Data
5.57pm What a top-dog effort from Australia. They have now taken 79 of the 80 wickets available to them. While it will be pointed out that New Zealand's score is the same as India's in the 1983 final, I am sure Australia would have taken this at the start of the game
"Pretty good stuff from the boys," says James Faulkner. "Pretty good MCG wicket. A little bit slow to start off with. We have worked really hard on our fielding. Outfield is a little quicker than normal."
Australia lost the toss on a flat MCG pitch, which has resulted in scores of 300 every match and easy defence of those totals. What do they do? Mitchell Starc first bowled an excellent first spell, including yorking Brendon McCullum and bowling him out for a duck in the first over. Josh Hazlewood continued doing his best impression of Glenn McGrath, and Mitchell Johnson brought more pressure with his pace and aggression at first change. Grant Elliott and Ross Taylor then put together a partnership, took New Zealand into the Powerplay only three down, but that's when they ran into Australia's clutch player: James Faulkner took two wickets in the first over of the Powerplay, and Australia were back to being all over them. Brad Haddin might not have looked great with his send-offs, but he was absolutely top class with his glove work. Slip fielding was good, and the outfielders were sensational. This was an effort befitting a team that comes from a country well known for winning big matches. They just know how to do it
It is not all over yet. They still need to score these runs off. In the previous match between New Zealand and Australia, 150 was almost defended. New Zealand won't give up just yet. They have come so far playing attractive aggressive cricket. No reason to not continue with it in this one final effort. You will have top join Alan Gardner to see if New Zealand can conjure something here. This is Sidharth Monga ending his World Cup. Been a pleasure bringing it to you
44.6;W;Johnson to Boult, OUT this could be sensational. It is actually sensation regardless of the result actually. Short of a length, at the hip, defended to short leg, and Maxwell spots from the corner of his eye that Southee is a little lazy getting back into the crease at the non-striker's end. He lets rip a throw at the non-striker's end. Southee has barely a foot to go back, but Maxwell's throw has beaten him. Southee's bat has got stuck in the ground. Sensational run-out. Sums up Australia in the field today;Tim Southee run out (Maxwell) 11 (21m 11b 0x4 1x6) SR: 100;
44.6;1w;Johnson to Boult, 1 wide tries a bouncer but is way down the leg side. Called a wide;
44.5;W;Johnson to Henry, OUT oh that is not the intention but they have got the wicket all the same. This is a yorker gone wrong. A low juicy full toss outside off with all the off-side fielders in the ring. Henry drives, but neither gets power behind it nor manages to keep it down. Easy catch for Starc at cover-point;Matt Henry c Starc b Johnson 0 (14m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
44.4;?;Johnson to Henry, no run short of a length, he backs away and hits, and is beaten by the angle;
44.3;1;Johnson to Southee, 1 run slower ball, offcutter, he mis-hits it to long-on;
44.2;?;Johnson to Southee, no run full and straight, makes room to hit this to extra cover. Won't get a single;
44.1;?;Johnson to Southee, no run he shuffles across to look to help a short ball to fine leg. He has guessed right, in that the ball is short, but he has been beaten by the pace;
43.6;?;Faulkner to Henry, no run drives on the up, hits the length ball straight to cover;
43.5;3;Faulkner to Southee, 3 runs this time Southee is expecting the slower ball, and makes room to chip this length ball over extra cover;
43.4;?;Faulkner to Southee, no run slower legcutter, Southee is done in, and it follows him to beat the back-away-and-swing;
43.3;?;Faulkner to Southee, no run short of a length, angling in, he makes room, but can't beat point with his open-face shot;
43.2;?;Faulkner to Southee, no run short of a length, angling in, backs away to defend;
43.1;?;Faulkner to Southee, no run normal pace, length ball, angling in, squeezes under his bat;
42.6;?;Johnson to Henry, no run sharp bouncer again, and no room either. He has to sway out of its line;
42.5;?;Johnson to Henry, no run full and straight, he backs away to drive, but finds mid-off;
42.4;?;Johnson to Henry, no run bouncer now. Won't be many slower balls around after that six first ball. He has to rush out of its line to protect his head;
42.3;1;Johnson to Southee, 1 run clears the front leg to drive this length ball to long-on;
42.2;?;Johnson to Southee, no run shuffles across to defend a full fast delivery;
42.1;6;Johnson to Southee, SIX runs Sixer Southee has hit a six first ball he faces. First intentional six of the innings/ #MCGsobig. Johnson bowls the slower ball, on a length, and he gets under it to loft it over long-on for a biggie;
41.6;?;Faulkner to Henry, no run yorker on off, he does well to get the bat down in time;
41.5;W;Faulkner to Elliott, OUT Faulkner has brought that one final big wicket. Slower ball does it again. It is so hard to pick because it comes out with the seam up. Elliot sees a length ball that he can hit over the leg side, but he is way too early into the shot. He gets the outside edge, and Faulkner's back-of-the-hand slower ball always bounces extra, which means it carries to Haddin for yet another catch. Australia all over New Zealand. A bit of a send-off again, but he gets a generous applause from the full house. raises his bat to them;Grant Elliott c ?Haddin b Faulkner 83 (133m 82b 7x4 1x6) SR: 101.21;
41.4;?;Faulkner to Elliott, no run short of a length, outside off, pushed with an open face;
41.3;?;Faulkner to Elliott, no run looks to stay beside the line, opens the face on a length ball, finds point;
41.2;?;Faulkner to Elliott, no run slower legcutter, beats his inside edge and also does him in for pace. Hits him on the thigh pad but this is headed down leg;
41.1;4;Faulkner to Elliott, FOUR runs short, into the body, a rare loose ball from Australia. This is short, not even chest high, and at Faulkner's pace. So he pulls it over midwicket for four;
40.6;W;Johnson to Vettori, OUT this is top-quality bowling from Australia. Johnson has come back to completely outdo Vettori. Full inswinging yorker at a high pace. Off the round arm it comes, dipping on him, tailing back in, Vettori is late on it, is beaten on the inside edge, is hit on the pad, and the deflection rattles the stumps;Daniel Vettori b Johnson 9 (23m 21b 1x4 0x6) SR: 42.85;
40.5;1;Johnson to Elliott, 1 run drives on the up, goes square, to the left of point, Smith makes a diving save, but they take a single off the deflection;
40.4;?;Johnson to Elliott, no run short of a length, stays a touch low, punches this to cover;
40.3;?;Johnson to Elliott, no run length ball, outside off, he opens the face, but Clarke is superb here. He has positioned himself at slip. Fields this to his right;
40.2;1;Johnson to Vettori, 1 run shuffles across, Johnson stays outside of, he is not behind the line, gets just the single to mid-on;
40.1;?;Johnson to Vettori, no run floats a length ball outside off, beats Vettori's attempt to open the face late;
29.6;?;Maxwell to Taylor, no run flighted outside off, drags him across. Taylor defends this back to him;
29.5;?;Maxwell to Taylor, no run full, into the pads, can't beat short midwicket;
29.4;1;Maxwell to Elliott, 1 run half-volley this time. Driven to long-off for one;
29.3;?;Maxwell to Elliott, no run lovely delivery. Tossed up outside off, dips on him, has created the gap between his body and the pitch off the ball. Elliott ends up pushing at it. The ball doesn't turn. Beats the outside edge;
29.2;2;Maxwell to Elliott, 2 runs down the wicket flick this length ball into the leg side. They get two before the deep fielder can come in #MCGreallysobig;
29.1;?;Maxwell to Elliott, no run tossed up outside off, pushed against the turn, but not past cover;
28.6;1;Johnson to Elliott, 1 run full and wide, he wants the cover-drive, but gets a thick edge to third man;
28.5;1;Johnson to Taylor, 1 run length ball outside off, slight offcut on it, Taylor gets behind the line and opens the face to get a single to third man;
28.4;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run full, tailing back in a little, solidly defended back to him;
28.3;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run short of a length, outside off, leaves alone this offcutter. Bounces in front of the keeper;
28.2;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run short of a length, middle and off, moves across to defend this back to him;
28.1;1lb;Johnson to Elliott, 1 leg bye short of a length, pitched outside leg, hits him on the thigh pad. Concedes a leg-bye;
27.6;1;Maxwell to Elliott, 1 run tossed up wide outside off, slower through the air, Elliott is looking for the chip over cover, but the ball arrives late, and the bat face turns in his hand. He is lucky this mis-hit hasn't carried to long-off. That brings up the fifty for Elliott. Is he doing what Warne did in 1999 World Cup? Elliott was also the top-scorer in NZ's successful chase the last time New Zealand played at MCG;
27.5;1;Maxwell to Taylor, 1 run tossed up outside off, pushed to long-off for one;
27.5;1w;Maxwell to Taylor, 1 wide fired into the pads, a wide down the leg side;
27.4;1;Maxwell to Elliott, 1 run pushed down the ground for one;
27.3;1;Maxwell to Taylor, 1 run full, middle and leg, driven to long-on;
27.2;1;Maxwell to Elliott, 1 run opens the face on a length ball, gets a single to the left of short third man;
27.1;1;Maxwell to Taylor, 1 run full outside off, paddles this fine of fine leg for one;
26.6;2;Watson to Elliott, 2 runs hard drive at a wide length ball, gets a thick outside edge. Third man is a little square, but he does well with that dive to save two runs;
26.5;1;Watson to Taylor, 1 run short of a length, outside off, runs this down to third man for one;
26.5;1w;Watson to Taylor, 1 wide bouncer, but too short and too high. Called a wide;
26.4;?;Watson to Taylor, no run on a length, outside off, he shuffles across to defend it back to him;
26.3;4;Watson to Taylor, FOUR runs draws the edge but New Zealand have had a partnership going, which means there is no slip[ in place. He pushes at a length ball outside off, the ball holds its line, takes the outside edge, and goes through the vacant slip region;
26.2;1;Watson to Elliott, 1 run short of a length, on the stumps, and he backs away to run this down to third man for one;
26.1;?;Watson to Elliott, no run on a length, on off, pushed back to him;
25.6;?;Faulkner to Taylor, no run short of a length, no room, he cuts, but finds backward point;
25.5;1;Faulkner to Elliott, 1 run short of a length, outside off, opens the face, gets a single to third man;
25.4;?;Faulkner to Elliott, no run good change-up. Short of a length, extra bounce with an offcutter slower ball. Beats the bat as it leaves him off the pitch;
25.3;4;Faulkner to Elliott, FOUR runs half-volley, outside off, he has played an excellent shot. Driving it through cover. Between mid-off and extra cover. All along the ground;
25.2;?;Faulkner to Elliott, no run on a length, outside off, pushed with an open face, but can't beat the man at point;
25.1;1;Faulkner to Taylor, 1 run wide length ball, driven to deep cover for one;
24.6;2;Watson to Elliott, 2 runs short of a length, wide, he deliberately plays it over point for a single;
24.5;?;Watson to Elliott, no run short of a length, on off, he tries to stay beside the line, opens the face, but can't get beat point;
24.4;2;Watson to Elliott, 2 runs short of a length, wide, punched away square of deep cover. Starc makes a diving save;
24.3;?;Watson to Elliott, no run short of a length, on off, he shuffles across to work this to leg, but can;t get inside the line enough to get it square enough for a single;
24.2;?;Watson to Elliott, no run on a length, middle and off, defended off the front foot;
24.1;?;Watson to Elliott, no run short of a length, on off, defended from the crease;
23.6;?;Faulkner to Taylor, no run he has moved too far across, is hit on the pad smack in front of middle stump, but the ball is clearly pitched outside leg. Another good save to his left by Haddin;
23.5;1;Faulkner to Elliott, 1 run runs this length ball to third man to bring the fifty for the partnership;
23.4;4;Faulkner to Elliott, FOUR runs lovely shot. Elliott is looking good now. That extra cover seems to be his preferred area. Full, outside off, he stays beside the line and chips it over extra cover. Good to watch;
23.3;?;Faulkner to Elliott, no run short of a length, just outside off, opens the face, can't get this past backward point;
23.2;1;Faulkner to Taylor, 1 run full outside off, pushed to the right of mid-off for one;
23.1;?;Faulkner to Taylor, no run on a length, around off, he moves across to defend this to leg;
22.6;?;Starc to Elliott, no run length ball angling away, left alone;
22.5;?;Starc to Elliott, no run lovely yorker again. On the crease, in front of middle. He has just about got the bat down in time;
22.4;6;Starc to Elliott, SIX runs second top-edged six. #MCGsobig #Batedgesobig. Again this short ball gets a bit big on him, Elliott is cramped, doesn;t have any room to hook, but the top edge goes fine into the leg side;
22.3;?;Starc to Elliott, no run yorker this time, Elliott equal to it. Keeps this down;
22.2;?;Starc to Elliott, no run short of a length, outside off, looks for a cut, gets a bottom edge, Haddin flies to his left to save a few runs here. Lovely take;
22.1;?;Starc to Elliott, no run on a length, on off, defended with an open face;
21.6;1;Maxwell to Elliott, 1 run length-ball offbreak, worked away for one;
21.5;1;Maxwell to Taylor, 1 run plays his favoured paddle sweep for one;
21.4;?;Maxwell to Taylor, no run flighted just outside off, defended back to him;
21.3;?;Maxwell to Taylor, no run turning into the pads, defended to leg;
21.2;1;Maxwell to Elliott, 1 run down the wicket to push this down the ground for one;
21.1;4;Maxwell to Elliott, FOUR runs short, not too wide, but he makes room to cut it past point for four;
20.6;?;Starc to Taylor, no run uppishly pushed to mid-off, but well short of that man;
20.5;3;Starc to Elliott, 3 runs this is better from Elliott. He moves across the line to get close to this length ball, and pushes this wide of mid-off;
20.4;?;Starc to Elliott, no run loose drive. This is on a length, angling away. He is neither close to the pitch of the ball, nor the line of it. Beaten. Loose and uncharacteristic shot;
20.3;?;Starc to Elliott, no run full outside off, dug out towards cover;
20.2;1lb;Starc to Taylor, 1 leg bye hit on the pad as he is beaten by the pace, but this has pitched outside leg;
20.1;?;Starc to Taylor, no run short of a length, on off, he is on his toes to defend;
19.6;?;Maxwell to Elliott, no run Maxwell has got another. Big Show owning the big day. But Taylor suggests to him this could be bouncing over so they have reviewed this lbw decision. Elliott is beaten on the sweep. The ball has pitched outside off, turns in, goes under the bat, and hits him on the knee roll. Taylor seems to suggest it is going over, but the replay and Hawkeye suggest it is missing leg with the turn. Dharmasena will have to overturn his decision. Phew. That seems like a gamble that has paid off for New Zealand. This was a review in hope. A mini little clinching of fists from the two batsmen in the middle;
19.5;1;Maxwell to Taylor, 1 run paddles this full ball away fine;
19.4;?;Maxwell to Taylor, no run turning into the pads, defended to leg;
19.3;1;Maxwell to Elliott, 1 run looks for the late cut, gets a bottom edge for one;
19.2;?;Maxwell to Elliott, no run defended to leg;
19.1;2;Maxwell to Elliott, 2 runs reverse-paddle from just outside off, past short third man. He has not bothered to turn the face of the bat. Has played it off the back of the bat;
18.6;?;Faulkner to Taylor, no run on a length, outside off, hit straight to mid-off;
18.5;?;Faulkner to Taylor, no run full, on off, pushed to mid-on, who is tight on the single;
18.4;?;Faulkner to Taylor, no run on a length, just outside off, defended to cover;
18.3;1;Faulkner to Elliott, 1 run full, pushed to mid-off, who is back at the 30-yard ring. Gets a single;
18.2;2;Faulkner to Elliott, 2 runs wide length ball, driven with an open face, through point, comes back for two by the time third man comes around;
18.1;?;Faulkner to Elliott, no run half-volley outside off, driven nicely, straight to short cover;
17.6;1;Maxwell to Elliott, 1 run wide length ball, pushed against the turn, gets a single;
17.5;?;Maxwell to Elliott, no run nicely bowled. Attacking line outside off, the ball dips on him, meaning he is not close to the pitch of the ball. Beaten on the outside edge;
17.4;1;Maxwell to Taylor, 1 run half-volley, driven to long-on for one;
17.3;?;Maxwell to Taylor, no run stays back to a length ball and punches it to cover;
17.2;2;Maxwell to Taylor, 2 runs low full toss, Taylor moves across to paddle this fine of fine leg. Taylor has looked on and busy today;
17.1;1;Maxwell to Elliott, 1 run wide half-volley, driven to deep cover for one;
16.6;?;Faulkner to Taylor, no run low full toss, flicked back to him;
16.5;?;Faulkner to Taylor, no run shuffles across to a length ball, defends it back to him;
16.4;1;Faulkner to Elliott, 1 run shuffles across and drops this length ball into the leg side for one;
16.3;1;Faulkner to Taylor, 1 run moves across the line get inside the line of this length ball and works this to long leg for one;
16.2;?;Faulkner to Taylor, no run full, outside off, defended off the back foot;
16.1;1;Faulkner to Elliott, 1 run short of a length, on off, he opens the face and runs this down to third man;
15.6;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run on a length, on off, defended towards mid-on;
15.5;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run short of a length, outside off, defends;
15.4;1;Hazlewood to Elliott, 1 run shuffles across to a wide length ball to run it down to third man for one;
15.3;3;Hazlewood to Taylor, 3 runs nice shot. This is a length ball on off, he shuffles across the line to work this past midwicket;
15.2;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run fuller, outside off, holds its line, hits the outside half of the bat as he defends;
15.1;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run short of a length, outside off, gets good bounce, Taylor is off his feet as he defends;
14.6;2;Johnson to Elliott, 2 runs full this time, outside off, Elliott - despite those two bouncers - is looking to move forward, and pushes this wide of cover;
14.5;?;Johnson to Elliott, no run bouncer, pretty quick, 148ks, at the stumps. He ducks under it;
14.4;3;Johnson to Taylor, 3 runs full and wide. A half-volley. Taylor leans into it, push-drives it past cover;
14.3;1;Johnson to Elliott, 1 run full, on off, defended off the front foot, in front of point, gets a single;
14.2;?;Johnson to Elliott, no run full outside off now, defended;
14.1;?;Johnson to Elliott, no run this is absolutely excellent from Johnson. Bouncer from only short of a length. As in this is not dug in halfway down but has gone up higher than the shoulder. He has swayed out of it;
13.6;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run wide length ball, it holds its line, and Taylor plays at it on the walk. Well away from the body. Beaten;
13.5;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run short of a length, outside off, he is forward to defend;
13.4;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run full, outside off, defended off the front foot;
13.3;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run short of a length, outside off, punched to cover;
13.2;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run short of a length, outside off, defended to cover;
13.1;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run full ball, overpitched, middle and leg, driven down the ground, but can't beat mid-on;
12.6;?;Johnson to Elliott, no run offcutter outside off, Elliott is drawn into a defensive shot, and is beaten;
12.5;1;Johnson to Taylor, 1 run full, fast and wide, Taylor drives sqyares, Warner misfields at point, contains a single;
12.4;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run short of a length, on off, defended off the back foot;
12.3;1;Johnson to Elliott, 1 run runs this down to third man for one;
12.2;W;Johnson to Williamson, OUT Johnson has looked like getting a wicket nearly every ball, and he has done so now. He has bowled excellently. His pace and aggression so far means any slight misbehaviour off the pitch is going to have a big impact. This is a length ball, around that middle and off channel. Previously balls have cut and fizzed away, this stops a touch. Only a touch, mind you. Williamson is early in defending, and lobs this back to Johnson. He is looking to work this to leg, but this has also angled away towards off, which means he has checked his shot a little;Kane Williamson c & b Johnson 12 (52m 33b 1x4 0x6) SR: 36.36;
12.1;1;Johnson to Taylor, 1 run tucked away off the hip for a single;
11.6;?;Maxwell to Williamson, no run half-volley outside off, lovely drive against the turn, but can't get past the diving man at cover;
11.5;1;Maxwell to Taylor, 1 run turning into the pads, worked around the corner for one;
11.4;?;Maxwell to Taylor, no run defends a full ball;
11.3;4;Maxwell to Taylor, FOUR runs full toss first ball, great welcome for Taylor, he drives this past cover for four;
11.2;W;Maxwell to Guptill, OUT what a bowling change. And how much has that miss on that half tracker played on Guptill's mind. Stays back to a ball slightly short than good length. He goes back to play for the offbreak and punch it. The ball turns, but not as much as he is expecting it to. Hits the top of off. Big Show on Big Stage. Also Haddin gets in Guptill's face with his applauding gloves to leave a sour note on what has been Australia's afternoon;Martin Guptill b Maxwell 15 (48m 34b 1x4 1x6) SR: 44.11;
11.1;?;Maxwell to Guptill, no run he has bowled short and wide, but so far have New Zealand been pushed back that he has cut this straight to cover point;
10.6;1;Johnson to Guptill, 1 run on a length, at the pads, worked away for a single to long leg;
10.5;1;Johnson to Williamson, 1 run the rare half-volley, pushed away to deep cover this time;
10.4;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run another beauty. Johnson is on today. Just a bit of that offcut again as he pitches on a length at off, and then leaves him to beat the bat;
10.3;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run that is beautiful. That's an offcutter at close to 150ks. Un. Play. Able. On a length, pretty quick, on off, he has to play at it. And it cuts away to beat him;
10.2;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run short of a length, at the hip, Williamson manages to keep it down with his defence;
10.1;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run sharp bouncer, on middle and leg, at 147ks, Williamson gets inside the line to look to hook, but bails out at the last moment as he realises this has got big on him;
9.6;?;Hazlewood to Guptill, no run short of a length, just outside off, good bounce, and Guptill is off his feet as he defends;
9.5;?;Hazlewood to Guptill, no run half-volley on off, driven hard down the ground, but straight back at Hazlewood;
9.4;1;Hazlewood to Williamson, 1 run short of a length, wide, he opens the face on it, gets a single to third man;
9.3;2;Hazlewood to Williamson, 2 runs digs this one in short, around chest high, and Williamson gets on top of the bounce, and rolls the wrists on the pull. Left of long leg it goes;
9.2;4;Hazlewood to Williamson, FOUR runs mid-off is wide, and he has exploited that gap. This is a length ball outside off, he pushes it on the up, and sort of punches it straight of that man for four;
9.1;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run on a length, just outside off, he leans into it and punches this back at Hazlewood who sticks a hand out, which ends up deflecting this into Guptill at the non-striker's end;
8.6;?;Johnson to Guptill, no run short of a length, no room, punched to cover;
8.5;?;Johnson to Guptill, no run on a length, on off, defended off the back foot. This is 148ks;
8.5;1w;Johnson to Guptill, 1 wide wide down the leg side this time. Gets the line a tad wrong. Bowled at 146ks;
8.4;?;Johnson to Guptill, no run stays back to punch this length ball to mid-off;
8.3;?;Johnson to Guptill, no run fuller, pitches middle, holds its line, defends off the back foot;
8.2;?;Johnson to Guptill, no run again that awkward short-of-a-length delivery that is rising into the chest. Guptill is off his feet to get on top of the bounce as he fends;
8.1;?;Johnson to Guptill, no run that's a sharp first ball. It is nasty. From the low round-arm release, from just short of a length, it rises towards the chest. Guptill throws his gloves up in defence. Lucky it hasn't lobbed up;
7.6;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run short of a length, seaming in, beats the inside edge to hit the pad and end a maiden;
7.5;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run on a length, angling in towards top of off, defended to mid-off;
7.4;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run that's a sharp short ball. This has come out of nowhere, and has kicked off from just short of a length. Gets shoulder high, nips back a little. Williamson thinks ramp, and pulls out at the last moment as it has got too big on him;
7.3;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run on a length, angling in, nicely clipped away, but can't beat mid-on;
7.2;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run on a length, nipping in a little, defended off the back foot;
7.1;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run short of a length, just outside off, holds its line slightly, beats the outside edge as he pushes at it;
6.6;?;Starc to Guptill, no run bouncer again, this time it is head high, and Guptill ducks under it;
6.5;?;Starc to Guptill, no run again short of a length, on off, allowed to angle through to the keeper;
6.4;?;Starc to Guptill, no run full and straight after having pushed it across with the angle. Guptill plays around his pad, but this is full and he makes good connection. A dive at short midwicket saves runs;
6.3;?;Starc to Guptill, no run short of a length, angling away from just outside off. Another leave;
6.2;?;Starc to Guptill, no run angling away this time, and Guptill doesn't play at it;
6.1;?;Starc to Guptill, no run this ball is too good. Almost unplayable. This is shaping to swing in, Guptill is playing for it, just outside off, but the ball pitches and seams away. Beats the edge. Another day he might have edged this;
6.1;1w;Starc to Guptill, 1 wide bouncer, too short, too high, called a wide;
5.6;2;Hazlewood to Williamson, 2 runs overpitches a little, strays a little, first confident stroke from Williamson as he clips this past square leg for two;
5.5;1;Hazlewood to Guptill, 1 run holds its line just outside off, takes a thick edge for a single to third man;
5.4;?;Hazlewood to Guptill, no run short of a length, holds its line a little, defended to leg;
5.3;1;Hazlewood to Williamson, 1 run on a length, opens the face late on it, gets a thick edge to third man for one;
5.2;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run on a length, angling in, beats the inside edge, but is headed down leg;
5.1;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run outswinger, on a length, outside off, left alone;
4.6;1;Starc to Williamson, 1 run Williamson is so lucky here. Follows a wide length ball. Doesn't drive at it powerfully. Just a nothing tentative push. The ball, though, has flown off the thick edge, and over backward point. Third man comes around to field;
4.5;?;Starc to Williamson, no run digs this in short, stays on off with the natural angle. Williamson goes low and sways out of its line;
4.4;?;Starc to Williamson, no run beats the bat again. Starc is on fire here. Short of a length again, on off, Williamson plays at it too, and is beaten by the angle;
4.3;?;Starc to Williamson, no run tentative from Kool Kane. Short of a length, on off, angling away, he is late into trying to punch this. Beaten;
4.2;?;Starc to Williamson, no run on a length, slight shape back in, but not too straight. Flicked towards mid-on;
4.1;?;Starc to Williamson, no run half-forward to defend this length ball;
3.6;?;Hazlewood to Guptill, no run short of a length, on off, defended from the crease;
3.5;?;Hazlewood to Guptill, no run shoulders arms to one outside off;
3.4;6;Hazlewood to Guptill, SIX runs good sharp bouncer, and he has top-edged it for a six. That points to the pace, all right, but also how much the ropes have pulled in. This is not a full-blooded hook. Guptill is cramped for room with this bouncer so he hardly can swing properly, but the top edge flies over Haddin's head for six #MCGsobig;
3.3;?;Hazlewood to Guptill, no run slight nip back in from a tight off-stump channel. Defended off the front foot;
3.2;?;Hazlewood to Guptill, no run short of a length, wide, punched away, but can't pierce the gap at point. Smith and Warner nearly collide as both are eager to get to the ball. Warner fields this one;
3.1;?;Hazlewood to Guptill, no run wide length ball, holds its line, left alone;
2.6;1;Starc to Guptill, 1 run on the pads this time, and he has helped it around the corner for one;
2.5;?;Starc to Guptill, no run bouncer this time, and a pretty sharp one. Pitches middle and off, and angles away. Guptill sways out of its line;
2.4;4;Starc to Guptill, FOUR runs wide half-volley, Guptill plays a classy square-drive. In front of point, all along the ground. First boundary off the bat;
2.3;?;Starc to Guptill, no run on a length, on off, defended from the crease;
2.2;?;Starc to Guptill, no run short of a length. First signs the ball might not come? Guptill looks to work this to leg, but he has to wait for it, and in the end he defends it back;
2.1;?;Starc to Guptill, no run more swing for Starc. That has dipped back in, Guptill seems trapped in front, but Guptill has got an inside edge onto the pad. The lbw shout is big, but they decide not to review it;
1.6;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run on a length, in the tentative channel outside off, left alone;
1.5;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run full, just outside off, slight swing away, defended off the front foot;
1.4;4lb;Hazlewood to Williamson, 4 leg byes strays onto the pads, Williamson misses out on the flick, but gets four leg-byes for it;
1.3;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run short of a length, outside off, gets chest high. Williamson thinks of playing at it, but leaves it alone late. Nerves there;
1.2;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run more swing. Another outswinger. Left alone outside off;
1.1;1;Hazlewood to Guptill, 1 run short of a length, on the pads, worked around the corner;
0.6;?;Starc to Williamson, no run more swing, more pace. Some dip on it. Williamson is hit on the pad, but the ball is headed down leg;
0.5;W;Starc to McCullum, OUT Timbahhhhhhh. Starc you beauty. What a ripper [in Bill Lawry voice]. What an occasion. What a start. He bowls it full, he swings it in, he lands it between the stumps and the popping crease. McCullum is tentative for once. The bat comes down late. Off stump is set back. Starc goes away on a celebratory run. MCG is on its feet. The game is not over obviously, but Starc... how is that for a start?;Brendon McCullum b Starc 0 (3m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
0.4;?;Starc to McCullum, no run McCullum gives him the charge, Starc stays full, follows him as he backs away. No room, swinging in, beats him;
0.3;?;Starc to McCullum, no run perfect first ball. Starc has brought it. Full, just outside off at 149ks, McCullum drives, but is beaten on the inside edge. Misses the off stump by six inches. Great start from Starc;
0.2;1;Starc to Guptill, 1 run short of a length, on off, he opens the face to guide it to third man for one;
0.1;?;Starc to Guptill, no run length ball outside off, left alone. A Test-like start to the final of 2015;

2.30pm McCullum is not wearing the arm guard. He had to put one on when New Zealand last faced Australia after he was hit on the bone by Johnson. Bring on Satrc, Johnson and Faulkner. Two slips in place. Fine leg and third man back
"We can be heroes."
2.25pm Spine tingles. In five minutes McCullum will stride out to face Starc. The agenda for the game will be set then and there. McCullum with a strike rate of 191.81. Starc with a wicket every 16.7 balls. He will in all likelihood bowl a four-over spell at the top. Enough time for a match-deciding spell of play? Greatness might be accorded in that spell of play
Luke: "Its possible for this match to be a tie?! Well I know what result I want know."
Dinesh: "Does Ronchi sing both the national anthems #justasking"
"@Aditya, all first-time finalists have won except in 1975 :-)" Jay, and 1979
2.20pm "How many teams have won the CWC after losing the toss?" Sean, out of the 10 finals, six have been won by sides losing the toss. Australia 87, Pakistan 92, Sri Lanka 96 and Australia 2007 won after winning the toss
During the national anthems, some reminder of playing conditions. In case of a tie, we will have the Super Over. Group standings won't matter now. If the Super over is tied, the trophy will be shared
This is the last ODI for Clarke, and the last international for Vettori
Aditya: "All first-time finalists have won the World Cups so far :-)"
2pm The captains walk out with Simon Doull. "Exciting for both Brendon and us," says Clarke. "Just a shame one team will have to win and one will have to lose," says McCullum.
Brendon McCullum calls heads. It lands heads. New Zealand are batting first. Bring on Starc v McCullum already.
"We will give it our best," says McCullum. "Doesn't guarantee success, but we will play the best we can. Outstanding pitch. A lot of support for us from all around the world. It's going to be a great final. Can't wait to get amongst it."
"Been great, the Australian public," says Clarke. "Hopefully we can play some really good entertaining cricket for them."
Both the teams are unchanged
1.50pm Now on to what makes Australia marginal favourites here. The flattest pitch all summer. MCG has been a bit of a disappointment in that regard. Boundaries have been pulled in massively, the outfield has been as fast as the bare fields in India, and the pitch has had no seam or spin or dodgy pace or bounce. The ball hasn't swung here. Apart from being disappointing in the general sense, that could take the New Zealand bowlers out of the equation a little bit.
It is a big contrast to the last time these two sides played here, in 2008-09. New Zealand won, they still have six of that XI playing this final, but it was an ODI straight out of the 1980s: Australia scored 225 for 5 in 50 overs, New Zealand responded with 226 for 4 in 48.5
Toss in 10 minutes
1.40pm Captaincy now. McCullum and Clarke. Fair to say their country's public didn't warm to them immediately. McCullum frustrated with lack of application at first, Clarke was never the typical Australian sort of macho hero. Now they are the two best captains in the world. Both are aggressive, both hate to watch the game stagnate or meander, both with a sense of occasion. except that Clarke has shown he can tamper his approach a little while still staying aggressive within. Which is not to say McCullum can't, but he hasn't yet shown that. Even when de Villiers and Miller went hammers and tongs, McCullum attacked
Will they change their approach today? Will McCullum think, for example, "Oh it is the big stage today, maybe I need to be a little more responsible with the bat. Let me try to bat out 25 overs. I have gone past 20 only once in the last two years. Let me not risk making it 10 for 1 on the big day." Or will he continue being the McCullum he has been, trusting the others to fight back should he perish looking for that hyper-aggressive start? Will he continue trusting Boult and Southee enough to be able to give them the fields that have made New Zealand the darlings of this World Cup?
Does Clarke say, "Let me make more responsibility today, and go out to bat ahead of Maxwell even if that question arises in the 33rd over? I am the fourth-highest scorer for Australia of all time. Let me take the pressure on the big day." How will he deal with the absence of a specialist spinner? Might it come down to one crucial bowling change from either of the captains?
1.35pm Alex: "Australia may have taken 69 of the 70 wickets available to them... but let's not forget who the 70th was."
Captain Andrew : "I see that you mention Aus has taken 69/70 wickets. The one wicket they failed to take was to break the partnership of Williamson and Boult which has a poetic feel to it in that the only blemish on Australia's near perfect record is the * after Boults and Williamsons names. Both teams will certainly push each other to the brink. This has been a truly emotional year for cricket and both teams have an emotional backstory NZ with Martin Crowe Aus with having lost one of its sons in Phil Hughes. "
1.30pm Right, so how do the teams stack up man for man?
McCullum v Warner. Even. Warner has scored more runs in the year leading in, but McCullum has created more impact. Warner is likely to bat for longer, but McCullum carries more fear
Martin Guptill v Aaron Finch. Similar again
Smith and Clarke v Williamson and Elliott. Smith and Williamson similar class but better form for the former. Clarke more pedigree obviously than Elliott but the latter is carrying form
Taylor v Maxwell. Maxwell carries form and threat, but Taylor has experience and if he begins to hit he can go berserk himself
Anderson v Faulkner. Both bowl Powerplay overs. Both entrusted with scoring crucial runs. Might they decide the Cup?
Haddin v Ronchi. Touch players. Stylish down the ground. Both have dropped a catch each in the semi-final. Might that decide the cup?
Boult v Starc. Southee v Hazlewood. Henry v Johnson. Hard to split
Now we are left with Watson and Vettori. A specialist spinner against a talented allrounder. Might it come down to their contributions?
1.25pm
Bret: "'This about now, about today,' McCullum says, in a way that makes the changing room go quiet. Hesson's sitting down, but now he stands, and while the skipper speaks, he goes over to Taylor and shakes his hand, holding it a moment, looking the much taller man in the eye. Then he goes to Guptill. 'This isn't life or death. This is a game,' McCullum's saying, rubbing the place on his arm where Johnson hit him, not like it's sore, but like rubbing it gives him strength. 'Confidence,' he says, quietly, 'strength, and think about Martin Crowe and where any of us might be in 23 years. It's about New Zealand, and your family. It's teammates,' he says in a whisper and there's a soft pattering as a few of the players shift on their sprigs. 'Cricket isn't life and death,' McCullum says, 'we know that. But today, I'm playing like it's the last game of cricket I'll play. Like tomorrow something bad's going to come down.' He gestures at the changing room door. 'Like what happened to Martin, like what's happened with people you all know.' Now Hesson's with Southee, standing between him and Williamson, with his hand on his bowling shoulder. 'We're playing for today,' says McCullum. 'Today,' he says. There's raised voices in the corridor. The Aussie twang. Something crashes and there's laughter. McCullum looks down at his feet and then at the ceiling. There are tears in his eyes, something moves in his jaw. He's flexing his catching hand. He seems to have doubled in size. 'Today,' he says, with utter certainty. "
Richard: "Don't forget the infamous crowd chants of "Hadlee's a w***er" in the late 1980s!"
Lachie: "I hope Australia win, as an Aussie myself. But if I'm honest, I wouldn't mind so much if we lose to New Zealand; they've been one of the best in the tournament and I'd love to see New Zealand cricket get a big boost from a win."
"If McCullum is still batting at the 30th over then NZ will win. It's that simple. If Aus get him out cheaply then will win." Pat McCarthy, he has lasted beyond 20 overs only once in the last two years
Peter McDermott: "Doesn't matter who bats first Australia will win anyway. But if they do bat first, it is a certainty. Hullo from the Philippines, we are all huddled around "watching" as we always do. Thanks Cricinfo and Go Aussies."
1.15pm Sydney Morning Herald's Greg Baum described this Australia-New Zealand rivalry recently as "internecine". A rivalry that for some reason is remembered mainly for infamy. Underarm, the "Haddin is a cheat" placards after he got Neil Broom out wrongly the last time New Zealand went to Australia, "Hadlee's a w***er" chants when he played in Australia in the late 1980s, Glenn Turner's recollection of the abuse he went through when New Zealand first beat Australia in Tests, Mark Greatbatch with similar reminiscences...
There is an increasing "anyone but Australia" sentiment all over. A case in point being that #mcgsobig hashtag in response to what was a valid point. Hopefully underneath all the dislike for Australia - at least today - is grudging respect for the quality of the team because they can, and they know they can, win from anywhere
1pm Dave: "No pressure Blackcaps, but today is my birthday! You know what to do."
Mambo92: "Yes I can't wait Sidharth, I have a feeling that today something very special is going to happen at the MCG..."
scott page: "If im the first to comment today, a BIG hello to the kids from Prague Junior Cricket Club, Czech Republic, hope your ready to watch the best game of the year. As an Aussie, i hope NZ wins this, for the Spirit of World Cricket."
12.45pm
You're packing a suitcase for a place
None of us has been
A place that has to be believed
To be seen
New Zealand believe. They have never believed more. Brendon McCullum's words continue to live on: these are the greatest times of their lives. Not just their lives, their fans' lives. There has never been a better time to be a New Zealand fan, but these are the greatest days for those who have endured the leaner, darker days: John Buchanan's turning NZ cricket into a laboratory, days of losing to Bangladesh, injuries to fast bowlers the moment they would become a threat, fractious teams that continued cheap shots through their books after retirement, contractual disputes with IPL taking away Test players, all those days are momentarily behind New Zealand. Those who have followed them closely knew it for more than a year now, they themselves knew it that they were favourites to come to the MCG final. They have played with skill, with flair, with oneness of purpose, with aggression, with respect for the opposition, with emotion, with the joy we all - as kids - dreamt cricket would be.
Standing between what is most of the neutrals' favourite now and the successful culmination of a dream-like campaign are the team from a country that has been the most successful at World Cups, and indeed all cricket. New Zealand have been so strong, resilient and well led that you would have them down as favourites but not against Australia. They just know how to win. These players might not have won all those tournaments before them, but they have grown up watching those wins, they have been handed down that legacy. They are at home. They have played excellent cricket, losing only one match in the World Cup, that to New Zealand. Of the 70 wickets available to them, they have taken 69. They have scored runs at a pace faster than any other team.
Starcy's pounding down like a machine
Johnno's making divots in the green
Hadds is takin' wickets
Smitty's clearing pickets.
And Clarke's' eyes have got that killer gleam
12.30pm Do you feel it? It's there in the Melbourne air. It's on the William Barrack Bridge. It's on the platforms of Richmond and Jolimont train stations. On Wellington Parade. On flights that came in from New Zealand. In hotels that are going at $900 a night. Do you feel it outside? We are going to crown new world champions of ODI cricket. In 90 minutes the two captains will walk out for the toss. In about 10 hours or fewer we will know who the new champions are. Hopefully in the time between those two events magic will be created at the grandest cricketing stage of them all. This is Sidharth Monga. I will be calling the first innings for you before Alan Gardner takes you to the end of the World Cup
 Innings Start
9.45pm: The trophy has been held aloft and, after a six-week journey, Australia are crowned World Champions. They're off on a victory lap, which will take a while across the wide expanse of the MCG. The emotion briefly welled up again in Clarke when he paid tribute to Hughes; Australia play their cricket close to the edge but Clarke, in particular, makes them a likeable, human bunch. Both captains spoke with humility and praise for each other at the end and both sides have played a huge part in making this tournament memorable.
We've had a blast, haven't we? The batsmen certainly did, though the Man of the Final and Man of the Tournament were bowlers. We will remember spells from Mitchell Starc and Trent Boult, Tim Southee and Wahab Riaz for as long as we do those innings of fury from Martin Guptill, AB de Villiers and Glenn Maxwell. Not to mention the contributions made from all across the cricketing world, from Shaiman Anwar and William Porterfield, Shapoor Zadran and Sean Williams.
The final, in the end, was something of a waltz but we'll not forget Baz and his Black Caps charging through the competiton with an aggressive approach that will forever leave its mark. The G got the result it wanted, however. We'll have plenty of reaction, appreciation and analysis coming up on the site, so stick around. It's been a pleasure and a privilege to bring you the action, we'll be back again in four years' time (possibly before then, too). From Sid and myself and all the guys and girls in New Zealand and Australia, India, England and the US, thanks for joining in and see you again soon. Bye!
9.25pm: Presentations, one last time this World Cup... Mention of farewells for Sangakkara and Jayawardene, Misbah and Afridi, Clarke. Maybe Vettori too. Up come the officials for their medals, then the New Zealand players. Here's New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum: "It's been one hell of a ride for us, right the way through, we played some outstanding cricket. We ran into an outstanding team in Australia, they continue to set the standard. Michael Clarke bows out on a high note, they deserved to win. [Early dismissal] Probably unfolded not as planned, but we got ourselves back in the game at 3 for 150. With 180, you still dare to dream, could have ended up differently with a couple of things going our way. This is what you ask for as a cricketer, we've had the opportunity. We've forged memories and friendships that will last forever. Didn't lift the trophy but no regrets, the brand of cricket we've played and we walk away with our heads held high. It's the greatest time of our lives and that's how we tried to play the game, with a free spirit and heart. Still think we can be very proud of our achievements in this tournament."
There's a big cheer when it's announced that Sachin Tendulkar will present Man of the Match award. It is goes to James Faulkner: "Pretty amazing feeling, in front of 90,000 at the MCG. We've had an amazing journey the last couple of years. [Impact in the Powerplay] The skipper tosses you the ball and it works out like that sometimes. I thought I might not be here today, so this is an amazing feeling."
Man of the Tournament now, and it is Mitchell Starc, the master of the reverse-swinging yorker, heir to Wasim Akram, who picked up 22 wickets: "Amazing tournament, some outstanding performances but to cap it off. NZ have set the standard all tournament but we led it home. I've worked really hard for a number of months now, a few series ago we sat down and to see it come to fruition it's been phenomenal. Little lucky, it was a plan Craig and I had but to see it executed. Brendon's been fantastic all tournament. The fans have been fantastic, to win in front of this many people, there's nothing like it. Going to enjoy this one for now."
Finally, the triumphant captain, on his final day in the job, Michael Clarke: "Over the moon, what a tournament, Brendon and NZ deserve a lot of credit, always a tough team to beat, whenever we play them in any sport - so well done to Baz and his team, especially personally, he had an amazing performance. Thanks to every Australian and cricket supporter out there who've been behind us. The team and support staff, the support I've had since coming back into the team, they deserve to stand there with the trophy. Said we were ready mentally and we managed to get it all together physically. [No23 shirt?] Might give it back to Warney... Haven't given it much though, time is right to walk away from one-day cricket, I'll still be playing Test cricket. [Black arm bands] It's got PH on it, I'll wear it every time I play for Australia. Been a really tough few months and everyone would say we played this World Cup with 16 players. Tonight is dedicated to our little brother. Hughesy used to party as well as any of them. We're really proud, it's a wonderful achievement, to win in our own backyard in front of family and friends."
9.10pm: The men in yellow stream out on to the pitch, engulfing Smith. Big brother has prevailed and Australia can forget about 1992 - they've won the World Cup on home soil. For the fourth time in five, too. After the disappointment of 2011, they are a mean one-day machine again. New Zealand won a whole lot as well at this tournament, in terms of admiration and affection from beyond their own shores, but they came up short across the ditch. David Warner says he has lost his voice, as unlikely as it seems. "Thanks to everyone who has come out to support us, credit to you guys."
"They've been fantastic over the six weeks and the support we've had is unbelievable," says Darren Lehmann, of his players, moments before he gets an ice bucket dumped over him. "That's why I love them," he adds. Aaron Finch is chuffed to win in front of his home crowd, as you would expect. And Shane Warne has Smiffy alongside him: "Unbelievable feeling. We said we wanted to play out best games at the end of the tournament. To win three down is amazing... The bowlers set it up for us. Thanks for everyone coming out." He's with Mitchell Starc, whose spearing of Brendon McCullum after three balls was a huge tone-setter in this game. It's "topped off the summer," he says.
The Australians are all out there, on the pitch, having microphones shoved in front of them. Shane Watson has a word for New Zealand: "They've been the form side of world cricket the last six months, Brendon McCullum has done an incredible job, they have match-winners through their team. We're incredibly glad to have won." New Zealand, of course, had already laid to rest 1992 and, as Martin Crowe wrote beforehand, this final was always going to be the "perfect ending". But you can be sure they would have preferred to win.
Australia will be receiving the trophy shortly, their fifth World Cup. Two years ago, they were being whitewashed in India and going out of the Champions Trophy without a win. Lehmann has helped recapture their mojo, they'll certainly celebrate under the southern cross tonight. And at the end of the Australian summer, after the pain of Phillip Hughes' passing in November, this will also be a cathartic triumph.
33.1;4;Henry to Smith, FOUR runs short and pulled away with a whirl of those rubber wrists! There she blows, the winning runs fittingly from Smith's bat - Australia win the World Cup final by seven wickets, New Zealand were just swept aside in the end. Smith has been one of Australia's leading lights and he had guided them home at the G;
32.6;1;Southee to Smith, 1 run full again, dug out back past the bowler, mid-on busts a gut to get there and cuts it off, keep them to a single. Still two more required;
32.5;?;Southee to Smith, no run excellent yorker from Southee, right on middle and off, Smith drops the bat on it in time;
32.4;?;Southee to Smith, no run full length, almost the leg-stump yorker and Smith is defeated walking to the off side, slips narrowly past the wicket;
32.3;1;Southee to Watson, 1 run pitched up and driven wide of mid-on, there's a direct hit but Watson was safe;
32.2;?;Southee to Watson, no run continues to angled in from the channel, played to the leg side off his body;
32.1;?;Southee to Watson, no run length ball around the line of off, Watson comes across and blocks lugubriously;
31.6;?;Henry to Smith, no run goes across and defends on off stump;
31.5;2;Henry to Smith, 2 runs fullish outside off, steers this behind point for two that takes him past fifty for the fifth time in the tournament. Smiffy's World Cup? Or Starc's?;
31.4;2;Henry to Smith, 2 runs on the stumps, Smith whips a couple more past midwicket;
31.3;1;Henry to Watson, 1 run short again, drops deep and pulls one away through square;
31.2;?;Henry to Watson, no run drops back and defends a short-of-a-length delivery on the stumps;
31.1;W;Henry to Clarke, OUT bowled him, Clarke has chopped on! He wont get to hit the winning runs but he will get a huge ovation from the MCG as he walks off for the last time in ODIs. He was trying to run one to third man, got an inside edge down on to the woodwork... Was that him wiping away something from his eye as he crossed the boundary rope?;Michael Clarke b Henry 74 (84m 72b 10x4 1x6) SR: 102.77;
31.1;1w;Henry to Clarke, 1 wide starts with a back-of-the-hand slower ball, drifts down the leg side;
30.6;?;Southee to Smith, no run fullish, outside off, Smith comes out to meet it but spanks a drive straight to mid-off;
30.5;1;Southee to Clarke, 1 run bangs this in short, sits back ready for it, paddles a single around the corner;
30.4;4;Southee to Clarke, FOUR runs four more, that's four in a row! Short and wide this time and Clarke dismissively rifles a cut away, it's all coming in a rush, six weeks of tension ebbing away;
30.3;4;Southee to Clarke, FOUR runs length outside off, four more, sliced past point, flowing front-foot square drive from Clarke, he's charging towards the cup;
30.2;4;Southee to Clarke, FOUR runs four more, low full toss whacked through the covers, zips past the man at short extra;
30.1;4;Southee to Clarke, FOUR runs full and straight, in the slot and Clarke carts it over wide long-on... well, not quite over, plenty of bottom-handed muscle in that but it bounces short of the rope;
29.6;?;Boult to Smith, no run back over the wicket, fires in another attempted yorker, this one is on target and Smith nearly gets a leading edge back to the bowler. Not quite, though;
29.5;1;Boult to Clarke, 1 run in the channel, fullish length, Clarke sits back and squeezes one more behind square;
29.4;4;Boult to Clarke, FOUR runs lets go a fraction early and the attempted yorker becomes a full toss, Clarke leans out and casually slaps four through the covers;
29.3;?;Boult to Clarke, no run fullish outside off, tapped towards short extra cover;
29.2;1;Boult to Smith, 1 run in the channel outside off, drops back and steers one through backward point;
29.1;?;Boult to Smith, no run pitched up outside off, punched into the covers;
28.6;2;Southee to Clarke, 2 runs full toss again, maybe a slower one, Clarke doesn't time a bunt over mid-off but gets a couple;
28.5;1;Southee to Smith, 1 run full toss from Southee, veering towards leg stump, clipped away through square for one more;
28.4;?;Southee to Smith, no run good length in the channel outside off, steps out and shoulders arms;
28.3;2;Southee to Smith, 2 runs on the stumps, Smith goes across and miscues a pull through backward square for a couple;
28.2;4;Southee to Smith, FOUR runs short and wide and slashed fine of third man for four. Thick outside edge but Smith knew where it was headed, well wide of the lone slip;
28.1;2;Southee to Smith, 2 runs back of a length outside off, hangs in the crease and chops a couple through point;
27.6;?;Boult to Clarke, no run goes over the wicket, pitches on a length and raps Clarke on the knee roll, pitched outside leg, I think, runs away to backward point;
27.5;?;Boult to Clarke, no run back of a length and defended on the back foot around off stump;
27.4;?;Boult to Clarke, no run quick, well-directed bumper, Clarke crouches as the ball flies over his back;
27.3;?;Boult to Clarke, no run short of a length and played the top of the bounce over off stump, down in front of point;
27.2;1;Boult to Smith, 1 run back and across, back and across, back and across.. Smith nurdles one more to leg. Nurdling on into the sunset;
27.1;?;Boult to Smith, no run Boult goes around the wicket, shortish and coming back in at the batsman, who defends square;
26.6;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run pushed through in the channel again, chopped in front of square;
26.5;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run flat outside off, goes back and taps into the covers;
26.4;1;Vettori to Smith, 1 run driven in the air but short of mid-off diving forwards! Very difficult chance, couldn't get his hands under it;
26.3;1;Vettori to Clarke, 1 run tossed up and flicked off the pads for one more - that's Clarke's half-century, to the delight of the MCG. Started a bit sketchily but has shown class. Quick raise of the bat, then on we go, there's a job to do;
26.2;2;Vettori to Clarke, 2 runs busy in the crease now, moves across and whips a couple through square leg;
26.1;1;Vettori to Smith, 1 run tossed up, comes forward and pushes to long-on;
25.6;4;Boult to Clarke, FOUR runs spanked! Touch full from Boult and Clarke stamps his mark on the final ball of the over, rattling a crisp on drive down the ground. It went at a catchable height but was closer to causing Richard Kettleborough a mischief than giving Boult a second wicket;
25.5;?;Boult to Clarke, no run gets across his stumps and defends into the off side;
25.4;?;Boult to Clarke, no run full again, enticing the drive, flies past the edge as Clarke has a go... looked for a moment like he'd nicked it, but no;
25.3;?;Boult to Clarke, no run fuller, in the channel, punched to the short extra cover fielder;
25.2;?;Boult to Clarke, no run slightly short and outside off, Clarke frees the arms but mistimes a cut into the ground, shakes his head;
25.1;?;Boult to Clarke, no run around the wicket, back of a length, steered into the covers;
24.6;1;Vettori to Clarke, 1 run flat trajectory, around off stump, cut away for one more to the tally;
24.5;6;Vettori to Clarke, SIX runs six, lofted over long-off, Clarke is writing a nice little script for himself here... Skipped out and timed the ball down the ground, no slogging required;
24.4;2;Vettori to Clarke, 2 runs flatter and worked off the pads through midwicket for a couple - Clarke overtakes Smith;
24.3;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run tossed up, comes forward and plays along the ground to extra cover;
24.2;1;Vettori to Smith, 1 run waits in the crease and steers another single through square;
24.1;1;Vettori to Clarke, 1 run pushed through outside off, Clarke drops back and chops through backward point;
23.6;?;Anderson to Smith, no run tight line outside off, teasing length from Anderson but Smith calmly raises his bat out of the way;
23.5;?;Anderson to Smith, no run full, floaty wide yorker, Smith has to reach for it and McCullum cuts off the drive in the covers;
23.4;2;Anderson to Smith, 2 runs angled on middle and off stump, tucked away into a pocket behind square and Smith hurries back for a second;
23.3;?;Anderson to Smith, no run goes across his stumps and defends a length ball back down the pitch;
23.2;3;Anderson to Clarke, 3 runs pitched up in the channel, leans into a drive and it's briefly aerial but wide of short extra cover, cut off out in the deep;
23.1;1;Anderson to Smith, 1 run shortish and dabbed off the pads towards midwicket, they hustle one more;
23.1;1w;Anderson to Smith, 1 wide over the wicket, dug in very short and there are hoots from the crowd as wide is called;
22.6;4;Henry to Clarke, FOUR runs if you can't go through 'em, try over 'em... full and straight and lofted authoritatively down the ground by Clarke, bottom-handed scoop to long-on for four;
22.5;?;Henry to Clarke, no run similar line, slightly full and Clarke drives, can't get it through the infield again;
22.4;?;Henry to Clarke, no run in the corridor, Clarke punches to the edge of the ring;
22.3;1;Henry to Smith, 1 run continues to drop short, paddled away for another single to Smith;
22.2;3;Henry to Clarke, 3 runs slightly short again, pinged off the back foot through the covers and it looked like fourth boundary for Clarke, his first in front of square... but B-Mac hunts it down and dives to pull it in inches from the rope;
22.1;1;Henry to Smith, 1 run back of a length and pulled from off stump down to fine leg;
21.6;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run outside off, tossed up quite high, leans into a punch that again finds cover;
21.5;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run tossed up outside off and driven along the ground to the extra cover fielder;
21.4;1;Vettori to Smith, 1 run comes forward and tickles one more down the ground;
21.3;1;Vettori to Clarke, 1 run chipped down the ground, Clarke on the walk, there's a man at long-on but it lands well in front of him;
21.2;1;Vettori to Smith, 1 run pushed through a little quicker outside off, waits for it and pushes in front of square;
21.1;?;Vettori to Smith, no run flighted outside off, Smith winds up for a big hit, clubs it into the covers where a diving man cuts it off;
20.6;?;Henry to Clarke, no run slightly short and Clarke short-arms a pull towards mid-on, in the air for a bit and cut off on the bounce;
20.5;1;Henry to Smith, 1 run straighter line and Smith tucks into his favourite scoring shot, glancing a length ball behind square - 100 up for Australia;
20.4;?;Henry to Smith, no run short and rising past Smith's beak outside off, he leans back out of the way;
20.3;1;Henry to Clarke, 1 run not quite full enough to drive outside off, Clarke chops it into the ground and squeezes a single through point;
20.2;?;Henry to Clarke, no run length delivery, gets across and covers up his stumps in defence;
20.1;?;Henry to Clarke, no run trundles in and whirs a full-length delivery on off stump, Clarke punches it back;
19.6;1;Vettori to Clarke, 1 run looped towards leg stump, plenty of air, Clarke comes out to meet it and works one wide of mid-on;
19.5;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run tight line from Vettori, little bit of drift in, Clarke again taps to short extra cover;
19.4;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run tossed up and driven into the covers coming forwards;
19.3;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run length outside off, Clarke lets it come on to the bat, defends to short extra cover;
19.2;1;Vettori to Smith, 1 run gives this some air, dipping towards middle and leg, Smith uses his feet and whips the ball through square;
19.1;1;Vettori to Clarke, 1 run tossed up on the stumps and pushed towards mid-on;
18.6;1;Henry to Clarke, 1 run short of a length, over the stumps, drops back and nurdles one to the leg side;
18.5;4;Henry to Clarke, FOUR runs another hair-raising boundary for Clarke, just beyond the fingertips of gully! Wasn't to the pitch but drove hard at a full ball in the channel, the edge whirred past the horizontal Williamson, I think, in an instant. Would have been another worldie but, then, we've come to expect them from NZ;
18.4;4;Henry to Clarke, FOUR runs flashes and flashes hard, a healthy top edge flies over the cordon, it was a bit too close to cut but he got away with it;
18.3;?;Henry to Clarke, no run full and wide of the stumps this time, mistimes a drive coming forwards;
18.2;?;Henry to Clarke, no run Clarke on strike, so here's the short ball, drops back to defends;
18.1;3;Henry to Smith, 3 runs lovely stroke from Smith, fraction overpitched by Henry and he plants the front foot, picks a gap in the covers;
17.6;2;Southee to Clarke, 2 runs drops short, nasty line of attack and Clarke half-pulls, half-jerks, sends the ball safely down and away through square for a couple;
17.5;?;Southee to Clarke, no run slips this is very full, homing on off stump, Clarke reacts quickly and manages to squeeze it out;
17.4;4;Southee to Clarke, FOUR runs fullish, width and Clarke bites this time, carves a thick outside edge high towards third man... No one out there, of course, and it bounces away to the rope;
17.3;?;Southee to Clarke, no run back over the wicket, pitched up and blocked around off stump;
17.2;1;Southee to Smith, 1 run Smiffy shuffles to the leg side, lights his pipe, tucks the morning paper under his arm and paddles one more through midwicket;
17.1;?;Southee to Smith, no run goes around the wicket to change the angle, full length around off stump, Smith digs it out;
16.6;?;Henry to Clarke, no run on the stumps, played back with a closed face towards mid-on;
16.5;?;Henry to Clarke, no run short and climbing at the batsman, better directed from Henry, Clarke squares up and presents his bat like a shield;
16.4;?;Henry to Clarke, no run tight line around off stump, Clarke sits back and chops into the ground, rolls towards backward point;
16.3;?;Henry to Clarke, no run back of a length, over the stumps, defends form the crease;
16.3;1w;Henry to Clarke, 1 wide steams in and bangs the ball in very short, clearly they're trying to get Clarke a-swaying and a-creaking. Too high again, though;
16.2;?;Henry to Clarke, no run pitched up in the channel outside off, Clarke is not being tempted by those yet;
16.1;1;Henry to Smith, 1 run length ball around the line of off stump, Smith nonchalantly tucks it into the leg side for one more;
15.6;1;Southee to Smith, 1 run in the corridor, slightly shorter, goes back and runs another single off the face down to third man;
15.5;?;Southee to Smith, no run Southee pitches on a good length outside off, Smith gets in line and plays softly in front of square;
15.4;?;Southee to Smith, no run fullish, shuffles across his stumps and defends;
15.3;1;Southee to Clarke, 1 run punched to the left of mid-on and Clarke gets off strike, he was hanging back and didn't hit it cleanly;
15.3;1w;Southee to Clarke, 1 wide slams in a fiery bouncer, Clarke flinches as it climbs through - too high, this time;
15.3;1w;Southee to Clarke, 1 wide Clarke backs away and Southee fires it down wide of the stumps... called wide but that looked marginal;
15.2;?;Southee to Clarke, no run pitched up outside off, presses forward and pushes along the ground to mid-off;
15.1;1;Southee to Smith, 1 run slightly back of a length, Smith waits for it and tucks one more to leg;
14.6;?;Henry to Clarke, no run fullish, holding his line in the channel, Clarke again sits in his crease watchfully and blocks;
14.5;?;Henry to Clarke, no run length around off stump, comes forward and taps into the covers;
14.4;?;Henry to Clarke, no run pitched up around the line of off, Clarke leans into a forward defensive;
14.3;1;Henry to Smith, 1 run on the stumps, length delivery, walks to the off side and tucks to leg;
14.2;?;Henry to Smith, no run goes across and defends solidly this time;
14.1;?;Henry to Smith, no run he's hit the stumps but the bails have stayed on! To be honest, the ball only trickled on to the wicket but still... Smith played back to a length ball, got an inside edge on to his pads and then whirled around to see he was okay;
13.6;?;Boult to Clarke, no run fullish on off stump, Clarke drops his bat on it;
13.5;1;Boult to Smith, 1 run bouncer from Boult, gets up sharply but Smith keeps on top of it and tucks one towards midwicket;
13.4;3;Boult to Clarke, 3 runs leading edge, flies through the covers, NZ hands on heads! The ball was sliding across Clarke and he closed the face on it, a low chance flew between the two men stationed there by B-Mac;
13.3;?;Boult to Clarke, no run fired across the bows outside off, Clarke happy to watch that by as he gets comfortable in the middle;
13.2;1;Boult to Smith, 1 run length delivery on middle and off, tucked short into the leg side and they jog one;
13.1;?;Boult to Smith, no run full and around off, shaping back a touch as Smith plays it moving across his stumps;
12.6;?;Henry to Clarke, no run pitched up a little further, outside off but tailing back in dangerously. Well judged by Clarke as he offer no shot;
12.5;?;Henry to Clarke, no run length in the channel, no deviation off the deck, Clarke blocks again;
12.4;?;Henry to Clarke, no run tight line around off stump, covers his stumps and defends solidly;
12.3;?;Henry to Clarke, no run Henry continues to pound the pitch, Clarke walks across and stands tall to defend;
12.2;W;Henry to Warner, OUT back of a length and pulled again, another top edge - this time there's a man under it! McCullum sent a man back to deep square and Warner took on the challenge, his fire is doused and New Zealand have their second wicket. The ball was banged in, couldn't control the pull and Grant Elliott took a good, low catch running in;David Warner c Elliott b Henry 45 (51m 46b 7x4 0x6) SR: 97.82;
12.1;4;Henry to Warner, FOUR runs cracked off the middle of the bat, Warner swats a short ball through square leg! Another boundary for the Warner dream-killing machine;
11.6;?;Boult to Smith, no run fired across the right-hander from over the wicket, gets in line and defends with soft hands;
11.5;1;Boult to Warner, 1 run drops back and dabs a length ball into the covers to steal one;
11.4;?;Boult to Warner, no run half an appeal, again for lbw! Boult again thinks it was going down the leg side, no inside edge on the replay - Warner again stuck on the crease. Hawk-Eye suggests it would have shaved leg, umpire's call;
11.3;?;Boult to Warner, no run shortish and Warner is perilously close to playing on! Stayed back and hung out a horizontal bat, the thick bottom edge cannoned down wide of the stumps;
11.2;?;Boult to Warner, no run in the channel, tries to play from the crease but mistimes it, rolls back down the track;
11.1;?;Boult to Warner, no run slightly short of a length, around the line of off, played into tthe ground;
10.6;1;Henry to Warner, 1 run continues around the line of off, decent pace from Henry, worked off the pads into a gap at midwicket;
10.5;?;Henry to Warner, no run length on the stumps, punched into the ground and Henry grabs it in his follow through;
10.4;?;Henry to Warner, no run touch short and sliding across the left-hander, 140kph and blocked into the ground towards short extra cover;
10.3;1;Henry to Smith, 1 run fuller length, shuffles across and pushes towards mid-on, they run one to the fielder;
10.2;?;Henry to Smith, no run slightly back of a length, Smith blocks back to the bowler from in front of off;
10.1;?;Henry to Smith, no run around the line of off, defended;
9.6;?;Boult to Warner, no run goes across and defends around the line of off;
9.5;2;Boult to Warner, 2 runs short and in the channel, sits back and uppercuts wide of third man, who gets around to cut it off;
9.4;?;Boult to Warner, no run misses this and struck on the back pad! Boult's arms goes up but he then realises it was probably sliding by... Dharmasena thinks the same. Warner fell over that delivery, heart would have been pounding for a moment;
9.3;4;Boult to Warner, FOUR runs overpitched and creamed through the covers, Warner is racing towards the line. Brings the hands through so fast, piercing the gap;
9.2;1;Boult to Smith, 1 run drops back in the crease and glides a single down to third man;
9.1;?;Boult to Smith, no run length ball, around the line of off stump, goes back and across to defend;
8.6;?;Henry to Warner, no run tight line on off stump, finishes the over well as Warner dabs towards short extra cover;
8.5;?;Henry to Warner, no run Henry has found his line, pitched up a little further, blocked back towards the bowler;
8.4;?;Henry to Warner, no run full again, inviting the drive, punches this into the hands of short extra cover;
8.3;?;Henry to Warner, no run slighlty full, comes forward and pushes into the off side;
8.2;?;Henry to Warner, no run pitched up and this time slapped hard into the covers, straight to the fielder otherwise that was four more;
8.1;4;Henry to Warner, FOUR runs starts with a long hop and Warner has pulled this in the air, yards wide of Anderson at fine leg! Continues to throw the kitchen sink, this was top-edged but nearly went all the way, landed in front of the rope as the fielder realised he wasn't going to make it;
7.6;?;Boult to Smith, no run around the wicket, length around the line of off, Smith gets in line;
7.5;1;Boult to Warner, 1 run drifts on to the pads and Warner clips between midwicket and mid-on for a single;
7.4;?;Boult to Warner, no run back over the wicket, good length and holding its line, defended in front of the wicket;
7.3;1;Boult to Smith, 1 run angled in, gets forward and taps one more in front of square;
7.2;2;Boult to Smith, 2 runs stroked through the covers, slightly full from Boult, the ball no longer moving and driven coming forwards;
7.1;?;Boult to Smith, no run goes around the wicket, digs this in short and Smith goes across to block on off stump;
6.6;?;Vettori to Warner, no run comes forward and taps this into the covers;
6.5;?;Vettori to Warner, no run flatter, quicker and again flicked around the corner to the man at 45;
6.4;?;Vettori to Warner, no run tossed up on leg stump, Warner gets down late and shovels a sweep to backward square leg;
6.3;3;Vettori to Smith, 3 runs pushed through outside off stump and Smith sways back, guides a cut between two fielders, won't quite go all the way;
6.2;?;Vettori to Smith, no run flatter and a touch straighter, stays on off stump and turns short to the on side;
6.1;?;Vettori to Smith, no run flighted outside off, Smith skips out to it and drives firmly to mid-on;
5.6;1;Boult to Smith, 1 run length in the channel, comes forward and drops one into a gap in front of square;
5.5;4;Boult to Smith, FOUR runs put away! Boult drops short and Smith rocks back and dispatches this to the square leg boundary, lazy pull shot, in the old style;
5.4;?;Boult to Smith, no run full and in the channel, shuffles across and mistimes a punch into the covers;
5.3;?;Boult to Smith, no run pitched up on the stumps and again Smith lines it up in defence;
5.2;?;Boult to Smith, no run full and straight again, Smith reaches in front of his pad to check-drive back to mid-on;
5.1;?;Boult to Smith, no run slips in the full ball on off, not quite a yorker, Smith is watchful enough to keep it out without drama;
4.6;1;Southee to Smith, 1 run straighter line, Smith works the ball off his pads for a single to midwicket;
4.5;?;Southee to Smith, no run goes across and is happy to leave a length ball outside off;
4.5;1w;Southee to Smith, 1 wide outside off, shapes away, too far;
4.4;1;Southee to Warner, 1 run length delivery, punched into the off side for a quick single;
4.3;4;Southee to Warner, FOUR runs edged and wide of the sole catcher! What are the chances... no sooner has McCullum gone a touch more defensive, Southee draws an edge, Warner driving at a full ball but it was out of reach of the diving Taylor;
4.2;4;Southee to Warner, FOUR runs short now, kerplunked into the air... but it clears mid-on! Back-to-back boundaries for Warner, not the cleanest connection but it ran away;
4.1;4;Southee to Warner, FOUR runs width, the ball isn't coming back in for Southee, Warner opens his shoulders and slaps another rasping drive through the covers;
3.6;3lb;Boult to Warner, 3 leg byes length but veering towards leg, Boult striving a touch, you feel, Warner flicks it off his hips and they get three as Henry slides on the boundary at fine leg. Australia's dynamo keeps the strike;
3.5;?;Boult to Warner, no run pitched up on middle and leg, defended to the on side from back in the crease;
3.4;?;Boult to Warner, no run sprays this towards leg stump but it just begins to come back at the batsman, stabbed to mid-on;
3.3;4;Boult to Warner, FOUR runs full outside off, Warner is on the walk, spanks a lovely cover drive for the first boundary of the innings;
3.2;?;Boult to Warner, no run slightly back of a length, over the stumps and Warner tries to hoick it to leg, hits the splice and falls towards short midwicket;
3.1;2;Boult to Warner, 2 runs angled in with the arm, Warner hops back and tucks another couple off his hips in front of square;
2.6;1;Southee to Warner, 1 run pitched up, gets forward and dabs another quick single down the ground;
2.5;?;Southee to Warner, no run slightly full and outside the line of off, can't get this one away;
2.4;2;Southee to Warner, 2 runs timing from Warner, he's going to be busy today, unless New Zealand can give him an early finish. Closes the face and punches a fullish ball back past the bowler;
2.3;2;Southee to Warner, 2 runs touch straight from Southee, this is flicked off the pads down to fine leg, where Vettori fields;
2.2;2;Southee to Warner, 2 runs little bit of width, fired across the left-hander and Warner chops a couple through point;
2.1;?;Southee to Warner, no run on the stumps, good length and Warner tucks the ball towards midwicket, throw comes in as he returns to his crease;
1.6;?;Boult to Smith, no run nicely timed but his punch coming forwards rolls to the man at cover;
1.5;?;Boult to Smith, no run full and around off stump to begin with to the new man, shuffles across and defends;
1.4;W;Boult to Finch, OUT inswinger to Finch, played on to his front pad, it loops back to the bowler... got him! There's the first, New Zealand are amongst them! Finch waits for the umpire's raised finger but he knew what was occurring. Tried to tuck a fullish ball off his legs, bat turned in the hands and it ballooned up for a simple catch;Aaron Finch c & b Boult 0 (7m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
1.3;1;Boult to Warner, 1 run pitched up on the stumps, not quite a yorker, tucked into the leg side for a single;
1.2;?;Boult to Warner, no run in the corridor, trying to draw Warner out, doesn't bother with the feet and throws the hands, another play and miss! Swinging for both of them;
1.1;?;Boult to Warner, no run sends this down on a length outside off and Warner has a flash, zips past the edge, definitely some shape there;
0.6;?;Southee to Finch, no run testing line from Southee, Finch has not been in the pink for a few weeks now, hangs his bat out but once again manages to keep it inside the line;
0.5;?;Southee to Finch, no run beaten! Moral victory to Southee - whatever that counts for - as Finch is drawn into pushing at one in the corridor;
0.4;?;Southee to Finch, no run goes a little wider and angles this in towards off stump, holds its line, defended on the front foot;
0.3;?;Southee to Finch, no run in the channel, not doing much through the air or off the pitch, Finch gets a stride in and shoulders arms;
0.2;1;Southee to Warner, 1 run slightly shorter and on the legs, stays back and flicks the first run of the innings down to fine leg;
0.1;?;Southee to Warner, no run starts on a good length, around the line of middle and off, shapes back a fraction as Warner blocks from the crease;

Tim Southee is at the top of his mark, David Warner on strike... Two slips and a gully
Out charge the Black Caps, back into the arena. And here come Finch and Warner, like a couple of Reservoir Dogs - they look like they mean business. The G is resplendent. It is draped in green and gold right now but they'll be black and blue all over if New Zealand manage to cause an upset.
G'day. What has this final got left in the tank? What has this tournament got left? New Zealand are in a hole but Brendon McCullum will know that only half the battle has been waged. Needs some Pacino, inch-by-inch inspiration. "We're in hell right now, gentlemen." Remember the 1983 final, as Sid mentioned; remember the Auckland match between these two teams, when 151 was almost enough for Australia. Cornered Kiwis? I wouldn't want to fight one...
"The first 5 overs could decide the World Cup," suggests Tom, not unreasonably. "Southee and Boult need a couple of quick ones while the ball is new and swinging. If Warner stays in for 10 overs 1/3rd of the target could be gone." Will it swing? It hasn't so far at the G - although it did for Starc. If Boult can coax a few sentences out of his new ball, then Australia won't be doing all the talking.
Right now, they don't need to open their mouths. Pointing at the scoreboard will do. If they close this out - as they should - then there'll be no quibbling about who are the rightful champions.
 Innings Start
New Zealand
Australia
Final (D/N), Melbourne, Mar 29 2015, ICC Cricket World Cup
183
186/3
Player of the match is James Faulkner, AUS
Australia won by 7 wickets (with 101 balls remaining)
