Data
Excellent bowling effort from Pakistan. All credit to Junaid for setting the tone early with a superb opening spell. Credit to Mohammad Hafeez also for some good captaincy and field placements. He gave both Junaid and Amir an extended opening spell. Junaid only bowled in the high 120s for the most part but got the ball to swing prodigiously early. Once early wickets fell, it set up the platform for the spinners to come in and stifle the middle order. Australia's batsmen struggled for the most part against the spinners, some of them playing all around some of the deliveries. The pitch is a bit two-paced but Pakistan made it better for themselves by intelligently varying their pace and sticking to disciplined lines and lengths. Australia have been restricted to a reasonable total. Pakistan's bowlers have done their bit, but it is still only half the job done. Can the batsmen finish it off? Nikhil Kalro will be with you shortly for the chase. That's it from me for this game.
48.2;W;Amir to Faulkner, OUT held at point and that's the end of the innings with four balls remaining. It was a short of good length ball but he is in no position to slap it. Skews it in the air to point where Shafiq settles under it easily;James Faulkner c Asad Shafiq b Mohammad Amir 19 (32m 21b 2x4 0x6) SR: 90.47;
48.1;4;Amir to Faulkner, FOUR runs unintentional boundary. It was a short ball and he was backing away. But the ball follows him and takes the top part of his bat before flying over wher ethe cordon would have been and into the third man boundary;
47.6;?;Junaid to Hazlewood, no run tries a yorker but ends up bowling a low full toss outside off that is driven firmly but straight to cover;
47.5;1;Junaid to Faulkner, 1 run fullish ball, pushes it off the front of the toes towards mid-on;
47.4;?;Junaid to Faulkner, no run short of a length, jumps up and drops it in front of point. Faulkner was off for the single but is sent back by Hazlewood and it's the right call in the end;
47.3;1lb;Junaid to Hazlewood, 1 leg bye tucked off the pads to the backward square leg region and it is vacant there so the wicketkeeper has to run across and gather it. Easy single;
47.2;1;Junaid to Faulkner, 1 run fuller ball outside off, driven firmly to mid-off and he starts off with the single. Jogs initially before realising late that the ball goes to the fielder quite quickly and then ups his pace even as a throw is fired at the non-striker's end that does not hit the stumps;
47.2;1w;Junaid to Faulkner, 1 wide short ball, well-directed, sways out of the line. But it is too short and called a wide;
47.1;?;Junaid to Faulkner, no run slower back of a length ball, tries to open the bat face and run it down and gets very narrowly beaten;
46.6;?;Amir to Hazlewood, no run fuller ball outside off, pushes at it without much feet and the bat turns in his hands slightly as the ball goes to point;
46.5;W;Amir to Cummins, OUT short ball, tries to hook and gets a top-edge as the ball goes to the wicketkeeper. Probably got a glove again and it's a very feeble edge. This time, Cummins walks. Does not bother looking at the umpire as he walks away even as the wicketkeeper starts appealing;Pat Cummins c ?Mohammad Rizwan b Mohammad Amir 0 (6m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
46.4;1;Amir to Faulkner, 1 run fullish and angling across outside off, gets a good stride across and drops it in front of point with bat close to pad;
46.3;?;Amir to Faulkner, no run yorker outside off, dug out straight back to the bowler;
46.2;4;Amir to Faulkner, FOUR runs back of a length on leg stump channel, jumps up and turns it behind square to the deep fine leg boundary;
46.1;?;Amir to Faulkner, no run slower ball, angled across outside off, tries to open his bat face and run it down to third man and does not make contact;
45.6;?;Junaid to Cummins, no run;
45.5;?;Junaid to Cummins, no run appeal for caught behind and not given. That really seemed out as there was a clear noise. HotSpot shows a clear mark and snicko also confirms the outside edge. It was short of good length and angling away. Cummins was trying to slap it away but there is not quite enough room and he skews it to the wicketkeeper. Pakistan does not have a review left;
45.4;W;Junaid to Starc, OUT slower full ball and some good fielding by Junaid. He is having a dream comeback game. It was full and Starc was trying to clip it away but inside-edges it to the pad and the ball just rolls away. He looks for a non-existent single and it does not help that Faulkner is a tad unresponsive. Sent back late and Junaid picks it up and nails a direct hit;Mitchell Starc run out (Junaid Khan) 3 (9m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 60;
45.3;1;Junaid to Faulkner, 1 run fuller ball, angled across, holding its line outside off this time and it is crunched to mid-off;
45.2;?;Junaid to Faulkner, no run short of a length and angling away, keeps lower than expected but Faulkner manages to keep it out to the off side;
45.1;1;Junaid to Starc, 1 run full and angling on leg, tries to clip it and gets an inside edge on the pad, stifled appeal for lbw. Got a little bit of reverse there;
44.6;?;Imad Wasim to Faulkner, no run fired quicker and straighter, on middle, pushed gently back to the bowler;
44.5;?;Imad Wasim to Faulkner, no run flat and on a length, 101.6 kph, pushed into the off side off the front foot;
44.4;1;Imad Wasim to Starc, 1 run fuller ball, eased down to long-on;
44.3;?;Imad Wasim to Starc, no run short of a length ball, delivered at some pace, defended from the crease;
44.2;1;Imad Wasim to Faulkner, 1 run sort and wide, cut square of the wicket;
44.1;2;Imad Wasim to Faulkner, 2 runs fuller and sliding in on leg with the arm, nicely places the tuck between deep midwicket and deep backward square leg;
43.6;1;Malik to Faulkner, 1 run stays back and works it to midwicket. It was a length ball and kept slightly low but he manages to jam his bat down and make contact;
43.5;1;Malik to Starc, 1 run sliding in with the arm on leg stump line, gets an inside edge on the pad and the ball goes away to deep square leg;
43.4;W;Malik to Wade, OUT goes through the gate. Wade's troubled stay against spin comes to an end. Played all around it. Attacking line and on the stumps. Wade pushes forward awkwardly, leaves a big gap between bat and pad and the ball sneaks through that gap to take out middle stump;Matthew Wade b Shoaib Malik 35 (72m 56b 3x4 0x6) SR: 62.5;
43.3;1;Malik to Faulkner, 1 run tucked off the backfoot to deep midwicket. There are fielders at both deep midwicket and deep square leg and it will only be a single;
43.2;1;Malik to Wade, 1 run advances down the ground and nearly yorks himself but manages to push it down to long-on;
43.1;1;Malik to Faulkner, 1 run tries to flick from outside off and closes the bat face early. Gets a leading edge but because he went at it with soft hands, it goes along the ground towards mid-off;
42.6;1lb;Imad Wasim to Faulkner, 1 leg bye down the leg side, tries to flick it but the ball brushes the pad and goes away behind the stumps;
42.5;1;Imad Wasim to Wade, 1 run width on offer outside off, carves it square of the wicket from the crease;
42.4;1;Imad Wasim to Faulkner, 1 run fullish and on the pads, pushed to wide long-on;
42.3;W;Imad Wasim to Smith, OUT good length ball that is delivered at a slower pace and Smith is through with the shot early. Gets an inside edge as he comes forward looking to force it through the off side and the ball crashes into the stumps. Done in by the lack of pace;Steven Smith b Imad Wasim 60 (155m 101b 2x4 0x6) SR: 59.4;
42.2;2;Imad Wasim to Smith, 2 runs comes down the track and pushes it past the bowler who dives to his right. A half-chance for the bowler but he cannot get his hands to it, probably didn't get down low enough. Long-on dives to his left in the deep and pulls it back;
42.1;2;Imad Wasim to Smith, 2 runs shorter ball, pulled hard to deep midwicket and long-on runs across and does well to slide in and cut it off;
42.1;5w;Imad Wasim to Smith, 5 wide fired down the leg side, Smith gets down and tries to scoop it but the ball drifts down leg and he cannot make contact. The wicketkeeper also cannot get his hands to it as it is bowled at a poor line;
41.6;1;Malik to Smith, 1 run flashes hard but does not really get hold of it as he carves it over the covers region and the ball goes on the bounce to the man guarding the sweeper cover fence;
41.5;?;Malik to Smith, no run length ball on leg, turned away to midwicket;
41.4;1;Malik to Wade, 1 run comes down the track and gets leg side of it before he tucks this away to midwicket as it dips late;
41.3;?;Malik to Wade, no run comes forward to this length ball and steers it to point;
41.2;2;Malik to Wade, 2 runs shuffles back and across before whipping it away through midwicket. They call early for the second and charge back to complete it. Good running;
41.1;1;Malik to Smith, 1 run comes down the track and takes it on the full before whipping it away to deep midwicket;
40.6;1;Imad Wasim to Smith, 1 run walks into the shot as he comes down the track and pushes it to long-off;
40.5;1;Imad Wasim to Wade, 1 run short and wide, slaps it away off the backfoot square of the wicket;
40.4;?;Imad Wasim to Wade, no run slashes hard at this fullish ball that is angled across and gets beaten. Struggling for timing here;
40.3;?;Imad Wasim to Wade, no run tries to reverse sweep this flatter ball that is pushed across on off and does not make contact;
40.2;?;Imad Wasim to Wade, no run arm ball at 96.3, fired wide and flat and beats the attempted cut;
40.1;1;Imad Wasim to Smith, 1 run good length on off, no turn, punched off the front foot to long-off;
39.6;?;Malik to Wade, no run pitches on leg and straightens, Wade uses his wrists to guide it to the off side but cannot find the gap;
39.5;1;Malik to Smith, 1 run pushed across on a length outside off, waits for it in the crease and whips it off the backfoot to deep square leg;
39.4;1;Malik to Wade, 1 run sliding in with the arm on leg stump, runs it to cover-point for a quick single;
39.3;?;Malik to Wade, no run guides it to point but cannot find the gap. Smith is in a hurry looking for a single but has to go back;
39.2;?;Malik to Wade, no run floated up outside off, tries to drill it hard and straight but cannot time it well;
39.1;1;Malik to Smith, 1 run pitched up on the stumps, clipped behind square;
38.6;?;Hasan Ali to Wade, no run fullish outside off, driven firmly straight to mid-off;
38.5;4;Hasan Ali to Wade, FOUR runs beautiful placement. Juicy half-volley that is fired straight on the stumps and Wade uses his wrists and uses them perfectly to get it wide of the bowler and at the same tim comfortably beat mid-on;
38.4;?;Hasan Ali to Wade, no run fuller ball outside off, drops it in front of points and walks a step or two forward looking for the single but cannot take it as it goes straight to the fielder;
38.3;1;Hasan Ali to Smith, 1 run fuller ball on middle, clipped away to deep midwicket. And that's the fifty for Smith. He has had to grind it out for this fifty. But job only half-done as Australia need him to stay on;
38.2;?;Hasan Ali to Smith, no run tries to play the pull shot against this back of a length ball but it gets slightly big on him and he is beaten by pace as it comes on a tad quicker so he skews it off the splice to mid-on;
38.1;?;Hasan Ali to Smith, no run walks across to meet this fuller ball outside off and drives it straight to mid-off;
37.6;?;Malik to Wade, no run punched off the backfoot to mid-off;
37.5;1;Malik to Smith, 1 run tucked behind square off the pads;
37.4;?;Malik to Smith, no run shifts back in the crease, not much turn from the length region and he turns it away to square leg;
37.3;1;Malik to Wade, 1 run turns it away to square leg for a quick single;
37.2;?;Malik to Wade, no run some bounce and turn from the short of a length region around off, Wade is a bit taken aback and manages to drop it with soft hands into the off side;
37.1;?;Malik to Wade, no run pitched up outside off, driven into the off side;
36.6;?;Hasan Ali to Smith, no run fullish length ball outside off, gets a long way across and defends with bat close to pad back to the bowler;
36.5;2;Hasan Ali to Smith, 2 runs fuller ball outside off, clips it wide of deep midwicket and the deep square leg fielder had to cover some ground running to his left. They had the chance to take three, but settle down for two;
36.4;1;Hasan Ali to Wade, 1 run short of a length, does not get the timing right as he swivels around and pulls to deep midwicket;
36.3;?;Hasan Ali to Wade, no run length ball outside off, gets up more than he anticipates but he negotiates the bounce well and drops it with soft hands into the off side;
36.2;?;Hasan Ali to Wade, no run fuller ball outside off, pushed off the front foot into covers;
36.1;?;Hasan Ali to Wade, no run short of a length on the stumps, blocked off the backfoot back to the bowler;
35.6;?;Hafeez to Smith, no run short of a length, no turn again, whips it off the backfoot to midwicket;
35.5;?;Hafeez to Smith, no run fuller and on the stumps, skews it off the splice on the front foot push to the bowler;
35.4;1;Hafeez to Wade, 1 run gets down to sweep and the ball is a tad shorter so he guides it with a flat bat towards backward square leg;
35.3;?;Hafeez to Wade, no run loopy delivery, angling in with the arm on leg stump, blocked off the front foot to the bowler;
35.2;1;Hafeez to Smith, 1 run short of a length, not much turn, stays on the backfoot and turns this away to midwicket;
35.1;?;Hafeez to Smith, no run pitched up on the stumps, pushed off the front foot into the leg side;
34.6;?;Amir to Wade, no run left alone in the channel outside off;
34.5;4;Amir to Wade, FOUR runs gets an outside edge as he tries to slash at this short of a length ball and the ball goes away wide of the cordon quickly down to the third man boundary;
34.4;?;Amir to Wade, no run walks across to the stumps and advances down early. Amir adjusts well and drops it short and Wade is forced to drop it with soft hands into the off side;
34.3;?;Amir to Wade, no run fuller ball, pushed to mid-off;
34.2;1;Amir to Smith, 1 run shuffles across the stumps to this wider ball and dabs it with soft hands to third man;
34.1;1;Amir to Wade, 1 run short of a length outside off, slapped off the backfoot to square third man;
33.6;?;Hafeez to Smith, no run fullish ball, pushes it to mid-on and walks down a step or two as he thinks of the single but the fielder makes a very good, diving stop and they don't take the run;
33.5;1;Hafeez to Wade, 1 run flighted on the stumps, driven off the front foot to long-off;
33.4;?;Hafeez to Wade, no run comes down the track and pushes this into the off side;
33.3;4;Hafeez to Wade, FOUR runs comes down the track, it's a short of a length ball but he still has enough time to lay into a pull shot;
33.2;?;Hafeez to Wade, no run comes forward to this fuller ball and pushes it back to the bowler;
33.1;?;Hafeez to Wade, no run fuller and on the stumps, clipped straight to forward short leg;
32.6;1;Amir to Wade, 1 run fuller ball, driven straight to extra cover. The batsmen put pressure on the fielder and set off for the single and there is a misfield which takes the run out out of the equation;
32.5;1;Amir to Smith, 1 run good length, wide outside off, moves across and uses his wrists to tuck it to the leg side;
32.4;1;Amir to Wade, 1 run short of a length, angling in from outside off, lets it come on before opening the face of his bat to steer it to third man;
32.3;1;Amir to Smith, 1 run fuller ball, clipped away to deep midwicket;
32.2;?;Amir to Smith, no run;
32.1;?;Amir to Smith, no run short of a length outside off, moves across and defends into the off side;
31.6;2;Hafeez to Wade, 2 runs comes down the track and whips this with the angle through square leg;
31.6;1w;Hafeez to Wade, 1 wide pushed in to the left-hander but the drift takes it way down the leg side and Wade can't make contact on the tuck;
31.5;1;Hafeez to Smith, 1 run tucked off the backfoot to deep midwicket;
31.4;1;Hafeez to Wade, 1 run flighted outside off, mid-off lets it go and they take the single;
31.3;1;Hafeez to Smith, 1 run fuller ball, works it to long-on;
31.2;?;Hafeez to Smith, no run;
31.1;?;Hafeez to Smith, no run flat and straight outside off, comes forward and defends back to the bowler;
30.6;?;Imad Wasim to Wade, no run flat short of a length ball, punched off the backfoot back to the right of the bowler;
30.5;?;Imad Wasim to Wade, no run good length ball that is pushed across quicker and keeps low outside off, Wade shuffles across and bunts it off the backfoot;
30.4;?;Imad Wasim to Wade, no run gets down low to sweep early and manages to put bat to ball but it is a tad straight and he cannot beat short fine leg;
30.3;?;Imad Wasim to Wade, no run comes forward to this fuller ball that is angled across from around the wicket and pushes it into covers;
30.2;1;Imad Wasim to Smith, 1 run gives it too much air and bowls a low full toss that is driven straight down the ground;
30.1;?;Imad Wasim to Smith, no run loopy tossed up ball, sliding in on leg with the arm, turned behind to short fine leg;
29.6;1;Hafeez to Smith, 1 run worked to deep midwicket;
29.5;?;Hafeez to Smith, no run good length ball, punched off the backfoot towards midwicket;
29.4;1;Hafeez to Wade, 1 run comes down the track and nudges it wide of mid-on;
29.3;1;Hafeez to Smith, 1 run flighted and sliding in with the arm, turned away to midwicket;
29.2;1;Hafeez to Wade, 1 run sees a little width outside off and slaps this square of the wicket;
29.1;?;Hafeez to Wade, no run nudged to the on side;
28.6;?;Imad Wasim to Smith, no run flatter short of a length ball, does not get up much, pushed cautiously off the front foot to covers;
28.5;?;Imad Wasim to Smith, no run clipped behind square on the leg side and the wicketkeeper runs across and fields it;
28.4;1;Imad Wasim to Wade, 1 run shorter and width outside off, punched off the backfoot through backward point;
28.3;?;Imad Wasim to Wade, no run another appeal for caught behind and this time given. But Australia have reviewed it. Wade was pretty quick in reviewing it. Pushed across to the left-hander and rushes him with pace. Wade is caught on neither foot and walks across after being opened up as he tries to stick his bat out. Replays show that there is no bat involved as confirmed by both HotSpot and snicko and the on-field decision is reversed. The ball actually brushed the flap of the pad which produced the noise. Good review;
28.2;?;Imad Wasim to Wade, no run optimistic appeal for caught behind but not given. Wade is done in by the drift that takes the ball away and gets beaten as he sticks his bat at it;
28.1;1;Imad Wasim to Smith, 1 run very full ball that is angled in at a flat trajectory, clipped away to deep square leg;
27.6;?;Hafeez to Wade, no run rapped on the pads and appeal for lbw. Turned down by the umpire. It was a length ball and angling in and Wade was shifting on the backfoot looking to flick it away. Hit on the pad but the angle seems to suggest it was missing leg;
27.5;1;Hafeez to Smith, 1 run flighted on off and middle, comes forward and gently pushes it to long-on;
27.4;1;Hafeez to Wade, 1 run comes down the track to take this flatter ball on the full and whips it away wide of mid-on;
27.3;?;Hafeez to Wade, no run flighted, loopy delivery around off, pushed towards mid-on off the front foot;
27.2;1;Hafeez to Smith, 1 run fuller ball, presses forward and works it down to long-on;
27.1;1;Hafeez to Wade, 1 run flighted and sliding in on leg, tries to flick it away and that was a chance. It was in the air as it went to the right of the forward short leg fielder. Went quite quickly and he had little to no time to react to it. Very tough chance;
26.6;?;Imad Wasim to Smith, no run ends a probing over with a good length ball that is defended back towards him off the front foot;
26.5;?;Imad Wasim to Smith, no run tries to flick this fuller ball into the leg side but he is beaten by pace and the ball goes off the pad into the off side, towards the point region;
26.4;?;Imad Wasim to Smith, no run back of a length and on the stumps, punched off the backfoot to the left of the bowler who runs across and fields it;
26.3;1;Imad Wasim to Wade, 1 run pushed across the left-hander quicket at 96.2kph. Forces Wade to come forward and go after it and he gets a thickish outside edge that goes away towards third man;
26.2;W;Imad Wasim to Maxwell, OUT knocked him over. Quicker ball from Wsim and Maxwell charges down the track and the bat hits the pad as he tris to force it through the off-side. Does not make contact with the ball as a result and it goes through to take out the stumps;Glenn Maxwell b Imad Wasim 23 (34m 26b 2x4 1x6) SR: 88.46;
26.1;?;Imad Wasim to Maxwell, no run quicker ball on middle, turned away to midwicket;
25.6;1;Hafeez to Maxwell, 1 run strides forward and meets the pitch of this fullish ball to push it into the covers area;
25.5;1;Hafeez to Smith, 1 run length ball, knocks it out to deep midwicket;
25.4;1;Hafeez to Maxwell, 1 run flatter and on a length, tucked away to square leg;
25.3;1;Hafeez to Smith, 1 run whips this back of a length ball off the backfoot to long-on;
25.2;?;Hafeez to Smith, no run slightly short of a length, punched off the backfoot to the right of the bowler who gets down to his right and gets a hand to it;
25.1;1;Hafeez to Maxwell, 1 run pushed across on middle stump from around the wicket. Pushed off the front foot through extra cover;
24.6;?;Imad Wasim to Smith, no run gets a good stride forward and defends this fullish length ball into the off side;
24.5;1;Imad Wasim to Maxwell, 1 run given air and pitched up on off, eased off the front foot to long-off and they jog the single;
24.4;1;Imad Wasim to Smith, 1 run steered to deep backward point with an open bat face;
24.4;1w;Imad Wasim to Smith, 1 wide fired down the leg side, Smith cannot make contact on the attempted glance and the wicketkeeper collects it well as he anticipates early and moves to his left;
24.3;?;Imad Wasim to Smith, no run good length ball, tucked to midwicket where there is a slight fumble by the fielder but no damage down;
24.2;1;Imad Wasim to Maxwell, 1 run shorter in length, shifts back and slaps it out to sweeper cover;
24.1;?;Imad Wasim to Maxwell, no run sliding in quicker on leg, at 96kph, dabbed to the leg side;
23.6;?;Hafeez to Smith, no run good length on the stumps, tucked to midwicket. No run there;
23.5;1;Hafeez to Maxwell, 1 run tucked to the on side, just wide of midwicket and they think of the second run again. But Maxwell perhaps just stumbled for a moment there and deep square leg runs in and gathers it by then;
23.4;1;Hafeez to Smith, 1 run short of a length and some width outside off, shuffles across and eases it down to long-on with an angled bat;
23.3;?;Hafeez to Smith, no run flatter ball, pushed through on middle and leg, clipped away to midwicket;
23.2;1;Hafeez to Maxwell, 1 run length ball that pitches on leg, tucked to midwicket. Runs the first one hard but has to settle for one as the ball goes straight to the fielder;
23.1;6;Hafeez to Maxwell, SIX runs shot. Springs down the track. The ball is flighted just enough for him to get right on top of that and loft it clean and powerfully over deep midwicket. Clears the boundary by a distance;
22.6;?;Imad Wasim to Smith, no run flatter fullish length ball, comes forward and pushes it into covers;
22.5;1;Imad Wasim to Maxwell, 1 run cut square of the wicket to deep point;
22.4;?;Imad Wasim to Maxwell, no run flat short of a length ball that is pushed through quicker, nearly 100 kph, defended off the backfoot to the bowler;
22.3;1;Imad Wasim to Smith, 1 run short of a length ball, makes room and punches off the backfoot down to long-off;
22.2;?;Imad Wasim to Smith, no run loopy flighted ball that is angled in on middle and leg, Smith caresses it to the leg side;
22.1;2;Imad Wasim to Smith, 2 runs pitched up on the stumps, clipped away to deep square leg;
21.6;1;Hasan Ali to Smith, 1 run fullish length ball, works it to square leg and there is no one there. The bowler jogs across to field it and they think momentarily of the second but decide against it;
21.5;?;Hasan Ali to Smith, no run short of a length ball, tries to fetch a pull from outside off and gets an under-edge as the ball goes towards mid-on;
21.4;?;Hasan Ali to Smith, no run good length, around a set of stumps outside off, walks across and defends it down the pitch;
21.3;?;Hasan Ali to Smith, no run strides forward to this fuller ball and drives it to covers;
21.2;?;Hasan Ali to Smith, no run short of a length ball, walks across and tries to flick it to the leg side but it bounces more than he anticipates and gets it off the top part of the bat into the off side;
21.1;?;Hasan Ali to Smith, no run walks across to this length ball and bunts it down the pitch where mid-on fields it;
20.6;1;Hafeez to Smith, 1 run fuller ball, clipped to deep midwicket;
20.5;1;Hafeez to Maxwell, 1 run just short of the fielder at deep backward square leg. Short ball from Hafeez and Maxwell does not get hold of the pull shot. Does not keep it along the ground but luckily for him it falls in front of the fielder as he comes running in;
20.4;?;Hafeez to Maxwell, no run comes down the track to meet the pitch of this flatter ball and pushes it wide of mid-on who makes a good stop;
20.3;?;Hafeez to Maxwell, no run flatter ball on the stumps, turned away to midwicket;
20.2;4;Hafeez to Maxwell, FOUR runs there's the reverse sweep. Pitched up on middle and leg and Maxwell crunches it through backward point;
20.1;?;Hafeez to Maxwell, no run pitched up at a flatter trajectory, clipped to the left of square leg;
19.6;2;Hasan Ali to Smith, 2 runs shorter ball, pulls it, this time to cow corner and more work for the deep midwicket fielder;
19.5;2;Hasan Ali to Smith, 2 runs short ball, shuffles across and swivels around with the pull to deep square leg. Deep midwicket runs to his right and picks it up;
19.4;?;Hasan Ali to Smith, no run shuffles across to this full ball and leaves it as it holds its line outside off;
19.3;?;Hasan Ali to Smith, no run defends this good length ball into the off side from the crease;
19.2;?;Hasan Ali to Smith, no run walks across the stumps and defends it down the pitch, to the left of the bowler;
19.1;?;Hasan Ali to Smith, no run walks across to protect the off stump before leaving this full delivery in the channel outside off;
18.6;?;Hafeez to Maxwell, no run clipped straight to square leg. No run there;
18.5;1;Hafeez to Smith, 1 run eased down to long-on off the backfoot;
18.4;3lb;Hafeez to Maxwell, 3 leg byes appeal for lbw but not given and the ball races away behind the stumps before it is pulled back before the ropes. Hafeez has decided to review this. Maxwell was coming charging down and misses it and looks to half-heartedly flick. Misses as the ball spins in, hits him on the pad and the ball evades the keeper as well. Replays show that the ball has struck him outside off. And now they check if the ball has been pulled back fine and Junaid has done just fine;
18.3;?;Hafeez to Maxwell, no run comes down the track to take this on the full and nudges it to midwicket;
18.2;?;Hafeez to Maxwell, no run length ball, spinning in, tucked to square leg off the backfoot;
18.1;1;Hafeez to Smith, 1 run comes forward and pushes this pitched up ball to mid-on who comes up with a clumsy effort, gets half-down to his left and lets it go. Lazy effort;
17.6;4;Hasan Ali to Maxwell, FOUR runs fuller ball outside off and that is a beautiful cover drive. Comes forward and crunches it through the off-side. Did not try to hit it too hard. Just leans forward, uses the pace of the bowler and caresses it;
17.5;?;Hasan Ali to Maxwell, no run short of a length, tailing back in late but Maxwell is sure of his off-stump and trusts the bounce on that one to lift his bat and let it go to the wicketkeeper;
17.4;?;Hasan Ali to Maxwell, no run angles it in on a length and Maxwell wears it on the pad as he misses the flick;
17.3;?;Hasan Ali to Maxwell, no run fullish length ball just outside off, Maxwell leaves it alone;
17.2;W;Hasan Ali to Head, OUT and the bowler has the last laugh. Hasan Ali celebrates with a jump and a pump of the fists. Follows up the short ball with a fuller delivery outside off, forcing Head to go after it and try to drive through covers. The batsman falls for the trap and gets a healthy edge for his troubles. Rizwan catches it without fuss behind the stumps;Travis Head c ?Mohammad Rizwan b Hasan Ali 29 (36m 31b 5x4 0x6) SR: 93.54;
17.1;4;Hasan Ali to Head, FOUR runs short ball, banged in but it is far too short and does not bounce enough to unsettle the batsman as Head swivels around with the pull and the ball goes to the deep midwicket boundary, beating the fielder running across from deep square leg;
16.6;1;Hafeez to Head, 1 run whipped off the backfoot down to long-on;
16.5;?;Hafeez to Head, no run pushed straight back to the bowler;
16.4;?;Hafeez to Head, no run backs away but the bowler follows him with a length ball. Tries to force it through the leg side but finds the inside edge;
16.3;?;Hafeez to Head, no run flat length ball, comes forward and pushes it back to the bowler;
16.2;1;Hafeez to Smith, 1 run gets his front leg across and dabs this pitched up ball through midwicket;
16.1;?;Hafeez to Smith, no run waits for it to come on before turning it away to square leg;
15.6;?;Hasan Ali to Head, no run slower full ball outside off, drills it straight down the ground but this time the shot does not have enough power in it for the ball to beat the diving mid-off fielder;
15.5;2;Hasan Ali to Head, 2 runs good running, tucks this ball off the backfoot through the vacant midwicket region and they have enough time to hare back for the second by the time square leg can run across and pick it up;
15.4;?;Hasan Ali to Head, no run predictable response from the bowler. Bangs one in short and angles away, Head arches back and gets his head out of the line of the ball;
15.3;4;Hasan Ali to Head, FOUR runs fuller ball outside off, around a set of stumps wide, and Head crunches a straight drive, lets it come on and times the straight drive as the ball comfortably beats mid-off running to his left;
15.2;?;Hasan Ali to Head, no run fuller ball, pushed firmly to the left of mid-off who runs across and slides to stop it clean;
15.1;1;Hasan Ali to Smith, 1 run length ball, angling in on off, tucked between midwicket and mid-on;
14.6;?;Imad Wasim to Head, no run stays back to this short of a length ball and whips it back to the bowler;
14.5;?;Imad Wasim to Head, no run comes forward and defends to covers where the fielder makes a diving save to prevent the single;
14.4;1;Imad Wasim to Smith, 1 run comes forward and defends to covers where the fielder makes a diving save to prevent the single;
14.3;1;Imad Wasim to Head, 1 run flighted ball on off, comes forward to meet the pitch and gets it wide of mid-off for a quick single;
14.2;?;Imad Wasim to Head, no run worked back to the bowler;
14.1;1;Imad Wasim to Smith, 1 run comes forward and eases this pitched up ball to long-on;
13.6;1;Hasan Ali to Smith, 1 run punched off the backfoot square of the wicket through the off-side;
13.5;?;Hasan Ali to Smith, no run tries to slap this short and wide ball but he walked across his stumps so ended up getting cramped for room. That one also bounced more than he anticipated, so he gets beaten;
13.4;1lb;Hasan Ali to Head, 1 leg bye short of a length ball, angled across, tries to flick it away and does not make contact as the ball goes to the slip cordon after hitting the pad. They run the leg bye even as a stifled appeal is made for lbw but that pitched outside leg;
13.3;?;Hasan Ali to Head, no run fuller ball on leg stump, drills a powerful on drive but straight to the fielder at mid-on;
13.2;?;Hasan Ali to Head, no run short of a length outside off, is pushed back and jumps up to ride the bounce and again does not find the middle of the bat as he chops the backfoot defence into the turf;
13.1;?;Hasan Ali to Head, no run fuller ball, holding its line on off after being angled across from over the stumps, Head inside-edges the front foot push to the pads;
12.6;1;Imad Wasim to Head, 1 run pushed across on a fullish length to the left-hander, Head presses forward and pushes this through covers;
12.5;1;Imad Wasim to Smith, 1 run shifts back in the crease to this length ball and nudges it to midwicket;
12.4;1;Imad Wasim to Head, 1 run pitched up on leg stump channel, presses forward and eases it down to long-on;
12.3;?;Imad Wasim to Head, no run fullish on leg stump, pushed back to the bowler;
12.2;1;Imad Wasim to Smith, 1 run floated up and sliding in with the arm, Smith looks to flick it away and gets an inside edge to short fine leg;
12.1;?;Imad Wasim to Smith, no run pitched up outside off, Smith presses forward and crunches a drive but straight to cover;
11.6;?;Junaid to Head, no run defended straight back to the bowler;
11.5;4;Junaid to Head, FOUR runs powerful drive through the off-side. Fuller and outside off and Head leans into the drive as he gets it to the left of the fielder at short cover who is late to get down and the ball sneaks from underneath his hands;
11.4;?;Junaid to Head, no run good length ball on the fifth-stump channel and Head sticks his bat out. But that one really kicks up from the length area and beats the outside edge as Head sticks his bat out;
11.3;2;Junaid to Head, 2 runs comes forward to meet the pitch of this length ball and drills it through extra cover;
11.2;4;Junaid to Head, FOUR runs back of a length ball outside off, frees his arms to crunch a cut shot and there is no chance for the fielder at point as he has picked the gap perfectly;
11.1;?;Junaid to Head, no run tries to slap this short of a length ball from the fifth-stump channel into the off-side but gets an inside-edge and chops it;
10.6;?;Amir to Smith, no run moves across to get on top of this short of a length ball and drops it in front of cover who comes charging in to pick it up. Loud call for no from Smith;
10.5;?;Amir to Smith, no run shuffles across and lets it go outside off;
10.4;?;Amir to Smith, no run covers the off-stump and lets this fullish ball that is angled across from over the wicket to the wicketkeeper;
10.3;4;Amir to Smith, FOUR runs beauty. Smith is batting on a different plane here. A fraction short and a little bit wide and Smith covers the off-stump before slapping it gloriously through point;
10.2;1;Amir to Head, 1 run tucked to midwicket;
10.1;?;Amir to Head, no run what a gem of a delivery! Fuller and hits the seam and nips away from the batsman late and Head has no clue about that as the ball misses the outside edge by a whisker. Head acknowledges it;
9.6;?;Junaid to Smith, no run back of a length outside off, shuffles across and defends;
9.5;?;Junaid to Smith, no run left alone in the channel outside off;
9.4;?;Junaid to Smith, no run walks across the stumps again and meets this fuller ball outside off before bunting it back towards the bowler;
9.3;?;Junaid to Smith, no run shuffles across early and Amir adjusts his line to bowl it full and straighter and Smith clips it away to the leg side;
9.2;?;Junaid to Smith, no run switches back to the fullish length outside off and Smith walks across and lets it go. Pakistan bowling to a definite plan here;
9.1;4;Junaid to Smith, FOUR runs walks across and gets on top of this short of a length ball and punches it firmly off the backfoot through mid-off. The extra cover fielder puts in a vain slide that was never going to be enough;
8.6;4;Amir to Head, FOUR runs outside edge to the third man boundary. Australia skating on thin ice here. Good length ball wide outside off, flashes at it and gets it wide of the cordon and it goes quite square to the third man fence;
8.5;W;Amir to Marsh, OUT and now Amir has one. Marsh has picked cover with a loose drive first ball. Amir has done superbly to fire a tempter outside off, forcing the batsman to lean across and reach out. Marsh is no good position, arches up as he plays the drive, meaning there was no way he was going to keep that down. Sends it straight into the hands of Imad Wasim at short cover;Mitchell Marsh c Imad Wasim b Mohammad Amir 0 (4m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
8.4;1;Amir to Smith, 1 run length ball on the leg stump channel this time, tucked off the pads to square leg;
8.3;?;Amir to Smith, no run persists with the full and wide strategy as he tries to get the batsman to drive away from the body but Smith continues to walk across and is content to let the ball go;
8.2;?;Amir to Smith, no run walks across to protect the off-stump with a fuller ball that is nicely angled away. That is a tempting line to make the batsman play but Smith is equal to the task and lets it go;
8.1;?;Amir to Smith, no run fuller ball that is quite wide outside off, Smith shuffles across and lets it go;
7.6;W;Junaid to Khawaja, OUT Usman Khawaja has edged to first slip but he stands his ground and the umpires go upstairs to check if it's a clean catch. That's a fantastic catch from Sharjeel. It was a good length ball, just outside off and Khawaja was shaping up to slap it through backward point. But there was not enough room to free his arms and he gets a thick outside edge. Sharjeel gets down to his left and snaffles a superb catch. And it is clean. No doubts there and Khawaja has to go back. What a start to Junaid's comeback game!;Usman Khawaja c Sharjeel Khan b Junaid Khan 17 (39m 21b 1x4 0x6) SR: 80.95;
7.5;?;Junaid to Khawaja, no run good length ball outside off, driven off the front foot into the covers region;
7.4;4;Junaid to Khawaja, FOUR runs rolls his fingers over the seam and bowls a slower full ball outside off, Khawaja pushes forward and goes after it with soft hands. Gets an outside edge that bounces well before the man at first slip and goes away to his left. Not the best of efforts from the fielder there, could a dive have perhaps helped stop it? The ball runs away to the third man boundary;
7.3;?;Junaid to Khawaja, no run fuller ball, picks it up from outside off and turns it away to midwicket where the fielder dives to make the stop;
7.2;3;Junaid to Smith, 3 runs back of a length outside off, shuffles across and jumps back as he stands tall and punches it through the covers region;
7.1;1;Junaid to Khawaja, 1 run wide outside off, comes forward and works it wide of cover-point who makes a diving save;
6.6;?;Amir to Smith, no run switches angles to around the wicket and fires a length ball on the stumps that is knocked back to the bowler;
6.5;?;Amir to Smith, no run good length ball, outside off, moves across and defends back to the bowler;
6.4;?;Amir to Smith, no run shuffles across and works it back to the bowler;
6.3;1;Amir to Khawaja, 1 run fuller ball, uses the angle to turn it away to deep backward square leg;
6.2;?;Amir to Khawaja, no run back of a length ball, drops it into the off side;
6.1;?;Amir to Khawaja, no run back of a length ball outside off, drops it in front of point, thinks of the single before decifing against it;
5.6;?;Junaid to Smith, no run fuller ball, wide outside off, Smith moves across a long way to cover his off-stump before letting it go;
5.5;W;Junaid to Warner, OUT and he finally gets his man. This is good bowling from Junaid. Gets it to shape away just a tad from the back of a length region after tempting the batsman to go after it by offering enough width. Warner chases it with an angled bat and skews it off the outside edge to the wicketkeeper;David Warner c ?Mohammad Rizwan b Junaid Khan 16 (27m 22b 1x4 0x6) SR: 72.72;
5.4;?;Junaid to Warner, no run short of a length ball outside off, steered with an open bat face towards backward point;
5.3;?;Junaid to Warner, no run fuller ball, presses forward and pushes it to the right of the bowler who gathers it and does a mock throw towards the batsman. Staredown between batsman and bowler, met with a chorus of boos from the MCG crowd;
5.3;1w;Junaid to Warner, 1 wide sprays it down the leg side and called a wide;
5.2;?;Junaid to Warner, no run outside edge, or is there? Appeal from Junaid as Warner slashes outside off and there is a noise as the ball goes to the wicketkeeper. It was a short of a length and angling away slightly. It has actually missed the blade by quite a distance. Strange noise, that. Even snicko shows that there was a noise but the ball missed the bat by some distance;
5.1;1;Junaid to Khawaja, 1 run fullish length ball, tucks it off the pads between midwicket and mid-on, midwicket runs across and cuts it off;
4.6;2;Amir to Warner, 2 runs pushes Warner back with a short of a length ball that is angled in and the batsman jumps back in the crease to negotiate the bounce before steering it through backward point with an open bat face;
4.5;1;Amir to Khawaja, 1 run good length ball, nudges it from outside off in front of mid-on who takes his time to let the ball come to him before picking it up as they run a quick single;
4.4;1;Amir to Warner, 1 run short of a length and on middle and leg, shuffles across and drops it into the off side, in front of the square leg region, and takes off for a quick single;
4.4;1w;Amir to Warner, 1 wide short ball, Warner rocks back and lets it go. It gets up enough to be called a wide;
4.3;2;Amir to Warner, 2 runs too full and too straight, angling in on the pads at 133 kph, clipped to deep backward square leg for a comfortable single;
4.2;?;Amir to Warner, no run good length ball on the stumps, tucked behind square;
4.1;2;Amir to Warner, 2 runs fuller ball that is angled in on the pads at some pace, 144.5 kph, Warner tucks it behind square towards fine leg and the wicketkeeper runs across to gather it. Fumbles as he picks it up and that allows them to take the extra run;
3.6;2;Junaid to Khawaja, 2 runs fuller ball that comes on straight and Khawaja clips it off the pads and finds the gap between midwicket and mid-on;
3.5;?;Junaid to Khawaja, no run short of a length, tucked from outside off into the square leg region. There is a fielder positioned there, so no run;
3.4;?;Junaid to Khawaja, no run;
3.3;1;Junaid to Warner, 1 run;
3.2;?;Junaid to Warner, no run another good ball, squares him up this time with a length ball that straightens after angling in. Warner sticks his bat out and gets rapped on the pad but too high again. Walked into the shot as he pressed forward there. Lot more confident appeal but not given;
3.1;?;Junaid to Warner, no run ooh, what happened there! Junaid appeals for a caught behind but it is stifled and a tad late. It was a short of a length delivery and Warner was looking to defend off the front foot but the ball tails back in at 130kph and brushes him high on the thigh pad as it goes to the wicketkeeper. If that appeal was for lbw, it was too high;
2.6;?;Amir to Khawaja, no run good length ball outside off, not as quick this time, at 130 kmph, defended straight back to the bowler;
2.5;?;Amir to Khawaja, no run fuller ball on the fourth-stump channel, pushes it straight back to the bowler who gathers it one-handed on the follow-through;
2.4;1;Amir to Warner, 1 run good length ball just outside off, dabs it with soft hands off the backfoot before charging across for the single as the ball goes towards mid-off. Sharp single;
2.3;3;Amir to Khawaja, 3 runs fuller ball at nearly 143 clicks, angling in on the pads, clipped away as he just uses the pace to work it between midwicket and mid-on;
2.2;?;Amir to Khawaja, no run short of a length, holding its line, left alone in the channel outside off;
2.1;?;Amir to Khawaja, no run strides forward and across to this length ball outside off and pushes it into covers;

Bilal: "Always wanted to see Amir and Junaid bowl together.."
 Innings Start
10.17pm Pakistan completely outplayed Australia today, absolutely no doubt about that. It began by tying down Australia with spin. Changes in pace, cutters, pace off, change-ups. Australia could only manage 220. Pakistan knew what they were doing all along in that chase. Took their time and put the odd ball away. That's all they needed. A clinical bowling performance followed with a clean, efficient chase. The series is well positioned now, 1-1 after two games, effectively a three-match series now.
Time for the presentation
Steven Smith: "Went a little bit too hard with the bat. Ordinary with the bat in this first two games, aside from Wade's hundred. Need to build partnerships, haven't done that in the past two games. We've been 3 or 4 down when the spinners came on, we haven't been able to play naturally against them. Was always going to be tough, tried as hard as we can. 40 runs short, was a 260 wicket. Outplayed by Pakistan. Chris Lynn's quite sore, someone may come into the squad for him."
Mohammad Hafeez is the Man of the Match: "The boys did a great job, our bowlers did a great job, they got wickets at the right times. We love them, and they love us a lot (the crowd). This is the way to move forward, we have everything to win the series. Missed an opportunity in the last game.
47.5;1w;Head to Umar Akmal, 1 wide the game finishes with a wide. Head fires this down leg and Pakistan complete a sensational win by six wickets at the MCG;
47.4;4;Head to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs Akmal comes down and hammers a drive past his partner. Whistles past mid-off for four. Scores are level;
47.3;?;Head to Umar Akmal, no run blocked from the crease;
47.2;4;Head to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs gets down to the pitch and lofts over cover for four. Nice use of the feet to get close to the pitch. Good execution;
47.1;?;Head to Umar Akmal, no run flat on middle, pushed back to the bowler;
46.6;?;Faulkner to Malik, no run defended from the crease, tidy over from Faulkner;
46.5;?;Faulkner to Malik, no run comes down but the length is good and Malik has to improvise a block;
46.4;?;Faulkner to Malik, no run hit on the body. 127 kph, length delivery on middle. Malik hit on the back thigh;
46.3;1;Faulkner to Umar Akmal, 1 run a wild swing. Full on off, Akmal looks to smash this over midwicket, a thick inside edge towards leg gully;
46.2;?;Faulkner to Umar Akmal, no run good length outside off, pushed to cover;
46.1;?;Faulkner to Umar Akmal, no run good length outside off, Akmal misses a cut, beaten for bounce;
45.6;2;Head to Malik, 2 runs shortish on middle, Malik was sitting back in the crease, knowing there was no flight. Pulled past midwicket for some runs. Warner dives to his left but can't cut the ball back in;
45.5;1;Head to Umar Akmal, 1 run flat on the pads, worked to deep midwicket;
45.4;?;Head to Umar Akmal, no run short on off, worked to midwicket;
45.3;?;Head to Umar Akmal, no run tries to shimmy down but the length is shorter, Akmal pushes back, Head dives to his right;
45.2;?;Head to Umar Akmal, no run 91 kph, driven towards cover;
45.1;?;Head to Umar Akmal, no run slow on off, Akmal gets forward to defend;
44.6;?;Faulkner to Malik, no run defended into the off side, another over ticks by;
44.5;1;Faulkner to Umar Akmal, 1 run full and wide outside off, drilled towards Warner at mid-off, who dives to his left to save three;
44.4;4;Faulkner to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs lofts this for four. Full outside off, saw the length he wanted, got underneath and a clean full-face lofted drive over the bowler's head;
44.3;?;Faulkner to Umar Akmal, no run full and straight, another solid defensive block;
44.2;?;Faulkner to Umar Akmal, no run full delivery outside off, blocked into the off side;
44.1;?;Faulkner to Umar Akmal, no run 123 kph, full around off, defended;
43.6;?;Marsh to Malik, no run full and straight, pushed to mid-on;
43.5;4;Marsh to Malik, FOUR runs hammered! A fraction short is Marsh and Malik pounces all over it. Gets his cross-bat in position early and swats over midwicket. Timing is great too;
43.4;?;Marsh to Malik, no run full outside off, crisply driven to mid-off;
43.3;3;Marsh to Umar Akmal, 3 runs crashed through point. Good length and wide outside off, Akmal carved a guided square punch to the left of cover point. Takes the pace off with a dive does Cummins;
43.2;?;Marsh to Umar Akmal, no run 125 kph, pushed to mid-on from the crease;
43.1;1;Marsh to Malik, 1 run 120 kph, good length on middle and leg, worked to square leg;
42.6;?;Starc to Umar Akmal, no run just misses the outside edge. Full outside off, the ball pitches and moves away to beat the bat;
42.5;W;Starc to Shafiq, OUT that's Shafiq gone. Extremely poor shot. Full and wide from Starc, the ball was moving away. He had o reason to play with this being Starc's last over. Shafiq, though, wanted to drive through cover. Ended up stretching out for the ball, but it was too wide. Had no control, no balance and got a thick outside edge to Wade;Asad Shafiq c ?Wade b Starc 13 (61m 29b 0x4 0x6) SR: 44.82;
42.4;1;Starc to Malik, 1 run Warner dives to his right, saves three and almost effects a wicket. But Malik has made the run, pushed off the front foot to mid-off;
42.3;2;Starc to Malik, 2 runs 145 kph, gets this through extra cover for a couple. Half-stopped by extra cover, diving to his left;
42.2;?;Starc to Malik, no run full and straight, blocked. Good batting. Play out Starc;
42.1;1;Starc to Shafiq, 1 run driven to mid-on for a quick single. A direct hit at the bowler's end forces the intervention of the third umpire, but Shafiq has made his ground with time to spare. Well-judged. Hazlewood at mid-on;
41.6;?;Marsh to Malik, no run blocked off the front foot;
41.6;1w;Marsh to Malik, 1 wide strays down leg for leg side wide. Lots of extras now;
41.5;?;Marsh to Malik, no run blocked to mid-off from the front foot;
41.4;?;Marsh to Malik, no run good length outside off, Malik misses a cut.;
41.4;1w;Marsh to Malik, 1 wide bouncer, Malik gets underneath, but it's too high. The illegal delivery is duly punished;
41.3;1;Marsh to Shafiq, 1 run too straight, picked off his hips for a run to fine leg;
41.2;?;Marsh to Shafiq, no run deflected towards square leg;
41.1;1;Marsh to Malik, 1 run good length outside off, caressed down to third man off the open face;
40.6;?;Starc to Shafiq, no run yorker outside off, jammed back;
40.5;?;Starc to Shafiq, no run full and wide, 143 kph, left alone;
40.4;2;Starc to Shafiq, 2 runs nice shot. Warner parries it away. Full outside off, a nice clean drive towards mid-off. Shafiq gets forward and drives to mid-off. Warner dives to his right and saves two;
40.3;1;Starc to Malik, 1 run another good single. On middle and leg, pushed to mid-on for a quick run;
40.2;?;Starc to Malik, no run full delivery on leg, blocked to mid-on;
40.1;1;Starc to Shafiq, 1 run back of a length down leg, nudged down to fine leg;
39.6;?;Marsh to Malik, no run knows he got eight off it, so he gets forward and blocks this full delivery;
39.5;4;Marsh to Malik, FOUR runs shot. Superb. The MCG goes wild. Full and straight from Marsh, Malik presents the full face to on-drive through mid-on. Making run-scoring look so easy on a difficult surface;
39.4;?;Marsh to Malik, no run good length on off, Malik stays in the crease and plays it down. Well played;
39.3;?;Marsh to Malik, no run full and straight again, driven back to Marsh;
39.2;?;Marsh to Malik, no run full and straight, blocked;
39.1;4;Marsh to Malik, FOUR runs tripe to start. Short and wide, Malik gets under the bounce and scythes over point. Exceptionally played. Didn't bother keeping it down;
38.6;1;Hazlewood to Malik, 1 run nice. A steer down to third man;
38.5;1;Hazlewood to Shafiq, 1 run a thick outside edge down to third man for one;
38.4;?;Hazlewood to Shafiq, no run 132 kph, fullish outside off, another solid defensive block;
38.3;?;Hazlewood to Shafiq, no run 132 kph, length on middle, inside-edged into the pad. Malik sends an exuberant Shafiq back. No run there;
38.2;?;Hazlewood to Shafiq, no run nice channel around off, defended;
38.1;?;Hazlewood to Shafiq, no run full and straight, a thick inside edge into the pad? No, says umpire Wilson. Big big appeal. No inside edge. Hit both pads. Sliding down? Umpire's call on impact with stumps;
37.6;3;Cummins to Shafiq, 3 runs through square leg for a couple more. Full and straight from Cummins, Shafiq skews a couple towards fine leg;
37.5;1;Cummins to Malik, 1 run inside-edged just past the stumps. A leaden-footed slap, one to fine leg;
37.4;2;Cummins to Malik, 2 runs too straight, nudged away to deep backward square leg for a couple more. Already can see what Pakistan missed in the previous game, some experience;
37.3;?;Cummins to Malik, no run good length outside off, some inward seam movement. Malik is beaten on the inside edge;
37.2;?;Cummins to Malik, no run big appeal, not out. Smith reviews. Has nothing to lose. Good length on middle and leg, seaming back in. Strikes Malik over the kneeroll. No bat. Looks a touch high. Two reds, but one very important green as the ball is heading over leg stump. An easy decision that on this surface.;
37.1;1;Cummins to Shafiq, 1 run driven towards cover. A loud call of "yeees", gets there easily. Well played;
36.6;?;Hazlewood to Malik, no run good length delivery outside off, blocked to cover;
36.5;?;Hazlewood to Malik, no run defended into the off side;
36.4;6;Hazlewood to Malik, SIX runs oh yea. What a shot. Full and straight and speaking about percentage strokes, how's this? Presents the full face of the bat and lofts over mid-on. Clean ball-striking. Clears the boundary. Experience.;
36.3;1;Hazlewood to Shafiq, 1 run calls for one. Gets there. A bit of a leading edge to mid-off. Warner is quick to it and fires an inaccurate throw to the batsman's end. Out with a direct hit;
36.2;?;Hazlewood to Shafiq, no run just short of midwicket. No need for these strokes. Back of a length on middle, Shafiq mis-times his pull and is lucky that the ball lands in front of Khawaja;
36.1;?;Hazlewood to Shafiq, no run full and straight, some seam movement back in, pushed to mid-on with the angle;
35.6;?;Cummins to Malik, no run on the pads, worked to square leg;
35.5;?;Cummins to Malik, no run a bouncer, a high bouncer, 143 kph. Second bouncer called. Not wide;
35.4;2;Cummins to Malik, 2 runs sweet timing through cover for a couple more. Just a gentle push, leans into the drive;
35.3;?;Cummins to Malik, no run beauty! Exceptional bowling. Malik reviews the out decision. A big noise, was it bat on pad, or bat on ball? Hotspot has nothing. This is interesting. There is a big spike before the ball reaches the bat, which may indicate that the bat clipped the pad. But that doesn't mean there is no bat on ball. In this case, it was just bat on pad. The back flap was moved forward with the bat. Good use of the review from Malik, called for it immediately.;
35.3;1w;Cummins to Malik, 1 wide 139 kph, loopy bouncer over the head, wide called;
35.2;?;Cummins to Malik, no run good length outside off, defended into the off side;
35.1;4;Cummins to Malik, FOUR runs shortish and wide, Malik gets on top of the bounce and laces a square drive through point. Forced that through.;
34.6;?;Hazlewood to Shafiq, no run;
34.5;1;Hazlewood to Malik, 1 run on a length and straight, defended;
34.4;?;Hazlewood to Malik, no run lovely line. Getting the ball to seam back in, attacking the pads. Malik's defensive technique intervenes;
34.3;?;Hazlewood to Malik, no run on the pads, 132 kph, pushed with the angle to mid-on. Another dot. These dots are more than just dots though, it's pressure, it's momentum;
34.2;?;Hazlewood to Malik, no run full and straight, pushed back;
34.1;?;Hazlewood to Malik, no run full delivery outside off, Malik defends to point;
33.6;?;Cummins to Shafiq, no run full and straight, flicked away to midwicket. Good over from Cummins;
33.5;?;Cummins to Shafiq, no run full outside off, defended;
33.4;1;Cummins to Malik, 1 run another edge, this time along the ground, for one to third man;
33.3;4;Cummins to Malik, FOUR runs edged and short of first slip. Goes through the fielder for four. Fullish length outside off, Malik gets a genuine outside edge which dies in front of Marsh. Goes through his hands for four;
33.2;?;Cummins to Malik, no run nice line. Around off, coming back in. Malik defends;
33.1;?;Cummins to Malik, no run good length on off, 138 kph, the ball seams back in and hits the inside edge of Malik, onto the body;
32.6;3lb;Starc to Malik, 3 leg byes too straight, off the pads down to fine leg. Malik was hesitant but came back for the second. The throw was not accurate, the backing-up not great and Pakistan get three eventually. Would have been very close had the stumps been hit at the batsman's end;
32.5;?;Starc to Malik, no run nice again, full and straight, Malik defends;
32.4;?;Starc to Malik, no run fullish delivery outside off, defended towards extra cover;
32.3;?;Starc to Malik, no run lovely bowling. Full and wide, Malik drives but Starc gets late away movement. Beats the bat;
32.2;1;Starc to Shafiq, 1 run Warner's done something to his hamstring? Full and wide, driven towards Warner at mid-off, who runs to the ball, got into position to throw at the batsman's end, but just pulled up, Looks fine though;
32.1;?;Starc to Shafiq, no run poor shot. Full and wide, Shafiq doesn't go after that properly, nor does he bail out. Ends up poking, the ball goes past;
31.6;?;Faulkner to Malik, no run fuller back-of-the-hand slower ball outside off, presses forward and drives into the off side;
31.5;W;Faulkner to Hafeez, OUT fuller ball outside off, Hafeez perishes trying to play across the line. Looks to loft it and the bat face closes in his hand as he goes through with the shot. Can't get any sort of distance as the ball balloons only as far as mid-on where Hazlewood snaffles it;Mohammad Hafeez c Hazlewood b Faulkner 72 (148m 104b 8x4 0x6) SR: 69.23;
31.4;1;Faulkner to Shafiq, 1 run back of a length and angling away outside off, waits for it to come before opening the bat face late to steer it down to third man;
31.3;?;Faulkner to Shafiq, no run short of a length and on the stumps, stays back and defends but gets an inside edge to the pads;
31.2;?;Faulkner to Shafiq, no run late away movement outside off. It's very full and Shafiq gets beaten as he tries to squeeze it out through the off side;
31.1;1;Faulkner to Hafeez, 1 run fuller ball on off, presses forward and opens his bat face to run it down towards third man;
30.6;?;Starc to Shafiq, no run full and wide, left alone;
30.5;?;Starc to Shafiq, no run another yorker outside off, kept out again;
30.4;?;Starc to Shafiq, no run a yorker outside off, jammed out;
30.3;W;Starc to Babar Azam, OUT taken! Not a percentage stroke with third man in place. Back of a length outside off, Azam plays that nicely, sways away from the line, arches his back and gets underneath the ball. Ramps the ball but can't get it over slip, more over gully, and because of that, third man is able to get around and complete a good catch at the third man boundary. May have been a better option to hit that over point.;Babar Azam c Hazlewood b Starc 34 (75m 49b 5x4 0x6) SR: 69.38;
30.2;1;Starc to Hafeez, 1 run back of a length outside off, Hafeez gets a thick outside edge which flies down to third man, on the bounce;
30.1;4;Starc to Hafeez, FOUR runs through the gap again. Full and wide from Starc, Hafeez leans forward and scythes a drive through point. These two letting loose now;
29.6;4;Faulkner to Babar Azam, FOUR runs superlative timing. Full and wide from Faulkner, Azam times his cover drive past cover. No chance once he found the gap. Awesome stuff;
29.5;1;Faulkner to Hafeez, 1 run 123 kph, good length outside off, played down to third man for one;
29.4;?;Faulkner to Hafeez, no run goes past the outside edge. Full and wide outside off, Hafeez pokes and the ball swerves past;
29.3;?;Faulkner to Hafeez, no run 119 kph, slower ball, carved to backward point, Maxwell is quick to the ball;
29.2;?;Faulkner to Hafeez, no run slower ball outside off, Hafeez fails to connect with a guide;
29.1;?;Faulkner to Hafeez, no run slower ball outside off, defended towards mid-off;
28.6;4;Starc to Babar Azam, FOUR runs flies down to the third man boundary. Back of a length outside off, Azam gives it all he has, the ball flashes away off the top edge over gully. Think I saw steam from Starc's ears;
28.5;3;Starc to Hafeez, 3 runs more runs, full and straight, a wristy flick over square leg. Didn't want to keep that down. More runs;
28.4;4;Starc to Hafeez, FOUR runs in the air but in the gap. Four. Full and wide, swerving away. Hafeez can't hold back his drive, ends up skewing the ball off the outside half through point. Very catchable but not to the fielder;
28.3;1;Starc to Babar Azam, 1 run nicely steered to third man off the open face. Need more of that;
28.2;2;Starc to Babar Azam, 2 runs good length on middle and leg, swatted through square leg for a couple more;
28.1;?;Starc to Babar Azam, no run full delivery outside off, pushed to mid-off;
27.6;?;Faulkner to Hafeez, no run blocked into the off side, nice and straight from Faulkner;
27.5;1;Faulkner to Babar Azam, 1 run creamed away. Full and wide, driven to the right of Cummins this time. He's probably at that awkward position to cut off the angles?;
27.4;1;Faulkner to Hafeez, 1 run dabbed down to third man;
27.3;2;Faulkner to Hafeez, 2 runs dropped! Another sensational effort, but just can't cling on. Extra cover was 10 metres outside the circle. Hafeez wanted to go over cover but the ball squirted off the outside half. Cummins stretches out a left hand but the ball bursts out;
27.2;1lb;Faulkner to Babar Azam, 1 leg bye on the hips, Azam misses a nudge, struck on the pad and a deflection to fine leg ensues;
27.1;?;Faulkner to Babar Azam, no run good length on off and middle, pushed away towards mid-off;
26.6;?;Starc to Hafeez, no run 150 kph. Full and wide, Hafeez misses his dab down to third man. Pakistan 1 for 111;
26.5;?;Starc to Hafeez, no run 144 kph, full and straight, pushed to mid-off;
26.4;1;Starc to Babar Azam, 1 run full outside off, moving away late. A thick outside edge races down to third man for one;
26.3;?;Starc to Babar Azam, no run saved four. Wow. Full and wide from Starc, Azam laces his drive towards extra cover. Head sticks out a left hand and prevents plenty of runs. Fantastic stuff;
26.2;?;Starc to Babar Azam, no run offcutter on off, blocked;
26.1;1;Starc to Hafeez, 1 run if you can make a run to Warner look easy, it's well judged. Full outside off, pushed to mid-off, Hafeez calls immediately and gets there;
25.6;4;Cummins to Babar Azam, FOUR runs shot! Good length on off, Azam reads the length early, goes on the back foot and hammers his pull over midwicket. Fantastic execution;
25.5;3;Cummins to Hafeez, 3 runs too straight again. Hafeez is so strong there. Whipped through square leg for another three runs. Uppish but wide of the fielder;
25.4;?;Cummins to Hafeez, no run 144 kph, a full length outside off, draws Hafeez forward who drives to mid-off;
25.3;1;Cummins to Babar Azam, 1 run good single. 140 kph, outside off and full, Azam opens the bat face late to get one to third man;
25.2;?;Cummins to Babar Azam, no run 141 kph, driven to cover from the crease;
25.1;?;Cummins to Babar Azam, no run 141 kph, outside off from Cummins, driven to mid-off;
24.6;?;Starc to Hafeez, no run past the edge this time. Full and wide from Starc, Hafeez is rooted in the crease, pushes and the ball goes past his bat;
24.5;?;Starc to Hafeez, no run on a length outside off, blocked;
24.4;?;Starc to Hafeez, no run both watching each other from the middle of the pitch almost. Full delivery outside off, pushed into the cover region;
24.3;?;Starc to Hafeez, no run a yorker outside off, carved towards a short third man;
24.2;4;Starc to Hafeez, FOUR runs superb stroke. Full on the pads, Hafeez flicks that nonchalantly over square leg. A wristy flick. Didn't bother keeping that down. Hafeez brings up fifty too;
24.1;?;Starc to Hafeez, no run a good length delivery outside off, played down towards point;
23.6;2;Cummins to Babar Azam, 2 runs too straight, flicked away through square leg;
23.5;2;Cummins to Babar Azam, 2 runs gets it through this time, Warner hunts it down from mid-off but they get just two. Cummins took some pace off that straight drive;
23.4;?;Cummins to Babar Azam, no run good length outside off, carved to point from the crease;
23.3;?;Cummins to Babar Azam, no run 141 kph, a half-volley outside off, driven to mid-off;
23.2;?;Cummins to Babar Azam, no run not quite timed. Fullish on off, Azam looks to unfurl a gorgeous drive through mid-off but squirts to mid-on in rather ugly fashion;
23.1;1;Cummins to Hafeez, 1 run good length outside off, outside-halved down to third man;
22.6;4;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, FOUR runs shot! Superb timing from Azam. Gets one on his pads and flicks away through midwicket. Fantastic timing. Gets the bowler to bowl to him, a very un-Hazlewood type delivery;
22.5;?;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, no run pushed out to mid-on;
22.4;?;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, no run 136 kph, there's the pressure telling. On a length on off, Azam wants to pull, but the ball is nowhere near a pull-able length. Inside-edge into the box, ricochets towards point but bounces in front;
22.3;1;Hazlewood to Hafeez, 1 run 135 kph, fullish length on middle and leg, a soft-hands push towards mid-on for a quick single.;
22.2;?;Hazlewood to Hafeez, no run superb lines, close to off on a full length, another solid block;
22.1;?;Hazlewood to Hafeez, no run superb from Faulkner. Full and straight, on-driven elegantly towards mid-on where Faulkner dives to his left;
21.6;?;Cummins to Babar Azam, no run good length outside off, 137 kph, Azam looks to force this through cover but mis-times his slap back to the bowler;
21.5;1;Cummins to Hafeez, 1 run carved down to third man for a run;
21.4;?;Cummins to Hafeez, no run defended towards point, wants one does Hafeez, Azam sends him back;
21.3;?;Cummins to Hafeez, no run youch! Another one that flies at Hafeez. Back of a length, climbs steeply and hits the shoulder of the bat, deflects into hos chest. More pain. Soldiers on;
21.2;?;Cummins to Hafeez, no run good length, zoning in on off. Steered to point;
21.1;?;Cummins to Hafeez, no run a tad full outside off, driven to mid-off;
20.6;?;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, no run played back towards the bowler. A maiden;
20.5;?;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, no run excellent lines, Hazlewood's forte. Good length on middle, blocked;
20.4;?;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, no run bouncer on off, Azam gets underneath that;
20.3;?;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, no run a tad too full from Hazlewood, pushed back to the bowler;
20.2;?;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, no run good length outside off, steered to point from the crease. Squirted off the outside half;
20.1;?;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, no run fullish delivery around off, blocked into the off side;
19.6;3;Marsh to Babar Azam, 3 runs too straight this time, flicked through square leg for three more. Made easily, shrewd field manipulation. Waited for the bowler to come to him;
19.5;?;Marsh to Babar Azam, no run pushed towards mid-on;
19.4;1lb;Marsh to Hafeez, 1 leg bye pinged on the helmet. Hafeez has worn some this innings, second time on the helmet. Marsh's back of a length delivery climbs steeply and misses Hafeez's pull. One down to third man;
19.3;?;Marsh to Hafeez, no run 128 kph, gets on top of the bounce to steer towards gully. Wants one does Hafeez, rightly sent back;
19.2;?;Marsh to Hafeez, no run 127 kph, good length delivery outside off, dabbed towards backward point;
19.1;?;Marsh to Hafeez, no run superb lines. Straight on a good length, defended;
18.6;?;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, no run inside-edged. Full on a fourth-stump line, Azam gets forward and gets a thick edge into his body;
18.5;?;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, no run fullish length outside off, blocked;
18.4;?;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, no run full delivery outside off, defended towards cover;
18.3;?;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, no run fullish delivery outside off, defended into the off side;
18.2;1;Hazlewood to Hafeez, 1 run short and wide, slashed to third man on the bounce, went up and over, wanted that over point;
18.1;?;Hazlewood to Hafeez, no run full and straight from Hazlewood, played towards mid-on;
17.6;?;Marsh to Babar Azam, no run on a length outside off, defended;
17.5;4;Marsh to Babar Azam, FOUR runs superb shot from Azam. Overpitched from marsh and straight, Azam gets forward and crisply caresses his drive through mid-on. Fantastic timing. Full face of the bat, delectable;
17.4;?;Marsh to Babar Azam, no run overpitched outside off, driven to mid-off;
17.3;3;Marsh to Hafeez, 3 runs good length delivery outside off, carved behind point for three. Good batting from Hafeez;
17.2;?;Marsh to Hafeez, no run some extra bounce. Good length delivery outside off, prodded away towards point. Takes the glove and handle of the bat. Signs of variable bounce;
17.1;1;Marsh to Babar Azam, 1 run good length outside off, slashed down to third man for one;
16.6;?;Faulkner to Hafeez, no run full and wide, left alone;
16.5;4;Faulkner to Hafeez, FOUR runs swatted away through midwicket. Full and wide from Faulkner, Hafeez doesn't care. A cross-batted heave into the gap off the front foot. Nowhere near a bad bal;
16.4;?;Faulkner to Hafeez, no run full and straight from Faulkner, a solid block;
16.3;?;Faulkner to Hafeez, no run good length outside off, 128 kph, punched towards extra cover;
16.2;?;Faulkner to Hafeez, no run full and very wide, 131 kph, no stroke offered from Hafeez;
16.1;?;Faulkner to Hafeez, no run good length delivery outside off, Hafeez gets forward and lets it go;
15.6;?;Marsh to Babar Azam, no run another defensive prod into the off side;
15.5;?;Marsh to Babar Azam, no run fullish delivery outside off, pushed away towards mid-off. Seven dot balls from Azam;
15.4;?;Marsh to Babar Azam, no run full and straight, pushed back to the bowler from the crease;
15.3;?;Marsh to Babar Azam, no run 132 kph, blocked from the crease;
15.2;?;Marsh to Babar Azam, no run good length outside off, played down to cover;
15.1;1;Marsh to Hafeez, 1 run good length delivery outside off, dabbed down to third man for a run;
14.6;?;Faulkner to Babar Azam, no run too straight from Faulkner, worked away to square leg;
14.5;?;Faulkner to Babar Azam, no run good stuff. Lovely length, fuller than a good length, Azam is beaten on the inside edge and struck on the pad;
14.4;?;Faulkner to Babar Azam, no run good length delivery outside off, pushed towards cover;
14.3;W;Faulkner to Sharjeel, OUT taken this time! And Australia get Sharjeel. A length delivery outside off, fourth-stump channel. Sharjeel lets the ball come to him, looking for one down to third man off the open face but the ball kisses the outside edge and is easily held by Wade. Sharjeel looking for something too cheeky, that's not his strength.;Sharjeel Khan c ?Wade b Faulkner 29 (64m 32b 4x4 0x6) SR: 90.62;
14.2;3;Faulkner to Hafeez, 3 runs more runs. Full and straight, easy pickings for Hafeez to flick through midwicket for plenty. A poor ball;
14.1;1;Faulkner to Sharjeel, 1 run too straight from Faulkner, flicked down to fine leg for one;
13.6;4;Head to Hafeez, FOUR runs four more! Great batting, Hafeez runs down to the pitch and drills the ball over the bowler for four. Fantastic timing. Good area to hit the ball too;
13.5;1;Head to Sharjeel, 1 run tossed up on leg, clipped through square leg;
13.4;1;Head to Hafeez, 1 run that's tripe. Short and way down leg, Hafeez pulls down to fine leg. Could have left that and got the extra ball;
13.3;4;Head to Hafeez, FOUR runs nicely played. Gets low and hammers his sweep through deep backward square leg. Fantastic timing. Superb placement;
13.2;?;Head to Hafeez, no run beaten on the outside edge. Flat delivery outside off, skids on with the arm and beats the bat. No turn;
13.1;1;Head to Sharjeel, 1 run shortish outside off, punched down to long-on with so much ease;
12.6;?;Cummins to Hafeez, no run fullish on off, 147 kph, pushed towards mid-off;
12.5;4;Cummins to Hafeez, FOUR runs nailed that! Back of a length on middle and leg, a bouncer. Hafeez thwacks this through deep backward square leg with ease. Placed well too;
12.4;?;Cummins to Hafeez, no run defended towards cover from the crease;
12.3;2;Cummins to Hafeez, 2 runs just wide of Wade. Gloved again! A back of a length down leg, Hafeez is late on the pull, flies down towards fine leg. Hazlewood saves two with a dive. Wade is not too far away, diving to his left;
12.2;?;Cummins to Hafeez, no run good length outside off, 142 kph, scythed away towards point where Maxwell dives to his right;
12.1;?;Cummins to Hafeez, no run full delivery outside off, pushed towards cover from the crease;
11.6;?;Faulkner to Sharjeel, no run shortish delivery, seaming back in, cut towards point;
11.5;2;Faulkner to Sharjeel, 2 runs fantastic batting. A slower ball down leg, Sharjeel clips him towards deep midwicket and calls for two. Played that with soft hands;
11.4;1;Faulkner to Hafeez, 1 run gets a leg side delivery that he tucks down to fine leg for a run;
11.3;?;Faulkner to Hafeez, no run good length outside off, played towards point. Another dot. Not even looking for one;
11.2;?;Faulkner to Hafeez, no run full and straight, Hafeez gets forward and defends, inside-edges the ball into his pad;
11.1;3;Faulkner to Sharjeel, 3 runs lovely shot. Full outside off, Sharjeel gets forward and lofts the ball nonchalantly over cover for three. Didn't bother keeping it down. Nice;
10.6;?;Cummins to Hafeez, no run nice end. But too many dot balls to Hafeez. Good length outside off, played into the off side;
10.5;?;Cummins to Hafeez, no run nice lines. Close to off on a length, defended back. Not much Hafeez can do to that;
10.4;?;Cummins to Hafeez, no run good length outside off, defended into the off side;
10.3;?;Cummins to Hafeez, no run around off on a length, defended;
10.2;4;Cummins to Hafeez, FOUR runs top-edged for four. Bouncer on off, Hafeez fails to control the stroke. Hustles Hafeez, who gets a thick edge which flies down to the fine leg boundary. Grazed the helmet too;
10.1;1;Cummins to Sharjeel, 1 run full and straight from Cummins, Sharjeel gets a thick inside edge towards deep backward square leg. The pair want two but are just too slow between the wickets. Should have been two there;
9.6;1;Faulkner to Sharjeel, 1 run shovelled down to deep backward square leg for one.;
9.5;1;Faulkner to Hafeez, 1 run too straight and tucked down to fine leg for one. A lot better way to bat, finds the singles;
9.4;2;Faulkner to Hafeez, 2 runs just clears mid-on. Looks to go over the top, but fails to time the ball after a forward shimmy. Gets enough on that;
9.3;?;Faulkner to Hafeez, no run 131 kph, angled across outside off, left alone;
9.2;1lb;Faulkner to Sharjeel, 1 leg bye much better. On a full length down leg, Sharjeel is struck on the pad, hits the pad and ricochets towards point. Hafeez calls Sharjeel through;
9.1;?;Faulkner to Sharjeel, no run 126 kph, full delivery outside off, played to the left of short third man. A long run there but Hafeez sends him back. Not good that from Hafeez;
8.6;?;Cummins to Hafeez, no run another maiden played by Hafeez. Full and straight from Cummins, Hafeez defends back;
8.5;?;Cummins to Hafeez, no run good length outside off, defended into the off side;
8.4;?;Cummins to Hafeez, no run hustled for pace. Back of a length down leg, Hafeez doesn't connect with his half-pull help down to fine leg. Rapped on the body;
8.3;?;Cummins to Hafeez, no run full and straight, defended back;
8.2;?;Cummins to Hafeez, no run nice channels. A couple of stumps outside off, Hafeez leaves again;
8.1;?;Cummins to Hafeez, no run back of a length outside off, Hafeez tries to ride the bounce but lets this one go;
7.6;4;Hazlewood to Sharjeel, FOUR runs full and straight, Sharjeel picks it up and drag-flicks the ball over midwicket. Closed the bat face but picked his area. Not a bad shot at all. Good proactive batting;
7.5;1;Hazlewood to Hafeez, 1 run back of a length on leg, bouncer. Hafeez gloves one down to fine leg. Not in control of the pull, beaten for pace;
7.4;?;Hazlewood to Hafeez, no run full and straight, seaming back in, attacking the stumps. Hafeez defends into the leg side;
7.3;?;Hazlewood to Hafeez, no run on a length outside off, left alone by Hafeez;
7.2;2;Hazlewood to Hafeez, 2 runs too straight from Hazelwood, flicked down to fine leg, Starc dives to his right and saves some runs. Good stuff;
7.1;?;Hazlewood to Hafeez, no run full and straight, a solid block;
6.6;?;Cummins to Sharjeel, no run 140 kph, shortish delivery on middle, Sharjeel can't time his pull. Hits straight to mid-on;
6.5;?;Cummins to Sharjeel, no run full and straight, another solid defensive block;
6.4;?;Cummins to Sharjeel, no run full and straight, defended towards cover;
6.3;?;Cummins to Sharjeel, no run beauty! 143 kph, outside off, Sharjeel is beaten on the outside edge;
6.2;?;Cummins to Sharjeel, no run Sharjeel can't get on top of the bounce and play into the leg side. Struck on the body;
6.1;4;Cummins to Sharjeel, FOUR runs too straight from Cummins first up, Sharjeel tucks away merrily down to the fine leg boundary. Easy as;
5.6;?;Hazlewood to Hafeez, no run maiden! Hafeez gets forward and drives through cover.;
5.5;?;Hazlewood to Hafeez, no run 135 kph, left alone outside off, lovely bowling. Hafeez refuses to play there. Good from both;
5.4;?;Hazlewood to Hafeez, no run lovely line. Around off, Hafeez defends into the off side;
5.3;?;Hazlewood to Hafeez, no run good length outside off, Hafeez leaves this alone;
5.2;?;Hazlewood to Hafeez, no run falls over again! On a length and straight, Hafeez fails to connect with a nudge into the leg side. The ball hits him high on the body;
5.1;?;Hazlewood to Hafeez, no run Hafeez falls over again. Straying down leg, Hafeez misses a flick. Sliding down;
4.6;?;Starc to Sharjeel, no run good end. 149 kph, full and straight, Sharjeel defends back with the full face;
4.5;3;Starc to Hafeez, 3 runs too straight from Starc, flicked through square leg for more runs. Three of them;
4.5;1w;Starc to Hafeez, 1 wide full and way too wide, 148 kph, another leave;
4.4;?;Starc to Hafeez, no run 146 kph, dabbed towards backward point;
4.3;?;Starc to Hafeez, no run another nice leave. Full and wide, asking Hafeez to drive or test Smith again. Hafeez wants neither;
4.2;?;Starc to Hafeez, no run angled across, lovely line. A set of stumps outside off. Hafeez plays a good stroke, left alone;
4.1;?;Starc to Hafeez, no run full and straight from Starc, worked towards midwicket. That little bit of swing seems to have ceased;
3.6;?;Hazlewood to Sharjeel, no run 134 kph, on a length on leg, defended with a straight bat;
3.5;4;Hazlewood to Sharjeel, FOUR runs races away. Again, so strong on the pull. Slightly short and Sharjeel nails his pull through midwicket for four. Picked the length early;
3.4;1;Hazlewood to Hafeez, 1 run another edge. Flies down to third man along the ground, just one. Great fielding from Cummins, sprints to his left to save three;
3.3;?;Hazlewood to Hafeez, no run a big appeal. No says the umpire. Sliding down. Full and down leg, Hafeez falls over as he misses a flick.;
3.3;1w;Hazlewood to Hafeez, 1 wide on a length outside off, too wide. Called;
3.2;?;Hazlewood to Hafeez, no run close to off on a full length, defended towards point;
3.1;2;Hazlewood to Hafeez, 2 runs 131 kph, on the pads, flicked down towards backward square leg for a couple more;
2.6;?;Starc to Sharjeel, no run 149 kph, pacey stuff. Beats Sharjeel for pace, he inside-edges his flick into his pad.;
2.5;?;Starc to Sharjeel, no run another clean drive but he finds mid-off. Good batting, depending on timing. Picking the right balls too;
2.4;2;Starc to Sharjeel, 2 runs short and wide this time, cuts in front of extra cover for a couple more. Good batting, there to be hit, hit it;
2.3;4;Starc to Sharjeel, FOUR runs shot! A tad too full from Starc, Sharjeel leans forward, a nice gentle stride. His shot is not gentle. Lovely, clean, flowing drive past Warner at mid-off and through cover. Timing;
2.3;1w;Starc to Sharjeel, 1 wide strays down leg for an extra. 148 kph.;
2.2;?;Starc to Sharjeel, no run 143 kph, full delivery outside off, defended to mid-off. Not much movement;
2.1;?;Starc to Sharjeel, no run 147 kph, full and straight, Sharjeel gets a thick outside edge which flies towards point.;
1.6;?;Hazlewood to Hafeez, no run on the pads, drifting down. An appeal is quickly aborted. Hafeez misses a flick;
1.5;1;Hazlewood to Sharjeel, 1 run there is that backward square leg region in play. Ready to pull anything short, this isn't quite short but he swats anyway to deep backward square leg.;
1.4;?;Hazlewood to Sharjeel, no run close to off on a good length, defended back;
1.3;?;Hazlewood to Sharjeel, no run 130 kph, the line and length that had Sharjeel nicking off in the Sydney Test. Not wide, not close to off. A set of stumps wide. Sharjeel think, should I cut? Ah, no. Left alone;
1.2;?;Hazlewood to Sharjeel, no run oh my. That's a gem. Good length outside off, climbs and climbs and climbs past the outside edge. Wade takes it by his head. Cut that!;
1.1;?;Hazlewood to Sharjeel, no run short and wide, there for the cut. Sharjeel just misses it. No worries. If it's there, try. Beaten by bounce;
0.6;?;Starc to Hafeez, no run 147 kph, fantastic over from Starc. Attacks the stumps with a full length, Hafeez defends back to the bowler. Starc picks up and is ready to breathe fire but doesn't let go of the ball;
0.5;?;Starc to Hafeez, no run defended solidly into the cover region;
0.4;?;Starc to Hafeez, no run edged and dropped! Smith's slips struggles continue. A sitter. Uh oh. Full and wide again, Hafeez goes hard at the ball and gets a thick outside edge which goes straight to Smith at second slip. Gets his hands down near his midriff and shells a dolly. He has dropped an unusual number of catches recently;
0.3;?;Starc to Hafeez, no run 146 kph, full and wide from Starc. Seeing if there is some swing, there is but not much. Hafeez misses his leaden-footed drive;
0.2;?;Starc to Hafeez, no run gets that line closer to off, 145 kph, Hafeez gets forward and blocks to mid-off;
0.1;?;Starc to Hafeez, no run full and wide to start, 144.5 kph, left alone nicely. A hint of inward movement;

6.30pm Thanks Akshay. Pakistan may not get a better chance for a win in this series. They've bowled exceptionally well, couldn't have done too much better. On a slow surface, changes in pace will decide the speed of the game. Australia were forced to make their own pace, and struggled. Pakistan's strength has almost always been their bowling, though. Hafeez and Sharjeel are out there. Starc with the ball. A fantastic afternoon's entertainment. Let's roll...
 Innings Start
Australia
Pakistan
2nd ODI (D/N), Melbourne, Jan 15 2017, Pakistan tour of Australia
220
221/4
Player of the match is Mohammad Hafeez, PAK
Pakistan won by 6 wickets (with 14 balls remaining)
