Data
Please join us in 15 minutes for the New Zealand chase. Jamie will take you through the first 25 overs.
49.6;4;Bond to Bracken, FOUR runs Lemon-cut to fine-leg fence. The good old inside-edge. Full and straight on the middle, bat comes down in a angle perfected by tailenders for years, and the ball evades the stumps.;
49.5;W;Bond to Johnson, OUT Johnson tries to steal a run but Bond is too quick for him. Moves across to his right, picks up the ball, turns and fires in a direct hit at the non-striker's end;Mitchell Johnson run out (Bond) 3 (12m 9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
49.4;?;Bond to Johnson, no run;
49.3;?;Bond to Johnson, no run in the zone outside off, Johnson is beaten;
49.2;1;Bond to Bracken, 1 run again he backs away, this time Bond tries to ping the blockhole, the bat comes down in a hurry, gets an outside edge to thirdman;
49.1;6;Bond to Bracken, SIX runs Wah! Bracken pulls off a fore-handed freaky shot over long-on! It was a bouncer and Bracken backed away to the leg side, and somehow middled his swat-pull and saw it sailing over the ropes.;
48.6;?;Mills to Johnson, no run;
48.5;2;Mills to Johnson, 2 runs length delvery on the middle, swatted past midwicket. Useful shot.;
48.4;?;Mills to Johnson, no run Another bouncer. Weak pull shot attempted, no contact.;
48.3;?;Mills to Johnson, no run in the zone outside off, Johnson tries to steer it to thirdman but doesn't make contact;
48.2;?;Mills to Johnson, no run Now Mills goes for the throat-ball. Johnson takes his eyes off, ducks, and it thuds in to the shoulder and drops close on the offside. Again Bracken thinks there is a single in it, Johnson doesn't agree this time.;
48.1;1;Mills to Bracken, 1 run outside off, run down to thirdman;
47.6;1;Bond to Bracken, 1 run And again. Bracken somehow manages to fend it off to the leg side and thinks that achievement needs to be celebrated with a single. Sets off for a suicidal run, a direct hit would have got another wicket for New Zealand;
47.5;?;Bond to Bracken, no run Bond pings Bracken's ribs. Pushed away to point.;
47.4;2;Bond to Bracken, 2 runs Length-delivery, outside offstump, pushed to right of thirdman and they run hard to complete the second run;
47.3;?;Bond to Bracken, no run .;
47.2;W;Bond to Lee, OUT Lee is cleaned up. Goes for the across-the-line slog, misses and hears the death knell. New Zealand are doing pretty well in these end-overs. Not allowing Australia to get away;Brett Lee b Bond 5 (8m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
47.1;1;Bond to Johnson, 1 run on the off stump line, dabbed down to thirdman. Lee on strike.;
46.6;2;Mills to Lee, 2 runs;
46.5;W;Mills to Clarke, OUT Typical end-overs dismissal. Clarke threw his bat at a length-delivery, intending it to sail down the ground, but the moody-ball chose to fly down the throat of thirdman;Michael Clarke c Vettori b Mills 14 (29m 22b 1x4 0x6) SR: 63.63;
46.4;4;Mills to Clarke, FOUR runs fine-leg was in and Mills gift-wraps a full toss on the legs, Clarke accepts.;
46.3;1;Mills to Lee, 1 run on the leg and middle, tickled behind square-leg;
46.3;2w;Mills to Clarke, 2 wide Clarke backs away to the legside, Mills tries to follow him but ends up pushing it down the legside. McCullem palms it away.;
46.2;?;Mills to Clarke, no run on the off and middle, Clarke respects the line and the length and pushes it to cover;
46.1;?;Mills to Clarke, no run on a length, outside off, pushed to Hamish Marshall at point. No chance of a run. Clarke remains on strike.;
43.6;1;Oram to Clarke, 1 run Again can't get much force behind the shot. Shovels a full delivery on the offstump line to cover, will get a single;
43.5;?;Oram to Clarke, no run Clarke backs away to the leg side, Oram pushes it full outside off, Clarke reaches out for it and sends it towards cover.;
43.4;1;Oram to Symonds, 1 run;
43.3;?;Oram to Symonds, no run Symonds is beaten outside off as he attempts to cut a length-delivery fine but doesn't connect.;
43.2;1;Oram to Clarke, 1 run just outside the offstump, pushed past point;
43.1;?;Oram to Clarke, no run Beaten outside off. An in-dipper and Clarke ends up driving outside the line. Surprised by the movement.;
42.6;1;Franklin to Clarke, 1 run Another easy single. Fleming has the boundaries manned, not too many inside the ring at this stage. Clarke drops the ball close on the off side and jogs across for a run;
42.5;1;Franklin to Symonds, 1 run just outside the offstump, Symonds goes back and across and chops it down to thirdman;
42.4;1;Franklin to Clarke, 1 run drifting in on the pads, creamed past midwicket. Just a single though.;
42.3;1;Franklin to Symonds, 1 run;
42.2;1;Franklin to Clarke, 1 run tip and run. Pushes a length-delivery to the off side and sets off for a run. Symonds back on strike;
42.1;1;Franklin to Symonds, 1 run backs away to drill a full-length delivery to deep cover;
45.6;2;Bond to Lee, 2 runs full and on the legs, Lee lets it come to him, wrists it past square-leg;
45.5;?;Bond to Lee, no run length-delivery on the middle, pushed back down the track;
45.4;W;Bond to Symonds, OUT The legstump is pegged back! Attempted yorker turns into a low full-toss and Symonds shuffles across to the offstump in an attempt to tickle it fine. Misses and the ball brushes the pads before crashing into the leg stump. Big wicket for New Zealand. Symonds could have hurt them in these end-overs;Andrew Symonds b Bond 58 (73m 58b 3x4 1x6) SR: 100;
45.3;?;Bond to Symonds, no run Banged in short, outside the offstump, Symonds had backed away to the leg side and watches the ball sail through to the wicketkeeper;
45.2;2;Bond to Symonds, 2 runs Backs away to slap a short-delivery to left of deep point where Oram makes the stop;
45.1;1;Bond to Clarke, 1 run;
44.6;1;Franklin to Clarke, 1 run;
44.5;1;Franklin to Symonds, 1 run Dropped by Vincent. Very tough chance at cover. It was full-blooded drive and he dived to his right but couldn't cling on to the rising ball.;
44.4;?;Franklin to Symonds, no run Again Symonds backs away, Franklin pings it short, and Symonds drops down his wrists, sways away;
44.3;1;Franklin to Clarke, 1 run on the legs, full in length, worked past midwicket.;
44.2;1;Franklin to Symonds, 1 run;
44.2;1nb;Franklin to Symonds, (no ball) Symonds goes for the jugular. Hurls himself down the track and throws his bat at a length-delivery outside off. Misses.;
44.1;1;Franklin to Clarke, 1 run Clarke brings back Symonds on strike with a push past point. Oram from point gave the chase, and fired in a accurate throw to prevent the second run;
41.6;?;Oram to Clarke, no run;
41.5;1;Oram to Symonds, 1 run brings up his 20th ODI fifty and 3rd fifty against New Zealand, with a drive to long-off.;
41.4;?;Oram to Symonds, no run presents the full-face of the bat in defense. He is on 49.;
41.3;1;Oram to Clarke, 1 run lunges forward to a length-delivery, pushes it to right of point and sets off for a quick run;
41.2;1;Oram to Symonds, 1 run slightly slower, on the middle, Symonds lets it come to him, drops his wrists to place the ball close on the on side to get a single. Well played.;
41.1;2;Oram to Symonds, 2 runs full and just outside off, driven to left of long-off where Bond makes the stop. Can't prevent a second run though.;
40.6;?;Franklin to Clarke, no run And again. Length-delivery around off stump line, pushed to point. It's a wicket-maiden from Franklin.;
40.5;?;Franklin to Clarke, no run in the channel around off stump line, pushed to the offside. No chance of a run;
40.4;?;Franklin to Clarke, no run;
40.3;?;Franklin to Clarke, no run Franklin is grinning. He has just bowled a damn good delivery. Delivered from round the stumps, on a length, holds its line, Clarke ends up pushing inside the line. Fleming is impressed, moves in a slip;
40.2;?;Franklin to Clarke, no run fuller and outside the offstump, Clarke eases forward to push it to cover;
40.1;W;Franklin to Hussey, OUT As it happens, a change, a not-so-flash delivery gets a wicket. Franklin, off a short run-up, sends across a four-ball. Short in length, well outside the off stump but Hussey ends up cutting straight to point;Michael Hussey c Marshall b Franklin 35 (93m 52b 2x4 0x6) SR: 67.3;
39.6;?;Astle to Symonds, no run almost had him lbw. Inside-edge saves Symonds. Nipped back slightly after landing on a length around the off stump line, Symonds is caught in two minds, whether to press forward or back, ends up hanging his bat out in defense;
39.5;1;Astle to Hussey, 1 run Another single as Hussey pings the long-off;
39.4;1;Astle to Symonds, 1 run goes for a yorker, swing in late, dug out to long-on. Good stuff from Astle.;
39.3;1;Astle to Hussey, 1 run just outside off, punched to long-off;
39.2;?;Astle to Hussey, no run on the middle, no angle to work with, pushed back down the track;
39.1;1;Astle to Symonds, 1 run in the channel outside off, dabbed down to thirdman;
38.6;1;Vettori to Symonds, 1 run;
38.5;?;Vettori to Symonds, no run almost holed up to cover. Too early into his drive and it just fell short of the waiting palms;
38.4;2;Vettori to Symonds, 2 runs Wonderful exhibition of running between the wickets. Just nudged to the square-leg region, very well placed, and they get two;
38.3;?;Vettori to Symonds, no run spears in full and on the middle, Symonds ends up digging it out back to the bowler;
38.2;1;Vettori to Hussey, 1 run comes down the track, Vettori holds back the length, Hussey adjusts to push forward in defense.;
38.1;1;Vettori to Symonds, 1 run;
37.6;?;Astle to Hussey, no run;
37.5;1;Astle to Symonds, 1 run;
37.4;2;Astle to Symonds, 2 runs full toss, outside the off stump, powered down the ground;
37.3;?;Astle to Symonds, no run on the middle, worked to midwicket;
37.2;1;Astle to Hussey, 1 run outside off stump, on a length, dabbed away to thirdman;
37.1;1;Astle to Symonds, 1 run comes in with the angle, on the middle and off, worked to midwicket;
36.6;1;Vettori to Symonds, 1 run on a length, just outside off, cut late, with the spin.;
36.5;1;Vettori to Hussey, 1 run;
36.4;1;Vettori to Symonds, 1 run Vettori continues to flight. Dips in front of middle, Symonds pushes it to long-on;
36.3;3;Vettori to Hussey, 3 runs full and outside off, creamed past cover.;
36.2;1;Vettori to Symonds, 1 run tossed up outside off, driven down the ground, to long-off&;
36.1;2;Vettori to Symonds, 2 runs flighted delivery, ends up a low dipping full-toss, nudged around to square-leg, McCullum gives the chase but they complete the second run;
35.6;?;Franklin to Hussey, no run Hussey is intent on pulling Franklin. Again the result is not satisfactory. Shovels it around to midwicket.;
35.5;1;Franklin to Symonds, 1 run straight to thirdman this time.;
35.4;2;Franklin to Symonds, 2 runs fuller and closer to the off stump, Symonds goes back and across, and chops it fine, down to thirdman region;
35.4;1w;Franklin to Symonds, 1 wide more rubbish from Franklin. short and wide outside off, Symonds tries to cut but can't reach it;
35.3;2;Franklin to Symonds, 2 runs full and outside off, square-driven to right of the man at deep cover;
35.2;1lb;Franklin to Hussey, 1 leg bye Hussey goes for a wild-pull but doesn't connect. Length-delivery that came in with the angle around the offstump line;
35.1;3;Franklin to Symonds, 3 runs from round the stumps, overpitched, drilled through cover. Easy pickings.;
34.6;?;Vettori to Hussey, no run spins from middle and off stump line, Hussey stays back, works it to the on side;
34.5;1;Vettori to Symonds, 1 run Hamish Marshall dazzles with a direct hit. Symonds pushes a length-delivery to point, Marshall swoops in and fires a throw at the striker's end but Hussey is in. Just in time. The decision is refered upstairs. Not out.;
34.4;?;Vettori to Symonds, no run arm-ball, outside the off stump, full in length, Symonds tries to cut, gets an outside edge to short thirdman. too full to cut.;
34.3;4;Vettori to Symonds, FOUR runs Aha! the slog-sweep is out. Flighted-up on the middle, turns away but Symonds carts it over midwicket;
34.2;?;Vettori to Symonds, no run tossed-up, on the off stump line, Symonds leans forward to dead-bat it away;
34.1;1;Vettori to Hussey, 1 run turns in from outside off, slightly short in length, Hussey goes back to turn it behind square.;
33.6;1;Bond to Hussey, 1 run 142.2 kmph yorker, on the middle and off, dug out to Vettori at mid-off. Symonds is bit late in responding to Hussey's call but gets across in time.;
33.5;1;Bond to Symonds, 1 run slower one, 120 kmph delivery, full on the middle and leg, pushed to midwicket;
33.5;1w;Bond to Symonds, 1 wide Again the bouncer but bit too high. Wide called.;
33.4;?;Bond to Symonds, no run Now guns for the head. around 89 mph. Symonds duck under;
33.3;?;Bond to Symonds, no run Bond goes for his throat, Symonds sways away quickly.;
33.2;4;Bond to Symonds, FOUR runs on the hips, glanced away fine. A six in the previous over and now a four. Symonds is off and running.;
33.1;?;Bond to Symonds, no run in the zone outside off, left alone;
32.6;?;Vettori to Hussey, no run almost dragged back to the stumps. Sweeps from outside off, gets an inside-edge that takes the ball past the stumps, to short fine-leg;
32.5;1;Vettori to Symonds, 1 run arm-ball, just outside off, cut to deep point;
32.4;6;Vettori to Symonds, SIX runs With the mid-on and mid-off up, Symonds takes up the challenge. Runs down the track to lift it over long-on. Game on! Mid-on and mid-off still up in the circle;
32.3;?;Vettori to Symonds, no run floated up on the offstump line, turns away, Symonds leans forward to push it to cover;
32.2;1lb;Vettori to Hussey, 1 leg bye;
32.1;1;Vettori to Symonds, 1 run The mid-on and mid-off is up. Tempting Symonds to go over. However Vettori starts off with a slightly shorter one outside off, cut away past point;
31.6;2;Bond to Hussey, 2 runs on the legs, tickled behind square -leg, McCullem sets off in pursuit, Vettori rushes in from long-leg but by then they complete two, Very well-placed by Hussey.;
31.5;1;Bond to Symonds, 1 run 84.8 mph delivery, on the middle and leg, nudged around the corner for a single;
31.4;?;Bond to Symonds, no run in the zone outside off, left alone;
31.3;4;Bond to Symonds, FOUR runs Edges to the thirdman boundary. The one that held its line after landing on a length around the off stump, Symonds pushed at it with soft hands, plays inside the line a bit but gets a fruitful edge;
31.2;1;Bond to Hussey, 1 run Around that 84mph delivery again, but fuller and outside off, pushed past point;
31.1;?;Bond to Hussey, no run Perfume ball first up. Hussey sways away quickly. 83.0mph delivery.;
30.6;?;Mills to Symonds, no run lovely delivery to finish the over off. Again the one that darts back in but much pronounced movement this time. Hisses back in after landing outside the off stump and goes through Symond's tentative poke and raps him on the thigh.;
30.5;?;Mills to Symonds, no run he opts for the nip-backer, the one that comes back in after pitching on a length around the off stump line. Symonds pushes forward to keep it out;
30.4;?;Mills to Symonds, no run again pings the channel outside off, again left alone by Symonds. A yorker now won't be a bad idea.;
30.3;?;Mills to Symonds, no run in the zone outside off, left alone;
30.2;?;Mills to Symonds, no run length-delivery outside off, keeps a touch low, Symonds lets it go through to 'keeper;
30.1;?;Mills to Symonds, no run greets Symonds with a bouncer. Banged in well short, ducked under without too much fuss;
29.6;?;Vettori to Hussey, no run tossed up on the off, turns in slightly, Hussey is rapped on the pads as he pushes forward in defense;
29.5;?;Vettori to Hussey, no run defended off the front foot;
29.4;2;Vettori to Hussey, 2 runs swept from outside off. They hare down the track to come back for a second;
29.3;?;Vettori to Hussey, no run;
29.2;?;Vettori to Hussey, no run turns in from outside off, pushed to cover point;
29.1;?;Vettori to Hussey, no run driven to right of Vincent at midwicket who gets across quickly to make a diving stop.;
28.6;W;Mills to Ponting, OUT Huge wicket! Ponting is gone. Out playing a pull shot. Mills gets the breakthrough in the first over of his second spell. It landed on a length, outside the off stump, jumped up a bit and Ponting tried to fetch it around from there, made contact with the toe-end of the bat and shoveled it across to Vettori at mid-on;Ricky Ponting c Vettori b Mills 58 (118m 80b 9x4 0x6) SR: 72.5;
28.5;4;Mills to Ponting, FOUR runs Overpitched and Ponting jumps on to it in a flash, drills it down the ground;
28.4;?;Mills to Ponting, no run Again lunges forward, pushes it to mid-on, wants a run, Hussey responds before Ponting sends him back quickly as he sees Vettori rushing on to the ball;
28.3;?;Mills to Ponting, no run leans forward to push a length-delivery outside off to right of cover;
28.2;1;Mills to Hussey, 1 run on the legs again, tickled down to fine-leg;
28.1;4;Mills to Hussey, FOUR runs starts off with a long-hop, Hussey's eyes light up, and he swivels to pull it away easily in front of square;
27.6;1;Vettori to Hussey, 1 run slightly short, just outside off, Hussey goes back to tap it to left of Oram at short thirdman, will get a single.;
27.5;1;Vettori to Ponting, 1 run fuller, on the middle, driven down the ground;
27.4;1;Vettori to Hussey, 1 run lands on the middle, turns down leg, nudged to the on side;
27.3;?;Vettori to Hussey, no run after two looseners Vettori gets it right this time. Flighted delivery, just short of driveable length, turns in from the offstump line, pushed back down the track;
27.2;1;Vettori to Ponting, 1 run turns away after landing on a length outside the off stump, Ponting goes back to cut it to deep point;
27.1;2;Vettori to Ponting, 2 runs short and outside off, cut past cover;
26.6;?;Oram to Hussey, no run length-delivery on the middle, Hussey gets behind the line and dead-bats it away;
26.5;1;Oram to Ponting, 1 run Ponting gets his 55th ODI fifty with a push towards cover. Hares down the track to bring up his ninth fifty against New Zealand.;
26.4;1;Oram to Hussey, 1 run on a length, angling away, dabbed down the thirdman. Ponting on strike, he is on 49;
26.3;?;Oram to Hussey, no run slightly slower, slightly wide outside off, Hussey reaches out for it to skew it towards cover;
26.2;?;Oram to Hussey, no run;
26.1;?;Oram to Hussey, no run Pushes a length-delivery to the off side, wants a run, Ponting is also interested but both decide against it as the fielder swoops in from cover;
25.6;?;Franklin to Ponting, no run slanted delivery, Ponting is hit on the pads as he pushes forward in defense;
25.5;4;Franklin to Ponting, FOUR runs And again. He lunges forward to a slightly overpitched delivery on the middle, and punch-drives it between the bowler and mid-on.;
25.4;?;Franklin to Ponting, no run;
25.3;4;Franklin to Ponting, FOUR runs 100 is up with a lovely off drive. Ponting eases forward to caress a fullish-delivery on the off and middle stump line straight down the ground.;
25.2;1;Franklin to Hussey, 1 run fuller, on the middle and leg, Hussey goes back to nudge it for a single on the on side;
25.1;2;Franklin to Hussey, 2 runs banged in short, on the middle, Hussey rocks back and pulls through the midwicket region;
24.6;?;Oram to Ponting, no run good length, comes forward and drives back to Oram;
24.5;?;Oram to Ponting, no run short of a good length again, Ponting rocks back and defends to point;
24.4;?;Oram to Ponting, no run short outside off stump, slower ball, he goes back and defends to cover airily;
24.3;?;Oram to Ponting, no run full outside off stump and rising, Ponting shoulders arms coming forward;
24.2;1;Oram to Hussey, 1 run short of a length and moving across him, Hussey too opens the face of the bat and runs that to third man, Hussey thinks about the second but McCullum fields the throw and fires down to the nonstrikers end, ball hits the stumps, they go upstairs but is decided he was safely in;
24.1;1;Oram to Ponting, 1 run a good length outside off stump, Ponting opens the face and runs that down to third man for one more;
23.6;1;Franklin to Ponting, 1 run full on the pads, flicked to Astle at deep midwicket, Ponting wants two but Hussey say no as the throw comes in quickly;
23.5;1;Franklin to Hussey, 1 run full and slower, driven to mid-off for one;
23.5;1w;Franklin to Hussey, 1 wide angles away from off stump and he tries a square drive, wide signalled;
23.4;1;Franklin to Ponting, 1 run full on middle and off, driven back to Franklin;
23.3;1lb;Franklin to Hussey, 1 leg bye good shout! Lands on the stumps and carries on, raps him on the knee roll plumb in front of middle stump, Franklin appeals but Bucknor shakes his head, what the hell was wrong with that appeal? AND the batsmen steal a legbye! Unlucky Franklin, there's no excuse for those;
23.2;?;Franklin to Hussey, no run full and slower, sucks Hussey into a loose drive in the air but it lands safely in front of mid-off;
23.1;?;Franklin to Hussey, no run wide of off stump and he allows it to pass;
22.6;1;Oram to Hussey, 1 run lands on middle and leg and its eased around the corner for one;
22.5;4;Oram to Hussey, FOUR runs Almost! Full and he slams that just over Vettori at mid-off, who jumps high in the air and manages to get his fingertips to it, but the ball grazes them and carries on for four, too close for comfort;
22.4;1;Oram to Ponting, 1 run dropped in shorter and he gets a stride forward and heaves that across the line aggressively, but its just one down to Astle on the deep midwicket ropes;
22.3;4;Oram to Ponting, FOUR runs on a good length on off stump, Ponting gets a stride forward and turns that magnificently around the corner for four, well flicked down to fine leg;
22.2;1;Oram to Hussey, 1 run short of a length outside off stump, he runs that down to third man;
22.1;?;Oram to Hussey, no run good ball on off stump, Hussey stands and drops the hands on it, thinks about the run to cover but resists;
21.6;1;Vettori to Hussey, 1 run fired into middle and off, Hussey comes forward and chips that to mid-on for one, sharp running that;
21.5;1;Vettori to Ponting, 1 run tossed up on middle and leg, Ponting sweeps and gets one around the corner as Oram is late on it;
21.4;?;Vettori to Ponting, no run tossed up on the legs, worked to midwicket;
21.3;?;Vettori to Ponting, no run holds its line and comes onto him slower, but he's on top of it;
21.2;?;Vettori to Ponting, no run quicker this time, draws him forward again;
21.1;?;Vettori to Ponting, no run tossed up on the stumps, Ponting comes forward and defends;
20.6;?;Oram to Hussey, no run moves across him and then cuts back close to off stump, but he obviously knows where it is as he shoulders arms;
20.5;?;Oram to Hussey, no run good ball lands on middle and off and moves away past him, Hussey lets it through to McCullum, but thought about poking at it&;
20.4;1;Oram to Ponting, 1 run slower on a good length, Ponting hops and turns that to the on side;
20.3;4;Oram to Ponting, FOUR runs just a fraction shorter outside off stump, Ponting moves into the pull but gets a top-edge over slips for four, he wanted to heave that over midwicket!;
20.2;?;Oram to Ponting, no run full outside off stump, he gets forward and defends with a loud 'NO' to Hussey;
20.1;?;Oram to Ponting, no run good length outside off stump, Ponting goes back and defends;
19.6;?;Vettori to Hussey, no run pitches on middle and leg and he comes down and flicks, but only finds Fleming at midwicket;
19.5;?;Vettori to Hussey, no run flatter this time outside off stump and Hussey gets forward and defends to point;
19.4;?;Vettori to Hussey, no run from around the wicket to the leftie, floated up teasingly outside off stump and sucks Hussey into a forward prod, beats him;
19.3;W;Vettori to Martyn, OUT gone! Tossed up on the stumps, Martyn gets forward and tries to sweep, doesnt read the arm ball and he's caught on the front pad, looked to be hitting leg stump and Bucknor doesnt take long to raise the finger, Vettori strikes;Damien Martyn lbw b Vettori 26 (72m 54b 4x4 0x6) SR: 48.14;
19.2;?;Vettori to Martyn, no run looped up, Martyn comes forward and defends, wants the run but no says Ponting;
19.1;1;Vettori to Ponting, 1 run tossed up, Ponting gets forward and drives with soft hands past point for one;
18.6;?;Oram to Martyn, no run this time he bounces him, Martyn gets down on his haunches;
18.5;?;Oram to Martyn, no run changed his pace on that one outside off stump, Martyn stands and defends to point;
18.4;2;Oram to Martyn, 2 runs short of a length on the stump, turned past square leg and they set off, Bond's slow coming around from fine leg and they steal two;
18.3;?;Oram to Martyn, no run a good length on the stumps, defended off the front foot;
18.2;1;Oram to Ponting, 1 run shorter and moving in, he runs that off the face of the bat to third man for one;
18.1;?;Oram to Ponting, no run lands outside off stump and seams in, raps Ponting on the front foot as he defends, a big shout but not-out says the umpire, looked to have been moving down leg, but a good shout;
17.6;?;Vettori to Martyn, no run length's a fraction shorter and Martyn tries the late dab but cant beat Vincent diving from gully;
17.5;?;Vettori to Martyn, no run tossed up wider outside off stump, left alone;
17.4;?;Vettori to Martyn, no run tossed up invitingly, Martyn gets forward and drives that loosely to Fleming at cover;
17.3;?;Vettori to Martyn, no run tossed up again, Martyn gets half-forward and defends, ball rolls to the onside;
17.2;1;Vettori to Ponting, 1 run holds his length, Ponting goes forward and then back, drives to point;
17.1;?;Vettori to Ponting, no run tossed up, Ponting comes forward and drives to cover;
16.6;?;Oram to Martyn, no run full and straight, Martyn gets forward and pushes that back to Oram;
16.5;?;Oram to Martyn, no run slow and full outside off stump, Martyn comes onto the front foot and defends to point;
16.4;1;Oram to Ponting, 1 run lands on a good length and draws him forward, he pokes and gets a thick edge down to third man;
16.3;?;Oram to Ponting, no run back of a good length outside off stump, Ponting defends that to Vincent at point;
16.2;1;Oram to Martyn, 1 run short and wide, he cuts that in the gap at gully for one to third man;
16.1;1;Oram to Ponting, 1 run full outside off stump, driven wide of point for one;
15.6;?;Vettori to Martyn, no run a little flatter on this occasion, Martyn comes forward and defends;
15.5;1;Vettori to Ponting, 1 run tossed up outside off stump, Ponting easily onto the front foot and drives down to Bond at long-off;
15.4;?;Vettori to Ponting, no run tossed up, good loop, draws Ponting forward in defence again, well bowled&;
15.3;?;Vettori to Ponting, no run just a fraction shorter and Ponting goes back and cuts, but right to backward point;
15.2;?;Vettori to Ponting, no run tossed up again, Ponting gets a stride forward and defends;
15.1;?;Vettori to Ponting, no run looped up outside off stump, Ponting leaves it alone;
14.6;?;Oram to Martyn, no run another good ball outside off stump, Martyn stands and defends with soft hands;
14.5;?;Oram to Martyn, no run lands on a good length outside off stump and this time Martyn stands and defends;
14.4;?;Oram to Martyn, no run full outside off stump, he gets forward and defends;
14.3;?;Oram to Martyn, no run full outside off stump, he lets it go with ease;
14.2;?;Oram to Martyn, no run good length on the stumps, Martyn stands and drops the hands, ball rolls to the onside where Oram picks up in his followthrough;
14.1;?;Oram to Martyn, no run full on off stump, Martyn flicks to mid-on;
13.6;4;Franklin to Ponting, FOUR runs dropped in halfway down the track and Ponting slams the pull down to the deep backward square leg ropes, super shot;
13.5;4;Franklin to Ponting, FOUR runs too full and he just gets forward and drives that between the nonstriker and the stumps, moves into the drive with awesome balance, and the ball speeds away for four;
13.4;?;Franklin to Ponting, no run more middle and leg and moving into him, Ponting defends to midwicket;
13.3;?;Franklin to Ponting, no run lands on middle and off and moves past him, he gets across the stumps but then watches it like a hawk through to McCullum;
13.2;1;Franklin to Martyn, 1 run moving away from middle and off, Martyn drives airily and gets a thick outside edge down to Fulton at third man;
13.2;1nb;Franklin to Martyn, (no ball) short on middle and leg, sits up and catches Martyn hopping, but its a no ball, poor cricket;
13.1;1;Franklin to Ponting, 1 run full on off stump, Ponting pushes that to mid-off and calls for the run early, and gets it too;
12.6;?;Oram to Martyn, no run full outside off stump and Martyn shoulders arms with a stride forward;
12.5;?;Oram to Martyn, no run well bowled, lands outside off and lifts sharply and Martyn's caught chasing;
12.4;?;Oram to Martyn, no run better ball on a good length outside off, this time Martyn gets his head down and defends;
12.3;4;Oram to Martyn, FOUR runs too short on middle and off and he puts this away with an authoritative pull through midwicket, four more and its the 50 for Australia;
12.3;1nb;Oram to Martyn, (no ball) he oversteps this time, wasnt a bad ball but you cant be doing that;
12.2;4;Oram to Martyn, FOUR runs half-tracker outside off stump, bread and butter for WACA-bred Martyn, who stands and slaps that past a diving Vincent at point for four, easy as, oh...you know what I mean;
12.1;?;Oram to Martyn, no run lands on a good length outside off stump, Martyn stands and keeps that down in front of point with solid technique;
11.6;?;Franklin to Ponting, no run short ball moving across him, he's tucked for room and cant time the cut, ball runs straight to cover;
11.5;?;Franklin to Ponting, no run full on off stump, Ponting comes forward and drives to mid-off this time;
11.4;?;Franklin to Ponting, no run fuller on middle and leg, he comes forward and drives that to Vettori at mid-on;
11.3;?;Franklin to Ponting, no run this lands on leg stump and jumps into Ponting's ribs, sputtered into him as he tried to flick, and he's hurting now;
11.2;1;Franklin to Martyn, 1 run a tad shorter and moving away from Martyn, who stands and chops that past backward point, Fulton comes around from third man and fields on the ropes;
11.1;?;Franklin to Martyn, no run from over the wicket, lands on a shortish length, Martyn stands and defends;
10.6;?;Mills to Ponting, no run lands on a good length on the stumps, Ponting goes back and defends;
10.5;?;Mills to Ponting, no run and we have another awesome reply from the bowler! Lands on a sweet length on off stump, some seam movement away, and Ponting's caught coming forward, ball just misses the edge of the bat as it carries on;
10.4;4;Mills to Ponting, FOUR runs full outside off stump again, but this time he gets that huge stride to the pitch of the ball and drives that on the up past cover-point for four, good shot;
10.3;?;Mills to Ponting, no run full and moving away outside off stump, he gets a huge stride forward and shoulders arms;
10.2;?;Mills to Ponting, no run a fraction shorter outside the off stump, ball didnt sit up that much, and Ponting attempts an ambitious pull across the line but cant even touch the ball;
10.1;?;Mills to Ponting, no run full outside off stump, Ponting comes forward and defends, ball thuds into the pads, Mills lets out a muted appeal, ball clearly outside the line;
9.6;2;Bond to Martyn, 2 runs full once more, this time he times the forward push well in the gat at cover and picks up two, placed;
9.5;?;Bond to Martyn, no run full outside off stump, shoulders arms again;
9.4;2;Bond to Martyn, 2 runs strives for the yorker but its too full on the legs, clipped down to deep backward square leg where Mills comes around and fields, an easy two for the batsmen;
9.3;?;Bond to Martyn, no run full again, this time he gets a stride forward and shoulders arms;
9.2;?;Bond to Martyn, no run fullish outside off stump, Martyn's suckered into a drive and gets beaten;
9.2;1w;Bond to Martyn, 1 wide short and lifting outside off stump, an its called wide again, Bond not happy, looking at Bucknor, he can feel cheated on the last delivery, but not this time;
9.2;5w;Bond to Martyn, 5 wide short and rising outside the off stump, Martyn sways back and the ball speeds away over McCullum and down to the ropes for four, a wide called as well, express delivery though;
9.1;?;Bond to Martyn, no run better, an awkward length and very fast, and Martyn can only defend;
9.1;1w;Bond to Martyn, 1 wide too full outside off stump, he thought about cutting that away but left it alone, and its called wide by Bucknor;
8.6;?;Mills to Ponting, no run wide of offstump and lifting, he shoulders arms for McCullum to collect;
8.5;1;Mills to Martyn, 1 run drifts down the legs and he clips that down to Bond at fine leg;
8.4;?;Mills to Martyn, no run good length ball outside off stump, Martyn hops and defends that to mid-on;
8.3;1lb;Mills to Ponting, 1 leg bye shortish and going down leg, Ponting hops and works that off the hips for one;
8.2;4;Mills to Ponting, FOUR runs pitched up too much, and Ponting walks into a wonderfully-placed straight drive that screams down the turf for four;
8.1;?;Mills to Ponting, no run pitches on a good length on off stump, Ponting goes right back and defends, his head comes down in solid concentration;
7.6;?;Bond to Martyn, no run but this is BOND, and he follows up with a ripper that swings in from outside off stump and cuts Martyn in half, he falls over and the ball somehow misses slicing him open, this is top-class cricket we're viewing here;
7.5;4;Bond to Martyn, FOUR runs short and wide, a bad ball from Bond, and Martyn duly smacks that over point for four, he has so much time this batsman, a gem to watch;
7.4;?;Bond to Martyn, no run full outside off stump, Martyn wants nothing to do with it;
7.4;1w;Bond to Martyn, 1 wide too wide down the pads, ball swung like something and screached into McCullum's gloves;
7.3;1lb;Bond to Ponting, 1 leg bye lands outside off stump and moves in, catches Ponting on the hop, he's struck on the back leg moving across the stumps, a loud appeal from all but that was outside the line, what swing from this man;
7.2;?;Bond to Ponting, no run full and moving away again, not that wide though, and Ponting gets a big stride forward and shoulders arms;
7.2;1w;Bond to Ponting, 1 wide too wide outside off stump and swinging the other way, wide signalled;
7.1;?;Bond to Ponting, no run full outside off stump and moving in, Ponting comes forward and drives, gets an inside edge back onto the front pad;
6.6;4;Mills to Martyn, FOUR runs full again, but this time he just presents the full face of the bat and pushes that between the stumps and mid-on, perfectly placed and he gets four even as Vettori gives chase from mid-on, superb shot;
6.5;?;Mills to Martyn, no run full and he's drawn into a one-handed drive, beaten all ends up, well bowled, sloppy shot;
6.4;?;Mills to Martyn, no run a tad shorter on off stump, he again hops and works that to midwicket;
6.3;?;Mills to Martyn, no run lands on a good length and comes in, turned to Vettori at midwicket, no chance of a run again;
6.2;?;Mills to Martyn, no run pitches on a good length outside off stump, Martyn stands and presents the full face of the bat;
6.1;?;Mills to Martyn, no run full on middle and leg, flicked to Franklin at square leg;
5.6;?;Bond to Ponting, no run full outside off stump, left alone;
5.5;1lb;Bond to Martyn, 1 leg bye comes in again, Martyn beaten for pace and bounce, ball catches him high on the kneel roll, but pitched outside off and was carrying over the stumps, ball rolls to the offside and they pinch a run;
5.4;?;Bond to Martyn, no run lands outside off stump on a shortish length and comes in again, this time Martyn hops and chops that to backward point;
5.3;?;Bond to Martyn, no run movement off the pitch! Fullish length outside off stump and jags in a mile and a half, Martyn leaves it alone and McCullum collects;
5.2;1;Bond to Ponting, 1 run lands outside off stump and moves in sharply, Ponting allows it to come onto him and plays that with soft hands in front of square leg for a good single;
5.1;?;Bond to Ponting, no run a straight delivery outside the off stump, Ponting gets forward and defends, ball rolls to point, loud call of 'NO' from Ponting to Martyn;
4.6;?;Mills to Martyn, no run full outside the off stump, he shoulders arms;
4.5;?;Mills to Martyn, no run fullish and seaming away, Martyn defends away from his body but keeps that along the ground to point;
4.4;1;Mills to Ponting, 1 run drops this a tad shorter and allows Ponting the option of driving off the backfoot in the gap at cover for a quick single;
4.3;?;Mills to Ponting, no run good length ball outside off stump and moving in, no room to drive or cut, and again Ponting's forced to go back and defend;
4.2;?;Mills to Ponting, no run short of a good length on the stumps, Ponting goes back in solid defence;
4.1;?;Mills to Ponting, no run full outside off stump, left alone with a stride forward&;
3.6;1;Bond to Ponting, 1 run fuller on middle and off, he comes forward and flicks past square leg, a much more controlled shot, but another super over;
3.5;?;Bond to Ponting, no run full and swinging again, Ponting lunges forward and defends, gets an inside edge&;
3.4;?;Bond to Ponting, no run reverse-swinging yorker! Full and fast, Ponting comes forward and gets hit smack on the toe, everyone appeals but Bucknor shakes his head, that laned outside off, unfortunately for Bond, but what swing on that ball;
3.3;?;Bond to Ponting, no run moving down leg, he tries to flicks but cant time it well;
3.2;?;Bond to Ponting, no run full again, and again he leaves it alone;
3.1;?;Bond to Ponting, no run full outside off stump, again Ponting gets a stride forward and shoulders arms;
2.6;?;Mills to Martyn, no run full on the stumps, he gets behind the ball and defends to cover;
2.5;W;Mills to Gilchrist, OUT gone! Mills! Pitches on a good length on leg stump, ball stops on him and all he can do is work that off the hips towards midwicket, where Oram dives forward and plucks it as it dips, another tame shot from an Australian and this side's been rocked;Adam Gilchrist c Oram b Mills 3 (13m 11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 27.27;
2.4;1;Mills to Ponting, 1 run full on off stump, Ponting gets onto it and drives that to mid-on, off the mark;
2.3;?;Mills to Ponting, no run full outside off stump, Ponting gets a stride forward and shoulders arms;
2.2;W;Mills to Watson, OUT he's gone! Tamest dismissal I've seen in a while! Pitched on a short of a good length on off stump, Watson goes for an ugly attempt at a pull shot but doesnt time it at all, ball just balloons up ever so slowly to mid-off and Fulton takes it, first blood for New Zealand;Shane Watson c Fulton b Mills 0 (10m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
2.1;1;Mills to Gilchrist, 1 run lands on a good length on and moves in, but Gilchrist's on top of it, pushes that to cover and calls for the run, Watson responds in a flash;
1.6;?;Bond to Watson, no run lands on a good length outside off stump and moves in sharply, Watson tries to tickle that fine but can't time it well, ball trickles to the onside and Marshall from square leg swoops in and fields, good over from Bond;
1.5;?;Bond to Watson, no run a bouncer, quick and sits up off the deck, forces Watson to duck out of harm's way, good pitch this;
1.4;1;Bond to Gilchrist, 1 run angled across him and he stands up and runs that down to third man;
1.3;?;Bond to Gilchrist, no run lands on middle and leg and moves away, Gilchrist stands and defends to the off side;
1.2;?;Bond to Gilchrist, no run this one's wide of off stump and Gilchrist goes for the cut, but gets beaten by the carry on that ball, if he'd hit that it would have raced away;
1.1;?;Bond to Gilchrist, no run from over the wicket, lands on a shortish length and Gilchrist defends to cover;
0.6;?;Mills to Watson, no run a fullish ball outside the off stump, some movement away, and Watson's comfortable just shouldering arms;
0.5;1;Mills to Gilchrist, 1 run short of a length outside off stump, Gilchrist pushes that into the covers and sets off, Australia are on the board;
0.4;?;Mills to Gilchrist, no run changes his length and pitches that right upto him, Gilchrist wasn't expecting it and drives that to mid-off;
0.3;?;Mills to Gilchrist, no run pace and bounce outside the off stump, Gilchrist chases it leaden-footed and gets beaten, that ball flew through to McCullum;
0.2;?;Mills to Gilchrist, no run good ball again, a good length on the stumps, again Gilchrist stands and works that to midwicket;
0.1;?;Mills to Gilchrist, no run good ball, on target, some movement off the pitch, Gilchrist works that to the onside, but no chance of a run;

Hello and welcome to Cricinfo's continuing coverage of the 2006 Champions Trophy. This is your commentator Jamie Alter once again, and I'll be joined by Sriram Veera later in the day.
The match: the first semi-final, between Australia and New Zealand. The venue: the Punjab Cricket Assocation Stadium in Mohali. The scenario: Its a doozy - the winner goes to the final.
The toss: New Zealand has won the toss and Stephen Fleming has opted to bowl first. The big news: Shane Bond is in. Scott Styris' injury has brought Hamish Marshall back into the XI. Australia have fielded the same side that trumped India to make this stage. That equates to four fast bowlers and Shane Watson opening the innings.
The pitch: This is a surface favouring pace, hence Fleming's decision to bowl. Its the same on on which Pakistan were bowled out for a paltry 89 against South Africa. Ian Chappell describes it as having "browned off" after that much, and there isnt as much lateral movement off the pitch. The spray applied to the outfield is believed to have worked insofar as keeping the dew to a minimal goes.
The lowdown: We don't need to remind you - Australia have never gone beyond this stage of the tournament in eight years of its existence. New Zealand have won this before. And these two sides share a storied rivalry.
As my colleague Siddhartha Vaidyanathan pointed out in his match preview yesterday, Australia have won 15 of the last 17 matches played against New Zealand. Australia have romped home by a margin of 40 runs or more on seven occasions. Enough said.
But New Zealand, having won the 2000 edition of this tournament, can carry the confidence of their wins to get them this far. And then there's Bond. In six games against Australia, he's knocked over 22 wickets at a stunning average of 10.45 and has been part of a winning side in three of the six clashes.
They said:
Ricky Ponting: "We expect to win every game but we're not always going to do that. We've had our backs to the wall and we've enjoyed that. This game is a great challenge but no more than the last couple of weeks."
Stephen Fleming: "Australia will say we place more emphasis on it than they do but there's every reason to be excited about this clash."
Right-o, we're set for some action. The umpires, Steve Bucknor and Rudi Koertzen, are out in the middle, as are the New Zealanders. Kyle Mills will do duty with the new ball. Here come the Australian openers, Gilchrist and Watson. Play ball, signals Koertzen!
 Innings Start
Australia hurt New Zealand with the new ball. Dew came into play later and the bowling didn't look as menacing as it was in the earlier stages as Vettori and Oram waged a gritty battle. But Australia have prevailed at the end and are through to the final.
That's it from me, Sriram Veera, and Jamie Alter. Join us tomorrow to catch up the action from the second semi-final between West Indies and South Africa. Till then .... ta!
Oh, and by the way, don't forget to go to www.cricinfo.com/alerts and download our new desktop alerts system. It's all jolly clever, and what is more, it works.
And, if you fancy a holiday in Kenya and a share of ?10,000 prize money, join our Ashes fantasy league. Just pick your dream team for the Ashes and get ready for the action to begin.
Right, enough plugs. I'm off
45.6;W;Lee to Mills, OUT That'd it. Australia make an entry into the final of Champions Trophy for the first time. Lee bangs one short, Mills backs away, again, to attempt a slog but gets a top-edge.;Kyle Mills c ?Gilchrist b Lee 21 (28m 17b 2x4 1x6) SR: 123.52;
45.5;1;Lee to Bond, 1 run Bond gets Mills back on strike with a push to left of Symonds at cover.;
45.4;1;Lee to Mills, 1 run Again Mills backs away, to fore-hand slap a short-of-length delivery through mid-off, down to the man at the deep.;
45.3;?;Lee to Mills, no run Mills backs away again, Lee follows him to cramp him up. Just pushed back down the track;
45.2;4;Lee to Mills, FOUR runs Lee will be bemused now. Mills backed away this time and carved a short delivery past mid-off. Now mid-off goes back and fine-leg is up.;
45.1;?;Lee to Mills, no run Mills gives him the charge, throws his bat at a short of length delivery, intending to send it over deep midwicket, misses. Lee won't be amused.;
44.6;?;Johnson to Bond, no run speared in full, driven back down the track, Johnson stops it and fires it back at the striker's end, Bond tries to get out the way but is hit flush on the boot. Hurt him a bit there.;
44.5;?;Johnson to Bond, no run Johnson bangs it in, Bond goes for a cut, can't connect though.;
44.4;4;Johnson to Bond, FOUR runs Wah! Bond backs away to drill a full-length delivery over extra cover. Well-pitched up and smoked over cover. 41 from 32;
44.3;?;Johnson to Bond, no run kicks up from back of length, Bond tries to cut but is beaten by the extra bounce.;
44.2;?;Johnson to Bond, no run full, just outside the offstump, sliced to point;
44.1;2;Johnson to Bond, 2 runs;
43.6;1;Symonds to Bond, 1 run;
43.5;1;Symonds to Mills, 1 run;
43.4;6;Symonds to Mills, SIX runs Aha! heaved over deep midwicket. RIght in the slot, he swings it with the turn. New Zealand continue to fight;
43.3;4;Symonds to Mills, FOUR runs tossed up full, Mills drills it straight over Symonds head. Symonds wondered whether it would be wise to put a hand up to catch but chooses not to. Wise decision as it was drilled very powerfully,;
43.2;1;Symonds to Bond, 1 run short and outside off, cut past point;
43.1;1;Symonds to Mills, 1 run full, driven to long-on;
42.6;?;Johnson to Bond, no run banged in short, Bond pokes at it, misses.;
42.5;?;Johnson to Bond, no run yorker turns into low full-toss, pushed to point;
42.4;W;Johnson to Vettori, OUT A tired Vettori falls. Australia heave a sigh of relief. Vettori, getting increasingly tired as the innings progressed, backed away outside the leg stump and had a go at a fullish delivery that followed him but the ball rebounded off his pads back on to the stumps.;Daniel Vettori b Johnson 79 (125m 103b 7x4 0x6) SR: 76.69;
42.3;?;Johnson to Vettori, no run;
42.2;1;Johnson to Mills, 1 run Symonds misses a throw. Again Vettori has a lucky escape. Pushed to midwicket and they run with the stroke. Vettori had given up half-way but Symonds misses.;
42.1;1;Johnson to Vettori, 1 run fires in a yorker straight-up, ends up as a low full-toss around the offstump, swatted to mid-on;
41.6;?;Symonds to Mills, no run yorker-length on the middle, dug out to mid-on;
41.5;1;Symonds to Vettori, 1 run;
41.4;1;Symonds to Mills, 1 run;
41.3;3;Symonds to Vettori, 3 runs Almost a run out but bad throw from the deep saves Vettori. Swept from outside offstump and Watson, running in from long-leg, had a shy at the non striker's end but Symonds coudn't grab the half-volley. It landed at a awkward length in front of him...;
41.2;1lb;Symonds to Mills, 1 leg bye turns in from outside off, Mills tries to work it to on side, doesn't connect and the ball runs off the pads to short thirdman;
41.1;?;Symonds to Mills, no run floated outside off, pushed to cover;
40.6;1;Watson to Mills, 1 run banged in short, it rises chest-high, dabbed to the offside;
40.5;3;Watson to Vettori, 3 runs Slightly short of length, on the leg and middle, Vettori opens up his stance by taking the right leg outside the line and pulls it over midwicket. There is a huge gap there. Vettori continues to grit it out.;
40.4;?;Watson to Vettori, no run length-delivery, around the offstump, pushed to cover;
40.3;4;Watson to Vettori, FOUR runs Vettori kills an extremely slower one. Waited for a long time for it to arrive before slapping it past midwicket;
40.2;?;Watson to Vettori, no run full, driven straight but Watson makes a good stop;
40.1;?;Watson to Vettori, no run just outside off, Vettori tries to send it down to thirdman but Ponting inside the circle - one of the two men behind point, within the 30-yard circle- cuts if off.;
39.6;1;Symonds to Vettori, 1 run;
39.5;2;Symonds to Vettori, 2 runs The sweep hasn't been working as well as the late-cut for Vettori. Top-edges it behind square-leg, Watson running in from long-leg is almost beaten by the turn of the ball after landing but adjusts to make a diving stop.;
39.4;1;Symonds to Mills, 1 run tosses this one up, outside off, driven to cover where Mitchell Johnson makes a half-stop diving to his left;
39.3;?;Symonds to Mills, no run slow through the air, turns in from outside off, worked to midwicket;
39.2;1;Symonds to Vettori, 1 run full, flat and on the off, driven to long-off;
39.1;?;Symonds to Vettori, no run;
38.6;W;Watson to Franklin, OUT Watson strikes for Australia. Franklin tries to take inspiration from Vettori and attempts to run a length-delivery outside off to thirdman but gets a faint nick.;James Franklin c ?Gilchrist b Watson 8 (14m 11b 1x4 0x6) SR: 72.72;
38.5;1;Watson to Vettori, 1 run Now he shuffles across outside the offstump to work a length-delivery on the off to fine-leg!;
38.4;?;Watson to Vettori, no run outside off, angling away, cut to first of those two men.. Ponting.;
38.3;1;Watson to Franklin, 1 run on the hips, swatted away past square-leg;
38.2;?;Watson to Franklin, no run ducks under a bouncer. 84 from 70;
38.1;?;Watson to Franklin, no run in the zone outside off, on a length, steered straight to backward point;
37.6;2;Symonds to Vettori, 2 runs Now the sweep shot. Swept in front of square;
37.5;?;Symonds to Vettori, no run;
37.4;4;Symonds to Vettori, FOUR runs And again Vettori pings the thirdman fence. Delicate late-cut .;
37.3;1;Symonds to Franklin, 1 run tip and run. Pushed to right of cover and off they go.;
37.2;4;Symonds to Franklin, FOUR runs Symonds gifts a boundary. Sends across a full toss, must be the dew, and spanked to deep midwicket;
37.1;1;Symonds to Vettori, 1 run from round the stumps, slow through the air, floated in around the middle, driven to long-on;
36.6;?;Watson to Franklin, no run just outside the offstump, steered to point;
36.5;2lb;Watson to Franklin, 2 leg byes;
36.4;1;Watson to Vettori, 1 run pings the thirdman again. He has done it repeatedly this evening. Any room outside the offstump he dabs it fine. If short , like how this delivery was, he slashes it in the air over the widish slip.;
36.3;?;Watson to Vettori, no run around the offstump line, slanting away, Vettori stays beside the line, pushes it to cover;
36.2;?;Watson to Vettori, no run;
36.1;?;Watson to Vettori, no run angling away, kept a touch low, Vettori tries to run it down to thirdman but doesn't connect;
35.6;1;Symonds to Vettori, 1 run very full, on the off, Vettori shuffles across and sweeps it behind square-leg;
35.5;1;Symonds to Franklin, 1 run full, dipping in front of middle and off, goes inside-out to find deep cover;
35.4;?;Symonds to Franklin, no run;
35.3;1;Symonds to Vettori, 1 run driven to long-on;
35.2;1;Symonds to Franklin, 1 run overpitched outside off, driven to deep cover;
35.1;W;Symonds to Oram, OUT Huge breakthrough. Symonds and Gilchrist combo works perfectly for Australia. Very smark work from Gilchrist. Symonds beat Oram in flight and then by the turn off the track. Oram was sucked forward, his back feet dragged outside the crease and as soon as he realised he was had, he tried to plant the feet inside the crease but Gilchrist had quickly whipped off the bails. Just in time. It was very good fighting knock from Oram and his dismissal would hurt New Zealand;Jacob Oram st ?Gilchrist b Symonds 43 (111m 59b 5x4 0x6) SR: 72.88;
34.6;1;Watson to Oram, 1 run on the hips, tucked behind square-leg;
34.5;?;Watson to Oram, no run;
34.4;1;Watson to Vettori, 1 run kicks up from a length, tapped deliberately over the wide slip, down to thirdman;
34.3;?;Watson to Vettori, no run Now Vettori almost drags one back into the stumps. Gilchrist dives to his right to save five runs - it was heading straight for the helmet placed behind him. It was full-length delivery just outside off and Vettori again tried to ping the fine thirdman fence. Gilchrist had moved to his left and then had to change directions;
34.2;1;Watson to Oram, 1 run Dangerous tame push by Oram. Bit early into his shot, he just pushed at a length-delivery and sent it in the air, one bounce to right of mid-off;
34.1;1;Watson to Vettori, 1 run pings the ribs, Vettori is cramped but manages to stab it away to the offside. Oram calls him over for a quick single;
33.6;?;Symonds to Oram, no run;
33.5;1;Symonds to Vettori, 1 run Vettori brings up his 3rd ODI fifty with a pick-up shot towards long-off. Well played Sir.;
33.4;?;Symonds to Vettori, no run Very slow through the air, well flighted as well, outside the offstump, tapped to short thirdman, Vettori wants a run but is sent back;
33.3;1;Symonds to Oram, 1 run from round the stumps, floated in on the middle, full in length, driven to long-on. Brings Vettori on strike. He is on 49;
33.2;1;Symonds to Vettori, 1 run full and outside off, square-driven to deep point;
33.1;?;Symonds to Vettori, no run goes for a sweep shot but doesn't connect;
32.6;1;Watson to Vettori, 1 run Vettori shuffles across to tap a delivery on the middle and leg to fine-leg;
32.5;1;Watson to Oram, 1 run;
32.4;?;Watson to Oram, no run Almost caught by Clarke at backward point. He is not sure whether he has taken it clearly. Just brushed the ground as he tries to scoop it up. Oram had slashed a back-of-length delivery and Clarke threw himself forward but couldn't get his fingers under it completely. He indicated rightaway that he was not sure.;
32.3;?;Watson to Oram, no run Opts for a bouncer again. Oram Sways away.;
32.2;?;Watson to Oram, no run fuller, on the middle and leg, driven to mid-on;
32.1;1;Watson to Vettori, 1 run hit the deck around short of length, on the hips, tucked away to fine-leg;
31.6;?;Symonds to Oram, no run;
31.5;?;Symonds to Oram, no run runs down the track, Symonds hurls in a low full-toss, swatted away, not much force behind it and Hogg, at midwicket, moves to his left to make a smart stop;
31.4;1;Symonds to Vettori, 1 run slightly short and cut to deep point;
31.3;?;Symonds to Vettori, no run;
31.2;1;Symonds to Oram, 1 run tossed up outside off, Oram takes the aerial route, drives over cover;
31.1;?;Symonds to Oram, no run floated on the off, pushed to cover point;
30.6;1;Watson to Oram, 1 run;
30.5;?;Watson to Oram, no run;
30.4;1;Watson to Vettori, 1 run;
30.3;?;Watson to Vettori, no run;
30.2;4;Watson to Vettori, FOUR runs There he goes again. Just outside the off stump, Vettori stays beside the line rather than behind and runs it down real fine. Watson makes a valiant attempt but the sliding takes him beyond the ropes;
30.1;?;Watson to Vettori, no run back of length, slanting away, steered to backward point. Vettori stays adjacent to the line of the ball, doesn't quite come behind it and that allows him to ping thirdman repeatedly;
29.6;1;Johnson to Vettori, 1 run will retain the strike with a nudge to mid-on;
29.5;?;Johnson to Vettori, no run length-delivery, just outside the offstump, Vettori again shapes to run it down to thirdman, but can't beat the widish slip.;
29.4;1;Johnson to Oram, 1 run bit of room outside the offstump, slashed to thirdman;
29.4;2nb;Johnson to Vettori, (no ball) 1 run pushed towards mid-off and runs with the stroke. The singles keep coming.;
29.3;1;Johnson to Oram, 1 run short of length, outside the offstump, cut to deep point.;
29.2;2;Johnson to Oram, 2 runs short of length, on the middle, pulled over midwicket. Will the Australians start to worry now?!;
29.1;?;Johnson to Oram, no run slower ball, delivered like an offbreak, full in length, steered to point;
28.6;1;Watson to Oram, 1 run just outside offstump, short in length, punched to cover;
28.5;?;Watson to Oram, no run Watson likes his bouncers. I wonder whether he likes them at discotheques too. First bouncer of the night - won't be the last- and Oram ducks under;
28.4;1;Watson to Vettori, 1 run on the middle and off, full in length, Vettori taps it close on the off side, to right of short cover and runs with the stroke.&;
28.3;1lb;Watson to Oram, 1 leg bye on the hips, another failed flick shot, another leg bye.;
28.2;1;Watson to Vettori, 1 run slanted delivery, just outside off, run down to thirdman;
28.1;?;Watson to Vettori, no run on the legs, kept a touch low, Oram tries to flick it away, doesn't connect and it rolls off the pads;
27.6;1;Johnson to Vettori, 1 run manages to dab it to thirdman this time. This delivery remained just outside off, giving him room to cut fine;
27.5;?;Johnson to Vettori, no run length-delivery, coming in from outside the offstump, Vettori doesn't quite find the room to dab it fine, ends up steering to backward point;
27.4;?;Johnson to Vettori, no run;
27.3;4;Johnson to Vettori, FOUR runs Lovely dab to thirdman. Ala Arjuna Ranatunga. He let the slightly short-of-length delivery to come to him, opened the bat-face and ran it down fine.;
27.2;1;Johnson to Oram, 1 run much fuller, on the off and middle, Oram is caught a bit at the crease, ends up pushing his bat out in a hurry, gets a single on the on side;
27.1;?;Johnson to Oram, no run hit the deck around short of length, just outside the offstump, punched to short cover;
27.1;1w;Johnson to Oram, 1 wide pushes it down the leg side. wide called.;
26.6;?;Lee to Vettori, no run on a length, around the off stump line, pushed to point;
26.6;1nb;Lee to Vettori, (no ball);
26.5;1;Lee to Oram, 1 run Oh ho! heave over midwicket. Didn't quite get hold of it but should have been two but Oram slips at the non-strikers end. Blame the dew.;
26.4;?;Lee to Oram, no run aims for the blockhole, driven to cover;
26.3;2;Lee to Oram, 2 runs full and drifting onto the legs, flicked past midwicket. 100 up for New Zealand. The fightback continues.;
26.2;1;Lee to Vettori, 1 run;
26.1;1;Lee to Oram, 1 run short of length, on the off, punched on the up to cover;
25.6;4;Johnson to Vettori, FOUR runs Firmly punched down the ground.Vettori continues to fight. In the slot, Vettori leant forward and presented the full face of the bat.;
25.5;?;Johnson to Vettori, no run on the offstump line, slanting in, pushed to cover;
25.4;1;Johnson to Oram, 1 run gets off the strike with a nudged-single to the on side;
25.3;?;Johnson to Oram, no run length-delivery, coming in with the angle, Oram pokes at it, gets an inside edge ... ball drops near the stumps;
25.2;?;Johnson to Oram, no run banged in short, and Oram was caught in bit of tangle as he expected the ball to climb more than it did - ended up just above waist-high - but adjusted to push it away to the offside;
25.1;1;Johnson to Vettori, 1 run full-length delivery, angling in from the offstump line, Vettori stabs at it, and gets a single behind square-leg;
24.6;?;Lee to Oram, no run full outside off stump, driven to cover;
24.5;1;Lee to Vettori, 1 run full on off stump, he goes back and works that in the gap at midwicket for one more;
24.4;1;Lee to Oram, 1 run short and rising outside off stump, Oram was in two minds, looked to leave it alone and gets an edge down to third man;
24.3;?;Lee to Oram, no run wide of off stump, Vettori shoulders arms;
24.2;1;Lee to Vettori, 1 run comes into him, he hops and works that to midwicket for one;
24.1;1;Lee to Oram, 1 run full on off stump, worked to square leg;
23.6;?;Johnson to Vettori, no run short and wide, he chops the cut into the ground in front of Clarke at point;
23.5;1;Johnson to Oram, 1 run lands on middle and leg and he works that in the gap at square leg;
23.4;1;Johnson to Vettori, 1 run full outside off stump, he gets to the pitch and drives to Martyn at mid-off for one;
23.3;?;Johnson to Vettori, no run he bangs in the bouncer and Vettori ducks down onto his haunches;
23.2;?;Johnson to Vettori, no run full on the stumps and its defended back to Johnson;
23.1;?;Johnson to Vettori, no run lands outside off stump and nips in sharply, ball gets tangled in Vettori's pads somewhere, ahh its between his legs and he removes it and drops it at his feet;
22.6;4;Bracken to Oram, FOUR runs oh ho! Full outside off stump and Oram frees the arms, simply picks that up over mid-off and doesnt even bother to run, expensive over this for Australia;
22.5;4;Bracken to Oram, FOUR runs immense! Full in the zone and Oram punches that dead straight between Vettori and the stumps and the ball scorches down to the ropes, fine as they come;
22.4;3;Bracken to Vettori, 3 runs full outside off stump, Vettori plants the front foot forward and drives in the air past mid-off, Martyn gives chase and pulls that back in with a fine dive on the ropes, just flicks that in as he himself goes over;
22.3;4;Bracken to Vettori, FOUR runs drifts to leg stump and Vettori clips that well past square leg to get four, good cricketing sense shown by a gritty customer;
22.2;?;Bracken to Vettori, no run fuller this time, in a good channel, Vettori plays that late into the covers;
22.1;?;Bracken to Vettori, no run lands outside off stump and seams past Vettori's backfoot waft;
21.6;4;Johnson to Oram, FOUR runs drifts to middle and leg, moving down, and he flicks that superbly in the gap at midwicket, a simple roll of the wrists against the pace of the ball, and picks up four, well played;
21.6;1w;Johnson to Oram, 1 wide too short and drifting down leg, he attempts to smash that off the hips but its called wide anyways;
21.5;?;Johnson to Oram, no run lands outside off stump and carries to Gilchrist at a good height as Oram leaves it alone;
21.4;2;Johnson to Oram, 2 runs shortish around off stump, Oram defends and runs that down to third man where Lee dives well and stops the four;
21.3;?;Johnson to Oram, no run lands on a great length outside off stump and whizzes past Oram's backfoot prod;
21.2;1;Johnson to Vettori, 1 run short and he swivels on the pull through square leg;
21.1;?;Johnson to Vettori, no run good ball outside off stump, left alone;
20.6;1;Bracken to Vettori, 1 run strives for the yorker but ends up a low full toss, Vettori punches wide of mid-off;
20.5;?;Bracken to Vettori, no run lands wide of off stump, Vettori plays and misses;
20.4;?;Bracken to Vettori, no run angled into middle and leg, worked straight to Watson at midwicket;
20.3;2;Bracken to Vettori, 2 runs this one moves into him as its much closer to off stump, Vettori drives in the air towards mid-off and finds the gap;
20.3;1w;Bracken to Vettori, 1 wide identical delivery, and Vettori shoulders arms with a stride forward;
20.2;?;Bracken to Vettori, no run wider outside off stump, again Vettori leaves it alone;
20.1;?;Bracken to Vettori, no run full and fast outside off stump, Vettori leaves it alone;
19.6;?;McGrath to Oram, no run he moves to over the wicket and fires in the yorker, well bowled and well dug out;
19.5;1;McGrath to Vettori, 1 run this lands outside off stump and jags into him and he runs that past point;
19.4;4;McGrath to Vettori, FOUR runs short and moving into him, Vettori chops the late cut past Ponting at second slip and picks up four, streaky but effective;
19.3;?;McGrath to Vettori, no run full this time and Vettori gets to the pitch and drives to mid-off, well played;
19.2;?;McGrath to Vettori, no run this one comes in and Vettori's again beaten on the backfoot chop, well bowled;
19.1;?;McGrath to Vettori, no run lands outside off and moves away, Vettori is beaten on the backfoot as he prods;
18.6;?;Bracken to Oram, no run full and wide outside off stump, he shoulders arms to this one;
18.5;4;Bracken to Oram, FOUR runs full on the pads, flicked imperiously over square leg for four, top shot;
18.4;1;Bracken to Vettori, 1 run dropped! Full and wide, Vettori flays the bat at it and Hussey drops a sitter at first slip, in and out of his hands;
18.3;?;Bracken to Vettori, no run lands outside off stump and seams away past his backfoot prod;
18.2;?;Bracken to Vettori, no run full again, draws him into a leaden-footed drive and the thick edge lands just in front of Ponting at second slip, lucky for him;
18.1;?;Bracken to Vettori, no run full on off stump, Vettori defends back to the bowler;
17.6;1;McGrath to Vettori, 1 run lands on middle and leg and its worked to square leg for one;
17.5;?;McGrath to Vettori, no run full once more, he leaves this alone;
17.4;?;McGrath to Vettori, no run full again, he drives to covers;
17.3;?;McGrath to Vettori, no run comes onto him quickly, he comes forward and defends, gets an inside edge;
17.2;?;McGrath to Vettori, no run full again, defended;
17.1;?;McGrath to Vettori, no run full outside off stump, driven to mid-off;
16.6;4;Bracken to Oram, FOUR runs full in the zone, driven back in the air over Bracken's head down to long-off;
16.6;1w;Bracken to Oram, 1 wide full outside off stump, Oram flays the bat at that but fails to reach it, wide called;
16.5;?;Bracken to Oram, no run full outside off stump, driven to Johnson at mid-off;
16.4;1;Bracken to Vettori, 1 run full outside off stump, squeezed past gully down to third man;
16.3;?;Bracken to Vettori, no run full outside off stump, left alone;
16.2;1lb;Bracken to Oram, 1 leg bye rapped on the legs as he attempts to flick, they pinch a run;
16.1;?;Bracken to Oram, no run full on off stump, worked to midwicket with a call of 'WAIT' back to his partner;
15.6;?;McGrath to Vettori, no run dragged in short, but Vettori's pull into the ground cant beat Watson at midwicket;
15.5;?;McGrath to Vettori, no run a fraction wider this time, Vettori chops that to Clarke on the move at point;
15.4;?;McGrath to Vettori, no run good ball on the stumps, defended with tight technique to mid-off;
15.3;?;McGrath to Vettori, no run good ball outside off, Vettori covers his off stump - thankfully - and allows it to pass;
15.2;?;McGrath to Vettori, no run full outside off stump, left alone;
15.1;?;McGrath to Vettori, no run lands on a good length outside off stump and moves away, he shoulders arms;
14.6;3;Bracken to Vettori, 3 runs drifts to middle and leg, Vettori plays that well in the gap at midwicket and gets off the mark;
14.5;?;Bracken to Vettori, no run full outside off stump again, Vettori drives and gets beaten by the movement;
14.4;?;Bracken to Vettori, no run full outside off stump, left alone;
14.4;1w;Bracken to Vettori, 1 wide too far away, wide called;
14.3;?;Bracken to Vettori, no run good ball on the stumps, pushed to cover;
14.2;W;Bracken to McCullum, OUT Gone! A fullish ball on middle and leg, McCullum tries to work that over mid-on, ball bobs up and Martyn takes a good catch moving to his right, Bracken gets another;Brendon McCullum c Martyn b Bracken 1 (2m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
14.1;?;Bracken to McCullum, no run lands on leg stump and raps the pads, Bracken shouts but that was carrying on too high;
13.6;1;McGrath to McCullum, 1 run short and wide, McCullum chases it and gets a thick edge down to third man;
13.5;?;McGrath to McCullum, no run good ball first-up, lands outside off and draws him into a tame prod;
13.4;W;McGrath to Fulton, OUT yeah, he has NO idea where his off stump is! Lands on a good length outside off stump and moves in, Fulton shoulders arms of all things and looks back to see his off stump pegged back! Wasnt even a deadly delivery or anything, just a basic error on Fulton's part. McGrath gets a third!;Peter Fulton b McGrath 2 (18m 13b 0x4 0x6) SR: 15.38;
13.3;?;McGrath to Fulton, no run lands on a good length and Fulton goes back and defends, too much of defensive mode here;
13.2;1lb;McGrath to Oram, 1 leg bye short ball on middle and leg, Oram moves away but gets smacked on the helmet;
13.1;?;McGrath to Oram, no run lands outside off stump and moves away, Oram shoulders arms;
12.6;1;Bracken to Oram, 1 run lands outside off and moves away, forces Oram to play at that and he gets a thick edge down to Johnson at third man;
12.5;?;Bracken to Oram, no run lands outside off and goes the other way this time, Oram takes the bottom hand off the bat and withdraws;
12.4;?;Bracken to Oram, no run full outside off stump and moving in considerably, Oram decides to leave it alone;
12.3;?;Bracken to Oram, no run lands outside off stump and moves away, Oram leaves it;
12.2;1;Bracken to Fulton, 1 run lands on leg stump and hurries him into a weak hop, ball clips the pads and runs fine;
12.1;?;Bracken to Fulton, no run lands on middle and leg and moves in, Fulton stands and gets an inside edge to square leg;
11.6;?;McGrath to Oram, no run lands on off stump and comes into Oram, who stands and keeps that out;
11.5;1;McGrath to Fulton, 1 run full and wide, Fulton unleashes an airy square drive that doesnt carry to Clarke at point, uppishly played, a close call;
11.4;?;McGrath to Fulton, no run lands on middle and leg and moves into Fulton, who hops and gets rapped on the leg, McGrath's got his number;
11.3;?;McGrath to Fulton, no run lands outside off stump and jags in, catches him on the hop;
11.2;?;McGrath to Fulton, no run Fulton's clueless as he hangs the bat out at a short ball outside off stump, I take back my statement about him knowing where his off stump is;
11.1;?;McGrath to Fulton, no run lands this one on a sweet length outside off stump, draws him forward and then shapes it away, beaten;
10.6;?;Bracken to Oram, no run full again and he leaves it alone;
10.5;?;Bracken to Oram, no run full outside off again, left alone;
10.4;W;Bracken to Fleming, OUT Well bowled! A fullish length outside off stump, after moving his way wider and wider with the previous deliveries Bracken brings one in closer and draws Fleming into the drive and then gets the ball to curl away exaggeratedly, and its a simple thick edge into Ponting's safe hands at second slip;Stephen Fleming c Ponting b Bracken 15 (51m 28b 2x4 0x6) SR: 53.57;
10.3;?;Bracken to Fleming, no run thats too far and swinging away, surprised it wasn't called wide;
10.2;?;Bracken to Fleming, no run delivered from wide of the crease, too full and far away and Fleming shoulders arms;
10.1;?;Bracken to Fleming, no run a good length outside off stump, left alone by Fleming;
9.6;?;McGrath to Fulton, no run good ball outside off stump lifts as Fulton pulls the bat out of the way, quality over that from McG;
9.5;?;McGrath to Fulton, no run this one lands outside off stump and goes the other way, Fulton hops and awkwardly decides against a shot;
9.4;?;McGrath to Fulton, no run McGrath rolls the fingers over that one, lands outside off stump and moves in but Fulton knows where his off stump is and leaves it alone;
9.3;?;McGrath to Fulton, no run good, short ball outside off stump, welcome, welcome says McGrath and Fulton quickly drops the wrists to get out of harm's way;
9.2;W;McGrath to Marshall, OUT all over! I saw this one coming; Marshall just stands and dabs the bat at a wide delivery outside the off stump, and its a regulation edge into Gilchrist's palms, McGrath gets another, its back to the hut for that kid;Hamish Marshall c ?Gilchrist b McGrath 5 (13m 13b 0x4 0x6) SR: 38.46;
9.1;?;McGrath to Marshall, no run moves in from that sweet spot outside off stump, defended into the covers;
8.6;1;Lee to Marshall, 1 run back of a good length outside off stump, he rocks back and pushes into the covers, calls for the single and gets it to keep strike;
8.6;1w;Lee to Marshall, 1 wide full and fast outside off stump, swings farther away and Rudi K calls it wide;
8.5;?;Lee to Marshall, no run short this time but Marshall cant time the cut well, nearly chops onto the off stump, room wasnt really there for an expansive cut;
8.4;?;Lee to Marshall, no run pitches on a good length on off stump, Marshall gets behind the ball and defends;
8.3;1;Lee to Fleming, 1 run moves into him, some extra bounce hustles Fleming but he plays that late and keeps it down to fine leg, intelligently played;
8.2;?;Lee to Fleming, no run tries a bouncer outside off stump, no danger for Fleming, who says naah, mate, I wont chase those;
8.1;?;Lee to Fleming, no run from around the wicket this time, angled into Fleming, who coolly defends to point with soft hands;
7.6;1lb;McGrath to Fleming, 1 leg bye comes into him from middle and leg, Fleming's caught on the hop, Marshall tries for the legbye and manages despite a sharp throw from square leg;
7.5;1;McGrath to Marshall, 1 run short and wide, Marshall stands and tries the uppercut, ball bounces down to Mitchell Johnson sliding on the third man ropes;
7.4;?;McGrath to Marshall, no run good movement off the surface outside off stump, Marshall negotiates the length and shoulders arms;
7.4;1w;McGrath to Marshall, 1 wide too far outside off stump and too much swing, another wide given up by Australia;
7.3;?;McGrath to Marshall, no run lands on a length and comes into him, Marshall covers his off stump in a jiffy and defends that down into the off side;
7.2;2;McGrath to Marshall, 2 runs full ball comes into him, Marshall times that well and drives past Bracken at mid-on for a brace;
7.1;?;McGrath to Marshall, no run bounced down the leg, Marshall ducks out of danger;
6.6;?;Lee to Fleming, no run a good length outside off stump, Fleming has nothing to do with it, good over from Lee;
6.5;1;Lee to Marshall, 1 run full outside off stump, Marshall gets forward and pushes that in the gap at cover and Symonds gives chase, just the single to get off the mark;
6.4;?;Lee to Marshall, no run lands on a good length and moves in, back and across goes Marshall as he defends back to Lee;
6.4;1w;Lee to Marshall, 1 wide full outside off stump, down onto one knee goes Marshall as he tries a square drive, but bat came down late;
6.3;?;Lee to Marshall, no run good length on off stump, Marshall hops and defends to leg;
6.2;W;Lee to Astle, OUT cleaned him up! Fast and furious outside the off stump on a great length, nips in a long way and Astle, who's feet go nowhere, can only poke at that and look on in horror as his middle stump goes for a walk, indecisive footwork didnt help, and well bowled Lee;Nathan Astle b Lee 0 (3m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
6.1;3;Lee to Fleming, 3 runs on a good length outside off stump, Fleming is not to the pitch of it but follows through with the drive, played on the up but in the gap, they run hard for three;
6.1;1w;Lee to Fleming, 1 wide short and wide, Fleming tries to reach it but cant, wide called;
5.6;?;McGrath to Astle, no run full and seaming away outside off stump, Astle hops forward and pokes at it, but gets beaten, fine over from McGrath...wonder how many times we've all seen that type of dismissal?;
5.5;?;McGrath to Astle, no run angled wide of off stump and Astle shoulders arms;
5.4;?;McGrath to Astle, no run good ball first up, fullish outside off stump and he gets forward and defends;
5.3;W;McGrath to Vincent, OUT gone, simple as can be! Lands the ball on the money outside off stump, Vincent comes forward and pokes, head is going towards mid-off, eyes are elsewhere, the face of the bat is opened and the result is a simple edge to Ponting at second slip and Vincent's woeful tournament continues;Lou Vincent c Ponting b McGrath 1 (23m 15b 0x4 0x6) SR: 6.66;
5.2;1;McGrath to Fleming, 1 run nips into him from middle and leg, movement off the pitch, Fleming taps that in front of cover for the single;
5.1;?;McGrath to Fleming, no run full ball lands outside off stump and carries into Gilchrist's gloves, Fleming left that alone;
4.6;?;Lee to Vincent, no run good ball that cuts in from off stump and raps Vincent's pad as he goes forward, clearly going down leg;
4.5;1;Lee to Fleming, 1 run good ball outside off stump, Fleming squeezes that in the gap at gully for one down to third man;
4.4;?;Lee to Fleming, no run short and wide outside off stump, this time Fleming leaves it alone;
4.3;?;Lee to Fleming, no run full in the blockhole and well dug out by Fleming;
4.2;?;Lee to Fleming, no run middle and off line, Fleming drops the hands on that one as he looks for a sharp single in front of point, but wisely decides against it;
4.2;1w;Lee to Fleming, 1 wide lands outside off and moves too much, wide called by Koertzen;
4.1;1;Lee to Vincent, 1 run full on middle and leg, tucked to midwicket for one;
3.6;4;McGrath to Fleming, FOUR runs short and wide, Fleming rocks back and cuts uppishly, gets a thicl edge but luckily for him its between second slip and gully and he picks up runs down to third man;
3.5;4;McGrath to Fleming, FOUR runs strays onto leg stump and he clips that down to fine leg for four;
3.4;?;McGrath to Fleming, no run good ball on the stumps, defended by Fleming;
3.3;?;McGrath to Fleming, no run another fullish delivery landing outside off stump is left alone;
3.2;?;McGrath to Fleming, no run similar ball moves across him, but its well left by Fleming;
3.1;?;McGrath to Fleming, no run moves this across him from middle and off, he leaves it alone;
2.6;?;Lee to Vincent, no run good ball on the off stump, and its well played by Vincent who keeps bat and pad together this time;
2.5;?;Lee to Vincent, no run good ball, moves into him and Vincent's caught on the pad, but the ball was carrying down leg;
2.4;?;Lee to Vincent, no run good movement from outside off stump, cuts in a foot and beats Vincent's premeditated back-foot waft;
2.3;1;Lee to Fleming, 1 run more into middle and leg, Fleming comes forward and defends, ball pops up in front of midwicket and Fleming decides to pinch a single and get off the mark;
2.2;?;Lee to Fleming, no run good stuff, bowled at a good pace outside off stump, draws Fleming into the stand-and-hang-bat-out routine, and misses shaving the edge;
2.1;?;Lee to Fleming, no run short ball outside off stump, left alone by Fleming;
1.6;?;McGrath to Vincent, no run relatively straightforward ball outside off stump, Vincent hurries to get over it and smother any movement;
1.5;?;McGrath to Vincent, no run this time moves it in an inch and succeeds in getting Vincent to prod forward, and as planned the ball swishes past the outer edge, well bowled;
1.4;?;McGrath to Vincent, no run typical McGrath channel outside off stump, probing, asking the batsman to play at it but Vincent resists once more;
1.4;1w;McGrath to Vincent, 1 wide bad ball, far too wide of off stump, up go Bucknor's arms;
1.3;?;McGrath to Vincent, no run this lands outside off stump and comes in, Vincent's rapped on the front leg but umpire Bucknor says no stroke offered, and that's going over leg stump;
1.2;?;McGrath to Vincent, no run identical delivery, ball jags off the seam, again Vincent shoulders arms;
1.1;?;McGrath to Vincent, no run full outside the off stump, some lateral movement off the pitch, Vincent judges it and shoulders arms;
0.6;?;Lee to Fleming, no run full outside off stump, left alone again;
0.5;?;Lee to Fleming, no run good length on the stumps, Fleming takes the bottom hands off it as he defends to cover;
0.4;?;Lee to Fleming, no run full and wide of him, and he chooses to leave it go;
0.4;2w;Lee to Vincent, 2 wide lands halfway down the track and slips down leg, Gilchrist dives but doesnt field cleanly;
0.3;?;Lee to Vincent, no run good delivery lands a fraction outside off stump and kicks past Vincent's back-foot waft;
0.2;?;Lee to Vincent, no run full on the stumps, pushed back to Lee;
0.1;?;Lee to Vincent, no run bang on target, a full-length delivery on the stumps, Vincent is forced to defend;

Welcome back. Stephen Fleming and Lou Vincent are out in the middle. Brett Lee's got the new ball. New Zealand need 241 to win. Here's Lee!
 Innings Start
Australia
New Zealand
1st Semi Final (D/N), Mohali, Nov 1 2006, ICC Champions Trophy
240/9
206
Player of the match is Glenn McGrath, AUS
Australia won by 34 runs
