Data
Connor: "In the last 10 Tests at the Gabba the team batting first has averaged 43.24 per wicket - so India's score is about par - just a tad below. The team batting second has averaged 33.22 per wicket - so that would give India some encouragement. The problem is when Aust have batted second they have averaged 58.92. "
Nisarg: "Stat Alert: First instance where two wicketkeepers got 6 dismissals in an innings against the same team in a calendar year. BJ Watling and Brad Haddin, 6 each, against India in 2014."
Jose: "The OZ bowlers conducted some tutorials for the Indian bowlers. Josh showed the pacers where to pitch the balls. Lyon's deliveries which got Aaron & Yadav showed Ashwin what an off-spinner can do, despite the stereotyped notion that Australia is friendly to wrist & leg spinners and not to off spinners. If Indian bowlers can execute those lessons, game on for India."
Will Mac: "India 58 runs more than par on this wicket I feel. Discipline (by both bat and ball) is the key on this wicket"
Looch: "Aaron most definitely hit that, it was quite obvious on the replay. I don't know how you did not see it unless you don't access to TV coverage." I concede that I may have missed the decisive replay while typing out the commentary.
Shushank: "A TRIBUTE TO PHILLIP HUGHES BY INDIA #408"
12.11pm Lunch, and Australia will feel much better than they did at the start of the day's play. Hazlewood bowled quite beautifully to finish with a five-for, and he looked like taking wickets whenever he hit that right length. India's seamers will have watched that, but will they be able to bowl in those right areas? If they do, they could put Australia under pressure, considering they have a pretty good first-innings total behind them.
109.4;W;Lyon to Yadav, OUT And that is that. Umesh goes for the slog-sweep from outside off, and he picks out Rogers at deep midwicket;Umesh Yadav c Rogers b Lyon 9 (32m 21b 2x4 0x6) SR: 42.85;
109.3;1;Lyon to Sharma, 1 run full, angled in towards the pads, clipped away past short leg;
109.2;?;Lyon to Sharma, no run tossed up wide outside off and Ishant puts that long reach to use and defends solidly;
109.1;?;Lyon to Sharma, no run full on middle and leg, tucked away to the right of short leg;
108.6;?;Johnson to Yadav, no run length ball outside off, and it beats Umesh's hesitant poke;
108.5;?;Johnson to Yadav, no run full and wide again, left alone;
108.4;?;Johnson to Yadav, no run short now, on an off-stump line, and Umesh hurriedly spins away from the line;
108.3;?;Johnson to Yadav, no run full and wide and he goes for the big drive and can't connect;
108.2;?;Johnson to Yadav, no run back of a length on middle stump, defended into the off side without too much footwork.;
108.1;?;Johnson to Yadav, no run full, very wide outside off. Umesh leaves it alone. Didn't really have a choice there;
107.6;W;Lyon to Aaron, OUT that's a stunner at short leg! Classic offie's dismissal, loop and dip, turn and bounce from outside off as he pushes forward to defend. Pops up into the leg side, and the substitute fielder at short leg, Marnus Labuschagne, moves in in a flash and dives forward to take it with his right hand, inches off the ground. I'm not sure whether it was bat-pad or bat tucked behind pad and simply off the pad. There was a hotspot on the inside edge, but I'm not sure if it was the impact of bat on ball or bat on pad. Also, it looks like he may have grazed the ball on the ground after taking the catch.;Varun Aaron c sub (M Labuschagne) b Lyon 4 (14m 11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 36.36;
107.5;?;Lyon to Aaron, no run down the track again, gets too close to the pitch of the ball and ends up jabbing it to short mid-on;
107.4;?;Lyon to Aaron, no run tossed up outside off, presses forward to defend;
107.3;2;Lyon to Aaron, 2 runs down the track now and there's the big mow over mid-on. Miscued, falls well short of the boundary;
107.2;?;Lyon to Aaron, no run dropped. Comes forward to defend as this dips and spins in from outside off. Gets a thick outside edge and it bounces off Haddin's gloves;
107.1;2;Lyon to Aaron, 2 runs down the track and that is a gorgeous shot. It was tossed up quite wide and he eased it into the gap between cover and mid-off;
106.6;?;Hazlewood to Yadav, no run full on leg stump, driven to the left of mid-on, who makes a tumbling stop;
106.5;?;Hazlewood to Yadav, no run good bouncer, follows Umesh, who hurriedly gets out of the way and ducks, taking his eye off the ball;
106.4;?;Hazlewood to Yadav, no run back of a length wide outside off. Umesh throws his bat at it and fails to connect;
106.3;?;Hazlewood to Yadav, no run length ball outside off, moves away a touch and beats Umesh's no-footwork poke;
106.2;4;Hazlewood to Yadav, FOUR runs short ball and it was onto Umesh very quickly. He was halfway through his pull and he top-edged it over the keeper's head;
106.1;?;Hazlewood to Yadav, no run looks to clear his front leg and smash the full, wide ball over Hazlewood's head. Ends up hitting it into the ground and it rolls back to the bowler;
105.6;?;Lyon to Aaron, no run nice flight outside off and Aaron presses forward into a solid-looking defensive shot;
105.5;1;Lyon to Yadav, 1 run down the track now and goes for the big slog. Ends up hitting it squarer than intended and deep backward square leg runs to his right to make the stop;
105.4;?;Lyon to Yadav, no run tossed up, angled across towards off stump, blocked towards short mid-on;
105.3;4;Lyon to Yadav, FOUR runs down the leg side now and Umesh frees his arms to sweep, beats long leg to his right;
105.2;?;Lyon to Yadav, no run tossed up outside leg, defended to short leg off the front foot;
105.1;?;Lyon to Yadav, no run length ball on leg stump, defended towards short leg;
104.6;?;Hazlewood to Aaron, no run short ball., Aaron looks to pull without getting behind the line and can't connect;
104.5;?;Hazlewood to Aaron, no run full, angling in towards middle stump, punched to mid-off;
104.4;?;Hazlewood to Aaron, no run length ball outside off. Aaron gets a thick edge looking to drive on the up and the ball drops short of Shaun Marsh at third slip;
104.3;?;Hazlewood to Aaron, no run looks for the bouncer, but it's too far outside off to trouble Aaron;
104.2;W;Hazlewood to Dhoni, OUT that's five on debut! A bit of inward movement from a good length. Dhoni was looking to leave, made the decision late, and the ball clipped his inside edge as the bat went up and Haddin takes a sixth catch;MS Dhoni c ?Haddin b Hazlewood 33 (96m 53b 4x4 0x6) SR: 62.26;
104.1;2;Hazlewood to Dhoni, 2 runs short, and Dhoni swings his entire body around into the pull. Johnson does well to slide to his left at long leg and make the stop;
103.6;1;Lyon to Dhoni, 1 run down the track now, clipped away wristily to long-on;
103.5;?;Lyon to Dhoni, no run floated up towards middle and off and he comes forward a long way to defend, doesn't get to the pitch and it turns and hits his pad;
103.4;?;Lyon to Dhoni, no run pushed through a bit quicker, not much turn. Dhoni goes deep in his crease to defend;
103.3;?;Lyon to Dhoni, no run full outside leg and he gets a big stride out to defend. Turns past his inside edge and hits his pad;
103.2;4;Lyon to Dhoni, FOUR runs out comes the reverse-sweep. Gets into position early and slaps it away to the backward point boundary;
103.1;2;Lyon to Dhoni, 2 runs back of a length, and he goes back and tucks it away fine. The man at backward square leg is fairly square, and he has to put in the slide to pull it back inside the rope;
102.6;?;Hazlewood to Yadav, no run back of a length outside off, Umesh lets it go through to the keeper;
102.5;?;Hazlewood to Yadav, no run length ball, a bit of shape in towards off stump. Umesh goes on the back foot to punch that into the covers;
102.4;?;Hazlewood to Yadav, no run length ball, angling in towards off stump, defended into the covers;
102.3;W;Hazlewood to Ashwin, OUT got him! That was a beautiful length outside off, a bit of movement away off the pitch. Ashwin's bat comes down at an angle as he looks for the drive, and Watson takes a waist-high catch at first slip;Ravichandran Ashwin c Watson b Hazlewood 35 (57m 41b 6x4 0x6) SR: 85.36;
102.2;2;Hazlewood to Ashwin, 2 runs back of a length, cuts in from outside off as Ashwin looks to punch through the covers and the inside edge narrowly misses off stump;
102.1;?;Hazlewood to Ashwin, no run length ball outside off, left alone;
101.6;?;Lyon to Dhoni, no run quicker now and he plays from the crease, works it to the same fielder at backward square leg;
101.5;?;Lyon to Dhoni, no run a touch shorter and he goes back and tucks it away to backward square leg;
101.4;?;Lyon to Dhoni, no run goes back to a length ball again, this one was flatter and quicker, and it turned sharply and smacked him on the pad. Bit of inside edge on it as he hurriedly tried to work it leg side;
101.3;?;Lyon to Dhoni, no run length ball on leg stump and he goes deep in his crease to work it to backward square leg;
101.2;?;Lyon to Dhoni, no run down the track now, and he nurdles it away to the right of short leg;
101.1;?;Lyon to Dhoni, no run tossed up on middle and leg, defended wristily into the on side;
100.6;?;Hazlewood to Ashwin, no run full on middle and off, driven to the fielder at short mid-on;
100.5;?;Hazlewood to Ashwin, no run back of a length outside off, defended to short extra cover;
100.4;?;Hazlewood to Ashwin, no run fullish outside off, left alone;
100.3;4;Hazlewood to Ashwin, FOUR runs full on middle stump and there's the Ashwin flick again, screams away through straight midwicket;
100.2;4;Hazlewood to Ashwin, FOUR runs back of a length, wide outside off. Ashwin goes at it with an angled bat without any footwork and it flies off the outside edge between gully and backward point;
100.1;1;Hazlewood to Dhoni, 1 run sees Dhoni walking across and bowls it full on middle and leg. He works it away through square leg;
99.6;?;Lyon to Ashwin, no run down the leg side now and he goes back and tucks it to short leg;
99.5;?;Lyon to Ashwin, no run fuller now and he comes forward to defend towards short leg;
99.4;?;Lyon to Ashwin, no run back of a length on leg stump and he goes deep in his crease to play that down to the right of short leg;
99.3;1;Lyon to Dhoni, 1 run goes on the back foot, looks to make room but it turns in and cramps him. He clubs it down to long-on - more a deep mid-on - for the single;
99.2;?;Lyon to Dhoni, no run a bit of air now and Dhoni is down the track to tuck it to short midwicket;
99.1;?;Lyon to Dhoni, no run back of a length on leg stump. Dhoni goes on the back foot and works it to the man at backward square leg;
98.6;?;Starc to Ashwin, no run back of a length outside off, defended off the back foot;
98.5;4;Starc to Ashwin, FOUR runs on the pads and Ashwin flicks it away once again. Rogers was in that two-thirds forward square leg but it flew away very quickly to his left;
98.5;1w;Starc to Ashwin, 1 wide short, wide outside off, left alone again. Erasmus signals wide;
98.4;?;Starc to Ashwin, no run another bouncer. Ashwin ducks this time;
98.4;1w;Starc to Ashwin, 1 wide this one's dug in very short and Ashwin leans away and watches it through to the keeper;
98.3;2;Starc to Ashwin, 2 runs back of a length outside off, and Ashwin stands tall and eases it away behind point with an open bat face;
98.2;1;Starc to Dhoni, 1 run short again, not as short as the previous one, gets up to about chest height, and Dhoni pulls it to deep backward square leg;
98.1;1;Starc to Ashwin, 1 run short, rising ball down the leg side. Ashwin swivels and pulls it towards deep backward square leg;
97.6;2;Watson to Dhoni, 2 runs length ball outside off and Dhoni shuffles so far across that he's able to tuck this away towards fine leg;
97.5;?;Watson to Dhoni, no run full outside off, left alone after an extravagant shuffle across;
97.4;?;Watson to Dhoni, no run bouncer, and Dhoni gets into a semi-duck under it;
97.3;?;Watson to Dhoni, no run length ball outside off. Dhoni shuffles across and dabs it to backward point;
97.2;1;Watson to Ashwin, 1 run angles this into the pads and Ashwin plays that clip again. This time, Rogers is fielding two-thirds of the way to the midwicket boundary and it's kept down to two runs;
97.1;1;Watson to Dhoni, 1 run out of his crease again, gets outside the line of off stump, and works the full ball to the right of the short midwicket fielder;
96.6;?;Starc to Ashwin, no run back of a length outside off, punches with a high left elbow to short cover;
96.5;4;Starc to Ashwin, FOUR runs full on off stump and Ashwin clips it away to the midwicket boundary, super timing;
96.4;4;Starc to Ashwin, FOUR runs short and wide and Ashwin picks it up very early and slaps it over the man at short cover;
96.3;?;Starc to Ashwin, no run full, angling across. Ashwin looks to drive through cover, gets a thickish inside edge into the leg side;
96.2;1;Starc to Dhoni, 1 run back of a length now and Dhoni jumps across to dab it wide of backward point;
96.1;?;Starc to Dhoni, no run Dhoni walks out of his crease and outside off. Starc bowls it full outside off and he clips it into the on side;
95.6;?;Watson to Ashwin, no run back of a length outside off, punched to short extra cover;
95.5;?;Watson to Ashwin, no run full outswinger on off stump, driven to mid-off;
95.4;?;Watson to Ashwin, no run fuller now, but wide enough for Ashwin to leave with ease;
95.3;2;Watson to Ashwin, 2 runs short and Ashwin pulls it away to the right of Rogers at short midwicket;
95.2;?;Watson to Ashwin, no run length ball outside off. Ashwin punches to short extra cover, shuffling across rather than moving forward towards the ball;
95.1;?;Watson to Ashwin, no run back of a length wide of off stump. Ashwin waves his bat at it and steers it to point;
94.6;?;Starc to Dhoni, no run good ball, quick, on a good length, angling across Dhoni. He pushes at it without moving his feet and the ball beats his outside edge;
94.5;4;Starc to Dhoni, FOUR runs full and wide and Dhoni climbs into it, walking out of his crease and bringing his bottom hand into play to smash that between the stumps and mid-off;
94.4;4;Starc to Dhoni, FOUR runs short, and Dhoni pulls it from outside off stump. Picked it up very early and hit it to the straight midwicket boundary;
94.3;?;Starc to Dhoni, no run length ball on a fifth-stump line, holds its line and Dhoni allows it to sail through to the keeper;
94.2;?;Starc to Dhoni, no run full, swings down the leg side now;
94.1;?;Starc to Dhoni, no run length ball angling away from off stump, a bit of shape in. Dhoni walks out of his crease, across his stumps, and lets it hit him near the midriff;
93.6;?;Watson to Ashwin, no run length ball, angling in towards off stump. Ashwin defends it back to Watson;
93.5;?;Watson to Ashwin, no run a little fuller, still just as wide, and Ashwin leaves again;
93.4;?;Watson to Ashwin, no run back of a length wide outside off, left alone;
93.3;?;Watson to Ashwin, no run length ball on middle and off. Ashwin shuffles across and tucks that towards short midwicket;
93.2;?;Watson to Ashwin, no run full outside off and Ashwin drives straight. Watson bends in his follow-through to stop that with his left hand;
93.1;4;Watson to Ashwin, FOUR runs full and wide and Ashwin looks for the drive through square cover. Again he gets it to shape away and the batsman ends up slicing it wide of gully;
92.6;3;Johnson to Ashwin, 3 runs lovely, lovely shot. That's a length ball on a fourth-stump line and he simply stands there and eases it through the covers;
92.5;3;Johnson to Dhoni, 3 runs full outside off and Dhoni throws his hands at it and drives it through square cover. Was full enough for him to be able to do that;
92.4;1lb;Johnson to Ashwin, 1 leg bye down the leg side. Ashwin can't quite connect with the flick and it runs off his thigh to the left of the keeper;
92.3;?;Johnson to Ashwin, no run back of a length outside off, punched to extra cover;
92.2;?;Johnson to Ashwin, no run back of a length on off stump. Ashwin gets on his toes to defend towards point;
92.1;1;Johnson to Dhoni, 1 run another short ball, this time Dhoni pulls it round to deep backward square leg;
91.6;?;Watson to Ashwin, no run full on off stump, clipped to mid-on;
91.5;?;Watson to Ashwin, no run a touch short, a bit of width. Ashwin steers it to point;
91.4;?;Watson to Ashwin, no run back of a length outside off, left alone;
91.3;?;Watson to Ashwin, no run angles this in towards middle, and it's curling away gently as well. Ashwin defends with a straight bat towards mid-on;
91.2;W;Watson to Rohit Sharma, OUT got him, Smith's taken a beauty! Watson's struck with a good ball, but Rohit will wonder if he needed to play that shot. It was the wide outswinger, not quite up there for the drive. Rohit drove on the up, it curled away and took his outside edge, and Smith took a super catch diving low to his right at second slip;Rohit Sharma c Smith b Watson 32 (93m 55b 3x4 1x6) SR: 58.18;
91.1;?;Watson to Rohit Sharma, no run full, wide outswinger. Left alone;
90.6;4;Johnson to Dhoni, FOUR runs looks to bowl that wide tempter again but this one's overpitched and Dhoni gets his head over it to drive. It rolls to the cover point boundary, keeping Lyon interested all the way as he chased from backward point;
90.5;?;Johnson to Dhoni, no run full on middle and off, defended towards mid-off;
90.4;?;Johnson to Dhoni, no run length ball, probing away outside off. This time Dhoni lets it go through;
90.3;?;Johnson to Dhoni, no run back of a length, angling across, and Dhoni pokes and misses;
90.2;?;Johnson to Dhoni, no run length ball angling across and he goes hard at it, looking to hit through the off side, and fails to connect;
90.1;?;Johnson to Dhoni, no run back of a length wide outside off. Dhoni leaves it alone;
89.6;?;Hazlewood to Rohit Sharma, no run full and wide, swinging away. Rohit lets it go;
89.5;?;Hazlewood to Rohit Sharma, no run bouncer, Rohit ducks low under it;
89.4;?;Hazlewood to Rohit Sharma, no run outswinger on a good length outside off. Rohit looks to leave, but he makes the decision late and the ball hits bat on its way up and bounces through to first slip;
89.3;1;Hazlewood to Dhoni, 1 run full again, angling in towards off and middle. Dhoni nudges it into the leg side, played that without really coming forward;
89.2;1;Hazlewood to Rohit Sharma, 1 run full, closer to off stump, and Rohit comes forward and defends with soft hands, to the left of short cover;
89.1;?;Hazlewood to Rohit Sharma, no run full, on a fifth-stump line, left alone;
88.6;?;Johnson to Dhoni, no run there's the short ball and Dhoni walks across his stumps it hits him on the back. It ricocheted towards fine leg, and the batsmen ran what they thought was a leg-bye, but the umpire signalled dead ball. That is a big call for the umpire, and Dhoni has a few words with him. Usually, you get leg byes for evasive action;
88.5;?;Johnson to Dhoni, no run wider this time and Dhoni lets it go;
88.4;?;Johnson to Dhoni, no run big appeal for lbw, not given. It was quite full, with a hint of inward movement, but I'm not sure that didn't pitch outside leg. Ooh, the pitch mat says it did pitch in line, and it was full, and it trapped Dhoni on the crease. But Hawkeye says it was going over the stumps nonetheless;
88.3;?;Johnson to Dhoni, no run full outside off, left alone. Dhoni's feet simply didn't move there;
88.2;1;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run angled across towards off stump, pitched up. Rohit isn't quite in position for the drive, bat comes down at an angle, and it goes off the inside edge into the leg side;
88.1;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run dug in short, and Rohit sways out of line;
87.6;?;Hazlewood to Dhoni, no run length ball, angling in towards off stump. Dhoni defends to mid-on;
87.5;?;Hazlewood to Dhoni, no run short again, this one's outside off, and Dhoni lets it go through to the keeper;
87.4;?;Hazlewood to Dhoni, no run short ball, and Dhoni drops his hands and lets it hit him on the left bicep;
87.3;?;Hazlewood to Dhoni, no run full on off stump, swings away a touch. Dhoni shuffles across and defends into the off side;
87.2;?;Hazlewood to Dhoni, no run straighter now, angling in towards off and middle. Dhoni defends towards short midwicket;
87.1;?;Hazlewood to Dhoni, no run full on a fourth-stump line, shapes away late. Dhoni plays it towards backward point, hands pushing at the ball with feet going nowhere;
86.6;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length again, a touch straighter, and Rohit carefully tucks it towards short midwicket;
86.5;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length this time, angling towards off stump. Rohit rides the bounce and defends into the on side;
86.4;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run this one's a touch wider and Rohit leaves it safely;
86.3;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run nice full length on a fourth-stump line. Rohit gets a solid stride out to defend towards mid-off;
86.2;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run full, wider this time, and Rohit leaves;
86.1;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball, angling across towards the top of off stump. Rohit defends into the off side;
85.6;?;Hazlewood to Dhoni, no run bouncer, and it climbs sharply over off stump as Dhoni pulls his head out of the line in a hurry;
85.5;?;Hazlewood to Dhoni, no run length ball, swings away from fairly wide outside off. Dhoni leaves it alone;
85.4;W;Hazlewood to Rahane, OUT that is the best ball of the Test match. Lovely length, caught Rahane on the crease, angling in towards off stump and curling away late. Rahane had to play at it, and it kissed his edge through to Haddin, who takes his fifth catch of the innings;Ajinkya Rahane c ?Haddin b Hazlewood 81 (188m 132b 8x4 0x6) SR: 61.36;
85.3;4;Hazlewood to Rahane, FOUR runs overpitched now, and Rahane gets down low, head over the ball, to drive to the square cover boundary;
85.2;?;Hazlewood to Rahane, no run shortish, rising ball outside off. Rahane gets on his toes and plays it down towards point;
85.1;?;Hazlewood to Rahane, no run wide outswinger, on a sixth-stump line. Left alone;
84.6;4;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs full and wide and Rohit comes forward to drive with an open face to the backward point boundary. Sliced that a bit but got four runs for it;
84.5;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run well-directed short ball. Rohit sways away from the line;
84.4;1;Johnson to Rahane, 1 run a bit of inswing now, towards middle stump. Rahane jams his bat down quickly and it goes off the inside edge towards square leg;
84.3;?;Johnson to Rahane, no run bit of a muted caught-behind appeal from the keeper as Rahane chases a full, wide ball. Looked like his bat hit the ground and the ball passed over it;
84.2;?;Johnson to Rahane, no run down the leg side now, a bit of inswing but not quite directed where he would have wanted it. Rahane lets it go through to the keeper;
84.1;?;Johnson to Rahane, no run nice full length again, angling across into a fourth-stump line. Rahane defends into the off side;
83.6;?;Hazlewood to Rohit Sharma, no run good length again, a bit of swing away. He's been noticeably fuller this over, and Rohit defends off the front foot into the covers;
83.5;?;Hazlewood to Rohit Sharma, no run a little wider now and Rohit lets it go;
83.4;?;Hazlewood to Rohit Sharma, no run again, it's an outswinger on a good length just outside off. Rohit lets it run off the face of his bat towards the man at backward point;
83.3;?;Hazlewood to Rohit Sharma, no run nice full length, angling in towards off stump and tailing away just a touch. Rohit lets it come on and opens his bat face to play that towards backward point;
83.2;1;Hazlewood to Rahane, 1 run length ball now, a little closer to off stump, and Rahane is on his way with a push into the covers off the front foot;
83.1;?;Hazlewood to Rahane, no run full, wide outswinger. Left alone;
82.6;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run full on off stump, driven to mid-off;
82.5;1;Johnson to Rahane, 1 run back of a length on off stump. Rahane rides the bounce and dabs it away in front of point;
82.4;?;Johnson to Rahane, no run short, down the leg side, and Rahane can't connect with the tuck off the hips;
82.3;1;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of a length on the stumps and Rohit tucks it off his hips towards backward square leg;
82.2;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run good leave from Rohit. That was angling towards his off stump but he left on length, knowing it wasn't full enough to hit the stumps. Passed over the top of off;
82.1;1;Johnson to Rahane, 1 run short ball down the leg side and Rahane swivels and helps it round towards fine leg;
81.6;?;Watson to Rohit Sharma, no run full on off and middle, clipped to mid-on;
81.5;?;Watson to Rohit Sharma, no run lovely delivery from Watto. It's a gentle outswinger outside off and it beats Rohit's outside edge as he comes forward to drive on the up through cover;
81.4;?;Watson to Rohit Sharma, no run fullish, wide outside off. Rohit leaves it alone;
81.3;?;Watson to Rohit Sharma, no run on the pads, tucked away to square leg;
81.2;?;Hazlewood to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length, angling in towards middle stump. Rohit lets it come on and tucks it away towards square leg;
81.1;?;Hazlewood to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball outside off, a hint of outswing, left alone;
80.6;4;Johnson to Rahane, FOUR runs full and wide and Rahane gets down on one knee and slaps it away to the cover point boundary;
80.5;2;Johnson to Rahane, 2 runs on the pads now and it's tucked away to long leg. Rahane ran the first one really quick; he knew he was getting two for that shot;
80.4;?;Johnson to Rahane, no run back of a length, swinging in towards the top of middle stump, and Rahane hops to defend into the off side;
80.3;4;Johnson to Rahane, FOUR runs very full outside off, and Rahane jams his bat down on it and it bounces over the leaping point fielder and races away to the boundary;
80.2;?;Johnson to Rahane, no run back of a length on middle stump and he goes back and across to defend;
80.1;?;Johnson to Rahane, no run starts by swinging one slightly down the leg side. Rahane can't quite connect with the flick and it runs off the outside of his pad towards the keeper;
79.6;?;Smith to Rohit Sharma, no run nice length on leg stump and Rohit defends into the on side;
79.5;1;Smith to Rahane, 1 run back of a length on leg stump and he goes on the back foot to work it away backward of square;
79.4;?;Smith to Rahane, no run flighted full-toss on middle stump, pushed carefully to mid-off;
79.3;1;Smith to Rohit Sharma, 1 run short again, width too, and Rohit reaches for it to slap it to sweeper cover;
79.2;2;Smith to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs drops it short and Rohit is on the back foot in a flash to pull it to the wide long-on region;
79.1;?;Smith to Rohit Sharma, no run nice flight and dip on off and middle. Rohit gets his front pad out of the line and defends into the off side;
78.6;4;Watson to Rahane, FOUR runs full on off and middle and Rahane simply presents the full face to punch that smoothly down the ground, between the stumps and mid-on. The Tendulkar shot without the aura of Tendulkar-ness and that little nod of the head at the end.;
78.5;?;Watson to Rahane, no run full outside off, punched to mid-off;
78.4;1;Watson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run down the leg side again, tucked away to long leg;
78.3;2;Watson to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs down the leg side and it's glanced to the right of the fielder at long leg;
78.2;?;Watson to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball, angling in towards leg stump, clipped to wide mid-on;
78.1;1;Watson to Rahane, 1 run full outside off, angling in, and he drives with an angled bat and gets a thick inside-edge past his stumps;
77.6;?;Warner to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball on off stump, defended back towards the bowler;
77.5;1;Warner to Rahane, 1 run short ball and there's that tennis-style controlled pull from Rahane again, bat pointing up, and he keeps it down and directs it towards deep square leg;
77.4;?;Warner to Rahane, no run back of a length on middle and leg, defended off the back foot towards mid-on;
77.3;1;Warner to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of a length, angling down leg, and he glances it away towards long leg;
77.3;2nb;Warner to Rahane, (no ball) 1 run slips out of his hand and it's a waist-high full-toss that Rahane tucks away towards deep square leg;
77.2;1;Warner to Rohit Sharma, 1 run full on middle stump, driven down the ground to long-on;
77.1;4;Warner to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs shortish and wide, with a bit of outswing. Rohit cuts late to beat the man at gully;
76.6;?;Watson to Rahane, no run fullish, angling in towards middle and off. May have straightened a touch too, and he shows the full face to defend back to the bowler;
76.5;?;Watson to Rahane, no run back of a length, angling in. Rahane looks to tuck it away into the leg side but it bounces a touch extra and hits him on the thigh pad;
76.4;?;Watson to Rahane, no run length ball outside off, left alone;
76.3;?;Watson to Rahane, no run appeal for lbw as Watson gets one to dart in from a fairly full length. Not given. Rahane seems to have just got his front pad outside the line. Height may have been an issue too. Haddin makes a cheeky referral gesture;
76.2;?;Watson to Rahane, no run length ball, angled in towards middle stump, shows the full face to defend to mid-on;
76.1;?;Watson to Rahane, no run full on off stump, whipped to mid-on;
75.6;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run tossed up again, on the stumps this time, and Rohit pushes it firmly back to the bowler;
75.5;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run better length, floated across just outside off, and he comes forward to defend back to the bowler;
75.4;4;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs on leg stump again and Rohit sweeps now, firmly down to the square leg boundary;
75.3;6;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs down the track and that is one of those lazy, effortless hits that Rohit specialises in. It's on leg stump and he swings through the line and hits with the turn over wide long-on;
75.2;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run tossed up slower on off stump and Rohit comes forward to defend back to the bowler;
75.1;1;Lyon to Rahane, 1 run length ball on middle and leg. Rahane goes deep in his crease and works it to backward square leg. They take the single easily despite him starting on the back foot;
74.6;?;Starc to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length outside off, gets on his toes and dabs it into the cover region;
74.5;1;Starc to Rahane, 1 run short, and Rahane swivels and helps it away to the deep backward square leg fielder;
74.4;?;Starc to Rahane, no run length ball on off stump, defended to mid-off;
74.3;1;Starc to Rohit Sharma, 1 run short ball rising up to the ribcage. Rohit rides the bounce and drops it down into the on side with soft hands, and they run the single before short midwicket could attack the ball;
74.2;?;Starc to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball on a fifth-stump line, left alone;
74.1;?;Starc to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length on middle stump and he goes back to defend into the on side;
73.6;?;Lyon to Rahane, no run length ball outside leg and he goes right back to tuck that to backward square leg;
73.5;1;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, 1 run sweeps a length ball and it hits the back of Rogers' helmet and lobs up towards midwicket, drops short of the fielder;
73.4;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run floated up towards middle stump, a bit of drift away, and he comes forward and defends into the on side;
73.3;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run tossed up on off stump and Rohit presses forward to block;
73.2;1;Lyon to Rahane, 1 run down the leg side and he sweeps firmly to the right of the man at long leg;
73.1;1;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, 1 run tossed up outside off and he comes forward and steers it away towards point;
72.6;?;Watson to Rahane, no run length ball on off stump and Rahane presses forward to defend;
72.5;?;Watson to Rahane, no run full outside off, driven straight to Rogers at short extra cover;
72.4;?;Watson to Rahane, no run back of a length on off stump, blocked back to the bowler;
72.3;?;Watson to Rahane, no run back of a length outside off, dabbed towards point;
72.2;?;Watson to Rahane, no run full outside off and Rahane presses forward to block it back to the bowler;
72.1;?;Watson to Rahane, no run length ball, angling in towards off stump. Rahane defends towards short midwicket;
71.6;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball on the pads, and he goes on the back foot to tuck it away to the right of the diving short leg fielder;
71.5;W;Lyon to Vijay, OUT ... and it's paid off. Vijay comes down the track and goes for the big hit again. Was making room to go over mid-off and it went with the angle past his outside edge and Haddin makes the easy stumping. Hang on, they've had another look at it, and there was a thin edge through to the keeper, so it's a caught behind and not a stumping.;Murali Vijay c ?Haddin b Lyon 144 (336m 213b 22x4 0x6) SR: 67.6;
71.4;?;Lyon to Vijay, no run down the track and he works his wrists to ease it towards mid-on;
71.3;?;Lyon to Vijay, no run length ball on the pads, tucked away towards short leg;
71.2;?;Lyon to Vijay, no run length ball on off stump and he comes forward to block it back to the bowler;
71.1;?;Lyon to Vijay, no run full outside off, driven to mid-off;
70.6;?;Watson to Rahane, no run length ball, angling in towards top of off. Rahane defends with a nice full face;
70.5;?;Watson to Rahane, no run length ball wide outside off, left alone;
70.4;2;Watson to Rahane, 2 runs length ball outside off, there's enough width for Rahane to drive on the up and ease it past the man at short cover diving to his left;
70.3;1;Watson to Vijay, 1 run length ball on off stump, and he twirls his wrists to place it wide of the man at short midwicket;
70.2;?;Watson to Vijay, no run length ball, angling in towards middle stump. Vijay stays on the back foot to defend into the off side;
70.1;3;Watson to Rahane, 3 runs short ball, and he's pulled that from head height with a tennis-style smash down towards the midwicket boundary. They get three, and Rahane reaches his half-century;
69.6;?;Hazlewood to Vijay, no run back of a length on a fourth-stump line, defended to short cover;
69.5;4;Hazlewood to Vijay, FOUR runs bang! That was full outside off and he cleared his front leg and walloped that between the bowler and mid-off to bring up 2000 Test runs;
69.4;1;Hazlewood to Rahane, 1 run back of a length on leg stump, tucked off the hips through square leg;
69.3;?;Hazlewood to Rahane, no run back of a length outside off, Rahane rides the bounce and punches to point;
69.2;?;Hazlewood to Rahane, no run length ball wide outside off, left alone;
69.1;?;Hazlewood to Rahane, no run length ball outside off, not full enough to drive. Rahane throws his bat at it and can't connect;
68.6;?;Watson to Vijay, no run fullish on off stump, straightens a touch. Vijay pushes at it without much footwork, gets a bit of a leading edge towards mid-off;
68.5;?;Watson to Vijay, no run tests the middle of the pitch and it's a good one, follows Rahane, who has to sway a long way to avoid it;
68.4;3;Watson to Rahane, 3 runs full and wide and he gets a nice big stride out to drive towards the extra cover boundary;
68.3;?;Watson to Rahane, no run full and wide, driven into the covers. Rogers dives to his right at short extra to make a good save;
68.2;?;Watson to Rahane, no run;
68.1;?;Watson to Rahane, no run back of a length outside off, left alone.;
67.6;4;Hazlewood to Vijay, FOUR runs short ball and that's pulled away witheringly from an off-stump line, swivels and finds the midwicket boundary;
67.5;3;Hazlewood to Rahane, 3 runs full on the pads and it's clipped away towards the wide long-on boundary;
67.4;?;Hazlewood to Rahane, no run back of a length outside off, defended into the covers;
67.3;?;Hazlewood to Rahane, no run full and a bit of reverse-swing into the blockhole on off stump. Rahane does well to jam his bat down on it;
67.2;?;Hazlewood to Rahane, no run length ball outside off and he presses forward to defend;
67.1;?;Hazlewood to Rahane, no run length ball on a fifth-stump line, left alone;
66.6;?;Watson to Vijay, no run back of a length outside off and Vijay defends towards mid-off;
66.5;1;Watson to Rahane, 1 run back of a length on a fourth-stump line. Rahane shuffles across and works it into the on side, to the right of the man at short midwicket;
66.4;?;Watson to Rahane, no run length ball, angling in towards off stump, and Rahane comes forward to block into the off side;
66.3;2;Watson to Rahane, 2 runs on the pads now and he tucks it away towards deep backward square leg;
66.2;?;Watson to Rahane, no run back of a length again, a bit more width, and he slaps it to point;
66.1;?;Watson to Rahane, no run back of a length on off stump, defended into the covers;
65.6;4;Lyon to Vijay, FOUR runs sweeps now, from outside off stump, and he hits it firmly to the square leg boundary;
65.5;?;Lyon to Vijay, no run a bit flatter, angled in towards off stump. Vijay presses forward and defends into the on side;
65.4;4;Lyon to Vijay, FOUR runs down the track now and Lyon floats it outside off, offering him room to free his arms. He uses that and swings through the line to go over the top of mid-off;
65.3;1;Lyon to Rahane, 1 run a touch short again and Rahane pulls to the man at deepish midwicket, two-thirds of the way back;
65.2;4;Lyon to Rahane, FOUR runs tossed up outside off and Rahane is at full stretch to drive that against the turn, to the square cover boundary;
65.1;?;Lyon to Rahane, no run back of a length and Rahane rocks back to cut, can't beat point;
64.6;?;Starc to Vijay, no run back of a length outside off, left alone;
64.5;1;Starc to Rahane, 1 run short ball and Rahane pulls to the man at long leg;
64.4;?;Starc to Rahane, no run back of a length on off stump. Rahane gets on the hop to defend with soft hands;
64.3;?;Starc to Rahane, no run length ball on off stump. Rahane comes forward to defend towards mid-on;
64.2;?;Starc to Rahane, no run length ball on off stump, defended back to the bowler;
64.1;?;Starc to Rahane, no run short ball down the leg side. Vijay lets it go;
63.6;1;Lyon to Rahane, 1 run again a touch on the shorter side and he goes deep in his crease to work it backward of square;
63.5;1;Lyon to Vijay, 1 run on the pads and he works it away towards long leg;
63.4;1;Lyon to Rahane, 1 run back of a length and he tucks it away with the turn towards fine leg;
63.3;4;Lyon to Rahane, FOUR runs a touch short and Rahane makes room, jumping back outside leg stump to punch it away to the cover point boundary;
63.2;1;Lyon to Vijay, 1 run full on off stump, driven down to long-on for the easy single;
63.1;2;Lyon to Vijay, 2 runs tossed up outside off and Vijay gets down to lap sweep towards the fine leg boundary;
62.6;?;Starc to Rahane, no run back of a length on off stump. Rahane rises to his toes to defend into the covers;
62.5;?;Starc to Rahane, no run full on off stump, driven towards mid-off;
62.4;?;Starc to Rahane, no run length ball on a fourth-stump line. Rahane plays with an angled bat, way out in front of him, and gets a thick outside edge that Lyon fields, diving to his left at point;
62.3;?;Starc to Rahane, no run length ball outside off, angling away, and Rahane lets it go;
62.2;?;Starc to Rahane, no run back of a length on a fourth-stump line, punched back towards the bowler;
62.1;?;Starc to Rahane, no run length ball angled across, defended into the covers;
61.6;1;Lyon to Rahane, 1 run back of a length and he goes on the back foot to tuck it away towards square leg;
61.5;?;Lyon to Rahane, no run tossed up again and he comes forward to work it into the on side;
61.4;?;Lyon to Rahane, no run tossed up on off stump and he gets forward to block it back towards the bowler;
61.3;4;Lyon to Rahane, FOUR runs short ball and Rahane gets on top of the bounce and pulls it away to the forward square leg boundary;
61.2;?;Lyon to Rahane, no run back of a length, turns in towards middle stump and he goes on the back foot to block into the on side;
61.1;?;Lyon to Rahane, no run length ball on off and middle and he comes forward to defend towards short leg;
60.6;1;Starc to Rahane, 1 run full on off stump and he comes forward to drive to mid-off;
60.5;4;Starc to Rahane, FOUR runs short and wide and Rahane flashes hard, slashing uppishly over the cordon and down to the third man boundary;
60.4;?;Starc to Rahane, no run full on off stump and Rahane defends to mid-off, showing the full face;
60.3;?;Starc to Rahane, no run back of a length on off stump. Rahane rides the bounce and blocks it into the off side, in front of point. Thinks of a single but decides against it;
60.2;?;Starc to Rahane, no run length ball outside off and he presses forward to drive to mid-off;
60.1;1;Starc to Vijay, 1 run length ball on off stump and he opens his bat face to dab it wide of backward point;
59.6;?;Lyon to Rahane, no run now it's Rahane's turn to make room and cut from off stump, but he can't beat the man at point;
59.5;3;Lyon to Vijay, 3 runs now Vijay makes room, exposing all his stumps, and slaps the off-stump length ball towards the point boundary;
59.4;?;Lyon to Vijay, no run a bit more air as he comes forward to defend in front of leg stump. Dips and turns and goes off the inside half of the bat to the man at 45;
59.3;4;Lyon to Vijay, FOUR runs length ball outside leg, and he gets on his knees to paddle it away to the fine leg boundary;
59.2;?;Lyon to Vijay, no run a touch shorter and he goes back to work it into the leg side. Nearly sets off for a single before realising he's hit it to short leg;
59.1;?;Lyon to Vijay, no run tossed up outside off and Vijay presses forward to block into the covers;
58.6;1;Starc to Vijay, 1 run short ball again, this time Vijay hops to get on top of the bounce and tucks it down towards backward square leg;
58.5;?;Starc to Vijay, no run another bouncer, straighter line this time, and Vijay has to limbo out of the way;
58.4;?;Starc to Vijay, no run another short ball, not as quick as the earlier one, and Vijay sways out of line comfortably;
58.3;?;Starc to Vijay, no run bouncer over off stump and Vijay sways away from the line;
58.2;4;Starc to Vijay, FOUR runs back of a length, and he uses the angle brilliantly. Waits for it to come on and carves it between gully and point;
58.1;4;Starc to Vijay, FOUR runs length ball outside off and Vijay smears it back down the ground, a lot of bottom hand coming in to drag the drive between the bowler and mid-on. I wonder if he was looking to hit that through the off side and it didn't quite come on;

over the wicket now
 Innings Start
Suhas: "Now we can understand why Indian captains take defensive approach. Completely makes sense with this kind of bowling attack. "
Padmaraj: "Coincidence. Both teams lasted same number of overs. 109.4. But Aus scored 97 runs more" Tells you how poor India's bowling was.
3.32pm India have run through the tail in a hurry. It took them just four balls. Oh. Australia lead by 98. Whoda thunk it, given the position they were in after the first hour. The lower-order has batted brilliantly, and India have bowled awfully. There's no other way to put it, is there?
109.4;W;Ashwin to Starc, OUT and that, finally, is that. Tossed up outside leg and he goes for the big slog again, on one knee. He misses, and the ball turns to hit leg stump;Mitchell Starc b Ashwin 52 (102m 59b 6x4 0x6) SR: 88.13;
109.3;1;Ashwin to Hazlewood, 1 run down the track now, looks for the big slog over the leg side and ends up inside-edging into his pads, rolls away between his legs and past the keeper;
109.2;?;Ashwin to Hazlewood, no run full on off stump, defended back to the bowler;
109.1;1;Ashwin to Starc, 1 run tossed up outside off, driven into the covers;
108.6;?;Yadav to Hazlewood, no run slower ball outside off, driven towards extra cover;
108.5;?;Yadav to Hazlewood, no run full outside off, driven to extra cover;
108.4;?;Yadav to Hazlewood, no run length ball on a fourth-stump line, blocked back to the bowler;
108.3;?;Yadav to Hazlewood, no run back of a length on leg stump, defended off the back foot into the on side;
108.2;?;Yadav to Hazlewood, no run length ball outside off, defended back to the bowler;
108.1;?;Yadav to Hazlewood, no run length ball close to off stump, and the angle beats Hazlewood's half-forward prod;
107.6;?;Ashwin to Starc, no run tossed up on off stump, defended to silly point off the front foot;
107.5;1;Ashwin to Hazlewood, 1 run down the track, slogged away to the left of mid-on;
107.4;4;Ashwin to Hazlewood, FOUR runs angled in now and he slogs across the line, inside-edges it past the stumps and brings up Australia's 500;
107.3;?;Ashwin to Hazlewood, no run tossed up outside off, smacked back towards the bowler on the bounce;
107.2;?;Ashwin to Hazlewood, no run fuller now and he swipes it down to mid-on;
107.1;?;Ashwin to Hazlewood, no run back of a length on middle stump, worked towards square leg;
106.6;1;Yadav to Hazlewood, 1 run full, angling across, Hazlewood plays a checked drive to the right of mid-off;
106.5;?;Yadav to Hazlewood, no run full outside off, driven to mid-off;
106.4;?;Yadav to Hazlewood, no run a touch straighter in line, defended to short cover;
106.3;1;Yadav to Starc, 1 run back of a length now, on a fourth-stump line, pushed through cover point and that brings up Umesh's 100. All four Indian specialist bowlers have centuries now;
106.2;?;Yadav to Starc, no run length ball on off stump, blocked back to the bowler;
106.1;?;Yadav to Starc, no run length ball on middle stump, punched back to the bowler;
105.6;?;Ashwin to Hazlewood, no run full on middle stump, defended back to the bowler;
105.5;?;Ashwin to Hazlewood, no run On the pads now, tucked away towards short midwicket;
105.4;4;Ashwin to Hazlewood, FOUR runs bam. Now Hazlewood comes down the track, gets inside the line, and launches it over extra cover. Beautifully played;
105.3;1;Ashwin to Starc, 1 run looked to drive again, and ends up inside-edging it past the keeper, towards fine leg. That takes him to his half-century;
105.2;?;Ashwin to Starc, no run full on off stump, driven back down the ground and Ashwin dives to his right in his follow-through to stop it;
105.1;?;Ashwin to Starc, no run appeal for lbw as he comes forward and looks to whip across the line. Looked like it pitched outside leg. Just in line, according to the pitch mat;
104.6;?;Sharma to Hazlewood, no run;
104.5;?;Sharma to Hazlewood, no run short again, and he sways away from the line. Not that he needed to, considering how wide it was;
104.4;?;Sharma to Hazlewood, no run short outside off, left alone;
104.3;?;Sharma to Hazlewood, no run Back of a length, angling across. Fended away towards point;
104.2;1;Sharma to Starc, 1 run Back of a length on off stump, defended into the off side. Took his bottom hand off to keep it down;
104.2;1w;Sharma to Starc, 1 wide aaand again. It's a length ball on off stump, and he's too early into the attempted leg-side whip. Checks his shot and it pops up towards the midwicket area, wide of the bowler, nowhere near any other fielder;
104.1;4;Sharma to Starc, FOUR runs short, comes up waist-high, and Starc pulls it away contemptuously to the midwicket boundary;
103.6;4;Ashwin to Hazlewood, FOUR runs it does, for the batsman. It's flighted outside off and he slices the drive away to the point boundary;
103.5;4;Ashwin to Hazlewood, FOUR runs shot! That was tossed up again and he accepts the invitation, clears his front leg and smashes it into the gap between short midwicket and mid-on;
103.4;?;Ashwin to Hazlewood, no run floated up, angled in towards middle and off, defended towards backward point;
103.3;1;Ashwin to Starc, 1 run slower again and he reaches forward to nurdle it into the on side;
103.2;?;Ashwin to Starc, no run flatter now, driven hard back to the bowler;
103.1;?;Ashwin to Starc, no run tossed up on middle and off, defended back to the bowler;
102.6;?;Sharma to Hazlewood, no run back of a length over middle stump, defended off the back foot to short extra cover;
102.5;4;Sharma to Hazlewood, FOUR runs and again, even better this time. Straight bat, full face, high elbow;
102.4;4;Sharma to Hazlewood, FOUR runs full on off stump, and Hazlewood does his Johnson/Starc impression, clears his front leg and smacks it down the ground, between the stumps and mid-off;
102.3;?;Sharma to Hazlewood, no run length ball on middle stump, clipped away to straight short midwicket;
102.2;?;Sharma to Hazlewood, no run and again;
102.1;?;Sharma to Hazlewood, no run bouncer, batsman ducks, Dhoni leaps to collect;
101.6;?;Ashwin to Starc, no run full, speared in towards off and middle, and he inside-edges into his pads looking to drive down the ground;
101.5;2;Ashwin to Starc, 2 runs down the leg side now and he goes on the back foot to work it away through midwicket;
101.4;?;Ashwin to Starc, no run again, tossed up, turns from middle to off and he comes forward to block solidly;
101.3;?;Ashwin to Starc, no run nice loop again and he defends to short cover;
101.2;?;Ashwin to Starc, no run goes for the heave across the line. Loop and turn and it beats him completely;
101.1;?;Ashwin to Starc, no run floated up outside off, and Starc slices the drive uppishly, bounces short of point;
100.6;?;Sharma to Hazlewood, no run back of a length on off stump, defended back towards the bowler;
100.5;?;Sharma to Hazlewood, no run back of a length outside off, steered with an open face to point;
100.4;?;Sharma to Hazlewood, no run another bouncer, and Hazlewood has to crouch really low to get under it;
100.3;?;Sharma to Hazlewood, no run fuller now, angled across, and Hazlewood plays and misses. No footwork;
100.2;?;Sharma to Hazlewood, no run short outside off and it bounces over the edge as he looks to slash it away off the back foot;
100.1;1;Sharma to Starc, 1 run short ball, he can't control the pull, and it pops up off the top edge. Drops between Ishant, trying to turn back from his follow-through, and Aaron, running in from mid-on;
99.6;?;Ashwin to Hazlewood, no run full, angled across, driven to short extra cover. Looked like the carrom ball, from the release;
99.5;1;Ashwin to Starc, 1 run full outside off and it's driven firmly, with a lot of bottom-hand, to long-off;
99.4;1;Ashwin to Hazlewood, 1 run floated up towards leg stump and he clears his front leg to drive towards long-off;
99.3;1;Ashwin to Starc, 1 run a touch too straight and he whips it away through midwicket;
99.2;?;Ashwin to Starc, no run slower now, punched back to the bowler off the front foot;
99.1;?;Ashwin to Starc, no run length ball, angling in towards middle stump, defended off the front foot;
98.6;4;Aaron to Hazlewood, FOUR runs Length ball on middle and leg, clipped away through the vacant mid-on region and it runs away all the way to the boundary. All eleven Australians have struck boundaries in this innings;
98.5;?;Aaron to Hazlewood, no run bouncer now, and Hazlewood ducks low under the ball;
98.4;?;Aaron to Hazlewood, no run a bit of shape in from leg and middle and it hits Starc high on the thigh as he looks to work it leg side;
98.3;?;Aaron to Hazlewood, no run similar delivery, thicker edge, goes downwards towards gully this time;
98.2;?;Aaron to Hazlewood, no run ooh, didn't carry. Pushed away from his body at the back of a length ball slanting away from him, and edges it low to the right of first slip. Ashwin dives, it bounces just in front of him. May have been Dhoni's catch, but he didn't go for it. It was quite close to him, but he simply didn't move, and just watched it through to Ashwin;
98.1;1;Aaron to Starc, 1 run full outside off and Starc drives to extra cover;
97.6;?;Ashwin to Hazlewood, no run full again, and he presses forward to block;
97.5;?;Ashwin to Hazlewood, no run full on off stump, defended to mid-off;
97.4;1;Ashwin to Starc, 1 run angled in towards off stump and it goes with the angle. Comes forward to push through mid-off, maybe, and gets a thick inside edge into the on side;
97.3;2;Ashwin to Starc, 2 runs tossed up outside off again and he goes for the big slog, top-edges it high over the slip fielder;
97.2;?;Ashwin to Starc, no run straighter line now and Starc defends off the front foot;
97.1;?;Ashwin to Starc, no run tossed up outside off. Comes forward to drive, bottom hand dominates to close the face and the leading edge bounces just short of extra cover;
96.6;?;Aaron to Hazlewood, no run bouncer, and Hazlewood ducks safely under it;
96.5;?;Aaron to Hazlewood, no run short outside off, left alone;
96.4;?;Aaron to Hazlewood, no run length ball, angled across. Poked with no footwork and the outside edge is beaten;
96.3;?;Aaron to Hazlewood, no run full, angling in towards off stump, defended off the front foot to short extra cover. Long time since I typed the word 'defended', I think;
96.2;W;Aaron to Lyon, OUT gone. It was a length ball on middle stump and Lyon looked to loft down the ground. Bounced up, hit him high on the bat, and he lobs a simple catch to mid-on;Nathan Lyon c Sharma b Aaron 23 (42m 23b 3x4 0x6) SR: 100;
96.1;1;Aaron to Starc, 1 run in the blockhole and he jams his bat down to squeeze it away towards long leg;
95.6;?;Ashwin to Lyon, no run down the leg side and he goes for the sweep. Bounces high and over his arm and ricochets off Dhoni's glove to leg slip, who makes a polite appeal for a catch;
95.5;4;Ashwin to Lyon, FOUR runs shot. That was tossed up on middle stump and Lyon clears his front leg to slog-sweep over midwicket;
95.4;1;Ashwin to Starc, 1 run tossed up outside off, looks for the slog and can't connect as well as he'd like. Rolls down to long-on;
95.3;?;Ashwin to Starc, no run a little wider and he drives it straight to cover;
95.2;?;Ashwin to Starc, no run clears his front leg to go hard down the ground, nearly yorks himself as Ashwin spears it in full. Jams it down into the off side;
95.1;?;Ashwin to Starc, no run full on middle stump, and it goes with the angle and hits him on the pad as he looks to defend. Looked to be heading down the leg side;
94.6;2;Aaron to Lyon, 2 runs full now, punched down the ground to long-off;
94.5;?;Aaron to Lyon, no run back of a length over middle stump. Lyon jumps up to defend into the off side;
94.4;?;Aaron to Lyon, no run short ball outside off, and Lyon can't connect with the uppercut;
94.3;1lb;Aaron to Starc, 1 leg bye full, angling down leg. Misses the flick and it pops off the pad into the off side;
94.2;4;Aaron to Starc, FOUR runs short again, outside off, and he top-edges the pull over the gap between keeper and slip;
94.2;1w;Aaron to Starc, 1 wide another bouncer, and Dhoni has to leap and stretch his right arm way over his head to catch that after Starc moves his head away from the line;
94.1;3;Aaron to Lyon, 3 runs back of a length, too straight, and he flicks it off his hips in front of square on the leg side;
93.6;?;Ashwin to Starc, no run shortish, and he goes on the back foot to defend;
93.5;1;Ashwin to Lyon, 1 run now he connects with the sweep, places it to the left of deep backward square leg;
93.4;?;Ashwin to Lyon, no run back of a length now and he goes on the back foot to defend;
93.3;?;Ashwin to Lyon, no run looks to sweep a slow, tossed-up ball from wide outside off, is too early into his shot and it spins in to hit him on the shoulder;
93.2;1;Ashwin to Starc, 1 run fuller now, driven down to long-on;
93.1;?;Ashwin to Starc, no run angled down the leg side, and it pops off the pad towards leg slip as Starc tries to whip it leg-side;
92.6;?;Yadav to Lyon, no run full and wide, nice wristy drive and short extra cover dives left to make the save;
92.5;?;Yadav to Lyon, no run full outside off, driven on the up to short extra cover;
92.4;4;Yadav to Lyon, FOUR runs on the pads now, and that is a lovely little glance to the fine leg boundary;
92.3;?;Yadav to Lyon, no run fullish outswinger outside off, driven to the right of the short extra cover fielder. Went off the bottom of the bat;
92.2;4;Yadav to Lyon, FOUR runs full and wide and Lyon chases at it and gets a thick edge that flies over the slip cordon to the third man boundary;
92.1;?;Yadav to Lyon, no run length ball wide outside off, swings away to beat Lyon's swishing blade;
91.6;3;Aaron to Lyon, 3 runs fuller now, on middle stump. He's in a strange position, front leg crossed over, but manages to bring his bat down around it and clip it away down the ground, to the left of mid-on;
91.5;?;Aaron to Lyon, no run another. This one rises higher and Lyon can duck safely under it;
91.4;?;Aaron to Lyon, no run bouncer, doesn't get up as much as Lyon expected as he ducks, and it hits him on the shoulder;
91.3;?;Aaron to Lyon, no run back of a length on off stump, defended into the covers off the back foot;
91.2;2;Aaron to Lyon, 2 runs fuller now, on middle stump. Lyon comes forward to drive, gets a thick inside edge down to fine leg. Umesh makes a tumbling stop running to his right from long leg;
91.1;?;Aaron to Lyon, no run bouncer, Lyon ducks and it swings away after going over him;
90.6;4;Yadav to Starc, FOUR runs quick bouncer and Starc isn't really in control of the pull. Flies away off the glove and beats long leg to his left;
90.5;2;Yadav to Starc, 2 runs a little fuller and he drives it with an open face through square cover. Stepped inside the line to make some room;
90.4;?;Yadav to Starc, no run length ball on a fourth-stump line, left alone;
90.3;4;Yadav to Starc, FOUR runs short now, and Starc clears his front leg to smack the pull through midwicket;
90.2;?;Yadav to Starc, no run put down Starc went hard at the full ball and smashed it straight back. Umesh stuck out his right hand, it didn't quite stick, and ricocheted onto the umpire;
90.1;2;Yadav to Starc, 2 runs full and wide, and that's driven with a wavy follow-through, uppishly to the right of mid-off;
89.6;?;Sharma to Lyon, no run full, speared down the leg side, and it bounces off Dhoni's gloves;
89.5;1;Sharma to Starc, 1 run banged in again, pulled from outside off to the left of mid-on. Didn't quite time it;
89.4;?;Sharma to Starc, no run bouncer now, angled across Starc, who can't connect with the hook;
89.3;?;Sharma to Starc, no run back of a length on off stump, defended towards mid-on;
89.2;4;Sharma to Starc, FOUR runs length ball on off stump. Starc clears his front foot and smacks it down the ground, to the left of mid-off. He simply flat-batted that. Wasn't Johnson out a few overs ago?;
89.1;4;Sharma to Starc, FOUR runs wide length ball. Starc throws his bat at it and slices it over backward point. Umesh, running to his left from third man, can't stop it with his foot;
88.6;3;Aaron to Starc, 3 runs back of a length outside off and he gets on top of the bounce with nice use of his wrists to steer that down towards third man. Pujara chases back from short cover, I think, and juuust pulls the ball back before his elbow hits the boundary cushions;
88.5;?;Aaron to Starc, no run length ball outside off, straightens a touch and beats Starc's prod;
88.4;?;Aaron to Starc, no run fuller now, fifth-stump line, left alone;
88.3;?;Aaron to Starc, no run short now, slanting away from Starc, who leaves again;
88.2;?;Aaron to Starc, no run full and wide, left alone;
88.1;?;Aaron to Starc, no run full, a bit of swing in towards middle stump. Goes for the big drive and misses, bounces up to hit him on the thigh;
87.6;W;Sharma to Smith, OUT chopped it on! Smith is out. SMITH. IS. OUT. First time in the series. Big angle in again, back of a length, and he looks to stab at it with an angled bat to run it down to third man and inside-edges it into his stumps;Steven Smith b Sharma 133 (303m 191b 13x4 2x6) SR: 69.63;
87.5;?;Sharma to Smith, no run good ball, big angle in, and Smith didn't come forward (does he ever?). Shuffled across to defend and it hit him on the pad, off the inside edge;
87.4;?;Sharma to Smith, no run short and wide, and he punches it off the back foot to the right of point;
87.3;3;Sharma to Starc, 3 runs full outside off, and Starc's front-foot stride is better than Johnson's. Gets close enough to the ball to drive it uppishly through mid-off;
87.2;?;Sharma to Starc, no run and there's the bouncer again. Pretty well-directed, goes over his right shoulder after he fails to connect with the hook;
87.1;W;Sharma to Johnson, OUT a wicket! The tactic of bowling slanting it across Johnson has worked. He goes after it, looking to drive away from his body, and top-edges it through to Dhoni. They check for the no-ball, but Ishant's foot is fine. End of a game-changing innings. Wonder what impact it will have on his bowling now.;Mitchell Johnson c ?Dhoni b Sharma 88 (120m 93b 13x4 1x6) SR: 94.62;
86.6;4;Aaron to Smith, FOUR runs back of a length wide of off stump, and he opens his bat face to steer it past the diving gully fielder;
86.5;?;Aaron to Smith, no run looks to bowl it full again, slants it outside leg;
86.4;?;Aaron to Smith, no run in the blockhole on off stump, stabbed away towards gully;
86.3;?;Aaron to Smith, no run Smith makes room now. He maybe shouldn't have, because Aaron bowls it so wide that he has to reach out a long way to slash, and ends up dragging it back to the bowler;
86.2;4;Aaron to Smith, FOUR runs full and wide, opens his bat face to place the square drive to the left of the point fielder;
86.1;?;Aaron to Smith, no run back of a length, slants it down the leg side;
85.6;?;Sharma to Johnson, no run Johnson shaped to make room, and Ishant speared it full and extremely wide outside off. No way he could play a shot at that;
85.5;2;Sharma to Johnson, 2 runs back to the line outside off and Johnson this time connects with the big swish away from his body, hits it uppishly over the covers;
85.4;4;Sharma to Johnson, FOUR runs full on the pads now, and that relieves the pressure on Johnson, who plays a good-looking clip to the midwicket boundary;
85.3;?;Sharma to Johnson, no run full outside off. Johnson has a go and the angle beats him again;
85.2;?;Sharma to Johnson, no run fuller, wider, easier leave for Johnson;
85.1;?;Sharma to Johnson, no run back of a length, angling across Johnson. This time he leaves it alone;
84.6;?;Yadav to Smith, no run full on off stump, driven to mid-on;
84.5;?;Yadav to Smith, no run angled into the pads, and he tucks it away to short midwicket;
84.4;?;Yadav to Smith, no run back of a length on a fourth-stump line. Smith hops across to defend into the covers;
84.3;?;Yadav to Smith, no run length ball outside off, punched into the covers;
84.2;?;Yadav to Smith, no run length ball, a bit of movement away outside off. Smith leaves it alone;
84.1;2;Yadav to Smith, 2 runs a bit of width outside off and its's slapped away through cover;
83.6;?;Sharma to Johnson, no run another play and miss. A little fuller, and again the angled bat away from the body;
83.5;?;Sharma to Johnson, no run back of a length, fourth stump, slanting away further. Johnson pokes and misses. His feet are glued to the spot;
83.4;?;Sharma to Johnson, no run full and wide. Another swing and miss from Johnson;
83.3;?;Sharma to Johnson, no run back of a length, slanted away wide of off stump. Goes after it and can't connect;
83.2;?;Sharma to Johnson, no run on off stump now and Johnson punches it back to the bowler;
83.1;?;Sharma to Johnson, no run length ball wide outside off stump, too wide to make Johnson play;
82.6;?;Yadav to Smith, no run wider now and it's an easier leave for Smith;
82.5;?;Yadav to Smith, no run back of a length on a fourth-stump line. Smith leaves again;
82.4;1;Yadav to Johnson, 1 run back of a length, too straight, and he tucks it away off his hips towards long leg;
82.3;?;Yadav to Johnson, no run a bit of swing in from outside off, beats Johnson's inside edge as he pushes at it away from his body;
82.2;4;Yadav to Johnson, FOUR runs oh my. Johnson slogged at this length ball that was angling across him and ended up top-edging it. Ishant was three-fourths of the way back at third man, and he was late in moving back, and by the time he could turn around the ball had cleared him;
82.1;?;Yadav to Johnson, no run back of a length, a bit of shape in towards leg stump. Johnson defends towards short midwicket;
81.6;?;Sharma to Smith, no run back of a length outside off, Smith leaves it alone;
81.5;2;Sharma to Smith, 2 runs full on leg stump, clipped away through square leg;
81.4;?;Sharma to Smith, no run quite full again, angling in towards middle stump. Smith walks across and clips it to short midwicket;
81.3;?;Sharma to Smith, no run fullish, angling in towards off stump. Smith shuffles across and blocks into the off side;
81.2;1;Sharma to Johnson, 1 run full, slanting away from Johnson, who throws his bat at it. The thick edge flies over gully and nearly carries to the third man fielder;
81.1;?;Sharma to Johnson, no run length ball on a fifth-stump line. Left alone;
80.6;?;Yadav to Smith, no run length ball, angles in towards the fourth stump and leaves Smith, who in turn leaves the ball;
80.5;?;Yadav to Smith, no run swerves away again from a fourth-stump line. Smith leaves again;
80.4;?;Yadav to Smith, no run full outswinger outside off, left alone;
80.3;1;Yadav to Johnson, 1 run length ball angling across towards middle and off. Johnson pushes at it with no footwork and the ball moves away a touch to take his outside edge, runs away wide of third slip;
80.2;?;Yadav to Johnson, no run length ball slanted across into a fifth-stump line, left alone;
80.1;3;Yadav to Smith, 3 runs full and wide, a bit of outswing. Smith eases the drive into the covers;
79.6;?;Ashwin to Johnson, no run length ball on leg stump. Johnson goes back to defend into the on side;
79.5;3;Ashwin to Smith, 3 runs short, extremely wide, Smith reaches across and slaps it towards the cover boundary;
79.4;?;Ashwin to Smith, no run tossed up a bit more outside off and he presses forward to defend into the off side;
79.3;?;Ashwin to Smith, no run back of a length now, on off stump, shuffles across and tucks it down to short leg;
79.2;2;Ashwin to Smith, 2 runs out of his crease again, and now he whips wristily down to deep square leg;
79.1;?;Ashwin to Smith, no run down the track, doesn't quite reach the pitch of this ball on off stump, and stretches out to defend towards mid-off;
78.6;4;Rohit Sharma to Johnson, FOUR runs down the track comes Johnson, and he hits that so well that it beats long-off, diving to his right on the boundary;
78.5;?;Rohit Sharma to Johnson, no run back of a length on middle stump, punched off the back foot, back to the bowler;
78.4;1;Rohit Sharma to Smith, 1 run floated up towards off stump and Smith plays for turn, looking to work it leg side, and it goes with the angle and off the outside edge into the off side;
78.3;1;Rohit Sharma to Johnson, 1 run on the pads now, tucked away for a single down to long leg;
78.2;1;Rohit Sharma to Smith, 1 run down the track, whipped down to long-on;
78.1;1;Rohit Sharma to Johnson, 1 run length ball, angling in towards off stump, no turn. Johnson makes room and slaps it into the covers;
77.6;?;Ashwin to Smith, no run down the track, clips it from off stump towards short midwicket;
77.5;1;Ashwin to Johnson, 1 run a little fuller and closer to off and he comes forward to push down to long-off;
77.4;?;Ashwin to Johnson, no run a bit of loop outside off, left alone;
77.3;?;Ashwin to Johnson, no run fires it in quicker, ends up sliding down the leg side;
77.2;?;Ashwin to Johnson, no run length ball on middle and off, and he defends off the back foot;
77.1;?;Ashwin to Johnson, no run back of a length on middle and off, and he goes back to block into the on side;
76.6;?;Rohit Sharma to Smith, no run shortish outside off, and Smith goes back and punches it down the ground, towards mid-on;
76.5;1;Rohit Sharma to Johnson, 1 run tossed up on off stump, Johnson plays a checked drive down to long-off;
76.4;?;Rohit Sharma to Johnson, no run stays back to a pitched-up ball angling in towards leg stump. Defends down the pitch;
76.3;?;Rohit Sharma to Johnson, no run full on middle stump, clipped gently to short leg;
76.2;1;Rohit Sharma to Smith, 1 run a bit of loop again outside off, and he comes forward to dab it away towards point;
76.1;?;Rohit Sharma to Smith, no run tossed up outside off, and Smith presses forward to defend;
75.6;?;Ashwin to Johnson, no run this one goes with the angle towards middle stump. Johnson stays inside the line and defends into the off side;
75.5;?;Ashwin to Johnson, no run fuller, slanting in towards middle and leg, defended off the back foot into the on side;
75.4;?;Ashwin to Johnson, no run back of a length on off stump, punched back to the bowler;
75.3;?;Ashwin to Johnson, no run angling in to middle now and he goes back and plays it towards short midwicket;
75.2;?;Ashwin to Johnson, no run fairly full still, but Johnson goes on the back foot to defend;
75.1;?;Ashwin to Johnson, no run tossed up, angling in towards middle and off, pushed back down the ground;
74.6;?;Aaron to Smith, no run full, a bit of shape in towards off and middle, and Smith blocks it back to the bowler;
74.5;1;Aaron to Johnson, 1 run full, angling in towards off stump, and he shuffles across and clips it away towards deep backward square leg;
74.4;1;Aaron to Smith, 1 run back of a length outside off, punched to the left of short cover;
74.3;?;Aaron to Smith, no run fuller now, angling in towards off stump. Smith shuffles across to defend;
74.2;?;Aaron to Smith, no run short and wide, and he chops it to the right of gully, and Rahane makes a diving stop;
74.1;4;Aaron to Smith, FOUR runs short, not too much width, but Smith doesn't really need that. He rides the bounce and simply taps down on the ball to send it racing away to the left of gully;
73.6;?;Ashwin to Johnson, no run quicker and flatter. Johnson comes forward and blocks into the off side;
73.5;4;Ashwin to Johnson, FOUR runs down the track comes Johnson, and he gets to the pitch and chips it elegantly over the bowler, to the left of mid-off;
73.4;?;Ashwin to Johnson, no run back of a length again, on off stump, and Johnson goes deep in his crease to defend;
73.3;?;Ashwin to Johnson, no run tossed up outside off and he comes forward to defend;
73.2;?;Ashwin to Johnson, no run length ball going with the angle towards off stump. Johnson defends off the back foot;
73.1;1;Ashwin to Smith, 1 run back of a length on middle stump. Smith shuffles across and nudges it away to backward square leg;
72.6;?;Aaron to Johnson, no run banged in short, Johnson ducks;
72.5;1;Aaron to Smith, 1 run short and wide again, this time he steers it straight to backward point, who's standing deep enough to allow the single;
72.4;?;Aaron to Smith, no run back of a length on a fourth-stump line, left alone;
72.3;4;Aaron to Smith, FOUR runs short and wide and that is Smith's century. Simply eases that cut to the left of the man at point. Takes his helmet off and almost wrenches his shoulder out of its socket with the celebratory whip of his bat. Terrific innings in his first Test as captain;
72.2;?;Aaron to Smith, no run back of a length outside off, defended to point off the back foot;
72.2;2nb;Aaron to Johnson, (no ball) 1 run short ball and Johnson makes room to slash. Gets a top-edge that bounces down to that fielder at fine third man;
72.1;1;Aaron to Smith, 1 run back of a length on leg stump and he shuffles across and moves to 99 with a clipped single to square leg;
71.6;?;Ashwin to Johnson, no run length ball on off stump. Johnson presses forward to defend;
71.5;6;Ashwin to Johnson, SIX runs tossed up wide outside off and Johnson welcomes the room to swing his arms smoothly and launch it back over Ashwin's head and over the long-on boundary;
71.4;?;Ashwin to Johnson, no run angled in towards off stump. Johnson is on the back foot again to block into the covers;
71.3;?;Ashwin to Johnson, no run angled in this time, fuller. Johnson stays back again and defends carefully;
71.2;?;Ashwin to Johnson, no run slow, but back of a length outside off. Johnson goes on the back foot to defend into the covers;
71.1;1;Ashwin to Smith, 1 run out of his crease and he flicks it away through square leg. Wants a second, and Johnson wisely sends him back;
70.6;1;Aaron to Smith, 1 run length ball outside off, a tiny bit of shape in, and it isn't short enough for the back foot punch. Smith inside-edges it past his off stump;
70.5;1;Aaron to Johnson, 1 run back of a length on a fourth-stump line, and Johnson makes room to club that hard to mid-off, where Umesh misfields;
70.4;?;Aaron to Johnson, no run aaaaand there's the bouncer. Johnson ducks safely under it;
70.3;4;Aaron to Johnson, FOUR runs length ball on off stump and Johnson makes room once again, and simply whacks that down the ground, stands tall and clubs it back past the bowler, and Dhoni runs up to have a word with Aaron;
70.2;4;Aaron to Johnson, FOUR runs full again, this is straighter, and Johnson gives himself room, exposes all three stumps, and absolutely powers that down the ground, between the stumps and the non-striker, and gets to his fifty in 37 balls;
70.1;4;Aaron to Johnson, FOUR runs full and wide, and Johnson reaches out and slices that drive uppishly to the backward point boundary;
69.6;1;Ashwin to Johnson, 1 run shorter now and he goes on the back foot to work it away through midwicket;
69.5;?;Ashwin to Johnson, no run more topspin on this one, flighted outside off, and Johnson leaves it alone;
69.4;?;Ashwin to Johnson, no run length ball outside off. Johnson is half-forward to push that into the covers;
69.3;?;Ashwin to Johnson, no run a little closer to off stump now and Johnson comes forward, lets it turn, and defends with soft hands past slip;
69.2;?;Ashwin to Johnson, no run tossed up outside off, left alone;
69.1;1;Ashwin to Smith, 1 run down the track, and he whips it from outside off down to long-on;
68.6;?;Yadav to Johnson, no run low full-toss on off stump, punched to mid-off;
68.5;4;Yadav to Johnson, FOUR runs short and wide, slashed away over the point region. Terrible delivery;
68.4;4;Yadav to Johnson, FOUR runs good length, angling across towards middle and off and moving away a little further off the seam. Johnson pushes hard at the ball to defend and the outside edge runs away wide of second slip;
68.3;?;Yadav to Johnson, no run full and wide and Johnson reaches out to drive to mid-off;
68.2;?;Yadav to Johnson, no run shortish, pulled to square leg;
68.1;4;Yadav to Johnson, FOUR runs full on off stump and Johnson punches down the ground with the full face showing. Didn't move his feet, didn't need to, and Smith jumps over the ball at the non-striker's end and it speeds away to the left of mid-off;
67.6;?;Ashwin to Smith, no run lbw appeal as Ashwin finds sharp turn from outside off to ping Smith on the pads as he shuffles back and across to defend. Struck him outside the line, I think;
67.5;4;Ashwin to Smith, FOUR runs oh, glorious. Smith comes down the track and that isn't a bad ball, tossed up to urge Smith to drive through the off side. Smith takes the invitation and drills it into the gap between mid-off and cover;
67.4;?;Ashwin to Smith, no run tossed up again, angled in towards off stump. Smith defends off the front foot;
67.3;?;Ashwin to Smith, no run tossed up outside off and Smith presses forward to defend into the off side;
67.2;1;Ashwin to Johnson, 1 run flat, angling in towards leg stump. Johnson goes on the back foot and tucks it away towards square leg;
67.1;1;Ashwin to Smith, 1 run down the track first ball and Ashwin angles it full and flat into his feet. Whips it down to long-on;
66.6;1lb;Yadav to Smith, 1 leg bye too straight again, angling down leg. Smith shuffles across to work it away through the leg side, and can't quite connect. Off his thigh pad towards long leg;
66.5;1;Yadav to Johnson, 1 run length ball on off stump, Johnson comes forward and pushes it wide of short cover;
66.4;1;Yadav to Smith, 1 run full on leg stump, driven to the right of mid-on;
66.3;?;Yadav to Smith, no run shortish outside off. Not wide enough for that slash and the ball bounces over his edge;
66.2;1;Yadav to Johnson, 1 run too straight now and Johnson clips it away through midwicket;
66.1;?;Yadav to Johnson, no run this is the stuff. Length ball, angling across. Johnson is stuck on the crease, feet going nowhere. Pushes at it and the ball beats his outside edge;
65.6;2;Sharma to Smith, 2 runs full on leg stump, clipped away to the left of the man at deep backward square leg;
65.5;?;Sharma to Smith, no run full outside off, driven without any footwork to point;
65.4;3;Sharma to Johnson, 3 runs back of a length on off stump and Johnson gets on his toes to punch it away through point;
65.3;?;Sharma to Johnson, no run another bouncer. Johnson gets into a low crouch under it;
65.3;5nb;Sharma to Johnson, (no ball) FOUR runs short and wide and Johnson opens his bat face and simply helps it over the top of the slips. Almost hits that for six, fell just short of the rope. And what's more, that's another no-ball;
65.2;1;Sharma to Smith, 1 run fullish, angling in towards middle stump, and he shuffles across to work it towards midwicket;
65.1;?;Sharma to Smith, no run full outside off, driven back past the bowler to mid-off;
64.6;?;Yadav to Johnson, no run nice length, angling in towards a fourth-stump line and straightening after pitching. Johnson pushes at it with no footwork and the ball beats his outside edge;
64.5;?;Yadav to Johnson, no run length ball on a fourth-stump line. Johnson plays a defensive punch off the back foot, down the ground to the right of mid-on;
64.4;?;Yadav to Johnson, no run short again, slants it down the leg side;
64.3;1;Yadav to Smith, 1 run short and wide and Rahane does very well at gully to dive to his left and stop that open-faced steer from Smith;
64.2;?;Yadav to Smith, no run back of a length on a fourth-stump line. Smith jumps across to defend;
64.1;1;Yadav to Johnson, 1 run short ball, again rises to an amiable height, and Johnson pulls it away to deep backward square leg;
63.6;2;Sharma to Smith, 2 runs too full, too straight. Errs in line looking for the lbw ball, and Smith clips it away towards long leg;
63.5;?;Sharma to Smith, no run beauty. Angles it in from wide of a crease, hits that in-between length and Smith is again caught on the shuffle. Ball straightens and beats his outside edge;
63.4;?;Sharma to Smith, no run fullish on off stump, and Smith shuffles across to defend. Straightens a touch and goes off the outside half of his bat towards gully;
63.3;1;Sharma to Johnson, 1 run this one's a better bouncer, gets up to head height, and Johnson hooks uppishly, and the ball falls just short of deep square leg;
63.2;4;Sharma to Johnson, FOUR runs another short ball, doesn't rise that much, Johnson pulls from outside off and finds the midwicket boundary;
63.1;4;Sharma to Johnson, FOUR runs short, down the leg side, pulled powerfully to the right of the long leg fielder, who didn't have much ground to cover but had no chance of stopping that;
63.1;3nb;Sharma to Johnson, (no ball) 2 runs back of a length on off stump, and Johnson punches it through the vacant mid-off region. Aaand it's another no-ball;
62.6;?;Yadav to Smith, no run moves across his crease to pull, wasn't short enough, and it goes under his bat and strikes him on the thigh;
62.5;1;Yadav to Johnson, 1 run short, angles down the leg side. Johnson pulls it away to long leg, where Aaron has a bit of a fumble;
62.4;?;Yadav to Johnson, no run back of a length, angling in and rising over off stump. Johnson gets on his toes to defend;
62.3;?;Yadav to Johnson, no run bouncer, rises over shoulder height outside off. Johnson goes for the hook, can't connect;
62.2;2;Yadav to Johnson, 2 runs back of a length on middle stump, and Johnson whips it away through midwicket;
62.1;?;Yadav to Johnson, no run dug in short, Johnson ducks underneath;

around the wicket now
 Innings Start
Peter: "I know we're not in Sydney yet but miracles do happen: SA v Aus 1994." Who are India's Donald, de Villiers and Matthews?
Suresh: "India are leading by 127 runs. Can India perform a miracle like Kapil and Ghavri did in the Melbourne Test - where Gavaskar walked off." That MCG pitch was a truly bad one to bat on, from what I've read about the game. The ball was keeping extremely low. This one is not the easiest pitch to bat on, but it would have still needed a 250-ish target to test Australia, I think. Even with a good bowling attack. With India's attack...
1.55pm Johnson finishes with four wickets. He's been the gamechanger with bat and ball, and Australia now need to chase 128.
64.3;W;Johnson to Yadav, OUT and that is that. Again, it's full and wide, again Yadav goes for the big drive, again it moves away off the pitch. This time he edges it through to Haddin;Umesh Yadav c ?Haddin b Johnson 30 (84m 42b 2x4 2x6) SR: 71.42;
64.2;?;Johnson to Yadav, no run full and wide again, again it moves away late. Umesh goes for the booming drive through cover, can't connect;
64.1;?;Johnson to Yadav, no run full, straightens a touch outside off. Umesh pokes and misses;
63.6;?;Lyon to Sharma, no run full on off stump, pushed back firmly to the bowler;
63.5;?;Lyon to Sharma, no run keeps a bit low as he goes back in his crease to defend. Jams his bat down and pokes it away to short midwicket;
63.4;?;Lyon to Sharma, no run back of a length on off stump and he goes right back to tuck that towards short midwicket;
63.3;?;Lyon to Sharma, no run a little wider outside off and again he stretches right out to block;
63.2;?;Lyon to Sharma, no run tossed up outside off and he gets forward again to defend into the off side;
63.1;?;Lyon to Sharma, no run tossed up wide outside off and he puts his reach to good use to defend solidly;
62.6;?;Johnson to Yadav, no run length ball outside off. Umesh comes down the track and heaves at it, swinging his entire body weight through the shot. Wonder where it would have ended up had he connected;
62.5;?;Johnson to Yadav, no run full and extemely wide. He reaches across to slap it but it's too far from him;
62.4;?;Johnson to Yadav, no run back of a length angling away and Umesh pokes at it away from his body. Misses, and it bounces through to Haddin;
62.3;1;Johnson to Sharma, 1 run short ball, fended away from chest-height to the right of the diving short leg fielder;
62.2;?;Johnson to Sharma, no run back of a length, angling in towards leg stump. Ishant jumps in the air and blocks into the on side;
62.1;?;Johnson to Sharma, no run full and wide outside off. Ishant goes after it and can't connect;
61.6;6;Lyon to Yadav, SIX runs tossed up wide outside off and he's down on one knee, mighty slog, just clears Warner, who positions himself right on the edge of the boundary at long-on and leaps in the air, gets a fingertip to it at full stretch but he was never going to catch that;
61.5;?;Lyon to Yadav, no run turn from outside off and he goes back and across to block to short leg;
61.4;?;Lyon to Yadav, no run down the track and he shortens his length. Jumps back and defends into the off side;
61.3;6;Lyon to Yadav, SIX runs tossed up full outside off and Umesh launches that cleanly down the ground, easily cleared the long-off boundary;
61.2;W;Lyon to Aaron, OUT gone. Another wicket for Lyon. Aaron comes down the track and goes for another big slog. This is the classic offspinner's response to being slogged by a tail-ender. Tosses it up slower and wider and he top-edges that and it loops up for a simple catch at backward point;Varun Aaron c Hazlewood b Lyon 3 (10m 9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
61.1;1;Lyon to Yadav, 1 run tossed up outside off, and he gets down on one knee and slogs it away over short midwicket. Rogers runs to his left at deep midwicket to stop it;
60.6;?;Hazlewood to Aaron, no run back of a length, angling into the body. Aaron hops and manages to squirt it down into the pitch, taking his bottom hand off the handle;
60.5;?;Hazlewood to Aaron, no run short outside off. He leans away to slash and it bounces over his edge;
60.4;3;Hazlewood to Yadav, 3 runs full on off stump and Umesh makes room to carve that away over cover. Umesh turned blind and ran for a third, only to be sent back, rightly. The throw came in and he was yards out but Haddin didn't collect cleanly and Umesh survives;
60.3;1;Hazlewood to Aaron, 1 run length ball on off stump, defended solidly to the left of short extra cover. Good-looking shot, that;
60.2;1;Hazlewood to Yadav, 1 run short on off stump, pulled away to the right of mid-on;
60.1;?;Hazlewood to Yadav, no run back of a length outside off, and Umesh pokes and misses;
59.6;?;Lyon to Aaron, no run tossed up outside off, and he gets nicely forward to block it;
59.5;?;Lyon to Aaron, no run back of a length, turning in towards off, goes deep in his crease to defend;
59.4;2;Lyon to Aaron, 2 runs down the track now and Aaron goes for the drive over cover. Doesn't quite middle it and it stops two-thirds of the way to the boundary;
59.3;?;Lyon to Aaron, no run back of a length now and he goes on the back foot to defend into the off side;
59.2;?;Lyon to Aaron, no run tossed up wide outside off, driven to short extra cover;
59.1;W;Lyon to S Dhawan, OUT got him! Lyon's done it. It was angling in towards middle and it straightened a little. Pitched off, hitting middle or thereabouts. Dhawan went for the lap sweep and missed, maybe not the right line to be sweeping, and it struck him on the front pad in front of middle. Loud appeal from Haddin and it's given.;Shikhar Dhawan lbw b Lyon 81 (204m 145b 8x4 0x6) SR: 55.86;
58.6;?;Hazlewood to Yadav, no run back of a length on middle stump. Umesh jumps towards the leg side and defends towards short cover. Eccentric but effective. So far.;
58.5;4;Hazlewood to Yadav, FOUR runs length ball outside off and Umesh makes room and slashes that away, without really being in any control, to the backward point boundary;
58.4;1;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, 1 run length ball outside off, punched towards sweeper cover;
58.3;?;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, no run super delivery, that. Excellent length, catches Dhawan halfway forward and the angle narrowly beats his outside edge. All the Australians seemed to think he was caught behind. No HotSpot mark on the edge, maybe his bat brushed the flap of his front pad when he looked to defend;
58.2;?;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, no run length ball on a fourth-stump line, defended through square cover;
58.1;?;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, no run length ball angling across and he comes forward to play a checked drive to sweeper cover;
57.6;?;Lyon to Yadav, no run;
57.5;?;Lyon to Yadav, no run angled across towards off stump and he comes forward to drive to mid-off;
57.4;1;Lyon to S Dhawan, 1 run quickish, turns from off to leg, and he comes forward to defend into the on side;
57.3;?;Lyon to S Dhawan, no run tossed up wide outside off. Dhawan leaves it alone;
57.2;?;Lyon to S Dhawan, no run sweeps from an off-stump line, to the man at midwicket;
57.1;2;Lyon to S Dhawan, 2 runs down the track and he chips it against the turn, over mid-on. Nice placement there, picks up two. India now lead by 100;
56.6;?;Hazlewood to Yadav, no run short outside off and Umesh sways out of the line and tucks his bat safely out of the way;
56.5;1;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, 1 run length ball outside off and he presses forward to push it to the left of short cover;
56.4;?;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, no run bouncer on leg stump, tennis-ball bounce through to Haddin after Dhawan moves across out of the line;
56.3;?;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, no run length ball on a fifth-stump line. Dhawan goes after it, slices it to third man;
56.2;4;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, FOUR runs shot. That's full on leg stump and he's played a pick-up shot to neatly bisect long leg and deep midwicket;
56.1;?;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, no run short, angling away from Dhawan. He sways away and lets it go;
55.6;?;Lyon to Yadav, no run tossed up on off stump, defended into the on side;
55.5;?;Lyon to Yadav, no run length ball turning in towards off and he comes forward to block into the on side;
55.4;1;Lyon to S Dhawan, 1 run back of a length and he goes deep in his crease to punch it to deep cover. Takes the single, and Umesh has two balls to face from Lyon;
55.3;?;Lyon to S Dhawan, no run tossed up full on off stump and he gets a nice stretch out to defend to mid-off;
55.2;?;Lyon to S Dhawan, no run tossed up full on a fourth-stump line, blocked to short cover;
55.1;?;Lyon to S Dhawan, no run tossed up on off stump, and he presses forward to defend into the covers;
54.6;?;Hazlewood to Yadav, no run short ball, rising waist-high. Pulls it towards deep backward square leg, and they don't take the single;
54.5;2;Hazlewood to Yadav, 2 runs full, just outside off. Umesh clears his front leg and has an almighty swing at it, slices it away wide of point;
54.4;?;Hazlewood to Yadav, no run short ball angling down the leg side and he turns his back on it. Hits him flush on the left buttock;
54.3;1;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, 1 run full wide outside off, and he drives it to the left of point. Takes the single;
54.2;?;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, no run back o a length on off stump, defended off the back foot;
54.1;?;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, no run back of a length on off stump. Bottom hand comes off as he defends towards cover point;
53.6;?;Lyon to Yadav, no run tossed up outside off. Umesh gets his front foot across to defend back to the bowler;
53.5;?;Lyon to Yadav, no run shortish on off stump, Umesh plays a tennis forehand down to long-on. They don't run the single;
53.4;?;Lyon to Yadav, no run back of a length outside off. Umesh goes on the back foot to push it towards point;
53.3;1;Lyon to S Dhawan, 1 run full on off stump, checked drive down to long-off for the single;
53.2;?;Lyon to S Dhawan, no run appeal for lbw as this slides on to hit him on front pad as he presses forward to defend. Struck him on a leg-stump line, would have missed leg stump;
53.1;2;Lyon to S Dhawan, 2 runs angled in towards middle stump and Dhawan gets his front foot across to lap it away over the keeper's right shoulder;
52.6;?;Hazlewood to Yadav, no run shortish ball angling into the body. Nasty bounce, and Umesh looks to fend and inside-edges onto his body;
52.5;1;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, 1 run walks across again and clips a full ball on leg-stump down to deep backward square leg;
52.4;?;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, no run walked across his stumps again and Josh bowls a bouncer that rises over the exposed leg stump as Dhawan ducks;
52.3;?;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, no run walks outside off again and chops a shortish ball to point;
52.2;?;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, no run now he walks outside leg stump before Hazlewood delivers. He follows him with a shortish ball and he pulls, not timing it very well, towards fine leg. Refuses the single again;
52.1;4;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, FOUR runs full outside off and Dhawan swipes across the line and just about manages to clear a leaping mid-on;
51.6;1;Watson to S Dhawan, 1 run Dhawan walked across to off stump even before Watson delivered, and he managed to work the length ball from outside off to the left of the man at a straightish short midwicket and keep the strike;
51.5;?;Watson to S Dhawan, no run short, angling across Dhawan. He leans away and looks to ramp it over the slips but can't connect;
51.4;?;Watson to S Dhawan, no run full on leg stump and Dhawan punches it firmly down the ground, past the diving Watson to mid-on;
51.3;4;Watson to S Dhawan, FOUR runs length ball on off stump. Dhawan didn't really have room, but he managed to squeeze it into the gap wide of second slip with an open face;
51.2;?;Watson to S Dhawan, no run back of a length, straightens outside off, cramps Dhawan as he looks to cut. He checks his shot and chops it towards gully;
51.1;?;Watson to S Dhawan, no run sees Dhawan walking out of his crease and banged it in short. Dhawan sways out of line;
50.6;?;Johnson to Yadav, no run speared in full on middle stump. Umesh blocks it back with a straight-ish bat;
50.5;1;Johnson to S Dhawan, 1 run full on off stump. Dhawan shuffles across to clip it towards midwicket;
50.4;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run length ball, angling in towards off and middle, and he gets on the front foot to defend into the off side;
50.3;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run length ball angling in towards middle stump. Dhawan stays back to defend;
50.2;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run short ball, pulled to deep backward square leg, refuses the single;
50.1;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run length ball angled down the leg side, Dhawan keeps his bat out of the way and lets it go through to the keeper;
49.6;?;Watson to Yadav, no run full, wide outside off. Umesh goes for a humongous slog and doesn't connect;
49.5;?;Watson to Yadav, no run lovely delivery. Late outswing from a full length just outside off. Umesh's feet are stuck as he pushes his hands at the ball and it beats his outside edge;
49.4;?;Watson to Yadav, no run middle-stump yorker, jabbed away to short midwicket;
49.3;1;Watson to S Dhawan, 1 run length ball on off stump, a bit of shape in. Dhawan looks to drive through the off side, gets a thick inside edge into the midwicket region;
49.2;?;Watson to S Dhawan, no run length ball on a fourth-stump line. Dhawan had shuffled across even before Watson had bowled it, and he defends into the covers;
49.1;2;Watson to S Dhawan, 2 runs short and wide and he cuts it away to the right of Lyon at deep point;
48.6;?;Johnson to Yadav, no run back of a length outside off, blocked to the right of gully;
48.5;?;Johnson to Yadav, no run length ball outside off. Umesh pokes at it, his feet moving away from leg stump as he plays it, and the edge falls short of third slip;
48.4;1;Johnson to S Dhawan, 1 run back of a length on a fourth-stump line, dabbed away towards short cover off the back foot;
48.3;4;Johnson to S Dhawan, FOUR runs short, angling down leg. Dhawan makes room, exposing all his stumps, and pulls it away to the midwicket boundary to bring up his half-century. Doesn't acknowledge the landmark at all;
48.2;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run full on middle and off, defended back to the bowler;
48.1;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run full, almost in the blockhole, angling in towards middle stump. Dhawan blocks back to the bowler and wanders out of his crease. Johnson throws at the stumps and misses. Dhawan, diving back, would have been out had he hit;
47.6;1;Watson to S Dhawan, 1 run short down the leg side, pulled down to deep backward square leg;
47.5;?;Watson to S Dhawan, no run back of a length on a fourth-stump line, blocked towards short cover;
47.4;4;Watson to S Dhawan, FOUR runs full and wide and Dhawan has crashed that away through square cover. Super shot. Came forward and used the wrists to hit it down at the top of the bounce;
47.3;2;Watson to S Dhawan, 2 runs down the track and he goes over the top, wide of mid-on. Doesn't really time it, and top hand comes off the handle;
47.2;?;Watson to S Dhawan, no run length ball angling towards middle stump. Dhawan inside-edges onto the pad pushing forward to defend;
47.1;?;Watson to S Dhawan, no run full, fifth-stump line, left alone;
46.6;?;Hazlewood to Yadav, no run short outside off, left alone;
46.5;4;Hazlewood to Yadav, FOUR runs full on off stump and that is flat-batted brutally to the right of mid-off. Bam.;
46.4;2;Hazlewood to Yadav, 2 runs short ball, climbing towards shoulder height, and he goes for the pull. It's too quick for him and it's off the glove over the keeper. Starc made a super sliding stop moving to his right from long leg;
46.3;?;Hazlewood to Yadav, no run back of a length, a bit of movement in towards middle stump. Umesh stays next to the line and punches into the covers;
46.2;1;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, 1 run full on off stump and he presses forward to push into the covers. Warner hits the stumps direct at the striker's end and Australia look confident they've got Umesh, but he's absolutely safe, as the third umpire confirms;
46.1;4;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, FOUR runs short on a fourth-stump line. Sits up nicely, and Dhawan pulls it away to the square leg boundary;
45.6;?;Lyon to Yadav, no run tossed up on off stump, gets forward to defend towards mid-on;
45.5;1;Lyon to S Dhawan, 1 run down the track now, gets to the pitch to play a checked drive towards mid-off;
45.4;?;Lyon to S Dhawan, no run lovely delivery, angling in towards middle and off. Dhawan comes forward, gets his front pad out of the way, and defends into the off side;
45.3;1;Lyon to Yadav, 1 run length ball, turning from off to leg. Umesh goes on the back foot and squeezes it away into the covers;
45.2;1;Lyon to S Dhawan, 1 run tossed up on off stump, clipped to mid-on;
45.1;?;Lyon to S Dhawan, no run down the track now, defends it back to the bowler;
44.6;?;Hazlewood to Yadav, no run back of a length, angling in towards middle stump. Umesh hops and blocks towards mid-on;
44.5;?;Hazlewood to Yadav, no run back of a length, angling in towards off stump, blocked towards short cover off the back foot;
44.4;W;Hazlewood to Pujara, OUT got him! That was short outside off, extra bounce too. Pujara pushes at it, and it hits high on his bat, near the handle, and pops up to Lyon at point. It was angled in towards him and that made him play at it;Cheteshwar Pujara c Lyon b Hazlewood 43 (167m 93b 7x4 0x6) SR: 46.23;
44.3;?;Hazlewood to Pujara, no run back of a length outside off, defended to the right of point;
44.2;1;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, 1 run full on leg stump, tucked away to the left of short midwicket;
44.1;?;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, no run full, angled across Dhawan, who gets on the front foot and defends towards mid-off;
43.6;?;Lyon to Pujara, no run back of a length outside off, turns in sharply. Pujara gets on the back foot and defends into the on side;
43.5;1;Lyon to S Dhawan, 1 run back of a length outside off and Dhawan gets on the back foot to cut that through point;
43.4;?;Lyon to S Dhawan, no run down the track, whipped to midiwicket;
43.3;1;Lyon to Pujara, 1 run short now and Pujara pulls it away to Rogers, at a two-thirds deep forward square leg;
43.2;1;Lyon to S Dhawan, 1 run length ball outside off and he dabs it away towards backward point off the front foot;
43.1;?;Lyon to S Dhawan, no run tossed up, angling in towards middle stump. Dhawan pushes forward to defend, and is playing bat slightly behind pad. Ball turns and hits him on the front pad;
42.6;?;Johnson to Pujara, no run length ball, straightens outside off. Pujara presses forward and defends with soft hands towards point;
42.5;1;Johnson to S Dhawan, 1 run back of a length on off stump and he punches it off the back foot to the right of short extra cover;
42.4;1;Johnson to Pujara, 1 run full on a fourth-stump line, angling in. Pujara presses forward and pushes it with soft hands into the covers;
42.3;1;Johnson to S Dhawan, 1 run shortish, angling away from Dhawan, who plays a controlled back-foot push to the left of cover;
42.2;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run back of a length on a fourth-stump line, dabbed away towards backward point;
42.1;2;Johnson to S Dhawan, 2 runs back of a length, angling towards leg stump. Dhawan tucks it away towards square leg;
42.1;5w;Johnson to S Dhawan, 5 wide banged in extremely short and it rises so high that Haddin doesn't even bother leaping to try and collect it over his head. He had no chance there;
41.6;4;Lyon to Pujara, FOUR runs shot. That was pitched just short enough and wide enough outside off for Pujara to go back and play the late dab to the third man boundary;
41.5;?;Lyon to Pujara, no run huge turn now as Pujara goes back to work it into the leg side. Hits him on the front pad but it was outside the line of leg stump;
41.4;?;Lyon to Pujara, no run a touch short and he rocks back to cut from off stump to point;
41.3;?;Lyon to Pujara, no run good ball. Doesn't turn as much as Pujara expected, and he's half-forward, ends up playing inside the line;
41.2;?;Lyon to Pujara, no run length ball outside off and he presses forward to defend;
41.1;?;Lyon to Pujara, no run down the track now, big turn from outside off and he inside-edges into his pad, rolls to mid-on;
40.6;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run full now, on a fourth-stump line. Good leave from Dhawan;
40.5;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run back of a length on middle stump. Dhawan stays next to the line and defends off the back foot towards cover;
40.4;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run wider now and Dhawan lets it go;
40.3;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run ooh, lucky, lucky Dhawan. He went for that slash again, there wasn't much room, and got a thick outside edge that somehow didn't carry to Haddin;
40.2;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run short, angling across Dhawan. He leans away and goes for the slash, it bounces over his edge;
40.1;1;Johnson to Pujara, 1 run full, angling in towards off stump. Pujara comes forward to defend into the covers, gets a thick inside edge that runs into the leg side;
39.6;?;Lyon to S Dhawan, no run fullish outside off, and Dhawan defends off the front foot into the off side;
39.5;1;Lyon to Pujara, 1 run not really short at all but Pujara manages to pull it away, not quite timing it, down to deep backward square leg;
39.4;?;Lyon to Pujara, no run a touch straighter in line, turns in towards off and middle. Pujara clips it towards short leg;
39.3;?;Lyon to Pujara, no run fuller now and Pujara is half-forward to defend towards mid-on;
39.2;?;Lyon to Pujara, no run back of a length outside off and Pujara goes back to punch it back to the bowler;
39.1;?;Lyon to Pujara, no run floated up outside off. Pujara defends off the front foot to short leg;
38.6;?;Starc to S Dhawan, no run back of a length on leg and middle. Dhawan stays beside the line and defends towards short cover. Pujara at the other end raced out of his crease, and almost slipped as he turned back once Dhawan said no. Regained his crease without too much alarm in the end;
38.5;?;Starc to S Dhawan, no run banged in, angling across Dhawan, who sways out of the way;
38.4;1;Starc to Pujara, 1 run back of a length on leg stump. Pujara rides the bounce and tucks it away towards square leg;
38.3;4;Starc to Pujara, FOUR runs back of a length, angling towards off stump. Pujara leans back smartly to make a tiny bit of room and dabs it away to the left of gully;
38.2;?;Starc to Pujara, no run full outside off. Pujara moves forward into a crunching drive, can't beat short cover;
38.1;1;Starc to S Dhawan, 1 run back of a length, angling across to off stump. Dhawan uses his wrists to work it away through backward square leg;
37.6;?;Watson to Pujara, no run back of a length outside off, keeps a bit low. Pujara defends into the off side;
37.5;?;Watson to Pujara, no run full now outside off. Pujara presses forward to defend;
37.4;?;Watson to Pujara, no run back of a length on off stump. Pujara defends off the back foot towards short midwicket;
37.3;?;Watson to Pujara, no run full on off and middle, defended to mid-off;
37.2;?;Watson to Pujara, no run bouncer, rises very high, Pujara ducks in perfunctory manner to get under it;
37.1;?;Watson to Pujara, no run full, angling in towards middle stump, defended to mid-on;
36.6;?;Starc to S Dhawan, no run back of a length, down the leg side, and Dhawan leaves it alone;
36.5;?;Starc to S Dhawan, no run banged in short. Dhawan sways away from the line;
36.4;W;Starc to Ashwin, OUT gone. That one came back in just a touch from outside off, back of a length. Ashwin was shuffling across, looking to defend. His bat came down at an angle and was pointing to wide mid-on rather than straight back down the pitch. Ball comes in, takes his inside edge, and Haddin takes a simple catch. I'm not sure it was the inside edge. May have been just his back thigh. No HotSpot mark on the inside edge. Snicko seemed to react when it passed his thigh;Ravichandran Ashwin c ?Haddin b Starc 19 (37m 29b 2x4 0x6) SR: 65.51;
36.3;2;Starc to Ashwin, 2 runs full on middle and off, clipped away through midwicket;
36.2;?;Starc to Ashwin, no run short now, rising over head height. Ashwin goes for the hook and misses;
36.1;?;Starc to Ashwin, no run back of a length on off stump, defended towards short midwicket off the back foot;
35.6;2;Watson to Pujara, 2 runs full on middle and leg, clipped away through square leg;
35.5;?;Watson to Pujara, no run;
35.4;?;Watson to Pujara, no run length ball, movement away again off the pitch. Pujara is half-forward to defend and the ball beats his outside edge;
35.3;?;Watson to Pujara, no run length ball, angling in towards off stump. Pujara comes forward to defend;
35.2;3;Watson to Ashwin, 3 runs length ball on a fourth-stump line. Defended to short cover;
35.1;?;Watson to Ashwin, no run back of a length, a bit of width, and Ashwin stands tall and punches it away through square cover;
34.6;?;Starc to Pujara, no run short ball, rising over middle and off. Pujara gets on his toes to defend;
34.5;?;Starc to Pujara, no run length ball angling away from a fourth-stump line. Left alone;
34.4;4;Starc to Pujara, FOUR runs full and wide and Pujara goes for the drive, slicing it to the right of backward point;
34.3;?;Starc to Pujara, no run back of a length on a fifth-stump line, left alone;
34.2;?;Starc to Pujara, no run back of a length on off stump. Pujara goes back and across to defend;
34.1;4;Starc to Pujara, FOUR runs full-toss wide outside off. Pujara gets down low and steers it away to the backward point boundary;
33.6;?;Hazlewood to Ashwin, no run banged in shot, Ashwin ducks under it;
33.6;5nb;Hazlewood to Ashwin, (no ball) FOUR runs full outside off, overpitched. Ashwin drives it fluently to the cover boundary;
33.5;?;Hazlewood to Ashwin, no run short again, rising towards the ribcage. Ashwin hops to ride the bounce and keeps it down short of leg gully, taking his bottom hand off the bat handle;
33.4;?;Hazlewood to Ashwin, no run shortish, angling across towards middle. Ashwin gets on top of the bounce and plays it down into the off side;
33.3;?;Hazlewood to Ashwin, no run length ball, angling across towards off stump. Ashwin presses forward to defend into the covers;
33.2;?;Hazlewood to Ashwin, no run back of a length outside off, left alone;
33.1;2;Hazlewood to Ashwin, 2 runs length ball angling in towards off stump and Ashwin presents the full face of the bat to drive between the stumps and the non-striker;
32.6;1;Starc to Ashwin, 1 run shortish on middle stump. Ashwin plays a controlled pull out towards deep square leg;
32.5;?;Starc to Ashwin, no run length ball on middle and off, pushed towards mid-on;
32.4;?;Starc to Ashwin, no run length ball wide outside off, left alone;
32.3;?;Starc to Ashwin, no run sharp movement in from outside off and Ashwin's inside edge is beaten as he goes for the backfoot punch;
32.2;?;Starc to Ashwin, no run fullish wide outside off, flat-batted to the left of mid-off;
32.1;?;Starc to Ashwin, no run in the blockhole outside off, Ashwin jams his bat down on it to block;
31.6;1;Hazlewood to Ashwin, 1 run length ball on a fourth-stump line. Ashwin moves across and works it away through square leg;
31.5;4;Hazlewood to Ashwin, FOUR runs fullish outside off. Ashwin goes for the drive and slices it away uppishly through the backward point region;
31.4;?;Hazlewood to Ashwin, no run short outside off. Ashwin thinks of a pull and decides against it in the end;
31.3;?;Hazlewood to Ashwin, no run back of a length on middle stump. Ashwin shuffles across and tucks it away to short midwicket;
31.2;?;Hazlewood to Ashwin, no run length ball on a fourth-stump line, defended on the shuffle towards short cover;
31.1;?;Hazlewood to Ashwin, no run fullish on a fifth-stump line. Ashwin goes for the angled-bat drive away from his body and he's lucky to be beaten;
30.6;?;Johnson to Pujara, no run fuller now, outside off. Pujara leaves it alone;
30.5;?;Johnson to Pujara, no run back of a length, angling in towards middle stump. Pujara defends off the back foot;
30.4;?;Johnson to Pujara, no run shortish outside off, left alone;
30.3;?;Johnson to Pujara, no run bouncer. Pujara sways away from the line;
30.2;?;Johnson to Pujara, no run back of a length on leg stump. Pujara goes back and defends towards short leg;
30.1;?;Johnson to Pujara, no run full, angled across to a sixth-stump line. Pujara leaves it alone;
29.6;?;Hazlewood to Ashwin, no run good bouncer, angling in and rising over off stump. Ashwin sways away and drops his wrists under the ball;
29.5;2;Hazlewood to Ashwin, 2 runs full on the pads and Ashwin clips it away through midwicket;
29.4;?;Hazlewood to Ashwin, no run full, a bit of swing in towards off stump. Ashwin defends it back to the bowler;
29.3;?;Hazlewood to Ashwin, no run length ball wide outside off. Ashwin leaves it alone;
29.2;W;Hazlewood to Dhoni, OUT got him! Dhoni looked to do his shuffle across and out of the crease and Hazlewood bowled it right up, on an off-stump line. Dhoni desperately looked to play around his pad, and couldn't connect. Finger went up immediately for the lbw appeal. It seemed to hit him in line, but would it have hit the stumps or gone over? He was quite a long way down the track. Hawkeye says it's hitting top of middle;MS Dhoni lbw b Hazlewood 0 (4m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
29.1;1;Hazlewood to Pujara, 1 run angles this into the pads and he tucks it away towards deep backward square leg;
28.6;?;Johnson to Dhoni, no run length ball outside off. Left alone;
28.5;W;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, OUT and that's another. That was a back of a length ball outside off, a tiny bit of movement away to exaggerate the angle and extra bounce as well. Rohit wafts at it away from his body and edges it through to Haddin. Again they check for no-ball and again the heel is right on the edge.;Rohit Sharma c ?Haddin b Johnson 0 (2m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
28.4;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run another shortish, rising ball, and Rohit gets on his toes to defend;
28.3;W;Johnson to Rahane, OUT got him! Johnson is on fire! That rose dramatically from back of a length and Rahane was in no position to do anything about it. His hands went up instinctively and the ball popped up for a simple catch to backward point. They're checking for no-ball, and it's a very very close call. Only a tiny bit of his heel was behind the crease when he landed, but that's enough for Rahane to have to walk back;Ajinkya Rahane c Lyon b Johnson 10 (12m 8b 2x4 0x6) SR: 125;
28.2;?;Johnson to Rahane, no run oh my. That was the Johnson of the 2009 Ashes making an appearance. Slips out of his hand and it almost hits the return crease outside off on the full;
28.1;4;Johnson to Rahane, FOUR runs full outside off and this time Rahane gets a good stride out to drive punchily through cover;
27.6;?;Watson to Pujara, no run full outswinger outside off, left alone;
27.5;?;Watson to Pujara, no run angles this in on middle stump, right up, and he flicks it away to backward square leg;
27.4;?;Watson to Pujara, no run and again he gets it to move away. This one's wider, though, and Pujara withdraws his bat from the line;
27.3;?;Watson to Pujara, no run lovely. Again it straightens off the pitch, the length is slightly shorter. Pujara comes forward to defend and the ball beats his edge;
27.2;?;Watson to Pujara, no run fuller now, a bit closer to off stump. Pujara comes forward to defend and gets an outside edge that falls short of gully. Straightened away just a bit;
27.1;?;Watson to Pujara, no run back of a length on a fifth-stump line. Pujara leaves it alone;
26.6;4;Johnson to Rahane, FOUR runs short now. Rahane goes for the pull and top-edges it over the slips. Looks like another nervy start from Rahane;
26.5;?;Johnson to Rahane, no run beauty. The length was perfect, the angle inviting the drive into the covers. Rahane goes for it without getting fully forward and he's lucky that didn't take his edge;
26.4;2;Johnson to Rahane, 2 runs Johnson slants this full and wide and Rahane eases a checked drive to the left of the man at short cover;
26.3;?;Johnson to Rahane, no run fuller now, angling towards off stump. Rahane is half forward to push into the covers;
26.2;?;Johnson to Rahane, no run back of a length, angling towards off stump. Rahane lets it come on and defends into the off side;
26.1;W;Johnson to Kohli, OUT bowled him! Kohli shuffled across and poked away from his body at a back-of-a-length ball angling away from him. It may have straightened off the pitch, and it took the inside edge of his angled bat and clattered into the stumps. They're checking for a no-ball, but he's okay. Back of his heel is behind the line.;Virat Kohli b Johnson 1 (14m 11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 9.09;
25.6;?;Watson to Pujara, no run bangs this in short and Pujara ducks under it;
25.5;?;Watson to Pujara, no run length ball close to off stump. Pujara defends from the crease, towards short cover;
25.4;1;Watson to Kohli, 1 run angles this into the pads and Kohli tucks it away backward of square to get off the mark;
25.3;?;Watson to Kohli, no run short outside off. Kohli looks to pull and misses. Too wide to pull, that was;
25.2;?;Watson to Kohli, no run fullish outside off again, and again Kohli gets a big stride out to defend;
25.1;?;Watson to Kohli, no run presses forward a long way to defend this length ball outside off into the covers;
24.6;?;Johnson to Pujara, no run length ball on a fourth-stump line, defended into the covers;
24.5;4;Johnson to Pujara, FOUR runs another bouncer, over leg stump this time. Pujara is in two minds about leaving or fending, and he ends up doing neither. Ball hits his glove as he looks to raise his arms over his head and runs away to the fine leg boundary to bring up 2000 Test runs;
24.4;?;Johnson to Pujara, no run good short ball, straightens over off stump and forces Pujara to sway away and drop his wrists under the ball;
24.3;?;Johnson to Pujara, no run wide length ball, left alone;
24.2;?;Johnson to Pujara, no run full now, close to off stump. Pujara comes forward and plays it with the angle towards point;
24.1;?;Johnson to Pujara, no run back of a length wide outside off. Pujara leaves.;
23.6;?;Watson to Kohli, no run length ball outside off, left alone by Kohli;
23.5;?;Watson to Kohli, no run fuller now, angling in towards off stump, and he comes forward and defends towards mid-on;
23.4;?;Watson to Kohli, no run length ball on a fourth-stump line. Kohli shuffles rather than coming forward, and pokes it away towards third slip. It straightened after pitching;
23.3;?;Watson to Kohli, no run back of a length outside off, shuffles across to defend to mid-off;
23.2;?;Watson to Kohli, no run super delivery, that. Watson gets it to come back in sharply from outside off as Kohli shoulders arms. Bounce saves him, hits him on the back thigh pad;
23.1;?;Watson to Kohli, no run length ball outside off to start. Kohli presses forward to leave;
22.6;?;Johnson to Pujara, no run back of a length, angling in towards off stump. Pujara gets nicely behind it to defend towards short leg;
22.5;?;Johnson to Pujara, no run length ball, angling in towards top of off. Pujara comes forward to defend;
22.4;?;Johnson to Pujara, no run shorter now, angling away, giving Pujara a sniff of room for that favourite cut of his. He resists the temptation;
22.3;?;Johnson to Pujara, no run fuller now, on middle stump. Pujara comes forward to block it back to the bowler;
22.2;?;Johnson to Pujara, no run back of a length again, a little wider this time, and Pujara leaves it alone;
22.1;?;Johnson to Pujara, no run back of a length on off stump, defended to short cover;
21.6;?;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, no run length ball on middle stump, defended to short straight midwicket;
21.5;?;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, no run a little wider now and it's easier for Dhawan to leave this;
21.4;?;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, no run length ball in the corridor outside off. Dhawan's hands go at the ball initially and he stops himself at the last moment to make sure he misses the ball;
21.3;2;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, 2 runs full and wide and Dhawan drives, playing a bit early and scooping it up to the right of mid-off;
21.2;?;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, no run back of a length now, straighter line, and he gets on his toes to keep that down into the leg side;
21.1;?;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, no run full on off stump and Dhawan defends into the mid-off region. His feet moved a little late, and he walked into the shot a little bit;
20.6;?;Johnson to Pujara, no run full, angling in, Pujara gets a good stride forward to defend with a studiously straight bat, holding the pose for a while while taking the bottom hand off;
20.5;?;Johnson to Pujara, no run full and wide this time. Pujara leaves it alone. That looked quite rapid, not sure what speed it clocked;
20.4;?;Johnson to Pujara, no run back of a length now, angling in towards off. Pujara defends with soft hands into the off side;
20.3;?;Johnson to Pujara, no run another bouncer, angling in from wide of the crease. Again Pujara drops to his knees and sways his upper body out of the way, keeping his eyes on the ball right through;
20.2;?;Johnson to Pujara, no run follows up with the bouncer and Pujara does well to sway out of the way;
20.1;4;Johnson to Pujara, FOUR runs short ball, angling in and Pujara hops to get on top of the bounce and dabs it away with good control past gully;
19.6;?;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, no run ooh, another excellent delivery. Back of a length and it straightens towards off stump. Dhawan defends quite close to his body but the movement causes him to inside-edge it downwards, towards his stumps, but his legs are in the way;
19.5;?;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, no run shortish, and that climbs up unexpectedly as Dhawan shapes to pull. He ends up fending it away, off the handle into the leg side. Took his bottom hand off, or that would have jammed his fingers against his handle;
19.4;?;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, no run back of a length on middle and off, defended towards mid-off;
19.3;?;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, no run length ball on off stump and he gets nicely forward to defend to mid-off;
19.2;2;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, 2 runs down the leg side now and he works it away off his pads towards fine leg. Johnson moves quickly to his left from long leg and cuts it off at the rope;
19.1;?;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, no run length ball angling across. Dhawan gets a big stride out to push into the covers. They think about a single and decide against it, with good reason;
18.6;?;Johnson to Pujara, no run shortish rising ball angling into Pujara's body. He takes his bottom hand off the handle to defend into the leg side;
18.5;?;Johnson to Pujara, no run very full outside off. Pujara drives to the right of point, jamming his bat down over the ball;
18.4;?;Johnson to Pujara, no run full, angling in towards off stump, Pujara presses forward to defend to short cover;
18.3;1;Johnson to S Dhawan, 1 run fuller now, angling towards middle and leg, and he presses forward and defends into the off side. Pujara is quickly out of the crease to pinch the single for his partner;
18.2;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run short ball, Dhawan sways out of the line;
18.1;1;Johnson to Pujara, 1 run length ball on a fourth-stump line. Pujara gets his head over the ball and dabs it with soft hands to the left of the short cover fielder. He's been looking to take a lot of these quick singles in this innings so far;

Johnson comes around the wicket, interesting angle to the left-hander
Mangesh: "KK, how are you watching the match then buddy??" With the most powerful telescope in the universe
 Innings Start
4.45pm End of an extremely entertaining Test match. It's been a pleasure bringing it to you, as always. We'll be back for the Boxing Day Test, and I hope you'll join us for that. Until then, ta ta!
Last comment of the day - we usually don't publish the praise we get, but I'll make an exception here: Boll: "Notwithstanding the "iffy" Dohni LBW call by comms (Karthik?), I can`t remember a better Cricinfo commentary than this match. Great to have the additions of "Questions for the stars", but just fantastic to have this sort of service. Really appreciate it. It used to be ABC radio and the TV on mute. Now it`s streaming and Cricinfo comms. Love your work...from here in Japan."
Mazhar: "Australia will be happy to cross the line but wont be happy with Watson, Haddin, Marsh at all. None of them justified their position in the team. But I dont expect wholesale changes in boxing day test as the team won this match. If they lost it, there would have been at least 2 changes for sure"
Akash Singhal: "After the first innings, if somebody would have told me that this Indian bowling attack can restrict Australia to 122/6, I would have laughed! Wish we had a 200+ target to defend."
Steve Smith is the Man of the Match. "Extremely satisfying," he says. "The boys played some very good cricket the last four days and it's very satisfying to come out with a win. First day was very tough, the boys were dropping like flies. Credit to how they came out and bowled on the second morning. First innings runs are crucial here and getting a lead of 90 was handy. Josh Hazlewood is an outstanding bowler and he's started extremely well for Australia. Mitchell Johnson, Mr. Reliable, as always. I don't think it was advisable [winding up Johnson], and that partnership really set the game up for us. It's always tough playing against India, they've played some extremely good cricket and we just won the key moments. It's been an amazing thrill over the last week to captain this side, the boys have been outstanding and backed me up nicely."
Presentation time. MS Dhoni: "It's not about how near you are, it's about what actually happened. The first session today was a big debacle for us. There was a lack of communication in our dressing room over whether Shikhar will go into bat or Virat. We did not handle that situation well. We were having a bat at the nets, the wickets were not very good and he got hit. Didn't react too badly so we thought he was fine to bat. By the time he came in he was in a lot of pain and unable to bat. We were only able to give Virat 5-7 minutes to prepare. That created some unrest in the dressing room. I think Mitchell batted really well. Once you get close to the new ball, the ball goes soft and the bowlers get tired. He played his shots and he was a little lucky too. Nothing went to the fielders and he was able to score. I'm pretty happy with how we have played. We have shortcomings but I'm happy how the bowlers have shaped up. We have tried both five bowlers and an extra batsman, but neither has really grabbed the opportunity. They are a talented side and they have self-belief. For a few of them they are coming here for the first time and they haven't really succumbed to the pace factor. It's a pleasure playing in front of a big crowd in Melbourne. It's a special day as well (Boxing Day) and hopefully it will be good for us."
Avnish: "I want MSD to say this in the post match interview - "Well at least we all got an extra day to do the Christmas shopping!" "
Phalgun: "Who has won this session? Is it India for picking 6 wickets or Australia for chasing the 128?"
Don: "15 wickets fell in the day, with batting collapses galore, as an Indian fan it was horrible, nostalgic and entertaining at the same time."
4.24pm Australia deserved to win this, but India exposed the wobbliness of their batting in both innings. At 247 for 6 yesterday, with Australia 161 behind, they could have seriously pressed home the advantage and gotten into a winning position. Instead, they conceded a lead of close to 100, and their batsmen simply couldn't bail them out from there. Cracks opened up on the pitch and Johnson - who had played the decisive innings yesterday - flicked on the switch that turns him into one of the world's most terrifying bowlers, and the target that India finally set - 128 - was never really going to be enough. This is only the fifth time that a team has lost in four days after scoring 400 in the first innings. Australia have been the winning side in four of those matches. The run rate over this Test match was an eye-popping 4.12 - the fastest ever in a Test match in Australia, the ninth-fastest overall.
23.1;4;Aaron to Marsh, FOUR runs and that is it. Full outside off and he flows into a lovely cover drive that puts Australia 2-0 up in the series;
22.6;1;Yadav to Marsh, 1 run short ball, pulled away to deep square leg;
22.5;1;Yadav to Johnson, 1 run shortish on off stump, pulled towards mid-on;
22.4;1;Yadav to Marsh, 1 run back of a length outside off, angling away, steered away to third man;
22.3;1;Yadav to Johnson, 1 run back of a length, top of off, defended with an open face through backward point;
22.2;?;Yadav to Johnson, no run sees him making room and fires it full and wide. Left alone;
22.1;W;Yadav to Haddin, OUT and it's 122 for 6. The bouncer gets Haddin again. He goes for the hook and can't control it, hits it uppishly, down Kohli's throat coming in from deep backward square leg;Brad Haddin c Kohli b Yadav 1 (10m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
21.6;?;Aaron to Marsh, no run and again. Bouncer, duck, rinse, repeat.;
21.5;?;Aaron to Marsh, no run another bouncer, Mitchell Marsh ducks again;
21.4;?;Aaron to Marsh, no run banged in short, ducks under it;
21.3;?;Aaron to Marsh, no run length ball wide outside off, a bit of swing away. Left alone;
21.3;2nb;Aaron to Smith, (no ball) OUT ooh, do we have a run-out here? length ball, angling in towards middle stump and he shuffles across to tuck it away towards deep backward square leg. Smith goes for the second, and has to run around Aaron just after he turns, and that means he can't beat the direct hit at the striker's end. They go to the third umpire but he's well out. Smith points out the Aaron situation to the umpire, but the bowler was only standing his ground, and he's allowed to do that. Aaron flinched to avoid the collision, and both bowler and batsman ended up moving in the same direction. Dhoni played a part too, deflecting the throw onto the stumps with his gloves;Steven Smith run out (Yadav/?Dhoni) 28 (75m 39b 4x4 0x6) SR: 71.79;
21.2;?;Aaron to Smith, no run back of a length outside off and he goes back and across to defend;
21.1;4;Aaron to Smith, FOUR runs short ball, and Smith plays a Smith special. Gets his front leg out of the way and smacks that like a topspin forehand to the midwicket boundary;
20.6;1;Yadav to Smith, 1 run back of a length outside off, dabbed to the right of the diving Rahane at gully. Very coolly played;
20.5;1;Yadav to Haddin, 1 run short ball, predictably, and he's across his crease to pull that towards deep backward square leg;
20.4;W;Yadav to Marsh, OUT down the leg side again and it's given! Dhoni appealed as soon as it was in his gloves, and the finger went up immediately. Looked to nudge it off the hips and HotSpot shows a tiny mark as it passes the glove;Shaun Marsh c ?Dhoni b Yadav 17 (20m 17b 3x4 0x6) SR: 100;
20.3;?;Yadav to Marsh, no run short down the leg side. Marsh ignores it;
20.2;2;Yadav to Marsh, 2 runs in the blockhole on off stump. Marsh is a little late bringing his bat down, and inside-edges it past the stumps towards fine leg;
20.1;1;Yadav to Smith, 1 run on the pads and Smith happily tucks it away through square leg;
19.6;?;Aaron to Marsh, no run length ball outside off. Marsh slaps it to point;
19.5;?;Aaron to Marsh, no run back of a length outside off, left alone;
19.4;?;Aaron to Marsh, no run another lbw appeal as Marsh gets into a terrible position, stuck on the crease as this straightens towards off stump. Hangs his bat on the initial line and it misses the inside edge and hits the back pad. Again, height was the isssue;
19.4;1w;Aaron to Marsh, 1 wide looks for the bouncer, bowls it a (cricketing) mile down the leg side;
19.3;4;Aaron to Marsh, FOUR runs width, lots of it. Marsh is on the front foot and he ends up playing a rasping square cut to the point boundary;
19.2;?;Aaron to Marsh, no run full on off stump, defended to mid-on;
19.1;4;Aaron to Marsh, FOUR runs full down leg, easily put away by Marsh, who glances it away to the fine leg boundary;
18.6;?;Yadav to Smith, no run big appeal for lbw as he gets this one to tail in late from outside off. Smith shuffled across and shouldered arms and it came back to hit his pads. I guess it was going over the stumps;
18.5;?;Yadav to Smith, no run full outside off, driven to mid-off;
18.4;?;Yadav to Smith, no run back of a length outside off, left alone;
18.3;4;Yadav to Smith, FOUR runs shot! That was a good short ball, angling into the body. He leans his upper body backwards and opens his bat face very close to his body and ramps that over the slips;
18.2;1;Yadav to Marsh, 1 run short ball and he controls the hook very well, rolling his wrists on it to take it from outside off and play it towards deep square leg;
18.1;4;Yadav to Marsh, FOUR runs overpitched. Marsh drives it down the ground, to the left of mid-off;
17.6;1;Aaron to Marsh, 1 run full on off stump and he punches it to mid-off;
17.5;?;Aaron to Marsh, no run length ball close to off stump. Good-looking leave from Marsh, that straightened a bit and wasn't far from off stump at all;
17.4;1;Aaron to Smith, 1 run fullish, a bit of movement in towards off stump. Smith is stuck on the crease, and he brings his bat down in a hurry to chop it away through backward square leg;
17.3;1lb;Aaron to Marsh, 1 leg bye short again, doesn't rise as high. Marsh hops across and tucks it away uncomfortably to long leg;
17.2;?;Aaron to Marsh, no run sharply rising bouncer now, and Marsh hops across to fend, taking his eye off the ball, and gloves it into his chest;
17.1;?;Aaron to Marsh, no run full on a fifth-stump line, left alone;
16.6;4;Sharma to Smith, FOUR runs back of a length wide of off stump, and he punches it away with an open face to the point boundary;
16.5;?;Sharma to Smith, no run length ball outside off, Smith leaves again;
16.4;?;Sharma to Smith, no run back of a length, angling in. Wide enough for Smith to leave comfortably;
16.3;1;Sharma to Marsh, 1 run short, rising ball outside off and he gets on his toes and plays it down into the off side with soft hands;
16.2;W;Sharma to Rogers, OUT taken! And very well at that. It's short and wide, and there's a bit of extra bounce on it. Goes hard at the slash and the edge went very quickly towards Dhawan at third slip and he took it with both hands over his head;Chris Rogers c Dhawan b Sharma 55 (81m 57b 10x4 0x6) SR: 96.49;
16.1;?;Sharma to Rogers, no run back of a length outside off, forced off the back foot to the left of point;
15.6;1lb;Aaron to Rogers, 1 leg bye angling in towards middle stump, and he moves across to tuck it away behind square;
15.5;?;Aaron to Rogers, no run short, down the leg side. Rogers - wait for it - shuffles out of the way;
15.4;?;Aaron to Rogers, no run short ball. Rogers ducks under it;
15.3;?;Aaron to Rogers, no run full, angling down leg, and he misses out, can't connect with the flick and it hits him on the pad;
15.2;4;Aaron to Rogers, FOUR runs full outside off, lots of width, steered away with an open face wide of gully;
15.1;4;Aaron to Rogers, FOUR runs short ball and he seemed to premeditate the pull. Had moved across very early and he easily found the square leg boundary to bring up his half-century. Opened up and took it from quite a way outside off stump;
14.6;1lb;Sharma to Rogers, 1 leg bye shortish on leg stump, doesn't get as high as Rogers expected. He swivelled to pull and it ricocheted off his thigh pad towards fine leg;
14.5;?;Sharma to Rogers, no run short, way down the leg side. Rogers shapes to pull but realises there's no way he'll be able to connect with it;
14.4;1;Sharma to Smith, 1 run in the blockhole on leg stump. Smith lifts his left foot out of the way and flicks it away to deep backward square leg;
14.3;1;Sharma to Rogers, 1 run short now, shoulder height. He swivels and hooks it away to deep backward square leg;
14.2;4;Sharma to Rogers, FOUR runs full on a fourth-stump line and Rogers is batting beautifully here. Brings his bat down with the full face showing and finishes with left elbow nice and high as it hurries away to the left of mid-off;
14.1;1;Sharma to Smith, 1 run back of a length outside off, punched to the left of cover;
13.6;4;Aaron to Rogers, FOUR runs short and wide, and the delighted Rogers cuts it away for another boundary to his favourite backward point boundary;
13.5;1;Aaron to Smith, 1 run back of a length outside off, punched away through cover point;
13.4;?;Aaron to Smith, no run dropped! Virat Kohli has a terrible catching record in the slips, and it just got worse. Smith stood there anfd slashed at a wide ball, thick edge flew to Kohli's right at third slip. He moved across and got both hands to it at shoulder height and it popped straight back out;
13.3;?;Aaron to Smith, no run back of a length, a hint of inward movement again. Smith blocks it back towards the bowler;
13.2;?;Aaron to Smith, no run back of a length, a bit of movement in off the seam. He jams his bat down and tucks it away towards short midwicket;
13.1;4;Aaron to Smith, FOUR runs angles this in towards middle and leg. Smith scuttles across and works it off his thigh pad to the fine leg boundary;
12.6;2;Sharma to Rogers, 2 runs fuller now, on middle stump. He moves across to nurdle that to deep square leg;
12.5;2;Sharma to Rogers, 2 runs back of a length outside off, punched away through extra cover. He's looking really good now;
12.5;5nb;Sharma to Rogers, (no ball) FOUR runs back of a length on off stump. Rogers walks across and shovels it away to the midwicket boundary. It wasn't that short, and he played that very well. Not really a pull, he played that with an almost straight bat. Another no ball from Ishant;
12.4;?;Sharma to Rogers, no run again, movement away from outside off. May need to be closer to off stump to make Rogers play;
12.3;?;Sharma to Rogers, no run length ball outside off, straightens after pitching. Good leave from Rogers;
12.2;?;Sharma to Rogers, no run short, down the leg side again. Rogers misses the pull.;
12.2;1nb;Sharma to Rogers, (no ball) down the leg side, Dhoni drops it after Rogers misses the tuck around the corner;
12.1;1;Sharma to Smith, 1 run back of a length, angling in towards off stump. Pushed with soft hands towards short cover;
11.6;?;Yadav to Rogers, no run full-toss wide outside off. Rogers can't quite get across in time to connect with the drive;
11.5;4;Yadav to Rogers, FOUR runs short and wide again. Rogers cuts that crisply to the backward point boundary. No deep point for Rogers, and that is four runs. Bang off the middle of the bat;
11.4;1;Yadav to Smith, 1 run short and wide, slapped away to deep point;
11.3;?;Yadav to Smith, no run full, angling in towards off stump. Shuffles across to defend down the ground;
11.2;1lb;Yadav to Rogers, 1 leg bye too straight, tucked away off the pads behind square. Dhoni trots across to his right to pick up the ball;
11.1;?;Yadav to Rogers, no run full on off stump. Rogers drives to short cover;
10.6;?;Sharma to Smith, no run full outside off, driven to short extra cover. Again, feet don't move till after he's made contact with the ball, way out in front of his body. He's looking tentative here;
10.5;?;Sharma to Smith, no run overdoes the angle and slants it a long way down the leg side;
10.4;?;Sharma to Smith, no run back of a length, angling in and straightening away outside off. Smith pushes at it and the thick outside edge runs away towards gully;
10.3;?;Sharma to Smith, no run length ball angling into middle stump. Shuffles across to defend into the on side;
10.2;?;Sharma to Smith, no run short outside off at head-height. Smith tennis-smashes it back towards Ishant;
10.1;?;Sharma to Smith, no run length ball, straightens on off stump. Smith opens up a touch as he defends back towards the bowler. Again, barely any front-foot stride, but then he never seems to get forward and that doesn't stop him from getting lots of runs;
9.6;2;Yadav to Rogers, 2 runs a bit of movement off the pitch now, away from Rogers, starting from middle and leg. Squares him up as he looks to defend down the ground and the outside edge runs away towards cover;
9.5;?;Yadav to Rogers, no run a touch too full now, driven to mid-off;
9.4;?;Yadav to Rogers, no run lovely ball, and a loose waft from Rogers. It's full and angled across and the hands went out to drive and the feet followed later, after his bat had been beaten;
9.3;?;Yadav to Rogers, no run full down the leg side and he shuffles across to flick but can't connect;
9.2;?;Yadav to Rogers, no run back of a length on a fourth-stump line. Rogers shuffles across to defend;
9.1;?;Yadav to Rogers, no run fullish on off stump and he shuffles across to tuck it to short midwicket;
8.6;?;Sharma to Smith, no run back of a length, sharp inward movement off the deck from outside off. Smith leaves it alone;
8.5;4b;Sharma to Smith, 4 byes length ball, a bit of swerve in late as Smith shuffles across. Brushes his thigh pad and flies away past a diving Dhoni;
8.4;?;Sharma to Smith, no run length ball angling in towards off stump. Smith stays in his crease to defend towards mid-on;
8.4;1nb;Sharma to Smith, (no ball) back of a length outside off and he jumps back and across to defend;
8.3;1;Sharma to Rogers, 1 run back of a length outside off and he opens his bat face to steer it away past the diving gully fielder;
8.2;1;Sharma to Smith, 1 run full, angling in towards off stump. Rohit dives to his left at short midwicket to try and stop Smith's clip, can't quite hold on, pushes it towards mid-on;
8.1;?;Sharma to Smith, no run shortish, angles it down the leg side;
7.6;?;Yadav to Rogers, no run short ball and Rogers is unsure how high it's going to get up. Half-ducks into it and it hits him on the front shoulder;
7.5;4;Yadav to Rogers, FOUR runs full and wide again, and this one is driven to the cover boundary. Loose, loose bowling here;
7.4;4;Yadav to Rogers, FOUR runs low full-toss wide outside off and he comes forward and opens his bat face to steer it away to the backward point boundary;
7.3;?;Yadav to Rogers, no run full, angling away towards a fourth-stump line. Rogers shuffles across and defends into the on side;
7.2;?;Yadav to Rogers, no run full on off stump, punched back to the bowler;
7.1;?;Yadav to Rogers, no run length ball angling away from off stump. Rogers leaves it alone;
6.6;2;Sharma to Smith, 2 runs back of a length outside off, punched away through point;
6.5;?;Sharma to Smith, no run length ball, angling away from off stump. Smith shuffles across and leaves;
6.4;?;Sharma to Smith, no run full, swinging in but down the leg side. Smith doesn't connect with the flick.;
6.4;1nb;Sharma to Smith, (no ball) back of a length, slanting away from off stump. Smith leaves it alone. No-ball.;
6.3;W;Sharma to Watson, OUT gone! Ishant is on fire! That was a well-directed bouncer, at head height. Watson goes for the hook and top-edges it high in the air, loops to Dhoni, who didn't have to move at all. Checking for no-ball, and it's right on the edge - exactly like a couple of Johnson's wickets in the morning;Shane Watson c ?Dhoni b Sharma 0 (11m 8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
6.2;?;Sharma to Watson, no run length ball, angling in towards off stump. Watson gets forward to defend down the pitch;
6.1;?;Sharma to Watson, no run back of a length, straightens outside off. Watson thinks about having a poke, pulls his bat away at the last moment;
5.6;?;Yadav to Rogers, no run length ball outside off, punched towards short cover;
5.5;2;Yadav to Rogers, 2 runs short ball, and Rogers was in no position to pull that. Ended up sorta-pulling, sorta-flicking, sorta-fending it away uppishly, into the unguarded midwicket area;
5.4;?;Yadav to Rogers, no run low full-toss outside off, pushed firmly to mid-off;
5.3;2;Yadav to Rogers, 2 runs too straight, clipped off the pads through square leg;
5.2;?;Yadav to Rogers, no run full on off stump, driven back firmly and Yadav bends down low in his follow-through to stop it with his right hand;
5.1;?;Yadav to Rogers, no run back of a length angling across. Rogers shuffles across to defend;
4.6;?;Sharma to Watson, no run back of a length outside off. Watson hops back and across to defend;
4.5;?;Sharma to Watson, no run full now, angling in towards off stump. Watson blocks off the front foot towards the bowler;
4.4;?;Sharma to Watson, no run bouncer again. Watson ducks low under it;
4.3;?;Sharma to Watson, no run length ball, angling in towards off stump. Watson defends from the crease towards short cover;
4.2;?;Sharma to Watson, no run short ball first up, angling in. Watson ducks under it, taking his eyes off the ball;
4.1;W;Sharma to Warner, OUT got him, that is an absolute beauty. Angled in, straightens from a fourth-stump line. Warner hopes across to defend, he's squared up and Dhoni pouches an easy catch off the outside edge;David Warner c ?Dhoni b Sharma 6 (21m 12b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
4.1;1nb;Sharma to Warner, (no ball) pings him on the pad with a ball angled in sharply, back of a length. Warner is on the hop when it hits him. Was looking to work it across into the on side;
3.6;2;Yadav to Rogers, 2 runs back of a length, a bit of width outside off, punched firmly to the left of Rohit at point;
3.5;3;Yadav to Warner, 3 runs back of a length outside off and Warner steers it away behind point. You can see he's in pain by the fact that his bottom hand came off the handle as he played the shot. Rips his glove off after completing the run;
3.4;?;Yadav to Warner, no run back of a length, angling towards off stump. Warner stabs at it and it's off the outside half of the bat towards backward point;
3.3;2;Yadav to Warner, 2 runs comes forward to the length ball outside off, looks to drive on the up. Checks his shot for the extra bounce and pops it in the air wide of cover;
3.2;?;Yadav to Warner, no run lbw appeal, not given. He shuffled across to pull and it kept a bit low. He was on the hop and it hit him high on the pad, and it might have pitched outside leg too;
3.1;?;Yadav to Warner, no run good ball. Angled across, back of a length. Warner is beaten, pushing at it away from his body. He moved across, but a little late;
2.6;?;Sharma to Rogers, no run back of a length, angling towards middle and off. Warner shuffles across and defends towards short midwicket;
2.5;?;Sharma to Rogers, no run length ball on off stump. Rogers hops back and across and defends towards point;
2.4;4;Sharma to Rogers, FOUR runs full and wide, and that is crunched away through cover. Good stride out and he scythed his bat through the ball;
2.3;4;Sharma to Rogers, FOUR runs shuffles across now and Ishant serves up a shortish ball on leg stump. Tickles it away gratefully to the fine leg boundary;
2.2;?;Sharma to Rogers, no run back of a length, angling away from Rogers. Left alone;
2.1;?;Sharma to Rogers, no run shortish down the leg side. Rogers shuffles across to tuck it away fine, doesn't get bat on it;
1.6;?;Yadav to Warner, no run short ball, Warner is a touch too early into the pull. Doesn't get up as high as expected and it smacks him in the midriff;
1.5;1;Yadav to Rogers, 1 run back of a length on a fourth-stump line, pushed off the back foot towards cover;
1.4;1;Yadav to Warner, 1 run back of a length, movement in towards off stump, keeps low. Warner jabs his bat down in a hurry and it's off the inside edge towards long leg;
1.3;?;Yadav to Warner, no run whoa. Extra bounce from a fairly full length. Warner comes forward to defend outside off and it climbs and hits him on the bottom hand, bounces away towards gully. It's hurt him, here. Hit him flush on the thumb, and he has his glove off and he's called for the physio;
1.2;?;Yadav to Warner, no run full, swinging in towards middle and leg, tucked away carefully to short midwicket;
1.1;?;Yadav to Warner, no run back of a length on off stump. Warner goes back and across and blocks it back towards the bowler;
0.6;?;Sharma to Rogers, no run back of a length on off stump and Rogers hops across to defend;
0.5;?;Sharma to Rogers, no run length ball, fourth stump, slanting away, left alone;
0.4;?;Sharma to Rogers, no run this one's angled across in an exaggerated way, and Rogers leaves comfortably;
0.3;?;Sharma to Rogers, no run beaten again. Fuller this time, a touch wider, and Rogers pushes at it with no footwork;
0.2;?;Sharma to Rogers, no run beauty. Length ball on off stump, lots of bounce through to Dhoni after it beats Roger's defensive prod. Wasn't playing away from his body there;
0.1;?;Sharma to Rogers, no run length ball, angling away from off stump. Rogers leaves it alone;

2.05pm Warner and Rogers are out in the middle. Ashwin gives Warner a pat on the back, and Warner pats Ashwin back on his back. Lots of backs in there. Who's coming in with the new ball, to bend his back? It's Ishant.
 Innings Start