Data
6.30 pm A fairly in-between kind of total, Sri Lanka at one point looked good for 250 with their Nos. 3 and 4 hitting fifties. But neither Kusal Mendis nor Dinesh Chandimal found the going easy on a dry pitch which gave plenty for bowlers willing to slow the pace down. James Faulkner is just that kind of bowler, and he ended up with four wickets on his comeback. Have I missed anything? Hmm.. I keep having this voice in my head saying I've made a glaring err... oh yeah, Mitchell Starc coolly became the fastest bowler to take 100 ODI wickets beating a 19-year old record held by Pakistan offspinner Saqlain Mushtaq. Join us in half an hour for the chase, and brace yourself for lots of spin. Sri Lanka have at least seven who could roll their arm over...
"@rssampat I partly blame the commentators. Every time a batsman scores with that silly scoop shot, they go gaga with comments like, "You beauty", or "That's innovative", or "Cute"." Ouch, that hurts, Jagan. That cuts deep. That... eh, I don't really care.
DanielAlexander: "Australia took 4 hours to bowl the 50 overs, what are the chances of Smith visiting the match referee?"
49.6;1;Faulkner to Aponso, 1 run slices it to point, Bailey has a decision to make, whether to go for a catch or hang back. He decides he wants the wicket, dives forward, but can't get there. Good on him to put his body in line with it though;
49.5;1;Faulkner to Chandimal, 1 run low full toss outside off, punched to mid-off;
49.4;?;Faulkner to Chandimal, no run beaten as he slogs across the line of a good length ball outside off;
49.3;1;Faulkner to Aponso, 1 run low full toss outside off, drilled to mid-off;
49.2;W;Faulkner to Perera, OUT goes for the lap sweep.... and picks out short fine leg! If he was intending to use the pace of the ball, there was very little on it. A 116 kph fuller ball on leg stump gives Faulkner his fourth;Dilruwan Perera c Hazlewood b Faulkner 10 (8m 6b 2x4 0x6) SR: 166.66;
49.1;1;Faulkner to Chandimal, 1 run low full toss outside off, sliced to point;
48.6;4;Hazlewood to Perera, FOUR runs oof, that would hurt a fast bowler's pride. Dilruwan has slog swept him for a boundary to midwicket. Could have been a six on other grounds.;
48.5;4;Hazlewood to Perera, FOUR runs that's helpful. Perera is beaten for pace as he tries to slice the ball behind point, but the angle and the offcut of the ball into him means the inside edge wanders to fine leg;
48.4;2;Hazlewood to Perera, 2 runs top shot! That's at his top pace, looking for the yorker on middle. Steered to deep point;
48.3;1;Hazlewood to Chandimal, 1 run extra bounce, and Chandimal is again in a spot where he has to fear for injury! His own fault to an extent for running at the fast bowler, who shortens his length and the ball gives him a little extra. Thankfully it robs some of the pace off the ball too which means Chandimal can get his hand up and protect his face;
48.2;1b;Hazlewood to Perera, 1 bye runs down the track for a good length ball and goes for a swat down the ground. Wade misses a regulation take and gives a bye;
48.1;1;Hazlewood to Chandimal, 1 run fuller ball on off stump, nudged towards midwicket;
43.6;1;Henriques to Perera, 1 run offcutter to finish on a good length, holds in the pitch to ruin Thisara's drive on the up;
43.5;4;Henriques to Perera, FOUR runs Look ma, I can hit it with my eyes closed! He was walking down the track, wandering away outside off. Henriques the enraged bowls a short ball, Thisara ducks and wafts at the ball with his bat and scoops it over short fine leg, half intending to do so, half hoping to avoid getting hit;
43.4;4;Henriques to Perera, FOUR runs 113 kph, you little beauty! Thisara's calling card is the mow over midwicket, but here he gets Sri Lanka's first boundary in over 15 overs with a delicate little leg glance that sends the roof off of Khettarama;
43.3;2;Henriques to Perera, 2 runs lovely connection first ball, which was slow too. Not many at that pace has been middled, but it was on the pads. Flicked to long leg;
43.2;1;Henriques to Chandimal, 1 run short enough that Chandimal can rock back and cut, but it's straight to the sweeper;
43.1;?;Henriques to Chandimal, no run full and angled into the right-hander, flicked away;
42.6;1;Starc to Chandimal, 1 run wide of the crease, full and holds its line on middle, whipped down to long-on;
42.5;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run Starc dishes out an off-stump full toss, sliced to point;
42.4;W;Starc to Siriwardana, OUT good length and outside off, Siriwardana's bottom hand flies off the bat as he chips a catch to mid-off, running to his right. The ball stopped at Siriwardana, who checked his loft hit and simply lobbed a catch to Finch. Stroke making is very difficult on this parched surface;Milinda Siriwardana c Finch b Starc 19 (50m 26b 0x4 0x6) SR: 73.07;
42.3;1;Starc to Chandimal, 1 run angles a full toss outside off, dabbed to third man;
42.2;2;Starc to Chandimal, 2 runs too straight in line, Chandi flicks it to midwicket with a whirl of the whirl of the wrists. Head throws it on the half-volley to the keeper. Overthrows. Two runs. Good awareness from Chandi. Hares back for the second, despite the blow on the ribs;
42.1;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run Starc thinks he has Chandi caught behind. Umpire Martinesz says no. Australia have used up their review. Wide of the crease, and gets it to straighten outside off. Chandi drives as the ball carries to the keeper. But, I don't think there was a nick there. Or was it? Tight call;
47.6;?;Faulkner to Perera, no run big appeal for leg before, but this hit the new Perera too high.;
47.5;1;Faulkner to Chandimal, 1 run whipped towards long leg;
47.4;W;Faulkner to Perera, OUT that is one heck of a catch from Wade running forward! But the fourth umpire has asked Thisara to wait, the third umpire will be taking a look at this. Thisara was wandering outside off stump for the scoop, Faulkner bowls it shorter and wider to complicate the shot. Desitined to be mistimed and Wade, with excellent presence of mind runs across, and boy is he quick! Had the ball in his sights all through, throws himself after the ball - he needed to, wouldn't have reached it otherwise - and catches it with his arms fully outstretched millimeters off the ground. Replays indicated the ball bounced up, and it did, but it was off Wade's gloves, not the ground. Umpire Gough did well to call that;Thisara Perera c ?Wade b Faulkner 21 (29m 14b 3x4 0x6) SR: 150;
47.3;?;Faulkner to Perera, no run that's a beaut! Thisara set up for the big old golf swing, but the back of the hand slower ball pitches in front of where the bat could reach, landed on the seam, kicks up and sashays past the outside edge;
47.2;?;Faulkner to Perera, no run half-volley outside off, Thisara plops his front leg aside and mauls it to extra cover.;
47.1;1;Faulkner to Chandimal, 1 run slower ball on off stump, Chandimal tucks it towards mid-on, Smith from midwicket hurtles in and keeps it to a single;
46.6;4;Hazlewood to Perera, FOUR runs cuts from the stumps and his power takes care of the result! There was point, there was short third man and he beats both of them to their left. Fierce!;
46.5;1;Hazlewood to Chandimal, 1 run tails in on middle - rapid reverse swing - and Chandimal was almost thrown off his feet. Manages to get his bat down in time for a single through midwicket. Hazlewood appealed thinking it was pad, but it was all wood;
46.4;1;Hazlewood to Perera, 1 run targets the pads and Thisara whips it in the air to the right of deep midwicket, falls just short of Smith running in;
46.3;?;Hazlewood to Perera, no run backs away to try and cut the ball off the stumps, but the cutter beats him and only just misses off stump. Thisara gets a talking to from Chandimal;
46.2;?;Hazlewood to Perera, no run short and wide, hammers it off the bottom of the bat to cover;
46.1;1;Hazlewood to Chandimal, 1 run full on off stump, Chandimal plays it down to long-on;
41.6;1;Henriques to Chandimal, 1 run pitched up fuller now, the offcutter is Henriques' safely blanket. Sticks in the surface. Chandi waits back in the crease and flips it around to the midwicket region;
41.5;?;Henriques to Chandimal, no run struck on the ribs and he goes down! He had run down the track, Henriques reacts with an offcutter that digs into the pitch and leaps up at the batsman. Chandimal was trying to hack across the line on instinct and is struck on the ribs. He crumpled over immediately, had enough fight in him to go back into his crease but he needs serious medical attention now. I remember Pietersen wearing one like that from McGrath and going out of action for a while.;
41.4;1;Henriques to Siriwardana, 1 run moves away to leg stump, the fast bowler follows him with a short one, pulled away to deep square leg;
41.3;1;Henriques to Chandimal, 1 run runs down the track and harrumphs it down to long-on. Chandimal's decided to accelerate now.;
41.2;?;Henriques to Chandimal, no run bounds out to meet the slower ball on off stump and yorks himself for his trouble;
41.1;1;Henriques to Siriwardana, 1 run shortish and outside off, sliced through to point;
40.6;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run lovely bowling from Starc, luckless bowling too. He pulls his length back, and has perhaps gone a little too short to get the outside edge. Reverse swing away from the bat and Chandimal was squared up, his legs on leg stump and his hands reaching out;
40.5;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run another yorker, and this might have reverse away and beaten the outside edge. He was also beaten for pace, but the good thing was Chandimal was playing with a straight bat.;
40.4;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run ripper of a toecrusher, at 141 kph too. But Chandimal is superb too, keeps so still in the crease, brings that bat down in line with middle stump and saves himself. Cricket, you beauty!;
40.3;1;Starc to Siriwardana, 1 run heaves at it, but he has to settle for another pesky inside edge to long leg. Full and tailing in on off stump;
40.2;2;Starc to Siriwardana, 2 runs inside edge to a 140 kph delivery scalping for the middle of middle. Siri plays from the crease and doesn't know where the ball had gone until Chandi was rushing up at him;
40.1;?;Starc to Siriwardana, no run tinge of reverse into the left-hander, nudged towards midwicket;
39.6;1;Henriques to Siriwardana, 1 run through the gap at cover! Siri goes aerial against the length ball, pretty much your standard ODI shot provided the pitch was true. Times it well, though and places it just about perfectly;
39.5;?;Henriques to Siriwardana, no run defends a good length ball on leg stump, but since it was laced with offcut the ball pops out towards where silly mid-off might have been;
39.4;1;Henriques to Chandimal, 1 run fuller ball on off stump, whipped to deep square leg;
39.3;?;Henriques to Chandimal, no run stays low, but the offcutter doesn't trouble Chandimal who pats it down the pitch;
39.2;1;Henriques to Siriwardana, 1 run sweet connection on the cut shot as Siriwardana waits on the back of a length ball to come to him;
39.1;1;Henriques to Chandimal, 1 run some bounce on the offcutter, Chandimal rides it well with a tuck through to square leg, Bailey sensed a run-out chance and swooped on the ball early. Concentration drifted to throwing the ball too early and he misfields;
38.6;1;Hazlewood to Chandimal, 1 run wanders out of his crease and takes a full ball from outside off and drags it to deep midwicket;
38.5;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run plays around an offcutter, and enjoys an inside edge onto his pads. Would have been plumb otherwise. Not too wise a shot to be playing on a slow pitch that offers purchase for cutters;
38.4;1;Hazlewood to Siriwardana, 1 run slots it into the gap in front of point and the good length ball amounts to runs;
38.3;?;Hazlewood to Siriwardana, no run fuller delivery outside off, driven towards cover;
38.2;2;Hazlewood to Siriwardana, 2 runs just lobs over mid-on! Perhaps he wasn't expecting the short ball, or for the short ball to come at him at good pace. Must have been a lot of effort behind it from Hazlewood. The top-edge lands safely;
38.1;1;Hazlewood to Chandimal, 1 run back of a length on off stump, Chandimal drops an open face on it like a ton of bricks and scampers off to the other end to evade punishment;
37.6;1;Head to Chandimal, 1 run tossed up outside off, whipped to long-on;
37.5;1;Head to Siriwardana, 1 run eased through the covers again, this time along the ground. Siri has understood the pace of the deck.;
37.4;2;Head to Siriwardana, 2 runs that's just gorgeous! He moves inside the line of the ball and chips a tossed up ball over cover. Magnificent timing;
37.3;1;Head to Chandimal, 1 run fifty for Chandimal! A very responsible innings from the vice-captain. This was one of the easier runs he's gotten today, a ball on the pads, flicked away.;
37.2;?;Head to Chandimal, no run appeal for a stumping from the wicketkeeper after Head runs through Chandimal! Loops it up, slows it down, gets the ball to turn and hurtle through the gate as the batsman defends. But credit to him, as far forward as he was lunging, the backfoot was down and did not move out of the crease;
37.1;1;Head to Siriwardana, 1 run some turn, but slow turn, which allows Siri to adjust. He had made room to cut and ended up having too much of it. Checks his shot and keeps it to ground. Single to point;
36.6;1;Hazlewood to Siriwardana, 1 run nicely done, he had to hit against the cut, but it wasn't prominent as Faulkner's. Siri plays late and close to his body as well to dilute the threat and gets a single to square leg;
36.5;1;Hazlewood to Chandimal, 1 run offcutter towards the end of the over, Chandimal reads it out of the hand, is helped by the ball being short too, dabs behind point;
36.4;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run waits for the tail - and it is rather late so good on Hazlewood for that - but Chandimal's been in long enough to adjust his batspeed and bring it to meet the ball on the base of middle stump;
36.3;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run another yorker, tinged with reverse swing, Chandimal handled it well in the Tests and does so here too, playing late and playing with the inswing;
36.2;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run aims a full inswinger on the base of middle and off, Chandimal does well to keep his toes out of the way and flick to short midwicket;
36.1;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run width offered and Chandimal spurns it with a chops straight to point;
35.6;?;Henriques to Siriwardana, no run greets the full offcutter with an equally full face of the bat.;
35.5;?;Henriques to Siriwardana, no run shortish and outside off, slapped to Head at point. There's a sentence I didn't think I'd say out loud;
35.4;?;Henriques to Siriwardana, no run full on the base of off stump, sent to cover;
35.3;1;Henriques to Chandimal, 1 run fuller ball on middle and leg, tucked behind square leg;
35.2;1;Henriques to Siriwardana, 1 run offcutter, but Siri spotted it early and slices it towards the covers for a quick single. Needs to concentrate on those to make sure he gets set;
35.1;1;Henriques to Chandimal, 1 run back of a length and outside off, dabbed towards point;
34.6;?;Head to Siriwardana, no run just wide of first slip! Beautiful bowling from Head, having plied him and Chandimal with flat darts, he decides to throw this up with a little more flight. Siri comes forward tentatively and gets an outside edge. Smith at first slip dives to his left but can't grab it;
34.5;?;Head to Siriwardana, no run tossed up outside off, driven to cover. "Nooooooooo," Chandimal banshees!;
34.4;1;Head to Chandimal, 1 run good running from Siri! With his fresh legs, he knew he could make the danger end. Chandimal came forward to block, got an inside edge towards short square leg, and the keeper had to go after it himself, then turn around to throw by which time Siri was back;
34.3;?;Head to Chandimal, no run moves across in line with a slider just outside off and blocks;
34.2;1;Head to Siriwardana, 1 run too short and Siriwardana nails the first shot he has today - a cut to deep point;
34.1;1;Head to Chandimal, 1 run nudges it from off stump to deep square leg with great ease, that's how slow the pitch is;
33.6;1;Henriques to Chandimal, 1 run shortish and outside off, dabbed towards cover point. Chandimal will keep strike, which may well be good for Sri Lanka;
33.5;1;Henriques to Siriwardana, 1 run full and wide, Siriwardana attempts an unswise drive with the open face of the bat, pushing at a ball that seems very reluctant to come to him after pitching. Outside edge wanders to third man;
33.4;?;Henriques to Siriwardana, no run good bowling this, no one's bothering to put any pace on the ball. Instead they roll their fingers along the side, it makes them bite into the pitch and misbehave. The 103 kph good length ball very wide outside off sneaks under the cutting bat;
33.3;1;Henriques to Chandimal, 1 run stood up tall, or at least tried to, against the back of a length ball and squirts to through midwicket with the break on the ball;
33.2;?;Henriques to Chandimal, no run leans into a fuller ball outside off and drives into the covers;
33.1;2;Henriques to Chandimal, 2 runs offcutter on middle, nurdled to midwicket;
32.6;1;Starc to Chandimal, 1 run good length ball drilled through the covers;
32.5;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run oooh, delicate little late cut from Chandimal, but he placed it too fine. Wicketkeeper Wade moves swiftly to his right and stops a certain boundary;
32.4;1;Starc to Siriwardana, 1 run inside edge, with the new batsman in, one who hasn't faced him too much on this tour - last time, possibly in the practice match before the Tests - Siriwardana tries a dab to third man and nearly loses his stumps;
32.3;1;Starc to Chandimal, 1 run back of a length and outside off, slid to third man;
32.2;W;Starc to Dhananjaya, OUT 100 ODI wickets, and he is the fastest ever to that mark in cricket history! Big, tall, scary fast bowler makes history with a innocuous, pace-less, slow old teaser. Ah, irony. Starc had de Silva reaching outside off, thinking it was up there for a cover drive, but the ball holds in the pitch and pops over to short midwicket. Bailey moves to his right, dives and secures it. Brilliant piece of deception from Starc, and sign that he is evolving.;Dhananjaya de Silva c Bailey b Starc 2 (15m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
32.1;?;Starc to Dhananjaya, no run beaten by the slower ball from Starc! The open face of the bat flirts with the line of the ball before it even arrives - it's full and it dances on through;
31.6;?;Faulkner to Chandimal, no run falls just short of the bowler! Faulkner remains a constant threat when his line is straight. Batsman from the subcontinent invariably like swat those away through midwicket, but on this slow, dry pitch, Chandimal has to check his shot and he nearly pops one back off the leading edge;
31.5;?;Faulkner to Chandimal, no run made him reach a touch with the offcutter at 118 kph, Chandimal handles it well enough with an angled face of the bat;
31.4;?;Faulkner to Chandimal, no run fuller delivery at 117 kph, defended cautiously;
31.3;1;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, 1 run a little shorter, which affords him a little more time to play with, clipped away to deep midwicket;
31.2;?;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, no run nicely played. Faulkner is getting the ball to break sharply off the deck, so de Silva keeps his bat as close as possible, opens it towards point and plays as late as possible. Well in control of the glide;
31.1;1;Faulkner to Chandimal, 1 run fuller ball outside off, driven to long-off. Pressure on Chandimal to turn this into a long innings;
30.6;1;Starc to Chandimal, 1 run fuller delivery outside off, driven towards mid-off and we'll all take a drink and spoil ourselves;
30.6;1w;Starc to Chandimal, 1 wide good length ball far too wide for this format. Chandimal leaves, looks at the umpire and gets what he wanted;
30.5;1;Starc to Dhananjaya, 1 run back you vile full toss says de Silva with a lovely, wristy flick through square leg;
30.4;1;Starc to Chandimal, 1 run almost, but there was no one at short midwicket to threaten this false stroke into becoming a bad stroke. Starc works the angle from around the stumps and the dry pitch holds onto the ball oh so lovingly, Chandimal flicks goes uppishly;
30.3;2;Starc to Chandimal, 2 runs meets it with a serene drive all along the ground to deep cover. Gentle treatment a full toss didn't deserve;
30.2;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run shortish and fairly wide, Chandimal cuts carefully to point;
30.1;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run good length ball speared in from around the stumps, Chandimal deflects it towards point;
29.6;?;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, no run full and just outside off, defended and Faulkner finishes a double-wicket maiden.;
29.5;W;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, OUT double-wicket over, and Head should deserves a lot of credit for this one. Takes an outstanding catch at point! Faulkner tempts the drive with a wide half-volley, Mathews takes the bait but should have gone after it harder. Head at point moves nimbly to his left, leaps up and takes it with both hands over his head;Angelo Mathews c Head b Faulkner 0 (5m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
29.4;?;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, no run back of a length and outside off, pushed to cover;
29.3;?;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, no run extra bounce now! Solid puff of dust from the surface and Mathews who had been caught in the crease trying to defend suddenly has one lurching at him.;
29.2;?;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, no run beautiful bowling from Faulkner. He has understood that this dry pitch is giving him plenty for the offcutter. And he lands it a the perfect spot - on a full length on leg stump to tempt the batsman to play across the line. Beats the outside edge;
29.1;W;Faulkner to Mendis, OUT got 'im! One mistake too many for Mendis as he pulls too early, gets a top edge and offers a dolly of a catch - for once where the fielder was. Head at midwicket takes it and Australia celebrate, giving thanks to Faulkner's offcutter slower ball holding in the pitch;Kusal Mendis c Head b Faulkner 67 (124m 95b 6x4 0x6) SR: 70.52;
28.6;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run sweetly struck to point as Chandimal waited on the back foot for a late could, had he been a touch more patient he could have had a boundary at third man;
28.5;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run cuts back in, the pace is at 133kph so it might not be an offbreak. Chandimal was whipping across the line and was beaten;
28.4;1;Hazlewood to Mendis, 1 run back of a length on off stump, tucked towards short fine leg;
28.3;1;Hazlewood to Chandimal, 1 run shortish on off stump, Chandimal waits a bit as the ball holds up on the pitch and nudges it to midwicket;
28.2;1;Hazlewood to Mendis, 1 run good length ball outside off, driven smartly to the left of mid-off;
28.1;4;Hazlewood to Mendis, FOUR runs walllllllloppped away to long leg! For fast bowlers, this pitch is the equivalent of that little corner in class where the dunce is sent to. And Hazlewood makes it worse by bowling short. Mendis swivels on the back foot and pulls away;
27.6;1;Zampa to Mendis, 1 run moves across on off stump and drives to long-on;
27.5;4;Zampa to Mendis, FOUR runs slog sweep, the little man muscles it away! And there had to be plenty behind it to beat Warner at deep midwicket. It was a fairly short ball, Mendis could have pulled it, if he hadn't premeditated a sweep;
27.4;1;Zampa to Chandimal, 1 run stays back and slaps a flatter delivery through point;
27.3;1;Zampa to Mendis, 1 run lucky again! He mistimed a slog sweep earlier, and now he just about beats point running back. Mendis was beaten in flight as he charged out, and as such the ball turns and makes him reach away from his body as he drives.;
27.2;1;Zampa to Chandimal, 1 run short one, spots his exit at point and takes it;
27.1;4;Zampa to Chandimal, FOUR runs sweeps from the stumps, but he has managed it so well! It's tossed up and drifting in, it is bound to turn, but somehow he gets on top of it and laces it with enough power to beat the man in the deep. Risky, but superbly executed;
26.6;?;Hazlewood to Mendis, no run shortish and just outside off, Mendis covers the line and knocks it to short midwicket;
26.5;?;Hazlewood to Mendis, no run tails in, but it does so early enough that Mendis can spot it and nudge towards midwicket;
26.4;1;Hazlewood to Chandimal, 1 run "yeah, yeah," yelps Chandi and poor Mendis, he's soaking in sweat, has to put in a dive and add dirt onto his uniform as well. That laundry bill is going to be a monster. Steven Smith taking any chance he can get to give it to Sri Lanka, running in from point quickly and underarming the throw;
26.3;2;Hazlewood to Chandimal, 2 runs straight lines are easy for Sri Lankan batsmen, Chandimal works it away to deep square leg;
26.2;1;Hazlewood to Mendis, 1 run a little nip-backer that has Mendis twisted around like a pretzel. He was set up for a pull shot, playing the original line of the ball, but Hazlewood moves it off the seam and cramps him. Single to midwicket;
26.1;1;Hazlewood to Chandimal, 1 run a gentle little glide to point, and a great big hurry to get to the other end;
25.6;1;Zampa to Chandimal, 1 run darted short and outside offf, flat-batted fiercely to long-off again;
25.5;1;Zampa to Mendis, 1 run lobs a full toss on the stumps, punched down to long-on;
25.4;1;Zampa to Chandimal, 1 run pushed through outside off, swept away to deep square leg;
25.3;1;Zampa to Mendis, 1 run dropped way short and outside off, flat-bat wallop to long-off;
25.2;?;Zampa to Mendis, no run slower through the air outside off, forward and caressed to the covers;
25.1;?;Zampa to Mendis, no run tossed-up legbreak on off, dead-batted to where silly point may have been;
24.6;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run length and outside off, punchily driven to extra cover;
24.5;1;Hazlewood to Mendis, 1 run shortish and outside off, shovelled away to sweeper cover;
24.4;?;Hazlewood to Mendis, no run short and outside off, cracks a cut and finds point;
24.3;1;Hazlewood to Chandimal, 1 run good length and angled in, tapped down the ground, mid-on is now in the deep;
24.2;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run Chandi charges down the track and drills it off the inside half to mid-on. He wants to break free;
24.1;1;Hazlewood to Mendis, 1 run short and close to of stump, chopped down to third man;
23.6;1;Head to Mendis, 1 run Half-century for Mendis. Fourth fifty in his eighth ODI. Continues to trouble Australia. Back of a length offbreak, dabbed with the spin to square leg. Mathews is up on his feet applauding from the change room;
23.5;4;Head to Mendis, FOUR runs pushed through on off stump, Mendis goes low hunting for a sweep. Top-edges it over the square-leg fielder;
23.4;1;Head to Chandimal, 1 run slides on, hits the pad outside off. Chandi may have tickled it off an inside edge;
23.3;?;Head to Chandimal, no run tossed up slow again, Chandimal races at Head. The ball dips, creating some distance between the bat and the swinging bat. Ends up dragging an inside edge to the leg side;
23.2;1;Head to Mendis, 1 run swept from outside off to deep midwicket;
23.1;?;Head to Mendis, no run Head gives this loads of air, worked to leg;
22.6;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run fractionally short and not much room outside off, leans back and chops to point;
22.5;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run overpitched a shade outside off, tapped to extra cover;
22.4;2;Starc to Chandimal, 2 runs back of a length and on the hips, swatted away behind square on the leg side;
22.3;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run good length and angling away outside off. Chandi who is standing on leg stump follows the ball and watches it beat the outside edge;
22.2;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run back of a length and angling away outside off from over the wicket, this does not bounce at all. Slides under the slashing bat;
22.1;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run back of a length and outside off, punchily played to cover;
21.6;1;Head to Chandimal, 1 run Chandi goes low and shuffles outside off to take this one on the full. Smartly swept to deep midwicket;
21.5;?;Head to Chandimal, no run straighter ball on off, bends forward and nudges it to midwicket;
21.4;?;Head to Chandimal, no run dangles this wide outside off and finds some turn, does not threaten off. Left alone;
21.3;?;Head to Chandimal, no run goes low and misses the sweep, hits the pad outside the line of off;
21.2;1;Head to Mendis, 1 run tossed up high, punched down the ground. Smoothly done;
21.1;?;Head to Mendis, no run length-ball offbreak, swept to square leg, the fielder dives to his left and stops the ball;
20.6;2;Starc to Chandimal, 2 runs 141.6ks, overpitched and outside off, Chandi leans into a pretty drive. Extra cover dives to his left and takes some pace off it. Only two;
20.5;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run good length on off, Mendis wants a tip-and-run single. Chandi doesn't. There is a mix-up in the middle. Warner swoops down on the ball from backward point but can't splatter the stumps at the non-striker's end. Misses the chance. He could have caught Mendis short by a looooong way;
20.4;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run full and bang on of stump, presses forward and creams a drive straight to mid-off;
20.3;2;Starc to Chandimal, 2 runs too full and angled in from wide of the crease, delightfully whipped away through backward square leg. Not as stylish as Dhananjaya, though;
20.2;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run length and outside off, Chandi throws his hands at this outside off. Looks to drive and ends up toe-ending it to mid-off;
20.1;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run nails a yorker on off from wide of the crease, 140ks, squeezed back to the bowler;
19.6;?;Faulkner to Mendis, no run length ball cutter, leaves the right-hander outside off. He feebly hangs his bat out outside off and is lavishly beaten.;
19.5;?;Faulkner to Mendis, no run deflected off the thigh to short fine leg;
19.4;1;Faulkner to Chandimal, 1 run full and too straight, Chandi whips a single through square leg;
19.3;2;Faulkner to Chandimal, 2 runs good length cutter moves away outside off, after gripping in the surface, Chandi waits for it and nurdles it fine of third man for a couple. Smart batting and running to boot;
19.2;?;Faulkner to Chandimal, no run length and angling away outside off, patted to point;
19.1;1;Faulkner to Mendis, 1 run full and outside off, opens the face, drives, and finds the gap at extra cover;
18.6;1;Zampa to Mendis, 1 run flatter on leg stump, firmly swept away now through backward square leg;
18.5;?;Zampa to Mendis, no run straight delivery, played back to the bowler;
18.4;2;Zampa to Mendis, 2 runs tossed up, full on middle, goes for the slog-sweep and miscues it in the air. Midwicket runs back, the man in the deep rushes in, mid-on moves to his right. But the ball eludes all three. Mendis living dangerously;
18.3;?;Zampa to Mendis, no run might have been a googly, Mendis prods from the crease and inside-edges it past the leg stump;
18.2;?;Zampa to Mendis, no run full and outside off, punched to extra cover;
18.1;1;Zampa to Chandimal, 1 run shorter and outside off, square-cut away for one;
17.6;4;Faulkner to Mendis, FOUR runs full on leg stump, Mendis attempts another pick-up shot. Lofts the ball over from midwicket. Head chases the ball manfully but only comes second in the race. He couldn't flick the ball back into the field of play;
17.5;?;Faulkner to Mendis, no run looks like another slower ball, poked down the ground;
17.4;?;Faulkner to Mendis, no run front of the hand cutter outside off, grips in the surface, and leaves Mendis. Beaten past the outside edge;
17.3;?;Faulkner to Mendis, no run length and outside off, eased to point;
17.2;?;Faulkner to Mendis, no run dies a couple of centimetres in front of Bailey at short extra cover. Faulkner has his hands on his head. Faulkner sucks pace off this outside off, Mendis searches for a leg-side flick, plays early. The front edge does not carry despite Bailey throwing himself in front;
17.1;?;Faulkner to Mendis, no run length ball on off, Mendis presses forward and bunts it down towards mid-off;
16.6;?;Zampa to Chandimal, no run slides on middle and leg, Chandi stands tall and forces it to midwicket;
16.5;1;Zampa to Mendis, 1 run looped up and outside off, stopped at Mendis. Check-pushed down to long-off;
16.4;2;Zampa to Mendis, 2 runs Zampa errs short and outside off, Mendis crouches and pulls over midwicket. Finch into the fray again;
16.3;?;Zampa to Mendis, no run flatter and quicker legbreak, Mendis jabs and keeps it out off an inside edge;
16.2;?;Zampa to Mendis, no run slides on with the arm on off, tapped towards point now;
16.1;?;Zampa to Mendis, no run lobs this up on off and gets a hint of turn, dabbed with soft hands to cover on the front foot;
15.6;1;Faulkner to Mendis, 1 run slower one again, full on middle and leg, driven down to long-on;
15.5;1;Faulkner to Chandimal, 1 run shorter and outside off, cut away for one;
15.4;?;Faulkner to Chandimal, no run this explodes from a length and surprises Chandi. Was that the back of the hand slower ball? No he rolls his fingers across it. From the front of the hand. Pitches on middle and kicks at Chandi. Pings the glove and rolls to leg;
15.3;1;Faulkner to Mendis, 1 run looks like a cutter from Faulkner, slices an outside edge through cover;
15.2;?;Faulkner to Mendis, no run back of a length and cuts away outside off, beats the outside edge;
15.1;?;Faulkner to Mendis, no run back of a length at off stump, pushed out towards point;
14.6;?;Zampa to Chandimal, no run flighted legbreak just a shade outside off, Chandimal steps forward and smothers it to cover;
14.5;?;Zampa to Chandimal, no run lobbed up outside off, straight ball, tapped to the covers again;
14.4;?;Zampa to Chandimal, no run drags this legbreak short and outside off, on the back foot, punching to extra cover;
14.3;?;Zampa to Chandimal, no run dabbed to extra cover;
14.2;1;Zampa to Mendis, 1 run tossed up, pushed down the ground;
14.1;2;Zampa to Mendis, 2 runs flatter on middle and leg, straight ball, sweeps it away behind square leg. Finch runs to his right and swats the ball into the field of play with a slide, even as he touched the ad boards;
13.6;?;Henriques to Chandimal, no run back of a length and outside off, pushed to cover as Bailey swoops down on the ball and ensure that's a dot;
13.5;1;Henriques to Mendis, 1 run banged in short on middle, does not climb much. The batsman rises and pats it down like a master does his gambolling puppy;
13.4;1;Henriques to Chandimal, 1 run short on middle, rides the bounce, and helps it through backward square leg;
13.3;1;Henriques to Mendis, 1 run short and outside off, dabbed away past backward point;
13.2;?;Henriques to Mendis, no run back of a length on middle, punched out to midwicket;
13.1;1;Henriques to Chandimal, 1 run shortish on middle and leg, clipped away through backward square leg;
12.6;?;Zampa to Mendis, no run an appeal for lbw, umpire Martinesz does not budge. Smith chats with Zampa and calls for a review. Pushed through on leg stump, pitches in line, no turn, beats the inside edge. Mendis plays across the line, against this straight delivery, and misses. Was that heading down leg? Hitting the outside of the leg stump. Umpire's call on review, and Australia's review amounts to nothing;
12.5;2;Zampa to Mendis, 2 runs slides on middle and leg, Mendis unleashes a slog-sweep, but Finch at deep midwicket hunts it down;
12.4;1;Zampa to Chandimal, 1 run full and outside off, pushed down to long-off;
12.3;2;Zampa to Chandimal, 2 runs another short quick legbreak outside off, the batsman cuts perilously close to first slip off a thick outside edge. Smith dives to his right and only finger-tips it away to third man;
12.2;1;Zampa to Mendis, 1 run short legbreak outside off, ample time to skip back and cut through the covers;
12.1;?;Zampa to Mendis, no run tossed full on middle, defended back to the bowler;
11.6;?;Henriques to Chandimal, no run lobs a full toss on off, Chandimal could have latched onto it. Instead, he simply taps it to extra-cover;
11.5;1;Henriques to Mendis, 1 run full and on the stumps, forward and pushed down the ground. Mid-off runs to his right and throws himself on the ground to cut that off;
11.4;?;Henriques to Mendis, no run short and some with outside off, rocks back and cuts firmly to Smith at point;
11.3;1;Henriques to Chandimal, 1 run Henriques slips in a cutter outside off, finds extra bounce from the parched surface. Chandimal hops, gets on top of it, and runs it down to third man;
11.2;?;Henriques to Chandimal, no run full at of stump, played back to the bowler;
11.1;W;Henriques to Dilshan, OUT The Dilscoop goes awry for Dilshan. Not a happy return for the old pro. Henriques finds some extra bounce outside off, which foils Dilshan's shot. And the ball isn't coming on here. He top-edges it, hit the helmet, and ballooned in the air. Smith runs in from point and settles under the catch;Tillakaratne Dilshan c Smith b Henriques 22 (52m 27b 2x4 0x6) SR: 81.48;
10.6;1;Zampa to Dilshan, 1 run Zampa lobs a full toss on middle, Dilshan punches it down the ground for one;
10.5;?;Zampa to Dilshan, no run Zampa whirls down a slider now, Dilshan jabs and is beaten past the outside edge. Wade whips the bails off. TV umpire called in. Dilshan's back foot never left the ground. Easy call for umpire Gough;
10.4;1;Zampa to Mendis, 1 run slower through the air on off, Mendis allows the ball to come to him and deflects it to short fine leg;
10.3;?;Zampa to Mendis, no run Zampa goes short but does not give much width, chopped off the back foot to cover;
10.2;?;Zampa to Mendis, no run looped up and comes in, googly? Mendis pokes an inside edge onto the pad;
10.1;?;Zampa to Mendis, no run slides on short and wide outside off, goes back and cuts it to point, where Bailey makes a tumbling save;
9.6;1;Henriques to Mendis, 1 run pitched up on the stumps, tip and run single to mid-on;
9.5;?;Henriques to Mendis, no run very full on off, crisply driven down to mid-on;
9.4;1;Henriques to Dilshan, 1 run veering into the pads, diverted off the pads behind square on the leg side;
9.3;?;Henriques to Dilshan, no run;
9.2;2;Henriques to Dilshan, 2 runs full on middle and leg, clipped through backward square leg. Dilshan, who is three months away from turning 40, comes back for the second;
9.1;?;Henriques to Dilshan, no run flashed away to cover;
8.6;?;Faulkner to Mendis, no run turned to the leg side;
8.5;1;Faulkner to Dilshan, 1 run low full toss, tapped away for one;
8.4;1;Faulkner to Mendis, 1 run full and outside off, slower ball at 111ks, pushed to extra cover;
8.3;4;Faulkner to Mendis, FOUR runs Dropped by Finch, he has lost it under the sun. Joy for the Sri Lanka fans in the stands. It's a sell-out crowd, mind you. Full on middle and leg, 111ks slower one, Mendis goes low and picks it up in the air. The ball did not come on and the batsman couldn't keep the sweep down. Finch, with the sun squinting into eyes, can't hang onto the overhead catch. His head looks away, and in the turn, the eyes, as he parries the ball away to the square leg boundary. Finch wouldn't want to look at the replays;
8.2;1;Faulkner to Dilshan, 1 run very full and aiming for the middle stump, Dilshan's whip to mid-on intervenes;
8.1;?;Faulkner to Dilshan, no run looks like a full cutter on off stump, Dilshan pushes early as an inside edge rolls back to Faulkner;
7.6;3;Henriques to Dilshan, 3 runs Henriques' line is wonky, with fine leg inside the circle. Picked off the thigh through backward square leg. Easily done;
7.5;1;Henriques to Mendis, 1 run back of a length and outside off, cut to deep backward point;
7.4;1;Henriques to Dilshan, 1 run length ball angled in, flicked towards midwicket;
7.3;1;Henriques to Mendis, 1 run Henriques pulls his length back and gives width, square-cut away behind point for one;
7.2;4;Henriques to Mendis, FOUR runs that's simply regal! Pitched up on off stump, Mendis moves forward and loft-punches it over mid-on. Clean. One-bounce four;
7.1;?;Henriques to Mendis, no run bangs a short ball outside off, climbs to the keeper. Mendis locked his eyes on it before dropping his gloves. Umpire Dar suggests one for the over;
6.6;1;Faulkner to Mendis, 1 run Mendis steps out to meet this one early. Back of a length on middle, tucked square on the leg side to break what could have been a maiden;
6.5;?;Faulkner to Mendis, no run fuller and outside off, dabbed to short extra cover;
6.4;?;Faulkner to Mendis, no run Mendis aims for a leg-side flick. Faulkner rolls his fingers across this wily slower ball, 124ks, and earns a leading edge. But it does not carry to lone slip;
6.3;?;Faulkner to Mendis, no run pitched up at off stump, Mendis presses forward and drives it to extra cover;
6.2;?;Faulkner to Mendis, no run wide half-volley, slapped to Bailey with the floppy hat at point;
6.1;?;Faulkner to Mendis, no run full on middle, no lateral shape, pushed back to the bowler;
5.6;1;Hazlewood to Mendis, 1 run full and straight, easily worked through the square-leg region;
5.5;2;Hazlewood to Mendis, 2 runs back of a length and rises outside off, Mendis rises with it, and rides it past lone slip. Faulkner slides to his left from third man, cutting it off to two;
5.4;?;Hazlewood to Mendis, no run banged in short and angled in at off stump, fended to leg;
5.3;1;Hazlewood to Dilshan, 1 run good-length ball angled in, picked away through vacant midwicket;
5.2;?;Hazlewood to Dilshan, no run length and outside off, that did not bounce at all. Dilshan stooped low and poked it out to cover;
5.1;?;Hazlewood to Dilshan, no run length ball, goes straight on off stump, Dilshan drives with hard hands. Played back to the bowler;
4.6;?;Starc to Mendis, no run Starc now ventures full on the stumps, Mendis sits back, probably expecting more chin music. Camps back and taps it to cover;
4.5;?;Starc to Mendis, no run leaps off the surface on its way to Wade. Bangs a bouncer outside off, Mendis attempts an air-borne cut and only connects with a whole lot of thin air;
4.4;?;Starc to Mendis, no run back of a length and angling away outside off, Mendis gets on top of it, punching to point;
4.3;1;Starc to Dilshan, 1 run Starc throws it full and wide outside off, Dilshan sinks his teeth into it. Slashed down to third man;
4.2;1;Starc to Mendis, 1 run rapped on the glove is Mendis! Climbs from a length on the leg stump, awkwardly fended away to leg. Beaten by pace as well as bounce;
4.1;?;Starc to Mendis, no run good length and angling away in the channel outside off, 141ks, Mendis ignores it;

Starc examines his landing area. He doesn't look happy
 Innings Start
10.30 pm That's a wrap, hope you enjoyed having a little bit of cricket come at you when rain has ravaged the game for the last couple of days. The next ODI of the series is on Wednesday, hope to see you then too.
"Nice to be on this side of the result, proud of the way the boys fought back," says Smith, "Perhaps, I thought there'd be a bit more dew, The wicket broke up, wasn't the easiest one-day wicket to bat on. I thought the bowlers did a good job to restrict them to 227, they took the pace off, put them in the right areas and made it difficult. Couple of good partnerships got the job done. The guys had some good plans, sweeping , coming down the pitch, and going deep in the crease. Nice that the guys were able to execute"
"I think the wicket played as it was right throughout, it only got worse. We were 20-30 runs short. It was not the easiest wicket to bat on, Chandimal and Mendis did really well, but we were short. It was spinning quite a bit, Dilruwan and Milinda didn't bowl that well, Sandakan didn't bowl that well and hopefully they come back hard. We don';t need to panic, just do the basics right, improve with bat ball and field," Mathews says, "Chandimal got hit on his ribs, hopefully he is okay" Chandimal went for an X-ray says Russell Arnold for Ten Sports.
10.25 pm James Faulkner is Man of the Match "First time in Sri Lanka, it was a tough wicket to bat on and the top order set us up for the chase. Conditions dictate that, lots of change of pace and protecting one side of the ground. We fielded well, we even took a wicket off the first over. Always nerves at the end, it was a great chase."
10.13 pm The touring Australian fans are happy, they've even got the traditional Faulkner-out-there-at-the-end-for-the-win template. But the bulk of the work was done by the opener Aaron Finch, who wasn't here for the Tests, blazing away at the start, knowing getting runs off the quicks and against the new ball would be vital on a pitch where hitting through the line was rife with danger. Smith had to combat that in the middle order, and he buckled down to play one of his best innings so far. It may only have been 58 runs, but after that abysmal Test series, and plenty of spinners and enough rippers beating the outside edge to revive memories of that, this was an innings Australia needed from their captain. He had confessed to feeling angry at his dismissals to Rangana Herath and here he batted like he was loathe to give up his wicket. It was too close for comfort for him, having been sent back into the dressing room with 30 needed. Australia contrived to lose three wickets and were seven down by the time they got those precious winning runs.
Nikhil Mane: "This is Australia's highest successful run-chase in Sri Lanka in ODIs!" Brave call then from Smith to choose to field at the toss, the pitch was dry, it was always bound to turn. Australia did extremely well in the middle overs to curtail Sri Lanka even with the set half-centurious Chandimal and Mendis at the crease
Agape: "Shouldn't it be possible to work out exactly how many times Faulkner has been at the crease when the winning runs were struck? It seems kind of uncanny..." A few things are better with a little mystery in them. His bigger contribution, of course, was with the four wickets he took. Coming into the tour and assessing conditions quickly, bowling those cutters near-perfectly
46.5;1;Dilshan to Starc, 1 run Australia win. It's short and a shade outside off, punched through the covers - punches the air as he runs as well - and signs the match off. Winnings runs, and becoming the fastest to 100 ODI wickets in the same game. Starc, you beauty.;
46.4;?;Dilshan to Starc, no run driven to short cover again as a quicker, fuller one comes at him on leg stump;
46.3;?;Dilshan to Starc, no run goes back to a flatter ball and pushes to short cover;
46.2;?;Dilshan to Starc, no run goes for the big old slog sweep, and is beaten by the turn;
46.1;2;Dilshan to Starc, 2 runs outside edge, squirts away to the sweeper cover and scores are level;
45.6;1;Perera to Starc, 1 run nicely tossed up on off stump, Starc drives it to long-off again, short cover didn't put in the dive;
45.5;1;Perera to Faulkner, 1 run quick, full, right on middle and off, Faulkner comes forward tentatively and gets an inside edge past short leg. Streaky, but effective;
45.4;1;Perera to Starc, 1 run a little too full and Starc drives fluently to long-off;
45.3;W;Perera to Head, OUT Kusal is certain he's stumped Head! And it appears his back foot is in the air even as he tried to push back to safety! Beautiful bowling from Dilruwan, tossed it up just outside off, tempted the batsman forward to defend with hard, searching hands. Just delight for an offspinner to get a man out like that, not to mention the rapid work from the keeper. Kusal is doing a rip-roaring job;Travis Head st ?MDKJ Perera b MDK Perera 10 (23m 17b 1x4 0x6) SR: 58.82;
45.2;?;Perera to Head, no run huge chance for a run-out but Dilruwan doesn't pick up the ball! Head was trying to flick, gets struck on the pad and wants to hide in the other end. Had come halfway down, with the non-striker did not move at all, he didn't want anything to do with it;
45.1;?;Perera to Head, no run attempts a cut off a good length ball pitching on off stump and leaping away to the keeper's gloves;
44.6;1;Dilshan to Head, 1 run comes on with the arm, but Head plays it well enough, backing away and cutting from the stumps;
44.5;?;Dilshan to Head, no run short and wide, slapped to short cover;
44.4;?;Dilshan to Head, no run shortish on off stump, defended;
44.3;1;Dilshan to Faulkner, 1 run shortish, which makes matters easy for a nervous batsman, can play from the crease, wait for the offbreak and play with it to deep square leg;
44.3;1w;Dilshan to Faulkner, 1 wide tossed up, a little quick on leg stump, Faulkner goes for the sweep and it just misses leg stump. Wide called with the batsman having swept from outside off;
44.2;2;Dilshan to Faulkner, 2 runs goes for a sweep despite the length behind short, and he was into the shot so early that the ball lobbed off the back of the bat and away over the wicketkeeper;
44.1;?;Dilshan to Faulkner, no run he's worth his weight in tons of runs, Gunathilaka! Gets struck on the bare forearm with Faulkner playing a full-blooded pull;
43.6;1;Perera to Faulkner, 1 run oooh, that's tight. Faulkner goes back, his feet betraying his nerves, and does well to gently pat the ball behind square leg and away from the fielder under the helmet. Sri Lanka needed a few more close-in fielders in that over;
43.5;?;Perera to Faulkner, no run tentative forward defence from Faulkner as Perera loops the ball up outside off;
43.4;?;Perera to Faulkner, no run tossed up on off, Faulkner nudges it to short midwicket;
43.3;W;Perera to Bailey, OUT he's helped a short ball, down leg, down the throat of long leg! Bailey walks off looking shell-shocked. He could have had his pick of the ground - and this is a seriously large one - to belt the ball away, instead he gets a top edge and Sandakan takes an easy catch;George Bailey c Sandakan b Perera 39 (76m 54b 3x4 0x6) SR: 72.22;
43.2;1;Perera to Head, 1 run hangs back, and when the really full ball pitches and turns sharply, he is caught in no-man's land. Hurries into a defensive push, with an open face, and gets an outside edge;
43.1;1;Perera to Bailey, 1 run indulges in a reverse sweep, when the line of the ball was a little too close to middle stump. Had he missed it, he might just have been lbw;
42.6;?;Sandakan to Head, no run picks the googly, waits on the back foot and pulls to mid-on;
42.5;?;Sandakan to Head, no run wide and full, Head was looking to drive through cover and gets an inside edge;
42.4;4;Sandakan to Head, FOUR runs that's short, the wrist spinner, especially a young one, might have to stomach through a few of those. But Sandakan would have preferred one of those hadn't popped out at this time. Head was quite happy though, jumping back and pulling it away through midwicket;
42.3;1;Sandakan to Bailey, 1 run;
42.2;1;Sandakan to Head, 1 run a little short and outside off, cuts it away to the man in the deep;
42.1;?;Sandakan to Head, no run goes for a big drive, but the ball dips on him and the outside edge wanders to backward point;
41.6;?;Perera to Bailey, no run goes back to a length ball and blocks it with hard hands;
41.5;1;Perera to Head, 1 run flighted on leg stump, driven to long-off;
41.4;?;Perera to Head, no run goes back, looking to play off the pitch, and defends. Risky that when the length is so full on off stump;
41.3;?;Perera to Head, no run defends a good length ball down the pitch;
41.2;1;Perera to Bailey, 1 run almost another super snap Gunathilaka at short leg! Bailey went back to flick, and nailed the shot. That's the only thing that saved him as the ball hits the fielder's shoulder and goes away;
41.1;1;Perera to Head, 1 run stays back and slaps a flatter delivery through to deep point;
40.6;?;Sandakan to Bailey, no run massive turn again as a good length ball pitches outside off and turns right across the right-hander and into the keeper's gloves down the leg side. Bailey wants to know why that wasn't a wide, umpire Dar says it pitched outside off;
40.5;2;Sandakan to Bailey, 2 runs that's a googly, George! You don't need any room when it's pitched outside off and destined to spin away. Just about reaches it with the bottom of his bat and the cut shot gets him a couple;
40.4;?;Sandakan to Bailey, no run tossed up outside off, driven through the covers;
40.3;?;Sandakan to Bailey, no run big turn! Sandakan lobs it up a set of stumps outside off, and since it is on a length, Bailey is fooled into going back to cut. Gets the biggest shock of his life when it hurtles back into him;
40.2;1;Sandakan to Head, 1 run has he picked the googly? It seemed like it, since he went back and committed to the flick when the line of the ball - had it been an orthodox delivery - demanded a cover drive;
40.1;W;Sandakan to Henriques, OUT pops it straight to short leg! Do Sri Lanka have a chance here? Henriques went back to flick the ball - a shortish one - and he directs it to the fielder under the helmet more for an inside edge off the pad, but Gunathilaka keeps plucking catches off shots hit off the middle;Moises Henriques c sub (MD Gunathilaka) b Sandakan 6 (12m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 85.71;
39.6;?;Perera to Bailey, no run flighted outside off - a much better length. It has Bailey prodding forward and the defensive shot results in an inside edge, not enough deliveries in that area;
39.5;2;Perera to Bailey, 2 runs great effort from Dilruwan, diving to his right, full-length, but the drive to long-on evades him and Bailey and Henriques have stolen two;
39.4;?;Perera to Bailey, no run moves around the stumps now for a flatter ball on off stump, defended;
39.3;1;Perera to Henriques, 1 run tucked away towards deep square leg off the back foot;
39.2;1;Perera to Bailey, 1 run lovely sweep - first the big front stride, then the bat coming down on top of the ball and the wrists rolling over the ball to send it to deep square leg;
39.2;1w;Perera to Bailey, 1 wide poor line form Dilruwan, pitching on middle stump when the ball is spinning big. Great take from Kusal again;
39.1;1;Perera to Henriques, 1 run top edge, but fine leg is on the boundary. Premeditates a sweep and ends up mistiming a short ball;
38.6;1;Angelo Mathews to Henriques, 1 run walks across towards a good length ball on off stump and gets an inside edge as he tries to defend. Even the fast bowlers, if they're willing to roll their fingers over the ball, are causing problems to the new batsman. These 32 runs may be the toughest Australia score on this tour, especially considering how badly they want them;
38.5;1;Angelo Mathews to Bailey, 1 run back of a length on leg stump, flicked away behind square;
38.4;1;Angelo Mathews to Henriques, 1 run shortish and outside off, slices to deep third man;
38.3;?;Angelo Mathews to Henriques, no run mistakes the offcutter as a run-scoring opportunity and the cover drive nearly lobs back to Mathews;
38.2;1;Angelo Mathews to Bailey, 1 run back of a length and outside off, cut to deep third man;
38.1;?;Angelo Mathews to Bailey, no run back of a length and outside off, tapped to point;
37.6;2;Perera to Henriques, 2 runs shuffles back and with the ball on leg stump, he gets the easy option to flick it away and get two runs so he won't be on strike in the next over;
37.5;W;Perera to Smith, OUT superb work at short leg! That was hit off the middle, more so off the middle after Smith had run down the track. Danushka Gunathilaka, the sub, reached to his left, popped the ball up and took it on the rebound all cool-like. Top innings from Smith, but he screams to the heavens for falling so close to the end of the chase.;Steven Smith c sub (MD Gunathilaka) b MDK Perera 58 (124m 92b 5x4 0x6) SR: 63.04;
37.4;1;Perera to Bailey, 1 run goes for the reverse sweep, taking the ball from leg stump;
37.3;1;Perera to Smith, 1 run;
37.2;4;Perera to Smith, FOUR runs oooh, the square leg umpire was in the line of fire. Does half a split to evade the ball, which then skips along on its merry way to the square leg boundary. Clumsy Sandakan stares after it, heartbroken;
37.1;1;Perera to Bailey, 1 run starts off with a short delivery on off stump, drilled to long-on;
36.6;?;Angelo Mathews to Smith, no run back of a length and outside off, punched towards cover;
36.5;1;Angelo Mathews to Bailey, 1 run fuller ball driven sweetly to the sweeper cover;
36.4;1;Angelo Mathews to Smith, 1 run shortish and outside off, cut to deep third man;
36.3;1;Angelo Mathews to Bailey, 1 run jumps back to flick a shortish delivery through midwicket.;
36.2;?;Angelo Mathews to Bailey, no run gets up off his toes to slice a shortish delivery towards point;
36.1;?;Angelo Mathews to Bailey, no run slaps a full and wide one at cover;
35.6;?;Perera to Smith, no run back of a length on off stump, defended;
35.5;2;Perera to Smith, 2 runs worked away into the leg side, they want two and they get it. Smith is a master at dragging balls from outside off to the leg side, whether they kick, scream or just plain scowl at him;
35.4;1;Perera to Bailey, 1 run shortish delivery on off stump, Bailey chops it to third man;
35.3;?;Perera to Bailey, no run back of a length and outside off, defended;
35.2;1;Perera to Smith, 1 run fuller ball outside off, driven to mid-off and that single brings up Smith's fifty. An innings of great importance for his team. It's been his presence that has stopped Sri Lanka from getting on the roll they've showed they could do in the Tests;
35.1;?;Perera to Smith, no run goes back and slices the ball towards point;
34.6;?;Aponso to Bailey, no run flighted on middle and off, defended;
34.5;1;Aponso to Smith, 1 run takes the ball from outside off and the whiplash of his wrists are powerful enough to send it to deep square leg. Can't bowl that short on this pitch;
34.5;1w;Aponso to Smith, 1 wide pushed through down leg;
34.4;1;Aponso to Bailey, 1 run the bowler tried to stop it, first by bowling at the pads of Bailey who is batting on leg stump to open up the off side, and then moving to his left. But the drive beats him;
34.3;?;Aponso to Bailey, no run moves inside the line and drives to short cover;
34.2;?;Aponso to Bailey, no run bunts a shortish delivery on middle back down the pitch, Aponso fielders it with a dive to his right;
34.1;?;Aponso to Bailey, no run tossed up on leg stump, pushed back;
33.6;1;Perera to Bailey, 1 run fuller ball outside off, driven to mid-off;
33.5;?;Perera to Bailey, no run good length ball outside off, defended to point;
33.4;3;Perera to Smith, 3 runs that's gorgeous from Smith! The ball is coming down on a straight line - Thisara should really bowl those cutters - so the batsman moves across and whips it away off his thighs past short fine leg. With that man up inside the circle, he had plenty of runs for the taking;
33.3;?;Perera to Smith, no run comes in line with a short of a good length ball and meets it with a firm and straight bat;
33.2;1;Perera to Bailey, 1 run back of a length and outside off, steered past Dilshan at point. For once he comes up short. Sign of Sri Lanka slouching a bit?;
33.1;?;Perera to Bailey, no run good length ball outside off, driven into the covers;
32.6;?;Aponso to Smith, no run looped up on off stump, Smith defends inside the line expecting no turn, but there is some. Gets an outside edge past slip. Smith gestures for a change of gloves.;
32.5;?;Aponso to Smith, no run tossed up on middle, defended;
32.4;?;Aponso to Smith, no run rambunctious appeal for a catch at silly point. Smith had charged out, Aponso had pulled his length back and the slider hits the front pad, grazes the back pad, doesn't go anywhere near the bat and goes to the man under the lid;
32.3;?;Aponso to Smith, no run goes back on middle, pushed down the pitch;
32.2;1;Aponso to Bailey, 1 run stays back and has all the time he needs to handle the flatter delivery outside off. On a slow pitch, that's the length the batsman wants the spinner to bowl. Pushed through point;
32.1;?;Aponso to Bailey, no run good length on off stump, defended;
31.6;?;Siriwardana to Smith, no run how do you play that?! Smith, having attempted to go back and defend a turning, bouncing, spitting-poison, twisting-the-world-on-its-head delivery, is beaten and walks down the pitch with a helpless smile;
31.5;4;Siriwardana to Smith, FOUR runs delicious, says Smith as he picks the bones off a juicy old long hop! Leaps back and whip-pulls over midwicket;
31.4;?;Siriwardana to Smith, no run tossed up on middle and off, defended;
31.3;1;Siriwardana to Bailey, 1 run another short one, Bailey pats it through to the sweeper;
31.2;4;Siriwardana to Bailey, FOUR runs batting outside leg, which comes in handy when the bowler pitches short. Almighty pull through straight midwicket. Bailey's been iffy, but he has got the bad ball away;
31.1;?;Siriwardana to Bailey, no run pushed through on middle and leg, defended towards short cover;
30.6;?;Aponso to Smith, no run that's a ripper! Slows it down so beautifully, does so by giving the ball a massive amount of loop. Even Smith is sucked into pushing at it. And is soundly beaten by turn and bounce;
30.5;?;Aponso to Smith, no run moves to his left and saves a single as Smith drives down the ground;
30.4;?;Aponso to Smith, no run leans forward and defends;
30.3;?;Aponso to Smith, no run tossed up on middle, defended with a straight bat on middle;
30.2;?;Aponso to Smith, no run stays back to block having read the ball off the pitch. Aponso's ability to slide the ball through on this pitch should be useful He almost bowls with the seam perpendicular to the pitch, so the ball always hits the leather and goes on;
30.1;?;Aponso to Smith, no run good length ball going on with the arm, Smith blocks it down the pitch;
29.6;?;Siriwardana to Bailey, no run that's almost too good, the ball is tossed up and angled in on off stump, Bailey plays a drive on the up and the ball cha-chas past the outside edge;
29.5;?;Siriwardana to Bailey, no run not entirely short for the cut, and the misjudgment of length doesn't cause Bailey too much harm. Lobs over his outside edge, and the stumps as well;
29.4;1;Siriwardana to Smith, 1 run leans into the drive and hits it with the turn, along the ground to deep cover. Purpose from Smith.;
29.3;?;Siriwardana to Smith, no run a flatter ball outside off, Smith goes back to cut and misses;
29.2;?;Siriwardana to Smith, no run a little turn, just enough to take Smith's outside edge. But the clever bit about that ball was making Smith reach out to drive;
29.1;1;Siriwardana to Bailey, 1 run tossed up on and around off stump, Bailey batting on leg stump has the room the drive through extra;
28.6;4;Sandakan to Smith, FOUR runs mid-off was up, Smith ran down the pitch and belts it over his head! Excellent batting from the captain, it seems to me he is trying to push Australia as close to the target as quick as possible. He knows this pitch, and this bowling, eats new batsman up for breakfast and burps them to smithereens;
28.5;?;Sandakan to Smith, no run tossed up just outside off, Smith lunges forward but can't quite get to the pitch. Inside edge onto pad, short leg lurking;
28.4;1;Sandakan to Bailey, 1 run gets the sweep out, appears to be a good option in Khettarama;
28.3;?;Sandakan to Bailey, no run backs away, and the turn on the ball takes the ball too far from him. Bottom edges the cut to point;
28.2;1;Sandakan to Smith, 1 run lovely batting, waited for the ball to come at him, doesn't take any decision to play until he has to and dabs the ball past short leg;
28.1;3;Sandakan to Bailey, 3 runs premeditates a reverse sweep and is helped out by the ball being quite slow, and so tossed up that he can reach it almost on the full. Three to third man, excellent running from Smith, he senses Bailey is being troubled, he wants to take more of the strike;
27.6;1;Siriwardana to Bailey, 1 run a little too full so Bailey doesn't have to worry about turn, he just drives through the line of the ball to long-off;
27.5;4;Siriwardana to Bailey, FOUR runs that's much better. That's how you impose yourself. Pick the length early - its short - jump back in the crease and throw your weight behind the shot. Creamed through cover;
27.4;4;Siriwardana to Bailey, FOUR runs misfield on the point boundary and the panic stricken Bailey gets away with a reverse sweep. Terrible work by de Silva, diving past the ball;
27.3;1;Siriwardana to Smith, 1 run drives down to long-off as Dilshan mimes putting the ball where the sweep results in a top edge;
27.2;?;Siriwardana to Smith, no run reaches the pitch and tries to force the ball past the bowler, but Siri, along with two over fielders deny him a single. Dilshan, all of 39 years old, looks lightning on the field at short cover;
27.1;?;Siriwardana to Smith, no run flighted on middle and leg, Smith defends with bat in front of pad. Soft hands, Smithy;
26.6;1;Sandakan to Smith, 1 run lunges as far forward as he could to reach the ball and brutishly sweep it away to long leg;
26.5;1;Sandakan to Bailey, 1 run uppish, but he gets off the mark! It's a slightly shortish delivery, Bailey went back to flick it away, thinking he had it easy. But the ball holds in the pitch and reaches the batsman who had almost completed his stroke. Short midwicket was there, but the ball goes to his left;
26.5;1w;Sandakan to Bailey, 1 wide pitches on middle and then turns further down leg, Bailey attempts a flick but he may as well have left the ball considering how far the ball turned. Great work from keeper Perera;
26.4;?;Sandakan to Bailey, no run his guard is on middle stump now, and Sandakan draws him forward to defend with the flight. But then the ball dips and turns wildly past the inside edge.;
26.3;?;Sandakan to Bailey, no run goes back and since the length is short he is able to read the variation - the one that goes straight - off the pitch and punch to cover;
26.2;1;Sandakan to Smith, 1 run comes down the track to take the ball on the full and drives to long-on;
26.1;4;Sandakan to Smith, FOUR runs good shot, the sweep has worked for the Australians, and the captain uses it well, his wrists rolling over the ball to find the gap at long leg;
25.6;?;Siriwardana to Bailey, no run loads up a reverse sweep, and has to reach for a ball on sixth stump because of his stance outside leg. Mathews at slip does extremely well diving to his right;
25.5;?;Siriwardana to Bailey, no run fired in on middle and leg, this one slides on with the arm. Bailey taking guard outside leg, defends just in time;
25.4;?;Siriwardana to Bailey, no run has him reaching outside off, with his legs stuck in some cement outside leg, could barely hope to touch the ball;
25.3;?;Siriwardana to Bailey, no run that's vicious turn! Siri tosses it up outside leg stump, the angle is steep, but it pitches and jerks away so sharply it looked good to hit leg stump. The squared up Bailey had no idea how to react to it, brings his bat down the wrong line, gets hit on the thigh and the ball lobs to slip. Sri Lanka appeal, but that's a great decision from umpire Martinesz;
25.2;1;Siriwardana to Smith, 1 run gift wraps a bit of width and Smith goes gung-ho over with with a cover drive;
25.1;?;Siriwardana to Smith, no run slow, tossed up on middle, defended;
24.6;W;Sandakan to Wade, OUT Maiden ODI wicket for Sandakan. No turn. Sandakan just throws this up outside off, Wade turns to his favourite sweep. He unfurls the slog sweep now. Middles it straight into the lap of Dilshan at short midwicket. The old fella nonchalantly plucks the catch;Matthew Wade c Dilshan b Sandakan 26 (42m 34b 0x4 0x6) SR: 76.47;
24.6;1w;Sandakan to Wade, 1 wide short and sliding down leg, googly, Wade swings and loses his shape. Wide;
24.5;2;Sandakan to Wade, 2 runs short and finds turn to the left-hander as well, pulled behind square;
24.4;1;Sandakan to Smith, 1 run another magic ball, spins back savagely into Smith, whipped with the turn to midwicket;
24.3;?;Sandakan to Smith, no run spins sharply sharply into Smith and raps the front pad, impact outside the line of off;
24.2;2;Sandakan to Smith, 2 runs flat and fired outside off, goes back and punches it handsomely through backward point;
24.1;1;Sandakan to Wade, 1 run Wade keeps sweeping, goes low and sweeps this fine on the leg side now;
23.6;1;Perera to Wade, 1 run goes low, picks it from outside off and sweeps to square leg;
23.5;?;Perera to Wade, no run full on middle, open-faced drive to cover;
23.4;?;Perera to Wade, no run flat and fired it on middle, defended;
23.3;1;Perera to Smith, 1 run length-ball offbreak, turned to midwicket;
23.3;1w;Perera to Smith, 1 wide breaking down leg, wide;
23.2;4;Perera to Smith, FOUR runs sees some flight, Smith comes down the track, meets the pitch, and smartly chips over mid-off for the first boundary since the powerplay;
23.1;?;Perera to Smith, no run tossed full and straight on off, defended back to the bowler;
22.6;1;Aponso to Smith, 1 run straight delivery on off, full in length, dabbed to the cover-point region for one;
22.5;?;Aponso to Smith, no run pitched up on middle, tapped to Dilshan at short extra cover;
22.4;?;Aponso to Smith, no run slides in with the arm, backs away and punches to cover;
22.3;1;Aponso to Wade, 1 run flighted and outside off, Wade snuggles under his safety blanket, sweeps and top-edges it wide of short fine leg;
22.2;1;Aponso to Smith, 1 run full on middle, forward and eased to long-off;
22.1;1;Aponso to Wade, 1 run Wade aims a leg-side flick and is defeated by turn. Front edge does not carry to cover;
21.6;1;Perera to Wade, 1 run hint of turn outside off, run away to cover;
21.5;2;Perera to Wade, 2 runs flatter and outside off, leans back and punches through the covers. Wade gives the thumbs-up to his captain. Good intent. Two runs;
21.4;?;Perera to Wade, no run pitches outside off and turns past the outside edge of the prodding bat;
21.3;1;Perera to Smith, 1 run back of a length on middle, whipped on the back foot to midwicket;
21.2;1;Perera to Wade, 1 run full and straight outside off, laced down to long-off - Wade's first run on the offside;
21.1;?;Perera to Wade, no run looped outside off, jumps, and turns past the outside edge., Pulled Wade forward and beat him;
20.6;?;Aponso to Smith, no run full on the stumps, pushed down the ground;
20.5;?;Aponso to Smith, no run that's beaut! Smith has a wry grin. Pitched on middle and leg, opens up Smith and eats him up for lunch. Tasty big-turning break. Whistles through to the keeper. He had to be too good to touch it;
20.4;?;Aponso to Smith, no run back of a length and turns away outside off, goes back and punches to cover;
20.3;?;Aponso to Smith, no run full and drifts in a bit, played back to the bowler;
20.2;1;Aponso to Wade, 1 run and again! Tossed outside off, swept away towards deep midwicket now;
20.1;2;Aponso to Wade, 2 runs Wade brings out another busy sweep. Fetches it from outside off, and controls it. Played to deep square leg;
19.6;1;Perera to Wade, 1 run turned around the corner;
19.5;1;Perera to Smith, 1 run pushed down the ground;
19.4;?;Perera to Smith, no run Mathews drops the outside edge at slip. It wasn't easy, however. Dilruwan saw Smith coming at him. Held it back outside off. Smith wasn't to the pitch and checked his shot. He pokes and edges it. The ball deflects off the right glove/right thigh of Kusal, and Mathews can't hang on;
19.3;1;Perera to Wade, 1 run flighted and spins in, Wade nicks it onto the pad;
19.2;1;Perera to Smith, 1 run picked away to midwicket;
19.1;1;Perera to Wade, 1 run length and outside off, Wade keeps sweeping, played to fine leg;
18.6;?;Aponso to Smith, no run full and drifts in slightly on middle, Smith shows off his straight bat;
18.5;1;Aponso to Wade, 1 run pushed through outside off, no turn, whipped to midwicket. Dilshan dives to his left and makes a smart stop;
18.4;1;Aponso to Smith, 1 run dropped short and outside off, Smith nos skips back, cutting away through cover;
18.3;?;Aponso to Smith, no run flighted on off, Smith has a big stride as he defends;
18.2;1;Aponso to Wade, 1 run slog swept from outside off to deep midwicket;
18.1;?;Aponso to Wade, no run tossed up on the pads, patted to midwicket;
17.6;?;Perera to Smith, no run slides on, Smith plays across the line and misses the sweep. Rapped on the front pad outside the line of off stump. Mathews wants a review for a catch. Kusal suggested that there was a nick. But replays detect no edge. Beaten on the inside is Smith. The tracker confirms that the impact was outside off. Umpire Martinesz's call is vindicated. Umpire Gough rules it in favour of Smith. SL lose their review;
17.5;1;Perera to Wade, 1 run Wade pre-meditates a sweep again, goes low, takes it from outside off and tickles it finer;
17.4;?;Perera to Wade, no run loopier at off stump, pushed to the covers;
17.3;?;Perera to Wade, no run full and skids on outside off, Wade pre-meditates a sweep and misses. He falls over;
17.2;?;Perera to Wade, no run looped up and drifts in the air, Wade, squeezes an inside edge;
17.1;?;Perera to Wade, no run back of a length and breaks away from the left-hander, jabbed to cover;
16.6;?;Aponso to Smith, no run drifts in on middle, Smith offers a straight bat in defence;
16.5;1;Aponso to Wade, 1 run full and spins into Wade, worked squarer of short fine leg again;
16.4;1;Aponso to Smith, 1 run full and straight outside off, Smith crunches a drive to sweeper cover;
16.3;1;Aponso to Wade, 1 run floated on middle, swept squarer of short fine leg;
16.2;?;Aponso to Wade, no run length ball outside off, turned to midwicket;
16.1;1;Aponso to Smith, 1 run looped up on off, down the track and whipped to long-on;
15.6;1;Perera to Smith, 1 run length ball on off, Smith brings out the sweep now, hit to deep backward square leg;
15.5;?;Perera to Smith, no run slower offbreak, defended back to the bowler;
15.4;?;Perera to Smith, no run straight delivery on middle and leg, clipped to square leg;
15.4;3w;Perera to Smith, 3 wide breaking down the leg side, Smith aims to shovel it away. He is beaten, as is Kusal;
15.3;1;Perera to Wade, 1 run floated outside off, Wade goes low for the sweep and cue-ends it through square leg;
15.2;1;Perera to Smith, 1 run slides on middle, pushed down the ground;
15.1;?;Perera to Smith, no run full and skids on outside off, Smith plays for the turn and is beaten past the outside edge;
14.6;2;Aponso to Wade, 2 runs Wade brings out the sweep again, stroked through backward square leg;
14.5;?;Aponso to Wade, no run lobbed up, Wade defends;
14.4;?;Aponso to Wade, no run leg-stump line, Wade tickles it wide of the keeper. It would be tough to call that a chance;
14.3;2;Aponso to Wade, 2 runs swept from the stumps to fine leg;
14.2;W;Aponso to Finch, OUT another appeal for caught behind. Not given. Umpire Dar's review. Mathews collected it cleanly. The on-field umpires want to check whether it was a bump ball. Certainly not. TV umpire Gough looks for the nick. There was a noise. It could have come from the bat thudding the ground. No visible deflection. No conclusive evidence, yet. Tight, tight call for Gough. He looks at various replays and rules Finch out. Nice, low take from Mathews. Finch looks disgruntled. Smith chats with the umpires. Aponso has his maiden international scalp. This pitched just outside off and spun sharply at Finch. He flung his bat down and gave an edge to slip. Hmm, not sure if there was an edge, though;Aaron Finch c Mathews b Aponso 56 (58m 46b 7x4 2x6) SR: 121.73;
14.1;?;Aponso to Finch, no run slides on off stump, defended back;
13.6;?;Siriwardana to Smith, no run looped up and spins away outside off, Smith plays with soft hands. Looks like edged it softly, does not carry to slip;
13.5;1;Siriwardana to Finch, 1 run straighter delivery, Finch plays for the turn and pokes an inside edge that rolls to square leg;
13.4;2;Siriwardana to Finch, 2 runs Thisara rushes in from deep point but the skier lands in front of him. Looped up and turns away, Smith goes for the loft and ends up slicing it in the air. Gets lucky;
13.3;1;Siriwardana to Smith, 1 run tossed up wide outside off, scythed away to deep cover;
13.2;?;Siriwardana to Smith, no run tapped to extra cover;
13.1;?;Siriwardana to Smith, no run shorter and outside off, bottom-edges the cut to the keeper;
12.6;?;Aponso to Finch, no run slides on quicker, kept out;
12.5;?;Aponso to Finch, no run pitches outside off and turns past the outside edge. Beaten;
12.4;1lb;Aponso to Smith, 1 leg bye follows the break with the skidder that pins Smith on the back foot. Rapped on the pad, but this was sliding down;
12.3;?;Aponso to Smith, no run SL go up for a caught-behind appeal. Umpire Dar shakes his head. Big-turning break. Big bounce. Pitches on a fourth-stump line and rips away past the outside edge from a full length. Savage turner ends in Mathews' hands. How did that finish in slip's hands? Oh my....;
12.2;1;Aponso to Finch, 1 run backs away and cuts through the covers for one;
12.1;1;Aponso to Smith, 1 run full on the stumps, punched down the ground;
11.6;3;Siriwardana to Smith, 3 runs short and outside off, pulled over midwicket. Mendis has a mix-up with another fielder in the deep and ends up conceding three runs;
11.5;?;Siriwardana to Smith, no run looped up outside off, wafted back to the bowler;
11.4;1;Siriwardana to Finch, 1 run played through the covers for one;
11.3;1;Siriwardana to Smith, 1 run smart stuff, tip and run single to cover;
11.2;1;Siriwardana to Finch, 1 run flighted and turns away outside off, driven in the air over extra cover. He was not in control of it;
11.1;2;Siriwardana to Finch, 2 runs Finch brings up a half-century out of Australia's 66. He reaches the landmark by sweeping this length ball on middle to deep backward square leg. Good work from Mendis in the deep;
10.6;?;Aponso to Smith, no run shorter and outside off, chopped to point;
10.5;?;Aponso to Smith, no run that's a ripper from Aponso. Saw Smith race at him. The debutant held his nerve and pulled his length back shorter. Drifts in and turns away with savage extra bounce, raps the glove, and runs past Mathews at lone slip;
10.4;?;Aponso to Smith, no run skidder from Aponso, shoots low, Smith somehow keeps it out;
10.3;?;Aponso to Smith, no run full on middle, pokey drive back to the bowler;
10.2;?;Aponso to Smith, no run tossed up slower through the air, straight ball on middle, hits the front pad in line. Mathews does not go for the review. He reckons that was slapping down leg;
10.2;2w;Aponso to Finch, 2 wide sliding down the leg side, past the flick, leg-side wide;
10.1;1;Aponso to Smith, 1 run full straight bat outside off, shovel-driven through the covers;
9.6;1;Perera to Smith, 1 run short and outside off, not all that short, Smith just shuffles across off and whips it away stylishly behind square;
9.5;?;Perera to Smith, no run back of a length and on a fifth-stump line outside off, Smith defends with soft hands to the off side;
9.4;1;Perera to Finch, 1 run 102ks slower ball outside off, Finch waits, waits, waits.... Checks his stroke and dabs it to the right of extra cover;
9.3;4;Perera to Finch, FOUR runs It does not matter that mid-off is pushed back. Finch eyes the leg side. Full and just outside off, Finch attacks it as well. Shovelling it over midwicket;
9.2;4;Perera to Finch, FOUR runs Finch looks so good when he hits through the line! Pitched up and outside off, too full for Finch. He moves forward and pings it over mid-off;
9.1;1;Perera to Smith, 1 run pitched up and outside off, no slip now, Smith outside-edges a drive to third man;
8.6;?;Angelo Mathews to Finch, no run short on off, Finch sits back and forces it to mid-off;
8.5;?;Angelo Mathews to Finch, no run pitched up on off, open-faced dab into the covers;
8.4;4;Angelo Mathews to Finch, FOUR runs Mathews goes short and outside off, Finch dismisses it from his presence. Rasping cut dispatched to the point fence. Australia sprint to 50 inside nine overs;
8.3;2;Angelo Mathews to Finch, 2 runs chopped from outside off to third man;
8.2;?;Angelo Mathews to Finch, no run length and outside off, stabbed to extra cover;
8.1;4;Angelo Mathews to Finch, FOUR runs full and no lateral shape outside off, Finch steps forward and lays into it. Pumps it over mid-off. Another one-bounce four;
7.6;?;Perera to Smith, no run length and curls away outside off past the outside edge;
7.5;?;Perera to Smith, no run short and wide outside off, Smith wants to muscle a cut. In the end he loses his shape and chops tamely to point;
7.4;?;Perera to Smith, no run similar line and length, blocked to short extra cover;
7.3;?;Perera to Smith, no run back of a length on off, Smith has a short front-foot stride as he plays it back to the bowler;
7.2;W;Perera to Warner, OUT Perera earns the outside edge, Perera catches it! Warner swipes the turf as he walks back. Nice and full on middle, seams away, looked like Warner shaped to run it down to third man. Does not get enough bat on it. Edges it behind to the keeper. That should taste su-weet for Thisara after being smashed for over 100 in his last List A outing. There was no slip, which tempted Warner;David Warner c ?MDKJ Perera b NLTC Perera 8 (29m 17b 0x4 0x6) SR: 47.05;
7.1;?;Perera to Warner, no run length on middle and leg, cramps Warner for space. Blocked;
6.6;1;Angelo Mathews to Warner, 1 run pitched up on the stumps, Warner steps forward and drives a quick single to mid-off;
6.5;1;Angelo Mathews to Finch, 1 run shorter and outside off, Finch jumps on top of it, punching it to the covers, Siri dives to his right from cover-point and keeps it to one;
6.4;?;Angelo Mathews to Finch, no run back of a length on off, stabbed to point;
6.3;1;Angelo Mathews to Warner, 1 run floated slower on the pads, Warner works it to midwicket and ticks it over to Finch;
6.2;?;Angelo Mathews to Warner, no run full on middle, Warner keeps searching for room. Sri Lanka's aren't giving him enough breathing space. Defended;
6.1;?;Angelo Mathews to Warner, no run full cutter on middle, tapped to mid-off;
5.6;4;Perera to Finch, FOUR runs back of a length and too straight in line again, minimalist touch from Finch. No violence here. Just tickles it fine to the leg-side boundary;
5.5;?;Perera to Finch, no run Thisara rolls his fingers across the cutter, drifts down the leg side, past the glance. The umpire reckons it may have kissed the thigh;
5.4;?;Perera to Finch, no run back of a length and outside off, Finch middles a punch to extra cover;
5.3;?;Perera to Finch, no run nice and tight, good length ball on middle, defensively played back to the bowler;
5.2;1;Perera to Warner, 1 run might have been a slower one around off, Warner employs soft hands and runs it down past Dilshan to third man;
5.1;?;Perera to Warner, no run fractionally short and outside off, Warner scythes it away to backward point. Excellent diving save from Dilshan. Mathews offers the old pro a pat on the back;
4.6;?;Angelo Mathews to Finch, no run little nip-backer, cramps Finch for room. Jams an inside edge onto the pad. The snick trickles behind square on the off side;
4.5;?;Angelo Mathews to Finch, no run straight in line, back of a length, Finch shuffles across off, whipping to midwicket;
4.4;1;Angelo Mathews to Warner, 1 run Warner leaps back and chops from the stumps to backward point, Dilshan fumbles now;
4.3;?;Angelo Mathews to Warner, no run good length on middle and leg, Warner defends again, this time to cover;
4.2;?;Angelo Mathews to Warner, no run short on middle and leg, Warner has no room to work with. Sits back and jabs to midwicket;
4.1;?;Angelo Mathews to Warner, no run length ball aiming for middle, Warner pushes out to mid-off;
3.6;?;Dilshan to Finch, no run;
3.5;?;Dilshan to Finch, no run Dilshan gives it some air on off, defended;
3.4;?;Dilshan to Finch, no run darted on middle and leg, clipped to mid-on;
3.3;4;Dilshan to Finch, FOUR runs no flight. Dilshan firing it on middle, Finch fights fire with fire. Brings out another slog. Swiped away between deep midwicket and long-on now. One-bounce boundary;
3.2;?;Dilshan to Finch, no run tickled off the pads to short fine leg;
3.1;6;Dilshan to Finch, SIX runs heavo-ho. Finch has found his oasis. Pushed through on off, Finch stretches forward and smites a slog-sweep over midwicket. Only the second six of the match;
2.6;?;Angelo Mathews to Warner, no run much tighter from Mathews. Pushes it full on middle, Warner pushes towards mid-off;
2.5;?;Angelo Mathews to Warner, no run back of a length and width outside off, Warner leans back for another cut. The 39-year-old Dilshan still has it. Makes a sprawling save at backward point;
2.4;1;Angelo Mathews to Finch, 1 run Finch gets on top of a short ball on off. Punched to cover;
2.3;2b;Angelo Mathews to Finch, 2 byes big bounce! Jumps from a length outside off, beats the outside edge, beats Kusal as well. This pitch is a challenge for the keeper as well;
2.2;?;Angelo Mathews to Finch, no run back of a length and keeps low on off again, Finch crouches and keeps it out;
2.1;?;Angelo Mathews to Finch, no run short and tucks Finch up for room, pushed to the leg side on the back foot;
1.6;1;Dilshan to Finch, 1 run straight delivery on middle and leg, hacked away to wide long-on;
1.5;?;Dilshan to Finch, no run full and straight, swept away to backward square leg;
1.4;4;Dilshan to Finch, FOUR runs Finch steps away outside leg, Dilshan stalks him. Rasping pull. Nobody there at deep square leg to cut it off;
1.3;1;Dilshan to Warner, 1 run Dilshan's reaction suggests that there was a nick there. Dilshan slows it up, throws it up outside off. Warner slashes and nicks it thickly, past the right leg of Kusal who is behind the stumps, not Chandimal. It went past the keeper quickly. Not an easy chance;
1.2;?;Dilshan to Warner, no run dragged down short and outside off, Warner has loads of time to skip back and cut to backward point;
1.1;1;Dilshan to Finch, 1 run slides on middle from round the wicket, tucked neatly through square leg;
0.6;1;Angelo Mathews to Finch, 1 run back of a length on middle, does not come onto Finch, and shoots low. Finch is forced to go low with it. Jabs it to midwicket. Extra bounce first, now he has to deal with low bounce;
0.6;1w;Angelo Mathews to Finch, 1 wide leg-side wide, but replays indicate that may have glanced the thigh;
0.5;?;Angelo Mathews to Finch, no run short of a length and outside off, leans back and cuts to point. Dilshan is lurking there;
0.4;?;Angelo Mathews to Finch, no run good riposte from Mathews. Finds some assistance from the surface. Length ball, explodes, a puff of dust explodes as well. Strikes Finch on the glove;
0.3;6;Angelo Mathews to Finch, SIX runs Mathews floats it full and outside off, Finch eases forward and launches it over mid-off. Handsomely lofted for the first six of the game. At that pace - 124 - Mathews was asking to be spanked;
0.2;?;Angelo Mathews to Finch, no run good length ball from over the wicket, straightens on off, Finch wafts an outside edge towards point;
0.1;3;Angelo Mathews to Warner, 3 runs soft ball - short and wide outside off - Warner latches onto it, crunching a cut in the gap at the covers;

7pm Hello again. Australia's over rate wasn't too tidy, eats up 10 minutes of the break. Mendis and Chandi found an oasis on this parched surface, put a tent up, and camped their way to fifties. Sri Lanka finished with 227, and they now have a bevy of spinners to make that score look bigger.
Sandakan - left-arm wristspin
Aponso - left-arm orthodox
Dilruwan - ofspin
Dhananjaya - offspin
Dilshan - offspin
Mendis - offspin
Siriwardana - left-arm orthodox
As Mathews put it at the toss: the surface is going to get worse. Can Finch and Warner find their own oasis? Captain Mathews takes the new ball. Keeper up to the stumps
 Innings Start
Sri Lanka
Australia
1st ODI (D/N), Colombo (RPS), Aug 21 2016, Australia tour of Sri Lanka
227/8
228/7
Player of the match is James Faulkner, AUS
Australia won by 3 wickets (with 19 balls remaining)
