Data
1:26pm: Curtly Ambrose hugs and embraces Jerome Taylor. He holds the scoring plates, which shout out his record: 6 for 47, his career-best Test figures. Australia began the session briskly, scoring 40 in the first seven overs.
Smith looked destined to score his maiden first-class double century..... until he was pinned lbw on 199. Four balls later, Hazlewood holed out to long-on as Australia were bowled out for 399.
Adarsh: "Getting out on 199 is just like getting 99 out of 100 in a Maths exam! You feel sad and crestfallen even after scoring that much."
Bharath Seervi: "2 dismissals in 190s without a 200 in Tests: Ian Chappell, Michael Vaughan, Steve Smith"
126.5;W;Permaul to Hazlewood, OUT Hazlewood holes out to long-on and Australia have been bowled out for 399. Hazlwood fetches it from outside off, he wants to slug it away. He does not middle it and can only drag it to long-on, where Blackwood snaffles it;Josh Hazlewood c Blackwood b Permaul 24 (69m 58b 2x4 0x6) SR: 41.37;
126.4;?;Permaul to Hazlewood, no run spins in, he goes back and punches it to the covers;
126.3;1;Permaul to Lyon, 1 run flatter and on middle, another sweep, this one hit through backward square leg;
126.2;4;Permaul to Lyon, FOUR runs low full toss on middle, Lyon sinks to one knee and paddles it fine on the leg side;
126.1;1;Permaul to Hazlewood, 1 run full and straight, whipped away to the left of midwicket;
125.6;W;Taylor to Smith, OUT Smith has been given out lbw by Ian Gould on 199. Smith wants a review. Taylor's footing is fine. Superb inswinging yorker at 140.3ks. Smith is a fraction late as the balls dips under hit bat. Taylor smacks him on the back boot in front of middle. No clear evidence of a tickle/edge on it. Smith loses his balance and nearly topples over... And the tracker shows that it would have cannoned into the leg stump. Third Australian to be dismissed on 199 after Matthew Elliott and Steve Waugh. What an anti-climax. Smith looks skywards as he trudges back to the hut... Nevertheless, this has been a top innings on a tricky pitch;Steven Smith lbw b Taylor 199 (513m 361b 21x4 2x6) SR: 55.12;
125.5;?;Taylor to Smith, no run good length and outside off, well-timed drive but straight to the man at cover;
125.4;?;Taylor to Smith, no run full and attacking the base of off, Smith squeezes it out to mid-off;
125.3;1;Taylor to Hazlewood, 1 run very full and hurled in on a leg-stump line, he misses it. The ball dribbles to the off side off the pad;
125.2;?;Taylor to Hazlewood, no run short and on middle, Hazlewood backs away and defends it to the covers;
125.1;1;Taylor to Smith, 1 run speared on off, Smith clips it towards wide long-on;
124.6;?;Permaul to Hazlewood, no run pushed through outside off, he misses the defensive push and takes it on the pad. Ambitious appeal for lbw, the impact was well outside off;
124.5;?;Permaul to Hazlewood, no run spinning down leg, faintest tickle, bounces in front of the keeper;
124.4;?;Permaul to Hazlewood, no run back of a length and outside off, he goes back and punches it to the covers;
124.3;1;Permaul to Smith, 1 run dabbed in front of point for a speedy single. The fielder fires an accurate throw to Ramdin, but Hazlewood slides his bat in to make his ground;
124.2;?;Permaul to Smith, no run pushed through, Smith comes down the track, misses the flick. Rolls back to the bowler off the thigh I guess;
124.1;?;Permaul to Smith, no run pushed through outside off, Smith does not connect with the cut. Beaten by extra bounce;
39.6;?;Roach to Smith, no run back of a length and outside off, Smith watches it through to Ramdin;
39.5;?;Roach to Smith, no run angled in, full on off, defended;
39.4;?;Roach to Smith, no run back of a length and outside off, punched to the covers;
39.3;?;Roach to Smith, no run good length and outside off, ignored;
39.2;?;Roach to Smith, no run back of a length and outside off, Smith has a crack at it, aiming to dab it to third man. But can't connect;
39.1;?;Roach to Smith, no run nips in from outside off, left alone;
38.6;W;Holder to Clarke, OUT Clarke has nicked off. Holder has his arms aloft and exults... Fuller length and moves away outside off, Clarke is crease-bound as he chases it with an on-the-up drive. He can only feed an outside edge to Ramdin;Michael Clarke c ?Ramdin b Holder 47 (143m 107b 4x4 2x6) SR: 43.92;
38.5;?;Holder to Clarke, no run fractionally short and on middle, defended back to the bowler;
38.4;3;Holder to Smith, 3 runs full and wide outside off, Smith eases forward and drives it past the covers. Roach chases manfully, hauls it in with his boot before going over the rope;
38.3;?;Holder to Smith, no run shortish and outside off, Smith yanks his bottom hand off the bat as he defends it to the off side;
38.2;?;Holder to Smith, no run speared in full and on middle, jabbed to square leg;
38.1;2;Holder to Smith, 2 runs banged in short and on middle, Smith swivels through and hips, controls a pull behind square on the leg side and earns another couple;
123.6;4;Taylor to Hazlewood, FOUR runs yorker length and outside off, Hazlewood jabs his bat down and gets an outside edge that threads the slip cordon;
123.5;2;Taylor to Hazlewood, 2 runs very full and straight, tucked between midwicket and mid-on for two;
123.4;?;Taylor to Hazlewood, no run good length and comes in with the angle on middle, Hazlewood shuffles and covers up in the defence;
123.3;?;Taylor to Hazlewood, no run full and on off, driven to mid-off;
123.2;?;Taylor to Hazlewood, no run that almost shaved the off stump. Angled in from round the wicket, straightens past the outside edge and misses the off stump by a whisker;
123.1;1;Taylor to Smith, 1 run low full toss on off, clipped away through midwicket for one;
122.6;?;Permaul to Hazlewood, no run on a length and on off, Hazlewood replies with a dead bat;
122.5;?;Permaul to Hazlewood, no run Permaul gets some spin, blocked to leg;
122.4;?;Permaul to Hazlewood, no run tossed up, defended;
122.3;?;Permaul to Hazlewood, no run fullish and outside off, driven to mid-off;
122.2;1;Permaul to Smith, 1 run darted quicker, jammed out to the leg side;
122.1;6;Permaul to Smith, 6 runs flat and on middle, he hangs back and punches it wide of midwicket. They hustle across for two. They more more via overthrow. Wild throw, beats Ramdin, beats Bravo and runs away to the boundary. Smith reaches his highest first-class score, going past 192 against India;
37.6;?;Roach to Clarke, no run wide line outside off, easy leave for Clarke;
37.5;?;Roach to Clarke, no run back of a length and angled in, blocked to the covers;
37.4;?;Roach to Clarke, no run skiddy and outside off, Clarke loads up for a cut and misses;
37.3;4;Roach to Clarke, FOUR runs back of a length and sits up to be hit, Clarke takes it from outside off and pulls it powerfully to the deep midwicket boundary. Right off the meat of the bat;
37.2;?;Roach to Clarke, no run good length and angled in, pressed to the covers;
37.1;?;Roach to Clarke, no run Roach goes wide of the crease and angles it outside off. Now its Clarke's turn to ignore it;
36.6;?;Taylor to Smith, no run much closer to off, but Smith knows the whereabouts of it and shoulders arms again;
36.5;?;Taylor to Smith, no run 140.3ks, the line is outside off, Smith leaves;
36.4;?;Taylor to Smith, no run pitched up and moves in on middle, Smith walks across off and mis-times a drive towards mid-on;
36.3;?;Taylor to Smith, no run back of a length and outside off, Smith covers his off stump and lets it pass;
36.3;1nb;Taylor to Smith, (no ball) full and outside off, he loads up for a drive but has to settle with an inside edge to the leg side. Taylor has overstepped;
36.2;?;Taylor to Smith, no run good length and on a fourth-stump line, forward and defended in front of the covers;
36.1;1;Taylor to Clarke, 1 run back of a length and on the hips, picked away behind square leg;
35.6;?;Roach to Smith, no run angled in from wide of the crease, struck high on pad above the knee-roll. Not given by umpire Gould. Ramdin wants to challenge the decision. Smith shuffles across and does not connect with the flick. Impact outside off and West Indies lose a review;
35.5;4;Roach to Smith, FOUR runs angled in on a fourth-stump line, Smith whips it away to the right of mid-on. Half-volley and dispatched;
35.4;?;Roach to Smith, no run full and angled in on the stumps, driven down the track. Mid-on dives full-length to his left and stops the ball;
35.3;?;Roach to Smith, no run back of a length and angled outside off, ignored;
35.2;4;Roach to Smith, FOUR runs short and sits up outside off, Smith swat-pulls it away to the right of short midwicket;
35.1;?;Roach to Smith, no run he goes wide of the crease and hurls a yorker at the base of off. Dug out to off;
34.6;1;Taylor to Smith, 1 run back of a length and on middle, Smith walks across and milks a single in front of square on the leg side. The fielder has a shy at the bowlers' but misses. Roach backs up the throw;
34.5;?;Taylor to Smith, no run fired full and nips in on middle, jammed out to square leg;
34.4;1;Taylor to Clarke, 1 run full and on middle and leg, clipped to the right of mid-on;
34.3;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run 142.9ks, beats Clarke. Zipping away outside off, explodes from a length. Clarke gets forward, pushes out and misses;
34.2;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run good length and angled in, Clarke tips forward and pushes it to mid-on;
34.1;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run fractionally short and on middle, defended back to Taylor;
33.6;?;Permaul to Smith, no run slides on with the arm outside off, left alone;
33.5;?;Permaul to Smith, no run lobbed up on off, defended;
33.4;4;Permaul to Smith, FOUR runs fuller again, width on offer. Smith uses his feet again and crunches it past the covers, outruns a chasing mid-off;
33.3;?;Permaul to Smith, no run straight roller on middle, he shuffles across and blocks to leg;
33.2;6;Permaul to Smith, SIX runs full and on off, Smith saunters down the track, meets the pitch of this one and lofts it over long-on with a straight bat.. What a way to reach fifty;
33.1;?;Permaul to Smith, no run quick and outside off, he leans back and punches it to the covers;
32.6;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run Taylor tests Clarke with another lifter. He ponders a pull before belatedly half-ducking under it;
32.5;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run good length and on off, Clarke comes forward and pats it to the covers;
32.4;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run bumper from Taylor, Clarke sinks under it;
32.3;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run slid down leg, Clarke does not connect with the glance. Off the thigh pad, Ramdin dives across to his left and collects the ball. No bat/glove involved;
32.2;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run full on off at 144ks, driven to the left of the bowler. The man at covers moves to his right and has it covered;
32.1;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run back of a length around off, Clarke inches forward and blocks it to short cover;
31.6;?;Permaul to Smith, no run flighted and drifts in on off, he steps out and blocks it onto the pitch;
31.5;?;Permaul to Smith, no run darted short and wide outside off, slapped to point;
31.4;?;Permaul to Smith, no run low full toss on off, punched past a diving short cover to mid-off. They ponder over a single but decide against it;
31.3;?;Permaul to Smith, no run full and outside off, pressed to the covers;
31.2;6;Permaul to Smith, SIX runs top, top strike. Permaul gives this more air on off, Smith dances down the track and sends it soaring over long-on;
31.1;?;Permaul to Smith, no run flighted and on middle, Smith goes forward and across to defend it to leg;
30.6;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run angled in on off, drags Clarke forward. Tapped to the off side;
30.5;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run angled outside on a shortish length, pushed towards point with an open face;
30.4;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run good length and outside off, Clarke shoulders arms;
30.3;2;Taylor to Clarke, 2 runs overpitched on middle and leg, picked away between midwicket and mid-on;
30.2;2;Taylor to Clarke, 2 runs straying onto the hips and Clarke eases it behind square on the leg side. The fielder is rather finer in the deep;
30.1;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run back of a length and zipping away outside off, Ramdin takes it in front of his noggin;
29.6;?;Permaul to Smith, no run straight roller on off, Smith steps out and quietly offers a dead bat to it;
29.5;?;Permaul to Smith, no run tossed up, blocked to the leg side;
29.4;?;Permaul to Smith, no run good length, blocked back to the bowler;
29.3;?;Permaul to Smith, no run slides on outside off, left alone;
29.2;?;Permaul to Smith, no run pushed through just outside off, down the track and takes it on the pad. He did not meet the pitch of the ball;
29.1;?;Permaul to Smith, no run full and dips in on off, defended to the right of Permaul;
28.6;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run shortish and outside off, Clarke rides it to point;
28.5;2;Taylor to Clarke, 2 runs Taylor errs too full and straight and that's the first runs off Taylor. Clarke flicks it in the gap between midwicket and mid-on;
28.4;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run back of a length and curling away outside off, Clarke ignores;
28.3;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run short and rises on middle, Clarke rises with it and fends it onto the pitch;
28.2;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run good length and on middle, poked out in front of point off an outside edge;
28.1;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run full and on off, Clarke presses forward and blocks it calmly;
27.6;?;Permaul to Smith, no run Smith skips out again, drives it back to the bowler;
27.5;1;Permaul to Clarke, 1 run down the track and whipped away between Smith and short mid-on;
27.4;?;Permaul to Clarke, no run flat and darted outside off, Clarke hangs back and punches it to short cover, who deflects it to ,mid-off;
27.3;?;Permaul to Clarke, no run fuller and on off, Clarke comes down the track again and quietly defends it to the off side, adjacent to the pitch;
27.2;?;Permaul to Clarke, no run flighted on off, he steps out and drops it onto the pitch;
27.1;1;Permaul to Smith, 1 run down the track and driven smoothly to long-off;
26.6;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run pitched up and attacking off, tapped to short cover. Six overs, six maidens for Taylor;
26.5;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run tight line on off, Clarke has to play this. He inches forward and blocks it back to the bowler;
26.4;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run back of a length and just a shade outside off, ignored again;
26.3;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run full and holds its line outside off, left alone;
26.2;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run pitched up and on off, Clarke drives sweetly but hits it straight to mid-off;
26.1;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run good length and on middle, Clarke blocks it to the off side off the front foot;
25.6;?;Permaul to Smith, no run pitched up and on off, draws Smith forward. Defended back to the bowler and that's the first maiden for Permaul;
25.5;?;Permaul to Smith, no run full and on off, dead-batted in front of short cover off the back foot;
25.4;?;Permaul to Smith, no run nice and loopy on off, patted in front of point;
25.3;?;Permaul to Smith, no run skiddy ball outside off, he aims to cut but has to settle with a bottom edge to Ramdin;
25.2;?;Permaul to Smith, no run flat and spinning away outside off, chopped to short cover;
25.1;?;Permaul to Smith, no run flighted and just outside off, defended to short cover;
24.6;?;Holder to Clarke, no run another bumpy short ball outside off, Clarke loads up for a pull but bails out of the shot at the last moment;
24.5;?;Holder to Clarke, no run bouncer outside off, tests Clarke, who ducks under it;
24.4;?;Holder to Clarke, no run full and on middle, Clarke camps back and plays a flashy drive to mid-off;
24.3;?;Holder to Clarke, no run much fuller and outside off, still does not interest Clarke;
24.2;?;Holder to Clarke, no run back of a length and just a shade outside off, no shot offered;
24.1;?;Holder to Clarke, no run back of a length and angled in on off, Clarke dabs it in front of covers with soft hands;
23.6;?;Permaul to Smith, no run looped up on off, Smith answers with a dead bat;
23.5;4;Permaul to Smith, FOUR runs andd again! Pushed through on off, Smith slinks down the track and launches it over midwicket with another flick. Third four of the over..;
23.4;4;Permaul to Smith, FOUR runs flatter and fired outside off, Smith rocks back and cuts it behind point, Blackwood chases in vain;
23.3;?;Permaul to Smith, no run darted short and wide outside off, he goes deep in the crease and slaps it. Blackwood at backward point dives to his left and stops four;
23.2;4;Permaul to Smith, FOUR runs fuller length and spins in on off, he nips down the track and whips it over midwicket. Good, controlled strike;
23.1;1;Permaul to Clarke, 1 run down the track and driven to a deepish mid-off;
22.6;?;Holder to Smith, no run very full and comes in with the angle on off, wristy drive straight to mid-on after lunging forward;
22.5;?;Holder to Smith, no run dug in shortish and outside off, left alone without any fuss;
22.4;?;Holder to Smith, no run much fuller and close to off but does not draw a stroke from Smith;
22.3;?;Holder to Smith, no run fractionally short and outside off, Smith punchily defends it to short cover;
22.2;?;Holder to Smith, no run back of a length and holds its line outside off, Smith watches it through to the keeper;
22.1;1;Holder to Clarke, 1 run picked away off the pads towards long leg;
21.6;?;Permaul to Smith, no run flatter and outside off, Smith comes down the track but does not meet the pitch of the ball, ends up poking it towards point;
21.5;1;Permaul to Clarke, 1 run too straight in line, tucked away towards deep midwicket;
21.4;?;Permaul to Clarke, no run tossed up on off, pressed to short cover;
21.3;?;Permaul to Clarke, no run pushed through quicker, Clarke aims to defend and manages an inside edge onto the pad;
21.2;?;Permaul to Clarke, no run slides on with the arm on off, defended to short cover;
21.1;?;Permaul to Clarke, no run Clarke gallops down the track, manufactures a full ball and jams it back to the bowler;
20.6;?;Holder to Smith, no run Holder ventures wide of the crease and targets off, Smith's defensive push to mid-on intervenes;
20.5;?;Holder to Smith, no run good length and straightens on a fourth-stump line, defended to short cover;
20.4;?;Holder to Smith, no run full and around off, holds up in the pitch and moves away. Smith gets another outer edge, this dies in front of gully;
20.3;2;Holder to Smith, 2 runs full and wide outside off, Smith gets halfway forward and laces it to the left of a diving short cover;
20.2;?;Holder to Smith, no run fuller and on off, blocked back to the bowler;
20.1;?;Holder to Smith, no run good length, swings away a touch on off and squares up Smith. Poked in front of the cordon off an outside edge. Does not carry..;
19.6;?;Permaul to Clarke, no run fired outside off, another mistimed cut. Chopped to short cover;
19.5;?;Permaul to Clarke, no run skiddy ball, hurries on off, Clarke covers it up in defence;
19.4;?;Permaul to Clarke, no run looped up on middle, Clarke gets forward to smother it;
19.3;?;Permaul to Clarke, no run darted outside off, chopped to short cover;
19.2;?;Permaul to Clarke, no run down the track, yorks himself and jabs it back to the bowler;
19.1;?;Permaul to Clarke, no run flatter and turning away outside off, forcing shot to short cover. Hope attacks the ball, flings to his right and stops it;
18.6;?;Holder to Smith, no run Holder drags his length back outside off, Smith does not bother with it;
18.5;?;Holder to Smith, no run length and outside off, Smith shoulders arms;
18.4;?;Holder to Smith, no run angled in on middle and leg, Smith walks across off, clipping it straight to square leg;
18.3;?;Holder to Smith, no run good length and outside off, Smith covers his off stump and leaves it;
18.2;2;Holder to Smith, 2 runs pitched up and on the stumps, Smith shuffles across off and drives it to the left of mid-on with a straightish bat;
18.1;?;Holder to Smith, no run Back of a length and jags away outside off with some extra lift, Smith does not want any of it;
17.6;?;Permaul to Clarke, no run lobbed up on off, draws Clarke forward into a defensive push to short cover;
17.5;?;Permaul to Clarke, no run fired outside off and spinning away, chopped towards point off the back foot;
17.4;?;Permaul to Clarke, no run flat and turning away outside off, punched to short cover. Diving save...;
17.3;?;Permaul to Clarke, no run much slower through the air on off, he prods forward in defence;
17.2;1;Permaul to Smith, 1 run flat on off, down the track and whipped away to the leg side;
17.1;?;Permaul to Smith, no run tossed up and full on off, pushed to the right of short cover;
16.6;1;Roach to Smith, 1 run the backward square leg fielder in the deep kept busy. Back of a length and on middle, Smith shuffles across off and flicks;
16.5;1;Roach to Clarke, 1 run straying onto the pads, Clarke flips his wrists and plays it behind square on the leg side. There is protection in the deep;
16.4;1lb;Roach to Smith, 1 leg bye Smith shuffles across and tickles this leg-stump ball fine on the leg side. Replays show that there was no bat on that. The outcome is a leg bye;
16.3;2;Roach to Smith, 2 runs low full toss on middle, flicked to the right of square leg for a couple;
16.2;?;Roach to Smith, no run short and darted down leg, Smith gets out of the way;
16.1;?;Roach to Smith, no run back of a length and wide outside off, seams away further. Smith flashes and gets beaten. Ramdin dives to his right to collect the ball;
15.6;?;Permaul to Clarke, no run fired flat on middle, Clarke comes down the track again. This time he drills a drive back to Permaul;
15.5;6;Permaul to Clarke, SIX runs Clarke nips down the track, manufactures a length ball and lofts it cleanly over mid-on. It goes all the way;
15.4;?;Permaul to Clarke, no run slides on middle, straightens, Clarke prods forward and drops it in front of the bowler;
15.3;?;Permaul to Clarke, no run flighted on middle, down the track as Clarke takes it on the full and bunts it to mid-on;
15.2;2;Permaul to Clarke, 2 runs veering onto the pads, clipped away past midwicket for two;
15.1;1;Permaul to Smith, 1 run pitched up on off, driven to mid-off, who is deeper than normal;
14.6;?;Roach to Clarke, no run short and comes in with the angle as Clarke leaps off his feet and diffuses it to mid-off;
14.5;?;Roach to Clarke, no run angled in full and on middle, Clarke seeks to flick it away but has to settle with an inner edge towards midwicket;
14.4;?;Roach to Clarke, no run too straight in line, Clarke closes the face of his bat and clips it to square leg;
14.3;?;Roach to Clarke, no run Roach ventures wide of the crease and angles it on a short of a length on off. He has Clarke hopping and defending it on to the pitch;
14.2;?;Roach to Clarke, no run short and much wider outside off, Clarke opts for caution and shoulders arms to it;
14.1;4;Roach to Clarke, FOUR runs short of a length and outside off, Clarke rides the bounce and glides it off the face in the gap between slips and gully;
13.6;?;Permaul to Smith, no run angled in on middle, Smith defensively pushes it back to Permaul;
13.5;?;Permaul to Smith, no run dragged short and wide outside off, Smith cuts and finds the man at the covers;
13.4;4;Permaul to Smith, FOUR runs lovely use of the feet. Permaul gives this more air on off, Smith slinks down the track and lifts it over mid-off for a one-bounce four;
13.3;?;Permaul to Smith, no run flatter and much fuller on off, patted back to Permaul;
13.2;?;Permaul to Smith, no run full and on off, forward and blocked to short cover;
13.1;?;Permaul to Smith, no run tossed up and spins in on off, defended off the back foot;
12.6;?;Roach to Clarke, no run back of a length, top-of-off line, Clarke hops up and quells it to the covers;
12.5;?;Roach to Clarke, no run tight line on and around off, Clarke calmly blocks;
12.4;6;Roach to Clarke, SIX runs length and outside off, Clarke hits through the line and hoists it over mid-off for six, the first of the game;
12.3;?;Roach to Clarke, no run beaten soundly! Good length and swerves away outside off, Clarke is caught on a fishing expedition. Nibbles at it and misses;
12.2;1;Roach to Smith, 1 run lifting ball, gets big on Smith, who manages to fend it away behind square on the leg side after shuffling across;
12.1;4;Roach to Smith, FOUR runs teaser outside off, Roach finds the outside edge, skitters low between second and third slip;
11.6;?;Holder to Clarke, no run full and jags back in off the seam just outside off, forward and pushed back to the bowler. Holder wants to have a crack at the stumps and hits Clarke;
11.5;?;Holder to Clarke, no run back of a length and nips in with extra bounce, catches Clarke on the thigh;
11.4;?;Holder to Clarke, no run tighter line on off, Clarke comes forward and blocks it to short cover;
11.3;4;Holder to Clarke, FOUR runs dug in short and outside off, Holder does not have enough pace to pose a threat. This sits up and Clarke rocks back, pulling it past short midwicket;
11.2;4;Holder to Clarke, FOUR runs creamed. On a length and outside off, this was by no means a half-volley. Clarke strides forward and drives it crisply between short cover and mid-off;
11.1;4b;Holder to Clarke, 4 byes stray ball, sprayed down leg. Beats the batsman's attempted glance, beats a diving Ramdin;
10.6;1;Roach to Clarke, 1 run veering onto the pads, Clarke picks it away to deep backward square leg;
10.5;?;Roach to Clarke, no run back of a length and outside off, ignored;
10.4;?;Roach to Clarke, no run good length and outside off, tapped into the covers;
10.4;1nb;Roach to Clarke, (no ball) Australia reduced to 22 for 3. Banged in short and tucks up Clarke for room. He aims for a flick but the ball stops on him and he can only lob it back to the bowler off a leading edge. Oh wait, Roach has overstepped and Clarke has been called back. No part of the heel behind the crease and Roach has to pay the penalty;
10.3;?;Roach to Clarke, no run back of a length and outside off, Clarke hoists his bat above his shoulder and ignores again;
10.2;?;Roach to Clarke, no run dug in short again, Roach gets some away movement as well but it does not interest Clarke;
10.1;?;Roach to Clarke, no run short and Roach sprays this wide outside off. Clarke does not bother with it;
9.6;?;Holder to Smith, no run this is pitched up and on off, Smith gets forward and pats it to short cover;
9.5;?;Holder to Smith, no run reverts to a shorter length, nice TV-friendly carry to Ramdin. Left alone;
9.4;?;Holder to Smith, no run very full and nips back in on off, Smith falls over as his balance it shot. He manages to block it back to the bowler, though;
9.3;2;Holder to Smith, 2 runs pitched up and outside off, driven to the right of Roach at mid-off. He chases and limits it to a couple;
9.2;?;Holder to Smith, no run fractionally short and Holder teases Smith outside off. He covers his off stump and ignores it;
9.1;?;Holder to Smith, no run back of a length and on a fourth-stump line, defended back to the bowler;
8.6;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run wide line outside off, ignored. Ramdin walks up to Taylor and pats him on the back. Make that the fifth maiden on the trot;
8.5;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run back of a length and outside off, Clarke isn't interested;
8.4;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run pitched up and on off, tapped into the covers, straight to the fielder;
8.3;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run inducker now, Clarke nearly falls over and mis-hits a flick and finds short midwicket;
8.2;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run beauty from Taylor. Angled in on a good length on off and cuts away, beating the nervy waft of Clarke;
8.1;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run fuller and on off, Clarke offers a compact defence;
7.6;1;Holder to Clarke, 1 run full and outside off, knocked to the left of short cover for a quick single. The fielder has a shy at the strikers' but does not nail the stumps down;
7.5;?;Holder to Clarke, no run much tighter, attacking the off stump, making Clarke play. Pressed into the covers;
7.4;?;Holder to Clarke, no run much fuller but Holder continues to explore the channel outside off. Clarke is happy to let these pass;
7.3;?;Holder to Clarke, no run zipping through outside off, lovely carry to Ramdin. Clarke covers his off stump and shoulders arms again;
7.2;?;Holder to Clarke, no run similar length and outside off accompanied by some movement off the seam, left alone again;
7.1;?;Holder to Clarke, no run back of a length, the customary length for Holder, the line is outside off. Ignored;
6.6;?;Taylor to Smith, no run dug in shortish and rises on middle, Smith swivels through the hips but mis-times the pull as it goes only as far as square leg;
6.5;?;Taylor to Smith, no run back of a length and on middle, Smith shuffles across off in his own inimitable way and blocks it to mid-on;
6.4;?;Taylor to Smith, no run pitched up and tails in on off, pushed to the leg side off the inner part of the bat;
6.3;?;Taylor to Smith, no run Taylor drifts this back-of-a-length ball down leg, Smith walks across off and does not connect with the attempted flick;
6.2;?;Taylor to Smith, no run 141.2ks, good length and curves away outside off, Smith has a loose waft at it, gets an outside edge that does not carry to third slip;
6.1;?;Taylor to Smith, no run good length and on middle, shuffles across and works it to midwicket;
5.6;2;Roach to Clarke, 2 runs very full and on the pads, Clarke wristily flicks it behind square leg. The fielder runs across in the deep and keeps it to a couple;
5.5;?;Roach to Clarke, no run Roach goes wide of the crease and angles it outside off, Clarke lets it pass;
5.4;1;Roach to Smith, 1 run back of a length, dab-and-run single in front of the covers. Clarke responded well;
5.3;?;Roach to Smith, no run another rippah... Good length and around off, seams away, squares up Smith and beats the outside edge;
5.2;?;Roach to Smith, no run good length and outside off, pressed towards point;
5.1;?;Roach to Smith, no run good length angled in, leaps outside off as Smith is squared up. He manages to poke it out in front of the cordon off an outside edge;
4.6;W;Taylor to Marsh, OUT Marsh has been given out lbw by umpire Richard Kettleborough, Taylor strikes again. Full inswinger at 140.4ks, Marsh falls over and misses the flick as he is rapped on the front pad in front of middle. It looked pretty adjacent, prompting Marsh not to challenge the decision... The tracker shows that it would have hit the top of leg;Shaun Marsh lbw b Taylor 11 (25m 15b 1x4 0x6) SR: 73.33;
4.5;?;Taylor to Marsh, no run similar line and length, Marsh solidly blocks to the covers;
4.4;?;Taylor to Marsh, no run fractionally short and on off, March inches forward and drops it in front of the covers;
4.3;?;Taylor to Marsh, no run angled outside off, Taylor seeks for some inswing. No shot offered;
4.2;?;Taylor to Marsh, no run 142.9ks, full and wide outside off, curls away late, leaving Marsh prodding and missing;
4.1;?;Taylor to Marsh, no run good length and in the channel, Marsh does not bother with it;
3.6;?;Roach to Smith, no run fractionally short and angled in, Smith shuffles across off and aims to flick. But he can't connect, wearing it high on his thigh pad;
3.5;?;Roach to Smith, no run pitched up and on a fourth-stump line, Smith taps it towards point;
3.4;4;Roach to Smith, FOUR runs angled in on middle, overpitched, right in Smith's flicking radar. He walks across off, twirls his wrists and sends it past midwicket;
3.4;1nb;Roach to Smith, (no ball) 139.6ks. Roach ventures wide of the crease and zips it through outside off. Left alone. Ian Gould calls out Roach for overstepping;
3.3;3;Roach to Marsh, 3 runs width on offer outside off, very full as well. Marsh does not need a second invitation to drive - he gets a big stride forward and drives it wide of the covers for three;
3.2;?;Roach to Marsh, no run good length and sliding away outside off with the angle, Marsh protects his off stump and lets it pass to Ramdin;
3.1;?;Roach to Marsh, no run back of a length, skiddy on middle at 138.4ks, tucked to square leg;
2.6;?;Taylor to Smith, no run on a good length and just a shade outside off, Smith defensively pushes it to the covers;
2.5;?;Taylor to Smith, no run back of a length around off and swings away, Smith reads it and shoulders arms;
2.4;?;Taylor to Smith, no run full and on middle, Smith whippily drives and finds the man at mid-on after shuffling forward and across;
2.3;?;Taylor to Smith, no run fuller and shapes away outside off, Smith dabs it towards gully with soft hands;
2.2;?;Taylor to Smith, no run seductive away swinger, Smith does not bite;
2.1;?;Taylor to Smith, no run nice and tight on off, swings away late, Smith comes forward and across to block;
1.6;?;Roach to Marsh, no run shortish and on middle and leg, tucks up Marsh for room. He comes halfway forward as he blocks it in front of midwicket;
1.5;2;Roach to Marsh, 2 runs another half-volley outside off, Marsh leans forward and creams another drive through cover-point;
1.4;?;Roach to Marsh, no run Roach strays on the hips of Marsh, who can't connect with the flick properly. All he manages in an inside edge onto the thigh pad, the ball drops into where short leg may have been;
1.3;?;Roach to Marsh, no run much better from Roach. Good length and comes in on middle, draws Marsh into a forward-defensive push back to the bowler;
1.2;2;Roach to Marsh, 2 runs too full and swings away outside off, driven past the covers again. This time, the result is a couple;
1.1;4;Roach to Marsh, FOUR runs poor ball.. Roach serves up a low full toss just outside off, Marsh eases it past the covers. He just found the gap and gave it direction;
0.6;?;Taylor to Smith, no run top ball to end a top over. Good length around off and swerves away past the outside edge of Smith's groping bat;
0.5;?;Taylor to Smith, no run back of a length and swings in a touch on off, Smith blocks it carefully;
0.4;?;Taylor to Smith, no run too full and straight, Smith leans across and clips it away to midwicket;
0.3;W;Taylor to Warner, OUT cracker of a start for West Indies. Warner has to depart for a duck. Prancing delivery... Leaps from a length outside off, Warner is caught in an awkward tangle as he spars at it, the ball takes the outside edge and balloons to third slip where Hope completes a good, low catch;David Warner c Hope b Taylor 0 (3m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
0.2;?;Taylor to Warner, no run good length and on off, stays low, Brathwaite stoops low to keep it out;
0.1;?;Taylor to Warner, no run pitched up and curls in on middle and off, Warner strides forward to block it back to Taylor;

9:58am Sir Curtly Ambrose is perking his boys up at the edge of the boundary. Warner and Marsh march out to the middle. Taylor will take the new ball.
There is a lot of grass on the pitch and there is some moisture underneath. Early on, there will be a little bit of help for the seamers, says the pitch report.
9:30am: West Indies win the toss and choose to bowl. Three changes for West Indies: Chandrika, Permaul and Roach in for Samuels, Bishoo and Gabriel. So, Chandrika, who made 74 and 0 in the tour game against Australians in North Sound, has been handed his debut. On the other side, Australia are unchanged.
Ramdin: There is some grass on the pitch. We have a few changes. We have really worked hard in the last couple of days. We will have to be more consistent.
Clarke: I was going to bat. The pitch looks quite tacky. Big Test ahead of us. We are playing the same eleven.
Dhabih: "Is Bishoo injured? What's going on with Samuels?" ---- Bishoo had sustained a finger injury and is still unfit, while Samuels it out because of illness. Samuels had trained on Tuesday but missed the final practice session on Wednesday.
9:15am: Devendra Bishoo ripped a few at Windsor Park and displayed good accuracy, exposing Australia's deficiencies against spin; the highlight being his vicious legbreak to Brad Haddin, which provoked comparisons with Shane Warne's ball of the century. Coach Phil Simmons had also hinted that Bishoo is getting back to where he was when he was named ICC Young Player of the Year. Tony Cozier weighs in on the rebirth of Bishoo.
This pitch is expected to a turner and Bishoo will be a vital cog for the hosts. However, the West Indies batsmen will have to step up and lend some support.
Dobbo: "Very less chance of Australia playing two spinners. Starc, Hazlewood and Johnson have all been in fine form. This three-man pace attack with Lyon works well for Australia."
Rohit Verma: "I guess both sides should go in with two spinners."
cameron: "Nathan Lyon is on the verge of becoming Australia's most successful offspinner. He is level with Hugh Trumble and is set to go past him this Test."
9:00am: Chris Rogers hasn't fully recovered from the after effects of a stubborn concussion and he will miss this Test too. This means that Shaun Marsh will keep his place at the top and he will fight for his Ashes spot with Adam Voges right at his heels.
Meanwhile, Marsh's opening partner, David Warner, does not want to be the "chief on-field attack dog" anymore. He has mellowed down and Daniel Brettig rolls the dice on the transformation here.




8:50am: Greetings, everyone, we are 40 minutes away from the toss in Jamaica. Australia had already retained the Sir Frank Worrell Trophy after wrapping up the first Test inside three days. They will eye a 2-0 clean sweep and warm up for the Ashes. And if West Indies are to square the series, it would require their first win against Australia since 2003. Brydon Coverdale lays down the beat in his preview.
ESPNcricinfo is now on Instagram. Find us here: @espncricinfo.
 Innings Start
11:00am: Holder came out swinging this morning and clattered his way to 82 off 63 from an overnight 13 off 24 balls. Roach hung in before Hazlewood dismissed the last two in the same over and on the same score for his second five-wicket haul in Tests.
Holder's lusty hits and exquisitely-timed drive helped the hosts avert the follow on and trim the deficit to 179. Over to Australia's batsmen, again.
Craig: "Two of the brightest prospects for WI - Holder and Blackwood."
Krish: "Why WI not reviewing Taylor's LBW." --- It looked pretty adjacent and it did come back in.
59.5;W;Hazlewood to Taylor, OUT Hazlewood claims a five-for and West Indies have been bundled out for 220. Pitched up and swerves back in a touch on off, Taylor just pads up to it. Hazlewood smacks him on the back pad. The forefinger goes up and Taylor bags a duck;Jerome Taylor lbw b Hazlewood 0 (3m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
59.4;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run good length and on middle. Taylor ventures back and across to defend;
59.3;W;Hazlewood to Roach, OUT Hazlewood breaks the partnership and has Roach caught behind. Good length outside off, Roach is sucked into a drive. He can only edge it through to Haddin for a dolly catch. Roach was nailed to the crease as he chased it;Kemar Roach c ?Haddin b Hazlewood 7 (54m 36b 0x4 0x6) SR: 19.44;
59.2;?;Hazlewood to Roach, no run banged in short, Roach leaps off his feet as he fends it to the leg side;
59.1;1;Hazlewood to Holder, 1 run back of a length and on middle, Holder hangs back and milks it to the right of short midwicket;
58.6;?;Starc to Roach, no run Starc drags it down leg;
58.5;?;Starc to Roach, no run yorker, angled in at 144.4ks, straightens a touch, Roach jams it out in front of his feet;
58.4;2;Starc to Roach, 2 runs full and angled in, Roach lunges out for a a drive and gets an inner edge to the right of mid-on;
58.3;?;Starc to Roach, no run bumper on a leg-stump line, Roach ducks under it;
58.2;1;Starc to Holder, 1 run yorker around off, Holder jabs it through backward point;
58.1;4;Starc to Holder, FOUR runs 142.2ks, shortish and on middle, Holder camps back and slogs it over midwicket for another four;
57.6;?;Hazlewood to Roach, no run tight line on off, Roach offers a compact defence;
57.5;?;Hazlewood to Roach, no run full and on off, Roach gets behind it in defence;
57.4;?;Hazlewood to Roach, no run fractionally short and outside off, does not climb much, which means an easy leave for Roach;
57.3;?;Hazlewood to Roach, no run back of a length, defensively punched to short cover;
57.2;?;Hazlewood to Roach, no run good length and straightens outside off, leaves Roach prodding at it with his feet glued to the crease. There was a sound as the ball passed the bat. No real appeal from the visitors;
57.1;?;Hazlewood to Roach, no run fractionally short on off, Roach hops up and blocks it;
56.6;4;Starc to Holder, FOUR runs too full and width on offer as well. Holder reaches out with his hands and drives it through backward point;
56.5;1;Starc to Roach, 1 run Roach almost plays on.. Back of a length and swerves in, Roach hangs his bat out and manages an inside edge that trickles past the leg stump;
56.4;1;Starc to Holder, 1 run back of a length and angled in on middle, Holder goes for a slog-pull and ends up dragging it through backward square leg off the inside half of the bat;
56.3;?;Starc to Holder, no run Starc nails a yorker outside off, Holder steps away outside leg but can't slice it away. Beaten;
56.2;4;Starc to Holder, FOUR runs pitched up and around off, Holder is happy to sit back. He thumps it up and over the covers, sped away to the boundary;
56.1;?;Starc to Holder, no run on a length and outside off, Holder wants to crash it through the off side but skews it to leg off an inner edge;
55.6;?;Lyon to Roach, no run pushed through on middle, Roach goes on the back foot and blocks it to the right of short leg;
55.5;?;Lyon to Roach, no run drifts in on off, Roach defends it;
55.4;1;Lyon to Holder, 1 run drift and turn, poked out behind square leg;
55.3;4;Lyon to Holder, FOUR runs West Indies avoid the follow on. Full and on middle, he takes it from there and reverse-sweeps it behind point. Superb connection;
55.2;?;Lyon to Holder, no run angled on the pads, kept out;
55.1;4;Lyon to Holder, FOUR runs pushed through and slides with the angle outside off, Holder rocks back and forces it to the sweeper-cover boundary;
54.6;?;Johnson to Roach, no run full and outside off, Roach lets it be;
54.5;?;Johnson to Roach, no run angled in outside off, Roach inches forward and presses it to the off side;
54.4;?;Johnson to Roach, no run short and outside off, left alone;
54.3;2;Johnson to Roach, 2 runs on a length and outside off, Roach slaps it past the covers for two to raise the fifty partnership. Holder pats Roach;
54.2;1;Johnson to Holder, 1 run shortish and on the hips, glanced away towards long leg;
54.1;4;Johnson to Holder, FOUR runs pitched up and outside off, Holder caresses it up and over the covers. Lovely strike. He did not larrup this, just good timing;
53.6;?;Lyon to Roach, no run Lyon gives this more air on off, Roach answers with a dead bat;
53.5;?;Lyon to Roach, no run pushed through and spins in, Roach hangs back and blocks it back to the bowler;
53.4;1;Lyon to Holder, 1 run whippily driven to long-on;
53.3;6;Lyon to Holder, SIX runs clears long-off and Holder charges to his fifty off 48 balls. On a length and on off, he comes down the track and miscues the lofted stroke. It has enough legs to beat the fielder, though. Holder raises his bat;
53.2;?;Lyon to Holder, no run spins in on off with some extra lift, defended;
53.1;4;Lyon to Holder, FOUR runs fuller and outside of, Holder eases forward and drives it firmly to the left of short cover. Crunched;
52.6;1;Johnson to Holder, 1 run fuller and on middle, Holder gets an inside edge that wanders away square on the leg side;
52.5;?;Johnson to Holder, no run good length and on off, might have been a cutter. Holder gets right behind the line in defence;
52.4;2;Johnson to Holder, 2 runs on a length and outside off, Holder stays deep in the crease, clears his front leg and slaps it over the bowler. It plugs in the deep;
52.3;4;Johnson to Holder, FOUR runs full and wide outside off, Holder reaches out with his hands as he slices it in the air but clear of backward point;
52.2;?;Johnson to Holder, no run shortish and outside off, he pulls his bat inside the line;
52.1;?;Johnson to Holder, no run Johnson loses his radar as he slings it down leg;
51.6;1;Hazlewood to Holder, 1 run banged in short, Holder does not flinch. He rolls his wrists on the pull and hits it to deep backward square leg;
51.5;6;Hazlewood to Holder, SIX runs smashin' hit. Holder has come out swinging this morning. On a length and outside off, in the zone for Holder. He launches it over long-off for a six, the second of the innings;
51.4;1lb;Hazlewood to Roach, 1 leg bye veering onto the pads, he does not connect with the flick. The ball brushes the thigh and dribbles behind square leg;
51.3;?;Hazlewood to Roach, no run fuller and on middle, nudged to square leg;
51.2;?;Hazlewood to Roach, no run back of a length and on middle, defended back to the bowler;
51.1;1;Hazlewood to Holder, 1 run Hazlewood tests Holder with a bouncer. He aims for a pull and top-edges it over backward square leg. It lands well in front of Adam Voges;
50.6;?;Johnson to Roach, no run good length and angled in outside off, Roach shoulders arms;
50.5;?;Johnson to Roach, no run pitched up and on off, blocked back to the bowler;
50.4;?;Johnson to Roach, no run full and wide outside off, mistimed drive. Starc moves to his left from cover and has it covered;
50.3;?;Johnson to Roach, no run full and attacking off, Roach's solid defence intervenes;
50.2;?;Johnson to Roach, no run fullish and shaping away outside off, Roach prods from the crease and is late to pull his bat away;
50.1;?;Johnson to Roach, no run short and down leg, he can't connect with the attempted glance;
49.6;?;Hazlewood to Holder, no run fractionally short and just a smidgen outside off, dabbed down towards gully;
49.5;2;Hazlewood to Holder, 2 runs fullish and around off, Holder wants to work it away to the leg side but has to settle with a leading edge to the off side;
49.4;?;Hazlewood to Holder, no run hurled on middle and leg, ducks in a bit, jammed out to square leg;
49.3;4;Hazlewood to Holder, FOUR runs and again! Better connection here from Holder. Length ball on middle, Holder slithers away outside leg and clouts it over the covers;
49.2;?;Hazlewood to Holder, no run tight line on off, Holder gets forward and pushes it to mid-off;
49.1;4;Hazlewood to Holder, FOUR runs good length and on middle, intent from Holder and he gets four. Down the track, he aims to over mid-off and skews it over the covers off the outer half of the bat;
48.6;?;Johnson to Roach, no run oh hello.. This one kicks up from a short of a length outside off, Roach rises with it and fends it safely onto the pitch;
48.5;?;Johnson to Roach, no run does not bounce much. Full and angled away outside off, left alone. The ball scuttles through to Haddin;
48.4;2;Johnson to Roach, 2 runs full and outside off, proper shot from Roach. He tips forward and drives it to the left of the covers. He comes back for the second, third brace of the third morning;
48.3;?;Johnson to Roach, no run 137.8ks, Johnson tests Roach with a bouncer. He sinks under and evades it;
48.2;?;Johnson to Roach, no run full and angling away outside of, Roach nibbles before dragging his bat inside the line;
48.1;?;Johnson to Roach, no run pitched up and sliding away with the angle outside off, left alone;
47.6;2;Hazlewood to Holder, 2 runs good length and outside off, Holder inches forward and pats it to the left of the covers for another couple;
47.5;?;Hazlewood to Holder, no run fuller and outside off, Holder pokes, does so with soft hands, ensuring that it does not carry to second slip;
47.4;2;Hazlewood to Holder, 2 runs good length and straighter in line, Holder aims to turn to the leg side, he has to settle with a leading edge that pops wide of the covers;
47.3;?;Hazlewood to Holder, no run pitched further up and seams away off the deck outside off. Hazlewood dangles the carrot, Holder bites. He seeks to drive on the up but is beaten by the movement;
47.2;?;Hazlewood to Holder, no run good length and seams in a touch outside off, Holder does not bother with it;
47.1;?;Hazlewood to Holder, no run he straightaway explores the corridor outside off, Holder lets it pass;
46.6;W;Johnson to Permaul, OUT Johnson belts out a caught-behind appeal. Umpire Gould turns it down. Haddin is confident and Clarke wants to review. Johnson's footing is okay. There was a sound as the ball went past the bat. Good length and on a fourth-stump line, Permaul wafts at it and manages a faint edge to Haddin. Disappointing end to a disappointing day for West Indies..;Veerasammy Permaul c ?Haddin b Johnson 0 (8m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
46.5;?;Johnson to Permaul, no run fullish and on off, blocked back to Johnson;
46.4;?;Johnson to Permaul, no run drifting down leg, Permaul can't connect with the glance;
46.3;1;Johnson to Holder, 1 run back of a length and on middle and leg, Holder ventures deep in the crease and tucks it through midwicket;
46.2;?;Johnson to Holder, no run Holder has been given out lbw by umpire Gould. He reviews immediately. Full and straightens on middle, Holder manages an inside edge onto the pad, which means that the on-field call is reversed;
46.1;?;Johnson to Holder, no run full and sliding away with the angle outside off, left alone;
45.6;?;Hazlewood to Permaul, no run fuller and jags back in on of, Permaul brings his bat down and keeps it out;
45.5;W;Hazlewood to Blackwood, OUT Blackwood has thrown it away late in the day. Pitched up and outside off, Blackwood drives on the up, Warner bends forward and takes it at mid-off. Hazlewood roars;Jermaine Blackwood c Warner b Hazlewood 51 (114m 80b 7x4 1x6) SR: 63.75;
45.4;?;Hazlewood to Blackwood, no run good length and right in the channel, he plays and gets beaten before dragging his bat inside the line;
45.3;1;Hazlewood to Holder, 1 run back of a length and on middle and leg, clipped in front of square;
45.2;1;Hazlewood to Blackwood, 1 run back of a length and outside off, punchily driven past the covers;
45.1;2;Hazlewood to Blackwood, 2 runs too full and straight, Blackwood flicks it to the right of midwicket for his fifth Test fifty. Simmons applauds from the change room;
44.6;2;Watson to Holder, 2 runs on a length and outside off, Holder plays with soft hands, poking it between second slip and gully again;
44.5;?;Watson to Holder, no run much fuller and on off, Holder gets forward and blocks it to short midwicket;
44.4;4;Watson to Holder, FOUR runs back of a length and around off, Holder opens the face and runs it between the cordon and gully;
44.3;?;Watson to Holder, no run fractionally short, kept out off the back foot;
44.2;?;Watson to Holder, no run back of a length and on off, Holder hangs back and defends it to the covers;
44.1;?;Watson to Holder, no run back of a length and outside off, dabbed to the right of gully;
43.6;?;Hazlewood to Blackwood, no run cracker of a ball. Pitched up on off and cuts away late, beats the outside edge as Blackwood pushes with little feet movement. It missed the off stump by a whisker. Haddin can't believe it;
43.5;?;Hazlewood to Blackwood, no run back of a length and catches Blackwood on the thigh but this was perhaps sliding down leg with the angle. Hazlewood does not go for a review;
43.4;?;Hazlewood to Blackwood, no run Hazlewood drags his length back on off, defended off the back foot;
43.3;?;Hazlewood to Blackwood, no run wide line outside off, Blackwood lets it be;
43.2;?;Hazlewood to Blackwood, no run on a length and outside off, Blackwood protects his off stump and lets it pass;
43.1;?;Hazlewood to Blackwood, no run full and holds its line outside off, Blackwood pushes feebly and watches the ball scoot past the outside edge;
42.6;4;Watson to Holder, FOUR runs too full and straight, helped fine on the leg side for four;
42.5;?;Watson to Holder, no run good length and moving away outside off, Holder strides forward and leaves;
42.4;?;Watson to Holder, no run good length and straightens outside off, Holder hangs back, pushes lazily and gets beaten;
42.3;?;Watson to Holder, no run shortish, Holder is tucked up for room as he defends it to midwicket off the back foot;
42.2;?;Watson to Holder, no run slash and a miss to a back-of-a-length ball outside off;
42.1;?;Watson to Holder, no run full and outside off, swings away late. Holder does not want any of it;
41.6;?;Hazlewood to Blackwood, no run back of a length and nips back in from outside off to sock Blackwood on the mid-riff after beating the inside edge;
41.5;?;Hazlewood to Blackwood, no run shortish and on of, kept out off the back foot;
41.4;1;Hazlewood to Holder, 1 run lifter on off, hops up and fends it to where forward short leg may have been;
41.3;?;Hazlewood to Holder, no run length on off, Holder comes halfway forward as he blocks it back to Hazlewood;
41.2;?;Hazlewood to Holder, no run good length and just a shade outside off, dabbed with soft hands, ensuring that it does not carry to gully;
41.1;?;Hazlewood to Holder, no run Hazlewood explores the channel outside off, Holder ignores;
40.6;?;Starc to Blackwood, no run shortish and on off, Blackwood hops up and punches it towards mid-off;
40.5;?;Starc to Blackwood, no run bumper from Starc at 137ks, ducked under;
40.4;?;Starc to Blackwood, no run full on off, Blackwood drills a drive to the right of mid-off;
40.3;?;Starc to Blackwood, no run back of a length and on middle, he is squared up a touch as he pokes it to gully off an outside edge;
40.2;4;Starc to Blackwood, FOUR runs short and outside off, Blackwood gets on top of the bounce and cuts it through backward point;
40.1;4;Starc to Blackwood, FOUR runs full and on off, Blackwood hangs back, flashes a drive and gets a thick outside edge that evades the leg stump and sneaks away fine on the leg side;
39.6;?;Hazlewood to Holder, no run short and outside off, lovely carry to Haddin as Holder lets it pass;
39.5;?;Hazlewood to Holder, no run good length and outside off, Holder does not want any of it;
39.4;?;Hazlewood to Holder, no run shortish and holds its line outside off, ignored;
39.3;?;Hazlewood to Holder, no run full and in the channel outside off, leaving Holder prodding and missing;
39.2;W;Hazlewood to Ramdin, OUT Hazlewood comes back and removes Ramdin. Umpire Richard Kettleborough raises his forefinger. He doesn't review and walks off. Full and jags back in to smack Ramdin on the front pad in front of middle. Ramdin did not connect with the big drive. It would have crashed into the leg stump;Denesh Ramdin lbw b Hazlewood 8 (41m 24b 1x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
39.1;?;Hazlewood to Ramdin, no run back of a length and outside off, Ramdin loads up for a cut but can only chop it to the covers;
38.6;4;Starc to Blackwood, FOUR runs full and wide outside off, Blackwood brings out his carving knife and slices it over backward point, beats Marsh's slide in the deep;
38.5;?;Starc to Blackwood, no run short and hurries on middle, Blackwood hops up and fends it back to Starc;
38.4;?;Starc to Blackwood, no run dug in shortish and outside off, punchy stroke to backward point;
38.3;?;Starc to Blackwood, no run full and on middle, draws Blackwood into a forward-defensive push back to the bowler;
38.2;?;Starc to Blackwood, no run back of a length, he hangs back and punches it towards mid-on;
38.1;?;Starc to Blackwood, no run pitched up and on off, driven to deep mid-off with a straight bat;
37.6;?;Lyon to Ramdin, no run flat and spins in, Ramdin seeks to pull off the back foot but it rapped on the thigh. It would have bounced over the stumps;
37.5;4;Lyon to Ramdin, FOUR runs overpitched and outside off as Ramdin latches onto it. He thrashes a drive past the covers. And Nelson doesn't strike...;
37.4;?;Lyon to Ramdin, no run pushed through on off, defended back again;
37.3;?;Lyon to Ramdin, no run fuller and on middle, blocked back to the bowler;
37.2;?;Lyon to Ramdin, no run pushed through, he hangs back and inside-edges it onto his pad;
37.1;?;Lyon to Ramdin, no run flatter and spins in, pushed back to the bowler;
36.6;?;Starc to Blackwood, no run good length and angling away outside off, no shot offered;
36.5;2;Starc to Blackwood, 2 runs banged in short and climbs on an off-stump line, Blackwood skips back and pulls it over backward square leg off a top edge. Long leg tidies up, Blackwood was not in control of it;
36.4;?;Starc to Blackwood, no run 144ks, full and outside off, driven to mid-off, who is deeper than normal;
36.3;1;Starc to Ramdin, 1 run back of a length and on middle, Ramdin goes back and tucks it through midwicket;
36.2;?;Starc to Ramdin, no run shortish and outside off, angled down to gully;
36.1;?;Starc to Ramdin, no run full and angling away outside off, Ramdin shoulders arms;
35.6;?;Lyon to Blackwood, no run flatter and turns in sharply with extra bounce, catches Blackwood high on the thigh pad;
35.5;?;Lyon to Blackwood, no run fuller and on off, Blackwood prods forward in defence. Oh wait, pad first but impact was outside off;
35.4;?;Lyon to Blackwood, no run spinning down leg, he misses the pull;
35.3;1;Lyon to Ramdin, 1 run leg-stumpish ball, worked behind square on the leg side;
35.2;?;Lyon to Ramdin, no run flatter and outside off, mistimed drive back to Lyon;
35.1;?;Lyon to Ramdin, no run flighted and spins in, he misses the defence and takes it on the pad. Going down leg, though;
34.6;?;Starc to Blackwood, no run back of a length and swerves away a touch outside off, jabbing punch to short cover;
34.5;2;Starc to Blackwood, 2 runs short of a length and outside off, Blackwood is up on his tippy toes as he punches it crisply to the left of extra cover;
34.4;2;Starc to Blackwood, 2 runs low full toss on middle, which is whipped through backward square leg;
34.3;1;Starc to Ramdin, 1 run similar length and comes in, tucked behind square on the leg side;
34.2;?;Starc to Ramdin, no run back of a length and on middle, Ramdin ventures back and across as he defends it to midwicket;
34.1;?;Starc to Ramdin, no run good length and on off, forward and driven back to the bowler;
33.6;4;Lyon to Blackwood, FOUR runs length and outside off, Blackwood dances down the track and pumps it over the covers;
33.5;?;Lyon to Blackwood, no run extra bounce and fended to short leg again;
33.4;?;Lyon to Blackwood, no run flatter, blocked to short leg;
33.3;?;Lyon to Blackwood, no run flighted on off, defended;
33.2;4;Lyon to Blackwood, FOUR runs Clarke drops it at first slip. Tossed up and outside off, lures Blackwood into a drive. He gets a thick outside edge. Clarke moves to his right with both hands but can't hold on;
33.1;6;Lyon to Blackwood, SIX runs fuller and on off, down the track and dragged over the man at mid-on. Not middled, but good intent from Blackwood;
32.6;?;Johnson to Ramdin, no run speared full and outside off, jabbed to short cover;
32.5;1b;Johnson to Blackwood, 1 bye Johnson slings it down leg, Blackwood can't glance it away. Haddin is beaten again;
32.4;?;Johnson to Blackwood, no run short and on off, quelled to the covers;
32.3;4;Johnson to Blackwood, FOUR runs short and down leg, he gets a faint tickle, beating Haddin, who was diving full-length to his left;
32.2;?;Johnson to Blackwood, no run short and homing in on the ribs, Blackwood leaps up and fends it to short leg;
32.1;?;Johnson to Blackwood, no run full and targetting off, defended in front of the covers;
31.6;1;Lyon to Blackwood, 1 run turned through backward square leg again;
31.5;?;Lyon to Blackwood, no run blocked to silly-point off the back foot;
31.4;1;Lyon to Ramdin, 1 run picked away off the pads through backward square leg. Ramdin opens his account;
31.3;?;Lyon to Ramdin, no run flighted on off, defended;
31.2;4b;Lyon to Ramdin, 4 byes drifting down leg, Ramdin is beaten and so is Haddin. The outcome is four byes;
31.1;?;Lyon to Ramdin, no run quicker and outside off, Ramdin stretches forward to drive, Voges takes it on his shin pad at silly-point;
30.6;?;Johnson to Blackwood, no run offcutter outside off, ignored;
30.5;?;Johnson to Blackwood, no run pitched up and on off, Blackwood covers up in defence;
30.4;?;Johnson to Blackwood, no run dug in shortish and outside off, punched to short cover;
30.3;?;Johnson to Blackwood, no run good length and on off, punched to short cover;
30.2;?;Johnson to Blackwood, no run back of a length and on off, defended off the back foot;
30.1;?;Johnson to Blackwood, no run too full and outside off, driven to short cover;
29.6;?;Lyon to Ramdin, no run pushed through, defended;
29.5;?;Lyon to Ramdin, no run nicely tossed up, blocked carefully;
29.4;W;Lyon to Hope, OUT Lyon snares the outside edge, Hope departs for 26. Lyon gives this ample air outside off, Hope pokes as he plays inside the line and gets an outside edge. Haddin keeps his legs together and it sticks....;Shai Hope c ?Haddin b Lyon 26 (79m 63b 4x4 0x6) SR: 41.26;
29.3;?;Lyon to Hope, no run full and on off, blocked to silly point, this time off the front foot;
29.2;?;Lyon to Hope, no run extra bounce on this one on off, defended off the back foot again. He manages an inside edge onto the pad and kicks it away;
29.1;?;Lyon to Hope, no run defended to short leg off the back foot;
28.6;?;Johnson to Blackwood, no run full and speared on off, dug out to the leg side off an inside edge;
28.5;?;Johnson to Blackwood, no run full and on off, pressed to extra cover;
28.4;?;Johnson to Blackwood, no run full and fired on the leg stump at 144ks, he jams an inside edge onto the pad;
28.3;?;Johnson to Blackwood, no run similar line and length, pushed to the off side;
28.2;?;Johnson to Blackwood, no run back of a length, top-of-off line, mistimed punch to the right of Warner at cover;
28.1;?;Johnson to Blackwood, no run full tempter angling away outside off, Blackwood flirts with it before pulling out;
28.1;1nb;Johnson to Blackwood, (no ball) bouncer, ducked under. Ian Gould calls out Johnson for overstepping;
27.6;4;Lyon to Hope, FOUR runs tossed up and outside off, Hope gets a big stride forward and nails a drive past the covers. Good timing;
27.5;?;Lyon to Hope, no run full and on middle, pushed defensively to the right of Lyon;
27.4;?;Lyon to Hope, no run goes straight on outside off, Hope plays for the turn and gets beaten;
27.3;?;Lyon to Hope, no run fuller and on off, blocked to silly point;
27.2;?;Lyon to Hope, no run flighted and outside off, lures Hope into a drive. He stretches forward and misses his stroke. He manages to drag his back foot back in time and the stumping appeal is turned down;
27.1;?;Lyon to Hope, no run offbreak on off, he goes back and fends it to the right of Ramdin;
26.6;?;Johnson to Blackwood, no run pitched up and outside off, drilled to extra cover, where Warner flings to his right and makes a smart stop;
26.5;?;Johnson to Blackwood, no run short and rises on middle, Blackwood rises with it and fends it to short leg;
26.4;?;Johnson to Blackwood, no run fuller and outside off, Blackwood loads up for a cover-drive but has to settle with an an inside edge to leg;
26.3;?;Johnson to Blackwood, no run bouncer, floors Blackwood. Johnson bangs it midway down the pitch, but it does not rise much. Blackwood ducks loses his balance;
26.2;1;Johnson to Hope, 1 run pitched up and hurled on off, jabbed defensively to the off side for one;
26.1;?;Johnson to Hope, no run good length and just a shade outside off, Hope nibbles at it, the outside edge does not carry to Clarke at second slip;
25.6;2;Lyon to Blackwood, 2 runs skiddy ball outside off from Lyon, Blackwood seeks to cut but thickly edges it to Haddin. The ball hits his gloves and spills down. Tough chance;
25.5;3;Lyon to Hope, 3 runs pushed through, sliced behind point;
25.4;1;Lyon to Blackwood, 1 run quicker through the air, Blackwood goes on the back foot and chops it towards point;
25.3;?;Lyon to Blackwood, no run nicely looped up, Blackwood prods forward to defend, off the pad and pops to silly-point. Impact outside off I guess;
25.2;?;Lyon to Blackwood, no run flatter and spins in from outside off with extra lift, kept out off the back foot;
25.1;?;Lyon to Blackwood, no run tossed up on middle, blocked with bat and pad close together;
24.6;1lb;Johnson to Blackwood, 1 leg bye drifting onto the leg stump, he does not connect with the flick. Off the pad and wanders away behind square on the leg side;
24.5;4;Johnson to Blackwood, FOUR runs pitched further up and outside off, Blackwood goes for a booming drive and hits it over the covers for four;
24.4;?;Johnson to Blackwood, no run full and on off, Blackwood keeps back and defends it back to the bowler;
24.3;?;Johnson to Blackwood, no run shortish and on middle, blocked to leg;
24.2;2;Johnson to Blackwood, 2 runs back of a length and on middle, worked to the left of short leg. He stretched out his left hand but did not stick;
24.1;?;Johnson to Blackwood, no run short and angled down leg, Blackwood can't help it away;
23.6;?;Lyon to Hope, no run spins back in from outside off, Hope hangs back, looks to defend and gets an inside edge to the right of short leg;
23.5;?;Lyon to Hope, no run pushed through on off, blocked;
23.4;2;Lyon to Hope, 2 runs flighted and spins in on off, tickled behind square on the leg side off an inside edge;
23.3;?;Lyon to Hope, no run looped up on off, Hope answers with a dead bat;
23.2;?;Lyon to Hope, no run flighted offbreak on off, defended;
23.1;1;Lyon to Blackwood, 1 run shortish and spinning down leg, pulled off the back foot to deep backward square leg;
22.6;?;Starc to Hope, no run goes away with the angle outside off, no stroke offered;
22.5;?;Starc to Hope, no run bouncer outside off, Hope watches it all along before ducking under it;
22.4;?;Starc to Hope, no run short and on middle and leg, tucks up Hopes, who closes his bat face and blocks it to short leg;
22.3;?;Starc to Hope, no run back of a length and outside off, Hope watches it through to Haddin;
22.2;1;Starc to Blackwood, 1 run tucked off the pads towards midwicket;
22.2;1w;Starc to Blackwood, 1 wide bumper outside off, Blackwood leaves. Haddin leaps off his feet to collect the ball. Wide called;
22.1;?;Starc to Blackwood, no run fullish and angling away outside off, ignored;
21.6;?;Hazlewood to Hope, no run follows up the bumpy ball with a full one outside off. Hope chases it with a drive and misses;
21.5;4;Hazlewood to Hope, FOUR runs Hazlewood tests Hope with a bouncer outside off. He rocks back and hooks it over backward square leg. Decent connection from Hope..;
21.4;?;Hazlewood to Hope, no run back of a length and cuts back in from outside off, Hope jabs his bat down and manages an inner edge;
21.3;4;Hazlewood to Hope, FOUR runs full and wide outside off, right in the driving radar. Hope lunges forward and strokes it to the left of the covers;
21.2;?;Hazlewood to Hope, no run tight line on off, Hope hangs back and pats it to the covers;
21.1;?;Hazlewood to Hope, no run good length and on middle, Hopes yanks his bottom hand off the bat as he pokes it towards gully off an outside edge;
20.6;?;Starc to Blackwood, no run short and on middle, Blackwood gets behind the line in defence;
20.5;?;Starc to Blackwood, no run back of a length and on middle, blocked to leg;
20.4;1;Starc to Hope, 1 run Watson grasses it at first slip. Full and sliding away with the angle outside off at 148.4ks, Hope pokes and gets an outside edge. Watson moves to his right at first slip, attempts the catch with both hands at around chest height but it bursts though. It did travel quickly to Watson....;
20.3;?;Starc to Hope, no run well-directed short ball outside off, Hope ducks but the periscope was up there....;
20.2;?;Starc to Hope, no run full and angling away outside off, Hope leaves again;
20.1;?;Starc to Hope, no run back of a length and outside off, he does not bother with it;
19.6;?;Hazlewood to Blackwood, no run fullish and on middle, Blackwood comes halfway forward as he blocks it back to the bowler;
19.5;W;Hazlewood to Dowrich, OUT Dowrich nicks it behind. Full and curving away outside off, Dowrich can't resist his temptation. He reaches out for a drive but can only outside-edge it to Haddin. Easy catch;Shane Dowrich c ?Haddin b Hazlewood 13 (50m 31b 2x4 0x6) SR: 41.93;
19.4;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run back of a length and on middle, tapped to mid-on;
19.3;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run good length and on off, Dowrich covers up in defence;
19.2;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run bouncer, Dowrich slips under it;
19.1;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run back of a length and on middle, defensively pushed to midwicket;
18.6;?;Starc to Hope, no run pitched up and lures Hope into a drive outside off. He is beaten emphatically;
18.5;4;Starc to Hope, FOUR runs banged in short and outside off, Hope attacks it. He takes it from there and connects with a pull. Hits it to the cow-corner boundary;
18.4;?;Starc to Hope, no run good length and on off, defended to short leg off an inner edge;
18.3;?;Starc to Hope, no run 145ks, full and outside off, left alone;
18.2;1;Starc to Dowrich, 1 run another lifter, this one at 140ks, Dowrich gloves it towards where leg-gully may have been;
18.1;?;Starc to Dowrich, no run banged in short on a leg-stump line, Starc has Dowrich in a tangle. He takes his eyes off it before semi-ducking out of the way;
17.6;?;Hazlewood to Hope, no run full and outside off, driven to mid-off, straight to the fielder;
17.5;?;Hazlewood to Hope, no run back of a length and outside off, Hope watches it through to the keeper;
17.4;?;Hazlewood to Hope, no run on a length and outside off, he drills a drive straight to short cover;
17.3;2;Hazlewood to Hope, 2 runs full and sliding in with the angle, Hazlewood finds the outside edge, which sneaks away wide of gully;
17.2;?;Hazlewood to Hope, no run shortish and angled in on off, defended off the back foot;
17.1;?;Hazlewood to Hope, no run full and straightens outside off, no shot offered;
16.6;?;Starc to Dowrich, no run shortish and outside off, Dowrich hops up and quells it onto the pitch;
16.5;1;Starc to Hope, 1 run full and swerves in, Hope hangs back and manages an inside edge to the right of short leg. He gets off the mark after playing out 20 dots;
16.4;?;Starc to Hope, no run too full and too wide, does not interest Hope;
16.3;?;Starc to Hope, no run back of a length and sliding away with the angle outside off, ignored by Hope;
16.2;?;Starc to Hope, no run lifter from Starc, angled back in at the body. He takes his eyes off the ball, hooks and does not connect;
16.1;1;Starc to Dowrich, 1 run good length and on middle and leg, poked past short leg for one;
15.6;?;Hazlewood to Hope, no run probing line on off, Hope plays out a maiden, pressing it to short cover;
15.5;?;Hazlewood to Hope, no run good length and just a shade outside off, ignored again. Not all the far away from the off stump again;
15.4;?;Hazlewood to Hope, no run similar length, nips back in from outside off and just about climbs over off. Tight leave from Hope. Hazlewood collapses in his followthrough;
15.3;?;Hazlewood to Hope, no run back of a length and holds its line outside off, he covers his off stump and shoulders arms;
15.2;?;Hazlewood to Hope, no run back of a length and seams in, dabbed towards point with softish hands;
15.1;?;Hazlewood to Hope, no run good length outside off and shaping away further, Hope lets it be;
14.6;?;Starc to Dowrich, no run short and angling away wide outside off, he slashes and does not connect;
14.5;?;Starc to Dowrich, no run slanting away with the angle outside off, Dowrich lets it pass;
14.4;?;Starc to Dowrich, no run effort ball from Starc.. Bangs a bouncer at 141ks, Dowrich sinks under it;
14.3;?;Starc to Dowrich, no run good length and on off, pushed defensively to mid-off;
14.2;?;Starc to Dowrich, no run on a length and sliding away outside off, Dowrich spars at it and is beaten;
14.1;?;Starc to Dowrich, no run back of a length and outside off, dabbed to cover;
13.6;?;Hazlewood to Hope, no run Hazlewood tests Hope with a bouncer, he hooks and does not connect. His balance was awry, one hand coming off the handle;
13.5;?;Hazlewood to Hope, no run pitched up and just outside off, he lays into a drive. But Warner dives to his left and stops the ball;
13.4;?;Hazlewood to Hope, no run back of a length and comes in with the angle on off, he steps back and defends it back to Hazlewood;
13.3;?;Hazlewood to Hope, no run full and outside off, seams away further, no shot offered;
13.2;?;Hazlewood to Hope, no run back of a length and on off, blocked off the back foot;
13.1;?;Hazlewood to Hope, no run good length and straightens outside off, ignored;
12.6;4;Johnson to Dowrich, FOUR runs short and wide outside off, Dowrich hops up and cuts it firmly through point;
12.5;2;Johnson to Dowrich, 2 runs on a length and outside off, driven nicely behind point with an open face for a couple;
12.4;?;Johnson to Dowrich, no run fuller and on off, Dowrich pushes feebly and gets an inside edge onto the pad;
12.3;?;Johnson to Dowrich, no run short and hurries on middle, Dowrich hops up and fends it to short leg;
12.2;4;Johnson to Dowrich, FOUR runs straying onto the hips, Dowrich hops up and flicks it fine on the leg side, beating the fielder in the deep;
12.1;?;Johnson to Dowrich, no run full and moving away outside off, Dowrich belatedly leaves;
11.6;?;Lyon to Hope, no run straighter ball, kept out;
11.5;?;Lyon to Hope, no run fuller and defended off the front foot;
11.4;?;Lyon to Hope, no run offbreak with extra bounce, blocked off the back foot;
11.3;?;Lyon to Hope, no run pushed through, blocked;
11.2;?;Lyon to Hope, no run tossed up on off, defended to silly-point;
11.1;W;Lyon to Bravo, OUT a big appeal for lbw and umpire Richard Kettleborough gives it out. Tossed up and slides in with the angle, Bravo goes on the back foot, plays down the wrong line and misses as he is smacked on the pad in front of middle. That looked plumb and he does not want to review it.. West Indies slip to 25 for 3;Darren Bravo lbw b Lyon 14 (36m 23b 2x4 0x6) SR: 60.86;
10.6;?;Johnson to Dowrich, no run back of a length and on middle, Dowrich leaps off his feet and defends it;
10.5;?;Johnson to Dowrich, no run another lifter, the line is on off. Dowrich hops up and fends it towards gully;
10.4;?;Johnson to Dowrich, no run full and outside off, left alone;
10.3;1;Johnson to Bravo, 1 run on a length and outside off, tapped to point;
10.2;1;Johnson to Dowrich, 1 run banged in short and climbs onto Dowrich, who hops up, gets into a tangle and fends it into the air over the right of a back-tracking Voges at short leg;
10.1;1;Johnson to Bravo, 1 run full and outside off, driven sweetly to the right of mid-on. Warner dives to his right and keeps it to one;
9.6;?;Lyon to Dowrich, no run lobbed up on off, he prods forward in defence;
9.5;?;Lyon to Dowrich, no run flighted around off, defended;
9.4;?;Lyon to Dowrich, no run turns in from outside off with extra bounce, he goes on the back foot, misses the flick and takes it on the pad;
9.3;?;Lyon to Dowrich, no run turns in on off, blocked to the right of Lyon;
9.2;?;Lyon to Dowrich, no run on a length and outside off, kept out;
9.1;?;Lyon to Dowrich, no run offbreak on off, blocked off the back foot;
8.6;4;Johnson to Bravo, FOUR runs dragged short and wide outside off, sits up to be hit. Bravo rocks back and drums a pull to the left of short midwicket for his second four;
8.5;?;Johnson to Bravo, no run bumper from Johnson, Bravo ducks under it;
8.4;?;Johnson to Bravo, no run on a length and outside off, left alone;
8.3;4;Johnson to Bravo, FOUR runs back of a length and outside off, Bravo crunches it to the sweeper-cover boundary;
8.2;?;Johnson to Bravo, no run good length and on middle, blocked back to the bowler;
8.1;?;Johnson to Bravo, no run grubber. Full and outside off, does not bounce at all, beats the batsman, beats Haddin and hits the lid of the helmet for penalty runs;

Round the stumps..
 Innings Start
4:22pm: And Australia have declared.. West Indies need 392 to win with more than two days left in the Test. Marsh fell to Permaul but Smith batted with typical assurance and racked up yet another fifty before Clarke declared Australia's second innings at 212 for 2.
Bayezid: "Attacking declaration from Clarke."
PeterA disagrees. ""Wrong call, Australia! Should have upped the scoring a bit and put on another 60 odd runs."
64.6;?;Permaul to Clarke, no run extra bounce and spins outside off, Clarke rides it towards point;
64.5;1;Permaul to Smith, 1 run dropped short and wide outside off, cracked to sweeper cover;
64.4;?;Permaul to Smith, no run tossed up on middle, he advances down the track and blocks it back to the bowler;
64.3;4;Permaul to Smith, FOUR runs Smith follows up 199 in the first innings with a fifty in the second. Flatter and outside off, Smith uses the depth of the crease and cuts it handsomely through point;
64.2;?;Permaul to Smith, no run full and on middle, defended;
64.1;1;Permaul to Clarke, 1 run Clarke steps out and pats this through mid-on. There is protection in the deep, though;
63.6;1lb;Holder to Clarke, 1 leg bye good length and swerves in, Clarke does not connect with the glance and deflects it to the leg side off the pad;
63.5;?;Holder to Clarke, no run fullish and on off, Clarke presses forward in defence;
63.4;1;Holder to Smith, 1 run back of a length, turned to the right of midwicket;
63.3;1lb;Holder to Clarke, 1 leg bye Clarke misses the flick and takes this incoming ball on the pad but this was snaking down leg. The ball dribbles towards square leg;
63.2;1;Holder to Smith, 1 run full and tails in on off, driven to mid-on, where Roach dives and stops the ball;
63.1;?;Holder to Smith, no run pitched up and outside off, driven into the covers;
62.6;?;Permaul to Clarke, no run flighted, Clarke steps out and drops it onto the pitch;
62.5;1;Permaul to Smith, 1 run fuller and on of, driven through the covers for a couple of runs;
62.4;?;Permaul to Smith, no run pushed through on middle, he goes low for a sweep and misses;
62.3;?;Permaul to Smith, no run tossed up on off, defended;
62.2;6;Permaul to Smith, SIX runs on a length and just outside off, Smith nips down the track and lofts it inside out over the covers, clears Bishoo in the deep. The wind, perhaps, carries it over the ropes..;
62.1;4;Permaul to Smith, FOUR runs fuller and on off, Smith charges down the track and hacks it in the air to the right of mid-on;
61.6;1;Holder to Smith, 1 run back of a length and on off, Smith shuffles across off and he eases this behind square on the leg side;
61.5;1b;Holder to Clarke, 1 bye dragged short and down leg, poor ball from Holder;
61.4;1;Holder to Smith, 1 run on a length and around off, Smith shuffles across, twirls his wrists and flicks it over midwicket;
61.3;4;Holder to Smith, FOUR runs Holder hunts for a yorker, but pushes it too full as Smith helps it fine on the leg side;
61.2;?;Holder to Smith, no run shortish and swerving down leg, Smith gets out of the way. Smart take from Ramdin while Holder puts his hand up in apology;
61.1;?;Holder to Smith, no run good length and around off, Smith strides forward and blocks it to the covers;
60.6;?;Permaul to Clarke, no run straight ball, blocked back to the bowler;
60.5;?;Permaul to Clarke, no run angled in and straightens, Clarke answers with a dead bat;
60.4;?;Permaul to Clarke, no run angled in on middle, defended to leg;
60.3;?;Permaul to Clarke, no run pushed through outside off, chopped towards point;
60.2;?;Permaul to Clarke, no run tossed up, Clarke steps out and defends;
60.1;?;Permaul to Clarke, no run down the track and whipped to midwicket;
59.6;2;Holder to Smith, 2 runs on a length and outside off, smoothly driven past the covers;
59.5;?;Holder to Smith, no run length and outside off, Smith goes forward and across in defence;
59.4;2lb;Holder to Smith, 2 leg byes on a length and tails in, Smith steps down the track and deflects it towards long leg off the thigh;
59.3;?;Holder to Smith, no run back of a length, defended in front of the off stump;
59.2;?;Holder to Smith, no run back of a length and jags in, Smith manages an inside edge onto the pad, it dies in front of Ramdin, diving to his right;
59.1;?;Holder to Smith, no run Holder goes up for an lbw appeal. Back of a length and comes back in to strike him on the back thigh. Impact outside of and the tracker shows that the ball would have sailed over the stumps. Ramdin has a wry smile on his face and so does Holder;
58.6;1;Permaul to Smith, 1 run fullish and on the leg stump as Smith ventures down the track and flips it with the wrists to deep midwicket;
58.5;1;Permaul to Clarke, 1 run shortish and turning away outside off, cut to deep cover;
58.4;?;Permaul to Clarke, no run extra bounce outside off, skids on, left alone;
58.3;?;Permaul to Clarke, no run drifting onto the pads, turned to the leg side;
58.2;?;Permaul to Clarke, no run angled in on middle, Clarke inches forward as he defends it to the leg side;
58.1;?;Permaul to Clarke, no run slides on outside off and beats Clarke's attempted cut;
57.6;?;Taylor to Smith, no run fullish and swings in on off, Smith flicks and finds short midwicket;
57.5;?;Taylor to Smith, no run back of a length and around off, defended back to the bowler, who deflects it to short cover with his left boot;
57.4;?;Taylor to Smith, no run length and just a shade outside off, Clarke blocks it to the off side;
57.3;1;Taylor to Clarke, 1 run full and reverses in on middle, Clarke whips it through backward square leg;
57.2;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run hurled much fuller and outside off, squeezed out to the covers again;
57.1;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run full and outside off, Clarke presses forward and drives it to the covers. Not a well-timed shot, though;
56.6;?;Permaul to Smith, no run flighted with a hint of spin, Smith drops it to the off side;
56.5;?;Permaul to Smith, no run low full toss, dips in, pushed back to the bowler;
56.4;?;Permaul to Smith, no run Smith thrusts his bat in front of the pad and blocks;
56.3;?;Permaul to Smith, no run comes in with the angle, kept out;
56.2;?;Permaul to Smith, no run down the track and blocked back to the bowler;
56.1;?;Permaul to Smith, no run angled in on off, defended back to the bowler;
55.6;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run good length and outside off, Clarke tips forward and presses it to the covers;
55.5;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run tight line on off, tapped to the off side;
55.4;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run low full toss just outside off, pushed to the covers;
55.3;4;Taylor to Clarke, FOUR runs too full and swerves in on the leg stump, Clarke flicks behind square leg. Permaul, who is rather finer, chases and dives in vain;
55.2;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run yorker, tails in, squeezed to short midwicket;
55.1;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run low full toss on off, pushed back to the bowler who stretches his left hand and deflects it to mid-off;
54.6;?;Brathwaite to Smith, no run spinning down leg at 90.2ks, Smith misses the glance;
54.5;?;Brathwaite to Smith, no run down the track and clipped to Holder at short midwicket;
54.4;1;Brathwaite to Clarke, 1 run flatter and on middle and leg, Clarke has ample time to step back and nudge it behind square;
54.3;?;Brathwaite to Clarke, no run defended to cover in front of off stump;
54.2;?;Brathwaite to Clarke, no run full and on off, driven to mid-off;
54.1;?;Brathwaite to Clarke, no run flighted and just outside off, blocked to the covers;
53.6;2;Permaul to Smith, 2 runs dropped shortish and width on offer as well, Smith cracks it in front of square on the off side for a couple;
53.5;?;Permaul to Smith, no run skiddy ball on off, blocked off the back foot;
53.4;1;Permaul to Clarke, 1 run flat on off, Clarke goes on the back foot and milks one behind square on the leg side;
53.3;?;Permaul to Clarke, no run straight ball on middle, kept out;
53.2;?;Permaul to Clarke, no run pushed through on middle, poked to the leg side off an inside edge;
53.1;1;Permaul to Smith, 1 run Smith ventures deep in the crease, fetches this from outside off and short-arm pulls it to deep square leg;
52.6;4;Brathwaite to Clarke, FOUR runs pitched up and on off, Clarke nips down the track, meets the pitch of this one and caresses it to the left of mid-off. Lovely timing and equally impressive placement;
52.5;?;Brathwaite to Clarke, no run outside off, Clarke is happy to kick it away with his pad;
52.4;?;Brathwaite to Clarke, no run pushed through, defended with bat and pad close together;
52.3;?;Brathwaite to Clarke, no run flatter and quicker, defended;
52.2;?;Brathwaite to Clarke, no run forward and dabbed to the covers;
52.1;?;Brathwaite to Clarke, no run offbreak on off, knocked to the off side;
51.6;?;Permaul to Smith, no run flatter and on middle, he keeps back and punches it towards square leg;
51.5;?;Permaul to Smith, no run pushed through outside off, Clarke gets an inside edge to the leg side;
51.4;1;Permaul to Clarke, 1 run full and on middle, Clarke drops it in front of the covers and gets off the mark;
51.3;?;Permaul to Clarke, no run pitched outside leg and turns away, kept out;
51.2;?;Permaul to Clarke, no run straight roller on middle, Clarke prods forward in defence;
51.1;?;Permaul to Clarke, no run pushed through on the pads, Clarke misses the flick;
50.6;?;Brathwaite to Smith, no run Smith seeks to punch but mistimes it to the covers;
50.5;?;Brathwaite to Smith, no run down the track and worked to the left of Holder at short midwicket;
50.4;?;Brathwaite to Smith, no run good length and outside off, tapped to the covers;
50.3;?;Brathwaite to Smith, no run flatter in trajectory, pushed back to Brathwaite;
50.2;?;Brathwaite to Smith, no run held this one back outside off, blocked;
50.1;?;Brathwaite to Smith, no run spins in, blocked to the leg side;
49.6;W;Permaul to Marsh, OUT Marsh falls for 69... Permaul gives this air outside off, Marsh advances down the track, does not meet the pitch and drags it to short midwicket off the inner half of the bat. Holder hops up and takes a smart catch to his right;Shaun Marsh c Holder b Permaul 69 (188m 153b 9x4 1x6) SR: 45.09;
49.5;?;Permaul to Marsh, no run hurrying ball on off, blocked to cover off the back foot;
49.4;?;Permaul to Marsh, no run goes on with the angle on middle, defended;
49.3;1;Permaul to Smith, 1 run tucked off the hips to the right of midwicket now;
49.2;?;Permaul to Smith, no run flatter and on middle, Smith keeps back and ticks it to midwicket;
49.1;?;Permaul to Smith, no run leg-stumpish ball, he does not connect with the glance;
48.6;4;Brathwaite to Marsh, FOUR runs darted short and wide outside off at 92.2ks, Marsh puts it away. He rocks back and cuts it emphatically, beating backward point to his left;
48.5;?;Brathwaite to Marsh, no run pushed through on off, Marsh presses forward in defence;
48.4;?;Brathwaite to Marsh, no run tossed up on off, defended;
48.3;1;Brathwaite to Smith, 1 run fuller and on off, down the track and flicked to the right of midwicket;
48.2;1;Brathwaite to Marsh, 1 run Marsh turns this flat ball to the leg side;
48.1;1;Brathwaite to Smith, 1 run straighter on middle, helped behind square leg;
47.6;1;Permaul to Smith, 1 run back of a length and spinning away, Smith keeps back and punches it to long-off for one;
47.5;2;Permaul to Smith, 2 runs straighter in line, Smith reverse-sweeps, Dowrich dives to his left at backward point, makes a half-save, chases and limits it to two;
47.4;?;Permaul to Smith, no run tossed up on middle, down the track and quietly defended to short midwicket;
47.3;?;Permaul to Smith, no run on a length and on off, Smith skips back and blocks it to the covers;
47.2;?;Permaul to Smith, no run Smith stays back and tucks this to square leg;
47.1;?;Permaul to Smith, no run pitched outside leg and turns away to hit the back pad;
46.6;?;Brathwaite to Marsh, no run grips in the surface and turns away, perhaps off the rough and zips past the outside edge. Good extra bounce as well..;
46.5;?;Brathwaite to Marsh, no run lobbed up outside off, Marsh skips out and pushes it back to the bowler;
46.4;?;Brathwaite to Marsh, no run flatter on off, down the track and clipped to mid-on;
46.3;1;Brathwaite to Smith, 1 run worked in front of square for a speedy one;
46.2;?;Brathwaite to Smith, no run pushed through on middle, keeps low, blocked;
46.1;?;Brathwaite to Smith, no run on a length on off, defended;
45.6;?;Permaul to Marsh, no run left alone outside off;
45.5;?;Permaul to Marsh, no run tossed up on middle, defended;
45.4;?;Permaul to Marsh, no run full and on middle, bunted to the leg side;
45.3;?;Permaul to Marsh, no run pushed through outside off, Marsh keeps back and cuts it to the right of backward point;
45.2;1;Permaul to Smith, 1 run flat on leg stump with extra bounce, touched behind square on the leg side;
45.1;?;Permaul to Smith, no run fuller and on middle, dabbed defensively in front of midwicket;
44.6;4;Brathwaite to Marsh, FOUR runs darted flat on the pads, Marsh goes deep in the crease and forces it away to the left of midwicket for four;
44.5;?;Brathwaite to Marsh, no run Marsh steps out and bunts it to extra-cover;
44.4;?;Brathwaite to Marsh, no run slides on just outside off, pushed back to the bowler;
44.3;?;Brathwaite to Marsh, no run looped up outside off, leaving Marsh prodding and missing;
44.2;?;Brathwaite to Marsh, no run flatter and on middle, blocked to leg;
44.1;1;Brathwaite to Smith, 1 run full and on middle, turned to midwicket;
43.6;1;Permaul to Smith, 1 run flatter and spins in, Smith sits back and punches it to mid-on, where the fielder fumbles and gifts a single;
43.5;?;Permaul to Smith, no run angled in on off, defended from the crease;
43.4;1;Permaul to Marsh, 1 run flatter and on the hips, flicked wide of midwicket;
43.3;1;Permaul to Smith, 1 run down the track and glanced in front of short fine leg;
43.2;4;Permaul to Smith, FOUR runs floated up outside off, Smith flits down the track and thrashes it over the man at mid-off. He hits with the spin and profits;
43.1;?;Permaul to Smith, no run good length on off, Smith hangs back and defends;
42.6;?;Brathwaite to Marsh, no run shortish and skiddy outside off, Marsh ponders a cut before belatedly letting it pass;
42.5;?;Brathwaite to Marsh, no run lobbed up, he comes forward to defend;
42.4;?;Brathwaite to Marsh, no run pushed through outside off and turns before sliding past the groping blade;
42.3;?;Brathwaite to Marsh, no run slower through the air outside off, pressed to short cover;
42.2;1;Brathwaite to Smith, 1 run down the track and eased to the left of a diving short midwicket to long-on;
42.1;?;Brathwaite to Smith, no run flighted on off, Smith shuffles across and clips it to short midwicket;
41.6;?;Blackwood to Marsh, no run down the track and drilled to the man at cover;
41.5;4;Blackwood to Marsh, FOUR runs dragged short and outside off, sits up to be hit. Marsh stands tall and punches it strongly past the covers;
41.4;?;Blackwood to Marsh, no run quicker and spinning away, cut to the right of extra-cover;
41.3;?;Blackwood to Marsh, no run slides on and stays low outside off, ignored;
41.2;1;Blackwood to Smith, 1 run tucked away behind square leg for one;
41.1;4b;Blackwood to Smith, 4 byes tossed up, alarming turn, Smith does not connect with the glance after shuffling across. Ramdin is beaten as well with the ball sneaking away fine on the leg side;
40.6;?;Roach to Marsh, no run on a fuller length and outside off, Marsh shoulders arms;
40.5;?;Roach to Marsh, no run close to off as this jabs in, Marsh does not bother with it;
40.4;?;Roach to Marsh, no run on a length and outside off, Marsh mis-hits a drive to the left of short cover. Not sure if the fielder finger-tipped it away. Mid-off has it covered;
40.3;?;Roach to Marsh, no run back of a length and on middle, Marsh triggers forward and across as he pushes it to mid-on;
40.2;1;Roach to Smith, 1 run Roach ventures wide of the crease and bowls it too full and too straight, Smith walks across and flicks it to long leg;
40.1;?;Roach to Smith, no run shortish and outside off, Smith gets on top of the bounce and blocks it to the covers;
39.6;?;Blackwood to Marsh, no run shortish and outside off, Marsh aims for a cut but has to settle with a chop to extra-cover;
39.5;?;Blackwood to Marsh, no run looped up on middle, Marsh inches forward and defends;
39.4;?;Blackwood to Marsh, no run slides on off, Marsh goes back and punches it to short cover again;
39.3;?;Blackwood to Marsh, no run back of a length and turning away, punched to short cover;
39.2;?;Blackwood to Marsh, no run turning away outside off, chopped to backward point;
39.1;?;Blackwood to Marsh, no run looped up on off, Marsh is forward to smother it;
38.6;2;Roach to Smith, 2 runs nips back in, Smith squirts it to the leg side off the inside part of the bat and comes back for two;
38.5;?;Roach to Smith, no run on a length and comes in with the angle on middle and leg, strikes Smith on the front pad as he nearly topples over. Sliding down leg;
38.4;4;Roach to Smith, FOUR runs full and outside off, he shifts his balance onto the front foot and drives it handsomely to the left of short cover, the fielder gives the chase, slides but his effort proves futile. 200 for Smith. He gets off the mark with a four;
38.3;?;Roach to Smith, no run angled in on a fourth-stump line, back of a length, punchily blocked back to the bowler;
38.2;?;Roach to Smith, no run yorker length and on off, jammed out to short midwicket;
38.1;?;Roach to Smith, no run full and angled in on off, Smith drives to mid-on;
37.6;?;Blackwood to Marsh, no run straight roller on off, pushed to mid-off;
37.5;4;Blackwood to Marsh, FOUR runs down the track, takes it on the full and whips it past short midwicket, outruns the chasing mid-on fielding. Good strike;
37.4;?;Blackwood to Marsh, no run on a length and on off, Marsh blocks off the front foot;
37.3;?;Blackwood to Marsh, no run quicker through the air on off, Marsh presses forward to defend;
37.2;?;Blackwood to Marsh, no run flighted, blocked back to the bowler;
37.1;?;Blackwood to Marsh, no run fullish and on off, forward press towards cover;
36.6;?;Roach to Smith, no run pitched up and on off, patted to the covers;
36.5;?;Roach to Smith, no run on a length and outside off, blocked to the covers;
36.4;?;Roach to Smith, no run fullish and just a shade outside off, he shuffles across and blocks it;
36.3;W;Roach to Warner, OUT Roach takes out Warner.. Banged in short and moves away outside off, Warner aims to pull it away over the leg side but is timing is foiled as he loses his shape; the bottom hand is yanked off the bat. He skews it in the air. Ramdin calls for it and calmly settles under it after taking a couple of steps forward. It perhaps bounced more than Warner expected;David Warner c ?Ramdin b Roach 62 (149m 110b 7x4 1x6) SR: 56.36;
36.2;3;Roach to Marsh, 3 runs good length and on off, Marsh twirls his wrists and flicks it to the left of mid-on. A bit of tag-team work keeps it to three. Marsh gets to a fifty of his own;
36.1;?;Roach to Marsh, no run full and outside off, Marsh eases forward and drives it sweetly to the right of Holder at short cover;
35.6;4;Blackwood to Warner, FOUR runs ends the over with another tripe long hop that is deposited to the midwicket boundary with a power-packed pull off the back foot;
35.5;?;Blackwood to Warner, no run straighter on middle, Warner comes forward and defends it back to Blackwood;
35.4;?;Blackwood to Warner, no run quicker on off, jabbed defensively to mid-off;
35.3;?;Blackwood to Warner, no run pushed back to the bowler;
35.2;?;Blackwood to Warner, no run slides on outside off, left alone;
35.1;6;Blackwood to Warner, SIX runs starts off with a triple long-hop outside off, Warner keeps back and pummels a pull over cow corner;
34.6;?;Roach to Marsh, no run length and outside off, Marsh hunts for another drive, this time he inside-edges it onto his pad;
34.5;2;Roach to Marsh, 2 runs short of a length and on middle, Marsh neatly tucks it through backward square leg for a couple;
34.4;?;Roach to Marsh, no run wide line outside off, left alone;
34.3;?;Roach to Marsh, no run hurled on a yorker length and outside off, slides past the bat as Marsh does not connect with the drive;
34.2;?;Roach to Marsh, no run on a length and outside off, Marsh stands tall as he punchily drives it to mid-off;
34.1;1;Roach to Warner, 1 run picked away off the pads to deep midwicket as Warner jogs off to the other end;
33.6;?;Brathwaite to Marsh, no run fuller and on middle, Marsh is happy to sit back and defend;
33.5;?;Brathwaite to Marsh, no run darted flat and outside off, cut away to backward point as Marsh keeps back.;
33.4;?;Brathwaite to Marsh, no run flatter on middle, patted back to the bowler;
33.3;?;Brathwaite to Marsh, no run fractinally short, punched back to the bowler;
33.2;?;Brathwaite to Marsh, no run tossed up and on middle, down the track and defended to leg off an inside edge;
33.1;?;Brathwaite to Marsh, no run straight roller on middle, tapped to leg;
32.6;?;Roach to Warner, no run pitched up, mighty full on off, driven back to Roach;
32.5;?;Roach to Warner, no run shortish and outside off, Warner lets it be;
32.4;?;Roach to Warner, no run sprayed miles wide outside off, Warner does not bother with it;
32.3;?;Roach to Warner, no run on a length and outside off, driven on the rise to short cover;
32.2;?;Roach to Warner, no run full and wide outside off, Warner reaches out with his hands for a flamboyant drive and misses as he is beaten by seam movement;
32.1;?;Roach to Warner, no run shortish and on middle, Warner keeps back and defensively pushes it to mid-on;
31.6;1;Brathwaite to Warner, 1 run quicker and outside off, late-cut to the right of backward point;
31.5;?;Brathwaite to Warner, no run back of a length and on off, punchily defended to the off side off the back foot;
31.4;?;Brathwaite to Warner, no run flicked to short midwicket from an off-stump line;
31.3;?;Brathwaite to Warner, no run pushed through outside off, chopped in front of backward point;
31.2;?;Brathwaite to Warner, no run turning away outside off with extra bite from the rough, left alone;
31.1;?;Brathwaite to Warner, no run fired on off, driven back to the bowler;
30.6;?;Roach to Marsh, no run wide line outside off, mistimed drive to Holder at short cover;
30.5;?;Roach to Marsh, no run full and outside off, forward and driven to mid-off;
30.4;?;Roach to Marsh, no run short and wide outside off at 128ks, sticks in the pitch. He loads up for a cut and gets a bottom edge that dies in front of the keeper;
30.3;4;Roach to Marsh, FOUR runs back of a length and outside off, late-cut nicely between backward point and gully. 100 up for Australia;
30.2;?;Roach to Marsh, no run length and on off, pushed back to the bowler;
30.1;1;Roach to Warner, 1 run fifty for David Warner. Fractionally short and wide outside off, firmly cut away to the sweeper-cover boundary. Clarke applauds from the balcony. Marsh shakes hands with Warner;
29.6;1;Brathwaite to Warner, 1 run flatter and on middle, nudged to midwicket for one;
29.5;1;Brathwaite to Marsh, 1 run down the track and driven to cover, who deflects it towards mid-off;
29.4;?;Brathwaite to Marsh, no run full and on middle, he steps out and drives. The man at cover dives to his left and makes a smart stop;
29.3;?;Brathwaite to Marsh, no run slid through on off, run away to backward point off the face;
29.2;1;Brathwaite to Warner, 1 run worked in front of square on the leg side off an inside edge as Warner prods forward;
29.1;?;Brathwaite to Warner, no run fuller and on middle, defended towards mid-on;
28.6;1;Taylor to Warner, 1 run tap-and-run single in front of mid-off. Alert running between the wickets;
28.5;?;Taylor to Warner, no run back of a length and on middle, squirted to mid-on;
28.4;?;Taylor to Warner, no run shortish and just a shade outside off, Warner mis-hits the punch to mid-off;
28.3;?;Taylor to Warner, no run on a length and just a shade outside off, driven to mid-off;
28.2;?;Taylor to Warner, no run good length, a bit wide outside off. Warner drives away from the body and gets an outside edge that does not carry to gully;
28.1;?;Taylor to Warner, no run pitched up and outside off, Warner gets forward, bends his knee as he drives it to backward point;
27.6;?;Brathwaite to Marsh, no run round-armish on middle close to 90ks, blocked back to the bowler as Brathwaite begins with a maiden;
27.5;?;Brathwaite to Marsh, no run full and on middle, defended in front of midwicket off an inside edge;
27.4;?;Brathwaite to Marsh, no run skiddy on off with some extra bounce, Marsh hangs back and drops it to the off side;
27.3;?;Brathwaite to Marsh, no run slides on with the arm on middle, pushed to the right of the bowler;
27.2;?;Brathwaite to Marsh, no run darted down leg, he misses the glance;
27.1;?;Brathwaite to Marsh, no run straight ball on middle, defended back to Brathwaite;
26.6;?;Taylor to Warner, no run full and on middle, Warner jab-whips it to mid-on. Not well-timed;
26.5;?;Taylor to Warner, no run near yorker, dips in on off, dug out to the off side;
26.4;4;Taylor to Warner, FOUR runs dug in shortish and outside off, Warner arches back, waits on it before steering it past gully. Deftly done;
26.3;?;Taylor to Warner, no run back of a length and on middle, defended;
26.2;2;Taylor to Warner, 2 runs full and wide outside off, Warner reaches out and drives it towards sweeper cover;
26.1;2;Taylor to Warner, 2 runs full and wide outside off, driven crisply to the right of short cover. Holder (he is back on the field) there got a finger tip to it;
25.6;4b;Permaul to Marsh, 4 byes non-turning ball outside of, he prods and misses. The ball sneaks through the legs of Ramdin;
25.5;6;Permaul to Marsh, SIX runs pushed through outside off, Marsh flits down the track and slaps it down the ground, first six of this innings;
25.4;4;Permaul to Marsh, FOUR runs slides on outside off, Marsh aims for a cut and thickly edges it wide of first slip to third man;
25.3;1;Permaul to Warner, 1 run pushed through on the pads, semi-flicked and semi-pulled to deep backward square leg;
25.2;4;Permaul to Warner, FOUR runs full and outside off, Warner dances down the track and punchily drives it through the covers. Nimble footwork;
25.1;1;Permaul to Marsh, 1 run looped up on middle, Marsh skips out and flicks it neatly to long-on;
24.6;?;Taylor to Warner, no run full and wide outside off, Warner reaches out for a sliced drive. Blackwood dives across to his right and stops the ball. Sharp work;
24.5;1;Taylor to Marsh, 1 run short and on the hips, tucked to long leg;
24.4;?;Taylor to Marsh, no run hurled full and on middle, squeezed to short cover;
24.3;?;Taylor to Marsh, no run good length and on off, Marsh goes forward and across to defend it back to the bowler;
24.2;?;Taylor to Marsh, no run full and on middle and leg, whipped to midwicket;
24.1;?;Taylor to Marsh, no run good length and angled in on middle, poked towards backward point;
23.6;4;Permaul to Warner, FOUR runs Warner brings out the reverse-sweep and sends it behind point from an off-stump line;
23.5;?;Permaul to Warner, no run slid through outside off, Warner hangs back and misses the cut. Ramdin is beaten as well;
23.4;1;Permaul to Marsh, 1 run fuller, he skips out and works a single to leg;
23.3;?;Permaul to Marsh, no run clipped to midwicket from an off-stump line;
23.2;?;Permaul to Marsh, no run tossed up on middle, down the track and tucked to midwicket;
23.1;4;Permaul to Marsh, FOUR runs flat and full outside off, down the track and flayed to the deep cover boundary;
22.6;2;Taylor to Warner, 2 runs Warner rides the bounce of this short ball outside off and steers it to the right of backward point;
22.5;?;Taylor to Warner, no run fractionally short and on off, turned with the wrists in front of mid-on;
22.4;?;Taylor to Warner, no run dug in on a back of a length and outside off, guided to point off the face of the bat;
22.3;?;Taylor to Warner, no run on a length and outside off, left alone;
22.2;?;Taylor to Warner, no run sprayed down leg, Warner does not connect with the flick;
22.1;2;Taylor to Warner, 2 runs back of a length and on the hips, tucked through backward square leg. Warner wants two and gets it;
21.6;2;Permaul to Marsh, 2 runs Marsh advances down the track, does not get close to the pitch and tickles it past leg gully off an inside edge;
21.5;1;Permaul to Warner, 1 run flat and outside off, tapped in front of point;
21.4;?;Permaul to Warner, no run pushed through on middle and leg, he goes back to defend;
21.3;1;Permaul to Marsh, 1 run tucked away off the pads behind square;
21.2;?;Permaul to Marsh, no run drifts away and turns in a bit, Marsh prods halfway forward and gets an inside edge onto the pad;
21.1;1;Permaul to Warner, 1 run flat on the leg stump, swat-pulled to deep square leg;
20.6;?;Holder to Marsh, no run full and straight on middle, Marsh tips forward and pushes it to mid-on;
20.5;?;Holder to Marsh, no run short and on middle, not much legs on it. Marsh fends it in front of point;
20.4;1;Holder to Warner, 1 run back of a length and on middle and leg, Warner nurdles a single to the left of short midwicket;
20.3;?;Holder to Warner, no run on a length and on middle, blocked to short midwicket;
20.2;?;Holder to Warner, no run back of a length, pushed to the covers;
20.1;4;Holder to Warner, FOUR runs half-tracker outside off, Warner cashes in his cheque as he back-cuts it over backward point;
19.6;?;Permaul to Marsh, no run even flatter and just a shade outside off, Marsh sinks to one knee for a sweep but does not connect, wearing it on his body;
19.5;?;Permaul to Marsh, no run flatter and quicker, defended to the off side;
19.4;?;Permaul to Marsh, no run straight ball on middle, down the track and clipped to short midwicket;
19.3;1;Permaul to Warner, 1 run dangles this up invitingly outside off, Warner skips out as he drives to extra-cover;
19.2;?;Permaul to Warner, no run pushed through on off, poked to the left of slip off an outer edge;
19.1;?;Permaul to Warner, no run floaty ball on middle, defended;
18.6;?;Holder to Marsh, no run good length and on a fourth-stump line, Marsh strides forward and blocks it to short cover;
18.5;?;Holder to Marsh, no run back of a length and angled in just outside off, Marsh lets it go;
18.4;?;Holder to Marsh, no run shortish and straightens outside off, Marsh wafts and misses;
18.3;1;Holder to Warner, 1 run Holder tests Warner with a well-directed lifter, Warner takes his eyes off the ball and hooks it over square leg. Not controlled, though;
18.2;?;Holder to Warner, no run back of a length and outside off, Warner protects his off stump and shoulders arms;
18.1;?;Holder to Warner, no run shortish and angled in on middle, blocked to the off side;
17.6;2;Permaul to Marsh, 2 runs flat dart at 91.8ks, Marsh skips back and whips it away in front of square on the leg side;
17.5;?;Permaul to Marsh, no run turns in and Permaul holds this one back. Marsh steps out and keeps it out though he was not close to the pitch of the ball;
17.4;?;Permaul to Marsh, no run flighted on middle, Marsh skips down and works it to short midwicket again;
17.3;?;Permaul to Marsh, no run down the track and tucked to short midwicket;
17.2;?;Permaul to Marsh, no run quicker through the air and on middle, poked past short leg;
17.1;?;Permaul to Marsh, no run fuller and on off, pressed out in front of point;
16.6;?;Holder to Warner, no run angled in on a length, Warner misses the flick and takes it on the back thigh. Slipping down leg;
16.5;?;Holder to Warner, no run angled in outside off from round the wicket, Warner prods at it and is beaten soundly;
16.4;?;Holder to Warner, no run back of a length and largely holds its line outside off, Warner spars at it and gets beaten;
16.3;?;Holder to Warner, no run short and outside off, left alone. Nice carry to Ramdin;
16.2;?;Holder to Warner, no run back of a length and close to off, Warner knows the whereabouts of it and leaves;
16.1;1;Holder to Marsh, 1 run too full and straight, flicked through midwicket;
15.6;2;Permaul to Warner, 2 runs pushed through just a shade outside off, goes straight on, Warner plays for the turn and pokes it in front of slip off an outside edge. Bravo fumbles and lets it sneak away to third man;
15.5;?;Permaul to Warner, no run flatter and spins back in off the rough, Warner loads up for a cut and ends up chopping it to point as he yanked one hand off the bat;
15.4;?;Permaul to Warner, no run grips in the surface and spins in, Warner is caught on the crease as he defends it awkwardly;
15.3;4;Permaul to Warner, FOUR runs hint of width outside off, Warner advances down the track and drives it beautifully between the covers and mid-off;
15.2;?;Permaul to Warner, no run tossed up and turns in with a bit of extra bounce, Warner goes back, misses the defensive push and wears it on the thigh;
15.1;?;Permaul to Warner, no run loopy ball around off, Warner prods forward in defence;
14.6;?;Holder to Marsh, no run banged in short, he hops up and fends it to the off side;
14.5;?;Holder to Marsh, no run fractionally short and on a fourth-stump line, Marsh blocks carefully;
14.4;?;Holder to Marsh, no run very full and on off, brings Marsh forward into a defensive push back to Holder;
14.3;?;Holder to Marsh, no run back of a length and outside off, dabbed to the covers;
14.2;?;Holder to Marsh, no run much fuller and on off, he strides forward and pushes it to the off side;
14.1;?;Holder to Marsh, no run shortish and outside off, left alone;
13.6;1;Permaul to Marsh, 1 run tickled to short fine leg for one;
13.5;?;Permaul to Marsh, no run length ball, poked to short leg;
13.4;1;Permaul to Warner, 1 run Warner dances down the track, does not meet the pitch of this flighted ball that spins in outside off. He closes the face and just about chips it over Roach who was running back from mid-off;
13.3;?;Permaul to Warner, no run spins in, flat in trajectory and Warner goes back as he punches it to off;
13.2;?;Permaul to Warner, no run non-turning ball on middle, blocked back;
13.1;1;Permaul to Marsh, 1 run drifting onto the pads, nudged behind square on the leg side off an inside edge. They hustle across for a single. Marsh calls for another run via overthrow but Warner had run far back and wasn't interested;
12.6;?;Holder to Warner, no run back of a length and on middle, Warner gets right behind the line and blocks it neatly;
12.5;?;Holder to Warner, no run pitched up and angled in on off, Warner seeks to drive through the covers and gets an inner edge towards mid-on;
12.4;?;Holder to Warner, no run keeps it short, the line is on middle, Warner fends it back to the bowler;
12.3;?;Holder to Warner, no run short and climbs on top of off, Warner hops up and quells it to the covers;
12.2;?;Holder to Warner, no run short and outside off, extra lift on this. Warner watches it through to Ramdin;
12.1;?;Holder to Warner, no run back of a length and sliding down leg, Warner can't connect with the glance. Off the thigh pad to Ramdin. The muffled appeal is shot down;
11.6;?;Permaul to Marsh, no run good length and on the pads, flicked to the leg side;
11.5;2;Permaul to Marsh, 2 runs dragged shortish, jabbing punch from Warner as Holder mis-fields it, he is lazy to bend low at short midwicket;
11.4;?;Permaul to Marsh, no run pushed through on off and spins back in, Marsh works it behind square leg off the back foot;
11.3;?;Permaul to Marsh, no run fuller and on middle, knocked to midwicket;
11.2;1;Permaul to Warner, 1 run pushed through on middle, nudged in front of square for one;
11.1;?;Permaul to Warner, no run flatter and on middle and leg, whipped towards midwicket off the back foot;
10.6;?;Holder to Marsh, no run back of a length on middle, Marsh shuffles across and keeps it out;
10.5;?;Holder to Marsh, no run full and angling away outside off, no shot offered;
10.4;?;Holder to Marsh, no run back of a length and wide outside off, Marsh lets it be;
10.3;2;Holder to Marsh, 2 runs pitched up and outside off, he lunges forward and creams it to the right of the covers. Good stride forward;
10.2;?;Holder to Marsh, no run fullish and angled in on off, worked to square leg off the inner half of the bat;
10.1;?;Holder to Marsh, no run back of a length and angled in from round the stumps, defended back to the bowler;
9.6;?;Permaul to Warner, no run extra bounce on this, he goes on the back foot and fends it to short leg;
9.5;?;Permaul to Warner, no run tossed up on middle, blocked;
9.4;?;Permaul to Warner, no run down the track, Warner does not meet the pitch of it as he quietly squirts it to the off side;
9.3;1;Permaul to Marsh, 1 run pushed through flat on middle, punched to the left of mid-on;
9.2;?;Permaul to Marsh, no run flighted on off, defended off the back foot;
9.1;1;Permaul to Warner, 1 run drifting into the pads, tucked to midwicket;
8.6;?;Holder to Marsh, no run too full and on off, pressed back to the bowler;
8.5;?;Holder to Marsh, no run back of a length and outside off, Marsh swishes his bat out of the way;
8.4;4;Holder to Marsh, FOUR runs pitched up and outside off, Marsh loves it there. He leans into the drive and sends it whistling into the gap at the covers;
8.3;1;Holder to Warner, 1 run back of a length and on middle and leg, tucks up Warner for room. He aims for a flick and squirts it behind square leg;
8.2;?;Holder to Warner, no run shortish and outside off, left alone;
8.1;?;Holder to Warner, no run good length and on off, Warner goes back and blocks it to the off side;

Here is Holder. Taylor has a chat with him.
 Innings Start
The Australian players pose with the trophy. That's all we have for you. Thanks for joining us and do keep coming back. Until next time, ta ta, cheerio...
Steven Smith is the Man of the Match while Josh Hazlewood is the Man of the Series.
1:24pm Australia retained the Sir Frank Worrell Trophy inside three days at Windsor Park. They have wrapped up the second Test inside four days at Sabina Park to sweep the series 2-0. Clinical!
Ramdin and Permaul offered some semblance of resistance, delaying the inevitable with a 49-run partnership, the highest of the innings. Johnson then came back and had Ramdin nicking it to the cordon, after which Lyon ripped out the tail with two wickets in two balls.
Hazlewood and Starc bowled with great pace and accuracy and were well complemented by Johnson and Lyon. George Binoy's report will give you a better picture. Also watch out for analyses from Dan Brettig.
Murali: "Smith: 253/1. WI: 334/20. Tells a story."
Fletch: "Woke in Sydney at 4am. Worked my way through it thoroughly to the current over and in a couple of balls it was all over. Well done to the Aussies, but a disappointing performance from West Indies. They need to bring back Shiv."
Tapos: "Two pairs in same match, has it happened before?" --- Yep. Well, here is a game where three batsmen made pairs.
41.6;W;Lyon to Taylor, OUT Lyon cleans up the tail. Taylor bags a pair of his own. Australia sweep the series 2-0. Flighted offbreak from Lyon, Taylor goes for an almighty swipe across the line. He does not connect as Lyon rattles the middle stump;Jerome Taylor b Lyon 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
41.5;W;Lyon to Roach, OUT Looped up and spins in. Good dip to boot. Roach presses forward to defend and gets an inner edge onto the pad, which lobs to short leg. Simple catch and umpire Gould nods his head;Kemar Roach c Smith b Lyon 3 (5m 9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
41.4;?;Lyon to Roach, no run 85ks and turning down leg;
41.3;?;Lyon to Roach, no run impressive dip on this offbreak, Roach blocks;
41.2;?;Lyon to Roach, no run turning down leg, Haddin does not collect it cleanly, deflecting to short leg;
41.1;?;Lyon to Roach, no run tossed up on off, Roach comes forward to defend and gets an inside edge to leg;
40.6;1;Johnson to Roach, 1 run dug in short and attacks the body, fended wide of short leg. Voges moves across to his left, sticks his hand out. But the ball does not stick;
40.5;?;Johnson to Roach, no run fuller on off, poked out towards point;
40.4;2;Johnson to Roach, 2 runs fullish and on off, pushed through vacant mid-off. They take two by the time Johnson runs back and gets to the ball;
40.3;?;Johnson to Roach, no run short and on middle, defended in front of short leg;
40.2;W;Johnson to Ramdin, OUT and Johnson strikes. So does Nelson. Good length outside off with a hint of away movement, Ramdin pokes and feeds an outside edge to second slip, where Clarke bends forward to collect it, low to his right. Johnson draws level with Craig McDermott;Denesh Ramdin c Clarke b Johnson 29 (104m 74b 3x4 0x6) SR: 39.18;
40.1;1;Johnson to Permaul, 1 run shortish and fired on the ribs, Permaul leaps off his feet and fends it behind square on the leg side;
39.6;?;Hazlewood to Ramdin, no run short of a length and cuts in on off, Ramdin stands tall as he punchily defends it to mid-off;
39.5;?;Hazlewood to Ramdin, no run angled in on middle, defended back to the bowler;
39.4;?;Hazlewood to Ramdin, no run length and outside off, Ramdin wants to thrash a drive but ends up mis-hitting it to mid-off;
39.3;?;Hazlewood to Ramdin, no run back of a length and on off, Ramdin goes on the back foot as he fends it back to Hazlewood;
39.2;?;Hazlewood to Ramdin, no run bouncer on on off-stump line, variation in length. Cross-seamer. Ramdin shelves the hook and yanks his head out of the way;
39.1;?;Hazlewood to Ramdin, no run back of a length and nips back in a tad, Ramdin, who is nailed to the crease, gets away with an inside edge onto the pad. It rolls wide of the off stump;
38.6;1;Starc to Ramdin, 1 run back of a length and angling away, punched wide of the covers;
38.5;1;Starc to Permaul, 1 run short and on the ribs, he hops up and turns it towards midwicket;
38.5;1nb;Starc to Permaul, (no ball) pitched up and on off, driven to mid-off. And Starc has overstepped;
38.4;4b;Starc to Permaul, 4 byes Starc's radar is all haywire, he slings it miles wide down leg. No chance for Haddin;
38.3;?;Starc to Permaul, no run shortish and outside off, played to gully with soft hands;
38.2;?;Starc to Permaul, no run near-yorker length on off, squeezed to mid-on;
38.1;?;Starc to Permaul, no run angled in, fullish on off, dabbed to gully with soft hands;
37.6;?;Hazlewood to Ramdin, no run good length and seams in, pushed defensively to short midwicket;
37.5;4lb;Hazlewood to Ramdin, 4 leg byes full and moves in on leg, Ramdin can't glance it away. Off the pad and wanders away fine on the leg side. 100 up for the hosts;
37.4;?;Hazlewood to Ramdin, no run Hazlewood drags his length back on middle, Ramdin camps back and fends it to the leg side;
37.3;4;Hazlewood to Ramdin, FOUR runs edged and sneaks away through third slip. Good length and Hazlewood explores the channel, Ramdin is crease-bound as he fiddles with it and nicks it to the right of Clarke;
37.2;2lb;Hazlewood to Ramdin, 2 leg byes back of a length and cuts back in, tickled fine on the leg side. No bat involved, deflected off the thigh pad;
37.1;?;Hazlewood to Ramdin, no run on a length and outside off, ignored;
36.6;4;Starc to Permaul, FOUR runs much fuller and outside off, Permaul pushes from the crease and gets an outside edge that flies to the right of Clarke at second slip. Permaul wears a wry smile on his face, Starc fires a few verbal volleys. No third slip to snap that up...;
36.5;2;Starc to Permaul, 2 runs angled in fullish and on off, a bit of inward movement. Permaul wants to drive through the off side but drags it to the leg side off the inner half of the bat;
36.4;2;Starc to Permaul, 2 runs pitched further up and outside off at 141ks, he sits back in the crease and chips it over mid-off. The ball plugs in the deep;
36.3;?;Starc to Permaul, no run yorker outside off, Permaul is late to bring his bat down. He jabs and misses;
36.2;?;Starc to Permaul, no run fullish and outside off, Permaul drives loosely and gets beaten;
36.1;4b;Starc to Permaul, 4 byes Starc slings it down leg, eludes a diving Haddin and runs away for 4 byes;
35.6;?;Hazlewood to Ramdin, no run on a length and outside off, Ramdin throws his bat at a drive and misses;
35.5;?;Hazlewood to Ramdin, no run cuts back in on middle, Ramdin brings bat down and squirts it to the leg side off an inside edge. Ramdin was crease-bound and was a touch squared up;
35.4;2;Hazlewood to Ramdin, 2 runs on a length and outside off, Ramdin goes for an airy drive. Hit up and over a leaping short cover;
35.3;2;Hazlewood to Ramdin, 2 runs too full and straight, Ramdin leans across and flicks it to deep midwicket;
35.2;1;Hazlewood to Permaul, 1 run on a length and angled in on middle, milked backward of square on the leg side;
35.1;?;Hazlewood to Permaul, no run full and holds its line outside off, Permaul hangs back and presses it to point with an open face;
34.6;?;Starc to Ramdin, no run angled in on a fuller length, Ramdin jams it onto the pitch. The ball balloons off the pitch and hits his shoulder;
34.5;?;Starc to Ramdin, no run Starc fires a yorker just outside off at 142ks, dips under the jabbing bat;
34.4;?;Starc to Ramdin, no run speared on off, Ramdin jabs it to mid-on off the inside half of the bat;
34.3;3;Starc to Permaul, 3 runs on a length and tails in on middle and leg, Permaul competently clips it through midwicket for three;
34.2;1;Starc to Ramdin, 1 run pitched up and outside off, Ramdin strides forward and drives it past a diving short cover. Mid-off moves back and across to his left to hunt it down;
34.1;?;Starc to Ramdin, no run Full and comes in with the angle from round the stumps, Ramdin gets forward as he pushes it down to mid-off;
33.6;?;Watson to Permaul, no run beaten soundly. Pitched on off and swerves away past the groping blade;
33.5;?;Watson to Permaul, no run back of a length and outside off, chopped straight to gully;
33.4;?;Watson to Permaul, no run fullish and Watson knocks on the corrdor. Permaul isn't interested;
33.3;?;Watson to Permaul, no run short and skids on off with extra zip and bounce. Permaul pulls his bottom hand off the bat as he fends it to the off side;
33.2;1;Watson to Ramdin, 1 run back of a length and on middle and leg, Ramdin stays back as he clips it through backward square leg;
33.1;?;Watson to Ramdin, no run shortish and angled in on middle, Ramdin camps back and fends it to the leg side;
32.6;?;Starc to Permaul, no run angled in from outside off and straightens as Permaul pokes and misses. He was caught on the crease. It was not far away from the off stump;
32.5;?;Starc to Permaul, no run low full toss, dips in on off, pushed back to the bowler;
32.4;?;Starc to Permaul, no run short and wide outside off, he lets it be;
32.3;?;Starc to Permaul, no run angled in full and attacking off, squeezed out to the covers;
32.2;?;Starc to Permaul, no run short and rises on off, dropped towards the covers;
32.1;?;Starc to Permaul, no run Starc ventures wide of the crease and angles it outside off from round the wicket, Permaul aims for a drive away from the body and gets beaten;
31.6;?;Watson to Ramdin, no run shortish and on middle, tapped to short midwicket;
31.5;?;Watson to Ramdin, no run fullish, angled in and straightens just outside off, Ramdin drives and misses as the ball passes the outside edge;
31.4;?;Watson to Ramdin, no run bouncer, effort ball from Watson. Watson ducks under it;
31.3;?;Watson to Ramdin, no run angled in on off, pressed into the covers;
31.2;?;Watson to Ramdin, no run back of a length and outside off, Ramdin pulls his bat inside the line and lets it pass;
31.1;?;Watson to Ramdin, no run fullish and pushed outside off, no shot offered;
30.6;?;Starc to Permaul, no run back of a length and slanting away outside off, ignored;
30.5;?;Starc to Permaul, no run hurled in on a near-yorker length and wide outside off, Permaul can't squeeze it out;
30.4;4;Starc to Permaul, FOUR runs dug in short and wide outside off, Permaul cuts and finds the gap between the cordon and gully. He rolled his wrists to keep it down;
30.3;?;Starc to Permaul, no run short and down leg, he misses the flick;
30.2;4;Starc to Permaul, FOUR runs fullish and outside off, Permaul has a crack at it. He slices it behind point for four;
30.1;?;Starc to Permaul, no run back of a length and zipping through outside off with extra bounce, beats the outside edge;
29.6;?;Watson to Ramdin, no run full and tails in, pushed to the leg side;
29.5;1;Watson to Permaul, 1 run much shorter, lifter. He gets into a tangle and fends it behind square;
29.4;?;Watson to Permaul, no run fractionally short, blocked;
29.3;W;Watson to Holder, OUT Soft, soft dismissal. Starc pouches it at short midwicket, definition of a dolly. Fullish and on middle and leg, Holder seeks to flick it away. This one sticks in the pitch and Holder plays a touch early, ends up chipping it limply to Starc;Jason Holder c Starc b Watson 1 (12m 9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 11.11;
29.2;?;Watson to Holder, no run back of a length, extra lift outside off. Holder shoulders arms;
29.1;1;Watson to Ramdin, 1 run shortish and on middle, tucked behind square on the leg side;
28.6;1;Johnson to Ramdin, 1 run too full and outside off, driven between the two short-cover fielders. Replays actually showed that Smith had fumbled;
28.5;?;Johnson to Ramdin, no run pitched up and on off, forward defence back to Johnson;
28.4;?;Johnson to Ramdin, no run angled in on a fourth-stump line, pushed to short cover;
28.3;4;Johnson to Ramdin, FOUR runs banged in short and wide outside off, Ramdin leaps off his feet, gets on top of the bounce and cuts it firmly through backward point;
28.2;?;Johnson to Ramdin, no run shortish and climbs on off, he hangs back and fends it onto the pitch;
28.1;?;Johnson to Ramdin, no run back of a length and outside off, punched to the covers;
27.6;?;Watson to Holder, no run full and just outside off, authentic drive to the covers;
27.5;?;Watson to Holder, no run Watson darts this one back in, Holder misses the flick and is smacked on the pad. This would have bounced over leg/ possibly sliding down;
27.4;?;Watson to Holder, no run full and wide outside off, Holder is crease-bound as he pushes lazily and gets beaten;
27.3;?;Watson to Holder, no run back of a length and around off, defended to the covers;
27.2;?;Watson to Holder, no run shortish, dabbed to point;
27.1;?;Watson to Holder, no run good length and shaping away outside off, Holder just watches it through to the keeper;
26.6;1;Johnson to Holder, 1 run similar ball, ducks back in, Holder pushes and gets an inner edge that evades the leg stump and wanders away fine on the leg side;
26.5;W;Johnson to Hope, OUT Johnson leaps for joy. He is mobbed by his team-mates. After a few short balls, Johnson hits the fuller length. This one cuts in from outside off. Hope inches forward to block but Johnson shoots through the gate and nails off. Hopes did not account for the sharp inward movement and plays the penalty;Shai Hope b Johnson 16 (68m 36b 2x4 0x6) SR: 44.44;
26.4;?;Johnson to Hope, no run angled in just outside off, left alone;
26.3;1;Johnson to Ramdin, 1 run banged in short and tucks up Ramdin for room. He fends it fine on the leg side;
26.2;?;Johnson to Ramdin, no run bouncer angled into Ramdin at 144.7ks, he manages to duck under, evading it;
26.1;1;Johnson to Hope, 1 run short and angled into the body, Hope attempts a pull and mis-hits it to long leg;
25.6;?;Lyon to Ramdin, no run flatter and spins back in as he leans back and punches it to the covers;
25.5;?;Lyon to Ramdin, no run lovely flight around off, Ramdin shuffles across as he works it to the leg side;
25.4;?;Lyon to Ramdin, no run spins back in on middle, he hangs back and tucks it away past midwicket;
25.3;?;Lyon to Ramdin, no run pitched up and on middle, forward and driven back to the bowler;
25.2;?;Lyon to Ramdin, no run flighted on off, blocked back to Lyon;
25.1;1;Lyon to Hope, 1 run full and on middle from round the wicket, tapped to long-on;
24.6;?;Johnson to Ramdin, no run shortish and comes in with the angle outside off, Ramdin can't resist his temptation. He pushes with firm hands and gets away. The ball eludes the outside edge;
24.5;2;Johnson to Ramdin, 2 runs full and outside off, driven to the left of two catching overs;
24.4;?;Johnson to Ramdin, no run slides in with the angle on off, pushed back to the bowler;
24.3;4;Johnson to Ramdin, FOUR runs slings it short and presents width outside off, Ramdin flashes a cut through backward point and takes four;
24.2;?;Johnson to Ramdin, no run angled outside off on a back of a length, Ramdin lets it be;
24.1;?;Johnson to Ramdin, no run fullish and just a shade outside off, driven back to the bowler. Not off the middle, though;
23.6;?;Lyon to Hope, no run gorgeous loop and turns in around off, Ramdin presses forward to smother it;
23.5;1;Lyon to Ramdin, 1 run flatter and outside off, whipped to the right of mid-on;
23.4;?;Lyon to Ramdin, no run Ramdin comes forward and inside-edges this offbreak onto the pad;
23.3;?;Lyon to Ramdin, no run flighted on off, Ramdin lunges forward in defence;
23.2;?;Lyon to Ramdin, no run looped up on off, Ramdin shuffles across to defend to leg;
23.1;?;Lyon to Ramdin, no run flatter in trajectory, blocked to the bowler off the back foot;
22.6;1lb;Johnson to Ramdin, 1 leg bye veering onto the leg stump, he does not connect with the glance. Rolls away off the pad to long leg;
22.5;?;Johnson to Ramdin, no run wide line outside off, Ramdin flashes a drive and misses. He just reached out with his hands and din't connect;
22.4;?;Johnson to Ramdin, no run bumper angled in, Ramdin sinks under it;
22.3;?;Johnson to Ramdin, no run hurled full on off, mistimed drive towards mid-on;
22.2;?;Johnson to Ramdin, no run angled full and wide outside off, Ramdin chases with a feeble drive and drags it to the bowler off the inner part of the bat;
22.1;?;Johnson to Ramdin, no run tight line on off, blocked back to the bowler;
21.6;?;Lyon to Hope, no run nice dip, fullish and on off, he strides forward to smother it;
21.5;?;Lyon to Hope, no run spins back in with extra bounce, diffused to the off side;
21.4;?;Lyon to Hope, no run flatter and on off, jabbed to short midwicket, diving save to his left;
21.3;?;Lyon to Hope, no run Lyon gives this more air, defended;
21.2;?;Lyon to Hope, no run pushed through on middle, tapped to mid-on;
21.1;4;Lyon to Hope, FOUR runs a real warm-up ball. Dropped short and wide outside of, Hope rocks back and cuts it backward of point. Sweetly timed;
20.6;?;Johnson to Ramdin, no run angled in on a shortish length, Ramdin camps back and blocks to the covers;
20.5;1lb;Johnson to Hope, 1 leg bye too full and straight, he misses the flick and the ball sneaks away to leg off the thigh;
20.4;1;Johnson to Ramdin, 1 run tight, tight single. Shortish and skids on off, defended punchily in front of mid-off. There was a brief hesitation in the middle as Ramdin paused before taking off again. Warner attacked the ball but failed to effect a direct hit at the bowlers' end;
20.3;?;Johnson to Ramdin, no run fullish and just a shade outside off, Ramdin inches forward and defends it back to the bowler;
20.2;?;Johnson to Ramdin, no run pitched up and outside off, left alone;
20.1;?;Johnson to Ramdin, no run back of a length and outside off from round the stumps, ignored;
19.6;?;Hazlewood to Hope, no run good length and curves in, played defensively to short cover;
19.5;?;Hazlewood to Hope, no run back of a length and comes in on middle, Hope keeps back and blocks it in front of mid-on;
19.4;1;Hazlewood to Ramdin, 1 run fuller and tails in, Ramdin goes for a drive, he does so loosely and manages an inside edge that dribbles past the leg stump. It wanders away behind square;
19.3;2;Hazlewood to Ramdin, 2 runs full and wide outside off, Ramdin strides forward and drives it through the covers for a couple. He opens his account;
19.2;?;Hazlewood to Ramdin, no run good length and wide outside off, Ramdin swishes his bat out of the way;
19.1;1;Hazlewood to Hope, 1 run back of a length and cuts back in, poked behind square leg off the inside half of the bat;
18.6;?;Johnson to Ramdin, no run tight line on off, blocked in front of mid-off;
18.5;1;Johnson to Hope, 1 run shortish and on a leg-stump line, he rises with it and rolls his wrists. Pulled to deep fine leg;
18.4;?;Johnson to Hope, no run fractionally shortish and on off, Hope drops it in front of the covers;
18.3;?;Johnson to Hope, no run slanting away outside off with the angle, ignored;
18.2;?;Johnson to Hope, no run back of a length and on middle, defended back to the bowler;
18.1;?;Johnson to Hope, no run fullish and on a fourth-stump line, Hope pulls his bottom hand off the bat as he blocks it back to the bowler;
17.6;?;Hazlewood to Ramdin, no run Hazlewood drifts this down leg, smart take from Haddin;
17.5;?;Hazlewood to Ramdin, no run good length and comes in on off, defended;
17.4;W;Hazlewood to Blackwood, OUT Fifty in the first innings, duck in the second. Hazlewood gets Blackwood. Pitched further up and nips in on off, teasing line. Blackwood is lured into a meek push, he doesn't move his feet either. All he can do is to chop it back onto the leg stump off a bottom edge. West Indies are sliding quickly;Jermaine Blackwood b Hazlewood 0 (9m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
17.3;?;Hazlewood to Blackwood, no run angled in full and on middle, draws the batsman into a defensive push;
17.2;?;Hazlewood to Blackwood, no run good length and he plugs away outside off, left alone;
17.1;?;Hazlewood to Blackwood, no run fullish and angled in, Blackwood comes halfway forward and blocks it in front of mid-on;
16.6;?;Starc to Hope, no run good length and zipping away outside off with the angle, he spars and misses;
16.5;?;Starc to Hope, no run back of a length and on off, dabbed into the covers;
16.4;4;Starc to Hope, FOUR runs 141ks yorker on off from Starc, Hope jabs his bat down and squirts it through the legs of Clarke at second slip;
16.3;?;Starc to Hope, no run back of a length and slanting away outside off with the angle, no shot offered;
16.2;?;Starc to Hope, no run shortish and angled across, he aims to fend it away before pulling his bat inside the line;
16.1;2;Starc to Hope, 2 runs full and wide outside off, Hope reaches out with his hands and mis-hits a drive wide of the covers for a couple. They should have pressed for the third;
15.6;?;Hazlewood to Blackwood, no run angled in on a back of a length, defended towards mid-on off the back foot;
15.5;W;Hazlewood to Bravo, OUT Hazlewood reaps reward for disciplined bowling. Good length and straightens around off, Bravo pushes at it with rather firm hands and edges it to gully, where Marsh holds onto a nice, low catch. West Indies stumble to 27 for 4;Darren Bravo c Marsh b Hazlewood 11 (67m 49b 0x4 1x6) SR: 22.44;
15.4;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run overpitched and Hazlewood gets away with it as Bravo drives and finds short cover;
15.3;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run bumper, Bravo watches it all along before ducking under it;
15.2;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run full and comes back in, Bravo is caught on the crease as he gets an inside edge onto the pad;
15.1;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run shortish and outside off, ignored;
14.6;?;Starc to Hope, no run back of a length, defended;
14.5;1;Starc to Bravo, 1 run very full and on middle, Bravo aims to flick but checks his shot and ends up chipping it in the air. Johnson pre-meditated, moving to his left at mid-on. He moves to the right belatedly but the ball dies;
14.4;?;Starc to Bravo, no run back of a length and on middle, Bravo gets right behind the line and blocks it back to the bowler;
14.3;?;Starc to Bravo, no run back of a length and on off, pushed defensively to the covers;
14.2;1;Starc to Hope, 1 run shortish and outside off, Hope hops up and fends it to the right of second slip. It does not carry to Smith;
14.2;1w;Starc to Hope, 1 wide sprayed wide outside off, Haddin dives full-length to his right to collect the ball;
14.1;?;Starc to Hope, no run pitched up and on off, Hope leaves some gap between the bat and the pad as he mistimes a drive back to Starc;
13.6;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run full and outside off, Bravo shoulders arms;
13.5;2;Hazlewood to Bravo, 2 runs good length and just a shade outside off, Bravo guides it wide of gully;
13.4;1;Hazlewood to Hope, 1 run this one cuts back in on off, Dowrich jams his bat down and manages an inside edge towards fine leg;
13.3;?;Hazlewood to Hope, no run fuller and with some away movement, driven to the covers;
13.2;?;Hazlewood to Hope, no run on a length and just outside off, dabbed to gully;
13.1;?;Hazlewood to Hope, no run fullish and on off, blocked towards the covers;
12.6;1lb;Starc to Hope, 1 leg bye swings in on the pads, Hope does not connect with another flick. The ball wanders away to the leg side;
12.5;?;Starc to Hope, no run speared full and outside off, Hope leaves it;
12.4;?;Starc to Hope, no run another full inswinger again, raps him on the pad. Umpire Richard Kettleborough shakes his head. Clarke goes for a review. He was perhaps talked into it by Starc and Haddin. Smacked on the front pad in front on the leg stump. This was slipping down leg. It had pitched marginally outside leg too. Good call from Richard Kettleborough;
12.3;W;Starc to Dowrich, OUT inswinger from Starc, Dowrich is gone. Pitched up and curves back in rather late, Dowrich does not connect with the attempted across-the-line flick. The ball rips through and cannons into off. Replays show that the ball kissed the back pad and then hit the furniture. Poor shot selection from Dowrich, though;Shane Dowrich b Starc 4 (45m 31b 0x4 0x6) SR: 12.9;
12.2;?;Starc to Dowrich, no run full and wide outside off, left alone;
12.1;1b;Starc to Bravo, 1 bye Starc bangs this one down the leg side. Haddin can't collect it cleanly;
11.6;2;Hazlewood to Dowrich, 2 runs Hazlewood tests Dowrich with a lifter, he hops up and aims to fend it away. It might have popped off the glove I guess. It does not carry and evades Haddin, who was diving to his right. Replays showed that the ball actually struck the back arm of a leaping Dowrich. Effort ball with loads of shoulder from Starc;
11.5;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run fullish and on off, Dowrich covers up in defence;
11.4;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run full and drifts onto the pads, Dowrich misses the flick and takes it on the pad. This was sliding down leg;
11.3;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run back of a length and on off, Dowrich shifts his balance onto the back foot and blocks it to short cover;
11.2;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run good length and angled in, pushed defensively to the off side;
11.1;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run on a length and outside off, Dowrich ignores it;
10.6;?;Starc to Bravo, no run back of a length, top of off line, dabbed down to gully with soft hands;
10.5;?;Starc to Bravo, no run tight line on off, pressed to the off side;
10.4;?;Starc to Bravo, no run back of a length and on middle, some inward movement, worked to short midwicket;
10.3;?;Starc to Bravo, no run 144.6ks, very full and tails in on middle, Bravo keeps it out with a straight bat, though he did not move his feet much;
10.2;?;Starc to Bravo, no run pitched up and outside off, left alone;
10.1;?;Starc to Bravo, no run fullish and outside off, no shot offered;
9.6;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run good length and Hazlewood sustains the away movement outside off, left alone;
9.5;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run full and wide, curves away late as Dowrich tightens his technique and shoulders arms;
9.4;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run beautiful rhythm from Hazlewood. Back of a length and seams away outside off with extra lift, beats the outside edge;
9.3;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run full and a bit wide outside off, ignored;
9.2;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run Hazlewood shortens his length, Dowrich hangs back and defends it in front of mid-on;
9.1;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run good length and shapes away outside off, left alone;
8.6;?;Starc to Bravo, no run full and largely holds its line outside off, Bravo does not want any of it;
8.5;?;Starc to Bravo, no run banged in shortish on a leg-stump line, Bravo leaves it, off the hips and sneaks away fine on the leg side;
8.4;?;Starc to Bravo, no run 144ks, full inswinger from Starc, Bravo was late to bring his bat down and squirts it to the leg side;
8.3;?;Starc to Bravo, no run pitched up and Starc explores the channel outside off, Bravo protects his off stump and shoulders arms;
8.2;?;Starc to Bravo, no run back of a length with a hint of shape away from Bravo, who lets it pass;
8.1;1;Starc to Dowrich, 1 run inswinger, but Starc strays on the pads, clipped away towards long leg;
7.6;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run lovely loop on off, Bravo wafts and nearly nicks it off to the keeper. This teaser just about spins past the outer edge. It wasn't far away from the off stump either;
7.5;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run quicker one, turns away outside off and beats the outside edge as Bravo pokes and misses;
7.4;6;Lyon to Bravo, SIX runs tossed up invitingly outside off, Bravo hits through the line and launches it over mid-off;
7.3;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run slides on outside off, he watches it through to the keeper;
7.2;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run on a length and turning away, Bravo sits back and blocks;
7.1;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run looped up outside off, dabbed to slip with soft hands;
6.6;?;Johnson to Dowrich, no run shortish and tucks up Dowrich, he aims to fend it but does not get bat on it. Off the thigh and pops to short leg;
6.5;1lb;Johnson to Bravo, 1 leg bye hurled on the leg-stump line, he is caught on the crease as he misses the flick and wears it on the thigh;
6.4;1lb;Johnson to Dowrich, 1 leg bye slings it down leg, off the pad and runs away past Haddin, diving to his left;
6.3;?;Johnson to Dowrich, no run good length and on a fourth-stump line, dabbed to the covers;
6.2;1;Johnson to Bravo, 1 run tucked off the pads to long leg;
6.2;1w;Johnson to Bravo, 1 wide bumper outside off, Bravo half-ducks. Wide for too much legs on it;
6.1;1;Johnson to Dowrich, 1 run back of a length and angling away outside off, punched to the left of the covers as Dowrich gets off the mark after 12 balls;
5.6;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run loopier on off, driven back to the bowler;
5.5;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run tossed up on middle, defended back to the bowler;
5.4;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run Bravo has been given out lbw by umpire Gould. He chats with Dowrich and goes for a review. Straight roller on middle, Bravo prods forward and misses as he is rapped on the front pad in front of middle, hit below the knee-roll. No edge/tickle on that. The tracker shows that it would have sailed over the stumps. Extra bounce saves Bravo and the on-field verdict is reversed;
5.3;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run tossed up and dips in, blocked back;
5.2;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run offbreak, punchily defended to point;
5.1;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run lobbed up on a fourth-stump line, defended;
4.6;?;Starc to Dowrich, no run back of a length and zipping through just outside off, lovely carry to Haddin. Left alone by Dowrich;
4.5;4b;Starc to Dowrich, 4 byes Starc loses his radar and swings it wide down the leg side. No chance for Haddin;
4.4;?;Starc to Dowrich, no run fast bouncer angling across Dowrich, who hops up and drops his wrists on it;
4.3;?;Starc to Dowrich, no run short and rises on off, Dowrich rises with it and quells it in front of gully;
4.2;?;Starc to Dowrich, no run back of a length and on middle, Dowrich leaps off his feet and fends it back to the bowler;
4.1;?;Starc to Dowrich, no run fullish and holds its holds its line outside off, he protects his off stump and lets it pass;
3.6;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run fuller and on off, Bravo taps it towards point;
3.5;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run bounce and sharp turn! Lovely flight and spins away past the groping blade of Bravo;
3.4;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run Bravo camps back and mis-hits the punch to short cover;
3.3;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run good length and spinning away, Bravo is crease-bound as he steers it to point;
3.2;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run flatter and spinning away outside off, punched to point;
3.1;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run lobbed up on middle, blocked to off;
2.6;?;Starc to Dowrich, no run back of a length and on middle, defended to short leg;
2.5;?;Starc to Dowrich, no run full and angling away outside of, Dowrich watches it through to the keeper;
2.4;?;Starc to Dowrich, no run Starc shortens his length outside off, Dowrich gets on top of the bounce and dabs it to the covers;
2.3;?;Starc to Dowrich, no run pitched up and shaping away outside off, Dowrich sits back, pokes and misses;
2.2;?;Starc to Dowrich, no run hurled full and wide outside off, Dowrich shoulders arms;
2.1;?;Starc to Dowrich, no run lifter whizzes off the deck outside off, Dowrich drops his wrists on it;
1.6;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run good length and on off, driven straight to cover;
1.5;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run swerving down leg again, Bravo glances and mises;
1.4;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run back of a length and outside off, Bravo does not bother with it;
1.3;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run Hazlewood slips it down leg again, left alone;
1.2;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run back of a length and close to off, ignored;
1.1;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run short and down leg, Bravo lets it be;
0.6;W;Starc to Chandrika, OUT Chandrika bags an unwanted pair on debut. Double-strike from Starc, leaves West Indies at 1 for 2. On a fullish length and outside off, Chandrika drives while he is on the move and gets a thickish outside edge. Marsh bends forward at gully and snaps up a sharp, low catch;Rajendra Chandrika c Marsh b Starc 0 (5m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
0.5;?;Starc to Chandrika, no run inswinger on off, poked to the leg side off an inside edge;
0.4;1;Starc to Bravo, 1 run swinging in on the pads, neat flick through midwicket;
0.3;W;Starc to Brathwaite, OUT Starc strikes in the first over.. Wicket off the third ball after the declaration. Full and a bit wide outside off, Brathwaite drives loosely with little feet movement. He can only drag it back onto the stumps off an inside edge. The middle stump is tilted back. Chandrika bagged a duck in the first innings, Brathwaite out without scoring in the second;Kraigg Brathwaite b Starc 0 (2m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
0.2;?;Starc to Brathwaite, no run good length and straightens outside off, Brathwaite sits back, hangs his bat out and gets beaten;
0.1;?;Starc to Brathwaite, no run very full and Starc swings this back in to strike a hopping Brathwaite on the pad;

4:31pm Australia will have eight overs to have a crack at West Indies. Starc will open for the visitors; Chandrika and Brathwaite for West Indies.
 Innings Start