Data
It is McGrath's last time at Gabba. He talks to Healy on the sidelines, " It felt great. Hopefully I don't have to come out to bat."
Diarmid is clearly upset. "What a disgrace, it should be mandatory for Australia to bat first when playing England. At least I would get to see some of the match when I get home." As someone said once, Cricket, against Australia, is proof that the English are masochistic. Maybe he was right.
It is going to be a long lunch break. Hopefully the chase would last that long. Catch you in a while.
41.6;W;White to Dalrymple, OUT There you go. England shot out for 155. The awful summer continues. Short of length, outside the off stump, Dalrymple could have pulled it anywhere but he decides this is the time to end the misery and hits it right at the throat of long on.;Jamie Dalrymple c Johnson b White 31 (70m 51b 2x4 0x6) SR: 60.78;
41.5;?;White to Dalrymple, no run floated on the leg stump line, flicked to right of Michael Clark midwicket who dives to make the stop;
41.4;?;White to Dalrymple, no run;
41.3;1;White to Anderson, 1 run slides this one again on the legs, worked towards square-leg for a single;
41.3;1w;White to Anderson, 1 wide googly but again down the leg side;
41.2;1;White to Dalrymple, 1 run floated on the off stump line, lapped around the corner, Anderson almost turns blind for the second run, and is sent back. Wise move. He just about dives into the crease.;
41.1;1;White to Anderson, 1 run top spinner on the middle and leg, tucked towards square-leg. The camera pans to Vaughan and Collingwood sitting outside. Some of the crowd cheer, some jeer...;
41.1;1w;White to Anderson, 1 wide slips that down leg side. Wide called.;
40.6;?;Bracken to Dalrymple, no run sailing through the channel outside off, Dalrymple tries the one-day dab shot, misses.;
40.5;1;Bracken to Anderson, 1 run slightly slower in pace, on the middle stump line, Anderson doesn't move his feet, is keeping that while he bowls, just shovels this one into midwicket;
40.4;?;Bracken to Anderson, no run Bouncer! Bracken digs it in, Anderson withdraws his bat from the line and the ball just whizzes past his face. Smell the leather!;
40.3;?;Bracken to Anderson, no run full in a length, just outside the off stump, Anderson leans forward, pushes it out into the cover region.;
40.2;?;Bracken to Anderson, no run;
40.1;1;Bracken to Dalrymple, 1 run Fullish, outside off stump, driven to deep cover.;
35.6;?;Symonds to Tremlett, no run in the channel outside the off stump and Tremlett plays it away towards gully;
35.5;1;Symonds to Dalrymple, 1 run good length delivery, driven off the front-foot to the long-off region;
35.4;?;Symonds to Dalrymple, no run;
35.3;1;Symonds to Tremlett, 1 run cut away off the back-foot to the point region;
35.2;1;Symonds to Dalrymple, 1 run fuller in length and Dalrymple drives it hard into the track, ball bounces over the bowler and they scamper through for a single;
35.1;?;Symonds to Dalrymple, no run good length delivery outside the off stump, Dalrymple gets well forward and defends it down watchfully;
34.6;1;Lee to Dalrymple, 1 run turned away off the back-foot to the square leg region, easy single to end the over;
34.5;4;Lee to Dalrymple, FOUR runs even better! good length delivery outside the off stump and Dalrymple lofts it away to the cover fence. Good hit through the line and he comfortably cleared the fielder inside the circle.;
34.4;2;Lee to Dalrymple, 2 runs short of a good length delivery and this time he cuts it away through point;
34.3;?;Lee to Dalrymple, no run short rising delivery outside the off stump and Dalrymple leaves it through to the keeper;
34.2;2;Lee to Dalrymple, 2 runs fuller length delivery outside the off stump and Dalrymple drives it past the fielder at cover, nicely opened the face of the bat at the point of impact to get the placement right;
34.1;?;Lee to Dalrymple, no run good length delivery outside the off stump, driven away towards cover;
39.6;?;White to Anderson, no run perfect forward defence. Head over the ball and all that jazz;
39.5;2lb;White to Anderson, 2 leg byes tossed up on the middle stump line, Anderson sweeps it past square-leg. Will get two.;
39.4;?;White to Anderson, no run realises he is just Anderson, leaves this delivery outside off stump all alone;
39.3;?;White to Anderson, no run Cut and miss. Close to the off stump line, Anderson thinks he can cut ala Lara and is beaten;
39.2;?;White to Anderson, no run;
39.1;?;White to Anderson, no run floated on the off stump line, defended off the front foot&;
38.6;1;Bracken to Anderson, 1 run pushed past the fielder at point and Anderson is off the mark.;
38.5;W;Bracken to Lewis, OUT got'm! and once again it's the slower ball that does the trick. Low fulltoss on the middle and off stump line. Lewis jams his bat down, probably he thought it was the yorker. Ball hits the bottom part of the bat and spoons up straight back to the bowler.;Jon Lewis c & b Bracken 1 (6m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
38.4;?;Bracken to Lewis, no run good length delivery, angling across and Lewis drives it away towards cover;
38.3;1;Bracken to Dalrymple, 1 run again worked away on the leg side for an easy single;
38.2;2;Bracken to Dalrymple, 2 runs good length delivery on the pads and Dalrymple clips it away through midwicket;
38.1;1;Bracken to Lewis, 1 run edged away behind the stumps on the off side, Hayden at wide first slip fails to time his jump properly and the ball rolls down to third man, looked like he got a touch on it;
33.6;?;Symonds to Tremlett, no run bouncer to end the over and Tremlett ducks under it;
33.5;?;Symonds to Tremlett, no run good length delivery outside the off stump;
33.4;?;Symonds to Tremlett, no run on the middle and leg stump line, on the shorter side and Tremlett defends it down on the leg side;
33.3;4;Symonds to Tremlett, FOUR runs in the slot outside the off stump and Tremlett drills it through extra cover for four, Good looking shot that;
33.2;?;Symonds to Tremlett, no run good length delivery on and around the off stump line, Tremlett gets behind the line and defends it back to the bowler;
33.1;?;Symonds to Tremlett, no run defended outside the off stump, ball rolls away towards gully;
32.6;1;Lee to Tremlett, 1 run worked away off the back-foot to the midwicket region;
32.5;1;Lee to Dalrymple, 1 run bit of width offered and Dalrymple cuts it away through point;
32.4;?;Lee to Dalrymple, no run worked away towards gully, no room for a single there;
32.3;1;Lee to Tremlett, 1 run worked away off the back-foot to the square leg region, not a convincing shot but they cross over for a single;
32.2;?;Lee to Tremlett, no run And Lee troubles the 6 foot 8 gaint with a nasty bouncer. This one nipped back in a long away and Tremlett was caught on the wrong foot, ball clips the outside edge and pops up towards point;
32.1;?;Lee to Tremlett, no run short rising deliverty and Tremlett sways away from the line;
31.6;1;Symonds to Tremlett, 1 run good length delivery outside the off stump and the edge is produced but the ball rolls down to third man;
31.5;?;Symonds to Tremlett, no run defended on the front-foot;
31.4;?;Symonds to Tremlett, no run opens the face of the bat and runs it away towards gully;
31.3;?;Symonds to Tremlett, no run worked away on the leg side, no room for a single there;
31.2;?;Symonds to Tremlett, no run played back to the bowler with a straight bat;
31.1;?;Symonds to Tremlett, no run defended towards cover;
30.6;W;Lee to Flintoff, OUT Hodge pulls off another blinder and England's slump continues! good length and cutting in. Flintoff slogs it away towards midwicket. Hodge in the deep hurtles across to his left, drives across at the last movement and takes it with both hands. Fantastic bit of fielding. England seven down - just three more to go.;Andrew Flintoff c Hodge b Lee 27 (65m 38b 3x4 0x6) SR: 71.05;
30.5;?;Lee to Flintoff, no run fuller length and drifting down the leg side, Flintoff fails to make contact and the ball rolls away off the pad;
30.4;4;Lee to Flintoff, FOUR runs good length delivery on the middle and off stump line. Flintoff just lines it up nicely and slogs it away to wide long-on. Good clean hit and the ball hits the inside part of the boundary padding. Was signalled as a six but the umpire but then came the camera angles and the third umpire.;
30.3;?;Lee to Flintoff, no run good length delivery and Flintoff plays it down to mid-off;
30.2;?;Lee to Flintoff, no run the big off-cutter, Flintoff plays down the wrong line and ball thuds into the pad, if not for a bid inside edge he was a goner;
30.1;?;Lee to Flintoff, no run good length delivery outside the off stump and Flintoff taps it away towards point;
29.6;?;Symonds to Dalrymple, no run played down to silly mid-on, Symonds moves across quickly and cuts off the single;
29.5;?;Symonds to Dalrymple, no run defended outside the off stump;
29.4;4;Symonds to Dalrymple, FOUR runs pitched up wide outside the off stump and Dalrymple is sucked forward into the drive, ball clips the outside edge and flies over the fielder fielder at gully.;
29.3;?;Symonds to Dalrymple, no run better line and length and Dalrymple defends it on the back-foot;
29.2;2;Symonds to Dalrymple, 2 runs short and wide outside the off stump, cut away off the back-foot to the deep backward point region;
29.1;?;Symonds to Dalrymple, no run good length delivery outside the off stump, little cutter and Dalrymple defends it on the front-foot;
28.6;?;Lee to Flintoff, no run defended outside the off stump;
28.5;1;Lee to Dalrymple, 1 run worked away off the back-foot to the midwicket region;
28.4;1;Lee to Flintoff, 1 run short of a good length delivery, worked away off the the back-foot to the midwicket region;
28.3;1;Lee to Dalrymple, 1 run;
28.2;?;Lee to Dalrymple, no run short of a good length delivery outside the off stump, Dalrymple gets on his toes and defends it down on the off side;
28.1;?;Lee to Dalrymple, no run good length delivery and Dalrymple drives it away towards cover;
27.6;1;Johnson to Dalrymple, 1 run again worked away behind square, just a single on this occasion;
27.5;?;Johnson to Dalrymple, no run defended on the front-foot;
27.4;1;Johnson to Flintoff, 1 run sliced away towards gully, gets it wide of the fielder there and they scamper through for a single;
27.3;2;Johnson to Flintoff, 2 runs worked away behind square on the leg side;
27.2;4;Johnson to Flintoff, FOUR runs short off a good length delivery on the middle and off stump line. Too easy a delivery for a batsman of Flintoff's caliber. He gets right on top of the bounce and pulls it into the ground and the ball races away to the midwicket fence. 100 comes up for England;
27.1;?;Johnson to Flintoff, no run angled in from well outside the leg stump, Flintoff tries to work it away but fails to make contact and the ball rolls away off the pad;
26.6;?;Lee to Dalrymple, no run pitched up outside the off stump and Dalrymple defends it down, solid shot;
26.5;1;Lee to Flintoff, 1 run short of a good length delivery outside the off stump. Flintoff leans back and cuts late, easy single down to third man;
26.4;?;Lee to Flintoff, no run pitched up and Flintoff finds the fielder at mid-off;
26.3;1;Lee to Dalrymple, 1 run clipped away towards midwicket, slight mix-up going for the single but in the end they make it across comfortably;
26.2;?;Lee to Dalrymple, no run another short of a good length delivery outside the off stump and this one went straight on after hitting the deck. Dalrymple once again lines it up nicely and defends it down;
26.1;?;Lee to Dalrymple, no run short of a good length delivery and this one nipped back in a touch. Dalrymple jumps into position and plays it down on the off side.;
25.6;1;Johnson to Dalrymple, 1 run forced away off the front-foot to the cover region, not a convincing shot but he finds the gap and they scamper through for a single;
25.5;?;Johnson to Dalrymple, no run ripper! in the channel outside the off stump and this one shaped back in a touch. Dalrymple had no option but to play at it and the ball zips past the outside edge. well bowled;
25.4;?;Johnson to Dalrymple, no run on the middle and leg stump line, defended straight back to the bowler;
25.3;?;Johnson to Dalrymple, no run pitched close to the off stump line and angling across, Dalrymple opens the face of the bat and runs it away towards gully;
25.2;?;Johnson to Dalrymple, no run good length delivery, angling across and Dalrymple defends it on the back-foot;
25.1;1;Johnson to Flintoff, 1 run short and wide outside the off stump, Flintoff leans back and cuts it down to third man;
24.6;W;Lee to Nixon, OUT short of a good length delivery, pitched outside the off stump and angling away. Nixon stays back and pokes at it, playing well away from his body. Thick edge and the ball goes straight to Hayden at first slip who snaffles it as clean as a whistle. England six down.;Paul Nixon c Hayden b Lee 9 (29m 23b 1x4 0x6) SR: 39.13;
24.5;3;Lee to Flintoff, 3 runs Lee drifts on to the pads and Flintoff clips it away through the vacant midwicket region. Long chase from McGrath saves one run;
24.4;?;Lee to Flintoff, no run better line and length from Lee. Flintoff stays back and defends it down;
24.3;2;Lee to Flintoff, 2 runs good length delivery outside the off stump, Flintoff shuffles back and across and drills it past the fielder at cover;
24.2;?;Lee to Flintoff, no run close to the off stump line and Flintoff nudges it away towards point;
24.1;?;Lee to Flintoff, no run slightly short and close to the off stump line, cut away off the back-foot to the point region;
23.6;?;Johnson to Nixon, no run good length and angling across, driven straight to the fielder at cover;
23.5;1;Johnson to Flintoff, 1 run Johnson drags it short and Flintoff pulls it away to deep midwicket. Once bounce and straight to the fielder there;
23.4;4;Johnson to Flintoff, FOUR runs pitched up outside the off stump, right in the slot and Flintoff goes bang over mid-off, good clean hit and the ball screams away to the fence;
23.3;?;Johnson to Flintoff, no run sliced away towards gully, no room for a single there;
23.2;?;Johnson to Flintoff, no run short of a good length and angling across the right-hander. Flintoff gets behind the line and defends it down watchfully;
23.1;?;Johnson to Flintoff, no run good length delivery outside the off stump, Flintoff shuffles across a bit and runs it away behind point;
22.6;2;McGrath to Nixon, 2 runs short of a good length delivery outside the off stump, bit of width offered and Nixon cuts it away to third man. Easy two to end the over;
22.5;?;McGrath to Nixon, no run good length delivery on the stumps and this time Nixon plays it away far, as far as the fielder at midwicket;
22.4;?;McGrath to Nixon, no run again on the middle and off stump line, no room offered and Nixon is made to defend. Amazing stuff this from McGrath;
22.3;?;McGrath to Nixon, no run good length delivery on the middle and off stump line, Nixon says back and defends it down on the leg side;
22.2;?;McGrath to Nixon, no run line and length delivery, Nixon gets behind the line and forces it away towards cover;
22.1;?;McGrath to Nixon, no run defended off the back-foot and the ball rolls away towards midwicket;
21.6;?;Johnson to Flintoff, no run good length delivery outside the off stump and Flintoff defends it away towards cover;
21.5;?;Johnson to Flintoff, no run Johnson once agian drags it short, inviting Flintoff to go after it but on this occasion the big man ducks under it. Wise decision given the situation;
21.4;2;Johnson to Flintoff, 2 runs goes for the pull and the ball balloons up off the top-edge but falls safely in the deep, dangerous shot;
21.3;1;Johnson to Nixon, 1 run good length delivery outside the off stump, Nixon stays back and drives it away towards cover point. Symonds moves across in a flash but his shy at the bowler's end fails to hit the target. Direct hit would have been interesting;
21.2;?;Johnson to Nixon, no run slightly short and close to the off stump line, Nixon opens the face of the bat and runs it away towards gully;
21.1;4;Johnson to Nixon, FOUR runs take that! good length delivery outside the off stump, Nixon leans back, quickly gets into a good position and thuds it through the gap between the cover fielder. Good positive shot to break the ice;
20.6;1;McGrath to Nixon, 1 run short delivery on the stumps, Nixon goes back and pulls it away through square leg;
20.5;?;McGrath to Nixon, no run pitched up outside the off stump, almost a yorker. Nixon gets behind the line and tamely defends it back to the bowler;
20.4;1;McGrath to Flintoff, 1 run short of a good length delivery outside the off stump, Flintoff pushes hard at it and the ball flies away off the outside edge, luckily for him and England it went well wide of the diving fielder at gully;
20.3;?;McGrath to Flintoff, no run punched away off the back-foot to the point region, diving stop cuts off the single. Flintoff will have to wait;
20.2;?;McGrath to Flintoff, no run short of a good length delivery, again right in the channel outside the off stump and Flintoff is made to defend;
20.1;?;McGrath to Flintoff, no run good length delivery outside the off stump, Flintoff on the back-foot defending. So far he has face 7 balls but he is yet to get off the mark;
19.6;?;Johnson to Nixon, no run worked away towards short midwicket, they think of a single but wisely decides against it.;
19.5;?;Johnson to Nixon, no run in the channel and shaping away from the left-hander. Nixon gets behind the line and defends it with a straight bat;
19.4;?;Johnson to Nixon, no run short of a good length delivery, no width offered and Nixon plays it back to the bowler;
19.3;?;Johnson to Nixon, no run good length and drifting down the leg side, ball clips the pads and rolls away behind the stumps. Gilchirst had to dive across full length to cut it off - all in a day's work.;
19.2;?;Johnson to Nixon, no run good length delivery outside the off stump and Nixon watchfully drives it straight to Clarke at cover;
19.1;?;Johnson to Nixon, no run short of a good length delivery outside the off stump and Nixon leaves it through to the keeper. Can't blame him, he is playing out the memo - that's sure;
18.6;?;McGrath to Flintoff, no run beauty to end the over, perfect line and length and the ball shaped a touch. Flintoff is turned inside out and the ball zips past the outside edge;
18.5;1;McGrath to Nixon, 1 run fuller length delivery on the pads and Nixon works it away behind square on the leg side;
18.4;?;McGrath to Nixon, no run defended on the back-foot;
18.3;?;McGrath to Nixon, no run short of a good length delivery outside the off stump and Nixon pushes it away towards cover point;
18.2;?;McGrath to Nixon, no run good length delivery, close to the off stump line and Nixon ends up with an inside edge on to his pad;
18.1;W;McGrath to PD Collingwood, OUT and the party continue! short of a good length, pitched right in the channel outside the off stump and shaping away late - special delivery for poor mortals and a McGrath usual. Collingwood had no option but to play at it and the edge went straight to Gilchrist behind the stumps. England five down and they are melting like butter on a hot pan.;Paul Collingwood c ?Gilchrist b McGrath 0 (3m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
17.6;?;Johnson to Flintoff, no run short of a good length delivery and Flintoff defends it on the back-foot;
17.5;?;Johnson to Flintoff, no run good length and drifting away, Fintoff goes for the drive but fails to make contact;
17.4;?;Johnson to Flintoff, no run driven straight to the fielder at cover point;
17.4;1w;Johnson to Flintoff, 1 wide high bouncer and the umpire is not impressed;
17.3;?;Johnson to Flintoff, no run short of a good length delivery outside the off stump and Flintoff leaves it through to the keeper;
17.2;?;Johnson to Flintoff, no run defended on the back-foot;
17.1;W;Johnson to Bell, OUT goodness me! good length delivery outside the off stump and Bell runs it away towards gully and then came the mix-up. Total mess! Both batsmen meet in the middle and then Bell hesitates quite a bit. He is in two minds whether to run or go back to his end. By this time White had stopped the ball diving across to his left and he flicked the ball lying down all along the ground. Bell tries to run back to the striker's end but White's back-handed flick hits the stumps bang. Bell was nowhere in the picture.;Ian Bell run out (White) 10 (32m 15b 1x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
16.6;W;McGrath to Joyce, OUT and McGrath ends Joyce's uneasy stay at the crease with a beauty! short of a good length delivery, this one hit the deck and shaped back in. Joyce was clueless and in the end it was a nothing poke, ball clipped the inside edge and went straight to Gilchrist behind the stumps. That's the end of that and we are back to square one.;Ed Joyce c ?Gilchrist b McGrath 5 (19m 15b 1x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
16.5;?;McGrath to Joyce, no run worked away towards gully, no room for a single there;
16.4;?;McGrath to Joyce, no run slightly short and angling across the left-hander. Joyce on the back-foot defending;
16.3;?;McGrath to Joyce, no run and this time he comes down the track but the result is almost the same, Joyce was looking for the drive through cover but the ball rolled away off the inner half of the bat;
16.2;?;McGrath to Joyce, no run good length delivery, pitched on and around the off stump line and shaping away a touch. Joyce leaves it through to the keeper;
16.1;1;McGrath to Bell, 1 run good length delivery on the middle and leg stump line, Bell shuffles across a bit and works it away towards midwicket for an easy single;
15.6;1;Johnson to Bell, 1 run tucked away off the pads to the square leg region, easy single to end the over;
15.5;?;Johnson to Bell, no run good length delivery on the stumps, Bell pushes forward and defends it well;
15.4;4;Johnson to Bell, FOUR runs shot! short of a good length and angling across the right-hander. Bell stands erect on the back-foot, lines it up nicely and drills it through the gap between cover and point. Way to go;
15.3;2;Johnson to Bell, 2 runs driven away through backward point, easy two;
15.2;?;Johnson to Bell, no run short of a good length and angling across the right-hander. Bell slashes hard at it but fails to make contact. Bit of frustration creeping in I guess.;
15.1;?;Johnson to Bell, no run driven off the fornt-foot and the ball goes straight to the fielder at cover;
14.6;?;McGrath to Joyce, no run this one straightened after pitched and Joyce shoulders arms, close call as the ball zips past the stumps;
14.5;?;McGrath to Joyce, no run in the channel outside the off stump and Joyce leaves it through to the keeper;
14.4;4;McGrath to Joyce, FOUR runs short delivery on the middle and leg stump line, not fiery enough to trouble the batsman. Joyce gets right on top of the bounce and pulls it away to through square leg. Fine leg fielder quickly gave up the chase. Excellent timing and placement;
14.3;?;McGrath to Joyce, no run forced away towards point, again no run there;
14.2;?;McGrath to Joyce, no run driven away towards cover, Symonds at short cover, dives across full length and cuts off the single. This is the kind of support that every bowler dreams off.;
14.1;?;McGrath to Joyce, no run short of a good length delivery on the middle and off stump line, Joyce gets right behind the line and defends it down on the off side;
13.6;?;Johnson to Bell, no run in the channel outside the off stump, Bell opens the face of the bat and runs it away towards gully;
13.5;?;Johnson to Bell, no run line and length delivery, defended on the back-foot;
13.4;1;Johnson to Joyce, 1 run short of a good length delivery outside the off stump, Joyce goes on the back-foot and taps it away towards cover point. Symonds moves across in a flash but the batsmen scamper through for a well judged single;
13.3;?;Johnson to Joyce, no run good length delivery on the stumps, Joyce gets behind the line and defends it down;
13.2;1;Johnson to Bell, 1 run Johnson drifts on to the pads and Bell works it away behind square on the leg side;
13.1;?;Johnson to Bell, no run on the middle and leg stump line, defended towards mid-off;
12.6;?;McGrath to Joyce, no run good length delivery on the stump and Joyce is made to defend. Wicket maiden;
12.5;?;McGrath to Joyce, no run bouncer first up and Joyce ducks under it;
12.4;W;McGrath to Strauss, OUT Hodge you beauty! short of a good length delivery on the middle and off stump line, innocuous delivery. Strauss having failed playing the drive and the flick goes for the pull and the ball flies away towards midwicket. Hodge there quickly moves across to his left and pulls off a stunner, diving across to his left. He was at full stretch and in the air when he took it and to make it even better he took it with both hands. Amazing effort.;Andrew Strauss c Hodge b McGrath 18 (56m 37b 0x4 1x6) SR: 48.64;
12.3;?;McGrath to Strauss, no run worked away off the back-foot to the square leg region;
12.2;?;McGrath to Strauss, no run good length and this one came back in a touch. Strauss stays back and works it away on the leg side. Needless to say, the ball went straight to the fielder at midwicket;
12.1;?;McGrath to Strauss, no run good length delivery outside the off stump, McGrath has started hitting the coin outside the off stump. Strauss safely plays it down to mid-off;
11.6;1;Bracken to Strauss, 1 run short of a good length delivery, width offered and Strauss cuts it away through point. There is protection in the deep;
11.5;2;Bracken to Strauss, 2 runs good length delivery outside the off stump, Strauss waits for the ball and at the last moment cuts it down to thrid man for a brace;
11.4;1;Bracken to Bell, 1 run off the mark. Bracken's angle creates the width and Bell nudges it down to third man for an easy single;
11.3;?;Bracken to Bell, no run line and length delivery, Bell being Bell, gets behind the line and defends it back to the bowler;
11.2;?;Bracken to Bell, no run on the middle and off stump line, Bell gets right behind the line and defends it with a straight bat;
11.1;W;Bracken to Loye, OUT And Bracken nails Mal Loye after a run a ball 36. short of a good length delivery, pitched on middle and off and shaping away from the right-hander. Loye plays at it late, more of an afterthought. Ball clips the edge and goes straight to Hayden at first slip.;Mal Loye c Hayden b Bracken 36 (49m 36b 5x4 1x6) SR: 100;
10.6;?;McGrath to Strauss, no run punched off the back-foot and the ball finds the bowler.;
10.5;?;McGrath to Strauss, no run full on middle and leg, turned straight to the fielder at midwicket;
10.4;?;McGrath to Strauss, no run looks like McGrath has found his grove, or is just because Strauss is on strike, anyway good length delivery outside the off stump and Strauss defends it on the front-foot;
10.3;?;McGrath to Strauss, no run defended on the back-foot;
10.2;1;McGrath to Loye, 1 run swept away top deep backward square, just a single on this occasion;
10.1;4;McGrath to Loye, FOUR runs Short and wide outside the off stump and Loye flays it away through backward point, this is refreshing cricket. Actually the ball was not there to be cut but he room, got on top of the bounce and played into the ground;
9.6;?;Bracken to Strauss, no run pushed to point..;
9.5;?;Bracken to Strauss, no run Deja-vu at Brisbane. This time Struass even tries to charge out, Bracken drags back the length and Struass tries to cut but no luck again.;
9.4;?;Bracken to Strauss, no run Strauss continues to scrath around. Another attempted cut shot, no contact. Stings Gilchrist's gloves;
9.3;1;Bracken to Loye, 1 run The intent was to swing it over on field, gets a inside edge and it runs past square leg.;
9.2;?;Bracken to Loye, no run fullish, outside the off stump line, Loye tries to drill it through the off side, the bat-handle rotates in the hand and the ball bobs away towards mid-off;
9.1;?;Bracken to Loye, no run on the middle and off stump line, nudged back to the bowler.;
8.6;?;McGrath to Strauss, no run on the back foot, no violence in Strauss's mind, just defends it away;
8.5;?;McGrath to Strauss, no run;
8.4;1;McGrath to Loye, 1 run that one day dab shot to thirdman. Outside off stump and you know how this one goes.;
8.3;?;McGrath to Loye, no run to the classic McGrath line. Boring. Just short of length, on the off stump line. Loye pats it back cautiously as if he is defusing a bomb. McGrath has a few words to say to him. Its nice to see you and such greetings. Yeah right.;
8.2;4;McGrath to Loye, FOUR runs What a shot! That You Tube moment again! Loye's sweep shot. The left foot goes across, outside the off stump, he goes on the bended knee and he swings it behind square leg.;
8.1;4;McGrath to Loye, FOUR runs Hmm.... completely unMcGrath like delivery. Short and on the off stump line, Loye loves it, pulls it through midwicket.;
7.6;1;Bracken to Loye, 1 run slower delivery, 119.1 kmph deliver, on the middle stump line, pushed to the right of mid-on. Will retain the strike.;
7.5;?;Bracken to Loye, no run fullish, just outside the off stump, Loye gets behind the line, nudged to the off side;
7.4;?;Bracken to Loye, no run lands on a length, around the off stump line, just pushed back to the bowler;
7.3;?;Bracken to Loye, no run Loye goes sweeping. yet again. Not much luck though. Full and outside the off stump, he tries to swing it behind square, gets a inside edge on to his pads.;
7.2;?;Bracken to Loye, no run on the off stump line, on a length, defended back to the bowler.;
7.1;?;Bracken to Loye, no run;
6.6;?;Lee to Strauss, no run If you going to sponsor the top edge, then better insure the outside edge. Just in the channel outside the off stump, a lame poke and the ball shaves past the outer edge;
6.5;?;Lee to Strauss, no run;
6.4;6;Lee to Strauss, SIX runs top-edges a six! Sponsor that part of the blade Strauss! Banged in short and Strauss goes for a pull, is late on that stroke and the ball just flew over the cuckoo's nest. Over fine-leg. He has been dismissed a few times in the Test series going for this stroke.;
6.3;2;Lee to Strauss, 2 runs fullish, outside off stump, driven through covers;
6.2;?;Lee to Strauss, no run hones in on the off stump, Strauss tries to cut it away, too close to the off stump line, and ends up mistiming it a touch ...;
6.1;?;Lee to Strauss, no run on a length, on the middle stump line, driven to mid-on;
5.6;?;Bracken to Loye, no run switches to conservative mode again. Solid back foot defence;
5.5;?;Bracken to Loye, no run There he goes sweeping. Full and slanted across the off stump, Loye goes forward and tries to sweep it and swing it across, doesn't make contact and it bounds off the pads.;
5.4;?;Bracken to Loye, no run beaten! Just outside off stump, slightly short of length, Loye thinks he can cut it away, no luck.;
5.3;?;Bracken to Loye, no run on the stumps, shovelled to midwicket.;
5.2;?;Bracken to Loye, no run;
5.1;4;Bracken to Loye, FOUR runs Bracken gift-wraps a full toss across, Loye rips open the parcel, sends it crashing to the cover fence;
4.6;1;Lee to Loye, 1 run pitched up, outside off stump and driven past point;
4.5;?;Lee to Loye, no run;
4.4;4;Lee to Loye, FOUR runs Thwack! On the middle stump line, short of length, Loye short-arm jabs it over square leg! Can we call on all the veterans from the county please.;
4.3;?;Lee to Loye, no run;
4.2;6;Lee to Loye, SIX runs Oh ho! what a shot! 34-years of frutstration released into that shot. 150 kmph delivery on the middle stump line, Loye does his special. Goes on the bended knee, and swings it over long leg. Sweeping a fast bowler! He does it in Twenty20, we were wondering whether he can pull it off in the international cricket. Obviously he can and how.;
4.1;1;Lee to Strauss, 1 run fullish, on the middle stump line, Strauss tries to go straight down the ground, it goes to the left of mid-on;
3.6;3;Bracken to Strauss, 3 runs drifts on to the pads and Strauss pounces on it, works it past square-leg.;
3.5;?;Bracken to Strauss, no run 134.05 kmph, around the off stump line, pushed to cover point;
3.4;?;Bracken to Strauss, no run swing and a miss. 133 kmph. Not that fast but Strauss tried to drill through the line and just knifed through thin air.;
3.3;?;Bracken to Strauss, no run fuller, on the middle and leg, turned straight to the midwicket.;
3.2;?;Bracken to Strauss, no run on the middle and off stump line, jabbed away to the off side;
3.1;?;Bracken to Strauss, no run beaten! lands on a good length, outside the off stump, and moves away. Strauss flirts and then turns coy; withdraws his bat from the line;
2.6;?;Lee to Loye, no run In the channel outside off stump, Loye shuffles across and lets it sail past him.;
2.5;?;Lee to Loye, no run;
2.4;?;Lee to Loye, no run lands on a length, on the middle stump line, the ball hits the bat, rather than the other way, the bat-handle rotates in the hand, and the ball rolls away to the on side;
2.3;1;Lee to Strauss, 1 run slightly short of length, around the off stump line, carved away to third man region. Lovely looking shot, just a run though.;
2.2;?;Lee to Strauss, no run;
2.1;3;Lee to Loye, 3 runs Easy runs. Full and the legs, Lee strays, Loye flicks it past square leg. He doesn't get his front foot across, keeps his feet outside the line and gets two runs;
1.6;?;Bracken to Strauss, no run Just around the off stump, Struass nudges it to cover point, thinks about a single, sees the huge figure of Andrew Symonds rushing across, and settles for a dot ball.;
1.5;?;Bracken to Strauss, no run on the off stump line, punched to mid-off;
1.4;1lb;Bracken to Loye, 1 leg bye Fuller and it swings in late, on the middle and leg side, Loye attempts to flick it away, the ball bobs away to short fine leg;
1.3;1;Bracken to Strauss, 1 run on the hips, tucked to fine leg;
1.2;?;Bracken to Strauss, no run closer to the off stump, on a length and bit of bounce and movement away, Strauss withdraws his bat from the line;
1.1;?;Bracken to Strauss, no run Short of good length, outside the off stump and shapes away further. Left alone. Bracken is a pretty good ODI bowler, gets the white ball to swing and move away.;
0.6;?;Lee to Loye, no run;
0.5;?;Lee to Loye, no run short of length, on the off stump line, defended to point;
0.4;2;Lee to Loye, 2 runs Loye is up and running. International cricket is not so bad after all. Fullish, and he leans forward to drive it straight down the ground. Two runs.;
0.3;?;Lee to Loye, no run No gift to the debutant. Loye receives a yorker first up. Full, furious, and tailing in late, it crashed into the boot. Beaten for pace and by the blockhole length. Welcome to international cricket.;
0.2;1;Lee to Strauss, 1 run tip and run! Strauss gets off the mark. So does England. Just a nudge to the on side and by the time Hodge tried to swoop in, the run was completed. Meanwhile Hodge stumbles and falls.;
0.1;?;Lee to Strauss, no run Whatever chest infection Lee had has obviously disappeared. Right on target, just outside off stump and shaping away. Two slips in place.;

Hello and a warm welcome to the fourth game in the CB series. Australia v England I am Sriram Veera and, along with Sajan Nair, shall bring you all the live action today.
Toss England have chosen to bat. Mal Loye, the 34-year old batsman, makes his debut. McGrath and Brett Lee are back while Ricky Ponting takes a breather. Adam Gilchrist will lead the side.
Weather Peter English, our Australian editor at the ground, confirms some bad news. "Showers are expected throughout the afternoon." It was raining in the morning and covers were on till recently. They are off now and we shall have play.
Players are out there, lets play!
 Innings Start
Man-of-the-Match Hussey's post-match comments: " It was hard work. The ball did something all through the night. I think England did well .... It was really pleasing to get through this. We wanted to get a partnership going but unfortunately we kept losing wickets. And Lee did a great job at the end. He was quite pumped up."
And that wraps our coverage for the day. Meanwhile Shoaib Akthar and Danish Kaneria have rocked South Africa in the second Test. Please do tune in to that game. From me, Sriram Veera, and Sajan Nair, good bye and good luck.
38.4;4;Flintoff to Hussey, FOUR runs That's it. All over. Fullish and just outside off stump, Hussey leans forward, square-drives it past point where Collingwood is beaten and the man at deep point rushes to his right, flings himself near the ropes and the ball evades him. Despairing drive, so close, yet so far. The story of the day as far as England are concerned. Australia register yet another win, do they ever get bored of it?!;
38.3;?;Flintoff to Hussey, no run yorker-length delivery, on the stumps, driven to mid-off;
38.2;4;Flintoff to Hussey, FOUR runs Just four more needed. One stroke away. Short and just outside off stump (Flintoff is bowling from round the stumps) and Hussey rocks back and pulls it down and it screams to the midwicket boundary.;
38.1;?;Flintoff to Hussey, no run In the corridor outside off stump, Hussey is in the bedroom, lets that go past him;
37.6;?;Tremlett to Lee, no run hits the deck short of length, it screams up, Lee backs away a touch, stabs at it and the ball goes off a inside edge, just past the stumps.;
37.5;1;Tremlett to Hussey, 1 run Tremlett checks whether Hussey can play a pull shot. Gets a positive answer. Banged this one short and Hussey pulls it over midwicket;
37.4;1;Tremlett to Lee, 1 run Banged in short, at the ribs, Lee fends it away in front of him and is trying to find where it landed. Meanwhile Hussey spots a run in it and calls Lee over. They rush across and make it rather easily at the end.;
37.3;?;Tremlett to Lee, no run on a length, around off stump line, holds its line, Lee adjusts to that straightening and nudges it away to the off side.;
37.2;4;Tremlett to Lee, FOUR runs Whack! Slapped to point boundary. Short and wide, Lee goes back and across and spanks it flat over point and it goes one bounce into the ropes. Now only 10 runs left.;
37.1;?;Tremlett to Lee, no run;
36.6;?;Flintoff to Hussey, no run In the channel outside off stump, Hussey is not interested in the program, lets that sail past him;
36.5;4;Flintoff to Hussey, FOUR runs Caressed to cover drive! Fullish, outside off stump, Hussey leans forward to drive it through extra cover. 14 runs to win.;
36.4;?;Flintoff to Hussey, no run hits the deck around back of length, just outside off stump and Hussey goes back, shoulders arms.;
36.3;?;Flintoff to Hussey, no run Hussey gets right behind this one - around the off stump line- pushes it out to cover region;
36.2;?;Flintoff to Hussey, no run beats him rightaway. Fullish on the off stump line, and Hussey goes for a drive but Flintoff has the key, bends the delivery away .;
36.1;?;Flintoff to Hussey, no run Hussey continues to be rock solid. Flintoff tries to melt him outside off stump with a teasing delivery but Hussey is unmoved.;
35.6;?;Tremlett to Lee, no run Banged in short of length, Lee goes for the pull shot but doesn't get a touch. An interesting over comes to an end. He pinged the ribs and slipped in a few fuller-length deliveries. Produced an edge but no luck;
35.5;4;Tremlett to Lee, FOUR runs THat one screams over slips. Full and outside off stump, Lee tries to swing it to Melbourne and gets a thick outside edge and away she flies;
35.4;2;Tremlett to Lee, 2 runs Lee leans forward to a delivery angling in, turns it fine down leg side. Will get two.;
35.3;?;Tremlett to Lee, no run Ah! back to the ribs. dabbed away. This is rivetting stuff.;
35.2;?;Tremlett to Lee, no run fuller, outside off stump, drawing Lee forward - he has been hopping against Flintoff, so this is a good move from the bowler - but Lee does well, immediately leans forward, pushes it out to cover region;
35.1;1;Tremlett to Hussey, 1 run from round the stumps, short and wide, that won't help England, slapped to deep point;
34.6;?;Flintoff to Lee, no run This one is just outside off, kicking up from short of length, Lee pushes it out to point;
34.5;?;Flintoff to Lee, no run Flintoff gets back to the routine. At the ribs, Lee jumps up, again the bottom-hand is out and he dabs it away towards shortleg. There is a man at leg gully now.;
34.4;1;Flintoff to Hussey, 1 run straighter and fuller, on the middle and leg, too straight and Hussey tucks it behind square-leg;
34.4;1w;Flintoff to Hussey, 1 wide This one is way outside off. wide called. He was trying to push it across Hussey but ended up slanting it too wide;
34.3;3;Flintoff to Lee, 3 runs After two probing deliveries at the body, Flintoff hurls this one short and well outside off stump, Lee drills it through the off side ring. 3 valuable runs.;
34.2;?;Flintoff to Lee, no run Another one that kicks up from just short of length, Lee hops but this one comes in at the body, he fends at it ungainly - the bottom-hand is taken out, and he just pushes his bat out like a shield and it bobs away towards short leg.;
34.1;?;Flintoff to Lee, no run banged in short of length, it rears up chest-high, Lee hops up, gets on top of the bounce and remains side-on, dabs it away to the off side.;
33.6;2;Tremlett to Hussey, 2 runs Fullish, outside off stump, Hussey doesn't quite lean forward fully, drives and it runs off a thickish outside edge, to thirdman region.;
33.5;1;Tremlett to Lee, 1 run fuller and touch outside off stump, Lee leans forward, gets close to the line, square-drives and gets it past point.;
33.4;?;Tremlett to Lee, no run;
33.3;?;Tremlett to Lee, no run hones in on the middle stump, Lee doesn't quite get behind the line, just pushes it away back down the track. The camera now pans to Aussie dressing room. Emotions there. Tense and their eyeballs fixed at the action in the middle.;
33.2;?;Tremlett to Lee, no run swing and a miss. Short of length and well outside the off stump, Lee tries to cut but doesn't make any contact. The camera pans to Hussey, no emotion there.;
33.1;?;Tremlett to Lee, no run back of length, outside off stump, Lee pushes it, bat away from the body, to point.;
33.1;1w;Tremlett to Lee, 1 wide None of them come into play as this one slips down the leg side. Costly. Another 32 runs to get.;
32.6;?;Flintoff to Hussey, no run fuller and a tad wider outside off, Hussey leans forward, covers the line and lets that one go through to the 'keeper;
32.5;?;Flintoff to Hussey, no run beaten! On a length, just around the off stump and shapes away, Hussey tries to punch it down the ground and the ball shaves past the outside edge;
32.4;?;Flintoff to Hussey, no run Pushed across Hussey, who withdraws his bat from the line and watches it sail into Nixon's gloves;
32.3;2;Flintoff to Hussey, 2 runs The ball just rolled towards square-leg, was still inside the 30-yard circle but they complete two runs! Awesome running between the wickets. Dabbed to that region and by the time the man from the deep rushes in, they take two.;
32.2;?;Flintoff to Hussey, no run;
32.1;6;Flintoff to Hussey, SIX runs Top-edges a six! That one flew right into the stands. Banged in short and Hussey goes for the pull and it almost crashes into a lady standing in the aisles. She just about jumps out of the way!;
31.6;2;Anderson to Lee, 2 runs fuller and on the leg and middle, clipped past square leg;
31.5;?;Anderson to Lee, no run Again Lee is troubled by the in-coming delivery. Lands on the seam around off stump line and comes back in, Lee tries to force it off the back foot, gets his bat down the wrong line and the ball threads the bat and pad gap and whistles through to Nixon.;
31.4;?;Anderson to Lee, no run nip-backer. Lands on a length, on the off stump line, jags back in, Lee stabs at it, gets a inside edge on to his thigh;
31.3;1;Anderson to Hussey, 1 run on the stumps, nudged to the on side;
31.2;?;Anderson to Hussey, no run Lovely delivery. Lands on the off stump line, shapes away, Hussey is bit late in pulling out of the shot, just about manages it;
31.1;1;Anderson to Lee, 1 run Fullish, just outside off stump, Lee goes back and across, square-drives it to deep point. Pleasing stroke.;
30.6;?;Flintoff to Hussey, no run slanted across, outside off stump, left alone;
30.5;1;Flintoff to Lee, 1 run short of length, outside off, dabbed away to thirdman;
30.4;?;Flintoff to Lee, no run Another bouncer, Lee evades that one.;
30.3;?;Flintoff to Lee, no run;
30.2;?;Flintoff to Lee, no run short of length, around off stump, dabbed to point;
30.1;?;Flintoff to Lee, no run Bouncer and he ducks under it;
29.6;?;Anderson to Hussey, no run left alone outside the off stump;
29.5;1;Anderson to Lee, 1 run bit too straight and Lee flicks it away through square leg, off the mark first ball;
29.4;W;Anderson to White, OUT Anderson strikes back for England and the see-saw battle continues. Good length delivery and this one nipped back in off the deck. White plays across the line and the ball thuds into the pad. Loud shout and on this occasion the umpire adjudicates in favour of the bowler.;Cameron White lbw b Anderson 5 (19m 9b 1x4 0x6) SR: 55.55;
29.3;4;Anderson to White, FOUR runs slightly short and slightly wide, White unleashes a ferocious slap and the ball screams away to the backward point fence. Try stopping that;
29.2;1;Anderson to Hussey, 1 run steered down to third man and they cross over for an easy single;
29.1;?;Anderson to Hussey, no run and he starts off with Jaffa! Good length delivery, pitched close to the off stump line and shaping away. Hussey is sucked forward and the ball goes through to the keeper. Loud pleading appeal turned down. Anderson is not happy.;
28.6;?;Lewis to White, no run punched away off the back-foot to the cover region. End of a fine spell from Lewis.;
28.5;?;Lewis to White, no run in the channel outside the off stump, White on the back-foot defending;
28.4;1lb;Lewis to Hussey, 1 leg bye short of a good length and drifting down the leg side, ball clips the pad and runs down to short fine leg;
28.3;?;Lewis to Hussey, no run with the keeper standing up Lewis bangs it in short. Hussey leaves it through and Nixon had to jump high to collect the ball, just about got there in time. Excellent take;
28.2;?;Lewis to Hussey, no run good length delivery on the stumps and Hussey defends it off the front-foot;
28.1;1;Lewis to White, 1 run worked away behind square for an easy single;
27.6;2;Tremlett to Hussey, 2 runs make that 55. Clipped away off the pads to the vacant square leg region, runs hard for the first run and comfortably comes back for the second;
27.5;2;Tremlett to Hussey, 2 runs short delivery outside the off stump and Hussey pulls it away well wide of the fielder at midwicket. Australia need another 57 runs. England need 5 more wicekts. Any bets?;
27.4;?;Tremlett to Hussey, no run short of a good length and Hussey is troubled by the extra bounce, ball clips the glove and rolls away behind the stumps on the off side;
27.3;?;Tremlett to Hussey, no run again left alone outside the off stump;
27.2;?;Tremlett to Hussey, no run good length delivery outside the off stump and Hussey leaves it through to the keeper;
27.1;4;Tremlett to Hussey, FOUR runs short delivery on the middle and off stump line and Hussey pulls it away through midwicket;
26.6;?;Lewis to White, no run short of a good length delivery, defended on the back-foot and the ball rolls away towards point.;
26.5;?;Lewis to White, no run good length delivery outside the off stump and White defends it down safely;
26.4;?;Lewis to White, no run another bouncer and White ducks under this one too.;
26.3;?;Lewis to White, no run bouncer first up and White ducks under it. Lewis is pumped up and he lets White know what his plans are for the evening.;
26.2;W;Lewis to Clarke, OUT and he strikes! good length and drifting down the leg side, Clarke follows the ball in a effort to clip it down to fine leg but fails to make solid contact. Not sure if there was any wood involved, hard to say from here. The keeper and the bowler were convinced and so was the umpire. That's the wicket they were looking for - Australia five down.;Michael Clarke c ?Nixon b Lewis 36 (91m 62b 3x4 0x6) SR: 58.06;
26.1;?;Lewis to Clarke, no run good length delivery outside the off stump, defended on the front-foot;
25.6;1;Tremlett to Clarke, 1 run tucked away off the back-foot to the square leg region, another good over for Australia comes to an end;
25.5;4;Tremlett to Clarke, FOUR runs take that! good length and in the channel outside the off stump, nothing wrong with the delivery. Clarke stretches forward and across, gets close to the line of the ball and drives it through cover. Perfect timing and the placement was even better;
25.4;?;Tremlett to Clarke, no run good length delivery outside the off stump. Clarke pushes forward and defends it down watchfully;
25.3;?;Tremlett to Clarke, no run short of a good length delivery outside the off stump, Clarke goes for the cut but fails to make contact. Too close to cut;
25.2;?;Tremlett to Clarke, no run;
25.1;?;Tremlett to Clarke, no run good length delivery outside the off stump, defended outside the off stump.;
24.6;1lb;Flintoff to Clarke, 1 leg bye good length and drifting down the leg side, Clarke fails to make contact but the ball rolls away off the pad to short fine leg. End of a good over for Australia;
24.5;1lb;Flintoff to Hussey, 1 leg bye off the pads and the ball rolls away towards square leg, they scamper through for a single;
24.4;1;Flintoff to Clarke, 1 run good length delivery on the middle and leg stump line, Clarke stays back and clips it away behind square on the leg side. This is excellent cricket from the young man;
24.3;4;Flintoff to Clarke, FOUR runs pitched up outside the off stump, Clarke leans forward and thuds it straight back down the track to the long-off fence. Not a pretty looking shot but he got enough bat on it to beat the fielder at mid-off;
24.2;?;Flintoff to Clarke, no run good length delivery outside the off stump, hint of swing and Carke leaves it through to the keeper;
24.1;4;Flintoff to Clarke, FOUR runs good length delivery outside the off stump. Clarke gets well forward and drives it through the gap between the cover fielders. No stopping that - Slowly but steadily this game is slipping away - England desperately need a wicket;
23.6;4;Tremlett to Hussey, FOUR runs finally! short and wide outside the off stump, this time even Hussey couldn't resist going after it. Rocks back nicely and cuts the ball through point. Refreshing shot;
23.5;?;Tremlett to Hussey, no run again left alone outside the off stump;
23.4;?;Tremlett to Hussey, no run slightly short and outside the off stump, for a moment it looked like he was going to play a shot but finally he leaves the ball through to the keeper.;
23.3;1;Tremlett to Clarke, 1 run off-cutter. Clarke ends up with an inside edge on to the pad and the ball rolls away on the off side, just enough room and they steal a single;
23.2;1;Tremlett to Hussey, 1 run worked away off the pads to the backward square leg region;
23.1;?;Tremlett to Hussey, no run good length delivery outside the off stump and Hussey leaves it through to the keeper. So what's new.;
22.6;?;Flintoff to Clarke, no run left alone outside the off stump;
22.5;?;Flintoff to Clarke, no run quick bouncer and Clarke had no option but to duck under it;
22.4;?;Flintoff to Clarke, no run hit on the pads trying to flick it away through midwicket;
22.3;?;Flintoff to Clarke, no run again shoulders arms to perfection and the ball sails through to the keeper at good pace. 142 kmp to be excat;
22.2;?;Flintoff to Clarke, no run good length delivery outside the off stump, no shot offered;
22.1;2;Flintoff to Clarke, 2 runs short of a good length delivery, slanting away from the righ-hander. Clarke get under the bounce and cuts it away in the air and well over the fielder at gully;
21.6;?;Tremlett to Hussey, no run bouncer to end the over and Hussey ducks under it;
21.5;?;Tremlett to Hussey, no run good length and angling across. Finally Hussey decides to play a shot, good looking drive but the ball goes straight to the fielder at cover.;
21.4;?;Tremlett to Hussey, no run left alone outside the off stump.;
21.3;?;Tremlett to Hussey, no run good length delivery outside the off stump, Hussey gets behind and defends it away towards cover;
21.3;1w;Tremlett to Hussey, 1 wide Tremlett gets the ball to swing a fair distance but he needs a new radar. Way down the leg side. 'That's a wide' is the verdict;
21.2;1;Tremlett to Clarke, 1 run Tremlett drifts on to the pads and Clarke nicely tucks it away behind square on the leg side;
21.1;?;Tremlett to Clarke, no run good length delivery outside the off stump, not to be left behind, Clarke too shoulders arms;
20.6;?;Flintoff to Hussey, no run well, well. short of a good length and angling in but not enough to make Hussey play at it.;
20.5;?;Flintoff to Hussey, no run short of a good length delivery, pitched close to the off stump line and angling across. You guessed it - again left through to the keeper;
20.4;?;Flintoff to Hussey, no run good length delivery outside the off stump, Hussey shoulders arms. Is this the right approach - well time will tell;
20.3;?;Flintoff to Hussey, no run short of a good length delivery, once again Hussey is not interested;
20.2;?;Flintoff to Hussey, no run left alone outside the off stump;
20.2;1w;Flintoff to Hussey, 1 wide surprise bouncer and Hussey was caught on the wrong foot, in the end the ball angled away from the left-hander and Hussey safely swayed away from the line. Too high says the square leg umpire;
20.1;?;Flintoff to Hussey, no run good length delivery outside the off stump, driven away towards cover;
19.6;?;Tremlett to Clarke, no run line and length delivery on the middle and off stump line. Clarke gets well forward and defends it straight back to the bowler. Another tidy over from Tremlett comes to an end.;
19.5;?;Tremlett to Clarke, no run good length delivery outside the off stump. Clarke pushes forward and taps it away towards point;
19.4;1;Tremlett to Hussey, 1 run bit of width offered outside the off stump and Hussey glides it away towards gully, one more added to the total - they need another 90 runs to wrap this up.;
19.3;?;Tremlett to Hussey, no run left alone outside the off stump. Hussey playing the waiting game;
19.2;1;Tremlett to Clarke, 1 run slightly short and shaping away late. Clarke pushes forward and ends up with a thick edge down to third man.;
19.1;?;Tremlett to Clarke, no run good length delivery on the middle and leg stump line, Clarke stays back and works it away towards midwicket. Straight to the fielder;
18.6;2;Flintoff to Hussey, 2 runs fuller length delivery outside the off stump and Hussey drives it away behind point, takes on the fielder in the deep and he comfortably comes back for the second.;
18.5;?;Flintoff to Hussey, no run short of a good length delivery, in the channel outside the off stumpand Hussey plays it away towards point;
18.4;?;Flintoff to Hussey, no run and again. Good length and angling across the left-hander. Hussey shoulders arms;
18.3;?;Flintoff to Hussey, no run good length and close to the off stump line but Hussey reads it well and once again leaves the ball through to the keeper. They are in on hurry.;
18.2;?;Flintoff to Hussey, no run good length delivery but well wide of the off peg, Hussey shoulders arms;
18.1;?;Flintoff to Hussey, no run short of a good length delivery on the middle and off stump line, Hussey judges the bounce to precision and leaves it through to the keeper.;
17.6;?;Tremlett to Clarke, no run length-delivery, just outside off and holding its line, Clarke is squared-up a touch, pushes it out to point.;
17.5;?;Tremlett to Clarke, no run on the middle stump line, fuller, worked to midwicket;
17.4;?;Tremlett to Clarke, no run goes for the yorker this time. Fullish and on the middle stump line, stabbed back at the bowler. Tremlett makes the stop, threatens to throw it back at the stumps.;
17.3;?;Tremlett to Clarke, no run on the middle stump line, defended compactly to the on side.;
17.3;1w;Tremlett to Clarke, 1 wide way outside off, lost control at the release. It appeared as if he was trying to for a outswinger there.;
17.2;?;Tremlett to Clarke, no run;
17.1;?;Tremlett to Clarke, no run hits the deck short of length, gets bounce and Clarke shapes for a pull, is beaten for pace and bounce and that ball thuds into his tummy. Ouch.;
16.6;?;Flintoff to Hussey, no run And again. Good start from Flintoff.;
16.5;?;Flintoff to Hussey, no run Just outside off stump, angling away, 144 kmph, Hussey lets that one sting Nixon;
16.4;3;Flintoff to Clarke, 3 runs banged in short, outside off stump, Clarke presses back to pull it over midwicket. Doesn't get it on the sweet spot but sweet enough for it to almost reach the ropes.;
16.3;2;Flintoff to Clarke, 2 runs Fuller and outside off and Clarke is caught at the crease a bit, drives and it goes off the outer edge through cover.;
16.2;?;Flintoff to Clarke, no run on the off stump line, punched back towards the left of Flintoff who flings himself to make the stop.;
16.1;?;Flintoff to Clarke, no run right away on target. In the zone outside off stump, left alone.;
15.6;2;Anderson to Hussey, 2 runs fuller, just outside off stump, Hussey leans forward, opens the bat-face, runs it past point.;
15.5;?;Anderson to Hussey, no run on the off stump line, Hussey remains wonderfully side-on, pushes it out to cover;
15.4;?;Anderson to Hussey, no run on the middle stump line, the bat comes down straight and he pats it back to the bowler;
15.3;?;Anderson to Hussey, no run full and slanting away, Hussey tries to ping the gap in cover and is beaten;
15.2;?;Anderson to Hussey, no run fullish, on the middle and leg, pushed to mid-on;
15.1;1;Anderson to Clarke, 1 run well outside off stump, Clarke guides it to left of point;
14.6;?;Lewis to Hussey, no run just outside off stump, on a length, left alone.;
14.5;3;Lewis to Clarke, 3 runs hits the deck short of length, outside off stump and it shapes away further, punched through cover point;
14.4;1;Lewis to Hussey, 1 run slips down leg side, glanced to fine leg;
14.3;?;Lewis to Hussey, no run Fullish, on the off and middle stump line, tapped away to off side;
14.2;?;Lewis to Hussey, no run outside off stump line, dabbed away to point;
14.2;1nb;Lewis to Hussey, (no ball) beauty! oh but it is a no ball. Lands on a length, on the off stump line and shapes away, Hussey had to play at it and is beaten. But to his credit , he pushes his bat inside the line and doesn't follow the ball.;
14.1;?;Lewis to Hussey, no run pushes that one full and well outside offstump, inviting a loose drive but Hussey resists.;
13.6;?;Anderson to Clarke, no run Just short of Collingwood at gully. Slightly short of length, around the off stump line, holds its line, a unsure Clarke pushes hard at it and gets an outside-edge but ....;
13.5;?;Anderson to Clarke, no run Clarke leans forward, towards the line, pushes it out to cover region. Flintoff at mid-off has a chat with the bowler.;
13.4;?;Anderson to Clarke, no run sailing through full outside that off stump line, they have continued pinging that line, left alone.;
13.3;?;Anderson to Clarke, no run;
13.2;?;Anderson to Clarke, no run full and well outside off, left alone;
13.1;?;Anderson to Clarke, no run on the off stump line, dabbed to point;
12.6;?;Lewis to Hussey, no run shout for a catch behind! Off the thigh pad. Slipping down the leg side, and attempted flick doesn't make contact and Nixon dives to his right to gather that one.;
12.5;W;Lewis to Symonds, OUT Revenge! Lewis sends Symonds packing. Again full and outside off stump line, looked pretty similar to the previous delivery but a tad wider, and Symonds throws his bat at it and gets a thick edge. Nixon goes airborne and takes it in front of first slip. Surely, hopefully for all of you out there desperate for a contest, game on!;Andrew Symonds c ?Nixon b Lewis 4 (11m 6b 1x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
12.4;4;Lewis to Symonds, FOUR runs Enough is enough, says Symonds and drills this past point. Fullish and outside offstump, Symonds just transfers his immense weight back and slices it past point.;
12.3;?;Lewis to Symonds, no run;
12.3;1nb;Lewis to Symonds, (no ball) again that off stump line, pushed out to cover region;
12.2;?;Lewis to Symonds, no run nice probing delivery, just outside off stump, Symonds thinks about playing it but decides against it.;
12.1;?;Lewis to Symonds, no run full and on the off stump line, Symonds leans forward and pats it gently towards cover;
11.6;2;Anderson to Clarke, 2 runs slightly short of length, on the leg and middle, whipped in front of square-leg and they run hard and will get two.;
11.5;2;Anderson to Clarke, 2 runs on a length, on the middle stump line, holding its line, worked past square-leg;
11.4;?;Anderson to Clarke, no run;
11.3;?;Anderson to Clarke, no run left alone again. Bell goes across to have a animated chat with Flintoff. Hopefully ,he has convinced his skipper about his run out;
11.2;?;Anderson to Clarke, no run whistles through the zone outside off. left alone and it thuds into Nixon's gloves;
11.1;?;Anderson to Clarke, no run lands on a length, on the off and middle, defended to the on side;
11.1;1w;Anderson to Clarke, 1 wide a bouncer! Wide called for the height. Too short and it sails harmlessly over Clarke's head. Good intent as Clarke's first movement is to get forward.;
10.6;3;Lewis to Clarke, 3 runs Short of length, outside off, Clarke forces it through the off side ring, Flintoff gives the chase. 38 for 3.;
10.5;W;Lewis to Hayden, OUT Oh ho! Hayden falls. Again that walk down the track, this time its fatal. Lewis drags back the length and hurls it at the body, Hayden pulls it to long leg into the waiting palms of Anderson. Three down! Game on?;Matthew Hayden c Anderson b Lewis 19 (45m 37b 2x4 0x6) SR: 51.35;
10.4;1;Lewis to Clarke, 1 run on the hips Clarke goes back, dabs it to fine leg;
10.3;?;Lewis to Clarke, no run Fullish, on the off stump line, defended away. Australia continue to play it cautiously. Even the England fielders must be surprised.;
10.2;?;Lewis to Clarke, no run Lewis pings the outside-off channel, Clarke, as usual, comes forward, sees the line and shoulders arms. Test match cricket on.;
10.1;?;Lewis to Clarke, no run on the off stump line, Clarke leans forward and pats it to the off side. Australia need another 122 runs.;
9.6;?;Anderson to Hayden, no run for variety, he takes this one away as well, left alone. Another good tight over from Anderson.;
9.5;?;Anderson to Hayden, no run no prize for guessing where this one went. Full and outside off, angling away;
9.4;?;Anderson to Hayden, no run The routine continues. After a delivery outside off, this one is on the middle and leg, and holdings its line and again Hayden has no room to work around with. And the ball thuds into the thigh pad;
9.3;?;Anderson to Hayden, no run Back to outside off stump, angling away, left alone;
9.2;?;Anderson to Hayden, no run nippy delivery, on the middle and leg, this one shapes back in a touch and Hayden is cramped for room. The ball bobs away off the thigh pad.;
9.1;?;Anderson to Hayden, no run slanted across Hayden, left alone.;
8.6;?;Lewis to Clarke, no run And again. End of a pretty good over. England are keeping it tight here.;
8.5;?;Lewis to Clarke, no run fuller and outside off, pushing Clarke across who leans towards the line and decides to leave it alone;
8.4;?;Lewis to Clarke, no run lands on a length, on the off stump line, shaping away slightly, defended off the front foot;
8.4;1nb;Lewis to Clarke, (no ball) In the channel outside off stump, left alone. Replays reveal that it was huge no ball.;
8.3;1;Lewis to Hayden, 1 run on the off stump line, full in length, Hayden leans forward, pushes it out towards mid-off;
8.2;?;Lewis to Hayden, no run;
8.1;2;Lewis to Hayden, 2 runs fullish outside off, swatted away through extra cover;
7.6;?;Anderson to Clarke, no run shaves past off stump. Landed outside off, came back in, Clarke shoulders arms and the ball just whizzes past the stick.;
7.5;?;Anderson to Clarke, no run;
7.4;?;Anderson to Clarke, no run Beauty! Fullish, outside off and it holds its line again, Clarke lunges forward, late, and is beaten;
7.3;W;Anderson to Hodge, OUT Hodge's one-day travails continue. Full and on the middle and leg, it holds its line a touch, Hodge looks to turn it the on side, gets a outer edge and it flies to point where Darlymple takes it right in front of his face. Australia lose their second wicket. No Ricky Ponting today. Under slight pressure;Brad Hodge c Dalrymple b Anderson 0 (5m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
7.2;?;Anderson to Hodge, no run back-of-length delivery, outside off stump, Hodge pushes it, bat away from his body, towards point;
7.1;?;Anderson to Hodge, no run on a length, around the off stump line, Hodge gets behind the line to defend. He averages just around 15 in the ODIs.;
6.6;?;Lewis to Hayden, no run pushed across Hayden who shoulders arms.;
6.5;?;Lewis to Hayden, no run fuller, outside off stump, Hayden goes hard at it, too much bottom-hand, and the ball rolls towards mid-off;
6.4;4;Lewis to Hayden, FOUR runs Super shot! Full and around the off stump line, Hayden leans forward and unfurls a lovely square-drive.;
6.3;?;Lewis to Hayden, no run Full and on the middle and off stump line, Hayden drives it back to the bowler;
6.2;W;Lewis to Gilchrist, OUT Anderson takes a very good running catch at long leg. It was banged in slightly short of length, on the middle stump line, Gilchrist goes for the pull, ends up skying it high and Anderson runs to his right and holds on to a smart catch.;Adam Gilchrist c Anderson b Lewis 8 (24m 16b 1x4 0x6) SR: 50;
6.1;2;Lewis to Gilchrist, 2 runs on a length, just outside the off stump, Gilchrist opens the bat-face, runs it past point;
5.6;?;Anderson to Hayden, no run;
5.5;?;Anderson to Hayden, no run huge shout for lbw. Lands on a length, on the middle stump line, Hayden shuffles across, and is trapped on the pads. But it is going over off stump line.;
5.4;2;Anderson to Hayden, 2 runs Again that walk down the track. Again the shortening of the length by the bowler but this time Anderson pushes it outside off and that allows Hayden attempt a cut, and the ball flies to the right of thirdman;
5.3;?;Anderson to Hayden, no run;
5.3;1w;Anderson to Hayden, 1 wide slips down leg side.;
5.2;?;Anderson to Hayden, no run on the middle and off stump line, slanting across, pushed to the off side;
5.1;?;Anderson to Hayden, no run Hayden loves walking. Again he is down the track, Anderson bangs it in, on the hips, Hayden is cramped for room and tries to jab it away to the on side, is hit on the thigh pad.;
4.6;?;Lewis to Gilchrist, no run back to round the stumps. On the middle and off, again that bat comes down in an angle, the bat-face shut, and the ball rolls away to the leg side.;
4.5;3;Lewis to Hayden, 3 runs Hayden had enough of shouldering arms. Walks down the wicket, Lewis drags back his length, and pushes it outside off, Hayden adjusts to cut it past point;
4.4;?;Lewis to Hayden, no run back to over the wickets for Hayden. Just whistling through the corridor, Hayden lets that one go through as well.;
4.3;1;Lewis to Gilchrist, 1 run goes wide the crease, full and on the middle stump line, Gilchrist goes back, turns it past square-leg.;
4.3;1nb;Lewis to Gilchrist, (no ball) beaten! In the zone outside off, holding its line and Gilchrist has a poke at it.;
4.2;?;Lewis to Gilchrist, no run again from round the stumps, honing in on the off stump, defended back down the track, the bat came down at an angle and the ball rolls away towards the leg side;
4.1;4;Lewis to Gilchrist, FOUR runs upper cut over slips! Gilchrist breaks free! Slightly short of length and outside off stump, Gilchrist throws his blade at it and it flies off the top edge, over the slips.;
3.6;?;Anderson to Hayden, no run And again.;
3.5;?;Anderson to Hayden, no run again angling away, Hayden leans forward, and lets it go past him.;
3.4;?;Anderson to Hayden, no run short of length and again bit of width outside the off stump, left alone.;
3.4;1w;Anderson to Hayden, 1 wide wide down the leg side. All over the shop.;
3.3;?;Anderson to Hayden, no run fuller but again well outside off stump, Hayden doesn't flirt at it.;
3.2;?;Anderson to Hayden, no run shorter and width outside off but Hayden turns into a monk and shoulders arms;
3.1;?;Anderson to Hayden, no run closer to the off and from a length, Hayden lets it sail into the 'keeper's gloves.;
3.1;1w;Anderson to Hayden, 1 wide Ala Harmison. Way outside off stump.;
2.6;?;Lewis to Gilchrist, no run around the off stump line, continues with the general theme of the over, Gilchrist moves back, pushes it out into the cover region.;
2.5;?;Lewis to Gilchrist, no run lands on middle, on a length, slips down towards the pads, Gilchrist tries to dab it away, doesn't make contact and the ball rolls off the pads.;
2.4;?;Lewis to Gilchrist, no run slightly short of length, comes in towards the off stump, Gilchrist gets behind the line, head over the ball, left elbow high and defends solidly. Hmm....;
2.3;?;Lewis to Gilchrist, no run;
2.2;?;Lewis to Gilchrist, no run lands on a good length, outside off, comes in a touch, Gilchrist opens the bat-face, runs it to point;
2.1;?;Lewis to Gilchrist, no run from round the stumps, just in the channel outside off, Gilchrist moves across, and lets it fly past him;
1.6;4;Anderson to Hayden, FOUR runs There we go. Hayden frees his arms. Didn't take long. Fullish, on the stumps, Hayden decides that should disappear, biffs it across, over midwicket, one bounce over the ropes.;
1.5;?;Anderson to Hayden, no run Anderson hurls if full and fast, around the off stump line, driven to mid-off;
1.4;2;Anderson to Hayden, 2 runs on the hips, Hayden eases back, punches it through midwicket region;
1.3;?;Anderson to Hayden, no run slants across the off stump, full in length, Hayden leans forward, shoulders arms;
1.2;?;Anderson to Hayden, no run No swing this time, ends up as a overpitched delivery, on middle and off stump line, again driven to mid-off. The mid-off is standing pretty straight for Hayden;
1.1;?;Anderson to Hayden, no run good delivery to start off. Fullish, tailing in late, at middle stump line, Hayden arrests his front foot movement, drives it towards mid-off;
0.6;1;Lewis to Hayden, 1 run again on the legs, this can't be the plan, nudged past in front of square leg;
0.5;?;Lewis to Hayden, no run banging in at short of length, dabbed away to the off side;
0.4;1lb;Lewis to Gilchrist, 1 leg bye again on the legs, another leg bye. He is operating from round the stumps and, at the moment, is spearing them down.;
0.3;1lb;Lewis to Hayden, 1 leg bye on the thigh, bobs away off the thigh pad, towards square-leg and they will take a run.;
0.2;1;Lewis to Gilchrist, 1 run on the hips, Gilchrist waits for the ball to arrive, works his wrists, tucks it away to fine leg. Australia are off.;
0.1;?;Lewis to Gilchrist, no run Starts off with one in the channel outside off, Gilchrist shuffles across, covers the off stump and shoulders arms.;

Ok. All set for the chase. One slip and a gully. Three inside the circle on the off and two, inside the circle, on the leg side. Here we go.
 Innings Start
England
Australia
4th Match (D/N), Brisbane, Jan 19 2007, Commonwealth Bank Series
155
156/6
Player of the match is Michael Hussey, AUS
Australia won by 4 wickets (with 68 balls remaining)
