Data
2:56pm: Australia rack up a 300-plus total, again, the fourth highest in an ODI at Lord's. After rain delayed the start of play by an hour, David Warner was forced to retire hurt by a Finn bouncer, but Steven Smith and George Bailey scored fifties and added stability to the innings. Glenn Maxwell, Mitchell Marsh and Shane Watson then summoned some big blows. The England bowlers got the ball to nip around amid overcast conditions early in the day but their bowling at the death was sloppy. Be back in about 30 minutes for the chase. Over to Nikhil Kalro...
Kaushal K: "Australia's finishing looks in safe hands for the foreseeable future. First Faulkner, now Marsh can both strike it big in the closing overs. "
Woakes: It is a good score. If we keep wickets in hand, we have a good chance. I can't say I enjoyed bowling at the death. It was a good challenge. We did a reasonable job at the end. We lost a cluster of wickets in the middle (in the first ODI). Hopefully, we don't do that today.
48.6;W;Stokes to Marsh, OUT Marsh pops it behind off the last ball of the innings. Short, slower ball down the leg side at 110.4ks. Marsh was far too early into the pull and could only glove it to Buttler. Marsh has done his job, though, muscling Australia past 300;Mitchell Marsh c ?Buttler b Stokes 64 (43m 31b 7x4 3x6) SR: 206.45;
48.5;2;Stokes to Marsh, 2 runs full and on middle and leg, whipped through midwicket;
48.4;4;Stokes to Marsh, FOUR runs full toss on off as Stokes misses the yorker, lofted over mid-off for another four;
48.3;4;Stokes to Marsh, FOUR runs veering down leg, diverted fine with the angle. Easy pickings..;
48.2;4;Stokes to Marsh, FOUR runs slower, full ball on off from the back of the hand. Marsh spots it and dispatches it over mid-off. The hat-trick is averted;
48.1;W;Stokes to Wade, OUT short, lifting ball outside off. Wade is hurried onto a pull, he skews it in the air off a top edge, which is swallowed by Stokes himself. Simple return catch. The batsmen cross over and Marsh will be on strike;Matthew Wade c & b Stokes 1 (6m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
47.6;4;Woakes to Marsh, FOUR runs Fifty for Marsh. Roy nearly pulled off a stunning catch. Full in length and outside off, thumped to sweeper cover. Roy moves to his right, leaps off his feet, stretches out his right hand but can't snap it up. Neither can he flick it back into play. The ball pops out and sneaks away to the boundary;
47.5;6;Woakes to Marsh, SIX runs low full toss outside off, Marsh tonks it to the left of long-on for six;
47.4;2;Woakes to Marsh, 2 runs fullish and outside off, hoisted over the covers;
47.3;1;Woakes to Wade, 1 run Woakes tests Wade with a short ball on middle, which is pulled strongly over backward square leg. Marsh wanted the second but is sent back;
47.2;1;Woakes to Marsh, 1 run hacked away to mid-on off the inside half of the bat;
47.1;?;Woakes to Marsh, no run low full toss outside off, slapped to the covers;
46.6;W;Stokes to Watson, OUT Watson missed a kick in the T20I, he was a victim of a poor call and was run-out in the first ODI, he has holed off a low full toss in this game. Watson did not get under this properly and hit it straight down the throat of long-on. Stokes fires in a wicked stare...;Shane Watson c Plunkett b Stokes 39 (55m 38b 1x4 2x6) SR: 102.63;
46.5;1;Stokes to Marsh, 1 run banged in short and on middle, Stokes hustles Marsh for pace. Miscues a pull over midwicket;
46.4;1;Stokes to Watson, 1 run pretty full and on off, Watson makes room and crashes it to the covers;
46.3;?;Stokes to Watson, no run Stokes fires a yorker on middle, squeezed back to the bowler;
46.2;1;Stokes to Marsh, 1 run yorker, Marsh jams his bat down and manages an inside edge, which wanders away in front of the covers. They set off for a speedy single;
46.1;6;Stokes to Marsh, SIX runs Stokes goes wide of the crease and angled it full on middle, Marsh gets under it and skelps it over long-on;
39.6;?;Finn to Marsh, no run back of a length and around off, Marsh camps on the back foot and defends it to short cover;
39.5;W;Finn to Maxwell, OUT No fifty for Maxwell. Umpire Dharmasena's finger goes up. Maxwell has a chat with Watson and decides not to review. Nice and full and on middle, Maxwell shuffles across and topples over the flick as he is rapped on the front pad. Trapped in front..;Glenn Maxwell lbw b Finn 49 (41m 38b 4x4 3x6) SR: 128.94;
39.4;1;Finn to Watson, 1 run length and around off, Watson gets another edge down to third man;
39.3;2;Finn to Watson, 2 runs back of a length with some away movement in the channel. Watson is squared up as he thick-edges it past backward point to the right of deep third man;
39.2;1;Finn to Maxwell, 1 run shortish and on off, helped to long leg with a whirl of the wrists;
39.1;1;Finn to Watson, 1 run dug in short and on middle, controlled pull to deep square leg;
38.6;4;Ali to Maxwell, FOUR runs pushed through quicker, Maxwell takes it on a full toss and sweeps it away to the deep midwicket fence;
38.5;6;Ali to Maxwell, SIX runs loads of bottom-handed power, again! Similar ball, straight roller around off. Maxwell clears his front leg and launches it over long-off;
38.4;6;Ali to Maxwell, SIX runs What a strike from Maxwell. Full and on off, Maxwell runs down the track and marmalises it over long-off;
38.3;1;Ali to Watson, 1 run tossed up on off, Watson steps out and flicks it through square leg;
38.2;1;Ali to Maxwell, 1 run Maxwell goes low, takes this from outside off and sweeps it behind square;
38.1;1;Ali to Watson, 1 run length, non-turning ball on off, turned through midwicket;
45.6;?;Woakes to Watson, no run Woakes spears a yorker just outside off, Watson can't slice it away;
45.5;?;Woakes to Watson, no run low full toss on middle, hacked away to mid-off (Plunkett), who dives to his left and stops the ball;
45.4;1;Woakes to Marsh, 1 run too full and wide outside off, cracked to sweeper cover with a bent knee;
45.3;1;Woakes to Watson, 1 run back of a length and on middle, slugged away to long-on;
45.2;?;Woakes to Watson, no run back of a length and on off, Watson winds up and drills it straight to mid-off;
45.1;1;Woakes to Marsh, 1 run full and outside off, Marsh thrashes a drive to long-off;
45.1;1w;Woakes to Marsh, 1 wide slung miles wide outside off, past the tram-line;
44.6;1;Stokes to Marsh, 1 run back of a length and on a leg-stump line, punched to long-on;
44.5;4;Stokes to Marsh, FOUR runs back of a length and outside off, Marsh flat-bat thumps it ram-rod straight, sends it clattering away to the boundary;
44.4;?;Stokes to Marsh, no run Stokes does not get hold of a yorker outside off. He serves up a yorker. Instead of smashing it out of London, Marsh does not connect;
44.3;1;Stokes to Watson, 1 run fired full and on middle, Watson slinks away outside leg and skews it away to the left of the keeper;
44.2;?;Stokes to Watson, no run good length and on middle, Watson looks to manufacture room again but checks his stroke and ends up dabbing it to the covers;
44.1;2;Stokes to Watson, 2 runs back of a length and on middle, Watson steps away, makes room and manages an inside edge to long leg;
43.6;1;Finn to Watson, 1 run short and outside off, Watson waits on it before late-cutting it down to third man;
43.5;1;Finn to Marsh, 1 run slower, short ball, outside off. Marsh can't manufacture his own pace as he drags it to deep midwicket;
43.4;?;Finn to Marsh, no run might have been a slower ball, Marsh comes down the track. Swings and misses. Hoodwinked by the change of pace;
43.3;4;Finn to Marsh, FOUR runs too full and straight, picked away through backward square leg;
43.2;4;Finn to Marsh, FOUR runs Marsh dances down the track, Finn is wary of it as he shortens his length. Slapped away over the covers. Two fielders look to cut off the ball in the deep. No dice;
43.1;2;Finn to Marsh, 2 runs shortish and on middle, chipped over midwicket;
42.6;6;Ali to Watson, SIX runs and Watson finishes it with another six. Straight ball, Watson sizes it up and pastes a slog-sweep over deep midwicket. Australia are turning it on at Lord's.. Launched into the top-tier;
42.5;6;Ali to Watson, SIX runs massive, massive blow from Watson. Tossed up, Watson nips down the track and punts it forcefully over long-on;
42.4;?;Ali to Watson, no run flat ball, spins in from outside off. Watson wants to over-hit the pull but misses;
42.3;1;Ali to Marsh, 1 run slides on off, down the track and swiped to deep midwicket off the inside half of the bat;
42.2;6;Ali to Marsh, SIX runs pushed through quicker on the stumps, Marsh skips down the track and lustily clubs it over cow corner;
42.1;?;Ali to Marsh, no run length and on off, ugly-looking slog-sweep to midwicket;
41.6;?;Finn to Watson, no run back of a length, Watson aims to flick and pops it in front of extra-cover off a leading edge. Roy runs in, attacks the ball, but it does down in front of him;
41.5;?;Finn to Watson, no run full and on off, punchily driven but straight to mid-on;
41.4;4;Finn to Watson, FOUR runs back of a length and outside off, Watson cracks a cut to the left of a leaping backward point. He beats deep third man to his right;
41.3;1;Finn to Marsh, 1 run lifting ball outside off, check-flicked over square leg;
41.2;1;Finn to Watson, 1 run pitched up and on off, Watson clatters a drive to mid-off. Morgan dives full-stretch to his right and stops the ball. Super-sharp fielding..;
41.1;?;Finn to Watson, no run darted full on off, not a pin-point yorker. Squeezed out to off;
40.6;2;Ali to Marsh, 2 runs full and on middle, Marsh bisects it between mid-on and short midwicket with a wristy flick. Not as wristy as Steven Smith, though;
40.5;?;Ali to Marsh, no run pushed through on a fourth-stump line, worked to midwicket;
40.4;1;Ali to Watson, 1 run flat offbreak on off, forced to deep midwicket with the wrists;
40.3;1;Ali to Marsh, 1 run slides on middle and leg, tucked behind square;
40.2;1;Ali to Watson, 1 run Watson paddle-sweeps this from well outside off to fine leg;
40.1;?;Ali to Watson, no run fullish and on off, clipped to mid-on;
37.6;1;Finn to Watson, 1 run pitched up and outside off, right in Watson's driving slot. He bends his knee and drills it to short cover, where Taylor makes a half-save;
37.5;1;Finn to Maxwell, 1 run back of a length and on middle, eased to long leg;
37.4;?;Finn to Maxwell, no run length and outside off, Maxwell can't run it down to third man. Beaten;
37.3;1;Finn to Watson, 1 run dug in shortish and on off, Watson rocks back and pulls it to deep midwicket. It does not carry to Alex Hales, he does well to dive and take it on the half-volley;
37.2;?;Finn to Watson, no run tight line on off, Watson inches forward and drops it in front of the covers;
37.1;?;Finn to Watson, no run low full toss, dips in on middle, as Finn does not nail the yorker. Clipped to short midwicket;
36.6;?;Ali to Maxwell, no run tossed up, flicked to midwicket, where the fielder dives to his right and intercepts it;
36.5;?;Ali to Maxwell, no run fullish and on middle, knocked to the leg side;
36.4;4;Ali to Maxwell, FOUR runs pushed through on off, Maxi unleashes the reverse-sweep and hits it through backward point;
36.3;?;Ali to Maxwell, no run loopier on off, Maxi answers with a dead bat;
36.2;3;Ali to Watson, 3 runs turns in from outside off, glanced fine on the leg side;
36.1;1;Ali to Maxwell, 1 run quicker through the air, tucked around the corner;
35.6;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run flatter and on off, Maxi goes back and punches it down to long-on;
35.5;?;Rashid to Maxwell, no run slower through the air, poked out to the covers;
35.4;?;Rashid to Maxwell, no run good length and around off, defended;
35.3;?;Rashid to Maxwell, no run tossed up on off, tapped to the covers;
35.2;6;Rashid to Maxwell, SIX runs horrid short ball on a leg-stump line, Maxwell skips back and pummels a pull over backward square leg. Launched into the second-tier;
35.1;1;Rashid to Watson, 1 run looped up and outside off, laced to long-off;
34.6;1;Ali to Watson, 1 run pushed through on middle, flicked through midwicket;
34.5;?;Ali to Watson, no run this one grips in the pitch and turns in with extra bounce, Watson takes it on his stomach;
34.4;?;Ali to Watson, no run length and on off, Watson strides forward as he pushes it to the covers;
34.3;1;Ali to Maxwell, 1 run fullish and around off, driven smoothly to long-on;
34.2;?;Ali to Maxwell, no run quicker through the air around off, kept out;
34.1;?;Ali to Maxwell, no run flighted on off, Maxi bends forward to smother it;
33.6;?;Rashid to Watson, no run 51.5 mph, fuller outside off and patted to cover off the front foot;
33.5;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run overpitched on middle, drilled to long-on. Not much turn;
33.4;1;Rashid to Watson, 1 run full toss outside off, Watson comes down and drives to long-off;
33.3;W;Rashid to Smith, OUT oh, he's gone this time. Tame dismissal for Smith. He is distraught, nothing wicket for Rashid. Tossed up nicely outside off and Smith looks to drive through cover but the ball skews to point off the outer half of the bat;Steven Smith c Taylor b Rashid 70 (133m 87b 7x4 0x6) SR: 80.45;
33.2;2;Rashid to Smith, 2 runs beautiful batting by Smith again, skips down the track and chips the ball in the air over midwicket for two.;
33.1;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run some more flight outside off, Maxwell belts the drive down to long-off;
32.6;2;Ali to Smith, 2 runs nicely played once again by Smudge all along the ground. Lets the ball spin into him from outside off before working the ball to deep midwicket. Two more;
32.5;1;Ali to Maxwell, 1 run almost picks out deep midwicket. Full outside off, Maxwell stays in his crease and uppishly sweeps on the bounce to Stokes;
32.4;2;Ali to Maxwell, 2 runs shorter on middle, Maxwell rocks back and clips to square leg with soft hands allowing the pair to get through for two. Nice battin';
32.3;4;Ali to Maxwell, FOUR runs right in Maxwell's arc. Tossed up down leg, Maxwell gets down on one knee and plays a uppsish, powerful sweep behind square for four;
32.2;1;Ali to Smith, 1 run stays in his crease this time to drive through cover for one. Ali giving the ball plenty of air here;
32.1;?;Ali to Smith, no run smashed back at Moeen. Tossed up outside off, Smith comes down and clobbers a drive back to Moeen on the bounce;
31.6;?;Rashid to Maxwell, no run nicely flighted and well landed on off, Maxwell defensively pushes to midwicket;
31.5;1;Rashid to Smith, 1 run tossed up outside off, Smith comes down and converts the flight into a full toss before whipping to deep midwicket;
31.4;2;Rashid to Smith, 2 runs short and wide, easily cut away in front of point. He'll get an easy two;
31.3;2;Rashid to Smith, 2 runs picks the gap this time, for two. Too full and on middle and leg, Smith works off his pads to deep square leg;
31.2;?;Rashid to Smith, no run lots of turn again, but slow turn. Tossed up outside off, Smith stays in his crease and works the ball against the spin to midwicket;
31.1;?;Rashid to Smith, no run was that a googly? Probably. Outside off coming in, Smith doesn't really pick the variation and pushes back to the bowler;
30.6;1;Ali to Smith, 1 run some more flight, some more good batting with the turn to long-on. Nice batting by Smith. Just biding his time now;
30.5;?;Ali to Smith, no run nicely tossed up outside off, Smith advances and nudges but finds square leg;
30.4;1;Ali to Maxwell, 1 run full toss outside off. Maxwell drives to long-on again;
30.3;1;Ali to Smith, 1 run worked with the wrists this time, fullish on off, Smith uses his wrists to clip to deep square leg;
30.2;1;Ali to Maxwell, 1 run a repeat shot, a bit too full again and Maxwell finds long-on with the whip;
30.1;1;Ali to Smith, 1 run too much flight this time by Moeen, Smith works with the spin to long-on;
29.6;?;Plunkett to Maxwell, no run fuller again outside off, drilled to cover off the front foot;
29.5;2;Plunkett to Maxwell, 2 runs nicely played this time, a bit too full and Maxwell leans into his drive through cover. Moeen dives nicely to keep it to two;
29.4;4;Plunkett to Maxwell, FOUR runs edged and four. No slip and the ball goes through that second slip region. Good length outside off and Maxwell prods at it to get a genuine nick;
29.3;?;Plunkett to Maxwell, no run overpitched on middle this time, Maxwell squirts the ball to cover. A bit pacey for Maxwell;
29.2;?;Plunkett to Maxwell, no run good length just outside off, Maxwell stays back and defends into the off side with a straight bat;
29.1;1;Plunkett to Smith, 1 run shorter than a good length on middle, Smith shuffles across to work the ball to deep square leg;
28.6;?;Ali to Maxwell, no run better shout this time, but lots of doubt again. Tossed up outside off and comes in to hit Maxwell's pads but outside the line again.;
28.5;?;Ali to Maxwell, no run fuller again, clipped to midwicket with the turn;
28.4;?;Ali to Maxwell, no run some more spin, fuller outside off, spinning into Maxwell who is struck on the pads outside off;
28.3;?;Ali to Maxwell, no run very full on middle, drilled to midwicket;
28.2;W;Ali to Bailey, OUT and the change works. Maybe a loss in concentration by Bailey but that turned a mile. Beautiful drift by Moeen. Tossed up outside off with plenty of drift, pitches outside off and spins in to beat Bailey's flaying bat and take leg stump. Not only an offspinner's dream ball but a very vital wicket too.;George Bailey b Ali 54 (78m 72b 5x4 0x6) SR: 75;
28.1;?;Ali to Bailey, no run nicely tossed up on a good length, Bailey skips down to clip to midwicket;
27.6;?;Plunkett to Smith, no run 84.6 mph, full on middle, not great bowling. Smith whips the ball straight to midwicket where Taylor picks up and throws directly at the non-strikers end but Bailey is back. Easy decision for the third umpire;
27.5;1;Plunkett to Bailey, 1 run edged to third man. Good length outside off, straightened a touch helping kiss the outside edge.;
27.4;1;Plunkett to Smith, 1 run better line but a bit too wide this time. Smith opens the face of the bat to dab to third man;
27.3;2;Plunkett to Smith, 2 runs too full on his pads, England cannot bowl there to Smith. Easily worked off his pads behind square for two more;
27.2;?;Plunkett to Smith, no run 85.2 kph, very full just down leg. Smith walks across and misses the flick, just misses the leg stump. Rightly not called a wide;
27.1;1lb;Plunkett to Bailey, 1 leg bye full but drifts on Bailey's pads who is hustled for pace, hits his pads and rolls off to square leg;
26.6;4;Stokes to Smith, FOUR runs fifty for Smith now. Great innings by him too, coming in the first over. His runs in London continue to flow. Full and wide outside off, Smith throws his hands at the ball to get it in front of point for four.;
26.5;1;Stokes to Bailey, 1 run good length but just a hint of room which is enough for GB to open the face of the bat and drive to the sweeper cover off the back foot;
26.4;?;Stokes to Bailey, no run well bowled and well played. Quick and full on off, Bailey gets a good stride forward to defend;
26.3;?;Stokes to Bailey, no run short and wide, should have found a gap - any gap. But Bailey finds point with his cut;
26.2;?;Stokes to Bailey, no run good length on off, skewed back to the bowler off the inside half of the bat;
26.1;2;Stokes to Bailey, 2 runs two more, nice batting this. Fullish on off coming win with the angle generated by Stokes, Bailey clips just past midwicket and no hesitation in the second but a direct hit from the deep square leg fielder would have had him;
25.6;2;Plunkett to Smith, 2 runs oh beautiful shot, equally good fielding at the deep square leg boundary by Hales. Overpitched on leg and Smith delectably flicks uppishly but Hales is quick on the ball to keep the ball in the field of play;
25.5;2;Plunkett to Smith, 2 runs forced through cover for two. Very full again on or outside off, Smith opens the face to get the gap at cover;
25.4;?;Plunkett to Smith, no run fuller again on a fifth-stump line, blocked out to cover;
25.3;?;Plunkett to Smith, no run very very full on leg, maybe going down leg. Smith surprisingly misses his flick and there is an appeal but there was a big inside edge;
25.2;1;Plunkett to Bailey, 1 run 84.8 mph, fifty for Bailey. Great innings by him. Kept the run-rate high. Fullish outside off, skewed off to the sweeper;
25.1;?;Plunkett to Bailey, no run good stuff to start, full on off. Bailey cannot do much with that other than block back;
24.6;1;Stokes to Bailey, 1 run shortish length again outside off, Bailey chops into the ground off the back foot towards point;
24.5;?;Stokes to Bailey, no run beaten outside off. The good lengths and lines are working. Just a tad wide on a good length, Bailey tries to force through point but the ball is too close to him, misses his waft;
24.4;?;Stokes to Bailey, no run 86 mph, shorter than a good length outside off. Lovely lines these from Stokes. Bailey rocks back to defend into the cover region;
24.3;?;Stokes to Bailey, no run much fuller outside off, driven to cover with minimal feet movement;
24.2;1;Stokes to Smith, 1 run 80 mph, fuller than a good length on middle, Smith won't miss out on some easy runs. Nudges easily off his pads to deep square leg;
24.1;1lb;Stokes to Bailey, 1 leg bye shortish length on middle, Bailey looks to swivel-pull again but the ball rolls towards fine leg off the pad;
23.6;1;Rashid to Bailey, 1 run nice from Bailey, just picking the singles. He comes down to meet the ball as it pitches and drives to long-off with no trouble whatsoever;
23.5;1;Rashid to Smith, 1 run what a shot, some more flight outside off, Smith comes down and whips the ball to midwicket with discernible use of the wrists.;
23.4;1;Rashid to Bailey, 1 run tossed up again outside of, Bailey dances down the track and drives to long-off with the turn;
23.3;?;Rashid to Bailey, no run very full again with lots of air, picked to midwicket;
23.2;1;Rashid to Smith, 1 run flighted again, Smith comes down again and converts it into a yorker, squeezes the ball to long-off;
23.1;1;Rashid to Bailey, 1 run 48.7 mph, full on middle, use of the feet to get to the pitch of the ball and drive to long-on;
22.6;?;Stokes to Smith, no run not a bad over at all by Stokes in spite of the no ball. Fullish once more outside off, defended into the cover region;
22.5;1;Stokes to Bailey, 1 run nice running by Bailey. Fuller than a good length on off, Bailey pushes to mid-on with soft hands and immediately calls for one. They make it with ease but there is a fumble as well;
22.4;?;Stokes to Bailey, no run decent comeback by Stokes this, good length on a fourth-stump line, Bailey pushes to cover with not much feet movement;
22.3;?;Stokes to Bailey, no run short outside off, Bailey plays a similar swipe straight to mid-on and Finn takes an easy catch;
22.3;1nb;Stokes to Bailey, (no ball) misses his length totally, very high full toss outside off, Bailey swipes late to mid-off.;
22.2;?;Stokes to Bailey, no run nicely bowled. just a bit of nip into Bailey from outside off, Bailey clips to midwicket just in time;
22.1;?;Stokes to Bailey, no run fuller length again just outside off - fifth-stump line, defended to cover off the front foot;
21.6;?;Rashid to Smith, no run pushed through flatter this time on off, Smith stays back and pushes to cover. Better delivery with Smith in two minds as to how to play it;
21.5;1;Rashid to Bailey, 1 run opens the face of the bat to run the ball in front of point for one;
21.4;4;Rashid to Bailey, FOUR runs terrific shot, beautifully executed. Very full and wide with some air, Bailey picks his gap early and unfurls a uppish lofted drive over cover which lands just short of the boundary;
21.3;1;Rashid to Smith, 1 run nice use of the feet and wrists, flighted again on off and middle, Smith advances down and whips to long-on;
21.2;?;Rashid to Smith, no run 48.8 mph, tossed up outside off, Smith comes forward and drives to cover;
21.1;?;Rashid to Smith, no run nicely bowled. Not too much flight, not too flat outside off. Smith gets forward and blocks;
20.6;?;Stokes to Bailey, no run 87.2 mph, good finish by Stokes. Full outside off coming in with the angle, Bailey drives to point off the front foot;
20.5;?;Stokes to Bailey, no run a touch of width outside off on a fullish length, Bailey finds points with his cut;
20.4;?;Stokes to Bailey, no run better delivery, bowled from wider of the crease on a good length around off, calmly defended by Bailey;
20.4;1w;Stokes to Bailey, 1 wide aah, the fast-bowler's response. Very short on off stump, loops over the batsmans' head and is called wide;
20.3;4;Stokes to Bailey, FOUR runs just a touch short and Bailey quickly latches onto that length on middle stump. He rocks back quickly and whips the pull in the gap behind square again;
20.2;1;Stokes to Smith, 1 run shortish length outside off, Smith walks across in trademark fashion to tuck to deep square leg;
20.1;1;Stokes to Bailey, 1 run they steal a single, fullish outside off on a fuller length, Bailey drives towards cover who makes a good diving half-stop, but the pair quickly decide there is a run;
19.6;1;Rashid to Bailey, 1 run fullish length on middle and leg, Bailey comes forward and drills to long-on;
19.5;4;Rashid to Bailey, FOUR runs a bit too much flight and Bailey advances down the track and meets the ball as it pitches to drive comfortably through cover for another boundary;
19.4;?;Rashid to Bailey, no run googly outside off, driven back to the bowler;
19.3;1;Rashid to Smith, 1 run flighted outside off, Smith anticipated the change in length after the previous delivery and comes down the track to drive to long-of;
19.2;4;Rashid to Smith, FOUR runs rank long hop, extremely poor delivery but these are occasionally dished up by legspinners. Smith rocks back and pulls powerfully in the gap at deep square leg;
19.1;?;Rashid to Smith, no run tossed up outside off, Smith skips down the track and drives back to the bowler;
18.6;4;Plunkett to Bailey, FOUR runs poor ball and punished by Bailey. Full length drifting down the leg side, Bailey is set now and clips uppishly but picks the gap between fine leg and square leg easily. Not great lines from Plunkett;
18.5;?;Plunkett to Bailey, no run better lines, just outside off on a good length. Bailey rocks back again but tamely pats it towards the off side;
18.4;1;Plunkett to Smith, 1 run easy for Smith. Meat and drink for Smudge, stays back and tickles off the middle stump line to deep square leg;
18.3;1;Plunkett to Bailey, 1 run back of a length but Plunkett misses his line once more, Bailey hangs back and swivel-pulls to fine leg;
18.2;1;Plunkett to Smith, 1 run overpitched on middle this time, Smith plays to mid-on with the angle and sets off for a run immediately.;
18.1;1;Plunkett to Bailey, 1 run short of a length on leg stump, hustles Bailey for pace a touch who is on his toes while clipping to deep square leg;
17.6;?;Rashid to Smith, no run well-landed. Tossed up close to off stump, Smith gets on the front foot and drives to cover off the front foot;
17.5;1;Rashid to Bailey, 1 run nice use of the feet this time, some air from Rashid but Bailey dances down the track and drives to long-off;
17.4;1;Rashid to Smith, 1 run pushed through a bit flat with no flight, ends up a tad short. Smith punches down to long-off;
17.3;1;Rashid to Bailey, 1 run drifts on Bailey's legs this time, Bailey stays back and nudges off his pads to deep square leg;
17.2;?;Rashid to Bailey, no run better. A bit of flight and closer to a sixth-stump line, not a lot of spin but enough. Bailey leaves;
17.1;2;Rashid to Bailey, 2 runs short and wide to start, not the best of beginnings. Bailey hangs back and cuts late in front of point for two;
16.6;?;Plunkett to Smith, no run pitched up and outside off, Smith loads up for a cover-drive and ends up skewing it to midwicket;
16.5;1;Plunkett to Bailey, 1 run back of a length, punched to the off-side sweeper from outside off;
16.4;?;Plunkett to Bailey, no run hurled in full on middle, dug out;
16.3;2;Plunkett to Bailey, 2 runs back of a length and outside off, slapped through the covers. Taylor runs across to his right from sweeper, dives and makes an agile stop;
16.2;1;Plunkett to Smith, 1 run pitched up and on off, clipped through backward square leg, again;
16.1;2;Plunkett to Smith, 2 runs fullish and on off, picked away through backward square leg;
15.6;1;Stokes to Smith, 1 run short and rises on off, Smith milks it through midwicket;
15.5;?;Stokes to Smith, no run length and just a shade outside off, blocked up to the covers;
15.4;1;Stokes to Bailey, 1 run dug in shortish and outside off, dabbed in front of the covers;
15.3;?;Stokes to Bailey, no run full and tails in, Bailey mis-hits a flick to mid-on;
15.2;1;Stokes to Smith, 1 run full and at the stumps, whippy-punch to mid-on;
15.1;?;Stokes to Smith, no run pitched up and outside off, no stroke offered;
14.6;?;Plunkett to Bailey, no run length and angled in, carefully defended off the back foot;
14.5;?;Plunkett to Bailey, no run back of a length and outside off, Bailey punches and finds mid-off;
14.4;?;Plunkett to Bailey, no run good length and nips back in from outside off at 142.3ks, slices Bailey into half and beats the inside edge. Looked like a quick offcutter;
14.3;?;Plunkett to Bailey, no run back of a length and cuts back in to smack Bailey high on back thigh. It would have sailed over the stumps;
14.2;1;Plunkett to Smith, 1 run length and comes in, Smith keeps back and nudges it through square leg;
14.1;1;Plunkett to Bailey, 1 run Bailey takes this short ball from outside off and pulls firmly behind square on the leg side;
13.6;3;Stokes to Bailey, 3 runs fullish and outside off, he comes forward and drives it nicely behind point;
13.5;?;Stokes to Bailey, no run shortish and outside off, jabbing punch to point;
13.4;?;Stokes to Bailey, no run pitched up and no lateral movement outside off, driven down the ground;
13.3;1lb;Stokes to Smith, 1 leg bye full and straight, tickled to the left of the keeper;
13.2;?;Stokes to Smith, no run pitched up and outside off, driven towards the covers;
13.1;4;Stokes to Smith, FOUR runs short and on middle, Smith swivels on the back foot and controls a pull, sending it fine. Long leg is a lot squarer;
13.1;1w;Stokes to Smith, 1 wide slung down leg, wide. Inauspicious start for Stokes;
12.6;?;Plunkett to Bailey, no run fullish and comes in on off, tapped to mid-off. Testing over from Plunkett;
12.5;?;Plunkett to Bailey, no run Bailey strides forward and laces this full ball from outside off to mid-off;
12.4;1;Plunkett to Smith, 1 run dug in short and outside off, Smith skips across off and drags an attempted pull past midwicket;
12.3;?;Plunkett to Smith, no run back of a length and on middle, blocked in front of mid-on;
12.2;?;Plunkett to Smith, no run back of a length and too wide outside off, Smith has left the cut shot in the locker;
12.1;?;Plunkett to Smith, no run good length and holds its line around off, played to the covers;
11.6;?;Woakes to Bailey, no run full and attacking off, Bailey hangs back and defends to mid-on;
11.5;?;Woakes to Bailey, no run length and on off, blocked to leg;
11.4;?;Woakes to Bailey, no run half-volley on middle, drilled back to the bowler, who goes low to his right in his follow-through and stops the ball;
11.3;2;Woakes to Bailey, 2 runs veering onto the pads, glanced down to long leg;
11.2;?;Woakes to Bailey, no run tight line on off, brings Bailey forward into another defensive push, this time back to the bowler;
11.1;?;Woakes to Bailey, no run pitched up and on off, patted to mid-off off the front foot;
10.6;1;Plunkett to Bailey, 1 run short and climbs outside off Bailey rides it to third man;
10.5;4;Plunkett to Bailey, FOUR runs that's so pretty that it should be danced to at weddings. This was a bit overpitched and outside off, Bailey eases forward and caresses it to the right of mid-off;
10.4;?;Plunkett to Bailey, no run length and outside off, left alone;
10.3;2;Plunkett to Bailey, 2 runs picked away from a middle-and-leg line through backward square leg;
10.2;?;Plunkett to Bailey, no run short and lifts outside off, Bailey hoists his bat above his shoulder and leaves;
10.1;2;Plunkett to Bailey, 2 runs fullish and on middle and leg, clipped through backward square leg;
9.6;?;Woakes to Smith, no run full and comes in, Smith flits around in the crease and dribbles it back to the bowler;
9.5;?;Woakes to Smith, no run fullish and around off, defensive push to mid-off;
9.4;?;Woakes to Smith, no run full and probes away outside off, Smith swishes his bat out of the way;
9.3;4;Woakes to Smith, FOUR runs Smith brings his dexterous wrists into play, again. Overpitched and around off, Smith gives it marching orders through midwicket with another sublime flick;
9.2;?;Woakes to Smith, no run back of a length and around off, Smith jumps across off and blocks it in front of mid-on;
9.1;?;Woakes to Smith, no run full and on a fourth-stump line, Smith inches forward and answers with a dead bat;
8.6;?;Finn to Bailey, no run full again and nips back in sharply from outside off. Nearly shaved the off stump. Tight, tight leave from Bailey;
8.5;W;Finn to Burns, OUT The middle stump is tiled back. Finn shoots through Burns' gate. He has been pretty good with the drive but fails this time. This was full and curves in, Burns sets up for a drive and does not connect. Finn rips through the bat-pad gap and that's timbaaaah!;Joe Burns b Finn 22 (40m 26b 4x4 0x6) SR: 84.61;
8.4;1;Finn to Smith, 1 run back of a length and on off, Smith shuffles across off (should I say that?) and tucks it through backward square leg;
8.3;1;Finn to Burns, 1 run shortish and directed down the leg side, helped to long leg with a controlled pull;
8.3;1w;Finn to Burns, 1 wide sliding down the leg side, umpire Tim Robinson calls it a wide;
8.2;4;Finn to Burns, FOUR runs overpitched and on the stumps, Burns offers a dead-straight bat and drills it to the left of Smith. Punchily driven to the boundary;
8.1;?;Finn to Burns, no run drifting onto the hips, nudged to square leg;
7.6;?;Woakes to Smith, no run pretty full and seams away outside off, beating the outside edge. Smith wafts loosely and misses..;
7.5;4;Woakes to Smith, FOUR runs this time Smith connects impressively. Smith skips across off, takes it from an off-stump line and flicks it in the gap between midwicket and mid-on;
7.4;?;Woakes to Smith, no run Smith shuffles across the off the stump as Woakes slips it over the leg stump. Smith does not connect with the flick;
7.3;?;Woakes to Smith, no run full and outside off, Smith shoulders arms;
7.2;?;Woakes to Smith, no run back of a length and moves in off the seam as Smith is rapped on the pad, again;
7.1;?;Woakes to Smith, no run length and outside off, Smith offers no stroke. The ball brushes the back thigh en route to the keeper. It would missed off, extra bounce would also work in Smith's favour. The tracker confirms it..;
6.6;?;Finn to Burns, no run shorter and zips away outside off, left alone;
6.5;?;Finn to Burns, no run back of a length and holds its line around off, defended in front of cover;
6.5;1w;Finn to Burns, 1 wide Finn loses his radar. He slings a bouncer down leg. Burns half-ducks under it;
6.4;4;Finn to Burns, FOUR runs beats mid-off to his left for back-to-back fours. Another half-volley outside off, driven sweetly past Morgan at mid-off. The outfield is pretty quick, despite the early-morning rain;
6.3;4;Finn to Burns, FOUR runs a tad overpitched and outside off, Burns likes it there as he crunches a drive through square point. Whistles away to the boundary;
6.2;?;Finn to Burns, no run back of a length and swerves back in alarmingly to beat the inside edge. Burns was hanging back for a defensive push. No dice..;
6.1;?;Finn to Burns, no run back of a length, top-of-off line, blocked to mid-off;
5.6;?;Woakes to Smith, no run good length and jags in on off, Smith flicks it tamely to mid-on;
5.5;?;Woakes to Smith, no run Woakes tests Smith with a short ball, he aims for a pull and inside-edges it onto his unmentionables..;
5.4;4;Woakes to Smith, FOUR runs very, very wristy! Pitched up and on off, Smith shuffles across and flicks it beautifully through midwicket;
5.3;1;Woakes to Burns, 1 run banged in short and on middle, not much sting on it as Burns skips back and pulls it firmly over backward square leg;
5.2;1;Woakes to Smith, 1 run fuller with a hint of away movement outside off, poked out behind point;
5.1;?;Woakes to Smith, no run fullish and some movement outside off, Smith is beaten on the drive;
4.6;?;Finn to Burns, no run on a good length and curls back in off the seam to strike the pad. The lbw appeal amounts to nothing;
4.5;?;Finn to Burns, no run good length and curls in, Burns is squared up. He looked to flick it towards midwicket and ends up poking towards the covers;
4.4;?;Finn to Burns, no run back of a length with some nip in, Burns judges it well and ignores;
4.3;?;Finn to Burns, no run full and straight as Burns turns it straight to mid-on;
4.2;1;Finn to Smith, 1 run pitched up and comes in on off, Smith keeps back and taps a single between square leg and midwicket;
4.1;4;Finn to Smith, FOUR runs banged in short and width outside off. Smith sees it. He likes it. He slashes it up and over backward point;
3.6;2;Woakes to Burns, 2 runs picked away off the pads to long leg, Moeen mops up in the deep;
3.5;?;Woakes to Burns, no run good length and zips away outside off, no stroke offered;
3.4;1;Woakes to Smith, 1 run fullish and around off, clipped towards mid-on for one;
3.3;?;Woakes to Smith, no run Woakes bangs it shortish and just outside off, Smith blunts it in front of the bowler;
3.2;?;Woakes to Smith, no run tempter wide outside off, tails away as well. Smith watches it through to the keeper;
3.1;?;Woakes to Smith, no run back of a length and swerves back in, Smith plays back and manages an inside edge that dribbles past the leg stump;
2.6;?;Finn to Burns, no run Finn shortens his length and gets it to duck back in, Burns targets the leg side with a flick but does not connect. He takes it on his pad;
2.5;4;Finn to Burns, FOUR runs first four of the day.. Pitched further up and just a shade outside off, Burns opens the face of his bat and drives it handsomely through the covers;
2.4;?;Finn to Burns, no run short and tests Burns outside off, he does not bother with it;
2.3;1;Finn to Smith, 1 run back of a length and outside off, Smith punchily drives it to the left of mid-off and gets off the mark after seven balls;
2.2;?;Finn to Smith, no run back of a length and angled in, Smith works it towards midwicket;
2.1;1;Finn to Burns, 1 run shortish and tucking up Burns for room, Burns jams his bat down and manages an inside edge, which wanders away to the leg side;
1.6;?;Woakes to Smith, no run back of a length and targetting off, Smith ventures across off, as he often does, and blocks it. Maiden;
1.5;?;Woakes to Smith, no run length and outside off, Smith pushes it to point;
1.4;?;Woakes to Smith, no run pitched further up and Woakes gets this to cut back in, Smith hunts for a booming drive through the covers and misses... Beaten on the inside edge;
1.3;?;Woakes to Smith, no run length and seams away wide outside off, Smith lets it be;
1.2;?;Woakes to Smith, no run good length and Woakes explores the channel, ignored;
1.1;?;Woakes to Smith, no run back of a length and outside off, Smith flashes a cut off the toe end of the bat. Taylor flings to his left from backward point and makes a smart save;
0.6;?;Finn to Burns, no run full and swerves in on middle and leg, Burns plays a weak flick and finds mid-on;
0.5;?;Finn to Burns, no run back of a length, hint of away shape outside off, Burns lets it pass;
0.4;?;Finn to Burns, no run banged in short and just a shade outside off as Burns keeps back and diffuses it in front of mid-on;
0.3;?;Finn to Burns, no run good length and on a fourth-stump line, patted towards point off the face;
0.2;1;Finn to Warner, 1 run 84.6mph lifter, prancing delivery. Warner leaps of his feet and looks to fend it to leg. Instead, he pops it over the keeper's head;David Warner retired hurt 1 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
0.1;1;Finn to Burns, 1 run fractionally short and on middle, Burns hangs back and milks a single towards square leg;

11:28am Warner and Burns stride out to the middle; England disperse from a huddle. Four bowlers can bowl a maximum of 10 overs while one can bowl nine. Finn takes the new ball from the Pavilion End. Two slips in place. Play gets underway, finally. Let's roll...
11:15am: It has turned gloomy, again. Floodlights have been switched on at the HQ.
11am: England win the toss and choose to bowl against unchanged Australia.
Eoin Morgan: The wicket still looks good but overhead here, I don't think we're going to see much sun today. Mark Wood has been rested and Liam Plunkett comes in. We are a long way away from a finished article.
So, the hosts go for extra pace. Willey misses the cut, again.
Steven Smith: I would have had a bowl. It was nice playing here last time. Hopefully, some more of the same today. We had a good start to the series and hopefully, we can continue. I think we did not start well with the ball, but we came back.
Shahzaib: "England should set a Test-like field, especially slip cordon, and try to bowl at full driving length and have Australia edging behind."
Hunbbel Meer: "Still a bad decision to leave out Wiley. You need bowlers who can add some variety to your bowling attack and pick up a few early wickets with the new ball. Don't know what England is thinking!" -- Hmm, pace is also weapon. Pace+accuracy is even dangerous.
10:30am: Gnasher has another update for us: The main cover now being removed...can see the pitch for the first time. And the players have made their way out.
The sun is peeking through Lord's. Yay! Toss at 11:00am and play will start at 11:30am, though. We will have a 49-overs per side affair.
Theo: "except for the blip at Trent Bridge, the teams have been alternating wins. So the final score of the ODIs will be 3:2 for Oz"
Aman: "Tennis comparisons...eh?? Well Nick Kyrgios might not be winning any fans at the moment but the Aussies Cricket Team are big entertainers. --- And Shane Warne offered some advice to Kyrgois.
Jason Roy: Few nerves coming in. Huge shame I din't crack on and win the game for the boys.
Reeba: "After watching some epic US open matches, I am predicting a 3-2 scoreline to England, after Fab Fognini and Andy Murray's wins in 5 set thrillers!"
10:15am: The drizzle has stopped and the covers are coming off. The tractor and the groundstaff are being kept busy. The players aren't out, yet.
While we continue playing the waiting game, here's a question - 100 runs, four wickets and a catch: which players have done all three in the same ODI?
Shrijal: "Only 3 people has done it Tendulkar, Collingwood and Hafeez."
Srihari: "Sachin has every ODI record in the book, I assume he has this one as well." --- Your assumption is righto.
Ravi: "Is it the "Professor", Mohammad Hafeez?" -- Yes, he achieved the feat against Sri Lanka in Dambulla in July.
Sanjeevi Mugesh: "Paul Collingwood did that record against Bangladesh at Nottingham. Scored 112 runs, took 6 wickets and and a catch."
Sourav: "Yuvi?" -- Wrong
AnupJR: "Tillakratne Dilshan. How easy!" -- Nope..
Zander: "I'm guessing Jacques Kallis would be one of them" --- Not a bad guess, but it's not right.
George: "Is there a back-up day for this ODI as tomorrows forecast seems to be sunny?" - Nope
Pat Cummins: It was a very good team win. England started well but we bowled well in the middle period. I've been here for three months. I was there for the Ashes campaign, I was itching to get a game. Accuracy is the key. I have been playing a lot of cricket, mainly one-dayers and T20s. I am in a good place. I have been bowling in the nets with the red ball. Hopefully, Test matches are not far away.
10am It's official. The toss has been delayed at Lord's.
Spencer : ""The weather's improving". The Brits have been saying that for centuries."
Khaqan Khan: "If 10am toss not possible than what could be the possible time and how's the weather for the duration of the game?" -- Gotta play the waiting game but the positive news is that the weather is improving.
Meanwhile, you can join Gnasher and and comb through England's aggressive mindset: James Taylor isn't afraid of looking silly. Bombs away, he says.


The toss has been delayed here at Lord's. No set time yet. More to follow #ENGvAUS pic.twitter.com/oD9wi3i7Z0 ? cricket.com.au (@CricketAus) September 5, 2015


9:50am: The rain is clearing off. "The clouds have lifted a bit but doubtful about a 10am toss though," Gnasher reports.
Mark: "England's reaction will be interesting. Against New Zealand the series started with New Zealand going 2-1 after an initial win. Everyone thought "it's going to be 4-1 now", but the side came back. Can they come back in this series too? "
Raina: "Australia may have the depth but you can't count New England out."
9:40am: Phew, (I'm afraid) a dampner first up. Our deputy editor Andrew McGlashan who is at the ground pings that there has been a steady drizzle since morning. "Groundstaff doing some work but covers still on and umbrellas up," Gnasher says.
While we wait on the rain and the toss, do read Brydon Coverdale's scene-setter.

"So often it seems that Australia lose an Ashes series in England and then win the one-dayers that follow. Perhaps they feel the need to prove themselves after such a defeat, perhaps England take their foot off the gas, or perhaps Australia are simply a better ODI side."


9:30am Greetings, everyone. David Warner and Joe Burns set it up, Matthew Wade loaded it up, and the bowlers closed it out at the Rose Bowl. The Steven Smith era was cracked open with a sizeable win. What does Lord's have in store for us today?
 Innings Start
7.00pm Steven Smith was booed off the field after his presentation. Lots of interpretations regarding the Stokes' dismissal. Sets up interestingly for the third ODI on Tuesday. Till then, ciao.
6.50pm England are currently having a closed-doors meeting. Hence, the presentation has been slightly delayed.
Eoin Morgan: "After winning the toss and bowling, it was important to hold our disciplines but we failed to do so. We are a learning team and playing against a tough opposition who are a well-drilled side. Managed to get some time in the middle an you get good value for runs here at the Home of cricket. It's difficult, when a guy throws a ball at you from 5 yards its difficult to get out of the way, it was what it was. The decision was given. Yep (when asked if he would have withdrawn the appeal).
Steven Smith: "It's disappointing, the decision was given and the umpires saw it the way we saw it. That was the decision made, I don't want to shy away from the face we played some good cricket. I thought our fielding was quite sloppy. Still lots of improvement to be done in the remaining games."
Mitchell Marsh is the Man of the Match. "It's been a nice start. Hopefully, this can continue. We have all worked extremely hard. It's a great all-round win. Was swinging a bit too hard (in the previous game).
6.35pm Righto, lots of talking points today. Firstly, it has been an entertaining match. England, like in the first ODI, were on course for good chunks of the chase but lost wickets too frequently to really stand a chance. Lots of starts but a point worth mentioning was Eoin Morgan's fighting innings, a really brisk, clever 85.
Among those wickets, was the dismissal of Ben Stokes who was given out obstructing the field. Was he taking evasive action? Did the left hand come out too far as he blocked the ball from hitting the stumps? The third umpire looked at replays and gave him out, which from his point of view and according to me, was the right call. That wicket certainly pushed England back and didn't find their way back till Morgan's late blitz. Another important factor is David Warner is out of the series with a fractured thumb.
Srihari: "Amidst all the hoopla surrounding the Stokes dismissal, what must not be forgotten is the real reason why England are 0-2 down in the series. Their top order's failure to convert starts into big scores is what cost them both games."
42.3;W;Cummins to Morgan, OUT gone this time, that's the end of an amazing innings by Morgan and a really, good match. Australia win by 64 runs. Morgan and Smith have a chat while shaking hands. Good length outside off, Morgan looks to clear the long-off boundary with a heave but the ball lobs up nicely and sits in long-off's lap. Australia go 2-0 up in the five-match series.;Eoin Morgan c Maxwell b Cummins 85 (135m 87b 4x4 4x6) SR: 97.7;
42.2;1lb;Cummins to Finn, 1 leg bye oh, they steal the single. Good length but closer to off, Finn is hit on the thighs and Morgan calls him through for the single as the ball rolls towards point. There is a quick but inaccurate throw at the non-strikers end.;
42.1;?;Cummins to Finn, no run good length outside off, Finn chooses to leave the ball;
41.6;?;Starc to Morgan, no run they manage to stop the single as well. Very quick low full toss, Morgan looks to heave but skews the ball to short cover who is tight on the one. Good captaincy;
41.5;?;Starc to Morgan, no run another well-executed yorker, speared in with some reverse on off, Morgan drives to mid-off;
41.4;?;Starc to Morgan, no run full yorker outside off, Morgan cannot get under that, he drives to cover and refuses the single;
41.3;1;Starc to Finn, 1 run full and overpitched on leg, Finn does his job as he nurdles behind square for one;
41.3;1w;Starc to Finn, 1 wide wide from Starc. Goes for the bouncer but drifts down leg.;
41.2;?;Starc to Finn, no run quick yorker attempted but ends up as a low full toss. Finn manages to keep it out.;
41.1;W;Starc to Plunkett, OUT Starc is accurate first up, silencing the crowd. A ball he has gained lots of applause for over the past few months. From around the wicket, full and straight with a hint of reverse. Plunkett backs away, makes room but is cleaned up. The leg stump is taken.;Liam Plunkett b Starc 24 (17m 12b 5x4 0x6) SR: 200;
40.6;2;Coulter-Nile to Morgan, 2 runs and another with not as much timing though. Very full and wide, Morgan skews the ball over cover for two.;
40.5;4;Coulter-Nile to Morgan, FOUR runs Morgan is at it again. What a shot. Absolutely stunning to watch. He gives himself some room and smashes the ball over cover for another boundary. Hmm, gettin' interestin'.;
40.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Plunkett, 1 run just the one this time. Very full outside off, Plunkett lofts the ball with no timing over cover;
40.3;4;Coulter-Nile to Plunkett, FOUR runs edged for four this time. Luck certainly favouring the brave Plunkett who advances and looks to force through the off side.;
40.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Morgan, 1 run nice delivery, yorker on off stump, Morgan can only drill the ball to long-off;
40.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Morgan, no run slower offcutter outside off, Morgan shuffles across but hits the man at point.;
39.6;?;Cummins to Plunkett, no run just falls short. Plunkett drives the fullish length to mid-off. Smashed that. Lord's is bustling once again.;
39.5;4;Cummins to Plunkett, FOUR runs fourth boundary of the over. Just a hint too short from Cummins who swipes the ball through midwicket for another four runs.;
39.4;4;Cummins to Plunkett, FOUR runs and another one. WOW. Short and wide, definitely a poor delivery by Cummins. Plunkett gets behind the line and plays a really nice cut through point. Well timed too.;
39.4;1w;Cummins to Plunkett, 1 wide down leg this time. Cummins was looking to follow Plunkett who backed away, strays too wide though;
39.3;4;Cummins to Plunkett, FOUR runs four more. Are Australia losing the plot here? Not a bad ball though. Shortish length on off, Plunkett gives himself room and heaves the length well over mid-on.;
39.2;?;Cummins to Plunkett, no run slightly short outside off, not much width though but Plunkett looks to cut. He is beaten on the outside edge;
39.1;4;Cummins to Plunkett, FOUR runs take four out of the 97, what a shot LP. Just calmly leans into the straight drive to get it past mid-off for four. Clever battin';
38.6;1;Marsh to Plunkett, 1 run drifts on Plunkett's pads who whips to Starc at fine leg, who receives some more booing.;
38.5;1;Marsh to Morgan, 1 run nicely played again, just calmly pushing the full ball outside off to the sweeper cover for one;
38.4;6;Marsh to Morgan, SIX runs the best of the lot. Morgan, you beauty. He skips down the track and absolutely clobbers the fuller length well over the long-on boundary. Not yet over this game. What a shot. Best of the day, for me.;
38.3;6;Marsh to Morgan, SIX runs what an effort from NCN at the fine leg boundary. Good length on leg this time, Morgan clips the ball in the air with good timing. NCN takes a great catch and throws the ball back in at fine leg. NCN signals six to the umpire, but replays are inconclusive. Given six eventually.;
38.2;4;Marsh to Morgan, FOUR runs another good shot. Just picking his spots and executing perfectly. Good length outside off, Morgan makes some room and lofts the ball easily and effortlessly over mid-off;
38.1;1;Marsh to Plunkett, 1 run good from Plunkett too. Good length outside off, pushed into the gap to the sweeper cover for one.;
37.6;6;Cummins to Morgan, SIX runs what a response from the captain. Another bouncer at Morgan's helmet who gives himself some room and pulls the ball long and deep over the fine leg boundary. Superlative batting.;
37.5;1;Cummins to Plunkett, 1 run great delivery to greet him though. good bouncer on middle, Plunkett awkwardly fends the ball into the leg side, just lobbed up into the leg side;
37.4;W;Cummins to Rashid, OUT another wicket. If England were in trouble then, they are in deeper trouble now. Fullish on off, Rashid clips the ball uppishly and straight to mid-on, where NCN takes a diving catch to his left.;Adil Rashid c Coulter-Nile b Cummins 2 (10m 8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
37.3;?;Cummins to Rashid, no run good length again on middle and off, Rashid squirts the ball to cover off the outside half of the bat;
37.2;1;Cummins to Morgan, 1 run another well-directed bouncer from Cummins. Impressive spell this. Morgan rolls his wrists on the ball to keep his pull down as the ball goes to deep square leg;
37.1;?;Cummins to Morgan, no run very full on off, 91 mph, generating some impressive pace here is Cummins. Morgan skews the ball out to cover;
36.6;?;Marsh to Rashid, no run another pretty good bouncer at 81 mph, towards the batsman's throat again. Rashid misses his pull. Good tight over;
36.5;?;Marsh to Rashid, no run 82,6 mph, full on off, Rashid whips the ball to mid-on with good use of the wrists;
36.4;?;Marsh to Rashid, no run very short again outside off, Rashid looks to ramp the ball over the keeper with a delicate upper cut but misses;
36.3;1;Marsh to Morgan, 1 run slower delivery outside off, Morgan cuts off the back foot to Starc at third man who as to deal with plenty of boos as he fields;
36.2;1;Marsh to Rashid, 1 run nicely punched. Rashid stands tall to punchily drive the length ball to the sweeper cover;
36.1;?;Marsh to Rashid, no run good length delivery outside off, Rashid works the ball with the angle to point;
35.6;?;Cummins to Morgan, no run he gets clipped on the helmet this time. Cummins goes up to Morgan immediately to enquire about his well being. Another excellently directed bouncer towards the badge, Morgan takes his eyes off the ball and tries to evade the bouncer. As he looks away, the back of the head is vulnerable. Just about got the helmet. Could have been very nasty. Morgan isn't wearing the protective part at the back of the helmet. He is fine though;
35.5;?;Cummins to Morgan, no run nice bouncer. Well directed again by Cummins. Morgan hangs back and the ball hits the handle of the bat, Morgan withdraws his hands just in time.;
35.4;1;Cummins to Rashid, 1 run short on the hips and Rashid works the ball towards midwicket for one;
35.3;W;Cummins to Woakes, OUT is that out? Given. Woakes goes now. England falling apart. Woakes looks to swivel-pull the ball into the leg side but gets a thick inside edge which carries low to Wade. Lord's is quiet. The Stokes dismissal has had a bearing impact on the game.;Chris Woakes c ?Wade b Cummins 6 (11m 12b 1x4 0x6) SR: 50;
35.2;?;Cummins to Woakes, no run nice timing, full outside off, Woakes nicely drives the ball on the up to mid-off, cannot find the gap though;
35.1;1;Cummins to Morgan, 1 run 87 mph, shortish delivery outside off, Morgan ramps the ball down to third man;
34.6;?;Maxwell to Woakes, no run flight from around the wicket, Woakes works the ball with the turn to midwicket;
34.5;1;Maxwell to Morgan, 1 run slightly short on middle and off, Morgan rocks back before turning the ball towards deep midwicket;
34.4;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run full on middle, drilled back to the bowler;
34.3;2;Maxwell to Morgan, 2 runs short and wide, nicely played by Morgan. Hangs back and cuts the ball in front of cover off the front foot to bring up his fifty. Excellent fighting innings from the captain;
34.2;1;Maxwell to Woakes, 1 run flighted again outside off, whipped off past midwicket for one;
34.1;?;Maxwell to Woakes, no run tossed up outside off, clipped to midwicket off the front foot;
33.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Woakes, 1 run fullish length this time outside off, pushed into the cover region for the one;
33.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Woakes, no run shorter length outside off, rises up from a length. Beats Woakes' attempted steer;
33.4;4;Coulter-Nile to Woakes, FOUR runs nicely played, runs the length ball outside off with the open face towards the third man boundary. Good batting;
33.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Woakes, no run shorter length on off stump. Good channel. Pushed into the leg side towards mid-on;
33.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Woakes, no run 86 mph, good length on off, Woakes defends into the off side off the front foot;
33.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Morgan, 1 run short on leg, worked down to fine leg with a pull;
32.6;?;Maxwell to Woakes, no run pushed through wide outside off, Woakes harmlessly pats to short third man;
32.5;?;Maxwell to Woakes, no run flighted from outside off, Woakes gets forward and blocks;
32.4;1;Maxwell to Morgan, 1 run nicely tossed up outside off, Morgan gets inside the line and opens the face to guide the ball in front of cover;
32.3;W;Maxwell to Ali, OUT gone this time. Moeen goes. Another rather soft wicket. Moeen gets down to sweep and gets a thick top edge, the ball flies off towards deep square leg who settles under it early and takes an easy catch. Nothing delivery from Maxwell but England in serious trouble now.;Moeen Ali c Marsh b Maxwell 8 (19m 15b 0x4 0x6) SR: 53.33;
32.2;?;Maxwell to Ali, no run was that a drop? Very hard catch though. Offspin from outside off, Moeen looks to cut and gets a thick outside edge, Smith dives to his right but cannot hold onto a tough chance;
32.1;1;Maxwell to Morgan, 1 run slow offspin from Maxi on off, Morgan rocks back to work towards long-on;
31.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Morgan, 1 run keeps it short and outside off, steered down to third man.;
31.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Ali, 1 run short and outside off, lashed to deep cover;
31.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Ali, no run shortish ball outside off, blocked;
31.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Morgan, 1 run back of a length and outside off, rides it down to third man;
31.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Morgan, no run nice and full on middle and leg, tapped back to the bowler;
31.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Morgan, no run back of a length and on middle, defended back to the bowler;
30.6;?;Maxwell to Ali, no run length and around off, dabbed to point;
30.5;1;Maxwell to Morgan, 1 run fuller and on middle and leg, clipped through midwicket;
30.4;6;Maxwell to Morgan, SIX runs 'caatch' is the cry but Morgan clears mid-on, who was running back. Tossed up, Morgan takes the aerial route and lofts it over the fielder;
30.3;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run slides on outside off, Morgan leans back and cuts it to point;
30.2;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run pushed through on middle, blocked, again;
30.1;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run straight ball on middle, blocked;
29.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Morgan, 1 run banged in short, he looks to pull and drags it behind off an inside edge;
29.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Ali, 1 run wide outside off, Moeen secures a single to third man;
29.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Ali, no run back of a length and outside off, under-edges it to the keeper;
29.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Morgan, 1 run shortish and slides away outside off, glided to third man;
29.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Ali, 1 run banged in short and on middle, Moeen seeks to pull and top-edges it, does not carry to deep square;
29.1;2;Coulter-Nile to Ali, 2 runs shortish and on the hips, flipped through the gap at midwicket;
28.6;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run darted at 90.7ks, kept out;
28.5;1;Maxwell to Ali, 1 run;
28.4;1;Maxwell to Morgan, 1 run Starc almost takes it on a rebound. Reverse-swept forcefully to short third man, where Starc leaps off his feet, pops the ball higher, only to shell it on the rebound. It's all happening at Lord's;
28.3;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run fullish and on middle, driven to mid-off;
28.2;1;Maxwell to Ali, 1 run flat and turning away, punched through point;
28.1;?;Maxwell to Ali, no run looped up on middle, defended;
27.6;?;Starc to Morgan, no run yorker on off, dug out;
27.5;4;Starc to Morgan, FOUR runs too full and down leg, helped fine on the leg side. 150 up for the hosts;
27.4;?;Starc to Morgan, no run pitched up and on middle, driven back to the bowler;
27.3;?;Starc to Morgan, no run full and on middle and leg, clipped to mid-on;
27.2;1lb;Starc to Ali, 1 leg bye Starc hurls a yorker, Moeen does not meet with a flick and takes a leg-bye;
27.2;2nb;Starc to Morgan, (no ball) 1 run dug in short and outside off, lashed to third man. No-ball called and boos turn into cheers;
27.1;?;Starc to Morgan, no run back of a length and around off, inside-edges it onto his pad;
26.6;?;Maxwell to Ali, no run slides on off, kept out off the back foot;
26.5;1;Maxwell to Morgan, 1 run nudged off the pads behind square;
26.4;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run flat and darted on off, punched to mid-on;
26.3;1;Maxwell to Ali, 1 run dips in on middle and leg, knocked in front of midwicket;
26.2;W;Maxwell to Buttler, OUT an appeal for lbw, Tim Robinson does not budge. Australia want a review. Maxi's front foot is fine. Flighted on middle, with a hint of turn. He misses the defensive push, is beaten on the inside edge and is rapped on the front pad. The ball pitched in line, impact in line, it would have hit the top of middle. Buttler is sent packing for a three-ball duck..;Jos Buttler lbw b Maxwell 0 (5m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
26.1;1;Maxwell to Morgan, 1 run flat and quick, short-arm pull through midwicket;
25.6;?;Starc to Buttler, no run tight line outside off, dabbed to point;
25.5;?;Starc to Buttler, no run back of a length and on middle, worked to leg;
25.4;W;Starc to Stokes, OUT pretty full and on the stumps at 145ks, Stokes drives back to the bowler, who stretches his left hand and plucks it out. He has a aim at the stumps (sensing a run-out chance), Stokes, who is out of the crease, fends the throw off with his left glove/ instinctively looks to protect himself, as he loses his balance and collapses on the floor. Wade goes up. Starc appeals. Umpires Dharmasena and Robinson converge. The soft signal is not out. Stokes has been given out obstructing the field by the TV umpire Joe Wilson. Smith, Morgan intervene and have a chat with the umpires. Boos ring around Lord's. Morgan isn't happy. Stokes drags himself off the field. Roy, in the balcony, can't believe it. Drama! Drama!;Ben Stokes obstructing the field 10 (18m 7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 142.85;
25.3;4;Starc to Stokes, FOUR runs nice and full outside off again, Stokes wants to thrash a cover-drive but edges it through vacant slip;
25.2;1;Starc to Morgan, 1 run too full and outside off, forward and driven through the covers;
25.1;?;Starc to Morgan, no run full and wide outside off, Morgan drives loosely and misses;
24.6;1;Maxwell to Morgan, 1 run tossed up on middle, laced to long-off;
24.5;3;Maxwell to Stokes, 3 runs dropped short and outside off, cut away behind point. The ball spins away from Agar, who had over-run and messed it up;
24.4;1;Maxwell to Morgan, 1 run whipped through midwicket as this was flat and quick;
24.3;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run shortish and outside off, cut to cover, again;
24.2;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run slides on flat and outside off, punched to cover;
24.1;1;Maxwell to Stokes, 1 run pushed through on middle, tucked through midwicket;
23.6;?;Marsh to Morgan, no run short and wide outside off, forced to point;
23.5;1;Marsh to Stokes, 1 run full and on middle and leg, directed through square leg with a roll of the wrists;
23.4;?;Marsh to Stokes, no run full and slanted across off, left well alone;
23.3;1;Marsh to Morgan, 1 run back of a length and outside off, late-cut to third man;
23.2;?;Marsh to Morgan, no run bouncer down the leg side, Morgan rocks his head out of the way;
23.1;?;Marsh to Morgan, no run back of a length and just a shade outside off, blocked to short cover;
22.6;1;Maxwell to Morgan, 1 run tickled off the pads to short fine leg;
22.5;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run straight ball on middle, blocked from the crease;
22.4;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run pushed through quicker, he misses the flick and takes it on the pad. This was snaking down leg;
22.3;2;Maxwell to Morgan, 2 runs tossed up and outside off, Morgan checks his lofted strike and chips it over the covers. Starc hauls the ball in by the edge of the boundary;
22.2;4;Maxwell to Morgan, FOUR runs this slides on outside off, Morgan rocks back and cuts it to the right of backward point. Sweet timing. First four for Morgan;
22.1;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run turn and bounce outside off, Morgan shoulders arms;
21.6;1;Marsh to Morgan, 1 run length and outside off, sliced drive to third man;
21.5;?;Marsh to Morgan, no run lifting delivery outside off, Stokes gets on top of the bounce and punchily plays it to point;
21.4;?;Marsh to Morgan, no run back of a length and slanting away outside off, Stokes now misses the attempted dab to third man;
21.3;1;Marsh to Stokes, 1 run full and on middle, skewed through square leg off an inside edge;
21.2;W;Marsh to Taylor, OUT Taylor nicks behind. Good length and largely holds its line outside off, Taylor seeks to run it fine to third man. But can only outside-edge it to Wade. Marsh takes high-fives from his team-mates;James Taylor c ?Wade b Marsh 43 (68m 57b 5x4 0x6) SR: 75.43;
21.1;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run nice and full and on off, Taylor tips forward and defends it to the covers;
20.6;1;Maxwell to Taylor, 1 run pitched up and on off, eased down to long-on after jumping out of the crease;
20.5;1;Maxwell to Morgan, 1 run Morgan hangs back in the crease and works it through midwicket;
20.4;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run straight roller on middle, blocked from the crease;
20.3;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run;
20.2;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run low full toss outside, mistimed drive to the covers;
20.1;1;Maxwell to Taylor, 1 run pushed through on middle, paddle swept or rather toe ended to long leg;
19.6;1;Marsh to Taylor, 1 run full and on middle and leg, whipped away to deep midwicket;
19.5;1;Marsh to Morgan, 1 run back of a length and outside off, late cut to third man;
19.4;?;Marsh to Morgan, no run full and outside off, weak drive to mid-off;
19.3;2;Marsh to Morgan, 2 runs full and outside off, down the track and sliced over the covers;
19.2;1;Marsh to Taylor, 1 run good length and outside off, steered down to third man;
19.1;2;Marsh to Taylor, 2 runs low full toss on middle and leg, flicked to deep midwicket;
18.6;1;Maxwell to Taylor, 1 run fizzes through on off, tapped in front of square on the off side;
18.5;?;Maxwell to Taylor, no run sharper offbreak, which is inside-edged behind square;
18.4;?;Maxwell to Taylor, no run spins in on middle and off, ticked in front of square leg;
18.3;1;Maxwell to Morgan, 1 run slides on middle as Morgan camps back and dabs it in front of point;
18.2;1;Maxwell to Taylor, 1 run flat and just outside off, chopped to the covers;
18.1;?;Maxwell to Taylor, no run fired on off, down the track and makes a mess of a drive. He gets an inner edge onto the pad. The ball dribbles behind but Taylor gets back to the safety zone;
17.6;1;Cummins to Taylor, 1 run 90.4mph, hurries on a length and on middle, nurdled in front of short midwicket;
17.5;?;Cummins to Taylor, no run fuller and on off, pushed down to mid-off;
17.4;?;Cummins to Taylor, no run fullish and just a shade outside off, dinked to point;
17.3;4;Cummins to Taylor, FOUR runs short, wide, and punished again. Taylor clunks a cut to the right of a diving backward point;
17.2;?;Cummins to Taylor, no run hurled full and targetting the stumps, squeezed back to the bowler;
17.1;4;Cummins to Taylor, FOUR runs ample leeway outside off, Taylor flays it up and over backward point. Cummins' pace does the rest..;
16.6;1;Maxwell to Taylor, 1 run down the track, Taylor manages to get somewhat close to the pitch and drives a single to long-on;
16.5;?;Maxwell to Taylor, no run flighted and on middle, Taylor pre-meditates a lap-sweep and toe-ends it in front of the bowler;
16.4;1;Maxwell to Morgan, 1 run slides on outside off, chopped to sweeper cover;
16.3;2;Maxwell to Morgan, 2 runs Maxi errs short and offers width as well, Morgan brings out a cut through backward point;
16.2;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run looped up and around off, sliced in front of point;
16.1;2;Maxwell to Morgan, 2 runs dragged short and wide outside off, Morgan leans back and cuts it firmly to sweeper cover;
15.6;4;Cummins to Taylor, FOUR runs Fast hands and good timing. Taylor fetches this short ball from outside off and dispatches it to the deep midwicket boundary;
15.5;?;Cummins to Taylor, no run back of a length and zeroed in on the top of off, dabbed towards point;
15.4;?;Cummins to Taylor, no run prickly line outside off, played up to cover;
15.3;1;Cummins to Morgan, 1 run leg-side ball, which is helped past deepish short leg;
15.2;?;Cummins to Morgan, no run nice and full on middle, Morgan hangs back and blocks it;
15.2;1w;Cummins to Morgan, 1 wide slid down the leg side again. Perhaps, Cummins is looking to bust the speedometer even further..;
15.1;2lb;Cummins to Morgan, 2 leg byes short and ill-directed down leg, diverted away to long leg;
15.1;1w;Cummins to Morgan, 1 wide bumper down the leg side, Morgan ducks under it with ease;
14.6;1;Marsh to Morgan, 1 run good length and on middle and leg, shoots low. But Morgan handles it well enough, clipping it through midwicket;
14.5;?;Marsh to Morgan, no run full and outside off as Morgan reaches out and square-drives it to point;
14.4;1;Marsh to Taylor, 1 run good length and on middle, deftly glanced to long leg;
14.3;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run dug in short, the line is much tighter on off. He hops and quells it in front of his feet;
14.2;4;Marsh to Taylor, FOUR runs strong pull. Short and outside off, he gets on top of the bounce and crunches it away to the left of midwicket. Mid-on had no chance as well..;
14.1;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run good length and just a shade outside off, Taylor looks to drive and gets an inside edge onto the pad;
13.6;1;Cummins to Taylor, 1 run Cummins teases Taylor outside off. More short stuff and chopped to third man;
13.5;?;Cummins to Taylor, no run full and on off at 92mph, forward and driven straight back to the bowler;
13.4;?;Cummins to Taylor, no run bangs this short and outside off, Taylor wants to cut it away but chops it in front of point. Perhaps, he tried to over-hit this;
13.3;?;Cummins to Taylor, no run full at the off stump, Taylor comes forward and pushes it to the covers;
13.2;?;Cummins to Taylor, no run back of a length and cuts back in off the seam at 90mph, Taylor throws his bat at a drive as the ball zips past the inside edge;
13.1;2;Cummins to Taylor, 2 runs shortish and some width outside off, Taylor hops and chops it past point;
12.6;1;Marsh to Taylor, 1 run nicely played by Taylor, good length outside off, steered to third man off the front foot;
12.5;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run good stuff from Marsh. Full outside off, defended to cover;
12.4;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run fullish length outside off, Taylor forces the ball to cover;
12.3;1;Marsh to Morgan, 1 run just a bit of away movement. Full outside off, inviting the drive from Morgan who obliges. The away movement takes the outside half to he bat to third man for one;
12.2;1;Marsh to Taylor, 1 run nicely played this time from Taylor. Walks across his stumps to work the length ball outside off to deep square leg. Made the single there;
12.1;1;Marsh to Morgan, 1 run 80 mph, length on leg stump. Morgan whips nicely off his pads to deep square leg;
11.6;?;Cummins to Taylor, no run short and wide, Taylor misses the cut again. Lots of opportunities to score have been missed;
11.5;1;Cummins to Morgan, 1 run oh, brute of a delivery first up. Great direction of the bouncer by Cummins. Morgan fends awkwardly off the back foot without looking at the ball, takes his glove and then to fine leg. Welcome, Eoin.;
11.4;W;Cummins to Roy, OUT gone this time. Roy has thrown another one away. Very poor shot considering the circumstances. Full outside off, cross-seam, maybe generating some extra bounce. Roy, however, loosely wafts at the ball and gets a thick outside edge. Wade takes a good diving catch to his right.;Jason Roy c ?Wade b Cummins 31 (53m 32b 6x4 0x6) SR: 96.87;
11.3;1;Cummins to Taylor, 1 run massive cheer for Stoinis as he fields the ball this time. Short and wide again from Cummins, cut down to third man off the front foot;
11.2;1;Cummins to Roy, 1 run worked off his pads to deep square leg;
11.1;1;Cummins to Taylor, 1 run dropped. An absolute sitter has been spilled. Wow. Short and wide, a bit of extra bounce on that. Taylor flays at the ball again and gets a thick outside edge which carries to Stoinis at third man. Grassed. Just went through his hands;
10.6;1;Marsh to Taylor, 1 run 84 mph, full on Taylor's pads. Whipped off the front foot to fine leg;
10.5;1;Marsh to Roy, 1 run comes back in again from outside off, Roy looks to steer to third man again but he gets a thick inside edge. Taylor is quick on the opportunity for the single and takes it.;
10.4;?;Marsh to Roy, no run fuller than a good length nipping back in to Roy, who tries to dab to third man but the in movement allows him to guide towards the keeper;
10.3;1;Marsh to Taylor, 1 run and another single. Much better from these two. Taylor taps the length ball towards mid-on and sets off for a quick run, makes it without any trouble;
10.2;1;Marsh to Roy, 1 run nice line. Good line on middle but Roy gets a single. Clips it to deep square leg off the front foot;
10.1;4lb;Marsh to Roy, 4 leg byes oh, Marsh strays in line once again and there are another four runs for England. Races to the fine leg boundary of Roy's pads after he missed the whip;
9.6;4;Cummins to Taylor, FOUR runs finally finds the gap. Very full outside off, Taylor squeezes the drive past the diving short cover and this will be another boundary;
9.5;2;Cummins to Taylor, 2 runs and the pressure almost tells. Hmm, interesting. Very full outside off, Taylor advances to try and work through leg side but the thick outside edge carries to cover who dives to his right but cannot hang on;
9.4;?;Cummins to Taylor, no run excellent pressure being created on JT. Very good line just outside off on a good length, Taylor tries to force through mid-off but finds him;
9.3;?;Cummins to Taylor, no run misses his length but Taylor misses runs. Low full toss outside the off stump, Taylor finds no gap but finds cover;
9.2;?;Cummins to Taylor, no run yorker this time well outside off, Taylor digs it out to cover;
9.1;?;Cummins to Taylor, no run shortish length outside off, slapped to point off the front foot;
8.6;4;Marsh to Roy, FOUR runs ah, nice shot by Roy. Very full outside off, Roy drives off the front foot past the bowler. Goes straight down the ground for the 10th boundary in England's 50.;
8.5;?;Marsh to Roy, no run 81 mph, good stuff. Fuller than a good length on the fifth-stump line, Roy pats the ball into the off side;
8.4;1lb;Marsh to Taylor, 1 leg bye strays in line this time. Goes down leg , Taylor misses his flick and is rapped high on the pads, the ball goes to fine leg allowing them a leg bye;
8.3;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run and again. Accuracy from Marsh. Shortish length in that channel once more. Taylor bunts it down the pitch;
8.2;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run good length on off again, Taylor cannot do much with these. He blocks into the off side;
8.1;1;Marsh to Roy, 1 run 79 mph, did that carry? May have just carried to Agar at fine leg. May have not. Good length on middle and Roy swivel-pulls uppishly towards fine leg, Agar makes a lot of ground but fell just short. Good effort;
7.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Roy, 1 run excellent end. full on off stump. Roy gets a thick outside edge all along the ground to third man;
7.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Taylor, 1 run 84 mph, short and a bit of width for Taylor who slashes at the ball and gets a thick outside edge which goes uppishly to third man;
7.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Taylor, no run shorter than a good length again, Taylor pushes to point off the front foot;
7.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Taylor, no run good length on of, great bowling by NCN. Taylor can only block back to the bowler;
7.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Taylor, no run 86 mph, fuller again outside off, Taylor drives but the ball goes towards point;
7.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Taylor, no run half-volley on middle. Driven to mid-on;
6.6;2;Starc to Roy, 2 runs 89 mph, full and wide outside off, squeezed down to third man off the front foot;
6.5;?;Starc to Roy, no run better stuff from Starc. Fuller than a good length outside off, Roy sees no reason to play and leaves;
6.4;?;Starc to Roy, no run driven uppishly once more. Cross-seam from Starc outside off, Roy throws his hands through the drive but the ball bounces well short of mid-off;
6.3;?;Starc to Roy, no run 89 mph, angled across Roy who decides to leave this alone. Better lengths and lines from Starc, but can he be consistent;
6.2;?;Starc to Roy, no run shortish length on off, blocked off the front foot;
6.1;4;Starc to Roy, FOUR runs very full outside off and driven beautifully and elegantly through extra cover for yet another boundary;
5.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Taylor, no run full outside off, driven to cover off the front foot;
5.5;W;Coulter-Nile to Hales, OUT what a catch. Stunning stuff from Smith. Absolutely stunning. Fuller length outside off, Hales skews the drive off the outer half of the bat towards short cover where Smith is lurking, he dives high to his right to take a spectacular, two-handed catch.;Alex Hales c Smith b Coulter-Nile 18 (25m 20b 4x4 0x6) SR: 90;
5.4;4;Coulter-Nile to Hales, FOUR runs short and another boundary. This is good to watch. Doesn't get up high enough and sits up for Hales to pull in front of square leg for yet another boundary;
5.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Hales, no run better stuff, good length in that channel outside off. hales finds point with the square cut;
5.2;4;Coulter-Nile to Hales, FOUR runs 86 mph, and there is another boundary. Too full outside off, Hales drives into the gap through extra cover with not much feet movement. Four nonetheless;
5.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Hales, no run shortish length well outside off, cut off the back foot to cover point;
4.6;1;Starc to Hales, 1 run very full outside off, squirted down to third man off the front foot;
4.5;?;Starc to Hales, no run 89 mph, very short bouncer on middle and leg. Hales, this time however, gets under it nice and early;
4.4;?;Starc to Hales, no run and goes back short again, shorter than a good length on off, Hales stands tall and punchily-cuts to point;
4.3;?;Starc to Hales, no run goes fuller again outside off, maybe a fourth-stump line. Driven off the front foot to mid-off;
4.2;?;Starc to Hales, no run drags his length back immediately does Starc. Good length outside off, driven to cover;
4.1;4;Starc to Hales, FOUR runs graceful, elegant, delectable, whatever you like. Full and wide, Hales gets a nice front stride and leans into the drive, plays it late and under his eyes to find the gap through cover point;
3.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Roy, no run maiden from NCN. Nice comeback. Good length nipping back into Roy who inside-edges onto his pads.;
3.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Roy, no run fuller length outside off, nicely driven to mid-off.;
3.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Roy, no run short and wide again, closer to off stump but still too much width. Roy cuts to point off the back foot;
3.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Roy, no run short and wide again, this time Roy connects sweetly with the cut. However, Burns at cover dives nicely to stop;
3.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Roy, no run full on middle stump, no swing. Driven to mid-on;
3.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Roy, no run shortish outside off, the ball rising a touch. Roy stands tall and cut-punches into the off side;
2.6;?;Starc to Hales, no run low full toss outside off from Starc. Not a bad delivery at all. Hales gives himself room and therefore just about gets bat on it to drive to mid-off;
2.6;5nb;Starc to Hales, (no ball) FOUR runs there it is, the full inswinger. Not much swing though and Hales is expecting it who flicks nicely through midwicket. Starc oversteps too;
2.5;?;Starc to Hales, no run smashed on the helmet this time. Good bouncer again towards the badge, Hales looks to get under it but is a bit late and he is clipped on the helmet. Wade collects nicely too;
2.4;?;Starc to Hales, no run 90 mph, good pace here from Starc. Good length in that channel again who drives to cover;
2.3;?;Starc to Hales, no run good bouncer outside off. Dug in halfway down, Hales tries to pull but the line is too good. The pull is missed;
2.2;?;Starc to Hales, no run fuller this time from Starc, angling across Hales who drives to point.;
2.1;?;Starc to Hales, no run 87 mph, short outside off, good channel there. Hales stays on the back foot and pushes into the off side;
1.6;4;Coulter-Nile to Roy, FOUR runs 89 mph, another boundary for Roy. Elegant stuff. Slightly too full on middle again, Roy drives through midwicket nicely for the second time in the over. Exceptional timing;
1.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Roy, no run good length outside off, better length and line. Roy presents the full face of the bat to block;
1.4;4;Coulter-Nile to Roy, FOUR runs another one, just really good use of the hands and good timing. Full on middle stump, Roy just pushes the ball into the gap through midwicket. Great batting;
1.3;4;Coulter-Nile to Roy, FOUR runs 87.3 mph, full again outside off. No movement this time. Roy comes forward and pushes the drive through cover. Just timing, no hard hands by Roy. Races to the boundary;
1.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Hales, 1 run 86.6 mph, fullish again but drifting on middle and leg, Hales clips off his pads through square leg;
1.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Hales, no run nice swing for NCN. Full outside off, moving away from Hales who looks to drive but the swing takes the ball past the defensive prod;
0.6;?;Starc to Roy, no run 89.2 mph, shortish length outside off, Roy pats the ball into the off side off the back foot;
0.5;4;Starc to Roy, FOUR runs angled across the right-hander once more outside off. Roy comes forward, gets a good front foot stride, leans into the drive and finds the gap through extra cover with exemplary timing.;
0.5;1w;Starc to Roy, 1 wide very full but too wide, pushed across the right-hander this time, looking to get Roy driving. But it is too wide and Roy leaves;
0.4;?;Starc to Roy, no run maybe, just a hint of in-swing there. Not a lot though. Full outside off, driven back to the bowler;
0.3;?;Starc to Roy, no run fullish length on a fourth-stump line. Roy square-drives to point off the front foot. No swing in this over so far;
0.3;1w;Starc to Roy, 1 wide short and wide, Roy tries to cut but misses. Too wide outside off and is called;
0.2;?;Starc to Roy, no run good length outside off. No swing yet. Roy awkwardly pushes into the off side off the back foot;
0.1;?;Starc to Roy, no run nice line to start. Not much movement. Good length, outside off. Roy decides to leave;

3.20pm Time for the chase. England need to chase something very similar to the last match, but conditions are slightly easier now compared to the start of the game and their middle order extends to Adil Rasid at No 9. So, should be an interesting chase. Australia are in a huddle before taking the field. Alex Hales and Jason Roy punch gloves and enter the field of play. Mitchell Starc with a new ball, two slips in place. Let's roll.
Joshua Z: "When Faulkner returns, who does he come in for? There were no weak links in this team today." -- A good problem to have.
John M: "Liam Plunkett might be the best No 10 in the world as well."
 Innings Start
Australia
England
2nd ODI, Lord's, Sep 5 2015, Australia tour of England and Ireland
309/7
245
Player of the match is Mitchell Marsh, AUS
Australia won by 64 runs
