Data
6.20 pm Not the best morning to wake up to in the UK, and you might feel even worse when you learn that Aaron Finch, Australia's first centurion against England in a World Cup match, was dropped on zero. The only consolation is Steven Finn's hat-trick off the final three balls of the innings which took him to a five-for as well. Join Match Point for further analysis
England pinned their hopes on the pitch having retained enough moisture from the overnight rain and their new-ball attack. Stuart Broad led them in the early overs with a double-strike - two peachs to get rid of David Warner and Shane Watson cheaply. But the next few hours were full of woe. George Bailey lugged himself into form with a nifty little fifty and Finch drove, flicked, dabbed and cut his way to one of his more calculated centuries. And if his dismissal, and Bailey's in quick succession might have signalled a fightback, Glenn Maxwell's blitz snuffed it all out. England's tactic of bowling slower short balls backfired horribly as they leaked 105 runs in the last 10. This is Australia's 15th 300-plus score in World Cups, and they've not lost a single one. Joins us in about 20 minutes for the chase
Mihir Gala: "Now World Cup has unique distinction of having Hat-trick taken on 1st three balls on the opening innings and on last 3 balls on opening innings!!!"
Ahaan: "342 runs, 9 wickets, a century, two half centuries- one quick and one slow, a five-for, and a hat-trick...... What did we not get in this innings? "
Samad Naqvi: "300 plus totals by both the host teams.. Star performer like Mccullum, Maxwell Finch are in action and now the hatrick by the Finn ... Cricket at its very best .. Signs of the best WC ever .. "
49.6;W;Finn to Johnson, OUT at-trick for Finn, and a five- for! That's a third time a bowler has been two-in-two today and Finn is the only one to convert. It was back of a length, Johnson backed away and slapped it straight at mid-off. Has a wry smile on his face and the reason is that Australia have piled up 342!;Mitchell Johnson c Anderson b Finn 0 (3m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
49.5;W;Finn to Maxwell, OUT skews it down the ground and Root has taken an absolute blinder! It was full and speared in at the batsman's legs, credit to Maxwell to powering it that far down the ground but Root has made this wicket. Races to his right from long-off, dives full length and grabs it low with both hands. Text-book awesomeness!;Glenn Maxwell c Root b Finn 66 (63m 40b 11x4 0x6) SR: 165;
49.4;W;Finn to Haddin, OUT swings and gets a thick outside edge that tests Broad at deep third man and he passes it with flying colours. Runs in, keeps his eyes all the way on it after Haddin looks for the boundary with a big slog as is necessary with only two balls left, he's played a little gem here;Brad Haddin c Broad b Finn 31 (23m 14b 5x4 0x6) SR: 221.42;
49.3;1;Finn to Maxwell, 1 run moves outside leg and clubs a shortish ball that cramps him to deep midwicket;
49.2;4;Finn to Maxwell, FOUR runs backs away to a length ball and hammers it over cover and it skims to the boundary. There's no stopping this riot;
49.1;3;Finn to Haddin, 3 runs tries to dupe Finn by moving to the leg side and is ready for it when Finn goes short and wide outside off, Lifts it over point and Broad pulls magnificent sliding save. Tests his knee after it;
48.6;4;Anderson to Maxwell, FOUR runs length this time and Maxwell has cleared his front leg for a belt towards the long-on boundary. Finn is the man down there as he runs to his right and dives full length to try and catch it. May possibly have got a fingertip or two. Story of the day for England;
48.5;?;Anderson to Maxwell, no run hits the yorker on the base of leg stump and keeps Maxwell to a dot.;
48.4;?;Anderson to Maxwell, no run that's slower and shorter and Maxwell has thrown everything he has at it. Only for the ball to beat him and go through to the keeper;
48.3;1;Anderson to Haddin, 1 run full and outside leg, drilled to long-on;
48.2;4;Anderson to Haddin, FOUR runs back of the hand slower ball, and it's short in length too, Haddin knows there is no one on the off-side boundary, moves miles outside leg, and slices it to the third man boundary;
48.1;4;Anderson to Haddin, FOUR runs length ball, that's a no-no in this time of the innings and Haddin proves why as he moves outside leg and cracks it over cover.;
47.6;?;Broad to Maxwell, no run banged in short and it sails over the swaying batsman's head, a loud chorous of boos ring around the MCG as Broad finishes a commendable spell;
47.5;1;Broad to Haddin, 1 run finds the yorker on middle and leg, pushed to the right of the bowler for a single;
47.4;4;Broad to Haddin, FOUR runs round two goes to Haddin! It was short on middle and he had moved outside leg to ramp the ball to the third man boundary. Why would they have short third man up for this line of attack?;
47.3;?;Broad to Haddin, no run there's Broad's strength. Gets it to lift awkwardly even in the 48th over and beats a Haddin glide to third man. Goes for an appeal, but there was nothing on it;
47.2;2;Broad to Haddin, 2 runs full toss outside leg stump with Haddin making room of course, punched it to long-on for a couple. Good work from Ballance, that was well-timed;
47.1;4;Broad to Haddin, FOUR runs how well has he done that! Leaped away to the leg side to create his own room, saw third man up and slices it from the top of off stump to the third man boundary;
46.6;1;Woakes to Haddin, 1 run full and seeking the toes of the batsmen, which are outside leg stump. Pushed to long-on;
46.5;4;Woakes to Haddin, FOUR runs a shade short is the back of the hand slower ball and has a little room attached to it and Haddin has rocked back and walloped it to the wide long-on boundary for 3000 ODI runs;
46.4;2;Woakes to Haddin, 2 runs gives a full toss on leg stump and Haddin has directed it to deep square leg;
46.3;1;Woakes to Maxwell, 1 run backs away and telegraphs that intention to the bowler who almost nails a yorker, gets an inside edge to deep square leg;
46.2;2;Woakes to Maxwell, 2 runs follows Maxwell, who was wandering away outside leg. Good full length too, but the batsman is able to slug it to deep midwicket;
46.1;1;Woakes to Haddin, 1 run makes some room and slices a good length ball to deep point to raise their 15th 300-plus score in the World Cup;
39.6;1;Ali to Maxwell, 1 run tossed up on leg stump to try and beat the shuffling Maxwell, no such luck as he flicks to deep midwicket;
39.5;1;Ali to Marsh, 1 run goes back and across to flick a length delivery to long leg;
39.4;1;Ali to Maxwell, 1 run lunges outside off and whips a good length ball towards square leg;
39.3;2;Ali to Maxwell, 2 runs top-edge, but it falls too far fine of Taylor at short fine leg! Not quite the length to sweep and he got a little too far under the ball. Lobs up and stays in the air quite a while, but Taylor had no chance;
39.2;1;Ali to Marsh, 1 run flighted on off stump, Marsh calmly knocks it to long-on;
39.1;1;Ali to Maxwell, 1 run a good length ball on leg stump, turned towards midwicket;
38.6;1;Finn to Maxwell, 1 run back of a length on off stump, taps a runs in front of point;
38.5;1;Finn to Marsh, 1 run outside edge and it runs down to deep third man. Appeared to straighten a touch to pull Marsh to play away from his body a bit;
38.4;?;Finn to Marsh, no run keeps to his crease against a back of a length ball on off stump, defended towards point;
38.3;?;Finn to Marsh, no run fuller delivery outside off, left for the keeper;
38.2;?;Finn to Marsh, no run full on off stump, thumped back at Finn;
38.1;W;Finn to Bailey, OUT oh, he's gone now! Drags it on and England have got rid of the set batsmen. The fatal slice to point against a good length ball outside off ends up an inside edge to knock middle stump. Good, solid innings from Bailey. Australia needed that.;George Bailey b Finn 55 (113m 69b 3x4 0x6) SR: 79.71;
45.6;4;Finn to Maxwell, FOUR runs full on middle and leg, Maxwell clips it fine and enjoys a fourth boundary on the trot. Appears he's learned a game that is not solely reliant on power;
45.5;4;Finn to Maxwell, FOUR runs another four, this one far more emphatic. It was shortish again and Maxwell has slogged it to the long leg boundary. Fifty for the man and he salutes the crowd, dressing room and gives a thumbs up to the crowd as well. He's faced only 30 balls!;
45.4;4;Finn to Maxwell, FOUR runs dropped, I think by Buttler! It was back of a length, Maxwell seeks the pull off the front foot and gets a thick top edge. The keeper leaps up as high as he could, but can only palm it away;
45.3;4;Finn to Maxwell, FOUR runs short and wide, Maxwell barely needs to do much more than lift it over point. Poor bowling, no cover there.;
45.2;2;Finn to Maxwell, 2 runs fuller delivery outside off, hammered to long-off;
45.1;W;Finn to Marsh, OUT length ball has done the trick! Marsh holes out at long-off! The crowd roars it Root's ears as he settles beneath the miscued forehand-slam from the batsman and takes it comfortably;Mitchell Marsh c Root b Finn 23 (31m 20b 3x4 0x6) SR: 115;
44.6;4;Woakes to Maxwell, FOUR runs gets just enough of a glove to beat the diving wicketkeeper and scurry along to the long leg boundary. Short-ball tactic is going horribly awry, especially the offcutter short balls like this one;
44.5;?;Woakes to Maxwell, no run backs away to try and tonk a shortish delivery through the off side, but mistimes it to cover;
44.4;1;Woakes to Marsh, 1 run almost finds the yorker on middle, and curling in at Marsh too, flicked to deep midwicket;
44.3;2;Woakes to Marsh, 2 runs slower ball, dug in short again. Marsh waits and pulls to deep square leg. Two easily taken;
44.2;4;Woakes to Marsh, FOUR runs gee, he has to adjust to the bounce on this delivery, and the lack of room on it and yet he has thumped a boundary straight down the ground.;
44.1;4;Woakes to Marsh, FOUR runs goes short and Marsh has bludgeoned it wide of long-on! Decides he doens't want that front leg hampering him, picks up the offcutter and holds nothing back;
43.6;4;Anderson to Maxwell, FOUR runs seeks the yorker, but strays by just a few inches and that's enough for Maxwell to stick his front leg aside and shovel it over the covers. Gets under it and powers it away with the strength of his forearms;
43.5;1;Anderson to Marsh, 1 run fuller delivery on middle and leg, no room on offer from Anderson, and it's pushed to long-on;
43.4;1;Anderson to Maxwell, 1 run that's the quicker short ball and Maxwell's not ready for this either. Gets it high on the bat off the pull and scampers off for a single towards midwicket;
43.3;1;Anderson to Marsh, 1 run back of a length on off stump, pushed back to long-on;
43.2;1;Anderson to Maxwell, 1 run banged in and it's slow in pace as well, Maxwell is irritated that he hasn't hit that better. Can only manage a single towards midwicket. Clever bowling;
43.1;?;Anderson to Maxwell, no run seeks the yorker and follows Maxwell, who was moving to make some room for himself. Push into the covers amounts to nothing;
42.6;1lb;Woakes to Maxwell, 1 leg bye full and slanted in at Maxwell, who was trying to make some room. Good bowling from Woakes as comes back after conceding an early boundary and keeps it to only a single towards point off the pads;
42.5;1;Woakes to Marsh, 1 run slower and shorter on middle, Marsh pulls to long leg;
42.4;1;Woakes to Maxwell, 1 run fuller delivery on middle and leg, clipped to long leg;
42.3;?;Woakes to Maxwell, no run slower ball bouncer and fools Maxwell into going for a pull too early. Gets struck on the elbow.;
42.2;1;Woakes to Marsh, 1 run swung around to long leg, looks like the charge has well and truly begun;
42.1;4;Woakes to Marsh, FOUR runs and that's what happens when he takes a little time for himself. Finds an overpitched ball on off stump to his liking and bangs it down the ground past mid-on's left;
41.6;4;Broad to Maxwell, FOUR runs encore! Not quite off the middle, but there's enough bat on it to trickle to the long-on boundary again. Races down while making room for himself and benefits big time;
41.5;4;Broad to Maxwell, FOUR runs runs down the track and hammers a length ball from Broad over mid-on's head. Murderous strike from Maxwell, straight through the line of the cross-seamed ball;
41.4;?;Broad to Maxwell, no run fuller delivery on off stump, Maxwell blocks with an open face. Risky option considering the ball was full and straight;
41.3;1;Broad to Marsh, 1 run opens the face to run a back of a length delivery towards point;
41.2;1;Broad to Maxwell, 1 run fuller delivery outside off, pushed to mid-off to get a quick single;
41.1;?;Broad to Maxwell, no run has him and missing outside off. It was a good length delivery outside off, and gets it to straighten. Marsh follows it with an open face and misses;
40.6;?;Finn to Marsh, no run a touch short and Marsh loads up for a front-foot pull, but Root is quite alert at short midwicket. Dives to his left to keep it to nothing. England desperate to build pressure here;
40.5;?;Finn to Marsh, no run fuller delivery outside off, pushed to mid-off. Marsh seems to be taking his time to get in;
40.4;?;Finn to Marsh, no run shortish on off stump, defended into the covers;
40.3;1;Finn to Maxwell, 1 run cuts back in sharply at Maxwell, who does well to soften his hands and let the shortish ball run off the open face to third man;
40.2;2;Finn to Maxwell, 2 runs sliding into the pads and Maxwell flicks it through deep midwicket. Moeen gets across to it but not before the batsmen take two;
40.1;?;Finn to Maxwell, no run shortish and cutting off his room on off stump, defended to point;
37.6;1;Ali to Bailey, 1 run gets down the track and tickles a good length ball towards short fine leg;
37.5;1;Ali to Maxwell, 1 run length ball on middle, Maxwell hammers a sweep to deep square leg;
37.4;4;Ali to Maxwell, FOUR runs if Maxi's in there has to be a reverse sweep. Third ball he faces has been swatted over point quite emphatically;
37.3;1;Ali to Bailey, 1 run clipped towards short fine leg and Taylor does not allow Bailey the single he wants with a good dive to his left;
37.2;1;Ali to Maxwell, 1 run good length ball on middle and leg, tucked away to deep midwicket;
37.1;1;Ali to Bailey, 1 run flighted on middle, whipped to deep midwicket;
36.6;1;Finn to Bailey, 1 run short and wide again, Bailey whacks it to deep point;
36.5;1;Finn to Maxwell, 1 run short and wide outside off, Maxwell guides it to deep third man;
36.4;1;Finn to Bailey, 1 run shortish and outside off, slid away to deep third man;
36.3;W;Finn to Finch, OUT direct hit from the captain and Finch is gone! England are pumped up! He backed away to slap the ball past short cover, Morgan moved to his left, took aim and nailed the target. Finch was not even in the frame. MCG rises to celebrate a wonderful innings, but he was walking off cursing himself. Finch really could have enjoyed himself with over 10 overs left. Ends up fifth on the highest individual score by an Australian in the World Cup;Aaron Finch run out (Morgan) 135 (158m 128b 12x4 3x6) SR: 105.46;
36.3;1w;Finn to Finch, 1 wide banged in short and Finch, having made room, has allowed it through to the keeper after knowing the slower bouncer has sailed over his head;
36.2;2;Finn to Finch, 2 runs short and a shade outside off, pulled or rather miscued to deep square leg;
36.1;3;Finn to Bailey, 3 runs shortish and outside off, drills a cut into the square and lobs it over point. Finch and Bailey are running hard, Broad races in from the boundary and sends in a throw that stings. So much so that Finn is toppled over as he receives it. Came in right at his face there. Poor bloke;
35.6;4;Ali to Finch, FOUR runs jumps outside off and hammers a Moeen short ball from the stumps to the deep point boundary. This is becoming very, very bad for England;
35.5;6;Ali to Finch, SIX runs phew! He's decided to stop worrying about 'what ifs' now. Playing with pure freedom as he lunges forward and slog sweeps a flighted delivery over midwicket;
35.4;?;Ali to Finch, no run stays leg side of the ball to try and cut the ball that was cramping him for room through point. Beaten;
35.3;?;Ali to Finch, no run orthodox sweep finds James Taylor at short fine leg, chance of a run-out with Finch wandering outside his crease. but the throw is too high;
35.2;4;Ali to Finch, FOUR runs reverse sweep, he's just showing off now! It was a good length ball, but Finch lunges at it and connects with scary force. Point had no chance, even if it was a feet to his left;
35.1;2;Ali to Finch, 2 runs down the track and Finch manages to adjust for the change in length and slaps it to the left of short third man;
34.6;1;Anderson to Finch, 1 run slower ball outside off, Finch runs it down to short third man;
34.5;1;Anderson to Bailey, 1 run banged in short and Ballance is back in the picture again with the batsman pulling violently;
34.4;?;Anderson to Bailey, no run shortish and outside off, slapped to point;
34.3;2;Anderson to Bailey, 2 runs top-edge and it lands right in the middle of Ballance and another fielder, Broad from mid-on, running back from the circle. Had to drag the short ball away and he had committed to the stroke. Skews up for deep midwicket but neither fielder called and Ballance was worried about a collision, which is fair, Is that another opportunity lost?;
34.2;1;Anderson to Finch, 1 run banged in short and Finch has clubbed it to deep midwicket;
34.1;1;Anderson to Bailey, 1 run fulllish on middle, Bailey reminds himself to bring down a straight bat and beats Anderson's desperate dive to his right;
33.6;1;Woakes to Bailey, 1 run shortish on off stump, Bailey taps it towards short midwicket and sets off;
33.5;4;Woakes to Bailey, FOUR runs well, well, well... batting powerplay actually helping the batsmen! It's a fuller delivery outside off and Bailey has slammed it over mid-off and Woakes curses his straying length;
33.4;1;Woakes to Finch, 1 run prepares for a pull, then I wonder if he wanted to take evasive action. Whatever it was, he keeps the bat up and the short ball pings off it to long leg;
33.3;1;Woakes to Bailey, 1 run width on offer and Bailey will be disappointed at picking Finn out at short third man with his late cut. A few yards more to his right and that would have scampered off;
33.2;1;Woakes to Finch, 1 run slower ball outside off, Finch plonks the open face on it and runs it to short third man;
33.1;1;Woakes to Bailey, 1 run looks for the short one and Bailey gets a miscued pull to lob square leg;
32.6;?;Broad to Finch, no run fullish on off stump, Finch turns it to short midwicket and jogs off towards the drinks trolley;
32.5;?;Broad to Finch, no run ties him down on off stump again, even with Finch attempting to make room. Broad's natural bounce helps him out there;
32.4;?;Broad to Finch, no run defends a shortish delivery on off stump;
32.3;1;Broad to Bailey, 1 run back of a length and outside off, tapped into the covers and Taylor wrings his fingers after fielding it;
32.2;1;Broad to Finch, 1 run good change of pace from Broad, reckon that's going to happen quite often. But Finch stood back and punched it to the left of mid-off. Morgan the fielder steps up there, I think;
32.1;1;Broad to Bailey, 1 run shortish and outside off, Bailey slaps it away to Jimmy at sweeper cover;
31.6;1;Woakes to Bailey, 1 run fullish on off stump, nurdled to mid-on for a single;
31.5;1;Woakes to Finch, 1 run full and a shade wide of off stump, hammered towards mid-on.;
31.4;?;Woakes to Finch, no run stays beside the shortish ball on off stump and tries to beat point, Bell's too good there with a dive to his left;
31.3;?;Woakes to Finch, no run back of a lenght, lets it come on and runs it to point. Takes a few steps and has to run back and then apologise to his captain for his almost-mistake;
31.2;2;Woakes to Finch, 2 runs fuller and slower ball on off stump, works it through midwcket who sends in a direct throw but Bailey's well home. Root was the fielder, I think...;
31.1;?;Woakes to Finch, no run slipping down leg and the deflection has Buttler excited after he dives to his left and completes a good take. But it's just off the pads;
30.6;1;Finn to Finch, 1 run banged in short and Finch pulls on one-leg to deep square leg;
30.5;?;Finn to Finch, no run good length on middle and leg, nudged towards the leg side;
30.4;4;Finn to Finch, FOUR runs and shots like that will promote it! What an off-drive! A touch overpitched from Finn and he is punished for it. Almost took his hands with it on the way to the boundary, if he had been able to reach it;
30.3;2;Finn to Finch, 2 runs straying on the pads and Finch works it behind square leg for a couple, gee he's run hard today!;
30.2;?;Finn to Finch, no run back of a length and outside off, tapped into the off side;
30.1;4;Finn to Finch, FOUR runs that's it! Leaps up and punches the air as Finch becomes the fourth Australian to get a century on World Cup debut with a flick to long leg. His home crowd, a big and loud and raucous crowd, show him lots of love. Lovely little stroke to get to the mark too. Epitomises the kind of innings he's played, aware of things and not just trusting his power;
29.6;1;Ali to Finch, 1 run works it off his toes to find a single to the right of short midwicket;
29.5;?;Ali to Finch, no run shortish and outside off, cracked towards point;
29.4;1;Ali to Bailey, 1 run a bit short there and Bailey hammers it to deep square leg;
29.3;1;Ali to Finch, 1 run tossed up on off stump, Finch clips it behind square leg to keep moving on towards that ton;
29.2;?;Ali to Finch, no run flighted outside off, smeared into the covers;
29.1;?;Ali to Finch, no run good line from Moeen as he keeps it on off stump and doesn't give Finch the room he wants;
28.6;1lb;Broad to Finch, 1 leg bye full toss on the pads, Broad feels good and goes up for an appeal too while the batsmen pick up a single to midwicket. No bat involved, it would seem but that would have wandered down leg;
28.5;?;Broad to Finch, no run fullish on off stump, Finch can only keep it out. Looks like he's adjusted his length to the situation;
28.4;?;Broad to Finch, no run fuller delivery outside off, defended back at Broad;
28.3;1;Broad to Bailey, 1 run sliding down the leg side and Bailey has clipped it off his hips to long leg;
28.2;?;Broad to Bailey, no run fuller delivery on off stump, Bailey knocks it down the pitch;
28.1;?;Broad to Bailey, no run fullish and outside off, pushed towards mid-off;
27.6;?;Ali to Finch, no run tossed up on off stump, Finch finds midwicket;
27.5;1;Ali to Bailey, 1 run down the track to take it on the full and Bailey flicks it to the right of Root at long-on;
27.4;1;Ali to Finch, 1 run stays back to a good length ball and works it to long leg;
27.3;1;Ali to Bailey, 1 run gets down the track and drives to long-on;
27.2;?;Ali to Bailey, no run jumps back and sees the good length ball follow him. Moeen's turning it quite nicely now and keeps it to nothing;
27.1;1;Ali to Finch, 1 run gets to the pitch of the ball and drills it down to long-on;
26.6;?;Broad to Bailey, no run cuts back in quite sharply and leaves Bailey in an awkward position. He was set up for another slog into the leg side and has to take quick action to protect his stumps;
26.5;4;Broad to Bailey, FOUR runs there's more evidence of the ball not posing much threat any more. Broad keeps going short, hoping to upset the batsman. But it only rises to the perfect height for Bailey to pummel it away to the midwicket boundary;
26.4;1;Broad to Finch, 1 run fullish delivery outside off, was it slower? Finch gets forward to drop it into the covers and sneak a quick single;
26.3;1;Broad to Bailey, 1 run banged in short, but the softer ball isn't getting as much zip. Bailey pulls powerfully to deep square leg;
26.2;?;Broad to Bailey, no run back of a length and outside off, pushed towards mid-off;
26.1;?;Broad to Bailey, no run shortish and outside off, pushed back at the bowler;
25.6;?;Ali to Finch, no run allows the ball to turn and keeps the batsman honest. Finch defends a good length ball that darts in at him on off stump;
25.5;?;Ali to Finch, no run fleeting leg-before appeal, but Finch has pressed forward quite far and the impact was a bit outside off too. Good length and flight though;
25.4;?;Ali to Finch, no run flighted outside off, lunges forward to defend;
25.3;1;Ali to Bailey, 1 run steps forward right in front of middle stump and nudges a flighted delivery around his pad to deep midwicket;
25.2;1;Ali to Finch, 1 run flighted on off stump, drilled to long-on;
25.1;4;Ali to Finch, FOUR runs waits on the back foot and he's benefited from that big time. Beautiful late cut from Finch as he picks the gap to the right of short third man. Broad has no chance;
24.6;?;Root to Bailey, no run good length ball to which he goes back and blocks;
24.5;?;Root to Bailey, no run saw Bailey running at him and tried to spear it in at his feet, flicked to short midwicket;
24.4;1;Root to Finch, 1 run flatter delivery on middle and leg, tickled away to square leg;
24.3;6;Root to Finch, SIX runs another wallop! And it clears the fence this time! Again, it's sliced and it's six. Good length ball on off stump and Finch just decided it had to go and benefits from his own brute strength;
24.2;?;Root to Finch, no run good length ball on off stump, defended;
24.1;4;Root to Finch, FOUR runs slugs it to the long-on boundary! No country for part-time spinners. Lunges forward and slog sweeps the first ball from Root, which wasn't all that bat, just a bit of width on offer to let Finch free his arms;
23.6;?;Ali to Bailey, no run backs away and cuts the short ball to point;
23.5;1;Ali to Finch, 1 run a touch short and Finch uses the pace on it as he waits for it to turn and cuts it late to short third man;
23.4;?;Ali to Finch, no run pulls all the pace off it and loops the ball outside off, Finch presses forward to block. Magnificent flight and drift away;
23.3;1;Ali to Bailey, 1 run smartly working Moeen right now as Bailey skips down and secures a single to long-on;
23.2;1;Ali to Finch, 1 run leans forward and outside off to tickles the flighted delivery into midwicket;
23.1;1;Ali to Bailey, 1 run flighted on off stump, Bailey works it to the left of short fine leg;
22.6;1;Anderson to Bailey, 1 run stays beside the shortish ball outside off and runs it to deep third man;
22.5;1;Anderson to Finch, 1 run banged in and Finch gets on top of it with a pull and keeps it down to deep square leg;
22.4;?;Anderson to Finch, no run cramps him up on off stump and Finch clips it to short midwicket;
22.3;?;Anderson to Finch, no run back of a length on off stump, defended;
22.2;6;Anderson to Finch, SIX runs lofts it all the way! Didn't seem like it came off the middle, but it doesn't need to nowaways. does it? Lunges forward in glee after seeing the length full and the line wide and enjoys a six off the bottom of the bat;
22.1;?;Anderson to Finch, no run good length ball on middle nad leg, clipped away into the leg side;
21.6;1;Ali to Finch, 1 run tossed up on middle and leg, clipped away to deep midwicket;
21.5;4;Ali to Finch, FOUR runs paddle-sweep outbreak! Finch decides to see how low he can go and shovels a length ball from Moeen away to the long leg boundary;
21.4;1;Ali to Bailey, 1 run gets down the ground and taps it to long-on, Root's the man who keeps it to a single;
21.3;?;Ali to Bailey, no run fuller delivery outside off, Bailey opens the face as he defends;
21.2;?;Ali to Bailey, no run jumps down the track and gets a bit of an edge while trying to flick the ball away. Lucky there's no one close in;
21.1;4;Ali to Bailey, FOUR runs dinky little paddy for Bailey and he beats long leg comfortably. Moeen is bowling a flatter trajectory and that means more pace on the ball, which the Australia captain exploits;
20.6;?;Anderson to Finch, no run fuller delivery on off stump and Finch hammers it back at the bowler;
20.5;2;Anderson to Finch, 2 runs jumps down the track, but Anderson pulls his length back. Finch is not wrongfooted though and manages to pull it down to long leg and race over for a couple. They ran on the throw, that's how difficult it is for the deep fielders;
20.4;?;Anderson to Finch, no run back of a length on off stump, tapped down the ground;
20.3;?;Anderson to Finch, no run fullish on off stump, Finch nudges to mid-on. Run-rate seems to be stuck the last few overs. Less than four in the last five;
20.2;?;Anderson to Finch, no run just a shade short and Finch scythes it towards point, neat job opening the face there;
20.1;?;Anderson to Finch, no run good length ball that straightens on off stump, Finch has been there enough to block it;
19.6;?;Ali to Bailey, no run nips down the ground, but Bailey can't beat the infield on the leg side;
19.5;1;Ali to Finch, 1 run flighted outside off, pushed to long-on;
19.4;?;Ali to Finch, no run looks to force the good length ball into the covers, but can't beat the bowler;
19.3;?;Ali to Finch, no run flatter delivery on off stump, kept out;
19.2;?;Ali to Finch, no run gets forward to defend a good length ball outside off;
19.1;?;Ali to Finch, no run struck outside the line, and possibly high too on the lbw appeal. Good length ball, skids and cuts back in at the batsman who was playing a flick;
18.6;2;Anderson to Bailey, 2 runs short and wide and it doens't matter if you have two points, Bailey's split them with a rasping cut and takes two to the sweeper;
18.5;?;Anderson to Bailey, no run fullish and curling away on off stump, Bailey lunges forward and pushes to mid-off;
18.4;?;Anderson to Bailey, no run back of a length and outside off, Bailey continues using the open face and finds point;
18.3;?;Anderson to Bailey, no run pushes outside off as JImmy gets the ball to nip away just enough to beat Bailey. He was only half forward there;
18.2;?;Anderson to Bailey, no run takes the leading edge as Bailey was looking to work a good length ball through midwicket. Has to settle for not lobbing the ball one of the close-in fielders on the off side;
18.1;?;Anderson to Bailey, no run fullish delivery outside off, Bailey is forward with a block;
17.6;?;Finn to Finch, no run moves across on middle and gets struck on the pads! Finn launches a huge appeal, but Dharmasena is unmoved. It was a good length ball that cut back in at the batsman, but did strike him a bit high;
17.5;3;Finn to Bailey, 3 runs very short and Bailey leaps up and slams the cut down into the ground. Carried to point, but he had placed it just a touch wide of Bell there;
17.4;1;Finn to Finch, 1 run opens the face against a fuller delivery outside off and gets a single to deep point;
17.3;?;Finn to Finch, no run good length ball on off stump, defended;
17.2;?;Finn to Finch, no run extra bounce for Finn! The batsman was looking to move across and clip the ball through midwicket, but has to resort to a straight bat;
17.1;2;Finn to Finch, 2 runs runs a shortish delivery past point's left and secures a couple of runs to deep third man. Great intensity from Finch, picked out Moeen, who suddenly realises how far away from the stumps he was;
16.6;?;Woakes to Bailey, no run gets a little shape back in at Bailey and ruins his off drive, which goes to mid-on instead;
16.5;?;Woakes to Bailey, no run pushes him back with a shortish delivery on middle, Bailey loses his balance for just a second as he pushes to mid-on;
16.4;1;Woakes to Finch, 1 run short and a shade outside off, Finch drags it wit ha pull to deep midwicket;
16.3;1;Woakes to Bailey, 1 run fullish on middle, Bailey taps it down the ground, beats the bowler, beats mid-on diving across and secures a single;
16.2;?;Woakes to Bailey, no run beautiful drive to a fuller ball on off stump, Broad gets behind it and keeps it to none;
16.1;1;Woakes to Finch, 1 run short and outside off, Finch has set up for the cut and has timed it sublimely. But Taylor is there and he dives to his left to save a certain boundary. Great work;
15.6;2;Finn to Bailey, 2 runs shortish and outside off, slapped away behind point as Bailey feels more of the middle of his bat;
15.5;1;Finn to Finch, 1 run shortish on off stump, tapped towards deep square leg;
15.4;3;Finn to Bailey, 3 runs full and a shade wide of off stump, Bailey slices it through point and picks up three. Played that with one hand to try and keep it to ground and benefits from it;
15.3;?;Finn to Bailey, no run back of a length on off stump, defended;
15.2;?;Finn to Bailey, no run Mix up! full on middle and off, Bailey manages to protect his stumps and Finch was launching himself back into the crease to try and save himself. And drops his bat. Bailey hasn't realised it as he simply took off, craving runs in the form he's in, and has to scamper back before mid-off catches up with it;
15.1;1;Finn to Finch, 1 run entices the drive and Finch is happy to oblige, mid-off has to run a little to his left to keep that to a single. Broad, I think;
14.6;?;Woakes to Bailey, no run lovely channel from Woakes as he keeps Bailey to a forward defensive into the off side. Right, lots of cricket has happened. Time for a drinks break;
14.5;1;Woakes to Finch, 1 run shortish on off stump, Finch tucks it around the corner to long leg and ensures he doesn't run on the pitch;
14.4;1;Woakes to Bailey, 1 run banged in short and Bailey swivels on the back foot and pulls to Moeen at deep midwicket;
14.3;?;Woakes to Bailey, no run fullish and outside off, Bailey slices it towards point and can't find the gap;
14.2;1;Woakes to Finch, 1 run works it away from the off stump as he favours the gap through midwicket. Slightly lesser pace from Woakes allows the batsmen that liberty;
14.1;?;Woakes to Finch, no run gets in line with a shortish ball that was on and around off stump;
13.6;1;Finn to Finch, 1 run shortish on off stump, Finch moves a touch outside the line and nudges it through midwicket;
13.5;?;Finn to Finch, no run back of a length and outside off, tapped off the open face to point;
13.4;?;Finn to Finch, no run full and wide outside off, Finch throws his bat at it but can't connect;
13.3;?;Finn to Finch, no run;
13.2;?;Finn to Finch, no run back of a length on off stump, defended carefully;
13.1;1;Finn to Bailey, 1 run opens the face and runs a back of a length ball through point;
12.6;1;Woakes to Bailey, 1 run almost slipped off his feet while he pulls! The camera pans away so I can't see if he did overbalance and yep, he did fall over and nearly ticked the off stump with his back foot, but amid it all he has sent a good bouncer over middle and leg to long leg;
12.5;?;Woakes to Bailey, no run fullish on off stump, gets Bailey forward for once to block;
12.4;?;Woakes to Bailey, no run ouch! But Taylor's grinning at short leg after taking a whack on his right ankle! Full-blooded pull from Bailey against a short ball outside off and the fielder was crouching as much as he could to escape the blow. No such luck for the poor guy;
12.3;?;Woakes to Bailey, no run shortish on middle and off, defended;
12.2;1;Woakes to Finch, 1 run full and outside off, Finch unveils a gorgeous drive to the left of Stuart Broad, who slips on his way from mid-off. He stops it nonetheless. But not before Finch has gone to fifty off 42 balls, MCG loves him, local boy, isn't he?;
12.1;2;Woakes to Finch, 2 runs shortish and outside off, Finch has cracked it behind point but doesn't trouble third man. Everytime the ball beats the infield, it seems to be two;
11.6;?;Finn to Bailey, no run makes him hop with a bit of extra bounce, and just enough pace away. Bailey softens the grip on his bat and weathers it well;
11.5;?;Finn to Bailey, no run fullish on off stump, has Bailey a little uncertain as he keeps to his crease and blocks with an open face;
11.4;1;Finn to Finch, 1 run uses Finn's pace and bounce and directs him to long leg;
11.3;?;Finn to Finch, no run good length ball on off stump, tapped towards short midwicket;
11.2;4;Finn to Finch, FOUR runs shortish on middle, but Finch has pounced on it. Stays back, lifts his front leg for balance and half-pulls, half-paddles it to the long leg boundary. Magnificent timing;
11.1;?;Finn to Finch, no run a touch too full and Finch has loved the drive today. Finds mid-on;
10.6;1;Woakes to Finch, 1 run fullish on middle and off, but it ends up at long leg because of some inward movement and Finch's flick. Two new balls are fun, aren't they?;
10.5;1;Woakes to Bailey, 1 run clipped off his hips as he enjoys the comfort of staying back and working with the pace of the bowler;
10.4;?;Woakes to Bailey, no run good length ball a shade outside off, left well alone;
10.3;W;Woakes to Smith, OUT inswing! Beautiful inswing! Gets the inside edge, knocks into off stump and Smith is on his way. He was moving around the crease a touch too much and the fuller delivery cuts back in to fool his front-foot drive on the up and makes him hear a sound every batsman hates;Steven Smith b Woakes 5 (14m 9b 1x4 0x6) SR: 55.55;
10.2;?;Woakes to Smith, no run fullish on off stump, Smith wanders outside off to try and block. Was he even blocking? The bat was hidden behind his pad;
10.1;4;Woakes to Smith, FOUR runs who cares for the text book? It's a back of a length ball that might have brought out a pull of a punch through cover. But Smith decides to swat it through wide mid-on;
9.6;?;Broad to Finch, no run another searing bouncer from Broady and Buttler has to stretch himself like elastic to get a hand to that. Finch stares in disbelief at the umpires who rule it a legal ball. And I think they might just be right, it rose sharply after passing the batsman around shoulder/ neck height;
9.5;?;Broad to Finch, no run banged in short and Finch, having loaded up for a pull, decides to drop his wrists and go safety first. One-bouncer for the over says umpire Dharmasena;
9.4;2;Broad to Finch, 2 runs cramped for room, so Finch has to stay content with working the back of a length delivery to long leg and scamper a couple;
9.3;1;Broad to Smith, 1 run fullish and outside off, Smith shuffles across as he so often does and clips it towards the midwicket region;
9.2;1;Broad to Finch, 1 run fullish on middle and leg, nudged into midwicket;
9.1;2;Broad to Finch, 2 runs outside edge as Finch is opened up! But Australa get the benefit of it because Finch is quick enough for two. Good length ball shapes away quite late and had him in a bit of bother;
8.6;?;Woakes to Smith, no run fullish delivery outside off, Smith steps forward with a defensive bat;
8.5;?;Woakes to Smith, no run shortish on middle and leg, tapped towards mid-on;
8.4;?;Woakes to Smith, no run good length ball outside off, Smith lunges forward and shoulders arms;
8.3;1;Woakes to Finch, 1 run shortish on off stump again, Finch tucks it towards long leg;
8.2;2;Woakes to Finch, 2 runs shortish and Finch leaps off his feet and cuts past Morgan and point and gets a couple of runs before Taylor catches up with it;
8.1;?;Woakes to Finch, no run full and curling in on middle and leg, blocked just about as Finch decides not to close his bat at the last minute;
7.6;?;Broad to Smith, no run top-class bouncer now and there's an extravagant appeal from Broad and Buttler. Morgan joins them in the discussion for a review, but he doesn't think it merits one. Beats Smith for pace and the line of the short ball was a shade outside off too, meaning Smith, who had gone for the pull, had to drag the ball. Fails to make any contact, presumably;
7.5;?;Broad to Smith, no run full and targeting the bast of off stump and Smith was moving across to try and flick it away. Corrects himself just in time and blocks with a less of a closed bat and saves himself;
7.4;W;Broad to Watson, OUT it just had to happen, right? MCG, big, raucous crowd, Broad is in his element! Terrific length and the line is impeccable on off stump. Brings the batsman forward and jags the ball away, steals the outside edge and the keeper does the rest. England are right back in it!;Shane Watson c ?Buttler b Broad 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
7.3;W;Broad to Warner, OUT searing in at Warner and his stumps are toppled! It was the cross-seamer, like the previous ball, only it still manages to swing. Beats him for pace, beats him for movement and sends him back. Big strike for England, and what was the length?;David Warner b Broad 22 (34m 18b 3x4 0x6) SR: 122.22;
7.2;4;Broad to Warner, FOUR runs that's mauled! It might have been a tad short, but the shot it got was quite emphatic. He was on the front foot, swung that big blade and walloped it over deep square leg as Broad's shoulder's slump in his followthrough;
7.1;1;Broad to Finch, 1 run shortish and a shade outside off, pulled off one leg to long leg. Say that five times fast!;
6.6;1;Anderson to Finch, 1 run jumps inside the line and flicks a shortish delivery off his hips behind square leg and retains strike;
6.5;?;Anderson to Finch, no run shortish on off stump, defended cautiously;
6.4;?;Anderson to Finch, no run fullish on middle and leg, clipped to square leg;
6.3;?;Anderson to Finch, no run hits him on his stomach as Finch tries to work a shortish delivery across the line and gets a hit;
6.2;?;Anderson to Finch, no run back of a length on off stump, defended under his eyes;
6.1;4;Anderson to Finch, FOUR runs shortish on middle and leg, Finch skips inside the line and tickles it quite fine. That's Australia's fifty and it's the result of their batsmen whacking England's seamers off their lengths;

Derek Hebbert: "I got up early to watch a competitive game but with England fluffing 3 chances in the first 5 overs I am going back to bed. Enjoy the game everybody!!!"
 Innings Start
That's all we've got for you from the MCG, but plenty more will be pouring in. Analyses from the ground, quotes from the players, craziness from Jarrod Kimber and of course, the match report from Brydon Coverdale. So look out for those, but this is Alagappan Muthu slipping away quietly to change my name to possibly research how I can change my name to Mitch
"It was a very very special moment, especially when the national anthems started. When you see the top stands filling up you know it's going to be a good crowd [it was 84,336 people]," says George Bailey. "The track slowed up later so it was nice to have a crack on the pitch first up. Home ground for Finch and he rose to the occasion, that's what we want gfrom the top order. I dont think he bowled that many overs in a row, I wanted him to take five wickets and I had to worry about the medical staff yelling at me. Good partnership, we lost a couple of wickets and it was nice to set up the innings or Mitch and Hadds and Maxi."
"I think it was probably above par, the wicket is really good and we probably let ourselves down in the field," says Eoin Morgan. "Death bowling let us down. 310 was par, but we needed all our guns firing. It's one of our strengths, we've been top in the first 10-overs and with Jimmy and Broady back, bowling was a good decision. That's the most frustrating thing, we started slow and cold in the field with drop catches and run outs. Finny taking his second five for on this tour so far and James Taylor very unlucky not to get a hundred. They're probably our two toughtest games in the group stage, and if we keep testing ourselves like this we'll go on to the quarter finals. I think the senior players need to stand up that's all."
10,00 pm England have struggled all through this game, but they did not deserve an end like this. James Taylor batted like a champion without any support and is left stranded on 98 for seemingly baffling reasons. Lots to talk about on Match Point
England's top order seemed to be a bit confused on which approach to take and Australia's fast bowlers - Mitchell Starc in particular - did not help matters with their express pace and fuller lengths. Then with the middle-order starting to wobble, Mitchell Marsh took over and sealed the match. If not for Taylor and his medley of slices and dabs, pulls, sweeps and reverse sweeps, England's margin of defeat would have been even more mammoth
"Surreal, it's just sinking it. We knew it was going to slow up a little bit. We would've batted first, it's a bit nervy being the first game of the tournament. [Dropped catch] thought I hit it nicely off the middle, you're not allowed to put fielders there. Just moving past that. Everyone contributed with bat or ball and contributed in the field as well. Good to take this win and hopefull build momentum in the tournament," says Aaron Finch, the Man of the Match
41.5;W;Hazlewood to Taylor, OUT full and straight on middle and leg, Taylor looks for a flick and seems to have almost fallen over. Big appeal from the bowler, umpire Dar thinks and then gives it. Taylor immediately reviews it and it appears the ball might be skating down leg. Century still on the cards, it would seem. Funnily though, Aaron Finch had come up and started shaking hands with Taylor thinking the match was done. But wait, Dharmasena was checking for the run-out as the batsmen were looking to sneak a leg bye and it appears Maxwell has found his target to leave Anderson short of his ground. But how can that be considering Dar had given it out lbw and that means the ball should be dead, right? The question is, was he run out before the umpire's finger came up or was it after.... Taylor keeps telling it is dead ball, repeating it over and over, but Australia are already shaking hands and the umpires confirm that Anderson is indeed run out;James Anderson run out (Maxwell) 8 (26m 11b 1x4 0x6) SR: 72.72;
41.4;1;Hazlewood to Anderson, 1 run Warner torpedoes himself towards the ball that had lobbed up from Anderson's leading edge. Terrific short ball from Hazlewood, but he;
41.3;1lb;Hazlewood to Taylor, 1 leg bye goes short, Taylor goes for a pull and it lobs over the keeper for a single to long leg. It is leg-byes though, so he remains on 98;
41.2;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run full and on off stump, Taylor tries to slice it through the covers. But can't quite manage it;
41.1;4;Hazlewood to Taylor, FOUR runs runs down the track and hammers a shortish ball to the left of mid-on. Marsh is the man cutting across, but he misfields and gives away a boundary;
40.6;?;Starc to Anderson, no run good length ball outside off and Anderson stays alive for another over. Meanwhile, Starc's gone down, and stretches his left leg;
40.5;4;Starc to Anderson, FOUR runs fuller delivery outside off, Anderson pushes with an angled bat and beats the lone slip in place;
40.4;?;Starc to Anderson, no run fuller delivery on off stump, defended;
40.3;?;Starc to Anderson, no run almost! Anderson had jumped down the track while making room and manages an inside edge to a yorker. Seems to be a bump ball as Haddin leaps to his right to cling on;
40.2;?;Starc to Anderson, no run short and a shade wide of off stump, Anderson attempts a feeble cut and is beaten;
40.1;?;Starc to Anderson, no run back of a length on off stump, tapped into the leg side;
39.6;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run tip-top short ball at 143 kph, Taylor weaves inside the line and survives. But can Anderson?;
39.5;2;Johnson to Taylor, 2 runs slower ball outside off, Taylor moves across and heaves it to long leg;
39.4;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run he's taken a bit of a hit there while trying to pull a short, 143 kph delivery. No run as the ball sneaks towards point;
39.3;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run slower ball outside off, Taylor tries to slice it towards third man but it dribbles through after pitching and puts both him and the keeper off;
39.2;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run runs down and slaps a good length ball at cover;
39.1;1;Johnson to Anderson, 1 run that's a touch short and wide, Anderson taps it to deep third man;
38.6;4;Starc to Taylor, FOUR runs another one in the blockhole and it's somehow been sliced away past the keeper and into the third man boundary;
38.5;2;Starc to Taylor, 2 runs Bailey leaps after it, sticks out his right hand and almost had a hold of it! Propelled himself off the turf to try and end the innings but he just can't quite manage it. Beautiful lines and lengths from Starc, yorker after yorker after yorker;
38.4;2;Starc to Taylor, 2 runs full and on the base of middle and leg, whipped to deep square leg;
38.3;?;Starc to Taylor, no run goes wide of the crease and fires in a fuller delivery at 146 kph. Taylor isn't worried about the pace as he runs down and looks for a heave. Beaten;
38.2;4;Starc to Taylor, FOUR runs goes short and slow and Taylor has spotted it, swayed away from it and then presents his bat up like a ramp to let the ball leap away to the third man boundary;
38.1;1;Starc to Anderson, 1 run full toss on middle, Anderson taps it through mid-off;
37.6;4;Johnson to Taylor, FOUR runs full toss a shade outside off, Taylor stays beside it and slices it through the vacant point region. Magnificent placement. But that leaves Anderson with six balls to face off Starc;
37.5;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run full on off stump, Taylor goes for a sweep and gets an inside edge onto his pads. Yikes, that's a scary shot to attempt against that kind of pace;
37.4;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run fuller and outside off, Taylor looks for the slog to deep midwicket and is beaten. 140-plus kph;
37.3;1;Johnson to Anderson, 1 run fuller delivery outside off, Anderson was going for a push through the covers and ends up with an inside edge to long leg;
37.3;5w;Johnson to Anderson, 5 wide 144kph, full and slipping down leg, Haddin can't reach across to it as he dives to his right;
37.2;?;Johnson to Anderson, no run full on off stump, Anderson covers it;
37.1;W;Johnson to Finn, OUT Johnson v tailender... only one result! Vicious bouncer on middle, Finn appeared rooted, defends to protect himself and stared bemusedly at where the ball might have gone after it popped up off the splice. Mitch knew exactly where it was though as he runs up and takes the easiest of caught-and-bowleds;Steven Finn c & b Johnson 1 (4m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 16.66;
36.6;1;Starc to Finn, 1 run 146kph, full, ends up a full toss on leg stump and it curls in sharply - reverse, I imagine - worked wide of mid-on;
36.5;?;Starc to Finn, no run banged in short and a shade outside off, weaves away from the line;
36.4;?;Starc to Finn, no run another searing yorker, at 146 kph! Only whiskers away from the off stump as Finn pokes around timidly;
36.3;?;Starc to Finn, no run fired in on and around off stump, Finn tries to run away from the line of the ball and plonks his bat out to try and stop it's progress. No such luck;
36.2;?;Starc to Finn, no run goes short and slantes the ball across the right-hander, Finn doens't bother with it;
36.1;W;Starc to Broad, OUT first-baller and the stumps right up! Eight wickers down, all to the Mitches. And this was a yorker any fast bowler would he proud of! Ripped right through Broad's defences;Stuart Broad b Starc 0 (3m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
35.6;4;Johnson to Taylor, FOUR runs backs away and slaps the shortish ball through the covers and picks up consecutive boundaries and a trail of 'what ifs' walk past every England supporter's mind;
35.5;4;Johnson to Taylor, FOUR runs leans away from the short delivery on middle and ramps it over the keeper. He's sort of like Morgan, when the England captain was in form, of course;
35.4;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run another slower ball on off stump, Taylor picks it and pushes into the off side;
35.3;2;Johnson to Taylor, 2 runs gets a bit of an awkward bounce as he was trying to run the shortish ball outside off towards third man. Ends up almost spooning a catch to point. In the end, he managed it quite well and scampered for a single too;
35.2;W;Johnson to Woakes, OUT slower ball outside off, lifted a bit too high into the air and well, don't bother it's Smith under it having back-pedalled from mid-off. So it's bound to be taken. Beaten for the lack of pace and England's fiesty resistance seems to be at an end;Chris Woakes c Smith b Johnson 37 (54m 42b 2x4 0x6) SR: 88.09;
35.1;?;Johnson to Woakes, no run fuller delivery outside off, Woakes was looking for the booming drive through the covers but ends up with an inside edge back at the bowler;
34.6;?;Starc to Taylor, no run looks for the leg stump yorker and ties Taylor down. Gets a leading edge off the flick to point;
34.5;1;Starc to Woakes, 1 run full and targeting the base of off stump, Woakes pushes through mid-off;
34.4;1;Starc to Taylor, 1 run 137kph, chopes a shortish delivery on off stump towards third man;
34.3;?;Starc to Taylor, no run goes around the wicket and attempts to get the better of another lovely bouncer, right over middle and has enough height to threaten Taylor's neck - if he had stayed still. Taylor had moved outside leg to upper cut the ball, but can't;
34.2;?;Starc to Taylor, no run backs away to a back of a length delivery and looks to flay it over cover, but misses. Starc's too quick on that occasion;
34.1;6;Starc to Taylor, SIX runs fuller delivery on off stump, tonked down the ground and over the long-on boundary. That's a stroke to wake up the England fans;
33.6;?;Marsh to Woakes, no run banged in and Woakes was looking to pull off the front foot, a little bit, beaten for pace and the lift he gets;
33.5;1;Marsh to Taylor, 1 run fuller delivery on off stump, pushed towards mid-on;
33.4;4;Marsh to Taylor, FOUR runs runs down the track and hammers a boundary over mid-on's head. Picked the length up so quickly and attempts to dispel the Mitch-phobia;
33.3;1;Marsh to Woakes, 1 run goes short and Woakes has pulled it to long leg;
33.2;1;Marsh to Taylor, 1 run falls on the bounce to Johnson as he scythes a wide delivery to deep third man;
33.1;6;Marsh to Taylor, SIX runs that's his fifty, off a bit of a streaky sweep. Tries to take advantage of short fine leg being up and does so rather well;
32.6;?;Watson to Woakes, no run length on off stump, thumped to mid-on;
32.5;?;Watson to Woakes, no run short and has enough spice to beat Woakes' pull, and he was on the front foot as well. Definitely not ready for that ball;
32.4;?;Watson to Woakes, no run good length ball on off stump, defended;
32.3;1;Watson to Taylor, 1 run back of a length and outside off, tapped to deep third man;
32.2;1;Watson to Woakes, 1 run shortish on middle and leg, whipped to deep midwicket again;
32.1;2;Watson to Woakes, 2 runs goes short and tries to cramp him for room, but he doesn't have enough pace to worry Woakes. Pulled to deep midwicket;
31.6;1;Marsh to Woakes, 1 run fuller delivery on middle and leg, clipped past midwicket's right and that will be drinks as well;
31.5;?;Marsh to Woakes, no run slap, but it's right at Smith at short cover. Back of a length delivery with width amounts to nothing;
31.4;?;Marsh to Woakes, no run back of a length on off stump, defended carefully;
31.3;?;Marsh to Woakes, no run good length ball outside off, seems to move away as well. Woakes pokes and misses;
31.2;1;Marsh to Taylor, 1 run fuller delivery on off stump, Taylor nudges it towards mid-on and scampers away to mid-on;
31.1;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run short and outside off, Taylor cuts below the ball and is beaten;
30.6;?;Watson to Woakes, no run back of a length and outside off, Woakes was trying to open up the off side by making room, but his push ends up at short midwicket off an inside edge;
30.5;?;Watson to Woakes, no run hit on the up, but the drive to a good length ball outside off doesn't beat mid-off;
30.4;1;Watson to Taylor, 1 run full and enough width for Taylor to drill through the covers;
30.3;1;Watson to Woakes, 1 run short again and he pulls it to long leg;
30.2;1;Watson to Taylor, 1 run banged in short and it's been pulled to long leg;
30.1;1;Watson to Woakes, 1 run back of a length and outside off, sliced to deep third man;
29.6;?;Maxwell to Taylor, no run shortish on middle and leg, nudged to short midwicket;
29.5;3;Maxwell to Woakes, 3 runs shortish and outside off, Woakes backs away and hammers it through the covers;
29.4;4;Maxwell to Woakes, FOUR runs too far down leg to get away with and Woakes sweeps to bring up the England 150. They'd prefer the number on the next column to have been a little less than six;
29.3;1;Maxwell to Taylor, 1 run wanders down and works it down to long-on for a single;
29.2;?;Maxwell to Taylor, no run gets down the track to knock a good length ball into the on side and has to get back in his crease as Maxi gets around to it himself;
29.1;4;Maxwell to Taylor, FOUR runs picks up the length immensely quickly and pulls out the reverse sweep to exploit the gap in the covers. Strong stroke from Taylor;
28.6;1;Smith to Taylor, 1 run a shade short and Taylor rocks back to punch the ball through cover;
28.5;1;Smith to Woakes, 1 run whipped to the right of mid-on for a single;
28.4;3;Smith to Taylor, 3 runs a bit short, enough width, cracked behind point for a couple of runs. Starc does well with a slide there;
28.3;?;Smith to Taylor, no run flighted on middle and off, pushed into the covers;
28.2;4;Smith to Taylor, FOUR runs down the track to reach the ball on the full and hammers the ball as hard as he could. Finch runs to his right and slides as well. No luck stopping the boundary;
28.1;1;Smith to Woakes, 1 run flighted on middle, pushed to long-off;
27.6;1;Maxwell to Woakes, 1 run sees the batsman coming down and flattens the trajectory. Taylor pushes into the covers and the ricochet is taken care of by mid-off;
27.5;2;Maxwell to Woakes, 2 runs beats Johnson inside the circle, but there is cover behind him for the sweep shot;
27.4;1;Maxwell to Taylor, 1 run lunges for a flighted delivery outside off and whips it to long-on;
27.3;2;Maxwell to Taylor, 2 runs Watson lets a reverse sweep through him at short third man. Taylor didn't quite time it as well as he'd like;
27.2;1;Maxwell to Woakes, 1 run closes the face a bit on the flighted ball on off stump and drives to long-on;
27.1;?;Maxwell to Woakes, no run tossed up on middle and leg, pushed back at the bowler;
26.6;4;Smith to Taylor, FOUR runs too short again from Smith and Taylor is able to blast it to the wide long-on boundary;
26.5;3;Smith to Woakes, 3 runs quicker and flatter and Woakes has leapt back and late cuts it magnificently between backward point and deep third man. Watson races after it and flicks it back into the field of play;
26.4;?;Smith to Woakes, no run tossed up on off stump, defended;
26.3;?;Smith to Woakes, no run pushed into the covers;
26.2;1;Smith to Taylor, 1 run presents a long hop that Taylor wants to scorch the outfield with as he seeks the long-on boundary, stopped at mid-on;
26.1;1;Smith to Woakes, 1 run tossed up into the base of off stump squeezed into the covers;
25.6;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run another testing short ball that soars over Taylor as he attempts a pull. Appeal from the bowler and the keeper, and the captain is convinced enough to go for a review. The front foot is fine, the direction of the ball was even finer - lifting over the head on middle and leg - appears to be the glove, maybe? No spike on snicko, but there appears to be a deflection... No evidence one way or the other though. This might go to the batsman on benefit of doubt. Not out it is;
25.5;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run fuller delivery meandering down leg, Taylor's flick fails again and the umpire is not bothered by the lbw appeal;
25.4;2;Hazlewood to Taylor, 2 runs dropped by Finch! Apparently they are human. It's a good short ball from Hazlewood that skids onto Taylor who goes for a pull, top edges it to the man at deep square leg and it is quite a comfortable take by all accounts. He just fails to hold on;
25.3;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run full and pushed in on leg stump, Taylor was looking for a flick but doesn't quite connect. Weathers an lbw appeal because the ball would have slid down;
25.2;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run hit him on the hip as Taylor attempts a pull against a shortish ball on middle;
25.1;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run fuller delivery on off stump, pushed back whence it came;
24.6;1;Starc to Taylor, 1 run moves around the wicket and delivers one shortish and at Taylor's body as he jumps across and attempts to help it to deep midwicket with a pull. Mistimes it;
24.5;1;Starc to Woakes, 1 run opens the face and slides a back of a length ball past the slip fielder to deep third man. That's a pretty good shot from Woakes;
24.4;?;Starc to Woakes, no run goes short and gets Woakes to sway out of the line. Sails over off stump;
24.3;?;Starc to Woakes, no run shortish and outside off, chopped to point;
24.2;1;Starc to Taylor, 1 run fuller delivery outside off, tapped through to deep point;
24.1;3;Starc to Woakes, 3 runs fuller delivery outside off, he threads it through the covers for three very good runs. But at this stage... well....;
23.6;4;Hazlewood to Taylor, FOUR runs runs down the pitch and gets a top edge that soars over the keeper. Didn't pick the proper length to use his feet and the ball was onto him quite quickly as well;
23.5;1;Hazlewood to Woakes, 1 run goes short and Woakes has short-arm pulled it to deep midwicket;
23.4;2;Hazlewood to Woakes, 2 runs slipping down the leg side and he picks it away behind square leg;
23.3;?;Hazlewood to Woakes, no run shortish and outside off, slapped to point;
23.2;1;Hazlewood to Taylor, 1 run opens the face and runs a shortish delivery to deep third man;
23.1;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run back of a length on off stump, defended;
22.6;4;Starc to Woakes, FOUR runs a bit of curve back in, but Woakes exploits it with a sharp whip off his toes that screams away through the vacant midwicket regoin;
22.5;?;Starc to Woakes, no run fuller delivery on middle and leg, defended;
22.4;1;Starc to Taylor, 1 run shortish and outside off, slapped behind point;
22.3;?;Starc to Taylor, no run gets down the track and pushes a shortish delivery towards point;
22.2;?;Starc to Taylor, no run looks for the yorker on off stump, sliced towards point;
22.1;?;Starc to Taylor, no run fuller delivery outside off, pushed into the covers;
21.6;1;Marsh to Taylor, 1 run good length ball on middle and leg, clipped into the vacant square leg region;
21.5;1;Marsh to Woakes, 1 run goes short and it's pulled to long leg;
21.4;?;Marsh to Woakes, no run brings out a checked drive into the covers, but Smith's in there. So no run;
21.3;?;Marsh to Woakes, no run fullish on middle, kept out;
21.2;W;Marsh to Buttler, OUT Marsh has five, but this wicket is all Smith's! What a stunner at short cover! Forget Superman, just look at this guy leaping to his left and sticking out both hands that grapples a full-blooded bludgeon!;Jos Buttler c Smith b Marsh 10 (11m 12b 1x4 0x6) SR: 83.33;
21.1;1;Marsh to Taylor, 1 run shortish on middle, crouches low and shovel-pulled to deep square leg;
20.6;2;Maxwell to Buttler, 2 runs jumps back as he sees a bit of width and cracks it through the covers. Good footwork to create some room for himself;
20.5;1;Maxwell to Taylor, 1 run tossed up on middle, pushed to long-on;
20.4;1;Maxwell to Buttler, 1 run flighted on middle and leg, whipped to long-on;
20.3;1;Maxwell to Taylor, 1 run down the track and he manages a flick that beats Warner at square leg;
20.2;1;Maxwell to Buttler, 1 run lunges forward and outside off to paddle the fighted ball to long leg;
20.1;4;Maxwell to Buttler, FOUR runs taste of his own medicine then. Reverse sweep to the third man boundary and it simply skims off this MCG outfield. Was cramping him on leg stump, but his wrists are quite powerful;
19.6;1;Marsh to Buttler, 1 run fuller delivery outside off, pushed to the left of cover and Smith is unable to prevent the single;
19.5;?;Marsh to Buttler, no run good length ball outside off, Buttler gropes for it as if he was playing in the dark. No feet, all hands, soundly beaten. Scrambled seam working for Australia;
19.4;?;Marsh to Buttler, no run banged in short on middle, Buttler sinks below it;
19.3;1;Marsh to Taylor, 1 run fuller delivery outside off, gets a thick edge as it squirts away towards point while he was trying to drive;
19.2;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run brings out a pretty drive, but short cover is not going to let it go past him. Marsh keeps the length full and the line a shade outside off;
19.1;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run fuller delivery on middle and leg, nudged towards mid-on;
18.6;?;Maxwell to Buttler, no run flighted outside off, eased into the covers;
18.6;1w;Maxwell to Buttler, 1 wide slipping down leg as Buttler doesn't bother with it;
18.5;1;Maxwell to Taylor, 1 run advances on a fuller delivery and pushes to long-on;
18.4;1;Maxwell to Buttler, 1 run tossed up on middle, clipped to deep midwicket;
18.3;?;Maxwell to Buttler, no run short and wide outside off, slapped to Starc at point;
18.2;2lb;Maxwell to Buttler, 2 leg byes fuller delivery on middle and leg, clipped to long leg again;
18.1;1;Maxwell to Taylor, 1 run gets down the track and takes the fuller ball on the full to long leg;
17.6;W;Marsh to Morgan, OUT six balls, no runs, poor shot, Morgan's form appears to be like a mythical creature that just cannot be found. It's the slower short ball and he goes for a pull, can't adjust for the lack of pace, and gets a cue-end to Haddin, who dives to his left and forward as well to complete a spectacular grab;Eoin Morgan c ?Haddin b Marsh 0 (24m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
17.5;?;Marsh to Morgan, no run good length and probing around the off stump, Morgan shoulders arms;
17.4;1;Marsh to Taylor, 1 run fuller delivery on off stump, pushed down the ground for a single before mid-on and mid-off could cut across;
17.3;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run fuller delivery outside off, pushed towards cover;
17.2;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run fuller delivery on off stump, defended towards point;
17.1;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run back of a length on off stump, defended off the open face;
16.6;1lb;Johnson to Taylor, 1 leg bye moves around the wicket and cramps Taylor up on middle and leg - boy, that angle must be awkward - tickled towards fine leg;
16.5;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run good length ball outside off, which seems to lack all of Mitch's pace, left quite well alone;
16.4;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run full on middle with some curl back in at Taylor. Solidly defended and Johnson grabs it with one hand and nails the stumps behind the batsman. He was in though. Just a bit of bravado from the premier Australia fast bowler;
16.3;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run top delivery! Wasn't quite his usually searing pace at 139kph, but the cross-seamer nips off the deck and beats Taylor's tentative push towards mid-off;
16.2;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run leans forward to a fuller ball outside off and pushes to cover;
16.1;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run fullish on middle and leg, Taylor's been prone to moving across and that kind of ball might be a bit of a danger. Seems to be right in front of the stumps as he clips to midwicket;
16.1;1w;Johnson to Taylor, 1 wide banged in quite short and Taylor sways away from the line. Too much height on it says the umpire;
15.6;?;Marsh to Morgan, no run another bouncer there. This time well over the head. Gets away with the wide call there. End of another good over;
15.5;?;Marsh to Morgan, no run shortish again and pushes the batsman back. Good, tight bowling this from Marsh. Morgan defends it off the backfoot, is still on nought;
15.4;?;Marsh to Morgan, no run bouncer there. Not exactly gnarling and snarling like his namesake but effective all the same. Batsman bails out just in time;
15.3;1;Marsh to Taylor, 1 run fuller in length this time. Taylor is content to reach the other end, scampers through.;
15.2;2;Marsh to Taylor, 2 runs this one is cut trenchantly, the little Taylor jumping up and swatting it for a single;
15.1;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run and Taylor continues to drift across his stumps. Ball is short of a length with inward drift. Defended;
14.6;1;Johnson to Taylor, 1 run jumps outside off to work a 145 kph short delivery into the midwicket region and manages a quick single. Bailey's throw is off target. But Australia won't mind that much going into drinks;
14.5;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run slower ball, full on off stump, Taylor is wise to it with a forward press and block;
14.4;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run 146kph, full and wide, enticing the drive. Johnson gets it, but not the outside edge. Gives Taylor a stare;
14.3;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run good length ball outside off, Taylor is back and across to push into the covers;
14.2;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run leaps across outside off against a back of a length delivery. That's the technique that failed Smith earlier, nudged into the midwicket region;
14.1;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run shortish on middle and leg, gets across to tuck it into the on side;
13.6;?;Marsh to Morgan, no run fuller delivery on off stump, Morgan defends cautiously;
13.5;W;Marsh to Root, OUT two in two! And Marsh is sure pulling his weight! Becomes the fourth man on a hat-trick today as he gets Root to top-edge a short ball that Haddin tracks down around fine leg;Joe Root c ?Haddin b Marsh 5 (20m 12b 0x4 0x6) SR: 41.66;
13.4;W;Marsh to Bell, OUT speaking of Mitches... This was a slower, length ball and Bell has decided it had to go. Got onto the front foot and slogged it quite well. Only he forgot to calculate for Starc lurking on the midwicket boundary there;Ian Bell c Starc b Marsh 36 (63m 45b 4x4 0x6) SR: 80;
13.3;?;Marsh to Bell, no run back of a length on off stump, defended;
13.2;1;Marsh to Root, 1 run ensures his front foot doesn't get in the way as he whips a fuller delivery from off stump to deep square leg;
13.1;?;Marsh to Root, no run good length ball on off stump, clipped towards mid-on;
12.6;?;Watson to Bell, no run brings Bell forward but his crisp drive is cut short at short cover;
12.5;?;Watson to Bell, no run fuller delivery on off stump, defended underneath his eyes;
12.4;?;Watson to Bell, no run fuller delivery a shade outside off, defended towards point where Warner is quite sharp;
12.3;2;Watson to Bell, 2 runs width on offer and Bell chops it to the right of deep third man;
12.2;2;Watson to Bell, 2 runs banged in short and Bell has jumped all over it. Rocks back and pulls powerfully to deep square leg;
12.1;1;Watson to Root, 1 run back of a length and outside off, punched through the covers;
11.6;4;Marsh to Bell, FOUR runs short and wide, Bell slaps it past point and Finch in the deep isn't quick enough to cut it off. Waited for the perfect moment to tap the ball on top of the bounce and beat both the infield and the lone man on the boundary;
11.5;1;Marsh to Root, 1 run back of a length on middle, tucked through midwicket;
11.4;?;Marsh to Root, no run shortish and outside off, Root goes for a swivel pull but gets an inside edge which Haddin does quite well to stop. Reaches with his left hand and dives for it;
11.3;1;Marsh to Bell, 1 run brings down the open face and chops a shortish ball outside off to third man;
11.2;?;Marsh to Bell, no run fullish and outside off, tapped to point;
11.1;?;Marsh to Bell, no run back of a length and outside off, run towards point;
10.6;?;Johnson to Root, no run back of a length on off stump, safely kept out;
10.5;3;Johnson to Bell, 3 runs staying put on leg stump and trusting the left-armer's angle seems to be working for bell. Lifts this full length delivery up and over cover;
10.4;1;Johnson to Root, 1 run full and wide outside off, Root directs it to deep third man with an angled bat;
10.3;?;Johnson to Root, no run fuller delivery, with a hint of cut back in, pushed towards mid-off;
10.2;?;Johnson to Root, no run banged in short and this time Root has to ball himself up under it. Had attempted to play it first up, as every batsman should and then hurriedly had to take evasive action;
10.1;?;Johnson to Root, no run short ball to greet Root, who bends back away from the line of the ball. All that was missing was his cheeky little grin. Wonder if he's going to flash that eventually;
9.6;?;Marsh to Bell, no run short and outside off, Bell has nailed a cut shot. But looks up and might well have gone, 'oh, come on!' as an acrobatic Smith pounces on it;
9.5;1;Marsh to Root, 1 run good length ball outside off, he gets forward with an open face and slides it down to third man;
9.4;W;Marsh to Ballance, OUT trap set, trap sprung! It's a good length ball on middle, and it shapes in at him as well. Ballance can't help himself but go for a flick and he's picked out Finch at short midwicket;Gary Ballance c Finch b Marsh 10 (23m 13b 2x4 0x6) SR: 76.92;
9.3;?;Marsh to Ballance, no run targets the top of off stump, but Ballance is rock-solid behind it;
9.2;?;Marsh to Ballance, no run good length ball outside off, Ballance gets across to it with a block;
9.1;1;Marsh to Bell, 1 run shortish and outside off, jumps back and pulls to deep midwicket;
8.6;1;Johnson to Bell, 1 run 150kph, full on off stump, Bell has timed it well enough to thread through most infields, but not Australia's! Bailey was the man at mid-off racing to his left and diving away;
8.5;?;Johnson to Bell, no run meanders away outside off and tries to slice a back of a length delivery behind point for a single. Can't find the run;
8.4;?;Johnson to Bell, no run back of a length and outside off, Bell was almost tempted;
8.3;?;Johnson to Bell, no run back of a length and outside off, holsters his weapon;
8.2;4;Johnson to Bell, FOUR runs width, just enough for Bell to lift over the covers. He looks in top form! A little press forward and a beautiful extension of the arms;
8.1;?;Johnson to Bell, no run good length ball on off stump, defended towards mid-off;
7.6;?;Hazlewood to Ballance, no run back of a length and outside off, not bothered with;
7.5;?;Hazlewood to Ballance, no run fullish delivery just a shade outside off, Ballance lifts the bat over his head;
7.4;?;Hazlewood to Ballance, no run shortish on off stump, tucked away towards midwicket;
7.3;1;Hazlewood to Bell, 1 run back of a length on middle, defended and runs like mad to the safety of the other end;
7.2;1;Hazlewood to Ballance, 1 run presents the full face of the bat against a fuller ball on middle and his timing is good enough to ping away into the leg side off Hazlewood's hand;
7.1;?;Hazlewood to Ballance, no run good length ball on off stump, kept out;
6.6;?;Johnson to Bell, no run back of a length and outside off, Bell keeps to his crease and refuses to play;
6.6;1w;Johnson to Bell, 1 wide goes short, but slips the ball down the leg side;
6.5;?;Johnson to Bell, no run fuller delivery outside off, pushed into the covers;
6.4;?;Johnson to Bell, no run fuller delivery on fifth stump, Bell has judged the line quite well and doesn't bother with it;
6.3;1;Johnson to Ballance, 1 run short and wide and quick, Ballance uses all that pace and slices it to deep third man;
6.2;1lb;Johnson to Bell, 1 leg bye shortish and on the hips, Bell works it away to long leg;
6.1;?;Johnson to Bell, no run good length ball on fifth stump, Bell watches it carefully and lets it go;
5.6;4;Hazlewood to Ballance, FOUR runs stroked through the covers! Sizes up an overpitched delivery and it appears the swing is fading all too soon, enjoys the width on it as well and collects his second boundary;
5.5;?;Hazlewood to Ballance, no run fuller delivery outside off, Ballance shoulders arms;
5.4;1;Hazlewood to Bell, 1 run slipping down leg again and Bell clips it to Starc at long leg;
5.3;2;Hazlewood to Bell, 2 runs full on middle and leg, whipped behind square leg for a quick couple;
5.2;2;Hazlewood to Bell, 2 runs swivels on the back foot and pulls a short ball to long leg. He does have the gift of touch, this guy;
5.1;?;Hazlewood to Bell, no run full and slipping down leg, Bell looks for a tickle to fine leg but gets only a bit of pad to the keeper;
4.6;?;Starc to Ballance, no run goes short and his radar goes a bit wonky as the ball soars well wide of Ballance's off stump. Left quite alone;
4.5;4;Starc to Ballance, FOUR runs 149kph, that was seriously full, and Ballance is lucky with an inside edge that rushes to the fine leg boundary. No feet, tentative poke, lucky four;
4.4;W;Starc to Ali, OUT tried to force one too many, didn't pick the right ball, didn't pick the right bowler. Starc's been generating some serious pace, and this shortish ball reaches Moeen a bit too quickly. A mistimed pull shot lands in mid-on's hands;Moeen Ali c Bailey b Starc 10 (20m 13b 2x4 0x6) SR: 76.92;
4.3;1;Starc to Bell, 1 run waits on the shortish ball on off stump and chops it to deep third man;
4.2;?;Starc to Bell, no run full on middle, Bell keeps it out;
4.1;?;Starc to Bell, no run goes short and angles the ball across the right-hander at 141 kph, Bell tries to reach for it but it's too high;
3.6;4;Hazlewood to Ali, FOUR runs that, though, did not merit the treatment it got. Climbs all over the width on offer and slaps the good length ball through the covers. No more slow batting from England;
3.5;4;Hazlewood to Ali, FOUR runs hammered! This was overpitched from Hazlewood and has enough width for Moeen to lift the ball handsomely over cover;
3.4;?;Hazlewood to Ali, no run full on middle, Moeen pushes to mid-on;
3.3;1;Hazlewood to Bell, 1 run back of a length and outside off, tapped towards third man;
3.3;1w;Hazlewood to Bell, 1 wide good length ball slides down the leg side and it wanders away to the keeper;
3.2;4;Hazlewood to Bell, FOUR runs sublime stroke! It was a decent ball from Hazlewood, keeping it up to search for swing. Can't find it and he pulls out a cover drive from the top draw;
3.1;?;Hazlewood to Bell, no run fullish and on the pads, Bell clips it smartly to midwicket;
2.6;?;Starc to Ali, no run forces Moeen to pull his top hand off the bat at the jarring of the shortish ball hitting defensive bat on off stump;
2.5;1;Starc to Bell, 1 run shortish on off stump, Bell is on the back foot, stays beside it and guides it to deep third man;
2.4;?;Starc to Bell, no run good length ball outside off, Bell lets it go through;
2.3;4;Starc to Bell, FOUR runs good length ball on off stump, Bell opens the face and runs it past the second slip fielder and it skips away to the third man boundary.;
2.2;?;Starc to Bell, no run refuses any room and Bell attempts to flick the back of a length ball, but it's too quick for him;
2.1;?;Starc to Bell, no run back of a length on off stump, defended;
1.6;2;Hazlewood to Ali, 2 runs gets forward and slices a fuller delivery behind point and rushes for a couple;
1.5;?;Hazlewood to Ali, no run flays outside off stump and he's beaten. Fuller length seeks the edge, gets the stroke he wanted to see from the batsman. More so the stroke that Moeen is forced to play because of the target. No nick;
1.5;1w;Hazlewood to Ali, 1 wide full and wide, Moeen appears to be tempted but then realises he can get away with an extra if he doesn't bother with it;
1.4;1;Hazlewood to Bell, 1 run goes short and Bell is able to swivel on the back foot and pull to long leg;
1.3;?;Hazlewood to Bell, no run he's careful about the cut away for Hazlewood and plays at the full delivery on middle with a straight bat;
1.2;?;Hazlewood to Bell, no run back of a good length ball on off stump, defended;
1.2;1w;Hazlewood to Bell, 1 wide full and wide outside off, Bell chases after it but it is way too wide. Nearly thuds into first slip's face, if not for Haddin's right glove;
1.1;?;Hazlewood to Bell, no run good length ball with a hint of shape away, Bell is wary of it and leaves;
0.6;?;Starc to Ali, no run looks to force a back of a length ball outside off through mid-off perhaps, but is beaten by some seam away. And it was lifting as well. Haddin has to leap to take it and belts out an appeal, no luck though;
0.5;?;Starc to Ali, no run fullish on middle and leg, he tries to whip it through midwicket but doesn't quite connect;
0.4;?;Starc to Ali, no run lovely stroke, but Warner doesn't let it get the runs it deserves. Slice to a shortish delivery outside off finds point;
0.3;?;Starc to Ali, no run shortish and pushing him back in his crease on middle, Moeen defends;
0.2;?;Starc to Ali, no run resorts to a more staple length with the new ball and has Moeen pushing away from his body. Doesn't bother with his feet too much, which happens so early in the innings, and the awayswinger is too good;
0.1;?;Starc to Ali, no run starts with a short one outside off that is called one for the over. Moeen drops his wrists and lets it sail past;

Rahul Dravid, Graeme Smith, Martin Crowe and other stars pick out what they are most looking forward to at the World Cup. How bout you? For starters, it might be an explosive opening stand from Ian Bell and Moeen Ali as they walk back onto the MCG with fireworks on the background - and the smoke has engulfed the playing field! Moeen's going up to have a chat with the umpire about it now, perhaps. Mitchell Starc might have to wait a bit to run in for his first ball in a World Cup. Two slips waiting. Deep breath, and away we go!
 Innings Start
Australia
England
2nd Match, Pool A (D/N), Melbourne, Feb 14 2015, ICC Cricket World Cup
342/9
231
Player of the match is Aaron Finch, AUS
Australia won by 111 runs
