Data
7.42pm: The definitive innings of two halves, but the Kane Train has got NZ to a score - the highest total in a men's T20WC final, in fact. From 57 for 1 after 10, they piled on 115 during the second half. Kane Williamson's 85 from 48 was a masterclass, but needed a slice of luck, having been dropped on 21. Will Australia live to rue that moment in the match? We'll see soon enough. The magic number batting first here was said to be 180, so NZ are just short of that - but this is a decent tally in a final. Sid will be here to rev up Australia's chase in a mo
Here's Glenn Phillips: "Bit slow, if you put it into the wicket with spin on it it gets hold, but the way Noss [Williamson] played was unbelievable. It was about going about every over as we thought necessary, Zampa bowled some good overs, but the way Noss took Starc down was unbelievable and turned the match for us a little bit. [Enough?] In finals cricket you never know, but we'll stick to our plans and keep it simple."
19.6;2;Starc to Neesham, 2 runs full outside off at 143kph/89mph, Neesham bashes it down the ground towards long-off... Seifert is quick, Starc has to try to relay to the keeper's end but they'll get two;
19.5;1;Starc to Seifert, 1 run pitched up and whipped through the leg side for one more;
19.5;2w;Starc to Neesham, 2 wide hurled down the leg side, just misses the pads as Neesham swings across the line. This time Seifert scampers down as Wade throws at the striker's stumps from a horizontal position;
19.4;?;Starc to Neesham, no run pitched up wide of the stumps, 140kph/87mph in the slot... but Neesham sets himself and carves out a big slice of fresh air. He thinks that should have gone the journey;
19.3;1;Starc to Seifert, 1 run flung full and sliced down to third;
19.2;?;Starc to Seifert, no run fires this down wide of off at 142kph/88mph, swing and a miss, there's a fumble from Wade but Neesham declines the opportunity;
19.1;4;Starc to Seifert, FOUR runs misses the yorker, skimmed off the pads, Seifert sits back and breaks the wrists for a boundary through backward square;
18.6;2;Cummins to Neesham, 2 runs dragged leg side, they'll look to come back for two... has Neesham made his ground? Wade was confident, but the bat was just grounded over the line! Neesh survives, and it's another precious run to the total;
18.6;1w;Cummins to Neesham, 1 wide cutter into the pitch again but this loops away wide of the left-hander;
18.5;1;Cummins to Seifert, 1 run in the pitch outside off, Seifert swings hard, cuts for one;
18.4;1;Cummins to Neesham, 1 run dug in, even slower and he has to wait for it, so long that he ends up swatting it aerially into the vacant midwicket area for one;
18.3;6;Cummins to Neesham, SIX runs Neesh-slammed! Pounded over the sight screen! Waits for the slower ball to sit up and heaves his forearms through a baseball smash down the ground;
18.2;1;Cummins to Seifert, 1 run back of a length with pace off, Seifert slaps it through point;
18.1;1;Cummins to Neesham, 1 run pitched up from over the wicket, driven through the covers for one;
15.6;4;Starc to Williamson, FOUR runs touch this time, pace off from Starc, but Williamson unfurls the trademark back-foot glide to third! Placed between two men on the edge of the circle... that's his fifth boundary of the over! Starc has given up 22!;
15.5;4;Starc to Williamson, FOUR runs hammered! Pitched full at 144kph/90mph and Williamson slams it up and over point, opens the face at the last moment, and gets it well behind the sweeper;
15.4;?;Starc to Williamson, no run goes round the wicket, flung full and wide and Williamson hasn't spotted this coming, can't get near it backing away;
15.3;6;Starc to Williamson, SIX runs cutter on the pads, skelped all the way over deep backward square leg! Williamson is causing a conflagration in the Ring of Fire, just strolls across his stumps, picks up Starc and deposits him into the stands;
15.2;4;Starc to Williamson, FOUR runs spiralling leading edge, one bounce to the rope! Williamson rides his luck again, knows third isn't back and slices it up and over for four more!;
15.1;4;Starc to Williamson, FOUR runs slashes an outside edge wide of the keeper! Pitched up in the channel from over the wicket, goes hard and it squirts fine of short third for a boundary;
14.6;?;Zampa to Phillips, no run pushed through on the stumps with plenty of overspin, patted down from the crease;
14.5;4;Zampa to Phillips, FOUR runs chipped over cover, picks his spot! Looped up and he gets forward, keeps the head still, and lofts it towards the boundary;
14.4;1;Zampa to Williamson, 1 run floated on on the stumps and nurdled towards midwicket;
14.3;1;Zampa to Phillips, 1 run tossed up on off, shuffles across and tucks into the leg side;
14.2;?;Zampa to Phillips, no run flighted legbreak and he pokes at this tentatively... Wade and Zampa go up but Phillips and Marais Erasmus are both unmoved. No review from Finch, UltraEdge later confirms any sound was bat hitting pad;
14.1;6;Zampa to Phillips, SIX runs Phillips screwdriver! Drilled down the ground! He's the sixiest hitter in this NZ line-up and Phillips has planted his flag, lining up Zampa for a straight thwack;
17.6;1;Hazlewood to Neesham, 1 run back of a length on the body and Neesham tucks it behinds square for one;
17.5;W;Hazlewood to Williamson, OUT comes down, tries to hit him on to the bleachers - but finds long-off! There'll be no hundred for Williamson, but it's still the joint-highest score in a T20 World Cup final. Another variation from Hazlewood, legcutter out the side of the hand, and for once Williamson's timing failed him;Kane Williamson c Smith b Hazlewood 85 (69m 48b 10x4 3x6) SR: 177.08;
17.4;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run length in the channel, 123kph/77mh and he swings and misses this time;
17.3;4;Hazlewood to Williamson, FOUR runs pace off, but flipped over short fine leg! Williamson is performing miracles in the desert for NZ. Ambles across and scoops it for four;
17.2;W;Hazlewood to Phillips, OUT heaved leg side... but picks out deep midwicket! Hazlewood keeps a lid on it with a knuckle ball on a length, Phillips is unable to manufacture the power and Maxwell pouches it safely running around;Glenn Phillips c Maxwell b Hazlewood 18 (32m 17b 1x4 1x6) SR: 105.88;
17.1;?;Hazlewood to Phillips, no run wow, that would have been something... length outside off and Phillips attempts to reverse-swipe it over third. Doesn't connect;
16.6;2;Cummins to Williamson, 2 runs pace off to finish and Williamson manages to squeeze this into a gap behind square on the leg side;
16.5;1;Cummins to Phillips, 1 run short ball, another cutter and Phillips struggles for timing on the pull;
16.4;1;Cummins to Williamson, 1 run well bowled by Cummins, pace off wide of the stumps and Williamson can only drag it for one;
16.3;1;Cummins to Phillips, 1 run tucked through backward square leg;
16.2;1;Cummins to Williamson, 1 run dug in and Williamson mistimes a swat back down the ground, Cummins gets a hand on it but they scamper one - can even think about two, as the bowler gives chase, but elect not to;
16.1;1;Cummins to Phillips, 1 run short into the pitch, Phillips swings it away through midwicket;
16.1;1w;Cummins to Phillips, 1 wide pace off, wide of the stumps... too wide;
13.6;2;Cummins to Williamson, 2 runs mistimed over cover, a back-foot punch to another pace-off delivery, Maxwell goes scampering across from mid-off but won't get there;
13.5;1lb;Cummins to Phillips, 1 leg bye short ball, pace off again and Phillips it nowhere near it as he throws the bat at a pull, takes a blow on the shoulder and Williamson calls him through;
13.4;1;Cummins to Williamson, 1 run back of a length, 139kph and Williamson is up on his toes to punch through point;
13.3;1;Cummins to Phillips, 1 run bit of width, another cutter from Cummins and Phillips ticks over with a glide behind square;
13.2;?;Cummins to Phillips, no run pace off this time, tapped towards point;
13.1;?;Cummins to Phillips, no run over the wicket, 142kph/88mph on off stump, prodded to mid-off;
12.6;1;Maxwell to Phillips, 1 run darted on off from round the wicket and he chops through backward point;
12.5;1b;Maxwell to Williamson, 1 bye full toss, seems to dip late and Williamson and Wade both miss it;
12.4;6;Maxwell to Williamson, SIX runs slog-swept serenely into the stands! Williamson hits the gas and raises a 32-ball fifty, the captain stepping up. NZ doing a decent job of dismantling Australia's "fifth" bowler here;
12.3;6;Maxwell to Williamson, SIX runs pongo from Kane! Bottom hand off the bat again, but he's nailed over deep midwicket... not a typical Williamson shot, but he gets it well over the rope for an 80m six;
12.2;1;Maxwell to Phillips, 1 run floated up straight, worked through midwickert;
12.1;1lb;Maxwell to Williamson, 1 leg bye short of a length and Williamson pulls and misses, hit on the back thigh... Maxwell was very interested in lbw, and Finch thinks about it all the way until the timer runs down. Think it probably pitched outside leg;
11.6;1;Zampa to Williamson, 1 run teasing, 92kph/57mph outside off, reaches for it and opens the face on a single;
11.5;2;Zampa to Williamson, 2 runs dragged down slightly and Williamson pulls into a gap on the leg side;
11.4;1;Zampa to Phillips, 1 run pushed through, possibly the googly and Phillips works it behind square on the leg side;
11.3;1;Zampa to Williamson, 1 run flighted, Williamson is forward and whips it on the full through midwicket;
11.2;?;Zampa to Williamson, no run tossed up on off and tapped away;
11.1;W;Zampa to Guptill, OUT slogged down the throat of deep midwicket! Stoinis steadies himself under the catch, and it's Guptill who winces now. Lobbed up straight and he went for the big hit but never quite got hold of his slog-sweep. Guptill was the man to take Zampa down, but he's taken himself out instead;Martin Guptill c Stoinis b Zampa 28 (53m 35b 3x4 0x6) SR: 80;
10.6;2;Starc to Williamson, 2 runs full and wide, punched square and it takes a flying, sliding effort from Marcus Stoinis on the rope to prevent a fourth consecutive boundary. Is that lift-off for NZ, 19 off the over?;
10.6;5nb;Starc to Williamson, (no ball) FOUR runs high full toss, 147kph and somehow Williamson has hoicked it for four! It'd a no-ball and a free hit, as well as the boundary, which he managed to swing away between long-on and deep midwicket;
10.5;4;Starc to Williamson, FOUR runs crunched down the ground, Williamson nails this coming forward and rifles four past the man back at long-off;
10.4;4;Starc to Williamson, FOUR runs dropped, and it bounces for four! Williamson shovels a full toss towards fine leg, one hand off the bat, and Hazlewood seems to have it covered... only for the ball burst through the hands and then pop over his shoulder and bobble over the rope!;
10.3;2;Starc to Williamson, 2 runs fired in full, doesn't quite nail the yorker and Williamson chips it up over cover wide of long-off for a couple;
10.2;1;Starc to Guptill, 1 run pitched up and driven coming forward, just a single extra cover;
10.1;1;Starc to Williamson, 1 run round the wicket, 141kph/87mph on the stumps and clipped through mid-on;
9.6;1;Zampa to Williamson, 1 run down the wicket, ends up yorking himself up, gets a single to long-off;
9.5;1;Zampa to Guptill, 1 run on a length, slight turn, punched to deep cover;
9.4;1;Zampa to Williamson, 1 run fuller, outside off, driven with an open face to deep cover;
9.3;1;Zampa to Guptill, 1 run short of a length, on off, punched to long-off for one;
9.2;1;Zampa to Williamson, 1 run goes back to work this legbreak with soft hands into the leg side, but can't take on the second;
9.1;1;Zampa to Guptill, 1 run skiddy shortish ball, pulled for a single;
8.6;?;Marsh to Williamson, no run he is down the wicket again, but Marsh does him in with a slower bouncer that hits him in the grille;
8.5;4;Marsh to Williamson, FOUR runs muscled it. A filthy little short ball hoping it goes to deep midwicket for a single, but Williamson has throw in all his power behind it and placed it straight of deep midwicket;
8.4;4;Marsh to Williamson, FOUR runs finally a boundary. Williamson has had to manufacture it. Jumps out of the crease, and even though the ball is short, he manages to drive it over extra cover for four. First boundary in 33 balls;
8.3;1;Marsh to Guptill, 1 run gets the length to pull, but gets just the single to deep midwicket;
8.2;1;Marsh to Williamson, 1 run short of a length, slow off the surface, punched down to long-off for one;
8.1;1;Marsh to Guptill, 1 run on a length, outside off, driven on the up, single to long-off;
7.6;?;Zampa to Williamson, no run half-volley, but driven right back to Zampa. Twenty-nine balls without a boundary now;
7.5;1;Zampa to Guptill, 1 run slightly slower, slightly fuller, turns a little, punched to deep cover;
7.4;?;Zampa to Guptill, no run flatter, quicker, shorter, but punched straight to short cover again;
7.3;?;Zampa to Guptill, no run on a length, can't drive, can't punch. Pushed to cover. Perfect length;
7.2;1;Zampa to Williamson, 1 run short of a length, Williamson goes back to cut it for one;
7.1;1;Zampa to Guptill, 1 run full, on off, driven to long-off for one;
6.6;1;Maxwell to Guptill, 1 run fuller, wicket to wicket, driven to long-on for one;
6.5;1;Maxwell to Williamson, 1 run presses forward, sees flat trajectory, goes back, punches this to long-on;
6.4;1;Maxwell to Guptill, 1 run slight width, driven with an open face, gets a single to deep cover;
6.3;?;Maxwell to Guptill, no run on a length, instead of turning it goes with the angle, defended back to him;
6.2;1;Maxwell to Williamson, 1 run on a length, outside off, pushed to long-on for one;
6.1;1;Maxwell to Guptill, 1 run full, on the toes, single to long-on;
5.6;2;Hazlewood to Williamson, 2 runs Williamson takes a risk, pulling from down to up even though this is not really a half-tracker. Doesn't time it, but it lands wide of deep square leg. breaks the maiden;
5.5;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run tries to make room but Hazlewood stays around off and just short of a length. It is not looking easy to time the ball the way it is coming off the surface;
5.4;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run on a length, top of off, Williamson defends to cover. Williamson 1 off 6 inside the Powerplay;
5.3;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run gets some width but because of the slow pace off the pitch, struggles to place it. Punches it straight to mid-off, who is slightly wide;
5.2;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run short of a length, wicket to wicket, slow off the surface and extra bounce. Williamson plays it back and looks at the surface;
5.1;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run on a length, holds its line a touch, defended to cover;
4.6;?;Cummins to Guptill, no run short of a length, not much room, Guptill pushes at it, gets an edge to point;
4.5;1;Cummins to Williamson, 1 run stands up a little again, Williamson on his toes to work this to square leg for one. Staying short of a length;
4.4;1;Cummins to Guptill, 1 run slower ball, short of a length, a touch down leg, helped away for a single;
4.3;?;Cummins to Guptill, no run short of a length, slightly slow off the surface, defended to leg. It is standing up a little bit if you bash that hard length;
4.2;?;Cummins to Guptill, no run again hitting the higher part of the bat off just short of a length. No single even;
4.1;?;Cummins to Guptill, no run short of a length, slight extra bounce, Guptill's reaction suggests it might have stopped a touch. Played to cover;
3.6;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run punched off the back foot, but can't get it past point;
3.5;W;Hazlewood to Mitchell, OUT slower ball, and it has still managed to carry to the keeper. Looks like a legcutter, could even be a knuckle ball, but it has moved just enough off the straight to take the edge from a similar punch from Mitchell. Wade dives in front to take it clean. It is a legcutter, replays confirm;Daryl Mitchell c ?Wade b Hazlewood 11 (18m 8b 0x4 1x6) SR: 137.5;
3.4;?;Hazlewood to Mitchell, no run another good-looking stroke with a crunchy sound, but he has punched this straight to extra cover again;
3.3;?;Hazlewood to Mitchell, no run driven on the up, times it nicely, but hits it straight to extra cover;
3.2;1;Hazlewood to Guptill, 1 run into the pads, worked away to deep square leg for one;
3.1;4;Hazlewood to Guptill, FOUR runs short of a length, not much room, but Guptill has managed to punch this between point and cover-point. Excellent timing and placement;
2.6;1lb;Maxwell to Guptill, 1 leg bye fired into the pads for a leg-bye. He has closed out well after that early six;
2.5;1;Maxwell to Mitchell, 1 run no room, angling in, another single to leg;
2.4;1;Maxwell to Guptill, 1 run worked into the leg side for one;
2.3;?;Maxwell to Guptill, no run is that dropped?. Some turn from just short of a length, and yes Maxwell has got a bottom edge, which Wade can't collect. I wouldn't call it a drop because this is low and a healthy deflection;
2.2;1;Maxwell to Mitchell, 1 run fired into the pads, worked away around the corner for a single;
2.1;6;Maxwell to Mitchell, SIX runs Mitchell shows Pakistan what you need to do to the fifth bowler. Take him down. Lofts the first ball back over his head for six;
1.6;?;Hazlewood to Guptill, no run back to aiming for top of off. Punched to short cover again;
1.5;4;Hazlewood to Guptill, FOUR runs shorter this time with the fine leg really square. The line is on the leg stump but the height is not high enough, and he plays the swivel-pull fine of that fine leg;
1.4;?;Hazlewood to Guptill, no run just the slight width, Guptill manages to punch it with an open face, but can't beat the diving short cover;
1.3;?;Hazlewood to Guptill, no run tucked away off the hip but straight to midwicket. Hazlewood is bowling the no-swing line. Taking Guptill's arms away from him by cramping him up;
1.2;?;Hazlewood to Guptill, no run again no room. Slight angle back in, headed for top of off. Punched to mid-off;
1.1;?;Hazlewood to Guptill, no run just short of a length, no room, angling in, pushed to leg;
0.6;1;Starc to Guptill, 1 run on a length, angling away, runs it down to third man for one;
0.5;3;Starc to Mitchell, 3 runs on a length, on the pads, flicked away to deep square leg. Looks like two but Hazlewood backhand-flicks it while diving, but there is no one there to relay it. They cash in, and take the third;
0.4;?;Starc to Mitchell, no run full and straight, punched down the ground, but straight to mid-on;
0.3;1;Starc to Guptill, 1 run fuller, but still gives him width, driven squarer this time, but third man keeps them down to one;
0.2;4;Starc to Guptill, FOUR runs smack. Short of a length. Width. No Swing. Guptill stands tall and spanks it in front of point. Off the front foot;
0.1;?;Starc to Guptill, no run full, fast, outside off. No swing. Left alone;

5.58pm National anthems done. Daryl Mutchell and Martin Guptill out to open. Mitchell Starc has the new ball. Both sides take the knee. Aaron Finch kneels next to Matthew Wade, which means we will have a slip. Here we go
5.50pm Thanks Alan. Forget the riddles, I think I hate World Cup finals. That said, how do New Zealand post a winning score here? Firstly they will hope this is not a great batting surface and 150-160 is actually enough. Irrespective of that, they want a big Powerplay, and if they haven't lost more than one wicket, someone needs to attack Adam Zampa. Don't make the mistake Pakistan: don't let Australia backload with six overs of Starc and Cummins in the back 10. Force them to bowl early. Take on the fifth bowler. Ten minutes to the start.
5.40pm: Win the toss, win the game? Is it nailed on green-and-gold? Runs on the board in a final and, well, funny things can happen - as NZ know from painful experience at Lord's a couple of years ago. Australian minds will cast back to the MCG and 2015, when Mitchell Starc set the tone for a dominant performance by knocking over Brendon McCullum in the first over. Ahead of us tonight, there are both known and unknown unknowns. Time for me to hand over to Sid, a man born to unpick such riddles... Have fun!
5.32pm: Australia win the toss and bowl, Finch reckons the pitch is "a bit drier than the one from the other night but hopefully it skids on". Australia are unchanged, unsurprisingly. "We've put ourselves in a good position to do that," Finch says of a possible first T20 title, although he plays down any psychological advantage they might have over NZ. Kane Williamson admits he would have bowled first, too, though he's as phlegmatic as ever. "Who knows about the dew but important we focus on that task at hand, with the bat first and trying to get a competitive total." Seifert coming in for Conway is the only (enforced) alteration for NZ.
Australia: 1 David Warner, 2 Aaron Finch (capt), 3 Mitchell Marsh, 4 Steven Smith, 5 Glenn Maxwell, 6 Marcus Stoinis, 7 Matthew Wade (wk), 8 Pat Cummins, 9 Mitchell Starc, 10 Adam Zampa, 11 Josh Hazlewood
New Zealand: 1 Martin Guptill, 2 Daryll Mitchell, 3 Kane Williamson (capt), 4 Tim Seifert (wk), 5 Glenn Phillips, 6 James Neesham, 7 Mitchell Santner, 8 Tim Southee, 9 Adam Milne, 10 Trent Boult, 11 Ish Sodhi
5.29pm: Here's Deiva again, with minutes to go until the all-important coin flip: "Kyle Jamieson is now feeding balls to Tim Seifert with a tennis racquet. The two players were also part of NZ's Under-19 squad that had travelled to the UAE for the 2014 World Cup. At the other end, Mitch Marsh is running in and hitting the pitch. NZ couldn't quite line up Zampa and Agar during their warm-up fixture at the Tolerance Oval in the lead-up to the main tournament. So, they went after Marsh, smashing him for 53 in his four overs. NZ might be leaning towards a similar plan if Zampa extends his rich form this evening."
"The most important coin toss in cricket history?" Well, Dan Weston, at least it's not life and death
In the USA, watch the final live on ESPN+ in English and in Hindi.
5.25pm: New Zealand's record against Australia in 50-over World Cups and the Champions Trophy reads: P17 W3 L12. But in T20 World Cups, it's P1 W1. That's the stat they'll be taking notice tonight, according to Neesham. His personal contribution to the semi-final win was a helluva story - but he's only interested in a happy ending here in Dubai. NZ have had to think on their feet for this tournament, too - and we'll see how the loss of Conway affects them here. But Daryl Mitchell moving to opener has been an inspired move. Alex Malcolm wrote about his formative years in Western Australia, alongside the likes of Langer and Marcus Stoinis, in the build-up.
"While I understand media schedules, ticket holder's travel plans, etc. I think there might have been a thought about not starting this match at 01:00am Sydney time and 03:00am in Auckland." It's the final no one expected, Duncan. And for the loser, one that will be easy to forget...
Obi_Wan_Kenobi: "If Jamieson plays today and wins Man of the Match award, he will be the third player after Shane Watson and Marlon Samuels to win two MoM awards in major ICC tournament finals!" Not sure he's that close to the XI, but good statting nevertheless
5.15pm: Australia are kicking a ball footy around during their warm-ups, all looks pretty relaxed for now. As Sid wrote in his preview, they arrived here with few expectations following thrashings by West Indies and Bangladesh earlier in the here; they had a set formula of playing five frontline bowlers, but have ditched it along the way in favour of an allrounder-heavy approach. If they crack it tonight for their first T20 World Cup, then Justin Langer might just be cut some slack by the Aussie press (that is until the day one of the Ashes).
"Hey @alan yes we all know that toss has given huge advantage to the batting side but Australia is the side who believes in batting first on big days like this," says Sanket. "Runs on the board always helps in these situations and with the quality of Hazelwood Cummins strac and Zampa you should be more than confident to defend anything in the range of 165-180." That is traditionally the Aussie way (although Aaron Finch only had one thought in his head after winning the toss in the semi). But whoever's batting first, 180-plus is the goal
5.05pm: There's a golden glow around the arena, as the TV build-up begins. Here's Matt R on what we can expect from the crowd: "There's been an earthquake in southern Iran this afternoon, with reports of tremors felt in Dubai and Sharjah, but you wouldn't know anything about it at the ground (unless you were sat in a press box filled with Twitter addicts journalists). The stands are still pretty empty but starting to fill up: the vast majority of tickets have been sold but it remains to be seen whether the many Indian and Pakistani fans based in the UAE will turn up for a neutral final."
5pm: Age-old rivalries, recent form, tactics and match-ups... All of that could have a bearing tonight, but, tbh, both captains just want to win the toss and chase, amiright? Of the 12 games at Dubai in this tournament, 11 have been won by the chasing side; if you're just taking night games into account, it's nine from nine. That said, they won't be handing over the trophy at the toss, so let's see where else the game could be won, with Gaurav Sundararaman's superlative stats breakdown (hint, if you do lose the toss, there's a magic number you need to score).
Here's Mustafa Moudi, getting a a score on the board early: "Fun Fact: Australia won the World Cup in 2003, then 6 years later they won the Champions Trophy 2009, then 6 years later they won the World Cup 2015 and now 6 years later they are again in T20 Finals. Interestingly, except for the 2003 Finals, all other Finals were against New Zealand !!"
"Nearly 1:45AM down here in Auckland," murmurs a sleepy Dhananjay Manon, "still a long wait till this game gets underway." Get some coffee in you (maybe a flat white?), Dhananjay - I promise* it'll be worth it
Binu: "I'm sure before the world cup started no one would have imagined NZ and Aus would make the finals. Just goes on to show the unpredictability of this format. Just praying that toss doesn't become a decisive factor tonight and we can witness a high-quality nail-biter."
"Ronchi derby?!?!? Surely the Clarrie Grimmett derby!" Fair shout, KK. Although I don't think Clarrie played much T20
*Promises are made to be broken
4.45pm: What does your head say? What does your heart? And what about the data...? New Zealand's only loss came against Pakistan, whose only defeat came in the semi to Australia, who have only been beaten at this tournament by England... who NZ saw off with a moment of Jimmy Neesham-fuelled carthisis a few nights ago. Australia rocked up in the UAE with a plan scribbled on the hotel notepaper during quarantine, having suffered heavy defeats in their two previous T20I series: but, as Matt Roller writes, quality has shone through and they will be in the mood to finish their bull run on a high. New Zealand have taken a far more methodical approach, as Deivayaran Muthu sets out, but had to pull their semi out of the fire with some individual brilliance. Whether they can keep cool and hold off big brother - a team against who they have a woeful record in ICC competitions - will go a long way to informing how this match goes
Speaking of Deiva, here he is with the news on the ground (New Zealand, of course, have had to change a winning side for this game, after Devon Conway's bat-punch fail): "Big, big day for Tim Seifert as he walks out with his gloves and bat. He's among the first group of New Zealand players to head out for the warm-ups. Conway, with his right hand wrapped up in a cast, was feeding Seifert balls during training on Friday, and Seifert also had a fairly long keeping stint on the eve of the final. Seifert has been in Conway's shoes before. He missed the ODI World Cup in 2019 after suffering a finger fracture. He needed two surgeries and a bone graft out of his wrist to fix his little finger back then."
4.30pm: Hello, hello. Welcome to the Flat White Final - or, perhaps, the Ronchi Derby - as New Zealand and Australia bring some Trans-Tasman beef to Dubai's Ring of Fire. It's getting late down under, but hopefully plenty are still up for the cup and ready to bring some antipodean atmosphere to the ball-by-ball. These teams have been the journey at this tournament, and both have their flaws - but over the course of the next few hours, one of them will put together a World Cup-winning game (and yes, there are Super Overs). NZ are in their fourth ICC final since 2015, and despite some heartache they were victorious in the most recent of those; Australia haven't got to the final hurdle since lifting the 50-over WC with victory over NZ six years ago; but they have unmistakable pedigree in knockout competition - just ask Pakistan - and have never lost to their neighbours with glory on the line. But today is a new day, and at the end of it we'll have a brand new T20 World Champion. We're almost set for the Ding-Dong in Dubai, it should be a doozy. I'm Alan Gardner, with a fresh Lamington by my side, and I'll be joined by Sid Monga to call the action. Sid's preview should be your first port of call, and we've plenty more for you to tuck into before we get to toss time in about an hour
 Innings Start
10.08pm: Chocks away! The Ring of Fire is a ring of fireworks, as Australia get their hands on the T20 World Cup for the first time. What an outstanding Ashes appetiser campaign it's been for them, everything clicked at the right time, and they will now go into next year's tournament on home soil as the defending champions. Right, Karthik Krishnaswamy's report is loading, and we'll have plenty more to come on the site. Thanks for your comments, as always, and for sticking with us through the comp - five years without a men's T20 World Cup, but it's been worth the wait. From Sid, Chandan and myself, as well as the guys at the ground and the rest of the team, it's cheerio for now. Time for an ice bath. Byeeeeeeeeee!
9.50pm: Time for the presentations, after some almighty faffing. Player of the Match is Mitchell Marsh: "I don't really have words, what an amazing six weeks with this group. Love them to death. World champs. [No3] The coaching staff came up to me in the West Indies and said you're going to bat three for this tournament, and I jumped at it. Have the staff to thank for backing me and getting me up the top there. [Six first ball] Not a whole lot of thinking that goes into it. Wanted to have a presence, be in the contest, go out there and play my game. It's unbelievable."
Player of the Tournament is David Warner, a supreme turnaround for him after being dropped by his IPL side in the run-up: "I always felt good, for me it was about going back to basics, getting on some hard, synthetic wickets in order to hit volumes of balls. Definitely up there with 2015 [World Cup], losing to England a decade ago really hurt. These are a great bunch of guys, great support staff, and great support around the world, especially back home. Always pumped, wanted to put on a spectacle. There were some nerves around as always in a final but great to see the guys deliver."
New Zealand captain Kane Williamson: "We were trying to get a platform, the surface was holding a fraction. Nice to build some partnerships and get what we thought was a competitive total, only to be chased superbly. They're a fantastic side, had a brilliant campaign and came out and turned it on. [Thought you had enough?] You never really know, at halfway we made every effort to get a good total. We weren't far away. Credit to the way Australia chase it, they didn't give us an inch. Wasn't to be today, but proud of how we've operated. Guys committed to what we tried to do in venues that varied a lot. There was a lot of heart shown, always nice to get to the big dance. But credit to Australia again. Some high hopes coming in, some good cricket played, so we're feeling it a bit. There are only two possible outcomes, shame we couldn't get the job done."
Australia captain Aaron Finch: "This is huge, to be the first Australia team to do it. So proud of how the guys went about the campaign. [Bangladesh game turning point?] Certainly was, backs were against the wall. We had to fight and certainly did that, had some great team and individual performances. [Warner] Can't believe people wrote him off a couple of weeks ago, it was almost like poking the bear. [Zampa] Player of the tournament for mine, controlled the game, got big wickets, super player. Mitch Marsh, what a way to start, put pressure on from the start. Matt Wade came in under an injury cloud and got the job done. He came in in the semi-final alongside Marcus Stoinis and did the business."
9.35pm: Clinical from Australia, they've overcome some indifferent form and a reputation for treating T20 as a second-class format. True, Finch winning six tosses from seven helped the cause, but then the old instincts took over. NZ were up against it after being inserted, but crawling along to 57 for 1 from 10 turned out to be too much of a stumbling block; the wait to finally beat big brother when it matters goes on
Zainulabeddin : "Congratulations Australia for your maiden T20 title. Aaron Finch, the mighty captain. Mitchell Marsh star of the final. David Warner, you beauty, we know we will miss you in our Hyderabad's orange jersey, but lots of love, respect and happiness to you.y.."
Kapila Vishnu: "Someone spoke about AUS winning the major trophies every 6 years from 2003. It has come true tonight."
Deepankar DM: "Just pray that this doesn't open the floodgates like it did for the 50-over WC's and Champions Trophies!!! Signs are ominous though with the next world T20 in a year IN Australia!!"
"Recipe for success in 2021: Experience and Yellow Jersey. CSK then, Australia today." Plus Josh Hazlewood in both cases, Vijit Mahaur
AussieBren: "B4 someone goes 'YoU wIN the TosS yoU wIn tHe GaMe', aint no dew tonight lads, the Kiwis just got slightly outplayed. Both teams deserved to win after the tournament they have had, just Australia had that bit extra tonight. Besides you have a chance next year :D"
9.25pm: Straya take the spoils, Dubai of the tiger from Aaron Finch's men. No one looks more delighted than Mitch Marsh, who greets his team-mates with something approaching wide-eyed disbelief after a classy innings of 77 from 50 set them up in the chase. New Zealand runners-up again. Character is destiny? Maybe the toss, too. They gave it a crack, Kane Williamson's puckish 85 setting up a score that might have been defendable on another night. But David Warner and Marsh, the Bull and the Bison, locked horns and steadily wore down the opposition
"It's huge", says Matt Wade, "felt like a lot of people wrote us off but we spoke about being the first team to do this for Australia and it feels really special."
"We love each other, I'm so proud of this team," adds Marcus Stoinis. "You won't find bigger supporters of Mitch Marsh than us and his family."
Mitchell Starc has praise for Adam Zampa: "He's been fantastic, our best bowler for the last couple of years. It's made it really easy for us quickies to work around him, we're pretty confident in what we do and just run off the back of Zamps. It makes the bowling group, we know our roles and can do our job a lot clearer"
Josh Hazlewood on Williamson's 85, the joint-highest individual score in a men's T20WC final: "He's a superb player, another classical Kane innings, runs all around the ground and hurts you when you bowl poorly."
Steven Smith adds that Warner "came out with exceptional intent today. Him and Mitchell Marsh, that partnership really set us up for the game, They've had great tournaments."
18.5;4;Southee to Maxwell, FOUR runs reverse-swiped past short third, that'll do it for Australia's first T20 World Cup! Already the men in yellow are flooding on to the pitch from the dugout. Green'n'gold FTW, baby!;
18.4;1;Southee to Marsh, 1 run pace off, gives it some welly for one on the bounce to long-off;
18.3;1;Southee to Maxwell, 1 run hits a length, Maxwell rocks back and slaps insouciantly through midwicket;
18.2;1;Southee to Marsh, 1 run chopped into the leg side;
18.1;4;Southee to Marsh, FOUR runs clubbed down the ground past Neesham's dive, sitting on the back foot and pounded past long-off. No timing but plenty of rig behind that;
17.6;1;Milne to Marsh, 1 run fired full in the channel and punched to long-off. NZ look like they're making their peace with things already;
17.5;1;Milne to Maxwell, 1 run low full toss, swiped through backward square leg;
17.4;?;Milne to Maxwell, no run slapped in front of mid-off... another one falls just short. Southee does brilliantly to stop it on the bounce;
17.3;?;Milne to Maxwell, no run short and wide of the stumps, slower delivery and Maxwell swings hard but misses;
17.2;1;Milne to Marsh, 1 run pitched up at 144kph/89mph and drilled to long-off;
17.1;?;Milne to Marsh, no run slower ball in the channel, Marsh swings and misses;
16.6;1;Boult to Marsh, 1 run dropped! Tough caught-and-bowled chance, chipped straight at him by Marsh, got his hands up but just clanged off the fingertips;
16.5;1;Boult to Maxwell, 1 run length ball on the stumps, pace off and sliced towards short third;
16.5;1w;Boult to Maxwell, 1 wide down the leg side, 118kph/73mph, swings and misses;
16.4;?;Boult to Maxwell, no run short ball, pace off again, Maxwell is foxed and doesn't play a shot;
16.3;1;Boult to Marsh, 1 run fuller outside off and squirted through the covers;
16.2;4;Boult to Marsh, FOUR runs short ball with pace off, thoroughly Mitched through leg! He was almost waiting for that, leaning out to clobber four more between long-on and deep midwicket;
16.1;2;Boult to Marsh, 2 runs over the wicket, full on the stumps and driven down the ground;
15.6;?;Southee to Maxwell, no run shortish outside off and Maxwell miscues a cut towards backward point;
15.5;1lb;Southee to Marsh, 1 leg bye fired into the pads, deflected behind square;
15.4;?;Southee to Marsh, no run length ball heading leg side, 133kph/82mph and Marsh takes it on the pads before the ball ricochets towards backward point. Came off the back of the bat, I think;
15.3;1;Southee to Maxwell, 1 run another bumper, doesn't get hold of this on the pull;
15.2;6;Southee to Maxwell, SIX runs collared for a soaring six over fine leg! Bowled into the pitch and he's moved across to use the angle, ships it via airmail over the head of the man on the rope;
15.2;1w;Southee to Maxwell, 1 wide length ball down the leg side, Maxwell swings and misses - but it's a wide anyway;
15.1;4;Southee to Maxwell, FOUR runs flicked away off the pads, Southee gets too straight to start with and a scrap of bat is enough;
14.6;1;Milne to Maxwell, 1 run cue-ender in front of point... short of a length at 141kph/88mph and Maxwell hurls the hands, skews it away for one;
14.6;1w;Milne to Maxwell, 1 wide tennis-ball bouncer, 126kph/78mph and spinning up and over the batter, who watches it by and accepts the extra;
14.5;?;Milne to Maxwell, no run back of a length with pace off, looping through beneath the attempted pull;
14.4;4;Milne to Maxwell, FOUR runs dug in and top-edged over the keeper! Cramped him on the pull at 140kph but Maxwell swings like Happy Gilmore and gets it off the shoulder of the bat;
14.3;4;Milne to Maxwell, FOUR runs short and slugged between two outriders, didn't seem to really get hold of it but picks up four between deep backward square and fine leg;
14.2;1;Milne to Marsh, 1 run short and slapped hard through backward square leg, just short of Mitchell! Does brilliantly to stop it on the volley, but NZ were praying it carried;
14.1;?;Milne to Marsh, no run hurtles in and hits the pitch, pace off back of a length, blocked on off stump;
13.6;1;Sodhi to Marsh, 1 run flattish legbreak and Marsh is back to cut a single through point;
13.5;?;Sodhi to Marsh, no run lands this, full outside off, punched for one;
13.5;1w;Sodhi to Marsh, 1 wide Sodhi is under pressure right now, bunging another full one wide into the tramlines;
13.4;?;Sodhi to Marsh, no run fizzes this down outside off, goes back and chops a bottom edge;
13.4;1w;Sodhi to Marsh, 1 wide sprayed wide on the off side again;
13.3;4;Sodhi to Marsh, FOUR runs drops short and this is muscled through midwicket! Bottom hand coming off the bat but properly blapped between the two boundary-riders for four more;
13.2;2;Sodhi to Marsh, 2 runs drags this down and Marsh whirls it away through midwicket, between Phillips and Guptill but between them they track it down;
13.1;6;Sodhi to Marsh, SIX runs clonked powerfully over long-on! Marsh climbs into a tossed-up Sodhi delivery, plants the front foot and mows it into the stands, brings up a fifty of his own. One ball quicker than Williamson earlier tonight;
13.1;1w;Sodhi to Marsh, 1 wide tossed up wide of the stumps... Marsh walks across and lets it go outside the tramlines;
12.6;1;Boult to Marsh, 1 run fullish at 137kph and punched to long-on;
12.5;1;Boult to Maxwell, 1 run back of a length on fourth stump, steered through cover point;
12.4;?;Boult to Maxwell, no run dug in short at 140kph/88mph, mistimed on the pull towards midwicket;
12.3;?;Boult to Maxwell, no run back of a length, angled across from over the wicket, Maxwell flaps and misses;
12.2;W;Boult to Warner, OUT splat! Boult strikes, stumps akimbo! Looks ungainly from Warner, attempting to hammer a crouching pull-cum-sweep through leg... the ball is on a length and just zips through, smashing into the polls and giving NZ a lifeline at the crucial moment;David Warner b Boult 53 (57m 38b 4x4 3x6) SR: 139.47;
12.1;1;Boult to Marsh, 1 run back of a length, punched past extra cover;
11.6;1;Santner to Marsh, 1 run slows his pace, floated up wide of the stumps, pulled down to long-on;
11.5;4;Santner to Marsh, FOUR runs dragged down, Marsha is back in the crease, munched through midwicket! Brutal from the Bison, who's helping to lead the Straya charge tonight;
11.4;1lb;Santner to Warner, 1 leg bye fired into the pads, tucked towards short fine;
11.3;1;Santner to Marsh, 1 run smeared flat into the leg side, Phillips attempts the diving catch... taken on the bounce! Brilliant bit of work, nevertheless, keeps them to one;
11.2;1;Santner to Warner, 1 run over the wicket, flat and slightly quicker, twocked behind square on the leg side;
11.1;1;Santner to Marsh, 1 run lobbed up slow and wide of the stumps, 86kph/53mph, cut for a single past extra cover;
10.6;1;Neesham to Marsh, 1 run pace off, length on off stump, punched through cover point;
10.5;1;Neesham to Warner, 1 run back-of-the-hand slower ball, I think, spins up off the surface to be tucked through midwicket;
10.4;6;Neesham to Warner, SIX runs in the slot and Warner bullocks it high over deep midwicket! Neither nor sort of ball from Neesham and he's swung into the crowd... Warner brings up a 34-ball half-century. He's coming for you, Kane;
10.3;1;Neesham to Marsh, 1 run slower ball, Marsh waits and thumps a pull out to deep square leg;
10.2;?;Neesham to Marsh, no run length on fourth stump, 133kph/82mph and punched into the covers;
10.1;6;Neesham to Marsh, SIX runs short on the hip and swatted all the way over fine leg! Skiddy length but Marsh latches on to it immediately and crumps it dismissively for six;
9.6;1;Santner to Marsh, 1 run slow off the surface even though there is some width on offer. Concedes just the single to deep cover;
9.5;?;Santner to Marsh, no run pushed on the up, but straight to extra cover;
9.4;?;Santner to Marsh, no run lovely bowling. Slows it right down, tosses it high, draws a drive and then beats it with the turn away;
9.3;1;Santner to Warner, 1 run quicker, on a length, Warner looks to drop and run two, but Santner is quick at chasing it, and they settle for one;
9.2;2;Santner to Warner, 2 runs shapes up for the big slog sweep, but the late dip on it makes him keep this down. Warner still gets a couple to deep midwicket;
9.1;1;Santner to Marsh, 1 run short of a length, wide, cut away in front of square for one;
8.6;6;Sodhi to Warner, SIX runs too full this time. Right under his eyes. Warner lofts it right back over his head. Into the sight screen it goes. Australia racing away here;
8.5;4;Sodhi to Warner, FOUR runs Sodhi is looking to bowl into the pitch but goes a touch too short, and Warner again flat-bats a pull, this time through square leg, for four more;
8.4;?;Sodhi to Warner, no run down the wicket, Sodhi does well, shortens the length, slows the pace down, goes down leg, and Warner is lucky to get some body on it and save himself from getting stumped;
8.3;2;Sodhi to Warner, 2 runs reverse-sweeps this full ball for a couple to deep point. Takes the second on the throw as deep cover comes around;
8.2;4;Sodhi to Warner, FOUR runs slider, going across, but a touch short, and Warner has absolutely flat-batted to drag this from wide outside off and hit it straight of long-on;
8.1;1;Sodhi to Marsh, 1 run Marsh goes back to punch this length-ball legbreak to deep cover;
7.6;1;Santner to Marsh, 1 run slower in the air, middle and leg, driven down to long-on for a single;
7.5;?;Santner to Marsh, no run good comeback from Santner. A bit of body and revs into this. Gets it to dip on him, and then turn past his drive;
7.4;1;Santner to Warner, 1 run Warner stays back to work this length ball to deep midwicket for one;
7.3;1;Santner to Marsh, 1 run fired into the pads, worked away for a single to deep square leg;
7.2;6;Santner to Marsh, SIX runs what a swing. Santner bowls a tight line to cramp him up, but Marsh opens up the front leg and plays the big sweep over square leg. Another big six;
7.1;1;Santner to Warner, 1 run Warner skips out of his crease, Santner goes wide, Warner recovers enough to cut this to deep cover;
6.6;1;Sodhi to Warner, 1 run stays on the back foot to punch this legbreak to deep midwicket for one;
6.5;1;Sodhi to Marsh, 1 run full, outside off, driven with an open face, but straight to deep cover;
6.4;1;Sodhi to Warner, 1 run slow in the air, short of a length, punched to long-on for one;
6.3;2;Sodhi to Warner, 2 runs slightly short, pulled wide of long-on for two;
6.2;1;Sodhi to Marsh, 1 run on a length, no turn, Marsh goes back to punch this down to long-on for one;
6.1;1;Sodhi to Warner, 1 run on a length, turning in, Warner pushes this on the walks, takes a single to long-on;
5.6;?;Milne to Marsh, no run on a length, 143ks, not much room, Defended. Good comeback from Milne;
5.5;1;Milne to Warner, 1 run slower ball, short of a length, on leg stump, Warner still manages to get a single past point;
5.4;?;Milne to Warner, no run on pace but proper bouncer, head high, drawing a leave from Warner;
5.3;?;Milne to Warner, no run makes room, but Milne is straight at him, and draws a dot;
5.2;1lb;Milne to Marsh, 1 leg bye tucked to leg for another single;
5.1;1lb;Milne to Warner, 1 leg bye and now Milne is rolling his fingers on it. Beats the pull, goes for a leg-bye;
4.6;1;Southee to Warner, 1 run opens the face for a single;
4.5;6;Southee to Warner, SIX runs oh he is waiting for the slower ball now, and short-arms this over midwicket for a six. Too predictable there;
4.4;1;Southee to Marsh, 1 run tucked away to leg for a single;
4.3;?;Southee to Marsh, no run short of a length, wicket to wicket, defended;
4.2;1;Southee to Warner, 1 run looks to pull, the ball hardly arrives, and he gets a bottom edge for a single;
4.1;1;Southee to Marsh, 1 run short of a length, into the pads, worked away for one;
3.6;?;Milne to Warner, no run short of a length, wicket to wicket, Warner makes room and punches but straight to point;
3.5;?;Milne to Warner, no run short of a length, no room, punched to cover-point;
3.4;1;Milne to Marsh, 1 run driven on the up, but straight to mid-off;
3.3;4;Milne to Marsh, FOUR runs gives him pace again with no movement. He goes back to pull this in front of square. Along the ground this time. Deep square has no chance;
3.2;4;Milne to Marsh, FOUR runs short of a length, outside off, third man wide, and he opens the face to beat the man. Pace on, and Marsh is enjoying it;
3.1;6;Milne to Marsh, SIX runs and he provides pace. Marsh is facing his first ball of the final, but he loves him a length ball on the pads. Plays the pick-up over square leg for a massive six;
2.6;?;Boult to Warner, no run short of a length, no room, punched straight to point;
2.5;?;Boult to Warner, no run short of a length, slowe off the surface, short-armed to mid-on;
2.4;?;Boult to Warner, no run on a length, wicket to wicket, defended back to him;
2.3;W;Boult to Finch, OUT lovely catch by Mitchell. Boult bounces him after the charge last ball, gets a top edge but this is headed more towards deep midwicket than deep square where the fielder is. Mitchell makes all the ground to his left, and takes the catch sliding;Aaron Finch c Mitchell b Boult 5 (12m 7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 71.42;
2.2;4;Boult to Finch, FOUR runs Finch gets away. Charges at Bould, takes this on the half-volley, and it doesn't matter it is a knuckle ball because he has got right to its pitch. Lofts this over mid-off;
2.1;?;Boult to Finch, no run short of a length, wide, sticky off the surface, fails to time the cut;
1.6;1;Southee to Finch, 1 run on a length, pretty straight, runs off the inside edge for a single;
1.5;1;Southee to Warner, 1 run tucked away off the hip for one;
1.4;?;Southee to Warner, no run fuller, straighter, flicked back to Southee;
1.3;4;Southee to Warner, FOUR runs width again. This is not short enough to cut, but Warner creates his length by going deep and whips his wrists through the shot to go over point with the cut;
1.2;4;Southee to Warner, FOUR runs gets length, no swing, and there is width to free his arms. Clears extra cover with ease;
1.1;?;Southee to Warner, no run short of a length, sticks into the surface, pulled uppishly to mid-on;
0.6;?;Boult to Finch, no run huge shout for lbw. Not given. They won't review it. Oh it looks close, though. Finch is down the wicket to this inswinger and is beaten comprehensively. A long way for the ball to go, and perhaps swinging enough to miss leg. It is hitting leg on replays but Finch is more than 3m down the wicket so the not-out call would have stayed on review;
0.5;?;Boult to Finch, no run short, quick, good carry, Finch looks to pull and is beaten. He is lucky he has not managed any touch because this quite wide outside off;
0.4;?;Boult to Finch, no run slight swing again, not much, driven to mid-off;
0.3;1;Boult to Warner, 1 run short of a length, slight width, he runs it down to third man. Slight swing there;
0.2;?;Boult to Warner, no run on a length, angling in, hits the inner half of the bat;
0.1;?;Boult to Warner, no run oh he doesn't even try first ball. Goes into the pitch, outside off, and is cut to point;

7.45am Thanks Alan. Some assault that from Williamson. This is a good score for sure. New Zealand will hope there is no dew tonight. The pitch is slow, and they have an attack for a slow pitch. Starc couldn't swing it. Can Boult?
 Innings Start
New Zealand
Australia
Final (N), Dubai (DSC), Nov 14 2021, ICC Men's T20 World Cup
172/4
173/2
Player of the match is Mitchell Marsh, AUS
Australia won by 8 wickets (with 7 balls remaining)
