Data
Right, George Binoy will return to comms when we resume at 13.40 local time. I will head across to the over-by-over chat when we resume, so keep the comments flowing there.
Things have been rather predictable so far in the World Cup. Think you can predict who will make the quarters and beyond? Play our bracket game and do some crystal gazing.
A complete stop-start effort from NZ. The top-order under-achieved, the bottom half over-achieved, Australia's fast bowlers fired a statement of intent that will leave all the other teams wary. Net effect - Australia need 207 to win, a target that I think won't trouble them, given the lack of teeth in New Zealand's bowling. How they'd have liked to have Shane Bond around.
45.1;W;Johnson to Southee, OUT Ponting is saved a hefty fine for slow over rates as Australia manage to bowl New Zealand out, just five minutes over time. Poor, poor shot from Southee. Looks to launch a straight length ball without getting forward, and just tonks it up in the air. It goes up into the Nagpur sky and when it comes down, Ponting is ready, despite the fact that the midday sun would have blinded him.;Tim Southee c Ponting b Johnson 6 (20m 10b 0x4 0x6) SR: 60;
44.6;W;Lee to Vettori, OUT after seven brilliant wicket-less overs, Lee picks one in his shoddiest over of the day. Vettori has run more at the crease today than between them, and again motors away to well outside off. Lee does well to stick to his guns and keep it outside off, back of a length. Vettori goes for the pull and gets an inside edge, through to Haddin.;Daniel Vettori c ?Haddin b Lee 44 (62m 43b 5x4 0x6) SR: 102.32;
44.5;3;Lee to Southee, 3 runs they are hurting Australia here. Southee, in the manner of all defiant tail-enders, is just staying rooted to the crease and waving at them outside off. This one is back of a length and he gets it to deep cover for three.;
44.4;?;Lee to Southee, no run Southee jumps away, Lee follows him like a guided missile and Southee ends up completely cramped, jumping away in clumsy fashion as it squeezed in towards him;
44.3;2;Lee to Southee, 2 runs more runs, Southee gets a thick edge that nearly runs away for four towards third man, but Tait again does well;
44.2;1;Lee to Vettori, 1 run more improvisation. Vettori again hustles across to off stump and gets one on the pads. He clips it away with ominous timing towards deep backward square leg, and Tait does well to cover it;
44.1;4;Lee to Vettori, FOUR runs slow bouncer, 121 kph and Vettori says Thank You very much! That sat up like a dolly and Vettori slapped it happily through midwicket;
43.6;1;Johnson to Vettori, 1 run again, Vettori trots across to well outside off, Mitch follows him correctly and Vettori can't do much except work it to the leg side for one;
43.6;1w;Johnson to Vettori, 1 wide there's more shuffling here than happens before the dealing of a Poker hand. Vettori skips across to off stump, Mitch has no idea where he is going and lands this outside leg stump. It's a wide, and Vettori feels he missed out on the flick;
43.5;4;Johnson to Vettori, FOUR runs Vettori is playing a really good innings here. Again. Jumps away to leg stump to open up the off side, and Mitch tries to cramp him by landing it on middle and leg, but Vettori had enough room to force an off drive and get it to the right of mid off;
43.4;1lb;Johnson to Southee, 1 leg bye a stolen legbye to change strike. Mitch lands this on the pads, following Southee as he hops away, and they squeeze a single towards backward point;
43.3;?;Johnson to Southee, no run he misses the first ball, back of a length and angling across as he looks to poke to the off side from the crease;
43.2;1;Johnson to Vettori, 1 run just outside off this time, Vettori stays on the crease and chops it behind square for a single.;
43.1;?;Johnson to Vettori, no run back of a length and very straight, Vettori begins with anti-climactic defence down the track;
42.6;?;Smith to Southee, no run Southee looks to cut a short ball, but finds point. Vettori has strike;
42.5;1;Smith to Vettori, 1 run plays down the ground for a single. Good batting from the captain here.;
42.4;4;Smith to Vettori, FOUR runs horror delivery, full toss on leg and took everyone by surprise. Vettori was so shocked, he fell down as he made contact with a powerful pull-sweep. Made good contact though, and picked up four more.;
42.3;4;Smith to Vettori, FOUR runs and Vettori makes contact with the reverse sweep now. Such a good looking shot when it comes off. Smith tosses it up outside off, Vettori reverses the grip and sends it packing through third man;
42.2;?;Smith to Vettori, no run tossed up on off, skidding along, and Vettori tries to play another reverse slap. Misses this time;
42.1;2;Smith to Vettori, 2 runs tossed up outside off, Vettori drives expansively to deep cover for two;
31.6;1lb;Tait to McCullum, 1 leg bye this one is speared into the pads. A touch of reverse, may be? Nathan plays all around it, and it runs away off the pads into the off side for a leg bye;
31.5;?;Tait to McCullum, no run short ball again, Nathan invokes his inner Brendon and looks for the heaved upper cut. He's not quite quick enough with the hands, and misses, though.;
31.4;2;Tait to McCullum, 2 runs finally Nathan gets it away for four. Not. Brett Lee is all over the place with his athleticism today. Short of a length on off stump, and Nathan under-edges a steer that runs very fine towards third man. Lee comes across, dives and prevents the boundary;
31.3;?;Tait to McCullum, no run short of a length this time and very close to off stump, Nathan hangs back in the crease and looks to dab it with an open face towards backward point;
31.2;?;Tait to McCullum, no run over-pitched on off stump, Nathan shuffles across and looks for the off drive, but can't get it past Tait on his follow through;
31.1;?;Tait to McCullum, no run full length ball outside off, Nathan backs away and looks to carve through the off side, but misses;
30.6;?;Smith to Vettori, no run Vettori jumps a mile outside the crease, converts it into a low full toss and drives, but can't beat mid off;
30.5;?;Smith to Vettori, no run turning into the pads, Vettori nurdles to the leg side. Can't get a single;
30.4;?;Smith to Vettori, no run tossed up on off stump, Vettori leans out and defends to the off side;
30.3;?;Smith to Vettori, no run flatter, Vettori plays back and taps it off the pads to the leg side;
30.2;1;Smith to McCullum, 1 run Nathan reaches out and drives into the covers for another single. Uppish, but he was in control all the time;
30.1;1;Smith to Vettori, 1 run Smith offers Vettori generous width outside off, and he hangs back and across to steer backward of point for one;
41.6;1;Johnson to Vettori, 1 run Vettori chips across to off stump an tucks him square for one. Will he take the batting Powerplay now?;
41.5;1;Johnson to Southee, 1 run very straight, on middle and leg as Southee hops away and works it to the leg side.;
41.4;?;Johnson to Southee, no run edged but White is standing too deep at lone slip to hold it. Pitched up and asking to be driven, Southee goes for it and gets a thick edge. Straight to White, on the bounce;
41.3;?;Johnson to Southee, no run yorker on off stump, dug out down the track. Southee is the new man in by the way.;
41.2;W;Johnson to McCullum, OUT Nathan reviews an lbw decision. Another interesting one, as Mitch landed on middleand leg. The ball was doing nothing, just carried on with the line. Nathan, for some reason, was looking to get across to the off stump and nurdle to the leg side. A fine plan that, but not if you miss the plan. He did. Hit in the front of middle, and it was carrying on to hit off. Both reviews done for New Zealand, and an important wicket for Aus.;Nathan McCullum lbw b Johnson 52 (94m 76b 3x4 0x6) SR: 68.42;
41.1;1;Johnson to Vettori, 1 run angles into the pads first up, at 139.2 kph, but no worries for Vettori as he gets the pads inside the line and helps it along to fine leg;
40.6;1;Smith to Vettori, 1 run on Vettori's pads and sliding further down, he glances it fine and gets a single;
40.5;1;Smith to McCullum, 1 run Nathan forces a short of length ball from off stump towards deep cover for another single;
40.4;1;Smith to Vettori, 1 run Vettori stays back and plays to the off side for a single;
40.3;1;Smith to McCullum, 1 run extra turn from Smith, gets the outside edge but Nathan plays it softly so it doesn't carry anywhere. Single towards cover. Fifty runs added.;
40.2;1;Smith to Vettori, 1 run tossed up on off stump, Vettori reaches out and drives efficiently down the grounf;
40.1;?;Smith to Vettori, no run this time Vettori tries the reverse sweep and misses.;
29.6;?;Krejza to McCullum, no run sharp bounce from Krejza from middle and leg, gets big on Nathan as he tries to glance, and balloons up off the thigh to the leg side. Haddin collects and they let out a stifled appeal in hope.;
29.5;1;Krejza to Vettori, 1 run tossed up on leg, Vettori reaches out to the line and turns the wrists for a single in front of square;
29.4;1;Krejza to McCullum, 1 run Nathan shuffles across and nurdles off the pads through square leg for a single;
29.3;1;Krejza to Vettori, 1 run and turn, from leg stump, almost squares up Vettori and gets a leading edge. Thankfully, it was too thick to carry to slip. Pops up into the covers for one;
29.2;?;Krejza to Vettori, no run flighted on off, Dan leans forward and defends carefully as he smothers the spin;
29.1;1;Krejza to McCullum, 1 run back of a length and holding its line around off stump, Nathan works it off the back foot through midwicket for a single;
28.6;W;Smith to How, OUT How reviews an lbw call that looked plumb at the outset. Tossed up on middle from a touch wide of the crease, grips and straightens as How looks to defend it in front of front pad. The bat came across from its backlift, that began with the bat pointing at gully, a little late. The ball thudded into the pad in front of middle and was headed towards the stumps too. A review wasted, How is gone.;Jamie How lbw b Smith 22 (60m 47b 1x4 0x6) SR: 46.8;
28.5;1;Smith to McCullum, 1 run Nathan whips him off the pads wide of mid-on to turn the strike over again;
28.4;1;Smith to How, 1 run this time he gets the gap between cover and mid off. Singles galore.;
28.3;?;Smith to How, no run fuller on off stump, How drives strongly but straight to the fielder in the covers;
28.2;1;Smith to McCullum, 1 run skids across on off stump, Nathan gets half forward and opens the face to dab it square for a single;
28.1;?;Smith to McCullum, no run tossed up on off and Nathan leans out to defend to the off side;
27.6;?;Krejza to How, no run How tries to cut the ball but it's a bit quicker and beats the outside edge;
27.5;?;Krejza to How, no run worked off the pads towards square leg;
27.4;4;Krejza to How, FOUR runs edged this time for four to third man. How pushed forward at one outside off and got a thick edge that ran past the fielder at short third man;
27.3;1;Krejza to McCullum, 1 run pushed through cover point for a single;
27.3;5w;Krejza to McCullum, 5 wide Krejza slips one down leg side, McCullum gets inside the line and tries to glance the ball. He misses but the ball beats Haddin as well;
27.2;?;Krejza to McCullum, no run a flatter offering and it is cut off the back foot towards short third man;
27.1;?;Krejza to McCullum, no run defended on the front foot on the leg side;
26.6;?;Smith to How, no run a large stride forward precedes a solid forward defensive shot;
26.5;2;Smith to How, 2 runs played off the back foot through square;
26.4;?;Smith to How, no run defended towards the bowler on the leg side;
26.3;?;Smith to How, no run a loose drive to one that lands outside off. The outside edge is in the air but falls short of White at point;
26.2;?;Smith to How, no run this one pitches but doesn't turn so much. Driven back to the bowler;
26.1;1;Smith to McCullum, 1 run that might have spun, had it pitched. McCullum takes it on the full and drives down the ground;
25.6;1;Krejza to McCullum, 1 run swept on one knee towards short fine leg;
25.5;1;Krejza to How, 1 run driven towards long on;
25.4;?;Krejza to How, no run defended on the back foot;
25.3;1;Krejza to McCullum, 1 run worked off the pads towards square leg;
25.2;1;Krejza to How, 1 run defended on the front foot towards the off;
25.1;1b;Krejza to McCullum, 1 bye the ball beats the bat and thuds into Haddin before rolling towards short third man;
24.6;?;Lee to How, no run another full and fast delivery outside off, How drives once again and this time Ponting makes an easier stop;
24.5;?;Lee to How, no run full ball outside off stump, How leans into it and plays a crisp square drive. Injured finger and all, Ponting makes a fine save at point;
24.4;?;Lee to How, no run Lee bowls wider outside off stump and How lets it go through to Haddin;
24.3;?;Lee to How, no run played towards square leg from the crease;
24.2;?;Lee to How, no run good length and straight, How can't do much but defend;
24.1;?;Lee to How, no run Lee sneaks a good length ball in between the batsman's bat and pad. That one seamed in a touch and kept very low;
23.6;?;Krejza to McCullum, no run an attempted cut off the back foot but the batsman tried to hit it a bit too hard and mis-timed the shot towards cover;
23.5;?;Krejza to McCullum, no run played on the off side, towards point;
23.4;2;Krejza to McCullum, 2 runs McCullum moves a touch across and chips the ball high in the air towards deep midwicket where the ball falls wide of the fielder. New Zealand reach 100, it's been a tough journey there;
23.3;?;Krejza to McCullum, no run defended on the front foot;
23.2;1;Krejza to How, 1 run a full ball driven firmly towards the bowler, Krejza gets some hand on it and it narrowly misses the stumps at the bowler's end. Would have been close had it hit;
23.1;?;Krejza to How, no run defended on the back foot towards the off side;
22.6;4;Lee to McCullum, FOUR runs an a welcome sight, McCullum keeps his eyes on the short ball from Lee and bunts it over the head of Haddin. First boundary in 11 overs.;
22.5;?;Lee to McCullum, no run good length outside off stump, dabbed off the back foot towards point;
22.4;1;Lee to How, 1 run good length once again and very straight, played towards square leg with a closed face;
22.3;?;Lee to How, no run pushed towards cover on the front foot;
22.2;1;Lee to McCullum, 1 run full ball outside off, run down to third man;
22.1;1;Lee to How, 1 run Lee is a champion. He first delivered a good length ball at considerable pace around off stump. The batsman blocked it and then set off for a single. Lee sprinted to get the ball and slid as he did so, his feet breaking the stumps at the batsman's end. Nervelessly he turned around and on the slide scored a direct hit at the bowler's end. The batsman was in though.;
21.6;1;Krejza to How, 1 run driven towards long-on to end the over;
21.5;1;Krejza to McCullum, 1 run nudged off the pads down leg side, another single;
21.4;?;Krejza to McCullum, no run McCullum whips the ball through square;
21.3;1;Krejza to How, 1 run flicked through the leg side for one;
21.2;1;Krejza to McCullum, 1 run shouts of catch it as McCullum chips the ball in the air but just wide of Krejza as the bowler dived to his right to try and take the caught and bowled;
21.1;1;Krejza to How, 1 run tossed up outside off stump, the batsman reaches for it and plays the square drive through point;
20.6;1;Lee to How, 1 run good length outside off, edged towards third man for a single;
20.5;?;Lee to How, no run another full ball with a hint of swing into the right-hander, flicked off the pads behind square;
20.4;?;Lee to How, no run good length outside off stump and rather quick. How lets it go safely;
20.3;1lb;Lee to McCullum, 1 leg bye Lee was aiming for the yorker but his line was a little awry on leg stump, McCullum missed the flick and the ball hit the pad and rolled towards the on-side. Lee couldn't sprint across quickly enough to prevent the run. A bit of reverse from Lee;
20.2;?;Lee to McCullum, no run defended on the front foot towards cover ...;
20.1;?;Lee to McCullum, no run McCullum attempts to cover drive but gets beaten outside off;
19.6;1;Krejza to McCullum, 1 run whipped on to the leg side from outside off stump;
19.5;1;Krejza to How, 1 run fuller length on off and middle, How drives down the ground towards long off;
19.4;1;Krejza to McCullum, 1 run nudged off the pads through square leg this time;
19.3;1;Krejza to How, 1 run closer line from Krejza and How dabs it towards point and takes a single;
19.2;1;Krejza to McCullum, 1 run driven with power through cover point, through the infield for a single;
19.1;?;Krejza to McCullum, no run tossed up wide outside off stump. McCullum strides forward and towards the ball to drive to cover;
18.6;1;Tait to McCullum, 1 run nudged on the leg side for one more;
18.5;1;Tait to How, 1 run How flicks another full one through square leg;
18.4;1;Tait to McCullum, 1 run Tait appeals but there was bat on this one. Only a little bat though and that's what saved McCullum. He too tried to play across the line to a full and fast delivery that was very straight;
18.3;?;Tait to McCullum, no run short ball outside off stump, McCullum lets it go through to Haddin;
18.2;2;Tait to McCullum, 2 runs flicked off the front foot towards midwicket;
18.1;?;Tait to McCullum, no run full ball from Tait around off stump, driven off the front foot towards cover. New Zealand are stuck in some terrible mire here. There is a woeful lack of direction to this innings.;
17.6;?;Johnson to How, no run perfect line, perfect length. Johnson's third maiden. How lets it go outside off stump;
17.5;?;Johnson to How, no run fuller length on a tight line, pushed into the covers on the front foot;
17.4;?;Johnson to How, no run defended on the back foot once again, Johnson is bowling a testing line around off;
17.3;?;Johnson to How, no run good length around off stump, How stays in his crease and blocks;
17.2;?;Johnson to How, no run punched firmly off the front foot towards extra cover;
17.1;?;Johnson to How, no run left alone outside off stump;
16.6;W;Tait to Taylor, OUT bowled him! Tait fires a full and fast yorker at Taylor, who had no hope once he made the decision to play across the line. He played around the ball and it crashed into off stump.;Ross Taylor b Tait 7 (45m 22b 1x4 0x6) SR: 31.81;
16.5;?;Tait to Taylor, no run short of a length outside off stump, How drops his wrists and lets it go;
16.4;?;Tait to Taylor, no run full length outside off stump, driven firmly but to the man at cover point;
16.3;?;Tait to Taylor, no run very full and very straight. Taylor plays the ball rather late and drives towards mid-on;
16.2;1;Tait to How, 1 run what do I know. It's a yorker but the line is down leg and it's glanced towards fine leg;
16.2;1nb;Tait to How, (no ball) full and straight, defended on the front foot towards the off. Tait's over-stepped so New Zealand have a chance to go crazy against the next ball;
16.1;1;Tait to Taylor, 1 run Tait delivers a full ball on leg stump, Taylor leans across and flicks towards fine leg;
15.6;1;Johnson to Taylor, 1 run And Taylor's discipline wavers but his thick edge flies low and down to third man;
15.5;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run Now the temptation is thrown at Taylor, short of a length outside off stump. Taylor also resists. If only their team-mates had shown similar discipline.;
15.4;1;Johnson to How, 1 run short of a length and straighter, How jumps back and works the ball through square leg;
15.3;?;Johnson to How, no run given the spate of edges to Haddin of late, Johnson is asking How to come and get it from wide outside off. How shows admirable restraint and says no thank you;
15.2;?;Johnson to How, no run wider ball outside off, the batsman strides forward and shoulders arms again;
15.1;?;Johnson to How, no run short of a length ball angling across the right-hander from over the wicket, left alone by the batsman;
14.6;?;Tait to Taylor, no run Taylor gets behind the line of a short of a length delivery and defends;
14.5;1;Tait to How, 1 run and How gets a juicy full ball on leg stump first up, and flicks it down to fine leg. Tait was looking for the yorker;
14.4;W;Tait to Styris, OUT horrific shot from Styris and the implosion continues. Tait pitched one short and wide, Styris went to slash it but it was a bit too far from him. He needed to get a bit closer to the ball but he didn't and the edge is once again taken by Haddin.;Scott Styris c ?Haddin b Tait 0 (4m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
14.3;?;Tait to Styris, no run fuller and straighter, Styris aims to flick but doesn't make proper contact;
14.2;?;Tait to Styris, no run wide outside off stump, left alone;
14.1;1;Tait to Taylor, 1 run how lucky is Taylor! Tait pinged him with a rapid short ball and Taylor took his eyes of the ball, left it all to fate, and half ducked. The ball crashed into his hand, a little higher than the glove and lobbed over first slip.;
13.6;?;Johnson to Styris, no run short of a length and very straight. Styris defends off his back foot towards the off side.;
13.5;W;Johnson to Franklin, OUT there you go, too high at No. 5. Franklin keeps his feet rooted in his crease and tries to drive at one extremely far away from his body. Rubbish shot, and the edge is taken oh so easily by Haddin.;James Franklin c ?Haddin b Johnson 0 (2m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
13.4;?;Johnson to Franklin, no run shorter ball around off stump. Franklin drops his wrists, sways a little and lets the ball go past;
13.3;?;Johnson to Franklin, no run and the first ball is full on middle and leg, Franklin flicks to the man placed at short square leg;
13.2;W;Johnson to Ryder, OUT caught behind! New Zealand are making no progress here. Johnson hits a good length around off stump and gets the ball to straighten just enough off the pitch. Ryder pushes forward tentatively and gets a thick nick through to Haddin. It's what eventually happens when you let one bowler bowl at a batsman for long periods without making him change his line by rotating strike.;Jesse Ryder c ?Haddin b Johnson 25 (49m 31b 6x4 0x6) SR: 80.64;
13.1;?;Johnson to Ryder, no run good length around off stump, Ryder stays in his crease and drives towards cover point. Can we have some singles please?;
12.6;4lb;Watson to Taylor, 4 leg byes and Watto finishes the over with another friendly gift, angling down the leg side and Taylor gets some pad on it as it hurries across to fine leg.;
12.5;?;Watson to Taylor, no run length ball on off stump, tamely pushed into the covers. Ian Chappell wonders why they aren't manouvering more singles;
12.4;4;Watson to Taylor, FOUR runs poor delivery, lets Taylor off - this is the 12th four of the innings in 13 overs; Four and dot seems to be the theme. Short and going down the leg side, Taylor got into a tangle, not knowing what to do with it, and ended up gloving it to fine leg;
12.3;?;Watson to Taylor, no run fuller length and angling into the stumps, Taylor defends with the full face towards mid on;
12.2;?;Watson to Taylor, no run slowish delivery, full at 123 kph, Taylor's struggling to get it off the square here. Guided to backward point.;
12.1;?;Watson to Taylor, no run fuller and outside off, Taylor gets half forward and across to defend to the off side;
12.1;1w;Watson to Taylor, 1 wide heavy ball from Watto, bangs it in miles short and he ducks under it. Was down the leg side too, and is called a wide;
11.6;?;Johnson to Ryder, no run a touch of width outside off, Ryder opens the face and steers to backward point;
11.5;?;Johnson to Ryder, no run back of a length and around off stump, the over's damage already done, Ryder just pushes it into the covers;
11.4;?;Johnson to Ryder, no run better length, fuller and Ryder plays it back with a straight bat.;
11.3;4;Johnson to Ryder, FOUR runs another short one. Ryder's bowling more bouncers than you'll see in a high-end Bangalore pub. No bouncer is going to bother someone as doughty as Ryder. Again he jumps back and slaps it square. No protection in the deep. Poor bowing again from Mitch.;
11.2;4;Johnson to Ryder, FOUR runs another excellent pull from Ryder. Nice, friendly short ball from Johnson, Ryder gets inside the line and goes onto the back foot, the front leg bent and angling in disdain, it races away square;
11.1;?;Johnson to Ryder, no run again, width for Ryder, but there is a lot of protection in the off side. He tries to thump on the up through the cordon, but Clarke at cover point dives across to his left and stops it;
10.6;?;Watson to Taylor, no run maiden from Watto, full ball hinting at inward movement, and Taylor almost falls over as he looks to work it to the leg side. Leading edge down the track. Edgy start for Taylor;
10.5;?;Watson to Taylor, no run Watto slips this in short, lots of effort for a 128 kph bumper, and Taylor gets under it;
10.4;?;Watson to Taylor, no run short of a length and coming in to Taylor who covers the line and defends with the full face;
10.3;?;Watson to Taylor, no run tight from Watto, on an around off stump and on a length, Taylor defends again;
10.2;?;Watson to Taylor, no run even fuller from Watto, this one comes in a shade, but Taylor covers the line and defends down the track again;
10.1;?;Watson to Taylor, no run full length ball on middle and off, pushed down the track towards mid on;
9.6;?;Johnson to Ryder, no run ends the over rather well, does Mitch. Keeps it on a tight line just outside off and Ryder opens the face to defend towards the off side;
9.5;?;Johnson to Ryder, no run very full ball at 133 kph, on off stump and pushed down the track;
9.4;?;Johnson to Ryder, no run back of a length and a hint wider outside off, Ryder guides it through point;
9.3;?;Johnson to Ryder, no run finally Mitch hits the right length, outside off and pushes into the covers by Ryder.;
9.3;1w;Johnson to Ryder, 1 wide and it gets poorer. Wide well down the leg side.;
9.2;4;Johnson to Ryder, FOUR runs bonus from Mitch, Ryder likes it. Fast and sprayed down the leg side, Ryder is inside the line by design and just helps it along past short fine leg. Poor bowling at its poorest.;
9.1;4;Johnson to Ryder, FOUR runs lovely pull from Ryder. Couple of things to watch in that shot. It was short from Johnson yes, but Ryder had to place it in front of square, since there was David Hussey at deep backward square leg. Secondly, he had to ensure he did not top edge it. Ryder did both, placing it in front of square, and rolling the wrists expertly over it, almost like he was playing a top-spin forehand at ping pong. Beats Hussey's dive and makes it to the fence;
8.6;?;Watson to Taylor, no run length ball to end the over, and Taylor learns from Guppy's error. Gets a good forward stride and defends to the off side;
8.5;W;Watson to Guptill, OUT oh well, Watto has castled Guppy with another grubber. Bad signs this, for the game. Back of a length from Watto, Guppy may have been better off coming forward in hindsight, but I doubt it would have helped. It just never came up off the track, Guppy played a half-cock forward block, but it kissed the toe of the bat and just shot through onto the stumps. Balls bounce more on nine-pin bowling alleys.;Martin Guptill b Watson 10 (45m 25b 2x4 0x6) SR: 40;
8.4;?;Watson to Guptill, no run another one runs along the turf. 125 kph outside off, Guppy tries to play a cut on the up, but the ball just scoots below his shot.;
8.3;?;Watson to Guptill, no run better this time, keeps it outside off and Guptill sees it through to the keeper;
8.2;4;Watson to Guptill, FOUR runs poor line, too full and too straight, easy runs from Guppy who gets the front foot in line and whips fluidly through wide mid on;
8.1;?;Watson to Guptill, no run and begins with a dream away seamer. Lands back of a length outside off and just hints at going away. Guppy thought he had the line covered as he defended. He thought ...;
7.6;?;Johnson to Ryder, no run no bouncer though, length ball slanting into the pads and Ryder misses the nurdle as he continues to play, rooted to the crease;
7.5;?;Johnson to Ryder, no run over-compensation, very straight on leg stump, Ryder is early on the turn off the pads and plays it back down the track.;
7.4;4;Johnson to Ryder, FOUR runs don't give Ryder width, he just loves it almost as much as candy. Johndon lands this well outside off, Ryder stays rooted on his crease and swings the bat in a decisive arc to send the ball thundering through the covers.;
7.3;?;Johnson to Ryder, no run back of a length and this time no width either. Ryder defends cautiously into the off side;
7.2;?;Johnson to Ryder, no run a foot outside off, but not short, Ryder looks to place him through the packed off side cordon, but point intervenes;
7.1;?;Johnson to Ryder, no run short of a length and angling into Ryder who steers into the covers without really getting forward;
6.6;4;Lee to Guptill, FOUR runs Having done his Gavaskar impersonation, Guptill now summons his inner Sehwag. Back of a length and just outside off stump. Guppy stays on leg stump, waits for the ball to come beside him, and then opens the face upwards intentionally to ping the third man boundary. Perfectly executed, almost a six. Lee ends another over with a boundary.;
6.5;2;Lee to Guptill, 2 runs Drumroll - Guptill is not out for a duck. Over-pitched on off stump and he finally gets forward with some intent, and punches through the covers. Not the best piece of timing, but good enough to get a couple. He will breathe easier;
6.4;?;Lee to Guptill, no run another dot for Guppy, who stays tamely in the crease and plays defensively backward of point;
6.3;1lb;Lee to Ryder, 1 leg bye Ryder looks to turn off the pads, and misses. It balloons up off his body to the on side and they get a leg bye;
6.2;?;Lee to Ryder, no run nice timing and good fielding. Similar ball from Lee, fractionally shorter, and Ryder stays back to cut it into the off side, backward point dives to the right and saves it;
6.1;?;Lee to Ryder, no run Lee beats Ryder outside off with a regulation length ball angling across and moving further away. Ryder should begin moving the feet, there is enough variation here to otherwise induce an edge;
5.6;?;Johnson to Guptill, no run Mitch tees off with a maiden, tight line and a hint of inward seam from a length on middle and off. Guppy stays in the crease and defends down the pitch;
5.5;?;Johnson to Guptill, no run length delivery, decent pace, nothing scary - Guppy leans out and defends to the off side;
5.4;?;Johnson to Guptill, no run extravagant bounce this time, got big on Guppy from back of a length and then got bigger. He tried to cut, then changes the shot into a guide, and finally into an upper cut. The ball still beat him with the extra lift;
5.3;?;Johnson to Guptill, no run full delivery, a yorker almost on off stump, not very pacy as Guppy digs it out between the bowler and mid off;
5.2;?;Johnson to Guptill, no run fuller and again angled across off, Guppy leaves again;
5.1;?;Johnson to Guptill, no run regulation ball, angling across Guppy who stays put and shoulders arms;
4.6;4;Lee to Ryder, FOUR runs Lee is denied a maiden as Ryder threads the covers with a powerful slash into the ground. It's a shot from the Ryder book of delights, but he has it under control. A foot of width outside off, Ryder stands up and throws the bat at it, and swats it through the covers;
4.5;?;Lee to Ryder, no run 145.5 kph, Lee is zipping 'em through today. Fuller and faster sucker ball outside off, it just beat Ryder for pace as he moved his feet across a year late. Close to the outside edge too. Ryder looks like a man beaten after it whizzes past;
4.4;?;Lee to Ryder, no run back of a length again, not a ball to hit from Lee. Ryder is stuck on the crease, pushes his bat in front of the body to play it into the covers;
4.3;?;Lee to Ryder, no run marginally straight, back of a length at 134 kph, Ryder closes the face early as he looks to turn it away to the leg side, gets a leading edge that goes to the off side;
4.2;?;Lee to Ryder, no run 135 kph, a bouncer full of intent. Ryder does the smartest thing - he ducks as it whizzes where his helmet would have been if he weren't ducking;
4.1;?;Lee to Ryder, no run back of a length and slanting across Ryder who leaves.;
3.6;1;Tait to Ryder, 1 run width again outside off, Ryder doesn't move the feet at all and plays with an opened face, towards third man for a single;
3.5;?;Tait to Ryder, no run full delivery angling across Ryder who pushes it towards cover point;
3.4;W;Tait to McCullum, OUT McCullum has holed out, or has he? Caught at third man by Krejza, but the umpire wants to check if he over-stepped. He landed alright, but the foot skid a few inches forward. Still doesn't over-step so McCullum has to go. Full delivery outside off, Baz looks for the extravagant carve over point, but since his feet weren't across it went off the outside edge, close to the bottom of the bat. He went at that so hard, that it carried to Krejza at third man at good height.;Brendon McCullum c Krejza b Tait 16 (19m 12b 3x4 0x6) SR: 133.33;
3.3;4;Tait to McCullum, FOUR runs ooh, lucky for Baz. Tait offers width again, but not as short as the other ones. Baz wanted to hit the leather off that one, but he did not have the room to crunch it away. As he was cramped, it took the inside edge and missed the stumps. French Cut for four.;
3.2;?;Tait to McCullum, no run fuller from Tait, Baz is half forward into the defensive shot;
3.1;4;Tait to McCullum, FOUR runs finally he delivers a legal free-hit and McCullum scythes it over backward point. He almost seemed to expect another short ball, was in the position, shuffling across and throwing the willow at it. Not as well-timed as the previous hit, and it lands well short of the ropes;
3.1;1w;Tait to McCullum, 1 wide and the free-hit is a wide. Tait's delivered more extras than a big-budget Bollywood movie's dance would feature. Banged in real short, and it's a foot over Baz's head;
3.1;1nb;Tait to McCullum, (no ball) oho, wides in the first over, now a no-ball from Taity. Baz was going after this one as it it were a free hit, huge swing and a miss to a ball wide outside off.;
2.6;?;Lee to Guptill, no run another short one to end the over, steaming away at 144 kph, Guppy rises on the toes to cover the bounce and keep it down;
2.5;?;Lee to Guptill, no run this one is fuller, Guppy's able to get forward and defend to the off side;
2.4;?;Lee to Guptill, no run snorta from Lee! 137 kph, lands on a length and rears up like a monster. This pitch has more ups and downs than the Himalayas. Guppy was thinking of getting forward, then saw it, wisely changed his mind, arched back and just about saved his face. Lee has some advice for him!;
2.3;1;Lee to McCullum, 1 run Baz turns the strike, hangs back in the crease and pushes into the covers for a single;
2.2;?;Lee to McCullum, no run slashed away like a cheap thriller movie. Short from Lee, but not really carrying off the deck, Baz hit it hard into the ground and straight to cover;
2.1;?;Lee to McCullum, no run Lee angles into the stumps, Baz gets behind the line and defends to mid on;
1.6;?;Tait to Guptill, no run Tait ends the over with another one that pings the bat hard as it jumps up from back of a length. Guppy had the forward defensive under control.;
1.5;?;Tait to Guptill, no run short and into Guppy's rib cage, he rides the bounce well and fends to the leg side;
1.4;3;Tait to McCullum, 3 runs ooh, Ponting misfields, was he being careful about the injured finger? Full on the stumps from Tait, Baz leans into the push drive to the left of mid off. Ponting runs across and dives over the ball;
1.3;4;Tait to McCullum, FOUR runs Baz is away with a typically enterprising upper-cut. Pacy from Tait again, just sligghlt wide of off stump, Baz stays beside it and uncorks those monster wrists to send it flying backward of square, almost a six;
1.2;?;Tait to McCullum, no run 142.3 kph, Tait hits Baz's bat and not the other way round. Short ball, fizzing up from back of a length and Baz defends into the off side;
1.1;?;Tait to McCullum, no run 130 kph, short delivery that came on slowly and thudded into McCullum's fore-arm. He doesn't even flinch! He's not wearing a guard, and was trying to get under the bumkper, but it did not get that high;
1.1;1w;Tait to McCullum, 1 wide another one. Tait's radar is still not turned on, and Baz looks to whip another one heading down the leg. No contact made;
1.1;1w;Tait to McCullum, 1 wide NZ are away with a wide from Tait who spears the first one well down the leg side;
0.6;?;Lee to Guptill, no run some more movement to end the over, a maiden. Lee hits the seam again and gets the away nip, past Guppy who shoulders arms. Good, intense first over;
0.5;?;Lee to Guptill, no run hmm, 133 kph and uneven bounce. This one just hits one of those greenish clumps and dies on Guppy, goes under the bat's toe as he looks to defend;
0.4;?;Lee to Guptill, no run he's pressing the accelerator, slowly but surely, purring up like a well-tuned engine. Short ball, hits the deck back of a length and gets lovely carry from this fresh track. Guppy weaves out of the way;
0.3;?;Lee to Guptill, no run bat on ball finally, Lee hits the right length again, Guppy gets forward and defends carefully;
0.2;?;Lee to Guptill, no run 130 kph, more than enough pace if you can get the ball to do magic off the seam. Lee lands it perfectly, kisses the pitch and wafts away past Guppy's nervous poke.;
0.1;?;Lee to Guptill, no run and he begins with a ball that could not have got closer to off stump without hitting it. Back of a length, angling in and holding its line. Brave leave from Guppy. Hmm.;

Right, Guptill and McCullum take guard for New Zealand. Lee has the ball. Two slips in place. Guppy faces. Trans-Tasman rivalry for the win!
George Binoy is moderating the over-by-over chat for now. I, Nitin Sundar, will be swapping roles with him through the game.
Another gem from Nagraj: Vincent Barnes, SA's bowling coach, has his dog named Sachin. Graeme Smith was asked that about in the presser and he said "Mate, i have a World Cup to think about!"
Australia have done this a couple of times in India, in recent times. Once in Guwahati, and some years back in Baroda - winning the toss in a day game, bowling first and exploiting the conditions. NZ will need to approach this carefully. A smattering of a crowd has turned up for the game. Hopefully the stands will fill through the day.
Sahasranshu: "Even when Lector mishit Shastri, he still managed to inflict damage because he went through with the shot."
Darryl: "Being a keen Central Districts supporter I sure hope Jamie shows you people who are knocking him How to eat your words."
Still some time to the start as the teams assemble for the national anthems. A minute of silence before that to acknowledge the tragedy in New Zealand.
While we wait, check out our new apps, for the iPhone and the Android. Meanwhile our man in Nagpur, Nagraj Gollapudi, insists that I should mention that Australia have a XI-strong support staff. Neat.
Tushar: "VCA authorities are removing the LCD, washing m/c, refreigerator and A/C fittings from the australian dressing room... Just a precautionary measuere!"
Sam Walid: "How's selection might have been an error in communication.
NZ Coach: "I think I know a way to defeat Australia."
NZ Selectors: "How?"
NZ Coach: "That sounds better than my original idea. Lets select him!"
Good one Sam!
Vineet: "New Zealand have never won a match against Australia in India.Watched live the last time these two played in WC in India in 1996.It was an excellent match hope to see an interesting match even today."
Who can forget that game in Chennai. Fine ton from Chris Harris, and then pinch-hitting cameo from Shane Warne, and a sublime innings from Mark Waugh.
Dara: "Did Dr. Lecter then hit Ravi Shastri with a tracer bullet? Or was he a cool customer?"
Dara, you forget that Ravi Shastri is a tall man. But Lecter uses the long handle to good effect.
Ahsan: "Why are you making Brad Haddin your fantasy captain? its got to be SHANE WATSON!" Couldn't afford him mate! Manu wants me to share my team for tips. If you want Fantasy tips, you can do worse than check out Ian Chappell's team. The man's already past 3000 points.
Paul: "How is How picked ahead of Williamson? Not that I'm complaining, if the kiwis want to hobble themselves with a useless limpet batting during the slog overs, go right ahead!" How did look a fish out of water in the Pakistan ODIs. Kept getting stuck on the crease before perishing to feeble pull shots.
Dan: "I agree with Paul. Williamson at least offers another spin option. Even Mills has turned into a decent lower order hitter, making him a more sensible replacement. Really have to scratch my head sometimes with the selections." I guess the comment's not from Dan the man Vettori.
Eric: "Can someone tell Ravi Shastri that he need not shout on the mic when making an announcement. It is very jarring to hear. He can speak in normal voice the sound gets amplified."
Yes Eric. One always got the feeling that when Shastri was on the mic, something was going to give. Once Ravi Shastri took Dr. Hannibal Lecter out for dinner. Hannibal the Cannibal, as is his wont, ordered a platter of brain. The bearer was stunned. Ravi Shastri brought him back to his senses with, "You heard right. Brain. That's just what the doctor ordered."
Right, I shall nip over to my Fantasy cricket account and make Brad Haddin my captain for the morning. Made your changes for today? Now's the time. Remember, you can change your captain, and your entire squad if you so desire, and it will reflect for the Ire v Bang game.
Toss: Vettori stifles a yawn as Ravi Shastri booms away as always. Ponting wins the toss and chooses to bowl under clouds. "Solid start in the first game, not spectacular, but this is a very different wicket. Some moisture around, and cloud cover, we expect to do well with the ball. Not often that you begin in conditions like these in India, so this is interesting." Harsha got it right - Aus are unchanged.
Vettori says he would have liked to bat in any case. What a waste of a ritual the toss was! Vettori reflects on the earthquake back home and says the thoughts are with the people in Christchurch. Oram sits out as said before, and How comes in.
Harsha Bhogle gives an early update on air, he says Australia are likely to go unchanged, while New Zealand will leave out Jacob Oram and bring in Jamie How. If this update is wrong, please send your hate mail to Harsha!
Reckon you can predict the sides for today? Click and pick.
Pitch: Dry wicket, despite the rain says Mike Atherton. Tinges of green, not live grass so it may have some pace. Not much purchase for spinners. There may be help early for the bowlers, but it won't last for long. Interesting toss ahead.
Hello and welcome to the Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, played for the first time outside Australia and New Zealand! New Zealand have traditionally lifted their game for the Trans-Tasman ODI contest, so expect a big punch above their weight today. And yes, it is also Game 8 at the World Cup.
There was some rain in Nagpur yesterday, but the good news is that it's stopped in time. The covers are off and a Supersopper is patrolling the VCA at the moment.
 Innings Start
On behalf of George Binoy and the rest of the crew, this is Nitin Sundar signing off. Cheers!
Right, Australia have walked away with the Chappell-Hadlee Trophy. Or so they say. I don't see any Cup being handed out. Anyway, that's the end of game 8. Sriram Veera's bulletin is getting updated here, so do check out how this game panned out. Game 9 continues to intrigue in Mirpur, so please head across and catch up with our commentary.
Presentations, hosted by who else but Ravi "Tracer Bullet" Shastri.
Johnson, based on his fine figures, is Man of the Match. "Happy with the way it came out. Important game for us - to go out there and perform, it was great. I have bowled first change for a while, I guess that's my role. If I get a chance to open the bowling, I'll put my hand up, but we have a fine attack with Lee and Tait at the top. I still remain aggressive and go for wickets, I am enjoying this role. Will like to bat lower down and smack a few as well."
Ponting: "Good game for us today. NZ are a very good one-day side, good win for us. We said right at the start of the tournament, if our fast bowlers bowl as well as they can, it can't matter who we play. They could have actually been better with the new ball. The fact that they took wickets early meant I did not have to fall back on Watson through the day. The top order played in a different manner to how they played against Zimbabwe. It was good to see."
Vettori: "Disappointing performance with the bat. Lost three or four wickets early and we were setback. Good that Nathan McCullum played the innings he did, but it was not enough. We have to move past this quickly and play well against Zimbabwe in 7-8 days. There is always areas to improve - fielding was outstanding, but bowlers need to back it up."
All over in Nagpur, the smattering of a crowd's seen a mismatch. New Zealand possibly, and understandably, might have had other things in their minds today. Australia have walked to victory.
Watson: "Good decision early on to bowl first, worked very nicely for us. Haddin and me wanted to just bat as deep as we could. Brad batted beautifully today, so my job was easier. Our next game is not for a week, so we'll take it easy for a couple of days."
33.6;1;Franklin to White, 1 run Australia get the Chappell-Hadlee Trophy even before New Zealand could get the second new ball. Length ball, wafting past him outside off, White reaches out and steers with control through backward point to get the winning runs.;
33.5;4;Franklin to White, FOUR runs scores are level. Can New Zealand force a tie? I think not. Back of a length and angling across White who part-edges, part-steers it to third man;
33.4;?;Franklin to White, no run back of a length outside off, White reaches out, opens the face and dabs it straight to short third man;
33.3;?;Franklin to White, no run a foot and a half wide outside off, White goes for the full-blooded scythe cut .. and finds point;
33.2;?;Franklin to White, no run fuller outside off, While pushes forward defensively;
33.1;?;Franklin to White, no run back of a length outside off, defends into the offside as White struggles to force it away;
32.6;4;Bennett to Clarke, FOUR runs and four more, Clarke gets a pull shot away, running the men at deep square leg and deep midwicket. Both of them converged and fell in hope but the ball sped past. Five to win.;
32.5;?;Bennett to Clarke, no run bowls from well wide of the crease as he changes his action following the injury, pushed into the off side against the pace.;
32.4;?;Bennett to Clarke, no run well short of a length outside off, Bennett seems to have injured his left leg - is that knee, ankle or calf? White hangs back and plays into the off side. Looks like a calf strain. Bennett was unplayable against Kenya. Slightly different today.;
32.3;1;Bennett to White, 1 run and he nearly falls for a slow back-of-the-hand legcutter. Comes on a day after White leant out and played the on drive and he almost chipped straight to short midwicket.;
32.2;4;Bennett to White, FOUR runs short and wide outside off now, Bennett's run out of steam big time here. White was so early on the cut, it went through extra cover. Go figure.;
32.2;2w;Bennett to Clarke, 2 wide couple of wides down the leg side, Baz does excruciatingly well to delay the denouement. That was headed for five wides;
32.1;4;Bennett to Clarke, FOUR runs imperious from Clarke, short ball from Bennett - he keeps bowling these, and Clarke keeps waiting for them and pulling away. Fully in control and played in front of square for four;
31.6;2;Franklin to White, 2 runs Clarke ends the over with a couple. No pace from Franklin, no movement either, worked away easily;
31.5;?;Franklin to White, no run wide outside off, Clarke opens the face and defends towards point;
31.4;?;Franklin to White, no run White gets another easy single in front of square. Australia taking their time in putting a ribbon over this.;
31.3;2;Franklin to White, 2 runs width on offer outside off, and it is cracked away through point for a couple;
31.2;1;Franklin to Clarke, 1 run angling across Clarke from over the wicket, he opens the face and steers it backward of point for one;
31.1;1;Franklin to White, 1 run White plays him carefully into the cover for a single;
30.6;?;Southee to Clarke, no run another sharpish inducker to end the over, Clarke is forward and covers the line before defending with the full face towards mid on;
30.5;1;Southee to White, 1 run sharp inward movement from just outside off, White stays back and opens the face to dab it down to third man;
30.4;?;Southee to White, no run on middle and leg, White gets the front foot across and plays into the leg side;
30.3;?;Southee to White, no run another full ball outside off, White pushes into the covers with a half across movement.;
30.2;?;Southee to White, no run fuller and a touch wider of off stump, White pokes it out to cover;
30.1;1;Southee to Clarke, 1 run Southee gets the outside edge with another naggingly innocuous legcutter that nips off the straight. Clarke closes the face and it runs away through third man;
29.6;?;Ryder to White, no run finishes with more defence down the ground as Ryder keeps it short of driving length;
29.5;2;Ryder to White, 2 runs this time White gets a single, squeezing a ball curving in, through the leg side for a couple;
29.4;?;Ryder to White, no run full toss on middle and off, White looks to drive into the off side, but still can't get the gap;
29.3;?;Ryder to White, no run hmm, White's getting a little restless, looks for a booming hit down the ground to a very full ball, and can't get under it;
29.2;?;Ryder to White, no run fuller and straighter, White gets the front pad across and plays around it to defend down the track;
29.1;?;Ryder to White, no run back of a length on off stump, White covers the line and defends dourly to the off side;
28.6;?;Southee to Clarke, no run Southee's bowling maidens like nobody's business. Clarke cracks a short ball wide outside off straight to point;
28.5;?;Southee to Clarke, no run back of a length and angling across, Clarke goes for the big booming drive and gets an inside edge that squeezes past the stumps to the leg side;
28.4;?;Southee to Clarke, no run on Clarke's pads from round the stumps, worked off the pads towards midwicket;
28.3;?;Southee to Clarke, no run fuller length on off stump, Clarke gets forward and defends into the off side;
28.2;?;Southee to Clarke, no run another legcutter from Southee, Clarke opens the face and steers it square.;
28.1;?;Southee to Clarke, no run another one tails in out of Southee's hand but is punched authoritatively into the covers;
27.6;?;Ryder to White, no run slower ball to end the over, wide of off stump and back of a length. White can't connect with the airy drive;
27.5;?;Ryder to White, no run;
27.4;4;Ryder to White, FOUR runs White is away with four as Ryder delivers a decentish back of the hand legcutter on middle and off. Nothing wrong with that ball, but not much was right either. White just got the front foot across and drove through the line for four;
27.4;2w;Ryder to Clarke, 2 wide this one slips down the leg side and is a couple of wides. Clarke doesn't get his backfoot out, unlike Ponting.;
27.3;?;Ryder to Clarke, no run this time Ryder rolls one off the back of the hand and Clarke defends to the off side;
27.2;?;Ryder to Clarke, no run back of a length outside off, Clarke comes forward and defends to the off side;
27.1;4;Ryder to Clarke, FOUR runs Clarke gets a gift on the pads, and just redirects it to deep square leg. Easy runs don't come any easier - full and friendly pace. No fielders in the deep to cut it off.;
26.6;?;Southee to White, no run finishes with a fuller delivery on the pads, White flicks with control, but finds midwicket;
26.5;?;Southee to White, no run White beaten outside off first up, fishing at a ball angling across at decent pace and missing. Good delivery from Southee;
26.5;W;Southee to Ponting, 1 wide, OUT Ponting must be miffed. Hide the TV in the dressing room. Lovely work from Baz, he's stolen a wicket out of nowhere. Southee pushes another one half a foot down the leg side, Ponting is lulled out of the crease as he plays a walking flick and misses. McCullum doesn't. With hands quicker than a rattlesnake he collects and removes the bails. By the time Ponting turned back, McCullum was celebrating. Hide the TVs I say.;Ricky Ponting st ?McCullum b Southee 12 (39m 28b 1x4 0x6) SR: 42.85;
26.4;?;Southee to Ponting, no run back of a length on the leg stump line, Ponting hops across and looks to flick, but can't get it away;
26.3;?;Southee to Ponting, no run short length again, comes into the pads and whipped square for a single;
26.2;1;Southee to Clarke, 1 run gets one to move away from Clarke, short ball wide outside off and it is hacked away to the deep;
26.1;?;Southee to Clarke, no run length ball on off stump, coming in with the angle and punched solidly into the covers;
26.1;5w;Southee to Clarke, 5 wide Southee does his bit for an early finish, pushes an inducker well down the leg side. Baz, standing up, had no chance.;
25.6;?;Ryder to Ponting, no run over-pitched outside off, Ponting leans into a cover drive, but finds the fielder;
25.5;?;Ryder to Ponting, no run on the pads this time, worked into midwicket;
25.4;?;Ryder to Ponting, no run back of a length outside off, Ponting reaches across and drives into the covers for one;
25.3;1;Ryder to Clarke, 1 run Clarke gets a single this time, full on the pads and driven cleanly down to long on;
25.2;?;Ryder to Clarke, no run stifled appeal as Clarke misses the flick to a ball coming into the pads sharply. Was going down the leg side though.;
25.1;?;Ryder to Clarke, no run full delivery, Ponting takes it on the full and drives down the ground for one;
24.6;?;Southee to Ponting, no run back of a length outside off, Ponting pushes into the covers off the front foot. Six points for anyone who has Southee in their Fanatsy XI, since that's a maiden.;
24.5;?;Southee to Ponting, no run angles this one across Ponting who stays on the crease and opens the face to guide it into the covers;
24.4;?;Southee to Ponting, no run Full and straight, Ponting arrests the forward movement and brings the bat down in time to play it towards mid on;
24.3;?;Southee to Ponting, no run fuller this time and tailing in, Ponting works it off the pads, but can't beat the two men standing at midwicket;
24.2;?;Southee to Ponting, no run short of a length and angling in from just outside off, at 139 kph, and Ponting pushes it into the off side off the back foot;
24.1;?;Southee to Ponting, no run another legcutter from Southee, Ponting spots it off the track, covers the line and defends down the track;
23.6;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run another dot ball, back of a length on middle and leg and Clarke defends down the track;
23.5;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run Clarke gets well forward and defends down the track;
23.4;1;Vettori to Ponting, 1 run Ponting gets a single this time, staying back and punching into the covers for one;
23.4;1w;Vettori to Ponting, 1 wide this one is a grubber that slips down the leg side, Called a wide;
23.3;1;Vettori to Clarke, 1 run this one straightens from middle and off, Clarke hangs back and forces against the deviation into the off side for one;
23.2;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run similar delivery, Clarke reaches across and defends into the off side;
23.1;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run back of a length and turning across, he pushes forward and defends into the off side;
22.6;?;Southee to Ponting, no run definite reverse for Southee, another one jars in sharply as Ponting thinks of getting the front foot forward and across, he ends up playing around it but gets it down to long on for one;
22.5;2;Southee to Ponting, 2 runs and the pressure is released with a poor ball slanting into the pads, Ponting clips it along the way for a couple to fine leg;
22.4;?;Southee to Ponting, no run back of a length again, this one is a legcutter and goes away subtly. Defended into the off side by Ponting.;
22.3;?;Southee to Ponting, no run another huge appeal, this time for lbw. Will they review this? No. This one is fuller, comes in off the seam from well outside off, prodigious movement for Southee as Ponting pushes forward and outside the line. Replays say that wwas hitting him just in line. And it was headed to middle stump. They should have reviewed this one!;
22.2;?;Southee to Ponting, no run huge appeal for caught behind, and it is being reviewed. Slants down the leg side as Ponting tries to play the glance off the front foot. Did he get a feather on it? Replays are not conclusive - we need HotSpot and Snicko for this. McCullum was convinced the way he went up - very very confident. Well, the umpire's decision has been upheld. NZ lose a review.;
22.1;1;Southee to Clarke, 1 run back of a length on the stumps, he opens the face and dabs it backward of point for one;
21.6;?;Vettori to Ponting, no run Ponting defends the last ball, gets behind the line and defends down the track;
21.5;?;Vettori to Ponting, no run again, back of a length and Ponting stays on the crease to defend into the off side;
21.4;?;Vettori to Ponting, no run tossed up this time, Ponting reaches out and defends to the off side;
21.3;?;Vettori to Ponting, no run turning away from middle and off, Ponting gets back and defends to the off side;
21.2;4;Vettori to Ponting, FOUR runs easy runs. Third man inside the circle, and Vettori lands this short and well outside off. Ponting jumps on it with the cut shot and gets a thick outside edge that beats the fielder and runs to the boundary at third man;
21.1;?;Vettori to Ponting, no run tossed up on Ponting's pads, he reaches out and defends;
20.6;?;Bennett to Clarke, no run ends the over with a variation. Back of a length outside of, Clarke hops back and defends;
20.5;4;Bennett to Clarke, FOUR runs Bennett is pre-programmed to bowl just two types of balls in this spell - the bouncer and the slow legcutter. Clarke seemed to know what was coming, jumping inside the line and camping on the backfoot as this bouncer slanted in. Easy runs for him, latched on early and pulled emphatically in front of square;
20.4;?;Bennett to Clarke, no run angled into the pads again, worked easily off the backfoot for a single,;
20.4;1w;Bennett to Clarke, 1 wide Is he over-doing these now? Another back of the hand slower ball that slips down the leg side and is called wide;
20.3;1;Bennett to Ponting, 1 run another short delivery, Clarke gets behind the line and controls the pull to keep it down in front of square leg for one;
20.2;2;Bennett to Ponting, 2 runs again the slow legcutter at 104.9 kph, but sliding too far down the leg side. Ponting gets inside the line and helps it along to fine leg for a couple;
20.1;?;Bennett to Ponting, no run bangs it in back of a length outside off, Ponting rides the bounce and defends to the off side;
19.6;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run fuller on leg and middle, Clarke is compact in his forward defensive;
19.5;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run Clarke skips out, gets close to the pitch but chooses to play it back down the ground;
19.4;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run holds the length back and lands this a foot outside off, Clarke reaches across and defends to the off side;
19.3;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run tossed up on middle and off, Clarke comes forward to smother and defend;
19.2;1;Vettori to Ponting, 1 run tailing in towards leg stump and straightening, Ponting covers the line and taps it square on the leg side;
19.1;1;Vettori to Clarke, 1 run tossed up on the pads, Clarke works it wide of mid on and turns the strike;
18.6;1;Bennett to Clarke, 1 run Bennett's over has ended before 2011 came to an end. Eventful over, finished with another one of those back of the hand deliveries, this one was very full and sliding down the leg. Worked along to fine lef for a single;
18.5;1;Bennett to Ponting, 1 run short ball, nipping into Ponting from wide of off stump as he hops into line. Fended off bat and pad towards fine leg. Ponting was not very comfortable dealing with that;
18.4;1lb;Bennett to Clarke, 1 leg bye slips onto Pup's pads and he's eases behind square for one;
18.3;W;Bennett to Watson, OUT Bennett has picked two in two. Do NZ have a chance to get back into this? Once again, Watto perishes soon after crossing his 50. Bennett continues to operate with that nagging lack of pace, this time back of a length and well outside off. Watto waited for it to come on and played an ugly cross-batted swipe. The ball was coming slower than he expected, and took the inside edge before crashing into the stumps.;Shane Watson b Bennett 62 (87m 61b 6x4 1x6) SR: 101.63;
18.3;1w;Bennett to Watson, 1 wide very wide outside off and Watto can't reach it though he wants to;
18.2;2;Bennett to Watson, 2 runs this one angles into Watto's pads and he tucks it square for a couple;
18.1;W;Bennett to Haddin, OUT Bennett gets Haddin with a 96.4 kph slow bouncer. Comical stuff all round. It came out much shorter than Bennett wanted - landed midway down the pitch, took off in slow motion and seemed to stop - in mid-air mind you - as Haddin evaluated his options. He decided to throw the horizontal bat at it and swat it down, but it was too high for him to control. He ended up looping it to deep midwicket, despite rolling the wrists over it, and this time Franklin holds.;Brad Haddin c Franklin b Bennett 55 (84m 50b 8x4 0x6) SR: 110;
17.6;?;Vettori to Watson, no run Vettori ends the over with a dot ball as Watto can't get it away;
17.5;1;Vettori to Haddin, 1 run Haddin chips him off the pads through midwicket for one more;
17.4;1;Vettori to Watson, 1 run Bad to worse to shambles for NZ. Williamson drops a catch in the deep as Watto looks to mow a short ball, and plays it straight at Williamson who was slow moving forward and tumbling ahead. Should have been taken;
17.3;1;Vettori to Haddin, 1 run tossed up on leg stump again, Haddin again works it against the spin for a single to mid on;
17.2;1;Vettori to Watson, 1 run big spin for Vettori, but so late in the day. Lands back of a length outside off and spits away past Watto's backfoot prod. Outside edge goes towards the slips.. which are vacant.;
17.1;1;Vettori to Haddin, 1 run tossed up on the pads, Haddin politely pushes it towards long on and picks one;
16.6;?;Bennett to Watson, no run another wide delivery, close to being called too, as Watto has a biff and misses;
16.6;1w;Bennett to Watson, 1 wide and now one well outside off, Watto can't reach it.;
16.5;4;Bennett to Watson, FOUR runs such a poor short ball, even the lack of bounce on it did not prevent Watto from pulling for four. It did not bounce at all, and he seemed in some trouble as he adjusted the shot with the ball headed for his midriff. Still puts it away for four;
16.4;1;Bennett to Haddin, 1 run another bouncer, 138 kph and steep lift, Haddin gets over it and rolls the wrists over it for a single to deep square leg;
16.3;?;Bennett to Haddin, no run back of the hand slower delivery, 104.9 kph and well executed. Haddin was no where near picking that, and played all over it as it hit the pads, outside the line of off;
16.2;?;Bennett to Haddin, no run another short one, but this time had pace behind it. Haddin pulls but can't time the shot;
16.1;1;Bennett to Watson, 1 run short delivery, bowled with no intent, Watto picks the slower ball and smashes a pull to deep midwicket;
15.6;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run Haddin moves back and blocks;
15.5;1;Vettori to Watson, 1 run cut hard off the back foot towards deep point;
15.4;4;Vettori to Watson, FOUR runs a slower ball from Vettori and Watson hits the ball hard through the off side this time;
15.3;4;Vettori to Watson, FOUR runs Watson swats this, bludgeons this with unbelievable power to the wide long-on boundary. He hit that on one knee and extremely hard and flat;
15.2;?;Vettori to Watson, no run;
15.1;4;Vettori to Watson, FOUR runs Watson lunges forward and plays a powerful slow seep towards deep midwicket. It's flat but in the air so the fielder at deep midwicket tries desperately to catch it, in vain.;
14.6;1;Bennett to Watson, 1 run played towards deep midwicket for a single to end the over;
14.5;?;Bennett to Watson, no run Watson strides forward and plays the cut towards point;
14.4;?;Bennett to Watson, no run the bouncer and the batsman lets it go;
14.3;2;Bennett to Watson, 2 runs a touch short and Watson pulls the ball towards deep midwicket;
14.2;2;Bennett to Watson, 2 runs driven though cover point off the front foot;
14.2;1w;Bennett to Watson, 1 wide extremely wide outside off stump;
14.1;2lb;Bennett to Watson, 2 leg byes poor line, down leg side and Watson glances the ball towards fine leg;
13.6;1;McCullum to Watson, 1 run played towards midwicket;
13.5;6;McCullum to Watson, SIX runs short ball and Watson heaves the ball off the back foot. He spotted the length early and absolutely hammered it over the deep midwicket boundary;
13.4;1;McCullum to Haddin, 1 run Haddin taps the ball gently towards mid-off and sprints the single;
13.3;1;McCullum to Watson, 1 run muscled towards deep midwicket this time. Hit hard and flat and it reaches the fielder on the bounce;
13.2;?;McCullum to Watson, no run driven off the front foot towards cover, McCullum is bowling rather quick;
13.1;4;McCullum to Watson, FOUR runs width offered outside off stump and Watson moves on to the back foot and plays the square cut with power to the deep point boundary;
12.6;?;Ryder to Haddin, no run a slow delivery from Ryder, Haddin plays it towards cover;
12.5;?;Ryder to Haddin, no run nudged towards midwicket front the crease;
12.4;1;Ryder to Watson, 1 run length ball on of stump and Watson sends it screaming own the ground with a powerful drive towards long-on;
12.4;1w;Ryder to Watson, 1 wide full ball down leg side. McCullum collects as Watson misses the flick and whips off the bails in a flash. Watson had overbalanced but managed to keep his back foot grounded;
12.3;1;Ryder to Haddin, 1 run full ball on middle and leg, Haddin drives towards long on to reach his half-century;
12.2;?;Ryder to Haddin, no run pushed off the front foot towards point;
12.1;2;Ryder to Haddin, 2 runs played towards short fine leg for a single;
11.6;?;McCullum to Watson, no run played towards midwicket;
11.5;1;McCullum to Haddin, 1 run Watson drives off the front foot towards mid-off where Vettori fumbles. Guptill backs up from extra cover;
11.4;?;McCullum to Haddin, no run pushed back towards the bowler once again;
11.3;?;McCullum to Haddin, no run forced off the back foot towards cover point;
11.2;1;McCullum to Watson, 1 run width offered outside off and Watson cuts hard off the back foot towards cover. Vettori scored a direct hit but Watson was home;
11.1;?;McCullum to Watson, no run punched on the back foot towards the bowler;
10.6;1;Ryder to Watson, 1 run Watson hammers the drive towards long-on;
10.6;5w;Ryder to Watson, 5 wide Ryder's ruined a good over with a shocking ball down leg side. With McCullum standing up, he has no chance.;
10.5;?;Ryder to Watson, no run played back to the bowler once again;
10.4;?;Ryder to Watson, no run defended with a straight bat towards the bowler;
10.3;?;Ryder to Watson, no run driven from the crease towards cover. McCullum is standing up to the stumps;
10.2;?;Ryder to Watson, no run driven off the front foot towards the bowler again.;
10.1;?;Ryder to Watson, no run good length and rather straight. Played back to the bowler.;
9.6;?;McCullum to Haddin, no run played back to the bowler;
9.5;?;McCullum to Haddin, no run played on the off side from the crease;
9.4;4;McCullum to Haddin, FOUR runs sublime shot, all timing and placement. Haddin made a bit of room and simply eased the drive through the gap between cover and mid-off. Vettori gave chase but the ball kept gaining ground;
9.3;2;McCullum to Haddin, 2 runs played late off the back foot and the batsman places the drive in front of point;
9.2;1;McCullum to Watson, 1 run cut off the back foot towards deep point;
9.1;?;McCullum to Watson, no run flat delivery on middle stump, defended on the back foot;
8.6;?;Southee to Haddin, no run Haddin swings again and gets a bottom edge towards short fine leg;
8.5;?;Southee to Haddin, no run slightly slower from Southee and Haddin swings and misses. The ball thuds into McCullum's pads and goes towards short fine leg;
8.4;4;Southee to Haddin, FOUR runs fuller length on middle stump. Haddin opens up his stance and lofts the ball cleanly over wide mid-on for four more;
8.3;?;Southee to Haddin, no run good length delivery outside off, Haddin stands his ground this time and drives to cover;
8.2;4;Southee to Haddin, FOUR runs Haddin makes room for a short of a length delivery and carves it in the air and over point, there's no one in the deep so Australia pick up steam with another boundary;
8.1;1;Southee to Watson, 1 run full ball swinging into the pads and Watson flicks with power towards deep midwicket where Franklin does the fielding;
7.6;4;Bennett to Haddin, FOUR runs poor line and length, full on leg stump. Haddin glances it off his pads past a diving McCullum;
7.5;3;Bennett to Watson, 3 runs Watson punches the ball firmly down the ground and beats the fielder diving across from mid-on. Nathan McCullum tears after the ball from mid-off and dives full length, arms flailing in front of him, and pulls the ball back in just before the boundary;
7.4;4;Bennett to Watson, FOUR runs a slower ball but it's also a lovely full toss on leg stump at knee height. Watson waits and swats it to the long leg boundary;
7.3;?;Bennett to Watson, no run full ball outside off stump, Watson tries to drive and mis-times it towards point;
7.3;5w;Bennett to Watson, 5 wide poor ball, too full and too far down leg side. McCullum's dive can't prevent the five wides this time;
7.2;3;Bennett to Haddin, 3 runs strays on to leg this time and Haddin clips it off his pads towards deep midwicket. Williamson has to run around from deep square to field. Williamson is on the field for Styris.;
7.1;?;Bennett to Haddin, no run Bennett pins Haddin to the crease with pace from a good length. Haddin gets behind the line on off stump and blocks;
6.6;?;Southee to Watson, no run Watson stays in his crease and opens the face to guide a good length delivery angling towards him to the fielder at point;
6.5;?;Southee to Watson, no run defended on the back foot towards the bowler;
6.4;?;Southee to Watson, no run a loud appeal from Southee but the umpire, Kumar Dharmasena, says not out this time. Watson got hit in front while defending but there was a big inside edge;
6.3;?;Southee to Watson, no run fuller ball angling into the right-hander. Watson moves forward and drives towards mid-on;
6.2;1;Southee to Haddin, 1 run Haddin hints at making room again, but then stays rather motionless, and chops a short of a length ball towards third man;
6.1;1;Southee to Watson, 1 run Watson gets on to the front foot and drives a length delivery with power towards mid-off;
5.6;?;Bennett to Haddin, no run Haddin jumps back and across and flicks the ball firmly off his pads towards short fine leg;
5.5;?;Bennett to Haddin, no run full ball and down leg side, ripe for flicking, but Haddin can't make contact and gets hit on the pad;
5.4;?;Bennett to Haddin, no run defended from the crease once again towards the on side;
5.3;?;Bennett to Haddin, no run short of a length and straight. Haddin stays on the back foot and defends;
5.3;1w;Bennett to Haddin, 1 wide McCullum dives superbly to his left to prevent the wide down leg side from running to the boundary;
5.2;?;Bennett to Haddin, no run Bennett cramps Haddin for room with one that pitches around off and jags into the right-hander. Haddin fends the ball towards short fine leg;
5.1;2;Bennett to Haddin, 2 runs the first ball is full and on leg stump, Haddin picks it off his pads with a flick towards deep midwicket;
4.6;?;Southee to Watson, no run Watson gets tucked up by a short of a length delivery that rises a touch sharply into the mid-section. Watson wanted to work the ball through square but ended up defending it;
4.5;?;Southee to Watson, no run Southee pitched the ball outside off and seamed it into Watson, who tried to flick but missed. The ball struck the pad and Southee's appeal was upheld by the umpire. Watson asked for a review right away and replays show the ball going down leg side and over the stumps;
4.4;2;Southee to Watson, 2 runs Watson nudges the ball towards square leg for a risky double, Haddin was struggling at the non-striker's end had there been a direct hit;
4.3;1;Southee to Haddin, 1 run strays on to the pads this time and there's an easy single on offer after pushing the ball towards midwicket;
4.2;4;Southee to Haddin, FOUR runs short and wide, Haddin begins to create room and then realises he doesn't need to. He simply swats the ball through cover with perfect timing and placement;
4.1;?;Southee to Haddin, no run Haddin tries to make room to hit Southee through the off again but ends up having to play it back to the bowler;
3.6;1;Vettori to Haddin, 1 run played on the leg side off the front foot;
3.5;4;Vettori to Haddin, FOUR runs superb shot, Haddin didn't try to hit it too hard. He just looked to make contact and place it over the head of the fielder at mid-off, the timing's good enough to take the ball to the boundary;
3.4;1;Vettori to Watson, 1 run the sweep this time and a single to deep square leg;
3.3;2;Vettori to Watson, 2 runs a bit of room from Vettori and Watson plays a powerful square cut off the back foot towards deep point where Franklin can't prevent the second;
3.2;?;Vettori to Watson, no run defended on the leg side from deep in the crease;
3.1;1;Vettori to Haddin, 1 run Haddin stays in his crease and plays a square drive towards deep point;
2.6;?;Southee to Watson, no run good length ball angling into the right-hander, Watson stays in his crease and defends on the leg side;
2.5;1;Southee to Haddin, 1 run the slower ball pushed off the back foot towards mid-on for one;
2.4;?;Southee to Haddin, no run Haddin steps down and makes room once again to drive inside out through extra cover, this time he doesn't time it as well or find the gap;
2.3;?;Southee to Haddin, no run played on the off side from the crease;
2.2;4;Southee to Haddin, FOUR runs that didn't quite go where Haddin wanted it to but he's got the same result. He was aiming to go through midwicket with the flick but got a very thick inside edge through square leg, good timing on the shot;
2.1;1;Southee to Watson, 1 run Southee strays on to the pads again and Watson plays the good length ball towards midwicket;
1.6;1;Vettori to Watson, 1 run Watson moves deep into the crease and forces the ball towards wide mid-on off the back foot;
1.5;?;Vettori to Watson, no run pushed off the front foot towards point;
1.4;1;Vettori to Haddin, 1 run Haddin flicks the ball from a full length on middle towards midwicket;
1.3;1;Vettori to Watson, 1 run Watson pushes the ball off the front foot from middle stump towards wide mid-on for one;
1.2;?;Vettori to Watson, no run Watson strides forward and blocks with bat and pad close together;
1.1;?;Vettori to Watson, no run defended on the front foot towards the off;
0.6;4;Southee to Haddin, FOUR runs terrific footwork, Haddin jumps forward and towards leg to create room and drills the ball through extra cover with a powerful drive. It was a length delivery and Haddin simply hit through the line;
0.5;1;Southee to Watson, 1 run fuller ball on middle, Watson comes forward and flicks towards midwicket;
0.4;1;Southee to Haddin, 1 run a hint of shape away from the right-hander from a good length, Haddin pushes towards mid-off to get going;
0.3;?;Southee to Haddin, no run good length outside off stump again, considerable pace and bounce to the wicketkeeper after the batsman shoulders arms;
0.3;1w;Southee to Haddin, 1 wide another wayward ball down leg side, poor control from Southee;
0.2;1;Southee to Watson, 1 run Watson waits on the ball and opens the face to dab down to third man;
0.1;?;Southee to Watson, no run good length outside off stump, Watson comes forward to drive with power but mis-times the ball towards the bowler;
0.1;1w;Southee to Watson, 1 wide short ball to begin with, but the line is down leg side and that's a wide;

A few minutes away from the start of Australia's chase. It's unlikely that they'll be challenged too much on this pitch, but stranger things have happened. Will New Zealand open with Nathan McCullum?
Here's a far fetched though from Yohan: "In 2007, Sri Lanka was beaten by 1 wicket by South Africa, Malinga took 4 wickets in the end, the scores are quite similar in the first innings, can we see a repeat of 2007, maybe its Southee's day today?"
Watson and Haddin are at their respective ends. Watson to face ... and the new ball is in Tim Southee's hands. More sight screen issues, what a nuisance.
 Innings Start
New Zealand
Australia
8th Match, Group A, Nagpur, Feb 25 2011, ICC Cricket World Cup
206
207/3
Player of the match is Mitchell Johnson, AUS
Australia won by 7 wickets (with 96 balls remaining)
