Data
5.55 pm Starc ends with 11 wickets in three matches in this ODI series. Another sharp spell from him but really Hazlewood was the bowler of the innings. 8-1-18-2 does not truly tell the story of how often he beat the edge and on another day he would've taken at least twice as many wickets. The spinners played their part as well. No weak links in the Australia attack today.
Australia's batting lineup may have their hands full with Hosein and Walsh Jr on another pitch offering plenty of assistance to the bowlers but the visitors should still be heavy favorites to chase this down and claim another 10 points on the World Cup Super League points table. Stay with us for the start of the chase in due time.
45.1;W;Starc to Cottrell, OUT Starc was searching for a yorker but spears in a full toss at knee height on off stump at 142 kph. In truth it was a poor delivery but Cottrell shows what a tailender he is with an even worse attempt to stab it out. Flails at this while hopping away from the stumps and off stump is ripped out of the ground. The ball makes contact with the turf only after clanging into the timber.;Sheldon Cottrell b Starc 0 (20m 12b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
44.6;6;Zampa to Lewis, SIX runs meatball of a full toss on middle stump at thigh height, Lewis devours it in one bite chomping this high over the rope at wide long-on to bring up his 10th half-century in ODIs.;
44.5;?;Zampa to Lewis, no run googly lands short on fourth stump, rocks back to slap this to extra cover.;
44.4;1lb;Zampa to Cottrell, 1 leg bye zips this in flat and quick outside leg stump, misses a flick but it deflects off the thigh wide of Carey through fine leg to allow Lewis to get back on strike.;
44.3;?;Zampa to Cottrell, no run good length ball on off stump, Cottrell shuffles back and across to defend to midwicket.;
44.2;?;Zampa to Cottrell, no run full on leg stump, flicked out to Starc at short fine leg.;
44.1;?;Zampa to Cottrell, no run flighted full on middle, Cottrell flicks awkwardly to Agar at midwicket.;
43.6;?;Starc to Lewis, no run knee high full toss on the stumps, Lewis prods it back to Starc who misfields but the ball caroms to mid-off fast enough to prevent Cottrell from pinching a single in order to keep Lewis on strike.;
43.5;2;Starc to Lewis, 2 runs full on fifth stump, punches this through cover for an easy one and after some hesitation they decide to come back for a second that is on offer.;
43.4;?;Starc to Lewis, no run inswinging yorker on off stump, driven out to long-off, another single turned down.;
43.3;?;Starc to Lewis, no run Starc looking for yorker again, winds up as a knee high full toss on middle stump, patted back to mid-off conservatively to protect the No. 11.;
43.2;?;Starc to Lewis, no run yorker again on off stump at 145 kph, dug out again back to Starc.;
43.1;?;Starc to Lewis, no run yorker on off stump, dug out to backward point.;
42.6;?;Zampa to Cottrell, no run darts this in full outside leg stump, Cottrell flicks across and misses as it thuds off his boot. Maiden.;
42.5;?;Zampa to Cottrell, no run good length ball on fifth stump, defended.;
42.4;?;Zampa to Cottrell, no run good length ball defended again.;
42.3;?;Zampa to Cottrell, no run googly pitches full on fourth stump, a wild heave over midwicket misses and luckily for Cottrell so does the ball going past leg stump. Shades of Shannon Gabriel in the Test ending v Pakistan a few years back.;
42.2;?;Zampa to Cottrell, no run good length ball on fourth stump, shuffles across to get in line to defend.;
42.1;?;Zampa to Cottrell, no run good length ball on fifth stump, prods away to defend.;
41.6;?;Starc to Lewis, no run yorker on the stumps, dug out again but can't find a gap to keep strike. Cottrell will be exposed to start the next over.;
41.5;?;Starc to Lewis, no run full on off stump, defended to extra cover.;
41.4;?;Starc to Lewis, no run leg stump yorker dug out to midwicket.;
41.3;6;Starc to Lewis, SIX runs bouncer on the body, Lewis takes him on to hook this 146 kph ball high over backward square leg over the Australian dugout.;
41.2;?;Starc to Lewis, no run yorker speared into leg stump at 142 kph, Lewis late on a flick. Big lbw shout from Starc denied. It was missing leg but Australia can't review regardless.;
41.1;?;Starc to Lewis, no run bounces Lewis on fourth stump, tries to muscle a pull over square leg and turns down a single.;
40.6;?;Zampa to Cottrell, no run Cottrell prods awkwardly away from his body at a full ball on sixth stump, inside edge ricochets into his feet. Lucky not to drag onto the stumps.;
40.5;W;Zampa to Hosein, OUT googly looks like it's cleaned up Hosein with a stumping. Flighted beautifully on fourth stump to suck him forward trying to flick through midwicket but it spins past the shot and his back leg overstretches on the shot. Carey is razor sharp whipping the bails off with his toe still in the air trying to get back into his ground. Wonderfully set up and cleverly executed.;Akeal Hosein st ?Carey b Zampa 3 (14m 13b 0x4 0x6) SR: 23.07;
40.4;1;Zampa to Lewis, 1 run good length ball on middle, goes back to flick through the leg side.;
40.3;1;Zampa to Hosein, 1 run full on the legs, clipped wide of midwicket for one.;
40.2;?;Zampa to Hosein, no run full on fifth stump, driven to extra cover.;
40.1;?;Zampa to Hosein, no run full toss low on off stump, driven to mid-off.;
39.6;1;Hazlewood to Hosein, 1 run short ball on the stumps, hops up to defend and an inside edge squirts through square leg for a run to spoil a would-be maiden.;
39.5;?;Hazlewood to Hosein, no run fuller length on fourth stump, defended to mid-off.;
39.4;?;Hazlewood to Hosein, no run back of a length at 137 kph on sixth stump, left alone.;
39.3;?;Hazlewood to Hosein, no run nearly another wicket. Short ball at 133 kph on fifth stump climbs on Hosein and pings off the glove but fails to carry to Christian lunging forward at first slip.;
39.2;?;Hazlewood to Hosein, no run back of a length on fourth stump at 135 kph, defended again toward backward point.;
39.1;?;Hazlewood to Hosein, no run good length ball on fourth stump, defended into the ground before dribbling to slip.;
38.6;1;Starc to Hosein, 1 run full on the legs, flicked in the air over square leg.;
38.5;?;Starc to Hosein, no run good length ball on fifth stump, defended to point.;
38.4;?;Starc to Hosein, no run short ball on middle stump, defended.;
38.3;1lb;Starc to Lewis, 1 leg bye back of a length on the hips, swivels to pull and misses off the pads to square leg for a leg bye.;
38.2;W;Starc to Walsh, OUT Walsh Jr can't survive the next ball. Pitched up fuller on leg stump and tries to produce a booming drive over long-off but instead just skies a chance to mid-off on the ring. Henriques backpedals from the ring and pulls off a sharp catch reaching above his head. Makes up for a sloppy drop at mid-off on a much easier chance when Pooran was on 26 two nights earlier.;Hayden Walsh c Henriques b Starc 7 (16m 11b 1x4 0x6) SR: 63.63;
38.1;?;Starc to Walsh, no run unlucky not to claim a wicket here. Angled into Walsh Jr's hips short of a length at 145 kph, defended awkwardly with the bat way out in front of the body and a leading edge pops straight up but falls safely to Walsh Jr's left.;
37.6;?;Hazlewood to Lewis, no run good length ball on fourth stump, shuffles back and across to defend to extra cover.;
37.5;?;Hazlewood to Lewis, no run good length ball on leg stump, goes back to flick to midwicket and is late, stifled lbw shout as the ball was going down leg and the ball caroms to point for no run.;
37.4;1;Hazlewood to Walsh, 1 run full on off, driven firmly to long-off for one.;
37.3;4;Hazlewood to Walsh, FOUR runs overpitched on seventh stump, flays a drive square through backward point in the air at catching height but safely wide of the fielder on the ring to the rope.;
37.2;?;Hazlewood to Walsh, no run full on sixth stump, left alone.;
37.1;?;Hazlewood to Walsh, no run another beauty beats Walsh Jr. Good length on 133 kph on fourth stump, beats a forward prod.;
36.6;?;Turner to Lewis, no run flighted full on fourth stump, defended on the front foot into cover.;
36.5;?;Turner to Lewis, no run good length ball on fourth stump, goes back to punch to extra cover.;
36.4;?;Turner to Lewis, no run flighted full on off stump, defended.;
36.3;4;Turner to Lewis, FOUR runs full and straying down leg, Lewis sweeps powerfully behind square to the rope.;
36.2;1;Turner to Walsh, 1 run full on fourth stump, driven along the turf to long-off.;
36.1;1;Turner to Lewis, 1 run full on fourth stump, driven through extra cover's weak attempt to stop it and turns a dot into a single to long-off.;
35.6;?;Hazlewood to Walsh, no run back of a length on off stump, defended into short cover.;
35.5;?;Hazlewood to Walsh, no run beaten again! Fullish length on fourth stump, sucked into a drive but is late.;
35.4;?;Hazlewood to Walsh, no run another beauty! Good length angled in from around the wicket on that fifth stump line at 133 kph, Walsh Jr prods at it and is beaten.;
35.3;1;Hazlewood to Lewis, 1 run short on the body, Lewis is unfazed after a similar ball that sent him off earlier and pulls this firmly behind square for a single.;
35.2;1;Hazlewood to Walsh, 1 run good length ball on fourth stump, goes back and across in defense and a thick inside edge squirts through square leg for one to get off the mark.;
35.1;W;Hazlewood to Joseph, OUT gem first up! What a bowler! He went mostly unrewarded in that new-ball spell but strikes immediately here probing straightaway on the fourth stump channel with a good length ball at 136 kph. Joseph prods forward but this clips the edge and carries through comfortably to Carey. Not much else Joseph could've done there.;Alzarri Joseph c ?Carey b Hazlewood 15 (48m 42b 1x4 1x6) SR: 35.71;
34.6;?;Agar to Lewis, no run full on fourth stump, prods forward, inside edge into the pads negates a big lbw shout.;
34.5;?;Agar to Lewis, no run darts this in quicker and flatter on fifth stump, guided to backward point again.;
34.4;?;Agar to Lewis, no run short on sixth stump, slices a cut straight to backward point.;
34.3;?;Agar to Lewis, no run full on off, defended back to Agar.;
34.2;?;Agar to Lewis, no run good length ball on middle, goes back to defend but misses off the thigh.;
34.1;?;Agar to Lewis, no run good length ball on off, defended.;
33.6;?;Turner to Joseph, no run full on sixth stump, left alone.;
33.5;1;Turner to Lewis, 1 run low full toss on middle stump slapped to long-on.;
33.4;?;Turner to Lewis, no run good length ball on sixth stump, straightens and defended to point.;
33.3;1;Turner to Joseph, 1 run low full toss on off stump at shin height, prodded to mid-off.;
33.2;?;Turner to Joseph, no run full on off, prodded to mid-off.;
33.1;1;Turner to Lewis, 1 run full on off, flicked square for a single.;
32.6;?;Agar to Joseph, no run full on middle, defended to Agar.;
32.5;?;Agar to Joseph, no run full on off stump, goes back to defend, thick edge squirts to backward point.;
32.4;?;Agar to Joseph, no run full on the legs, flicked to midwicket.;
32.3;?;Agar to Joseph, no run fuller and quicker at 95 kph on off stump, defended to cover.;
32.2;?;Agar to Joseph, no run good length ball on middle, defended.;
32.1;1;Agar to Lewis, 1 run short on the legs, pulled firmly along the ground behind square.;
31.6;?;Turner to Joseph, no run comes forward and defends, slides off the face to backward point;
31.5;?;Turner to Joseph, no run flatter and quicker, played off the back foot to cover;
31.4;?;Turner to Joseph, no run very full outside off, driven to mid-off;
31.3;?;Turner to Joseph, no run fuller at the pads, nudged to midwicket;
31.2;4;Turner to Joseph, FOUR runs finds the gap wide of deep midwicket, dragged this from around off stump...excellent placement;
31.1;?;Turner to Joseph, no run stays round the wicket, pushed to cover;
30.6;?;Zampa to Lewis, no run well bowled, fuller outside off, beats the edge as he plays forward;
30.5;4;Zampa to Lewis, FOUR runs touch short outside off, Lewis leans back and square drives backward of point with the placement to beat the sweeper;
30.4;1;Zampa to Joseph, 1 run low full toss, driven to long-on;
30.3;?;Zampa to Joseph, no run defended to cover;
30.2;?;Zampa to Joseph, no run big appeal! That was a ripper from Zampa as it spun and bounced past the edge. Nearly bowled him as well. Actually clipped the back leg;
30.1;1;Zampa to Lewis, 1 run full at middle and leg, pushed down to long-on;
29.6;?;Turner to Joseph, no run played off the back foot to cover;
29.5;2;Turner to Joseph, 2 runs just over cover! A full delivery pushed wider outside off, Joseph drives and manages to clear the leaping cover fielder;
29.4;?;Turner to Joseph, no run straight, length delivery, defended;
29.3;?;Turner to Joseph, no run flicked off the pads backward of square;
29.2;?;Turner to Joseph, no run driven square into the off side;
29.2;1w;Turner to Joseph, 1 wide down the leg side, left alone;
29.1;1;Turner to Lewis, 1 run works a straight delivery into midwicket;
28.6;?;Zampa to Joseph, no run full at middle, 93kph, defended. Good contest.;
28.5;?;Zampa to Joseph, no run good length at off stump, a slower googly, defended;
28.4;6;Zampa to Joseph, SIX runs gets the distance on this! Into the stands. A clean swing through the line of a full delivery over long-on;
28.3;?;Zampa to Joseph, no run flicked in the air, just short of midwicket;
28.3;1w;Zampa to Joseph, 1 wide slips the googly down the leg side;
28.2;?;Zampa to Joseph, no run trapped on the back foot, huge appeal for lbw! It goes on and on. Joel Wilson says not out and Carey calls the review. Did he trap this off the inside edge? Yes, big inside edge;
28.1;1;Zampa to Lewis, 1 run punched off the back foot down to long-off;
27.6;?;Turner to Joseph, no run fuller and very wide outside off...close to being called;
27.5;?;Turner to Joseph, no run shorter and played off the back foot;
27.4;?;Turner to Joseph, no run pushed across outside off, makes a late decision to pull the bat away;
27.3;?;Turner to Joseph, no run round the wicket to the right hander, defends a length delivery;
27.2;1;Turner to Lewis, 1 run beats the short cover this time as he drives down the ground;
27.1;?;Turner to Lewis, no run round the wicket, full and straight, driven to short cover;
26.6;?;Starc to Joseph, no run touch fuller, Joseph is across the crease and defends;
26.5;?;Starc to Joseph, no run round the wicket, good length angling in at off stump, defended;
26.4;1;Starc to Lewis, 1 run good length outside off, a thick edge down to third man;
26.3;?;Starc to Lewis, no run full at off stump, 142kph, defended back to Starc who may have offered a few words to Lewis;
26.3;1w;Starc to Lewis, 1 wide short, down the leg side...a bit of pressure back on Starc;
26.2;4;Starc to Lewis, FOUR runs that's a beauty! Back of a length outside off, a technically perfect back foot square drive through point;
26.1;6;Starc to Lewis, SIX runs all the way! That's quite a shot from Lewis...full outside off, he goes up and over the off side. Not sure he quite got it cleanly, either;
25.6;?;Zampa to Joseph, no run full and driven to mid-off;
25.5;?;Zampa to Joseph, no run a slower googly outside off, defended on the back foot;
25.4;?;Zampa to Joseph, no run off the back foot to cover;
25.3;1;Zampa to Lewis, 1 run driven firmly to short cover who parries it behind him;
25.2;?;Zampa to Lewis, no run extra bounce from quite a full length, Lewis whips the bottom hand off the bat;
25.1;?;Zampa to Lewis, no run over the wicket, full and straight, back to the bowler;
24.6;1;Starc to Lewis, 1 run worked off the stumps down to fine leg;
24.6;1w;Starc to Lewis, 1 wide a short ball over leg stump...late call of wide;
24.5;1;Starc to Joseph, 1 run full, angled into the pads, clipped to deep square leg;
24.4;?;Starc to Joseph, no run back of a length outside off, worked towards square leg;
24.3;?;Starc to Joseph, no run fuller at the stumps, tucked into midwicket;
24.2;?;Starc to Joseph, no run round the wicket, short of a length outside off, Joseph plays a forcing shot off the back foot and is beaten;
24.1;1;Starc to Lewis, 1 run worked off the pads to deep square leg;
23.6;?;Zampa to Joseph, no run another googly which is played unconvincingly, takes an inside edge into the pad and bobbles down;
23.5;W;Zampa to Holder, OUT cleans him up! Another poor stroke. Full at middle and leg, Holder swipes across the line and it takes the top of leg stump;Jason Holder b Zampa 5 (23m 15b 1x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
23.4;?;Zampa to Holder, no run full at middle and leg, takes an inside edge into square leg;
23.3;?;Zampa to Holder, no run a googly, not sure he read it from the hand, defended on the back foot;
23.2;?;Zampa to Holder, no run on the back foot and plays into the covers;
23.1;?;Zampa to Holder, no run presses forward, takes a thick inside edge backward of square;
22.6;?;Starc to Lewis, no run gets squared up a touch as he defends on the back foot;
22.5;?;Starc to Lewis, no run back of a length outside off, left alone;
22.4;?;Starc to Lewis, no run pops off a length, Lewis takes his bottom hand off the bat as he fends into midwicket;
22.3;4;Starc to Lewis, FOUR runs short of a length, pushed down the leg side, tickled wide of the diving keeper;
22.2;?;Starc to Lewis, no run tests his with a bouncer straightaway, sails over his head;
22.1;W;Starc to Pollard, OUT strikes first ball! What a change of bowling. Over the wicket, full at off stump, goes for the drive and lofts it to cover as he slices across the shot. Dangerous stroke on this surface;Kieron Pollard c Turner b Starc 11 (34m 24b 0x4 1x6) SR: 45.83;
21.6;1;Zampa to Pollard, 1 run stretches forward and pushes down the ground to long-on;
21.5;?;Zampa to Pollard, no run onto the front foot, defended to the leg side;
21.4;?;Zampa to Pollard, no run pops off the pad and loops in the air, taken at slip as he comes behind the keeper;
21.3;4b;Zampa to Pollard, 4 byes a beauty! Almost does him again. Slides on past the inside edge as he comes forward, bounces over the stumps and beats Carey. Christian almost does brilliantly to flick it back but it went into his other hand as he touched the rope;
21.2;?;Zampa to Pollard, no run extra bounce on this from back of a length, Pollard adjusts and plays it square;
21.1;?;Zampa to Pollard, no run pushed through at leg stump, defended to midwicket;
20.6;?;Agar to Holder, no run touch shorter outside off, on the back foot and opens the face to point;
20.5;?;Agar to Holder, no run pushes into the off-side ring;
20.4;?;Agar to Holder, no run keeps it full, blocked;
20.3;?;Agar to Holder, no run plays with bat in front of pad, into the off side;
20.2;?;Agar to Holder, no run back on a full length at middle, defended;
20.1;4;Agar to Holder, FOUR runs dropped in short outside off, Holder doesn't miss out as he rocks back and pulls to deep midwicket;
19.6;1;Zampa to Holder, 1 run driven down to long-off;
19.5;?;Zampa to Holder, no run full and straight, defended;
19.4;1;Zampa to Pollard, 1 run short of deep midwicket! Dragged this from outside off without timing it, the bat face closed as he came across the ball;
19.3;?;Zampa to Pollard, no run lunges onto the front foot and pushes to the bowler;
19.2;?;Zampa to Pollard, no run plays back, looking to force this away, takes a thick inside edge into the pads;
19.1;?;Zampa to Pollard, no run good length outside off, pushed firmly into the covers;
18.6;?;Agar to Holder, no run slower this time, full outside off, hint of turn and left alone;
18.5;?;Agar to Holder, no run pushed through at 96kph, played into midwicket;
18.4;1;Agar to Pollard, 1 run fuller, worked into space at midwicket;
18.3;?;Agar to Pollard, no run round the wicket, tapped off the pads to the on side;
18.2;W;Agar to Bravo, OUT carved high in the air, taken at point! Poor choice from Bravo given the situation. Trying to go down the ground as he did earlier, slices off a thick outer part of the bat. He knew straightaway;Darren Bravo c Philippe b Agar 18 (46m 36b 0x4 1x6) SR: 50;
18.1;?;Agar to Bravo, no run full outside off, defended;
17.6;?;Zampa to Pollard, no run good stride forward and defends to the off side;
17.5;?;Zampa to Pollard, no run very full, dug out back to the bowler;
17.4;1;Zampa to Bravo, 1 run full on the pads, worked to deep square leg;
17.3;2;Zampa to Bravo, 2 runs fuller, a googly, he pushes forward and it slides off a thick outside edge wide of slip;
17.2;?;Zampa to Bravo, no run beaten again...this zips through and there's some extra bounce as well;
17.1;?;Zampa to Bravo, no run nice start...lands it on a length outside off, beats the edge as Bravo comes forward;
16.6;?;Agar to Pollard, no run a flatter delivery, not quite so full, Pollard comes forward and defends;
16.5;6;Agar to Pollard, SIX runs opens his shoulders! Thumps a full delivery over wide long-on. Enough with the prodding;
16.4;2;Agar to Pollard, 2 runs worked off the pads through square leg, gets it into space for a second;
16.3;1;Agar to Bravo, 1 run fuller at the stumps, clipped down to long-on;
16.2;?;Agar to Bravo, no run nudges with the turn wide of short leg;
16.1;?;Agar to Bravo, no run outside off, defended into midwicket;
15.6;?;Turner to Pollard, no run short and wide, slaps a cut straight to cover to cap a maiden.;
15.5;?;Turner to Pollard, no run full on middle, defended.;
15.4;?;Turner to Pollard, no run full and a foot outside leg stump, Pollard again tries to flick this through fine leg and again gets a leading edge nearly turning it into a return catch to Turner.;
15.3;?;Turner to Pollard, no run Turner slants this across fifth stump on a good length, Pollard pokes away from his body and is beaten.;
15.2;?;Turner to Pollard, no run full outside leg stump, Pollard tries to flick to square leg, leading edge goes to cover.;
15.1;?;Turner to Pollard, no run full on off, defended on the front foot back to Turner.;
14.6;?;Agar to Bravo, no run back of a length on off stump, defended to mid-on.;
14.6;1w;Agar to Bravo, 1 wide full and drifting down leg, wide called.;
14.5;?;Agar to Bravo, no run full on off stump at 94 kph, defended.;
14.4;?;Agar to Bravo, no run zipped in flatter and fuller on a good length on off, defended.;
14.3;?;Agar to Bravo, no run flighted full on fifth stump turning in to beat a flick across the line, but hit outside off stump so no appeal.;
14.2;?;Agar to Bravo, no run good length ball defended.;
14.1;?;Agar to Bravo, no run good length ball on off stump, Bravo shuffles across to defend and is hit very high. Stifled lbw appeal denied.;
13.6;W;Turner to Pooran, OUT my goodness! Bowled without offering a shot in a limited overs match?!?! Turner has been slanting every ball in from very wide of the crease and getting decent turn to most deliveries. Pooran strides forward to this ball that pitches on fifth stump on a good length and shoulders arms expecting it to straighten safely wide of off stump but it skids on as an arm ball and pings back off stump. It clips the very top of off to kick off the bails.;Nicholas Pooran b Turner 3 (7m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 42.85;
13.5;?;Turner to Pooran, no run full on fourth stump, driven to extra cover.;
13.4;1;Turner to Bravo, 1 run full on fifth stump, driven firmly to the point sweeper.;
13.3;1;Turner to Pooran, 1 run full on middle and leg, swept firmly to deep backward square along the turf.;
13.2;1;Turner to Bravo, 1 run full on off stump, flicked through midwicket for a long single.;
13.1;?;Turner to Bravo, no run full on leg stump, defended back to Turner.;
12.6;?;Agar to Pooran, no run good length ball zipped in flatter and quicker on off stump, goes back to defend.;
12.5;?;Agar to Pooran, no run good length ball on the legs, goes back to flick and comes off the thigh guard just wide of Wade at forward short leg.;
12.4;2;Agar to Pooran, 2 runs flighted full on leg stump, goes to sweep and a top edge bobs up off the glove and just clears leg slip before going through fine leg for a pair.;
12.3;?;Agar to Pooran, no run good length ball on fifth stump defended to the off side.;
12.2;W;Agar to Hope, OUT flight from Agar produces the edge to backward point! Agar kept on flighting these deliveries on fourth stump on a fullish length that Hope habitually groped at and this is yet another one where Hope pushes much too far in front of his body not really trying to score. The hard-handed shot balloons in the air between short third man and backward point but it is Marsh at backward point who charges forward and dives to pluck this inches from the ground.;Shai Hope c Marsh b Agar 14 (58m 35b 0x4 0x6) SR: 40;
12.1;?;Agar to Hope, no run full on middle, prods forward and pushes to extra cover.;
11.6;?;Turner to Bravo, no run full again on fourth stump, smothered with a front foot defense.;
11.5;?;Turner to Bravo, no run full on fourth stump, smothered on the front foot.;
11.4;2;Turner to Bravo, 2 runs good length ball straying on the legs, flicked through fine leg for a pair.;
11.3;?;Turner to Bravo, no run full on fourth stump, defended again.;
11.2;?;Turner to Bravo, no run full on fourth stump again with Turner slanting this in from wide of the crease, defended to backward point.;
11.1;?;Turner to Bravo, no run full on fourth stump, Bravo prods forward and it spins past the edge. Appeal from Carey but it was bat on ground.;
10.6;?;Agar to Hope, no run full on off stump, smothered on the front foot.;
10.5;?;Agar to Hope, no run full on the legs, defended back to Agar's right.;
10.4;?;Agar to Hope, no run flighted more on fourth stump, Hope presses forward and it rips past the edge with sharp turn.;
10.3;1;Agar to Bravo, 1 run full on off, punched to long-on.;
10.2;1;Agar to Hope, 1 run full on middle, driven firmly past extra cover to long-off.;
10.1;?;Agar to Hope, no run good length ball on off, defended to square leg.;
9.6;1;Hazlewood to Hope, 1 run fullish length on off stump, pushes forward again and a thick inside edge goes into midwicket for one.;
9.5;?;Hazlewood to Hope, no run beaten! Full on fifth stump at 131 kph, sucks Hope forward prodding and it seams away late to beat the edge.;
9.4;1;Hazlewood to Bravo, 1 run back of a length on off stump, Bravo goes back again to flick one-handed behind square for another single.;
9.3;1;Hazlewood to Hope, 1 run good length ball on fourth stump, Hope goes back to defend, thick edge goes to ground wide of slip and is misfielded to allow a single.;
9.2;?;Hazlewood to Hope, no run back of a length on sixth stump, defended to backward point.;
9.1;1;Hazlewood to Bravo, 1 run back of a length on off stump at 134 kph, flicked off the back foot one-handed behind square.;
8.6;1;Agar to Bravo, 1 run full on middle and leg, flicked through square leg for a long single fielded on the rope by deep square leg.;
8.5;?;Agar to Bravo, no run good length ball on off, defended.;
8.4;?;Agar to Bravo, no run good length ball on off, defended.;
8.4;1w;Agar to Bravo, 1 wide good length ball on middle spins down leg for a wide.;
8.3;6;Agar to Bravo, SIX runs full on fifth stump, Bravo launches a prodigious blast over long-on hitting with the spin, doesn't even bother looking up to see how far it's gone. That was six as soon as it made contact.;
8.2;?;Agar to Bravo, no run full on middle, defended.;
8.1;1;Agar to Hope, 1 run full on middle, Hope backs away from leg and then drives firmly to long-off.;
7.6;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run fullish length on fifth stump at 136 kph, stride forward and another leave by Bravo.;
7.5;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run bouncer over leg stump at 136 kph, ducked under by Bravo.;
7.4;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run back of a length on fifth stump again at 130 kph, Bravo goes back to defend and a thick edge floats short of backward point.;
7.3;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run good length ball on sixth stump, Bravo shuffles across to shoulder arms.;
7.2;W;Hazlewood to Hetmyer, OUT Hazlewood strikes to remove another batsman with this around the wicket angle back of a length. Hazlewood bangs this in on a fifth stump line, enough width to tempt Hetmyer into a back foot punch but there's a touch of variable bounce and it disrupts Hetmyer enough to produce an inside edge dragging onto the stumps. Hetmyer shapes like he wanted to swing his bat and destroy the stumps in frustration before opting to walk off in silence instead.;Shimron Hetmyer b Hazlewood 6 (16m 10b 1x4 0x6) SR: 60;
7.1;1;Hazlewood to Hope, 1 run full on off stump at 139 kph, punched back past the non-striker to mid-on for one.;
6.6;1;Agar to Hope, 1 run short on leg stump at 88 kph, goes back to flick behind square for one.;
6.5;?;Agar to Hope, no run flighted wider again at 81 kph on fifth stump, driven hard to extra cover.;
6.4;?;Agar to Hope, no run darted in flat and full at 96 kph on middle, stabbed out back to Agar.;
6.3;?;Agar to Hope, no run flighted full and wide at 89 kph on sixth stump, drives this to extra cover.;
6.2;?;Agar to Hope, no run full on fourth stump darted in quick at 109 kph, thick edge goes to backward point.;
6.1;1;Agar to Hetmyer, 1 run full on the legs, flicks this wide of square leg for one.;
5.6;?;Hazlewood to Hope, no run beauty! Good length ball angled in on fourth stump at 133 kph, Hope presses forward and is beaten.;
5.5;1;Hazlewood to Hetmyer, 1 run fullish length on fourth stump at 130 kph, drives hard at this and a thick edge goes to deep third man for one.;
5.4;?;Hazlewood to Hetmyer, no run good length ball on sixth stump at 131 kph, seams away with some extra bounce to beat an attempted cut.;
5.3;?;Hazlewood to Hetmyer, no run full on off stump, defended.;
5.2;?;Hazlewood to Hetmyer, no run full on fourth stump at 135 kph, driven firmly to extra cover.;
5.1;?;Hazlewood to Hetmyer, no run full on off stump at 134 kph, defended.;
4.6;?;Starc to Hope, no run short on the stumps at 144 kph, Hope ducks under it safely.;
4.5;1lb;Starc to Hetmyer, 1 leg bye back of a length on the hips at 146 kph, flicks this in the air over fine leg for one.;
4.4;4;Starc to Hetmyer, FOUR runs overpitched on sixth stump at 145 kph, enough width for Hetmyer to flay a square drive through backward point to the rope.;
4.3;?;Starc to Hetmyer, no run full on off stump at 144 kph, defended to mid-on.;
4.2;1;Starc to Hope, 1 run short on sixth stump, flat bats this back down the pitch, Starc misfields it bursting off his hand off a bounce and goes over the stumps to mid-off for one.;
4.1;?;Starc to Hope, no run full and wide, mistimes a shot into the off side.;
3.6;?;Hazlewood to Lewis, no run top edge into the helmet! Hazlewood bangs it in short on the body, Lewis tries to pull and it comes off the bat into the helmet. Lewis looks a touch woozy. He claims he's okay when Hazlewood asks him but that's not exactly convincing. Physio comes out for a concussion check. The ball pinged him right above the grill straight into the forehead part of the helmet.;
3.5;?;Hazlewood to Lewis, no run back of a length on fourth stump at 132 kph, a touch of extra bounce climbs into the shoulder of the bat on Lewis' back foot defense.;
3.4;?;Hazlewood to Lewis, no run back of a length ball on off stump, defended.;
3.3;4;Hazlewood to Lewis, FOUR runs Glorious shot! Back of a length on fifth stump at 140 kph, crunching square drive from Lewis beats backward point and finally West Indies have their first boundary.;
3.2;?;Hazlewood to Lewis, no run short on the body, goes to pull and a deflection goes down the leg side to Carey. Big appeal given not out. Live it looked like it came off the glove. It slowed up as it passed Lewis. Carey calls for the DRS review. In fact the ball has come off the thigh guard. Umpire Leslie Reifer Jr's not out decision is vindicated. Australia lose a review.;
3.1;?;Hazlewood to Lewis, no run back of a length on fourth stump at 134 kph, defended.;
2.6;?;Starc to Hope, no run back of a length on seventh stump at 145 kph, left alone again.;
2.5;?;Starc to Hope, no run Starc drags this wider on the guideline at 145 kph on a full length, Hope leaves it believing it might be called a wide but the umpire lets it go.;
2.4;2;Starc to Hope, 2 runs overpitched on sixth stump, driven firmly through the covers but more off the toe of the bat than the middle and it slows up before the rope.;
2.3;?;Starc to Hope, no run full on the stumps, defended to mid-on.;
2.2;1;Starc to Lewis, 1 run back of a length on fourth stump at 143 kph, punches this behind point off the back foot and cut off at deep third man.;
2.1;?;Starc to Lewis, no run back of a length on fifth stump, left alone.;
1.6;?;Hazlewood to Hope, no run back of a length on off stump at 136 kph, defended into the off side.;
1.5;?;Hazlewood to Hope, no run good length ball tighter on fourth stump at 140 kph, defended to cover.;
1.4;?;Hazlewood to Hope, no run back of a length on sixth stump swinging away and left alone.;
1.3;?;Hazlewood to Hope, no run full on seventh stump, Hope reaches out and drives square to backward point.;
1.2;?;Hazlewood to Hope, no run back of a length on fourth stump, defended to cover.;
1.1;?;Hazlewood to Hope, no run good length ball on seventh stump at 139 kph, left alone.;
0.6;?;Starc to Lewis, no run good length ball on middle stump at 143 kph, defended to mid-on.;
0.5;?;Starc to Lewis, no run good length ball on off stump at 147 kph, defended back to Starc.;
0.4;3;Starc to Hope, 3 runs full on fourth stump at 142 kph, punched on the up back down the ground again and Wade chases from mid-off to corral it before the rope for three.;
0.3;?;Starc to Hope, no run full and wider on sixth stump, Hope miscues a drive into the off side ring.;
0.2;2;Starc to Hope, 2 runs full inswinger on fifth stump at 144 kph, Hope punches this straight down the ground past mid-off for a pair, not timed well enough to reach the rope.;
0.1;1lb;Starc to Lewis, 1 leg bye full and tailing into leg stump at 148 kph, Lewis overbalances missing a flick and it comes off his pads behind square for a leg bye.;
0.1;1w;Starc to Lewis, 1 wide full and swinging down leg at 144 kph. Extra marks the first run of the match.;

The players are out in the middle and have taken a knee once again before the start of play. Starc has the new ball in hand. Two slips in place bowling over the stumps to Lewis. Hope off strike.
Leroy: "Happy to see Mohammed out, Bravo has not made any runs for WI team for some time now so we all will be watching." Pressure is on Darren Bravo for sure.
Earl: "I just checked Darren Bravo's ODI record and it seems he should be batting at 5. He has an avg. of 44 and strike rate of 82 at that position"
2.02 pm West Indies have won the toss and chosen to bat first.
Australia XI: 1 Moises Henriques, 2 Josh Philippe, 3 Mitchell Marsh, 4 Alex Carey (capt/wk), 5 Matthew Wade, 6 Ashton Turner, 7 Dan Christian, 8 Ashton Agar, 9 Mitchell Starc, 10 Adam Zampa, 11 Josh Hazlewood.
So three changes for Australia. Christian, Ashton Agar and Hazlewood in for Ben McDermott, Riley Meredith and Wes Agar.
West Indies XI: 1 Evin Lewis, 2 Shai Hope (wk), 3 Shimron Hetmyer, 4 Darren Bravo, 5 Nicholas Pooran, 6 Kieron Pollard (capt), 7 Jason Holder, 8 Alzarri Joseph, 9 Hayden Walsh Jr., 10 Akeal Hosein, 11 Sheldon Cottrell.
The people have had their voices heard. Hetmyer returns for Mohammed.
1.30 pm Hello and welcome to the series finale in this three-match Cricket World Cup ODI Super League slate at Kensington Oval between West Indies and Australia. I'm Peter Della Penna and I'll be joined later on once again by Andrew McGlashan. After Australia romped to victory in the first ODI behind a five-wicket haul from Mitchell Starc, West Indies fought back to level the series behind a half-century from Nicholas Pooran. Can the hosts win again today to pull off the T20I and ODI series double against Australia? Here's Andrew McGlashan's match preview.
Max: "Really hope Hetty gets a game today." That's been a hot topic throughout the series. Will Hetmyer get recalled in place of Jason Mohammed?
 Innings Start
8.50 pm Australia win the series 2-1, but more importantly take 20 out of 30 World Cup Super League Qualifying points. The speed of victory tonight also gives them a hefty boost to their net run rate while the West Indies take a considerable hit in the same tiebreaker column. Wade ends unbeaten with 51, Starc took three wickets to end with best figures on the night, but if you ask me the Man of the Match should go to either Agar or Hazlewood. Agar bowled a superb spell of left-arm spin and finished with 2 for 31 in 10 overs before contributing with a very handy 19 not out to hold up an end for Wade to seal the chase as they clinched the game with an unbroken 54-run fifth-wicket stand. But Hazlewood's spell of 2 for 18 in eight overs was simply marvelous.
Ashton Agar is Player of the Match: "It's pretty favorable conditions for a spinner. You just had to get your length right and as long as you were hitting the stumps for the right-hander and pitching the ball to a left-hander where it's spinning in and hitting the stumps to bring all modes of dismissal into play, that's all you can do and you let the pitch go to work. It's always nice to do it in the last game of a series. We really wanted to win a series being away from a long time, being cooped up in your rooms, you just want to come out and win a series. Personally it's very pleasing but I'm much happier to go celebrate with the boys later. It's very special. Really difficult conditions, really interesting style of cricket that was played. You don't get many pitches like that and I hope we end up seeing a lot more like that in the future."
West Indies captain Kieron Pollard: "We didn't bat well. Winning the toss, yes the wicket was a bit tacky and I thought we did the hard work in the early overs but we weren't able to string partnerships together. 153 was never going to be enough. 200-220 on that track might have been a fighting total. For us it has been challenging. We accept that we haven't batted well throughout this series. Coming from the T20 series, the difference in the strokeplay was evident. Coming here to Barbados, I think both teams struggled on the pitch and I think that's unacceptable for international cricket. We're not going to make excuses. We accept that we batted badly but I don't think the scores that we have gotten in this three-match series, with two top international teams, I think that's very embarrassing for us as a people. Coming from St Lucia to this, I think it's absolutely ridiculous. It was plain for the world to see. If I continue going on about it, it's going to be headlines, 'Pollard this, Pollard that.' That's fine with me. But the reality is, we as players sometimes we get the brunt of the accusations and all the bad stuff. But give guys the opportunity to come and play on some good cricketing wickets. It goes back even to our regional cricket as well. I think as a whole we need to do better and we as individuals need to do better as well. So we're not going to cast blame. We're going to accept responsibility as well. But I think as a holistic approach and holistic view to move forward. You can use depleted, you can use second string, but this Australian team, these guys are passionate about their cricket. I've had the opportunity to play with Alex at Adelaide Strikers and he has a good head on his shoulders. I think leadership suits him. Long may it continue for him. Well played to the Australians and we look to see where we can come back strong."
Not so subtle critique of the pitches in Barbados from captain Pollard!
Player of the Series is Mitchell Starc for his 11 wickets: "There's plenty of ups and downs. I think it's part of our experience in the team is our bowling group. I think that showed today with the ball in the first innings and I think our batting unit learned from the other night and it was fantastic to grit it out and get home tonight. It's a point of difference of mine is being left-arm and being able to bowl at a decent click for most of the game. So that's part of my role in the team and something that I try to continue to do. It helps when I've got Josh at the other end who is so consistent all the time and the spinning quality that we have as well. A lot of things went pretty well for us tonight. I think we learned from the other night where we got outplayed on the conditions and Matty Wade went well for us with the bat. It's nice to contribute and fantastic for this young group to win a series away from home. It was probably not the series we wanted in the T20s but to play some really good cricket throughout the one-day series was really good for this group."
Australia captain Alex Carey: "Personally and collectively it's really exciting. It's tough to leave home during a pandemic and the commitment that this group has shown, it's fantastic to see a result go our way tonight. The T20s didn't go our way but that's some great reward for a lot of commitment shown to the group. I thought the bowlers did a great job. I think there were some good innings throughout the series. It was a little bit ugly tonight but you've got to get a total like that a little bit ugly when the wicket is doing a fair bit and we bounced back from the other night. We understood the conditions and for the batters to score 150, it was a great target to get. It's pretty nice to throw the new ball to Hazlewood and Starc. Ashton Agar coming into the group was fantastic today. Adam Zampa throughout the last 24 months has been brilliant. Ashton Turner did a great job as well in these conditions. We've been working really hard since we've been in the West Indies. Like I said it's exciting and a great reward for the effort we put in. It's very exciting to lead the group to a series win here in the West Indies."
Well, Ashton Agar said he can't wait to bowl on a pitch like this again. Kieron Pollard... not so much! His quotes will give observers inside and outside the West Indies plenty to chew on until the T20I series with Pakistan gets underway in a few days time. But this wraps up Australia's tour of the region. Thanks for tuning into our coverage. For Andrew McGlashan, I'm Peter Della Penna. Take care!
30.3;1;Pooran to Wade, 1 run full on off stump, pokes this with soft hands into the covers and scampers a single to beat Walsh Jr's charge, scoop and underhand flick toward the non-striker's stumps. Australia clinch a dominant six-wicket win with 19.3 overs to spare.;
30.2;4;Pooran to Wade, FOUR runs dropped! Sloppy full toss from Pooran at rib height on sixth stump, Wade slaps this to extra cover and it carries at shin height to the man on the ring. Darren Bravo is half-asleep with the match one shot away from ending and reacts very late, falls to his right getting hands to it but it bursts through and goes all the way to the rope. Wade brings up his half-century off the drop.;
30.1;1;Pooran to Agar, 1 run full and wide, driven to the cover sweeper.;
29.6;?;Walsh to Wade, no run flighted full on fourth stump, defended to backward point.;
29.5;?;Walsh to Wade, no run short on sixth stump, goes back to punch to extra cover.;
29.4;?;Walsh to Wade, no run good length ball on fifth stump, Wade premeditates a sweep and misses. No wide called as it spins down leg.;
29.3;4;Walsh to Wade, FOUR runs googly again lands short outside off, he goes back to cut in front of point and it bounces away to the rope.;
29.2;?;Walsh to Wade, no run googly lands full outside leg stump, Wade goes to tickle it fine but it spins across the bat face to produce a leading edge lobbing up just short of point.;
29.1;6;Walsh to Wade, SIX runs flighted full on fourth stump at 86 kph, Wade slog sweeps this with the turn high and deep over square leg, landing in the first row of the grandstand.;
28.6;1;Holder to Wade, 1 run back of a length on fifth stump, opens the face to run this to deep third man.;
28.5;1;Holder to Agar, 1 run short on fifth stump, cuts this again and finally finds a gap in front of point for one.;
28.4;?;Holder to Agar, no run good length ball on middle at 118 kph, offcutter, defended.;
28.3;?;Holder to Agar, no run short of a length on fifth stump, Agar slaps this to backward point again.;
28.2;?;Holder to Agar, no run good length on fifth stump, guides this to backward point.;
28.1;?;Holder to Agar, no run back of a length on fourth stump, defended to cover.;
27.6;?;Walsh to Wade, no run short on off stump, goes back to flick into square leg but can't pick a gap.;
27.5;?;Walsh to Wade, no run good length ball on off stump, onto the back foot and defended to midwicket.;
27.4;?;Walsh to Wade, no run good length ball on middle, prods forward and the ball balloons up to Hope's right. He trots over to claim a catch and Leslie Reifer Jr gives it out. Wade calls for DRS immediately. Replays show the ball fizzing clearly past the bat and straight off the pad up into the air, no bat involved. It's Leslie Reifer Jr's turn to have a decision overturned now. Not out. Wade stays.;
27.3;?;Walsh to Wade, no run flighted full on fourth stump, smothered on the front foot.;
27.2;6;Walsh to Wade, SIX runs no mercy! Half-tracker on the stumps at 85 kph, sits up for Wade to rock back to slaughter high and deep over midwicket, over the roof and out of the ground. Biggest hit of the match. Gregory Brathwaite trots out with a bag of replacement balls to choose from.;
27.1;1;Walsh to Agar, 1 run short on fifth stump, rocks back and slaps it to long-on.;
26.6;?;Holder to Wade, no run another short ball on fourth stump at 124 kph pings Wade in the gloves before falling short of point.;
26.5;?;Holder to Wade, no run short ball on off stump, Wade hops up to defend and is pinged on the gloves before the ball loops behind point.;
26.4;1;Holder to Agar, 1 run back of a length on fifth stump, driven on the up through point to the sweeper for one.;
26.3;?;Holder to Agar, no run good length ball angled into fifth stump, defended on the front foot to Walsh Jr.;
26.2;4;Holder to Agar, FOUR runs short and wide, poor ball from Holder at 122 kph, sat up to be whacked and Agar did just that, flaying it high over backward point, cover sweeper had no chance.;
26.1;1;Holder to Wade, 1 run short on sixth stump, taps this with an open face behind point.;
25.6;?;Hosein to Agar, no run full and wide, prods this to point.;
25.5;4;Hosein to Agar, FOUR runs short ball on fifth stump, he actually bowled a wrist-spinner turning away, Agar heaves a flat pull toward Pollard at midwicket in the ring, cries of catch but it clears Pollard by a few yards.;
25.4;?;Hosein to Agar, no run good length ball on fifth stump blocked to point.;
25.3;?;Hosein to Agar, no run good length ball defended.;
25.2;1;Hosein to Wade, 1 run pitches on seventh stump on a good length and rips in very very sharply to middle stump, Wade goes back to flick through midwicket for one.;
25.1;?;Hosein to Wade, no run good length ball on off, Wade shuffles across to defend.;
24.6;?;Walsh to Agar, no run short on fifth stump, rocks back to pull but scuffs this back into the ground to Walsh Jr.;
24.5;?;Walsh to Agar, no run very full on off stump at 81 kph, defended out to extra cover.;
24.4;?;Walsh to Agar, no run zips this in flatter and wider on seventh stump on a very full length, tries to drive this and drags it off the toe into the keeper's feet.;
24.3;?;Walsh to Agar, no run flighted very full on middle, jammed out back to Walsh Jr.;
24.2;4;Walsh to Agar, FOUR runs flighted too full on middle stump, steps forward and drives inside out through extra cover and pierces the gap between mid-off to the rope.;
24.1;1;Walsh to Wade, 1 run flighted full on sixth stump at 86 kph, powerful sweep along the turf to deep square leg.;
23.6;?;Hosein to Agar, no run round the wicket, touch short on the pads, finds midwicket again;
23.5;?;Hosein to Agar, no run straighter, played into midwicket;
23.4;?;Hosein to Agar, no run full outside off, steps forward and defends;
23.3;?;Hosein to Agar, no run sharp turn from outside off, into the top of the pads;
23.3;1w;Hosein to Agar, 1 wide spins down the leg side from a middle-and-leg line;
23.2;?;Hosein to Agar, no run short and whipped off the pads, well fielded by Pollard at midwicket;
23.1;?;Hosein to Agar, no run kicks this away outside leg stump;
22.6;?;Walsh to Wade, no run nicely bowled, a googly slides off a thick outside edge to short third man;
22.5;1;Walsh to Agar, 1 run a short delivery, pulled through square leg but not off the middle;
22.4;?;Walsh to Agar, no run plays back and defends to the on side;
22.3;3;Walsh to Wade, 3 runs on the pads, tickled away fine, short fine leg dives over it;
22.2;?;Walsh to Wade, no run worked into midwicket;
22.1;4;Walsh to Wade, FOUR runs lovely stroke! A half volley outside off, Wade gets forward and drives between cover and mid-off;
22.1;1w;Walsh to Wade, 1 wide spins down the leg side, started a little too straight;
21.6;?;Hosein to Agar, no run spins into the pads again and loops to a vacant short leg area;
21.5;?;Hosein to Agar, no run comes forward and defends to the off side;
21.4;?;Hosein to Agar, no run sharp spin into the pads;
21.3;1;Hosein to Wade, 1 run whips a full delivery firmly down the pitch, Walsh gets his left hand to it...not far from deflecting into the stumps. Agar was out of his ground;
21.2;1;Hosein to Agar, 1 run outside off, driven to mid-off on the edge of the ring;
21.1;?;Hosein to Agar, no run over the wicket, full at middle, defended;
20.5;?;Walsh to Wade, no run full outside leg stump, flicked to midwicket where Pollard makes a diving save;
20.4;?;Walsh to Wade, no run an appeal for lbw, will we have another review? Wade was across the crease. Nope, there was a big inside edge;
20.3;?;Walsh to Wade, no run over the wicket, back of a length, spins sharply into Wade who is on the back foot;
20.2;1;Walsh to Agar, 1 run very full, dug out into the covers, there's a direct hit which goes upstairs but think Wade is safe. Yes, he's well home;
20.1;W;Walsh to Carey, OUT big appeal as Carey goes for the sweep but that looked to have pitched outside leg. A review is called. West Indies look confident. Actually, pitched straighter than I first though...no bat or glove. Pitches on leg stump and hitting leg stump.;Alex Carey lbw b Walsh 35 (87m 50b 3x4 0x6) SR: 70;
19.6;?;Hosein to Wade, no run full and straight, jabbed off an inside edge to square leg. They need some close catchers;
19.5;?;Hosein to Wade, no run big spin! Beats the under edge and almost bowls him as well;
19.4;2;Hosein to Wade, 2 runs driven off the back foot through the covers;
19.3;?;Hosein to Wade, no run defends back to the bowler;
19.2;?;Hosein to Wade, no run back of a length, spins quite sharply into Wade who is looking to play off the back foot;
19.1;1;Hosein to Carey, 1 run over the wicket, full and straight, swept to deep square;
18.6;?;Walsh to Wade, no run pushes a full delivery into the covers, gets sent back by Carey;
18.5;1;Walsh to Carey, 1 run reverse sweeps and with good control this time, takes this from around middle stump, out to deep point;
18.4;3;Walsh to Wade, 3 runs finds the gap through the off side, it's a low full toss, drives wide of cover;
18.3;?;Walsh to Wade, no run a googly, full at leg stump, played into the covers;
18.2;1;Walsh to Carey, 1 run full on the pads, worked through square leg;
18.1;?;Walsh to Carey, no run worked to short fine leg;
17.6;?;Pollard to Wade, no run this one grips, Wade on the back foot and is able to adjust, defends to backward point;
17.5;?;Pollard to Wade, no run good length outside off, left alone;
17.4;1;Pollard to Carey, 1 run pushes a full delivery back past Pollard in his follow through;
17.3;1;Pollard to Wade, 1 run full outside off, driven down the ground to long-off;
17.2;4;Pollard to Wade, FOUR runs dragged down short and Wade doesn't miss out, pulls in the air over midwicket;
17.1;?;Pollard to Wade, no run full and straight, defended;
16.6;?;Hosein to Carey, no run stretches well forward outside off and defends;
16.5;1;Hosein to Wade, 1 run flatter and straight, worked off the stumps into square leg;
16.4;?;Hosein to Wade, no run more sharp spin, Wade getting forward to try and cover it;
16.3;?;Hosein to Wade, no run spins from outside off and Wade traps it off the inside edge into his front pad;
16.2;?;Hosein to Wade, no run good length at off stump, defended on the front foot;
16.1;1;Hosein to Carey, 1 run full outside off, a strong sweep to deep square;
15.6;1;Pollard to Carey, 1 run drives square through the off side;
15.5;?;Pollard to Carey, no run good length at off stump, defended;
15.4;4;Pollard to Carey, FOUR runs full toss outside off, driven through the covers and beats Pooran running around from long-off;
15.3;1;Pollard to Wade, 1 run nudged off the pads to the on side;
15.2;?;Pollard to Wade, no run much better delivery, full at the stumps, defended;
15.1;?;Pollard to Wade, no run offspin round the wicket, short outside off, Wade leaves it alone and looks a little shocked;
14.6;2;Hosein to Carey, 2 runs a straighter delivery this time, gets a bottom edge on the sweep that Holder can't quite stop at short fine;
14.5;?;Hosein to Carey, no run sweeps again, from quite wide outside off, finds short fine leg;
14.4;1;Hosein to Wade, 1 run worked off the pads backward of square;
14.3;1;Hosein to Carey, 1 run over the wicket, another full toss, paddled to deep backward square;
14.2;1;Hosein to Wade, 1 run over the wicket, worked down the ground to long-on;
14.1;1;Hosein to Carey, 1 run round the wicket, full toss outside off, swept to deep square;
13.6;4;Cottrell to Wade, FOUR runs well played, too short outside off, Wade goes up and over point...Australia lost a wicket, but scored plenty in that over;
13.5;?;Cottrell to Wade, no run short of a length at off stump, that's better, defended to backward point;
13.5;1w;Cottrell to Wade, 1 wide very short and very wide outside off, not sure if that stuck in the hand;
13.5;1w;Cottrell to Wade, 1 wide short over off stump, and too short;
13.4;W;Cottrell to Marsh, OUT bounced out! Short ball plan finally comes off! Angles a bouncer onto the legs at 133 kph, Marsh swivels to hook and he's a touch early as the ball comes off the back of the bat and feathers through to Hope whose footwork is marvelous as he takes another leg side chance standing upright rather than diving. Marsh walks rather than wait for the umpire's decision and is fuming with himself all the way to the dugout.;Mitchell Marsh c ?Hope b Cottrell 29 (31m 21b 1x4 3x6) SR: 138.09;
13.3;4;Cottrell to Marsh, FOUR runs thigh high full toss on fourth stump at 139 kph, gentle punch by Marsh pierces cover to go to the rope.;
13.2;6;Cottrell to Marsh, SIX runs short ball on the body, Marsh takes him on with a pull, top edge swirls over the keeper and clears the rope for six.;
13.1;?;Cottrell to Marsh, no run full on middle at 132 kph, defended back down the pitch.;
12.6;?;Walsh to Carey, no run full on off stump at 84 kph, smothered on the front foot.;
12.5;2;Walsh to Carey, 2 runs premeditates a paddle sweep and flicks a knee high full toss very fine past the keeper and beats short fine leg for a pair before being retrieved.;
12.4;1;Walsh to Marsh, 1 run googly on fourth stump on a good length, doesn't read it and goes back to cut, cramped for room and a bottom edge just misses the stumps.;
12.3;1;Walsh to Carey, 1 run Full on off stump, paddle sweep behind square for one.;
12.2;?;Walsh to Carey, no run dropped! Premeditated reverse sweep mistimed toward Joseph at short third man. He charged forward and dove forward, definitely got two hands underneath it but it clangs off his palms and bursts out. 8/10 difficulty but he got there and it was coming at a gentle pace fluttering off the mistimed shot. Had to be taken.;
12.1;?;Walsh to Carey, no run flighted full on fifth stump, goes to sweep and misses.;
11.6;1;Joseph to Carey, 1 run back of a length on sixth stump, width for Carey to run this off an open face to third man.;
11.5;?;Joseph to Carey, no run back of a length on off, guided with soft hands to Walsh Jr charging in from backward point.;
11.4;1;Joseph to Marsh, 1 run back of a length on off stump, Marsh shuffles well across to flick this through midwicket.;
11.3;?;Joseph to Marsh, no run back of a length on fourth stump at 140 kph, Marsh goes to pull over midwicket but it skids a touch low and zaps him in the thigh before dribbling to slip.;
11.2;?;Joseph to Marsh, no run good length ball on fourth stump at 141 kph, defended on the front foot back to mid-off.;
11.1;6;Joseph to Marsh, SIX runs Shot of the day! Overpitched on the legs at 135 kph, Marsh with a most elegant flick high over backward square and times the daylights out of this to send it sailing way over the rope. Keeps bouncing all the way to the concrete fencing where some locals are peeking through to try to get a look at the match.;
10.6;?;Cottrell to Carey, no run back of a length on middle stump at 135 kph, hops up to try to flick through midwicket but is beaten for pace and pinged on the thigh before the ball caroms to point.;
10.5;?;Cottrell to Carey, no run good length ball on off stump, defended to the off side.;
10.5;1w;Cottrell to Carey, 1 wide Bouncer outside off stump, too high. Wide signaled from square leg.;
10.4;1;Cottrell to Marsh, 1 run short on the legs, flicked off the pads to deep fine leg along the turf for one.;
10.3;6;Cottrell to Marsh, SIX runs short ball on the stumps, top-edged pull sails over deep fine leg, just barely clears the man on the rope.;
10.2;1;Cottrell to Carey, 1 run good length ball on fifth stump at 142 kph, guides this with an open face to third man.;
10.1;?;Cottrell to Carey, no run good length ball at 139 kph on fourth stump, beats Carey's back foot poke.;
9.6;1;Joseph to Carey, 1 run back of a length on fourth stump, opens the face to run this behind point to deep third man.;
9.5;1;Joseph to Marsh, 1 run good length ball on the stumps, tapped with soft hands into midwicket for a single.;
9.4;?;Joseph to Marsh, no run good length ball punched to mid-off.;
9.3;1;Joseph to Carey, 1 run short ball on sixth stump at 137 kph, hops up to guide this with an open face to deep third man.;
9.2;?;Joseph to Carey, no run back of a length on fifth stump, width to cut but Carey is beaten by the extra bounce.;
9.1;?;Joseph to Carey, no run back of a length on fourth stump, goes back to defend this 140 kph delivery and bottom edges it just wide of off stump.;
8.6;?;Hosein to Marsh, no run arm ball swerves in at 97 kph on a good length on fifth stump, stabbed out by Marsh to Hosein.;
8.5;?;Hosein to Marsh, no run another hearty sweep to a ball flighted at 83 kph on off stump that grips and rips past the bat once again.;
8.4;2;Hosein to Marsh, 2 runs good length ball on off stump, goes deep in his crease and shuffles across to flick wide of midwicket for a double.;
8.3;?;Hosein to Marsh, no run full outside leg stump, another fierce sweep but picks out short fine leg on the ring.;
8.2;?;Hosein to Marsh, no run ripping delivery on a good length on off stump, Marsh heaves for midwicket but it grips and spins very very sharply past Marsh's swing.;
8.2;1nb;Hosein to Marsh, (no ball) flighted wider on seventh stump, Marsh can't reach a sweep this time and is beaten. But a no ball is called from the third umpire. Inexcusable for Hosein to overstep. Pollard has to exit the field from his position at forward short leg for the upcoming free hit.;
8.1;?;Hosein to Marsh, no run full on sixth stump, Marsh goes to hammer a sweep, Pollard turns his back at forward short leg and it pings off a very fleshy part of his back in the air toward Hosein but doesn't carry for what would have been one of the all-time great bizarre dismissals.;
7.6;?;Joseph to Carey, no run back of a length on the hips, goes to flick this through midwicket but it comes off the thigh to the fielder in the ring.;
7.5;1;Joseph to Marsh, 1 run short ball on sixth stump at 132 kph, sits up for Marsh to hammer a pull flat along the ground to deep square leg.;
7.4;W;Joseph to Philippe, OUT fullish length down leg side, Philippe goes to flick and gets a clear feather edge down leg side. Joseph celebrates wildly and Hope shuffles to his left to take a simple catch at chest height standing upright. Great footwork to not need to put in any sort of dive.;Josh Philippe c ?Hope b Joseph 10 (39m 23b 1x4 0x6) SR: 43.47;
7.3;1;Joseph to Carey, 1 run short on the legs, pulls this firmly behind square.;
7.2;1;Joseph to Philippe, 1 run back of a length on fifth stump, shuffles back and across to a 137 kph delivery and punches this through mid-on for one.;
7.1;?;Joseph to Philippe, no run back of a length on off stump at 131 kph, defended to point.;
6.6;?;Hosein to Carey, no run flighted on fourth stump on a good length, goes back to defend to midwicket.;
6.5;?;Hosein to Carey, no run full on fifth stump, another reverse paddle scuffed into the ground to backward point.;
6.4;?;Hosein to Carey, no run flighted fuller and wider on sixth stump, sweeps this firmly but straight to midwicket in the ring.;
6.3;4;Hosein to Carey, FOUR runs flighted full on off stump, this time sweeps orthodox and cracks this high over backward square and beats the boundary rider to the rope.;
6.3;1w;Hosein to Carey, 1 wide premeditates a reverse sweep to a full ball outside off stump that spins sharply down leg side.;
6.2;?;Hosein to Carey, no run flighted full on off stump, goes to sweep and mistimes this into the pads and then caroms through square leg. Hosein appeals wildly but gets no support. Clearly deflected off the glove.;
6.1;1;Hosein to Philippe, 1 run full outside leg, Philippe sweeps this firmly to deep backward square.;
5.6;?;Holder to Carey, no run back of a length on middle stump seaming away sharply, Carey fends at this and misses. Big appeal due to the sharp late movement but it was purely off the pitch and not the bat.;
5.5;?;Holder to Carey, no run short and wide, goes to slap this through cover but comes off the toe of the bat to the off side ring fielder.;
5.4;2;Holder to Carey, 2 runs full in the slot on fifth stump, shovels a lofted drive over mid-off that plops in the turf 10 yards short of the rope.;
5.3;?;Holder to Carey, no run back of a length on fifth stump, left alone.;
5.2;2;Holder to Carey, 2 runs full and wide, drives hard and slices this high over backward point for a pair.;
5.1;?;Holder to Carey, no run back of a length on off stump, defended to backward point.;
4.6;?;Hosein to Philippe, no run full on fourth stump, drives hard and sends a thickish edge to cover.;
4.5;?;Hosein to Philippe, no run good length ball on the legs, goes to flick through midwicket, leading edge to point.;
4.4;?;Hosein to Philippe, no run flights this again on fourth stump at 87 kph, fraction of width to entice a drive and it rips past the edge. Hope collects and whips the bails off just in case Philippe has overbalanced. His foot was in the air briefly but the footage is very very grainy. To make matters worse for West Indies they are not using Zing stumps. If they had, this would definitely be out but it's 50/50 with the traditional stumps. This looks out to me but the third umpire is convincing himself that the toe is in the air. Lot of trick photography with shadows and poor resolution. I think his foot is in the air. The third umpire feels differently. But it is inconclusive with poor camera resolution and no zing bails/stumps to light up to make it definitive. Not out is the final call.;
4.3;?;Hosein to Philippe, no run flights this a lot more at 87 kph on off stump, it grips and turns, defended back to Hosein.;
4.2;?;Hosein to Philippe, no run arm ball skids on again from off stump line at 98 kph, Philippe goes back to defend.;
4.1;?;Hosein to Philippe, no run good length ball on middle, goes back to defend.;
3.6;?;Holder to Carey, no run good length on off stump at 126 kph, defended on the front foot.;
3.5;?;Holder to Carey, no run back of a length on off stump, defends this off a bottom edge that bounces just wide of off stump.;
3.4;?;Holder to Carey, no run back of a length on fifth stump, left alone this time.;
3.3;4;Holder to Carey, FOUR runs back of a length on fifth stump at 128 kph, reaches out to flay this behind point and it climbs off a thick edge going over second slip to the rope.;
3.2;?;Holder to Carey, no run good length ball on fourth stump at 124 kph, defended behind point where Walsh Jr charges in to field.;
3.1;?;Holder to Carey, no run back of a length on off stump, defended back down the pitch.;
2.6;?;Hosein to Philippe, no run flights it for the first time looping full on sixth stump, Philippe goes to sweep and misses.;
2.5;?;Hosein to Philippe, no run another arm ball slides on the fourth stump line very full, Philippe goes to drive for mid-off, inside edge back down the wicket.;
2.4;?;Hosein to Philippe, no run another arm ball skids on short on off stump, Philippe goes back to defend to mid-on.;
2.3;1;Hosein to Carey, 1 run Hosein drags this down very short to Carey who gets on a knee and pulls first ball high over square leg for one.;
2.2;W;Hosein to Henriques, OUT no reprieve for Henriques this time! His tour from hell ends in a ball of flames. Hosein darts this arm ball in at 94 kph on off stump, Henriques shuffles across to defend down the wrong line well outside the line of the ball playing for turn and is thumped below the knee roll. Hosein, Hope, Pollard, everyone within vicinity of the bat goes up in an uproarious appeal and Joel Wilson gives this out immediately. Henriques walks straight off without consulting Philippe about burning a review.;Moises Henriques lbw b Hosein 1 (14m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
2.1;?;Hosein to Henriques, no run strikes first ball! Or does he!?! Hosein pitches this full on middle and leg, awkward prod forward and it looked to clearly come off an inside edge onto the pad and then straight to Pollard. Raucous appeal for a catch and Joel Wilson stands looking quizzically before consulting with Leslie Reifer Jr at square leg. After a consultation, they refer to the third umpire with a soft signal of out but the doubt is whether or not it was a bump ball. No way on earth and why they need to refer this to the third umpire for that is comical. It was out or not out but never come close to hitting the ground. They go through the whole DRS sequence and it looks as though Henriques jammed his bat into his pad and the ball deflected off the pad on its own to Pollard. So Joel Wilson has effectively saved West Indies (or Australia depending on which side of the fence considering he had ruled it out with soft signal) from burning one of their reviews by referring this upstairs himself. Not out.;
1.6;?;Holder to Philippe, no run full on off stump, pushes with hard hands and the ball floats uppishly but lands well short of mid-off.;
1.5;?;Holder to Philippe, no run good length ball on off stump, defended.;
1.4;?;Holder to Philippe, no run good length ball on fifth stump at 126 kph, defended to backward point.;
1.3;?;Holder to Philippe, no run full on fifth stump at 126 kph, shuffles across to defend.;
1.2;1;Holder to Henriques, 1 run short on the body, pulls this firmly to deep backward square leg for one.;
1.1;?;Holder to Henriques, no run back of a length on sixth stump at 126 kph, left alone.;
0.6;?;Cottrell to Philippe, no run inswinging yorker on middle at 136 kph, jammed out to square leg.;
0.6;1w;Cottrell to Philippe, 1 wide short ball going down leg, Philippe is late going for a pull and an extra is signaled.;
0.5;4;Cottrell to Philippe, FOUR runs back of a length on fourth stump at 135 kph, Philippe goes to leave this late but dangles the bat out long enough for it to clip the toe and carom through fine leg past the stumps for a nervy boundary;
0.4;2;Cottrell to Philippe, 2 runs short on middle, pulled wide of midwicket, not timed well and Hetmyer tracks it down at deep square leg.;
0.3;2;Cottrell to Philippe, 2 runs inswinger full on leg stump at 132 kph flicked away through midwicket for an easy two.;
0.2;?;Cottrell to Philippe, no run good length ball swinging into the legs at 130 kph, can't flick this away and it caroms off the thigh to point.;
0.1;?;Cottrell to Philippe, no run good length ball on fifth stump, left alone.;

Philippe and Henriques in the middle to open the chase. Henriques off strike, opening with McDermott out of the lineup. Cottrell with the new ball coming left-arm over the wicket.
 Innings Start
West Indies
Australia
3rd ODI (D/N), Bridgetown, Jul 26 2021, Australia tour of West Indies
152
153/4
Player of the match is Ashton Agar, AUS
Australia won by 6 wickets (with 117 balls remaining)
