Data
7.49 pm Thanks Peter. A couple of things we can gloat about here at ESPNcricinfo. First, Gaurav Sundararaman points out that the Forecaster had the predicted score at 154 before a single ball was bowled! Credit then to the team that devised the whole thing. And Andrew Fidel Fernando with a mind-boggling stat. Against leg-spin in men's T20 World Cup history, Sri Lanka have the lowest average (14.43) at the poorest strike rate (106.24) of ALL TEAMS!
7.42 pm Australia probably feel like they have the upper hand after a burst of wickets in the middle overs tied up Sri Lanka. Shanaka didn't cover himself in glory with his go-slow upon his arrival either. A trio of 30s on the scorecard but nobody passed 35.
Mitchell Starc after the innings: "It's nice to have a couple come out nicely. There were a few partnerships there but we dragged them back nicely after the Powerplay. It's our first game here. A few guys have played in the IPL and they think it's an average score. We have the firepower in the sheds to track this down."
Two wickets apiece from Starc, Cummins and a splendid spell from Zampa. Stay with us for the chase when Debayan Sen will be back in the central commentary position.
19.6;1;Hazlewood to Rajapaksa, 1 run 139 kph yorker follows him backing well outside leg, jammed out into the covers for one.;
19.5;1;Hazlewood to C Karunaratne, 1 run wide yorker at 138 kph, driven to the cover sweeper for a long single. Content to end with red inkers these two.;
19.4;1lb;Hazlewood to Rajapaksa, 1 leg bye half-volley on the legs, another missed heave to a 140 kph ball and it trickles off the pads for an extra.;
19.4;1w;Hazlewood to Rajapaksa, 1 wide short on the body following him backing away, but tails well past leg stump for a wide.;
19.3;1;Hazlewood to C Karunaratne, 1 run searches for wide yorker, winds up as a knee high full toss on sixth stump at 144 kph, flubs a drive along the turf to long-off for one.;
19.2;1lb;Hazlewood to Rajapaksa, 1 leg bye full on the legs, doesn't back away this time and misses a flick off his pads into the leg side for an extra.;
19.1;4;Hazlewood to Rajapaksa, FOUR runs yorker follows him backing away from leg at 137 kph, goes inside out driving to the cover sweeper, Cummins dives trying to slap this back into play but it goes into the rope anyway.;
18.6;2;Starc to C Karunaratne, 2 runs full and punched square to the sweeper, good running to come back for the second.;
18.5;?;Starc to C Karunaratne, no run missed runout! full and wide, punched into the covers, fielded and through at the non-striker's end well wide with the non-striker way out of his crease.;
18.4;1lb;Starc to Rajapaksa, 1 leg bye searches for yorker again, knee high full toss on the legs at 145 kph, too quick to flick away and thuds off the pads into midwicket for an extra.;
18.3;1;Starc to C Karunaratne, 1 run 143 kph full on fourth stump, punched firmly to mid-off on the ring this time.;
18.2;4;Starc to C Karunaratne, FOUR runs overpitched searching for yorker, in the slot to hammer over mid-off to the rope.;
18.1;1lb;Starc to Rajapaksa, 1 leg bye inswinging yorker at 143 kph follows him backing away from leg stump, can't flick this away and caroms off the pads into the off side.;
13.6;1;Zampa to Rajapaksa, 1 run flighted too full on fourth stump at 87 kph, punched to long-off for one.;
13.5;1;Zampa to Shanaka, 1 run flighted full again on off stump, this time plays this upright with a punch to long-on.;
13.4;?;Zampa to Shanaka, no run beauty! Gives it more air at 87 kph full on fifth stump, a big heave across the line and beaten.;
13.3;?;Zampa to Shanaka, no run skids in a short ball flatter on off at 92 kph, flicked to midwicket.;
13.2;?;Zampa to Shanaka, no run googly lands too short on sixth stump and spins in, punched back to Zampa.;
13.1;?;Zampa to Shanaka, no run overpitched at 83 kph on fifth stump, driven firmly straight back to Zampa.;
12.6;1;Starc to Shanaka, 1 run full on the legs, flicked into the leg side for a long single.;
12.5;?;Starc to Shanaka, no run good length ball on off, leading edge defending floats short of Marsh again.;
12.4;?;Starc to Shanaka, no run missed runout! electric from Mitchell Marsh in the covers! overpitched on fifth stump, punched to extra cover where Marsh dives right and fields. He flings from his knees for the striker's end but the ball bounces just over the top of the stumps.;
12.3;?;Starc to Shanaka, no run good length ball on fourth stump, defended.;
12.2;W;Starc to Hasaranga de Silva, OUT similar line and length ball on fifth stump, Hasaranga drives hard again, big appeal given out. Didn't sound like there was any noise as it passed the bat and Hasaranga calls for DRS immediately. However, a big spike shows up on UltraEdge as the ball passes the toe edge of the bat. DO NOT QUESTION ALEEM DAR! Sri Lanka lose a review.;Wanindu Hasaranga de Silva c ?Wade b Starc 4 (4m 2b 1x4 0x6) SR: 200;
12.1;4;Starc to Hasaranga de Silva, FOUR runs good length ball on fifth stump angled across Hasaranga, pushes at this with hard hands and a thick edge flies well wide of Wade to the rope.;
11.6;?;Zampa to Rajapaksa, no run googly on a good length on fourth stump spins sharply across the left-hander prodding forward and beats the outside edge.;
11.5;W;Zampa to Fernando, OUT Avishka pays the price for slogging across the line! Flighted full on fifth stump at 87 kph, Avishka is teased into a slog sweep over midwicket and it's the stock legbreak heaving against the turn. It results in a top edge swirling over cover. Simple catch for Smith in the ring waiting for it to come into his safe hands at chest height with palms facing into his torso.;Avishka Fernando c Smith b Zampa 4 (13m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 57.14;
11.4;1;Zampa to Rajapaksa, 1 run good length leg break on fourth stump at 87 kph, opens the face to guide this through vacant slip and fielded by short third man for one.;
11.3;?;Zampa to Rajapaksa, no run googly slowed up at 84 kph lands on a good length on off stump and spins past a drive to beat the outside edge.;
11.2;1;Zampa to Fernando, 1 run flighted more and full on middle, flicked into midwicket for one.;
11.1;?;Zampa to Fernando, no run charges Zampa, who drags the length back on middle stump and forces Avishka to check into a defensive punch back to Zampa.;
10.6;?;Starc to Rajapaksa, no run another yorker on off stump at 147 kph, jammed out into the covers.;
10.5;1;Starc to Fernando, 1 run 145 kph short on the body, flicks this awkwardly behind square for one.;
10.4;1;Starc to Rajapaksa, 1 run Starc tries to spear in another yorker on leg stump at 144 kph, jammed out to mid-on, diving stop attempted by Warner on the ring turns four into one.;
10.3;W;Starc to Perera, OUT the perfect riposte from Starc at 144 kph searing into the base of middle stump! Inswinging yorker, Kusal tries to jam this out but fails. The crowd which had been charged up after the previous ball six has now been short-circuited!;Kusal Perera b Starc 35 (52m 25b 4x4 1x6) SR: 140;
10.2;6;Starc to Perera, SIX runs into the second tier! Overpitched on fourth stump at 142 kph, Kusal winds up with a pendulum swing and clocks this high and wide over long-on to put a charge into the heavily partisan Sri Lankan crowd.;
10.1;1;Starc to Fernando, 1 run back of a length on off stump at 139 kph, guided to third man for one.;
17.6;1;Cummins to Rajapaksa, 1 run short on the body at 117 kph, flicks this over fine leg for one.;
17.5;?;Cummins to Rajapaksa, no run slower ball short and wide, tries to guide this to third man but fans on it.;
17.4;W;Cummins to Shanaka, OUT slower ball back of a length on sixth stump, Shanaka's painful innings finally comes to an end. It came in at 112 kph, he was through the shot early trying to pull this over the leg side instead of going with the angle to cut over point, top edge is the result that swirls straight up for Wade and he pouches it with little fuss.;Dasun Shanaka c ?Wade b Cummins 12 (26m 19b 1x4 0x6) SR: 63.15;
17.3;4;Cummins to Shanaka, FOUR runs goes for wide yorker again but gets the length fractionally wrong and it sits up as a half-volley to crank through the gap between extra cover and mid-off to the rope.;
17.2;?;Cummins to Shanaka, no run full and wide yorker on fifth stump at 142 kph, guided out behind point.;
17.1;1;Cummins to Rajapaksa, 1 run short on the legs, pulled fine to deep fine leg.;
17.1;1w;Cummins to Rajapaksa, 1 wide good length ball sliding past leg stump, called a wide.;
16.6;1;Stoinis to Rajapaksa, 1 run slower ball full and very wide at 113 kph, would've been a wide had he left it but slaps this one-handed off the toe wide of extra cover for one.;
16.6;1w;Stoinis to Rajapaksa, 1 wide slower bouncer on fifth stump at 107 kph, Rajapaksa charged Stoinis and is through the shot very early but it is deemed a wide from square leg on the tennis ball bounce over the batter. Fair call.;
16.5;?;Stoinis to Rajapaksa, no run short and very wide, goes to cut and can't reach this 114 kph delivery. Very generously deemed legal by Dar to spare Stoinis more punishment.;
16.4;6;Stoinis to Rajapaksa, SIX runs full pace at 131 kph overpitched on fifth stump, Rajapaksa is in the zone and saut?es this high and deep over long-off into the stands.;
16.3;4;Stoinis to Rajapaksa, FOUR runs short ball at full pace at 123 kph on the body, pulls this fiercely behind square for another boundary.;
16.2;4;Stoinis to Rajapaksa, FOUR runs full toss at knee height on fifth stump at 115 kph, premeditates a slog across the line and flicks this behind square careening past backward square leg on the ring and goes to the rope.;
16.1;1;Stoinis to Shanaka, 1 run full on the stumps, flicks this straight for a single.;
9.6;1;Zampa to Fernando, 1 run short on off stump at 94 kph, goes back to punch to long-on.;
9.5;?;Zampa to Fernando, no run flighted full on off, defended on the front foot.;
9.4;W;Zampa to Asalanka, OUT flat sweep, but straight down to Steven Smith a few yards in from deep backward square leg! How important could this be, and it comes from the most impressive Australian bowler on display thus far. Zampa has asked a few questions with some variations in flight, loop and length. Asalanka was looking very dangerous indeed;Charith Asalanka c Smith b Zampa 35 (32m 27b 4x4 1x6) SR: 129.62;
9.3;1;Zampa to Perera, 1 run fullish, driven to the left of the bowler;
9.2;1;Zampa to Asalanka, 1 run backs away, and drives a fullish ball towards long-off. Zampa switched his intended length and angle, having seen Asalanka just back away a touch;
9.1;1;Zampa to Perera, 1 run picks up a length ball from outside off with the sweep. Plays it away towards deep square leg for one;
8.6;1;Stoinis to Perera, 1 run yorker again, dug out towards deep mid-wicket;
8.5;4;Stoinis to Perera, FOUR runs full, but a bit of width again. Opens the face of the blade and guides it with the pace towards backward point. Perera is warming up nicely here!;
8.4;4;Stoinis to Perera, FOUR runs slower ball, but wide. He picks this up, and slaps this wide of extra cover. Muscled away, towards the long side of the boundary. Just too wide from Stoinis, and duly punished!;
8.3;1;Stoinis to Asalanka, 1 run cuts a length ball away towards deep point;
8.2;?;Stoinis to Asalanka, no run banged in short, and goes across Asalanka. Taken by surprise, from the look of things, and as a result, can't get his bat around to play the hook;
8.1;1;Stoinis to Perera, 1 run full again. Driven to long-off to bring up the 50 partnership;
7.6;1;Zampa to Perera, 1 run pushed with the turn towards long-on;
7.5;1;Zampa to Asalanka, 1 run works it away towards midwicket after plonking his front leg;
7.4;1;Zampa to Perera, 1 run full, around leg, and he works it away towards deep square leg;
7.3;?;Zampa to Perera, no run pulls out the reverse sweep, but gets it to short third on the bounce;
7.2;?;Zampa to Perera, no run fullish, turns across him and traps him in front. Probably did too much, but what a great ball from Zampa. Caught him completely off-balance;
7.1;1;Zampa to Asalanka, 1 run back of a length, and he goes back and plays it with the turn towards deep mid-wicket;
6.6;?;Stoinis to Perera, no run yorker length, and he jams his bat down on time to play it away towards the onside;
6.5;1;Stoinis to Asalanka, 1 run short, and swats it away towards deep midwicket;
6.4;2;Stoinis to Asalanka, 2 runs full, and driven firmly to the left of deep point. Easy two on offer;
6.3;1;Stoinis to Perera, 1 run picks one towards deep cover;
6.2;2;Stoinis to Perera, 2 runs short, wide, and he slices this over cover. There's a fair bit of ground to cover for wide long-off, and they return for the second;
6.1;1;Stoinis to Asalanka, 1 run slowish ball, wide of him, and he swats it away. In the air, but lands short of deep point, who's a fair few yards in from the fence;
5.6;1;Cummins to Asalanka, 1 run slower ball again, and he works it off his hips towards the onside. Enough time to jog through for the one;
5.5;1;Cummins to Perera, 1 run slower ball, into the body, and he works it away towards deep square leg. They had the chance for two, but the fielder came in really quickly from the deep;
5.4;4;Cummins to Perera, FOUR runs top-edge, but over short third. He was looking to whip this away on the onside, but that had some extra pace and bounce;
5.3;1;Cummins to Asalanka, 1 run slower ball, fuller, and he looks to drive this down towards mid-wicket. Gets it towards wide mid-on, where Mitchell Starc dives to stop this;
5.2;?;Cummins to Asalanka, no run length, outside off. Looks to slash, but fails to make contact. Just a bit of movement away, but more off the surface;
5.1;?;Cummins to Asalanka, no run length ball, around off, and he plays it towards point;
4.6;1;Hazlewood to Asalanka, 1 run runs a length ball down towards third;
4.5;4;Hazlewood to Asalanka, FOUR runs flogged straight down the wicket off a length. Goes high, and just goes long enough after bouncing. A diving attempt from mid-off to pull it back in, but Warner can't quite get there;
4.4;?;Hazlewood to Asalanka, no run length, punched towards cover;
4.3;?;Hazlewood to Asalanka, no run change up from Hazlewood. A cutter, from just around off. He looks to steer it to third, but fails to make contact;
4.2;?;Hazlewood to Asalanka, no run fuller, a touch wide, and he drives with a stretch. Great stop at cover-point prevents runs;
4.1;?;Hazlewood to Asalanka, no run length, around off, and he defends this towards point;
3.6;?;Maxwell to Perera, no run length, close to the batter, and he has the leeway to defend this close to his body;
3.5;?;Maxwell to Perera, no run fuller, and he drives this back to the bowler;
3.4;1;Maxwell to Asalanka, 1 run fuller, straighter to the batter, who stretches forward to drive this down to long-off;
3.4;5w;Maxwell to Asalanka, 5 wide fired down teh leg side, and it has beaten everything. The batter, the stumps, and the keeper. Runs away for four extra runs in addition to the wide!;
3.3;4;Maxwell to Asalanka, FOUR runs swept this time. Hard enough to beat deep square leg. Asalanka has come out guns blazing, and he's definitely giving this innings the momentum it needs;
3.2;?;Maxwell to Asalanka, no run closer to the body, flatter, and driven back to the bowler. A little uppish, but lands ahead of him;
3.1;6;Maxwell to Asalanka, SIX runs Maxwell is welcomed by muscling him way over mid-wicket! That's absolutely brutal. Just tossed up a bit, and he doesn't need a second invitation to pull out the slog sweep;
2.6;1;Cummins to Asalanka, 1 run back of a length, and with no slip now, he can just guide it down off the edge towards third;
2.5;?;Cummins to Asalanka, no run length, around off, and defended towards point;
2.4;4;Cummins to Asalanka, FOUR runs take four more! Just moves away a bit to clear the front leg, and thulps an attempted yorker straight down towards long-off. A couple of bounces into the boundary;
2.4;5nb;Cummins to Asalanka, (no ball) FOUR runs short, into the body, and he just whacks it away towards deep square leg. Ridiculously effortless in the end! The TV umpire also confirms that this is a no-ball. But what an emphatic way to get going;
2.3;W;Cummins to Nissanka, OUT oh dear, this is a soft wicket! It's a good length ball, just around off, and he looks to work it away on the onside. Ends up getting a top edge and it heads towards the edge of the ring around wide cover. David Warner has to step across to his left, set himself up and complete the easiest of catches, fingers pointing upwards;Pathum Nissanka c Warner b Cummins 7 (13m 9b 1x4 0x6) SR: 77.77;
2.2;4;Cummins to Nissanka, FOUR runs fullish, and picked up with a little flick of the wrists towards deep square leg. No fielder in the deep, and it dobs away for four after a couple of bounces;
2.1;?;Cummins to Nissanka, no run fullish, into him with the angle from wide of the crease. Driven to mid-on;
1.6;4;Hazlewood to Perera, FOUR runs short-arm jab to a shorter one. And timed to perfection. Nobody deep at mid-wicket and that makes it a safe and productive shot;
1.5;?;Hazlewood to Perera, no run back of a length this time, but no room. Perera swats it away towards point;
1.4;1;Hazlewood to Nissanka, 1 run length, a bit of an angle into him. He dabs it towards mid-on, and sets off. Good running, with the man there needing to come forward;
1.3;?;Hazlewood to Nissanka, no run length, around off, and he steers it away to point;
1.2;?;Hazlewood to Nissanka, no run fullish, into the pads. Worked away off the pads, but Mitchell Marsh at square leg dives away to his right to stop the single. Outstanding work from him!;
1.1;?;Hazlewood to Nissanka, no run length, just around off, and defended;
0.6;?;Starc to Perera, no run length, around off, and he works it away towards square leg. There's a fielder in the ring, and he refuses the option of going for a quick single;
0.5;1;Starc to Nissanka, 1 run short of a length, cut away hard, and point dives to his right to stop this. Yet another single for the openers;
0.4;1;Starc to Perera, 1 run fullish length, driven to cover. They go for the single, and there's a half-stop from Stoinis away to his left. They scamper through for one;
0.4;1w;Starc to Perera, 1 wide full, but way down leg. No swing, and a wide results;
0.3;?;Starc to Perera, no run almighty heave, and he misses! Some outswing on offer again for Starc, as Perera loads up for a swat down the ground;
0.2;2;Starc to Perera, 2 runs fullish, edged, but flies past point to the left of third. They pick up two. He appears to have closed his face in attempting to work it away on the onside, but that swung late;
0.1;1;Starc to Nissanka, 1 run bit of swing back in, and he works this wide of cover and takes a quick single to get going;

Out come the Sri Lankan openers. From the look of things, Nissanka will take first strike. The first over for Australia has been entrusted to Starc, who had a heavy strapping on his right knee during the warm-ups. One slip in place.
5.53 pm Not long for the start of the game now. The two teams make their way out to the middle for the anthems. Suhani Gupta calls them "two of the better anthems". While adding that all anthems carry their own beauty of language, culture and history, I would agree that these two are quite melodious.

5.32 pm Australia win the toss and will bowl. Same team for Australia.. Shanaka says he would have bowled as well. Theekshana for Binura Fernando is the only change for them.
Australia: 1 David Warner, 2 Aaron Finch (capt), 3 Mitchell Marsh, 4 Steven Smith, 5 Glenn Maxwell, 6 Marcus Stoinis, 7 Matthew Wade (wk), 8 Pat Cummins, 9 Mitchell Starc, 10 Adam Zampa, 11 Josh Hazlewood
Sri Lanka: 1 Kusal Perera (wk), 2 Pathum Nissanka, 3 Charith Asalanka, 4 Avishka Fernando, 5 Wanindu Hasaranga, 6 Bhanuka Rajapaksa, 7 Dasun Shanaka (capt), 8 Chamika Karunaratne, 9 Dushmantha Chameera, 10 Lahiru Kumara, 11 Maheesh Theekshana
Sudha: "Teams batting first have struggled to put up good totals in this tournament... What may be the reason??" --- Probably also a function of needing to get used to the conditions. The pitches generally grip a bit early on. And it definitely gets better to bat under lights.
"Australia are in for a nasty surprise today, SL will crawl to 155-160 ans Aussies will fall short by 10-15 runs " --- thus proclaims AC. Meanwhile, Ali predicts that we will have to wait 24 hours for the first close match (Afghanistan-Pakistan).
Hashir: "Sri Lanka is known to make out of form opposition players come back to form. What more we are known for, is to be unpredictability unpredictable. The current team is exactly that, albeit with consistency. Go for it Lions!"
"I still don't understand how Australia can be warm fav in this match Their batting looked very wobbly at times v south Africa" --- Interesting turn of phrase there, Graham. Are warm favourites better than hot favourites then?
SidB: "Indian living in Chile... As an ardent Australian fan, I don't have any option but to stay up all night to watch test matches there. Day night matches are better but matches in the Caribbean are the best!!! "
Mustafa Moudi: "510310 - This is not my Mobile No. but Finch's Score in T20I played in UAE. He has failed to reach the double-digits once and got out on duck twice. His Averages just 1.66 and his SR is 27.77 !!"
Scott: "9 am start in the USA, so I can't complain too much about the time. Tracking from work and looking forward to what should be a banger of a match."
"21 matches and we still haven't had a close finish. Hoping that streak will break today!" --- If it's a last-ball finish that you mean, then yes, we could do with one. But a number of games have been decided pretty much in the last 2-3 overs, even the ones that look lopsided at first glance.
"Here I am in Australia, finishing my shift at 10 pm, waiting for the start of this game at midnight, rooting for a Sri Lankan victory! Hope I wont regret this at work tomorrow morning.." says Rizmy. I think the only regret in either case, should be about the potential lost sleep. But that's a small price for the game we love, eh?
Ganaraj Gopalak: "Well as an newbie Sydney Sider, I can say 1 am starts are the worst. Its fine if a match finishes by 3 or starts at 4. But its the one that starts at 1 and ends at 5 leaves you nowhere"
Pitch report on the broadcast suggests dimensions of 76m and 64m square of the wicket on either side. It's said to be a similar pitch to the one that was used for India against Pakistan. Dale Steyn reaffirms that he expects the team winning the toss to elect to field.
Hari Narayan : "@Debayan It is harder for me to wake up at wee hours but sometimes I dream about the match and wake up.(magic I guess) " --- I experienced that magic myself during the Gabba Test earlier this year. Often even without an alarm! Deepankar, meanwhile, says he's making a transition from a night owl to a morning person. Feel for you, brother!
Danish: "Living on eastern side of Australia. Definitely harder for me to wake up for cricket, can stay up if the match is good but once I sleep, it's 'game over'" --- Well, keep enough in the tank for this entire weekend. Two key games inside three days. A prelude to The Ashes over on Saturday. Which is why Australia are glad that Mitchell Starc is set to take his place in the side after an injury scare.
Daniel Ng : "I think Sri-Lanka has a genuine chance of causing an upset (not entirely an upset), their collection of young players are all stepping up at the right time, a different man of the match every game. I'm excited to see who might be Sri-Lanka's hero today!" --- Meanwhile Max says that as an Australian fan, he would really have loved for this to have started earlier. BTW, riddle me this. As cricket fans, what do you find more challenging - staying up till late to watch cricket? Or waking up in the wee hours? It's usually the former for me.
Speaking of the Australian openers, here's how David Warner has been trying to get his way back into form. What are the some of the unusual methods you have used yourselves or heard about? For instance, did you know that former Australian captain Kim Hughes used to tie his back leg to stay rooted inside the crease when practising stretching out against spin?
Mark: "You would expect Australia to win this at a canter: if they did not, that would be a very serious hit to Australian aspirations, although the Sri Lankan form in the qualifiers was impressive, this is a big step up for them." --- Agree. And from what we have seen in Dubai, the toss could play a bit of a role as well. From Australia's perspective, they would want to ideally bowl first and then get a chance to gun down a reasonable enough total to get their openers back in some sort of form.
"Mahesh Theekshana is fit and will play for Sri Lanka Tonight. " quips Nibraz Ramzan. Looking forward to that. In fact, head coach Mickey Arthur is generally in a good head space with all the talent he has at his disposal.
"Hi Sen, give us guys detail comments. what is the ground condition, is it windy?" --- CJ, this is the Dubai International Stadium. It's built with massive stands encircling the playing square, in the desert. I think it is a safe assumption wind will not be a big factor.
"start game earler please" --- Not in my hands, I am afraid, viren. However, what I can do is direct you to some of the match-related coverage for this game. Here's Steven Smith opening up on his role in the Australian middle-order.
4.59 pm Good day, everybody! Relatively lighter day at the T20 World Cup today, with just the one game in Dubai, and what a significant one this could prove to be for Group 1. Both Australia and Sri Lanka have started the tournament proper with confidence-boosting wins. They have a chance today to go level with England on four points each. The English lie in wait among the next opponents for both nations. That makes a defeat today a more significant dent to their semi-final qualification prospects than what it might seem at first glance. I am Debayan Sen, and Peter Della Penna will be joining me on commentary for this one. Let's get cracking with the match preview by Andrew McGlashan.
 Innings Start
9.12 pm So much for Australia being cannon fodder for the tourney favorites. They are returning to the good old days of being predators rather than prey with the form they're in right now. Sri Lanka needed to be mistake-free in the field but pay dearly for a straightforward chance shelled down the leg side by Kusal Perera when Warner was on 18. Not only does Australia claim maximum points with the win, but get a healthy net run rate boost getting across the line with three overs to spare.
Player of the Match is Adam Zampa for his 2 for 12 on a batting friendly wicket: "Sri Lanka got off to a flyer so we needed to peg it back when we did. I think it was quite slow in the first innings and spun a bit more than it did in the second innings. I think the moisture and dew took effect in the second innings. I find [Sri Lanka] really challenging, very good players of spin so I'm glad to have the night I did. I've tended to try a little bit of Powerplay and a bit of death but with the team that we have and the big 3 quicks, they'll bowl in the Powerplay and Glenn Maxwell bowls a bit in the Powerplay too and has a really good record. So my job is to take wickets in the middle and make it easier for guys on the back end. David played really well. It's really nice for those guys to get time in the middle. They've had a bit of pressure from the media but Finchy played really well, Steve played really well and so did Davey."
Sri Lanka captain Dasun Shanaka: "We got the start that we really needed but in the middle phase we were not able to capitalize. We could have done a little well in the middle period, missing out really cost us. It's a bit of a concern. The other day, Asalanka took us home. The set batsman needs to take us home. I felt slightly we were 25-30 runs short on that wicket. We know how good those two batsmen are in world cricket. We have to bowl well and contain them in the Powerplay and we couldn't do that. In the coming games we should capitalize in the Powerplay with the ball. The Sharjah wicket, we've played two games there so we have some good plans and we should come well in the next game."
Australia captain Aaron Finch: "That was a really good performance. Sri Lanka got away to a flyer with the bat and the way that Adam Zampa in particular was able to drag that back through the middle, and then Mitchell Starc to have a real impact and bowl them two overs back-to-back through the middle phase where generally we would go with two at the death, he was fantastic. I felt like they were going at 15 an over through the Powerplay. I still felt it was a really good wicket so to chase that down was really nice. We knew we had to be a little bit calmer because when the ball was flying around it felt like they were going at 15 an over but when you looked up it was only 8 an over. So it's just a bit of a reminder to stick to our plans and don't start playing on emotion because that's not when Australia plays our best cricket. They're such a dangerous side and have guys who can take away the game quickly. We knew that spin was going to have such a big impact outside the Powerplay, Hasaranga and the offspinner Theekshana, so we knew their quicks we had to take a bit of a chance on and we got away with it but Davey played a beautiful knock. As a batter, I love batters getting [Player of the Match] but I think when you're looking at the impact on a game, Zamps was terrific tonight. On the back of a really good Powerplay from Sri Lanka, the way that he controlled the game, especially from that bottom end where the right-handers had a short boundary to hit to, he was fantastic. He got big wickets. That was a world-class performance from him. It's always a great battle [against England]. We're looking forward to it. They've probably been the form side in white-ball cricket for a long time. We love playing them and it'll be an entertaining game."
That's it for us tonight. On behalf of the scoring team and my tag-team partner Debayan Sen, I'm Peter Della Penna. Come back tomorrow for a Friday doubleheader. It'll be West Indies v Bangladesh in the early game and I'll be back for the nightcap between Afghanistan and Pakistan. Until then, so long!
16.6;4;Lahiru Kumara to Stoinis, FOUR runs another yorker attempted on fourth stump, but Stoinis is too good, smokes this through wide mid-off and Australia have clinched a seven-wicket win with three overs to spare.;
16.5;1;Lahiru Kumara to Smith, 1 run yorker on fourth stump, jammed out to the point sweeper.;
16.4;1;Lahiru Kumara to Stoinis, 1 run length ball on off stump, slapped to long-on for one.;
16.3;6;Lahiru Kumara to Stoinis, SIX runs full on off stump, hammers a hellacious drive with a vicious wrist flick over wide long-on, careens flat into the second row of the seats.;
16.2;?;Lahiru Kumara to Stoinis, no run length ball on fourth stump, slapped straight to extra cover.;
16.1;3;Lahiru Kumara to Smith, 3 runs full and wide, driven wide of the cover sweeper for three thanks to great running.;
15.6;1;C Karunaratne to Smith, 1 run good length ball on fifth stump, guided with soft hands to short third man, direct hit into the stumps but Stoinis was well in.;
15.5;2;C Karunaratne to Smith, 2 runs fullish length on fifth stump, driven wide of the cover sweeper for a pair.;
15.5;1w;C Karunaratne to Smith, 1 wide bouncer over off stump, way too high, left alone and called a wide from square leg.;
15.4;1;C Karunaratne to Stoinis, 1 run full outside off, driven firmly wide of mid-off for another single.;
15.3;4;C Karunaratne to Stoinis, FOUR runs slower ball again on fourth stump, punched by Stoinis into the off side beats mid-off to his left to the rope.;
15.2;?;C Karunaratne to Stoinis, no run slower good length ball on off stump, defended back to the bowler.;
15.1;1;C Karunaratne to Smith, 1 run full on the legs, flicked behind square for one.;
14.6;W;Shanaka to Warner, OUT the missed chance costs Sri Lanka only 47 runs... Overpitched on middle stump, shovels this in the air to wide long-off, sharp catch taken sliding on his knees after covering 25 yards by Rajapaksa, holding on three yards inside the rope.;David Warner c Rajapaksa b Shanaka 65 (69m 42b 10x4 0x6) SR: 154.76;
14.6;1w;Shanaka to Warner, 1 wide another slower bouncer over fourth stump, Warner hops on his toes thinking about playing before leaving alone again. This time a wide is called from square leg on height.;
14.5;?;Shanaka to Warner, no run slower bouncer over fourth stump, Warner lets it pass without attempting a shot.;
14.4;1;Shanaka to Smith, 1 run full on the stumps, flicked again through mid-on this time to the fielder on the rope for one.;
14.3;2;Shanaka to Smith, 2 runs fullish length on fourth stump, chips this into wide mid-on and they scamper a tight pair.;
14.2;1;Shanaka to Warner, 1 run back of a length on off stump, leans back to open the face and run this to third man for one.;
14.1;1;Shanaka to Smith, 1 run short on the stumps, goes back to punch this into wide midwicket for one.;
13.6;1;Chameera to Smith, 1 run short on the stumps, flicked through the ring for one.;
13.5;1;Chameera to Warner, 1 run thigh high full toss on sixth stump, mistimes this slap into the off side for one.;
13.4;4;Chameera to Warner, FOUR runs backs away from leg stump to create room to smash a 138 kph delivery from fourth stump through wide mid-off to the rope.;
13.3;4;Chameera to Warner, FOUR runs slower ball at 124 kph lands too short, and picked up with ease, pulled through the leg side with authority to the rope.;
13.2;1;Chameera to Smith, 1 run full and wide, carved out for another single.;
13.1;1;Chameera to Warner, 1 run fourth stump yorker at 143 kph, jammed out behind point for one.;
12.6;?;Hasaranga de Silva to Smith, no run flighted full on fourth stump, defended to cover.;
12.5;1;Hasaranga de Silva to Warner, 1 run short on the stumps, pulled flat to deep midwicket.;
12.4;1;Hasaranga de Silva to Smith, 1 run full and wide on sixth stump, driven square to the sweeper.;
12.3;?;Hasaranga de Silva to Smith, no run short on fourth stump, defended back to Hasaranga.;
12.2;1;Hasaranga de Silva to Warner, 1 run full on middle, driven to wide long-off for one.;
12.1;1;Hasaranga de Silva to Smith, 1 run good length ball on the legs, flicked behind square for one.;
11.6;?;Theekshana to Warner, no run full on fourth stump, punched to extra cover.;
11.5;2;Theekshana to Warner, 2 runs full on the legs, flicked past short fine leg, misfield opens the door for an extra run.;
11.4;1;Theekshana to Smith, 1 run good length ball on fourth stump, goes back to punch to long-on.;
11.3;1;Theekshana to Warner, 1 run short on fifth stump, punched to the cover sweeper. 50 up off 31 balls for Warner.;
11.2;?;Theekshana to Warner, no run slants this into the pads, goes to flick and misses.;
11.1;4;Theekshana to Warner, FOUR runs short ball on fourth stump, Warner steps back to hammer a pull through wide mid-on, diving effort on the rope is in vain.;
10.6;1;Hasaranga de Silva to Warner, 1 run full again and driven through the ring for one.;
10.5;1;Hasaranga de Silva to Smith, 1 run full and wide, driven to the cover sweeper.;
10.5;1nb;Hasaranga de Silva to Smith, (no ball) good length ball on fifth stump, shuffles across again and defended into midwicket. Cardinal sin committed though. Third umpire calls down an overstep. Free hit coming up.;
10.4;?;Hasaranga de Silva to Smith, no run good length ball on fifth stump, punched to extra cover.;
10.3;?;Hasaranga de Silva to Smith, no run good length ball on off stump, shuffles across to defend back to the bowler.;
10.2;1;Hasaranga de Silva to Warner, 1 run floated full on the legs, chipped into midwicket for one.;
10.1;1;Hasaranga de Silva to Smith, 1 run full on off, driven straight to long-on.;
9.6;4;Lahiru Kumara to Warner, FOUR runs too short, and punished through the mid-wicket boundary. Warner is coming into form as he had promised ahead of this game;
9.5;1;Lahiru Kumara to Smith, 1 run cutter, back of the hand, worked towards wide cover. Want two again, but this time the fielder has converged on it faster;
9.4;2;Lahiru Kumara to Smith, 2 runs fuller, around off, and he punches this towards deep cover. Some quick running brings out a misfield, and they can easily go through for the second;
9.3;4;Lahiru Kumara to Smith, FOUR runs slower ball, but ends up as a full toss. He can just drive this through the line, and once he gets it past cover, there's no stopping this;
9.2;1;Lahiru Kumara to Warner, 1 run length, around leg, and he tips it towards point and scampers through for one;
9.1;1;Lahiru Kumara to Smith, 1 run length, around off stump, and his supple wrists get into action, whirring this towards deep square leg. Easy single to keep the strike rotation going;
8.6;1;Hasaranga de Silva to Smith, 1 run fuller, driven towards long-on;
8.5;?;Hasaranga de Silva to Smith, no run length, tapped back towards the bowler with a forward press;
8.4;1;Hasaranga de Silva to Warner, 1 run googly, around off, and he works it towards cow corner for a single. Hasaranga chases it down and keeps them down to one;
8.3;W;Hasaranga de Silva to Maxwell, OUT swings, and only finds the man at deep mid-wicket! Tossed up by Hasaranga, and he takes the invitation to have a flay at it. Has to fetch it from outside off, with a further bit of turn away after pitching. Seems to have made a decent connection, but he is hitting towards the slightly shorter side. Easy catch in the end;Glenn Maxwell c Fernando b de Silva 5 (7m 6b 1x4 0x6) SR: 83.33;
8.2;?;Hasaranga de Silva to Maxwell, no run defended back to the bowler;
8.1;4;Hasaranga de Silva to Maxwell, FOUR runs Maxwell goes with the reverse sweep, and nails it. More of a lofted reverse hit, really. Gets the right distance;
7.6;1;Theekshana to Maxwell, 1 run worked away with the turn towards deep mid-wicket;
7.5;?;Theekshana to Maxwell, no run length, goes back and defends it back to the bowler;
7.4;1;Theekshana to Warner, 1 run fuller, driven with the turn away from him. Gets it towards deep point. Wants two, but has to settle for the single;
7.3;4;Theekshana to Warner, FOUR runs fuller, and he has swatted this away through the deep mid-wicket region. Placed it between the boundary riders on the onside, and played it with some power!;
7.2;?;Theekshana to Warner, no run length, defended towards the bowler;
7.1;?;Theekshana to Warner, no run works a length ball towards short fine;
6.6;?;Hasaranga de Silva to Maxwell, no run wrong 'un again. And it sticks in the pitch. His IPL teammate looks to go back and drive, but gets it off the inside of the bat. Goes back towards the bowler to his right;
6.5;W;Hasaranga de Silva to Finch, OUT plays this one on! It's the wrong 'un, and don't know if he picks that or not. Perhaps undone by a little bit of extra bounce. Was looking to play the cut again, but this time gets it off the inside edge. A touch unlucky, with the ball bouncing back on to the stumps, but Sri Lankan bowlers have already had their fair share of poor luck. Could this be a turning point in this chase?;Aaron Finch b de Silva 37 (33m 23b 5x4 2x6) SR: 160.86;
6.4;?;Hasaranga de Silva to Finch, no run hangs back, and looks to cut it past point. Doesn't pierce the gap, though;
6.3;1;Hasaranga de Silva to Warner, 1 run length, worked away towards deep square leg. Stay happy with the one. Played with the turn back into Warner;
6.2;2;Hasaranga de Silva to Warner, 2 runs closer to him, played with the turn towards deep mid-wicket. Superb running as they hare between the wickets for two;
6.1;4;Hasaranga de Silva to Warner, FOUR runs another long hop to start. Very short, and allows him to go deep in his crease and smash it away towards deep square leg;
5.6;?;Theekshana to Finch, no run full ball, strikes him on the pad on the back foot. Loud appeal, but perhaps slipping down leg side. Looked like it was headed down leg with the angle anyway. They don't want to review either;
5.5;1;Theekshana to Warner, 1 run length, backs away and goes with the spin towards extra cover;
5.4;4;Theekshana to Warner, FOUR runs short again, and he can go back and pull it between deep mid-wicket and long-on. Just has ample time to smash this away;
5.3;?;Theekshana to Warner, no run slaps one hard to cover;
5.2;1;Theekshana to Finch, 1 run bit of a donkey-drop. Well short of Finch, who looks to biff it away through the legside. Can only get it towards short fine;
5.1;1;Theekshana to Warner, 1 run fullish ball, around leg stump. Warner looks for the sweep, and gets a bit of bat and pad towards short fine. They get a single;
4.6;?;Chameera to Finch, no run the free hit doesn't cost him anything, though. A full toss, and hit hard but straight towards mid-on. "Oh no, not now" says Finch in refusing a potential quick single;
4.6;1nb;Chameera to Finch, (no ball) oh dear, have we seen this ever before? Chameera sees the ball slip out and it has fallen somewhere around where a 27th stump outside off might have been. Called a no-ball, because it hasn't landed on the cut strip;
4.5;1;Chameera to Warner, 1 run works a length ball away towards deep square leg;
4.4;?;Chameera to Warner, no run Warner survives a dolly to the keeper! Short from Chameera, but down the leg side. He looks to go for the pull, but gets a bit of glove. It pops up nicely, and Perera gets to it, but cannot hold on as he rolls over. That was so surreal, that the umpire was beginning to lift his finger;
4.3;1;Chameera to Finch, 1 run knocks one down towards point and they scamper a single;
4.2;4;Chameera to Finch, FOUR runs back of a length, and he runs it with the pace to the right of third. Should have been stopped, but the fielder has just dived over the ball in the end. That's the 50-run partnership as well;
4.1;6;Chameera to Finch, SIX runs slower ball, into the slot, and lofted into the second tier behind long-on! Purely as a neutral, this is gorgeous to watch. Finch is a perfect mix of power, precision and street-smarts as he lays into the first ball of a new over. Quality batting thus far;
3.6;4;Lahiru Kumara to Warner, FOUR runs drilled back past the bowler! Mind the coconut, Lahiru. Goes for the fuller ball, and he absolutely creams it back past him. Would be awfully unkind to call it a half-chance. All the bowler wants to do is get out of the way of that;
3.5;4;Lahiru Kumara to Warner, FOUR runs back of a length, and he looks to pull this away. Inside edge, but it runs fine past short fine. Lucky for Warner!;
3.4;1;Lahiru Kumara to Finch, 1 run slower, into the body, and he works it around the corner towards deep square leg;
3.3;6;Lahiru Kumara to Finch, SIX runs ramps a short ball over third for six! Kumara responds as any good fast bowler must, but he expects this. Also offers width, and that makes it easier for Finch to just use the angle and tuck it over third;
3.2;4;Lahiru Kumara to Finch, FOUR runs elegant, straight drive again! Skips down the wicket late, and turns it into a good length for himself, and just punches this straight down, past a diving mid-off;
3.1;1;Lahiru Kumara to Warner, 1 run full toss, on the pads, and he works it away towards mid-wicket. A good diving stop there prevents more than just the one;
2.6;?;Chameera to Finch, no run back of a length, and he wants to muscle it away towards mid-wicket. Just gets it off the toe of the bat towards mid-on;
2.5;1;Chameera to Warner, 1 run jams into him from a bit back of a length, and he runs it down to third man. At 128 kph, a slower ball too;
2.4;2;Chameera to Warner, 2 runs this could be Warner's lucky day, you know? Fullish, and he looks to bunt it down the ground. Off the outer edge, but able to clear the infield over covers. They are able to come back for the second before it is reeled back in;
2.3;1;Chameera to Finch, 1 run looks for the slower one, with a bit of a side of the hand release. Down leg side, and Finch is able to work it towards square leg and pick up a quick single;
2.2;?;Chameera to Finch, no run back of a length, good pace, and he defends from the crease. Chameera has cranked this up to 141 kph;
2.1;4;Chameera to Finch, FOUR runs welcomed with a delightful straight drive past mid-on! Another sign that this is going to be a great batting surface. A bit full, and he can just play it on the up with a straight bat;
1.6;?;Theekshana to Warner, no run off-break, pushed towards mid-on. He has come a long way down the wicket, but has put the brakes on time. Scampers back home after being sent back by Finch!;
1.5;1;Theekshana to Finch, 1 run skips down the wicket. Theekshana responds by bowling it quicker and flatter. He works it away towards deep mid-wicket. Wants two, but will have to be satisfied with the single;
1.4;?;Theekshana to Finch, no run fuller, around the pads, and he works it away to short fine. Wants one, but there's none on offer;
1.3;1;Theekshana to Warner, 1 run carrom ball, from the look of things. Pushed through a bit quicker. Warner stays legside of it and pushes it towards mid-wicket;
1.2;4;Theekshana to Warner, FOUR runs goes for the reverse sweep, and does well to clear short third. It was loopy, but strong enough. One bounce and through to the third boundary for four;
1.1;?;Theekshana to Warner, no run off break, around leg and middle, and he defends with a forward press;
0.6;?;C Karunaratne to Finch, no run length, angles in, and cuts him in half! Much more like it from Karunaratne. Beats the inside edge, and goes over the bails through to Perera behind the wicket. Took him by surprise with a bit of late movement into him;
0.5;4;C Karunaratne to Finch, FOUR runs short again, outside off, and he has punched this through covers. Placed it well to the right of deep point. What a great sighter of a first over, especially for Finch!;
0.4;?;C Karunaratne to Finch, no run another length ball, angles in from around middle, in towards leg. Strikes him on the hop as he shapes to flick;
0.3;4;C Karunaratne to Finch, FOUR runs short, and he laces this with a bit of width on offer. Nothing more than a firm push, but through the cover-point region. Zips away!;
0.2;?;C Karunaratne to Finch, no run length, angles in and strikes him as he shapes to flick it away. Probably going down leg, and also a bit high, but a vociferous appeal from the bowler. Doesn't want to review this, though;
0.1;1;C Karunaratne to Warner, 1 run strays on to the pads, and he tickles it away towards the square leg umpire to get going. Fine leg inside the circle, does the fielding;

7.51 pm Messrs Warner and Finch come bounding out to chase this 155 down. A similar score to what India posted against Pakistan. Nothing the Aussies will like more than a similar result. Not least because it will mean a welcome return to form for the openers. Karunaratne has the new ball for Sri Lanka. Warner on strike. Slip in place for him. Two boundary riders at deep mid-wicket and deep square leg
 Innings Start
Sri Lanka
Australia
22nd Match, Group 1, Dubai (DSC), Oct 28 2021, ICC Men's T20 World Cup
154/6
155/3
Player of the match is Adam Zampa, AUS
Australia won by 7 wickets (with 18 balls remaining)
