Data
7.40pm The rain has stopped, we've refuelled with a cup of Twentea20, and here's Brett Lee ...
7.35pm It's nearly stopped raining now. Fingers crossed. Paul MacNeill has written in with his interpretation of Gilchrist's comments that "Aw, it's good fun": "Translation: "If we win, it's serious. If we don't, it's just for a laugh!" Thanks for that, Paul. It's certainly early days but Australia have been given a proper scare.
7.30pm Curses, it's raining. The covers are coming on. We'll keep you updated, naturally.
7.20pm Now then, now then, now then. This is big. Zimbabwe, who have been a composite fielding unit, stride off as one. They will return presently needing 139 for a famous win. Before anyone gets too excited - even if Australia have looked rusty so far - batting is tricky out there and the Aussies have some excellent bowlers. Nevertheless, that was some display. "I thought the Zimbabweans did pretty well there," Hussey says. "The wicket has a little bit in it. We are going to have to field very well, like Zimbabwe did."
Martin Williamson's furiously typing out updates to the bulletin as we're going along, incidentally. He's not furious, by the way, just his typing.
Don't go anywhere - well, no further than a quick kettle trip - and it will be Andrew Miller to kick off the chase.
19.6;W;Chigumbura to Bracken, OUT chipped out to the man at deep cover and the innings ends with a catch - and so a dot;Nathan Bracken c Sibanda b Chigumbura 4 (1m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 133.33;
19.5;2;Chigumbura to Bracken, 2 runs cleanly struck lofted drive up to long-off, where it plugs again;
19.4;2;Chigumbura to Bracken, 2 runs swipe into the off-side;
19.3;W;Chigumbura to Hodge, 1 run, OUT scramble for a single down to third man, but a fast return and is sent on his way through a stunning run-out from Taylor, almost ten-pin bowling down the one stick he had to aim at (throwing with his gloved hand);Mitchell Johnson run out (Brent/?Taylor) 9 (5m 5b 1x4 0x6) SR: 180;
19.2;4;Chigumbura to Hodge, FOUR runs outside off, driven firmly through extra cover and Hodge hardly left his crease;
19.1;1;Chigumbura to Johnson, 1 run swung into the ground to cover for what had to be a rapid single;
18.6;3;Brent to Johnson, 3 runs three on the off-side this time, Johnson will now be back on strike;
18.5;4;Brent to Johnson, FOUR runs full toss and Johnson opens his shoulders with some nice timing in front of midwicket, a good drive;
18.4;?;Brent to Johnson, no run stays over the wicket to the left hander, room outside off, stunned into the ground;
18.3;1;Brent to Hodge, 1 run good variation, tricky slower ball zooming in full on middle-and-leg, but worked well out to midwicket;
18.2;1;Brent to Johnson, 1 run outside off, touch of room, run down for an easy single to third man;
18.1;W;Brent to Lee, OUT crashes a huge inside edge back onto the sticks, sending the off stump - and Lee - on their way;Brett Lee b Brent 13 (6m 7b 1x4 1x6) SR: 185.71;
17.6;1;Taibu to Lee, 1 run pushed forward for a quick strike-stealing single;
17.5;6;Taibu to Lee, SIX runs over extra cover for a loopy six;
17.4;4;Taibu to Lee, FOUR runs full and swung away through the off-side, through the covers, and on its way;
17.3;?;Taibu to Lee, no run full toss, waist height, poked back down off the back foot;
17.2;1;Taibu to Hodge, 1 run cut strongly out to the point boundary this time;
17.1;1;Taibu to Lee, 1 run huge swing and a miss to third man;
16.6;?;Utseya to Hodge, no run outside off again, nipping in a fraction, driven back out through the covers;
16.5;1;Utseya to Lee, 1 run pitches outside off, waited, and driven off the back foot into the covers;
16.4;1;Utseya to Hodge, 1 run worked out to midwicket again;
16.3;2;Utseya to Hodge, 2 runs poked to midwicket for a quick two;
16.2;W;Utseya to Haddin, OUT pulls that from outside off, up in the air swirling away to the right of Chigumbura who runs round - and he has to be quick - to meet the ball out towards long-on;Brad Haddin c Chigumbura b Utseya 6 (7m 12b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
16.1;1;Utseya to Hodge, 1 run veering down leg, and driven back out to long-on;
15.6;2;Mupariwa to Haddin, 2 runs driven out to long-on where Brent returns that well, receives cheers and gives the crowd the thumbs up;
15.5;1;Mupariwa to Hodge, 1 run full toss, turned off the legs to deep midwicket;
15.4;6;Mupariwa to Hodge, SIX runs deposited over deep midwicket - hard;
15.3;1;Mupariwa to Haddin, 1 run tight delivery again, defended forward;
15.2;?;Mupariwa to Haddin, no run nipped in a touch from outside off, picked out cover;
15.1;?;Mupariwa to Haddin, no run on the money, defended forward;
15.1;1w;Mupariwa to Haddin, 1 wide down the leg-side, chased round - but too late;
14.6;1;Utseya to Haddin, 1 run great over finishes with an easy drive to long-on;
14.5;?;Utseya to Haddin, no run worked to short midwicket;
14.4;1;Utseya to Hodge, 1 run booming lob of a full toss, horrible, but at that deceptively difficult knee height - it can only be driven back out to long-on;
14.3;1;Utseya to Haddin, 1 run worked out to cover for a quick single;
14.2;?;Utseya to Haddin, no run same ball, same result;
14.1;?;Utseya to Haddin, no run immediately on the money, poked down defensively;
13.6;1;Masakadza to Haddin, 1 run on the back foot, played behind point;
13.5;?;Masakadza to Haddin, no run pushed on the back foot, defended down;
13.4;W;Masakadza to Symonds, OUT sharp work from Brendan Taylor as Symonds slipped moving forward while looking to cut. Forget the replays, Symonds looked immediately worried - and so he should have done;Andrew Symonds st ?Taylor b Masakadza 33 (40m 25b 4x4 0x6) SR: 132;
13.3;1;Masakadza to Hodge, 1 run driven to cover for a quick single;
13.2;6;Masakadza to Hodge, SIX runs the first six of the evening, and that went a long way - whisked up and over mid-on with a powerful front-foot strike. Clean and cool;
13.1;1;Masakadza to Symonds, 1 run driven wide out towards deep midwicket for a quick single;
12.6;?;Taibu to Hodge, no run up there, defended on the back foot towards the bowler;
12.5;1;Taibu to Symonds, 1 run wide and cut lateish behind point;
12.4;2;Taibu to Symonds, 2 runs straighter, but still with enough width to run down to third man - and then they take an extra run through some sloppy fielding;
12.3;1;Taibu to Hodge, 1 run driven forward for a quick single;
12.2;4;Taibu to Hodge, FOUR runs very wide and Hodge was kind, I think, in reaching out for that and cut through cover;
12.1;1b;Taibu to Symonds, 1 bye a big slash to a wideish one - and he missed it;
11.6;1;Chibhabha to Symonds, 1 run a touch outside off, driven uppishly towards deep extra cover;
11.5;1;Chibhabha to Hodge, 1 run swivelled down to square leg;
11.4;1;Chibhabha to Symonds, 1 run run down to third man for a quick single;
11.3;?;Chibhabha to Symonds, no run straighter, driven back to the bowler;
11.2;2;Chibhabha to Symonds, 2 runs worked out to the cover boundary and quickly returned;
11.1;4;Chibhabha to Symonds, FOUR runs short and punished through midwicket;
10.6;2;Utseya to Hodge, 2 runs a fluff at third man, but the outfield's slow and the fielder makes quick amends;
10.5;?;Utseya to Hodge, no run driven towards mid-on, the bowler pouncing on to it;
10.4;1;Utseya to Symonds, 1 run uncontrolled dink to midwicket, one hand flying up off the bat - but an easy enough single;
10.3;2;Utseya to Symonds, 2 runs waited, waited and adjusted at the last minute with a poke to midwicket;
10.2;4;Utseya to Symonds, FOUR runs down the track to straight drive back over his head;
10.1;?;Utseya to Symonds, no run driven back to the bowler who tidies up;
9.6;?;Chibhabha to Hodge, no run perfect line, perfect length, and a defiant defensive shot to finish.;
9.5;1;Chibhabha to Symonds, 1 run nudged away for another single;
9.5;1w;Chibhabha to Symonds, 1 wide poor delivery, which is called a wide, but it could have been much worse. It was a leg-side long-hop and an off-form Symonds would have deposited that into the brewery;
9.4;1;Chibhabha to Hodge, 1 run dabbed down to third man, and Hodge is off the mark;
9.3;?;Chibhabha to Hodge, no run lovely delivery, nips off the seam to collective "oohs" from Zimbabwe fielders and fans alike;
9.2;W;Chibhabha to Hussey, OUT Sibanda pulls off a brilliant direct hit from point, and Hussey is on his way! That's a massive wicket. He dropped the ball into the off side and set off for the run, but was sent back as Sibanda swooped and hit with one stump to aim at;Michael Hussey run out (Sibanda) 15 (20m 23b 1x4 0x6) SR: 65.21;
9.1;?;Chibhabha to Hussey, no run Hussey dances down the track but is forced to adjust into a late defensive prod as Chibhabha hits the seam;
8.6;3;Utseya to Hussey, 3 runs nearly a terrible mix-up as Symonds hurtles back for a chancy third bye. Hussey attempted a reverse-sweep, nutmegged the keeper, but picked up some vital runs nonetheless;
8.5;2;Utseya to Hussey, 2 runs nudged out to midwicket for another single;
8.4;1;Utseya to Symonds, 1 run a low full-toss, but Symonds doesn't capitalise, driving firmly but carefully down to long-on;
8.3;1;Utseya to Hussey, 1 run flicked out to the midwicket sweeper;
8.2;?;Utseya to Hussey, no run a squeaked appeal as Hussey cramps himself for room;
8.1;4;Utseya to Hussey, FOUR runs lovely drive, and a confident strike as Hussey makes room and places his lofted drive superbly;
7.6;4;Chibhabha to Symonds, FOUR runs another boundary for Symonds, but it's not his most elegant - a sliced drive down to third man, which trickles across the rope as two fielders slide into each other. It's sluggish batting and a sluggish outfield, and it's suiting Zimbabwe just fine;
7.5;?;Chibhabha to Symonds, no run fuller length but excellent line. Symonds tries to bludgeon his way through the covers, but can't get it away;
7.4;1;Chibhabha to Hussey, 1 run defended with an angled bat, and Hussey hustles through for an urgent single;
7.3;?;Chibhabha to Hussey, no run right on the spot again. No pace to work with at all;
7.2;?;Chibhabha to Hussey, no run;
7.1;?;Chibhabha to Hussey, no run Chibhabha replaces the excellent Brent, and starts accurately enough;
6.6;4;Mupariwa to Symonds, FOUR runs a fraction too short this time, and Symonds leaps into the offering like a starving man - and given his size you can imagine how hungry he must be. The ball beats third man for a rare boundary.;
6.6;1w;Mupariwa to Symonds, 1 wide bad areas that time, swinging away down the leg-side;
6.5;1;Mupariwa to Hussey, 1 run good areas once again, as the cliche goes. But areas are what it's all about for Zimbabwe;
6.4;1;Mupariwa to Symonds, 1 run slashed urgently out to the cover sweeper. Runs are coming at a trickle;
6.3;?;Mupariwa to Symonds, no run right on the spot again and defended back down the track with the most vertical bat of the tournament so far;
6.2;2;Mupariwa to Symonds, 2 runs forced behind point with a slashing drive, but there's not enough pace on the ball to beat the field;
6.1;1;Mupariwa to Hussey, 1 run pushed into the covers and another jogged single, Hussey simply hasn't found his timing yet and Taibu cleans up;
5.6;?;Brent to Symonds, no run a stifled appeal as Brent zips one off the seam and into Symonds' pads. Not out is the verdict, but that's another precious dot ball;
5.5;?;Brent to Symonds, no run zips through to the keeper as Symonds is caught flat-footed in an attempted drive;
5.4;1;Brent to Hussey, 1 run on the pads and clipped away. A welcome run for the beleaguered Aussies;
5.3;?;Brent to Hussey, no run lovely delivery, swinging across the left-hander's bows and through to the keeper;
5.2;?;Brent to Hussey, no run going across the batsman this time, and nibbled at uneasily. Hussey is looking extremely rusty in the rain;
5.1;?;Brent to Hussey, no run excellent line and length from Brent, jagging back into Hussey just enough to hurry his defensive stroke;
4.6;1;Mupariwa to Hussey, 1 run;
4.5;?;Mupariwa to Hussey, no run wide of off stump, and this time it's called, a little harshly, if you ask me. Meanwhile, there's massive support for Zimbabwe in the stands. Everyone loves an underdog;
4.4;?;Mupariwa to Hussey, no run driven, but uneasily, out to cover;
4.3;?;Mupariwa to Hussey, no run tighter to the stumps, but Hussey can't work it away square. No pace to utilise at all;
4.2;?;Mupariwa to Hussey, no run tempting line, just begging to be biffed. But Hussey isn't going to fall for it just yet. He's got a job to do here ...;
4.2;1w;Mupariwa to Hussey, 1 wide width again, but left alone again;
4.1;?;Mupariwa to Hussey, no run a change of bowling, and a watchful start from Hussey who left well alone outside off stump;
3.6;W;Brent to Ponting, OUT well well well well ... Ponting uses his feet again, and this time he perishes! A wild swing finds only an outside edge, and after an eternity third man steadies himself to claim a massive wicket! Australia, officially, are in strife.;Ricky Ponting c Chigumbura b Brent 8 (14m 15b 1x4 0x6) SR: 53.33;
3.5;?;Brent to Ponting, no run stifled appeal as Ponting shuffles across his stumps, but nothing doing from the umpire. Testing times ...;
3.4;?;Brent to Ponting, no run lovely outswinger to follow up, and a neat take from Taylor;
3.3;4;Brent to Ponting, FOUR runs Ponting's had enough of beating around the bush. He uses his feet gloriously and picks the gap in the covers with expert timing.;
3.2;?;Brent to Ponting, no run pushed onto the back foot and driven to point. No way through there;
3.1;1;Brent to Symonds, 1 run dabbed down to third man for a welcome single;
2.6;2;Chigumbura to Ponting, 2 runs a massive biff this time from Ponting, but that shot just plugs in the turf at cow corner like a Tiger Woods approach shot. Tough times for the Aussies;
2.5;?;Chigumbura to Ponting, no run half-driven to cover. No room for manoeuvre;
2.4;?;Chigumbura to Ponting, no run defended again;
2.3;?;Chigumbura to Ponting, no run defended watchfully. What must the skipper be thinking right now?;
2.2;W;Chigumbura to Gilchrist, OUT short and Gilchrist goes for the pull ... but miscues it horribly! The ball spirals into the dank Newlands heavens and midwicket pouches a comfortable catch! Australia, in their first competitive match since the World Cup final, are in something resembling disarray ...;Adam Gilchrist c Matsikenyeri b Chigumbura 4 (9m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
2.1;1;Chigumbura to Ponting, 1 run driven down to deep backward point;
1.6;1;Brent to Ponting, 1 run floated onto leg stump and on-driven, but midwicket fields well with a dive. Australia, dare one say it, are being a little tied down for the moment;
1.5;?;Brent to Ponting, no run whipped off the legs, but fielded with a juggle at short midwicket.;
1.4;?;Brent to Ponting, no run drawn forward in a circumspect defensive stroke. Very respectful play so far from Australia;
1.3;1;Brent to Gilchrist, 1 run tucked up on the legs and Ponting calls Gilchrist through for a scampered single.;
1.2;?;Brent to Gilchrist, no run back on a good length outside off, and defended into the covers with a loud "no!";
1.2;1w;Brent to Gilchrist, 1 wide even further down leg-side. And swinging as well. That's useful, but only if you can control it ...;
1.2;1w;Brent to Gilchrist, 1 wide too far down the leg-side this time;
1.1;?;Brent to Gilchrist, no run good wheels, Brenty, good wheels. No great pace, but accurate enough;
0.6;?;Chigumbura to Ponting, no run a tidy line to finish, and Chigumbura takes his sweater at the end of a nerve-settling and successful over. First blood to Zimbabwe;
0.5;?;Chigumbura to Ponting, no run a sighter outside off stump, and an expansive leave from Ponting.;
0.4;W;Chigumbura to Hayden, OUT would you believe it! Outside off, nipping away off the seam in the damp conditions, and Hayden's massive swipe finds only the thinnest of edges! Jubilation for the Zimbabweans, and the first wicket is down;Matthew Hayden c ?Taylor b Chigumbura 4 (2m 2b 1x4 0x6) SR: 200;
0.3;4;Chigumbura to Hayden, FOUR runs oops, there was a bit more room there. Short and outside off, and Hayden's first shot is a brutal pull in front of square. The Aussies are off;
0.2;1;Chigumbura to Gilchrist, 1 run tucked up again, and nudged away behind square. Good tight line so far. No room to free the arms... yet;
0.1;2;Chigumbura to Gilchrist, 2 runs decent start from Chigumbura, a full length on middle and off, and Gilchrist flicks off his pads to start the proceedings;

6.01pm One last delay while the sightscreen is adjusted. We'll get going soon, I promise
6pm Right, here we go. The Zimbabweans are in the field, the umpire is looking at his watch, and the Aussie batsmen, Adam Gilchrist and Matthew Hayden, are ready to get underway. Elton Chigumbura will take the new ball
5.55pm It was just a passing shower, happily, and so play is all set to get underway shortly, weather permitting. The jolly fine dancers are getting into the swing of things, at any rate.
5.45pm Keith Lane, our South African colleague, tells us of a joke doing the rounds in the lead-up to the matches here. "They are preparing the indoor nets at Newlands for nine bowl-outs."
"The opening at Newlands will be played by Wet Wet Wet," adds Keith.
Here, meanwhile, are the teams:
Australia Adam Gilchrist, Matthew Hayden, Ricky Ponting, Andrew Symonds, Mike Hussey, Brad Hodge, Brad Haddin, Brett Lee, Mitchell Johnson, Nathan Bracken, Stuart Clark.
Zimbabwe Vusi Sibanda, Hamilton Masakadza, Chamu Chibhabha, Brendon Taylor, Elton Chigumbura, Stuart Matsikenyeri, Keith Dabengwa, Prosper Utseya (capt), Gary Brent, Tawanda Mupariwa
5.50pm It's raining! "It just swept in all of a sudden," says our doctor of meteorology, Andrew McGlashan. "It doesn't look like it will last too long, but I was wrong when I said it wouldn't rain so don't count on it ... clearly I'm not a doctor of weather." I beg to differ. Michael Fish would be proud of such predictions.
5.45pm Ponting and Prosper Utseya are in the middle. Ponting calls correctly and Australia have chosen to bat. "No excuses for us going forward," declares Ponting, with his serious hat wedged firmly in place. Time for the fans to don their hard hats.
5.40pm Australia, lest we forget, are decked out in state-of-the-art canary-yellow singlets for this competition. Ricky Ponting is not a fan of the format, but let's see what sort of a show his team puts on today. The toss is coming right up ...
5.35pm The captains are making their way to the middle for the toss. The wicket is dry on top but a little soft beneath the surface, reckons Nasser Hussain. The shortest leg-side boundary is 67 yards to the brewery boundary so "hit towards the mountain," is Hussain's advice.
5.20pm Our man at the ground, "Dr" Andrew McGlashan (well, that's what it says on his press pass at any rate ...) is faintly optimistic that the weather is going to say clear tonight. "Both teams are preparing as they would for any game," adds the doc, "although in the nets earlier Andrew Symonds was giving it a real thwack...so nothing much changes there either. The Zimbabweans don't look particularly threatening in the warm-ups, while on the other side of the ground Hayden and co. are flexing their muscles like school-yard bullies."
4.50pm The Zimbabweans are on the outfield warming up with some football while the Aussies are having a game of touch rugby. No sign of any cricket ...
4.25pm Good afternoon and welcome to this afternoon's match between Australia, the world No.1, and Zimbabwe, the side which according to the rather addled thinking of ICC president Ray Mali could be No. 1 within three years. Cherie Blair could also win Miss World.
The weather in Cape Town is fine and sunny at the moment, a few clouds over Table Mountain but we should be OK.
Remarkably, 15,000 tickets have been sold for this match already, so a near three-quarter full house is expected, which is great for the organisers. They will almost certainly be hoping that Australia bat first. The bookies are not expecting any upsets ... Australia are 50-1 on for the win. Will Mali put his money where his mouth is and back his neighbours at 10-1?
 Innings Start
The Zimbabwe team race on to the pitch, engulfing each other. This is a magnificent result and, it must be said, a thoroughly deserved victory. Zimbabwe have played so well this evening. "Congratulations Zimbabwe" flashes up on the board - not a phrase expected before this match. Remember you could have got 10 to 1 on Zimbabwe at the start of this game, in a two-horse race. And Australia were 50-1 on.
Zimbabwe really have shone in this match, with nerveless fielding, accurate bowling and then an excellent display of batting from a confident Taylor who carried his bat to bring up an unbeaten 60. Ponting is still smiling: "We've been outplayed." He calls the batting "diabolical" but wait, read this: "It's a mental thing for us - we've got to start respecting the game a bit more." There it is, Ponting has said it: Australia have admitted they have been taking the game too lightheartedly.
Perhaps lessons from the 2005 Ashes have not been learned, when their drubbing - having dismissed Twenty20 as "a bit of fun" - set the tone for the summer. And this result tonight is interesting - we did wonder if Australia had a fall coming given their confidence heading into the tournament, though nobody expected that it would be so dramatic, nor that they would lose to Zimbabwe. Their upcoming opponents, though, must be fearing a resurgence - perhaps the monster will be woken now.
Let's focus now, though, on Utseya who is calm in the win. "We needed someone to play sensible, Brendan Taylor did that." He said he was going to bowl first anyway, so the toss was unimportant. Utseya leaves the interview, punching his fist in the air. As well he might. What an extraordinary match we have just witnessed. Taylor is the Man of the Match. "Words can't describe the win. Allround brilliant performance by the guys." He said it.
Thanks so much for joining us this evening. We've enjoyed it massively - we being me, Jenny Thompson and my colleague Andrew Miller (with Martin Williamson on bulletin drums) - and we hope you have too. Come back tomorrow as Zimbabwe won't have time to catch their breath before playing England - though doubtless the momentum will help them.
19.5;4lb;Bracken to Taylor, 4 leg byes and that's it! A remarkable victory for Zimbabwe, as that's turned finely through fine leg and races away eluding a diving Clark at full stretch on the rope - but he's beaten and so are Australia. Astonishing.;
19.4;1;Bracken to Chigumbura, 1 run down the track and he nearly falls over in the effort - a single results and Taylor's back on strike;
19.3;2;Bracken to Chigumbura, 2 runs driven strongly out to long-on and they come back for two runs which were comfortable enough in the end;
19.2;1;Bracken to Taylor, 1 run drive to cover for a single;
19.1;4;Bracken to Taylor, FOUR runs low full toss outside off, Taylor reaches out to somehow sweep behind square, eluding the man on the way;
18.6;1;Lee to Taylor, 1 run eases back into his crease, but Lee's fired that one in full once more, and then driven out to extra cover where it's well marshalled on the boundary by the sweeper;
18.5;2;Lee to Taylor, 2 runs worked behind square for two;
18.4;1;Lee to Chigumbura, 1 run stuns the ball down right onto the batting crease and they run through a very quick single, Lee running soen and breaking the stumps with his hand, not the ball;
18.3;W;Lee to Masakadza, OUT dangerous shot - sounded like an edge but there wasn't - Masakadza trying the sweep and paying for it. You don't get plumber and that wasn't a tough decision;Hamilton Masakadza lbw b Lee 27 (28b 2x4 0x6) SR: 96.42;
18.2;1;Lee to Taylor, 1 run another yorker, dug out again, with a drive towards the cover boundary;
18.1;1;Lee to Masakadza, 1 run yorker, well bowled, but poor fielding as Zimbabwe scramble a single a metre or so square of the wicket as the ball crashes off the bat into the pad and back out there;
17.6;1;Bracken to Masakadza, 1 run full again, driven down the ground towards long-on;
17.5;?;Bracken to Masakadza, no run steps back to give himself room and drives back to Bracken again;
17.4;?;Bracken to Masakadza, no run driven strongly back to Bracken who is vigilant in tidying up;
17.3;2;Bracken to Masakadza, 2 runs another full toss, driven through extra cover this time and they took the throw on from Hussey - a good decision because they were back easily;
17.2;1;Bracken to Taylor, 1 run on off, firmly struck straight towards long-off for one. A two would have been too risky, there;
17.1;1;Bracken to Masakadza, 1 run full toss slants across the right hander, who drives back to cover where it's well stopped;
16.6;1;Lee to Masakadza, 1 run full on leg, and well dug out to midwicket for a quick single;
16.5;2;Lee to Masakadza, 2 runs on off, driven out to mid-off for a quick single - which becomes two as there's an overthrow from Clark's mis-shy at the non-striker's stumps;
16.4;?;Lee to Masakadza, no run pushed on to the back foot and two fielders bound in from the off-side ring to tidy up;
16.3;1;Lee to Taylor, 1 run sensible single there - Taylor pushing to cover and setting off immediately to bring up an excellent fifty;
16.2;1;Lee to Masakadza, 1 run full toss, thigh height, driven out in front of short midwicket for an easy one;
16.1;1;Lee to Taylor, 1 run well bowled, low and in on off-stick, driven back out to cover;
15.6;?;Johnson to Masakadza, no run worked into the leg, tight, and they look for a quick single, but decide not to;
15.5;4;Johnson to Masakadza, FOUR runs width outside off; huge outside edge from an attempted cover drive lands safe - and that runs away;
15.4;2;Johnson to Masakadza, 2 runs pushed across the righthander and worked down to third man;
15.3;1;Johnson to Taylor, 1 run brings his bat down on that one late to knock it into the covers for a quick single;
15.2;1;Johnson to Masakadza, 1 run played into the covers;
15.1;?;Johnson to Masakadza, no run down the track and gets back as Johnson takes the sticks. A tight one, but incredibly Australia do not refer it. Replays look like he was out - possible shocker there. No appeal - and that was too close not to refer;
14.6;6;Hodge to Taylor, SIX runs terrible full toss to bring up the hundred in fine style - booming srtaight drive over long-on. Very well connected;
14.5;1;Hodge to Masakadza, 1 run full, on off, driven back out to mid-on for a safe single;
14.4;1;Hodge to Taylor, 1 run driven out to mid-off for a quick single;
14.3;?;Hodge to Taylor, no run driven to mid-on;
14.2;6;Hodge to Taylor, SIX runs big six - straight down the ground. Taylor comes down the track and plants right over long-off;
14.1;1;Hodge to Masakadza, 1 run knocked to mid-on for an easy single;
13.6;1;Symonds to Masakadza, 1 run full toss, on leg, awkward height - keeping low - and rushed off the legs to the man at deep square;
13.5;4;Symonds to Masakadza, FOUR runs short and forcefully pulled through square for a one-bounce four;
13.4;?;Symonds to Masakadza, no run up there, on off, driven back to the bowler who picks it up easily;
13.3;1;Symonds to Taylor, 1 run flicked away to deep square for a single;
13.2;1;Symonds to Masakadza, 1 run worked off the legs;
13.1;?;Symonds to Masakadza, no run oops. short ball invited the hook - and Clark hardly went for it; a dive forward at fine leg and he could have been on to that. He possibly didn't pick it up;
12.6;4;Hodge to Taylor, FOUR runs dragged a touch short and the pressure bursts instantly with a cut away behind point off the back foot;
12.5;?;Hodge to Taylor, no run another dot ball for Hodge;
12.4;?;Hodge to Taylor, no run another good delivery, defended forward;
12.3;?;Hodge to Taylor, no run how international cricket has missed Gilchrist's "Aw, yes, mates" but he makes up for them there with one as that's on the spot and defended;
12.2;?;Hodge to Taylor, no run pace right off the ball, on a good length, and defended forward;
12.1;1;Hodge to Masakadza, 1 run looped up there, a forthright drive eased to Hayden at long-off;
11.6;1;Symonds to Masakadza, 1 run played off the back foot to mid-on;
11.5;?;Symonds to Masakadza, no run tight on off, stands tall, and works the ball into short midwicket;
11.4;?;Symonds to Masakadza, no run worked into the covers;
11.3;1;Symonds to Taylor, 1 run guided easily to midwicket;
11.2;1;Symonds to Masakadza, 1 run defended on the back foot and worked down past first slip;
11.1;1;Symonds to Taylor, 1 run forgettable - dragged it down and the batsman doesn't time the pull properly;
10.6;1;Clark to Taylor, 1 run driven to mid-off for a quick single;
10.5;W;Clark to Stuart, OUT goes to hook, a huge top-edge goes high and back down into Gilchrist's hands - the keeper didn't have to do too much there, just hold on;Stuart Matsikenyeri c ?Gilchrist b Clark 3 (11m 8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 37.5;
10.4;?;Clark to Stuart, no run Matsikenyeri backed away this time and swished at it on the back foot - the ball sailing over the stumps;
10.3;1;Clark to Taylor, 1 run backing away and away and eventually presses forward in defence - could have waited and turned to leg but it wasn't to be;
10.2;2;Clark to Taylor, 2 runs back-foot drive, terrible misfield from the usually excellent Symonds who fluffs at cover, the ball heading through his legs. Overthrow results;
10.1;1;Clark to Stuart, 1 run late cut poked wide of first slip - Ponting's flashing hand, and dive, stopping that. Tight work;
9.6;2;Johnson to Taylor, 2 runs driven square off the back foot, doesn't quite time it, but that's one more run to take Zimbabwe level on D/L. It couldn't get much more exciting;
9.5;4;Johnson to Taylor, FOUR runs that's a massive boundary for Zimbabwe. Short, and Taylor made room to slap a short ball through the gap at point;
9.4;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run;
9.3;1;Johnson to Stuart, 1 run a crazy moment! Matsikenyeri could have been run out at both ends, but two shies both miss, and overthrows are the result! Gosh;
9.2;?;Johnson to Stuart, no run short but arrow-straight. Matsikenyeri attempts to cut, but misses;
9.1;1;Johnson to Taylor, 1 run driven with an open face and third man thinks he's in with a chance for a moment. In the end it bounces just short;
8.6;?;Clark to Stuart, no run defended to complete the over, and Zimbabwe slip two runs behind on D/L ...;
8.5;1;Clark to Taylor, 1 run slashed and slashed hard, but not the same pace on the ball as before, and third man fields;
8.4;?;Clark to Taylor, no run a bit of a waft outside off, but no edge;
8.3;1;Clark to Stuart, 1 run nurdled down to fine leg;
8.2;?;Clark to Stuart, no run defended into the covers, and the rain gets heavier;
8.1;1;Clark to Taylor, 1 run nudged into the gap. A lot rests on Taylor now;
7.6;W;Johnson to Taibu, OUT no width at all this time. That was a perfect lifter on middle stump and seaming away to boot. Taibu feathers a limp defensive stroke to the keeper, and Australia are starting to assert themselves at last.;Tatenda Taibu c ?Gilchrist b Johnson 0 (3m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
7.5;?;Johnson to Taibu, no run wide of the off stump again, and that's another marginal call;
7.4;?;Johnson to Taibu, no run tighter to off stump and good lift off the pitch. Taibu shoulders arms, because he doesn't need to rush this;
7.4;1w;Johnson to Taibu, 1 wide this time it is called and rightly so. Another one to the tally;
7.3;?;Johnson to Taibu, no run wide of off stump, but not called. Taibu looks askance at the umpire;
7.2;?;Johnson to Taibu, no run another ripper. Welcome to the crease, Tatenda;
7.1;?;Johnson to Taibu, no run lovely ball, good lift and carry. Taibu does well not to edge that;
6.6;W;Clark to Chibhabha, OUT that's a massive steepler - it's gone straight up in the air and almost tops out above the Newlands lights. Any man on the field could have claimed it, but Gilchrist with the gloves steps forward, and is a very relieved man to end that mini-onslaught;Chamu Chibhabha c ?Gilchrist b Clark 15 (13m 14b 3x4 0x6) SR: 107.14;
6.5;?;Clark to Chibhabha, no run short, and Chibhabha ducks. The crowd bays for a wide, but Clark gets away with it. Only just mind.;
6.4;1;Clark to Taylor, 1 run another single. Superb running between these two, and Ricky Ponting is feeling a little lost;
6.3;4;Clark to Taylor, FOUR runs the momentum is all red and black. That's too short from Clark, and Taylor uses the pace to cut that into the gap behind point. Cool as you like;
6.2;1;Clark to Chibhabha, 1 run fuller, and angling into off stump, but another single thanks to some sharp calling. They don't have to do much more than that;
6.1;1;Clark to Taylor, 1 run on the spot, but without much nip, and Taylor has all the time in the world to dab that down to third man. Another run is notched off the requirement;
5.6;?;Johnson to Chibhabha, no run a dot ball to finish, but that's an expensive start. And Zimbabwe are inching ever closer to a monstrous upset;
5.5;4;Johnson to Chibhabha, FOUR runs or not! This time he makes contact, and some! The ball was pitched up and right in the slot, and Chibhabha made no mistake whatsoever. Clean as a whistle over long-off!;
5.4;?;Johnson to Chibhabha, no run whoosh - that had intent, but it was rather a windy woof, as Richie Benaud once put it. Easy now ...;
5.3;4;Johnson to Chibhabha, FOUR runs misdirected - short and a long-hop to boot. Chibhabha glances expertly to beat the man on the 45, and that's another boundary;
5.2;?;Johnson to Chibhabha, no run driven hard, but this time straight to short cover;
5.1;1;Johnson to Taylor, 1 run On the spot first ball, and pushed into the gap in the covers;
4.6;4;Clark to Chibhabha, FOUR runs that's a quality strike - straight down the ground with the highest of elbows. It wouldn't have looked out of place in a Test match. Which is how Australia are going to have to play this now ...;
4.5;?;Clark to Chibhabha, no run a swing and a miss. A few dot-balls creeping in now. Zimbabwe need to keep the strike rotating. Or at least keep their cool if it doesn't;
4.4;?;Clark to Chibhabha, no run short and left well alone as Gilchrist takes the ball at shoulder-height;
4.3;?;Clark to Chibhabha, no run dabbed out to the covers and a direct hit would have been close. Instead it's a fumble. Australia aren't yet as sharp in the field as Zimbabwe were;
4.2;2;Clark to Chibhabha, 2 runs a touch too straight, and Chibhabha nurdles down to fine leg. The scoreboard keeps ticking;
4.1;1;Clark to Taylor, 1 run right on the spot, but Taylor defends into the gap and that's another single;
3.6;?;Bracken to Chibhabha, no run full length, bending back into the right-hander, defended into the covers to complete the over;
3.5;W;Bracken to Sibanda, OUT in the slot for a swing, but Sibanda's gone this time! A bit of lift and away-movement, and Gilchrist behind the stumps takes a comfortable catch. Still, Sibanda has done his bit. He's given his team the start they needed ...;Vusi Sibanda c ?Gilchrist b Bracken 23 (16m 15b 5x4 0x6) SR: 153.33;
3.4;?;Bracken to Sibanda, no run outside off and swinging away. A better length, but safely negotiated;
3.3;4;Bracken to Sibanda, FOUR runs blam! That flew straight back over Bracken's head with a stand-and-deliver swing of the blade! Decapitation was an option there. What on earth is going on?;
3.2;1;Bracken to Taylor, 1 run fuller length and that's dabbed behind point for a single. Clever, sensible play, from Taylor, who's keeping a cool head while Australia lose theirs;
3.1;2;Bracken to Taylor, 2 runs down the pitch and clobbered over the top. Fantastic intent from these two batsmen. The ball plugs in the outfield, but no matter. The momentum is with them;
2.6;?;Lee to Sibanda, no run a better delivery to finish, but Australia are suddenly in a bit of strife;
2.5;4;Lee to Sibanda, FOUR runs crash! A second boundary in the over, and that's even sweeter than the first. Whistles through point and all the way to the rope;
2.4;4;Lee to Sibanda, FOUR runs that's a fantastic strike - fast, too full, and Sibanda gives himself room to free his arms, and carves Lee clean through the covers;
2.3;2;Lee to Sibanda, 2 runs into position for the pull shot - can't quite time it, but it's good enough to beat midwicket. Aggressive running brings two, and Zimbabwe are calling the shots;
2.2;1;Lee to Taylor, 1 run Taylor backs away to give himself room. Can't time the backfoot steer, but another single as slip rushes up to field;
2.1;?;Lee to Taylor, no run fast and furious again. But only one slip for Lee;
1.6;4;Bracken to Sibanda, FOUR runs lovely strike! Down on one knee and a full flourish of the bat. The outfield is still sluggish but that was sweetly timed - and placed - and trickles across the rope. Well played;
1.5;?;Bracken to Sibanda, no run fuller and straighter from Bracken, but more good calling results in another important single. Plenty for Ponting to ponder as he adjusts the field;
1.4;?;Bracken to Sibanda, no run down the pitch and that's a big swing from Sibanda. He doesn't connect, but the positive intent has to be encouraged;
1.3;1;Bracken to Taylor, 1 run drawn forward and that's some positive intent from Taylor - a nudge into the covers and an instant call. He's had a great game with the gloves, so his confidence is up;
1.2;?;Bracken to Taylor, no run good line, threatening to nip back into the right-hander's off stump. Left again;
1.1;?;Bracken to Taylor, no run hint of swing? Left alone at any rate;
0.6;?;Lee to Sibanda, no run drawn forward in a watchful defence;
0.5;4;Lee to Sibanda, FOUR runs short, a thick edge and a genuine chance, but that flew clean through the vacant third slip and all the way to the boundary.;
0.4;1;Lee to Taylor, 1 run pushed back onto the stumps, but Taylor gets off the mark with an angled steer to gully;
0.3;1;Lee to Sibanda, 1 run full and pushed into the covers, a direct hit would have been close, but Hussey misses. It's all happening out there;
0.2;?;Lee to Sibanda, no run that's much better - short, angry and quick. Sibanda does well to lift his gloves well out of the way. He's furious ... with himself and everything around him;
0.1;?;Lee to Sibanda, no run short and tucked off the hips. A slight misfield at square leg gives Sibanda notions of a single, but he thinks better of it;
0.1;1w;Lee to Sibanda, 1 wide fast again, and off target again. Sibanda wafts but doesn't come close, and the umpire signals another wide;
0.1;1w;Lee to Sibanda, 1 wide oops, that's fast, furious and misdirected ... Rusty?;

There wasn't much that reached the third-man boundary in Australia's innings. Their extra pace may not be an asset in the conditions ...
 Innings Start
Australia
Zimbabwe
4th Match, Group B (N), Cape Town, Sep 12 2007, ICC World Twenty20
138/9
139/5
Player of the match is Brendan Taylor, ZIM
Zimbabwe won by 5 wickets (with 1 ball remaining)
