Data
5.33pm The Australian bowlers have done their job. Some excellent aggressive bowling from them. Starc is back on top of the tree. Hazlewood has proven his line and length is a better pick than Cummins in a team of two other express quick bowlers. Johnson has shown signs of the return of some of the menace. Maxwell produced two crucial wickets in the middle. Faulkner was exceptional in the batting Powerplay and in the end. When Watson bowls five overs for 17 and is the least talked about, you know the attack is doing a lot of things right. They have now taken 59 wickets out of the 60 available to them
Pakistan's batsmen once again brought pressure upon themselves. Loose shots at the top, slow going in the middle, resulting in low-percentage cricket. Their batting needs a revolution. How long can they keep asking their bowlers to bail them out? For all their bowling greatness in the '90s, we must not forget that the likes of Saeed Anwar and Inzamam and Mohammad Yousuf were quite modern for that time. They were possibly ahead of the curve. This Pakistan batting needs to evolve. Once again they are looking at the bowlers to do the improbable. Alan Gardner in about 45 minutes will narrate to you if they can manage it. This is Sidharth Monga signing off
49.5;W;Faulkner to Ehsan Adil, OUT this time it has gone to hand. Faulkner gets a wicket, Starc takes a lovely catch. Clears the front let to pull, gets a top edge towards top edge, Starc rushes in and takes this low and diving forward;Ehsan Adil c Starc b Faulkner 15 (32m 22b 1x4 0x6) SR: 68.18;
49.4;2;Faulkner to Ehsan Adil, 2 runs moves all over the crease before coming back to his normal stance, and edges this back over the bowler's head for a couple;
49.3;?;Faulkner to Ehsan Adil, no run tries the same shot this time but Faulkner slips in a bouncer to beat him;
49.2;4;Faulkner to Ehsan Adil, FOUR runs that had come out of nowhere. First boundary in exactly nine overs. Faulkner bowls length with mid-on up, and he clears the front leg to clear that man;
49.1;1;Faulkner to Rahat Ali, 1 run makes room to try to slog one to leg, gets a bottom edge for a single;
48.6;1;Watson to Rahat Ali, 1 run looks for the yorker, which swings in, but concedes a single off the inside edge;
48.5;?;Watson to Rahat Ali, no run short of a length, makes room to swing into the leg side, and is beaten by the angle that cramps him up;
48.4;?;Watson to Rahat Ali, no run full and straight this time, there is no room, Rahat keeps it out;
48.3;?;Watson to Rahat Ali, no run short again, hurries onto him, the pull ends up going to cover. Doesn't carry;
48.2;?;Watson to Rahat Ali, no run another bouncer, and beats the top edge once again as he backs away;
48.1;?;Watson to Rahat Ali, no run bouncer, he makes room and tries to pull. Beaten by the height of it;
31.6;4;Hazlewood to Maqsood, FOUR runs Maqsood counterattacks. Shuffles across to a length ball, gets under it, and lofts it over mid-on for four;
31.5;?;Hazlewood to Maqsood, no run short of a length, on off, defended from the crease;
31.4;1;Hazlewood to Afridi, 1 run deft touch by Afridi after winding up for a big hit. Runs this off the face of the bat over slip for one;
31.3;1;Hazlewood to Maqsood, 1 run shuffles across to punch this to deep cover for one;
31.2;?;Hazlewood to Maqsood, no run short of a length, outside off, punched to point;
31.1;2;Hazlewood to Maqsood, 2 runs short of a length, looks to punch it, gets a thick edge to third man;
30.6;?;Johnson to Afridi, no run wide half-volley, Afridi's bottom hand comes off as he drives. Finds the man at point;
30.5;1;Johnson to Maqsood, 1 run tucked away off the hip for a single;
30.4;?;Johnson to Maqsood, no run full, outside off, pushed to mid-off;
30.3;?;Johnson to Maqsood, no run into the ribs again, at 144.4 ks, defended to leg;
30.2;?;Johnson to Maqsood, no run nearly an exceptional return catch. Short of a length, into the ribs, Maqsood looks to fend this to leg, gets a leading edge to his left. This is a soft leading edge, Johnson has enough time to go to his left and take it one-handed. Except that he has to go against the angle. He gets a hand to it, but can't hang on;
30.1;?;Johnson to Maqsood, no run length ball, pushed on the up, to long-off;
47.6;1;Faulkner to Rahat Ali, 1 run he makes room and swings, gets a thick edge that clears the cover ring;
47.5;?;Faulkner to Rahat Ali, no run on a length, no room, gets a thick leading edge towards cover;
47.4;?;Faulkner to Rahat Ali, no run short of a length, on off, makes room to slash, and is beaten;
47.3;1;Faulkner to Ehsan Adil, 1 run on a length, outside off, gets a single to mid-off;
47.2;?;Faulkner to Ehsan Adil, no run short of a length, on off, defended off the back foot;
47.1;?;Faulkner to Ehsan Adil, no run full, outside off, pushed to mid-off;
46.6;?;Watson to Rahat Ali, no run short of a length, seaming in, cramps him up for room. Defended;
46.5;?;Watson to Rahat Ali, no run full, angling in, pushed to mid-on;
46.4;1;Watson to Ehsan Adil, 1 run Watson slips in a sharp bouncer. Adil manages to keep the pull shot down for a single;
46.3;?;Watson to Ehsan Adil, no run on a length, pretty straight, defended to mid-off;
46.2;1;Watson to Rahat Ali, 1 run length ball outside off, bunted for a single to point;
46.1;1;Watson to Ehsan Adil, 1 run length ball outside off, defended with an open face;
29.6;4;Maxwell to Afridi, FOUR runs Afridi is down the wicket and drills this length ball straight of long-off for four;
29.5;?;Maxwell to Afridi, no run flicked to midwicket;
29.4;?;Maxwell to Afridi, no run defended to mid-off;
29.3;4;Maxwell to Afridi, FOUR runs drives hard at a tossed-up half-volley, slices it over backward point;
29.2;2;Maxwell to Afridi, 2 runs paddle-sweeps this fine of short fine leg;
29.1;W;Maxwell to Umar Akmal, OUT what have you done Umar Akmal? This is a long hop at the Adelaide Oval with short square boundaries. Akmal has enough time to pause, do a quick opinion poll on where to hit this in the stands, and then take a selfie before hitting it. Unfortunately for him, he has found out the one man stationed there. Aaron Finch hasn't had to move an inch. Akmal is disgusted with himself. Smashes the bat into his pad;Umar Akmal c Finch b Maxwell 20 (24m 25b 2x4 0x6) SR: 80;
28.6;1;Johnson to Umar Akmal, 1 run slower offcutter, on the pads, worked away;
28.5;4;Johnson to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs driven on the up after moving across to cover the line of the ball. Placed straight of mid-off;
28.4;?;Johnson to Umar Akmal, no run on a length, outside off, defended off the front foot;
28.3;?;Johnson to Umar Akmal, no run full and wide, driven back at Johnson;
28.2;?;Johnson to Umar Akmal, no run on a length, on off, defended with an open face;
28.1;1;Johnson to Maqsood, 1 run short of a length, on off, worked to leg for one;
45.6;1;Faulkner to Ehsan Adil, 1 run full outside off, played with open face to deep point for a single;
45.5;2;Faulkner to Ehsan Adil, 2 runs short of a length, tucked away off the hip with soft hands, gets a couple;
45.4;?;Faulkner to Ehsan Adil, no run short of a length, on off, defended to leg;
45.3;1;Faulkner to Rahat Ali, 1 run slower legcutter, runs off the thick outside edge for a single to point;
45.2;?;Faulkner to Rahat Ali, no run short of a length, angling away, beats the cut this time;
45.1;?;Faulkner to Rahat Ali, no run short of a length, angling away, beats the outside edge;
44.6;?;Starc to Ehsan Adil, no run falls short of what could have been the 19th wicket for Starc. Now he will have to wait for SCG. This is full and straight, he stays back, is squared up, edges it softly, and it falls short of the diving second slip;
44.5;1;Starc to Rahat Ali, 1 run full, angling in to off, he stays back and brings the bat down. The outside edge rolls wide of third slip;
44.4;?;Starc to Rahat Ali, no run full toss outside off, swinging away, beats the outside edge;
44.3;?;Starc to Rahat Ali, no run short of a length, on off, defended from the crease;
44.2;?;Starc to Rahat Ali, no run bouncer, angling in, he ducks under it;
44.1;?;Starc to Rahat Ali, no run yorker, on off, Rahat keeps it out;
43.6;W;Hazlewood to Sohail Khan, OUT Hazlewood ends with four in the quarter-final. Sohail backs away and swings. Gets a massive top edge that goes a million miles and comes down towards gully. Haddin the man with mitts on clears the area, settles under it, keeps his eyes on the swirling ball, and takes a safe catch;Sohail Khan c ?Haddin b Hazlewood 4 (7m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 80;
43.5;1;Hazlewood to Ehsan Adil, 1 run full, swinging in, too straight, goes for a leg-bye;
43.4;?;Hazlewood to Ehsan Adil, no run short of a length, angling in, defended to leg;
43.3;2;Hazlewood to Ehsan Adil, 2 runs full, swinging in, worked to long leg. Good running brings them the second;
43.2;?;Hazlewood to Ehsan Adil, no run short of a length, just outside off, defended from the crease;
43.1;?;Hazlewood to Ehsan Adil, no run length ball outside off, moves across to defend;
42.6;2;Starc to Sohail Khan, 2 runs length ball, angling in, nicely guided past midwicket;
42.5;?;Starc to Sohail Khan, no run yorker outside off, squeezes under the bat;
42.4;?;Starc to Sohail Khan, no run bouncer, angling in, this time he ducks under it;
42.3;2;Starc to Sohail Khan, 2 runs full, angling in, he gets the bat down in time, and gets a couple wide of midwicket. Just in time the bat comes down;
42.2;W;Starc to Wahab Riaz, OUT Starc is the sole leading wicket-taker this World Cup. Finally he has drawn an edge. Riaz has finally hit that little white thing after backing away from the stumps. The outside edge settles nicely with Haddin;Wahab Riaz c ?Haddin b Starc 16 (35m 22b 2x4 0x6) SR: 72.72;
42.1;?;Starc to Wahab Riaz, no run he is full and outside off, and he beats the bat again as this holds its line against the angle;
41.6;?;Hazlewood to Ehsan Adil, no run short of a length, on off, defended from the crease;
41.5;?;Hazlewood to Ehsan Adil, no run full, just outside off, pushed to point with an open face;
41.4;?;Hazlewood to Ehsan Adil, no run short of a length, just outside off, beats the outside edge;
41.3;W;Hazlewood to Maqsood, OUT good shot but he had found the fielder. Full ball, on off, he knows there is no deep cover, he is looking to drive over the ring, just gets too close to the pitch of the ball, and finds Johnson at cover;Sohaib Maqsood c Johnson b Hazlewood 29 (63m 44b 1x4 0x6) SR: 65.9;
41.2;?;Hazlewood to Maqsood, no run looks for the sweep from outside off, looking to go square, gets a thick inside edge onto the pad;
41.1;?;Hazlewood to Maqsood, no run short of a length, on off, punched to mid-off;
40.6;1;Starc to Maqsood, 1 run short of a length, angling in, pushed into the off side for a single;
40.5;?;Starc to Maqsood, no run moves across to push a low full toss straight to mid-on;
40.4;1;Starc to Wahab Riaz, 1 run yorker outside off, dug out for a single;
40.3;?;Starc to Wahab Riaz, no run bouncer at 150ks. Good response from Starc. Riaz gets under the ball;
40.2;4;Starc to Wahab Riaz, FOUR runs that little white thing has gone to the wide long-on boundary. Wahab makes room, Starc follows him with a full ball, Riaz whips it without a back lift, clears midwicket;
40.1;?;Starc to Wahab Riaz, no run Wahab gets a touch on that little white thing, the low full toss, gets an edge to the keeper. On the bounce;
39.6;?;Faulkner to Maqsood, no run full, on off, driven hard straight to mid-off;
39.5;2;Faulkner to Maqsood, 2 runs slower ball, legcutter, driven down the ground;
39.4;5;Faulkner to Wahab Riaz, 5 runs short of a length, at the chest, fended away for one. A silly shy at the stumps from Johnson, and they concede four extra runs;
39.3;?;Faulkner to Wahab Riaz, no run sees him give the charge and bounces him at 141ks. Riaz is swaying out of the line hoping it doesn't hit him;
39.2;?;Faulkner to Wahab Riaz, no run swings and misses here;
39.1;4;Faulkner to Wahab Riaz, FOUR runs and he makes room and swings a length ball through mid-on for four;
38.6;1;Starc to Wahab Riaz, 1 run and another yorker. This is straight at the stumps. Outside edge saves him. They get a single to point;
38.5;?;Starc to Wahab Riaz, no run yorker swinging away outside off, past the outside edge. Some appeal from the slips. No touch involved. Starc tells Wahab, "It's the white thing you have to hit." Fair enough. Riaz has missed quite a few. He goes and complains to the umpire. Erasmus shushes the Aussies.;
38.4;?;Starc to Wahab Riaz, no run wide full ball, swinging away, beats the outside edge;
38.3;1;Starc to Maqsood, 1 run full outside off, driven to third man for one;
38.3;1w;Starc to Maqsood, 1 wide lovely bowling. Sees him back away and bowls a yorker on the tram line. Oh come on. Marais Erasmus has called this a wide. Cut the bowlers some slack, ump;
38.2;?;Starc to Maqsood, no run bouncer from wide on the crease, beats his attempt at the hook;
38.1;?;Starc to Maqsood, no run full and straight, hit straight to extra cover;
37.6;?;Faulkner to Wahab Riaz, no run on a length, holds its line around off, defended back to him;
37.5;?;Faulkner to Wahab Riaz, no run short of a length, angled across, Wahab tries to open the face for a single. Beaten on the outer edge again;
37.4;?;Faulkner to Wahab Riaz, no run short of a length, outside off, pushed to point;
37.3;?;Faulkner to Wahab Riaz, no run and he beats his bat with an angled full ball again;
37.2;?;Faulkner to Wahab Riaz, no run angled across, and he is beaten on the outside edge again. Not quite getting behind the line of the ball;
37.1;1;Faulkner to Maqsood, 1 run length ball outside off, driven to deep cover for one;
36.6;?;Starc to Wahab Riaz, no run full and outside off, swinging away, beats the push;
36.5;1;Starc to Maqsood, 1 run driven on the up, the first blemish in the field for Australia as Warner lets it through at backward point;
36.4;1;Starc to Wahab Riaz, 1 run short of a length, on the pads, allows the easy single;
36.3;?;Starc to Wahab Riaz, no run yorker, dipping, swinging away, beats the outside edge of the bat;
36.2;1;Starc to Maqsood, 1 run nearly another wicket for Starc. Short of a length, gets big on Maqsood who tries to flick this to leg. Top edge falls clear of midwicket;
36.1;2;Starc to Maqsood, 2 runs moves across to work a length ball in front of deep midwicket;
35.6;1;Faulkner to Maqsood, 1 run short of a length, punched back at him. Faulkner misfields to allow a single that breaks the maiden;
35.5;?;Faulkner to Maqsood, no run full, on off, driven with an open face, but straight to extra cover;
35.4;?;Faulkner to Maqsood, no run short of a length, at the stumps, punched back at him;
35.3;?;Faulkner to Maqsood, no run slower offcutter, overpitched, driven to mid-on;
35.2;?;Faulkner to Maqsood, no run full ball, driven straight to short cover;
35.1;?;Faulkner to Maqsood, no run short of a length, outside off, punched to mid-off;
34.6;?;Starc to Wahab Riaz, no run pushes at a full ball tentatively, is beaten by the angle;
34.5;1;Starc to Maqsood, 1 run short-arm pull to deep midwicket for one;
34.4;2;Starc to Maqsood, 2 runs yorker outside off, squeezed past backward point;
34.3;?;Starc to Maqsood, no run on a length, outside off, defended to mid-off;
34.2;?;Starc to Maqsood, no run wide length ball, angling away, he throws his bat it, and is beaten by the angle;
34.1;?;Starc to Maqsood, no run short of a length, on off, defended off the back foot;
33.6;W;Hazlewood to Afridi, OUT he has found out deep midwicket. Finch has taken three deep midwicket catches today. Oh that short square boundary, what a temptress. Afridi looks to pull, but the ball is not short enough. He doesn't get all of it, Finch is prowling there, and takes this head high. Is this the last time Lala has paced off the field with gloves and pads on?;Shahid Afridi c Finch b Hazlewood 23 (21m 15b 3x4 1x6) SR: 153.33;
33.5;1;Hazlewood to Maqsood, 1 run cut away with both his feet in the air, gets a single to third man;
33.4;1;Hazlewood to Afridi, 1 run moves across to work a low full toss into the leg side;
33.3;4;Hazlewood to Afridi, FOUR runs Afridi slashes hard, gets a top edge, and it flies over the keeper's head. This is quite a safe shot. He has given this pull shot his all. More often than not these edges fly safe nowadays;
33.2;?;Hazlewood to Afridi, no run looks to run this down to third man from just outside off. Opens the face pretty early. Is beaten;
33.1;?;Hazlewood to Afridi, no run short ball outside off, Afridi looks to pull this in front of square, is early into the pull and is beaten;
32.6;2;Johnson to Maqsood, 2 runs short of a length, worked past midwicket for a couple;
32.5;?;Johnson to Maqsood, no run slower bouncer, Maqsood is early into the shot, is hit in the armpit;
32.4;?;Johnson to Maqsood, no run short of a length, on off, looks to work this to leg, late into the shot and ends up defending this back to Johnson;
32.3;1;Johnson to Afridi, 1 run on a length, outside off, runs this down to third man for one;
32.2;?;Johnson to Afridi, no run slower offcutter, Afridi is off pace with this, pushes defensively, is beaten;
32.1;6;Johnson to Afridi, SIX runs that's No. 351. Oh Shahid, what an entertainer. Length ball, just outside off, he drives with an open face, Finch thinks he is in business at deep point but it sails over it;
27.6;?;Maxwell to Umar Akmal, no run this one holds its line outside off, or rather doesn't turn as much as expected. Beats the outside edge;
27.5;1;Maxwell to Maqsood, 1 run another single to long-on;
27.4;1;Maxwell to Umar Akmal, 1 run pushed down to long-on for a single;
27.3;?;Maxwell to Umar Akmal, no run defends an offbreak to leg;
27.2;1;Maxwell to Maqsood, 1 run looks to work this to leg but finds midwicket;
27.1;1;Maxwell to Umar Akmal, 1 run bunted past cover for one;
26.6;2;Johnson to Maqsood, 2 runs low full toss, driven wide of cover;
26.5;?;Johnson to Maqsood, no run defended off the front foot;
26.4;W;Johnson to Haris Sohail, OUT the bouncer has done the trick. Johnson has produced the loose drive with leaden feet. Look at his back foot move away as he drives. Johnson pushes this one up, angling it across Sohail, who drives away from the body, his back foot moving away from the line of the ball. The edge is taken;Haris Sohail c ?Haddin b Johnson 41 (94m 57b 4x4 0x6) SR: 71.92;
26.3;?;Johnson to Haris Sohail, no run that is a sharp bouncer, on middle and leg, angling towards off. Sohail sways out of its line;
26.2;3;Johnson to Umar Akmal, 3 runs lovely shot, down the wicket, straight of mid-on;
26.1;1;Johnson to Haris Sohail, 1 run worked to leg for one;
25.6;4;Maxwell to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs there is an appeal for a hit-wicket, but Akmal is nowhere near the stumps. He has cut this from off, past point, and the bail is off. Haddin, though, has indicated he is not sure and has already gone to the other end even before the replay is shown. It is Haddin's glove that has brought the bail down;
25.5;?;Maxwell to Umar Akmal, no run worked with the turn, finds square leg;
25.4;?;Maxwell to Umar Akmal, no run defended to midwicket;
25.3;?;Maxwell to Umar Akmal, no run looks to cut another length ball, but this has come in towards middle and taken the bottom edge, which somehow evades the stumps. Remember what Swann said of cutting offspinners? It's like patting a burning dog;
25.2;?;Maxwell to Umar Akmal, no run on a length, straight, defended to leg;
25.1;2;Maxwell to Umar Akmal, 2 runs goes back to cut a length ball, places it wide of point for a couple;
24.6;?;Johnson to Haris Sohail, no run short of a length, rising towards the chest, defended off his toes;
24.5;1;Johnson to Umar Akmal, 1 run wide half-volley, driven to third man for one;
24.4;?;Johnson to Umar Akmal, no run bouncer, on off, angling away a touch, he ducks under it;
24.3;?;Johnson to Umar Akmal, no run length ball outside off, allowed to go through to the keeper;
24.2;?;Johnson to Umar Akmal, no run short of a length, offcutter, moves away from just outside off, beats his outside edge;
24.1;?;Johnson to Umar Akmal, no run length ball outside off, swings back a touch, hits the inside half of the bat;
23.6;1;Maxwell to Umar Akmal, 1 run driven to the left of Maxwell who dives and deflects this wide of mid-off for a single;
23.5;?;Maxwell to Umar Akmal, no run short of a length, turning in, defended to leg;
23.4;2;Maxwell to Umar Akmal, 2 runs tossed up outside off, gets some drift away, Akmal drives away from the body, gets a thick edge. Would have gone wide of slip even if it had been there;
23.3;1;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, 1 run down the wicket to drive this to long-off for one;
23.2;W;Maxwell to Misbah, OUT oh will you believe it? Maxwell has brought up the breakthrough. Once again no singles for Misbah have meant Pakistan have to take the risks to keep the runs coming. He has previously hit Maxwell out of the attack with two sixes over midwicket, he tries a third one with a slog-sweep. Not quite to the pitch of the ball this time. Fatal. Top edge sits nicely with Finch at deep midwicket. Strange to see a rare hole-out by Misbah. That too at the short square boundary at Adelaide Oval. The big difference here is he has dragged this from well outside off;Misbah-ul-Haq c Finch b Maxwell 34 (75m 59b 1x4 2x6) SR: 57.62;
23.1;1;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, 1 run down the wicket to drive this full ball down to long-on;
22.6;1;Watson to Haris Sohail, 1 run short of a length, on the pads, tucked away square of short fine leg for one;
22.5;1;Watson to Misbah, 1 run slightly wider this time, Misbah pushes it wide of cover for a single;
22.4;?;Watson to Misbah, no run on a length, again in that zone just outside off, defended back to him;
22.3;?;Watson to Misbah, no run pushes a length ball to short straight cover;
22.2;?;Watson to Misbah, no run on a length, in that zone around off, defended from the crease;
22.1;?;Watson to Misbah, no run short of a length, seams in a touch, defended from the crease;
21.6;1;Faulkner to Misbah, 1 run short of a length, on off, shuffles across to work this to leg for a single;
21.5;1;Faulkner to Haris Sohail, 1 run digs this one in short, he gets tall, runs this down to third man for one;
21.4;?;Faulkner to Haris Sohail, no run slower ball, overpitched on middle and leg, pushed to short straight midwicket;
21.3;1lb;Faulkner to Misbah, 1 leg bye moves right across his stumps, is beaten and hit on the pad, but the ball is pitched outside leg;
21.2;?;Faulkner to Misbah, no run on a length, on off, no movement, defended to leg;
21.1;1;Faulkner to Haris Sohail, 1 run length ball, angling in, worked away to deep midwicket for a single;
20.6;?;Watson to Misbah, no run on a length, on off, defended with an open face;
20.5;?;Watson to Misbah, no run on a length, on off, defended to leg;
20.4;1;Watson to Haris Sohail, 1 run now gets a shortish ball, runs it down to third man for one;
20.3;4;Watson to Haris Sohail, FOUR runs Sohail might have mis-hit a couple, but he has made us his mind he is not going to get bogged. Clears the front leg to a length ball, and lofts a length ball over mid-on;
20.2;2;Watson to Haris Sohail, 2 runs that's a sharp short ball, too sharp for him, hits the glove before the bat comes down in the pull shot, but the lob off the glove has cleared Haddin;
20.1;?;Watson to Haris Sohail, no run drives a length ball uppishly, reaches mid-off on the bounce;
19.6;?;Faulkner to Misbah, no run short of a length, rising towards the chest, defended with soft hands;
19.5;1;Faulkner to Haris Sohail, 1 run wide length ball, opens the face, runs it down to third man for one;
19.4;?;Faulkner to Haris Sohail, no run short of a length, angling in towards off, defended with an open face;
19.3;?;Faulkner to Haris Sohail, no run length ball, driven on the up, but back to Faulkner;
19.2;?;Faulkner to Haris Sohail, no run short of a length, just outside off, defended from the crease;
19.1;1;Faulkner to Misbah, 1 run short of a length, on the pads, worked away for one;
18.6;1;Watson to Misbah, 1 run full and straight, worked away for a single to leg;
18.5;1;Watson to Haris Sohail, 1 run impatience from Sohail. Looks to slog this length ball over midwicket, his head falls back as he plays, gets a big top edge that clears backward point and falls short of third man. Misbah has a word with the youngster;
18.4;?;Watson to Haris Sohail, no run short of a length, pitches leg, angles towards off, defended with an open face;
18.3;?;Watson to Haris Sohail, no run short of a length, on off, stays back to defend;
18.2;1;Watson to Misbah, 1 run length ball outside off, meets it with an open face, gets a single to deep cover;
18.1;1;Watson to Haris Sohail, 1 run short of a length, outside off, steered away to third man;
17.6;6;Maxwell to Misbah, SIX runs and Misbah releases pressure. Moves across early to a full ball, gets a full ball, and slogs it over midwicket for six. It is incredible how often he connects them cleanly but how rarely he attempts them;
17.5;1;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, 1 run down the wicket to drive this to long-off for one;
17.4;?;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, no run tossed up outside off, pushed straight to extra cover;
17.3;?;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, no run stays back to a length ball, fails to beat extra cover with the punch;
17.2;1;Maxwell to Misbah, 1 run short again, stays back this time to pull him to deep midwicket;
17.1;?;Maxwell to Misbah, no run shortish offbreak, defended off the back foot;
16.6;1;Johnson to Misbah, 1 run swinging back in as he stays full and outside off, draws a thick inside edge that goes for a single to long leg;
16.5;?;Johnson to Misbah, no run full, just outside off, slower ball, 129ks, Misbah has read this and defends solidly;
16.4;?;Johnson to Misbah, no run half-volley outside off, driven down the ground, but straight to mid-off;
16.3;?;Johnson to Misbah, no run short of a length, rising into the chest, Misbah is on his toes as he defends;
16.2;3;Johnson to Haris Sohail, 3 runs full and straight, almost a half-volley, the mid-on is wide, and he pushes it through that vacant area;
16.1;?;Johnson to Haris Sohail, no run on a length, holds its line in front of off, defended;
15.6;?;Maxwell to Misbah, no run beats the outside edge as this one doesn't turn back in as expected;
15.5;?;Maxwell to Misbah, no run short of a length, punched away to extra cover;
15.4;1;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, 1 run overpitched, pushed down to long-on for one;
15.3;?;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, no run down the wicket, not quite to the pitch of the bat, defends this back to him;
15.2;?;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, no run stays back to punch a length ball to cover-point;
15.1;?;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, no run slow offbreak, pushed to cover-point;
14.6;?;Johnson to Misbah, no run strides forward to defend a length ball;
14.5;?;Johnson to Misbah, no run on a length, angling in, defends this just outside off;
14.4;?;Johnson to Misbah, no run length ball outside off, defended;
14.3;2;Johnson to Misbah, 2 runs moves across to work this shortish ball off the stumps, takes a second;
14.2;1;Johnson to Haris Sohail, 1 run short of a length, outside off, runs this down to third man;
14.1;?;Johnson to Haris Sohail, no run short of a length, on off, defended back to him;
13.6;6;Maxwell to Misbah, SIX runs tuk tuk goes bang. Every now and then Misbah plays this shot and invariably he connects. Takes this off a length and sends it over deep midwicket. They need these. Can't let Maxwell sneak in soft overs;
13.5;?;Maxwell to Misbah, no run flighted around off, pushed back to Maxwell;
13.4;1;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, 1 run pushed down to long-off;
13.3;?;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, no run flat length ball outside off, punched to cover;
13.2;1;Maxwell to Misbah, 1 run flighted half-volley, driven to long-off;
13.1;1;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, 1 run tossed up outside off, pushed to long-off for one;
12.6;?;Johnson to Misbah, no run length ball, angling in from round the wicket, defended back to him;
12.5;1;Johnson to Haris Sohail, 1 run short of a length, pitched outside leg, worked away into the leg side;
12.5;1w;Johnson to Haris Sohail, 1 wide this is called a wide, but Haddin is smiling. This is a mean bouncer, rising from not too short. Damn quick too. Haris wants to pull but can't reach it. This is clocked at 143ks;
12.4;?;Johnson to Haris Sohail, no run looks to steer this to third man but can't beat Warner at backward point;
12.3;?;Johnson to Haris Sohail, no run short of a length, on off, he is right behind it as he defends it to mid-on;
12.2;?;Johnson to Haris Sohail, no run on a length, on off, right behind it in defence;
12.1;1;Johnson to Misbah, 1 run wide length ball, runs this down to third man for one;
11.6;4;Hazlewood to Haris Sohail, FOUR runs lovely shot. He opens up the front leg a little, and drives a wide length ball on the up, threading the gap between cover and extra cover;
11.5;1;Hazlewood to Misbah, 1 run short of a length, into the ribs, nudged away for a single;
11.4;1;Hazlewood to Haris Sohail, 1 run tucked away off the pads for one;
11.3;4;Hazlewood to Haris Sohail, FOUR runs there is no mid-off with this ultra-aggressive field, and he has drilled a full ball through that opening;
11.2;1;Hazlewood to Misbah, 1 run cut away to third man for one;
11.1;?;Hazlewood to Misbah, no run on a length, on off, 143ks, defended back to him;
10.6;?;Johnson to Haris Sohail, no run short of a length, on off, defended from the crease;
10.5;?;Johnson to Haris Sohail, no run bouncer, pretty quick, he ducks it, but this is hostile, and the bounce is a little variable as this one doesn't come up as much as expected. This is bowled at 152.4ks;
10.4;?;Johnson to Haris Sohail, no run quick, on a length, pretty straight, defended to leg;
10.3;1;Johnson to Misbah, 1 run tucked away off the hip;
10.2;?;Johnson to Misbah, no run short of a length, outside off, right behind it in defence;
10.1;?;Johnson to Misbah, no run short of a length, quick, hits his arm as he fends;
9.6;?;Hazlewood to Haris Sohail, no run looks to punch this, is cramped for room, hits it straight to cover;
9.5;?;Hazlewood to Haris Sohail, no run short of a length, outside off, punched away, but can't beat Warner at backward point;
9.4;1;Hazlewood to Misbah, 1 run length ball, angling in, pushed through mid-on, which is unmanned;
9.3;?;Hazlewood to Misbah, no run bouncer, outside off, he ducks it;
9.2;?;Hazlewood to Misbah, no run this one moves back in exposing the dangers of the movement across. Seams back in from just outside off, but it is bouncing over the stumps. Seems to have rapped him between the unprotected part between the pad and the thigh pad;
9.1;?;Hazlewood to Misbah, no run shuffles across again, covers the outswing, defends to cover;
8.6;1;Johnson to Misbah, 1 run across again, bunts a length ball into the leg side for one;
8.5;?;Johnson to Misbah, no run moves across, Johnson angles one across him at 148ks, beats the outside edge as he pushes tentatively;
8.5;1w;Johnson to Misbah, 1 wide wide down the leg side;
8.4;1;Johnson to Haris Sohail, 1 run short of a length, tucked away off the hip for one;
8.3;1;Johnson to Misbah, 1 run pushed into the leg side for a single;
8.2;?;Johnson to Misbah, no run full and straight, driven to mid-on;
8.1;4;Johnson to Misbah, FOUR runs and immediately a false shot. Misbah's mind wants to drive at this full wide ball, but the body hasn't followed. Feet are stuck, the hands don't quite go, but he gets an inside edge to fine leg;
7.6;?;Hazlewood to Haris Sohail, no run half-volley, driven hard, but straight to cover;
7.5;2;Hazlewood to Haris Sohail, 2 runs pushed away off the back foot, in front of third man, they come back for two;
7.4;?;Hazlewood to Haris Sohail, no run short of a length, middle and off, defended off the back foot;
7.3;?;Hazlewood to Haris Sohail, no run short of a length, on off, punched to cover;
7.2;?;Hazlewood to Haris Sohail, no run on a length, on off, pushed to mid-off;
7.1;?;Hazlewood to Haris Sohail, no run on a length, on off, defended to mid-off;
6.6;?;Starc to Misbah, no run another bouncer, at 144ks. He sways out of its line again, dropping his wrists;
6.5;?;Starc to Misbah, no run lovely bouncer at 151.4ks. Misbah sways out of its line, drops his wrists, lets it go through;
6.4;?;Starc to Misbah, no run squared up slightly again as he defends behind square;
6.3;?;Starc to Misbah, no run squares him up a little as Misbah defends a shortish delivery;
6.2;?;Starc to Misbah, no run length ball, middle and off, no swing, defended back to him;
6.1;?;Starc to Misbah, no run bouncer, 146ks, he ducks it as it is lined outside off;
5.6;1;Hazlewood to Misbah, 1 run length ball, on the pads, worked away for a single;
5.5;?;Hazlewood to Misbah, no run short of a length, good carry, defended off the back foot;
5.4;?;Hazlewood to Misbah, no run length ball outside off, defended off the front foot;
5.4;1w;Hazlewood to Misbah, 1 wide wide down the leg side;
5.3;?;Hazlewood to Misbah, no run the bail doesn't come off, but they are also reviewing the lbw. They are not allowing the review, which is just as well for Australia. This is down the leg side, clips the thigh pad, comes back onto the stumps, clips the leg stump, the bail budges, flashes, but comes back down because it is heavier than usual bails. Clarke looks like he wants to review the lbw because he thinks this has hit the pad normally and not the inside edge of the thigh pad. They run out of time, though, which has saved them a review. But for the thigh pad this is headed well down leg;
5.2;?;Hazlewood to Misbah, no run left alone outside off;
5.1;W;Hazlewood to Shehzad, OUT Pakistan openers are back in the sheds already. Plays a loose shot to a wide length ball. Away from the body with no foot movement. The only thing that moves is the ball. Slightly away from him. Takes a thick edge to the second slip where Clarke takes it easily;Ahmed Shehzad c Clarke b Hazlewood 5 (23m 13b 0x4 0x6) SR: 38.46;
4.6;?;Starc to Haris Sohail, no run bouncer, at 147ks, ducks it;
4.5;4;Starc to Haris Sohail, FOUR runs what a way to start your innings in the quarter-final. You have just lost out your matchwinner from the two previous matches in the fifth over, your side is notorious for not batting well, what do you do? You walk out and drive the first ball you face on the up, you drive it so hard, it bounces over the fielder at point;
4.4;W;Starc to Sarfaraz, OUT say what you will of Watson's batting, he is one of the best slip fielders in the world today. This catch is one for the ages. Slip catches are never easy, but the ones that swerve away from you at the last moment? That too to balls bowled at 150.1ks? Sarfraz just follows this quick length ball with his hands, edges it, looks like he has offered an easy catch to Watto until the ball swings away from him at the last moment. Watson has kept his eyes on it throughout, which is why he has dived along with it, facing third man by the time he finishes the catch, diving to the right, taking it with two hands. Almost ehind his body is the catch completed;Sarfaraz Ahmed c Watson b Starc 10 (19m 16b 1x4 0x6) SR: 62.5;
4.3;4;Starc to Sarfaraz, FOUR runs short of a length, middle and leg, there is no room to swing his arms, but he has somehow short-arm-pulled it past square leg for four. Starc has bowled at 150ks. All that pace has been used here;
4.2;?;Starc to Sarfaraz, no run lovely crunchy punch outside off, but straight to cover-point;
4.1;2;Starc to Sarfaraz, 2 runs driven on the up. This is a length ball outside off, doesn't swing, and he punches it past cover, to his right;
4.1;1w;Starc to Sarfaraz, 1 wide angled across him. Left alone. Called a wide although that doesn't look like one to me;
3.6;?;Hazlewood to Shehzad, no run on a length, good bounce, hits the bat hard. Defended to mid-on;
3.5;?;Hazlewood to Shehzad, no run bouncer this time, middle and leg, Shehzad ducks it;
3.4;?;Hazlewood to Shehzad, no run short of a length, outside off, punched away straight to cover. This is bowled at 143ks;
3.3;?;Hazlewood to Shehzad, no run outswinger, on a length, driven, but straight to cover-point;
3.2;?;Hazlewood to Shehzad, no run short of a length, on off, defended from the crease;
3.1;1;Hazlewood to Sarfaraz, 1 run walks down the pitch, moves across too, pushes a length ball to third man for one;
2.6;2;Starc to Shehzad, 2 runs nicely played. Shehzad upper-cuts this short ball. Deliberately so, to miss the man at backward point. Not much power behind the shot, just the guiding over the head of the fielder. Gets a couple;
2.5;1;Starc to Sarfaraz, 1 run digs this one in short, Sarf goes tall, cuts this to third man for one;
2.4;2;Starc to Sarfaraz, 2 runs on the pads this time, and Sarfraz is off the mark with a clip fine of long leg;
2.3;?;Starc to Sarfaraz, no run short of a length, middle and leg, defended to midwicket. 149ks this time;
2.2;1;Starc to Shehzad, 1 run goes for the yorker already, ends up bowling a low full toss at 150ks, the ball runs off the outside half of the bat for one;
2.1;?;Starc to Shehzad, no run lovely delivery. Looks like it will swing back in, pitches just outside off, and then seams away to beat the outside edge;
1.6;?;Hazlewood to Sarfaraz, no run short of a length, seams away from just outside off, Sarf wafts at it, and is beaten;
1.5;4lb;Hazlewood to Sarfaraz, 4 leg byes too straight. Sarf is down the wicket again, Hazlewood strays down the pads, and kisses the pad on the way for four leg-byes;
1.4;?;Hazlewood to Sarfaraz, no run Sarf walks down this time. Hazlewood digs it in. He has to defend off the back foot;
1.3;1;Hazlewood to Shehzad, 1 run short of a length, outside off, opens the face for a single;
1.2;?;Hazlewood to Shehzad, no run good outswing, against the angle, left alone just outside off;
1.1;?;Hazlewood to Shehzad, no run outswinger, just outside off, on a length, left alone;
0.6;?;Starc to Sarfaraz, no run wide length ball, driven on the up, but straight to Smith at cover-point;
0.5;?;Starc to Sarfaraz, no run bouncer, 150ks already, he ducks it;
0.4;?;Starc to Sarfaraz, no run this one swings. Sarfraz, who has walked down to Philander, Steyn etc. so far, is caught with his feet stuck. This one swings a touch back in from outside off. He pushes away from the body. Beaten on the inside edge. Off stump stays safe;
0.3;?;Starc to Sarfaraz, no run he moves back into the crease but the intent is positive. Drives at a length ball, Smith at cover-point makes a diving save;
0.2;?;Starc to Sarfaraz, no run Sarfraz is not walking down the wicket to Starc here. Stays in the crease to defend a length ball;
0.1;1;Starc to Shehzad, 1 run short of a length, just outside off, runs it down to third man to get off the mark right away;

2pm National anthems are done. Sarfraz Ahmed and Ahmed Shehzad are out to open. Mitchell Starc has the first new ball in hand
1.45pm 350 sixes. Two out of the six fastest ODI hundreds. 395 wickets in 397 ODIs. Shahid Afridi continues to rage against the sunset. Is today the last time we will see him and Misbah play in ODIs? Will they get the horse to wait for another night, and then another?


CATCH! Maxi is ready to go in Adelaide... LIVE: http://t.co/fww1ZoZlJx #cwc15 #AUSvPAK pic.twitter.com/ZQqzTqJE0Q ? cricket.com.au (@CricketAus) March 20, 2015


Gareth: "Very surprised with the exclusion of Cummins. I guess the selectors feel that bounce will be more useful than pace and variation. "
1.30pm Toss is here. Misbah-ul-Haq calls tails, it lands tails. Pakistan have decided to bat first. "Looks a little bit different to the last two pitches. More pace and bounce. Not sure of reverse swing in the night. We have got the same XI that played against Ireland."
"I am not bothered," says Michael Clarke. "You have to bowl at some stage, so why not now? One change. Josh Hazlewood comes in for Pat Cummins. They have left some grass on so there should be some pace and bounce."
1.25pm Seems like Cummins has been left out for Hazlewood. Confirmation in five minutes
shaun: "Can someone help me with this choice? I can either a) go to the neighbours 6th birthday party straight from work or b) go home & watch this very promising match, but be in trouble with my wife for the rest of the weekend....Hmm, looks like I'm sleeping on the sofa tonight"
Dan: "Cricket is sometimes accused of being an exclusive sport, but maybe the name itself is too exclusive. So far in this tournament we've had two insect-related incidents, and in neither case were they crickets. Welcome to the Bugs World Cup 2015."
NickGloag: "Warney would know what he's talking about when it comes to pitch conditions/preparations... just ask John the bookmaker."


Will we see some of this action from Steve Smith today? Toss coming up soon... http://t.co/7yuDrvkNig #cwc15 #AUSvPAK pic.twitter.com/vGjCbwEiat ? cricket.com.au (@CricketAus) March 20, 2015


1.20pm The pitch has a bit of grass. Sourav Ganguly says he has never seen so much grass on a one-day pitch at Adelaide Oval. Damien Fleming brings up a key significance: it should negate the reverse swing that Pakistan have been good with in this World Cup. When asked if Australia have had any say in the pitch, Shane Warne says the only team he remembers asking for a certain kind of pitch in his playing days, the Australian groundsman told him his job was to play not to interfere with pitch. "In 20 years of my cricket, we have never asked for a pitch, because we knew they would do the direct opposite if we interfered."
Toss in 10 minutes
1.10pm Let's talk team selections. Mohammad Irfan has been ruled out, and a replacement will be called in only if Pakistan win this match. Does Ehsan Adil get another game or does Yasir Shah come back? Do Pakistan go for Younis Khan's experience above either Haris Sohail or Sohaib Maqsood?
In the Australian camp, the only contest should be between Josh Hazlewood and Pat Cummins
1pm Some key numbers half an hour before the toss
8.50 - Mitchell Starc's bowling average in this World Cup
2-4 - Australia's win-loss record at the Adelaide Oval in ODIs since 2011. This is the only venue in Australia where they have lost more matches than they have won
7 - Number of consecutive ODIs Pakistan have lost when chasing targets of 250 or more. The last time they won chasing a 250-plus score was against Sri Lanka last year when they chased down 275
Salman1508: "IMO, Everyone in the remaining six teams "wants" to win the WC, while Pakistan as a nation "needs" this win. For a country with a disarrayed Cricket board, a country barred from hosting international matches, a country with political instability, a nation on a war for past 14 years, it will be a breath of fresh breeze. I'll like to dedicate a part of Rolling Stones classic, "You can't always get what you want But if you try sometime you find You get what you need! " to ?#?teamPakistan?! Best of luck Misbah and co. give it your best shot!"
12.50pm As you await here are some classic close finishes between Australia and Pakistan. Immi at SCG, Asif Mujtaba at WACA, Asif Mujtaba in Hobart, Younis Khan at Colonial Stadium, Michael Hussey at WACA. The list can go on, but we need to come back to the present too
12.40pm This is what the captains have had to say on the eve of the match
Michael Clarke: "Pakistan have some really good quicks in their attack and they've shown that throughout this series. I think the pitch has certainly got quicker over the years. I think fast bowling will play a big part tomorrow. Especially if they leave that grass on the wicket like there is now, fingers crossed. But I think both teams have good fast bowlers in their line-ups. So the batters, we're going to have to make sure we play really well."
Misbah-ul-Haq: "Australia always plays aggressive cricket, and if you want to really be up there against them, you also need a good, aggressive cricket, good, positive cricket, and that is the key. If two teams are playing aggressive cricket, you still have a chance. It's not like that you go with the defensive approach against Australia and you can just win the game. It's all about aggression. It's all about attacking cricket, and that's, I think, what we are looking forward to."
12.30pm Two teams that have relied traditionally on pace. Two teams hoping the drop-in pitch at Adelaide Oval will assist them. Two teams hoping it is not an easy ride for the batsmen. Australia, the favourites, against Pakistan, the outsiders. Mitchell Starc v Wahab Riaz. Mitchell Johnson v Rahat Ali. Michael Clarke v Misbah-ul-Haq. David Warner v Ahmed Shehzad. Glenn Maxwell v Sarfraz Ahmed.
Man for man, in Australian conditions, you would back this Australian team to beat this Pakistan team eight times out of 10, or even nine, but World Cup knockouts have a habit of being that other match. Can Australia watch out against that "other" match, that "other" match during which the opposition - and Pakistan have a habit of it - gets on an awesome roll and nothing goes for you? Michael Clarke has said said he will treat this match as the final. I can tell you I am going to treat this as quarter-final. I am Sidharth Monga, I will hand over the calling of the action to Alan Gardner after the first innings, and there is one hour to go to the toss
For our US and Caribbean readers: Watch the rest of the World Cup live. Head here for details. And our IPL package is here.
 Innings Start
9.30pm: Rahat Ali will dream about that catch tonight; Shane Watson will probably dream about Wahab Riaz, snarling and barking. Plenty of us will lie back and think of Wahab after one of the great World Cup spells, as Brydon Coverdale puts it in his report, but that will be the last we see of this Pakistan side. Many will miss Misbah, plenty will miss Afridi, there might even be a few who are sad to see the back of both... Anyway, this was another Australia day, so we'll let them enjoy the moment. They'll play India in Sydney next Thursday and we'll be all over like Wahab on Watto. Until then, from Sid and myself, it's tatty-bye.
9.20pm: Presentations time at Adelaide Oval... Pakistan captain Misbah-ul-Haq: "Obviously disappointing, credit to Australia, they really deserved it, they bowled really well. [batting underperformed] I think so, at one stage 270-80 was on but we kept losing wickets and some of the batting shot selection really cost us. [Wahab] He bowled his heart out, he's been a totally different bowler throughout this tournament, I've never seen spells like that. [Pleased overall] With the bowling and the way the team came back and won four games in a row."
Australia captain Michael Clarke: "Extremely happy, a really close game in the end. The bowlers did a fantastic job, our fielding was excellent, but Wahab came out and really put us under pressure, one of the fastest spells I've seen in a long time. Watson toughed it out, Steven Smith looked fantastic. If they catch Watto at fine leg it could have been a lot tighter, credit to sticking in there. Wahab pushed us really hard. We look forward to another really tough contest [against India], we'll have to bat a lot better. No different to another game playing for Australia. Spoken about not putting the World Cup on a pedestal, so preparation as always, every time you want to do your best, play another great game for Australia."
9.10pm: Advance Australia, though fair play to Pakistan's bowlers, who at least kept it interesting. There'll be no repeat of the 2011 semi-final, with India waiting for the winner here. As with Mahela and Sanga the other day, Shahid Afridi and Misbah-ul-Haq go out on a quiet note. The Pakistan batting will have to undergo a refit and they suffered again from not having put enough runs on the board - which in part was down to the opposition's excellence, including Man of the Match, Josh Hazlewood: "Great day, I've been bowling well all week so good to put in a performance. Happy to get a game today and happy with the result. Keeping them to 213 was perfect for us and the boys did a good job with the bat. We're firing on all aspects, it's been a good tournament and we're going well."
33.5;4;Sohail Khan to Watson, FOUR runs fullish length outside off, driven into a gap, the field is up, Watson raises his arms in celebration... Australia have won by six wickets and will take their place in the last four. It was only briefly in doubt when Wahab Riaz was putting a hex on Watson but two dropped catches off his bowling snuffed out Pakistan's faint hopes;
33.4;?;Sohail Khan to Watson, no run pitched up in the channel, driven into the ground, over the bowler's head, Watson sends Maxwell back as mid-off fields;
33.3;1;Sohail Khan to Maxwell, 1 run slower ball on leg stump, spots it and deflects on behind square;
33.2;6;Sohail Khan to Maxwell, SIX runs outrageous. But since it's Maxwell, maybe just run of the mill... Full outside off, Maxwell crouches and scoop-slaps the ball into the stands at deep backward point;
33.1;2;Sohail Khan to Maxwell, 2 runs full and homing on middle and leg stump, glanced fine for a couple;
32.6;?;Wahab Riaz to Watson, no run rapid bumper to finish, Watson ducks the challenge and then gets mouthful of filth from Wahab, who came all the way down to congratulate Australia on their semi-final place pass on his thoughts. Watson chuckles like a baby with a rattle;
32.5;?;Wahab Riaz to Watson, no run dug in short, outside off stump, Watson gets on top of it and defends to the off side;
32.4;4;Wahab Riaz to Watson, FOUR runs veers leg side, back of a length and tickled fine, wide of the keeper and that will run away. Coming in a flood now, Pakistan's World Cup ebbing away;
32.3;?;Wahab Riaz to Watson, no run good length on off stump and Watson defends this, almost theatrically, back to the bowler;
32.2;6;Wahab Riaz to Watson, SIX runs there is it, the symbol of victory, Watson takes on the Wahab bouncer and this time nails it into the crowd, over the head of deep square leg. No coming back from here;
32.1;?;Wahab Riaz to Watson, no run shortish, stays back and blocks to the leg side;
31.6;6;Ehsan Adil to Maxwell, SIX runs short ball, Maxwell takes the bait, there's a man out there... but he'd need to be in the crowd. Effortless swivel-pulled six to finish the over and kick Pakistan in the bojangles once more;
31.5;4;Ehsan Adil to Maxwell, FOUR runs dismissive from Maxwell, little bit of width and he crunches the ball on the up, sails in front of extra cover and away for four;
31.4;?;Ehsan Adil to Maxwell, no run fullish and straight, dances across and pings the ball to mid-on;
31.3;?;Ehsan Adil to Maxwell, no run pitched up and defended on the front foot, into the ground and Adil leaps to get a hand on it;
31.2;?;Ehsan Adil to Maxwell, no run slightly full outside off, Maxwell's arms were born free but he carves the ball to cover;
31.1;1;Ehsan Adil to Watson, 1 run slower ball from Adil, dips on Watson but he's waiting, slaps it to midwicket and jogs through to complete his half-century;
30.6;2;Wahab Riaz to Maxwell, 2 runs goes full and outside the line of off, Maxwell stays still and drills a couple more out to deep extra cover;
30.6;1w;Wahab Riaz to Maxwell, 1 wide back of a length again, very leg side... Wahab tiring, I think;
30.5;?;Wahab Riaz to Maxwell, no run bouncer from Wahab, Maxwell tries to chop down the beanstalk, fails to connect;
30.4;1;Wahab Riaz to Watson, 1 run drops back outside off and guides a single off an open bat face;
30.3;1;Wahab Riaz to Maxwell, 1 run bangs this in short, rolls the wrists on a pull, gloves behind square for one;
30.2;4;Wahab Riaz to Maxwell, FOUR runs steps to leg, Wahab follows him, drops short and Maxwell somehow blaps it through backward point, sort of a tennis shot, totally off balance and yet is whistles away;
30.1;4;Wahab Riaz to Maxwell, FOUR runs pitched up on leg stump, not quite the yorker and Maxwell times it supremely off his toes for four through mdiwicket;
29.6;4;Ehsan Adil to Watson, FOUR runs touch full, in the corridor but Watson is far from uncertain, plants his tree trunk and belabours a cover drive to the boundary;
29.5;1;Ehsan Adil to Maxwell, 1 run length outside off, Maxwell reaches for the drive, hits high up the bat but falls short of short extra cover and deflects for one;
29.4;4;Ehsan Adil to Maxwell, FOUR runs this is just a smidge short but Maxwell contorts himself and manufactures a shovelled-pull through midwicket, in the air but no one there and he gets fours;
29.3;?;Ehsan Adil to Maxwell, no run length ball in the channel, driven on the up to the man at cover;
29.2;?;Ehsan Adil to Maxwell, no run outside off, length this time, pushed into the off side;
29.1;?;Ehsan Adil to Maxwell, no run back of a length, cramps Maxwell as he tries to force of the back foot, a whisker away from his outside edge;
28.6;1;Wahab Riaz to Maxwell, 1 run shortish, worked off the body into the leg side;
28.5;1;Wahab Riaz to Watson, 1 run length ball on the stumps, clipped of the pads past square leg;
28.4;1;Wahab Riaz to Maxwell, 1 run rising off a length, shuffles back and across, pushed into the covers for one;
28.4;1w;Wahab Riaz to Maxwell, 1 wide length ball, fired down the leg side, Maxwell swings at it anyway;
28.3;?;Wahab Riaz to Maxwell, no run more chin music, Maxwell decides not to take this one;
28.2;2;Wahab Riaz to Maxwell, 2 runs banged in, Maxwell flaps at it, massive miscue, halfway between a ramp and a top-edged saucapan swat, flies way up, down towards third man - but Sohail Khan drops it on the run! Barely gets a hand on it before stumbling over, Wahab screams in anguish for the second time tonight;
28.1;1;Wahab Riaz to Watson, 1 run charges in, Watto can see the whites of his eyes from 22 yards away, back of a length and jabbed into the covers;
27.6;4;Rahat Ali to Maxwell, FOUR runs super shot, timed the pants off that, touch full from Rahat and Maxwell stroked it back past mid-off, first boundary for him;
27.5;?;Rahat Ali to Maxwell, no run straighter and hit on the pads, caught him on the move but probably a little high;
27.4;?;Rahat Ali to Maxwell, no run length ball around off, 140kph and a tight line, pushed away defensively this time;
27.3;?;Rahat Ali to Maxwell, no run pitched up outside off, nice and juicy and Maxwell throws the bat, think the toe hit the ground, there was a sound as it zipped through but Erasmus wasn't interested;
27.2;?;Rahat Ali to Maxwell, no run goodish length around off stump, prodded carefully back on the off side;
27.1;?;Rahat Ali to Maxwell, no run decent line to begin with, Maxwell avoids getting funky, dabs into the covers;
26.6;?;Ehsan Adil to Watson, no run parsimonious length on off stump, Watson guards his wicket like a sentry;
26.5;1;Ehsan Adil to Maxwell, 1 run length on off stump, Maxwell is busy already, pushes at it, opens the face and runs one to third man to get off and running;
26.4;W;Ehsan Adil to Smith, OUT fuller, on the stumps, Smith flicks and misses - given! Adil's appeal was almost a lone one, though Sarfraz also went up, Dharmasena gave it some thought before raising the finger. Australia have used their review, so Smith has to trudge off, having looked impenetrable for the last couple of hours. Looked like it would have clipped leg, fairly innocuous ball, Smith not quite as focused as he had been;Steven Smith lbw b Ehsan Adil 65 (115m 69b 7x4 0x6) SR: 94.2;
26.3;?;Ehsan Adil to Smith, no run back of a length, around off stump, blocked;
26.2;1;Ehsan Adil to Watson, 1 run slightly short again, outside off, chopped to backward point where Shahzad makes a smart diving stop but can't prevent one;
26.1;1;Ehsan Adil to Smith, 1 run slightly short of a length, popped into the leg side, aerial shot from Smith but into a gap;
25.6;1;Afridi to Smith, 1 run tossed up, luring Smith out and then it dips on him, done in the flight but he manages to thrust his hands out and prevent it slipping past;
25.5;2;Afridi to Smith, 2 runs flighted outside off, leans out and steers a couple more through the covers;
25.4;?;Afridi to Smith, no run touch short on the stumps, trapped to leg from the crease;
25.3;4;Afridi to Smith, FOUR runs flat on middle stump, Smith gets to the pitch of it anyway and clubs towards long-on, which is vacant, bounces just before the rope;
25.2;?;Afridi to Smith, no run skidding on and pushed back;
25.1;?;Afridi to Smith, no run angled in with the arm, can't get this one away;
24.6;1;Haris Sohail to Smith, 1 run flatter and swatted away through the covers for the fourth single from the over;
24.5;?;Haris Sohail to Smith, no run flighted, gets Smith reaching around his front pad, pushed back to the bowler a little uncertainly;
24.4;1;Haris Sohail to Watson, 1 run very full, gets forward and boshes another single to long-on;
24.3;1;Haris Sohail to Smith, 1 run floated up on the stumps, Smith dinks one more back past the bowler;
24.2;1;Haris Sohail to Watson, 1 run length ball, straightening a fraction outside off, punched down the ground to long-off;
24.1;?;Haris Sohail to Watson, no run tossed up, played back to the bowler coming forwards;
23.6;1;Afridi to Watson, 1 run tossed up, googly on leg stump, worked with the turn (such as it is) to deep square leg;
23.5;1;Afridi to Smith, 1 run flighted, comes forward, taps one more through mid-on;
23.4;3;Afridi to Watson, 3 runs short from Afridi, not got that zip off the surface as yet, Watson crunches a meaty pull down the ground, cut off at long-on;
23.3;2;Afridi to Watson, 2 runs sliding on with the arm towards leg stump, guided away off the pads behind square;
23.2;1;Afridi to Smith, 1 run pushed through on middle and leg, clipped square for a single;
23.1;1;Afridi to Watson, 1 run drops a little short, Watson pulls through midwicket;
22.6;?;Haris Sohail to Smith, no run tossed up and drifting to leg, Smith flicks at it, runs off the pad, I think, to short fine leg;
22.5;1;Haris Sohail to Watson, 1 run some turn? Flighted from Sohail, around off stump and straightens to clips the edge as Watson pushes forwards, runs behind square;
22.4;?;Haris Sohail to Watson, no run gives this some air, floated towards off stump, leans out to defend;
22.3;?;Haris Sohail to Watson, no run short again, Watson hangs back and clatters it to extra cover;
22.2;1;Haris Sohail to Smith, 1 run drops a little short, wide of the stumps and cut off the back foot through point;
22.1;1;Haris Sohail to Watson, 1 run floated up outside off from around the wicket, drilled to long-off;
21.6;1;Sohail Khan to Watson, 1 run slightly short, outside off, plays through the line and picks up one through the covers;
21.5;?;Sohail Khan to Watson, no run now that's a bit smarter, slips in the yorker and Watson nearly overbalances, digs it out to midwicket;
21.4;?;Sohail Khan to Watson, no run length outside off and pushed back to mid-off;
21.3;4;Sohail Khan to Watson, FOUR runs short ball, skidding through the body but made to look like a long hop by Watson, wheels a pull away and beats fine leg, four more;
21.2;?;Sohail Khan to Watson, no run better length, still short and climbing towards the throat, defended on the back foot;
21.2;1w;Sohail Khan to Watson, 1 wide well, this is daft... he's not going to get out if he can't hit them. Pakistan have got carried away with Wahab's success against Watson and Sohail slams another one in that rises too high;
21.2;1w;Sohail Khan to Watson, 1 wide Sohail gives up some more loose change, boinging this halfway down and way over the batsman's head;
21.1;4;Sohail Khan to Watson, FOUR runs short and sitting up outside off, Watson bullies this away for four, front-foot pull and it goes off the bat with a crack through midwicket;
20.6;?;Rahat Ali to Smith, no run pushed towards the slips and Smith taps into the off side coming forwards;
20.5;?;Rahat Ali to Smith, no run touch short, around off stump, jabbed back towards the bowler;
20.4;4;Rahat Ali to Smith, FOUR runs pitched up in the channel, Smith strokes another boundary, pinged through extra cover giving the man in the deep no chance... Raise of the bat for fifty, been a silky knock;
20.4;1w;Rahat Ali to Smith, 1 wide sliding across the batsman, looked just about inside the tramlines... but called wide as Smith ignores it;
20.3;1;Rahat Ali to Watson, 1 run angled across, slightly back of a length and steered through point for a single;
20.2;?;Rahat Ali to Watson, no run comes forward and punches the ball towards mid-off on the up;
20.1;?;Rahat Ali to Watson, no run length outside off, Watson mistimes a chop into the covers;
19.6;1;Sohail Khan to Watson, 1 run pitched up on the stumps, hasn't got the pace to discomfit the batsman, glanced behind square;
19.5;?;Sohail Khan to Watson, no run off stump, goodish length, Watson plants the front foot and defends;
19.4;2;Sohail Khan to Watson, 2 runs full length and tailing towards the pads, Watto clips a couple more through midwicket;
19.3;4;Sohail Khan to Watson, FOUR runs touch too full from Sohail, in the slot for Watson to cream a drive, all his Wahab troubles forgotten, beats the despairing dive from Misbah and runs away to the cover boundary;
19.2;1;Sohail Khan to Smith, 1 run back and across and nudges one through square leg;
19.1;?;Sohail Khan to Smith, no run good length, Smith comes forward to block;
18.6;?;Wahab Riaz to Watson, no run shortish and Watson takes it on the thigh pad, back in the crease... Some of the fire has been doused, could be Wahab's last;
18.5;?;Wahab Riaz to Watson, no run straight, on a length, gets half forwards and nudges to the leg side;
18.4;2;Wahab Riaz to Watson, 2 runs dug in at the body, this time Watson gets on top of it and turns the ball down behind square for runs;
18.4;1w;Wahab Riaz to Watson, 1 wide short and wanged down the leg side, Wahab losing his line a touch, maybe flagging;
18.3;?;Wahab Riaz to Watson, no run lets this go a little early, maybe attempting to trap Watson on the crease with a yorker, bunts the full toss back along the ground;
18.3;1w;Wahab Riaz to Watson, 1 wide slammed in short, very short and called wide as it sails over the batsman...;
18.2;?;Wahab Riaz to Watson, no run another grumpy bumper from furious Wahab, hits the splice as Watson clings on to his batting existence;
18.1;1;Wahab Riaz to Smith, 1 run back of a length, 147kph and Smith gets in line, turns behind square;
17.6;?;Sohail Khan to Watson, no run banged in even shorter, all height and no trousers, really, and Watson swerves under it;
17.5;?;Sohail Khan to Watson, no run that's a better bouncer, climbing above shoulder height as it whirs back at Watson, only 137kph but beats the attempted pull;
17.4;?;Sohail Khan to Watson, no run touch short but in the channel outside off, played into the covers;
17.3;4;Sohail Khan to Watson, FOUR runs half-tracker from Sohail, following Wahab's lead but without the venom, Watson rolls his wrists and clatters four in front of deep square leg;
17.2;1;Sohail Khan to Smith, 1 run slightly short, hangs back and punches to the right of extra cover, takes the pace off it but can't prevent a run;
17.1;?;Sohail Khan to Smith, no run length ball on the stumps, tapped short on the leg side;
16.6;2;Wahab Riaz to Watson, 2 runs pitches this up, aiming for leg-before, Watson has steeled himself and works a couple off his pads;
16.5;?;Wahab Riaz to Watson, no run close again! Watson is being peppered, again takes his eyes off it, hits high up the bat as he fends away the offending delivery, short of the catcher;
16.5;1w;Wahab Riaz to Watson, 1 wide vicious lifter from Wahab, ever-so-slightly leg side and Watson gets his equipment out of the way... signalled wide and that's means an extra ball for Watto to survive;
16.4;1;Wahab Riaz to Smith, 1 run charges in once again, hits the deck hard and Smith deals with a rising ball around his ribcage, works one through square;
16.3;?;Wahab Riaz to Smith, no run shortish outside off, Smith defends down the track to the bowler... and Wahab throws down the stumps in frustration;
16.2;?;Wahab Riaz to Smith, no run angled across, length ball blocked from the crease;
16.1;1;Wahab Riaz to Watson, 1 run bounced him out, Wahab's plan works a treat... except for Rahat dropping the ball! Oh dear, oh dear, Rahat, what have you done? Straight down the throat of fine leg, Watson never in control of a wild hook but the fielder butchers it. Wahab bellows in frustration, could be a huge moment;
15.6;2;Afridi to Smith, 2 runs full and on the stumps, again Smith closes the face to send the ball scuttling into a gap square on the leg side;
15.5;?;Afridi to Smith, no run tossed up and punched into the covers;
15.4;2;Afridi to Smith, 2 runs works this past midwicket again but long-on has moved around and prevents another four;
15.3;4;Afridi to Smith, FOUR runs floated up around the line of off and clipped for four, quick hands from Smith and not afraid to hit against the turn, no one out at deep midwicket and that is a welcome boundary;
15.2;1;Afridi to Watson, 1 run walks out and punches a single along the ground to long-on;
15.1;?;Afridi to Watson, no run pushed through around off stump, tapped back towards mid-off;
14.6;1;Wahab Riaz to Watson, 1 run short and rising to catch the shoulder of the bat, this flies over the cordon but short of the third man! Serious working over for Watson but he survies;
14.5;?;Wahab Riaz to Watson, no run banged in again and this loops towards short leg, won't quite carry! The barrage from Wahab is unrelenting, again had Watson hopping around like a man on coals;
14.4;?;Wahab Riaz to Watson, no run god golly, that's a helluva ball, Watson does well to keep it down and away from the catcher on the leg side, climbing from just back of a length and thudding into the splice as the batsman threw his hands up;
14.3;1;Wahab Riaz to Smith, 1 run short and pulled into the ground down through backward square;
14.2;?;Wahab Riaz to Smith, no run length outside off, still hitting 150kph after the break, blocked into the off side;
14.1;?;Wahab Riaz to Smith, no run shortish and stabbed away, Maqsood reacts well at short leg to move to his right and cut the ball off;
13.6;?;Afridi to Watson, no run tossed up and Watson pushes back on the off side from the crease;
13.5;1;Afridi to Smith, 1 run floated up a bit further, drifting towards middle and leg, Smith whips one to long-on;
13.4;2;Afridi to Smith, 2 runs length outside off, skids on and driven through the covers to the sweeper;
13.3;1;Afridi to Watson, 1 run a touch short - not what you want to see if you're standing where Misbah is - topsinner from Afridi and Watson rocks back to pull one to deep midwicket;
13.2;1;Afridi to Smith, 1 run the googly this time, not sure Smith picked it, an inside edge squirts behind square on the leg side;
13.1;?;Afridi to Smith, no run floated up outside off stump, Smith prods into the covers;
12.6;?;Wahab Riaz to Watson, no run a ripper, so close to the glove! Just a fraction short and skidding on at a horrible angle, Watson spasms in the crease but just manages to drop his hands out of the way. Terrific stuff from Wahab;
12.5;?;Wahab Riaz to Watson, no run on the stumps, fast and accurate, again Watson defends;
12.4;?;Wahab Riaz to Watson, no run back of a length, 150kph/93mph and blocked solidly off the back foot;
12.3;?;Wahab Riaz to Watson, no run short again, this time a touch leg side and Watson flinches almost involuntarily... Dharmasena doesn't call wide, either;
12.2;?;Wahab Riaz to Watson, no run dug in, spits at Watson, he limbos away, jerking his head at the last minute... Wahab is bringing the heat, as advertised;
12.1;1;Wahab Riaz to Smith, 1 run steams in, short and rising, worked away through square off the back foot;
11.6;1;Rahat Ali to Smith, 1 run Rahat has a FSL in now as well, Smith teases him by working a bouncer down and away behind square;
11.5;?;Rahat Ali to Smith, no run good length, drops back and pushes into the off side;
11.4;4;Rahat Ali to Smith, FOUR runs lovely stuff from Smiffy, calm as you like, waits for the slightly full delivery and then caresses it through the covers, too much gas for Misbah in the end;
11.3;1;Rahat Ali to Watson, 1 run length ball and this seams a touch as Watson hangs back, wanted to turn to leg but skips off the edge through gully;
11.2;1;Rahat Ali to Smith, 1 run goes across and works a length ball through the leg side;
11.1;?;Rahat Ali to Smith, no run slanted across the right-hander from over the wicket, shaping away off a length and no stroke offered;
10.6;?;Wahab Riaz to Watson, no run length this time, 150kph and Watson shapes to play and then raises the bat out of the way... Wahab glares at him for one, two, three seconds, then starts loudly applauding his team-mates;
10.5;?;Wahab Riaz to Watson, no run slams the ball in short and Watson has to take evasive action, fiery stuff;
10.4;W;Wahab Riaz to Clarke, OUT gottim! The short ball works, Clarke dollies it to forward short leg! Don't you love it when a plan comes together... That was well-directed from Wahab, not quite a snorter but awkward enough for a man with an antique spine, rising towards the helmet grill and Clarke can only pop it up off the splice, floats into the hands of the catcher. Maqsood hurls the ball at the floor and screams in delight. Pakistan are in this;Michael Clarke c Sohaib Maqsood b Wahab Riaz 8 (10m 11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 72.72;
10.3;1;Wahab Riaz to Smith, 1 run banged in at the body, Smith paddles it around the corner for one more;
10.2;1;Wahab Riaz to Clarke, 1 run back of a length and this gets big on Clarke, who gets on top of it, drops the ball behind backward point and calls for the run, Smith has to get motoring but Ahmed Shahzad's throw misses. Would have been in anyway;
10.1;1;Wahab Riaz to Smith, 1 run shortish and pulled into the ground through square;
9.6;2;Rahat Ali to Clarke, 2 runs bit of width, pushed across on a length, hangs back and swats a couple wide of third man;
9.5;?;Rahat Ali to Clarke, no run pitched up around middle and off, Clarke punches along the ground to mid-on;
9.4;?;Rahat Ali to Clarke, no run goes fuller now, around the line of off, shows it the maker's name in defence;
9.3;?;Rahat Ali to Clarke, no run continues to drop short, 140kph and over middle and off, Clarke squares up and defends back to the bowler;
9.2;2;Rahat Ali to Clarke, 2 runs on the stumps and a touch short, works this away through square;
9.1;?;Rahat Ali to Clarke, no run bangs this in halfway down, doesn't get up that much and Clarke defends softly on to the pitch;
8.6;1;Wahab Riaz to Clarke, 1 run slightly back of a length, in the channel, Clarke hangs back and steers a single to third man;
8.5;2;Wahab Riaz to Clarke, 2 runs straighter line, Clarke shuffles across and clips a couple firmly through midwicket to get going;
8.4;?;Wahab Riaz to Clarke, no run short and angled across, Wahab's hitting 145kph already, left alone;
8.3;W;Wahab Riaz to Warner, OUT banged in, short and wide... and Warner has flubbed it straight to third man! Wahab strikes, his 15th wicket of the tournament to go joint third. Warner has gifted him this one, though, was trying to use the pace but really just hung the bat out and steered an uppercut to the fielder, decent low catch from Rahat who ran in a good way;David Warner c Rahat Ali b Wahab Riaz 24 (41m 23b 3x4 0x6) SR: 104.34;
8.3;1w;Wahab Riaz to Warner, 1 wide wild, down the leg side and Warner whirls his arms at a pull in vain;
8.2;1;Wahab Riaz to Smith, 1 run back of a length at the body, nudged behind square;
8.1;3;Wahab Riaz to Warner, 3 runs over the wicket, shortish and a little wide, Warner latches on to it but his cut doesn't quite connect, still nearly runs all the way;
7.6;2;Rahat Ali to Smith, 2 runs nicely played, back-foot punch and he gets the ball between extra cover and mid-off, Misbah gives chase but Smith gets a comfortable two;
7.5;?;Rahat Ali to Smith, no run length delivery, decent line around off stump, Smith steers the ball in front of square;
7.4;?;Rahat Ali to Smith, no run slightly back of a length, pushed across from over the wicket, Smith hops back and chops the ball towards mid-off;
7.3;?;Rahat Ali to Smith, no run fullish, in the channel, gets on the front foot and defends;
7.2;?;Rahat Ali to Smith, no run goes back and across and defends down the track;
7.1;2;Rahat Ali to Smith, 2 runs good pace from Rahat, up above 140pkh, Smith uses that to work the ball through square for a couple;
6.6;?;Sohail Khan to Warner, no run length ball outside off, Warner dabs into the off side from the crease;
6.5;1;Sohail Khan to Smith, 1 run shortens his length, straighter line and Smith gets out his big spoon, happily nurdles away to the leg side;
6.4;4;Sohail Khan to Smith, FOUR runs shot! Full outside off, just a half-step into the ball and then the wrists come through, cracks four through extra cover. Another boundary for Smith, who's made a smooth start;
6.3;?;Sohail Khan to Smith, no run short ball from Sohail, doesn't get up quite as Smith is expecting, bottom edges a pull down on the pitch;
6.2;?;Sohail Khan to Smith, no run similar line, gets on to the front foot and taps defensively into the covers;
6.1;?;Sohail Khan to Smith, no run touch full and well outside off, making sure Smith can't get it off his pads, left alone;
5.6;3;Rahat Ali to Smith, 3 runs walks to the off side, Rahat pitches full on middle and is whipped away for three more, Smith likes it there, wristy nudge through midwicket;
5.5;?;Rahat Ali to Smith, no run better length, outside off, brings down a straight bat and pushes to mid-off;
5.4;4;Rahat Ali to Smith, FOUR runs too full, Rahat gives up another four ball, in the channel and Smith shows he can play the cover drive too, stroke it through the infield and away;
5.3;?;Rahat Ali to Smith, no run continues over the wicket to Smith, back of a length and defended from the crease;
5.2;1;Rahat Ali to Warner, 1 run still a touch short and this one veering towards leg, nudged off the hips for a single;
5.1;4;Rahat Ali to Warner, FOUR runs starts with a gentle half-tracker and Warner crunches it high over the covers and away for four. Er, we'll call that a loosener;
4.6;1;Sohail Khan to Warner, 1 run slightly back of a length, on the stumps, swivels the hips and flicks one through midwicket;
4.5;?;Sohail Khan to Warner, no run Sohail fires this across Warner's bows, chops it into the ground and it bobbles towards cover;
4.4;1;Sohail Khan to Smith, 1 run good length, well outside off but Smith still turns it to leg, works it wide of mid-on for a single;
4.3;?;Sohail Khan to Smith, no run gets across in front of off stump and pushes the ball back towards mid-on;
4.2;?;Sohail Khan to Smith, no run length and in the corridor, nibbles away from the batsman, who is happy to leave;
4.1;4;Sohail Khan to Smith, FOUR runs pitched up and tailing in on the stumps, a la Finch's dismissal, Smith plays those in his sleep, though, flicking a leg glance through square for four;
3.6;?;Ehsan Adil to Warner, no run pitched up, inviting the drive and Warner is a man that doesn't need much invitation, slaps it straight to Umar Akmal who fields it cool as you like in the covers;
3.5;2;Ehsan Adil to Warner, 2 runs punched off the back foot, that's out of the meat, nicely played in front of backward point and he gets a couple;
3.4;?;Ehsan Adil to Warner, no run offered width again, tries to crash it through the off side but again fails to connect properly;
3.3;?;Ehsan Adil to Warner, no run angled across in the channel outside off, Warner cocks the triggers but mishits into the covers;
3.2;?;Ehsan Adil to Warner, no run length delviery, pushed across, Warner covers up in front of off stump;
3.1;?;Ehsan Adil to Warner, no run stays back and pushes defensively into the off side;
2.6;?;Sohail Khan to Smith, no run length ball around the line of off, gets across and shows it a solid straight bat in defence;
2.5;?;Sohail Khan to Smith, no run pitched up a little more, coming back into the right-hander, Smith closes the face and nudges to midwicket;
2.4;?;Sohail Khan to Smith, no run touch shorter to begin with, outside off stump, Smith gets across to defend;
2.3;W;Sohail Khan to Finch, OUT pitched up, this jags back at Finch and raps him on the pads, Sohail implores for the decision... and Dharmasena gives it! Finch, after a brief conversation with his partner, asks for the review but it only takes a quick look to release this was foolishness. Not much footwork and the ball zipped in with the arm, past the inside edge as he played to leg, and it was crashing into the woodwork halfway up. The finger points skywards for a second time and Pakistan celebrate to the heavens;Aaron Finch lbw b Sohail Khan 2 (11m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 40;
2.2;?;Sohail Khan to Finch, no run decent line, comes forward and blocks to the off side;
2.1;2;Sohail Khan to Finch, 2 runs length ball in the channel outside off, Finch shuffles across, punches it on the up and picks a gap in the covers;
1.6;?;Ehsan Adil to Warner, no run length ball on middle and off, Warner stays back and whips it to the on side, picks out mid-on this time;
1.5;?;Ehsan Adil to Warner, no run full and wide of the stumps, Warner frees the arms menacingly and hammers the ball along the ground to extra cover;
1.4;?;Ehsan Adil to Warner, no run fullish, around the line of off, comes forward and blocks into the covers;
1.3;4;Ehsan Adil to Warner, FOUR runs slashed but slashed hard, Warner's railway sleeper of a bat gets a chunk of the ball, flies over the head of second slip and away;
1.2;?;Ehsan Adil to Warner, no run pushes this wider, angling away from the left-hander, plinks it off the toe of the bat towards point;
1.1;2;Ehsan Adil to Warner, 2 runs touch straight to begin with, length ball pinged off the pads by the effervescent Warner, gets a couple through midwicket;
0.6;?;Sohail Khan to Finch, no run length ball around the line of off, Finch taps it defensively into the covers;
0.5;?;Sohail Khan to Finch, no run first ball to Finch, nip-backer from Sohail and he's interested, the ball loops to slip but there was not bat involved... Dharmasena gives a serene shake of the head and Misbah decides not to gamble. Looked a little high, Hawk-Eye says it would have just clipped the top of off;
0.4;3;Sohail Khan to Warner, 3 runs Sohail is pitching the ball up, looking for any movement on offer, Warner is quick to tuck in again, gets this straight back past the bowler but mid-on gives chase;
0.3;4;Sohail Khan to Warner, FOUR runs lovely timing, just a tickle coming forwards, basically Warner has defended this on the up and beat the fielder, who only had a yard or two to move, it races to the boundary for the first four of the innings;
0.2;?;Sohail Khan to Warner, no run full length again, swinging back a touch and Warner chops the ball on to his front pad, little loose but he gets away with it;
0.1;?;Sohail Khan to Warner, no run starts over the wicket, pitched up and shaping a touch on off stump, Warner leans into a punchy drive, straight to extra cover;

Sohail Khan has the first new ball in hand... Here we go
While we await the two canaries in the coal mine to face the green men, here's an official request for your #politeenquiries. Not here, you understand - although I'm happy to field the odd question - but on Twitter, where the mellifluous Melinda Farrell and handy Andy Zaltzman will be ready with their butterfly nets...
G'day cobbers, Alan here. Sid has put in some hard yards on the commentary so I'll save him the heart-rate-threatening possibility of Pakistan pulling this one out of the sticky stuff... Pakistan are the one team - always the one team - that can make you cross out your most confident predictions and bow down in supplication. As some of you have pointed out, 213 in a World Cup knockout match has "capacity for drama" written on it. It's also not much less than the score Pakistan defended against South Africa, though they are without Mohammad Irfan from that game. There's a solar eclipse due in my part of the world, so we'll be on the dark side of the moon. I'm fully expecting funny things to happen.
 Innings Start
Pakistan
Australia
3rd Quarter-Final (D/N), Adelaide, Mar 20 2015, ICC Cricket World Cup
213
216/4
Player of the match is Josh Hazlewood, AUS
Australia won by 6 wickets (with 97 balls remaining)
