Data
WATCH (Indian subcontinent only): Shardul Thakur dismisses Glenn Maxwell with a slower ball
WATCH (Indian subcontinent only): Hardik Pandya takes a juggling catch to send Steven Smith back
8.54pm Adarsh: "Stoinis said that he can't bowl today. No. 6 is too low for him if he is not bowling. Deserves to be the T20I no. 3 for Australia, if not opening." Yes he confirmed in an interview walking off the ground that he can't bowl tonight. There was a thought he would open with Wade tonight but they went with the Hurricanes duo.
Abhishek: "Wow! how good was Natarajan today? None of the Aussie batsmen, including batting maestro Smith had any idea how to play him. Wonder how the ODIs would have looked if India had him in those games."
Vino: "Australia look really strong with both Henriques and Stoinis in the middle order. They both should be part of the white ball cricket playing XI."
8:48pm So Australia manage to get just over a 100 in the second half of their innings, which is a decent effort given how India pulled things back in the middle overs. The clean hitting Wade showed at the start wasn't quite replicable outside of the powerplay, which is usually a sign of a sluggish pitch. Certainly there's purchase for those who bowl cutters. Australia have a decent line-up for such a strategy. Back soon with Alex Malcolm.
19.6;3;Chahar to Stoinis, 3 runs lands between short fine and deep square who are converging. Miscued pick-up shot at this length ball on the pads goes high but lands safely - for Stoins, that is. The fielders were briefly in danger of a collision;
19.5;6;Chahar to Stoinis, SIX runs chopped over the point boundary. Smart batting. Waited on the slower ball this time as he backed away. Chahar attempting another slower bouncer. Allows Stoinis to wait and wait before nailing the cnnection;
19.4;3;Chahar to Sams, 3 runs full slower ball outside off, clears the front leg and drills it firmly to long-off's left. Pandya with the sprint again and can't collect cleanly;
19.3;3;Chahar to Stoinis, 3 runs sliced over point and sweeper has to sprint a long way to his left to stop. It's full and just outside off - in the slot, really. Clears the front leg and has a hack but miscues that one;
19.2;?;Chahar to Stoinis, no run trickles through to the keeper. Slower bouncer outside off. Shuffles for the hook, only gets a glove on it;
19.1;2;Chahar to Stoinis, 2 runs Pandya over-runs but manages to stop to his left. Slower ball, short of a length outside off. Looks to make room for the cut through the off side. Deceived by it and it trickles and turns away from Pandya at long-off;
18.6;4;Natarajan to Sams, FOUR runs chopped firmly to sweeper's right. Slower short ball, sits up nicely and he gets this with a two-handed forehand well in front of square;
18.5;1;Natarajan to Stoinis, 1 run slower ball at a length at off stump, dropped into the covers with soft hands;
18.4;1;Natarajan to Sams, 1 run India think of the lbw review but decide against it. It's a low full toss slamming his front pad as he looks to whip into the leg side. Perhaps slightly outside leg;
18.3;W;Natarajan to Henriques, OUT Henriques reviews a catch behind. Given very late by the umpire, presumably because India were celebrating before they appealed. It's a cutter in the corridor. He was looking to slap that over the leg side. There's nothing on the thermal images, but Snicko has a murmur as the ball is adjacent to the bat. The decision will be upheld;Moises Henriques c ?Rahul b Natarajan 26 (18b 0x4 1x6) SR: 144.44;
18.2;1;Natarajan to Stoinis, 1 run low full toss outside off, waits on that and looks to punch past extra cover with a straight bat. Thakur dives to the left and stops;
18.1;1;Natarajan to Henriques, 1 run full at off stump, backs away and drills to long-off;
17.6;1;Chahal to Henriques, 1 run good length at leg stump, miscued sweep to deep midwicket;
17.5;W;Chahal to Smith, OUT Pandya takes it at long-off on the third attempt! Good length, backs away and slaps it aerially, inside out. Decently struck. Pandya sprints to his left, and it pops out of his hand. He continues running to his left and the ball follows, on momentum. Pops out again on the second attempt before he gathers himself and takes it comfortably;Steven Smith c Pandya b Chahal 46 (38b 3x4 2x6) SR: 121.05;;
17.4;6;Chahal to Smith, SIX runs lofted straight over the bowler. Good length and dipping on middle stump. Not to the pitch of this but goes through with quick hands;
17.3;?;Chahal to Smith, no run good length and pushed wide outside off, backs away too far into the leg side and can't get a shot away;
17.2;1;Chahal to Henriques, 1 run full outside off, driven along the ground to long-off;
17.1;2;Chahal to Henriques, 2 runs full on leg stump, swept along the floor to deep square's right;
16.6;2;Thakur to Smith, 2 runs slower short ball outside off, pulled laboriously to long-on's right;
16.5;?;Thakur to Smith, no run full and just outside off, looks to carve through cover, that rolls back to the bowler;
16.4;1;Thakur to Henriques, 1 run Slower wide ball outside off, inside edge onto back leg as he tries to bludgeon that over extra cover and falls over;
16.3;1;Thakur to Smith, 1 run;
16.2;1;Thakur to Henriques, 1 run leading edge but safe. Full and outside off. Walks into line and looks to turn it behind square, but that's also a knuckle ball that grips in the pitch;
16.1;2;Thakur to Henriques, 2 runs slower ball at a length outside off. Knuckle ball. Miscues the slog and it plonks and turns to the left of Samson running in from long-on;
15.6;1;Chahal to Henriques, 1 run off the pad and past off stump. Good length, sliding on at leg stump. Steps out and is beaten as he looks for the flick;
15.5;6;Chahal to Henriques, SIX runs carted over deep backward square. Sweet hit, this! Good length and just outside off. Jumps into line and gets on a knee. Rotates his body as he swats this;
15.5;4w;Chahal to Smith, 4 wide Smith is beaten and so it Rahul. Switches very very early to left-handed. Chahal pushes it wide down leg - perhaps an offside wide for a left-hander too. Rahul can't get to that as it stays low and slides away;
15.4;1;Chahal to Henriques, 1 run good length and sliding on at off stump. Steps out and punches to long-off;
15.3;1;Chahal to Smith, 1 run good length at middle stump, backs away to punch through the off side. Gets a thick inside edge into midwicket;
15.2;6;Chahal to Smith, SIX runs dragged over long-on! Good length, dipping own at leg stump. Doesn't quite get to the pitch of this but swings neatly across it as it turns away. Beats long-on easily to his left;
15.1;1;Chahal to Henriques, 1 run googly on off stump, driven to long-off;
14.6;1;Natarajan to Henriques, 1 run full on off stump, shuffles and flicks to deep midwicket;
14.5;2;Natarajan to Henriques, 2 runs low full toss at off stump, flicked to long-on's right;
14.4;1;Natarajan to Smith, 1 run slower ball, short of a length and pushed across off stump. Looks to lace that through the leg side off the back foot, it ends up pitch side on the off via the inside edge and his front pad;
14.3;?;Natarajan to Smith, no run low full toss at leg stump, shuffles and looks to tickle that fine. Can't get it past KL Rahul down leg side;
14.2;?;Natarajan to Smith, no run full slower ball in the corridor, gets down for the sweep and is beaten;
14.1;1;Natarajan to Henriques, 1 run low full toss at leg stump, flicked to square leg's left;

Chris Lawrence: "Just dreamt of hearing Steve Smith say "I've lost my hands." ---Only nine off the last two overs
 Innings Start
11:08pm And that is all from our coverage of the second match. Good night, and catch you soon!
Kohli: Yeah meant a great deal. We've played as a team in T20 cricket. The fact that we don't have Rohit and Bumrah, our established white ball players, in and still doing well makes me happy. Everyone has played 14 games at least, recently - so they know what their plans are. We just kept them down to a total which we thought was quite chaseable with the short boundary. It's contributions from the whole team that make you feel better because young players are taking their opportunities. The reason was Hardik coming into the team in 2016 was pure ability. He has raw talent. And now he realises that this is his time, the next 4-5 years, to be that bankable player that can win you games from anywhere. His plans are right and I'm glad to see that. We had a word before the game to ride the atmosphere, and the energy from the fans. [The scoop] there was indeed an AB shot! I told Hardik Tye wasn'texpecting it and he said he didn't either. I'll text AB tonight, see what he thinks of it.
Wade: It was good fun [to be captain], a lot more fun till Hardik came out. I think we might have been a little short - not a lot, but then it doesn't matter when Hardik is in [this sort of form]. All in all we played some good cricket, we just mis-executed in some places and that was it. Was great to see Sweppo and Zamps. These guys have played a lot of T20. Unfortunately we couldn't execute in the end.
Hardik: It's pretty simple. I really like to see the scorecard and play. It lets you know the kind of shots and options you have. All my matches, I've realised you always have more time than you realise in T20 matches. No matter the target - we've got 80-90-100 in the last five before, and I take confidence from that. As a unit we believe in playing positive, it gives everyone a chance as well. I thought Matarajan would have been Man of the Match, he gave us a target about 10 runs lower than it would have been.
Hardik Pandya is the Man of the Match.



AussieBren: "Gutsy call to give the debutant the 20th over! I know Sams is more than capable but the pressure on the young man!" Vignesh: "Natarajan should be player of the match today. On a batting track he was brilliant today" Lucky: "Henriques given only 1 over is a crime on this pitch. We already saw in the ODIs that the medium pacers at SCG are hard to hit that well. " Abdul Pak: "Unbelievable...Pandya...wow...he was so clear in his mind what to do. I love his attitude." Surprised: "Superb strokeplay from Hardik. But why did Sams bowl around the wicket when he was bowling very well over the wicket and making batmen reach for the wide off side deliveries...?!!"



WATCH: Sanju Samson's wicket (Indian subcontinent only)
WATCH: Virat Kohli falls while chasing a wide one (Indian subcontinent only)
10:45pm Birthday boy Shreyas Iyer and Hardik Pandya walk off the winners tonight. Rusty for the most part, Pandya but he's shown up right at the end with two crisp hits to seal it. Iyer did his part too, a neat little cameo from him. That's 2-0 to India, who bounce back from the ODI series loss.
19.4;6;Sams to Hardik, SIX runs slogs it well over deep midwicket! Full and angled into the arc once again from around the wicket. He set up for it, picked that it was back of the hand, and swung cleanly through it. Wins India the series;
19.3;?;Sams to Hardik, no run beaten with a smart bouncer. Follows him down leg side. He looks to improvise with the upper cut but that's past him;
19.2;6;Sams to Hardik, SIX runs pumps that wide of long-on! He continues to stay around the wicket. And slides this length ball into Pandya's arc. He nails it on the up;
19.1;2;Sams to Hardik, 2 runs slower ball, sliding into the body. Swishes across it, gets a thick inside edge to deep square leg's right;
18.6;1;Tye to Hardik, 1 run short of a length and wide outside off. Cut straight to backward point, who might have got Pandya at the non-strikers with a direct hit;
18.5;4;Tye to Hardik, FOUR runs drilled to sweeper's right. Good length and wide outside off, backs away and throws his hands at it again. Bat turns in the hands again, but this time he's in more control as he gets it in front of sweeper;
18.4;4;Tye to Hardik, FOUR runs sliced over short third. Full toss outside off. Throws his hands at that. The bat turns in the hand and it flies off the outside half of the bat;
18.3;?;Tye to Hardik, no run beaten again. Full slower ball wide outside off this time, shuffles and scythes and misses;
18.2;?;Tye to Hardik, no run slower ball, short of a length and wide outside off. Beaten on the attempted cut;
18.1;2;Tye to Hardik, 2 runs Iyer takes on long-on's arm and finishes the second. Full slower ball at off stump, drilled to long-on's left;
17.6;4;Zampa to Iyer, FOUR runs short and wide outside off, waits on it this time and chops that between cover and point;
17.5;?;Zampa to Iyer, no run short at off stump, cuts straight to backward point;
17.4;6;Zampa to Iyer, SIX runs a no-look slog wayyyyy over deep midwicket! Full and sliding onto his front leg. He gets to the pitch, watches the ball onto the bat and continues to watch that spot as his perfect bat swing sends this a long way;
17.3;1;Zampa to Hardik, 1 run Wade reviews for lbw. A quicker one slides rapidly onto Pandya's pads in front of leg stump. But there looked to be an inside edge as he looked to whip it through. Hotspot confirms it;
17.2;?;Zampa to Hardik, no run googly at a length on leg stump, through his attempted slog too early. Gets an inside edge to short fine;
17.1;1;Zampa to Iyer, 1 run full and at leg stump. Backs away and looks to loft this straight. Comes off the thick outside edge and lands safely to long-off's left;
16.6;4;Sams to Hardik, FOUR runs chopped past short third man.<.b> Yorker wide outside off, jumps back in the crease and chops down on that. It's off the outside part of the bat and quickly past the fielder;
16.5;2;Sams to Hardik, 2 runs slower ball, good length and wide outside off. Shuffles across and slaps this to sweeper's right;
16.4;?;Sams to Hardik, no run short and wide, sliding across off stump. And hurries him and beats his cut;
16.3;2;Sams to Hardik, 2 runs slower ball, short and wide outside off. Cut firmly to sweeper's left;
16.2;1;Sams to Iyer, 1 run full slower ball at leg stump, flicked to deep square's right;
16.1;W;Sams to Kohli, OUT outside edge is taken! Short and wide outside off. Steps out and chucks his hands at that. It was very wide. He had to reach out to make connection. Comes off the outside edge of the low part of the bat. Loops above Wade who times the jump well;Virat Kohli c ?Wade b Sams 40 (24b 2x4 2x6) SR: 166.66;;

James: "Not a bad first wicket in international cricket for Sams!"
 Innings Start
Australia
India
2nd T20I (N), Sydney, Dec 6 2020, India tour of Australia
194/5
195/4
Player of the match is Hardik Pandya, INDIA
India won by 6 wickets (with 2 balls remaining)
