Data
A 71-run stand between Mitchell Starc and James Faulkner has lifted Australia from the dungeons and have given them a total to fight. Fifty runs came off the last five overs as SA lost the control they had exerted through 80% of the innings. Dale Steyn was fantastic: he struck with the new ball, then shook Australia's batting middle with the reversing ball. That left Australia gasping at 144 for 8, but South Africa are now faced with an interesting chase. This might be slightly below par but it's not going to be easy to score runs here. We will be back in 30 mins.
49.6;?;Morkel to Starc, no run swing and a miss, but Australia have done well;
49.5;2;Morkel to Starc, 2 runs he shuffles across to the off side and drags the length ball to wide long on for a couple;
49.4;W;Morkel to Faulkner, OUT he moves to the leg side to hit it over the top but Faulkner has holed out at long on;James Faulkner c Miller b Morkel 39 (75m 37b 4x4 0x6) SR: 105.4;
49.3;2;Morkel to Faulkner, 2 runs fires it in the blockhole but the batsmen take a couple to long off, that was hit straight down the ground;
49.2;1;Morkel to Starc, 1 run he gets cramped for room as Morkel targets the ribs, the batsman takes off for a single. Morne gets to the ball and wants to hit the stumps, but holds it back. Starc was in the way and Morkel has been wary of throwing all day;
49.1;?;Morkel to Starc, no run slower delivery, the batsman swings his bat but meets thin air;
48.6;4;Parnell to Faulkner, FOUR runs down the leg side and Faulkner just has to get some bat on it, he flicks it past the short fine leg fielder for yet another boundary. Parnell was expecting him to make room, but Faulkner was still this time;
48.5;3;Parnell to Starc, 3 runs he clears his front leg and hammers the short delivery over extra cover for three runs to the deep. These runs are hurting SA;
48.4;1;Parnell to Faulkner, 1 run he makes room and punches it to extra cover for a single;
48.3;?;Parnell to Faulkner, no run bowls a sharp bouncer now! Faulkner fends it in the air down the pitch.. a few meters away from Parnell. The bowler gets to the ball and fires a throw at the non-striker's;
48.2;?;Parnell to Faulkner, no run good slower delivery this one! The batsman reaches out as this is wide, but can only underedge it to the keeper;
48.1;2;Parnell to Faulkner, 2 runs bowls on the pads as the batsman tries to make room, but Faulkner smartly flicks it through backward square leg;
47.6;4b;Morkel to Starc, 4 byes this beats everyone! It was a good slower ball and beats the batsman's swing, but it drops short of de Kock, who is not able to bring his body behind it. Australia breach the 200-mark. Excellent stuff from these two;
47.5;?;Morkel to Starc, no run looks to pull but this is a slower bouncer! That hits the batsman's rib cage.;
47.4;1;Morkel to Faulkner, 1 run gets a high full toss which he outside edge down to third man! The bowler is lucky, that could have gone anywhere.. Faulkner was intent on sending it outside the ground;
47.4;1w;Morkel to Faulkner, 1 wide he sees the batsman charging and pushes it wide, a bit too wide..;
47.3;2;Morkel to Faulkner, 2 runs he comes forward and wallop's this length delivery to the cow corner for a couple of runs;
47.2;4;Morkel to Faulkner, FOUR runs he has cleared the mid-off fielder! Faulkner was saving himself for this assault, makes room and slices it over the infield.. Not much timing, but that would do;
47.1;2;Morkel to Faulkner, 2 runs sharp bouncer, the batsman pulls it without timing to vacant wide mid-on and they get back for a couple.. It was off the toe of the bat;
46.6;1lb;Steyn to Faulkner, 1 leg bye fired on the blockhole, the batsman digs it out to the leg side for a quick single;
46.5;4;Steyn to Faulkner, FOUR runs second boundary now! Faulkner is turning it on, he moves to the leg side and drills this fuller delivery through extra cover for four more;
46.4;4;Steyn to Faulkner, FOUR runs Whoaa.. Fa U L K N E R!! He goes long.. Charges down the pitch, Steyn chases him but he still swings across the line and clears the rope at cow corner.. only just.. but Australia are loving these late hits. The umpires want to be sure if that cleared the ropes.. it's given a four;
46.3;?;Steyn to Faulkner, no run makes room and swings down the line, makes no connection though;
46.2;2;Steyn to Faulkner, 2 runs nearly a catch at slip! But that travelled quickly to him and was going over.. Faulkner makes room and flashes hard, Amla does well to get a hand to it actually;
46.1;2;Steyn to Faulkner, 2 runs fires it full on the stumps, the batsman flicks it through midwicket for a single;
45.6;?;Phangiso to Starc, no run looks to hit across the line, the batsman gets hit on the pads;
45.5;6;Phangiso to Starc, SIX runs useful hitting! Starc is being the thorn for South Africa here, swings hard and clears the rope over long on.. Australia are making something out of this;
45.4;?;Phangiso to Starc, no run fuller delivery on the stumps, the batsman digs it out to the off;
45.3;?;Phangiso to Starc, no run sliding down the leg side but the batsman paddles it to short fine leg;
45.2;1;Phangiso to Faulkner, 1 run flatter delivery on the stumps, the batsman dabs it to the leg side for a single;
45.1;1lb;Phangiso to Starc, 1 leg bye how has he survived that one! That spun in from outside off and hit the batsman who was stuck on the crease.. was it turning down leg? Maybe;
44.6;?;Parnell to Faulkner, no run bouncer down the leg side, but Russell Tiffin lets the bowler off the hook, he thinks it's fine;
44.5;1;Parnell to Starc, 1 run he comes forward and pulls this off the front foot to deep midwicket for a couple. Not much pace from Parnell there, easily dealt with;
44.4;?;Parnell to Starc, no run looks to cut this down to third man but plays inside the line, beaten;
44.3;?;Parnell to Starc, no run he looks to push this through point but cannot beat the fielder;
44.2;?;Parnell to Starc, no run he comes forward to defend but punches this in the air almost all the way to mid off;
44.1;?;Parnell to Starc, no run length delivery outside off, the batsman can only slice it to point;
43.6;1;Tahir to Starc, 1 run full and quick outside off, the batsman slices it to deep point for a single;
43.5;?;Tahir to Starc, no run swings across the line but this is not full enough, bounces over his bat and hits the keeper on the chest;
43.4;6;Tahir to Starc, SIX runs long handle comes handy! Starc gets under this flighted delivery and smashes it over the cow corner;
43.3;?;Tahir to Starc, no run it's the googles..spins the other way, beating the outside edge;
43.2;?;Tahir to Starc, no run quicker delivery on the stumps, the batsman defended down the pitch;
43.1;?;Tahir to Starc, no run driven in the air but just lands short of Duminy at cover;
42.6;1;Parnell to Starc, 1 run length delivery wide outside off, punched on the up to deep cover;
42.5;?;Parnell to Starc, no run sharp bouncer! Starc was getting sucked into it but gets his head out of the way right at the last moment;
42.4;1;Parnell to Faulkner, 1 run they want a quick single to cover point, but Faulkner has to turn back as Faf charges in from point.. The throw is not being backed up, and they get the single anyway;
42.3;1;Parnell to Starc, 1 run there is enough width this time, Starc crashes it to deep cover for a single;
42.2;2;Parnell to Starc, 2 runs short and wide, easily steered through backward point for a couple of runs to third man;
42.1;?;Parnell to Starc, no run length delivery outside off, the batsman leaves it alone. There was a hint of inward movement on that;
41.6;1;Tahir to Starc, 1 run bowls the slider on off, the batsman nudges it through square leg for a single;
41.5;?;Tahir to Starc, no run he bowls the googly but this is too full, allows the batsman to cover the spin, and kill it, bury it in the pitch;
41.4;1;Tahir to Faulkner, 1 run he dabs it through midwicket for a single to the deep;
41.3;?;Tahir to Faulkner, no run sees the googly early and nudges it to short fine leg, but the fielder charges in and prevents the single;
41.2;1;Tahir to Starc, 1 run he leans forward and drives the tossed up delivery down to long off;
41.1;?;Tahir to Starc, no run long hop on the stumps but Starc is in survival mode, defends it down the pitch;
40.6;?;Steyn to Faulkner, no run he fires a fuller delivery on the stumps, Faulkner can only push it to mid-off. No respite;
40.5;1;Steyn to Starc, 1 run he pushes this into the covers to get to the other end;
40.4;?;Steyn to Starc, no run short ball outside off, Starch is a little late on the shot and underedges it to the keeper;
40.3;?;Steyn to Starc, no run slightly short of length, the batsman defends it to the off side;
40.2;?;Steyn to Starc, no run another one slides past the outside edge. Starc is not holding back his drives, but he is sitting on the passenger seat at the moment;
40.1;?;Steyn to Starc, no run that is quick! It swings away and fizzes past the outside edge;
39.6;1;Morkel to Starc, 1 run back of length outside off, the batsman defends it to the off side and a misfield allows one run. Australia touch the 150 marker;
39.5;?;Morkel to Starc, no run length delivery on the stumps, Starc comes forward and defends;
39.4;1;Morkel to Faulkner, 1 run it's a slower bouncer, Faulkner drags it to deep midwicket with a laboured pull;
39.4;1nb;Morkel to Faulkner, (no ball) angled in to the right-hander, the batsman defends it off the back foot.. He has overstepped though;
39.3;1;Morkel to Starc, 1 run he punches this on the up to pick up a single to mid off;
39.2;1;Morkel to Faulkner, 1 run he leans into this fuller delivery and drives it comfortably to deep cover;
39.1;?;Morkel to Faulkner, no run length delivery on off, the batsman comes forward and defends it to the leg side;
38.6;?;Steyn to Starc, no run length delivery on off, the batsman punches it to cover;
38.5;?;Steyn to Starc, no run he clips this length delivery off his pads, cannot beat the man at square leg;
38.4;?;Steyn to Starc, no run this one swings back in to the left-hander, who leaves it alone thinking it was going away, just misses the off stump;
38.3;?;Steyn to Starc, no run swing and a miss, the batsman wants to go downtown with that shot but it zips past the outside edge;
38.2;?;Steyn to Starc, no run comes forward and defends the length delivery to the off side;
38.1;?;Steyn to Starc, no run angles this one away from the left-hander, Starc leaves it alone;
38.1;1w;Steyn to Starc, 1 wide this one slides past the outside edge as the batsman looks to drive.. called a wide, a tad harshly;
37.6;W;Morkel to Johnson, OUT superb catch at the boundary from Phangiso! To be fair to Johnson, he got a good amount of bat on that.. he flicked it off the middle stump and this would have been a six on some grounds.. but this is a long boundary.. Phangiso, at deep square leg, has to back-pedal and manages to hold on as the ball threatens to go over his shoulder;Mitchell Johnson c Phangiso b Morkel 6 (9m 6b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
37.5;4;Morkel to Johnson, FOUR runs clean swish of the bat! This was fuller and Johnson moves to the leg side, making just enough room to hammer it over mid-off;
37.4;1;Morkel to Faulkner, 1 run he comes forward and pushes it past the diving cover point fielder for a single to the deep;
37.3;?;Morkel to Faulkner, no run back of length delivery on the stumps, the batsman defends it to the off side;
37.2;1;Morkel to Johnson, 1 run squares up the batsman with a length delivery, Johnson gets an outside edge down to third man;
37.1;?;Morkel to Johnson, no run angled across the left-hander, Johnson shoulders arms;
36.6;?;Steyn to Faulkner, no run length delivery on off, the batsman is wary of those inswingers, but this one comes in straight, defended to cover;
36.5;?;Steyn to Faulkner, no run fuller outside off, Faulkner comes forward and pushes it of mid-off;
36.4;?;Steyn to Faulkner, no run fuller delivery on off stump, Faulkner watches it carefully and defends;
36.3;1;Steyn to Johnson, 1 run outside edge this time, this flies flat to third man;
36.2;?;Steyn to Johnson, no run angled across the batsman, who stays in the crease as he tries to defend this fuller delivery, it whistles past the outside edge;
36.1;W;Steyn to Haddin, OUT you can't keep him away! This one is fired in to the stumps and Haddin gets smacked on the back pad.. that was hitting middle and leg. Not massive reverse, but it just tails in enough to get a wicket.. At his pace, it's always a tricky delivery to play;Brad Haddin lbw b Steyn 6 (37m 19b 0x4 0x6) SR: 31.57;
35.6;1;Phangiso to Haddin, 1 run they pick up another single to the off side with a calm dab;
35.5;1;Phangiso to Faulkner, 1 run comes forward and pushes this softly to cover for a single;
35.4;1;Phangiso to Haddin, 1 run dropped, by AB? yes, you don't see that often. The batsman went for a cross-batted slog and hit it straight to him at midwicket - a simple chest-high chance - but he can't close his palms around that. He took a stinger to dismissed Hughes;
35.3;?;Phangiso to Haddin, no run he goes back in the crease and defends the floated delivery to midwicket;
35.2;1;Phangiso to Faulkner, 1 run drifting on to the pads, the batsman dabs it to midwicket for a single;
35.1;?;Phangiso to Faulkner, no run tossed up and slower, the batsman comes forward and defends;
34.6;?;Parnell to Haddin, no run he waits on the back foot and defends this length delivery to the off side;
34.5;1;Parnell to Faulkner, 1 run he gets off the mark with a quick single to mid-on, could have been in trouble had this hit;
34.4;?;Parnell to Faulkner, no run swings it away from a short of length, squares up the batsman, it flies past the outside edge;
34.3;W;Parnell to Marsh, OUT now Marsh is sent packing! This one is on a length - pretty straight forward delivery - and Marsh pushes at it a bit tentatively.. It gets a thick inside edge and knocks the middle stump back;Mitchell Marsh b Parnell 27 (67m 46b 1x4 1x6) SR: 58.69;
34.2;?;Parnell to Marsh, no run length delivery angled across the right-hander, the batsman pushes it straight to point;
34.1;?;Parnell to Marsh, no run back of length delivery on the stumps, the batsman defends it to mid on;
33.6;1;Tahir to Marsh, 1 run high full toss this time, the batsman punches it to long on for a single.;
33.5;?;Tahir to Marsh, no run he nudges it to the leg side but straight to backward square leg;
33.4;?;Tahir to Marsh, no run quicker delivery on the stumps, the batsman defends it down the pitch;
33.3;?;Tahir to Marsh, no run;
33.2;6;Tahir to Marsh, SIX runs he has had enough! He takes a tiny step down the pitch and hammers the flighted delivery over the sight screen...out of the ground.. He has cleared the four-storey building there;
33.1;?;Tahir to Marsh, no run flatter and turning away, the batsman defends but the ball rolls back close to his off stump;
32.6;?;Parnell to Haddin, no run now that's what we are talking about! Fuller delivery, swerves away late and opens up the batsman completely.. Haddin doesn't have a clue..;
32.5;1;Parnell to Marsh, 1 run looks for the pull but gets a bottom edge to the off side.. Faf comes flying from point and hits the stumps at the striker's end, Haddin was in through;
32.4;?;Parnell to Marsh, no run he comes forward and punches the length ball down to mid-on;
32.3;?;Parnell to Marsh, no run fuller delivery on the stumps, the batsman punches it through to mid-off.. This was shaping away from the batsman.. Amla waiting at first slip;
32.2;?;Parnell to Marsh, no run shorter on off now, the batsman cannot get it away, chops it close to his boots;
32.1;1;Parnell to Haddin, 1 run bowls it full, possibly looking for the reverse, the batsman digs it out through point;
31.6;?;Tahir to Marsh, no run slides this one in, the batsman defends it to the off side;
31.5;?;Tahir to Marsh, no run bowls the googly, the batsman comes forward and gets an inside edge on to his pads;
31.4;1;Tahir to Haddin, 1 run he waits on the back foot and punches it down to long off for a single;
31.3;?;Tahir to Haddin, no run he comes forward and defends it to off;
31.2;?;Tahir to Haddin, no run slides this one in, the batsman defends it down the pitch;
31.1;1;Tahir to Marsh, 1 run quicker and on the stumps, the batsman drives it through mid-off;
30.6;?;Parnell to Haddin, no run back of length outside off, the batsman defends it to backward point;
30.5;1;Parnell to Marsh, 1 run he waits for this cutter and steers it down to third man for a single;
30.4;1;Parnell to Haddin, 1 run he clips it off his hips towards midwicket for a quick single;
30.3;?;Parnell to Haddin, no run he hops around in the crease and defends this short of length delivery to the off side;
30.2;1;Parnell to Marsh, 1 run back of length on the stumps, the batsman dabs it to square leg for a single;
30.1;?;Parnell to Marsh, no run short delivery, stops on the surface and messes the batsman's pull shot, he takes the hit on his shoulder;
29.6;1;Tahir to Marsh, 1 run this spins the conventional way, Marsh punches it to deep cover for a single;
29.5;1;Tahir to Haddin, 1 run drifting on to the pads, the batsman nudges it to short fine leg for a quick sone;
29.4;?;Tahir to Haddin, no run tossed up on the stumps, Haddin comes forward and defends;
29.3;1;Tahir to Marsh, 1 run he goes deep and wrists away the googly to deep midwicket;
29.2;?;Tahir to Marsh, no run lunges forward and defends the flatter delivery down the pitch;
29.1;?;Tahir to Marsh, no run short and quick on the stumps, Marsh punches it back to the bowler;
28.6;?;Steyn to Haddin, no run he leaves this alone but I am not sure if he knew how close it was, it goes zipping past the off stump..Steyn smiles;
28.5;?;Steyn to Haddin, no run this one swings away but it's too wide, easily left alone;
28.4;?;Steyn to Haddin, no run wobbles a bit outside off, Haddin is not very sure if he wants to go forward or back, and pushes at it from the crease, defends to point;
28.3;?;Steyn to Haddin, no run he watches it carefully and keeps it out to cover.. This one was on a length and didn't come back..;
28.2;W;Steyn to Maxwell, OUT this is gone! Maxwell can't solve this equation.. Steyn has been reversing it in in the second spell and this time he traps him on the back foot.. Maxwell was stuck in the crease and plays outside the line.. The umpire raises the finger;Glenn Maxwell lbw b Steyn 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
28.1;W;Steyn to Finch, OUT Finch goes extinct! The theory of evolution would tell you that Finch was a bit uncomfortable in the environment and was not going to last long. (Maybe there will be new improved version soon). This one jags back in from Steyn and takes out the middle as the batsman pushes limply outside the line, leaving a gap between bat and pad. Excellent delivery;Aaron Finch b Steyn 54 (115m 87b 5x4 0x6) SR: 62.06;
27.6;?;Phangiso to Marsh, no run tossed up on the stumps, driven towards the non-striker where Phangiso fields;
27.5;1;Phangiso to Finch, 1 run finally gets one off the middle, a flick to deep midwicket takes him off strike;
27.4;?;Phangiso to Finch, no run gets some inside edge to short fine leg as he looks to work this away to the leg side;
27.3;?;Phangiso to Finch, no run still no respite! He comes down the pitch and plays down the wrong line, gets hit on the pads;
27.2;?;Phangiso to Finch, no run opens his stance to play it to the off side but pushes it straight to point;
27.1;1;Phangiso to Marsh, 1 run he looks to punch it through off, but gets a thick inside edge to square leg;
26.6;?;Steyn to Finch, no run stays in the crease and defends the length delivery to cover.. He is a little annoyed with his current struggle to get the balls away;
26.5;?;Steyn to Finch, no run he can't seem to put bat properly on ball, gets a thick inside edge on to his pads;
26.4;1lb;Steyn to Marsh, 1 leg bye he misses out on a flick on this leg side-ish delivery, picks up a leg bye to square leg;
26.3;?;Steyn to Marsh, no run fuller delivery on off, Mitchell comes solidly behind it and defends it back to Steyn;
26.2;1;Steyn to Finch, 1 run he stays in the crease and punches it past cover point for a single;
26.1;1;Steyn to Marsh, 1 run back of length on off stump, Marsh glides it down to third man for a single;
25.6;1;Phangiso to Marsh, 1 run he waits on the back foot and whips it behind square on the leg side for a single;
25.5;1;Phangiso to Finch, 1 run cramps him for room with a leg-stump line, Finch punches it down to long on;
25.4;?;Phangiso to Finch, no run slower and tossed up, Finch chops it to backward point;
25.3;?;Phangiso to Finch, no run he goes back and pushes it to cover;
25.2;1;Phangiso to Marsh, 1 run flatter this time, turns away but is comfortably punched down to long off;
25.1;?;Phangiso to Marsh, no run tossed up on off, the batsman defends to off;
24.6;?;Steyn to Finch, no run another one hits the pads but this one is slipping down the leg side too;
24.5;?;Steyn to Finch, no run quicker delivery raps the batsman on the pads. Finch is stuck in the crease but this one is sliding down the leg side;
24.4;?;Steyn to Finch, no run length delivery on the stumps, the batsman jams the bat down to defend it to mid-on;
24.3;1;Steyn to Marsh, 1 run wanted to play a bit across the line to this short of length delivery and gets a thick inside edge down to fine leg;
24.2;?;Steyn to Marsh, no run length delivery on off, he comes forward and defends it comfortably to cover point;
24.1;1;Steyn to Finch, 1 run back of length on top of off, the batsman chops it to backward point for a quick single;
23.6;1;Morkel to Finch, 1 run he pushes it in the air through cover point to bring up his half-century to bring up his fourth fifty..;
23.5;?;Morkel to Finch, no run superb delivery! This one angles in and then straightens to fizz past the outside edge.. That is the fourth one in the over that has misses the edge;
23.4;?;Morkel to Finch, no run back of length outside off, the batsman punches it to cover off the back foot;
23.3;?;Morkel to Finch, no run three in a row! There has been enough width on each of these deliveries, but Finch's feet are stuck to the crease.. misses out on a cut shot;
23.2;?;Morkel to Finch, no run another one past the outside edge as Finch looks to hit out over cover;
23.1;?;Morkel to Finch, no run length delivery outside off, it's bowled a touch slower, the batsman misses the cut and is beaten;
22.6;1;Tahir to Finch, 1 run driven firmly off the front foot but Faf dives at short cover to stop a certain boundary;
22.5;4;Tahir to Finch, FOUR runs this is flighted too full, the batsman takes it on the full and whips it over midwicket for a boundary. It brings up team's 100;
22.4;?;Tahir to Finch, no run tossed up outside off, Finch wants drill it through cover but gets an inside edge to short fine leg;
22.3;1;Tahir to Marsh, 1 run googly again, but this is short enough for the batsman to pick, pushed to long on for single;
22.2;3;Tahir to Finch, 3 runs now this one is fired on the toes, the batsman manages to clip it fine on the leg side for three;
22.1;?;Tahir to Finch, no run tossed up much slower, the batsman comes forward and defends;
21.6;1;Morkel to Finch, 1 run big outside edge as the batsman looks for a drive but there is no one in the slips. Tahir slides across from third man to prevent the boundary;
21.5;1;Morkel to Marsh, 1 run he waits on the back foot and guides this one to third man for a single;
21.4;4;Morkel to Marsh, FOUR runs another bouncer attempted but this has room outside off, Marsh climbs on to that and whacks it through midwicket with a powerful pull;
21.3;?;Morkel to Marsh, no run bouncer outside off, the batsman drops his wrists;
21.2;1;Morkel to Finch, 1 run good job by Miller at mid-on to stop that! That was punched in the air past the bowler's right hand.. and was running away.. it got a bad bounce too but Miller was keeping a solid eye on it.;
21.1;?;Morkel to Finch, no run back of length delivery on the stumps, defended to midwicket off the back foot;
20.6;?;Tahir to Marsh, no run quicker delivery on the stumps, the batsman defends it to off;
20.5;?;Tahir to Marsh, no run lots of air on this one, the batsman pushes it back to the bowler;
20.4;?;Tahir to Marsh, no run tossed up outside off, the batsman pushes it to cover;
20.3;1;Tahir to Finch, 1 run fuller and flighted, the batsman punches it down to long off for a single;
20.2;1;Tahir to Marsh, 1 run flatter and quicker outside off, the batsman dabs it to short third man for a quick single;
20.1;?;Tahir to Marsh, no run tossed up on off, the batsman comes forward and defends it to extra cover;
19.6;1;Morkel to Marsh, 1 run this one gets big on the batsman but he manages to steer it down to third man;
19.5;?;Morkel to Marsh, no run fuller delivery outside off, Marsh drives it straight to cover;
19.4;1;Morkel to Finch, 1 run fuller outside off, the batsman punches it on the up to deep extra cover for a single;
19.3;1;Morkel to Marsh, 1 run back of length delivery on the body, the batsman is off the mark with a clip to fine leg;
19.2;?;Morkel to Marsh, no run short delivery first up, the batsman ducks under it;
19.1;1;Morkel to Finch, 1 run oh he launches this back of length delivery over cover, a strange shot to play when there is a fielder in the deep.. It just lands short of the fielder.. Finch thought he had holed out;
18.6;W;Tahir to Bailey, OUT that's the googly again! Tahir buzz lightyears to infinity and beyond in celebration.. Last over, Bailey didn't pick one. He doesn't pick this one either but chops this on to his stumps;George Bailey b Imran Tahir 12 (38m 28b 0x4 0x6) SR: 42.85;
18.5;1;Tahir to Finch, 1 run fuller on off, Finch punches it down the ground firmly, to long-on;
18.4;1;Tahir to Bailey, 1 run dabs it fine to short third man for a quick single;
18.3;?;Tahir to Bailey, no run slides this one in a touch quicker, the batsman punches it to cover;
18.2;?;Tahir to Bailey, no run appeal for lbw as the batsman pushes outside the line and gets hit on the pads.. good shout there.. probably going over middle;
18.1;?;Tahir to Bailey, no run tossed up delivery on the stumps, the batsman pushes it back down the pitch;
17.6;1;Phangiso to Bailey, 1 run short delivery, this is pulled firmly to deep backward square leg;
17.5;1;Phangiso to Finch, 1 run he gets a touch cramped as Phangiso bowls it on pads after the batsman has charged down, gets an inside edge to short fine leg and takes a single;
17.4;1;Phangiso to Bailey, 1 run he comes out of the crease and gets to the pitch of the delivery, drives it to long off;
17.3;?;Phangiso to Bailey, no run much slower from Phangiso, the batsman comes forward and defends it to off;
17.2;?;Phangiso to Bailey, no run takes a step out and pushes it towards cover, wants a single but is rightly sent back;
17.1;1;Phangiso to Finch, 1 run tossed up delivery outside off, the batsman punches it to deep cover for a single;
16.6;?;Tahir to Bailey, no run full and flighted on the stumps, the batsman defends it to midwicket;
16.5;1;Tahir to Finch, 1 run lots of air on this one, Finch drills it down to long off;
16.4;1;Tahir to Bailey, 1 run fuller and quicker on the pads, the batsman punches it down to long on;
16.3;2;Tahir to Bailey, 2 runs superb delivery! Bailey didn't read that googly at all. He was shaping for cut and surprises the batsman, it gets a bottom edge to the leg side;
16.2;?;Tahir to Bailey, no run tossed up on the stumps, the batsman comes forward and defends;
16.1;?;Tahir to Bailey, no run he plays the fuller delivery from the crease, wrists it to point;
15.6;?;Phangiso to Finch, no run tossed up this time, the batsman comes forward and defends;
15.5;1;Phangiso to Bailey, 1 run back of length, cut straight to point;
15.4;1;Phangiso to Finch, 1 run that's a grand for Finch as he punches this to deep cover for a single;
15.3;2;Phangiso to Finch, 2 runs he waits on the back foot and cuts it behind point for a couple to move to 999 ODI runs;
15.2;1;Phangiso to Bailey, 1 run much slower this time, the batsman waits and punches it to deep cover;
15.1;?;Phangiso to Bailey, no run he comes out of the pitch and drives this to off, but cannot beat cover;
14.6;?;Tahir to Finch, no run tossed up and much slower, the batsman waits and cuts it late, but straight to short third man;
14.5;?;Tahir to Finch, no run looks to cut again, but this skids on.. he ends up chopping to off;
14.4;?;Tahir to Finch, no run comes out of the crease and yorks himself;
14.3;?;Tahir to Finch, no run wooo that was close! The batsman makes room to cut it through off but it doesn't bounce much.. he underedges it close to his boot.. That could have gone anywhere.. by which I mean towards the stumps;
14.2;?;Tahir to Finch, no run tossed up outside off, the batsman comes forward and pushes it to cover;
14.1;1;Tahir to Bailey, 1 run poor start, this is short and down the leg side, pulled down to fine leg for a single;
13.6;?;Phangiso to Finch, no run he pushes it to the gap at cover off the back foot;
13.5;?;Phangiso to Finch, no run stays solidly behind the line of this one, defends it to off;
13.4;?;Phangiso to Finch, no run lunges forward and defends the slower delivery to the off side;
13.3;?;Phangiso to Finch, no run comes down the pitch to push it to the leg side but plays outside the line, gets hit on the pads;
13.2;?;Phangiso to Finch, no run he looks to punch this through off, but chops it towards point;
13.1;1;Phangiso to Bailey, 1 run tossed up outside off, the batsman drives it to wide long off for a single;
12.6;?;Parnell to Finch, no run walks way down the pitch to work this shortish delivery to the leg side but gets hit high on the pads;
12.5;2;Parnell to Finch, 2 runs back of length on the pads, he nudges it to midwicket for a single but a poor throw allows an extra run;
12.4;1;Parnell to Bailey, 1 run fuller and wider outside off, easy pickings as Bailey drives it to deep extra cover;
12.3;?;Parnell to Bailey, no run superb delivery! This one jags away from the batsman after pitching.. was the cutter actually. Beats the outside edge;
12.2;1lb;Parnell to Finch, 1 leg bye another appeal, this one is for lbw.. But this one pitched outside leg and was probably going over.. The batsmen take a leg bye to the off side;
12.1;?;Parnell to Finch, no run he keeps it tight around off stump, Finch defends it to point;
11.6;?;Phangiso to Bailey, no run takes a step down the pitch and smothers the spin with a dead bat;
11.5;1;Phangiso to Finch, 1 run he goes deep in the crease and works it away to deep extra cover for a single;
11.4;?;Phangiso to Finch, no run flatter and shorter, turns away and squares up the batsman who was looking to come down, defended to point;
11.3;2;Phangiso to Finch, 2 runs now he plays for the turn and there isn't any, gets a thick inside edge past the leg stump for a run down to fine leg;
11.2;?;Phangiso to Finch, no run here's the turn! That fizzes past the forward defensive poke;
11.1;?;Phangiso to Finch, no run short and wide, spinning away from the batsman, the batsman is not able to get timing as he shapes to cut.. chops it to point;
10.6;?;Parnell to Bailey, no run crashes this widish delivery in front of point but cannot beat the fielder;
10.5;1;Parnell to Finch, 1 run bowls it a touch slower this time, the batsman plays it to mid-on with soft hands and calls for a quick single;
10.5;5w;Parnell to Finch, 5 wide this is a good over.. surprises the batsman with a sharp bouncer but it sails over the batsman and the keeper;
10.4;?;Parnell to Finch, no run length delivery on the stump, the batsman defends it to mid-on;
10.3;?;Parnell to Finch, no run another appeal for caught behind as this one passes the outside edge as Finch misses the cut shot! But I heard a sound there. Parnell is gobsmacked by that call. Loud noise as the ball passes the bat.. Has to be the bat.. No wonder Parnell is miffed. De Kock was excited too. Tiffin, the umpire, doesn't budge;
10.2;?;Parnell to Finch, no run loud appeal for caught behind, De Kock is jumping up and about in celebration.. this one cut back in to the batsman and flicked the top of the pad en route to the keeper;
10.1;?;Parnell to Finch, no run back of length delivery on off, easily defended to the off side;
9.6;?;Phangiso to Bailey, no run goes deep in the crease and defends this flatter delivery to the leg side;
9.5;?;Phangiso to Bailey, no run takes a step out of the crease and defends it down the pitch;
9.4;?;Phangiso to Bailey, no run much slower on off, the batsman punches it to cover off the back foot;
9.3;1;Phangiso to Finch, 1 run tossed up on off, the batsman dabs it to midwicket for a single;
9.2;1;Phangiso to Bailey, 1 run pushed through on off, the batsman nudges it to midwicket off the back foot;
9.1;1;Phangiso to Finch, 1 run uses his feet and pushes the fuller delivery to wide mid-on for a single. Morkel has to dive to his right to stop that.. rolls on that injured shoulder;
8.6;?;Parnell to Bailey, no run angles it across the right-hander, who lets it go through. Excellent over from Parnell, a wicket maiden;
8.5;W;Parnell to Smith, OUT they are struggling a bit now! This is a nothing pull and the top-edge lobs up towards the non-striker end where Miller, running in from mid-on, takes an easy one. It was the effort ball, got a bit big on Smith and his bottom hand came off the handle ..;Steven Smith c Miller b Parnell 10 (20m 15b 2x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
8.4;?;Parnell to Smith, no run this one fizzes past the outside edge as the batsman tries to steer it to third man. That took off from the pitch;
8.3;?;Parnell to Smith, no run length delivery on off, the batsman comes forward and defends it towards point;
8.2;?;Parnell to Smith, no run shuffles across and pushes the length delivery down the pitch towards mid-off;
8.1;?;Parnell to Smith, no run fires it on a length around off stump, Smith defends it down the pitch;
7.6;4;Phangiso to Finch, FOUR runs he is finally able to get it through! Handsome inside-out drive over the infield. He was trying to score six boundaries in this over.. but he gets the first one off the sixth ball;
7.5;?;Phangiso to Finch, no run slower this time, the batsman wanted to nudge it to the leg side but gets a leading edge down the pitch;
7.4;?;Phangiso to Finch, no run comes down the pitch but almost yorks himself, gets an inside edge on to his pads;
7.3;?;Phangiso to Finch, no run looks to force it away through backward point but cannot beat the fielder;
7.2;?;Phangiso to Finch, no run pushed through on off, the batsman chops it down to short third man;
7.1;?;Phangiso to Finch, no run he moves to the leg side to give himself room and drills it through off, but straight to short cover;
6.6;?;Parnell to Smith, no run angled across the right-hander, who leaves this one alone;
6.5;4;Parnell to Smith, FOUR runs he waits on the back foot and cracks the short and wide delivery through backward point. A loose delivery there;
6.4;?;Parnell to Smith, no run he flicks it in the air from outside off, it just lands short of Miller at mid-on. A hair-raising moment for the batsman.. Parnell's are already raised;
6.3;1;Parnell to Finch, 1 run back of length now, the batsman has to hop around and he nudges it to midwicket for a single;
6.2;4;Parnell to Finch, FOUR runs cracking drive! Parnell serves up a juicy half-volley and it is drilled past the bowler at scorching pace;
6.1;?;Parnell to Finch, no run fires a yorker on off stump, the batsman digs it out down the pitch;
5.6;4;Morkel to Smith, FOUR runs smartly punched down the ground! He stands tall to this shortish one, and while normally a batsman would go square with the shot, Smith goes down the ground.. beats mid-off;
5.5;?;Morkel to Smith, no run slower ball from Morkel! You don't see them often.. Smith plays for it much earlier without moving his feet and is comprehensively beaten;
5.4;?;Morkel to Smith, no run shuffles across, the batsman whips it across to the leg side, straight to square leg;
5.3;?;Morkel to Smith, no run length delivery on off, the batsman defends it down the pitch;
5.2;1;Morkel to Finch, 1 run smart work at third man, Parnell there, which keeps the batsmen to just a single. It was a late cut that was running quickly towards the boundary;
5.1;1;Morkel to Smith, 1 run he clips this angled delivery down to fine leg. The shortness in length allowing the batsman time to work his shot out;
4.6;?;Steyn to Finch, no run back of length just outside off, defended to cover;
4.5;4;Steyn to Finch, FOUR runs this is easily chipped over wide mid-on for a boundary.. Steyn is floating them up striving for the big outswing, but there isn't any, easy pickings;
4.4;?;Steyn to Finch, no run length delivery on off, the batsman stays back and punches it down the pitch;
4.3;1;Steyn to Smith, 1 run drifting on to the pads and Smith flicks it to fine leg for a single;
4.2;?;Steyn to Smith, no run fuller and on the off and middle line, the batsman tucks it to midwicket;
4.1;W;Steyn to Hughes, OUT first wicket! This has been smashed to short cover. Steyn pitched it up outside off and Hughes made such good connection the reverberation of that shot would have been felt in Melbourne.. but he punches it straight into the hands of the fielder.. A stinger made look easy;Phillip Hughes c de Villiers b Steyn 15 (18m 16b 2x4 0x6) SR: 93.75;
3.6;1;Morkel to Hughes, 1 run arches back and chops down the short of length delivery to third man;
3.5;1lb;Morkel to Finch, 1 leg bye drifts on to the pads and Finch misses out a flick, it grazes the pads and rolls to the leg side;
3.4;?;Morkel to Finch, no run he stays back and chops the back of length delivery towards the slip cordon. Only Amla placed there;
3.3;1;Morkel to Hughes, 1 run gets low at the crease as he cuts this back of length delivery to third man;
3.2;?;Morkel to Hughes, no run he stands tall and punches the length delivery to the off side;
3.1;?;Morkel to Hughes, no run he shapes to pull but this doesn't get up much, takes the bottom edge and rears towards the vulnerable regions;
2.6;?;Steyn to Finch, no run targets the off stump with a skiddy delivery, the batsman defends it to the off side;
2.5;?;Steyn to Finch, no run stands tall again and punches the back of length delivery to point;
2.4;4;Steyn to Finch, FOUR runs superbly hit through extra cover! Finch trusts the bounce, watches the swing and just punches it beautifully through off.. that races away. That's one pretty shot there;
2.3;3;Steyn to Hughes, 3 runs gives some width outside off and Hughes punches it on the up through cover.. The lack of swing aiding his composure as he places it in the gap;
2.2;?;Steyn to Hughes, no run bowls in the channel just outside off, the batsman doesn't have any room, has to defend it down the pitch;
2.1;?;Steyn to Hughes, no run swings this into the pads, Hughes shapes for the flick but gets rapped on the pads;
1.6;2;Morkel to Finch, 2 runs first big shot! Finch leans into this length delivery and chips it over midwicket.. not much timing but it takes the ball comfortably over the infield;
1.5;1;Morkel to Hughes, 1 run length delivery outside off, he steers it to third man to turn the strike over;
1.4;4;Morkel to Hughes, FOUR runs another pull! this is through wide mid-on and it teases Phangiso all the way to the boundary. It wasn't that short but Hughes quickly rocks back and flat-bats it in front of square;
1.3;?;Morkel to Hughes, no run length delivery on the stumps, Hughes defends it off the back foot to midwicket;
1.3;1w;Morkel to Hughes, 1 wide this is a wild one, too far away on the off and the movement takes it almost to the first slip;
1.2;?;Morkel to Hughes, no run this is fuller from Morkel and just outside off, Hughes comes forward and defends;
1.1;4;Morkel to Hughes, FOUR runs just marginally short of length and Hughes shuffles across and whips it off his hips through backward square leg..;
0.6;?;Steyn to Finch, no run stays in the crease and defends the back of length delivery solidly to off;
0.5;?;Steyn to Finch, no run he waits on the back foot and defends this length delivery to the off side. Not much bounce there;
0.4;1;Steyn to Hughes, 1 run floats this one further up but just a little too straight, easily clipped it to fine leg off the pads;
0.3;?;Steyn to Hughes, no run no room given as this swings in from outside off, Hughes defends it down the pitch;
0.2;?;Steyn to Hughes, no run corrects the radar and fires it in the middle stump line, the batsman defends it to the leg side;
0.2;1w;Steyn to Hughes, 1 wide zips this one in but it swings down the leg side;
0.1;1;Steyn to Finch, 1 run gentle outswing outside off, the batsman pushes it to wide mid-off to get off the mark;

Aaron Finch takes strike against the bearded Steyn..
9.29 am Righto, the South African come together for a huddle and I am not sure what was said but they disperse right away. That has to be one of the shortest team huddles ever.. Maybe the Guinness Book needs a new entry.. (Hamza, a feedbacker, wants an entry for himself - for 100k unsuccessful attempts to get a comment through our comms)
9.15 am Few umbrellas are out in Harare, but they are to keep the sun away.. It's bright and sunny as always in Harare. AB de Villiers thinks the new pitch being used for this match might help the seamers early on and hence the decision to bowl. It's nice and nippy in the mornings anyway. The pitch is new but doesn't look fresh, says Shaun Pollock in his pitch report.
9.00 am South Africa have won the toss and they will bowl. "We like to bowl first," quips AB de Villiers. They have made one change to the side - Tahir comes in for Rilee Rossouw - which means both Duminy and Morkel are playing.. Australia have also made one change - James Faulkner replaces the injured Kane Richardson.
"Australia have lost all 5 tosses in this game and have been forced to bat first on all occasions," observes Brian.
"I have more than a feeling that Phillip Hughes will set the world on fire today with a big hundred and a man of the match performance," proclaims Jeremy. "He's been in red hot form throughout this series which has unfortunately been overshadowed by Mitch Marsh in the last game; everyone forgets that without Hughes to set the game up, Marsh wouldn't have had the opportunity to explode at the end. However, today we will see a big hundred from Hughes, mark my words, and nothing will overshadow it."
8.40 am Hiiii everybody. Welcome to our coverage of the big final in Harare. Australia and South Africa have played each other six times in tournament finals with Aussies holding a 4-2 lead. This is only the third time the two teams are in a final of a tournament.. You may wonder why I am writing like Dr. Nick Riviera, but I can explain. The two teams saw each other in the finals of the tri-series in Australia in 1994 and '98. And we know those are best of three finals.. Voila!!
This was an expected arrangement and it's not really clear which team holds the upper hand. They traded blows in the league stage - ABdV and Faf acing a 300-plus chase before Mitch Marsh blew away SA in the next game. So I am not sure where to put my money. For SA, there are injury concerns too.. JP Duminy and Morne Morkel are waiting for the result of the fitness test. We are still some time away from the start which gives us just enough time to catch up on the match preview.
"I've got a feeling.... that today's going to be AB's day!"---- Stiaan, how often do you get that feeling? For most, it's more than a feeling.
"Australia will reclaim the No. 1 position in ODI's if they win today," Daniel Alexander points out.
 Innings Start
Rohit Verma: "The most appropriate comment at this moment is "What the hell was that from AB??"" Ah well, the title is South Africa's.
Faf may have missed out on the hundred and hitting the winning runs but his ODI career wasn't exactly sensational before this. This series has been sensational for him. The world Cup may be six months away but South Africa's top six seems to be sorted out already.
AB de Villiers getting some serious flak from readers.
India hang on to their No. 1 spot by a fraction of a point.
Shahid: "ABD is like the HULK. He has no control over himself. This is exactly why he sent Parnell ahead of him, to avoid such a situation. "
Sumedha: "I remember similar performance to Du Plessis from Aravinda De Silva in Singer World Series, 1996."
Kamal: "The only possible explanation for AB's sixes could be that Faf may have done something similar when they we were playing together in a backyard cricket couple of decades back. Revenge is best served when it's old!!!"
Presentation ceremony:
George Bailey: "We were 70-80 short, but we were outplayed. It was challenging to bat at the start, once again, credit to South Africa, their spinners were tight, their top four almost all got starts. It really good to see Phil Hughes do really well, and other youngsters as well."
Man of the Match is Dale Steyn: "Been looking for some wickets, getting it in the final is always good. Trying to always take wickets. Think I found my length today, I have been searching for that in the last 4-5 games."
Man of the Series is Faf du Plessis: "I've been given an opportunity to make no .3 spot mine, luckily I have been able to score some runs. I've been hitting the ball well, definitely it is a position where I get the time to set up my innings. I'm getting used to the role now, I'm beginning to enjoy it. The second hundred against Australia which we lost was the one I thought I was hitting the ball best."
AB de Villiers: "We had to work really hard, we have played for a month now here, we have developed the skill to swing it both ways. Lots of credit to Faf, we could build our innings around him. I really wanted to be there at the end, we wanted to extend it and taking it nice and deep (that's why we sent in Parnell). The fact that we are starting to win games under pressure shows we are on the right track, but there is definitely room for improvement. We will try to get things 100% for the big tournament."
South Africa are handed their trophy, it is immediately given over to Faf, the star of the series.
Deep: "I don't know why people are getting upset at AB de Villiers. This is international cricket I'm sure Faf Du Plessis didn't mind. Beside the wrong no ball given was what really creates the pressure." Doubt that is going to be the majority view, Deep.
Mark: "South Africa look frighteningly good right now. India look pretty useful too in this format. England and Australia look a pretty good match for each other in ODIs."
DBVFan: "Faf took 51 balls to move from 53 to 96 at a strike rate of 84. Agreed there was no urgency. I think ABD got frustrated with how much time elapsed since Faf hit a boundary or shown serious intent. Nothing wrong with what ABD did. Faf shuld learn to be less selfish in the future."
In any case, South Africa are champions. Take a look at Firdose Moonda's match report, we'll have plenty more from Liam Brickhill as well. Thanks everyone for joining in. See you again soon.
40.5;4;Johnson to de Villiers, FOUR runs AB finishes it off next ball, a full ball is thumped through cover for four, AB and JP hug in the middle, they have outclassed Australia today;
40.4;W;Johnson to du Plessis, OUT no century for Faf, he was losing his composure here as he needed a big shot to get his 100, he has lost his wicket now, a full toss is thrashed towards mid-on, hit high on the bat,else that was a four, end of a memorable series for Faf;Faf du Plessis c Faulkner b Johnson 96 (172m 99b 8x4 1x6) SR: 96.96;
40.3;?;Johnson to du Plessis, no run Faf smiles after he can't connect properly with a totally wild slog, the ball rolls to the keeper;
40.3;1nb;Johnson to du Plessis, (no ball) is that a wide? is that a no-ball? the umpires confer after a high wide full toss outside, they decide it is a no-ball for height, don't think it should have been, scores level;
40.2;?;Johnson to du Plessis, no run full ball is driven towards long-off, the single is declined;
40.1;4;Johnson to du Plessis, FOUR runs four for Faf, he thrashes this over over mid-on for four, a flat-batted swat, he's on 96 now;
39.6;?;Faulkner to de Villiers, no run cutting in towards middle and leg, inside-edged onto the pads, a dot ball, and Faf will be on strike;
39.5;4;Faulkner to de Villiers, FOUR runs makes room and chops that through the covers for four more, fifty for AB;
39.4;6;Faulkner to de Villiers, SIX runs what century for Faf? back to back sixes for AB, he thumps this one over long-off for another huge hit, stylish and authoritative;
39.3;6;Faulkner to de Villiers, SIX runs length ball is clobbered into the crowd, that was pure disdain, skates down the track and smashes that over midwicket;
39.2;?;Faulkner to de Villiers, no run outside off, guided towards backward point;
39.1;1;Faulkner to du Plessis, 1 run full back is tucked towards midwicket;
38.6;?;Johnson to de Villiers, no run full and outside off, bottom edge as AB looks to drive through covers;
38.5;1;Johnson to du Plessis, 1 run full ball on the stumps, tucked towards midwicket, all too easy this;
38.4;?;Johnson to du Plessis, no run;
38.3;1;Johnson to de Villiers, 1 run oh, that was comical, AB was dancing down the track, Johnson spots that and fires it full and wide, AB had to lunge across to reach it, gets it over cover;
38.2;?;Johnson to de Villiers, no run short of length ball angling in towards off stump, defended towards point;
38.1;1b;Johnson to du Plessis, 1 bye slower one outside off, looked to guide it to third man but misses, the keeper fumbles as well;
37.6;?;Faulkner to de Villiers, no run pitched up and outside off, driven towards short extra cover;
37.5;2;Faulkner to de Villiers, 2 runs pitched up and that is worked towards deep midwicket for two;
37.4;1;Faulkner to du Plessis, 1 run extra bounce from that slower one one from Faulkner, that is a good variation to have, defended towards midwicket;
37.3;?;Faulkner to du Plessis, no run slower one from over the wicket, back of the hand ball cuts in after pitching, even Faf in this form can't play that one properly;
37.2;1;Faulkner to de Villiers, 1 run short of length ball on off stump, eased towards long-off for an ambled single, South Africa ambling to the title here;
37.1;1;Faulkner to du Plessis, 1 run full ball is driven towards long-off for a single;
36.6;1;Johnson to du Plessis, 1 run pitched up, played uppishly towards deep point, bottom hand comes off the bat as he plays that;
36.5;?;Johnson to du Plessis, no run short and wide from round the wicket, slapped towards point, hit low on the bat as he played that one;
36.4;2;Johnson to du Plessis, 2 runs on the pads, du Plessis clips the ball towards deep midwicket, charges back for the second;
36.3;?;Johnson to du Plessis, no run short of length ball outside off, guided towards backward point;
36.2;1;Johnson to de Villiers, 1 run short of length ball on the pads, tucked behind the square leg;
36.1;1;Johnson to du Plessis, 1 run full ball is driven towards mid-off for a single;
35.6;1;Lyon to du Plessis, 1 run tossed up on the stumps, Faf flicks it fine to pick up a single;
35.5;1;Lyon to de Villiers, 1 run steps out and punches the flatter delivery to long on;
35.4;4;Lyon to de Villiers, FOUR runs floats this one up but gives away a lot of width there, AB drills it through cover with a powerful drive. There is no one behind the cover fielders.. that trickles to the boundary;
35.3;1;Lyon to du Plessis, 1 run goes down on the knee early and paddles the fuller delivery to fine leg;
35.2;?;Lyon to du Plessis, no run tossed up on off, the batsman comes forward and defends;
35.1;?;Lyon to du Plessis, no run tossed up outside off, wristily flicked to midwicket;
34.6;?;Faulkner to de Villiers, no run looks to come out of the crease but gets cramped for room, defends the length delivery to midwicket;
34.5;1;Faulkner to du Plessis, 1 run this is a slower delivery on off and Faf takes it on the full to drill it down to long off;
34.4;1;Faulkner to de Villiers, 1 run fires in a yorker that is punched to the left of mid-on, the batsman scampers through for a quick one;
34.3;4;Faulkner to de Villiers, FOUR runs he comes down the pitch and slaps this length delivery through midwicket with disdain. No one really moves;
34.2;?;Faulkner to de Villiers, no run superb delivery! This comes in with the angle and leaves the batsman at the last moment.. beating the outside edge again;
34.1;?;Faulkner to de Villiers, no run fires it full outside off and beats the bat as AB looks to guide it to third man;
33.6;?;Lyon to du Plessis, no run flatter and quicker on off, the batsman defends it to the leg side;
33.5;1;Lyon to de Villiers, 1 run he gets a bit of inside edge down to fine leg while he was actually looking to defend;
33.4;?;Lyon to de Villiers, no run tossed up delivery on the stumps, AB calmly defends it to the leg side;
33.3;?;Lyon to de Villiers, no run he comes down the pitch and defends this to midwicket;
33.2;?;Lyon to de Villiers, no run he looks to reverse sweep this but misses, loud appeal for lbw but this miles outside off stump;
33.1;1;Lyon to du Plessis, 1 run tossed up delivery on the stumps, the batsman works it away through midwicket for a single;
32.6;1;Faulkner to du Plessis, 1 run fuller delivery on the stumps, the batsman digs it out to midwicket for a single;
32.5;1;Faulkner to de Villiers, 1 run bowls the slower bouncer! the batsman stays in the crease and slaps it down to fine leg for a single;
32.4;1;Faulkner to du Plessis, 1 run it't the slower ball again, turns in like a chinaman, the batsman clips it down to fine leg for a single;
32.3;?;Faulkner to du Plessis, no run fires in a good yorker on the base of the middle stump, the batsman digs it out to midwicket;
32.2;1;Faulkner to de Villiers, 1 run back of length delivery on the stumps, the batsman nudges it calmly to the leg side for a single;
32.1;1;Faulkner to du Plessis, 1 run he delivers the back-of-the-hand slower ball, the batsman dabs it towards point for a single;
31.6;?;Lyon to de Villiers, no run flatter on the stumps, the batsman looks to work it away to the leg side, but finds the man at midwicket;
31.5;1;Lyon to du Plessis, 1 run goes down on the knee early and paddles it fine for a single;
31.4;?;Lyon to du Plessis, no run he looks to flick it through the leg side but cannot beat backward square leg;
31.3;?;Lyon to du Plessis, no run now wants to paddle this fine, but it's too fine.. Haddin's left leg prevents it from running away;
31.2;1;Lyon to de Villiers, 1 run looks to reverse sweep it but this is too full, he plays it softly towards first slip, who allows it to run through him;
31.1;?;Lyon to de Villiers, no run loud appeal for lbw as the batsman gets hit on the pads, but that was outside the line of off;
30.6;?;Johnson to du Plessis, no run back of length delivery on the stumps, punched to midwicket;
30.5;1;Johnson to du Plessis, 1 run short delivery, the batsman pulls it down fine with a roll of wrists for a couple. The umpire, though, signals a short run;
30.4;4;Johnson to du Plessis, FOUR runs more runs! This is beautifully punched past mid-off as an attempted yorker becomes a half-volley.. driven firmly down the ground;
30.3;1;Johnson to de Villiers, 1 run length delivery on off, the batsman pushes it to cover and calls for a quick single;
30.2;4;Johnson to de Villiers, FOUR runs classy! He shuffles across and cuts the shorter delivery just in the right place, past backward point.. He did not hit it hard, just showed it the way and that runs away to the boundary;
30.1;1;Johnson to du Plessis, 1 run targets the head with a bumper that is pulled down to deep square leg comfortably, Faf rolling his wrists on it as he swivels;
29.6;4;Starc to de Villiers, FOUR runs he charges down the pitch and hammers the length delivery over wide mid-on for a boundary;
29.5;1;Starc to du Plessis, 1 run fuller delivery outside off, Faf drives it to deep cover;
29.4;2;Starc to du Plessis, 2 runs another attempted yorker outside off but Faf squeezes it out past backward point for a quick couple;
29.3;1;Starc to de Villiers, 1 run full and outside off, gives the batsman enough space to nudge it down to third man;
29.2;1;Starc to du Plessis, 1 run aims for the yorker that Faf digs out towards mid-on for a quick single;
29.1;?;Starc to du Plessis, no run he comes round the wicket and pounds it on short of length, the batsman defends it to cover easily;
28.6;1;Johnson to du Plessis, 1 run he squeezes it off the back foot past the diving cover fielder to keep the strike;
28.5;?;Johnson to du Plessis, no run targets the stumps with a fuller length, the batsman defends it to midwicket;
28.4;1;Johnson to de Villiers, 1 run the batsman waits in the crease and steers the length delivery down to third man;
28.3;2;Johnson to de Villiers, 2 runs he shuffles across the stumps and flicks this length delivery fine on the leg side, and he is quick between the wickets, comes back for the second;
28.2;1;Johnson to du Plessis, 1 run he bowls a sharp bouncer, Faf confidently pulls it down to deep square leg;
28.1;1;Johnson to de Villiers, 1 run length delivery outside off, AB dabs it behind point calmly for a single;
27.6;?;Smith to du Plessis, no run tossed up outside off, Faf was planning to play the lap sweep, but changes it at the last moment to block it to off;
27.5;1;Smith to de Villiers, 1 run he opens the stance and flat bats it to deep square leg, playing against the turn;
27.4;3;Smith to du Plessis, 3 runs top edge over the keeper's head! "catch it," says Haddin, but it's too far from the slip fielder running backwards. Faf was shaping to play the paddle there;
27.3;1;Smith to de Villiers, 1 run waits for the ball to turn away, then punches it to deep cover;
27.2;1;Smith to du Plessis, 1 run he keeps his bat horizontal and paddles it down to fine leg in a premeditated manner;
27.1;1;Smith to de Villiers, 1 run tosses it up and spins it further away, AB cuts it to deep point;
26.6;1;Faulkner to de Villiers, 1 run brings this one back and it hits the batsman's pad, they take a leg bye as it rolls off the pads to the leg side;
26.5;?;Faulkner to de Villiers, no run angled it across the batsman and beats AB as he flashes the bat at that, stays a touch low too;
26.4;W;Faulkner to Parnell, OUT here it comes! After eating 24 balls, Parnell chops one on to his stumps. This darted in off the pitch and Parnell was stuck in the crease, brings his bat down a little late and doesn't cover the line.;Wayne Parnell b Faulkner 6 (23m 24b 1x4 0x6) SR: 25;
26.3;1;Faulkner to du Plessis, 1 run he comes forward and punches the length delivery to midwicket. Bailey throws down the stumps at the non-striker's end and the batsmen take a single off the richochet;
26.2;?;Faulkner to du Plessis, no run back of length delivery on off, the batsman pushes it to point;
26.1;4;Faulkner to du Plessis, FOUR runs he comes to strike after a while and gets a boundary! That runs off the outside edge past the keeper.. He was aiming to glide it down to third man but gets bonus runs instead;
25.6;?;Lyon to Parnell, no run lots of flight on this one, Parnell remains stuck, can only punch it back to the bowler;
25.5;?;Lyon to Parnell, no run fuller this time on the stumps, the batsman punches it back down the pitch;
25.4;?;Lyon to Parnell, no run flighted delivery again, the batsman comes forward and defends;
25.3;4;Lyon to Parnell, FOUR runs finally gets some solid bat behind the ball, charges down the pitch and whacks it over mid-off for a one-bounce four;
25.2;?;Lyon to Parnell, no run tossed up delivery on the stumps, the batsman defends it again;
25.1;?;Lyon to Parnell, no run tossed up on the stumps, the batsman defends solidly;
24.6;?;Faulkner to du Plessis, no run length delivery, the batsman punches it back down the pitch;
24.5;1;Faulkner to Parnell, 1 run fuller delivery outside off, Parnell gets off strike with a punch to wide mid off;
24.4;?;Faulkner to Parnell, no run another shout of lbw.. third in a row, but there is a bit of inside edge this time;
24.3;?;Faulkner to Parnell, no run this is another good shout! The batsman was looking to punch it across the line and gets hit in front of the stumps.. where is it heading? Probably missing leg. Tell you what, this was very close;
24.2;?;Faulkner to Parnell, no run loud appeal for lbw as the batsman doesn't offer a shot! Just hit outside the line of off. .The batsmen run a couple.. Umpire gives it leg byes.. but the batsman wasn't offering a shot there.. That was a decent shout actually.. it was heading towards the stumps;
24.1;1;Faulkner to du Plessis, 1 run slower delivery on off stump, Faf gives Parnell the strike with a dab to third man;
23.6;?;Lyon to Parnell, no run tossed up outside off, spins away, Parnell leaves it alone;
23.5;?;Lyon to Parnell, no run he looks to flick this full delivery away to the leg side but gets a leading edge to cover;
23.4;?;Lyon to Parnell, no run he gets an outside edge towards point as he looks to defend off the front foot;
23.3;?;Lyon to Parnell, no run turn and bounce! This one zips past the outside edge as the batsman goes fishing;
23.2;?;Lyon to Parnell, no run lots of flight here, the batsman punches it firmly to short cover;
23.1;?;Lyon to Parnell, no run he tosses it up on the stumps, Parnell is drawn in to a drive, pushes it to cover;
22.6;1;Marsh to Parnell, 1 run short of length delivery on the stumps, slightly slower, allows the batsman to work it away to deep midwicket;
22.6;1w;Marsh to Parnell, 1 wide now the bumper, it sails over the batsman's head;
22.5;?;Marsh to Parnell, no run bowls the cutter around off stump, the batsman can only fend it towards midwicket;
22.4;?;Marsh to Parnell, no run bowls the cutter that is defended down the pitch;
22.3;?;Marsh to Parnell, no run he stays back to the back of length delivery, defends it to off;
22.2;?;Marsh to Parnell, no run back of length delivery on off, the batsman stays on the back foot and defends it to off;
22.1;1;Marsh to du Plessis, 1 run fuller delivery, the batsman punches it down to long off for a single;
21.6;?;Smith to Parnell, no run he can bowl a googly too! Not much turn and Parnell defends it to off;
21.5;?;Smith to Parnell, no run tossed up, Parnell watches it carefully, but this one doesn't spin at all, the batsman leaves it alone;
21.4;W;Smith to Amla, OUT whoa!! What have you done Amla! It's a long hop wide outside off, short and spinning away, and all Amla can do is slap it straight to the hands of cover..Big big break for Australia;Hashim Amla c Bailey b Smith 51 (95m 75b 2x4 0x6) SR: 68;
21.3;?;Smith to Amla, no run massive spin! Amla was pushing at the leg break but this turns almost 90 degrees..;
21.2;1;Smith to du Plessis, 1 run gets some drift as he tosses it up, Faf calmly nudges it to midwicket for a single;
21.1;1;Smith to Amla, 1 run tossed up on off stump but Amla closes the face to push it to wide long on;
20.6;1;Marsh to Amla, 1 run he hops in the crease and and whips it away behind square on the leg side to bring up his half-century. His 25th in ODIs;
20.5;1;Marsh to du Plessis, 1 run it's not really short but the batsman drags it along to deep midwicket with a cross-batted swipe;
20.4;?;Marsh to du Plessis, no run no room there, the batsman defends it to the leg side;
20.3;1;Marsh to Amla, 1 run he flicks this through square leg for a single;
20.2;?;Marsh to Amla, no run he leans forward and punches it back to the bowler;
20.1;?;Marsh to Amla, no run full and straight, Amla comes forward to defend;
19.6;4;Lyon to du Plessis, FOUR runs more spin for Lyon, the ball turns past the stumps, helped past leg slip, 50 comes up once more for Faf;
19.5;4;Lyon to du Plessis, FOUR runs more flight, this was full from Lyon, Faf swats that away towards midwicket, powerfully struck for four, Lyon has a rueful grin after that;
19.4;1;Lyon to Amla, 1 run Amla skips down the track, whips the ball off his pads towards midwicket;
19.3;?;Lyon to Amla, no run length ball, bit of flight there, solid forward defensive, not seen too many of that this innings;
19.2;1;Lyon to du Plessis, 1 run worked towards long-on for one more;
19.1;1;Lyon to Amla, 1 run full ball on the pads, tucked in front of square leg for a single;
18.6;2;Starc to du Plessis, 2 runs worked towards deep midwicket for a cuple;
18.5;1;Starc to Amla, 1 run full ball angling in from round the wicket, another edge as Amla looks to drive, the ball hums towards third man;
18.4;2;Starc to Amla, 2 runs there aren't likely to be in play if the ball is this short and wide, eased towards backward point;
18.3;1;Starc to du Plessis, 1 run short of length and outside off, all too easy for South Africa, Faf taps this towards cover point to move to 40;
18.2;?;Starc to du Plessis, no run full slower one on middle stump, eased towards mid-on;
18.1;1;Starc to Amla, 1 run short of length ball outside off as Mitchell Starc starts a new spell, pushed towards third man;
17.6;1;Lyon to Amla, 1 run turning down the leg side, no trouble for Amla as he guides that towards fine leg;
17.5;1;Lyon to du Plessis, 1 run driven towards long-on for one more;
17.4;1;Lyon to Amla, 1 run Amla walks across the stumps, then guides the spinning ball towards fine leg;
17.3;1;Lyon to du Plessis, 1 run full ball is driven towards long-on for a single;
17.2;?;Lyon to du Plessis, no run length ball on the pads, blocked to the leg side once more;
17.1;?;Lyon to du Plessis, no run defended to the leg side;
16.6;?;Johnson to Amla, no run well outside off, slower one, Amla allows it through to the keeper;
16.5;?;Johnson to Amla, no run short ball, quick short ball from Johnson, Amla spots it, arches his back as he gets safely under that one;
16.4;?;Johnson to Amla, no run shortish ball on leg stump, defended to the leg side by Amla, who stands tall as he keeps that one out;
16.3;1;Johnson to du Plessis, 1 run;
16.2;2;Johnson to du Plessis, 2 runs dropped, but that is a tough chance for Finch, a length ball is launched over long-off, hit low on the bat and that goes high and not long enough, Finch has to sprint to get under that one, and it lands a yard beyond him;
16.1;?;Johnson to du Plessis, no run the batsmen living dangerously here, this delivery was well of the stumps, Faf plays it away from his body, nearly nicks it as the ball flies through to the keeper;
15.6;1;Lyon to Amla, 1 run another edge, this one was the closest to a wicket, Amla was going to thrash that through the cover, bottom edge sends the ball past the stumps and the keeper, Lyon can't believe his luck;
15.5;?;Lyon to Amla, no run on the pads once more, Amla charges out once more, tucks this to square leg;
15.4;?;Lyon to Amla, no run more spin for Lyon, Amla looks to defend off the front foot, thick inside edge to the leg side;
15.3;1;Lyon to du Plessis, 1 run goes for the scoop once more, not off the middle of the bat, the ball lobs up but lands safely near short fine leg;
15.2;1;Lyon to Amla, 1 run length ball is eased towards midwicket for a single;
15.1;?;Lyon to Amla, no run full and on the pads, clipped to square leg;
14.6;?;Johnson to du Plessis, no run short of a length ball and just outside off, stabbed towards backward point, straight at Maxwell;
14.5;4;Johnson to du Plessis, FOUR runs flings this down the leg side, easy for Faf to guide this along to fine leg for four;
14.4;1;Johnson to Amla, 1 run fired in towards the pads from round the wicket, eased towards midwicket for a single;
14.3;1;Johnson to du Plessis, 1 run length ball is driven towards cover for a single;
14.2;1;Johnson to Amla, 1 run short of a length, just outside off, Amla gets off his feet to get on top of the bounce, expertly controlled as he sends the ball towards third man;
14.1;1;Johnson to du Plessis, 1 run his first ball is punched towards cover for a single;
13.6;?;Lyon to Amla, no run not the most elegant of strokes, Amla doesn't time it too well either as he slaps the ball towards mid-off;
13.5;2;Lyon to Amla, 2 runs flicked uppishly past Bailey at square leg;
13.4;1;Lyon to du Plessis, 1 run tucked towards midwicket, plenty of spin here for Lyon;
13.3;?;Lyon to du Plessis, no run ooh, for a change not off the middle of the bat from Faf, he was charging down the track and looking to whack that over mid-on, the ball turns plenty and nearly sneaked past, an edge, low on the bat says Faf;
13.2;1;Lyon to Amla, 1 run comes down the pitch this time and wristily works it towards square leg;
13.1;?;Lyon to Amla, no run spinning in from round the wicket, Amla stays back as he defends;
12.6;?;Faulkner to du Plessis, no run short of length ball heading towards middle and leg, defended towards point;
12.5;1;Faulkner to Amla, 1 run full ball is helped towards short fine leg for a single;
12.4;?;Faulkner to Amla, no run full ball is defends towards cover;
12.3;1;Faulkner to du Plessis, 1 run off the leading edge as Faf is squared up, the ball dribbles towards cover for a single;
12.2;?;Faulkner to du Plessis, no run slower one and that is defended towards midwicket;
12.1;6;Faulkner to du Plessis, SIX runs Faf does what he has been doing all series, whacking the ball where he pleases, he skips down the pitch to get near the ball and effortlessly sends that soaring to the wide long-on boundary, 50 stand comes up, just missed the cameraman there by a yard;
11.6;1;Lyon to du Plessis, 1 run Faf gets on one knee and scoops this one towards short fine leg;
11.5;1;Lyon to Amla, 1 run fuller and on the pads, easy to deflect that towards square leg for a single;
11.4;?;Lyon to Amla, no run once more Amla takes a few strides down the track, tucks this towards mid-on, a diving stop from the bowler Lyon;
11.3;2;Lyon to Amla, 2 runs length ball on the stumps, Amla is quickly out of the crease and whips it flamboyantly towards midwicket, good running there;
11.2;?;Lyon to Amla, no run tossed this one outside off, bit of air as well, punched towards extra cover;
11.1;?;Lyon to Amla, no run length ball from Lyon,round the wicket, turns in towards the pads, defended;
10.6;1;Faulkner to Amla, 1 run drops the ball towards backward point, another quick single, less risky than the previous one;
10.5;1;Faulkner to du Plessis, 1 run run-out? short of length ball outside off, Faf defends it towards cover point, another tight single attempted, direct hit from Maxwell, is Amla gone this time? Australia think so, but he has made it in, just in, Maxwell had to move a few yards to his left to collect the ball, provided the time for Amla to get in;
10.4;1;Faulkner to Amla, 1 run on the pads, tucked behind square leg for another single;
10.3;?;Faulkner to Amla, no run length ball from Faulkner, pushed back towards the bowler;
10.2;1;Faulkner to du Plessis, 1 run length ball on middle and off, driven towards long-off for a single, South Africa having it too easy here, Australia need some Johnson magic;
10.1;1;Faulkner to Amla, 1 run full and on the pads, tucked towards midwicket, played it in the air;
9.6;1;Marsh to Amla, 1 run full and on the pads, clipped down towards fine leg;
9.5;?;Marsh to Amla, no run length ball is crisply driven towards mid-off by Amla;
9.4;?;Marsh to Amla, no run big lbw shout but that was definitely too high and possibly heading down the leg side, Amla was looking to work this length ball towards square leg, hit high on the pad, the ball rolls towards point;
9.3;?;Marsh to Amla, no run a touch shorter, keeps it tight around off stump, Amla blocks this to the off side;
9.2;?;Marsh to Amla, no run length ball heading for off stump, blocked back down the track;
9.1;?;Marsh to Amla, no run balls stays a touch lower than Amla expects, he has to adjust late, the ball was moving away a bit as well, Amla opens the face as he defends towards cover;
8.6;?;Starc to du Plessis, no run full and on the stump, defended to the off side;
8.5;1;Starc to Amla, 1 run tapped towards square leg this time;
8.4;4;Starc to Amla, FOUR runs top cricket this, short ball at the body, superbly directed, Amla arched his back seemingly wanting to get out of the way initially, but he has the time to just dab this one towards third man for four, a diving Marsh can't cut it off;
8.3;?;Starc to Amla, no run middles it this time, a pitched-up delivery is crisply struck towards cover, but straight at cover;
8.2;?;Starc to Amla, no run Amla surprised as the ball cuts away from Starc, Amla ends up playing inside the line as he looks to drive through off;
8.1;1;Starc to du Plessis, 1 run steers this one towards third man for an ambled single;
7.6;1;Marsh to du Plessis, 1 run tuck towards midwicket for one more, 11 off the over, too many leg-side deliveries from Marsh there;
7.5;1;Marsh to Amla, 1 run pitched up and on the pads, nudged towards deep midwicket;
7.4;2;Marsh to Amla, 2 runs full and on the pads, clipped towards deep square-leg for two more, South Africa scoring plenty;
7.3;3;Marsh to du Plessis, 3 runs this time it is fuller, but still Faf gets three as he launches this over the off side, skips down the track and sends it over cover, can't time it properly so the fielder can drag it back as it nears the rope;
7.2;4;Marsh to du Plessis, FOUR runs Marsh drops it short, he doesn't have the pace to drop it short, especially against Faf in this form, Faf swats this to the square-leg boundary;
7.1;?;Marsh to du Plessis, no run full ball outside off, defended solidly to the off side;
6.6;1;Starc to du Plessis, 1 run full and on middle stump, dug out towards mid-on, that was a very tight single, 'yes, yes, yes' Faf called after playing the shot, Amla responded immediately, else he would have been caught short by that direct hit, they ponder taking an overthrow but there isn't time;
6.5;?;Starc to du Plessis, no run defends this one to the off side;
6.5;1w;Starc to du Plessis, 1 wide fires this down the leg side, he will have to re-bowl this one;
6.4;?;Starc to du Plessis, no run driven towards cover by Faf, he can't place it in the gap though;
6.3;?;Starc to du Plessis, no run defended towards the off side by Faf;
6.2;3;Starc to Amla, 3 runs full and a touch of width, Amla pounces on that one, lashing it through cover, but the timing is not there, the ball slows down near the rope and the batsmen take three;
6.1;?;Starc to Amla, no run Mitch Starc takes over from Mitch Johnson, his first ball is defended down the track;
5.6;4;Marsh to du Plessis, FOUR runs what a hit from Faf, makes a touch of room and punches that back of a length ball through cover for four, played that on the up, well wide of the fielder;
5.5;?;Marsh to du Plessis, no run defended down the track by Faf;
5.4;1;Marsh to Amla, 1 run Marsh gets the outside edge, Amla not in control as he looksto push down the ground, the ball stays low though and goes past backward point;
5.3;?;Marsh to Amla, no run on a length and heading for off stump, defended down the track;
5.2;?;Marsh to Amla, no run outside off from Mitchell Marsh, Amla happy to leave;
5.1;2;Marsh to Amla, 2 runs width on offer, Amla slashes the ball towards cover, Smith dives but he can't make a clean stop;
4.6;?;Johnson to du Plessis, no run full and outside off, Faf watches it through to the keeper;
4.5;?;Johnson to du Plessis, no run pitched up and that is driven towards mid-off, Johnson has his hands on his head as though he was expecting a wicket there, but Faf pretty much middled it;
4.4;1;Johnson to Amla, 1 run short of length ball, Amla jumps to get on top of the bounce of that one, guides the ball towards third man, nicely done by Amla there;
4.3;?;Johnson to Amla, no run mistimed drive back towards the bowler;
4.2;?;Johnson to Amla, no run left alone outside off;
4.1;1;Johnson to du Plessis, 1 run thick outside edge there, Australia need this wicket early, bounces short and wide of a diving Steve Smith in the cordon;
3.6;1;Maxwell to du Plessis, 1 run eased towards long-on for a single;
3.5;?;Maxwell to du Plessis, no run outside off and that is left alone;
3.4;?;Maxwell to du Plessis, no run the man in form, Faf du Plessis, drives this back towards the bowler;
3.3;3;Maxwell to Amla, 3 runs full ball outside off, Amla is his usual elegant self, pushes that past cover for three;
3.2;W;Maxwell to de Kock, OUT he would have loved to found the gap this time, Quinton de Kock has fallen early once more, he skips over near the pitch of the ball and looks to clobber the ball over the leg side, a leading edge sends the ball looping towards Bailey at cover, Maxwell gets de Kock again;Quinton de Kock c Bailey b Maxwell 7 (12m 7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
3.1;?;Maxwell to de Kock, no run full toss is eased towards cover, should have found the gap there;
2.6;?;Johnson to Amla, no run looks to pull one that is not short enough, it grazes the thigh pad before rolling to the second slip fielder;
2.5;?;Johnson to Amla, no run he walks way over to the off side and drives the fuller delivery with a lot of timing, finds the man at cover.. He exposed all three stumps there..;
2.4;?;Johnson to Amla, no run he comes forward and punches the length delivery down to mid-off;
2.3;?;Johnson to Amla, no run pushes this one wide outside off, it's just inside the marker. The umpire gives it a good look but decides against calling it a wide;
2.2;?;Johnson to Amla, no run not much feet movement, but Amla drives it with a lot of timing, straight to the fielder at mid-off though;
2.1;2;Johnson to Amla, 2 runs he stands tall and punches this length delivery through wide mid-off for a couple of runs, it looks just like a defensive push, but it is aimed at the gap;
1.6;?;Maxwell to de Kock, no run lots of air on off stump, the batsman pushes it to cover;
1.5;1;Maxwell to Amla, 1 run quicker delivery on the stumps, Amla nudges it past midwicket for a single;
1.4;1;Maxwell to de Kock, 1 run fuller on the stumps, he comes forward and eases it down to long off;
1.3;4;Maxwell to de Kock, FOUR runs outside edge! QdK is lured into a booming drive but gets a thick outside edge wide of the lone slip, it runs down to the boundary;
1.2;2;Maxwell to de Kock, 2 runs much slower but wider outside off, the batsman comes forward and punches it through point for a couple of runs;
1.1;?;Maxwell to de Kock, no run pushed through on off stump, the batsman defends it down the pitch;
0.6;?;Johnson to Amla, no run looks to drive it through cover, but doesn't get much timing, pushes it to mid-off;
0.5;4;Johnson to Amla, FOUR runs this is beautifully punched down the ground for a boundary! Johnson is serving them full and rightly so, but Amla brings his bat down in time and punches it straight past the non-striker;
0.4;?;Johnson to Amla, no run looks to punch this fuller delivery through off without getting his feet forward, ends up inside edging it to mid-on;
0.3;?;Johnson to Amla, no run targets the body with a short one, Amla sways away from the line;
0.2;?;Johnson to Amla, no run quicker delivery outside off, the batsman allows it to go through.. That had some zip in it;
0.1;?;Johnson to Amla, no run gets some inward shape outside off, the batsman punches it to cover off the front foot;

That was a short break. Boks are leading over the Wallabies 23-14.. Here comes Mitch Johnson
 Innings Start
Australia
South Africa
Final, Harare, Sep 6 2014, Zimbabwe Triangular Series
217/9
221/4
Player of the match is Dale Steyn, SA
South Africa won by 6 wickets (with 55 balls remaining)
