Data
Just in: AB de Villiers has been ruled out of the home ODI and away Test series against Australia with an elbow injury.
1.20pm So Ireland fall just short of 200, and once again fail to bat out the 50 overs. That's the third time in a row that this has happened. Even though they batted better today than they did against South Africa, being 121 for 2 at one stage, they will be disappointed to have been dismissed for 198.
I suppose that's what happens when you lose 3 wickets for 2 runs?
Australia's bowling and fielding seemed a bit rusty at the start and I'm sure that Darren Lehman will not be happy with the 19 wides that came today. Yet whenever there seemed to be an Irish partnership forming, a wicket would come. Ireland just couldn't cope with Zampa's bowing and his 10 overs went for only 37 runs. Taking the big wickets of Porterfield and O'Brien to boot.
We start again in 40 minutes at 2:15pm , so please join me then for the chase!
Jose...P: "Delighted to see my favourite spinner Zampa getting 3 wickets at the best economy rate."
43.5;W;Hastings to Murtagh, OUT the batsmen had crossed whilst the ball was in the air and so Murtagh was on strike. He chips a ball from outside off into Bailey's hands at backward point. Tame end to the innings;Tim Murtagh c Bailey b Hastings 15 (24m 21b 2x4 0x6) SR: 71.42;
43.4;W;Hastings to McCarthy, OUT McCarthy gets a ball in the arc and swings at the ball, it goes high in the air and Bailey gets under the ball at point and takes a comfortable catch;Barry McCarthy c Bailey b Hastings 13 (38m 29b 2x4 0x6) SR: 44.82;
43.3;?;Hastings to McCarthy, no run McCarthy guides the ball towards backward point, can't beat the fielder;
43.2;1;Hastings to Murtagh, 1 run Hasting gets a slip put in for Murtagh and this time its sliced through backward point. Fielded on the boundary at long leg;
43.1;1;Hastings to McCarthy, 1 run it's a ball outside off-stump from Hastings, hits the ball out to the cover sweeper;
42.6;?;Marsh to Murtagh, no run still no foot movement and the ball is hit up to the mid-off fielder again;
42.5;2;Marsh to Murtagh, 2 runs opens the bat-face and hits the ball over the top of the cover fielder. It lands safe and they are still inching towards 200 here;
42.4;?;Marsh to Murtagh, no run Murtagh smashes the ball from the crease again, can't beat the mid-off fielder though;
42.4;1w;Marsh to Murtagh, 1 wide leg-side wide;
42.3;4;Marsh to Murtagh, FOUR runs Australia had just removed the slip and wouldn't you guess? Murtagh gets an outside edge that flies just where slip would be and it goes to the boundary. Smith hold his head in his hands;
42.2;?;Marsh to Murtagh, no run again there is no foot movement from Murtagh and its knocked into the covers again;
42.1;?;Marsh to Murtagh, no run Worrall is still coming around the wicket to Murtagh, Murtagh doesn't move his feet and defends the ball into the off side;
27.6;1;Boland to K O'Brien, 1 run Boland goes short and it looks like it hits O'Brien in the chest and goes down the legside, Poynter calls for the run;
27.5;2;Boland to K O'Brien, 2 runs straighter ball from the bowler, allows O'Brien to clip it through square leg. It's a long chase for the fielder from square leg, so they comfortably get a couple;
27.4;?;Boland to K O'Brien, no run O'Brien gets onto the front foot and defends the ball into the covers;
27.3;?;Boland to K O'Brien, no run gets onto the front foot and drives the ball to mid-off;
27.3;1w;Boland to K O'Brien, 1 wide Boland goes down the legside and it's yet another wide....;
27.2;1;Boland to Poynter, 1 run it's another inswinger and Poynter angles the ball down to long leg;
27.1;1;Boland to K O'Brien, 1 run clips the ball through square leg to rotate the strike;
26.6;4;Worrall to Poynter, FOUR runs Poynter gets onto the front foot and drives the ball through extra cover. Lovely shot from the Irish No. 7. Gets into double figures very quickly;
26.5;4;Worrall to Poynter, FOUR runs short and wide delivery from Worrall. Poynter hits the ball in the air through backward point. This time Hastings can't cut the ball off and it goes all the way to the boundary;
26.4;2;Worrall to Poynter, 2 runs Poynter gets off the mark as he slices the ball down towards Hastings at third man. Hasting makes a tumbling stop and they come back for the second;
26.3;?;Worrall to Poynter, no run it's another full ball from Worrall, Poynter cross-bats the ball into the off-side;
26.2;?;Worrall to Poynter, no run much straigter and Poynter needs to play at this one. Gets onto the front foot and defends the ball back down the pitch;
26.1;?;Worrall to Poynter, no run it's an inswinger from Worrall, Poynter judges the ball well and it goes through to the keeper;
41.6;1;Zampa to Murtagh, 1 run Zampa's last ball gets driven up to long-on to finish what has been some impressive bowling. His figures: 10-1-37-3;
41.5;?;Zampa to Murtagh, no run gives himself some room and looks to cut the ball, lucky not to edge it through to the keeper;
41.4;?;Zampa to Murtagh, no run clips the ball to short midwicket;
41.3;?;Zampa to Murtagh, no run goes back in the crease and the ball keeps low, Murtagh just manages to get the bat down in time;
41.2;1;Zampa to McCarthy, 1 run gets down the pitch and drives the ball through the covers, easy single;
41.1;1;Zampa to Murtagh, 1 run gets on the front foot and hits the ball along the ground to long off;
40.6;1;Worrall to Murtagh, 1 run Murtagh chips the ball in the air, Bailey is at short midwicket and its just out of his reach and lands safe;
40.5;?;Worrall to Murtagh, no run that was close to being a wide! Murtagh had given himself some room again and its a wide yorker from Worrall. Just inside the tram line;
40.4;?;Worrall to Murtagh, no run Murtagh is backing away to every delivery and looks to smash the ball over the off-side this time. Can't get anything on it and it goes through to the keeper;
40.3;4;Worrall to Murtagh, FOUR runs Murtagh had seen enough of that and clears the front leg and hits the ball to the mid-wicket boundary. Think that it surprised everyone there!;
40.2;?;Worrall to Murtagh, no run Worrall angles the ball back into Murtagh, defends the ball into the off side;
40.1;?;Worrall to Murtagh, no run Murtagh goes back in the crease and defends the ball back to the bowler. Worrall is going around the wicket here;
43.5;W;Hastings to Murtagh, OUT the batsmen had crossed whilst the ball was in the air and so Murtagh was on strike. He chips a ball from outside off into Bailey's hands at backward point. Tame end to the innings;Tim Murtagh c Bailey b Hastings 15 (24m 21b 2x4 0x6) SR: 71.42;
43.4;W;Hastings to McCarthy, OUT McCarthy gets a ball in the arc and swings at the ball, it goes high in the air and Bailey gets under the ball at point and takes a comfortable catch;Barry McCarthy c Bailey b Hastings 13 (38m 29b 2x4 0x6) SR: 44.82;
43.3;?;Hastings to McCarthy, no run McCarthy guides the ball towards backward point, can't beat the fielder;
43.2;1;Hastings to Murtagh, 1 run Hasting gets a slip put in for Murtagh and this time its sliced through backward point. Fielded on the boundary at long leg;
43.1;1;Hastings to McCarthy, 1 run it's a ball outside off-stump from Hastings, hits the ball out to the cover sweeper;
42.6;?;Marsh to Murtagh, no run still no foot movement and the ball is hit up to the mid-off fielder again;
42.5;2;Marsh to Murtagh, 2 runs opens the bat-face and hits the ball over the top of the cover fielder. It lands safe and they are still inching towards 200 here;
42.4;?;Marsh to Murtagh, no run Murtagh smashes the ball from the crease again, can't beat the mid-off fielder though;
42.4;1w;Marsh to Murtagh, 1 wide leg-side wide;
42.3;4;Marsh to Murtagh, FOUR runs Australia had just removed the slip and wouldn't you guess? Murtagh gets an outside edge that flies just where slip would be and it goes to the boundary. Smith hold his head in his hands;
42.2;?;Marsh to Murtagh, no run again there is no foot movement from Murtagh and its knocked into the covers again;
42.1;?;Marsh to Murtagh, no run Worrall is still coming around the wicket to Murtagh, Murtagh doesn't move his feet and defends the ball into the off side;
41.6;1;Zampa to Murtagh, 1 run Zampa's last ball gets driven up to long-on to finish what has been some impressive bowling. His figures: 10-1-37-3;
41.5;?;Zampa to Murtagh, no run gives himself some room and looks to cut the ball, lucky not to edge it through to the keeper;
41.4;?;Zampa to Murtagh, no run clips the ball to short midwicket;
41.3;?;Zampa to Murtagh, no run goes back in the crease and the ball keeps low, Murtagh just manages to get the bat down in time;
41.2;1;Zampa to McCarthy, 1 run gets down the pitch and drives the ball through the covers, easy single;
41.1;1;Zampa to Murtagh, 1 run gets on the front foot and hits the ball along the ground to long off;
40.6;1;Worrall to Murtagh, 1 run Murtagh chips the ball in the air, Bailey is at short midwicket and its just out of his reach and lands safe;
40.5;?;Worrall to Murtagh, no run that was close to being a wide! Murtagh had given himself some room again and its a wide yorker from Worrall. Just inside the tram line;
40.4;?;Worrall to Murtagh, no run Murtagh is backing away to every delivery and looks to smash the ball over the off-side this time. Can't get anything on it and it goes through to the keeper;
40.3;4;Worrall to Murtagh, FOUR runs Murtagh had seen enough of that and clears the front leg and hits the ball to the mid-wicket boundary. Think that it surprised everyone there!;
40.2;?;Worrall to Murtagh, no run Worrall angles the ball back into Murtagh, defends the ball into the off side;
40.1;?;Worrall to Murtagh, no run Murtagh goes back in the crease and defends the ball back to the bowler. Worrall is going around the wicket here;
27.6;1;Boland to K O'Brien, 1 run Boland goes short and it looks like it hits O'Brien in the chest and goes down the legside, Poynter calls for the run;
27.5;2;Boland to K O'Brien, 2 runs straighter ball from the bowler, allows O'Brien to clip it through square leg. It's a long chase for the fielder from square leg, so they comfortably get a couple;
27.4;?;Boland to K O'Brien, no run O'Brien gets onto the front foot and defends the ball into the covers;
27.3;?;Boland to K O'Brien, no run gets onto the front foot and drives the ball to mid-off;
27.3;1w;Boland to K O'Brien, 1 wide Boland goes down the legside and it's yet another wide....;
27.2;1;Boland to Poynter, 1 run it's another inswinger and Poynter angles the ball down to long leg;
27.1;1;Boland to K O'Brien, 1 run clips the ball through square leg to rotate the strike;
26.6;4;Worrall to Poynter, FOUR runs Poynter gets onto the front foot and drives the ball through extra cover. Lovely shot from the Irish No. 7. Gets into double figures very quickly;
26.5;4;Worrall to Poynter, FOUR runs short and wide delivery from Worrall. Poynter hits the ball in the air through backward point. This time Hastings can't cut the ball off and it goes all the way to the boundary;
26.4;2;Worrall to Poynter, 2 runs Poynter gets off the mark as he slices the ball down towards Hastings at third man. Hasting makes a tumbling stop and they come back for the second;
26.3;?;Worrall to Poynter, no run it's another full ball from Worrall, Poynter cross-bats the ball into the off-side;
26.2;?;Worrall to Poynter, no run much straigter and Poynter needs to play at this one. Gets onto the front foot and defends the ball back down the pitch;
26.1;?;Worrall to Poynter, no run it's an inswinger from Worrall, Poynter judges the ball well and it goes through to the keeper;
25.6;4;Boland to K O'Brien, FOUR runs lovely shot from O'Brien, Boland angles the ball in and O'Brien pushes the ball hard past the bowler and its goes all the way to the rope;
25.5;?;Boland to K O'Brien, no run touch shorter and O'Brien gets up on his toes and plays the ball back down the pitch;
25.4;?;Boland to K O'Brien, no run fuller ball and O'Brien gets onto the front foot and defends the ball into the covers again;
25.3;?;Boland to K O'Brien, no run goes short and it's down the legside, easy for O'Brien to duck out of the way;
25.2;2;Boland to K O'Brien, 2 runs nice shot from O'Brien, clips the ball through mid-wicket and they turn quickly for the second;
25.1;?;Boland to K O'Brien, no run O'Brien gets onto the front foot and defends the ball into the covers;
24.6;W;Worrall to Terry, OUT What's happened here? Terry gets hit on the pads and Worrell goes up for the LBW. Terry wanders out of the crease and the ball gets thrown back in from slip and Terry is run out. Quick thinking there from Smith that leaves Ireland in even bigger trouble now. Terry is gone for a duck;Sean Terry run out (Smith) 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
24.5;W;Worrall to Wilson, OUT another Wicket goes down! Wilson looks to run the ball down to third man and gets a thin edge through to the keeper. Wade takes the catch and throws the ball up in the air. Ireland in a bit of trouble here now!;Gary Wilson c ?Wade b Worrall 14 (54m 33b 0x4 0x6) SR: 42.42;
24.4;1;Worrall to K O'Brien, 1 run O'Brien drives the ball into the covers and sets off for the run. O'Brien has to run around the bowler and just beats Warner's throw to the non-striker's end;
24.3;1lb;Worrall to Wilson, 1 leg bye on legstump and Wilson looks to clips the ball into the legside. Hits him on the pad and O'Brien calls him through for the run;
24.2;?;Worrall to Wilson, no run good length ball again and Wilson gets onto the front foot and defends. Goes into the legside;
24.1;?;Worrall to Wilson, no run gets onto the front foot and defends the ball back to the bowler;
23.6;W;Boland to Anderson, OUT Anderson stays in the crease again and looks to turn the ball into the off-side. Gets hit on the pad and the umpire's finger goes up. Anderson reviews the decision. No bat on the ball and it does look a touch high. It bounces in line and it's just clipping the top of the bails. It's the umpire's call and Anderson has to go;John Anderson lbw b Boland 39 (67m 49b 6x4 0x6) SR: 79.59;
23.5;?;Boland to Anderson, no run goes short and Anderson misses with the attempted pull;
23.4;?;Boland to Anderson, no run gets on the front foot and defends into the covers;
23.3;1;Boland to Wilson, 1 run dropped. Tough chance there for Boland. Wilson chips the ball back in the air towards the bowler. Boland gets his right hand down and it just drops to the ground in front of him. Would have been a great reflex catch;
23.2;?;Boland to Wilson, no run beaten. Wilson goes for a late cut and the ball doesn't get high enough off the pitch. Can't get anything on it and it goes through to the keeper;
23.1;?;Boland to Wilson, no run full ball to start and it's turned into the on-side, stops Wilson from rotating the strike;
22.6;?;Worrall to Anderson, no run it's another good length ball from the bowler, Anderson steps into the shot and hits it into the off-side. Eventful over there;
22.5;?;Worrall to Anderson, no run it's cut hard towards point, Maxwell dives to his right and makes an excellent stop;
22.4;?;Worrall to Anderson, no run much better ball, right on the stumps and Anderson can only defend the ball back down the pitch;
22.3;1;Worrall to Wilson, 1 run Worrall over compensates and it's too far wide of off-stump, Wilson cuts the ball down to third man;
22.3;1w;Worrall to Wilson, 1 wide goes down the legside and its called a wide. That's nine wides already today by Australia;
22.2;?;Worrall to Wilson, no run another short ball from Worrall, cramps Wilson for room and it looks like he might have edged it to the keeper. Wilson refers it straight away and they have gone upstairs. On the ultra edge it looks like there is no contact with the bat. Looks like this might be overturned and it is as umpire Llong reverses his decision;
22.1;1;Worrall to Anderson, 1 run Anderson clips the ball towards deep square leg, lands well before the fielder;
21.6;?;Hastings to Wilson, no run Wilson gets another short ball and looks to pull the ball, doesn't get hold of it and it dribbles into the legside;
21.5;1;Hastings to Anderson, 1 run Anderson drops the ball into the off-side and sets off for the run, Smith runs in quickly and can't pick up the ball so they are safely home;
21.5;1w;Hastings to Anderson, 1 wide Hastings goes short and it's a touch too high and the umpire calls it a wide. Rightly so too;
21.4;?;Hastings to Anderson, no run slower ball again from Hastings, its straight and Anderson hits the ball up to mid-on;
21.3;1;Hastings to Wilson, 1 run Wilson shuffles across the stumps and uses the angle of the ball to guide it to deep square leg;
21.2;?;Hastings to Wilson, no run slower ball from Hastings, Wilson stays rooted to the spot and defends the ball back up the pitch;
21.1;2;Hastings to Wilson, 2 runs Wilson gets one on the pads and it's clipped away to deep square leg. Wilson turns back quickly for the second;
20.6;?;Zampa to Anderson, no run Beautiful ball from Zampa, Anderson goes back in the crease and looks to defend the ball forward. It just goes past the outside edge;
20.5;1;Zampa to Wilson, 1 run Zampa goes down the legside and Wilson attempts another sweep. Gets a bit of the bat on the ball and it goes down past the keeper;
20.4;?;Zampa to Wilson, no run he ball grips in the pitch and Wilson defends the ball into the off side again;
20.3;1;Zampa to Anderson, 1 run gets to the pitch of the ball and clips it through the on side;
20.2;4;Zampa to Anderson, FOUR runs Lovely shot from Anderson, gets down early and sweeps the ball fine through long leg. They have played the sweep shot very well this morning;
20.1;1;Zampa to Wilson, 1 run drives the ball through the covers and they jog the single;
20.1;1w;Zampa to Wilson, 1 wide goes down the legside, and Wade takes off the bails. Wilson hadn't moved his feet and it's not out;
19.6;?;Hastings to Anderson, no run Hastings gets the edge. There isn't much pace on the ball and it drops well short of Wade behind the stumps;
19.5;?;Hastings to Anderson, no run much better length from Hastings, Anderson gets in line and plays the ball back up the pitch;
19.4;2;Hastings to Anderson, 2 runs back-of-a-length delivery from Hastings, Anderson drags the ball through midwicket and they get another couple of runs;
19.3;?;Hastings to Anderson, no run Anderson gets onto the front foot and defends the ball into the off side;
19.2;1;Hastings to Wilson, 1 run late cut from Wilson, gets on top of the ball and hits it down to third man;
19.1;?;Hastings to Wilson, no run Hastings comes back into the attack and its a full ball to start. Wilson doesn't move his feet and hits the ball to short mid-off;
18.6;?;Zampa to Anderson, no run goes back in the crease and hits the ball back to the bowler again;
18.5;?;Zampa to Anderson, no run stays in the crease and defends the ball back to Zampa;
18.4;4;Zampa to Anderson, FOUR runs Anderson chips the ball in the air over the top of extra cover. Worrall chases after the ball and puts the dive in on the rope. Looks like he touched the rope and the ball at the same time and he signals the boundary. Brings up the 100 for Ireland;
18.3;1;Zampa to Wilson, 1 run Wilson gets down early and sweeps the ball out to deep square leg;
18.2;?;Zampa to Wilson, no run gets on the front foot and gets a thick edge into the off-side;
18.1;1;Zampa to Anderson, 1 run goes back in the crease and punches the ball off the back foot and goes up to long-on;
17.6;?;Marsh to Wilson, no run Wilson looks to cut the ball and is lucky not to chop it back onto the stumps;
17.5;1;Marsh to Anderson, 1 run it's a short ball and Anderson pulls the ball in the air into the legside. Boland dives forward and gets his hands on the ball. He isn't sure that he got his fingers underneath the ball and so they have gone upstairs to check. Looks a tough one to see if he got his fingers enough under the ball. The TV Umpire gives him the benefit of the doubt. Not Out is the final verdict;
17.4;?;Marsh to Anderson, no run a good length ball and it pops up off the pitch, it suprises Anderson a little and he does well to defend the ball back down the pitch;
17.3;?;Marsh to Anderson, no run Anderson gets onto the front foot and drives the ball into the covers, Zampa dives to his left and stops the ball;
17.2;?;Marsh to Anderson, no run it's a much better ball outside off stump and Anderson gets his bat out of the way and lets it go through to the keeper;
17.2;5w;Marsh to Anderson, 5 wide a wild ball from Marsh, its far too short and goes over the top of the batsman's head. Even Wade behind the stumps can't stop it and it goes all the way to the boundary. Wides;
17.1;?;Marsh to Anderson, no run Marsh continues with a shorter ball. Anderson gets in line and defends the ball back to the bowler;
16.6;?;Zampa to Wilson, no run starts off wide of the leg stump, hits Wilson on the pad and its goes into the legside. Wade runs from behind the stumps and collects the ball;
16.5;?;Zampa to Wilson, no run comes down the pitch and defends the ball into the off side this time;
16.4;?;Zampa to Wilson, no run gets on the front foot and defends the ball into the on side;
16.3;1;Zampa to Anderson, 1 run waits in the crease and hits the ball out to the cover sweeper again;
16.2;1;Zampa to Wilson, 1 run Zampa drops short and is pulled up to long-on;
16.1;1;Zampa to Anderson, 1 run hit out to sweeper cover;
15.6;1;Marsh to Anderson, 1 run slower ball clipped into the leg side again and that's drinks;
15.5;?;Marsh to Anderson, no run good length ball outside off stump and Wilson gets into the front foot and defends into the covers;
15.4;1;Marsh to Wilson, 1 run Much straighter again from Marsh, clips the ball to deep square leg;
15.3;?;Marsh to Wilson, no run another short ball from Marsh, its wide of off stump and Wilson misses with his slash at the ball;
15.2;?;Marsh to Wilson, no run good length ball from Marsh, hits Wilson on the handle of the bat and its goes into the off side;
15.1;1;Marsh to Anderson, 1 run back of the length ball from Marsh, Anderson pulls the ball through midwicket;
14.6;1;Zampa to Anderson, 1 run Sweeps the ball wide of fine leg to get another run;
14.5;1;Zampa to Wilson, 1 run Wilson hits a full ball into the covers, calls for the run. Warner gets the ball back in quicky and Wade takes off the bails. They have a look at the TV pictures but Anderson was home;
14.4;?;Zampa to Wilson, no run Wilson shuffles down the pitch and gets to the pitch of the ball. Defended on the front foot;
14.3;?;Zampa to Wilson, no run gets onto the front foot and defends the ball into the covers;
14.2;2;Zampa to Wilson, 2 runs Wilson gets down early and paddles the ball down to fine leg;
14.1;1;Zampa to Anderson, 1 run Anderson goes back in the crease and waits for the turn, cuts the ball out to deep point;
13.6;?;Marsh to Wilson, no run Wilson gets onto the front foot and defends his first ball into the covers;
13.5;1;Marsh to Anderson, 1 run Marsh strays onto the leg stump again and it's easily clipped out to deep square leg;
13.4;?;Marsh to Anderson, no run gets onto the front foot and leans into the shot, directed to mid-wicket;
13.3;4;Marsh to Anderson, FOUR runs gets the edge and it flies to the where second slip would have been. Anderson pushed hard at the ball and there is no third man to prevent the boundary;
13.2;?;Marsh to Anderson, no run a little less pace from Marsh, Anderson gets on the front foot and defends;
13.1;?;Marsh to Anderson, no run much better ball and it's much nearer the stumps, gets defended into the covers;
13.1;1w;Marsh to Anderson, 1 wide off-side wide;
12.6;W;Zampa to Porterfield, OUT Another wicket goes down! Its the flipper from Zampa and Porterfield looks to pull the ball into the legside. It keeps low and hits him in front of the stumps. Porterfield knew that he was gone and didn't even need to look at the umpire. Head down and kept walking back;William Porterfield lbw b Zampa 24 (58m 39b 1x4 1x6) SR: 61.53;
12.6;1w;Zampa to Porterfield, 1 wide goes down the legside, wide;
12.5;?;Zampa to Porterfield, no run loops the ball up and it gets defended back to the bowler;
12.4;2;Zampa to Porterfield, 2 runs gets onto the front foot and drives the ball through the covers, the sweeper runs over and tidies up the ball;
12.3;1;Zampa to Anderson, 1 run stays in the crease and clips the ball through the legside;
12.2;1;Zampa to Porterfield, 1 run much slower through the air, Porterfield goes for the reverse-sweep, doesn't hit it cleanly and it just goes past the keeper;
12.1;?;Zampa to Porterfield, no run on legstump and it's clipped to square leg;
11.6;?;Boland to Anderson, no run gets onto the front foot and defends the ball back to the bowler again;
11.5;?;Boland to Anderson, no run a good comeback ball form Boland, tucks Anderson up for room and he can only defend the ball back down the pitch;
11.4;4;Boland to Anderson, FOUR runs its short and sits up nicely for Anderson, pulled through midwicket and even though its not hit too cleanly goes all the way to the rope;
11.3;?;Boland to Anderson, no run full outside off stump and Anderson pulls the bat out of the way, lets the ball go through to Wade behind the stumps;
11.2;?;Boland to Anderson, no run an inswinger from Boland, Anderson stays in the crease and defends the ball into the legside;
11.2;1w;Boland to Anderson, 1 wide far too wide outside off-stump and it's another wide for Australia;
11.1;1;Boland to Porterfield, 1 run Boland continues, 141ks, and Porterfield clips him through square leg, they jog the single;
10.6;4;Marsh to Anderson, FOUR runs Lovely shot from Anderson, full and straight again from Marsh. Leans into the shot and drives it back past the bowler. Goes all the way to the boundary again;
10.5;4;Marsh to Anderson, FOUR runs too straight from Marsh and it's easy for Anderson to move across the stumps and glance the ball to the fine leg boundary;
10.4;1;Marsh to Porterfield, 1 run clips the ball towards midwicket and it's an easy single for Porterfeld;
10.3;?;Marsh to Porterfield, no run gets onto the front foot and defends the ball back down the pitch;
10.2;?;Marsh to Porterfield, no run Chance for Australia, Porterfield goes for another cross-batted shot and gets a bottom-edge. It's a tough chance for Wade and as he dives forward he can't keep hold of the ball.;
10.2;1w;Marsh to Porterfield, 1 wide goes down the legside, called a wide;
10.1;4;Marsh to Porterfield, FOUR runs a real loosener to start from Marsh, its wide and short. Porterfield swings at the ball and hits it hard back past the bowler, runs quick over the outfield and brings up the fifty for Ireland;
9.6;?;Boland to Anderson, no run Last ball of the powerplay and Anderson is happy to defend the ball back down the pitch;
9.5;?;Boland to Anderson, no run much straighter ball from Boland, Anderson stays in the crease and clips the ball into the legside;
9.4;?;Boland to Anderson, no run another tempter outside off, Anderson is leaving these balls well alone today.;
9.3;?;Boland to Anderson, no run wide of off-stump and Andetrson lets the ball go through to the keeper;
9.2;W;Boland to Stirling, OUT Stirling hits the ball in the air towards cover point, just couldn't get on top of the ball. Ends up hitting it straight into the fielder's hands. First wicket gone.;Paul Stirling c Zampa b Boland 30 (40m 27b 5x4 1x6) SR: 111.11;
9.1;1;Boland to Porterfield, 1 run Boland bowls a straight ball and it's easy for Porterfield to clip the ball through square leg;
8.6;?;Worrall to Stirling, no run turns the ball into the on-side and the fielder runs in to stop the ball. 12 off the over for Ireland;
8.5;?;Worrall to Stirling, no run clips the ball off the leg to short fine leg;
8.4;4;Worrall to Stirling, FOUR runs Worral goes short and you can see Stirling's eyes light up as he pulls the ball to the square leg boundary. Beats the fielder and its another Boundary for the Irish;
8.3;4;Worrall to Stirling, FOUR runs punches the ball over the top of cover and it races to the rope. The fielder can only turn their heads and watch the ball go. The fielder can only turn their heads and watch the ball go;
8.2;?;Worrall to Stirling, no run drives the ball hard into cover and its a smart stop by the fielder;
8.1;4;Worrall to Stirling, FOUR runs Stirling gets the over off to a good start by smashing the ball back over the bowler's head. The umpires have sent it upstairs to see if its a six or a four. Upon Close-ups, it looks like it could have been a six, but its given as four;
7.6;?;Boland to Porterfield, no run another good length ball from Boland Porterfield gets in line and defends the ball back down the pitch;
7.5;?;Boland to Porterfield, no run Boland beats Porterfield's defensive push and is unlucky not to get an edge through to the keeper;
7.4;1;Boland to Stirling, 1 run Stirling gets on the front foot again and plays a late cut down to third man, they jog the single;
7.3;?;Boland to Stirling, no run good length ball from the bowler, Stirling gets on to the front foot and defends back to the bowler;
7.2;4;Boland to Stirling, FOUR runs its another cracking shot from Stirling, he clips the ball in the air over the top of square leg and the ball goes to the boundary;
7.1;?;Boland to Stirling, no run Boland comes in for his first ball and Stirling is happy to defend the ball back up the pitch;
6.6;?;Worrall to Porterfield, no run ts wide of off stump and Porterfield is happy to defend the ball towards point to finish the over;
6.5;?;Worrall to Porterfield, no run gets onto the front foot and defends the ball into the covers;
6.4;?;Worrall to Porterfield, no run clips the ball off the pads and goes into the legside;
6.3;6;Worrall to Porterfield, SIX runs Porterfield pulls the ball over the top of long leg and the ball goes all the way for a six! Great shot from the Ireland Captain;
6.2;?;Worrall to Porterfield, no run;
6.1;?;Worrall to Porterfield, no run;
5.6;6;Hastings to Stirling, SIX runs short, wide and cut away to sweeper cover;
5.5;1;Hastings to Porterfield, 1 run width on offer, slashes at it and gets it away to third man;
5.4;?;Hastings to Porterfield, no run gets it away to backward point off the backfoot;
5.3;1;Hastings to Stirling, 1 run steered to third man for a single;
5.2;?;Hastings to Stirling, no run short of a length and darting back in to him, keeps low as well and Stirling is beaten;
5.1;?;Hastings to Stirling, no run beaten! Doesn't move his feet at all as he tries to drive and the ball shoots past the inside edge;
4.6;2;Worrall to Porterfield, 2 runs sliced to third man for a brace;
4.5;?;Worrall to Porterfield, no run good length, nudges it to the leg side;
4.4;?;Worrall to Porterfield, no run defends it off the front foot back to the bowler;
4.3;?;Worrall to Porterfield, no run length ball on off, works it to covers;
4.2;?;Worrall to Porterfield, no run played off the backfoot, straight to the cover fielder;
4.1;?;Worrall to Porterfield, no run good length ball on middle stump, doesn't move his feet much but manages to work it to covers;
3.6;?;Hastings to Stirling, no run played off the backfoot and the ball rolls down the ground;
3.5;4;Hastings to Stirling, FOUR runs good length outside off, played beautifully through the covers, and ball races to the boundary. Driven crisply;
3.4;?;Hastings to Stirling, no run played off the backfoot, and ball rolls down the ground;
3.3;?;Hastings to Stirling, no run good length ball outside off, fends it off to short cover without much movement of the feet;
3.2;?;Hastings to Stirling, no run some movement there, beats the outside edge, and the ball goes to the keeper;
3.1;3;Hastings to Porterfield, 3 runs played off the backfoot past the bowler. The outfield is quick, which allows them to take three;
2.6;?;Worrall to Stirling, no run comes forward to defend and the ball goes straight down the ground;
2.5;1lb;Worrall to Porterfield, 1 leg bye fires it down the leg side, looks to flick it but wears it on the pad;
2.4;?;Worrall to Porterfield, no run comes forward and blocks it down the pitch;
2.3;?;Worrall to Porterfield, no run flicked away to the man at midwicket;
2.2;?;Worrall to Porterfield, no run defended off the backfoot and the ball goes down the pitch;
2.1;1;Worrall to Stirling, 1 run short and wide from Worrall, cut away to deep backward point;
1.6;?;Hastings to Porterfield, no run played off the backfoot and ball goes down the pitch;
1.5;1;Hastings to Stirling, 1 run works it square towards third man for a single;
1.4;?;Hastings to Stirling, no run good length ball, beats the outside edge on its way to the wicketkeeper;
1.3;?;Hastings to Stirling, no run comes forward and defends it down the pitch;
1.2;?;Hastings to Stirling, no run left alone outside off;
1.1;?;Hastings to Stirling, no run fuller ball, driven straight to cover;
1.1;1w;Hastings to Stirling, 1 wide bowls it way outside off, not bothered with by the batsman;
0.6;?;Worrall to Porterfield, no run drags his length back and gets significant bounce, Porterfield doesn't bother going after it and lets it go to the wicketkeeper;
0.5;?;Worrall to Porterfield, no run fires it wide outside off, Porterfield lets it go to the keeper;
0.4;?;Worrall to Porterfield, no run bowls it on off stump, defended back down the pitch;
0.3;?;Worrall to Porterfield, no run defends it down the pitch off the backfoot;
0.2;?;Worrall to Porterfield, no run tucked to mid-wicket;
0.1;2;Worrall to Porterfield, 2 runs flicks it to the leg side for a brace;

10.00am The players are making their way out. Porterfield to take strike and Worrall to begin proceedings.
9.30am Ireland have won the toss and are batting first.
It's a fine day with clear skies at the Willowmoore Park in Benoni. The pitch is the same one that was used for Sunday's clash against South Africa, and will be good to bat on.
Ireland will be without Niall O'Brien who has been ruled out due to a concussion suffered before their match against South Africa on Sunday. They have made one change to their XI, with Barry McCarthy coming in place of Craig Young.
9.15am They are likely to enjoy the pace and bounce though; conditions in South Africa are fairly similar to Australia's. Good day and welcome to ESPNcricinfo's ball-by-ball coverage of the one-off ODI. Dan Brettig lays down the beat in his preview.
Smith confirmed that Worrall, who has played only 12 List A games, will make his international debut in this fixture. Here is Brydon Coverdale on Worrall's emergence from the left field.
Australia XI: 1 David Warner, 2 Usman Khawaja, 3 Steven Smith (capt), 4 George Bailey, 5 Travis Head, 6 Mitchell Marsh, 7 Matthew Wade (wk), 8 John Hastings, 9 Adam Zampa, 10 Scott Boland, 11 Daniel Worrall
9.05am Ireland are probably still smarting from their shellacking at their hands of South Africa on Sunday. They now run into the No.1 ODI team, Australia, that pulled the rug from under Sri Lanka's feet in the limited-overs leg. Australia captain Steven Smith returns after a break, and has asked his men to get things loud.
Australia, however, will have to do without Mitchell Starc, Josh Hazlewood, Nathan Coulter-Nile, and James Faulkner. The rookies - Daniel Worrall, Joe Mennie, and Chris Tremain - will look to piece together the seam bowling jigsaw alongside John Hastings and Scott Boland on this trip. Stern test for Australia's pace depth?
 Innings Start
4.10pm With that scrambled clip into the legside, Australia complete a nine wicket win with 119 balls remaining. A comprehensive win, which was never really in doubt once both Warner and Khawaja put on 73 for the first wicket. Ireland weren't threatening enough with the ball, they just couldn't stop the batsmen from scoring. Sure, dropped catches did not help their cause.
At the top level you have to take every chance that comes along and once again Ireland didn't do that today. For Australia this was a perfect start of their South Africa tour, all of their bowlers took wickets and all top order fired. What more could you ask for?
Presentations coming up. Do stick with us
William Porterfield, Ireland captain: "We got off to a great start but to lose three wickets in 8-10 balls isn't ideal. So its obvious that we didn't get enough runs. The wicket was a little bit up and down and when we lost our way in the middle of the innings it meant that we weren't going to be able to come back from that against good sides. We feel that we have done a lot of good things in today's game, we need to be kicking on from 20s, 30s and 40s. That shows where we need to go on from now. We don't have anymore international cricket this side of Christmas and so we are going home to practice for our tour of India, when we are playing Afghanistan in Feb-March. That's our next major cricket"
Steven Smith, Australia captain: "Pretty good performance in the end, the way that we started with the ball, let them away just a little bit too early and to bowl them out for just under 200 was good. No excuses, we gave too many freebies at the start and we need to work on this before we face South Africa. They wont let us back into the game as easily as Ireland did. We need to continue to improve at the front and take wickets in the middle, just like we did today. I'm happy at the way that Zampa bowled today, he started off nicely and hopefully can continue this. It's an international game today and to win by nine wickets, I'm very happy with that. It's always great playing over here in South Africa and it should be a quality series against them."
Usman Khawaja, Man of the Match: "Yeah it was really good to get out there. great to have a win and it was pretty comfortable in the end.The surface was a little slow, still good though and the outfield is fast. I like playing here at altitude. We got off to a good start and it was good to watch David Warner batting from the other end."
So that brings to an end the Ireland visit to South Africa, you would think that there will need to be a lot of hard thinking to be done before they visit India in March for their series against Afghanistan. For Australia, this is only the beginning. On Friday, the five-match series starts against South Africa. So please join us then. So thanks for following our commentary today and this is Justin wishing you a goodnight. Bye
Niazi: "What a Comeback from UT Khawaja.... Hatsoff Buddy"
30.1;1;Dockrell to Khawaja, 1 run Dockrell bowls the ball on legstump and its clipped to square leg again. Terry can't gather the ball cleanly and they decide to run. Australia win! With that scrambled clip into the legside, Australia complete a nine wicket win with 119 balls remaining.;
29.6;?;K O'Brien to Smith, no run a good length ball again from O'Brien, Smith turns the ball into the legside and its straight to the fielder again;
29.5;1;K O'Brien to Khawaja, 1 run clips the ball into the legside and the scores are tied.;
29.4;1;K O'Brien to Smith, 1 run Smith turns a good length ball up towards Terry at mid-on. Its wide enough to get a single;
29.3;?;K O'Brien to Smith, no run wide outside off-stump, Smith doesn't move his feet and misses the ball.;
29.2;1;K O'Brien to Khawaja, 1 run stump-to-stump again from O'Brien. Khawaja stays in the crease and hits the ball back to the bowler;
29.2;1w;K O'Brien to Khawaja, 1 wide goes down the legside and Ireland are sure that Khawja has got something on the ball. They review it, no harm in doing so with only 5 runs needed. Doesn't look like there is anything on Ultra Edge. So its just a wide then.;
29.1;1;K O'Brien to Smith, 1 run a short ball and Smith pulls it into the legside, stopped on the boundary;
28.6;4;Dockrell to Khawaja, FOUR runs short and wide and Khawaja has all the time in the world to cut the ball through point. Goes to the boundary;
28.5;1;Dockrell to Smith, 1 run turns the ball round the corner and its another simply taken single;
28.4;2;Dockrell to Smith, 2 runs goes short and its pulled down to long leg by Smith;
28.3;?;Dockrell to Smith, no run yorker from Dockrell, Smith hits the ball back to him;
28.2;?;Dockrell to Smith, no run hits the ball to Stirling at cover;
28.1;1;Dockrell to Khawaja, 1 run gets onto the front foot and clips the ball through square leg again;
30.1;1;Dockrell to Khawaja, 1 run Dockrell bowls the ball on legstump and its clipped to square leg again. Terry can't gather the ball cleanly and they decide to run. Australia win! With that scrambled clip into the legside, Australia complete a nine wicket win with 119 balls remaining.;
29.6;?;K O'Brien to Smith, no run a good length ball again from O'Brien, Smith turns the ball into the legside and its straight to the fielder again;
29.5;1;K O'Brien to Khawaja, 1 run clips the ball into the legside and the scores are tied.;
29.4;1;K O'Brien to Smith, 1 run Smith turns a good length ball up towards Terry at mid-on. Its wide enough to get a single;
29.3;?;K O'Brien to Smith, no run wide outside off-stump, Smith doesn't move his feet and misses the ball.;
29.2;1;K O'Brien to Khawaja, 1 run stump-to-stump again from O'Brien. Khawaja stays in the crease and hits the ball back to the bowler;
29.2;1w;K O'Brien to Khawaja, 1 wide goes down the legside and Ireland are sure that Khawja has got something on the ball. They review it, no harm in doing so with only 5 runs needed. Doesn't look like there is anything on Ultra Edge. So its just a wide then.;
29.1;1;K O'Brien to Smith, 1 run a short ball and Smith pulls it into the legside, stopped on the boundary;
28.6;4;Dockrell to Khawaja, FOUR runs short and wide and Khawaja has all the time in the world to cut the ball through point. Goes to the boundary;
28.5;1;Dockrell to Smith, 1 run turns the ball round the corner and its another simply taken single;
28.4;2;Dockrell to Smith, 2 runs goes short and its pulled down to long leg by Smith;
28.3;?;Dockrell to Smith, no run yorker from Dockrell, Smith hits the ball back to him;
28.2;?;Dockrell to Smith, no run hits the ball to Stirling at cover;
28.1;1;Dockrell to Khawaja, 1 run gets onto the front foot and clips the ball through square leg again;
27.6;?;McCarthy to Smith, no run a good length ball from McCarthy and its knocked back to the bowler;
27.5;4;McCarthy to Smith, FOUR runs its wide of off-stump and its driven hard through cover for another four. This is going to end very quickly here....;
27.4;1;McCarthy to Khawaja, 1 run another chance goes begging. Khawaja hits the ball in the air and Chase runs over from mid-on and just can't catch up with the ball.;
27.3;1;McCarthy to Smith, 1 run that's the fifty for Smith, plays the ball across his pads and it goes down to long leg.;
27.2;?;McCarthy to Smith, no run another full toss from McCarthy and he misses out on this one as he looks to cut the ball;
27.1;6;McCarthy to Smith, SIX runs a full toss from McCarthy and its hit over the bowlers head and keeps on going. Hits the sightscreen;
26.6;?;Dockrell to Khawaja, no run guides the ball out to point and there is no run;
26.5;1;Dockrell to Smith, 1 run hits the ball through the covers and that's the 100 partnership up for Australia;
26.4;1;Dockrell to Khawaja, 1 run stays in the crease and sweeps the ball out to deep square leg;
26.3;1;Dockrell to Smith, 1 run clips the ball through the legside and its stopped on the mid-wicket boundary;
26.2;2;Dockrell to Smith, 2 runs cuts the ball to deep point and Terry cuts the ball off on the boundary;
26.1;?;Dockrell to Smith, no run goes back in the crease and defends into the covers;
25.6;1;McCarthy to Smith, 1 run Smith stays in the crease and pulls the ball into the legside, its wide enough of the fielder to get a single;
25.5;?;McCarthy to Smith, no run wide of off-stump and Smith is happy to defend the ball into the covers;
25.4;1;McCarthy to Khawaja, 1 run comes round the wicket and Khawaja helps the ball on the way down to long leg;
25.3;1;McCarthy to Smith, 1 run goes short and Smith pulls the ball through square leg;
25.2;?;McCarthy to Smith, no run full ball smashed back towards the bowler. Hits McCarthy on the foot and it looks to have hurt him there. Ouch!;
25.1;?;McCarthy to Smith, no run good length ball defended back towards the bowler by Smith;
24.6;1;Chase to Smith, 1 run same delivery from Chase and this time Smith gets its squarer on the legside. They jog the single;
24.5;?;Chase to Smith, no run inswinger from Chase, Smith defends into the legside;
24.4;4;Chase to Smith, FOUR runs full and wide outside off-stump, Smith jabs the bat down and it goes to the point boundary;
24.3;1;Chase to Khawaja, 1 run Chase strays onto the legstump and its clipped down to long leg again. So many runs scored on the legside today;
24.2;1;Chase to Smith, 1 run slower ball clipped off the pads and goes out towards the mid-wicket boundary;
24.1;?;Chase to Smith, no run hit into the covers and Stirling makes a smart stop at short extra cover;
23.6;1;McCarthy to Smith, 1 run McCarthy drops short again and this one doesn't bounce much. Smith has to bend his knees as he hits the ball out to deep mid-wicket;
23.5;1;McCarthy to Khawaja, 1 run McCarthy drops short again and its pulled out to the square leg boundary. Stopped on the boundary;
23.4;?;McCarthy to Khawaja, no run slower delivery again from McCarthy, driven to the cover fielder;
23.3;?;McCarthy to Khawaja, no run fuller ball from McCarthy as he come round the wicket. Clipped along the ground to the short midwicket fielder;
23.2;4;McCarthy to Khawaja, FOUR runs outside off stump this time and its driven through extra cover this time. No chance of stopping that one;
23.1;4;McCarthy to Khawaja, FOUR runs another ball on legstump and its glanced to the fine leg boundary. The runs just keep on coming;
22.6;4;Chase to Smith, FOUR runs down the legside and Smith swings at the ball, gets the edge and it goes to the fine leg boundary;
22.5;?;Chase to Smith, no run slower ball that Smith turns into the legside and its to the close fielder;
22.4;1;Chase to Khawaja, 1 run clipped into the legside and they set off quickly for the run;
22.3;6;Chase to Khawaja, SIX runs Chase goes short and Khawaja swivels and it goes over the top of the long leg boundary. What a cracking shot from Khawaja;
22.3;1nb;Chase to Khawaja, (no ball) Chase oversteps and that's going to be a free hit coming up;
22.2;?;Chase to Khawaja, no run wide of off-stump and the ball is cut into the covers, Porterfield makes a smart stop of the ball;
22.1;?;Chase to Khawaja, no run Chase comes back on and gets a full ball hit back to him;
21.6;?;McCarthy to Smith, no run slower ball from McCarthy, turns the ball into the legside to finish the over;
21.5;?;McCarthy to Smith, no run gets onto the front foot again and defends into the covers;
21.4;?;McCarthy to Smith, no run good length ball turned into the on-side and picked up by the fielder;
21.3;?;McCarthy to Smith, no run gets up on his toes and defends the ball into the covers;
21.2;4;McCarthy to Smith, FOUR runs looks to go short and Smith pulls the ball to the square leg boundary. Perfectly bisects the fielders;
21.1;?;McCarthy to Smith, no run McCarthy comes back into the attack and the ball is punched up to mid-on;
20.6;?;Dockrell to Khawaja, no run gets forward and defends the ball into the legside;
20.5;1;Dockrell to Smith, 1 run turns the ball round the corner and starts running straight away, gets home with easy;
20.4;1;Dockrell to Khawaja, 1 run gets to the pitch of the ball and hits it up to long-on;
20.3;2;Dockrell to Khawaja, 2 runs goes down early and paddles the ball down to fine leg;
20.2;4;Dockrell to Khawaja, FOUR runs that's the fifty for Khawaja! It sits up nicely and he cuts the ball to the deep point boundary. McCarthy dives on the rope and can't stop the boundary;
20.1;1;Dockrell to Smith, 1 run comes down the pitch and hits the ball along the ground to long-off;
19.6;1;K O'Brien to Smith, 1 run slower ball that Smith pulls into the legside and that brings up the fifty partnership. Terry fumbles the ball as he picks it up and they decide against the second run;
19.5;?;K O'Brien to Smith, no run loopy slower ball from O'Brien. Smith gets on the front foot and defends forward;
19.4;?;K O'Brien to Smith, no run loopy slower ball from O'Brien. Smith gets on the front foot and defends forward;
19.3;?;K O'Brien to Smith, no run a big swing and miss from Smith. Looks to pull the ball into the legside and misses. Signs of aggression from Smith;
19.2;1;K O'Brien to Khawaja, 1 run O'Brien drops short and its pulled out to the square leg boundary. Dockrell stops the ball on the rope;
19.1;1;K O'Brien to Smith, 1 run clips the ball through the legside again and Smith gets another;
18.6;?;Dockrell to Khawaja, no run takes the outside edge and lands just short of Stirling at slip. Unlucky for Dockrell;
18.6;1w;Dockrell to Khawaja, 1 wide goes down the legside and its called a wide. Wilson takes off the bails but Khawaja is home;
18.5;?;Dockrell to Khawaja, no run goes back in the crease and defends the ball into the pitch;
18.4;1;Dockrell to Smith, 1 run goes back in the crease and cuts the ball out to the cover sweeper;
18.3;?;Dockrell to Smith, no run gets on the front foot and drives the ball into the covers;
18.2;?;Dockrell to Smith, no run Smith comes down the pitch and gets hit on the pad, there is a loud appeal from Wilson. umpire not interested;
18.1;4;Dockrell to Smith, FOUR runs too far outside off-stump and Smith waits for the ball and cuts the ball through backward point. Terry can't cut it off and it goes to the rope;
17.6;1;K O'Brien to Smith, 1 run Smith moves across the stumps again and clips the ball down through square leg. Terry runs in quickly to cut off the second;
17.5;?;K O'Brien to Smith, no run it's a shorter ball and Smith looks to pull the ball, doesn't get a good connection on the ball and it goes into his own pads. O'Brien runs down the pitch to field;
17.4;?;K O'Brien to Smith, no run Smith gets onto the front foot and hits the ball back into the ground. O'Brien picks the ball up on his follow through;
17.4;1w;K O'Brien to Smith, 1 wide O'Brien goes short and its too short for Umpire Llong, calls it wide;
17.3;?;K O'Brien to Smith, no run O'Brien is back bowling stump-to-stump, Smith gets in line and plays the ball back to the bowler;
17.2;?;K O'Brien to Smith, no run slower ball outside off stump. Smith dabs the ball down and Wilson runs up from behind the stumps to field;
17.1;1;K O'Brien to Khawaja, 1 run gets a good length ball which is driven up to long-on;
16.6;?;Dockrell to Smith, no run spins back into Smith and he gets forward and defends. That's drinks;
16.5;4;Dockrell to Smith, FOUR runs Smith has seen enough and comes down the wicket to Dockrell. Didn't get to the pitch of the ball and just goes over the head of the fielder at mid-on. Has enough on it to go to the rope;
16.4;1;Dockrell to Khawaja, 1 run clipped through square leg for another single;
16.3;1;Dockrell to Smith, 1 run Smith stays rooted to the spot and hits the ball up to long-off. Jogs the single;
16.2;?;Dockrell to Smith, no run Smith stays in the crease, waits for the spin and defends;
16.1;1;Dockrell to Khawaja, 1 run wide outside off-stump to start from Dockrell. Khawaja leans forward and hits it out through the covers;
15.6;?;K O'Brien to Smith, no run Smith is happy to see out the over and defends the ball back to the bowler;
15.5;2;K O'Brien to Smith, 2 runs lovely placement from Smith. The field is packed on the off-side and he manages to find a gap and the ball goes out towards the extra cover boundary. Dockrell chases the ball back and stops it just before the rope;
15.4;?;K O'Brien to Smith, no run slower ball again from O'Brien, defended into the legside;
15.3;?;K O'Brien to Smith, no run outside off-stump and Smith is happy to defend the ball into the covers;
15.2;1;K O'Brien to Khawaja, 1 run it's far too easy for Khawaja, another ball clipped through the legside and its out to Dockrell on the boundary;
15.1;?;K O'Brien to Khawaja, no run outside off-stump and Khawaja stays in the crease and hits the ball up to mid-off;
15.1;1w;K O'Brien to Khawaja, 1 wide O'Brien goes down the legside and it's yet another wide;
14.6;1;Murtagh to Khawaja, 1 run another nurdle into the legside and that brings the 100 up for Australia. Going along very serenely here at the moment;
14.5;?;Murtagh to Khawaja, no run still no width from Murtagh and Khawaja can't get the ball away. Defended into the off-side;
14.4;1;Murtagh to Smith, 1 run Murtagh strays onto the legstump and its clipped down to long leg. Australia move onto 99;
14.3;?;Murtagh to Smith, no run another ball under 120kph, Smith is happy to take his time and defends the ball back down the pitch;
14.2;?;Murtagh to Smith, no run outside off-stump and Smith gets onto the front foot and defends the ball into the off-side. Murtagh runs over and fields;
14.1;?;Murtagh to Smith, no run tidy delivery again from Murtagh, Smith gets in line and defends;
13.6;?;K O'Brien to Khawaja, no run great stop from Terry. The ball is cut into the covers and just before it gets to Terry it takes another bad hop. Terry reaches out with his left hand and just stops the ball. Big smile on his face;
13.5;?;K O'Brien to Khawaja, no run on a good length, straight at middle stump. Khawaja hits the ball to mid-on and there is a loud shout of 'no' from Smith;
13.4;1;K O'Brien to Smith, 1 run Smith is shuffling across the stumps again and clips this slower ball through square leg;
13.4;1w;K O'Brien to Smith, 1 wide O'Brien goes for a slower ball bouncer and its goes over Smith's head and gets called for another wide;
13.3;1;K O'Brien to Khawaja, 1 run gets some width from O'Brien, plays the late cut down to third man;
13.2;?;K O'Brien to Khawaja, no run gets on the front foot and defends back to the bowler;
13.1;6;K O'Brien to Khawaja, SIX runs now that's a way to greet the bowler! Its in the arc and Khawaja hits the ball over the top of the bowler's head and its goes into the stands. Struck the ball superbly.;
12.6;1;Murtagh to Khawaja, 1 run a touch straighter and it lets Khawaja tuck the ball down to long leg;
12.5;?;Murtagh to Khawaja, no run another good length ball, pops up and Khawaja does well to control the shot as he plays the ball into the off-side;
12.4;?;Murtagh to Khawaja, no run good length ball again from Murtagh, its angled across Khawaja and he slashes the ball out to O'Brien at cover again;
12.3;?;Murtagh to Khawaja, no run wide of off-stump and its driven to O'Brien at cover. No chance of a run there;
12.2;?;Murtagh to Khawaja, no run gets on the front foot and defends the ball into the covers;
12.1;4;Murtagh to Khawaja, FOUR runs Wilson comes up to the stumps for Murtagh too. The bowler drops it short, and it sits up nicely for Khawaja. It gets pulled through mid-wicket and even though Terry dives on the rope, he can't stop the boundary;
11.6;1;K O'Brien to Khawaja, 1 run good length ball again and its driven through mid-off again, Ireland had moved the fielder back onto the boundary so its an easy single for Australia;
11.5;?;K O'Brien to Khawaja, no run another good length ball and it's driven up to mid-off;
11.4;?;K O'Brien to Khawaja, no run Wilson comes back up again behind the stumps, Khawaja gets on the front foot and defends into the covers;
11.3;1;K O'Brien to Smith, 1 run Smith stays in the crease and gets a thick edge down to Murtagh at third man;
11.2;?;K O'Brien to Smith, no run wide of off-stump from O'Brien, Smith moves to the off-side and defends the ball back up to the bowler;
11.1;1;K O'Brien to Khawaja, 1 run Wilson comes up behind the stumps to keep Khawaja in the crease, clips the ball into the legside and they scamper the single;
10.6;?;Murtagh to Smith, no run 112.9kph ball from Murtagh, Smith knows that he has plenty of time and is happy to play the ball back to the bowler;
10.5;?;Murtagh to Smith, no run good length ball which is defended back to the bowler;
10.4;1;Murtagh to Khawaja, 1 run hits the ball towards mid-off and sets off straightaway. McCarthy picks up the ball and throws at the non-striker's end. Misses the stumps but Khawaja would have been home anyway;
10.3;2;Murtagh to Khawaja, 2 runs Khawaja comes down the pitch and clips the ball through square leg. Chase dives on the rope and uses all of his tall frame to stop the ball. Terry backs up and throws the ball back in. Saved a couple of runs there;
10.2;2;Murtagh to Khawaja, 2 runs full ball driven through mid-wicket and Terry cuts the ball off just before the rope;
10.1;?;Murtagh to Khawaja, no run yet again stump-to-stump stuff from Murtagh, turned into the legside and short mid-wicket fields the ball;
9.6;2;K O'Brien to Smith, 2 runs pace off ball from O'Brien again, Smith clips the ball through square leg again. Anderson runs in from long leg and that ends an impressive powerplay for Australia;
9.5;?;K O'Brien to Smith, no run Smith shuffles across the stumps again and turns this ball into the legside, stopped by the fielder;
9.4;?;K O'Brien to Smith, no run slower ball with a touch of outswing, Smith moves across the stumps and defends the ball into the off-side;
9.3;1;K O'Brien to Khawaja, 1 run O'Brien bowls this one short and Khawaja rocks back in the crease and pulls the ball out to Dockrell on the square leg boundary;
9.2;?;K O'Brien to Khawaja, no run Khawaja comes down the wicket and looks to put O'Brien off his length. Knocks the ball into the covers;
9.1;?;K O'Brien to Khawaja, no run lots of pace off the ball from O'Brien, looks to keep the ball tight to the stump and Khawaja plays it into the legside;
8.6;?;Murtagh to Smith, no run touch of inswing there from Murtagh, Smith judges the ball well and hits it back along the ground to the bowler. Good over from Murtagh there;
8.5;?;Murtagh to Smith, no run it's a better line to the right-handed Smith, he stays in the crease and hits the ball back to the bowler;
8.4;W;Murtagh to Warner, OUT cutter from Murtagh and its stops on Warner, the ball pops back to the bowler. Murtagh jumps up and takes the catch just above his head. No celebration from the bowler. Warner will be unhappy to have got out like that;David Warner c & b Murtagh 48 (38m 30b 5x4 2x6) SR: 160;
8.3;1;Murtagh to Khawaja, 1 run slower delivery and it sits up nicely for Khawaja, who pulls the ball to the square leg boundary. Terry makes a diving stop on the rope and keeps it to one;
8.2;?;Murtagh to Khawaja, no run gets onto the front foot and defends the ball into the covers;
8.1;1;Murtagh to Warner, 1 run clips the ball through square leg again, now how many runs have Australia scored there so far?;
7.5;1;Chase to Warner, 1 run Chase goes for a slower ball and loses his line, Warner clips the ball through square leg and they jog the single;
7.4;6;Chase to Warner, SIX runs Warner is at it as well. Chase pitches the ball up and smashes it over the long-on boundary. It just flies and flies and flies;
7.3;4;Chase to Warner, FOUR runs Chase goes short and there is really no pace to it, Warner knows that there is no fielder at long leg and just helps it around the corner;
7.2;1;Chase to Khawaja, 1 run late-cuts the ball down to third man;
7.1;1;Chase to Warner, 1 run this one tucks Warner up for room and it's turned up towards mid-wicket. Gets another run;
7.1;1w;Chase to Warner, 1 wide Chase comes back on from the other end and is around the wicket to Warner. Goes down the legside and it's yet another wide;
6.6;?;Murtagh to Khawaja, no run slower ball outside off stump and it's driven to the cover fielder. Good over for Ireland with only three runs off it;
6.5;1;Murtagh to Warner, 1 run clips the ball through mid-wicket and they scamper across for the single;
6.4;?;Murtagh to Warner, no run Warner turns the ball into the leg side and Khawaja charges down the wicket. He is halfway down when Warner shouts no. Khawaja turns and dives back in at the non-striker's end, beats Murtagh's throw back in;
6.3;1;Murtagh to Khawaja, 1 run clipped through square leg again and this is far too comfortable for Australia so far;
6.2;1;Murtagh to Warner, 1 run on legstump again and Warner waits for the ball and clips it towards square leg. The fielder is back on the edge of the circle and it's an easy single;
6.1;?;Murtagh to Warner, no run Murtagh is bowling stump-to-stump and doesn't give Warner any room. Defended back to the bowler;
5.6;4;McCarthy to Khawaja, FOUR runs wide of off-stump again from the bowler, Khawaja drives hard at the ball and Porterfield ends up diving over the ball at point. Races away to the rope again;
5.5;?;McCarthy to Khawaja, no run another ball on legstump from McCarthy, Wilson appeals for the catch down the legside. Clipped the pad on the way through, so nothing from the umpire;
5.4;?;McCarthy to Khawaja, no run a dot ball! Not been many of them so far, defended into the covers by Khawaja;
5.3;4;McCarthy to Khawaja, FOUR runs Gosh! That brings up the fifty partnership. It's flat-batted back past the bowler by Khawaja. No point chasing that one;
5.2;1;McCarthy to Warner, 1 run another ball on legstump and it's clipped through square leg. The Irish bowlers seem to be having trouble with their line to the left-handed batsmen;
5.1;6;McCarthy to Warner, SIX runs Warner goes for a big one! It's in the slot and Warner smashes the ball over the top of the long-off boundary. Cracking shot;
4.6;?;Murtagh to Khawaja, no run steps down the pitch to change the angle, Khawaja hits the ball up to mid-on and the fielder runs in to stop the run;
4.5;?;Murtagh to Khawaja, no run it's a good length ball that Khawaja defends out towards point;
4.4;1;Murtagh to Warner, 1 run hits the ball through mid-wicket, Anderson has to dive to his left to stop the ball;
4.3;1;Murtagh to Khawaja, 1 run slower ball again, hit back to the bowler. Murtagh gets his right hand down on the ball and deflects it into the legside, they scamper the single;
4.2;1;Murtagh to Warner, 1 run pace off the ball from Murtagh, his stock ball. Gets in line and defends into the pitch;
4.1;?;Murtagh to Warner, no run;
4.1;1w;Murtagh to Warner, 1 wide yet another wide, been far too many of them from both sides today. Down the legside;
3.6;?;McCarthy to Khawaja, no run gets onto the front foot and defends the ball back down the pitch to the bowler;
3.5;1;McCarthy to Warner, 1 run late cuts the ball down to third man;
3.4;1;McCarthy to Khawaja, 1 run chance goes begging for Ireland! Looks to pull the ball into the legside and the ball flies high in the air. Chase runs in from long leg and the ball goes into his hands and back out of them. Ireland can't afford to drop any chances;
3.4;1w;McCarthy to Khawaja, 1 wide goes down the legside again, called wide;
3.3;?;McCarthy to Khawaja, no run clips the ball to the square leg fielder;
3.2;?;McCarthy to Khawaja, no run the first ball that beats the bat, fends at a ball outside off-stump and misses. Goes through to Wilson behind the stumps;
3.1;4;McCarthy to Khawaja, FOUR runs it's driven into the covers and bounces just before Terry at cover. Almost takes off his head as he ducks out of the way. Goes to the boundary;
2.6;1;Chase to Khawaja, 1 run Chase looks to go short and it doesn't bounce much off the wicket, Khawaja plays a late cut down to third man;
2.5;1;Chase to Warner, 1 run coming rounnd the wicket still doesn't stop the runs, Warner angles the bat and guides it down to third man;
2.4;4;Chase to Warner, FOUR runs yet another boundary ball from Chase, its wide of off stump and Warner bisects the fielders at point and cover to get the boundary;
2.3;?;Chase to Warner, no run waits for the ball and hits it out to the point fielder;
2.2;?;Chase to Warner, no run good length ball from Chase, Warner gets some bat on the ball and defends into the covers;
2.1;4;Chase to Warner, FOUR runs its a better ball from Chase but it still goes to the boundary. Its outside off-stump and Warner drives through the ball and it goes to the extra cover boundary;
1.6;?;McCarthy to Khawaja, no run it's full outside off-stump, Khawaja gets forward and hits the ball into the covers and its stopped by the fielder. Great start once again for Australia;
1.5;2;McCarthy to Khawaja, 2 runs Khawaja clips the ball past Dockrell at square leg, he has to chase the ball back and the runs keep on coming;
1.4;1;McCarthy to Warner, 1 run it's short and on legstump, Warner helps the ball on the way down to long leg for another run;
1.3;?;McCarthy to Warner, no run Warner clips the ball towards square leg again, Dockrell runs in quickly and stops the run;
1.2;?;McCarthy to Warner, no run much better ball from McCarthy, good length and the ball pops up. Warner gets in line and defends the ball back down the pitch;
1.1;2;McCarthy to Warner, 2 runs clips the ball off the pads, long way for the fielder to run and they get a second;
1.1;1w;McCarthy to Warner, 1 wide not with the first ball though, goes down the legside and it's a wide;
0.6;1;Chase to Warner, 1 run all the fielders are on the edge of the circle so Warner drops the ball into the off-side and takes off for the run. Clever thinking and 12 comes off that first over;
0.5;2;Chase to Warner, 2 runs Warner goes hard at the ball again and cuts it in the air past backward point. Poynter dives on the boundary to stop the ball;
0.4;4;Chase to Warner, FOUR runs it's another boundary, not as classy this time. It's short and wide and Warner slashes at the ball, goes to the third man boundary;
0.3;4;Chase to Warner, FOUR runs now that's a shot from Warner! Chase slants the ball across him and it's driven through extra cover and it races to the rope;
0.2;?;Chase to Warner, no run on legstump again and this time Warner can't get this one away and it goes to square leg;
0.1;1;Chase to Khawaja, 1 run well, that's not a good start from Chase. It's on legstump and it's clipped down to long leg;

Welcome back, Ireland know that they need wickets, so we should see some attacking fields. Australia need just under four an over. Chase to open the bowling
 Innings Start
Ireland
Australia
Ireland
Australia
Only ODI, Benoni, Sep 27 2016, Ireland tour of South Africa
198
199/1
Player of the match is Usman Khawaja, AUS
Australia won by 9 wickets (with 119 balls remaining)
