Data
5:00pm Right, then. Two ways of looking at this. Would South Africa have taken this at 52 for 3? Yes, probably. Would Australia have taken a target of 328 when the hosts were cruising along during that 178-stand between Duminy and Rossouw? Most definitely. That said, this has been a good comeback, considering 350. Joe Mennie can be proud of his efforts - 3 for 49 - on a surface that had very little for the bowlers. The series is gone, but nothing like a high voltage chase to bring the self-belief back. Join us in 40 minutes to see if Australia can pull one back.
49.6;1;Boland to Steyn, 1 run gets a thick inside edge off a wild slog, straight to deep square;
49.5;1;Boland to Rabada, 1 run squeezed to cover, excellent yorker on that occasion;
49.4;6;Boland to Rabada, SIX runs he's hit that into Durban or what? Length ball on middle, Rabada is down on one knee as he swings across to send that soaring way over the deep midwicket boundary. Wow;
49.3;1;Boland to Steyn, 1 run low full toss that has been swung across the line to deep midwicket;
49.2;4b;Boland to Steyn, 4 byes follows the batsman by spearing a yorker that cramps Steyn for room, but Wade, who is perhaps unsighted, makes a mess of that as it deflects to the fine leg boundary;
49.1;1;Boland to Rabada, 1 run drilled down to long-off, on the bounce to Finch. Struck that sweetly;
48.6;4;Tremain to Steyn, FOUR runs squirted over backward point. Looked to go over cover, but he still gets the desired result. The ball flew off a thick edge. Useful runs;
48.5;?;Tremain to Steyn, no run swing and a miss. Looked to back away and slap that over point;
48.4;W;Tremain to Abbott, OUT pokes at that without any conviction and the thick edge has been well taken by Wade, who dives full-length forward to complete the low catch. Third umpire was called for and replays only confirmed Wade's belief.;Kyle Abbott c ?Wade b Tremain 0 (3m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
48.4;1w;Tremain to Abbott, 1 wide rip roaring bouncer first up, Abbott sways out of the way but umpire deems it a little too high. Touched close to 140 clicks with that;
48.3;W;Tremain to Miller, OUT picks out Steven Smith at deep cover. Looked like he wanted to hit it to wide long-off but stiff breeze may have played part in him not hitting it where it wanted. It was a slower delivery too, which made it all the more tougher for Miller. Useful knock nonetheless;David Miller c Smith b Tremain 39 (46m 29b 4x4 0x6) SR: 134.48;
48.2;1lb;Tremain to Rabada, 1 leg bye nips back in to beat the inside edge and deflect off the pad to short third man;
48.1;?;Tremain to Rabada, no run hurried for pace by a short delivery on middle, he gets on top of the bounce and dabs it to the off side;
45.6;1;Head to Miller, 1 run punched down to long-off, sensible stuff;
45.5;1;Head to Phehlukwayo, 1 run stretches forward and eases it to cover for a quick single;
45.4;1;Head to Miller, 1 run drifting into the pads, wristed to wide long-on again;
45.3;1;Head to Phehlukwayo, 1 run worked with the angle to wide long-on;
45.2;?;Head to Phehlukwayo, no run slides one into middle from around the stumps, defended off the back foot;
45.1;?;Head to Phehlukwayo, no run fired full on off, pushed to cover;
44.6;?;Tremain to Miller, no run chopped to short third man again, too close to cut;
44.5;W;Tremain to Rossouw, OUT slogged across the line, and he's holed out to Mitch Marsh at long-on. It was the slower one which he didn't completely get underneath and only managed to skew it off the bottom half of the bat. He knew immediately that it wasn't timed well. Rossouw walks off to a round of applause, this has been a super knock;Rilee Rossouw c Marsh b Tremain 122 (156m 118b 14x4 2x6) SR: 103.38;
44.4;1;Tremain to Miller, 1 run pulled, this time in front of square to Finch at deep midwicket;
44.3;?;Tremain to Miller, no run chopped to the keeper, wanted to guide it down to third man but the ball nipped back in a wee bit from length;
44.2;4;Tremain to Miller, FOUR runs short and he's helped it along into the deep backward square leg boundary. He'll pick those away even if he's woken up to play that in the middle of his sleep. It was sitting up nicely for him to execute it too.;
44.1;2;Tremain to Miller, 2 runs top effort by Zampa at third man to cut that off. Miller got down low and opened the bat face late to squeeze that full delivery into the gap;
47.6;1;Boland to Rabada, 1 run low full toss, eased down to long-off;
47.5;W;Boland to Phehlukwayo, OUT super delivery. Death rattle. This is full and straight on middle, he looks to back away and squeeze that behind point but the ball clattered into the stumps off a very fine inside-edge.;Andile Phehlukwayo b Boland 11 (14m 9b 0x4 1x6) SR: 122.22;
47.4;1;Boland to Miller, 1 run squeezed to long-off this time;
47.3;4;Boland to Miller, FOUR runs helped into the fine leg boundary. Short delivery down leg and Miller just flicked that nonchalantly behind square;
47.2;1;Boland to Phehlukwayo, 1 run drilled down to long-on. Much fuller this time from the bowler;
47.1;6;Boland to Phehlukwayo, SIX runs he's clobbered that into the stands at deep midwicket. He set himself for that biff and the short ball merely aided him as he swung across the line to generate the power;
46.6;1;Tremain to Phehlukwayo, 1 run nips back in from outside off, deflected down to third man;
46.5;1;Tremain to Miller, 1 run short and wide outside off, bunted wide of cover;
46.5;1w;Tremain to Miller, 1 wide another back-of-the-hand slower one that goes horribly wrong and slips outside the side line. Keeper collects on the bounce;
46.4;2;Tremain to Miller, 2 runs back-of-the-hand slower delivery that has been slapped into the gap at deep extra cover, Travis Head with a sliding stop. If he was hoping for some relief after all that bowling, not to be;
46.3;2;Tremain to Miller, 2 runs brilliant effort by Zampa at third man keeps that to two. Got a thick edge off a wild swing, he wanted to hit it over cover but it was a slower delivery as well, which meant he had to generate all the power;
46.2;1;Tremain to Phehlukwayo, 1 run eased down to third man for an easy single;
46.1;1;Tremain to Miller, 1 run sliced to point, but Bailey can only half-stop that to concede a single;
43.6;?;Head to Rossouw, no run uppish and straight to the man at the edge of the circle at cover;
43.5;1;Head to Miller, 1 run steps out, the bowler fires it into the pads, worked to deep square;
43.4;4;Head to Miller, FOUR runs uppish but over the top to find the fence in the deep. It was fired full and flat outside off, Rossouw backed away to free his arms and smear that into the gap;
43.3;1;Head to Rossouw, 1 run backs away to steer that one towards deep point;
43.2;1;Head to Miller, 1 run steps out and turns it across the line to square leg;
43.1;2;Head to Miller, 2 runs gets a thick inside edge down to long-on even as he tries to go inside-out over cover, the fielder was caught napping an they scamper back for the second. Smith won't be pleased;
42.6;2;Marsh to Rossouw, 2 runs bowler floats it full and wide outside off, batsman reaches out to squeeze that behind point;
42.5;1;Marsh to Miller, 1 run punches a length ball on the up to sweeper cover;
42.4;1;Marsh to Rossouw, 1 run another wild swing but can only toe-end it down to long-on;
42.3;1;Marsh to Miller, 1 run digs one in short, swivels back and helps it down to fine leg;
42.2;?;Marsh to Miller, no run swing and a miss. Floated at length outside off, he stepped out to go inside-out over cover, but played too early. Perhaps gave away his intention quickly too;
42.1;1;Marsh to Rossouw, 1 run gets a thick inside edge to short fine, it was an attempted biff over deep midwicket;
41.6;1;Head to Rossouw, 1 run paddles that, but the ball flies off a top-edge, fortunately no one positioned straight behind the wicketkeeper;
41.5;1;Head to Miller, 1 run tossed up on middle, worked across the line towards deep midwicket;
41.4;1;Head to Rossouw, 1 run punched to deep midwicket;
41.3;2b;Head to Rossouw, 2 byes missed the flick, the keeper was blinded too and it runs down towards fine leg;
41.2;?;Head to Rossouw, no run slapped to cover where Smith dives to is right to pull off a one-handed stop;
41.1;1;Head to Miller, 1 run turned with the angle to deep midwicket;
40.6;4;Mennie to Rossouw, FOUR runs backs away and pierces a packed off side field. Short third man and point were in place to prevent the slash, but to no avail as he freed his arms and picked the gap;
40.5;1;Mennie to Miller, 1 run leading edge flies down to third man again. Closed the bat face early and saw the ball get big on him;
40.4;4;Mennie to Miller, FOUR runs teaser for third man, but he had no chance on this fast outfield. Deft little touch from Miller. Not known for it, maybe he surprised himself. Superbly done;
40.3;1;Mennie to Rossouw, 1 run worked off his hip to midwicket, they chance a risky single and get it;
40.2;1;Mennie to Miller, 1 run dabbed wide of point for an easy single;
40.1;?;Mennie to Miller, no run shapes to pull but the ball keeps low to beat him to the stroke and thud into the thigh;
39.6;?;Boland to Rossouw, no run shimmies down again, Boland drops short and Rossouw flat-bats his slap to cover;
39.5;4;Boland to Rossouw, FOUR runs that deserved to go, good shot selection too. Short down leg, sits up for Rossouw to pull to the deep square leg boundary. Head gets across but can't pull it in;
39.4;?;Boland to Rossouw, no run wild swing. Rossouw still has an important role here. Lots of overs still. Short outside off, Rossouw comes down and swings, but misses;
39.3;2;Boland to Rossouw, 2 runs slower delivery outside off, dabbed down to third man from the crease.;
39.2;?;Boland to Rossouw, no run advances again, Boland goes short again but with more fury and annoyance. Forces Rossouw out of the stroke;
39.1;4;Boland to Rossouw, FOUR runs slapped for four. Easy for Rossouw. He shimmies down, a natural improvisation from the bowler to drop short and Rossouw pummels his slap past mid-off. Great batting;
38.6;?;Mennie to Miller, no run good length outside off, played down to point;
38.5;1;Mennie to Rossouw, 1 run gets it this time. Fist-pumping his way to the other end. Delight, joy, exhilaration. Another quality innings from Rossouw. A short delivery is pulled to deep square leg to get to his 3rd ODI ton, a serious knock this. And under pressure too. Complete transfer of momentum;
38.4;?;Mennie to Rossouw, no run well bowled, 130 kph. Bouncer on off, Rossouw sways out of the line. Well played too, a good ball is allowed to be kept out;
38.3;1;Mennie to Miller, 1 run shortish delivery down leg, nudged down to fine leg. Attacking those ribs, Miller upto it;
38.2;W;Mennie to Duminy, OUT out! Soft dismissal. Duminy falls. A rather selfless stroke. Full and wide outside off, Duminy wanted to open the face to drive towards deep cover in order to get Rossouw back on strike. Instead, carves a ball to backward point because the ball is too wide to fetch and hit that much in front of square. Quality, quality knock from JP. Hardly mis-hit a ball;Jean-Paul Duminy c Bailey b Mennie 73 (109m 75b 8x4 0x6) SR: 97.33;
38.1;1;Mennie to Rossouw, 1 run 131 kph, full outside off, crisply driven to long-off to move to 99;
37.6;?;Boland to Duminy, no run another cutter on off, pushed away towards cover;
37.5;?;Boland to Duminy, no run slow on middle, worked into the leg side;
37.5;1w;Boland to Duminy, 1 wide wide called. Bouncer on off, Duminy sways out of the line. A tad too high feels the square leg umpire;
37.4;1;Boland to Rossouw, 1 run nudged towards short fine leg, slowish delivery down leg;
37.3;?;Boland to Rossouw, no run short and wide outside off, hit on the up but straight to cover;
37.2;?;Boland to Rossouw, no run Rossouw advances, Boland sees it early, shortens the length and forces Rossouw to bail out of the stroke;
37.1;1;Boland to Duminy, 1 run short and wide outside off, 137 kph. Played away to deep point.;
36.6;1;Mennie to Duminy, 1 run good length outside off, 130 kph. Dabbed down to third man;
36.5;1;Mennie to Rossouw, 1 run full on middle and off, Rossouw opens his stance slightly and drives to long-off. One closer;
36.4;?;Mennie to Rossouw, no run good length on middle, blocked;
36.3;1;Mennie to Duminy, 1 run overpitched on middle, beautifully driven to long-on. Straight face;
36.2;?;Mennie to Duminy, no run full outside off, pushed to cover;
36.1;4lb;Mennie to Duminy, 4 leg byes good length down leg, Duminy misses his flick but the ball pings off the pad and ricochets away for four leg byes;
35.6;1;Marsh to Duminy, 1 run shortish on off, 135 kph. Pulled to deep square leg, rolled his wrists on that to keep it down;
35.5;1;Marsh to Rossouw, 1 run short and wide outside off, more tripe. Scythed to deep cover.;
35.4;?;Marsh to Rossouw, no run bouncer on off, Rossouw gets underneath that. Good change-up from Marsh;
35.3;1;Marsh to Duminy, 1 run good length outside off, steered down to third man. Very nice from JP;
35.2;1;Marsh to Rossouw, 1 run full on off, driven to long-off;
35.1;4;Marsh to Rossouw, FOUR runs picked the length early, gets it and latches onto the short delivery. Drops short at medium pace, Rossouw pulls it emphatically, played it early to get it in front of square. Marsh has been awful today;
34.6;?;Tremain to Duminy, no run short delivery, another bouncer. Duminy gets under that. Another superb over for SA;
34.5;1;Tremain to Rossouw, 1 run 137 kph, fullish outside off. Driven down to long-off;
34.4;2;Tremain to Rossouw, 2 runs well run, good length down leg, nudged towards backward square. Played that with soft hands, enabling them to get back for two;
34.3;1;Tremain to Duminy, 1 run bouncer on off and middle, pulled towards square leg;
34.2;4;Tremain to Duminy, FOUR runs oh my. Things are going from worse to unbearable. Full outside off, driven straight to mid-off. Duminy calls for one immediately. Mennie is quick to the ball, but lifts his eyes while collecting and the ball goes straight through. And to the boundary. Raucous, sarcastic cheers.;
34.1;4;Tremain to Duminy, FOUR runs superb batting from JP. Gets an offcutter on middle and leg, JP rushes down, meets the ball and lofts it over mid-on with nonchalant ease.;
33.6;?;Marsh to Rossouw, no run 128 kph, good length outside off. Pushed to cover;
33.5;?;Marsh to Rossouw, no run good length on middle and leg, kept out;
33.4;4;Marsh to Rossouw, FOUR runs pulled to the long-off boundary. This is how much modern batting has improved. Shortish length outside off, Rossouw shimmied down looking to go over midwicket. Wasn't close to playing that shot, so he drilled it down to long-off with unbelievable timing;
33.3;1;Marsh to Duminy, 1 run good length outside off, chopped down to third man with the angled bat;
33.2;?;Marsh to Duminy, no run full and straight, 133 kph. Nudged away towards midwicket;
33.1;1;Marsh to Rossouw, 1 run good length outside off, slapped to deep cover. Timing is superlative. Cracked that straight to the fielder;
32.6;?;Tremain to Duminy, no run low full toss on middle and leg, some swing in the air. Drilled to mid-on. Just one off the over, exceptional over;
32.5;1;Tremain to Rossouw, 1 run fullish on middle and leg, Rossouw wanted to go straight but skewed the ball to deep square leg instead;
32.4;?;Tremain to Rossouw, no run good length on middle, pushed towards cover. Very good lines these, not giving Rossouw anything. Pressure building;
32.3;?;Tremain to Rossouw, no run good length on middle, Rossouw has had enough of plodding about. Wants to open his arms but can only pat it back to midwicket;
32.2;?;Tremain to Rossouw, no run yorker on off, goes wide of the crease. 134 kph. Jammed out;
32.1;?;Tremain to Rossouw, no run good length on middle, nice lines. Blocked back;
31.6;?;Marsh to Duminy, no run fuller than a good length on off and middle. Defended to cover;
31.5;?;Marsh to Duminy, no run 136 kph, full on off. Driven to cover.;
31.4;?;Marsh to Duminy, no run 133 kph, fullish length on off from around the wicket. Driven back, cramping JP for room;
31.3;1;Marsh to Rossouw, 1 run good length outside off, 136 kph. Punched to long-off. Rossouw seems to have settled down nicely, very nicely;
31.2;1;Marsh to Duminy, 1 run overpitched outside off, steered in the gap to sweeper cover;
31.1;?;Marsh to Duminy, no run good length on off, nice and tight around off. Duminy plays it by his feet.;
30.6;?;Head to Rossouw, no run nudged to midwicket;
30.5;?;Head to Rossouw, no run another darter on off, Rossouw looks to cut and he inside edges towards the keeper. No spin, too close to cut;
30.4;1;Head to Duminy, 1 run shortish on off, slapped to deep point from the crease;
30.3;4;Head to Duminy, FOUR runs tripe from Head. Flat down leg, Duminy sweeps past past short fine leg. All he had to do was get some bat on that, and it races away past the fielder;
30.2;1;Head to Rossouw, 1 run tossed up on leg, drilled to long-on;
30.1;1;Head to Duminy, 1 run flight from Head outside off, Duminy drives with the spin to long-off;
29.6;1;Zampa to Duminy, 1 run wrong'un on middle, punched to long-on;
29.5;?;Zampa to Duminy, no run looks to biff that across the line but is made to reach out, hit straight to cover instead;
29.4;?;Zampa to Duminy, no run flatter one on middle and leg, tucked to square leg;
29.3;1;Zampa to Rossouw, 1 run driven across the line to long-off;
29.2;?;Zampa to Rossouw, no run thick inside-edge back down the pitch as he shapes to drive;
29.1;1;Zampa to Duminy, 1 run worked down the ground towards long-on. JP is back with a crucial knock;
28.6;1;Head to Duminy, 1 run drops it gently towards backward point for a quick single;
28.6;1w;Head to Duminy, 1 wide fires one down leg, well stopped by the keeper;
28.5;1;Head to Rossouw, 1 run slapped to cover, where Smith dives full length to his left to half-stop that and deflect that to long-off. Saved three runs;
28.4;1;Head to Duminy, 1 run drifter into middle and leg, he looks to play down the ground but the ball rolls off a thick inside edge to deep midwicket;
28.3;1;Head to Rossouw, 1 run punched down to long-on as they jog the single;
28.2;?;Head to Rossouw, no run can't get any bat on that attempted tickle down leg side, hit on the pad;
28.1;1;Head to Duminy, 1 run slow turn from middle, eased wide of cover;
27.6;2;Zampa to Rossouw, 2 runs mistimes a slog but still manages to pinch the gap between deep midwicket and long-on;
27.5;1;Zampa to Duminy, 1 run shapes to pull but the ball cuts back in to cramp him for room, bunted to long-on through a short-arm jab;
27.4;1;Zampa to Rossouw, 1 run touch short, whipped to deep midwicket;
27.3;1;Zampa to Duminy, 1 run makes a bit of room and crunches the short ball towards deep cover;
27.2;1;Zampa to Rossouw, 1 run squeezed down to long-off. Too full, he looked to hit it past cover;
27.1;?;Zampa to Rossouw, no run leans forward and deadbats that tossed up delivery on middle;
26.6;?;Mennie to Duminy, no run drops it gently behind square on the off side, point runs to his right to cut that off;
26.6;1w;Mennie to Duminy, 1 wide gets the direction of that short delivery wrong, well down the leg side as Duminy misses the pull;
26.5;2;Mennie to Duminy, 2 runs uppish but into the gap between deep square and fine leg. He used the depth of the crease to whip that;
26.4;1;Mennie to Rossouw, 1 run stands tall and punches it down to long-off;
26.3;?;Mennie to Rossouw, no run this time he toe-ends an attempted pull over midwicket. Cry of anguish from the batsman. Played too early;
26.2;1;Mennie to Duminy, 1 run pulled in front of square as he rolls his wrists nicely, straight to deep square;
26.1;1;Mennie to Rossouw, 1 run low full toss outside off, drilled to sweeper cover;
25.6;1;Zampa to Rossouw, 1 run nurdled behind square again, too easy as they pinch another run;
25.5;1;Zampa to Duminy, 1 run tossed up outside leg stump, tucked to where a traditional square leg fielder would be, keeper runs across to cut that off;
25.4;1;Zampa to Rossouw, 1 run gets to the pitch of the ball and works it with the spin to long on;
25.3;6;Zampa to Rossouw, SIX runs that's gift which has been gleefully accepted. High full toss on middle and leg, he generated the power through his swing to deposit that deep into the stands at deep midwicket;
25.2;?;Zampa to Rossouw, no run gets a good stride in to defend that tossed up delivery;
25.1;1;Zampa to Duminy, 1 run tossed up on the pads, turned behind square leg;
25.1;1w;Zampa to Duminy, 1 wide gets it wrong, too short and down leg. Duminy looks to whip it fine but misses;
24.6;1;Mennie to Duminy, 1 run firm push to mid-off, who is a touch deep. Easiest of singles taken;
24.5;1;Mennie to Rossouw, 1 run touch and run. Bowler went across to stop that but the non-striker was off the blocks almost immediately after the batsman tapped it. That he had to run diagonally didn't hurt either;
24.4;4;Mennie to Rossouw, FOUR runs that has been blasted into the backward point boundary at the rate of knots. Sitting up nicely for him to open his wrists and slap that behind point. Super execution;
24.3;1;Mennie to Duminy, 1 run worked off his pad towards square leg;
24.2;?;Mennie to Duminy, no run gets forward and gently dabs the back of length delivery on middle and off;
24.1;2;Mennie to Duminy, 2 runs walks down the pitch and heaves a length ball across the line towards cow corner. It was the bigger boundary too, but he didn't get it anywhere near the middle. Finch did the mopping up;
23.6;2;Zampa to Rossouw, 2 runs drops it short again, Rossouw makes a bit of room and cracks that towards deep extra cover. The timing was just a wee bit off, but the placement was spot on again;
23.5;1;Zampa to Duminy, 1 run worked wide of midwicket for a quick single;
23.4;?;Zampa to Duminy, no run slow turn back in, but it was bowled full to aid Duminy's deadbat defense;
23.3;?;Zampa to Duminy, no run stretches forward and defends;
23.2;4;Zampa to Duminy, FOUR runs slider outside off, he stays back and cuts that behind point. Wasn't all that short, but the timing and placement was simply sensational;
23.1;2;Zampa to Duminy, 2 runs full toss on middle, worked to wide-long on Happy to chance the second and it looks like they'e back for it quite comfortably. Rossouw dished in a full-length dive to complete it.;
22.6;1;Tremain to Duminy, 1 run stays inside the crease and opens the bat face late to run it down for an easy single;
22.5;1;Tremain to Rossouw, 1 run slashes and gets a thick edge down to third man;
22.4;?;Tremain to Rossouw, no run walks across the stumps to turn that away-going delivery to midwicket;
22.3;?;Tremain to Rossouw, no run dabbed to the man coming in from point;
22.2;4;Tremain to Rossouw, FOUR runs short and punished. There's a big, big gap at deep square leg and he's pulled him imperiously. The attempted bouncer gone wrong as he rolled his wrists superbly to get the placement right;
22.1;1;Tremain to Duminy, 1 run length ball on middle and leg, he hops across and tickles it down to fine leg;
21.6;1;Zampa to Duminy, 1 run slow turn from middle and leg, tucked behind square for an easy single;
21.5;?;Zampa to Duminy, no run flatter one on middle, punched back to the bowler;
21.4;1;Zampa to Rossouw, 1 run wayward this time, slides this down leg, flicked firmly towards deep square. Slips has he turns for the second, so stays put and soaks in the applause of the crowd. 8th ODI fifty;
21.3;1;Zampa to Duminy, 1 run steps out and works it with the spin to wide long-on. He saw the batsman advancing and dropped it shorter, but couldn't prevent the single;
21.2;1;Zampa to Rossouw, 1 run sliced to Finch at deep cover. He was looking to hit it over mid-off, but didn't get to the pitch of the ball. The ball drifted away as well as the bat face opened;
21.1;?;Zampa to Rossouw, no run starts off with a superbly tossed up delivery that draws Rossouw forward, he blocks with a straight bat;
20.6;?;Tremain to Duminy, no run stays back inside the crease and defends to the leg side;
20.5;1;Tremain to Rossouw, 1 run slower and fuller on middle, Rossouw gets an inside edge to the right of the keeper as he looks to tap and run;
20.4;?;Tremain to Rossouw, no run floats it full on the pads, flicked straight to midwicket;
20.3;?;Tremain to Rossouw, no run hint of away movement from the length area on middle, he doesn't get the kind of room he's looking for, ends up defending it straight to point. Looks like he wanted to run it down to third man;
20.2;1;Tremain to Duminy, 1 run gentle push off the back foot into the point region for a quick ingle;
20.1;1;Tremain to Rossouw, 1 run turns the back of length delivery on middle to square leg;
19.6;1;Head to Rossouw, 1 run sensible stuff. Boundary followed by a single as he taps it towards the man coming in from the edge of the circle at cover;
19.5;4;Head to Rossouw, FOUR runs width and he's hammered that into the cover boundary. Drags it short, enough width as well for Rossouw to rock back and slap that off the back foot. He'll crunch those for breakfast, lunch and dinner;
19.4;?;Head to Rossouw, no run plants forward and dabs the in-drifter to the off side;
19.3;?;Head to Rossouw, no run steered straight to backward point;
19.2;2;Head to Rossouw, 2 runs too easy again, full and wide outside off, makes a bit of room and drives inside-out into the gap at deep extra cover;
19.1;4;Head to Rossouw, FOUR runs there was a point and cover, but he opens up the off side and plays a delightful cover drive with the spin to pick the gap.;
18.6;?;Marsh to Duminy, no run leans forward and thumps an overpitched delivery straight to cover;
18.5;2;Marsh to Duminy, 2 runs check drive but boy, he's hit it superbly. Into the gap at deep extra cover. Not sure why he was apprehensive. The ball may have held up just a little, but he adjusted well. Good timing, better placement;
18.4;1;Marsh to Rossouw, 1 run drilled down the ground to long-off;
18.3;1;Marsh to Duminy, 1 run attempts to slap that on the up past cover but ends up chopping it wide of the keeper, who runs to his left and fires a throw at the bowler's end. Nearly took Mitch Marsh off with it;
18.2;1;Marsh to Rossouw, 1 run bangs this one it at length on middle and leg, Rossouw simply taps it gently to the off side and scoots across for a run. Mere eye contact and they were off.;
18.1;?;Marsh to Rossouw, no run punches a length ball straight to cover;
17.6;1;Head to Rossouw, 1 run gets to the pitch of the ball and works it down the ground to long-on;
17.5;1;Head to Duminy, 1 run drops it gently into the off side towards cover point for a quick single;
17.5;1w;Head to Duminy, 1 wide fires one into the pads, the direction is wrong. Duminy misses a fine paddle too;
17.4;?;Head to Duminy, no run gives it generous flight and lands it on middle, driven with the spin to cover;
17.3;1;Head to Rossouw, 1 run too full on the pads, worked with the angle to deep midwicket, 100 up for the hosts;
17.2;?;Head to Rossouw, no run plays a delicate little dab to point;
17.1;?;Head to Rossouw, no run picks the length early and rocks back to cut, can't split the field on the off side, straight to point;
16.6;1;Marsh to Rossouw, 1 run nurdles it behind square leg for a quick sigle;
16.5;6;Marsh to Rossouw, SIX runs clears his front leg and hammers that into the wide long-on boundary. That isn't to say it was a slog. It was a shimmy down the pitch, didn't get to the pitch alright, but he still went through with the bat to muscle that over the ropes. Top hit;
16.4;?;Marsh to Rossouw, no run firm drive but straight to the skipper at extra cover;
16.3;?;Marsh to Rossouw, no run floats a full delivery into middle and leg, he plays back to a delivery he could have pushed forward, no damage done in the end;
16.2;1;Marsh to Duminy, 1 run some inward movement from around the stumps, dabbed gently towards where a short third man would be;
16.1;1;Marsh to Rossouw, 1 run hit on the up, just past George Bailey at short cover. Mitch Marsh can't believe his luck;
15.6;?;Head to Duminy, no run loopy delivery on middle stump, tapped gently to the off side. Steady over;
15.5;1;Head to Rossouw, 1 run turns it with the angle to the man at short fine leg;
15.4;?;Head to Rossouw, no run eased with the spin to long-off;
15.3;1;Head to Duminy, 1 run driven with the spin to long-off;
15.2;?;Head to Duminy, no run floats it full on middle, Duminy gets a good stride forward to defend it back to the bowler;
15.1;1;Head to Rossouw, 1 run drifting into the pads, tucked behind square leg for a quick single;
15.1;1w;Head to Rossouw, 1 wide slides one down the leg side, keeper does well to half-stop that;
14.6;?;Mennie to Duminy, no run good length on middle, blocked;
14.5;4;Mennie to Duminy, FOUR runs lovely shot. A decent change-up. Short on off, Duminy rolls his wrists, gets over the ball and places it perfectly behind square.;
14.4;?;Mennie to Duminy, no run good length on off, no room for Duminy and so all he can do is defend into the off side;
14.3;?;Mennie to Duminy, no run 137 kph, Mennie has been good today. Very tight around off, defended;
14.2;?;Mennie to Duminy, no run good length on middle, 131 kph. Solidly blocked. Well played;
14.1;?;Mennie to Duminy, no run good length outside off, 130 kph. Left alone nicely;
13.6;4;Marsh to Rossouw, FOUR runs four more! 17 off Marsh's first. Too full on off. Rossouw belts his straight drive past the stumps. Holds his pose and he gets four.;
13.5;1;Marsh to Duminy, 1 run sloppy! Awful stuff from Australia. Full outside off, pushed to short cover. Somehow, he lets it go through and concedes the run;
13.4;4;Marsh to Duminy, FOUR runs rubbish. A low full toss outside off, Duminy stays in his crease and then carves the full toss into the ground and then over point;
13.3;4;Marsh to Duminy, FOUR runs through again, four more. Good length outside off, Duminy plays this on the up. Gets it through the gap at cover. Short cover and extra cover left sprawling by perfect placement;
13.2;?;Marsh to Duminy, no run still too full, brought this closer to off through. Driven to the man at cover;
13.1;4;Marsh to Duminy, FOUR runs oh yes. Another superb drive. Marsh starts it with a freebie, full and wide outside off. Duminy laces his cover drive past extra cover. Too much width, too full. Just easy, even for a batsman playing his first ball;
12.6;?;Mennie to Rossouw, no run looking to hit that too hard. 121 kph, slower delivery outside off. Rossouw wanted to muscle that past mid-on but skewed his stroke to mid-on from the inside half of his bat;
12.5;?;Mennie to Rossouw, no run good length outside off, quietly played into the off side;
12.4;?;Mennie to Rossouw, no run good length on off, pushed away towards mid-on;
12.3;4;Mennie to Rossouw, FOUR runs oh my. Another sensational stroke. Too full on off, Rossouw stays forward, gets the length and then just presens the full face to time his drive through mid-off. Beautiful;
12.2;?;Mennie to Rossouw, no run walks across to clip through square leg. The fielder sprints to his left to cut it off;
12.1;4;Mennie to Rossouw, FOUR runs overpitched from Mennie. From around the wicket, bowls it full outside off. Rossouw strides forward and hits his cover drive into the ground, whistles away over cover;
11.6;1;Boland to Rossouw, 1 run good length on middle and leg, 131 kph. Nudged away into the leg side, towards wide mid-on;
11.5;?;Boland to Rossouw, no run good length towards off. Punched from the back foot to mid-on;
11.4;?;Boland to Rossouw, no run good length on off, 135.6 kph. Nudged towards square leg;
11.3;?;Boland to Rossouw, no run 134 kph, overpitched outside off. Driven to mid-off;
11.2;?;Boland to Rossouw, no run good comeback. Good length outside off, tapped towards backward point;
11.1;4;Boland to Rossouw, FOUR runs ooh, mis-field. Very un-Australian. Full and wide outside off, too much width. Rossouw thrashes his drive straight to extra cover who lets it go through. Trav Head;
10.6;W;Mennie to du Plessis, OUT another one! Faf troubled with some nagging lines attempts an exuberant lofted drive, but the ball pitches on off and moves back in. Not prodigious but enough and beats Faf's inside edge and take the top of off and middle. Faf undone by pressure and the movement, both equally responsible for the wicket;Faf du Plessis b Mennie 11 (22m 17b 2x4 0x6) SR: 64.7;
10.5;?;Mennie to du Plessis, no run 132 kph, good length outside off, patted into the off side. Really good bowling now. Not giving away much;
10.4;?;Mennie to du Plessis, no run 133 kph, overpitched on off. Yorker almost. Jammed out to mid-on;
10.3;?;Mennie to du Plessis, no run shortish outside off, 129 kph. Brings it back in. Slapped to cover, improperly timed;
10.2;?;Mennie to du Plessis, no run 131 kph, good length on off. Dabbed down to backward point. Nagging away are these Aus bowlers now;
10.1;?;Mennie to du Plessis, no run 129 kph, good length on middle. Pushed down to mid-on. Better line;
9.6;?;Boland to Rossouw, no run nicely played. Good length outside off, 133 kph. Hit on the up to extra cover;
9.5;?;Boland to Rossouw, no run 135 kph, good length on off. Rossouw runs down and hits it back to the bowler;
9.4;1;Boland to du Plessis, 1 run good length outside off, 132 kph. Steered down to third man;
9.3;?;Boland to du Plessis, no run 134 kph, good lines. Closer to outside off and full. Faf tries to force his drive, opened up his stance a touch. Into the ground and to short cover;
9.2;?;Boland to du Plessis, no run good length outside off, blocked into the off side;
9.1;4;Boland to du Plessis, FOUR runs another on-drive. 132 kph, great shot. Just too full, too straight. Faf punches his straight drive, again, the bottom hand gets it past his partner and for four;
8.6;4;Mennie to Rossouw, FOUR runs nope, that was overpitched. Too full on off, a simple opportunity for Rossouw to on-drive past mid-on. Superlative timing;
8.5;?;Mennie to Rossouw, no run 127 kph, quite close to off. Pushed to mid-on. Not extracting a lot of movement, the lines are good enough to keep the batsmen circumspect;
8.4;1;Mennie to du Plessis, 1 run good length outside of, opens the face of his bat and angles this down to third man. Nice.;
8.3;?;Mennie to du Plessis, no run 135 kph, overpitched on off. Driven to mid-off. It's not wide so it's not a bad delivery;
8.2;?;Mennie to du Plessis, no run oh beaut! Good length outside off, the ball moves away and beats the bat. Faf is left hanging his bat out;
8.1;?;Mennie to du Plessis, no run good length outside off, 129 kph. Dabbed down to point. Nice lines, Mennie has been spot on;
7.6;?;Boland to Rossouw, no run overpitched outside off, 134 kph, sweetly driven to cover. Can't find the gap;
7.5;?;Boland to Rossouw, no run 132 kph, fullish on off, solidly kept out;
7.4;?;Boland to Rossouw, no run good length outside off, not much swing. Rossouw thinks pf playing it, but withdraws late;
7.3;1;Boland to du Plessis, 1 run good call. Drags the length back, full on middle and leg. But not overpitched. Pushed towards mid-on with soft hands, calls "yes, yes" immediately.;
7.2;4;Boland to du Plessis, FOUR runs oh yeah. Superb. Slightly overpitched on middle and leg, easy enough to present the full face of the bat and use his bottom hand to get it past mid-on. Races away.;
7.1;?;Boland to du Plessis, no run suddenly, the lines are impeccable. Good length outside off, the ball comes back in. Du Plessis leaves, a tight leave;
6.6;?;Mennie to Rossouw, no run 132 kph, fullish on off. Nice lines. Pushed to cover. Wicket maiden. Sensational over.;
6.5;?;Mennie to Rossouw, no run good length on off, solid in defense. Head over the ball;
6.4;W;Mennie to Amla, OUT big, big wicket. Mennie goes through Amla and the stumps are sent cartwheeling. What a beauty. Not sure Amla could do anything about that. Mennie goes wide of the crease, pitches this on off and middle. like most deliveries today, Amla thinks this is coming back in. but it pitches and straightens and beats Amla's flick to clatter into off stump. To beat a batsman like Amla with a bit of swing, that's a special delivery.;Hashim Amla b Mennie 25 (27m 22b 5x4 0x6) SR: 113.63;
6.3;?;Mennie to Amla, no run 130.6 kph, good length on off and middle. Blocked;
6.2;?;Mennie to Amla, no run a big appeal, 130 kph. Thigh pad says the umpire. Good length down leg, Amla walks off and misses a simple nudge. He wouldn't normally miss those;
6.1;?;Mennie to Amla, no run nice. 135 kph, full and straight. Nudged towards square leg;
5.6;W;Boland to de Kock, OUT gone! Exactly where Australia should have been bowling from the start. Pushes it slightly wider, a full length on a fourth/fifth-stump line. De Kock's intention is to score and so pushes at it with hard hands. All he succeeds in doing is chipping a catch to short cover, brought there due to the lack of swing. Against the run of play;Quinton de Kock c Marsh b Boland 12 (23m 18b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
5.5;?;Boland to de Kock, no run good length on off, de Kock works to short fine leg. An ODI stroke;
5.4;?;Boland to de Kock, no run ah, a dot ball to de Kock. Why? Because it's fullish and wide outside off. Better line to de Kock, driven to mid-off;
5.3;1;Boland to Amla, 1 run much better. Full on off and middle, Amla bunts the ball through mid-off for an atypically quick run;
5.2;4;Boland to Amla, FOUR runs 135 kph, this is not good bowling. Not good at all. Half-volley outside off, Amla opens the face and times his drive through extra cover.;
5.1;1;Boland to de Kock, 1 run yet again, so easy for de Kock. Just nudge a leg side delivery through square leg to get one;
4.6;1;Tremain to de Kock, 1 run another single through square leg. 127 kph. Nice lines to finish;
4.5;1;Tremain to Amla, 1 run not a bad change-up. The 127 bouncer on off is too slow to trouble Amla, who has enough time to use his technique to get on top of the bounce and rolls his wrists to find one to deep square leg;
4.4;?;Tremain to Amla, no run okay, can't do much about that. Acceptable. Good length slightly outside off, a nice line to Amla. Sweetly-timed to mid-off;
4.3;1;Tremain to de Kock, 1 run better. Closer to off, on a good length. Worked to fine leg, playing it well de Kock.;
4.2;1;Tremain to Amla, 1 run still the inexperience showing. Not a bad ball to most batsmen, but it is to Amla, who shuffles across and whips a length delivery on off and middle through square leg;
4.1;4;Tremain to Amla, FOUR runs a half-volley. Australia's inexperienced seamers are showing it. Simple for a class batsman to just caress his drive through cover. Tear-your-hair out bowling.;
3.6;?;Boland to de Kock, no run an appeal is quickly withdrawn. Good length on middle and leg. pitched outside leg. De Kock misses a routine flick;
3.5;?;Boland to de Kock, no run better I would say. Full on off, a bit of late away movement. Still, de Kock tries to work it through midwicket but that late swing is responsible for a skew to mid-off;
3.4;?;Boland to de Kock, no run fullish on off, pushed into the off side;
3.3;1;Boland to Amla, 1 run tip and run. Full, coming back in towards off. Amla plays it through gully for one;
3.2;4;Boland to Amla, FOUR runs superb. Full on a fifth-stump line. Amla shuffles across, waits for it and then slices the ball almost by opening the face discernibly late. Gets the gap at point, gets four. All class;
3.1;1;Boland to de Kock, 1 run 139 kph, down leg. An easy whip off the pad through deep square leg. Keeping it along the ground, good from de Kock. Played an awful stroke last match, easy to get away with it in the Highveld, not in port Elizabeth or here.;
2.6;?;Tremain to Amla, no run too wide outside off this time, not great bowling. A half-volley outside off is pummelled to cover. Lucky to get away with that;
2.5;1;Tremain to de Kock, 1 run tapped into the leg side, an apparent plan to keep it straight but I disagree with this process. These two too strong on the pads;
2.4;1;Tremain to Amla, 1 run good length on off, not a bad ball but Amla manufactures a run by working it through square leg.;
2.3;4;Tremain to Amla, FOUR runs there goes with the inconsistency. Amla waits for the straight delivery, gets it and then whips it off through midwicket with an ease only he can procure. Races away, quick outfield;
2.2;?;Tremain to Amla, no run oh my. What a shot. 129 kph, overpitched on off. Crisply driven to mid-off with the full face of the bat;
2.1;3;Tremain to de Kock, 3 runs too straight again, easily worked past mid-on. Finch hurtles back from mid-on and puts i a boundary-saving dive. Nice work from Finch. Cannot bowl there though. Just easy for Qdk;
1.6;?;Boland to Amla, no run good comeback. gets it straighter, towards off on a good length. Amla takes his bottom hand off as he defends, some extra bounce;
1.5;4;Boland to Amla, FOUR runs delectable. This one is timed to perfection. A very similar delivery to the second one, shortish and wide. Amla stays back, all his wight on the back foot and just times his square cut through point.;
1.4;?;Boland to Amla, no run better, 132 kph. Good length on off, may have come back in slightly. Worked to square leg, using those wrists;
1.3;?;Boland to Amla, no run no, cannot be there. Poor delivery, short and wide outside off. Amla goes back, late transfer of weight onto the back foot but misses his cut.;
1.2;?;Boland to Amla, no run hmm, 132 kph. Good length outside off, Amla goes back to try and punch through cover. He mis-times to mid-on. Early signs of a slow surface? Amla rarely mis-hits;
1.1;1;Boland to de Kock, 1 run superb run. 131.7 kph, nagging line on off. De Kock plays it with soft hands, by his feet. Calls Amla through, who responds positive. An easy single. Real quality that;
0.6;?;Tremain to Amla, no run superb end. 135.6 kph, fullish on off. Amla stays in his crease and defends with head over ball;
0.5;1;Tremain to de Kock, 1 run 131.4 kph, full on off. Not a bad line, not a bad length. Yet, de Kock strides forward and shovels to midwicket. Such a strong bottom hand;
0.4;?;Tremain to de Kock, no run 129 kph, full and wide outside off. Rather be here than straight. Driven to mid-off;
0.3;2;Tremain to de Kock, 2 runs too straight this time, full and straight. De Kock will pick those off all day, all night. Clipped through the vacant midwicket region. To both these batsmen, the top-of-off line should be more outside off.;
0.2;?;Tremain to de Kock, no run this was overpitched. Pushing it fuller to invite some swing. none in the air, none off the pitch. The result a sweet on-drive back to the bowler;
0.1;?;Tremain to de Kock, no run good start from Tremain. Full, but not overpitched. Slightly wide, drawing de Kock forward. No movement and solidly blocked.;

1.29pm Picturesque Newlands. It's been a while. Should be a belter. Quinton de Kock and Hashim Amla. Quinny will take the bowling. The awkward action of Tremain will start. A deep square leg in place. Fine leg is up.
1.25pm Alistair: "Strong selection for SA. Who would you leave out if AB was fit?" AB! Just kidding, maybe Rossouw?
Stuart: "First job for SA done and dusted. Win the toss and bat. 25 of the 36 ODI's played at Newlands have been won by the team batting first."
shaf: "Risking Steyn to get a whitewash before the test series? Insanity!" Shows how much it means.
Andre Smith: "Hashim scores a 100 every 5th game and his last 100 was 5 games ago... And in this game we probably have our strongest bowling attack available (Sorry Shamsi). I put my money on 5-0! #ProteaFire!"
Saurabh : "Aussies have been so dominant for past 2 decades that it would be sweet to see them go down 5-0. I guess everyone, except Aus, would be rooting for SA. Go saffas go! "
Tommy: "Damn, pity Shamsi didnt get another bowl. Really good to watch."
1.00pm South Africa won the toss and chose to bat
David Miller, Imran Tahir, Steyn and Rabada return. Tabraiz Shamsi, Behardien, Pretorius and Phangiso have been left out.
Just the one change for Australia, Joe Mennie has been brought in for John Hastings
South Africa: De Kock, Amla, Du Plessis, Rossouw, Duminy, Miller, Phehlukwayo, Rabada, Abbott, Steyn and Tahir
12.40pm Can't wait for this to kick off. Firstly, a D/N at Newlands and with Australia on the mat, this could be feisty, it could get hot. Cap'n Faf du Plessis has been particularly pleased with the intensity that SA have shown in this series. Just FYI, it's another gorgeous, stunning afternoon in this series.
Sudir Dev: "Is AUS the only team not been whitewashed in a 5 match ODI series? Apart from SA and PAK I remember all other teams being whitewashed atleast once!!" I'll try and find out. Till then, here's the preview.
KL: "Whitewash everywhere. India-Newzealand, Pakistan-West Indies, now possibly South Africa-Australia. Only Bangladesh is creating a decider game in ODIs in their games. Cricket is awesome :D" When was it not?
Bastian: "Ni Nikhil, do you know, will Khawaja be playing today? " Won't be long before we all know.
Stiaan: "I, as a Saffer, struggled to believe that we can pull this off without AB, but this team proved me (and a million other fans) wrong! So proud of the boys! Now for the knock-out punch!"
12.30pm The last time Australia were whitewashed in a five-match series was ... umm never. An arguably beleaguered South Africa side has shown the way to bat, to chase, to bowl in ODIs in South Africa. As a result, they have a chance to create history and become the first side ever to whitewash Australia in a five-match series.
One of the best places in the world to play, Cape Town, could be witness to this rare feat. The last time South Africa played an ODI here was when AB de Villiers produced a masterclass to complete South Africa's comeback from 2-0 down against England. He ain't here today. But Dale Steyn and Kagiso Rabada could return after being rested for the previous game. At the expense of?
Baasil: "Hoping Uzzie gets a chance today should come in for finch or head."
Enamul: "I love #Amla" Me too.
 Innings Start
9.35pm Fourth clean sweep for South Africa in a five-match series, the first time they're achieving this feat against Australia. For a long time, this looked like a contest between David Warner and South Africa. But Warner's dismissal for 173 hastened the end for the visitors. That the hosts put themselves in this position was largely due to a 178-run stand between Duminy and Rossouw, who made a sparkling century. Then Tahir came into his own with some magical legspin to help ride a patchy fielding effort. What a start to the summer for South Africa
Steven Smith: Phenomenal from Davey. The rest of us didn't stand up. This has been a toughs series, we have been outplayed. They thoroughly deserve to go up. We haven't played our best cricket. Disappointing, have to move on. One Shield game before SA come for the Test series. Starc is back. We have got to do a lot better than what we did here."
David Warner is the Man of the Match: "Pleasing to get some runs on the board. Disappointing with the result. Tried to take it to the back end. Credit to SA, who were on top of us from the first game. Backed my instinct and played my game. You get some luck, you don't get some luck, today was okay. We've got some starts, haven't really built partnerships and haven't played the complete game. We have to think quick. SA will come, ready to go (for the Tests)."
Rilee Rossouw is the Man of the Series: "Special, finally crossing the three figures. Credit to JP who helped me there. I try to hit the ball as hard as possible. Takes a bit of getting used to (batting at various positions). If the captain and coach say you have to do it, you have to do it. Very emotional for me, you never know how many opportunities you will get to play for SA."
Faf du Plessis: "He (Warner) played an incredible knock, we had all the answers. A lot of credit to us as a team. Right through the series, different guys stood up. We were good with the ball. Whatever was thrown at us, we had the answers. Wake me up tomorrow and tell me. It's a dream. We were just too good for them. A lot of energy, guys backing themselves. This was a really important match for us, to take some momentum over to the Tests. Very nice heading over there with 5-0."
48.2;W;Steyn to Zampa, 1 run, OUT tucked towards deep midwicket, the throw comes in full and flat as Steyn collects it cleanly and whips the bails off. Perhaps Boland's hit on the knee may have slowed him down as he turned for the second. Third umpire has two looks before deciding it's 5-0 for South Africa.;Scott Boland run out (Rossouw/Steyn) 4 (9m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
48.2;1w;Steyn to Zampa, 1 wide slower delivery way outside off, just toeing with the wide line;
48.1;1;Steyn to Boland, 1 run sees the batsman backing away and follows him by bowling it full outside leg, squeezed back past the bowler to mid-on;
47.6;1;Phehlukwayo to Boland, 1 run makes room and drills it to deep cover;
47.5;1;Phehlukwayo to Zampa, 1 run backs away to squeeze that to deep point;
47.4;1;Phehlukwayo to Boland, 1 run mistimes an attempted slog down to mid-on;
47.3;1;Phehlukwayo to Zampa, 1 run swings over midwicket, ends up slicing it down to third man;
47.2;1;Phehlukwayo to Boland, 1 run firm push to mid-off, the throw misses the stumps and smashes into Boland's knee. He's liming now. Ouch, he's in a lot of pain The cameras panned to the Australian dressing room, and almost everyone was falling off their chair in laughter!;
47.1;W;Phehlukwayo to Warner, 1 run, OUT Unfortunate end to a top, top knock. He simply had to come back for the second after carving that to deep cover, but the throw was right on top of the stumps from Tahir as de Kock gathered the ball cleanly and whipped the bails off. Newlands stand up to applaud a great innings.;David Warner run out (Imran Tahir/?de Kock) 173 (218m 136b 24x4 0x6) SR: 127.2;
46.6;2;Steyn to Zampa, 2 runs backs away and lofts it up and over point, third man comes around to cut that off;
46.5;?;Steyn to Zampa, no run over the stumps this time! Jags back in to beat the swing again.;
46.4;?;Steyn to Zampa, no run swing and a miss. How did that miss off stump, I don't know. Wild swing across the line but was beaten for pace.;
46.3;1;Steyn to Warner, 1 run flays the short ball angling in towards cover, made a bit of room to manufacture something out of nothing.;
46.2;2;Steyn to Warner, 2 runs he's clobbered that, or has he? Backs away and slashes that to get it into the gap towards square third man. For a minute, it looked like he'd smashed that, but ended up slicing it;
46.1;2;Steyn to Warner, 2 runs thick outside edge down to third man, scampers back for the second. Looked to squeeze that behind point;
45.6;?;Rabada to Zampa, no run firm drive, straight to cover;
45.6;1w;Rabada to Zampa, 1 wide bouncer but the direction is wrong. Slides it down leg as Tremain manages to avoid it;
45.5;1;Rabada to Warner, 1 run low full toss that has been fllicked to deep square;
45.4;4;Rabada to Warner, FOUR runs sliding into the pads, gentle flick of the wrists to get that behind square on the leg side. No one at fine leg. So once he got enough bat on it, that was headed just one way;
45.3;2;Rabada to Warner, 2 runs angles a yorker-length delivery on the pads, worked into the gap at deep backward square leg;
45.2;4;Rabada to Warner, FOUR runs third man was inside the ring. What does Warner do?Make room, arch back and ramp the ball over him. Rabada slowed it down just a touch but the width was manufactured to find the boundary. Sensational;
45.1;4;Rabada to Warner, FOUR runs right into the block hole, Warner backs away and carves it past the infield. Somehow, he found a way to squeeze that with immense power. Super stuff this. Tahir at deep cover had no chance;
44.6;1;Abbott to Warner, 1 run full and sliding into middle and leg, he wrists it to deep midwicket;
44.5;1;Abbott to Zampa, 1 run tucked to midwicket as they steal another single;
44.4;1;Abbott to Warner, 1 run dabs it wide of point and scampers through for a quick single;
44.3;W;Abbott to Tremain, OUT what athleticism from Faf! Outstanding work to effect a run-out. In the end, Tremain has sacrificed his wicket. He got a thick inside edge towards midwicket where Phehlukwayo intially looked for an under-arm flick as the bowler was still on his followthrough. Faf wasn't even in the picture even as the flick came in. But he dived full-length across to nearly dive into the stumps. But he ensured he disturbed them only when he was fully in control of the ball. Top, top work;Chris Tremain run out (Phehlukwayo/du Plessis) 0 (7m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
44.2;?;Abbott to Tremain, no run beaten outside off by a delivery that deviates away from the length area outside off;
44.1;1;Abbott to Warner, 1 run gets a thick inside edge onto the pad as he backs away to slash. The deflection nearly rolls onto the stumps. Brings up his 150 Muted celebrations, but I'm sure it will be anything but that should he take the side past the line;
43.6;?;Rabada to Tremain, no run gets right underneath that yorker outside off to keep it out;
43.5;1;Rabada to Warner, 1 run walks across the stumps and squeezes it to mid-off for a quick single;
43.4;4;Rabada to Warner, FOUR runs so, so clever. This time he takes it on the full and then slices it behind point. There were three men on the off side ring, but he still picked the gap.;
43.4;1w;Rabada to Warner, 1 wide another slower delivery gone wrong, way down leg side. De Kock collects on the bounce;
43.4;1w;Rabada to Warner, 1 wide floats this full and down leg, all Warner needed was a fine tickle to get a boundary, missed out;
43.3;4;Rabada to Warner, FOUR runs delightfully done by Warner. Goes outside leg stump and then unfurls those wrists to pick the gap behind point. Deep cover was sprinting across, but could only get his finger tips upon a dive. Tahir the fielder in question;
43.2;W;Rabada to Mennie, OUT as far as catches go, it can't get easier than that. Pacy length ball that holds up after pitching outside off, Mennie looks to loft through the line but hit it straight down the throat of Miller at mid-off. He impressed with the ball, but the outing with the bat has been anything but that;Joe Mennie c Miller b Rabada 0 (3m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
43.1;1;Rabada to Warner, 1 run backs away and carves a full delivery over the infield, to deep cover;
42.6;?;Abbott to Mennie, no run the ball reverses back in a long way to beat his flick and hit him on the pad;
42.5;W;Abbott to Wade, OUT gets a big nick that is gleefully accepted by De Kock. This was a short of length delivery outside off, Wade went for a big swipe across the line but the extra bounce did him in.;Matthew Wade c ?de Kock b Abbott 7 (13m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
42.4;1;Abbott to Warner, 1 run excellent yorker, Warner looks to back away and squeeze it behind point but Abbott bowls this full and just outside off, didn't have the kind of room he would have liked as he digs it out towards the cover region;
42.3;1;Abbott to Wade, 1 run gets on top of the bounce and eases it off the back foot to deep point, the boundary rider comes haring in to keep that down to a single;
42.2;1;Abbott to Warner, 1 run backs away and slaps one behind point to third man;
42.1;4;Abbott to Warner, FOUR runs swings over cover, ball flies off the thick outside edge to the third man boundary. At this stage, no one's bothered about aesthetics.;
41.6;1;Tahir to Warner, 1 run cuts that to Rabada at deep point;
41.5;1;Tahir to Wade, 1 run down one one knee as he plays a half-sweep to square leg. Couldn't generate much power on that occasion;
41.4;1;Tahir to Warner, 1 run touch short, Warner makes room and cuts that to deep point;
41.3;1;Tahir to Wade, 1 run driven down to long-off as they amble the single;
41.2;2;Tahir to Wade, 2 runs gets across the stumps and paddles it to short fine. Lucky to get away with that high full toss. Faf tumbled over and then crawled to get to the ball;
41.1;1;Tahir to Warner, 1 run too full on the pads, whipped to deep square leg;
40.6;1;Abbott to Warner, 1 run yorker-length delivery outside off, Warner stays deep inside the crease to squeeze it wide of cover;
40.5;1;Abbott to Wade, 1 run floats this into the pads, worked to deep midwicket;
40.4;1;Abbott to Warner, 1 run uses the pace of the bowler to steer it down to third man again;
40.3;1;Abbott to Wade, 1 run runs it down to third man to get off the mark immediately;
40.2;1;Abbott to Warner, 1 run slapped to point where a half-stop jeeps it down to a single. Faf is withering in pain. Has he damaged his finger? He seems in severe pain. Faf was off balance when the ball took off from one of the patches and smashed into his finger.;
40.1;W;Abbott to Head, OUT not all that short to pull but Head had decided he was going to go for it anyway, looked to fetch it from outside off too, and all he managed in the top was a top edge. It was swirling around for a long, long time but De Kock called nice and early, kept his eyes on it all along till he saw it lodge into his gloves.;Travis Head c ?de Kock b Abbott 35 (62m 43b 4x4 0x6) SR: 81.39;
39.6;2;Tahir to Warner, 2 runs wrong un, pushed to over. A misfield and a parry allows two;
39.5;?;Tahir to Warner, no run the legspinner outside off, spins back in and cuts the batsman in half;
39.4;4;Tahir to Warner, FOUR runs superb shot, that should be four. It is. Overpitched outside off, Warner gives himself room by staying leg side of the ball and then smashes his drive past cover. Duminy gets across from long-off but can't cut it in. Makes contact while touching the boundary;
39.3;1;Tahir to Head, 1 run flipper, quick on off and middle. Pushed down to long-on. Nice from Tahir, staying accurate;
39.2;?;Tahir to Head, no run flatter delivery on off, 87 kph. Defended. Good lines.;
39.1;1;Tahir to Warner, 1 run flight on off, nice loop. Fiercely cut to deep point;
38.6;?;Steyn to Head, no run beauty to finish. 139 kph, good length outside off, zips through and beats the bat. Lovely over and effort from Steyn;
38.5;2;Steyn to Head, 2 runs good stop. Overpitched outside off, pushed down towards mid-off who saves the boundary, parries it to long-on and allows the second run;
38.4;?;Steyn to Head, no run full and wide from around the wicket. 137 kph. Skids on and beats Head's cut;
38.3;?;Steyn to Head, no run drifts down leg, Head picks out square leg with his flick;
38.2;4;Steyn to Head, FOUR runs picks the length early. To be fair, wasn't nearly short enough ti pull. But Head was hanging back, gets the length he wanted and slaps his pull in the gap at midwicket. There's the boundary for the over;
38.1;1;Steyn to Warner, 1 run a slower delivery on middle, bunted down to long-on. 120 kph, Steyn has varied his pace nicely despite not extracting much;
37.6;?;Tahir to Head, no run flight outside off, driven out towards cover;
37.5;1;Tahir to Warner, 1 run another googly outside off, cut out to point. Phehlukwayo dives and prevents the ball from going through;
37.4;1;Tahir to Head, 1 run the googly outside off, 84 kph. Drilled down to long-off;
37.3;1;Tahir to Warner, 1 run flat and wide outside off, cut out to deep cover;
37.2;2lb;Tahir to Warner, 2 leg byes big appeal, Tahir wants a review. Faf has a look at Qdk and opts to review. Only question here is if it was pitching in line? Looked like it did, but hit Warner on the thigh. A flat delivery on leg, Warner gets low to sweep but misses. The ball carries on and hits Warner on the thigh, two leg byes to fine leg, the result. All on hawkeye now. Yikes, pitched just outside leg. Excellent decision from umpire George.;
37.1;?;Tahir to Warner, no run slow through the air on middle and off, Warner gets low to reverse lap. Misses. Struck on the body;
36.6;?;Steyn to Head, no run good over from Steyn. Just four off. Full on middle and leg, Head misses his flick and is struck on the pad;
36.5;?;Steyn to Head, no run 142.6 kph outside off. Head crunches his drive to cover on the bounce;
36.4;1;Steyn to Warner, 1 run good length outside off, 137 kph. Shovelled to long-on. Happy to take the singles.;
36.3;1;Steyn to Head, 1 run superb shot, superb fielding. Overpitched outside off, cracked through towards cover. Miller dives and prevents the ball from going through;
36.2;1;Steyn to Warner, 1 run strays down leg, worked towards short fine leg;
36.1;1;Steyn to Head, 1 run good length outside off, pushed towards cover for a quick run;
35.6;1;Tahir to Head, 1 run slow down leg, clipped to square leg. They'll take what they can;
35.5;1;Tahir to Warner, 1 run fantastic batting. Nudged towards midwicket for one;
35.4;?;Tahir to Warner, no run 82 kph, slow on middle. Cut to short third again, the pair are hesitant but rightly, decide against the run;
35.3;1;Tahir to Head, 1 run slow legbreak on off, Head outside-edges towards short third man for one. Playing him nicely;
35.2;1;Tahir to Warner, 1 run 97 kph, flat on middle. Flat-batted to midwicket for one;
35.1;4;Tahir to Warner, FOUR runs four more! Warner doing nothing wrong. May not have been picking him so he opts to reverse sweep. Gets this in between two fielders for four;
34.6;4;Phehlukwayo to Head, FOUR runs goes through and that's four. Overpitched on middle and leg, Head finds the gap at midwicket, past mid-on too.;
34.5;2;Phehlukwayo to Head, 2 runs good length on middle, whipped past midwicket for two. Nice shot, immense power in those wrists;
34.4;1;Phehlukwayo to Warner, 1 run another one. The bowler is not happy. Overpitched outside off, driven straight to Miller at cover who fires a throw, hits the stumps at the strikers end and concedes one. Two extra runs in this over.;
34.4;1w;Phehlukwayo to Warner, 1 wide strays down leg this time, wide. Very surprised this is the line Phehlukwayo has stuck to;
34.3;2lb;Phehlukwayo to Warner, 2 leg byes good length on middle, Warner is hurried and gets hit on the thigh. The ball ricochets to point who unnecessarily fires a throw at the non-strikers end. Concedes the overthrow. If you're good at saving runs, have to be able to prevent these kind of runs too. Fine margins in this sport;
34.2;1;Phehlukwayo to Head, 1 run 134 kph, straying down leg, leading edge towards mid-on for one;
34.1;1;Phehlukwayo to Warner, 1 run 131 kph, full outside off, pushed down to mid-off for a quick single.;
33.6;1;Steyn to Warner, 1 run 132 kph, slow on middle and leg. Seemed like an offcutter. Worked towards square leg;
33.5;1;Steyn to Head, 1 run 139 kph, nice lines on off. Steered to third man;
33.4;3;Steyn to Warner, 3 runs over mid-of. Short of a length outside off, Warner tries to go over the top. Doesn't get all of it, but gets enough to clear mid-off. Plinks in the outfield. Splendid running gives Warner three;
33.3;1;Steyn to Head, 1 run good length outside off, carved down to third man;
33.2;?;Steyn to Head, no run full on middle and off, giving nothing away. Blocked;
33.1;?;Steyn to Head, no run short of a length outside off, Head tries to go over midwicket but was clearly hurries for pace. Bunts to mid-on;
32.6;2;Phehlukwayo to Warner, 2 runs just not good bowling this. An easy nudge through the leg side gives Warner and Australia two more to backward square;
32.5;1;Phehlukwayo to Head, 1 run superb as usual from Faf. Wristily nudged to Faf at midwicket who puts in a dive. may have saved at least one there;
32.4;?;Phehlukwayo to Head, no run 131 kph, seems pretty good to Head but loses his line to Warner. Straight on a good length, no room and so Head works to midwicket;
32.3;?;Phehlukwayo to Head, no run 129 kph, better line. Full but on middle and off. Head inside edges onto his pad. Had he missed that, he was plumb. A bit of inward movement too.;
32.2;1;Phehlukwayo to Warner, 1 run and again, down leg. 129 kph. Warner picks it off, clips to fine leg. Not great bowling this;
32.1;?;Phehlukwayo to Warner, no run 132 kph, bad lines these. Not good. Down leg and Warner misses the freebie. Rapped on the pad;
31.6;?;Steyn to Head, no run rather full outside off, crisply driven to mid-off;
31.5;4;Steyn to Head, FOUR runs ah poor ball. Full and wide outside off, too much wifdth. Head throws his hands at that and gets it over point. Another boundary;
31.4;1;Steyn to Warner, 1 run 100 for Warner. Subdued in celebration. Takes off his helmet and acknowledges the applause. Full on leg, pushed to mid-on and calls for one immediately. Easy. Take a bow, splendid innings;
31.3;?;Steyn to Warner, no run doesn't quite get there. Overpitched from Steyn outside off, Warner picks the right stroke and drives to cover. Can't pierce the gap;
31.2;1;Steyn to Head, 1 run crashed away through cover for one.;
31.1;?;Steyn to Head, no run full and wide at 136 kph. Head doesn't back down, looks to go down the ground but misses. Big swing, big miss;
30.6;4;Phehlukwayo to Warner, FOUR runs absolute rubbish from Phehlukwayo. Warner takes full toll. Slow offcutter well down leg. Warner just helps it along to the fine leg boundary. Would have been wide had he not got bat on that. Moves to 99.;
30.5;?;Phehlukwayo to Warner, no run full on middle, 132 kph. Pushed to cover.;
30.4;4;Phehlukwayo to Warner, FOUR runs four more. A slower ball on Warner's thighs. You may want to bowl elsewhere to him. He wanted to put that onto the banks, but got more of the inside half of the bat, sending the ball past short fine leg. Warner on 95;
30.3;1;Phehlukwayo to Head, 1 run good length on middle, 130.2 kph. Pushed towards mid-on for one.;
30.2;?;Phehlukwayo to Head, no run a big appeal, not given by ump Joel Wilson. Full and straight, Head misses and is rapped on the pad. May have pitched outside leg;
30.1;?;Phehlukwayo to Head, no run good length on middle and worked away towards midwicket. Cramping him for room;
29.6;4;Rabada to Warner, FOUR runs flayed into the extra cover boundary. It was hit so hard that JP Duminy, normally a very very safe fielder, had little time to react. He had no more than 5 metres to move to his right. What power! This isn't over yet;
29.5;?;Rabada to Warner, no run pushed straight to a diving Faf du Plessis at cover;
29.4;4;Rabada to Warner, FOUR runs finds the gap and the timing on that is magnificent. Hops back and then simply opens the face of the bat to steer that behind point. Third man, even though square, had no chance;
29.3;1;Rabada to Head, 1 run arches back and helps it up and over the cordon, one bounce to third man;
29.2;?;Rabada to Head, no run beaten again. This one nips away off the seam from the length area on middle. Another feeble push;
29.1;?;Rabada to Head, no run ripper of a delivery that squares Head up. Wasn't far from the outside edge;
28.6;1;Duminy to Head, 1 run driven wide of Miller, with the spin, for an easy single;
28.5;1;Duminy to Warner, 1 run Miller dives to his right to half-stop that slap, deflects to the boundary rider. That's how powerfully it was struck. Both batsmen collided in the middle;
28.4;4;Duminy to Warner, FOUR runs that has been hammered into the gap over cover. JP gives it air, Warner is down on one knee quickly as he lofts it cleanly over the infield;
28.3;1;Duminy to Head, 1 run eased back past the bowler to long-on;
28.2;?;Duminy to Head, no run stretches forward and defends that in-drifter;
28.1;1;Duminy to Warner, 1 run drilled to cover, a half-stop gives Warner a single;
27.6;4;Rabada to Head, FOUR runs top shot! Balance, timing, wrist work and placement - all in sync as it races into the midwicket boundary. Too full from Rabada and he was punished on that occasion;
27.5;?;Rabada to Head, no run gets on top of the bounce and bunts it to the leg side;
27.4;?;Rabada to Head, no run opens the bat face to punch that, but JP Duminy is super agile. Throws himself to his left to stop that certain boundary;
27.3;?;Rabada to Head, no run rip roaring short ball that climbs to hit his glove as he hops back to defend;
27.2;W;Rabada to Marsh, OUT so the decision to persist with Rabada despite an ordinary last over has worked. And he's got the man who hit him for two sixes in the previous over. This one veers back in full from wide of the crease, Marsh looks to heave it across the line, more towards midwicket, but he swings too early as the ball deflects off the pad onto the stumps;Mitchell Marsh b Rabada 35 (43m 38b 2x4 2x6) SR: 92.1;
27.1;?;Rabada to Marsh, no run much better the length from Rabada, touch fuller on off stump, defended;
26.6;2;Abbott to Warner, 2 runs whipped off his hip into the gap at deep square leg. Warner called for two and made it back quite easily;
26.5;?;Abbott to Warner, no run beaten by a ripper! This one jags away from length on middle to square Warner up. The bounce on that too! Phew;
26.4;1;Abbott to Marsh, 1 run flayed on the up to Tahir at sweeper cover;
26.3;?;Abbott to Marsh, no run beaten by a nothing shot. Pokes away from the body with an angled bat;
26.2;4;Abbott to Marsh, FOUR runs clubbed into the midwicket boundary. Drags a short ball outside off, Marsh sets himself up to slap that in front of square. Into position so quickly too;
26.1;1;Abbott to Warner, 1 run edged, but safe. Down to Steyn at third man. Oh, he's back;
25.6;?;Rabada to Marsh, no run hops back to bunt that full delivery to cover;
25.5;?;Rabada to Marsh, no run punched on the up to mid-off;
25.4;6;Rabada to Marsh, SIX runs this is an even better stroke. Short and angling in, he swivels back, gets underneath it and pulls him into the fine leg boundary. Total control;
25.3;1;Rabada to Warner, 1 run plays a short-arm jab to midwicket;
25.2;1;Rabada to Marsh, 1 run confusion, confusion! Marsh is ball-watching as he bunts it to point, Warner had almost completed the run even as Marsh was halfway down the pitch. A direct hit at the bowler's end would have nailed him. Duminy the fielder in question, would have been close at both ends;
25.1;6;Rabada to Marsh, SIX runs Palmed over the ropes by Abbott at deep square leg. But let me tell you it was a tough chance. This was short and angling in, Marsh decided he's going to pull, got good enough bat on it too. Had Abbott been on the ropes, it would have been straight down his throat.;
24.6;1;Abbott to Marsh, 1 run quality stroke, once again not afraid to hit on the up, the bat face is turned ever-so-slightly to beat point, the boundary rider comes around;
24.5;?;Abbott to Marsh, no run this one grips the surface and holds up, Marsh through with his attempted punch, the ball rolls to cover;
24.4;?;Abbott to Marsh, no run hint of away-movement off the seam, punches the length ball to cover;
24.3;1;Abbott to Warner, 1 run cut away behind point, Rossouw is quickly off the blocks;
24.2;?;Abbott to Warner, no run this time he nurdles that full ball to midwicket;
24.1;4;Abbott to Warner, FOUR runs imperious pull. What a welcome to the bowling crease. Touch short and Warner was onto it in a jiffy as he pulled him in front of square;
23.6;1;Tahir to Warner, 1 run tucked towards the man coming in from square leg;
23.5;1;Tahir to Marsh, 1 run touch short, punched to sweeper cover;
23.4;?;Tahir to Marsh, no run drives, but gets a thick inside edge to midwicket;
23.3;1;Tahir to Warner, 1 run this one spins back in, Warner whips that to deep square leg;
23.2;1;Tahir to Marsh, 1 run worked uppishly to deep midwicket;
23.1;?;Tahir to Marsh, no run pushes one quicker on middle, he jams his bat down in time to bunt it back down the pitch;
22.6;1;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, 1 run whipped away towards deep backward square again, end of a wayward over;
22.5;?;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, no run driven back straight to mid-on;
22.4;1;Phehlukwayo to Warner, 1 run slower and fuller on the pads, clipped to short fine where Behardien nearly over-ran the ball;
22.3;4;Phehlukwayo to Warner, FOUR runs whipped off his hip into the deep square leg boundary. Too straight and short, Warner once again uses the depth of the crease before bringing his powerful wrists into play;
22.2;1;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, 1 run crunching cover drive, Tahir does well to come around the ropes to restrict that to a single;
22.1;4;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, FOUR runs quality stroke. Nothing wrong with the delivery really. It was a length ball that nipped away from off, just a hint of width, Marsh stood tall to get on top of the bounce and punched that behind point;
22.1;1w;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, 1 wide ill-directed short ball outside leg stump, batsman lets it go;
21.6;?;Tahir to Warner, no run sharp turn back in from off stump, Warner uses the depth of the crease to defend;
21.5;?;Tahir to Warner, no run stretches forward and defends gently;
21.4;4;Tahir to Warner, FOUR runs lofted, and lofted very nicely. Almost shoveled that off the front foot. The bat face just turned a wee bit when he made contact but he still placed it where he wanted to. The power of the bottom hand;
21.3;1;Tahir to Marsh, 1 run drifting full into the pads, eased to long-on;
21.2;1;Tahir to Warner, 1 run makes a bit of room and punches that googly to deep cover;
21.1;?;Tahir to Warner, no run leans forward and blocks;
20.6;1lb;Phehlukwayo to Warner, 1 leg bye deflects off the pad to the leg side as he looks to tickle it fine;
20.5;?;Phehlukwayo to Warner, no run worked off the pad to midwicket where Miller dives full length to his right to stop that lovely little flick;
20.4;1;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, 1 run gloves a pull down to fine leg. Beaten for pace on that occasion even though he got into a relatively good position;
20.3;1;Phehlukwayo to Warner, 1 run slower length ball on leg stump, nurdled to square leg;
20.2;1;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, 1 run quality stroke, punched off the back foot to Tahir at deep cover;
20.1;1;Phehlukwayo to Warner, 1 run hint of width, crunched to sweeper cover;
19.6;1;Tahir to Warner, 1 run gets to the pitch of the ball and drives to deep cover;
19.5;1;Tahir to Marsh, 1 run too full outside off, drilled across the line to Steyn at long-on, quality work to slide across to stop that;
19.4;?;Tahir to Marsh, no run this one spins away, Marsh doesn't get to the pitch of the ball but manages to bunt that to cover;
19.3;?;Tahir to Marsh, no run wrong'un that lands outside off to draw Marsh forward, he deadbats it in the end;
19.2;1;Tahir to Warner, 1 run driven through the line to wide long-off, much more authority in the stroke this time;
19.1;?;Tahir to Warner, no run fizzes straight on from middle, Warner gets back and blocks;
18.6;?;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, no run the bowler does well to react quickly on his followthrough to stop that rocket drive with his boot;
18.5;?;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, no run this one's floated a touch fuller from length outside off, Marsh defends from the crease;
18.4;?;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, no run length ball at 134kph, Marsh hops back and punches that to cover;
18.3;2;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, 2 runs flicked, but finds deep square leg. Her had to come around a fair bit which gave Marsh an opportunity to amble back for the second;
18.2;1;Phehlukwayo to Warner, 1 run pulled but the ball wasn't all that short for him to wind up like the way he did, mistimed to deep midwicket;
18.1;1;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, 1 run uppish but safe, flies off the thick edge to third man;
17.6;?;Tahir to Warner, no run checks his drive this time to a slider on off stump;
17.5;?;Tahir to Warner, no run beaten again, another googly that does him in the air. This is outstanding legspin bowling;
17.4;?;Tahir to Warner, no run beaten by a superb googly. Warner looks to open the bat face late to slap that past cover, but was deceived in flight;
17.3;1;Tahir to Marsh, 1 run drifting into the pads, worked to long-on;
17.2;?;Tahir to Marsh, no run googly first up for Mitch Marsh, he gets forward and drives it straight to cover;
17.1;1;Tahir to Warner, 1 run slow turn back in, tapped gently to point for a quick single. Risky, but Rabada's throw was wayward;
16.6;?;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, no run rooted to the crease as he plays back to a full delivery on off stump. Hit straight to point;
16.5;?;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, no run gets on top of the bounce and dabs the short delivery to the off side;
16.4;?;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, no run gets this to jag away from outside off, Marsh hops back to bunt that to point;
16.3;?;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, no run driven on the up but straight to backward point;
16.2;W;Phehlukwayo to Bailey, OUT drags it back onto the stumps and the roar tells you the story. This is reward for accuracy. This one's bowled a touch fuller from the length area, Bailey is caught on the crease as he pokes tentatively away from the body. The BALL wobbles wee bit to take the inside edge onto the stumps.;George Bailey b Phehlukwayo 2 (11m 8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
16.1;?;Phehlukwayo to Bailey, no run floats this at length on middle from wide of the crease, the ball keeps a touch low but Bailey is behind the line as he blocks;
15.6;?;Tahir to Warner, no run pushes it through quicker and fuller outside off, Warner defends from the crease;
15.5;?;Tahir to Warner, no run leading edge but lands short of short third man. Warner didn't pick the googly and looked to work it across the line over midwicket;
15.4;?;Tahir to Warner, no run tosses it up nicely, inviting Warner to go over the top, but he's happy to block;
15.3;1;Tahir to Bailey, 1 run touch short, he rocks back to punch one to mid-on;
15.2;?;Tahir to Bailey, no run wrong'un but he has the line well covered as he smothers the spin;
15.1;?;Tahir to Bailey, no run gets forward and defends the tossed up delivery on middle;
14.6;?;Phehlukwayo to Warner, no run fullish and wide outside off, pushed back. Mis-timed.;
14.5;?;Phehlukwayo to Warner, no run good length on middle and off, worked away towards point;
14.4;1;Phehlukwayo to Bailey, 1 run short and wide outside off, 134 kph. Too much width, slashed to deep cover. Got on top of the bounce;
14.3;?;Phehlukwayo to Bailey, no run full and wide outside off, steered towards point;
14.2;?;Phehlukwayo to Bailey, no run almost chopped on. Shortish and wide, comes back in. Bailey inside-edges to the keeper;
14.1;1;Phehlukwayo to Warner, 1 run good length on leg, nudged towards midwicket for a run. Warner brings up his fifty. This has been a superb knock from him. Weill need to double this, at least;
13.6;W;Tahir to Smith, OUT two in three. SA's players run behind Tahir. Another wicket, another lovely show of deception. Again, fuller and quicker. No turn at all. Smith goes back, looks to drive but just plain misses a straight one. Smudge gone for nothing. Beats the batsman in a lack of flight and a change up in pace, literally.;Steven Smith b Imran Tahir 0 (2m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
13.5;?;Tahir to Smith, no run beautiful, slow through the air but gets the ball to skid. Smith waits and then is hustled as he blocks;
13.4;W;Tahir to Finch, OUT gone this time! And Tahir sets off on his celebratory run. May have been the flipper, out the front of the hand. Short delivery, and quick on middle. Finch goes back, looks to cut, but clearly misjudged plenty in that - pace, length and shot selection. The ball skids through and beats Finch's cut to clatter into the stumps. Not nearly short enough to cut;Aaron Finch b Imran Tahir 19 (57m 40b 3x4 0x6) SR: 47.5;
13.3;?;Tahir to Finch, no run googly on middle and leg, Finch goes back, doesn't quite pick it and pushes to cover;
13.2;?;Tahir to Finch, no run big appeal, but that clearly struck him outside off. Flight outside off from Tahir, Finch gets low and looks to sweep but inside-edges onto his pad;
13.1;?;Tahir to Finch, no run flatter delivery on leg, played away towards midwicket;
12.6;?;Steyn to Warner, no run good length on off, 137 kph. Steered to point;
12.5;1;Steyn to Finch, 1 run another back of a length delivery at 136 kph. Finch pulls down to fine leg. A bit uppish but didn't get enough on that;
12.4;?;Steyn to Finch, no run 138 kph, change in length. Shortish length on off, Finch is beaten and the ball pings off his body towards the keeper;
12.3;1;Steyn to Warner, 1 run good from Warner. Full and straight, pushed down to long-on;
12.2;4;Steyn to Warner, FOUR runs gets through and that will be four. Overpitched outside off, Warner forces his drive through cover and gets four. Fantastic timing. Rossouw hustles across from sweeper cover but the work is too much;
12.1;?;Steyn to Warner, no run good from Steyn. Full on middle, pushed back to Steyn;
11.6;?;Abbott to Finch, no run phew, how did that miss? Almost another typical Finch dismissal. Abbott can't believe it. Full length outside off, Finch wants to go straight down, over mid-on, but the ball swings back in and somehow misses off stump;
11.5;1;Abbott to Warner, 1 run shortish delivery and straight, flat-batted swat to deep square leg;
11.4;?;Abbott to Warner, no run good length on middle and leg, played into the leg side;
11.3;1;Abbott to Finch, 1 run dropped. Almost a sensational catch from Steyn. Short and wide from Abbott, not a good delivery, but Finch cuts. Some extra bounce leads to a thick top edge which flies down to Steyn at third man. Steyn thought it was a tougher catch that it was, ran in and sideways, got there and the ball bounces out. Great effort, Steyn underestimated his own athletic prowess;
11.2;1;Abbott to Warner, 1 run gives himself room and creates more width than there was. Shortish outside off, cut down to third man;
11.1;?;Abbott to Warner, no run good length on off, superb channel this. 132 kph, defended into the cover region;
10.6;?;Steyn to Finch, no run good end. Back of a length outside off at 143 kph. Pushed towards cover;
10.5;?;Steyn to Finch, no run nice lines, gets a bit of movement but Finch blocks;
10.4;1lb;Steyn to Warner, 1 leg bye big, big appeal. no, says the umpire Joel Wilson. Big inside edge, but the umpire didn't think so because he signalled leg byes. Fullish on leg, Warner smashes the ball into his pad and a run to third man ensues;
10.3;?;Steyn to Warner, no run full on off, lovely channels. Blocked by Warner;
10.2;1;Steyn to Finch, 1 run good length outside off, pushed to deep cover for a single. A good single. 144 kph;
10.1;1;Steyn to Warner, 1 run full outside off, Warner comes down and shovels his swat to deep square leg;
9.6;?;Abbott to Finch, no run end of a fantastic Powerplay for Australia. Short and wide outside off, scythed to point.;
9.5;?;Abbott to Finch, no run good length outside off, 130 ks. Pushed to cover;
9.4;?;Abbott to Finch, no run good length down leg, worked away towards midwicket;
9.3;4;Abbott to Finch, FOUR runs short, wide and put away. Finch stands tall and nails his slap to the other side of cover this time. Runs leaking;
9.2;4;Abbott to Finch, FOUR runs oh what a shot. And it finds the gap at wide mid-off. Back of a length outside off, natural stroke-making would indicate the ball shouldn't be going there. He stays back and muscles a punch past cover and mid-off;
9.1;?;Abbott to Finch, no run good length outside off, maybe a tad too much width? Finch punches but finds extra cover;
8.6;?;Steyn to Warner, no run good end. Another cutter on off, tapped towards point. A tight over, tight lines;
8.5;?;Steyn to Warner, no run a slower delivery outside off, played to cover. Good changes in pace from Steyn;
8.4;1;Steyn to Finch, 1 run nice from Finch. Back of a length outside off, pushed out to mid-on who is slightly deep. Despite being on the back foot. Finch makes the run easily;
8.3;?;Steyn to Finch, no run back of a length outside off, very tight to Finch who pushes to mid-off from the back foot;
8.2;1;Steyn to Warner, 1 run slower cutter down leg, nudged to deep square leg for a single;
8.1;?;Steyn to Warner, no run full and straight from Steyn, better. Driven back to the bowler;
7.6;?;Rabada to Finch, no run good length on off to finish. Hitting 140 kph consistently. Blocked by Finch;
7.5;1;Rabada to Warner, 1 run 144 kph, full toss on leg. Warner backs away and squeezes this down to third man;
7.5;5nb;Rabada to Warner, (no ball) FOUR runs no ball and four runs. Short down leg is Rabada, Warner helps it along to the fine leg boundary. Easy;
7.4;?;Rabada to Warner, no run ooh, snorter. Smell that. Back of a length on off, the angle gets this back to Warner who gets his hands up and fends to point. Fantastic contest;
7.3;2;Rabada to Warner, 2 runs just wide of Duminy. Shortish and wide, Warner wanted to go over point but just about manages to get it past Duminy;
7.2;4;Rabada to Warner, FOUR runs four more. Sloppy fielding and Warner gets four more. Shortish and wide outside off, pushed straight towards extra cover where Phehlukwayo just lets it go through;
7.1;4;Rabada to Warner, FOUR runs shovelled for four. Hmm. Interesting. Overpitched on off, Warner cleared his leg and looked to go straight but the ball skews off the inside half and races away through midwicket for four.;
6.6;1;Steyn to Warner, 1 run worked into the leg side where Amla is stationed. Warner wanted one, Amla is quick on it but lobs his throw back. A better fielder and a direct hit would have had FInch;
6.5;?;Steyn to Warner, no run good length on middle, Warner wanted to keep that out or dab one to third man but gets a bit of inswing. Inside edged onto the pad;
6.4;4;Steyn to Warner, FOUR runs more runs. Fantastic batting from Warner. Good length outside off, Warner backs away, giving himself room and lofts the ball over mid-off. Didn't bother keeping it down.;
6.3;4;Steyn to Warner, FOUR runs and again. Not very short - on middle and leg. Warner was waiting for that, gets the length he wanted and swatted Steyn through midwicket. In the vacant region and four more;
6.2;?;Steyn to Warner, no run 137 kph, good length down leg, Warner tries to nudge into the leg side but pops back a leading edge;
6.1;4;Steyn to Warner, FOUR runs what respite. My word, what a greeting. Shortish outside off, Warner sees the length early and then pulls through midwicket with disdain. Cross-seam from Steyn.;
5.6;?;Rabada to Finch, no run good length around off. Blocked. Good stuff from Finch, playing this testing period out;
5.5;1;Rabada to Warner, 1 run pushed to mid-on. 145 ks, a throw to the non-strikers end ends up in overthrows, one;
5.4;?;Rabada to Warner, no run dropped. 138 kph, good length on off. Warner, with his leg side technique, tries to dab one down to third man. He ends up steering one straight to Amla at wide slip. Quinton de Kock, through, dives away to his right and spills a very tough chance. Definitely Amla's catch;
5.3;?;Rabada to Warner, no run ooh, width. 140 kph, outside off. The ball moves away late. Warner swished and missed. Wanted to go straight past the bowler;
5.2;?;Rabada to Warner, no run good length on middle, blocked;
5.1;2;Rabada to Warner, 2 runs lovely running. Even better batting. Good length on off and middle, absolutely nothing wrong with that. Warner's technique is such that he always stays leg side of the ball to find gaps through the off side. He opens the face this time and finds the gap behind point for two;
4.6;?;Abbott to Finch, no run 133 kph, fullish outside off, blocked towards mid-off;
4.5;?;Abbott to Finch, no run and again, 135 kph. Good length outside off, away swing and Finch's beaten.;
4.4;?;Abbott to Finch, no run 133 kph, superb stuff. Sticks with a good length, gets enough away movement to beat the bat. Beautiful bowling;
4.3;?;Abbott to Finch, no run ooh, maybe not wide enough to play that stroke. Fullish length outside off, Finch stays in his crease and tries to punch through cover, but the ball comes back enough to take the inside edge onto the pad;
4.2;?;Abbott to Finch, no run 132 kph, good length on middle, shovelled to midwicket;
4.1;1;Abbott to Warner, 1 run too short. Short of a length down leg, Warner whips it away to fine leg for one.;

A solitary slip at the moment
 Innings Start
South Africa
Australia
5th ODI (D/N), Cape Town, Oct 12 2016, Australia tour of South Africa
327/8
296
Player of the match is David Warner, AUS
South Africa won by 31 runs
