Data
280 is the target. At 5.60 runs per over. There is a bit of variable bounce on the track and one is not sure how the wicket will behave in the second half, under the lights. Will the Australian bowlers be as generous as their counterparts with the wide deliveries? Glenn McGrath is making a comeback into the team. How will he bowl? How will the West Indies batsmen, who did quite well against the Indians at home, fare? Answers on the other side of the innings break. ta.
49.6;1lb;Taylor to McGrath, 1 leg bye another yorker attempted, Johnson walks forward and across, the ball veers to his foot, he tries to heave it across, doesn't make contact and they cross over for a run.;
49.5;1;Taylor to Cullen, 1 run another low full-toss, on the off and middle, swatted to the on side;
49.4;1;Taylor to McGrath, 1 run low-full toss results as Taylor goes in for a yorker, McGrath pushes it down the track, towards long-on;
49.3;?;Taylor to McGrath, no run full and fast again, on the off stump, McGrath makes no initial movement, waits for the ball to arrive and pats it back down the track.;
49.2;W;Taylor to Johnson, OUT even before the ball was about to be delivered, Johnson backed away to the leg side, Taylor sent one full and fast, honing in on the off stump. The flashing blade came down in an hurry but the ball evaded it to knock back the off stump.;Mitchell Johnson b Taylor 15 (12m 8b 1x4 1x6) SR: 187.5;
49.1;?;Taylor to Johnson, no run For a change, a bouncer. One for the over. Went over the leg stump.;
48.6;1;Bravo to Johnson, 1 run fullish outside the off stump, driven powerfully to cover;
48.5;6;Bravo to Johnson, SIX runs take that! Bravo went round the sticks and sent one full, and Johnson freed his arms, one mighty heave and the ball went in an orbit over long-on.;
48.4;1;Bravo to Cullen, 1 run another slower one. lovely bit of deception. It looped and dipped outside the off stump, Cullen adjusts at the last minute, whips it across, over midwicket for a single.;
48.3;1;Bravo to Johnson, 1 run full and outside the off stump, swatted away to long-on;
48.3;1w;Bravo to Johnson, 1 wide;
48.2;4;Bravo to Johnson, FOUR runs another slower one, this one dipped on the off and middle stump, a ugly hoick across the line was attempted, gets an outside edge and it runs to third man fence. yeah yeah.... its a batsman's game and all that..&;
48.1;2;Bravo to Johnson, 2 runs slow looping slower ball that ends up as a low full-toss as well, swatted to midwicket where Lara dives to his right, makes a half-stop. Not bad for a 37-year old man.;
31.6;1;Gayle to Cosgrove, 1 run this time he gets the ball to the left of that fielder and they take a single. Five runs, five singles in this over. No risk cricket.;
31.5;?;Gayle to Cosgrove, no run first dot ball of the over. It was on the off stump, on a length but Cosgrove still went back and attempted an late-cut but couldn't beat the short third man;
31.4;1;Gayle to Clarke, 1 run tossed up, slower, on the middle stump, driven down the ground;
31.3;1;Gayle to Cosgrove, 1 run floated up, on the legs, Cosgrove turns it around the corner.;
31.2;1;Gayle to Clarke, 1 run slightly short and quick, Clarke hangs on his back foot and taps the ball to the right of midwicket;
31.1;1;Gayle to Cosgrove, 1 run on the leg, turning in, Cosgrove goes back and across, tickles it past square-leg;
30.6;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run;
30.5;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run in the channel outside the off stump, Clarke leans forward and offers the full face of the bat to it.;
30.4;2;Taylor to Clarke, 2 runs short of length, on the middle and leg. Clarke goes back, works his wrists over time, sends the ball into the midwicket gap;
30.3;1;Taylor to Cosgrove, 1 run short and outside the off stump, enough time in the world to run it down to third man.;
30.2;?;Taylor to Cosgrove, no run right up there, just outside the off stump, Cosgrove attempts to dig it out, doesn't connect well and the ball runs to the off side;
30.1;1;Taylor to Clarke, 1 run on the middle ,fullish, Clarke pushes back, and turns it towards midwicket;
47.6;?;Taylor to Cullen, no run full, fast and straight again but this time Dan Cullen offers the full face of the bat in defense. Taylor gets across to make the stop. No chance of a run.;
47.5;W;Taylor to Bracken, OUT got his man this time. Fast, full and straight on the off stump. Bracken goes for a mighty heave, the ball squeezes past the bottom of the flashing blade and crashes into the off stump.;Nathan Bracken b Taylor 1 (2m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
47.4;?;Taylor to Bracken, no run right up there at the blockhole, on the middle stump as well. Bracken just about manages to dig it back to the bowler. Very good slog-overs bowling on show here.;
47.3;1;Taylor to Johnson, 1 run another yorker attempted but radar is wrong, it ends up outside the off stump and Mitchell Johnson gets his bat down in time and the ball runs past point;
47.2;1;Taylor to Bracken, 1 run Yorker it is. Squeezed out though, down to third man;
47.1;W;Taylor to Haddin, OUT Taylor disturbs the furniture. Two wickets in two balls. Haddin attempted to pull a length delivery hurtling towards the off stump, misses and his off stump is pegged back.;Brad Haddin b Taylor 23 (26m 19b 3x4 0x6) SR: 121.05;
46.6;W;Bravo to Clarke, OUT That slower ball does the trick. Released between his thumb and the fore-finger the ball loops in the air and then dips in front of the off stump , beating the slashing blade of Clarke.;Michael Clarke b Bravo 81 (110m 79b 9x4 0x6) SR: 102.53;
46.5;4;Bravo to Clarke, FOUR runs The leather hunt is on. He walked down the track a bit and heaved it past midwicket fence.;
46.4;4;Bravo to Clarke, FOUR runs low full-toss this time and Clarke swats it to the deep-midwicket fence.;
46.3;1;Bravo to Haddin, 1 run hatrick of yorkers, this one quite didnt land up in the blockhole, Haddin manages to drive it down to long-off;
46.2;1;Bravo to Clarke, 1 run another one right up there at the blockhole, dug out again towards midoff;
46.1;1;Bravo to Haddin, 1 run yorker. right up there. dug out towards cover and just a single results.;
29.6;?;Gayle to Cosgrove, no run flatter, quicker and on the leg and middle, turned towards midwicket;
29.5;1;Gayle to Clarke, 1 run on the legs, turned around the corner;
29.4;1;Gayle to Cosgrove, 1 run fullish on the middle and leg, Cosgrove drives it down to long-on;
29.3;1;Gayle to Clarke, 1 run tossed up on the middle, turning in slightly, Clarke leans forward, drives it to long-on;
29.2;?;Gayle to Clarke, no run;
29.1;4;Gayle to Clarke, FOUR runs short and Clarke rocks back and has all the time in the world to dispatch it where he wants. He chose deep midwicket.;
28.6;?;Taylor to Cosgrove, no run similar ball and again, Cosgrove runs it down to point. Very similar to Darren Lehmann.;
28.5;?;Taylor to Cosgrove, no run another length delivery, just on the off stump line, Cosgrove opens the face of the bat, runs it down to point;
28.4;1;Taylor to Clarke, 1 run a length delivery, on the middle and leg that held its line and Clarke is squared up as he tried to whip it across, gets an leading edge that takes the ball past cover;
28.3;1;Taylor to Cosgrove, 1 run short of length, outside the off stump and Cosgrove looked as he was squared up but manages to adjust his wrists and taps the ball, down to the third man;
28.2;2;Taylor to Cosgrove, 2 runs overpitched on the middle and leg stump, Cosgrove whips it past midwicket;
28.1;?;Taylor to Cosgrove, no run fullish outside the off stump, driven to mid-off;
27.6;1;Gayle to Cosgrove, 1 run floated up on the middle stump, driven down the ground the long-on;
27.5;?;Gayle to Cosgrove, no run short again but much slower this time, and Cosgrove turns it to midwicket;
27.4;1;Gayle to Clarke, 1 run short and outside the off stump, cut past point;
27.3;?;Gayle to Clarke, no run;
27.2;1;Gayle to Cosgrove, 1 run similar ball, and this time, Cosgrove gets inside the line and works it past square-leg;
27.1;?;Gayle to Cosgrove, no run just short of length, turned around the corner;
26.6;?;Bradshaw to Clarke, no run fullish and outside the off stump, pushed to cover;
26.5;4;Bradshaw to Clarke, FOUR runs short and on the middle and leg stump and Clarke executes a lovely short-arm pull, past square-leg.;
26.4;?;Bradshaw to Clarke, no run;
26.3;4;Bradshaw to Clarke, FOUR runs whack! it was overpitched slightly, just outside the off stump and Clarke just hit through the line, cleanly, over the mid-off;
26.2;?;Bradshaw to Clarke, no run again fullish and angled across, Clarke moves forward and across, in the way Ponting does, and lets it go through;
26.1;?;Bradshaw to Clarke, no run slanted across Clarke, who gets his left foot across, covers the stumps, sees there is no inward movement and then, shoulders his arms;
25.6;?;Gayle to Cosgrove, no run floated up on the middle and leg, coming in , Cosgrove goes back to work it towards midwicket&;
25.5;?;Gayle to Cosgrove, no run on the middle and leg, turned to the on side;
25.4;4;Gayle to Cosgrove, FOUR runs lovely late-cut for a four. It was on the off stump line, Cosgrove went back and tapped it ala Lehmaan .;
25.3;?;Gayle to Cosgrove, no run Baby boof on strike! on the middle and leg, turned to midwicket;
25.2;1;Gayle to Clarke, 1 run slower this time and much fuller, Clarke waits for the ball to arrive and tickles it down to long-leg;
25.1;?;Gayle to Clarke, no run short and pulled away fiercely but a good diving stop at square-leg prevents any run;
24.6;?;Bradshaw to Cosgrove, no run full once more and on the off, driven along the ground to mid off;
24.5;?;Bradshaw to Cosgrove, no run fullish and on the off, Cosgrove watches that one carefully and defends to off;
24.4;1;Bradshaw to Clarke, 1 run fullish and outside the off, eased just wide of point with an angled bat for a single;
24.3;?;Bradshaw to Clarke, no run full and quite straight, Clarke drives handsomely and hard but straight to mid-on;
24.2;?;Bradshaw to Clarke, no run Clarke is facing as the batsmen crossed over during the catch, short of a good length, outside the off, left alone to the keeper;
24.1;W;Bradshaw to Katich, OUT fullish and on the stumps, Katich tries to hit the ball through the leg side but closes the face of the bat early, the ball spears off the leading edge and goes straight up in the air for Dwayne Bravo to safely catch at mid-off!;Simon Katich c Bravo b Bradshaw 36 (107m 69b 4x4 0x6) SR: 52.17;
23.6;1;Gayle to Katich, 1 run short of a good length and outside the off, eased down towards long-on for a single;
23.5;1;Gayle to Clarke, 1 run placed just wide of square-leg for a single;
23.4;?;Gayle to Clarke, no run eased towards mid-on;
23.3;?;Gayle to Clarke, no run defended watchfully back down the pitch;
23.2;?;Gayle to Clarke, no run once again clipped to the leg side;
23.1;?;Gayle to Clarke, no run short of a length, quite slow, on the off, worked away to midwicket off the back foot;
22.6;1;Bradshaw to Clarke, 1 run pushed to right of mid-on and they jog through for a single;
22.6;1w;Bradshaw to Clarke, 1 wide another wide. slanted across Clarke, Will Clarke have a go? He thrust his left foot across, to the pitch of the ball but decided against anything flashy and let the ball go through.;
22.5;?;Bradshaw to Clarke, no run pushed to cover;
22.4;1;Bradshaw to Katich, 1 run the line went slightly awry this time, on the hips, Katich got inside the line, tickled it fine, very fine, and Wavell Hinds gets across quickly and prevents a second run.;
22.3;?;Bradshaw to Katich, no run short of length, on the middle stump line, coming in with the angle. Katich stands tall, whips it to midwicket;
22.2;1;Bradshaw to Clarke, 1 run landed on a length, around the middle and off and Clarke pushed at it. The ball runs down to third man area;
22.1;1;Bradshaw to Katich, 1 run punched past point for a single;
21.6;4;Bravo to Clarke, FOUR runs Wonderful push-drive that sent the ball along the turf between cover and mid-off. He leaned forward, and drove it on the up, the left elbow high and all that jazz. Beautiful to watch.;
21.5;?;Bravo to Clarke, no run Clarke recieves a good-length delivery that landed just outside the off stump and held its line. He leans forward, covers the line and pushes it to point;
21.4;?;Bravo to Clarke, no run overpitched on the off and middle and Clarke whips it across, to midwicket;
21.4;1w;Bravo to Clarke, 1 wide another wide. Lara must be going crazy;
21.3;2;Bravo to Clarke, 2 runs fullish, outside the off stump, hint of away swing and Clarke reaches for it and has a slash. The ball flies off an outside edge, past point.;
21.2;?;Bravo to Clarke, no run attempted yorker, right up to the batsman, on the off and middle line, punched back to the bowler.;
21.1;1;Bravo to Katich, 1 run overpitched outside the off stump, Katich goes down on his knees, crashes it past cover;
20.6;W;Bradshaw to Ponting, OUT Got his man! It landed on a length, on the middle and off stump line and held its line, Ponting went back and was surprised as the ball skidded low after landing and was caught in front of his off stump. It didnt roll along the ground, mind you, but kept a touch low and maybe it was a delivery that Ponting should have gone forward to.;Ricky Ponting lbw b Bradshaw 54 (74m 53b 9x4 0x6) SR: 101.88;
20.5;?;Bradshaw to Ponting, no run overpitched on the leg and middle, turned to mid-on;
20.4;1;Bradshaw to Katich, 1 run short of length, just outside the off stump, Katich leans back to force it past point;
20.3;?;Bradshaw to Katich, no run again, on the off stump line, punch-driven to mid-off;
20.2;?;Bradshaw to Katich, no run full and outside the off stump, driven to mid-off;
20.1;1lb;Bradshaw to Ponting, 1 leg bye;
19.6;?;Bravo to Katich, no run pushed to cover;
19.5;1;Bravo to Ponting, 1 run;
19.4;4;Bravo to Ponting, FOUR runs fullish and wide outside the off stump, Ponting reaches for it and crashes it over cover;
19.3;4;Bravo to Ponting, FOUR runs down the leg side, tickled to fine-leg fence;
19.3;1w;Bravo to Ponting, 1 wide;
19.2;?;Bravo to Ponting, no run overpitched delivery, pusehd to mid-on;
19.1;2;Bravo to Ponting, 2 runs outside the off stump, short of a length, punched past point;
18.6;?;Smith to Katich, no run;
18.5;?;Smith to Katich, no run;
18.4;1;Smith to Ponting, 1 run;
18.3;?;Smith to Ponting, no run;
18.2;?;Smith to Ponting, no run Oh ho! Ponting dances down the track, in an effort to break free, Smith holds the ball back a bit, it lands on the middle, veers in and Ponting goes for a mighty heave but doesn't connect and it raps him on the pads.;
18.1;?;Smith to Ponting, no run length delivery on the off stump and it comes in a touch. Ponting goes back and is cramped a bit but pushes it to point;
17.6;2;Bravo to Katich, 2 runs fullish, on the middle and leg, Katich whips it towards left of mid-on where a fumbling dive is attempted. Two runs result.;
17.5;1;Bravo to Ponting, 1 run overpitched on the middle stump line, Ponting leans forward, pushes it to right of the mid-on and an easy single results.;
17.4;1lb;Bravo to Katich, 1 leg bye on the legs, Katich doesn't get a bat on to it, and the ball runs off the pads to shortish fine-leg;
17.3;?;Bravo to Katich, no run pushed to co vers;
17.2;?;Bravo to Katich, no run fullish, and outside the off stump. Katich goes down on his knees, goes for an extravagant square-drive but doesn't connect properly and the ball runs to point;
17.1;?;Bravo to Katich, no run landed on a length, around the middle stump line, moved towards off, turned to point;
16.6;2;Smith to Ponting, 2 runs overpitched delivery and Ponting eases it past covers;
16.6;1w;Smith to Ponting, 1 wide hmm... another wide one, down the leg side. The disease continues to permeate the West Indies team;
16.5;1;Smith to Katich, 1 run short of length, around the off stump line, Katich hops back and punch-drives it to mid-off and they hurry through for a quick single;
16.4;?;Smith to Katich, no run;
16.3;?;Smith to Katich, no run short of length, on the off stump line and slanting away, pushed to gully;
16.2;?;Smith to Katich, no run slightly short of a length, on the leg side and Katich goes back, tries to whip it past midwicket but finds the fielder.;
16.1;?;Smith to Katich, no run A length-delivery, on the off stump line, Katich goes back and across, gets adjacent to the line to push the ball to covers;
15.6;1;Bravo to Katich, 1 run a length-delivery, worked to third man;
15.5;1;Bravo to Ponting, 1 run fullish and on the pads, turned past square-leg;
15.4;?;Bravo to Ponting, no run on a length, pushed back to the bowler;
15.3;1;Bravo to Katich, 1 run pushed to right of mid-off and they hurry through for a quick single;
15.3;1w;Bravo to Katich, 1 wide way down the leg side. That was the 15 th extra of the innings;
15.2;?;Bravo to Katich, no run;
15.1;1lb;Bravo to Ponting, 1 leg bye fullish on the legs. attempted flick but does't make proper contact and the ball runs down to shortish fine-leg;
14.6;?;Smith to Katich, no run on a length, around the middle stump line, pushed back to the bowler;
14.5;?;Smith to Katich, no run short and wide, should have put that away and Katich did try, attempted an square-cut but hits it straight to point;
14.4;1;Smith to Ponting, 1 run slight short of length, on the off and middle, Ponting works it to the right of mid-on;
14.3;?;Smith to Ponting, no run overpitched on the middle stump, Ponting leans forward and push-drives it to mid-on;
14.2;?;Smith to Ponting, no run in the channel around the off stump, Ponting leans forward, covers his stumps and shoulders arms;
14.1;1;Smith to Katich, 1 run overpitched on the leg and middle stump and Katich, as his wont, works it past square-leg;
13.6;1;Taylor to Katich, 1 run it was fullish and on the leg and middle. Katich stood where he was, and the last minute worked his wrists overtime to send the ball to fine-leg;
13.6;1w;Taylor to Katich, 1 wide down the leg side again. The West Indian quicks have been quite erratic;
13.5;1lb;Taylor to Ponting, 1 leg bye on the pads, Ponting tries to get inside the line and push it to the on side but doesnt get a touch and it runs off the pads to the on side and they cross through for a quick single;
13.4;1;Taylor to Katich, 1 run;
13.3;?;Taylor to Katich, no run short of length but outside the leg stump and it held its line, Katich tried to flick it away, doesn't get a touch and the ball brushes the thigh pad enroute to the keeper;
13.2;?;Taylor to Katich, no run better delivery. Landed short of length, on the leg and middle line, and kicked up and crashed into the thigh pad;
13.1;4;Taylor to Katich, FOUR runs again on the pads, fullish, Katich comes inside the line, waits for the ball to arrive, and uses his wrists to send the ball, along the ground, past square-leg;
13.1;1w;Taylor to Katich, 1 wide It would have been a nice ball for a right-hand batsman, not for Katich. Down the leg side and wide called. 27 runs came in the last three overs;
12.6;?;Smith to Ponting, no run short of length, on the off stump line, pushed to point;
12.5;4;Smith to Ponting, FOUR runs Wonderful wonderful shot. It landed short of length, outside the offstump and suddenly kicked up, but Ponting waited for it, leant back, and then, cleverly, tapped the ball over the slips. A skillful shot.;
12.4;1lb;Smith to Katich, 1 leg bye on the pads, attempted flick, doesn't connect and the ball runs off the pads towards fine-leg;
12.3;?;Smith to Katich, no run beaten! another one slanting across, landed on a length and kept a touch low and also, I suspect, a little slow and Katich has a poke at it;
12.2;?;Smith to Katich, no run Even better delivery, landed on a length, around the off stump but Katich was not going to fish around this time, lets it go through;
12.1;?;Smith to Katich, no run slanted across Katich who tries to tickle it to third man, doesn't get a touch and is beaten;
11.6;4;Taylor to Ponting, FOUR runs Majestic pull. Short again but not that kind of alarming bounce and Ponting pulls it, as only he can, to midwicket fence;
11.5;?;Taylor to Ponting, no run another good delviery, hit the deck, short of length, around the off stump and kicked up.. Ponting pushed at it and was surprised by the bounce and the ball hits the top of the bat and runs to point;
11.4;4;Taylor to Ponting, FOUR runs another short one attempted but this time it didn't have that carry and Ponting rocks back and pulls it with panache;
11.3;?;Taylor to Ponting, no run;
11.2;4;Taylor to Ponting, FOUR runs Oh ho! a snorter. A perfume ball as they say. It climbed up at his throat, Ponting shaped for a hook but was caught unawares by the pace and the lift, just about manages to get an upper edge, over the keeper....;
11.1;2;Taylor to Ponting, 2 runs short and wide, cut past point where the fielder dived to his left, gets an hand to it but doesn't stop it completely and they run two.;
10.6;?;Smith to Katich, no run fullish and on the middle and leg stump, Katich turns it to midwicket, wants a run but Ponting sends him back;
10.6;1w;Smith to Katich, 1 wide in an effort to get the line right, he ends up drifting it down the leg side;
10.5;4;Smith to Katich, FOUR runs short and well outside the offstump, Katich rocks back to cut it past point;
10.4;1;Smith to Ponting, 1 run another good ball, just outside the off stump and it held its line, Ponting pushed at it with a open face of the bat and it went in the air, through the vacant third slip region, for a single;
10.3;1;Smith to Katich, 1 run short of length delivery, on the off stump, Katich who was on his back and across movement was initially cramped a bit but managed to lean back, and cut it to third man;
10.2;1;Smith to Ponting, 1 run on the legs and turned past square-leg;
10.1;?;Smith to Ponting, no run starts off well. fullish on the middle stump and it held its line which surprised Ponting. He was attempting to whip it across the line and ends up edging it to point instead;
9.6;?;Gayle to Katich, no run flat, quick and on the middle stump line, Katich pats it back to the bowler;
9.5;?;Gayle to Katich, no run again turned straight to short fine-leg and there is no chance of a run;
9.4;?;Gayle to Katich, no run hurled quick on the leg side, tickled to short fine-leg again,;
9.3;?;Gayle to Katich, no run floated on the middle stump, pl,ayed back quietly down the track;
9.2;?;Gayle to Katich, no run on the leg and middle line, turned to short fine-leg;
9.1;?;Gayle to Katich, no run attempted sweep but doesn't connect;
8.6;?;Bradshaw to Ponting, no run;
8.5;?;Bradshaw to Ponting, no run landed on a length, just outside the offstump, Ponting went back and tried to force it off the back foot, gets an outside but luckily, for him, it doesnt carry to the keeper;
8.4;?;Bradshaw to Ponting, no run;
8.3;4;Bradshaw to Ponting, FOUR runs overpitched and well outside the offstump and Ponting would have put it away in his sleep. Flashed to the cover fence;
8.2;1;Bradshaw to Katich, 1 run;
8.1;1;Bradshaw to Ponting, 1 run landed on the middle stump, and suddenly jumped up - bit of variable bounce on display- and Katich did well to play it with soft hands and placed it to the on side;
7.6;4;Gayle to Katich, FOUR runs outside the off stump and driven to the cover fence;
7.5;?;Gayle to Katich, no run beaten! this on had the nip off the pitch, landed on the off stump line, turned past the bat;
7.4;?;Gayle to Katich, no run much slower this time, on the middle, Katich has to wait for an eternity for the ball to arrive, pats it back to the bowler;
7.3;?;Gayle to Katich, no run similar ball, same result;
7.2;?;Gayle to Katich, no run slightly shorter, on the middle stump, cut to point;
7.1;4;Gayle to Katich, FOUR runs gentle floater outside the off stump, overpitched as well... and Katich reached out and drove it past point;
6.6;?;Bradshaw to Ponting, no run;
6.5;?;Bradshaw to Ponting, no run;
6.4;1;Bradshaw to Katich, 1 run slightly shorter this time, and it ended up just outside the off stump and kept a touch low as well. Ponting went back, adjusted the low-bounce and tapped it to point;
6.3;?;Bradshaw to Katich, no run fullish, on the off and middle, Katich stays at his crease, pushes the ball towards cover;
6.2;?;Bradshaw to Katich, no run this time he gets his radar right, hurls one outside the off stump, Katich pokes at it, doesn't get a touch and the ball dies down on its way to the keeper;
6.2;1w;Bradshaw to Katich, 1 wide Another one that drifts aimlessly down the leg side. Bradshaw is having some problem here;
6.1;?;Bradshaw to Katich, no run fullish on the middle and the off stump, came in with the angle, pushed to the on side;
6.1;1w;Bradshaw to Katich, 1 wide down the leg side, attempted flick, doesn't connect;
5.6;4;Edwards to Ponting, FOUR runs fullish and well outside the off stump. Ponting reaches for it and throws the kitchen sink at it and the ball gets the outside edge, goes in the air but over the point fielder and thats that.;
5.5;?;Edwards to Ponting, no run landed slightly short of length, outside the off stump and it held its line. Ponting tried to force it off the back foot, but didtn connect well and the ball rolls to the covers;
5.4;?;Edwards to Ponting, no run on the corridor of uncertainity, Ponting thrusts his left foot forward, covers the stumps and then, shoulders arms;
5.3;?;Edwards to Ponting, no run fullish on the off stump line, pushed to mid-off;
5.2;4;Edwards to Ponting, FOUR runs lovely flick. it was on the middle and leg, Ponting waited for the ball to arrive, turned his wrists and tickled it down to the fine-leg fence.;
5.1;1;Edwards to Katich, 1 run fidel to katich. short and rising. hit the deck around the off stump and kicked up chest high. Katich was made to hop, took his bottom hand out of the handle,and steered it to third man;
4.6;?;Bradshaw to Ponting, no run angled across Ponting who keeps his left foot out, covers the stumps and shoulders arms.;
4.5;?;Bradshaw to Ponting, no run another overpitched delivery but this time on the off stump line. Ponting leans forward and drives it to mid-off;
4.4;2;Bradshaw to Ponting, 2 runs fullish, on the legs and that's bread and butter for Ponting. He leans forward, turns the ball past midwicket;
4.3;?;Bradshaw to Ponting, no run on a length, around the off stump, Ponting comes forward and pushes it to the covers;
4.2;?;Bradshaw to Ponting, no run;
4.1;1;Bradshaw to Katich, 1 run Almost a run-out again! It was fullish on the middle and leg, Katich tries to turn it on to the leg side but is beaten by the swing, the ball runs to point where Dwayne smith picks the cherry and hurls it on the non-strikers end and if it had hit, that would have been hit;
3.6;?;Edwards to Ponting, no run hit the deck, around a length, on the off and middle, Ponting goes back, turns the ball to Lara at midwicket;
3.5;?;Edwards to Ponting, no run Edwards dragged back the length this time. Slightly short of a length, outside the off stump, Ponting goes back and across, plays it quietly to the off side;
3.4;2;Edwards to Ponting, 2 runs fullish and hint of out swing. Ponting is ready, leans forward, waits for the swing and pushes it straight down the track, past the bowler;
3.3;?;Edwards to Ponting, no run full and outside the off stump, Ponting lets it go through to the wicket keeper;
3.3;1w;Edwards to Ponting, 1 wide Attempted yorker goes awry. way down the leg side;
3.2;W;Edwards to Jaques, OUT clean bowled! Got him! Full, swinging in and that was enough. It came back in the air, landed on the middle and off, and Jacques tries to go for a off drive is beaten by the movement in and the ball threads the bat and pad gap to crash into the stumps;Phil Jaques b Edwards 2 (15m 11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 18.18;
3.1;1;Edwards to Katich, 1 run just outside the off stump, slightly short of length, Katich goes back and across, places it wide of the third man for a single;
2.6;?;Bradshaw to Jaques, no run beaten! landed on a length, just outside the off stump, a nervous poke;
2.5;?;Bradshaw to Jaques, no run landed on a length, outside the off stump, left alone;
2.4;?;Bradshaw to Jaques, no run;
2.3;?;Bradshaw to Jaques, no run drifting down the leg side. Also, again, it kept low and went to the keeper on a bounce.;
2.2;1lb;Bradshaw to Katich, 1 leg bye on the legs.... attmepted to flick it away , runs off the pad.to shortish fineleg;
2.1;?;Bradshaw to Katich, no run Beaten! landed short of a length, outside the offstump and kicked up. Slash and a miss.;
1.6;1lb;Edwards to Katich, 1 leg bye;
1.5;?;Edwards to Katich, no run;
1.4;1lb;Edwards to Jaques, 1 leg bye;
1.3;?;Edwards to Jaques, no run;
1.2;1;Edwards to Katich, 1 run hit the deck around the off stump, kicked up, Jacques let it come to him, cut it past gully, out to the third man;
1.1;1;Edwards to Jaques, 1 run Good ball first up. landed on a length, around the off stump, a 85.5mph delivery, Jacques goes back to tap it gently to the off side;
0.6;?;Bradshaw to Katich, no run After again knocking off the bails on his delivery stride for the second ball in succession, Bradshaw runs in again. another length ball, just outside the off stump, played quietly to covers;
0.5;?;Bradshaw to Katich, no run another length ball and it kept a touch low. Nothing alarming mind you. tapped to the off side;
0.4;?;Bradshaw to Katich, no run Landed on a length, and straightened. Katich pats it back to the bowler;
0.4;1w;Bradshaw to Katich, 1 wide Down the leg side. And also it didnt carry to the keeper;
0.3;?;Bradshaw to Katich, no run landed on a length, on the middle and off, and came in with the angle and beat the intended poke and thudded into the thigh pads;
0.2;1;Bradshaw to Jaques, 1 run Almost a run-out! Jacques stumbled as he went for a run, after flicking it to right of Dwayne Bravo at square-leg, and if Bravo throw had hit the sticks, Jacques would have been on his bike.In fact he lost his shoe.;
0.1;?;Bradshaw to Jaques, no run drifting on to the pads. Jacques tries to flick it away, doesn't connect and it runs off the pads to the leg side;

Commentary update We apologise for the lack of commentary at the moment but this is due to a technical problem that we are working to resolve. The live scores will continue and commentary will resume shortly.
Hello! and a warm welcome to the first ODI of the DLF Cup. I am Sriram Veera and it will be my privelege to take you through the day's proceedings.
The news in is that Australia have won the toss and will have a bat first.
 Innings Start
Australia
West Indies
1st Match (D/N), Kuala Lumpur, Sep 12 2006, DLF Cup
279/9
201
Player of the match is Shane Watson, AUS
Australia won by 78 runs
