Data
2.49pm So finally 338 all out, Jadeja ends with a four-for as India come back strongly but spare a thought for Steven Smith, who once again showed his class with a magnificent hundred even if the wickets kept tumbling at the other end.
nikhil mehta: "Jadeja should be credited with 5W. What a throw !"
ABHIJITH: "That jaddu's fifer!!!"
Nitin K: "Ravindra Jadeja is the best fielder in the world. Period."
Geoff: "Nitin K - no way is Jadeja the best fielder in the world. Guptill is far better for starters." --- Ouch.
105.4;W;Bumrah to Smith, 1 run, OUT length ball at the stumps, looks to push it on the off side but gets an inside edge towards square leg, he wants to come back for the second but Jadeja sprints to the ball from deep square leg, a one-handed pick up and a direct hit to find Smith short despite the dive;Steven Smith run out (Jadeja) 131 (298m 226b 16x4 0x6) SR: 57.96;;
105.3;?;Bumrah to Smith, no run length ball angling on to the pads, finds himself in awkward, cramped position and misses the flick;
105.2;2;Bumrah to Smith, 2 runs length ball on middle and leg, flicks it towards fine leg for two more;
105.1;4;Bumrah to Smith, FOUR runs short of length outside off, a tennis forehand from Smith to hit to the deep midwicket boundary;
104.6;?;Jadeja to Hazlewood, no run length ball on the stumps, defends it on the leg side;
104.5;?;Jadeja to Hazlewood, no run fuller on the stumps, flicks it towards midwicket but they don't take the single;
104.4;1;Jadeja to Smith, 1 run short of length outside off, steers it behind point;
104.3;2;Jadeja to Smith, 2 runs another attempted scoop and he gets some bat this time, over short fine for a couple;
104.2;?;Jadeja to Smith, no run length ball around off, looks to scoop it over but misses;
104.1;2;Jadeja to Smith, 2 runs length ball around off and middle, skips down and flicks it towards midwicket, comes back for the second;
103.6;?;Bumrah to Hazlewood, no run short of length outside off from around the wicket, left alone;
103.5;3;Bumrah to Smith, 3 runs aims for a yorker at the stumps, Smith backs away and takes it on the full, hits straight down the ground. A desperate chase from Gill to pull it just inside, they take three;
103.4;1;Bumrah to Hazlewood, 1 run fuller around off, defends it towards the right of extra cover and sneaks in a quick single;
103.3;1;Bumrah to Smith, 1 run fuller at the stumps, gives himself some room and hits it inside out through extra cover for a single;
103.2;4;Bumrah to Smith, FOUR runs backs away this time to the short ball and ramps it over slips for four;
103.1;2;Bumrah to Smith, 2 runs clears his front leg and hits it over extra cover and they collect two;
102.6;?;Jadeja to Hazlewood, no run pitched up again, defended back;
102.5;?;Jadeja to Hazlewood, no run fuller around off, pushes on the off side;
102.4;W;Jadeja to Lyon, OUT another full delivery gets Jadeja a wicket. This time it hits Lyon full on the shoe and the umpire had no hesitation in giving him out lbw. He reviews immediately but that's more in hope than anything else. No bat involved there, the impact is in line and Lyon is already near the boundary line as the third umpire asks for the Hawk-Eye. Would have crashed into middle and leg;Nathan Lyon lbw b Jadeja 0 (3m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;;
102.3;?;Jadeja to Lyon, no run fuller around off, comes forward and blocks;
102.2;1;Jadeja to Smith, 1 run fuller outside off, driven through covers but only for one;
102.1;4;Jadeja to Smith, FOUR runs Smith has decided to cut loose. Goes for the slog sweep and dispatches this to deep square leg boundary;
101.6;?;Saini to Lyon, no run length outside off, moves away off the seam to beat the bat as Lyon was looking to defend it. A mild enquiry for caught-behind but not out;
101.5;W;Saini to Starc, OUT and the plan has eventually paid off. Another short of length delivery outside off, Starc cannot resist the temptation of another pull but this time it's a top edge and Gill runs a couple of steps forward and to his left and settles under it;Mitchell Starc c Shubman Gill b Saini 24 (31m 30b 2x4 1x6) SR: 80;;
101.4;2;Saini to Starc, 2 runs short of length outside off, Starc once again goes for the full, wasn't in control but enough on it to clear mid-on. Gill chases it but it is out of his reach;
101.3;6;Saini to Starc, SIX runs length ball on the leg stump and Starc pulls it away nonchalantly, there is a fielder at deep square leg but he doesn't mind, clears the boundary line on the full;
101.2;?;Saini to Starc, no run back to bouncer but on the leg stump, Starc fails to connect the hook;
101.2;1nb;Saini to Starc, (no ball) a high full toss, looked like that slipped from Saini's hand. But thankfully it was way outside off. Saini apologies, called a no-ball though;
101.1;?;Saini to Starc, no run a bouncer but Starc had no problem ducking under that;
100.6;?;Jadeja to Smith, no run length ball at the stumps, stands tall and punches it back;
100.5;?;Jadeja to Smith, no run skips down the track before thrusting his bat and pad at this length ball;
100.4;1;Jadeja to Starc, 1 run fuller around off, looks to go for a big hit over long-on but doesn't middle it. A single to deep midwicket;
100.3;?;Jadeja to Starc, no run length ball around off, goes back and pushes it to the right of Jadeja but he is quick to field it himself;
100.2;?;Jadeja to Starc, no run too full around off, pushes back towards the bowler;
100.1;1;Jadeja to Smith, 1 run fuller around off, pushes it towards covers;

Thanks, Saurabh
 Innings Start
3.26 pm: This just in from the BCCI - Rishabh Pant was hit on the left elbow while batting in the second session on Saturday. He has been taken for scans. And Gnasher - or Andrew McGlashan as you all might know him - confirms that 'Saha is warming up.' Gnasher has also spotted Jadeja warming up, so that blow he took might not have been that bad.

Mohit : "So I guess this is the perfect conclusion for Saha vs Pant debate... Pant to bat and Saha to keep!"
Ayaz: "A substitute keeper is allowed? Thought only fielders were allowed to come as subs."
- keepers are also allowed now, Ayaz.
3.15pm All over for India then, the tail wrapped up quickly and a collapse of their own. India weren't looking that bad earlier, nearly 200 and four down before Pant and Pujara fell in quick succession to start a collapse of 6 for 49. It was the new ball and the relentless accuracy of this excellent pace attack that combined along with the three run-outs to give Australia a handy lead of 94 runs. Could have been much more but Jadeja collected some useful boundaries, especially against Starc, to take India to 244. Gnasher confirms from the ground that Saha is warming up so Pant's injury might not be a small one. Let's see what we come to know of Jadeja's thumb injury too. It's tea and Saurabh will be back after the break
Aneesh Mohimen: "Aus 105 overs for 338. India 100 overs for 244. That's the difference right there. Combination of batting intent and tighter bowling."
Nilesh Malhotra: "See the value of Pujara's dot balls!! Atleast he held the innings together. Once he is gone its a collapse. I wouldnt mind him playing more dot balls."
100.4;W;Cummins to Siraj, OUT It's a length delivery that's close to the stumps, and it's actually been given out because Australia believe there was an edge. Wasn't much of an appeal there but he was given out almost immediately. India review and Snicko confirms there was an outside edge as Siraj tried to poke after backing away a bit;Mohammed Siraj c ?Paine b Cummins 6 (27m 10b 1x4 0x6) SR: 60;;
100.3;?;Cummins to Siraj, no run doesn't move much this time and ducks yet again under the bouncer;
100.2;?;Cummins to Siraj, no run makes room early this time, it's short again and he tries to get bat on it but misses;
100.1;?;Cummins to Siraj, no run oh, he's ducked under it almost as soon as it's been delivered. Siraj sees the ball come out of the hand and ducks, and then has a smile for Cummins;
99.6;4;Green to Jadeja, FOUR runs short, pulled and that's four! Useful runs for India but it means Siraj on strike against Starc in the next over;
99.5;?;Green to Jadeja, no run another run out on the cards, not a direct hit this time. Jadeja nudges the ball to leg and Siraj wants one so that Jadeja keeps strike for next over, he's sent back quickly and the midwicket fielder misses the stumps at the bowler's end;
99.4;?;Green to Jadeja, no run short ball rising on Jadeja, he stays back and keeps it down;
99.3;?;Green to Jadeja, no run goes for the cut outside off and misses this time;
99.2;?;Green to Jadeja, no run the short ball barrage continues, Jadeja lets this one go;
99.1;?;Green to Jadeja, no run Jadeja makes room early for the short ball and scythes that fine to third man. They decide against the single;
98.6;1;Starc to Jadeja, 1 run short ball outside off, Jadeja ramps and it's hurrying towards the boundary where Lyon does very well to slide and save a few. Jadeja keeps strike;
98.5;?;Starc to Jadeja, no run almost taken at short leg! Jadeja flicks that and it went quickly to Labuschagne's right, he did very well to get a hand to it but it didn't stick in;
98.4;?;Starc to Jadeja, no run awkward short ball towards the ribs, makes Jadeja hop and he defends.;;
98.3;2;Starc to Jadeja, 2 runs length delivery outside off, Jadeja pushes it into the covers and that's another quick two;
98.2;2;Starc to Jadeja, 2 runs goes for a big heave, doesn't middle it at all and the ball goes high right behind the keeper towards the boundary. Lyon chases it from third man and Jadeja hurries back for the second;
98.1;4;Starc to Jadeja, FOUR runs starts with the short ball, Jadeja attacks with a hook and he gets enough on that to beat fine leg and it lands just inside the boundary rope;

Ammad: "Delightful to watch the aussie pacers bowl such tight lengths and the fielders finally backing them up. Test cricket back to its very best"
Saurabh: "Jadeja needs to come ahead of Pant and Vihari"
 Innings Start
Australia
India
3rd Test, Sydney, Jan 7 - 11 2021, India tour of Australia
338 &
244 &
Player of the match is Steven Smith, AUS
Match drawn
