Data
1.35pm New Zealand will have 45 overs to play today, I think.
ModernUmpsPlz: "I'm pretty sure Smith just wound about 10 metres worth of tape around just his index finger. That was interesting to watch."
1.34pm Australia declare on 556 for 4. Voges remains unbeaten on 83 in his first Test innings at home. The Australian players are already out on the field, warming up by pulling on a bunch of stretchy rope thingummies. Resistance bands, I think they're called. Perhaps.
130.2;W;Williamson to Khawaja, OUT gone, a wicket for Williamson. And Australia have declared. Looks to reverse-sweep a full, flat one, and scoops a catch to backward point, who dives forward to scoop it up low;Usman Khawaja c Guptill b Williamson 174 (374m 239b 16x4 2x6) SR: 72.8;
130.1;1;Williamson to Voges, 1 run full on middle stump, whipped to long-on;
129.6;?;Bracewell to Khawaja, no run full on off stump, driven to mid-on;
129.5;?;Bracewell to Khawaja, no run length ball slanting away wide of off stump. Khawaja flashes and misses;
129.4;1;Bracewell to Voges, 1 run full on off stump, driven down to long-on with a lot of bottom hand;
129.3;4;Bracewell to Voges, FOUR runs fullish, wide of off stump, and he uses all that swinging room to power a flat-bat mow down the ground, to the left of mid-on;
129.2;?;Bracewell to Voges, no run length ball outside off, Voges plays a checked flat-bat drive to short cover;
129.1;?;Bracewell to Voges, no run full on off stump, clipped to short midwicket;
128.6;?;Williamson to Khawaja, no run length ball, no turn, slips down the leg side as Khawaja misses the flick;
128.5;1;Williamson to Voges, 1 run shortish down the leg side, pulled to deep backward square leg;
128.4;?;Williamson to Voges, no run another reverse-sweep. Takes the low full-toss from in front of middle and off and finds backward point;
128.3;3;Williamson to Khawaja, 3 runs short and a long way outside off. Khawaja waits a long time and dabs it fine towards the third man boundary. Picks up three by the time backward point chases it down;
128.2;1;Williamson to Voges, 1 run short on off stump, pulled to deep midwicket;
128.1;1;Williamson to Khawaja, 1 run flat, angling into the pads. Khawaja goes back and works it through square leg;
127.6;1;Bracewell to Khawaja, 1 run length ball on off stump, punched down the ground towards mid-off;
127.5;?;Bracewell to Khawaja, no run goes back to a length ball angling away from off stump and plays a deft late steer. Williamson dives to his right at gully to cut it off;
127.4;?;Bracewell to Khawaja, no run shortish outside off, dabbed to backward point;
127.3;1;Bracewell to Voges, 1 run short ball angling into the body, pulled to long leg;
127.2;?;Bracewell to Voges, no run good carry through to Watling there. Voges looked to make room and slice the length ball away through the off side, and the ball bounced over his angled bat;
127.1;?;Bracewell to Voges, no run full and wide, driven to short cover;
126.6;2;Craig to Khawaja, 2 runs shortish on off stump, makes a bit of room and squeezes it away to the right of backward point;
126.5;1;Craig to Voges, 1 run flighted ball outside off, whipped down to long-on;
126.4;?;Craig to Voges, no run further outside off now, reverse-swept to backward point;
126.3;4;Craig to Voges, FOUR runs flattish length ball and he uses the pace well to reverse-sweep nice and fine to the third man boundary;
126.2;?;Craig to Voges, no run tossed up outside off, whipped towards long-on. McCullum moves quickly from a straight midwicket to cut off the single;
126.1;1;Craig to Khawaja, 1 run tossed up, angling down leg, swept to deep backward square leg;
85.6;?;Boult to Khawaja, no run length ball shapes away outside off, and Khawaja waves it through to the keeper;
85.5;3;Boult to Smith, 3 runs too full, too wide, and Smith jabs down on it to find the gap to the right of cover point;
85.4;1;Boult to Khawaja, 1 run length ball angling into off stump and he gets right across to work it wide of midwicket;
85.3;?;Boult to Khawaja, no run full outside off, and he gets a big stride out to block it;
85.2;?;Boult to Khawaja, no run length ball in the corridor, left alone;
85.1;4;Boult to Khawaja, FOUR runs short ball on leg stump, and there's the hundred! Steps across and swivels to smash it to the long leg boundary. Big leap at the non-striker's end, a la Warner, and a look up to the sky. The emotions aren't hard to read on his face. He's waited more than two years for another crack at Test cricket, and he's grabbed the opportunity quite brilliantly;
84.6;?;Southee to Smith, no run length ball, fourth-stump line, defended with the angle to mid-on;
84.5;?;Southee to Smith, no run fullish outside off, Smith leaves;
84.4;?;Southee to Smith, no run shorter now, over middle stump, and Smith defends off the back foot into the covers;
84.3;4;Southee to Smith, FOUR runs too full, too straight, and Smith flicks it delightfully, just leans over it and whips his wrists through to find the square leg boundary;
84.2;3;Southee to Khawaja, 3 runs a bit wider and Khawaja gets a good stride out, head over the ball, to ease a drive through square cover;
84.1;?;Southee to Khawaja, no run length ball on off stump, punched firmly to mid-off;
125.6;?;Bracewell to Voges, no run full on off stump and that is driven crisply back, straight onto the stumps at the other end;
125.5;?;Bracewell to Voges, no run length ball, fourth-stump line, gets on the front foot to push it back to the bowler;
125.4;1;Bracewell to Khawaja, 1 run short ball, pulled off the hips to long leg;
125.3;2;Bracewell to Khawaja, 2 runs fullish length ball outside off, eased past the diving fielder at short cover, just manouevres it to his right by opening his bat face;
125.2;?;Bracewell to Khawaja, no run length ball outside off, dabbed to backward point;
125.1;?;Bracewell to Khawaja, no run length ball, fourth-stump line, blocked to short extra;
124.6;?;Craig to Voges, no run flighted length ball outside off, presses forward and blocks it;
124.5;?;Craig to Voges, no run drops his length back and it turns towards leg stump. Voges reverse-laps to backward point;
124.4;?;Craig to Voges, no run floats it up wide of off stump and Voges can't connect with the reverse-sweep;
124.3;1;Craig to Khawaja, 1 run full on leg stump, clipped to deep square leg;
124.2;?;Craig to Khawaja, no run full on off stump, jabbed out into the covers;
124.1;1;Craig to Voges, 1 run down the track, swipes the full-toss down to long-on;
123.6;?;Boult to Khawaja, no run full on off stump, driven towards mid-off;
123.5;1;Boult to Voges, 1 run full, angling into off stump, driven to mid-off;
123.4;?;Boult to Voges, no run length ball on off stump, looks to make room by coming forward but not across, and dabs to the man at gully;
123.3;?;Boult to Voges, no run length ball swinging into off and middle, blocked back to the bowler;
123.2;1;Boult to Khawaja, 1 run length ball wide of off stump, reaches out to steer it to deep point;
123.1;2;Boult to Khawaja, 2 runs length ball angling into off stump, no swing. Khawaja goes on the back foot and works it with the angle into the midwicket region. The fielder has to come in off the rope and they steal two;
122.6;?;Craig to Voges, no run flighted ball on off stump, clipped to midwicket;
122.5;1;Craig to Khawaja, 1 run back of a length on off stump. Goes deep in his crease to tuck it away through square leg;
122.4;?;Craig to Khawaja, no run looks to drive inside-out as Craig tosses one up outside off. Dips and turns past his edge;
122.3;2;Craig to Khawaja, 2 runs slow flight outside off and Khawaja leans across to lap it over his shoulder and into the fine leg region;
122.2;?;Craig to Khawaja, no run tossed up on off stump, blocked into the off side;
122.1;1;Craig to Voges, 1 run length ball on off stump, worked with the turn through square leg;
121.6;?;Boult to Khawaja, no run length ball outside off, and it straightens away late to beat Khawaja's no-feet prod;
121.5;?;Boult to Khawaja, no run length ball outside off, left alone;
121.4;?;Boult to Khawaja, no run looks for the yorker again, slips it down the leg side. Khawaja misses the flick;
121.3;4;Boult to Khawaja, FOUR runs aims for the blockhole and ends up bowling a full-toss on off and middle and he clips it away into the gap between midwicket and mid-on;
121.2;?;Boult to Khawaja, no run length ball outside off and Khawaja looks to slog it into the leg side. Doesn't time it and it rolls to mid-on;
121.1;4;Boult to Khawaja, FOUR runs length ball on middle and off, some swing away. Khawaja looks to flick with the angle and the edge flies to the third man boundary to bring up his 150;
120.6;?;Craig to Voges, no run tossed up very full wide of off stump, jams it down into the ground and it bounces back to hit his body;
120.5;4;Craig to Voges, FOUR runs flighted ball wide of off stump, sweeps with the turn and sweeps fine to find the fine leg boundary;
120.4;?;Craig to Voges, no run flighted ball outside off, defended with the turn towards short midwicket;
120.3;1;Craig to Khawaja, 1 run fullish and flat on middle and off, gets forward to nudge with the angle towards midwicket;
120.2;3;Craig to Voges, 3 runs flighted ball outside off, and now it's Voges' turn to sweep, down towards long leg. Guptill has to chase back from backward square leg;
120.1;1;Craig to Khawaja, 1 run tossed up outside off, swept to deep midwicket;
119.6;?;Boult to Voges, no run length ball on middle and leg, tucked away quietly towards midwicket;
119.5;?;Boult to Voges, no run length ball, fourth-stump line, gets a good stride out to block into the covers;
119.4;?;Boult to Voges, no run very full outside off. Looks to jab a drive into the covers and drags it to midwicket instead, thanks to the swing;
119.3;2;Boult to Voges, 2 runs too straight this time, swinging down leg, clipped away towards deep backward square leg;
119.2;?;Boult to Voges, no run another good ball, bringing Voges forward to defend and swinging it in towards off stump. Plays it well, nice straight bat towards mid-off;
119.1;?;Boult to Voges, no run length ball swinging into off stump, defended off the front foot;
118.6;?;Craig to Khawaja, no run back of a length close to off stump, goes deep in his crease to block square on the off side;
118.5;1;Craig to Voges, 1 run flighted and full outside off, whipped to long-on;
118.4;1;Craig to Khawaja, 1 run tossed up on middle stump, swept firmly to deep square leg;
118.3;4;Craig to Khawaja, FOUR runs tossed up outside leg and Khawaja clears his front leg to hoick Craig over midwicket;
118.2;1;Craig to Voges, 1 run full-toss wide outside off, flat-batted to the man at deep cover;
118.1;?;Craig to Voges, no run down the track, gets to the pitch for the firm drive back down the ground, and finds the bowler in the way;
117.6;4;Boult to Khawaja, FOUR runs short and wide, and Khawaja delays his cut just a touch to find the big gap at third man;
117.5;?;Boult to Khawaja, no run length ball outside off, defended towards point;
117.4;1;Boult to Voges, 1 run length ball swinging into the pads, glanced towards long leg;
117.3;?;Boult to Voges, no run fuller, a bit more swing, but it starts well down the leg side;
117.2;?;Boult to Voges, no run good length outside off, only a tiny suggestion of movement back in, left alone;
117.1;1;Boult to Khawaja, 1 run starts with a short ball wide of off stump, slapped to the man at deep point;
116.6;4;Craig to Voges, FOUR runs here's the short ball, sits up at waist height and Voges pulls to the square leg boundary;
116.5;?;Craig to Voges, no run length ball outside off, brings Voges forward to defend. He's struggled to repeat that ball consistently;
116.4;?;Craig to Voges, no run short, turning down leg, pulled to backward square leg;
116.3;?;Craig to Voges, no run back of a length outside off. Voges goes on the back foot, lets it turn, and punches towards mid-on;
116.2;3;Craig to Khawaja, 3 runs short ball, pulled away towards deep midwicket;
116.1;?;Craig to Khawaja, no run back of a length, tucked off the hips to square leg;
115.6;1;Williamson to Khawaja, 1 run full on middle stump, clipped gently to the left of midwicket;
115.5;1;Williamson to Voges, 1 run tossed up on off stump and Voges gets forward and clips through midwicket to bring up his half-century. Good unfussy knock so far;
115.4;?;Williamson to Voges, no run length ball turning into off stump, goes on the back foot to defend into the on side;
115.3;1;Williamson to Khawaja, 1 run goes back to cut and the ball slides on with the angle to cramp him, and he adjusts to chop towards short third man;
115.2;1;Williamson to Voges, 1 run full outside off, driven with a lot of bottom hand to long-on;
115.1;2;Williamson to Voges, 2 runs slow flight wide of off stump and Voges stretches out to drive through cover;
114.6;?;Craig to Khawaja, no run tossed up outside leg, Khawaja can't put bat on ball as he looks to sweep, and the ball hits his front pad;
114.5;1;Craig to Voges, 1 run down the track again, this one's a bit straighter and he clips to long-on;
114.4;?;Craig to Voges, no run down the track now as Craig flights one outside off, stretches out to block it back to the bowler;
114.3;4;Craig to Voges, FOUR runs this one's just about short enough, and Voges rocks back quickly, gets deep in his crease, to cut late to the left of backward point;
114.2;?;Craig to Voges, no run flighted outside off. Voges shapes to cut, but realised it isn't short enough, and left it alone;
114.1;?;Craig to Voges, no run length ball turning into middle stump. Goes on the back foot and clips it towards square leg;
113.6;?;Williamson to Khawaja, no run full on off stump, checked drive to short extra cover;
113.5;?;Williamson to Khawaja, no run shortish outside off, slapped to cover;
113.4;1;Williamson to Voges, 1 run tossed up outside off, clipped to long-on;
113.3;1;Williamson to Khawaja, 1 run shortish outside off, slapped to sweeper cover;
113.2;1;Williamson to Voges, 1 run a bit of flight outside off, whipped down to long-on;
113.1;?;Williamson to Voges, no run;
112.6;?;Craig to Khawaja, no run flighted ball wide of off, left alone;
112.5;1;Craig to Voges, 1 run full on off stump, clipped into the gap to the left of square leg;
112.4;?;Craig to Voges, no run tossed up nicely outside off, some dip and turn there. Looks to drive through cover, I think, and it ends up going to mid-off;
112.3;?;Craig to Voges, no run slow flight on middle stump, blocked to short midwicket;
112.2;1;Craig to Khawaja, 1 run full on off stump, driven to long-off;
112.1;4;Craig to Khawaja, FOUR runs boom. A bit of flight on off stump and he gets down on one knee and heaves that down the ground, back over the non-striker's head;
111.6;1;Williamson to Khawaja, 1 run full-toss on off stump, whipped to long-on;
111.5;?;Williamson to Khawaja, no run back of a length, skids through with the angle towards middle stump. Defended off the back foot back down the pitch;
111.4;1;Williamson to Voges, 1 run tossed up on off stump, driven to long-on;
111.3;2;Williamson to Voges, 2 runs short on off stump, pulled to deep square leg;
111.2;?;Williamson to Voges, no run quicker and flatter outside off, left alone;
111.1;?;Williamson to Voges, no run fullish on off stump, looks to whip to long-on but Williamson chases it and stops the single;
110.6;?;Craig to Khawaja, no run length ball, skids through with the angle into the pads. Defended carefully off the back foot;
110.5;2;Craig to Khawaja, 2 runs length ball turning away a touch from off stump. Khawaja sweeps firmly to deep square leg;
110.4;?;Craig to Khawaja, no run brings him forward now, drives the wide-ish ball towards cover point;
110.3;?;Craig to Khawaja, no run on the short side again and he cuts to backward point;
110.2;?;Craig to Khawaja, no run not as short this time and Khawaja goes back to cut again. Hurries through and beats his edge. Bounces off Watling's gloves;
110.1;?;Craig to Khawaja, no run short outside off, slapped to backward point;
109.6;?;Neesham to Voges, no run length ball outside off, good stride forward to block towards mid-off;
109.5;?;Neesham to Voges, no run length ball close to off stump, defended to mid-on;
109.4;4;Neesham to Voges, FOUR runs short outside off, and Voges is quickly in position to punish it, pulls off the front foot and finds the gap to the right of wide mid-on;
109.3;2;Neesham to Voges, 2 runs full and wide, driven crisply past the man at short cover. Deep point runs around to cut it off at the boundary;
109.2;?;Neesham to Voges, no run back of a length outside off, left alone;
109.1;?;Neesham to Voges, no run full outside off, Voges gets a big stride out to block it back to the bowler;
108.6;1;Craig to Voges, 1 run length ball turning into middle stump, tucked away towards square leg;
108.5;4;Craig to Voges, FOUR runs fuller this time, some width too, and he drives it well to the cover boundary;
108.4;?;Craig to Voges, no run Voges steps out and the ball dips on him and spins in sharply to beat Voges as he looks to play around that front pad. Possible stumping chance down the leg side, but BJ had to handle some pretty sharp turn and bounce;
108.3;4;Craig to Voges, FOUR runs short ball turning into middle and leg, pulled away easily to the backward square leg boundary;
108.2;1;Craig to Khawaja, 1 run shortish outside off, pulled to the left of mid-on;
108.1;?;Craig to Khawaja, no run tossed up wide of off stump, left alone;
107.6;?;Neesham to Voges, no run length ball close to off stump, blocked towards mid-on;
107.5;?;Neesham to Voges, no run length ball, very wide of off stump, easy leave;
107.4;1;Neesham to Khawaja, 1 run full on off stump, whipped away through midwicket;
107.3;2;Neesham to Khawaja, 2 runs full outside off, driven crisply to the right of mid-off;
107.2;?;Neesham to Khawaja, no run a bit wider, and Khawaja drives wavily towards cover point;
107.1;?;Neesham to Khawaja, no run length ball outside off, left alone;
106.6;?;Bracewell to Voges, no run fullish on off stump, driven to mid-off;
106.5;?;Bracewell to Voges, no run length ball wide of off stump, left alone;
106.4;?;Bracewell to Voges, no run another short ball, this one's easier to avoid, since it's angled a fair way down leg;
106.3;?;Bracewell to Voges, no run bouncer just outside off. Voges gets into a semi-crouch to evade it;
106.2;?;Bracewell to Voges, no run a bit fuller along the same line outside off and Voges punches this more firmly, again to mid-on;
106.1;?;Bracewell to Voges, no run full outside off, Voges comes forward and blocks to mid-on;
105.6;?;Neesham to Khawaja, no run fullish on off stump, and the away swing produces an error from Khawaja, who looks to work it into the leg side and sends it rolling off the leading edge towards cover;
105.5;1;Neesham to Voges, 1 run length ball angling into middle stump, and Voges lets it come on and drops it softly into the leg side with a straight bat;
105.4;?;Neesham to Voges, no run fullish outside off, left alone;
105.3;1;Neesham to Khawaja, 1 run follows up with a short, wide one that he taps for an easy single to deep point;
105.2;?;Neesham to Khawaja, no run good ball, starts his swing from closer to off stump and beats Khawaja after bringing him forward to drive;
105.1;?;Neesham to Khawaja, no run fourth-stump line this time, some swing away from the left-hander from a good length. Left alone;
105.1;1w;Neesham to Khawaja, 1 wide full and very wide outside off, ends up pitching almost in line with the return crease;
104.6;?;Bracewell to Voges, no run a bit closer to off stump, a bit of away movement. Voges leaves again;
104.6;?;Bracewell to Voges, no run length ball, good carry to Watling, who takes it above his shoulder, but a touch too wide to make Voges think of playing;
104.5;?;Bracewell to Voges, no run length ball outside off, a bit of swerve away, left alone;
104.4;1;Bracewell to Khawaja, 1 run too straight, flicked away to long leg;
104.3;?;Bracewell to Khawaja, no run length ball on middle stump, and Khawaja gets his front pad out of the way to clip to midwicket;
104.2;?;Bracewell to Khawaja, no run fullish length ball outside off, driven to short cover with an angled bat;
104.1;1nb;Bracewell to Khawaja, (no ball) full, close to off stump, driven firmly to mid-off;
103.6;1;Neesham to Khawaja, 1 run full on off stump, clipped towards midwicket, where the fielder makes a diving stop but can't save the single;
103.5;?;Neesham to Khawaja, no run back of a length, swinging away to accentuate the angle away from off stump, and Khawaja leaves it alone;
103.4;1;Neesham to Voges, 1 run length ball angling into middle and off, and Voges plays around his front pad again, manages to clip it down to deep backward square leg;
103.3;?;Neesham to Voges, no run very short, very wide. So short and wide that it's hard to hit. Reaches out, but can only smack it into the ground with the bottom part of his bat;
103.2;?;Neesham to Voges, no run length ball angling into, perhaps even swinging into, off stump, blocked towards midwicket;
103.1;?;Neesham to Voges, no run a bit of inswing, but all it does is take the ball down the leg side;
102.6;?;Bracewell to Khawaja, no run fuller now, slanting away from off stump, left alone;
102.5;?;Bracewell to Khawaja, no run good bouncer, rising over middle stump. Khawaja ducks low under it;
102.4;1;Bracewell to Voges, 1 run full outside off, Voges comes forward to drive, possibly to mid-off, and ends up whipping it into the leg side instead;
102.3;?;Bracewell to Voges, no run length ball outside off, left alone;
102.2;1;Bracewell to Khawaja, 1 run length ball on middle stump, tucked away to deep square leg;
102.1;?;Bracewell to Khawaja, no run ooh, good ball. Seams in from a good length as Khawaja comes half-forward and plays for the angle, looking to push to cover. Beats the inside edge;
101.6;?;Southee to Voges, no run now goes wider, sixth-stump line, left alone;
101.5;?;Southee to Voges, no run once again the full ball on middle stump. He's getting it to swing and straighten, and Voges is having to play around his front pad. Manages to do it again, clips it to midwicket;
101.4;?;Southee to Voges, no run full on middle stump, clipped to midwicket;
101.3;?;Southee to Voges, no run slightly shorter and wider than the previous ball, easier leave;
101.2;?;Southee to Voges, no run length ball, swings away from close to off stump, left alone;
101.1;?;Southee to Voges, no run full outswinger just outside off, blocked to mid-off;
100.5;?;Bracewell to Khawaja, no run length ball on off stump, blocked to mid-off;
100.5;?;Bracewell to Khawaja, no run shorter now, and Khawaja jumps back and across to defend into the covers;
100.4;?;Bracewell to Khawaja, no run now he goes wider, fifth-stump line, and Khawaja plays slightly away from his body to push that to short cover;
100.4;1nb;Bracewell to Khawaja, (no ball) length ball on off stump, defended to mid-on;
100.3;4;Bracewell to Khawaja, FOUR runs length ball on middle stump, a bit of inswing, and Khawaja glances it deftly to the fine leg boundary;
100.2;?;Bracewell to Khawaja, no run back of a length, angling across towards off stump. Khawaja defends to midwicket once again;
100.1;?;Bracewell to Khawaja, no run length ball on off stump, defended to midwicket;
99.6;?;Boult to Voges, no run good ball, fullish side of good length, swinging into middle and off. Voges looks to work it across the line, and gets a useful inside-edge into his pad;
99.5;3;Boult to Khawaja, 3 runs short, and Khawaja swivels on his back foot to pull this from outside off. Didn't quite middle it, and it slows down near the midwicket boundary;
99.4;?;Boult to Khawaja, no run a bit fuller and he gets half-forward to block into the covers;
99.3;?;Boult to Khawaja, no run length ball outside off, left alone;
99.2;1;Boult to Voges, 1 run some swing now, but once again into the pads, clipped away through square leg. This ball would have been perfect to the left-hander, and the previous one to the right-hander;
99.1;1lb;Boult to Khawaja, 1 leg bye angles this into the pads and Khawaja nudges it away towards backward square;
98.6;?;Bracewell to Voges, no run short again, not as wide as the one he hit for four. Voges cuts fiercely into the ground, bounces up to the man at gully;
98.5;?;Bracewell to Voges, no run fullish, fourth-stump line, a hint of shape away, left alone;
98.4;4;Bracewell to Voges, FOUR runs short and wide, slapped away easily to the point boundary;
98.3;?;Bracewell to Voges, no run length ball outside off, left alone;
98.2;4;Bracewell to Voges, FOUR runs length ball angling in towards off stump. Voges doesn't go forward or back, and walks across his stumps instead, playing well in front of his body while defending. The ball straightens and runs away off his outside edge towards third man;
98.1;?;Bracewell to Voges, no run back of a length outside off, left alone;
97.6;1;Boult to Voges, 1 run and that's where this ball goes as Voges comes forward to clip the length ball with the swing, from an off-and-middle line;
97.5;?;Boult to Voges, no run and now the ball slanting away into the corridor. No swing on this, and Voges leaves well;
97.4;?;Boult to Voges, no run length ball swinging into leg stump. Voges comes forward and turns it around the corner to leg gully;
97.3;?;Boult to Voges, no run a bit of inswing towards middle stump. Voges stays on the back foot to tuck it to square leg;
97.2;?;Boult to Voges, no run back of a length on middle stump, blocked to midwicket;
97.1;1;Boult to Khawaja, 1 run slants this full down leg, and Khawaja flicks it away to long leg;
96.6;?;Bracewell to Voges, no run good length outside off, Voges leaves it alone;
96.5;1;Bracewell to Khawaja, 1 run straighter this time, a bit fuller, and Khawaja can tuck it quietly into the square leg region;
96.4;?;Bracewell to Khawaja, no run good ball, some extra bounce as Khawaja goes back and across to defend, and he pulls his bat away inside the line in a slightly startled manner;
96.3;?;Bracewell to Khawaja, no run back of a length, fourth-stump line, back and across to block to short extra cover;
96.2;?;Bracewell to Khawaja, no run fuller now, clipped to midwicket from an off-and-middle line;
96.1;?;Bracewell to Khawaja, no run starts with a short, rising ball on off stump, and Khawaja gets on his toes to drop it down softly in front of cover;
95.6;?;Boult to Voges, no run good length, not quite as full as the previous one. Still a touch too wide to tempt Voges into playing;
95.5;?;Boult to Voges, no run full outside off, a bit of shape in. Wide enough for Voges to leave safely;
95.4;?;Boult to Voges, no run good bouncer, gets up quickly over Voges' left shoulder, and he can't connect with his hook;
95.3;?;Boult to Voges, no run there's that inswing again as Voges props forward to defend. Strikes front pad but strikes it outside off;
95.2;4;Boult to Voges, FOUR runs full outside off, somewhere between overpitched and blockhole, and Voges drives down the ground, off the bottom half of the bat, and finds the boundary at long off despite McCullum's best efforts chasing back from mid-off;
95.1;1;Boult to Khawaja, 1 run back of a length, and Khawaja gets across to whip it through midwicket from outside off;
94.6;?;Southee to Voges, no run length ball on off stump, and Voges defends to mid-on;
94.5;?;Southee to Voges, no run good leave, this. It was close to his off stump and there was no swing away, but he got his front leg nicely forward, and seemed to assess the line perfectly;
94.4;?;Southee to Voges, no run big outswing, but starts wide enough outside off for Voges to leave with ease;
94.3;?;Southee to Voges, no run a bit closer to off stump and Voges defends off the front foot into the covers;
94.2;?;Southee to Voges, no run outswinger, fifth-stump line, left alone;
94.1;?;Southee to Voges, no run fullish on off stump, blocked firmly to short extra;
93.6;?;Boult to Khawaja, no run length ball close to off stump and Khawaja gets forward to defend into the covers;
93.5;3;Boult to Voges, 3 runs a bit straighter and Voges tucks it away through square leg;
93.4;?;Boult to Voges, no run length ball straightening towards off stump, Voges goes back and across and defends solidly;
93.3;W;Boult to Smith, OUT bowled him! Near-perfect left-armer's delivery, straightening a touch from a good length after pitching on off stump. Would have missed off stump if Smith hadn't helped it through, but the angle opened up the gap and the swing found the inside edge. Smith was playing with a stiff front leg, with no knee bend, and his pad came in the way of his bat-swing as he aimed a drive towards mid-off;Steven Smith b Boult 48 (98m 78b 8x4 0x6) SR: 61.53;
93.2;?;Boult to Smith, no run fullish, and the line's too far down leg. Smith can't get any bat on his attempted leg-side tickle;
93.1;1;Boult to Khawaja, 1 run back of a length, angling into off stump, Khawaja skips across his stumps and works it to long leg;
92.6;?;Southee to Smith, no run back of a length outside off, this one carries on with the angle rather than swinging away, and Smith jumps across to punch it back to the bowler;
92.6;1nb;Southee to Smith, (no ball) fullish outside off and Smith presses forward to block to short extra cover;
92.5;?;Southee to Smith, no run another good-looking straight drive on the up. This one goes straight to mid-off;
92.4;4;Southee to Smith, FOUR runs full, but not overpitched, and it was swinging away too, from just outside off stump, but Smith made this look easy, just drove with a straight bat, between the bowler and the stumps, and finished with high left elbow. Went off the inside half of the bat, actually, now that I've seen a replay;
92.3;1;Southee to Khawaja, 1 run back of a length, aiming at top of off. Khawaja shuffles across and tucks it into the midwicket region;
92.2;?;Southee to Khawaja, no run fuller this time, again some swing in to off stump, clipped to mid-on;
92.1;?;Southee to Khawaja, no run fullish, angling across before straightening towards off stump. Khawaja plays with the swing, defensively, to midwicket;
91.6;?;Boult to Smith, no run goes a bit shorter and ends up bowling it down the leg side;
91.5;?;Boult to Smith, no run good length outside off, and for once Smith is sucked into an angled-bat drive away from his body. Late inswing and the ball sneaks past his inside edge;
91.4;2;Boult to Smith, 2 runs full and wide, and there's a slight bit of inswing on it, so Smith's attempted extra-cover drive goes to the right of mid-off instead, off the inside half of his bat;
91.3;?;Boult to Smith, no run in the blockhole, swings in towards off stump, and Smith digs it out into the off side;
91.2;?;Boult to Smith, no run a bit fuller, fourth-stump line, another leave;
91.1;?;Boult to Smith, no run length ball slanted across Smith, no inswing. Left alone;
90.6;1;Southee to Smith, 1 run ooh, good ball. Smith comes forward to a length ball angled in from slightly wider of the crease, and has to bring his bat down slightly across his pad as it keeps coming in with the angle instead of straightening as every other ball has done. Manages to tuck it away through square leg;
90.5;?;Southee to Smith, no run lots of swing on this one, starts from fairly wide again, and Smith makes another comfortable leave;
90.4;?;Southee to Smith, no run fuller, still too wide to make Smith play;
90.3;?;Southee to Smith, no run a touch shorter in the corridor, and Smith covers his stumps and raises his bat over his head;
90.2;?;Southee to Smith, no run a bit fuller and wider, and Smith raises his bat behind him and watches it all the way into Watling's gloves;
90.1;?;Southee to Smith, no run length ball, fourth-stump line, good leave from Smith;
89.6;?;Boult to Khawaja, no run there's definitely some inclination to play this one, a beauty that straightens on a fourth-stump line. Perfect length, maybe juuust short of the perfect length, and Khawaja is opened up and beaten again;
89.5;?;Boult to Khawaja, no run curls away from a fullish length, fifth-stump line, and Khawaja shows no inclination to play at it;
89.4;?;Boult to Khawaja, no run that's a beauty. Spears it in fuller on off stump, and it straightens past Khawaja's outside edge as he opens up in defence. No movement forward or back there. LBW appeal as it strikes the back pad, not given. They've reviewed it... Seemed to strike outside the line of off, and would have missed off stump too, by my reckoning. They're still checking for an outside edge, and it is clear to see there is none. And yes, as I thought. Impact outside, and the ball was missing, and you didn't really need ball-tracking to tell you that.;
89.3;?;Boult to Khawaja, no run a bit wider again, easier leave;
89.2;?;Boult to Khawaja, no run better, angles it into the corridor and swings it away. A little fuller than the previous ball too. Good leave from Khawaja;
89.1;?;Boult to Khawaja, no run a bit wide to start, sixth stump and swinging further away. Khawaja leaves it alone;
88.6;?;Southee to Smith, no run good ball to end the over, a maiden. Straightens from back of a length on off stump, and Smith blocks it back towards the bowler;
88.5;?;Southee to Smith, no run length ball, fifth-stump line, just a bit of shape away. Smith leaves;
88.4;?;Southee to Smith, no run a little straighter, no swing this time, worked from middle stump to midwicket;
88.3;?;Southee to Smith, no run a bit fuller and Smith gets a decent stride out to defend to short extra;
88.2;?;Southee to Smith, no run opens up Smith with another well-pitched outswinger. Manages to squeeze a defensive poke into the covers nonetheless;
88.1;?;Southee to Smith, no run back of a length, a bit of outswing in the corridor. Smith leaves it alone;
87.6;?;Craig to Khawaja, no run tossed up full on off stump and he blocks it back to Craig;
87.5;?;Craig to Khawaja, no run back of a length outside off, gets on top of the bounce to flat-bat to mid-off;
87.4;?;Craig to Khawaja, no run ooh, another leave, and this one goes with the angle. Khawaja doesn't seem to unduly concerned, and that's because of the bounce. Wouldn't have hit the stumps even if it had begun on a straighter line;
87.3;?;Craig to Khawaja, no run more turn and bounce, but again it's too wide to make the batsman play;
87.2;?;Craig to Khawaja, no run a bit of turn and bounce, but it starts wide of off stump and Khawaja can leave easily;
87.1;?;Craig to Khawaja, no run tossed up wide of off stump, left alone;
86.6;4;Bracewell to Smith, FOUR runs full on off stump, and that is a beautiful shot, just shows everyone the bat sticker (the one on the face of his bat - I realise modern bats are stickered all over) and sends the ball rolling away between non-striker and mid-off;
86.5;?;Bracewell to Smith, no run fullish outside off and he steps across to defend to mid-on;
86.4;?;Bracewell to Smith, no run full outside off, driven crisply to mid-off;
86.3;?;Bracewell to Smith, no run back of a length, a bit of movement in to beat Smith's inside edge and hit him high on the pad as he shuffles across to defend;
86.2;?;Bracewell to Smith, no run full, a bit closer to off stump, driven to mid-on. Think that came off the inside half of his bat;
86.1;?;Bracewell to Smith, no run length ball outside off, left alone;

Bracewell comes on
Swashbuckling P: "Of the 4 Aussies today, Dave Warner has the lowest % of his score from boundaries, 50.3%, vs 51.5% for Khawaja, 67.6% for Burns and 70% for Smith. #properopener" -- It's not unusual either. He's known as a boundary-basher, but he always gets a lot of runs from deftly placed singles and twos. I reckon Warner could be the batsman with the highest proportion of twos in the world.
 Innings Start
Alex: "@Ivy, funnily enough, Southee wasn't picked to bat. Cut him a break - he is also in a bit of pain."
Ivy: "Well, that's a typical score in the 10s at a run a ball with no appreciation of the game state from Southee"
Azad: "Williamson could score runs for the rest of eternity here if he plays his natural game, but he has run out of partners!"
1.22pm Looks like Australia will not enforce the follow-on. The opening batsmen ran into the dressing room, and the others straggled off slowly, lots of handshakes and high-fives. Australia have a lead of 239.
82.2;W;Starc to Williamson, OUT full outside off, a bit of inswing, and Williamson goes for the aggresive drive, aiming through mid-off, and the ball kisses his inside edge through to the keeper to end a wonderful innings;Kane Williamson c ?Nevill b Starc 140 (292m 178b 24x4 0x6) SR: 78.65;
82.1;?;Starc to Williamson, no run length ball swinging into middle and off, clipped to midwicket;
81.6;?;Hazlewood to Boult, no run full on off stump, blocked to short extra cover;
81.5;1;Hazlewood to Williamson, 1 run length ball outside off, and a most unWilliamsonesque hoick gets him the single, wide of mid-on;
81.4;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run back of a length, angling down leg, tucked away to long leg. Doesn't take the single on offer;
81.3;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run length ball swinging away a long way wide of off stump. Almost no option but to leave that;
81.2;4;Hazlewood to Williamson, FOUR runs short and wide, and that's a poor ball even with third man and deep point back. Gets back and across and finds the gap perfectly with his cut;
81.1;2;Hazlewood to Williamson, 2 runs full and wide and Williamson reaches out to slice it over cover. Didn't quite get hold of it, but manages to pick up two;
80.6;?;Starc to Boult, no run that's almost the perfect inswinging off-stump yorker, and Boult just stood there and left it. Either it was supreme judgment of where his off-stump was, or plain old luck that he wasn't bowled;
80.5;W;Starc to Southee, OUT clatter. Clears his front leg again, and aims for the big heave over mid-on. Swings in, misses the bat by a long way, and takes out off stump;Tim Southee b Starc 14 (29m 14b 2x4 0x6) SR: 100;
80.4;?;Starc to Southee, no run there's the big shot. Spots the fullish length ball singing into him, and clears his front leg to hoick over the leg side. Beats his edge and hits his back leg;
80.3;1;Starc to Williamson, 1 run too full, clipped off the toes to deep square leg;
80.2;?;Starc to Williamson, no run back of a length, leg-stump line, tucked off the hips to midwicket;
80.1;1lb;Starc to Southee, 1 leg bye full, swinging into the pads, clipped away towards deep square leg. Ooh, wait, straight off the foot. Ouch.;
79.6;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run length ball angling into off stump, blocked to short cover;
79.5;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run short, angling into the body, gets on his toes to defend into the on side;
79.4;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run full outside off, shows the full face to drive to mid-off;
79.3;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run back of a length, angling away, and Williamson plays and misses. Was looking for another of those late dabs;
79.2;4;Johnson to Williamson, FOUR runs another one banged in short, and Williamson goes for the hook, gets a good chunk of it and gets it past Starc, to his left. Went over his outstretched left hand and landed just short of the boundary cushion. Starc was a few meters in off the rope;
79.1;1;Johnson to Southee, 1 run banged in short, pulled in the air, drops just short of Starc at long leg;
78.6;?;Starc to Williamson, no run back of a length, straightens a touch on off stump, blocked back to the bowler;
78.5;?;Starc to Williamson, no run back of a length on off stump, blocked to short cover;
78.4;2;Starc to Williamson, 2 runs back of a length, straightens outside off, Williamson waits on it and dabs it into the third man region;
78.3;?;Starc to Williamson, no run length ball wide of off stump, left alone;
78.2;?;Starc to Williamson, no run length ball, fourth-stump line, dabbed to gully;
78.1;1;Starc to Southee, 1 run looks for the full ball angling into the stumps, and Southee just stands there and flicks it away to long leg;
77.6;4;Johnson to Williamson, FOUR runs length ball wide of off stump and Williamson puts it away easily, just twirls his bat at it and sends it thudding into the point boundary;
77.5;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run full, angling in towards off stump. Williamson defends with soft hands towards point;
77.4;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run back of a length, angling into middle and off, gets on the back foot and defends towards mid-on;
77.3;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run ooh. Looks for that open-faced steer again and this time Johnson straightens it past his bat. Rare loose shot from Williamson;
77.2;4;Johnson to Williamson, FOUR runs length ball angling away, looked like Johnson rolled his fingers over it. Williamson got his head over the ball, waited, and steered it away with an open face, past the diving third slip fielder;
77.1;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run back of a length on off stump, gets nicely behind it to defend;
76.6;2;Marsh to Southee, 2 runs length ball on middle stump, whipped away into the unguarded mid-on area. Both long-on and deep midwicket are on the rope;
76.5;?;Marsh to Southee, no run shortish on off stump, and he stays inside the line and gets his hands high to defend down into the pitch;
76.4;2;Marsh to Southee, 2 runs shortish on off stump and he clubs it into the gap to the left of deep midwicket;
76.3;4;Marsh to Southee, FOUR runs shot! That's full on off stump, angling in, right in Southee's slot, and he swung cleanly through the line, kept a still head, and lofted over mid-on. One bounce and over the rope;
76.3;1nb;Marsh to Southee, (no ball) back of a length on middle stump, defended calmly off the back foot, down the pitch. Another no-ball from Marsh, but the back of his heel seemed to be slightly behind the line;
76.2;1;Marsh to Williamson, 1 run short, rising ball outside off, gets on his toes and punches to deep point;
76.1;?;Marsh to Williamson, no run back of a length on off stump, goes back and plays to mid-on with a turn of the wrists;
75.6;?;Johnson to Southee, no run a little wider on the same length, another swing and miss. Looked to hit on the up through cover, this time, no footwork at all;
75.5;?;Johnson to Southee, no run length ball angling away from off stump, and Southee swings and misses. Cleared his front leg and looked to smash that over mid-off;
75.4;1;Johnson to Williamson, 1 run full and wide, driven to deep point;
75.3;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run back of a length on off stump, straightens again, and Williamson defends into the off side, opening up a little;
75.2;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run beauty to follow up, angling in, back of a length, straightens in the corridor to beat his outside edge. Once again, he ensured his hands stayed close to his body, and didn't jab at the ball;
75.1;4;Johnson to Williamson, FOUR runs starts with a short ball wide of off stump, and Williamson waits on it and steers it away to the right of gully;
74.6;4;Marsh to Southee, FOUR runs angles this into the pads and Southee helps it away easily, down to the fine leg boundary;
74.5;?;Marsh to Southee, no run back of a length on off stump, defended nice and late, down towards gully;
74.4;W;Marsh to Bracewell, OUT bowled him! Excellent length, close to off stump, and maybe some inward movement too. Bracewell comes forward to defend, a small gap between bat and pad and he inside-edges onto his stumps;Doug Bracewell b Marsh 16 (49m 46b 1x4 0x6) SR: 34.78;
74.3;?;Marsh to Bracewell, no run back of a length, fourth-stump line, defended into the covers;
74.2;?;Marsh to Bracewell, no run full outside off, driven to mid-off;
74.1;?;Marsh to Bracewell, no run yorker to start, Bracewell digs down vigilantly to keep it out;
73.6;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run length ball outside off, goes back to chop it down to backward point;
73.5;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run quickish length ball angling into off stump. Skips back quickly to defend into the leg side;
73.4;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run tossed up on off stump, gets forward to clip to midwicket;
73.3;4;Lyon to Williamson, FOUR runs short again, and there's no one in that point region. Williamson skips away and cuts down on top of the bounce;
73.2;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run flighted and full outside off, stretches out to defend into the off side;
73.1;4;Lyon to Williamson, FOUR runs a touch short outside off, and that's short enough for Williamson, rocks back, makes a bit of room, and cuts it to the vacant point boundary;
72.6;1;Voges to Williamson, 1 run slowish, slightly short outside off, slapped to deep point;
72.5;?;Voges to Williamson, no run flighted ball on middle and leg, defended into the on side;
72.4;1;Voges to Bracewell, 1 run full on leg stump, clipped to the right of midwicket;
72.3;?;Voges to Bracewell, no run length ball, goes with the angle as he goes back looking to cut. Manages to chop it away to short extra;
72.2;?;Voges to Bracewell, no run full on middle stump, blocked back to the bowler;
72.1;1;Voges to Williamson, 1 run starts with a shortish ball on off stump. Goes back and slaps it to deep point;
71.6;?;Lyon to Bracewell, no run another one on that leg-stump line. Goes back and lets it hit his thigh pad;
71.5;?;Lyon to Bracewell, no run goes back to a fuller, quicker ball, and it's too quick for him to connect with the flick. Bounces up off his thigh pad towards short leg;
71.4;?;Lyon to Bracewell, no run bounce from just short of a length and he goes back to defend it down in front of short leg;
71.3;?;Lyon to Bracewell, no run down the track now, gets close to the pitch for a checked push towards mid-off;
71.2;?;Lyon to Bracewell, no run a bit of bounce for Lyon, he's looking for the catch at leg slip. Bracewell gets deep in his crease and plays it down into the square leg region;
71.1;1;Lyon to Williamson, 1 run back of a length on middle and leg, gets on the back foot to work it through square leg;
70.6;?;Johnson to Bracewell, no run shortish, angling across towards off stump. Bracewell gets nicely behind it to defend back to the bowler;
70.5;?;Johnson to Bracewell, no run short down the leg side. Bracewell steps across, looks to pull, doesn't connect;
70.4;?;Johnson to Bracewell, no run full, very wide. Looked to suck him into another aggressive shot, but Bracewell resists the temptation;
70.3;?;Johnson to Bracewell, no run full outside off, driven to extra cover;
70.2;4;Johnson to Bracewell, FOUR runs what a shot that is! Pitched up full and he just goes after it, sinking to one knee and launching it over mid-off;
70.1;?;Johnson to Bracewell, no run bouncer, dug in very short and Bracewell can get safely under without too much worry about being hit;
69.6;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run a bit quicker on off stump, goes back and punches to mid-off;
69.5;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run length ball angling across towards off stump, not much turn. Goes deep in his crease to work it to backward square leg;
69.4;1;Lyon to Bracewell, 1 run down the track comes Bracewell once more, whips it in the air off his feet, and the ball drops safely short of deep midwicket;
69.3;?;Lyon to Bracewell, no run length ball on off stump, goes deep in his crease to defend towards mid-on;
69.2;2;Lyon to Bracewell, 2 runs down the track, flicks the leg-stump ball in the air through backward square leg;
69.1;?;Lyon to Bracewell, no run flighted ball on middle and leg, clipped to midwicket;
68.6;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run back of a length on middle and off, and Williamson goes right back in his crease to defend into the off side;
68.5;3;Johnson to Bracewell, 3 runs length ball on middle and off, and Bracewell gets across with his back foot and whips it through mid-on;
68.4;1;Johnson to Williamson, 1 run another short ball, pulled to deep square leg. Hit that really firmly, and Hazlewood had to dive to his left even though he barely had to move in the first place;
68.3;1;Johnson to Bracewell, 1 run shortish, pulled off the hips to deep square leg;
68.2;?;Johnson to Bracewell, no run back of a length on off stump, defended towards point;
68.1;?;Johnson to Bracewell, no run dropped! That was an excellent delivery from Johnson, fast, back of a length, in the corridor, and because of the pace Bracewell was still on the move while going back and across to defend. Edge goes to Voges at first slip, at waist height, and he puts down a sitter;
67.6;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run a touch shorter and he's right back this time, almost nudging the stumps to tuck it away to backward square leg;
67.5;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run such beautiful footwork, this. Lyon flights this a touch wider outside off, and again he's right out to the pitch of it;
67.4;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run floated up on off stump again, and another big stride out to defend;
67.3;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run flighted ball outside off, gets a big stretch out to defend;
67.2;1;Lyon to Bracewell, 1 run beautifully bowled, a little quicker to hurry Bracewell's front-foot stride, and then slides on with the angle to take his outside edge and roll away into the third man region;
67.1;?;Lyon to Bracewell, no run length ball on middle and leg, gets forward to clip to midwicket;
66.6;2;Johnson to Williamson, 2 runs short again, attacking the ribcage, and he gets his feet off the ground and tucks it softly into the leg side. Square leg is almost on the rope, and he has plenty of time to run two and bring up an outstanding hundred. He's looked a class apart from everyone else;
66.5;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run good bouncer, lifting over the left shoulder. Williamson goes for the hook, doesn't connect;
66.4;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run length ball, angling away from a fourth-stump line, left alone;
66.3;4;Johnson to Williamson, FOUR runs full and wide, and that is beautifully driven, gets close to the pitch of the ball and puts it away to the right of cover point;
66.2;4;Johnson to Williamson, FOUR runs back of a length, just a bit of width, and he lets it come on and steers it to the right of the diving gully fielder. Super shot;
66.1;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run slung full and wide of the crease, Williamson ignores it;
65.6;?;Lyon to Bracewell, no run length ball outside off, goes deep in his crease to defend to cover;
65.5;?;Lyon to Bracewell, no run good footwork, gets close to the pitch of the flighted ball outside off, blocks it back towards the bowler;
65.4;?;Lyon to Bracewell, no run slower flight this time, floated away from off stump, stretches out to defend into the covers;
65.3;?;Lyon to Bracewell, no run a bit flatter, angling across, and he gets back and across to try and work it leg side. Can't get it past short leg;
65.2;?;Lyon to Bracewell, no run length ball on off stump, gets a good stride out to defend;
65.1;?;Lyon to Bracewell, no run flighted ball on off stump, presses forward to block;
64.6;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run fullish on off stump, defended to mid-off;
64.5;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run full outside off, gets forward for a checked drive to mid-off;
64.4;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run a bit shorter and wider, easier leave for Williamson;
64.3;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run fullish outside off, left alone;
64.2;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run back of a length outside off, punched to short cover;
64.1;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run length ball curling in towards off stump. Looks to drive to mid-off, and it rolls off the inside half of the bat to mid-on;
63.6;?;Lyon to Bracewell, no run flighted ball on middle and off, comes forward, gets his pad out of the way, and defends into the off side;
63.5;?;Lyon to Bracewell, no run length ball close to off stump, goes on the back foot, makes some room, and defends into the covers;
63.4;?;Lyon to Bracewell, no run full on middle and off, blocked back down the pitch;
63.3;1;Lyon to Williamson, 1 run a touch shortish on leg stump and he gets deep in his crease to tuck it towards long leg;
63.2;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run quick feet to get out of the crease but Lyon shortens his length a touch, forcing him to stretch out and block it back to the bowler;
63.1;1;Lyon to Bracewell, 1 run flighted and full on middle stump, clipped to deep midwicket;
62.6;2;Hazlewood to Williamson, 2 runs short, a bit of width, and again he gets his feet off the ground, slaps it away through cover point;
62.5;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run shortish ball on off stump. Cramped for room a bit, but he gets his feet off the ground to defend towards short cover;
62.4;1;Hazlewood to Bracewell, 1 run digs it in short and Bracewell is hurried into a hook. In the air for a while but drops safely short of long leg;
62.3;?;Hazlewood to Bracewell, no run length ball swerving into off stump. Gets nicely behind it to defend back to the bowler;
62.2;?;Hazlewood to Bracewell, no run again some reverse in towards the stumps, hits the pad and spins around to appeal, but a good front foot stride gets Bracewell outside the line;
62.1;?;Hazlewood to Bracewell, no run length ball, a bit of movement in towards off stump. Keeps bat and pad close and defends towards mid-on;
61.6;1;Lyon to Bracewell, 1 run down the track and Lyon drifts this a touch wider. Stretches out to defend towards backward point;
61.5;?;Lyon to Bracewell, no run length ball on off stump, goes on the back foot again, blocks it back to the bowler;
61.4;?;Lyon to Bracewell, no run back of a length on off stump, gets deep in his crease to defend back to the bowler;
61.3;?;Lyon to Bracewell, no run good-looking footwork from Bracewell first up, almost Williamsonesque. Skips out to the flighted ball and clips it from off stump to mid-on;
61.2;1;Lyon to Williamson, 1 run flighted ball on middle stump, gets forward to flick it wide of midwicket;
61.1;W;Lyon to Craig, OUT oh no, what have you done? Poor shot, with Williamson playing so well at the other end. Flighted ball from Lyon, and he stepped out of his crease, looking for the big shot. Ball dips on him, turns away, and he slices the simplest of catches to point;Mark Craig c Marsh b Lyon 24 (45m 31b 2x4 0x6) SR: 77.41;
60.6;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run length ball close to off stump, blocked back to the bowler;
60.5;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run fullish outside off, driven crisply to cover;
60.4;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run full on off stump, some inward movement again, defended to mid-on;
60.3;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run another bouncer, and he sways quickly out of line;
60.2;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run back of a length, some inward movement to tuck him up while he defends, and he inside-edges into his midriff. Ball rolls down and gets caught up between his pads;
60.1;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run bouncer, and Williamson sways his head away from the line;
59.6;?;Lyon to Craig, no run length ball close to off stump, defended into the covers;
59.5;?;Lyon to Craig, no run good length on middle and leg, a bit of turn towards off. Craig defends towards mid-on;
59.4;?;Lyon to Craig, no run good ball, draws Craig forward to defend and slides it on to hit his front pad. I'm not sure it struck him in line, though. Not given. Australia have reviewed... Hits pad before bat for sure. Bat was tucked behind the pad, and yup, impact was outside off;
59.3;1;Lyon to Williamson, 1 run some more flight and Williamson gets a big stride out to whip that from off stump to mid-on, who's deep enough to allow a quick single;
59.2;3;Lyon to Craig, 3 runs flighted on off stump, a touch fuller than a good length and Craig gets his front leg out of the way and hits through the line, just extends his arms high, to lift that over mid-off;
59.1;?;Lyon to Craig, no run length ball on leg stump, goes on the back foot to tuck it to midwicket;
58.6;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run back of a length, a bit of inward movement to cramp Williamson, but he plays late and chops it down to gully;
58.5;4;Hazlewood to Williamson, FOUR runs overpitched, wide, gets on the front foot and caresses it to the left of mid-off;
58.4;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run back of a length on off stump, defended to mid-on;
58.3;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run short outside off, but no room for the forcing stroke. Gets his feet off the ground to ride the bounce and play it down towards point;
58.2;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run fuller now, almost in the blockhole, jabbed back to the bowler;
58.1;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run length ball on off stump, gets on the front foot to defend into the covers;
57.6;1;Lyon to Williamson, 1 run down the track to the flighted ball and he skips inside the line to drive to the left of Johnson. Can't find the gap, plays it too close to him, and they take the single anyway, even though Johnson throws left-handed. Might have been out had he hit the stumps. Actually, no. He made his ground quite easily.;
57.5;1;Lyon to Craig, 1 run back of a length on off stump, goes on the back foot to push into the covers;
57.4;1lb;Lyon to Williamson, 1 leg bye line shifts more leg-stumpish, and he gets some turn and bounces as he goes on the back foot to work it leg side. Can't connect, and it deflects off his thigh pad past leg slip;
57.3;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run a bit quicker and flatter, and Williamson adjusts his feet - sliding back after initially looking to come forward - to block to short leg;
57.2;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run flighted ball on off stump, gets forward to clip with the turn to midwicket;
57.1;1;Lyon to Craig, 1 run length ball sliding into middle stump, gets back and across to tuck it away to deep square leg;
56.6;4;Hazlewood to Williamson, FOUR runs that wasn't a short ball, it was pretty much his stock back-of-a-length delivery on off stump. Williamson just manufactured a pull by going deep in his crease, and swivelled round to find the square leg boundary;
56.5;1;Hazlewood to Craig, 1 run accurate bouncer, dug in and rising towards his front shoulder. Jumps in the air and fends it off the handle through backward square leg;
56.4;?;Hazlewood to Craig, no run length ball on middle and off, blocked towards mid-on;
56.3;?;Hazlewood to Craig, no run length ball on middle stump, defended to mid-on;
56.2;?;Hazlewood to Craig, no run back of a length on middle and off, and he gets back and across to defend solidly;
56.1;4;Hazlewood to Craig, FOUR runs another cracking straight drive from Craig. Full, angling away from off stump, and he just drives through the line and finds the gap to the left of mid-off;
55.6;1;Johnson to Craig, 1 run short ball attacking the ribcage, and he jumps in the air and fends it awkwardly but finds the gap to the left of leg gully, down to fine leg;
55.5;4;Johnson to Craig, FOUR runs full, swinging into middle stump, and Craig drives it back down the ground, to the right of mid-on. No real footwork, but it was overpitched, and he just had to punch that with a straight bat;
55.4;?;Johnson to Craig, no run banged in short, rising over off stump, Craig sways his upper body out of the way;
55.3;1;Johnson to Williamson, 1 run fuller, and he gets a good stride out to defend softly into the extra cover region;
55.2;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run good ball, leaves Williamson from back of a length. Close enough to off stump to make him play and miss, but unlike Watling, he played close to his body, and didn't chase the ball with his hands;
55.1;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run back of a length outside off, left alone;
54.6;?;Starc to Craig, no run a bit fuller and wider, and Craig flashes away from his body, gets nowhere near making contact;
54.5;?;Starc to Craig, no run short, rising ball outside off, and Craig drops his hands inside the line to leave it alone;
54.4;?;Starc to Craig, no run length ball close to off stump. Craig just stands there and flays his bat at it, slices it to the right of point, where Lyon makes the diving stop;
54.3;?;Starc to Craig, no run full, swinging in towards off stump, driven back to the bowler;
54.2;2;Starc to Craig, 2 runs length ball outside off, and he pushes that into the gap at point with a slightly open face. Not much footwork, but he timed that pretty well;
54.1;?;Starc to Craig, no run back of a length on off stump, defended to short cover;
53.6;1;Johnson to Craig, 1 run short ball close to off stump, and Craig gets on his toes and gets his hands over the ball, drops it with soft hands into the cover point region;
53.5;4;Johnson to Craig, 4 runs shortish, plenty of width, punched away through point;
53.4;1;Johnson to Williamson, 1 run full outside off, driven smoothly to mid-off;
53.3;4;Johnson to Williamson, FOUR runs short and the angle gives Williamson plenty of room to cut that away to the backward point boundary;
53.2;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run goes wider this time, a little shorter, and Williamson sees it through to the keeper;
53.1;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run fullish outside off, and he flat-bats it off the back-foot towards cover point;
52.6;?;Starc to Craig, no run full and fast outside off, left alone;
52.5;2;Starc to Craig, 2 runs full, attacking off stump. There's definite reverse into the left-hander, who goes for the drive without moving his feet, and inside-edges past his stumps;
52.4;1;Starc to Williamson, 1 run shortish, a touch too straight. Williamson tucks it off his hips through square leg;
52.3;?;Starc to Williamson, no run bouncer, Williamson gets down low to evade it;
52.2;?;Starc to Williamson, no run low full-toss outside off, punched back to the bowler;
52.1;4;Starc to Williamson, FOUR runs full and wide and Williamson goes for the drive away from his body, a rare loose shot, and the ball slices in the air to the right of gully;
51.6;?;Johnson to Craig, no run some more inward movement, and this one slides down the leg side;
51.5;?;Johnson to Craig, no run lbw appeal as Johnson pings front pad with the incoming ball. Craig's back foot was retreating from the stumps as Johnson delivered, and his front leg was in line with leg stump when that struck. Easily missing leg, and Johnson aborts his appeal quickly;
51.4;?;Johnson to Craig, no run full now, angling down leg. Can't get bat on that flick, rolls off the pad to leg gully;
51.3;?;Johnson to Craig, no run sharp bouncer, angling in and rising over off stump. Craig stays low and sways away from it;
51.2;?;Johnson to Craig, no run shortish ball angling into the body, a bit of extra bounce. Jumps in the air to fend it towards short leg;
51.1;W;Johnson to Watling, OUT beauty, he's struck first ball. A bit of reverse on that, is there? Definitely seemed to shape away a touch from back of a length and Watling goes for the back foot punch, further away from his body than he would have liked, and gets a thin edge through to the keeper;BJ Watling c ?Nevill b Johnson 32 (72m 59b 4x4 0x6) SR: 54.23;
50.6;?;Starc to Williamson, no run low full-toss outside off and that was another punchy and firmly struck off-drive, but short extra cover is nice and straight, and the ball goes straight to him;
50.5;?;Starc to Williamson, no run back of a length close to off stump, blocked to short extra;
50.4;?;Starc to Williamson, no run back of a length now, on that off-stump line, blocked back towards the bowler;
50.3;4;Starc to Williamson, FOUR runs full on off stump, and that is driven so smoothly, brings his bat down absolutely vertical and his left elbow is high and proud as he hits it to the right of mid-off;
50.2;?;Starc to Williamson, no run length ball on leg stump, clipped to midwicket;
50.1;?;Starc to Williamson, no run length ball on off stump. Stays on the back foot and lets it come to him, defends to short cover;
49.6;2;Hazlewood to Watling, 2 runs short again, on off stump, pulled down to the left of long leg;
49.5;?;Hazlewood to Watling, no run back of a length on off stump, defended punchily back to the bowler;
49.4;4;Hazlewood to Watling, FOUR runs short, and Watling only needs a bit of width, stands tall and cracks it on the top of the bounce to the cover point boundary. Lyon, chasing back from point, can't quite pull it back with the slide;
49.3;1;Hazlewood to Williamson, 1 run back of a length outside off, punched to the left of mid-off;
49.2;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run back of a length on off stump, blocked to mid-on;
49.1;4;Hazlewood to Williamson, FOUR runs looks for that full length again, overpitches, and Williamson drives down the ground, goes with the inward angle and hits the gap between the stumps and mid-on;
48.6;?;Starc to Watling, no run looks for the bouncer, gets his line wrong, down the leg side;
48.5;2;Starc to Watling, 2 runs length ball, closer to off stump than the previous ball, gets forward and plays a good checked punch to the left of mid-off;
48.4;4;Starc to Watling, FOUR runs length ball angling across, close to off stump. Watling comes forward to defend and the ball slides off the outside edge to the third man boundary. Played that with soft hands;
48.3;1;Starc to Williamson, 1 run shot! Khawaja saves some more runs at mid-off, this time with a dive to his left as Williamson presses forward to drive a full, widish ball with the full face of his bat;
48.2;?;Starc to Williamson, no run a bit of swing into middle and leg, tucked away to midwicket;
48.1;?;Starc to Williamson, no run length ball, fifth-stump line, left alone;
47.6;?;Hazlewood to Watling, no run goes fuller and raps Williamson's front pad. Good change of length, caught him on the crease, trying hurriedly to bring his bat around to flick, but that ball was heading down the leg side. Even impact was outside leg, replays show;
47.5;?;Hazlewood to Watling, no run back of a length, a centimeter closer to off stump than the previous ball, defended towards short extra cover;
47.4;?;Hazlewood to Watling, no run back of a length, angling in to off stump, punched firmly to short cover;
47.3;?;Hazlewood to Watling, no run he's digging a furrow on that length, this one's just a little wider, and Williamson leaves comfortably;
47.2;?;Hazlewood to Watling, no run angles this one in, towards off stump, and Williamson gets on the back foot to defend down the pitch;
47.1;?;Hazlewood to Watling, no run back of a length, fourth-stump line, left alone;
46.6;?;Starc to Williamson, no run back of a length, leaving Watling from a fifth-stump line, left alone;
46.5;3;Starc to Watling, 3 runs full, fourth-stump line, and he gets forward and makes sweet contact with a straight bat. Nice high elbow as he plays the shot, but Khawaja ensures he won't get four for it with a good dive to his right at mid-off. Just gets a hand to it and slows down it's progress;
46.4;?;Starc to Watling, no run length ball straightens a touch towards off stump and Watling defends, bat slightly away from pad, and it rolls off the inside half of the former into the latter;
46.3;?;Starc to Watling, no run again that line wide of off stump, and this time Watling goes for the flat-bat drive. A bit of extra bounce and he beats the top edge;
46.2;?;Starc to Watling, no run again, wide of off, a touch shorter than the previous one. Watling leaves again;
46.1;?;Starc to Watling, no run length ball wide of off. left alone;
45.6;3;Hazlewood to Watling, 3 runs full now, just outside off, and Watling gets a good stride out to drive crisply to the left of mid-off;
45.5;?;Hazlewood to Watling, no run back of a length, good bounce and inward angle to cramp Watling, who punches hard into the ground, bounces up to cover point;
45.4;?;Hazlewood to Watling, no run full on off stump, driven to mid-on;
45.3;?;Hazlewood to Watling, no run goes a bit wider this time, good bounce from back of a length, and Watling chops it down to gully;
45.2;?;Hazlewood to Watling, no run once again, zeroing in on that off-stump line, with a bit of inward movement. Watling defends off the back foot, slightly off the inside half of the bat;
45.1;?;Hazlewood to Watling, no run back of a length on off stump, and Watling gets behind it to block into the on side;
44.6;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run nice flight outside off, a solid stride forward from Williamson to smother any menace;
44.5;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run length ball on off and middle, goes on the back foot to work it with the turn to square leg;
44.4;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run length ball on off stump, not much turn. Williamson goes on the back foot and defends solidly;
44.3;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run a little flatter and he goes deep in his crease to tuck it away towards square leg;
44.2;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run nice flight again, on middle stump, defended with the turn to short leg;
44.1;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run tossed up on middle and off, clipped off the front foot to short midwicket;
43.6;?;Johnson to Watling, no run length ball on middle stump, defended into the covers. It threatened to shape in but stayed its course, and Watling did very well to show the full face to it;
43.5;?;Johnson to Watling, no run bouncer, and Watling sinks smoothly to his knees to let the ball pass over his head;
43.4;?;Johnson to Watling, no run once again the full ball slanting wide, once again the calm Watling leave;
43.3;?;Johnson to Watling, no run shortish on off stump, and Watling gets nicely behind it and plays late to defend into the off side.;
43.2;?;Johnson to Watling, no run slanted fullish and wide outside off, doesn't entice Watling into playing;
43.1;3;Johnson to Williamson, 3 runs full outside off, and Williamson flows forward to play a lovely checked drive to the left of mid-off;
42.6;4;Lyon to Watling, FOUR runs nicely flighted on off stump and Lyon has his head in his hands. Watling whipped that in the air, but he found the gap between midwicket and mid-on;
42.5;?;Lyon to Watling, no run flighted ball on off stump, good stride forward to defend back down the pitch;
42.4;?;Lyon to Watling, no run back of a length outside off, left alone;
42.3;?;Lyon to Watling, no run nice flight on off stump, presses forward and blocks it back towards the bowler;
42.2;?;Lyon to Watling, no run length ball on off stump, gets deep in his crease to defend to midwicket;
42.1;?;Lyon to Watling, no run tossed up on off stump, stretches out to smother it;
41.6;4;Johnson to Williamson, FOUR runs short, just a bit of width, and Williamson's ability to play late allows him to play shots like that, a forcing shot to the point boundary to bring up an excellent half-century. So many batsmen would have jabbed in front of their bodies. Williamson waited an instant longer and punched it square;
41.5;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run back of a length close to off stump, punched towards short cover;
41.4;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run back of a length on off stump, gets on his toes to defend towards short extra;
41.3;1;Johnson to Watling, 1 run another good short ball, but Watling plays it well, lets it come, rides the bounce, and drops it into the off side with soft hands;
41.2;?;Johnson to Watling, no run good bouncer, rising over middle stump. Watling ducks low under it;
41.1;3;Johnson to Williamson, 3 runs back of a length outside off, and Williamson hops in the air to punch it to the left of short cover;
40.6;?;Lyon to Watling, no run tossed up fuller, gets forward to defend down the pitch;
40.5;?;Lyon to Watling, no run length ball on leg stump, goes on the back foot to work it to backward square leg;
40.4;?;Lyon to Watling, no run a bit more flight on middle and off. Draws him forward to defend with the turn into the on side;
40.3;?;Lyon to Watling, no run length ball outside leg. Goes on the back foot and plays it to midwicket;
40.2;1;Lyon to Williamson, 1 run length ball on off stump, Williamson goes deep in his crease and works it to deep square leg;
40.1;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run floated up outside off and Williamson stretches out to block it back to the bowler;
39.6;2;Hazlewood to Watling, 2 runs full on off stump, driven crisply to the left of short extra cover;
39.5;?;Hazlewood to Watling, no run back of a length on off stump, defended off the back foot towards point;
39.4;3;Hazlewood to Williamson, 3 runs shortish outside off, not too much width, but enough for Williamson to get on his toes and force it away through cover point;
39.3;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run length ball, fifth-stump line, left alone;
39.2;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run back of a length on off stump, blocked back to the bowler;
39.1;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run length ball angling into off stump. Williamson presses forward and blocks with soft hands, the ball rolls towards gully;
38.6;?;Starc to Watling, no run good ball, angling away on a good length. Watling misread the line slightly, but pulled his bat away just a touch when he realised it was slanting wider than he thought;
38.5;?;Starc to Watling, no run looks to tempt him with one slung full and wide. Watling ignores it;
38.4;?;Starc to Watling, no run bouncer now, and Watling crouches low under it;
38.3;?;Starc to Watling, no run full on off stump, Watling gets a good stride forward to block that;
38.2;?;Starc to Watling, no run fullish on off stump, blocked towards short leg;
38.1;?;Starc to Watling, no run length ball on off stump, blocked to short extra cover;
37.6;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run length ball on off stump, defended with the angle towards midwicket;
37.5;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run back of a length outside off, and he produces the outside edge as Williamson plays slightly inside the line. But once again, soft hands, and it drops a long way short of the slip fielders;
37.4;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run short ball, pulled to square leg. Kept it down well, had to fetch it from over his right shoulder;
37.3;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run length ball outside off, left alone;
37.2;4;Hazlewood to Williamson, FOUR runs length ball angling in towards off stump, and Williamson plays a typically Williamsonesque shot. Just a forward defensive, but he plays so late, just lets the ball hit his bat, and it rolls away into the gap wide of gully;
37.1;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run length ball, fifth-stump line, a bit of outswing, left alone;
36.6;?;Starc to Watling, no run full outside off, driven to mid-off;
36.5;?;Starc to Watling, no run short and wide, and Watling goes after it, a slash and a miss. Extra bounce, possibly. He's new to the crease too, so he probably didn't judge the pace of it too well;
36.4;1;Starc to Williamson, 1 run shortish down leg, worked off the hips through backward square leg;
36.3;?;Starc to Williamson, no run very full outside off, driven to mid-off off the bottom of the bat;
36.2;2;Starc to Williamson, 2 runs back of a length on middle stump, tucked away through midwicket;
36.1;?;Starc to Williamson, no run length ball, pitching fourth-stump, angling further away, Williamson leaves;
35.6;?;Hazlewood to Watling, no run back of a length, fifth-stump line, left alone;
35.5;?;Hazlewood to Watling, no run back of a length, angling into off stump, blocked back to the bowler;
35.4;4;Hazlewood to Watling, FOUR runs shortish, just a bit of width, and Watling likes it there, just stands up and cracks it away at the top of the bounce, to the left of cover point;
35.3;?;Hazlewood to Watling, no run full, attacking middle stump, defended to mid-on;
35.2;?;Hazlewood to Watling, no run full outswinger wide of off stump, left alone;
35.1;2;Hazlewood to Watling, 2 runs length ball, angling into middle stump, worked away to long leg;
34.6;4;Starc to Williamson, FOUR runs overpitched on off stump, and Williamson clips it away to the midwicket boundary. That is such a good shot under the circumstances;
34.5;?;Starc to Williamson, no run looks for the yorker, and Williamson clips the low middle-stump full-toss to mid-on;
34.4;1;Starc to Watling, 1 run back of a length, fourth-stump line, punched into the gap between extra cover and mid-off;
34.3;?;Starc to Watling, no run back of a length, angling into off stump, defended solidly off the back foot;
34.2;W;Starc to Neesham, OUT bowled him! Neesham's feet are absolutely rooted to the spot, thanks to Starc's pace, and the full ball cannons off the front pad into the stumps as he looks to play across the line;James Neesham b Starc 3 (6m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 42.85;
34.1;?;Starc to Neesham, no run back of a length on off stump, defended towards point;
33.6;3;Johnson to Neesham, 3 runs shortish outside off, chopped away in front of point;
33.6;1nb;Johnson to Neesham, (no ball) another one dug in short, and Neesham sways his upper body out of the way in a hurry;
33.5;?;Johnson to Neesham, no run attacks the midriff again, and Neesham defends into the ground, well in front of short leg;
33.4;?;Johnson to Neesham, no run another accurate short ball, lifts towards the right ribcage. Took his eye off the ball momentarily while fending at it, and it pops to the left of short leg;
33.3;?;Johnson to Neesham, no run back of a length on off stump, blocked into the on side;
33.2;W;Johnson to McCullum, OUT another one falls! That was a good, solid length ball angling away, and McCullum goes for an ill-advised on-the-up punch. Extra bounce, and the edge carries at chest height to first slip;Brendon McCullum c Voges b Johnson 6 (9m 6b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
33.1;4;Johnson to McCullum, FOUR runs banged in short, rising over off stump, and McCullum sways his upper body away from the line to make a bit of room, and ramps it over the gap to the right of gully;
32.6;?;Starc to Williamson, no run length ball, slanting away from off stump, another good leave;
32.5;1;Starc to McCullum, 1 run length ball on off stump, jabbed away to the left of short cover;
32.5;2nb;Starc to Williamson, (no ball) 1 run back of a length, down the leg side, tucked away to long leg;
32.4;?;Starc to Williamson, no run back of a length on off stump, blocked to short extra cover;
32.3;?;Starc to Williamson, no run length ball, fourth-stump line, good leave from Williamson;
32.2;?;Starc to Williamson, no run back of a length, slanting away wide of off stump, left alone;
32.1;1lb;Starc to McCullum, 1 leg bye another bouncer. McCullum looks to duck, it doesn't get up as much as he may have expected, and the ball hits his back and pops into the leg side;
31.6;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run back of a length outside off, punched firmly to cover point;
31.5;1;Johnson to McCullum, 1 run another short, rising ball, and McCullum hops and fends it to the left of the diving Burns at short leg. Closed his bat face early, and it popped off the leading edge;
31.4;?;Johnson to McCullum, no run shortish on middle and off, hops up to defend back to the bowler;
31.3;W;Johnson to Taylor, OUT gone! The left-armers are turning it on! Back of a length, angling away from off stump. Taylor had shuffled a long way across, and ended up playing at one he could otherwise have left. Played quite close to his body, but the extra bounce produced the edge off the shoulder of the bat into second slip's lap;Ross Taylor c Smith b Johnson 0 (7m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
31.2;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run nasty short ball, attacking the ribcage. Fends at it and the ball pops up off the handle, in the air behind the wicket, too far to the right of Lyon at leg gully;
31.1;3;Johnson to Williamson, 3 runs full outside off, gets nice and low to drive into the covers;
30.6;?;Starc to Taylor, no run quick and shortish down the leg side. Taylor can't connect with the tickle around the corner;
30.5;?;Starc to Taylor, no run length ball on off stump, Taylor defends back to the bowler in that opened-up manner of his;
30.4;?;Starc to Taylor, no run ooh, that was quick. The angle and the pace did for Taylor there. He looked to defend that, bat coming down at a slight angle, and in a slightly open position, and the ball zipped past his edge outside off;
30.3;?;Starc to Taylor, no run fullish close to off stump, and Taylor drives slightly in front of him. The ball pops up momentarily and drops down short of short extra;
30.2;?;Starc to Taylor, no run in the blockhole outside off. Taylor jams down on it and it rolls through off the bottom edge towards second slip;
30.1;W;Starc to Latham, OUT gone! length ball angling in towards off stump, and Latham looks to play a punchy drive, on the up, and the ball slices off the outside half straight to point. Wasn't the right length to be playing a front-foot drive, even a drive on the up;Tom Latham c Lyon b Starc 47 (129m 93b 3x4 0x6) SR: 50.53;
29.6;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run length ball angling away from off stump, left alone;
29.5;4;Johnson to Williamson, FOUR runs full, just outside off, and Williamson shows it the full face and sends it rolling down the ground, between stumps and non-striker;
29.4;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run fuller now, outside off, and he plays so late, almost defends by the side of his body, drops it down into the point region;
29.3;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run back of a length, fourth-stump line, blocked to cover point;
29.2;1;Johnson to Latham, 1 run short, angling towards middle stump. Gets on his toes and drops it down softly into the leg side;
29.1;?;Johnson to Latham, no run back of a length, angling across towards off stump, defended off the back foot into the covers;
28.6;?;Marsh to Williamson, no run back of a length close to off stump, punched to cover point;
28.5;?;Marsh to Williamson, no run length ball on off stump, blocked to mid-on;
28.4;3;Marsh to Latham, 3 runs full on leg stump, flicked away crisply wide of mid-on;
28.3;?;Marsh to Latham, no run back of a length, fourth-stump line, left alone;
28.2;4;Marsh to Latham, FOUR runs back of a length, too straight, tucked off the hips to fine leg. Johnson running around from long leg, puts in a good slide and seems to have it under control, but ends up inadvertently kicking the ball over the line;
28.1;?;Marsh to Latham, no run length ball on off stump, presses forward and pushes towards mid-off;

lindsay: "Having watched NZ at Headingly on near freezing June day I can expect them to give the Aussies a tough fight. Hot soup never tasted so good "
Ben: "Jeez some people are impatient. Sure the AUS bowlers have been a little wayward, but AUS is still 450+ runs front. This is a good batting track, but the AUS bowlers can cause a big collapses. Be patient!"
Drinks break.
 Innings Start
Day four, 9.45am Morning, everyone. Australia have declared overnight, and set New Zealand a target of 504.
5.50pm Phew. Frenetic action today, Australia bringing back memories of their scary mid-2000s days. Began well for New Zealand, with Kane Williamson making another classy hundred full of crisp strokes and decisive footwork, but disintegrated after Australia chose not to enforce the follow on. Warner made his second hundred of the Test, Burns made his maiden Test century, and Australia powered on at well over six an over to extend their lead past 500. Two full days to go. Will Australia declare overnight? We'll find out tomorrow. Do join us for that. Till then, goodbye!
Tim: "It's funny, you look at the innings of burns and warner and think "wow, what great Test innings" but in the context of the game, they've basically been given an unlimited T20 situation - go for it, because why not? score 40 from 20? that's perfect, you've done your job. Not to belittle it of course, they've shown how to bat with confidence on this pitch, but its really hard to actually compare this second innings to the first. Or to most other Test matches too."
5.43pm The umpires are checking the light. And they're waving the players off the field. That is stumps. Australia lead by 503. Richard Illingworth looks closely at his light meter. He will note that reading, and the players will have to go off any time the light drops below that henceforth in this Test.
41.6;1;Craig to Voges, 1 run length ball on middle and leg, goes on the back foot to tuck it away to deep square leg;
41.5;W;Craig to Marsh, OUT gone. Length ball on off stump, a bit of turn, and he gets caught up in an awkward position, with his front foot planted heavily down the pitch, nowhere near the pitch of the ball, and too cramped to do anything apart from flick it in the air, straight to short midwicket;Mitchell Marsh c McCullum b Craig 2 (5m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
41.4;?;Craig to Marsh, no run looks to come down the track and Craig shortens his length, forces him to play it defensively to midwicket;
41.3;1;Craig to Khawaja, 1 run length ball outside off, steered away to sweeper cover;
41.2;1;Craig to Marsh, 1 run back of a length, goes on the back foot and jabs it away through backward square leg. Spun sharply and went off the inside half of his bat. Wasn't looking to play that fine;
41.1;1lb;Craig to Khawaja, 1 leg bye lbw appeal as Khawaja misses a slog-sweep. Had taken a step down the pitch and that seemed to bounce and turn quite a bit. Would have missed off stump, methinks. Hit him on the stomach.;
40.6;?;Boult to Marsh, no run length ball wide of off, left alone. I'm not sure how many balls have elapsed since a batsman last left one outside off;
40.5;1;Boult to Khawaja, 1 run down the track, gets too close to the pitch of the ball for an aggressive shot. Clips it down the ground towards mid-on;
40.4;1;Boult to Marsh, 1 run short ball, pulled to deep square leg;
40.3;?;Boult to Marsh, no run Boult greets him with a bouncer, and he ducks under it;
40.2;W;Boult to Smith, OUT another wicket. Or is it? It's full and wide and Smith backs away and slices it in the air. Williamson dives forward at point and comes up with the ball in his hand. Doesn't look too animated, perhaps not sure if he's caught it cleanly or not. They're checking upstairs now. It's not a bump ball, he's sliced it off the lower part of the bat face. Williamson, diving left, has his fingers around the upper part before a couple of them appear underneath. Did the leather touch the grass before that happened? Hard to tell. It's given out. And on the balance of probabilities, it seemed out.;Steven Smith c Williamson b Boult 1 (8m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
40.1;1;Boult to Khawaja, 1 run full on off stump, shuffles across and clips it to deep square leg;
39.6;1;Craig to Khawaja, 1 run short outside off, chopped down towards extra cover;
39.5;?;Craig to Khawaja, no run looks to sweep, and the length is slightly shorter than he thought. Turns and bounces and hits his left shoulder;
39.4;1;Craig to Smith, 1 run down the track, and he plays his favourite shot, the whip from off stump to deep midwicket;
39.3;1;Craig to Khawaja, 1 run full on middle stump, whipped to long-on;
39.2;W;Craig to Burns, OUT and that's Craig's second wicket. Comes down the track to hit over the top, ball doesn't turn as expected, and he hits it straighter than he'd like, and not off the middle, straight down the throat of long-on. Every single New Zealand player in his vicinity runs up to him for a back-slap or a handshake as he walks off to loud cheers from his home crowd. He's just looked utterly at home in Test cricket;Joe Burns c Taylor b Craig 129 (166m 123b 13x4 4x6) SR: 104.87;
39.1;1;Craig to Khawaja, 1 run tossed up outside off, slog-swept to deep midwicket;
38.6;2;Boult to Burns, 2 runs full outside off, swiped away to the left of deep midwicket;
38.5;1;Boult to Khawaja, 1 run length ball wide of off, slapped away to sweeper cover;
38.4;1;Boult to Burns, 1 run wide yorker, steered away to third man;
38.3;?;Boult to Burns, no run short outside off, chopped down to point;
38.2;6;Boult to Burns, SIX runs length ball, angling into off stump, and he clears his front leg once again and swings through the line to smash that over the long-on boundary;
38.1;4;Boult to Burns, FOUR runs full and wide and Burns clears his front leg to clatter that over mid-off;
37.6;2;Craig to Khawaja, 2 runs full and flat, angling into middle stump, uses the pace to lap it towards fine leg;
37.5;?;Craig to Khawaja, no run tossed up outside off, driven to short extra cover;
37.4;W;Craig to Warner, OUT and now he connects with the switch hit, but picks out the fielder at the deep. Tossed up outside leg (off), and he slog-sweeps straight down the throat of sweeper cover (deep midwicket). Standing ovation as he walks back to the dressing room;David Warner c Boult b Craig 116 (156m 113b 8x4 2x6) SR: 102.65;
37.3;4;Craig to Warner, FOUR runs short ball on off stump and he steps away from his stumps and plays a double-handed forehand back over the bowler's head;
37.2;4;Craig to Warner, FOUR runs and another. Down the track now, gets right to the pitch, and launches it into the sightscreen;
37.1;6;Craig to Warner, SIX runs bang! Celebrates his hundred with a big six. Full-toss, and he just clouted that over deep midwicket;
36.6;2;Bracewell to Burns, 2 runs full and wide, and he slices it up and over backward point. Boult sweeps up, running to his left from sweeper cover;
36.5;3;Bracewell to Warner, 3 runs full on off stump, and that is a brilliant way to reach your second hundred of the match, a sweetly timed drive threaded between short extra cover and mid-off;
36.4;?;Bracewell to Warner, no run back of a length, extra bounce as it straightens towards middle stump. Takes the bottom hand off to drop it down safely into the off side;
36.3;?;Bracewell to Warner, no run back of a length on off stump, punched to cover point. The field has come in with Warner on 99;
36.2;?;Bracewell to Warner, no run back of a length on off stump, punched to short extra;
36.1;2;Bracewell to Warner, 2 runs back of a length on leg stump, tucked away through midwicket and they hustle to run two. Throw comes in at the bowler's end, and Craig, backing up at the stumps, can't collect Boult's throw cleanly. Burns was out by a distance if he'd taken it cleanly;
35.6;1;Craig to Warner, 1 run fullish on middle stump, driven down the ground to long-on;
35.5;1;Craig to Burns, 1 run loopy, waist-high full-toss close to the body, and he manages to squeeze it away through backward square leg;
35.4;1;Craig to Warner, 1 run length ball outside off, goes deep in his crease and makes room to slap to sweeper cover;
35.3;?;Craig to Warner, no run down the track and Craig fires it full and quick. Can't quite flick it away and it hits his pad;
35.2;1;Craig to Burns, 1 run;
35.1;4;Craig to Burns, FOUR runs length ball on leg stump and he gets down on one knee to slog it away to the midwicket boundary. Clears Boult, who is quite a way inside the rope, and then bounces the rest of the way;
34.6;6;Bracewell to Warner, SIX runs length ball on off stump, and Warner misreads the length while looking to hit over the top. Ball hits high on the bat as he looks to clear a deepish mid-off, and he manages not only to do that but also clears the straight boundary;
34.5;1;Bracewell to Burns, 1 run in the blockhole on leg stump, whipped away to long-on;
34.4;1;Bracewell to Warner, 1 run bouncer, plays a controlled hook - sort of like a tennis smash - out to deep square leg;
34.3;?;Bracewell to Warner, no run short ball outside off, flat-batted fiercely but too close to extra cover;
34.2;1;Bracewell to Burns, 1 run full on leg stump, whipped down the ground to long-on to bring up Australia's 200;
34.1;?;Bracewell to Burns, no run full on off stump, punched back to the bowler;
33.6;?;Craig to Warner, no run full on leg stump, clipped to midwicket;
33.5;?;Craig to Warner, no run wow. Went for the switch-hit again and Craig fired it full at leg stump. Warner missed, the ball narrowly missed the stumps, and Watling missed a stumping as Warner's back foot slid out of the crease;
33.4;1;Craig to Burns, 1 run tossed up outside off, swept to deep square leg;
33.3;1;Craig to Warner, 1 run back of a length angling in, tucked away through backward square leg;
33.2;2;Craig to Warner, 2 runs now it's Warner's turn to come down the track. Craig straightens his line, Warner steps inside, and plays a cheeky inside-out chip that lands the ball between deep cover and long-off;
33.1;1;Craig to Burns, 1 run down the track to the wide one outside off, flat-batted to long-off;
32.6;?;Bracewell to Warner, no run length ball down the leg side. Warner can't get bat on that attempted tickle;
32.5;?;Bracewell to Warner, no run back of a length on off stump, punched to mid-off;
32.4;2;Bracewell to Warner, 2 runs back of a length outside off, dabs it to deep point, and the throw at the keeper's end is wayward, allowing an overthrow that gives Warner another two;
32.3;2;Bracewell to Warner, 2 runs length ball wide of off, flat-batted to the left of deep point;
32.2;4;Bracewell to Warner, FOUR runs banged in short, that rises over head high and Warner just watches it and helps it along over the keeper. Perfectly executed ramp shot;
32.1;1;Bracewell to Burns, 1 run full on middle stump, swiped hard down to long-on;
31.6;1;Craig to Burns, 1 run down the track, drives the tossed up delivery to long-off;
31.5;1;Craig to Warner, 1 run down the track, drives the full ball down to long-off;
31.4;?;Craig to Warner, no run;
31.3;?;Craig to Warner, no run attempted switch hit. That was tossed up outside leg, and he fell over looking to smash that, and missed;
31.2;2;Craig to Warner, 2 runs short and wide now, slapped away towards deep point;
31.1;?;Craig to Warner, no run turn and bounce for Craig again. Warner goes back and across to defend and gets opened up, the ball hitting the left side of his chest;
30.6;?;Bracewell to Burns, no run even fuller now, driven off the toe-end to mid-off;
30.5;?;Bracewell to Burns, no run full on off stump, driven back to the bowler, shows the full face;
30.4;2;Bracewell to Burns, 2 runs full, angling into off stump, punched with a straight bat towards deep midwicket;
30.4;1;Bracewell to Warner, 1 run full on middle stump, jabbed down the ground to long-on;
30.3;?;Bracewell to Warner, no run bouncer angling across, Warner sways out of the way;
30.2;4;Bracewell to Warner, FOUR runs back of a length outside off, and there's that late dab again. Plays it very fine, beats the keeper diving to his left;
30.1;1nb;Bracewell to Warner, (no ball) Dave Warner charges out first ball, and looks to smash him over mid-off. Ends up swinging inside the line;
29.6;?;Craig to Burns, no run back of a length outside off, goes deep in his crease to poke it to backward point;
29.5;6;Craig to Burns, SIX runs down the track again, and he gets to his maiden Test hundred with a cracking six. This time it's flighted wider, and he hits it over that man at long-off, clears him by a comfortable margin. This has been such an assured match for someone opening in Tests for the first time.;
29.4;?;Craig to Burns, no run shortish outside off, chopped to backward point;
29.3;6;Craig to Burns, SIX runs down the track, this is tossed up outside off, and he smacks it back over the bowler's head. There's a long-off in place, but he hit this so straight, and hit this so well, there was never any worry;
29.2;1;Craig to Warner, 1 run floated up full on leg stump, pushed down to long-on for one;
29.1;?;Craig to Warner, no run tossed up on off stump, stretches out to defend back to the bowler;
28.6;?;Bracewell to Burns, no run length ball on off stump, presses forward to block to mid-off;
28.5;?;Bracewell to Burns, no run back of a length on off stump, blocked back to the bowler;
28.4;4;Bracewell to Burns, FOUR runs short, pull, four. You do not bowl there to Joe Burns, he just dismisses it to the square leg boundary. Wasn't the worst short ball, actually, got up to shoulder height, but so well does he play this shot that it looks like a terrible delivery;
28.3;1;Bracewell to Warner, 1 run length ball angling across, gets forward and bunts it softly into the covers;
28.3;1nb;Bracewell to Warner, (no ball) back of a length close to off stump, dabbed towards backward point;
28.2;?;Bracewell to Warner, no run bouncer, Warner sways comfortably out of the way;
28.1;1;Bracewell to Burns, 1 run length ball wide of off stump, reaches out and dabs it to third man;
27.6;?;Craig to Warner, no run length ball, sliding on towards off stump. Warner adjusts to the lack of turn, moves his front pad out of the way, and blocks it back to the bowler;
27.5;1;Craig to Burns, 1 run down the track now, chips his drive in the air, lands it well short of the man at long-on;
27.4;?;Craig to Burns, no run length ball, dips and turns from outside off. Presses forward, defends into the leg side;
27.3;1;Craig to Warner, 1 run full on leg stump, clipped down to long-on;
27.2;?;Craig to Warner, no run flighted outside off, gets nicely forward to block again;
27.1;?;Craig to Warner, no run tossed up on off stump, blocked back to the bowler;
26.6;1;Bracewell to Warner, 1 run fullish on off stump, Warner plays a checked drive down to mid-off;
26.5;?;Bracewell to Warner, no run fullish on leg stump, clipped to midwicket;
26.4;?;Bracewell to Warner, no run length ball on middle stump, defended towards midwicket;
26.3;1;Bracewell to Burns, 1 run back of a length close to off stump, waits on it to guide down to third man;
26.2;2;Bracewell to Burns, 2 runs length ball on off stump, plays late with an open face to beat point diving to his left;
26.1;?;Bracewell to Burns, no run length ball angling into off stump, defended towards point;
25.6;?;Craig to Warner, no run full on middle stump, blocked back to the bowler;
25.5;1;Craig to Burns, 1 run tossed up wide of off, comes down the track and drives to deep point;
25.4;1;Craig to Warner, 1 run short outside off, slapped to sweeper cover;
25.3;?;Craig to Warner, no run very full, smacks Warner on the foot as he misses the flick;
25.2;1;Craig to Burns, 1 run length ball turning into off stump, swept through backward square leg;
25.1;?;Craig to Burns, no run down the track, Craig gets it to drop on him a bit, and he defends it back to the bowler;
24.6;1;Neesham to Burns, 1 run yorker on middle stump, clipped to long-on;
24.5;?;Neesham to Burns, no run length ball on off stump, presses forward to block to short cover;
24.4;?;Neesham to Burns, no run effort ball outside off, beats the outside edge with extra bounce as Burns looks for the dab to third man;
24.3;1;Neesham to Warner, 1 run full and wide, driven to the right of mid-off, drilled that with a lot of bottom hand, forced McCullum to move quickly and tumble to save it;
24.2;2;Neesham to Warner, 2 runs short ball, helped off the hips down to long leg;
24.1;1;Neesham to Burns, 1 run length ball on off stump, lets it come on and dabs it to the left of backward point;
23.6;2;Craig to Warner, 2 runs loopy delivery on off stump, driven inside-out to the right of long-off;
23.5;?;Craig to Warner, no run full on off stump, blocked back to the bowler;
23.4;1;Craig to Burns, 1 run comes down the track again, doesn't get to the pitch this time, stretches out and plays a defensive push into the cover region;
23.3;1;Craig to Warner, 1 run full on leg stump, clipped quietly to long-on;
23.2;1;Craig to Burns, 1 run down the track again, tossed up a bit wider, driven to extra cover;
23.1;?;Craig to Burns, no run down the track to the loopy ball on off stump, driven back firmly but straight to the bowler;
22.6;1;Neesham to Burns, 1 run full, angling into off stump, driven down to long-on;
22.5;?;Neesham to Burns, no run fullish on off stump, driven back firmly and Neesham bends down to field it in his follow-through;
22.4;?;Neesham to Burns, no run full on middle and leg, clipped to midwicket;
22.3;?;Neesham to Burns, no run length ball, straightens in the corridor to beat Burns' forward defensive push. Played far out in front of his body there;
22.2;?;Neesham to Burns, no run shortish, angling down leg. Burns looks to help it to fine leg, can't connect. Would have connected if he weren't taking guard on off stump;
22.1;2;Neesham to Burns, 2 runs full and wide, driven to the right of Boult at sweeper cover;
21.6;1;Craig to Burns, 1 run length ball, goes back and tucks it through square leg;
21.5;1;Craig to Warner, 1 run full on off stump, clipped to long-on;
21.4;1;Craig to Burns, 1 run tossed up outside off, stretches out and plays the checked push into the covers;
21.3;?;Craig to Burns, no run down the track and Craig gets it to dip on him outside off. Reaches out to defend, the ball rolls off the inside edge towards mid-on;
21.2;1;Craig to Warner, 1 run short and wide, slapped to sweeper cover;
21.1;?;Craig to Warner, no run full on off stump, and McCullum dives to his left from short extra to stop the easy driven single down to long-off;
20.6;4;Neesham to Burns, FOUR runs short, angling in, pulled away easily to the backward square leg boundary. There was a deep square leg and a long leg, and neither had any chance of cutting it off;
20.5;?;Neesham to Burns, no run slower ball, back of a length outside off. Waits and dabs it towards backward point;
20.4;?;Neesham to Burns, no run full, a bit wider, looks to defend and ends up inside-edging into his pad. Some inward movement, perhaps;
20.3;6;Neesham to Burns, SIX runs full outside off and Burns smokes it for a straight six. Just swung through the line and launched it over the long-on boundary;
20.2;?;Neesham to Burns, no run full on off stump, driven firmly into the ground, bounces up into the right hand of the bowler, who fields it over his shoulder in his follow-through;
20.1;?;Neesham to Burns, no run length ball on off stump, defended to short extra cover;
19.6;1;Craig to Burns, 1 run down the track, converts this into a full-toss and drives it down to long-off;
19.5;?;Craig to Burns, no run tossed up outside off, defended towards extra cover;
19.4;1;Craig to Warner, 1 run tossed up fuller, driven down to long-off;
19.3;?;Craig to Warner, no run turn and bounce from a length. Warner went on the back foot, thinking he could tuck it into the leg side, and it beat his edge by a long way;
19.2;?;Craig to Warner, no run full on off stump, clipped into the mid-on region. Short midwicket moves across to field it;
19.1;?;Craig to Warner, no run length ball outside off, goes deep to cut, can't beat a fine backward point;
18.6;?;Neesham to Burns, no run yorker on off stump, stabbed out to mid-on;
18.5;1;Neesham to Warner, 1 run back of a length outside off, taps down on top of the bounce to guide it to third man;
18.4;?;Neesham to Warner, no run full outside off, jabbed to extra cover;
18.3;1;Neesham to Burns, 1 run length ball angling into middle stump, tucked away through square leg;
18.2;4;Neesham to Burns, FOUR runs low full-toss close to off stump, driven firmly down the ground, beats mid-on diving to his left;
18.1;?;Neesham to Burns, no run fullish outside off, stays slightly inside the line to slice the drive towards point;
17.6;?;Craig to Warner, no run very full on off stump, jabbed back to the bowler;
17.5;1;Craig to Burns, 1 run down the track to the flighted middle-stump ball, whipped to long-on;
17.4;1;Craig to Warner, 1 run tossed up on middle and off, clipped gently through square leg;
17.3;2;Craig to Warner, 2 runs flighted ball outside off, driven to the left of sweeper cover;
17.2;?;Craig to Warner, no run back of a length outside off, chopped to short third man;
17.1;1;Craig to Burns, 1 run full-toss outside off, and Burns misses it, looking to drive it with an angled bat. Rolls off the keeper's pads towards short third man;
16.6;1;Neesham to Burns, 1 run length ball outside off. Burns gets forward and dabs it down to third man, brings up his second half-century of his first Test as an opener.;
16.5;?;Neesham to Burns, no run back of a length, fifth-stump line, gets back and across and blocks into the cover region;
16.4;4;Neesham to Burns, FOUR runs shortish outside off, and he lets it come on and steers it down to the third man boundary. Australia's 100 comes up.;
16.3;?;Neesham to Burns, no run length ball on off stump, gets forward to block to short cover;
16.2;?;Neesham to Burns, no run back of a length outside off, straightens past the outside edge as Burns pokes hesitantly;
16.1;?;Neesham to Burns, no run full on off stump, clipped to mid-on;
15.6;1;Craig to Burns, 1 run down the track, gets inside the line of the wide, tossed-up ball and drives to sweeper cover;
15.5;?;Craig to Burns, no run length ball turning into off stump. Goes on the back foot and tucks it to midwicket;
15.4;1;Craig to Warner, 1 run a bit of flight now, driven quietly to long-off;
15.3;?;Craig to Warner, no run back of a length close to off stump, chopped down to short third man;
15.2;?;Craig to Warner, no run back of a length close to off stump. Lets it come on, and looks to dab it past slip. Can't quite get it wide enough;
15.1;2;Craig to Warner, 2 runs short and wide to start, and he steps back and chops it down to the right of backward point, gets another double to reach his half-century;
14.6;?;Neesham to Burns, no run full outside off, driven to short cover;
14.5;?;Neesham to Burns, no run back of a length outside off, defended with an open face to backward point;
14.4;4;Neesham to Burns, FOUR runs short and wide, not the greatest execution of the cut, toe-ends it into the ground and past the diving keeper, but he won't mind the runs coming in any manner right now;
14.3;4;Neesham to Burns, FOUR runs length ball, too straight, and Burns plays another deft glance to the fine leg boundary;
14.2;?;Neesham to Burns, no run full, angling into off stump, blocked towards mid-off;
14.1;1;Neesham to Warner, 1 run short and wide, dabbed out to deepish point;
13.6;?;Boult to Burns, no run length ball, fourth-stump line, blocked to short extra cover;
13.5;1;Boult to Warner, 1 run angling into middle and leg, tucked away wide of mid-on;
13.4;?;Boult to Warner, no run back of a length, fourth-stump line, blocked back to the bowler;
13.3;?;Boult to Warner, no run back of a length, some swing away from a wide line. Warner pokes and misses;
13.2;?;Boult to Warner, no run back of a length outside off, defended into the covers;
13.1;?;Boult to Warner, no run fullish outside off, defended to mid-off;
12.6;1;Neesham to Warner, 1 run back of a length on leg stump, tucked away backward of square;
12.5;4;Neesham to Warner, FOUR runs short and wide, and there's that deft late cut again, it's almost past him when he taps down on top of the bounce, and off it goes to the third man boundary;
12.4;?;Neesham to Warner, no run low full-toss wide of off stump, flat-batted straight to mid-off;
12.3;1;Neesham to Burns, 1 run full and wide, gets on the front foot to drive to deep point;
12.2;4;Neesham to Burns, FOUR runs action replay. Short again, along the same line, almost, a little closer to off stump maybe, and Burns pulls him to the same boundary, into the wide expanses to the right of mid-on;
12.1;4;Neesham to Burns, FOUR runs short outside off, pulled away to the straight midwicket boundary;
11.6;2;Boult to Warner, 2 runs short again, gets on his toes and cuts to the right of deep point;
11.5;4;Boult to Warner, FOUR runs short and wide, and Warner goes deep in his crease and plays late to cut to the right of the diving Williamson at short backward point;
11.4;1;Boult to Burns, 1 run back of a length outside off, punched to deep point;
11.3;1;Boult to Warner, 1 run back of a length outside off, Warner uses his wrists to nurdle it to the left of midwicket;
11.2;1;Boult to Burns, 1 run full and wide and Burns gets nicely forward, head over the ball, to steer it to sweeper cover;
11.1;1;Boult to Warner, 1 run back of a length outside off, leans back and dabs it to deep point;
10.6;?;Neesham to Burns, no run back of a length on off stump, defended to short cover;
10.5;2;Neesham to Burns, 2 runs short and wide, slapped to sweeper cover;
10.5;1w;Neesham to Burns, 1 wide bouncer, loops up and over Burns' mildly crouched form and into the keeper's gloves. Wide called;
10.4;?;Neesham to Burns, no run length ball wide of off, left alone;
10.3;1;Neesham to Warner, 1 run full outside off, and that's driven with a lot of bottom hand, into the gap to the left of mid-off, and McCullum puts in another sprint and slide to stop it;
10.2;?;Neesham to Warner, no run length ball wide of off stump. Reaches out and looks to slap it square, ends up chopping it on the bounce to the keeper;
10.1;?;Neesham to Warner, no run back of a length, slanting away from off stump. Lets it come on and dabs it to backward point;
9.6;?;Bracewell to Burns, no run length ball outside off and he stretches forward and defends with an open face towards gully;
9.6;1nb;Bracewell to Burns, (no ball) sharp bouncer, skims quickly over the left shoulder and Watling catches it over his head. The effort causes his front foot to slide marginally beyond the popping crease;
9.5;?;Bracewell to Burns, no run back of a length, a bit of inward movement to beat the inside edge as Burns looks to flick. Hits him on the thigh pad;
9.4;2;Bracewell to Burns, 2 runs full outside off and Burns drives smoothly, threads it between short extra cover, diving to his right, and mid-off, sprinting to his left;
9.3;4;Bracewell to Burns, FOUR runs too straight, and Burns glances it very well off his pads, gets it nice and fine to the boundary , a long way to the right of long leg;
9.2;1;Bracewell to Warner, 1 run full outside off, driven to mid-off and Warner sprints another quick single;
9.1;?;Bracewell to Warner, no run shortish, slanting across, slides under Warner's bat as he aims a pull at it. Maybe kept a bit low;
8.6;?;Neesham to Burns, no run fullish, wide outside off, left alone;
8.5;?;Neesham to Burns, no run length ball outside off, left alone;
8.4;?;Neesham to Burns, no run short and wide, didn't quite get across to cut, is beaten as a result;
8.3;1;Neesham to Warner, 1 run full-toss outside off, punched straight to mid-off for a single. Didn't time it too well, made the single easier;
8.2;2;Neesham to Warner, 2 runs length ball on middle stump, clipped wide of mid-on again, and that's another double;
8.1;2;Neesham to Warner, 2 runs full on leg stump, clipped away towards deep midwicket, and that's two more to Warner;
7.6;?;Bracewell to Burns, no run full on off stump, driven to mid-on;
7.5;?;Bracewell to Burns, no run length ball outside off, left alone;
7.4;2;Bracewell to Burns, 2 runs full on middle stump, and that's clipped beautifully, just beats mid-on diving to his left;
7.3;1;Bracewell to Warner, 1 run back of a length on middle stump, tucked away through midwicket;
7.2;?;Bracewell to Warner, no run full, angling away from off stump, driven to mid-off;
7.1;?;Bracewell to Warner, no run full outside off, clipped to mid-on;
6.6;1;Boult to Warner, 1 run length ball, comes in off the seam towards off stump. Warner is vigilant, he brings his bat down quickly to tuck it to the left of mid-on;
6.5;1;Boult to Burns, 1 run length ball down the leg side, nudged away towards fine leg;
6.4;4;Boult to Burns, FOUR runs short, and Burns is showing he loves to pull. Gets into a superb position, and hits it over square leg;
6.3;1;Boult to Warner, 1 run short and wide, cut away to deep point;
6.2;?;Boult to Warner, no run length ball angling in from a fifth-stump line, left alone;
6.1;?;Boult to Warner, no run length ball wide of off stump, left alone;
5.6;?;Bracewell to Burns, no run full on middle stump, clipped to mid-on;
5.5;?;Bracewell to Burns, no run length ball on off stump, defended to mid-on;
5.4;3;Bracewell to Warner, 3 runs full outside off and Warner drives down the ground, looks more for placement than power, into the gap to the left of McCullum at mid-off;
5.3;1;Bracewell to Burns, 1 run short ball angling into the body, pulled around to long leg;
5.2;?;Bracewell to Burns, no run back of a length on off stump, defended to short extra cover;
5.1;?;Bracewell to Burns, no run fullish length on off stump, straightens just a touch, defended to short extra cover;
4.6;2;Boult to Warner, 2 runs length ball on middle stump, clipped wide of mid-on, and Warner runs two more;
4.5;2;Boult to Warner, 2 runs low full-toss on off stump, and he clips it away through midwicket and picks up another couple;
4.4;2;Boult to Warner, 2 runs full, angling into middle stump. Warner's taking an off-stump guard, almost, and he can flick it away fine, to the left of long leg, and pick up two;
4.3;?;Boult to Warner, no run length ball, slants down the leg side;
4.2;?;Boult to Warner, no run full on off stump, defended to mid-on;
4.1;4;Boult to Warner, FOUR runs short ball angling into off stump, pulled away nicely to the backward square leg boundary. More a whip than a pull, and it simply races away;
3.6;?;Bracewell to Burns, no run full on off and middle, blocked to mid-on;
3.5;?;Bracewell to Burns, no run back of a length, fourth-stump line, well-judged leave from Burns;
3.5;1nb;Bracewell to Burns, (no ball) length ball angling into off stump, blocked towards mid-on;
3.4;?;Bracewell to Burns, no run full outside off, driven firmly to extra cover;
3.3;1;Bracewell to Warner, 1 run back of a length, fourth stump, blocked into the cover region;
3.2;?;Bracewell to Warner, no run bouncer, Warner gets into a half-crouch under it;
3.1;2;Bracewell to Warner, 2 runs length ball outside off, and he lets it come on and manouevres it into the gap to the right of cover;
2.6;?;Boult to Burns, no run length ball on off stump, blocked towards mid-off;
2.5;4;Boult to Burns, 4 runs fullish outside off, presses forward to drive through square cover;
2.4;?;Boult to Burns, no run full on off stump, blocked to mid-on;
2.3;?;Boult to Burns, no run full, slanting away, left alone;
2.2;3;Boult to Warner, 3 runs length ball outside off, and he gets forward and uses his hands to ease it past the diving fielder at extra cover, to his right. McCullum chases back from mid-off to pull it back with a dive;
2.1;?;Boult to Warner, no run back of a length outside off, gets nicely behind it to defend;
1.6;?;Bracewell to Burns, no run fuller, a bit wider, another leave;
1.5;?;Bracewell to Burns, no run back of a length, fourth-stump line, left alone;
1.4;?;Bracewell to Burns, no run length ball on off stump, defended to short extra;
1.3;?;Bracewell to Burns, no run length ball angling in towards off stump. Good stride forward to block it;
1.2;?;Bracewell to Burns, no run back of a length outside off, left alone;
1.1;?;Bracewell to Burns, no run back of a length on off stump, defended into the covers;
0.6;?;Boult to Warner, no run full outside off, blocked back to the bowler;
0.5;?;Boult to Warner, no run length ball, straightens on a fourth-stump line, left alone;
0.4;4;Boult to Warner, FOUR runs short and wide, this hasn't been the best start from Boult, and Warner flays it away to the cover point boundary;
0.3;1;Boult to Burns, 1 run fuller now, some swing in towards off stump, and Burns comes forward to defend, squeezes it towards fine leg off the inside edge;
0.2;4;Boult to Burns, FOUR runs short again, and Burns swats the pull away, dismissively, over square leg;
0.1;?;Boult to Burns, no run shortish, some swing in over off stump, defended down towards midwicket;

1.30pm We're ready to resume. Joe Burns and David Warner stride out to open, and Trent Boult will bowl the first over.
 Innings Start
12.30pm And that's it from all of us. Hope you've enjoyed following our updates. Until next time, it's goodbye from me, Gopi and Sanjay.
Joel: "Australia 8 for 820, New Zealand 20 for 612. Pretty much explains it. Australia were able to take wickets, New Zealand were not."
Benno: "Disappointed. Disappointed in the umpiring decisions, disappointed in the lack of fight from kiwis today, disappointed in Baz, Neesh, and for the first time BJ. They obviously learnt nothing from the first test in England this year where they batted with equal bravado and no common sense. The lost that test, but had they batted with more sense, they needed only to survive a few more overs before the rains hit. Might have been a tall order to survive this test, but at least make the Aussies work for it. Make them sweat. After Kane's wicket yesterday the Aussies knew it was all just a matter of time. "
Shaun: "@John, at least your child won't be named "intermittent showers""
Adwait: "If John goes with Mitchell as his son's name, the boy would then be Mitchell, John's son."
Steven Smith: "Davy Warner and Joe Burns really set the tone in the first morning. Was hard work, a bit tacky, and they got through that first hour and set it up for us. Wasn't so much nervous, mostly excitement [to take over as full-time captain]. It's a big responsibility and challenge, and it's great to lead such a young team full of energy. Joe Burns was exceptional, and Usman Khawaja back as well. Their first Test hundreds, it's very exciting for us for the future. To be 1-0 up in a three-match series is crucial. I'm really satisfied, but we have a few things to work on, our new-ball bowling, we could hit our lengths better. Two hundreds in a match for the third time [for Warner] and that's an amazing achievement."
David Warner is the man of the match: "Good to put a nice performance on the board. There wasn't much for the bowlers. It was a great win and we now have to move on to Perth. I was looking back with some disappointment to England. I only got a couple of fifties in the second innings in England, was disappointing not to score in the first innings. The way [Joe Burns] came out and played his shots - we know how he plays, as the Australian unit, and now the world knows. So happy for [Khawaja] to move to Queensland, find a new home, and come back from injury and do so well."
Brendon McCullum: "Nigel Llong and Richard Illingworth are two of the best umpires in the world," he says, when asked about DRS and the decision against him, and refuses to criticise the umpires. "We lost by 200 and something odd runs, and Australia deserved to win. I hope [Tim Southee] will be fit. The fact that he didn't bowl the last couple of days, we hope he'll be fit for the next Test match. We've achieved some pretty special things of late, and we need something special to come back from this as well."
Aidan: "As an Australian I seriously think Williamson deserves man of the match. Stood miles above the rest of NZ against a much harder attack than Warner/Burns/Khawaja faced, and he's won the hearts of most Australians I've met."
Scuderi: "John should drop 'Mark Craig' and go with Mitchell."
Jeremy from mel: "To John who's awaiting the birth of his child. A better name might be "Nick Behind""
12.13pm Only rain, realistically, stood between Australia and a win after they declared 503 ahead, with two days to go. The weather frustrated them yesterday, as did New Zealand's top order of Latham, Guptill and Williamson. Some resistance today too, with McCullum making a typically aggressive half-century, but the bowlers have found a way through the New Zealand line-up to wrap up a massive win, by 208 runs. Australia's bowlers found ways to take wickets on this pitch. New Zealand's bowlers did not. That was the difference.
88.3;W;Starc to Boult, OUT full, slanting away in the channel, and Australia have won. Boult makes room to drive that through extra cover, and he gets a healthy edge through to Nevill;Trent Boult c ?Nevill b Starc 15 (37m 26b 3x4 0x6) SR: 57.69;
88.2;?;Starc to Boult, no run bouncer pitching outside leg. Boult ducks under it;
88.1;1lb;Starc to Craig, 1 leg bye low full-toss on the pads, clipped away through backward square leg. Takes the single;
87.6;?;Johnson to Boult, no run short, and Boult backs away, swings, and misses. Was looking to pull it;
87.5;1;Johnson to Craig, 1 run back of a length on off stump, he pushes it to the left of point and runs the single. Boult on strike for the last ball;
87.4;?;Johnson to Craig, no run length ball outside off, and he backs away, slashes, and misses. Was looking to crash that through the covers off the back foot;
87.3;?;Johnson to Craig, no run bouncer, Craig ducks his upper body under it;
87.2;?;Johnson to Craig, no run length ball angling into the pads, tucked away towards deep square leg, and he doesn't take the single;
87.1;?;Johnson to Craig, no run full, hits Craig's front pad, but the impact is a long way outside leg stump as he misses the flick;
86.6;4;Hazlewood to Boult, FOUR runs full on middle stump and Boult gets his feet away from leg stump and his bat under the ball to lift it up and over mid-off. He's missing everything when the ball is not at the stumps, and middling everything when it is;
86.5;?;Hazlewood to Boult, no run short over off stump and Boult backs away and misses an attempted ramp over the slips;
86.4;?;Hazlewood to Boult, no run full on off stump, and he goes right back to his stumps and defends to mid-on with his front leg going up in that prance once again;
86.3;4;Hazlewood to Boult, FOUR runs ha ha! Fullish, angling towards leg stump. Boult clears his front leg, slogs, and inside-edges past leg stump;
86.2;?;Hazlewood to Boult, no run full, aiming at the stumps but just missing leg as Boult clears his front leg, exposes his stumps, and swings hard, looking to go over midwicket;
86.1;1;Hazlewood to Craig, 1 run short ball outside off, pulled to deep midwicket;
85.6;4;Starc to Boult, FOUR runs full outside off, and that is a stunning shot. Makes a bit of room and just lifts that over extra cover. Freezes for the cameras, left elbow high, and stands there and watches it run away to the boundary;
85.5;?;Starc to Boult, no run bouncer, angled into the stumps. Boult steps across and ducks his upper body to get under it. Kept his eye on it too;
85.4;?;Starc to Boult, no run wide-ish yorker, Boult can't get his bat down in time to stab it into the off side;
85.3;?;Starc to Boult, no run full on off stump, and this time Boult moves the opposite way to defend into the covers;
85.2;?;Starc to Boult, no run back of a length outside off, and he walks right across, exposes all three stumps, and defends to mid-on with his front leg lifted in the air. This is brilliant to watch, and Smith has a guffaw at slip;
85.1;?;Starc to Boult, no run fullish outside off, left alone;
84.6;?;Hazlewood to Craig, no run shortish outside off, and this one keeps low to sneak under Craig's pull and bounce a second time before it reaches Nevill;
84.5;4b;Hazlewood to Craig, 4 byes short outside off, exaggerated bounce to beat both Craig's attempted slap and the keeper's stretched leap;
84.4;?;Hazlewood to Craig, no run length ball angling away from off stump. Craig swings and misses;
84.3;4;Hazlewood to Craig, FOUR runs short on off stump and he makes swinging room by moving away from leg stump, and swivels on his back leg to pull to the midwicket boundary;
84.2;6;Hazlewood to Craig, SIX runs a bit fuller and slightly wider and Craig just clears is front leg and swings through the line to clear the long-off boundary;
84.1;?;Hazlewood to Craig, no run length ball outside off, driven on the up to mid-off;
83.6;1;Starc to Craig, 1 run backs away from his stumps, the yorker follows him, and he digs it out into the leg side to retain the strike;
83.5;?;Starc to Craig, no run full, a bit of shape into off stump, Craig plays a checked drive to mid-off;
83.4;?;Starc to Craig, no run length ball wide of off stump, Craig is nowhere near it with his feet, plays and misses;
83.3;4;Starc to Craig, FOUR runs full, aiming at the batsman who was moving away from his stumps. Drives it back to the bowler, who has an unnecessary shy at the stumps. Again it's closer to the batsman than the stumps and he slides his feet out of the way and it runs away to the boundary;
83.2;4;Starc to Craig, FOUR runs back of a length on off stump and he makes a bit of room to steer that to the right of gully, down to the third man boundary;
83.1;4;Starc to Craig, FOUR runs length ball on off stump, and Craig clears his front leg to loft that up and over the umpire's head. Straight bat, just flows through the line;
82.6;?;Hazlewood to Boult, no run full, swinging away outside off. Boult goes back and across to defend, misses;
82.5;?;Hazlewood to Boult, no run fullish, aiming at leg stump. Backs away and plays what can only be described as a defensive swipe to mid-on;
82.4;2;Hazlewood to Boult, 2 runs short ball over off stump and he backs away and spoons a ramp over the cordon. Marsh chases back from fourth slip, can't quite make it;
82.3;?;Hazlewood to Boult, no run length ball, aims at the retreating batsman rather than the stumps, and he defends to mid-on with a studiously straight bat;
82.2;?;Hazlewood to Boult, no run length ball outside off, another waft-and-miss after backing away;
82.1;?;Hazlewood to Boult, no run short ball outside off, Boult backs away and attempts to ramp it long after the ball has passed him;
81.6;?;Starc to Craig, no run length ball slung out wide of off stump. Very wide, and Craig realises he can't connect with his attempted slap, checks himself;
81.5;1;Starc to Boult, 1 run yorker on off stump, jabbed away into the covers;
81.4;?;Starc to Boult, no run full, close to off stump. Boult moves his front leg way outside leg stump and punches to short extra cover;
81.3;1;Starc to Craig, 1 run very full on leg stump, clipped to deep square leg;
81.2;?;Starc to Craig, no run full again, angling down leg again;
81.1;?;Starc to Craig, no run looks to go full, predictably, but angles it down leg. Nowhere near the batsman, and he had no chance of connecting with that flick;
80.6;?;Hazlewood to Boult, no run full on middle stump, and Boult blocks it back to the bowler. He was moving away from leg stump as he played it;
80.5;?;Hazlewood to Boult, no run length ball outside off, left alone;
80.4;?;Hazlewood to Boult, no run fullish on off stump, goes on the back foot to defend towards short cover;
80.3;?;Hazlewood to Boult, no run full outside off, left alone;
80.2;W;Hazlewood to Southee, OUT full outswinger outside off, and it looks like Southee has nicked it to the keeper. Looked to smash it over mid-on, and it seemed like an obvious nick, but he's reviewed the out decision. Maybe it was bat on ground. Tiny Hotspot mark, but it's at the bottom of the bat rather than where it seemed to hit the edge, but Snicko goes crazy at the point where the ball is up next to the edge, so the third umpire has gone with the umpire's decision. Only thing that could have possibly saved the batsman was that the potential outside edge and the potential bat-on-ground seemed to happen at the same time;Tim Southee c ?Nevill b Hazlewood 5 (8m 8b 1x4 0x6) SR: 62.5;
80.1;4;Hazlewood to Southee, FOUR runs full outside off and Southee throws his bat at it with minimal footwork. Sliced away to the right of the diving gully fielder;
79.6;?;Lyon to Craig, no run length ball turning towards off stump, goes deep in his crease to punch it back to the bowler;
79.5;1lb;Lyon to Southee, 1 leg bye length ball turning down leg, tucked away towards backward square leg;
79.4;?;Lyon to Southee, no run slightly fuller and closer to off stump, blocked back to the bowler;
79.3;?;Lyon to Southee, no run length ball wide of off stump and he presses forward to block;
79.2;?;Lyon to Southee, no run pulls his length back a touch and there's some turn on this. Southee, coming forward to defend, inside-edges onto his pad;
79.1;?;Lyon to Southee, no run flighted ball wide of off stump and he comes forward to block it back to the bowler;
78.6;?;Marsh to Craig, no run short outside off, extra bounce to beat Craig's leaden-footed slash;
78.5;1;Marsh to Southee, 1 run back of a length on off stump, dabbed away calmly towards point;
78.4;W;Marsh to Bracewell, OUT full and inswinging, and Marsh is on a hat-trick. Right up there, and it pinned Bracewell's front pad on the crease as he aimed an on-drive at it. Looked plumb on first viewing, and ball-tracking thinks so too. Hitting middle and leg stump;Doug Bracewell lbw b Marsh 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
78.3;W;Marsh to McCullum, OUT keeps a bit low and comes in off the pitch as McCullum jumps back to work a back-of-a-length ball into the leg side, and there are two appeals. One for lbw, one for a catch at slip as Smith dives forward to grab it low. Nigel Llong raises his fingers, gestures to indicate he gave it out caught, and replays have shown quite clearly that it went straight off the flap of the pad. McCullum doesn't look happy as he walks off. New Zealand have no reviews left, and are eight balls away from regaining them. Hit him on the jump too. Will be interesting to see if it was lbw;Brendon McCullum c Smith b Marsh 80 (119m 80b 10x4 2x6) SR: 100;
78.2;?;Marsh to McCullum, no run bouncer, dug it in exaggeratedly short, and it bounces a long way over the crouched batsman;
78.2;1nb;Marsh to McCullum, (no ball) back of a length on off stump, punched to mid-off;
78.1;?;Marsh to McCullum, no run back of a length on off stump, rides the bounce and defends down a few feet in front of him;
77.6;?;Lyon to Craig, no run full on middle stump, clipped to mid-on;
77.5;?;Lyon to Craig, no run length ball angling into middle stump, comes forward to defend into the on side;
77.4;?;Lyon to Craig, no run lbw appeal first up, the Australians feel it's pad before bat as he comes forward to defend one that slides on with the angle. Given not out, and we have another review... Definitely pad before bat. Bat was well behind pad. But the ball didn't actually slide on. Just turned less than Craig expected, and though it hit him in line, it was turning away just slightly and would have missed off stump, according to ball tracking.;
77.3;W;Lyon to Watling, OUT given! Went deep in his crease and looked to work this into the leg side. Spun more than he expected, perhaps, to beat his inside edge and hit his pad. He's reviewed it. Let's see. Hit in front of middle and off, on the flap of the pad. Hitting the top of leg stump, a decent chunk of it, says ball-tracking, and Watling has to walk back. Didn't really execute that shot too well.;BJ Watling lbw b Lyon 14 (37m 31b 2x4 0x6) SR: 45.16;
77.2;?;Lyon to Watling, no run back of a length, turning in from outside off, gets deep in his crease to defend down the pitch;
77.1;?;Lyon to Watling, no run flighted ball outside off and he gets a big stretch out to defend, head right over the ball;
76.6;1;Marsh to Watling, 1 run full on off stump, clipped to the right of mid-on;
76.5;?;Marsh to Watling, no run short ball, rising over off stump. Leans backwards and ignores it;
76.4;?;Marsh to Watling, no run full outside off, comes on the front foot to defend, slides off the outside half of his bat to gully;
76.3;?;Marsh to Watling, no run back of a length, angling into middle and leg, tucked away towards midwicket;
76.2;?;Marsh to Watling, no run short outside off, bounces quite high, and he gets on top of it to slap to point;
76.1;?;Marsh to Watling, no run fullish, fourth-stump line, left alone;
75.6;?;Lyon to McCullum, no run short, turning into leg stump. Goes back and makes a bit of room to play a controlled cut towards point;
75.5;1;Lyon to Watling, 1 run tossed up on off stump, comes forward and clips it around the corner to deep backward square leg;
75.4;1;Lyon to McCullum, 1 run short ball, pulled firmly and it deflects off short leg to the left of deep backward square leg. Hit him on the back as he ducked to evade it;
75.3;?;Lyon to McCullum, no run appeal for lbw as McCullum misses the sweep. Pitched on or just outside leg and bounced up to hit his midriff;
75.2;?;Lyon to McCullum, no run length ball turning and bouncing from middle stump. Goes on the back foot to work it leg side and it beats his inside edge and hits his thigh pad;
75.1;?;Lyon to McCullum, no run tossed up on a good length on off stump, stretches out to block back to the bowler;
74.6;?;Marsh to Watling, no run back of a length on off stump, blocked to short cover;
74.5;2;Marsh to Watling, 2 runs back of a length outside off, gets on his toes to punch to the left of backward point;
74.4;1;Marsh to McCullum, 1 run length ball on middle stump, tucked away quietly through midwicket;
74.3;4;Marsh to McCullum, FOUR runs short, gets up chest high, and he goes for the quick-hands, short-arm pull, and the ball flies off the top edge to the fine leg boundary. Almost carried all the way;
74.2;?;Marsh to McCullum, no run full, angling down leg, McCullum misses the flick;
74.1;?;Marsh to McCullum, no run ouch. Ran down the track too early and Marsh banged it in short, angling it into the batsman. Ducked, took his eye off the ball, and it pinged him on the side of the helmet;
73.6;?;Lyon to Watling, no run back of a length on middle stump. Looks for the single after working it off the back foot to the left of short fine leg, but McCullum sends him back;
73.5;?;Lyon to Watling, no run length ball on off stump, quickish, goes on the back foot to defend to short leg;
73.4;?;Lyon to Watling, no run shortish, spinning down leg. Pulls it around but can't beat the man at short fine leg;
73.3;?;Lyon to Watling, no run length ball close to off stump, gets forward and blocks it back to the bowler;
73.2;?;Lyon to Watling, no run once again, tossed up on off stump. Good stride forward to smother it close to the pitch of the ball;
73.1;?;Lyon to Watling, no run floats it across outside off and Watling presses forward to block;
72.6;1;Marsh to Watling, 1 run full on middle stump, clipped to the right of mid-on;
72.5;?;Marsh to Watling, no run length ball, fifth-stump line, left alone;
72.4;?;Marsh to Watling, no run length ball on off stump, blocked to short extra cover;
72.3;?;Marsh to Watling, no run back of a length close to off stump, punched to short cover;
72.2;?;Marsh to Watling, no run back of a length, straightening a touch outside off with extra bounce, beats the edge. Watling pokes instinctively before pulling his hands back towards his body;
72.1;1;Marsh to McCullum, 1 run full on middle stump, clipped away to deep square leg;
71.6;1;Lyon to McCullum, 1 run sweeps again, shouts of catch it as it hangs in the air for a bit, but drops short of that man Starc;
71.5;1;Lyon to Watling, 1 run fullish on middle stump and Watling goes for the sweep, slightly off the top edge but he gets it wide of the man at long leg. Starc, who's a good 20 yards in front of the rope, dives to his right to stop it;
71.4;?;Lyon to Watling, no run back of a length outside off, and he goes deep in his crease to play it with the turn. Burns dives to his right at short leg and stops it on the bounce;
71.3;?;Lyon to Watling, no run flighted fuller and he presses forward, defends with the turn to short leg;
71.2;?;Lyon to Watling, no run back of a length, turning down leg, tucks it down to the man at 45;
71.1;4;Lyon to Watling, FOUR runs short and wide and Watling cuts it away to the right of the diving backward point fielder. Rolls slowly over the outfield and just about makes it all the way, comes to rest against the boundary cushions;
70.6;?;Johnson to McCullum, no run bouncer, doesn't get up too high, but McCullum sinks low, jackknifing at the knees and waist to get under it;
70.5;?;Johnson to McCullum, no run length ball close to off stump, gets a positive stride forward to block back to the bowler;
70.4;?;Johnson to McCullum, no run that's an awkward-looking leave. It's dug in short outside leg, and McCullum just jutted his upper body into the off side, letting the ball pass behind his back;
70.3;?;Johnson to McCullum, no run short, rising chest-high. Jumps in the air and defends, keeping it down in front of short leg;
70.2;6;Johnson to McCullum, SIX runs bouncer, he has to drag the hook from over his right shoulder, and it was in the air, but in the air for long enough to carry all the way over the backward square leg boundary;
70.1;4;Johnson to McCullum, FOUR runs short, wide, crunched away to the cover point boundary. He's feasting on anything in that area;
69.6;4;Lyon to Watling, FOUR runs now Watling sweeps as this turns in from outside off, and it was almost a pull off one knee, because he hit that with the ball bouncing around knee high, Connected beautifully to beat deepish backward square leg to his right;
69.5;1;Lyon to McCullum, 1 run tossed up outside off, swept towards long leg;
69.4;?;Lyon to McCullum, no run back of a length, turning into leg stump, tucked away to backward square leg;
69.3;4;Lyon to McCullum, FOUR runs this one's short and wide, and he chops down on top of the bounce to find the cover boundary;
69.2;?;Lyon to McCullum, no run flatter, much quicker, and McCullum gets in an awkward position while going back to cut, manages to slap it to short cover;
69.1;?;Lyon to McCullum, no run length ball turning into middle stump, defended to short midwicket;
68.6;?;Johnson to Watling, no run fullish wide of off, left alone;
68.5;?;Johnson to Watling, no run length ball, defended off the back foot to short cover;
68.4;W;Johnson to Neesham, OUT wow. This one bounces higher, dug in with extra effort, and Neesham can't do much about it, it's right on target, neck-high, and he jumps back, fends at it, takes his eye off the ball, and pops it up to short leg off the bat handle;James Neesham c Burns b Johnson 3 (45m 33b 0x4 0x6) SR: 9.09;
68.3;?;Johnson to Neesham, no run is that a catch at short leg? Burns dives forward and takes it low after the shortish ball pops up in front of him, but it was just off thigh pad. The inward angle beat his inside edge;
68.2;?;Johnson to Neesham, no run back of a length on off stump, blocked to mid-off;
68.1;1;Johnson to McCullum, 1 run back of a length outside off, gets back and across to push to the left of short extra;
67.6;?;Lyon to Neesham, no run length ball outside off, gets a good forward stride out to defend to short extra cover;
67.5;1;Lyon to McCullum, 1 run length ball turning into off and middle and he goes deep in his crease to work it to the right of midwicket;
67.4;?;Lyon to McCullum, no run goes for the sweep from wide outside off and it bounces extra to beat his outside edge;
67.3;2;Lyon to McCullum, 2 runs a bit fuller, along the same wide line, and he squeezes a checked drive into the gap to the left of short extra cover;
67.2;?;Lyon to McCullum, no run loop and dip wide of off and McCullum stretches out to defend. Spins back sharply and hits his front pad;
67.1;?;Lyon to McCullum, no run flighted ball on leg stump, defended towards midwicket;
66.6;?;Johnson to Neesham, no run full, close to off stump, defended to extra cover;
66.5;?;Johnson to Neesham, no run short, angling across towards off stump, jumps up to defend right under his eyes. Hit the bat high, near the handle;
66.4;?;Johnson to Neesham, no run shortish, rising towards the front hip, and he works it around the corner towards backward square leg;
66.3;?;Johnson to Neesham, no run short, rising over off stump, Neesham sways his upper body out of the way;
66.2;?;Johnson to Neesham, no run another bouncer, Neesham ducks under it;
66.1;1;Johnson to McCullum, 1 run dug in short and McCullum goes for the hook. Hit high on the bat, in the air, and he seemed to think he was gone, but it dropped down a few feet short of Lyon at deep square leg;
65.6;?;Lyon to Neesham, no run length ball turning away from middle and off, he slightly misreads the length while going on the back foot and defends with an open face towards slip;
65.5;?;Lyon to Neesham, no run length ball outside off, jumps back and across to defend;
65.4;1;Lyon to McCullum, 1 run a bit fuller and closer to off stump, and he brings out the sweep again, down to long leg;
65.3;?;Lyon to McCullum, no run length ball wide of off stump, left alone. Plenty of turn and bounce, Nevill takes it over his shoulder;
65.2;?;Lyon to McCullum, no run shortish outside off, cuts to point;
65.1;6;Lyon to McCullum, SIX runs sees some flight outside off and jumps down the track, gets into the best possible position to launch that high and straight, just to the right of the sightscreen;
64.6;?;Johnson to Neesham, no run back of a length, angling into off stump, defended back down the pitch;
64.5;3;Johnson to McCullum, 3 runs fullish outside off, gets his head right over the ball to drive that to the left of mid-off;
64.4;?;Johnson to McCullum, no run full on middle stump, swerves back just a touch, and McCullum inside-edges into his pad while looking to flick it;
64.3;?;Johnson to McCullum, no run back of a length outside off, punched firmly to cover point;
64.2;?;Johnson to McCullum, no run short, rising over off stump, left alone by swaying his upper body out of line;
64.1;?;Johnson to McCullum, no run wow. What happened there? Short ball, rising chest high, and he's too early into his pull. Hit the toe-end of the bat, then his body, then looped up and hit his bat again as he swivelled all the way around, a full 360 degrees;
63.6;?;Lyon to Neesham, no run again some inward drift, brings Neesham forward to defend in front of middle stump. Made sure he kept his front pad out of the way;
63.5;?;Lyon to Neesham, no run this is a good line, drifting in a touch onto middle and off and then turning away. Neesham adjusts to defend into the off side;
63.4;?;Lyon to Neesham, no run nice flight on off stump, presses forward to defend;
63.3;?;Lyon to Neesham, no run back of a length on off stump, punched to short extra cover;
63.2;1;Lyon to McCullum, 1 run a bit closer to off stump and McCullum sweeps to long leg, executed it well, hitting with a downward motion of his bat;
63.1;?;Lyon to McCullum, no run nice flight and dip wide of off stump. McCullum stretches out to defend, off the inside half of the bat towards the bowler;
62.6;?;Johnson to Neesham, no run continues to probe away in the corridor, and Neesham continues to leave. Good over;
62.5;?;Johnson to Neesham, no run a bit fuller, in the channel outside off, good leave from Neesham;
62.4;?;Johnson to Neesham, no run shorter now outside off, and Neesham leaves it, pulling his bat behind his back to account for the inward angle;
62.3;?;Johnson to Neesham, no run back of a length outside off, left alone;
62.2;?;Johnson to Neesham, no run bouncer outside off, ducks low to stay under it;
62.1;?;Johnson to Neesham, no run shortish on off stump, gets behind it to defend softly into the off side;
61.6;1;Lyon to Neesham, 1 run fuller, slanting into the pads, tucked away to the left of midwicket;
61.5;?;Lyon to Neesham, no run back of a length, turning away from off. Jumps back and across and defends;
61.4;?;Lyon to Neesham, no run length ball, not much turn, sliding on towards off stump, defended towards short leg, bat and pad uncomfortably adjacent;
61.3;?;Lyon to Neesham, no run length ball outside off, stretches out to defend into the off side;
61.2;?;Lyon to Neesham, no run that's a delayed decision to leave from Neesham as it spins away from a good length outside off, and he nearly drags the ball onto his stumps with the inside edge of his lifting bat;
61.1;1;Lyon to McCullum, 1 run starts off with a low full-toss outside off, swept firmly to the man at deep forward square leg;
60.6;1;Starc to McCullum, 1 run short on middle stump, hops in the air and tucks it through backward square leg, far enough to the right of short leg to pick up that first leg-side run;
60.5;?;Starc to McCullum, no run short on off stump, jumps to ride the bounce and jabs it down into the ground towards point;
60.4;?;Starc to McCullum, no run back of a length on leg stump, and that's nicely clipped off the hips. Burns moves quickly to his right to deny him his first leg-side runs;
60.4;1w;Starc to McCullum, 1 wide bouncer, rises way over McCullum's head. Gets into a low crouch, but there was no danger of getting hit whatsoever;
60.3;?;Starc to McCullum, no run back of a length on off stump, blocked back to the bowler;
60.2;4;Starc to McCullum, FOUR runs and another, bang! Short again, the left-arm angle provides him extra width, and he stands there and cracks it away through cover;
60.1;4;Starc to McCullum, FOUR runs full outside off and McCullum drives down the ground, to the right of the non-striker. Suspect he was looking to go through extra cover, just dragged it straighter with his bottom hand;
59.6;1;Hazlewood to McCullum, 1 run fuller now, leaving him from off stump. McCullum doesn't really get forward, but plays the second line well to push gently into the covers;
59.5;4;Hazlewood to McCullum, FOUR runs short, wide, slapped away powerfully through cover;
59.4;1;Hazlewood to Neesham, 1 run full on leg stump, clipped away towards long leg;
59.3;?;Hazlewood to Neesham, no run length ball angling away from off stump, Neesham leaves again;
59.2;?;Hazlewood to Neesham, no run back of a length on off stump, defended to mid-on;
59.1;?;Hazlewood to Neesham, no run length ball leaving the left-hander from off stump, left alone;
58.6;?;Starc to McCullum, no run another short ball, manages to leave this one;
58.5;?;Starc to McCullum, no run short ball rising over middle and off. McCullum fends at it awkwardly, pops it up square on the off side off the handle. Good job he dropped the bottom hand, or he'd have taken a nasty blow;
58.4;1;Starc to Neesham, 1 run yorker on leg stump, jams down to dig it out into the leg side;
58.3;3;Starc to McCullum, 3 runs full outside off, gets a good stride out to drive to the left of mid-off;
58.2;?;Starc to McCullum, no run bouncer rising over off stump, McCullum sways out of the line;
58.1;2;Starc to McCullum, 2 runs fullish on off stump, driven to the left of mid-off;
57.6;?;Hazlewood to Neesham, no run back of a length on off stump, blocked towards mid-off;
57.5;W;Hazlewood to Taylor, OUT short ball does the trick. Was rising over the left shoulder, and Taylor went half-heartedly at the hook. Ball pops up for an easy catch to first slip, and it's gone off the wristband of the glove. Seemed to be a touch too early into the shot;Ross Taylor c Smith b Hazlewood 26 (69m 47b 3x4 0x6) SR: 55.31;
57.4;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run length ball straightening on off stump, and Taylor blocks it back to the bowler, looked quite intent on getting bat in front of pad;
57.3;1;Hazlewood to McCullum, 1 run shortish, fourth-stump line, gets behind it to push into the covers;
57.2;2;Hazlewood to McCullum, 2 runs fullish outside off and McCullum's front foot doesn't really go anywhere as he aims a drive at it. Skews off the outside half of the bat through point;
57.1;?;Hazlewood to McCullum, no run back of a length, angling into the body. Tucked off the hips into the leg side;
56.6;?;Starc to Taylor, no run dug in a couple of feet shorter than the previous ball and Taylor shapes to hook, but it bounces too high for him to go through with the shot;
56.5;?;Starc to Taylor, no run short, attacking the ribs. Gets his feet off the ground and plays late, right under his eyes, to drop it down in front of short leg;
56.4;?;Starc to Taylor, no run wide, very full, jabbed out to point;
56.3;?;Starc to Taylor, no run full on off stump, blocked back to the bowler;
56.2;?;Starc to Taylor, no run length ball, straightens a touch towards middle and off. Plays nice and late to defend towards short leg;
56.1;?;Starc to Taylor, no run length ball on off stump, blocked back to Starc;
55.6;4;Hazlewood to McCullum, FOUR runs short, lots of width, some away movement too, and McCullum throws everything at it, slices it over the slips and finds the third man boundary. Looked like it came off the toe end;
55.5;?;Hazlewood to McCullum, no run wider of the crease, angles it into off stump, fairly full. McCullum defends from the crease into the on side;
55.4;?;Hazlewood to McCullum, no run a bit fuller, defended towards short extra cover;
55.3;?;Hazlewood to McCullum, no run lovely. Back of a length, shifts his line wider, into the corridor, and seams it away to beat McCullum's poke;
55.2;?;Hazlewood to McCullum, no run shortish on off stump, jumps back and across to defend to mid-on;
55.1;1;Hazlewood to Taylor, 1 run fullish on off stump, comes forward for the checked drive to the left of mid-off;
54.6;4;Starc to McCullum, FOUR runs full, too full, just outside off, and McCullum just presents a full face to send it running away between the non-striker and mid-off;
54.5;?;Starc to McCullum, no run short ball rising over off stump. Jumps to ride the bounce and drops it down by his feet;
54.4;1;Starc to Taylor, 1 run length ball swinging into middle stump, clipped away towards long leg;
54.3;?;Starc to Taylor, no run yorker on off stump, blocked to short extra cover;
54.2;4;Starc to Taylor, FOUR runs another one on the fullish side of a good length. Taylor's feet are slow to come forward for the drive, and he ends up slicing it in the air, streakily through point;
54.1;1;Starc to McCullum, 1 run length ball angling away from off stump. Brings him forward to defend, played with soft hands and it rolls down to third man;
53.6;1;Hazlewood to McCullum, 1 run back of a length outside off, gets his feet off the ground and bunts it into the gap between point and short extra cover;
53.5;?;Hazlewood to McCullum, no run length ball on off stump, blocked to mid-off. This one straightened a bit too;
53.4;?;Hazlewood to McCullum, no run a touch wider outside off, left alone;
53.3;?;Hazlewood to McCullum, no run length ball, straightening on off stump. Goes back to work it with the angle, closes the face, and pops it into the off side off the leading edge. Checked himself, and played reasonably close to his body, so it dropped down a short distance away;
53.2;4;Hazlewood to McCullum, FOUR runs short and wide and McCullum loves those. Just crashes it away to the right of backward point, rolling his wrists over at the top of the bounce;
53.1;?;Hazlewood to McCullum, no run full, angling into off stump, driven to mid-off;
52.6;2;Marsh to Taylor, 2 runs length ball outside off, poked away towards third man;
52.5;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run length ball angling in, and there's an appeal for lbw. Nevill tumbled to his left to take it after clipping the outside of his pad. Definitely no bat as far as I can see. Had to play around his front pad, which went a fair way across. Have to see if that was hitting the stumps. Not given, not reviewed. Missing leg comfortably, ball-tracking says;
52.4;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run back of a length, fourth-stump line, defended to short extra cover;
52.3;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run ooh. Swings away in the corridor to beat Taylor's edge by a long way. He was walking into his defensive push there, and was opened up as he came forward;
52.2;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run length ball straightening towards off stump, defended to mid-off;
52.1;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run back of a length, angling into off and middle. Gets on his toes and defends into the leg side;
51.6;?;Lyon to McCullum, no run flighted ball wide of off stump, presses forward to block;
51.5;?;Lyon to McCullum, no run back of a length, turning into off stump, blocked back to the bowler;
51.4;?;Lyon to McCullum, no run length ball, goes on the back foot to defend towards midwicket;
51.3;4;Lyon to McCullum, FOUR runs short and wide, and that's quick feet from McCullum to get back, make room, and slap it away through cover point;
51.2;?;Lyon to McCullum, no run tossed up outside off, and there's dip, turn and bounce to beat the inside edge and hit him on the body. Not the biggest front-foot stride to defend;
51.1;W;Lyon to Williamson, OUT given! Williamson goes for the pull and the ball turns in from outside off to strike him on the upper part of the back thigh. Williamson has reviewed. His back leg was bent, but it still looked a little high, let's see. Impact right on the edge of off stump, and it's clipping the upper edge of the bails. Umpire's call. That's a little unfortunate, I think.;Kane Williamson lbw b Lyon 59 (127m 74b 5x4 0x6) SR: 79.72;
50.6;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run length ball outside off and Taylor pushes at it slightly away from his body, outside edge rolls towards gully;
50.5;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run length ball on off stump, defended to mid-on;
50.4;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run length ball on off stump, presses forward to block into the covers;
50.3;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run length ball straightens outside off. Beats Taylor's forward defensive, but he pulls his bat inside and makes it look like he deliberately played inside the line;
50.2;2;Marsh to Taylor, 2 runs strays onto the pads and Taylor clips it away through square leg;
50.1;3;Marsh to Williamson, 3 runs short ball on off stump, pulled away into the vacant deep square leg area, and they run three by the time Hazlewood runs around from long leg;
49.6;1;Lyon to Williamson, 1 run fuller now, a bit flatter and he gets forward to push gently into the off side;
49.5;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run lovely flight and dip. Was a lot slower than the previous ball as he stretched out to defend, and turned to beat his inside edge and hit his pad. Outside the line of off;
49.4;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run slower flight and he gets nicely forward to clip it to midwicket;
49.3;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run short outside off and he skips back to cut. The turn cramps him a bit and he slaps it into the covers instead;
49.2;1;Lyon to Taylor, 1 run a bit straighter and he goes on the back foot to work it through backward square;
49.1;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run length ball turning into off stump, goes deep in his crease to defend into the on side;
48.6;?;Marsh to Williamson, no run full on middle stump, a bit of away movement again as Williamson looks to jab down on it. Off the outside half of the bat towards gully;
48.5;?;Marsh to Williamson, no run length ball on off stump, defended towards short midwicket;
48.4;?;Marsh to Williamson, no run back of a length outside off, swings away, another good leave;
48.3;?;Marsh to Williamson, no run back of a length, angling into off stump, gets nicely behind it to defend towards mid-on;
48.2;?;Marsh to Williamson, no run fuller now, outside off, left alone;
48.1;?;Marsh to Williamson, no run he always seems to bowl cracking first balls of new spells. Good length on off stump, and Williamson looks to work it with the angle into the leg side. Stuck on the crease as well, and it swung away and popped off the leading edge towards gully;
47.6;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run nice flight and dip on a good length on off stump. Taylor presses forward and defends towards midwicket;
47.5;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run loops this one up on off stump and he gets Taylor forward to drive it back to the bowler;
47.4;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run once again uses the depth of the crease to a ball that's reasonably full. Defends into the off side;
47.3;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run pushed through a bit quicker and he goes back and across to defend in front of off stump;
47.2;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run tossed up wide of off. Takes a big step back and across to turn his wrists and play it with the turn to the man at 45.;
47.1;1;Lyon to Williamson, 1 run length ball turning into middle stump, and he goes on the back foot to work it through backward square leg;
46.6;3;Johnson to Williamson, 3 runs full outside off, and this one's a touch overpitched. Williamson just presents the full face, directs it into the gap to the left of mid-off;
46.5;1;Johnson to Taylor, 1 run fullish outside off, gets forward well to play a checked push into the covers;
46.4;4;Johnson to Taylor, 4 runs full outside off, and this one's definitely full enough to drive through cover, for another all-run four;
46.3;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run short ball, not wide enough to cut, and again some monster bounce. Taylor slashes and misses and Nevill catches it with both arms at full stretch over his head;
46.2;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run full again, slanted wider now, and Taylor goes for the big drive away from his body, bat at a 45-degree angle to the ground, and he's lucky it bounced so much and missed his edge;
46.1;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run length ball, angling across into a fourth-stump line. Good stride forward from Taylor, defends to mid-off;
45.6;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run flighted wider outside off and Williamson reaches out to drive to mid-off;
45.5;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run length ball turning into off and middle. Goes right back to whip to short leg;
45.4;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run back of a length on off stump, defended to mid-off;
45.3;1;Lyon to Taylor, 1 run on off stump now and Taylor plays a hockey-style sweep out to deep backward square leg;
45.2;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run a bit fuller now and he drives to mid-off. Again playing a fair way in front of his body;
45.1;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run flight and dip outside off and Taylor jabs at it while coming forward to defend. Off the inside edge towards midwicket;
44.6;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run full outside off, driven to mid-off;
44.5;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run fullish on off stump, driven to mid-off;
44.4;4;Johnson to Williamson, FOUR runs back of a length on off stump, and he hops back and across and whips it away wide of mid-on. That's a superb shot, rolls all the way to bring up his fifty. Another superb knock to follow up his first-innings hundred;
44.3;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run length ball on off stump, defended to cover point;
44.2;2;Johnson to Williamson, 2 runs back of a length outside off and Williamson gets behind it to punch firmly through cover point;
44.1;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run back of a length on leg stump, uses his wrists to drop it down in front of short leg;
44.1;1w;Johnson to Williamson, 1 wide bouncer, gets up too high for Williamson to hook - that's what he seemed to be shaping to do;
43.6;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run lovely delivery, loops it a bit higher to bring Taylor forward to defend in front of middle and leg. Dips and turns and pops off the inside half of the bat, in the air for a while but well short of short midwicket;
43.5;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run length ball turning into off and middle, goes back and defends to midwicket;
43.4;4;Lyon to Taylor, FOUR runs flighted ball wide of off stump and Taylor goes for the sweep, finds the gap to the left of backward square leg;
43.3;1;Lyon to Williamson, 1 run once again he goes back to whip the length ball, and he flicks that to deep square leg;
43.2;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run length ball on off stump, goes back to whip it into the leg side and Burns fields it on the bounce;
43.1;2;Lyon to Williamson, 2 runs back of a length, leg-sidish, goes on the back foot to work it away through square leg;
42.6;4;Johnson to Taylor, FOUR runs another short ball, takes this from in front of his right shoulder and pulls it to the midwicket boundary;
42.5;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run there's the bouncer, and Taylor takes it on, goes for the hook. Whizzes through quick to beat him;
42.4;1;Johnson to Williamson, 1 run back of a length on leg stump, gets behind it to use his wrists and drop that into the midwicket region;
42.3;1;Johnson to Taylor, 1 run back of a length outside off and he gets back and across to poke it to the left of short cover;
42.2;1;Johnson to Williamson, 1 run short, pulled away to the left of long leg;
42.1;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run back of a length on off stump, defended to mid-off;
41.6;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run oh my. Hard hands from Taylor, pushing far out in front of his body to one that dipped and turned from outside off. Pops up in the air to the left of Lyon, too far from him to get there on the dive, but close enough to prompt an agonised groan;
41.5;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run nice flight again, and Taylor shuffles across his stumps and defends in front of his body without necessarily getting forward;
41.4;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run tossed up outside off, and he goes back and across to push towards mid-off;
41.3;W;Lyon to Guptill, OUT and there's the wicket! Quicker, flatter, and it turned in just a touch. Guptill went back and across to defend, and was done in by the extra pace, was a little late getting across and played marginally down the wrong line. The ball took his outside edge, simple catch to slip;Martin Guptill c Smith b Lyon 23 (186m 133b 0x4 0x6) SR: 17.29;
41.2;1;Lyon to Williamson, 1 run length ball on the pads, tucked away to long leg;
41.1;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run Burns has dropped the ball at short leg and everyone looks a little distraught. There was no inside-edge, though. Went on the back foot and it turned and bounced past his bat and popped up off the thigh pad. Looped up to Burns' left, and he got both hands to it and spilled it;
40.6;?;Marsh to Guptill, no run back of a length, fifth-stump line. Guptill is caught between playing and leaving, and he ends up inadvertently poking it towards the slip cordon while withdrawing his bat away from the line;
40.5;?;Marsh to Guptill, no run full on middle stump, driven to mid-on. There's an appeal from the keeper and the slips. I think they think it hit his boot before it hit his bat. I can confirm it hit his bat and then his boot;
40.4;?;Marsh to Guptill, no run length ball outside off, some away swing again, left alone;
40.3;?;Marsh to Guptill, no run back of a length on middle stump, blocked back to the bowler;
40.2;?;Marsh to Guptill, no run length ball wide of off stump, left alone;
40.1;?;Marsh to Guptill, no run starts with a good ball, full, swinging away from just outside off. Goes for the off-drive and the ball swerves past his edge;
39.6;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run tossed up on middle and leg and he sweeps firmly, but Burns is in the way, gets a painful blow but saves four runs;
39.5;3b;Lyon to Guptill, 3 byes once again sharp turn, and bounce too. Starts too straight and Nevill can't catch this one at shoulder height down the leg side;
39.4;?;Lyon to Guptill, no run Nevill goes up in appeal after taking a smart one down the leg side as Lyon spins one sharply from the stumps. Wasn't close to Guptill's bat, I think, as he shaped to flick;
39.3;1;Lyon to Williamson, 1 run from this angle, Williamson looks happy to go on the back foot to pretty much anything that isn't obviously full. Does that again, gets on top of the bounce to tuck it into the square leg region;
39.2;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run goes deep in his crease again, looking to work it leg side. Short leg does the fielding;
39.1;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run length ball on middle stump, goes back in his crease to tuck it towards short leg;
38.6;2;Starc to Guptill, 2 runs full on off stump, driven through the vacant cover region;
38.5;?;Starc to Guptill, no run length ball on off stump, presses forward and blocks it back down the pitch;
38.4;?;Starc to Guptill, no run bouncer, Guptill ducks under;
38.3;?;Starc to Guptill, no run shortish on off stump, gets on his toes to defend into the extra cover region;
38.2;1;Starc to Williamson, 1 run shortish, targeting the ribs, and he gets back and whips it away to the left of leg gully, down to the man at long leg;
38.1;?;Starc to Williamson, no run short outside off, slapped to point;
37.6;?;Lyon to Guptill, no run fuller, quicker, on middle and leg, defended into the on side;
37.5;?;Lyon to Guptill, no run tosses it up a bit wider now and Guptill leaves it alone;
37.4;1;Lyon to Williamson, 1 run that wasn't short at all, just a length ball turning into him, but he went deep in his crease and pulled it around to long leg;
37.3;1;Lyon to Guptill, 1 run a touch shorter and he goes on the back foot to work it through midwicket;
37.2;?;Lyon to Guptill, no run flighted outside off, Guptill comes forward and defends in front of off stump, bat in front of pad;
37.1;1;Lyon to Williamson, 1 run length ball turning down leg, worked away to fine leg;
36.6;?;Starc to Guptill, no run yorker on off stump, stabbed away to point;
36.5;?;Starc to Guptill, no run back of a length on off stump, blocked to mid-off;
36.4;?;Starc to Guptill, no run banged in even shorter, and Guptill ducks to get under it. He needn't have, because it was headed down the leg side;
36.3;?;Starc to Guptill, no run dug in short on leg stump. Guptill rides the bounce and keeps it down in front of short leg;
36.2;?;Starc to Guptill, no run back of a length on middle and off, blocked back to the bowler;
36.1;?;Starc to Guptill, no run back of a length outside off, and Guptill leaves it through to the keeper;
35.6;4;Lyon to Williamson, FOUR runs tossed up a bit fuller outside off and there's that lap-sweep again. Stretches a long way forward and just helps it fine. Starc chases back from backward square leg, slides, and seems to have touched the ball while his knees made contact with the rope;
35.5;1lb;Lyon to Guptill, 1 leg bye goes on the back foot this time. Similar length, pitched wider of off. Goes nice and deep to work it with the turn towards backward square leg;
35.4;?;Lyon to Guptill, no run big appeal for lbw, Nevill is particularly vociferous. Quick turn from outside off, Guptill is caught on the crease and it struck him in front of middle. He was hurried by that, and had to play around his front pad. Wonder if it was missing leg. Seemed to hit high on the front leg too. Given not out, they've reviewed. Replay from square-on shows he's struck just in front of the crease, and ball-tracking agrees with my suspicion that it was missing leg stump;
35.3;?;Lyon to Guptill, no run quicker and flatter on middle stump, defended to short leg;
35.2;1;Lyon to Williamson, 1 run a little closer to off stump and he stretches out to lap-sweep towards long leg;
35.1;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run that's the best ball Lyon has bowled so far. The line is wider outside off, and he draws Williamson forward with flight. Dips, turns, beats inside edge, hits pad;
34.6;?;Starc to Guptill, no run length ball wide of off, left alone;
34.5;?;Starc to Guptill, no run bouncer, down the leg side again;
34.4;?;Starc to Guptill, no run short, angling down leg, can't connect with the little flick off the hips;
34.3;?;Starc to Guptill, no run fullish on off stump, blocked to mid-off;
34.2;?;Starc to Guptill, no run a liiittle closer to off stump, not close enough to make Guptill play;
34.1;?;Starc to Guptill, no run back of a length, lots of bounce through to the keeper, but too wide to make Guptill play;
33.6;4;Lyon to Williamson, FOUR runs tossed up on off stump and Williamson sweeps it away to the square leg boundary;
33.5;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run this one's wider outside off, a more cuttable ball, turns in sharply so he can't get too much power on it, chopped to backward point;
33.4;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run not short enough to cut, some turn too, and he goes back and chops it to backward point, a little dangerous-looking, that shot;
33.3;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run back of a length, turning in towards middle and leg. Goes deep to pull, can't beat that newly moved fielder;
33.2;1;Lyon to Guptill, 1 run that's a better length, Guptill comes forward to defend, and the ball drops on him, turns in, and runs off the inside edge towards backward square leg;
33.1;1;Lyon to Williamson, 1 run back of a length, turning into middle stump. Goes deep in his crease to work it towards backward square leg;
32.6;?;Starc to Guptill, no run full and wide, and Guptill is suckered into a loose drive for once. Play and miss, he's lucky he didn't edge that. Went at it with an angled bat;
32.5;?;Starc to Guptill, no run fullish, wide of off, left alone;
32.4;?;Starc to Guptill, no run short ball angling away, Guptill ignores it;
32.3;1;Starc to Williamson, 1 run short again, leg-sidish this time, and he pulls it round to deep backward square leg;
32.2;?;Starc to Williamson, no run short again, Williamson gets off his feet again. Wants to cut, but it's a little too high for that, but he's jumped right on top of the bounce, and he rolls his wrists over. Forces backward point to dive to his right to stop it;
32.1;?;Starc to Williamson, no run shortish, angling towards middle and off. Williamson jumps back and across and drops it down with soft hands towards short leg;
31.6;?;Lyon to Guptill, no run good ball. Flights it outside off, achieves dip and turn, and Guptill gets forward to defend in front of middle stump, towards midwicket;
31.5;?;Lyon to Guptill, no run floated up wide of off stump. Guptill looks to drive, flat-bats to mid-off;
31.4;1;Lyon to Williamson, 1 run flat, angling into the pads, goes on the back foot and works it to long leg;
31.3;1;Lyon to Guptill, 1 run flighted outside off, just a touch shorter than ideal, and he goes deep in his crease to tuck it with the turn through backward square leg;
31.2;?;Lyon to Guptill, no run a bit fuller and closer to off stump, clipped to short midwicket;
31.1;?;Lyon to Guptill, no run good start, drops on a good length outside off. Williamson stretches out to defend into the on side;
30.6;?;Starc to Williamson, no run full on off stump, driven firmly but Warner is in the way at that short mid-off position, standing right next to the pitch;
30.5;?;Starc to Williamson, no run fullish close to off stump. Stays on the crease and blocks to short mid-off;
30.4;?;Starc to Williamson, no run shortish outside off, slapped to backward point;
30.3;?;Starc to Williamson, no run similar delivery, normal bounce this time, tucked away to midwicket;
30.2;?;Starc to Williamson, no run shortish, rising awkwardly towards Williamson's ribs. Jumps in the air, inside-edges into his thigh. Loops up to where a short leg might have gobbled it up;
30.1;2;Starc to Williamson, 2 runs wide yorker, reaches out and squeezes it into the covers;
29.6;?;Hazlewood to Guptill, no run length ball on off stump, blocked back to the bowler;
29.5;?;Hazlewood to Guptill, no run length ball angling into off stump, blocked back to the bowler;
29.4;?;Hazlewood to Guptill, no run short, a long way outside off, makes no effort to play;
29.3;?;Hazlewood to Guptill, no run back of a length outside off, left alone;
29.2;?;Hazlewood to Guptill, no run length ball on off stump, punched off the front foot to mid-off;
29.1;3;Hazlewood to Williamson, 3 runs full outside off, gets forward to drive through cover again;
28.6;3;Johnson to Williamson, 3 runs length ball angling into off stump. Williamson defends nice and late, and the ball runs away wide of third slip;
28.5;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run back of a length, fourth-stump line, blocked into the covers;
28.4;4;Johnson to Williamson, FOUR runs shortish, gives him width too, and Williamson is quickly on the back foot to cut it away to the point boundary. Unlike a lot of modern batsmen who just stand there and slap it, Williamson truly gets his back foot going across and deep in his crease;
28.3;4;Johnson to Williamson, 4 runs full outside off and Williamson gets his weight moving forward, into the line of the ball, to drive crisply to the right of cover point. Another all-run four;
28.2;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run back of a length close to off stump, gets on his toes to defend into the covers;
28.1;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run full on off stump, blocked to mid-off;

Starc, left-arm over
 Innings Start