Data
Impressive work from Australia. Lee was outstanding and found enough support from his team-mates to restrict India. Join us in a while for the run chase.
44.3;W;Hussey to Nehra, OUT short ball on the off stump. Nehra moves back a touch and pulls it to deep midwicket, straight into the hands of a waiting Krejza. So the innings comes to an end. Positive from the innings for India being the way tail rallied around;Ashish Nehra c Krejza b Hussey 19 (21m 24b 3x4 0x6) SR: 79.16;
44.2;?;Hussey to Nehra, no run full-toss on the middle stump. Nehra defends it back to the bowler;
44.1;1;Hussey to Ashwin, 1 run outside the off stump. Nehra moves across and pushes it to the leg side for a single;
43.6;?;Johnson to Nehra, no run yorker on the middle stump. Ashwin comes forward and defends it back to the bowler;
43.5;?;Johnson to Nehra, no run comes forward and drives it to cover;
43.4;?;Johnson to Nehra, no run good length ball outside the off stump. Nehra looks to defend it and the ball beats the outside edge;
43.3;4;Johnson to Nehra, FOUR runs on the leg stump. Nehra flicks it away to fine-leg for another boundary;
43.2;4;Johnson to Nehra, FOUR runs full-toss outside the off stump. Nehra opens the face of the bat and steers it past the third-man fielder for a boundary;
43.1;?;Johnson to Nehra, no run good length ball outside the off stump. Nehra chases it and the ball beats the outside edge by a whisker;
43.1;1w;Johnson to Nehra, 1 wide wide outside the off stump. Johnson is to still set his radar to a good line;
42.6;?;Hussey to Ashwin, no run short outside the off stump. Ashwin makes room and looks to cut it away. He is beaten by the turn and throws his head back in frustration;
42.5;1;Hussey to Nehra, 1 run comes forward and drives it to cover for a single;
42.4;?;Hussey to Nehra, no run defends it off the backfoot;
42.3;1;Hussey to Ashwin, 1 run flighted ball on the off stump. Ashwin comes down the track and drives it to extra-cover for a single;
42.2;?;Hussey to Ashwin, no run comes forward and defends it;
42.1;1;Hussey to Nehra, 1 run pushes it to short fine-leg for a single;
35.6;?;Bollinger to Ashwin, no run full and angling away, beaten on the drive;
35.5;?;Bollinger to Ashwin, no run around the off stump line, defended to cover;
35.4;1;Bollinger to Pathan, 1 run stays back to tap this to the on side;
35.3;1;Bollinger to Ashwin, 1 run just outside the off stump, pushed through to sweeper cover;
35.2;?;Bollinger to Ashwin, no run slightly slower, full in length around off, defended on the front foot;
35.1;?;Bollinger to Ashwin, no run in the channel outside off, goes for the cut but the ball bounces over the bat;
34.6;?;Johnson to Pathan, no run stays back to steer this to point;
34.5;1;Johnson to Ashwin, 1 run on the middle and leg, dabbed to square-leg;
34.4;?;Johnson to Ashwin, no run in the zone outside off, slower and it rolls through to the keeper;
34.3;4;Johnson to Ashwin, FOUR runs full delivery, on the middle, Ashwin whips it through midwicket to collect a boundary;
34.2;1;Johnson to Pathan, 1 run dropped by Watson at first slip. It was full and outside off, Yusuf went for the big swing over the off side and it flew to right of Watto who clangs it;
34.1;?;Johnson to Pathan, no run in the zone outside off, Yusuf has a waft at it and the ball flies through to the keeper. Some extra bounce there;
41.6;1;Lee to Nehra, 1 run fends a short ball to fine-leg for a single;
41.5;?;Lee to Nehra, no run comes well forward and defends it to the leg side;
41.5;1w;Lee to Nehra, 1 wide down the leg side and Nehra lets it pass as the 200 of the team comes up;
41.4;1;Lee to Ashwin, 1 run pushes it to the leg side;
41.3;1;Lee to Nehra, 1 run now this is anti-climax as Nehra drives a fuller ball to mid-off. He runs and the bat gets stuck just before the crease at the bowler's end. His foot seemed to be in the air when the ball hit the stumps. But the replays are not conclusive enough to say that he is out and he stays in the middle;
41.2;?;Lee to Nehra, no run comes forward and looks to defend it. Nehra is beaten by the movement in and beats the outside edge as it settles in the keeper;
41.1;1;Lee to Ashwin, 1 run Ashwin is making room as Lee is about to bowl. Lee follows him and pitches it short, in fact he follows. Ashwin gets on top of the bounce and steers it to third-man for a single;
40.6;?;Hussey to Nehra, no run good length ball on the middle stump. Nehra comes forward and defends it to midwicket;
40.5;1;Hussey to Ashwin, 1 run on the leg stump. Ashwin turns it to midwicket for a single;
40.4;?;Hussey to Ashwin, no run comes forward and pushes it back to the bowler;
40.3;1;Hussey to Nehra, 1 run sweeps it to fine-leg for a single;
40.2;1;Hussey to Ashwin, 1 run comes forward and drives it to long-on for a single;
40.1;1;Hussey to Nehra, 1 run on the leg stump. Nehra looks to sweep it and gets an edge to short fine-leg for a single;
33.6;?;Bollinger to Ashwin, no run leans forward to defend to the off;
33.5;?;Bollinger to Ashwin, no run full in length, driven back to the bowler, who has a shy back at the other end. It bounces short of Ashwin, who moves away in time and then smiles. The crowd roar.;
33.4;?;Bollinger to Ashwin, no run around the off stump line, short in length, chopped to point;
33.3;4;Bollinger to Ashwin, FOUR runs They find some voice now as Ashwin on drives a full toss to right of mid-on;
33.2;?;Bollinger to Ashwin, no run full in length around off, pushed back to the bowler;
33.1;?;Bollinger to Ashwin, no run short in length around off, defended to the off side;
32.6;?;Johnson to Pathan, no run another slower bouncer, on the leg stump line this time and Yusuf ducks;
32.5;1;Johnson to Ashwin, 1 run stays back to work this slower bouncer to the on side;
32.4;1;Johnson to Pathan, 1 run back of length outside off, bottom edges the cut behind the stumps;
32.3;?;Johnson to Pathan, no run on the off and middle, defended to the off;
32.2;1;Johnson to Ashwin, 1 run full delivery well outside off, Ashwin reaches out to square drive to sweeper cover;
32.1;?;Johnson to Ashwin, no run cuts away from Ashwin who defends to the off side;
31.6;1lb;Lee to Ashwin, 1 leg bye fullish, rolls off the pads;
31.5;1;Lee to Pathan, 1 run banged in short, the slower bouncer, and Yusuf top edges the pull straight to deep midwicket fielder who "catches" it. Shane Watson is the man there.;
31.5;2nb;Lee to Ashwin, (no ball) 1 run stays back to push the short-of-length delivery to cover point;
31.4;?;Lee to Ashwin, no run full in length, defended to the bowler;
31.3;?;Lee to Ashwin, no run full delivery, dug out to cover;
31.2;?;Lee to Ashwin, no run But first the yorker of course. Ashwin tries to dig it and the ball rolls to the left of Tim Paine who makes a half-stop. Yusuf wanted the run and Paine's throw comes to Lee who doesn't collect cleanly. had he done so, he could have run Yusuf out;
31.1;?;Lee to Ashwin, no run the bouncer on the middle stump line, sharp and well-directed, Ashwin manages to fend it to the on side. The way he played it, I won't be surprised if he gets another bouncer.;
30.6;1;Krejza to Ashwin, 1 run;
30.5;?;Krejza to Ashwin, no run leans forward to defend and it rolls away to short-leg;
30.4;1;Krejza to Pathan, 1 run moves well back to defend to the on side;
30.3;1;Krejza to Ashwin, 1 run moves down the track and dabs this to square-leg. Jason shortened the length there;
30.2;1;Krejza to Pathan, 1 run reaches forward and drags this to long-o;
30.1;?;Krejza to Pathan, no run leans forward to dab to backward point;
30.1;1w;Krejza to Pathan, 1 wide turns down the leg side, misses the flick;
29.6;?;Lee to Ashwin, no run full in length outside off, pushed to mid-off;
29.5;W;Lee to Chawla, OUT from round the stumps, full delivery just outside the off stump. Piyush goes for the off drive and edges it on to his stumps.;Piyush Chawla b Lee 0 (9m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
29.4;1;Lee to Pathan, 1 run kicks up from short of length outside off, run down to third man;
29.3;?;Lee to Pathan, no run another bouncer, Yusuf ducks;
29.2;?;Lee to Pathan, no run dropped by Tim Paine Simple chance. It was a short of length delivery outside off, Yusuf edges the cut and it went straight to Paine who drops it. Absolute Clanger!;
29.1;?;Lee to Pathan, no run;
28.6;?;Krejza to Chawla, no run breaks away from the off stump, chops it to backward point;
28.5;?;Krejza to Chawla, no run on the middle stump line, straightens this time, defended to the on side;
28.4;?;Krejza to Chawla, no run beaten again! It landed on the middle stump from round the stumps and turned away past the attempted prod;
28.3;?;Krejza to Chawla, no run lovely off break from round the stumps. It came in and broke away, past the outside edge. Chawla was looking to defend;
28.2;1;Krejza to Pathan, 1 run leans forward to heave this to long-on;
28.1;?;Krejza to Pathan, no run gets forward to work it the on side and ends up dabbing it to the off;
27.6;?;Lee to Chawla, no run well outside the off stump, left alone;
27.5;W;Lee to Harbhajan, OUT Castled! Full and straight. It was full and fast and Harbhajan played all around it. Clatter!;Harbhajan Singh b Lee 4 (2m 2b 1x4 0x6) SR: 200;
27.4;4;Lee to Harbhajan, FOUR runs short in length and just outside off, Harbhajan tries to swat it to midwicket and it runs of the inside edge to fine-leg boundary;
27.3;W;Lee to Raina, OUT strikes right away with the change of angle to round the stumps. Lee has been very impressive today and picks up his first wicket now. It landed full in length outside off and seamed away. Raina reached out for his on-the-up cover drive but got a thick edge.;Suresh Raina c ?Paine b Lee 12 (28m 16b 1x4 0x6) SR: 75;
27.2;?;Lee to Raina, no run full in length around off, pushed to the off;
27.1;?;Lee to Raina, no run full in length and in the zone outside off, Raina is late in getting forward and is beaten on the drive;
26.6;1;Krejza to Raina, 1 run outside the off stump, steered through to deep point;
26.5;1;Krejza to Pathan, 1 run gets back to clip it to through backward square-leg;
26.4;1;Krejza to Raina, 1 run moves down the track and tries to whip it to the on side but is beaten in flight and gets a leading edge towards mid-off;
26.3;4;Krejza to Raina, FOUR runs on the leg stump line and Raina gets down on his knee to sweep it to the fine-leg boundary;
26.2;1;Krejza to Pathan, 1 run reaches well outside off and paddles it to fine-leg region;
26.1;1;Krejza to Raina, 1 run moves ahead to push it to mid-off for a quick single;
25.6;?;Lee to Pathan, no run kicks up from short of length, on the middle and leg, Yusuf dabs it to the on side;
25.5;?;Lee to Pathan, no run stays back to defend this to mid-off region;
25.4;?;Lee to Pathan, no run jumps from short of length, Yusuf is hurried by the pace and edges it to his body;
25.3;1;Lee to Raina, 1 run full delivery but Raina stays back, and inside edges the push-drive to square-leg;
25.2;?;Lee to Raina, no run fullish delivery around off, driven to mid-off;
25.1;?;Lee to Raina, no run angles it well away from Raina, who chases it and is beaten;
24.6;1;Krejza to Raina, 1 run drifts to the pads, from round the stumps, Suresh goes back to play the leg glance;
24.5;1;Krejza to Pathan, 1 run gets well back to steer it to point;
24.4;?;Krejza to Pathan, no run gets well back to push it to square-leg;
24.3;?;Krejza to Pathan, no run goes for the sweep shot but doesn't connect properly;
24.2;2;Krejza to Pathan, 2 runs leans across, fetches it from outside off and paddles it to fine-leg region;
24.1;?;Krejza to Pathan, no run leans forward to work this to midwicket;
23.6;1;Lee to Pathan, 1 run stays back to run this back-of-length delivery around off to right of third man;
23.6;1w;Lee to Pathan, 1 wide The slow bouncer this time but it slips down leg;
23.5;?;Lee to Pathan, no run Lovely sharp bouncer from Lee and Yusuf is in trouble. He arches back, takes out the bottom-hand off the handle and manages to fend it to the off. Lee smiles;
23.4;1;Lee to Raina, 1 run banged in short of length, Raina goes back to work it behind square-leg;
23.3;1;Lee to Pathan, 1 run taps this towards square-leg for a single;
23.2;?;Lee to Pathan, no run full in length, around the off stump, Yusuf gets forward to defend;
23.1;1;Lee to Raina, 1 run full in length, around off, Raina punches it sweetly but straight to deep cover;
22.6;W;Krejza to Sehwag, OUT And he won't bat 50 overs today! He went for the cut but this was slightly slower and he ended up playing the shot a tad too early. He gets the edge and the ball rolls to the stumps.;Virender Sehwag b Krejza 54 (114m 56b 8x4 1x6) SR: 96.42;
22.5;6;Krejza to Sehwag, SIX runs Wallop! It was a well tossed up delivery outside off, on a good length, and Sehwag stretched forward to send it to the screaming fans over long-off. 50 up as well.;
22.4;1;Krejza to Raina, 1 run gets forward to steer it to left of backward point;
22.3;1;Krejza to Sehwag, 1 run turns in to the middle stump line, cut away to right of backward point where Hastings makes a diving stop;
22.2;?;Krejza to Sehwag, no run full delivery outside off but Sehwag goes for the cut and is beaten;
22.1;2;Krejza to Sehwag, 2 runs clips this to deep backward square-leg region for couple of runs;
21.6;?;Hastings to Raina, no run works this to midwicket;
21.5;?;Hastings to Raina, no run short in length, on the pads, rolls away to the leg side;
21.5;1w;Hastings to Raina, 1 wide Another bouncer but this one is too high and hence wide.;
21.5;1w;Hastings to Raina, 1 wide goes for the bouncer right away but slips it down the leg side;
21.4;W;Hastings to Dhoni, OUT Dragged on! It tilted in after landing on a good length outside off, Dhoni took a step forward and then had a weak waft at it. He stabbed it off the inner edge. Clatter!;MS Dhoni b Hastings 11 (31m 24b 1x4 0x6) SR: 45.83;
21.3;?;Hastings to Dhoni, no run gets forward to defend to the off side;
21.2;?;Hastings to Dhoni, no run full delivery, slower outside off, Dhoni edges the attempted off drive to left of Tim paine, the keeper;
21.1;?;Hastings to Dhoni, no run goes down the track, the ball isn't quite there for the big hit and he ends up pushing it back down the track;
20.6;1;Krejza to Dhoni, 1 run fetches it from outside off and paddles it around the corner for a single;
20.5;1;Krejza to Sehwag, 1 run gets forward to push to left of cover for a single. 100 up;
20.4;1;Krejza to Dhoni, 1 run shuffles right across and works it to deep square-leg region . Sehwag wanted the second but is sent back and gets back in time.;
20.3;?;Krejza to Dhoni, no run outside off again, pushed back to the bowler;
20.2;?;Krejza to Dhoni, no run well outside off, Dhoni shuffles right across and tries to dab it to the on side for a single! Doesn't quite connect well;
20.2;1w;Krejza to Dhoni, 1 wide pushes this wide outside off stump;
20.1;1;Krejza to Sehwag, 1 run serves a full toss outside off but escapes the punishment. Sehwag hit it hard but straight to sweeper cover;
19.6;?;Hastings to Dhoni, no run in the channel outside off, left alone;
19.5;?;Hastings to Dhoni, no run gets back again and punches this to backward point;
19.4;4;Hastings to Dhoni, FOUR runs It was a good length delivery outside off, Dhoni shifted his weight back and punched it on the up and through extra cover;
19.3;?;Hastings to Dhoni, no run gets forward and pushes it towards Sehwag, the bowler intercepts;
19.2;1;Hastings to Sehwag, 1 run full in length, goes for the off drive but the inward movement meant the ball ran away to the square-leg region;
19.1;?;Hastings to Sehwag, no run full delivery, attempted yorker, pushed back to the bowler;
18.6;?;Krejza to Dhoni, no run gets back to push it back to the bowler;
18.5;1;Krejza to Sehwag, 1 run works this behind square-leg for a single;
18.4;?;Krejza to Sehwag, no run goes for the pull but is too early with the shot and it hit the toe end of the bat and rolls away to midwicket;
18.3;4;Krejza to Sehwag, FOUR runs Skillful! It turned in to the middle line, from short of length and that allows Sehwag to rock back, wait, open the bat-face and steer it through vacant slips;
18.2;?;Krejza to Sehwag, no run turns from outside off, cut to backward point;
18.1;4;Krejza to Sehwag, FOUR runs tossed up outside off stump, on a good length, Sehwag reaches out to square drive it to the boundary. He whip lashed it.;
17.6;?;Hastings to Dhoni, no run full in length, on the off stump line, defended to the off;
17.5;1;Hastings to Sehwag, 1 run fullish, just outside off, lofted towards deep cover;
17.4;4;Hastings to Sehwag, FOUR runs full in length and outside off, sehwag goes for the big slash over point and it flies through the vacant slip region;
17.4;1w;Hastings to Sehwag, 1 wide high bouncer this time and it flies over Sehwag;
17.3;?;Hastings to Sehwag, no run bouncer on the middle and off line, sehwag sways away from the line of trouble;
17.2;1;Hastings to Dhoni, 1 run gets back, tries to dab it to the on side and it rolls away off the thigh pad to the off side;
17.1;1;Hastings to Sehwag, 1 run clears the front foot and heaves it over the on side but ends up dragging it towards deep midwicket. He was looking at wide long-on;
16.6;?;Johnson to Dhoni, no run full in length on the middle and off, Dhoni goes back and across to defend;
16.5;1;Johnson to Sehwag, 1 run goes back to punch it on the up and to left of sweeper cover;
16.4;?;Johnson to Sehwag, no run from a round-armish action, full in length around off, driven to cover;
16.4;5w;Johnson to Sehwag, 5 wide bangs it in short but sprays it well down the leg side. Tim Paine dives and gets some hand on it but is unable to stop it;
16.3;1;Johnson to Dhoni, 1 run short in length, on the middle and off, Dhoni retreats well back inside the crease, tapped the ball to the leg side and rushed across;
16.2;?;Johnson to Dhoni, no run angles it away from the batsman who lets it go;
16.1;2;Johnson to Dhoni, 2 runs walks down the track and shuffles towards the off and works the full-length delivery from the middle line past square-leg;
15.6;?;Hastings to Sehwag, no run slower one, full in length, steered to backward point. More confusion between the two batsmen. Dhoni was half-way down the track and he had to turn back. The throw missed the stumps at the non-striker's end.;
15.5;?;Hastings to Sehwag, no run banged in short but it doesn't climb all that much. Sehwag ducked and the ball bounced before the keeper;
15.4;1;Hastings to Dhoni, 1 run goes back and across to punch it to left of backward point. Some confusion but they get across in time.;
15.3;?;Hastings to Dhoni, no run he works to the on side but plays around it. It hits him high on the pad and would have probably gone over the leg stump;
15.2;1;Hastings to Sehwag, 1 run tilts in towards the middle stump, run down to third man;
15.1;?;Hastings to Sehwag, no run short in length and well outside off, Sehwag would reckon he missed out on an opportunity to pick up a boundary there. He cut but straight to point;
14.6;?;Johnson to Dhoni, no run full in length and Dhoni, again, goes back and ends up stabbing it down the track;
14.5;?;Johnson to Dhoni, no run stays back and is beaten by a full delivery that cuts away. Not the length to go back but Dhoni did and landed himself in trouble;
14.4;?;Johnson to Dhoni, no run full in length, cuts away, Dhoni squeezes it to backward point;
14.3;W;Johnson to Yuvraj, OUT The bouncer does the trick. Yuvraj got in to an awful tangle. It was around the middle stump line, Yuvraj first tried to duck, then sway and then tried to sort of play a weak upper cut, a dab.. and only manages to feather an edge.;Yuvraj Singh c ?Paine b Johnson 1 (14m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 14.28;
14.2;?;Johnson to Yuvraj, no run gets forward to drive to cover;
14.1;?;Johnson to Yuvraj, no run crouches to defend to the on side;
14.1;1w;Johnson to Yuvraj, 1 wide sprays this down the leg side for a wide;
13.6;?;Krejza to Sehwag, no run fuller, outside off, Sehwag cuts to point;
13.5;?;Krejza to Sehwag, no run again gets outside leg and cuts the ball turning in to the leg stump line to the off side;
13.4;?;Krejza to Sehwag, no run turns in, to the leg stump line, Sehwag backs away further outside leg and pushes it to the off;
13.3;4;Krejza to Sehwag, FOUR runs rocks back to cut this past backward point. Crack!;
13.2;?;Krejza to Sehwag, no run quicker, shorter and some extra bounce outside off, Sehwag goes for the cut but can't connect;
13.1;?;Krejza to Sehwag, no run goes back and swats it to midwicket;
12.6;?;Johnson to Yuvraj, no run good length ball outside the off-stump. Yuvraj shoulders arms and lets it pass to the keeper;
12.5;1;Johnson to Sehwag, 1 run short of a good length ball outside the off stump. Sehwag looks to cut and gets a bottom edge to third-man for a single;
12.4;?;Johnson to Sehwag, no run wide down the leg side;
12.3;?;Johnson to Sehwag, no run short outside the off stump. Sehwag goes for the normally productive cut shot of his and is beaten by the late movement;
12.2;1;Johnson to Yuvraj, 1 run good length ball on the middle stump. Yuvraj comes forward and closes the face of the bat as he pushes it to leg side;
12.1;1;Johnson to Sehwag, 1 run good length ball outside the off stump. Sehwag comes forward and drives it to cover for a single;
12.1;1w;Johnson to Sehwag, 1 wide and that's the erratic Johnson that the world has come to know from the past couple of years. He sprays a ball wide of the off stump;
11.6;?;Hastings to Yuvraj, no run short ball on the middle stump. Yuvraj is slow in sighting it but eventually gets on top of the bounce and defends it back onto the pitch;
11.5;?;Hastings to Yuvraj, no run outside the off stump. Yuvraj moves across and defends it back onto the pitch;
11.4;W;Hastings to Kohli, OUT and that's the second wicket! Kohli comes forward and drives it to point. Hussey at point just has to crouch a little and take it with the fingers pointing towards the sky. Enter Yuvraj then;Virat Kohli c Hussey b Hastings 21 (42m 33b 3x4 0x6) SR: 63.63;
11.3;1;Hastings to Sehwag, 1 run good length ball and width outside the off stump. Sehwag comes forward and steers it to third-man for a single;
11.2;?;Hastings to Sehwag, no run good length ball outside the off stump. Sehwag looks to drive it and the inward movement beats him fair and square;
11.1;?;Hastings to Sehwag, no run fuller on the off stump. Sehwag comes forward and drives it back to the bowler;
10.6;2;Johnson to Kohli, 2 runs outside the off stump. Kohli comes forward and goes for the same shot. It could have been a catch had the third slip been there but more importantly a misfield at third-man allows them a couple;
10.5;?;Johnson to Kohli, no run and that's a loose shot as Kohli looks to cut it away and the bounce does him in. Lucky that he did not get any part of the bat on it;
10.4;?;Johnson to Kohli, no run fuller outside the off stump. Kohli comes forward and drives it to mid-off;
10.3;?;Johnson to Kohli, no run fuller on the middle and leg. Kohli comes forward and chops it to midwicket;
10.2;?;Johnson to Kohli, no run good length ball outside the off stump. Kohli comes forward and defends it with the straightest of bats;
10.1;?;Johnson to Kohli, no run good length ball on the middle stump. Kohli comes forward and closes the face of the bat as he pushes it to square-leg and wants a single. Sehwag doesn't;
9.6;4;Hastings to Sehwag, FOUR runs leans well forward and flays this high over covers!;
9.6;1w;Hastings to Sehwag, 1 wide;
9.5;?;Hastings to Sehwag, no run length delivery that moved in, Sehwag goes for the drive, missed and was hit on the pad;
9.4;1;Hastings to Kohli, 1 run leans well forward to clip it past square-leg;
9.3;?;Hastings to Kohli, no run leans across to go for the cover drive but misses it completely;
9.2;?;Hastings to Kohli, no run leaned across to guide to left of backward point. again some confusion between the two and they don't take up the run;
9.1;?;Hastings to Kohli, no run gentle good-length delivery outside off, squeezed out to point;
8.6;?;Johnson to Sehwag, no run shifts his weight back and cuts but its intercepted at point;
8.6;1w;Johnson to Sehwag, 1 wide Sehwag starts to shuffle towards off and Mitch ends up pushing it down the leg side.;
8.5;1;Johnson to Kohli, 1 run short in length on the middle stump line, wristed down to fine-leg;
8.4;1;Johnson to Sehwag, 1 run short in length, on the off and middle line, clipped wide of midwicket. Sehwag wants the second run, Virat doesn't.;
8.4;1w;Johnson to Sehwag, 1 wide sprays this well outside off. Wide.;
8.3;?;Johnson to Sehwag, no run sharp bouncer on the middle and leg, perfect line to bowl at Sehwag who likes to stay beside the line. This one is at the body; he hops. gets the bottom-hand of the handle and manages to drop the ball close on the leg side.;
8.2;1;Johnson to Kohli, 1 run runs this down to third man for a single.;
8.1;?;Johnson to Kohli, no run That typical Mitch delivery: Full and outside off, left alone;
7.6;?;Bollinger to Sehwag, no run full in length, Sehwag pushes it to the on side of the pitch;
7.5;4;Bollinger to Sehwag, FOUR runs The short one just outside off, Sehwag arches back, stays adjacent to the line and goes for the upper cut but gets a fat edge over the keeper;
7.4;1;Bollinger to Kohli, 1 run leans across to push it to the onside. The bat-handle rotates at point of impact and rolls away of the inner half of the bat;
7.3;4;Bollinger to Kohli, FOUR runs leans forward to drive it past Sehwag. It was full and just outside off. Virat leaned well forward to drive it;
7.2;?;Bollinger to Kohli, no run fuller and Virat pushes it towards backward point. Sehwag wants a run and has to rush back to get inside the crease.. David hussey with the throw and Sehwag just about gets back in time. Kohli was ball-watching and didn't respond to Sehwag's call;
7.1;?;Bollinger to Kohli, no run stays back to defend this to the on side;
6.6;?;Lee to Sehwag, no run full in length around off, Sehwag looks to drive on the up but perhaps went too hard at this and ended up mistiming it past the bowler.;
6.5;?;Lee to Sehwag, no run the bouncer and Sehwag ducks;
6.4;?;Lee to Sehwag, no run straightens outside off, edges the defensive push to backward point;
6.4;1w;Lee to Sehwag, 1 wide slips a wide down the leg side;
6.3;?;Lee to Sehwag, no run Sehwag went back early, Lee hurled it really full and Sehwag was not in great position in the end to make use of it. He drove it to mid-off. Perhaps, he was expecting a short delivery;
6.2;4;Lee to Sehwag, FOUR runs Top shot! It was a good-length delivery just outside off and Sehwag knived on the up and through extra cover.;
6.1;?;Lee to Sehwag, no run full in length around the off stump line, pushed back to Lee;
5.6;1;Bollinger to Sehwag, 1 run stays adjacent to the line and chops a back-of-length delivery on the off stump line to third man;
5.5;?;Bollinger to Sehwag, no run full delivery, edges the off drive to backward point;
5.4;1;Bollinger to Kohli, 1 run brings Sehwag to strike with a push to mid-off. Crowd roar. Sehwag on strike;
5.3;?;Bollinger to Kohli, no run loud appeal for lbw .. It landed full in length just outside the leg stump and tilted in towards middle and leg. Kohli played around it and it hit him high as well;
5.2;4;Bollinger to Kohli, FOUR runs fullish, on the middle and leg line and Virat clips it between square-leg and midwicket;
5.1;?;Bollinger to Kohli, no run the bouncer outside off - tennis-ball bounce, and Virat just about withdraws his bat away from the line of fire;
4.6;1;Lee to Kohli, 1 run takes a single, with a push to the off side. Sehwag will again remain off strike!;
4.5;?;Lee to Kohli, no run run out of Sehwag missed. It was pushed to right of mid-off where Ponting got to the ball and fired the throw at the non-striker's end but he missed. Sehwag had set off for the run and had given up. He waited and hoped that the ball won't hit the stumps;
4.4;?;Lee to Kohli, no run lets this one fly away to the keeper;
4.3;4;Lee to Kohli, FOUR runs Fab cover drive. He leaned forward, opened the bat-face and punched on the up. He punched it through cover point;
4.3;1w;Lee to Kohli, 1 wide flies down the leg side. Lee appeals for a catch, the ump says wide. It seems to have brushed the thigh pad. There was some noise.;
4.2;?;Lee to Kohli, no run in the channel outside off, left alone again;
4.1;?;Lee to Kohli, no run lands on a full length outside off and curves away, left alone;
3.6;1;Bollinger to Kohli, 1 run Three slips in place. Full in length outside off, Virat ends up inside edging the attempted off drive. Too much bottom hand on that. The ball rolls away to the on side;
3.5;?;Bollinger to Kohli, no run full in length and outside off stump, Virat gets forward, covers the off stump and shoulders arms;
3.4;?;Bollinger to Kohli, no run in the zone outside the off stump and the keeper collects;
3.3;?;Bollinger to Kohli, no run angling away from Virat who shoulders arms;
3.3;1w;Bollinger to Kohli, 1 wide moves down the leg side for a wide;
3.2;?;Bollinger to Kohli, no run full in length, lands around the off stump and angles away, Virat is beaten, pushing inside the line;
3.1;W;Bollinger to Gambhir, OUT Gambhir never looked in touch there and he is gone now. It landed on a good length, perhaps just back of the length, Gambhir was initially looking to get forward, then tried to press back. Too late. He ended up stabbing at it. Edge and gone!;Gautam Gambhir c White b Bollinger 6 (14m 15b 1x4 0x6) SR: 40;
2.6;1;Lee to Gambhir, 1 run on the middle stump line, tapped to the on side, around the corner, for a single;
2.5;?;Lee to Gambhir, no run in the zone outside off stump, left alone.;
2.4;?;Lee to Gambhir, no run stays back to defend this length delivery towards point. Lee has been impressive so far.;
2.3;?;Lee to Gambhir, no run lands on a length and just about straightens outside off, Gambhir shoulders arms;
2.2;4;Lee to Gambhir, FOUR runs width on offer. It was full and a touch wide outside off and Gambhir lashes at it; he unfurls the cover drive to pick a boundary;
2.1;?;Lee to Gambhir, no run full in length around the off stump, Gambhir is a touch late in getting forward and pushes it towards mid-off;
1.6;?;Bollinger to Sehwag, no run good delivery; it swings in to the middle stump line, full in length, Sehwag pushes it out to the off side;
1.5;1;Bollinger to Gambhir, 1 run fuller, on the middle and leg, Gambhir edges the on drive to fine-leg region;
1.4;?;Bollinger to Gambhir, no run just outside the off stump and Gambhir searches for it, bat away from the body and taps the ball to the off. He is yet to settle in.;
1.4;1w;Bollinger to Gambhir, 1 wide full and moving down the leg side. Wide.;
1.3;1lb;Bollinger to Sehwag, 1 leg bye on the hips, rolls away to short fine-leg region;
1.2;?;Bollinger to Sehwag, no run gets back to defend a good-length delivery to the off side of the pitch;
1.1;4;Bollinger to Sehwag, FOUR runs No violence, just a calm steer through extra cover. It was a full toss, bit of in swing there but on the off stump line and Sehwag opened the bat-face and guided it through the gap;
0.6;?;Lee to Gambhir, no run Fine over this. This one angles away from Gambhir who is beaten on the off drive.;
0.5;?;Lee to Gambhir, no run on the leg and middle line and this one straightens, Gambhir probably thought this also would bend back and shaped to work to the on side. But the straightening meant he got a leading edge to covers;
0.4;?;Lee to Gambhir, no run swings in full and Gambhir flicks it to short fine-leg fielder;
0.3;?;Lee to Gambhir, no run in the zone outside off stump and Gambhir, stuck to the crease, stumbled out in the end and had a lazy waft. The ball rushes past the edge;
0.2;?;Lee to Gambhir, no run almost run out! Lovely delivery, It landed on a full length around off and middle and moved in. The ball rolled off the pad down the track and Gambhir set off without realising where the ball went. Lee charged down the track and kicked the ball towards the stumps but missed. Had he hit, Gambhir would have been a goner;
0.1;?;Lee to Gambhir, no run Hint of inswing there. It curved in around the off stump, fullish, driven out to mid-off;

Hello there. Welcome to the warm-up game between India v Australia . It is an inconsequential game as far as the result goes, but there are some points of interest in the contest, says Sid R. Click here to read what's at stake
Hazy news filtering in from the arena. It appears all 15 players can be used, with 11 batting and 11 fielding. So different mix can be used and you can test everyone out.
India have won the toss and chosen to bat.
Pretty good crowd for a warm-up. The stadium is slowly filling up. It's a sell-out apparently. Awesomeo!
The Australian fielders get out there. Huge cheers. And they are now joined by Sehwag and Gambhir.
Tendulkar and Zaheer Khan are not playing today.
 Innings Start
Lee was impressive with the ball as Australia restricted India to 214. Australia reached 118 for 1 at one stage but collapsed in a stunning fashion. Very iffy batting technique against the turning ball and some questionable shot selections derailed their chase. Piyush Chawla has bowled like a dream and found support in Harbhajan and Ashwin to take down Australia in this warm-up game.
Piyush Chawla: "It's a great feeling. When I started to bowl in the first Powerplay, the ball was turning and I knew if I bowled well, there was something for the spinners here. The way Watson was batting .. it was a good catch for me and the team. The wicket of Ferguson was most satisfying. I had gully and slips and I was mixing things up. My place in the eleven will depend on things. We have quite a few good spinners. If the pitch is slow and helps spinners, I will have a good chance to make it."
Hang on for the quotes from the post-match ceremony. Check out our new iPhone app .
Ponting: "It was hard to bat on right through the day. It spun a lot in the second innings. Hopefully as the tournament goes on, we will get better wickets than this one. This one looked a bit under prepared. We know that as the tournament goes on, we could get wickets like thisl we will have to find a way to do well. It was nice to spend time in the middle. I had a 3-4 training sessions before this game and it was nice to spend time there."
Dhoni: "It will be difficult to chase anything over 230 odd on such kinds of tracks. I would be pleased if the wicket turns slightly less in future matches. Piyush has a good googly and nowadays we see that the umpires give more lbws. He turns the odd one and has a very good wrong'un. When we have players who have a few niggles, we have to be careful. It's not about winning these warm-up games.. the real task starts when we get into the tournament. stumpings is quite a rarity in odi format, may be the wickets are too placid or the spinners not good enough. in my reading that the wickets are too placid and its an indication that the spinners have bowled well. Sachin will definitely play next game. The chennai crowd love him. As for Zaheer, he has a minor groin strain; so we will have to wait and watch."
That's all from us. Good bye and good luck.
37.5;W;Ashwin to Lee, OUT All over. Lee went down the track for the big hit and inside edged it to his stumps. India win by 38 runs.;Brett Lee b Ashwin 1 (3m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 14.28;
37.4;?;Ashwin to Lee, no run another one that breaks away from Lee who jabs it to the off;
37.3;?;Ashwin to Lee, no run goes well back to defend;
37.2;?;Ashwin to Lee, no run the carrom ball ,, lands around off and goes away from the bat to hit the pad just outside off;
37.1;?;Ashwin to Lee, no run spins in from outside off, goes for the cut;
36.6;1;Harbhajan to Lee, 1 run goes down the track and on drives to long-on;
36.5;?;Harbhajan to Lee, no run leans well forward to defend to the on side;
36.4;W;Harbhajan to Krejza, OUT Trapped! It landed on a good length, on the middle stump, from round the stumps and turned. Dead duck. It got him low on the pad in front of the middle stump line. India on the brink here.;Jason Krejza lbw b Harbhajan Singh 0 (2m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
36.3;?;Harbhajan to Krejza, no run from round the stumps, outside off, squeezed to second slip;
36.2;?;Harbhajan to Krejza, no run;
36.1;W;Harbhajan to Johnson, OUT Eight down and wobbling away. The crowd go berserk. Australia have panicked here. Some strange shot selections and some iffy batting technique. A cruel mixture. Johnson rushed down the track for a wild hit and never looked like connecting.;Mitchell Johnson st ?Dhoni b Harbhajan Singh 15 (23m 19b 0x4 1x6) SR: 78.94;
35.6;1;Ashwin to Johnson, 1 run almost caught by the diving Ashwin. It was flighted around the middle stump line, Mitch chipped it in the air towards the non striker and Ashwin hurled himself to his left but couldn't quite reach it;
35.5;6;Ashwin to Johnson, SIX runs Wallop! Mitch takes the risk, rushes down the track and silences the crowd with a big whack over deep midwicket boundary.;
35.4;?;Ashwin to Johnson, no run turns away after landing on the off and middle line, pushed to the off;
35.3;1;Ashwin to Hastings, 1 run quicker, short in length though and that allows Hastings to clip it through midwicket;
35.2;1;Ashwin to Johnson, 1 run on the middle and leg line, dabbed behind square-leg;
35.1;?;Ashwin to Johnson, no run on the middle and off, from round the stumps, defended to the on side;
34.6;?;Harbhajan to Hastings, no run leans forward to nudge this to the on side;
34.5;?;Harbhajan to Hastings, no run leans forward to defend to the on side;
34.4;W;Harbhajan to Ponting, OUT Stumped! Ponting perishes, going for a big slog sweep! The back foot was on the line and Dhoni broke the stumps in a flash. Again, a very quick stumping from the Indian captain. It was in the zone outside off and didn't turn in. Ponting didn't connect with the slog sweep and Dhoni did the rest. Tremendous noise emanating from the stadium, Whistling, roaring and what not. Australia seven down;Ricky Ponting st ?Dhoni b Harbhajan Singh 57 (102m 85b 4x4 0x6) SR: 67.05;
34.3;?;Harbhajan to Ponting, no run around the leg and middle line, bounds off the pad to leg gully fielder.;
34.3;5w;Harbhajan to Ponting, 5 wide floated outside leg stump, swept away to the fine-leg boundary. Nope, wait, it's 5 wides.;
34.2;?;Harbhajan to Ponting, no run stays back to push this back to the bowler;
34.1;1;Harbhajan to Johnson, 1 run from round the stumps, on the middle and off, worked through midwicket;
33.6;1;Ashwin to Johnson, 1 run dabs this to square-leg region for a single;
33.5;1;Ashwin to Ponting, 1 run slightly short in length, Ponting pulls it to deep backward square-leg;
33.4;2;Ashwin to Ponting, 2 runs gets forward to work it past a diving Harbhajan at midwicket;
33.3;1;Ashwin to Johnson, 1 run flighted around off, driven to right of Harbhajan at cover for a single;
33.2;?;Ashwin to Johnson, no run from round the stumps, on the off stump line, pushed to extra cover;
33.1;1;Ashwin to Ponting, 1 run dabs this off break to square-leg for a single;
32.6;?;Harbhajan to Johnson, no run full delivery, Mitch stays back and edges the defensive push to backward point;
32.5;1;Harbhajan to Ponting, 1 run gets well back to clip it through midwicket;
32.4;1;Harbhajan to Johnson, 1 run flighted from round the stumps, around off, driven to long-off;
32.3;1;Harbhajan to Ponting, 1 run tossed up full around off, flicked past square-leg;
32.2;1;Harbhajan to Johnson, 1 run from round the stumps, on the off stump line, punched to long-off;
32.1;?;Harbhajan to Johnson, no run flighted around the off stump line, pushed to cover;
31.6;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run leans forward to turn it to the on side and edges it to his pad;
31.5;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run goes back to play for the turn but there isn't any and he crouches to stab it along the ground to first slip;
31.4;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run flighted delivery on a good length outside off, tapped to the on side;
31.3;1;Ashwin to Johnson, 1 run a touch short in length, punched to long-on;
31.2;?;Ashwin to Johnson, no run slower, just outside off, pushed out to point;
31.1;?;Ashwin to Johnson, no run from round the stumps, around off stump line, pushed out to point;
30.6;1;Chawla to Johnson, 1 run tries to drive this and ends up edging it through point.;
30.5;?;Chawla to Johnson, no run loud shout for lbw as Mitch is struck high on the pad on the forward defensive poke. It landed around leg and middle and straightened.;
30.4;W;Chawla to Ferguson, OUT Piyush is running hot here in Bangalore. A lovely teasing leg break around the off stump and Ferguson was fatally attracted to it. He went for a loose drive and edged to Kohli at first slip. The crowd roar. And roar. Ponting stands alone.;Callum Ferguson c Kohli b Chawla 8 (8m 9b 1x4 0x6) SR: 88.88;
30.3;?;Chawla to Ferguson, no run two slips, leg gully in, full delivery, defended down the track;
30.2;1;Chawla to Ponting, 1 run slightly short in length, pulled away for a single;
30.1;1b;Chawla to Ferguson, 1 bye landed on a good length around off and turned viciously past the off stump and went away between Dhoni and Kohli, at slip!;
29.6;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run taps this back to the bowler;
29.5;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run leans well forward to defend to the off side;
29.4;1;Ashwin to Ferguson, 1 run flighted around off, eased to long-o n;
29.3;2;Ashwin to Ferguson, 2 runs turn and bounce, stabbed of the inner edge to backward square-leg;
29.2;?;Ashwin to Ferguson, no run leans forward to jab this to the off;
29.1;4;Ashwin to Ferguson, FOUR runs Dropped by Kohli at first slip. It straightned outside off stump, Ferguson played for the non-existent turn and edged it well to the left of Virat who dived but couldn't hold on. Virat was standing a touch wide at first slip;
28.6;?;Chawla to Ponting, no run Almost lost his off stump! It was the googly outside off and Ponting went for the cover drive outside the line and the ball broke back in to go between the bat and the off stump. The ball rolls away to the leg side .. confusion over the run but Ferguson gets back in time;
28.5;?;Chawla to Ponting, no run leans well forward to defend this to the off;
28.4;1;Chawla to Ferguson, 1 run slightly short in length, punched away to sweeper cover;
28.3;?;Chawla to Ferguson, no run Ferguson prevents the hatrick by stretching forward to defend to the on side;
28.2;W;Chawla to Hussey, OUT Stumped! David walks away. The umpire asks him to wait. Third umpire says that's out. It was a loverly leg break that lured David forward before it broke away sharply past the defensive poke. The back foot was in the air when Dhoni broke the stumps. Did the bails come off in time, just before the boot landed. Replays show that they did. Piyush is having quite a night here.;David Hussey st ?Dhoni b Chawla 0 (2m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
28.1;W;Chawla to White, OUT the flighted legbreak around the off stump line and White tries to clear mid-on but fails. Piyush gets another wicket. He has bowled really well tonight.;Cameron White c Ashwin b Chawla 4 (17m 13b 0x4 0x6) SR: 30.76;
27.6;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run this one breaks away, pushed out to cover;
27.5;1;Ashwin to White, 1 run dabs this behind square-leg;
27.4;1;Ashwin to Ponting, 1 run 50 for Punter! Super news for Australia. He worked this one past square-leg to bring up the landmark.;
27.3;1;Ashwin to White, 1 run quicker, worked past square-leg;
27.2;?;Ashwin to White, no run flighted outside off, tapped to cover;
27.1;1;Ashwin to Ponting, 1 run quickish off break, Ponting shuffles across to nudge it to the vacant spaces on the leg side;
26.6;?;Chawla to White, no run from wide of the crease, the slider outside off ,edges it to his pad;
26.5;?;Chawla to White, no run stays back to edge the leg break to right of Kohli at slip;
26.4;?;Chawla to White, no run fullish, pushed out to Raina at short extra cover;
26.3;?;Chawla to White, no run straightens on the off stump line, defended towards point;
26.2;?;Chawla to White, no run quickish leg break around off, edged to right of slip where Kohli makes a diving save;
26.1;1;Chawla to Ponting, 1 run gets forward to ease this to long-off;
25.6;1;Yuvraj to Ponting, 1 run tossed up outside off, driven to sweeper cover;
25.5;?;Yuvraj to Ponting, no run lunges forward to defend to the off;
25.4;2;Yuvraj to Ponting, 2 runs leans forward to work this past midwicket;
25.3;1;Yuvraj to White, 1 run stops a touch on white who shoves it wide of point. Ponting wanted the run and White responds to the skipper's call and just about gets back. AShwin was the fielder who had made a diving save at point;
25.2;1;Yuvraj to Ponting, 1 run floated full outside off, driven to right of Yusuf at deep cover;
25.1;1;Yuvraj to White, 1 run gets back to punch it to sweeper cover;
24.6;2;Chawla to Ponting, 2 runs Plays a chip shot ala Carl Hooper. He leaned forward to bunt this one over extra cover;
24.5;?;Chawla to Ponting, no run leans well forward to defend;
24.4;?;Chawla to Ponting, no run Loud shout for lbw but turned down. It landed on a good length just outside off and skidded on with the angle. Ponting had stretched really well forward and hence put in the doubt in the minds of the umpire;
24.3;?;Chawla to Ponting, no run presses right back to defend to the on side;
24.2;2;Chawla to Ponting, 2 runs rocks back to cut to point where Gambhir fails to stop;
24.1;?;Chawla to Ponting, no run leans well forward to defend back to the bowler;
23.6;2b;Yuvraj to White, 2 byes flighted full on a length around off and spun sharply past the attempted waft. Dhoni fails to collect cleanly;
23.5;?;Yuvraj to White, no run leans forward to push it to the off side;
23.4;1;Yuvraj to Ponting, 1 run backs away to push to the off and inside edges to the on side;
23.3;?;Yuvraj to Ponting, no run leans well forward to defend to the off;
23.2;?;Yuvraj to Ponting, no run full delivery outside off, squeezed along the ground to slip;
23.1;?;Yuvraj to Ponting, no run floated outside off, left alone;
22.6;W;Chawla to Clarke, OUT Just reward for some fine bowling from Piyush. It landed on the middle stump line and it turned quickly outside off. It kept a touch low as well. Clark went for the cut but got a fatal inside edge.;Michael Clarke b Chawla 0 (4m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
22.5;?;Chawla to Clarke, no run slider on the leg and middle line, hits the pad but going down leg. The ball skids on quickly with the arm;
22.4;?;Chawla to Clarke, no run moves down the track but the ball dips quickly and he jabs it pad and bat to the off;
22.3;?;Chawla to Clarke, no run leans well forward to defend to the on side;
22.2;1;Chawla to Ponting, 1 run gets forward to drive to long-off;
22.1;?;Chawla to Ponting, no run What a lovely legbreak. It landed on the middle stump line, on a good length and spun sharply past the defensive prod.;
21.6;1;Yuvraj to Ponting, 1 run rocks back to punch this to sweeper cover;
21.5;W;Yuvraj to Paine, OUT Paine holes out to long-on. Paine lofted the flighted delivery to right of long-on where Munaf moved quickly to take a good catch, running along the boundary;Tim Paine c Patel b Yuvraj Singh 37 (87m 57b 4x4 0x6) SR: 64.91;
21.4;1;Yuvraj to Ponting, 1 run full delivery outside off, driven to Yusuf at sweeper cover;
21.3;?;Yuvraj to Ponting, no run leans well forward to defend to the off;
21.2;1;Yuvraj to Paine, 1 run slower, fullish, eased to long-on;
21.1;?;Yuvraj to Paine, no run leans forward to drive to short cover;
20.6;4lb;Harbhajan to Ponting, 4 leg byes turns in again, moves past the defensive poke, hits the pad and goes between dhoni and leg gully;
20.5;?;Harbhajan to Ponting, no run turns in quickly from outside off and Ponting is in trouble. He was on the back foot and is struck on the pad outside the off stump;
20.4;?;Harbhajan to Ponting, no run spins in to the middle stump line, dabbed to the on side;
20.3;1;Harbhajan to Paine, 1 run leans forward to work it behind square-leg;
20.2;1;Harbhajan to Ponting, 1 run Ponting top edges the sweep shot, Sreesanth is late in reacting at deep backward square-leg, rushes forward and dives but can't get to it;
20.1;?;Harbhajan to Ponting, no run turn and bounce, from the off stump line and ends up on the leg stump, Ponting gets the bat out of the way in time;
19.6;?;Yuvraj to Paine, no run lunges forward to push this to backward point;
19.5;1;Yuvraj to Ponting, 1 run full delivery outside off, driven to long-off;
19.4;1;Yuvraj to Paine, 1 run flighted outside off, square driven to sweeper cover;
19.3;2;Yuvraj to Paine, 2 runs spins away from the off, cut to left of Yusuf at deep point;
19.2;1;Yuvraj to Ponting, 1 run gets forward to drive towards mid-off;
19.1;?;Yuvraj to Ponting, no run leans forward to glide it to the off;
18.6;1;Harbhajan to Ponting, 1 run drags this short and Ponting pulls to Sreesanth at deep midwicket.;
18.5;?;Harbhajan to Ponting, no run flighted delivery around off, Ponting leans forward to defend and is struck on the pad just outside off;
18.4;?;Harbhajan to Ponting, no run goes back, gets in to a tangle but crouches to manage to stab the off break from the middle stump line to midwicket;
18.3;1;Harbhajan to Paine, 1 run on the off stump line, swept behind square-leg;
18.2;?;Harbhajan to Paine, no run tossed up around off , and again wristed to midwicket;
18.1;?;Harbhajan to Paine, no run flighted full around off, worked to short midwicket;
17.6;4;Chawla to Ponting, FOUR runs drops this short and Punter rocks back to pull it away to the backward square-leg boundary;
17.5;?;Chawla to Ponting, no run;
17.4;1lb;Chawla to Paine, 1 leg bye rolls away to the leg side;
17.3;?;Chawla to Paine, no run shout for lbw but height was probably what saved him there. Looks pretty close. It landed on a length outside off and skidded on towards middle. Lovely delivery that, Paine didn't pick it and it skidded on very quickly. It hit him just above the knee roll.;
17.2;2;Chawla to Paine, 2 runs turns away from the off stump, cut to left of deep point for couple of runs;
17.1;1;Chawla to Ponting, 1 run flighted full on the middle and leg line, on driven to deepish mid-on;
16.6;?;Yuvraj to Paine, no run spins away from the off stump, jabbed out to the off;
16.5;1;Yuvraj to Ponting, 1 run gets back to punch it to deep cover;
16.4;1;Yuvraj to Paine, 1 run turns away from Paine who jabs it in the air well to the left of Yuvraj;
16.3;?;Yuvraj to Paine, no run tries the paddle shot and sweeps it right on to his throat!;
16.2;1;Yuvraj to Ponting, 1 run gets back to punch it to deep cover;
16.1;1;Yuvraj to Paine, 1 run reaches outside off to paddle it to fine-leg region;
15.6;1;Chawla to Paine, 1 run flighted leg break around off, eased to long-off;
15.5;1;Chawla to Ponting, 1 run lunges forward to defend and the ball rolls away to square-leg;
15.4;2;Chawla to Ponting, 2 runs rushes down the track but is he done in the flight. Ponting ends up slicing his lofted shot but short of long-off.;
15.3;2;Chawla to Ponting, 2 runs flighted outside off, too full and Ponting drives well to the right of sweeper cover where Yusuf makes a diving save;
15.2;?;Chawla to Ponting, no run moves down the track and on drives to mid-on;
15.1;?;Chawla to Ponting, no run leans forward to defend the leg break to the off;
14.6;?;Ashwin to Paine, no run lands outside leg , Paine goes for the sweep and bottom edges it;
14.5;?;Ashwin to Paine, no run sharp turn from outside off, Paine shuffled quickly across outside off and was struck on the pad. Shout for lbw but he was struck outside off;
14.4;?;Ashwin to Paine, no run turns in from well outside off, Paine is beaten on the cut shot;
14.3;1;Ashwin to Ponting, 1 run gets back and across to clip it past square-leg;
14.2;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run shuffles across to stab this one to the leg side of the pitch;
14.1;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run goes for the reverse sweep and misses it! A rare shot from Ricky. Does he usually play that shot? It was flighted delivery outside off;
13.6;1;Chawla to Ponting, 1 run moves outside leg and ends up shoving this skidder in the air but past his partner at the other end;
13.6;1w;Chawla to Ponting, 1 wide the skidder again, Ponting shuffles across and misses it.. the ball slips down the leg side;
13.5;?;Chawla to Ponting, no run on the leg stump line, paddled to Harbhajan at short fine-leg;
13.4;?;Chawla to Ponting, no run the slider.. lands short of length and skids on with the angle,. Ponting goes for the pull and edges it to the leg side;
13.3;?;Chawla to Ponting, no run stretches well forward to defend .. pad and bat;
13.2;?;Chawla to Ponting, no run flighted leg break on the middle and leg, pushed to the on side;
13.1;1;Chawla to Paine, 1 run gets forward to ease it to the on side;
12.6;1;Ashwin to Paine, 1 run on the middle stump line, worked wide of midwicket;
12.5;1;Ashwin to Ponting, 1 run full and just outside off, eased to long-on;
12.4;1lb;Ashwin to Paine, 1 leg bye goes for the sweep and it bounds off the pad over leg gully;
12.3;?;Ashwin to Paine, no run full outside off, pushed back to the bowler;
12.2;?;Ashwin to Paine, no run slip and leg slip watch Paine inside edge a defensive poke to his pad;
12.1;?;Ashwin to Paine, no run flighted outside off, pushed to the on side;
11.6;?;Chawla to Ponting, no run turns from the middle stump line, tapped to the off side;
11.5;?;Chawla to Ponting, no run on the middle and leg line, defended to the on side;
11.4;1;Chawla to Paine, 1 run goes down the track and flicks it for a single;
11.3;?;Chawla to Paine, no run straightens around off stump, defended to the off stump line;
11.2;?;Chawla to Paine, no run shout for lbw but either going down the leg side or maybe even an inside edge there as well. It slided on the middle and leg line and Paine lunged out;
11.1;?;Chawla to Paine, no run flighted leg break on the off stump line, eased back to the bowler;
11.1;5w;Chawla to Paine, 5 wide lands outside leg stump and goes past the attempted sweep shot. Dhoni hadn't moved across in time;
10.6;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run on the middle and leg delivery, straightens, Ponting jabs it to the on side;
10.5;1;Ashwin to Paine, 1 run spins to the middle and leg line, worked behind square-leg;
10.4;?;Ashwin to Paine, no run turns to move past the prod and wobbles away to leg gully;
10.3;1;Ashwin to Ponting, 1 run leans forward to ping long-on;
10.2;1;Ashwin to Paine, 1 run full delivery, driven to left of mid-off for a single;
10.1;2;Ashwin to Paine, 2 runs clips this to deep square-leg region;
9.6;?;Sreesanth to Ponting, no run Huge shout for a catch behind but turned down. What a cracker of a delivery. It landed full in length around off and seamed away late. Very late. Ponting was squared-up in defense as he pushed forward to defend. There was a woody noise and Indians were very confident but it was turned down. Ponting and Sreesanth have few more words. Crowd get into the act. Suddenly, a tremendous buzz around the arena;
9.5;?;Sreesanth to Ponting, no run probing good-length delivery around off, pushed out to cover. Exchange of words between the bowler and the batsman and as you would expect, the crowd roar!;
9.4;?;Sreesanth to Ponting, no run short in length outside off, pushed out to backward point;
9.3;?;Sreesanth to Ponting, no run the bouncer outside off this time and Ponting tries to pull it from outside off and can't connect.;
9.2;2;Sreesanth to Ponting, 2 runs gets back and across to clip this short-of-length delivery past square-leg/. Harbhajan moves to his left and fires a throw to Dhoni, who doesn't collect it cleanly. It could have been close had he taken that.;
9.1;1;Sreesanth to Paine, 1 run lands on a good length around off and cuts in, Paine squeezes it past square-leg;
8.6;4;Ashwin to Ponting, FOUR runs Flighted full around off and Ponting moves forward quickly to on drive it to right of mid-on. This was his most convincing shot so far. Nicely done.;
8.5;4;Ashwin to Ponting, FOUR runs flighted on a length outside off stump, Ricky leans across, opens the bat-face and glides it past first slip. Partly edged, partly steered.;
8.4;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run goes back to cut to backward point;
8.3;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run lunges forward to push a full delivery and edges it to leg slip;
8.2;4;Ashwin to Ponting, FOUR runs good delivery this. It was a flighted one, landed on a good length outside off and turned in. Ricky lunged at it to defend and got a inside edge and the ball goes between Dhoni and leg slip;
8.1;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run on the off stump line, tapped back to the bowler;
7.6;1;Sreesanth to Ponting, 1 run gets back and behind the line of this good-length delivery around off and runs it down to third man;
7.5;W;Sreesanth to Watson, OUT Watson tries to heave this over mid-off but fails to clear Piyush. India's best bowler tonight Sreesanth gets the break through. It was a good-length delivery outside off and Watson tried to knife it on the up but didn't connect as well as he would have liked. Piyush moved quickly to his left to pouch a sharp catch;Shane Watson c Chawla b Sreesanth 33 (35m 26b 7x4 0x6) SR: 126.92;
7.4;?;Sreesanth to Watson, no run just outside off stump, guided to point;
7.3;1;Sreesanth to Paine, 1 run full in length around the off stump line, steered to third man;
7.2;1;Sreesanth to Watson, 1 run around the off stump, cut down to Ashwin at third man;
7.1;?;Sreesanth to Watson, no run full in length, on the off stump line, defended on the front foot;
6.6;1;Patel to Watson, 1 run fuller and Watson drags this down to long-on;
6.5;4;Patel to Watson, FOUR runs Imperious! Whaddaplayaaa! It was shortish outside off stump, Watson spanked it past point. fierce square-cut;
6.4;?;Patel to Watson, no run Ouch! It landed short of length, moved in and past the forward prod and hit the groin region. Watson groans, the crowd roar...;
6.3;4;Patel to Watson, FOUR runs Typical! Nicely done. That front-foot chop. He opened the bat-face, bent his knee and steered the good-length delivery late and past the short third man fielder;
6.2;?;Patel to Watson, no run gets forward to defend compactly to the on side;
6.1;?;Patel to Watson, no run lands short of length around off and straightens, defended to cover;
5.6;?;Sreesanth to Paine, no run kicks up from short of length, on the off stump line, extra bounce, steered to backward point;
5.5;4;Sreesanth to Paine, FOUR runs Width and penalised. It was short in length and well outside off, Paine stays back to punch it through point.;
5.4;?;Sreesanth to Paine, no run the bouncer outside off stump and Paine tried to fetch it from way out there and the ball flashes past the pull shot;
5.3;1;Sreesanth to Watson, 1 run full in length, just outside off, Watson bends his back knee, crouches and steers it late to third man;
5.2;?;Sreesanth to Watson, no run full in length, lands outside off and seams away, left alone;
5.1;?;Sreesanth to Watson, no run short in length just outside off, pushed out to point;
4.6;1;Patel to Watson, 1 run taps this to the on side for a single;
4.5;4;Patel to Watson, FOUR runs Crunched! and Ashwin nearly catches it. Watto heaves this good-length delivery to the left of mid-on where Ashwin moves and dives but can't hold on. It brushed his fingers and burst away to the boundary.;
4.4;?;Patel to Watson, no run That front-foot characteristic chop from Watto. He gets forward, bends his knee and then chops the back-of-length delivery to backward point;
4.3;4;Patel to Watson, FOUR runs Wallop! Watto leans forward to a good length delivery around off and whacks it high over to the straight boundary;
4.2;4;Patel to Watson, FOUR runs full in length around off stump line and driven to left of mid-off where Nehra makes a complete mess of a regulation stop. He bowled two poor overs and now this.;
4.1;?;Patel to Watson, no run on a good length, homing in on the off stump, defended on the front foot;
3.6;?;Sreesanth to Paine, no run good follow-up, lands on a good length around off and middle and seams towards off, Paine leans forward, bat in front of the body and squeezes it to point region;
3.5;4;Sreesanth to Paine, FOUR runs fuller, trying to get a lbw but Paine was alert, he made sure the front leg never got in the way, and opened his stance and whipped it through midwicket. neatly done.;
3.4;?;Sreesanth to Paine, no run another fine delivery, this is fuller and hint of out swing, Paine tries to work it to the on side and gets a leading edge to cover;
3.3;?;Sreesanth to Paine, no run good delivery, extra bounce this time. It kicks up from short of length and Paine just about sways away from the line;
3.2;?;Sreesanth to Paine, no run lands on a good length just outside off and seams away, Paine is beaten, pushing inside the line;
3.1;1;Sreesanth to Watson, 1 run gets forward to drive to mid-off where Piyush mops up;
2.6;?;Nehra to Paine, no run shorter in length, punched to Raina at short point;
2.5;4;Nehra to Paine, FOUR runs full pitched around off and Paine eases it through covers. Nice piece of timing there. He leaned well forward and found the gap;
2.4;?;Nehra to Paine, no run around the off stump line, defended towards cover;
2.3;?;Nehra to Paine, no run around the off stump line, defended on the back foot;
2.2;?;Nehra to Paine, no run stays back to steer this to backward point. He then has a look at his bat as he walks to the leg side;
2.1;?;Nehra to Paine, no run around the off stump line, tapped to backward point;
1.6;1;Sreesanth to Paine, 1 run really full delivery on the off stump line, jabbed away to the on side.;
1.5;4;Sreesanth to Paine, FOUR runs good delivery;' it landed on a good length around off and straightened. Paine felt for it and stabbed it of the outer edge past the second slip;
1.4;?;Sreesanth to Paine, no run straightens on the off stump line, from a good length, defended to the on side;
1.3;?;Sreesanth to Paine, no run good-length delivery around off, tapped back to the bowler;
1.2;?;Sreesanth to Paine, no run full in length on the off, eased to cover;
1.1;?;Sreesanth to Paine, no run two slips in place, full in length around off and middle, pushed towards mid-off;
0.6;?;Nehra to Watson, no run full in length around off, steered to point;
0.5;?;Nehra to Watson, no run lands this on a good length and Watson gets forward to defend;
0.4;?;Nehra to Watson, no run on a length this time, on the middle and leg, moves past the bat to hit the pad;
0.3;4;Nehra to Watson, FOUR runs Lovely! Another gentle full pitched delivery on the middle, Watto leans forward to whip it to the right of mid-on;
0.2;?;Nehra to Watson, no run gentle seam-up delivery, eased past the non striker;
0.1;4;Nehra to Watson, FOUR runs Ah! Neat. Low full toss and Watson leans forward to gently caress it between Paine and the umpire.;

Indians in a huddle. Watson and Tim Paine walk past them.
 Innings Start
(D/N), Bengaluru, Feb 13 2011, Australia tour of Bangladesh, India and Sri Lanka
214
176
Player of the match is 
