Data
9.10pm So Australia will need 200 to win, but that was a terrific fightback from them in the last five overs with ball. West Indies lost their way badly after the brilliant display from Evin Lewis. Useful hands from Chris Gayle and Nicholas Pooran as well, but they were on for 220+ at one stage. Andrew Tye, Adam Zampa and Mitchell Marsh excellent with the ball. Australia have a weaker batting order today so it will still be a tall order to chase this. Peter will be with your shortly
19.6;6;Tye to Walsh, SIX runs strong finish! Manages to clear the ropes...a full delivery outside off, holds his shape this time against the slower ball, swings it clear over wide long-off;
19.5;1;Tye to Cottrell, 1 run shuffles to leg and flicks one bounce to deep midwicket;
19.4;1;Tye to Walsh, 1 run a short delivery, pulls and takes a toe end towards short third man...excellent from Tye;
19.3;?;Tye to Walsh, no run connects with fresh air again, Tye pushing it across outside off;
19.2;?;Tye to Walsh, no run swings across the line at a delivery outside off;
19.1;W;Tye to Bravo, OUT taken at short third man...a slower ball, full outside off, Bravo swings and the bottom hand comes off the bat. Finch takes a few steps back on the edge of the ring;Darren Bravo c Finch b Tye 5 (13m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 71.42;
19.1;1w;Tye to Bravo, 1 wide short and wide outside off, a bonus run and delivery;
18.6;4;Hazlewood to Walsh, FOUR runs edge past the keeper...unlucky for the bowler, it was a low full toss at the stumps, Walsh had a swing and Wade couldn't stop the nick as it went along the ground;
18.5;?;Hazlewood to Walsh, no run moves across outside off stump and attempts to scoop a back-of-a-length delivery but can't connect...another dot ball;
18.4;1;Hazlewood to Bravo, 1 run full and straight, driven into the covers;
18.3;1;Hazlewood to Walsh, 1 run length delivery outside leg stump, worked off the pads into midwicket;
18.2;?;Hazlewood to Walsh, no run good delivery! Back of a length at middle and off, nips off the seam and beats the edge;
18.1;1;Hazlewood to Bravo, 1 run back of a length at off stump, pulled to deep midwicket;
17.6;1;Tye to Bravo, 1 run another slower ball, on off stump, driven without timing into the off side;
17.5;?;Tye to Bravo, no run a slower ball, full outside off, left alone...not a piece of cricket you will often see in the 18th over;
17.4;W;Tye to Pooran, OUT short ball, taken at deep midwicket! Well bowled by Tye. Was angled across Pooran, he went for the pull but it takes more top edge than middle and it's a comfortable catch;Nicholas Pooran c Carey b Tye 31 (36m 18b 1x4 3x6) SR: 172.22;
17.4;1w;Tye to Pooran, 1 wide sprays this miles outside off, Wade does well to reach it with a one-handed dive...Tye doesn't want to get straight to Pooran;
17.3;2;Tye to Pooran, 2 runs loops over the bowler! A low full toss, Pooran gets a big leading edge but it takes enough bat to land safely;
17.2;?;Tye to Pooran, no run wide outside off, Pooran moving across the crease, Tye gets away with this one...tight call;
17.2;1w;Tye to Pooran, 1 wide that's so wide it lands off the cut strip;
17.1;1;Tye to Bravo, 1 run dropped at long-on...Bravo lofts a full delivery down the ground, doesn't get it cleanly as the face closes on a slower ball, Philippe gets there but can't hold the low, running chance;
16.6;1;Zampa to Bravo, 1 run good length at the stumps, a googly, worked into midwicket;
16.5;W;Zampa to Allen, OUT taken this time! A replay of the previous ball, Allen going for the pull and this time it reaches Zampa at head height in front of his face;Fabian Allen c & b Zampa 1 (5m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
16.4;?;Zampa to Allen, no run short of a length, quicker delivery, pulled straight back to the bowler;
16.3;1;Zampa to Pooran, 1 run short outside leg stump, pulled backward of square but can't quite find the gap;
16.2;1;Zampa to Allen, 1 run full outside off, drags the slog sweep to deep midwicket;
16.1;1;Zampa to Pooran, 1 run full at off stump, he hammers that drive, not sure if it actually hit the non-striker, goes to long-off;
15.6;?;Tye to Allen, no run back of a length outside off, pace on at 130kph, dabbed to short third man;
15.5;W;Tye to Russell, OUT taken at deep cover! Big moment. Short outside off, Russell attempts to clear the off side with a flat-batted swat but finds Carey;Andre Russell c Carey b Tye 1 (8m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
15.5;1w;Tye to Russell, 1 wide very short outside off;
15.4;1;Tye to Pooran, 1 run short of a length outside off, crunches a straight-batted pull back at Tye and it rebounds towards long-off;
15.3;?;Tye to Pooran, no run length ball angled across outside off, cuts to backward point;
15.2;1;Tye to Russell, 1 run full outside off, opens the face into backward point;
15.1;1;Tye to Pooran, 1 run dropped! Tye spills it. A short ball, Pooran gets a top edge miles into the night sky. Tye chases after it from his follow through to the square-leg area, gets under it, reverse cup, but the ball bursts through;
14.6;?;Marsh to Russell, no run full outside off, defended very correctly back to Marsh...not sure we'll see much more of that;
14.5;1;Marsh to Pooran, 1 run back over the wicket, full and straight, flicked off the pads to deep midwicket;
14.4;W;Marsh to Simmons, OUT and it works! A length ball angled across, Simmons moves across the crease, goes for an almighty to the leg side, it skews high into the backward point area where Tye settles under it;Lendl Simmons c Tye b Marsh 21 (40m 25b 1x4 1x6) SR: 84;
14.3;?;Marsh to Simmons, no run back of a length outside off, Simmons swipes to the on side and doesn't connect;
14.2;?;Marsh to Simmons, no run full, wide outside off, a big swing and a miss;
14.1;6;Marsh to Simmons, SIX runs full toss outside off, clears deep midwicket with a bottom-handed heave...didn't really time it that well;
13.6;?;Hazlewood to Pooran, no run nearly takes leg stump! Full outside leg, Pooran moving across the crease and misses his flick. Umpire doesn't call wide;
13.5;1;Hazlewood to Simmons, 1 run a short ball at the body, rolls his wrists and pulls to deep square leg;
13.4;2;Hazlewood to Simmons, 2 runs gets the yorker in, worked through midwicket and the pace of the shot allows them back for a well-judged second;
13.3;4;Hazlewood to Simmons, FOUR runs finds the gap, much-needed boundary for Simmons, uses his feet then slices this through backward point;
13.2;1;Hazlewood to Pooran, 1 run full outside off, he moves across the crease and heaves out to deep midwicket;
13.2;2nb;Hazlewood to Simmons, (no ball) 1 run full at the stumps, knocked down to long-on...and Hazlewood has over-stepped. Too many of those from Australia;
13.1;?;Hazlewood to Simmons, no run back of a length, straight, played to the bowler;
12.6;?;Swepson to Pooran, no run back of a length, worked to the bowler...West Indies regain their momentum in that over;
12.5;?;Swepson to Pooran, no run beats a booming drive, a wrong 'un pushed across outside off;
12.4;4;Swepson to Pooran, FOUR runs short again, outside leg stump, not quite the same distance on this pull but he picks the gap through deep square leg;
12.3;6;Swepson to Pooran, SIX runs dragged down very short, he latches on, gets underneath it and pulls from low to high to clear deep midwicket;
12.3;1w;Swepson to Pooran, 1 wide short outside leg stump, a quicker delivery at 96kph, Pooran misses the pull and gets the wide;
12.2;6;Swepson to Pooran, SIX runs and again! Over long-off this time. This one is a googly outside off, Pooran picks it and lofts it miles back into the stands;
12.1;6;Swepson to Pooran, SIX runs lovely stroke, a full delivery, Pooran lofts it effortlessly perfectly straight down the ground;
12.1;2w;Swepson to Simmons, 2 wide every is done all ends up! Simmons coming down the pitch, Swepson sees him and fires it miles down the leg side, Wade can't gather it;
11.6;1;Zampa to Simmons, 1 run leans back and square cuts this off stumps, a misfield at short third man allows the single. Another super over from Zampa;
11.5;?;Zampa to Simmons, no run comes down the pitch, Zampa drags the length, spins into the pads and tucked to short fine leg;
11.4;1;Zampa to Pooran, 1 run short outside off, steps back on leg stump and square drives to deep point;
11.3;1lb;Zampa to Simmons, 1 leg bye a quicker delivery skids through and takes the back leg, but a fraction high for the lbw;
11.2;?;Zampa to Simmons, no run touch shorter, worked to midwicket;
11.1;?;Zampa to Simmons, no run big appeal for lbw...he's stretching forward and beaten on the inside edge by a googly, angling down leg;
10.6;W;Marsh to Lewis, OUT carved high to cover! Marsh has an impact again. Back of a length outside off, a slower ball, Lewis can't get any timing into the strike as he aims down the ground;Evin Lewis c sub (NT Ellis) b Marsh 79 (54m 34b 4x4 9x6) SR: 232.35;
10.6;1w;Marsh to Lewis, 1 wide a very loopy slower-ball bouncer, called wide;
10.5;1;Marsh to Simmons, 1 run moves well across the crease this time and is able to reach a very wide delivery, driven to deep cover;
10.4;?;Marsh to Simmons, no run comes down the pitch then plays over the top of a wide delivery outside off;
10.3;1;Marsh to Lewis, 1 run gets forward and drives through the off side;
10.2;1;Marsh to Simmons, 1 run full outside, driven powerfully straight to the cover sweeper;
10.1;1;Marsh to Lewis, 1 run over the wicket, a straight delivery which perhaps keeps a touch low, worked down the ground;
9.6;1;Zampa to Lewis, 1 run good length ball on middle, goes back to flick through midwicket.;
9.5;1;Zampa to Simmons, 1 run short on the legs, goes back to flick along the ground behind square.;
9.4;?;Zampa to Simmons, no run good length ball lands outside leg, Simmons goes back to flick but misses off the pads.;
9.3;?;Zampa to Simmons, no run good length ball on off, defended to backward point.;
9.2;1;Zampa to Lewis, 1 run googly lands short and wide, slapped through cover.;
9.1;1;Zampa to Simmons, 1 run full on the legs, goes back to flick through square leg.;
8.6;?;Swepson to Lewis, no run full and quick on off stump, goes back to defend.;
8.5;6;Swepson to Lewis, SIX runs too short on the legs, Lewis rocks back and smokes a pull flat over wide long-on, at catching height but finds a gap between two fielders as it barely clears the rope.;
8.4;6;Swepson to Lewis, SIX runs flights this too full on off stump, Lewis is seeing it like a beachball right now and swings another mighty pendulum strike over long-on.;
8.3;1;Swepson to Simmons, 1 run too full on middle, whipped along the ground to long-on.;
8.2;?;Swepson to Simmons, no run good length ball on off, cuts this to backward point.;
8.1;?;Swepson to Simmons, no run good length ball googly on fourth stump, defended to cover.;
7.6;6;Tye to Lewis, SIX runs hello! Full pace at 131 kph, full length on fourth stump, Lewis drives this clean over long-on. Imperious strike!;
7.5;6;Tye to Lewis, SIX runs pure forearm muscle! Back of a length outside off slower ball on seventh stump, Lewis backhand tennis racquet swats this over wide long-off and just beats Zampa leaping at the rope.;
7.4;?;Tye to Lewis, no run good length ball outside off, beaten trying to drive.;
7.3;4;Tye to Lewis, FOUR runs cutter bowled on a good length on sixth stump at 122 kph, Lewis is able to time this one elegantly past backward point and deep third man can't cut it off. 23-ball half-century up for Lewis.;
7.2;?;Tye to Lewis, no run wide yorker inside the guidelines at full pace clocking 132 kph, Lewis very late trying to stab this out and is beaten.;
7.2;1w;Tye to Lewis, 1 wide bouncer at full pace over off stump at 128 kph, too high to play and wide is signaled from square leg.;
7.1;1;Tye to Simmons, 1 run slower ball full on the legs at 112 kph, chips this in the air just over midwicket in the ring and cut off by mid-on for one.;
6.6;?;Swepson to Lewis, no run too short again outside leg stump bowled flat and quick, Lewis late again trying to pull, pops off the knee up in the air to Wade for a pseudo appeal for a catch.;
6.5;?;Swepson to Lewis, no run googly again bowled flat and quick on off stump on a good length, spins past the outside edge on a back foot punch.;
6.4;?;Swepson to Lewis, no run flighted full on off at 88 kph, Lewis presses forward to smother it.;
6.4;1w;Swepson to Lewis, 1 wide stock legbreak lands short and a yard outside leg stump, Lewis goes to pull but misses, lucky not to go for five as it deflects off Wade to short fine leg.;
6.3;W;Swepson to Gayle, OUT googly flighted full and very wide on seventh stump, Gayle is sucked into another big heave but unlike the balls that went for six against Zampa the previous over, the extra width is too much for Gayle to play a comfortable shot and his swipe across the line - that too against the turn from the googly - results in a big top edge swirling over mid-off taken 10 yards inside the rope. Clever from Swepson.;Chris Gayle c Behrendorff b Swepson 21 (13m 7b 2x4 2x6) SR: 300;
6.2;1;Swepson to Lewis, 1 run googly lands on a fullish length on middle and spins away, Lewis goes back to flick through midwicket.;
6.1;1;Swepson to Gayle, 1 run full on off, driven down the ground for one.;
5.6;4;Behrendorff to Lewis, FOUR runs another low full toss at shin height on seventh stump, Lewis hammers it flat along the turf and it screams past Tye at mid-off to the rope once more.;
5.5;?;Behrendorff to Lewis, no run Behrendorff's towel falls out of his waist as he charges in to deliver and Lewis pulls out but the umpire lets this full delivery outside off count as legal.;
5.4;?;Behrendorff to Lewis, no run wide yorker again, this time lands it just inside the guidelines and is left alone by Lewis hoping in vain for a wide. It was definitely legal.;
5.4;1w;Behrendorff to Lewis, 1 wide wide yorker attempted, lands outside the guidelines and will have to be rebowled.;
5.3;6;Behrendorff to Lewis, SIX runs overpitched now on fifth stump at 131 kph, Lewis with a pendulum swing of a straight drive over long-off, clocks this into the first row of the second deck of the grandstand.;
5.2;6;Behrendorff to Lewis, SIX runs yikes! Meatball of a full toss at knee height on off stump, Behrendorff adds some marinara sauce for Lewis to feast on by licking this over wide long-on.;
5.1;4;Behrendorff to Lewis, FOUR runs overpitched on sixth stump, the length and width is there for Lewis to get into the act with a sizzling cover drive along the turf.;
4.6;6;Zampa to Gayle, SIX runs mighty mighty boss! Zampa flights this up generously on fourth stump, full enough and with a fraction of width to encourage another sumptuous slog for long-on and Gayle connects sweetly clearing the rope and sending the ball 15 rows back into the grandstand.;
4.5;4;Zampa to Gayle, FOUR runs Zampa overcompensates bowling too flat, too quick, too short and too wide outside off, Gayle punishes it with a cut past cover diving to his right and it goes all the way.;
4.4;6;Zampa to Gayle, SIX runs hello! Flighted full on the legs again, this time Gayle opens up and heaves a slog sweep to send this high and deep over midwicket.;
4.3;?;Zampa to Gayle, no run googly lands full on leg stump, blocked back by Gayle.;
4.2;4;Zampa to Gayle, FOUR runs very full again on off stump, Gayle presses a firm drive through extra cover and it beats the man on the ring all the way to the rope. Almost the same ball bowled to Gayle, and the shot Fletcher really should have played the previous ball.;
4.1;W;Zampa to Fletcher, OUT Fletcher yorks himself. Not the greatest ball from Zampa, and definitely not the greatest shot from Fletcher. Should have been converted into a full toss but Fletcher is a deer in the headlights staring at this full delivery while rooted to the crease without any footwork and tries to stab his bat back behind his feet but can't keep the ball out. An innocuous delivery all things considered but Fletcher shows the kind of form he is in by being unable to block it out at a minimum.;Andre Fletcher b Zampa 12 (20m 16b 0x4 1x6) SR: 75;
3.6;1;Hazlewood to Fletcher, 1 run attempted yorker on leg stump, flicked out to deep backward square for a single to end the over.;
3.5;?;Hazlewood to Fletcher, no run Fletcher charges again, telegraphing it too early this time and Hazlewood bounces it very short on fifth stump as Fletcher flails wildly at it and misses.;
3.4;1;Hazlewood to Lewis, 1 run yorker on off stump, Lewis digs this out into the leg side for a tightly scampered single.;
3.3;1;Hazlewood to Fletcher, 1 run short ball on fourth stump, awkward swivel to pull this along the ground to backward square.;
3.2;6;Hazlewood to Fletcher, SIX runs full on off, Fletcher charges and clocks this cleanly high and deep over Hazlewood into the sightscreen.;
3.1;?;Hazlewood to Fletcher, no run good length ball on off, slaps this back to Hazlewood.;
2.6;6;Behrendorff to Lewis, SIX runs full delivery speared a foot outside leg stump, Lewis could have easily left this but plays a sort of sweep and connects sweetly over fine leg to send it flat and powerfully over the rope.;
2.5;?;Behrendorff to Lewis, no run nearly bounced out! Behrendorff bangs it in short on fourth stump, it climbs on Lewis going to pull and a thick top edge flutters into no man's land between mid-off and Behrendorff, who can't track back fast enough after spinning and reversing course after delivery to be able to get a hand to it and it falls safely just behind the non-striker.;
2.4;?;Behrendorff to Lewis, no run back of a length slower ball on fifth stump, pushed gently to backward point.;
2.3;6;Behrendorff to Lewis, SIX runs goes for yorker but misfires badly on the length, it ends up as a knee high full toss on leg stump that Lewis dispatches with a flick over midwicket for six.;
2.3;1nb;Behrendorff to Lewis, (no ball) another slower ball lands on a good length on off stump, Lewis way out in front. But Behrendorff has overstepped by an even bigger margin so the free hit is still in play.;
2.3;2nb;Behrendorff to Fletcher, (no ball) 1 run slower ball lands full on middle and off at 94 kph, Fletcher keeps his hands back barely long enough to flick this through square leg. Third umpire has signaled on field that Behrendorff has overstepped. Replays show he was over the line by an inch. Clear no ball. Free hit coming up to Lewis.;
2.2;?;Behrendorff to Fletcher, no run good length on the legs, misses a heave over midwicket, no shout for lbw from Behrendorff, pitching outside leg.;
2.1;1;Behrendorff to Lewis, 1 run back of a length on fourth stump, Lewis goes back and across to nudge toward mid-on.;
1.6;1;Hazlewood to Lewis, 1 run good length ball on leg stump, goes back to flick through midwicket for a single to keep strike for the next over.;
1.5;4;Hazlewood to Lewis, FOUR runs short on the stumps at 139 kph, sits up for Lewis to hammer a pull over wide midwicket, two bounces over the rope.;
1.4;1;Hazlewood to Fletcher, 1 run back of a length on fourth stump, fraction of width to slice this to deep third man.;
1.3;?;Hazlewood to Fletcher, no run fullish length on the legs, Fletcher is late flicking at this 129 kph delivery, stifled lbw shout. Missing leg.;
1.2;?;Hazlewood to Fletcher, no run back of a length on off stump at 138 kph, defended to backward point.;
1.1;?;Hazlewood to Fletcher, no run full on off, defended.;
0.6;6;Behrendorff to Lewis, SIX runs classy! Leg-stump half-volley, earlier in the over Lewis could only scuff this along the turf for one but on this occasion he flicks this elegantly high and deep over midwicket for six.;
0.5;1;Behrendorff to Fletcher, 1 run full on off stump, Fletcher presses forward and a thick edge goes through backward point to deep third man for one.;
0.4;?;Behrendorff to Fletcher, no run back of a length ball on middle and off, defended.;
0.3;?;Behrendorff to Fletcher, no run good length ball slanted across fifth stump, left alone.;
0.2;1;Behrendorff to Lewis, 1 run overpitched on leg stump, flicked along the ground through midwicket for one.;
0.1;1;Behrendorff to Fletcher, 1 run back of a length on fourth stump, tap and run with soft hands into cover.;

Thanks Gnasher. Both teams are taking a knee once again before the start of play. Fletcher and Lewis out to open for West Indies. Behrendorff has the new ball in hand for Australia, left-arm over the stumps with a slip in place.
7.25pm Just a few minutes away from the start. Peter will step in for the opening 10 overs.
7.20pm MSRK: "We already had high scoring 3 international games today. I wont complain, if this ends same. "
Salim Khan: "Where is hetty?" He has a bit of an injury
A reminder for those of you in the US, that you can watch this match on ESPN+
7.10pm The other interesting news overnight was the redrawing of the groups for the T20 World Cup. We now have an India vs Pakistan fixture.
Noushad: "Am I reading wrong..!! Darren or Dwayne..?"
Dwayne still rested, Darren a late addition to the squad about an hour ago.
Laks: "Tactically K.Pollard sitting out , for the entire series ? If it is just a niggle, sitting out for 5 games don't sound about right. Or is his injury more serious?" Well, yes, niggle is perhaps a bit unfair on him. Did seem a proper hamstring injury. Although it's perhaps out quite well for West Indies as it's tested their options.
7.00pm West Indies win the toss and will bat - Pooran gets his choice for the first time in the series
West Indies 1 Andre Fletcher, 2 Evin Lewis, 3 Chris Gayle, 4 Lendl Simmons, 5 Darren Bravo, 6 Nicholas Pooran (capt & wk), 7 Andre Russell, 8 Fabien Allen, 9 Hayden Walsh Jr, 10 Oshane Thomas, 11 Sheldon Cottrell
One change for West Indies with Darren Bravo coming into the side for Akeal Hosein
Australia 1 Aaron Finch, 2 Josh Philippe, 3 Mitchell Marsh, 4 Moises Henriques, 5 Alex Carey, 6 Matthew Wade (wk), 7 Mitchell Swepson, 8 AJ Tye, 9 Jason Behrendorff, 10 Adam Zampa, 11 Josh Hazlewood
Quite a few changes for Australia: Swepson, Tye, Philippe and Hazlewood are in. That's a bit of a tail they have. And a tweaked batting order
6.50pm Patrick: "Did the umpires make a mistake in game 4, when Dan Christian was given out LBW? The decision was overturned on review, and Australia weren't awarded a run, as the ball was presumably dead. Surely then Christian, rather than Mitchell Starc should have faced the next ball." I meant to double check that and didn't get round to it. I know the last ball of the game should have been a four not a six.
6.40pm Bit of late team news from West Indies. They have added Darren Bravo to their squad for this game. They are carrying a few injury niggles in their squad. Dwayne Bravo could also return having been rested the other day.
6.30pm Hello everyone and welcome to coverage of the final match of this series. Will it be West Indies or Australia finishing on a high? The previous game was terrific with Australia sealing it in the final over thanks to Mitchell Starc. Hopefully more of the same today. I'm Andrew McGlashan and along with Peter Della Penna will bring you the action.
To get set, here's the preview and also some thoughts from Adam Zampa on bowling against West Indies.
There's been plenty of action around the world today/yesterday (depending on your timezones) and you catch up with it all here: England vs Pakistan, Ireland vs South Africa and Zimbabwe vs Bangladesh
 Innings Start
West Indies win by 16 runs and take the series 4-1. Another solid all-round display from the home side. They were on track for a bigger total before they faded at the death and for a little while Australia gave the chase a good shake but they couldn't sustained it. Don't overlook the role played by Chris Gayle with the ball: 3-0-9-0. Plenty of the Australians made starts but couldn't kick on to match Evin Lewis' innings earlier in the evening. Very satisfying series for West Indies as they build towards the World Cup but, aside from the outstanding Mitchell Marsh, not a vast amount of gains for Australia.
Player of the Match is Evin Lewis. "I stayed still and watched the ball onto the bat. Always good to contribute to a win. I've been working extremely hard from 2017 to now. [This series] means a lot to me, when you score runs against these teams you feel very good. It's good for us, we have a lot of confidence going into Pakistan but want to keep playing smart cricket."
Aaron Finch. "Mitch Marsh stood out with his first opportunity at No. 3. Though the way we defended in the back 10 overs in this game was impressive and our Powerplay bowling has been pretty good in the other games. We just haven't backed it up with the bat. There's some guys there with not a huge amount of international experience so it can tough at times, not too critical of them, more experience at the top and we probably didn't do enough. Winning would have been nice but feel as though we have some more information.
Player of the Series is Hayden Walsh Jr. "This is very special, the first series back in West Indies colours. Relived all the hard work is paying off. When I get the opportunity I grabbed and ran with it. The guys are really happy to win this 4-1. We've been a little down against South Africa but the teamwork was really good coming into this series. [On the fielding crown] This series I'll hand it to him [Allen] and take the second.
Nicholas Pooran "Wonderful achievement not just myself but also the team. We wanted to come here and play proper cricket. Spin is very important, we know in T20 cricket legspinners are champs, you are also asking for wickets. We are very happy for Hayden, he works so hard and he's winning games for us. We'll take 4-1 and that has done a lot for West Indies cricket. Leadership is tough, especially when there's a lot of information to gather and you aren't sure what is best. I learnt different things. You have to have a thick skin and keep going forward. Can't single out anyone, there are so many leaders. Every meeting someone has positive to say. Trevor Penney has worked so much on our fielding. Allen took that catch and changed the game for us."
As the West Indies players gather with the trophy I'll wrap things up there for today. It's been an enjoyable series to bring to you. Myself and Peter will be back with you next week for the one-day series in Barbados but, for now, goodbye and thanks for joining us.
19.6;2;Walsh to Swepson, 2 runs short and pulled out to deep midwicket and that's that;
19.5;1;Walsh to Hazlewood, 1 run drags a slog sweep down the ground to long-on;
19.4;?;Walsh to Hazlewood, no run pushed wider outside off, driven along the ground to cover;
19.3;6;Walsh to Hazlewood, SIX runs and another! That's huge over long-on...Hazlewood is batting like Lara;
19.2;4;Walsh to Hazlewood, FOUR runs that's a very pleasing stroke from Hazlewood, lofted inside out over extra cover;
19.1;2;Walsh to Hazlewood, 2 runs slog sweep, big top edge, lands into space away from deep midwicket;
18.6;?;Cottrell to Swepson, no run swing and a miss outside off;
18.5;?;Cottrell to Swepson, no run another wide slower ball but Swepson has gone across outside off;
18.4;W;Cottrell to Swepson, 1 run, OUT length ball outside off, driven in the air over cover...Zampa is scampering to make his ground, and the the bat is over the line but in the air!. That's not great running technique from Zampa. Good throw from the deep by Walsh;Adam Zampa run out (Walsh/Cottrell) 0 (5m 0b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
18.3;?;Cottrell to Swepson, no run back of a length, straight, crunched back towards Cottrell who does well in his follow through;
18.3;1w;Cottrell to Swepson, 1 wide another wild delivery outside off, it's been a mixed bag at the end of the innings;
18.3;1w;Cottrell to Swepson, 1 wide a slower ball gets far too wide outside off;
18.2;W;Cottrell to Behrendorff, OUT simple catch at long-off...full outside off, lofted down the ground and Allen just had to stand there this time;Jason Behrendorff c Allen b Cottrell 5 (10m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 71.42;
18.1;?;Cottrell to Behrendorff, no run back of a length, slower ball, outside off, is through his shot far too early;
17.6;6;Walsh to Swepson, SIX runs clears long-off! That's a sweet hit from Swepson. Full outside off, he held his shape well as he swung through the line;
17.5;?;Walsh to Swepson, no run moves well outside leg stump, Walsh follows him and he can't get it away;
17.4;1;Walsh to Behrendorff, 1 run gets a thick inside edge past the stumps as he looks to drive;
17.3;1;Walsh to Swepson, 1 run uses his feet and drives down the ground to long-off;
17.2;?;Walsh to Swepson, no run pulled into midwicket;
17.1;2;Walsh to Swepson, 2 runs short of a length, a googly, swatted into the leg side;
16.6;?;Cottrell to Behrendorff, no run full and wide, swings and misses;
16.5;2;Cottrell to Behrendorff, 2 runs big full toss, heaved down the ground and short of long on;
16.4;2;Cottrell to Behrendorff, 2 runs makes contact with a drive down to long-off...has Swepson made it back for the second? Yep, he's safe;
16.3;?;Cottrell to Behrendorff, no run gets away with this one although it looked like another wide;
16.3;1w;Cottrell to Behrendorff, 1 wide and again, pitches beyond the cut strip and very wide outside off stump;
16.3;1w;Cottrell to Behrendorff, 1 wide very full and wide, a messy delivery;
16.2;W;Cottrell to Tye, OUT top edge, taken...goes with the short ball, rushes onto Tye as he tries to pull. Takes the glove/top edge and Pooran is able to scoot around;Andrew Tye c ?Pooran b Cottrell 15 (17m 8b 1x4 1x6) SR: 187.5;
16.1;1;Cottrell to Swepson, 1 run over the wicket, back of a length, leans back and runs to third man;
15.6;6;Russell to Tye, SIX runs and follows it with a six! Dropped in short, Tye pulls handsomely backward of square. Russel angry. A twist?;
15.5;4;Russell to Tye, FOUR runs a low full toss at the stumps, powered straight down the ground and splits the gap;
15.4;1;Russell to Swepson, 1 run steps to leg and angles down to third man;
15.3;W;Russell to Wade, OUT dragged on! That's should be the game. Full outside off, Wade aims into the leg side again, gets a thick inside edge into the base of off stump;Matthew Wade b Russell 26 (26m 18b 3x4 1x6) SR: 144.44;
15.2;6;Russell to Wade, SIX runs that's massive over the leg side...picks it up beautifully from outside off, whipped well back over deep square;
15.1;1;Russell to Tye, 1 run length ball outside off, he shuffles across and works down to long-on;
14.6;?;Gayle to Wade, no run a length ball angled in at the pads, can't get it away. Superb stuff from Gayle;
14.5;?;Gayle to Wade, no run another dot ball, another inside edge into the boot as he tries to drive;
14.4;?;Gayle to Wade, no run round the wicket, gets the yorker in, takes a thick inside edge into his boot;
14.3;1;Gayle to Tye, 1 run full and straight, swung to deep midwicket;
14.2;1;Gayle to Wade, 1 run drives a full toss down the ground;
14.1;1lb;Gayle to Tye, 1 leg bye full at the pads, swings to leg, rebounds away;
13.6;1;Russell to Tye, 1 run a short ball on leg stump, goes for a pull and gets a top edge or glove to fine leg;
13.5;2;Russell to Tye, 2 runs swings across the line of a straight delivery, gets an inside edge to fine leg...Russell appeals for lbw, was stone dead if he'd not hit it. But he did.;
13.4;1;Russell to Wade, 1 run full and very wide, 110kph, takes the toe end into the covers;
13.3;4;Russell to Wade, FOUR runs goes on side this time, drags a full delivery over mid-on, although not quite out of the middle;
13.2;?;Russell to Wade, no run full and wide outside off, drives over the top of it;
13.1;W;Russell to Carey, OUT straight up in the air, taken at long-off! That ends a painful stay for Carey. A slower ball, wide outside off, takes the toe of the bat as Carey aims down the ground;Alex Carey c Simmons b Russell 9 (19m 14b 1x4 0x6) SR: 64.28;
12.6;1;Gayle to Carey, 1 run fired in at leg stump, worked down the ground, just a single. Superb over from Gayle;
12.5;?;Gayle to Carey, no run another low full toss at the stumps, Carey goes for an awkward reverse sweep and finds cover;
12.4;?;Gayle to Carey, no run a low full toss is driven back to the bowler;
12.3;?;Gayle to Carey, no run fired in full outside leg stump, Carey moving outside leg, takes the pad...this is very good from Gayle;
12.2;1;Gayle to Wade, 1 run full at the pads, rebounds into the leg side;
12.1;1;Gayle to Carey, 1 run follows the batter with a full toss outside leg, driven to long-off;
11.6;?;Russell to Wade, no run back of a length, square drives and finds cover to his frustration;
11.5;4;Russell to Wade, FOUR runs power and placement! Full outside off, Wade drives in the air wide of mid-off;
11.4;1;Russell to Carey, 1 run full toss wide outside off, think Carey was always going leg side that ball as he fetches it out to deep midwicket;
11.3;?;Russell to Carey, no run beats him with a slower delivery, full outside off, well bowled;
11.2;1;Russell to Wade, 1 run stays on the stumps this time, drives a full delivery to deep cover;
11.1;4;Russell to Wade, FOUR runs great shot! Over the wicket, wide outside off, Wade walks right across the crease and scoops it over short fine leg;
10.6;1;Gayle to Wade, 1 run fired in at leg stump, worked out to deep midwicket. Very handy over from Gayle;
10.5;1;Gayle to Carey, 1 run full at the stumps, driven along the ground through the covers;
10.4;?;Gayle to Carey, no run goes for a sweep and doesn't make contact;
10.3;?;Gayle to Carey, no run takes the pad into the leg side;
10.2;1;Gayle to Wade, 1 run very full at off stump, dug out down the ground;
10.1;1;Gayle to Carey, 1 run driven through the off side;
9.6;?;Walsh to Wade, no run flighted full on middle and off, defended back to Walsh Jr.;
9.5;2;Walsh to Wade, 2 runs googly lands short on fourth stump, goes back to carve wide of the cover sweeper.;
9.4;W;Walsh to Carey, OUT Tremendous athleticism and reaction by Pooran! googly lands full on off, Carey tries to tip and run into short midwicket but Pooran is out from behind the stumps in a flash, scoops and fires at the striker's end from five yards away with a direct hit to catch Henriques three inches short of his ground.;Moises Henriques run out (?Pooran) 21 (25m 14b 3x4 0x6) SR: 150;
9.3;4;Walsh to Carey, FOUR runs another full ball down leg side, this time Carey does connect with the paddle sweep and tickles it past Pooran for a boundary.;
9.3;1w;Walsh to Carey, 1 wide flighted full down the leg side, goes to paddle sweep and misses, wide called.;
9.2;W;Walsh to Finch, OUT Sportscenter Top 10 Plays here comes Fabian Allen! Poor delivery from Walsh Jr as a knee high full toss on off stump, Finch tries to muscle this back over the non-striker's head aiming for the long-on rope. But Fabian Allen puts on his Superman cape and charges 30 yards to his left from wide long-on and flings himself to take this one-handed with his left hand while sliding to the turf. For anyone who remembers the one-handed catch he took in the CPL in Lauderhill, Florida back in 2016 as a sub fielder, this was a carbon copy of that but instead of taking it square of the wicket as a sweeper he's taken this at long-on.;Aaron Finch c Allen b Walsh 34 (39m 23b 6x4 0x6) SR: 147.82;
9.1;2;Walsh to Finch, 2 runs googly lands short on sixth stump, Finch cuts this fine behind point for a pair.;
8.6;1;Allen to Finch, 1 run full and flat on sixth stump, opens the face to guide this wide of Bravo at short third man for one.;
8.5;1;Allen to Henriques, 1 run full on fourth stump, driven down the ground for one.;
8.4;?;Allen to Henriques, no run short and wide on sixth stump, cuts firmly to Walsh Jr at backward point who makes a leaping acrobatic one-handed stop with his left hand.;
8.3;1;Allen to Finch, 1 run full on fifth stump, uses his feet to flick behind square leg for one.;
8.2;?;Allen to Finch, no run full on sixth stump, Finch goes to drive through extra cover and toe jams this into the ground dribbling to Pooran.;
8.1;1;Allen to Henriques, 1 run full on off, punched to long-off.;
7.6;1;Walsh to Henriques, 1 run googly lands short on fourth stump and spins in, Henriques shuffles to get in line and punches straight to long-on.;
7.5;4;Walsh to Henriques, FOUR runs full and wide on seventh stump, plenty of width for Henriques to get on one knee and shovel this high over wide mid-off, sails to the boundary.;
7.4;1;Walsh to Finch, 1 run good length ball on off stump, prods this into the covers for one.;
7.3;1;Walsh to Henriques, 1 run full on middle and leg, drives straight to long-on.;
7.3;1w;Walsh to Henriques, 1 wide full and down leg, goes to sweep and misses, wide called.;
7.2;1lb;Walsh to Finch, 1 leg bye full on the legs, goes to sweep and it comes off the pads past Pooran down leg.;
7.1;1;Walsh to Henriques, 1 run back of a length on fourth stump, punches this off the back foot toward extra cover.;
6.6;4;Thomas to Finch, FOUR runs slower ball wide yorker, Finch charges to convert this to a shin height full toss on seventh stump and skids it off a thick toe edge along the ground wide of Pooran again to the third man rope.;
6.5;4;Thomas to Finch, FOUR runs rib high full toss, Finch opens the face to run this wide of third man for a boundary. Very fortunate not to be called a no ball on height. It was well over waist height. Huge miss by both umpires really. It was obvious enough to have been called by the standing umpire.;
6.4;?;Thomas to Finch, no run full on off, defended.;
6.3;4;Thomas to Finch, FOUR runs edge! Half-volley on sixth stump, Finch is late driving at this 136 kph delivery, Pooran flings himself to his right and it looks like it goes just inches past his glove to the third man rope. Poor footwork. Did not move until very very late for the ball after being stuck flat-footed.;
6.2;?;Thomas to Finch, no run length ball on seventh stump, Finch goes back to punch and fans at this 140 kph delivery.;
6.1;1;Thomas to Henriques, 1 run full and wide at 139 kph, driven square to the point sweeper.;
5.6;?;Allen to Finch, no run quicker ball darted full on the legs, can't flick this away off the pads.;
5.5;4;Allen to Finch, FOUR runs back of a length on off stump, Finch backs away to create room to punch through extra cover and teases the fielder chasing from the ring to the rope.;
5.4;1;Allen to Henriques, 1 run good length ball on fourth stump, shuffles across again to flick into midwicket.;
5.3;4;Allen to Henriques, FOUR runs full on the legs again, shuffles way across and sweeps this with a thick top edge, maybe more of a scoop if you're being generous to Henriques, and sends it over fine leg one bounce over the rope.;
5.2;?;Allen to Henriques, no run fuller on leg stump, Henriques shuffles across to flick and misses, big lbw shout denied. They opt against a review.;
5.1;4;Allen to Henriques, FOUR runs uses his feet to a good length ball on leg stump, goes inside out with a lofted drive over wide mid-off.;
4.6;4;Russell to Finch, FOUR runs yikes! Tries for another yorker at 132 kph, sprayed down the leg side as a full toss at knee height, the umpire deems Finch feathered this past Pooran with a fine tickle. Looked to me like it was just prodigious swing that took it past Pooran and on another day may have been given as five wides. Replays show he might have got a faint glove on that.;
4.5;?;Russell to Finch, no run yorker on off stump, jammed out at 139 kph into Finch's feet.;
4.4;1;Russell to Henriques, 1 run knee high full toss on off stump at 134 kph, Henriques still getting his eye in or that could've gone for six. Instead he taps it gently to wide long-on.;
4.3;1;Russell to Finch, 1 run yorker on middle at 135 kph, flicked out to deep midwicket.;
4.2;1;Russell to Henriques, 1 run low full toss on the stumps, driven along the ground to long-on.;
4.1;W;Russell to Marsh, OUT what a sharp return take! It was going to take something special to remove Marsh and Russell conjures it up! Not a good delivery from Russell, in truth a half-volley on off stump that Marsh creamed but sent it back to Russell at waist height on his left hip. Pure reaction catch but Russell had his hands at the right height ending his follow-through and barely had to move them to pouch this.;Mitchell Marsh c & b Russell 30 (13m 15b 5x4 1x6) SR: 200;
3.6;2;Allen to Finch, 2 runs full on leg stump, Finch backs away to create room to drive straight past the non-striker and Russell has a lot of work to do from wide long-on to cut it off for two.;
3.5;4;Allen to Finch, FOUR runs quicker ball darted in too flat and short on fifth stump at 102 kph, Finch carves this behind point in the gap for a boundary.;
3.4;1;Allen to Marsh, 1 run full on leg stump again, this time Marsh stays upright and plays an on-drive to long-on.;
3.3;?;Allen to Marsh, no run darted flat and full on the legs, goes for an awkward slog sweep and misses off the pads.;
3.2;4;Allen to Marsh, FOUR runs short on off stump, backs away to clobber a drive through extra cover to the rope.;
3.1;1;Allen to Finch, 1 run good length ball on leg stump, Finch backs well away from leg stump to create room to slap this wide of mid-off for one.;
2.6;?;Cottrell to Marsh, no run overpitched on fifth stump, scuffs a drive back to mid-off.;
2.5;4;Cottrell to Marsh, FOUR runs in the slot on seventh stump at 129 kph, free width for Marsh to plant the front foot and slam this through wide mid-off sizzling to the rope.;
2.4;?;Cottrell to Marsh, no run back of a length on fourth stump, guides this off the back foot to short third man.;
2.3;?;Cottrell to Marsh, no run back of a length on off stump, cramped for room trying to cut and picks out backward point.;
2.2;4;Cottrell to Marsh, FOUR runs short on the stumps, sits up again for Marsh to hammer a pull flat over midwicket to the rope.;
2.1;2;Cottrell to Marsh, 2 runs missed runout! Back of a length ball guided with soft hands behind point to short third man. Darren Bravo attacks and fires a one-bounce throw at the stumps with Finch five yards short of his ground at the striker's end calling Marsh through for a suicide single. The throw is wide, and so bad that they take an extra on an overthrow.;
1.6;?;Thomas to Finch, no run short and wide at 135 kph, slaps a cut to extra cover. Another poor ball but Finch can't punish it like it deserved to be.;
1.5;1;Thomas to Marsh, 1 run back of a length on sixth stump at 140 kph, chops an attempted cut into the ground and dribbles well short of backward point to allow an easy single.;
1.4;4;Thomas to Marsh, FOUR runs half-volley on sixth stump now at 139 kph, Marsh flays an aerial drive through the gap in the covers. Thomas is spraying it both sides of the wicket. Impossible to set a field here.;
1.3;4;Thomas to Marsh, FOUR runs leg stump half-volley, too easy for Marsh to flick over the ring and bounces twice into the midwicket rope.;
1.2;6;Thomas to Marsh, SIX runs length ball on fifth stump at 135 kph, it sits up for Marsh to whack handsomely over midwicket for a six just short of the grass embankment. Some way to get off the mark!;
1.1;?;Thomas to Marsh, no run good length ball at 131 kph on off stump, defended.;
0.6;W;Cottrell to Philippe, OUT bangs it in short again on fifth stump, the extra bounce climbs on Philippe trying to pull over midwicket and a top edge swirls over the ring at midwicket. Simmons settles under this and takes it casually with his palms facing into his chest. Cottrell breaks out the military salute for the first time on the night.;Josh Philippe c Simmons b Cottrell 0 (7m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
0.6;5w;Cottrell to Philippe, 5 wide bouncer over off stump at 134 kph, sails way over Pooran to the rope. Umpire at square leg unsurprisingly signals wide to make it five and the over continues...;
0.6;1w;Cottrell to Philippe, 1 wide inswinger down the leg side again. Another extra.;
0.5;?;Cottrell to Philippe, no run full on fifth stump, no swing for the first time on this 132 kph delivery, driven firmly to mid-off.;
0.4;1;Cottrell to Finch, 1 run inswinger full on off again at 132 kph, Finch drives this off an inside edge through square leg.;
0.4;1w;Cottrell to Finch, 1 wide another inswinger but down the leg side at 131 kph, Finch tries to whip over square leg but it's well out of reach and a bonus run and ball will come.;
0.3;?;Cottrell to Finch, no run full inswinger again on off stump at 136 kph, flicked to Simmons at midwicket.;
0.2;1lb;Cottrell to Philippe, 1 leg bye inswinger on a good length on the legs at 131 kph, misses a flick and it comes off the pads into midwicket for an extra.;
0.1;?;Cottrell to Philippe, no run full inswinger on off stump at 129 kph, jammed out to midwicket.;

Chase ready to get underway. Gayle is at slip for Sheldon Cottrell. Finch is out there with Philippe, who is on strike.
 Innings Start
West Indies
Australia
5th T20I (N), Gros Islet, Jul 16 2021, Australia tour of West Indies
199/8
183/9
Player of the match is Evin Lewis, WI
West Indies won by 16 runs
