Data
Australia pulling things back in the last couple of overs but it wasn't exactly sensational death bowling. The low full tosses weren't put away and Yuvraj's fall at the start of the 20th over didn't help. But the pleasing aspect is that Yuvraj has found form and taken India to a competitive total. We don't know how bad the dew is. This promises to be a good chase. Join us shortly.
19.6;1lb;Watson to Bhuvneshwar, 1 leg bye another low full toss and they fail to put it away, clips the pads and rolls to the off side;
19.5;W;Watson to Ashwin, OUT soft dismissal, Ashwin went down the pitch and failed to put away a full toss, the ball drops on the pitch but they run anyway, Jadeja was never going to beat Watson to it, he charges at the stumps and removes the bails;Ravindra Jadeja run out (Watson) 3 (9m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
19.4;2;Watson to Ashwin, 2 runs Free Hit: Ashwin takes guard miles outside leg, he can only place it to the deep on the leg side for a couple;
19.4;1nb;Watson to Ashwin, (no ball) it's an overstep! From round the wicket, low full toss and Ashwin misses out by edging it to the pads, he has another chance with the Free hit;
19.3;1;Watson to Jadeja, 1 run low and wide full toss, he had to reach out, placed it to third man;
19.2;2;Watson to Jadeja, 2 runs good stop by Starc at deep cover, low full toss driven firmly in that direction, Starc timed his dive well;
19.1;W;Watson to Yuvraj, OUT Yuvraj fails to last till the end but he'll go back feeling very satisfied nevertheless, this was pitched up outside off, he scoops this straight to Maxwell at long-off, a bit more on it and he would have cleared the rope;Yuvraj Singh c Maxwell b Watson 60 (61m 43b 5x4 4x6) SR: 139.53;
18.6;1lb;Starc to Yuvraj, 1 leg bye another low full toss he fails to put away, this was swinging in, looked an inside edge to the pads;
18.5;?;Starc to Yuvraj, no run that was another full toss, failed to cash in, made room and the ball gets the bottom edge;
18.4;1lb;Starc to Jadeja, 1 leg bye misses out on a low full toss, flicks it to square leg;
18.3;W;Starc to Dhoni, OUT Starc comes round the wicket to Dhoni and fires that on the stumps, Dhoni made room to clear cover and missed, the ball hits the middle stump;MS Dhoni b Starc 24 (36m 20b 1x4 1x6) SR: 120;
18.2;1;Starc to Yuvraj, 1 run gets away with a full toss, this was a high full toss close to the waist, he mistimes it wide of midwicket and Yuvraj gestures to the umpire that it may have been high;
18.2;1w;Starc to Yuvraj, 1 wide Starc loses control of that and fires it wide down the leg side;
18.1;1;Starc to Dhoni, 1 run comes round the wicket and fires it full, drills it down to long-off;
17.6;?;Watson to Yuvraj, no run he follows that up with a yorker wide outside off, tries to dig it out but misses;
17.5;4;Watson to Yuvraj, FOUR runs taking Watson to the cleaners, he bangs it in short down the leg side, he swivels and hooks over the keeper, 16 off the over;
17.4;6;Watson to Yuvraj, SIX runs makes a fitting statement as he gets to his fifty! It was a full toss, he bends and whips it over deep square leg, effortless;
17.4;1w;Watson to Yuvraj, 1 wide nearly gave it away there by chasing a wide one, nearly caught the toe of the bat;
17.3;4;Watson to Yuvraj, FOUR runs bangs it in short, Yuvraj was quick on his feet, swiveled and was ready for the hook early, just short of the rope at fine leg;
17.2;?;Watson to Yuvraj, no run this was a yorker fired outside, tries to dig it out but misses;
17.1;1;Watson to Dhoni, 1 run Watson comes round the wicket, this was a low full toss clipped to deep square leg;
16.6;6;Starc to Yuvraj, SIX runs he's back in form alright! That six was evidence, this was fast and pitched up, he makes room and sends it soaring miles in the air, clears long-off comfortably;
16.5;?;Starc to Yuvraj, no run full outside off and he drills this straight to cover;
16.4;4;Starc to Yuvraj, FOUR runs Maxwell fumbles! This was a low full toss swinging in, clipped away wide of midwicket, Maxwell makes ground to his left at deep midwicket and he gets a hand to it and fumbles;
16.3;1;Starc to Dhoni, 1 run;
16.3;1w;Starc to Dhoni, 1 wide he drifts wide down the leg side;
16.2;6;Starc to Dhoni, SIX runs Dhoni takes the photographer down at fine leg! This was banged in short from round the wicket, swivels and pulls and a photographer from Kolkata tries to evade it and he falls backwards, taking the camera with him, all's well!;
16.1;1;Starc to Yuvraj, 1 run swinging in on the pads and he clips it straight to fine leg;
13.6;2;Muirhead to Dhoni, 2 runs this was short and flat and cut away wide of backward point, Warner has some work to do to mop up and he does well at the deep point;
13.5;1;Muirhead to Yuvraj, 1 run a bit early on the sweep but he manages to check his shot and place it to deep square leg;
13.4;1;Muirhead to Dhoni, 1 run flatter delivery on the leg stump and he clips it to midwicket;
13.3;1;Muirhead to Yuvraj, 1 run he goes back and punches it to the off side;
13.2;6;Muirhead to Yuvraj, SIX runs another short ball murdered! This is terrible bowling, flat and sits up for Yuvraj to pull this over long-on;
13.1;6;Muirhead to Yuvraj, SIX runs more typical Yuvraj this time! This was a short ball, deserved to be spanked, he rocked back and bludgeons it several rows over deep midwicket;
12.6;?;Hodge to Dhoni, no run tossed up and he comes forward and defends;
12.5;2lb;Hodge to Dhoni, 2 leg byes bowled from wide of the crease round the wicket, pitches outside leg and clips the pads, optimistic shout for lbw, they sneak in two leg byes;
12.4;?;Hodge to Dhoni, no run nudged off the pads to the on side;
12.4;1w;Hodge to Dhoni, 1 wide tossed up down the leg side and wide called;
12.3;1;Hodge to Yuvraj, 1 run goes back and clips it against the turn;
12.2;4;Hodge to Yuvraj, FOUR runs hitting against the turn and well! Tossed up outside off and he comes down the track, adjusts his shot and whips it wide of midwicket, long-on gives up;
12.1;?;Hodge to Yuvraj, no run tossed up outside off and he gets forward and drives to the off side;
15.6;2;Bollinger to Dhoni, 2 runs this was banged in short and he swivels and pulls him down to deep square leg for a couple;
15.5;4;Bollinger to Dhoni, FOUR runs clears the infield, this was sprayed a bit too wide, he reached out and launched it over mid-off;
15.4;2;Bollinger to Dhoni, 2 runs skids through and he's still rooted to the back foot, clipped to fine leg;
15.3;?;Bollinger to Dhoni, no run fails to out away a low full toss, fetched from outside off and swatted back to the bowler;
15.2;2;Bollinger to Dhoni, 2 runs that was miscued but safe, Dhoni rocked back to pull in front of square, drops well in front of long-on, there was a fumble and Yuvraj was quick for the second;
15.1;?;Bollinger to Dhoni, no run Dhoni was looking to send that to the roof over long-on but missed it completely;
14.6;1;Watson to Dhoni, 1 run skidded through and Dhoni was on the backfoot, managed to flick it very late;
14.6;3w;Watson to Dhoni, 3 wide wide down the leg side and Haddin fails to gather it, costs Australia more runs;
14.6;1w;Watson to Dhoni, 1 wide low full toss but really wide outside the off stump, doesn't chase it;
14.5;1;Watson to Yuvraj, 1 run this was a low full toss wide outside the off stump and he drives to deep cover;
14.4;1lb;Watson to Dhoni, 1 leg bye another short one and he was too early on the pull, ended up gloving it towards the keeper;
14.3;?;Watson to Dhoni, no run tucks him up for room as he punches it to cover;
14.2;1;Watson to Yuvraj, 1 run surprised him with a short delivery and he ended up swatting it to midwicket, not timed;
14.1;?;Watson to Yuvraj, no run brilliantly stopped at short cover, Yuvraj was forward for a booming cover drive, the fielder was alert;
11.6;1;Maxwell to Yuvraj, 1 run flatter delivery and he sweeps him down to deep square leg;
11.5;1;Maxwell to Dhoni, 1 run continues round the wicket to Dhoni, he goes back and punches it to long-off;
11.4;1;Maxwell to Yuvraj, 1 run he goes back at the crease and clips it to the on side;
11.3;W;Maxwell to Raina, OUT finds long-on! India have lost the form batsman, he went down the track and looked to clear long-on but didn't get the elevation, easy catch for Finch;Suresh Raina c Finch b Maxwell 6 (11m 10b 0x4 0x6) SR: 60;
11.2;1;Maxwell to Yuvraj, 1 run flatter delivery and he turns it to square leg;
11.1;1;Maxwell to Raina, 1 run he goes back and punches it to the off side;
10.6;?;Bollinger to Yuvraj, no run this was drifting on the pads and Yuvraj fails to make contact, should have put that away;
10.5;?;Bollinger to Yuvraj, no run that bouncer had Yuvraj in a tangle, he arched backwards and decided rather late to play the upper cut, not far from the edge, half appeal from Bollinger, Haddin wasn't sure;
10.4;?;Bollinger to Yuvraj, no run Yuvraj slips on the pitch again and survives..again, he taps this to the off side, sets off for a quick run and slips and falls, scampers back and luckily for him the throw was wide;
10.3;4;Bollinger to Yuvraj, FOUR runs that should give Yuvraj a lot of self belief, this was a half volley outside off, he stays at the crease, doesn't stretch too far forward and times it well wide of cover;
10.2;1;Bollinger to Raina, 1 run swings it towards the pads and he gently flicks it to square leg;
10.1;?;Bollinger to Raina, no run punches it down the track and Bollinger picks up and nearly flings it back;
9.6;1;Maxwell to Raina, 1 run stays back and clips it to the leg side;
9.5;1;Maxwell to Yuvraj, 1 run gets forward and chips it down to midwicket, checkec his shot;
9.4;?;Maxwell to Yuvraj, no run tossed up and he gets forward to defend;
9.3;1;Maxwell to Raina, 1 run dropped by Maxwell but a tough one, he was down the track and scooped it to Maxwell's right, he got a hand to it;
9.2;1;Maxwell to Yuvraj, 1 run flatter one and he goes on the back foot and punches it wide of cover;
9.1;1;Maxwell to Raina, 1 run skids through and he stays back and punches it to the off side;
8.6;?;Bollinger to Yuvraj, no run he stays beside the line and punches it to the off side;
8.5;1;Bollinger to Raina, 1 run he really banged this in short and Raina was quickly on the back foot to pull;
8.4;?;Bollinger to Raina, no run he stays back and knocks it to the on side;
8.3;?;Bollinger to Raina, no run fullish on the stumps and defended down the track;
8.2;W;Bollinger to Rahane, OUT Rahane had steered quite a few to third man with success earlier but he wasn't so lucky this time, Bollinger got a nice angle across the right-hander, Rahane looked to guide this to third man, cramped for room and outside edge easily taken by the keeper;Ajinkya Rahane c ?Haddin b Bollinger 19 (34m 16b 2x4 0x6) SR: 118.75;
8.1;1;Bollinger to Yuvraj, 1 run good length outside off and he taps it wide of point;
7.6;1;Maxwell to Yuvraj, 1 run works it to short fine leg;
7.5;?;Maxwell to Yuvraj, no run gets forward and defends this one;
7.4;?;Maxwell to Yuvraj, no run almost a run out! Yuvraj clips it to the on side and sets off and slips, Rahane was off the blocks quickly and had to quickly turn around, luckily the bowler couldn't gather the ball in time;
7.3;?;Maxwell to Yuvraj, no run he looked to flick a shorter one and played all around it, sign of a man out of form;
7.2;?;Maxwell to Yuvraj, no run gets forward and pushes it to the off side;
7.1;?;Maxwell to Yuvraj, no run close call for Yuvi! He was looking to sweep but the extra turn and bounce saved the batsman, would have missed the off stump;
6.6;1;Muirhead to Yuvraj, 1 run goes back and clips it with the turn to square leg;
6.5;1;Muirhead to Rahane, 1 run good turn for Muirhead, he stays back and punches it to the off side;
6.4;2;Muirhead to Rahane, 2 runs great stop by Starc, this was bowled flatter and Rahane did well to cut with the turn, Starc made lots of ground to his right at deep point and pulled it back;
6.3;1;Muirhead to Yuvraj, 1 run a loosener to get off the mark, a half tracker on the leg stump and he swivels and pulls but deep square-leg's there;
6.2;W;Muirhead to Kohli, OUT Muirhead strikes second ball! He isn't afraid to toss this up, draws Kohli out of the crease and he lofts down the ground, he can't clear long-off though, taken by White at the edge of the circle;Virat Kohli c White b Muirhead 23 (23m 22b 2x4 1x6) SR: 104.54;
6.1;2;Muirhead to Kohli, 2 runs tossed up by Muirhead and he gets an inside edge to the leg side;
5.6;?;Bollinger to Rahane, no run Rahane doesn't get the third man steer right this time, cramped for room and he ends up chopping it to the keeper;
5.5;4;Bollinger to Rahane, FOUR runs goes the other way this time, this was dragged too short, the bounce was just alright for him to rock back and pull wide of square leg;
5.4;1;Bollinger to Kohli, 1 run third man is the most favored location, once again opens the face of the bat and gently steers it there, time for a slip?;
5.3;?;Bollinger to Kohli, no run he stays back at the crease and clips it to midwicket;
5.2;1;Bollinger to Rahane, 1 run he gets forward, opens the face of the bat and steers it to third man;
5.1;1;Bollinger to Kohli, 1 run good running, he stays back and knocks it to the on side and sets off quickly;
4.6;1;Starc to Kohli, 1 run this was shorter outside off and he stays beside the line and places it to deep point;
4.5;1;Starc to Rahane, 1 run he opens the face of the bat at the last minute and guides it to third man;
4.4;?;Starc to Rahane, no run comes down a few paces and flicks a full delivery on the pads to square leg, well stopped by Warner;
4.4;1w;Starc to Rahane, 1 wide he fires this wide down the leg side, tries to flick;
4.3;?;Starc to Rahane, no run low full toss swinging in and clipped straight to square leg;
4.2;4;Starc to Rahane, FOUR runs Rahane uses his feet this time, Starc's predictable with his line, down the track and smashes it wide of mid-off and cover;
4.1;?;Starc to Rahane, no run that was too wide outside off and not called, Rahane couldn't help chasing it;
3.6;2;Watson to Kohli, 2 runs this was smacked hard onto the pitch and had enough mileage to whizz past Watson, long-off's there to cut it off;
3.5;?;Watson to Kohli, no run good length outside off and he fails to make contact on the cut;
3.4;4;Watson to Kohli, FOUR runs stylishly flicked away, this was pitched up on off stump and he clipped that easily over mid-on and midwicket;
3.3;?;Watson to Kohli, no run this was bowled on a yorker length outside off, fails to connect on the drive and the bat hits the ground;
3.2;?;Watson to Kohli, no run the intent was there when he made a hint of room, ended up punching it straight to cover, nicely timed;
3.1;1;Watson to Rahane, 1 run this was fullish on the pads and flicked away to mid-on;
2.6;?;Starc to Kohli, no run makes a bit of room and comes down a few paces and checks his shot, places it to third man;
2.5;?;Starc to Kohli, no run fullish outside off and he mistimes it to cover;
2.4;?;Starc to Kohli, no run gets away with another full and wide one this time, reaches out and places it to cover;
2.3;4;Starc to Kohli, FOUR runs he chases a really wide one, this was too wide outside off, gets the toe of the bat and still races to third man;
2.2;3;Starc to Rahane, 3 runs nicely timed, he fetches this from outside off and with a gentle flick of the wrists works it wide of mid-on;
2.1;?;Starc to Rahane, no run full outside off and he pushes it to mid-off;
1.6;6;Maxwell to Kohli, SIX runs that came out of nowhere! After a few quiet deliveries Kohli gets on his knee and slogs him high and quick over deep midwicket, tremendous bat speed there;
1.5;?;Maxwell to Kohli, no run pushed through quicker and he drives to the off side;
1.4;?;Maxwell to Kohli, no run he stays back and punches it to the on side;
1.4;1w;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 wide he fires this wide down the leg side;
1.3;1;Maxwell to Rahane, 1 run this was pushed through far quicker and he pushes it to long-on;
1.2;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run he goes back and punches it with the turn to long-on and jogs the single;
1.1;?;Maxwell to Kohli, no run flatter one and Maxwell clips it to the leg side;
0.6;1;Hodge to Kohli, 1 run low full toss and he forces it down to long-on;
0.5;?;Hodge to Kohli, no run quicker one and he punches it to the on side;
0.4;W;Hodge to Rohit Sharma, OUT Hodge has the last laugh against Rohit! Very soft dismissal, tossed up outside off, Rohit aims to clear cover, he gets an outside edge that tamely lobs up to point;Rohit Sharma c Muirhead b Hodge 5 (1m 3b 1x4 0x6) SR: 166.66;
0.3;1;Hodge to Rahane, 1 run he goes on the backfoot and punches it to cover and sets off;
0.2;1;Hodge to Rohit Sharma, 1 run slower through the air and pushed to the off side;
0.1;4;Hodge to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs that had 'smash me' written all over it... half tracker down the leg side, easy whip for Rohit to deep square leg;

Brad Hodge has the ball already.
Another opinion on the team selection.. Dhairyesh Kanan: "The purpose of playing Rahane can be two fold here. He could also play in place of Yuvraj if Yuvi doesn't find form! Also, Rahane gets a match practice. Master stroke by Indian captain!"
Also read this interesting piece by Sidharth Monga on the trend of certain bowlers wearing half sleeve shirts.
Shawn: "So instead of giving Dhawan another go to increase his confidence (which has been visibly shaken recently), They 'rest' him? Well.. These are the little tricks that India miss out and regret later. "
Dev: "I don't understand why Yuvraj is given so many chances and Shikhar has been sacked. I feel that there is quite a bit of favoritism at play in chosing the team." I don't think it's fair to say Dhawan was 'sacked'. It's a dead rubber, time to give players a rest, try out Rahane.
Dave Townsend: "That cheerful chappie Faulkner dropped? If he would play as well as he talks..."
Rix: "Australia one of the worst balanced sides? Whose propaganda have you been reading? This team just thrashed SA, England and NZ in lead up series. A couple of lose losses does not change the fact that they are one of he best teams here. That's just T 20 cricket."
Toss: Dhoni has finally lost a toss! Bailey says Australia will bowl first. One change for Australia - White in for James Faulkner.
Dhoni says he too would have batted first, for it gives India a chance to set a target. India have chased well. Two changes for India - Shikhar Dhawan gets a rest and Ajinkya Rahane comes in. Mohit Sharma takes Mohammad Shami's place.
Baily still said "it's a very important game for Australia." For a team that has been knocked out you may wonder why, but the intent is to leave Bangladesh on a high.
Prasanna S: "What a horror for Australia, to play 2 dead rubber games, hope this will help their quest to invest more in quality spinners which will be a key to win in these conditions, not sure why their best spinner Lyon is not in the T20 plans."
Sandeep Hans: "Where is Steven Smith? He is a natural for T20s and a leg spinner. This WT20 is best for spinners, especially leg break and googly bowlers."
What should have been the biggest drawcard of the weekend has been reduced to a dead rubber. With Bangladesh having lost just a few minutes ago, Australia are out of the tournament. India are already through to the final four so for them it's a chance to finish on top of the group. That's what's in it (or not) for India and Australia today.
Read the preview of this game before we get on the toss.
Mark: "India should increase Australia's woe and solidify even more their status as favourites to win the tournament. Probably the best balanced side in the competition against one of the worst balanced. Australia's one hope is to win the toss and chase and, even then, it probably won't be enough. India should feast on the Australian variations of medium pace, while having plenty of spin and seam with which to counter."
 Innings Start
End of match: India top the group ahead of the semi-finals. Australia played like a team with little motivation, having already been knocked out. Having said that, they were tied down by really good bowling. The opening spell by Bhuvneshwar and Mohit really tied Australia down. They bowled straight and with Dhoni standing up, the batsmen were well and truly stifled. It opened things up for the spinners. Australia tried to slog their way out of trouble but more often than not it cost them wickets.
Ashwin is the Man of the Match: "Thought 160 was just above par. You have to cut the width for the right-hander, the line I'm bowling is not too wide outside off. We were stretched quite a bit while batting but we're playing well the way we are."
The captains interviews will follow. With all due credit to Ashwin, was expecting Yuvraj to be the Man of the Match.
Bailey: "I don't think we've been fans of the way we've been playing. Lack of game sense on a number of occasions. Not much turn more than what you would expect. Hopefully we can play well against the host nation."
Dhoni: "We all know what kind of a player Yuvi is. I think this format ideally suits it (getting back into form). He decided to give himself time to play himself in. In the middle overs he wasn't able to rotate but in the end overs we knew the firepower we had. Rahane opens in difficult conditions. This also gives Shikhar some free time to think about his game so both players will benefit. Today there was no dew at all. We need a day's rest. Soccer is something the boys really love so we might come back and play. We play so much cricket all round the year so it's difficult to get the guys to come out and train all the time so soccer is something they enjoy to get fit."
So a slightly early end to the evening. That's it from us here. Thanks for your company. Two more games tomorrow. Cheers!
16.2;W;Ashwin to Muirhead, OUT Dhoni takes the catch to complete the mauling, tossed up by Ashwin an.d Muirhead made room to cut, thick outside edge and Dhoni knew it;James Muirhead c ?Dhoni b Ashwin 3 (6m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 42.85;
16.1;?;Ashwin to Muirhead, no run the carrom ball, didn't pick it and he chops it to the off side;
15.6;1;Mishra to Muirhead, 1 run goes back and punches it down the ground to long-on;
15.5;?;Mishra to Muirhead, no run the sharp googly, he goes back and cuts against the turn;
15.4;1;Mishra to Bollinger, 1 run punches it back to the bowler but wide of him, would have been a great catch;
15.3;1;Mishra to Muirhead, 1 run gets forward and pushes it to the off side;
15.2;W;Mishra to Hodge, OUT another slog, another wicket, gets on his knee and plays against the turn, two men converge but Jadeja hangs on;Brad Hodge c Jadeja b Mishra 13 (19m 18b 0x4 0x6) SR: 72.22;
15.1;2;Mishra to Hodge, 2 runs;
14.6;?;Jadeja to Muirhead, no run;
14.5;1;Jadeja to Hodge, 1 run;
14.4;1;Jadeja to Muirhead, 1 run;
14.3;W;Jadeja to Hodge, OUT Appeal for a run out and Starc's in trouble! Hodge worked this to point and set off but Starc had to hurry, the throw was to the keeper and the LED in the stumps lit up before Dhoni could gather and whip the bails, even when he broke the bails Starc was short of his ground so he was indeed out, the flashlight made it confusing though;Mitchell Starc run out (Raina/?Dhoni) 2 (4m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
14.2;1;Jadeja to Starc, 1 run fires that fuller and flatter and clipped behind square;
14.1;1;Jadeja to Hodge, 1 run swivels and pulls him to fine leg;
13.6;1;Mishra to Hodge, 1 run gives it a bit more air and he drills it to deep cover;
13.5;1;Mishra to Starc, 1 run flatter one and he drills it down the ground;
13.4;?;Mishra to Starc, no run;
13.3;?;Mishra to Starc, no run he stays back and punches it down the track;
13.2;W;Mishra to Haddin, OUT yet another Australian perishes to the slog! This time it's Haddin trying to slog against the turn and it's miscued towards deep square leg, Bhubi holds on;Brad Haddin c Rahane b Mishra 6 (8m 8b 1x4 0x6) SR: 75;
13.1;1;Mishra to Hodge, 1 run slightly shorter and he pushes it to deep cover;
12.6;?;Jadeja to Haddin, no run gets forward and drives back to the bowler;
12.5;?;Jadeja to Haddin, no run looks to cut but misses;
12.4;?;Jadeja to Haddin, no run;
12.3;4;Jadeja to Haddin, FOUR runs tossed up on middle and leg, he lofts down the ground and didn't look in control, placed it wide of long-on;
12.2;?;Jadeja to Haddin, no run tossed up and he gets forward and defends;
12.1;1;Jadeja to Hodge, 1 run flatter one and he clips it to the on side;
11.6;1;Mishra to Hodge, 1 run good running again, pushes at it with soft hands towards cover and calls early;
11.5;1;Mishra to Haddin, 1 run gets forward and pushes it to the off side;
11.4;1;Mishra to Hodge, 1 run gets forward and takes an easy single to point;
11.3;?;Mishra to Hodge, no run gets forward and drives him to the off side;
11.2;1;Mishra to Haddin, 1 run pushes a full one down to long-on;
11.1;1;Mishra to Hodge, 1 run Mishra starts off with a short one, pulled in front of square;
10.6;1;Jadeja to Hodge, 1 run rocks back and cuts down to point;
10.5;?;Jadeja to Hodge, no run comes forward and punches it to the off side;
10.4;?;Jadeja to Hodge, no run gets forward and punches it to the off side;
10.3;W;Jadeja to Bailey, OUT the captain goes, Bailey tries to clear the rope again but perishes, this was tossed on middle and he slogged but found deep midwicket;George Bailey c Kohli b Jadeja 8 (10m 10b 0x4 1x6) SR: 80;
10.2;6;Jadeja to Bailey, SIX runs straight! Tossed up by Jadeja, Bailey makes room and comes down the wicket and lofts him over long-off;
10.1;1;Jadeja to Hodge, 1 run tucked away to the leg side;
9.6;?;Ashwin to Bailey, no run beaten again, this is good bowling and the pressure really telling on Australia;
9.5;?;Ashwin to Bailey, no run he looks to cut but misses;
9.4;?;Ashwin to Bailey, no run;
9.3;1;Ashwin to Hodge, 1 run pushes a full delivery to mid-on;
9.2;?;Ashwin to Hodge, no run tossed up and he gets forward to defend;
9.1;W;Ashwin to Maxwell, OUT freak dismissal for Maxwell! Ashwin comes round the wicket, Maxwell gets cheeky and looks to play the reverse sweep, he gets in position but the execution was all haywire, exposed all three stumps and it was the carrom ball that shaved the leg stu,p, he was on the floor after losing balance;Glenn Maxwell b Ashwin 23 (16m 12b 0x4 3x6) SR: 191.66;
9.1;1w;Ashwin to Maxwell, 1 wide he tosses this one wide down the leg side;
8.6;?;Jadeja to Bailey, no run pushed through a bit quicker and he looks to cut but misses;
8.5;?;Jadeja to Bailey, no run stays back and punches it to the off side;
8.4;?;Jadeja to Bailey, no run;
8.3;1;Jadeja to Maxwell, 1 run it's in the air but over the off side and lands short of deep point;
8.2;6;Jadeja to Maxwell, SIX runs Maxwell and deep midwicket - inseparable, Jadeja errs by tossing it on the pads and he sends it several rows over the rope;
8.1;1;Jadeja to Bailey, 1 run slip in place, comes on slow and he punches it to the off side;
7.6;1;Ashwin to Bailey, 1 run quicker and flatter and worked to deep midwicket;
7.5;1;Ashwin to Maxwell, 1 run he goes back at the crease and thumps it just wide of cover;
7.4;W;Ashwin to Warner, OUT the impatience gets to Warner! He tries to break free, gets on his knee to slog but mistimes it to behind midwicket, Rohit runs forward from deep midwicket and hangs on falling forward;David Warner c RG Sharma b Ashwin 19 (33m 21b 1x4 1x6) SR: 90.47;
7.3;?;Ashwin to Warner, no run flatter one and he works it to midwicket;
7.2;?;Ashwin to Warner, no run a fidgety Warner comes down the track and checks his shot, works it to the on side;
7.1;1;Ashwin to Maxwell, 1 run fullish on the pads and he clips it to deep midwicket;
6.6;1;Raina to Maxwell, 1 run works it away to deep midwicket;
6.5;6;Raina to Maxwell, SIX runs this was high and over the rope! Raina pitched this on a good length but it was on the pads, that's Maxwell's hitting area - promptly slogs it over fine leg;
6.4;6;Raina to Maxwell, SIX runs flat! This was tossed up on the pads and he gets on his knee quickly and bludgeons it over deep midwicket;
6.3;1;Raina to Warner, 1 run stabs at it and he pinches a single to cover;
6.2;1;Raina to Maxwell, 1 run gets down for the slog early and forces it to deep midwiket;
6.1;1;Raina to Warner, 1 run flatter one and he gets on his knee and mistimes the sweep;
5.6;?;Sharma to Maxwell, no run he stays back and punches it to the covers;
5.5;1;Sharma to Warner, 1 run comes forward and he punches it to the off side;
5.4;4;Sharma to Warner, FOUR runs not very convincing, this was angled across and he punched it half heartedly and the ball was spooned into the gap at point;
5.3;1lb;Sharma to Maxwell, 1 leg bye slower ball nudged to the on side;
5.2;?;Sharma to Maxwell, no run this was a short one and he decided rather late to upper cut but missed;
5.1;W;Sharma to Watson, OUT Was he bowled or not? Dhoni was up to the stumps, Mohit cramped Watson for room as he looked to angle it to third man, the ball came in and the leg lights were flashing, even Dhoni wasn't sure if the ball deflected off him to the stumps instead, Watson stands his ground and the umpires check with the third umpire, it's confirmed that the ball hit the top of the stumps first;Shane Watson b Sharma 1 (5m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
4.6;1;Bhuvneshwar to Watson, 1 run he stays beside the line and dabs it to third man;
4.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Watson, no run Watson cramped for room again as he can only knock it back to the bowler;
4.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Watson, no run once again doesn't give him room, he nudges it off his pads and the keeper collects;
4.3;1;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, 1 run good length outside off and punched towards cover point;
4.2;W;Bhuvneshwar to White, OUT that's two batsmen caught within the circle, this was pitched up outside off and he looked to clear the infield, mistimed it and Jadeja took it jogging a few yards to his left from mid-off;Cameron White c Jadeja b Kumar 0 (4m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
4.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to White, no run keeps it nice and straight and he punches it back to the bowler;
3.6;?;Ashwin to Warner, no run full outside off and driven to cover;
3.5;6;Ashwin to Warner, SIX runs as straight as it gets! Tossed up by Ashwin, Warner gets well forward and lofts him straight down the ground;
3.4;?;Ashwin to Warner, no run full outside off and driven to the on side;
3.3;?;Ashwin to Warner, no run flatter delivery on the pads and he works it to the on side;
3.2;W;Ashwin to Finch, OUT this was miscued! Tossed up by Ashwin and Finch gets on his knee looking to slog, gets the top edge behind the bowler, Kohli jogs from mid-on and takes the skier;Aaron Finch c Kohli b Ashwin 6 (15m 11b 1x4 0x6) SR: 54.54;
3.1;?;Ashwin to Finch, no run carrom ball and he pushes it to the off side;
2.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run length ball going across Warner, who wants to hit it over mid-off. Beaten by the angle;
2.5;1;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, 1 run short of a length, outside off, smashed to mid-off for one;
2.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run slower ball, 118ks, on a length, middle and leg, Finch is caught deep in the crease trying to make room. Hence can't make the adjustment;
2.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run short of a length, no room, not too straight, and all Finch can do is tap it back to BK;
2.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run makes slight room, punches this on the up, can't beat extra cover;
2.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run seams away from around off, pushed to point;
1.6;?;Sharma to Warner, no run short of a length, middle and off, defended with an open face;
1.5;1;Sharma to Finch, 1 run short of a length, tucked away off the hip for a single;
1.4;1;Sharma to Warner, 1 run full, middle and off, driven to mid-off for one;
1.3;?;Sharma to Warner, no run short of a length, seams away from middle and off, beats him as he defends;
1.2;2;Sharma to Warner, 2 runs throws his bat at this length ball on off, ends up slicing it, but there s a deep cover placed, which means there is a gap in the circle, and that is exactly where this ball goes;
1.1;2;Sharma to Warner, 2 runs short of a length, just outside off, just pushes it defensively, and it flies off the bat and between mid-off and extra cover;
0.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run big inswinger, beats the inside edge again, and is headed down leg again;
0.5;1lb;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, 1 leg bye this is pitched well outside leg, and goes for a leg-bye;
0.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run another inswinger, ending towards the off stump, defended back to him from the crease;
0.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run another inswinger... this starts from outside leg, squares him up as Warner defends;
0.2;1lb;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, 1 leg bye gets the inswinger going this time, beats the inside edge, hits the pad, but this is headed down leg;
0.1;4;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, FOUR runs and he has been crunched away for four first ball. This is a wide length ball, and Finch gets stuck into it;

Welcome back for the chase. Bhuvneshwar Kumar to bowl to Aaron Finch
 Innings Start
India
Australia
28th Match, Group 2 (N), Dhaka, Mar 30 2014, World T20
159/7
86
Player of the match is Ravichandran Ashwin, INDIA
India won by 73 runs
