Data
4pm: South Africa will feel that's at very least a score that keeps them in it. The world record chase in T20s came at this ground and SA are nearly 30 runs short of the total that was overhauled by West Indies last year - but 200 is always a stiff ask, particularly for a side low on confidence. Faf du Plessis provided the ballast, allowing others to hit around him before teeing off at the end, despite some excellent work from James Faulkner. Can Steyn and the bowlers make it six in a row for SA? Are Australia ready to snap their losing streak? Find out with Gnasher in 15...
19.6;6;Hastings to Wiese, SIX runs yes they can, what a strike from Wiese! He puts this in the top tier with a straight drive down the ground, a Thor-like hammer blow to finish the innings and take South Africa to a handy-looking 204. Hastings wipes his brow, having conceded 26 off the over;
19.5;W;Hastings to du Plessis, OUT picks out deep midwicket! The fun is over for Faf! Full toss does the job for Hastings, this time du Plessis didn't quite get hold of it and he found the man in the deep;Faf du Plessis c Maxwell b Hastings 79 (80m 41b 5x4 5x6) SR: 192.68;
19.4;4;Hastings to du Plessis, FOUR runs lashed through point, this will be another boundary! Du Plessis opened up his stance and larruped a full ball flat and hard square;
19.3;6;Hastings to du Plessis, SIX runs slower ball, on the stumps - and crashed over deep midwicket this time! A flat six to keep the good times rolling for the home fans;
19.2;6;Hastings to du Plessis, SIX runs boshed! Hastings misses his length and du Plessis plants another on into the crowd, a mighty swing over cover;
19.1;4;Hastings to du Plessis, FOUR runs full and straight but somehow du Plessis has managed to hack it away for four through square leg;
18.6;2;Faulkner to Wiese, 2 runs goes for the blockhole again, slightly leg side and Wiese bunts it in front of long-on for a couple - but those are pretty nifty figures from Faulkner, 3 for 28 from his allocation;
18.5;2;Faulkner to Wiese, 2 runs pitched up on the toes, flicked firmly off leg stump and Wiese hurtles back for a second;
18.4;1;Faulkner to du Plessis, 1 run full on the stumps and clubbed through midwicket;
18.3;6;Faulkner to du Plessis, SIX runs oh yes, he's nailed this one! Smoked back down the ground, hang time from du Plessis, the ball peppering the upper tiers again;
18.2;2;Faulkner to du Plessis, 2 runs full and wide, possibly a slower ball, du Plessis mistimes a drive, ballooning over cover but it's squarer than Morris' shot and lands between two fielders;
18.1;W;Faulkner to Morris, OUT slogged into the deep and taken! Morris aims for the big boomer over extra cover but doesn't quite have the power required and Warner leaps to take it above his head... A standing slap from Morris, who fails to cash in this time;Chris Morris c Warner b Faulkner 3 (9m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 60;
17.6;1;Hazlewood to Morris, 1 run full length, 140kph just outside off, dug out for a quick single into the covers;
17.5;?;Hazlewood to Morris, no run back of a length outside off, Morris slaps it to cover;
17.5;1w;Hazlewood to Morris, 1 wide shaping away as Morris stands and swings... called wide;
17.4;1;Hazlewood to du Plessis, 1 run punched into the covers, that'll be fifty for du Plessis, his seventh in T20Is;
17.3;4;Hazlewood to du Plessis, FOUR runs back-to-back boundaries to the same part of the ground, this time via an inside edge! Made room to drive and picked up four more via a French cut - they all count;
17.2;4;Hazlewood to du Plessis, FOUR runs brings out the du-scoop! Faf finds the boundary, gets down low outside off stump and ramps a full delivery straight over the keeper and away... We've not seen much of that today;
17.1;1;Hazlewood to Morris, 1 run full and tailing towards leg stump as Morris backs away, can only chop it into the ground;
16.6;1;Faulkner to Morris, 1 run another slower ball, Morris doesn't really get hold of it, in the air and bouncing down to long-on;
16.5;1;Faulkner to du Plessis, 1 run length ball angled outside off, du Plessis steers it through cover point;
16.4;W;Faulkner to Behardien, OUT hit out or get out... and Behardien is gone! It was a full toss, out the back of the hand, Behardien was at least trying to do some damage but he caught it off the toe of the bat and holed out to deep midwicket;Farhaan Behardien c Agar b Faulkner 3 (9m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 60;
16.3;1;Faulkner to du Plessis, 1 run back of a length, no room to swing the arms, du Plessis can only shovel one to leg;
16.2;1;Faulkner to Behardien, 1 run full and straight, can only dig it out down the ground - that's the SA 150;
16.1;1;Faulkner to du Plessis, 1 run pushed across the right-hander from over the wicket, du Plessis drives through the covers;
16.1;1w;Faulkner to du Plessis, 1 wide gets this wrong, a slower ball but well wide of the tracks;
15.6;?;Hastings to Behardien, no run excellent finish to the over, Hastings gets it up in the blockhole and Behardien can only block it back to the bowler;
15.5;1;Hastings to du Plessis, 1 run good length, whipped back through mid-on, dealing in singles at the moment;
15.4;1;Hastings to Behardien, 1 run back of a length in the channel, Behardien drops into the crease and steers through point;
15.3;1;Hastings to du Plessis, 1 run angled in on the stumps, driven down the ground to long-on;
15.2;1;Hastings to Behardien, 1 run short ball, outside off, dragged through midwicket on the pull;
15.1;1lb;Hastings to du Plessis, 1 leg bye back of a length, worked away off the legs;
14.6;W;Agar to Miller, OUT goes for another maximum but finds long-off! The bat skewed in the hands slightly, got under the shot and Maxwell positioned himself safely underneath to give Agar his maiden T20I wicket. Kong has been downed;David Miller c Maxwell b Agar 33 (16m 18b 2x4 2x6) SR: 183.33;
14.5;6;Agar to Miller, SIX runs immense! Miller beats his chest like King Kong and then scrambles up the Empire State Building with Agar in his hand... Another breezy swing and the ball disappears into the crowd at long-on again!;
14.4;2;Agar to Miller, 2 runs dragged down and Miller cracks it wide of long-on, nearly another boundary but it's stopped a yard in front of the rope;
14.3;6;Agar to Miller, SIX runs goes a little short - and Miller goes big in response! Swipes a Popeye blow down the ground, forearms bulging as it sails over long-on;
14.2;4;Agar to Miller, FOUR runs ambles in and tosses it up on off stump, Miller clumps a drive down the ground, flat and hard through long-on for four;
14.1;2;Agar to Miller, 2 runs length ball, whipped through midwicket on the pull and they pick up two;
13.6;1;Maxwell to Miller, 1 run on the stumps, Miller is down early again to sweep one through backward square;
13.5;1;Maxwell to du Plessis, 1 run du Plessis gives it the charge, launches Maxwell towards wide long-off, not going to reach the rope but it lands in front of the fielder;
13.4;1;Maxwell to Miller, 1 run flighted on the stumps, Miller tries to sweep hard but doesn't really get hold of it;
13.3;1;Maxwell to du Plessis, 1 run tossed up and du Plessis paddles one to backward square leg;
13.2;1;Maxwell to Miller, 1 run darted on the legs, swatted away through backward square;
13.1;4;Maxwell to Miller, FOUR runs drops a little short outside off and Miller crashes a Ming the Merciless cut through point;
12.6;1;Agar to Miller, 1 run full length, cracked back past the bowler, straight drive along the ground but not out of the middle and long-off keeps them to a single;
12.5;?;Agar to Miller, no run floated up outside off stump, Miller picks out cover on the drive;
12.4;1;Agar to du Plessis, 1 run pushed through on middle and leg, du Plessis backs away and slaps through cover point;
12.3;1;Agar to Miller, 1 run flat on the stumps, Miller works one down the ground;
12.2;1;Agar to du Plessis, 1 run drags his length down, du Plessis clips through midwicket, he wanted two but Maxwell raced in from long-on to deny them;
12.1;1;Agar to Miller, 1 run stately high arm from Agar, flighted outside off, chipped down the ground for one;
11.6;1;Maxwell to Miller, 1 run floated up on middle and leg, Miller comes forward and works one through mid-on to keep the strike;
11.5;?;Maxwell to Miller, no run Miller walks down the pitch, attempts to play to leg again, the ball deflects off glove and pad, I think, and ends up going behind him... he has to dive back sharpish to prevent a smart stumping from Nevill;
11.4;1;Maxwell to du Plessis, 1 run tossed up outside off, du Plessis crouches to bunt through cover point;
11.3;1;Maxwell to Miller, 1 run switches back to round the wicket, worked off the legs for one more;
11.2;1;Maxwell to du Plessis, 1 run over the wicket, on the stumps, bobbled away to leg;
11.1;1;Maxwell to Miller, 1 run tossed up from round the wicket, Miller nurdles it away to leg;
10.6;W;Marsh to Duminy, OUT similar ball, similar shot - but this time he picks out deep midwicket! Duminy hangs his head in frustration, it was a half-tracker there to be hit but he seemed to get it off the toe of the bat and it went straight and true to the man stationed on the fence;Jean-Paul Duminy c Smith b Marsh 14 (14m 12b 1x4 1x6) SR: 116.66;
10.5;6;Marsh to Duminy, SIX runs short ball, Duminy latches on to it and carts a pull high and handsome, comfortably beyond the boundary at deep square leg - that's the SA 100 up in style;
10.4;?;Marsh to Duminy, no run another slower ball, tapped down into the covers;
10.3;1;Marsh to du Plessis, 1 run length ball on the stumps, Faf steps away and drives into the covers;
10.2;2;Marsh to du Plessis, 2 runs on the stumps, worked into the leg side and they come racing back for two;
10.1;6;Marsh to du Plessis, SIX runs takes the pace off... and du Plessis then puts it all back on, whipping a wristy pull into the stands, really got hold of it, landed on an awning some way up at deep square leg;
10.1;1nb;Marsh to du Plessis, (no ball) sliding down the leg side, that'll be a wide... actually, Marsh has flicked the non-striker's bails off, so it's a no-ball;
9.6;?;Faulkner to Duminy, no run goes back outside off and steers a length ball to backward point;
9.5;?;Faulkner to Duminy, no run good full bunger, Duminy has to dig it out;
9.4;2;Faulkner to Duminy, 2 runs flicked to leg, in the air... but just short of the diving Smith at midwicket, bounced in front of his fingertips and squeezed through for a couple;
9.3;4;Faulkner to Duminy, FOUR runs slower ball, Duminy picks it a marches out to drive regally over the top for four;
9.2;?;Faulkner to Duminy, no run stumps broken at both ends! But no one is out... Duminy's bobbly drive was somehow deflected on to the stumps at the non-striker's end by du Plessis, but he managed to get his bat in; Faulkner then threw down the wicket at the other end but Duminy was safe;
9.1;?;Faulkner to Duminy, no run over the wicket, good length on off, Duminy comes forward and pushes to mid-off;
8.6;1;Maxwell to Duminy, 1 run goes deep in the crease and manufactures the angle to whip another single through midwicket;
8.5;1;Maxwell to du Plessis, 1 run dobbly offbreak on the stumps, comes forward and punches down the ground;
8.4;?;Maxwell to du Plessis, no run over the wicket, tapped back to the bowler;
8.3;1;Maxwell to Duminy, 1 run angled in from round the wicket, Duminy goes back and flicks one through midwicket to get going;
8.2;?;Maxwell to Duminy, no run presses forward and taps into the off side;
8.1;1;Maxwell to du Plessis, 1 run tossed up on the stumps and worked through midwicket;
7.6;W;Faulkner to de Kock, OUT bowled him, de Kock is chopped down! Looked like he played around a full toss but Faulkner is happy either way... It was full and straight, he tried to clip to leg and got an inside edge on to his stumps;Quinton de Kock b Faulkner 44 (34m 28b 8x4 1x6) SR: 157.14;
7.5;1;Faulkner to du Plessis, 1 run on the stumps and punched down the ground;
7.4;1;Faulkner to de Kock, 1 run another legbreak from Faulkner, steered through point to the sweeper;
7.3;?;Faulkner to de Kock, no run length ball outside off, drops back and dabs to backward point... and Marsh's throw isn't far from catching out de Kock as he scrambled back to his crease;
7.2;?;Faulkner to de Kock, no run slower ball, out the back of the hand and this deceives de Kock, who plays and misses;
7.1;1;Faulkner to du Plessis, 1 run length outside off, du Plessis stays in the crease and swats through point;
6.6;4;Maxwell to de Kock, FOUR runs full on leg stump, de Kock gets down low to sweep, sends the ball skimming away wide of short fine leg - third four in the over;
6.5;?;Maxwell to de Kock, no run tossed up outside off, goes back to cut but finds the fielder at backward point;
6.4;?;Maxwell to de Kock, no run floated up a bit slower, pushed into the off side;
6.3;4;Maxwell to de Kock, FOUR runs goes again, too short and straight from Maxwell, rocks back and slams it to the deep square leg boundary;
6.2;4;Maxwell to de Kock, FOUR runs slightly short and de Kock crunches a pull through square leg, quickly into position to dispatch it for four;
6.1;?;Maxwell to de Kock, no run round the wicket, pushed through on off stump, tapped away;
5.6;2;Hazlewood to du Plessis, 2 runs length ball outside off, du Plessis goes hard at it and gets a thick inside edge through backward square leg for a couple more;
5.5;2;Hazlewood to du Plessis, 2 runs drops back and cuts wide of third man for two;
5.4;1;Hazlewood to de Kock, 1 run short ball at the body, nudged away to leg;
5.3;6;Hazlewood to de Kock, SIX runs oh my word! That's extraordinary... This time he targets the off side, opens up his body and launches an uppercut over the covers, it sails through the thin Highveld air several metres back into the crowd. Woof!;
5.2;4;Hazlewood to de Kock, FOUR runs drags it a little shorter and this is hammered on the up over midwicket, back-to-back fours for Quinny;
5.1;4;Hazlewood to de Kock, FOUR runs skips out to hit Hazelwood off his length, clears mid-on and that'll bounce away;
4.6;6;Marsh to du Plessis, SIX runs length ball on leg stump... and it's been flicked into the crowd at deep square leg! Flamboyant stuff from Faf, a flamingo flick and it fair flew, well beyond the man standing on the rope - that rather spoiled an otherwise decent start from Marsh;
4.5;4;Marsh to du Plessis, FOUR runs full and spanked! Du Plessis sashays out and drills aerially over extra cover, disappeared in a trice;
4.4;?;Marsh to du Plessis, no run middle and off, du Plessis works it to mid-on but has to send his partner back;
4.3;2;Marsh to du Plessis, 2 runs du Plessis steps to leg and tries to make room, ends up clearing cover with a leading edge as Marsh followed him... couple more to the total;
4.2;?;Marsh to du Plessis, no run gets in tight to the stumps, length ball pushed into the covers coming forwards;
4.1;?;Marsh to du Plessis, no run 130kph nibbler on off stump, du Plessis taps it away;
3.6;?;Hastings to de Kock, no run short outside off, de Kock again attempts to hit the cover off it, fails to connect. Hastings demanding respect;
3.5;?;Hastings to de Kock, no run misses again with a big ole yahoo down the ground;
3.4;4;Hastings to de Kock, FOUR runs flipped around the corner, cute shot from de Kock, moving across and sending a length ball over short fine leg and away for four;
3.3;?;Hastings to de Kock, no run extra pace on this, 143kph from Hastings and it flies through past an airy swipe from de Kock;
3.2;?;Hastings to de Kock, no run back of a length, de Kock knocks it back in the direction of the bowler;
3.1;1;Hastings to du Plessis, 1 run off the mark straight away, opening the face outside off;
2.6;2;Hazlewood to de Kock, 2 runs short ball, shovelled away through backward square leg and a good diving stop prevents four more;
2.5;4;Hazlewood to de Kock, FOUR runs hoicked over midwicket for four more! This was a decent length ball from Hazlewood, no width on offer but de Kock manufactured an angle to hit to leg;
2.4;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run back of a length and hits de Kock on the body as he tries to work to leg;
2.3;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run nicely bowled, cranking up the pace and the ball nibbles back past the inside edge;
2.2;4;Hazlewood to de Kock, FOUR runs short ball from Hazlewood and this is crumped through midwicket on the pull for de Kock's first boundary;
2.2;1w;Hazlewood to de Kock, 1 wide fired down the leg side;
2.1;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run dug in short, de Kock tries to pull and gets hit on the shoulder;
1.6;W;Hastings to de Villiers, OUT bowled him, no doubt this time! De Villiers plays on, there'll be no Wanderers mauling this week... Tight lines from Hastings and de Villiers was trying to force it off the back foot, got a thick inside edge into off stump;AB de Villiers b Hastings 13 (8m 9b 1x4 1x6) SR: 144.44;
1.5;?;Hastings to de Villiers, no run short outside off, goes back and swings hard on the cut, fails to connect;
1.4;?;Hastings to de Villiers, no run banged in and de Villiers gets in a tangle trying to pull... did that come off the glove on its way through? Hastings and Nevill were pretty convinced but umpire Shaun George less so. Looks like it came straight off the forearm;
1.3;6;Hastings to de Villiers, SIX runs skips out and WHACK! Down the wicket and flashes across the line, everything coming together smoothly as de Villiers deposits Hastings on to the grass banks at deep midwicket;
1.2;?;Hastings to de Villiers, no run length ball, angled in towards off stump, de Villiers defends to the on side;
1.1;1;Hastings to de Kock, 1 run shortish on the hips, tucked away for one more;
0.6;1;Hazlewood to de Kock, 1 run length ball, straighter line and de Kock is off the mark with a dab through backward square leg;
0.5;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run dug in at 134kph, rising outside off as de Kock plays an angled bat, checks a pull down into the leg side;
0.4;1;Hazlewood to de Villiers, 1 run in the channel, de Villiers drops back and glides one more to third man;
0.3;?;Hazlewood to de Villiers, no run back of a length, moves across and whips a bottom-handed jab to mid-on;
0.2;4;Hazlewood to de Villiers, FOUR runs lashed through point for four! Quicksilver hands from de Villiers, given a bit of width and he happily cracked it for the first boundary of the day;
0.1;2;Hazlewood to de Villiers, 2 runs good length outside off, de Villiers follows it - as he did in Durban - and this time guides a couple wide of third man;

The players are out, we are set to play ball... Josh Hazlewood will start us off
"It does not happen quite often that the person who hit winning runs in the last T20 gets dropped." That's a good point, Ahsan Butt. Poor Kyle Abbott, eh... But how does the Gopher of Economy make his case against the Steyn Remover?
2.25pm: We will get to see how South Africa handle setting a target, as opposed to chasing one, today. The pitch in Jo'burg is being talked up as a belter (aren't they always) and, a year ago, 231 wasn't enough for the hosts against West Indies.
Meanwhile, it's all getting a bit Biblical in Mirpur.
2.15pm: So, ch-ch-changes all round, which makes sense with a major tournament just over the hill. Dale Steyn plays his first game since the Boxing Day Test - and his first T20 since the 2014 World T20 - but he's got some work to do to force his way back into the XI for good, as South Africa have been purring in this format. They will have fond memories of their outing here a couple of weeks ago, when they knocked England into a cocked hat during a nine-wicket win.
"Will Watson bowl today? How is his fitness?" I would expect so, Arnab, since Australia selector Mark Waugh was talking up his bowling the other day. He played a full part with the ball against India in January.
Here's Sandy: "Australia have just not found their right combination yet. Chopping and changing every second match. But I guess one needs to be very wary of such teams because they somehow click when it matters." There's certainly some talent in the Australia squad - but have they left it too late to work out how best to use it?
"Nathan Coulter-Nile bowled really well , batted too and still no place." Indeed, Donepudi, though I expect he'll get another chance to state his case in Cape Town on Wednesday.
2pm: Australia win the toss and bowl, they have made four changes to their XI. Shane Watson returns to the top of the order, as expected, with Usman Khawaja making way; James Faulkner, Josh Hazlewood and Agar all come in, replacing Nathan Coulter-Nile, Andrew Tye and Adam Zampa. South Africa welcome back Steyn in place of Kyle Abbott, while Farhaan Behardien also gets a go, for Rilee Rossouw.
South Africa 1 AB de Villiers, 2 Quinton de Kock, 3 Faf du Plessis (capt), 4 JP Duminy, 5 David Miller, 6 Farhaan Behardien, 7 David Wiese, 8 Chris Morris, 9 Kagiso Rabada, 10 Dale Steyn, 11 Imran Tahir
Australia: 1 Shane Watson, 2 Aaron Finch, 3 Steven Smith (capt), 4 David Warner, 5 Glenn Maxwell, 6 Mitchell Marsh, 7 James Faulkner, 8 Ashton Agar, 9 Peter Nevill (wk), 10 John Hastings, 11 Josh Hazlewood
1.50pm: While the sun is beaming a cheesy grin over the Wanderers, cricket's spotlight will be on another T20 several thousand kilometres away. You can, of course, keep up with the Asia Cup final between Bangladesh and India (don't worry, I won't be offended if you leave), although word is that there's some drizzle around Mirpur. So maybe stick with us for a wee bit longer, eh.
"Do u think Dale Steyn is playing today?" Chirag is first to strike up conversation. We expect to see him return, yes, as South Africa coach Russell Domingo wanted Steyn to play two of the three matches in order to get him fit for the World T20. But you know what they say about changing a winning side...
1.35pm: Hello, you. It's WWWWW plays LLLLL in Johannesburg, as South Africa and Australia pit their contrasting pristine and filthy records against each other in the second T20. After David Miller finished off the tourists in Friday, South Africa are closing in on a third T20 series win in a row - and their fourth in five - and look in fine fettle ahead of the World T20. Australia, on the other hand, are scrabbling around for a successful combination, while stacking up Ls like a learner driver convention. They are set to make changes today - and news from the ground is that Ashton Agar, better known for scoring 98 at No. 11 on Test debut three years ago, has been presented with his cap. You can get the full picture with Firdose' preview and we'll bring you news of the teams and toss in 20 minutes or so.
 Innings Start
Phew, what a game. Australia win by five wickets, to end a run of five defeats. And it was a superb chase of a big total, even more so after that early problems when they were three down. Warner and Maxwell added 161 for the fourth wicket before their dismissals gave South Africa hope at the very end. Some of the home side's bowling, though, struggled today. Wiese and Tahir went for 105 in their eight overs, although credit to Australia for the way they were targeted. Steyn had an issue with full tosses on his return (but he wasn't the only one) and Rabada did not have quite enough to defend in the final over. It all means we have a deciding match in Cape Town on Wednesday before the teams head off to the World T20. Sorry I couldn't use much of your feedback towards the end, it all got a bit hectic. I'm afraid I won't hear the post-match interviews, so we'll have to leave it there. But we'll have all the reaction later. Meanwhile, if you want to continue your cricket fix the Asia Cup final is now underway as a 15-over affair in Mirpur so head over and join our colleagues for that. For now, though, from Andrew McGlashan and Alan Gardner it's goodbye and thanks for joining us.
19.6;2;Rabada to Marsh, 2 runs he bunts it straight down the ground and Australia win! It was a good delivery, full and straight, but Marsh managed to hit it into the pitch, past Rababa and neither long off or long on could stop the second.;
19.5;1;Rabada to Faulkner, 1 run swings to leg against a length ball, gets an inside edge into his pads and it runs into the off side;
19.4;2;Rabada to Faulkner, 2 runs it's a good ball, full at the stumps, but he gets it straight down the ground...bisects long on and long off, then the return from the deep has very little power on the throw. Marsh was struggling to make his ground, the ball took an age to get back from the deep. Goes to the third umpire but he's just safe. A costly weak throw;
19.3;2;Rabada to Faulkner, 2 runs gets this full and straight, driven through the covers to the sweeper and they can't cut off the second...wasn't a very good return from the deep;
19.3;1w;Rabada to Faulkner, 1 wide swing and a miss! Called wide again! That seems a harsh call. Looked inside the white guideline to me. Actually, on the replay, that was over the white guideline, so fair call from the umpire;
19.2;2;Rabada to Faulkner, 2 runs gets a length delivery and launches it straight down the ground, long on comes around and then flicks the ball to long off to throw in;
19.2;1w;Rabada to Faulkner, 1 wide wide outside off, and called wide! Rabada trying to keep it full but gets the line wrong;
19.1;W;Rabada to Warner, OUT got him! That man Rabada does it again! Full, straight, Warner swinging across the line and misses. The Wanderers crowd goes wild. Actually took Warner's back leg and deflected into the stumps;David Warner b Rabada 77 (67m 40b 6x4 5x6) SR: 192.5;
18.6;1lb;Morris to Warner, 1 leg bye it's all happening! It's well bowled, speared in at the pads, deflects straight back Morris but Warner just wants the strike. Marsh had no chance, but Morris then under-arms the ball wide of the stumps from about six yards away! Don't take him ten-pin bowling tonight;
18.5;W;Morris to Maxwell, OUT and he's gone! Doesn't connect cleanly as he swings at a length delivery, skews off the face of the bat and reaches deep cover;Glenn Maxwell c de Villiers b Morris 75 (61m 43b 7x4 3x6) SR: 174.41;
18.4;4;Morris to Maxwell, FOUR runs oh, Maxwell! We've seen it so many times, but it's still brilliant. Under pressure he was reverse swept a full delivery outside off fine of short third man;
18.3;1;Morris to Warner, 1 run comes round the wicket, aiming full at the stumps, Warner smears it straight to long on;
18.2;1lb;Morris to Maxwell, 1 leg bye full, angled into the pads, he doesn't make contact and it's just a leg bye towards midwicket. The tension mounts;
18.1;?;Morris to Maxwell, no run short of a length, swing and a miss! Dot ball;
17.6;2;Steyn to Warner, 2 runs tries to be inventive, effectively sweeps a delivery from full outside off along the ground through midwicket and more excellent running from this pair;
17.6;2nb;Steyn to Maxwell, (no ball) 1 run he just can't pitch it at the moment, that's a big full toss and called a no-ball this time...swung into the on side;
17.5;1;Steyn to Warner, 1 run another full toss, and just over cover! Warner slicing his drive, du Plessis leapt at cover on the edge of the circle;
17.4;1;Steyn to Maxwell, 1 run full outside off, driven straight to point. They scamper the run and there's no throw due to a lack of backing up;
17.3;2;Steyn to Maxwell, 2 runs another big full toss, sliced away off a thick outer part of the bat down to third man;
17.2;2;Steyn to Maxwell, 2 runs backs away to leg against a length delivery, driven through mid-off where du Plessis dives and gets a hand on it...comes up holding his shoulder;
17.1;1lb;Steyn to Warner, 1 leg bye full, straight, hint of swing...Warner misses his whip to the leg side and the ball cannons off his pads to the covers;
16.6;2;Morris to Maxwell, 2 runs manages to get this full and straight, was still a free hit, clubbed towards long-on and the pace of this pair between the wickets makes it into a brace;
16.6;1w;Morris to Maxwell, 1 wide now it's wide outside off! Maxwell moving around his crease, Morris trying to out think him but it's too wide;
16.6;1w;Morris to Maxwell, 1 wide full, angled down the leg side, it's a wide so the free hit carries over...and the over has gone very pear-shaped;
16.6;5nb;Morris to Maxwell, (no ball) FOUR runs and it's a filthy full toss, Maxwell swings with his full force and it takes a top edge to third man...and it's a no-ball! Oh dear.;
16.5;1;Morris to Warner, 1 run whipped strongly along the ground through midwicket;
16.4;?;Morris to Warner, no run responds well with a yorker at middle stump, takes an inside into his boot...can't get the single;
16.3;4;Morris to Warner, FOUR runs charges down the pitch, it was already a full toss, that's crunched straight down the ground...at the boundary almost before you can blink;
16.2;1;Morris to Maxwell, 1 run that's well bowled, full at off stump, squirted into the off side;
16.1;1;Morris to Warner, 1 run round the wicket, full outside off, swung to deep midwicket;
15.6;?;Steyn to Maxwell, no run beats him outside off, the ball scoots past the outside edge as Maxwell drives...a precious dot ball;
15.5;1;Steyn to Warner, 1 run well bowled, but Warner is still able to dig it out straight down the ground, was full at leg stump;
15.4;1;Steyn to Maxwell, 1 run crunched into the off side, can't beat the circle;
15.3;1;Steyn to Warner, 1 run that comes out as a low full toss, Warner swings hard, his bottom hand comes off the bat as he finds long on;
15.2;6;Steyn to Warner, SIX runs it doesn't matter who you are, you are being launched into the stands...this is short of a length and Warner plays a terrific pick-up pull over deep square leg;
15.1;1;Steyn to Maxwell, 1 run length ball outside off, opens the face and dabbed into the covers;
14.6;1;Tahir to Maxwell, 1 run a moment of relative calm as he tucks a single through midwicket;
14.5;1;Tahir to Warner, 1 run down on his back knee with another slog sweep and this time it's straight to deep midwicket;
14.4;6;Tahir to Warner, SIX runs over deep midwicket again! There were cries of 'catch it' and it didn't have huge elevation, but just had the height to beat Morris near the rope;
14.3;4;Tahir to Warner, FOUR runs that's brilliant from Warner, this ball pitches quite wide outside off but he's able to drag it straight of long on...skims over the outfield. That's his fifty;
14.2;6;Tahir to Warner, SIX runs full toss. Dispatched. Slog sweep. Deep midwicket. Rinse and repeat;
14.1;1;Tahir to Maxwell, 1 run cut firmly into the covers, straight to du Plessis but still a single which brings up the hundred stand off 44 balls;
13.6;?;Wiese to Warner, no run back over he wicket, Warner swings himself off his feet as he tries to catch up with a delivery angled wide across him...not far from a wide, but the umpire lets it go;
13.5;1;Wiese to Maxwell, 1 run that's better, a yorker just outside off, jabbed into the off side...a mundane single;
13.5;1w;Wiese to Maxwell, 1 wide comes round the wicket, pushed across wide outside off and he doesn't get away with that;
13.4;6;Wiese to Maxwell, SIX runs that's a big full and it's out of the ground! Swung over deep square leg. Horrid delivery, really. And that's his fifty off 26 deliveries;
13.3;?;Wiese to Maxwell, no run goes for another reverse hit and this time doesn't make contact;
13.2;4;Wiese to Maxwell, FOUR runs that's just a little bit bonkers, but then it's Maxwell after all...reverse ramp or scoop at a low full toss which he gets almost over the keeper's head;
13.1;6;Wiese to Maxwell, SIX runs and he gets launched into the stands over long on...Maxwell swings at a full delivery, a slower ball, outside off and even though it comes off close to the bottom of the bat it has the legs;
12.6;2;Tahir to Warner, 2 runs this flies off the top edge as he swings across the line and goes fine of short third man;
12.5;4;Tahir to Warner, FOUR runs that's just brute force, hammers it straight down the ground...wasn't quite so full, and it didn't even come out of the middle but comfortably split the deep fielders;
12.4;?;Tahir to Warner, no run full outside off, Warner aiming to deep midwicket with a slog sweep but gets an inside edge into his back leg;
12.3;1;Tahir to Maxwell, 1 run flicked to deep midwicket;
12.2;?;Tahir to Maxwell, no run nearly cleans him up with a short ball which scoots through a touch low and defeats Maxwell's pull;
12.2;1w;Tahir to Maxwell, 1 wide he saw Maxwell starting to move and fired this down the leg side;
12.1;1;Tahir to Warner, 1 run short outside off, Warner onto the back foot and drags it to deep midwicket;
11.6;4;Wiese to Maxwell, FOUR runs so he opts for something more conventional and it's more productive...pumps a full delivery straight down the ground. Stand and deliver.;
11.5;?;Wiese to Maxwell, no run tries to reverse sweep a wide delivery outside off, defeated by the slower delivery;
11.4;1;Wiese to Warner, 1 run some width outside off which is driven to long off;
11.3;2;Wiese to Warner, 2 runs full and straight, another low full toss, flicked through midwicket, good work in the deep...Wiese now trying to keep the ball full;
11.2;1;Wiese to Maxwell, 1 run low full toss outside off, driven to cover;
11.1;?;Wiese to Maxwell, no run full outside off, on the popping crease, squeezed to backward point;
10.6;1;Tahir to Maxwell, 1 run stays back in the crease and flicks it carefully into midwicket;
10.5;?;Tahir to Maxwell, no run can't get this one away, nudges into the leg side;
10.4;2;Tahir to Maxwell, 2 runs flicks a straight delivery through midwicket;
10.3;1;Tahir to Warner, 1 run comes forward and drives to the cover sweeper;
10.2;?;Tahir to Warner, no run touch shorter this time, Warner angry with himself as he finds cover inside the circle;
10.1;4;Tahir to Warner, FOUR runs flayed over the off side, a hint of width to Warner who throws his hands through the drive and sends it over cover;
9.6;1;Wiese to Warner, 1 run drives a full delivery into the covers;
9.5;6;Wiese to Warner, SIX runs short outside off and handsomely put away over deep midwicket with a strong-armed pull...a dragged down slower ball, so basically a long hop;
9.4;1;Wiese to Maxwell, 1 run another low full toss, straighter this time, swung to long on;
9.3;4;Wiese to Maxwell, FOUR runs heaves a length delivery through straight midwicket, a skimming shot from Maxwell which bisects deep midwicket and long on;
9.2;4;Wiese to Maxwell, FOUR runs that slips out as a big full toss, gets heaved to deep square where there's bad misfield by Tahir which gifts a boundary...didn't quite anticipate the spin on the ball;
9.1;1;Wiese to Warner, 1 run back of a length, driven to deep cover;
8.6;1;Tahir to Warner, 1 run cut to deep cover;
8.5;6;Tahir to Warner, SIX runs that's pumped over deep midwicket...fetched from full outside off, down on his back knee, with the slog sweep. Good connection;
8.4;1;Tahir to Maxwell, 1 run worked into the leg side;
8.3;?;Tahir to Maxwell, no run on off stump, tight line, pushed to cover;
8.2;2;Tahir to Maxwell, 2 runs goes for the reverse sweep to a straight full toss and gets it fine of short third man;
8.1;1;Tahir to Warner, 1 run tucks a straight delivery into midwicket;
7.6;?;Wiese to Maxwell, no run good response from Wiese as he gets this one past Maxwell's outside edge as he drives;
7.5;6;Wiese to Maxwell, SIX runs top shot! The best of Maxwell. Holds his shape and drives on the up through the line of a length delivery outside off and sends it over long off;
7.4;2;Wiese to Maxwell, 2 runs slashes again at some width outside off, Morris gets more work at third man and can't stop the second;
7.3;2;Wiese to Maxwell, 2 runs back outside off stump, Maxwell drives and it comes off the toe of the bat towards third man;
7.2;4;Wiese to Maxwell, FOUR runs nicely played, moving across to off stump and whips a straight delivery off his pads wide of short fine leg;
7.1;1;Wiese to Warner, 1 run full at off stump, opens the face and drives to deep point;
6.6;1;Morris to Warner, 1 run slower ball, full outside off, driven into the covers;
6.5;?;Morris to Warner, no run gets the line outside off, still short of a length, chopped to backward point;
6.4;4;Morris to Warner, FOUR runs this time there's more power and he has the placement, short from Morris and it sits up for the pull which is well controlled backward of square;
6.3;1;Morris to Maxwell, 1 run tucks a length delivery gently into square leg...Australia just trying to settle for a few moments;
6.2;1;Morris to Warner, 1 run short of a length, Warner pulls to deep square leg;
6.1;1;Morris to Maxwell, 1 run angled down to third man from outside off;
6.1;1w;Morris to Maxwell, 1 wide shoved down the leg side, called wide;
5.6;4;Steyn to Warner, FOUR runs short of a length on the hip and he gets it away fine with a neat tuck past short fine leg;
5.5;?;Steyn to Warner, no run lovely bowling...full outside off, Warner's feet not quite moving yet, the ball shapes in a touch the holds its line to beat the drive;
5.4;W;Steyn to Watson, OUT another terrific catch! They are holding everything at the moment. Duminy running back from point this time. Short outside off, Watson having another full-blown swing at it. The ball doesn't have the distance this time, but Duminy still did superbly to take it over his shoulder. Would also have had Rabada in the corner of his hand coming from third man;Shane Watson c Duminy b Steyn 9 (29m 15b 2x4 0x6) SR: 60;
5.3;4;Steyn to Watson, FOUR runs width outside off, he goes for the upper cut and gets it wide of third man (even KG isn't reaching it);
5.2;?;Steyn to Watson, no run beaten and tries to play this delivery into the off side, just a hint of swing;
5.1;W;Steyn to Smith, OUT oh, my goodness! What a catch by Rabada at third man. This is stunning and will take be a moment to explain. It was a short-of-a-length delivery outside off, Smith throws the kitchen sink at it and a top edge flies towards third man. Rabada started by running in and actually came too far. He realised, then just thrust up his right hand above his head and the ball stuck. Then, it was able to keep hold as he tumbled to the crowd. A mind-boggling grab;Steven Smith c Rabada b Steyn 19 (23m 15b 2x4 1x6) SR: 126.66;
4.6;?;Rabada to Watson, no run a bouncer, angled over leg stump, travels over the gloves and he escapes a wide call;
4.5;?;Rabada to Watson, no run much fuller, on middle and leg, takes a thick outside edge into the covers as he aims into midwicket;
4.4;?;Rabada to Watson, no run swing and a miss as he moves outside leg stump then swings to the on side, the ball scoots past his inside edge and pads;
4.3;1;Rabada to Smith, 1 run back of a length, crunched towards square leg with another cross-batted swat...square leg can't stop it cleanly, Steyn tidies up in the deep;
4.2;6;Rabada to Smith, SIX runs gets this one cleanly, it was a fuller ball and Smith was able to get underneath it with a (relatively) straight bat and lofts it over mid-on;
4.1;?;Rabada to Smith, no run pushed into the off side;
4.1;1w;Rabada to Smith, 1 wide appeal for a catch down the leg side, but it's called a wide...Smith moving around his crease, goes to help this off his hip. There was a noise and the ball wasn't near the pad. The replay suggests it was glove;
3.6;?;Steyn to Watson, no run moving outside leg stump again, Steyn follows him and it comes out as a full toss...Watson jabs it, rather alarmed, into the off side. Questions whether it should have been a no-ball. Looked just okay.;
3.5;4;Steyn to Watson, FOUR runs connects well enough this time to beat mid-on, short outside off stump and Watson fetches it with the pull...still not ideally timed, but it's wide of the diving mid-on and beats deep midwicket;
3.4;?;Steyn to Watson, no run fuller, this follows Watson as he moves outside leg, 133kph, and thunders into the pads;
3.3;?;Steyn to Watson, no run he moves to the leg side against this shorter delivery and pulls to midwicket inside the circle;
3.2;?;Steyn to Watson, no run short of a length outside off, 134kph, cut firmly into the ground and it bounces to point...Watson will feel that was a boundary ball;
3.1;1lb;Steyn to Smith, 1 leg bye starts with a straight delivery which Smith aims into the leg side, the ball trickles to square leg;
2.6;?;Rabada to Watson, no run full and straight, 145kph, Watson opens his stance a touch and crunches it straight to mid-off;
2.5;1;Rabada to Smith, 1 run too quick for Smith, short outside off, and he tries to somehow get this to the leg side again and ends up with a thick outside edge down to third man with one hand off the bat. This isn't pretty from Smith;
2.4;?;Rabada to Smith, no run very short outside off, 146kph, and climbs over Smith's top edge as he has another wild swipe;
2.3;1;Rabada to Watson, 1 run pushed onto the pads and flicked to long leg;
2.2;?;Rabada to Watson, no run angled into middle and leg, Watson doesn't make contact and it takes the pad to the leg side;
2.1;1;Rabada to Smith, 1 run shuffles across the crease and flips a length delivery from outside off backward of square on the leg side;
1.6;1;Morris to Smith, 1 run width outside off, 147kph, Smith swings at it and gets a bottom edge wide of the stumps...smart piece of fielding from de Kock who collects and hits direct at the non-striker's end, but Smith is safe;
1.5;4;Morris to Smith, FOUR runs full and wide outside off, a much more controlled stroke this time as he drives it through the covers...not a million miles from the fielder, but placed well enough;
1.4;?;Morris to Smith, no run fuller outside off, a wild swing with his feet planted on leg stump...pretty much a slog;
1.3;?;Morris to Smith, no run just short of midwicket! Another delivery banged in, Smith on the pull and he's beaten for pace, the ball comes off the handle and glove. Some pain for Smith;
1.2;4;Morris to Smith, FOUR runs fairly similar delivery, just a touch shorter outside off, Smith goes across the crease and pulls it through straight midwicket off the front foot;
1.1;?;Morris to Smith, no run full outside off, hint of shape away from Smith who allows himself the luxury of a leave;
0.6;?;Rabada to Watson, no run full at off stump, Watson comes onto the front foot and defends;
0.5;1;Rabada to Smith, 1 run now he's back to the short ball, Smith pulls it behind square;
0.4;W;Rabada to Finch, OUT fantastic bowling! That's a textbook yorker, lock the replay of that one away for your career, Kagiso. Dead-eye accurate on middle and off, squeezes under the toe end of Finch's bat. Done for pace.;Aaron Finch b Rabada 2 (2m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
0.3;?;Rabada to Finch, no run fuller, on middle and off, straightens a touch on Finch and squares him up...the ball squirts into the off side;
0.2;2;Rabada to Finch, 2 runs banged in short again, this time Finch goes squarer with his pull, gets it over midwicket without perfectly timing it...comes off more top edge than middle;
0.1;?;Rabada to Finch, no run short of a length outside off, pulled straight to mid-on;

Rababa will begin. He has a slip in...
Welcome back, folks. Gnasher with you for the chase. Sagar: "That last over from Hastings had everything in bold! From 3-0-16-1 to 1-0-26-1. "
Pieter L?bbe: "Ample bowling options for SA. If you include Duminy and Behardien, they'll have 7 bowlers" Do you want to include Duminy and Behardien?
Just a reminder what is chaseable on this ground.
 Innings Start
South Africa
Australia
2nd T20I, Johannesburg, Mar 6 2016, Australia tour of South Africa
204/7
205/5
Player of the match is David Warner, AUS
Australia won by 5 wickets
