Data
Alan Gardner will be here in 10 minutes or so to take you through the run chase.
"196 off 22 overs" chimes Roger Walker. How costly will those wides prove?
7.37pm: 196 for 6 - nowhere near as many as it might have been from a platform of 70 for 1 after the first six, but a useful total nonetheless. Finch and Smith got Australia off to a fast start, before Marsh, Carey and Agar's cameos dragged them up to a pretty useful score, that I would guess is slightly above par. South Africa were profligate, giving away 12 wides, and some of the fielding let plenty to be desired. Steyn was the pick of the bowlers, finishing with exactly the same figures as Shamsi: 4-0-31-2.
19.6;4;Rabada to Agar, FOUR runs back of a length, looks to mow through midwicket but top-edged down to third man for four! Australia have had plenty of luck this innings, and that's how it ends, with a bit of fortune.;
19.5;1;Rabada to Starc, 1 run back of a length, follows him, bottom-edged towards short midwicket and they scamper through for one;
19.4;1;Rabada to Agar, 1 run yorker, dug out into the off side;
19.3;2;Rabada to Agar, 2 runs edged to short third man, where Shamsi takes an easy chance pulls out of it! Bizarre, miscommunication between de Kock and Shamsi, and neither of them went for what would have been an easy chance;
19.2;6;Rabada to Agar, SIX runs all the way this time! In the slot, Agar sits deep in the crease and slugs it just over mid-off;
19.1;4;Rabada to Agar, FOUR runs fullish outside off, slashed between extra cover and mid-off and away for four! Cleared the front dog, and carved into the gap;
18.6;6;Ngidi to Starc, SIX runs length outside off, clubbed miles into the air, and it carries this time! Starc throws plenty into the shot, it went high into the air and just about beat du Plessis at long-on... just the 74 metres;
18.5;?;Ngidi to Starc, no run slower ball, not picked and Starc is through the shot too early... beaten all ends up!;
18.4;1;Ngidi to Agar, 1 run nudged out to point, de Kock does the fielding and Agar turns down the second;
18.3;W;Ngidi to Marsh, OUT length outside off, clubbed very high into the leg side, and Steyn takes a brilliant catch! Looks to mow one over midwicket, top-edged it towards square leg, where Steyn ran in and round, before diving to take the chance... EDIT: only just clung on, landed in the fingertips and very nearly popped out!;Mitchell Marsh c Steyn b Ngidi 19 (34m 14b 1x4 1x6) SR: 135.71;
18.3;1w;Ngidi to Marsh, 1 wide full toss, down the leg side;
18.2;1;Ngidi to Agar, 1 run another cutter, fenced out to cover point to get big Mitch on strike;
18.1;?;Ngidi to Agar, no run slowie in the channel, Agar looks to drive through the covers but can't lay bat on it;
11.6;1;Steyn to Smith, 1 run short and wide outside off, cut aerially down to deep backward point on the bounce;
11.6;1w;Steyn to Smith, 1 wide slower ball, wayward down the leg side and he'll have to try again;
11.5;W;Steyn to Wade, OUT slower ball, length outside off, huge blow high into the air, but it's not got the distance on it to clear the long side of the ground... Miller settles underneath it at deep midwicket, and takes the catch! De Kock's aggressive move does the trick as Steyn strikes;Matthew Wade c Miller b Steyn 18 (16m 11b 2x4 0x6) SR: 163.63;
11.4;2;Steyn to Wade, 2 runs shuffles across to the off stump, pulls firmly off the hip out to long leg for a couple;
11.3;4;Steyn to Wade, FOUR runs short and wide, crunched through point for four! Not a good ball, and Wade times the cut shot sweetly;
11.2;?;Steyn to Wade, no run uses his feet, doesn't pick the 73mph/118kph slower ball, and checks his shot at the last, pushing into the covers;
11.2;1w;Steyn to Wade, 1 wide shuffles over to the off side, and Steyn looks to fire one in at the ribs. Called wide, harshly I'd suggest. Good bounce and carry;
11.1;1;Steyn to Smith, 1 run bit of width outside off, driven to extra cover where Phehlukwayo makes a superb stop low to his left. Saves three runs;
10.6;1;Shamsi to Smith, 1 run chipped straight down the ground, misfield from van der Dussen running in from long-off, but they don't take on the second run;
10.5;1;Shamsi to Wade, 1 run swept to short fine leg from outside off, they race through for a single;
10.4;1;Shamsi to Smith, 1 run length ball, fired in flatter, tucked out to Miller grazing at cow corner;
10.3;3;Shamsi to Wade, 3 runs tossed up, wide outside the off stump. Wade throws his hands at it, and it flies aerially out towards backwards point. Rabada cuts it off, but they'll get back for a third;
10.2;1;Shamsi to Smith, 1 run Smith uses his feet, googly from Shamsi, short enough to work out to midwicket without any real problem;
10.1;?;Shamsi to Smith, no run tossed up, full and straight, worked back to Shamsi;
17.6;1;Phehlukwayo to Agar, 1 run punched out to deep cover to get off the mark;
17.5;1;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, 1 run wide of the off stump, carved out to the boundary-rider;
17.4;W;Phehlukwayo to Carey, OUT full on off stump, Carey throws everything at it but it flies straight up into the air... Faf sets himself at backward point, it comes down with snow on it but he takes an excellent catch before falling onto his back! Relief, after what seemed like an eternity under the high ball;Alex Carey c du Plessis b Phehlukwayo 27 (26m 22b 3x4 1x6) SR: 122.72;
17.3;1;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, 1 run length outside off, carved out to deep cover;
17.2;6;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, SIX runs length outside off, Marsh picks this one up early and hammers it over cow corner! 82 metres, clubbed hard out the meat of the bat;
17.2;1w;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, 1 wide wide yorker outside off, left alone and called wide. Phehlukwayo grimaces towards the umpire, but it looked like a fair call;
17.1;?;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, no run cutter, Marsh is through the shot early looking to dump one over midwicket;
16.6;?;Steyn to Carey, no run pulled out to square leg, dot to finish;
16.5;2lb;Steyn to Carey, 2 leg byes shifts across to the off side looking to scoop, Steyn follows him and it skews off Carey's body down towards de Kock. Slight fumble, couple of leg byes;
16.4;?;Steyn to Carey, no run wide on the crease, quicker ball on a length, and beats Carey. 87mph/140kph this time, and does Carey for pace;
16.3;1;Steyn to Marsh, 1 run slower ball, yorker-length on fourth stump, dug out to long-on. That's the dipping one out of the fingertips, down at 65mph/104kph;
16.2;?;Steyn to Marsh, no run length outside off, looks to thump through cover off the back foot and can't lay bat on it;
16.1;1;Steyn to Carey, 1 run wide on the crease, cutter, slashed out to deep backward point;
15.6;1;Phehlukwayo to Carey, 1 run cutter again, follows Carey as the batsman looks to give himself room and he can only nudge into the covers;
15.5;1;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, 1 run slower ball, hangs back to nudge into the covers;
15.4;1;Phehlukwayo to Carey, 1 run steers a back-of-a-length ball down to third man;
15.3;?;Phehlukwayo to Carey, no run thumped to mid-off, Steyn makes an excellent diving stop;
15.2;4;Phehlukwayo to Carey, FOUR runs looks to clip through the leg side, finds the outside edge, past de Kock's left hand and away for four! Deceived Carey, little cutter which he didn't pick, and Australia get another slice of luck;
15.1;1;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, 1 run slower ball, rocks onto the back foot and cross-bats it down to long-on;
14.6;1;Rabada to Marsh, 1 run tucked out to long leg off the hip;
14.5;4;Rabada to Marsh, FOUR runs back of a length ball, Marsh top-edges over the keeper for a one-bounce four! 88mph/142kph, looked to slug over square leg but was through it early, and bounces just inside the rope;
14.4;1;Rabada to Carey, 1 run slashes at a slower ball, running it down to third man;
14.4;1w;Rabada to Carey, 1 wide length outside off, harshly called wide. Looked inside the tramlines to me;
14.3;4;Rabada to Carey, FOUR runs length ball pushed across him at 88mph/142kph, square-cut brilliantly away to the boundary! Played very late, beats backward point and races to the fence;
14.2;4;Rabada to Carey, FOUR runs length ball, flashes hard, past backward point and in front of wide third man to run away for four! Offcutter, enough width to cut, and nicely played off the back foot;
14.1;?;Rabada to Carey, no run length ball, sharp bounce, cut to Phehlukwayo at cover point;
14.1;1w;Rabada to Carey, 1 wide hung wide outside the off stump, and called wide;
13.6;1;Smuts to Carey, 1 run length outside off, clubbed to deep midwicket;
13.5;1;Smuts to Marsh, 1 run speared in halfway down, cut out to Steyn in the covers;
13.4;1;Smuts to Carey, 1 run length ball, slightly cramped for room as he pulls out to deep midwicket;
13.3;?;Smuts to Carey, no run full on off stump, driven back to the bowler;
13.2;2;Smuts to Carey, 2 runs speared in halfway down, clipped out to midwicket and they scamper back for a couple;
13.1;1;Smuts to Marsh, 1 run opens up, carving out to deep cover;
12.6;?;Shamsi to Carey, no run length ball, sharp bounce, and edged behind! No, Paleker doesn't like it! SA review almost immediately. Rocked back looking to cut ... nothing on UltraEdge! Great decision, SA were convinced but they must have been deceived by another noise. Carey survives.;
12.5;6;Shamsi to Carey, SIX runs slog sweeps out to deep midwicket, van der Dussen is in the game on the rope... but can only tip it over the bar! At full stretch, leaping, but can only get fingertips on it;
12.4;?;Shamsi to Carey, no run beaten outside off, de Kock whips the bails off but Carey didn't lift his back foot;
12.3;?;Shamsi to Carey, no run slightly full outside off, looks to cut but it keeps a touch low and hits the bottom of the bat;
12.2;1;Shamsi to Marsh, 1 run length ball, cramps him up, chipped out to midwicket;
12.1;1;Shamsi to Carey, 1 run full outside off, Carey gets down to sweep out to deep backward square;
12.1;W;Shamsi to Smith, 1 wide, OUT length ball, down the leg side again and Smith uses his feet looking to work through midwicket... he can't lay bat on it, and de Kock whips the bails off! Think Shamsi saw him coming, dragged it down the leg side, and that's a very sharp stumping made to look easy by QdK. Huge moment!;Steven Smith st ?de Kock b Shamsi 45 (56m 32b 5x4 1x6) SR: 140.62;
9.6;?;Smuts to Wade, no run length on off stump, worked back to the bowler. Ricochets off Smith towards long-off, Wade thinks about stealing a run but Smith sends him back;
9.5;1;Smuts to Smith, 1 run short and wide, steered out to cover on the edge of the ring and they race through;
9.4;2;Smuts to Smith, 2 runs whipped out to deep midwicket, and they hare back for a second;
9.3;1;Smuts to Wade, 1 run leading edge into the off side, lands safely;
9.2;4;Smuts to Wade, FOUR runs launched high, high, very high into the night sky towards deep midwicket... and dropped by van Biljon the debutant! Not the easiest chance, and there was some miscommunication with Rabada... Wade slog-swept, top-edged, and gets a life;
9.1;1;Smuts to Smith, 1 run pushed out to mid-off for a jogged single;
8.6;1;Shamsi to Smith, 1 run tossed up outside off, bit of turn as Smith looks to drive through cover, and he inside edges through his legs and away towards backwards square;
8.5;1;Shamsi to Wade, 1 run nudged out to third man via the outside half of the bat for a single;
8.4;2;Shamsi to Wade, 2 runs legbreak, good turn, carved out to deep cover off the back foot;
8.3;1;Shamsi to Smith, 1 run pushed out for a single;
8.3;1w;Shamsi to Smith, 1 wide down the leg side, another wide;
8.2;W;Shamsi to Finch, OUT Finch steps outside leg, Shamsi follows him, he throws everything through the shot regardless but can't time it. Faf du Plessis settles underneath it at deep midwicket, and takes a good catch on the rope! Just about stayed inside the rope, and that breaks a very useful partnership;Aaron Finch c du Plessis b Shamsi 42 (38m 27b 6x4 1x6) SR: 155.55;
8.1;1;Shamsi to Smith, 1 run fairly flat, slightly full of a length outside off, steered towards cover point;
7.6;1;Phehlukwayo to Smith, 1 run length outside off, Smith shuffles across and pulls out to deep midwicket, but can only find the fielder on the bounce;
7.5;1;Phehlukwayo to Finch, 1 run length on off stump, steered down to wide third man;
7.4;?;Phehlukwayo to Finch, no run length outside off, looks to carve through cover but can't lay bat on it. Finch looks filthy with himself;
7.3;?;Phehlukwayo to Finch, no run steered out to cover point, can't beat the fielder;
7.2;1;Phehlukwayo to Smith, 1 run short ball, pulled hard and Smuts makes a great diving stop at deep backward square to save three runs;
7.1;1;Phehlukwayo to Finch, 1 run slower ball, nudged out to mid-off;
7.1;1w;Phehlukwayo to Finch, 1 wide short and wide, and he'll have to bowl it again. Sloppy stuff from SA;
6.6;1;Shamsi to Finch, 1 run tucked out to square leg on the back foot;
6.5;1;Shamsi to Smith, 1 run tossed up, full on fifth stump, slugged out to deep midwicket;
6.4;1;Shamsi to Finch, 1 run full on leg stump, tucked out behind square;
6.3;?;Shamsi to Finch, no run cramps him for room, struck on the pad looking to work through midwicket;
6.3;1w;Shamsi to Finch, 1 wide speared down the leg side again, Shamsi in a spot of bother;
6.2;1;Shamsi to Smith, 1 run tossed up on off stump, clipped out to deep midwicket;
6.2;1w;Shamsi to Smith, 1 wide down the leg side again, Shamsi under the pump. Short boundary is on the off side, hence this line;
6.2;1w;Shamsi to Smith, 1 wide legbreak, flatter, but down the leg side;
6.1;1;Shamsi to Finch, 1 run full to start, whipped out to square leg, de Kock races after it to stop the second;
5.6;4;Phehlukwayo to Smith, FOUR runs short and wide outside off, adjusts his weight and flays this through point for four! Absolutely thumped, not a great ball and Smith nails it over the man in the ring;
5.5;?;Phehlukwayo to Smith, no run beaten all ends up! Not quite sure how that missed... came back into the right-hander, and cut him in half, jagging between the bat and the back leg, bouncing just over the top!;
5.4;4;Phehlukwayo to Smith, FOUR runs fullish outside off, Smith throws plenty at it looking to go through extra cover but inside edges past leg stump and away for four!;
5.3;?;Phehlukwayo to Smith, no run shuffles across to the off side, looks to guide it through point but inside edges towards midwicket;
5.2;?;Phehlukwayo to Smith, no run worked out to short midwicket, can't beat the fielder;
5.1;4;Phehlukwayo to Smith, FOUR runs wide outside the off stump, throws his hands at it, and it races away through backward point for four. Smith had so much time, transferred his weight onto the back foot and it sat up nicely off the pitch;
4.6;6;Ngidi to Finch, SIX runs full and straight, Finch lofts straight down the ground for six! Straight bat, opened up to get leg side of the ball, and launched over mid-off for an 82m maximum;
4.5;2;Ngidi to Finch, 2 runs length, opens the face and steers down to wide third man for a couple. 88mph/142kph;
4.4;4;Ngidi to Finch, FOUR runs slower ball outside off, waits back in his crease and nails it over extra cover! Too short, Finch flings his bat at it and middles it for a one-bounce four;
4.3;4;Ngidi to Finch, FOUR runs back of a length, pulled very hard in front of square and away for four! Powerful shot, sat back in his crease and nailed it in front of the man out on the fence;
4.2;?;Ngidi to Finch, no run back of a length, steps outside leg and drives out to extra cover on the back foot. Hurls down the stumps at the non-striker's, but Smith is comfortably in;
4.1;1;Ngidi to Smith, 1 run back of a length, tucked out to square leg off the hip;
3.6;?;Rabada to Finch, no run 92mph/147kph yorker on off stump, dug out to straight midiwkcet;
3.5;?;Rabada to Finch, no run length on leg stump, tickled round the corner to Shamsi on the 45;
3.4;?;Rabada to Finch, no run length on off stump, driven to Smuts at cover. 91mph/147kph;
3.3;4;Rabada to Finch, FOUR runs steep bounce, Finch is cramped for room but jabs his bat at it and guides it down to third man for a one-bounce four! Shaping to cut, done for pace but enough on it;
3.2;1;Rabada to Smith, 1 run steered down to third man;
3.1;6;Rabada to Smith, SIX runs back-of-a-length outside off, Smith throws plenty at this looking to slug over midwicket, top-edged it over third man for six! That's what altitude will do...;
2.6;4;Steyn to Finch, FOUR runs length, wide outside off, opens the face and flays it through point for four! Crunched, great shot;
2.5;1;Steyn to Smith, 1 run driven out to mid-off for one;
2.4;4;Steyn to Smith, FOUR runs full and wide, Smith throws everything at it and slashes it through backward point for four!;
2.3;1;Steyn to Finch, 1 run dipping slower ball, turns into a low full toss, and clipped out to midwicket. This was the very slow slower ball, down at 74mph, which he foxed Bairstow with in the England series. Hard to pick out the hand;
2.2;?;Steyn to Finch, no run length ball in the channel, fended out to cover on the back foot;
2.1;?;Steyn to Finch, no run slower ball, Finch looks to flick through square leg but is struck on the thigh pad. Down at 69mph/110kph;
1.6;4;Ngidi to Smith, FOUR runs short and wide outside the off stump, cut uppishly down to Steyn on the third-man boundary, but he loses sight of it right at the last moment and it flies over his right shoulder! Looks like he lost it in the floodlights, didn't make any attempt to catch it!;
1.5;?;Ngidi to Smith, no run back of a length outside off, looks to crunch through the covers off the back foot but is through the shot early. Skews into the off side off the bat;
1.4;?;Ngidi to Smith, no run length outside off, 86mph/139kph, Smith shuffles across looking to hoick from outside off and through midwicket, but can't lay bat on it;
1.3;3;Ngidi to Finch, 3 runs length outside off, punched through the covers off the back foot. Du Plessis races after it, and brings out a big dive to cut it off;
1.2;?;Ngidi to Finch, no run short ball, looks to tuck it into the leg side but it strikes the body and dribbles down at his feet;
1.1;4;Ngidi to Finch, FOUR runs width outside the off stump, sits up, and Finch flays it through cover point for four! Imperious;
0.6;?;Steyn to Smith, no run slower ball, slightly full of a length. Holds in the pitch, Smith pushes into the off side;
0.5;?;Steyn to Smith, no run wide length ball outside the off stump, fenced out to cover on the edge of the ring;
0.4;1;Steyn to Finch, 1 run length outside off, looks to guide it through the off side and inside edges down to long leg;
0.3;4;Steyn to Finch, FOUR runs bludgeoned through the covers for four!;
0.2;W;Steyn to Warner, OUT Warner goes second ball, and Steyn is pumped! Length ball, plenty of bounce, found the top edge as he looked to flick it into the leg side, and it flew up to Shamsi at long leg on the boundary. Steyn brings out a slow-motion chainsaw celebration, and Warner looks disgruntled at the extent to which that shot up from a length;David Warner c Shamsi b Steyn 4 (1m 2b 1x4 0x6) SR: 200;
0.1;4;Steyn to Warner, FOUR runs back of a length, bit of width, 84mph/135kph and Warner carves it away through the covers off the back foot! Bit of a freebie to start, nicely timed with a cross bat;

Here we go then, Warner and Finch out in the middle. Looks a little hazy. Steyn to start, from the Golf Course End. Over the wicket with a slip in place.
5.54pm: Plenty riding on this series for AndrewM: "Promised my wife that if SA won the England T20 series, we could have a third kid," he writes. "Thankfully, Quinton agreed that we shouldn't, but I enjoyed my wife getting involved in the cricket. Now the offer's back on the table..."
A bit of detail on van Biljon, the debutant for you: he was Tshwane Spartans' second-top run-scorer in the MSL this season, with 192 runs at 48.00 and a strike rate of 139.13. He's from Bloemfontein, and is an occasional wicketkeeper, but will be prowling round the outfield today. Since the start of 2018, he has struck at 147 against spin and 153 against seam, and has struck at 183 at the death in that time period.
Klaassen injury is a "right hip issue", I'm told. No news yet as to how serious it is, and whether he'll be able to play some part in the series. Played brilliantly in the 3rd T20I against England, making 66 off 33 balls.
5.45pm: How strong does that South Africa attack look, by the way? Wonder who Imran Tahir comes back in for ahead of the T20 World Cup... and Nortje 3310 can only make the bench...
Brett "Fish": "Last game to watch from the Philippines before starting our long journey home tomorrow. Great to have Rabada/Steyn again and hopefully they're on target. Be nice to start with a win." It's late over there, Brett! Good on ya - not many cricket fans in South Mindanao!
ABK: "Why is Richardson chosen ahead of Hazlewood?" 'Richo' had a pretty good home summer in T20Is, and Hazlewood isn't really proven in the short format: his five games in this season's Big Bash were his first since March 2016. That said, I'm sure he'll come into the WC reckoning after a season with MSD's Super Kings.
Dunce: "Picking Agar before Stoinis is baffling! Surely another batting option is more important than a bowling allrounder?" Stoinis' record is miles better at the top of the order than in the middle, and Australia are after role clarity. I agree that Agar doesn't inspire much confidence, though - surely there's a better second spinner out there?
5.35pm: So Pite van Biljon will make his international debut. Heinrich Klaasen was originally listed to play instead of Smuts, but was injured in the warm-ups. Van der Dussen is carded to open, but Smuts could well replace him at the top.
Australia's side is as you'd expect, though it'll be interesting to see exactly what order Wade, Carey and Marsh end up coming in.
South African have won the toss and chosen to chase.
"We played on the same wicket in the ODI against England and the short boundary came in handy," says de Kock. "We had two days off, and the boys are back and excited to play again. Great to have KG and Faf back."
"It's a touch tacky on top so there might be a bit there early," says Finch. "It's a great place to play cricket, we're looking forward to it. From November, it's been a real build towards this T20 World Cup, and this is part of it, to make sure we keep building towards it. We've got a lot of confidence."
Teams:
South Africa: 1 Quinton de Kock (capt/wk), 2 Rassie van der Dussen, 3 Faf du Plessis, 4 Jon-Jon Smuts, 5 David Miller, 6 Pite von Biljon, 7 Andile Phehlukwayo, 8 KG Rabada, 9 Dale Steyn, 10 Lungi Ngidi, 11 Tabraiz Shamsi
Australia : 1 David Warner, 2 Aaron Finch (capt), 3 Steven Smith, 4 Matt Wade, 5 Mitchell Marsh, 6 Alex Carey (wk), 7 Ashton Agar, 8 Pat Cummins, 9 Mitchell Starc, 10 Adam Zampa, 11 Kane Richardson
5.30pm: Time for the toss.
More from Firdose: "I know there's a lot of posters being prepped saying: 'We know what you did last summer.'" Think we saw plenty of those in England last year... more creativity please, Saffas
"Doesn't matter for me what Warner and Smith did. I love them as fine cricketers. Whatever had happened, shouldn't have happened. I believe they both are growing as better persons moving forward leaving bitter moments behind thus presenting themselves as great assets of the game of cricket. As an Indian I love cricket and wish them good luck." Very measured, Krisn bhaskar k. Though I'm not convinced the Bullring will share your sentiments!
5.25pm: Some news from Firdose Moonda - "The Wanderers have closed the Open East stand. The people who bought tickets for that area are being relocated. Apparently they tested the stand yesterday and it's rickety."
For South Africa, there's no Temba Bavuma, who misses out due to a hamstring strain, with Jon-Jon Smuts and Faf du Plessis the candidates to replace him at the top of the order. Charl Langeveldt has been bemoaning the lack of death bowling in the SA ranks this week, but Kagiso Rabada and Anrich Nortje are back to complement Lungi Ngidi and Dale Steyn.
A couple of bits of news regarding Australia first of all: we're expecting to see Mitch Marsh given a chance to impress as the finisher today, and he's just signed for Middlesex, on a T20 deal, which had been in the offing for a little while. Meanwhile, Essex have just announced that they've signed Moises Henriques to add to Adam Zampa as their second Blast overseas player, while Chris Lynn is out in Lahore giving it a whack as I type after missing out on this squad.
5.10pm: We're expecting a high-scorer today: the average runs per over at this ground since the start of 2015 in T20Is is 9.43, and 8.70 in all T20s. There's no real pattern regarding teams being more successful batting or bowling first, but expect the ball to fly at altitude.
5.00pm: 23 months on, they're back. David Warner and Steve Smith's return to South African soil has dominated the build-up ahead of this T20I series: Warner has asked for "respect", Smith reckons he'll "play along", Aaron Finch thinks the pair will be spurred on and Josh Hazlewood thinks they won't be "fazed one bit". Put the proof will be in the pudding. Welcome to our live ball-by-ball commentary of the first T20I in Johannesburg: I'll be joined by Alan Gardner, with Ranjith on the numbers, to take you through the details of the most hotly-awaited comebacks since Thierry Henry's return to Arsenal.
 Innings Start
9.25pm: Well, the series has started with a bang, all right! Australia's women may have slipped on day one of the Women's T20 World Cup, but the men have handed out a right royal pasting in Johannesburg, as they sharpen their own tournament planning. Anyway, Firdose's report will have the long and the short of it (very short in the case of South Africa's innings) and we'll be back for more from Port Elizabeth on Sunday. Thanks for chipping in, from Matt, Ranjith and myself, it's good night and good luck. Bye!
9.15pm: Time for the presentations, starting with South Africa captain Quinton de Kock: "Not too sure what happened there [with the bowling], the energy was there but the skills weren't good enough tonight. We pride ourselves on our fielding and tonight we weren't at our best. But as long as we get up tomorrow and try and fight for the next game. We can't do much at practice, it's more of a mental thing, we have to come out with that fight on Sunday."
Ashton Agar is Man of the Match: "It was really exciting, the highlight of my cricketing life. My job is made a lot easier when I have Mitch, Patty Cummins, Richo and Zamps doing the job before me. [Starc new ball?] To have a guy steaming in and putting the ball down at 150kph, it puts fear in the opposition. Starting well is important in T20 and that's what we did today. Unbelievable catch [from Finch for the hat-trick], great team performance."
Australia captain Aaron Finch: [Great game] "Absolutely, it was, we set the tone in the field, took a couple of sharp chances and Ashton bowled really well, all round a good performance. When you're chasing 200, you have to get off to a good start, but Starcy bowling Quinton with a beauty, it puts you on the back foot. But I would have batted second, too, so it was a good toss to lose. The way we attacked the crease and bowled a good aggressive length was really impressive. Not letting them get away and put us on the back foot. [Hat-trick ball] There's about 10% chance of me catching that. He bowled beautifully today and deserved it."
9.05pm: Oh dear, that is a sorry mess for the Saffers: their lowest T20 international total, their biggest T20I defeat. Australia have steamrolled their way to victory here at the Wanderers, where after all the talk of having to brave a storm on their return to South Africa, it is the hosts who have been roughed up. Eighth T20I win in a row for Finch's side, and it really does look like they are building well towards the World Cup on home soil later this year. Everyone chipped in with the bat, and then Ashton Agar proved himself worthy of the Dre Russ bantz by ripping through South Africa, with only the second hat-trick by an Australian in T20Is!
14.3;W;Zampa to Rabada, OUT bowled 'im, this one is done! Pushed through flatter and Rabada has one swing too many... Zampa hits middle, and South Africa have been retired on their stool! Australia win by 107 runs to go 1-0 up in the series;Kagiso Rabada b Zampa 22 (26m 19b 1x4 2x6) SR: 115.78;
14.2;1;Zampa to Shamsi, 1 run flicked for a single;
14.1;1;Zampa to Rabada, 1 run tossed up and worked off the stumps;
13.6;?;Agar to Shamsi, no run floated up wide of the stumps, Shamsi comes across and pokes it away safely... Agar finishes with 5 for 25, and that has pretty much finished South Africa;
13.5;1;Agar to Rabada, 1 run steps down and swings one more away through midwicket;
13.4;?;Agar to Rabada, no run tossed up and tapped back;
13.3;1;Agar to Shamsi, 1 run drops back and cuts, gets it through for a scrambled single;
13.2;?;Agar to Shamsi, no run so close to hitting off stump! Spinning through as Shamsi tried to cut and missed, nearly Agar's second 'trick of the game!;
13.1;W;Agar to Ngidi, OUT that's five! Plopped into the hands of long-on! Agar can barely believe it, he's king of the 'ring tonight. Misbegotten shot from Ngidi, straight to the man set back;Lungi Ngidi c Warner b Agar 1 (5m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 20;
12.6;6;Kane Richardson to Rabada, SIX runs banged in short, Rabada pulls - hoicked high into the crowd at fine leg! Rabada continuing to belt a few consolation runs for the SA cause;
12.5;1;Kane Richardson to Ngidi, 1 run makes a bit of room and slaps it back down the track, Richardson gets a hand on it;
12.4;?;Kane Richardson to Ngidi, no run short outside off, 136kph/84mph and again Ngidi swings hard but fails to connect;
12.3;?;Kane Richardson to Ngidi, no run back of a length, in the channel and he fails to connect;
12.2;?;Kane Richardson to Ngidi, no run pitched up, Ngidi gets into line and jabs it towards mid-on;
12.1;1;Kane Richardson to Rabada, 1 run shortish outside off and Rabada slices one to third man;
11.6;W;Agar to van Biljon, OUT pegs back leg stump! That's a bingo for Agar, who has career-best figures! Dirty ole slog across the line from van Biljon, the ball gripping just enough as it skidded on underneath the bat. South Africa eight down and hurting;Pite van Biljon b Agar 16 (26m 15b 2x4 0x6) SR: 106.66;
11.5;1;Agar to Rabada, 1 run fired across the bows from round the wicket, Rabada slaps a cut to deep backward point;
11.4;1;Agar to van Biljon, 1 run pushed through on the stumps and nudged behind square on the leg side;
11.3;4;Agar to van Biljon, FOUR runs edged wide of the tumbling Finch! Turn and bounce for Agar and van Biljon fences wildly at it, just out of reach at slip, might have even grazed the fingertips!;
11.2;?;Agar to van Biljon, no run flatter, on the stumps and not much turn, van Biljon covers up in defence;
11.1;2;Agar to van Biljon, 2 runs tossed up on the stumps and worked through the leg side;
10.6;?;Starc to Rabada, no run pitched up, wide-ish and yorker-ish and it squeezes under the toe of the bat through to Carey;
10.5;?;Starc to Rabada, no run good length, 144kph/89mph and straightening with malice aforethought as Rabada fishes at a drive and fails to connect;
10.5;5w;Starc to Rabada, 5 wide flung down the leg side, Carey misses it as the ball bobbles in front of him... and fine leg won't get around, either! More donations to the poor;
10.4;?;Starc to Rabada, no run short ball, 143kph outside off, swing and a miss this time;
10.3;4;Starc to Rabada, FOUR runs pitched up, 142kph/88mph and sweetly clipped for four! Bisects mid-on and midwicket and rattles away to the rope;
10.3;1w;Starc to Rabada, 1 wide slides a length ball down the leg side for a wide;
10.2;?;Starc to Rabada, no run full again, bunted back down the track;
10.1;?;Starc to Rabada, no run low full toss, Rabada hangs back and gets an inside edge on to his pads;
9.6;1;Agar to Rabada, 1 run pushed square on the off side, might have been two there but the calling wasn't great;
9.5;6;Agar to Rabada, SIX runs whumped into the empty stands at deep midwicket! Cleanly struck slog-sweep from KG, gives the crowd something to cheer;
9.4;1;Agar to van Biljon, 1 run tapped into a gap coming across;
9.3;?;Agar to van Biljon, no run tossed up, spins to hit PvB on the body as he sweeps... was that high? Agar isn't keen on a review, but it looked pretty close to me!;
9.2;?;Agar to van Biljon, no run drops back and steers towards backward point, Rabada had come down but is sent back;
9.1;4;Agar to van Biljon, FOUR runs goes for the lofted drive... and only just clears mid-off! Van Biljon biffs it just well enough to pick up four;
8.6;?;Zampa to Rabada, no run flighted, spinning a touch on off stump, KG defends;
8.5;?;Zampa to Rabada, no run tossed up and pushed into the covers;
8.4;1;Zampa to van Biljon, 1 run pushed through straighter and van Biljon works it through backward square leg;
8.3;1;Zampa to Rabada, 1 run full on the stumps, Rabada tucks one through midwicket to get off the mark;
8.2;?;Zampa to Rabada, no run tossed up and Rabada defends on off stump;
8.1;1;Zampa to van Biljon, 1 run flighted, on the stumps and worked around the corner;
7.6;W;Agar to Steyn, OUT GOTTIM!! Edged to slip! Tossed one up and Steyn, in no mood for backing down, had a big old yahoo, squirting a thick edge to Finch, who held it well! Agar goes bombing off, what a moment for him, and South Africa are on their knees in the Bullring!;Dale Steyn c Finch b Agar 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
7.5;W;Agar to Phehlukwayo, OUT given lbw first ball! May have been a touch leg side and Phehlukwayo reviews, but the replays quickly show that the ball pitched in line and was straightening bang on leg stump! This innings is quickly going belly up for South Africa!;Andile Phehlukwayo lbw b Agar 0 (3m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
7.4;W;Agar to du Plessis, OUT goes inside out, slugged over the off side... straight to the boundary rider! Du Plessis won't be making any more of a statement today! Agar with a loopy, wide delivery and he couldn't get the timing, plinked off the toe and it almost didn't carry to Richardson on the rope;Faf du Plessis c Richardson b Agar 24 (34m 22b 3x4 0x6) SR: 109.09;
7.3;1;Agar to van Biljon, 1 run flatter, skidding on with the arm, nudged off the pads behind square;
7.2;?;Agar to van Biljon, no run tossed up and punched towards cover;
7.1;1;Agar to du Plessis, 1 run pushed through from round the wicket, tapped through the covers;
6.6;1;Zampa to du Plessis, 1 run lobbed up straighter, tucked off the front pad for a single to midwicket;
6.5;?;Zampa to du Plessis, no run another slider, angled in on off stump, Faf punches it away;
6.4;1;Zampa to van Biljon, 1 run pushed through flatter, steered for a single into the covers;
6.3;?;Zampa to van Biljon, no run tossed up, spinning on off stump and tapped away;
6.2;W;Zampa to Miller, OUT sliding across, Miller props forward - flicks the outside edge! Zampa and Carey go up in celebration and Miller isn't hanging around. Playing for spin and he just tickled through to the keeper, SA in all sorts of trouble here;David Miller c ?Carey b Zampa 2 (4m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
6.1;2;Zampa to Miller, 2 runs pushed through from over the wicket, turned with the spin for a couple;
5.6;?;Cummins to du Plessis, no run stabbed into the covers, but well cut off;
5.5;W;Cummins to Smuts, OUT top-edged on the pull, this is going to be a tough one... but Zamps holds it running back! The ball stayed up for an age, after Smuts failed to get hold of it, and Zampa must have been running around in circles from short fine leg, as he suddenly shot into view and grabbed on, before falling back and slamming his head into the turf. But he seems okay, and SA are three down!;JJ Smuts c Zampa b Cummins 7 (11m 5b 1x4 0x6) SR: 140;
5.4;1;Cummins to du Plessis, 1 run short ball, whirled on the pull towards short fine leg, Zampa cuts it off;
5.3;1;Cummins to Smuts, 1 run tip and run to mid-off, Warner swoops and this could be tight... but he misses, when a direct hit would have left Smuts well short!;
5.2;1;Cummins to du Plessis, 1 run short, pace off from Cummins, tucked through square leg off the back foot;
5.1;2;Cummins to du Plessis, 2 runs back of a length, 139kph/87mph and sliced past Carey off the toe, Starc does really well running around at third man to cut it off;
4.6;1;Kane Richardson to du Plessis, 1 run another slower ball wide of the stumps, du Plessis slaps it through the infield for one more;
4.5;1;Kane Richardson to Smuts, 1 run shortish, 137kph/85mph and steered through the covers off the back foot;
4.4;1;Kane Richardson to du Plessis, 1 run pitched up in the channel, thumped to the man at extra cover but a misfield brings them one;
4.3;?;Kane Richardson to du Plessis, no run shortish, maybe a cutter, just 118kph and du Plessis swings wildly only for it to come off the toe of the bat;
4.2;1;Kane Richardson to Smuts, 1 run back of a length outside off, punched through the covers;
4.1;4;Kane Richardson to Smuts, FOUR runs short and smoked through midwicket! Smuts latches on to his first ball and muscles it away;
3.6;4;Cummins to du Plessis, FOUR runs goes again, beyond the reach of Carey! Took this from well outside off, used the pace and got enough on it to pick up four more to fine leg;
3.5;4;Cummins to du Plessis, FOUR runs brings out the scoop, gets it away to fine leg! Cute from Faf, moving across early and shovelling four;
3.4;?;Cummins to du Plessis, no run back of a length, jabbed down into the covers as he starts to back away;
3.3;?;Cummins to du Plessis, no run shortish, nipping back to take the inside edge and then kiss du Plessis on the inside thigh... Kiss like a rottweiler, that is;
3.2;W;Cummins to van der Dussen, OUT slapped straight up, h-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-g-h towards third man... and taken by Starc! He had to plunge forward as the ball threatened to land short of him, but held it well, a spiralling chance into the Joburg night sky as RVD? flung the hands at a miscued drive. Cummins strikes second ball;Rassie van der Dussen c Starc b Cummins 6 (15m 10b 1x4 0x6) SR: 60;
3.1;?;Cummins to van der Dussen, no run back of a length, 139kph/87mph and kicking to hit high up the bat as RVD? defends on off stump;
2.6;4;Starc to du Plessis, FOUR runs short on the pads, 143kph and he uses the pace to his advantage, smuggled down to fine leg for four! First boundary for du Plessis;
2.5;?;Starc to du Plessis, no run back of a length outside off and whistling through as du Plessis attempts to ride the bounce;
2.5;1w;Starc to du Plessis, 1 wide pitched full, 144kph/89mph and angling across, too far across for the umpire's liking;
2.4;1;Starc to van der Dussen, 1 run bit of width, 142kph/88mph and carved down to third man off a thick outside edge;
2.3;4;Starc to van der Dussen, FOUR runs slammed into the pitch, van der Dussen swats at it, gloved over the keeper for four! Shout of "catch!" from Starc but Carey wasn't getting there!;
2.2;?;Starc to van der Dussen, no run short of a length, banged in at 135kph/83mph and tapped down defensively from the crease;
2.1;?;Starc to van der Dussen, no run Starc fires this full in the channel outside off, left alone by Rassie;
1.6;1;Kane Richardson to van der Dussen, 1 run fired in straighter, nudged behind square on the leg side;
1.5;?;Kane Richardson to van der Dussen, no run back of a length, 137kph/85mph and zipping through past the top edge as RVD? throws the hands and misses with a cut;
1.4;?;Kane Richardson to van der Dussen, no run good length, around off stump and van der Dussen pushes it towards mid-off;
1.3;1;Kane Richardson to du Plessis, 1 run steps down and tries to hit him off his line, skewed into the leg side for one;
1.2;?;Kane Richardson to du Plessis, no run length on off stump, 134kph/83mph and du Plessis stabs it down towards backward point;
1.1;2;Kane Richardson to du Plessis, 2 runs fired in straight with the arm, Faf works a couple through backward square leg;
0.6;?;Starc to van der Dussen, no run full and curling back malevolently to hit the pads again... but doing too much this time;
0.5;1;Starc to du Plessis, 1 run pitched up wide of off stump from over the wicket, 147kph/91mph and squeezed down towards third man to get off the mark;
0.4;?;Starc to du Plessis, no run swing again, struck on the back pad... umpire Holdsworth not taken with the appeal, though! Maybe a touch high? Starc already a menace here;
0.3;W;Starc to de Kock, OUT zing go the bails! Top of middle stump pegged back! Boy that swung, a banana ball from Starc and de Kock slips up early in the chase! Fired in straight and then snaking back past de Kock's attempt to work across the line, pinging the woodwork;Quinton de Kock b Starc 2 (2m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
0.2;?;Starc to de Kock, no run hard length, 136kph in the channel, punched square this time;
0.1;2;Starc to de Kock, 2 runs shortish outside off, 136kph/84mph and offering de Kock a little width as he chops through backward point, well stopped on the rope by the diving Mitchell Marsh;

Here come the Australians, who it's worth noting haven't lost in this format since 2018. Mitchell Starc to start up from the Corlett Drive End, one slip in
Hello, everyone. That was a reasonably satisfying thrash from Australia - a little disjointed but they got up to a pretty decent score. Can South Africa produce some unrelenting pongo of their own, or is it going to be three T20I defeats on the spin?
"How many times in t20s has every batsman hit a 4 or 6 but no one make a 50?" Probably more often than you think, Henry (aka. I have no idea)
 Innings Start
Australia
South Africa
1st T20I (N), Johannesburg, Feb 21 2020, Australia tour of South Africa
196/6
89
Player of the match is Ashton Agar, AUS
Australia won by 107 runs
