Data
2.18 pm Australia end an over short, but a brilliant fightback nonetheless led by Smith and Coulter-Nile. West Indies paid for some inconsistent fielding though. Smith arguably should have been caught at deep fine leg on 26 but Cottrell misjudged the chance and Coulter-Nile was also grassed on a much simpler effort by Hetmyer on 61 at deep midwicket. The wides were also costly too, releasing the pressure after West Indies had Australia under the pump. Can West Indies chase this down? See what our MatchDay studio panel has to say.
In spite of that earlier misjudged chance by Cottrell, he made up for it later with this stunner to finally claim Smith at deep fine leg. Watch Sheldon Cottrell's sensational catch on the boundary. It came after Smith and Alex Carey initially led Australia's fightback to dig out of a major hole at 79 for 5. Watch how Smith and Carey put Australia back in the game (UK, IRE, AUS only).
48.6;W;Brathwaite to Starc, OUT Brathwaite rewarded for pitching it up again, in the slot on off, Starc tried to heave it over Holder at wide long-on but didn't get under it enough and the tallest man on the field has no issues claiming this one roving left a few yards inside the rope at chest height.;Mitchell Starc c Holder b Brathwaite 8 (13m 9b 1x4 0x6) SR: 88.88;
48.5;?;Brathwaite to Starc, no run bouncer on the body, late hooking. No wide called on the line down leg. Ball passed over leg stump.;
48.4;4;Brathwaite to Starc, FOUR runs another short ball, this time Starc crunches it sweet through midwicket.;
48.3;?;Brathwaite to Starc, no run slower bouncer, Starc is early trying to pull at 78 mph.;
48.2;W;Brathwaite to Coulter-Nile, OUT Coulter-Nile falls four short of breaking the record for a No. 8 in ODIs! It was in the slot outside off, he went for glory trying to clear Holder at wide long-off but got under it just a bit too much. The bat turned on connection too so wasn't timed as well as he wanted. In the air for awhile before coming down to the West Indies captain three yards inside the rope.;Nathan Coulter-Nile c Holder b Brathwaite 92 (79m 60b 8x4 4x6) SR: 153.33;
48.1;2;Brathwaite to Coulter-Nile, 2 runs full and wide, Coulter-Nile misses a drive, but Hope fumbles the take. Universe Boss makes a galaxy sprint from short third man to relay back in. He's holding his left hammy now. Given as runs by the umpire instead of byes.;
47.6;2;Thomas to Starc, 2 runs full and wide, driven in the air toward Hetmyer at mid-off, he dives right to knock it down but not cleanly enough to prevent a second run. It means Coulter-Nile will be on strike for the next over.;
47.5;2;Thomas to Starc, 2 runs very full on the legs, clipped behind square, relay comes in from long leg running right.;
47.4;?;Thomas to Starc, no run short on the body, goes to pull, off the glove before bouncing short of Hope. Does well to save four.;
47.3;1;Thomas to Coulter-Nile, 1 run another wide yorker, dug out off the toe to long-off. Coulter-Nile checks the toe of his bat to see if it has 10 more runs in it to take him to a maiden ODI ton.;
47.2;?;Thomas to Coulter-Nile, no run full and wide, thick edge driving but it doesn't carry to Hope.;
47.1;?;Thomas to Coulter-Nile, no run wide yorker, inside edge dragged to Gayle at short fine leg.;
46.6;?;Brathwaite to Starc, no run slower bouncer this time, bottom edges a pull down the leg side collected by Hope.;
46.5;?;Brathwaite to Starc, no run bouncer, beaten hooking.;
46.4;1;Brathwaite to Coulter-Nile, 1 run wide yorker, dug out to long-off.;
46.3;4;Brathwaite to Coulter-Nile, FOUR runs slower ball lands too short, sits up at 67 mph and scorches a pull between deep midwicket and deep backward square.;
46.2;4;Brathwaite to Coulter-Nile, FOUR runs full and very wide, dips the back knee to get under this and carve it over extra cover. Exquisite.;
46.1;W;Brathwaite to Cummins, OUT slower bouncer, Cummins struggles keeping his hands back going to pull, skies it to deep square leg, Cottrell settles under it 10 yards in from the rope. This was 3/10 on the difficulty scale compared to the absurd one-hander he took to dismiss Smith.;Pat Cummins c Cottrell b Brathwaite 2 (12m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
45.6;1;Cottrell to Cummins, 1 run fullish length outside off, pushed to extra cover, good stop by Nurse moving left to keep it to one.;
45.5;1;Cottrell to Coulter-Nile, 1 run short outside off, slapped to long-off.;
45.4;6;Cottrell to Coulter-Nile, SIX runs highest score now by a No. 8 in a World Cup! In the slot outside off, drives through the line 15 yards into the stands over long-on.;
45.3;6;Cottrell to Coulter-Nile, SIX runs dropped! Very harsh but it did ricochet off Brathwaite's hand at deep square leg and then hit the rope on the full for six. Shortish length on off stump, Coulter-Nile laces a scorching pull toward Brathwaite at deep square leg, just evades his grasp running to his left and sliding at the last moment. After the take that Cottrell just had in the previous over, the fans and teammate's must be wondering why Brathwaite couldn't match him! But it was 10/10 on the degree of difficulty scale.;
45.2;1;Cottrell to Cummins, 1 run fullish length angled into off stump, chopped off the back foot to third man.;
45.1;1;Cottrell to Coulter-Nile, 1 run full on the legs, flicked to Gayle at short fine leg, swan dive to stop and gets on his knees to soak up the adulation from the crowd.;
44.6;?;Thomas to Cummins, no run yorker on off, dug out back to Thomas.;
44.5;?;Thomas to Cummins, no run fullish length on fifth stump, Cummins wafts and misses.;
44.4;?;Thomas to Cummins, no run short on fifth stump, Cummins sways away.;
44.3;1;Thomas to Coulter-Nile, 1 run short outside off, flat-batted to long-on.;
44.3;1w;Thomas to Coulter-Nile, 1 wide length ball outside off, again just outside the guidelines and evades the drive from Coulter-Nile.;
44.3;1w;Thomas to Coulter-Nile, 1 wide wide yorker, too wide to play at.;
44.2;W;Thomas to Smith, OUT Cottrell with a screamer! No turf trolls eating him up this time at long leg! Fullish length on a fifth stump line. Smith shuffles across once more to flick this high over backward square, Cottrell made an absolute mess of a chance on 26 in an identical slot, this time sprints along the rope 20 yards moving left at full speed and stabs at it with his left hand, knifing it out of the air, then flicks it up before stepping over the rope before reclaiming it after reestablishing himself inside the field of play. 10 out of 10 for sure!;Steven Smith c Cottrell b Thomas 73 (178m 103b 7x4 0x6) SR: 70.87;
44.1;4;Thomas to Smith, FOUR runs full outside off, lofted drive over wide mid-off. Elegant!;
43.6;1;Nurse to Smith, 1 run fullish on fourth stump, Smith charges and checks a push through cover.;
43.6;1w;Nurse to Smith, 1 wide full and spinning past the legs. 22 wides and counting....;
43.5;1;Nurse to Coulter-Nile, 1 run full on the legs, clipped to deep midwicket.;
43.4;2;Nurse to Coulter-Nile, 2 runs full and wide, drives in the air wide of long-off for an easy pair.;
43.3;1;Nurse to Smith, 1 run full on off, driven to long-off.;
43.2;1;Nurse to Coulter-Nile, 1 run dropped! Hetmyer shells it! Quicker ball lands short on middle, flat pull by Coulter-Nile didn't get the elevation to clear Hetmyer at deep midwicket. He comes in 12 yards from the rope and slides on his knees to cushion the take but it ricochets out. His body wasn't balanced as well as it could've been.;
43.2;1w;Nurse to Coulter-Nile, 1 wide fuller and quicker down leg, 21st wide of the innings.;
43.1;4;Nurse to Coulter-Nile, FOUR runs shuffles across his stumps, flicks a scoop fine past Hope. Coulter-Nile growing in confidence.;
42.6;1;Brathwaite to Coulter-Nile, 1 run good length ball angled into off stump, guided with an open face to third man.;
42.5;6;Brathwaite to Coulter-Nile, SIX runs tasty buffet bowling! Shin high full toss on middle, Coulter-Nile drives through the line scooping it well over the rope at long-on.;
42.4;2;Brathwaite to Coulter-Nile, 2 runs slower ball on off stump on a good length, pulled high over midwicket, not timed well but lands safely between deep square leg and long-on, it brings up Coulter-Nile's maiden ODI fifty!;
42.3;1;Brathwaite to Smith, 1 run fullish length on off, shuffles across and whips through midwicket.;
42.2;4;Brathwaite to Smith, FOUR runs short of a length on fifth stump, flashes at it and a thick edge goes well wide of Shai Hope fine of third man to the rope.;
42.2;1w;Brathwaite to Smith, 1 wide bouncer down leg, called wide comfortably on the line. 20 wides now in the innings.;
42.1;?;Brathwaite to Smith, no run good length ball on middle, slower delivery at 111 kph/69 mph, flicked straight to midwicket.;
41.6;1;Nurse to Smith, 1 run flighted on off at 58 mph, driven to long-off.;
41.5;?;Nurse to Smith, no run quicker ball full on middle stump, defended.;
41.4;?;Nurse to Smith, no run full and driven to extra cover.;
41.3;1;Nurse to Coulter-Nile, 1 run nearly a runout! Good length ball on the legs tucked off the pads to the man at 45 on the ring, Smith called for a single immediately. Coulter-Nile was ball-watching before setting off, barely beats the relay as Nurse fumbles the collection.;
41.2;1;Nurse to Smith, 1 run full on leg stump, whipped through midwicket.;
41.1;1;Nurse to Coulter-Nile, 1 run fullish length on fourth stump, pushed through the covers.;
40.6;1;Brathwaite to Coulter-Nile, 1 run full on leg stump, clipped square to deep fine leg.;
40.5;1;Brathwaite to Smith, 1 run fullish length angled in on fourth stump, guided with an open face to third man.;
40.4;?;Brathwaite to Smith, no run fullish length on off, pushed to point.;
40.3;1;Brathwaite to Coulter-Nile, 1 run slower ball lands full on fourth stump, keeps the hands back to slice this fine to third man on the rope.;
40.2;4;Brathwaite to Coulter-Nile, FOUR runs low full toss on the pads, wristily flicked over midwicket, beats deep square leg trying to cut it off.;
40.1;1;Brathwaite to Smith, 1 run very full on middle, flicked to long-on.;
39.6;1;Nurse to Smith, 1 run driven firmly to long on;
39.5;?;Nurse to Smith, no run tossed up, he drives powerfully but Nurse fields well in his follow through;
39.4;?;Nurse to Smith, no run full on middle, he drives back to the bowler;
39.3;1;Nurse to Coulter-Nile, 1 run drifting outside off, he pushes off the front foot with an open face to short third man. Gayle wanders across to field and gets a huge cheer;
39.2;1;Nurse to Smith, 1 run drifting across, shorter, he's back and late cutting to short third man;
39.1;1;Nurse to Coulter-Nile, 1 run full on leg, he's back and knocking this behind square;
38.6;1;Russell to Coulter-Nile, 1 run 135kph, high bouncer, he pulls, not in control but he didn't thrash at it, and the lack of power ensure it dropped well short of deep square;
38.5;?;Russell to Coulter-Nile, no run 135kph, angled into the pads, he's taken on the pad and it rolls away;
38.4;6;Russell to Coulter-Nile, SIX runs flicked over square leg! A gift. Length ball on the pads and he picks it up and flicks this over deep square into the crowd!;
38.3;?;Russell to Coulter-Nile, no run high bouncer, he tries to hook fine but is beaten by the bounce. Not called wide;
38.2;?;Russell to Coulter-Nile, no run slower ball, 116kph, he defends from the crease;
38.1;?;Russell to Coulter-Nile, no run 138kph, back of a length, he pushes off the back foot to backward point;
37.6;1;Cottrell to Coulter-Nile, 1 run good length, angled into off, he defends with soft hands into the off side and they pinch one;
37.6;1w;Cottrell to Coulter-Nile, 1 wide 136kph, angled down the leg side and called a wide;
37.5;1;Cottrell to Smith, 1 run shorter length, into the chest, he's inside the line, tucking it behind square for a single;
37.4;2;Cottrell to Smith, 2 runs back of a length outside off, he forces off the back foot through cover-point and they get an easy two;
37.3;?;Cottrell to Smith, no run 136kph, shorter length, angled down leg, he steps inside and tries to pull fine but misses. It's not a wide. Good call. Almost over leg;
37.2;?;Cottrell to Smith, no run good length, angled into off, he pushes from the crease to cover;
37.1;1;Cottrell to Coulter-Nile, 1 run 137kph, full outside off, he swings hard and gets a thick inside edge past the stumps and it flies down to fine leg;
36.6;1;Russell to Coulter-Nile, 1 run short ball, he swivels inside the line, rolls the wrists and controls this down to fine leg;
36.5;2;Russell to Coulter-Nile, 2 runs slower ball outside off, he swings hard, dragging a mistimed strike through midwicket for a couple;
36.4;4;Russell to Coulter-Nile, FOUR runs hooked in the air but into the gap between fine leg and deep square! It wasn't controlled but it found the gap again;
36.3;?;Russell to Coulter-Nile, no run An LBW appeal but he might have got an inside edge. Not out is the call. It was angling down and might have been too high;
36.2;1;Russell to Smith, 1 run slower ball, wide of off, 123kph, he's back and working this with supple wrists behind square;
36.1;?;Russell to Smith, no run 136kph, back of a length, extra bounce, he's surprised a touch driving off the back foot to mid off;
35.6;1;Cottrell to Smith, 1 run 133kph, good length, he pushes on the up to mid on on the circle, takes on Brathwaite's throw, he hits but Smith was nearly past the stumps;
35.5;?;Cottrell to Smith, no run Shorter length, he's back and defending into the off side;
35.4;4;Cottrell to Smith, FOUR runs short and wide, he late cuts off the bottom edge fine of third man and a horrible misfield allows four!;
35.3;?;Cottrell to Smith, no run good length, 127kph angled across, he leans back and flays a back foot drive straight to cover;
35.2;?;Cottrell to Smith, no run nearly caught down leg but it just fell short! Shorter length down leg, he gloved it trying to glance fine but it just bounced short of the diving Hope;
35.1;1;Cottrell to Coulter-Nile, 1 run 130kph, attempted yorker, on off, hint of shape, he chops down on it and runs it behind point for a single;
34.6;1;Russell to Coulter-Nile, 1 run 138kph, back of a length on off, he chops it off inside edge onto pad and it rolls away into the off side, Smith is awake and he pinches one;
34.5;?;Russell to Coulter-Nile, no run 140kph, cracking yorker, tailing into middle, equally well dug out;
34.4;2;Russell to Coulter-Nile, 2 runs launched high over mid on, miles in the air but he didn't time it well enough to find the rope, it pitched well short and he gets two;
34.4;1w;Russell to Coulter-Nile, 1 wide another bouncer that is way too high;
34.4;1w;Russell to Coulter-Nile, 1 wide high bouncer, 132kph, and rightly called wide. Way too high;
34.3;4;Russell to Coulter-Nile, FOUR runs hooked fine! 137kph well directed bouncer, he takes it on and gets the hook off the top edge and it flies fine of fine leg for four;
34.2;?;Russell to Coulter-Nile, no run 111kph short slower ball outside off, he sits and waits and waits and misses the cut shot;
34.1;?;Russell to Coulter-Nile, no run good length, fifth stump line, he tries to cut but is too close to it and plays over the top of it;
33.6;1;Thomas to Coulter-Nile, 1 run shorter into the hip, he pulls well with control wide of fine leg;
33.5;4;Thomas to Coulter-Nile, FOUR runs flicked in the air just fine of deep backward square! 140kph, half volley angled down leg, he flicked it high in the air but it was in the gap between fine leg and deep square and found the rope;
33.4;?;Thomas to Coulter-Nile, no run good length, off stump line, he pushes on the front foot to mid off;
33.4;1w;Thomas to Coulter-Nile, 1 wide 138kph, sprayed way down the leg side;
33.3;2;Thomas to Coulter-Nile, 2 runs shorter length, he pulls in the air but well enough over midwicket for a couple;
33.2;4;Thomas to Coulter-Nile, FOUR runs incredible squeeze down the ground! It was almost a yorker, he jammed the bat down and timed the pants off it, it raced past the stumps, straight of mid on and ran away;
33.1;1;Thomas to Smith, 1 run 138kph, good length, angled down leg, he closes the face early, gets a leading edge that runs through gully;
32.6;3;Russell to Smith, 3 runs 132kph, back of a length, some width offered, he caresses a lovely back foot drive through the vacant cover region, it runs over the practice pitches and they get three;
32.5;?;Russell to Smith, no run 132kph, back of a length, some extra bounce, he's back and across and defending;
32.4;?;Russell to Smith, no run bouncer, not as much bounce as earlier, he ducks under it easily;
32.3;?;Russell to Smith, no run very full, he sits back and whips it to wide mid on but can't beat the man;
32.2;1;Russell to Coulter-Nile, 1 run full, a half-volley, he drives wide of mid off and goes with the stroke, Holder makes a good diving stop to save multiple runs;
32.1;?;Russell to Coulter-Nile, no run 133kph, good length, top of off, he drives on the up to point but it's well cut off by Pooran to keep Coulter-Nile on strike;
31.6;?;Thomas to Smith, no run back of a length, climbs and blows his glove off the bat handle! He reacted theatrically as that reared from a length. He knocked it down OK;
31.5;1;Thomas to Coulter-Nile, 1 run 133kph, full and tailing into off, his head falls a touch, he squeezes it off the inside edge onto pad and rolls away, Smith is aware and calls him through;
31.4;?;Thomas to Coulter-Nile, no run 130kph, bouncer, seemed quicker, he ducks underneath it well enough;
31.3;?;Thomas to Coulter-Nile, no run 131kph, shorter into the hip, he's tied up, trying to work to leg, he gets a leading edge, it pops up but lands safely again;
31.2;?;Thomas to Coulter-Nile, no run full and tailing in, he drives towards mid off;
31.1;?;Thomas to Coulter-Nile, no run full toss on leg, he clips it to forward square;
30.6;1;Russell to Coulter-Nile, 1 run attempted pull pops up but falls safe! Like Maxwell he takes on the short ball second ball, gets onto him way too quickly, pops up off the top edge but it lands safely behind square as the keeper and forward square converge;
30.5;?;Russell to Coulter-Nile, no run 139kph, good length tailing he leaves and it nearly lights up off stump! So close to hitting!;
30.4;W;Russell to Carey, OUT caught behind! Dre Russ does the trick! 132kph, good length, angled across and running away off the seam, Carey caught on the crease, pushes away from the body and gets a thin edge through to Hope! Huge breakthrough that for West Indies.;Alex Carey c ?Hope b Russell 45 (62m 55b 7x4 0x6) SR: 81.81;
30.3;1;Russell to Smith, 1 run 132kph, good length on off, he pushes this slowly to mid on who is back on the circle and they take an easy one;
30.2;?;Russell to Smith, no run 129kph, good length, nipping back, he's covering up in defence;
30.1;?;Russell to Smith, no run 129kph, full, driven back to the bowler;
29.6;1;Nurse to Smith, 1 run full on off, quicker ball at 57 mph, Smith nudges in front of point for a quick run.;
29.5;1;Nurse to Carey, 1 run full on leg stump, driven to long-on.;
29.4;?;Nurse to Carey, no run short outside off and spinning away, Carey tried to swat that wide of midwicket but Russell dives to turn four into one.;
29.3;1;Nurse to Smith, 1 run short of a length on off, backs away to cut behind point.;
29.2;?;Nurse to Smith, no run full on off again, Smith flicks across the line to Nurse's right, who dives and bats this toward Pooran at cover to deny a run.;
29.1;?;Nurse to Smith, no run full on off stump, Smith reaches forward to defend to cover.;
28.6;2;Brathwaite to Carey, 2 runs short again angled into the body, this time Carey goes for the pull and rolls his wrists over to drill this behind square, cut off well on the rope by Nurse.;
28.5;2;Brathwaite to Carey, 2 runs short on fifth stump, Carey gets on his toes to uppercut wide of the keeper, cut off by Cottrell at third man on the rope for a pair.;
28.4;?;Brathwaite to Carey, no run short on the stumps, Carey ducks, ball didn't bounce that high, 76 mph delivery.;
28.3;1;Brathwaite to Smith, 1 run fullish length on leg stump, clipped to deep square leg, Lewis.;
28.2;?;Brathwaite to Smith, no run full on off, driven to mid-off, Holder.;
28.1;1;Brathwaite to Carey, 1 run full on fourth stump, prodded through point to the sweeper.;
27.6;1;Nurse to Carey, 1 run full on off, driven through cover to the sweeper Pooran.;
27.5;1;Nurse to Smith, 1 run full on off, flicked across the line to midwicket.;
27.4;?;Nurse to Smith, no run full and very wide outside off, driven to extra cover, diving stop by Russell. Smith misses out on a boundary.;
27.3;1;Nurse to Carey, 1 run uses his feet and converts this into a low full toss on middle stump driving to long-on.;
27.2;4;Nurse to Carey, FOUR runs pulls out the reverse sweep straightaway and connects beautifully! Floated on fourth stump, calculated shot hitting with the spin turning away from the lefty and smokes this behind point.;
27.1;1;Nurse to Smith, 1 run nearly a wicket first ball! Full outside off, Smith reaches out to drive through cover and drags an inside edge past the stumps.;
26.6;?;Holder to Carey, no run angled across fifth stump on a good length, left alone.;
26.5;2;Holder to Carey, 2 runs short of a length on the hips, goes back and clips it with one hand off the bat down to deep fine leg and they complete an easy pair.;
26.4;?;Holder to Carey, no run full again on fourth stump, another firm drive but this time picks out Lewis on the ring at extra cover.;
26.3;4;Holder to Carey, FOUR runs luscious! Fullish length outside off, gets the head over the ball driving past Lewis at extra cover. Carey starting to hum now.;
26.2;1;Holder to Smith, 1 run full on fourth stump, driven firmly but wide enough of Nurse at mid-off to allow a single, diving stop to save a boundary though.;
26.1;?;Holder to Smith, no run good length ball on fifth stump, Smith defends to mid-off.;
25.6;?;Cottrell to Carey, no run another bouncer to end the over, Carey sways under it.;
25.5;1;Cottrell to Smith, 1 run short of a length on fifth stump, Smith punches off the back foot, thick edge goes to third man.;
25.4;?;Cottrell to Smith, no run bouncer again angled across off stump, Smith ducks under it comfortably.;
25.3;1;Cottrell to Carey, 1 run good length on off, tapped with soft hands behind the stumps and Gayle is not able to deny a sharp single running forward from slip .;
25.2;?;Cottrell to Carey, no run bouncer on off, ducks under it.;
25.1;1;Cottrell to Smith, 1 run good length ball on off, clipped to the leg side.;
24.6;?;Holder to Carey, no run fullish length on fourth stump, defended to cover.;
24.5;1;Holder to Smith, 1 run short of a length on off, Smith shuffles across to tuck this in front of square leg.;
24.4;1;Holder to Carey, 1 run short on the stumps, tip and run in front of point.;
24.3;?;Holder to Carey, no run full angled across fourth stump, Carey sucked into a prod when he was leaving these earlier, beaten past the edge.;
24.2;3;Holder to Smith, 3 runs full on off, clipped through midwicket, excellent running and Lewis can't deny the third running across the rope from deep square leg.;
24.1;4;Holder to Smith, FOUR runs dropped! Cottrell eaten by the turf trolls on the boundary! Holder bounces Smith and he can't control this hook as it sails toward long leg. Cottrell circles around running 20 yards left but takes a very poor angle and is on the verge of over-running the chance. He tries to change direction late and loses his footing with a clumsy slip and slide. The ball lands a foot in front of him grasping forward in vain. Should've gotten two hands to it at the very least. Smith survives!;
23.6;4;Cottrell to Carey, FOUR runs overpitched outside off, leans into a drive, all timing along the ground through cover. A trifecta of boundaries for Carey in the over to make up for a very timid start.;
23.5;1;Cottrell to Smith, 1 run fullish length on the pads, bread and butter for Smith flicking through square leg.;
23.4;1;Cottrell to Carey, 1 run fullish length on off stump, tapped with soft hands into the off side and they scamper through.;
23.3;4;Cottrell to Carey, FOUR runs carbon copy ball and nearly identical placement. Carey gets over the top of this one a bit more and hits it a touch squarer too in the air over point, still nowhere near the off side ring. Cottrell releasing the pressure here.;
23.2;4;Cottrell to Carey, FOUR runs short on fifth stump, enough width for Carey to feel comfortable throwing his arms at this and flays it high over point, super shot.;
23.1;?;Cottrell to Carey, no run short on off, defended into the ground off the back foot.;
22.6;1;Thomas to Carey, 1 run short on middle, defends an inside edge into his feet and Smith calls for a run from the non-striker's end as the ball dribbles behind point for a sharp run.;
22.5;4;Thomas to Carey, FOUR runs surviving dangerously yet again! Full on off stump, Carey doesn't get over the top of a drive toward mid-off, it carried for the longest time before bouncing just short of Holder at mid-off before going under his slide on the ring and it skids away.;
22.4;?;Thomas to Carey, no run bouncer on fourth stump, left alone.;
22.3;4;Thomas to Carey, FOUR runs tight! But a controlled shot to be fair and clears gully by two yards. Thomas short of a length on off, Carey buckled his knees to create room to elevate this ball and just undercuts it enough for his first boundary;
22.2;?;Thomas to Carey, no run fullish length on fourth stump, Carey using his bat a bit more now drives firmly but Evin Lewis with a good diving stop to his right at extra cover denies a boundary.;
22.1;1;Thomas to Smith, 1 run fullish on leg stump, clipped out to deep square leg.;
21.6;?;Holder to Carey, no run short on off, Carey once more forced onto the back foot to defend. Holder makes him play at every ball with the around the wicket angle after Carey was leaving everything comfortably with the bowlers going over the wicket and it results in a maiden.;
21.5;?;Holder to Carey, no run short again on fourth stump angled in, goes back to defend into the pitch.;
21.4;?;Holder to Carey, no run short on off stump, Carey hops up to defend with soft hands to backward point.;
21.3;?;Holder to Carey, no run short of a length on off, defended on the back foot to midwicket.;
21.2;?;Holder to Carey, no run good length ball angled in on fourth stump, defended to point.;
21.1;?;Holder to Carey, no run short of a length angled into off stump, defended to Holder.;
20.6;1;Thomas to Carey, 1 run ooohhh, nearly another! full and wide on sixth stump, Carey finally tempted to drive outside off for the first time after so many leaves and spoons an uncontrolled drive that barely clears the fielder. The crowd thought Pooran at backward point was in play.;
20.5;1;Thomas to Smith, 1 run overpitched on leg stump, flicked to deep square leg.;
20.4;?;Thomas to Smith, no run good length ball on off, Smith goes back and across to defend to mid-on.;
20.3;1;Thomas to Carey, 1 run short of a length on fourth stump, Carey gets up to guide this with soft hands past slip to third man.;
20.2;?;Thomas to Carey, no run fullish length on sixth stump, shoulders arms again.;
20.1;?;Thomas to Carey, no run yorker on off stump, nudged to extra cover.;
19.6;?;Holder to Smith, no run short on the stumps, Smith ducks but the ball doesn't bounce as much as expected, barely clears him.;
19.5;1;Holder to Carey, 1 run short on leg stump, Carey seizes on the line to tuck this off his ribs behind square and he's finally off the mark on his 15th ball. Mock applause from some in the crowd.;
19.4;?;Holder to Carey, no run good length ball tighter on fourth stump line draws Carey into a forward defensive prod into the covers.;
19.3;?;Holder to Carey, no run good length but angled across fifth stump, Carey continuing to leave these alone.;
19.2;?;Holder to Carey, no run short on middle, Carey gets on his toes to defend it with soft hands into the ground.;
19.1;?;Holder to Carey, no run short of a length outside off, defended to point.;
18.6;?;Thomas to Smith, no run short of a length on off, tapped with soft hands to mid-off.;
18.6;1w;Thomas to Smith, 1 wide bouncer angled well down leg, could've been called a wide on height or the line. Either way, it's a free run.;
18.5;?;Thomas to Smith, no run short of a length on middle and leg, some bite off the pitch as Smith tucks it behind square with a hand coming off the bat, diving stop by Pooran at backward square in the ring to deny a single.;
18.5;1w;Thomas to Smith, 1 wide short of a length and angled well down leg for a bonus run.;
18.4;?;Thomas to Smith, no run short of a length on fifth stump, shuffles across and punched off the back foot to mid-off.;
18.3;?;Thomas to Smith, no run good length on leg stump, flicked off his pads but straight to square leg.;
18.2;?;Thomas to Smith, no run full on fourth stump, driven back to the left of Thomas and he knocks it down in his follow-through.;
18.1;?;Thomas to Smith, no run full on off, driven to mid-off.;
17.6;?;Brathwaite to Carey, no run good length ball on fourth stump, defended in front of point who swoops in to field.;
17.5;?;Brathwaite to Carey, no run short ball outside off, left alone.;
17.4;?;Brathwaite to Carey, no run inside edge and nearly ricochets back to Brathwaite for a return catch! Fullish length ball and Carey leaves a slight gap between bat and pad, the ball takes the inside edge prodding forward and balloons up over the pitch but Brathwaite opts to keep his elbows clean instead of putting in a dive. It lands about two yards short.;
17.3;?;Brathwaite to Carey, no run good length ball, Carey goes back to defend this from off stump into midwicket.;
17.2;?;Brathwaite to Carey, no run my goodness this looked stone dead live, given not out and Holder calls for the review! It was full and angled into Carey, who is forced into playing at the ball for the first time. Beaten playing around his pad and struck on off stump at first view. Indeed it's a red light on impact but he's hit just above the knee roll and ball-tracking shows Brathwaite's height generates enough bounce to clear the stumps by two inches. West Indies lose their review. Umpire Chris Gaffaney's sharp decision is upheld.;
17.1;1;Brathwaite to Smith, 1 run full on off stump, pushed down the pitch and cut off by mid-off.;
16.6;?;Holder to Carey, no run short again outside off, Carey leaves a fifth consecutive ball to complete a wicket maiden for Holder.;
16.5;?;Holder to Carey, no run fullish length on fifth stump again, still not tight enough to make Carey use his bat.;
16.4;?;Holder to Carey, no run short of a length again, wider on fifth stump again and left once more.;
16.3;?;Holder to Carey, no run short on off stump and takes off with extra bounce, shoulders arms to leave.;
16.2;?;Holder to Carey, no run fullish length angled across on fifth stump, comfortably left alone.;
16.1;W;Holder to Stoinis, OUT sucker ball snares a wicket for the captain! Holder bowled it a touch short on off stump angling into Stoinis. It sat up there for him waiting to be spanked but Stoinis neither rolls the wrists over it nor gets requisite elevation to clear Nicholas Pooran in the ring at midwicket. Straight to him at chest height. West Indies rollicking start with the ball continues.;Marcus Stoinis c Pooran b Holder 19 (41m 23b 4x4 0x6) SR: 82.6;
15.6;4;Brathwaite to Smith, FOUR runs fractionally short of a length on fifth stump, Smith with an elegant back foot punch beats extra cover to spoil a maiden.;
15.5;?;Brathwaite to Smith, no run short of a length on off angled into the body, bit of extra bounce and defended to midwicket.;
15.4;?;Brathwaite to Smith, no run bouncer on off, Smith ducks it with ease.;
15.3;?;Brathwaite to Smith, no run short of a length on fifth stump, Smith tries to tip and run in front of point but Stoinis wasn't interested and Fabian Allen swoops in to keep Smith honest.;
15.2;?;Brathwaite to Smith, no run fullish length on fifth stump, Smith slaps it back toward Brathwaite moving left in his follow-through.;
15.1;?;Brathwaite to Smith, no run good length ball angled into leg stump, Smith misses a flick and the ball caroms toward backward point.;
14.6;1;Holder to Smith, 1 run good length ball on off, Smith with another shuffle across to flick it behind square.;
14.5;?;Holder to Smith, no run bouncer angled down leg, Smith ducks, lucky not called a wide on the line.;
14.4;?;Holder to Smith, no run fullish length on fourth stump, Smith moves across to defend to midwicket.;
14.3;1;Holder to Stoinis, 1 run short of a length on the hips, tucks it through square leg.;
14.2;1;Holder to Smith, 1 run short on the body, Smith moves across to get inside the line and rolls his wrists over a pull to long leg.;
14.1;?;Holder to Smith, no run short of a length on fifth stump, Smith hops up on his toes after shuffling across to cover the line in defense.;
13.6;1;Brathwaite to Smith, 1 run 130kph, chest high short ball, he pulls with control behind square to the man in the deep;
13.5;?;Brathwaite to Smith, no run 127kph, another bouncer, he ducks under it again but it wasn't that high;
13.5;1w;Brathwaite to Smith, 1 wide angled way down the leg side and called wide;
13.4;?;Brathwaite to Smith, no run 133kph, bouncer, he ducks underneath it with ease;
13.3;1;Brathwaite to Stoinis, 1 run shorter length, he's back and knocking this close into the leg side and they pinch a well run one;
13.2;1;Brathwaite to Smith, 1 run 129kph, back of a length on middle, he's back and across and glancing this to fine leg;
13.1;?;Brathwaite to Smith, no run back of a length, wide of off, he's back and across and defending;
12.6;?;Holder to Stoinis, no run back of a length, 138kph, he's back and defending into the off side;
12.5;?;Holder to Stoinis, no run good length, off stump, he defends on the back foot into the off side;
12.4;4;Holder to Stoinis, FOUR runs Classical on drive! Glorious. Too full, too straight, Stoinis presents the full face and punches straight down the ground;
12.3;4;Holder to Stoinis, FOUR runs driven in the air low past the bowler! it was full, he checked a drive, it was just out of reach of Holder in his follow through and it raced past the diving mid off fielder;
12.2;?;Holder to Stoinis, no run 132kph, half volley outside off, he is slow to move forward, driving back to the bowler;
12.1;?;Holder to Stoinis, no run 132kph, fuller length, middle stump line, he pushes on the front foot to mid off;
11.6;4;Brathwaite to Smith, FOUR runs short and wide, 131kph, Smith is back and square driving magnificently through point! Class shot from a class player;
11.5;?;Brathwaite to Smith, no run 131kph, bouncer, he ducks under it early;
11.4;1;Brathwaite to Stoinis, 1 run 126kph, back of a length, middle and leg, he is back and glancing this around the corner;
11.3;?;Brathwaite to Stoinis, no run 131kph, back of a length outside off, he's back and forcing to cover;
11.2;1;Brathwaite to Smith, 1 run 127kph, wide of the crease, angled into middle, he's back and across and working through square leg to the sweeper;
11.1;?;Brathwaite to Smith, no run 130kph, back of a length, fourth stump line, he's back and across and defending into the off side;
10.6;?;Russell to Stoinis, no run 138kph, lifting short ball, he jumps up to defend in front of his face and knock it down;
10.5;?;Russell to Stoinis, no run short ball, 140kph, over off stump, he sways back and drops the hands to let it pass;
10.4;?;Russell to Stoinis, no run 143kph, back of a length, fourth stump line, he pushes away from his body off the back foot to backward point;
10.3;?;Russell to Stoinis, no run 137kph, short lefter, outside off, he defends away from his body, knocking it down;
10.3;1w;Russell to Stoinis, 1 wide 140kph, short bouncer wide of off, and it's called for height;
10.2;1;Russell to Smith, 1 run 137kph, back of a length, he's back and across with so much time to work it behind square;
10.1;4;Russell to Smith, FOUR runs full toss, Smith drives with ease straight down the ground! Another gift. 50 up for Australia;
9.6;4;Brathwaite to Stoinis, FOUR runs hooked fine of deep square! it was only 130kph, head high, he swivelled on a hook shot, hit it in the air but well wide of deep square, one bounce four;
9.5;?;Brathwaite to Stoinis, no run back of a length, 129kph, he's back and across and working it to midwicket;
9.4;?;Brathwaite to Stoinis, no run 124kph, good length, it bounces a touch, catches the shoulder of the bat and balloons well short of point;
9.3;?;Brathwaite to Stoinis, no run 130kph, good length, wide of off angling in, he leaves it alone;
9.2;4;Brathwaite to Stoinis, FOUR runs full toss, a gift, he just eases a check drive straight of mid on! That was a terrible delivery and Stoinis was very happy to receive it;
9.1;?;Brathwaite to Stoinis, no run 128kph, good length, angled in, he defends to midwicket with the angle;
8.6;?;Russell to Smith, no run 139kph, good length, he's back and defending to cover;
8.6;1w;Russell to Smith, 1 wide bouncer, too high and called wide;
8.5;?;Russell to Smith, no run thigh high full toss, he clips this powerfully straight to backward square;
8.5;1w;Russell to Smith, 1 wide shorter length, 141kph, angled down leg and called wide;
8.4;?;Russell to Smith, no run 141kph, shorter length into the ribs, he's back and across and riding the bounce working it to backward square;
8.3;?;Russell to Smith, no run 143kph, lifter angled into leg, he steps inside the line and takes his hands out of the way to leave it;
8.2;?;Russell to Smith, no run 136kph, bouncer, very high, he ducks under it easily;
8.1;?;Russell to Smith, no run 142kph, good length, top of off, he's back and across and working it to midwicket;
7.6;?;Cottrell to Stoinis, no run beaten by 137kph, length ball angled across. He was caught on the crease and beaten all ends up.;
7.5;?;Cottrell to Stoinis, no run 137kph, shorter length into the hip, he's jumping back and squared up, gets a leading edge along the ground to cover;
7.4;W;Cottrell to Maxwell, OUT skied straight up! Caught by Hope! Maxwell out pulling second ball! This was another excellent bouncer, very high and well directed, he tried to pull and skied it straight up, Hope wanders underneath it and takes a simple catch! Another salute from Sheldon.;Glenn Maxwell c ?Hope b Cottrell 0 (5m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
7.3;?;Cottrell to Maxwell, no run 136kph, back of a length, he's punching to cover-point;
7.2;1;Cottrell to Smith, 1 run short and wide, 138kph, he's back and cutting nicely wide of third man;
7.2;1w;Cottrell to Smith, 1 wide short ball, 138kph, down leg and he withdraws the hands. It's called wide;
7.1;?;Cottrell to Smith, no run good length, shaping back in, he's back and across and defending;
6.6;W;Russell to Khawaja, OUT caught behind! A screamer from Hope! A one hander! The short barrage unsettled him. This was full angled across, he backed away to try and drive on the up, got a thick edge, Hope dived full length to his left in front of first and plucked it one handed! It would not have carried to Gayle at slip! Superb stuff from the Windies!;Usman Khawaja c ?Hope b Russell 13 (26m 19b 2x4 0x6) SR: 68.42;
6.5;?;Russell to Khawaja, no run he's hit on the body trying to pull again! He got threw the shot too soon. Great bowling. He doesn't look comfortable;
6.4;2;Russell to Khawaja, 2 runs 136kph, cracking short ball, he pulls taking his eyes off it but middles it wide of fine leg and they get two;
6.3;?;Russell to Khawaja, no run play and miss driving at a wide fuller ball. It was a tempter on the angle and Khawaja's feet were anchored as he threw his hands at it;
6.2;?;Russell to Khawaja, no run 142kph, good length, top of off, he defends off the back foot back to the bowler;
6.1;1;Russell to Smith, 1 run short and wide, 137kph, he cuts nicely but straight to the man at wide third man;
5.6;?;Cottrell to Khawaja, no run back of a length, off stump line, he's defending off the back foot;
5.5;?;Cottrell to Khawaja, no run back of a length, outside off, he's back and across, he defends to point;
5.4;1;Cottrell to Smith, 1 run good length, angled across, he's back and opening the face to run to third man;
5.3;?;Cottrell to Smith, no run good length, outside off, he's back and across and defending;
5.2;?;Cottrell to Smith, no run shorter length, he's back and across, he defends into cover, they want one but it's not on;
5.1;?;Cottrell to Smith, no run shorter length, off stump, he's back and across, defending solidly;
4.6;4;Thomas to Khawaja, FOUR runs pulled in the air fine! There's a leg slip in for this short ball in the ribs, he gets the front knee up Brian Lara style with no control and pulls it in the air fine and it races to the rope;
4.5;?;Thomas to Khawaja, no run cracking bouncer and he tries to pull coming off the toe of the bat and it drops short of second slip;
4.4;1;Thomas to Smith, 1 run 138kph, back of a length, he is back and across and working this wide of fine leg, Cottrell sprints around and fields brilliantly to prevent a second run;
4.3;1b;Thomas to Khawaja, 1 bye beaten by one that nips away off the seam, Hope fumbles the take and allows a bye;
4.2;?;Thomas to Khawaja, no run 139kph, good length outside off, he drives on the up but mistimes it dragging it to mid on;
4.1;?;Thomas to Khawaja, no run 142kph, good length, middle and leg, he defends from the crease;
3.6;W;Cottrell to Warner, OUT caught at backward point! He was hanging back a touch because of the bouncer, it was a length ball wide, he tried to square drive on the up, didn't get on top of the bounce and just bunted a catch to Hetmyer at backward point who is in quite close! Cottrell salutes!;David Warner c Hetmyer b Cottrell 3 (24m 8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 37.5;
3.6;1w;Cottrell to Warner, 1 wide 141kph, bouncer outside off but too high and called wide;
3.5;1;Cottrell to Khawaja, 1 run 133kph, full on leg stump, he clips this elegantly through square leg to the boundary rider;
3.4;?;Cottrell to Khawaja, no run short of a length, he's back and across, squared up a touch but defending well;
3.3;1;Cottrell to Warner, 1 run 139kph, full on leg stump, he clips this through square to the sweeper;
3.2;?;Cottrell to Warner, no run 134kphm good length, top of off, he defends coming forward a touch late;
3.1;1;Cottrell to Khawaja, 1 run back of a length on off, 137kph, he's jumping back and across and working this neatly behind square for a single;
2.6;1;Thomas to Khawaja, 1 run 144kph, good length outside off, he's forward and defending with an open blade, running this to third man;
2.5;?;Thomas to Khawaja, no run hits him in the grill of the helmet! Bang! This was a brute! It was a short lifter, he was jumped and fending, it went past the gloves and hit the grill of the lid! Wow;
2.5;1w;Thomas to Khawaja, 1 wide 139kph quick bouncer, he shaped to pull and bailed out as it got big. Tight wide call but it was over head high;
2.4;4;Thomas to Khawaja, FOUR runs 143kph, fuller, he just pushes this past the bowler for four! The timing is ridiculous. He blocked this straight of mid in and it ran all the way for four!;
2.3;?;Thomas to Khawaja, no run 142kph, good length, angled across, he defends on the front foot, slightly away from his body;
2.3;1w;Thomas to Khawaja, 1 wide 143kph, lifting delivery down leg, he went to glance and withdrew the bat, it's a wide but there's a plan;
2.2;W;Thomas to Finch, OUT caught behind! Cracking delivery! Good length, angled in towards off stump, he's forced to defend half forward, it nipped off the seam, scratched the outside edge and a simple catch for Hope! What a beautiful piece of fast bowling! That first over is a distant memory now!;Aaron Finch c ?Hope b Thomas 6 (13m 10b 0x4 0x6) SR: 60;
2.1;?;Thomas to Finch, no run 136kph, good length shaping away, his feet are stuck in concrete and he has a huge swipe and miss at a booming drive;
1.6;1;Cottrell to Finch, 1 run 139kph, short ball into the ribs, Finch plays an awkward but controlled pull shot around the corner;
1.5;?;Cottrell to Finch, no run 141kph, shorter and wider, he's back and lat cutting straight to backward point;
1.4;2;Cottrell to Finch, 2 runs high full toss wide of off, 132kph, he chops a square drive wide of third man for a couple;
1.3;1lb;Cottrell to Warner, 1 leg bye back of a length angled into leg, it comes off the thigh pad, hurried him, but it runs behind square for a leg bye;
1.2;?;Cottrell to Warner, no run 135kph, back of a length on off, he defends off the back foot but point swoops to prevent any potential one;
1.1;1;Cottrell to Finch, 1 run 137kph, full swinging into the pads, he flicks this powerfully in the air but it lands short of Russell at deep square;
0.6;1;Thomas to Finch, 1 run 141kph, good length top of off, he defends on the front foot to wide mid off and calls yes immediately for a good single;
0.5;?;Thomas to Finch, no run 137kph, shorter length, extra bounce, Finch tries to cut but is beaten by the bounce;
0.4;?;Thomas to Finch, no run good length, wide of off, he is happy to leave through to the keeper;
0.3;1;Thomas to Warner, 1 run length ball, he cracks it flat to wide mid on, Brathwaite makes a superb diving save to knock it down and save four!;
0.3;1nb;Thomas to Warner, (no ball) over-steps! It hooped back in and might have trapped him LBW if he didn't hit it! He might have got a touch on it;
0.2;1;Thomas to Finch, 1 run 139kph, full wide outswinger, he throws the hands at a square drive slicing it through the vacant gully to third man;
0.1;1;Thomas to Warner, 1 run 136kph, shorter length wide of off, he's jumping back and pushing this past backward point wide of third man, should be two, Warner wants it but Finch says no;
0.1;5w;Thomas to Warner, 5 wide full toss swinging down the leg side and Hope can't glove it cleanly! Five wides!;

David Warner and Aaron Finch beat the West Indies to the centre. Warner is taking strike to Oshane Thomas who has the new ball. Here we go. Two slips in.
10.26am The anthems are done. The players are about to head out to the middle.
Vasanth Babu K: "What national Anthem do they play for WI? Is it like a different anthem for every game for each country represented by the players or there is a standard anthem?" Rallaaaaaaay, Rally round the West Indies! One of the best anthems in world cricket.
10.20am The players are about to head out for the national anthems. In case you missed it, a huge story from George Dobell and Nagraj Gollapudi about AB de Villiers' offer to be available for South Africa in the World Cup.
Asif Nawaz: "Nathan Lyon would be a better choice in place of Coulter Nile. West Indies batting line is not very comfortable against Spin"
Shashi Seeram: "This is the record producing pitch so i felt WI should have backed themselves to put up a decent score..."
Kartik: "As much as everyone wants to see Windies batting stars go big, I think Aus bowlers, particularly Starc and Zampa, will be too skillful for them. By contrast, it will be difficult to contain Warner and co. who are in great form"
Varahan: "Lack of spinners in the WI team, makes it an easy choice for the WI should they win the toss. Given their team balance, they've made the right decision."
sharvari kulkar: "4 out of top 5 for Windies are lefties! Dont understand why Lyon isnt in the side!"
10.00am Toss - West Indies won the toss and will bowl first.
Jason Holder: "I think it's a good wicket and hopefully we can get some wickets early in the morning. I think it's just a matter for us to be disciplined. We've just got to be aggressive as we were in the first game and be smart as well. We've got one change Evin Lewis comes back in and Darren Bravo misses out. It's a tough choice. Evin is our main opener and we slot Nicholas in the middle."
Aaron Finch: "I probably would have a bat first anyway. It looks quite dry. Hopefully later on it starts to spin a bit. No changes, same team."
Teams - Australia: Aaron Finch (c), David Warner, Usman Khawaja, Steve Smith, Glenn Maxwell, Marcus Stoinis, Alex Carey (wk), Nathan Coulter-Nile, Pat Cummins, Mitchell Starc, Adam Zampa
West Indies: Chris Gayle, Evin Lewis, Shai Hope (wk), Nicholas Pooran, Shimron Hetmyer, Jason Holder (c), Andre Russell, Carlos Brathwaite, Ashley Nurse, Sheldon Cottrell, Oshane Thomas
So one change for West Indies with Lewis back. Gayle and Russell are fit. Australia decided not to play Nathan Lyon even though the surface is dry.
Balashankar: "Unless the pitch has something to offer, it might be difficult for the Windies bowlers to contain the Aussie batsmen, but if there is much help from the pitch, the Aussie bowling attack could be deadly. Difficult proposition for the Windies today. Hoping against hope to see a Windies victory."
Imran Panjwani: "Is this a new pitch or same pitch on which Pakistan played England?" It is the same pitch they used for the England Pakistan match. Finch thinks it will slow up later on as it looks dry.
KARTIK KANTHETI: "Why is a guy like Shawn Marsh who had an amazing year in ODIs sitting out for Khawaja?? Or am I missing something here!!" Khawaja's recent form in the UAE series and the warm up games put him in front of Marsh, who's strike rate isn't quite as good as others in the line up. All four of his ODI centuries in the last 12 months came in losses and he scored at a slower rate than the opposition in three of them.
9.45am Will this be a bouncer barrage? Aaron Finch thinks it could be. Andre Russell hit Usman Khawaja in the head in a warm up game.
Brad Hodge thinks Australia's attack might given them an edge and Daren Ganga thinks West Indies batting will be tested.
ch satya: "Gayle storm is ready to launch..Get ready folks."
Chris Dunn: "Bouncer Barrage? No way, don't believe the re match hype, this will be a high scoring thriller (I hope)"
Udhai: "Hello from Nottingham! Beautiful sunny day, but cold, a perfect day for cricket! My colleague is there in Trent Bridge where I had to give it a miss for the work that has piled up :( will keep an eye on Cricinfo updates to ensure that i am not missing out! Look forward to a cracker of a contest!!"
9.30am Hello and welcome to Trent Bridge for this clash between Australia and West Indies. Both sides had comfortable wins to start the tournament. Today is a great opportunity for both teams to get a jump on the rest of the nations with two straight wins.
Alex Malcolm in commentary with you today along with Peter Della Penna. We are 30 minutes away from the toss. Here is Dan Brettig's preview. Chris Gayle and Andre Russell had some fitness queries this week but both should be available today.
Sean: "How's the weather guys?" Weather looks fine at the moment. Sun is out. But it is cold.
Dipanjan Show: "Australia last played West Indies on 26th June of 2016! After I started watching cricket, it will be the first time I will watch a match between Australia Vs West Indies." Quite incredible these two teams haven't played any ODI's in the last three years. There's not a lot of relevant recent data to go off in terms of the match ups today.
Avin: "Getting ready for the long weekend here in Adelaide, SA. While the winter is nippy bring it on Gayle vs Starc with hotness "
 Innings Start
West Indies were in a series of winning positions in both innings but couldn't slam the door shut. The defending champions showed their mettle to keep fighting back before coming out on top. Along with the England v Pakistan match, this is right near the top of the heap in terms of the best contest of the tournament so far. Pleasure to have you join us for the ride. For Alex Malcolm, Ranjith and the rest of the scoring team, I'm Peter Della Penna. Make sure to come back tomorrow for live coverage of the showdown in Bristol between Pakistan and Sri Lanka. Take care for now!
Aaron Finch: "We just kept hanging in there. From 4 for 30-odd to be able to fight back, that partnership between Alex Carey and Steve Smith to get us a little deeper and then Nathan Coulter-Nile to play the way he did was exceptional. It's not ideal for the top order to miss out and put us in that position but even with the ball we hung in there and I'm really proud of the boys today."
Jason Holder: "Obviously disappointed. I thought we were well in the game there. Just a few irresponsible shots when we probably just needed to tap it around a little bit more. Having said that, I still think there's lots of positives to take out of this game." Asked about the biggest moment, the captain says, "We dropped Coulter-Nile when he was about 60-odd and he got about another 30 runs. That was one pivotal moment but obviously the batting. If we came here at the start of the day and limited Australia to 280, we'd have taken that. The batters need to take the responsibility and knock it off. It's still early days. We have to be more consistent. When we have teams down, we have to keep them down."
Nathan Coulter-Nile is Man of the Match - "I didn't think I'd get that much [92] but happy to. I got a bit of a spray for getting out when Smithy was on 80 in one of the practice games so I thought I'd just try to stick around for a bit. Luck went my way. A couple fell short, I got dropped, but that's the way cricket goes. We back ourselves to defend anything. If we had got bowled out for 150, we'd still back ourselves. The wicket was a bit up and down but I got settled in and got used to it at the end. It looked like West Indies were on track the whole way until Starcky took three or four at the end there."
Before the post-match particulars, here's a little preview of the most anticipated match of the 2019 French Open: Roger Federer vs Rafael Nadal!
6.32 Australia leak a series of boundaries at the end there but it matters little. This match was one of the best of the tournament so far, see-sawing back and forth almost from beginning to end. West Indies had Australia under heavy pressure in the first 20 overs but let the pressure go with some costly misses - Smith on 26 and Coulter-Nile on 61. The umpiring in this match left a lot to be desired but West Indies were bailed out numerous times on DRS. The Shimron Hetmyer runout and Andre Russell's regrettable slog vs. Starc were the hammer blows that gave Australia they high ground once and for all.
49.6;4;Coulter-Nile to Nurse, FOUR runs another firm drive to a full ball on off beats mid-off, but it's all in vain.;
49.5;4;Coulter-Nile to Nurse, FOUR runs another short ball on the body, tickles a pull past short fine leg. Makes you wonder why they were content to pat out dot balls and turn down runs last over....;
49.4;4;Coulter-Nile to Nurse, FOUR runs full otuside off, driven past extra cover and beats the sweeper. Cosmetic adjustments to the final margin being made by Nurse.;
49.3;4;Coulter-Nile to Nurse, FOUR runs short on the body, fierce pull behind square from Nurse, about 7 balls too late.;
49.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Nurse, no run short on the body, limp pull goes nowhere.;
49.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Nurse, no run full on off, driven to long-off.;
48.6;?;Stoinis to Thomas, no run full on off, pushed into the off side, again they turn down a single. 32 to get off the final over.;
48.5;1;Stoinis to Nurse, 1 run short on the stumps, pulled to deep midwicket, sliding effort denies four after a carom from Coulter-Nile to Maxwell.;
48.4;?;Stoinis to Nurse, no run full on the stumps, driven back to Stoinis.;
48.3;?;Stoinis to Nurse, no run full on middle, driven to cow corner, they turn down the single with 33 needed off 9 balls now. They're not exactly swinging for sixes here....;
48.2;?;Stoinis to Nurse, no run slower ball yorker on off stump at 78 mph, defended.;
48.1;?;Stoinis to Nurse, no run good length ball on the stumps, defended.;
47.6;?;Starc to Thomas, no run yorker barely kept out to deny Starc a sixth to end the match.;
47.5;?;Starc to Thomas, no run full and defended.;
47.4;?;Starc to Thomas, no run full and beaten.;
47.3;W;Starc to Cottrell, OUT yorker makes it five for Starc! Man of the Match just about locked up for him turning this chase haywire for West Indies. Cottrell backed away trying to make room over the off side but it was full and straight and shatters the stumps.;Sheldon Cottrell b Starc 1 (7m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
47.2;1lb;Starc to Nurse, 1 leg bye yorker speared into the legs, misses a flick and the ball ricochets to point.;
47.1;?;Starc to Nurse, no run an absolute meatball of a full toss at thigh height on about sixth stump, Nurse flails wildly and misses badly. Second full toss West Indies have missed out on vs. Starc in the last two overs.;
46.6;1;Stoinis to Nurse, 1 run yorker speared into the legs, dug out to long-on.;
46.5;1;Stoinis to Cottrell, 1 run full on the legs, clipped out to long leg.;
46.4;1;Stoinis to Nurse, 1 run low full toss into the pads, huge lbw shout given not out. Double-noise for sure. Australia decides not to review. And with good reason, inside edge off the pads with the ball taking a carom to point.;
46.3;?;Stoinis to Nurse, no run now a charge from Nurse. Stoinis saw it coming and pitched it full as Nurse ran down the pitch backing away from leg stump and he swings over the top with his head flying up.;
46.2;?;Stoinis to Nurse, no run bouncer on the body, Nurse turtles his head out of the way.;
46.1;?;Stoinis to Nurse, no run yorker on fourth stump, Nurse plays over the top, ball just misses the off stump.;
45.6;W;Starc to Holder, OUT Starc is winning this for Australia! The pressure looked like it was getting to Holder after missing out on a meaty full toss the previous ball. Starc follows it up with a bouncer on the leg stump line, he goes to pull but is late and it thuds off the gloves. The ball balloons to Zampa at short fine leg, he only needs to take three steps forward from the ring to claim this at chest height.;Jason Holder c Zampa b Starc 51 (83m 57b 7x4 1x6) SR: 89.47;
45.5;?;Starc to Holder, no run full toss at knee height wide outside off on sixth stump, Holder fans over the top of it nervously. Fingernails being chewed intensely in the crowd.;
45.4;?;Starc to Holder, no run yorker on off stump, dug out off the toe to Starc.;
45.3;W;Starc to Brathwaite, OUT slower ball brings a wicket! It was an attempted yorker with plenty of pace off it, met by Brathwaite at shin height as a low full toss, but completely miscues it off the toe of the bat high over mid-on. Finch backpedals 10 yards back and to the left before taking it with ease. The tension rises a few notches. Can Holder shepherd the tail across the line?;Carlos Brathwaite c Finch b Starc 16 (31m 17b 1x4 1x6) SR: 94.11;
45.2;?;Starc to Brathwaite, no run good length ball on off, guided to short third man.;
45.1;1;Starc to Holder, 1 run fullish length on off, guided off the back foot in front of point.;
44.6;1lb;Cummins to Holder, 1 leg bye bouncer on the body, goes off Holder's shoulder to fine leg. Didn't really play a shot but the umpire deems it to be evasive action and a leg bye is given.;
44.5;?;Cummins to Holder, no run bouncer, Holder cramped on the body, fends this off to silly point.;
44.4;?;Cummins to Holder, no run fullish length on off, defended to the off side.;
44.3;1;Cummins to Brathwaite, 1 run nearly a runout! At both ends! Fullish length ball driven to mid-on. Warner fields and fires at the non-striker's end, would've been out by 3 yards if it hit but was wide by 2 yards. Cummins fields the miss mid-pitch and throws to Carey, nearly nabs Holder but he's just in by 4 inches. Replay shows Carey knocked the bails off without the ball in his hands.;
44.2;2;Cummins to Brathwaite, 2 runs short again, clear plan here, once again doesn't middle it but clears Warner by about 5 yards on the ring at mid-on. Australia sniffing closer here...;
44.1;4;Cummins to Brathwaite, FOUR runs short on off, Brathwaite goes to pull again, flat bats this over mid-off. Not timed well at all but straight enough to be safe from picking out Finch on the ring.;
43.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Brathwaite, 1 run good length ball on fourth stump, opens the face to run it to third man.;
43.5;6;Coulter-Nile to Brathwaite, SIX runs Brathwaite has officially joined the party! Another bouncer, wide outside off, Brathwaite has to drag this a long way to get it over midwicket, but that's pure muscle on the pull and it sails away.;
43.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Holder, 1 run short ball at full pace this time sits up on the off stump line, laces a ferocious pull on one bounce to cow corner, 50 up for Holder at a run a ball. Can he finish off the chase?;
43.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Holder, no run slower short ball on off, Holder struggles to keep the hands back, bottom edged pull goes off the thigh.;
43.2;2;Coulter-Nile to Holder, 2 runs good length ball on off, guided well wide of third man on the rope behind point and they come back for an easy two.;
43.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Holder, no run short ball, goes to pull and is beaten.;
42.6;?;Cummins to Brathwaite, no run bouncer on the stumps, Brathwaite leaps to fight this off with his gloves. Greeted with nervous oooohhs from the crowd.;
42.5;?;Cummins to Brathwaite, no run very full on off stump, Brathwaite tries to whip this through midwicket and a leading edge skittles along the ground to mid-off.;
42.4;?;Cummins to Brathwaite, no run good length ball with plenty of width, Brathwaite flashes outside off and is beaten.;
42.3;?;Cummins to Brathwaite, no run another bouncer, this time full speed at 83 mph, fought off behind point.;
42.2;1;Cummins to Holder, 1 run short offcutter on the legs at 73 mph, pulled comfortably to long leg.;
42.1;?;Cummins to Holder, no run nearly another drag on! Good length ball angled into off stump, little footwork and a poke produces an inside edge lodged in between his feet.;
41.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Brathwaite, no run fullish length on fifth stump, Brathwaite hops across the stumps to defend, struck on the pads but well outside the line of off stump.;
41.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Brathwaite, no run good length ball, Brathwaite hops back to defend this off middle stump to point.;
41.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Holder, 1 run full outside off, Holder drives and gets another thick edge through vacant slip. Finch with conservative captaincy and the ball is cut off at the third man rope.;
41.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Brathwaite, 1 run full on off, guided behind point.;
41.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Brathwaite, no run so close! Good length ball on off, Brathwaite swats across the line, leading edge flutters just above Coulter-Nile's leaping effort. Fingertips!;
41.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Brathwaite, no run good length ball angled in from off stump, Brathwaite jams his bat down belatedly and the ball skids off the ground and bounces over the stumps. Hands on head from Coulter-Nile.;
40.6;?;Zampa to Holder, no run full on fifth stump, Holder reaches forward with a good stride and pokes a thick edge to backward point.;
40.5;4;Zampa to Holder, FOUR runs full on fourth stump, Holder prods tentatively and an edge goes through vacant slip before racing away!;
40.4;?;Zampa to Holder, no run good length on fourth stump, straightens and Holder defends to extra cover.;
40.3;?;Zampa to Holder, no run full, almost yorker length on sixth stump, Holder plays over the top with a drive.;
40.2;4;Zampa to Holder, FOUR runs floated full outside off, firm drive by Holder screeches past Smith at short extra cover and beats long-off to the rope.;
40.1;1;Zampa to Brathwaite, 1 run short on the legs, chipped very nervously over midwicket to long-on.;
39.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Holder, no run fullish length outside off on sixth stump line, tame flat-footed waft by Holder beats the edge.;
39.5;4;Coulter-Nile to Holder, FOUR runs length ball angling into off, heaved over midwicket with power.;
39.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Holder, no run fullish length on off, defended on the back foot.;
39.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Holder, no run good length on off, defended.;
39.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Holder, no run short of a length into the ribs, misses a short-arm pull.;
39.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Holder, no run fullish length on fifth stump, misses a flat-footed waft.;
38.6;1;Starc to Holder, 1 run good length on the legs, clipped through square leg.;
38.5;W;Starc to Russell, OUT Russell's fiery cameo ended by Starc! And a brilliant take by Maxwell too! Russell continues backing away from leg stump for a mow over midwicket, Starc targets leg stump and Russell gets a leading edge skier over point. Maxwell runs out from the circle taking this over the shoulder a third of the way to the rope. Sensational grab, 8/10 on degree of difficulty but it was bog standard for Maxwell. Whatever Holder said to Russell at the start of the over to have him rein in his aggression failed to produce the desired effect from the captain. Totally unnecessary from Russell at this stage.;Andre Russell c Maxwell b Starc 15 (19m 11b 2x4 1x6) SR: 136.36;
38.4;4;Starc to Russell, FOUR runs fighting fire with fire! Attempted yorker tailing away from Russell backing away from the stumps, it was heading straight for middle but Russell drills it past mid-off for a boundary.;
38.3;2lb;Starc to Russell, 2 leg byes Russell backs away from leg and Starc follows him too far down leg, misses a pull off his hips, clips the thigh down to long leg, sliding stop by Coulter-Nile at the rope saves it from being four leg byes.;
38.2;?;Starc to Russell, no run Russell steps away from leg again and Starc follows him with a short ball on the body, cramped for room he misses a pull ducking his head. Whatever Holder said didn't seem to have much impact on Russell's approach.;
38.1;?;Starc to Russell, no run full on fourth stump, Russell backs away and misses a booming heave with his head falling away. Holder comes down the pitch to have a chat and rein him back in.;
37.6;1;Zampa to Russell, 1 run floated on the legs full pitching outside leg, Russell steps away to make room and scuffs a drive to long-on.;
37.5;?;Zampa to Russell, no run low full toss pushed back to Zampa.;
37.4;4;Zampa to Russell, FOUR runs flighted again full on leg stump, Russell takes a half step back to clear the front leg and slams this flat into the rope flush in front of the sightscreen. Umpire changes his call to a four after help from TV replays, to more groans from the pro-West Indies crowd. Maybe fractionally short hopped the padding.;
37.3;?;Zampa to Russell, no run quicker ball zipped in short and flat at 62 mph, blocked back off the back foot.;
37.2;6;Zampa to Russell, SIX runs lift-off for Dre Russ! Floated full on off, Russell winds up and scorches this into the stands a good 20 rows back over long-on into the second tier.;
37.1;1;Zampa to Holder, 1 run full and wide outside off on sixth stump line, driven firmly to the cover sweeper.;
36.6;1;Starc to Holder, 1 run very full, attempted yorker after the bouncer but not full enough, driven down the pitch and mid-on cuts it off.;
36.5;?;Starc to Holder, no run bouncer on the legs, Holder ducks under.;
36.4;6;Starc to Holder, SIX runs short ball, top-edged for six! Starc confused Holder with a change of pace on the body at 129 kph/80 mph, went to pull and it clips the top edge and sails over Carey, 7 yards over the rope at long leg.;
36.3;?;Starc to Holder, no run overpitched outside off, Holder with little footwork driving and beaten again.;
36.2;?;Starc to Holder, no run fullish length pitching on off and angling across, Holder goes back and it beats the edge.;
36.1;?;Starc to Holder, no run full on off, defended.;
35.6;?;Zampa to Russell, no run quicker ball flat on middle, Russell sees it safely off the back foot.;
35.5;1;Zampa to Holder, 1 run short on middle, Holder goes back to flick through the leg side.;
35.4;?;Zampa to Holder, no run full on off, driven to cover.;
35.3;?;Zampa to Holder, no run floated into the legs, goes to sweep and after a very very long appeal, given out! If Holder had the Maxwell lbw overturned you can bet he was gonna go to DRS on this and after a chat with Russell he does. He's hit fairly low on the back leg bending forward missing the sweep. Impact was barely in line with leg stump and once again this is overturned. It didn't look promising live and umpire Palliyaguruge has this overturned, missing leg stump comfortably. Both umpires are having a shocker today.;
35.2;?;Zampa to Holder, no run slightly short on off, punched to cover off the back foot.;
35.1;?;Zampa to Holder, no run full on off, defended on the front foot.;
34.6;W;Cummins to Hope, OUT leg stump half-volley and he chips it to mid-on! Hope wanted to work this through square leg but he gets a leading edge that balloons to Khawaja on the ring at mid-on. After surviving the short ball barrage from Cummins at the start of his innings, he gets out to a fairly innocuous ball. The pendulum swings back towards Australia!;Shai Hope c Khawaja b Cummins 68 (141m 105b 7x4 0x6) SR: 64.76;
34.5;?;Cummins to Hope, no run fullish length on off, driven firmly to mid-off.;
34.4;?;Cummins to Hope, no run good length on off stump at 81 mph, kept out on the back foot by Hope.;
34.3;1;Cummins to Holder, 1 run short of a length on the hips, tucked into the leg side by Holder. We're now under 100 for the West Indies to win...;
34.2;1;Cummins to Hope, 1 run short of a length on off, guided with an open face to third man.;
34.1;?;Cummins to Hope, no run good length ball on off, driven to mid-off.;
33.6;?;Maxwell to Holder, no run tossed up outside off, he pushes on the front foot to cover;
33.5;1;Maxwell to Hope, 1 run shorter length, he's back and cutting to deep cover-point;
33.4;?;Maxwell to Hope, no run shorter length, he's back and punching to mid off;
33.3;1;Maxwell to Holder, 1 run tossed up, he drives down the ground to long on;
33.2;4;Maxwell to Holder, FOUR runs drifting wide of off, and driven beautifully through cover-point! The placement and timing with lovely hands was something to behold.;
33.1;4;Maxwell to Holder, FOUR runs edged through a vacant slip! It was flatter and shorter wide of off, he cuts but gets a thick outside edge that runs away to third man;
32.6;?;Cummins to Hope, no run another bouncer, he tries to pull but is beaten by extra bounce;
32.5;4;Cummins to Hope, FOUR runs pulled fine for four off the gloves! It was a short ball, down leg, he pulled of the gloves, it flies fine and Lyon, on as a sub, misfields diving on the rope;
32.4;?;Cummins to Hope, no run good length, top of off, he defends from the crease;
32.3;?;Cummins to Hope, no run beaten by a back of a length ball outside off, he tried to open the face and run to third man;
32.2;1;Cummins to Holder, 1 run pulled in the air for a long time but it falls just short of Starc on the rope! He was looking into the sun so may not have been able to pick up the trajectory early;
32.1;?;Cummins to Holder, no run good length outside off, he's forward and pushing off a thick inside edge;
31.6;2;Maxwell to Hope, 2 runs tossed outside leg, he paddles fine off the edge and it runs away for a couple;
31.5;2;Maxwell to Hope, 2 runs shorter length, it sits up and he punches this past cover for two to the sweeper;
31.4;?;Maxwell to Hope, no run very full, he yorks himself, working it to midwicket;
31.3;?;Maxwell to Hope, no run quicker outside off, he gives room to cut but mistimes it;
31.2;?;Maxwell to Hope, no run flatter on off, he's back and forcing towards long on but Maxwell cuts it off;
31.1;2;Maxwell to Hope, 2 runs angled across, a touch of width, he's back and placing this cut behind point very nicely for a couple;
30.6;1;Cummins to Hope, 1 run 134kph, back of a length, he's back and running this to third man;
30.5;?;Cummins to Hope, no run off cutter, 125kph, it bounces a touch, he defends from the crease;
30.4;?;Cummins to Hope, no run short ball, 132kph, he tried to pull but got it off the toe of the bat towards mid on;
30.3;1;Cummins to Holder, 1 run shorter into the hip, he's back and across, glancing this to fine leg;
30.2;4;Cummins to Holder, FOUR runs pulled over deep midwicket! Landed just short of the rope! Fractionally short, he was back in a flash and picking this up and depositing it over midwicket powerfully.;
30.1;1;Cummins to Hope, 1 run 132kph, good length, fifth stump line, he defends with soft hands to the gap at cover-point;
29.6;?;Maxwell to Holder, no run tossed up, he drives firmly to mid off;
29.5;?;Maxwell to Holder, no run Huge LBW appeal and given! Holder reviews. From around the wicket, this was tossed up, Holder went to sweep. It looked to pitch in line. No bat involved. Ball tracking says pitching just outside leg! Decision is overturned! It looked in line live. It was millimetres outside. Great review;
29.4;?;Maxwell to Holder, no run full on middle, he tucks this to midwicket again and Smith cuts it off;
29.3;?;Maxwell to Holder, no run on leg stump, he works this to midwicket but can't beat the man in the circle;
29.2;?;Maxwell to Holder, no run flatter but gets some over spin to kick up, he is forced to defend;
29.1;?;Maxwell to Holder, no run flatter on middle, he's defending from the crease to midwicket;
28.6;1;Zampa to Holder, 1 run full toss, he drives along the ground to long on;
28.5;1;Zampa to Hope, 1 run tossed up outside off, he square drives through point to the sweeper;
28.4;2;Zampa to Hope, 2 runs full and driven hard straight of long on, Khawaja gets around and makes a diving save on the rope, he saves two;
28.3;?;Zampa to Hope, no run top spinner, he's back and defending covering off stump;
28.2;1;Zampa to Holder, 1 run tossed up leg break, he drives firmly inside out through cover-point to the sweeper in the deep;
28.1;4;Zampa to Holder, FOUR runs cut behind point and it races away! Just a hint of width and slightly short, he thrashes it past short third man and the sweeper at deep point can't cut it off;
27.6;?;Maxwell to Hope, no run flatter on middle, he pushes this back to the bowler;
27.5;1;Maxwell to Holder, 1 run drifting across the right hander, he reaches out and pushes this through point to the sweeper;
27.4;1;Maxwell to Hope, 1 run shorter length, he's back and punching back to the bowler;
27.3;?;Maxwell to Hope, no run tossed up on off, he drives back to the bowler;
27.2;W;Maxwell to Hope, OUT mix up and a run out! Shorter outside off, he gives room and punches wide of mid off, Hetmyer takes off at the non-striker's but Hope stops running, sends him back, Cummins swoops and throws to Maxwell and Hetmyer is stranded! Hope might have cooked his partner there.;Shimron Hetmyer run out (Cummins/Maxwell) 21 (31m 28b 3x4 0x6) SR: 75;
27.1;?;Maxwell to Hope, no run tossed up on leg and he defends;
26.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Hope, 1 run 133kph, short ball, he cracks a pull along the ground to the sweeper;
26.5;2;Coulter-Nile to Hope, 2 runs 138kph, short ball, he pulls without too much timing forward of square but into the gap and it's a decent chase for the sweeper;
26.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Hope, no run bouncer, wide of off, he ducks down under it;
26.3;4;Coulter-Nile to Hope, FOUR runs glorious cover drive on the rise! Not a half volley, he strides out and drives sumptuously through cover with superb timing;
26.2;4;Coulter-Nile to Hope, FOUR runs angled down leg and he glances fine for four! Bad ball from Coulter-Nile. Easy enough to just glance it fine with the angle and the pace;
26.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Hope, no run back of a length, he pulls from outside off, straight to midwicket;
25.6;4;Zampa to Hetmyer, FOUR runs hammers a sweep behind square! Too full on leg and in the arc, didn't matter if he couldn't pick the wrong un, he got down on one knee and clubbed it along the ground behind square;
25.5;?;Zampa to Hetmyer, no run play and miss at a shorter wrong un. He tried to cut this but was beaten by the bounce;
25.4;?;Zampa to Hetmyer, no run full on leg stump, he drives back to the bowler;
25.3;?;Zampa to Hetmyer, no run beaten by a big spinning wrong un. He didn't pick this as he stretched forward to defend;
25.2;1;Zampa to Hope, 1 run he slices a drive wide of cover and it runs to the sweeper in the deep;
25.1;?;Zampa to Hope, no run full and drifting into off, he yorks himself, dragging a drive to midwicket;
24.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Hetmyer, no run good length, top of off, he pushes this towards mid off with minimal footwork;
24.5;4;Coulter-Nile to Hetmyer, FOUR runs pull shot smashed in front of square! Another bouncer, he stayed leg side and swung hard and smacked it forward of square to the short boundary!;
24.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Hetmyer, no run 133kph, back of a length, he's taken on the thigh guard and it drops into the off side;
24.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Hope, 1 run another short one, 134kph, he pulls along the ground to deep square leg;
24.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Hetmyer, 1 run short ball, he pulls this powerfully behind square but straight to the sweeper;
24.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Hope, 1 run 132kph, back of a length, he stands up and punches off the back foot to deep cover-point;
23.6;1;Zampa to Hope, 1 run shorter and slower, he's back and pulling this straighter to long on;
23.5;4;Zampa to Hope, FOUR runs drag down, cracked in the air just past midwicket and Coulter-Nile misfields on the rope at long on! That was smoked but Coulter-Nile will be disappointed he allowed four.;
23.4;?;Zampa to Hope, no run drifting into middle, he defends with bat onto pad, Australia appeal for LBW, but it's not out and they don't review;
23.3;?;Zampa to Hope, no run tossed up outside off, he drives straight to cover;
23.2;4;Zampa to Hope, FOUR runs juicy full toss and he is smashed through square leg! A genuine freebie and he flat batted it forward of square to the short boundary;
23.1;1;Zampa to Hetmyer, 1 run shorter length, he's back and pulling firmly to deep midwicket;
22.6;1;Starc to Hetmyer, 1 run attempted yorker, 146kph, turns into a full toss on middle, he clips this behind square to the sweeper;
22.5;?;Starc to Hetmyer, no run 140kph, short and wide, he cuts but picks out backward point;
22.4;?;Starc to Hetmyer, no run half-volley outside off, he cracks a drive firmly straight to mid off;
22.3;4;Starc to Hetmyer, FOUR runs powerful pull shot! Wow! 142kph bouncer, he stood up, got on top of the bounce and smashed it through midwicket along the ground like a tracer bullet;
22.2;?;Starc to Hetmyer, no run 138kph, good length, well wide of off, he's happy to let this go through to the keeper;
22.1;?;Starc to Hetmyer, no run 140kph, fuller and tailing into middle and leg, he clips this neatly but straight to midwicket;
21.6;1;Zampa to Hetmyer, 1 run flatter leg break, he's back and punching to long on;
21.5;?;Zampa to Hetmyer, no run flatter on middle, he's back and pushing this straight of midwicket, there is probably one there but they turn it down;
21.4;2;Zampa to Hetmyer, 2 runs drifting outside off, a half-volley, he cracks a cover drive straight of the sweeper on the rope to pick up two;
21.3;?;Zampa to Hetmyer, no run wrong un on middle, he defends on the front foot;
21.2;?;Zampa to Hetmyer, no run shorter wide of off, he's back and cutting straight to backward point;
21.1;?;Zampa to Hetmyer, no run top spinner, outside off, he strides forward to defend into the off side;
20.6;?;Starc to Hope, no run 137kph, back of a length, he defends off the sticker from the crease, knocking it down;
20.5;?;Starc to Hope, no run 146kph, full on leg stump, he clips it neatly to midwicket;
20.5;1w;Starc to Hope, 1 wide 143kph bouncer sprayed down the leg side;
20.4;1;Starc to Hetmyer, 1 run 134kph, climbing into the ribcage, he rides the bounce, works it behind square;
20.3;?;Starc to Hetmyer, no run 137kph, bouncer, he ducks and falls backwards! That was a sharp bouncer;
20.2;4lb;Starc to Hetmyer, 4 leg byes 146kph, attempted yorker, tails down leg and comes off the pads and runs fine! Carey nearly reached it but it was too quick;
20.1;?;Starc to Hetmyer, no run fast full toss on off, he's back and defending;
19.6;1;Zampa to Hetmyer, 1 run tossed up, he drives firmly along the deck to long off;
19.5;?;Zampa to Hetmyer, no run beaten by a brilliant wrong un. It was beautifully flighted and it spun past the groping edge;
19.4;1;Zampa to Hope, 1 run he's back and pulling a ball that isn't that short, he mistimes it through square leg to the sweeper;
19.3;?;Zampa to Hope, no run wrong un, he's back and tucking this fine from middle stump;
19.2;1;Zampa to Hetmyer, 1 run shorter length, on leg, he's back and working this through square leg;
19.1;W;Zampa to Pooran, OUT caught at backward point! A one hander from Finch! Brilliant catch. It was full and drifting away from Pooran, he tried to drive with a flourish down the ground, sliced a thick outside edge high to backward point, Finch ran back and reached up with the left hand and it stuck! He didn't get a long way off the ground Finch, but he held on!;Nicholas Pooran c Finch b Zampa 40 (59m 36b 5x4 1x6) SR: 111.11;
18.6;4;Stoinis to Hope, FOUR runs pulled wide of fine leg! Chest high short ball is easy pickings for Hope. He rolls the wrists and gets it in the gap between fine leg and deep square;
18.5;1;Stoinis to Pooran, 1 run back of a length on the hip, he tucks this behind square;
18.4;?;Stoinis to Pooran, no run 132kph, back of a length, on leg, he defends this towards midwicket;
18.3;1;Stoinis to Hope, 1 run 133kph, good length, top of middle, he's caught on the crease but whips it fine to fine leg, it was awkward but effective;
18.2;?;Stoinis to Hope, no run 132kph, low full toss, he drives off the toe end of the bat to mid off;
18.1;?;Stoinis to Hope, no run fuller length angled into off, he drives off a thick inside edge to mid on;
17.6;1;Zampa to Hope, 1 run low full toss, he drives firmly to long off;
17.5;4;Zampa to Hope, FOUR runs cracked off the back foot through cover! Seized the length quickly. It was fractionally short and he is back in a flash, giving room and punching this past Smith at cover and away to the rope;
17.4;?;Zampa to Hope, no run drifting into middle and off, he defends into the off side;
17.3;?;Zampa to Hope, no run low full toss, he yorks himself, digging it out to cover;
17.2;?;Zampa to Hope, no run tossed high and wide of off, he mistimes a drive to cover;
17.1;?;Zampa to Hope, no run drifting into leg, 88kph, leg break, he defends towards midwicket;
16.6;?;Stoinis to Pooran, no run 133kph, bouncer, it's reasonably high, calls for a wide from the crowd but the umpires ignore them;
16.5;1;Stoinis to Hope, 1 run shorter bouncer, 129kph, he pulls with control from in front of eyes to deep square;
16.4;1;Stoinis to Pooran, 1 run 131kph, good length fourth stump line, he pushes this through point to the sweeper;
16.3;?;Stoinis to Pooran, no run good length, top of off, he defends into the off side;
16.2;6;Stoinis to Pooran, SIX runs hooked fine off the top edge for six! This was a well directed bouncer, he hooked but got a top edge, fine leg is square and it carried all the way for six;
16.1;?;Stoinis to Pooran, no run 128kph, good length on middle, he defends back to the bowler;
15.6;?;Zampa to Hope, no run quicker, drifting in, he defends into the off side;
15.5;?;Zampa to Hope, no run good length, he chops it into the pitch and it bounces up, Carey knocks it onto the stumps but Hope is back;
15.4;1;Zampa to Pooran, 1 run dropped at cover! Barely a chance to Maxwell. He saved four really. This was cracked hard to Maxwell's right, he dives and knocks it down with the right hand and it runs away for a single;
15.3;?;Zampa to Pooran, no run A review for a run out at the non striker's end. This was driven firmly back at the bowler, Zampa reached down to his right, got a touch and it went onto the stumps but Hope was back comfortably. It is not out.;
15.2;?;Zampa to Pooran, no run very full, this drifts a long way and yorks him outside off, he misses;
15.1;1lb;Zampa to Hope, 1 leg bye drifting in leg, it comes off pad and runs behind square for a leg bye;
14.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Hope, 1 run short on the stumps, pulls it into the ground to square leg, slight misfield to allow the run.;
14.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Pooran, 1 run good length on fourth stump, punched off the back foot wide of backward point to third man fielding very square on the rope.;
14.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Pooran, no run fullish length on fifth stump, Pooran tries to flat bat this over mid-on but the ball doesn't come on, goes under to Carey.;
14.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Pooran, no run full on the legs, misses a flick, goes off the pads down leg side, diving stop by Carey saves four leg byes.;
14.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Pooran, no run full on off stump, Pooran onto the front foot to push to cover.;
14.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Hope, 1 run short of a length on off, punched off the back foot to cover sweeper.;
13.6;1;Maxwell to Hope, 1 run short on leg stump, Hope backs away to carve through the off side to the sweeper.;
13.5;1;Maxwell to Pooran, 1 run short of a length outside off, punched to the cover sweeper.;
13.4;?;Maxwell to Pooran, no run full and driven to cover.;
13.3;1;Maxwell to Hope, 1 run short on the stumps, punched to mid-off.;
13.2;?;Maxwell to Hope, no run fullish length on leg stump, goes back to clip to midwicket.;
13.1;?;Maxwell to Hope, no run full on the legs, goes to sweep and is late, hit on the pads but pitching outside leg results in a stifled appeal from Maxwell.;
12.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Hope, 1 run short on the body, a bit more convincing this time around with the pull and keeps his wrists rolling over it along the ground to square leg.;
12.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Hope, no run bouncer again to Hope, beaten trying to hook at 84 mph. He's not shown much sign of seeing this off with confidence.;
12.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Hope, no run good length ball on fifth stump, defended to backward point.;
12.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Pooran, 1 run good length on off, punched off the back foot to cover sweeper.;
12.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Hope, 1 run the short ball attack on Hope continues. Bounced and goes to hook Coulter-Nile, gloves it and the ball balloons over vacant short fine leg.;
12.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Pooran, 1 run good length on the legs, clipped through midwicket.;
11.6;?;Maxwell to Hope, no run short outside off on fifth stump, slapped to extra cover.;
11.5;1;Maxwell to Pooran, 1 run short on fourth stump, punched off the back foot to cover sweeper.;
11.4;1;Maxwell to Hope, 1 run flighted on leg stump at 57 mph, clipped to deep midwicket.;
11.3;3;Maxwell to Pooran, 3 runs full angled into middle stump this time, driven firmly through cover, this time Zampa has to track 25 yards to his left to cut it off, saving the fourth run.;
11.2;4;Maxwell to Pooran, FOUR runs short outside off, plenty of time for Pooran to rock back, cuts in front of point. Zampa sweeping on the cover rope tries to slap it back in vain.;
11.1;1;Maxwell to Hope, 1 run full on the legs, clipped through square leg.;
10.6;1;Cummins to Hope, 1 run short on off stump, extra bounce as this one pings Hope on the gloves before the ball flutters into the off side. He survives a testing over from Cummins.;
10.5;?;Cummins to Hope, no run short of a length on off, defended behind point.;
10.5;1w;Cummins to Hope, 1 wide short of a length and angled way, way down leg.;
10.4;?;Cummins to Hope, no run short on off, Cummins is giving Hope a real working over here. Hops back looking skiddish here trying to bat it down into the ground.;
10.3;?;Cummins to Hope, no run short on the body this time, Hope uncomfortable trying to pull, can't get it away.;
10.3;1w;Cummins to Hope, 1 wide bouncer again, another wide called.;
10.3;1w;Cummins to Hope, 1 wide bouncer, wide called on height.;
10.2;?;Cummins to Hope, no run short on the stumps, defended to point.;
10.1;?;Cummins to Hope, no run short of a length into the body, defended to short midwicket.;
9.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Hope, 1 run edge! Short of a length from Coulter-Nile clips Hope's back foot poke, it flies wide of slip to third man.;
9.5;2;Coulter-Nile to Hope, 2 runs fullish on middle, flicked off the back foot through midwicket.;
9.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Pooran, 1 run short on off, pulled along the ground to deep midwicket.;
9.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Pooran, no run good length on the legs, clipped to midwicket.;
9.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Pooran, no run short of a length on off, Pooran fights it off with his hands chopping it down behind the stumps.;
9.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Pooran, no run full on off, defended down the pitch.;
8.6;?;Cummins to Hope, no run full on off, almost yorker length, stabbed out to point.;
8.5;?;Cummins to Hope, no run bouncer, clears him ducking easily.;
8.4;?;Cummins to Hope, no run good length ball on middle stump, Hope shuffles across to clip to square leg.;
8.3;?;Cummins to Hope, no run fullish length ball, Hope takes a step forward to heave over mid-on, inside edge caroms into the box. Hope grimaces with a wobbly shuffle toward point. He'll be feeling that for the next few overs...;
8.2;?;Cummins to Hope, no run short of a length on off stump, clipped off the hips to square leg.;
8.1;?;Cummins to Hope, no run fullish length on off, chipped to mid-on.;
7.6;4;Coulter-Nile to Pooran, FOUR runs Coulter-Nile screams 'hit me!' once again with the same length. Short on off, sits up for a punishing pull over wide mid-on.;
7.5;4;Coulter-Nile to Pooran, FOUR runs short on off, sits up at 85 mph/136 kph, swatted with disdain over midwicket. Authoritative pull.;
7.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Pooran, no run short angled across off, goes to pull but nubs this into the ground to midwicket.;
7.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Hope, 1 run fullish length on off, flicked off the back foot wide of mid-on.;
7.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Hope, no run short of a length on off, punched off the back foot to Stoinis again in the covers. Diving stop with his right hand.;
7.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Hope, no run full on off, driven firmly but straight to extra cover.;
6.6;?;Starc to Pooran, no run fullish length on off, driven to mid-off.;
6.5;?;Starc to Pooran, no run short of a length on off again, guided with soft hands to backward point.;
6.4;?;Starc to Pooran, no run short of a length on off, defended on the back foot to cover.;
6.3;4;Starc to Pooran, FOUR runs overpitched and tailing into middle again, Starc continues to search for the yorker at 93 mph but Pooran is up to the task whipping it past Coulter-Nile at square leg in the ring.;
6.2;2;Starc to Pooran, 2 runs overpitched tailing into middle at 89 mph/144 kph, flicked wide of mid-on, dragged back at the rope to keep it to two.;
6.1;4;Starc to Pooran, FOUR runs overpitched on fifth stump, lovely flourish from Pooran to get off the mark with a sweet drive through the covers.;
5.6;?;Cummins to Hope, no run short of a length on off, defended into the ground.;
5.5;?;Cummins to Hope, no run bouncer again, angled at the body, Hope ducks again.;
5.4;?;Cummins to Hope, no run full on off, driven to mid-off, acrobatic stop on the ring.;
5.3;?;Cummins to Hope, no run bouncer angled down leg, Hope looks at square leg for the height but it's not called wide on that or on the line.;
5.2;?;Cummins to Hope, no run full on fourth stump, strong forward stride driving to extra cover.;
5.1;?;Cummins to Hope, no run good length jagging back on middle, Hope cramped for room trying to get this away.;
4.6;?;Starc to Pooran, no run fullish length on fourth stump, defended behind point.;
4.5;W;Starc to Gayle, OUT stone dead this time around! Starc couldn't pierce Gayle with the yorker on the previous ball but this time around Gayle is late getting the bat down on an 86 mph delivery pitching very full and hitting him low on the shin in front of middle. After waiting 12 seconds while chatting with Hope, Gayle finally calls for the review.... Ball-tracking confirms it was clipping leg-stump on umpire's call. Three strikes (on DRS) and you're out! West Indies retain their review though.;Chris Gayle lbw b Starc 21 (29m 17b 4x4 0x6) SR: 123.52;
4.4;2;Starc to Gayle, 2 runs yorker on leg stump, stabbed out behind square and they come back for an easy pair as deep square leg who was quite fine circles around to relay it in.;
4.3;1;Starc to Hope, 1 run full on the legs, clipped to long leg.;
4.3;1w;Starc to Hope, 1 wide short and well down leg, Carey does well to save it from being five wides.;
4.2;?;Starc to Hope, no run full and angled across middle and off at 90 mph/146 kph, pushed back down the pitch.;
4.1;?;Starc to Hope, no run full on the legs, clipped to square leg.;
3.6;4;Cummins to Gayle, FOUR runs short outside off again, Gayle rolls the wrists this time over a pull and creams it wide of mid-on.;
3.5;2;Cummins to Gayle, 2 runs another length ball angled a touch wider on off, heaves across the line again but doesn't time it. More of a top edge that swirls safely over mid-on for a pair.;
3.4;4;Cummins to Gayle, FOUR runs length ball on middle, Gayle heaves this over midwicket. The crowd roars with delight.;
3.3;4;Cummins to Gayle, FOUR runs mini charge from Gayle to a full length ball on off, carved over mid-off. Gayle brings up 1000 runs in World Cup matches.;
3.2;1;Cummins to Hope, 1 run fullish length on middle, clipped to long leg.;
3.1;?;Cummins to Hope, no run good length ball defended to point.;
2.6;?;Starc to Gayle, no run yorker nails Gayle on the toes and he's given out but Gayle challenges umpire Chris Gaffaney's judgment once more with a review! It was tailing in and hits him on the front pad ricocheting to the back foot, initial impact was showing it was tailing down leg. Sure enough ball-tracking shows the impact was outside leg stump and continuing to go down. Gayle survives again.;
2.6;1w;Starc to Gayle, 1 wide short and wide outside off, too wide to play.;
2.5;?;Starc to Gayle, no run given out but Gayle reviews immediately! Fullish length on fourth stump angled in, Gayle is late driving as there was a definite noise when it passed the stumps... because the ball has in fact shaved off stump. A little peck! The baby smooch! Not a full pucker to dislodge the bails though. Incredible!;
2.4;4;Starc to Gayle, FOUR runs another one clips the edge but goes safe over Carey! Rip-snorter from Starc! Short ball angled into the body from off stump, Gayle tries to get the hands behind it on the back foot and it climbs sharply , clips the shoulder of the bat and takes off over Carey's leaping effort to the rope.;
2.3;?;Starc to Gayle, no run short outside off on fourth stump, Gayle goes to pull and plays over the top of it.;
2.2;?;Starc to Gayle, no run nearly a catch! Short and wide, Gayle rocks back to cut, it was in the air for awhile, but Stoinis is a bit too square at cover for the chance, he dives right to knock it down at the very least on the short hop.;
2.1;?;Starc to Gayle, no run good length on off, defended to cover.;
1.6;?;Cummins to Hope, no run stays low and nearly bowled! Good length ball pitching on about fifth stump and angled in, Hope goes back and it doesn't bounce as much as he thought it would at 86 mph, the ball coos into the ear of off stump. No kissing though...;
1.5;?;Cummins to Hope, no run full on the legs, whipped straight to Coulter-Nile at midwicket. Gimme ball and couldn't put it away.;
1.4;W;Cummins to Lewis, OUT lovely lines from the start by Cummins rewarded! He was probing away consistently on that fourth stump line. This one holds its line on fourth stump going across instead of swinging in, angles across Lewis on a good to fullish length at 86 mph, Lewis prods with a diagonal bat angle and the ball clips the edge flying to Smith's right at second slip, taken at thigh height crouching into a mini-slide to cushion the take.;Evin Lewis c Smith b Cummins 1 (10m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 20;
1.3;?;Cummins to Lewis, no run overpitched on off, touch of swing in, driven to mid-on.;
1.2;?;Cummins to Lewis, no run fullish length on fourth stump again, this time sucked into a flat-footed drive, beats the edge.;
1.1;?;Cummins to Lewis, no run fullish length angled across fourth stump, Lewis shoulders arms.;
0.6;?;Starc to Gayle, no run fullish length on fifth stump, no swing, left alone.;
0.5;?;Starc to Gayle, no run full on the stumps, defended.;
0.4;?;Starc to Gayle, no run short and very wide outside off, left alone, just inside the guidelines.;
0.3;?;Starc to Gayle, no run short of a length on off, no swing, defended on the back foot.;
0.2;1;Starc to Lewis, 1 run good length on the legs again, flicked to long leg. Cut off by Zampa.;
0.1;1;Starc to Gayle, 1 run good length on the legs, clipped behind square.;
0.1;5w;Starc to Gayle, 5 wide good length and swinging down leg, it curls back to Carey at head height and he fumbles it all the way to the rope for five wides.;

West Indies were favorites on the UK high street oddsmakers from the fifth wicket through the majority of the rest of the innings, but that Coulter-Nile rearguard has put Australia at 4/5 at the start of this chase to defend 288, for people into that kind of thing....
Gayle and Lewis walk out to open the chase. Starc over the stumps to Gayle with two slips in place.
 Innings Start
Australia
West Indies
10th match, Nottingham, Jun 6 2019, ICC Cricket World Cup
288
273/9
Player of the match is Nathan Coulter-Nile, AUS
Australia won by 15 runs
