Data
So Amla ends three short of a hundred, a superb innings which has put the cat among the selection pigeons for the World T20. That's a good total for South Africa. Australia did bowl bowl, or especially field, as well as they could do. We should be in for an exciting second innings. I'll be back in 10 minutes for the chase. "Looks like there is a plan to catch the squirrel during the innings break," says Firdose. We'll keep you posted.
19.6;6;Faulkner to Amla, SIX runs and he finishes the innings in grand style! Faulkner misses his length, Amla is able to get underneath the ball and crunches it over deep midwicket;
19.5;1;Faulkner to Duminy, 1 run another low full toss as he aims for a yorker, driven to long off;
19.4;W;Faulkner to Miller, OUT drives a low full toss to cover on the edge of the circle...useful innings from Miller;David Miller c Khawaja b Faulkner 30 (20m 16b 2x4 2x6) SR: 187.5;
19.3;2;Faulkner to Miller, 2 runs excellent yorker, but Miller drills it into the pitch and it bounces over Faulkner's head then they are able to get back for a second;
19.2;1;Faulkner to Amla, 1 run well bowled, follows him with a length delivery and Amla can only dab it towards short third man so loses the strike;
19.1;6;Faulkner to Amla, SIX runs gets across his crease and pulls a length delivery over the deep square-leg boundary...that was more brute force;
18.6;6;Coulter-Nile to Miller, SIX runs not quite! It's a low full toss and Miller dispatches it straight down the ground in some style. That made a sweet sound as it ends up in the crowd;
18.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Amla, 1 run terrific yorker, Amla manages to keep it out and they scamper a single as the ball stops dead in the crease;
18.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Miller, 1 run well bowled, speared in at leg stump, Miller can only flip it away to deep midwicket for a single;
18.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Amla, 1 run a short, slower ball outside off which Amla drags to deep square;
18.2;1lb;Coulter-Nile to Miller, 1 leg bye full outside leg, Miller misses is swing and is taken on the pad...an appeal for lbw, but pitched outside leg;
18.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Amla, 1 run swings a length delivery behind square on the leg side;
15.6;4;Maxwell to Miller, FOUR runs that's a strong sweep, taken from around off stump and sends it racing through square leg;
15.5;?;Maxwell to Miller, no run angled into Miller from round the wicket, pushed back to the bowler;
15.4;1;Maxwell to Amla, 1 run uses his feet, keeps it along the ground this time with a flick through midwicket;
15.3;1;Maxwell to Miller, 1 run pushed into the off side;
15.2;1;Maxwell to Amla, 1 run tries to launch this down the ground, doesn't get a good connection at all and the ball plops well short of long off...a wry smile from Amla;
15.1;1;Maxwell to Miller, 1 run drives down to long off to get off the mark;
14.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Amla, no run well bowled, back of a length and nips back into Amla who is cramped for room and can only jab into the off side;
14.5;2;Coulter-Nile to Amla, 2 runs short of a length, a well-controlled pull by Amla which goes wide of deep square but he's able to get around the boundary;
14.4;W;Coulter-Nile to Rossouw, OUT uses his feet, it's a back of a length ball, and he carves it down to long-off...his painful stay is over. A dismissal that won't hurt South Africa, really;Rilee Rossouw c Smith b Coulter-Nile 16 (26m 21b 1x4 0x6) SR: 76.19;
14.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Rossouw, no run short outside off, he tries to upper cut this over the off side but is beaten by extra bounce;
14.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Amla, 1 run short outside off, a dragged down slower ball, cut to deep cover;
14.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Rossouw, 1 run round the wicket, angled into the left hander, driven to deep cover...the squirrel scampers out of the way;
17.6;1;Hastings to Amla, 1 run full outside off, driven square through point and the sweeper does well to keep it to a single;
17.5;?;Hastings to Amla, no run slashes and misses at a length ball outside off;
17.4;1;Hastings to Miller, 1 run full and wide outside off again, throws his hands through the ball and slices it down to third man;
17.3;6;Hastings to Miller, SIX runs that's a wonderful blow, gets underneath a full delivery outside off and drives it over extra cover...hits the fence on the full;
17.2;1;Hastings to Amla, 1 run short of a length outside off, no timing in the shot as Amla plays it into the pitch;
17.1;1;Hastings to Miller, 1 run full outside off, heaved through the leg side off the toe end of the bat;
16.6;1lb;Faulkner to Miller, 1 leg bye an appeal for lbw as Miller sweeps here, called leg bye as the ball runs to short fine leg...Faulkner not too impressed. Umpire's call on impact and clipping the stumps;
16.5;4;Faulkner to Miller, FOUR runs gets this down to third man, width outside off and he drives hard, the ball is wide of backward point and the sweeper can't get around;
16.4;1;Faulkner to Amla, 1 run tries to work this into the leg side and gets a leading edge to cover;
16.3;1;Faulkner to Miller, 1 run clips a full delivery down to long on;
16.2;2;Faulkner to Miller, 2 runs full outside off, Miller's feet are a little stuck as he drives and it takes a thick inside edge wide of the stumps;
16.1;1;Faulkner to Amla, 1 run round the wicket, back of a length and angled into Amla who swings it through midwicket;
13.6;1;Maxwell to Rossouw, 1 run fired in at leg stump, Rossouw tries to give himself room but is still cramped and can only fiddle it away for a single;
13.5;1;Maxwell to Amla, 1 run uses his bottom hand to whip this from outside off through midwicket;
13.4;4;Maxwell to Amla, FOUR runs short outside off, he waits a fraction longer then places it behind square with a cut;
13.3;2;Maxwell to Amla, 2 runs heaved from outside off, along the ground through midwicket;
13.2;1;Maxwell to Rossouw, 1 run goes down early and dabs this around the corner to short fine leg...Rossouw struggling to get going;
13.1;1;Maxwell to Amla, 1 run uses his feet and drives down the ground;
12.6;?;Zampa to Rossouw, no run nicely bowled, slides across the left hander and he's beaten as he tries to run it into the off side;
12.5;?;Zampa to Rossouw, no run takes the pad and bobbles to the off side;
12.4;1;Zampa to Amla, 1 run gets it fuller again, whipped to long on;
12.3;4;Zampa to Amla, FOUR runs quicker and flatter outside off, Amla throws his hands through a cut shot and places it between short third man and backward point;
12.2;1;Zampa to Rossouw, 1 run fuller and wider outside, worked into the leg side...they thought of a second, declined, and then there was a fumble in the deep by Maxwell. But it stays at one;
12.1;2;Zampa to Rossouw, 2 runs full at the stumps, flicked through midwicket and paced perfectly to allow the second run;
11.6;1;Faulkner to Rossouw, 1 run heaved into the leg side, dives for his crease;
11.5;1;Faulkner to Amla, 1 run another slower ball outside off, driven very hard to cover who is on the edge of the circle...have to scamper to make the run;
11.4;?;Faulkner to Amla, no run a slower ball, back-of-the-hand, I think, and it dipped late on Amla as he tried to flick it into the leg side;
11.3;4;Faulkner to Amla, FOUR runs full at the stumps, but that's superb placement from Amla...drives it in the air, with an open face, over the covers and wide of long off;
11.2;1;Faulkner to Rossouw, 1 run brings out the scoop shot, the ball was full outside off, a slower delivery, and flipped through square leg;
11.1;1lb;Faulkner to Amla, 1 leg bye on leg stump, Amla misses his flick and it takes the pad behind square;
10.6;4;Zampa to Rossouw, FOUR runs comes down the pitch, makes it into a low full toss, then drills it straight down the ground...excellent placement, runs salt into Zampa's wounds. Breaks the run without a boundary;
10.5;?;Zampa to Rossouw, no run swept off the stumps to short fine leg;
10.4;?;Zampa to Rossouw, no run well bowled, good spell here, extra bounce outside off to beat the top edge and it's a good take, too, by Nevill;
10.3;?;Zampa to Rossouw, no run reverse swept to point;
10.2;1;Zampa to Amla, 1 run worked off the pads;
10.1;1;Zampa to Rossouw, 1 run dropped, by Maxwell of all people! That was a dolly at deep midwicket after Rossouw had gone for a slog sweep. Blimey;
9.6;?;Maxwell to Amla, no run driven hard into the pitch and back to the bowler;
9.5;2;Maxwell to Amla, 2 runs uses his feet, does get to the pitch but goes through the shot and it slices off a thick outside edge backward of point;
9.4;1;Maxwell to Rossouw, 1 run round the wicket, full at off stump, eased out to deep cover;
9.3;1;Maxwell to Amla, 1 run full, jabbed off the toe end into the leg side;
9.2;?;Maxwell to Amla, no run fuller and wide outside off, swing and a miss from Amla;
9.1;2;Maxwell to Amla, 2 runs starts with a big full toss which he swings through square leg...doesn't quite pick the gap perfectly, but the brace takes him to a superb 31-ball fifty;
8.6;1;Zampa to Amla, 1 run flicked down the ground to long on;
8.5;2;Zampa to Amla, 2 runs gets this one square through the off side, rocked back to a short length and placed it wide of point;
8.4;?;Zampa to Amla, no run fuller, slides on, Amla plays off the back foot to cover;
8.3;?;Zampa to Amla, no run short on off stump, gets away with it as Amla slices to point;
8.2;2;Zampa to Amla, 2 runs tucked off the stumps in front of square, placed with perfect pace to allow them back for a second. Lovely touch play;
8.1;1;Zampa to Rossouw, 1 run dragged down a touch short, pulled forcefully through midwicket;
7.6;1;Watson to Rossouw, 1 run worked off the pads behind square on the leg side;
7.5;?;Watson to Rossouw, no run back of a length, straight, cramping him for room a touch and it's pushed back to the bowler;
7.4;?;Watson to Rossouw, no run pushed into the covers;
7.3;W;Watson to du Plessis, OUT excellent catch at short midwicket! A slower ball, du Plessis is early on his shot, and spoons a catch low into the leg side where Faulkner does well to dive forward;Faf du Plessis c Faulkner b Watson 4 (14m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 57.14;
7.3;1w;Watson to du Plessis, 1 wide a bouncer, a loopy bouncer, which he allows through to the keeper and gets the wide call;
7.2;1;Watson to Amla, 1 run this one goes straighter, down to long on, as the bottom hand comes into play;
7.1;1;Watson to du Plessis, 1 run flicks a length ball into the leg side;
6.6;1;Zampa to du Plessis, 1 run worked off the pads into the leg side;
6.5;1;Zampa to Amla, 1 run straighter delivery, Amla goes back and waits for it before flicking into midwicket;
6.4;?;Zampa to Amla, no run short, down the leg side, Amla pulls and finds short fine leg...Zampa gets away with that;
6.3;?;Zampa to Amla, no run onto the back foot and nudged to the leg side;
6.2;1;Zampa to du Plessis, 1 run full and straight, opens the face and drives to deep cover;
6.1;?;Zampa to du Plessis, no run pushed to backward point;
5.6;4;Faulkner to Amla, FOUR runs this wasn't a bad delivery, but more lovely batting...it was a yorker, just outside off, and Amla was able to jab it wide of the keeper to third man;
5.5;4;Faulkner to Amla, FOUR runs now he goes over the off side, this is a super innings, takes advantage of some width and lofts it overs the covers;
5.4;?;Faulkner to Amla, no run keep it full and straight, driven to cover;
5.3;1;Faulkner to du Plessis, 1 run uses his feet then drives firmly to mid-off...he had to scamper, a direct hit would have been tight. He needed the dive;
5.2;?;Faulkner to du Plessis, no run comes forward and defends a full ball to the covers;
5.1;1;Faulkner to Amla, 1 run excellent start, over the wicket, a yorker at middle stump which Amla digs out to the off side;
4.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Amla, 1 run on the pads again, flicked to short fine leg;
4.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Amla, no run played into the off side;
4.4;6;Coulter-Nile to Amla, SIX runs gets a long way underneath and it carries for six! Moving across his stumps again, going to help it around the corner and it takes a big top edge which has the distance to clear third man;
4.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Amla, no run pushed into the covers;
4.2;4;Coulter-Nile to Amla, FOUR runs straight after the good catch, there's a misfield from Hastings at short fine leg. Amla pulled a short ball and Hastings dived over the top of it;
4.1;W;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, OUT and strikes! Sliced down to third man...full outside off, de Kock swinging with all his power behind it, the face opens and the ball flies in the air towards Hastings at third man who takes a smart, low catch;Quinton de Kock c Hastings b Coulter-Nile 25 (21m 13b 4x4 1x6) SR: 192.3;
3.6;?;Hastings to Amla, no run goes for the yorker, spears in a low full toss, pushed into the covers;
3.5;4;Hastings to Amla, FOUR runs ah, that's a lovely bit of delicate touch from Amla...so classy...it's a length ball at off stump and he plays it so late, opens the face and guides it wide of the keeper;
3.4;1;Hastings to de Kock, 1 run full and wide outside off, driven to deep cover;
3.3;6;Hastings to de Kock, SIX runs that's a lovely bit of cricket, he walks across his stumps and picks up a short-of-a-length delivery with a flick over short fine leg;
3.2;4;Hastings to de Kock, FOUR runs he has a huge mow at this delivery which is fuller, aiming over the leg side but it skews off a thick outside edge over short third man;
3.1;?;Hastings to de Kock, no run nearly chops on, a short of a length delivery which he defends quite late and the ball bounces back towards the stumps...actually goes over middle and leg;
2.6;2;Watson to Amla, 2 runs full and straight, a strong flick through the leg side by Amla this time and it's wide of deep square;
2.5;1;Watson to de Kock, 1 run bangs this one in short around leg stump, pulled to deep square;
2.4;4;Watson to de Kock, FOUR runs uses his feet, comes down on a line outside leg stump and then flicks this very powerfully wide of mid-on;
2.3;1;Watson to Amla, 1 run fuller, still on the pads, flipped to long leg;
2.2;6;Watson to Amla, SIX runs that's fantastic from Amla...short of a length this time and Amla has plenty of time to get underneath the delivery and pull it upwards off his hip. Clears deep square by a long way;
2.1;4;Watson to Amla, FOUR runs starts too straight, Amla shuffles across the crease and then flicks it away fine;
1.6;?;Hastings to de Kock, no run Hastings is a touch lucky here as he offers de Kock a hint of width, he cuts but finds short third man...there was no one behind him;
1.5;1;Hastings to Amla, 1 run back on a full length, straight at the stumps, Amla angles it into backward point;
1.4;2;Hastings to Amla, 2 runs banged in short, Amla swivels on a powerful pull and sends the ball behind square...Khawaja makes good ground a long leg;
1.3;?;Hastings to Amla, no run tight to off stump, full, driven to cover;
1.2;?;Hastings to Amla, no run fuller outside off, Amla walks right across his crease and pushes to the covers;
1.1;?;Hastings to Amla, no run short of a length at off stump, punched to cover;
0.6;4;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, FOUR runs full at off stump, a lovely flick by de Kock as his bottom hand comes into play and sends this zipping through midwicket;
0.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Amla, 1 run back of a length, Amla opens the face and runs down to third man;
0.4;1;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, 1 run pitches this fuller, he comes onto the front foot and drives to the right of mid-off;
0.3;?;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, no run adjust his line back outside off, short of a length, pushed towards point where there's a fumble by Zampa but it isn't costly;
0.2;4;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, FOUR runs gets too straight this time and de Kock whips him away off leg stump down to fine leg;
0.1;?;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, no run back of a length at off stump, defended to backward point;
0.1;1w;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, 1 wide pushed across full and wide outside off, and he doesn't get away with a loosener;

Anyway, the squirrel seems to have scurried away. Nathan Coulter-Nile will open the bowling
Play is just a few moments away. Apparently we have a troublesome squirrel on the outfield. "It's clearly terrified," says Firdose
5.55pm James: "The Australian side looks formidable. Bat down to 10 (Hastings can hit), and arguably 6 front line bowlers, plus Maxwell/Smith/Warner to provide additional spin. SA missing the Million Dollar Man."
5.45pm migs7: "Waiting for ABDs super batting" Sorry, you'll have to wait a little longer. He's not playing today.
Ebad: "SA making a very bad choice by not playing Phangsio. They need to understand what his bowling is like with the new action. SA shouldn't risk it for the World T20 as each game will probably be a must win match and they need to figure out the best possible XI." They have a couple of warm-up matches in India but, yes, it will be a tricky situation either way
Suresh: "Finch dropped?" Australia still trying to nail down their opening pair
5.40pm Tejas : "What about pitch? What is pitch report?" Give me a moment
Sammy: "Can we hope to see some unbiased commentary today??" I'll do my best
Right, the pitch: reports are it is pretty dry and will resemble the subcontinent because that is what the teams have asked for
Harsha: "Don't understand the point of dropping ABD and giving constant for Rossouw/Behardien,reminds of rotation of Sachin,Sehwag,Gambhir to give constant run to Rohit Sharma in CB series 2012" Some suggestion AB is managing a bit of a shoulder niggle
Dipesh: "Whattttt? de villiers is not in playing eleven. i'm outta here." Ah, come on...still some handy players to watch
5.30pm South Africa won the toss and will bat
Hashim Amla comes in for de Villiers, Rossouw for Behardien and Kyle Abbott replaces Chris Morris
This is the Australia XI: Khawaja, Watson, Smith (capt), Warner, Maxwell, Marsh, Faulkner, Nevill, Zampa, Hastings, Coulter-Nile..so Finch misses out this time
Just some confusion over the SA XI, so hold on a minute
Right, I think this is the SA team. It may not be: Amla, de Kock, du Plessis, Duminy, Rossouw, Miller, Wiese, Abbbott, Steyn, Rabada, Tahir
5.25pm Ashwin: "The match start at 1am here in Japan. To sleep or not to sleep is the question." Stay with us, Ashwin
Ramana: "Waitng for another thriller" Let's hope so
Vijay: "Who won the toss" I'll tell you in a few minutes, Vijay. It's not happened just yet
riad: "Both amla and kock should play.in place of beherdian maybe." It's an interesting situation. Du Plessis has indicated that only one of de Kock and Amla will start at the World T20
Neville Smeda: "On the previously-mentioned topic of Aaron Phangiso, I wonder what impact the technical adjustments will have on his bowling. Will he still land it the same? Will his pace be different? Will he turn it as much? Seems like SA will go to the World T20 with unanswered questions about the lad." Indeed, we'll have to wait and see.
5.05pm Hello everyone. The World T20 is underway in India, but we also have the conclusion of this series from Cape Town. It's a deciding match, too, with South Africa and Australia both looking for a final boost before heading to India. I'm Andrew McGlashan and will bring you the action. The toss will be here in around 25 minutes. Meanwhile, here's a little pre-match reading about Aaron Phangiso who has had his action cleared but won't played today. Also, you can hear from Shane Watson on his thoughts about Australia's batting order.
 Innings Start
Australia win by six wickets and take the series 2-1. An impressive comeback from them after the opening game of the series. They have some mighty power in their batting order. Could this be their year at the World T20? For South Africa, it's a little dent to their confidence but they should also travel with belief. But, not for the first time, Australia have proved a thorn in their side. So, that's the end of the South Africa international home season and it's onto India for both sides. Hashim Amla outstanding today with an unbeaten 97, but it was the collective effort in the chase which sealed it for Australia. Runs for all the top four and it will be interesting to see the top-order combination for both sides in India.
david: "Going out on a limb! Aussies to win the World T20s - men's and women's tournaments." We shall see, David. For now, I'll bid you farewell. Thanks for joining us today.
19.2;4;Abbott to Marsh, FOUR runs and that's the series for Australia as Marsh clubs a short delivery straight of mid-off;
19.1;1;Abbott to Maxwell, 1 run carves a length delivery over point to the sweeper;
18.6;1;Rabada to Maxwell, 1 run short outside off, flat-batted to the off side;
18.5;6;Rabada to Maxwell, SIX runs what sort of a shot is that?! Well, it's probably a matchwinner. Pure Maxwell. Moving to the leg side, swings across the line and the ball flies off over deep point;
18.4;?;Rabada to Maxwell, no run another dot ball! Maxwell losing his shape as he moves to leg and heaves across the line. Another slower ball;
18.3;W;Rabada to Smith, OUT well, he's struck...a low full toss outside off which Smith tries to scoop into the leg side and can only get a top edge which loops to de Kock as he runs from behind the stumps;Steven Smith c ?de Kock b Rabada 44 (50m 26b 2x4 2x6) SR: 169.23;
18.2;1;Rabada to Maxwell, 1 run another slower short delivery, Maxwell giving himself room to the leg side and has to stretch for it;
18.1;1;Rabada to Smith, 1 run full and straight, Smith right across his stumps and flicks it to deep square;
17.6;2;Steyn to Maxwell, 2 runs full this time, over the the off side, not quite timed on this occasion;
17.5;4;Steyn to Maxwell, FOUR runs backs away to leg away and hammers a back-of-a-length delivery straight of mid-off who is inside the circle;
17.4;?;Steyn to Maxwell, no run another dot ball, short again, a slower ball this time, Maxwell tries to ramp it away and can't make contact;
17.3;?;Steyn to Maxwell, no run short outside off, Maxwell walking all over his crease, then lets the ball pass through to the keeper;
17.2;4;Steyn to Maxwell, FOUR runs backs away and carves a length delivery wide of third man...Maxwell up and running straight away;
17.1;W;Steyn to Warner, 1 run, OUT has Tahir's arm beaten Warner?! Yes, he's been run out. Warner swung himself off his feet reaching for a full, wide delivery which he sliced to third man. Tahir's throw was hard and low to de Kock, who collected cleanly this time and Warner is well short;David Warner run out (Imran Tahir/?de Kock) 33 (40m 27b 3x4 0x6) SR: 122.22;
16.6;1;Rabada to Warner, 1 run this a length delivery which is heaved into the leg side and goes one bounce to long on;
16.5;?;Rabada to Warner, no run that's a sharp bouncer, Warner is beaten as he tries to upper cut down to third man...done for pace. Warner thinks that is close to a wide;
16.4;1;Rabada to Smith, 1 run that stroke not quite as pleasing on the eye as he heaves a full ball into the leg side;
16.3;6;Rabada to Smith, SIX runs what a stroke! Not a bad ball, a length delivery and Smith picks it up behind square on the leg side for a six over fine leg;
16.2;1;Rabada to Warner, 1 run pulled down to long on;
16.1;?;Rabada to Warner, no run beats Warner on the pull;
15.6;2;Abbott to Smith, 2 runs short outside off, pulled wide of long on which enables them to make the second comfortably;
15.5;?;Abbott to Smith, no run beaten by a slower ball outside off which he tries to steer to third man;
15.4;1;Abbott to Warner, 1 run full outside off, driven down the ground;
15.4;1w;Abbott to Warner, 1 wide a bouncer, Warner is beaten on the pull and it's another wide;
15.3;2;Abbott to Warner, 2 runs wide outside off, played off a thick outside edge down to third man where Tahir needs about three grabs to collected the ball so it's an easy two and nearly a three;
15.3;1w;Abbott to Warner, 1 wide speared full and wide outside off, and too wide for the umpire;
15.2;1;Abbott to Smith, 1 run gets inside the line and shovels this to deep square;
15.1;1;Abbott to Warner, 1 run hammered down the ground to long off;
14.6;2;Tahir to Smith, 2 runs comes down the pitch, it's a shorter delivery, pushed through midwicket and the speed of these two between the wickets is terrific;
14.5;?;Tahir to Smith, no run slides into the pads, a strangled lbw appeal but going down leg;
14.4;1;Tahir to Warner, 1 run full and bunted straight down the ground, long off is able to prevent the second;
14.3;1;Tahir to Smith, 1 run width outside off and it's flayed to the cover sweeper;
14.2;1;Tahir to Warner, 1 run goes for the reverse sweep, gets a bottom edge off a full toss to short third man;
14.1;1;Tahir to Smith, 1 run a full toss gets pushed down the ground;
13.6;2;Wiese to Warner, 2 runs and now he fetches a low full toss from outside off and sends it to deep square;
13.5;4;Wiese to Warner, FOUR runs that's wonderful placement, top-class from Warner, it's a length ball, a slower delivery, and he opens the face to place it between backward point and short third man;
13.4;4;Wiese to Warner, FOUR runs and this time it is into the third man area...a low full toss, sliced away fine of the man inside the circle;
13.3;?;Wiese to Warner, no run back of a length, going across Warner, he opts to pull this time when third man may have been an option again;
13.2;4;Wiese to Warner, FOUR runs offers width outside off, Warner reaches for it and gets a thick top edge which goes fine of short third man;
13.1;1;Wiese to Smith, 1 run again he's shuffling around his crease and works a length delivery behind square on the leg side;
13.1;1w;Wiese to Smith, 1 wide a slower ball, full and wide outside off, Smith has a swing and gets the wide call;
12.6;1;Steyn to Smith, 1 run short outside off, flat-batted into the point area;
12.5;?;Steyn to Smith, no run full, outside off, Smith giving himself room to the leg side and doesn't make contact;
12.4;4;Steyn to Smith, FOUR runs well, how did he get a boundary for that? It was a yorker fired it at Smith's feet and somehow he manages to squeeze it between his legs and down to the fine-leg boundary;
12.3;1lb;Steyn to Warner, 1 leg bye short, at the body as Warner moves outside leg;
12.2;1;Steyn to Smith, 1 run direct hit, and it's from Tahir! Has he run out Warner? The ball was pulled to short fine leg, Tahir picked up cleanly and hit the stumps...but Warner is just home;
12.1;1;Steyn to Warner, 1 run full at the stumps, Warner gives himself room and drives to cover;
11.6;1;Duminy to Warner, 1 run short outside off, cut to deep cover;
11.5;1;Duminy to Smith, 1 run comes down the pitch around leg stump and drives firmly to cover;
11.4;2;Duminy to Smith, 2 runs fetched from wide outside off and slog-swept into the deep on the leg side;
11.3;2;Duminy to Smith, 2 runs flicked in the air through midwicket, placed well for a second;
11.2;4;Duminy to Smith, FOUR runs that's a well-controlled reverse sweep, taken from around off stump behind point on the off side;
11.1;1;Duminy to Warner, 1 run round the wicket, wide outside off, heaved out to deep midwicket;
10.6;1;Tahir to Warner, 1 run dragged down a touch short and pulled to deep midwicket;
10.5;?;Tahir to Warner, no run driven off the back foot to cover;
10.4;2;Tahir to Warner, 2 runs pushed into the leg side in front of square...some good scampering gives them a second;
10.3;1;Tahir to Smith, 1 run flicked into the leg side;
10.2;6;Tahir to Smith, SIX runs that's high and handsome by Smith, lovely controlled footwork this time and a perfectly straight bat as he strikes through the line;
10.1;1;Tahir to Warner, 1 run full and wide outside off, driven down the ground;
9.6;2;Duminy to Smith, 2 runs using his feet again, makes it into a full toss, clipped over the leg side and it falls between three fielders;
9.5;2;Duminy to Smith, 2 runs short outside off, Smith rocks back into his crease and cuts behind point;
9.4;1;Duminy to Warner, 1 run played through the off side;
9.3;?;Duminy to Warner, no run driven to cover;
9.2;1;Duminy to Smith, 1 run nearly gets stumped, comes down the pitch, it's tossed wider by Duminy, he gets a bottom edge wide of the stumps;
9.1;1;Duminy to Warner, 1 run round the wicket, pushed along the ground through midwicket;
8.6;1;Tahir to Warner, 1 run worked into midwicket;
8.5;W;Tahir to Khawaja, OUT and another! Tahir's in the game. Khawaja goes for the sweep, doesn't keep the ball down and it's snaffled at deep square-leg;Usman Khawaja c Amla b Imran Tahir 33 (38m 25b 4x4 1x6) SR: 132;
8.4;1;Tahir to Smith, 1 run uses his feet straightaway and drives down to long off;
8.3;1;Tahir to Khawaja, 1 run flicked off his toes to deep midwicket;
8.2;W;Tahir to Watson, OUT held this time! Watch a catch. Du Plessis holds on. Almost a carbon-copy of the previous ball, Watson reaching for a wide delivery and lofting it very high into the off side. Du Plessis again runs back from cover and this time pulls out a successful dive to hold on;Shane Watson c du Plessis b Imran Tahir 42 (36m 27b 2x4 3x6) SR: 155.55;
8.1;2;Tahir to Watson, 2 runs this is miles in the air...and falls out of reach of du Plessis as he runs back from cover. That should have been Miller's catch from long off. Tossed wide again by Tahir, like in the previous over, and Watson got more height than distance;
7.6;?;Wiese to Khawaja, no run beats him with a wide yorker as Khawaja plays over the ball;
7.5;1;Wiese to Watson, 1 run fuller, drop-and-run into the off side, backward point can't stop the single;
7.5;1w;Wiese to Watson, 1 wide a bouncer outside off, beats the top edge as Watson pulls but it's called wide on height;
7.4;1;Wiese to Khawaja, 1 run fuller, jabbed into the off side;
7.3;2;Wiese to Khawaja, 2 runs width outside off, driven through mid-off, good placement, and deep cover has to scamper to prevent the boundary. Very sweet timing;
7.2;1;Wiese to Watson, 1 run slower ball, grips a little off the surface, pushed into the covers;
7.1;1;Wiese to Khawaja, 1 run whipped from outside off with plenty of bottom hand to deep square;
6.6;6;Tahir to Watson, SIX runs into the crowd again! Watson taking on a key bowler. Another slog-sweep at a length ball, carries high into the night sky;
6.5;?;Tahir to Watson, no run played to backward point;
6.4;2;Tahir to Watson, 2 runs dropped at long off! Tahir tossed it wide, Watson aimed straight down the ground and picked out Miller on the boundary but he couldn't hold on. The ball was dipping on him, but should have been held;
6.3;6;Tahir to Watson, SIX runs that's a sweet stroke, down in his back knee and slog-sweeps over deep midwicket...was in complete control;
6.2;2;Tahir to Watson, 2 runs he goes down early and paddle-sweeps this fine;
6.1;?;Tahir to Watson, no run pushed into the covers;
5.6;4;Abbott to Khawaja, FOUR runs short on the pads, that's a freebie for Khawaja as he helps it wide of short fine leg...poor delivery;
5.5;1;Abbott to Watson, 1 run short of a length, follows Watson to the leg side again and swung into midwicket;
5.4;?;Abbott to Watson, no run a slower, short ball...well bowled, completed did Watson who ends up getting a toe end back to the bowler. Smiles all-round;
5.3;2;Abbott to Watson, 2 runs run out chance! Watson moves outside leg stump, the ball follows him and he pulls to long leg...he decided to come back for a second, the throw came in flat, it pitched just in front of de Kock and he couldn't gather it;
5.2;1;Abbott to Khawaja, 1 run makes use of the leg side again as he moves across the stumps and pulls from outside off to deep square;
5.1;4;Abbott to Khawaja, FOUR runs short of a length, that's a well-controlled, punchy pull stroke by Khawaja off the front foot and well in front of square;
4.6;2;Rabada to Watson, 2 runs flayed into the off side, some width offered and Watson threw everything at it...the ball flies off a thick outside edge, over backward point and wide of third man;
4.5;?;Rabada to Watson, no run full outside off, a picture-perfect straight drive which finds mid-off;
4.4;?;Rabada to Watson, no run that's a sharp bouncer, Watson ends up on his backside, a 147kph delivery over middle and leg...Watson went for the pull but was comprehensively defeated;
4.3;1lb;Rabada to Khawaja, 1 leg bye full, swinging into the pads, Khawaja misses and the ball rebounds into the off side;
4.2;1;Rabada to Watson, 1 run gets this onto off stump, pushed into the covers for a well-judged single;
4.1;6;Rabada to Watson, SIX runs that's a lovely pick-up stroke, angled into pads as Rabada changes ends, Watson flicks it high over deep square leg;
3.6;?;Abbott to Khawaja, no run swing and a miss to a delivery angled across outside off;
3.5;1;Abbott to Watson, 1 run short of a length, angled into the body, pulled around the corner...138kph;
3.4;1;Abbott to Khawaja, 1 run and now some invention, which doesn't work quite so well, as he walks almost off the cut strip and tries to scoop a shorter delivery...lands in front of short fine leg;
3.3;4;Abbott to Khawaja, FOUR runs does superbly well to get a boundary from this, it was wide outside off but Khawaja moved right across his crease and flat-batted it straight of mid-off;
3.2;?;Abbott to Khawaja, no run keeps it full outside off, driven firmly straight to mid-off;
3.1;?;Abbott to Khawaja, no run outside off and driven back down the pitch;
2.6;?;Steyn to Watson, no run beaten outside off, back of a length and it climbs over Watson's top edge as he aims square into the off side...good wheels from Steyn;
2.5;?;Steyn to Watson, no run hint of width outside off, cut firmly to backward point;
2.4;1;Steyn to Khawaja, 1 run short again and this time he pulls it in front of square, seemed to onto him a little quicker this time;
2.3;6;Steyn to Khawaja, SIX runs that's handsomely dispatched, short of a length on the hip, Khawaja holding his position this time and pulls it upwards over deep backward square;
2.2;?;Steyn to Khawaja, no run angled across outside off, short of a length, he goes for the pull and only connects with fresh air;
2.1;?;Steyn to Khawaja, no run comes down the pitch outside leg, beaten by a back-of-a-length delivery bowled as an off-cutter;
1.6;1;Rabada to Khawaja, 1 run full outside off, driven firmly to mid-off where there's a good save by du Plessis;
1.5;1;Rabada to Watson, 1 run straightens his line and pulls the length back, tucked into midwicket;
1.4;4;Rabada to Watson, FOUR runs goes full this time, Watson unleashes a lofted drive over the off side. No holding back. Just once bounce and over the rope;
1.3;?;Rabada to Watson, no run terrific response! Lovely delivery, tighter to off stump, just back of a length, nips away off the seam to beat the outside edge;
1.2;4;Rabada to Watson, FOUR runs back of a length outside off, Watson gets over the top of the ball and square drives it between cover and point;
1.1;1;Rabada to Khawaja, 1 run outside off, he runs it down to third man;
0.6;?;Steyn to Watson, no run back of a length, straight, played to mid on;
0.5;?;Steyn to Watson, no run opens the face to a length ball and finds point;
0.4;1;Steyn to Khawaja, 1 run a shorter delivery at off stump, pulled to deep midwicket;
0.3;?;Steyn to Khawaja, no run driven to backward point, Steyn bowling cross-seam;
0.2;4;Steyn to Khawaja, FOUR runs flicked away from outside off, lovely timing and placement through midwicket...late turn of the wrists. Using Steyn's pace;
0.1;?;Steyn to Khawaja, no run full outside off, Khawaja comes forward and plays a confident drive which finds square cover;

Dale Steyn with the new ball today...
Squirrel update: "There is a net to catch the squirrel.... poor thing Polly, Chris Morris and several groundstaff all trying to catch it," reports Firdose.
Samrat Ahuja: "Meanwhile, Oman has just upset Ireland in the WT20 qualifiers!!" Indeed they have. What scenes. Get all the latest here.
NickT: "A million dollar man to catch a squirrel? What price the squirrel?"
edward: "a game of animals - cats among the selection pigeons, squirrel on the ground but no sign of a Lyon anywhere. "
 Innings Start
South Africa
Australia
3rd T20I (N), Cape Town, Mar 9 2016, Australia tour of South Africa
178/4
181/4
Player of the match is Hashim Amla, SA
Australia won by 6 wickets (with 4 balls remaining)
