Data
So England finish with 221 for 5, not quite a record for them but one heck of an innings. The last two overs were pretty good for Australia, just two boundaries (both sixes) but overall England were motoring throughout. Jos Buttler set the tone opening the innings, then it was followed by Alex Hales and Joe Root. Kane Richardson had a day to forget in the field, but Mitchell Swepson had a promising debut and Andrew Tye showed his skills. Remember, too, that Australia hold the world record chase from earlier this year. Miller will be with your shortly to see if they can hunt down 222.
19.6;6;Tye to Bairstow, SIX runs well, that makes up a little for the first five deliveries of the over! Just can't quite nail the yorker, it's a slower ball at off stump, Bairstow is able to get under it and heaves it miles back over long-on;
19.5;W;Tye to Bairstow, OUT all sorts of a mess here! Root is run out. Bairstow is completely defeated by a slower short ball, it loops through to Carey and is aware that Root is charging up for the bye and that's end to aim for. Lobs the ball to Tye to completes the work;Joe Root run out (?Carey/Tye) 35 (24b 4x4 0x6) SR: 145.83;
19.4;1;Tye to Root, 1 run low full toss, can only cloth the drive towards mid-off who is inside the circle;
19.3;1lb;Tye to Bairstow, 1 leg bye excellent stuff, a dipping slow ball, swinging across the line...an appeal for lbw, heading leg side perhaps;
19.2;?;Tye to Bairstow, no run another dot...moving all over the crease, it's full outside off, 71mph and tries to scoop to third man;
19.1;?;Tye to Bairstow, no run superbly bowled, goes deep in the crease and digs out a yorker to the on side...Tye gets across, then gets into a tangle with Root;
18.6;1;Stoinis to Bairstow, 1 run short of a length, connects well with a short-arm pull but it's straight to deep midwicket;
18.5;1;Stoinis to Root, 1 run full again, a yorker outside off, steered down to third man with an open face;
18.4;?;Stoinis to Root, no run full outside off, swing and a miss from Root. Precious dot ball;
18.3;1;Stoinis to Bairstow, 1 run goes full again, outside off, thumped along the ground to long-off;
18.2;6;Stoinis to Bairstow, SIX runs off the mark with a six! Stoinis opts to go full and straight, ends up being a length delivery which Bairstow deposits over long-off. Just had the height to get over the fielder;
18.1;W;Stoinis to Hales, OUT what a catch! Would you believe it?! A bangs in a slower-ball bouncer, it ballons off the pitch, Hales swats it back towards Stoinis who sticks out his right hand and grabs a blinder;Alex Hales c & b Stoinis 49 (24b 5x4 2x6) SR: 204.16;
17.6;?;Kane Richardson to Root, no run and he finishes with a dot ball as Root gives himself a touch of room, comes down the pitch, and plays over a full delivery outside off;
17.5;2;Kane Richardson to Root, 2 runs pulls a short ball from low down on the bat, straight down the ground;
17.4;1;Kane Richardson to Hales, 1 run short of a length outside off, takes a top edge down to third man who makes sure he stops the ball rather than gamble on a catching chance;
17.3;4;Kane Richardson to Hales, FOUR runs that's brilliant from Hales! Toying with the field. It's a wide full delivery outside off, in fact a low full toss, he goes right across his crease and then sweeps it behind square. Outstanding placement;
17.2;1;Kane Richardson to Root, 1 run short of a length outside off, pulled down to long-on;
17.1;1;Kane Richardson to Hales, 1 run full outside off, 75mph, bit of a cutter, chopped into the pitch and finds point;
16.6;4;Tye to Root, FOUR runs and now Root shows what he can do...brings out the reverse scoop to a back of a length delivery, places it fine of short third man;
16.5;1;Tye to Hales, 1 run finds long-on this time as he players another thumping drive down the ground...just lacked the placement this time;
16.4;6;Tye to Hales, SIX runs that's gone many a mile! Offers up a length ball, allows Hales to use all his long reach to swing through the line and launch it into the second tier over long on;
16.3;1;Tye to Root, 1 run worked to deep square;
16.2;1;Tye to Hales, 1 run a short ball, 73mph, Hales doesn't connect cleanly as he pulls one bounce to deep square leg;
16.1;4;Tye to Hales, FOUR runs full length, straight and drilled down the ground. Immense power from Hales! Gave himself a touch of room and forced through the line;
15.6;1;Kane Richardson to Hales, 1 run full toss, at the stumps, sliced to third man;
15.5;?;Kane Richardson to Hales, no run appeal for caught behind...give not out and they call the review. There was a noise. A very wide ball, Hales move across his crease and drove and it. Did bat hit the ground? Yes, looks like bat hit the ground if anything. Daylight between bat and ball;
15.4;4;Kane Richardson to Hales, FOUR runs a low full toss outside and it's expertly steered down to third man, the fielder was inside the circle now and he had no chance;
15.3;1;Kane Richardson to Root, 1 run short of a length outside off, pings this drive off the back foot to deep cover;
15.2;4;Kane Richardson to Root, FOUR runs when it's not your day, it's not your day...a slower ball, back of a length, Root swings to the leg side and gets a top edge which flies wide of the keeper and fine of third man;
15.2;1w;Kane Richardson to Root, 1 wide very full, wide, and too wide...Root let it go and got the call;
15.1;4;Kane Richardson to Root, FOUR runs full outside off, carved over short third man as he leans back and opens the face a fraction;
14.6;1;Swepson to Root, 1 run dabbed to short third man;
14.5;4;Swepson to Root, FOUR runs brings out the slog sweep, places it perfectly between then men deep on the leg-side boundary. Was a good length, straight, and ideal for the shot;
14.4;2;Swepson to Root, 2 runs more air, it's full at leg stump, shovelled through the leg side and he paced the shot just right for the second;
14.3;?;Swepson to Root, no run wide outside off, he can't get any timing as it takes the bottom edge into the pitch. Good stuff;
14.2;1;Swepson to Hales, 1 run back into his crease, pulled one bounce out to deep midwicket;
14.1;1;Swepson to Root, 1 run just short of a length, he rocks back and pulls to deep midwicket;
13.6;1;Tye to Root, 1 run he waits a fraction longer this time, it's another short ball at 70mph, pulls to deep square who does well;
13.5;?;Tye to Root, no run defeats him with a slower short ball, Root is through his leg-side swat far too early...clever bowling, his trademark;
13.4;2;Tye to Root, 2 runs keeps it back of a length, straight, steered through point with an open face;
13.3;2;Tye to Root, 2 runs back of a length, angled into the pads, worked through midwicket and a fumble in the deep from Richardson;
13.2;1;Tye to Hales, 1 run full and straight, clipped off his toes to deep square;
13.1;4;Tye to Hales, FOUR runs lovely piece of touch play, it's a length ball outside off, a slower ball, Hales waits and then angles fine of short third man;
12.6;?;Agar to Root, no run fuller, at the stumps, takes a thickish inside edge to the leg side;
12.5;1;Agar to Hales, 1 run drilled into the pitch by Agar, bunted down the ground to long-on;
12.4;1;Agar to Root, 1 run plays back to a shorter ball and pushes it past Agar down the ground;
12.3;1;Agar to Hales, 1 run drags the length back, worked down to long-on;
12.2;6;Agar to Hales, SIX runs that's a huge blow down the ground! Stays in his crease and actually goes down on his back knee as he leverages this perfectly straight;
12.1;1;Agar to Root, 1 run round the wicket, good length at the stumps, driven to deep cover;
11.6;1;Swepson to Root, 1 run touch fuller, cut to deep point...well bowled by Swepson;
11.5;1;Swepson to Hales, 1 run short outside off, driven to deep cover;
11.4;W;Swepson to Morgan, OUT he's found deep point with a reverse sweep! A shorter delivery from Swepson, means Morgan can't get over the top of it. Takes a big top edge and a simple catch for Tye;Eoin Morgan c Tye b Swepson 15 (8b 1x4 1x6) SR: 187.5;
11.3;1;Swepson to Hales, 1 run fuller, at the pads, tapped into the leg side;
11.2;2;Swepson to Hales, 2 runs dragged down short, Hales pulls without great timing and sends it to deep square leg;
11.1;1;Swepson to Morgan, 1 run goes back onto leg stump and squares to deep point;
10.6;1;Kane Richardson to Morgan, 1 run full at the stumps, clipped along the ground to deep midwicket;
10.5;?;Kane Richardson to Morgan, no run that's better, back of a length, straight, defended to the off side;
10.4;4;Kane Richardson to Morgan, FOUR runs full toss, wide outside off, flayed over backward point and well wide of third man;
10.3;1;Kane Richardson to Hales, 1 run short of a length at off stump, driven from the back foot to deep cover;
10.2;2;Kane Richardson to Hales, 2 runs gets this full at the stumps, dug out through midwicket and that's very good running;
10.1;4;Kane Richardson to Hales, FOUR runs short outside off, a bit of a freebie, and it's put away with a powerful square drive through point;
9.6;6;Stanlake to Morgan, SIX runs he goes full, and that was probably a mistake! Morgan is moving around his crease, then gets back into line and clips it out to deep midwicket. Sweet timing. It's all action!;
9.5;1;Stanlake to Hales, 1 run short of a length outside off, angled down to third man;
9.4;1;Stanlake to Morgan, 1 run what a ball! That's sharp and nasty. A bouncer at middle and leg, too quick for Morgan, he can't get out of the road and he takes it on the glove;
9.3;W;Stanlake to Roy, OUT gone this time! Banged in short, Roy goes for the pull and gets a top edge it goes high in the air but no further than Finch at midwicket;Jason Roy c Finch b Stanlake 44 (26b 6x4 0x6) SR: 169.23;
9.2;6;Stanlake to Roy, 6 runs short of a length, takes some of the pace of it, worked to deep square and they take on the fielder in the deep...the throw is miles wide and it's gone to the boundary. IT'S A SIX!;
9.1;4;Stanlake to Roy, FOUR runs a length ball outside off, allows Roy to free his arms and he drives it over mid-off;
8.6;2;Swepson to Morgan, 2 runs a straighter delivery, short of a length, pulled through midwicket and the sweepers can't stop the second;
8.6;1w;Swepson to Morgan, 1 wide pushes this across wide outside off and it's called wide;
8.5;W;Swepson to Buttler, OUT that's a massive drag down, but it's found deep midwicket! Swepson gets his first wicket. By accident or design, it's worked for the leggie. Didn't quite come off the surface, Buttler couldn't get the leverage he needed and it's a simple catch near the rope;Jos Buttler c Short b Swepson 61 (30b 6x4 5x6) SR: 203.33;
8.4;2;Swepson to Buttler, 2 runs rocks back to a googly and pulls between deep square and deep midwicket;
8.3;?;Swepson to Buttler, no run that's a wide long hop, but it's a dot ball! Buttler gets a bottom edge into the pitch;
8.2;1;Swepson to Roy, 1 run short, he stays in his crease and pulls to deep midwicket;
8.1;?;Swepson to Roy, no run comes down the pitch and ends up getting to close to the ball, jabs it back to the bowler;
7.6;?;Agar to Buttler, no run can't beat cover again...Agar's done a good job between the boundaries!;
7.5;?;Agar to Buttler, no run moves outside leg stump and pushes a length delivery, angling into him, to cover;
7.4;6;Agar to Buttler, SIX runs down the pitch and another lovely clean strike over long-on, got perfectly to the pitch and the bottom hand whips through the shot;
7.3;1;Agar to Roy, 1 run tucked into the leg side;
7.2;1;Agar to Buttler, 1 run a flatter delivery, gets it down the ground;
7.1;1;Agar to Roy, 1 run round the wicket, full and straight, worked down to long-on;
6.6;?;Stanlake to Buttler, no run full and straight, defended (yes, defended);
6.5;4;Stanlake to Buttler, FOUR runs beats the keeper with a scoop, and that's England's fastest T20I fifty. A short delivery, he gets inside the line and just manages to get it wide of a diving Carey;
6.4;6;Stanlake to Buttler, SIX runs wonderful strike...six over cover! A full delivery, at the stumps, he gives himself a touch of room and it's a skimming drive into the crowd. What power;
6.3;?;Stanlake to Buttler, no run safe! There's a collision. A top edge pull, loops to the on side. Stanlake tries to get across and collides with Roy, while Finch can't get in from mid-on. Think Finch thought about asking for obstruction, but Roy didn't change direction on purpose;
6.2;1;Stanlake to Roy, 1 run back of a length, pushed into midwicket, a tight run. Close with a hit from Finch;
6.1;2;Stanlake to Roy, 2 runs gets away with this, it's a slower ball, it gets a big leading edge looking to work to the leg side and it loops over mid-on;
5.6;?;Agar to Buttler, no run full and straight, forces a drive into midwicket. Very good effort to finish with three dots in the over;
5.5;?;Agar to Buttler, no run fired in at leg stump, doesn't give him any width, pushed back to the bowler;
5.4;?;Agar to Buttler, no run short again, outside off this time and Buttler has to drag it. Gets a toe end to midwicket;
5.3;6;Agar to Buttler, SIX runs shorter...flatter...higher! Buttler rocks back and pulls this mightily into the crowd at deep midwicket;
5.2;4;Agar to Buttler, FOUR runs gives himself room outside leg stump, a short-of-a-length delivery, craves it over cover...mid-off had come up inside the circle;
5.1;1;Agar to Roy, 1 run dropped! That's a shocker from Kane Richardson at long-off. Roy came down the pitch, lofts this straight down his throat and it clangs to the ground;
4.6;?;Tye to Buttler, no run full and straight, pushed back to the bowler. That's an outstanding over from Tye. A chance for Australia to take stock;
4.5;?;Tye to Buttler, no run goes fuller, it's a slower ball, Buttler is a fraction early on the shot and almost bunts a catch to mid-off;
4.4;1;Tye to Roy, 1 run into the pitch, short of a length, he can't get any timing in the shot as he drives into the covers. Good start from Tye;
4.3;1;Tye to Buttler, 1 run punches a short of a length delivery straight down the ground;
4.2;1;Tye to Roy, 1 run short of a length, cramps Roy for room, takes an inside edge into the pads and bobbles to the on side;
4.1;?;Tye to Roy, no run back of a length, straight, punched into the covers;
3.6;4;Kane Richardson to Buttler, FOUR runs opts to try the shorter ball, it's the same result! Banged into pitch, Buttler waits for it then flat-bats it high over mid-off. Not far from carrying for six. An over of wonderful batting from Buttler. His full range;
3.5;4;Kane Richardson to Buttler, FOUR runs this is a bit more edgy, but the boundaries are flowing...a slower ball, full outside off, Buttler has a swing and it skews in the air wide of short third man;
3.4;4;Kane Richardson to Buttler, FOUR runs this is brilliant! Now he brings out the scoop. Shuffles to the off side, another length delivery, and this time he sends it back over the wicketkeeper;
3.3;6;Kane Richardson to Buttler, SIX runs high and handsome down the ground! Another length ball from Richardson, Buttler is able to get right underneath it and launch it straight back over the bowler's head;
3.2;1;Kane Richardson to Roy, 1 run gets the yorker in, full and straight, jabbed out to short third man;
3.1;4;Kane Richardson to Roy, FOUR runs starts with a length ball outside off, Roy drives high over cover, one bounce over the rope...didn't quite come out of the middle;
2.6;6;Swepson to Buttler, SIX runs that's a terrific shot! Dances down the pitch and picks this up from outside off, a lovely clean swing the line sending it over long-on. Almost into Australia's dressing room;
2.5;1;Swepson to Roy, 1 run goes back to a short delivery and pulls down to long-on. Swepson firing it in to the pitch;
2.4;4;Swepson to Roy, FOUR runs brings out the reverse sweep to a big full toss, finds the gap between short third man and backward point;
2.3;1;Swepson to Buttler, 1 run Roy has dropped his bat, has he been run out?! He may just have got his foot in! Yes, he's safe. He dropped his bat as he got towards the crease, but his momentum was enough to get him home. Buttler had inside-edge a full delivery to short fine leg. All safe in the end;
2.2;4;Swepson to Buttler, FOUR runs down the track, not to the pitch, Buttler drags it through midwicket...done in the air, but it's a boundary;
2.1;?;Swepson to Buttler, no run starts with a good length delivery at off stump, Roy steps back and drives firmly into the covers. Was a googly;
1.6;1;Agar to Buttler, 1 run a little shorter, he plays back and pulls into midwicket for a scampered single. Good start from Agar;
1.5;?;Agar to Buttler, no run starts to shuffle to the leg side then gets back in line, drives into midwicket;
1.4;1;Agar to Roy, 1 run stays a touch leg-side of the delivery, drives a good length delivery down the ground;
1.3;1;Agar to Buttler, 1 run shorter, a flat delivery, worked into midwicket;
1.2;1;Agar to Roy, 1 run uses his feet, Agar has pushed this a touch wider, pushed along the ground to long-off;
1.1;?;Agar to Roy, no run round the wicket, starts with a low full toss which is driven to cover;
0.6;1;Stanlake to Roy, 1 run not quite so short this time, closer to off stump, he opens the face and angles it down to third man;
0.5;4;Stanlake to Roy, FOUR runs crack! Fantastic shot by Roy. Short of a length outside off, he stands tall and square drives it off the back foot through point;
0.4;?;Stanlake to Roy, no run back of a length at off stump, 84mph, pushed firmly to mid-off;
0.3;4;Stanlake to Roy, FOUR runs comes down the pitch and mows this wide of mid-on, Stanlake had pulled his length back a touch, Roy lost his shape a little as the bat twisted in his hands;
0.2;?;Stanlake to Roy, no run keeps it full at the stumps, this time Roy drills an on-drive straight to mid-on. Pinged off the middle;
0.1;4;Stanlake to Roy, FOUR runs lovely way to start! Full and straight, effortlessly timed through midwicket with a perfectly-timed clip;

Out come the players. Looks like a few of the Australians were taken by surprise with the fireworks! Stanlake to open the bowling...slip in place
6.25pm Just a few moments away from the start. Should be a cracking evening of entertainment. You'd think Australia will target Jason Roy with spin straightaway. Agar got him in the final ODI at Old Trafford.
6.15pm Kashish: "Is Stokes not fit yet or has he been dropped?" Still recovering. He's expected to play against India.
Dav: "Why is Jordan still playing? Rubbish. Terrible."
Mustafa Moudi: "'Really exciting to see Mitchell get a game.' - that was too tricky from Finch. For a few seconds, Made me think that STARC has finally returned !!"
6.00pm Australia win the toss and bowl. "It looks a really good pitch," says Finch. "Really exciting to see Mitchell get a game."
Eoin Morgan says he would have chased as well. "Looks a belting wicket. We'll have to play some good cricket. We didn't have a great winter in the format."
England Jason Roy, Jos Buttler, Alex Hales, Joe Root, Eoin Morgan, Jonny Bairstow, Moeen Ali, David Willey, Liam Plunkett, Chris Jordan, Adil Rashid
Australia 1 Aaron Finch, 2 D'Arcy Short, 3 Glenn Maxwell, 4 Travis Head, 5 Marcus Stoinis, 6 Alex Carey (wk), 7 Ashton Agar, 8 Andrew Tye, 9 Kane Richardson, 10 Mitch Swepson, 11 Billy Stanlake
Finch said that Maxwell "was as fit as he can be" although probably wasn't throwing at full pelt. A varied bowling attack today with the legspinner alongside Ashton Agar
5.50pm Mitchell Swepson has been handed a cap. So it's a debut for the leggie
Want to know what's going on around the county scene today? Head over to our live blog.
And here's George from his second (or first) home: "Stokes bowling on the edge of the square. On the hybrid wicket, I think. Sam Curran not playing footy. Usually a sign. Gorgeous day. Typical Birmingham, really. Though traffic around the ground more like Mumbai."
5.40pm Iain: "If the minnows in South Korea can stun the Likes of Germany ... Australia can surely do the same with England."
Meanwhile, elsewhere in the cricket world - but relevant to the T20 format - and the numbers that have come out today from an ICC survey.
And over in Malahide, India have piled up a hefty total.
Mustafa Moudi: "Time for Finch to repeat his banned opening partner's feat as T20 Skipper. If he does, I guess Aussie selectors would think abt promoting him as the ODI captain over Paine!!" Well, I suspect that's very likely to happen anyway
5.30pm Hello everyone and welcome to our coverage of this one-off T20 from Edgbaston. Can Australia bounce back from their 5-0 one-day drubbing? Their recent T20 form has been a lot better - they won the tri-series this year - and might be just the chance for them to express themselves. It's the beginning of a little period of T20 for both teams, Australia head to Zimbabwe after this while England meet India in a three-match series.
We know England's top six for this match, but there's a new order to it. Jos Buttler will get a chance to open, which he's done once before at international level and quite a lot in the IPL. Good move? It was also one of the topics discussed in the latest Switch Hit with Andrew Miller and Mark Butcher.
 Innings Start
10pm So that's a wrap from Edgbaston. On the day that Germany crashed out of the World Cup, England have sent their oldest cricketing foes home without a crumb of comfort. It's been quite the week for English sport... Next stop, it's India. See you then.
9.55pm The man of the match is Adil Rashid... "It's been okay so far, the bowlers bowled exceptionally well throughout the summer. Hard work in the nets pays off."
"Mixing it up is part of my game. Finchy was going well, but Morgs gives all the bowlers confidence. No regrets about giving up red-ball cricket. It's something I'm happy with."
9.50pm Aaron Finch is chatting to Sky... "We could have been better, England put our youngsters under pressure which is the way they've played all summer. Mitchell Swepson on debut showed the value of someone who can give it a rip. It's been a good learning curve, we've had four months since the end of the season back home, you can't come in 1% off the boil. You have to be 100% ready to go, otherwise it's a long road."
"If the role's there I'd love to do it," Finch says of the ODI captaincy... "Tim's leadership around the group was spot on."
Eoin Morgan: "Sometimes when you get off to a good start, you can take your foot off the pedal, but we kept coming as hard as we could. Crucial wickets from the guys throughout the innings."
On the pressure for places: "It's been tricky for two years now. There are guys banging down the door, the level of ambition is high... we've not quite found our combination."
"To have close to our full-strength team is very exciting, and the public enjoy watching them perform."
9.46pm Bharathvaj Deva: "Tough to decide M.O.M Butler, Rashid and Finch were brilliant... " I think it has to be Buttler this time... an England record fastest T20 fifty, which set up the game.
9.41pm It's been clinical from England. A tremendous continuation of their power-hitting approach at the top of their innings, and a ruthless closure of the contest with the ball, particularly from the leggie Adil Rashid. Aaron Finch battled gamely in a captain's knock, but it's been one-way traffic on a desperate tour for the Aussies.
Gyan: "19.3 - The commentator's curse?" 19.4 ... the commentator's vindication!
19.4;W;Plunkett to Stanlake, OUT that'll do it! High on the bat this time, chipped to Morgan at cover, to complete a thumping England win!;Billy Stanlake c Morgan b Plunkett 7 (5b 0x4 1x6) SR: 140;
19.3;6;Plunkett to Stanlake, SIX runs in the slot and slogged over cow corner! Like Devon Malcolm at Sydney 1994! He's got levers you know!;
19.2;?;Plunkett to Stanlake, no run another bouncer, another air shot. Stanlake, for all his talent as a bowler, strikes me as a very traditional No.11. And hurrah for that, they are a dying breed;
19.2;1w;Plunkett to Stanlake, 1 wide a swish down the leg side;
19.1;?;Plunkett to Stanlake, no run banged in short, Stanlake ducks;
18.6;1;Willey to Stanlake, 1 run wide yorker to finish, he's bowled that line very well. Chopped to point and Willey completes a fine evening's work;
18.5;1;Willey to Swepson, 1 run a flashing drive to deep extra cover;
18.4;W;Willey to Tye, OUT taking on the rope once more, but picks out the lanky Plunkett at wide long-on! Toe-ended but it had legs on it. Plunkett had to time his leap but did so with aplomb. Nearly done.;Andrew Tye c Plunkett b Willey 20 (11b 0x4 2x6) SR: 181.81;
18.3;6;Willey to Tye, SIX runs ... but sixes still keep them alive! This one is massive, in the slot for a swing back down the ground;
18.2;?;Willey to Tye, no run wide full toss, can't reach with a swing and a miss;
18.1;1;Willey to Swepson, 1 run round the wicket, right into the blockhole;
17.6;2;Jordan to Tye, 2 runs low full toss, can't do much with that, punched straight, and Jordan's day's work is done;
17.5;1;Jordan to Swepson, 1 run crashed hard into the covers, but just the single;
17.4;?;Jordan to Swepson, no run full and straight, but Swepson the debutant responds with a firm defensive push;
17.3;W;Jordan to Kane Richardson, OUT no he can't! A grim day ends with a first-baller. A limp drive to mid-off. Sometimes there's no place to hide;Kane Richardson c Hales b Jordan 0 (1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
17.2;W;Jordan to Agar, OUT bowled round the legs! Agar lined up a swish to the leg side, but Jordan responded with an arrow-straight yorker. Put a bow on it, this one is done;Ashton Agar b Jordan 29 (23b 3x4 1x6) SR: 126.08;
17.1;1;Jordan to Tye, 1 run low full toss, but arrow-straight. Morgan gathered at cover, and had time to nail his shy. That would have been out!;
16.6;1;Willey to Tye, 1 run low full toss on a wide line once more, clothed to deep midwicket. Australia need boundaries;
16.5;1;Willey to Agar, 1 run wide line once more, a slower ball, clipped down the ground. This has been a fine over, and Australia's challenge is fizzling out;
16.4;1;Willey to Tye, 1 run swished to the leg side, finds the man at short fine leg;
16.3;1;Willey to Agar, 1 run turns his stance inside out in a bid to take on the three fielders on the leg side, but can't get enough bat on the ball;
16.2;?;Willey to Agar, no run very well targetted this time, another wide yorker, half an inch to the good;
16.2;1w;Willey to Agar, 1 wide wide outside off, but that looks a bit of a harsh call. Right on the guideline;
16.1;1;Willey to Tye, 1 run drilled out to the off side;
15.6;1;Rashid to Tye, 1 run smashed down the ground, Jordan gathers on the bounce to end a fine match-defining spell;
15.5;6;Rashid to Tye, SIX runs banjaxed into the stands! Deep in the crease, clears the front leg, and pounds it over cow corner!;
15.4;1;Rashid to Agar, 1 run googly, hauled down to long-on;
15.3;1;Rashid to Tye, 1 run off the mark immediately with a nudge into the gap;
15.2;W;Rashid to Finch, OUT tossed up, a cuffed slog, and Jordan clings on brilliantly on the edge of the long-on rope! A solid base from a solid pair of hands, reached towards the rope with the ball coming over his shoulder and ends a brilliant captain's knock, and probably Australia's hopes too;Aaron Finch c Jordan b Rashid 84 (41b 7x4 6x6) SR: 204.87;
15.1;4;Rashid to Finch, FOUR runs right in the slot, and slapped hard down the ground;
14.6;1;Jordan to Finch, 1 run full and straight, and punched full and straight. Long-off swoops round to save the boundary, and that over has just restored a measure of calm to England's bowling effort;
14.5;1;Jordan to Agar, 1 run yorker, well bowled, clipped to long on;
14.4;4;Jordan to Agar, FOUR runs battered through the covers, and that's very well timed. Picked the slower ball and the man on the rope couldn't sprawl to reach it;
14.3;1;Jordan to Finch, 1 run low full toss, effective in the circumstances. Long-off gathers;
14.2;2;Jordan to Finch, 2 runs full length, shaping into the right-hander, punched along the ground to deep cover, and Finch just about makes it back for two;
14.1;1;Jordan to Agar, 1 run drilled down the ground to long-off, as Sweet Caroline belts out around the ground. Edgbaston is buzzing!;
13.6;6;Ali to Finch, SIX runs pounded mightily into the crowd once more! Down on one knee, unfurling his levers, and targetting the floodlights!;
13.5;4;Ali to Finch, FOUR runs massacred back over the bowler's head! Stays still at the crease and launches through the line. Moeen is getting some humpty now;
13.4;6;Ali to Finch, SIX runs full toss, and battered into the stands at midwicket! Finch is on a roll now!;
13.3;1;Ali to Agar, 1 run takes the pace off, outside off, and this one is cuffed to midwicket. Well bowled;
13.2;4;Ali to Agar, FOUR runs a flowing flog through the line! Down the ground, beats long-on. Better from Australia;
13.1;1;Ali to Finch, 1 run reaching for the ball, way outside off, and a one-bounce gather for the man at deep midwicket;
12.6;1;Plunkett to Finch, 1 run slower bouncer, pulled behind square to Rashid;
12.5;1;Plunkett to Agar, 1 run on the legs, clipped to midwicket;
12.4;4;Plunkett to Agar, FOUR runs cracked fiercely off the back foot! Flogged through the covers, and Australia just beginning to find a belated answer;
12.3;1;Plunkett to Finch, 1 run slower ball, pulled out to midwicket, and Finch drops his bat to deny himself a second run;
12.2;?;Plunkett to Finch, no run shapes to leg again, Plunkett follows him this time and it's a push to the off side;
12.1;6;Plunkett to Finch, SIX runs slotted into the stands! Finch hasn't given up the ghost yet ... makes room to leg, and launches over the covers!;
11.6;1;Ali to Finch, 1 run wider line, cut through backward point;
11.5;6;Ali to Finch, SIX runs kaboomed over cow corner to complete a lone-hand fifty!. If only he'd had more of the strike ...;
11.4;4;Ali to Finch, FOUR runs hoisted down the ground A very wide line, tempting Finch to reach for the ball but he connects impressively in the end;
11.3;1;Ali to Agar, 1 run Agar loses his bat as he smashes a drive into the covers! More distance on the bat than ball;
11.2;1;Ali to Finch, 1 run wider line, hauled greedily down to wide long-on;
11.1;6;Ali to Finch, SIX runs down on one knee, and launched over cow corner! So much height, it challenges the floodlights, but plops safely over the rope;
10.6;?;Rashid to Agar, no run full and Agar is stymied once more;
10.5;?;Rashid to Agar, no run brings out the slog-sweep but can't connect;
10.4;6;Rashid to Agar, SIX runs thumped over the leg side, excellently grabbed by Swepson on the bench!;
10.3;?;Rashid to Agar, no run leaning forward, and once again, unable to pick the wrong'un;
10.2;?;Rashid to Agar, no run googly on the pads, Agar doesn't pick it, and ends up being cramped for room;
10.1;1;Rashid to Finch, 1 run outside off, clubbed out to cover, Finch is back off strike;
9.6;1;Ali to Finch, 1 run a dabbed cut to backward point and a direct hit. But the batsman is home;
9.5;1;Ali to Agar, 1 run tucked off the hip, looking for two but thinking better of it;
9.4;?;Ali to Agar, no run cracked to cover;
9.3;1;Ali to Finch, 1 run outside off, chopped to point, and Finch is off strike once more. He's faced barely a third of the balls in this innings so far;
9.2;6;Ali to Finch, SIX runs plants the front foot, and drags a massive flat six over cow corner. That's more like it;
9.1;1;Ali to Agar, 1 run on the back foot, punched into the covers;
8.6;1;Rashid to Agar, 1 run clipped to the leg side once more;
8.5;?;Rashid to Agar, no run legbreak, and turned to the leg side. Another brilliant over. Rashid is bossing the middle overs;
8.4;W;Rashid to Stoinis, OUT slogged into the guts of long-off! This is just a non-thinking stroke from Stoinis, planting the front foot, and smashing clean through the line, straight at the man positioned for that very shot. It's unravelling in a hurry now;Marcus Stoinis c Roy b Rashid 0 (2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
8.3;?;Rashid to Stoinis, no run on the back foot, punched into the covers;
8.2;W;Rashid to Carey, OUT bowled him! This is getting ugly now for Australia. No momentum whatsover for Australia, Carey tries to work a topspinner out through the leg side, but succeeds only in ushering it into his timbers!;Alex Carey b Rashid 3 (3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
8.1;2;Rashid to Carey, 2 runs flicked to the leg side, the shy comes in but it looks like Morgan broke the stumps while trying to gather;
7.6;1;Ali to Carey, 1 run on the legs, and clipped to midwicket;
7.5;1;Ali to Finch, 1 run dabbed once more but straight to backward point;
7.4;4;Ali to Finch, FOUR runs opens the face, and that's a cleverer shot from Finch, a deft nudge through third man, and it's a rapid outfield;
7.3;?;Ali to Finch, no run tossed up and turns a touch as it hits the pad outside the line of off;
7.2;W;Ali to Head, OUT pounded down the throat of long-on! That is an absolute sucker punch. Australia trying to make something happen, picks the wrong stroke for the wrong ball, and cloths a slog to the man on the rope. This isn't going quite to plan for the visitors;Travis Head c Hales b Ali 15 (10b 1x4 0x6) SR: 150;
7.1;1;Ali to Finch, 1 run makes room and squirts to backward point;
6.6;1;Rashid to Finch, 1 run tossed up, a low full toss, eased down to wide long-on, that's a fine over to open his spell;
6.5;1;Rashid to Head, 1 run full length, looped up, clipped back to the bowler;
6.4;1;Rashid to Finch, 1 run cracked back down the pitch, on the back foot;
6.3;?;Rashid to Finch, no run back of a length, a slower legbreak, and Finch can't pierce the field this time. 47mph ... barely enough legs to reach the other end;
6.2;?;Rashid to Finch, no run makes room outside leg and carves straight to cover;
6.1;1;Rashid to Head, 1 run a well-flighted legspinner, on off stump, and flicked square;
5.6;4;Willey to Finch, FOUR runs a low full toss, and pinged behind square with excellent timing. Jordan can't cut that off, and Finch signs off the Powerplay in some style;
5.5;1;Willey to Head, 1 run very full length inswinger, met with a clubbed drive into the covers;
5.4;1;Willey to Finch, 1 run round the wicket, Finch slaps a cut out to cover. Finch has only faced ten deliveries in the Powerplay, which isn't ideal;
5.3;?;Willey to Finch, no run well bowled, a sharp bouncer, into the body as Finch gave himself room. At 86mph. Good wheels;
5.2;4;Willey to Finch, FOUR runs short, slow, picked. Boshed through the covers! On the up and ferociously timed;
5.1;1;Willey to Head, 1 run steps out to the leg side this time and connects with a slog to deep midwicket;
5.1;1w;Willey to Head, 1 wide a bit of a rubbish delivery, down the leg side. We'll have that one again;
4.6;1;Plunkett to Head, 1 run thumped into the deck by Plunkett, and there's an under-edged connection on an ambitious wind-up.Another scampered single;
4.5;1b;Plunkett to Finch, 1 bye a whistling bouncer, goes through the batsman and the keeper too! They jog the single as Buttler turns to collect;
4.4;1;Plunkett to Head, 1 run round the wicket, looked like another slower ball, Jordan at backward square leg gathers a wafty pull;
4.3;?;Plunkett to Head, no run back of a length outside off, and thumped into the covers;
4.2;4;Plunkett to Head, FOUR runs whipped on the up, out through the leg side, that's a solid connection behind square. Australia keep scrapping;
4.1;1;Plunkett to Finch, 1 run on the pads, nudged firmly to the leg side;
3.6;1;Jordan to Finch, 1 run tapped to the leg side, and another single is the upshot;
3.5;5;Jordan to Head, 5 runs whoops! A clear run-out chance from midwicket but a wild throw, and it's pinged all the way to the boundary!;
3.4;W;Jordan to Maxwell, OUT beaten all ends up by the slower ball! Maxwell lined up a chancy waft, and played all round a gently curling outswinger! Oh Glenn ...;Glenn Maxwell b Jordan 10 (7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 142.85;
3.3;4;Jordan to Maxwell, FOUR runs tanked over long-on! A stand-and-deliver wallop. Lovely;
3.3;1nb;Jordan to Maxwell, (no ball) a sharp bouncer, but it's been called for an over-step, rather than on height. A free hit coming up;
3.2;2;Jordan to Maxwell, 2 runs pummelled high and mightily out towards deep extra cover... two men gallop back but the ball just eludes them!;
3.1;2;Jordan to Maxwell, 2 runs tighter line from Jordan, back of a length, and there's a fine shy from the deep! Nah, the batsman is home, but that got his skates on!;
2.6;4;Plunkett to Finch, FOUR runs makes room and slices a fat edge through third man! Any boundary will do;
2.5;1;Plunkett to Maxwell, 1 run poked to point;
2.4;1;Plunkett to Finch, 1 run a thumping drive into the covers, Jordan fumbles and the batsmen cross;
2.3;1;Plunkett to Maxwell, 1 run reaches for the wide yorker and squirts a drive down to third man;
2.2;W;Plunkett to Short, OUT on the hip, a lollipop of a catch to short fine leg! It was a slower ball, Short was through his pull too soon and Plunkett has the early breakthrough;D'Arcy Short c Ali b Plunkett 16 (12b 3x4 0x6) SR: 133.33;
2.1;?;Plunkett to Short, no run on the pads, following the batsman as he made room, and Buttler does well to gather the deflection;
1.6;?;Jordan to Finch, no run bouncer, that's brisk and well-directed. Finch swings into the pull but can't make contact;
1.5;1;Jordan to Short, 1 run yorker length, a better ball, stabbed to point and a sharp single, puts the fielder under pressure and he can't gather for the shy;
1.4;4;Jordan to Short, FOUR runs crashed through the covers! That's a proper cricket shot, but Jordan served up the driveable half-volley. Runs are flowing now;
1.3;4;Jordan to Short, FOUR runs on the pads once more, and a similar stroke, slightly finer this time. Freebie runs for Australia;
1.2;4;Jordan to Short, FOUR runs back of a length this time and clipped just past short fine leg for the first boundary of the innings;
1.1;?;Jordan to Short, no run well bowled, a wide outswinging yorker, just inside the tramlines. Can't lay a bat on that;
0.6;?;Willey to Finch, no run well bowled, an outswinging yorker, jammed down late, and that's a fine over;
0.5;1;Willey to Short, 1 run robbed! Right in the slot for the drive, but clobbers it too straight, and straight into the non-striker's stumps;
0.4;2;Willey to Short, 2 runs on the toes, and bat on ball this time, out to Jordan at deep square leg who does well to keep the ball in play;
0.4;1w;Willey to Short, 1 wide swinging down the leg side this time;
0.3;?;Willey to Short, no run forward this time, and thumping a drive to mid-off;
0.2;?;Willey to Short, no run a hint of shape away from the bat once more, and this one bounces more. Beats another ambitious swish;
0.1;?;Willey to Short, no run a swing and a miss! Outside off, curling away from the left-hander and through to the keeper;

8.03pm Hello everyone. Wimbledon is just around the corner, but Australia have it all to do to avoid the first 6-0 of the summer.
England are in a huddle on the edge of the field, and here come the Australian openers, Aaron Finch and D'Arcy Short. David Willey has the new ball
 Innings Start
England
Australia
Only T20I (D/N), Birmingham, Jun 27 2018, Australia tour of England
221/5
193
Player of the match is Adil Rashid, ENG
England won by 28 runs
