Data
9.15pm A good fightback from West Indies - 63 for 5 off 8.3 overs - led by the superb Hayden Walsh Jr, but that's still a pretty strong total from Australia based around Mitchell Marsh's forceful innings and a half-century from Aaron Finch. They again had some problems against spin, and the middle order remains unconvincing, but Dan Christian ensured the innings didn't completely fall away. West Indies are also missing some batting today without Shimron Hetmyer and Dwayne Bravo. Peter will be with you shortly to start the chase
19.6;?;Allen to Starc, no run fired across quickly outside off stump, Starc swings and misses so it's a dot to finish;
19.5;1;Allen to Christian, 1 run gets the yorker in, driven down to long-on;
19.4;4;Allen to Christian, FOUR runs gives himself room outside leg and drives this inside out over the off side, perfectly placed;
19.3;?;Allen to Christian, no run fired into the pads, goes for the sweep and it bobbles away and the keeper is able to get to it;
19.2;6;Allen to Christian, SIX runs big full toss is put away...poor delivery from Allen and Christian hoists it over deep midwicket;
19.1;2;Allen to Christian, 2 runs round the wicket, full at leg stump, follows the batter, swung to deep midwicket and he's able to get back;
18.6;1;Cottrell to Christian, 1 run full outside off, clubbed down the ground to long-on;
18.5;1;Cottrell to Starc, 1 run back of a length, straight at 145kph, skewed into the off side;
18.4;4;Cottrell to Starc, FOUR runs well played! Starc brings out the scoop. The delivery was angled outside leg stump, he went across the crease and down on his knee;
18.3;1;Cottrell to Christian, 1 run full at off stump, square drives and there's a misfield at point;
18.2;?;Cottrell to Christian, no run big full toss outside off, he swings and misses;
18.1;1;Cottrell to Starc, 1 run a yorker at middle and leg, driven down to long-on;
17.6;?;Allen to Christian, no run full and driven back to the bowler. Brilliant over from Allen;
17.5;1;Allen to Starc, 1 run clears his front leg and heaves to deep midwicket...can't get underneath the delivery;
17.4;?;Allen to Christian, no run give lbw! Christian has called for the review straightaway. Must have hit it. Full delivery, Christian playing across the line and, yes, it does appear as though he's hit this;
17.3;1;Allen to Starc, 1 run full at off stump, swung along the ground to deep midwicket;
17.2;?;Allen to Starc, no run round the wicket, fired across Starc outside off and he can't connect;
17.1;W;Allen to Marsh, OUT huge appeal for caught behind and it's another review...round the wicket, Marsh went for the pull and didn't connect. Pooran was up instantly. Marsh is walking off so he thinks he's hit it. And, yes, a big spike. Spin strikes again. Was a good catch.;Mitchell Marsh c ?Pooran b Allen 75 (72m 44b 4x4 6x6) SR: 170.45;
16.6;1;Cottrell to Marsh, 1 run full and wide, a strongly hit drives goes straight to deep cover;
16.5;1;Cottrell to Christian, 1 run full outside off, takes a toe end towards short third man...Gayle pulls off a direct hit but Marsh is safe;
16.4;1;Cottrell to Marsh, 1 run just clears mid-off! Short of a length outside off, Marsh again loses control of the bat as he aims to launch it over the leg side, skews high into the off side and Simmons can't quite get back from the edge of the circle;
16.3;?;Cottrell to Marsh, no run aims for the same area, the ball is a touch fuller, Marsh plays over the top of it;
16.2;6;Cottrell to Marsh, SIX runs he's up and running again...short of a length, Marsh pulls it powerfully over deep square leg even though the bottom hand came off the bat;
16.1;2;Cottrell to Marsh, 2 runs full outside off, Marsh is across the crease and heaves through the leg side. They scamper the second. He hasn't had much strike of late;
16.1;1w;Cottrell to Marsh, 1 wide very full and wide outside off;
15.6;4;Walsh to Christian, FOUR runs very full and driven strongly through the off side, big stride into the ball and sends it wide of the sweeper;
15.5;1;Walsh to Marsh, 1 run full outside off, pushed square through the off side;
15.4;1;Walsh to Christian, 1 run another wrong 'un, Christian taps into the off side;
15.3;1;Walsh to Marsh, 1 run a straighter delivery, perhaps a googly, takes a thick inside edge to deep square leg;
15.2;1;Walsh to Christian, 1 run full at off stump, driven to deep cover;
15.1;W;Walsh to Turner, OUT beautiful delivery! He could be stumped here. Delightful bowling. Full at off stump, grips and spins away to beat the edge as Turner lunges forward. He over balances and Pooran whips off the bails. Third umpire checking first if he edge it. Well, Turner appears to have already walked off the field so he thinks he's out! No edge, but he's comfortably stumped. Lovely work by bowler and keeper;Ashton Turner st ?Pooran b Walsh 6 (12m 10b 0x4 0x6) SR: 60;
14.6;1;Russell to Turner, 1 run round the wicket, full outside off, dragged into the on side without much timing. Very good over from Russell;
14.6;1w;Russell to Turner, 1 wide a short ball angled across, called wide and Pooran isn't happy;
14.5;?;Russell to Turner, no run full outside off, another dot ball as he drives to a straight cover;
14.4;?;Russell to Turner, no run shorter delivery and again he finds the man at point;
14.3;?;Russell to Turner, no run full and wide outside off, connects nicely with this square drive as he reaches for it but picks out point;
14.2;2;Russell to Turner, 2 runs that's well played, moves right across outside off and scoops a low full toss over short fine leg although doesn't reach the rope;
14.1;1;Russell to Marsh, 1 run round the wicket, length ball outside off, crunched into the covers;
13.6;?;Walsh to Turner, no run nearly dragged on! Shorter outside off, aims to play square into the off side and gets a bottom edge into his boot;
13.5;1;Walsh to Marsh, 1 run low full toss is played down the ground...just trying to see through Walsh now;
13.4;1;Walsh to Turner, 1 run fuller again, he comes forward and drives cautiously just wide of cover;
13.3;1;Walsh to Marsh, 1 run touch shorter, slides on into Marsh, pushed straight of cover this time;
13.2;?;Walsh to Marsh, no run full and straight, driven to cover inside the circle;
13.1;1;Walsh to Turner, 1 run full outside off, a flat-batted drive to deep cover;
12.6;1;Russell to Turner, 1 run pushes a full delivery to mid-off. Can Australia compose themselves again?;
12.5;1;Russell to Marsh, 1 run stays round the wicket, low full toss on off stump, driven through the covers;
12.4;W;Russell to Henriques, OUT taken at long-on! Closer to off stump, full length, Henriques tries to fetch it and swings down the ground from a crouched position. Can't clear Allen;Moises Henriques c Allen b Russell 6 (7m 5b 1x4 0x6) SR: 120;
12.4;1w;Russell to Henriques, 1 wide stays round the wicket, full toss outside off, driven through the covers;
12.3;?;Russell to Henriques, no run wide again outside off, but keeps this just inside the guide line...through to the keeper;
12.3;1w;Russell to Henriques, 1 wide pushed across very wide outside off from round the wicket;
12.2;1;Russell to Marsh, 1 run low full toss at off stump, driven straight down the ground and can't beat long-off...Cottrell may have hurt himself fielding that;
12.1;1;Russell to Henriques, 1 run round the wicket, short of a length outside off, dabbed to short third man;
11.6;1;Walsh to Henriques, 1 run better delivery, full and straight, worked down the ground to long-on;
11.5;4;Walsh to Henriques, FOUR runs big full toss outside off stump, poor delivery, and it's hammered through the off side;
11.4;W;Walsh to Carey, OUT gone first ball! What a series he's having. Full at middle and leg, Carey aiming to work it off his pads and gets a looping leading edge at head height;Alex Carey c & b Walsh 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
11.3;W;Walsh to Finch, OUT he strikes again! Full at off stump, Finch aiming a slightly ungainly heave across the line and misses. Might have been held back a touch;Aaron Finch b Walsh 53 (55m 37b 5x4 3x6) SR: 143.24;
11.2;1;Walsh to Marsh, 1 run loses his shape a touch as he heaves down the ground to long-on;
11.1;1;Walsh to Finch, 1 run full outside off, a very firmly struck skimming drive down to long-off;
10.6;?;Hosein to Marsh, no run flat and full outside off, chopped to backward point;
10.5;1;Hosein to Finch, 1 run goes square into the off side this time with a cut and finds point;
10.4;4;Hosein to Finch, FOUR runs and again...not quite as far this time, but still finds the gap with the sweep and it takes him to a 34-ball fifty;
10.3;6;Hosein to Finch, SIX runs another thumping shot...moves well across his stumps and fetches this from quite wide with a slog sweep over deep square;
10.2;?;Hosein to Finch, no run huge appeal fir caught behind! Finch went for the cut. There was a noise and Pooran reviews. Potentially a bottom edge? Nothing on Ultra Edge as ball passes bat;
10.1;?;Hosein to Finch, no run swings and misses, this one was inside the tramline;
10.1;1w;Hosein to Finch, 1 wide round the wicket, wide outside off stump and doesn't get away with it;
9.6;?;Simmons to Marsh, no run good length at off stump, Marsh trying to force it away and gets a thick inside edge. The rain break didn't interrupt Australia's flow;
9.5;1;Simmons to Finch, 1 run gets this outside off stump, on a length, clubbed to deep midwicket, bat twisted in his hands. That's the hundred stand;
9.4;4;Simmons to Finch, FOUR runs just over short fine leg! Short again, Finch pulls it around the corner, hint of top edge about it but has just enough to clear a leaping Thomas;
9.3;6;Simmons to Finch, SIX runs all the way! Short of a length, bit of a long hop really, Finch heaves it over deep midwicket;
9.2;4;Simmons to Finch, FOUR runs again angling into leg stump, Finch paddle sweeps it wide of short fine leg...Australia's hundred up inside 10 overs;
9.1;1;Simmons to Marsh, 1 run angled into the pads, tucked to deep square leg;
8.6;1;Allen to Marsh, 1 run shorter and wider outside off, slapped to the cover sweeper.;
8.5;1;Allen to Finch, 1 run full outside off, Finch squirts a thick edge behind point.;
8.4;1;Allen to Marsh, 1 run full again on the stumps, driven along the ground to long-on.;
8.3;6;Allen to Marsh, SIX runs full on off, another inside out lofted drive over wide long-off, he's been doing it all innings so it's a fitting way to bring up a half-century off 24 balls.;
8.2;?;Allen to Marsh, no run full and wide, slaps at this but is beaten.;
8.1;1;Allen to Finch, 1 run full on the legs, uses his feet and flicks along the ground to deep midwicket.;
7.6;1;Walsh to Finch, 1 run short on leg stump but bowled quicker and flatter, this time Finch backs away and scuffs a pull into the ground past Marsh to long-on for one.;
7.5;?;Walsh to Finch, no run short on leg stump, punched back to Walsh Jr again.;
7.4;?;Walsh to Finch, no run full on off, drives wide of Walsh Jr to the bowler's left and he dives acrobatically to knock it down and convert a single into a dot.;
7.3;6;Walsh to Finch, SIX runs fractionally short ball on off again, Finch rocks back picking the length early and smokes a pull flat over midwicket into the grass embankment for six.;
7.2;1;Walsh to Marsh, 1 run good length ball on off stump, goes back to cut to the cover sweeper for one.;
7.1;?;Walsh to Marsh, no run short outside leg, Marsh goes back to pull but swings too hard and too eager, missing off his thigh for no run.;
6.6;1;Allen to Marsh, 1 run good length on sixth stump, slapped to the cover sweeper.;
6.5;?;Allen to Marsh, no run good length again on off, punched back to Allen.;
6.4;?;Allen to Marsh, no run good length ball on the stumps defended.;
6.3;4;Allen to Marsh, FOUR runs very very sloppy at wide long-off by Cottrell. Full on the stumps, driven to wide long-off for what should be two at most. Cottrell manages to slide past the ball and it turns into a boundary.;
6.2;1;Allen to Finch, 1 run good length outside off again, this time Finch finesses it away through point.;
6.1;?;Allen to Finch, no run good length and wide, Finch goes to cut but is late.;
5.6;6;Hosein to Marsh, SIX runs full on leg stump, Marsh backs away again to go inside out high and deep over extra cover. Looked like a skewed skier off the bat but Marsh must have the thickest edges in cricket bat-making history because that sails 20 yards over the rope into the stands.;
5.5;?;Hosein to Marsh, no run full and straight on middle, punched to extra cover.;
5.4;1;Hosein to Finch, 1 run darts this in flat on a good length following Finch backing away from leg, but the captain finds room enough to carve this behind point to get off strike.;
5.3;?;Hosein to Finch, no run full on the stumps, uses his feet to flick to backward square but Marsh isn't interested.;
5.2;1;Hosein to Marsh, 1 run drags this down shorter on fourth stump, Marsh goes back to pull to wide long-on.;
5.1;4;Hosein to Marsh, FOUR runs full on middle stump at 94 kph, Marsh backs away a touch from leg stump to drive this inside out in the air over extra cover, beautifully played to bring up the 50 stand off 24 balls.;
4.6;2;Russell to Finch, 2 runs low full toss on seventh stump slices square by Finch to Allen sweeping at deep point, who slides on the rope to keep this to a pair.;
4.5;?;Russell to Finch, no run full and wide again, another mishit drive by Finch to extra cover.;
4.4;?;Russell to Finch, no run full and wide again, drives this off the toe to cover.;
4.3;4;Russell to Finch, FOUR runs full and wide at 134 kph, Finch shuffles across and shovels this half-volley from sixth stump over midwicket for a boundary.;
4.2;1;Russell to Marsh, 1 run full and wide outside off, Marsh scuffs a drive across the line through mid-on.;
4.1;6;Russell to Marsh, SIX runs short ball way outside off stump on the wide guidelines, Marsh shuffles way outside his stumps to get in line and hammers a front foot pull over wide long-on. Imperious shot!;
4.1;1w;Russell to Marsh, 1 wide starts with a wide speared full but way outside the off side guidelines.;
3.6;?;Thomas to Finch, no run bouncer tails down leg. Again generously allowed to pass on the line of the ball by umpire Brathwaite.;
3.5;1;Thomas to Marsh, 1 run attempted yorker ends as a low full toss on off stump, punched to long-on now in place after the previous shot so it is kept to a single.;
3.4;4;Thomas to Marsh, FOUR runs elegant! Full on middle, half-volley punched on the up over Finch at the non-striker's end and mid-on has no chance to cut it off.;
3.3;6;Thomas to Marsh, SIX runs this time he doesn't get away with it. Thomas sends down another length ball this time wider on sixth stump and Marsh stands for a front-foot tennis backhand whack over the bowler's head for six.;
3.3;1nb;Thomas to Marsh, (no ball) length ball on fourth stump at 136 kph, Marsh got carried away trying to heave this out of the ground over midwicket and his head bobs all over the place out of control. Thomas gets away with it... not quite. He's overstepped again, this time over by 3 inches and the free hit stays in play.;
3.3;3nb;Thomas to Marsh, (no ball) 2 runs full length on fourth stump, punched wide of mid-off for a pair. Russell dives to track this down and relay back in. After play has stopped the umpire shouts no-ball following a notification from the third umpire. Marginal overstep but a definite one. Free hit to come for Marsh.;
3.2;4;Thomas to Marsh, FOUR runs length ball on middle stump at 137 kph, sits up for Marsh to swipe this over backward square and it's two bounces over the rope.;
3.1;6;Thomas to Marsh, SIX runs Marsh is unfazed being bounced at 137 kph and hammers this pull shot from fourth stump high over square leg and it sails out of the ground. First replacement ball of the night is making its way out to the middle.;
2.6;1;Cottrell to Marsh, 1 run back of a length on off, tap and run with soft hands in front of point. Walsh Jr. charges in and underhands a direct hit into the striker's end stumps but Finch makes the single quite easily.;
2.5;?;Cottrell to Marsh, no run short ball outside off skids a touch low, Marsh plays over the top of the ball with his pull.;
2.4;1;Cottrell to Finch, 1 run good length ball guided square by Finch wide of cover to get off strike.;
2.3;?;Cottrell to Finch, no run back of a length ball again defended.;
2.2;4;Cottrell to Finch, FOUR runs edge! Missed chance goes begging between Pooran and Gayle at slip! Cottrell bowls this perfectly in the fourth stump channel back of a length to suck Finch into another back foot punch but he's cramped for room and it climbs off the shoulder of the bat. The edge goes to Pooran's right and that was definitely his chance. It was way too far to Gayle's left at slip. Keeper's catch all the way but Pooran stood flat-footed. Should've been a catch and wicket.;
2.1;2;Cottrell to Finch, 2 runs length ball swinging in on fifth stump, Finch goes back to punch this off the back foot through cover. Allen circles around from deep third man tries to slide and slap this back in but looked to be clearly in contact with the rope simultaneously. The third umpire feels otherwise. Trick photography with some night shadows maybe. It stands as two.;
1.6;?;Thomas to Marsh, no run another short ball tailing down the leg side. Umpire Brathwaite curiously decides to let it pass as legal despite it clearly going down leg.;
1.6;1w;Thomas to Marsh, 1 wide bouncer down leg side at 138 kph. Marsh lets it pass and wide is called easily.;
1.5;W;Thomas to Wade, OUT extra bounce accounts for Wade! Almost identical delivery to the one two balls ago that Wade scuffed into the ground. This time that back of a length ball angled across Wade from over the wicket on fifth stump channel climbs a bit more with extra bounce and pace at 140 kph. Wade's attempted cut results in a healthy edge through to Pooran at head height.;Matthew Wade c ?Pooran b Thomas 5 (11m 4b 1x4 0x6) SR: 125;
1.4;4;Thomas to Wade, FOUR runs length ball slanted across fifth stump at 143 kph, sits up for Wade to punch this off the back foot through cover and it races to the rope.;
1.3;?;Thomas to Wade, no run back of a length on fifth stump, goes to cut and chops a bottom edge back to the bowler.;
1.2;1;Thomas to Finch, 1 run yorker on leg stump, Finch charges and digs it out toward mid-off for a sharp run.;
1.1;?;Thomas to Finch, no run good length at 140 kph angled into Finch's body, extra bounce pings Finch right in the box hopping on the back foot. Finch is taking a few moments to gather himself...;
0.6;1;Cottrell to Finch, 1 run back of a length on the stumps, flicked into the leg side for one.;
0.6;1w;Cottrell to Finch, 1 wide bouncer over the stumps, wide signaled from square leg. Fair call. Finch isn't the tallest guy in the Australia squad by any stretch.;
0.5;4lb;Cottrell to Finch, 4 leg byes fullish length swinging down the leg side, Finch charges for a flick and misses off his pads, clips the knee roll down leg past Pooran for four leg byes.;
0.4;?;Cottrell to Finch, no run fullish length wide on sixth stump, Finch is late driving away from his body.;
0.3;?;Cottrell to Finch, no run good length ball slanted across fourth stump at 137 kph, beats Finch dangling the bat outside off.;
0.2;?;Cottrell to Finch, no run back of a length on middle, defended into midwicket and Simmons cuts off a single.;
0.1;1;Cottrell to Wade, 1 run good length on the legs at 132 kph, Wade goes back to flick into midwicket for one.;

Cheers Gnasher. West Indies are taking the knee along with the Australian players again for a brief moment before the start of play. Matthew Wade is in the middle with captain Aaron Finch and they're ready to get underway. Sheldon Cottrell has the new ball in hand. Over the stumps to Wade. Slip in place.
We are almost ready for the action. Peter will be here for the first spell.
7.20pm Matthew Kelly: "Very likely Marnus would have been on this tour if he wasn't in England on playing County. He would have been an ideal replacement for Smith, and still might be for the WC. Vital for Australia to have one of them in the middle order."

Peanut: "Is Marcus Stoinis injured or something?" One of the players who opted out of the tour
7.10pm Rameez: "Some saying smith is not a big loss for australia, well in chases like 140-160 smith is the ideal batsmen to chase these targets, plus on tricky spinning surfaces you won't find a better batsman in australian ranks." Oh yes, that's very true. The sort of batter who could have guided that opening game home, although really that was just a complete mess up from Australia. He has a key role to play, but Warner and Maxwell vital as well.
7.00pm Australia have won the toss and will bat - consistency from Aaron Finch in this area. Four wins from four.
Australia 1 Aaron Finch (capt), 2 Matthew Wade (wk), 3 Mitchell Marsh, 4 Alex Carey, 5 Moises Henriques, 6 Ashton Turner, 7 Dan Christian, 8 Mitchell Starc, 9 Adam Zampa, 10 Riley Meredith, 11 Jason Behrendorff
One change for Australia with left-armer Behrendorff replacing Hazlewood
West Indies 1 Lendl Simmons, 2 Evin Lewis, 3 Chris Gayle, 4 Andre Fletcher, 5 Nicholas Pooran (capt & wk), 6 Andre Russell, 7 Fabian Allen, 8 Hayden Walsh Jr, 9 Akeal Hosein, 10 Sheldon Cottrell, 11 Oshane Thomas
Three change for the hosts with Lewis, Hosein and Thomas in. Hetymer, Bravo and McCoy miss out. So potentially not quite as strong of a batting line up.
6.55pm SunnyB : "Can you say what keeping Lewis out of the games...as I feel he should be the ideal replacement for Hetty" It was an illness or injury issue to start with. He fielded sub for a period of time in the last game, so would appear to be okay now.
6.40pm Slim Shady: "Since the Aussies have lost the series I think it's better to give chance to the other guys Swepson should come in for Zampa and Behrendorff/Tye should replace Hazlewood.. what say?" Yep, that certainly has some merit. May as well see what others can do.
Satish N: "Australia will never progress to knockout stage at the T20 World Cup. This, even if Steven Smith is back. England, West Indies, New Zealand and India are the firm favourites." Not sure Smith is the biggest loss from this team.
6.30pm Hello everyone and welcome to our coverage of the fourth match of this T20 series. It's all wrapped up for West Indies with them standing 3-0 after two very convincing all-round displays. Can Australia find a way to respond? I'm Andrew McGlashan and along with Peter Della Penna will bring you all the action.
Some squad news from the West Indies camp: left-arm spinner Akeal Hosein and offspinner Kevin Sinclair have been added for Shimron Hetmyer and Obed McCoy who have minor injuries.
Ben McDermott and Ashton Agar missed the previous game with minor problems and we await an update on them.
Jack: "Surely Aus won't lose 5-0?" Well, they'll need to play a bit better
 Innings Start
Australia win by four runs and make it 3-1 in the series. What a terrific game that was from start to finish. Australia raced out of the blocks thanks to Mitchell Marsh and were then pulled back by Hayden Walsh Jr. Then Lendl Simmons started the chase in style before Marsh and Adam Zampa turned the match before Fabian Allen took Riley Meredith for four sixes. However, Mitchell Starc stood tall to deny Andre Russell in the last over. Was it the right call not to take those runs? You can understand Russell backing himself. An excellent contest. I'll bring you the presentations shortly.
Taha Sh: "Starc should be given the Motm award for that last over itself, won the match out of nowhere after that disastrous over from Meredith"
arun g: "Backing yourself to hit the big shots is fine! But, turning down singles with 4 wickets in hand, especially when you can run byes with the keeper standing back, doesn't seem to make sense. That would have put the bowler under so much more pressure in the last 2 deliveries!"
Max: "Geez, what a game! Although Finch may have almost lost it for Australia by picking Meredith over Behrendorff."
Mitchell Marsh is player of the match. "I thought the new ball came on really well tonight. We saw that with both teams. Growing up at the WACA, I love [facing] fast bowling, a bit of fun. It was a great all-round performance from all our bowlers. I thought it was probably par, the wicket slowed up towards the back end but with West Indies you never think it's enough."
Nicholas Pooran "We didn't start properly, the momentum shifted in the fourth over. We let them get away from us and didn't execute as good as wanted to. Maybe we could have got more singles in the middle overs, that last over was well executed by Mitchell Starc so well bowled to him. The way Hayden bowled again, Fabien Allen with the bat, he looked like Superman, so a lot of positives."
Aaron Finch "We stuck at it all the way, they got away in the Powerplay but that can happen. The way Mitch got away to flier allowed me to sit back. Then it was a chance for both of us to accelerate after the rain break. We knew if Mitchell Starc executes he's as good as anyone in the world. Lot of faith in him. The way Adam Zampa bowled through the middle, Mitch Marsh and Jason Behrendorff, took the pace off the ball."
I'll wrap things up there for today. We'll be back for the final match of the series on Friday. For now, from Gnasher and Peter, it's goodbye and thanks for joining us.
19.6;6;Starc to Russell, SIX runs swung over the leg side, finds the gap at deep midwicket but it's Australia's game. Just too late from Russell tonight.;
19.5;?;Starc to Russell, no run big full toss, swung high into the air, doesn't get the timing, lands safe but no runs taken;
19.4;?;Starc to Russell, no run full, angled into the pads, Russell misses his swing this time and rebounds off the pads to short third man;
19.3;?;Starc to Russell, no run low full toss at the pads, swung out to deep midwicket and the run is again declined;
19.2;?;Starc to Russell, no run full, angled in at the pads, clubbed straight to deep midwicket and again he turns down the run;
19.1;?;Starc to Russell, no run round the wicket, a yorker outside leg stump, knocks Russell off his feet, goes through midwicket but he doesn't run;
18.6;W;Meredith to Allen, OUT edged, caught behind! Full and wide outside off, goes for another big and gets a thin edge. Has that come too late for Australia;Fabian Allen c ?Wade b Meredith 29 (21m 14b 2x4 3x6) SR: 207.14;
18.5;6;Meredith to Allen, SIX runs three in row! Onto the grass banks. What an innings from Allen. Who needs Andre Russell? This was wider outside off, another slower ball, Allen opened the face a touch and carved it over deep point;
18.4;6;Meredith to Allen, SIX runs this is even bigger! Oh boy, what a display. Meredith went back-of-a-length with a slower ball, Allen couldn't have hit this any sweeter over deep midwicket;
18.3;6;Meredith to Allen, SIX runs huge...six more! A big full toss outside off from Meredith and Allen dispatches it over long-on into the stands;
18.2;1;Meredith to Russell, 1 run gets the yorker in outside off, Russell swings and it takes an inside edge to the leg side. Russell annoyed;
18.1;6;Meredith to Russell, SIX runs crunched! A low full toss outside off, almighty power from Russell as it rockets down the ground. Long-on barely had to move and couldn't get it;
17.6;?;Starc to Allen, no run beats the off stump with a low full toss that Allen can't get a connection on...West Indies still just about in touch;
17.5;4;Starc to Allen, FOUR runs magnificent shot! You won't see better than that. Starc offers up length this time, Allen lofts it over wide mid-off;
17.4;4;Starc to Allen, FOUR runs over short third man! Curtly Ambrose picked it on commentary. Low full toss, Allen swings hard and the thick edge flies in the air over the man inside the ring;
17.3;?;Starc to Allen, no run terrific yorker! How did that miss? Lands it perfectly just outside off stump. Allen swings and misses;
17.2;1;Starc to Russell, 1 run very wide on the crease from round the wicket, a full toss at the stumps, driven powerfully but long-off is stationed very straight. Russell off strike;
17.1;2;Starc to Russell, 2 runs lands short of deep cover, and Carey nearly done by the spin! He's used to having the gloves in. A scything drive from Russell at a delivery outside off. Was a good recovery from Carey;
16.6;1;Behrendorff to Russell, 1 run drags the length back, 112kph, another slower ball, swatted through square leg but the deep fielder does well to keep it to a single;
16.5;6;Behrendorff to Russell, SIX runs there we go! Full at the stumps, Russell keeps his head down and crunches it over wide long-on;
16.4;1;Behrendorff to Allen, 1 run goes for a drive and gets an inside edge into the pads which only bobbles away for a single...a knuckle ball;
16.3;?;Behrendorff to Allen, no run stays round the wicket, a full slower ball outside off, Allen only connects with fresh air;
16.2;1;Behrendorff to Russell, 1 run full outside off, driven to deep cover;
16.1;1;Behrendorff to Allen, 1 run round the wicket, low full toss at the stumps, swung to long-on;
15.6;1;Marsh to Allen, 1 run length ball outside off, driven square towards point...just one run off the 16th over;
15.5;?;Marsh to Allen, no run keeps it full, played into midwicket;
15.4;?;Marsh to Allen, no run full and straight, defended carefully back to the bowler...another valuable dot for Australia;
15.3;W;Marsh to Simmons, OUT two in two balls! Is this the game? Short of a length, Simmons went for the pull, think this was near the splice, got near the deep midwicket rope by Henriques is there to swallow it. Knew where he was in relation to the rope;Lendl Simmons c Henriques b Marsh 72 (77m 48b 10x4 2x6) SR: 150;
15.2;W;Marsh to Pooran, OUT taken at long-off! Got plenty of height but not enough distance. A good length delivery, was wide enough outside off that it came from low down on the bat as Pooran aimed to loft straight down the ground. Christian judged it well;Nicholas Pooran c Christian b Marsh 16 (24m 15b 1x4 1x6) SR: 106.66;
15.1;?;Marsh to Pooran, no run length ball outside off, dies off the pitch and Pooran swipes over the top of it;
14.6;1;Zampa to Pooran, 1 run full outside off, he closes the face and works it back past Zampa to long-on;
14.5;1;Zampa to Simmons, 1 run back of a length, fizzed through at 94kph, driven to deep cover;
14.4;?;Zampa to Simmons, no run pushed into the pads, can't get it away;
14.3;2;Zampa to Simmons, 2 runs a flatter delivery outside off, driven over Zampa's head straight down the ground but long-off can get across;
14.2;6;Zampa to Simmons, SIX runs cracking shot! Skips down the pitch and drives through the line straight down the ground over long-on;
14.1;?;Zampa to Simmons, no run short of a length, driven to cover;
13.6;4;Marsh to Pooran, FOUR runs fantastic stroke! Comes round the wicket, it's full and very wide, Pooran opens the face and drills it through backward point;
13.5;1;Marsh to Simmons, 1 run uses his feet, it's back of a length and he taps into midwicket;
13.5;1w;Marsh to Simmons, 1 wide angled down the leg side;
13.4;1;Marsh to Pooran, 1 run fuller, outside off, swings to the leg side and gets a thick inside edge;
13.3;6;Marsh to Pooran, SIX runs that's big! Just back of a length outside off, he fetches it and drags a pull off the front foot over wide long-on;
13.2;2;Marsh to Pooran, 2 runs full and very wide outside off, connects well with his drive as he reaches for it, deep point is able to get around the rope;
13.1;?;Marsh to Pooran, no run short outside off, he'll feel he missed out here, back cutting to short third man;
12.6;4;Meredith to Simmons, FOUR runs finds the boundary...throwing his hands through another full, wide delivery and it flies off a thick edge to beat third man. Much needed for West Indies;
12.6;1w;Meredith to Simmons, 1 wide gets this a touch too wide outside off and even though Simmons was moving outside leg that's a fair call;
12.5;?;Meredith to Simmons, no run this is excellent, another yorker outside off, Simmons can't make connection. He has lost his earlier momentum;
12.4;?;Meredith to Simmons, no run 141kph, a yorker outside leg stump, Simmons moving around his crease...doesn't get the wide call;
12.3;?;Meredith to Simmons, no run a yorker wide outside off, 140kph, Simmons plays over the top as he drives;
12.2;1;Meredith to Pooran, 1 run on the pads, clipped to long leg;
12.1;1;Meredith to Simmons, 1 run full outside off, 142kph, carved in the air square over the off side;
11.6;1;Behrendorff to Simmons, 1 run using his feet again, it's a fuller delivery, the bat face twists and he drives in the air through extra cover;
11.5;?;Behrendorff to Simmons, no run comes down the pitch outside leg stump and misses his swing to leg, another cutter into the pitch;
11.4;1;Behrendorff to Pooran, 1 run full at off stump, 129kph, punched firmly straight down the ground to long-off;
11.3;?;Behrendorff to Pooran, no run another slower ball, full at the stumps, tapped to the on side. Asking rate now over 10;
11.2;?;Behrendorff to Pooran, no run short of a length outside off, this grips and comes into Pooran;
11.1;1;Behrendorff to Simmons, 1 run over the wicket, low full toss on the pads, clipped to deep midwicket;
10.6;?;Zampa to Pooran, no run short outside off, goes for the cut and it takes a bottom edge towards point;
10.5;?;Zampa to Pooran, no run good length at the stumps, he plays back and defends;
10.4;?;Zampa to Pooran, no run beats the edge! Slides across Pooran first ball as the left hander pressers forward. Lovely stuff;
10.3;W;Zampa to Fletcher, OUT this one is through him! A very unconvincing innings from Fletcher. Short of a length, skids on again, Fletcher goes for the pull and plays right over the top of it;Andre Fletcher b Zampa 6 (15m 14b 1x4 0x6) SR: 42.85;
10.2;?;Zampa to Fletcher, no run appeal for lbw...this skids through and Fletcher is caught on the back foot. Finch calls the review. This kept a bit low, takes the back leg. Will could be close. In fact, he'd got so far across the crease he was comfortably outside off stump;
10.1;1;Zampa to Simmons, 1 run driven flat through the off side;
9.6;1;Marsh to Simmons, 1 run short on fifth stump, swipes this to wide long-on for another long single as a sharp relay denies a possible second.;
9.5;1;Marsh to Fletcher, 1 run back of a length on off stump, Fletcher swipes this to deep backward square.;
9.4;?;Marsh to Fletcher, no run back of a length on leg stump, Fletcher comes down the track but checks his shot back to Marsh.;
9.3;?;Marsh to Fletcher, no run back of a length on fifth stump, Fletcher cuts this straight to backward point.;
9.2;4;Marsh to Fletcher, FOUR runs attempted slower ball lands full on off at 115 kph, Fletcher not fooled and clocks this flat over Marsh's head back through mid-off to the rope.;
9.1;1;Marsh to Simmons, 1 run back of a length following Simmons backing away from leg, he flicks through backward square for a long single.;
8.6;?;Zampa to Fletcher, no run full on fifth stump, prodded to extra cover.;
8.5;?;Zampa to Fletcher, no run full on fifth stump, guided behind point.;
8.4;?;Zampa to Fletcher, no run full on off stump, defended to Zampa.;
8.3;1;Zampa to Simmons, 1 run quicker flatter ball on a good length on fifth stump, goes back to cut this to the cover sweeper.;
8.2;1;Zampa to Fletcher, 1 run full and wide, driven to the cover sweeper to get off the mark.;
8.1;1;Zampa to Simmons, 1 run good length on the legs, Simmons goes back to flick through midwicket.;
7.6;?;Marsh to Fletcher, no run full and defended into the covers again.;
7.5;?;Marsh to Fletcher, no run back of a length on off stump at 126 kph, defended into the covers.;
7.4;?;Marsh to Fletcher, no run full on fourth stump, defended back to Marsh.;
7.3;?;Marsh to Fletcher, no run slower ball lands full on middle stump, Fletcher defends and it sounded like a double noise. Big lbw shout upheld and Fletcher reviews immediately. Umpire Brathwaite is going to have to overturn this. Looked dubious live and sure enough replays show a massive inside edge.;
7.2;W;Marsh to Gayle, OUT full on sixth stump, Gayle tries to heave this back through the leg side over wide long-on, plenty of power behind this but not nearly enough elevation as it screams flat to Behrendorff on the rope. Gayle's bad luck to pick out the tallest man on the field who bunny hops to take this reaching above head height a yard inside the rope.;Chris Gayle c Behrendorff b Marsh 1 (14m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
7.1;1;Marsh to Simmons, 1 run slower ball lands full on off, Simmons shuffles across to flick through midwicket to bring up his half-century off 28 balls. His ninth T20I fifty.;
6.6;1;Meredith to Simmons, 1 run another wide yorker on the guidelines slapped out to the cover sweeper.;
6.5;?;Meredith to Simmons, no run another attempted wide yorker is a knee high full toss on the wide guidelines, Simmons tries to stab this out behind point but bottom edges this to the keeper on one bounce instead.;
6.4;?;Meredith to Simmons, no run wide yorker on sixth stump at 139 kph, jammed out to backward point.;
6.3;4;Meredith to Simmons, FOUR runs what a shot! Simmons delays his shuffle this time, Meredith goes with length on sixth stump but Simmons still manages to flick this well outside his body over backward square to the rope.;
6.2;4;Meredith to Simmons, FOUR runs classy! Simmons premeditates a scoop after shuffling across his stumps. Meredith doesn't adjust well on the yorker and it winds up as a low full toss on leg stump at a perfect height to complete the shot through fine leg to the rope.;
6.1;1;Meredith to Gayle, 1 run short ball on sixth stump at 143 kph, Gayle swats at this to tap to third man.;
5.6;4;Starc to Simmons, FOUR runs wide yorker on fifth stump, Simmons inside edges this to short fine leg for what should be a dot but Zampa gives a matador red cape effort on the ring and turns a dot into a boundary, much to Starc's dismay.;
5.6;1w;Starc to Simmons, 1 wide yorker misfired down leg side at 147 kph, Wade does well to keep it from being five.;
5.5;4;Starc to Simmons, FOUR runs overpitched on off stump as Starc misfires a slower ball yorker at 128 kph, Simmons heaves this half-volley back over Starc's head, one bounce over the rope.;
5.4;?;Starc to Simmons, no run short and wide on seventh stump, Simmons is late on a cut shot and beaten by a touch of extra bounce too at 145 kph.;
5.3;?;Starc to Simmons, no run another yorker, this time on fourth stump, and this time Simmons can't toe-jam this out as it skids through to Wade.;
5.2;4;Starc to Simmons, FOUR runs yorker on middle, Simmons opens the face a touch to toe-jam this out very creatively past third man on the ring and all the way to the rope.;
5.1;?;Starc to Simmons, no run very full on off stump, driven to mid-off straight to the fielder.;
4.6;?;Zampa to Gayle, no run full on fourth stump, drives toward cover but can't pierce the field for a run.;
4.5;W;Zampa to Lewis, OUT Zampa finally has his first wicket of the series! Lewis got a bit carried away here and really gifted his wicket by backing away well outside leg stump trying to carve over cover. It wasn't full enough for such a drive but because it was premeditated Lewis went for the shot anyway to a good length ball and misses badly as off stump is rattled.;Evin Lewis b Zampa 31 (24m 14b 4x4 2x6) SR: 221.42;
4.4;1;Zampa to Simmons, 1 run flighted full on fifth stump, Simmons slogs this flat to long-on but fielded on one bounce.;
4.3;1;Zampa to Lewis, 1 run good length ball on the stumps, goes back to flick into midwicket.;
4.2;4;Zampa to Lewis, FOUR runs flights this more on leg stump and lands it full, Lewis stands straight and clocks this flat over mid-on up in the ring, easy strike to the rope.;
4.1;?;Zampa to Lewis, no run googly lands on a good length on fifth stump at 92 kph, Lewis swipes at it flat-footed and is beaten.;
3.6;1;Christian to Lewis, 1 run full on fifth stump, Lewis goes for another big heave but scuffs this along the ground to long-on.;
3.5;6;Christian to Lewis, SIX runs bouncer on fifth stump, Lewis hooks this in classic calypso style high and deep over backward square leg to generate some whoops and hollers from the crowd in St Lucia. It also brings up the half-century stand off 26 balls.;
3.4;6;Christian to Lewis, SIX runs slower ball lands in the slot on sixth stump, Lewis isn't fooled at 109 kph and clobbers this high and deep over mid-on way beyond the rope.;
3.4;1w;Christian to Lewis, 1 wide another slower wide ball at 116 kph again lands outside the guidelines and results in another bonus run to the hosts.;
3.4;1w;Christian to Lewis, 1 wide slower ball at 118 kph lands full and very wide outside the guidelines, will need to be rebowled.;
3.3;4;Christian to Lewis, FOUR runs length ball on fourth stump, sits up for Lewis to slam over mid-on, leaping effort in vain by Zampa on the ring.;
3.2;4;Christian to Lewis, FOUR runs short ball on the stumps, pulls this high over wide mid-on, not timed perfectly but still got enough of it to get to the rope.;
3.1;?;Christian to Lewis, no run back of a length slower ball on fifth stump, guides this behind point but can't beat the fielder.;
2.6;4;Behrendorff to Simmons, FOUR runs half-volley on fifth stump at 132 kph, Simmons charges and slams this flat past the non-striker's stumps this time and won't be denied a boundary on this occasion.;
2.5;1;Behrendorff to Lewis, 1 run slower good length ball on leg stump, goes to flick this behind square to get off strike.;
2.4;?;Behrendorff to Lewis, no run short ball on the body, Lewis goes to pull and mistimes this off the body lobbing up behind him but well short of Wade charging forward.;
2.3;4;Behrendorff to Lewis, FOUR runs shin high full toss on fifth stump as Behrendorff misfires his length attempting a yorker and Lewis shovels this over mid-off with ease to the rope.;
2.3;2nb;Behrendorff to Simmons, (no ball) 1 run slower ball lands full on off stump at 104 kph, Simmons flicks this in the air but bounces just short of deep square leg. No ball signaled from the third umpire as replays show Behrendorff was a good two inches over the line on his landing.;
2.2;?;Behrendorff to Simmons, no run length ball on fourth stump, Simmons slams this back straight into the non-striker's stumps.;
2.1;?;Behrendorff to Simmons, no run big appeal! Back of a length on off stump and Simmons goes back defending as the ball makes a big noise passing the batsman, but too big for relatively little deviation. Umpire says not out off the top of the pad flap and Australia opt against using a review, wisely.;
1.6;?;Meredith to Lewis, no run good length ball angled across fourth stump at 142 kph, defended into the covers.;
1.5;1;Meredith to Simmons, 1 run slower ball again on off stump on a good length at 119 kph, picked very early by Simmons who shuffles across to tickle this into midwicket and is finally off strike.;
1.4;4;Meredith to Simmons, FOUR runs short on the stumps, sits up at 144 kph and Simmons swivels inside the line to hammer a pull over midwicket for another boundary.;
1.3;4;Meredith to Simmons, FOUR runs slower ball full on the pads at 117 kph, Simmons fooled initially but adjusts to keep his hands back long enough to flick this past Zampa at fine leg to the rope.;
1.2;6;Meredith to Simmons, SIX runs half-volley in the slot on off stump at 137 kph, Simmons winds up and clocks this high and deep over midwicket onto the grass bank beyond the fence.;
1.1;?;Meredith to Simmons, no run length ball on the pads at 143 kph, Simmons swivels to pull and gets a thin edge that skittles to short fine leg and Zampa dives to turn a four into a dot.;
0.6;1;Starc to Simmons, 1 run back of a length on the stumps at 146 kph, goes back to clip this through midwicket.;
0.5;2;Starc to Simmons, 2 runs low full toss at shin height at 145 kph on sixth stump, Simmons slices this to the man at cover who fumbles to turn a dot into two.;
0.4;4;Starc to Simmons, FOUR runs full on fifth stump at 145 kph, enough width outside off to encourage a drive from Simmons and he muscles this over wide mid-off before going to the rope on two bounces.;
0.3;?;Starc to Simmons, no run full inswinger on middle stump at 144 kph, Simmons blocks it back to Starc.;
0.2;?;Starc to Simmons, no run back of a length on off stump at 144 kph, defended to cover.;
0.1;?;Starc to Simmons, no run full inswinger at 143 kph pings Simmons on the pads but well outside leg stump so the appeal is stifled after a missed flick.;

Starc has the new ball facing Simmons over the stumps with a slip in place.
 Innings Start
Australia
West Indies
4th T20I (N), Gros Islet, Jul 14 2021, Australia tour of West Indies
189/6
185/6
Player of the match is Mitchell Marsh, AUS
Australia won by 4 runs
