Data
5.07pm India will be pleased with how they have pulled Australia back here. The visitors were 244 for 2 with 10 overs to go, and Glenn Maxwell was just warming up for the job ahead, after a superb opening stand between captain Aaron Finch and century-maker Usman Khawaja. India got their act together in those last 10 overs, though, and have kept Australia down to what looks like an achievable target. They will have to bat really well to get the 314 runs needed to wrap this series up, though. Back in just a short while for the chase
Usman Khawaja tells Matthew Hayden on the broadcast:"I was just batting. Not thinking too far ahead. Got 313 on the board, but now we have got to bowl and field well. First ODI hundred for Australia...it's nice to get three figures, but a win will feel much better. Don't want to get too far ahead, I suppose. We need to hit the stumps, and field well. Fast outfield, so we need to do all that we can. (Finch) Batting beautifully, and was unlucky not to get a hundred."
Meanwhile, do read this lovely International Women's Day tribute by Sharda Ugra
49.6;1;Bumrah to Stoinis, 1 run full toss, and he hits it hard but cannot beat extra cover;
49.5;4;Bumrah to Stoinis, FOUR runs length, outside off, and he punches this through covers. Good shot, as he waited for it to come to him, and then just timed it through the off side. Was a change of pace again, and he picked it early!;
49.4;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run full, wide of off stump, but within the tramlines, as Stoinis fails to reach there. Good bowling, just 133kph;
49.3;1;Bumrah to Carey, 1 run fuller, down leg side, chane of pace too, and he plays it away towards long leg;
49.2;4;Bumrah to Carey, FOUR runs length ball, and he makes room and slashes this hard over point. Great shot for the field he's faced with!;
49.1;?;Bumrah to Carey, no run slower ball, outside off, and he misses out with an attempted cut;
48.6;4;Shami to Stoinis, FOUR runs full ball, strays down the pads and he plays it down to the long leg fence;
48.5;1;Shami to Carey, 1 run full toss, outside off, and he drives it forcefully through covers. Was close to being a no-ball, but he met it just below waist height;
48.4;1;Shami to Stoinis, 1 run full ball, and he hits it hard, but straight towards long on;
48.3;1;Shami to Carey, 1 run full ball, and he plays this towards midwicket;
48.2;1;Shami to Stoinis, 1 run full ball, and he drives it down towards long off;
48.1;2;Shami to Stoinis, 2 runs drags a length ball from outside off and gets it towards deep midwicket. They are able to switch across for two, but the return hits Carey at the non-striker's end;
47.6;1lb;Bumrah to Stoinis, 1 leg bye another scorching yorker, and he just about keeps it out with his bat;
47.5;4;Bumrah to Stoinis, FOUR runs full ball, outside off, and he guides this down towards third man. Very well placed to get it beyond point;
47.4;1;Bumrah to Carey, 1 run full ball, outside off, and he drives it forcefully towards extra cover;
47.3;1;Bumrah to Stoinis, 1 run full ball, and he chops it down on to his leg, and towards short fine leg;
47.2;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run length ball, and he drives it forcefully, but hits the stumps at the non-striker's end;
47.1;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run full ball, wide, and he swings and misses;
46.6;2;Shami to Carey, 2 runs length ball, w, and he punches it towards extra cover, where Rayudu does well to cut off the possible boundary;
46.5;?;Shami to Carey, no run Carey charges down the wicket, and Shami pulls the length ball, as well as slowing it down. He misses the ball as it goes over the stumps;
46.4;?;Shami to Carey, no run looks to swing a length ball around the on side, but loses his shape in the process. Strikes him on the pads, but quite high up;
46.3;4;Shami to Carey, FOUR runs straight as a die! Length ball, and he hammers it straight past long on;
46.2;4;Shami to Carey, FOUR runs length, and he backs away and drives this through covers. Vijay Shankar dives away to his right at cover, but cannot stop it. Might have dived over the ball, in fact!;
46.1;1;Shami to Stoinis, 1 run length ball, and he drives this down towards long on;
45.6;1;Bumrah to Stoinis, 1 run length ball, that he taps towards point. They go for a single...always dangerous with Jadeja on the prowl...and they make it as the throw misses the stumps;
45.5;1;Bumrah to Carey, 1 run short ball, and he backs away to the onside and cuts it towards point;
45.4;?;Bumrah to Carey, no run full ball, strikes him on the on the pads, as he looks to play it towards the on side;
45.3;1;Bumrah to Stoinis, 1 run length ball, and he plays it with soft hands towards point;
45.2;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run full ball, coming back into him, and he plays it towards mid on;
45.1;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run full ball, and he defends back to the bowler;
44.6;1;Shami to Stoinis, 1 run full ball, and he drives this down to long on. Bowled at 137.6kph, this time around;
44.5;1;Shami to Carey, 1 run fuller ball, on the pads, and he flicks it away towards midwicket;
44.4;1;Shami to Stoinis, 1 run full toss towards off stump, and he flicks this away towards deep midwicket;
44.3;4;Shami to Stoinis, FOUR runs short, wide, and he gets up on his toes and cuts this away past point. Did well to get the required elevation;
44.2;1;Shami to Carey, 1 run length, comes back into him, and he defends this down towards long on;
44.1;1;Shami to Stoinis, 1 run starts with a full toss outside off, and he flicks it away towards deep midwicket;
43.6;?;Kuldeep to Carey, no run leaves a length ball turning away from him outside off;
43.5;?;Kuldeep to Carey, no run presses forward to defend a length ball;
43.4;W;Kuldeep to Handscomb, OUT goes forward to a length ball, turns into him, and he's a goner! They also don't have a review left, just like India. Pitched just outside off, but he was very much in front of the stumps, as the ball turned back in. Once it missed his bat, I suspect he knew he could be in trouble.;Peter Handscomb lbw b Kuldeep Yadav 0 (2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
43.3;?;Kuldeep to Handscomb, no run goes back to a length ball, and punches it with the turn into him, but cannot beat short midwicket;
43.2;W;Kuldeep to Marsh, OUT uses his feet to get to a length ball, but cannot keep his on drive down. And Vijay Shankar moves swiftly to his right, and takes a sharp, low catch!;Shaun Marsh c Shankar b Kuldeep Yadav 7 (12b 0x4 0x6) SR: 58.33;
43.1;1;Kuldeep to Stoinis, 1 run tossed up, turns away from him, and he punches it down the ground to long off;
42.6;1;Jadeja to Stoinis, 1 run waits on it, and cuts it back towards third man. They set off for a quick single, and make it...;
42.5;?;Jadeja to Stoinis, no run comes down the wicket, Jadeja shortens the length, and he defends it back down the wicket;
42.4;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run uses the angle of the ball coming into him to flick this away towards midwicket;
42.3;1;Jadeja to Stoinis, 1 run drives a fuller ball down towards long off;
42.2;?;Jadeja to Stoinis, no run Stoinis looks for a paddle lap sweep, and gets it off his arms. It pops up in the air on the off side but not close enough to Dhoni;
42.1;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run tossed up, and he flicks this towards midwicket;
41.6;W;Kuldeep to Marsh, OUT length, outside off, and he goes back and punches this towards cover. Jadeja stops it, and Dhoni hits the stumps at one go off his return! Maxwell is gone, as Dhoni catches him short with a very quick flick on from the throw. Important wicket this!;Glenn Maxwell run out (Jadeja/?Dhoni) 47 (31b 3x4 3x6) SR: 151.61;
41.5;1;Kuldeep to Maxwell, 1 run length ball, turns down leg, and he gets it down towards long leg;
41.4;?;Kuldeep to Maxwell, no run tossed up, and he looks to go down the ground, misses. Dhoni whips the bails off, but Maxwell has his back foot rooted inside the crease, from the look of things. They are checking with the TV umpire, but he had slid his foot back in;
41.3;1;Kuldeep to Marsh, 1 run short, turning away from him, and he forces this towards extra cover;
41.2;1;Kuldeep to Maxwell, 1 run wrong 'un, and he goes back and smashes it down to long off;
41.1;6;Kuldeep to Maxwell, SIX runs makes room and goes inside out to a length ball just on off-stump. Hit hard, and flat, and deep!;
40.6;1;Jadeja to Maxwell, 1 run tossed up, and he drives this towards extra cover, where Kohli misfields! Also seems in a bit of discomfort with his fingers on the right hand. Is that an injury concern for India?;
40.5;?;Jadeja to Maxwell, no run tosses this up wide outside off, and Maxwell goes for cow corner, but misses;
40.4;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run flicks a length ball turning into him towards short fine leg;
40.3;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run defends a length ball coming into him;
40.2;2;Jadeja to Marsh, 2 runs tossed up, and he flicks this towards deep midwicket. They go for two, and a throw at the striker's end could have had Marsh in trouble, but Rayudu throws this down to the non-striker's end;
40.1;1;Jadeja to Maxwell, 1 run length ball, turns back into Maxwell as he stretches forward to defend. Goes off the inside of his bat and drops down towards short midwicket;
39.6;1;Bumrah to Maxwell, 1 run full ball, raps him on the pads as he looks to dig it out. Vociferous appeal from Bumrah, but not given. Seems to have taken part of the bat along the way. Great ball to end the second Powerplay!;
39.5;1;Bumrah to Marsh, 1 run slower ball, and he taps it towards short cover and runs! Maxwell would have been gone, if Rayudu had hit this time, but he doesnt...;
39.4;1;Bumrah to Maxwell, 1 run length ball, and he goes back and flicks it towards square leg;
39.3;2;Bumrah to Maxwell, 2 runs length ball, and he goes back to play this towards short midwicket...who misfields. Rayudu this time...as it goes past him and deep midwicket has to clean up;
39.2;?;Bumrah to Maxwell, no run length ball, outside off, creeps low, and he looks to defend this from the crease. Close to the off stump, in fact!;
39.1;?;Bumrah to Maxwell, no run straight ball, comes into him with the angle, and he defends;
38.6;?;Shami to Marsh, no run length, and he plays it away towards short midwicket, with the natural angle from around the wicket;
38.5;?;Shami to Marsh, no run length ball, outside off, and grips after pitching. He rolls his fingers over this, and delivers it at just 118kph, and Marsh has a tentative poke, but misses;
38.4;?;Shami to Marsh, no run full ball, at the pads, and he defends this towards short midwicket;
38.3;W;Shami to Khawaja, OUT bad ball, and it gets him a wicket! it is short, and Khawaja latches on to it, looking for the pull. Comes off the bottom part of the bat and carries to Bumrah at short midwicket. What a hand from Khawaja here, though!;Usman Khawaja c Bumrah b Mohammed Shami 104 (113b 11x4 1x6) SR: 92.03;
38.2;1;Shami to Maxwell, 1 run length ball, slower at 122.6kph, and Maxwell is early into an attempted booming drive. Gets an inside edge, on to his pads, and just past his stumps, as it trickles down the leg side;
38.1;1;Shami to Khawaja, 1 run full ball, and he drives it towards mid off...and Bumrah misfields. Recovers enough to pull it back ahead of the fence, but that just went through his legs!;
37.6;1;Shankar to Khawaja, 1 run tries to force a length ball from outside off, but can only get it down to long off;
37.5;1;Shankar to Maxwell, 1 run moves across to the leg side and creates room for a fuller ball at the stumps, and guides it towards third man;
37.4;1;Shankar to Khawaja, 1 run wide of off stump, and he cuts it away to backward point;
37.3;1lb;Shankar to Maxwell, 1 leg bye tries to pull one, but it is played on to his pads. In fact, he missed on contact, and that makes it a leg bye;
37.2;1;Shankar to Khawaja, 1 run uses his wrists to flick this away towards long leg;
37.1;?;Shankar to Khawaja, no run length ball, and he cannot beat the infield;
36.6;1;Jadeja to Khawaja, 1 run tucks a ball straight at him down to fine leg and brings up a gritty hundred! Takes his helmet off, and looks up to the skies, as the ground and his teammates rise as one to applaud what has been a really good innings;
36.5;?;Jadeja to Khawaja, no run rapped on the pads, but was sliding down leg;
36.4;1;Jadeja to Maxwell, 1 run drives this through covers;
36.3;4;Jadeja to Maxwell, FOUR runs eases into a lofted extra-cover drive. Four again;
36.2;4;Jadeja to Maxwell, FOUR runs drags a length ball from outside off and gets it down to midwicket. What a shot again!;
36.1;6;Jadeja to Maxwell, SIX runs eases a length ball over Bumrah at long on. What a shot that was!;
35.6;?;Shankar to Khawaja, no run length ball, and he taps it towards point. Wants a quick single, but has to decline Maxwell's call;
35.5;1;Shankar to Maxwell, 1 run length, and he allows it to come into him with the angle and plays it away towards short midwicket;
35.4;4;Shankar to Maxwell, FOUR runs length, just outside off, and he lays into a sublime extra cover drive! Delectable, as he didn't overhit it one bit!;
35.3;1;Shankar to Khawaja, 1 run length, outside off, and he runs it down towards third man;
35.2;?;Shankar to Khawaja, no run length, and he punches it, but cannot beat short extra cover;
35.1;2;Shankar to Khawaja, 2 runs short, and he pulls it away towards deep midwicket;
34.6;1;Jadeja to Khawaja, 1 run tossed up, and he presses forward to glide it down to long on;
34.5;?;Jadeja to Khawaja, no run length ball, and he presses forward and defends this towards short midwicket;
34.4;1;Jadeja to Maxwell, 1 run presses forward and punches a length ball down to long on;
34.3;1;Jadeja to Khawaja, 1 run length, but straying on to his pads, and he tucks it away towards the man at 45 on the onside;
34.2;1;Jadeja to Maxwell, 1 run flatter, down leg side, and he goes back to punch it towards midwicket;
34.1;?;Jadeja to Maxwell, no run length ball, and he presses forward to defend;
33.6;?;Kuldeep to Khawaja, no run length ball, wide outside off and turning further away. Cut, but straight to point. Drinks;
33.5;1;Kuldeep to Maxwell, 1 run length ball on leg, and spinning down the leg side. But Maxwell chooses to flick off his legs, and the ball goes to deep backward square;
33.4;?;Kuldeep to Maxwell, no run full on middle, and worked away to the leg side;
33.3;6;Kuldeep to Maxwell, SIX runs into the sightscreen! And what a way to get to 200. Full on middle, and Maxwell gets to the pitch of the ball and simply lifts this over Kuldeep. Holds the pose too;
33.2;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run full, and flighted on off stump. Pushed towards Jadeja at point and he calls for a quick run. Khawaja needs to hurry because of the fielding who is picking the ball up, but Jadeja can't get the direct hit. Close!;
33.1;?;Kuldeep to Khawaja, no run length ball outside off, and the legbreak has been cut to point. Sharp turn off the deck;
32.6;?;Bumrah to Maxwell, no run length ball, wide outside off and angling into off stump. Maxwell shuffles across his crease and fends towards point;
32.5;1;Bumrah to Khawaja, 1 run length ball, just outside off stump, and he jabs this shot into the ground and sends it through to third man for a single;
32.4;?;Bumrah to Khawaja, no run slower ball, only 119.7kph, and Khawaja drives this full ball too early. Checks the shot right at the end, and Kohli dives to his right at short cover to intercept;
32.3;?;Bumrah to Khawaja, no run length ball just outside off, and angling in. Fended off the back foot after shuffling into his crease;
32.2;1;Bumrah to Maxwell, 1 run full on off, and driven with the bat's open face to mid off. Calls early for the single;
32.1;?;Bumrah to Maxwell, no run full on off, and this has been driven straight back to Bumrah. Well stopped with his right hand;
31.6;1;Kuldeep to Maxwell, 1 run welcomed with the googly. Full on middle, and spinning across. Firmly driven to long off for one;
31.5;W;Kuldeep to Finch, OUT appeal for lbw, and given! Finch falls for 93? Well, we need to wait. He's reviewing. Length ball on leg, and the ball straightens after pitching. Finch is on the back foot as he misses the flick, and now all we wait for is ball tracking. Here's the replay: and Finch is out! Ball crashing into middle and leg stump, and the India supporters finally find their voice;Aaron Finch lbw b Kuldeep Yadav 93 (99b 10x4 3x6) SR: 93.93;
31.4;?;Kuldeep to Finch, no run full on leg, but Finch comes down the wicket and converts it into a full toss. Looks to whip this through the leg side, but inside edges the shot to short fine leg;
31.3;?;Kuldeep to Finch, no run full on leg, and the googly turns across Finch. Defended off the front foot;
31.2;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run full on off stump, and turning away from Khawaja. Pushed off the front foot to cover, and they call for a quick single. Shankar tries the direct-hit at the bowler's end, but he can't hit the stumps;
31.1;1;Kuldeep to Finch, 1 run full on leg stump, and he toe-ends an on-drive to long on;
30.6;?;Bumrah to Khawaja, no run full just outside off, and defended with the bat's open face to point. Ends with a dot;
30.5;1;Bumrah to Finch, 1 run full, a bit too wide outside off, and driven away from his body to deep cover for a single. Too good a shot for just one run;
30.4;?;Bumrah to Finch, no run full just outside off, and jagging inwards. Finch pushes forward to defend;
30.3;1;Bumrah to Khawaja, 1 run length ball, just outside off, and Khawaja presses forward, before opening the bat's face again. Shami at third man cleans up;
30.2;?;Bumrah to Khawaja, no run back of a length on off, and Khawaja shapes up to pull. But the ball doesn't bounce as much, and whizzes under his bat;
30.2;1w;Bumrah to Khawaja, 1 wide length ball on middle, but going down the leg side. Khawaja misses the flick, and Dhoni scampers to his right to collect;
30.1;2;Bumrah to Khawaja, 2 runs length ball, just outside off, and he opens the bat's face to run this down to third man;
29.6;?;Kuldeep to Finch, no run lbw appeal, not given! Full on off, and the wrong'un's going away from Finch. He tries to sweep, and gloves this once more. Ball would've missed the stumps anyway;
29.5;4;Kuldeep to Finch, FOUR runs uses his feet! Full on middle, and Finch moves into the nineties with a cracking shot. Meets the ball on the full, and muscles a shot to the wide long-on boundary;
29.4;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run flatter, landing on off and turning away from the batsman. He cuts off the back foot past point for a single;
29.3;1;Kuldeep to Finch, 1 run full on middle, and Finch clears his front leg before driving inside out. Struck to the fielder at long off;
29.2;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run flighted full on middle, and Khawaja clears his toes before driving down to long off;
29.1;?;Kuldeep to Khawaja, no run floaty ball, length on off. Spinning away from Khawaja, as he mistimes a cut to point;
28.6;1;Jadeja to Khawaja, 1 run full on middle, and Khawaja shuffles across towards off - exposing his middle and leg stump - before tucking a fine-shot off his toes. Well stopped by short fine leg this time;
28.5;1;Jadeja to Finch, 1 run full just outside off, and Finch takes a big stride forward to caress a drive down to long off;
28.4;?;Jadeja to Finch, no run length ball, just outside off, and he shapes up to cut. Struck well, but stopped at point;
28.3;1;Jadeja to Khawaja, 1 run length ball, just outside off, and worked off his pads to deep midwicket;
28.2;?;Jadeja to Khawaja, no run length ball, extra bounce with the ball turning in. Khawaja plants his front leg outside off, and mistimes a leg-side pull to short leg;
28.1;?;Jadeja to Khawaja, no run full, and wider outside off. Khawaja stretches forward to smother this delivery;
27.6;4;Kuldeep to Finch, FOUR runs tossed up, and he looks to sweep with the turn. Gets it down to fine leg;
27.5;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run tossed up, and he goes back and cuts a ball turning away from him towards backward point;
27.4;6;Kuldeep to Khawaja, SIX runs tossed up, and he pulls out a precise slog sweep! Was in his arc, and he had a right ol' go at this one;
27.3;1;Kuldeep to Finch, 1 run turns back into him from middle, and he goes back and misses out on a flick. It hits his pads and runs away towards short fine leg;
27.2;?;Kuldeep to Finch, no run presses forward to defend a length ball;
27.1;?;Kuldeep to Finch, no run tossed up, turns across him, and he presses forward to defend;
26.6;?;Jadeja to Khawaja, no run length ball, just outside off, and he blocks off the back foot towards cover;
26.5;1;Jadeja to Finch, 1 run full and wide outside off, and he drives away from his body to deep extra cover for a walking single;
26.4;1;Jadeja to Khawaja, 1 run length ball on off, and turning into his pads. Flicked off his pads to deep square leg;
26.3;1;Jadeja to Finch, 1 run tosses this full outside off, and drives past the cover-fielder to wide long off;
26.2;?;Jadeja to Finch, no run full on off, and worked away off the front foot;
26.1;?;Jadeja to Finch, no run length ball on middle, and gripping on the deck. Straightens, and Finch's leg-side nudge takes a leading edge;
25.6;1;Kuldeep to Finch, 1 run length ball on off, and turning into Finch's pads as he tried to shuffle across. Inside-edges a defensive shot to fine leg. A dominant over from an India bowler after quite a while;
25.5;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run full on leg stump, and he comfortably check-drives against the spin to long on;
25.4;2;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 2 runs length ball, just outside off, and he cuts along the ground to deep point;
25.3;1;Kuldeep to Finch, 1 run full on middle, and he drives through the leg side to deep midwicket;
25.2;?;Kuldeep to Finch, no run full on leg stump, and the googly spins across Finch's pads and he gloves this sweep-shot into his legs. Umpire Shamsuddin spot on there;
25.1;?;Kuldeep to Finch, no run length ball on off, and skidding into his pads. Flicked off his pads to the leg side;
24.6;4;Shankar to Khawaja, FOUR runs slapped! Length ball, going away and Khawaja has no trouble in using the width. Cuts this behind square, and fine leg is a spectator near the ropes;
24.5;2;Shankar to Khawaja, 2 runs full just outside off, and this time Khawaja shows some class. Drives through the covers, past the infield, but Rayudu displays some good acrobatics at wide long-off. Stops the four by putting his arm out;
24.4;4;Shankar to Khawaja, FOUR runs back of a length on leg, and he whips this off his hips past the vacant square-leg region! Exquisite picking of the gap!;
24.3;?;Shankar to Khawaja, no run full on leg, and he nudges this off his pads to he leg side;
24.2;1;Shankar to Finch, 1 run full on off stump, and he crunches a straight drive to long on;
24.1;?;Shankar to Finch, no run full on off, and he drives with the bat's open face to cover;
23.6;4;Kuldeep to Khawaja, FOUR runs pulled over midwicket! Back of a length on off, and turning away from Khawaja. But he takes his chances, and muscles a shot right over the only fielder inside the circle on the leg side;
23.5;?;Kuldeep to Khawaja, no run full just outside off, and turning away from Khawaja. Steered to first slip, where Kohli dives to his left. Stops the single;
23.4;1;Kuldeep to Finch, 1 run full on off, and he skips down the wicket to drill a straight drive down to long-on. Looks like he was loading up for the big shot, but eventually pulled out;
23.3;?;Kuldeep to Finch, no run full outside off, and the wrong'un goes further away from Finch. But the batsman gets his pads right near the pitch of the ball, and defends towards the off side;
23.2;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run length ball on off, and turning away from Khawaja. He pulls, and drags this shot to deep midwicket;
23.1;?;Kuldeep to Khawaja, no run full on off, and the wrong'un is driven to midon;
22.6;4;Shami to Finch, FOUR runs back of a length, just outside off, and he rides the bounce to firmly punch. Vijay Shankar - at cover - looks in line to stop the ball, but he misfields ... and this is another four to wide long off that won't please captain Kohli;
22.5;?;Shami to Finch, no run full on off, and he tries to drive with the straight bat. Bat's face turns in his hand, and mistimed to mid-on;
22.4;2;Shami to Finch, 2 runs full just outside off, and he picks the slower ball well. Whipped away to the gap near cow corner, and two outfielders must converge there to stop the boundary;
22.3;?;Shami to Finch, no run length ball on off, and angling in sharply. Defended off the back foot to cover on this occasion;
22.2;?;Shami to Finch, no run back of a length, just outside off, and Finch shapes up to cut. Under-edges the shot into the deck;
22.1;?;Shami to Finch, no run appeal for lbw but this is going down the leg side. Full on middle, and he misses the flick towards the leg side. Umpire not interested;
21.6;?;Shankar to Khawaja, no run full just outside off, and Khawaja presses forward to drive. Ball doesn't angle away as much as he expected, shot's been inside-edged onto his pads;
21.5;1;Shankar to Finch, 1 run nearly chopped on! Length ball, just outside off, and he tries to punch from near his body. Ball jags inwards, and takes the inside edge down to fine leg;
21.4;1;Shankar to Khawaja, 1 run length ball on middle, and angling away from the left-hander. Steers a late cut down to third man;
21.3;1;Shankar to Finch, 1 run full and wide outside off, and he caresses a drive past Rayudu at cover. Mid-off intercepts;
21.2;3;Shankar to Khawaja, 3 runs full on middle, and sweetly nudged off his pads to deep midwicket. Chase for Dhawan, who pulls the ball back late;
21.1;?;Shankar to Khawaja, no run full just outside off, and he presses forward to drive. Mistimed to mid-off, stopped by the fielder;
20.6;?;Shami to Finch, no run back of a length on off, and he tiptoes to ride the bounce. Punched towards point;
20.5;?;Shami to Finch, no run length ball, on off, and he shuffles onto his back foot to block towards cover;
20.4;1;Shami to Khawaja, 1 run length ball going across Khawaja, and he tries to guide it towards point;
20.3;1;Shami to Finch, 1 run big appeal for lbw, but not given! Length ball lands outside off, but angling in. Finch tries to nudge it square off his pads, but he's inside-edged it into his pads and towards point;
20.2;?;Shami to Finch, no run length ball, just outside off, and only 122.3kph. Stays on the back foot to block;
20.1;1;Shami to Khawaja, 1 run back of a length on leg, and he swivels to pull along the ground to deep midwicket;
19.6;?;Shankar to Finch, no run;
19.5;1;Shankar to Khawaja, 1 run;
19.4;1;Shankar to Finch, 1 run full and wide outside off, and he throws his hands at this. Crunches a square drive to deep point;
19.3;1;Shankar to Khawaja, 1 run full on leg stump, and he works this away - off his heels - to deep backward square;
19.2;?;Shankar to Khawaja, no run length ball on middle, and pushed off the back foot with the angled bat. Ball rolls away to cover;
19.1;?;Shankar to Khawaja, no run length ball on middle, and angling slightly away. Cut off the back foot to point;
18.6;1;Shami to Khawaja, 1 run slower ball, too full on middle, and comfortably worked to deep midwicket. Fifty for Khawaja too;
18.5;1;Shami to Finch, 1 run length ball, just outside off, and he flat-bats a shot near his body. Ball hits the deck, and bounces towards Shami's head, and he fingertips the ball over the umpire's head;
18.4;1;Shami to Khawaja, 1 run back of a length on leg, and clipped off his waist after swiveling to deep backward square;
18.3;?;Shami to Khawaja, no run rolls his fingers over the delivery again. Full on middle, and Khawaja mistimes a drive to mid-on;
18.2;1;Shami to Finch, 1 run slower ball, full outside off, and he's through the drive too early. But luckily for Finch, it's placed wide of cover;
18.1;1lb;Shami to Khawaja, 1 leg bye full just outside leg stump, and he mistimes a flick to the leg side. Ball hits his back leg and rolls down to short fine leg;
17.6;4;Kuldeep to Finch, FOUR runs sweeps a length ball, and it goes straight towards Rohit Sharma at long leg. Poor bit of fielding, as he lets it spin past him and overruns it!;
17.5;?;Kuldeep to Finch, no run full, and he drives it towards cover;
17.4;?;Kuldeep to Finch, no run full, and he drives it towards short cover;
17.3;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run goes back and forces a length ball through extra cover;
17.2;?;Kuldeep to Khawaja, no run tossed up outside off, and he leaves;
17.1;?;Kuldeep to Khawaja, no run goes back to cut, but cannot get it off the square;
16.6;1;Jadhav to Khawaja, 1 run fires this wide down leg side, and would have been wide if the batsman had missed. Pitched way outside leg, and he was looking to sweep this;
16.5;1;Jadhav to Finch, 1 run length, and he goes back this time and flicks a ball pitched on leg away towards square leg;
16.4;6;Jadhav to Finch, SIX runs tossed up, and he goes for the drag down the wicket again. It just about clears Kuldeep Yadav at a wide long on position!;
16.3;4;Jadhav to Finch, FOUR runs low trajectory ball, but gives him room outside off, and Finch goes back and across to cut this away fiercely. Good attempt by the fielder to pull it back, but that's FIFTY for Finch!;
16.2;6;Jadhav to Finch, SIX runs tossed up, and Finch fetches this from outside off and drags it down towards midwicket. Timed it sweetly, and perhaps into the moat again!;
16.1;1;Jadhav to Khawaja, 1 run rifles one in towards off stump, and he presses forward to drive this towards long off;
15.6;1;Shankar to Khawaja, 1 run short, and he runs it down towards third man;
15.5;?;Shankar to Khawaja, no run length, and he punches it towards short cover;
15.4;1;Shankar to Finch, 1 run length, and he punches it towards extra cover;
15.3;1;Shankar to Khawaja, 1 run length, outside off, and he slices it down towards third man;
15.2;1;Shankar to Finch, 1 run length, outside off, and he drops it with soft hands towards point;
15.1;?;Shankar to Finch, no run length, and he walks across and tries to flick this off his pads, but cannot beat short fine leg;
14.6;1;Jadhav to Finch, 1 run jumps down the wicket and punches a ball from outside off towards long off;
14.5;?;Jadhav to Finch, no run straight ball, and he stretches to defend one that goes on straight with the arm;
14.4;1;Jadhav to Khawaja, 1 run fuller ball, angles into him, and he punches it down towards deep midwicket;
14.3;?;Jadhav to Khawaja, no run goes back and cuts a short ball, but cannot beat point;
14.2;1;Jadhav to Finch, 1 run fuller ball, outside off, and he forces it down to long on;
14.2;3w;Jadhav to Finch, 3 wide down leg again, full again, and he misses a sweep again. Called a wide, and Jadhav has a quizzical look on his face. Understandably so, as it seems to have run off his gloves towards fine leg;
14.2;1w;Jadhav to Finch, 1 wide full ball, down leg, and he looks for a sweep, but misses out on contact;
14.1;6;Jadhav to Finch, SIX runs tosses his first ball up, and Finch hammers this across the line, depositing it deep into the stands beyond midwicket;
13.6;?;Shankar to Khawaja, no run length ball, and he drives it back towards short midwicket;
13.5;1;Shankar to Finch, 1 run length ball, and he plays it with soft hands. Goes close to the stumps, but slow enough for them to switch ends for a quick single;
13.4;?;Shankar to Finch, no run full ball, and he drives it hard. Shankar half-stops it, but doesn't go on to the stumps, which could have had Khawaja in trouble at the non-striker's end;
13.3;?;Shankar to Finch, no run length ball, straight at Finch, who presses forward and defends this;
13.2;1;Shankar to Khawaja, 1 run length ball, and he goes back and punches it away with a wristly flourish beyond short midwicket;
13.1;1;Shankar to Finch, 1 run length ball, driven down to long on;
12.6;1;Jadeja to Finch, 1 run tossed up, and he drives this beyond covers;
12.5;1;Jadeja to Khawaja, 1 run length ball, that he works off his legs towards square leg;
12.4;1;Jadeja to Finch, 1 run drives a length ball towards long on;
12.3;1;Jadeja to Khawaja, 1 run fuller, and he drives this with the turn towards long on;
12.2;1;Jadeja to Finch, 1 run tosses this up, and he drives it straight down to long on;
12.1;1;Jadeja to Khawaja, 1 run goes back and punches a length ball turning into him towards point;
11.6;?;Shankar to Finch, no run full ball, and he drives it hard into the wicket, and Shankar fields off his own bowling;
11.5;1;Shankar to Khawaja, 1 run length, and he goes forward to drive this down to long off. A better shot, and a result of retaining his shape better this time;
11.4;?;Shankar to Khawaja, no run wide of off stump, and he looks to cut this one, and plays over the length of this one. Kept a bit low, and he could also have under-edged this one. Khawaja looking a little restless here...;
11.3;?;Shankar to Khawaja, no run length, and he walks into this one and looks to force it down the ground. Beats the outside edge again!;
11.2;?;Shankar to Khawaja, no run length, outside off, and he drives and misses out on contact this time;
11.1;4;Shankar to Khawaja, FOUR runs he is greeted with a sublime cover drive. Pitched up, and he just eases into this. Top shot!;
10.6;1;Jadeja to Khawaja, 1 run length, and he presses forward to drive this with the turn towards long on;
10.5;1;Jadeja to Finch, 1 run tossed up, and he drives this towards long off;
10.4;4;Jadeja to Finch, FOUR runs short, and he plays an uppish cut, but way beyond backward point. Excellent placement!;
10.3;1;Jadeja to Khawaja, 1 run presses forward to a length ball, and somehow gets the ball down towards fine leg. Just off the edge of the bat, as he lapped it fine, though Jadeja went up in an appeal;
10.2;?;Jadeja to Khawaja, no run length ball, outside off, and he defends;
10.1;2;Jadeja to Khawaja, 2 runs length ball, and he fetches it from outside off and gets it down towards long leg. Good running gets them two runs;

Ramakrishna Myn: "11 boundaries in a score of 54" --- Now 12!
 Innings Start

9.32pm That's all from us at ESPNcricinfo. Hope you enjoyed our coverage of the cricket from Ranchi. Don't forget to read Sidharth Monga's match report on our homepages, and all the follow-up stories from Ranchi. Till then, on behalf of everyone at ESPNcricinfo, this is Sreshth Shah signing off.
9.23pm OK, Presentation time.
Virat Kohli, the losing captain: "We were looking forward to the chase, especially after we pulled things back. At one stage, we thought we would be chasing 350, but we pulled it back after Maxi's run out. We were optimistic, we were told there'll be dew at 7:30pm, but there's (laughs) been none of that! So I got that wrong, I guess. The wicket wasn't improving, so you had to make the most of whatever loose ball you got. Tried to do that for a decent time, but you have to take the odd risk, and with every wicket lost it gets more and more difficult. With three-down we had more chances, but at five-down, it was difficult. I got out, Vijay got out, and then there was no looking back. No team wants to loose early wickets, and we take pride in our cricket. We have strung partnerships after losing two wickets, but losing three in a bunch didn't happen. The guys who have got out, will try to make the most of the next opportunity. In terms of hitting the balls well, it was one of my finest innings, and even when we were three-down, I thought I had to play my game, the style that has gotten me to this level. But, I was disappointed getting out when the difference between balls and runs were only 20. We will have a few changes in the next couple of games, but the idea is to tell the boys to put in match-winning performances, and the boys will be looking to be in top form before the flight to England."
Usman Khawaja, the Man of the Match: "There's nothing like winning, especially against a really good Indian side. But with Virat batting well, you can never count your chickens, but it was nice to get the win. The bowlers bowled beautifully, and we were going to probably bowl first too, but Finch batted beautifully at the start. And then Stoin and Carey finished the innings well. Once we had the total and we bowled well early, it was all about continuing. It was good to get my first ODI hundred, was out on 98 once before, so nice to get those two extra runs."
Aaron Finch, the winning captain: "It was a pretty good performance from our guys. To get over 300 on this wicket was a good performance. And to take three big wickets early was important. We know how hard it is for new batsmen to try and score quickly, so it was important for Usman and I to keep going. Allowed Maxi and Stoinis to bat freely at the back end. Personally, I've been training really hard, and I had faith that I'd get some runs. And it was nice to start us off with a nice opening partnership. Usman played a fantastic knock, Zamps bowled well, and Jhye Richardson was great. He put the pressure in the first 10 overs. Patty Cummins was at his best again."
Frankie: "Sad that India lost despite Kohli's century. 20 years from now, people will talk that India loose when Kohli scores a century.. (you know what I mean..)"
Debu: "@frankie, you are little mistaken. You need to refresh your stats. You are comparing a master at chase with a legend whose most masterclass went in vain due to lack of support. Kohli, 20 years from now, will still be called the master chaser."
9.20pm We'll have the presentation soon. Will be interesting to hear Kohli's comments. And, of course, Finch's.
9.15pm Adam Zampa: "I think collectively we bowled well. Our quicks upfront were amazing. Virat is unbelievable, but it was nice to get him out. I feel like I'm bowling really well with Nathan Lyon. Definitely do not want to call Kohli my bunny, he's one of the hardest folks to bowl to. When he hit me for two consecutive fours, I was a bit of pressure, and if he had hit me for a couple more then the momentum would've swung towards India, so I tried to keep my cool. The message from the coach is to 'look for wickets', so on grounds like these you will go for runs. So having an attacking mindset helps. I've been inconsistent, so looking to get better."
Dhaval : "We haven't lost this match due to poor batting but due to poor fielding. We could have easily saved 30-40 runs today."
Nikunj: "Team CSK scored 78 runs in 120 balls. Coincidence dhoni -26, Jadhav - 26, rayadu + Jadeja -26. "
9.10pm If you're a neutral, then this is just the result you would've wanted. Australia have now won 3 of the 5 games played in India on this tour. Finch a happy man as he leads his team out. India just lost their steam after Kohli's dismissal, and he wears a disappointed look in the dugout. Stick around for all the reactions from the two captains, and the star of the game.
For India, Dhawan and Rohit's form would worry them, with only two games left for the World Cup. And don't forget their below-par performance in the field. At the end, one can say that those misfields and dropped catches cost India the game today. Not a fairytale visit for Dhoni at Ranchi.
KC: "Few weeks left for the World Cup and our middle order is failing miserably, openers woefully out of form, stubborn mgt still hell bent on experimentation, over dependence on kohli, Chahal still kept out, our best all rounder still injured . I don't know what wave of confidence we are riding on. Still living in the hangover of Aus & NZ tours. And remember IPL will also take its toll on players. And here we are making merry at Dhoni's farmhouse as if there is no tomorrow. Keep going boys"
Amarjit : "All show and no substance from India... did not show a semblance of fight ... except Kohli.... not a fitting end after wearing the Legendary army cap... disgraceful....Jadeja and Dhoni got to go..... it isn't working and won't work... I will stick my neck out on that...."

48.2;W;Cummins to Kuldeep, OUT there's the win! Australia stay alive in this series to make it 2-1. Full on off, and Kuldeep goes for a leg-side heave. Slices it into the air, and cover makes no mistake. Australia win by 32 runs;Kuldeep Yadav c Finch b Cummins 10 (16b 1x4 0x6) SR: 62.5;
48.1;?;Cummins to Kuldeep, no run back of a length, wide outside off, and he tries to cut. Ball goes through to the keeper;
47.6;?;Jhye Richardson to Bumrah, no run full on off, and he digs this away to third man. Says no to the single though;
47.5;W;Jhye Richardson to Shami, OUT back of a length, wide outside off, and Shami wants to cut. Toe-ends the shot, and that's lobbed in the air. Taken at cover. India nine down;Mohammed Shami c Cummins b Richardson 8 (4b 2x4 0x6) SR: 200;
47.4;4;Jhye Richardson to Shami, FOUR runs length ball, wide outside off, and Shami flat-bats a shot from outside the stumps, and over to cow corner! Finds the gap between long-on and deep midwicket;
47.3;?;Jhye Richardson to Shami, no run full toss on off, and he mistimes a shot to cover. Looks to go for the big shot, but just not enough muscle behind it;
47.2;4;Jhye Richardson to Shami, FOUR runs top-edged over the keeper! Short on off, and he gloves a pull over Carey. 37 off 16 now;
47.1;W;Jhye Richardson to Jadeja, OUT full on middle, and Jadeja goes for the big shot. Tries to clear mid-on, but he's toe-ended the shot straight to that man. Game over?;Ravindra Jadeja c Maxwell b Richardson 24 (31b 0x4 1x6) SR: 77.41;
46.6;1;Maxwell to Jadeja, 1 run full on off, and tapped to point. Jadeja, finally, keeps strike;
46.5;2;Maxwell to Jadeja, 2 runs length ball angling in, and flicked off his pads to deep midwicket. Jadeja wants the second, and he's super quick. In quite easily;
46.4;?;Maxwell to Jadeja, no run length ball, wide outside off, and cut to point;
46.3;6;Maxwell to Jadeja, SIX runs full on middle, and he goes for the biggie. Clears his front leg, and slogs it over deep midwicket!;
46.2;?;Maxwell to Jadeja, no run length ball skidding into middle stump. Defended off the back foot, to Maxwell;
46.1;1;Maxwell to Kuldeep, 1 run full on leg, and clipped to square leg. Gives Jadeja the strike;
45.6;1;Jhye Richardson to Kuldeep, 1 run full on off, and driven with the bat's open face to deep point;
45.5;1;Jhye Richardson to Jadeja, 1 run back of a length, outside leg stump, and Jadeja check-pulls to deep backward square;
45.4;?;Jhye Richardson to Jadeja, no run slower ball, short outside off, and Jadeja looks to flat-bat a cut through cover. Stopped by Finch though;
45.3;1;Jhye Richardson to Kuldeep, 1 run length ball, wide outside off, and he flat-bats a cut to deep point;
45.2;?;Jhye Richardson to Kuldeep, no run length ball outside off, and Kuldeep tries to cut, but the ball goes under his bat to the keeper;
45.1;?;Jhye Richardson to Kuldeep, no run full, but slow. Lands on off, and defended towards the off side;
44.6;1;Lyon to Kuldeep, 1 run full on middle, and slog-sweeped to deep backward square. Seven off the over;
44.5;?;Lyon to Kuldeep, no run full on off, and the leg-side tap takes an outside edge. Ball dribbles away to short third man;
44.4;1;Lyon to Jadeja, 1 run full on middle, and nudged to the vacant mid-on region for a single;
44.3;?;Lyon to Jadeja, no run nearly through! Full on middle, and skidding through, and Jadeja nearly fails to connect with the defense;
44.2;1;Lyon to Kuldeep, 1 run full on middle, and he pushes this to wide long on for a walking single;
44.1;4;Lyon to Kuldeep, FOUR runs full just outside off, and he opens the bat's face to drive. Takes the slice of the bat, and rolls away to the third-man boundary;
43.6;1;Jhye Richardson to Kuldeep, 1 run back of a length again, and pulled along the ground to midwicket. Only two off the over;
43.5;?;Jhye Richardson to Kuldeep, no run back of a length on middle, and Kuldeep can't connect with the attempted pull. Through to Carey;
43.4;?;Jhye Richardson to Kuldeep, no run full on middle, and he prods forward to tap this back to the bowler;
43.3;?;Jhye Richardson to Kuldeep, no run slower ball, full on middle, and tapped to short point. Dot ball. RRR at 9.54 now;
43.2;?;Jhye Richardson to Kuldeep, no run length ball, just outside off, and the back-foot defense is nearly inside-edged onto his stumps;
43.1;1;Jhye Richardson to Jadeja, 1 run length ball, just outside off, and guided off the back foot to third man;
42.6;W;Lyon to Shankar, OUT taken at cow corner! Shankar goes. Full on off, and he tries to slog across the line again. Toe-ends the shot, and Richardson takes a smart low catch;Vijay Shankar c Richardson b Lyon 32 (30b 4x4 0x6) SR: 106.66;
42.5;?;Lyon to Shankar, no run full just outside off, and he takes a big stride forward to defend;
42.4;4;Lyon to Shankar, FOUR runs full on off, and he slogs through the leg side! Richardson at cow corner tries to stop the ball, but he can't pull it back. Nearly crashes into the electronic wall beyond the boundary;
42.3;1;Lyon to Jadeja, 1 run length ball just outside off, and once again nudged to midwicket. Lyon chases after it, but only a single this time;
42.2;2;Lyon to Jadeja, 2 runs length ball on middle, and skidding in. Jadeja taps this to the vacant midwicket region, and calls early for the second run. Lyon needs to run and retrieve the ball;
42.1;1;Lyon to Shankar, 1 run full on leg, and tapped off his pads to deep backward square. They want two, but Cummins races in to ensure it's just a single;
42.1;1w;Lyon to Shankar, 1 wide length ball outside leg, but the offbreak goes further down leg. The ball is spinning!;
41.6;1;Zampa to Shankar, 1 run length ball, just outside off, and punched off the back foot to cow corner;
41.6;1w;Zampa to Shankar, 1 wide full outside leg, and Carey can't hold on either. Umpire spreads his arms wide;
41.5;4;Zampa to Shankar, FOUR runs full and wide outside off, and he opens the bat's face and lifts a drive right over cover. Nearly goes all the way!;
41.4;1;Zampa to Jadeja, 1 run hammered down to long on, but only a single. Flat-batted this time;
41.3;1;Zampa to Shankar, 1 run length ball on off, and the skidder is nudged off the back foot to midwicket;
41.2;2;Zampa to Shankar, 2 runs full on off, and he drills this straight to long on. Nearly takes the non-striker with him;
41.1;1;Zampa to Jadeja, 1 run overpitched on off, and he digs this out with the straight bat. Struck past Zampa's left, but he gets a hand to it. Slows the ball's pace down;
40.6;1;Cummins to Jadeja, 1 run length ball on off, and Jadeja looks to bunt this towards the off side. But it's taken an inside-edge to the leg side instead;
40.5;1;Cummins to Shankar, 1 run another offcutter. Length ball, just outside off, and cut to point for a quick single. Required rate now 9.6;
40.4;?;Cummins to Shankar, no run length ball just outside off, and the offcutter jars into the batsman. Shankar misses the flick to the leg side, and the ball hits him above the knee roll;
40.3;1;Cummins to Jadeja, 1 run back of a length on middle, and he pulls along the ground to deep midwicket. Just a single;
40.2;?;Cummins to Jadeja, no run length ball angling across, and guided with soft hands to point;
40.1;1;Cummins to Shankar, 1 run length ball, just outside off, and guided to third man;
39.6;?;Zampa to Jadeja, no run appeal for lbw, but not given! Zampa can't believe it, but Australia don't have reviews. This was full on leg, and Jadeja missed the sweep. Looked close, to be honest, but Jadeja survives;
39.5;2;Zampa to Jadeja, 2 runs length ball, on off, and cut square off the back foot to deep point. Played gently enough for the men to come back for the second run;
39.4;?;Zampa to Jadeja, no run length ball on off, and turning into Jadeja. He's surprised by the spin, and uncomfortably taps this to the leg side;
39.3;?;Zampa to Jadeja, no run overpitched, full toss on middle, and punched to mid-on;
39.2;1;Zampa to Shankar, 1 run full on off, and he defends with soft hands to cover point for a quick single;
39.1;1lb;Zampa to Jadeja, 1 leg bye full outside leg, and the googly goes across Jadeja. Tries to sweep, but misses, and the ball hits his pads. Rolls away to short third man as the batsmen scamper across for a single;
38.6;1;Cummins to Jadeja, 1 run full on off, and he looks to drive. Takes an outside edge to third man. Ball flies away to the man, Cummins bowling with some real pace now;
38.5;?;Cummins to Jadeja, no run length ball angling away, and Jadeja looks to cut. Misses the shot;
38.4;?;Cummins to Jadeja, no run full on off stump, and driven to mid-off. Toe-ends the shot;
38.3;?;Cummins to Jadeja, no run length ball on middle, and the ball cramps into him. Nudged off his hips to mid-on;
38.2;?;Cummins to Jadeja, no run;
38.1;1;Cummins to Shankar, 1 run length ball, just wide outside off, and guided to deep points for one;
37.6;?;Zampa to Jadeja, no run back of a length on leg stump and flicked off his pads to square leg;
37.5;?;Zampa to Jadeja, no run full on off, and tapped back to Zampa;
37.4;2;Zampa to Jadeja, 2 runs flighted, full toss on leg stump, and clipped to deep midwicket;
37.3;W;Zampa to Kohli, OUT Zampa has the last laugh! It's the googly that gets Kohli. Full on middle, and spinning into Kohli. He tries to whip this off his toes to midwicket, but the ball goes under his bat, and clips leg stump. Kohli (as expected) is not happy at all;Virat Kohli b Zampa 123 (95b 16x4 1x6) SR: 129.47;
37.2;4;Zampa to Kohli, FOUR runs pulled over midwicket! That's eight runs already. Half-tracker on middle, and Kohli rocks back before muscling this past the fielder at cow corner;
37.1;4;Zampa to Kohli, FOUR runs overpitched, wide outside off, and Kohli clatters a cover drive through the off side! Deep extra cover has no chance;
36.6;1;Cummins to Kohli, 1 run length ball, just outside off, and Kohli opens the bat's face to run this down to third man. Wanted to play it finer, according to his reaction;
36.5;1;Cummins to Shankar, 1 run slower ball, wide outside off and Shankar tries to tap towards cover. Inside-edged to fine leg;
36.4;?;Cummins to Shankar, no run length ball on off, and angling into the stumps. Fended off the back foot, back to Cummins;
36.3;1;Cummins to Kohli, 1 run back of a length on off, and he rides the bounce to pull along the ground. Protection in the deep though;
36.2;2;Cummins to Kohli, 2 runs slower ball, full on off, and the ball stays very low! Kohli's surprised by that, but still manages to whip it across to deep backward square for a double. My my;
36.1;1;Cummins to Shankar, 1 run back of a length, just outside off, but the ball stays slightly low. Guided off the back foot to third man;
35.6;1lb;Zampa to Shankar, 1 leg bye length ball on middle, and skidding down the leg side. He tries to whip it behind square, but it takes his pads and runs down to fine leg;
35.5;4;Zampa to Shankar, FOUR runs edged! And edged fine! Length ball, just outside off, and he goes for a cut. Takes a thick outside edge, and flies past Carey's right for a boundary;
35.4;?;Zampa to Shankar, no run full outside off, and wild turn away from Shankar. Goes down on one knee to clear the boundary on the leg side, but he can't get the connection. Carey whips the bails off, and the umpire wants to check for a stumping. Nah, Shankar's back-foot is inside the popping crease. No problem;
35.3;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run back of a length on middle, and the ball turns across him. Worked off the back foot to square leg;
35.2;6;Zampa to Kohli, SIX runs over long on! This was a mis-hit, but still it clears the boundary. Kohli kisses the bat after that shot. Full just outside off, and he goes down on one knee to slog over Marsh's head;
35.1;2;Zampa to Kohli, 2 runs full on off, and he muscles a straight drive down to long on. First, Shaun Marsh at long on dives to save the boundary, but the ball is rolling towards the rope, and therefore Pat Cummins, from long off, comes to retrieve the ball. Cummins parries the ball back from just inside the boundary, so Australia save two runs. Commitment at it's best!;
34.6;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run length ball on leg, and flicked off his hips to square leg for a quick single. He'll keep strike;
34.5;2;Maxwell to Kohli, 2 runs full just outside off, and he whips a leg-side whip to deep midwicket. Takes the second run, and that's Virat's 41st ODI hundred! QED;
34.4;1;Maxwell to Shankar, 1 run length ball on leg, and skidding into his pads. Flicked away to the gap near midwicket;
34.3;?;Maxwell to Shankar, no run full outside leg, and he goes down on one knee to sweep. Misses the shot, and they appeal for lbw. Not given. Maxwell, however, has convinced Finch to review. Surely this is outside leg stump? Yes, it is. Review wasted. We don't even need to go for ball-tracking;
34.2;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run full just outside off, and driven away from his body to cover;
34.1;?;Maxwell to Kohli, no run full on off, and skidding away from Kohli. He prods forward to defend, but the ball goes past his outside edge and through to Carey. Replays suggest that was dropped;
33.6;?;Zampa to Shankar, no run fuller ball, angles into him, and Shankar has to go back to defend this;
33.5;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run length, and he flicks it away towards deep midwicket;
33.4;?;Zampa to Kohli, no run length, turns away, and also bounces a bit. Takes Kohli by surprise as he goes back in wanting to flick it. Has to settle for a defensive shot in the end;
33.3;1;Zampa to Shankar, 1 run fuller, on middle, and he drives it with the turn towards long off;
33.2;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run shorter in length, and he goes back and flicks this towards backward square leg. Wants to push for two, but has to settle for one;
33.1;1;Zampa to Shankar, 1 run fuller ball, and Shankar unfurls an on drive, towards long on;
32.6;1;Maxwell to Shankar, 1 run length, and he flicks this away towards square leg;
32.5;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run fires this fuller, 95kph, and Kohli goes back to flick this towards square leg;
32.4;?;Maxwell to Kohli, no run length ball, spins back in, and he can only defend it back down the wicket;
32.3;1b;Maxwell to Shankar, 1 bye length, outside off, and he comes forward to drive this. It spins in, and beats him, the keeper as well as it runs towards fine leg. What a ball! Perhaps a stumping opportunity missed too!;
32.2;4;Maxwell to Shankar, FOUR runs length, outside off, and he leans back and cuts this past point. It speeds away on this razor-sharp outfield!;
32.1;?;Maxwell to Shankar, no run tossed up, and he drives this towards short midwicket;
31.6;1;Zampa to Shankar, 1 run tossed up, outside off, and he opens his scoring by driving this down to long off;
31.5;?;Zampa to Shankar, no run length ball, and he looks to drive it. Hits it hard back into the ground;
31.4;W;Zampa to Jadhav, OUT length ball, and he looks to sweep, but gets caught in the crease. Jadhav asks Kohli if he should review, but his captain wants him to walk back. Good bowling from Zampa thus far today, and he is duly rewarded for it. More importantly, good on Australia to break what was a big partnership for India. 88 put together at about 7 an over;Kedar Jadhav lbw b Zampa 26 (39b 3x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
31.3;?;Zampa to Jadhav, no run tossed up, shapes in to Jadhav, and he is forced to play this straight back towards Zampa;
31.2;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run shorter, and he goes back and punches this towards long on;
31.1;4;Zampa to Kohli, FOUR runs length ball, outside off, and he drives this uppishly, but just beyond the reach of point. It runs away towards backward point for four!;
30.6;1;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, 1 run length, outside off, and he just taps it with the bat towards point. Jadhav calls him through, and they pick up nine risk-free runs for the over. Just like that!;
30.5;?;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, no run fuller, outside off, and he looks to drive this towards point, but can't beat the man there;
30.4;?;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, no run advances down the wicket this time too, but the ball forces him to defend from a good length this time;
30.3;4;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, FOUR runs outside off, and he launches into this one! Picked the length early, and stretched into a extra cover drive. Jadhav applauds from the other end;
30.2;4;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, FOUR runs length ball, but down the leg side, and he just gets enough bat to run it down to fine leg. Controlled!;
30.1;?;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, no run short of a length, and Kohli tries to come down the wicket, but can get no timing as the ball thuds into his bat as he looks to drive straight;
29.6;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run tossed up, outside off, and he forces this away towards extra cover;
29.5;1;Lyon to Jadhav, 1 run length, and he taps it towards short midwicket. Glenn Maxwell gets to it and fires in a quick throw, but Kohli is just quicker...;
29.4;?;Lyon to Jadhav, no run length ball, turns into him, and he defends after pressing forward;
29.3;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run fuller, on off, and he drives it with the turn towards long on;
29.2;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run tossed up, outside off, and he loses shape in trying to biff this through midwicket. Maxwell stops it at short midwicket;
29.1;4;Lyon to Kohli, FOUR runs length ball, and he gets a bit of bat as the ball turns sharply from middle towards leg, and he is able to run it down towards fine leg. Appears to come off the thigh pad, in fact;
28.6;?;Maxwell to Jadhav, no run length ball, and he defends towards short midwicket;
28.5;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run tossed up, and he forces this past short midwicket;
28.4;?;Maxwell to Kohli, no run length ball, and he flicks it but cannot beat short midwicket;
28.3;1;Maxwell to Jadhav, 1 run length ball, and he turns this around his hips towards square leg;
28.2;?;Maxwell to Jadhav, no run fired wider, and he misses an attempted cut;
28.1;?;Maxwell to Jadhav, no run full ball, but starts on leg, and Jadhav lets this go. Hits him on the pads, but pitching outside leg;
27.6;1;Lyon to Jadhav, 1 run runs a length ball outside off towards point;
27.5;?;Lyon to Jadhav, no run length ball, and Jadhav tries the reverse sweep. Seemed to go too early into it, as it hits his body;
27.4;?;Lyon to Jadhav, no run length, and he plays it towards square leg;
27.3;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run length ball, and turns into him, and he punches down towards long on. Lyon dives across to his right to stop this, but bangs the turf as it is in vain;
27.2;1;Lyon to Jadhav, 1 run length ball, and he flicks this down towards fine leg;
27.1;?;Lyon to Jadhav, no run length ball, turns back into him, and he defends this;
26.6;1;Maxwell to Jadhav, 1 run length ball, outside off, and he taps it away towards point;
26.5;4;Maxwell to Jadhav, FOUR runs uses his feet to get to a length ball outside off, and drives it ramrod straight over the bowler's head! Races away into the long on fence;
26.4;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run flicks a length ball towards midwicket;
26.3;4lb;Maxwell to Kohli, 4 leg byes tossed up, and turns sharply into him, and he looks for the drive. It has run off his pads for four. Will Australia review this? No they haven't! Turns back in, and beats Carey too!;
26.2;1;Maxwell to Jadhav, 1 run length, and he plays it with soft hands towards short fine leg;
26.1;?;Maxwell to Jadhav, no run length, and Jadhav presses forward to defend;
25.6;4;Stoinis to Kohli, FOUR runs outside off, and he reaches out and leans into a sumptuous cover drive. Ah, Kohli!;
25.5;4;Stoinis to Kohli, FOUR runs short of a length, and he shuffles across and bisects fine leg and backward square leg with a terrific flick. Whattay shot!;
25.4;1;Stoinis to Jadhav, 1 run length, outside off, and he runs it down to third man. Delivered at 131kph;
25.3;?;Stoinis to Jadhav, no run length, and he presses forward to defend a ball angling into him;
25.2;1;Stoinis to Kohli, 1 run length ball, angles into him, and he tucks this away off his pads towards long leg;
25.1;4;Stoinis to Kohli, FOUR runs length ball, and he goes inside out. Didn't hit it too hard, but the sheer timing of it takes it beyond the man at deep extra cover. Teases him all the way to the cover fence;
24.6;?;Zampa to Jadhav, no run fuller ball, and he tries to sweep. Gets hit on the pads, and Zampa appeals, but it would probably have struck him outside off;
24.5;4;Zampa to Jadhav, FOUR runs short, and he has put this away towards deep midwicket! Sat up and asked to be punished, and he did well to keep this to the left of backward square leg. Couple of bounces, and four!;
24.4;?;Zampa to Jadhav, no run tossed up, and he drives it back hard, but Zampa does well to half-stop it. Short midwicket comes around to back him up;
24.3;?;Zampa to Jadhav, no run length ball, outside off, and he presses forward to smother this;
24.2;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run tossed up, and he goes with the turn, square-driving him towards deep extra cover;
24.1;1;Zampa to Jadhav, 1 run length, turns away, and Jadhav goes back and punches this towards extra cover;
23.6;?;Stoinis to Kohli, no run length, and he comes across to defend this one, pitched just outside off;
23.5;4;Stoinis to Kohli, FOUR runs another boundary! Fuller ball, but straying down the pads, and it's the easiest of putaways. Kohli plays the leg glance well, and finds the fine leg fence easily;
23.4;4;Stoinis to Kohli, FOUR runs short, and he he has latched on to this one quickly. Rolls his wrists and keeps it to the right of deep backward square leg. Was going into his body, and he got inside the line very well!;
23.3;1lb;Stoinis to Jadhav, 1 leg bye length, jags back into him as he shapes to defend. Runs towards third man, and Joel Wilson gives no single to begin with...then he calls it a leg bye later. A bit bizarre that, though the impact was quite high;
23.2;?;Stoinis to Jadhav, no run length, outside off, and he taps it towards short midwicket;
23.1;1;Stoinis to Kohli, 1 run length ball, outside off, and he runs it down towards third man. Brings up FIFTY for Kohli!;
22.6;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run length, outside off, and he taps it with soft hands to the right of point, and sets off immediately!;
22.5;1;Lyon to Jadhav, 1 run length ball, and he waits on it as it pitches on middle and turns further in. Tickles this down to fine leg;
22.4;?;Lyon to Jadhav, no run length ball, and he looks to flick this towards square leg. No possiblity of a run;
22.3;?;Lyon to Jadhav, no run presses forward to defend a length ball;
22.2;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run length, he goes back and flicks this towards long leg. Disappointed at not having pushed for a second, but it was very quickly reached by the fine leg fielder;
22.1;1;Lyon to Jadhav, 1 run length, outside off, and he drops it towards deep point;
21.6;1lb;Zampa to Jadhav, 1 leg bye length, outside off, and he looks to sweep. Hits him on the pads, and runs away towards point. They appeal, but it will only be a leg-bye;
21.5;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run short, and he goes back and biffs this down towards long on;
21.4;?;Zampa to Kohli, no run length, went on straight with the arm, and Kohli goes back to defend this towards midwicket;
21.3;?;Zampa to Kohli, no run presses forward to defend a length ball outside off stump;
21.2;1;Zampa to Jadhav, 1 run tossed up, outside off, and he chips down the wicket and drives this to long off;
21.1;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run tossed up, outside off, and he drives it towards extra cover;
20.6;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run shorter in length, and down the pads, and he flicks this away, but there's a fine leg stationed for these dragged down balls;
20.5;1;Lyon to Jadhav, 1 run length, and he goes back and punches this away off his pads towards square leg;
20.4;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run tossed up, angles across Kohli, who comes forward and runs it off the edge towards short third man;
20.3;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run spins back from outside off, and he looks to cut this away towards third man. Close to the pads, in fact!;
20.2;1;Lyon to Jadhav, 1 run length ball, and he goes back and nurdles this towards short midwicket and picks up a quick single;
20.1;?;Lyon to Jadhav, no run length ball, and he goes back to defend this;
19.6;4;Zampa to Kohli, FOUR runs short, and he goes back and drags this away towards long leg. Not off the middle, but Kohli is batting well enough to get four for this!;
19.5;1;Zampa to Jadhav, 1 run tossed up, and he drives this down to long off;
19.4;?;Zampa to Jadhav, no run tossed up, turns away from off stump, and he presses forward to defend this;
19.3;4;Zampa to Jadhav, FOUR runs length, turns away, and he cuts it behind point. Played it late...delectable!;
19.2;?;Zampa to Jadhav, no run length ball, and he presses forward to defend. Very precise line and length, and Zampa thinks about a referral. Probably just got the bat first;
19.1;W;Zampa to Dhoni, OUT gone! No honeymoon homecoming for Dhoni! Full ball, and he looks to swing this down the ground, and inside-edges it on to the stumps. There's stunned silence at the JSCA Stadium, and the crowd just about begins to realise what has happened as he walks back towards the pavillion. This was breezy, but all too brief from MS Dhoni. More importantly, just brings a bit more pressure to bear on Virat Kohli, who is batting beautifully at one end;MS Dhoni b Zampa 26 (42b 2x4 1x6) SR: 61.9;
18.6;1;Lyon to Dhoni, 1 run outside off, and he drives it away towards extra cover;
18.5;?;Lyon to Dhoni, no run wants to use his feet to this, and Lyon fires it flatter and wider, and he has to defend this;
18.4;6;Lyon to Dhoni, SIX runs vintage Dhoni! This is closer to his arc, and he doesn't hold back. It's nothing more than a length ball, but he quickly shimmies down the track and swings this over midwicket. Goes high, wide, and handsome;
18.3;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run length, and he goes back to punch this to long on;
18.2;2;Lyon to Kohli, 2 runs length ball, on leg, and he stretches out to flick this towards backward square leg. By the time the man from deep midwicket gets to the ball, they come back for two. FIFTY of the partnership too!;
18.1;1;Lyon to Dhoni, 1 run fuller, outside off, and he paddles this around the corner towards fine leg;
18.1;1w;Lyon to Dhoni, 1 wide sharp turn from outside leg stump, turning further away. Will be called a wide;
17.6;2;Zampa to Kohli, 2 runs short, and Kohli latches on to this and gets it squarer, towards deep midwicket. The man at backward square leg has to run around to his left and then send his throw in;
17.5;1;Zampa to Dhoni, 1 run short ball, and this time he goes back and pulls it away. It finds the man at long leg;
17.4;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run full, on the pads, and Kohli drives it down to long on;
17.4;1w;Zampa to Kohli, 1 wide fired down the leg side, and Kohli leaves. He will have to bowl this again;
17.3;1lb;Zampa to Dhoni, 1 leg bye comes forward to play a length ball that straightens into him from outside off. Hits him on the pad as he shapes to flick. There's an appeal for leg before but turned down;
17.2;?;Zampa to Dhoni, no run tosses this up, and it straightens after pitching on middle and leg, and Dhoni stretches to defend this;
17.1;?;Zampa to Dhoni, no run goes down the leg side, and Dhoni tries to paddle this fine, but cannot beat short fine leg!;
16.6;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run length ball on off, and skidding across. Punched to cover;
16.5;1;Lyon to Dhoni, 1 run full on middle, and muscled behind square to Cummins at fine leg;
16.4;?;Lyon to Dhoni, no run full just outside off, and he steps forward to defend towards cover;
16.3;?;Lyon to Dhoni, no run full on middle, and he skips down the ground, before working it towards the leg side;
16.2;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run full on off, and nudged off his toes to deep backward square;
16.1;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run full on middle, and he shuffles onto the back foot. Worked off his pads to square leg;
15.6;2;Stoinis to Dhoni, 2 runs length ball, wide outside off, and he cuts this square to the fielder at third man. He runs around the boundary to intercept;
15.5;1;Stoinis to Kohli, 1 run length ball, on off stump, and worked off his hips to deep midwicket for a jogging single;
15.4;?;Stoinis to Kohli, no run length ball, just outside off, and tapped off the back foot to cover once again. Can't beat the infield;
15.3;?;Stoinis to Kohli, no run length ball, just outside off, and tapped off the back foot to cover;
15.2;2;Stoinis to Kohli, 2 runs length ball, just outside off, and nudged off his pads to deep midwicket;
15.1;4;Stoinis to Kohli, FOUR runs shotttt! Back of a length, outside off stump, but he rides the bounce to punch a back-foot drive through the covers. Exquisite.;
14.6;?;Lyon to Dhoni, no run full on off, and nudged off the front foot to the leg side;
14.5;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run full on middle, and whipped away to deep midwicket;
14.4;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run full on off, and turning in as well. Kohli takes a big stride forward to defend, and the ball has hit his front pad. They appeal for lbw but not given. Was there inside edge? Was the ball turning in too much? Ah, inside edge it is.;
14.3;1;Lyon to Dhoni, 1 run full on middle, and skidding away from Dhoni. Tapped away from his body to point;
14.2;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run length ball on leg, and turning further into the batsman. Whipped off his hips to deep midwicket;
14.1;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run length ball on leg, and he punches off the back foot to mid-on;
13.6;1;Stoinis to Kohli, 1 run back of a length, just outside off, and Kohli runs this down to third man for a single;
13.5;1;Stoinis to Dhoni, 1 run length ball on off, and nudged off the front foot to short midwicket. Misfield from Lyon allows them to pinch the single;
13.4;?;Stoinis to Dhoni, no run length ball on off, and he takes a tiny step forward to defend back to Stoinis;
13.3;?;Stoinis to Dhoni, no run full on off, and he drills a front-foot drive straight to short cover;
13.2;1;Stoinis to Kohli, 1 run length ball, just outside off, and guided late to third man for a single;
13.1;1;Stoinis to Dhoni, 1 run full outside off, and he throws his hands at this. Creams a shot through the off side, but there's protection at deep extra cover;
12.6;4;Lyon to Kohli, FOUR runs length ball on leg, and he tickles this fine with the turn. Fine leg has absolutely no chance as India reach 50;
12.5;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run full on off, and he plays a whip towards midwicket after getting onto the front foot. Can't beat the infielder though;
12.4;1;Lyon to Dhoni, 1 run length ball on leg, and he muscles an on-drive to wide long on again;
12.3;?;Lyon to Dhoni, no run length ball on leg stump, and nudged off the back foot to midwicket;
12.2;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run length ball on middle, and Kohli covers his stumps, before punching to wide long-on;
12.1;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run length ball on leg, and he tries to pull behind square. Played to square leg;
11.6;?;Cummins to Dhoni, no run play and miss again. Length ball, wide outside off, and the attempted cover drive goes past his outside edge;
11.5;1;Cummins to Kohli, 1 run length ball angling into his pads, and Kohli flicks this fine to fine leg for a walking single;
11.4;1;Cummins to Dhoni, 1 run full on off, and he drives with the bat's open face to deep point for one;
11.3;?;Cummins to Dhoni, no run full just outside off, and Dhoni goes for an expansive cover drive. But the ball whizzes past his outside edge, and finds itself in Alex Carey's gloves;
11.2;1;Cummins to Kohli, 1 run length ball just outside off, and he stands tall to punch through to deep extra cover;
11.1;?;Cummins to Kohli, no run length ball on off, and Kohli prods forward to defend with the bat's open face to cover;
10.6;?;Stoinis to Dhoni, no run full on off, and defended off the front foot to cover. Dhoni splices the shot and asks for a new bat straightaway;
10.5;?;Stoinis to Dhoni, no run length ball on off, and once again the bounce stays low. Bends his knees to check a shot towards mid-on;
10.4;?;Stoinis to Dhoni, no run slower ball, length on off, but staying low. Dhoni bends his knees and somehow taps this towards the leg side. Ball could've clearly gone through his defense, there;
10.3;?;Stoinis to Dhoni, no run length ball, just outside off, and he punches off the back foot to mid-off. Can't beat the infield though;
10.2;?;Stoinis to Dhoni, no run length ball, just outside off, and defended off the back foot. Right back to the bowler;
10.1;1;Stoinis to Kohli, 1 run length ball, just outside off, and Kohli tries to pull. But he under-edges the shot past the keeper's right;
9.6;?;Jhye Richardson to Dhoni, no run length ball, wide outside off, and through to Carey. Left alone;
9.5;4;Jhye Richardson to Dhoni, FOUR runs pulled! Back of a length on off, but the hometown boy swivels and muscles a pulled-shot past the square-leg umpire;
9.4;?;Jhye Richardson to Dhoni, no run length ball on off, and Dhoni prods forward to check-drive. Straight to mid off;
9.3;4;Jhye Richardson to Dhoni, FOUR runs length ball, wide outside off, and clattered off the back foot. Back-foot drive through the off side, and that's a much-needed four for India;
9.2;?;Jhye Richardson to Dhoni, no run length ball angling in, and Dhoni prods forward to defend towards the leg side. Gentle hands;
9.1;?;Jhye Richardson to Dhoni, no run back of a length, just outside off, but the ball takes some extra bounce after hitting the deck. Defends uncomfortably towards the off side;
8.6;?;Stoinis to Kohli, no run length ball, just outside off, but Kohli wants to run this down fine. Tries to guide it towards third man, but the ball whizzes past his bat's edge;
8.5;?;Stoinis to Kohli, no run back of a length, just outside off, and he defends off the back foot to mid-on;
8.4;1;Stoinis to Dhoni, 1 run full just outside off, and tapped off the front foot to mid off. Enough time to call for the single;
8.3;1;Stoinis to Kohli, 1 run full on off, and he works this - with the incoming angle - to Zampa at midwicket. They scamper across for a single;
8.2;1lb;Stoinis to Dhoni, 1 leg bye full on middle, and the attempted leg-side clip doesn't come off the bat. Hits his front leg, and rolls away to the leg side. Impact outside the stumps though;
8.1;?;Stoinis to Dhoni, no run length ball, just outside off, and the back-foot punch finds cover point;
7.6;?;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, no run full and wide outside off stump, and driven away from his body to mid-off;
7.5;2;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, 2 runs full on off, and he works this from outside off stump by working this to deep midwicket. Two men running towards the boundary-line, and they combine well to stop the boundary;
7.4;?;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, no run full on off, and he plants his leg across the stumps, before whipping to midwicket;
7.3;?;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, no run full and wide outside off, and he crunches a cover drive through the off side. But Maxwell runs across from point and sticks his right hand out to stop the ball;
7.2;?;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, no run length ball on off, and nudged off his body towards the elg side;
7.1;?;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, no run length ball, wide outside off, and he opens the bat's face to nudge a shot towards point;
6.6;?;Cummins to Dhoni, no run overpitched on off, and he pushes forward to drive to mid-off;
6.5;?;Cummins to Dhoni, no run full outside off, and he shoulders his arms once again. Through to the keeper;
6.4;?;Cummins to Dhoni, no run length ball, wide outside off, and Dhoni allows it to go into the keeper's gloves. Left alone;
6.3;?;Cummins to Dhoni, no run full on off, and pushed tentatively towards mid-off;
6.2;W;Cummins to Rayudu, OUT what a beautiful ball! India in tatters! Length ball on off, and Rayudu looks to defend off the front foot, but the ball jags away oh-so-slightly, and Rayudu has lost his off stump. Played completely down the wrong line;Ambati Rayudu b Cummins 2 (8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
6.1;?;Cummins to Rayudu, no run length ball on off, and Rayudu defends gently towards the off side;
5.6;4;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, FOUR runs full and very wide outside off stump. Kohli simply puts his front leg near the ball, allows his hands to play through the line. Driven square to the off-side boundary. So easy on the eye!;
5.5;1;Jhye Richardson to Rayudu, 1 run length ball, extra bounce off the deck, and Rayudu carves a back-foot punch down to deep point. First runs off Jhye Richardson!;
5.4;?;Jhye Richardson to Rayudu, no run length ball, just outside off, and this time Rayudu gets bat on ball. Tapped off the front foot towards the off side;
5.3;?;Jhye Richardson to Rayudu, no run beats him again! Full just outside off, and angling away after hitting the deck. Rayudu looks to drive for the ball coming in, but the ball beats his outside edge again;
5.2;?;Jhye Richardson to Rayudu, no run full outside off, and the ball holds it's line. Rayudu's looking to drive for the ball coming in, and so he plays down the wrong line. Through to the keeper this time;
5.1;?;Jhye Richardson to Rayudu, no run full, just outside off, and driven away from his body. Finds cover point though;
4.6;4;Cummins to Kohli, FOUR runs length ball from wide outside off, but with the ball angling in. Kohli simply prods forward and punches with the bat's open face, and the ball is razing away to the backward-point boundary;
4.5;2;Cummins to Kohli, 2 runs misfield at cover! The curse follows the Australian fielders too. Length ball on off, and punched to Stoinis at cover. But the ball goes through his hands, allowing the Indians to take another run;
4.4;1;Cummins to Rayudu, 1 run length ball, just wide outside off, and he plays a late cut to third man for a single;
4.3;W;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, OUT appeal for lbw, but the umpire doesn't give it! Australia are surely reviewing. This was a length ball that didn't rise as much, and Rohit was surprised by the (lack of) bounce. Ball angles in, and hits him on the back leg, so that's worrying for India. Was there any inside edge? There's a bit of a spike, but is that ball grazing the front-pad or bat? Umpire thinks that's grazed the front-pad and ball-tracking says that the ball is crashing into middle stump! A good review, and India lose their second opener too;Rohit Sharma lbw b Cummins 14 (14b 2x4 1x6) SR: 100;
4.2;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length, just outside off, and Rohit shuffles across to cover his stumps, before defending off the front foot;
4.1;4;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs nearly chopped on! Length ball just outside off, but nips inwards. Rohit displays no footwork as he tries to work this towards the off side. Ball takes the inside-edge and dribbles down to fine leg. Lucky;
3.6;?;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, no run full just outside off, and he looks to drive but the ball's too close to his body for it to go through the covers. Struck to mid-off instead. Another maiden!;
3.5;?;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, no run length ball, just outside off, and he prods forward to defend with soft hands;
3.4;?;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, no run full just outside off, and swinging away from Kohli. He pushes this away from his body to cover point;
3.3;W;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, OUT taken at point! Dhawan's poor form continues. Length ball angling away, and Dhawan can't resist. Tries to lift a cut-shot over point, but doesn't find the elevation. Maxwell keeps his eyes on the ball as he dives to his right, and pouches this while sliding into the grass. Richardson rejoices;Shikhar Dhawan c Maxwell b Richardson 1 (10b 0x4 0x6) SR: 10;
3.2;?;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, no run full on off, but jagging inwards. Driven away from his body towards cover;
3.1;?;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, no run full on middle, and swinging into his pads. The front-foot defense is hit back to Richardson;
2.6;6;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs glorious! Full on off, and he clears his front leg, before drilling a shot right over the fast bowler's head. Clears the boundary too. Oof;
2.5;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball, just outside off, and he opens the bat's face to steer a shot to point;
2.4;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball outside off, but angling inwards again. Punched off the back foot, but spliced to the off side on this occasion;
2.3;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball, just outside off, and Rohit steps forward to drive. Comes off the bat's top-half this time, rolling towards the off side;
2.2;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run full just outside off, and he gets onto the front foot to drive. Struck to cover;
2.1;4;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs length ball, wide outside off, and Rohit simply throws his hands at this with the bat's face opened. Guided to the backward-point boundary;
1.6;?;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, no run full on middle, and he prods forward to drive. Can't beat mid-off though. Maiden over;
1.5;?;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, no run length ball on off, and angling in. Checked off his hips towards the leg side;
1.4;?;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, no run full, outside off, and he drives with the bat's open face. Goes to Maxwell at point on the bounce, and he throws himself towards the right to stop the ball from going for four;
1.3;?;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, no run fuller, landing on middle but coming into leg stump. Driven towards the leg-side this time, but swiftly intercepted by midwicket;
1.2;?;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, no run length ball on middle, and straightening after pitching. Pushed off the front foot with the bat's open face to point;
1.1;?;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, no run just a bit of swing into the left-hander. Full on off, but coming into Dhawan. Driven from near his body to mid-off;
0.6;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball, just outside off, but angling inwards. Nudged off his hips to the leg side;
0.5;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball, just outside off, and the attempted punch has been inside-edged onto his body;
0.4;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run fullish just outside off, and he pushes forward to drive. Struck well, but finds mid off;
0.3;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run full just outside off, and a bit of movement inwards. Rohit prods forward to drive towards cover point;
0.2;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball, just outside off, and Rohit takes a tiny step forward, before punching to cover;
0.1;1;Cummins to S Dhawan, 1 run full on off, and pushed to mid off. Calls early for the single and India are off the mark!;

5.44pm Pat Cummins with the new ball.
5.37pm India need 314 to seal the ODI series. Australia need a victory to keep the series alive. This should be an exciting chase in Ranchi. We're minutes away from the first ball, so make sure you've found a comfortable spot, because we're in for an exciting ride.
Srihari: "Will it be roller coaster or a smooth ride?" -- I, for one, would hope it's the former. I even have my seat belt on.

 Innings Start
Australia
India
3rd ODI (D/N), Ranchi, Mar 8 2019, Australia tour of India
313/5
281
Player of the match is Usman Khawaja, AUS
Australia won by 32 runs
