Data
9pm A career-best 80 from Wade and some Maxwell magic has lifted Australia to 186. India were sloppy in the field, dropping multiple catches, but Natarajan and Thakur were impressive with their variations in the end overs, reining Australia in. Have Australia got enough to avoid a 3-0 sweep? Alex will be back in a bit to launch the chase.
Arpit: "Not sure why they played Darcy Short if he wasn't gonna open. Could have sent him once Finch got out early but probably his shortcomings against spin pushed him down the order. Waste of a player in my mind. Could have played an alrounder instead."
Abhishek: "Nattu for Man of the series"
19.6;?;Natarajan to Sams, no run Sams backs away outside leg, Natarajan pulls his length back and shifts his line wider to beat the swinging bat;
19.5;4;Natarajan to Sams, FOUR runs Natarajan aims for the yorker, Sams, batting outside his crease, stretches out further and squeezes it through the covers for four;
19.4;W;Natarajan to Short, 1 run, OUT full-toss, but it is still a hard-to-hit full-toss, punched down towards long-on. Short comes back for the second - which isn't quite there - and is caught short despite a full-length dive. Nice, flat throw from the deep;D'Arcy Short run out (sub [MK Pandey]/?Rahul) 7 (3b 1x4 0x6) SR: 233.33;;
19.3;4;Natarajan to Short, FOUR runs full and outside off, drilled through the line, placed to the right of sweeper cover as Samson slides in vain in the outfield;
19.2;2;Natarajan to Short, 2 runs Short shuffles across and gives the left-armer the charge, Natarajan shifts his lines wider, sliced to deep third man;
19.1;W;Natarajan to Maxwell, OUT Natarajan aims for the yorker, but it comes out as a full-toss. Maxwell shuffles across, looks to reverse-swat it away, but misses it altogether in the end. Natarajan messes with the stumps once again;Glenn Maxwell b Natarajan 54 (36b 3x4 3x6) SR: 150;;
18.6;1;Thakur to Maxwell, 1 run wide yorker, Maxwell jumps across off, aims for the short leg-side boundary, but can only jam it down to short third man, where Chahal drops another regulation chance;
18.5;?;Thakur to Maxwell, no run another 119ks slower ball, away from the batsman's reach, beaten;
18.4;1;Thakur to Henriques, 1 run shorter and outside off, pulled to deep midwicket;
18.3;4;Thakur to Henriques, FOUR runs cross-seamer, 113ks, steps out and carves to sweeper cover. Washington runs in, but the ball carroms away from him into the fence;
18.2;W;Thakur to Wade, OUT slower dipper from Thakur and Wade has been given out lbw. The batsman sweeps early, the ball plunges sharply and hits him on the boot in line with the stumps. Wade has reviewed almost immediately. Has he nicked it then? Nope, and ball-tracking returns three reads. Wade goes for a career-best 80 off 53 balls;Matthew Wade lbw b Thakur 80 (53b 7x4 2x6) SR: 150.94;
18.1;1;Thakur to Maxwell, 1 run fullish and outside off, cross-seam, Maxwell jumps across off, aims for the shorter leg-side fence, leading-edges it down to third man instead;
17.6;1;Natarajan to Maxwell, 1 run on a length and outside off, offcutter, swished to sweeper cover;
17.5;4;Natarajan to Maxwell, FOUR runs Natarajan searches for the yorker, misses his mark by a bit, Maxwell sits so very deep in the crease and shovels it away to the midwicket fence to reach his fifty off 31 balls;
17.4;1;Natarajan to Wade, 1 run another wide yorker from Natarajan, he's so good with this, stabbed to cover;
17.4;1w;Natarajan to Wade, 1 wide wide yorker from Natarajan, but too wide, hence called off-side wide;
17.3;1;Natarajan to Maxwell, 1 run low full-toss on off, jabbed to extra-cover, where Dhawan fumbles;
17.2;?;Natarajan to Maxwell, no run slower offcutter from Natarajan, sucks pace off it, Maxwell reverse-scoops early and misses;
17.1;3;Natarajan to Wade, 3 runs full-toss outside off, driven wide of long-off, they sprint back for the third;
16.6;6;Thakur to Maxwell, SIX runs Whoa! Outrageous strike from Maxwell. This is a slower length ball outside off, Maxwell jumps across off, manufactures his own pace and smites it over the midwicket boundary - like only he can;
16.5;2;Thakur to Maxwell, 2 runs Chahar runs in from sweeper cover and drops it! Sloppy stuff from India. Full and outside off, Maxwell aims to launch it over extra-cover, instead he slices it squarer. Chahar runs in and spills it;
16.4;1;Thakur to Wade, 1 run on a length and on off stump, offcutter, nurdled through the leg side;
16.3;2;Thakur to Wade, 2 runs full and straight, whipped to Chahar at deep midwicket;
16.2;1;Thakur to Maxwell, 1 run back of a length and wider, Maxwell reaches out and scythes it wide of Iyer at sweeper;
16.1;?;Thakur to Maxwell, no run Thakur thinks he has Maxwell caught behind. With one second to go, Kohli calls for the review. Maxwell searches for the reverse-hit, this is the slower variation from Thakur - possibly a knuckle ball. No bat involved once again. Maxwell is good to go;
15.6;1;Chahar to Maxwell, 1 run full-toss on off stump, forced down to long-off. Chahar ends with 0 for 34 in his first over;
15.5;1;Chahar to Wade, 1 run slower short ball outside off, sits up, Wade slugs it flat and hard to deep midwicket;
15.4;2;Chahar to Wade, 2 runs Chahar goes for the wide yorker, comes out as a full-toss, which is jabbed down to long-off;
15.3;1;Chahar to Maxwell, 1 run on a length and sliding in at off stump, Maxwell swings for the hills but can only get the ball as far as deep midwicket;
15.2;?;Chahar to Maxwell, no run looks like a knuckle ball outside off, Maxwell can't quite connect with a reverse-dab;
15.1;1;Chahar to Wade, 1 run pitched up and just a shade outside off, drilled to extra-cover;
14.6;?;Chahal to Maxwell, no run Rahul belts out an appeal for caught behind. Not given out. Chahal isn't convinced, but India still go for a review and they take it on time. Maxwell aims for a reverse-sweep, darted flatter and wider of off. Nothing on Hotspot. No spike on Snicko either. The original decision is upheld;
14.5;6;Chahal to Maxwell, SIX runs Maxwell jumps across off stump, he keeps flitting around his crease, makes Chahal bowl shorter into him. Clubs it over the shorter leg-side boundary for another six;
14.4;?;Chahal to Maxwell, no run Chahal loses his line again, another off-side wide;
14.4;1w;Chahal to Maxwell, 1 wide off-wide wide;
14.3;6;Chahal to Maxwell, SIX runs Maxwell shows his ace a bit early, he nips down the track, Chahal holds this legbreak back and shifts his line much wider. Maxwell still fetches it and scoops it over long-on for six;
14.2;1;Chahal to Wade, 1 run heavy length outside off, Wade sits back and stabs it away to the leg side;
14.1;1;Chahal to Maxwell, 1 run tossed outside off, Maxwell drops down to one knee and slog-sweeps on the bounce to deep midwicket;

Watch (Indian subcontinent only): Sundar deceives Smith to bowl him.
 Innings Start
Here are some of the match highlights if you're tuning in from the Indian subcontinent or the US:
Full highlights: Matthew Wade and Glenn Maxwell set up win for Australia (Indian subcontinent only)
Kohli's knock: Watch Virat Kohli's half-century (Indian subcontinent only)
Kohli's knock: Virat Kohli's 85 not enough for India (US only)
WATCH: Steven Smith drops sitter off Virat Kohli (US only)
That wraps up the limited overs portion of the tour. India win the T20I series 2-1 after Australia won the ODI series 2-1. The Tests begin next Thursday in Adelaide. India play Australia A in another three-day tour match at the SCG starting on Friday. Virat Kohli said he might play depending on how he pulls up tomorrow. On behalf of Deiva and Chandan, thanks for being with us tonight. Stay safe.
11pm Presentation
Hardik Pandya is Player of the Series "I'm quite pleased. I felt it was a team effort not an individual one. We all decided after the 2nd ODI that we'll treat this as a four match series now and we were hoping that we would win 3 out of 4 and that's what we got. I think I should head back home and spend some quality time with my family. I haven't seen them for four months. Maybe in the future (for Test cricket), I don't know, maybe."
Virat Kohli picks up the trophy "T20 cricket you have to take your chances. I thought when Hardik got going we could pull this one off and eventually we found out we had a bit too much to do in the end. I think the middle overs while we were batting was the phase that cost. If we had one partnership of 25-30 that means Hardik comes in when we need less than 60, not 80 plus. This series win is a nice little asterisk for us finishing the limited overs leg of 2020 on a high. I honestly feel that the crowd was a factor as well. It's great we can play infront of crowds in Australia. That gives you another dimension of motivation when you're in a tough situation. Our fans pulled us through a couple of times and Australia has got great support too."
Aaron Finch "Very good to be back and good to be on the right side of the result. Over the three games it was a great series we were just on the wrong end on the first two. It's the first time we've had two legspinners and that shows a lot of character from two guys to bowl to a really short boundary here. It shows a lot of courage, they backed their skills really well. I'm proud of them."
Mitch Swepson is player of the match "It was obviously really nice to get some wickets through the middle there. It was nice to have an impact and a good way to finish on a win like that. You want to challenge yourself against the best and these guys have proven they are the best T20 side in the world at the moment. A great challenge and I loved every minute of it out there."
10.50pm Australia win by 12 runs. Great game. India left it a touch late but they still win the series. Great performance by Australia's two leg spinners again. Mitch Swepson took career-best figures while Adam Zampa claimed the key wicket of Hardik Pandya leaving Virat Kohli with too much to do.
Urmila: "Swepson & Zampa were the turning point for Aussie win."
Abishek Shrivas: "Extras cost India the game!!"
Chief Selector: "Beauty of the series has been new players tried by both teams which make it open rather one sided Aussie wins like first two ODIs. 100 pc crowd had value for money though with high scoring games."
Abishek Shrivas: "Extras cost India the game!!"
19.6;2;Abbott to Thakur, 2 runs Sams drops a sky ball at deep midwicket! They get two but it's not enough. Another slower ball bouncer, he pulled it high to Sams at deep midwicket but he spills it. It matters not;
19.5;?;Abbott to Thakur, no run swing and a miss. Excellent 117kph slower ball bouncer that beat him and stayed under head high;
19.4;2;Abbott to Thakur, 2 runs 119kph, short slower, he pulls in the air but it lands short of Tye at deep square and they only get two;
19.3;6;Abbott to Thakur, SIX runs smoked over midwicket! Hold on! Knee high full toss on middle and he launched it over the long boundary at deep midwicket! Superb strike;
19.2;W;Abbott to Sundar, OUT caught at deep point! It would have been a wide if he didn't hit it! It was a thigh high full toss way wide of off, he reached out and got it off the toe, slicing it to deep backward point and Tye runs in and judges the catch well sliding on his knees;Washington Sundar c Tye b Abbott 7 (6b 1x4 0x6) SR: 116.66;
19.1;4;Abbott to Sundar, FOUR runs lifted over cover off the back foot! What a shot! Length ball outside off, he was up on the toes and with a vertical bat lofted it over cover to the gap, one bounce four. Incredible stroke;
18.6;6;Tye to Thakur, SIX runs flicked over backward square into the crowd! Length but in the slot! He set himself and used the bottom hand to lift it over deep square;
18.5;1;Tye to Sundar, 1 run 119kph, slower ball on leg, he flicks this in the air but it lands short of deep backward square;
18.4;1;Tye to Thakur, 1 run 141kph, higher full toss, not a no-ball though, he miscues safely to deep cover-point;
18.3;?;Tye to Thakur, no run 141kph knee high full toss, he misses trying to thrash through point;
18.2;1;Tye to Sundar, 1 run 117kph, slower ball, it dips on middle, he adjusts late and tucks it into the legside;
18.1;W;Tye to Kohli, OUT caught at deep backward point! Great catch by Sams! Full and wide, Kohli slices a square drive flat and low and it's dipping away from Sams as he runs forward, but he dives and takes it cleanly above the turf;Virat Kohli c Sams b Tye 85 (61b 4x4 3x6) SR: 139.34;

Tye again
 Innings Start
Australia
India
3rd T20I (N), Sydney, Dec 8 2020, India tour of Australia
186/5
174/7
Player of the match is Mitchell Swepson, AUS
Australia won by 12 runs
