Data
5.15pm A quick addendum to that Chahal wicket from Sid Monga: "The act of making a catch shall start from the time when the ball first comes into contact with a fielder's person and shall end when a fielder obtains complete control over both the ball and his/her own movement." He reckons Cummins wasn't in control of that catch as he completed it
Shikhar Dhawan tells the broadcasters: "Another good innings, and I really enjoyed timing the ball. The wicket was really nice, and I took calculated risks. They were bowling well, and I knew I could get the runs. I was happy my smart work paid off. Of course, when you put so much of hard work, you want outcomes your way, but sometimes it doesn't. I just think if I am doing enough, then it's good. (On batting with Rohit) With these matches, we didn't get a good start. Today we were just communicating very well. We both were in the 90s at the same time. He's a class batsman, and it's about saying the right things at the right time. It's goog to see another 150-run partnership for the team. I liked when I stepped out and hit above the covers. I really liked that one. It's a good surface to bat on, but the advantage is we have 350 on the board, and Australia will have to go from ball one. The bowlers will have that leeway, and the wicket will get slower once it gets older. There should also be some reverse."
As you would expect from an innings of 358 for 9, there are lots of talking points, all of which are available in Sid Monga's report, which should be up soon. Catch you with the reply soon enough
49.6;6;Cummins to Bumrah, SIX runs length, and he has swung this around, and cleared midwicket! What a shot, and Kohli is jumping up and down with excitement inside the dressing room. Bumrah walks off with a wide grin, and pumps fists with Kuldeep Yadav as he does so. 600 strike rate for the no.11...not too shabby, eh?;
49.5;W;Cummins to Chahal, OUT FIVE for Cummins! Bangs this in short, and Chahal is squared up as he looks to drive this back. It pops back up, and Cummins takes it, but Dharmasena this time goes up to the third ump, and gives not out as the soft signal. The replays are conclusive though. All clean. Good effort this from Cummins on what is not a helpful pitch by any stretch of imagination;Yuzvendra Chahal c & b Cummins 0 (1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
49.4;1;Cummins to Kuldeep, 1 run short, angles across him, and he pats this towards point;
49.3;W;Cummins to Shankar, OUT short, and he looks to go over midwicket, but cannot clear Glenn Maxwell! Cummins bangs this one into the pitch, and that takes the top edge, and Maxwell holds his shape well at midwicket and takes a steepling catch. Useful little hand has come to an end, that has pushed India over the minimum score India would have wanted to post today;Vijay Shankar c Maxwell b Cummins 26 (15b 1x4 2x6) SR: 173.33;
49.3;1w;Cummins to Shankar, 1 wide length ball, down the leg side, and he looks to flick this, but it is called wide;
49.2;?;Cummins to Shankar, no run fired wider, and fuller, and he has a waft, but fails to make contact;
49.1;6;Cummins to Shankar, SIX runs length, and he has gone over long on, and timed it well enough to clear the man at that position. The ball was angling into him, at good pace, and he used that expertly;
48.6;W;Jhye Richardson to Bhuvneshwar, OUT short ball, and he looks to dink this over Carey with a delicate dab, but Carey goes across to his right to take this with his right hand! Today has seen an excellent exhibition of 'keeping from Carey, with this the third smart catch he has picked up;Bhuvneshwar Kumar c ?Carey b Richardson 1 (2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
48.5;1;Jhye Richardson to Shankar, 1 run short again, and he pushes this away handsomely towards long leg;
48.4;1;Jhye Richardson to Bhuvneshwar, 1 run length ball, and he goes back and nudges this down towards fine leg;
48.3;1b;Jhye Richardson to Shankar, 1 bye short, and he looks to swing this around the leg side. Misses contact, and the bounce ahead of Carey takes the ball away and allows them to steal a bye;
48.2;4;Jhye Richardson to Shankar, FOUR runs lofts a length ball over mid on. Good strokeplay to get some much-needed momentum right at the end for India!;
48.1;6;Jhye Richardson to Shankar, SIX runs short ball, and he moves away from the crease to create some room, and whacks this straight down the ground. Just clears the long off fence;
45.6;?;Cummins to Jadhav, no run length ball, cuts back into him, and Jadhav blocks this after taking a half-step towards the ball;
45.5;2;Cummins to Jadhav, 2 runs fuller, on off stump, and he nudges it with soft hands towards midwicket. They want two, and make it look ridiculously easy. Good running!;
45.4;1;Cummins to Shankar, 1 run short, outside off, and he runs it down towards third man;
45.3;W;Cummins to Pant, OUT straight down Finch's throat at mid on! Cummins floated this wide of the off stump again, and with mid on inside the circle, Pant took the invitation of wanting to clear him. Toe-ends this, and Finch takes a smart, low catch to his left. This could cost India an odd 15-20 runs right here;Rishabh Pant c Finch b Cummins 36 (24b 4x4 1x6) SR: 150;
45.2;?;Cummins to Pant, no run length, outside off, and he looks to go down the ground, but the bat turns in his hand. Skews the shot towards the onside;
45.1;1;Cummins to Jadhav, 1 run length, outside off, and he runs it down to third man;
44.6;1;Zampa to Jadhav, 1 run fuller, straighter and he nudges this down to long on;
44.5;1;Zampa to Pant, 1 run flat, wide of off stump, and he can only thrash this down to long off;
44.4;?;Zampa to Pant, no run smartly bowled! Comes from wide of the crease, and pushes this across him. Pant was looking to go straight, and adjusts late to drive it back to the bowler on the off side;
44.3;4;Zampa to Pant, FOUR runs shorter, and he swivels around and gets this down towards long leg. The fieldsman puts in a game effort, but just fails to pull it back before it hits the boundary skirting;
44.2;?;Zampa to Pant, no run this time he switches hands and wants to go fine towards third man, but smashes it onto his right leg. Doesn't really go anywhere, with a full ball;
44.1;6;Zampa to Pant, SIX runs shot! It was a length ball, angling across him as Zampa has wanted to do. Pant uses his feet and then launches this over long on. Gets it straight too;
47.6;W;Cummins to Jadhav, OUT short ball, he uses his feet to get closer to it and then swings this away...and straight down long leg's throat! The pressure of not getting boundaries shows as Jadhav looks to force the pace. Smart adjustment from Cummins to hold the length back, and he ends up mis-timing the attempted hoick completely. Needed to get it more off the middle of the bat to clear the fielder;Kedar Jadhav c Richardson b Cummins 10 (12b 0x4 0x6) SR: 83.33;
47.5;1;Cummins to Shankar, 1 run shorter ball, outside off, and he looks to loft this down the ground. Flies off the outside edge, and just clears point;
47.4;1;Cummins to Jadhav, 1 run short, down the leg side, and he pulls this away towards long leg;
47.3;1;Cummins to Shankar, 1 run length ball, straight at him, and he flicks this towards deep midwicket;
47.2;1;Cummins to Jadhav, 1 run shorter ball, and he chips down the wicket and punts this down towards mid on;
47.1;1;Cummins to Shankar, 1 run length, outside off, and he forces this towards extra cover;
46.6;1;Jhye Richardson to Shankar, 1 run fuller, straighter, and he drives this towards mid on;
46.5;1;Jhye Richardson to Jadhav, 1 run short, outside off, and he taps this towards square leg. Chides himself for not making good enough contact on what was a loose ball;
46.4;1;Jhye Richardson to Shankar, 1 run fuller ball, faster this time at 136.2kph, and it goes off the inside edge and then drops off his pads in to the off side. Richardson had a quiet appeal going, but withdrew;
46.3;2;Jhye Richardson to Shankar, 2 runs short again, and he picks this up from outside his off stump and takes it down towards backward square leg. They get two for this;
46.3;1w;Jhye Richardson to Shankar, 1 wide short, and again down the leg side. Shankar had taken a little step away towards the off side, but it was still way wide of his waft as he looked to play this down to fine leg;
46.2;1;Jhye Richardson to Jadhav, 1 run short, and he picks this from outside off and drags it down towards long leg;
46.2;1w;Jhye Richardson to Jadhav, 1 wide banged in short, and takes Jadhav by surprise too. Starts from middle and goes further down leg, though, and he will need to go again;
46.1;1;Jhye Richardson to Shankar, 1 run banged in short, and he gets up on his toes and flicks this away towards backward square leg;
43.6;1;Maxwell to Pant, 1 run short, and he goes back in trying to biff this, but under-edges it towards midwicket. Maxwell chases this, and keeps it down to just one;
43.5;1;Maxwell to Jadhav, 1 run full, fast, and straight, and he is forced to drive this down to long on;
43.4;1;Maxwell to Pant, 1 run full, outside off, and he runs it down to the right of short third man;
43.3;1;Maxwell to Jadhav, 1 run fuller ball, angles across him, and he eases this down towards midwicket;
43.2;?;Maxwell to Jadhav, no run length ball, and he looks to drive, but can only get it back down the wicket with the turn;
43.1;1;Maxwell to Pant, 1 run full ball, and he drives this towards long on;
42.6;W;Zampa to Rahul, OUT looks for a late cut, and gets the outside edge. Good take by Carey! Waits for the umpire to raise his finger. Smart bowling from Zampa, just tossed it up a bit, and on off stump, and the little turn took the outside of the bat. Fifty ODI wickets for Adam Zampa too;KL Rahul c ?Carey b Zampa 26 (31b 1x4 0x6) SR: 83.87;
42.5;1;Zampa to Pant, 1 run fuller, outside off, and he flicks this away towards deep mdwicket;
42.4;1;Zampa to Rahul, 1 run Rahul uses his feet, Zampa shortens the length, angles across him, and he is forced to play this towards midwicket;
42.3;1;Zampa to Pant, 1 run slides on across him again, and he goes back and swats this down towards extra cover;
42.2;?;Zampa to Pant, no run bowled from wide of the crease, angles across him, and he goes back to punch this, but cannot beat short cover;
42.1;1;Zampa to Rahul, 1 run tosses this up outside off, Rahul comes down the wicket and eases this through cover;
41.6;1;Jhye Richardson to Rahul, 1 run full toss, straight, and he drives this down to long on to retain strike;
41.5;1;Jhye Richardson to Pant, 1 run full toss on off stump, and he biffs this down to long off;
41.4;4;Jhye Richardson to Pant, FOUR runs wide ball, full, and he looks to drive. Gets the outer edge, but it flies off the blade and eludes Carey...all the way down to the third man boundary;
41.3;4;Jhye Richardson to Pant, FOUR runs full ball, into him, and he flicks this one imperiously! Superb timing again, as he places this to the left of midwicket, inside the circle;
41.2;2;Jhye Richardson to Pant, 2 runs length, strays on to the pads and he can nurdle this away to the right of long leg. Has played it soft enough to push for two and get there easily;
41.1;4;Jhye Richardson to Pant, FOUR runs length, outside off, and he leans into a gorgeous cover drive. Didn't over hit it, just placed it between long off and extra cover;
40.6;4;Maxwell to Rahul, FOUR runs fuller ball, and he sweeps this fine. Gets four! There was even an appeal from the bowler, but just got enough bat on this. Makes this a good over overall for India. Nine off it!;
40.5;1;Maxwell to Pant, 1 run length ball, and he goes back and punches this to the right of short cover;
40.4;2;Maxwell to Pant, 2 runs slower ball, straight, and he nurdles this towards midwicket, and zips through for the second;
40.3;1;Maxwell to Rahul, 1 run fuller ball, straighter, and he drives this towards wide long on;
40.2;1;Maxwell to Pant, 1 run nudges a length ball, angling into him towards midwicket. He wants two, but has to turn Rahul down as the fielder rushes on to this;
40.1;?;Maxwell to Pant, no run length ball, outside off, and he punches this towards short cover;
39.6;1;Jhye Richardson to Pant, 1 run angles across him, length ball, and he presses forward and flicks this towards backward square leg;
39.5;?;Jhye Richardson to Pant, no run angles across him, and he defends this towards point;
39.4;W;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, OUT full ball, wide and he gets an outside edge to this. It's been taken by Carey, and Kumara Dharmasena is sending it upstairs. The soft signal is out for caught behind. The replays don't look conclusive at first glance, but there needs to be conclusive evidence to overturn this, remember. It's given out, and there won't be a century no. 42 for Virat Kohli here. Still lots of batting to come, of course...;Virat Kohli c ?Carey b Richardson 7 (6b 1x4 0x6) SR: 116.66;
39.3;?;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, no run length, and comes back into him, and he cannot get any timing on an intended drive;
39.2;1;Jhye Richardson to Rahul, 1 run length, outside off, and he drops it towards third man with a roll of the wrists;
39.1;?;Jhye Richardson to Rahul, no run short, and he cuts it fiercely, but cannot beat point;
38.6;4;Behrendorff to Kohli, FOUR runs walks across a length ball, outside off, and flicks this one off his face down to fine leg. Quite a remarkable shot, this! But when do you associate Kohli with the ordinary...;
38.5;1;Behrendorff to Rahul, 1 run fuller ball, and he drives this on the up, gets it past short extra cover;
38.4;1;Behrendorff to Kohli, 1 run length, outside off, and he thrashes this through extra cover...but to the sweeper stationed for exactly this shot;
38.3;1;Behrendorff to Rahul, 1 run length ball, outside off, and he drops it towards extra cover with soft hands;
38.2;?;Behrendorff to Rahul, no run length ball, and he drops this at the crease as it comes back into him;
38.1;2;Behrendorff to Rahul, 2 runs length ball, comes back into him and he drops this towards square leg. Kohli wants two...and gets two. Good response from Rahul too;
37.6;2;Cummins to Kohli, 2 runs strays on to the pads, and he flicks this away towards long leg. The man at fine leg has some work to do to get to his left, but is able to cut this off;
37.5;?;Cummins to Kohli, no run Kohli starts with a trademark flick from a length ball at his pads, but it is fielded by short midwicket;
37.4;W;Cummins to S Dhawan, OUT GONE THIS TIME! Straightens into him as he shapes to hoick this over midwicket. Loses his shape, and it sneaks in between his bat and body and clips the top of middle. Standing ovation for a terrific ODI knock. Just never allowed the momentum of the innings to drop;Shikhar Dhawan b Cummins 143 (115b 18x4 3x6) SR: 124.34;
37.4;1w;Cummins to S Dhawan, 1 wide wider of the crease, angles across him, and misses the tramline down the leg side. Called wide, though he came close to getting some bat down to this. Would probably have flown over fine leg!;
37.3;?;Cummins to S Dhawan, no run shorter ball, strays down the pads and he looks to biff this down towards fine leg, but Carey stops it as it races away. Took a bit of glove, which is why it didn't go as fast as he wanted it to;
37.2;4;Cummins to S Dhawan, FOUR runs makes room, and slogs this one straight down the wicket. Pierces the gap between mid off and cover. Shot!;
37.1;1;Cummins to Rahul, 1 run length, and he stands up tall and punches this towards extra cover;
36.6;4;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, FOUR runs full, straight, and he biffs this towards midwicket. Almost stopped by the man down there, but he has allowed this to slip through his fingers;
36.5;6;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, SIX runs slower ball, and he moves away to the on side and then goes through with a lofted shot. Over wide long off;
36.4;4;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, FOUR runs full, and he flicks this beautifully off his pads. All the way through midwicket. Terrific timing...WOOF!;
36.3;1;Behrendorff to Rahul, 1 run fuller ball, angles into him, and he plays it late, guiding it down to third man;
36.2;?;Behrendorff to Rahul, no run length, and he is forced on to the back foot to defend this towards short midwicket;
36.1;?;Behrendorff to Rahul, no run fuller ball, straighter, and he is square up as he is forced to defend;
35.6;4;Cummins to S Dhawan, FOUR runs short, and he waits for this one, and swings it around to beat fine leg. Fine shot, especially because this was delivered north of 136kph. Top stuff, Shikhar!;
35.5;?;Cummins to S Dhawan, no run fuller, outside off, and he looks to drag this down the wicket, but hits it hard back on to the pitch. Cummins fields on his follow-through;
35.4;2;Cummins to S Dhawan, 2 runs walks across the stumps and glides a slower ball down towards long leg. It's gone wide of the man stationed there, to his left, and he sprints back for the second;
35.3;?;Cummins to S Dhawan, no run length, angles across him and he is forced to defend as it makes him jump with the extra bounce. Effort ball from Cummins;
35.2;4;Cummins to S Dhawan, FOUR runs short, and he swings this around to long leg. Bad ball, and he gives it due punishment;
35.1;1;Cummins to Rahul, 1 run length ball, and he drops it down to square leg to pinch a single;
34.6;1;Maxwell to Rahul, 1 run punched to long-on;
34.5;1;Maxwell to S Dhawan, 1 run bunts wide of point for a quick single;
34.4;4;Maxwell to S Dhawan, FOUR runs he seems to tell Rahul 'now that's how you play the reverse.' Beats the diving short third man fielder. Lovely touch, lovely timing.;
34.3;6;Maxwell to S Dhawan, SIX runs steps out, not quite to the pitch but goes through and clears deep cover. Amazing punch in the stroke.;
34.2;1;Maxwell to Rahul, 1 run tucks wide of short midwicket for a quick single;
34.1;?;Maxwell to Rahul, no run shot had the cheekiness of his Karnataka mate Robin Uthappa - a reverse paddle, but straight to short third man;
33.6;?;Zampa to S Dhawan, no run swept hard, but well stopped at short fine. Dhawan was blindly ambling until he suddenly saw Rahul's outstretched right hand saying 'nooooooooo';
33.5;1;Zampa to Rahul, 1 run walks into this drive to deep point;
33.4;?;Zampa to Rahul, no run fired full on leg stump, Rahul rooted to the crease but somehow nudges this;
33.3;?;Zampa to Rahul, no run gentle little nudge to short midwicket;
33.2;1;Zampa to S Dhawan, 1 run steps out, gets too close to the pitch but squeezes this to long-on;
33.1;1;Zampa to Rahul, 1 run drives this low full toss to deep cover;
32.6;?;Maxwell to S Dhawan, no run mistimes the drive to cover;
32.5;1;Maxwell to Rahul, 1 run steps out and wrists this to long-on;
32.4;2;Maxwell to Rahul, 2 runs rocks back and cuts to deep point, nice timing, Khawaja comes round the corner.;
32.3;?;Maxwell to Rahul, no run goes right back and across to nudge to the leg side;
32.2;1;Maxwell to S Dhawan, 1 run driven sweetly to deep cover;
32.1;1;Maxwell to Rahul, 1 run shortish ball on middle, punched to long-on;
31.6;4;Zampa to S Dhawan, FOUR runs paddled fine, too easy. There's the hundred, and the Gabbar celebration. Couldn't have asked for an easier delivery to get there. Too short, too much leg side and he got enough bat on it. Dhawan's 16th ODI ton;
31.5;1;Zampa to Rahul, 1 run gets to the pitch and drives to long-off;
31.4;1;Zampa to S Dhawan, 1 run the skiddy length ball on middle and off, works this across to long-on;
31.3;1;Zampa to Rahul, 1 run gentle push into the off side to get off the mark;
31.2;?;Zampa to Rahul, no run drift and sharp turn off a length on middle, tucked to the leg side;
31.1;1;Zampa to S Dhawan, 1 run shortish on off, punched to long-off;
30.6;W;Jhye Richardson to Rohit Sharma, OUT he's holed out to deep midwicket, no century for Rohit and Australia have a big breakthrough. This sat up for him to play the pull, intention right, execution a little off as he got it off the lower half of the bat. What a disappointment for the crowd;Rohit Sharma c Handscomb b Richardson 95 (92b 7x4 2x6) SR: 103.26;
30.5;4;Jhye Richardson to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs too short, and it was as if Rohit was waiting for it. Set himself up and walloped the pull when it arrived. These two going neck and neck;
30.4;1;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, 1 run flayed on the up to sweeper cover;
30.3;4;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, FOUR runs short, down leg and helped along one bounce to fine leg. Dhawan swiveled nicely;
30.2;2;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, 2 runs whips this into the gap at deep midwicket, long chase for Marsh and he manages to somehow pull it back in;
30.1;?;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, no run cramped for room, tucks to midwicket;
29.6;4;Finch to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs short, drifting in, Rohit pulls to beat short fine. Ends with a boundary to break the shackles.;
29.5;2;Finch to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs doesn't quite find the gap at deep square on the sweep, nicely timed though for a couple;
29.4;1;Finch to S Dhawan, 1 run mistimes this back, upset at missing out;
29.3;1;Finch to Rohit Sharma, 1 run whips this down to long-on;
29.2;2;Finch to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs slices this cut to pierce the gap between point and short third man;
29.1;1;Finch to S Dhawan, 1 run punched to long-off;
28.6;2;Jhye Richardson to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs punched to deep cover, lovely timing. Back for the second very easily;
28.5;1;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, 1 run length on off, punched to deep cover;
28.4;1;Jhye Richardson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run hits the thigh pad as Rohit attempts the Natraja shot - Left leg in the air, off his hip - towards deep square, rolls wide of the keeper;
28.3;4;Jhye Richardson to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs delightful timing! Length ball and he laces this on the up wide of cover. Allowed the ball to skide on;
28.2;2;Jhye Richardson to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs uses the width to smear this length ball towards deep point, superb effort by Marsh, running across and then flicking the ball back one-handed despite the momentum and balance taking him over the ropes. Relayed that superbly to the third man fielder who converged;
28.1;?;Jhye Richardson to Rohit Sharma, no run driven firmly but straight to mid-off;
27.6;1;Finch to Rohit Sharma, 1 run goes for the big hit, doesn't quite connect. Steps out and drags this one off a thick inside-edge to long-on;
27.5;1;Finch to S Dhawan, 1 run skids one through on a length, punched to long-on;
27.4;1;Finch to Rohit Sharma, 1 run driven with the spin to long-off, sensible;
27.3;?;Finch to Rohit Sharma, no run driven back to Finch, looped it up nicely there;
27.2;4;Finch to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs fiercely swept to deep square! Too short and down leg, Rohit picks that away without a trace of worry.;
27.1;?;Finch to Rohit Sharma, no run defended back as he tosses it up;
26.6;?;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, no run can't pierce the ring, straight to cover.;
26.5;1;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, 1 run tucks this nicely towards long leg;
26.4;?;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, no run drives by opening the bat face late to beat point, excellent stop to keep it to a single.;
26.3;?;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, no run slips one back in on a length from round the stumps, turned to short midwicket;
26.2;1;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, 1 run slapped to deep cover, too short and is lucky to get away with that;
26.1;?;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, no run length ball that nips back in from outside off, punched back to the bowler.;
25.6;?;Finch to Rohit Sharma, no run makes a hint of room and punches to cover.;
25.5;1;Finch to S Dhawan, 1 run waits for the turn and tucks this between square leg and midwicket;
25.4;1;Finch to Rohit Sharma, 1 run shortish outside off, punched to sweeper cover;
25.3;?;Finch to Rohit Sharma, no run keeps low, punches the length ball back;
25.2;1;Finch to S Dhawan, 1 run short, spinning in, tucked to short fine;
25.1;1;Finch to Rohit Sharma, 1 run eased with the spin to long-off;
24.6;1;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, 1 run tucks this wide of square leg, tight over.;
24.5;1;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, 1 run too short, he pulls all along to deep midwicket;
24.4;?;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, no run veers back in late, Dhawan surprised by the late movement, ball lobs nearly back to the bowler off an inside edge;
24.3;?;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, no run lack of width, looking to force that on the up but it rolls back off a thick inside edge.;
24.2;?;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, no run works across the line but straight to mid-on;
24.1;?;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, no run mistimes a forceful drive to mid-off;
23.6;1;Zampa to S Dhawan, 1 run punched to long-on;
23.5;?;Zampa to S Dhawan, no run hit on the pad as he looks to work it with the spin through square leg;
23.4;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run driven with the spin to long-off, Rohit has passed 3000 ODI runs in India. Average of 62. Incredible;
23.3;6;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs muscled over deep midwicket! Too short, asking for punishment.;
23.2;2;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs steps out but the length isn't quite there, steers into the gap at deep point. Excellent work by Handscomb;
23.1;?;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, no run drift and turn off a length on middle, he lunges forward and blocks;
22.6;?;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, no run hit high on the thigh pad as he looks to whip this square.;
22.5;1;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, 1 run nice and full on off from round the stumps, deflected to third man;
22.4;2;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs length on off, lovely flick of the wrists to pick it towards deep midwicket. Aggressive running, the boundary rider caught napping;
22.3;1;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, 1 run works this down to long-on. This is excellent cricket;
22.2;1;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, 1 run runs down to third man again for an easy single;
22.1;1;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, 1 run eased to square third man as they jog the single;
21.6;1;Zampa to S Dhawan, 1 run works this full delivery from outside off towards deep midwicket;
21.5;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run fired full and flat outside off, Rohit laces one to sweeper cover to bring up his 40th ODI half-century;
21.4;1;Zampa to S Dhawan, 1 run gets right to the pitch and bunts this down to long-off;
21.3;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run works this full toss to long-on;
21.2;1;Zampa to S Dhawan, 1 run slow turn off a length on middle and leg, worked wide of midwicket;
21.1;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run drifting into middle and leg, tucked behind square;
20.6;1;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, 1 run gentle bunt wide of cover for a quick single;
20.5;1;Maxwell to S Dhawan, 1 run driven with the spin to long-off;
20.4;1;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, 1 run too short, punched to deep point;
20.3;1;Maxwell to S Dhawan, 1 run eases with the spin to deep point;
20.2;?;Maxwell to S Dhawan, no run tucks this length delivery into the leg side.;
20.1;6;Maxwell to S Dhawan, SIX runs near repeat of the stroke he played in the previous over, except he's clobbered this into the stands at deep midwicket. Too short from Maxi, it's like inviting someone to have free lassis at Pal Dhaba in Chandigarh No one is going to refuse.;
19.6;?;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, no run steps out and belts this full toss back, Zampa parries this to cover as he bravely put his left hand out to stop. Must sting him for a bit;
19.5;?;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, no run yorker-length on middle, late drift in, jammed away;
19.4;1;Zampa to S Dhawan, 1 run googly, Dhawan waits, waits and then steers this length ball to deep point;
19.3;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run eased with the spin to long-off;
19.2;1;Zampa to S Dhawan, 1 run steps out, bowler shortens length, punched wide of mid-on;
19.1;?;Zampa to S Dhawan, no run tucks this back to the bowler;
18.6;1;Maxwell to S Dhawan, 1 run driven hard to long-off to keep strike;
18.5;4;Maxwell to S Dhawan, FOUR runs too short, and picked away! Pressure releases with that long hop as Dhawan hammers this over midwicket;
18.4;?;Maxwell to S Dhawan, no run nice flight, lands on off, driven back to Maxi;
18.3;?;Maxwell to S Dhawan, no run drifts into middle and leg, defended. Was looking to nudge it round the corner;
18.2;?;Maxwell to S Dhawan, no run Dhawan plays it towards mid-off, short cover runs around to intercept the push. Well done;
18.1;3;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, 3 runs slides one across, Rohit uses the depth of the crease to lace this behind point. Excellent work by Jhye, throwing himself to his right after running around from deep cover.;
17.6;1;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, 1 run short, outside off, and he punches this off the back foot towards extra cover;
17.5;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run length, straight, and he defends this from the crease;
17.4;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run length, outside off, 136.6kph, and he taps this towards point;
17.3;1lb;Cummins to S Dhawan, 1 leg bye short, hits him on the thigh pads, as he shapes to flick. Drops away towards square leg;
17.3;1w;Cummins to S Dhawan, 1 wide short, and he looks to have a swing towards fine leg. Down the leg side, and he will have to bowl this again. Carey does well to hold on to it;
17.2;1;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, 1 run length, outside off, and he pushes this towards extra cover;
17.1;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run shorter, outside off, and he looks to drive, but inside-edges this on to his pads. Rapid, at 138.9kph;
16.6;?;Zampa to S Dhawan, no run length ball, and he goes back and punches this to short cover;
16.5;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run short ball, but Rohit is happy to sit back and punch it down to long on;
16.4;1;Zampa to S Dhawan, 1 run fuller, straighter, and he presses forward to flick this towards deep midwicket;
16.3;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run length, angles in with the arm, and he punches this down the ground to long;
16.2;?;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball, that comes back in somewhat after pitching, and Rohit defends from the crease. Good ball, as it didn't turn at all, as Rohit anticipated;
16.1;1;Zampa to S Dhawan, 1 run flighted, towards his pads, and he makes some room and pushes this away wide of mid on;
15.6;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball, comes back into him, and he defends;
15.5;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run length, outside off, and he comes forward to drive this towards short cover;
15.4;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run short, outside off, and he looks to force this through the off side, but hits it hard on to the ground and fielded by short cover;
15.3;1;Cummins to S Dhawan, 1 run fuller, towards the legs, and he flicks this away towards long leg;
15.2;1;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, 1 run short, and he moves across the crease, hops on to his toes and flicks this away towards square leg;
15.1;1;Cummins to S Dhawan, 1 run short, down the leg side, and he glances it to fine leg;
14.6;?;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball, jags back and beats his defensive shot, but goes down the leg, evidently. Polite appeal, but Zampa moves on;
14.5;?;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball, keeps low as it turns away from him, and he plays a cut over it;
14.4;1;Zampa to S Dhawan, 1 run goes back and punches a length ball towards midwicket;
14.3;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run short again, and this time Rohit stands and just lobs this down towards long on;
14.2;1;Zampa to S Dhawan, 1 run short, and he goes back to launch this towards midwicket. There's fielder at backward square leg, where this ball goes though;
14.1;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run flights this outside off, and he drives this towards extra cover;
13.6;?;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, no run short, comes back into him at 134.4kph, and he defends from the crease;
13.5;2;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, 2 runs slower ball, straight at him, and he whips it off his pads towards midwicket. Not off the middle, but wide enough of long leg to get two on what is a fairly small outfield;
13.4;?;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, no run short, and angles into him. Dhawan has to rise up on his toes to defend this. Good ball!;
13.3;1;Jhye Richardson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run slower ball, outside off, and he runs it down towards third man. Bowled at just 113.8kph;
13.2;1;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, 1 run short ball, and he gets into position for the pull, but can only get it down towards long leg;
13.1;4;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, FOUR runs full, straight, and punches this down the ground to bring up FIFTY. Beats mid off comfortably. It's been a really good innings to watch;
12.6;1;Zampa to S Dhawan, 1 run presses forward and pushes a length ball towards short cover's right;
12.5;?;Zampa to S Dhawan, no run flighted, goes on with the angle again, and he presses forward and watchfully pushes it towards point;
12.4;?;Zampa to S Dhawan, no run length, goes on with the angle, and he goes back and punches this to mid on;
12.3;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run fuller, straighter, and he drives down to long on, eluding a diving Zampa's hands;
12.2;1;Zampa to S Dhawan, 1 run tossed up, and he drives this with the turn into him, down towards mid on;
12.1;?;Zampa to S Dhawan, no run length ball, angles into him, and he plays this towards short midwicket;
11.6;4;Jhye Richardson to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs full, down the pads, and he has flicked this away. Supreme placement, gets it between fine leg and backward square leg;
11.5;1;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, 1 run length, angles across him, and he punches this to the left of mid off. Sets off immediately, and makes it easily in the end;
11.4;?;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, no run shorter ball, angles across him at 135kph, and Dhawan ducks under this one;
11.3;1;Jhye Richardson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run length, angles into him, and he presses forward before flicking this towards square leg;
11.2;1;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, 1 run short, angles across him, and he punches this towards the sweeper at backward point;
11.1;1;Jhye Richardson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run short, angles into him, and he flicks this with soft hands towards square leg;
10.6;3;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, 3 runs length, outside off, and he drives this. The man at point is able to get his fingers to it, but cannot stop it from trickling towards backward point. They get three, as Australia have some trouble in sending the return in quickly enough;
10.5;1;Maxwell to S Dhawan, 1 run fuller, and he punches this towards long off;
10.4;1;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, 1 run fuller, and he punches this straighter ball towards midwicket;
10.3;?;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, no run fuller, wider and he punches this towards point;
10.2;2;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs fuller, and he drives this on the move forward, and gets two as it goes to the left of long off;
10.1;4;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs short, wide, and Rohit waits for it...and then punches this through extra cover, past point;
9.6;1;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, 1 run fuller, on the pads, and he can flick this away towards square leg;
9.5;1;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, 1 run short, and he swivel-pulls this away, but there's now protection at long leg;
9.4;1;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, 1 run shorter, angles across him, and he can just nudge this down towards third man;
9.3;?;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, no run length, straighter, and he defends this one from the crease;
9.2;6;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs fuller length, and he launches into this one. Just a half-step towards the ball and lifts this over long on. Good timing on this one!;
9.1;1;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, 1 run length, comes back into him, and he drives it towards cover and sets off for a quick single;
8.6;?;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, no run straight, down the pads, and he plays it away to short midwicket;
8.5;?;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, no run fuller, and this time he plays it late, but cannot beat short midwicket with a checked drive;
8.4;?;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, no run fuller, straighter, and again he drives straight to wide mid on;
8.3;?;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, no run fuller, and he drives this towards wide mid on;
8.2;?;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball, straighter, and he defends this back to the bowler;
8.1;?;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, no run fires this across Rohit, who drives but cannot beat short cover;
7.6;4;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, FOUR runs fuller, on the pads, and he whips this away towards midwicket. Wasn't far off from the short midwicket fieldsman, but this is good, positive batting from Dhawan;
7.5;4;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, FOUR runs length, just outside off, and he punches this through covers again. Timing...nothing but timing...;
7.4;?;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, no run fuller, straighter into him, and he launches into a fierce on-drive, but cannot beat mid on this time;
7.3;?;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, no run length, angles into him, and he presses forward to defend;
7.2;1;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, 1 run fuller, and he drives this towards point. A slight misfield from Khawaja at that position allows them to go through for a comfortable single;
7.1;1;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, 1 run length ball, angles into him, and he flicks this away towards long leg;
6.6;4;Jhye Richardson to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs length, but width, and Rohit this time eases into a gorgeous cover drive. Just transferred his weight into the shot, and it sped away;
6.5;?;Jhye Richardson to Rohit Sharma, no run fuller, towards the pads, and Rohit gets this away with a flick, but cannot beat square leg;
6.4;1;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, 1 run length, outside off, and he eases into yet another drive. Cummins at wide mid off dives away to his right to stop it from piercing the infield;
6.3;?;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, no run length, outside off, and he goes for a big shot but misses;
6.2;4;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, FOUR runs short, a bit of width, and he cuts this one sharply, bisecting a gap between point and short backward point;
6.1;?;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, no run length, and he punches this to short extra cover;
5.6;1;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, 1 run length, and he punches this again, and Shaun Marsh makes a good stop at short extra cover. Saves his team three!;
5.5;?;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, no run fuller, outside off, and he presses forward and defends this one. Times it sweetly, down to mid off;
5.4;4;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, FOUR runs length ball, and he just eases into a punch through extra cover. Terrific shot...Dhawan and only Shikhar looks like he's in a good mood today!;
5.3;1;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, 1 run length, straightens into him, and he tucks it off his pads towards square leg;
5.2;?;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball, and he defends after pressing forward;
5.1;?;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, no run length, angles across him, and he defends;
4.6;?;Cummins to S Dhawan, no run length, and he defends this from the crease as it angles across him;
4.5;?;Cummins to S Dhawan, no run presses forward and defends a length ball this time;
4.4;4;Cummins to S Dhawan, FOUR runs fuller, straighter, and this time he dismisses it with a flick of the wrists. Hits it through midwicket. Superb placement!;
4.3;?;Cummins to S Dhawan, no run length, and he goes back and drops it towards point;
4.2;4;Cummins to S Dhawan, FOUR runs shot! Full, straight, and he eases into a straight drive. Keeps it straight enough to give no chance to the man at cover (almost wide mid-off). Good timing;
4.1;2;Cummins to S Dhawan, 2 runs length, and he goes up on his toes and punches this through the covers. Jhye Richardson stops it sliding to his right, after chasing this from short cover;

Rishabh: "I shudder at the thought of Virat being ruled out of WC. But I have a feeling the rest of the batting would step up surely. Look at the Nidhas Trophy and Asia Cup last year. Bowlers are already doing more than enough."
 Innings Start
Time for the match presentation
Ashton Turner, Man of the Match for his 43-ball 84: Really lost for words, turned up to the ground, Stonis was doing a fitness test. Thought I'd be running drinks, but last minute to transition my mind from not playing to play....had a lot of opportunities to hit the ball, given the chance. Not every day you play this well as a team, was a great game, very fortunate to come out the right side. Batting is a lot of fun, there were a few close calls, I know I didn't nick the one that went upstairs, but heart was racing. Few drop catches, very fortunate. It doesn't always happen. Haydos has been great to me, privileged to get my cap from him, still nervous standing up and talking to him. He's spent a lot of time with me in the nets, was a brilliant player of spin bowling. He's a legend, great to sit down and chat with him. Nice to hear good words from him. Try my best to watch ball closely against spin, easier to watch than not watch it.
Aaron Finch: Well I thought that partnership between Usman and Handscomb was crucial, for Pete to get his first hundred was outstanding. I think when we chased 300 in Australia, we tried to go with the same process. There was no panic, we knew we could chase even it got to 10-12 an over, wanted to take the game deep. I think it's about guys taking opportunities. Ashton playing his second game, to play a knock like that was superb. Pete is playing his 16th or 17th game. Usman is coming back. For guys to take their chances is superb. Ashton has done it in the BBL, to take on two class death bowlers in the end was magnificent.
Virat Kohli: The wicket remained good throughout, we've fallen the wrong side of the dew in two games, but that's not an excuse. Five chances in the last few overs a hard spill to swallow. Ashton played a hell of a knock, Handscomb played a brilliant innings, Khawaja held the innings together.
On dew: Last game we were told there will be dew, got into the wrong side of that. Here, they just played better, have to accept. They chose the areas to hit and executed well. We wanted to bat first, there was no confusion. We had to get fifth bowler out of the way, if Kedar and Vijay were bowling with the dew it was difficult, we wanted to get their overs out of the way first before the dew. It became too wet to bowl towards the end, first part of the bowling was fine. In the end when these guys were going hard, it became.
Missed chances: Stumping chances crucial, we were sloppy in the field. DRS call was a surprise, it's just not consistent at all, it's becoming a talking point in every game. It's going to be a cracker, we've to be at our best, we've had two eye-openers against this Australian side. This is definitely going to hurt, going to hurt the right way.
Peter Handscomb to the host broadcaster: Lovely feeling, my role was to try to take it till the end as much as possible, pretty special. Uzzi and I didn't talk much, we just left each other to play our own games. Once the dew came on, we noticed there wasn't much spin, helped us play our natural game. Maxi played a beautiful role tonight, took the pressure off me. It was a critical innings in the grand scheme of things. Ashton Turner is an amazing player, we've seen what he's done in the BBL. He can so much confidence from that going forward.
9.36pm Who would've thought at 12 for 2 that Australia would pull one off? As well as Khawaja and Handscomb played in their monumental stand, the match-turner is Ashton Turner. A rookie, who was brought in only because of a niggle to Marcus Stoinis, has played the innings of his career yet to give Australia healthy selection headaches.
Upon reflection, India will realise how poor their senior bowlers were on the night. Bhuvneshwar Kumar's lack of match time showed, Jasprit Bumrah had an off day as he struggled to hit the lengths he has mastered, Rishabh Pant fluffed one straightforward stumping and another tough chance, Jadhav put down one, Dhawan too and all else in between contributed to his epic heist.
Much before Turner's knock, Handscomb use of his feet, particularly off Jadhav and Kuldeep, was particularly impressive. They decided to take the game deep, didn't lose sweat over the escalating asking rate. In the end, will be buoyed with how they won in the end.
47.5;2;Bumrah to Turner, 2 runs bunts this down to the vacant mid-on region, there is a huge gap and they hare across for the second. Turner, you beauty. Australia level series 2-2. This is Australia's highest-successful chase v India, fifth-highest overall. What a moment, what a game. What a knock;
47.4;W;Bumrah to Carey, OUT chipped and Dhawan takes the catch coming in from midwicket. Carey can't finish it off but he's played his part in this partnership. No slap of the thigh, Dhawan style. Tells you the situation of the game, doesn't it?;Alex Carey c Dhawan b Bumrah 21 (15b 2x4 0x6) SR: 140;
47.3;1;Bumrah to Turner, 1 run leading edge, rolls down to third man;
47.2;1;Bumrah to Carey, 1 run bunts this down to the point region;
47.1;4lb;Bumrah to Carey, 4 leg byes off the pad, down leg, races to the fine leg boundary. One blow away from victory now;
46.6;1;Bhuvneshwar to Carey, 1 run tucks this to square leg;
46.5;4;Bhuvneshwar to Carey, FOUR runs flicks this low full toss, no one at deep square. This has been a poor over from Bhuvi, lack of match practice showing. He's been off the radar tonight;
46.4;1;Bhuvneshwar to Turner, 1 run Dhawan drops a dolly at mid-off! Oh, dear. It's all happening. Low full toss, Bhuvi goes full and wide, Turner toe-ends it, it wasn't even travelling fast. Greasy hands, took it too easy. Pressure, pressure, pressure.;
46.3;4;Bhuvneshwar to Turner, FOUR runs walks across and helps this pull to deep backward square leg, couple of bounces to the ropes.;
46.2;2;Bhuvneshwar to Turner, 2 runs Jadhav puts a tough one down at deep midwicket! This mishit was dying on him, Jadhav late to pick it up, late to run in and so couldn't get underneath the delivery. Confused how deep he should've been at the boundary. Oh, dear. Lost control completely;
46.1;6;Bhuvneshwar to Turner, SIX runs clears long-on. The whip of his bottom hand, tremendous. Walks across and deposits this length ball over the ropes.;
45.6;1;Bumrah to Turner, 1 run steered down to third man;
45.5;6;Bumrah to Turner, SIX runs what a shot, what-a-shot. Walks across - the guts, the confidence - and scoops this full delivery and even clears fine leg. ABD would've been proud of that. Fielder inside the ring so the shot was on, had the extra pace, executed it beautifully.;
45.4;1lb;Bumrah to Carey, 1 leg bye superb ball, yorker right into his boot from round the stumps, deflects behind the stumps on the off side for a leg bye;
45.3;4;Bumrah to Carey, FOUR runs backs away and slaps this wide of point. Too much width, super timing. Square third man had no chance.;
45.2;2;Bumrah to Carey, 2 runs chopped down to Vijay coming in from deep cover again, superb running. 50 partnership off just 28 balls;
45.1;2;Bumrah to Carey, 2 runs makes room, Bumrah cramps him for room, but he still bunts it towards the man coming in from deep cover, super running;
44.6;6;Bhuvneshwar to Turner, SIX runs this has been walloped deep into the stands at cow corner, mind you that is a big boundary. Not much wrong with the delivery, it's all Turner's brilliance;
44.5;2;Bhuvneshwar to Turner, 2 runs squeezes the drive to deep backward point, Vijay comes around to cut that off;
44.4;4;Bhuvneshwar to Turner, FOUR runs pulled one bounce to the deep backward square leg fence, maiden ODI half-century for Turner . What a knock this is turning out to be;
44.3;6;Bhuvneshwar to Turner, SIX runs full toss that has been walloped over wide long-on, tremendous bottom-handed whip. Woah, sensational;
44.2;1lb;Bhuvneshwar to Carey, 1 leg bye goes full on leg stump as Carey tries to back away, deflects off the pad into the leg side.;
44.1;1;Bhuvneshwar to Turner, 1 run full, straight, outside off, squeezed to the edge of the ring at cover;
43.6;?;Chahal to Carey, no run beaten on the sweep. Hit on the body.;
43.5;2;Chahal to Carey, 2 runs forced through the line at extra cover, Vijay comes around the deep to cut that off;
43.4;1;Chahal to Turner, 1 run mistimes a hoick to the edge of the ring at midwicket;
43.4;1w;Chahal to Turner, 1 wide sees the batsman making room and fires it wide, beaten. India have reviewed a caught behind, but the impression I got is the batsman was through with the shot even before the ball arrived. But they'll look for stumping first, and then for caught behind. Stumping seems fine. They went up for stumping because the square leg umpire went up immediately. India have reviewed for caught behind. Replays confirm a big spike but it was after it passed the bat. End result is, wide.;
43.3;1;Chahal to Carey, 1 run right into the blockhole, Carey can just manage to squeeze it out somehow, but they hare a single as Pant under-arm flicks wide of the stumps;
43.2;1;Chahal to Turner, 1 run swing across the line exactly to the man there, at midwicket;
43.1;2;Chahal to Turner, 2 runs gentle bunt towards Vijay coming in from deep midwicket, super running;
43.1;1w;Chahal to Turner, 1 wide slips another one down leg possibly because of the wet ball, has to rebowl;
43.1;1w;Chahal to Turner, 1 wide Pant fluffs one down leg, another one goes begging! This one difted in, he's looking to tuck it fine but is overbalanced and well outside the crease. Oh, dear. Oh dear. Are India missing MS Dhoni behind the stumps or what? Pressure beginning to tell;
42.6;1;Bumrah to Turner, 1 run leading edge, thick one at that to third man;
42.5;4;Bumrah to Turner, FOUR runs makes room, uses the pace and glides this behind point. Pure timing and hand-eye coordination. Stunning.;
42.4;?;Bumrah to Turner, no run walks across to scoop fine but the length not there. Maybe Bumrah saw him premeditate and shortened his length. Beaten;
42.3;?;Bumrah to Turner, no run beaten as he looks to wallop this length ball across the line;
42.2;?;Bumrah to Turner, no run hits the hard length, angles one back in, defended back;
42.1;1;Bumrah to Carey, 1 run eases this full delivery to long-on;
41.6;6;Chahal to Turner, SIX runs he's clubbed that over long-on even though he didn't get to the pitch. Brute force;
41.5;3;Chahal to Carey, 3 runs fired full on the stumps, works it towards the vacant midwicket region. Having done all the hard work in running in, Rohit misfields because he overran the ball, so they get a third.;
41.4;1;Chahal to Turner, 1 run drilled to Rohit at deep cover;
41.3;?;Chahal to Turner, no run of a thick inside edge, but onto the pad. Looked to slap through cover.;
41.2;?;Chahal to Turner, no run looks to flatbat that but misses, beaten;
41.1;W;Chahal to Handscomb, OUT cleverly done by Chahal, wicket well-deserved and the danger man is gone! Saw him coming and threw it full and wide, Handscomb had to reach out to try and hit it over long-off, toe-ended it and Rahul took a simple catch running in.;Peter Handscomb c Rahul b Chahal 117 (105b 8x4 3x6) SR: 111.42;
40.6;?;Kuldeep to Turner, no run walks across and smothers this googly back to the bowler.;
40.5;1;Kuldeep to Handscomb, 1 run steps out and punches to deep cover;
40.4;2;Kuldeep to Handscomb, 2 runs wallops this full toss towards wide long-on where Kohli runs and puts in a dive to cut off two runs;
40.3;1;Kuldeep to Turner, 1 run swept from outside off towards substitute Jadeja at deep midwicket;
40.2;?;Kuldeep to Turner, no run flatter and drifting away, slapped to cover;
40.1;6;Kuldeep to Turner, SIX runs gets underneath the length and muscles this over the bowler's head.;
39.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Handscomb, no run beaten as he looks to work this slower ball towards midwicket;
39.5;4;Bhuvneshwar to Handscomb, FOUR runs right into the blockhole, Bhuvi will be anguished to see that squirt to the fine leg boundary off an inside edge. How unlucky. Did most things right with that. Oh, you luck man Handscomb. Would've been plumb had that pinned him on the boot;
39.4;1;Bhuvneshwar to Turner, 1 run backs away and slices this low full toss to deep cover;
39.3;2;Bhuvneshwar to Turner, 2 runs walloped across the line towards deep midwicket, aggressive running;
39.2;1;Bhuvneshwar to Handscomb, 1 run pulled from outside off towards deep midwicket;
39.1;1;Bhuvneshwar to Turner, 1 run bunts this down to the man coming in from long-on;
38.6;4;Kuldeep to Handscomb, FOUR runs pulled into the gap between deep midwicket and wide long-on;
38.5;?;Kuldeep to Handscomb, no run steps out to whip, but misses as Kuldeep shortens his length. Rolls to Pant, who can't grab the ball cleanly to effect the stumping. Huge opportunity missed;
38.4;1;Kuldeep to Turner, 1 run tucks this towards deep midwicket;
38.3;4;Kuldeep to Turner, FOUR runs swept one bounce to the deep midwicket boundary. Turner is turning on the heat.;
38.2;4;Kuldeep to Turner, FOUR runs hammered back past the bowler, fine shot. Got right to the pitch to smother the turn, long-off had no chance.;
38.1;?;Kuldeep to Turner, no run squirts this to midwicket;
37.6;1;Chahal to Turner, 1 run drilled down to long-off, hit flat.;
37.5;1;Chahal to Handscomb, 1 run steps out and gets inside the line to ease it to sweeper cover;
37.4;1;Chahal to Turner, 1 run works this down to long-on;
37.3;2;Chahal to Turner, 2 runs googly, skiddy one at that, worked to deep midwicket;
37.2;?;Chahal to Turner, no run flatter one on middle, tucked to the leg side;
37.1;1;Chahal to Handscomb, 1 run squirted off a thick inside edge to short fine leg;
36.6;1;Kuldeep to Handscomb, 1 run punched to long-off;
36.5;1;Kuldeep to Turner, 1 run gets a thick inside edge on this googly to midwicket, he was looking to punch through cover.;
36.4;?;Kuldeep to Turner, no run sharp turn from length outside off, tucked to square leg;
36.3;1;Kuldeep to Handscomb, 1 run steps out and squeezes this with the spin to deep midwicket;
36.2;1;Kuldeep to Turner, 1 run works this down to long-on to get off the mark;
36.1;W;Kuldeep to Maxwell, OUT huge appeal and gone! Maxwell's decision to switch hit hasn't worked, he reviews but it's a very optimistic one. Kuldeep lands this on a length on middle and off, Maxwell's almost sweeping like a left-hander at the point of impact, which is bang on middle. The leg stump was visible at the point of impact. Maxwell has to go. Ball tracking shows all three reds. Kuldeep with a telling blow.;Glenn Maxwell lbw b Kuldeep Yadav 23 (13b 2x4 1x6) SR: 176.92;
35.6;3;Chahal to Maxwell, 3 runs bowls it full and wide, swept from outside off towards wide long-on, three runs as Dhawan comes around, a touch slowly.;
35.5;6;Chahal to Maxwell, SIX runs he's walloped this over the ropes. Didn't get hold of the pull, lost his shape but still managed to clear. Too short, used the depth of the crease to rock back and play the shot he wanted.;
35.4;1;Chahal to Handscomb, 1 run fired full again, pushed to long-off;
35.3;1;Chahal to Maxwell, 1 run fired full, eased to long-off;
35.2;?;Chahal to Maxwell, no run drifts in and skids through to hit pad as Maxwell plays all around it, sliding down.;
35.1;2;Chahal to Maxwell, 2 runs ferocious sweep to deep midwicket, superb stop by Vijay sliding to his left;
34.6;1;Bhuvneshwar to Maxwell, 1 run turns this length ball from outside off to midwicket;
34.5;1;Bhuvneshwar to Handscomb, 1 run through with a half-hearted pull, but the ball rolls off the thin edge onto the body and to the off side. Maiden ODI century for Handscomb , terrific knock. Talk about making a statement. That should give him some wings and some miles later in the summer. Air miles to the UK, I mean.;
34.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Handscomb, no run sways out of the way of this slower bouncer outside off, in anticipation of it being called wide;
34.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Handscomb, no run back of a length angling into middle and leg, tucked to midwicket;
34.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Handscomb, no run bunts this to point, Maxwell was five steps down the pitch when he was sent back.;
34.1;1;Bhuvneshwar to Maxwell, 1 run punched to mid-off for a quick single;
33.6;1;Bumrah to Maxwell, 1 run swings blindly, gets a thick inside edge to midwicket. He was looking to hit this to the stands over long-on;
33.5;4;Bumrah to Maxwell, FOUR runs short, angling in and Maxwell helps this leg-stump delivery past the keeper to beat fine leg.;
33.4;?;Bumrah to Maxwell, no run backs away and slaps this length ball straight to point;
33.3;?;Bumrah to Maxwell, no run beauty! Zip off the pitch as it angles in, Maxwell beaten as he was looking to run it down;
33.2;4;Bumrah to Maxwell, FOUR runs wrists this wide of mid-on, tremendous use of the bottom hand to whip this from outside off. Wow, dazzling to say the least.;
33.1;W;Bumrah to Khawaja, OUT superb catch running in from fine leg! Bumrah peppers him with a short ball from round the stumps, Khawaja hurried onto the pull, clearly late on it and gets a top edge. Kuldeep was late to run in but he certainly wasn't in any dilemma about not going for the catch. It was dying on him when he threw himself forward, managed to cup his hands underneath the ball. Big moment in the game, a monumental stand has been broken, but that said, it may not be a bad thing for Australia as it brings in Maxwell's firepower.;Usman Khawaja c Kuldeep Yadav b Bumrah 91 (99b 7x4 0x6) SR: 91.91;
32.6;4;Jadhav to Handscomb, FOUR runs uses his feet, and drives this through covers. Terrific shot, takes him to 99;
32.5;1;Jadhav to Khawaja, 1 run reverse sweep again, and KL Rahul saves this at point, diving away to his right. Would have been four if he had missed this;
32.4;1;Jadhav to Handscomb, 1 run tossed up, and he takes it on the full and drives this down to long on;
32.3;6;Jadhav to Handscomb, SIX runs wallops another flat one on the stumps, and gets it over long on. Is this the over?;
32.2;6;Jadhav to Handscomb, SIX runs flat ball, and he comes down the track and hoicks this one straight back. SIX! Quite a remarkable shot, almost like a forehand crosscourt!;
32.1;1;Jadhav to Khawaja, 1 run takes a conventional lap to a fuller ball outside off, and gets it to short fine leg;
31.6;1;Bumrah to Khawaja, 1 run length, outside off, and he drives this towards point;
31.5;1;Bumrah to Handscomb, 1 run short, 142.4kph, and he swings this around to long leg;
31.4;1;Bumrah to Khawaja, 1 run length ball, straighter at him, and he drives this down to long on;
31.3;1;Bumrah to Handscomb, 1 run length, outside off, and he taps this towards extra cover and picks up a single;
31.2;?;Bumrah to Handscomb, no run length, and he drives this on the up, but cannot beat short cover;
31.1;1;Bumrah to Khawaja, 1 run length ball, on off stump, and he backs away and drives it towards backward point;
30.6;1;Jadhav to Khawaja, 1 run tossed up, outside off, and he drives this down to long on;
30.5;?;Jadhav to Khawaja, no run fired in outside off again, and he plays it away towards short cover;
30.4;?;Jadhav to Khawaja, no run length ball, goes for a cut and misses. Was fired in a bit quicker;
30.3;?;Jadhav to Khawaja, no run full ball, and he looks to sweep. Will they refer this? They do! He appeared to miss the ball, but it could have been spearing down leg. Remember, it's been given by Dharmasena, and Australia have reviewed this. No inside edge, and he did shuffle a long way across in looking to sweep. Down to the tracker now. Oh, it's missing by a mile!;
30.2;1;Jadhav to Handscomb, 1 run drags the length back seeing Handscomb advance, and he drives it towards extra cover;
30.1;1;Jadhav to Khawaja, 1 run fired low and wide, and he drives this towards extra cover;
29.6;1;Chahal to Khawaja, 1 run sharp turn back in as it pitches on leg, and he makes room to cut. Jams the bat down on it, and runs it down towards short fine leg;
29.5;1;Chahal to Handscomb, 1 run uses his feet, and hits a crisp low shot towards long on. Has Khawaja jumping out of the way of the speeding ball;
29.4;6;Chahal to Handscomb, SIX runs uses his feet to this, and deposits this a few rows back over long on. Top shot from Handscomb, and much-needed intent!;
29.3;1;Chahal to Khawaja, 1 run flighted, and he looks to go towards midwicket. Didn't time it well at all, and lucky, because it lands short of Kedar Jadhav at the fence there;
29.2;1;Chahal to Handscomb, 1 run uses his feet, and drives a length ball towards long on;
29.1;1;Chahal to Khawaja, 1 run plays the paddle lap sweep towards short third man;
28.6;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run uses his feet to drive this fuller ball outside off towards backward point;
28.5;1;Kuldeep to Handscomb, 1 run uses his feet to get to this, Kuldeep fires it wider, and he drives it straight towards long off;
28.4;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run fuller ball, and he runs this towards long on;
28.3;?;Kuldeep to Khawaja, no run tries to cut a short ball, but cannot beat point;
28.2;?;Kuldeep to Khawaja, no run fuller ball, outside off, and he is forced to play this towards point;
28.1;1;Kuldeep to Handscomb, 1 run drives a length ball towards long off;
27.6;?;Chahal to Khawaja, no run flatter, faster, and he is forced to defend this after shaping to cut;
27.5;?;Chahal to Khawaja, no run cuts a short ball, but cannot get enough timing on it to beat point;
27.4;1;Chahal to Handscomb, 1 run tossed up, and he takes it from outside leg towards long on;
27.3;?;Chahal to Handscomb, no run tries to over-hit a length ball, and can only find short cover;
27.2;1;Chahal to Khawaja, 1 run drives a length ball with the turn towards long on;
27.1;1;Chahal to Handscomb, 1 run inside-edges a full ball towards short fine leg;
26.6;?;Kuldeep to Khawaja, no run length, turns away, and he punches it off the back foot, but cannot beat point;
26.5;2;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 2 runs short, turns away from him, and he cuts this towards backward point. Some work to do for Jadhav, running away to his right, and they come back for the second;
26.4;1;Kuldeep to Handscomb, 1 run uses his feet to get to a length ball, and it turns a bit extra and takes the inner part of his bat as he drives. He is able to get it down to long on;
26.3;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run shimmies down the pitch to convert a length ball into a full toss, and hits it to long off;
26.2;?;Kuldeep to Khawaja, no run full toss, and he looks to reverse lap this...and only goes to short third man;
26.1;2;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 2 runs length, outside off, and he sweeps this firmly, in front of square. Vijay Shankar runs around from deep backward square leg and cuts this off;
25.6;?;Chahal to Handscomb, no run flighted, outside off, and he looks to swing this down towards midwicket. A bit of extra turn, and it beats his outside edge, and Pant makes a clean take this time;
25.5;?;Chahal to Handscomb, no run length, and he goes back and cuts, but Rohit Sharma cuts it off at point;
25.4;4;Chahal to Handscomb, FOUR runs length, and he fetches this from the middle stump and sweeps it away from short fine leg. Good shot!;
25.3;1;Chahal to Khawaja, 1 run uses his feet to skip down the pitch, and flick a length ball on the pads towards deep backward square leg;
25.2;1;Chahal to Handscomb, 1 run uses his feet to a length ball outside off, and flicks this towards deep midwicket;
25.1;2;Chahal to Handscomb, 2 runs chip shot, inside out, to a length ball, outside off, and it eludes the man at long off, allowing enough time to get through for two;
24.6;?;Kuldeep to Khawaja, no run flighted outside off, and he looks to drive. Takes the outer edge and rolls down to Bumrah at short third man;
24.5;?;Kuldeep to Khawaja, no run short, and he goes back and tries to hoick this towards midwicket. Inside-edges this on to his pads. Didn't miss the stumps by much!;
24.4;1;Kuldeep to Handscomb, 1 run uses his feet to a length ball outside off, and forces this towards extra cover;
24.3;3;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 3 runs short ball, and he back-cuts this, and Bumrah makes a mess of looking to field it. Almost pops this down to the third man boundary;
24.2;1;Kuldeep to Handscomb, 1 run tossed up, and he comes forward looking to flick this. Do they want to review this? Pant suggesting there could have been some bat on this. Kohli wonders for a bit, but allows this to pass. Struck him on the pad, and clearly in line. Just an inside edge, though;
24.1;?;Kuldeep to Handscomb, no run short, and he goes back to punch this, but cannot beat short cover;
23.6;1;Chahal to Handscomb, 1 run short, and he goes back and chops this one away on the off side, towards backward point;
23.5;1lb;Chahal to Khawaja, 1 leg bye tossed up, and he looks to flick. The ball comes off his pads, and beats Pant, who was busy appealing. Good ball and unluckily to concede runs...;
23.4;1;Chahal to Handscomb, 1 run tossed up, and he sweeps this. The ball stops on him a bit and skews towards deep backward square leg;
23.3;?;Chahal to Handscomb, no run fuller ball, he goes back looking to guide this towards third man. It comes off the outside edge, and hits Pant on the leg. Can't call this a chance...;
23.2;1;Chahal to Khawaja, 1 run uses his feet to get closer to a length ball tossed up outside off, and flicks this wristily towards midwicket;
23.1;2;Chahal to Khawaja, 2 runs tossed up, around his leg stump, and he shuffles across and guides this down towards fine leg with a fine lap shot;
22.6;?;Kuldeep to Handscomb, no run makes room, the ball turns away from him, and he cuts it straight towards point;
22.5;?;Kuldeep to Handscomb, no run tossed up, and he presses forward to defend this towards short midwicket;
22.4;?;Kuldeep to Handscomb, no run fuller ball, on off, he sweeps this, but gets an inside edge on to the ground, and his boot;
22.3;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run fuller ball, on the pads, and he drives this down the ground towards wide long on;
22.2;1;Kuldeep to Handscomb, 1 run full toss again, and he sweeps this one but cannot beat long leg;
22.1;4;Kuldeep to Handscomb, FOUR runs full toss on off stump, and he guides this from outside off stump to the leg side...and finds the gap between long leg and deep backward square leg!;
21.6;1;Chahal to Handscomb, 1 run tossed up, he uses his feet and gets this down to long on;
21.5;2;Chahal to Handscomb, 2 runs flighted, on the leg stump, and he lofts this over the infield on the on side and picks up two before deep midwicket can get around to field this;
21.4;1;Chahal to Khawaja, 1 run flighted, and he uses his feet to skip to it, before flicking it away towards deep midwicket;
21.3;4;Chahal to Khawaja, FOUR runs tossed up, and he pulls out the reverse sweep this time. Gets it past the infield, and it rolls away to the backward point fence. Was fired in quicker, and he just used the pace on it to guide it with his wrists;
21.2;1;Chahal to Handscomb, 1 run short, and wide, and he cuts this towards the sweeper at the backward point fence;
21.1;?;Chahal to Handscomb, no run flatter, straighter, and he goes back to cut this towards point;
20.6;?;Kuldeep to Khawaja, no run tossed up, and he drives this back with the turn back at Yadav;
20.5;?;Kuldeep to Khawaja, no run goes for the reverse sweep to a length ball outside off, and misses out on contact. Polite appeal;
20.4;1;Kuldeep to Handscomb, 1 run chips down the wicket and check-drives a length ball in the air...but safely towards long off;
20.3;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run flighted, in his arc, and he drives this through covers;
20.2;2;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 2 runs reverse sweep to a length ball, and gets it towards backward point. The man there has to run to his right, and they pick up two;
20.1;1;Kuldeep to Handscomb, 1 run short, and he goes back to one that turns into him and cuts it away from in front of leg stump towards point;
19.6;4b;Chahal to Khawaja, 4 byes length, turns back in, and beats the inside edge. Just misses off stump, and beats Pant too! Tentative forward prod from Khawaja;
19.5;1;Chahal to Handscomb, 1 run uses his feet to get to a length ball, and plays it down the ground towards long on;
19.4;1;Chahal to Khawaja, 1 run short, and he rocks back and biffs this towards deep midwicket. It actually bounces short of the fielder stationed in the deep;
19.3;?;Chahal to Khawaja, no run tossed up, wide of off, and he presses forward to defend this;
19.2;1;Chahal to Handscomb, 1 run flatter, straighter, 86.1kph, and he pushes this towards long on;
19.1;2;Chahal to Handscomb, 2 runs tosses this up on leg stump, Handscomb uses his feet and glides this down towards fine leg;
18.6;?;Jadhav to Khawaja, no run flighted, and he defends a length ball;
18.5;1;Jadhav to Handscomb, 1 run tossed up, and he drives this off middle stump towards midwicket;
18.4;1;Jadhav to Khawaja, 1 run tossed up, and he goes back to tuck this away towards square leg;
18.3;1;Jadhav to Handscomb, 1 run tossed up, and he drives this towards long off;
18.2;1;Jadhav to Khawaja, 1 run tossed up wide, and he drives this square towards backward point;
18.1;4;Jadhav to Khawaja, FOUR runs tossed up, and he gets down on his knee and sweeps this very well. Places it between fine leg and deep backward square leg. Top shot!;
17.6;1;Shankar to Khawaja, 1 run full, wide and he drives this through extra cover. Fifty for Khawaja!;
17.5;1;Shankar to Handscomb, 1 run dragged short, down the leg side, and Handscomb biffs it away, but cannot place it beyond long leg;
17.4;1;Shankar to Khawaja, 1 run fuller, and he drives this from outside off down to long on;
17.3;?;Shankar to Khawaja, no run length ball, jumps off a good length as it angles across him. He wants to run this through third man, but it just eludes his edge before going through to Pant;
17.2;4;Shankar to Khawaja, FOUR runs length ball, on the pads, and he whips this away towards long leg. Kuldeep puts in the slide, and cannot prevent a boundary, as his left foot touches the rope as he looks to stop this;
17.1;?;Shankar to Khawaja, no run length ball, angles across him from middle to off, and he drives it to mid off;
16.6;1;Jadhav to Khawaja, 1 run wide of the crease, flatter and straighter, and he punches it through covers. Virat Kohli tries valiantly to stop this away to his left, but can't;
16.5;?;Jadhav to Khawaja, no run flighted, and he drives this towards short cover;
16.4;3;Jadhav to Handscomb, 3 runs slow, hangs outside off, and he dabs this away towards backward point. Good effort from Vijay Shankar who chases it down from point, and pulls it back for a colleague. They pick up three, though;
16.3;1;Jadhav to Khawaja, 1 run tossed up, and Khawaja takes it on the full outside off, drives it away to backward point;
16.2;1;Jadhav to Handscomb, 1 run tossed up, but down leg side. He goes for the sweep, and gets it down to fine leg;
16.1;4;Jadhav to Handscomb, FOUR runs length ball, and he skips down the wicket and whips this through midwicket. Takes it over the infield, and places it well between long on and deep midwicket;
15.6;4;Shankar to Khawaja, FOUR runs super stroke that! Too full and he laces this through the covers, sublime timing.;
15.5;1;Shankar to Handscomb, 1 run sliding into the pads, worked nicely down to deep midwicket;
15.4;1;Shankar to Khawaja, 1 run too full on the pads, whipped to deep midwicket;
15.3;1;Shankar to Handscomb, 1 run makes room and squeezes the drive to mid-off for a quick single;
15.2;?;Shankar to Handscomb, no run walks into the stroke as he punches this to mid-off;
15.1;1;Shankar to Khawaja, 1 run works this against the line towards midwicket;
14.6;1;Jadhav to Khawaja, 1 run punches into the gap at cover for a single to keep strike;
14.5;1;Jadhav to Handscomb, 1 run steps out and works this down to long-on;
14.4;1;Jadhav to Khawaja, 1 run once again fired full, squeezed wide of point;
14.3;?;Jadhav to Khawaja, no run fired full, Jadhav rooted to the crease as he pushes at the delivery, squirted to point;
14.2;1;Jadhav to Handscomb, 1 run driven through the line to long-off.;
14.1;?;Jadhav to Handscomb, no run backs away to cut, ends up chopping it to the covers.;
13.6;1;Shankar to Handscomb, 1 run length on middle and leg, works to deep midwicket;
13.5;1;Shankar to Khawaja, 1 run wrists this to deep midwicket where Chahal comes in;
13.5;1w;Shankar to Khawaja, 1 wide walks into the stroke to whip this square but Vijay bowls this way outside leg;
13.4;?;Shankar to Khawaja, no run looked to play a short-arm jab but was cramped for room, deflects off the thigh pad to the keeper on the bounce. Stifled appeal from Vijay but it pitched well outside leg.;
13.3;1;Shankar to Handscomb, 1 run slower length ball, punched to long-on;
13.2;1;Shankar to Khawaja, 1 run works this off length towards wide long-on;
13.1;1;Shankar to Handscomb, 1 run back of a length on off, punched to deep point;
12.6;1;Kuldeep to Handscomb, 1 run gets outside the line of the stumps this time, rolls his wrists over the delivery to keep this sweep all along the ground to fine leg;
12.5;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run punched to deep cover;
12.4;1;Kuldeep to Handscomb, 1 run sweeps dangerously to a full delivery on the stumps, gets a thick inside edge to deep square;
12.3;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run works this down to long-on;
12.2;1;Kuldeep to Handscomb, 1 run dipped on him but he works it with the spin nonetheless to mid-on;
12.1;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run drops short, he makes room and cuts to deep point;
11.6;1;Shankar to Khawaja, 1 run works this length ball on middle to long-on;
11.5;?;Shankar to Khawaja, no run eased straight to point, tight line. Good start so far for Vijay;
11.4;1;Shankar to Handscomb, 1 run punched down to long-on;
11.3;1;Shankar to Khawaja, 1 run driven nicely to deep point, opened the bat face late to pick the gap.;
11.2;?;Shankar to Khawaja, no run nice and full on the stumps, punched back. Good stop off his own bowling;
11.1;1;Shankar to Handscomb, 1 run sprays one onto the pads, flicked to deep midwicket;
10.6;1;Kuldeep to Handscomb, 1 run steps out and drives to long-off;
10.5;?;Kuldeep to Handscomb, no run makes room and cuts to short third man, this one didn't come on at all. Stopped just a touch;
10.4;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run cut away to deep point, too short again;
10.3;1;Kuldeep to Handscomb, 1 run shortish delivery on middle and leg, whips to deep square;
10.2;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run cuts to deep point;
10.1;1;Kuldeep to Handscomb, 1 run steps out and drives to mid-off, got to the pitch nicely;
9.6;?;Shankar to Khawaja, no run chipped but well short of mid-on and they'll scamper a run;
9.5;1;Shankar to Handscomb, 1 run sublime drive, sublime timing, outstanding fielding by Kohli at mid-off to stop a certain boundary;
9.4;1;Shankar to Khawaja, 1 run works this off a thick inside edge to mid-on for a quick single;
9.3;2;Shankar to Khawaja, 2 runs just short of mid-on! Fell over awkwardly did Bumah as he dived forward to catch this mishit.;
9.2;?;Shankar to Khawaja, no run gentle away-movement from length on off, pushed to mid-off;
9.1;?;Shankar to Khawaja, no run length ball on the stumps, punched to mid-off;
8.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Handscomb, no run slower length ball on off, punched to mid-off.;
8.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Handscomb, no run superb stop by Rohit, diving to his left to stop this one-handed at cover. Was smashed on the up;
8.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Handscomb, no run off a thickish inside edge to mid-on, this one thudded into the bat;
8.3;1;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, 1 run whips this to deep square;
8.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, no run gets half a stride in and defends. Presumably to negate any late movement Bhuvi may get here;
8.1;4;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, FOUR runs walks into the stroke as he flicks through midwicket. Manufactured the length because of the couple of steps he took. Superb. If I was the DJ, I'd play the bollywood sound track Khawaja mere khawaja for that;
7.6;?;Bumrah to Handscomb, no run punched on the up but straight to point;
7.5;?;Bumrah to Handscomb, no run defends this length ball on the stumps with soft hands;
7.4;1;Bumrah to Khawaja, 1 run eases to third man;
7.3;4;Bumrah to Khawaja, FOUR runs imperious! Balance and timing superb as he flicks him nonchalantly through midwicket. Too full and drifting into the pads this time;
7.2;4;Bumrah to Khawaja, FOUR runs excellent pick up shot. Length on the pads and he whips this uppishly through square leg. Too straight;
7.1;?;Bumrah to Khawaja, no run slants one full, firm push to mid-off;
6.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Handscomb, no run uppish but lands short of mid-on. Was looking to work this cross-seam length ball from outside off through midwicket;
6.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Handscomb, no run gets half-forward and pushes to mid-off;
6.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Handscomb, no run drives using the full face, Bhuvi deflects it to mid-on. Khawaja, backing up too far, had to dive to get back in. Would've been out had Bhuvi deflected this onto the stumps;
6.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Handscomb, no run punches this length ball to mid-off;
6.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Handscomb, no run length on off, punched to Rohit at cover;
6.1;1;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, 1 run steered down to third man;
5.6;?;Bumrah to Handscomb, no run toe-ends the drive to cover point;
5.5;1;Bumrah to Khawaja, 1 run steered down to square third man;
5.4;1;Bumrah to Handscomb, 1 run eases this down to square third man;
5.3;1;Bumrah to Khawaja, 1 run off a thick inside edge onto the pad, rolls to square leg. Was rooted to the crease trying to whip this full delivery;
5.2;3;Bumrah to Handscomb, 3 runs works this off his pads, timing superb and it keeps gathering speed. Dhawan in pursuit, sliding stop as he runs back from square leg;
5.1;1;Bumrah to Khawaja, 1 run lovely on-drive, mid-on parries it to mid-off on the dive, single.;
4.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Handscomb, no run defends this incoming length ball solidly;
4.5;4;Bhuvneshwar to Handscomb, FOUR runs delightful punch on the up through extra cover, tracer bullet stuff;
4.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Handscomb, no run stands tall and punches this to mid-off;
4.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Handscomb, no run shows the full face of the bat to defend this;
4.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Handscomb, no run skiddy length ball back into middle and leg, defended;
4.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Handscomb, no run pushed back towards mid-on, mix-up but they don't take a run in the end and rightly so;
3.6;?;Bumrah to Khawaja, no run gets it off a thick inside edge to short midwicket;
3.5;1;Bumrah to Handscomb, 1 run thick edge again as he looks to punch, Jadhav didn't have to move an inch at third man;
3.4;4;Bumrah to Handscomb, FOUR runs toe-ends a push, chopped down to third man where Jadhav was caught napping. Off the mark with a streaky boundary;
3.3;W;Bumrah to Marsh, OUT goes right through him! Goes wide of the crease, bowls full and gets it to angle away, Marsh plays outside the line and ends up getting yorked nearly. This one tailed in just a hint to sneak through to crash into the stumps.;Shaun Marsh b Bumrah 6 (10b 1x4 0x6) SR: 60;
3.2;1;Bumrah to Khawaja, 1 run runs it down to third man;
3.1;?;Bumrah to Khawaja, no run looks to drive through cover, not quite to the pitch. The inside edge rolls to short midwicket;
2.6;4;Bhuvneshwar to Marsh, FOUR runs delightful drive. Too much width, Marsh forces this into the gap between point and cover.;
2.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Marsh, no run bunts this down to point;
2.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Marsh, no run opens him up with the late movement from middle, defended nonetheless;
2.3;1;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, 1 run steered to square third man as they jog the single;
2.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, no run nice and full on off, driven to mid-off. Not much movement in the air this time for Bhuvi;
2.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, no run right behind the line as he defends;
1.6;1;Bumrah to Khawaja, 1 run drives, gets a thick inside edge to fine leg. Lucky break;
1.5;1;Bumrah to Marsh, 1 run gets a thick edge all along the ground to third man;
1.4;?;Bumrah to Marsh, no run shortens his length a hint, takes it across, left alone. On the bounce to Pant;
1.3;?;Bumrah to Marsh, no run fuller and straighter on middle, defended back;
1.2;?;Bumrah to Marsh, no run short of length delivery angling away, Marsh leaves;
1.1;?;Bumrah to Marsh, no run gets this to slant across on a length, left alone;
0.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, no run zips one across, left alone;
0.5;1;Bhuvneshwar to Marsh, 1 run nice and full on off, pushed to mid-off, gets off the mark immediately.;
0.4;W;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, OUT knocked him over! Bhuvi, you beauty. Age-old issues against the moving ball, especially the big inswinger for Finch. This is full, starts from outside off but nips back in to sneak through the huge gap between bat and pad. Crashes into the leg stump.;Aaron Finch b Kumar 0 (2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
0.3;1;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, 1 run tucks this wide of midwicket for an easy single;
0.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, no run angles one across, left alone. No swing;
0.2;1w;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, 1 wide searching for swing but bowls this full and down leg, wide.;
0.1;1lb;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, 1 leg bye raps him the pad, appeal, not out. Hooping the ball back in a long way, Finch plays all around it but the ball deflects off the thigh pad for a leg bye;

Bhuvi Kumar with the new ball. Just the one wide slip in the cordon. Finch, who he dismissed on each of the three ODIs in Australia, is on strike
5.40pm Welcome back. Not too far from the start of Australia's chase. A target of 359 - something Indian fans still feel terrorised about - after all those years...yes, the 2003 World Cup final, seems possible these days. In fact you'd give teams an even chance to chase it down. Felt impossible at the time. Australia will need one of their top four to score big. Whose turn is it tonight? Sidharth Monga expects this wicket to play true. Throw in dew and Australia will have an ace card up their sleeve should they bat sensibly.
 Innings Start
India
Australia
4th ODI (D/N), Mohali, Mar 10 2019, Australia tour of India
358/9
359/6
Player of the match is Ashton Turner, AUS
Australia won by 4 wickets (with 13 balls remaining)
