Data
White was 45 when the 48th over started, and he finishes on 89. He blasted 70 of his final 24 balls. At one stage, there were questions over whether Australia would reach 250, they ended up on 289. Last five overs cost India 84 runs. White's hitting has overshadowed what was a well-paced, determined innings from Clarke, who ends unbeaten on 111. He and Hussey steadied Australia with a 144-run stand after the openers fell cheaply, before White left India facing a tough target.
A plethora of exclamation marks from Paras: "Speechless. At first I thought that maybe Aussies would reach 250-260. But Cameron White had other ideas. Hope Yuvi plays a blinder today!!!!"
Kunal David: "What an innings, a game changer!"
Billy is a satisfied Australian fan: "I think that display just proved Australia's dominance in the ODI format. Imagine if Warner and Watson, what should be our first choice opening pair, were at the top of the order..."
Jason points out: "There were only 9 dot balls in the last 10 overs. First rule of batting is to keep the scoreboard ticking over!"
There is some support (and plenty of unflattering feedback) for Vinay Kumar, after the hammering he received today. Ravi says: "Vinay Kumar should still be persisted after today's pasting as Vinay has got the potential to be the next Javagal Srinath for India,lets hope this will be a good learning curve."
And there are plenty of people questioning why Vinay was given the final over.
White's hitting has also stopped all mails about the new Indian jersey. India may have got off to a good start, but it is Australia who have ended their innings on a high. Here's a look back in our Gallery.
6.25pm: Still 20 minutes to go for the chase to start. Time enough for you to check out our free Chrome extension.
And if you missed any of the action, here's Sriram Veera's bulletin to take you through everything that's happened so far.
Annoyed your comment wasn't published during the ball-by-ball commentary. Let the world know what you have to say on our Facebook page.
This is Siddarth Ravindran on commentary, I'm off to get some coffee. Back in 20 minutes.
49.6;6;Vinay to White, SIX runs The perfect finish for Australia, six more, but a delicate six (if that's possible), a low full toss and White's timing to get that away beyond midwicket was sensational, totally different to the previous shot which was a brute force hit;
49.5;6;Vinay to White, SIX runs Brutality, another full toss and White hammers that one over midwicket, a flat, powerful hit for six more, Vinay Kumar can't wait for this to end;
49.4;?;Vinay to White, no run Vinay gets away with a length ball well outside off, White had moved away from the stumps and doesn't offer a stroke;
49.3;4;Vinay to White, FOUR runs White wants to repeat that shot but gets a thick inside edge and that runs away past Dhoni to fine leg for four;
49.2;6;Vinay to White, SIX runs Wow, White gets a gift from his Royal Challengers Bangalore team-mate, a juicy full toss and White has the spectators scurrying by depositing that in the second tier beyond long-on;
49.1;1;Vinay to Clarke, 1 run a yorker just outside off, Clarke looks to get it away to point, hits the bottom of the bat and rolls to the off side;
48.6;?;Nehra to White, no run dot ball to end Nehra's spell, White doesn't get bat on ball and Dhoni collects;
48.5;4;Nehra to White, FOUR runs Australia making merry, India's perennial failing at the haunts them, a low full toss on the pads, White places that wides of long-off to pick up four more;
48.4;2;Nehra to White, 2 runs White wants a six every ball now, makes room and looks to clear deep extra cover, again the ball lands short of the fielder;
48.3;2;Nehra to White, 2 runs White again throws his bat, looking to clobber the ball, doesn't get hold of it and it flies towards deep backward point;
48.2;1;Nehra to Clarke, 1 run pushed towards cover for a single;
48.1;6;Nehra to Clarke, SIX runs another six, Australia turning it on here, this time it is Clarke, gets on knee and powerfully sweeps that one beyond deep midwicket, biggest six so far;
45.6;1;Vinay to White, 1 run White brings out the lofted straight hit again, not enough power on it this time, gets to the fielder at long-on on the bounce;
45.5;1;Vinay to Clarke, 1 run Clarke gets to his fifth ODI century, he's had a wretched Test series, great start to his ODI series though, turned the ball towards midwicket for the single that brings up the landmark;
45.4;4;Vinay to Clarke, FOUR runs Clarke moves to 99, a lovely shot from Clarke, makes room again and cut the short of length ball towards sweeper cover, this is turning into a very expensive over;
45.3;4;Vinay to Clarke, FOUR runs Clarke joins in the fun, nearly takes the head of Billy Bowden as Clarke comes down the track and clubs the ball straight back, Bowden goes down quickly and he needed to, he would have had to retire hurt otherwise, Bowden takes a moment to compose himself;
45.2;1;Vinay to White, 1 run drilled down to long-on for a single this time;
45.1;6;Vinay to White, SIX runs and he is invited by a humongous straight hit, a length ball in the slot, white says thank you and that six brings up the 50 stand;
44.6;1;Praveen to White, 1 run fullish ball on the pads, guided to deep midwicket for a single;
44.5;1;Praveen to Clarke, 1 run Ashwin dives to his left at short fine to cut off Clarke's shot, it was a legstump delivery that Clarke seemed to have put away for four, Praveen is happy with that bit of fielding;
44.4;1;Praveen to White, 1 run length ball on middle, turned towards midwicket by White;
44.3;4;Praveen to White, FOUR runs finally White gets the boundary he has been searching for, makes room and absolutely hammers it past long-off for four, the power on that stroke was awesome;
44.2;1;Praveen to Clarke, 1 run a yorker on the pads, whipped towards deep square leg;
44.1;?;Praveen to Clarke, no run boundaries remain elusive for Australia, Clarke gets a single to the leg side;
47.6;6;Praveen to White, SIX runs another massive six, again straight down the ground, the spectators better watch out, this time the ball lands in a lawn sort of area and doesn't bounce into the stands;
47.5;1;Praveen to Clarke, 1 run;
47.4;1;Praveen to White, 1 run another full toss, steered wide of mid-on for a single;
47.3;6;Praveen to White, SIX runs typical White stroke to bring up his half-century, lovely flowing hit straight over the bowler's head and towards the sightscreen, injures a spectator as well, it bounces by the side of the sightscreen and bounced sharply onto the first tier, taking an elderly man by surprise, hit in the face, he's getting some medical assistance now;
47.2;1;Praveen to Clarke, 1 run full toss outside off this time, Clarke had moved away from leg, threw his bat at it, can't get it past point;
47.1;1;Praveen to White, 1 run rubbish delivery to start, full toss outside leg, White manages to place it to deep backward square leg, Praveen lucky that was guided for a boundary;
46.6;1;Nehra to White, 1 run last ball of the Powerplay is defended towards short cover for a single, 49 runs in the last five overs;
46.5;4;Nehra to White, FOUR runs another boundary behind the wicket for White, this time it was intentional, a fullish delivery, White backed away and opened the face to guide the ball past the short third man for four;
46.4;4;Nehra to White, FOUR runs White comes down the track again, searching for the straight hit again, gets an inside edge that sneaks past the keeper for a boundary;
46.3;1;Nehra to Clarke, 1 run short of length on the pads, tucked towards short fine leg;
46.2;1;Nehra to White, 1 run Nehra keeps it full, eased along the ground towards long-off;
46.1;2;Nehra to White, 2 runs overpitched delivery, driven crisply along the ground, back past the bowler, Tiwary runs across from long-on to cut it off;
43.6;2;Nehra to White, 2 runs this time White makes contact as he attempts the lofted drive, not enough power to take it over the rope, Raina nearly pulls of a brilliant, diving catch at long-off, can't hang on, but does enough to prevent the ball from good for a boundary, Raina made plenty of ground and should actually have gone for it with both hands, he stuck out his right hand and the ball didn't stick;
43.5;1;Nehra to Clarke, 1 run shortish ball on middle stump, Clarke moves away from legstump, driven down the track;
43.4;1;Nehra to White, 1 run White makes room and plays the ball towards short third man;
43.3;?;Nehra to White, no run a full toss outside off, an outside edge as White attempts his favourite lofted drive towards deep extra cover, ball bounces before reaching the keeper;
43.2;1;Nehra to Clarke, 1 run on middle and leg, whipped towards the leg side for a single;
43.1;1;Nehra to White, 1 run on legstump, batsman moves towards off and tucks the ball towards short fine, Vinay makes a despairing dive to save his team three runs;
42.6;1;Vinay to White, 1 run a full toss to end the over, on middle and leg, again White had moved away from the stumps, again he punches it down to long-off for a single, good over for India that, Australia still searching for the next gear;
42.5;1;Vinay to Clarke, 1 run again a slower ball, 101.5kmh, length ball, Clarke gets forward and plays the ball towards long-on;
42.4;1;Vinay to White, 1 run a good-looking stroke from White for a single, a fullish ball on middle and leg, White moved away from leg stump, driven along the ground to long-off;
42.3;1;Vinay to Clarke, 1 run slower ball from Vinay, short of length and outside off, Clarke comes down the track and plays it to the right of Vinay, who dives but can't get a hand on the ball;
42.2;?;Vinay to Clarke, no run length ball angling into leg, Clarke comes down the track and punches the ball towards extra cover, yet another fumble, both batsman made it nearly halfway down the pitch before turning back;
42.1;1;Vinay to White, 1 run slow, length ball outside off, White plays it uppishly towards mid-off for a single;
41.6;?;Nehra to Clarke, no run 'Noooo,' screams Clarke after playing the ball towards short cover, Clarke had moved away from leg, Nehra cramped him for room and the batsman still managed to get it toward Raina, who dived and stopped the ball;
41.5;1;Nehra to White, 1 run fullish ball outside off, driven down to long-on for a n easy single;
41.4;1;Nehra to Clarke, 1 run ooh, close call for Clarke, he flicked the ball towards midwicket, a bit of an edge takes it in the air towards the fielder but lands wide of him;
41.3;4;Nehra to Clarke, FOUR runs good cricket that, Clarke had skipped away a long way from leg stump, Nehra followed him, Clarke adjusted, got inside the line of the ball and guided it to fine leg for a boundary;
41.2;1;Nehra to White, 1 run White searches for the big hit, drags it towards the leg side for a single;
41.1;?;Nehra to White, no run pushed back towards the bowler, Nehra can't make stop the ball completely, batsmen are confused whether to go for the single or not, decide against it finally after a bit of panic;
40.6;1;Ashwin to White, 1 run jabbed towards backward point, White wasn't sure there was a single, Clarke had no doubts, he charged through for the run and White followed suit;
40.5;1;Ashwin to Clarke, 1 run Clarke continues to use his feet to the spinners, waltzing down and helping the ball to long-on;
40.4;1;Ashwin to White, 1 run sharp spin into offstump, White plays it late, stays in the crease and guides it behind point;
40.3;1;Ashwin to Clarke, 1 run spins towards leg, Clarke whips it to midwicket for a single;
40.2;?;Ashwin to Clarke, no run length ball on off, driven back towards the bowler;
40.1;?;Ashwin to Clarke, no run on middle stump, Clarke backs away and plays the ball towards point;
39.6;1;Nehra to Clarke, 1 run slower ball from Nehra to end the over, Clarke does what he has done all innings, takes a safe single, all along the ground to long-off;
39.5;1;Nehra to White, 1 run delicate this time, closer to offstump, White plays with soft hands towards point and scampers a single;
39.4;4;Nehra to White, FOUR runs Shot! White gets his first boundary, a typically bludgeoned hit, a bit of width, White throws his bat at it, gets it past short cover and long-off had no chances;
39.3;?;Nehra to White, no run a touch shorter, the first attempted big hit from White, gets a bottom-edge towards midwicket;
39.2;?;Nehra to White, no run length ball this time, White gets forward and eases the ball towards mid-off;
39.1;1;Nehra to Clarke, 1 run starts with a back of length ball angling across the batsman, who steers the ball towards backward point;
38.6;?;Ashwin to White, no run some turn for Ashwin, White finds the man at square leg this time, another tidy over from Ashwin;
38.5;?;Ashwin to White, no run pushed towards mid-on by White;
38.4;1;Ashwin to Clarke, 1 run another single to Clarke, comes down the track and punches the ball towards long-on, risk free;
38.3;?;Ashwin to Clarke, no run outside off, Clarke drops the ball towards short cover, White wants the single but Clarke sends him back;
38.2;1;Ashwin to White, 1 run strays onto the pads, guided down towards fine leg;
38.1;?;Ashwin to White, no run quiet start to the over, defended back to the bowler;
37.6;1;Yuvraj to White, 1 run way down the leg side, would have been a wide if White had let it go, instead he shovels it to deep backward square leg;
37.5;1;Yuvraj to Clarke, 1 run Clarke continues to collect the easy single, again on legstump, nudged behind square;
37.4;1;Yuvraj to White, 1 run length ball outside off, White says 'No' after pushing it towards short cover, some sloppy fielding from Raina gives away the single;
37.3;1;Yuvraj to Clarke, 1 run tucked off the pads towards deep midwicket for a single;
37.2;2;Yuvraj to Clarke, 2 runs he charges out of the crease and plays an inside-out towards sweeper cover, White pushes Clarke to return for the second;
37.1;?;Yuvraj to Clarke, no run Clarke's turn to shows us his forward-defensive technique;
36.6;?;Ashwin to White, no run on middle and leg, White stays in the crease and pushes the ball to the leg side;
36.5;?;Ashwin to White, no run again gets a big stride in as he defends to the off side;
36.4;?;Ashwin to White, no run plays his first ball watchfully, blocked to the off side;
36.3;W;Ashwin to Hussey, OUT this time the lbw appeal is upheld, Hussey looked to be tiring over the past few overs, a short of length ball, Hussey looks to pull that one, he misses and is struck on the thigh pad on the back leg in front of middle and leg, that was going on to hit, no doubt, the umpire didn't have any either;Michael Hussey lbw b Ashwin 69 (121m 77b 7x4 0x6) SR: 89.61;
36.2;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run slices it to point, placement isn't great;
36.1;1;Ashwin to Clarke, 1 run full on the leg side, easy single to midwicket;
35.6;1lb;Yuvraj to Clarke, 1 leg bye fullish ball pitching on middle, Clarke goes for the sweep and misses, hit on the pads, prompting a huge shout for lbw, umpire turns it down as it looked to be heading down leg;
35.5;?;Yuvraj to Clarke, no run another dot ball, defended towards the left of the bowler;
35.4;?;Yuvraj to Clarke, no run defended back towards the bowler, who dives to his right to field;
35.3;1;Yuvraj to Hussey, 1 run short ball on the pads, swept behind square leg;
35.2;4;Yuvraj to Hussey, FOUR runs Hussey reverse-sweeps again, not the fine paddle of the previous over, this is a powerful stroke towards backward point for four;
35.1;?;Yuvraj to Hussey, no run Hussey moves forwards and works the ball to midwicket;
34.6;2;Ashwin to Clarke, 2 runs a wristy shot from Clarke sends the ball scurrying towards deep midwicket, to the left of the fielder, giving time to return for the second;
34.5;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run gets one this time, whipped wide of a diving Dhawan at midwicket;
34.4;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run Hussey plays it late, dabbing it to short third and looking for the single but it goes straight at the fielder so Hussey decides against it;
34.3;1;Ashwin to Clarke, 1 run tossed up by Ashwin, Clarke comes down the track and drills the ball to the bowler's right, Ashwin moves to cut it off, gets a hand to it but can't stop the single;
34.2;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run more conventional stroke this time, pushed towards mid-on;
34.1;2;Ashwin to Hussey, 2 runs starts with a fullish ball, Hussey plays a reverse paddle-sweep to get it to third man;
33.6;?;Yuvraj to Clarke, no run on middle and leg, flicked towards Dhawan at short midwicket;
33.5;?;Yuvraj to Clarke, no run fullish ball this time, pushed towards mid-off;
33.4;2;Yuvraj to Clarke, 2 runs 'Two' Clarke shouts after tucking a shortish ball on the pads towards backward square leg;
33.3;1;Yuvraj to Hussey, 1 run whipped towards long-on for a comfortable single;
33.2;?;Yuvraj to Hussey, no run full ball on middle and off, eased towards mid-off;
33.1;1;Yuvraj to Clarke, 1 run into the pads, defended to the leg side;
32.6;1;Vinay to Clarke, 1 run dabs it to Yuvraj at point and sets off for a tight single, direct hit would have made things close;
32.5;?;Vinay to Clarke, no run whoah, whats was Clarke thinking. he punched the ball back to the bowler, who extended his left hand to pluck the ball, Clarke was charging down the ground, Vinay shies at the stumps, a direct hit and Clarke was a goner, he misses though;
32.4;?;Vinay to Clarke, no run gets forward and pushes the ball towards Yuvraj at point;
32.3;2;Vinay to Clarke, 2 runs gets a couple this time, well run after pushing it to deep midwicket, where Ashwin is a bit slow getting to the ball;
32.2;?;Vinay to Clarke, no run short of a length and nips into the batsman, who punches it back past the bowler, Clarke sets off for a single, Hussey too before they realise mid-on has stopped the ball and both scurry back;
32.1;?;Vinay to Clarke, no run slants one into the pads, flicked towards midwicket, straight at the fielder;
31.6;4;Praveen to Hussey, FOUR runs thumped! Over-pitched outside off and Hussey drills it on the up through wide long on as the fielder in the deep makes a vain attempt to tumble and save.;
31.5;2;Praveen to Hussey, 2 runs very short and Hussey latches on with a pull over the in-field. He focused on control rather than power this time and kept it down to deep square leg as Tiwary ran across to field. Couple taken.;
31.4;1;Praveen to Clarke, 1 run another misfield, what's happening here. Single conceded this time by Vijay at midwicket. Short ball angled into Clarke who flicked straight to Vijay, who deflected it to Dhawan, allowing them to steal one;
31.3;?;Praveen to Clarke, no run short and wide outside off, Clarke is out of the crease as he looks to guide it to the right of Yuvraj at point. Fumbled, but no run conceded;
31.2;2;Praveen to Clarke, 2 runs chips to the off side as the ball angles into him from off stump, and picks a couple behind deep square leg. This partnership has been a lesson on middle-overs batting in an ODI.;
31.1;?;Praveen to Clarke, no run good length, on off stump. Clarke reaches out and looks to punch down the track, but can't beat the bowler;
30.6;?;Vinay to Hussey, no run textbook defence from Hussey to an over-pitched offering on middle and leg;
30.5;1;Vinay to Clarke, 1 run run-out chance, but Dhawan misses from mid off. That shaped in from outside off and Clarke pushed it towards mid off and took off for the single. Dhawan covered ground quickly, but missed with his throw. Would have been touch and go.;
30.4;1;Vinay to Hussey, 1 run on and around off stump this time and Hussey punches it to long off for one more;
30.3;2;Vinay to Hussey, 2 runs angled into Hussey's pads with the angle from round the wicket and Hussey flicks it square for a couple. Poor bowling, with the field set on the off side;
30.2;1;Vinay to Clarke, 1 run fuller outside off, Clarke reaches out into the cover drive and they run across for a quick single to Dhawan in the covers;
30.1;?;Vinay to Clarke, no run on a length around off stump, not much movement, but comes into Clarke with the angle as he looks to work it around to the leg side. Can't quite get it away;
29.6;1;Yuvraj to Clarke, 1 run full on off stump this time and Clarke drives with the spin to wide long off for one;
29.5;?;Yuvraj to Clarke, no run full on the pads as Clarke looks to charge out. He works it straight to midwicket;
29.4;1;Yuvraj to Hussey, 1 run over-pitched outside off and Hussey drives it out to wide long off to reach a fine half-century. He has been the prime mover of this innings.;
29.3;1;Yuvraj to Clarke, 1 run faster and flatter on middle stump, Clarke stays back and plays with the angle to the leg side for one;
29.2;1;Yuvraj to Hussey, 1 run dainty stuff from Hussey, waits for it to turn into him from off stump and drops it to the off side. Single as easy as you like it.;
29.1;1;Yuvraj to Clarke, 1 run speared in on the pads, Clarke stays back in the crease and nurdles to square leg for one;
28.6;1;Raina to Clarke, 1 run another single, short and turning in from outside off, cut into the covers for one more;
28.5;1;Raina to Hussey, 1 run Hussey picks a single into the covers. The engine rolls on, menacingly revving at third gear. India need to put the brakes on.;
28.4;1;Raina to Clarke, 1 run on the stumpos this time and Clarke works it with the spin to the leg side for one;
28.3;?;Raina to Clarke, no run quicker one, hurries through without much spin as Clarke looks to dab to third man;
28.2;4;Raina to Clarke, FOUR runs Clarke has played his best innings on the tour, and what a shot to bring up the fifty landmark. Slightly short and slightly wide outside off, and placement was of the essence as Clarke rocked back and fsent it purring through the covers with a cut shot.;
28.1;1;Raina to Hussey, 1 run short and turning away from Hussey, who stays bacl and works it against the spin to midwicket for one;
27.6;1;Yuvraj to Hussey, 1 run short and turning in, Hussey punches it back towards Yuvraj who half-stops but can't prevent the single;
27.5;?;Yuvraj to Hussey, no run full toss on the pads and Hussey misses out. Flicked straight to Nehra who tumbles at short fine leg and makes a smart save;
27.4;?;Yuvraj to Hussey, no run;
27.3;1;Yuvraj to Clarke, 1 run fuller on leg and Clarke drives between mid on and midwicket for one to the deep;
27.3;1w;Yuvraj to Clarke, 1 wide aha, gamesmanship there. Yuvraj spears it down the leg, expecting Clarke to come down the track, but he does not. Wide called;
27.2;?;Yuvraj to Clarke, no run skips out again, does Clarke but can't get the straight drive past the bowler;
27.1;?;Yuvraj to Clarke, no run slow and tossed up on the pads, Clarke tries to flicks it past midwicket. Can't beat the fielder though;
26.6;1;Raina to Clarke, 1 run very short and asking to be shellacked. Clarke can't quite time it, though. On the bounce to deep midwicket;
26.5;1;Raina to Hussey, 1 run Hussey drives on the up through the covers where Dhawan lets it go. Single to the deep;
26.4;1;Raina to Clarke, 1 run Raina holds it back this time as Clarke again skips out, but he adjusts to close the face and work it to the right of midwicket;
26.3;?;Raina to Clarke, no run Pup chips out and looks to flick it with the spin, but can't beat midwicket;
26.2;1;Raina to Hussey, 1 run full outside leg and Hussey drills it down to wide long on for one more;
26.1;1;Raina to Clarke, 1 run short and turning into Clarke who picks the length early and cuts behind square for one;
25.6;?;Yuvraj to Hussey, no run short and turning away from Hussey, who can't beat cover with his cut;
25.5;1;Yuvraj to Clarke, 1 run speared on the pads and deviating into Clarke who has no problem working it to the leg side for another one.;
25.4;1;Yuvraj to Hussey, 1 run holds it back outside off and Hussey waits for it to come in and drives down the ground for one;
25.3;4;Yuvraj to Hussey, FOUR runs Hussey blasts that one through the covers. Over-pitched outside off and Hussey was waiting for it. He got to the pitch and smote it through to the right of Vijay at cover. Lovely timing.;
25.2;1;Yuvraj to Clarke, 1 run shorter and straightening from off and middle into Clarke, who waits for the deviation and works against the spin for a single to square leg;
25.1;1;Yuvraj to Hussey, 1 run full toss on the pads and Hussey misses out as he times the flick well, but can't beat a quickly moving Kohli at deep midwicket. He collects and throws back in a trice.;
24.6;2;Raina to Clarke, 2 runs shorter to Clarke and it goes down the leg with the spin as he dinks it along for a coule to fine leg.;
24.5;1;Raina to Hussey, 1 run drifts onto middle and leg this time and Hussey works it square for one;
24.4;?;Raina to Hussey, no run again holds it back and hurries it into Hussey who plays for non-existent turn. Keeps it out though;
24.3;?;Raina to Hussey, no run dropped shorter and flatter, quicker tgriygh the air. Raina is holding the ball back to see Hussey's movements. Hussey cuts without timing to the off side;
24.2;1;Raina to Clarke, 1 run worked with the spin through square leg for one;
24.1;1;Raina to Hussey, 1 run full on the pads and Hussey punches firmly off the toes to midwicket for one;
23.6;?;Yuvraj to Clarke, no run slower and more flight outside off, Clarke reaches out and drives through wide mid on;
23.5;2lb;Yuvraj to Clarke, 2 leg byes that was quicker and flatter, took Clarke's pads as it hurried across without much spin. Leg byes down to fine leg as Dhoni appeals.;
23.4;?;Yuvraj to Clarke, no run speared in from wide of the crease as Clarke looks to work it leg side. Can't quite get it away;
23.3;1;Yuvraj to Hussey, 1 run over-pitched outside off and Hussey drives out to wide long off for one;
23.2;?;Yuvraj to Hussey, no run full on off and Hussey tries the tip and run routine. Can't beat cover this time;
23.1;1;Yuvraj to Clarke, 1 run Clarke advances again, and works it from off and outside towards wide long on for one;
22.6;1;Ashwin to Clarke, 1 run Clarke this time, ships out and tries to slam a ball that does not come on to the bat, down the ground. It goes no where. Lands somewhere between midwicket and wide long on, where there's no one to take the catch;
22.5;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run whoa, Hussey nearly holed out to a half-tracker. It was bad ball, spinning away from outside off as Hussey looked to pull. Hardly middled it, and it landed a few metres away from Praveen at cow corner;
22.4;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run full on middle and turning across Hussey who again looks to work it softly with the spin. Can't find the gap;
22.3;1;Ashwin to Clarke, 1 run full on off and driven nicely towards long off, Vinay bustles across to his right and tumbles to field that. Well done.;
22.2;?;Ashwin to Clarke, no run back of a length and turning in sharply. Clarke stays back, spots the spin and works it to midwicket;
22.1;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run full and trickling down the leg, Hussey happily works it behind square for one more;
21.6;1;Yuvraj to Hussey, 1 run full on off and Hussey drives firmly to wide long on for one more.;
21.5;1;Yuvraj to Clarke, 1 run short and turning away from Clarke who thrusts bat and pad out as he adjusts for the spin. Single towards point;
21.4;1;Yuvraj to Hussey, 1 run shortens the length, Hussey waits for it to break back in and taps it square for one;
21.3;?;Yuvraj to Hussey, no run length ball outside off as Hussey leans out and drives straight to cover;
21.2;1;Yuvraj to Clarke, 1 run on the pads this time as Clarke skips out and works it off the pads wide of mid on;
21.1;?;Yuvraj to Clarke, no run tossed up generously outside off and Clarke drives straight to that fielder at neither here nor there mid off.;
20.6;1;Ashwin to Clarke, 1 run the carom ball, dropped too short for impact, as Clarke pre-meditates the paddle lap-sweep. Gets it away behind square leg for one;
20.5;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run Hussey rocks back and works this square on the leg side for one;
20.4;1;Ashwin to Clarke, 1 run whoa, Clrake advances down and Ashwin drops it short., looking to spin one across and down the leg. Clarke just about manages to keep it out to the leg side for one;
20.3;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run worked off the pads by Hussey - he will do this all day - and a single behind square on the leg side;
20.2;1;Ashwin to Clarke, 1 run that is as delicate as they come. Back of a length outside off and turning in. Clarke taps it so softly to the off side, you barely saw the bat make contact with the ball there. Single inside the circle;
20.1;?;Ashwin to Clarke, no run full on off stump and Clarke works it off the pads to midwicket;
19.6;1;Yuvraj to Clarke, 1 run;
19.5;?;Yuvraj to Clarke, no run;
19.4;4;Yuvraj to Clarke, FOUR runs lovely play from Clarke here. He skips out, ensuring that he does not get too close to the ball, and hence has the room to free his arms and go over the covers. Inside-outed to perfection over the infield and well wide of long off running across.;
19.3;1;Yuvraj to Hussey, 1 run straighter this time, full and on off stump, Hussey drives it down to long off for one;
19.2;?;Yuvraj to Hussey, no run full and wider outside off, Hussey is drawn into the drive but can't beat cover;
19.1;1;Yuvraj to Clarke, 1 run speared in from well wide of the crease and short. Clarke plays it with the angle towards midwicket;
18.6;1;Ashwin to Clarke, 1 run short and enough room outside off for Clarke to lean back and run it square for one;
18.5;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run full on leg and turning away, Hussey leans out and plays it with the spin to the off side. Another single;
18.4;1;Ashwin to Clarke, 1 run short this time, Clarke stays back and taps it into the covers for one;
18.3;?;Ashwin to Clarke, no run full on the stumps and worked straight between the bowler and mid on. Kohli at mid on does well to field it.;
18.2;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run Hussey picks a single. They are turning the strike over well.;
18.1;1;Ashwin to Clarke, 1 run turning in from middle and off, a bit of sharp turn there, but Clarke covers the spin and works it to the leg side;
17.6;1lb;Yuvraj to Clarke, 1 leg bye huge appeal for lbw turned down. Full from Yuvraj, on middle and off as Clarke bounds out of the crease. Hits him on and around off stump as he misses the flick. Was he too far down? Was he outside the line? Leg bye taken towards third man. It landed on leg and was straightening. Might have hit middle and off, or might not have. Clarke was well forward.;
17.5;1;Yuvraj to Hussey, 1 run very full on Hussey's middle stump and he works it watchfully to long on for another single;
17.4;1;Yuvraj to Clarke, 1 run Clarke skips out again, takes it on the full and works it towards wide long on for one;
17.3;1;Yuvraj to Hussey, 1 run on the pads and Hussey works it square, looking for two. Saurabh Tiwary hurries across from fine leg and keeps him down to one;
17.2;?;Yuvraj to Hussey, no run full on middle and off, Hussey works it towards mid on, but Yuvraj dives across to his left and saves the single. Well done.;
17.1;1;Yuvraj to Clarke, 1 run full and wide outside off, Clrake reaches out and drives into the covers for one;
16.6;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run full on middle and off, Hussey plays it watchfully into the off side after reaching out;
16.5;1;Ashwin to Clarke, 1 run Clarke works this into the covers and picks a single;
16.4;?;Ashwin to Clarke, no run he's chipped out again and gets to the pitch, but can't get it past mid on;
16.3;?;Ashwin to Clarke, no run back of a length outside off, Clarke motions out and can't get it away;
16.2;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run whoa, full on middle from round the wicket, Hussey is early on the reverser sweep and the ball breaks from middle and hits the back of his bat to go towards short third man for one;
16.1;1;Ashwin to Clarke, 1 run tosses up on middle and off, Clarke hurries out and takes it from middle to work it behind square to the off side.;
15.6;?;Vinay to Hussey, no run back of a length outside off and Hussey again stays back as he looks to punch on the rise. Mid off runs across to the left to stop it;
15.5;?;Vinay to Hussey, no run full on off and middle, Hussey punches it out to the off side;
15.4;2;Vinay to Hussey, 2 runs misfield in the covers by Raina. Hussey drives on the up, and Raina should have stopped that as he tumbled to the right. Lets it go and it is a couple. The weather must be quite oppressive.;
15.3;?;Vinay to Hussey, no run good length, keeps it outside off and not full enough for Hussey to drive. He looks to drop it to the off side, but can't get it away for one;
15.2;?;Vinay to Hussey, no run short ball outside off, Hussey looks to punch it off the back foot but can't beat Raina at cover;
15.1;1;Vinay to Clarke, 1 run angles the first ball into Clarke's body as he walks out and gets inside the line to work it to the leg side for one;
14.6;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run full on off and Hussey plays watchfully to the off side.;
14.5;1;Ashwin to Clarke, 1 run this one is shorter and Clarke stays back to play it square on the off side for one;
14.4;?;Ashwin to Clarke, no run full on off and Clarke looks to drive, but gets too close to the ball and squeezes to the off side;
14.3;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run full on off and Hussey reaches out to play it siftly into the covers for one;
14.2;1;Ashwin to Clarke, 1 run straighter this time and Clarke works it off the pads towards midwicket;
14.1;?;Ashwin to Clarke, no run on a length outside off, not much movement as Clarke defends;
13.6;?;Vinay to Hussey, no run full outside Hussey's off stump as he looks for the steer past point. Can't beat the fielder this time;
13.5;1;Vinay to Clarke, 1 run short ball, rises slowly as it angles into Clarke who stays in the crease and works it off the hips for one;
13.4;?;Vinay to Clarke, no run stifled appeal from Vinay who gets a bit of inward movement from outside off. Clarke pushes outside the line and gets a bit of bat and pad on it.;
13.3;?;Vinay to Clarke, no run full on middle and off, Clarke drives it crisply towards mid off;
13.2;4;Vinay to Clarke, FOUR runs Ashwin makes a mess of it at mid off. Drifts into Clarke's pads and he flicks it wide of mid off, as Ashwin runs across and tumbles. He moved very slowly there and the ball had already scooted past for four;
13.1;1;Vinay to Hussey, 1 run back of a length and angling in, Hussey calmly drops it to the off side off the back foot and takes an easy single;
12.6;1;Nehra to Hussey, 1 run another one on Hussey's pads - this over has been an aberration given the way Nehra started - and again worked towards square leg for one;
12.5;1lb;Nehra to Clarke, 1 leg bye Clarke is out of the crease again, Nehra keeps this short on the pads and Clarke does not manage to make decent contact;
12.4;?;Nehra to Clarke, no run cat and mouse stuff. Clarke darts out of the crease, Nehra possibly saw him coming and kept it very full and very wide outside off. Clarke plays it defensively to the covers;
12.3;1;Nehra to Hussey, 1 run another one on the pads, Hussey waits on this one and nurdles it fine for a single;
12.2;?;Nehra to Hussey, no run keeps it very short outside off and Hussey stays back to open the face and run it square. Can't beat point though, who nearly concedes an overthrow with a needless shy at the stumps;
12.1;4;Nehra to Hussey, FOUR runs sprays the first ball of his spell into Hussey's pads. Meat and drink for Hussey who works it without fuss off the pads for four, to the left of midwicket inside the circle;
11.6;?;Vinay to Clarke, no run fuller outside off and Clarke square drives on the rise towards point. Maiden from Vinay.;
11.5;?;Vinay to Clarke, no run and again, Clarke tries to make some pace happen by driving hard on the up. But he can't get enough momentum and punches it straight to mid off;
11.4;?;Vinay to Clarke, no run Clarke jumps out, but Vinay keeps it very short as Clarke hits it hard into the covers;
11.3;?;Vinay to Clarke, no run better from Vinay, he is hitting more Praveenesque lengths here. Clarke gets half forward, looking to cover any movement and defends to the off side;
11.2;?;Vinay to Clarke, no run a hint of inward movement, Clarke tries to play around the pads to the leg side, but can't beat mid on;
11.1;?;Vinay to Clarke, no run Clarke motions out of the crease and looks to flick Vinay through midwicket. Yuvraj stops, does not collect, yet gets ready to throw.. and stares Hussey back into the crease. If looks could kill!;
10.6;?;Praveen to Hussey, no run very slow slower ball, wide outside off and Hussey wants nothing to do with it. Double bouncer to Dhoni.;
10.5;1;Praveen to Clarke, 1 run works this into the covers where a fumble allows the single. Raina misfielded there, believe it or not.;
10.4;?;Praveen to Clarke, no run full on the stumps and Clarke falls into the off drive, straight to Kohli who is standing on uncharted territory;
10.3;?;Praveen to Clarke, no run fuller this time and Clarke plays it more watchfully;
10.2;4;Praveen to Clarke, FOUR runs that shot is a masterpiece in the art of timing. Not full enough to be driven and it does not quite come on to the bat from outside off. Clarke pushes forward and makes all the momentum with his bat speed, and makes contact on the up with the meat of the bat to find the gap between the bowler and mid off.;
10.1;?;Praveen to Clarke, no run Back of a length on off stump as Clarke covers the line and punches into the covers;
9.6;?;Vinay to Hussey, no run Hussey closes the face a touch early as he tries to work it off the pads and gets a leading edge towards mid off. It stayed along the ground through out;
9.5;?;Vinay to Hussey, no run fullish on middle and off, Hussey comes forward and plays to the off side of the pitch;
9.4;4;Vinay to Hussey, FOUR runs smooth. Vinay has started in wayward fashion and Hussey has cashed in. This one is on the pads, Hussey spots the length early and clips it neatly through the leg side for four. Kohli runs back from midwicket, and in Brad Hogg's words he was, "diving for the pool, but there is no water there".;
9.3;?;Vinay to Hussey, no run was that an off cutter? Hussey spots it and waits for it to come on from the leg stump line and defends to the off side;
9.2;4;Vinay to Hussey, FOUR runs another delight from the Hussey box of shots on tough wickets. This was over-pitched and Hussey had the room, band Hussey got into position early to carress it through the covers for four;
9.1;1;Vinay to Clarke, 1 run over-pitched on off stump and punched straight back by Clarke. Vinay does not make the effort to bend and stop in his follow through. Ashwin from mid on runs across to his right and does the honours;
8.6;?;Praveen to Hussey, no run slow off cutter, Hussey spots the change in pace and defends it easily to the off side;
8.5;?;Praveen to Hussey, no run on the stumps this time and Hussey covers the line and drives straight to mid off;
8.4;?;Praveen to Hussey, no run lets this one go outside off, from a length. Not much movement;
8.3;4;Praveen to Hussey, FOUR runs there are three people on the off side inside the circle, but that's not a problem for Hussey who unfurls a delightful cut to thread a gap between those fielders into the cover boundary. Not short enough for the cut, and not quick enough to get the timing right, but that's not a problem for Hussey.;
8.2;?;Praveen to Hussey, no run hmm, Praveen gets it to straighten from off stump as Hussey comes half-forward looking to prod. Played off bat and pad down the pitch;
8.1;1;Praveen to Clarke, 1 run turned behind square for a single, Hussey back on strike.;
7.6;?;Nehra to Hussey, no run full on middle and of, Hussey plays from the crease - would have been better playing off front foot - and squeezes it out to the off side;
7.5;W;Nehra to Paine, OUT this was a-coming. Paine has been pained into a suicidal dismissal here. He tried this before, and got away with it. He again chips out, can't reach the pitch, the ball does not come onto the bat and he closes the face early as he tries to flay over the on side. It bobbled up off the inside half straight to mid on. Gone.;Tim Paine c Vinay Kumar b Nehra 9 (34m 24b 1x4 0x6) SR: 37.5;
7.4;?;Nehra to Paine, no run back of a length again, Paine can't do anything with these lengths, so he just defends from the crease with the half-forward movement;
7.3;?;Nehra to Paine, no run lands this on middle and leg, works it off the pads to the leg side;
7.2;?;Nehra to Paine, no run fullish on off and middle, angling across at 130 kph as Paine looks to open the face and run it to the off side.;
7.1;1;Nehra to Clarke, 1 run angled across Clarke from over the wicket and he punches it with some conviction to mid off for a single;
6.6;?;Praveen to Paine, no run length ball on middle and off, no adventurism from Paine who stays in the crease and defends to the on side;
6.5;1;Praveen to Clarke, 1 run another one on the pads and Clarke turns it around the corner to the right of Ashwin at square leg. He takes the single and gets off the mark as Ashwin's throw balloons in slowly to the non-striker's end;
6.4;?;Praveen to Clarke, no run fuller on the pads as Clarke tries to flick. Straight to midwicket again. An opportunity missed this time.;
6.3;?;Praveen to Clarke, no run this one is on middle and leg, Clarke tries to work it off the pads to the leg side. Straight to mid on;
6.2;?;Praveen to Clarke, no run back of a length again, on and around off stump. Clarke can't get forward and plays it out to the off side;
6.1;1;Praveen to Paine, 1 run back of a length on off stump again as Paine nervously tries to defend. Inside edge goes square on the leg side as Praveen oohs and aahs;
5.6;?;Nehra to Clarke, no run walks out and in line with off stump to try and work it around his pads to the on side. Would have been in trouble if that had hit his pads, but he managed to work it off the legs to midwicket. Can't find the gap though.;
5.5;1;Nehra to Paine, 1 run Right, he has had enough, so stays back, opens up the off side and looks to carve this over the off side. Thick outside edge down to third man where debutant Tiwary fields;
5.4;?;Nehra to Paine, no run more width on offer this time and he again looks to cut. Can't find the gap though;
5.3;?;Nehra to Paine, no run almost another chop on to the stumps, that could be the theme of the day. Nehra keeps it back of driving length as Paine looks to cut it without much room to work with. It bounces near his feet and goes over the stumps.;
5.2;?;Nehra to Paine, no run shorter outside off and more pace on it - 130 kph - Paine times it well as he cuts it straight to point. Guess who is back there - Yuvraj Singh.;
5.1;?;Nehra to Paine, no run floated on a length at 120.5 kph and it angles across the right hander, who gets into the cover drive but can't time it at all;
4.6;?;Praveen to Clarke, no run slower ball this time, Clarke looks to work it from middle and leg towards the on side, but can't quite time it;
4.5;?;Praveen to Clarke, no run ooh, that's on a length outside off and Clarke gets into a mess as he looks to work it to the off side. Nearly sneaks in off inside egde, but he closes the gap;
4.4;?;Praveen to Clarke, no run another one on the money and Clarke is staying back - not a bad idea when the ball is not on the stumps - and defending to the off side;
4.3;?;Praveen to Clarke, no run this one is outside off and Clarke covers the line well to defend to the off side;
4.2;?;Praveen to Clarke, no run this one is on the money and Clarke nearly plays all over it as he looks to work to the onside. Need to time the lunge perfectly on this pitch;
4.1;1;Praveen to Paine, 1 run very slow pitch this, Paine stays back and runs the ball from outside off towards third man for one;

Shahbaz disses the outfit in telling fashion. "I guess its Kalmadi who has chosen these new jerseys for the Indian team. Looks like its Nike (made in Ulhas Nagar)"
 Innings Start
So, in the battle of the bats it is India who have triumphed. They lost a couple of early wickets but Kohli and Yuvraj revived India with that century stand. Australia, though still not ahead, would have sensed a chance with the departure of Yuvraj but Raina's attacking cameo shut them out. It would be quite a high for Tiwary to hit the winning runs. Sriram Veera's the bulletin writer, so do check out his final match wrap. It should be updated soon. Also, check the game out in pictures with our gallery. We'll get you the presentation details in a bit.
Clarke: "Cameron White's innings was unbelievable, I thought 290 was enough but India chased well. John Hastings did a fantastic job, Starc has a bright future for Australia. We'll try to rebuild. Disappointed with the result. We'll try to do better in the first 15 overs in the second game."
MD Dhoni: "Yuvraj and Kohli got us back in the game and Raina supported Kohli well in the end. We wanted to see how much dew was around, I thought the spinners would get more turn but it turned out to be much flatter. White took the attack apart, but with Suresh Raina at the crease with one Powerplay to go I knew we had a chance. Yuvraj, it was very important for him to get runs. Kohli has been often criticised for giving away good starts and he he batted perfectly today. We'll look to win the third game as well. We have eight to ten games before the World Cup and we want to achieve more than just winning the games."
Kohli is the Man of the Match: "I was struggling with cramps in my 70s and 80s. I just wanted to drag the game as much as I could to put my team in a winning position. Vijay suggested that I just time the ball than hit it too hard. He helped calm me down. With Yuvraj batting at the other end, it's always helpful because he can score quickly and take the pressure off you. We just decided to build a partnership and bank on the Powerplay. The team has shown trust in me to bat at No.3 and I'll just look to capitalise. Once the dew came in, the ball was coming on quite nicely and we tried to take advantage on that."
That's all, folks. Thanks for tuning in and sending us your feedback. We'll see you again on the 24th for the next game in Goa. Until then, it's goodbye.
48.5;4;Starc to Tiwary, FOUR runs India have won it comfortably in the end, pitched up outside off and it's eased into that gap between extra cover and mid-off for a boundary to seal a five-wicket win;
48.4;4;Starc to Tiwary, FOUR runs short and that will relieve a bit of pressure on the young man, short and it's pulled away over midwicket;
48.3;?;Starc to Tiwary, no run fullish, pushed back to the bowler;
48.2;?;Starc to Tiwary, no run bowls it on a good length on leg stump, pushed towards square leg, another dot ball to Tiwary;
48.1;1;Starc to Raina, 1 run short on leg stump, clipped off his pads down to fine leg for a single;
47.6;?;McKay to Tiwary, no run yorker on middle, dug out onto the pitch;
47.5;?;McKay to Tiwary, no run bowls it short on middle, mistimes a pull towards mid-on;
47.4;?;McKay to Tiwary, no run bowls it on a good length outside off, pushed towards mid-on;
47.3;?;McKay to Tiwary, no run that was a wild swat, slower one bowled short outside off, tries to whack it over midwicket, gets an inside edge onto this pads;
47.2;?;McKay to Tiwary, no run fullish on the off, driven just wide of extra cover, can't find the gap however;
47.1;1;McKay to Raina, 1 run full on middle and leg, driven wide of midwicket for a single;
46.6;1;Hauritz to Raina, 1 run pushes it wide of mid-on for one more;
46.5;1;Hauritz to Tiwary, 1 run Tiwary tickles it into the leg side for one more;
46.4;1;Hauritz to Raina, 1 run pushed away wide of square leg for a single;
46.3;2;Hauritz to Raina, 2 runs knocks it down into the leg side wide of square leg, the fielder from the deep takes a while to run in and Raina calls for a second to which Tiwary responds, had it been a direct hit at the non-striker's end, Tiwary was a gonner;
46.2;?;Hauritz to Raina, no run bowled flat from round the wicket, pushed into the off side for a single;
46.1;6;Hauritz to Raina, SIX runs this is ending quickly, Hauritz tosses that up and it lands full on leg stump, Raina steps out while simultaneously making some room and launches it over long-on;
45.6;1;Hastings to Raina, 1 run slower one bowled short on leg stump, flicked into the leg side behind square for a single;
45.5;4;Hastings to Raina, FOUR runs pulled ferociously, dropped it short on middle, made some room and hammered it over midwicket;
45.4;1;Hastings to Tiwary, 1 run drops it into the off side just wide of point for a single;
45.3;?;Hastings to Tiwary, no run came forward and pushed it towards cover;
45.2;?;Hastings to Tiwary, no run pitched it up on the off, driven straight to long-off;
45.1;?;Hastings to Tiwary, no run kept low again, short of a good length outside off, Tiwary was playing from the crease and missed it as it zipped under his bat;
44.6;4;McKay to Raina, FOUR runs fullish on the off, makes room and dispatches it over cover for a boundary, the field is in and he picked his spot, an inside-out shot, worth the risk;
44.5;1;McKay to Tiwary, 1 run angling in from round the wicket, fullish on middle, pushed past the bowler to long-on;
44.4;1;McKay to Raina, 1 run slower one bowled full outside off, pushed towards extra cover who's at the edge of the circle, backs himself to complete that single and makes it in time with a dive to reach his half-century, a wonderful cameo this;
44.3;1;McKay to Tiwary, 1 run nipped back in from a good length outside off, guides it down towards third man for a single to get off the mark;
44.2;?;McKay to Tiwary, no run pitched up on middle and off, pushed back towards the bowler;
44.1;1;McKay to Raina, 1 run slower one bowled full on middle, pushed down the ground to long-off for a single;
43.6;W;Hastings to Dhoni, OUT Hastings takes two in this over, sends the off stump out of the round, kept a little low and nipped back in from a touch outside off, didn't bring his bat down in time as he attempted a cut and out went the off stump;MS Dhoni b Hastings 0 (3m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
43.5;1;Hastings to Raina, 1 run slower one bowled full on middle and leg, driven down the ground to long-on for a single;
43.4;?;Hastings to Raina, no run closes the face and turns it towards square leg;
43.3;?;Hastings to Raina, no run ooh, that didn't miss the stumps by much, was the offcutter, fell short outside leg, Raina came down to swipe it through square leg, missed and it missed the leg stump by an inch;
43.2;W;Hastings to Kohli, OUT Kohli has holed out with the task unaccomplished but he has certainly set the game up for India, full on middle and he smacks it cleanly but straight into the hands of Hopes at long-on;Virat Kohli c Hopes b Hastings 118 (193m 121b 11x4 1x6) SR: 97.52;
43.1;1;Hastings to Raina, 1 run six in the circle, shortish on leg stump, flicked into the on side for a single;
42.6;?;McKay to Kohli, no run pushed back down the pitch, gets a hand to it and it rockets into the stumps but Raina's back in, 16 off the over, India on top;
42.5;?;McKay to Kohli, no run short and drifted down the leg side but wasn't called a wide, the umpire reckons the batsman got a touch to it, off the shirt or something;
42.4;2;McKay to Kohli, 2 runs dropped. Hauritz spills it at point, width provided this time, Kohli slices it over point where Hauritz leaps and gets a hand to it but can't quite hold on, a tough chance but Australia need them to stick;
42.3;6;McKay to Kohli, SIX runs he wants to finish things off quickly now, slower one bowled on a length and he smashes it high and handsome into the stands over long-on;
42.2;4;McKay to Kohli, FOUR runs fullish on middle and leg, poor ball with a fine leg up and Kohli flicks it away fine for four more, this is highest score now;
42.1;4;McKay to Kohli, FOUR runs starts with conceding a four, full outside off, reaches for it and slices it over the covers for a boundary, the field has been brought in on the off side and it's duly punished;
41.6;1;Hastings to Kohli, 1 run Kohli looks to crack that one through the covers, but gets an inside edge towards midwicket. Sid Talya will take you through to the end;
41.5;1;Hastings to Raina, 1 run Raina makes room and drives in the air towards long-off, easy run;
41.4;1;Hastings to Kohli, 1 run length ball angling into offstump, Kohli drives it down the ground towards long-off, bottom hand again comes off as he drives;
41.3;?;Hastings to Kohli, no run a yorker just outside off, driven towards wide mid-on;
41.3;1w;Hastings to Kohli, 1 wide slow bouncer down the leg side, Kohli goes for a flamboyant pull, he misses and it is called a wide;
41.2;2;Hastings to Kohli, 2 runs Kohli gets to his century, he celebrates enthusiastically, pumping fists and screaming, gets a standing ovation from his team-mates, he reached the milestone by moving beyond leg and steered the ball towards sweeper cover;
41.1;1;Hastings to Raina, 1 run short of length ball on legstump, shovelled towards deep square leg by Raina;
40.6;1;Smith to Raina, 1 run comes down the track and pushes the ball towards mid-off for a single;
40.5;4;Smith to Raina, FOUR runs full toss well outside off, Raina comes forward and accepts the gifts, dispatches the ball past wide long-off for four;
40.4;1;Smith to Kohli, 1 run moves to 98 by pushing the ball to wide mid-on;
40.3;2;Smith to Kohli, 2 runs this time Kohli moves towards leg and drives it towards wide long-on;
40.2;?;Smith to Kohli, no run well outside off, a touch short, Kohli looks to cut that but doesn't connect, Paine takes off the bails but Kohli is in the crease, no third umpire needed;
40.1;?;Smith to Kohli, no run comes forward and defends against Smith;
39.6;4;Starc to Raina, FOUR runs Raina is in a hurry to get this over with, on the pads, Raina again places it perfectly, wide of the man at fine leg to get another boundary;
39.5;4;Starc to Raina, FOUR runs brilliant form Raina, stands tall and punches that low full toss past a diving mid-off, good timing on that stroke;
39.4;?;Starc to Raina, no run short of length ball heading for middle stump, poked towards cover;
39.3;1;Starc to Kohli, 1 run width on offer, carved towards sweeper cover by Kohli;
39.2;1;Starc to Raina, 1 run just outside off, enough width for Raina to open the face and steer the ball to third man for a single;
39.1;1;Starc to Kohli, 1 run a wristy stroke from Kohli sends the ball towards deep midwicket, he moves onto 94;
38.6;?;Hauritz to Raina, no run Raina keeps looking to come down the track, Hauritz sees him and fires it into the pads, Raina can only tap it back to the bowler;
38.5;?;Hauritz to Raina, no run bowled from wide of the crease, Raina stays back and tries to guide it past backward point but can't beat the fielder;
38.4;1;Hauritz to Kohli, 1 run length ball pitching on middle and off, another single to long-on;
38.3;1;Hauritz to Raina, 1 run overpitched and angling into pads, Raina comes down the track and plays it uppishly towards long-off;
38.2;1;Hauritz to Kohli, 1 run all to easy against Hauritz, length ball on offstump guided to long-on for a single;
38.1;1;Hauritz to Raina, 1 run short ball sliding down leg, Raina misses out, swung down to fine leg by Raina;
37.6;1;Hopes to Raina, 1 run driven to cover for a single with which Raina retains strike, he moves to 28 off 19;
37.5;2;Hopes to Raina, 2 runs length ball outside off, Raina places this one wide of sweeper cover and picks up a couple, this is turning into a very expensive over;
37.4;4;Hopes to Raina, FOUR runs Raina on the rampage here, a length ball is clobbered to wide long-on for a one-bounce four, India taking control here;
37.3;4;Hopes to Raina, FOUR runs mid-on came in after that previous four, fine leg went to the rope, Raina notes the change and smashes the slower ball from Hopes over mid-on for a boundary;
37.2;4;Hopes to Raina, FOUR runs superb placement from Raina, he was walking forward but the ball was a touch short, so he stayed back and glanced it wide of short fine leg for a boundary;
37.1;2;Hopes to Raina, 2 runs on the pads, tucked behind square leg for a single;
36.6;1;Hauritz to Raina, 1 run a yorker from Hauritz, Raina squeezes it out towards cover, could have been very close if there was a direct hit;
36.5;1;Hauritz to Kohli, 1 run length ball turning into the pads, a wristy shot from Kohli sends the ball towards deep midwicket;
36.4;1;Hauritz to Raina, 1 run driven down the ground for another comfortable single;
36.3;1;Hauritz to Kohli, 1 run full ball, Kohli blasts it back but Hauritz fields it;
36.2;1;Hauritz to Raina, 1 run tossed up by Hauritz, fullish ball, driven to deep extra cover by Raina;
36.1;?;Hauritz to Raina, no run length ball outside off, Raina pokes it towards cover;
35.6;1;Hopes to Raina, 1 run back of length ball on middle and off, Raina eases it towards long-off and takes a single;
35.5;1;Hopes to Kohli, 1 run full ball on middle, whipped towards midwicket by Kohli for another single;
35.4;1;Hopes to Raina, 1 run not that good a shot this time, comes down the track and drives it towards long-off, not off the middle of the bat;
35.3;4;Hopes to Raina, FOUR runs width on offer, Raina gets his front leg out of the way and carves that over cover, brilliantly timed, little effort as he played that but it raced to the boundary;
35.2;?;Hopes to Raina, no run full and outside off, dabbed through cover by Raina;
35.1;?;Hopes to Raina, no run shortish ball, Raina nearly chipped it to short cover, he came charging down the track and chopped that one though it was short;
34.6;4;Starc to Kohli, FOUR runs wonderful stroke to end the over, Kohli moves on to 88, slightly overpitched outside off, a lofted drive wide of long-off, lovely timing, it was a one-handed shot as well, the bottom hand came off as he played it;
34.5;1;Starc to Raina, 1 run well outside off, superbly timed steer from Raina send the ball flying to third man, good fielding down there;
34.4;1;Starc to Kohli, 1 run short from Starc, Kohli flatbats it towards mid-on, there's confusion in the running, Raina and Dhawan finally take the run, Kohli grimaces in pain after playing that shot;
34.3;?;Starc to Kohli, no run overpitched ball heading into offstump, driven towards extra cover;
34.2;1;Starc to Raina, 1 run on middle and off, Raina gets off the mark by shuffling across the stumps and tucking the ball to square leg;
34.1;1;Starc to Kohli, 1 run length ball outside off, Kohli slaps it down to long-off;
33.6;?;McKay to Raina, no run just outside off, steered towards backward point;
33.5;?;McKay to Raina, no run length ball outside off, Raina leans across and pushes the ball towards cover;
33.4;W;McKay to Yuvraj, OUT the famous McKay slower ball does the job, back of the hand delivery, touch short, Yuvraj went to pull it, he misses and the ball crashes into the top of off stump, massive wicket this, especially with Kohli struggling with cramps;Yuvraj Singh b McKay 58 (108m 87b 5x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
33.3;?;McKay to Yuvraj, no run length ball, Yuvraj pushes it towards mid-off and wants the single, sent back by Dhawan;
33.2;?;McKay to Yuvraj, no run outside off, poked towards cover;
33.1;1;McKay to Kohli, 1 run starts with a back of length ball on middle and off, defended off the front foot to the leg side;
32.6;?;Starc to Yuvraj, no run ends the over with a quick yorker, Yuvraj manages to dig it out to the off side;
32.5;?;Starc to Yuvraj, no run back of length angling into legstump,Yuvraj gets a leading edge to the left of the bowler;
32.4;?;Starc to Yuvraj, no run a touch shorter from Starc, Yuvraj gets beaten outside edge as he looks to defend, nice tight line from Starc;
32.3;?;Starc to Yuvraj, no run back of length ball on offstump, defended towards point;
32.2;1;Starc to Kohli, 1 run Kohli's on the ground with another attack of cramps, he's clutching his face in pain, it was a full toss outside off, Kohli carved it to sweeper cover and immediately went down;
32.1;1;Starc to Yuvraj, 1 run on the leg side, whipped off the thigh pad towards fine leg, Hasting races across and dives to his right to cut it off;
31.6;?;Hastings to Kohli, no run well outside off, Kohli advances down the track and drives it towards extra cover;
31.5;1;Hastings to Yuvraj, 1 run overpitched just outside off, driven along the ground to long-off for a comfortable single;
31.4;?;Hastings to Yuvraj, no run length ball on middle and leg, defended back down the pitch;
31.3;1;Hastings to Kohli, 1 run driven towards the mid-off for a single;
31.2;1;Hastings to Yuvraj, 1 run on the pads, easily runs for Yuvraj, tucked towards deep midwicket;
31.1;?;Hastings to Yuvraj, no run Yuvraj looks to pull a shortish delivery, he misses and is hit on the thigh pad;
30.6;1;Starc to Yuvraj, 1 run back on target, gets forward and dabs it towards cover for a quick single;
30.6;1w;Starc to Yuvraj, 1 wide wide again, full outside leg stump this time, Paine dives to his right and collects;
30.6;1w;Starc to Yuvraj, 1 wide short delivery down the leg side this time, tries to glance it fine, a wide called;
30.5;?;Starc to Yuvraj, no run bowls it on a good length outside off, chipped uppishly towards mid-off, falls well short;
30.4;?;Starc to Yuvraj, no run beaten all ends up, a bit of extra bounce and nipped away to escape the outside edge;
30.3;1;Starc to Kohli, 1 run Kohli is cramping now, full toss outside off, pushed towards deep cover, in a bit of pain as he runs across the pitch;
30.2;1;Starc to Yuvraj, 1 run bangs it short on the leg stump, Yuvraj tries to turn the face but ends up getting a leading edge that falls safe;
30.1;?;Starc to Yuvraj, no run short of a good length on middle and leg, gets back and punches it to mid-on;
29.6;1;Hastings to Yuvraj, 1 run slower one bowled full, driven down the ground for a single to long-on;
29.5;?;Hastings to Yuvraj, no run short, pitches outside leg and nips back in, struck high on the pads as he tries to work it across;
29.4;?;Hastings to Yuvraj, no run pushed into the off side on the front foot, towards extra cover;
29.3;4b;Hastings to Yuvraj, 4 byes Paine concedes four byes, that one kept really low, Yuvraj could not get his bat down in time and Paine, trying to collect it to his right could not get his gloves around it, Australia need a breakthrough badly;
29.3;1w;Hastings to Yuvraj, 1 wide slower one, the offcutter, bowled down leg and doesn't cut back in enough, wide called;
29.2;1;Hastings to Kohli, 1 run lands on a good length outside off, cracked towards deep cover for one more;
29.1;4;Hastings to Kohli, FOUR runs and is smashed for a boundary first up, a short ball on the off and is pulled handsomely over midwicket, off the front foot, four more;
28.6;1;Hauritz to Kohli, 1 run quicker ball dropped short, pulled away towards deep backward square leg for a single;
28.5;?;Hauritz to Kohli, no run quicker through the air, drops it into the off side, thinks of a single, is sent back;
28.4;1;Hauritz to Yuvraj, 1 run flighted outside off, chops it down behind point for a single;
28.3;1;Hauritz to Kohli, 1 run pushed in the direction of long-on for one more;
28.2;1;Hauritz to Yuvraj, 1 run shortish outside off, slaps it wide of long-off for a single;
28.1;1;Hauritz to Kohli, 1 run targeting middle and leg, worked away past square leg for a single;
27.6;1;Hopes to Kohli, 1 run and finishes off by picking a single down to long-off to retain the strike;
27.5;4;Hopes to Kohli, FOUR runs excellent over for India this, pitched up and he times it beautifully, crunching it on the up wide of long-off and extra cover for four more;
27.4;2;Hopes to Kohli, 2 runs short of a good length on middle, whipped past square leg for a couple of runs;
27.3;4;Hopes to Kohli, FOUR runs they're finding the boundaries more frequently now, short and wide and he slashes it hard past point, raises the 100-stand;
27.2;1;Hopes to Yuvraj, 1 run shortish on the off, punches it down the ground towards long-off for a single to complete his half-century, these two have set up an interesting chase here;
27.1;?;Hopes to Yuvraj, no run bowls it on a good length on the off, defended back to the bowler, he's on 49 now;
26.6;?;Hauritz to Kohli, no run turning in from a good length outside off, works it towards short fine leg who prevents the single;
26.5;1;Hauritz to Yuvraj, 1 run gets on the back foot and pinches a single past extra cover;
26.4;1;Hauritz to Kohli, 1 run works it behind square for one more;
26.3;1;Hauritz to Yuvraj, 1 run knocks it down into the leg side for one more;
26.2;1lb;Hauritz to Kohli, 1 leg bye got across and tried to work it into the leg side, goes off the pad, they steal a leg-bye;
26.1;4;Hauritz to Kohli, FOUR runs nicely done, waited for it to turn in, got back and pulled it hard with the spin past the diving midwicket for a boundary;
26.1;1w;Hauritz to Kohli, 1 wide thought he would charge down and fired it down leg, Kohli didn't move an inch, wide called;
25.6;2;Hopes to Yuvraj, 2 runs shortish outside off, tries to force it off the back foot past extra cover, gets a thick inside edge past square leg for a couple of runs;
25.5;?;Hopes to Yuvraj, no run short on middle, knocks it down in front of midwicket;
25.4;?;Hopes to Yuvraj, no run pushed off the front foot towards the bowler;
25.3;4;Hopes to Yuvraj, FOUR runs edged and four, short of a good length, swung hard across the line, flew off the outside edge just wide of the diving Paine to the third-man boundary, breaks an eight-over boundary drought;
25.2;1;Hopes to Kohli, 1 run pitched it up on middle, got across and smote it but straight towards the fielder at deep square leg;
25.1;?;Hopes to Kohli, no run bowls it on a good length outside off, pushed straight to extra cover;
24.6;?;Hauritz to Yuvraj, no run appeal for run-out, driven hard down the pitch, Hauritz tries to field it, clips his fingers and crashes into the stumps at the non-striker's end, Kohli had not backed up too far and made it back just in time;
24.5;?;Hauritz to Yuvraj, no run closer to the bat, gets forward and defends;
24.4;?;Hauritz to Yuvraj, no run saw him come down and pushed it quick on middle and off, Yuvraj came down the track and offered his pads;
24.3;1;Hauritz to Kohli, 1 run pushed down the ground towards long-on for one more;
24.2;1;Hauritz to Yuvraj, 1 run swept towards deep square leg for a single;
24.1;?;Hauritz to Yuvraj, no run bowls it on a good length outside off, turning away, driven straight to extra cover;
23.6;?;Hopes to Kohli, no run slowed it down slightly, tried to force it through the off side but was into the shot too early, missed;
23.5;1;Hopes to Yuvraj, 1 run played it towards long-off for one more;
23.4;1;Hopes to Kohli, 1 run driven towards long-on for a single;
23.3;?;Hopes to Kohli, no run well fielded at short fine leg, whipped from the crease but Starc does well diving to his wrong side to prevent any runs;
23.2;1;Hopes to Yuvraj, 1 run taps it into the off side between point and cover;
23.1;1;Hopes to Kohli, 1 run shortish on middle, punched it off the back foot towards long-on for a single;
22.6;?;Hauritz to Yuvraj, no run tries to work it to square leg, a fullish ball, is rapped on the pads but struck outside leg, well actually not, marginal call there, hawkeye shows it could have pitched in line and then spun towards middle and off but it was a borderline case there, can't be completely sure;
22.5;1;Hauritz to Kohli, 1 run half-century for Kohli, tossed up, drives it down to long-on after stepping out, steadied the ship after the early loss of India's openers;
22.4;1;Hauritz to Yuvraj, 1 run;
22.3;1;Hauritz to Kohli, 1 run flighted on middle, lovely on-drive to the right of long-on, just the single;
22.2;1;Hauritz to Yuvraj, 1 run tossed up on middle from round the wicket, swept towards deep square leg for a single;
22.1;1;Hauritz to Kohli, 1 run short, slapped towards long-on for a single;
21.6;2;Hopes to Yuvraj, 2 runs fullish on the pads, flicks it through square leg, Shaun Marsh runs across and returns a good throw but they've completed the second comfortably;
21.5;?;Hopes to Yuvraj, no run slices it slightly though the intention was to hit straight, rolls towards point;
21.4;1;Hopes to Kohli, 1 run just punches it past the bowler down to long-on for a single;
21.3;?;Hopes to Kohli, no run three dot balls, driven well but straight back to the bowler;
21.2;?;Hopes to Kohli, no run shortish, dabs it towards point from the crease;
21.1;?;Hopes to Kohli, no run shortish outside off, punches it off the back foot to extra cover;
20.6;1;Hauritz to Kohli, 1 run turning in from a good length outside off, knocks it down in front of point for a single;
20.5;1;Hauritz to Yuvraj, 1 run driven down the ground to long-on for a single;
20.4;?;Hauritz to Yuvraj, no run angling in to Yuvraj from round the wicket, pushed back to the bowler;
20.3;?;Hauritz to Yuvraj, no run quicker delivery, turning away, was trying to open the face there, it beat the outside edge;
20.2;1;Hauritz to Kohli, 1 run flighted outside off, swipes it towards wide long-on for a single;
20.1;?;Hauritz to Kohli, no run short and turning in, taps it towards extra cover;
19.6;1;Smith to Kohli, 1 run closes the face there and turns it behind square for a single;
19.5;2;Smith to Kohli, 2 runs flighted on the off, swats it hard down the ground, between long-off and long-on, a dual effort in the deep to keep it to two;
19.4;1;Smith to Yuvraj, 1 run gets across and turns it around behind square for a single;
19.3;?;Smith to Yuvraj, no run quicker, short outside off, turning in, pushed uppishly towards extra cover;
19.2;1;Smith to Kohli, 1 run another full toss, punched towards long-on for one more;
19.1;1;Smith to Yuvraj, 1 run full toss, smacked down the ground to long-off for a single;
18.6;?;Hauritz to Kohli, no run worked away towards midwicket;
18.5;1;Hauritz to Yuvraj, 1 run comes down the track and drives it down to long-off, didn't quite get to the pitch there but played it well in the end;
18.4;1;Hauritz to Kohli, 1 run turning in from a good length outside off, dabs it towards point for a single;
18.3;1;Hauritz to Yuvraj, 1 run turned away wide of square leg for a single;
18.2;?;Hauritz to Yuvraj, no run really slow through the air, Yuvraj closed the face a touch too early while trying to play it into the leg side, it turned away to catch him on the back pad but was missing off;
18.1;1;Hauritz to Kohli, 1 run pushed off the back foot to long-on, one more;
17.6;1;Smith to Kohli, 1 run driven soundly past the bowler to long-off to keep the strike;
17.5;?;Smith to Kohli, no run reaches forward and plays it back to Smith;
17.4;1;Smith to Yuvraj, 1 run pitched up on the off stump, wristily played back past the bowler for a single;
17.3;2;Smith to Yuvraj, 2 runs full toss outside off, driven hard, wide of deep extra cover for a couple of runs;
17.2;1;Smith to Kohli, 1 run pushed down the ground to long-off to raise the 50-stand;
17.1;4;Smith to Kohli, FOUR runs starts with a short one that's duly dispatched, short outside off, moves back and thwacks it hard to beat that gap between long-off and deep extra cover;
16.6;4;Hauritz to Yuvraj, FOUR runs swept hard and gets four, fetched it from outside off and bisected that gap between deep square leg and deep midwicket;
16.5;?;Hauritz to Yuvraj, no run pushed off the front foot back to the bowler;
16.4;2;Hauritz to Yuvraj, 2 runs round the wicket to Yuvraj, pushed off the front foot towards midwicket, they pick another run thanks to an overthrow, Hussey threw and Hauritz didn't pick it;
16.3;1;Hauritz to Kohli, 1 run reaches forward and works it around towards square leg, flighted again;
16.2;?;Hauritz to Kohli, no run tosses it up, good flight, flicked slightly uppishly towards midwicket;
16.1;?;Hauritz to Kohli, no run;
15.6;1;Hopes to Kohli, 1 run six in a row, clipped off his pads to fine leg to keep the strike;
15.5;1;Hopes to Yuvraj, 1 run slower one bowled full on the off, drilled down the ground, Warner cuts it off running across from long-off;
15.4;1;Hopes to Kohli, 1 run pinching the singles now, fourth one in a row, played towards long-off;
15.3;1;Hopes to Yuvraj, 1 run short of a good length outside off, run down to third man for one more;
15.2;1;Hopes to Kohli, 1 run bowls it on a good length on middle, pushed down towards long-on this time;
15.1;1;Hopes to Yuvraj, 1 run fullish outside off, driven elegantly down the ground towards long-off for a single;
14.6;1;Starc to Yuvraj, 1 run slightly short outside off, trying to nip it back in, guided down to third man for a single;
14.5;?;Starc to Yuvraj, no run full outside off, caresses it but again, does not pierce the field, straight to cover point;
14.4;?;Starc to Yuvraj, no run gets forward and pushes it towards mid-off;
14.4;1w;Starc to Yuvraj, 1 wide slower one bowled short but down the leg side, called a wide;
14.3;?;Starc to Yuvraj, no run plenty of width and Yuvraj chases it but finds cover again;
14.2;4;Starc to Yuvraj, FOUR runs beautifully done, pitched up on middle, was in the slot and Yuvraj picked it to launch it over the bowler's head for four more, gaining in momentum is the Indian innings now;
14.1;?;Starc to Yuvraj, no run Yuvraj smacked that hard, off the meat but found extra cover;
13.6;4;Hastings to Kohli, FOUR runs found the gap, was pitched full, he leant forward and sliced it between point and cover, it's a pacy outfield and it raced away;
13.5;4;Hastings to Kohli, FOUR runs strays on the pads and he clips it fine, no one at fine leg and picks up a boundary;
13.4;1;Hastings to Yuvraj, 1 run on towards third man for a single;
13.3;1;Hastings to Kohli, 1 run punched off the back foot towards mid-on, Kohli calls for the single and Warner, substituting for McKay at mid-on, collects and aims but it's just wide, Kohli would have been short had that hit, missed run-out;
13.2;?;Hastings to Kohli, no run fullish on the off and is driven hard, straight to mid-off;
13.2;1w;Hastings to Kohli, 1 wide slides down the leg side and is called a wide;
13.1;?;Hastings to Kohli, no run;
12.6;?;Starc to Yuvraj, no run stands tall and punches it straight to extra cover, steady progress;
12.5;?;Starc to Yuvraj, no run fullish on middle, driven hard but straight to mid-on;
12.4;1;Starc to Kohli, 1 run pitched up and driven but mistimed again, just wide of mid-off;
12.3;1;Starc to Yuvraj, 1 run nipped back in a hint from a good length outside off, guided down to third man for a single;
12.2;?;Starc to Yuvraj, no run full on middle, gets across and drives it sweetly but straight to mid-on;
12.1;?;Starc to Yuvraj, no run on middle and off, just short of a good length, presents the full face while playing it back;
11.6;?;Hastings to Kohli, no run a bit of width this time, reaches out and cracks it to point, straight to the fielder;
11.5;?;Hastings to Kohli, no run banged in short outside off, shapes up for a pull, mistimes it to midwicket;
11.4;1;Hastings to Yuvraj, 1 run pushes it full on middle, tries to push through straight but ends up opening the face just a little right at the end, into the off side for a single;
11.3;?;Hastings to Yuvraj, no run short of a good length on the off, pushed off the back foot back to the bowler;
11.2;?;Hastings to Yuvraj, no run lands on a good length on middle, defended solidly towards mid-on;
11.1;1;Hastings to Kohli, 1 run short of a good length on middle, whipped away behind square for a single;
10.6;?;McKay to Yuvraj, no run length ball, driven firmly on the up, stopped by a diving short cover;
10.5;4;McKay to Yuvraj, FOUR runs short of length ball outside off, Yuvraj opens the face a touch to steer the ball past the keeper and fine of third man for four;
10.4;1;McKay to Kohli, 1 run shortish ball on middle stump, Kohli gets a single to the off side;
10.3;1;McKay to Yuvraj, 1 run length ball on the offstump, driven towards extra cover;
10.2;1;McKay to Kohli, 1 run length ball just outside off, tucked towards mid-on for a single;
10.1;?;McKay to Kohli, no run length ball on offstump, defended to the off side;
9.6;4;Hastings to Yuvraj, FOUR runs Yuvraj gets his first boundary, a lovely whip sends it over the midwicket boundary after a few bounces, it was a full ball from Hastings on the pads, Yuvraj lifts his back leg as he dismisses that;
9.5;?;Hastings to Yuvraj, no run the slower delivery from Hastings, 116kmh, tucked to short midwicket;
9.4;?;Hastings to Yuvraj, no run tests Yuvraj with a bouncer, 135kmh, Yuvraj leans out of the way, it was outside off so Yuvraj wasn't troubled by it;
9.3;?;Hastings to Yuvraj, no run middle and off line, defended back to Hastings;
9.2;?;Hastings to Yuvraj, no run keeps Yuvraj quiet with his steady line, on offstump, defended cautiously;
9.1;1;Hastings to Kohli, 1 run full ball on middle and leg, whipped to deep square leg by Kohli;
8.6;?;McKay to Yuvraj, no run a superb delivery to end the over, cuts the batsman in half, nips in after pitching short of a length on off, Yuvraj is clueless about it, and it sails over the stumps;
8.5;?;McKay to Yuvraj, no run short of length ball, angling across the batsman who leaves it to the keeper;
8.4;?;McKay to Yuvraj, no run fuller this time, driven towards cover;
8.3;?;McKay to Yuvraj, no run Yuvraj watchfully defends his first delivery, a length ball on the stumps, gets forward and blocks it;
8.2;W;McKay to Vijay, OUT McKay strikes again, he got Dhawan with a terrific delivery, this was an okay one, nothing alarming in it, just outside off, Vijay wanted to guide that one towards third man, gets a edge to the keeper;Murali Vijay c ?Paine b McKay 15 (36m 18b 3x4 0x6) SR: 83.33;
8.2;1w;McKay to Vijay, 1 wide slips down the leg side, that's a free run;
8.1;?;McKay to Vijay, no run short of length ball on offstump, defended towards point;
7.6;?;Hastings to Kohli, no run shortish ball and very wide, Kohli flashes at it but can't beat point, so Hastings completes a maiden;
7.5;?;Hastings to Kohli, no run seams in a touch after pitching around off, Kohli taps it towards midwicket;
7.4;?;Hastings to Kohli, no run Hastings keeps it steady, around off, back of a length, blocked towards the off side;
7.3;?;Hastings to Kohli, no run length ball on off, gets forward and taps it towards cover;
7.2;?;Hastings to Kohli, no run shortish ball on off, defended off the back foot towards cover;
7.1;?;Hastings to Kohli, no run length ball just outside off, defended to the off side;
6.6;?;McKay to Vijay, no run on middle stump, full delivery, defended back down the track;
6.5;1;McKay to Kohli, 1 run on middle and leg this time, Kohli leans across and works it to deep square leg;
6.4;1;McKay to Vijay, 1 run on the pads, easy picking s for Vijay, tucked behind square leg;
6.3;4;McKay to Vijay, FOUR runs brilliant shot from Vijay, stands tall and cracks it through extra cover for four, driven on the up by Vijay, the crowd enjoyed that;
6.2;?;McKay to Vijay, no run well outside off, Vijay moves across and defends towards point;
6.1;4;McKay to Vijay, FOUR runs full ball outside off, Vijay gets forward and lofts it over both the short covers to pick up a boundary;
5.6;?;Hastings to Kohli, no run full outside off, mistimes a drive towards cover;
5.5;?;Hastings to Kohli, no run Kohli wafts at it outside off, there is a massive appeal for caught behind from the fielders but nothing from the keeper or the bowler;
5.4;?;Hastings to Kohli, no run overpitched and just outside off, driven to mid-off;
5.3;?;Hastings to Kohli, no run gets forward and taps it to short cover;
5.2;?;Hastings to Kohli, no run short of length just outside off, punched to covers off the front foot;
5.1;1;Hastings to Vijay, 1 run 134kmh ball outside off, guided to third man;
4.6;2;McKay to Kohli, 2 runs width on offer, nicely played down to third man, who has to sprint to his right to field that one, batsmen pick up two;
4.5;?;McKay to Kohli, no run shortish ball on middle, defended back down the pitch;
4.4;2;McKay to Kohli, 2 runs two short covers in place but Kohli manages to bisect them, not timed though, gets a couple for his efforts;
4.3;1;McKay to Vijay, 1 run on middle and off, Vijay plays it towards midwicket and sets off for a single, a direct hit would have been very tight, Hopes can't get the direct hit though;
4.2;?;McKay to Vijay, no run keeps it tight around offstump, Vijay guides the ball towards point;
4.1;1;McKay to Kohli, 1 run back of length ball on offstump, tapped towards the leg side, zips through for a single;
3.6;1;Starc to Kohli, 1 run full and very wide, Kohli throws his bat at it, gets an edge towards third man for a single, a few yards either side and that would have been a boundary;
3.5;?;Starc to Kohli, no run full and on the pads, blocked to the legside;
3.4;4;Starc to Kohli, FOUR runs short ball from Starc, Kohli gets another boundary by pulling that one, he didn't time it too well but had enough to clear the infield and roll away for four, it was a 141kmh delivery;
3.3;?;Starc to Kohli, no run good delivery from Starc, on offstump, Kohli defends towards the off side;
3.2;2;Starc to Kohli, 2 runs back of length and outside off, Kohli gets forward and drives past cover, off the toe end of the bat, so there wasn't enough pace on it to go to the boundary;
3.1;?;Starc to Kohli, no run well outside off, Kohli looks to carve it through the off, gets a bottom edge back towards the bowler;
2.6;?;McKay to Vijay, no run short of length ball on middle and off to end the over, Vijay taps it back to the bowler, who throws it gently towards the stumps, hits the batsman on the pads and ricochets onto the stumps;
2.5;4;McKay to Vijay, FOUR runs this time he does, overpitched just outside off, Vijay gets forward and drives it crisply past cover for four;
2.4;?;McKay to Vijay, no run a nice shot from Vijay for no runs, width on offer for him and he cracks that towards covers but can't beat the fielder;
2.3;?;McKay to Vijay, no run length ball on middle, inside-edged onto the pads as Vijay looks to flick it;
2.2;?;McKay to Vijay, no run length ball on offstump, Vijay plays a compact forward defensive;
2.1;?;McKay to Vijay, no run McKay starts his second over with a delivery that seams in after pitching well outside off;
1.6;?;Starc to Kohli, no run swing and a miss to end the over, Kohli gets forward to try drive the ball towards extra cover, he is beaten by the angle of the delivery;
1.5;?;Starc to Kohli, no run short of length ball on offstump, Kohli gets behind the line and defends solidly;
1.5;1w;Starc to Kohli, 1 wide too wide outside off, he'll have to re-bowl that, Starc has been bowling around 140 kmh this over;
1.4;?;Starc to Kohli, no run full ball outside off and left alone;
1.3;4b;Starc to Kohli, 4 byes full and outside off, sneaks under Kohli's bat, and moves in after the stumps to baffle Paine, who misses and gives away four byes;
1.2;?;Starc to Kohli, no run short and wide, Kohli mistimes a shot towards cover;
1.1;?;Starc to Kohli, no run starts nicely with a short of length ball angling across the batsman, who shoulders arms;
0.6;?;McKay to Vijay, no run a lot fuller this time, Vijay defends towards the off side, McKay and Australia couldn't have asked for a better over to start;
0.5;?;McKay to Vijay, no run length ball outside off, Vijay is happy to leave that to the keeper;
0.4;1;McKay to Kohli, 1 run opens the face and guides the ball towards backward point for a single;
0.3;?;McKay to Kohli, no run length ball on offstump, defended to the off side;
0.2;W;McKay to S Dhawan, OUT Oh dear, that's the end of Dhawan, a debut duck for him, he's shattered and the crowd has gone silent, a back of a length ball that sneaks in between bat and pad to take offstump, not much footwork from Dhawan as he looked to keep that out;Shikhar Dhawan b McKay 0 (1m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
0.1;?;McKay to S Dhawan, no run starts with a length ball outside off, left alone by Dhawan;

6.40pm Five minutes to go. Big moment coming up for Delhi and Mumbai Indians opener, Shikhar Dhawan. Also for the Australian fast bowling pair of John Hastings and Mitchell Starc. And 12 ODIs into his career, Clint McKay finds himself leading the attack.
At least one man is unimpressed by White's blitz. Prasanna says: "Thanks to T20 90 runs in last 5 overs is not a big surprise. When Inzamam hit 50+ runs in 30+ balls in 92 worldcup semi finals, it was unbeliveble. Same with Jayasuriya in 1990s. Not anymore!"
And another doesn't think this is a big enough target. Adrian Meredith from Australia: "Great late hitting by White but I still feel it isn't enough. I feel a score of 320-330 was par. 290 gives Australia a chance if they bowl well and/or India bats badly but really India should get this easily."
He's had a disappointing Test series, but Michael Clarke has roared back into form with a century today. Peter Roebuck asks: Is Clarke up for the captaincy? Have a read. What do you think?
McKay to bowl
 Innings Start
Australia
India
2nd ODI (D/N), Visakhapatnam, Oct 20 2010, Australia tour of India [Sep-Oct 2010]
289/3
292/5
Player of the match is Virat Kohli, INDIA
India won by 5 wickets (with 7 balls remaining)
