Data
11.35am This is an imposing total, one Pakistan will be delighted with after being put in to bat. Solid platform at the top courtesy Hussain Talat after losing a wicket first ball, the middle-overs acceleration coming from Fakhar Zaman, and the end-overs flourish courtesy Shoaib Malik and Asif Ali. Australia's fielding suffered and bowling very inconsistent. This leaves them with quite a chase against a competent attack.
19.6;4;Tye to Asif Ali, FOUR runs squeezes this off a thick inside edge to the fine leg boundary to end the innings. On another day, this would've crashed into the leg stump.;
19.5;W;Tye to Shadab, OUT pulled but can't clear long-on this time, Maxwell does well to move swiftly to his left, moves low and takes this inches from the ground.;Shadab Khan c Stoinis b Tye 7 (3b 0x4 1x6) SR: 233.33;
19.4;6;Tye to Shadab, SIX runs walks across and whips this full toss on middle over the fine leg boundary. Used the pace and scooped it away nonchalantly;
19.3;1;Tye to Asif Ali, 1 run driven towards extra cover for an easy single;
19.2;6;Tye to Asif Ali, SIX runs hit hard, hit straight and out of the ground. Too full on middle from wide of the crease, he made room, swung through like a golfer. Tremendous strike. Onto the roof and out of the ground. Held his pose nicely for the shutterbugs afterwards;
19.1;1;Tye to Shadab, 1 run sliced to deep point, they think of the second, don't take;
18.6;W;Jhye Richardson to Faheem, OUT this has been clobbered straight to Maxwell at long-off, he was a few yards in, this was struck fiercely. He needed some leeway there, in case he overbalanced in trying to take this, but he made it look very easy. Went along with the momentum, took a couple of steps back after taking the catch before steadying himself to release the ball.;Faheem Ashraf c Maxwell b Richardson 0 (3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
18.5;1;Jhye Richardson to Asif Ali, 1 run whips this down to long-on;
18.4;2;Jhye Richardson to Asif Ali, 2 runs toe-ends a lofted hit on the bounce to long-off;
18.3;4;Jhye Richardson to Asif Ali, FOUR runs slower bouncer, he shaped to pull in front of square but then held his shape for split second and instead helped this up and over short fine. Clever;
18.2;4;Jhye Richardson to Asif Ali, FOUR runs cracking hit. Backs away, gets underneath the length and clobbers this inside-out, one bounce to the deep cover fence.;
18.1;6;Jhye Richardson to Asif Ali, SIX runs backs away, opens the bat face and slices this full delivery over backward point, excellent improvisation;
17.6;?;Tye to Faheem, no run swing and a miss, deceived by the slower one;
17.5;?;Tye to Faheem, no run leg-stump yorker which he looks to flick but misses, may have clipped the pad on the way.;
17.4;1;Tye to Asif Ali, 1 run whips this full delivery down to wide long-on;
17.3;W;Tye to Malik, OUT lofted, but straight to cover. No power, tried to hit it too hard, got it off the bottom. The length did the trick, blockhole almost, Malik almost had to dig it out.;Shoaib Malik c Finch b Tye 27 (15b 3x4 1x6) SR: 180;
17.2;1;Tye to Asif Ali, 1 run squeezes this yorker length delivery to long-on;
17.1;1;Tye to Malik, 1 run this is a waist-high full toss or just below at max, swung away but no control over the stroke, plonks in front of the man coming in from deep midwicket;
16.6;1;Stoinis to Malik, 1 run full toss, swung away on the bounce to long-on;
16.6;1w;Stoinis to Malik, 1 wide wide yorker, reaches out to squeeze this but can't lay bat to it. Clever from Stoinis;
16.5;4;Stoinis to Malik, FOUR runs this time he wallops this between cover and point. Makes hell lot of room, bowler follows him but Malik somehow manages to open up more space and use the width to flat bat this up and over in front of square. Magnificent;
16.4;4;Stoinis to Malik, FOUR runs sliced over backward point, bounces into the third man fence. Wonder if he deliberately opened the face of the bat, yes he did, as replays confirm.;
16.3;?;Stoinis to Malik, no run backs away to go over point, Stoinis follows him and cramps him for room, beaten.;
16.2;4;Stoinis to Malik, FOUR runs stunning! Too full and angling in, Malik makes room, exposes all three stumps, but calmly lofts this cleanly on the bounce to the long-off boundary;
16.1;1;Stoinis to Asif Ali, 1 run backs away and steers this to backward point for a quick single;
15.6;2;Jhye Richardson to Malik, 2 runs toe-ends a slog past midwicket, they scamper back for the second as Finch, running back, took a while to get across.;
15.5;?;Jhye Richardson to Malik, no run reaches out to this wide delivery and steers this straight to point;
15.4;1;Jhye Richardson to Asif Ali, 1 run slices this attempted hoick over midwicket to third man on the bounce;
15.3;2;Jhye Richardson to Asif Ali, 2 runs pulled, but safe. Long-on was running in, midwicket was running sideways, and this fell right between both of them. Asif still had to dive full stretch to get back in time, as the fielder threw to the bowler, who fired a rocket throw to Carey in the hope of a run out;
15.2;?;Jhye Richardson to Asif Ali, no run swing and a miss. Looked to make room and slap this through cover.;
15.1;2;Jhye Richardson to Asif Ali, 2 runs slaps this length delivery back past the bowler, hit straight and really hard.;
14.6;1;Stoinis to Asif Ali, 1 run slashed away towards square third man, Big Stanlake is there.;
14.5;?;Stoinis to Asif Ali, no run ducks under this short ball on middle and leg, one called for the over for height.;
14.4;?;Stoinis to Asif Ali, no run right behind the line of this length delivery as he defends.;
14.3;1;Stoinis to Malik, 1 run steers this short of length delivery down to square third man;
14.2;W;Stoinis to Zaman, OUT the party is over, he can only toe-end this pull as far as the edge of the ring at midwicket. Went for a biff across the line, ended up having to fetch it from too far outside.;Fakhar Zaman c Maxwell b Stoinis 73 (42b 9x4 3x6) SR: 173.8;
14.1;4;Stoinis to Zaman, FOUR runs looks to swing over long-on but gets a thick outside edge that bounces towards the third man boundary. The fielder there tried to stop, but ended up parrying it over the ropes.;
13.6;1;Agar to Zaman, 1 run steps out and works this down to long on;
13.5;4;Agar to Zaman, FOUR runs too short, he helps this on its way to the deep backward square leg boundary. Walked across to pick his spot and when the ball arrived, just signed it with love and sent it on its way;
13.4;1;Agar to Malik, 1 run whips this to midwicket;
13.3;6;Agar to Malik, SIX runs smashed straight into the sightscreen. Steps out, gets underneath the flight and times this magnificently.;
13.2;2;Agar to Malik, 2 runs rocks back and cuts to deep point, misfield by Darcy Short means they get another.;
13.1;?;Agar to Malik, no run bunts this to cover, looks for a single, but sent back;
12.6;6;Tye to Zaman, SIX runs this is a typical Fakhar special. This is length on leg stump, he stays inside the crease and just whips it over deep backward square leg with minimal feet movement.;
12.5;1;Tye to Malik, 1 run eases this full delivery down to long-on to get off the mark immediately;
12.4;W;Tye to Sarfaraz, OUT thick outside edge to this legcutter which he looks to loft over cover, Carey accepts the simple offering.;Sarfaraz Ahmed c ?Carey b Tye 14 (13b 1x4 1x6) SR: 107.69;
12.4;1w;Tye to Sarfaraz, 1 wide shapes to pull but has to fetch it from way outside off, bails out.;
12.3;1;Tye to Zaman, 1 run backs away and flat-bats this length ball to long off;
12.2;2;Tye to Zaman, 2 runs drilled down to long-on, who scoops it to long-off, can't prevent the second though;
12.1;?;Tye to Zaman, no run beaten as he looks to back away and crash this over point;
11.6;?;Stanlake to Sarfaraz, no run excellent bouncer that whizzes past his helmet as he avoids.;
11.5;6;Stanlake to Sarfaraz, SIX runs muscled over deep midwicket. Picked the length, his spot and just applied all his might in swatting that away;
11.4;?;Stanlake to Sarfaraz, no run steered, Maxwell puts out his right hand at point to stop that. Was travelling;
11.3;?;Stanlake to Sarfaraz, no run has he got the edge? No. Beauty. Squared up. Angled in, and left him late as Sarfraz poked.;
11.2;2;Stanlake to Sarfaraz, 2 runs driven into the gap at cover, check drive but timed nicely.;
11.1;?;Stanlake to Sarfaraz, no run steep bouncer, Sarfraz hustled for pace as he hops back to fend. Took the bottom glove off the bat as he faced that;
10.6;1;Maxwell to Sarfaraz, 1 run dabs this slider towards point for a quick single;
10.5;1;Maxwell to Zaman, 1 run drills this down to long-on;
10.4;6;Maxwell to Zaman, SIX runs clobbered deep into the stands at deep midwicket, out onto the roof. That is the shortest boundary at the ground, fifty for Fakhar. Super knock.;
10.3;1;Maxwell to Sarfaraz, 1 run tucks this wide of short fine leg for an easy single;
10.2;4;Maxwell to Sarfaraz, FOUR runs swept nicely to the square leg boundary. Did so with the spin, got just a touch outside the line to allow the stroke.;
10.1;1;Maxwell to Zaman, 1 run steps out and smashes the cover off this, excellent stop by Agar at extra cover, just a half-stop mind you but he took the pace off to save three runs;
9.6;?;Stanlake to Sarfaraz, no run bunts this into the off side, too close to the fielders to attempt a run;
9.5;?;Stanlake to Sarfaraz, no run gets half a stride in and guides this length delivery to point;
9.4;?;Stanlake to Sarfaraz, no run excellent short ball, Sarfraz ducks under this. Called one for the over for height.;
9.3;1;Stanlake to Zaman, 1 run pulled, all along the ground to deep square leg;
9.2;?;Stanlake to Zaman, no run jags away off a length to square him up as this whizzes past that tentative push;
9.1;?;Stanlake to Zaman, no run beauty! Angling away but too close to the off stump channel, looks to run it down but is beaten;
8.6;W;Maxwell to Talat, OUT beaten by one that slides in, cramps him for room and crashes into the stumps. Completely misread the line as he looked to cut. Good innings nonetheless from Talat;Hussain Talat b Maxwell 30 (25b 3x4 1x6) SR: 120;
8.5;?;Maxwell to Talat, no run steps out and blocks this full and fast delivery;
8.4;6;Maxwell to Talat, SIX runs striking right out of the top drawer. Stepped out, didn't get to the pitch but had the guts to hit through the line and loft inside-out over the cover boundary;
8.3;1;Maxwell to Zaman, 1 run makes room and eases this wide of point;
8.2;1;Maxwell to Talat, 1 run shapes to cut, but gets a thick outside edge, Carey can't grab that tough chance which he deflects to short third man;
8.1;1;Maxwell to Zaman, 1 run works this into the leg side as they scamper a single;
7.6;1;Agar to Zaman, 1 run fired flat on middle and leg, tucked towards square leg;
7.5;2;Agar to Zaman, 2 runs swung away, deep midwicket and long-on converge to keep that to two;
7.4;6;Agar to Zaman, SIX runs huge, huge! This is stunning batting. Picked his slot, got to the pitch and swung this with the spin and breeze, cleared the ropes comfortably. They aren't small boundaries, mind you;
7.3;4;Agar to Zaman, FOUR runs swept towards deep backward square leg, Tye can't get there.;
7.2;?;Agar to Zaman, no run steps out and belts this back on the bounce to Agar;
7.1;?;Agar to Zaman, no run squeezes this full yorker-length delivery back to the bowler;
6.6;?;Maxwell to Talat, no run goes right back into the crease and defends.;
6.5;4;Maxwell to Talat, FOUR runs too short, punished. Enough time to open up the leg side and hammer this into the gap at wide long-on;
6.4;2;Maxwell to Talat, 2 runs rocks back and pulls this shortish delivery towards deep midwicket;
6.3;?;Maxwell to Talat, no run cuts, but can't find the gap. Straight to point;
6.2;?;Maxwell to Talat, no run inside-edges a premeditated reverse sweep to short third man;
6.1;1;Maxwell to Zaman, 1 run dabs this gently into the off side, behind square, for a quick single.;
5.6;2;Stoinis to Talat, 2 runs steps out to swing leg side, ends up slicing it over cover point, bounces away but not enough legs to cross the ropes. Pulled back.;
5.5;?;Stoinis to Talat, no run beaten! Nibbles away, he looks to run it down but done in my minute deviation as it passed the bat;
5.4;1;Stoinis to Zaman, 1 run works this length ball on middle and leg towards midwicket;
5.3;?;Stoinis to Zaman, no run back of length angling away, he makes room and slaps this straight to cover point.;
5.2;1;Stoinis to Talat, 1 run works this length ball on middle and leg towards square leg;
5.1;4;Stoinis to Talat, FOUR runs sliced into the gap between cover and point. Not convincing, he wanted to go over long-off, but will take the runs anyway.;
4.6;1;Tye to Talat, 1 run steered down to third man as they jog the single;
4.5;?;Tye to Talat, no run dropped at mid-off! Stoinis was a little late to move. Talat looked to flat bat this over the bowler's head, but got it high on the bat.;
4.4;?;Tye to Talat, no run slower and fuller on off stump, squeezed to the cover region;
4.3;1;Tye to Zaman, 1 run swung away but not cleanly, off a thick inside edge to deep midwicket;
4.2;?;Tye to Zaman, no run cut away but straight to point;
4.1;1;Tye to Talat, 1 run gets on top of the bounce and helps this along to square third man.;
3.6;1;Jhye Richardson to Talat, 1 run pulled to the square leg region again for another single;
3.5;1;Jhye Richardson to Zaman, 1 run pulled, but there's protection at deep square leg, down to just a single.;
3.5;1w;Jhye Richardson to Zaman, 1 wide looks to whip this behind square, misses. Angle was taking it way down leg, wide again.;
3.5;2w;Jhye Richardson to Talat, 2 wide slides this down leg, Carey doesn't stop it cleanly either.;
3.5;1w;Jhye Richardson to Talat, 1 wide steep bouncer, shaped to pull but let it go. Wide for bounce.;
3.4;2;Jhye Richardson to Talat, 2 runs whips this to fine leg. Stanlake took ages to run in and bend down to the ball, excellent running;
3.3;4;Jhye Richardson to Talat, FOUR runs pulled, not in control but he'll still get four. Mid-on is just escorting that to the fence.;
3.2;1;Jhye Richardson to Zaman, 1 run makes room, bowler follows him with the short ball on the body, tucked into the leg side as they scamper a run;
3.1;4;Jhye Richardson to Zaman, FOUR runs too much leg side. Too short, he rolls his wrists over the pull to pick this behind square. Raced away;
2.6;?;Stanlake to Talat, no run squeezes this drive straight to backward point.;
2.5;?;Stanlake to Talat, no run backs away to upper cut but is beaten for pace;
2.4;1;Stanlake to Zaman, 1 run clears his front leg and wallops this length ball to deep square leg this time;
2.3;4;Stanlake to Zaman, FOUR runs cracking stroke, belted on the bounce over the point fielder. Hit that hard into the turf, so the fielder at the edge of the ring stood no chance. Too much width this time;
2.2;4;Stanlake to Zaman, FOUR runs savage blow, this time in front of square. Disdainfully slapped through midwicket. Once again Stanlake pays the price for being too short.;
2.1;4;Stanlake to Zaman, FOUR runs imperious! Picks the length early, swivels and pulls over square leg. Lovely use of his wrists to pick the gap.;
1.6;?;Jhye Richardson to Talat, no run backs away to loft over the bowler's head, but no timing as he gets this off a thick inside edge. Rolls back down the pitch;
1.5;1;Jhye Richardson to Zaman, 1 run back of length on middle and leg, clipped to long leg;
1.4;?;Jhye Richardson to Zaman, no run lofted, but not well timed. Just short of mid-on;
1.3;1;Jhye Richardson to Talat, 1 run gentle little dab off an angled bat past the slips for an easy single.;
1.2;?;Jhye Richardson to Talat, no run skiddy back of length delivery across the left-hander, left alone;
1.1;W;Jhye Richardson to Haris Sohail, OUT chips this straight to square leg. Soft dismissal, Haris' poor run continues. This is a length ball that bounces a touch more than the batsman expects, closed the bat face early, hit this off the top part of the bat and ended up spooning a dolly.;Haris Sohail c Short b Richardson 0 (1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
0.6;4;Stanlake to Zaman, FOUR runs too much width this time, Fakhar has blasted that through cover and point. Cracking stroke!;
0.5;?;Stanlake to Zaman, no run looks to pull this into the bleachers, misses. Pace from Stanlake again;
0.4;?;Stanlake to Zaman, no run ripper of a bouncer, late on the pull. Got big on him as well.;
0.3;?;Stanlake to Zaman, no run slash and a miss. Beaten for pace, extra bounce as well that time for big Billy;
0.2;?;Stanlake to Zaman, no run slants a length ball across the left-hander, left alone;
0.1;4;Stanlake to Zaman, FOUR runs good morning, Mr Stanlake. Starts with a nice, juicy leg-stump half-volley that has been flicked neatly to the square leg boundary. Easy;

9.30am So the players have made their way out to the middle. Fakhar Zaman and Haris Sohail are the two Pakistan openers. Stanlake with the first over.
Readers joining us from India can watch this game LIVE on ESPN INDIA
Pitch report: Expect it to be a flat deck, as has been the case in the tournament so far. Expect another high-scoring contest. If the side batting first falters, it can't be because of the surface.
Australia: Aaron Finch (capt), D Arcy Short, Travis Head, Glenn Maxwell, Nic Maddinson, Marcus Stoinis, Alex Carey (wk), Ashton Agar, Andrew Tye, Jhye Richardson, Billy Stanlake

Pakistan: Fakhar Zaman, Haris Sohail, Hussain Talat, Sarfraz Ahmed (capt, wk), Shoaib Malik, Asif Ali, Shadab Khan, Faheem Ashraf, Shaheen Afridi, Mohammad Amir, Usman Khan
9.30am Unchanged Australia have won the toss and are fielding first. Shaheen Afridi, one of their finds from the Under-19 World Cup this year, is playing his second T20I. Hassan Ali is out from yesterday's XI. Another change: Usman Khan in, Mohammad Nawaz out.
Asher: "There's no good reason to drop Short. He's averaging 39 and striking at 137 from his first 8 games, which is more than good enough."
Haroon Khan: "Greetings from somewhere about 35000 feet above the Atlantic. Happy to have cricinfo to tell me what going on." -- Cheers, hope you use the MBs carefully, mate!
Deepesh Sharma: "Shouldn't Aussies drop Short? He looked lethargic in last innings."
Sarfraz Ahmed was grumpy and critical on the field yesterday, but these very habits inspire the team, according to Fakhar Zaman.
9.05am The most difficult batsman he's bowled to, the actor who should feature in his biopic, the record he'd like to achieve, the rule he'd like to change in cricket and much more. Featuring the fun Mohammad Amir interview
9.00am Warm welcome, all. Dead rubber it is on the face of it, with Pakistan having won yesterday to knock Zimbabwe out. But, there's still plenty to play. If you've received the kind of walloping Australia have recently, in England, you'd want every opportunity to win and set things back on track, as they're looking to do under a new captain and coach. Aaron Finch blasted the T20I record for the highest score when Australia played two days ago. Who will leave their mark today? We'll find out soon. Toss, team updates and much else coming up, you're with me, Shashank Kishore.
 Innings Start
Thanks for joining us. Hope to see you tomorrow for Zimbabwe-Australia. Until then, this is Shashank Kishore saying goodbye.
Sarfraz Ahmed: Credit to Fakhar. He was superb. Today's surface wasn't the easiest. Asif Ali and Shoaib Malik did a job for us too. Afridi has been part of the last two-three series, so we wanted to give him an opportunity. Glad he did well."
Fakhar Zaman is the Player of the Match for his 42-ball 73
Aaron Finch: We didn't get going all day, long way off with the ball and on the field, couldn't then get any partnerships with the bat. This was a 170 wicket, we let them get away, our fielding was sloppy as well. They stuck to basic plans and did well. You'd like to keep winning, couldn't but have a short turnaround time.
1.20pm Having beaten Pakistan comfortably in their first meeting, the Australians put in an unfocused performance, dropping far too short with the new ball after Finch sent Sarfraz Ahmed's side in to bat to allow Fakhar Zaman to fire off a succession of pull shots on his way to the highest score of the match. They then lost a series of early wickets to the late moving ball in the hands of Faheem Ashraf and the 18-year-old left-armer Shaheen Afridi.
D'arcy Short struggled upfront, denying them any momentum. Glenn Maxwell's woeful run of form meant there was just too much pressure on the lower order. Carey did his reputation no harm, but in the end, just not enough fuel in the tank. Faheem was excellent with the new ball, while Shadab and Usman manned the middle overs expertly.
Australia could've moved up to No. 1 in the T20I rankings had they chased this down, but they weren't let off the blocks by a very disciplined Pakistan attack that has now taken momentum with them into the final. What do Australia do? Make changes against Zimbabwe tomorrow or stick to their best XI, which clearly lacked the spark today, and try and win it comprehensively? Having completed their league engagements, Pakistan can enjoy the cold and relax for a couple of days in preparation for the grand finale
Misbah Uddin : "Comprehensive win after big defeat, well done Pakistan "
19.6;1;Faheem to Carey, 1 run makes room and squeezes the drive to mid-off;
19.5;?;Faheem to Carey, no run chops this cut, on the bounce to the keeper.;
19.4;2;Faheem to Carey, 2 runs squeezes out this yorker to long-on;
19.3;1;Faheem to Tye, 1 run off a thick inside edge to this hoick, down to deep midwicket;
19.2;6;Faheem to Tye, SIX runs muscled over cow corner. Banged in short, he got into position quickly and pulled him imperiously;
19.1;?;Faheem to Tye, no run full and angling down, flicks pad on the way to the keeper;
18.6;1;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Tye, 1 run swirler, went a mile in the air. Sarfraz was circling under it but couldn't get a glove on it. This was a very very tough chance against the grey skies. He looked to hoick this behind square, the ball went off the top edge.;
18.5;1;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Carey, 1 run slower length ball, he looks to force this through cover, but the ball rolls back past the bowler off an inside edge;
18.4;1;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Tye, 1 run full toss on middle, he looks to swing this over long-on but doesn't get enough bat on it, rolls to the fielder instead;
18.3;1;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Carey, 1 run pulled in front of square, straight to deep midwicket;
18.2;1lb;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Tye, 1 leg bye looks to hoick this over square leg, played too early, ball deflects off the thigh pad into the leg side;
18.1;2;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Tye, 2 runs whips this full toss into the vacant spaces at deep midwicket;
17.6;1;Amir to Tye, 1 run squeezes out this full delivery, down to long-on to get off the mark;
17.5;W;Amir to Agar, OUT walks across to expose middle and leg, the yorker tails in exactly there to beat the swing and crash into the stumps. That's an Amir special!;Ashton Agar b Mohammad Amir 11 (8b 0x4 1x6) SR: 137.5;
17.4;1;Amir to Carey, 1 run looks to scoop. but cops a blow on the body off the toe-end, nothing serious. He scampers across for a run;
17.3;?;Amir to Carey, no run swing and a miss. Down on one knee to loft this over cover, beaten for pace;
17.2;2;Amir to Carey, 2 runs works this off a thick inside edge, into the gap at deep midwicket;
17.1;1;Amir to Agar, 1 run driven hard, but can't pick the gap. Straight to sweeper cover;
16.6;1;Usman Shinwari to Agar, 1 run makes room and lofts this inside out to deep point on the bounce.;
16.5;1;Usman Shinwari to Carey, 1 run inside edges a full delivery that he wants to hit back straight to long-on;
16.4;2;Usman Shinwari to Carey, 2 runs right into the blockhole, he makes room and squeezes this drive to deep cover.;
16.3;1;Usman Shinwari to Agar, 1 run slices this up and over point, cramped for room;
16.2;1;Usman Shinwari to Carey, 1 run mistimes a slog down past the bowler to long-on;
16.2;1w;Usman Shinwari to Carey, 1 wide full toss angling down, swing and a miss, wide.;
16.1;4;Usman Shinwari to Carey, FOUR runs backs away and carves this through cover, misfield means what should've been no more than single is now four.;
15.6;6;Amir to Agar, SIX runs shades of Yuvraj Singh! This is a delicious half-volley on the pads and he flicks this nonchalantly to clear deep midwicket. Lovely wrist work.;
15.5;1;Amir to Carey, 1 run not much timing as he bunts this low full toss down to long-off.;
15.4;1;Amir to Agar, 1 run walks across, looking to use the pace and flick behind square but misses. The ball thuds into flap of the pad, and they scoot for a leg bye;
15.3;1;Amir to Carey, 1 run drilled down to long-on, flat and straight to the fielder.;
15.2;1;Amir to Agar, 1 run another ugly hoick, lands short of Fakhar coming in from long-on;
15.1;?;Amir to Agar, no run length angling in, defended.;
14.6;W;Usman Shinwari to Stoinis, OUT no timing, so he ends up hoicking this length ball straight to deep midwicket. Australia unravelling very quickly.;Marcus Stoinis c Asif Ali b Usman Shinwari 16 (15b 2x4 0x6) SR: 106.66;
14.5;?;Usman Shinwari to Stoinis, no run slash and a miss. Didn't have to width to smash that through.;
14.4;1;Usman Shinwari to Carey, 1 run whips this length ball on middle and leg to deep square;
14.3;6;Usman Shinwari to Carey, SIX runs sparkling hit! This is a short-arm jab off a length delivery, sails over wide long-on, tremendous hand-eye coordination;
14.2;?;Usman Shinwari to Carey, no run walks across to pull but misses.;
14.1;1;Usman Shinwari to Stoinis, 1 run hops back and punches this length ball to deep point;
13.6;?;Shadab to Carey, no run doesn't read the googly, goes for another expansive sweep, misses.;
13.5;?;Shadab to Carey, no run walks across to scoop, hit on the body.;
13.4;?;Shadab to Carey, no run looks to reverse sweep one that drifts away, misses.;
13.3;6;Shadab to Carey, SIX runs powerful slog sweep, deep into the stands at cow corner. Too full, he got underneath the flight, most importantly, read the legspin and muscled that away;
13.2;2;Shadab to Carey, 2 runs scoops this googly over the infield, down to wide long-off;
13.1;4;Shadab to Carey, FOUR runs sweeps this full toss on middle and leg to the deep backward square leg boundary;
12.6;4;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Stoinis, FOUR runs too short, he swivelled back and pulled this short ball all along to the square leg boundary;
12.5;2;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Stoinis, 2 runs yorker length on middle and off, worked towards long-on. Lazy effort by Haris Sohail, Sarfraz lets him know;
12.4;4;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Stoinis, FOUR runs hoicked to the midwicket boundary, not off the middle but you only need it to trickle away to get the runs anyway.;
12.3;1lb;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Carey, 1 leg bye looks to flick but the ball sneaks off the pad to square leg;
12.2;W;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Short, OUT the leg stump has been flattened and Afridi takes off on his celebration. Short's misery is over. Full, straight and honing in towards the stumps from wide of the crease, he went for a massive hit over long-on, couldn't connect to anything but air. Third wicket for Afridi.;D'Arcy Short b Shaheen Shah Afridi 28 (34b 1x4 0x6) SR: 82.35;
12.1;1;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Stoinis, 1 run floated full and across, driven down past the bowler for a single;
11.6;1;Shadab to Stoinis, 1 run works this with the spin to square leg, quick single taken.;
11.5;1;Shadab to Short, 1 run gentle little dab on this slider to short third man;
11.4;?;Shadab to Short, no run slides away from length on off, looks to cut but is beaten.;
11.3;1;Shadab to Stoinis, 1 run googly, wild swing, thick inside edge to deep square leg;
11.2;?;Shadab to Stoinis, no run too short, he makes room and cuts but straight to point;
11.1;?;Shadab to Stoinis, no run driven straight to cover.;
10.6;1;Usman Shinwari to Stoinis, 1 run pulled, not timed well, straight to midwicket.;
10.5;?;Usman Shinwari to Stoinis, no run stands tall and bunts this short of length delivery to the covers.;
10.4;1;Usman Shinwari to Short, 1 run steps out and slaps this pull to deep midwicket;
10.3;1;Usman Shinwari to Stoinis, 1 run thick outside edge as he looks to flay this on the up, down to third man;
10.2;?;Usman Shinwari to Stoinis, no run back of length delivery angling away, he shoulders arms;
10.1;1;Usman Shinwari to Short, 1 run hit hard into the ground at cover as they scamper a run;
9.6;W;Shadab to Maddinson, OUT wonderful bowling, Maddinson runs down the pitch without having a little clue about this googly that spuns past the face of the bat, Sarfraz completes a straightforward stumping. Australia sink further.;Nic Maddinson st ?Sarfaraz Ahmed b Shadab Khan 5 (8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 62.5;
9.5;1;Shadab to Short, 1 run punched back, uppishly but wide of Shadab, down to long-on;
9.4;2;Shadab to Short, 2 runs makes room and punches wide of sweeper cover;
9.3;2;Shadab to Short, 2 runs hit hard and flat, straight to sweeper cover;
9.2;2;Shadab to Short, 2 runs in the air again, but eludes the cover fielder who runs back to try and catch. They sneak a second.;
9.1;1;Shadab to Maddinson, 1 run sliced but safe, over point. Wanted to go over cover, but the ball drifted away to take the edge.;
8.6;1lb;Usman Shinwari to Maddinson, 1 leg bye walks across to flick, the ball angles in and deflects off the thigh pad to square leg;
8.5;1;Usman Shinwari to Short, 1 run backs away and slaps this back past the bowler to mid-off, failing to get the big hits. Good, tight bowling.;
8.4;1;Usman Shinwari to Maddinson, 1 run hint of width, stands tall and punches to sweeper cover.;
8.3;?;Usman Shinwari to Maddinson, no run flicked but straight to midwicket again;
8.2;?;Usman Shinwari to Maddinson, no run works this off middle and leg to midwicket, excellent work from Asif Ali. Moving swiftly to his left and then putting out a dive to save two;
8.1;1;Usman Shinwari to Short, 1 run makes room and punches wide of cover;
7.6;1;Shadab to Short, 1 run lunges out and drives through the line to sweeper cover;
7.5;?;Shadab to Short, no run keeps low, he hops back and defends.;
7.4;?;Shadab to Short, no run slider, defended to cover. Once again no turn.;
7.3;?;Shadab to Short, no run drifts away to beat him on the cut, no turn but he played for some;
7.2;1;Shadab to Maddinson, 1 run turns this gently to deep square;
7.1;1;Shadab to Short, 1 run works this with the spin to long-on;
6.6;2;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Maddinson, 2 runs on the pads, nicely worked away in front of square towards deep midwicket;
6.6;1w;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Maddinson, 1 wide swings away from outside off, left alone;
6.5;W;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Maxwell, OUT full, straight and gone. First he gets Finch, now Maxwell. Late inswing has done the trick. Maxwell looks to flick, misses and is trapped plumb in front. Shaheen Shah Afridi on fire;Glenn Maxwell lbw b Shaheen Shah Afridi 10 (8b 2x4 0x6) SR: 125;
6.4;?;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Maxwell, no run works this off the pad to midwicket;
6.3;?;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Maxwell, no run beauty! Cut him into two halves again. Maxwell is uncertain as he pushes at a length ball that holds its line. Bites off the deck as well to whizz past the inside edge;
6.2;4;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Maxwell, FOUR runs walked across just a touch to pull, didn't have room so he adjusted well and whipped this behind square to the fine leg boundary;
6.1;1;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Short, 1 run bunted back past the bowler, towards mid-on;
5.6;?;Faheem to Maxwell, no run beaten as he looks to flay this on the up over cover;
5.5;4;Faheem to Maxwell, FOUR runs clipped nicely to the fine leg boundary. Lovely use of his wrists. Hopped back and then used the angle of this length ball on leg to put that away;
5.4;2;Faheem to Maxwell, 2 runs just eludes midwicket. Uppishly whipped by Maxwell., in the air because he jabbed at this.;
5.3;?;Faheem to Maxwell, no run right behind the line of this length ball as he defends;
5.2;W;Faheem to Head, OUT the middle stump has been uprooted. What a sight for any fast bowler. Head looks to force this down the ground but plays outside the line of one that just nips away from length on leg to hit middle.;Travis Head b Faheem Ashraf 7 (4b 1x4 0x6) SR: 175;
5.1;1;Faheem to Short, 1 run off the thigh pad into the leg side, wanted to tickle it fine. Given runs though;
4.6;2;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Head, 2 runs tucked off his hip into the gap at midwicket;
4.5;1;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Short, 1 run defended nicely with soft hands to the off side as they scamper a run;
4.4;1;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Head, 1 run hops back and tucks this short of length delivery off his hip to square leg;
4.3;4;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Head, FOUR runs smashed to the point boundary. Too short, sitting up nicely to be cracked. He used the width nicely;
4.2;W;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Finch, OUT has he got him? Yes. Afridi leaps in celebration, Finch gets a thick inside edge on the way through to Sarfraz. He was looking to punch this away but the ball deviated a long way back in off the seam to cut him into two halves.;Aaron Finch c ?Sarfaraz Ahmed b Shaheen Shah Afridi 16 (11b 3x4 0x6) SR: 145.45;
4.1;4;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Finch, FOUR runs steps out and carves him over cover point. Lovely touch, lovely timing. Young man put under pressure immediately;
3.6;?;Faheem to Short, no run hammered on the up, but can't pierce the packed off side ring, straight to extra cover;
3.5;?;Faheem to Short, no run pulled but no control, hit off the top part, on the bounce to square leg.;
3.4;1;Faheem to Finch, 1 run hits the deck hard, gets some extra bounce off the deck, defended into the leg side;
3.3;1;Faheem to Short, 1 run looks to slap this over the bowler's head but gets it high on the bat, just eludes the bowler on his followthrough, rolls to mid-on;
3.2;1;Faheem to Finch, 1 run makes room to go over the off side, the bowler follows him. Finch bunts this past the bowler as they jog the single.;
3.1;1;Faheem to Short, 1 run whips this off his hip to deep square, one bounce to the fielder.;
2.6;1;Amir to Short, 1 run slower length ball on middle and leg, he tucks this into the leg side for a quick single;
2.5;1;Amir to Finch, 1 run hops back and punches this into the covers for a quick single;
2.4;1;Amir to Short, 1 run works this off his pads but can't pick the gap, straight to midwicket;
2.3;?;Amir to Short, no run pacy, late swing as well. Beaten. The movement meant he had to cover for the swing, Short didn't move his feet an inch this time as he wafted at it. Beaten;
2.2;1;Amir to Finch, 1 run whips this length ball on middle towards square leg, looks like there was a thick inside edge.;
2.1;1;Amir to Short, 1 run works this off his hip to deep square leg;
1.6;4;Faheem to Finch, FOUR runs straighter and more classier. One bounce to the long-off boundary. This was right in the slot, Finch got to the pitch and belted this away.;
1.5;2lb;Faheem to Finch, 2 leg byes works this off his hip towards the man coming in from deep square, lazy fielding, alert running;
1.4;4;Faheem to Finch, FOUR runs clean strike, one bounce over long-off. Stood his ground and lofted this length ball through the line;
1.3;?;Faheem to Finch, no run stands tall and punches back, the bowler does well to put his right hand out on the followthrough to stop that;
1.2;1;Faheem to Short, 1 run steers this length delivery to square third man;
1.1;?;Faheem to Short, no run slash and a miss. There was width, but he played through too early.;
0.6;?;Amir to Finch, no run stands tall and punches this length delivery on the up to point;
0.5;1;Amir to Short, 1 run punches this incoming length delivery wide of mid-on for a quick single;
0.4;?;Amir to Short, no run full on off, hint of shape away, he gets a good stride in and defends;
0.3;?;Amir to Short, no run eases this length ball to point;
0.2;4;Amir to Short, FOUR runs width outside off, he glides this down to third man where the fielder lets it through his legs, boundary when it should've just been one The fielder? 18-year old Shaheen Afridi;
0.1;?;Amir to Short, no run straightens after angling in from wide of the crease, nice shape. defended.;

11.45am That was a very short turnaround thanks to the over-rate. We're back on. D'arcy Short and Aaron Finch are Australia's openers predictably. Mohammad Amir with the new ball.
 Innings Start
Pakistan
Australia
5th match, Harare, Jul 5 2018, ZIM T20 Tri Series
194/7
149/7
Player of the match is Fakhar Zaman, PAK
Pakistan won by 45 runs
