Data
That's a good effort from Australia to pull that back after South Africa's Powerplay flyer. Tye and Coulter-Nile did an excellent job in the closing overs. Hard to judge a good score in a 10-over match, but South Africa might have wanted 10 more. Back in a few minutes for the chase.
JohaN: "Including the wickets, that's 18 dot balls... or the equivalent of 3 maidens out of 10 overs - not bad from Australia!"
Dr. Haroon: "Only 10 runs in last two overs. These overs will be the difference in the end"
9.6;?;Tye to Phehlukwayo, no run and another fresh air shot, swings across the line of a back-of-a-length delivery. Superb final over from Tye;
9.5;?;Tye to Phehlukwayo, no run back of a length, angled across outside off, he'll be annoyed he missed out on that;
9.4;2;Tye to Phehlukwayo, 2 runs full toss outside off, driven out to deep cover who can't stop the second on the big outfield;
9.3;W;Tye to Morris, OUT full outside off, big swing, thin edge, comfortable catch...the big build-up for Morris and he bags a golden;Chris Morris c ?Carey b Tye 0 (1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
9.3;1w;Tye to Morris, 1 wide that goes a bit wrong, dragged very wide outside off;
9.2;1;Tye to Behardien, 1 run a low full toss is heaved down to long-on;
9.1;W;Tye to Miller, OUT carves a wide full toss straight to deep cover, Australia finishing well so far. Miller gave himself a bit of room and ended up having to reach a long way for it;David Miller c Short b Tye 11 (10b 1x4 0x6) SR: 110;
8.6;2;Coulter-Nile to Behardien, 2 runs goes deep in the crease and sends a short-of-a-length delivery through backward point;
8.5;1lb;Coulter-Nile to Miller, 1 leg bye big appeal for lbw as he swings across the line, deflects off the back to short third man. That looked a pretty good shout;
8.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Miller, no run short of a length, a slower ball, defeats the pull and takes him in the stomach;
8.3;2;Coulter-Nile to Miller, 2 runs round the wicket, goes for the wide yorker, driven firmly square to deep point...South Africa's 100;
8.2;W;Coulter-Nile to Klaasen, OUT a length ball outside off, tries to clear long-on but doesn't connect well enough and finds the man;Heinrich Klaasen c Maxwell b Coulter-Nile 12 (6b 2x4 0x6) SR: 200;
8.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Miller, 1 run round the wicket, a length ball angling in, dabbed to short third man...singles are a good result for the bowling side;
7.6;4;Tye to Klaasen, FOUR runs a slower ball, full outside off, he does very well to get this up and over backward point;
7.5;1;Tye to Miller, 1 run that's a crunching cover drive, but the field is well set with deep cover quite wide...goes straight to him;
7.4;4;Tye to Miller, FOUR runs a short ball, he goes for the pull and gets a top edge straight back over the keeper;
7.3;2;Tye to Miller, 2 runs very full outside off, drives powerfully towards deep cover, a sliding save around the boundary;
7.2;1;Tye to Klaasen, 1 run low full toss at the stumps, clubbed to long-on;
7.1;1;Tye to Miller, 1 run short, pulled on the bounce to deep midwicket;
7.1;1nb;Tye to Miller, (no ball) oops, massive full toss, not sure if this was a knuckle ball which slips out. It pitches half way towards Carey as it flies over Miller's head;
6.6;W;Stanlake to du Plessis, OUT a brilliant parried boundary catch by Maxwell, we see them pretty often these days but they are still fantastic. This was pulled towards deep midwicket, Maxwell took it just inside the rope and had terrific awareness of where he was, flicks it in the air, jumps over the boundary then back inside to regather the catch;Faf du Plessis c Maxwell b Stanlake 27 (15b 4x4 0x6) SR: 180;
6.5;4;Stanlake to du Plessis, FOUR runs a big full toss, just manages to clear mid-on, didn't get it as cleanly as he wanted, came low down off the bat...Coulter-Nile couldn't quite get it with a leap;
6.4;2;Stanlake to du Plessis, 2 runs down the pitch again, it's a short delivery, swatted into the leg side...tennis-style;
6.3;?;Stanlake to du Plessis, no run gives himself room and picks out cover as this came off the middle, travelled at a rate of knots to the fielder;
6.3;2w;Stanlake to Klaasen, 2 wide that's very wide down the leg side, and they steal an extra run as well with Carey unable to prevent it with an under-arm throw;
6.2;4;Stanlake to Klaasen, FOUR runs that's superbly played, gives himself room outside leg then ramps this over short third man...using Stanlake's pace to his advantage;
6.1;2;Stanlake to Klaasen, 2 runs full and straight, 147kph, clipped through midwicket and they gamble on a second to Maxwell's arm;
5.6;4;Maxwell to du Plessis, FOUR runs but Carey can't stop this one, Maxwell firing it in very quickly, this time there's a thin scratch on it as du Plessis tries to heave to the leg side. Wasn't a catch, it nutmegged Carey;
5.5;?;Maxwell to du Plessis, no run a full toss, quick, fired across outside off and du Plessis misses. Carey does well to get a pad on it;
5.4;?;Maxwell to du Plessis, no run good work from Maxwell, dives to his right to cut off du Plessis' drive;
5.3;4;Maxwell to du Plessis, FOUR runs goes down on his back knee, fetches this from outside off with a slog-sweep to deep square;
5.2;1;Maxwell to Klaasen, 1 run low full toss from round the wicket, sent out to deep midwicket;
5.1;W;Maxwell to de Kock, OUT flatter, slides under the bottom edge as de Kock comes down the pitch, and offers a simple stumping for Carey;Quinton de Kock st ?Carey b Maxwell 22 (16b 0x4 2x6) SR: 137.5;
4.6;2;Short to du Plessis, 2 runs again he just clears the field, this time it slices off a thick outside edge and clears backward point;
4.5;4;Short to du Plessis, FOUR runs what power in that! That's a crunching, skimming cover drive which reaches the boundary in the blink of an eye;
4.4;2;Short to du Plessis, 2 runs finds space, gets some fortune...came down the pitch, done in the air, miscues his lofted drive but it lobs between cover running back and long-off coming in;
4.3;1lb;Short to de Kock, 1 leg bye big appeal for lbw as de Kock misses a conventional sweep and Finch calls the review...has it struck him outside the line of off stump? No bat involved. Yes, it's outside the line;
4.2;1;Short to du Plessis, 1 run steps to leg and drills down to long-off;
4.1;3;Short to de Kock, 3 runs starts a touch short, de Kock again moving to the leg side, drives behind point and a slip in the deep allows a third;
3.6;1lb;Maxwell to de Kock, 1 leg bye attempts a reverse sweep, takes the pad into the leg side;
3.5;?;Maxwell to de Kock, no run nearly drags this on as he moves outside leg, it's fired in by Maxwell, takes the bottom edge;
3.4;1;Maxwell to du Plessis, 1 run uses his feet and works a straight delivery through midwicket, Faf wanted the second but go sent back;
3.3;2;Maxwell to du Plessis, 2 runs gives himself room outside leg stump and carves this over backward point, a slicing drive;
3.2;1;Maxwell to de Kock, 1 run full at the stumps, pushed just to the on side and they steal a quick single;
3.1;1;Maxwell to du Plessis, 1 run round the wicket, tapped into midwicket;
2.6;?;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, no run length ball at off stump, 115kph, a slower one, angled to backward point;
2.5;W;Coulter-Nile to Hendricks, OUT and then the short ball works! Properly banged in this time, climbs a tough more on Hendricks, takes more top edge than middle out to deep square;Reeza Hendricks c McDermott b Coulter-Nile 19 (8b 3x4 1x6) SR: 237.5;
2.4;4;Coulter-Nile to Hendricks, FOUR runs and again! He's taking apart some average bowling here, short of a length outside off, Hendricks getting onto the front foot and clubs through midwicket;
2.3;6;Coulter-Nile to Hendricks, SIX runs miles into the stands as he pulls this from back of a length over deep midwicket;
2.2;4;Coulter-Nile to Hendricks, FOUR runs short outside off, clubbed through midwicket, this sits up nicely and its a dismissive shot;
2.1;4lb;Coulter-Nile to Hendricks, 4 leg byes short of a length, into the hip, he goes for the pull and it glances off the thigh pad to fine leg;
1.6;6;Stanlake to de Kock, SIX runs this time he connects! Full outside off, a lovely swing of the arms, drives up and over mid-off;
1.5;?;Stanlake to de Kock, no run crunches a drive off the front foot to mid-off;
1.4;?;Stanlake to de Kock, no run back of a length, taken on the pad as he again aims to leg but that pitched fairly short and must have been outisde leg;
1.3;?;Stanlake to de Kock, no run a might swing across the line as this slides across outside off;
1.2;1;Stanlake to Hendricks, 1 run back of a length outside off, played to backward point with an open face;
1.2;1w;Stanlake to Hendricks, 1 wide 142kph, pushed down the leg side;
1.1;1;Stanlake to de Kock, 1 run over the wicket, full at off stump, swung without much footwork through the leg side;
0.6;?;Behrendorff to Hendricks, no run length ball angled across, a swing and a miss...handy first over for South Africa;
0.5;4;Behrendorff to Hendricks, FOUR runs hammered! Offers up some width outside off, Hendricks drives on the up. Powerful;
0.4;3;Behrendorff to de Kock, 3 runs outside off, full, he comes forward and drives between cover and point;
0.3;6;Behrendorff to de Kock, SIX runs gets the line wrong, and clears deep square with a strong flick off his pads, just has the legs to clear the man on the rope. Similar to how he fell in the ODI series in Adelaide;
0.2;?;Behrendorff to de Kock, no run fuller, outside off, driven firmly to the covers and there's a superb save by McDermott;
0.1;2;Behrendorff to de Kock, 2 runs short of a length, angled into the pads, worked backward of square;

8.05pm So, finally, we are about to see some cricket...the umpires come out, Gerard Abood in his helmet. Jason Behrendorff, back in Australia colours, will bowl the first over
7.55pm Australia have won the toss and will bowl. Aaron Finch gets the choice on his birthday. "Wicket looks good," he says
Faf du Plessis says he would have bowled as well. "You still have to get yourself in," says du Plessis of the shorter game. He confirms that the three players who didn't play in the ODIs will get a game.
Australia Aaron Finch (capt), D'Arcy Short, Chris Lynn, Glenn Maxwell, Marcus Stoinis, Ben McDermott, Alex Carey (wk), Nathan Coulter-Nile, Andrew Tye, Jason Behrendorff, Billy Stanlake
South Africa Quinton de Kock (wk), Reeza Hendricks, Faf du Plessis (c), David Miller, Heinrich Klaasen, Farhaan Behardien, Andile Phehlukwayo, Chris Morris, Kagiso Rabada, Lungi Ngidi, Tabraiz Shamsi
strong>7.40pm The umpires have spoken to both captains. The players are now beginning their warm ups again. Aaron Finch and Justin Langer are having a serious discussion on the outfield. Presumably to discuss some plans that might change with the new conditions.
The umpires have confirmed we will start at 8.10pm. It will be a 10-overs a side game. Two overs maximum per bowler. The powerplay will be three overs. The toss will be at 7.55pm. 15 minutes from now.
Adrian: "Some T10I action before the T10 tournament kicks off! "
Nathan Coulter-Nile is picking a new ball out of the fourth umpire's box of balls. Jason Behrendorff is marking out his run.
7.30pm The rain has stopped. The crowd lets out a roar as the ground staff pulls the covers off. But there is a lot of standing water around the square. The supersoppers are mopping that up. The ground staff has told the broadcasters the clean up will take 40 minutes at least. That could mean a start around 8.10-8.15pm.
The wicket looks dry. No rain has got through the covers. So that's an excellent sign.
Michael: "Well the positive is that this is a T20 the Aussies won't lose. Did I speak too soon? " Maybe, Michael. Every chance we will get a game in.
7.15pm The wet stuff is still coming down and I have to say this is entering the not-looking-promising stage now. Here's the rain radar
7.00pm It's still raining so no major update at the moment. We are now losing overs.
While we wait, you could have a listen/watch of what Ian Chappell thinks of the ongoing debate about the bans of Smith, Warner and Bancroft.
6.40pm The rain is falling again, but not as heavy as before. The mopping up operation is continuing.
Brydon Coverdale (aka The Shark), who still occasionally pops up on these pages, has dug out a gem of a stat: "Gold Coast only needs to get 3 balls in to beat Harrup Park, Mackay, which technically has hosted international cricket, though only 2 balls back in the 1992 World Cup. The ground's run-scoring record is held by Kris Srikkanth, with 1."
Here's Frenchy with an update: "Sadly, the pub ran out of beer. We have had to make a dash to the stadium. But, the storm cell has expanded, light rain at the stadium. Positive is though, beers are cold & flowing again"
Ryan: "Any word on starting XI's for both teams?" Won't be anything until they know the length of the match
6.20pm Frenchy: "Radar is looking promising. It is very wet still. There is still the odd lightning flash. (Wait 30mins after the last?!) We have an issue at the pub across the road. It's running out of beer." Send emergency measures of beer to the pub across the road from the stadium!
Meanwhile, Sri Lanka are fighting back in their run chase against England. That could be a brilliant finish.
And in Abu Dhabi, Pakistan are closing in on a lead against New Zealand
TJ: "What's the crowd like? Gold Coast will be packed with high school leavers partying around the city. Generally locals try to stay home this time of year. Very poor scheduling by CA." Well, it sounds like it's partly that crowd they are trying to attract
6.15pm The umpires are out in the middle. The rain appears to have almost moved through. A few players have also emerged, so promising signs. The outfield appears to be coping very well. The groundstaff reckons about 40 minutes to get things ready
Andrew Symonds is in a very fetching shirt on the host broadcast
A very large rope is being brought out to run around the outfield
jan: "For T20s, Short should be open and Lynn and Maxi and 3 and 4 like last TriSeries. For ODI, Lynn at 3 or 6 and Maxi should at 5. Need to need a strike rotating batsman or use Carey at 4 for ODI."
This is the 'other part' of the tour that South Africa came on a couple of years ago where they played Tests
6.00pm If we do get a game it could well be truncated, but Australia have some decisions to make about their T20 batting order. Can Short only do it against pace? Where do you bat Maxwell and Lynn? Should it just be completely flexible?
5.55pm Aussie Fat Man: "Fox Sports are saying it will clear, but the radar says we're about to get smashed. An hour absolutely minimum till any play will be possible. More likely 90 minutes." I'm certainly not a local, so happy to take any guidance on offer!
5.45pm Ah, well, we are about to have the toss but it's tipping down at the ground. Very heavy rain. The local knowledge says this storm should pass. The ground has good drainage we are told.
Wilfred Hickens: "I'm a local near the ground and it is bucketing down with rain. The drainage system at the ground is not equipped to handle this weather. Unlikely to see a game tonight. Unless Justin Green is the groundsman?" We'll find out soon enough. Radar looks reasonably good behind this storm
JP: "I'm at a pub across the road from the ground. It's chaos. Not sure we will get much play tonight." Fingers crossed!
The outfield taking a lot of water at the moment
5.35pm David Eastley: "Can't get excited about these 1 off matches. Should be 3 games minimum in all formats and 5 max." I've also thought the balance of three, three, three is pretty good
5.20pm It's a busy day of international action around the world - welcome to our coverage of this one-off T20I between Australia and South Africa from the Gold Coast, a venue making its debut today as cricket goes (almost) to the beach. South Africa took the one-day series 2-1 and will be hoping to end their short tour on a high. Australia are wanting to kickstart their season. It will be Andrew McGlashan and Alex Malcolm to bring you the action.
It's also a little difficult to put these one-off matches into context, but if nothing else it should be a fun evening. The groundsman is hoping for a run-filled pitch. On the subject of T20Is, though, Faf du Plessis had some interesting thoughts on them:
"Football [has] a situation where it's playing for your clubs and then there's an international tournament. In my opinion that's a good place for T20 cricket to be in, because you shouldn't be trying to compete with the leagues because they are so strong at the moment. And I can see the same with other teams - it's almost never their strongest teams, and fans come to watch the best players play. That's where I see the game moving forward."
For Australia, though, this is the start of a little run in the format - four matches over the next week with three against India. They are coming off the back of a 3-0 drubbing against Pakistan in the UAE which hit the promising strides they had made in T20. Spin was their downfall in the UAE and they could face some handy ones over the next four matches so Alex Malcolm has had a delve into the numbers about the differences home and away.
 Innings Start
South Africa win by 21 runs and take this T10 match to follow the one-day series. Didn't look like we'd get a game at one stage. South Africa raced out of the blocks with the bat, got pulled back somewhat, but were again very good with the ball. Particularly noteworthy were the performances of Morris and Shamsi in their first outings of the tour.
Aaron Finch "They got off to a great start with the bat, maybe few too many runs. Chasing 110 everything has to go right. You need boundaries early and it just didn't happen. Those first few overs we let them get away a touch. The boys are still positive. We are moving in the right direction, some great improvements at training. We'll be ready to go again Wednesday. An exciting time for Australian cricket, keep the faith and we'll turn it around quickly."
Faf du Plessis "Bowlers once again stepped up. Produced the goods. There's a lot of slogging, so nice to pick up wickets. A good tour for us. We learned a few lessons from their bowling attack, made sure we got our field placings right. Australia is a really tough place to come and play cricket. To get a series win is always a huge achievement so we'll go back with our heads high."
Tabraiz Shamsi is Man of the match "Glad we got over the line. Always special playing against Australia. We weren't going to take it easy before flying home tomorrow."
We'll wrap things up for there for today. The three-match T20 series against India starts in Brisbane on Wednesday. Join us for those, but until then it's goodbye.
9.6;W;Ngidi to Maxwell, OUT a big full toss is clubbed down to long-on, the umpires say it's fine for height so it all ends with a wicket;Glenn Maxwell c Behardien b Ngidi 38 (23b 2x4 2x6) SR: 165.21;
9.5;1;Ngidi to Coulter-Nile, 1 run heaved out to deep midwicket;
9.4;?;Ngidi to Coulter-Nile, no run nearly cleans him up as he swings to leg against a length delivery;
9.3;?;Ngidi to Coulter-Nile, no run a full ball is speared between leg stump and the pads as he swings to leg;
9.3;1w;Ngidi to Coulter-Nile, 1 wide short outside off, he's not too impressed with that wide call;
9.2;1;Ngidi to Maxwell, 1 run full outside off, drilled down the ground;
9.1;6;Ngidi to Maxwell, SIX runs that's sweetly struck, stands much stiller, it's a length delivery and it's lofted well over long-on;
8.6;1;Rabada to Maxwell, 1 run follows him with a yorker well outside leg, clipped to deep square;
8.5;4;Rabada to Maxwell, FOUR runs gets a top edge and this hoick to leg and it flies to fine leg;
8.4;4;Rabada to Maxwell, FOUR runs another short one, makes a connection this time and pulls to fine leg off the glove;
8.4;1w;Rabada to Maxwell, 1 wide a shorter delivery, moves across outside off stump, misses the pull but gets the wide call;
8.3;?;Rabada to Maxwell, no run and now the follow-up is a dot as he moves outside leg, swings and misses;
8.2;1;Rabada to Coulter-Nile, 1 run jabs a length delivery into the leg side;
8.1;1;Rabada to Maxwell, 1 run follows him with a back-of-a-length delivery, deflects off the hip to third man;
7.6;1;Morris to Maxwell, 1 run it's all happening! Goes for the yorker, it's a low full toss which is driven to mid-off, almost carries for the catch, du Plessis collects on the half volley and goes for the run out by NCN makes it with a dive;
7.6;1w;Morris to Maxwell, 1 wide tries for the yorker, just gets it wrong and slips down the leg side;
7.5;?;Morris to Maxwell, no run this is superb from Morris, follows him with a short ball which Maxwell tries to ramp down to third man. Crowd want the wide, as does Maxwell. Probably a fair shout, actually;
7.4;?;Morris to Maxwell, no run another dot ball, this time a swing to leg against a short-of-a-length delivery;
7.3;?;Morris to Maxwell, no run full outside off, a slower ball, he's through the shot...perhaps moving around the crease too much;
7.2;2;Morris to Maxwell, 2 runs back of a length, follows Maxwell, carved over point. Keeps the strike;
7.1;2;Morris to Maxwell, 2 runs gets the yorker in but isn't backed up in the field, sliced towards backward point who dives over it;
6.6;W;Shamsi to Carey, OUT simple catch to long-off, came down the pitch but couldn't get the distance needed, slow through the air;Alex Carey c Klaasen b Shamsi 8 (7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 114.28;
6.5;1;Shamsi to Maxwell, 1 run full, can't get underneath it, dragged through midwicket;
6.4;1;Shamsi to Carey, 1 run gives himself room to a shorter delivery but it's just a single to long-on;
6.3;2;Shamsi to Carey, 2 runs sweetly struck, lofted straight down the ground, long-on does well to get across;
6.2;2;Shamsi to Carey, 2 runs swept to deep midwicket;
6.1;2;Shamsi to Carey, 2 runs he's saved by the fact this slog sweep doesn't come out of the middle, lobs between deep midwicket and long-on;
5.6;6;Phehlukwayo to Maxwell, SIX runs picks up this slower ball! Maxwell connects well, a full delivery angling in towards leg stump, he brings out the golf swing and clears deep midwicket;
5.5;2;Phehlukwayo to Maxwell, 2 runs driven through the off side, wide of long-off which allows him back for a second;
5.4;1;Phehlukwayo to Carey, 1 run on off stump, back of a length, opens the face through point;
5.3;?;Phehlukwayo to Carey, no run full and straight, pushed back to the bowler;
5.2;W;Phehlukwayo to McDermott, OUT scooped into the hands of de Kock! But at least he's not run out. Went across his crease, a short-of-a-length delivery, aims to scoop it over the keeper and it runs off the face;Ben McDermott c ?de Kock b Phehlukwayo 4 (6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
5.1;1;Phehlukwayo to Maxwell, 1 run steps outside leg stump and swings a length ball to long-on;
4.6;?;Shamsi to McDermott, no run pushed wide across outside off, a swing and a miss...not too far from a wide. Just four off the over;
4.5;?;Shamsi to McDermott, no run another attempt at a reverse sweep, doesn't make contact;
4.4;2;Shamsi to McDermott, 2 runs very wide outside off, goes well across his crease and drags a slog-sweep to deep midwicket;
4.3;1;Shamsi to Maxwell, 1 run goes back in the crease and pulls a flat delivery to deep midwicket;
4.2;?;Shamsi to Maxwell, no run short of a length, reverse swept but straight to backward point;
4.1;1;Shamsi to McDermott, 1 run short outside off, driven down to long-off;
3.6;1;Phehlukwayo to McDermott, 1 run full and straight, flicked to deep midwicket;
3.5;W;Phehlukwayo to Stoinis, OUT finds backward point this time! Goes for another drive, not quite as full, this time the face opens a touch and it's sliced in the air. Neat catch above the head;Marcus Stoinis c sub (AK Markram) b Phehlukwayo 5 (3b 1x4 0x6) SR: 166.66;
3.4;4;Phehlukwayo to Stoinis, FOUR runs another slower one, full outside off, and this is sent skimming to the cover boundary by a sweetly-struck drive;
3.3;1;Phehlukwayo to Maxwell, 1 run a slower ball, at the stumps, flicked through midwicket;
3.2;1;Phehlukwayo to Stoinis, 1 run another poor ball, full outside leg stump, he's fortunate Stoinis just flicks this for a single to long leg...would have been a wide;
3.2;1w;Phehlukwayo to Stoinis, 1 wide pushes down the leg side, hasn't started on the right line;
3.1;3;Phehlukwayo to Maxwell, 3 runs starts on leg stump and gets tickled away fine, Ngidi makes excellent ground around the rope to flick it back. Brilliant from a fast bowler;
2.6;W;Morris to Lynn, OUT cleaned him up! What an over from Morris. Gets the yorker bang on. Right at middle stump, Lynn gave himself a touch of room. Tailed in a touch as well, lovely delivery;Chris Lynn b Morris 14 (10b 3x4 0x6) SR: 140;
2.5;1;Morris to Maxwell, 1 run short of a length, good delivery, nips back at Maxwell who pushes it towards mid-off without much conviction;
2.4;W;Morris to Short, OUT picks out cover first ball! Short won't make an impact, follows his ODI duck in Perth with one here. Full outside off, was there for the shot, nice length for it, but just drove it to the edge of the circle;D'Arcy Short c Phehlukwayo b Morris 0 (1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
2.3;1;Morris to Lynn, 1 run hammered dead straight and into the stumps! That's cost him a boundary. Drills his drive off the middle, demolishes the timber;
2.2;4;Morris to Lynn, FOUR runs short of a length, a short-arm pull clears mid-on with some ease;
2.1;?;Morris to Lynn, no run skims past off stump as Lynn gives himself room to a length delivery;
1.6;W;Ngidi to Finch, OUT strikes this time! Back of a length, this doesn't bounce much, Finch swings to the leg side and his castled;Aaron Finch b Ngidi 7 (6b 1x4 0x6) SR: 116.66;
1.5;?;Ngidi to Finch, no run back of a length at off stump, a rare dot ball;
1.4;2;Ngidi to Finch, 2 runs dropped! And another mess-up in the field for South Africa. Three fielders converging and none of them really wanted it. Phehlukwayo the man who ended up dropping it. Finch was followed by a short-of-a-length delivery, sent it very high into midwicket. David Miller, running in off the boundary, may have had a better chance;
1.3;1;Ngidi to Lynn, 1 run a flat-batted swat to a short delivery, goes straight back towards the bowler who can't cut it off;
1.2;1lb;Ngidi to Finch, 1 leg bye short of a length, into the pads, drops down by his feet and Lynn calls him through;
1.1;4;Ngidi to Finch, FOUR runs comes down the pitch, it's back of a length, he does well to whip this off his pads behind square;
0.6;?;Rabada to Lynn, no run very good work from de Kock as he dives full length to cut off this bottom edge as Lynn aims leg side again;
0.5;4;Rabada to Lynn, FOUR runs now he gives himself some room to the leg side, this is fuller and straight, sliced over backward point;
0.4;4;Rabada to Lynn, FOUR runs misjudgement in the deep! This should have been a catch...Lynn pulls a back-of-a-length delivery towards deep square, Hendricks had come in too far and it lobbed over his head;
0.3;?;Rabada to Lynn, no run 144kph, short of a length, follows Lynn as he aims to pull through the leg side and beats him for pace;
0.2;4lb;Rabada to Lynn, 4 leg byes gets the line wrong, angled into the pads, just takes the thigh guard and it just has the legs to trickle into the boundary;
0.1;1;Rabada to Finch, 1 run back of a length at off stump, 143kph, worked out to deep midwicket;

Players back out in the middle...Sajid Tanoli: "How many power play overs will be bowled today?" It's three. Finch and Lynn to open the batting. Rabada will open the bowling...
 Innings Start
South Africa
Australia
Only T20I (N), Carrara, Nov 17 2018, South Africa tour of Australia
108/6
87/7
Player of the match is Tabraiz Shamsi, SA
South Africa won by 21 runs
