Data
5.15pm: There was some crackle and pop in that innings. Australia roared off, collapsed in the face of Andile Lucky Phehlukwayo, regrouped through blue-collar fifties from George Bailey and John Hastings and then stumbled at the end... but have they got enough? There have only been a couple of higher pursuits on the ground, but one of them was in South Africa's last game in Centurion, when they knocked off 319 against England with ease. Australia, remember, have a bowling attack with just 90 caps between them, but ABdV and Amla are missing for the hosts. Anyway, join us again in half an hour for The Chase.
49.6;4;Steyn to Worrall, FOUR runs full toss, whipped with fast hands, a crisp blow from Worrall to finish the innings with a four through square leg, Rabada's full-length dive unsuccessful - so, that means South Africa will need 295 to win;
49.5;1;Steyn to Boland, 1 run full outside off, Boland tries to lever a drive over mid-off, bounces short and Miller does well to stop it on the dive;
49.4;2;Steyn to Boland, 2 runs full and straight, clipped off the pads, this could be four... but Parnell does a good job on the fine-leg boundary;
49.3;?;Steyn to Boland, no run banged in short outside off, Boland swings and misses;
49.2;1;Steyn to Worrall, 1 run squeezed out through the leg side;
49.1;W;Steyn to Zampa, OUT scooped straight up and taken at mid-on! Second wicket for Dale Steyn, a carbon copy of Bailey's dismissal, the cutter too cute for Zampa and it's catching practice for Miller on the edge of the circle;Adam Zampa c Miller b Steyn 12 (21m 19b 1x4 0x6) SR: 63.15;
48.6;1;Rabada to Zampa, 1 run full-bunger to finish, Zampa makes room and clubs one through mid-off - decent over from the Gazelle of Doom, kept his figures just about respectable;
48.5;?;Rabada to Zampa, no run slips in the yorker, just off target, under the bat but past leg stump!;
48.4;?;Rabada to Zampa, no run another back-of-a-length ball, hits Zampa on the body and Rabada chases after it;
48.3;?;Rabada to Zampa, no run dug in, 146kph and aimed at the earhole, Zampa is off his feet! He wasn't far off windmilling a pull away but that was lightning quick and he ended up diving for cover;
48.2;1;Rabada to Worrall, 1 run tight line, Worrall plays it late and adroitly behind point to pick up a single;
48.1;1;Rabada to Zampa, 1 run pitched up on off and punched down the ground;
33.6;?;Tahir to Hastings, no run flighted, outside off, Hastings steers it down behind square;
33.5;1;Tahir to Bailey, 1 run pushed through on the stumps and Bailey nurdles one more to deep midwicket;
33.4;1;Tahir to Hastings, 1 run floated up on the stumps and worked through the leg side for one;
33.3;?;Tahir to Hastings, no run big lbw shout from Tahir, Hastings back in his crease, umpire Bongani Jele shakes the head... but SA like it and roll out the review. Could this be the moment the new DRS rules kick in for the bowler? No, because Hawk-Eye says it was missing leg stump! Not straightening quite enough, no bonus for Tahir;
33.2;?;Tahir to Hastings, no run tossed up on odd stump and defended into the covers;
33.1;?;Tahir to Hastings, no run flighted, maybe the googly, Hastings prods towards midwicket;
32.6;1;Rabada to Hastings, 1 run fullish, worked off the pads into the lg side for a single;
32.5;?;Rabada to Hastings, no run slips in the attempted yorker, thudding into the pads but heading slightly leg side;
32.4;?;Rabada to Hastings, no run good length on off and pushed away this time;
32.3;4;Rabada to Hastings, FOUR runs slashed over slip, Miller leaps but can't get there! Bit of a wiffy waft but Hastings gets away with it;
32.2;?;Rabada to Hastings, no run similar line and Hastings taps it down into the off side again;
32.1;?;Rabada to Hastings, no run back of a length and defended coming across on off;
47.6;?;Steyn to Worrall, no run fires in the yorker, slightly too full and Steyn then belts out an impassioned, almost-operatic appeal... Replays show it hit the middle of the bat. Oh;
47.5;3;Steyn to Zampa, 3 runs slugged over the off-side ring, a mishit drive but Phehlukwayo has his work cut out to get there... skims the fingertips but he can't hold on! Would have been a brilliant take coming down over his shoulder;
47.4;?;Steyn to Zampa, no run another slower ball, cleverly disguised, Zampa swings and misses;
47.3;2;Steyn to Zampa, 2 runs back of a length, bit of width and sliced away over backward point for a couple;
47.2;?;Steyn to Zampa, no run pitched full on off stump, gets forward but punches back to the bowler;
47.1;W;Steyn to Bailey, OUT the slower ball does him! Bailey gets right underneath it and slogs to mid-on, all height and no trousers, Australia's linchpin falls! Still almost three overs to go but Bailey had to try and get on with it if they are to breach 300;George Bailey c Miller b Steyn 74 (146m 90b 7x4 2x6) SR: 82.22;
46.6;?;Rabada to Zampa, no run banged in short and searing through above the attempted pull to finish the over;
46.5;?;Rabada to Zampa, no run appeal for lbw, followed by a missed run out at each end! All that for nothing... Rabada speared the ball into the blockhole, think Zampa bottom-edged it on to his boot, set off for the run, de Kock missed with an underarm and then Rabada chose not to throw at the non-striker's end with Bailey struggling to regain his ground!;
46.4;?;Rabada to Zampa, no run pitched up and following the batsman to leg, squeezed out;
46.3;4;Rabada to Zampa, FOUR runs back of a length, Zampa steps away... and creams a back-foot drive through the covers, lovely stroke;
46.2;?;Rabada to Zampa, no run good bouncer, Zampa flails unsuccessfully across the line;
46.1;?;Rabada to Zampa, no run shortish and at the body, worked short into the leg side;
31.6;?;Tahir to Bailey, no run worked out to the covers off the back foot. and that will be drinks;
31.5;1;Tahir to Hastings, 1 run eased down the ground to long-on;
31.4;?;Tahir to Hastings, no run standing tall on the back foot, and pushed out to cover;
31.3;?;Tahir to Hastings, no run tight bowling once again as short midwicket gathers;
31.2;1;Tahir to Bailey, 1 run down on one knee and swung through backward square;
31.1;1;Tahir to Hastings, 1 run on the front foot, pumped up the pitch to mid-off;
30.6;?;Phehlukwayo to Bailey, no run on the back foot, worked into the leg side and that's a maiden. Well bowled Lucky, he's been outstanding today after a slightly ropey start;
30.5;?;Phehlukwayo to Bailey, no run on the back foot, opens the face to angle the ball down to third man;
30.4;?;Phehlukwayo to Bailey, no run driven with intent, straight back to the bowler;
30.3;?;Phehlukwayo to Bailey, no run defended back down the track, tight line;
30.2;?;Phehlukwayo to Bailey, no run on the back foot, pushed into the leg side;
30.1;?;Phehlukwayo to Bailey, no run onto the front foot, and driven to cover;
29.6;?;Tahir to Hastings, no run on the pads, worked to the leg side;
29.5;?;Tahir to Hastings, no run lots of air outside off, dipping late and clubbed back towards the non-striker, where Tahir tidies up;
29.4;?;Tahir to Hastings, no run;
29.3;6;Tahir to Hastings, SIX runs googly, misdirected and a touch too short as well. Hastings has all the time in the world to rock onto the back foot, swivel through the line and clobber it over the rope!;
29.2;1;Tahir to Bailey, 1 run low full-toss, clipped out to deep midwicket;
29.1;?;Tahir to Bailey, no run angled defence into the off side;
28.6;?;Phehlukwayo to Hastings, no run good wheels, whizzing through from back of a length;
28.5;W;Phehlukwayo to Bailey, OUT on the pads, clipped to midwicket and David Miller, on the dive, smashes the stumps at the non-striker's end with Wade nowhere close to the picture! Outstanding sharp work and a vital breakthrough;Matthew Wade run out (Miller) 5 (14m 10b 1x4 0x6) SR: 50;
28.4;1;Phehlukwayo to Wade, 1 run on the back foot, pushed into the covers where an excellent grab limits the damage;
28.3;?;Phehlukwayo to Wade, no run tight line and defended into the leg side;
28.2;?;Phehlukwayo to Wade, no run pushed back onto the stumps and defended;
28.1;1;Phehlukwayo to Bailey, 1 run on the pads, and worked behind square;
27.6;?;Tahir to Wade, no run on the back foot and defended;
27.5;4;Tahir to Wade, FOUR runs outside off, and punched sweetly off the back foot through the covers. Well placed;
27.4;?;Tahir to Wade, no run;
27.3;?;Tahir to Wade, no run;
27.2;?;Tahir to Wade, no run worked into the leg side, from a tight line once again;
27.1;?;Tahir to Wade, no run tossed onto a good length, and defended to the off side;
26.6;?;Steyn to Bailey, no run driven on the up, off the back foot, to short cover;
26.5;4;Steyn to Bailey, FOUR runs a crashing cut, as Steyn loses his line in a slightly furious upping of the pace, and that is slam-basted through third man. A costly return so far ...;
26.4;4;Steyn to Bailey, FOUR runs a genuine edge, and a simple catch for second slip in a Test match... but this is a one-dayer, so it's a well-placed four through third man. Sucks to be a bowler these days...;
26.3;?;Steyn to Bailey, no run onto the front foot, driven on the up to cover;
26.2;2;Steyn to Bailey, 2 runs outside off and a sweetly timed crunch to deep point where Duminy does well to cut off the boundary;
26.1;4;Steyn to Bailey, FOUR runs inside edge, and those are unlucky runs to concede. No-one there ...;
25.6;?;Tahir to Wade, no run cripes, that was close! Down on one knee for the sweep, and that plants a smacker on the new batsman's chest! If it had turned, he could easily have been bowled round his legs as he was nowhere near that;
25.5;W;Tahir to Head, OUT that is tremendous wrist-spin bowling. Beautiful flight, luring Head out of the crease, dipping late, and lo and behold, it's the googly to boot. Zips past a flailing edge like a winger side-stepping the fullback, and off come the bails!;Travis Head st ?de Kock b Imran Tahir 18 (25m 18b 2x4 0x6) SR: 100;
25.4;?;Tahir to Head, no run good areas ...;
25.3;?;Tahir to Head, no run clipped off the pads but straight to midwicket;
25.2;1;Tahir to Bailey, 1 run looped onto a good length outside off, pushed circumspectly to long-off for the single;
25.1;1;Tahir to Head, 1 run stabbed into the off side, and a quick single;
24.6;?;Behardien to Bailey, no run outside off, poked to third man again but fielded this time;
24.5;4;Behardien to Bailey, FOUR runs worked through third man with soft hands, and that's a pretty feeble dive at backward point. All the way to the rope and Bailey marches on;
24.4;?;Behardien to Bailey, no run tight line on off stump, Bailey attempts to work into the leg-side but the bowler fields in his followthrough;
24.3;1;Behardien to Head, 1 run tapped down to long-on;
24.2;1;Behardien to Bailey, 1 run a sharp single to short midwicket, and Head was on his heels and had the throw been any closer to the keeper, he would surely have been a goner! Lucky...;
24.1;1;Behardien to Head, 1 run eased down the ground;
23.6;6;Tahir to Bailey, SIX runs now that's a better six! A big stride, a free flow of the bat, and an effortless deposit over the bowler's head. Plops onto the concourse, five metres beyond the rope;
23.5;?;Tahir to Bailey, no run onto the front foot, worked around the pad to midwicket;
23.4;1;Tahir to Head, 1 run outside off, hangs back in the crease, and worked down to third man;
23.3;2;Tahir to Head, 2 runs loopy full toss, on the pads, and flicked hard out to deep midwicket;
23.2;1;Tahir to Bailey, 1 run another googly, turns sharply and defended to the leg side;
23.1;1;Tahir to Head, 1 run pushed back down the pitch;
22.6;6;Behardien to Bailey, SIX runs a big mow, a spiralling top-edge, who wants this ... no, in fact, it's cleared everyone and caught the breeze in the thin Highveld air, and plopped over the rope at third man! A bit of a let-off. Not the most convincing six of his career;
22.5;?;Behardien to Bailey, no run tight line, offering nothing to get one's teeth into. Defended back to the bowler with a frustrated push;
22.4;?;Behardien to Bailey, no run an ambitious wipe, aiming to clear mid-off, but no connection this time;
22.3;?;Behardien to Bailey, no run wider on the crease, as a Chris-Harris-esque leg-roller floats onto a good length and is pushed to cover;
22.2;1;Behardien to Head, 1 run tight line, eased off the hip to midwicket;
22.1;1;Behardien to Bailey, 1 run dobbled onto a good length, a distinct lack of pace;
21.6;1;Tahir to Bailey, 1 run the googly to finish Bailey climbs into a pull and scuffs it behind square;
21.5;?;Tahir to Bailey, no run reverse sweep, into position early but doesn't quite nail it;
21.4;?;Tahir to Bailey, no run thumped into the covers once again;
21.3;?;Tahir to Bailey, no run outside off, worked into the covers;
21.2;?;Tahir to Bailey, no run well bowled, tight line on off stump and kicking on after pitching. Defended on the back foot;
21.1;1;Tahir to Head, 1 run on the pads, worked fine and blimey, that would have been out by a mile if Parnell's shy had smashed the stumps at the non-striker's end. Tahir could have done a bit more to get behind the stumps too...;
20.6;1;Phehlukwayo to Head, 1 run on the hands, flicked square;
20.5;?;Phehlukwayo to Head, no run tight line once again;
20.4;?;Phehlukwayo to Head, no run punched back to the bowler, well timed again but too straight to beat the man in his followthrough;
20.3;1;Phehlukwayo to Bailey, 1 run fuller and floatier. Drilled into the covers with lots of bottom hand for emphasis;
20.2;?;Phehlukwayo to Bailey, no run beautiful bowling... now you see it, now you don't. Outside off, hitting the seam, lay a bat on that if you can!;
20.1;?;Phehlukwayo to Bailey, no run punched down to mid-on;
19.6;4;Parnell to Head, FOUR runs a whistling flick through midwicket to finish the over. Even better contact than his opening boundary. You can't stray near this chap's pads!;
19.5;?;Parnell to Head, no run a bit of swing from a full length, Head shoulders arms;
19.4;?;Parnell to Head, no run wider line outside off, Head leaves alone;
19.3;4;Parnell to Head, FOUR runs wafted out through midwicket, a lovely flowing strike, using the angle into the pads and putting it away with aplomb;
19.2;1;Parnell to Bailey, 1 run wafted off the back foot, out to deep point;
19.1;?;Parnell to Bailey, no run keeps a touch low and worked to the leg side with a shuffle across the crease;
18.6;W;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, OUT edged, and stunningly caught by a one-handed de Kock behind the stumps! The extra delivery pays dividends, as Marsh hangs back in the crease, is drawn into a loose poke by the extra bounce, and the keeper snaffles it almost in slow motion, high to his right! Lucky strikes again! Trebles all round!;Mitchell Marsh c ?de Kock b Phehlukwayo 31 (28m 25b 5x4 1x6) SR: 124;
18.6;1w;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, 1 wide another whistling bouncer, but he's bowled his one for the over, so this one is called. Unlucky, as that was a good sharp delivery;
18.5;?;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, no run crunched down the ground, so straight that it splats the non-striker's stumps. That would have been four all the way;
18.4;4;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, FOUR runs that's a tremendous wallop through midwicket, rocking back and summing up the length with a dismissive waft of the bat. Shades of Punter in that expert length-picking;
18.3;?;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, no run banged in short, hops over the batsman's shoulder, and he gets away without a wide being called. Well bowled;
18.2;1;Phehlukwayo to Bailey, 1 run pushed back into the crease, and fenced down to third man with a loose poke of the blade;
18.1;1;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, 1 run outside off, driven into the covers;
17.6;1;Parnell to Marsh, 1 run outside off, drilled on the up into the covers;
17.5;?;Parnell to Marsh, no run opens the face this time in an attempted glide through third man, but point tidies up;
17.4;?;Parnell to Marsh, no run well bowled again, a fraction back of a length, and a very tight line across the right-hander. Forcing Australia to hit on the up if they dare;
17.3;?;Parnell to Marsh, no run solid defence on the front foot;
17.2;?;Parnell to Marsh, no run better line;
17.1;4;Parnell to Marsh, FOUR runs thumped through midwicket, the bat turned on impact, but half a bat was plenty to spank that one to the rope;
16.6;?;Phehlukwayo to Bailey, no run angled in and defended into the leg-side;
16.5;?;Phehlukwayo to Bailey, no run defended off the back foot once more;
16.4;?;Phehlukwayo to Bailey, no run tight line, blocked back down the pitch;
16.3;?;Phehlukwayo to Bailey, no run outside off, slightly over-pitched but not quite timed into the covers;
16.2;?;Phehlukwayo to Bailey, no run standing tall on the back foot, defended;
16.1;1;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, 1 run pushed into the covers;
15.6;1lb;Parnell to Marsh, 1 leg bye round the wicket, speared into the pads, tucked behind square;
15.5;1;Parnell to Bailey, 1 run a bit of width and chopped through point;
15.4;?;Parnell to Bailey, no run pushed onto the back foot, stout defence;
15.3;1;Parnell to Marsh, 1 run worked off the hip for another single;
15.2;1;Parnell to Bailey, 1 run nudged behind square, prompting Parnell to come round the wicket ...;
15.1;4;Parnell to Bailey, FOUR runs smoked through the covers, have some of that. Overpitched a touch, and wallop;
14.6;?;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, no run length ball, 132kph and prodded back watchfully into the off side;
14.5;4;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, FOUR runs short ball, swivels on the pull, clubbed hard behind square and although it's in the air it skips away to the fence;
14.4;?;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, no run good, tight line on off stump, Marsh pushes it away;
14.3;1;Phehlukwayo to Bailey, 1 run back of a length, Bailey hacks at a pull and gets one away through midwicket;
14.2;?;Phehlukwayo to Bailey, no run shortish and defended from the crease on off;
14.1;?;Phehlukwayo to Bailey, no run lovely shape on this one, moving away late from a fullish length, drawing Bailey forward like a magnet before beating the bat;
13.6;?;Rabada to Marsh, no run line and and length outside off, happy to let this through and finish an expensive over with a dot;
13.5;4;Rabada to Marsh, FOUR runs dug in short at 140kph and smashed on the pull through midwicket! That is the shot of a man who is seeing it well, just his sixth delivery;
13.4;?;Rabada to Marsh, no run good length outside off, lets this one go;
13.3;4;Rabada to Marsh, FOUR runs full toss and treated as such, a Marsh blast back past the bowler, beats mid-off and races away - that's the Australian ton up;
13.2;?;Rabada to Marsh, no run better line, driven into the ground, Rabada sticks out a paw to stop it;
13.1;6;Rabada to Marsh, SIX runs full on the pads and swiped for six! That's a sweet connection, just a pick-up flick but it sails into the boundary boards, Marsh sixing things up already;
12.6;1;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, 1 run slower ball, swatted down through midwicket for one;
12.5;?;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, no run goes back and across and dabs the ball down square;
12.4;W;Phehlukwayo to Smith, OUT fuller, straighter, rattling into the pads... up goes the finger! Smith seemed to simply misjudge the length, caught on the crease trying to glance to leg, but he reviews the decision, hoping for a reprieve. No chance, that's hitting middle and leg, Smith is out! Two in the over for "Lucky"!;Steven Smith lbw b Phehlukwayo 8 (21m 11b 2x4 0x6) SR: 72.72;
12.3;?;Phehlukwayo to Smith, no run good length around the line of off, blocked on the front foot;
12.3;1w;Phehlukwayo to Smith, 1 wide dug in and flying through above head height, Smith barely glances at it;
12.2;1;Phehlukwayo to Bailey, 1 run shuffles across to defend on off, they pinch a single;
12.1;W;Phehlukwayo to Finch, OUT short ball, flicked off the body in the air, Parnell throws himself forward at short fine leg... but did it carry? The SA fielders think so but Finch stands his ground and the third umpire will have to make a call on this. It was a tumbling effort on the edge of the ring, looks on first glance that he managed to get his fingers under the ball; but, with the number of replays being looked at by Nigel Llong, we're into the realms of foreshortening. But no, it's given! Think that's the right call, in real time Parnell appeared to have scooped it up from above the turf. Phehlukwayo - surely time we nicknamed him "Lucky" - gets his wicket;Aaron Finch c Parnell b Phehlukwayo 33 (57m 28b 4x4 2x6) SR: 117.85;
11.6;?;Parnell to Smith, no run digs in the bouncer, Smith ducks nonchalantly underneath;
11.5;?;Parnell to Smith, no run tighter to the stumps, Smith pushes back towards the bowler;
11.4;4;Parnell to Smith, FOUR runs SA leaking runs like a colander right now, too full in the channel and Smith showcases his cover drive this time, pinged in front of the off-side sweeper;
11.3;?;Parnell to Smith, no run touch short, Smith tries to flick to leg and this time is hit on the thigh pad;
11.2;?;Parnell to Smith, no run jumps across to defend down into the off side;
11.1;4;Parnell to Smith, FOUR runs whipped of the pads, that's timed like a Rolex by Smith, just a step into line and he gets it in front of deep square leg for his first runs;
10.6;4;Phehlukwayo to Finch, FOUR runs bit of width outside off and Finch slams four more through backward point! Two dots morph into 16 runs conceded in Phehlukwayo's opening over, a brutal back-foot mow skimming past the diving fielder;
10.5;4;Phehlukwayo to Finch, FOUR runs goes for the slower ball, slightly short and this sits up to be roundhoused through midwicket for another boundary;
10.4;6;Phehlukwayo to Finch, SIX runs that's why he doesn't want to pitch it up... in the slot outside off and Finch clears the ropes for the second over in succession, drilling a handsome six back over the bowler's head;
10.3;2;Phehlukwayo to Finch, 2 runs slightly short again and worked off the hips for a couple to fine leg;
10.2;?;Phehlukwayo to Finch, no run Finch goes back and across and defends back to the bowler;
10.1;?;Phehlukwayo to Finch, no run pops the ball slightly back of a length on off, 132kph and worked softly to the leg side;
9.6;?;Parnell to Smith, no run shorter and straighter again, 136kph and tapped down towards square leg;
9.5;?;Parnell to Smith, no run fuller, outside off, driven into the ground and fielded in the covers;
9.4;?;Parnell to Smith, no run slightly back of a length on the stumps, defended from the crease walking across;
9.3;W;Parnell to Warner, OUT chipped to mid-off, Parnell strikes! Maybe stopped in the pitch a fraction... Certainly Warner was not on top of a regulation check drive, looped off the face of the bat and Phehlukwayo held on running to his right. All going off in Parnell's opening over;David Warner c Phehlukwayo b Parnell 40 (41m 36b 5x4 1x6) SR: 111.11;
9.2;1;Parnell to Finch, 1 run goes short in response and Finch muscles a pull to deep backward square, just one with the man out there;
9.1;6;Parnell to Finch, SIX runs well, hello, that's a welcome! Slightly full outside off to begin with and Finch pops on his range-finder, launches six over wide long-off! G'day, mate;
8.6;?;Steyn to Warner, no run better line and length, 145kph on middle and off, blocked;
8.5;1;Steyn to Finch, 1 run Steyn goes a touch too straight again, Finch flicks off his pads at the top of the bounce, some good fielding keeps them to one;
8.4;1;Steyn to Warner, 1 run short of a length, pushed across outside off, Warner glides one to third man;
8.3;1;Steyn to Finch, 1 run on the body, Finch nudges another single to leg;
8.2;3;Steyn to Warner, 3 runs pitched up and slapped over the covers, doesn't quite get hold of it and the ball is hauled in front of the rope;
8.1;?;Steyn to Warner, no run back of a length, tapped down square on the off side;
7.6;2lb;Rabada to Finch, 2 leg byes slips one in full and straight, maybe sliding to leg, deflects off the pads behind square as Rabada's appeal dies in his throat - that's the Australia 50, brought up at a good rate;
7.5;?;Rabada to Finch, no run bangs in another short ball, quicker and rising like steam from a kettle over Finch's shoulder, that's one for the over;
7.4;?;Rabada to Finch, no run dug in short, 136kph over middle and leg, Finch not interested in pulling;
7.3;1;Rabada to Warner, 1 run touch short and straight again, nudged through backward square for one;
7.3;1w;Rabada to Warner, 1 wide back of a length, down the leg side, swing and a miss;
7.2;?;Rabada to Warner, no run give it some licks! Warner hops back and takes a 151kph ball on the body, wind briefly knocked from his sails. The Gazelle of Doom walks back to his mark with a quiet smile on his face;
7.1;1lb;Rabada to Finch, 1 leg bye fullish, curving in, flicks off the pad as Finch works across the line;
6.6;?;Steyn to Warner, no run good length in the channel, Warner presses out to block - intriguing contest, this;
6.5;?;Steyn to Warner, no run drags his length back a touch, 142kph and shaping on middle and leg, tucked to midwicket;
6.4;4;Steyn to Warner, FOUR runs tally ho! Slightly too full from Steyn, no swing this time and Warner clubs through the line, a golf swing down the ground for four more!;
6.3;?;Steyn to Warner, no run shorter length, goes back and drops down behind square on the off side;
6.2;?;Steyn to Warner, no run pushed across and straightening on off, 141kph and again respectfully defended from the crease;
6.1;?;Steyn to Warner, no run good length around off stump, giving nothing away, Warner defends;
5.6;1;Rabada to Warner, 1 run pitched up on off, Warner gets forward and dinks a single fine of mid-off to keep the strike;
5.5;?;Rabada to Warner, no run angled across, chopped down into the off side;
5.4;4;Rabada to Warner, FOUR runs touch full, Warner is on the drive... and he picks up four more, a poor bit of fielding in the covers gifting a seventh boundary of the innings;
5.3;?;Rabada to Warner, no run beats the outside edge, extra bounce this time and Warner was feeling for it. Rabada stops momentarily to scrutinise the batsman in his crease;
5.2;?;Rabada to Warner, no run shortish, 136kph outside off, slapped straight to the fielder;
5.1;2;Rabada to Warner, 2 runs comes forward and pushes a length ball into the off side, mid-off gets to it and underarms into the non-striker's stumps... with the ricochet gifting Australia a second run;
4.6;4;Steyn to Finch, FOUR runs too straight this time and Finch helps himself, length on the pads and clipped with alacrity through backward square leg;
4.5;?;Steyn to Finch, no run ripper of a ball, though another unwise shot selection from Finch, trying to drive off the back foot, a 141kph delivery sharks past the outside edge;
4.4;?;Steyn to Finch, no run Finch shuffles across and taps the ball away to leg again;
4.3;?;Steyn to Finch, no run slightly back of a length, angling in with the arm, nudged to the leg side;
4.2;1;Steyn to Warner, 1 run pitched up and punched into the covers for one;
4.1;6;Steyn to Warner, SIX runs dug in, on the hips... and Warner scoops it high over fine leg for the first six of the innings! Used the pace well, quicksilver hands and Steyn was dumped well beyond the fence;
3.6;1;Rabada to Warner, 1 run wheels from Rabada, back of a length at 149kph, Warner rides it and drops one into the covers;
3.5;?;Rabada to Warner, no run fuller, outside off, Warner makes room and pings a drive towards mid-off, Phehlukwayo nearly does himself by going too far to his right but grabs it at the last moment;
3.5;1w;Rabada to Warner, 1 wide bangs in the short ball this time, climbs too high;
3.4;?;Rabada to Warner, no run full-bunger, nearly manages to slip it under the toe of the bat, Warner drops his meat cleaver in time;
3.3;?;Rabada to Warner, no run pitched up and driven into the covers, dropped by the fielder, the crowd groans... but it was a bump ball;
3.2;4;Rabada to Warner, FOUR runs drops short and wide and again Warner chases it, slashed hard on the up over backward point and away;
3.1;?;Rabada to Warner, no run back of a length, on the pads but it beats Warner for pace;
2.6;?;Steyn to Finch, no run length ball on off, Finch pumps it in the air again, short of mid-off this time;
2.5;4;Steyn to Finch, FOUR runs driven, in the air, did Steyn get a hand on that? Yes, looks like he did, just grazed the fingertips, though hard to call it a drop... Thumped back down the ground for Finch's first runs;
2.4;?;Steyn to Finch, no run back of a length, this seems to nip in a fraction, Finch wears it on the thigh pad;
2.3;1lb;Steyn to Warner, 1 leg bye short, slightly leg side, jumps a bit and deflects behind square off the padding;
2.2;?;Steyn to Warner, no run a touch fuller, 141kph around the line of off, Warner pushes back down the ground, mid-off comes across;
2.1;?;Steyn to Warner, no run Steyn settling into a groove, bringing the ball back on off, Warner covers up;
1.6;?;Rabada to Finch, no run back of a length, good pace and bounce, Finch turns to the leg side;
1.6;1w;Rabada to Finch, 1 wide fires a bumper down the leg side - easy money;
1.5;?;Rabada to Finch, no run slightly back of a length outside off, 139kph and rising through to the keeper as Finch leaves alone;
1.4;?;Rabada to Finch, no run pitched up in the channel outside off, Finch leans into a mistimed drive;
1.3;1;Rabada to Warner, 1 run drags his length back, fended away off the hips for a single;
1.2;4;Rabada to Warner, FOUR runs again some width, Warner latches on, such power in those hands as he rattles a cut through point, blink and you miss it;
1.1;4;Rabada to Warner, FOUR runs starts with a bit of a loosener, 125 clicks and wide of the off stump, Warner lashes out and carves himself four wide of third man;
0.6;?;Steyn to Finch, no run snaking in with the arm, good length, 140kph and blocked diligently into the off side - solid start from SA's senior paceman;
0.5;?;Steyn to Finch, no run slightly straighter, lovely shape from Steyn, punched on the up to mid-off;
0.4;?;Steyn to Finch, no run done him, 134kph and swinging the outside edge! Not a very edifying shot from Finch, trying to belabour his first ball over cover and failing to connect;
0.3;3;Steyn to Warner, 3 runs pitched up, a fraction wide and Warner bullies it through the covers, gets forward and cuffs three between two men out towards the boundary rope;
0.2;?;Steyn to Warner, no run tight lines from Steyn - it's like he never went away - and Warner has to be watchful in defence again;
0.1;?;Steyn to Warner, no run over the wicket, steams in and places the ball on a length, shaping back and blocked in front of the stumps;

Dale Steyn it is to open the bowling, from the Pavilion End, two slips in. Davey Warner on strike
1.25pm: Some clouds drifting in above SuperSport Park, Firdose says there's a possibility of rain later. Looks a fairly crisp, flat deck. Can Steyn make it talk?
"Isn't Dwaine Pretorius out and Phehlukwayo in because of that policy of maintaining a certain no. of 'players of color', since Amla isn't playing and is replaced by Rossouw? Just asking.." I can't tell you the answer to that, Aashish Calla. But I believe the 4+2 quota has been met for this match.
1.20pm: A reminder for everyone that we will be playing under the new DRS regs for lbw reviews: funky visual explainer here. It's also a chance for the likes of Hastings, Worrall and Boland (some fair dinkum names there) to impress, with Australia missing their first-choice attack.
"Cracking day of cricket!! Good day all! What's up with Amla? Injured or resting?" He's ill, Stiaan. And he's also just become a father for the third time. So he's grabbing all the shut-eye he can.
Meanwhile, durgeshkulkarni is vainly attempting to slide a Rizla between the two sides: "South African bowling line-up looks way better than that of Australian but the number match-winners Australian team have, we certainly cannot decide who will win this contest!!!"
1.10pm: So, Australia inserted, what will the Centurion deck be like? The last ODI there saw SA comfortably chase down 319 against England, so that will presumably be the template. And to add to the challenge, Steyn's alive, too - playing his first ODI in almost a year. Australia will be wary.
"All these dining-related puns...you're working up to a reference to choking, aren't you?" Tsk tsk, Mal. That would be too easy. Besides, SA only need Heimlich assistance at major tournaments, you know...
1pm: South Africa win the toss and bowl, and the big team news is that Hashim Amla is out with the flu. Rilee Rossouw will take his place (there's no Temba Bavuma, who scored a ton against Ireland on debut last week, in the SA squad); Dwaine Pretorius and Aaron Phangiso lose out to the returning Dale Steyn and Imran Tahir. Steven Smith says he would have preferred to chase as well. For Australia, Aaron Finch replaces Usman Khawaja, who was also in the runs against Ireland. In fact, both Man of the Match winners have been dropped... Quirk that.
South Africa 1 Quinton de Kock (wk), 2 Rilee Rossouw, 3 Faf du Plessis (capt), 4 JP Duminy, 5 David Miller, 6 Farhaan Behardien, 7 Wayne Parnell, 8 Andile Phehlukwayo, 9 Dale Steyn, 10 Kagiso Rabada, 11 Imran Tahir
Australia 1 David Warner, 2 Aaron Finch, 3 Steven Smith (capt), 4 George Bailey, 5 Travis Head, 6 Mitchell Marsh, 7 Mathew Wade (wk), 8 John Hastings, 9 Adam Zampa, 10 Daniel Worrall, 11 Scott Boland
12.55pm: Firdose informs me that the Aussie rugger boys have also rocked up in SA for the weekend - so it's a real beef sandwich, with cricket-rugby-cricket over the next few days. For those interested in that Rugby Championship match, head over here.
12.45pm: Roll up, roll up, folks. It's time for the grudge match. A fixture that creates sparks. Australia are in town and South Africa has sat up to take notice. After both sides gobbled up their Irish amuse bouche, it is time to tuck in for the full, five- course ODI experience. Dale Steyn is back; Steven Smith is rested up; Dan Worrall is, er, here. A couple of big beasts in AB de Villiers and Mitchell Starc are missing but this should be a right old rumble. You can get stuck in with Firdose's preview and we'll be bringing you the toss and teams shortly. This Alan Gardner, rolling up my shirts sleeves, with Andrew Miller sparring in the corner, ready to tag in.
 Innings Start
8.40pm: Right, that's a wrap from us, you can read all about a special innings from the Mighty Quin in Firdose's report and we'll be back in a couple of days for the second match of the series, in Johannesburg on Sunday. Stay classy!
8.35pm: Time for the presentations, starting with Australia's Steven Smith: "Probably a 370-380 wicket, a lot of guys got starts but couldn't go on to the big hundred like Quinton did. I thought he played magnificently. We wanted 300 after the start we got but we lost wickets in clumps, always difficult after that. We did well to get back into it through the partnership of George Bailey and John Hastings but it wasn't enough tonight. We'll have to get our areas a bit better with the ball. Hopefully the rugby boys can do a little bit better against the Springboks."
South Africa captain Faf du Plessis: "Good toss to win. Strangely, the stats say batting first is better but those of have grown up here know what it's like with the ball skidding on, it was a good chase to pull off. That doesn't take anything away from the seriousness of Quinton de Kock's knock, and Rillee Rossouw up front. When you have a team six down, like we did - that 80-plus partnership, we'd like to be a bit more clinical than that. I went in and asked Quinny to keep doing his thing, keep smashing them. Australia are a very good one-day side, so to put some pressure on them going 1-0 up is amazing."
Andile Phehluk... Just kidding, Quinton de Kock is named Man of the Match: "The wicket felt very nice, it changed a bit in the evening, came on quite nicely. We were able to play freely, not have to do anything extravagant. [Married recently, good for form?] Hasn't been too bad, no downs yet, only ups. [Broken bat?] Hopefully they'll give me another one."
8.25pm: Little Quinny de Kock played a big knock tonight and it saw South Africa cruise to victory and a 1-0 lead in the series. Australia's frenetic innings produced a total that should at least have been testing but, after a century opening stand, de Kock put the absolute tin lid on any thoughts of an upset. Power, timing and a frightening range of strokes gave an inexperienced Australia attack a proper hiding... How to chase 300? With QDK it's QED.
36.2;1;Worrall to Miller, 1 run tucked off the hips, past midwicket... that's the badger, South Africa win by six wickets;
36.1;?;Worrall to Miller, no run length ball in the channel, Miller drops it towards backward point... no run there!;
35.6;1;Boland to Miller, 1 run good length outside off, opens the face for one to third man... and the scores are level. Hurrah!;
35.5;?;Boland to Miller, no run full and wide and Miller throws the hands, mistimes it into the covers;
35.4;?;Boland to Miller, no run pitched up, creeps forward and drives to mid-off. Ho hum;
35.3;1;Boland to Behardien, 1 run slightly back of a length, Behardien waits in the crease and tucks it to leg;
35.2;1;Boland to Miller, 1 run on the body, worked away for a single;
35.1;4;Boland to Miller, FOUR runs drops short, slightly wide and Miller swats at it, gets a top edge over the slips and cuts the requirement in half;
34.6;?;Marsh to Behardien, no run bumper to finish the over, Behardien ducks it. Perhaps he wants to savour this one;
34.5;1;Marsh to Miller, 1 run shortish, nudged off the pads in front of square... Getting closer;
34.4;?;Marsh to Miller, no run touch fuller, 130kph on off, pushes along the carpet to mid-off;
34.3;2;Marsh to Miller, 2 runs on the stumps, Miller flips a couple through midwicket off his pads;
34.2;1;Marsh to Behardien, 1 run length outside off, drops back and runs a single to third man;
34.1;?;Marsh to Behardien, no run Behardien comes forward and pushes a full ball into the off side;
33.6;3;Boland to Behardien, 3 runs pitched up a bit further and Behardien gets going with a drive through the covers;
33.5;?;Boland to Behardien, no run good length outside off, Behardien prods it safely down into the off side;
33.4;W;Boland to de Kock, OUT dug in again, de Kock hooks hard - but this time it's his undoing! Head takes another superbly judged catch running along the rope and de Kock has to walk off 11 short of a national record... Centurion stands for the centurion, he gets some handshakes on his way off. A quite brilliant innings that has made a difficult chase look simple;Quinton de Kock c Head b Boland 178 (142m 113b 16x4 11x6) SR: 157.52;
33.3;?;Boland to de Kock, no run short ball, pushed across and de Kock skips out, swings violently... but misses;
33.2;W;Boland to Duminy, OUT hooks the bumper, excellent take at deep square leg! So Duminy crashes the party and then ends up falling the pool... Another wicket for Boland, courtesy a low grab diving in from the boundary by Head;Jean-Paul Duminy c Head b Boland 9 (8m 8b 2x4 0x6) SR: 112.5;
33.1;4;Boland to Duminy, FOUR runs Duminy isn't standing on ceremony for his team-mate, steps forward and launches Boland inside out over cover, that will bounce away, too... The maths are no longer in de Kock's favour;

David Miller is next in but the batsmen crossed... What can Quinny finish on?
 Innings Start
Australia
South Africa
1st ODI (D/N), Centurion, Sep 30 2016, Australia tour of South Africa
294/9
295/4
Player of the match is Quinton de Kock, SA
South Africa won by 6 wickets (with 82 balls remaining)
