Data
8:43pm Sri Lanka finally get to a serviceable score. They lost their openers in the Powerplay and hopes of an acceleration seemed as dim as the last two games. But that partnership for the third wicket allowed some stability, and Kusal Perera got going towards the end of his fifty. A flourish from Rajapaksa and Malinga too at the end. But Australia will still be pleased with their bowling. Three bowlers taking two each this time and it's not a total that will give them any immediate worries. Can Malinga and co. change that early in the innings? We're back shortly.
19.6;1;Kane Richardson to Malinga, 1 run full at middle and leg. Looks to drive and gets a thick inside edge onto boot;
19.5;?;Kane Richardson to Malinga, no run slower length ball following him down leg side. He's behind the line and swinging at this but he can't connect;
19.4;1lb;Kane Richardson to Rajapaksa, 1 leg bye slower short ball into the body. Looks for the slog but cops that on the body;
19.3;1;Kane Richardson to Malinga, 1 run full at the stumps. Makes room and drives to extra cover's right;
19.2;6;Kane Richardson to Malinga, SIX runs smokes it over long-on! Wow! Richardson looks for the slower ball but drops it short. It sits nicely up at off stump and Malinga just lines up beside it and flat-bats it;
19.1;1;Kane Richardson to Rajapaksa, 1 run full slower ball on off stump, makes some room and clubs this to sweeper cover;
18.6;W;Starc to Jayasuriya, OUT loses leg stump. Full ball headed into leg stump, the same kind that was lifted for a six earlier. Jayasuriya though has looked for a reverse ramp, while standing on his feet. No way he's going to pull that off from there;Shehan Jayasuriya b Starc 12 (15b 0x4 0x6) SR: 80;
18.5;1;Starc to Rajapaksa, 1 run full and just outside off, mistimed drive along the floor to long-off;
18.4;2;Starc to Rajapaksa, 2 runs slower length ball on off stump, opens the face and taps this to sweeper's right. Slides to complete the second;
18.3;4;Starc to Rajapaksa, FOUR runs using the pace again. Poor lines from Starc. This one is short of a length and into the hips. Once again, he stays inside the line and has a whip at it. To fine leg's left at great speed;
18.2;6;Starc to Rajapaksa, SIX runs launched over deep backward square! Overpitched and on the pads. At his pace, the batsman need only get connection on the whip. And he does;
18.1;1;Starc to Jayasuriya, 1 run slower length ball on off stump. Leans in and tucks this behind square with a closed face;
17.6;2;Zampa to Rajapaksa, 2 runs length on middle stump, pushed towards long-on with soft hands. His direct hit deflects into the covers where they'll find an extra run;
17.5;?;Zampa to Rajapaksa, no run length ball pushed across off stump. Looks to chop that and is beaten. Carey has the bails off meanwhile as the batsman tries to maintain balance on the back foot. The foot rises - Carey waits for it to rise - but is on the floor as he takes the bails off. Not out;
17.4;1;Zampa to Jayasuriya, 1 run length and just outside off, pushed to midwicket off the back foot;
17.3;2;Zampa to Jayasuriya, 2 runs full on off stump, to the pitch and slams it to long-off's left along the floor. Slides and saves neatly, does Cummins;
17.2;1;Zampa to Rajapaksa, 1 run full on off stump, driven to extra cover where Warner fumbles to allow a run;
17.1;1;Zampa to Jayasuriya, 1 run length on leg stump, nudged to short fine's right with soft hands;
16.6;?;Cummins to Rajapaksa, no run length and just outside off. Defended to point;
16.5;?;Cummins to Rajapaksa, no run short of a length and just outside off. Defended to point;
16.4;1;Cummins to Jayasuriya, 1 run short of a length slower ball just outside off. Steers it to point's right with soft hands;
16.3;?;Cummins to Jayasuriya, no run short of a length and jumping up at him as he gets behind the line of this. Defended to point in the end;
16.2;?;Cummins to Jayasuriya, no run length ball slanted across the corridor, left alone;
16.1;W;Cummins to Perera, OUT taken at extra cover. Finally manages to find that fielder after many close shaves. Short of a length at off. Backs into the leg side and pulls. Slices it right up for the fielder, he barely has to move;Kusal Perera c Turner b Cummins 57 (45b 4x4 1x6) SR: 126.66;
15.6;2;Agar to Jayasuriya, 2 runs length on leg stump, steps out and expertly drops this into the vacant midwicket region with soft hands;
15.5;?;Agar to Jayasuriya, no run length on leg stump, flicked to short fine on the front foot;
15.4;1;Agar to Perera, 1 run length on leg stump, tapped to long-on;
15.3;1;Agar to Jayasuriya, 1 run length on leg stump, flicked into the leg side on the front foot;
15.2;1lb;Agar to Perera, 1 leg bye appeal for lbw as he's caught on the front leg trying to sweep. Agar is around the wicket, that probably pitched outside leg;
15.1;1;Agar to Jayasuriya, 1 run length on leg stump, flicked to deep mdiwicket;
14.6;1;Kane Richardson to Jayasuriya, 1 run length ball just outside off, backs away and looks to scythe it. Comes off the inside half and ends up at mid-off;
14.5;3;Kane Richardson to Perera, 3 runs sjhort of a length and spanked on the rise to sweeper's left. Looks like Starc there who runs a long way and flings this back in inches from the boundary to save one;
14.4;1;Kane Richardson to Jayasuriya, 1 run short of a length at the hips. Shovels this to deep square's right and McDermott completely fluffs the throw and has Warner ducking for cover at midwicket as it trickles harmlessly towards the middle of the pitch;
14.3;?;Kane Richardson to Jayasuriya, no run past the edge. Length ball pushed across the corridor. Hangs the bat out at it and can't make connection;
14.2;W;Kane Richardson to Fernando, OUT guided straight to the keeper it seems. But he reviews after being given caught behind. Short of a length and climbing up outside off. He looks to run it down to third man as it angles back into him off the pitch. There is a tiny spike as the ball passes outside edge. Sri Lanka will lose the batsman and the review. It's a faint edge, he probably didn't feel it. But that's a fair decision and he's gone;Oshada Fernando c ?Carey b Richardson 6 (4b 1x4 0x6) SR: 150;
14.1;1;Kane Richardson to Perera, 1 run short of a length and just outside off, makes room and swats it down to long-on;
13.6;4;Zampa to Fernando, FOUR runs outside edge runs away from short third man. Length ball just outside off, looks to drive inside-out and gets a thick edge;
13.5;1;Zampa to Perera, 1 run full on middle stump, drilled powerfully to long-on's right where Smith picks up and keeps it to one;
13.4;1;Zampa to Fernando, 1 run short of a length and sliding into the corridor. Tapped to deep midwicket off the back foot;
13.3;1;Zampa to Perera, 1 run full on leg stump, flicked to long-on with the turn;
13.2;2;Zampa to Perera, 2 runs that's fifty! He's making use after getting in. This length ball on leg stump is tucked into the midwicket region with soft hands and he's back for the second;
13.1;4;Zampa to Perera, FOUR runs sliced over third man as he swivels quickly for the reverse sweep. It's short of a length and pushed across him and he was quickly in position;
12.6;1;Starc to Perera, 1 run short in the corridor, looks for the upper cut and just manages to clear the infield in the covers;
12.5;?;Starc to Perera, no run dropped at point! Another full slower ball outside off. Looks to drive and gets a leading edge to point where Kane Richardson is seemingly also deceived by a slower ball - too eager as this floats right into his lap and he has a grab late and puts it down;
12.4;4;Starc to Perera, FOUR runs spanked past extra cover! Starc goes full and Sri Lanka have been starved of that length all series. An attempted slower ball. Ends up right in his slot with a lot of width and powers this to the boundary;
12.3;1;Starc to Fernando, 1 run short and in at the ribs. Gets on top of this and drops it behind square with soft hands;
12.2;1;Starc to Perera, 1 run length on leg stump, onto his toes as he clips to deep square;
12.1;2;Starc to Perera, 2 runs just clears extra cover. Slower ball at a length outside off. Leans in and jabs with hard hands and has no control of it in the end;
11.6;W;Cummins to Fernando, OUT chipped straight to deep backward square! Short of a length and cramping him up at the hips again. He stays on the front foot and looks to use the angle and pace to launch this behind square. But that's taken well inside;Avishka Fernando c McDermott b Cummins 20 (22b 0x4 0x6) SR: 90.9;
11.5;1;Cummins to Perera, 1 run short and just outside off, pulled into the turf towards deep square;
11.4;1;Cummins to Fernando, 1 run short of a length and rising into the body. Mistimed pull towards deep midwicket;
11.3;1;Cummins to Perera, 1 run top edge falls safely in the square leg region. Bouncer gets steep as he looks to hook and takes his eyes off the ball. Was looking to check that shot or even evade by the time it got up in his face;
11.2;2;Cummins to Perera, 2 runs slower short ball, slammed in at an off stump line. Creates room by walking into the leg side and looks to pull this. Can only slice to midwicket's left;
11.1;?;Cummins to Perera, no run short of a length at the stumps, backs away and cuts straight to point;
10.6;2;Agar to Fernando, 2 runs misfield at long-off. Length ball just outside off, slapped on the rise to Smith's left and he over runs it and sticks out a right hand to get something on this;
10.5;1lb;Agar to Perera, 1 leg bye tossed up at a length on leg stump. Steps out and is beaten in flight as he looks to sweep hurriedly. Cops it on the front pad;
10.4;1;Agar to Fernando, 1 run short of a length and in at middle stump, backs away to cut to sweeper;
10.3;?;Agar to Fernando, no run length and turning away just outside off. Pushed to point off the front foot;
10.2;1;Agar to Perera, 1 run dropped short at a leg stump line. Pulled out to deep square;
10.1;1;Agar to Fernando, 1 run short of a length and just outside off, backs away and cuts to sweeper cover;
9.6;1;Zampa to Fernando, 1 run comes forward and eases this out to the cover sweeper...just singles milked off that over;
9.5;1;Zampa to Perera, 1 run a googly outside off, driven to deep point;
9.4;1;Zampa to Fernando, 1 run very full outside off, drives firmly to deep cover;
9.3;1;Zampa to Perera, 1 run goes back to a good length ball, square drives to deep cover;
9.2;1;Zampa to Fernando, 1 run full at the stumps, chipped in the air down the on side as the bottom hand takes over;
9.1;1;Zampa to Perera, 1 run nudged through the leg side again, Agar makes good ground to prevent the second;
8.6;1;Agar to Perera, 1 run on leg stump, turned off the pads to square leg;
8.5;2;Agar to Perera, 2 runs nicely placed off the back foot as he cuts a slightly short delivery through backward point;
8.4;1;Agar to Fernando, 1 run angled into the pads, pushed through midwicket to the sweeper;
8.3;1;Agar to Perera, 1 run tucked into midwicket;
8.2;2;Agar to Perera, 2 runs short of a length, worked off the pads into the leg side and there's better hustle this time to make the second;
8.1;1;Agar to Fernando, 1 run full at the stumps, plays forward and gets an inside edge to the leg side...another gentle single;
7.6;1;Zampa to Fernando, 1 run a bottom-handed flick to the leg side from a full, straight delivery;
7.5;1;Zampa to Perera, 1 run keeps it full, whipped off the toes deep into the leg side but singles won't hurt Australia;
7.4;1;Zampa to Fernando, 1 run touch slower, tossed up very full at off stump, driven to deep cover;
7.3;1;Zampa to Perera, 1 run full at middle, flicked to deep midwicket;
7.2;?;Zampa to Perera, no run brings out the reverse sweep, full at off stump, doesn't connect and it loops to short third man;
7.1;?;Zampa to Perera, no run over the wicket, touch short outside off but it's cut straight to backward point;
6.6;1;Agar to Perera, 1 run gets inside the line and nudges off the pads into midwicket, Agar chases it himself as the Sri Lanka batsmen just walk the single;
6.5;1;Agar to Fernando, 1 run angled into the pads, worked through midwicket;
6.4;2;Agar to Fernando, 2 runs short again, outside off, better placement this time as he angles it wide of backward point to give the sweeper some work;
6.3;1;Agar to Perera, 1 run short outside off, cracked to deep cover;
6.2;?;Agar to Perera, no run round the wicket to the left hander, short on the pads but Perera pulls to the man just behind square;
6.1;1;Agar to Fernando, 1 run round the wicket, driven to deep cover off the back foot;
5.6;4;Cummins to Perera, FOUR runs another top edge! This time over the keeper. You can see the sand burst up as the ball lands, but it still trickles into the rope;
5.5;1;Cummins to Fernando, 1 run a touch shorter on off stump, plays a swivel-pull to deep midwicket;
5.4;?;Cummins to Fernando, no run at middle and off, keeps it back of a length, defended down the pitch;
5.3;?;Cummins to Fernando, no run angled into the pads, short of a length, can't get it past midwicket;
5.2;2;Cummins to Fernando, 2 runs that's a nice piece of timing through the covers off the back foot;
5.1;?;Cummins to Fernando, no run back of a length, straight, played to midwicket;
4.6;?;Kane Richardson to Perera, no run short of a length outside off, played into the covers;
4.5;1;Kane Richardson to Fernando, 1 run back of a length outside off, neatly behind the line and punches into the covers...then there's nearly another mix-up in the running!;
4.4;W;Kane Richardson to Mendis, OUT picks out the man at deep square! Couldn't have found him any better. A short ball from Richardson, Mendis strikes it nicely but straight down McDermott's throat. Mendis is furious. Richardson has his first wicket of the series;Kusal Mendis c McDermott b Richardson 13 (18b 0x4 1x6) SR: 72.22;
4.3;?;Kane Richardson to Mendis, no run dropped, but a very tough one! Short, hammers the pull towards Turner at midwicket...off the toe end, and it just reached him;
4.2;1;Kane Richardson to Perera, 1 run a slower ball, full on middle and leg, tucked off the pads to square leg;
4.1;1;Kane Richardson to Mendis, 1 run pushed into the covers off the back foot;
3.6;6;Cummins to Perera, SIX runs a big top edge sails over third man, which is the opposite side of the ground he was aiming for when he went for the pull against a short-of-a-length delivery;
3.5;1;Cummins to Mendis, 1 run on off stump, 139kph, stays back to quite a full length, opens the face to third man;
3.4;?;Cummins to Mendis, no run fuller, at off stump, Mendis deep in his crease and drops his bat down on it;
3.3;1;Cummins to Perera, 1 run short on leg stump, mistimes his pull and it loops towards square leg;
3.2;1;Cummins to Mendis, 1 run short of a length at off stump, takes his bottom hand off the bat and runs it down to third man;
3.1;1;Cummins to Perera, 1 run over the wicket, back of a length, dropped to the off side for a sharp single and Mendis ends up sliding into the stumps. It's chaos out there!;
2.6;1;Starc to Perera, 1 run tapped into the on side;
2.5;4lb;Starc to Perera, 4 leg byes seeing both sides of Starc this over, slips into the pads again and deflects wide of the diving Carey;
2.4;?;Starc to Perera, no run beats him with a full one outside that brings a drive, nice shape away from the left hander;
2.3;?;Starc to Perera, no run back on the stumps, Perera gets a little squared up as he defends;
2.3;1w;Starc to Perera, 1 wide flung down the leg side again, Starc has just lost his line in the last two deliveries;
2.2;4;Starc to Perera, FOUR runs angled in the pads, flicked strongly to long leg;
2.1;1lb;Starc to Mendis, 1 leg bye huge shout for lbw as this swings back in and beats Mendis' flick to the leg side...given not out and Finch calls the review. Big question is did this pitch in line? Reasonably full length, nice shape from Starc. Well, well...third umpire says no ball-tracking available. This is interesting. Do Australia keep their review? Yes, it appears they do as it was a tech failure;
1.6;1;Kane Richardson to Mendis, 1 run back of a length outside off, Mendis stays a touch leg side of it and angles down to third man;
1.5;?;Kane Richardson to Mendis, no run good response from Richardson, short of a length outside off, climbs over the top edge;
1.4;6;Kane Richardson to Mendis, SIX runs all the way! That gets the Sri Lanka fans going. Short of a length, Mendis gets inside the line helps it round the corner with almost a front-foot hook over fine leg;
1.3;?;Kane Richardson to Mendis, no run back of a length at off stump, worked to the on side;
1.2;?;Kane Richardson to Mendis, no run plays and misses outside off as he aims to drive on the up, this shaped away;
1.1;?;Kane Richardson to Mendis, no run good length outside off, some swing in, pushed to midwicket;
0.6;W;Starc to Dickwella, OUT gone first ball! Gets a big leading edge into the off side, loops high towards point for a simple catch. Tried to close the face, was early on the stroke but it looked a poor option in the first place as the ball was full outside off;Niroshan Dickwella c McDermott b Starc 0 (1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
0.5;1;Starc to Mendis, 1 run short of a length at off stump, gets over the top of it and angles down to third man;
0.4;?;Starc to Mendis, no run a wider delivery, he flays at it away from the body and doesn't make contact;
0.3;?;Starc to Mendis, no run well bowled! Hits a good length outside off, this one angles across the right hander and beats the drive;
0.2;?;Starc to Mendis, no run a low full toss outside off, 141kph, square drives and finds cover;
0.1;2;Starc to Mendis, 2 runs full and straight, neatly tucked off the pads backward of square;

Just a few minutes away from the action...here come the players. Mitchell Starc with ball in hand. Slip and a short midwicket in place
7.00pm Lasan Rashmika: "So they removed the in form gunathilaka so that they still can keep the super star kusal mendis alive." Think Malinga said he had a back problem
Ash: "Wasn't D'Arcy short supposed to replace Maxwell? Could have sworn I heard that yesterday, but then again he did play a game yesterday for WA." Replacement in the squad, yes. McDermott has been given first dibs as he was already part of it
Tharindu: "Can't understand the rage against Kusal Mendis. Played well in last T20 series. 0 in the first match yes. but second match dismissal is not his fault. "
6.50pm Lachlan: "Feel the Aussies should have also let Abbott have a game, considering the series is already won."
Deepaja: "Well done Sri Lanka.This is the BATTING lineup that I have been dreaming of. Today definitely they will put a challenging score on the board"
6.40pm Australia win the toss and bowl "Pitch looks good, don't think it will change much. Great to be back here, great ground to play at."
Mitchell Starc and Ben McDermott come into the side for Billy Stanlake and Glenn Maxwell.
Malinga says Sri Lanka have "a few changes"...will confirm them when we can
Australia 1 Aaron Finch (capt), 2 David Warner, 3 Steve Smith, 4 Ben McDermott, 5 Ashton Turner, 6 Alex Carey (wk), 7 Ashton Agar, 8 Pat Cummins, 9 Mitchell Starc, 10 Kane Richardson, 11 Adam Zampa
Sri Lanka 1 Kusal Mendis, 2 Niroshan Dickwella, 3 Kusal Perera (wk), 4 Avishka Fernando, 5 Shehan Jayasuriya, 6 Oshada Fernando, 7 Bhanuka Rajapaksha, 8 Lakshan Sandakan, 9 Lasith Malinga (c), 10 Nuwan Pradeep, 11 Lahiru Kumara
6.35pm The pitch report suggests there's a little more grass than previously for T20Is at the MCG. There will plenty of eyes on the surfaces here all season.
Vinay: "David Warner century today" He needs 64 to have the most in a bilateral T20 series - the record currently held my Colin Munro with 223 runs
6.25pm Rahul: "I think it was very short-sightedness on the part of SL to drop Rajapaksa and Oshada. They should continue to groom them for the WC on the back of their wonderful performances in Pak."
Something that's worth a read when you have time is our annual survey of player workloads around the world. Some interesting findings this year, with a new 'leader'
Arjav: "In the past we have seen that ex players have been asked to come out of retirement and revive the team from their current dismal stats. Pakistan, Australia have done that. Should one of Sanga or MJ be asked to do that? Thoughts?" Need to look forward, not back. Remember, only a few weeks ago they won 3-0. Two (very) bad games, for sure, but only two games so far
Lachlan: "I know it won't happen. But really wish the Aussies had given Fawad Ahmed more of a chance over the past five years. He is excellent but never seemed to get a good go at international level."
6.20pm As far as the game in hand goes, let's just hope it's a contest tonight (surely even the Aussie fans want that?). They have been two awfully one-sided games so far. Yes, Sri Lanka didn't have much time to settle into conditions but they have been very poor. But they have won two from two in T20Is at the MCG so maybe that can inspire them.
We wait to see what they will do with their XI. We know that Australia will have one change for certain, with Ben McDermott expected to replace Maxwell. The toss is in around 20 minutes.
While we wait, why not catch up on the Sheffield Shield action: interesting days in Adelaide and Hobart. Quite a day for Daniel Solway on his first-class debut for New South Wales.
6.10pm Hello and welcome to our coverage of the final match of this series from the MCG. Can Sri Lanka take something from this game or will it be 3-0 to Australia? The form suggests the latter, but you never know. I'm Andrew McGlashan and along with Varun Shetty we'll bring you all the action.
The build-up to this game has been overshadowed by the sad news of Glenn Maxwell stepping away from the game for a period time. We all wish him the best and hope to see him back on the field soon. It has certainly hit fellow cricketers, as Chris Lynn put into words yesterday. However, it also appears as though the structures now in place to assist players have worked well in getting Maxwell the help he needs.
 Innings Start
10:48pm And that is all from us. Thanks for joining.
Finch: It was pretty clinical. The way that the bowlers set up the last two games was outstanding. Every game is a challenge, so it was important to bring out our best. When you've got two spinners in your side in Australia, that's different for us. Those two did really well. [Decision to play two spinners] It was unanimous. As a package, Agar brings so much.
Dickwella: (standing in for Malinga) Everything okay with Malinga, he must be in the dressing room. We haven't performed to standards. We've learnt a lot in this series we couldn't even compete. Nuwan Pradeep's performances was a positive and also the fielding.
Warner: Importantly for us as a team it's fantastic. On the personal front it's been good to churn out some runs. The bowlers made it easy. It helps when you're chasing a small total. Good momentum, from here we go to play Pakistan at the SCG.
David Warner is Man of the Match and Man of the Series.

10:30pm Warner finishes unbeaten in the series. And that is another comprehensive win for Australia; the 3-0 scoreline tells it all. Sri Lanka have barely had a moment of dominance all series, and that didn't change tonight. The batting was improved, but not lethal, while it was much the same story with the ball.
17.4;4;Pradeep to Warner, FOUR runs finished with a boundary! Attempted slower yorker it seems. Ends up as a leg-stump full toss. He holds his balance and caresses this to the long leg boundary;
17.3;?;Pradeep to Warner, no run yorker at middle stump, jammed to midwicket;
17.2;1;Pradeep to Turner, 1 run full and into the pads. Stays tall and clips it down to fine leg;
17.1;?;Pradeep to Turner, no run length on off stump, defended on the front foot;
16.6;2lb;Malinga to Warner, 2 leg byes slower ball at a length on leg stump. Looks for the flick and deflects this in front of fine leg off the pad. Calls early for the second;
16.5;?;Malinga to Warner, no run slow dipping full toss on off stump. Watchfully tapped to extra cover;
16.4;2;Malinga to Warner, 2 runs full outside off, leans in and drives to third man's left;
16.4;1w;Malinga to Warner, 1 wide bouncer at a middle stump line. Let's that go;
16.3;1;Malinga to Turner, 1 run full on middle stump, driven to long-on;
16.2;1;Malinga to Warner, 1 run slower ball at a length on off stump, dropped into the covers with soft hands;
16.1;1;Malinga to Turner, 1 run full on the stumps, tapped down the ground;
15.6;1;Sandakan to Turner, 1 run full and wide outside off, driven to long-off;
15.5;1;Sandakan to Warner, 1 run short of a length just outside off, stays leg side and chops it to sweeper to bring up his third consecutive fifty;
15.4;1;Sandakan to Turner, 1 run short and wide outside off, cut to sweeper;
15.3;?;Sandakan to Turner, no run length ball outside off, shuffles and looks to paddle that. Cops it on the pad outside off stump;
15.2;?;Sandakan to Turner, no run full and very wide outside off. Gets down for the paddle sweep but is beaten;
15.1;2;Sandakan to Turner, 2 runs full googly on leg stump. Leans in and clips through midwicket with soft hands;
14.6;6;Lahiru Kumara to Warner, SIX runs smoked wide of long-on! Length ball on off stump, sitting nicely up for the slog. He gets the front leg out of the way and slogs nonchalanty;
14.5;1;Lahiru Kumara to Turner, 1 run full on middle stump, driven down to long-on;
14.4;6;Lahiru Kumara to Turner, SIX runs steers this over the fine leg boundary. Bouncer rising down leg side. He stays inside the line and shapes to hook, but there's minimal use of the wrists. It's more a ramp by the time he's done;
14.3;1;Lahiru Kumara to Warner, 1 run legcutter dropped short and down leg side, pulled to fine leg;
14.3;1w;Lahiru Kumara to Warner, 1 wide short and down leg side, beaten on the pull;
14.2;?;Lahiru Kumara to Warner, no run he's dropped that onto the stumps but the bails have stayed on. The famous zing bails. Short of a length and cramped him with that. It slammed into his mid-riff and the ball dropped down onto the stumps as he swiveled;
14.1;2;Lahiru Kumara to Warner, 2 runs full on middle stump, driven to long-on's left. A tight second run but the throw from there is not ideal;
13.6;1;Jayasuriya to Warner, 1 run full on leg stump, driven down to long-on;
13.5;1;Jayasuriya to Turner, 1 run length ball just outside off, driven on the rise to long-off;
13.4;6;Jayasuriya to Turner, SIX runs pumps it over deep midwicket! Length ball pushed in fast at middle stump. It's sliding on nicely and he slogs through the line to clear the ropes;
13.3;1;Jayasuriya to Warner, 1 run length on off stump, opens up and chops to sweeper cover;
13.2;1;Jayasuriya to Turner, 1 run short and wide outside off, cut to sweeper cover;
13.1;1;Jayasuriya to Warner, 1 run length on leg stump, jabbed towards mid-on off the front foot;
12.6;?;Malinga to Turner, no run length and speared in at middle stump. Defended on the front foot;
12.5;W;Malinga to McDermott, OUT looks plumb. And given. It did strike him in front of leg though, so they'll have a chat about it...and decided not to review. Full and sliding in at leg stump as he looks to drive. Rapped on the front leg with middle and off visible. Perhaps not plumb like it appeared at first, but just clipping leg stump..replays suggest it was missing! We've all got it wrong.;Ben McDermott lbw b Malinga 5 (7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 71.42;
12.4;1;Malinga to Warner, 1 run slower ball on a length at leg stump. Drops it into the square leg region with soft hands;
12.3;4;Malinga to Warner, FOUR runs blazed past point! Short and just outside off, jumps up to get behind that and crunches it aerially past the diving point's left hand;
12.2;2;Malinga to Warner, 2 runs full and just outside off, chips it out to sweeper cover;
12.1;1;Malinga to McDermott, 1 run full slower ball on leg stump. Allows that to land and tucks it to deep midwicket with soft hands;
11.6;1;Sandakan to McDermott, 1 run length outside off, gets forward and drives to long-off;
11.5;1;Sandakan to Warner, 1 run short of a length slider wide outside off. Slapped to long-off on the front foot;
11.4;1;Sandakan to McDermott, 1 run full on leg stump, flicked to deep midwicket;
11.3;2;Sandakan to McDermott, 2 runs length on leg stump, gets deep in the crease and pushes to deep midwicket with soft hands;
11.2;?;Sandakan to McDermott, no run just short of extra cover. Length ball pushed across off stump. Looks to drive and doesn't get to the pitch of that. Ends up slicing it;
11.1;?;Sandakan to McDermott, no run googly at a length on off stump. Leans in and stabs to extra cover;
10.6;?;Pradeep to Warner, no run full on leg stump, looks to flick and misses. Cops it on the front pad;
10.6;1w;Pradeep to Warner, 1 wide bouncer dug in too short. Let's that go over middle stump;
10.5;W;Pradeep to Smith, OUT taken at deep square! That is a sharp take from Sandakan! A big ground so he's halfway in from the line. This is a short of a length ball that's pulled firmly to Sandakan's right. He ambles and reaches out to high to his right to hold onto this;Steven Smith c Sandakan b Pradeep 13 (9b 2x4 0x6) SR: 144.44;
10.4;2;Pradeep to Smith, 2 runs chipped to long-on's right. Another legcutter, full and up at leg stump. Leans into that one and places it nicely;
10.3;?;Pradeep to Smith, no run short of a length at off stump, shapes to pull but that skids onto his thigh and floats up towards point;
10.2;?;Pradeep to Smith, no run full and curving away just outside off. Shuffles and looks to drive, but gets this off the leading edge as the bat face closes. Rajapaksa with a diving stop to his left at extra cover;
10.1;1;Pradeep to Warner, 1 run legcutter at a length on leg stump, swiped down to fine leg;
9.6;1;Sandakan to Warner, 1 run swung down the ground to long-off;
9.5;1;Sandakan to Smith, 1 run whipped off the stumps through the leg side;
9.4;?;Sandakan to Smith, no run full, wider outside off, driven to cover;
9.3;2;Sandakan to Smith, 2 runs goes back in the crease to a short delivery, worked to deep midwicket;
9.2;4;Sandakan to Smith, FOUR runs that's delightful! He's been in two balls and played two awesome shots. This is a simple skip down the pitch and a lofted drive straight of long-off;
9.1;1;Sandakan to Warner, 1 run full outside off, Warner's down the pitch and has to reach for it a little but drives safely wide of long-off;
8.6;4;Lahiru Kumara to Smith, FOUR runs what a stroke to start with! A short delivery, Smith moves across the crease to get inside the line and whips it off his hip wide of long leg. Brilliant;
8.5;W;Lahiru Kumara to Finch, OUT taken at long-on! Finch trying to clear long-on again. It was a full slower ball, 105kph, and Finch couldn't quite get the distance;Aaron Finch c Jayasuriya b Kumara 37 (25b 1x4 3x6) SR: 148;
8.4;1;Lahiru Kumara to Warner, 1 run flashed down to third man off the outside edge;
8.4;1w;Lahiru Kumara to Warner, 1 wide that's a very short bouncer, left alone and it's another wide;
8.3;1;Lahiru Kumara to Finch, 1 run back of a length outside off, driven from the back foot to deep cover;
8.2;?;Lahiru Kumara to Finch, no run 142kph, back of a length, tucked to midwicket;
8.2;1w;Lahiru Kumara to Finch, 1 wide a bouncer angled down the leg side, it's sharp at 143kph but called wide;
8.1;6;Lahiru Kumara to Finch, SIX runs what a stroke! That's a cracker from Finch. A full ball on off stump, it's a perfect lofted off-drive through the line over the rope;
7.6;1;Sandakan to Finch, 1 run steps back and pushes into the covers;
7.5;1;Sandakan to Warner, 1 run stays in the crease and muscles this to long-on with a short-arm pull;
7.4;1;Sandakan to Finch, 1 run dabs this to short third man, more good running;
7.3;1;Sandakan to Warner, 1 run touch too short outside off, square drives to deep cover;
7.2;1;Sandakan to Finch, 1 run full, he uses his feet and drives to long-off;
7.1;1;Sandakan to Warner, 1 run starts with a very short one, Warner rocks back and pulls to deep midwicket;
6.6;1;Jayasuriya to Warner, 1 run short and pushed into the pads, not a great ball, but it's just a single as it trickles to short fine leg off a bottom-edged pull/sweep;
6.5;1;Jayasuriya to Finch, 1 run tucked off the pads to short fine leg;
6.4;2;Jayasuriya to Finch, 2 runs very round-arm action, on the pads, worked to square leg;
6.3;2;Jayasuriya to Finch, 2 runs short on off stump, cut to deep cover;
6.2;6;Jayasuriya to Finch, SIX runs round the wicket, stand and deliver from Finch as he hoicks this over wide midwicket;
6.1;1;Jayasuriya to Warner, 1 run round the wicket, backs away and cuts square to the off side;
5.6;?;Pradeep to Finch, no run driven off the back foot to cover;
5.5;1;Pradeep to Warner, 1 run low full toss outside off, driven into the covers;
5.4;2;Pradeep to Warner, 2 runs short of a length, helped backward of square with a pull;
5.4;1w;Pradeep to Warner, 1 wide short down the leg side, swing and a miss;
5.3;1lb;Pradeep to Finch, 1 leg bye another huge appeal for lbw, this time it's Finch missing a swinging yorker but it's sliding down the leg side;
5.2;1;Pradeep to Warner, 1 run big appeal lbw as Warner looks to work away a full slower ball, think there was bat involved...yep, big edge;
5.1;?;Pradeep to Warner, no run moves well outside leg and then drives a low full toss, almost a yorker, straight to cover;
4.6;?;Lahiru Kumara to Finch, no run a strangled appeal for lbw as Finch aims to work away a straight delivery;
4.5;1;Lahiru Kumara to Warner, 1 run gives himself some room and eases a slower ball into the covers;
4.4;1;Lahiru Kumara to Finch, 1 run dropped at cover this time! Another shot with power, Finch driving a full delivery, and Oshada Fernando can't hold on to his right;
4.3;4;Lahiru Kumara to Finch, FOUR runs full ball outside off, throws his hands through a square drive, places it between cover and backward point;
4.2;?;Lahiru Kumara to Finch, no run full and straight, 141kph, can't beat mid-on as he drives;
4.1;1;Lahiru Kumara to Warner, 1 run full at leg stump, slower ball at 104kph, driven towards mid-on who is deep enough for the single;
3.6;1;Pradeep to Warner, 1 run full, a slower ball, punched to mid-on where it isn't stopped cleanly;
3.5;1;Pradeep to Finch, 1 run pulls a pretty full delivery, gets a bottom edge towards short fine leg;
3.4;1;Pradeep to Warner, 1 run dropped at mid-off! A flying effort from Malinga, who flung himself to his right and had the ball, but it burst out as he hit the ground. Warner driving on the up with immense power. Not sure that was quite as tough as Malinga made out;
3.3;3;Pradeep to Finch, 3 runs back of a length outside off, Finch nicely into position and drives square through the covers. Hauled in just before the rope as three fielders chase it;
3.2;?;Pradeep to Finch, no run back of a length at off stump, defended to cover;
3.1;1lb;Pradeep to Warner, 1 leg bye tight single as this bobbles out to the off side...111kph slower ball to start with, takes the pad;
2.6;1;Malinga to Warner, 1 run another slower ball, 116kph, shoveled off the stumps wide of mid-on to keep the strike;
2.5;?;Malinga to Warner, no run length ball just outside off, pushed to the covers;
2.4;?;Malinga to Warner, no run that's a cracker from Malinga this time, a slower cutter that grips and bounces from back of a length, jumps past the outside edge;
2.3;?;Malinga to Warner, no run full, 134kph, worked off the stumps to mid-on;
2.2;4;Malinga to Warner, FOUR runs a man in form! Full outside off, Warner goes down on his back knee and flays a cover drive;
2.1;?;Malinga to Warner, no run played into the on side;
1.6;6;Lahiru Kumara to Finch, SIX runs over mid-on! Full at off stump, Finch swings through the line and sends it handsomely down the ground. In the end the over goes for 11;
1.5;1;Lahiru Kumara to Warner, 1 run fuller, back of a length, on middle and leg at 144kph, Warner taps towards mid-on and scampers;
1.4;4;Lahiru Kumara to Warner, FOUR runs bang! Strong response from Warner as he rocks back to a short ball and hammers a pull well in front of square. This is good stuff;
1.3;?;Lahiru Kumara to Warner, no run what a beauty! At 148kph as well...a ripper from Kumara, back of a length at middle and leg, completely squares up Warner and beats him, clipping the back leg through the keeper who can't take it cleanly. Good job there was no edge;
1.2;?;Lahiru Kumara to Warner, no run full at the stumps, not much footwork from Warner as he drives firmly to mid-off;
1.1;1lb;Lahiru Kumara to Finch, 1 leg bye big appeal first ball! Nips back from a good length, takes Finch on the back leg...a familiar-style of issue for Finch. Caught on the crease with the ball coming back and the review has been called. It has struck him quite high, above the roll on his back leg and he's on his toes. Do we have the tracker this time? Yes we do, and it's umpire's call on hitting;
0.6;?;Malinga to Warner, no run finishes with another slower ball at 112, Warner waits and then pushes towards point. Tidy opening over;
0.5;2;Malinga to Warner, 2 runs touch straighter, allows Warner to work this off the pads backward of square and immediate contrast in the tempo between the wickets;
0.4;?;Malinga to Warner, no run full at off stump, hint of swing, pushed firmly to the off side;
0.3;1;Malinga to Finch, 1 run a slower ball on a good length, tucked into midwicket;
0.2;?;Malinga to Finch, no run back of a length, straight, worked to midwicket;
0.1;?;Malinga to Finch, no run nice start, full at middle, pushed firmly to mid-on;

Welcome back, folks. Can Sri Lanka push Australia hard in this chase? Malinga will open up...
Lakwin: "This has given the bowlers, lead by our spearhead Malinga, atleast something to bowl at. I think we missed a trick by sending Bhanuka in so late - he should'ave come in earlier. Mendis and Avishka ate up so many deliveries, that it put overt pressure on KJP. Anyways, there is atleast something to look forward to today. And as always when SL is playing, whole of our little island is glued to the TV screens, irrespective that its amidst the mid-day hustle!"
 Innings Start
Sri Lanka
Australia
3rd T20I (N), Melbourne, Nov 1 2019, Sri Lanka tour of Australia
142/6
145/3
Player of the match is David Warner, AUS
Australia won by 7 wickets (with 14 balls remaining)
