Data
Well, if ever an innings went into reverse that was it: 20 runs off the last five overs. Still, 122 in these conditions isn't a bad total. Will be a challenge for Australia. They bowled 12 overs of spin between four spinners, although the cutters and slower balls from Ellis and Christian were just as effective. Himanshu will be with you shortly
19.6;1b;Ellis to Mustafizur, 1 bye back of a length, slower ball, they run for the bye again, Wade misses and Ellis can't gather the ball at the non-striker's end;
19.6;3w;Ellis to Mustafizur, 3 wide drags the slower ball down wide outside off, they run as it goes to the keeper and then steal an overthrow. Chaos out there;
19.5;W;Ellis to Mosaddek, OUT direct hit from Wade...bottom edge as he swings across the line, just misses off stump. Neat gather and throw;Mohammad Saifuddin run out (?Wade) 0 (2m 0b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
19.4;4;Ellis to Mosaddek, FOUR runs excellent shot! Full at the stumps, gives himself a touch of room and crunches it straight down the ground;
19.3;W;Ellis to Afif, OUT picks out short fine leg trying to scoop, was full outside off, he shuffled across but couldn't only get height on the ball and no distance;Afif Hossain c Marsh b Ellis 10 (23m 11b 0x4 1x6) SR: 90.9;
19.2;?;Ellis to Afif, no run down the pitch and completely loses his shape on this wild swing...through to the keeper. This turned quite a bit;
19.1;?;Ellis to Afif, no run full outside off, swings and misses at, yes, you guessed it, a slower ball;
18.6;1;Christian to Afif, 1 run switches around and reverse laps a length delivery but straight to short third man. At least he has the strike;
18.5;1b;Christian to Mosaddek, 1 bye full outside off, attempts a reverse sweep, it's through to Wade and they steal a bye;
18.4;?;Christian to Mosaddek, no run short of a length, another dot as he swings across the line too early;
18.3;?;Christian to Mosaddek, no run uses his feet and drives straight to point;
18.2;?;Christian to Mosaddek, no run moves outside leg stump then drives at fresh air against a slower delivery;
18.1;1;Christian to Afif, 1 run back of a length at off stump, gets inside the line and works through square leg...time to have a swing;
18.1;1w;Christian to Afif, 1 wide round the wicket, pushes a slower all down the leg side;
17.6;?;Ellis to Mosaddek, no run back of a length outside off, plays square to backward point. Another dot. Bangladesh rather creeping to the finishing line at the moment;
17.5;?;Ellis to Mosaddek, no run well bowled, a slower ball on off stump, grips and turns past the outside edge;
17.4;W;Ellis to Nurul, OUT dragged on! Back of a length outside off, Nurul swinging across the line and gets a bottom edge into middle stump;Nurul Hasan b Ellis 8 (20m 13b 0x4 0x6) SR: 61.53;
17.3;1;Ellis to Afif, 1 run good length at the stumps, tight single as he pushes to the on side and Ellis comes across from his follow through;
17.2;1;Ellis to Nurul, 1 run short and straight, another slower one, swatted to deep square leg;
17.1;2;Ellis to Nurul, 2 runs wide outside off, a dragged down slower ball, square drives to deep point;
16.6;?;Zampa to Afif, no run good length outside off, tries to chop it away and it takes a bottom edge that dribbles past the keeper;
16.5;?;Zampa to Afif, no run full outside off, stretches forward and pushes to backward point;
16.4;1;Zampa to Nurul, 1 run short again, pulls and can't beat a diving short fine leg, Marsh with the intercept;
16.3;?;Zampa to Nurul, no run shorter, skids through, beats the pull and takes the pad but comfortably missing;
16.2;?;Zampa to Nurul, no run sweeps a full delivery, gets a bottom edge that doesn't beat short fine leg;
16.1;?;Zampa to Nurul, no run full at off stump, a very correct forward defensive;
15.6;?;Agar to Afif, no run touch quicker, straight delivery, played into midwicket;
15.5;1;Agar to Nurul, 1 run paddle-sweeps a length delivery to fine leg;
15.4;?;Agar to Nurul, no run shorter delivery, rocks back and drives to cover;
15.3;1;Agar to Afif, 1 run round the wicket, tucked off the pads through square leg;
15.2;1;Agar to Nurul, 1 run full and straight, worked through midwicket;
15.1;?;Agar to Nurul, no run moves to the leg side and shovels into midwicket;
14.6;6;Christian to Afif, SIX runs what a way to start! Goodness me. What tricky pitch? Comes down the track, stays leg side of the ball and drives inside out over extra cover. Magnificent strike;
14.5;W;Christian to Soumya, OUT straight to long-off! That looked quite good off the bat, a lofted off drive, but he couldn't get the distance;Soumya Sarkar c Turner b Christian 16 (29m 18b 1x4 1x6) SR: 88.88;
14.4;4;Christian to Soumya, FOUR runs lovely shot, opens the face to a full delivery outside off and threads the gap between short third and backward point;
14.3;?;Christian to Soumya, no run full at the stumps, stays in his crease, pushed into the stumps;
14.2;?;Christian to Soumya, no run round the wicket, uses his feet and pushes it back to Christian who then tries to catch him out of his crease;
14.1;1;Christian to Nurul, 1 run slower ball, full outside off, driven through cover;
13.6;6;Agar to Soumya, SIX runs strong hit! That's big. Full outside off, connects very well with a slog sweep that goes into the stands. The fans on the nearby buildings are jumping;
13.5;?;Agar to Soumya, no run tucks a straight delivery off his pads to short fine leg;
13.4;1;Agar to Nurul, 1 run round the wicket, full and straight, driven past a short cover as Wade attacks;
13.3;W;Agar to Mahmudullah, OUT that's a dolly! It was short of a length, held in the surface then straight, he was through the shot and got a leading edge that looked straight up;Mahmudullah c & b Agar 19 (14m 14b 0x4 1x6) SR: 135.71;
13.2;1;Agar to Soumya, 1 run uses his feet and it ends up being a hack across the line that goes to deep square;
13.1;1;Agar to Mahmudullah, 1 run round the wicket, good length at off stump, runs off a thick inside to the leg side;
12.6;1;Swepson to Mahmudullah, 1 run shorter, onto the back foot and placed to deep midwicket;
12.5;2;Swepson to Mahmudullah, 2 runs full and straight, pushed enough to the right of long-on that it's another brace. Nice touch-play this over from the captain;
12.4;1;Swepson to Soumya, 1 run full at middle and leg, sweeps to deep square;
12.3;1;Swepson to Mahmudullah, 1 run fuller on the stumps, turned down to deep square;
12.2;2;Swepson to Mahmudullah, 2 runs touch shorter, he goes onto the back foot and knocks into midwicket, paces the shot perfectly which allows the second even though it's barely gone outside the circle;
12.1;?;Swepson to Mahmudullah, no run flicked off the pads to square leg;
11.6;1;Zampa to Mahmudullah, 1 run worked off the pads through square leg;
11.5;?;Zampa to Mahmudullah, no run full at off stump, comes forward and pushes to cover;
11.4;6;Zampa to Mahmudullah, SIX runs super shot! That sounded great off the bat. A full delivery, touch more air, he goes down on the back knee and slog sweeps over deep midwicket;
11.3;2;Zampa to Mahmudullah, 2 runs goes down early and paddle sweeps a delivery off the stumps to fine leg;
11.2;1;Zampa to Soumya, 1 run works a straight delivery off the pads behind square;
11.1;?;Zampa to Soumya, no run lovely delivery, pushed across and beats the edge as he comes forward;
10.6;1;Agar to Soumya, 1 run driven firmly down the ground without much timing;
10.5;?;Agar to Soumya, no run appeal for lbw as he pushes forward and misses his flick...turning too much;
10.4;3;Agar to Mahmudullah, 3 runs quicker ball, angled down the leg side, tucked backward of square;
10.3;?;Agar to Mahmudullah, no run big spin! Back of a length, turns past the outside edge;
10.2;?;Agar to Mahmudullah, no run round the wicket, onto the back foot and works off the pads to square;
10.1;1;Agar to Soumya, 1 run pushed from outside off down to long-on;
9.6;W;Zampa to Shakib, OUT appeal for leg before, and the finger goes up! Shakib is dismisses leg before for the first time in T20Is. Full length on middle, and he closes his bat face pretty early to try and clip that to the leg side. But the ball zips through to strike his front pad, and the umpire calls him out after a brief thought;Shakib Al Hasan lbw b Zampa 11 (24m 20b 0x4 0x6) SR: 55;
9.5;1;Zampa to Soumya, 1 run full just outside off, and driven to long-off with the full face of the bat;
9.4;1;Zampa to Shakib, 1 run shorter in length on off, and cut away to deep point with good bounce again;
9.3;?;Zampa to Shakib, no run tossed up very full outside off, and driven back. Zampa goes low to his right to stop that;
9.2;?;Zampa to Shakib, no run fullish on off, and good bounce as well at 90kph. Tapped to point off the back foot;
9.1;?;Zampa to Shakib, no run full on middle this time. Closes the bat face and pushes it back to the bowler;
9.1;1w;Zampa to Shakib, 1 wide full and wide of off. Goes further away, and is called wide as Shakib tries to slash at that;
8.6;?;Christian to Soumya, no run yorker on middle and off. Pushed forward toward the bowler, as the over ends with just a single and a wicket;
8.5;?;Christian to Soumya, no run and another dot ball to the new batter. Good length on off again, and pushed to cover after coming right forward;
8.4;?;Christian to Soumya, no run good length delivery on off, and much closer to the batter. Tapped to point, and Soumya wants a single. A bit of yes-no between the batters, but safe eventually;
8.3;?;Christian to Soumya, no run and beaten first ball. Wide of the crease, and a slower delivery on a fullish length outside off. Goes for the dab, but the ball passes his outside edge;
8.2;W;Christian to Mohammad Naim, OUT taken at point! Goes for the reverse-sweep to this good length ball on off, but gets it off the higher part of the bat with his bottom hand coming off as well. Short third man thought for a moment that the ball was coming on to him and even took a few steps forward, but left it for the man at point in the end. Easy catch as well;Mohammad Naim c Agar b Christian 23 (37m 23b 1x4 1x6) SR: 100;
8.1;1;Christian to Shakib, 1 run top edge lands in no man's land! Comes down the track to this good length ball on middle and leg, as the bowler follows him. Shakib pulls, but the ball lands just behind the stumps at the other end;
7.6;?;Swepson to Mohammad Naim, no run dabbed to short third man from close to his body, as Swepson goes shortish on off;
7.5;2;Swepson to Mohammad Naim, 2 runs this one turns away slightly off a good length on leg. Pushed to deep square, and a rapid two is gobbled;
7.4;1;Swepson to Shakib, 1 run makes room outside leg, and Swepson goes short and wide of off. Slapped down to long-off powerfully;
7.3;2;Swepson to Shakib, 2 runs laps this very full ball on middle and leg down to fine leg. Goes low to play like a low full-toss, as fine leg chases to his left;
7.2;2;Swepson to Shakib, 2 runs short of a length on middle, and he pulls to deep midwicket from deep in his crease;
7.1;?;Swepson to Shakib, no run good length on middle and leg, and turns down leg. Clipped behind with the turn;
6.6;1;Christian to Shakib, 1 run just past the left of Christian, as the ball is pushed down to long-off. He bowled full on off, and went wide again to end up pretty wide of the crease. The ball just zipped past his hands on the left though;
6.5;?;Christian to Shakib, no run beaten off the slower ball. Good length delivery on middle and off, and he backs away to try and cut but can't get bat on ball;
6.4;1;Christian to Mohammad Naim, 1 run chips this aerially to short third man. Christian goes wide of the crease yet again - he ends up way outside - as Naim pushes at this fullish ball on off, as the ball goes on the bounce to the fielder;
6.3;?;Christian to Mohammad Naim, no run short of a length on off, and cuts this straight to point on the bounce;
6.2;1lb;Christian to Shakib, 1 leg bye goes for the lap, but is beaten. Full ball on off from wide of the crease again. The ball trickles off his arm toward point, and they sneak in a leg bye;
6.1;?;Christian to Shakib, no run goes wide of the crease to bowl full on off. It is a slower ball, and it is pushed back to the bowler;
5.6;1;Ellis to Shakib, 1 run tucked toward square leg off the fullish length on middle and leg to end the powerplay. And it is a brilliant over from Ellis again;
5.5;?;Ellis to Shakib, no run awkward bounce again. Ellis goes fullish just outside off, and it is the offcutter. The ball goes past Shakib, who thinks of poking at that, but the ball takes off and goes past his outside edge;
5.4;1;Ellis to Mohammad Naim, 1 run gets an outside edge over cover this time. Another full delivery on middle and off, and he goes for the drive over mid-off but gets an outside off as the ball flies over the in-field to deep point;
5.3;?;Ellis to Mohammad Naim, no run the ball goes past his outside edge, and rolls down to the keeper. Very full on off, and he opens the bat face but the slower ball means it passes away from and also with relatively lower bounce;
5.2;1;Ellis to Shakib, 1 run driven to deep point off this fullish length on off;
5.1;?;Ellis to Shakib, no run Good length on outside leg, and at 102kph only. Shakib goes for the flick, but misses. Ellis appeals for leg before as the ball turns away from him after taking good bounce;
4.6;?;Turner to Mohammad Naim, no run pushes this fullish delivery on off toward point. The batters think about a single for a moment, but the fielder is really close there;
4.5;1;Turner to Shakib, 1 run backs away, and pushes this full ball on off to long-off;
4.4;?;Turner to Shakib, no run almost chops on! Defends this good length ball on off really close to his body;
4.3;W;Turner to Mahedi Hasan, OUT top edge gobbled at midwicket! Shorter in length on middle, and the ball seemed like stopping on to the pitch as he went for the pull off his back foot. The bat entirely came out of his hands as he played that. Anyway, that is a wicket Turner will gladly accept after a couple of wides in the over;Mahedi Hasan c Agar b Turner 13 (20m 12b 2x4 0x6) SR: 108.33;
4.3;3w;Turner to Mahedi Hasan, 3 wide Wade misses this ball, as it turns down leg after pitching full on middle and leg. The batter misses is sweep too, and that is wide again;
4.2;1;Turner to Mohammad Naim, 1 run slower in pace, and on a good length on off. Tucked toward short third man for a quick single;
4.1;1;Turner to Mahedi Hasan, 1 run very full on middle and off. Slower ball, and driven to long-on;
4.1;1w;Turner to Mahedi Hasan, 1 wide and another wide, this time outside off;
4.1;1w;Turner to Mahedi Hasan, 1 wide turns down leg, and a wide. Full length on middle and leg, and he is beaten on his sweep as the ball turns down;
3.6;1;Ellis to Mahedi Hasan, 1 run full length ball on middle and leg, and that is flicked to deep square leg for a single. Ellis starts with just two from the over, after the spinners were smashed in the first three;
3.5;?;Ellis to Mahedi Hasan, no run beaten this time. Seam movement after going fullish on middle and off, and the ball moves away from the batter who keeps his bat within the line of the stumps as the ball passes his outside edge;
3.4;?;Ellis to Mahedi Hasan, no run leading edge back to Ellis. Goes for the flick to this full ball on leg, and at 106kph only. Not in control of that;
3.3;?;Ellis to Mahedi Hasan, no run pushes this back toward the bowler, who goes full on off and with a change of pace yet again;
3.2;?;Ellis to Mahedi Hasan, no run appeal for leg before, but turned down. Another slower ball, but this was much fuller on middle. Hits him on the front pad after good bounce off the surface. Replays suggest the bounce meant the ball would have gone over the stumps;
3.1;1;Ellis to Mohammad Naim, 1 run slower delivery first up. Short of a length on middle, and he waits for the ball to come before dabbing it toward square leg;
2.6;4;Zampa to Mahedi Hasan, FOUR runs lofted over Zampa, and four more. Remains deep to this full delivery on off, and lifts that powerfully over the bowler's head. Excellent over for the hosts;
2.5;1;Zampa to Mohammad Naim, 1 run tossed up and full on off. He is deep in his crease, and drives down to long-on;
2.4;?;Zampa to Mohammad Naim, no run good length on off, and turns back in again. Defended off the back foot toward square leg;
2.3;4b;Zampa to Mohammad Naim, 4 byes moves across, and the ball just about evades the leg stump. Full ball on middle, and this one turns into the batter, who goes for the sweep after exposing his middle and leg stump. The keeper is beaten as well, and the ball races away to fine leg for byes;
2.2;4;Zampa to Mohammad Naim, FOUR runs He cracks that over the bowler's head! Goes deep in his crease to this full ball outside off, and hammers it with mid-on inside the circle;
2.1;1;Zampa to Mahedi Hasan, 1 run very full on off, and he pushes to midwicket. Quick run is gobbled, as the throw at the bowler's end misses the stumps;
1.6;2;Agar to Mohammad Naim, 2 runs goes across the line to slog this full ball on middle and off. Sweeps that to deep midwicket, and they complete a rapid two;
1.5;1;Agar to Mahedi Hasan, 1 run fuller on middle and off, and that is an arm ball at 101kph. Flicked really late off the back foot to short fine leg;
1.4;1;Agar to Mohammad Naim, 1 run fullish and much closer to the batter on off at 98kph. Tucked toward point for a single;
1.4;1w;Agar to Mohammad Naim, 1 wide another one turns far down leg side from a good length on middle, and it is a wide;
1.3;?;Agar to Mohammad Naim, no run good delivery. Extra bounce off this good length on off, which also turns into him. Defended safely in the end;
1.2;?;Agar to Mohammad Naim, no run shorter and quicker on middle and leg. Turns into him a touch, and is pushed to short fine leg;
1.1;6;Agar to Mohammad Naim, SIX runs swung away for six over deep square leg! He too goes down on his back knee to this full ball on middle and off. It was in the slot, and bang!;
0.6;4;Turner to Mahedi Hasan, FOUR runs sweeps to fine leg for four! This was bowled full on his pads, and he went down on his back knee to slap that away for the first boundary. Good end to the over;
0.5;1;Turner to Mohammad Naim, 1 run this is pushed to long-off. Bowled at 99kph, and full on off again. This one goes on with the arm;
0.4;2;Turner to Mohammad Naim, 2 runs drives this full ball on off with an open face of the bat to the right of long-off;
0.3;?;Turner to Mohammad Naim, no run shorter and quicker on middle. Blocked off the back foot;
0.2;?;Turner to Mohammad Naim, no run turns away. Full delivery outside off, and the batter is beaten on his cover drive with the ball moving away;
0.1;1;Turner to Mahedi Hasan, 1 run on a good length on leg stump, and tucked down to short fine leg;

Around the wicket.
Mahedi - yup, right - and Naim ready with the bat for Bangladesh, with Turner having the new ball for Australia.
Nick: "@ Stuart : I see what you mean. Agar can bat, and having him at number 8 seems like a good thing. But it seems all of Australia's batting is made of tailenders who can bat..."
5.54pm The pitch is a used one for today, says Farvez Maharoof. He believes Australia's strategy of sending Christian as a hitter up top last game was a crucial move.
Mal: ""4-1 or 3-2? Who's betting on what here?" - Australia's score after the first over?" --- Hmmm, you've taken it some place else...
Shuvo M Hasan: "A 3-2 is must possible after seeing Ausie XI. Two leg-spinner is much more worthier in this condition and last match Swepson shown why."
Shaun: "4-1 with a super over." --- We have missed the thrill, haven't we?
Shakir: "Prediction 3-2"
Thanks Gnasher. 4-1 or 3-2? Who's betting on what here?
5.45pm Abir: "I think this is the last chance for Soumya. If he fails today, he will be out of the squad(not only XI) as Tamim and Liton will join the team from the next series!" It is worth remember the absence of Tamim and Das for sure. Anyway, on that note I'll hand over to Himanshu for the first stint of action.
5.35pm Nitol: "As Banglawash is no longer a possibility, I would like to see Fizz getting a rest while Taskin/Saifuddin getting a game, with WC being in picture." You got half your wish
S. M. MOHAMMAD: "I am surprised seeing Soumya in the playing eleven. They could have easily open with Mahedi." Showing faith. Can be a good thing.
Stuart: "Australia still living in the 90's with that long tail, can't get away with that in 20/20s these days. Everyone needs to be able to bat well." Agar at No. 8 is quite a lot of batting (in theory, at least!). At some point the top seven needs to do it
SAGAR: "Showing faith is good and all, but Soumya isn't a player for this kinda pitch. I'd rather have him rest now instead of being dropped in WC based on this series' performance."
5.30pm Bangladesh have won the toss and will bat
Bangladesh 1 Soumya Sarkar, 2 Mohammad Naim, 3 Shakib Al Hasan, 4 Mahmudullah (capt), 5 Nurul Hasan (wk), 6 Afif Hossain, 7 Mosaddek Hossain, 8 Mahedi Hasan, 9 Mohammad Saifuddin, 10 Mustafizur Rahman, 11 Nasum Ahmed
Two changes for Bangladesh, their first of the series, as Mosaddek and Saifuddin come into the side. Sarkar keeps his place
Australia 1 Matthew Wade (capt & wk), 2 Ben McDermott, 3 Mitchell Marsh, 4 Moises Henriques, 5 Alex Carey, 6 Ashton Turner, 7 Dan Christian, 8 Ashton Agar, 9 Nathan Ellis, 10 Mitchell Swepson, 11 Adam Zampa
Nathan Ellis and Adam Zampa are back for Andrew Tye and Josh Hazlewood (both rested) so Australia have gone with three frontline spinners.
Habib: "Certainly testing condition for the batters, but sometimes I love it when bowlers get some love which is becoming rare."
5.25pm Elsewhere, we have this terrific read on cricket in Brazil which is becoming a fantastic story
5.15pm pritom: "Hello guys! It was gloomy all day here in mirpur but it's clear now." I don't have an official weather update, but hopefully this is good news
Sean: "IDK about 80 but 100 seems to be already a big big score in these pitches, hope we get some for the batters as well today. Although it's been a good tight series to watch, I think the batsmen from both teams can do more if they apply themselves a little bit more."
Bakhtiar: "Dan Christian was explosive at no 3 the other day. Will we see him again?" If Australia lose an early wicket, I think so
5.10pm The conditions have made this the slowest-scoring series of at least three matches. It's been a curious few matches. Dan Christian spoke about what it's been like after his match-winning effort two days ago.
And, to throw things somewhat (and into a different format), Steve O'Keefe has spoke today about Australia's Test spin options - they are due to play Pakistan, Sri Lanka and India overseas next year.

5.00pm Hello and welcome to coverage of the final match of this series in Dhaka. Australia trying to make it 3-2, Bangladesh trying to resume winning ways before a much-deserved break before they face New Zealand. How will the pitch play, will 80 be a good score? Only (half) joking. I'm Andrew McGlashan and along with Himanshu Agrawal will bring you all the action. Here's the preview to get you up to speed.
 Innings Start
9.31 pm: That's that for this series. Shakib sure knows his numbers doesn't he? And why wouldn't he, he's the only one to have got a lot of them. Joyous scenes for Bangladesh. Australia have lots to ponder. And from all of us here - Gnasher, Himanshu, Ranjith and myself - it's goodbye.
Mahmudullah: The boys showed a lot of character and hunger to win a series against a team like Australia. We executed our plans really well. Obviously it was hard for the batters, but we did well to keep getting 120-130. All the bowlers worked really well together. The development has been increasing quite nicely. In Zimbabwe and here, the fast bowlers and spinners have worked really hard. They have kept their nerve in crunch moments, that's what matters in T20s, there will be pressure moments. In that part management supported well so it was a good team effort. Before starting the series I had a chat with the bowlers that it will be a responsibility on them and they should win the game. But it was a good team effort. The way the boys fought every game was really pleasing to see. We always felt that in our backyard we are a very good team. We can't let anything go past. We'll be challenging whoever comes to play in Bangladesh and we'd like to win every series. Though the ranking doesn't show it, I have always felt we have very good potential to be a very good team in T20Is.
Shakib Al Hasan is the Player of the Match and the Series: I'm still enjoying the game, that's the important thing. Thanks to my team-mates, this achievement wouldn't have been possible without their help. I think we played some really good cricket through two series, in Zimbabwe and here. Obviously the wicket was tough, but we held our nerve well. All in all a team effort. If you look at the last match, we scored 104-105 and the game still went to the last over. So we knew if we score 120-130 we'll always be in the game. We started well with the bat today, that gave us momentum. I think the bowlers did a fantastic job throughout this series. We're trying to improve all our areas. Our fast bowlers are also doing well, look at Mustafiz, Shoriful, Taskin. They make our (spinners') job easy. And we're contributing well in our part too. [on being told he's the first from Bangladesh to score 1000 runs and take 100 wickets in T20Is] - Has anyone else done it? [Malinga?] I guess he didn't score 1000 runs. [So he keeps track of records?] Sometimes I keep track of records.
Matthew Wade: It's hard to say there will be more positives. Certainly a great learning opportunity for our group. I've played for a few years now, certainly the toughest conditions to play T20 cricket in. Great learning for youngsters. Wasn't our series unfortunately. There's no excuses of not playing enough cricket. We had enough cricket in the West Indies to come and play good cricket, we just didn't. Credit to Bangladesh, they did well. We really had to scrounge, their batsmen found a way to get there (to 110-120 totals). Our spinners were exceptional. Mitch Marsh continues to grow on these pitches, he's had to work hard for it. Our bowling was good, but we just didn't have enough runs on the board. We've got to find a way to get better in spinning conditions. We didn't bowl the best today we have whole tour, but if we can drag the score back by 10-15 runs with the ball and get another 10-15 with the bat? we're not losing by big margins. These were very challenging conditions, but (not doing well) is certainly on us not on them. Well done to the Bangladesh team.
9.18 pm: While we're waiting for the presentations, here's some more numbers goodness from Sampath. This is the only bilateral T20I series (mininum 100 overs bowled) with a run-rate of less than 6 per over...
Meanwhile, Gnasher and our stats whiz Sampath have alerted me to the fact that this is the quickest Australia have been bowled out in all international cricket. Whew! Took just 13.4 overs today, and their previous low was 14.3 overs.
Tabib: "From getting hit for 5 sixes to coming back to fetch a four-fer, that's Shakib Al Hasan for you!!"
9.08 pm: Presentations coming up soon.
Joynul is having a chuckle: "Well, Australia finally found a way face off the Fizz! By getting all out before his death overs! "
And yes, this is the lowest ever total for Australia in T20Is. By a fair margin too.
prakash: "Aus given away 18 extras but only one batter cross this mark"
8.59 pm: That's as comprehensive as it gets for Bangladesh. They've taken the series 4-1, and that's a flattering margin for Australia. The pitches weren't the easiest, but this is still a proper stomping.
13.4;W;Shakib to Zampa, OUT checked drive goes straight to short cover and Shakib has wrapped up the game and series for Bangladesh. Length ball, seemed to stop a bit, as is de rigueur on this pitch, and Zampa was too early into his punch, can only push it to the fielder.;Adam Zampa c Mahmudullah b Shakib Al Hasan 4 (3m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 133.33;
13.3;2;Shakib to Zampa, 2 runs goes for a slog sweep, can't connect properly, gets an inside edge that goes really close to leg stump, but runs down to fine leg;
13.2;2;Shakib to Zampa, 2 runs might as well swing for the fences, and he has a go at this full ball on off, clears cover too;
13.1;W;Shakib to Ellis, OUT gone through him. It's almost as if Shakib has bowled a ball that's been tapped back to him. Such an everday reaction to bowling a nice looping delivery that pitches on leg, spins across a batsman who isn't really equipped to deal with this bowling, and pings into the stumps.;Nathan Ellis b Shakib Al Hasan 1 (7m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 14.28;
12.6;1;Saifuddin to Ellis, 1 run fuller outside off, flayed through cover;
12.5;?;Saifuddin to Ellis, no run fuller, cutting into him, he's stuck on the back foot and taps it to the bowler's right;
12.4;1;Saifuddin to Swepson, 1 run slower ball full on off, stays in his crease and steers it through backward point;
12.3;W;Saifuddin to Agar, OUT stumps rattled even as he was coming down the track to manufacture something. Dire straits for Australia, so Agar wanted to create some momentum, came down a few steps looking to slug it through midwicket, completely missed it. Bowler kept it on the stumps, he didn't miss.;Ashton Agar b Mohammad Saifuddin 2 (6m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
12.2;?;Saifuddin to Agar, no run that one kept very low. Rolled his fingers over it again, and the batsman looking to pull is done in completely. Took the pace off too;
12.1;2;Saifuddin to Agar, 2 runs tapped through backward square leg on the back foot;
11.6;?;Shakib to Ellis, no run length on off, spinning away, past his defensive poke. Wicket maiden;
11.5;?;Shakib to Ellis, no run slows it up, tantalisingly tossed up on a length on off, he's stuck in his crease and negotiates it tentatively towards short third man;
11.4;?;Shakib to Ellis, no run fuller on off, defended back;
11.3;?;Shakib to Ellis, no run fired into him, pushed to cover;
11.2;W;Shakib to Turner, OUT he's cut that straight to short cover and Shakib has his 100th T20I wicket. Soft dismissal, this was wide of off stump and turning away, he had the room to slash it, ends up tamely cutting it straight to the fielder, who takes it low in front of him.;Ashton Turner c Mahmudullah b Shakib Al Hasan 1 (4m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
11.1;?;Shakib to Turner, no run makes room to this full one on the stumps and carves it inside out, but straight to point;
10.6;?;Saifuddin to Agar, no run back of a length going across him to finish, defended solidly back;
10.5;W;Saifuddin to Henriques, OUT that's a bit of a gift. Was looking to run this down fine, instead he glances it perfectly into the keeper's gloves. Length ball on a tight off-stump line, he opened the bat face too much and got a thin edge through.;Moises Henriques c ?Nurul Hasan b Mohammad Saifuddin 3 (8m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 42.85;
10.4;1;Saifuddin to Turner, 1 run length ball coming into him, tucked through midwicket;
10.3;W;Saifuddin to Carey, OUT castled. This one was more straight, another off-cutter, and Carey goes back and across to cut it, sneaks under his bat at 115kph and rattles timber.;Alex Carey b Mohammad Saifuddin 3 (14m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 42.85;
10.2;1;Saifuddin to Henriques, 1 run another off-cutter, this is a bit shorter, so he stays back and swats it through midwicket;
10.1;1;Saifuddin to Carey, 1 run held in the pitch a bit, cutting across him, pushed at it, got a healthy edge, and short third man does well to dive to his right and stop it;
9.6;1;Shakib to Carey, 1 run this is short and wide of off. Cut away to deep point;
9.5;?;Shakib to Carey, no run sweeps this full ball on his pads to short fine leg. Another dot;
9.4;1;Shakib to Henriques, 1 run makes room and lofts that full ball on middle aerially to cover for a single;
9.3;?;Shakib to Henriques, no run good length ball on off, and pushed to cover off the back foot;
9.2;?;Shakib to Henriques, no run off the inside edge to square leg, as Shakib goes full and slow on middle and off;
9.1;?;Shakib to Henriques, no run yorker on middle and leg, and pushed to cover from deep in his crease;
8.6;1;Mahmudullah to Henriques, 1 run sweeps first ball in the air to deep square, but safely. Full ball on middle and off, and he is down on his knees to slog that to get off the mark;
8.5;W;Mahmudullah to McDermott, OUT chipped back to the bowler! Soft dismissal in the end. McDermott again looks to clip that to the on side, but this was bowled much slower although on a shortish length on middle and off. The ball comes off the leading edge, with the captain striking in his first over;Ben McDermott c & b Mahmudullah 17 (26m 16b 0x4 1x6) SR: 106.25;
8.4;?;Mahmudullah to McDermott, no run pushed to midwicket with the closed face of the bat, as the bowler goes full on middle and off;
8.3;6;Mahmudullah to McDermott, SIX runs clears long-on with his pull! Slower ball and short outside off. He goes deep in his crease and crunches that with the turn into him;
8.2;2;Mahmudullah to McDermott, 2 runs misfield at midwicket, as the batter pulls this short ball on middle and off. Two quick runs nabbed;
8.1;?;Mahmudullah to McDermott, no run shorish on off, and pulled to the man at midwicket;
7.6;?;Shakib to Carey, no run goes for the reverse-sweep, and he is totally out of control. Full ball on middle and leg, and he is beaten on his shot with the ball clipping his front pad and trickling down to short fine leg;
7.5;1;Shakib to McDermott, 1 run lofted just past the stretched out hand of Shakib to his left. Full ball on off, and he goes in the air with that drive with the ball down to long-off;
7.4;1;Shakib to Carey, 1 run goes for the sweep again, gets a top edge again and he is safe again! Full length ball on middle, and he is down on his back knee with the ball landing toward deep square in between three fielders;
7.3;?;Shakib to Carey, no run gets a top edge to the sweep, but safe. He sweeps off a full length on middle as the ball lands short of the man at short third man;
7.2;W;Shakib to Wade, OUT and he is bowled! This is bowled quicker and on a good length on off as Wade misses out on his pull this time. He was perhaps playing for the turn, with the ball going on straight to hit off stump without quite bouncing as the batter would have expected;Matthew Wade b Shakib Al Hasan 22 (37m 22b 0x4 2x6) SR: 100;
7.1;1;Shakib to McDermott, 1 run fullish on middle and off. Pushed with the turn to long-on while playing off the back foot;
6.6;1;Saifuddin to McDermott, 1 run much fuller and outside off. That is now driven to deep point as they continue to rotate strike;
6.5;1lb;Saifuddin to Wade, 1 leg bye appeal for leg before, but that pitched outside leg on a fullish length. Wade goes for the slog behind square, but the ball strikes his back pad and rolls over;
6.4;1;Saifuddin to McDermott, 1 run and change of pace once more. Full on off, and McDermott pushes that to long-on yet again;
6.3;1;Saifuddin to Wade, 1 run pulls this on the bounce to deep square. Short of a length on middle and leg, and Wade almost swivels in the crease as he tried to loft that;
6.2;1;Saifuddin to McDermott, 1 run a cutter and very full on middle and off. Just 116kph, and driven down to long-on off the front foot;
6.1;1;Saifuddin to Wade, 1 run very full on middle and leg, and tapped to cover as they set off for a quick single;
5.6;?;Mustafizur to McDermott, no run slower ball but much fuller on off. He opens the bat to tap that to the covers;
5.5;?;Mustafizur to McDermott, no run short of a length on middle and leg, and driven back to the bowler after presenting the full face of the bat again. Slight fumble by the bowler, but no run conceded;
5.4;1;Mustafizur to Wade, 1 run change of pace again on a full length on middle and leg, and pushed to the right of short fine leg very late and with soft hands;
5.3;1;Mustafizur to McDermott, 1 run tickled to third man, as Mustafizur goes short and wide of off on this occasion;
5.2;?;Mustafizur to McDermott, no run short delivery outside off, and driven to cover-point with the full face of the bat;
5.1;1;Mustafizur to Wade, 1 run and it is a slower ball first up. Huge appeal for leg before, but only the bowler is excited. Full ball on middle and off, and clipped to square leg off the inside edge;
4.6;1;Mahedi Hasan to Wade, 1 run goes across the line to this full ball outside off which is also tossed up. Gets it off the bottom off the bat to mid-on instead;
4.5;6;Mahedi Hasan to Wade, SIX runs cracked over long-on for a six! Another one which is short of a length outside off, and he rocks back to pull that from deep in his crease for another maximum;
4.4;1;Mahedi Hasan to McDermott, 1 run good length on off, and pushed to mid-off for a rapid single;
4.3;1;Mahedi Hasan to Wade, 1 run and this one again turns away. Short of a length on off, and pushed down to long-off away from the body;
4.2;?;Mahedi Hasan to Wade, no run another dot. This is cut off a short of a length outside off. It is timed well, but right to cover-point;
4.1;?;Mahedi Hasan to Wade, no run fullish on off, and turns away. Cut to the man at cover;
3.6;2;Nasum to McDermott, 2 runs full and tossed up outside off, and driven to the covers. Misfield at cover allows him a couple to get off the mark;
3.5;W;Nasum to Marsh, OUT struck on the front pad, and given leg before! But Marsh reviews. Good length ball on middle, and he is across the stumps while trying to slog that to the on side with his back leg way outside off. He his down on his back knee, as it hits him close to his knee. Replays show that would have hit middle and leg, and Marsh has to walk back. The stumps were clearly visible when he ended up missing his shot, which would have meant he was pretty plumb;Mitchell Marsh lbw b Nasum Ahmed 4 (12m 9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 44.44;
3.4;1;Nasum to Wade, 1 run this keeps slightly low, as it is shorter on leg. Wade pulls to deep square with the turn;
3.3;1;Nasum to Marsh, 1 run cut away to long-off with the turn away from him. Short and wide of off, and the cover fielder diving to his right gets a hand;
3.2;?;Nasum to Marsh, no run goes for the heave to the off side, but is beaten by the length and turn. There is a stumping appeal by the keeper, and it has gone upstairs. Pretty full on off, and turns away with good bounce as Marsh misses that completely with the ball passing his outside edge. Replays show his back foot was comfortably in though when the bails were whacked;
3.1;1;Nasum to Wade, 1 run fullish on leg, and turns in. Wade pushes that off the back foot to deep square after allowing it to turn;
2.6;?;Mahedi Hasan to Marsh, no run another one turns into the right-hander, as Marsh pushes this good length ball pitched on off to the right of bowler while playing from leg stump;
2.5;?;Mahedi Hasan to Marsh, no run beaten by the turn into him. Shortish length on off, and he gets an inside edge close to the stumps;
2.4;1;Mahedi Hasan to Wade, 1 run pushed to the right of the bowler, who dives and gets a hand, but can't stop the ball from heading to long-off. Fullish on off, and this was played with the turn away from him;
2.3;?;Mahedi Hasan to Wade, no run this is on a shorter length outside off. Spins away a touch, as he dabs that to cover;
2.2;6;Mahedi Hasan to Wade, SIX runs tonked for six over deep midwicket! That made a sweet sound as it left the bat. Full length on off, and turning slightly away as Wade goes down on his back knee to absolutely hammer that;
2.1;1;Mahedi Hasan to Marsh, 1 run gets a top edge off his pull, and the ball lands behind the keeper. Not all that short to pull, as it was on a good length on middle and leg, with the ball turning into him;
1.6;1;Nasum to Marsh, 1 run lofted to long-off as the bowler goes full on off this time. That was in the air for a while before it landed safe;
1.5;1;Nasum to Wade, 1 run clips this full ball on middle and leg to short fine leg. There was needed a direct hit at the keeper's end. Quick single completed;
1.4;?;Nasum to Wade, no run turn and bounce again. Cramps him off a good length on middle, as the ball comes back into him with Wade trying to dab;
1.3;1;Nasum to Marsh, 1 run swept aerially toward midwicket off the full ball on middle and off, but safe in the end;
1.2;?;Nasum to Marsh, no run this one turns away sharply, and with good bounce. Fullish on off, and the ball goes past his outside edge;
1.1;W;Nasum to Christian, OUT bowled him first ball! The off stump is pegged back, as Christian misses his pull. This was short of a length on off, and doesn't quite up as the batter would have liked. He is perhaps a bit early in his shot, and the ball skids on to hit off stump. Nasum strikes early, as the dangerman departs;Dan Christian b Nasum Ahmed 3 (4m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
0.6;?;Mahedi Hasan to Wade, no run fuller on middle and leg, and comes on with the arm. Pushed to cover off the back foot and with a skip in the crease;
0.5;?;Mahedi Hasan to Wade, no run cuts to cover this short ball on off;
0.4;?;Mahedi Hasan to Wade, no run huge appeal for leg before, but not given! Goes for the reverse-sweep to this full ball on middle and off, and hits his arm as he his beaten;
0.3;?;Mahedi Hasan to Wade, no run very full on off, and driven aerially back to the bowler, who dives forward as the ball just falls short of him;
0.2;3;Mahedi Hasan to Christian, 3 runs backs away and sweeps over the keeper's head. It was pretty full on middle and off, and that came off the top edge as the ball turned into him. They nab three runs quickly;
0.1;?;Mahedi Hasan to Christian, no run fullish ball on off, and a hint of turn as his prod on off stump goes off the inside edge to the leg side;

Mahedi, who opened the batting too, will start with the ball to Christian. Over the wicket
Wade and McDermott Christian take their time to come out of their hut though. A change in the opening combination for Australia too after the latter's assault of five sixes in an over last game.
Out come the umpires and the Bangladesh side for the chase.
Ollie: "What did Dan Christian say, 120 here feels like 190 elsewhere? So effectively the Aussies are trying to chase down 192 with 3 batsmen and a load of all rounders?" --- You could say so, yes!
Rose: "8-0-50-5 in his career so far. Not bad from Nathan Ellis, especially today"
7.45pm Hello then. 33 without loss after the first three overs, yet Bangladesh end on just 122. But credit to Ellis and Christian, who have given Australia a chance to end the tour win two wins on the trot.
 Innings Start
Bangladesh
Australia
5th T20I (N), Dhaka, Aug 9 2021, Australia tour of Bangladesh
122/8
62
Player of the match is Shakib Al Hasan, BDESH
Bangladesh won by 60 runs
