Data
simgwat: "Quick stat Mitch Johnson two games 3 Sixes 3 fours 43 from 18, strike rate 243.75 ................. 1 window broken !"
SaeedfromNYC: "I would love to see a successful 300-plus chase today. No hard feelings, Aussies! Just want South Africa to demonstrate to Pakistan how it is done!"
Vman: "*Facepalm*. Why oh why did AB select Parnell for the final over??! McLaren, Duminy, ANYONE would have been better. His selection has massively cost SA today."
1.20pm South Africa bowled well in patches, but those patches came between spells of Australian dominance. Hughes and Finch built a very good platform, and Finch and Bailey ensured Australia didn't lose too much steam even as they lost a couple of wickets to the spinners in the middle. South Africa dismissed Maxwell cheaply, but Smith and Johnson powered Australia to a pretty formidable total in the end. South Africa will have to do very well to chase this.
49.6;4;Parnell to Johnson, FOUR runs full again, but Mitchell's cleared his front leg and made enough swinging room to drive that hard, down the ground, all along the ground, between the stumps and long-on;
49.5;2;Parnell to Johnson, 2 runs this time he makes room and hits it over extra cover. Was a pretty good ball, very full, and he dIdn't quite time it, and it slows down as it approaches the boundary;
49.4;6;Parnell to Johnson, SIX runs that's the old length ball on off stump, and Mitch clears his front leg and swings his arms through it to launch that over deep square leg and into the crowd;
49.3;1;Parnell to Faulkner, 1 run back of a length, follows Faulkner as he gives himself room. Squirts it down towards cover point;
49.2;1;Parnell to Johnson, 1 run full on leg stump, and it goes off his pad backward of square as he looks to flick;
49.1;6;Parnell to Johnson, SIX runs short ball, and Mitch has clubbed that from just outside off over the midwicket boundary. Sound baseball technique, lovely swivel of the hips;
48.6;1;Steyn to Johnson, 1 run back of a length, angling across, and he gets on his toes to push that towards mid-off;
48.5;2;Steyn to Johnson, 2 runs short, and he gives himself room and slices that high off the outside half of his bat, bounces down towards third man;
48.4;1;Steyn to Faulkner, 1 run that's full outside off, and he drags it round to wide long-on. Hit that very low on the bat;
48.3;?;Steyn to Faulkner, no run that's the wide yorker, and it sneaks under Faulkner's bat as he backs away and tries to crash that through point;
48.2;1;Steyn to Johnson, 1 run short ball, rising towards the ribcage, and he bunts it down towards deep backward square leg;
48.1;1;Steyn to Faulkner, 1 run short ball, gets to Faulkner too quickly to pull, and he ends up hitting it much straighter than he wanted, down to long-on;
43.6;?;Tahir to Haddin, no run beautifully bowled. He went back to cut, and the googly turned sharply and rapped him on the pad. The inside-edge saves him;
43.5;2;Tahir to Haddin, 2 runs short, and he's back in a flash to pull to the left of deep midwicket;
43.4;1lb;Tahir to Smith, 1 leg bye down the pitch, and he bowls the googly that turns and bounces from outside off. Smith prods forward to defend, and it goes off his pad into the leg side;
43.3;1;Tahir to Haddin, 1 run shortish, and it hurries on, but quick feet help him get back and cut that in front of square;
43.2;6;Tahir to Haddin, SIX runs there's the slog-sweep, and he catches that in the middle of his bat and it soars over midwicket and clears the ropes quite comfortably;
43.1;?;Tahir to Haddin, no run full on leg stump, and short midwicket dives to his left to cut off that flick;
42.6;1lb;Morkel to Haddin, 1 leg bye short ball, angling down the leg side again, he gets a bit of hip on that and it dies just short of de Kock scrambling to his left;
42.5;1;Morkel to Smith, 1 run back of a length outside off, and he uses the angle to bunt it down into the on side and take a quick run;
42.4;W;Morkel to Maxwell, OUT down the track, doesn't get to the pitch, and he's slogged that straight up in the air. AB de Villiers takes a simple catch, running a few yards to his left from mid-on;Glenn Maxwell c de Villiers b Morkel 7 (18m 8b 1x4 0x6) SR: 87.5;
42.4;1w;Morkel to Maxwell, 1 wide short, down the leg side, and de Kock lets out a wistful caught behind appeal. Maxwell looked to pull and got nowhere near the ball;
42.3;?;Morkel to Maxwell, no run that's full, and he whips it wristily from off stump to short midwicket;
42.2;?;Morkel to Maxwell, no run back of a length, and it straightens from outside off. Maxwell, pushing at it with half a bat, is beaten;
42.1;2;Morkel to Maxwell, 2 runs back of a length, comes in from outside off, and he gets on top of the bounce and steers it deftly to the left of third man;
42.1;1w;Morkel to Maxwell, 1 wide full, and slants it down the leg side again. It hasn't been Morkel's best day in terms of accuracy;
47.6;W;McLaren to Smith, OUT backs away again, looks to go over extra cover, and he bowled it straight this time. Smith misses, McLaren hits. I think that was poor execution more than anything else, it was there to be hit;Steven Smith b McLaren 31 (36m 19b 4x4 0x6) SR: 163.15;
47.5;2;McLaren to Smith, 2 runs now he moves across to the off side and whips this full ball to deep midwicket;
47.4;4;McLaren to Smith, FOUR runs another slower ball, and again Smith has loads of room outside off. Slashes hard, over the infield, and finds that backward point boundary again;
47.3;4;McLaren to Smith, FOUR runs slower ball, and it's another full-toss, and he only has to open his bat face to send that screaming high past backward point;
47.2;4;McLaren to Smith, FOUR runs down the pitch, and converts this into a wide full-toss that he slaps away past cover point diving to his left;
47.2;1w;McLaren to Smith, 1 wide gives himself room again and McLaren follows him with the bouncer, but it bounces way over the head and well down the leg side, and the umpire has to give that wide;
47.1;2;McLaren to Smith, 2 runs sees him backing away outside leg, and bowls the slower ball on middle and leg. Once again, a thick outside edge down to third man. Was looking to slash it through cover point, perhaps;
46.6;1;Steyn to Smith, 1 run makes room again, and this time he bowls the slower one outside off. Slaps it to du Plessis backward point and runs the single. Direct hit at the bowler's end would have been interesting;
46.5;4;Steyn to Smith, FOUR runs best shot in the book, the thick outside edge that beats the diving keeper. It was full, just outside off, and he gave room and went hard at it, looking towards extra cover;
46.4;3;Steyn to Faulkner, 3 runs that's a length ball outside off, and he looks to slash it over cover and gets a thick outside edge that bounces down to the left of third man. Excellent fielding by Tahir to palm that away from the rope;
46.3;?;Steyn to Faulkner, no run sees Faulkner backing away, and bowls a fast, short ball just outside off that climbs steeply into de Kock's gloves. Faulkner could do nothing but let it go;
46.2;1;Steyn to Smith, 1 run back of a length outside off, bunted away towards backward point with soft hands;
46.1;?;Steyn to Smith, no run back of a length, angling in towards middle and off, and he has no room to do anything but block it back to the bowler;
41.6;2;McLaren to Smith, 2 runs length ball on off stump, and he drives it crisply to deep cover;
41.5;?;McLaren to Smith, no run short ball, and he looks to pull and inside-edges it into his body;
41.4;?;McLaren to Smith, no run length ball outside off, and Smith leaves it through to the keeper;
41.3;1;McLaren to Maxwell, 1 run short again, just outside off, and he pulls it hard to deep square leg;
41.2;?;McLaren to Maxwell, no run fuller now, on off stump, and he punches it down to mid-off;
41.1;4;McLaren to Maxwell, FOUR runs short ball, angling down the leg, and he's got enough bat on it to send it down to the fine leg boundary, very fine;
40.6;W;Morkel to Bailey, OUT what did he do there? Bailey was opened up by this back of a length ball that straightened just outside off, and it may have bounced more than expected, and, oh my, the ball's missed his outside edge completely and hit his trouser pocket on its way through to the keeper. The umpire's finger went up immediately;George Bailey c ?de Kock b Morkel 66 (81m 54b 3x4 3x6) SR: 122.22;
40.5;?;Morkel to Bailey, no run length ball angling in towards off stump. Bailey knocks it to point, thinks of a single, and decides against it;
40.4;6;Morkel to Bailey, SIX runs short ball, and how well has he timed that? It was angling down leg, and he used the angle and swivelled to help that over the deep backward square leg boundary;
40.3;?;Morkel to Bailey, no run back of a length on off stump, defended back to the bowler off the back foot;
40.2;2;Morkel to Bailey, 2 runs looks to flick that from the stumps, and ends up skying it over the leg side. Two fielders chase, but it drops between AB running to his right from mid on and McLaren to his left from deep square leg;
40.1;?;Morkel to Bailey, no run back of a length, angling in and straightens towards off and middle. Jumps in the air to defend back to the bowler;

PeterA: "Zeeshan!!!!! you jinxed it!!!!" I sense it might have been deliberate...
 Innings Start
5.50pm So that's all from me, George and Chandan for today. It was an awesome game of cricket, and a pleasure to commentate on. Thanks for tuning in, as always, and sending in your comments. Do join us for our next live game, wherever in the world it's from. Until next time, bye!
5.40pm Presentation time. First up, George Bailey: "We certainly had enough runs on the board, created enough chances, but hats off to Faf and AB, two extraordinary innings." On not playing Lyon: "One of the challenges for us is Maxi is a good enough spinner to not be a part-timer, like JP Duminy is for South Africa, and Steven Smith is going to be a massive one-day bowler for us."
AB de Villiers is Man of the Match. "Haven't scored a lot of runs of late, to score a few here is pleasing. Had a lot of chances, and luckily I made it count. Two guys stood out today, first of all Faf. I know he's had a rough start to his ODI career, but he is in magnificent form. The other guy is Imran Tahir. It was a good wicket, but areas to improve on. Too many extras. I think there is enough experience to carry the young guys through and carry them forward. I think the hunger we showed, especially in the last series against Sri Lanka, and I was very pleased to see that hunger again today."
Kranthi: "When was the last time (in an ODI) that every Australian bowler's economy rate went up over 6?"
5.25pm Australia will be shell-shocked by how easy it was for South Africa. But poorly as they sometimes bowled, most of the credit must go to Faf du Plessis and AB de Villiers, who made the most stunning centuries you can imagine in a chase of this magnitude. How well they paced their partnership, soaking up the pressure early on, getting set, and then there was no stopping either of them.
Faf du Plessis says it was a special day. "Got my first Test hundred against Australia, and to get my one-day hundred as well... I'm very happy. Happy I got the opportunity to bat at three, important for me to get those hundreds. Unfortunate I couldn't get over the line. With AB cramping it was important I was the guy there at the end. Was a little two-paced, and there was something if you took some pace off. The chase was a great effort, but a lot of areas we can improve on."
46.4;1;Faulkner to Duminy, 1 run it's a slower ball on middle stump, and a quick single down to mid-on does it for South Africa. What a chase this has been!;
46.4;1w;Faulkner to Duminy, 1 wide now he bowls this down the leg side, and Duminy, shuffling across, can't quite get his bat on that flick;
46.3;4;Faulkner to Duminy, FOUR runs full on middle stump, and he clips it away into the gap between midwicket and mid-on. That races away to the boundary, super timing;
46.3;1w;Faulkner to Duminy, 1 wide short ball, and again it bounces over head high as Duminy lets it go;
46.2;?;Faulkner to Duminy, no run back of a length, rising towards the rib-cage, and he manages to ride the bounce and drop the ball down into the off side. He's nursing his fingers, so I guess it's hit him on the glove;
46.1;1;Faulkner to de Villiers, 1 run full on off stump, and he plays a controlled drive out to the deep cover sweeper;
45.6;1;Kane Richardson to de Villiers, 1 run full-toss on the pads, and he tucks it away to the right of deep midwicket;
45.5;1;Kane Richardson to Duminy, 1 run short ball, and he pulls it round to deep backward square leg;
45.4;1;Kane Richardson to de Villiers, 1 run now he backs away from the stumps and slaps this wide-ish yorker to deep cover, falling over a touch as he does so;
45.3;4;Kane Richardson to de Villiers, FOUR runs length ball on off, and he's in the perfect position, having given himself a little bit of room, to launch that over mid-off;
45.2;1;Kane Richardson to Duminy, 1 run short again, and he works this off his hips towards square leg;
45.1;2;Kane Richardson to Duminy, 2 runs short, and it's pulled away to the left of the deep backward square leg fielder;
44.6;1;Faulkner to Duminy, 1 run short, and this time it's only shoulder-high, at a gentle pace off the pitch, and he controls the pull down to deep backward square leg;
44.5;?;Faulkner to Duminy, no run short ball, lots of bounce, and he decides against pulling it, swaying away instead;
44.4;1;Faulkner to de Villiers, 1 run now he drives it down to long-off and walks the single. "More of this!" his hamstring must be telling him.;
44.3;1;Faulkner to Duminy, 1 run back of a length, just outside off, dabbed down to third man;
44.2;1;Faulkner to de Villiers, 1 run That was a one-handed slap over short fine leg. He walked across the stumps, fell over, and hit it with only his bottom hand over the fielder. Didn't quite time it, but how do you time a shot like that?;
44.1;1;Faulkner to Duminy, 1 run angles this down leg, and he nurdles it down to fine leg;
43.6;2;Kane Richardson to de Villiers, 2 runs full and wide, and he flat-bats that to the right of deep cover;
43.5;1;Kane Richardson to Duminy, 1 run back of a length now, dabbed down to third man;
43.4;6;Kane Richardson to Duminy, SIX runs oho! What a shot that is! A step out of his crease, and it's a length ball, on off stump, which he hammers back over the umpire's head for six;
43.3;1;Kane Richardson to de Villiers, 1 run short, angling in, and he backs away and slaps it to deep cover;
43.2;1;Kane Richardson to Duminy, 1 run back of a length, angling in towards off, and he plays a late dab down to third man;
43.1;1;Kane Richardson to de Villiers, 1 run Chops this short ball to backward point and goes for the run. Has to dive to complete it as the throw comes in, and misses the stumps;
42.6;3;Johnson to de Villiers, 3 runs full on off, and he's waiting for precisely that ball after that big step back in his crease. Lifts that over mid-off, doesn't quite time it, and Starc can chase back and pull it back with the slide;
42.5;3;Johnson to Duminy, 3 runs full and wide, and he steers that to the left of point with an open face, and they run three, despite AB's twingy hammy;
42.5;1w;Johnson to Duminy, 1 wide looks for the yorker, and slants this down the leg side;
42.4;?;Johnson to Duminy, no run that's full, tailing in towards off, and he pushes that down to mid-on with a straight bat;
42.3;1;Johnson to de Villiers, 1 run short, wide, and it didn't quite come on. Chopped away to deep cover;
42.2;1;Johnson to Duminy, 1 run onto the pads now, and he clips it down to deep backward square leg;
42.1;2;Johnson to Duminy, 2 runs short, wide, and he's carved it away backward of point. Mitch Marsh tumbles to his left to stop that after running round from third man;

Ram: "This is becoming a bit of concern for Aussies ...their batsman score 300+ and it is chased down quite comfortably buy the opposition with some stunning centuries...Remember Jaipur and Nagpur last year!!" Anyone think they're missing a specialist spinner?
 Innings Start
Australia
South Africa
2nd Match, Harare, Aug 27 2014, Zimbabwe Triangular Series
327/7
328/3
Player of the match is AB de Villiers, SA
South Africa won by 7 wickets (with 20 balls remaining)
