Data
6.10 pm Usually a score as big as this needs a top-order batsman to make most of the running. And Quinton de Kock was the man to do it for South Africa. He eased past some early jitters with his footwork, was willing to work for his runs and take advantage of the bad balls. A century he will remember for a while, and cherish if his team wins. But there was another man who deserves equal plaudits, one who has been under an intense scanner. Farhaan Behardien does not look like a man who can score 63 off 41, but he showed off some sparkling strokes, especially off the back foot to put a pretty handy target. Join us in about half an hour to see the Australian chase
Kamran: "aaand Behardien's batting average goes below Parnell's once again. But he's played a very crucial innings."
49.6;1;Faulkner to McLaren, 1 run slower ball off the back of the hand, McLaren slogs and gets a bottom edge down to the keeper. Single taken;
49.5;?;Faulkner to McLaren, no run fullish on middle and he presents the perfect front foot block.;
49.4;W;Faulkner to Behardien, OUT length and Behardien goes for the hoick again! He had nailed it, but Steven Smith skirts the rope and picks up a lovely catch to his left and over his shoulders. Top innings, this. The kind that will decide a match;Farhaan Behardien c Smith b Faulkner 63 (58m 41b 7x4 2x6) SR: 153.65;
49.3;?;Faulkner to Behardien, no run short and wide outside off, he goes for a great big slash over point and misses;
49.2;?;Faulkner to Behardien, no run goes for the same shot as he moved back and across on off stump, misses his shot and seems to be struck in line. At least the umpire thinks so. It's a proper delivery, Hot Spot says there is no nick. Billy Bowden wants the snicko, no spike there either. Eagle Eye though says it is pitching outside leg and Behardien has pulled off a good review.;
49.1;6;Faulkner to Behardien, SIX runs heeeeeave, and it clatters into the crowd behind midwicket. Slower ball first up and Behardien went deep in the crease and clobbered it;
48.6;?;Starc to Parnell, no run full and wide of off stump, sliced away to cover for a single;
48.5;1;Starc to Behardien, 1 run backs away again and slashes a shortish delivery angled sharply at him and gets a single to deep third man;
48.4;6;Starc to Behardien, SIX runs What. A. Shot! AB would struggle to match that as he backs away and lifts a length ball cramping him for room and lift it nonchalantly over extra cover. Very classy!;
48.3;1;Starc to Parnell, 1 run goes for the big inswinging yorker, gets the inswing part right but it's a low full toss which is heaved away to deep square leg;
48.2;3;Starc to Behardien, 3 runs goes short on off stump, Behardien pulls to deep square leg and the long boundary down there affords the batsman three runs. This has been one amazing little partnership, and quietly Behardien has moved onto fifty, off 35 balls;
48.1;1;Starc to Parnell, 1 run a little too much on the wide yorker and the full toss takes the inside half of the bat to mid-on. Single is the result;
43.6;?;Starc to Behardien, no run full and angled in on middle at 141 kph, pushed to mid-on;
43.5;?;Starc to Behardien, no run 125kph, full on off stump, Behardien pushes to mid-on;
43.4;2;Starc to Behardien, 2 runs 144 kph, looks for the wide yorker but Behardien is able to slice it away behind point, only just though as Smith leaps to his left with one hand extending as far as it could;
43.3;?;Starc to Behardien, no run back of a length on off stump, worked to midwicket;
43.2;4;Starc to Behardien, FOUR runs uses the angle into him and flicks a poor delivery to the fine leg boundary. Too acute an angle and whatever length it was - this one was fuller - wouldn't have bothered the batsman;
43.1;1;Starc to Parnell, 1 run fuller and a shade outside off, pushed to the left of short cover and to the right of mid-off for a single;
42.6;1;Cummins to Parnell, 1 run short and wide, Parnell taps it in front of point for a single;
42.5;?;Cummins to Parnell, no run full on off stump, pushed back at mid-on;
42.4;1;Cummins to Behardien, 1 run the slower short ball this time, Behardien has spotted it early and chops it to deep third man;
42.3;4;Cummins to Behardien, FOUR runs top shot! He has waited on the short ball to come on and then helps it away to the fine leg boundary with a pull, rolled his wrists on top of it and timed it very sweetly;
42.2;?;Cummins to Behardien, no run punched away to point as this was short and outside off;
42.1;1;Cummins to Parnell, 1 run that's a short ball that forces him off his feet to blunt it towards square leg;
47.6;2;Faulkner to Behardien, 2 runs length and outside off, slapped away to deep cover and they pick up a couple and Behardien stretches on the outfield to ward off his hip troubles;
47.5;1lb;Faulkner to Parnell, 1 leg bye another slower ball, fuller on middle and leg. Parnell had to check his shot after looking to flick too early. Single towards midwicket;
47.4;1;Faulkner to Behardien, 1 run there's the short bounder as the slower ball sits up for Behardien, but this time his placement if wrong. Throws his head back as he finds square leg dead on;
47.3;2;Faulkner to Behardien, 2 runs runs down the track and gets an inside edge off the swipe and it goes to long-on. Parnell spots an opportunity for a double and hares across;
47.2;1;Faulkner to Parnell, 1 run shortish on off stump, run down towards point;
47.1;1;Faulkner to Behardien, 1 run stays beside the shortish ball on middle and punches to deep cover;
46.6;4;Hazlewood to Parnell, FOUR runs belted down the ground! Parnell joins in the flurry, and is helped out by the bowler missing his wide yorker. The half-volley has been hit hard enough that Steven Smith at long-on becomes a spectator as well. South Africa have their 250 up;
46.5;?;Hazlewood to Parnell, no run nails the wide yorker and Parnell was too slow in bring down his chop to point;
46.4;1;Hazlewood to Behardien, 1 run tucked away to the right of square leg;
46.3;4;Hazlewood to Behardien, FOUR runs thumped away through extra cover, and there's the boundary his team wants. Similar delivery to the last one, but it didn't have as much bounce and his back-foot play today has been near flawless;
46.2;?;Hazlewood to Behardien, no run back of a length and outside off, Behardien looks to force it through the off side and is beaten;
46.1;?;Hazlewood to Behardien, no run another sumptuously timed stroke from Behardien. What has been been doing today? This was a bit too full on off stump and he smacks it back at the bowler. Hazlewood does quite well to get down on his followthrough;
41.6;?;Starc to Behardien, no run seeks the yorker on off stump, but ends up a bit of a low full toss that is pushed down to mid-off;
41.5;4;Starc to Behardien, FOUR runs went short again and Behardien goes boom through midwicket. Looked like a flat-batted swipe as much as it was a pull. Pure power;
41.4;?;Starc to Behardien, no run good length ball on off stump, pushed to short cover;
41.3;1;Starc to Parnell, 1 run full and outside off, brings down an open face and slices it to deep third man;
41.2;?;Starc to Parnell, no run back of a length on middle and leg, tucked away to midwicket;
41.1;1;Starc to Behardien, 1 run looks for that yorker straight away, but doesn't find the mark. Behardien pushes to mid-on and sneaks a single;
40.6;?;Cummins to Parnell, no run back of a length and sliding across the batsman, Parnell is happy to leave it;
40.6;1w;Cummins to Parnell, 1 wide goes over the top with a bouncer and the ump calls it a wide;
40.5;W;Cummins to de Kock, OUT howzzat, they ask and de Kock walks as he nicks and upper cut to the keeper. The umpire wasn't willing to give him out, but eventually has to. It was the glove, reveals snicko as the short ball was slid across him. South Africa lose a vital wicket. End of one of those innings de Kock might look back and say, "this was a turning point";Quinton de Kock c ?Wade b Cummins 107 (168m 123b 14x4 0x6) SR: 86.99;
40.4;1;Cummins to Behardien, 1 run banged in short and on off stump, Behardien swivels and pulls to deep square leg. Was a little late on the shot that time.;
40.3;?;Cummins to Behardien, no run looks decent off the back foot too as he punches a shortish ball to point. Important innings for Behardien, this;
40.2;4;Cummins to Behardien, FOUR runs full and outside off, Behardien has drilled it through the covers. Beautiful timing, that's the kind of shot that sets up a batsman's innings. Helpful half-volley outside off, easily put away;
40.1;1;Cummins to de Kock, 1 run goes short first up and de Kock pulls to deep midwicket;
39.6;1;Smith to de Kock, 1 run tossed up and taken on the full toss on middle as de kock pushes down the ground;
39.5;4;Smith to de Kock, FOUR runs pushed through quicker and flatter outside off, but de Kock likes it. The extra pace, the shorter length makes him jump back deep in his crease and cut away behind point;
39.4;?;Smith to de Kock, no run tossed up a shade outside off as de Kock defends with an open face.;
39.3;1;Smith to Behardien, 1 run drags it short and Behardien is foiled by his own intent. Sought to hit the ball much too hard and mistimes it though midwicket. "Oh my Goodness," yells Wade;
39.2;1;Smith to de Kock, 1 run tossed up outside off, de Kock drives to long-off as well;
39.1;1;Smith to Behardien, 1 run teasing outside off, but Behardien is happy to push it along the ground to mid-off. That's the kind of ball that you itch to lift over the off side;
38.6;1;Maxwell to Behardien, 1 run flighted on off stump, drilled down to long-on;
38.5;1;Maxwell to de Kock, 1 run and there's his sixth ODI ton! Pulls off his helmet and acknowledges his team-mates in the dressing room and then to the crowd. Good length ball tucked away in front of square leg to bring up his first hundred in Australian shores, and the first by a South African at the SCG in 50-over cricket;
38.4;1;Maxwell to Behardien, 1 run flighted outside off and he drives to mid-off's left;
38.3;1;Maxwell to de Kock, 1 run flighted outside off, de Kock opens the face and drives through the covers to move on to 99;
38.2;1;Maxwell to Behardien, 1 run tossed up on off stump, Behardien pushes to mid-off and runs! Another risky single, but it's well taken as the throw at the non-strikers' end goes awry;
38.1;?;Maxwell to Behardien, no run tossed up on off stump, pushed back at the bowler. Wade yells, "hit him on the pad!";
37.6;?;Smith to de Kock, no run flighted on the pads and worked away to square leg;
37.5;?;Smith to de Kock, no run rocks back to a shortish delivery outside off and cracks it to cover. Can't hit the gap;
37.4;W;Smith to Miller, OUT down the throat of deep fine leg! He's out off a full toss, would you believe it? Goes into a sweep way too early, gets a top edge that is easily pouched by Cummins. South Africa are slipping now, that powerplay has thrown their innings out of balance;David Miller c Cummins b Smith 5 (22m 12b 0x4 0x6) SR: 41.66;
37.3;?;Smith to Miller, no run good length ball, a little quicker on off stump. Tapped into the off side;
37.2;?;Smith to Miller, no run looped up outside off and Miller shovel-drives it to cover;
37.1;2lb;Smith to Miller, 2 leg byes a little bit of turn off a good length, Miller misses a flick but manages a little deflection off the thigh pad towards fine leg;
36.6;1;Hazlewood to Miller, 1 run neatly struck as he drives a fuller delivery into short cover! Why are they going for a single there?! Steve Smith is the man who runs across to his right and has a shy, but misses! de Kock, on 98, had given up!;
36.5;?;Hazlewood to Miller, no run a little shape back in at Miller and it happens late enough to stifle the batsman's flick. Gets an inside edge onto his pad;
36.4;1;Hazlewood to de Kock, 1 run back of a length on off stump and he taps it in front of point for a quick single. Lovely work;
36.3;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run good ploy! With the batsman nearing a milestone, an anxious one at that Hazlewood sneaks in a bouncer just outside off. De Kock thought about an upper cut, but doesn't quite go through with it;
36.2;1;Hazlewood to Miller, 1 run shortish on middle, Miller is cramped but tucks it away to the left of mid-on;
36.1;?;Hazlewood to Miller, no run good length ball on off stump, defended to short cover;
35.6;1;Faulkner to Miller, 1 run fuller delivery on off stump, Miller works it to the right of short midwicket, who can only parry it to mid-on;
35.5;1;Faulkner to de Kock, 1 run fullish on off stump, de Kock pushes down to long-off;
35.4;?;Faulkner to de Kock, no run good length ball on off stump, he had set up for a swipe into the leg side but checks himself just in time and defends;
35.3;4;Faulkner to de Kock, FOUR runs back of the hand slower ball as de Kock backs away and cuts behind point.... well enough to beat Finch on the boundary! Well played!;
35.2;2;Faulkner to de Kock, 2 runs lovely drive through the covers, although the bowler did pitch it a little too full and offered enough room for de Kock to lean into it;
35.1;1;Faulkner to Miller, 1 run pins him to his crease, but Miller prefers it that way as he runs a shortish ball down towards third man;
34.6;4;Hazlewood to de Kock, FOUR runs finally, and he's timed it as well as could be. Perhaps a little shorter than the bowler would have liked and it sat up for de Kock who was running away outside off again and short-arm pulls it to the fine leg boundary. Into the nineties, then;
34.5;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run wanders well across off stump to help a length ball away to the fine leg boundary, but only ends up inside edging it onto his knee;
34.4;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run he's been equally good and bad on the pull today. This was a shortish ball slanted across him but de Kock looks to drag it into the leg side and fails.;
34.3;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run gets across in front of all three stumps and tries to flick a back of a length delivery away behind square leg. Gets hit rather high on the pads which means there's no hope for the leg before shout;
34.2;1;Hazlewood to Miller, 1 run clipped away off his thighs to deep square leg;
34.1;1;Hazlewood to de Kock, 1 run catch is the cry, but the top edge does not carry to deep midwicket! Goes into the pull with his balance all wrong. It was climbing on him, cramping him for room and he was on the front foot as well. Not the best place to pull a ball that was coming at his chest;
33.6;1;Starc to de Kock, 1 run slapped away to the sweeper as he gets forward to a shortish ball with enough width;
33.5;?;Starc to de Kock, no run sends down a bouncer only a shade outside off, de Kock is happy to stay inside the line and sway away;
33.4;?;Starc to de Kock, no run back of a length and outside off, de Kock gets a bottom edge as he looks for a chop through point;
33.4;1w;Starc to de Kock, 1 wide back-to-back then, and Starc checks on the bowling crease. This was shortish and angled down, de Kock's flick doesn't connect again;
33.4;1w;Starc to de Kock, 1 wide but neither are in business as Starc slides a length ball down the leg side;
33.3;?;Starc to de Kock, no run back of a length on of stump, de Kock taps to short midwicket;
33.2;?;Starc to de Kock, no run;
33.1;?;Starc to de Kock, no run shortish on middle and off, tucked to short midwicket;
32.6;?;Cummins to Miller, no run fullish outside off on length, pushed to cover;
32.5;W;Cummins to du Plessis, OUT first ball after the break and Faf's gone! It was a slower ball just outside off length, Faf pushed the ball back, but played early and had to check it in the end, the ball went slow and lobbed towards mid off where Bailey had to dive low and in front to his right for a good catch;Faf du Plessis c Bailey b Cummins 2 (2m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
32.4;2;Cummins to du Plessis, 2 runs fullish and a little too straight as well, Faf clips it away to deep square leg rather nicely and the skies have opened up all of a sudden!;
32.3;?;Cummins to du Plessis, no run good length ball outside off, given passage to the keeper;
32.2;1;Cummins to de Kock, 1 run width on offer and de Kock slices it away to deep point;
32.1;W;Cummins to Rossouw, OUT and Rossouw cannot capitalise! It was back of a length and outside off, he was looking to baseball-whack it into the leg side. Gets it off the bottom of the blade to present a simple catch to mid-on. One of the first false strokes he has played today, was it because of the powerplay?;Rilee Rossouw c Bailey b Cummins 51 (82m 71b 5x4 0x6) SR: 71.83;
31.6;1;Starc to Rossouw, 1 run short on middle and leg, pulled down and to the man at deep square leg;
31.5;2;Starc to Rossouw, 2 runs driven strongly through the extra cover region as Rossouw brings up his first ODI fifty;
31.4;1;Starc to de Kock, 1 run short and wide. Slashed through point, but there is protection.;
31.3;?;Starc to de Kock, no run there's that slipper yorker from Starc again. Followed de Kock who was making room outside leg stump and sneaked through between bat and pad;
31.2;2;Starc to de Kock, 2 runs nudged away through midwicket as this is fuller on middle and leg;
31.1;?;Starc to de Kock, no run length ball outside off, de Kock looks to smash it through the off side. Cut off at short cover;
30.6;?;Cummins to Rossouw, no run slower short ball on middle and leg, Rossouw swivels on his back foot for a pull and short fine leg had gone a little too far to his right. Sticks out his hands in the other direction and manages to stop it just in time;
30.6;1w;Cummins to Rossouw, 1 wide full and a bit too wide outside off, Rossouw leaves and collects the extra;
30.5;?;Cummins to Rossouw, no run punched to mid-off as this length ball was a shade outside off;
30.4;1;Cummins to de Kock, 1 run full and wide outside off, de Kock has sliced it away to deep cover. Didn't try to overhit and therefore he timed it very well. Hundred stand between these two;
30.3;1;Cummins to Rossouw, 1 run another shortish and slower delivery outside off, pulled to deep square leg;
30.2;1;Cummins to de Kock, 1 run drilled into the covers to pick up a single off a shortish ball angled across him;
30.1;?;Cummins to de Kock, no run that's the slower ball, shortish and outside off. Slapped away to point with the field up;
29.6;?;Smith to Rossouw, no run pushed back down the ground to mid-on;
29.5;1;Smith to de Kock, 1 run;
29.4;1;Smith to Rossouw, 1 run flighted outside off and it's been driven to long-off;
29.3;?;Smith to Rossouw, no run they go up, and so does the umpire's finger. But Rossouw reviews. This was tossed up. This was tossed up on middle and leg and the batsman went down for a reverse sweep and seems to have hit it off the arm and then caught by the keeper running forward. Would have missed leg stump on the lbw as well;
29.2;?;Smith to Rossouw, no run good length ball, defended;
29.1;?;Smith to Rossouw, no run looks to upset the bowler as he threatens him with a sweep, ends up being a double bluff that Smith doesn't fall for. Good length ball pushed to the off side;
28.6;1;Cummins to Rossouw, 1 run gets in line with a back of a length delivery and pushes it to long-off;
28.5;4;Cummins to Rossouw, FOUR runs banged in quick and short, but Rossouw is happy to rock back and hammer it to the square leg boundary. Vicious pull;
28.4;1;Cummins to de Kock, 1 run that's a slower bouncer and it's perfectly directed. Rolls his fingers down on it and gets it to bounce quite awkwardly. De Kock is caught in the crease as he tries to get up tall enough to ride it away towards third man;
28.3;1;Cummins to Rossouw, 1 run shortish on off stump, he shuffles across and works the ball away to deep square leg;
28.2;?;Cummins to Rossouw, no run shortish on off stump, blocked into the off side;
28.1;?;Cummins to Rossouw, no run back of a length on off stump, he opens the face to try and pick the gap past short cover but finds the man;
27.6;1;Smith to Rossouw, 1 run "catch," someone yells as Rossouw belts a full toss to deep midwicket. The call wasn't too far off the mark, actually. Falls short of the fielder;
27.5;?;Smith to Rossouw, no run oopsy! Gets a knock on his grille as he looks for a lap sweep off a fuller delivery on middle. Ball comes right off the face and thuds into the helmet;
27.4;1;Smith to de Kock, 1 run tossed up on middle, de Kock ventures down the pitch and pushes to long-on;
27.3;?;Smith to de Kock, no run shortish and outside off, punched to short cover off the back foot;
27.2;1;Smith to Rossouw, 1 run tossed up on middle, Rossouw gets forward and nudges into the midwicket region;
27.1;1;Smith to de Kock, 1 run gets across to a length ball on middle and works it away to the right of short fine leg;
26.6;1;Hazlewood to de Kock, 1 run runs down the track and looks to take advantage of the room offered on a length ball outside off. Only he had made a little too much room for himself in that endeavour and has to stretch out to reach it. Gets a thick outside edge that falls a few yards short of deep third man;
26.5;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run that's the change of pace as de Kock pushes to short cover;
26.4;1;Hazlewood to Rossouw, 1 run slapped away to deep cover as this is a back of a length ball angled across him. Wonder if there's merit to picking up the powerplay now...;
26.3;1;Hazlewood to de Kock, 1 run goes short and outside off, de Kock pulls to deep midwicket for another single;
26.2;1;Hazlewood to Rossouw, 1 run full and on the pads, Rossouw clips it away to deep midwicket;
26.1;1;Hazlewood to de Kock, 1 run runs a shortish ball down to third man, another example of him waiting on the ball and playing as late as he could;
25.6;?;Smith to Rossouw, no run flighted on middle, defended. End of a pretty good first over, considering Smith is a part-timer;
25.5;?;Smith to Rossouw, no run goes back to a length ball but is cramped for room. Nudged to midwicket;
25.4;1;Smith to de Kock, 1 run loads of flight on this and it ends up a full toss on off stump, de Kock bunts it down to long-on;
25.3;1;Smith to Rossouw, 1 run goes back to a length ball and punches it down to long-off;
25.2;1;Smith to de Kock, 1 run worked away with the turn through square leg;
25.1;?;Smith to de Kock, no run tossed up on middle with some drift away as well. Surprises de Kock with it as he blocks with a straighter face than he had intended when he saw the ball looped up his eyeline;
24.6;1;Hazlewood to de Kock, 1 run tucked away off his hips to deep square leg;
24.5;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run should have tried to same shot here, but he prefers to get across and pull and again the shortish ball ducks under the pull;
24.4;4;Hazlewood to de Kock, FOUR runs rides the angle across him and de Kock finds a smart boundary to third man. Hazlewood isn't pleased, and seems to want that fielder finer. Lovely touch from the batsman though, can't take anything off the stroke;
24.3;1;Hazlewood to Rossouw, 1 run goes short and Rossouw has to get up on his toes to pull this from outside off to deep square leg. Slips as he sets off for a run;
24.2;?;Hazlewood to Rossouw, no run shortish on middle, Rossouw gets some wrists into play but finds midwicket;
24.1;1;Hazlewood to de Kock, 1 run runs down the track, but the bowler bowls short to try and one-up de Kock. Slapped away to deep point;
23.6;1;Faulkner to de Kock, 1 run another slower ball that drifts in on middle, and hits the blockhole as well. Pushed to long-off;
23.5;1;Faulkner to Rossouw, 1 run that's a slower ball, possibly off the back of the hand. Rossouw has spotted it and nudged it down to mid-on and has snagged a quick single;
23.4;?;Faulkner to Rossouw, no run good length ball on middle and off, Rossouw stays back and looks to run it down to third man. Doesn't quite succeed;
23.3;4;Faulkner to Rossouw, FOUR runs banged in short again and Rossouw has rocked back and pulls to the square leg boundary. Not enough pace behind it for the length it was bowled at;
23.2;1;Faulkner to de Kock, 1 run good length ball on middle and leg, worked away through square leg and looks for a couple. Only problem is David Warner was prowling in that area and it is never wise to take on his arm;
23.1;4;Faulkner to de Kock, FOUR runs heeeeeave ho! This has been crashed to cow corner as de Kock lines up a shortish delivery and launches it. Front-foot swipe perfectly nailed;
22.6;2;Maxwell to Rossouw, 2 runs;
22.5;1;Maxwell to de Kock, 1 run tossed up outside off, Rossouw opens the face and picks the gap in the covers to pick up a couple;
22.4;1;Maxwell to Rossouw, 1 run flighted on leg stump, de Kock works it through the vacant square leg region as Steven Smith seems to be warming up;
22.3;?;Maxwell to Rossouw, no run tossed up outside off, driven through to long-off;
22.2;1;Maxwell to de Kock, 1 run nudged away off his back foot through square leg;
22.1;?;Maxwell to de Kock, no run tossed up on middle and off stump, defended;
21.6;?;Faulkner to Rossouw, no run well done, stumps at the bowler's end! This was a length ball that Rossouw had crunched off the back foot. Faulkner attempted to get a hand in between but the ball had gone past him before he could think about it.;
21.5;1;Faulkner to de Kock, 1 run;
21.4;1;Faulkner to Rossouw, 1 run eases a fuller ball outside off through point. His strokeplay is becoming more fluent now;
21.3;?;Faulkner to Rossouw, no run banged in quite short and outside off stump, not bothered with;
21.2;1;Faulkner to de Kock, 1 run back of a length and a shade outside off, de Kock lets it come on and rides it into the covers for a single;
21.1;1;Faulkner to Rossouw, 1 run shuffles back and across to work a good length ball from off stump to deep square leg;
20.6;?;Maxwell to de Kock, no run gets down the track and pushes a good length ball into the covers;
20.5;1;Maxwell to Rossouw, 1 run nudged away to the right of short fine leg. This was always going to be an important partnership for South Africa and it seems to be flourishing;
20.4;1;Maxwell to de Kock, 1 run gets down the track, but Maxi has adjusted his flight and bowls flatter. Worked away through midwicket;
20.3;?;Maxwell to de Kock, no run tossed up on off stump, defended;
20.2;?;Maxwell to de Kock, no run strays on the pads, but de Kock is not able to tickle the ball past short fine leg;
20.1;1;Maxwell to Rossouw, 1 run flighted on off stump as Rossouw gets forward and nudges it away through midwicket;
19.6;1;Faulkner to Rossouw, 1 run punched down to long-off for an easy single;
19.5;?;Faulkner to Rossouw, no run this good length ball seems to stop on the pitch as Roussouw has to check his push into the covers. had set up for the shot a little too early;
19.4;?;Faulkner to Rossouw, no run just a bit short of a good length on off stump, Rossouw pushes it back at the bowler;
19.3;?;Faulkner to Rossouw, no run shortish and outside off, tapped to short cover;
19.2;?;Faulkner to Rossouw, no run back of a length and outside off, looks to tuck it away through midwicket with a closed face, but gets an inside edge onto pad;
19.1;?;Faulkner to Rossouw, no run fuller ball on off stump, drilled back at the bowler. Lovely straight blade coming down through the line the ball there;
18.6;?;Maxwell to de Kock, no run this time he flights the ball, and reduces his pace on middle. De Kock blocks;
18.5;1;Maxwell to Rossouw, 1 run goes back and tucks a quicker, flatter delivery through midwicket;
18.4;1;Maxwell to de Kock, 1 run tossed up on middle and leg, de Kock stays inside the line and pushes to long-off;
18.3;1;Maxwell to Rossouw, 1 run goes back and flicks a length ball that was sliding down towards mid-on;
18.2;?;Maxwell to Rossouw, no run flighted on off stump, watchfully defended;
18.1;1;Maxwell to de Kock, 1 run tossed up outside off, driven down to long-off;
17.6;?;Starc to Rossouw, no run predictable response from a big fast bowler and Rossouw was on his haunches almost as the ball pitched short on and around off stump. Seems to be drinks...;
17.5;4;Starc to Rossouw, FOUR runs fuller delivery, tailing in just a touch. But Rossouw has stayed still enough at the crease and drills it through extra cover. Strong bottom hand and the merits of playing late as he shovels an almost yorker through to the boundary;
17.4;?;Starc to Rossouw, no run gets across on off stump and then leaves a shortish delviery outside off;
17.3;?;Starc to Rossouw, no run length ball a shade outside off, defended stoutly;
17.2;4;Starc to Rossouw, FOUR runs full and wide, Rossouw moves across and laces it in front of point. Lovely timing and he found the gap perfectly as well;
17.1;?;Starc to Rossouw, no run good length ball on off stump, Rossouw pushes to short cover;
16.6;?;Maxwell to de Kock, no run sliding on with the arm as de Kock goes back to work it away. Doesn't succeed;
16.5;?;Maxwell to de Kock, no run stays back to a length ball and hopes it cut it behind point, but Pat Cummins rushes to his right and dives to stop any runs;
16.4;1;Maxwell to Rossouw, 1 run slower through the air and he gets a little drift away from the bat. Rossouw covers it and pushes through to the sweeper;
16.3;?;Maxwell to Rossouw, no run tossed up on off stump, pushed back at the bowler;
16.2;1;Maxwell to de Kock, 1 run fifty for de Kock, his first against Australia. And he usually converts from this point. Taps a shortish delivery outside off between point and cover;
16.1;?;Maxwell to de Kock, no run flighted just outside off, De Kock slices it away to short cover. Wade chimes in with, "oh, that's so close to a nick!";
15.6;1;Cummins to de Kock, 1 run chops a back of a length delivery behind square on the off side. Point scampers in, but Rossouw has judged a very good single and makes it with a slide;
15.5;?;Cummins to de Kock, no run back of a length on off stump, de Kock is looking to work it through midwicket. Gets an inside edge onto pad;
15.4;?;Cummins to de Kock, no run banged in short on middle and leg, de Kock goes for a pull but Cummins manages to get enough height behind this one on middle and off;
15.3;1;Cummins to Rossouw, 1 run shortish on leg stump, worked away behind square with a roll of the wrists;
15.3;1w;Cummins to Rossouw, 1 wide goes short and it's got a little too much height on it, conveys the square leg umpire to the one at the bowler's end;
15.2;1;Cummins to de Kock, 1 run banged in short on middle and leg, pulled away to deep fine leg;
15.1;4;Cummins to de Kock, FOUR runs shot! That's the best that has been played all day as de Kock finally moves properly forward and drills a length ball through the gap at extra cover.;
14.6;1;Maxwell to de Kock, 1 run flighted outside off, pushed down to long-off for an easy single;
14.5;1;Maxwell to Rossouw, 1 run;
14.4;4;Maxwell to Rossouw, FOUR runs chance, but it lobs over mid-on! It was Hazlewood there who can't get the jumping jacks working properly. Rossouw getes a first boundary as he swipes at a flighted delivery well outside off;
14.3;?;Maxwell to Rossouw, no run flighted on off stump, pushes forward to block;
14.2;?;Maxwell to Rossouw, no run good length ball on off stump, defended;
14.1;?;Maxwell to Rossouw, no run tossed up just a shade outside off, Rossouw is happy to leave it alone. Brave decision with Maxi not turning the ball so much as sliding it on;
13.6;1;Cummins to Rossouw, 1 run worked away off his hips to deep square leg;
13.5;?;Cummins to Rossouw, no run shortish on middle and leg stump, defended;
13.4;2;Cummins to Rossouw, 2 runs too short and too straight, Rossouw jumps across and pulls down and to deep fine leg;
13.3;?;Cummins to Rossouw, no run shortish on leg stump, tucked to midwicket;
13.2;?;Cummins to Rossouw, no run good length ball on middle, Rossouw keeps it out carefully and asks the sightscreen to be moved to the right a little more from where he stands;
13.1;1;Cummins to de Kock, 1 run shortish on middle and off, de Kock works it away through midwicket;
12.6;?;Maxwell to Rossouw, no run sliding on with the arm again and Rossouw plays for turn as he lunges forward to block outside the line. Gets hit on the front pad on the move, but it would have slid down leg. And an inside edge to boot;
12.5;1;Maxwell to de Kock, 1 run loads of flight outside off, De Kock slices it through the covers for a couple;
12.4;1;Maxwell to Rossouw, 1 run strays a little on leg stump, nudged behind square leg;
12.3;?;Maxwell to Rossouw, no run goes full and a shade outside off again, punched away to short cover again;
12.2;?;Maxwell to Rossouw, no run drilled to short cover as this is a tossed up delivery just outside off;
12.1;?;Maxwell to Rossouw, no run looped in on middle, Rossouw keeps it out;
11.6;2;Watson to de Kock, 2 runs short on middle and leg, pulled away to deep square leg;
11.5;4;Watson to de Kock, FOUR runs that's a top shot! Especially when he hasn't quite been timing the ball because he wasn't waiting for the ball properly. This short ball comes in with a bit of room, he delays the cut shot just long enough to pick the gap behind point. Good hands;
11.4;?;Watson to de Kock, no run fuller delivery outside off, de Kock drives to mid-off;
11.3;4;Watson to de Kock, FOUR runs that's a bottom edge as de Kock looks to flay a short ball outside off through point, but settles for a four to third man. Wade does his best to move to his left and then dive, but it was past him;
11.3;1w;Watson to de Kock, 1 wide banged in short, a little too short to elicit a shot from the batsman;
11.2;?;Watson to de Kock, no run fuller delivery on off stump, de Kock punches to mid-off;
11.1;?;Watson to de Kock, no run back of a length ball on off stump, defended;
10.6;W;Maxwell to Amla, OUT gone! Maxi's done it as he lures Amla to nick off! This was a fuller delivery drifting further and further away from him, but is tempted by the gap at midwicket. Closes the face in hopes of picking it, but ends up edging to the keeper. Wade pulls off a pretty good take there;Hashim Amla c ?Wade b Maxwell 18 (45m 28b 3x4 0x6) SR: 64.28;
10.5;?;Maxwell to Amla, no run beaten as he tries to cut a good length ball that goes on with the angle. Too full to do that;
10.4;1;Maxwell to de Kock, 1 run teases him with flight and de Kock drives through the covers, along the ground though;
10.3;?;Maxwell to de Kock, no run good length ball, a little quicker too on off stump. defended;
10.2;1;Maxwell to Amla, 1 run tossed up and drifting away outside off, Amla slices it away to deep cover;
10.1;1;Maxwell to de Kock, 1 run flighted on middle and leg, worked away through square leg;
9.6;1;Faulkner to de Kock, 1 run shortish on middle and off, nudged away towards midwicket;
9.5;?;Faulkner to de Kock, no run goes across on off stump again as he looks to nudge through midwicket, but he has played too early and the closed face offers up a leading edge that falls just short of short cover;
9.4;4;Faulkner to de Kock, FOUR runs that front foot goes right across outside off, the back foot follows and he has picked a length ball, that would have been hit through the covers, away to the fine leg boundary;
9.3;?;Faulkner to de Kock, no run length ball on off stump, but it was slower - 112 kph. Foils de Kock's timing on the slog and it wanders away to mid-on;
9.3;1nb;Faulkner to de Kock, (no ball) comes down again as Faulkner bowls a lot shorter and forces the batsman to chop into the covers. And the bowler has overstepped. Free Hit time;
9.2;?;Faulkner to de Kock, no run fuller and outside off, de Kock's lack of footwork helps this time as he stands and delivers a thump to short cover;
9.1;?;Faulkner to de Kock, no run looks to use his feet, but Faulkner pulls his length back on off stump and slows down his pace. Defended;
8.6;?;Cummins to Amla, no run shortish and a little closer to off stump, punched away to point;
8.5;4;Cummins to Amla, FOUR runs you can pack the point field, but it it is that short and that wide, Amla is going to slap it away to the boundary 10 out of 10 times. Maxi was in close, Smith was deeper and finer. Bisected them;
8.4;?;Cummins to Amla, no run stands up tall to punch a shortish delivery through the covers, but a little bit of seam away beats the outside edge;
8.3;1;Cummins to de Kock, 1 run a little too leg-sidish and de Kock lets it come on, rolls his wrists and picks up a single to deep square leg;
8.2;?;Cummins to de Kock, no run shortish on middle and de Kock taps it short midwicket;
8.1;?;Cummins to de Kock, no run shortish and a shade outside off, de Kock is comfortable at that length and blocks;
7.6;?;Faulkner to Amla, no run back of a length on off stump, pushed down to mid-off;
7.5;?;Faulkner to Amla, no run the slower pace almost works in his favour now. Amla's been peppered with 140kph deliveries all morning, but this one is 131 and on a good length. Looks to flick it away through midwicket again but gets a leading edge and it was uppish too. But there was no one close enough in the covers;
7.4;1;Faulkner to de Kock, 1 run employs a closed face to work a back of a length delivery from outside off towards midwicket;
7.3;1;Faulkner to Amla, 1 run fuller ball on off stump, tapped away to mid-on's right for a single;
7.2;4;Faulkner to Amla, FOUR runs not enough pace to be trying that sort of bowling. It was 126 kph and very short and wide, Amla shifts his weight back and pulls well in front of square;
7.1;?;Faulkner to Amla, no run starts off with a bit of a half-volley that Amla drives to mid-off;
6.6;4;Cummins to de Kock, FOUR runs too full and de Kock has unleashed some top class wristwork to power it away to the midwicket boundary. Looked like watching Amla through a mirror!;
6.5;?;Cummins to de Kock, no run not quite short enough for the pull and the 137 kph delivery angled across whistles away underneath the bat;
6.4;?;Cummins to de Kock, no run shortish and on the pads, de Kock gets inside the line in hopes of tickling that fine. Gets it off the thigh pad in front of square leg;
6.4;1w;Cummins to de Kock, 1 wide full and a little too wide outside off, de Kock is happy to collect the extra;
6.3;?;Cummins to de Kock, no run back of a length on off stump, defended;
6.2;4;Cummins to de Kock, FOUR runs goes short again, but this time he has strayed on middle and leg and de Kock has hammered a pull to the square leg boundary. Simply done, although when a batsman is not quite moving forward, that's the kind of balls he wants;
6.1;?;Cummins to de Kock, no run beats de Kock with a shortish delivery that nips away with the angle across the left-hander.;

Pat Cummins comes on as first-change
Girish Shetty: "@Chris: Good old saying, you replace captain with a captain."
 Innings Start
So that's all we have for you for this game and this series. South Africa walk away with some info for the World Cup. Australia will be content the series trophy. Thanks for your company and your comments. It's time I get up and run away from the keyboard and figure out how what happened in the last few minutes happened... Buh-bye!
"Nice to get home 4-1 and we're all very happy. Bit nervous sitting out there and feeling a little bit sick. But luckily Jimmy came out and won it for us," says Steven Smith the Man of the Series, "Nothing really felt right for me today, had a lot of luck. I was trying to get out almost [every ball] but it worked out. A little bit stiff in my hips and my quads, hopefully I am alright tomorrow. We set out a the start of the series to win every game and winning 4 out of 5 is a pretty good effort. Hopefully we can improve from here. Can't wait to get back out there with the red ball and am looking forward to the series against India"
Dave: "Despite some poor shots making the scoreline look closer than it should have, a win batting second in Sydney is a big win"
ATEEB: "And that Dhoniesque style of winning a match. Dragging it to the last over and winning it with a big hit." Although I'm betting it wasn't intentional
Jared: "Big thanks from Australia to Abbott and his no-ball at the end. Even when we're choking we can rely on SA to counter choke."
10.50 pm Quinton de Kock is Man of the Match and he gets several handshakes from his team-mates and from the opposition. It was a chase that was well controlled for the bulk of it. Aaron Finch provided a flying start, Shane Watson sustained it through the middle, Steven Smith scratched around for a fifty and at that time, Australia were coasting. And then things began turning, South Africa began fighting back in the field and Robin Peterson channeled that spin hoodoo Australia hate.
47.1;4;Peterson to Faulkner, FOUR runs swept away and that's the win! Faulkner has his hands up in the air and swings his bat down in disdain! It was length and outside off, perfect for that cross-batted swipe and he nailed it. Australia become the No.1-ranked ODI team again, but they'd want to forget this last half-hour's play;
46.6;?;Abbott to Starc, no run full on off stump, Starc squeezes it out to cover;
46.5;1;Abbott to Faulkner, 1 run looks for a wide yorker, doesn't quite get it as Faulkner slashes to deep cover;
46.5;2nb;Abbott to Starc, (no ball) 1 run good length ball outside off, and Abbott has overstepped! Starc sneaks a single into the covers. He overstepped when he had Smith bowled as well, and now he will have to bowl a free-hit delivery at James Faulkner;
46.4;?;Abbott to Starc, no run good length ball pushed to mid-off. Another dot ball. That equation is headed towards a run-a-ball in the last over;
46.3;?;Abbott to Starc, no run flash and miss outside off! Simple seam-up delivery angled across him and the pressure means he is rooted in his crease;
46.2;1;Abbott to Faulkner, 1 run good length ball on off stump, pushed to mid-off and they scamper a single. Seven off 10 now;
46.1;?;Abbott to Faulkner, no run fuller delivery outside off, Faulkner pushes to short cover;
45.6;?;Peterson to Starc, no run fullish on off stump, Starc pushes towards mid-on, but Miller runs across from short midwicket to grab it. Double-wicket maiden!;
45.5;W;Peterson to Cummins, OUT two in the over! Robbie P is on fire! Another slider, way too quick for Cummins who is stuck in his crease and pushes tamely. Off stump pegged back. Sydney goes quiet, South Africa roar!;Pat Cummins b Peterson 0 (2m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
45.4;?;Peterson to Cummins, no run quicker and flatter on middle, Cummins pushes to short cover and Miller is behind it gone;
45.3;?;Peterson to Cummins, no run good length ball driven in the region of short cover who dives to his right and pulls it back;
45.2;?;Peterson to Cummins, no run tossed up outside off as Cummins pushes forward to drive through the off side. Slider comes on with the arm and takes the inside edge;
45.1;W;Peterson to Wade, OUT bowled 'im! And we thought only South Africa can choke! What a delivery, he had enticed the batsman to dance down the track, hits the rough and turns right through the gap between bat and pad and hits middle. A dream dismissal for a left-arm spinner;Matthew Wade b Peterson 3 (9m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
44.6;?;Abbott to Faulkner, no run gets an inside edge off a good length ball on off stump as Faulkner is stuck at the crease. Someone tell Australia they only have eight runs to win;
44.5;1;Abbott to Wade, 1 run back of a length and outside off, Wade set off, Faulkner wasn't interested and then has to get the skates on. Miller is at point again and again he misses! Poor fellow, this was his third time he missed a direct hit that could have changed the game;
44.4;?;Abbott to Wade, no run shuffles across and cramps himself for room as he goes for a back-foot slash through cover point. Beaten again;
44.3;2;Abbott to Wade, 2 runs steers a good length ball off the open face past the lone slip, who gets just enough of a hand on it that there is time for a couple;
44.2;?;Abbott to Wade, no run back of a length and slid across the left-hander who is beaten all ends up! A lot more bounce than Wade originally thought, and just a bit of nip away too. Is this game still on?;
44.1;W;Abbott to Bailey, OUT and has picked up a wicket. Gee, someone began counting their chickens too early. This was not quite short enough to pull, but that is what Bailey does. The bat face turns in his hands and the ball goes straight up to be caught by Rossouw again, this time at mid-on;George Bailey c Rossouw b Abbott 4 (17m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 57.14;
43.6;?;Peterson to Wade, no run outside edge! But it falls short of slip. This was tossed up and Wade stepped forward tentatively to defend outside his off stump. Amla does well in the end to stop the ball;
43.5;W;Peterson to Smith, OUT beautiful shot, although some of the sheen comes off it as Rossouw takes a spectacular catch. He had reached the pitch and ensured he was beside the ball and set up in a way that he might well have straight driven it over the covers. But the problem was he had hit it in the air and Rossouw runs in from deep cover and picks up a lovely, low catch while sliding forward;Steven Smith c Rossouw b Peterson 67 (103m 74b 6x4 1x6) SR: 90.54;
43.4;1;Peterson to Bailey, 1 run gets down to sneak a single toward square leg. Not enough flight for Bailey to get under;
43.3;?;Peterson to Bailey, no run this is the slider on middle and leg, pushed down towards mid-on off the back foot;
43.2;1;Peterson to Smith, 1 run pushed down to long-on as he dances down to the pitch of the flighted ball outside off;
43.1;2;Peterson to Smith, 2 runs tossed up on leg stump and Smith is down the track to flick the ball through to deep square leg. Terrific work to snare a couple there and Miller does well backing up behind the bowler;
42.6;1;Morkel to Smith, 1 run fullish on off stump, Smith steers it to third man;
42.5;1;Morkel to Bailey, 1 run short and wide of off stump, Bailey chops it towards point and sets off. There isn't a run there and he realises it too late. Miller gets a lovely bounce too, but misses his target again! Morkel's shoulders slump;
42.4;1;Morkel to Smith, 1 run fuller delivery outside off, pushed from the crease and through the covers;
42.3;4;Morkel to Smith, FOUR runs short ball and slogs it away to the midwicket boundary. Not pretty, not even off the middle of the bat, but very effective.;
42.2;?;Morkel to Smith, no run fullish and outside off, defended;
42.2;1w;Morkel to Smith, 1 wide banged in short and slips away too far outside off. Smith looks to cut, but can't reach it;
42.1;1;Morkel to Bailey, 1 run back of a length and outside off, Bailey nudges it in front of point with soft hands and races away;
41.6;?;Parnell to Smith, no run attempts to be a little too cute as he walks across to a fuller delivery outside off and looks to work it away on the leg side. Gets a leading edge towards point instead.;
41.5;?;Parnell to Smith, no run "wait," he says as he nails another steer. But this time it goes to point;
41.4;4;Parnell to Smith, FOUR runs short and wide, Smith has timed this wonderfully well. He hits the ball quite well when he's playing a good cricketing shot, it's only when he starts slogging that he loses his balance. This time he's placed the emphasis on placement and gets it behind point.;
41.3;?;Parnell to Smith, no run shortish and outside off, Smith blocks to point;
41.2;1;Parnell to Bailey, 1 run fuller delivery on off stump, Bailey steers it away to third man;
41.1;?;Parnell to Bailey, no run shortish and outside off, Bailey is happy to leave it through to the keeper;
40.6;W;Morkel to Maxwell, OUT runs down and has hit it right off the toe end! A typical Maxi dismissal as he tries to make too much out of a good ball, just back of a length. Behardien is at mid-off and completes a good catch.;Glenn Maxwell c Behardien b Morkel 7 (16m 10b 0x4 0x6) SR: 70;
40.5;1;Morkel to Smith, 1 run worked away through to the right of mid-on;
40.4;2;Morkel to Smith, 2 runs gets down the track, while making enough room to lift a length ball over extra cover. Didn't quite time it, although he did try to belt the leather off it. Hobbles across for a couple;
40.3;1;Morkel to Maxwell, 1 run length ball outside off, sliced away off the open face to third man;
40.2;2;Morkel to Maxwell, 2 runs whipped away through square leg as this is full on middle and leg;
40.1;2;Morkel to Maxwell, 2 runs fuller delivery on leg stump, Maxi chips it over the vacant midwicket region for a couple before mid-on could catch up with it;
39.6;?;Parnell to Smith, no run good length ball, only a shade outside off. Smith plays outside the line as he looks to steer towards point. Ends up going to cover;
39.5;?;Parnell to Smith, no run back of a length on off stump, defended;
39.4;?;Parnell to Smith, no run eases a good-looking drive to the left of point, but Miller does well;
39.3;1;Parnell to Maxwell, 1 run fuller delivery outside off, crisply hit through the covers;
39.2;1;Parnell to Smith, 1 run picked away off middle and off and picks up a single to deep square leg;
39.1;4;Parnell to Smith, FOUR runs helpful half-volley outside off and Smith smashes it back down to long-off. Shakes his head and lifts his bat almost as he he has hated playing the way he has today with all the chances he's given and the many mistimed swipes, not to mention that hamstring. Still third fifty-plus score on the trot;
38.6;?;Morkel to Maxwell, no run slapped to point as this is short and wide;
38.5;1;Morkel to Smith, 1 run good length ball outside off, Smith taps into the covers and runs. A risky run as Miller gets a good bounce and looks to nail the target at the bowlers' end. Misses as Smith stretches as far forward as he could, testing his hamstring. Might well be another life, had that hit;
38.4;1;Morkel to Maxwell, 1 run width on offer and Maxi lifts it over point, more off the outside edge;
38.3;?;Morkel to Maxwell, no run pushes his hands at a good length ball outside off, beaten;
38.2;1;Morkel to Smith, 1 run brings down a straight face on the shortish delivery outside off and gets it through the man at point. Miller misses out as he gets a bad bounce off the square;
38.1;?;Morkel to Smith, no run good length ball on middle keeps Smith to a tentative block. Think he decided not to play a flick at the last moment;
37.6;?;Abbott to Maxwell, no run back of a length and outside off, Maxi blocks to short cover;
37.5;?;Abbott to Maxwell, no run full on off stump, defended from the crease;
37.4;1;Abbott to Smith, 1 run back of a length and on off stump, defended towards point for a quick single;
37.3;4;Abbott to Smith, FOUR runs another thick outside edge as Smith stays beside the ball and tries to guide it fine. Morkel does the best he can do as he runs around and slides to push the ball back, but his boot had touched the rope as he was flicking the ball back;
37.2;2;Abbott to Smith, 2 runs banged in short and it's been pulled through midwicket;
37.1;4;Abbott to Smith, FOUR runs slices a good length ball to third man. Seemed an outside edge more than anything and Morkel had it under cover as he jogged around to it, and then lets it slip between his fingers. South Africa continue being sloppy and Smith continues benefiting from it;
36.6;W;Morkel to Watson, OUT caught at deep midwicket! It was just back of a length but Watson want forward anyway and hits it off the bottom of the bat. Checks it as he walks off the field. Finally South Africa have a breakthrough;Shane Watson c Rossouw b Morkel 82 (138m 93b 7x4 2x6) SR: 88.17;
36.5;?;Morkel to Watson, no run back of a length and outside off, Watson pushes an angled face to try and run it down to third man. The ball straightens and beats him;
36.4;6;Morkel to Watson, SIX runs in the slot again and Watson has lifted it straight over the bowler's head. Only the crowd needs to worry about that, if there were any behind the sightscreen....;
36.3;1;Morkel to Smith, 1 run gets across outside off and tucks it through midwicket;
36.2;?;Morkel to Smith, no run back of a length on middle, Smith swings away towards midwicket and misses. de Kock thinks there might have been an edge, but not quite. Was a noise though... and Hot Spot reveals a thick edge! Second life for Smith;
36.1;6;Morkel to Smith, SIX runs length and Smith has nailed it! Stays deep in his crease, winds up with a giant backlift and lets it flow through the line of the ball. Slog works this time;
35.6;?;Abbott to Watson, no run banged in short and Watson is happy to duck under it;
35.5;2;Abbott to Watson, 2 runs full on the legs, Watson helps it away to deep square leg and another two to deep square leg;
35.4;2;Abbott to Watson, 2 runs full and tailing in, Watson whips it away past short midwicket and there's a readymade two down there;
35.3;?;Abbott to Watson, no run nails a yorker just a shade outside off and Watson just about digs it out;
35.2;4;Abbott to Watson, FOUR runs that's the long boundary, but he has struck is powerfully enough to get a one-bounce four to midwicket. Read the bowler would go short after a fuller delivery the last ball;
35.1;4;Abbott to Watson, FOUR runs fuller delivery a shade outside off and Watson brings down a straight face and beats mid-off comfortably. That's his shot and he nails it more often than not;
34.6;?;Parnell to Smith, no run length and outside off, Smith plays an awful slog and gets an inside edge to square leg. Why does he resort to those shots when he'd just played a blinder the last ball?;
34.5;4;Parnell to Smith, FOUR runs oh, hello! He's found the gap at fine leg to a ball that was full and quite a bit outside off. Loads of wristwork, and a bit of class as well;
34.4;?;Parnell to Smith, no run full on off stump, Smith digs it out to mid-off;
34.3;1;Parnell to Watson, 1 run full and on the pads, Watson has clipped it away to deep midwicket. Powerfully hit;
34.2;1;Parnell to Smith, 1 run full on middle and with Smith shuffling across like that, it's a pretty good ploy for a leg-before decision. This time though there is an inside edge;
34.1;?;Parnell to Smith, no run Smith has not sized up the pace of this pitch at all. Goes for a poor slog off a length ball, and he's gone at it way too early. Toe-ends it into the off side;
33.6;?;Abbott to Watson, no run back of a length on middle, turns it to midwicket;
33.5;?;Abbott to Watson, no run goes short, and it's quick enough to foil Watson's hook. Well done, Abbott;
33.4;?;Abbott to Watson, no run shortish and outside off, Watson cuts it to point;
33.3;1;Abbott to Smith, 1 run length ball on off stump, Smith heaves it away to deep midwicket. Nowhere near well-timed though;
33.2;?;Abbott to Smith, no run fuller delivery on off stump, defended;
33.1;?;Abbott to Smith, no run nails the wide yorker and Smith has sliced it behind point. Abbott kicks the turf at the bowler crease;
33.1;1nb;Abbott to Smith, (no ball) dragged on! The Powerplay does the trick! It was shortish, but didn't quite have the room for the cut. The inside edge clangs into the stumps, but the umpires are asking for a front-foot check. And it's a huuuge no-ball. So Smith comes back to take strike against a free hit. Shot at his own leg there;
32.6;?;McLaren to Watson, no run good length ball on middle and off, defended;
32.5;?;McLaren to Watson, no run fullish and outside off, Watson looks to drill it down the ground but a little shape in gets the inside edge;
32.4;3;McLaren to Smith, 3 runs runs down the track and laces a shortish delivery through the gap in the covers. Not much of it was on offer, but he has angled the bat just enough to beat the man close in and the one deeper;
32.3;3;McLaren to Watson, 3 runs;
32.2;1;McLaren to Smith, 1 run shortish and angled in at Smith, tucks it away to deep fine leg;
32.1;?;McLaren to Smith, no run length ball outside off, Smith looks to belt it through the off side but has played outside the line of it a touch. Mistimes it at short cover;
31.6;?;Behardien to Watson, no run another slower ball on off stump, pushed back at the bowler;
31.5;1;Behardien to Smith, 1 run full and wide outside off, Smith is lured into a lazy drive and the ball wanders away in the air to an imaginary mid-off;
31.4;?;Behardien to Smith, no run length ball outside off, Smith slices it towards point where Hash keeps it to nothing by diving to his left;
31.3;1;Behardien to Watson, 1 run fuller delivery brings him forward and punches it down the ground to long-off;
31.2;?;Behardien to Watson, no run tucked away to midwicket, McLaren's the man diving to his left. South Africa haven't given up yet;
31.1;?;Behardien to Watson, no run slower ball on middle, Watson had almost planted his front leg across and looked primed for that leg before. But his bat comes down just in time;
30.6;?;McLaren to Smith, no run good length ball, kept out;
30.5;?;McLaren to Smith, no run reaches out for a shortish ball outside off and is left groping. Shakes his head as he studies the pitch;
30.4;?;McLaren to Smith, no run charges down to the wrong delivery. It was angled and nipping back in to leave him short for room. Goes for a lazy waft and is beaten;
30.3;1;McLaren to Watson, 1 run good length ball brings Watson forward and the push to point is soft enough that they can sneak a quick single. It's Miller, who is unable to get the ball in his hands cleanly;
30.2;?;McLaren to Watson, no run shortish on off stump, pushed to short midwicket;
30.1;?;McLaren to Watson, no run belted down the ground and that would have been four, but McLaren gets his boot in the way and flashes a big smile at Watson;
29.6;1;Behardien to Watson, 1 run got a finger to it! It was Miller diving away to his right at short cover, but the ball evades him. An almost careless drive from Watson, really should have kept it down better;
29.5;2;Behardien to Watson, 2 runs worked away through midwicket as he waited a bit more for this one;
29.4;?;Behardien to Watson, no run good length ball on middle makes Watson close the face early. Gets a leading edge but it doesn't carry to the bowler;
29.3;1;Behardien to Smith, 1 run full on off stump, clipped away smartly through midwicket;
29.2;?;Behardien to Smith, no run looks for the blockhole and just about finds it as Smith pushes it back at the bowler;
29.1;1;Behardien to Watson, 1 run legcutter outside off, pushed past a diving the extra cover;
28.6;?;McLaren to Smith, no run good length ball outside off, blocked, and that might be drinks;
28.5;?;McLaren to Smith, no run full on off stump, pushed to mid-on;
28.4;?;McLaren to Smith, no run back of a length delivery outside off, Smith inches forward to block with soft hands in search for a quick single. Watson isn't quite interested;
28.3;2;McLaren to Smith, 2 runs he has no qualms jumping outside off and flicking a length ball, that might have been pushed to extra cover, away through square leg;
28.2;1;McLaren to Watson, 1 run back of a length and outside off, punched in front of point;
28.2;1w;McLaren to Watson, 1 wide goes short and slides down leg, looks to pull but can't connect;
28.1;4;McLaren to Watson, FOUR runs short and wide, Watson chopped it past the left of a flying Miller at point and his timing is good enough that neither third man or the sweeper had a chance. That's his fifty. Been quite a while since his last one;
27.6;1;Peterson to Watson, 1 run runs down the track, takes the flighted ball on the full and works it to long-on with a roll of his wrists;
27.5;1;Peterson to Smith, 1 run tossed up and a shade outside off, flicked it down to long-on;
27.4;?;Peterson to Smith, no run good length ball sliding on, defended quite late;
27.3;2;Peterson to Smith, 2 runs a couple of steps down the track to whip a flighted delivery through deep midwicket The throw comes in as a direct hit and the ricochet gives away an extra run;
27.2;1;Peterson to Watson, 1 run nips down the track and whips a length ball to the left of short midwicket;
27.1;2;Peterson to Watson, 2 runs runs down the track and wallops the length ball down the ground. Behardien at long-on chases after it and pulls out the big dive to keep it to two;
26.6;?;Parnell to Smith, no run fuller delivery on off stump, defended;
26.5;?;Parnell to Smith, no run shortish and outside off, Smith pushes it into the covers;
26.4;2;Parnell to Smith, 2 runs jumps across to tickle a length ball down to fine leg and Morkel huffs and puffs to it again;
26.3;2;Parnell to Smith, 2 runs banged in short, but Smith rocks back and pulls it down towards the deep backward square leg boundary. Morkel has a lot of work to do again, slides and keeps the ball in play and saves a boundary;
26.2;1;Parnell to Watson, 1 run steered away behind point as this was a back of a length delivery angled across him;
26.1;?;Parnell to Watson, no run shortish on off stump, quite zippy too. Watson has to go back and block and the ball thuds into the splice of his bat;
25.6;?;Morkel to Smith, no run opens the face and tries to run a shortish delivery past point. Doesn't quite succeed as Miller dives to his left;
25.5;?;Morkel to Smith, no run shortish and outside off, punched towards point;
25.4;1;Morkel to Watson, 1 run shortish and outside off, Watson chops it off the inside edge past the keeper's right;
25.3;1;Morkel to Smith, 1 run gets down the track and whips a fuller ball through to deep midwicket;
25.2;?;Morkel to Smith, no run presses forward at a good length ball on off stump and blocks;
25.1;?;Morkel to Smith, no run top delivery! That's a Morkel special as he gets a back of a length delivery to lift alarmingly past the poking outside edge of the batsman. Just a bit of a straightening there;
24.6;?;Parnell to Watson, no run full and on the pads, whipped to short midwicket;
24.5;1;Parnell to Smith, 1 run gets across outside off and pushes away from his body, takes the outside edge down to third man;
24.4;?;Parnell to Smith, no run slanted across the right-hander, might seem like an innocuous delivery that but it's quite dangerous for a right-hander. Beaten;
24.3;?;Parnell to Smith, no run can't quite get the flick going as this is a touch fuller on off stump. Defended though;
24.2;?;Parnell to Smith, no run shortish and outside off, blocked towards point;
24.1;?;Parnell to Smith, no run full and outside off, checks his tap into the covers;
23.6;1;Morkel to Smith, 1 run nudged behind square leg and they pick up a single. No chance of more because Watson and Morkel had bumped into each other;
23.5;?;Morkel to Smith, no run shortish and outside off, punched in front of point;
23.4;1;Morkel to Watson, 1 run shortish on off stump, pushed down to mid-on for a quick single;
23.3;2;Morkel to Watson, 2 runs goes short and outside off, Watson looks for a pull but is a bit late on it. Deflects off his front leg that was up off the ground and towards fine leg;
23.2;1;Morkel to Smith, 1 run gets across on off stump and tucks a shortish delivery to the right of midwicket;
23.1;?;Morkel to Smith, no run shortish on off stump, defended;
22.6;4;Parnell to Watson, FOUR runs full and wide, Watson has nailed it through extra cover. Full swing of the bat, which ends up behind his back on the followthrough. South Africa have offered this very same ball a little too often, and have been hurt equally often;
22.5;?;Parnell to Watson, no run punched down to mid-on as Parnell seeks some inswing off a fuller length;
22.4;?;Parnell to Watson, no run fullish delivery on off stump, defended to short cover;
22.3;?;Parnell to Watson, no run good length ball on off stump, defended towards point;
22.2;1;Parnell to Smith, 1 run gets across outside off and clips a length ball to deep midwicket;
22.1;?;Parnell to Smith, no run good length ball pushed across Smith, who doesn't bother with it;
21.6;?;Peterson to Watson, no run goes back to punch a length delivery to short cover, where Miller is positioned;
21.5;W;Peterson to Finch, OUT tossed up on off stump as Finch lifts it. He's struck this really welll, which is why it carries as far as Faf on the edge of the extra cover boundary. Takes it with a reverse cup, but his momentum was taking him back, so he throws it to team-mate Rossouw who completes the catch. Needed a bit of brilliance like that to dislodge Finch;Aaron Finch c Rossouw b Peterson 76 (85m 67b 11x4 0x6) SR: 113.43;
21.4;?;Peterson to Finch, no run flighted on middle and off, defended;
21.3;1;Peterson to Watson, 1 run goes back and flicks a length ball through to deep midwicket to bring up the hundred partnership;
21.2;?;Peterson to Watson, no run holds up on the pitch as Watson comes forward to block;
21.1;1;Peterson to Finch, 1 run rocks back and pulls a length ball down to long-on;
20.6;1;Parnell to Finch, 1 run shortish and outside off, chopped down to deep point;
20.5;1;Parnell to Watson, 1 run length ball on off stump and he had hit it soft enough for a quick single. Only both batsmen were set on a collision course. Good thing Behardien misfielded, otherwise there was a run out change at the bowlers';
20.4;?;Parnell to Watson, no run fuller delivery on middle, defended;
20.3;6;Parnell to Watson, SIX runs drags the ball short and Watson is all over it. Swivels on his back foot and unleashes the lot of his power. What did that ball ever do to him? Pulled off the front foot, even as he only needed to shift his balance back;
20.2;?;Parnell to Watson, no run back of a length on off stump, blocked to short cover;
20.1;1;Parnell to Finch, 1 run shortish on middle and leg, tucked to the right of midwicket;
19.6;?;Behardien to Watson, no run good length ball on off stump, Watson was looking for mid-off but had played outside the line so finds Behardien instead;
19.5;1;Behardien to Finch, 1 run full on middle, Finch drives to long-on. Can't go wrong on the drive, that's his motto today;
19.4;2;Behardien to Finch, 2 runs overpitched again and Finch has slapped it through the covers. This time Morkel is able to hustle to his right a little bitter. Had a shorter distance to cover as well, I think and is asked to come up the field. Can't have your strike bowler expending too much energy like that;
19.3;1;Behardien to Watson, 1 run fuller and wide outside off, driven to long-off;
19.2;1;Behardien to Finch, 1 run pushed through the covers again as this is a good length ball outside off;
19.1;4;Behardien to Finch, FOUR runs it's a full toss outside off and Finch has laced it through the covers. Morne Morkel is the sweeper and has to rush to his right, dives but is still unable to stop it;
18.6;?;Abbott to Watson, no run back of a length and a shade outside off, Watson pushes to mid-off with short cover diving across as well;
18.5;?;Abbott to Watson, no run fuller delivery on off stump, defended;
18.4;1;Abbott to Finch, 1 run another short ball, but this is the slower one to thwart a pull. Finch pulls a bit too early and gets an inside edge through midwicket;
18.3;2;Abbott to Finch, 2 runs shortish and outside off, Finch lifts it over point;
18.2;1;Abbott to Watson, 1 run another short ball and Watson has hammered a pull to deep midwicket;
18.1;1;Abbott to Finch, 1 run there's protection in the deep, so the short ball on middle yields only a single despite the pull being hit right off the middle;
17.6;?;Behardien to Watson, no run this seems to get a little more bounce than Watson anticipated, and the flick he was going for drops by his feet;
17.5;?;Behardien to Watson, no run goes back to a length ball and clips it to short midwicket;
17.4;1;Behardien to Finch, 1 run stands up tall behind a shortish ball and swats it down to long-on;
17.3;1;Behardien to Watson, 1 run good length ball on off stump, pushed away into the gap to the left of cover;
17.2;?;Behardien to Watson, no run fuller delivery outside off, defended;
17.1;?;Behardien to Watson, no run good length ball on middle and off, tucked away to short midwicket. Leg cutter again;
16.6;?;Abbott to Finch, no run back of a length and outside off, blocked;
16.5;1;Abbott to Watson, 1 run opens the face on this good length ball and runs it down to third man;
16.4;?;Abbott to Watson, no run banged in short to refuse Watson the liberty of that big front foot stride. Good direction too as it was on middle and leg. Watson sways away well;
16.3;1;Abbott to Finch, 1 run free hit has been bunted down to mid-on as Abbott nails a yorker just outside off. Finch was batting on off stump that time, like he was set up deep in his crease off the last free hit;
16.3;1nb;Abbott to Finch, (no ball) another no-ball foils a pretty decent delivery outside off. It was slower and not quite short enough for the pull as the ball sneaks below the bat;
16.2;?;Abbott to Finch, no run width on offer as he stands up tall behind a shortish ball and punches to short cover;
16.1;?;Abbott to Finch, no run back of a length and cramping him for room on middle and leg, Finch jumps in his crease as he looks to flick and doesn't quite connect. That's about the length and line to frustrate him;
15.6;?;Behardien to Watson, no run brings Watson forward with a fullish ball and makes him block;
15.5;?;Behardien to Watson, no run fuller delivery outside off, Watson pushes back at the bowler;
15.4;1;Behardien to Finch, 1 run another slower ball, this one on a length as Finch drives to long-off;
15.3;?;Behardien to Finch, no run shortish and outside off, sliced away to cover point;
15.2;1;Behardien to Watson, 1 run that came off the back of the hand as Watson leans into a drive to long-off;
15.1;?;Behardien to Watson, no run good length ball on off stump, defended solidly off the front foot;
14.6;4;McLaren to Finch, FOUR runs lobs up a full toss outside off, Finch plants his back leg across and swipes it away to the midwicket boundary. Talk about a free hit!;
14.6;1nb;McLaren to Finch, (no ball) good length ball outside off as Finch gets forward to block. And oopsy, the bowler's overstepped. Finch has a smile as he realises it is free hit time;
14.5;4;McLaren to Finch, FOUR runs beautiful! People might think this is a highlights package! South Africa keep bowling full and outside off and Finch keeps belting them through extra cover. Replay after replay after replay;
14.4;?;McLaren to Finch, no run back of a length and outside off, Finch blocks and looks for a single. Sent back by Watson, and rightly;
14.3;?;McLaren to Finch, no run full and a shade outside off, Finch drives to mid-off;
14.2;?;McLaren to Finch, no run there seems to be some late inswing on this full delivery, Finch sets up for a drive and ensures he plays late enough and with a straight bat to help himself;
14.1;1;McLaren to Watson, 1 run good length ball on middle, Watson clips it to deep square leg;
13.6;?;Peterson to Finch, no run backs away and punches a flatter delivery to short cover;
13.5;?;Peterson to Finch, no run pulls his length back and bowls flatter on leg stump, defended;
13.4;4;Peterson to Finch, FOUR runs backs away and lifts him over cover! Peterson's flight only helps out the batsman as he presses forward and launches him away. That's Finch's fifty, and it's come about with a stroke that has served him well all night.;
13.3;4;Peterson to Finch, FOUR runs this is a half-volley on middle, Finch backs away and flays it through the covers. That's been his shot today, he has favoured the off side with a certain obsession;
13.2;?;Peterson to Finch, no run flighted on leg stump as Finch gets forward and block. Ends up smothered the ball off the inside edge onto pad and it evades off stump by a couple of inches;
13.1;1;Peterson to Watson, 1 run a little nip down to the pitch of a flighted ball and whip it to long-on;
12.6;1;McLaren to Watson, 1 run straying down leg again and Watson helps it away to fine leg. McLaren needs to get better consistency with his lines if South Africa want to build pressure today. He'll be key late in the innings;
12.5;?;McLaren to Watson, no run good length ball brings Watson forward as he drives to mid-off;
12.4;?;McLaren to Watson, no run fuller and wide of off stump, Watson looks to flay it through the covers but gets the inside edge;
12.3;1;McLaren to Finch, 1 run that seems to be the slower ball on off stump, Finch shuffles across and clips through midwicket;
12.2;1;McLaren to Watson, 1 run sliding down leg and Watson has flicked it to fine leg off the front foot;
12.1;1;McLaren to Finch, 1 run fuller delivery outside off as Finch nails another drive and Rossouw misfields at cover to present a single;
11.6;1;Peterson to Finch, 1 run flighted on middle and leg, driven to long-off;
11.5;2;Peterson to Finch, 2 runs that was so close to being bowled! It was the slider from Peterson and he might well have liked Finch setting up for the cut shot as he backed away, but the middle of the bat comes down on the ball;
11.4;?;Peterson to Finch, no run tossed up on middle, Finch stays leg side of it and drives at short cover;
11.3;1;Peterson to Watson, 1 run another little trek down the pitch by Watson as he flicks a good length ball to long-on;
11.2;1;Peterson to Finch, 1 run tossed up on leg stump, Finch stays inside the line to try and drive through mid-off again but gets an inside edge down to long-on;
11.1;1;Peterson to Watson, 1 run flighted on middle as Watson shimmies down and drives past Peterson diving to his right;
10.6;?;McLaren to Finch, no run looks for another off drive, but McLaren has pulled his length back and slowed down his pace. Inside edge wanders away toward midwicket;
10.5;?;McLaren to Finch, no run sliding down leg and Finch can't connect with a flick because the ball stays a touch slow. Kisses the pad and down to the keeper;
10.4;4;McLaren to Finch, FOUR runs top shot! He has already hit one of those, in the first over, I think, and gets another opportunity. Fuller delivery outside off and it's been caressed past mid-off's left;
10.3;?;McLaren to Finch, no run squares him up with a fuller delivery on off stump, Finch should have come forward to that but because he stayed back he gets an outside edge to point;
10.2;1;McLaren to Watson, 1 run this time he manages to slap a short ball from outside off to deep point;
10.1;?;McLaren to Watson, no run shortish and outside off and it doens't bounce as much as Watson thought. The slash happens well above the ball and it bounces before reaching the keeper;
9.6;4;Morkel to Finch, FOUR runs dug in short and Finch has lifted his front leg off the pitch and pulled it in front of square. Didn't bother about keeping the ball down, and he doesn't need to if he picked the gap like that;
9.5;?;Morkel to Finch, no run blocks a back of a length delivery outside off with soft hands possibly hoping for a single, not there;
9.4;?;Morkel to Finch, no run shortish and outside off, pushed towards mid-off;
9.3;1;Morkel to Watson, 1 run good length ball on off stump, Watson taps and runs into the leg side before Morkel can cut across;
9.2;?;Morkel to Watson, no run reverts back to his shortish length outside off and keeps Watson quiet.;
9.1;4;Morkel to Watson, FOUR runs overpitched outside off and Watson has pummeled it straight down the ground. Just an extension of defence, and his power takes care of the rest;
8.6;?;McLaren to Finch, no run short and wide outside off, Finch chops it straight at point;
8.5;1;McLaren to Watson, 1 run good length ball that is angled in at middle and off. Watson plants his front foot on off stump and has to play around his pad. Manages an inside edge behind square leg;
8.4;3;McLaren to Finch, 3 runs full and wide outside off, Finch looks to launch it over point and gets it right off the bottom of the bat. Three fielders race after it, but it has carried too far;
8.3;?;McLaren to Finch, no run back of a length and outside off, Finch is caught in his crease as he defends and gets an outside edge towards point;
8.2;1;McLaren to Watson, 1 run clipped away as McLaren strays too straight again. Deep square leg mops up;
8.1;?;McLaren to Watson, no run stays back and punches a shortish delivery outside off to short cover. Good work from Faf again;
8.1;1w;McLaren to Watson, 1 wide starts off with a poor delivery down leg. Watson isn't able to connect with a flick;
7.6;1;Morkel to Watson, 1 run rises on Watson again just outside off, but he was able to ride it away to third man rather well.;
7.5;?;Morkel to Watson, no run shortish on off stump, defended;
7.4;?;Morkel to Watson, no run back of a length and outside off, Watson learns from the previous mistake and shoulders arms;
7.3;?;Morkel to Watson, no run beaut from Morkel as he hits back of a length and lures some extra bounce to beat the prodding bat of Watson;
7.2;?;Morkel to Watson, no run good length ball on off stump, defended as he gets forward to it;
7.1;?;Morkel to Watson, no run back of a length and a shade outside off, Watson watches it go through to the keeper and was a touch surprised by the bounce on it;
6.6;?;Parnell to Finch, no run back of a length on off stump, defended down the pitch.;
6.5;4;Parnell to Finch, FOUR runs short and wide and the ball screams please hit me. Finch obliges and beats a desperately diving David Miller at point;
6.4;2;Parnell to Finch, 2 runs tucks a good length ball through midwicket and picks up a couple before deep square leg can run across;
6.3;?;Parnell to Finch, no run fuller on middle and off, Finch unleashes the full face of the bat and finds mid-on;
6.2;4;Parnell to Finch, FOUR runs short and on middle and leg, not the best line with your fine leg up inside the circle. Finch shuffles across and pulls it past that man and collects a simple boundary;
6.1;?;Parnell to Finch, no run back of a length on off stump, jumps back to block;
5.6;4;Abbott to Watson, FOUR runs fuller delivery on and around off stump, Watson leans forward and taps it down the ground. Seemed to almost check his stroke as he realised he was onto it too early. But again the ball runs away;
5.5;4;Abbott to Watson, FOUR runs got across on off stump and whips a fuller delivery past a diving mid-on. That was the plan from South Africa, to get him out leg before but that time the timing was too good;
5.4;?;Abbott to Watson, no run gets forward to push a good length ball down to mid-on. Abbott's doing well to pull things back here;
5.3;?;Abbott to Watson, no run good length ball outside off, Watson blocks;
5.2;?;Abbott to Watson, no run pushes forward on off stump and defends back at the bowler. Big stride again, but he didn't get it that far across;
5.1;?;Abbott to Watson, no run good length ball that cuts back in at Watson who had plonked his front foot across to block. Huge appeal from Abbott, but it might be a touch too high and moving a bit too much;
4.6;?;Parnell to Finch, no run fuller delivery on middle and leg, pushed down to mid-on;
4.5;W;Parnell to Warner, OUT and one of 'em's gone! What a catch from Peterson at mid-on! It was swirling, he had to run to his left, then has to move back and then dive even further to pluck a smashing catch over his shoulder! It wasn't quite the best length to come forward and go for that lift over the leg side. Hits a little too high on the bat and he lost control of it, judging by how his bottom hand came off it;David Warner c Peterson b Parnell 21 (18m 16b 3x4 1x6) SR: 131.25;
4.4;4;Parnell to Warner, FOUR runs bowls short on middle and leg and Warner has pulled it behind square where there is no protection. It was always these two that were the biggest threat to South Africa;
4.3;2;Parnell to Warner, 2 runs fuller delivery on middle and leg, Warner looks to lift it over the leg-side infield again but he hasn't timed it well. There's a deep square leg, there's mid-on chasing after it as well. But it falls between them;
4.2;1;Parnell to Finch, 1 run gets across on off stump and flicks a shortish ball through midwicket;
4.1;?;Parnell to Finch, no run good start, and he shows off a bit of aggression by feigning to throw after fielding a push down the ground off the back foot. Finch barely flinches;
3.6;?;Abbott to Warner, no run opens the face as he keeps to his back foot and pushes a shortish ball into cover;
3.5;?;Abbott to Warner, no run good length ball on middle, kept out;
3.4;?;Abbott to Warner, no run leans forward and drills a fuller ball outside off through to cover;
3.3;?;Abbott to Warner, no run waits on a shortish ball outside off and chops it to point;
3.2;?;Abbott to Warner, no run back of a length and on off stump, defended into the covers;
3.1;1;Abbott to Finch, 1 run shortish and outside off, Finch slices it to third man;
2.6;6;Morkel to Warner, SIX runs Crowd catch alert! This was just back of a length on leg stump and he has helped it away a la Sanath Jayasuriya over square leg. So clean;
2.5;?;Morkel to Warner, no run fuller ball pushed across the left-hander and he chooses to let it go at the very last moment;
2.4;4;Morkel to Warner, FOUR runs clobbered! It was length and Warner decides it just has to go and smashes it to the boundary at cow corner. Very emphatic;
2.3;?;Morkel to Warner, no run fullish on middle and leg, Warner prefers to stay back and push to mid-on;
2.2;1;Morkel to Finch, 1 run run down to third man as he presents an open face against a shortish ball only a shade outside off;
2.1;?;Morkel to Finch, no run back of a length on off stump, Finch stands up tall and punches into the off side. Faf dives at short cover and takes care of it;
1.6;?;Abbott to Warner, no run back of a length and outside off, pushed into the covers;
1.5;4;Abbott to Warner, FOUR runs the off-side is being peppered! Full and wide to the left-hander now and Warner throws his bat at it and slices it in the gap between point and cover;
1.4;1;Abbott to Finch, 1 run shortish and doesn't quite rise up, Finch bunts it right through short cover for a quick single;
1.4;1w;Abbott to Finch, 1 wide slips a length ball down leg and Finch can't tickle it as he wants to. Doesn't matter though, it's a wide;
1.3;?;Abbott to Finch, no run back of a length on off stump, defended;
1.2;4;Abbott to Finch, FOUR runs sublime! Another poor delivery, and this one had width in addition to being a half-volley. Finch got forward and across caressed it away through covers;
1.1;?;Abbott to Finch, no run back of a length on middle and leg, Finch had wanted to tick it through midwicket but a bit of late shape away takes the leading edge and then lobs up at the body;
0.6;1;Morkel to Finch, 1 run this one straightens off a good length and Finch is able to adjust to it with an open blade and sneak a single into the covers;
0.5;?;Morkel to Finch, no run back of a length and ducks back in at Finch, who leaves quite well because it was just about outside off;
0.4;4;Morkel to Finch, FOUR runs shot! The innings is only four balls old, but it would take a lot to one-up that glorious cover drive. Just a little too full from Morkel and he leans into it, hits the gap to the left of mid-off and just watches it sail away;
0.3;2;Morkel to Finch, 2 runs short and helped up and over the midwicket field. More of a scoop in front of the wicket, that shot.;
0.2;1;Morkel to Warner, 1 run that's his USP, the extra bounce at his pace. Kicks up off back of a length and doesn't allow Warner the time he thought he had for a one-legged pull. Inside edge lobs off the pad towards point;
0.1;?;Morkel to Warner, no run looks to sneak a single towards midwicket, highly optimistic that with the fielder swooping in on the ball. Finch has to hurry back;

Kevin: "Without Steyn, it will definitely be Morne Morkel. He has a great ODI record and is lethal on his day." Fairly safe assumption.
6.40 pm The No. 1 ranking in ODIs hangs in the balance, and Australia would back themselves to pluck it for themselves should David Warner and Aaron Finch exhibit what they can do. South Africa did not miss AB de Villiers too much in the batting, but who will be their attack leader without Dale Steyn?
 Innings Start
South Africa
Australia
5th ODI (D/N), Sydney, Nov 23 2014, South Africa tour of Australia [November 2014]
280/6
275/8
Player of the match is Quinton de Kock, SA
Australia won by 2 wickets (with 5 balls remaining) (D/L method)
