Data
Warner: "We have to go out there and play like you're defending 280, that's how you do these trial games, be critical of yourself," says David Warner, "It's all about the attitude, to go out there and be positive and approach the game like it's a normal one. It's a belter of a wicket, but there is some swing if you pitch it up"
Vipin: "And this is how ladies and gentleman, you play cricket on your playstation."
Led by Warner and Maxwell, Australia have posted a massive score. The two batsmen unleashed some outrageous shots on their way to centuries. The pitch is still good for batting and India will fancy their chances of chasing it down.
48.2;W;Shami to Cummins, OUT Australia have been bowled out for 371. Shami spears in a fast yorker, Cummins misses and the ball hits the base of middle. Shami smile might as well translate to you-miss-and-I-hit;Pat Cummins b Mohammed Shami 5 (8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 62.5;
48.1;W;Shami to Johnson, OUT that's a slower short ball and Johnson goes for the pull, ends up getting a top edge that swirls to Mohit at long leg;Mitchell Johnson c Sharma b Mohammed Shami 19 (12b 4x4 0x6) SR: 158.33;
47.6;1;Yadav to Johnson, 1 run;
47.5;1;Yadav to Cummins, 1 run dropped and Raina is the culprit. Cummins aims for a mighty pull to the legside, but only manages a top edge that balloons in the air. Raina tries to cup his fingers around it, but the ball hits his chest and spills down;
47.4;?;Yadav to Cummins, no run back of a length and climbs over the stumps as Cummins swings and misses;
47.3;?;Yadav to Cummins, no run;
47.2;1;Yadav to Johnson, 1 run Johnson slithers away and makes room, but the bowler follows him with a full ball outside leg. Mistimed behind square leg;
47.1;1;Yadav to Cummins, 1 run Umesh strays on the pads, tucked in front of square on the leg-side;
46.6;?;Shami to Johnson, no run;
46.5;1;Shami to Cummins, 1 run speared in very full on middle and leg, Haddin squirts it to the legisde;
46.4;1;Shami to Johnson, 1 run good length ball on middle, Johnson clubs it away to deep midwicket;
46.3;4;Shami to Johnson, FOUR runs banged in short on the leg stump, Johnson does not get hold of the pull. However, he manages a top edge that flies over Dhoni;
46.2;?;Shami to Johnson, no run on a good length and on middle and leg, Johnson aims for a whippy stroke, but can only block it back to Shami;
46.1;1;Shami to Cummins, 1 run dug in shortish and outside off, Haddin rides the bounce and steers it down to third man to tick over the strike;
41.6;6;Axar Patel to Maxwell, SIX runs bang! Lands into the crowd behind long-on. A bit short, Maxi made his own room to free those hands and trusted his power.;
41.5;1b;Axar Patel to Marsh, 1 bye moves over to off stump to try and open up the leg side, but the fuller ball slides past his reach and becomes byes as Dhoni fails to connect;
41.4;1;Axar Patel to Maxwell, 1 run moves outside leg, but once the fuller, faster ball was speared into his pads, he switches up and slogs it to long-on;
41.3;4;Axar Patel to Maxwell, FOUR runs resorts to his favourite slog sweep again to pick up a similar length ball, on a similar line and dispatches it over square leg. Talk about a range of strokes!;
41.2;4;Axar Patel to Maxwell, FOUR runs creamed over extra cover! A little shimmy outside leg to pummel a length ball over the infield. Such brute force;
41.1;1;Axar Patel to Marsh, 1 run flatter delivery on middle and leg, pushed through to long-on;
40.6;1;Sharma to Marsh, 1 run shortish and outside off, slammed away through the off side;
40.5;1;Sharma to Maxwell, 1 run his attempt to make room was spotted as well, but he is still able to reach the wide full toss and squeeze it to deep point;
40.4;?;Sharma to Maxwell, no run loads up for the reverse swat way too early and Mohit has enough time to change plans and bowl a back of the hand slower ball. Beats the batsman easily;
40.3;?;Sharma to Maxwell, no run full on off stump, sliced to mid-off;
40.2;6;Sharma to Maxwell, SIX runs backs away and slams a short ball over deep point's head. Wonder if he just wanted to test himself against the longer boundary down there;
40.1;1;Sharma to Marsh, 1 run good length ball on off stump, slower in pace too, knocked into the off side for a quick single;
45.6;4;Sharma to Johnson, FOUR runs slower ball, but Johnson allows himself a pause before recoiling into a forceful drive past covers.;
45.6;5nb;Sharma to Johnson, (no ball) FOUR runs driven down the ground. Johnson pushes it assertively past the bowler.;
45.5;4;Sharma to Johnson, FOUR runs juicy full-toss outside off and Johnson obliges with a drive wide off mid-off;
45.4;?;Sharma to Johnson, no run driven to mid-off for none;
45.3;1;Sharma to Cummins, 1 run pitched on length. Defended.;
45.2;W;Sharma to Starc, OUT edged and Dhoni claims the catch. Umpires discussing the legality of it with their TV colleague, Erasmus. Looks clean. Given out now.;Mitchell Starc c ?Dhoni b Sharma 0 (1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
45.1;1b;Sharma to Johnson, 1 bye that one missed the off stump by inches. Batsmen take a bye after Dhoni fumbles. The Indian captain is checking his fingers. Last thing India need is their captain joining the injury list;
44.6;W;Yadav to Maxwell, 6 runs, OUT another short delivery and Maxwell shows no sign of abating. This one is lodged into the stands wide of long-on;Glenn Maxwell retired out 122 (57b 11x4 8x6) SR: 214.03;
44.5;6;Yadav to Maxwell, SIX runs slithers away again and cashes on another short ball. This time slammed over long on;
44.4;6;Yadav to Maxwell, SIX runs moves away from the stumps now and whacks it over point. Slightly short of length from Umesh;
44.3;4;Yadav to Maxwell, FOUR runs shuffles outside off stump and whacks it fine down the leg side;
44.3;1w;Yadav to Maxwell, 1 wide well-disguised slower one, but a touch too wide off off-stump. Tight call;
44.2;4;Yadav to Maxwell, FOUR runs no nervous 90s for Maxwell there. Carves up one over covers to bring up his 100. Kisses the helmet. Quite a whirlwind knock that;
44.1;W;Yadav to Marsh, OUT short and fast, and Marsh can't connect this pull. Holes out to Rahane at deep square leg, who had to run towards his left.;Mitchell Marsh c Rahane b Yadav 21 (26b 1x4 0x6) SR: 80.76;

Yadav replacing Shami,. Abhijeet: "Now dont banter me for the jinx .. but Maxi in his 90's .. :) "
 Innings Start
MS Dhoni: Has been difficult for us, when the batsmen click the bowlers don't and when the bowlers do the batsmen don't. We need to sort that out. What's important is that we have one more game in our hand and before playing Palistan it'd be good to have the first XI in our hand [before the main tournament starts]. Still there are plenty of positives in the game. Quite a few things to watch [before selecting best XI], will depend on our utility cricketers. If the pitches remain as it is, we need out spinners to use the bounce more. It's a very long tournament and what we have seen is the team that does well is the one that comes from the bottom and moves rapidly up. Its not a bad thing, the dressing room atmosphere is great. We just need to win more. [On his wicket] Not really, I just played my shot with so many runs needed and the fielder up, but I never really thought it would go right to Starc"
"No other words to add to that, Great performance for us," says George Bailey, "I think you always can improve. Early wickets tonight would be nice to blow the game out of the water. We'd like to have lost a few less wickets and I'd like to Starc to catch with both hands. We have UAE next at the MCG, handy to get into the conditions there. Huge game against England, India are playing Pakistan as well. Getting momentum, getting confidence will be big."
9.35 pm Australia wanted to play like they were defending 280 and they've done that with a decent margin to spare. Glenn Maxwell's whirlwhind century gives him the Man of the Match. "Lot of fun and really competing in the field was what we wanted to do today," he says, "Everyone wants the tag of being the No.1 fielder. David Warner put his hand up today with that run out and hopefully everyone catches up with him. Nice to be hitting the ball really well coming into a tournament like this. I'm in a good head space. When I was on 96, Finchy came out and said I was retiring after a hundred. So I had a few balls to have fun. We have an unbelievable start so I could give myself a few balls before taking off"
That start he said had a lot to do with Warner's rapid ton as well. It was a beautiful batting pitch, India helped out by being a bit wayward and 371 proved a bit beyond them once the middle order failed to show up. Shikhar Dhawan, Ajinkya Rahane and Ambati Rayudu hit attractive fifties and runs under their belts will help India moving forward. But again, no one went on and they rack up another defeat on this tour to Australia. Thank you for your company tonight, we'll be back tomorrow morning same time for the next set of warm-up matches.
45.1;W;Starc to Ashwin, OUT rides a shortish ball outside off down the throat of deep third man. Cummins ran in, to his left, has to dive as well to pouch it safely to complete an emphatic victory. But hey, it's only a warm-up match, right? right?;Ravichandran Ashwin c Cummins b Starc 1 (7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 14.28;
44.6;?;Hazlewood to Axar Patel, no run full and wide and it beats Axar, who presses forward and aims a drive with an angled bat;
44.5;?;Hazlewood to Axar Patel, no run back of a length outside off, chopped to backward point;
44.4;?;Hazlewood to Axar Patel, no run back of a length on middle stump, and Axar blocks back towards the bowler;
44.3;1;Hazlewood to Ashwin, 1 run short again, and this time it's on an off-stump line and Ashwin pulls it away towards deep square leg;
44.2;?;Hazlewood to Ashwin, no run back of a length outside off, defended towards point off the back foot;
44.2;1w;Hazlewood to Ashwin, 1 wide short, down the leg side. Ashwin can't connect with the pull;
44.1;1;Hazlewood to Axar Patel, 1 run length ball on middle and leg, and he stays in the crease and nudges it into the on side;
43.6;?;Starc to Ashwin, no run another yorker, this is excellent bowling, and Ashwin can't do anything more than block to mid-on;
43.5;1;Starc to Axar Patel, 1 run short outside off, and he steers it away to third man;
43.4;1lb;Starc to Ashwin, 1 leg bye another yorker, swinging down the leg side, perhaps. Pings Ashwin on the foot as he looks to flick, and runs away towards fine leg;
43.3;?;Starc to Ashwin, no run full on off stump, almost in the blockhole, and Ashwin goes back and across to block it back to the bowler;
43.2;1;Starc to Axar Patel, 1 run full outside off and he gets on the front foot to drive to sweeper cover;
43.1;?;Starc to Axar Patel, no run short, rising ball, angling into Axar, who gets on his toes to block into the off side;
42.6;?;Cummins to Ashwin, no run short ball outside off, and it lifts disconcertingly into the keeper's gloves, high above his head, after Ashwin aims a speculative poke at it;
42.6;1w;Cummins to Ashwin, 1 wide banged in short, loses his line somewhat, angles down the leg side;
42.5;W;Cummins to Jadeja, OUT gone! It's full and wide again, and this time he reaches out and slices it straight into backward point's hands, at a comfortable chest height;Ravindra Jadeja c Warner b Cummins 20 (26b 2x4 0x6) SR: 76.92;
42.4;2;Cummins to Jadeja, 2 runs full outside off and Jadeja clears his front leg and slices hard underneath the ball, hits it in the air and it drops down and stops near the deep point boundary;
42.3;1;Cummins to Axar Patel, 1 run a little fuller, a bit of width, and he stands there and slashes uppishly towards deep point;
42.2;?;Cummins to Axar Patel, no run back of a length outside off, defended off the back foot into the covers;
42.1;?;Cummins to Axar Patel, no run back of a length on off stump, and he gets behind it to defend towards point;
41.6;?;Hazlewood to Jadeja, no run length ball on off stump, driven to mid-off;
41.5;1;Hazlewood to Axar Patel, 1 run short outside off and he stands tall to slap it away towards third man;
41.4;?;Hazlewood to Axar Patel, no run length ball angling across towards off stump, blocked back to the bowler;
41.3;?;Hazlewood to Axar Patel, no run fullish outside off and he shows a nice straight bat to defend down the ground;
41.2;W;Hazlewood to Rayudu, OUT And he's gone. Rayudu takes a big back and across step to go deep in his crease and Hazlewood bangs it in short. He's a bit late on the pull and the top edge flies towards fine leg. Haddin runs back and pouches a well-judged catch;Ambati Rayudu c ?Haddin b Hazlewood 53 (42b 4x4 4x6) SR: 126.19;
41.1;?;Hazlewood to Rayudu, no run down the track now, and he clears his front leg and aims a big swipe down the ground, but doesn't quite middle it and it rolls along slowly towards mid-on;
40.6;1;Cummins to Rayudu, 1 run short again, angling into Rayudu, who makes room and opens his bat face to dink it away towards third man;
40.6;5w;Cummins to Rayudu, 5 wide another short ball, this one's wayward, down the leg side and too high for Haddin, and it runs away for five wides;
40.5;?;Cummins to Rayudu, no run what happened there? Rayudu popped up what seemed like a dolly, the short ball getting big on him as he looked to pull, and Smith at short midwicket simply didn't go for it, shielding his eyes instead. I think he lost the ball in the floodlights;
40.4;1;Cummins to Jadeja, 1 run short now, and he drags the pull from outside off, head height, and controls it well to play it downwards towards the deep midwicket boundary;
40.3;4;Cummins to Jadeja, FOUR runs full now, a bit of width outside off, and he frees his arms to flat-bat that powerfully down the ground, between the non-striker and mid-off;
40.2;2;Cummins to Jadeja, 2 runs back of a length outside off, Jadeja stands tall and punches it away to the left of sweeper cover;
40.1;?;Cummins to Jadeja, no run short ball angling away from Jadeja, who misses the pull. It may have been a slower ball too;

Pat Cummins comes on now.
 Innings Start
Australia
India
(D/N), Adelaide, Feb 8 2015, India tour of Australia and New Zealand
371
265
Player of the match is Glenn Maxwell, AUS
Australia won by 106 runs
