Data
Fabulous knocks from the Akmal brothers. Pakistan have reached 191. Can Australia get it? It's a huge score on a slow pitch. Join us in a short while for the chase.
19.6;W;Tait to Umar Akmal, OUT Misbah is run out almost yorker length delivery,mistimed to the bowler.. Misbah had charged across, Umar stays there and puts his head down .. And Mitch does the rest.;Misbah-ul-Haq run out (Tait) 0 (1m 0b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
19.5;2;Tait to Umar Akmal, 2 runs full toss outside off stump, slashed to deep point region where Warner rushes to make the stop.;
19.5;W;Tait to Abdul Razzaq, 1 wide, OUT Razzaq is run out It was a wide outside off and they again tried to steal the bye but this time Haddin relayed the throw to the bowler who hurled down the stumps at the non-striker's end;Abdul Razzaq run out (?Haddin/Tait) 12 (10m 7b 0x4 1x6) SR: 171.42;
19.4;1b;Tait to Umar Akmal, 1 bye The slower one this time ... Umar moves to the off side and tries to paddle scoop it but doesn't connect .. and they repeat what they did last ball - run a bye;
19.3;1b;Tait to Abdul Razzaq, 1 bye full and well outside the off stump, just inside the wide line.. swing and a miss.. Haddin collects and under-arms the throw but by then they are across.;
19.2;1;Tait to Umar Akmal, 1 run lovely yorker on the middle and leg, just about squeezed out to the off side for a single. Two balls for two runs so far.;
19.1;1;Tait to Abdul Razzaq, 1 run full pitched outside off stump, hit hard but straight to sweeper cover;
18.6;1;Hussey to Abdul Razzaq, 1 run drives it down the ground to retain the strike. Last over coming up.;
18.6;1w;Hussey to Abdul Razzaq, 1 wide another wide down the off side. The wheels are coming off;
18.5;2;Hussey to Abdul Razzaq, 2 runs pushed towards extra cover for a single .. hold on... Clarke fires it wide at the non-striker'ss end to give overthrows. Hmm .. Rattled;
18.4;1;Hussey to Umar Akmal, 1 run swung to long-on for a single;
18.4;2w;Hussey to Abdul Razzaq, 2 wide pushes this full and outside off and Haddin can't collect;
18.3;6;Hussey to Abdul Razzaq, SIX runs Delicious hit! Very typical hit from Razzaq. That front leg was cleared, that bat swung down and went through the line and the ball flew over long-on;
18.2;1;Hussey to Umar Akmal, 1 run really full outside off, pushed through mid-off for a single;
18.1;1;Hussey to Abdul Razzaq, 1 run hands the strike to Umar with a push to mid-off;
17.6;6;Johnson to Umar Akmal, SIX runs Kamran is screaming! The Pak fans are dancing. And Umar is indulging himself imperiously in the middle. What an knock. He cleared the front foot and crashed the ball over wide midwicket boundary. 50 up! What a little gem of an knock.;
17.5;1;Johnson to Abdul Razzaq, 1 run fullish, on the off stump line, eased towards mid-off;
17.4;1;Johnson to Umar Akmal, 1 run yorker length, dug out to the off side for a single;
17.3;6;Johnson to Umar Akmal, SIX runs Fabulicious! Mitch just puts his head down and walks back quickly. It was the bouncer and Umar was on the front foot but goes through with the swivel pull shot and the white ball flies over backward square-leg boundary;
17.2;4b;Johnson to Umar Akmal, 4 byes shuffles to the off stump and tries to swing across the line and misses the slow off cutter. So does Brad Haddin. He was called Bad Hands by some early in his career.;
17.1;6;Johnson to Umar Akmal, SIX runs Meaty crunchy blow. What a talent. A spine-tingling excitement. Mitch hurls it on the middle and Umar pulls it away to the midwicket boundary;
16.6;W;Nannes to Khalid Latif, OUT Warner again. Simple catch this time. It was the short delivery around off stump, Latif tried to pull but was in no position for it. The ball lobbed of the edge to mid-off;Khalid Latif c Warner b Nannes 13 (8m 6b 1x4 1x6) SR: 216.66;
16.5;1;Nannes to Umar Akmal, 1 run fullish around the off stump, he reaches out to swat it over the bowler's head!;
16.4;?;Nannes to Umar Akmal, no run full in length and outside off, Umar goes after it but doesn;t make contact;
16.3;2;Nannes to Umar Akmal, 2 runs Gully cricket hit! He moved away and it was the bouncer and he took his eyes off the ball, weaved away from the line of fire and flat-batted it to wide long-on! Like a forehand slap across the court;
16.2;4;Nannes to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs Aaha! The paddle-shot! He leans across to paddle scoop it over short fine-leg boundary! Kamran jumps out from his seat in the dug out! Immense fun!;
16.1;6;Nannes to Umar Akmal, SIX runs Good bye! That's a crunching six. Umar clears the front foot and knives through the line. What a hit. The ball flew over wide long-on boundary;
15.6;4;Clarke to Khalid Latif, FOUR runs Crunch! It was floated full outside off and Latif carves it hard and to the right of long-off where Hussey makes a desperate diving effort to stop but ..;
15.5;6;Clarke to Khalid Latif, SIX runs Wallop! Thunderous hit! It lands on the roof and goes out of the ground! Latif reached forward and whacked it high over midwicket. Fierce slog sweep!;
15.4;1lb;Clarke to Umar Akmal, 1 leg bye tries to turn it to square-leg region, misses and it bounds off the pad;
15.3;1;Clarke to Khalid Latif, 1 run goes for the swing across the line and edges it over to midwicket .. no one there;
15.2;1;Clarke to Umar Akmal, 1 run slows up the pace, floats a dipping full toss, flat-batted to long-off;
15.1;1;Clarke to Khalid Latif, 1 run leans forward to on drive to long-on;
14.6;?;Hussey to Umar Akmal, no run David Hussey is the surprise package here. Another tight over. Full and almost on the yorker length outside off, tries to square drive and is beaten;
14.5;1;Hussey to Khalid Latif, 1 run on the off stump line, tapped to point for a single;
14.4;1;Hussey to Umar Akmal, 1 run reaches forward to drive to long-off for a single;
14.3;2;Hussey to Umar Akmal, 2 runs plays the reverse sweep and gets it to third man regio nfor couple of runs;
14.2;W;Hussey to Afridi, OUT Big moment this. Afridi is gone. IT was a full delivery outside off and Afridi tried to heave it away but ended up slicing it towards point. WAtson came in, Haddin rushed out and both collided but Haddin takes it. He was the man with the gloves and it was his catch.;Shahid Afridi c ?Haddin b Hussey 8 (12m 9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 88.88;
14.1;1;Hussey to Umar Akmal, 1 run driven to long-off where Warner stops;
13.6;2;Tait to Afridi, 2 runs bangs this one short and Afridi pulls it to wide long-on for couple of runs;
13.5;?;Tait to Afridi, no run loverly slower one .. Afridi had backed away and was made to wait and wait. And wait. The ball eventually slips past the bat and past the off stump;
13.4;1;Tait to Umar Akmal, 1 run full toss on the middle, picked away towards deep midwicket. Umar must feel he has missed out there.;
13.3;?;Tait to Umar Akmal, no run slips in a slower one this time and it has been swatted down the track;
13.2;4b;Tait to Umar Akmal, 4 byes Yorker that goes for four byes! It swung in late and went between the legs of Umar and flies to the left of Haddin who dives but can't reach;
13.1;1;Tait to Afridi, 1 run moves outside leg, Tait slips it really full on the middle, Afridi reaches out, takes his bottom-hand of the bat and slices the ball to third man;
12.6;1;Nannes to Afridi, 1 run on the middle and leg line, shoveled to midwicket for a single;
12.5;1;Nannes to Umar Akmal, 1 run some width on offer outside off stump, Umar throws his bat at it and slices it to third man;
12.4;2;Nannes to Umar Akmal, 2 runs full, very full on the middle and leg, Umar leans across to take it on the full and plays a paddle scoop over short fine-leg for couple of runs;
12.3;1;Nannes to Afridi, 1 run length delivery on the off and middle, Afridi taps it quietly to cover point for a single .. it was a slower one and he adjusted well;
12.2;1;Nannes to Umar Akmal, 1 run full pitched on the middle stump line, worked through midwicket;
12.1;1;Nannes to Afridi, 1 run on the legs, flicked away to deep square-leg region for a single;
12.1;1w;Nannes to Afridi, 1 wide starts his spell with a wide down the leg side. Afridi walks towards square-leg. Nannes grimaces.;
11.6;1;Smith to Afridi, 1 run plays the sweep shot to retain the strike;
11.5;1;Smith to Umar Akmal, 1 run full and outside off stump, almost flat bats it sweeper cover. Much like how Kamran would have played;
11.4;1;Smith to Afridi, 1 run turning away from Afridi who chops it to backward point;
11.3;1;Smith to Umar Akmal, 1 run plays the sweep more delicately, more softly this time to get a single;
11.2;4;Smith to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs Smashed! What a thumping slog sweep. He cleared the front foot and crashed it to the cow corner;
11.1;W;Smith to Salman Butt, OUT Warner again. The openers are gone now. Salman went down on his knee to swing it over square-leg but found the man in the deep. Warner moved to his left to take a running catch. Australia trying their best to get back;Salman Butt c Warner b Smith 32 (48m 30b 4x4 0x6) SR: 106.66;
10.6;1;Hussey to Salman Butt, 1 run full , almost on the blockhole, dug out to short third man;
10.5;?;Hussey to Salman Butt, no run again drives inside-out but straight to cover;
10.4;1;Hussey to Umar Akmal, 1 run moves down the track and drives to long-off;
10.3;?;Hussey to Umar Akmal, no run gets forward to push this one to cover;
10.2;1;Hussey to Salman Butt, 1 run from round the stumps, on the middle stump line, driven to sweeper cover;
10.1;1;Hussey to Umar Akmal, 1 run leans forward to flick this one past square-leg;
9.6;1;Johnson to Umar Akmal, 1 run full in length, on the middle, on driven to long-on;
9.5;1;Johnson to Salman Butt, 1 run around the off stump, Salman uses the bottom-hand to almost cut it from the off stump to third man;
9.5;1w;Johnson to Salman Butt, 1 wide pushes this one down the leg side;
9.4;W;Johnson to Kamran, OUT What a catch from Warner! Stunning! Kamran falls after an awesome knock. He drove this one uppishly towards deep cover where Warner rushed forward and threw himself forward to take the catch;Kamran Akmal c Warner b Johnson 50 (41m 34b 6x4 2x6) SR: 147.05;
9.3;?;Johnson to Kamran, no run slower off cutter, Kamran tries to swing it over midwicket but doesn't make contact ..;
9.2;1;Johnson to Salman Butt, 1 run around the off stump line, pushed out to cover point;
9.1;?;Johnson to Salman Butt, no run full delivery ,driven down the pitch and the bowler gets an hand to it and stops;
8.6;4;Watson to Kamran, FOUR runs Cracking cut! 50 for Kamran in 32 balls. What an innings this. Semi-final of the World CUp and he is turning it on. Short and outside off stump, Kamran stays beside the line and slaps it to the point boundary.;
8.5;4;Watson to Kamran, FOUR runs What a fab piece of timing! Pakistan are playing awesomely here. It was a full toss and Kamran just concentrated on getting the timing right. He carves it clear of the sweeper cover.;
8.4;1;Watson to Salman Butt, 1 run slower one on the middle, Salman swats this one to midwicket;
8.3;1;Watson to Kamran, 1 run crouches to square drive this one past point;
8.2;2;Watson to Kamran, 2 runs carves this length delivery to left of long-off where Warner almost over runs it but adjusts to lunge back and stop;
8.1;6;Watson to Kamran, SIX runs Look at the white ball fly! Absolute thump! Kamran cleared the front foot and bashed the full length delivery over the straight boundary.;
7.6;1;Johnson to Kamran, 1 run leans forward to tap this full delivery towards point for a single. Great start this for Pakistan.;
7.5;?;Johnson to Kamran, no run tries to drive on the up but mistimes it towards cover;
7.4;2;Johnson to Kamran, 2 runs presses his front foot forward and flat-bats the short-of-length delivery over midpn!;
7.3;?;Johnson to Kamran, no run Hello! hello! Kamran, suddenly, goes for a slog. He goes across the line and makes no contact.;
7.2;1;Johnson to Salman Butt, 1 run works this one past point;
7.1;4;Johnson to Salman Butt, FOUR runs Australia look stunned here. Mitch is shaking his head. Clarke stares ahead. THe pakistan dug out has come alive. IT was a short delivery outside off, Butt stays adjacent to the line, opens his bat-face and slashes it through the vacant slip region;
6.6;2;Smith to Kamran, 2 runs backs away to cut this leg break to sweeper cover;
6.5;6;Smith to Kamran, SIX runs Thump! What a fab hit. He rushed down the track and lifted it with turn over the long-off fielder. They are taking on the spinner here.;
6.4;?;Smith to Kamran, no run outside off stump, squeezed out to point;
6.3;4;Smith to Kamran, FOUR runs charges down the track and tries to loft it over mid-off and it dipped rapidly on him and turned. He ended up edging it over backward point ..;
6.2;2;Smith to Kamran, 2 runs DRopped by 'Haddin ! It was going away from Kamran who goes for the cut but gets the bottom edge .. and it goes below the gloves.;
6.1;1;Smith to Salman Butt, 1 run Swept ala Chanderpaul there if you know what i mean. Will get a single;
5.6;1;Watson to Salman Butt, 1 run full in length on the leg stump line, flicked wide of mid-on;
5.5;1;Watson to Kamran, 1 run fullish, on the off and middle line, pushed out to extra cover;
5.4;1;Watson to Salman Butt, 1 run works this one through the on side;
5.3;2;Watson to Salman Butt, 2 runs charges down the track and flays it over extra cover... Butt showing lots of intent;
5.3;1w;Watson to Salman Butt, 1 wide bouncer just outside leg stump, Butt goes down under;
5.2;2;Watson to Salman Butt, 2 runs shovels this one over midwicket .. he was trying to pull but didn't connect all that well;
5.1;?;Watson to Salman Butt, no run;
4.7;?;Johnson to Kamran, no run leans forward to drive to mid-off . Seventh ball of the over. Not sure whether we missed any no-ball call;
4.6;?;Johnson to Kamran, no run slow off cutter, outside off stump, tries to cut and misses;
4.5;1;Johnson to Salman Butt, 1 run leans forward to drive to deep cover;
4.4;?;Johnson to Salman Butt, no run on the stumps, fuller, pushed out to the off side;
4.3;4;Johnson to Salman Butt, FOUR runs Loverly shot there! Salman sashays down the track and blasts the shortish delivery outside off to point boundary. Imperious!;
4.2;?;Johnson to Salman Butt, no run drama in the zone just outside off stump, Salman tries to run it down to third man but doesn't connect. it appears, had actually edged it to the keeper. But there was no appeal! TV replays show a nick!;
4.1;?;Johnson to Salman Butt, no run full in length on the middle, tapped to the on side;
3.6;4;Tait to Kamran, FOUR runs Flood of runs here. Pakistan are counterattacking in style. The bouncer on the leg and middle line and Kamran goes for the pull and ends up dragging it to fine-leg boundary;
3.5;1;Tait to Salman Butt, 1 run on the middle and leg, at the body, clipped to square-leg;
3.4;4;Tait to Salman Butt, FOUR runs Thump! Immense fun this. It was slightly short in length outside off and Salman plays a cracking square cut;
3.3;4;Tait to Salman Butt, FOUR runs he presses back, waits for the back of length delivery to arrive outside off and uses that bottom-hand of his to almost wrist it through cover point. Shot!;
3.2;?;Tait to Salman Butt, no run full and well outside off stump, the keeper collects. Must have been borderline wide call;
3.1;?;Tait to Salman Butt, no run fullish, around the off stump line, pushed out to covers;
2.6;?;Nannes to Kamran, no run This time around, he moves to the off side and flicks to midwicket;
2.5;2;Nannes to Kamran, 2 runs Kamran is going for it. He moves to the leg side and tries to clear mid-on ... he doesn't connect well and ends up swiping it past the bowler ..;
2.5;1w;Nannes to Kamran, 1 wide Will it be short? Will it be a yorker? will it be a slower one? Well .. it's an overpitched delivery well down the leg side.;
2.4;4;Nannes to Kamran, FOUR runs Thrash! What a shot. Another length delivery around the off stump and Kamran goes through the line. Awesome. The ball flies well to the right of mid-off;
2.3;4;Nannes to Kamran, FOUR runs Whack. Kamran backs away to the on side and slams the length delivery flat over covers!;
2.2;?;Nannes to Kamran, no run gets forward to tap this one to the on side;
2.1;?;Nannes to Kamran, no run full in length around off stump line, pushed forward to the off side;
1.6;?;Tait to Salman Butt, no run full again this time, Salman leans forward to defend it to the off side. he was late in getting forward.;
1.5;?;Tait to Salman Butt, no run lands this one on a length on the off and middle line, Salman pushed out to the off side;
1.5;1w;Tait to Salman Butt, 1 wide And the third one arrives. This one sails high over Salman. Wide. Nannes hit the full length. Tait is bowling short.;
1.4;?;Tait to Salman Butt, no run yet another short delivery. This time its Salman who ducks. Two bouncers already in this over.;
1.3;1;Tait to Kamran, 1 run another one climbing outside off, from short of length, Kamran is off balance as he tries to upper cut it over point and carves it to right of third man. They run just a single there. Hmmm;
1.2;?;Tait to Kamran, no run the first bouncer of the game. On the middle stump line. Kamran goes down under;
1.1;1;Tait to Salman Butt, 1 run slings it full outside off, Salman reaches out to squeeze it away off the edge to left of second slip who gets a hand on it .. It was all along the ground btw;
0.6;?;Nannes to Kamran, no run pushes this length delivery out to the off side. Nagging first over from Nannes. Line, length and pacy.;
0.5;?;Nannes to Kamran, no run fuller, around the off stump, driven to mid-off and there is confusion between the two batsmen about the single.. yes no and NO;
0.4;?;Nannes to Kamran, no run similar delivery and this time Kamran gets the front foot out of the way to defend;
0.3;?;Nannes to Kamran, no run loud shout for lbw but it pitched just outside leg stump. Another one coming with the left-armer's natural angle .. Akmal is caught on the crease, his balance went awry and he played all around it ..;
0.2;?;Nannes to Kamran, no run banged in short outside off stump, Warner ducks. Wide called. Afridi is surprised with that call.;
0.1;?;Nannes to Kamran, no run Here we go. Full length delivery just outside off, Kamran, who doesn't like to come forward, lunges out to push it towards mid-off.;

Toss: Australia have won the toss and chosen to bowl.
Clarke: It's a wonderful opportunity for both teams. Same team. No changes."
Afridi: "The boys are confident. No changes for us also."
Simon Doul with the pitch report: It's a very tough pitch to bat on and 140 should be a very good score.
Faisal: "what is Misbah doing in this line up??? he is a hugh failure and has been for while now! when will my fellow country men learn??"
Mike Jaggers: "I believe with the wet outfield and overcast conditions the aussie quick should make quick inroads. I believe it will be a close fought low scoring game. Finally a match where the bowlers decide the fortune."
Pakistan 1 Salman Butt 2 Kamran Akmal (wk) 3 Khalid Latif 4
Mohammad Hafeez 5 Umar Akmal 6 Misbah-ul-Haq 7 Shahid Afridi 8 Abdul
Razzaq 9 Abdur Rehman 10 Mohammad Aamer 11 Saeed Ajmal
Australia 1 Shane Watson 2 David Warner 3 Brad Haddin (wk) 4
Michael Clarke (capt) 5 David Hussey 6 Cameron White 7 Michael Hussey 8
Steve Smith 9 Mitchell Johnson 10 Dirk Nannes 11 Shaun Tait
11.40 am12.00 pm start. Yay!
11.30 am: Should no result at all be possible because of bad weather, Australia will be in the final as they have won more matches at the tournament than Pakistan. We hope it won't come to that.
And Andrew McGlashan, our man at the ground, says: "The toss was supposed to be at 11.40 but but it has since rained again. They have two hours extra in this match."
11.17 am: The covers are still on, I am afraid. It's wet all around. Game delayed. We don't know how long we have to wait. Supersoppers are at work. It has stopped raining now though it's still pretty gloomy out there. It might start anytime again soon. we shall be back in a while with further updates.
Hello and a warm welcome to the second semi-final. Australia v Pakistan. Promises to be much fun.
11.04 am It has been raining for a while now. They had some covers on, which appear to be coming off.. Not sure whether there is any delay in the start time. There shouldn't be any reduction in overs, though.
Some stats from the Preview for your perusal:
* Australia's bowlers have taken 47 of a possible 50 wickets in the tournament so far and the side has run-out the remaining three
* Shaun Tait has conceded less than five runs per over through the tournament
* In Salman Butt and Saeed Ajmal, Pakistan have the tournament's third highest run-scorer and wicket-taker respectively
* Pakistan is the only team to make the semi-finals of all ICC events since the 2007 World Cup
 Innings Start
Hussey let out a roar of joy as he hit that shot. Waqar Younis hung his head down. Joy and sorrow overlap on the field.
It has been said before but it's worth repeating here. John Arlott had written about it in 1948 at the end of a successful tour of England by Don Bradman's men. ""Australianism," wrote Arlott, "means single-minded determination to win - to win within the laws but, if necessary, to the last limit within them. It means where the 'impossible' is within the realm of what the human body can do, there are Australians who believe that they can do it - and who have succeeded often enough to make us wonder if anything is impossible to them. It means they have never lost a match - particularly a Test match - until the last run is scored or their last wicket down."
Spare a thought for Pakistan, though. What guts they showed. What a game they played. Yet they lost.
Afridi: "It was a very good total. The way the White and Hussey played .. they played mature and good innings. We perhaps lost it in the last over. Ajmal has bowled really well in this tournament ... Kamran and Salman gave us a good start and Umar then played really well."
Clarke: "Michael Hussey is absolute freak. He and White played superbly. Once Cameron got out I thought It was going to be really tough but with Hussey in you never know. We thoughts if we have wicketrs in hand we can chase. BUt after losing three quick wickets, I thought it was going to be difficult. People will enjoy our win today and I can't wait to get to Barbados! I need some runs. I do."
Hussey: "By the end there I was just swinging hard as I could every ball. I can't believe we have won the game. This is the best feeling of my career. White played well. Pakistan played really well, I wasn't sure whether we would do it. This game continues to amaze. This is the best feeling in my career. I can't explain it. "
And that's it from us. Thanks for logging on. Good bye and good luck.
19.5;6;Ajmal to Hussey, SIX runs Australianism prevails! What a great dramatic game this has been. Goose bumps! What a heartbreak for Pakistan. Michael Hussey has played like a dream. Whaddaplaayaaaa! He finished the game with yet another big hit. This is the Twenty20 innings of his lifetime. And what a way to finish it in style. He cleared the front foot and swung the ball over long-on. The while ball disappeared beyond the boundary. The Australian dug out erupted in joy. The Pakistani camp is stunned. U N B E L I E V A B L E. Hussey is mobbed by his team-mates. Clarke envelops him with a hug. The entire squad is out there on the ground. Take a bow Michael Hussey. Respect.;
19.4;4;Ajmal to Hussey, FOUR runs Absolutely crunched! And the scores are level! Unbelievable scenes here. Michael Hussey you beauty! What immense drama here. It was a length delivery outside off stump, Huseey slashed out at it and edges it past backward point fielder . IT went over the leaping fielder. It was that close. It was that dramatic.;
19.3;6;Ajmal to Hussey, SIX runs OMG! It's a six! Fabulicious! Stunning! What a strike. What drama! This time he went down on his knee to swing it over long-on for a glorious six!;
19.2;6;Ajmal to Hussey, SIX runs What a thunderous wallop. Tonked! Ajmal drops it short and Hussey waits before he plays a crunching pull shot. IT's a six!;
19.1;1;Ajmal to Johnson, 1 run almost yorker length as he follows Mitch who was moving away outside leg stump .. edged to short fine-leg region.;
18.6;4;Amir to Hussey, FOUR runs Very important delivery in the context of the game and Hussey keeps Australia alive with a four. It was the low dipping full toss, attempted yorker, .. Hussey had moved down the track, collected it on the full and dragged it to left of deep midwicket .. Mis bah rushes and throws in a dive but ends up dragging the ball with him over the boundary/.;
18.5;2;Amir to Hussey, 2 runs backs away even as he gets down the track and drives to right of Umar at long-off. Two more.;
18.4;2;Amir to Hussey, 2 runs Kamran is screaming away out there..he wants the throw ...this one was heaved away towards long-on .. and they will take the second run. Pretty comfortable run actually.;
18.3;2lb;Amir to Hussey, 2 leg byes tries to repeat the paddle shot that he attempted the first ball .. this time he doesn't connect properly.. the ball rolls away to third man ..;
18.2;2;Amir to Hussey, 2 runs full pitched outside off, driven to Umar at long-off .. they turn for the second run. Umar fires the throw to Aamer who breaks the stumps. The call is referred upstairs. Mitch dives to get back in the crease in time.;
18.1;4;Amir to Hussey, FOUR runs Four of the first ball. Hussey leans across, waits for the fulll ball to arrive and paddles it to the fine-leg boundary. Icy cool.;
17.6;1lb;Ajmal to Hussey, 1 leg bye full delivery, Hussey tries to heave it to the on side but doesn't connect. A leg bye will give him the strike though;
17.5;2;Ajmal to Hussey, 2 runs really full delivery, squeezed out to the empty spaces in midwicket. They run really hard. And will collect two runs.;
17.4;6;Ajmal to Hussey, SIX runs Ajmal drifts to the leg side and Hussey jumps at the opportunity. He was well inside the crease and swings it over backward square-leg boundary;
17.3;1lb;Ajmal to Johnson, 1 leg bye on the middle and leg line, rolls away to the leg side;
17.2;4;Ajmal to Johnson, FOUR runs he slows up the pace .. flights it outside off, Mitch waits on the front foot and crashes it really hard to the midwicket boundary;
17.1;W;Ajmal to Smith, OUT Ajmal can be such a difficult bowler to get away in these circumstances. Those tantalizing doosras. It landed on the middle stump line, Smith was down the track and actually tried to loft it over the off-side which perhaps indicates that he thought it might be the doosra. But no wood on leather. The ball goes past the flashing blade and to Kamran Akmal who very calmly takes off the bails. Ajmal celebrates. What a lovely delivery;Steven Smith st ?Kamran Akmal b Saeed Ajmal 5 (2m 4b 1x4 0x6) SR: 125;
16.6;1;Amir to Smith, 1 run leans across to scoop the full delivery over square-leg. Kamran screams the fielder to release the ball to him. The batsmen think about the second but the fielder has released the ball quickly. Just a single. Kamran is happy.;
16.5;?;Amir to Smith, no run full and angling away from Smith who goes for the swing to the on side but makes no contact;
16.4;4;Amir to Smith, FOUR runs slips it on the pads, it was the slow off cutter, and Smith stays back to play the leg glance to perfection;
16.3;W;Amir to White, OUT Is this the moment of the chase? And would you believe it, it was a full toss that did the trick for Pakistan. A full toss on the off stump line. White's eyes opens up and he tries to smash it through the line to long-off. Perhaps that was the mistake. He couldn't find enough power behind it and couldn't clear long-off. But what an innings this has been from White. Great to watch. Superb under pressure. But he is gone now.;Cameron White c Mohammad Hafeez b Mohammad Amir 43 (31m 31b 0x4 5x6) SR: 138.7;
16.2;1;Amir to Hussey, 1 run goes for the yorker, ends up as a low full toss on middle and leg, flicked away but there is a man in the deep. Just a single.;
16.2;1w;Amir to Hussey, 1 wide pressure. Pushes this one down the leg side for a wide.;
16.1;1;Amir to White, 1 run really full delivery on the middle, squeezed out to point;
15.6;?;Afridi to Hussey, no run slider on the leg stump line, rolls off the pad to the on side;
15.5;6;Afridi to Hussey, SIX runs The drama continues here at St Lucia. Immense fun. Another short delivery from Afridi which is a surprise. Another fab pull shot from Hussey which is not a surprise. The game remains alive.;
15.4;6;Afridi to Hussey, SIX runs Thump! Afridi drops it short and on the leg stump line and Michael pulls it to perfection!;
15.3;?;Afridi to Hussey, no run slows up the pace, Hussey is through with the pull shot and is hit on the body;
15.2;1;Afridi to White, 1 run moves outside leg stump and cuts hard to left of sweeper cover;
15.1;1lb;Afridi to Hussey, 1 leg bye outside off stump, chopped away square of the wicket;
14.6;1;Abdur to Hussey, 1 run goes back to turn it to the on side for a single;
14.6;2nb;Abdur to White, (no ball) 1 run No ball as the ball slipped out as a very high full toss .almost at the face . A surprised White manages to get some bat on the bal as he goes for the pull ..;
14.5;?;Abdur to White, no run shout for lbw but that was missing leg stump. White tries to whip it to the on side but misses;
14.4;6;Abdur to White, SIX runs All mighty wallop! Whadddaplayaaaaa! He pressed forward and thumped the length delivery over midwicket. Violent swing of the bat and the white ball disappears;
14.3;?;Abdur to White, no run outside off stump, turns away, White goes for the slog sweep but no wood on leather;
14.2;1;Abdur to Hussey, 1 run stays back to clip this to short fine-leg region ..;
14.1;?;Abdur to Hussey, no run goes for the forcing shot to the on side but makes no contact. Kamran collects.;
13.6;?;Ajmal to White, no run lovely skidding delivery and White stabs it away;
13.5;?;Ajmal to White, no run Shout for stumping Superb work from Kamran! It broke away from White who slid forward for the big hit. The back leg was lifted in the air and Kamran quickly, very quickly, breaks the stumps but White had just about got his back foot back to earth;
13.4;2;Ajmal to White, 2 runs outside off stump, sliced to short third man where the ball spins away from the Aamer;
13.3;?;Ajmal to White, no run White moves to the off side and has another go with that on side swing shot but again makes no contact .. Kamran gets his body behind the ball this time;
13.2;?;Ajmal to White, no run quicker one and it bounces as well .. A surprised White tries to punch it and misses/. Kamran collects it this time. Good take.;
13.2;3w;Ajmal to White, 3 wide Oh byes! White moved to the off side and goes for an almighty swing to the on side.. The ball had landed on middle and leg and turned down the leg stump. But Kamran hadn't moved to his left. Perhaps he was unsighted by White.;
13.1;?;Ajmal to White, no run moves outside leg and punches it to cover;
12.6;1;Abdur to White, 1 run quicker outside off, dabbed to short third man;
12.5;1;Abdur to Hussey, 1 run pushes this one to point for a single;
12.4;?;Abdur to Hussey, no run turns in from outside off, dabbed down the track;
12.3;W;Abdur to Hussey, OUT Another twist. Another wicket. Pakistan keep the heat on. This one was flighted on the leg and middle and Hussey thought .. I will push it to midwicket and get a single and give the strike to White. Mistake. The ball was slower in pace, it grips and straightens and perhaps stops a touch on Hussey who gets a leading edge back to the bowler. Gone! Michael Hussey walks in.;David Hussey c & b Abdur Rehman 13 (16m 9b 0x4 1x6) SR: 144.44;
12.2;1;Abdur to White, 1 run around the off stump line, squeezed out to point for a single;
12.1;6;Abdur to White, SIX runs More fun. More drama. This chase has suddenly come aliev. He shuffles to the off side and goes for the big swing to the square-leg boundary. He gets an top edge but it sails over backward square-leg boundary.;
11.6;6;Hafeez to Hussey, SIX runs Whack! Hussey takes the White route. He moves outside leg and thumps a full delivery over long-off;
11.5;1;Hafeez to White, 1 run moves outside leg, the ball is on the middle and leg line, wristed through midwicket;
11.4;1;Hafeez to Hussey, 1 run rotates the strike with a dab to midwicket;
11.3;1;Hafeez to White, 1 run reaches forward to ping long-off;
11.2;6;Hafeez to White, SIX runs White has come as a fresh breath of air here for Australia. A cry of joy. He moves outside leg, reaches out to the full delivery outside off and crashes it on a bent knee. It flew high over the cover boundary;
11.1;1;Hafeez to Hussey, 1 run turns in to the middle and off line, the batsman goes back to punch it past the non striker;
10.6;1;Afridi to Hussey, 1 run outside off stump, square driven to deep-point region;
10.5;1;Afridi to White, 1 run leans forward to drive to long-off;
10.4;6;Afridi to White, SIX runs Violent thump! White is turning it on here. Again he went down on his knee, again he went for the slog sweep to a delivery outside off,and again he connected superbly;
10.3;6;Afridi to White, SIX runs Bang! White has gone down on his knees and swung this full delivery from outside off to the midwicket boundary;
10.2;?;Afridi to White, no run quicker one, on the off stump line, pushed back to Afridi;
10.1;1;Afridi to Hussey, 1 run around the off stump line, pushed out to covers;
9.6;?;Hafeez to White, no run again moves to the on side, the bowler follows him, he tries to swing to the on side but misses and is hit on the pad;
9.5;?;Hafeez to White, no run moves outside leg stump... and tries to slog it away .. and edges it to the on side;
9.4;1;Hafeez to Hussey, 1 run gets forward to ping long-on for a single;
9.3;1;Hafeez to White, 1 run stays back to punch it to Umar at long-off;
9.2;1;Hafeez to Hussey, 1 run presses back to punch this one past the non striker;
9.1;1;Hafeez to White, 1 run flighted around off stump line, eased through mid-off;
8.6;1;Afridi to White, 1 run works this one through midwicket for a single;
8.5;?;Afridi to White, no run gets forward to defend the slider;
8.4;?;Afridi to White, no run drifts in on the middle stump line, defends to the off side;
8.3;?;Afridi to White, no run;
8.2;W;Afridi to Clarke, OUT The Pakistan captain knocks out his counterpart. Stumped! What a strike. Clarke went down the track for the big hit but met thin air: Afridi hurled it quicker, dragged back the length, kept it flatter and Clarke tried to swipe it across the line but missed. Very good work from Kamran. The bails were off in a flash.;Michael Clarke st ?Kamran Akmal b Shahid Afridi 17 (19m 19b 2x4 0x6) SR: 89.47;
8.1;?;Afridi to Clarke, no run loud shout for lbw Looked close. Hawk eyes says it would have hit the bails. It was the quick slider that came in from the off stump line. the batsman pushed outside the line and it hit him on the pad in front of middle.;
7.6;1;Abdur to Clarke, 1 run quickish, goes back to punch it to the on side for a single;
7.5;?;Abdur to Clarke, no run goes down the track, the bowler drags back the length.. pushed out to coverse;
7.4;2;Abdur to Clarke, 2 runs leans forward to on drive to right of long-on for couple of runs;
7.3;1;Abdur to Hussey, 1 run on the off stump line, pushed out to point;
7.2;W;Abdur to Haddin, OUT Stumped! Haddin went dancing down the track but the ball curved past him. It dipped rapidly on the advancing Haddin, gripped the surface and broke away to Kamran who does the rest. Third wicket down and Australia are wobbling here in St Lucia.;Brad Haddin st ?Kamran Akmal b Abdur Rehman 25 (24m 20b 2x4 1x6) SR: 125;
7.1;?;Abdur to Haddin, no run backs away to cut to covers;
6.6;?;Afridi to Clarke, no run slightly short in length, cut to point;
6.5;2;Afridi to Clarke, 2 runs leans forward to on drive to push it wide of long-on for couple of runs;
6.4;1;Afridi to Haddin, 1 run quick delivery on the off stump line, pushed out to sweeper cover;
6.3;1;Afridi to Clarke, 1 run moves down the track and turns this one through midwicket;
6.2;?;Afridi to Clarke, no run quickish slider, goes for the pull but ends up edging it to the off side;
6.1;1;Afridi to Haddin, 1 run just around the off stump line, tapped to short third man;
5.6;1;Ajmal to Haddin, 1 run quicker, on the middle, worked to midwicket for a single;
5.5;1;Ajmal to Clarke, 1 run goes right back to tap it to midwicket;
5.4;?;Ajmal to Clarke, no run leans forward to defend to the on side;
5.3;?;Ajmal to Clarke, no run Lovely doosra! Clarke is comprehensively beaten. He goes back and stabs well inside the line.;
5.2;2lb;Ajmal to Clarke, 2 leg byes drifts down the leg .. rolls of the pad to fine-leg;
5.1;4;Ajmal to Clarke, FOUR runs drops it short, slightly short in length mind you and Clarke plays a superb cut shot to the boundary;
4.6;?;Abdur to Haddin, no run on the middle, stops a touch on Haddin who checks his shot and stabs it uppishly down the track;
4.5;1;Abdur to Clarke, 1 run on the middle stump line, turned towards deep midwicket for a single;
4.4;1;Abdur to Haddin, 1 run slows up the pace, shifts the line to the off stump, Haddin pushes it to point;
4.3;6;Abdur to Haddin, SIX runs Superbly done. It was drifting towards his pads and he swung it neatly and nonchalantly over backward square-leg boundary;
4.2;2;Abdur to Haddin, 2 runs quicker, on the middle and off, tapped to midwicket .. empty spaces there .. by the time the man runs in from the deep .. they take two;
4.1;?;Abdur to Haddin, no run on the middle and off, pushed back to the bowler;
3.6;4;Abdul Razzaq to Clarke, FOUR runs What a shot! Clarke walked down the track, backed away slightly and punched it sweetly on the up and well to the left of mid-off;
3.5;?;Abdul Razzaq to Clarke, no run It was a length delivery on the off stump line, he pushes it back to the bowler;
3.4;1;Abdul Razzaq to Haddin, 1 run full in length, sliced away to point region;
3.3;?;Abdul Razzaq to Haddin, no run slower one around the off stump line, pushed out to the off side;
3.2;?;Abdul Razzaq to Haddin, no run short in length outside off stump, punched to covers;
3.1;2;Abdul Razzaq to Haddin, 2 runs full in length around the off stump line, haddin tries to clear mid-on and ends up dragging it wider ... two runs;
2.6;1;Amir to Haddin, 1 run fullish on the off stump line, dragged of the inner edge past square-leg;
2.5;1;Amir to Clarke, 1 run works this wide of third man for a single;
2.4;?;Amir to Clarke, no run full in length outside off stump, pushed out to backward point;
2.3;W;Amir to Watson, OUT What a moment this. The openers are back in the hutch. Pressure. Watson has hit a full delivery straight to long-on! The Pakistan dug-out is celebrating. The fans are screaming in joy. Enter Pup. The Australian captain is in the middle. What can he do now?;Shane Watson c Abdur Rehman b Mohammad Amir 16 (13m 9b 2x4 1x6) SR: 177.77;
2.2;?;Amir to Watson, no run fuller, Watson digs it out to the off side .. He made contact with the bottom of the bat;
2.1;4;Amir to Watson, FOUR runs It almost decapitates Haddin! What a wallop. It was a length delivery and Watson pressed forward and muscled it past Haddin!;
1.6;4;Abdul Razzaq to Haddin, FOUR runs Thump! Quite similar delivery to the previous one. That was pushed back to the bowler. This has been smashed through the line between the bowler and mid-off.;
1.5;?;Abdul Razzaq to Haddin, no run full pitched on the off stump, pushed back to the bowler;
1.4;4;Abdul Razzaq to Haddin, FOUR runs Shot! Superbly done. He backed away slightly even as he took a step down the track, stayed adjacent to the line, held his balance well and punched the short-of-length delivery through covers;
1.3;1;Abdul Razzaq to Watson, 1 run short in length on the middle stump line, punched down to long-on;
1.2;?;Abdul Razzaq to Watson, no run length delivery on the off stump line, punched back to the bowler;
1.1;6;Abdul Razzaq to Watson, SIX runs Watto you beauty! It was a slightly short of length delivery and Watson pulls it over midwicket boundary;
0.7;?;Amir to Haddin, no run hmm another over with an extra ball .... pushed out to covers. .;
0.6;1;Amir to Watson, 1 run outside off stump, run down to third man for a single;
0.5;4;Amir to Watson, FOUR runs Watson breaks free. It was a slightly short delivery and Watson pulls it past midwicket;
0.4;?;Amir to Watson, no run crunchy yorker on the off stump, squeezed out to the off side;
0.3;1;Amir to Haddin, 1 run short in length on the middle, tucked past square-leg;
0.2;W;Amir to Warner, OUT Warner is gone for a duck. They are dancing in the aisles. It was the full length delivery going away from Warner who cuts it straight to backward point. That boy Umar again! What a start for Pakistan. What a tame dismissal. A very soft shot.;David Warner c Umar Akmal b Mohammad Amir 0 (2m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
0.2;1w;Amir to Warner, 1 wide banged in short, Warner ducks and it has been called a wide. Afridi is surprised with that call.;
0.1;?;Amir to Warner, no run full in length on the pads, rolls away to short fine-leg fielder;

Warner and Watson walk out. Pakistan players break away from the huddle.
 Innings Start
Pakistan
Australia
2nd Semi-Final, Gros Islet, May 14 2010, ICC World Twenty20
191/6
197/7
Player of the match is Michael Hussey, AUS
Australia won by 3 wickets (with 1 ball remaining)
