Data
10.15pm A night of records, plenty broken, new ones set for the future all the result of the return of Glenn Maxwell to Australia's T20 squad. A flawless performance from Australia with the bat, putting up 263 for 3 - the highest T20I score by a team, and the joint highest T20 score ever. Maxwell chipped in with 145 of them to set up Australia's dominance. Sri Lanka gave it their all and then some but were always way behind the game. They ended up 85 short, their biggest defeat in the format. A bad evening for Sri Lanka, but they will have to pick themselves up and come back harder in Tillakaratne Dilshan's last international match on Friday.
Presentation time.
Glenn Maxwell is the Man of the Match: "A little bit instinctive, tried to hit my areas based on the field. Been playing really well in the T20 format, at the top is an easier place to bat. I find the reverse sweep easier to play (than the sweep). Lucky to take advantage of some loose bowling."
Dinesh Chandimal: "I'm really disappointed with the way we bowled. if we restricted them to under 200, we would have had a chance. These things happen in cricket, a lot of youngsters, we need to regroup, we'll come back stronger in the next game. We came for practice in the last two days, and saw some moisture so we decided to bowl. Need a good gameplan for the bowlers."
David Warner: "I would have batted first. Me and the coach had a word yesterday, and I thought to give the bloke (Maxwell) an opportunity, I like a right-hand, left-hand combination at the top. Credit to him, he has worked hard at home. Tonight was all Maxi."
19.6;?;Boland to Rajitha, no run yorker outside off, carved out to point and Australia complete just their third T20 win against Sri Lanka to go 1-0 up in the series.;
19.5;?;Boland to Rajitha, no run back of a length outside off, 127 kph. Rajitha is surprised by the change in length. Beaten by quite a distance;
19.4;?;Boland to Rajitha, no run slower ball on middle, 103 kph. Dipping late but Rajitha is nicely behind the line to block;
19.3;?;Boland to Rajitha, no run another yorker on off, 129 kph. Dug out, the ball trickles back to the stumps but doesn't have enough pace;
19.2;?;Boland to Rajitha, no run yorker on off, played out to cover;
19.1;1;Boland to Senanayake, 1 run slower ball on middle, 107 kph. Pushed to long-on;
18.6;W;Starc to Lakmal, OUT what a catch from Starc to finish. Back of a length on off, Lakmal throws his bat at it, but is beaten for pace. The ball lobs up towards short point, Starc scampers across, sprints there and gets low to complete a stunning two-handed screamer even as fielders hurtled in to take the catch. Made that look easy;Suranga Lakmal c & b Starc 1 (2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
18.5;1lb;Starc to Senanayake, 1 leg bye good length on leg, beaten for pace as SS misses his flick, the ball hits the pad and deflects towards point;
18.4;?;Starc to Senanayake, no run;
18.3;1;Starc to Lakmal, 1 run full on off, nicely behind the line to block to point;
18.2;1;Starc to Senanayake, 1 run shortish length outside off, 145 kph. SS steers down to third man off the open face;
18.1;W;Starc to Kapugedera, OUT gone. Kapugedara's enterprising innings ends. Full and wide outside off from Starc, Kapu tries to go inside out, over cover. But the ball skews off the toe end to point. Bailey settles underneath the sitter;Chamara Kapugedera c Bailey b Starc 43 (25b 3x4 3x6) SR: 172;
17.6;1;Faulkner to Kapugedera, 1 run slower ball on off, pushed to long-on to keep strike;
17.5;4;Faulkner to Kapugedera, FOUR runs four more. goes shorter this time does Faulkner, width. Kapugedara opens the face of his bat and carves it past short third man. Lovely batting, 20 off the over;
17.4;6;Faulkner to Kapugedera, SIX runs superb shot that. Another slower ball which is rather full, a half-volley. Kapu keeps his shape and hammers his lofted drive over the long-off boundary. Superlative timing;
17.3;2;Faulkner to Kapugedera, 2 runs another one, 107 kph slow on middle, paddled to backward square leg;
17.2;4;Faulkner to Kapugedera, FOUR runs 124 kph, too straight this time and Kapu picks him off, high in the air and lands just inside the square leg boundary;
17.1;4;Faulkner to Kapugedera, FOUR runs slower delivery, too full, shovelled with use of that bottom hand to the midwicket boundary. Again, stupendous power into that stroke;
16.6;1;Starc to Kapugedera, 1 run drifts down leg this time, nudged to fine leg;
16.5;4b;Starc to Kapugedera, 4 byes four more byes. Not easy at all for Nevill. A full toss outside off, the ball misses the bat. Pitches on the strip behind the stumps and scoots along the surface. Nevill gets some glove on it but not enough;

Stuart: "From a spectator's standpoint, I'd really like to see the Aussie brain's trust put an investment in Glenn Maxwell. Back him. Play him in all formats because he can win you matches. And off spinners hate him, hello India! Maybe even throw a wild card and open the Test batting in India with him"
 Innings Start
Australia
Sri Lanka
1st T20I (N), Pallekele, Sep 6 2016, Australia tour of Sri Lanka
263/3
178/9
Player of the match is Glenn Maxwell, AUS
Australia won by 85 runs
