Data
12.55pm So that's Australia's lowest ODI score against Zimbabwe, 209 for 9, the previous one was 225. They could have been restricted to much lesser after the spinners jolted the top and middle order, and the score was 97 for 5. But an injured Clarke struck a fifty, and Haddin chipped in with a crucial 49 till the last over to take them past 200. Zimbabwe's spinners starred again, although the seamers allowed them to put up a decent total. The questions is - can the Zimbabwe batsmen do it? Join us in 40 minutes to find out
49.6;1;Tiripano to Lyon, 1 run full toss outside off and Lyon targets the leg side again, gets one to the midwicket are;
49.5;6;Tiripano to Lyon, SIX runs can Lyon hit it? He does, all the way for six. Full on the stumps and Lyon tonks it over the square leg boundary to make sure Clarke's effort to comes back counts;
49.4;W;Tiripano to Haddin, OUT he holes out this time! It was pitched up again around leg stump and he lofted it down to long-on for an easy catch. But he did his job for that crucial knock of 49;Brad Haddin c Waller b Tiripano 49 (91m 66b 2x4 3x6) SR: 74.24;
49.3;?;Tiripano to Haddin, no run full and wide, Haddin chases it a bit and tries to cut but misses. Looks to the umpire to see if it's a wide but he's unmoved;
49.2;1;Tiripano to Lyon, 1 run almost a legspinner from outside leg, whipped to deep fine leg for one;
49.1;W;Tiripano to Cutting, 1 run, OUT they are asking for the run out, decision has gone upstairs. Cutting drove the full toss down to long-on and came running back for the second, the fielder does well to throw it to the keeper's end but Taylor has not collected it. But the ball deflects off is gloves and hits the stumps, catching Cutting nearly out of the frame. Cutting has to go back;Ben Cutting run out (?Taylor/Waller) 26 (26m 22b 2x4 1x6) SR: 118.18;
48.6;?;Chatara to Haddin, no run slower delivery cutting in, Haddin made room to pull but it came in a lot and he eventually left it, crammed for room;
48.5;1;Chatara to Cutting, 1 run slower ball from back of length, pulled to the leg side and the 50 partnership brings up the 200. 50 off 33, by the way;
48.4;6;Chatara to Cutting, SIX runs another full delivery, another six! This was well outside off and right in the zone for Cutting to loft it with some power over the long-off boundary;
48.3;1;Chatara to Haddin, 1 run makes room on the other side now and drives it down to long-off;
48.2;6;Chatara to Haddin, SIX runs pitched up and that's where Haddin wanted it! Gets the middle of the bat and tonks it to the midwicket boundary by coming close to the ball for six! That hit an ad board and the fielder at deep midwicket caught it after that;
48.1;1;Chatara to Cutting, 1 run slower bouncer and that's swatted wide of deep midwicket for one;
45.6;1;Chatara to Haddin, 1 run angling in again, from length this time, tucked towards midwicket for an easy single;
45.5;4;Chatara to Haddin, FOUR runs back of length and coming in, runs it down by opening the face of the bat for a four to the third man area;
45.4;1;Chatara to Cutting, 1 run back to full length, turned with the wrists to the leg side;
45.3;4;Chatara to Cutting, FOUR runs short ball and Cutting smashes it with a pull to the midwicket boundary for four! Australia will probably look to attack the seamers;
45.2;2lb;Chatara to Cutting, 2 leg byes full on the pads and it runs down to deep fine leg. Oh they're coming back for the second, a bit of a mix up between the batsmen but they are safe;
45.1;?;Chatara to Cutting, no run fullish outside off and pushed back to the bowler;
44.6;1;Nyumbu to Cutting, 1 run charges down and punches it to long-off for one;
44.5;?;Nyumbu to Cutting, no run turns in from length outside off, Cutting defends off the backfoot;
44.4;?;Nyumbu to Cutting, no run fuller outside off and Cutting defends it back to the bowler;
44.3;?;Nyumbu to Cutting, no run slower through the air and turning from outside off, tapped to midwicket;
44.2;1;Nyumbu to Haddin, 1 run shorter and flatter on the stumps, pushed it to midwicket for one;
44.1;?;Nyumbu to Haddin, no run full toss outside off, pushed back to the bowler;
47.6;1;Tiripano to Cutting, 1 run full on middle and leg, heaved to deep midwicket for one. 12 runs from that over;
47.5;1;Tiripano to Haddin, 1 run slower bouncer cuts in from outside off and Haddin hooks it for one;
47.4;1;Tiripano to Cutting, 1 run tries the block hole and it's lofted down the ground to long-on after a bounce;
47.3;2;Tiripano to Cutting, 2 runs short ball outside off and it's pulled away to the left of deep midwicket for two in the gap;
47.2;1;Tiripano to Haddin, 1 run low full toss, pushed down to long-on for one;
47.1;6;Tiripano to Haddin, SIX runs full and wide but Haddin smashes it straight down the ground with a swish and that goes all the way before hitting the sight screen;
46.6;?;Nyumbu to Cutting, no run flighted outside off on length, Cutting sees it through to the keeper as it turns in;
46.5;1;Nyumbu to Haddin, 1 run short anf flat going towards leg, tapped to square leg for one more;
46.4;1;Nyumbu to Cutting, 1 run goes back this time and tucks to deep fine leg for one;
46.3;4;Nyumbu to Cutting, FOUR runs he charges down and powers it over the umpire's head for four! Didn't allow that one to turn or bounce at all and took it on the full;
46.2;1;Nyumbu to Haddin, 1 run rocks back to the back foot and punches it to cover point where Tiripano dives to his left full length and saves a few runs;
46.1;?;Nyumbu to Haddin, no run slightly flat on the leg stump, goes for a slog and misses;
43.6;2;Williams to Cutting, 2 runs fuller on leg and easily tucked away to the leg side, Haddin responds well for the call for two and an inaccurate throw helps him;
43.5;?;Williams to Cutting, no run slightly fuller and drives it and short cover dives to save it;
43.4;?;Williams to Cutting, no run leans forward again and is beaten this time by the turn;
43.3;?;Williams to Cutting, no run tossed up outside off, pushed towards point;
43.2;W;Williams to Starc, OUT this time it's gone through! Pitched on length outside off and turned it in, Starc played for a bit of turn in an attempt to push it down but left a wide gap between bat and pad and the ball found that big enough to go through and hit the stumps;Mitchell Starc b Williams 3 (4m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 60;
43.1;?;Williams to Starc, no run he cuts and gets a bottom edge to the keeper after the bounce, no chance for a run;
42.6;1;Utseya to Starc, 1 run flighted on the leg stump, pushed towards midwicket for one and 150 comes up;
42.5;2;Utseya to Starc, 2 runs flighted outside leg and it's flicked to deep midwicket for one;
42.4;?;Utseya to Starc, no run presses forward and defends it back;
42.3;W;Utseya to Faulkner, OUT wicket falls straightaway! It pitched on length outside off and Faulkner went back to run it around third man but managed a thick outside edge and Nyumbu took a good low catch going down to his right;James Faulkner c Nyumbu b Utseya 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
42.2;2;Utseya to Clarke, 2 runs makes a bit of room, doesn't middle it, but cuts it between point and short third man for two;
42.1;?;Utseya to Clarke, no run comes down the track and nearly yorks himself, he's looking more uncomfortable with his hamstring;
41.6;1;Williams to Clarke, 1 run fuller on middle and leg, slogged to wide long-on for one;
41.5;?;Williams to Clarke, no run touch fuller, Clarke tries another heave and misses;
41.4;?;Williams to Clarke, no run that's the most casual appeal you'll see for anything! Taylor caught the ball after it turned away from Clarke, who looked to cut, and Williams politely asked the umpire who shrugged his shoulders;
41.3;1;Williams to Haddin, 1 run makes room and this one is chipped just over point and cover point, another lucky one for Australia;
41.2;?;Williams to Haddin, no run punched off the back foot after the turn to cover;
41.1;6;Williams to Haddin, SIX runs pitches it up and Haddin counterattacks! Went down on a knee and launched this one from leg stump to the cow corner boundary for a clean six!;
40.6;1;Utseya to Haddin, 1 run flatter and fuller, helped with the angle towards backward square leg;
40.5;?;Utseya to Haddin, no run shorter and turning in, helped to short fine leg;
40.4;?;Utseya to Haddin, no run full on middle and leg, defends to the leg side;
40.3;1;Utseya to Clarke, 1 run fuller on middle and leg, tucked to deep midwicket for one;
40.2;1;Utseya to Haddin, 1 run another one dropped! It went very high behind the keeper on the leg side after taking the leading edge, Utseya had pitched it up, Chatara ran to his right from short fine leg but spilled it;
40.1;1;Utseya to Clarke, 1 run short and flat, pulled to deep backward square leg and they take only one because of Clarke's injury;
39.6;1;Chatara to Clarke, 1 run makes room and tucks the incoming delivery to deep midwicket for one;
39.5;?;Chatara to Clarke, no run goes for a heave for the short ball but it doesn't bounce as much and wasn't too far from the off stump;
39.4;2;Chatara to Clarke, 2 runs straight delivery driven down the ground to long-off and they are coming back for the second, which makes it uncomfortable for Clarke's hamstring. He's holding it for a bit now;
39.3;?;Chatara to Clarke, no run coming in from outside off, pushed on the off side off the front foot;
39.2;2;Chatara to Clarke, 2 runs slow and low full toss on the stumps, pushed down to long-on and they run two very quickly;
39.1;1;Chatara to Haddin, 1 run short ball and pulled, that went in the air but fell well short of deep midwicket;
38.6;1;Williams to Haddin, 1 run makes room and drives the full delivery to long-off;
38.5;?;Williams to Haddin, no run goes back and pushes to cover after the turn off the back foot;
38.4;?;Williams to Haddin, no run beaten by the turn as Haddin defends with his bat behind the pad and the turn deceives him;
38.3;?;Williams to Haddin, no run loud lbw appeal as Haddin came forward for the length delivery on middle and leg and was hit in front. That was nearly plumb;
38.2;?;Williams to Haddin, no run goes back again and pushes to cover after the turn;
38.1;?;Williams to Haddin, no run going down the leg side, Haddin pads it on the back foot;
37.6;2;Chatara to Clarke, 2 runs that's the shorter slower ball, Clarke had loaded up for the pull and has to adjust his bat swing. Single to deep midwicket.;
37.5;1;Chatara to Haddin, 1 run backs away again and slaps a good length ball down the ground to long-on;
37.4;?;Chatara to Haddin, no run smacked back at the bowler with the full face, that's been hit quite powerfully. Harsh to call that a drop but Chatare is quite disappointed;
37.3;4;Chatara to Haddin, FOUR runs that's been threaded through the covers. it was overpitched and Haddin made it worse by making some room and clattering it on the fielder's right;
37.2;2;Chatara to Haddin, 2 runs length ball, but it comes in slower off the deck. Forces Haddin to mistime his slog. Chigumbura at short midwicket attempts to run-out Clarke for backing up too much but to no avail and it becomes overthrows as well;
37.1;1;Chatara to Clarke, 1 run full and angled in on leg stump, Clarke swipes it to deep square leg and looks quite comfortable doing it;
36.6;?;Williams to Haddin, no run jumps back on his middle stump to use his wrists and work a good length ball to square leg;
36.5;?;Williams to Haddin, no run backs away to a good length ball on off stump, tries to steer it behind point but doesn't succeed;
36.4;?;Williams to Haddin, no run pushed through on middle and off, Haddin defends;
36.3;?;Williams to Haddin, no run goes back and is struck rather high on the pads, that had him squared up but perhaps was just turning past off stump;
36.2;1;Williams to Clarke, 1 run keeps to his back foot to work the ball against the turn wide of long-on;
36.1;?;Williams to Clarke, no run even when he bowls quicker, it grips into the pitch and turns quite bit. Clarke was set up for the cut, but a little more turn than he expects flummoxes his timing;
35.6;?;Nyumbu to Haddin, no run hits a good length just outside off, Haddin stays back to block to point;
35.5;?;Nyumbu to Haddin, no run nicely flighted outside off, Haddin drives watchfully to the right of cover;
35.4;?;Nyumbu to Haddin, no run shortish and pushed through on off stump, turned away to square leg;
35.3;1;Nyumbu to Clarke, 1 run gets down the track and drills a loopy delivery from outside off to long-on;
35.3;1w;Nyumbu to Clarke, 1 wide a lot quicker that time, Clarke wanted to use the pace and glance it fine but the turn beats him. Wided by the umpire;
35.2;1;Nyumbu to Haddin, 1 run goes back to a good length ball and turns it to the right of short midwicket;
35.1;?;Nyumbu to Haddin, no run tossed up on off stump, Haddin reaches forward to tuck away to short midwicket;
34.6;?;Williams to Clarke, no run backs away and cuts a good length ball towards cover;
34.5;1;Williams to Haddin, 1 run flighted just outside off, haddin eases it to long-off;
34.4;?;Williams to Haddin, no run a little shorter again but Haddin is wary of the turn now and goes back to tap the ball into the off side;
34.3;?;Williams to Haddin, no run a touch quicker to push Haddin back, a little more bounce takes the outside edge but soft hands ensures it falls short of slip;
34.2;?;Williams to Haddin, no run again! That's impressive turn as he lures Haddin forward, forces him to play and then weaves the flighted ball well past his outside edge;
34.1;?;Williams to Haddin, no run tossed up and angled in on off stump, Haddin attempts a forward defensive and sees the ball rip past his outside edge;
33.6;1;Waller to Haddin, 1 run dropped and he didn't even get a hand on it! Gave the ball a little more air on middle and that lured the big shot. But Waller's not quite turning the ball as much as the other spinners. That fetches a top edge that almost goes straight up. Waller runs after it himself towards the mid-on region but he is too slow. Misjudged it completely and realises he has to dive, but still couldn't make it;
33.5;?;Waller to Haddin, no run stays back to a good length ball, waits for it to turn and blocks on off stump;
33.4;1;Waller to Clarke, 1 run lunges forward on his front foot and sweeps strongly to deep square leg;
33.3;1;Waller to Haddin, 1 run that's the straighter one and Haddin could only read it off the pitch, shuffles across to off stump and opens the face. Soft hands help him get off strike;
33.2;1;Waller to Clarke, 1 run gets back and acorss on off stump to ride a flatter delivery through to deep square leg;
33.1;?;Waller to Clarke, no run flighted just outside off, Clarke reaches forward to block;
32.6;?;Tiripano to Haddin, no run back of a length on middle and off, Haddin meets it under his eyes;
32.5;1;Tiripano to Clarke, 1 run tucked away behind square leg as he gets up on his toes to ride the bounce on a shorter ball;
32.4;1;Tiripano to Haddin, 1 run pushes him back but Haddin uses soft hands to dab the ball into the off side and his partner, dodgy hamstring or not, pinches a single.;
32.3;1;Tiripano to Clarke, 1 run back of a length and angled in at the body, Clarke whips it away to deep square leg to complete a resolute fifty on his comeback from injury;
32.2;1;Tiripano to Haddin, 1 run helped off his hips as Tiripano strays short and a touch too straight;
32.1;1;Tiripano to Clarke, 1 run think he rolled his fingers down that. Clarke likes the length on it though, shorter and outside off. Guided away to deep third man;
31.6;?;Waller to Haddin, no run a little flighted just outside off, Haddin keeps to his crease and turns to short leg;
31.5;?;Waller to Haddin, no run flatter ball but the line is the saving grace as Haddin defends on off stump. Looking for the one that skids on, is Waller;
31.4;1;Waller to Clarke, 1 run reads those short ones quite quickly, shifts his weight back and pulls to deep square leg.;
31.3;?;Waller to Clarke, no run flighted just outside off, Clarke leans forward and works the ball to midwicket;
31.2;1;Waller to Haddin, 1 run pushed through on middle and leg, Haddin waits on it and whips past short leg;
31.1;1;Waller to Clarke, 1 run loopy delivery just outside off, Clarke takes it on the full and sweeps to deep fine leg. Another over from Waller begins with a full toss. That's Australia's hundred;
30.6;?;Tiripano to Haddin, no run invites the drive and Haddin employs a checked one to mid-off;
30.5;?;Tiripano to Haddin, no run sneaks in a shorter one that has Haddin up on his toes to tap into the turf by his feet;
30.4;?;Tiripano to Haddin, no run fullish on off stump gets a solid forward defensive from Haddin;
30.3;?;Tiripano to Haddin, no run angled in on middle and leg, Haddin has nudged it to short midwicket;
30.2;?;Tiripano to Haddin, no run fullish on middle stump, might have straightened a touch too. Haddin keeps faith in his defensive blade;
30.1;?;Tiripano to Haddin, no run stays on the back foot to work a good length ball way to square leg;
29.6;?;Utseya to Clarke, no run dances down again, and is struck on the pads again. Second time that the flick has failed Clarke in succession;
29.5;?;Utseya to Clarke, no run jumps down the track but doesn't manage to connect the flick, kisses the pad to help him evade a stumping;
29.4;1;Utseya to Haddin, 1 run got him to play forward again, grip and turn for Utseya forced the batsman to play uppishly through the vacant leg slip area;
29.3;?;Utseya to Haddin, no run gets forward this time as he sees the ball on leg stump and pushes back at the bowler;
29.2;?;Utseya to Haddin, no run gets back to a reasonanbly fuller ball outside off and defends with an open face;
29.1;1;Utseya to Clarke, 1 run flighted on middle and off, Clarke uses his feet and flicks to long-on;
28.6;?;Tiripano to Haddin, no run back of a good length on off stump, defended solidly;
28.5;W;Tiripano to Marsh, OUT not the pitch to be driving throuh the line and Marsh learns it the hard way. He'd refrained from doing that against the spinners but couldn't replicate that with a little more pace on the ball. It was the cross-seamer, pitched full and a shade outside off, stopped on the pitch just enough to skew his timing and short cover makes a smart grab;Mitchell Marsh c Utseya b Tiripano 15 (44m 37b 1x4 0x6) SR: 40.54;
28.4;1;Tiripano to Clarke, 1 run pushed down the ground;
28.3;?;Tiripano to Clarke, no run fullish but a little too straight, Clarke leans over his front leg and whips to the right of midwicket. Mawoyo dives and refuses the single;
28.2;1;Tiripano to Marsh, 1 run a little nip in off the deck to put Marsh in some discomfort. Manages to bring the bat down as quick as necessary and whip into the midwicket region;
28.1;1;Tiripano to Clarke, 1 run good length around the off stump, Clarke's straight bat gives long-on a work out;
27.6;1;Utseya to Clarke, 1 run flighted on off stump, Clarke whips it down to long-on;
27.5;?;Utseya to Clarke, no run;
27.4;1;Utseya to Marsh, 1 run rapped down the ground as it is a touch shorter, and doesn't turn as alarmingly;
27.4;1w;Utseya to Marsh, 1 wide roaring turn there, pitched around off stump and then veered well past Marsh's flick. Umpire Dar says that's too much;
27.3;?;Utseya to Marsh, no run;
27.2;?;Utseya to Marsh, no run gets down the track, but he doesn't force it. Tapped to the right of the bowler;
27.1;?;Utseya to Marsh, no run gets back to a reasonably fuller ball on middle, was right in front of all three stumps but he managed to tuck it to backwards short leg;
26.6;?;Waller to Clarke, no run flighted and angled in on off stump, turned to square leg;
26.5;2;Waller to Clarke, 2 runs that's delightful. He saw the line outside off, he saw the length on the shorter side. Almost immediately made room and late cut it fine of short third man;
26.4;1;Waller to Marsh, 1 run this time the length affords Marsh a little more time to pick the gap between square leg and midwicket;
26.3;?;Waller to Marsh, no run not quite full enough to draw the batsman forward and Marsh works it away to midwicket, who makes a diving save;
26.2;1;Waller to Clarke, 1 run deftly sweeps another good length ball just outside off stump to deep fine leg;
26.1;?;Waller to Clarke, no run shuffles back and across on off stump and bunts a good length ball at his feet;
25.6;?;Utseya to Marsh, no run tossed up around the off stump, defended carefeully;
25.5;?;Utseya to Marsh, no run allows the batsman to get on his back foot and tickle a length ball off his pads;
25.4;?;Utseya to Marsh, no run gives the ball a little more air and that means it grips into the deck and turns quite considerably. Pitched outside off and hit on middle, but that would have slid down though. Terrific ball;
25.3;1;Utseya to Clarke, 1 run pushed through just outside off, but Clarke plays the length and whips it to deep midwicket;
25.2;4;Utseya to Clarke, FOUR runs short ball on middle, Clarke pounces on it. Doesn't bother with timing this time, it was just murdered behind square leg. Sumptuous footwork again;
25.1;2;Utseya to Clarke, 2 runs jumps down the track and having reached the pitch he has his pick of areas. Goes for deep midwicket and his timing is quite tasteful. Good enough to force Nyumbu to misfield in the deep;
24.6;?;Waller to Marsh, no run flighted just outside off, Marsh smothers it down the pitch;
24.5;?;Waller to Marsh, no run this one doesn't turn, rather like the one that got Maxwell. Marsh though has a bigger reach and manages to get an outside edge to short third man;
24.4;1;Waller to Clarke, 1 run gets deep in his crease and turns it away behind square leg. Lovely footwork and he has picked the gap well enough for a quick single;
24.3;?;Waller to Clarke, no run tossed up just outside off, Clarke plays with he turn and works to midwicket;
24.2;?;Waller to Clarke, no run flighted outside off, Clarke is up to the challenge with a dead bat;
24.1;1;Waller to Marsh, 1 run starts with another low full toss and Marsh has drilled it down the ground - right at Clarke. Struck on the ribs to give Brendan Taylor behind the stumps a sheepish little laugh;
23.6;?;Nyumbu to Clarke, no run holds the length back and seems to pitch it where Clarke doesn't know whether to go forward or back and his guide to third man is beaten. Well bowled, Nyumbu;
23.5;?;Nyumbu to Clarke, no run goes down the track and towards the flight of the ball outside off, smothered towards midwicket;
23.4;1;Nyumbu to Marsh, 1 run loses his length and this one drifts a little too straight too, Marsh gets on one-knee and gives some work to deep fine leg;
23.3;?;Nyumbu to Marsh, no run flighted and drifting in on middle, Marsh nudges it towards square leg;
23.2;1;Nyumbu to Clarke, 1 run another solid sweep shot, with Clarke planting his front foot outside off and rolling his wrists to keep the ball down. Square leg though disappoints;
23.1;?;Nyumbu to Clarke, no run shuffles across to a good length ball and tucking it into the leg side;
22.6;?;Waller to Marsh, no run flatter in length, but the line is decent. Marsh though gets in line with it outside off;
22.5;?;Waller to Marsh, no run tossed up a little closer to off stump and the angle makes Marsh play a little across the line. Gets struck low on the pad, but the deviation would have taken the ball down;
22.4;1;Waller to Clarke, 1 run that's a half-tracker and Clarke uses the turn and hammers a pull to deep midwicket. Quick switch onto the back foot after pressing forward;
22.3;?;Waller to Clarke, no run flatter and still outside off, flicked into midwicket;
22.2;?;Waller to Clarke, no run good flight and the line is outside off, luring Clarke out onto his front foot to block carefully;
22.1;2;Waller to Clarke, 2 runs that's poor. Offers up a juicy full toss and Clarke has whipped it away through a diving square leg. The man in the deep though produces a better effort;
21.6;?;Nyumbu to Marsh, no run employs that sweep again, but the ball was a touch quicker. Couldn't adjust his bat swing and was struck on the pads, well outside the line of his stumps;
21.5;?;Nyumbu to Marsh, no run flighted and drifting away outside off, Marsh eases it towards cover point;
21.4;2;Nyumbu to Marsh, 2 runs swept from outside off again and this time Marsh has managed greater timing on the stroke. Deep square leg has his task cut out, and he does well;
21.3;1;Nyumbu to Clarke, 1 run nip down the track with his lightning feet and whips it to deep square leg from virtually miles outside off stump;
21.2;1;Nyumbu to Marsh, 1 run lunges forward and sweeps from outside off stump, lbw out of the picture and he brought his bat down from above to avoid top edges;
21.1;?;Nyumbu to Marsh, no run tossed up outside off, Marsh has to make sure he can get to the ball and smother it to midwicket;
20.6;?;Williams to Clarke, no run gets back and slaps a shortish delivery to point. Assured footwork from the Australia captain;
20.5;?;Williams to Clarke, no run good stride forward and he kept bat and pad together to defend a flighted ball on off stump;
20.4;1;Williams to Marsh, 1 run goes back having seen the ball not tossed up and tapped it to wide mid-on;
20.3;1;Williams to Clarke, 1 run lovely flight and drift, and Clarke battles it by keeping his front foot away and pushing down to long-off;
20.2;?;Williams to Clarke, no run shuffles back to protect all his stumps and defends a good length ball on off;
20.1;?;Williams to Clarke, no run slow turn from Williams, Clarke guides it towards point;
19.6;2;Nyumbu to Marsh, 2 runs hammers a sweep fine and is helped by the man at 45 degrees misfielding;
19.5;4;Nyumbu to Marsh, FOUR runs mid-off dives over it! That was a gorgeous stroke, especially with the ball turning and bouncing. Didn't over hit it, but he did ensure he was up to the pitch of it so that hitting against the turn wasn't a bother;
19.4;?;Nyumbu to Marsh, no run nips down the track but he can't quite get to the pitch. Doesn't mind wearing it on the pad having gone so far down and with short leg behind fine;
19.3;?;Nyumbu to Marsh, no run stays back to a flatter delivery and punches to short cover. Practices the same shot, with that straight bat a couple more times;
19.3;1w;Nyumbu to Marsh, 1 wide a little too much turn down the leg side and that puts him on the umpire's bad side;
19.2;?;Nyumbu to Marsh, no run lovely flight just outside off, Marsh lunges as far forward as he could and looks to flick into midwicket. Struck on the pad, but outside the line;
19.1;1;Nyumbu to Clarke, 1 run that's a little shorter which allows Clarke to stay back and tickle it behind square leg;
18.6;?;Williams to Marsh, no run fuller on off stump and he defends it back to the bowler;
18.5;?;Williams to Marsh, no run defends against the turn and thick edges goes towards cover;
18.4;?;Williams to Marsh, no run on middle and leg, pushed down to mid-on;
18.3;?;Williams to Marsh, no run once again! This pitched a bit closer to off and beat Marsh's edge with the turn again;
18.2;?;Williams to Marsh, no run beaten with the turn! Pitches it on middle and that turns sharply to beat the outside edge;
18.1;1;Williams to Clarke, 1 run on the leg stump, tucked to the leg side towards midwicket for one;
17.6;?;Nyumbu to Marsh, no run fuller outside off, he leans forward and blocks;
17.5;?;Nyumbu to Marsh, no run flighted outside off, he comes forward to defend it;
17.4;?;Nyumbu to Marsh, no run oh, put down again! Marsh flicked it with the turn from outside off to backward short leg where Mawoyo put down the low catch;
17.3;1;Nyumbu to Clarke, 1 run pitches it fuller outside off and he sweeps it to deep fine leg;
17.2;?;Nyumbu to Clarke, no run gets closer to the ball outside off and blocks it back;
17.1;?;Nyumbu to Clarke, no run flighted well outside off, cut off the back foot to backward point;
16.6;W;Waller to Maxwell, OUT knocked him this time, Maxwell also gone! Maxwell also plays inside the line for this ball that pitched outside off and came in, but it didn't come in that much and enough to hit the top of off stump as he looked to push it down the ground by closing the face of the bat;Glenn Maxwell b Waller 13 (14m 17b 1x4 1x6) SR: 76.47;
16.5;?;Waller to Maxwell, no run edged and put down! He was beaten outside off as he looked to drive, the edge went off the keeper on the pitch and he jumped forward but couldn't catch it on second attempt;
16.4;4;Waller to Maxwell, FOUR runs flat again outside off, Maxwell cuts hard and gets a thick outside edge which runs away to the boundary to the third man area;
16.3;?;Waller to Maxwell, no run touch shorter and flatter, it comes in and Maxwell helps it to short fine leg;
16.2;?;Waller to Maxwell, no run short of length outside off, Maxwell reverse sweeps it to backward point;
16.1;1;Waller to Clarke, 1 run low full toss outside off is pushed down to long-on;
15.6;?;Utseya to Maxwell, no run lobs off the pad after pitching on leg stump and the crowd cheers as leg slip catches it;
15.5;1;Utseya to Clarke, 1 run comes down the track and plays a cross-batted heave to deep midwicket;
15.4;1;Utseya to Maxwell, 1 run shorter this time and Maxwell tucks it off the hip to deep fine leg;
15.3;?;Utseya to Maxwell, no run beaten on the drive! Maxwell came forward and drove this one outside off but it didn't turn and went with the angle from round the wicket;
15.2;1;Utseya to Clarke, 1 run flatter and straighter on leg stump, tucked towards midwicket;
15.1;1;Utseya to Maxwell, 1 run fullish outside off, driven towards point where a misfield from Chatara concedes a run;
14.6;?;Williams to Clarke, no run beats him outside off this time by pitching it on length and with the turn;
14.5;?;Williams to Clarke, no run oh Clarke's lucky to get away with that! He went back to pull the short ball but it turned a long way outside off and he withdrew his shot, the ball took a thick edge and went in the air just wide of first slip;
14.4;?;Williams to Clarke, no run outside leg this time, Clarke takes it on the pad;
14.3;?;Williams to Clarke, no run similar length on the middle stump, he defends on the off side again;
14.2;?;Williams to Clarke, no run on middle stump now, Clarke blocks it back;
14.1;?;Williams to Clarke, no run appeal for lbw, not from the bowler though, it hit him after the turn in front of middle but pitched outside leg;
13.6;?;Utseya to Maxwell, no run turns in from length outside off as Maxwell takes a step forward and is hit on the pad;
13.5;1;Utseya to Clarke, 1 run bit of flight on middle and leg, helped with the turn to deep fine leg off the pad;
13.4;1;Utseya to Maxwell, 1 run fuller outside off, pushed down to long-off;
13.3;6;Utseya to Maxwell, SIX runs short this time and Maxwell is not going to spare these! He rocked back and smashed it to the midwicket boundary where there's nobody in the deep for four;
13.2;?;Utseya to Maxwell, no run on length outside off, he leans forward and defends;
13.1;1;Utseya to Clarke, 1 run back of length outside off, tapped to deep backward square leg with the turn;
12.6;?;Williams to Maxwell, no run full on the leg stump again, thick outside edge goes to point;
12.5;?;Williams to Maxwell, no run length delivery outside leg, he sweeps and is hit on the pad;
12.4;?;Williams to Maxwell, no run beaten outside off as Maxwell looks to push it on off;
12.3;?;Williams to Maxwell, no run full on the leg stump, Maxwell blocks it back;
12.2;W;Williams to Bailey, OUT and another, and what a beauty from Williams this time! Bailey stood outside the leg stump and exposed the stumps for the delivery that drifted in with the angle but spun enough to beat the outside edge as Bailey played inside the line off the backfoot. The Zimbabwe spinners are putting their team on top as Bailey looked back in disbelief seeing that ball turn;George Bailey b Williams 1 (4m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 20;
12.1;?;Williams to Bailey, no run right on the middle stump, Bailey leans forward and blocks;
11.6;1;Utseya to Bailey, 1 run goes back this time for the shorter delivery and it keeps low, thick edge goes behind square on off and he's off the mark;
11.5;?;Utseya to Bailey, no run uses his feet again and defends it back to the bowler this time;
11.4;?;Utseya to Bailey, no run comes down on the first ball and defends it from outside off to cover;
11.3;W;Utseya to Hughes, OUT he's been done by the spin and the sweep doesn't work this time! It was flighted on length just outside off, Hughes swept against the turn and an edge flew back towards slip where Nyumbu took it towards his right. He looked uneasy against the spinners right from the start;Phillip Hughes c Nyumbu b Utseya 10 (43m 30b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
11.2;1;Utseya to Clarke, 1 run sharp turn as Clarke goes back and it turned a long way from outside off to go down the leg side off the bat;
11.1;2;Utseya to Clarke, 2 runs comes down the track and clears the infield with the drive. He didn't middle that one but got two;
10.6;?;Williams to Hughes, no run uncomfortable length just outside off and Hughes looks to defend but is beaten by the turn and gets one on the pad;
10.5;?;Williams to Hughes, no run flighted outside off, drives it with the turn to mid-on;
10.4;1;Williams to Clarke, 1 run touch shorter on leg stump, tucked away to square leg after the turn;
10.3;1;Williams to Hughes, 1 run sees some flight and sweeps it from off for one;
10.2;2;Williams to Hughes, 2 runs turns it in from outside off, Hughes helps it behind square on the leg side;
10.1;1;Williams to Clarke, 1 run starts with a shortish length outside off, Clarke swats it down to long-off;
9.6;?;Utseya to Hughes, no run tossed up outside off, cuts it off the back foot to backward point;
9.5;2;Utseya to Hughes, 2 runs on the leg stump again and Hughes is happy to drive it between midwicket and mid-on for two more;
9.4;?;Utseya to Hughes, no run goes on the back foot again and cuts it late to short third man;
9.3;?;Utseya to Hughes, no run tossed up outside off, rocks back to cut but it hits silly point;
9.2;2;Utseya to Hughes, 2 runs full on the leg stump and Hughes flicks it off the pad to deep midwicket for two;
9.1;1;Utseya to Clarke, 1 run comes down the track and tucks it with the turn to midwicket for a quick single;
8.6;1;Tiripano to Clarke, 1 run wider outside off this time and Clarke runs it down to third man for one;
8.5;?;Tiripano to Clarke, no run he goes for the drive but the seam movement off length outside off takes a thick inside edge to go to the leg side. Looked like a wobbly seam there;
8.4;?;Tiripano to Clarke, no run banged in again outside off, Clarke defends off the back foot to short cover;
8.3;?;Tiripano to Clarke, no run on length and coming in a touch, Clarke drives it to short midwicket;
8.2;?;Tiripano to Clarke, no run back of length just outside off, Clarke defends it towards point;
8.1;4;Tiripano to Clarke, FOUR runs starts with one on leg stump and Clarke puts it away rather easily off the pads to the midwicket boundary for four;
7.6;?;Utseya to Hughes, no run on off stump and a touch shorter, he cuts off the back foot this time;
7.5;?;Utseya to Hughes, no run troubling Hughes - bounces off length outside off and went in the air before falling well short of cover point;
7.4;1;Utseya to Clarke, 1 run on middle and leg, tucked behind square on leg side with the turn;
7.3;1;Utseya to Hughes, 1 run slightly straight on off stump, Hughes turns it towards midwicket for one;
7.2;?;Utseya to Hughes, no run keeps low this one after pitching on length and Hughes pushed it to cover;
7.1;?;Utseya to Hughes, no run slightly short and wide, cut off the back foot to backward point off the back foot;
6.6;?;Chatara to Clarke, no run better line - towards off stump from length, Clarke defends it to mid-on;
6.5;2;Chatara to Clarke, 2 runs full on leg again, tucked away to deep fine leg with the angle for two;
6.4;?;Chatara to Clarke, no run full on middle and leg this time, driven straight to mid-on where there's a fumble but no time for a run;
6.3;?;Chatara to Clarke, no run length delivery with a bit of shape outside off, pushed to cover;
6.2;?;Chatara to Clarke, no run short and wide this time, cut with the bottom edge to short cover;
6.1;?;Chatara to Clarke, no run pretty full outside off and Clarke drives it to cover point at the edge of the circle;

Prosper Utseya replaces Nyumbu
 Innings Start
Superb win for Zimbabwe but the test gets tougher. People will expect more from them. Next game is South Africa v Australia and we will be back for that. Thanks for your comments and feedback. On behalf of Vishal Fixit, Galappan Muthu, this is Fevashish Duloria signing off. Ciao ciao.
Elton Chigumbura is the Man of the Match. He says, "I had to be there till the end. The most important thing was to stay calm. The guys worked very hard for this and supporters were behind us throughout. Today we showed some improvement. We just have to keep working. Hopefully we will have another good game on Thursday. Prosper came in and said he wanted to be positive. That was good for me because I could try and stay there."
Celebration tonight? "I have to ask the coach for that," quips Chiggy.
"Definitely not enough runs. But credit to Zimbabwe," says Michael Clarke. "They bowled well and batted well. We lost the match during our innings. And Zimbabwe showed us how to play spin. We have to make sure we are switched on for our next match against South Africa." Clarke also says that he will be flying back to Australia in the next 24 hours to work on his fitness.
Catch the flight to Harare for the party and join the Zimbabweans. The crowd has gone wild, the players have gone wild. They are all on the field to embrace Chiggy and Prosper. What a partnership this has been? 55 runs.. Superb knock by the captain - he stayed calm through the innings there. Who doesn't love the big brother getting a kick up the backside. It was not an easy target and Australia were into it with a spell of four wicket from Nathan Lyon.. but then that last partnership was nothing less than heroic. Utseya couldn't do it in the last match despite a hat-trick but makes up this time with a smoking hit off the last ball.
"A bit tired but I am loving with the moment," says Prosper Utseya. "A big win. I told him that I was going to play positive and look to score otherwise the pressure gets to you. We are going to celebrate tonight. Very pleasing to cross the line, we have worked really hard for this."
"After the talks about the role of coach etc, The win tops everything. We bowled differently. We have different roles and we executed them well," says Nyumbu
"Great series so far and great to be over the line," says Brendan Taylor, who wasn't born when Zimbabwe beat Australia last time. Stephen Mangongo is all smiles too.. he needed this win desperately too.
Australia have now lost two in a row. They scored 327 and lost. Scored 209 and lost. This is at least good for the tournament which was looking horribly two-sided to start with.
ZCFOutkast: "AUS indiscipline hrough extras helped yes, but in most grounds a lot of those twos and threes would've been boundaries. Much maligned Mangongo's Zimbabwe have been excellent!"
Tom: "As an Australian I have nothing but congrats for the 'Babs! The more competitive sides in international cricket, the better. I hope this victory sets you up for a big future"
Tess: "Number 10 ranked team defeating Number 1 ranked team #humiliating"
47.6;6;Starc to Utseya, SIX runs U T S E Y AAAAAA! Smokes it over deep midwicket for a massive hit.. Zimbabwe have beaten Australia after 31 years...!!!;
47.5;1;Starc to Chigumbura, 1 run another good yorker, this time it is steered down to third man for a single;
47.4;?;Starc to Chigumbura, no run fires in a good old-fashioned yorker, not much one can do about it;
47.3;3;Starc to Utseya, 3 runs swings at this full delivery and gets a solid piece of wood on that.. He was aiming for downtown Harare, but gets it behind deep square leg off the inside half.. The fielder saves the boundary.. but the match is slipping away;
47.2;?;Starc to Utseya, no run fuller delivery, sliced to point. No runs this time;
47.1;?;Starc to Utseya, no run Bailey almost pulls off a blinder at cover! Dives to his right but just couldn't slide his finder underneath this.. It was a high full-toss and the batsman ended up lobbing it towards short mid-off;
46.6;1;Clarke to Utseya, 1 run tossed up on the stumps, Utseya flicks it through cover for a single ..;
46.5;1;Clarke to Chigumbura, 1 run some width outside off and Chiggy punches it to deep cover to bring the 200;
46.4;?;Clarke to Chigumbura, no run what a corker! Where was he hiding all this while? Tossed up, and it turns and bounces past the shoulder of the bat.;
46.3;?;Clarke to Chigumbura, no run slower and on a length, the batsman cuts this one hard but finds the man at backward point;
46.2;?;Clarke to Chigumbura, no run superb delivery! Slower, flighted, grips the surface and turns past the defensive prod;
46.1;?;Clarke to Chigumbura, no run full and on the middle stump, the batsman pushes it to mid off;
45.6;?;Faulkner to Utseya, no run slower bouncer, the batsman looks to upper cut it but makes no contact;
45.5;?;Faulkner to Utseya, no run a slower slow very slow yorker, the batsman digs this on the pitch;
45.4;4;Faulkner to Utseya, FOUR runs whoa!!! Mid-on is up and as soon as Faulkner serves up the length ball, Prosper hammers it over the infield.. they are not going to let this go;
45.3;?;Faulkner to Utseya, no run that's an excellent yorker and it somehow misses the off stump.. the batsman was too late to bring the bat down;
45.2;1;Faulkner to Chigumbura, 1 run he reaches his half-century with a punch through cover point! Raises his bat..the crowd knows the captain is their hero... they are all behind him;
45.1;?;Faulkner to Chigumbura, no run back of length delivery on off, the batsman defends it calmly to the off side;
44.6;1;Starc to Chigumbura, 1 run a misfield at backward point by Maxwell gives another single.. This was a slower ball and it was just pushed softly.. He lets it bounce under his hands..;
44.5;?;Starc to Chigumbura, no run length delivery on off, the batsman comes forward and pushes it to cover;
44.4;?;Starc to Chigumbura, no run fuller on the stumps, Chiggy comes forward and defends.. The man is not panicking..;
44.3;1;Starc to Utseya, 1 run length delivery on the stumps, loud cheers as Utseya nudges it to square leg for a single. You would think these are being smoked for sixes here.. it's loud.. it's energetic;
44.2;2;Starc to Utseya, 2 runs fuller delivery outside off and Utseya slices it behind point.. This is getting close to the boundary but Cutting dives to save a couple;
44.1;3;Starc to Chigumbura, 3 runs it's running away.. This is blasted through cover off the front foot. He hit it on the up.. The man from deep cover has to run a long way to cut that boundary off;
43.6;?;Faulkner to Utseya, no run he comes forward and punches it firmly to the off side but Bailey dives to his left to prevent the single;
43.5;?;Faulkner to Utseya, no run slower delivery on the stumps, the batsman is foxed by it but defends it down the pitch;
43.5;2nb;Faulkner to Chigumbura, (no ball) 1 run here comes the back of the hand slower delivery and Faulkner - and everyone- goes up in appeal for an lbw.. but then he has overstepped big time. But prior to that he had flicked the stumps, which was why it was called a no-ball. No free hit for that;
43.4;?;Faulkner to Chigumbura, no run fired on the blockhole, dug out down the pitch;
43.3;?;Faulkner to Chigumbura, no run length delivery outside off, Chiggy is calm as he pushes this back to the bowler;
43.2;3;Faulkner to Utseya, 3 runs marginally short! Utseya had his eyes at the gap at midwicket and he pulls it hard through the region.. Deep square leg has to run around and slides to keep this in.. Excellent placement from Utseya;
43.1;?;Faulkner to Utseya, no run he looks to run this down to third man but this zips past the outside edge;
42.6;?;Marsh to Chigumbura, no run gets on top of this shortish delivery and chops it to backward point;
42.5;3;Marsh to Utseya, 3 runs go white ball go, the crowd seems to be egging it.. Prosper opens the face to place this push beautifully in the gap at point..;
42.4;?;Marsh to Utseya, no run well done Prosper.. he comes forward and defends;
42.3;1;Marsh to Chigumbura, 1 run shortish delivery on the stumps, he clips it behind square for a single;
42.3;1w;Marsh to Chigumbura, 1 wide the slower bouncer outside off, the batsman watches it go through the keeper.. Aleem Dar thinks it's high enough for a wide.. and rightly so;
42.2;?;Marsh to Chigumbura, no run short of length delivery on off, the batsman hops on the crease and defends;
42.1;4;Marsh to Chigumbura, FOUR runs here is the first one.. Chiggy waits for this length ball and just opens the face at the last moment to run it down past the keeper.. A bit of an outside edge but this looked like it was intended;
41.6;1;Maxwell to Chigumbura, 1 run flatter on the stumps, he picks up the single to square leg to keep the strike;
41.5;?;Maxwell to Chigumbura, no run he was in trouble there! Drives the half-volley straight to mid-off and sets off for a single.. Turns back and has to dive to get back in.. A little straighter throw would have had him. It was a full-length dive.. Just gets back in time.;
41.4;2;Maxwell to Chigumbura, 2 runs he uses his feet and drives this one wide of long on to pick up another couple;
41.3;?;Maxwell to Chigumbura, no run pushed through on the stumps, defended to midwicket;
41.2;2;Maxwell to Chigumbura, 2 runs he whips it off his toes to square leg for a single.. but another fumble .. Lyon this time.. and they come back for a second;
41.1;?;Maxwell to Chigumbura, no run tossed up on the stumps, pushed to midwicket;
40.6;?;Cutting to Utseya, no run he wants a single off the last ball with a push to cover, but turns back in time as Maxwell gets to it;
40.5;?;Cutting to Utseya, no run cracks that really hard off the front foot! But he has found the man at point.. A meter here or a meter there, that would have run away;
40.4;1;Cutting to Chigumbura, 1 run he leans forward and punches this on the up to deep cover for a single;
40.3;?;Cutting to Chigumbura, no run he comes forward and defends the length delivery to point;
40.2;1;Cutting to Utseya, 1 run angles in this one from wide of the crease and Prosper flicks it nonchalantly off his hips to fine leg;
40.1;?;Cutting to Utseya, no run he walks down the pitch and flicks the fuller delivery to midwicket;
39.6;?;Maxwell to Chigumbura, no run he comes forward and punches this solidly down the pitch, straight to the bowler;
39.5;?;Maxwell to Chigumbura, no run he clips this to short fine and briefly thinks of a single, but turns it down;
39.4;2;Maxwell to Chigumbura, 2 runs stays back and works it away to deep square leg for a couple as Faulkner fumbles;
39.3;1;Maxwell to Utseya, 1 run stays on the back foot and punches it to long on for a single;
39.2;?;Maxwell to Utseya, no run defends this down the pitch;
39.1;?;Maxwell to Utseya, no run;
38.6;1;Starc to Utseya, 1 run fuller on the pads, Utseya keeps strike with a clip down to fine leg;
38.6;1w;Starc to Utseya, 1 wide appeal for caught behind as Haddin takes this down the leg side, there was some noise as the ball went past the batsman.. Dar calls it a wide.. but it looks like it might have flicked something on the way;
38.5;4;Starc to Utseya, FOUR runs oh hello! Short and wide and Utseya is not going to let that go unpunished.. Whacks it through point with a powerful cut shot;
38.4;?;Starc to Utseya, no run more solid defence. He needs to do more of this to help Chiggy out here;
38.3;?;Starc to Utseya, no run shows some solid front-foot defence, pushes it to cover;
38.3;1w;Starc to Utseya, 1 wide angles this too far down the leg side, one run less off the target for Zim;
38.2;W;Starc to Tiripano, OUT he chops it on to his middle stump! Chiggy's trusted Tiripano's batting but he gets cramped by the angle from round the wicket, looks to defend off the back foot but gets a thick inside edge;Donald Tiripano b Starc 3 (19m 12b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
38.1;1;Starc to Chigumbura, 1 run he waits on the back foot and runs the back of length delivery down to third man for a single;
37.6;?;Maxwell to Tiripano, no run comes forward and defends the fuller delivery to off;
37.5;?;Maxwell to Tiripano, no run a reverse-sweep attempted! But he he just kills the ball on the pitch..too full;
37.4;2;Maxwell to Tiripano, 2 runs he has got a leg slip in place for Tiripano but pushes it too far outside off, the batsman is able to run it down past first slip for a few runs;
37.3;1;Maxwell to Chigumbura, 1 run waits in the crease and nudges the pushed through delivery to square leg for a single;
37.2;?;Maxwell to Chigumbura, no run fuller delivery on the pads and Chiggy goes for a sweep but misses, gets hit on the pads;
37.1;?;Maxwell to Chigumbura, no run he pushes this in the air off the back foot, wasn't too far from midwicket threre;
36.6;?;Starc to Tiripano, no run rolls his fingers on this fuller delivery but Tiripano goes well to keep it out, defends it down the pitch;
36.5;?;Starc to Tiripano, no run shortish delivery on the stumps, the batsman chops it to the right of first slip;
36.4;1;Starc to Chigumbura, 1 run fuller delivery on the stumps, the batsman squeezes it out towards point and calls for a quick single;
36.4;1w;Starc to Chigumbura, 1 wide this is angled too far away from the batsman. Aleem Dar gets some stretching excercise;
36.3;1lb;Starc to Tiripano, 1 leg bye drifts on to the pads and Tiripano gets cheered for bringing Chiggy back on strike with a flick to fine leg. That cheer could have been for Zim reaching 150;
36.2;?;Starc to Tiripano, no run quick and it cuts slightly away from the batsman to fizz past the outside edge;
36.1;?;Starc to Tiripano, no run starts off with a widish length delivery and Tiripano leaves it alone;
35.6;?;Maxwell to Chigumbura, no run he is not able to thread this through off, hits it to the fielder at cover and loses strike for the next over;
35.5;?;Maxwell to Chigumbura, no run he waits on the back foot and punches it back to the bowler;
35.4;?;Maxwell to Chigumbura, no run some turn and it hits the pads, but this was heading down leg side;
35.3;?;Maxwell to Chigumbura, no run on the stumps this time, the batsman defends to the leg side;
35.2;4;Maxwell to Chigumbura, FOUR runs they love it, they all love it! This is beautifully hit through cover. Maxwell looped it outside off and served the half-volley and Chiggy was on to it;
35.1;?;Maxwell to Chigumbura, no run the sliver hammer continues from round the wicket, the batsman nudges it towards short fine leg;
34.6;1;Cutting to Chigumbura, 1 run back of length delivery outside off, he cuts it down to third man for a single to keep the strike;
34.5;1;Cutting to Tiripano, 1 run he gets into a tangle as he fends at this shortish delivery, it hits the handle of the bat and lobs up behind him.. a little to the left of Haddin. They take a quick single;
34.4;?;Cutting to Tiripano, no run he comes forward and defends the length delivery solidly to point;
34.3;1;Cutting to Chigumbura, 1 run shorter delivery from Cutting, the batsman waits on the back foot and steers it to third man;
34.2;?;Cutting to Chigumbura, no run he comes forward and defends this one straight down the pitch, off the inside half of the bat;
34.1;?;Cutting to Chigumbura, no run bowls a length ball on off, punched to cover;
33.6;?;Maxwell to Tiripano, no run he comes round the wicket and fires it on the stumps, the batsman defends;
33.5;W;Maxwell to Waller, OUT throws his head back in agony as he he gifts his wicket away! That was slower again from Maxwell, tossed up outside off. He tried to work it with the turn towards midwicket, but the ball grips enough to make him lob a simple catch back;Malcolm Waller c & b Maxwell 11 (46m 39b 1x4 0x6) SR: 28.2;
33.4;4;Maxwell to Waller, FOUR runs that's his best shot of the day. Enjoys the shorter length, makes some room outside off and cuts it to the left of cover. Pummeled;
33.3;?;Maxwell to Waller, no run tossed up on the stumps again, a lot slower, Waller blocks;
33.2;?;Maxwell to Waller, no run that's better, earns a clap from his captain as he flights the ball on off stump and keeps the batsman to a forward defensive;
33.1;3;Maxwell to Chigumbura, 3 runs backs away and taps a short ball through cover point. That's not the length a spinner should be bowling on this pitch, even if Maxwell has switched over the wicket. Clarke wasn't happy at slip either;
32.6;2;Cutting to Waller, 2 runs picked up the short ball early and pulled it straight of midwicket. No real timing, but there was enough to clear the circle;
32.5;?;Cutting to Waller, no run the legcutter this time and he beats Waller all ends up. Wonderfully disguised and pushed fuller on off stump, lures Waller to chase after it with an angled face. Not far away from off stump either;
32.4;?;Cutting to Waller, no run that was a touch slower on middle and off, Waller nudges to midwicket;
32.3;?;Cutting to Waller, no run shuffles across on off stump and taps the good length ball to mid-on;
32.2;1;Cutting to Chigumbura, 1 run keeps to his crease and guides a short of a good length ball to third man. Neatly done;
32.1;?;Cutting to Chigumbura, no run shortish and outside off, Chigumbura stands up tall and punches to cover;
31.6;1;Maxwell to Chigumbura, 1 run flatter but on the pads, he goes back and flicks with comfort to deep square leg;
31.5;2;Maxwell to Chigumbura, 2 runs tossed up outside off, Chigumbura caresses it through the covers for a couple of runs;
31.4;1;Maxwell to Waller, 1 run tossed up on middle, Waller whips it away to deep midwicket;
31.3;2;Maxwell to Waller, 2 runs drops it short and Waller has scooped it over square leg. He's starting to display a little more aggression;
31.2;?;Maxwell to Waller, no run goes back to assess the turn off a flighted ball outside off, rides it to short fine leg;
31.1;1;Maxwell to Chigumbura, 1 run flighted on leg stump, picked away through midwicket, who is now being brought up in the circle;
30.6;?;Faulkner to Waller, no run full again on off stump, he sets up for a punch down the ground but can't beat the fielder at mid-off;
30.5;?;Faulkner to Waller, no run ventures fuller in length, Waller watches it carefully and pushes down to mid-off. He's trying as hard as he can, but he's had a difficult outing with the bat today;
30.4;?;Faulkner to Waller, no run good length ball on off stump, Waller gets forward to block;
30.3;3;Faulkner to Chigumbura, 3 runs banged in a little too short, Chigumbura slaps it in front of point as hard as he can;
30.2;?;Faulkner to Chigumbura, no run again, this is closer to off stump, demanding that he plays. Chigumbura is tentative and that lack of intent beats him.;
30.1;?;Faulkner to Chigumbura, no run pokes at a short of a good length ball outside off, low percentage shot and he realies that as he is beaten;
29.6;?;Lyon to Waller, no run backs away and cuts a shortish ball into the covers, ends his spell with a dot ball. Changed the game on its head and trots off to field in the deep.;
29.5;?;Lyon to Waller, no run flighted just outside off stump, he gets forward to block;
29.4;1;Lyon to Chigumbura, 1 run gets down the track to work a tossed up ball to deep midwicket. They look for two, but Marsh is on the ball too quickly;
29.3;1;Lyon to Waller, 1 run gets back and pulls on one foot to deep fine leg, a little too short from Lyon on that occasion;
29.2;?;Lyon to Waller, no run a little more bounce on a good length ball that Waller tries to tickle fine;
29.1;1;Lyon to Chigumbura, 1 run that's been a regular occurrence, sweeps a flighted ball from outside off all along the ground to deep square leg;
29.1;1w;Lyon to Chigumbura, 1 wide strays down the leg side with a good length ball.;
28.6;?;Faulkner to Waller, no run shortish on off stump, Waller looks for a single towards point but he steers it straight to the fielder. That off side ring is swooping quite ferociously.;
28.5;?;Faulkner to Waller, no run fuller and pushed across Waller, who wants nothing to do with it;
28.4;1;Faulkner to Chigumbura, 1 run brings this one back in off a fuller length, just about enough to gain the inside edge from Chigumbura. Single towards fine leg;
28.3;?;Faulkner to Chigumbura, no run back of a length and on off stump, Chigumbura uses an angled face to tap the ball square on the off side;
28.2;?;Faulkner to Chigumbura, no run good length on off stump, Chigumbura blocks resolutely;
28.1;?;Faulkner to Chigumbura, no run back of a length and outside off, steered towards point;
27.6;?;Lyon to Waller, no run shorter and quicker on off stump, Waller's far more comfortable with the block;
27.5;?;Lyon to Waller, no run whips a slower, flighted ball from outside off to mid-on. Lyon's slower pace almost deceived him enough to lob to the man;
27.4;?;Lyon to Waller, no run flights it even further outside off and Waller pushes with his hands into the covers;
27.3;?;Lyon to Waller, no run;
27.2;?;Lyon to Waller, no run again, lures the cover drive again and it ends up an inside edge onto pad. Dangerous shot with the dip and turn of Lyon on this pitch;
27.1;?;Lyon to Waller, no run flighted outside off and it invites the drive through the covers, gets an inside edge to mid-on;
26.6;?;Faulkner to Chigumbura, no run pushes it fuller on off stump, and Chigumbura makes a late decision to block it.;
26.5;?;Faulkner to Chigumbura, no run back of a length and going on with the angle across the right-hander, tapped away behind point;
26.4;?;Faulkner to Chigumbura, no run short of a good length on off stump, Chigumbura keeps it out of his stumps;
26.3;1;Faulkner to Waller, 1 run gets the ball to nip back in a little bit, the defensive push ends up an inside edge towards square leg;
26.2;?;Faulkner to Waller, no run back of a length and outside off, not quite far enough to entertain the cut that Waller goes for. Beaten;
26.1;?;Faulkner to Waller, no run good length ball just outside off, left alone;
25.6;2b;Lyon to Chigumbura, 2 byes how did that miss! Haddin can't believe it either and it ends up two byes! That nearly shaved off stump as he went back, thinking the ball was short enough to cut. It might have been, but the turn removed any room required for the shot. Chigumbura surviving on the edge here;
25.5;4;Lyon to Chigumbura, FOUR runs jumps down again and lifts the tossed up delivery over long-on. Surveys it with a bit of disdain;
25.4;?;Lyon to Chigumbura, no run forces Lyon to pull his length back and that changes the batsman's plans as well. Settles into a defensive push, but the turn beats the inside edge to hit him on the pads. Too much turn for the leg before appeal;
25.3;4;Lyon to Chigumbura, FOUR runs leaves them all in his dust as he jumps down the ground and hammers a flighted delivery away to long-on.;
25.2;W;Lyon to Williams, OUT what a catch! Clarke, take a bow! That was tossed up on off stump which elicits a little more bounce to ruin Williams' reverse sweep. It takes the glove, flicks the keeper's gloves and Clarke leaps to his right and clings on to a stunner over his head;Sean Williams c Clarke b Lyon 4 (8m 5b 1x4 0x6) SR: 80;
25.1;4;Lyon to Williams, FOUR runs those three men around his bat, right in his eyeline, means he knows there's no one at third man. Reaches out as he reverses the grip on his bat and clubs him to the third man boundary;
24.6;?;Starc to Waller, no run good length ball outside off, watchfully left alone to the keeper;
24.5;?;Starc to Waller, no run that's another ripper from Starc, hits the deck and seams away past the outside edge with Waller forced to hang his bat. Lovely line and the captain appreciates it from first slip;
24.4;?;Starc to Waller, no run back of a length and a shade outside off, defended;
24.3;?;Starc to Waller, no run goes with an off cutter and the direction is good. Waller is pushed back and blocks;
24.2;?;Starc to Waller, no run shortish and outside off, Waller chases after it with a cut and is beaten;
24.1;?;Starc to Waller, no run back of a good length on off stump, defends solidly enough;
23.6;?;Lyon to Williams, no run brings him forward with a flighted delivery that is eased towards mid-off;
23.5;?;Lyon to Williams, no run defends from the back foot;
23.4;?;Lyon to Williams, no run and that ball brings them all into play. Good length ball on off stump but he stays back to block;
23.3;W;Lyon to Taylor, OUT you little beauty! He's got through Taylor and off stump gets a thwack again! Gorgeous loop on the ball which lured Taylor as far forward as he could, but then it dipped on him and sneaks between bat and pad as he goes for a flick. He was so off balance that he needed to pull one hand off the bat to steady himself on the pitch;Brendan Taylor b Lyon 32 (38m 26b 5x4 0x6) SR: 123.07;
23.2;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run goes back, watches the turn and plays with it to short leg;
23.1;2;Lyon to Taylor, 2 runs flighted on middle, he leans forward and flicks through midwicket;
22.6;?;Starc to Waller, no run fuller and outside off, Waller allows it to sail through to the keeper;
22.5;?;Starc to Waller, no run back of a length, teasing for the outside edge. Waller isn't forthcoming as he hoists his bat high above his head;
22.4;?;Starc to Waller, no run stays on the back foot and eases a short of a good length ball to cover point;
22.3;?;Starc to Waller, no run full and sliding across the right hander, driven into the covers;
22.2;W;Starc to Masakadza, OUT off stump toppled! He's been beaten for pace! This was quick, it was on target, with a hint of nip back in. Masakadza's defence is loose as his bat leads far past his body and is cut in half;Hamilton Masakadza b Starc 18 (43m 35b 1x4 1x6) SR: 51.42;
22.1;?;Starc to Masakadza, no run shortish and just a shade outside off, tapped down into the off side;
21.6;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run stays back to tickle a shortish ball off his pads, but this time he finds short fine leg;
21.5;1;Lyon to Masakadza, 1 run good length ball, quicker on middle, tucked away through midwicket;
21.4;?;Lyon to Masakadza, no run thats Zimbabwe's hundred, and the crowd like it. So does the coach, if those slow claps are an indication. Pushed to long-on;
21.3;?;Lyon to Masakadza, no run looped up outside off and Masakadza reaches for it with a defensive bat and pushes into the covers;
21.2;1;Lyon to Taylor, 1 run tossed up a lot more on middle, defended calmly;
21.1;4;Lyon to Taylor, FOUR runs serenely played. There was leg slip, there was a short fine leg but they were both useless as Taylor sweeps along the ground and well past their reach;
20.6;?;Maxwell to Masakadza, no run flighted on and around leg stump, Masakadza shuffled across and pushes his bat in front of his pads;
20.5;?;Maxwell to Masakadza, no run finds a good length and it goes on with the arm. it was the line that troubled the batsman, pushing on outside the off stump;
20.4;?;Maxwell to Masakadza, no run flicks away off a good length to square leg;
20.4;5w;Maxwell to Masakadza, 5 wide this hits the footmarks on leg stump and turns away further quite sharply. Masakadza simply watches it and his team enjoys five wides;
20.3;?;Maxwell to Masakadza, no run this angle from around the wicket might be stifling, but not quite putting the batsman in any discomfort. Easy ticked to midwicket;
20.2;?;Maxwell to Masakadza, no run flighted a bit more outside off, he drives to cover;
20.1;?;Maxwell to Masakadza, no run flatter and quicker on off stump, easy decision for Masakadza to stay back and tuck to midwicket;
19.6;1;Lyon to Masakadza, 1 run wristy, very wristy as this was pitched up outside off and dealt with to deep midwicket;
19.5;1;Lyon to Taylor, 1 run good footwork from Taylor, went right back on off stump to tap the ball on top of the bounce between short leg and leg slip;
19.4;1;Lyon to Masakadza, 1 run realises this wasn't pitched up and hugs to his crease, strong wrists clips the ball away to long-on;
19.3;1;Lyon to Taylor, 1 run leans forward and clips a tossed up delivery past the right of short leg, it was in the air though.;
19.2;1;Lyon to Masakadza, 1 run stays back and flicks a good length ball away to deep square leg;
19.1;?;Lyon to Masakadza, no run flighted on off stump, draws Masakadza out of his crease but since he cant get to the pitch, he defends;
18.6;1;Maxwell to Masakadza, 1 run a little flatter in length and its been tapped down the ground;
18.5;?;Maxwell to Masakadza, no run flighted on off stump, Masakadza eases it into the covers;
18.4;1;Maxwell to Taylor, 1 run flatter and quicker on middle, Taylor shuffles across and tickles in front of square leg;
18.3;1;Maxwell to Masakadza, 1 run another paddle with no short fine leg. Didn't worry about hitting the flighted ball on leg stump in the air either;
18.2;?;Maxwell to Masakadza, no run goes back to defend a good length ball that doesn't turn a lot;
18.2;3w;Maxwell to Masakadza, 3 wide flighted on leg stump, Masakadza gets down on one-knee and sweeps it quite fine, so much that it deflects off the keeper's gloves;
18.1;1;Maxwell to Taylor, 1 run pushed through on leg stump, tucked away behind square leg;
17.6;?;Lyon to Masakadza, no run lunges forward on off stump to defend and wears it on the pad again. Another appeal, another denial.;
17.5;?;Lyon to Masakadza, no run good length ball probing his middle and leg stump, Masakadza shuffles across and tickles it away to short leg;
17.4;?;Lyon to Masakadza, no run huuuge appeal, twin stage appeal but Lyon does not get his man. This was tossed up around off stump and then turned in to strike him low enough on the pad. The umpire through is wary of the turn and the stride forward and says no;
17.3;?;Lyon to Masakadza, no run pulls the length back, but it is still slower and it grips into the deck and loops up off the inside edge, front pad and falls a few yards short of the onrushing short fine leg;
17.2;4;Lyon to Masakadza, FOUR runs a little too much flight there as he searches for some rip, ends up offering exactly what Masakadza wanted a she laces a drive through extra cover with great authority;
17.1;?;Lyon to Masakadza, no run tossed up outside off, Masakadza kicks it away and weathers an optimistic appeal;
16.6;4;Finch to Taylor, FOUR runs encore, and this has been timed even better. No bother to keep it down as he got the pitch and launched the overpitched ball into the long-on boundary;
16.5;4;Finch to Taylor, FOUR runs mid-on is still in the circle, and Taylor takes advantage this time. Tossed up on middle, he clears his front leg and hoists him for a one-bounce four;
16.4;1;Finch to Masakadza, 1 run fires it in quick and flat on leg stump, Masakadza is up for it as he tickles it to short midwicket and races across to the other end.;
16.3;6;Finch to Masakadza, SIX runs that's the risk you take with a part-timer, it's short, it sat up and it's been massacred over long-on. Pure power;
16.2;1;Finch to Taylor, 1 run goes back and punches a shortish ball through extra cover;
16.1;?;Finch to Taylor, no run nicely flighted on middle, Taylor blocks;
15.6;1;Lyon to Taylor, 1 run lovely flight and drift outside off, Taylor works it to the right of mid-on;
15.5;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run goes back seeing this a touch shorter and tries to turn it around the corner, short leg dives to his right to stop it;
15.4;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run tossed up just outside off, gets forward and blocks;
15.3;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run flighted outside off, nudged to short leg;
15.2;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run goes back to a good length ball, that was slower through the air. Good job he got bat to that;
15.1;4;Lyon to Taylor, FOUR runs flighted outside off, Taylor likes that length though as he lunges forward and sweeps him past the right of the short fine leg. All along the ground, and he beats deep square leg as well. Prompts Bailey to move him finer;
14.6;?;Finch to Masakadza, no run stands up tall and punches towards extra cover, but Finch himself races after it and sends in a throw that makes the batsman duck for cover;
14.5;1;Finch to Taylor, 1 run looped up, perhaps a little too much. Driven to long-off;
14.4;1;Finch to Masakadza, 1 run sees a little more flight and gets into the sweep, didn't time it as well enough though. Australia though that was off the pad;
14.3;?;Finch to Masakadza, no run good length ball on off stump, Masakadza stays to the crease and punches it back down the pitch;
14.2;1;Finch to Taylor, 1 run slower through the air on middle and leg, Taylor works it towards the vacant square leg region;
14.1;?;Finch to Taylor, no run tossed up on middle, Taylor defends;
13.6;1;Lyon to Taylor, 1 run taps to midwicket for a quick single and makes it in time;
13.5;4;Lyon to Taylor, FOUR runs tossed up outside off and Taylor sweeps it fine down leg with a big stride and gets off the mark with a four;
13.4;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run;
13.3;W;Lyon to Mawoyo, OUT gets him this time! The ball comes in from outside off, Mawoyo doesn't have much room but he wants to cut it and gets an inside edge onto the off stump. Lyon gets another;Tino Mawoyo b Lyon 15 (60m 44b 1x4 0x6) SR: 34.09;
13.2;?;Lyon to Mawoyo, no run loud appeal for lbw but the ball pitched outside off and as he padded it, it struck him pretty high on the pads;
13.1;?;Lyon to Mawoyo, no run goes back to steer the ball to leg but it doesn't turn that much;
12.6;?;Cutting to Masakadza, no run back of length outside off, tapped towards point off the back foot;
12.5;1;Cutting to Mawoyo, 1 run slow and short, a leg cutter, pulled past midwicket for one;
12.4;?;Cutting to Mawoyo, no run bouncer angled in very sharply towards the batsman and he does well to sway out of the line;
12.3;?;Cutting to Mawoyo, no run full on off stump, driven back to the bowler who gets a hand to it;
12.3;1w;Cutting to Mawoyo, 1 wide short ball going down leg, Mawoyo chases with a hook but it's a wide;
12.2;?;Cutting to Mawoyo, no run angled in this time from length, Mawoyo replies with a solid defence;
12.1;?;Cutting to Mawoyo, no run full and outside off, firm drive straight to cover;
11.6;?;Lyon to Masakadza, no run much fuller and wider, he leaves it alone;
11.5;?;Lyon to Masakadza, no run fuller outside off, he drives and gets an inside edge onto the pad;
11.4;?;Lyon to Masakadza, no run stifled appeal as Masakadza tries a heave off the flighted ball but it was going down leg;
11.3;?;Lyon to Masakadza, no run shortish outside off, he defends on the off side;
11.2;W;Lyon to Raza, OUT spinner gets a wicket, who else? It turned in sharply from outside off, Raza went back to cut and the bounce got a thick outside edge for an easy catch to first slip;Sikandar Raza c sub (SPD Smith) b Lyon 22 (50m 32b 4x4 0x6) SR: 68.75;
11.1;?;Lyon to Raza, no run he goes back an defends the ball on leg after the turn;
11.1;1w;Lyon to Raza, 1 wide on leg stump and goes down with some bounce for a wide;
10.6;?;Faulkner to Mawoyo, no run length delivery towards middle and leg, defends it back to the bowler;
10.5;?;Faulkner to Mawoyo, no run quicker and more accurate bouncer and he ducks under it this time;
10.5;1w;Faulkner to Mawoyo, 1 wide down the leg side for another wide - that was a bouncer and Faulkner thought there was bat on that;
10.4;1;Faulkner to Raza, 1 run short of length outside off, steered past a diving point for one;
10.4;1w;Faulkner to Raza, 1 wide it's that back of the hand slower ball from Faulkner, but it's down leg for a wide;
10.3;1lb;Faulkner to Mawoyo, 1 leg bye strays down the leg side and it's gone down to fine leg off the pad;
10.2;?;Faulkner to Mawoyo, no run back of length around middle and leg, he stays back to defend;
10.1;2;Faulkner to Mawoyo, 2 runs full on the pads and it's flicked away for two on the leg side, misfield at midwicket allowed them the runs;
9.6;?;Cutting to Raza, no run makes room and charges down, pushes the delivery to cover point;
9.5;?;Cutting to Raza, no run short ball outside off and Raza pulls it, nearly losing his balance, to midwicket;
9.4;?;Cutting to Raza, no run angled in from length, he defends it on the pitch on the front foot;
9.3;?;Cutting to Raza, no run short of length and angling in, defends on the off side;
9.2;4;Cutting to Raza, FOUR runs edged and just past the keeper! Short of length outside off, Raza looked to run it towards third man but it took a thick edge and just cleared a flying Brad Haddin;
9.1;1lb;Cutting to Mawoyo, 1 leg bye tries the yorker and it's full outside leg, goes to fine leg for a leg bye;
8.6;1;Faulkner to Mawoyo, 1 run back of length and width on offer, cuts it past point to third man for one;
8.5;3;Faulkner to Raza, 3 runs;
8.4;?;Faulkner to Raza, no run angles it away now from outside off, Raza lets it go;
8.3;?;Faulkner to Raza, no run bangs it in again on off, hops back to defend it towards cover;
8.2;?;Faulkner to Raza, no run back of length now around off, he goes on his toes to defend it on off;
8.1;4;Faulkner to Raza, FOUR runs it's pitched up and Raza likes them there! Full and wide and he launches it with a straight bat over mid-off for a one-bounce four;
7.6;?;Cutting to Mawoyo, no run back of length now from outside off, pushed to point off the back foot;
7.5;?;Cutting to Mawoyo, no run brings it in from length, Mawoyo presents a forward defence;
7.4;4;Cutting to Mawoyo, FOUR runs short and wide this time and Mawoyo connects this time! It went in the air and there were sounds of 'catch it' but it went to the left of point;
7.3;?;Cutting to Mawoyo, no run angles it in further towards middle stump, he defends it back;
7.2;?;Cutting to Mawoyo, no run angles it in a bit from back of length, defends to cover point;
7.1;?;Cutting to Mawoyo, no run back of length outside off, Mawoyo cuts and nearly gets an outside edge to the keeper. The extra bounce did him;
6.6;?;Starc to Raza, no run back of length now, Raza wasn't expecting that and nearly gave a catch to point by playing it early off the back foot. It bounced once before point and this time Starc talks to Raza with a smile;
6.5;?;Starc to Raza, no run right on middle stump, Raza goes back in the crease and defends it towards cover. He wanted the single but was sent back by Mawoyo;
6.5;1w;Starc to Raza, 1 wide further down the leg side and this one's a wide;
6.4;?;Starc to Raza, no run makes room again but this one pitched outside leg and he gets an inside edge onto his pad. Starc continues his one-sided conversation with Raza;
6.3;4;Starc to Raza, FOUR runs that's how Raza likes to hit them - make room by getting the front leg out of the way and over the infield on the off side. This full delivery is dispatches over mid-off;
6.2;?;Starc to Raza, no run pitches on off and goes away with the angle, dangerous leave from Raza and Starc has a few words to say to the batsman again;
6.1;1;Starc to Mawoyo, 1 run back of length just outside off, plays it down with soft hands to third man for one;
5.6;?;Marsh to Raza, no run seaming in towards off stump from length, Raza blocks it on the off side;
5.5;1;Marsh to Mawoyo, 1 run slightly back of length outside off and Mawoyo cuts it late and delicately to third man;
5.4;?;Marsh to Mawoyo, no run goes straighter outside off from length, he leaves it for the keeper;
5.3;?;Marsh to Mawoyo, no run back towards off stump, he defends it back again;
5.2;2;Marsh to Mawoyo, 2 runs full on the pads and Mawoyo flicks it on the up to deep backward square leg in the gap for two;
5.1;?;Marsh to Mawoyo, no run fullish on off stump, Mawoyo drives it back to the bowler, could not middle that one;
4.6;?;Starc to Raza, no run length delivery to end the over outside off, Raza lets it go;
4.5;2;Starc to Raza, 2 runs full on the pads and Raza drives it off the back foot past midwicket for two;
4.4;1;Starc to Mawoyo, 1 run pitches it outside leg this time and he runs it down to fine leg for one;
4.3;?;Starc to Mawoyo, no run shorter delivery now angling away, Mawoyo tried to steer it over the slips but missed again;
4.2;?;Starc to Mawoyo, no run just around off this time, forward defensive to short cover;
4.1;?;Starc to Mawoyo, no run full delivery with the angle way outside off, Mawoyo chased and missed and that was nearly a wide;
3.6;?;Marsh to Raza, no run angled towards middle and leg again from length, Raza defends it to mid-on;
3.5;1;Marsh to Mawoyo, 1 run towards the pads again, tucked to deep fine leg for one and that's Mawoyo's highest score of the series;
3.4;?;Marsh to Mawoyo, no run fullish on middle and leg, driven to midwicket on the move;
3.3;?;Marsh to Mawoyo, no run leans forward again for this one on length outside off and defends. There's a small appeal for run out as the fielder gave the ball to Haddin who hit the stumps, but Mawoyo was back in time;
3.2;?;Marsh to Mawoyo, no run slightly wards middle and leg, Mawoyo plants his front foot forward and closes the face of the bat to defend it on leg;
3.1;?;Marsh to Mawoyo, no run from back of length around off, Mawoyo stays back and defends;
2.6;?;Starc to Raza, no run makes room and gets a full delivery around off, drives it down to mid-off;
2.5;4;Starc to Raza, FOUR runs gets the width and cashes in, and crashes it for four! Well outside off and Raza leaned towards it to drive it with some power through the covers for four;
2.4;?;Starc to Raza, no run pitched around off on length and angles away, close leave from Raza;
2.3;?;Starc to Raza, no run loud lbw appeal, not given! It pitched right on middle and was swinging in and Raza misjudged it and left it completely, to be hit on the pads but it bounced too much and was probably going down leg;
2.2;1;Starc to Mawoyo, 1 run touch shorter outside off and he guides it late with the angle to third man to get off the mark;
2.1;?;Starc to Mawoyo, no run good carry to the keeper from length outside off, Mawoyo leaves carefully;
1.6;?;Marsh to Raza, no run nips it in this time from length towards off stump, Raza defends off the back foot;
1.5;?;Marsh to Raza, no run half volley outside off with outswing, driven to point without much footwork;
1.4;?;Marsh to Raza, no run charges down the track wide of leg stump but the ball pitches well outside off and swings away further, out of his reach;
1.3;?;Marsh to Raza, no run on length this time around off and shaping away, Raza defends towards cover;
1.2;?;Marsh to Raza, no run bit of outswing again from back of length outside off, Raza defends off the backfoot;
1.1;?;Marsh to Raza, no run outswing from Marsh after pitching it outside off, Raza watches it go to the keeper;
0.6;?;Starc to Mawoyo, no run angling away again from the batsman from length, easy leave for Mawoyo and that's a maiden;
0.5;?;Starc to Mawoyo, no run angles it away this time, Mawoyo leans forward and lets it go;
0.4;?;Starc to Mawoyo, no run length delivery on the middle stump with some inswing, he defends it back;
0.3;?;Starc to Mawoyo, no run on length and swinging in late from outside off, another leave;
0.2;?;Starc to Mawoyo, no run on the stumps this time from length, Mawoyo defends by leaning forward;
0.1;?;Starc to Mawoyo, no run starts with a length delivery outside off and angling away, he lets it go;

1.37pm Tino Mawoyo will face Mitchell Starc. Sikandar Raza at the other end. It's all down to the Zimbabwe batsmen, on a tricky pitch
 Innings Start
Australia
Zimbabwe
4th Match, Harare, Aug 31 2014, Zimbabwe Triangular Series
209/9
211/7
Player of the match is Elton Chigumbura, ZIM
Zimbabwe won by 3 wickets (with 12 balls remaining)
