Facebook Twitter Facebook Messenger Pinterest Email Print Australia 4 for 556 dec (Khawaja 174, Warner 163, Voges 83*, Burns 71) and 4 for 264 dec (Burns 129, Warner 116, Craig 3-78) beat New Zealand 317 (Williamson 140, Starc 4-57, Johnson 3-105) and 295 (McCullum, 80, Williamson 59, Lyon 3-63) by 208 runs Scorecard and ball-by-ball details Australia's vast victory over New Zealand in the Gabba Test was not achieved without some rancour on the final day, as umpiring decisions and a pesky last-wicket stand for the visitors caused some frustrations at the end of an otherwise commanding performance by the hosts. The steep and increasingly variable bounce of the pitch accounted for most of New Zealand's last seven wickets, while Nathan Lyon's growing fourth-innings expertise was demonstrated by his three wickets and constant threat to the batsmen. Brendon McCullum offered a typically defiant riposte but lacked support, and then found his innings ended by one of two umpiring calls that left a bitter taste in New Zealand mouths. However, there was evidence that McCullum's men would fight this series out as the last pair of Mark Craig and Trent Boult hammered a partnership of 46 that entertained the smallest of crowds while also causing the red mist to descend upon several Australian players. All this left Australia in possession of a 1-0 series lead but a feeling that New Zealand will be a more difficult proposition in the second Test at the WACA Ground next week, even if they have lost the allrounder Jimmy Neesham to a back ailment and will be in some doubt about being able to choose Tim Southee for Perth due to a similar problem. McCullum and Ross Taylor had begun with plenty of positive intent as they took 15 runs from the first two overs of the day. This approach was useful in spreading the fields set by Steven Smith, but was tinged with risk on a pitch still offering plenty of bounce, as Taylor discovered when his attempt to hook Josh Hazlewood resulted in a gloved catch to first slip. The injured Neesham was also to fall victim to the short ball, his stiff back doubtless making it difficult for him to evade a Mitchell Johnson bumper that was fended off the shoulder of the bat into the hands of Joe Burns at short leg - a simpler chance than those he had turfed earlier in the match. Lyon's contribution then continued when he added the wicket of BJ Watling to those of Martin Guptill and Kane Williamson. Watling reviewed the lbw decision by Richard Illingworth, but ball-tracking showed a sharp off break to be thudding firmly into leg stump to end a partnership that was New Zealand's last real hope of escaping defeat. McCullum had been delivering his usual assortment of blistering hits and the occasional miss. He charged one short ball from Mitchell Marsh and then was struck a glancing blow on the helmet as he ducked it. Marsh straightened up his line and appealed for a catch when a ball beat McCullum's inside edge and looped to slip via the pad. Nigel Llong wrongly gave McCullum out caught, only two overs before New Zealand's supply of DRS appeals were to be replenished by the second new ball. Very next ball Doug Bracewell was pinned in front of the stumps by an ideal delivery to defeat a new batsman, and while Southee averted the hat-trick, he fared less well when Hazlewood took the new ball. Offering a big swing at a ball swinging away from him, Southee appeared to brush the ground with his bat, but was given out and then saw the decision upheld by the third umpire S Ravi. To say Southee looked miffed as he walked off would be to understate the position. That left only Craig and Boult in Australia's way, and for a handful of overs they provided considerable irritation. Starc threw one ball back in Craig's general direction after a push back down the pitch - the throw's considerable distance from the stumps not a good look for the angry bowler. A few more blows were landed and lunch was delayed, but Starc eventually procured an edge from Boult to end the game. For the Australians, there are far fewer questions about their top-order batting than at the start of the match, though at times the bowling attack might have been more ruthless. New Zealand meanwhile must hope for a more competitive showing in Perth, with the benefit of another week on bouncy pitches to guide them. Australia New Zealand Australia vs New Zealand New Zealand tour of Australia Daniel Brettig is an assistant editor at ESPNcricinfo. @danbrettig
