Facebook Twitter Facebook Messenger Pinterest Email Print Australia 8 for 0 v South Africa match abandoned Scorecard and ball-by-ball details A washout in Bridgetown on Sunday meant Australia face a do-or-die clash against West Indies in their final league game Getty Images AB de Villiers' 200th ODI for South Africa went much the same way his 100th Test did, as Sunday's tri-series fixture was the first to be washed out, with only an over possible. Just as November's Bangalore Test involved long periods of watching and waiting, the first game of the series in Barbados dragged on for over five hours because of intermittent rain, which denied South Africa an opportunity to qualify for the final. Instead they shared points with Australia, who now face a must-win clash against hosts West Indies in their final league fixture at the same venue on Tuesday. The damp squib ended the possibility of what could have been the first battle of the quicks in this tournament. Both sides bolstered their seam stocks in anticipation of a surface with more pace and bounce. South Africa handed Morne Morkel his first opportunity on tour, at the expense of left-arm wristspinner Tabraiz Shamsi, while Australia included Scott Boland and Mitchell Starc in their XI. Australia also dispensed with a specialist spinner in Adam Zampa to bring back Glenn Maxwell. Steven Smith decided to let his attack loose on a fresh surface, perhaps mindful of the impact rain could have on the chase. Starc bowled the first and only over of the match: an affair that included three wides, a half-volley that Quinton de Kock drove for four and two well-directed inswingers. Heavy rain swept through the ground seconds after he finished the over. The downpour lasted three hours and 20 minutes before abating. There was a possibility of play resuming when covers were peeled off at 4.30pm local time. But an inspection, and an hour and 15 minutes later, the match officials felt the outfield and the pitch were too wet for the game to resume. The final call was made at 6.25pm. AB de Villiers Glenn Maxwell Mitchell Starc Scott Boland South Africa Australia South Africa vs Australia South Africa tour of West Indies Australia tour of West Indies West Indies Tri-Nation Series Firdose Moonda is ESPNcricinfo's South Africa correspondent
