Facebook Twitter Facebook Messenger Pinterest Email Print Australia 566 for 8 dec (Smith 215, Rogers 173, Broad 4-83) and 254 for 2 dec (Warner 83, Smith 58) beat England 312 (Cook 96, Stokes 87, Johnson 3-53, Hazlewood 3-68) and 103 (Johnson 3-27) by 405 runs Scorecard and ball-by-ball details In the end, it was a 405-run annihilation, but there were all sorts of other figures that highlighted just how dominant Australia were in this Lord's Test. England claimed 10 wickets in the match; Australia took 20. England scored 415 runs in the match; Steven Smith and Chris Rogers between them made 495. England had to survive five sessions to salvage a draw; they lasted just 37 overs. Ultimately, only two numbers mattered: 1-1. That is the scoreline that the teams take to Edgbaston, and this Investec Ashes series is alive and kicking. And as we have learnt after Cardiff, things can change quickly. Do not assume that Australia will again dominate in Birmingham. For now, they will celebrate with gusto their enormous win at the home of cricket. That they dismissed England for 103 in the second innings on a pitch decried on the first day as a road was testament to their strength. Michael Clarke's declaration shortly before lunch meant a victory target of 509 for England. Before long, that number was so abstract it might as well have been painted by Kandinsky. In a disastrous middle session they lost five wickets for 57 runs. They had needed some magic but found themselves be-Mitched, as Mitchells Johnson, Starc and Marsh all claimed important wickets. Their problems started when Adam Lyth edged behind for 7 off Starc, the victim of a fine ball that bounced and moved away, but also of his own poor judgment - it was a ball he could have left. Alastair Cook wafted at one and was tamely caught behind off Johnson for 11, and Gary Ballance managed 14 before he also edged behind, this time off a short rising ball from Marsh. None of the batsmen looked especially comfortable, and Johnson sent down the odd nasty bouncer to keep them guessing. But it was not just the pace that caused problems - Ian Bell found an inside edge that flew up to short leg off Lyon for 11. The most embarrassing dismissal, though, came shortly before the tea break. Joe Root had driven Marsh to mid-on, where Johnson collected and threw at the stumps at the wicketkeeper's end. His throw was so accurate it struck the middle of middle stump and Ben Stokes had neglected to ground either bat or foot, leading to the farcical sight of him hovering in the air well inside his crease, but with nothing having touched down. He was out for a duck, and looked like a goose. After tea, to paraphrase Ron Burgundy, things escalated quickly. Jos Buttler edged the first ball of the session, off Johnson, behind to Peter Nevill, who pouched his seventh catch of the match and equalled the all-time record for wicketkeeping catches on debut, although the dismissal record of eight remained out of reach. Four balls later, Moeen Ali fended a fearsome bouncer to short leg. At seven down, it felt as though Johnson might need just three more balls to finish the job, such was his venom. But Stuart Broad survived a few overs before he drove Lyon on the up to cover for 25, which turned out to be England's highest score. Josh Hazlewood finished the procession by bowling both Root for 17 and James Anderson for a duck. The odd ball had stayed a touch low, but there was nothing wrong with this pitch. On day four, it still felt like a pretty good day-two surface, and England could not blame the conditions for their collapse. There will be plenty of time for ruminations over the next week and a half before Edgbaston, and they won't like what they find. Australia showed earlier in the day that it was still a good pitch, declaring at 254 for 2 shortly before lunch. Chris Rogers had sent a scare through the Australian camp when he suffered a dizzy spell and required medical attention on the ground; he retired hurt on, with the total on 114 for 0. That brought Steven Smith to the crease to join David Warner, and Smith enjoyed the licence to attack. Smith played some outlandish strokes during his 48-ball stay, notably when walking across his stumps before the ball was bowled, then working it from far outside off stump through the various large gaps on the leg side. They were the shots of a man in such strong form that he could put any ball wherever he wanted, and knew it. He struck nine fours, including three in three balls off Stuart Broad, the second of which brought up his half-century from his 43rd delivery. It was more than a cameo but less than the starring role he had played with his first-innings double-century; in the end he was bowled for 58 dancing down the pitch to Ali. Smith finished with an aggregate of 273 runs for the match, the second highest by any batsman in a Lord's Test, behind the 456 that Graham Gooch compiled in 1990, when he made 333 and 123. At the other end, Warner added 23 to his overnight score before he thumped Ali to extra cover and was caught for 83, missing the chance to join Smith and Rogers on the Lord's honour board. Clarke found the beginnings of some form in making an unbeaten 32 from 34 deliveries and Marsh clubbed a couple of sixes in what became the last over of Australia's innings, and finished on 27 from 19 balls when his partner declared. Clarke wanted to give his men five sessions to bowl England out. They didn't even need two. England Australia England vs Australia Australia tour of England and Ireland Brydon Coverdale is an assistant editor at ESPNcricinfo. @brydoncoverdale
