Facebook Twitter Facebook Messenger Pinterest Email Print Australia 133 for 5 (Marsh 70, Prasanna 3-32) beat Sri Lanka 132 (Jayawardene 53, Lee 4-15, Doherty 4-28) by five wickets Scorecard and ball-by-ball details Xavier Doherty picked up a career-best 4 for 28 AFP Crisis? What crisis? To watch Australia demolish Sri Lanka in the fourth ODI in Colombo, it would be easy to believe all was well with Australian cricket. Thanks to some fine bowling from Xavier Doherty and Brett Lee, a calm innings from Shaun Marsh, and a couple of brain explosions from Sri Lanka's batsmen, Australia secured the series with a match in hand, courtesy a five-wicket win in the fourth ODI. Smart stats Australia won with 132 balls to spare, which is their second-largest ODI win in Sri Lanka in terms of balls remaining. For Sri Lanka, though, this was their largest defeat at home. Only six times have Sri Lanka been bowled out for a lower total in home ODIs. The previous such instance was more than five years ago. There were six ducks in the match, which is the most in an ODI in Sri Lanka. The most in an ODI anywhere is eight, in the 1979 World Cup final. Brett Lee's 4 for 15 are his best figures in Sri Lanka, going past his previous best of 4 for 28 against Pakistan in a World Cup game earlier this year. Xavier Doherty's 4 for 28 are his best figures in ODIs, and his second four-for. His first one was also against Sri Lanka, on debut. Only five Sri Lankans have had better figures on ODI debut than Seekkuge Prasanna's 3 for 32. Sri Lanka's 132 was never likely to be enough to keep the series alive, and so it proved, although there was one significant highlight late in the game, an unexpected triple-wicket maiden from their debutant spinner, Seekkuge Prasanna. In fact, the five wickets Sri Lanka collected came in two overs, after an earlier double-wicket maiden from Lasith Malinga. Prasanna had Marsh caught behind cutting for 70, and followed next ball with Michael Hussey, who edged behind for a golden duck. The hat-trick ball was negotiated by David Hussey, but he fell off the very next delivery when he played back to a ball that was much too full, and was bowled, to leave Prasanna with 3 for 32. But by then, Australia were ten runs from victory, and Michael Clarke (38 not out) and Brad Haddin guided them home in the 28th over. For most of the match, it seemed like business as usual for Australia, despite the turmoil back home after the release of the Argus report. But the atmosphere in the dressing room must be like when lovers live together after a breakup. Greg Chappell remains the selector on duty, in the knowledge that his duties will shortly be given to somebody else. Tim Nielsen, the incumbent coach, could also lose his job before the Australian summer, but for now has been promoted to the touring selection panel. At least they made one good decision ahead of this match, with the inclusion of Marsh, who looks set to become Shane Watson's long-term opening partner after the out-of-form Brad Haddin was pushed down the order. Chasing 133, it was important that Marsh kept a cool head after Malinga snared Watson and Ricky Ponting to leave the score at 26 for 2. Watson drove Malinga to mid-on and four balls later Ponting pulled a catch to midwicket, but a typically sensible innings from Marsh and Clarke ensured the hard work of the bowlers would not be wasted. Marsh played his usual classy game, taking few risks while cutting and pulling with precision, and he brought up his half-century with a lovely cut for four off Tillakaratne Dilshan. Marsh can take some of the credit for the victory, but the most important work had been done earlier, when Lee and Doherty collected four wickets each. It was a terribly lacklustre batting performance from Sri Lanka, the only highlight of which was a patient half-century from Mahela Jayawardene. For the fourth time in the series, Sri Lanka batted first, and for the third time they failed to see out their 50 overs. But this was by far their worst effort of the series: nobody after the top four reached double figures, and the last seven wickets came in the space of 37 runs. It was a major disappointment for Jayawardene, who worked hard for 53. He had little support after Kumar Sangakkara (31) was caught at long-on trying to clear the boundary off Doherty. Sangakkara and Jayawardene had rebuilt calmly after both openers departed early, but once their 71-run stand ended, it was all downhill for the hosts. The key period came when Doherty collected three wickets in eight balls, beginning with the dismissal of Sangakkara. Chamara Silva had kept his spot ahead of the equally out-of-form Dinesh Chandimal, but will be in danger of being dropped after his second-ball duck. Silva simply prodded forward tamely and missed an arm ball, and was given out lbw. Soon afterwards Angelo Mathews (6) was stumped when he advanced and had a wild swing, beaten comprehensively by Doherty's flight and turn. Nuwan Kulasekara was trapped lbw by the accurate Shane Watson and Shaminda Eranga was caught at third man when he tried to use the pace of Lee to his advantage, but picked out Doug Bollinger on the boundary. The wickets just kept falling. Prasanna was lbw to Doherty, who finished with 4 for 28, his best figures in a one-day international, while Lee ended up with 4 for 15 by collecting the final two. Jayawardene was trying for some late runs when he top-edged an attempted pull and was caught and bowled by Lee, who next ball rattled the stumps of Malinga with a fast yorker. It was far from the result Sri Lanka expected after Dilshan won the toss, but the scene was set when he didn't stay long at the crease. Dilshan tried to cut a Bollinger delivery that was too close to his body and edged behind on 12, and soon afterwards Upul Tharanga drove wildly at a Lee yorker and was bowled. Australia were on top for the rest of the match. As the Argus report highlighted, Test cricket must be Australia's major focus, so the upcoming five-day series is the real challenge. But for now, Australia's team can celebrate. How much Nielsen and Chappell enjoy the win, though, is anyone's guess. Seekkuge Prasanna Mahela Jayawardene Shaun Marsh Brett Lee Xavier Doherty Sri Lanka Australia Sri Lanka vs Australia Australia tour of Sri Lanka Brydon Coverdale is an assistant editor at ESPNcricinfo
