Facebook Twitter Facebook Messenger Email Print Australians 406 for 9 (Haddin 94, Hayden 79, Langer 64, Gillespie 53*) v Worcestershire Scorecard Brad Haddin hit 16 boundaries before falling for 94 ? Getty Images The Australians enjoyed a solid workout against Worcestershire on the second day of their match at New Road. Matthew Hayden and Justin Langer opened with a century stand and after Worcestershire had fought back to dismiss the middle order, Brad Haddin, the reserve wicketkeeper, made full use of the rare opportunity for an extended bat by striking an impressive 94. Only one over was possible on the first day so Langer and Hayden virtually started from scratch when play began. After watchfully seeing off the new ball they became increasingly assured against an honest Worcestershire attack. Both passed their half-centuries before they departed after lunch. Langer edged a catch to James Pipe (110 for 1) and Hayden was taken by Stephen Peters (149 for 2) - both off Matt Mason, Worcestershire's Aussie seamer. Ricky Ponting took the chance to shuffle the Australian batting, but most of the middle order squandered the opportunity of a lengthy innings. Ponting eased to 20 until he was caught at slip by Graeme Hick off Kabir Ali, while Michael Clarke and Simon Katich also missed out. All three spent time at the crease during the Lord's Test so they won't be unduly concerned about these dismissals. Brad Hodge worked his way to 38 but it wasn't until Haddin's arrival that the innings really sparked into life again. Haddin, never one to hang around, moved along at a run-a-ball, striking 16 boundaries. A century was there for the taking before he picked out Stephen Moore six short of his landmark (350 for 7). Jason Gillespie again chipped in with useful runs but, generally, the Worcestershire attack performed a respectable job. However, Ali found the going tough as he went at more than six-an-over despite removing Ponting. The Australians will now be hoping for a fine third day so the bowlers - especially Gillespie and Michael Kasprowicz - can put some decent overs under their belts ahead of the second Test at Edgbaston on Thursday. Matthew Hayden Matt Mason Justin Langer Brad Haddin Jason Gillespie Worcestershire Australia Australians vs WORCS Australia tour of England and Scotland
