Facebook Twitter Facebook Messenger Pinterest Email Print Derbyshire 235 for 5 (Rogers 93, Madsen 58, Johnson 2-17) drew with Australians 436 Scorecard Chris Rogers cuts during his 93 Getty Images Mitchell Johnson picked up two wickets and deprived Chris Rogers of a century against his one-time team-mates on a middling day for Australia's bowlers against Derbyshire. On their only day of match bowling before the first Test against Pakistan, the Australians took a while to work into their rhythm but gradually chipped away and when play was called off they had Derbyshire at 235 for 5. In his return to the senior Australian side, Ben Hilfenhaus worked hard and was eventually rewarded with the wicket of Dan Redfern, who cut to gully and was caught by a juggling Marcus North. Johnson was comfortably the best of the bowlers and removed both openers during a very good spell of fast and aggressive bowling. Rogers and Wayne Madsen had frustrated the Australians during a 147-run opening stand that finally ended when Madsen flashed hard outside off stump and was gloved by Tim Paine. Rogers was keen to prove that he should remain in the mix for Test cricket, after being overlooked since playing one Test against India in January 2008. Rogers has fallen behind Shane Watson, Simon Katich and Phillip Hughes in the pecking order, but he looked solid in compiling 93, which included a six off Marcus North. Rogers famously made a double-century against the Australians for Leicestershire in a tour match on the 2005 Ashes tour but there was to be no repeat and he was caught behind off Johnson short of his milestone. Rogers had earlier been dropped on 89 when he tickled Johnson down leg side and began walking, only to realise that Paine had grassed the opportunity. Earlier, Steven Smith was convinced he had Rogers caught at bat pad, but the umpire declined the appeal and Smith ended the second session with figures of 0 for 65, having dropped a few deliveries too short. He eventually won a reward of sorts, when Wes Durston was caught at gully, before Simon Katich chipped in with the late wicket of Garry Park. Doug Bollinger and Peter George couldn't buy a wicket but the bowlers will be better for a day of toiling with the red Duke; whether it's enough to prepare for a Test match, only time will tell. Australia Australians vs Derbyshire Australia tour of England and Ireland Brydon Coverdale is a staff writer at Cricinfo
