Facebook Twitter Facebook Messenger Email Print Australia 581 for 4 (Gillespie 201*, Hussey 182) beat Bangladesh 197 and 304 (Rafique 65, Warne 5-113, MacGill 4-95 ) by an innings and 80 runs Scorecard and ball-by-ball details How they were out Mohammad Rafique blasted a fiery 65 but Bangladesh crashed to a heavy defeat at Chittagong ? Getty Images A little over thirty minutes before lunch on the final day Australia wrapped up a crushing win in the second and final Test at Chittagong. Bangladesh, teetering on the edge when play began, having lost four top-order wickets, were pushed into the abyss of defeat by Shane Warne and Stuart MacGill, who snared nine wickets between them. Mohammad Rafique's ferocious half-century, that included six clattered sixes, only delayed the inevitable as Warne, who equalled Richard Hadlee's record by snapping up his 36th five-wicket haul, led Australia to a 2-0 whitewash. Rafique's entertaining 53-ball 65 sent the crowd into raptures but his inspired effort, like other instances with the ball in the series, was to turn futile. In an innings where he faced only spin, he smashed Warne and MacGill screaming over the fence three times apiece. Warne bled three sixes in an over as Rafique, hitting with the spin, peppered the arc between long-on and midwicket. He finally holed out to short midwicket, as the combination of Warne and MacGill extracted their revenge. The rest of the day had unfolded according to script. It took Warne just five balls to remove Shariar Nafees, who had resisted valiantly yesterday, and open the gates for Stuart MacGill to barge through. After Nafees repeatedly swept him on length, Warne had switched to bowling round the wicket late last evening. Nafees had restrained himself yesterday but today, after dead-batting the first four balls, slashed at one that pitched a foot outside off stump and spun back in furiously. The resultant inside edge was smartly pouched by Adam Gilchrist. Then MacGill took over. He had erred on length yesterday, but made amends by hitting the right areas to stir trouble. Aftab Ahmed was beaten by the fizz, unable to take his bat out in time; Khaled Mashud missed an intended sweep; while Abdur Razzak was beaten in flight. Rafique too was eventually beaten by the flight, but not before he had fittingly struck some consolation blows. Bangladesh had been whitewashed alright, but not before offering a fight. Bangladesh Shahriar Nafees c Gilchrist b Warne 79 (201 for 5) Slashed at a wide one, inside edge taken smartly Aftab Ahmed c Gilchrist b MacGill 18 (229 for 5) Tried to shoulder arms, inside edge safely pouched Khaled Mashud lbw b MacGill 11 (230 for 7) Missed a sweep shot, trapped in front Mashrafe Mortaza c Gillespie b Warne 1 Heaved against the spin, leading edge to mid-on Abdur Razzak c Ponting b MacGill 0 (235 for 9) Mis-hit straight to mid-on Mohammad Rafique c Warne b MacGill 65 (304 all out) Lofted straight to wide mid-on Mohammad Rafique Shane Warne Stuart MacGill Bangladesh Australia Bangladesh vs Australia Australia tour of Bangladesh Sriram Veera is editorial assistant of Cricinfo
