Facebook Twitter Facebook Messenger Pinterest Email Print Australia 399 (Smith 199, Taylor 6-47) and 212 for 2 dec (Marsh 69, Warner 62, Smith 54*) beat West Indies 220 (Holder 82*, Blackwood 51, Hazlewood 5-38) and 114 (Starc 3-34) by 277 runs Scorecard and ball-by-ball details Australia completed a 277-run demolition of West Indies inside four days at Sabina Park to win the Frank Worrell Trophy 2-0. West Indies began the day with eight wickets in hand, but their resistance was feeble. The contest was all but over after they lost 5 for 56 in the first session, and they crumbled for 114 shortly after lunch. Smart Stats 0.65 West Indies' win-loss ratio at home over the last 10 years, the worst for any top-eight team. West Indies have played 41 home Test during this period, winning 11 and losing 17. 9 Number of times three out of West Indies' top six batsmen have been dismissed for ducks in a Test innings. Five of those instances have come since 2000. 31 Runs scored by West Indies' top six batsmen in the second innings, the second-fewest in a Test innings at home. The fewest runs scored is 24, also at Sabina Park, against England in 2004. 49 The eighth-wicket partnership between Veerasammy Permaul and Denesh Ramdin in the second innings, the highest in 24 years for West Indies against Australia in a home Test. 611 Balls faced (or 101.5 overs) by West Indies' batsmen in this Test, the third-fewest against Australia when they have been bowled out twice. The fewest balls faced is 457 (or 76.1 overs) in Port of Spain in 1999. Mitchell Starc had accounted for Kraigg Brathwaite and Rajendra Chandrika in the first over of the innings late on the third day, and he struck in the fifth over this morning. A full ball curled into Shane Dowrich after angling across him from over the wicket and brushed his front pad. Starc whipped around to appeal for lbw, not realising the ball had gone on to hit off stump. He had figures of 6-4-2-3. There was seam movement on offer in the morning and Josh Hazlewood bowled an impeccable length around off stump, moving the ball just enough to constantly trouble the batsmen. Darren Bravo eventually pushed forward with hard hands, and the deviation off the pitch caused the outside edge to carry to gully, where Shaun Marsh stooped to take a low catch. Shortly after, Hazlewood induced Jermaine Blackwood to play on to a delivery that nipped into the right-hander from a good length, and West Indies were 33 for 5. The partnership between 21-year old Shai Hope and Denesh Ramdin lasted nine overs before Mitchell Johnson let one rip from round the wicket. Hope pushed forward with a gap between bat and pad and the ball cut in to hit off stump. There was no resistance from Jason Holder this time; he fell clipping Shane Watson tamely to short midwicket. West Indies were 72 for 7 at lunch but Ramdin and Veerasammy Permaul kept Australia waiting after the break. Their partnership extended to 49 at 4.5 runs at over before Johnson broke through. He squared Ramdin up and Michael Clarke dived to his right at second slip to take a low catch. The offspinner Nathan Lyon had not been used much in the innings but in his seventh over he ended the match off consecutive deliveries. Kemar Roach popped a catch to short leg, before Jerome Taylor was bowled slogging across the line to bag a pair. West Indies had lost 20 wickets in 101.5 overs in the Test. West Indies Australia West Indies vs Australia Australia tour of West Indies George Binoy is an assistant editor at ESPNcricinfo
