Data
6.24pm Meanwhile, in Dubai, New Zealand have set Pakistan a target of 261 to win the second Test.
Roy: "Australia have never beaten SA in an ODI at the MCG in six attempts. More drama coming."
AS: "SA were 209/4 in 38 overs. One would have expected them to get to 300 at least from there on. Shows you how difficult it can be if you play with five batsmen and a makeshift allrounder. Nobody to finish the game after Miller really. Pity AB's fine knock might go in vain today."
Meety: "Sth Africa may still end up winning this (anything over 250 can be defended), but I really think Bailey and the bowlers have done a great job covering for NC-N's injury. Down a frontline bowler, we could of been taken for 350 in this day and age. Starc magnificent!" Absolutely. That 40th over he bowled to de Villiers was simply sensational.
5.55pm Splendid recovery from Australia's bowlers after that AB-Miller partnership. The batting powerplay undid South Africa, and the Australian seamers kept up their good work through the death overs, using the slower ball very intelligently. South Africa only scored 82 in their last 15 overs, and 51 in their last 10.
49.6;2;Cummins to Parnell, 2 runs slower ball to finish. It's a touch short on off stump and he pulls it away into the gap between long-on and deep midwicket to pick up two;
49.5;2lb;Cummins to Parnell, 2 leg byes another slower ball. Down the leg side this time and Parnell can't connect with the glance. Gets some pad onto it, rolls down towards fine leg;
49.4;1b;Cummins to Steyn, 1 bye aaaaaaand again. Another huge slog that doesn't connect, and this time they sneak a bye as it rolls down to Wade;
49.3;?;Cummins to Steyn, no run another slower ball, another swing and miss. This one was straighter and it bounced over the top of the stumps before rolling down to the keeper;
49.2;?;Cummins to Steyn, no run another slower ball, this one's outside off. Steyn moves away from his stumps an d looks to slog it over midwicket. Doesn't connect.;
49.1;?;Cummins to Steyn, no run slower ball, back of a length. Steyn looks to back away and smash it down the ground, toe-ends it back to the bowler;
48.6;W;Faulkner to Behardien, OUT and another. This one's a run-out, Warner sends in a pinpoint direct hit from mid-off. Behardien drove this straight to the fielder. It was another slower ball, on leg stump, and he made room to play the drive but couldn't get it past Warner. Took his arm on and lost, by quite a distance. Gave up and simply hoped Warner would miss the stumps.;Farhaan Behardien run out (Warner) 22 (54m 23b 2x4 0x6) SR: 95.65;
48.5;1;Faulkner to Parnell, 1 run full outside off, driven to sweeper cover;
48.4;W;Faulkner to Peterson, OUT gone! That was the slower ball, full and straight, and Peterson looked to slog it across the line, over the leg side. He was through his shot too quickly and the ball sneaked through and crashed into middle stump;Robin Peterson b Faulkner 11 (12m 12b 0x4 1x6) SR: 91.66;
48.3;6;Faulkner to Peterson, SIX runs full on off stump and he clears his front leg and slogs it back over the bowler's head. Carries all the way over the boundary;
48.2;?;Faulkner to Peterson, no run slower ball outside off and he looks for the reverse-slap. Doesn't connect, misses by a long way;
48.1;1;Faulkner to Behardien, 1 run back of a length slower ball on middle and leg. Clears his front leg and clubs it down to long-on;
47.6;1;Starc to Behardien, 1 run full outside off, and he throws his bat at it and slices it uppishly down to third man. Excellent over to end an excellent spell from Starc;
47.5;1;Starc to Peterson, 1 run full on off stump, and he clears his front leg and slogs it along the ground to long-on;
47.4;?;Starc to Peterson, no run makes room and Starc follows him with the back-of-a-length ball. Looked to pull, could get no room to swing his arms and ended up dragging it feebly to short midwicket;
47.3;1;Starc to Behardien, 1 run in the blockhole on a fourth-stump line, jabbed away towards cover point;
47.2;?;Starc to Behardien, no run bouncer, angling into the body, and Behardien sways out of the way;
47.1;1;Starc to Peterson, 1 run lbw appeal as he misses the flick but the ball's definitely slanting down the leg side. Bounced off the front pad towards backward point;
46.6;1;Faulkner to Peterson, 1 run a bit fuller and he gets a single with the checked drive to mid-off;
46.5;?;Faulkner to Peterson, no run;
46.4;?;Faulkner to Peterson, no run another back-of-the-hand slower ball and Peterson is beaten again, this time playing down the wrong line as it straightened past off stump;
46.3;1;Faulkner to Behardien, 1 run slower ball, fairly full outside off, and it completely flummoxed Peterson, who shaped to drive, then decided to try and dab it, and ended up pulling his bat away to leave the ball;
46.2;1;Faulkner to Peterson, 1 run full on leg stump, and it's worked away towards deep backward square leg;
46.1;?;Faulkner to Peterson, no run full on middle and off, and he can't really make enough room to force that drive past short cover;
45.6;1;Starc to Peterson, 1 run back of a length outside off, punched away towards point;
45.5;W;Starc to McLaren, OUT got him! That was the slower bouncer again, and he was caught between trying to pull and trying to avoid the ball. Ended up getting a thin edge that looped into Wade's gloves;Ryan McLaren c ?Wade b Starc 13 (12m 14b 2x4 0x6) SR: 92.85;
45.4;2;Starc to McLaren, 2 runs in the blockhole on off stump, clipped away to deep square leg;
45.3;?;Starc to McLaren, no run length ball wide outside off. Probably saw McLaren backing away to make room, and he had to reach out to drive and couldn't connect;
45.2;?;Starc to McLaren, no run back of a length on leg stump, and he looks to clip it away to the left of short midwicket but Bailey anticipates and moves swiftly to cut off the single;
45.1;?;Starc to McLaren, no run full, tails in late towards middle stump. Gets his front foot out of the way and jabs it to short midwicket;
44.6;1;Cummins to McLaren, 1 run short again, another powerful pull, this one goes straight to deep midwicket;
44.5;?;Cummins to McLaren, no run bangs it in short, and it went over the top of leg stump as he shuffled across and ducked;
44.4;4;Cummins to McLaren, FOUR runs short now and he swivels into a crunching hook, gets it perfectly into the gap between square leg and long leg;
44.3;4;Cummins to McLaren, FOUR runs full on leg stump and that's a super shot. Punches it down the ground, left-elbow high, and he holds his pose as it screams away between the bowler and mid-on;
44.2;?;Cummins to McLaren, no run fullish outside off, driven straight to short cover;
44.1;1;Cummins to Behardien, 1 run back of a length on a fourth-stump line. Hops across and dabs it to third man;
43.6;1;Starc to Behardien, 1 run on the pads, clipped away to the right of short midwicket;
43.5;1;Starc to McLaren, 1 run slower ball, banged in halfway down the pitch, and he doesn't make a clean connection with the pull, rolls off the bottom edge towards square leg;
43.4;?;Starc to McLaren, no run back of a length on off stump. McLaren goes back and across to defend;
43.3;1;Starc to Behardien, 1 run full on off stump, clipped with the angle past short midwicket. Mid-on runs to his right to do the fielding;
43.2;1;Starc to McLaren, 1 run slower ball, full on off stump, and he looks to punch it down the ground and gets an inside edge down to deep backward square leg;
43.1;?;Starc to McLaren, no run short ball, and McLaren drops his wrists to let it pass outside off;
42.6;W;Cummins to de Villiers, OUT slower ball does the trick! AB skips down the track now, and Cummins bowls the slower ball, shortening his length. AB looks to drag it from outside off and slog it over the top, and ends up scooping it straight into the hands of the man at deep midwicket, running in from the rope;AB de Villiers c Smith b Cummins 91 (117m 88b 6x4 0x6) SR: 103.4;
42.5;?;Cummins to de Villiers, no run another slower short ball, and that is exceptional from Bailey, diving full-length to his right at short midwicket to stop that well-struck pull from AB;
42.4;1;Cummins to Behardien, 1 run short, Behardien swivels to pull it round to long leg;
42.3;1;Cummins to de Villiers, 1 run slower ball outside off. He waits on the back foot and punches it away towards cover;
42.2;1;Cummins to Behardien, 1 run slower short ball and he pulls, not very far from short midwicket, and AB has to dive to complete the single. Would have been interesting had Bailey's throw hit the stumps. He'd have been out, in fact.;
42.1;4;Cummins to Behardien, FOUR runs back of a length outside off and that's nicely played. Moved away from the line and opened his bat face and dabbed it away to the right of the diving keeper;
41.6;?;Starc to de Villiers, no run AB moves outside leg stump, looks to make room again, and Starc darts it in full, aiming at his feet. Can't connect with the flick, hits his foot and runs away into the off side;
41.5;?;Starc to de Villiers, no run short ball, and he can't get the pull past short midwicket;
41.4;1lb;Starc to Behardien, 1 leg bye looks for the yorker, and Behardien looks to flick. Can't connect, gets a bit of foot on to it through to the keeper;
41.3;1;Starc to de Villiers, 1 run length ball, angling in towards off stump. AB makes room and drives inside out to cover;
41.2;?;Starc to de Villiers, no run AB tries to make room and Starc follows him with the bouncer. He leans away and lets it pass through to the keeper;
41.1;2;Starc to de Villiers, 2 runs full on middle stump. AB makes room and drives to the right of sweeper cover;
40.6;?;Faulkner to Behardien, no run slower ball, out of the back of the hand. Almost in the blockhole on leg stump and it's clipped to the man at short midwicket;
40.5;1;Faulkner to de Villiers, 1 run full on leg stump, clipped to mid-on;
40.4;1;Faulkner to Behardien, 1 run short ball, pulled to deep midwicket;
40.3;1;Faulkner to de Villiers, 1 run slower ball angling across towards off stump, nurdled to the right of short midwicket;
40.2;?;Faulkner to de Villiers, no run fuller now, on leg stump again, punched straight back to the bowler;
40.1;?;Faulkner to de Villiers, no run back of a length on leg stump. Good, tight line, and he makes room but can only punch it as far as mid-off;
39.6;1;Starc to de Villiers, 1 run slower short ball, AB waits for it and pulls it to deep midwicket;
39.5;?;Starc to de Villiers, no run another yorker, on leg stump, and he has to lift his foot away in a hurry to dig that out towards short midwicket. Excellent delivery, 146.7kph;
39.4;?;Starc to de Villiers, no run shortish, angling in towards off. AB looks for the cut, doesn't have too much room, hits it straight to point;
39.3;?;Starc to de Villiers, no run in the blockhole on middle and leg, jabbed back to the bowler. Good ball.;
39.2;1;Starc to Behardien, 1 run shuffles across even before the bowler had released, and works it from outside off towards midwicket;
39.1;1;Starc to de Villiers, 1 run back of a length, angling into the body. AB leans away from it and chops it down towards point;
38.6;1;Faulkner to de Villiers, 1 run shortish slower ball, pulled down to deep midwicket;
38.5;?;Faulkner to de Villiers, no run back of a length, angling towards middle stump. AB goes on the back foot and punches it towards short extra cover;
38.4;1;Faulkner to Behardien, 1 run short ball, rising to shoulder height, pulled down to deep square leg;
38.3;?;Faulkner to Behardien, no run bouncer, and Behardien ducks under it, looking a little ungainly;
38.2;1;Faulkner to de Villiers, 1 run length ball on the pads and he clips it to the left of short midwicket, who gets a hand to it on the dive but can't quite stop it from squeezing past him;
38.1;1;Faulkner to Behardien, 1 run back of a length outside off, and he opens his bat face to steer it to the right of third man;
37.6;4;Cummins to de Villiers, FOUR runs full on off stump and that is a gorgeous shot. Simply showed it the full face and punched through the line. The umpire skipped hurriedly out of the way and the ball raced away to the straight boundary;
37.5;?;Cummins to de Villiers, no run short ball, angling in and tucking AB up. He leans away from the line and gets on top of the bounce to dab it down to point;
37.5;1w;Cummins to de Villiers, 1 wide looks to cramp him for room, overdoes the angle, and slides it down the leg side;
37.4;1;Cummins to Behardien, 1 run fuller now, and he clips it to mid-on and sets off immediately for the single;
37.3;4;Cummins to Behardien, FOUR runs back of a length, a bit of extra bounce and maybe it straightened too. Behardien looked to work it with the angle, closed his face on it and got a thick outside edge that ran away very fine to the third man boundary;
37.2;?;Cummins to Behardien, no run full, on middle and off, punched down to mid-on;
37.1;?;Cummins to Behardien, no run goes back to a length ball angling in towards off stump, clips it to mid-on with a lot of bottom hand;
36.6;?;Faulkner to de Villiers, no run length ball on off stump, punched towards mid-off;
36.5;W;Faulkner to Miller, OUT gone. It was fullish, wide outside off, looked like another slower ball, and Miller went after it but was too early into his shot. Scooped it straight up and straight down the throat of Smith at cover;David Miller c Smith b Faulkner 45 (83m 61b 3x4 0x6) SR: 73.77;
36.4;1;Faulkner to de Villiers, 1 run another slower ball on leg stump, another tickle backward of square on the leg side, different batsman;
36.3;1;Faulkner to Miller, 1 run slower ball, slides it down leg. Miller can't connect cleanly with the flick, gets a bit of a tickle onto his pad down to the right of the keeper;
36.2;?;Faulkner to Miller, no run back of a length, angling in towards off stump and cramping him for room a bit. Dabs it down towards short cover;
36.1;1;Faulkner to de Villiers, 1 run shortish, a lot of width outside off, but that's the sort of ball that sweeper cover is there to mop up. AB slaps it straight to him, and they only get a single;
35.6;4;Cummins to Miller, FOUR runs short again, and Miller swivels around and makes such sweet contact with the ball that Faulkner at deep square leg, who didn't have too much distance to cover to his left, had no way of cutting it off despite putting in a desperate dive;
35.5;1;Cummins to de Villiers, 1 run shortish, pulled away from an off-stump line down to deep midwicket;
35.4;4;Cummins to de Villiers, FOUR runs short, down the leg side, and that's a gimme. AB doesn't connect cleanly with the pull but gets enough bat on it to get it away from Wade, who throws himself horizontally to his left;
35.3;2;Cummins to de Villiers, 2 runs fuller now, angling in towards off stump. AB had already moved across his crease, and simply waited for it to come on before whipping it away into the gap to the left of deep midwicket;
35.2;?;Cummins to de Villiers, no run back of a length, angling in towards off stump. AB leans away from the line to make some room but can't beat backward point with his punch;
35.1;?;Cummins to de Villiers, no run back of a length on middle and off. AB hops across and tucks it towards short midwicket;
34.6;4;Smith to Miller, 4 runs shortish outside off and that is an excellent shot. Just went back, made a bit of room, and eased it past short cover. Slowed down as it neared the boundary but the fielder had a long way to chase and the batsmen ran four;
34.5;1;Smith to de Villiers, 1 run goes on the back foot now, looked like it might have been the wrong 'un. Adjusts his feet and works it away to deep midwicket;
34.4;?;Smith to de Villiers, no run slants this in towards leg stump and AB clips it to short midwicket;
34.3;1;Smith to Miller, 1 run full on middle and off. Stays adjacent to the line and drives it down to long-off;
34.2;1;Smith to de Villiers, 1 run another low full-toss, driven down to long-off;
34.1;4;Smith to de Villiers, FOUR runs full-toss, and that is punished. Lashed away to the deep point boundary after he made a bit of room;
33.6;4;Maxwell to Miller, FOUR runs slides this down the leg side and Miller sweeps with a powerful downswing to send it racing away to the backward square leg boundary;
33.5;1;Maxwell to de Villiers, 1 run slow, a bit fuller outside off, and he comes forward and opens his bat face to drive towards deep point;
33.4;2;Maxwell to de Villiers, 2 runs shortish outside off, slapped away to the right of sweeper cover;
33.3;2;Maxwell to de Villiers, 2 runs back of a length, goes with the angle as he looks to push it into the covers and he gets a thick outside edge towards third man;
33.2;1;Maxwell to Miller, 1 run a bit more flight outside off and he drives it to sweeper cover for a single;
33.1;?;Maxwell to Miller, no run goes back to a length ball that goes with the angle, and has to make room to punch that to short cover;
32.6;1;Smith to Miller, 1 run full on middle and leg, clipped towards deep square leg;
32.5;?;Smith to Miller, no run big appeal for lbw as he misses the sweep. Not given, and are they reviewing? Nah. Ooh. That pitched middle and leg and straightened. Not sure about the height;
32.4;?;Smith to Miller, no run a bit quicker and flatter and he blocks it towards short cover;
32.3;?;Smith to Miller, no run floated across outside off, clipped wristily back to the bowler;
32.2;1;Smith to de Villiers, 1 run tossed up outside off, driven to long-off;
32.1;4;Smith to de Villiers, FOUR runs sweeps, knew what he was doing. Fine leg was up in the circle and he took it from an off-and-middle line, bottom hand coming off, and beat the fielder easily, to his left;
31.6;?;Maxwell to Miller, no run full, angled in towards middle and off. Defended towards short cover;
31.5;1;Maxwell to de Villiers, 1 run back of a length on middle and leg, punched down to long-on;
31.4;?;Maxwell to de Villiers, no run quickish ball on middle and leg, blocked towards short midwicket;
31.3;1;Maxwell to Miller, 1 run back of a length, goes with the arm towards middle and off. Goes deep in his crease to punch it to mid-on;
31.2;?;Maxwell to Miller, no run slanted down leg, and he can't get the flick away, hits him on the pad;
31.1;1;Maxwell to de Villiers, 1 run shortish outside off, slapped away to deep point;
30.6;1;Smith to de Villiers, 1 run full outside off, driven down to long-off;
30.5;?;Smith to de Villiers, no run full on off stump, punched down the ground, off the bowler's hands to short extra cover;
30.4;1;Smith to Miller, 1 run full outside off, driven down to long-off;
30.3;3;Smith to de Villiers, 3 runs full outside off and he drives it through the same area, to the left of short extra cover and to the right of the sweeper cover;
30.2;4;Smith to de Villiers, FOUR runs full-toss wide outside off and AB says thank you and drives it away to the cover boundary. Full, flowing follow-through, beats the sweeper running to his right;
30.1;1;Smith to Miller, 1 run length ball down the leg side. Goes deep in his crease and tucks it away towards deep square leg;
29.6;?;Maxwell to de Villiers, no run flat and quick outside off and he comes forward to block it back to the bowler;
29.5;2;Maxwell to de Villiers, 2 runs fullish on the pads, clipped away towards deep square leg;
29.4;1;Maxwell to Miller, 1 run sweeps now, from middle stump down to deep square leg;
29.3;1;Maxwell to de Villiers, 1 run tossed up on off stump, driven down to long-on;
29.2;1;Maxwell to Miller, 1 run back of a length on off stump, punched towards point;
29.1;3;Maxwell to de Villiers, 3 runs nicely done. It's full on a fourth-stump line and he gets out the reverse-lap, deflects it just wide of the keeper's gloves and Bailey has a lot of work to do, running back from short third man and putting in the slide at the boundary;
28.6;1;Watson to de Villiers, 1 run steps out of his crease and drives a length delivery to long off;
28.5;1;Watson to Miller, 1 run glanced off the pads for a single to fine leg;
28.4;1;Watson to de Villiers, 1 run banged in short, AB waits for it and plays a short-arm pull behind square, just paddled it down really;
28.3;?;Watson to de Villiers, no run defended from the crease towards mid-on;
28.2;2;Watson to de Villiers, 2 runs AB uses the room outside off to drive the ball through cover point;
28.1;1;Watson to Miller, 1 run Miller moves across and works a length ball off his pads through square leg;
27.6;1;Faulkner to Miller, 1 run good length on middle and off, Miller presses forward and pushes the ball towards mid-on for a single;
27.5;3;Faulkner to de Villiers, 3 runs AB opens the face as he drives through point;
27.4;?;Faulkner to de Villiers, no run defended on the front foot on the off side;
27.3;1;Faulkner to Miller, 1 run Miller moves forward to a fuller ball around off and square drives through cover point to bring up the 50 partnership;
27.2;?;Faulkner to Miller, no run good length around off stump, defended on the front foot towards the off side;
27.1;1;Faulkner to de Villiers, 1 run a length ball outside off, driven on the up from the crease towards long off;
26.6;?;Watson to Miller, no run shortish ball, doesn't come on at all as he goes for the pull. Bottom-edges it down into the pitch;
26.5;?;Watson to Miller, no run back of a length on a fourth-stump line, punched to short cover;
26.4;1;Watson to de Villiers, 1 run angling across towards off stump, driven to sweeper cover;
26.3;1;Watson to Miller, 1 run length ball on middle and off, worked away to deep midwicket;
26.2;1;Watson to de Villiers, 1 run fullish outside off, AB plays a checked drive to sweeper cover;
26.1;?;Watson to de Villiers, no run slower ball on middle and off, punched back to the bowler;
25.6;1;Faulkner to de Villiers, 1 run fullish outside off, driven down to long-off;
25.5;1;Faulkner to Miller, 1 run in the blockhole on leg stump, clipped away to deep backward square leg;
25.4;?;Faulkner to Miller, no run slower ball outside off. Ge lets it comne on and dabs it to short third man;
25.3;1lb;Faulkner to de Villiers, 1 leg bye down the leg side and AB can't quite connect with the glance. Off his pad towards square leg;
25.2;1;Faulkner to Miller, 1 run length ball on off stump. Miller gets a big stride out to push that down to mid-off;
25.1;1;Faulkner to de Villiers, 1 run length ball on off stump. He stays on the back foot and shows it the full face to punch it to mid-off;
24.6;1;Starc to de Villiers, 1 run shortish ball, doesn't rise too much, and he whips it off his hip to long leg;
24.5;2;Starc to de Villiers, 2 runs this time he skips entirely outside off and clips the full ball towards deep midwicket;
24.4;?;Starc to de Villiers, no run shortish outside off, and he takes a huge step back and across and whips it with a lot of bottom hand, and Bailey does very well at mid-on to move swiftly to his right and dive to stop the ball;
24.3;1;Starc to Miller, 1 run short outside off, Miller opens his bat face to steer it down to third man;
24.2;1;Starc to de Villiers, 1 run back of a length, a bit of width outside off. He leans back and plays a very late dab to third man;
24.1;?;Starc to de Villiers, no run back of a length, angling away outside off, and he shuffles across to try and work it into the leg side. The bowler moves quickly in his follow-through to cut off the single;
23.6;1;Faulkner to de Villiers, 1 run a little fuller and wider, steered away to sweeper cover;
23.5;?;Faulkner to de Villiers, no run length ball on off stump, pushed to short extra cover;
23.4;2;Faulkner to de Villiers, 2 runs length ball on off stump, driven on the up to the left of the diving short extra cover fielder;
23.3;1;Faulkner to Miller, 1 run back of a length on off stump, whipped away to deep midwicket;
23.2;?;Faulkner to Miller, no run goes on the back foot now, but the ball doesn't come on. Seemed to want to punch through the off side. Ends up blocking it back to the bowler;
23.1;?;Faulkner to Miller, no run another of those slower balls, angling in towards off stump. Miller comes forward to defend into the covers;
22.6;1;Starc to Miller, 1 run looks for the yorker, it's a touch too leg-side and he clips it down to long leg;
22.5;1;Starc to de Villiers, 1 run on leg stump and it's tucked down to deep backward square leg;
22.4;1;Starc to Miller, 1 run on the pads now and he clips it away to long leg;
22.3;1;Starc to de Villiers, 1 run fullish, slanted across towards off stump, steered to sweeper cover;
22.2;1;Starc to Miller, 1 run full outside off, driven to sweeper cover;
22.1;1;Starc to de Villiers, 1 run slower ball angling away from off stump. AB waits an eternity and dabs it away towards third man;
21.6;?;Faulkner to Miller, no run slower ball, fairly full on off and middle, and he pokes that away towards point;
21.5;1;Faulkner to de Villiers, 1 run a touch shorter now and he goes on the back foot to punch it towards mid-off;
21.4;4;Faulkner to de Villiers, FOUR runs full, on a fourth-stump line, and mid-off falls to his right to try and cut off the drive but AB's hit that incredibly hard and there's no way he's stopping that, even though he got both hands to it;
21.3;1;Faulkner to Miller, 1 run shortish ball, angling in. Miller stays adjacent to the line and dabs it down to third man;
21.2;1;Faulkner to de Villiers, 1 run back of a length, a touch too straight once more, and he tucks it away to long leg again;
21.1;2;Faulkner to de Villiers, 2 runs onto the pads and he clips it away to the left of the fielder at long leg;
20.6;?;Cummins to Miller, no run lbw appeal as he's struck on the pad looking to work it through the leg side. Pretty full, but from that angle, it's likely it pitched outside leg;
20.6;1w;Cummins to Miller, 1 wide dug in once more and he goes for the hook, doesn't connect and the ball passes narrowly over his gloves;
20.5;?;Cummins to Miller, no run bouncer now and Miller ducks safely under it;
20.4;1;Cummins to de Villiers, 1 run short ball angled into the body, half-pulled, half-flicked to the man at long leg;
20.3;1;Cummins to Miller, 1 run back of a length, angling across towards off stump, dabbed down towards short third man;
20.2;2;Cummins to Miller, 2 runs length ball on off stump, worked away wristily to the left of mid-on;
20.1;?;Cummins to Miller, no run back of a length on off stump, blocked towards point;
19.6;?;Faulkner to de Villiers, no run back of a length, angling away. Looks to dab it away off the back foot, can't beat short third man;
19.5;1;Faulkner to Miller, 1 run length ball on off stump. Gets his front foot across and works it past short midwicket but can't beat mid-on;
19.4;?;Faulkner to Miller, no run back of a length on off stump, defended off the back foot back towards the bowler;
19.3;?;Faulkner to Miller, no run back of a length outside off, poked away towards point;
19.2;?;Faulkner to Miller, no run length ball on a fourth-stump line. He works it with the angle to mid-on;
19.1;?;Faulkner to Miller, no run full on off stump, defended with a straight bat towards mid-off;
18.6;1;Cummins to Miller, 1 run fullish on middle stump, clipped away to deep square leg;
18.5;?;Cummins to Miller, no run full, angling across outside off. Miller leaves it alone;
18.4;?;Cummins to Miller, no run length ball on leg stump, tucked off the pads to short midwicket;
18.3;?;Cummins to Miller, no run fuller now, on middle and off, clipped to short midwicket;
18.2;?;Cummins to Miller, no run length ball, angling across towards middle and off. Gets on his toes and tucks it towards midwicket;
18.1;1;Cummins to de Villiers, 1 run length ball on off stump. De Villiers stays on the back foot and punches it down the ground, to the right of mid-off;
17.6;?;Maxwell to Miller, no run length ball outside off. Miller leaves it alone;
17.5;1;Maxwell to de Villiers, 1 run length ball on middle stump, pushed down the ground to long-on;
17.4;?;Maxwell to de Villiers, no run fullish, angled across outside off. AB gets forward to block it back to the bowler;
17.3;1;Maxwell to Miller, 1 run short again and this time it's straighter, so he opens up and pulls it to deep midwicket;
17.2;4;Maxwell to Miller, FOUR runs a touch short and he jumps back quickly to slap it away to the point boundary;
17.1;?;Maxwell to Miller, no run angled in towards off stump. Miller presses forward to block it back to the bowler;
16.6;1;Cummins to Miller, 1 run too straight again and he tucks it off his hips to long leg;
16.6;1w;Cummins to Miller, 1 wide shorter now, down the leg side, and he can't connect with the glance;
16.5;?;Cummins to Miller, no run length ball, angling across towards a fourth-stump line. Miller gets forward to defend into the covers;
16.4;W;Cummins to du Plessis, OUT gone! That was a good ball, rising uncomfortably from back of a length outside off, and he pokes at it while hopping across and gets an outside edge through to the keeper;Faf du Plessis c ?Wade b Cummins 28 (45m 37b 3x4 0x6) SR: 75.67;
16.3;1;Cummins to de Villiers, 1 run back of a length outside off. He goes deep in his crease and dabs it away late to third man;
16.2;?;Cummins to de Villiers, no run shortish outside off, punched off the back foot to the right of point;
16.2;1w;Cummins to de Villiers, 1 wide bouncer outside off. AB simply stands there and lets it go through to the keeper. Bounced comfortably over head height;
16.1;1;Cummins to du Plessis, 1 run length ball on middle stump. Shuffles across to tuck it away towards long leg;
15.6;1;Maxwell to du Plessis, 1 run tossed up on middle stump, and he uses his wrists to bring deep midwicket into play once more;
15.5;1;Maxwell to de Villiers, 1 run goes on the back foot to a length ball on leg stump, works it away to deep midwicket;
15.4;1;Maxwell to du Plessis, 1 run fullish on middle stump, clipped towards deep midwicket;
15.3;1;Maxwell to de Villiers, 1 run a bit slower now, and he lets it come on and clips it away to the right of short midwicket;
15.2;?;Maxwell to de Villiers, no run full and flat on middle and leg, punched back to the bowler;
15.1;W;Maxwell to de Kock, OUT Maxwell strikes! It's a good ball, tossed up and angled in towards off stump. He looked to play it towards mid-on, with the angle, but didn't get to the pitch and closed his face too early. Leading edge pops back to Maxwell for the simplest of c&bs.;Quinton de Kock c & b Maxwell 17 (62m 38b 0x4 0x6) SR: 44.73;
14.6;1;Watson to de Kock, 1 run length ball angling away outside off. Looked to lean back and cut and ended up slashing it down to third man;
14.5;1;Watson to du Plessis, 1 run back of a length outside off, punched to long-off;
14.4;?;Watson to du Plessis, no run full outside off, driven firmly back to the bowler;
14.3;?;Watson to du Plessis, no run back of a length on middle stump, clipped to forward square leg;
14.2;4;Watson to du Plessis, FOUR runs on the pads once more, and this time Faf plays very late to glance it away to the fine leg boundary. Long leg had no chance of stopping that;
14.1;1;Watson to de Kock, 1 run length ball, a bit of width outside off. Beats short cover with his drive but can't beat mid-off to his right;
13.6;1;Maxwell to de Kock, 1 run angled in towards leg stump, flicked away through midwicket;
13.5;?;Maxwell to de Kock, no run fullish on middle stump, pushed down the ground to mid-on;
13.4;1;Maxwell to du Plessis, 1 run down the leg side now and he tucks it away to deep backward square leg;
13.3;1;Maxwell to de Kock, 1 run down the track now, gets to the pitch and clips it from well outside off towards midwicket;
13.2;?;Maxwell to de Kock, no run length ball on off stump, blocked to short extra cover;
13.1;?;Maxwell to de Kock, no run tossed up on off stump, driven firmly but Warner cuts it off at cover, diving to his left;
12.6;?;Watson to du Plessis, no run on the pads once more. This one looked like a legcutter. Straightened a touch and he couldn't get that flick away, edged it onto his pad;
12.5;?;Watson to du Plessis, no run back of a length on off stump, worked off the back foot towards short midwicket;
12.4;1;Watson to de Kock, 1 run fuller now, on off stump, and he drives it out to sweeper cover;
12.3;4b;Watson to de Kock, 4 byes angled across, back of a length. It isn't short enough to pull and it goes under his bat, and goes over the top of the off bail. Wade can't collect cleanly and it bounces off his glove to the fine leg boundary;
12.2;?;Watson to de Kock, no run down the track, makes room for the flat-batted slap through the off side, can't beat short cover;
12.1;1;Watson to du Plessis, 1 run again, Watson drifts onto the pads, and again Faf picks up the easy single to long leg;
11.6;?;Maxwell to de Kock, no run a bit slower, and he goes on the back foot and works it from off stump towards square leg;
11.5;?;Maxwell to de Kock, no run a touch short on off stump. He makes room to cut but can't get it past point;
11.4;1;Maxwell to du Plessis, 1 run straighter now and he clips it into the on side;
11.3;2;Maxwell to du Plessis, 2 runs back of a length outside off, slashed away past point, who falls to his right and ends up diving over the ball;
11.2;1;Maxwell to de Kock, 1 run length ball, angling in towards off stump. He stays beside the line and bunts it towards point;
11.1;1;Maxwell to du Plessis, 1 run floated up towards middle stump, clipped away through midwicket;
10.6;1;Watson to du Plessis, 1 run onto the pads again, clipped away to long leg;
10.5;3;Watson to de Kock, 3 runs down the track now, makes a bit of room and flays it away towards deep cover;
10.4;1;Watson to du Plessis, 1 run length ball, drifting onto the pads, clipped down to long leg;
10.3;1;Watson to de Kock, 1 run shortish ball on middle stump, pulled away to deep square leg;
10.2;?;Watson to de Kock, no run length ball, a bit of width outside off. He comes forward and slaps it to short cover;
10.1;1;Watson to du Plessis, 1 run back of a length, angling in towards middle stump. Faf shuffles across and works it towards short fine leg;
9.6;?;Maxwell to de Kock, no run fired in flat, angling down leg, and he tucks it off his pads to square leg;
9.5;1;Maxwell to du Plessis, 1 run back of a length, worked away from outside off towards deep square leg;
9.4;?;Maxwell to du Plessis, no run down the track now, is quicker than he expected and he pokes it out into the covers;
9.3;?;Maxwell to du Plessis, no run goes on the back foot to a reasonably full ball on middle stump, looks to work it leg side. Doesn't turn too much and he gets a leading edge back to the bowler;
9.2;1;Maxwell to de Kock, 1 run tossed up, a bit of drift in towards middle stump, tucked away towards wide mid-on;
9.1;?;Maxwell to de Kock, no run full on middle and leg, clipped towards short midwicket;
8.6;4;Cummins to du Plessis, FOUR runs full and wide and he swings his arms through the line and beats the man at cover, diving to his right;
8.5;?;Cummins to du Plessis, no run shortish, a bit of width outside off, but it doesn't quite come on. Looked to punch through the covers, ended up dragging it down towards mid-off;
8.4;4;Cummins to du Plessis, FOUR runs not too short, but short enough for him to rock back and pull it from outside off down to the midwicket boundary;
8.3;?;Cummins to du Plessis, no run a bit fuller now, and he falls over a touch as he blocks this back to the bowler. Feet were a little late to move;
8.2;?;Cummins to du Plessis, no run back of a length outside off, punched down to mid-off;
8.1;?;Cummins to du Plessis, no run back of a length on off and middle, defended back to the bowler;
7.6;?;Maxwell to de Kock, no run put down. It's tossed up outside off and he goes for the big, flat-batted drive, and the thick edge goes flying to Watson at slip, at head height. He throws his arms up, gets both hands to the ball, but it simply doesn't stick;
7.5;?;Maxwell to de Kock, no run angled in, slightly round-arm, towards middle stump. De Kock defends into the off side, playing slightly inside-out;
7.4;?;Maxwell to de Kock, no run;
7.3;?;Maxwell to de Kock, no run a bit slower now, angled in towards middle and off, and he dives across to his right in his follow-through to stop that firm drive from de Kock;
7.2;1;Maxwell to du Plessis, 1 run full and flat on middle stump, punched down the ground to long-on;
7.1;1;Maxwell to de Kock, 1 run full on off stump, pushed towards mid-off;
6.6;?;Cummins to du Plessis, no run short outside off. He looks to flay it away through the off side without moving his feet too much, and doesn't connect;
6.5;?;Cummins to du Plessis, no run a little fuller now, outside off, and he goes back and across to defend;
6.4;?;Cummins to du Plessis, no run shortish on off stump. He goes for the pull but it doesn't quite rise and he gets a bottom edge onto his right thigh;
6.3;?;Cummins to du Plessis, no run back of a length on off stump, blocked off the back foot, down the pitch;
6.2;?;Cummins to du Plessis, no run back of a length on off stump. He goes back to defend and ends up popping it in the air, down the ground, but it's too far to the right of Cummins for him to make an attempt to catch it;
6.1;?;Cummins to du Plessis, no run back of a length on a fifth-stump line. Left alone;
6.1;1w;Cummins to du Plessis, 1 wide starts off by slanting one quite a way down the leg side. Faf can't connect with that attempted glance;
5.6;1;Coulter-Nile to du Plessis, 1 run back of a length, angling in towards leg stump, clipped away past short midwicket, to the right of mid-on;
5.5;?;Coulter-Nile to du Plessis, no run a little fuller than the previous one. Faf jumps back and across and blocks it back to the bowler;
5.4;?;Coulter-Nile to du Plessis, no run back of a length outside off, punched off the back foot towards short cover.;
5.3;W;Coulter-Nile to Amla, OUT gone! It's a short ball, quite pullable, but Amla doesn't quite make the best possible contact. He's into the shot too early and it's off the bottom of the bat and straight to a squarish short midwicket, where Cummins takes a good low catch.;Hashim Amla c Cummins b Coulter-Nile 18 (23m 20b 3x4 0x6) SR: 90;
5.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Amla, no run shortish ball, rising over off stump. Amla hops to play that down towards midwicket;
5.1;1;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, 1 run back of a length, angling across towards off stump. He shuffles across and tucks it away towards midwicket;
4.6;?;Starc to Amla, no run again it's short and Amla looks for the uppercut but can't connect. Again, Wade and Watson go up for a catch, but the bat seemed a long way away from the ball;
4.5;?;Starc to Amla, no run digs it in short. Amla leans away and lets it go;
4.4;?;Starc to Amla, no run back of a length, angling away outside off stump. Amla lets it go;
4.3;4;Starc to Amla, FOUR runs back of a length outside off stump, and Amla uses the angle to make himself a tiny bit of width and punches the ball through the gap between short cover and mid-off. Super shot;
4.3;1w;Starc to Amla, 1 wide short and wide again and Amla chases at it and misses. Once again, it's called wide. The keeper and the slips went up for a catch, but I don't think there was any contact;
4.2;?;Starc to Amla, no run back of a length on middle stump, defended off the back foot towards mid-on;
4.2;1w;Starc to Amla, 1 wide a lot of width but it seems a little harsh to call that wide. Well inside the tramline and Amla went hard at it and was beaten by his own lack of footwork and maybe some extra bounce;
4.1;1;Starc to de Kock, 1 run shortish, wide outside off. De Kock throws his bat at it and the thick edge flies in the air but drops well short of third man;

Here's Faf, wearing my favourite number. 18. Paul Scholes' number.
 Innings Start
10.35pm Short and sweet presentation ceremony there. No interviews with the captains and so forth. Just how it should be, methinks, but I'd say that, having been typing all this while and being grateful to avoid any more transcribing and whatnot. So that brings an end to our coverage as well. Australia have taken the series 3-1, and South Africa have a lot of pondering to do about how they handled the last 10 overs, with bat and ball. They might need a rethink about some of their personnel as well. In any case, join us for the fifth ODI in Sydney. Until then, it's ta ta from all of us. I'll leave you with a few of your comments.
Mal: "Great innings from Smith. Shades of Michael Bevan v West Indies. "
David: "This game proves why 50 over game is far superior to the monotonous thing that is 20/20. The build up to victory."
Dave: "Any selector who thinks of picking Bailey or "the Big Show" over Smith should not have a job. "
GermanPlayer: "With this win, Aus are now level with SA with both teams having 17 wins each in Australia against each other."
10.30pm Special innings from Steven Smith, and he's in the middle to talk about it. "You need a partnership and myself and Wade managed to do that, put on a hundred. Disappointed I was left out in the first game. It takes some time to work out what to do and I'm slowly getting there and improving every game. [Faulkner] came out there and hit it from ball one, took the pressure off me." Smith is the man of the match.
48.6;1;Peterson to Cummins, 1 run what a catch that is! Or is it? He came down the track and looked to slog it over mid-on. Didn't get to the pitch of the ball and didn't middle it. Went in the air to the right of mid-on, and Miller threw himself horizontally and came away with the ball in his right hand and a look of disbelief on his face. They aren't sure he took it on the full, and they're checking now. Yeah, it's bounced, and Australia have won, because the batsmen crossed. They looked dead and buried when Wade joined Smith, but they've ended up winning with an over to spare.;
48.5;W;Peterson to Smith, OUT gone! That was tossed up nice and slow and Smith went for the big heave over the leg side. Was through his shot extremely early and the ball crashes into middle stump. Walks in to a standing ovation from the small crowd here;Steven Smith b Peterson 104 (180m 112b 7x4 0x6) SR: 92.85;
48.4;1;Peterson to Faulkner, 1 run goes back to a length ball on off stump, makes room to punch it to sweeper cover;
48.3;4;Peterson to Faulkner, FOUR runs down the leg side now and Faulkner sweeps, and hits it nice and clean, down to the deep backward square leg boundary;
48.3;1w;Peterson to Faulkner, 1 wide fired flat and full, but also wide outside off;
48.2;?;Peterson to Faulkner, no run what happened there? Went for the big hit over the leg side, and it hit his thigh and was rolling towards the stumps, but he reached behind him and tapped the ball away;
48.1;1;Peterson to Smith, 1 run down the track, hits it hard down to long-on;
47.6;4;Abbott to Faulkner, FOUR runs boom! That was short, and that is a familiar sight by now. Left leg moves away to make room. Arms swing through free and unfettered, ball disappears to the leg-side boundary.;
47.5;2;Abbott to Faulkner, 2 runs back of a length on middle and leg, swatted away down to long leg;
47.4;?;Abbott to Faulkner, no run wide yorker. Looks to back away and slap it through the off side. Is too early into the shot and drags it back to the bowler;
47.3;4;Abbott to Faulkner, FOUR runs full-toss on leg stump and Faulkner clears his front leg and mows it over wide mid-on. Really poor ball, that. That was a baseball hit;
47.2;?;Abbott to Faulkner, no run middle-stump yorker, swiped down the ground to mid-on. Thought about going for the single for the misfield, turned around in the end and slid to beat the throw home to the keeper's end.;
47.1;3;Abbott to Smith, 3 runs full on off stump, and he makes a little bit of room and punches it away to the left of cover. Behardien chases back and throws to the bowler's end. They take him on and Smith wins the race, getting to the crease before Abbott can reach in front of the stumps and collect the throw;
46.6;4;Steyn to Faulkner, FOUR runs length ball on off stump and he clears his front leg and launches it back over the bowler, clean, flat hit, bounces over the long-on boundary;
46.5;4;Steyn to Faulkner, FOUR runs short ball, sits up, and Faulkner clubs it away to the midwicket boundary. Poor ball, and it was severely dealt with;
46.4;1;Steyn to Smith, 1 run and that's his hundred. Ungainly way to get it, a mistimed pull that rolls away towards square leg, but what an innings this has been. Australia were sinking without a trace when he began;
46.3;1b;Steyn to Faulkner, 1 bye shortish slower ball outside off and he plays and misses. de Kock misjudges the bounce behind the stumps and they sneak a quick bye. Steyn, needless to say, is livid;
46.2;1;Steyn to Smith, 1 run full outside off and Smith takes on the fielder after driving to the right of Peterson at short extra cover. He flicks at the stumps and misses, and Smith dives to regain his crease. Peterson is left-handed but he managed to underarm it right-handed;
46.1;1;Steyn to Faulkner, 1 run back of a length outside off, dabbed away to third man;
45.6;2;Abbott to Smith, 2 runs full on middle and leg, flicked towards deep backward square leg;
45.5;1;Abbott to Faulkner, 1 run in the blockhole on middle stump, pushed down to mid-off for the single;
45.4;2;Abbott to Faulkner, 2 runs yorker on middle and leg, clipped towards deep midwicket;
45.3;?;Abbott to Faulkner, no run full on middle stump, punched back down the ground and the bowler gets a hand to it to prevent the single;
45.2;1;Abbott to Smith, 1 run very full outside off and he opens his bat face and squeezes it out to sweeper cover;
45.1;1;Abbott to Faulkner, 1 run back of a length outside off, steered down to third man;
44.6;1;Parnell to Faulkner, 1 run back of a length outside off, and he opens his face to pick up another single to third man;
44.5;1;Parnell to Smith, 1 run shuffles across. Parnell bowls it short and he pulls it round to deep backward square leg;
44.4;1;Parnell to Faulkner, 1 run back of a length outside off, dabbed down to third man;
44.3;4;Parnell to Faulkner, FOUR runs in the blockhole on leg stump. Looks to clear his front leg and slog it over the leg side, gets a thick inside edge down to the fine leg boundary;
44.3;2nb;Parnell to Smith, (no ball) 1 run full-toss on off stump and he's clipped it down to deep square leg. No-ball as well, and the umpire signals for the free hit;
44.2;W;Parnell to Wade, OUT another twist. It's another bouncer, and Wade goes for the hook, fetching it from over his left shoulder, was never in control, and McLaren runs in from the long leg boundary and slides forward to take the catch nice and low;Matthew Wade c McLaren b Parnell 52 (96m 59b 4x4 1x6) SR: 88.13;
44.1;1;Parnell to Smith, 1 run There's that Smith tennis smash. It was the bouncer and he hit it from above shoulder height, and just about cleared the bowler;
43.6;1;McLaren to Smith, 1 run back of a length on off stump, shuffles across and works it towards square leg;
43.5;4;McLaren to Smith, FOUR runs whoopsie, that isn't a very good ball. It's a low full-toss on middle and leg and Smith shuffles across and clips it away to the fine leg boundary;
43.4;1;McLaren to Wade, 1 run back of a length on middle and leg, tucked away towards square leg;
43.3;1;McLaren to Smith, 1 run back of a length on leg stump, tucked away towards square leg;
43.2;1;McLaren to Wade, 1 run low full-toss outside off, driven to sweeper cover;
43.1;4b;McLaren to Wade, 4 byes oh, my. It was the slower one, angled in, and he slogged and missed. Rolled down to the keeper, and for once de Kock couldn't stop it, got up a little too quickly, and it ran away under his gloves.;
42.6;2;Parnell to Smith, 2 runs in the blockhole on off stump and he slogs wildly and the bottom edge runs away past the man at short fine leg. Deep square leg runs around to stop it;
42.5;1;Parnell to Wade, 1 run full and wide again and this time he manages to flat-bat it to the man at deep cover. Fifty up for Wade. Excellent innings from him. Started slowly but he's quickly upped the rate and reached the landmark in 55 balls.;
42.4;?;Parnell to Wade, no run excellent yorker again, on leg stump, and all he can do is block it back to the bowler after pulling his feet hurriedly out of the way;
42.4;1w;Parnell to Wade, 1 wide full and wide now and Wade has to reach for it. Can't connect, and the umpire signals wide. Slightly harsh call, but they've generally been consistently harsh;
42.3;6;Parnell to Wade, SIX runs shortish outside off, and that is a sensational shot from Wade. Opens up, makes a bit of room, and clubs it down the ground, over the gap between the bowler and mid-off, and the ball carries all the way over the rope;
42.2;1;Parnell to Smith, 1 run short ball and he swivels around to pull that to the man at deep midwicket;
42.1;?;Parnell to Smith, no run middle-stump yorker, and Smith moves his feet out of the way and jabs it back to the bowler;
41.6;1;Steyn to Smith, 1 run fullish outside off and he slogs it down to mid-on;
41.5;?;Steyn to Smith, no run slower bouncer outside off and Smith can't decide between playing and leaving and in the end goes with the second option;
41.4;?;Steyn to Smith, no run short outside off, Smith plays a checked short-arm pull to short midwicket;
41.3;4;Steyn to Smith, FOUR runs goes deep in his crease and Steyn looks for the yorker. Ends up bowling a leg-stump full-toss and he gets a little tickle on it and it runs away to the fine leg boundary;
41.2;?;Steyn to Smith, no run slower ball outside off. Throws his hands at it without moving his feet, and he's beaten;
41.1;?;Steyn to Smith, no run full on off stump. Smith goes back and across and clips it towards short midwicket;
40.6;1;McLaren to Smith, 1 run back of a length outside off, dabbed away towards short third man;
40.5;?;McLaren to Smith, no run fullish on off stump, driven firmly back to the bowler, who makes a diving stop in his follow-through;
40.5;1w;McLaren to Smith, 1 wide full-toss wide outside off, and that nearly ran away for four wides. De Kock must have stretched a couple of muscles to breaking point in diving across to his right to stop that;
40.4;1;McLaren to Wade, 1 run back of a length on off stump, dabbed away towards backward point;
40.3;?;McLaren to Wade, no run down the track, looked to mow the shortish ball over the leg side, was beaten. Shout from the keeper for caught behind, and Snicko does show a tiny little spike, but can't say if that was bat on ball;
40.2;4;McLaren to Wade, FOUR runs short ball and Wade has pulled that away and made very good contact. Deep square leg completely misjudged it. It was du Plessis. He came a few steps forward, then realised Wade has hit it much harder than he thought, and tries to dive backwards and take the catch but can't get anywhere near it;
40.1;1;McLaren to Smith, 1 run length ball, angling in towards middle and off, clipped away to long leg;
39.6;?;Abbott to Wade, no run another yorker, on leg stump this time, and he gets his foot out of the way and jabs it away into the off side;
39.5;?;Abbott to Wade, no run yorker on off stump, dug out towards short cover. Excellent control here.;
39.4;1;Abbott to Smith, 1 run back of a length outside off. Shuffles across and pokes it down the ground, towards mid-on;
39.3;?;Abbott to Smith, no run backs away from leg stump and Abbott bowls a smart ball, full and outside off, just inside the tramline. Smith could do nothing but leave it alone;
39.2;1;Abbott to Wade, 1 run down the track and Abbott bangs it in a touch shorter. Opens up and slugs it away towards mid-on;
39.1;1;Abbott to Smith, 1 run back of a length outside off. Smith goes back and across and bunts it into the off side, to the left of short cover;
38.6;1;McLaren to Smith, 1 run full outside off, and he opens his bat face to slice it down to third man;
38.5;?;McLaren to Smith, no run back of a length outside off. He looks to dab it away to third man and almost edges it to the keeper. A bit of extra bounce and he was lucky to get beaten;
38.4;4;McLaren to Smith, FOUR runs walks across his stumps and clips it from middle stump down to long leg, where Parnell dives and fumbles to give away a boundary;
38.3;?;McLaren to Smith, no run down the track and he makes good contact with that flat-batted drive but it's too close to short cover to fetch him any runs;
38.2;3;McLaren to Wade, 3 runs shortish, just a bit of width and Wade pounces to smack that away between point and cover;
38.1;1;McLaren to Smith, 1 run length ball outside off, Smith looks to work it into the leg side and gets a leading edge into the covers;
37.6;4;Parnell to Wade, FOUR runs shortish, a bit of width outside off, and that's nicely done by Wade, opens up to make some room and slaps it over short cover, wide of mid-off, with a lot of bottom hand;
37.5;?;Parnell to Wade, no run low full-toss wide outside off. Wade reaches out but can't get bat to ball;
37.4;1;Parnell to Smith, 1 run shuffles across again, and works it from off stump down to long leg;
37.3;?;Parnell to Smith, no run down the track, makes a lot of room. Parnell follows him and he looks to slog. Bat turns in his hands and it rolls down to mid-on;
37.2;1;Parnell to Wade, 1 run down the track and he shortens his length a bit. Slogs it away down to mid-on;
37.1;1;Parnell to Smith, 1 run back of a length on middle stump, shuffles across and tucks it away towards fine leg;
36.6;?;Steyn to Wade, no run super work from de Kock. It was slanting away and he slashed hard at it. The thick inside edge could have easily run away for four but the keeper threw himself to his left to stop the ball one-gloved;
36.5;?;Steyn to Wade, no run length ball angling towards off stump, and he clears his front leg and dabs it to backward point;
36.4;4;Steyn to Wade, FOUR runs down the track and bang. That was angled across and he shovels it over midwicket with a short-arm batswing. Take that!;
36.3;?;Steyn to Wade, no run full outside off, gets nicely forward and drives to short cover;
36.2;1;Steyn to Smith, 1 run back of a length outside off and he opens his bat face to steer it down to third man;
36.1;4;Steyn to Smith, FOUR runs fullish on off stump and Smith clears his front leg and slogs it away over midwicket. Doesn't quite get hold of it but he picks out a vacant area and picks up four for his efforts;
35.6;?;Abbott to Wade, no run back of a length, angled across, bunted towards short cover;
35.5;?;Abbott to Wade, no run looks to work this from outside off, against the angle, and doesn't connect. Runs off his back pad towards the keeper;
35.4;1;Abbott to Smith, 1 run short ball, sits up, and he pulls it down to deep midwicket;
35.3;2;Abbott to Smith, 2 runs back of a length on off stump, shuffles across and tucks it away to the right of the long leg fielder;
35.2;?;Abbott to Smith, no run nearly played on! He moved away from his stumps to make room and Abbott followed him with the back of a length ball. He inside-edged it onto his pads and it nearly trickled onto his stumps;
35.1;1;Abbott to Wade, 1 run fullish outside off, driven to sweeper cover;
34.6;1;Behardien to Wade, 1 run shortish, a bit of width, slapped to the right of the off-side sweeper;
34.6;1w;Behardien to Wade, 1 wide looks to go fuller, ends up sliding down the leg side;
34.5;?;Behardien to Wade, no run angled across towards off stump. Looks to make room and find the gap between point and short third man, picks out the point fielder;
34.4;?;Behardien to Wade, no run back of a length, angled across, chopped down to short third man;
34.3;1;Behardien to Smith, 1 run short and wide and that is excellent fielding from Parnell. Smith looked to open his bat face and steer it away to the right of short third man but he was alert and he dived across to make the stop;
34.2;?;Behardien to Smith, no run slower ball on the pads and he gets away with it. Clipped straight to short fine leg;
34.1;1;Behardien to Wade, 1 run back of a length outside off, chopped down to sweeper cover;
33.6;?;Parnell to Smith, no run into the blockhole on middle and leg. Clipped carefully to short midwicket;
33.5;1;Parnell to Wade, 1 run short ball, pulled down to deep backward square leg;
33.4;?;Parnell to Wade, no run shuffles a couple of steps down the pitch. Parnell shortens his length a touch and he has to block it into the covers;
33.3;1;Parnell to Smith, 1 run too straight and he works it off his hips towards long leg;
33.2;1;Parnell to Wade, 1 run length ball on off stump. Wade clips it towards mid-on and immediately calls Smith through for a risky-looking single. Oh yes. McLaren's throw went over the stumps at the bowler's end. Had he hit, it was bye, bye, Wade.;
33.1;1;Parnell to Smith, 1 run back of a length on middle stump. Smith shuffles across and clips it to long leg;
32.6;?;Peterson to Wade, no run spins into the left-hander, punched off the back foot to the off side;
32.5;2;Peterson to Wade, 2 runs played with soft hands through covers and they are taking on the fielder running in from the deep for a risky second, Wade dives full stretch as de Kock breaks the stumps. He's safe. Superb running and diving;
32.4;?;Peterson to Wade, no run nudged to midwicket but they decide against the single;
32.3;1;Peterson to Smith, 1 run played to long off for a single;
32.2;1;Peterson to Wade, 1 run gets down on one knee now and slog sweeps to deep midwicket;
32.1;4;Peterson to Wade, FOUR runs Wade backs away outside leg to make room and drills the ball hard through extra cover, consecutive boundaries for Australia;
31.6;4;Abbott to Smith, FOUR runs what sort of a shot is that? Smith backs away outside leg to a short ball and tennis-smashes it over the head of the fielder mid-off. Ugly, ungainly, unorthodox, but it got the job done.;
31.5;?;Abbott to Smith, no run Smith played the pull too early and ended up toe-ending the ball back to the bowler;
31.4;1;Abbott to Wade, 1 run pushed towards wicket for a single;
31.3;1;Abbott to Smith, 1 run Smith gets to his 50 off 63 balls by dabbing a short of a length delivery towards third man, his second 50 in a row. He can't be kept out of the ODI side anymore, surely?;
31.2;1;Abbott to Wade, 1 run Wade plays a crisp drive through covers to turn the strike over;
31.1;1;Abbott to Smith, 1 run Smith swivels towards the off side and pulls the short ball down behind square leg to move on to 49;
30.6;1;Peterson to Smith, 1 run pushed towards long on for a single;
30.5;1;Peterson to Wade, 1 run played into the cover region for a single;
30.4;3;Peterson to Smith, 3 runs Smith plants his front foot well outside off to open up the area behind square and swats the ball into the gap in that area, McLaren covers a lot of ground and makes a diving save at long leg;
30.3;1;Peterson to Wade, 1 run stays in his crease and nudges the ball towards midwicket gently for a quick single;
30.2;?;Peterson to Wade, no run Wade steps out this time but he isn't to the pitch of the ball, has to defend in the end;
30.1;1;Peterson to Smith, 1 run steps out of his crease to get to the pitch of the ball and drives to long on for a single;
29.6;?;Abbott to Wade, no run fuller now, on a fourth-stump line. Wade comes forward to defend into the covers;
29.5;?;Abbott to Wade, no run a touch short, a bit of width, not enough for Wade to be able to force it past Amla and backward backward point. [There's also a forward backward point];
29.4;?;Abbott to Wade, no run back of a length on off stump, defended towards short extra cover;
29.3;1;Abbott to Smith, 1 run short ball, doesn't quite come on, and he pulls it round to long leg;
29.2;1;Abbott to Wade, 1 run short, not too much width, he leans away from the line and slashes it over the top of the finer of two catching men behind square, bounces short of third man;
29.1;1;Abbott to Smith, 1 run length ball, angling into the pads, tucked away to long leg;
28.6;?;Peterson to Wade, no run down the track again, whipped from outside off to short midwicket;
28.5;1;Peterson to Smith, 1 run down the track now, doesn't quite get hold of the big shot, hits it all along the ground ot long-on;
28.4;1;Peterson to Wade, 1 run now he comes forward to sweep from outside off, towards short fne leg;
28.3;?;Peterson to Wade, no run back of a length, turns in towards middle stump, defended with the spin towards short midwicket;
28.2;1;Peterson to Smith, 1 run full on middle stump, driven down to long-off;
28.1;?;Peterson to Smith, no run fullish, angled in towards middle and leg, and he goes back to clip that to square leg;
27.6;1;McLaren to Smith, 1 run shuffles across once more and meets the ball outside off and clips it away towards deep midwicket;
27.5;?;McLaren to Smith, no run back of a length outside off, punched to cover point;
27.4;1;McLaren to Wade, 1 run slower ball, angled in towards off stump. Wade gets his head over the ball and dabs it with soft hands towards point;
27.3;1;McLaren to Smith, 1 run back of a length on off stump. Smith shuffles across and works it to deep square leg;
27.2;1;McLaren to Wade, 1 run angled in towards a fourth-stump line and Wade gets nicely forward to drive that to sweeper cover;
27.1;1;McLaren to Smith, 1 run short ball, and Smith goes back and across and swivels to pull it round to long leg;
26.6;?;Peterson to Wade, no run tossed up outside off, comes forward and dabs it towards backward point;
26.5;1;Peterson to Smith, 1 run fullish outside off, driven down to long-off;
26.4;2;Peterson to Smith, 2 runs full on off stump and he moves his front leg out of the way and squeezes it away in the gap between point and short third man;
26.3;?;Peterson to Smith, no run down the track now, and he has to stretch a little to defend that into the off side;
26.2;1;Peterson to Wade, 1 run back of a length outside off, punched away wide of short cover;
26.1;1;Peterson to Smith, 1 run and he starts with a short, wide ball. The sort of ball that sweeper cover was invented to mop up behind;
25.6;?;McLaren to Wade, no run length ball, angling away from Wade. He gets his head over the ball and defends into the off side;
25.5;1lb;McLaren to Smith, 1 leg bye goes for the pull but it isn't quite short enough. Hits him on the back leg and runs away backward of point;
25.4;?;McLaren to Smith, no run down the track and McLaren follows him, tucks him up for room. Smith is forced to block it back to the bowler;
25.3;?;McLaren to Smith, no run fullish and wide outside off. Smith leaves it alone;
25.2;1;McLaren to Wade, 1 run short outside off, not too much width, slapped away towards point;
25.1;?;McLaren to Wade, no run shortish outside off, and he gets on his toes to punch it away into the covers. Looked a little Ganguly-esque but mistimed;
24.6;?;Steyn to Smith, no run fullish outside off, defended into the covers;
24.5;1;Steyn to Wade, 1 run back of a length on middle stump. Wade shuffles across and helps it along towards long leg;
24.4;?;Steyn to Wade, no run length ball on off stump again and he lets it come on and dabs it into the off side;
24.3;?;Steyn to Wade, no run length ball, angling across towards off stump. Wade gets behind the line and defends back towards the bowler;
24.2;2;Steyn to Wade, 2 runs full outside off and that is the most footwork we have seen for a while. Confident stride forward to drive towards the cover boundary;
24.1;W;Steyn to Maxwell, OUT got 'im! That was angled in, that straightens off the pitch, and Maxwell makes the same mistake that Bailey made. No. Footwork. Whatsoever. Pushes hard at it and the ball takes his outside edge and first slip takes the simplest of catches. Steyn bowled that cross-seam.;Glenn Maxwell c Amla b Steyn 2 (9m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 40;
23.6;2;McLaren to Smith, 2 runs back of a length outside off and he steers it away to the right of third man;
23.5;4;McLaren to Smith, FOUR runs a touch too straight and he skips across his crease and glances that extremely fine. Poor bowling;
23.4;1lb;McLaren to Maxwell, 1 leg bye full, angling down the leg side, and he can't connect with the flick, gets a leg bye down to square leg;
23.3;?;McLaren to Maxwell, no run back of a length on middle stump, defended towards short midwicket;
23.2;1;McLaren to Smith, 1 run back of a length, angling in towards leg stump. Shuffles across and tucks it away towards fine leg;
23.1;1;McLaren to Maxwell, 1 run full, angling in towards middle stump, and he punches it down the ground towards mid-on;
22.6;?;Steyn to Smith, no run back of a length outside off, a little fuller than the previous one. Smith leaves it alone;
22.5;2;Steyn to Smith, 2 runs back of a length outside off and he punches it away to the left of point and the right of third man;
22.4;1;Steyn to Maxwell, 1 run back of a length on middle stump. Jumps back and across and defends with soft hands to the right of short midwicket. That was enough to break his bat at the junction of blade and handle. Wow. It's broken in two right at the top of the splice.;
22.3;W;Steyn to Bailey, OUT gone! That was short and not massively wide and he flashed at it with no footwork. A bit of extra bounce and he gets a thick outside edge through to de Kock;George Bailey c ?de Kock b Steyn 16 (35m 29b 0x4 0x6) SR: 55.17;
22.2;?;Steyn to Bailey, no run slants down the leg side again and he misses the flick but could have picked up a lot of leg byes had de Kock not moved quickly to his left and stopped the ball one-handed;
22.1;?;Steyn to Bailey, no run full outside off. Gets a decent stride out to defend into the covers;
21.6;1;Behardien to Bailey, 1 run full on middle stump, worked away to the right of short midwicket;
21.5;?;Behardien to Bailey, no run slower ball on middle and off, pushed back to the bowler;
21.4;?;Behardien to Bailey, no run full on off stump, punched back to the bowler;
21.3;1;Behardien to Smith, 1 run full outside off, driven to long-off;
21.2;1;Behardien to Bailey, 1 run another leg-roller on a fullish length outside off, dabbed away to short third man and Smith takes off in a flash from the non-striker's end;
21.1;1;Behardien to Smith, 1 run back of a length on off stump. Goes back and across to work it towards midwicket;
20.6;?;Steyn to Bailey, no run back of a length outside off and he shuffles across to punch to mid-off;
20.5;?;Steyn to Bailey, no run back of a length on middle stump and he shuffles across to work it into the on side;
20.4;?;Steyn to Bailey, no run length ball on a fourth-stump line. Bailey defends back to the bowler, playing from the crease;
20.3;1;Steyn to Smith, 1 run fuller now and he comes forward and opens his bat face to run it down to third man;
20.2;1;Steyn to Bailey, 1 run once again a bit of width and Bailey slaps it to sweeper cover;
20.1;2;Steyn to Bailey, 2 runs shortish, a touch of width, cracked away to the right of sweeper cover;
19.6;2;Behardien to Smith, 2 runs fuller now and he gets forward to drive to the right of sweeper cover;
19.5;?;Behardien to Smith, no run back of a length outside off and he punches it back down the ground, forcing Behardien to tumble to his left in his follow-through to stop the ball;
19.4;1;Behardien to Bailey, 1 run slower ball, bowled with a legcutter action, on off stump, and he drives it down the ground to long-on;
19.3;?;Behardien to Bailey, no run length ball, angling in towards middle stump, blocked towards short midwicket;
19.2;1;Behardien to Smith, 1 run not quite as full as Smith pushes forward to drive through cover, and he ends up inside-edging it into the leg side;
19.1;1;Behardien to Bailey, 1 run gentle full ball outside off, driven to sweeper cover;
18.6;?;Peterson to Smith, no run quicker once more, on off stump, and he blocks it into the covers from halfway forward;
18.5;?;Peterson to Smith, no run a bit slower and he defends this into the on side;
18.4;?;Peterson to Smith, no run quicker and flatter, and he goes on the back foot to defend. Playing the trajectory rather than the length;
18.3;1;Peterson to Bailey, 1 run down the track again, pushed down to mid-on;
18.2;?;Peterson to Bailey, no run;
18.1;1;Peterson to Smith, 1 run down the track and he plays for more turn than is available, gets an inside edge that runs away into the leg side;
17.6;1;Parnell to Smith, 1 run shuffles across again, works it off his hips to long leg;
17.5;1;Parnell to Bailey, 1 run length ball on a fourth-stump line, he leans over it and steers it to third man;
17.4;?;Parnell to Bailey, no run back of a length on middle stump. Bailey hops across and works it towards short midwicket;
17.3;1;Parnell to Smith, 1 run length ball outside off and he presses forward and opens his bat face to place the ball between point and cover;
17.2;?;Parnell to Smith, no run back of a length over middle stump. Smith stands tall and punches it into the covers;
17.1;4;Parnell to Smith, FOUR runs short ball and that is very well played. Goes back and across and fetches it from wide outside off and rolls his wrists over to beat mid-on running to his right;
16.6;1;Peterson to Smith, 1 run fuller now, on middle stump, and he drives this down to long-on;
16.5;1;Peterson to Bailey, 1 run goes deep in his crease and works this from outside off down to long-on. He's a touch too short here.;
16.4;1;Peterson to Smith, 1 run goes back to a length ball and it skids through with the angle. Hurriedly jams his bat down and gets an inside edge into the on side;
16.3;1;Peterson to Bailey, 1 run once again it's back of a length, and this time it's Bailey who punches to the man sweeping up on the off-side boundary;
16.2;1;Peterson to Smith, 1 run back of a length again, outside off this time, punched to sweeper cover;
16.1;?;Peterson to Smith, no run back of a length, angled in towards middle stump, defended off the back foot into the covers;
15.6;?;Parnell to Bailey, no run full now, angling towards off stump, and he takes a half step forward to block it;
15.5;1;Parnell to Smith, 1 run shortish, doesn't quite get up, and he pulls it round from about hip height down to long leg;
15.4;1;Parnell to Bailey, 1 run short now and he pulls it away to the man at deep forward square leg/squarish deep midwicket (I'm never sure what to call that position);
15.3;1;Parnell to Smith, 1 run a touch wider this time and he shuffles across, lets it come on, and dabs it with soft hands into the covers;
15.2;?;Parnell to Smith, no run back of a length on off stump, defended down the ground to mid-off;
15.2;1w;Parnell to Smith, 1 wide down the leg side now and Smith politely moves his bat and body out of the way;
15.1;?;Parnell to Smith, no run back of a length, angling across to off stump, and he steps back and across to block towards short extra cover;
14.6;1;Peterson to Smith, 1 run back of a length outside off, punched to the left of cover;
14.5;2;Peterson to Smith, 2 runs down the track again and he heaves it over midwicket. Doesn't get hold of it and comes off looking ungainly, but his score has moved along by two runs;
14.4;?;Peterson to Smith, no run a bit of width but it isn't short enough to cut, sneaks under Smith's bat;
14.3;?;Peterson to Smith, no run down the track and Peterson pulls his length back a touch, angling it into the batsman. Smith blocks it back to the bowler;
14.2;1;Peterson to Bailey, 1 run short and wide once more, and this time he hits it straight to the sweeper;
14.1;2;Peterson to Bailey, 2 runs short and wide to start and he slaps it away to the left of the man at deep point;
13.6;1;Parnell to Bailey, 1 run short ball, sits up a little, and he pulls it away but can't get more than a single as Behardien dives acrobatically to his right at short midwicket and gets a meaty hand in the way of the ball;
13.5;?;Parnell to Bailey, no run aaand again. This one's slanted across once more, a touch wider this time, and Bailey's front foot is barely out of his crease as he prods away from his body;
13.4;?;Parnell to Bailey, no run back of a length on middle stump, and he hops across to defend towards short midwicket;
13.3;?;Parnell to Bailey, no run lovely delivery. It's the slower one, angled across the stumps, and it beats Bailey's outside edge as he pushes half forward and pokes uncertainly at the ball;
13.2;W;Parnell to Finch, OUT got him! It's a short ball and Finch has pulled it uppishly, straight down the throat of the man at deep square leg;Aaron Finch c du Plessis b Parnell 22 (59m 37b 2x4 0x6) SR: 59.45;
13.1;1;Parnell to Smith, 1 run back of a length outside off, and he doesn't quite get across as he tries to punch. Ends up chopping it back down the pitch off the inside edge. They set off for a single, and Finch could have been run out at the batsman's end had Parnell connected with that kick he aimed at the ball in his follow-through;
12.6;?;McLaren to Finch, no run length ball on off stump, punched down the ground to mid-on;
12.5;1;McLaren to Smith, 1 run full and wide and he gets down nice and low to drive it to the sweeper on the cover boundary;
12.4;?;McLaren to Smith, no run length ball, angled in towards off stump, and he shuffles across to work it to short midwicket;
12.3;?;McLaren to Smith, no run length ball outside off, left alone;
12.2;1;McLaren to Finch, 1 run back of a length on a fourth-stump line, dabbed down to third man;
12.1;?;McLaren to Finch, no run fullish on middle stump, punched to mid-on off a half-forward stride;
11.6;?;Parnell to Smith, no run a little fuller but he's still on the back foot to block that back to the bowler. On the back foot and in an extremely open position. Works for him, I suppose.;
11.5;?;Parnell to Smith, no run shuffles across once again, defends this back of a length ball back to the bowler;
11.4;?;Parnell to Smith, no run back of a length on off stump. Shuffles back and across to defend back to the bowler;
11.4;1w;Parnell to Smith, 1 wide bangs this in short and Smith shuffles across and ducks his shoulders to let it pass down the leg side;
11.3;?;Parnell to Smith, no run length ball on a fourth-stump line. Presses forward to block towards mid-off;
11.2;?;Parnell to Smith, no run full on middle stump, clipped to short midwicket;
11.1;1;Parnell to Finch, 1 run on the pads and he dabs it away to the right of short midwicket with a more or less straight bat;
10.6;?;McLaren to Smith, no run length ball, quite wide outside off, and Smith leaves it alone;
10.5;W;McLaren to Watson, OUT gone! He's bowled a lot of not very good balls, and one of them's gotten him a wicket. It was a wide half-volley, and he could have smashed that anywhere, but he ended up going flat-batted at it and got a top-edge through to the keeper;Shane Watson c ?de Kock b McLaren 19 (31m 25b 2x4 0x6) SR: 76;
10.4;1;McLaren to Finch, 1 run back of a length outside off and third man is made to work again as Finch waits for the ball to come to him and dabs it away quite fine;
10.3;1;McLaren to Watson, 1 run shortish, a bit of width again, and Watson chops it down to third man;
10.2;1;McLaren to Finch, 1 run back of a length outside off and he dabs it away to third man. Waits until it's almost passed him and then places an open-faced blade in front of the ball;
10.1;1;McLaren to Watson, 1 run full, too straight, clipped off the toes to deep backward square leg;
9.6;1;Parnell to Watson, 1 run short, and Watson's pulled that away murderously but straight to the man at deep square leg;
9.5;?;Parnell to Watson, no run back of a length on middle stump. Watson defends off the back foot towards mid-on;
9.4;1;Parnell to Finch, 1 run back of a length, angling across and he gets back and across to slap it away towards third man;
9.3;1;Parnell to Watson, 1 run on the pads once more and he gets away with it. Fine leg was in the circle but Watson's little clip was too close to the man;
9.2;1;Parnell to Finch, 1 run shortish, stops on the batsman a bit as he shapes to pull. He has to wait a little before pulling it down towards deep square leg;
9.1;1;Parnell to Watson, 1 run length ball on the pads, clipped away towards deep backward square leg;
8.6;1;McLaren to Watson, 1 run fullish, angling in from outside off. Watson stretched forward to drive, got a thickish inside edge into the leg side;
8.5;1;McLaren to Finch, 1 run angled into the pads this time and he goes on the back foot to work it wide of the diving short midwicket fielder;
8.4;1;McLaren to Watson, 1 run shortish, a bit of width, and he dabs it down to third man with an open bat face;
8.3;?;McLaren to Watson, no run back of a length, angling in towards off stump. Watson goes back and across to block to short cover;
8.2;4;McLaren to Watson, FOUR runs short, wide, and he has to reach across but manages to get nicely on top of the bounce to cut it away in front of square;
8.1;?;McLaren to Watson, no run back of a length, angling in towards middle and off. Looks to work it leg side, can't quite get hold of it and it drops down onto the pitch;
7.6;?;Abbott to Finch, no run a little fuller now, on off stump. Finch is halfway forward to block it into the off side;
7.5;?;Abbott to Finch, no run this one's a little straighter and he shuffles across and squirts it down into the leg side;
7.4;?;Abbott to Finch, no run again he's caught on the crease, on the shuffle, but he manages to squeeze it away into the off side. Lovely length from Abbott;
7.3;?;Abbott to Finch, no run ooooh, that looked close. This one came in from outside off and caught Finch on the back pad, on the shuffle. Not given, and de Villiers doesn't review. Hit him on the flap of the pad, and Hawkeye says it's going over the stumps;
7.2;1;Abbott to Watson, 1 run length ball outside off, looked like he bowled it with an offcutter action. Watson came forward and let it come on before chopping it down to third man;
7.1;?;Abbott to Watson, no run length ball outside off, big stride out and defends into the covers;
6.6;4;McLaren to Finch, FOUR runs shortish, this time he does give him width. This is rubbish bowling from McLaren, and Finch waits on it and steers it away quite fine, third man has no chance of running to his left and cutting it off;
6.5;?;McLaren to Finch, no run back of a length now, angling in. Doesn't have enough room for the cut and he's beaten by the extra bounce;
6.4;4;McLaren to Finch, FOUR runs full again, even more width, and this time it's right off the sweet spot, a lovely, low, skimming hit over cover;
6.3;2;McLaren to Finch, 2 runs fuller now, and McLaren gives him a bit of width outside off. He throws his bat at it and chips it over cover. Doesn't quite middle it and it stops well short of the rope;
6.2;?;McLaren to Finch, no run back of a length, angling in towards off and middle. Finch punches off the back foot to mid-off;
6.1;?;McLaren to Finch, no run length ball outside off, slapped away towards backward point;
5.6;?;Abbott to Watson, no run length ball, angling in towards off stump. Watson presses forward and defends into the off side;
5.5;?;Abbott to Watson, no run fullish, angling in towards off stump, Watson gets a big stride out to punch to mid-off;
5.4;?;Abbott to Watson, no run fullish again, outside off, and he gets forward to defend down the pitch;
5.3;?;Abbott to Watson, no run there's that front pad of Watson's, thrust dangerously in front of his stumps. Abbott angled it in and bowled it fairly full, and his bat came down just in time and he squeezed it off the inside edge onto his pad towards short midwicket;
5.2;1;Abbott to Finch, 1 run fuller now, on off stump, and he punches it down the ground to the left of mid-on;
5.1;?;Abbott to Finch, no run back of a length outside off, a bit of shape away, and he defends towards mid-off, jumping across into a squared-up position;
4.6;?;Steyn to Watson, no run straighter now, on middle stump, and he brings his bat around his front pad to work it towards short midwicket;
4.5;?;Steyn to Watson, no run length ball, a bit closer to off stump, and he gets a big stride forward to drive to mid-off;
4.4;4;Steyn to Watson, FOUR runs full outside off, a touch overpitched with a decent amount of width, and Watson leans over the ball and rolls his wrists through a lovely drive that runs away to the squarish cover boundary;
4.3;?;Steyn to Watson, no run back of a length, closer to off stump, and he plays a backfoot defensive punch into the covers;
4.2;2;Steyn to Watson, 2 runs a bit of width this time and Watson gets his front foot across and drives on the up to the left of short cover;
4.1;?;Steyn to Watson, no run length ball, angling in and straightening from a fourth-stump line. Watson leaves it alone;
3.6;?;Abbott to Finch, no run this one's angled in a bit more and Finch can get behind it and punch solidly to short cover;
3.5;?;Abbott to Finch, no run this one's closer to off stump but the result is the same. Finch's feet are stuck and his hands are poking at everything.;
3.4;?;Abbott to Finch, no run another excellent delivery, back of a length outside off. Finch again pokes away from his body, his feet moving after his bat went, and the ball straightened and missed his outside edge.;
3.3;1;Abbott to Watson, 1 run back of a length outside off, slapped away to the right of third man;
3.2;W;Abbott to Warner, OUT lbw appeal, and it's given. Abbott has struck with a beauty. Warner defended from the crease, playing down the wrong line. It straightened a touch from middle and leg, missed his inside edge and struck him on the back pad, in front of the stumps.;David Warner lbw b Abbott 4 (14m 8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
3.1;?;Abbott to Warner, no run back of a length, angling across towards off stump, and he jumps back and across to block into the off side;
2.6;?;Steyn to Finch, no run back of a length again, a bit closer to off, and he shuffles across to defend to short cover;
2.5;?;Steyn to Finch, no run shout for caught behind, and it isn't given. South Africa are wondering whether to review, and Steyn asks the batsman if he hit it. As if he's going to say yes. It straightened outsode off, from back of a length, and he poked at it with no footwork. Looked like it missed his edge, good thing they didn't review;
2.4;2;Steyn to Finch, 2 runs lovely shot, excellent fielding, marred a bit by the throw. It was a length ball on off stump and he showed it the full face to punch it to the right of mid-off. Parnell dived to his right to stop it and then threw to the bowler's end unneccessarily to give away an overthrow;
2.3;?;Steyn to Finch, no run back of a length outside off, and he uses his wrists to get on top of the bounce and play it down the ground, back towards the bowler;
2.2;?;Steyn to Finch, no run a bit shorter, a bit more width, and he punches it to short cover. Not quite off the middle of the bat;
2.1;?;Steyn to Finch, no run length ball, swinging away from a fourth-stump line. Finch leaves again;
1.6;1;Abbott to Finch, 1 run onto the pads now and he clips it away to long leg;
1.5;?;Abbott to Finch, no run back of a length on off stump, defended into the off side;
1.4;?;Abbott to Finch, no run a little fuller and closer to off stump. Finch gets forward to drive into the covers;
1.3;?;Abbott to Finch, no run length ball outside off, a bit of shape away and Finch leaves it alone;
1.2;1;Abbott to Warner, 1 run a touch too straight again and he skips across to work it away through square leg;
1.1;?;Abbott to Warner, no run back of a length down the leg side. Warner can't get the flick away and it's off his thigh pad through to the keeper;
0.6;1;Steyn to Warner, 1 run back of a length on off stump. Shuffles across and works it off his hips backward of square on the leg side;
0.5;?;Steyn to Warner, no run back of a length on off stump, defended to short cover;
0.4;2;Steyn to Warner, 2 runs back of a length, a touch straight, and he skips onto the back foot to work it off his hips towards square leg;
0.3;?;Steyn to Warner, no run length ball, straightens towards middle stump. Warner goes on the back foot and defends towards short midwicket;
0.2;1;Steyn to Finch, 1 run back of a length outside off, steered to third man off the back foot;
0.1;?;Steyn to Finch, no run outswinger on a nice length outside off. Finch leaves it alone;

6.35pm Here we go again. Australia need 268 to seal the series win. Aaron Finch and David Warner stride out with that aim in their heads, and Dale Steyn is hell bent on preventing them from getting off to a good start.
 Innings Start
South Africa
Australia
4th ODI (D/N), Melbourne, Nov 21 2014, South Africa tour of Australia [November 2014]
267/8
268/7
Player of the match is Steven Smith, AUS
Australia won by 3 wickets (with 6 balls remaining)
