Data
James S: "What happened to that bloke who was saying you were silly for speaking of the possibility of England getting to ~240?" -- I'm sure he'll be back with his tail between his legs... that's how it works, right?
Ali Khan: "44 run in last 3 overs with losing only 1 wicket. Perhaps English should reverse their batting order :)"
Grae: "That partnership could define the game. Aussies were so far ahead. Now I'm not so sure!"
Rose: "Second match in a row that the team batting first lost early wickets but had a couple of good partnerships to propel them to a potentially defendable total... could be a really interesting series this!"
Craig: "Eng 45 runs short of par?" -- I'd be surprised if that turns out to be the case. Morgan predicted at the toss that the pitch would get slower and slower as the game wore on.
4.54pm: So England end on 231 for 9, and I doubt Australia will find it easy to knock those off and seal the series. Batting was a real struggle for England on a tough pitch, with Starc and Hazlewood irresistible with the new ball and Zampa superb through the middle. But Tom Curran added 76 in 9.3 overs with Rashid to propel England to a competitive score, and with a couple of early breakthroughs, they will be right in this one. Saurabh will be here in 30 or so to talk you through the start of the run chase.
49.6;4;Marsh to Archer, FOUR runs slower ball into the pitch, Archer swings cross-batted and sends it back over Marsh's head for four! He set himself early, anticipating the short ball, and picked the slower ball early, bludgeoning it dead-straight down the ground;
49.5;2;Marsh to Archer, 2 runs length on fifth stump, slashed out to wide long-off and they race back for two;
49.4;W;Marsh to Tom Curran, OUT cleaned up this time! A vital 76-run partnership finally comes to an end. Pace on this time, slightly full of a length, and it crashes into middle and leg as Curran looks to heave over the leg side;Tom Curran b Marsh 37 (51m 39b 5x4 0x6) SR: 94.87;
49.3;2;Marsh to Tom Curran, 2 runs hard length, banged in, and Curran top-edges the pull towards mid-on. Finch races in off the fence and throws at the bowler's end, but Rashid just about gets in;
49.2;2;Marsh to Tom Curran, 2 runs length outside off, pulled out towards wide long-on for a scurried two;
49.2;1w;Marsh to Tom Curran, 1 wide slower ball bouncer at the left shoulder, Curran swings at it but can't get bat on it. Gough has a long think, and belatedly calls wide;
49.1;4;Marsh to Tom Curran, FOUR runs slower ball on a length, Curran pulls hard in front of square on the leg side, finding the gap between midwicket and deep backward square to pick up four!;
48.6;1;Cummins to Tom Curran, 1 run slower ball on a length, punched out to the man sweeping on the cover boundary;
48.5;3;Cummins to Rashid, 3 runs full and wide outside off, Rashid gets it away behind square on the off side and Stoinis just about prevents the boundary. They race back for the third, and this is turning into a very expensive over!;
48.4;4;Cummins to Rashid, FOUR runs length outside off, Rashid slugs in front of square and picks up four more! Looked like a slower ball, and Rashid shifted his weight forward, heaving through midwicket;
48.3;6;Cummins to Rashid, SIX runs banged in, back of a length, and Rashid swats at it, sending it over the rope for six! Didn't quite get up as he'd have liked, and Rashid cleared the front leg, hooking towards the shorter boundary. The wind carried it over Labuschagne on the rope, and it's half a dozen more!;
48.2;?;Cummins to Rashid, no run Rashid swats awkwardly at a short ball, which beats him and flies through to Carey;
48.1;4;Cummins to Rashid, FOUR runs full outside off, Rashid frees the arms and lofts over backward point for four to bring up the 50 partnership! Cleared the front leg, opened the face, and chipped it behind square;
45.6;1;Starc to Rashid, 1 run spears in a yorker at the base of the stumps, which Rashid clips out towards midwicket to retain the strike;
45.5;1;Starc to Tom Curran, 1 run fullish on fourth stump, driven out into the off side for a single;
45.4;?;Starc to Tom Curran, no run full outside off, and late tail away from the bat takes it past Curran's swing;
45.3;?;Starc to Tom Curran, no run attempted yorker, turns into a low full toss which Curran shapes to thump into next week, but he doesn't connect;
45.2;?;Starc to Tom Curran, no run slower ball bouncer, which takes Curran by surprise, and he lets it loop through to the keeper;
45.1;4;Starc to Tom Curran, FOUR runs length ball, Curran looks to go down the ground and crunches it back over Starc's head for four more! Stood pretty still, cleared the front leg, and heaved it for four;
44.6;?;Cummins to Rashid, no run hangs a length ball wide of the off stump, Rashid flirts at it and misses;
44.5;?;Cummins to Rashid, no run length ball, angling in, and it strikes Rashid on the pad. Enthusiastic appeal from Cummins, but it looked way too high, and might have struck him outside the line. Finch chooses not to review;
44.5;1w;Cummins to Rashid, 1 wide short ball, loops way over Rashid's head as he ducks, and called wide;
44.4;1;Cummins to Tom Curran, 1 run length ball, edged very fine but Zampa gets round to cut off the boundary;
44.3;4;Cummins to Tom Curran, FOUR runs length on fourth stump, and Curran frees his arms, bludgeoning this straight back down the ground for four! One bounce, cleared his front leg and mowed it back over Cummins' head;
44.2;1;Cummins to Rashid, 1 run slightly full of a length on the stumps, Rashid flicks down to fine leg;
44.1;1;Cummins to Tom Curran, 1 run banged in on a length, Curran clips behind square for a single on the leg side;
47.6;1;Starc to Rashid, 1 run full on fourth stump, pushed out into the covers and they take one to the man on the edge of the ring;
47.5;2;Starc to Rashid, 2 runs slower ball, Rashid shuffles across so Starc hangs it wider of the off stump, and Rashid adjusts accordingly, running it down to wide third man despite being cramped for room;
47.4;1;Starc to Tom Curran, 1 run full on fourth stump, carved out to Warner on the edge of the ring at wide mid-off;
47.4;1w;Starc to Tom Curran, 1 wide slower ball on a length, but down the leg side;
47.3;1;Starc to Rashid, 1 run fullish and straight, Rashid gives himself room to free the arms and heaves towards wide mid-on for a single;
47.2;1;Starc to Tom Curran, 1 run length on the stumps, squirted down to third man with an open face;
47.1;4;Starc to Tom Curran, FOUR runs attempted yorker, which turns into a low full toss. Curran digs it out with an angled bat, opening the face and running it away through third man. Hint of edge, and it runs away fine for four!;
46.6;?;Cummins to Rashid, no run short again at the left shoulder. Rashid swats at it unconvincingly and misses, but it's slightly straighter this time;
46.6;1w;Cummins to Rashid, 1 wide short ball, which Rashid ducks underneath, and Saggers says it's too far down the leg side, much to Cummins' chagrin;
46.5;2;Cummins to Rashid, 2 runs cutter, wide outside off, and carved out towards point. Stoinis' throw from the boundary hits the stumps, and they take a second on the ricochet;
46.4;?;Cummins to Rashid, no run short ball, which takes Rashid by surprise. He looks to swat it into the leg side, but can't get bat on it;
46.3;4;Cummins to Rashid, FOUR runs length on fourth stump, Rashid decides now is the time to accelerate and he heaves a one-bounce four over mid-on! The man was in the ring, and he rightly backed himself to clear himself;
46.2;1;Cummins to Tom Curran, 1 run slower ball, wide outside off. Curran clears the front leg and slashed cross-batted, getting a thick edge out towards third man, who fields on the bounce;
46.1;1;Cummins to Rashid, 1 run fullish outside off, whipped wristily round the corner for one towards long leg;
43.6;?;Zampa to Rashid, no run full legbreak, Rashid lunges forward to defend;
43.5;1;Zampa to Tom Curran, 1 run uses his feet to tickle out to straight midwicket. They run the first one hard hoping for a second, but it's never there;
43.4;1;Zampa to Rashid, 1 run tossed up outside off, smacked down to long-on for a jogged single;
43.3;1;Zampa to Tom Curran, 1 run tossed up outside off, and slashed hard to long-off where Warner fields;
43.2;?;Zampa to Tom Curran, no run lebgreak, down the leg side, and tucked round the corner to short fine leg;
43.1;1;Zampa to Rashid, 1 run full on leg stump, jammed out to wide long-on;
42.6;?;Marsh to Tom Curran, no run beaten! Curran is foxed by a slower ball, which droops past his outside edge as he prods forward;
42.5;1;Marsh to Rashid, 1 run tight to the stumps, and a tight off-stump line. Rashid tickles it round the corner for a single towards fine leg;
42.4;1;Marsh to Tom Curran, 1 run banged in on a length, Curran clips into the leg side hoping for two but it's never there, and they decide against the second;
42.3;2;Marsh to Tom Curran, 2 runs too much width outside off, and cut hard out towards point. Stoinis gets round brilliantly from deep cover, diving to his left to cut off the boundary;
42.2;4;Marsh to Tom Curran, FOUR runs uses his feet again, freeing his arms to a straight length ball and hacking it over midwicket for four! Heaved over the ring, and races away after a couple of bounces;
42.1;?;Marsh to Tom Curran, no run Curran uses his feet, but can't beat short cover as he gives himself room;
41.6;?;Zampa to Rashid, no run prodded defensively towards mid-off;
41.5;?;Zampa to Rashid, no run legbreak down the leg side, Rashid looks to prod into the leg side but it strikes his pad and dribbles onto the next strip;
41.4;?;Zampa to Rashid, no run legbreak on a length, Rashid defends down the pitch;
41.3;1;Zampa to Tom Curran, 1 run googly, tossed up on off stump. Slashed out to deep cover by Curran to finally get off the mark;
41.2;?;Zampa to Tom Curran, no run fullish on fifth stump, nudged to mid-on;
41.1;1;Zampa to Rashid, 1 run drag-down, and Rashid heaves a pull out to square leg;
40.6;?;Hazlewood to Tom Curran, no run immaculate line and length in the off-stump channel, and Curran stays on nought, defending towards cover;
40.5;?;Hazlewood to Tom Curran, no run Curran uses his feet, so Hazlewood drags his length ball. Curran can only steer defensively out towards backward point;
40.4;?;Hazlewood to Tom Curran, no run nails that hard length on fourth stump again, Curran can only defend into the covers;
40.3;?;Hazlewood to Tom Curran, no run good length again, Curran looks to work into the leg side but is struck on the thigh pad and it dribbles down towards his feet;
40.2;1;Hazlewood to Rashid, 1 run length ball, tucked round the corner to long leg;
40.1;W;Hazlewood to Woakes, OUT length ball in the channel, and Woakes is the latest man to nick off! Classic Hazlewood, banged in on a length on fourth or fifth stump, and there's just a fraction of movement away off the seam. That's enough to take the edge as Woakes shapes to punch through the covers, and Carey gobbles up an easy chance. England reeling at 149 for 8!;Chris Woakes c ?Carey b Hazlewood 26 (50m 39b 4x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
39.6;?;Starc to Tom Curran, no run yorker at 86mph/139kph, dug out back down the pitch;
39.5;?;Starc to Tom Curran, no run attempted slower ball, turns into a low full toss on fifth stump but Curran only pats back down the pitch;
39.4;?;Starc to Tom Curran, no run full on leg stump, Curran misses out as he nudges defensively towards mid-on. Hint of late tail on that - ball seems to be reversing;
39.3;1;Starc to Woakes, 1 run length ball, tucked off the hip out to square leg;
39.2;4;Starc to Woakes, FOUR runs half-volley, wide outside off, and Woakes frees his arms, lofting over short cover and flaying this away for four! Room to extend the arms, and gets it comfortably over the man in tight;
39.1;?;Starc to Woakes, no run wide on the crease, Woakes gives himself some room but only defends into the covers;
38.6;?;Hazlewood to Tom Curran, no run length on fifth stump, pressed out to mid-off;
38.5;?;Hazlewood to Tom Curran, no run back of a length, Curran defends while jumping onto the back foot;
38.4;?;Hazlewood to Tom Curran, no run searing yorker at 87mph/141kph, dug out into the leg side;
38.3;?;Hazlewood to Tom Curran, no run length on sixth stump, steered to backward point;
38.2;?;Hazlewood to Tom Curran, no run length ball angling in towards the top of off at 88mph/141kph, defended towards mid-on;
38.1;1;Hazlewood to Woakes, 1 run bit of late movement back in as Woakes inside-edges into the back pad. Strangled appeal, but definitely bat first;
37.6;W;Starc to Sam Curran, OUT nicks him off! Or does he? Gough, standing in his first game since the third Test vs Pakistan, isn't sure if it carried through to Carey. Starc ran his fingers down the side of this, hitting a length on fifth stump, and drew an outside edge as Curran looked to steer towards third man. The catch is a tight call, but it looks like it's going to be given, as Carey had just about got his gloves under the ball. Curran trudges off, Australia have seven!;Sam Curran c ?Carey b Starc 1 (9m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 20;
37.5;1;Starc to Woakes, 1 run low full toss, driven out to deep cover. Attempted yorker, slightly overpitched;
37.4;?;Starc to Woakes, no run banged in on a length at 89mph/144kph, Woakes looks to work to leg but only manages to squirt into the covers via a leading edge;
37.3;?;Starc to Woakes, no run fullish on fifth stump, driven into the covers but Warner gets down brilliantly from in tight to stop it getting through the ring;
37.2;?;Starc to Woakes, no run wide on the crease, Woakes digs out a full ball, nudging towards cover;
37.1;?;Starc to Woakes, no run length outside off, inside-edged towards mid-on;
36.6;?;Zampa to Sam Curran, no run legbreak, shovelled into the leg side off the hip;
36.5;?;Zampa to Sam Curran, no run googly again, blocked out to cover;
36.4;?;Zampa to Sam Curran, no run nudged into the covers defensively;
36.3;1;Zampa to Woakes, 1 run tossed up on off stump, Woakes presses out to long-off;
36.2;1;Zampa to Sam Curran, 1 run googly, fenced to point where Starc misfields, and Curran gets off the mark straightaway;
36.1;W;Zampa to Billings, OUT chopped on! Billings gave himself room to cut but this was too straight and cramped him for room. A flat legbreak, just a hint of turn and it zipped through, taking the bottom edge and diverted onto the stumps. Slightly fuller than Billings anticipated;Sam Billings b Zampa 8 (46m 28b 0x4 0x6) SR: 28.57;
35.6;1;Starc to Billings, 1 run full on the stumps, driven to mid-on;
35.5;1;Starc to Woakes, 1 run fuller outside off, driven to deep cover;
35.4;2;Starc to Woakes, 2 runs full into his pads, flicked uppishly but clears midwicket;
35.3;?;Starc to Woakes, no run length outside off, comes on the front foot and reaches to drive. Fielded by cover;
35.2;1;Starc to Billings, 1 run length ball into him on the stumps, steered to point's right from close to his body, with bat close to pad;
35.1;?;Starc to Billings, no run full one angling into him, driven to extra cover;
34.6;?;Zampa to Woakes, no run tossed up, dips and spins past his bat as he's coming on the front foot to push;
34.5;?;Zampa to Woakes, no run quicker and a bit shorter, on leg and turning across, whipped to midwicket;
34.4;1;Zampa to Billings, 1 run flatter on middle and leg, swept to deep square leg;
34.3;1;Zampa to Woakes, 1 run tossed up on off, driven to long-off;
34.2;?;Zampa to Woakes, no run good length on the stumps, comes on the front foot to defend;
34.1;4;Zampa to Woakes, FOUR runs tossed up on leg stump, but that is a super shot by Woakes. Too full and flicks it with the spin - was the googly - and places it between mid-on and midwicket;
33.6;1;Hazlewood to Woakes, 1 run good connection with the pull shot. Short ball outside off and he hits it sweetly but there is a sweeper who'll clean up;
33.5;?;Hazlewood to Woakes, no run fuller on off, goes to drive, gets it off the inside half of the bat as it trickles to mid-on;
33.4;1;Hazlewood to Billings, 1 run length ball on off, walks across and works it through square;
33.3;?;Hazlewood to Billings, no run back of a length and nipping in, Billings goes to pull but is struck on the thigh pad;
33.2;?;Hazlewood to Billings, no run keeping a tight line outside off, defended towards gully;
33.1;?;Hazlewood to Billings, no run moves well across his stumps to a full ball outside off but can only defend it into the offside;
32.6;?;Zampa to Woakes, no run tossed up full on the stumps, driven to mid-off;
32.5;?;Zampa to Woakes, no run length on off, steered to point;
32.4;4;Zampa to Woakes, FOUR runs full toss, and he doesn't let the gift go. Flat bats it straight past the bowler, good timing and gets the boundary;
32.3;?;Zampa to Woakes, no run fuller, clipped to mid-on;
32.2;?;Zampa to Woakes, no run sharply spinning googly, pitches well outside off and cuts back in. He didn't read it but had enough time to jab it away;
32.1;1;Zampa to Billings, 1 run tossed up on off, driven inside out past extra cover;
31.6;?;Hazlewood to Woakes, no run length ball nipping in, goes to drive, gets it off the inside half of the bat to mid-on.;
31.5;?;Hazlewood to Woakes, no run another one keeps low. Length around off and nipping in, Billings gets his bat down in time to keep the ball out;
31.4;4;Hazlewood to Woakes, FOUR runs flayed through cover and that will break the shackles a bit. Fuller on off, comes on the front foot and slams it;
31.3;?;Hazlewood to Woakes, no run fuller on the pads, flicked away but short midwicket dives to his left to field;
31.2;?;Hazlewood to Woakes, no run beaten. Backing away, but this is on off, on back of a length and moving in a touch. He can't get bat on it;
31.1;?;Hazlewood to Woakes, no run full, tailing into him, driven to mid-off;
30.6;1;Zampa to Woakes, 1 run length ball on the stumps pushed gently and Zampa a bit sloppy there, could have got a maiden for himself and two in a row for Australia by moving to his left and fielding but slips up. They get a single;
30.5;?;Zampa to Woakes, no run tossed up on the stumps, driven to short cover;
30.4;?;Zampa to Woakes, no run;
30.3;?;Zampa to Woakes, no run huge shout but not given again. Inside edge on that. No review. Googly, quicker one that he didn't pick, and was caught on the crease.;
30.2;?;Zampa to Woakes, no run length ball on off, pushed with the turn to cover;
30.1;?;Zampa to Woakes, no run googly, stretches well forward to defend towards mid-on;
29.6;?;Cummins to Billings, no run fuller on the stumps, punched nicely but straight to mid-on. Another maiden;
29.5;?;Cummins to Billings, no run length on the fourth stump again, guided to backward point.;
29.4;?;Cummins to Billings, no run tight line and length nibbling around off stump steered to point;
29.3;?;Cummins to Billings, no run kept low, but Billings did well to get his bat down in time and defend into the offside. Length outside off and jagging back into him;
29.2;?;Cummins to Billings, no run fuller on the stumps, full face of the bat in defence, bounces over the leaping bowler;
29.1;?;Cummins to Billings, no run length on the stumps, defended back to the bowler;
28.6;?;Zampa to Woakes, no run fullish on off, comes forward and jams his bat in defence;
28.5;W;Zampa to Morgan, OUT huge shout not given and Finch reviews. Great loop on this, pitches on a length on middle and turns past his forward defensive to hit him on the knee roll. and it's three reds so that's a fabulous review and an extremely critical wicket. Excellent bowling. Drew him forward, got the ball to dip and turn enough to beat bat but not enough to be missing the stumps;Eoin Morgan lbw b Zampa 42 (100m 52b 5x4 0x6) SR: 80.76;
28.4;1;Zampa to Billings, 1 run fuller and swept hard, deep square leg cleans up;
28.3;?;Zampa to Billings, no run pushed to mid-on;
28.2;?;Zampa to Billings, no run down the track and pushes to mid-on. Wants a single but is wisely sent back. Mid-on and mid-off are both in the circle. and almost carelessly run out was Billings but he's back in the crease. The throw came in and Carey whipped off the bails. Billings was ambling back with bat stuck outside the crease but stepped inside with boot in time;
28.1;?;Zampa to Billings, no run gets some drift, fuller on le gstump, turned to short fine leg;
27.6;?;Cummins to Morgan, no run length on the stumps, punched to midwicket;
27.5;1;Cummins to Billings, 1 run banged in short, rises up to the helmet but Billings takes it on, swivels back and pulls to deep square leg;
27.4;?;Cummins to Billings, no run beaten. Length ball outside off, Billings is getting down low to steer it but it bounces over his bat;
27.3;1;Cummins to Morgan, 1 run short outside off, pulls with authority but Marnus is at deep square leg and fields;
27.2;4;Cummins to Morgan, FOUR runs stunning from Morgan. Seemed like an off-balance push but it goes straight past the bowler and into the boundary. He was making room, Cummins bowled it full, Morgan seemed to gently punch it back, off the toe end of the bat. Timed well enough to go all the way;
27.1;?;Cummins to Morgan, no run length ball coming into him, punched back;
26.6;?;Zampa to Billings, no run tossed up full on the stumps, whips a drive, but to mid-on;
26.5;1;Zampa to Morgan, 1 run tossed up on leg stump, turned to short fine leg's right;
26.4;?;Zampa to Morgan, no run tossed up outside off, clipped back to the bowler on the front foot;
26.3;1;Zampa to Billings, 1 run tossed up outside off, fuller, slaps a drive to extra cover;
26.2;?;Zampa to Billings, no run nice drift, on a length, pushes him back and he tentatively jabs it down;
26.1;1;Zampa to Morgan, 1 run length outside off, opens the face to guide to point;
25.6;?;Cummins to Billings, no run yorker on off stump, dug out to mid-on. No single. wicket maiden;
25.5;?;Cummins to Billings, no run length on off, angling into him from a bit wider of the crease, steered to backward point;
25.4;?;Cummins to Billings, no run length ball coming into him, defended towards mid-on;
25.3;W;Cummins to Buttler, OUT trapped in front but Buttler reviews immediately. Inside edge? After moving the last one away, Cummins brought this one back in. Buttler was pushing at it and it beats his bat. No inside edge. Hits in line and umpire's call on hitting the stumps! Buttler will have to go, what a great bowling change once again from Finch.;Jos Buttler lbw b Cummins 3 (14m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 42.85;
25.2;?;Cummins to Buttler, no run fuller on off, clipped to midwicket;
25.1;?;Cummins to Buttler, no run length in the channel, moving away, pushes at it but beaten;
24.6;?;Zampa to Morgan, no run slightly quicker, played into the offside on the back foot;
24.5;?;Zampa to Morgan, no run length on the stumps, pushed back to the bowler;
24.4;?;Zampa to Morgan, no run flatter and quicker, nudged to short third man;
24.3;4;Zampa to Morgan, FOUR runs oh nicely done. Morgan's shifted gears from 2 to 5 in the blink of an eye almost. Not that tossed up, but he gets to the pitch with a stride and uses wrists to drive over the in-field;
24.2;4;Zampa to Morgan, FOUR runs reverse swept fine and he'll get a boundary. Great execution. Tossed up on off and he committed to the shot early, and got the placement right;
24.1;?;Zampa to Morgan, no run fuller on off, driven to mid-off;
23.6;1;Marsh to Morgan, 1 run length on off, pushes it gently but wide of the fielder at cover and towards long-off for a single;
23.5;4;Marsh to Morgan, FOUR runs gorgeous. Full outside off, comes on the front foot and uses his wrists to power a drive over cover and into the boundary;
23.4;1;Marsh to Buttler, 1 run half a step down the track and flicks this length ball from his pads to fine leg;
23.3;1;Marsh to Morgan, 1 run dug in short but doesn't bounce much, Morgan pulls to deep square leg.;
23.2;?;Marsh to Morgan, no run fuller outside off, driven but off the toe-end and cover fields;
23.1;1;Marsh to Buttler, 1 run back of a length on off, turned backward of square;
22.6;?;Zampa to Morgan, no run length ball on the stumps, stays still and carefully pats it down towards short leg;
22.5;1;Zampa to Buttler, 1 run some drift into him but a bit too full, shovelled to fine leg;
22.4;?;Zampa to Buttler, no run tossed up, full on the stumps, driven to a very straight mid-on;
22.3;W;Zampa to Root, OUT caught at slip. The move works, both to bring in Zampa and to have a slip for the right-hander. Nicely tossed up, Root's taking a step forward, but the ball dips before he can get to the pitch and turns just enough to take the outside edge. Smart take from Finch, to his right.;Joe Root c Finch b Zampa 39 (88m 73b 4x4 1x6) SR: 53.42;
22.2;2;Zampa to Root, 2 runs tossed up, a bit too full, allows Root to sweep to deep square leg;
22.1;1;Zampa to Morgan, 1 run tossed up on the stumps, goes right back and gently turns it into the legside;
21.6;?;Marsh to Root, no run length on off, dabbed towards point. No single as the fielder comes swooping in;
21.5;1;Marsh to Morgan, 1 run length ball down leg, flicked off his hips to deep backward square leg;
21.4;1;Marsh to Root, 1 run too full, tailing onto leg stump, flicked to fine leg off the toe-end of the bat;
21.3;?;Marsh to Root, no run length on the stumps, goes back and across to flick, but can't beat midwicket;
21.2;3;Marsh to Morgan, 3 runs down the track and goes over the in-field. Bat turned in his hand and not timed that at all but it lands safely over extra cover. Not enough legs on it to go to the boundary though;
21.1;?;Marsh to Morgan, no run length ball, cramping him for room, tries to cut from close to his body. Ball doesn't travel much towards short third man, no single;
20.6;6;Stoinis to Root, SIX runs bang goes Root! Dances down the track and disdainfully pulls a short ball. Nice thwacking sound off the bat as it flies hard and straight over midwicket.;
20.5;?;Stoinis to Root, no run length ball nipping in, jabbed towards backward point;
20.4;4;Stoinis to Root, FOUR runs good shot and that will give Root a bit of a breather. Back of a length on off, stays still and punches through cover with beautiful timing. Finds the boundary;
20.3;1;Stoinis to Morgan, 1 run nicely done, length ball going across him, waits and late cuts it to third man. There is a fielder there so only one run;
20.2;1;Stoinis to Root, 1 run back of a length on the fourth stump, he moves across and pulls to deep square leg. Ball didn't really bounce much;
20.1;1;Stoinis to Morgan, 1 run back of a length on leg stump, swivels pulls it, gets a bit of an under-edge to fine leg;
19.6;?;Marsh to Root, no run clipped to midwicket;
19.5;1;Marsh to Morgan, 1 run down the track again, gets a bit of an inside edge to deep square leg trying to swing through the line;
19.4;1;Marsh to Root, 1 run some shape in the air and misfield by Warner at cover allows a single. Strange one. Full ball driven, but not timed, and Warner just seemed to lose it while bending down to collect;
19.3;1;Marsh to Morgan, 1 run sticking in the pitch a bit, on a length on the stumps, Morgan backing away but can't create enough room, ends up jabbing it close to his body to mid-off;
19.3;1w;Marsh to Morgan, 1 wide strays down leg a bit with this back of length one and he'll have to re-bowl that;
19.2;?;Marsh to Morgan, no run down the track but this was dug into the pitch on a line just outside off, and Morgan can't get to the pitch, ends up bunting it with a flat bat to cover;
19.1;1lb;Marsh to Root, 1 leg bye fuller sliding down leg, misses the flick but it takes the pad to backward square leg and they get a single;
18.6;2;Stoinis to Morgan, 2 runs back of a length outside off, Morgan stays low and cuts it late to third man's left. They sprint back for the second;
18.5;?;Stoinis to Morgan, no run length on the stumps, nudged to midwicket;
18.4;4;Stoinis to Morgan, FOUR runs just out of reach of Cummins at deep square leg. Not sure Stoinis intended to bowl a short ball on leg stump given his field, but Morgan moves across and swivels to pull hard. Cummins at deep square leg dives to his left, would have been a spectacular catch if he had got to it. But it eludes him;
18.3;?;Stoinis to Morgan, no run good length nipping across gently, defended solidly from the crease;
18.2;1;Stoinis to Root, 1 run fuller outside off, flicked to mid-on by walking across and gets a single;
18.1;?;Stoinis to Root, no run slower ball back of a length to start off, on leg stump. Root was moving to pull but too early into the shot and ends up missing it;
17.6;1;Marsh to Root, 1 run finally gets one away. Length outside off, gets down low and late cuts to third man;
17.5;?;Marsh to Root, no run and that is what happens when you're struggling for runs. Gets one a bit short and pulls fiercely. Not perfectly timed but would have got runs if he had placed it better. But short midwicket dives to his left and saves;
17.4;?;Marsh to Root, no run half a step down and flicks it, beats midwicket but can't beat mid-on who was moving to his right to cut it off. Still no single for Root;
17.3;?;Marsh to Root, no run still not finding the gaps is Root. Back of a length on off, goes on the back foot to punch, straight to cover;
17.2;?;Marsh to Root, no run back of a length outside off, doesn't bounce much, Root stays beside it and punches to point;
17.1;1;Marsh to Morgan, 1 run fuller on the pads, turned to deep square leg;
16.6;?;Cummins to Root, no run jags back in sharply from outside off and Root wears a blow on the abdomen trying to pull this;
16.5;?;Cummins to Root, no run half an appeal as this one is dug in short and sliding down leg. He moves inside the line to pull, but doesn't connect.;
16.4;1;Cummins to Morgan, 1 run short ball, Morgan decides to attack but gets an under-edge on the pull that rolls down to fine leg;
16.3;?;Cummins to Morgan, no run fuller on the stumps, tries to stroke it through cover, but not timed;
16.2;?;Cummins to Morgan, no run length on the stumps, trying to deny him room. Morgan cuts from close to his body but point stops it to his right;
16.1;3;Cummins to Root, 3 runs uppish but in the gap through backward point. Full outside off, he opens the face to drive;
15.6;2;Marsh to Morgan, 2 runs another misfield, by short midwicket this time. Shimmies down the track and flicks it off his pads. The fielder lets it go through, though admittedly he didn't have a whole lot of time to react. Still should have stopped it. They get a couple;
15.5;1;Marsh to Root, 1 run length ball, straighter, flicked to midwicket's right for a single;
15.4;?;Marsh to Root, no run back of a length on off, whipped off the back foot but can't go past midwicket;
15.3;?;Marsh to Root, no run;
15.2;4;Marsh to Root, FOUR runs back of a length outside off, punched off the back foot and there's a misfield at point which means it goes through and finds the boundary. Marnus there I think, who was moving to his left and tumbled to stop it but made a hash of it;
15.1;?;Marsh to Root, no run fuller on off, almost falls over while going across and clipping towards mid-on;
14.6;?;Cummins to Morgan, no run keeps up the short ball attack, this one into the rib cage and Morgan defends it back from the crease;
14.5;?;Cummins to Morgan, no run follows it up with a better bouncer, over leg stump again but this one forces Morgan to duck under it;
14.5;1w;Cummins to Morgan, 1 wide bouncer, but banged down too short over leg stump and that'll be a wide for height;
14.4;?;Cummins to Morgan, no run length ball on leg, going across him, defended back down the pitch;
14.3;1;Cummins to Root, 1 run bangs this in short outside off but Root rides the bounce nicely to steer it to third man from his chest;
14.2;?;Cummins to Root, no run ooh, swing and a miss. Not full enough to drive and on the fifth stump, Root aimed an ambitious drive on the up but didn't connect;
14.1;?;Cummins to Root, no run length outside off, jags back in and he bunts it towards mid-on;
13.6;?;Marsh to Morgan, no run nagging line on off stump, Morgan defends from a length and that's another maiden;
13.5;?;Marsh to Morgan, no run pushed across Morgan, who tries to cut but is cramped for room, and bottom-edges through to Carey on the bounce;
13.4;?;Marsh to Morgan, no run length ball nudged towards mid-on, tidy start from Marsh;
13.3;?;Marsh to Morgan, no run back of a length ball, doesn't really get up off the surface and Marsh belts out an appeal as it hits Morgan on the pad! Finch isn't interested, though. Slower ball, and looked like it was going over the top;
13.2;?;Marsh to Morgan, no run Marsh is tight to the stumps, and Morgan is cramped for room shaping to cut;
13.1;?;Marsh to Morgan, no run pushed across him, Morgan times this sweetly in front of square but can't get it past cover point, Sams on as a sub, in the ring;
12.6;?;Cummins to Root, no run slightly fuller on fourth stump, Root's hand comes off the bat as he shapes to drive and it dribbles towards cover;
12.5;?;Cummins to Root, no run back of a length outside off, steered to backward point where Maxwell leaps like a salmon to his left and keeps the pressure building;
12.4;?;Cummins to Root, no run length on fourth stump, stabbed to backward point with an open face;
12.3;?;Cummins to Root, no run beaten! Root's bat has lost its magical powers. Immaculate line and length from Cummins, Root is cramped for room while shaping to drive and it flies past the shoulder of the bat;
12.2;?;Cummins to Root, no run length on sixth stump, Root gets across to work towards midwicket;
12.1;?;Cummins to Root, no run length on fifth stump at 88mph/141kph, nudged to short cover;
11.6;1;Hazlewood to Root, 1 run length on fifth stump, steered down to third man to keep the strike;
11.5;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run slightly overpitched on fourth stump, Root drives down the ground with a straight bat but can't beat mid-on;
11.4;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run length on fourth stump, Root defends to short cover on the bounce;
11.3;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run length on off stump, defended back to the bowler;
11.2;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run length outside off, checked drive out to mid-off;
11.1;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run length in the channel, nudged to Maxwell at point;
10.6;1;Cummins to Root, 1 run length on off stump, Root rocks onto the back foot and clips through square leg to keep the strike;
10.5;4;Cummins to Root, FOUR runs beautiful shot! Bit of a half-volley from Cummins, too much width and Root brings out an exquisite cover drive. It flies off the middle of that new bat and away for four!;
10.4;4;Cummins to Root, FOUR runs or maybe it was! Length ball on fourth stump, Root heaves across the line and gets it just past backward square leg in the ring;
10.3;?;Cummins to Root, no run nips in from a length, clipped to square leg;
10.2;?;Cummins to Root, no run very full on off stump at 88mph/142kph, Root digs it out, straight to short midwicket on the bounce;
10.1;?;Cummins to Root, no run length on off stump, nudged to short midwicket;
9.6;?;Hazlewood to Morgan, no run length ball outside off, Morgan has a flirt but can't lay bat on it;
9.5;?;Hazlewood to Morgan, no run fuller on leg stump, clipped to mid-on by Morgan;
9.4;?;Hazlewood to Morgan, no run back of a length, nudged towards mid-off with a straight bat;
9.3;1;Hazlewood to Root, 1 run length outside off, steered behind square on the off side to finally get off 2!;
9.2;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run slightly full of a length on fourth stump, nudged to short cover;
9.1;1;Hazlewood to Morgan, 1 run back of a length, clipped off the hip through backward square leg. Root set off for two but was sent back by a "no, no, no!" from his captain;
8.6;?;Starc to Root, no run back of a length, more width outside off, and Root bottom-edges the cut through to Carey on the bounce;
8.5;?;Starc to Root, no run bit of width outside off, Root swings and misses again! Shaped for a wristy cut but lost his shape and was late on the shot;
8.4;?;Starc to Root, no run banged in, back of a length at 88mph/142kph, and steered into the off side;
8.3;?;Starc to Root, no run outswinger on a length, left alone;
8.2;1;Starc to Morgan, 1 run length on the pads, whipped down to long leg;
8.1;?;Starc to Morgan, no run length ball on fifth stump, beats Morgan's dangled bat. No real foot movement;
7.6;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run length on off stump, Root defends to short cover to complete a second maiden for Hazlewood;
7.5;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run width outside off, Root frees his arms to cut and connects well, but can't beat Maxwell at backward point on the bounce;
7.4;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run length on the hip, clipped into the leg side and Stoinis at short midwicket dives to his right at full stretch to cut it off;
7.3;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run beauty! Nips away off the seam to beat Root's defensive push as he comes down the pitch. Wry smiles from both bowler and batsman;
7.2;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run nips in off the seam to hit Root on the thigh pad. No appeal, going over the top and possibly down leg too;
7.1;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run length outside off, bit of width but it dies off the surface and flies under Root's bat;
6.6;W;Starc to Root, OUT length on off stump, nudged into the covers for a sharp single and a direct hit means he's gone! Roy was running to the danger end and was miles short of his ground. Brilliant stuff from Stoinis, who picks up and throws in one smooth movement, and sets off in celebration after knocking down the stumps. Australia are buzzing!;Jason Roy run out (Stoinis) 21 (38m 22b 4x4 0x6) SR: 95.45;
6.5;?;Starc to Root, no run length in the channel, Root attempts his trademark guide down to third man but is cramped for room, and can't get bat on it. Looks out of nick!;
6.4;?;Starc to Root, no run hint of movement in off the seam as Root drives a full ball to mid-off. 91mph/146kph - good pace throughout this first spell from Starc;
6.3;?;Starc to Root, no run banged in on a length, steered to point on the bounce with an open face;
6.2;?;Starc to Root, no run wild waft outside the off stump at a 90mph/146kph half-volley, and no connection;
6.1;?;Starc to Root, no run beauty! Straight past the outside edge as Root is half-forward, half-back while defending. Starc angles this across him, and a hint of nibble away takes it past the bat;
6.1;1w;Starc to Root, 1 wide sprayed very wide of the off stump. Left alone, and called wide;
5.6;?;Hazlewood to Roy, no run length in the channel, dabbed into the ground on the crease;
5.5;?;Hazlewood to Roy, no run short outside off, Roy uses his feet to come down but can only swat to the cover-point fielder;
5.4;1;Hazlewood to Root, 1 run full and straight, nudged in front of square on the leg side via the inside half of the bat;
5.3;1;Hazlewood to Roy, 1 run length outside off, Roy swivel-pulls into the leg side but hits the sweeper;
5.2;1;Hazlewood to Root, 1 run shimmies down to flick into the leg side and scamper through for a single to wide mid-on. Doesn't look like that injury is causing him too much trouble, then;
5.1;1;Hazlewood to Roy, 1 run bit of nibble away, but Root steers behind square on the leg side as he comes across;
4.6;?;Starc to Root, no run inside-edged into the body, and Root hits the deck! Length ball pushed across him as he looked to drive through the covers, but he only managed to inside-edge into the back knee and will get some treatment from the physio;
4.5;4lb;Starc to Root, 4 leg byes nibbles in from back of a length, and Root looks to flick into the leg side. It strikes him on the backside, and runs away fine for four leg byes;
4.4;?;Starc to Root, no run banged in on a length, Root opens the face to guide it into the covers;
4.3;?;Starc to Root, no run slightly full of a length on fourth stump, driven to mid-off;
4.2;?;Starc to Root, no run back of a length outside off, Root drops the hands and sways inside the line;
4.1;W;Starc to Bairstow, OUT edged, gone! 90mph/145kph, pushed across the right-hander, and Bairstow nicks off. Starc had been hooping the ball into the batsmen but this one held its line and took the edge of Bairstow's apologetic prod. Australia get their breakthrough;Jonny Bairstow c ?Carey b Starc 0 (20m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
3.6;4;Hazlewood to Roy, FOUR runs shorter this time but too wide, and Roy flays through point for four more! He's up and running now, square-cutting to get it in between backward point and cover in the circle;
3.5;4;Hazlewood to Roy, FOUR runs just a fraction overpitched for once, and Roy clips off the pads through square leg for four;
3.4;?;Hazlewood to Roy, no run length on sixth stump, nudged to short extra cover;
3.3;?;Hazlewood to Roy, no run hard length on off stump, chokes the bat with the bottom hand to work to short midwicket;
3.2;4;Hazlewood to Roy, FOUR runs uses his feet to skip down and give himself room to flay through wide mid-off for four! No timing, right off the toe, but enough power to get through the ring;
3.1;?;Hazlewood to Roy, no run banged in on a length at 85mph/137kph, Roy is beaten for pace and struck on the back thigh. Bit of seam movement into the batsman;
2.6;1;Starc to Roy, 1 run slightly full of a length on sixth stump, Roy shuffles across to the off side and plays tip-and-run to mid-on, just about making his ground as Cummins throws slightly wide of the stumps;
2.5;?;Starc to Roy, no run short ball in at the biceps, down the leg side, but not called wide this time as Roy ducks;
2.4;?;Starc to Roy, no run slightly full of a length, Roy skips outside leg stump to give himself room to hit over the off-side ring, but misses it completely;
2.4;1w;Starc to Roy, 1 wide short ball at the left shoulder, 90mph/146kph, but too straight and too high;
2.3;?;Starc to Roy, no run good length, angling across the right-hander with a bit of width at 90mph/145kph. Roy throws the bat again, but again can't make contact;
2.2;?;Starc to Roy, no run length ball at 88mph/142kph outside the off stump. Roy has a flash but can't lay bat on it;
2.1;4;Starc to Roy, FOUR runs length ball pushed across him, pushed sweetly but straight to wide-ish mid-on... and straight through him! Races away for four. Sloppy stuff from Cummins, and Starc looks to the sky in frustration;
1.6;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run length outside off, nudged into the covers but straight to the fielder to complete a maiden over;
1.5;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run short outside off, Bairstow looks to free his arms with the pull but can't lay bat on it;
1.4;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run Back of a length wide of off, flays at it with feet rooted, no connection;
1.3;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run Good length on off, defended from the crease;
1.2;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run good length on the stumps, patted back;
1.1;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run drops short of midwicket Back of a length outside off, he goes to pull, gets a top edge that dinks down just out of reach of the fielder;
0.6;?;Starc to Roy, no run length going a mite across him, stays beside it and pushes to point;
0.5;?;Starc to Roy, no run excellent line, hitting the hard length and nibbling at off, defended from the crease. Nips into him a tad again;
0.4;?;Starc to Roy, no run going across him from over the wicket and tailing into him. Roy goes to drive it, but inside edges onto pad;
0.3;2;Starc to Roy, 2 runs pacy inswinger at 88mph, almost yorker length on off, Roy is coming forward but gets an inside edge that rolls to fine leg;
0.2;?;Starc to Roy, no run trapped in front but Roy reviews. That was a mighty close shout, pitched in line and nipped back in. Height may be an issue. and it is going over the stumps, so Roy survives. But he was playing all around that one, beaten by the movement inwards and groping with bat well away from ball;
0.1;?;Starc to Roy, no run nice line and length in the channel outside off, lets it go;

12.58 pm: Roy and Bairstow punch gloves at the boundary edge and walk in. Australia already taking up their positions on the ground. Mitchell Starc, who passed a fitness test this morning, has the ball. Nasser Hussain says on air the fitness test was a very long one, he bowled for 20 minutes. One slip. Roy to take first strike.
Thanks Matt. Let's see how England battle Hazlewood and company today.
12.55pm: Five mins or so until the start - here's Saurabh to talk you through the opening stages.
Ramesh: "Who is the 6th bowler for England? Top 6 is full of wicket Keepers." -- Root might get a few overs, I'd suggest. Though they only used five on Friday.
My colleague Saurabh Somani points out that this is the first time the Currans will be part of the same England XI in a home international.
Here's CA's statement on Smith's absence: "Steve passed both assessments, but we have decided to rest him as an extra precaution in line with our high level of focus on duty of care to all players"
Bill Lee: "Moeen's stats does indeed look awful, but is there anyone knocking on the door to replace him?" -- That's the big question, I guess. Livingstone does a different job, and I'm not sure they'd want to pick two specialist leggies with Parkinson (and Crane) next in the pecking order. So... Dawson?
Wonder if this is the beginning of the end for Moeen in ODIs for England? He was a key cog between his debut and 2017, but his record in the last two years is pretty ugly and he'll be 37 come the next WC. That said, England don't have many like-for-like replacements: Liam Dawson is the closest, but is currently injured, has a lower ceiling, and spins the ball the same direction as Rashid.
Otto: "Bizarre that Finch wasn't questioned about Smith absence" -- Agreed! CA told us he had passed his second concussion test yesterday and would be good to go. Let's hope he's OK.
England: 1 Jason Roy, 2 Jonny Bairstow, 3 Joe Root, 4 Eoin Morgan (captain), 5 Jos Buttler (wk), 6 Sam Billings, 7 Sam Curran, 8 Chris Woakes, 9 Tom Curran, 10 Adil Rashid, 11 Jofra Archer
Australia: 1 David Warner, 2 Aaron Finch (captain), 3 Marcus Stoinis, 4 Marnus Labuschagne, 5 Mitchell Marsh, 6 Alex Carey (wk), 7 Glenn Maxwell, 8 Pat Cummins, 9 Mitchell Starc, 10 Adam Zampa, 11 Josh Hazlewood
Morgan and Finch are in the middle. The coin goes up, and England will bat first after winning the toss. "It's the same wicket as the other day," Morgan says. "It might potentially get a little bit worse this afternoon. It probably didn't spin as much as we thought it was going to [on Friday] but if you hit the right area, there's a bit on offer." The Currans are in for Wood [rested, ankle niggle] and Moeen [tactical decision].
"We'd have batted first on this wicket, it being a used wicket," says Finch. "We've gone with the same team. Starc is fine, he's ready to go. The way we fought back against the spin was really impressive and in the first ten overs we bowled nicely." No Smith after all - no mention of his absence at the toss. We'll bring you any news on that as we get it.
12.25pm: They're using the same pitch today, by the way, so expect this to follow a similar pattern to the first game - it could be hard work for batsmen against the new ball, and 250 or so could be a handy first-innings total. Five minutes until the toss.
Bill Lee: "Hi Matt, who would Smithy replace if he comes back in today?" -- Stoinis is probably the obvious man to drop out, despite a useful innings on Friday.
"Thanks, Mustafa. We'll take Smith, I think (and keep him for the tests)," chuckles Stephen
Mustafa Moudi: "While Australia is struggling to find a single Good WK-Batsman (Carey has scored just 141 Runs in 12 innings @ 11.75 since WC 2019) England has 3 Good WK-Batsmen in their Playing XI. On the Other Hand, England is struggling to find a 6th Bowler, Australia already has 9 Bowlers (Except Warner and Carey). Both these sides to consider a Swap where Aussie can choose from Bairstow, Buttler & Billings and England gets one of Maxwell, Marsh, Smith & Labus !!"
Mahaveerjain: "Will Smith play Today?" -- Yep, we're expecting Smith to come back in after he passed a concussion test. Still time to pick him in your fantasy team - here are our picks, if that's your bag.
Andy: "Was Sam Billings' maiden hundred REALLY superb? He has received all the plaudits for getting a ton at only a run a ball when the circumstances required urgency. England lost the game because they didn't score fast enough. He spent more time at the crease than anyone else and should have been at least trying to score quicker." -- Hmm, he came in at 57 for 4 with his partner on 21 off 52. And if any of England's lower order had managed a contribution similar to Starc's in the first innings, they might well have got there.
12.10pm: Mitchell Marsh may be the butt of the joke more often than not, but he has quietly put together a decent run over the last 12 months or so in one-day cricket. Andrew McGlashan wrote about his role in the side ahead of this one. Meanwhile, Billings knows that despite his innings on Friday, he remains an understudy for the time being.
"Beautiful day in Manchester," reports our man in the bubble, George Dobell. Makes a nice change!
12.00pm: Hello and welcome to ESPNcricinfo's live ball-by-ball coverage of the 2nd ODI between England and Australia in Manchester. Australia got across the line despite stumbling to 123 for 5 on Friday, with Glenn Maxwell's pyrotechnics complementing Mitchell Marsh's grit to propel them up towards 300. England's chase never got started, and despite a superb maiden international hundred from Sam Billings, they never really looked like getting over the line. They need a win today to avoid a first ODI series defeat at home since 2015. I'm Matt Roller and will be joined by Saurabh Somani to talk you through this one.
 Innings Start
9.22pm: That'll be that from us today. Valkerie's report will appear here pretty shortly, and George will have some analysis on Morgan's captaincy from the ground later tonight. Thanks for joining Saurabh, Ranjith, Thilak and me throughout the afternoon and evening, and we'll be back with you for the third and deciding ODI on Wednesday. Cheers!
Here's the presentation. Aaron Finch: "We knew that it would be tough for new batters to start on a wicket like that, but still very disappointed. [How do you stop a collapse?] That's a million-dollar question. We might not have been 100% committed to our plans, and might have overplayed the situation in our heads. [Death bowling] They played nicely. We bowled a touch wide and gave them a few opportunities to free their arms. [Conditions] They're no excuse for that collapse. Not the most viewer-friendly contest, but there was a contest between bat and ball. When you've got an opportunity to see the chase home, you're disappointed."
Jofra Archer is player of the match: "You try to feel as good as possible. [What did Morgan say?] He gives us the freedom to bowl whatever we want. He very seldom tells us 'no'. This is a second-day wicket, so you have to do too much - you don't have to get too funky with variations."
Eoin Morgan: [Fun?] Yeah, definitely it. It's a confidence-booster for myself and the team. When the bowlers bat like that, it makes the captain look good. But that was as well as we've bowled for a while. It reversed a little bit, went up and down... full credit to the guys collectively. [All-in with Woakes/Archer] It was the only way we were going to win the game. It was like your stack is going low and you need to go in pretty soon if you want something to happen. The bowlers made us look good, particularly when Jof and Woakesy came back against Labuschagne and Finchy."
Jon Y: "...and once again Rashid gets a wicket with the last ball of his spell..."
Kaig: "What a choke!"
Mani: "For me the MoM should be given to Morgan for his stunning captaincy!"
Jimmy: "Well done England but hang on, is this Jos Butler's first stumping as a wicket keeper in an international game?" -- Err, no. In fact, only Godfrey Evans has more stumpings for England.
9.10 pm: Magnificent win by England. They looked dead and buried at various stages while batting and bowling, but just kept at it. While batting, the depth in the line-up meant they could put up a total that gave them something to bowl at. While bowling, the Archer-Woakes duo broke the game open with an incredible mid-innings burst. Morgan took the bold decision to bowl them both out by the 35th over, and it paid off how! Stick around for the presentations, they are bound to be interesting.
48.4;W;Rashid to Carey, OUT stumped by a mile! and England have kept the series alive. The slog sweep weren't working for Carey so he shimmies down the track. Rashid bowls a third successive googly - Carey hasn't been reading them anyway - and this is out of his reach, spinning further away. Fast hands by Buttler to whip the bails off and seal the win.;Alex Carey st ?Buttler b Rashid 36 (80m 41b 2x4 0x6) SR: 87.8;
48.3;?;Rashid to Carey, no run googly and he misses it! Clearing his front leg to sweep that into oblivion, can't get bat on it with the google floated up on off and turning away;
48.2;1lb;Rashid to Hazlewood, 1 leg bye quick single taken. Tossed up googly that Hazlewood didn't read, was trying to tickle it fine, goes into the offside;
48.1;1;Rashid to Carey, 1 run flat and fullish, goes for the slog-sweep, but only gets the bottom edge to short fine leg.;
47.6;1;Sam Curran to Carey, 1 run back of a length, tucked out to square leg to keep the strike;
47.5;2;Sam Curran to Carey, 2 runs bustling line and length, Carey heaves it down the ground with a grunt, but no timing. It trickles down towards long-on, and they'll pinch a second run;
47.4;4;Sam Curran to Carey, FOUR runs back of a length, Carey gets it up over mid-off for four! Slightly too short from Curran, banged into the pitch, and Carey swung hard, cross-batted, to send it over the rope after a couple of bounces;
47.3;1;Sam Curran to Hazlewood, 1 run width outside the off stump, cut away in front of square to get Carey back on strike;
47.2;1;Sam Curran to Carey, 1 run banged in on a length, punched out towards wide extra cover and they pinch a single;
47.1;1;Sam Curran to Hazlewood, 1 run bustling medium pace, tight to the stumps, and Hazlewood clips into the leg side from the top of off to get off strike;
46.6;4;Rashid to Carey, FOUR runs brings out the slog-sweep to a full ball, flat on off stump, and finally gets his first boundary! Eventually gets one out the middle, and it races away in front of square to beat Billings diving to his right at deep midwicket;
46.5;1;Rashid to Hazlewood, 1 run flat legbreak, clipped off the hip for one more to square leg;
46.4;1;Rashid to Carey, 1 run fired into the pitch, heaved out to long-on for one more;
46.3;2;Rashid to Carey, 2 runs brings out the reverse, jumping across towards the leg side, and laps it to Tom Curran at third man who put it down! Leaping at full stretch, gets a fingertip on it, and parries it down to third man;
46.2;1;Rashid to Hazlewood, 1 run googly again, Hazlewood keeps his eye on it and pulls unconvincingly for one through midwicket;
46.1;1;Rashid to Carey, 1 run googly, pulled across the line out to deep backward square;
45.6;1;Sam Curran to Carey, 1 run keeps the strike for the next over with a single through square leg;
45.5;?;Sam Curran to Carey, no run tries to drive, but no timing, and straight back down the pitch;
45.4;1;Sam Curran to Hazlewood, 1 run length on off, patted to long-on;
45.3;1;Sam Curran to Carey, 1 run just can't get them away. This one is dug into a length and doesn't come on to the bat as Carey shapes to slap it away. Gets it through cover but no further;
45.2;1lb;Sam Curran to Hazlewood, 1 leg bye slips in the short ball, Hazlewood tries o paddle-pull it and the ball misses bat but hits his body and drops at his feet. Sam rushes across in his follow through and kicks the ball onto the stumps but Carey was quick off the blocks and makes his ground;
45.1;?;Sam Curran to Hazlewood, no run floats up a fuller ball on the stumps, flicked to short midwicket;
44.6;1;Tom Curran to Hazlewood, 1 run oh he's going to take the single and keep strike. Fuller on the pads, glanced to fine leg;
44.5;1;Tom Curran to Carey, 1 run back of a length, swats a pull to wide long-on, again not well timed;
44.4;?;Tom Curran to Carey, no run punchy drive but straight to extra cover. This was full and on middle, he made some room and connected well, but not in the gap;
44.3;?;Tom Curran to Carey, no run saw him backing away and he bowls a slower ball full and wide of off. Carey ends up trying to reach for it and can't connect;
44.2;1;Tom Curran to Hazlewood, 1 run length ball angling into him on the pads, comfortably tucked through square leg for a single;
44.1;1;Tom Curran to Carey, 1 run backs away but Curran follows him and he can only mis-time the pull to wide long-on. Doesn't get a second;
43.6;1;Sam Curran to Carey, 1 run inside edge onto pad off his attempted punch, but he ball goes slowly into the covers and they take a single;
43.5;W;Sam Curran to Zampa, OUT pops up straight in the air and Archer moves to his right at mid-off and holds it with both hands above his head. That's the end of Zampa. Was moving away again and aiming to go down the ground, too early into the shot and it just spoons up.;Adam Zampa c Archer b SM Curran 2 (20m 19b 0x4 0x6) SR: 10.52;
43.4;?;Sam Curran to Zampa, no run length ball outside off, another big swipe across the line, takes the bottom edge off the end of the bat and bounces down;
43.3;?;Sam Curran to Zampa, no run and he changes up from bowling it short and into him to bowling a yorker on the fifth stump. Zampa tries to get low and get bat on it but can't. Good, smart bowling;
43.2;?;Sam Curran to Zampa, no run stepping away to make room again, but Same also follows him and he's gone so far down leg that the ball beats his outside edge while going past leg-stump line;
43.1;1;Sam Curran to Carey, 1 run length on off, tight line, bunted to mid-on;
42.6;?;Tom Curran to Zampa, no run was backing away but Tom saw that and followed him, ends up inside-edging a drive towards square leg;
42.5;1;Tom Curran to Carey, 1 run fuller and a bit too straight, clipped to mid-on's right;
42.4;1;Tom Curran to Zampa, 1 run back of a length again, this time he goes back in his crease and punches it straight, gets it past the bowler;
42.3;?;Tom Curran to Zampa, no run swing and a miss. back of a length on the off stump and angling in, he clears his front leg to swipe across the line. Doesn't connect. The ball goes over the stumps;
42.2;1;Tom Curran to Carey, 1 run angling into him a bit fuller, clipped to mid-on;
42.1;?;Tom Curran to Carey, no run fuller on off, punched to point;
41.6;?;Sam Curran to Zampa, no run nice change-up, bouncer to end the over that passes over off stump, Zampa is not expecting that, tries to upper cut it but is too late on it;
41.5;?;Sam Curran to Zampa, no run zips in on off stump again, and he offers a straight bat in defence;
41.4;?;Sam Curran to Zampa, no run length ball nibbling in the off stump area, punches into cover;
41.3;?;Sam Curran to Zampa, no run full on off, driven on the front foot, but short cover intercepts;
41.2;?;Sam Curran to Zampa, no run hit on a hard length from wide of the crease around the wicket and straightening a touch, solid defence offered;
41.1;3;Sam Curran to Carey, 3 runs short and wide outside off, cuts it nicely through backward point. Good effort in the deep by Tom Currant to run around and cut off the boundary but the attempted relay through goes awry as he lobs it out of Morgan's reach. That allows the batsmen to take a third;
40.6;?;Tom Curran to Zampa, no run fuller on off, pushed firmly to mid-off;
40.5;?;Tom Curran to Zampa, no run back of a length outside off, no pace or bounce to work with, his push finds the toe-end of the bat hitting ball and it not travelling very far;
40.4;1;Tom Curran to Carey, 1 run fuller on the leg stump, flicked off his toes through midwicket;
40.3;1;Tom Curran to Zampa, 1 run angling into him straighter and he manages to nurdle it to fine leg. Tom Curran holds his head in his hands, he didn't want to give away that single. Wanted Zampa on strike;
40.2;?;Tom Curran to Zampa, no run length outside off, pushes it back to the bowler's left;
40.1;1lb;Tom Curran to Carey, 1 leg bye length ball angling into him, tries to play it with the angle, the ball trickles towards short fine leg;
39.6;?;Sam Curran to Zampa, no run full and outside off again, defended into the offside again;
39.5;?;Sam Curran to Zampa, no run fuller into him, defended to mid-off;
39.4;?;Sam Curran to Zampa, no run full on the stumps and Zampa offers the full face of the bat to defend and keep out the hat-trick ball;
39.3;W;Sam Curran to Starc, OUT got him first ball! This is all unravelling rather quickly for Australia. Length ball outside off, on a sixth or seventh stump line in fact, Starc has a waft at it, no foot movement to speak of, and gets a healthy edge that Buttler tumbles to his left and grabs.;Mitchell Starc c ?Buttler b SM Curran 0 (2m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
39.2;W;Sam Curran to Cummins, OUT clatter Went around the wicket and Cummins was looking to hit his way out of the building pressure, has a big swipe across the line. Gets a bottom edge that ensures the ball clatters into the stumps. Not enough room for the pull shot, but then, Cummins is not a top order batsman;Pat Cummins b SM Curran 11 (23m 19b 0x4 1x6) SR: 57.89;
39.1;1;Sam Curran to Carey, 1 run back of a length outside off, cuts it to deep point. Good work by the fielder to run to his left and keep them to one run;
38.6;?;Tom Curran to Cummins, no run length outside off, punched to mid-off;
38.5;?;Tom Curran to Cummins, no run bounces a bit more than Cummins expects it to and he gets it high on the bat as it pops up. No short leg though and it lands there;
38.4;1;Tom Curran to Carey, 1 run length outside off, opens the face to run it down to third man;
38.3;1;Tom Curran to Cummins, 1 run squirted away through backward point;
38.2;1;Tom Curran to Carey, 1 run length outside off, tapped through cover;
38.1;?;Tom Curran to Carey, no run length outside off, defended to cover on the front foot;
37.6;?;Rashid to Cummins, no run beaten again, big stride out to defend but the ball spins past the bat;
37.5;?;Rashid to Cummins, no run big spin again, pitched short of a length and spun across him, he stayed in his crease and followed the ball with his hands to defend;
37.4;?;Rashid to Cummins, no run length outside off, defended;
37.3;6;Rashid to Cummins, SIX runs boom. Rashid goes too full and Cummins gets a free swing of his arms to loft this over long-on. Way over.;
37.2;?;Rashid to Cummins, no run teasing loop, dips and grips to turn past the hopeful forward defensive prod;
37.1;?;Rashid to Cummins, no run tossed up outside off, gets him to stretch forward and pat it in defence;
36.6;?;Tom Curran to Carey, no run length ball outside off, and pushed to mid-off;
36.5;?;Tom Curran to Carey, no run rapped on the pads but that's going down. Angling into him, and he can't connect with the flick off his pads;
36.4;?;Tom Curran to Carey, no run back of a length angling in on off, tapped towards mid-on;
36.3;?;Tom Curran to Carey, no run hisses past the outside edge as Carey is caught on the crease and poking at it. Keeps bat close to body though;
36.2;?;Tom Curran to Carey, no run length into him to tuck him up, patted towards short midwicket;
36.1;1lb;Tom Curran to Cummins, 1 leg bye back of a length on leg stump, takes the pads to roll towards leg gully;
35.6;2;Rashid to Carey, 2 runs nicely done, saw the ball full and swept it fine. The man at fine leg is square so has to run to his left to field;
35.5;1;Rashid to Cummins, 1 run plays it more carefully this time, coming forward to a tossed up delivery and gently steering towards point;
35.4;?;Rashid to Cummins, no run big-spinning leg-break and Cummins was targetting cow corner with a big slog-sweep. Defeated completely;
35.3;?;Rashid to Cummins, no run tossed up, ends as a full toss, but Cummins can't put it away. Patted tamely to mid-on;
35.2;1;Rashid to Carey, 1 run too full, and he comes on the front foot to flick this to wide long-on;
35.1;1;Rashid to Cummins, 1 run googly that he didn't read, was coming forward to defend, takes the inside edge and rolls backward of square;
34.6;1;Woakes to Cummins, 1 run goes for the yorker, but ends up as a low full toss on the stumps, turned away to square leg;
34.5;?;Woakes to Cummins, no run edge doesn't carry to slip. Pushing down the wrong line again, the ball also straightened off a length on middle. But soft hands so the ball bounces well before reaching Root at slip;
34.4;?;Woakes to Cummins, no run full and on off, defended to cover;
34.3;1;Woakes to Carey, 1 run pushed into the offside on the front foot;
34.2;1;Woakes to Cummins, 1 run full and angling into him, straightens a bit, Cummins forward defence is more hopeful than convincing, squirts off the edge to third man;
34.1;W;Woakes to Maxwell, OUT knocked him over! Australia might have been mentally breathing a sigh of relief at no more Archer. If so, they forgot there's still Woakes. Very similar to how Finch got out, Maxwell just playing down the wrong line totally and loses his stumps;Glenn Maxwell b Woakes 1 (9m 8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 12.5;
33.6;?;Archer to Carey, no run and Archer ends a fantastic day with the ball with a sharply jagging in delivery that hits Carey on the thigh pad, defeating his back foot defence. Half an appeal but that was too high.;
33.5;?;Archer to Carey, no run full, almost yorker length but solid in defence is Carey;
33.4;1lb;Archer to Maxwell, 1 leg bye tailing into him at 89 mph, flicks the pad and goes to short fine leg. Lots of leg-byes off Archer today;
33.3;?;Archer to Maxwell, no run slower one, at just 77 mph, nipping into him. Just about defended by Maxwell;
33.2;?;Archer to Maxwell, no run length on off, defended on the front foot;
33.1;?;Archer to Maxwell, no run short fast, and into his rib cage. Maxwell wasn't even looking at it just turned around into a half-hearted pull. The ball thuds into bat. It was ball hitting bat, not bat hitting ball. 91 mph;
32.6;1;Woakes to Maxwell, 1 run comes on the front foot and opens the face to steer to third man;
32.5;?;Woakes to Maxwell, no run length on off, keeps a bit low, jams his bat down;
32.4;?;Woakes to Maxwell, no run ooh went a long way across, but got his bat in front of his pad and nudged it to midwicket;
32.3;W;Woakes to Finch, OUT cleaned him up! three wickets in less than two overs and the captain's gone now. This was a length ball closer to off stump and held its line after pitching. Finch was playing inside the line and it clatters stumps.;Aaron Finch b Woakes 73 (147m 105b 8x4 1x6) SR: 69.52;
32.2;?;Woakes to Finch, no run fuller outside off, goes to drive it, toe-ends it to short cover;
32.1;?;Woakes to Finch, no run length ball nipping in, defended from the crease;
31.6;?;Archer to Carey, no run short ball in at the hip, Carey prods awkwardly at it and thinks about one but is sent back by Finch;
31.5;W;Archer to Marsh, OUT gottim! Archer gets the breakthrough, Marsh chops onto his stumps! Slightly back of a length, didn't get up much at all off the surface as Marsh jammed the bat down on it, and only managed to inside-edge into the timber. England are jubilant - if they get Finch soon, it's game on!;Mitchell Marsh b Archer 1 (5m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 16.66;
31.4;?;Archer to Marsh, no run slower ball on a length, steered straight to point with an open face;
31.3;?;Archer to Marsh, no run back of a length, Marsh rides the bounce and pushes into the covers;
31.2;?;Archer to Marsh, no run banged in on a length at 87mph/140kph, and steered towards cover-point;
31.1;?;Archer to Marsh, no run back of a length at 87mph/140kph, Marsh rides the bounce to guide into the covers;
30.6;1;Woakes to Marsh, 1 run length outside off, pressed out into the covers;
30.5;W;Woakes to Labuschagne, OUT trapped on the pad, Woakes lets out a desperate appeal but Gough says no. Morgan reviews immediately. This struck both pads as he looked to work a length ball to leg, but crucially hit the front one first. No bat, Ultra-Edge confirms. Hits him in line, and would have smashed into middle two-thirds of the way up! Marnus has to trudge off, and Woakes has the breakthrough;Marnus Labuschagne lbw b Woakes 48 (99m 59b 3x4 0x6) SR: 81.35;
30.4;1;Woakes to Finch, 1 run length outside off, pressed out to cover and they scamper through for another tight single;
30.3;?;Woakes to Finch, no run length on off stump, nudged to short extra cover;
30.2;?;Woakes to Finch, no run banged in on a length, cut out to point on the bounce where Roy fields;
30.1;?;Woakes to Finch, no run straight length ball, Finch defends back down the pitch, jumping onto the back foot;
29.6;1;Archer to Finch, 1 run full and straight, tickled down to fine leg to keep the strike;
29.5;1;Archer to Labuschagne, 1 run length in the channel at 89mph/144kph, Labuschagne is late on it, and steers an awkward upper-cut over gully as he looks to withdraw the bat. Gets lucky, and it loops up to Rashid on the bounce;
29.4;2;Archer to Labuschagne, 2 runs back of a length, steered through gully and down to third man for a sharp two. Rashid should probably have done better running in from the boundary, but great running from Australia yet again;
29.3;?;Archer to Labuschagne, no run slower ball, full on the stumps, and dug out towards mid-on. Might have been the knuckleball, dipped in late;
29.2;1;Archer to Finch, 1 run tight to the stumps, Archer hits a length at 88mph/141kph, and Finch pushes effortlessly to deep cover;
29.1;1;Archer to Labuschagne, 1 run short outside off at 87mph/141kph. Labuschagne shapes to leave, but dangles the bat in the way of the ball to steer it down to third man for one. Not sure he knew much about where that was going;
28.6;?;Woakes to Finch, no run wide on the crease, bold leave from Finch as this keeps slightly low and nearly brushes his off stump! Nearly made to look very silly;
28.5;1;Woakes to Labuschagne, 1 run nudged out to square leg for one, which brings up the 100-run stand from only 128 balls. These two have put Australia in control;
28.4;4;Woakes to Labuschagne, FOUR runs Labuschagne shimmies over to the off side and takes a step down the pitch. Woakes drags his length back, but it sits up nicely for him and he pulls sweetly through backward square for four!;
28.3;1;Woakes to Finch, 1 run slightly full of a length on fourth stump, nudged into the covers for a quick single;
28.2;?;Woakes to Finch, no run in the slot on the stumps, pushed uppishly towards mid-off on the bounce;
28.1;?;Woakes to Finch, no run beauty on a length in the channel which beats Finch! Fifth stump, on a length, and Finch dangles his bat at it optimistically;
27.6;1;Archer to Finch, 1 run slightly back of a length, and Finch swats it down to long leg to retain the strike;
27.5;?;Archer to Finch, no run length on sixth stump, Finch jumps onto the back foot to punch it straight to short cover;
27.4;2;Archer to Finch, 2 runs clipped into the leg side with soft hands, and Labuschagne calls "two, two, two!" They hurry through, and make it back for the second;
27.3;?;Archer to Finch, no run short ball in at the ribs, 89mph/143kph, and Finch wears one as he is late on the pull. Smashed him between the left pectoral and the biceps, and Finch swears in pain;
27.2;1;Archer to Labuschagne, 1 run slower ball on a length, steered to backward point for a sharp single. Looked like a legcutter, I think;
27.1;?;Archer to Labuschagne, no run length ball on fourth stump, 88mph/141kph, and Labuschagne jams the bat down to defend with a yelp of "no run!";
26.6;?;Woakes to Finch, no run nudged defensively into the leg side;
26.5;2;Woakes to Finch, 2 runs length on fourth stump, tip-and-run into the off side for a single that is never there, but Roy's throw is wide! Never a single, but Roy's throw to the keeper's end was wayward from backward point, and they steal a second run as Bairstow falls over while backing up. Chaos!;
26.4;?;Woakes to Finch, no run length ball on the stumps, clipped to wide mid-on;
26.3;?;Woakes to Finch, no run length ball on fifth stump, angling in and nipping away to beat Finch's outside edge, as he prods awkwardly at this away from his body;
26.2;1;Woakes to Labuschagne, 1 run length ball on sixth stump, guided down to third man with an open face;
26.1;?;Woakes to Labuschagne, no run length on fifth stump, keeps a little low as Labuschagne jams the bat down to defend;
25.6;?;Archer to Finch, no run fullish on fourth stump, Finch pushes back towards Archer's left hand;
25.5;?;Archer to Finch, no run yorker on off stump at 87mph/141kph, dug out towards mid-on. Finch is stung by some vibrations as that thuds into the toe;
25.4;2;Archer to Finch, 2 runs full and straight, tucked off the pads behind square for a couple as Billings gives chase.;
25.3;?;Archer to Finch, no run banged in, slightly full of a length at 86mph/138kph. Finch inside-edges into the leg side, looking to play a checked drive;
25.2;?;Archer to Finch, no run length ball on fourth stump at 85mph/137kph, which Finch bravely leaves alone. It zips just past the top of off, vindicating his decision;
25.1;1lb;Archer to Labuschagne, 1 leg bye cross-seamer which nips away from Labuschagne as he looks to work to leg. He yelps in pain as he is struck on the back thigh pad, and Archer lets out a wry smile;
24.6;?;Rashid to Finch, no run tosses up a sharply-spun legbreak, which turns sharply away from the bat as Finch looks to heave another boundary over long-on;
24.5;4;Rashid to Finch, FOUR runs tossed up, full and straight, and Finch thumps it straight down the ground for four! Huge backlift and nailed through Rashid's hands, racing away from Billings at long-off to his right. Arguably a half-chance for the bowler, but it would have been one of the best catches of all time!;
24.4;?;Rashid to Finch, no run legbreak, pushed out to cover but straight to the fielder;
24.3;1;Rashid to Labuschagne, 1 run legbreak, tucked off the pads to short midwicket for a very quick single, as Morgan throws underarm at the stumps from short midwicket but misses at the bowler's end;
24.2;1;Rashid to Finch, 1 run flatter legbreak, cut out to deep point for one;
24.1;1;Rashid to Labuschagne, 1 run floaty legbreak, thumped out to deep cover;
23.6;1;Sam Curran to Labuschagne, 1 run cutter on a length, dabbed towards point for a scampered single to retain strike;
23.6;1w;Sam Curran to Labuschagne, 1 wide loopy bouncer outside the off stump at 84mph/135kph. Labuschagne lets it go, and it's called wide;
23.5;?;Sam Curran to Labuschagne, no run pace-on, slightly full of a length, and Labuschagne drops into the covers, where Morgan races in to prevent a single;
23.4;2;Sam Curran to Labuschagne, 2 runs slower ball on the stumps, clipped out to long leg for a quick two;
23.3;1;Sam Curran to Finch, 1 run slightly back of a length outside off, Finch gets a thick edge looking to punch through point and it flies down towards third man;
23.2;?;Sam Curran to Finch, no run cross-seamer in at the pads, Finch can't tuck it away and is struck high on the thigh pad;
23.1;?;Sam Curran to Finch, no run length ball from wide on the crease, nudged out to mid-off. Stifled appeal from Curran, as Finch defended with bat and pad together;
22.6;1;Rashid to Finch, 1 run tucked off the hip for a jogged single to short fine leg;
22.5;1;Rashid to Labuschagne, 1 run legbreak on the stumps, clipped out to square leg again but Bairstow gets there in time to stop the second, this time;
22.4;2;Rashid to Labuschagne, 2 runs legbreak, whipped to backward square from outside off and they scamper back for the second, despite Bairstow getting round quickly and firing in a throw. Even a direct hit wouldn't have been enough;
22.3;?;Rashid to Labuschagne, no run steered out to backward point on the back foot;
22.2;?;Rashid to Labuschagne, no run sharply-spun legbreak, which turns past the bat as Labuschagne lunges forward. Brings his pace down, and rips it past the edge;
22.1;1;Rashid to Finch, 1 run sharp legbreak, punched out to deep cover off the back foot;
21.6;?;Sam Curran to Labuschagne, no run length ball on fourth stump, clipped into the leg side. Root fields at short midwicket to prevent the single, and fortunately for him there's a man at mid-off to back up a wayward through to the bowler's end;
21.5;1;Sam Curran to Finch, 1 run slightly back of a length, and enough width for Finch to guide down to third man with an open face;
21.4;1;Sam Curran to Labuschagne, 1 run wide on the crease, Labuschagne punches out to cover from a length;
21.3;?;Sam Curran to Labuschagne, no run length on off stump, tickled to short midwicket;
21.2;1;Sam Curran to Finch, 1 run steered out through cover-point to Bairstow on the boundary;
21.1;?;Sam Curran to Finch, no run banged in on a length, Finch nudges out to cover and thinks about a single, but then barks "no, no, no!" as Morgan fields. He hurls at the stumps at the bowler's end, by which time Labuschagne has just about made his ground;
20.6;?;Rashid to Labuschagne, no run legbreak, tossed up full and straight. Labuschagne presses out into the leg side; "waiting...... no!" is the call;
20.5;1;Rashid to Finch, 1 run legbreak, cut away towards deep cover;
20.4;4;Rashid to Finch, FOUR runs pie down the leg side which takes everyone by surprise! Finch gets in position to sweep, slightly belatedly, and bottom-edges past Buttler's left boot for four. Brings up his 50;
20.3;1;Rashid to Labuschagne, 1 run googly, whipped off the pads down to Woakes at fine leg;
20.2;?;Rashid to Labuschagne, no run length ball pushed towards mid-off. Rashid gets down like a cat off his own bowling;
20.1;?;Rashid to Labuschagne, no run lebgreak, nudged defensively towards midwicket;
19.6;?;Sam Curran to Finch, no run cutter on a length, Finch nudges into the leg side, jumping onto the back foot;
19.5;1;Sam Curran to Labuschagne, 1 run slightly fuller on off stump, clipped out to deep midwicket for one;
19.4;1;Sam Curran to Finch, 1 run very wide on the crease, Finch drops into the off side and sets off for a sharp single. Roy get round to his right from backward point, but his throw is wide of the stumps at the bowler's end, and even a direct hit might not have got him;
19.3;?;Sam Curran to Finch, no run banged in, back of a length, and Finch jumps onto the back foot to defend. 83mph/134kph;
19.2;1;Sam Curran to Labuschagne, 1 run too much width, and Labuschagne slaps this out to the man sweeping at deep cover;
19.1;?;Sam Curran to Labuschagne, no run beaten outside off! Wide on the crease, looked like a cross-seamer from Curran and it moved away from Labuschagne's defensive prod;
18.6;2;Tom Curran to Finch, 2 runs cutter on the pads, clipped down to fine leg where Rashid dives to his right to cut off the boundary;
18.5;1;Tom Curran to Labuschagne, 1 run length ball, tucked off the pads out to deep square;
18.4;1;Tom Curran to Finch, 1 run length on fourth stump, Finch plays tip-and-run, sneaking a single towards cover;
18.3;1;Tom Curran to Labuschagne, 1 run slightly overpitched, and Marnus tucks off the pads out to Bairstow at deep square;
18.2;?;Tom Curran to Labuschagne, no run length on fourth stump, defended back down the track;
18.1;?;Tom Curran to Labuschagne, no run banged in on a length, Labuschagne rides the bounce and punches to cover on the edge of the ring;
17.6;?;Sam Curran to Finch, no run tight to the stumps, and Curran is very straight in line. Finch defends;
17.5;?;Sam Curran to Finch, no run nudged defensively back towards the bowler, slightly short of a length;
17.4;4;Sam Curran to Finch, FOUR runs back of a length, Finch latches onto the short ball and nails him in front of square for four! Too short, and not enough pace to trouble Finch, who pulls hard and sends it straight through Root at short midwicket. Fielder could have done better, I reckon;
17.3;?;Sam Curran to Finch, no run length ball nibbling away from the off stump. Finch nudges into the covers;
17.2;1;Sam Curran to Labuschagne, 1 run bustling medium pace from tight to the stumps, and Labuschagne clips out to square leg for one;
17.1;?;Sam Curran to Labuschagne, no run nagging line and length, pushed across the right-hander, who defends back to the bowler from off stump;
16.6;1;Tom Curran to Labuschagne, 1 run slower ball outside off, clipped in front of square on the leg side to retain the strike;
16.5;4;Tom Curran to Labuschagne, FOUR runs length outside off, Labuschagne climbs into a back-foot punch through the covers for four! Too much width, and Marnus nails the compact drive to the rope;
16.4;1;Tom Curran to Finch, 1 run clipped out to square leg for one more;
16.3;?;Tom Curran to Finch, no run comes down the pitch and struck on the pad as he looks to work to leg, Curran belts out an appeal but no dice. And no review. He was a long way down, and it might have hit outside the line?;
16.2;?;Tom Curran to Finch, no run length on fourth stump, checked drive to short extra cover;
16.1;1;Tom Curran to Labuschagne, 1 run length outside off, bit of nibble in off the seam, and Labuschagne gloves it down towards third man. Shaped to cut, but cramped for room;
15.6;1;Rashid to Labuschagne, 1 run drags it a bit short, quicker one, clipped off his pads to deep square leg;
15.5;1;Rashid to Finch, 1 run driven through cover;
15.4;4;Rashid to Finch, FOUR runs too full, too much air given, and Finch plonks his front foot down and gets underneath the ball to loft his on-drive powerfully, bounces a bit in front of the ropes;
15.3;1;Rashid to Labuschagne, 1 run length on off, goes back and uses wrists again to work through square;
15.2;1;Rashid to Finch, 1 run fuller outside off, driven powerfully. Short cover gets a hand to it but can't stop it;
15.1;1;Rashid to Labuschagne, 1 run leg-break on off, he goes back and uses wrists to whip through square leg;
14.6;?;Tom Curran to Finch, no run fuller, driven to mid-off;
14.5;?;Tom Curran to Finch, no run fuller on middle and leg, patted to short midwicket;
14.4;?;Tom Curran to Finch, no run dies on Buttler as it goes past off stump. Back of a length, cross-seam ball, he tries to cut it but it goes under his bat;
14.3;?;Tom Curran to Finch, no run yorker on middle stump, goes deep and drives to mid-off;
14.2;?;Tom Curran to Finch, no run length ball nipping back, stays in his crease and punches back to the bowler;
14.1;?;Tom Curran to Finch, no run fuller on off, defended towards mid-off;
13.6;?;Rashid to Labuschagne, no run good ball to finish, turns sharply across him from a length on leg, defended;
13.5;1;Rashid to Finch, 1 run down the track and swipes across the line to long-off;
13.5;5nb;Rashid to Finch, (no ball) FOUR runs under-edge goes for four. Went down for a slog-sweep, gets it under the bat and it races off to the fine-leg boundary. Uh-oh, it's a no-ball because four were not inside the circle.;
13.4;1;Rashid to Labuschagne, 1 run straying a bit on leg and is picked off through square;
13.3;1;Rashid to Finch, 1 run length, pitching on middle and spinning across, he goes right back and swipes it to long-on;
13.2;1;Rashid to Labuschagne, 1 run too full and room outside off, he gets down low and slaps it through cover;
13.1;?;Rashid to Labuschagne, no run good length outside off, left alone;
12.6;1;Tom Curran to Labuschagne, 1 run length outside off, he goes back and flicks to fine leg;
12.5;1;Tom Curran to Finch, 1 run straying on the legside and he gets inside the line to tuck through midwicket;
12.4;?;Tom Curran to Finch, no run tight line on off, good length, steered to point. Still no single for Finch;
12.3;?;Tom Curran to Finch, no run fuller on the pads, clipped away but straight to short midwicket;
12.2;?;Tom Curran to Finch, no run length on off, punched gently to cover;
12.1;1;Tom Curran to Labuschagne, 1 run length on the stumps, uses his wrists to work this through square leg;
11.6;?;Rashid to Finch, no run tossed up on off, steered to point;
11.5;1;Rashid to Labuschagne, 1 run googly, dragged short but don't think he read it out the hand. Had enough time to adjust and pat this through midwicket with a horizontal bat;
11.4;?;Rashid to Labuschagne, no run tossed up very full outside off, driven fluently but straight to cover;
11.3;1;Rashid to Finch, 1 run gets the line closer to off that time, still quite full, driven to long-off;
11.2;6;Rashid to Finch, SIX runs bang. Tossed up full and wide and Finch goes down on one knee to slog-sweep it straight over the bowler's head and all the way;
11.1;1;Rashid to Labuschagne, 1 run length outside off, turning away, stroked through cover;
10.6;?;Tom Curran to Finch, no run back of a length outside off, width on offer but hardly any bounce and he chops it into the covers;
10.5;?;Tom Curran to Finch, no run fuller outside off, driven to point;
10.4;?;Tom Curran to Finch, no run length on the stumps, no pace on the ball. Tapped to midwicket;
10.3;?;Tom Curran to Finch, no run length ball on the pads, tucked to midwicket;
10.2;?;Tom Curran to Finch, no run back of a length, outside off, pace off the ball, mistimes his cut as the ball trickles towards mid-off;
10.1;1;Tom Curran to Labuschagne, 1 run fuller on the pads, turned to backward square leg;
9.6;1;Archer to Labuschagne, 1 run another short ball outside off but Marnus dealing with those well, brings his bat down late to chop it to third man;
9.5;1;Archer to Finch, 1 run fuller on off, Finch is hanging back but manages to stay well balanced in pushing this with soft hands towards mid-off. Goes for a quick single. Billings the fielder swooping in misses the stumps at the striker's end. Might have been curtains for Marnus. Second run-out missed by England, first one was against Finch earlier;
9.4;1;Archer to Labuschagne, 1 run another good bouncer, but dealt with well too. Rises up from back of a length outside off and he manages to get bat on top of it to pat it down towards point. They take a quick single too;
9.3;?;Archer to Labuschagne, no run fuller on off this time, 91 mph, and he gets his bat down in time to defend;
9.2;4;Archer to Labuschagne, FOUR runs shot He's not stuck on the back foot due to Archer's threat and pace. Sees a short and wide one outside off and latches on, cuts it beautifully through point;
9.1;?;Archer to Labuschagne, no run length outside off, chopped towards point;
8.6;?;Woakes to Finch, no run another edge doesn't carry. drops well short of point. Finch is surprised by that one, bounces more off a length than he expected and takes the shoulder of the bat. He wasn't going hard at it though so it doesn't travel far;
8.5;?;Woakes to Finch, no run fuller on off, driven to cover;
8.4;?;Woakes to Finch, no run back of a length, Finch was caught in two minds there and ended up a mite squared up, the edge plops down in front of him;
8.3;?;Woakes to Finch, no run length ball coming into him, blocked;
8.2;?;Woakes to Finch, no run length on the stumps, pushed back to the bowler;
8.1;?;Woakes to Finch, no run back of a length outside off, pushed tentatively towards point;
7.6;?;Archer to Labuschagne, no run oooh this is some serious wheels by Archer. Short ball in the channel and what a ball to get first up. He has to hurriedly drop his wrists and arch his back to let this go through.;
7.5;W;Archer to Stoinis, OUT that is just amazing fast bowling Short leg was put in place so the batsman was expecting a short one, but Archer is so quick and so accurate that he manages to get a wicket with a short ball anyway. Banged in back of a length and hisses up like a cobra towards Stoinis who is all in a tangle against that. Fends awkwardly and it takes the shoulder of the bat to loop up for an easy catch behind him. Archer's bowling with serious fire;Marcus Stoinis c ?Buttler b Archer 9 (22m 14b 0x4 1x6) SR: 64.28;
7.4;1;Archer to Finch, 1 run back of a length, pushed to cover. Quick single taken;
7.3;4;Archer to Finch, FOUR runs sloppy work by Bairstow at deep square leg. Slips in the short one but not short enough and Finch controls his pull shot through square. Bairstow makes a mess of it running to his right.;
7.2;?;Archer to Finch, no run outside edge falls just short of backward point. Finch had no clue about that. Stuck on the back foot, and this is a length ball moving away, takes the splice and flies up. Just short;
7.1;1;Archer to Stoinis, 1 run back of a length but on leg, rises up on his toes to clip this off the thigh pad to square leg;
6.6;1;Woakes to Stoinis, 1 run fuller, comes on the front foot to drive, gets it off the inside half of the bat to Archer at mid-on, who lets fly a rocket throw. Not at the stumps, beats the keeper too, but no overthrows.;
6.5;?;Woakes to Stoinis, no run length on off, stays back and punches, but can't get past cover;
6.4;?;Woakes to Stoinis, no run fuller and into him, stands tall and on-drives. Mid-on fields;
6.3;?;Woakes to Stoinis, no run back of a length outside off, defended solidly;
6.2;1;Woakes to Finch, 1 run down the track but Woakes shortens his length a tad, and Finch pushes past the bowler. Archer at mid-on in the action again, fields the ball;
6.1;4;Woakes to Finch, FOUR runs boom. Finch may have been hopping against Archer but if he gets a full and wide one outside off he's not going to hang back. Lashes this through cover with a strong bottom hand;
5.6;1lb;Archer to Finch, 1 leg bye length ball strays down leg, flicks the thigh pad on the way to fine leg. Finch couldn't connect with his attempted glance but they'll get a leg-bye anyway;
5.5;?;Archer to Finch, no run another shot ball that has Finch hopping. This one isn't dug in as short, and it's outside off, Finch jabs at it with bat away from body and pushes to cover;
5.4;4lb;Archer to Finch, 4 leg byes Finch gets pinged on the helmet. That is one heck of a quick bouncer at 91 mph and on target. Finch moving across to pull but that's too quick for him. Bangs into the top of the helmet and they'll actually get four leg-byes for it. Finch seems fine but the docs will check on him as per protocol. The helmet took the brunt of the impact.;
5.3;?;Archer to Finch, no run fuller and straight on middle, goes back and across to clip from in front of his pads to midwicket;
5.2;4;Archer to Finch, FOUR runs gets on top of this and beats a diving point fielder to get a boundary. Width offered outside off, and room too with it being back of length. Finch gets on top of it and cuts nicely;
5.1;?;Archer to Finch, no run length ball on the stumps, tapped towards short midwicket. Thinks about a single, but decides against it. Wisely;
4.6;?;Woakes to Stoinis, no run length ball coming into him, blocked back;
4.5;?;Woakes to Stoinis, no run back of a length coming into him, defended back to the bowler;
4.4;?;Woakes to Stoinis, no run fuller on off, driven to mid-off;
4.3;6;Woakes to Stoinis, SIX runs stunning. Where did that come from?! Down the track and Stoinis drives with a very straight bat, lofts it all the way over the bowler and the boundary line. What a hit. That's a shot that deserves a roaring audience.;
4.2;?;Woakes to Stoinis, no run fuller on the pads, clipped but can't beat short midwicket;
4.1;?;Woakes to Stoinis, no run full outside off, pushed to extra cover on the front foot;
3.6;1;Archer to Stoinis, 1 run back of a length, dug into the pitch but down leg, he clips it off his hips to square leg;
3.5;?;Archer to Stoinis, no run back of a length outside off, pushed tentatively to point;
3.4;W;Archer to Warner, OUT got him again! Archer has the wood on Warner. This was a scorcher at 91 mph, back of a length and moves across, has Warner poking at it in the channel. Awkward height too, with the ball near rib-cage. Takes a thin edge through to Buttler.;David Warner c ?Buttler b Archer 6 (17m 11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 54.54;
3.3;1;Archer to Finch, 1 run strays on the pads and Finch tickles it fine. There's a man back there;
3.2;?;Archer to Finch, no run good bouncer, at 88 mph. Finch decides to go after it but he's beaten for pace. Too late on the pull and can't connect as the ball flies past;
3.1;?;Archer to Finch, no run pacy ball on a length on off stump, Finch defends towards mid-off on the back foot;
2.6;?;Woakes to Warner, no run fuller outside off, driven - but can't beat the in-field;
2.5;1;Woakes to Finch, 1 run down the track, takes it on the half-volley and drives firmly straight past the bowler. Archer at mid-on moves to his left and tumbles to stop it. Good work;
2.4;?;Woakes to Finch, no run sharp in-cutter that catches Finch on the crease. Loud appeal but probably going down. Inside edge too. Finch was rooted to his crease and trying to punch;
2.3;1;Woakes to Warner, 1 run too straight that time, and Warner tucks through midwicket off his pads;
2.2;?;Woakes to Warner, no run length on off, pushes on the back foot to mid-off. Ball goes off the end of the bat;
2.1;?;Woakes to Warner, no run length ball, stump to stump, blocked towards mid-off;
1.6;?;Archer to Finch, no run superb yorker to finish, Finch just about gets his bat down in time in front of middle stump to squirt it away towards mid-off;
1.5;?;Archer to Finch, no run length ball in the channel again, tries to punch off the back-foot, mis-times to point;
1.4;?;Archer to Finch, no run length ball in the channel, pushed to point;
1.3;?;Archer to Finch, no run bluffs with a full straight one on middle. Finch stays beside it and drives to cover;
1.2;3;Archer to Warner, 3 runs short and wide, Warner goes after it but only gets a toe-end to the cut. Carries over point but not enough legs to go to the boundary;
1.1;?;Archer to Warner, no run ooh he has a bit of a waft at it but then pulls his bat away. Back of a length and going across him from Archer;
0.6;1;Woakes to Warner, 1 run full on the stumps, looked like Warner might have been hanging on the back foot a bit, but he gets bat in front to steer to third man's left;
0.5;?;Woakes to Warner, no run back of a length, he rocks back to pull. Not short enough, gets an under-edge that square leg is onto quickly;
0.4;?;Woakes to Warner, no run back of a length moving across him, stays on the back foot and defends to short cover;
0.3;1;Woakes to Finch, 1 run full on the stumps, driven back firmly and he sets off for the single. Woakes got his hand to it and half-stopped it. Mid-off swoops in and lets fly a throw. Finch wasn't even in the frame but the ball doesn't hit the stumps. Morgan the fielder;
0.2;?;Woakes to Finch, no run length on the stumps, moving a touch away, Finch hops into the tuck past short midwicket, but can't go past mid-on;
0.1;1;Woakes to Warner, 1 run full on middle and leg, clipped to square leg. Sloppy work from England first up, allowing the single, with Tom Curran failing to collect the ball cleanly;

5.24 pm: Chris Woakes has the ball. David Warner to face. Aaron Finch at the non-striker's end. Slip, shot cover and short point.
Suleman: "If the Aussies could make 294 in dire straits I'm pretty sure they can make 232"
5.20 pm: The England team are out on the field, doing their warm-ups, and we should have the second innings underway soon.
 Innings Start
England
Australia
2nd ODI (D/N), Manchester, Sep 13 2020, Australia tour of England
231/9
207
Player of the match is Jofra Archer, ENG
England won by 24 runs
