Data
That's a very fine finish from South Africa. No boundaries in the last two overs. After the start Australia had the home side have done superbly to keep them to 157 for 9. Tahir and Wiese outstanding, well-supported by Rabada and Abbott. Maybe we'll skip over Duminy's over. Finch and Warner were going well, but the middle order struggled except for Mitchell Marsh at the end. South Africa will be very confident of this chase. Alan will be with you in a few minutes to describe it.
19.6;3;Abbott to Zampa, 3 runs full and wide outside off, squeeze away through backward point and Wiese just manages to cut off the boundary;
19.5;?;Abbott to Zampa, no run beaten again, this time the full delivery tails in and goes between Zampa's leg stump and his pads;
19.4;?;Abbott to Zampa, no run just shaves past off stump as Abbott goes full and Zampa misses;
19.3;W;Abbott to Marsh, OUT short outside off, another cutter, and it gets flat-batted straight to long off where Miller takes the simple catch;Mitchell Marsh c Miller b Abbott 35 (43m 25b 1x4 2x6) SR: 140;
19.2;2;Abbott to Marsh, 2 runs low full toss which he lofts straight down the ground, splits long off and long on;
19.1;?;Abbott to Marsh, no run width outside off, again it might have been a wide, a bottom edge scuttles through to de Kock;
18.6;?;Rabada to Zampa, no run gives himself a touch of room outside leg then misses his swing at a length delivery outside off;
18.5;2;Rabada to Zampa, 2 runs back of a length at off stump, very nicely played through point as he opens the face and uses Rabada's pace;
18.5;1w;Rabada to Zampa, 1 wide gets a bouncer first up, 147kph, he ducks and it's called wide so a bonus delivery;
18.4;W;Rabada to Coulter-Nile, OUT terrific bowling, that's the model of a leg-stump yorker...NCN gives himself some room, can't make contact and Rabada is right on target;Nathan Coulter-Nile b Rabada 9 (15m 9b 0x4 1x6) SR: 100;
18.3;?;Rabada to Coulter-Nile, no run swing and a miss as he heaves across the line of a back-of-a-length delivery;
18.2;1;Rabada to Marsh, 1 run clubbed into the leg side, doesn't come out of the middle and lands short of deep midwicket;
18.1;1;Rabada to Coulter-Nile, 1 run short at leg stump, gets inside the line and paddles it round the corner to fine leg;
15.6;1;Tahir to Marsh, 1 run pushed into the covers to keep the strike;
15.5;2;Tahir to Marsh, 2 runs full outside off, driven through the covers and there risk a second to the sweeper...if Tahir had taken that at the stumps it could have been close;
15.4;1;Tahir to Coulter-Nile, 1 run that's a legspinner outside off, cut towards backward point;
15.3;?;Tahir to Coulter-Nile, no run playing off the back foot, got to be careful, this skids on and he defends to mid-on;
15.2;W;Tahir to Hastings, OUT that was on the cards...a massive heave at another googly, could have driven a bus between the gap Hastings left as he swung, and the stumps are demolished;John Hastings b Imran Tahir 7 (11m 9b 1x4 0x6) SR: 77.77;
15.1;1;Tahir to Marsh, 1 run pushed away from around leg stump into the covers;
14.6;?;Rabada to Hastings, no run another slower ball, 109kph, dragged down short and Hastings is through his shot before the ball arrives;
14.5;1;Rabada to Marsh, 1 run back-of-a-length slower ball outside off, dabbed towards backward point;
14.4;1;Rabada to Hastings, 1 run a yorker, excellent from Rabada, jabbed off the toe end into the covers;
14.3;?;Rabada to Hastings, no run back of a length, tight to the batsman who can only push to the off side;
14.2;1;Rabada to Marsh, 1 run full and straight, dug out down the ground;
14.1;1;Rabada to Hastings, 1 run flicked out to deep midwicket;
17.6;?;Abbott to Marsh, no run full and very wide, would have been a wide if he hadn't chased it, gets a bottom edge towards the keeper;
17.5;2;Abbott to Marsh, 2 runs gets it on target this time, full at leg stump, driven down the ground and a fumble at long on allows them back for a second;
17.4;6;Abbott to Marsh, SIX runs and a full toss outside off is launched high and wide of long on...that's some power from Marsh who gave himself a solid base to strike through the line;
17.3;4;Abbott to Marsh, FOUR runs short, angled into the leg stump, a slower ball and pulled away wide of short fine leg...not a great delivery;
17.2;1;Abbott to Coulter-Nile, 1 run back of a length, he swings to the leg side and gets a bottom edge past the stumps then a throw at the stumps - when the batsman was perfectly safe - ricochets away for a single;
17.1;1;Abbott to Marsh, 1 run full and straight, driven into the off side;
16.6;6;Morris to Coulter-Nile, SIX runs that's big! Onto the roof at deep midwicket and that ball is staying up there. A slower short delivery which he picked nearly and clubbed mightily over the leg-side boundary;
16.5;?;Morris to Coulter-Nile, no run back of a length, jars the splice as Coulter-Nile goes for the pull and can only find midwicket;
16.4;1;Morris to Marsh, 1 run goes to a fuller length, at the stumps, clubbed down the ground;
16.3;6;Morris to Marsh, SIX runs manages to connect cleanly this time, gets underneath the short delivery this time and is able to get the elevation to clear deep square leg with a pull;
16.2;1lb;Morris to Coulter-Nile, 1 leg bye short again, angled into leg stump, not much pace to work with off the pitch as he tries to pull;
16.1;1;Morris to Marsh, 1 run forced into the leg side, they thought of a second but deep midwicket quickly in;
13.6;1;Tahir to Hastings, 1 run nearly a return catch! Driven to the off side of the pitch and Tahir flings himself to his left. Would have been spectacular;
13.5;?;Tahir to Hastings, no run shorter this time, goes onto the back foot, comes off the surface very slowly and fiddled to the leg side;
13.4;4;Tahir to Hastings, FOUR runs drifts onto leg stump and Hastings flicks it away very fine for a welcome boundary;
13.3;?;Tahir to Hastings, no run beaten with a googly and there's a stumping appeal! Lovely piece of bowling, Hastings completely defeated, didn't pick it at all, and swift glovework from de Kock to get the bails off. It's gone upstairs. He has dragged his foot out, is it still in the air over the line? This is very tight. We've gone to stumpcam now. Millimetres (or a frame) in it. Benefit of the doubt? A long look from the third umpire. When is the bail out of the groove? And he survives!;
13.2;W;Tahir to Nevill, OUT and he has another! Nevill going right back in his crease, the ball appeared to strike in line with leg stump. Will be interesting to see a replay of that one. A typically full-throated appeal from Tahir and to his delight the finger goes up;Peter Nevill lbw b Imran Tahir 4 (7m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 80;
13.1;2;Tahir to Nevill, 2 runs flicked through the leg side and nicely placed between deep square and deep midwicket;
12.6;1;Wiese to Nevill, 1 run full and straight, the bottom hand comes into play as he finds long on;
12.5;1;Wiese to Marsh, 1 run digs out a yorker down the ground to long on;
12.4;1;Wiese to Nevill, 1 run length ball outside off, 133kph, he opens the face and backward point can't quite cut it off with a dive;
12.3;1;Wiese to Marsh, 1 run shorter this time, another cutter I think, pulled firmly through the leg side but deep midwicket keeps it to a single;
12.2;?;Wiese to Marsh, no run fuller this time, aims to work into the leg side but gets an inside edge into his boot;
12.1;?;Wiese to Marsh, no run tight on off stump, angled into Marsh, played back to the bowler;
11.6;?;Morris to Nevill, no run drives and finds backward point as the pressure increases on Australia;
11.5;1;Morris to Marsh, 1 run short on leg stump, pulled down to long leg;
11.4;?;Morris to Marsh, no run full at the stumps, driven into his boot and it bobbles to the off side...almost a mix-up in the running and Marsh has to turn then dives back as Morris collects in his follow through;
11.3;W;Morris to Maxwell, OUT huge wicket! Short of a length works again. Maxwell standing on leg stump, tries to give himself room to go over the off side but ends up carving high into the air and du Plessis snaffles the catch just outside the fielding circle;Glenn Maxwell c du Plessis b Morris 17 (16m 11b 3x4 0x6) SR: 154.54;
11.2;4;Morris to Maxwell, FOUR runs poor delivery, angled onto leg stump and that's neatly tickled away to fine leg;
11.1;1;Morris to Marsh, 1 run full at the stumps, driven straight and this strikes the umpire on his thigh as he tries to get out of the way;
10.6;1;Wiese to Marsh, 1 run short and pulled through midwicket;
10.5;W;Wiese to Smith, OUT and he's edged it! A very tame dismissal. A short delivery which he was trying to guide to third man - another cutter from Wiese, dragged a long way down - and it takes a top edge through to de Kock;Steven Smith c ?de Kock b Wiese 6 (17m 17b 0x4 0x6) SR: 35.29;
10.4;2;Wiese to Smith, 2 runs holds his shape this time, flicks it from well outside off through midwicket and places it nicely for a brace;
10.3;?;Wiese to Smith, no run the frustration growing for Smith as he has a wild heave to a full delivery outside off and almost swings himself off his feet;
10.2;?;Wiese to Smith, no run terrific bowling, spearing in full at the stumps, Smith falls across as he tries to work it away and gets a thick inside edge into his pads;
10.1;?;Wiese to Smith, no run drives and misses at a full ball outside off, Smith struggling to get going at the moment;
9.6;4;Tahir to Maxwell, FOUR runs dragged down a touch short, he rocks back and pulls strong to bisect deep midwicket and long on;
9.5;1;Tahir to Smith, 1 run pushed down the ground to long on;
9.4;1;Tahir to Maxwell, 1 run nudged into the leg side, plenty of space at midwicket and Tahir chases it himself;
9.3;2b;Tahir to Maxwell, 2 byes has a mighty swipe at this delivery outside off, doesn't make contact and it beats de Kock to escape for byes towards third man;
9.2;1;Tahir to Smith, 1 run some swift footwork from Smith as he flicks it along the ground through midwicket;
9.1;1;Tahir to Maxwell, 1 run clips a low full toss along the ground to long on;
8.6;?;Wiese to Smith, no run more good stuff from Wiese, just outside off, not much width, Smith punches it square to point;
8.5;?;Wiese to Smith, no run back of a length, outside off, Smith well across his crease and pushes it back to Wiese;
8.4;1;Wiese to Maxwell, 1 run taken from outside off into the leg side towards long on;
8.3;1;Wiese to Smith, 1 run a slower ball, full outside off, steered down to third man;
8.2;1;Wiese to Maxwell, 1 run tighter to the body, flicked through square leg;
8.1;4;Wiese to Maxwell, FOUR runs that's wonderful batting, it was a short delivery outside off stump but the timing and placement was top class from Maxwell as he goes onto his toes and opens the face through backward point;
7.6;?;Tahir to Smith, no run full at middle, pushed back down the pitch where Tahir fields to finish a terrific opening over;
7.5;?;Tahir to Smith, no run short outside off, opens the face and guides to point which is well protected;
7.4;?;Tahir to Smith, no run uses his feet, comes down outside off stump and flicks to midwicket;
7.3;1;Tahir to Maxwell, 1 run fuller, shovelled into the leg side towards midwicket where, with a clean piece of fielding, it could have been tight;
7.2;?;Tahir to Maxwell, no run is that a chance?! A lovely delivery, grips from middle and leg, spins to take the edge and, yes, that is a drop by de Kock behind the stumps;
7.1;W;Tahir to Finch, OUT would you believe it! Starts with a filthy full toss outside off which Finch plants straight to deep midwicket. The mood is with Tahir in recent weeks;Aaron Finch c Rabada b Imran Tahir 40 (32m 18b 2x4 4x6) SR: 222.22;
6.6;?;Wiese to Smith, no run outside off, pushed into the covers...that's a good over from Wiese to calm things down a touch;
6.5;?;Wiese to Smith, no run goes across his stumps, you can see all three behind him, whips this to midwicket;
6.4;1;Wiese to Finch, 1 run driven on the up to the cover sweeper...South Africa able to spread the field now;
6.3;1;Wiese to Smith, 1 run keeps it full, Smith gently pushes to back past the bowler towards long off;
6.2;?;Wiese to Smith, no run full outside off, Smith comes forward and defends to the covers;
6.1;W;Wiese to Warner, OUT strikes first ball! Over the wicket, short of a length outside off, and Warner ends up steering this straight to backward point where Duminy takes a good low catch. He went for placement rather than brute force this time;David Warner c Duminy b Wiese 20 (15m 11b 3x4 1x6) SR: 181.81;
5.6;1;Morris to Warner, 1 run down the pitch, he's on one leg when he cracks this to cover;
5.5;6;Morris to Warner, SIX runs this goes very high, and has the distance as well...back of a length, Warner pulls off the front foot, the angle is coming into him from round the wicket and clears deep midwicket;
5.4;?;Morris to Warner, no run not far away from dragging this on as Morris goes shorter, Warner pulls and gets a thick bottom edge which puts backspin on the ball and nearly sees it roll into the stumps;
5.3;4;Morris to Warner, FOUR runs gets this over mid-off, it's a touch fuller from Morris, Warner stays in his crease and just drills through the line to comfortably clear the in-field;
5.2;?;Morris to Warner, no run comes round the wicket, back of a length outside off, crunched to cover;
5.1;4;Morris to Warner, FOUR runs short of a length and that's a very nice piece of placement from Warner as he flips it off his hip backward of square on the leg side;
4.6;2;Duminy to Finch, 2 runs wide outside off again, Finch giving himself room to the leg side but again manages to reach the ball with the toe end of the bat. Gets enough on it to clear mid-off. That might be Duminy done for the day;
4.5;?;Duminy to Finch, no run quick and slung in towards leg stump, he goes for the sweep and gets taken on the pad. A dot ball.;
4.4;4;Duminy to Finch, FOUR runs almost six, just a few meters short...Duminy fired it miles outside off, Finch did very well to even reach the ball and someone manages to flat-bat it over cover;
4.3;6;Duminy to Finch, SIX runs three in a row! Hold on, folks. This is an awful full toss which Finch dispatches into the stands over deep midwicket again;
4.2;6;Duminy to Finch, SIX runs that's huge again! The spectators at deep midwicket in danger. It's a quicker, shorter, delivery which Finch rocks back to and pulls high and handsome;
4.1;6;Duminy to Finch, SIX runs round the wicket and that's deposited over deep midwicket, Finch goes down on his back knee and slog sweeps with terrific power which overcame the fact it came high off the bat;
3.6;1;Abbott to Finch, 1 run back of a length outside off, Finch stands tall and punches to the left of mid-off;
3.5;?;Abbott to Finch, no run driven on the up to cover;
3.4;1;Abbott to Warner, 1 run tucked into the leg side to deep square;
3.3;?;Abbott to Warner, no run back of a length outside off, Warner steps back towards leg stump and thumps this towards mid-off;
3.2;4;Abbott to Warner, FOUR runs throws his hands through this, wide outside off, no holding back and Warner was able to free his arms over point;
3.1;1;Abbott to Finch, 1 run flicked away from outside off behind square on the leg side;
2.6;?;Rabada to Warner, no run very full outside off, 151kph and does Warner for pace as he jabs over the top of the delivery. Good wheels from Rabada;
2.5;W;Rabada to Khawaja, OUT picks him out! Deep square leg barely had to move...a short ball, Khawaja went for the pull and didn't try to keep it down. A lot of effort for not much reward in that stay. Neat catch by Wiese;Usman Khawaja c Wiese b Rabada 9 (11m 10b 1x4 0x6) SR: 90;
2.4;1;Rabada to Finch, 1 run short at the body, he pulls sweetly off his hip but Tahir does well at short fine-leg to cut off what would have been a certain boundary;
2.3;1;Rabada to Khawaja, 1 run full outside off, clubbed towards mid-on who is deep enough to allow the single;
2.2;1;Rabada to Finch, 1 run back of a length, Finch adjusts and taps into the covers;
2.1;6;Rabada to Finch, SIX runs this time he clears the boundary! Takes this delivery, which is full outside off, over wide mid-on as the bottom hand comes into play and the bat face closes. Good connection;
1.6;1;Abbott to Finch, 1 run goes down the pitch and across the pitch, Abbott is back of a length and Finch pulls into the leg side without any timing;
1.5;1;Abbott to Khawaja, 1 run fuller this time, outside off, he drives away from his body and gets a thick outside edge down to third man;
1.4;?;Abbott to Khawaja, no run three strikes, but he isn't out...angled across, back of a length outside off, Khawaja wafting at a lot of fresh air at the moment;
1.3;?;Abbott to Khawaja, no run same again, almost identical as Abbott bangs it in back of a length and Khawaja is defeat by the slowness off the surface...goes on the second bounce to de Kock;
1.2;?;Abbott to Khawaja, no run short ball outside off, angled across, Khawaja goes for the pull and is beaten on the under edge as the ball dies somewhat off the surface;
1.1;4;Abbott to Khawaja, FOUR runs nice placement, comes onto the front foot and drives square through the overs...finds the gap wide if point;
0.6;?;Rabada to Finch, no run good comeback, a yorker, dug out back to the bowler;
0.5;4;Rabada to Finch, FOUR runs that's trademark Finch, a punchy, lofted straight drive to a pretty good delivery - at 146kph and just back of a length - and it goes a couple of bounces over the rope;
0.4;?;Rabada to Finch, no run keeps it full outside off, not much footwork as he drives and gets a thick inside edge to the leg side;
0.3;1;Rabada to Khawaja, 1 run driven on the up this time, behind square on the off side, but backward point is able to cut it off;
0.2;?;Rabada to Khawaja, no run full outside off, 142mph, he walks into a drive which finds mid-off;
0.2;1w;Rabada to Khawaja, 1 wide very full, slips down past leg stump and called wide;
0.1;2;Rabada to Khawaja, 2 runs full at middle and off, neatly flicked away through straight midwicket...nice piece of timing to start with;

Rabada to open the bowling. Two slips in place...
5.55pm Vasanth: "David Warner at No.4 is not a good move considering the World T20 is going to happen on spin friendly wickets in India"
Ben: "Interesting selections from Australia. They have picked what they probably believe is their weakest bowling attack. I think this series is a trial between Tye and Faulkner for the death bowler spot."
5.50pm Siddharth: "Not surprised by the omission of Steyn. I don't rate him high as a T20 bowler anyways. But Watson's omission is certainly surprising, given that his latest T20 innings was 124*!"
Doug: "@Ram - I think they have left out Faulkner to strengthen their bowling. There is batting depth. Hastings and NCN hit a long ball."
Avnish: "Khawaja has been hyped so much in Australian domestic media that no performance can live up to the hype. Not that he has done anything worth noticing so far" His recent run of the scores is: 24, 45, 140, 44, 50, 14, 70, 104*, 62, 144, 56. Not too shabby
5.40pm Karthikeya: "Can anyone explain the omission of Watson and Steyn. I'd be very disappointed if they are not injured!" Doesn't appear injury-related, but will keep an eye out for updates
Niazi: "Andrew why amla sit out ?? Injuiry ? SA going to lose this match...huh" Faf du Plessis said they wanted to try out a couple of opening combinations before the World T20
Ram: "Faulkner not playing ???? He is one of the best striker in IPL ... and excellent experience of T20 ..."
5.30pm Australia have won the toss and will bat
Here's the Australia XI: Finch, Khawaja, Smith (capt), Warner, Maxwell, M Marsh, Nevill, Hastings, Zampa, Coulter-Nile, Tye
Dale Steyn doesn't play for South Africa. Here's there XI: De Kock, De Villiers, Du Plessis (capt), Duminy, Rossouw, Miller, Wiese, Morris, Abbott, Rabada, Tahir
So Amla sits out this one as well
5.25pm Drew: "It says something about me that I'm about at 3am (when it starts) to watch a format of the game I really don't care for much then :-p Cheers to the die-hards!"
Lecs: "In response to Drew, I think its his low confidence in his team when it comes to T20. So Australia really need to do good in this series and upcoming WT20 to get many more Drew's confidence in this Australian team in T20 too."
5.10pm Drew: "Is it already so blase as an Australian to say t20 is something we couldn't care less about? Isn't the t20 world cup just something manufactured to make cricket forget about the embarrassment of the 2007 world cup? Andrew, do you think I need to wait until Australia win one to say these things, for my opinion to be valid? Or does my opinion become invalid if Australia win one, because that would mean they actually tried? Such a pickle!"
Well, no one says you have to like or care about the tournament. It's a curious tale that Australia, barring reaching the final in 2010, have never cracked it. This top order looks as though it could give them a chance, but the bowling looks a little thin.
5.05pm Mag: "Do you think one these team is a serious contender for the title?" I know it's dangerous to suggest, but I think South Africa will have a good tournament. Imran Tahir's form is key and AB de Villiers can be dynamic as an opener.
We have some early team news: Peter Nevill and Adam Zampa have been confirmed for their T20I debuts. Have just been handed caps by Mark Waugh.
Meanwhile, South Africa should have Dale Steyn with them tonight. So why not get stuck into Nagraj Gollapudi's in-depth Cricket Monthly interview with the man. It offers a fascinating insight into one of the game's modern greats.
Aaditey: "More than South Africa, I think Australia is a serious contender for the WT20. David Warner at no.4 is a brilliant move, strengths the middle order where they lacked against India. "
5.00pm Hello everyone and welcome to our coverage of this T20 series between South Africa and Australia which begins in Durban. The teams competing in the upcoming World T20 are preparing in a variety of ways, for these two sides it is three matches in conditions that will probably not be especially close to India but it will be valuable planning and fine-tuning time. We'll have the toss and team news for you in half an hour. Will be interesting to see what batting order Australia go with. I'm Andrew McGlashan and along with Alan Gardner will bring you all the action over the next few hours
For now, here is some pre-match reading with our preview and the thoughts of the two captains ahead of the series.
 Innings Start
9.25pm: It was Clinical Miller in the end, a superbly judged innings to get South Africa home. Faf du Plessis' side are on a roll in the shortest format, this their fifth win in a row, and they look to be warming up nicely for the World T20. Australia, well, they made a bit of a pavlova of this one, sweet and tasty up front but soft in the middle; this is also their fifth straight T20 defeat, leaving Steven Smith with some thinking to do. Anyway, that's your lot, unfortunately, as we're not getting the presentations. David Miller was my Man of the Match, which is really all that matters... We'll be back for more on Sunday, until then it's toodles from Gnasher and me. Thanks for your comments. Ta ra!
Here's Tiaan, letting off steam: "yyyyyyyyeeeeeeessssss! The last 3 out of 4 Friday nights has shortened my life WELL DONE PROTEAS!!! THE PROTEA FIRE BUUURRRRNS!!!"
And Steven Scott brings us the view from the other side: "As an Aussie, I am relieved we don't have to play the qualifying round for world t20. That is how bad we are right now."
"How does this work? Aus got AB for a diamond duck, QDK out for a low score, 2 bizarre runout both involving Miller, and yet SA won." It truly is a funny old game, Satya...
19.2;4;Tye to Abbott, FOUR runs or not! Abbott slugs it straight back down the ground to seal victory! A solid tailender's whack and South Africa win by three wickets to go 1-0 up in the three-match series;
19.1;1;Tye to Miller, 1 run round the wicket, full on the stumps, Miller punches through the covers again... hesitated before taking the single;
18.6;1;Zampa to Miller, 1 run full on the stumps and Miller drives one through the covers to keep the strike for the final over;
18.5;2;Zampa to Miller, 2 runs tossed up full on leg stump, Miller advances and whips the ball wide of long-on - another good stop on the rope prevents four but Miller will chalk up his first fifty in T20 internationals, a fine knock;
18.4;1;Zampa to Abbott, 1 run short from Zampa, width to swing the arms and slap one to deep point - 150 up for SA, closing in;
18.3;?;Zampa to Abbott, no run pushed through outside off, Abbott drops back and steers it straight to backward point;
18.2;1;Zampa to Miller, 1 run goes back in the crease and clips one through square leg;
18.1;?;Zampa to Miller, no run tossed up nice and full, punched back to the bowler;
17.6;1;Hastings to Miller, 1 run full, slower ball, dug out down the ground;
17.5;6;Hastings to Miller, SIX runs that's gone! Fully over the stand at deep square leg this time! Miller adjusts his range and attaches a rocket to a full, leg-stump ball from Hastings, sends it fizzing beyond the rope, beyond the stadium, possibly beyond the city limits... and yet it's still only worth six;
17.4;?;Hastings to Miller, no run dug into the pitch, cutting his fingers over it, Miller swings and misses outside off;
17.3;1;Hastings to Abbott, 1 run good length on the stumps, Abbott stands back and prods it to Hastings' right, he can't quite get down and they scamper one;
17.2;1;Hastings to Miller, 1 run short of a length, swivels on a pull to deep backward square;
17.1;4;Hastings to Miller, FOUR runs brilliant shot, lashed through the covers in front of the sweeper for four! He picked the slower ball and threw his hands through the shot;
16.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Miller, 1 run angled in from round the wicket, worked into a gap at midwicket, Miller will keep the strike;
16.5;W;Coulter-Nile to Morris, OUT slogged over extra cover, not got all of it - gottim, brilliant from Finch! Superb work, running across from mid-off, he barreled to his left and took it at full stretch, tumbling over before sitting up, looking like a pleased teddy bear. Morris just needed to hang around with Miller but he's holed out, the finisher finished;Chris Morris c Finch b Coulter-Nile 8 (19m 9b 1x4 0x6) SR: 88.88;
16.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Miller, 1 run short ball, possible taking the pace off, Miller adjusts to swat it away through midwicket;
16.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Miller, no run fired in on the stumps, can't get it away through midwicket;
16.3;1w;Coulter-Nile to Miller, 1 wide fired full and wide as Miller set himself to hit over cover - just outside the tramlines;
16.2;2;Coulter-Nile to Miller, 2 runs miscued but safe! Coulter-Nile bowls a cute cutter and Miller sends a top edge spiralling behind square on the leg side... between two fielders, though, and they get a couple more;
16.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Morris, 1 run short ball, Morris shuffles across and pulls one in front of square to give "Killer" Miller the strike;
15.6;?;Tye to Miller, no run takes some of the pace off it, mistimed back towards the bowler;
15.5;6;Tye to Miller, SIX runs that is OUTTA HERE! Slightly short from Tye and Miller swings like Benny Goodman in his pomp, sends it on to the tin roof at deep square leg and it bounces all the way out of the ground... Further than Coulter-Nile's blow earlier in the day;
15.4;2;Tye to Miller, 2 runs full on leg stump, bunted down the ground and they hurtle back for two;
15.3;6;Tye to Miller, SIX runs that's in his arc... and almost out the park! Miller unleashes the homicidal maniac inside and heaves Tye over deep midwicket;
15.2;1;Tye to Morris, 1 run pitched up and punched down the ground for one;
15.1;1;Tye to Miller, 1 run round the wicket, full and driven through the covers;
14.6;?;Marsh to Morris, no run full outside off, Morris winds up for a belt down the ground, squeezes it into the pitch... and Marsh leaps magnificently to his right to grab it in his follow through and prevent a run;
14.5;1;Marsh to Miller, 1 run fired in full, Miller glances another single off his pads;
14.4;1;Marsh to Morris, 1 run on the stumps and worked through backward square;
14.3;4;Marsh to Morris, FOUR runs pick-up flick over midwicket, just a chip off the pads but it's well placed and bounces away between two men for four;
14.2;1;Marsh to Miller, 1 run shorter length, angling in, worked through square leg coming down the track;
14.1;?;Marsh to Miller, no run round the wicket, Miller pushes a drive to extra cover;
13.6;1;Zampa to Miller, 1 run gives it some air, on off stump, drilled through cover for another single;
13.5;4;Zampa to Miller, FOUR runs tossed up and that's a powerful sweep from Miller, hard and flat for four through deep square leg;
13.5;3w;Zampa to Miller, 3 wide slightly leg side, Miller flicks and misses... as does Nevill and it runs away fine;
13.4;1;Zampa to Morris, 1 run touch shorter, waits in the crease and punches through cover point;
13.3;?;Zampa to Morris, no run flatter, on off stump, pushed back down the track;
13.2;?;Zampa to Morris, no run flighted, outside off, spins and beats the bat as Morris attempts to sweep;
13.1;1;Zampa to Miller, 1 run tossed up on middle and leg, Miller walks out and punches down the ground;
12.6;1;Hastings to Miller, 1 run worked off the legs to keep the strike;
12.5;W;Hastings to Miller, OUT uh-oh spaghetti-ohs! This is an almighty mix up and someone has been run out... Looks like Wiese is trudging off. Miller had played the ball down between his legs, he didn't know exactly where it had gone, Wiese came charging through and by the time Miller tried to send him back they were both at the same end. Hastings kept calm to run down in his follow through and gently toss the ball back to the non-striker's end and complete the job;David Wiese run out (Hastings/Smith) 13 (20m 11b 0x4 1x6) SR: 118.18;
12.4;2;Hastings to Miller, 2 runs length on off, worked wristily through square leg, into a gap and they trundle back for two;
12.3;1;Hastings to Wiese, 1 run over the wicket, slower ball outside off, Wiese gets a bottom edge into the covers trying to cut;
12.2;1lb;Hastings to Miller, 1 leg bye shortish again, goes across and pulls, comes off the thigh pad to short fine leg;
12.1;4;Hastings to Miller, FOUR runs round the wicket, short ball at the body, Miller connects well with a flat pull that runs away behind square;
11.6;2;Zampa to Wiese, 2 runs tossed up full on the stumps, firmly bunted down the ground, looks good for a straight four... until Glenn Maxwell whizzes into view and pulls of a full-stretch dive to keep the ball in play. Brilliant, fingertip work, sliding in front of the rope to prevent four;
11.5;?;Zampa to Wiese, no run flat legbreak outside off, goes back and whirls the hands through a meaty blow, sliced to backward point;
11.4;1;Zampa to Miller, 1 run comes forward and pushes one through mid-on;
11.3;?;Zampa to Miller, no run floated up a little slower, Miller sweeps and maybe gets a bit of edge on it, loops off the pad to the off side, Nevill won't get there;
11.2;1;Zampa to Wiese, 1 run pushed through, Wiese opens up his body and steers one through point;
11.1;?;Zampa to Wiese, no run floated up around off stump, stands tall and defends;
10.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Wiese, 1 run full and straight and squirted away through square leg for one more;
10.6;1w;Coulter-Nile to Wiese, 1 wide short ball, wide off the off stump - called on height;
10.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Wiese, no run shorter this time, clothed to the leg side on the pull;
10.4;6;Coulter-Nile to Wiese, SIX runs baseball swing, connects well - you'rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrree outta heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeerrrrrreeee! Murderous swing of the bat from Wiese, carts the ball high over cow corner for a Dorothy;
10.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Wiese, no run back of a length outside off and Wiese hangs out an angled bat, nearly chops on;
10.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Miller, 1 run pitched up and driven through mid-on for another single;
10.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Wiese, 1 run back of a length in the corridor, Wiese opens the face and runs one to third man;
9.6;?;Marsh to Miller, no run pitched up outside off and driven into the covers;
9.5;1;Marsh to Wiese, 1 run good length on off stump, driven into the covers... and there's another direct hit! He's safe but only just! Warner was the man at mid-off, he arrowed the throw in to the non-striker's end but Wiese was through the crease in time;
9.4;W;Marsh to Miller, OUT run out, du Plessis gone now! Miller dropped his first ball down behind square, they go for the quick single but Nevill was quicker than both, swooping to his left and under-arming on to the stumps with Faf half a yard short of his ground;Faf du Plessis run out (?Nevill) 40 (44m 26b 4x4 1x6) SR: 153.84;
9.3;W;Marsh to Rossouw, OUT full toss, room to swing the arms... and he's sliced it straight to backward point! Rossouw winces as he walks off, bit village all round, that. Nicely taken by the diving Khawaja, though;Rilee Rossouw c Khawaja b Marsh 19 (18m 14b 2x4 0x6) SR: 135.71;
9.2;1;Marsh to du Plessis, 1 run short of a length, goes back and across and drills one more through the covers;
9.1;4;Marsh to du Plessis, FOUR runs full on off stump and scooped impudently over short fine leg! Outrageous stuff from du Plessis, even if we're used to seeing that sort of thing these days... huge bravery, too, head down and trusting his reflexes to get the ball away;
8.6;2;Tye to Rossouw, 2 runs round the wicket, pitched up and driven in front of square, good running and a dive from Rossouw brings them back for two;
8.5;1;Tye to du Plessis, 1 run goes over the wicket, good length and rifled square off the back foot, straight to deep point for one;
8.5;2nb;Tye to Rossouw, (no ball) 1 run another full toss - this looks like it'll be a no-ball on height - and Rossouw does well to keep it eye on it and clout one in the air out towards long-on;
8.4;4;Tye to Rossouw, FOUR runs full toss from Tye... and it squeezes past backward point off an outside edge for four;
8.3;1;Tye to du Plessis, 1 run comes forward and drives a single into a gap at mid-off;
8.2;1;Tye to Rossouw, 1 run slower ball, slightly short and Rossouw goes to pull, mistimes it through square leg... looks like a bat-breaker, right off the corner of the toe;
8.1;?;Tye to Rossouw, no run excellent line and length from Tye, beats the bat as Rossouw pokes at it outside off;
7.6;1;Zampa to Rossouw, 1 run flighted, on the stumps, worked around the front pad to deep midwicket;
7.5;1;Zampa to du Plessis, 1 run quicker, on middle and leg, nurdled through mid-on;
7.4;1;Zampa to Rossouw, 1 run looped up nice and slow outside off, not much turn to speak of, slapped through the covers;
7.3;?;Zampa to Rossouw, no run pushed through outside off, Rossouw chops off the back foot straight to backward point;
7.2;2;Zampa to Rossouw, 2 runs tossed up on the stumps, worked away to leg and again they come back for two;
7.1;2;Zampa to Rossouw, 2 runs dragged down slightly, Rossouw drops back and pulls into a gap between long-on and deep midwicket;
6.6;2;Marsh to du Plessis, 2 runs full outside off, crunched through the covers coming forwards, cut off on the rope but they get a couple;
6.5;?;Marsh to du Plessis, no run full on off stump, 137kph, Faf opens the face and steers to backward point;
6.4;1;Marsh to Rossouw, 1 run angled across on off stump, punched down the ground;
6.3;1;Marsh to du Plessis, 1 run full length a foot outside off, du Plessis crouches like a ninja assassin and nun-chucks a drive through mid-off;
6.2;?;Marsh to du Plessis, no run straighter line, worked to midwicket;
6.1;?;Marsh to du Plessis, no run short outside off, du Plessis attempts a cut and gets a bottom edge down into the turf;
5.6;?;Tye to Rossouw, no run tighter line, not quite so full, defended into the off side;
5.5;4;Tye to Rossouw, FOUR runs stroked through the covers for four first ball! Tye went round the wicket, slightly overptiched and Rossouw got low to drill the ball to the deep extra cover boundary;
5.4;W;Tye to Duminy, OUT shortish, on the pull - and picks out midwicket! Duminy didn't connect cleanly, came off the toe straight to Finch, who took it above his head. A roll of the Tye die works for Smith;Jean-Paul Duminy c Finch b Tye 5 (10m 9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 55.55;
5.3;2;Tye to Duminy, 2 runs on the stumps, swings to leg, gets this into a gap and they come back for two;
5.2;1;Tye to du Plessis, 1 run back of a length, moves to off and swipes a pull through square leg;
5.1;1;Tye to Duminy, 1 run shortish, backs away and steers to third man;
4.6;4;Maxwell to du Plessis, FOUR runs down the ground again, clearing the man at mid-off and it bounces away for four more;
4.5;6;Maxwell to du Plessis, SIX runs tossed up on the stumps - and slotted into the crowd at deep square leg! Brutal blow from du Plessis, who's taking some personal revenge for Finch's mauling of Duminy earlier;
4.4;?;Maxwell to du Plessis, no run backs away to leg and Maxwell follows him with a flat, quick one;
4.3;4;Maxwell to du Plessis, FOUR runs full and floaty outside off, spanked down the ground for four... Du Plessis smacks cleanly through the line;
4.2;1;Maxwell to Duminy, 1 run darted on the stumps and Duminy flicks in the air through midwicket;
4.1;1;Maxwell to du Plessis, 1 run tossed up and worked away to leg for one;
3.6;?;Hastings to Duminy, no run short ball, Duminy swings across the line and fails to connect;
3.5;?;Hastings to Duminy, no run length ball, 137kph on off stump, stabbed into the covers;
3.4;?;Hastings to Duminy, no run tight lines around off stump, pushed square on the off side;
3.3;?;Hastings to Duminy, no run good length, sliding across the batsman outside off, Duminy watches it through;
3.2;1;Hastings to du Plessis, 1 run fractionally too straight, du Plessis waits in the crease and nudges to leg for one more;
3.1;1;Hastings to Duminy, 1 run angled across the left-hander and Duminy slashes his first run in the air through backward point;
2.6;2;Coulter-Nile to du Plessis, 2 runs short ball, again du Plessis swipes it off his hip, a short-arm jab and deep backward square leg does exceptionally well on the boundary to keep them to two;
2.5;W;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, OUT full and straight, de Kock plays across the line again... and this time the top edge ends up in the hands of the bowler! It was a slower ball from Coulter-Nile, cutting his fingers over it, deceived de Kock and the ball went straight up to be taken halfway down the pitch;Quinton de Kock c & b Coulter-Nile 7 (13m 8b 1x4 0x6) SR: 87.5;
2.4;1;Coulter-Nile to du Plessis, 1 run length outside off stump, gets one down to third man;
2.3;4;Coulter-Nile to du Plessis, FOUR runs dug in, decent pace and bounce for Coulter-Nile but du Plessis shows fast hands in flipping it up and away over square leg for four;
2.2;?;Coulter-Nile to du Plessis, no run short ball, taking the pace off, shuffles across and swings and misses;
2.1;2;Coulter-Nile to du Plessis, 2 runs big inside edge past the stumps! It was full and tempting the drive, du Plessis gets lucky;
1.6;?;Hastings to de Kock, no run pitched up outside off and punched along the carpet to mid-off;
1.5;4;Hastings to de Kock, FOUR runs lashed over the covers, free-flowing stroke from de Kock, just a step out to the line and cleared the infield;
1.4;2;Hastings to de Kock, 2 runs swings to leg, across the line and gets a big top edge... that sails over the slips and ends up bouncing towards the rope, third man coming across to prevent four;
1.3;?;Hastings to de Kock, no run shortish, on the body, nudged to leg;
1.2;?;Hastings to de Kock, no run good length, in the channel and again de Kock reaches for it, half an appeal for caught behind but nothing doing;
1.1;?;Hastings to de Kock, no run excellent start, teasing line and it has de Kock fumbling like a lusty teenager outside off, beats the outside edge;
0.6;?;Coulter-Nile to du Plessis, no run pitched up around off stump and defended into the covers coming forwards;
0.5;?;Coulter-Nile to du Plessis, no run full outside off, du Plessis plinks a drive towards mid-off;
0.4;1;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, 1 run back of a length, de Kock dabs his first ball down into the leg side and calls for a sharp single... would have been tight if Zampa collected cleanly running in from midwicket;
0.3;1;Coulter-Nile to du Plessis, 1 run banged in at 144kph and this is fended through backward square for one;
0.2;2;Coulter-Nile to du Plessis, 2 runs scooped in the air, but wide of square leg! Short ball and he didn't deal with it very well, shovelled past the diving fielder;
0.1;W;Coulter-Nile to de Villiers, OUT got him, steered to the keeper for a golden duck! Some swing for Coulter-Nile, no foot movement from AB and he sort of pokes at it, visible edge and Peter Nevill pounces to his right to pouch a first-ball catch on debut!;AB de Villiers c ?Nevill b Coulter-Nile 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;

Nathan Coulter-Nile, playing only his second game since December, with the new ball, AB de Villiers on strike
Howdy, folks. Well, that was a Big Dipper effort from Australia, zooming through a loop-the-loop and then hurtling back to earth, before a little kick at the end and then a juddering halt. It looks like a below-par score... But will South Africa have the measure of chasing once again? We're about to find out
 Innings Start
Australia
South Africa
1st T20I (N), Durban, Mar 4 2016, Australia tour of South Africa
157/9
158/7
Player of the match is David Miller, SA
South Africa won by 3 wickets (with 4 balls remaining)
