Data
Stephen: "No, Paul, it won't be an exact replica. England scored 435 in 2009, 430 this time. To be exact it ... oh. never mind." -- I was going to go there, but I let it go. Never takes long for a pedant to show up...
Adu: "England love for "43" in first innings, they were "43" for 3, end of first day's play they were 343 and they are all out now on 430.. strange coincidence.... "
Nabhaan: "One thing nobody's mentioned is that Chris Rogers has 6 fifties in his last 6 innings. He needs one in this innings to equal the record." -- Indeed. Bishen Jeswant from our stats team tells me there are four batsmen on seven successive fifties - Everton Weekes, Andy Flower, Shivnarine Chanderpaul and Kumar Sangakkara.
Jonathan: "And thanks to another not-out, Wood's batting average is now higher than his highest score..."
Hassan Mahmood: "Karthik's Figures for Australia today: 2.1 overs, 11 for 2"
Paul: "Could it be an exact replica of Cardiff 2009? England 435 all out. Australia 600+???"
12.15pm England have added 87 runs today, and 430 looks a pretty good total, if not one that should alarm Australia too much, just yet. Starc finishes with five, without bowling particularly well.
102.1;W;Starc to Anderson, OUT gone, and that's a five-for for Starc. Anderson comes down the track, making himself room to slash over the covers. It's full and straight. Anderson misses, Starc hits.;James Anderson b Starc 1 (10m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 16.66;
101.6;?;Lyon to Wood, no run some turn down the leg side to beat Wood's attempted flick and Haddin removes the bails and growls an appeal. He lifted his foot after the stumping was completed, but where was it before Haddin removed the bails? They've gone up to the third umpire, and it looks firmly grounded. Should Haddin have waited a teeny bit longer?;
101.5;?;Lyon to Wood, no run now Wood misses the reverse sweep, trying to play the shot from outside leg stump;
101.4;?;Lyon to Wood, no run;
101.3;1;Lyon to Anderson, 1 run ooh, just out of reach. Anderson runs down the pitch, fails to get anywhere near the pitch of the ball, and goes through with his shot. Miscues it over the top and just beyond the reach of Johnson, backtracking from a deepish mid-off;
101.2;?;Lyon to Anderson, no run goes for the reverse sweep and fails to connect as this spins and bounces outside off;
101.1;?;Lyon to Anderson, no run tossed up outside off and it dips and turns away to beat Anderson's prodding forward defensive;
100.6;?;Starc to Wood, no run better length and line, swinging in towards middle stump. Wood, starting from an already open stance, moves his front pad away from the line and blocks it back to the bowler;
100.6;5w;Starc to Wood, 5 wide bouncer, bouncing high and slanting a long way across. Wood thinks of pulling, decides against it, and the leaping Haddin can only get the tip of his glove on it;
100.5;4;Starc to Wood, FOUR runs overpitched on off stump, and that's smart from Wood. Moved his front leg out of the way to make himself room and negate lbw as it swung in, and freed his arms to drive it crisply through square cover;
100.4;1lb;Starc to Anderson, 1 leg bye follows the bouncer with the yorker, but it's a touch too straight and Anderson tickles it away through backward square leg;
100.3;?;Starc to Anderson, no run gets a short ball first up, and it comes in off the track and follows him. Tries to get his gloves out of the way as it rears up at him, goes through to the keeper. Appeal from Australia, given not out, and Clarke has reviewed. Passes very close to Anderson's top glove, but I'm not sure it's hit anything. Third umpire Chris Gaffaney says it's hard to say. Ooh, let's have real-time Snicko, and there's the tiniest of spikes as it goes past the glove. The merest of spikes, and they're checking HotSpot again. No mark here, so if it's hit his glove, it's the barest brush. Looks like a difficult decision, and Gaffaney advises Erasmus to go with his original decision.;
100.2;W;Starc to Ali, OUT goes for the big drive, and that's the end of Moeen's positive innings. Swings away from a fullish length outside off, inviting the drive, and Moeen goes hard at it. Watson takes the outside edge well at slip, holding it with two hands in front of his face while falling backwards;Moeen Ali c Watson b Starc 77 (116m 88b 11x4 1x6) SR: 87.5;
100.1;?;Starc to Ali, no run length ball outside off, a bit of shape away, and Moeen leaves it alone;
67.6;1;Starc to Stokes, 1 run in the blockhole, and this one swings the other way, into off stump. Stokes jams down on it and they steal a single as it rolls towards mid-on;
67.5;4b;Starc to Stokes, 4 byes oh, my. Haddin sprawls to his right once again as Starc slants it down the leg side. Bounces after passing the batsman, sneaks under his gloves, runs away for four byes;
67.4;?;Starc to Stokes, no run very full on off stump, a bit of swing again, blocked back to the bowler;
67.3;?;Starc to Stokes, no run back of a length on off stump, punched to mid-off;
67.2;?;Starc to Stokes, no run length ball, fifth-stump, swerving away, beats the outside edge of Stokes' hesitant half-prod, half-drive;
67.1;3;Starc to Root, 3 runs full, swinging into middle and leg, clipped away crisply through square leg;
66.6;?;Watson to Stokes, no run length ball close to off stump, angling away. Stokes watches it carefully and lets it go;
66.5;?;Watson to Stokes, no run length ball, a bit of swing into middle stump, clipped defensively to short midwicket;
66.4;?;Watson to Stokes, no run wow. That was unexpected. Came back in sharply from a good length, with extra bounce, and the startled Stokes doubles up and gets a smack in the stomach, off the inside edge of the high part of his bat;
66.3;?;Watson to Stokes, no run length ball angling across towards off stump, defended towards mid-off;
66.2;4;Watson to Stokes, FOUR runs shot! Width outside off and Stokes sets up a firm base after taking a step forward, and crashes it away backward of point;
66.1;?;Watson to Stokes, no run fullish on middle and off, presses forward to block it back towards the bowler;
99.6;1;Lyon to Ali, 1 run fetched from outside off and smartly flicked down to long on to keep the strike;
99.5;?;Lyon to Ali, no run patted into the off side;
99.4;2;Lyon to Ali, 2 runs brings out the reverse sweep, doesn't make great contact but gets it through short third man;
99.3;?;Lyon to Ali, no run defended to the off side;
99.2;4;Lyon to Ali, FOUR runs down the pitch, and just manages to clear mid-off who is two thirds of the way...and it's Johnson who is the fielder. Moeen used his feet, but only made contact with the bottom of the bat but just had the legs to clear Mitchell J as he tried to run back;
99.1;1;Lyon to Wood, 1 run round the wicket, worked off the back foot behind square on the leg side;
98.6;1;Starc to Wood, 1 run tries another yorker, it's a full toss which Wood bunts into the covers to steal the strike;
98.5;1;Starc to Ali, 1 run aims for an off-stump yorker, nudged towards mid-on and he sprints through...Johnson the fielding, would have been close with a hit;
98.4;?;Starc to Ali, no run back of a length on off stump, 87mph, punched into the covers;
98.3;?;Starc to Ali, no run sprays this one down the leg side, Haddin springs to his right for the umpteenth time this innings;
98.2;4;Starc to Ali, FOUR runs beautiful, again, from Moeen as he drives through the line of a full delivery and picks the gap at cover;
98.1;?;Starc to Ali, no run full and wide, flashed and missed;
65.6;?;Starc to Root, no run oooh. Yorker on middle stump, swinging in late. Root hurriedly gets his front leg out of his way to dig it out;
65.5;2;Starc to Root, 2 runs back of a length outside off, lets it come on and dabs it away to the left of Smith at backward point;
65.4;?;Starc to Root, no run very full, wide, Root jams his bat into the ground but this time there's no edge, and Haddin catches it easily. Such is life.;
65.3;?;Starc to Root, no run length ball, on the fuller side, angled across. Comes forward and plays a checked drive to cover;
65.2;?;Starc to Root, no run very full on off stump, driven to extra cover. He's struggled to hit a good length consistently today, has Starc.;
65.1;?;Starc to Root, no run fullish, swinging into off stump, punched firmly to mid-off;
64.6;?;Watson to Stokes, no run full, swinging down the leg side, forcing Haddin to sprawl full-length to his right once again. Have some consideration for the man, you heartless bowlers! He's 37!;
64.5;?;Watson to Stokes, no run fullish, angled across, left alone;
64.4;3;Watson to Root, 3 runs short and wide and this time he squeezes that cut into the gap between point and gully, without quite middling it, brings up England's 250 in the process;
64.3;?;Watson to Root, no run gentle outswinger on a good length outside off, beats Root's defensive bat as he presses forward, and then dies on its way to Haddin, who's going to have a massively achy back by the end of the day;
64.2;?;Watson to Root, no run back of a length, closer to off stump, punched into the covers;
64.1;?;Watson to Root, no run short and wide, swings away gently, not much bounce. Root has to reach out a long way to cut, and Warner dives to his right to stop it at gully;

Karan : "4 overs - was that the bowling for which Watson was selected over Marsh." -- Well, here he is now.
Martin: "Root's average conditional on having scored a ton - 542. 7 tons, 2 dismissals after getting a ton."
 Innings Start
Ram: "Karthik's figures today: 1.5-0-4-2.;)" -- Yes, I seem to excel at running through the tail.
James: "Top work by the England fast bowlers this morning. 5/44 on what is apparently a dead pitch."
Justin: "Test cricket is often unpredictable, but you would think the only reason England won't win this Test now is because of rain. Whilst England have played well, has been an embarrassing performance from an Australian team who haven't learnt any lessons from the past. This performance also continues to show again how difficult it is to win away from home and why South Africa deserve to be number 1."
12.14pm Near-perfect morning for England. Their two fastest bowlers began with the old ball, hostile, attacking the stumps, and they got rid of the overnight pair in a hurry. Then Anderson came on with the second new ball and did what he does best. England will begin their second innings with a lead of 122.
84.5;W;Anderson to Starc, OUT that's a gorgeous delivery to finish the innings, angling in from wide of the crease and swinging away late from a fullish length. Starc goes for the on-the-up drive without moving his feet too much, and Root takes the edge excellently, diving to his left from third slip;Mitchell Starc c Root b Anderson 0 (12m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
84.4;?;Anderson to Starc, no run angled in again, towards off stump, but not quite close enough to make Starc play;
84.3;?;Anderson to Starc, no run the fullish and wide tempter, and Starc isn't tempted;
84.2;?;Anderson to Starc, no run length ball on off stump, Starc is in an ungainly, closed position, but manages to defend that easily enough, back to the bowler;
84.1;?;Anderson to Starc, no run angles it in sharply towards off stump, gets it to straighten from a good length, and that's a good leave from Starc;
83.6;?;Broad to Hazlewood, no run a little less full, a little closer to off stump, Hazlewood leaves it alone;
83.5;?;Broad to Hazlewood, no run aaand again, no footwork. Broad slides it across, wider of off stump and quite full, and he leans his big frame over and pokes at it a long way from his body, with predictable results. Nowhere near connecting;
83.4;?;Broad to Hazlewood, no run length ball on leg stump, nudged awkwardly into the leg side, because even with that line, he managed to stay leg side of the ball;
83.3;2;Broad to Hazlewood, 2 runs length ball angling across to off stump or thereabouts. Hazlewood pokes at it with an angled bat, no footwork, and sends it rolling away off his edge, wide of gully;
83.2;W;Broad to Johnson, OUT and another goes. This one's even fuller, on middle stump, and the flick was on, but somehow Johnson not only flicks it in the air but finds the man at short midwicket with almost surgical precision;Mitchell Johnson c Ballance b Broad 14 (41m 19b 2x4 0x6) SR: 73.68;
83.1;2;Broad to Johnson, 2 runs fairly full on middle and off, clipped away to the left of mid-on;
82.6;?;Anderson to Starc, no run fires a length ball outside off stump, Starc reaches out and defends to the leg side;
82.5;W;Anderson to Haddin, OUT got him, the perfect outswinger from Anderson! It was on a length outside off, curling seductively away and Haddin couldn't resist, slightly tentative prod where the flashing blade might have saved him, just a tickle of outside edge and Buttler plunged to take a good, low catch;Brad Haddin c ?Buttler b Anderson 22 (50m 38b 5x4 0x6) SR: 57.89;
82.4;4;Anderson to Haddin, FOUR runs full outside off, Haddin jams the bat down late, giving the ball as much time to swing as possible, well played and he squeezes four wide of the slips down to third man once again;
82.3;1;Anderson to Johnson, 1 run on the stumps, Johnson clips wide of mid-on and they pick up a comfortable single - 300 up for Australia, the deficit shrinking quickly with these two are at the crease;
82.2;?;Anderson to Johnson, no run length delivery, shaping across the lefty Johnson from over the wicket, waves it through;
82.1;?;Anderson to Johnson, no run slightly full outside off stump, leans into a forward defensive to mid-off;
81.6;?;Broad to Haddin, no run little bit of awayswing for Broad, on a length but slightly wide, no stroke;
81.5;?;Broad to Haddin, no run lovely ball, that's too good, pitches just outside off and straightens past the bat as Haddin pokes at it;
81.4;?;Broad to Haddin, no run good length in the corridor, left alone again;
81.3;?;Broad to Haddin, no run pitched up, Haddin gets a step out to meet it, thick-edges towards point;
81.2;?;Broad to Haddin, no run shuffles across and leaves a length ball outside off;
81.1;1;Broad to Johnson, 1 run full and straight, on the pads and clipped in business-like fashion down to fine leg;
80.6;?;Anderson to Haddin, no run beaten, though he was miles from getting a touch on it, "ooohs" from the England players as Anderson shapes a length ball away from the groping bat;
80.5;2;Anderson to Haddin, 2 runs goes for the one coming back in again, this time Haddin works it away through square leg for a couple;
80.4;?;Anderson to Haddin, no run ooh, a jaffa from Anderson, this holds its line, maybe hit the seam as it zipped past the outside edge;
80.3;4b;Anderson to Haddin, 4 byes length ball, swerves down the leg side as Haddin flicks at it, Buttler can't get there... Byes signalled;
80.2;?;Anderson to Haddin, no run he's jumping around again, this time the ball keeping low outside off, Buttler has to stop it with his pads;
80.1;?;Anderson to Haddin, no run booming inswinger to start off with and it strikes the pads, via a sliver of inside edge, with Haddin back in the crease;
79.6;?;Stokes to Johnson, no run beaten, past the inside edge, excellent delivery from Stokes, nipping in from slightly back of a length, over the stumps;
79.5;1lb;Stokes to Haddin, 1 leg bye stays back and Haddin is struck on the pad trying to work to leg, Stokes appeals, leg byes are given... and England review, knowing they'll get them back in the next over. It was high and leg side and Erasmus' decision rightly stands;
79.4;?;Stokes to Haddin, no run length ball in the channel and this time left alone;
79.3;?;Stokes to Haddin, no run woof! Length outside off and Haddin has a big yahoo, carves out a slice of fresh air;
79.2;?;Stokes to Haddin, no run inswinger from Stokes, doesn't come back quite far enough as Haddin shoulders arms;
79.1;4;Stokes to Haddin, FOUR runs more runs for Haddin, the dam has been burst... bit streaky, jumping back and prodding as the ball seamed back, maybe a touch low, took a thick edge and squirted past the slips;
78.6;4;Ali to Johnson, FOUR runs flighted, inviting Johnson to come forward, he accepts and smokes one down the ground, big stride and a free-flowing swing through the line;
78.5;?;Ali to Johnson, no run gives it some air outside the line of off, pushed square;
78.4;?;Ali to Johnson, no run floated up, reaches out to defend on the front foot;
78.3;?;Ali to Johnson, no run very slow, skids on outside off, Johnson stays back and gets a bottom edge into the ground trying to cut;
78.2;?;Ali to Johnson, no run flighted, slightly wide of the stumps,, lets this one through to the keeper;
78.1;?;Ali to Johnson, no run around the wicket, tossed up outside off, tapped back;

Cook now chucks the ball to Moeen Ali... Interesting move, still a couple of overs until the new ball. Two slips in
 Innings Start
That's the close. A few bits of cricket in that final session that weren't ideal from England - the last six wickets went for 82 - but the overall result is a very healthy lead and Australia will need 412 to win. They have two days to it, but the pitch isn't that easy. England set up the day with an excellent morning session with the ball, then after a tricky start to their second innings twin 60s from Ian Bell and Joe Root extended the lead. Ben Stokes biffed away and Mark Wood clubbed a useful 32 late on. Australia held in there well, Starc pushing himself through with a sore ankle and Lyon bowling nicely, while Johnson deservedly opened his tally for the series. We'll have a full match report for you shortly and plenty more analysis coming through the evening. For now, though, from Gnasher, Alan and Karthik it's goodbye and see you tomorrow for what should be a gripping day.
70.1;W;Lyon to Anderson, OUT and that is that...Anderson goes for a slog sweep and gets cleaned up by Lyon who finishes with four wickets;James Anderson b Lyon 1 (5m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
69.6;?;Johnson to Wood, no run full outside off, a slightly ungainly drive to the off side;
69.5;?;Johnson to Wood, no run fantastic yorker! Wood does well to keep that out. Ends up down on his knees. Then has a smile. Wonderful stuff.;
69.4;1;Johnson to Anderson, 1 run comes round the wicket, Anderson jumps inside the line and flicks it fine of leg gully to get off the mark;
69.3;?;Johnson to Anderson, no run full and straight, blocked solidly towards mid-off;
69.2;?;Johnson to Anderson, no run back of a length outside off, Anderson prods at it without any footwork and is beaten;
69.1;W;Johnson to Ali, OUT that's an edge...Moeen flashing at a very wide delivery, and it's a thin nick to Haddin. They check the no-ball, and his foot is miles behind the line;Moeen Ali c ?Haddin b Johnson 15 (45m 41b 2x4 0x6) SR: 36.58;
68.6;1;Lyon to Ali, 1 run fuller, outside off, eased through the covers to sweeper so he keeps the strike...not that Wood needs protecting;
68.5;?;Lyon to Ali, no run down the track again, then blocks as he's not to the pitch;
68.4;?;Lyon to Ali, no run big appeal for lbw, a rather lazy flick from Moeen, given not out. Clarke reviews. It's taken a healthy inside edge;
68.3;?;Lyon to Ali, no run lovely delivery, but Moeen will like that too...spin and bounce outside off to beat the edge;
68.2;?;Lyon to Ali, no run down the pitch and then defends into the off side;
68.1;?;Lyon to Ali, no run left alone outside off;
67.6;1;Johnson to Ali, 1 run full at the stumps, turned through midwicket;
67.5;?;Johnson to Ali, no run back of a length outside off, 89mph, pushed firmly back to Johnson;
67.4;?;Johnson to Ali, no run full at the stumps, flicked to mid-on;
67.3;3;Johnson to Wood, 3 runs and now he flips this in the air through midwicket, short again from Johnson, Wood showing immense confidence and no little skill;
67.2;4;Johnson to Wood, FOUR runs banged in short down the leg side, Wood pulls and it comes off the glove and it reaches the fine-leg boundary;
67.1;1lb;Johnson to Ali, 1 leg bye short on leg stump, Moeen swivels on a pull but doesn't make contact and it takes the thigh pad to long leg;
66.6;4;Lyon to Wood, FOUR runs and now Wood reverse sweeps! On middle and leg, Wood expertly rolls his wrists and sends it racing through backward point...what a way for England to bring up the 400 lead;
66.5;6;Lyon to Wood, SIX runs that's huge! What Broad couldn't do, Wood has achieved in some style...takes a two steps down the pitch and lofts it straight down the ground, over the stands. Into the river? Nope, they have it back.;
66.4;1;Lyon to Ali, 1 run touch shorter, pushed off the back foot to deep cover;
66.3;?;Lyon to Ali, no run pushed to the off side;
66.2;?;Lyon to Ali, no run comes down the pitch, Lyon adjusted the length, Moeen wasn't to the pitch so defended and got an inside edge into the pads;
66.1;1;Lyon to Wood, 1 run works a straight delivery behind square on the leg side;
65.6;?;Johnson to Ali, no run on a length outside off, driven on the up, nicely timed but cover dives to his right;
65.5;?;Johnson to Ali, no run straighter delivery, hint of shape into Moeen from around off stump, worked to mid-on;
65.4;?;Johnson to Ali, no run full outside off, a slower delivery, defended square to point;
65.3;?;Johnson to Ali, no run he's more in control of this shot, holds his shape and punches off the back foot to cover;
65.2;?;Johnson to Ali, no run very similar area, another flashing drive and this time the ball climbs over the top edge;
65.1;?;Johnson to Ali, no run back of a length outside off, driving away from the bottom and was there a bottom edge? Didn't carry to Haddin;
64.6;4;Lyon to Wood, 4 runs now Wood is onto the front foot to the spinner, drives handsomely through the covers...Watson reaches the ball and flicks it back, but they've managed to run four. Poor Watto.;
64.5;1;Lyon to Ali, 1 run down the pitch, gets to the ball on the full and drives it down to long off;
64.4;?;Lyon to Ali, no run flicks this from off stump into midwicket;
64.3;?;Lyon to Ali, no run gently defended back to the bowler;
64.2;?;Lyon to Ali, no run uses his feet, the length is dragged back, he kicks it into the off side;
64.1;?;Lyon to Ali, no run full on middle, pushed down the pitch with a straight bat;

Mitchell replaces Mitchell. Johnson is back.
 Innings Start
Superb all-round victory for England who win by 169 runs. Moeen and Root share five wickets in the second innings and Moeen takes five in the match, coupled with his runs, but no doubt who will be Man of the Match. What a game for Root. He leads the team off to a standing ovation.


15 out of the last 17 Ashes series (going back to 1982) have been won by the team taking a 1-0 lead - only exceptions were in 2005 and 1997. ? Bishen Jeswant (@bishen_jeswant) July 11, 2015


Mark Wood the first to speak: "It's fantastic, to be 1-0 up is fantastic. The crowd have been immense. We bowled to our strengths. The atmosphere was amazing. They were singing 'if you're 1-0 up stand up' and I had to try and keep my professional face on."
I'll stay with you to bring the presentations shortly. Will be interesting to hear from Michael Clarke.
Justin: "Congratulations England. Australia, Watson has to go, pull yourselves together this is test match cricket and this series is alive, the worst thing for England is to over celebrate one victory and for Australia to be too negative about one loss, the important thing is learning from it."
England players sat on the balcony, already with a drink in hand (and don't think it's the isotonic type). I'm sure they'll have a few with the Aussies, too, later.
Don: "Guess Haddin finally learned what all the hype around England was. Well done to England though, many people, including myself, didn't give them a chance. "
sir don: "We are the champs. Will comrback strongly. Will trounce strongly. Will catapult strongly. #Aussies."
Michael Clarke "Cut a long story short, we were outplayed in all three facets of the game. England were exceptional. We have work to do. England deserve a lot of credit. We looked to play positive, but whatever we tried didn't work. When you get in, you have to cash in. I'm extremely excited that we have to play better at Lord's. We just haven't played our best cricket. [On Starc] He was able to bowl and get through, so that's a positive, hopefully he will be available for Lord's."
Alastair Cook "Brilliant performance, the crowd have been fantastic. English cricket this summer, we appreciate the support. This Test couldn't have gone any better, we'll enjoy the bat. Thought Joe Root was brilliant and the bowlers superb on a slow wicket. Everyone was talking about the past, but this is a different side. You can't change the past but you can learnt from it. We'll come back and try to put in back-to-back performances at Lord's. We worked really hard on our catching in Spain, quite a few soar hands coming back from that."
Man of the Match, no surprise, is Joe Root "Really thrilled to be part of this win, as a team we were exceptional. First up in an Ashes you want to put a marker down, hopefully we can back it up at Lord's. I managed to just get through early in my innings, but you just have to ride the wave. Thankfully it was my day. When they attack, I fell it's the best time to attack as well. I've always had someone at the other end to build partnerships, thought Gary and Ben were exceptional."
That just about wraps things up for our live coverage of this match. We'll be back on Thursday to bring you all the action from the second Test at Lord's. Can Australia bounce back or is the force with England? We'll soon find out. We'll have plenty of analysis and reaction through the evening, starting with the match report. For now, though, from Gnasher, Alan and Karthik it's goodbye and thanks for all your comments during the game.
70.3;W;Ali to Hazlewood, OUT in the air...and it's all over! And who else would take the catch but Joe Root! Tossed up by Moeen, Hazlewood tries to go down the ground, gets underneath the ball and Root settles under it at long-off;Josh Hazlewood c Root b Ali 14 (17m 17b 2x4 0x6) SR: 82.35;
70.2;?;Ali to Hazlewood, no run a little fuller, on middle, defended;
70.1;?;Ali to Hazlewood, no run round the wicket, defended on the back foot;
69.6;?;Root to Lyon, no run a little wider outside off, onto the front foot and pats to silly point;
69.5;?;Root to Lyon, no run prods forward and blocks;
69.4;?;Root to Lyon, no run appeal for lbw, Lyon going for the sweep, got outside the line of off stump;
69.3;?;Root to Lyon, no run gets forward and works this to short leg;
69.2;?;Root to Lyon, no run over the wicket, full at the stumps, defended to the leg side;
69.1;W;Root to Johnson, OUT edged to slip! Root and Lyth again. Johnson on the charge, this time it's more of a wild heave than a controlled shot and he gets an inside edge which is a much simpler catch this time for Lyth;Mitchell Johnson c Lyth b Root 77 (124m 94b 9x4 2x6) SR: 81.91;
68.6;?;Ali to Hazlewood, no run tries to drive again, this out squirts off a thick inside edge to the leg side;
68.5;4;Ali to Hazlewood, FOUR runs over the in-field again, effortlessly dispatched down to long-off, one bounce...lovely strike;
68.4;?;Ali to Hazlewood, no run inside edge, but just wide of short leg...pushing forward, but the ball actually went quite straight of the fielder;
68.3;?;Ali to Hazlewood, no run same again, into the off side;
68.2;?;Ali to Hazlewood, no run forward on off stump, blocks carefully;
68.1;1;Ali to Johnson, 1 run goes back to a short ball, pulls strongly to deep midwicket;
67.6;2;Root to Hazlewood, 2 runs and now he goes in the air over the off side, a confident shot by Hazlewood but it's out of the rough so England won't mind that;
67.5;?;Root to Hazlewood, no run big spin! Lovely delivery, pitches outside off and spits past the outside edge, turns straight to slip;
67.4;1;Root to Johnson, 1 run down he drives straight down the ground, beats Root's dive, finds long-off;
67.3;?;Root to Johnson, no run down the pitch, not to the pitch so pads it away;
67.2;?;Root to Johnson, no run full from round the wicket, pushed to the on side;
67.1;2;Root to Johnson, 2 runs driven inside out through the covers, wide of long-off and they get back for a second despite Stokes' strong arm;
66.6;?;Ali to Hazlewood, no run left alone outside;
66.5;2;Ali to Hazlewood, 2 runs full this time, neatly pushed through the covers for another brace;
66.4;?;Ali to Hazlewood, no run full outside off, driven back to Moeen;
66.3;4;Ali to Hazlewood, FOUR runs angled into the pads and that's a lovely piece of timing as he flicks through midwicket...the batting keeps coming;
66.2;2;Ali to Hazlewood, 2 runs thick inside edge, flies in the air but backward of where the short leg is stationed, through leg gully;
66.1;1;Ali to Johnson, 1 run uses his feet and flicks neatly out to deep midwicket;

daniel: " correction Johnson blitzkrieg 150, Hazlewood & Lyon 50's"
 Innings Start