Data
8.30 pm Australia's openers set up the launchpad with a fifty partnership. But then Krunal Pandya, who was hit for 12 in his first over, rallied well to finish with four wickets, the best figures by a spinner in a T20I in Australia. At that point, with the spinners going well, it seemed like Australia would struggle to put up a score, and they were also hiding Chris Lynn down the order, perhaps to prevent him from facing Kuldeep and Krunal. It was all very frenetic once the innings hit the halfway mark and it was frenetic in the end as well with Alex Carey and Marcus Stoinis managing to get 57 runs in the last five overs. Decent score, but by no means a daunting one. Alex will be with you for the chase.
Meanwhile, in the Pro Kabaddi League, pre-tournament favourites Bengal Warriors are in danger of missing out on the playoffs because of their shaky defence. Read more here
Muhammed Riyas: "457. Time and time again teams are missing the trick in T20s. Lynn should have batted at the top at any cost considering his ability to hit the balls out of the park. Biggest players should not be saved to the end in shortest format, instead teams have to make the most of them by exposing them at top. I have seen similar approach from Mumbai Indians by saving Pollard for the slog overs, and fails almost 7 out of 10 times."
Dhiju : "No 6s in Austrilian Innings, still managed to put in a decent total."
19.6;4;Bumrah to Stoinis, FOUR runs goes for the pull, gets an inside edge, and slips away to the left of the diving fine leg fielder. Hm, 164 then, that's a pretty decent total all considered.;
19.6;1w;Bumrah to Stoinis, 1 wide loses his shape as he goes for a slog and the dipping slower ball outside off wanders away to the keeper;
19.5;2;Bumrah to Stoinis, 2 runs heaves the short ball out to long-on! They want a second run. It's risky. Coulter-Nile dives. Has he made it? The third umpire needs to check this Yes! He has. And it's all because of a sensational dive! Full-length. Perfectly timed. And he gets to his crease in the time it takes for Bumrah to collect the ball and break the stumps;
19.4;2;Bumrah to Stoinis, 2 runs back of a length slower ball targeting the wide line, Stoinis thumps it down the ground to long-off;
19.3;1;Bumrah to Coulter-Nile, 1 run slower ball outside off, Coulter-Nile prepares to flat bat it over the bowler's head but the lack of pace makes him drag it to long-on;
19.2;1;Bumrah to Stoinis, 1 run sends it to long-on;
19.1;4;Bumrah to Stoinis, FOUR runs bouncer! Hoicks it away over midwicket! And then looks at the bottom of the bat! Honestly, if it travels the distance on an Aussie ground, that bat must be magic;
18.6;4;Bhuvneshwar to Coulter-Nile, FOUR runs carves the length ball to the left of long-off. Bhuvi misses his mark and Coulter-Nile clears his front leg and sends it racing away across the SCG turf, singeing the grass;
18.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Coulter-Nile, no run pin-point yorker on off stump and Coulter-Nile is only just able to dig it out;
18.4;4;Bhuvneshwar to Coulter-Nile, FOUR runs legcutter flies away off the outside edge. Tiny bit of room for Coulter-Nile to free the arms and he latches onto it well enough to get four over point;
18.3;1;Bhuvneshwar to Stoinis, 1 run good length and outside off - but there's no pace in it. Stoinis blocks to point for a single;
18.2;1;Bhuvneshwar to Coulter-Nile, 1 run looks for the blockhole again, Coulter-Nile hits it down the ground to long-on;
18.1;2;Bhuvneshwar to Coulter-Nile, 2 runs yorker on middle and leg, Coulter-Nile works it to deep midwicket;
17.6;4;Bumrah to Stoinis, FOUR runs slices the full toss on and around off stump to the point boundary;
17.5;1;Bumrah to Coulter-Nile, 1 run nails the yorker on middle and Coulter-Nile is awake to it's considerable threat. Single towards mid-on;
17.4;1;Bumrah to Stoinis, 1 run short and outside off, he slaps it to deep point;
17.3;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run another slower ball, the offcutter kicking up off the pitch and unsettling Stoinis, who nicks the ball almost onto his stumps;
17.2;W;Bumrah to Stoinis, OUT mix-up, direct hit, Lynn's gone. Oooh, this is silly, silly stuff. Stoinis starts it all by dabbing the ball gently towards point and wants a single. Lynn isn't keen on it at first but then just as he commits to it, Stoinis is haring back into his crease, leaving him no choice but to race back to the bowler's end. But Bumrah is on the balll, he takes aim and he throws down the stumps. Super stuff;Chris Lynn run out (Bumrah) 13 (10b 1x4 0x6) SR: 130;
17.1;2;Bumrah to Stoinis, 2 runs back of a length and outside off, Stoinis punches to the sweeper;
16.6;1;Bhuvneshwar to Stoinis, 1 run holds his shape, even though it seems like he only just picks the slower ball, and taps it to the right of Bhuvi for a single;
16.5;1;Bhuvneshwar to Lynn, 1 run targets the base of off stump, Lynn skews it away for a single at long-off;
16.4;4;Bhuvneshwar to Lynn, FOUR runs lashes it to the point boundary. Decent plan to bowl slow at a hard-hitter of the ball. So too is the length - short on these big Aussie grounds can be useful - but there is too much room on it and Lynn takes full toll;
16.3;1;Bhuvneshwar to Stoinis, 1 run back of a length on off stump, Stoinis gets an outside edge to point;
16.2;1;Bhuvneshwar to Lynn, 1 run looks like a legcutter, which Lynn smashes it deep point. Stands tall and flat bats it with venom;
16.1;1;Bhuvneshwar to Stoinis, 1 run takes the pace off and pitches it short as well. Stoinis can't adjust to the lack of pace. And he doesn't have any room to free the arms. Tries to flick, but it lobs off his body towards where silly point would have been;
15.6;1;Krunal to Stoinis, 1 run nudges it through vacant square leg;
15.5;W;Krunal to Carey, OUT finds deep midwicket! It's the tossed up delivery. It's on middle. It's there for the sweep shot and Carey's been timing them like nobody's business. Except here, as well as he hits it, he can only find Kohli on the boundary;Alex Carey c Kohli b Pandya 27 (19b 4x4 0x6) SR: 142.1;
15.4;4;Krunal to Carey, FOUR runs knows the bowler will go short and wicket to wicket, so he is ready with a reverse swat, taking the ball off middle stump and smuggling it to the third man boundary;
15.3;4;Krunal to Carey, FOUR runs beautiful shot, over cover! The left-armer coming round the wicket drifts the ball across the left-hander. And he just plants his foot forward and extends the arms. Breathtaking clarity.;
15.2;1;Krunal to Lynn, 1 run pushes the flatter delivery on leg stump to long-on;
15.2;1w;Krunal to Lynn, 1 wide slips down leg as Lynn misses his sweep shot, the bat coming down a little too late to catch up with the ball;
15.1;2;Krunal to Lynn, 2 runs full and outside off, Lynn drives to the left of long-off and pinches a second run;
14.6;1;Khaleel Ahmed to Lynn, 1 run gets into the pull shot a little too early and only gets a toe-end on this short ball outside off. Good over from the left-arm quick. Excellent plan to change the pace and pull his length back against the big-hitting Lynn. Denies him that big, baseball swing;
14.6;1w;Khaleel Ahmed to Lynn, 1 wide offcutter again, but in trying to play hide and seek with Lynn, he slants this ball way too wide outside off;
14.5;?;Khaleel Ahmed to Lynn, no run looks like the slower ball, banged into the middle of the pitch. The 118 kph delivery is pushed to extra cover;
14.4;1;Khaleel Ahmed to Carey, 1 run hacks away a back of a length delivery from outside off to deep midwicket;
14.3;4;Khaleel Ahmed to Carey, FOUR runs low full toss outside off, steers it to the boundary at cover. Simple timing again. Has a solid base. Keeps his eye on the ball. Plays as it's said in the text book;
14.2;?;Khaleel Ahmed to Carey, no run full on off stump, Carey dinks it down the pitch and Khaleel doesn't let it go past him on his left;
14.1;1;Khaleel Ahmed to Lynn, 1 run goes round the wicket for a length ball outside off, Lynn slides it away to deep point;
14.1;1w;Khaleel Ahmed to Lynn, 1 wide back of a length and strays too far outside off for the umpire's liking;
13.6;1;Krunal to Lynn, 1 run good length on off stump, taps to point, and runs;
13.5;1;Krunal to Carey, 1 run works it down to long-on, dragging it from outside off;
13.4;4;Krunal to Carey, FOUR runs over cover! Insane timing. Carey does nothing more than extend his hands, and a straight bat. And the full toss outside off just disappears to the boundary;
13.3;1;Krunal to Lynn, 1 run whips the flatter delivery on middle through midwicket;
13.2;1;Krunal to Carey, 1 run sweeps the fuller delivery outside off to deep midwicket;
13.1;W;Krunal to Maxwell, OUT taken at long-on! Maxwell clears his front leg and tries to launch the ball into orbit. And really, this ball is there to be hit, pitched short of a length and not even pretending as if it'd turn. The batsman makes room, hits as hard as he can, but he can't clear the straight field. Simple catch to Rohit, who makes up for the earlier drop;Glenn Maxwell c Sharma b Pandya 13 (16b 2x4 0x6) SR: 81.25;
12.6;1;Kuldeep to Maxwell, 1 run doesn't pick the googly this time as a good length ball on middle and leg spins away and takes the leading edge as he tries to flick it;
12.5;?;Kuldeep to Maxwell, no run tries to make room to crash the ball through the covers, but Kuldeep follows him, and bowls so very slow too, refusing an antsy batsman any pace to work with;
12.4;1;Kuldeep to Carey, 1 run reaches out in front of him to sweep a well tossed up delivery to deep square leg. Lovely variations in flight from Kuldeep;
12.3;?;Kuldeep to Carey, no run quicker delivery, hoping to catch the batsman cutting just because the length is short. But Carey is alive to the threat it poses to the stumps and deflects the ball to point;
12.2;2;Kuldeep to Carey, 2 runs that's beautiful work from Carey. Waits for the tossed up slower ball to arrive and then hits it smoothly over the field at cover.;
12.1;1;Kuldeep to Maxwell, 1 run seam-up delivery, I think, on a good length on off stump. And Maxwell knocks it back to long-on;
11.6;1;Khaleel Ahmed to Maxwell, 1 run shortish and outside off, dabs it in front of point;
11.5;?;Khaleel Ahmed to Maxwell, no run goes for the pull, but here, Khaleel is able to sneak under the bat and through to the keeper;
11.4;4;Khaleel Ahmed to Maxwell, FOUR runs top-edge! It can happen, with the left-armer's bouncer going across the right-hander, and him going hard at a ball rising above his shoulder. Not easy to get on top of it to muscle it through leg. But you do have every chance of pinging a boundary right behind you;
11.3;1;Khaleel Ahmed to Carey, 1 run helps the back of a length delivery on off stump away to deep square leg. Short-arm pull done right;
11.2;?;Khaleel Ahmed to Carey, no run looks for the clip through midwicket again, but he's underestimating Khaleel's bounce. In the end, the ball lobs off his thigh and into Khaleel's followthrough;
11.1;?;Khaleel Ahmed to Carey, no run goes short, the ball rising up to his chest. Carey gets up on tiptoe and nudges it to short midwicket;
10.6;1;Kuldeep to Carey, 1 run loads up a big old sweep, dragging a tossed up ball from way outside off away to deep square leg;
10.5;1;Kuldeep to Maxwell, 1 run hits to long off. Probably picks the googly;
10.4;?;Kuldeep to Maxwell, no run good length, spinning into him, Maxwell tries to pull, but it doesn't rise as much as he wants;
10.3;?;Kuldeep to Maxwell, no run seems like a top spinner, going through flat on off stump and not spinning a great deal. Maxwell goes back, perhaps wondering if he can cut it, but then has to block down the pitch;
10.2;?;Kuldeep to Maxwell, no run loops it up onto off stump, Maxwell drives to extra cover;
10.1;1;Kuldeep to Carey, 1 run a tad short, making him reach outside the off stump. Carey chops it in front of point;
9.6;?;Krunal to Maxwell, no run beaten this spins sharply past the edge as he drives;
9.5;1;Krunal to Carey, 1 run shorter length, he's back and punching to long off;
9.4;1;Krunal to Maxwell, 1 run tossed up outside off, he pushes off the front foot to cover;
9.3;1;Krunal to Carey, 1 run around the wicket, pitching on middle, he turns this with the spin to square leg;
9.2;W;Krunal to McDermott, OUT LBW! Given out sweeping! He's on a hat-trick! First ball sweep shot, this was tossed up outside off from around the wicket, pitches outside, he tries to sweep, it slides on and hits the back leg, and Gerard Abood says it hit in line with off!;Ben McDermott lbw b Pandya 0 (1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
9.1;W;Krunal to Short, OUT LBW! Again a long discussion and Short reviews! He tried to sweep, Krunal from around the wicket, it pitched in line, no bat involved. Ball tracking says it was in line, hit in line and was hitting! They lose the review this time. That was plumb.;D'Arcy Short lbw b Pandya 33 (29b 5x4 0x6) SR: 113.79;
8.6;?;Kuldeep to Maxwell, no run given out LBW! Maxwell reviews after a long discussion with Short. It pitches on middle, he tries to whip to leg, it beats the inside edge. Definitely no bat. Ball tracking says it pitched in line, and spinning down leg! Missing leg. Maxwell survives. Great review.;
8.5;4;Kuldeep to Maxwell, FOUR runs wrong un, he drives and times this so well past cover! What a shot. It beats the man at deep long off;
8.4;?;Kuldeep to Maxwell, no run shorter on middle and leg, he tries to give room but bunts it back to the bowler;
8.4;1w;Kuldeep to Maxwell, 1 wide pitching outside leg, spinning way down leg for a wide;
8.3;W;Kuldeep to Finch, OUT top edged sweep caught at short fine! Krunal hangs on to this simple chance! This was a leg break on leg stump, he tries to sweep, a bit of extra bounce catches the top edge, it balloons to short fine and straight to Krunal, no chance he could drop that;Aaron Finch c Pandya b Kuldeep Yadav 28 (23b 4x4 0x6) SR: 121.73;
8.2;1b;Kuldeep to Short, 1 bye top spinner, he tried to cut close to off, misses and Pant doesn't glove it again, it rolls away;
8.2;2w;Kuldeep to Finch, 2 wide this is spinning down leg, Pant can't glove it and they run another extra;
8.1;1;Kuldeep to Short, 1 run tossed up outside off, he square drives hard to deep cover-point;
7.6;4;Krunal to Finch, FOUR runs backs away, it's darted into leg, but short enough, he cuts past point and it beats the man at deep cover running around!;
7.5;1;Krunal to Short, 1 run shorter length, he pulls hard to deep midwicket;
7.4;4;Krunal to Short, FOUR runs shorter and pushed through outside off, cut hard to backward point and Bumrah misfields and it runs away for four! He should've stopped that. It just spun away from his hands;
7.3;1;Krunal to Finch, 1 run shorter on middle and leg, 96kph, he's back and tucking this through square leg;
7.2;1;Krunal to Short, 1 run shorter on middle, he's back and tucking this through midwicket;
7.1;1;Krunal to Finch, 1 run dropped at long on! Toss up outside off, he launches this high and gets under it, it goes miles up, Rohit camps under it and drops it. He dropped with his hands below his waist;
6.6;?;Kuldeep to Short, no run shorter, spinner way wide of off, he reaches to cut but misses, not called a wide, it was tight;
6.5;2;Kuldeep to Short, 2 runs wrong un, short outside off, he's back and crunching a cut shot, and Rahul misfields on the circle, they get two to the man in the deep;
6.4;?;Kuldeep to Short, no run slower, good length, he's down and pushing back to the bowler;
6.3;?;Kuldeep to Short, no run tossed up, 79kph, outside off, mistimes a drive to cover;
6.2;1;Kuldeep to Finch, 1 run floated up, leg break, he skips down to the pinch and whips with the turn to deep midwicket;
6.1;?;Kuldeep to Finch, no run tries to sweep hit on the pad, huge appeal, not out. It was outside the line, not much turn;
5.6;4;Bumrah to Short, FOUR runs full toss and square driven past point! A rare mistake from Bumrah. This was a wide full toss and Short just had to place it past point and it flies to the fence;
5.5;?;Bumrah to Short, no run good length outside off, he drives on the up straight to cover;
5.4;1;Bumrah to Finch, 1 run 144kph, he defends a good length and pushes this to cover-point and they pinch a tight one, there is a shy from Krunal at the non-strikers but he was home;
5.3;1;Bumrah to Short, 1 run 123kph, on the hip, he plays the pull with the one knee up, picks out the man at short fine but he misfields and allows a single;
5.2;1;Bumrah to Finch, 1 run angled down leg and he tucks this with the angle down to fine leg;
5.1;1;Bumrah to Short, 1 run 116kph, slower ball, bunted towards mid on;
4.6;4;Khaleel Ahmed to Finch, FOUR runs driven magnificently wide of mid off! 117kph slower ball floated up outside off, he picked it, held his shape, and eased his hands through it, it was hit in the air but right in the gap between cover and mid off and flew to the rope;
4.5;1;Khaleel Ahmed to Short, 1 run 134kph, short ball, chest high and he smashes a pull shot straight to the fielder on the rop at deep square;
4.4;1;Khaleel Ahmed to Finch, 1 run good length outside off, tried to loft over the off side, gets a thick inside edge onto pad, and it rolls into the off side for one;
4.3;2;Khaleel Ahmed to Finch, 2 runs 114kph slower ball, length, he swipes this cross bat high over midwicket, mis timed but it falls well safe and deep midwicket comes around;
4.2;4;Khaleel Ahmed to Finch, FOUR runs 135kph, short ball, and he pounces and hammers a pull shot through square leg! He got up with the bounce and rolled the wrists. Cracking shot;
4.1;1lb;Khaleel Ahmed to Short, 1 leg bye 133kph, short into the thigh, he tried to whip, it runs off thigh just away into the leg side and they take an extra;
3.6;1;Bumrah to Short, 1 run 139kph, very full, driven off the bottom of the bat and it rolls slowly to mid off and they run well;
3.5;1;Bumrah to Finch, 1 run 139kph, good length angling into off, he works with the angle square of midwicket;
3.4;?;Bumrah to Finch, no run 141kph, good length outside off, he drives on the up to cover;
3.3;1;Bumrah to Short, 1 run slower ball, good length on off, he defends towards point and they pinch one on Rahul;
3.2;?;Bumrah to Short, no run beaten trying to cut again. This was not as short and closer to off;
3.1;4;Bumrah to Short, FOUR runs short outside off, just enough width and he cuts beautifully past point! This wasn't that wide but he created the room and placed it perfectly;
2.6;1;Bhuvneshwar to Short, 1 run short into the hip, he pulls nicely but straight to the man in the deep on the rope on the bounce;
2.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Short, no run 133kph, good length across him outside off, gets a thick edge that flies along the ground to short third man;
2.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Short, no run 120kph, shorter length on off, he punches off the back foot to cover and Kohli makes a rolling save;
2.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Short, no run shorter length, of off stump, he stands up and defends back to the bowler;
2.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Short, no run half-volley outside off, driven with a check drive straight to cover;
2.1;4;Bhuvneshwar to Short, FOUR runs smashed down the ground straight over the umpire's head! This was 129kph in the slot and he pounded this flat and hard back at the sightscreen;
1.6;?;Khaleel Ahmed to Finch, no run short ball outside off, Finch tries to pull hard but is through the shot and gets a bottom edge that bounces to Pant;
1.5;?;Khaleel Ahmed to Finch, no run 129kph, driven nicely on the up straight to cover, Finch walked down the track, Kohli fired at the striker's end and hit, there's a review for run out. Finch got his bat back easily;
1.4;?;Khaleel Ahmed to Finch, no run good length, fourth stump line, punched to cover;
1.4;1w;Khaleel Ahmed to Finch, 1 wide swinging way down leg, Finch is frustrated his head falls over but it's a wide and he gets another ball;
1.3;2;Khaleel Ahmed to Finch, 2 runs 127kph, good length outside off, he punches wide of mid off on the up, nicely timed, didn't overhit it, gets a couple;
1.3;1w;Khaleel Ahmed to Finch, 1 wide swinging a touch down the leg side, he misses the glance, definitely a wide;
1.2;4;Khaleel Ahmed to Finch, FOUR runs 129kph, cracking pull shot! Fractionally too short and Finch pounces, he thumped this so hard through midwicket. It thumped into the rope;
1.1;?;Khaleel Ahmed to Finch, no run 125kph, beaten, good length nipping across, he prods forward and it goes past the edge, but it bounced short of Pant;
0.6;1lb;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, 1 leg bye good length, nipping back, hits him on the pad, big appeal, not out, outside the line, it runs to a vacant gully and they run a leg bye;
0.5;1;Bhuvneshwar to Short, 1 run good length, middle and leg, tucked through square leg to the sweeper;
0.4;4;Bhuvneshwar to Short, FOUR runs crunched on the up through extra cover! Good length angling across but well wide and he throws the hands through this and picks the gap at extra cover. it races away;
0.3;1;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, 1 run good length outside off, mistimed drive runs slowly to mid off and they run an easy one as mid off is deep on the circle;
0.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run sharp inswinger, good length, hits the pad, big appeal from Pant, but not much interest elsewhere, not out, going way down;
0.1;1;Bhuvneshwar to Short, 1 run good length on middle, no swing, turns this nicely through forward square, the man in the deep runs around, they think about two but it's not on;

6.48pm Huge roar as the players some out onto the ground. India led by Virat Kohli, Aaron Finch and D'Arcy Short follow them out. Bhuvneshwar Kumar will bowl the first over again. Short will again face the first ball. One slip in for Short.
6.40pm Firoz Dhanani: "I would like a pitch report please?" We haven't seen a look at the pitch yet. There's only been one Shield game on the SCG this year. It was a rain-affected draw. Nathan Lyon took four wickets on the final day for NSW but two youngsters Jason Sangha and Jack Edwards made centuries.
Haadi: "@Riyas I disagree completely. With Starc you know you have a death bowler that is very miserly towards the end and when the chase gets tight he is the Ace in the pocket. Good move to bat first"
Anuj Arora: "Somehow today I would like to see more mature side of Pant. He has the capability and this time whole India want to see him coming up. I would not compare him with any other keeper as everyone is different and would have something unique in them. Go Pant, lets rock tonight. "
Meanwhile, in the Pro Kabaddi League, pre-tournament favourites Bengal Warriors are in danger of missing out on the playoffs because of their shaky defence.
6.30pm Just some more news on David Warner. He played a T20 for his Sydney grade side Randwick Petersham this morning and made 81 not out from 49 balls as they chased down 148 in 14.4 overs one down. Then he batted in the SCG nets this afternoon against Hazlewood and Cummins. And Justin Langer invited Warner into the Australian rooms tonight.
Kasyap : "Was just passing through the Sydney CBD and there is a sea of blue jerseys waiting to hop on to the shuttles to the ground. Its almost like any other Indian ground tonight, the atmosphere is terrific!! Go India!!! "
Vidhyasagar: "Good decision to bat first.. Australia's strength is their power hitters lynn finch maxwell stoinis.. put them on the board and u'll be hard to beat.. they need to target khaleel and krunall"
kranthi: "Harsh on Chahal. But then .. That's how the game is I guess. If India had another all-rounder, they would have played Chahal in place of Krunal."
6.20pm Toss Aaron Finch has won the toss and Australia will bat first. Finch says the wicket is good so they want to put runs on the board. One change for Australia with Starc replacing Behrendorff. India captain Virat Kohli says he was happy to bowl first. India are unchanged again.
Teams: Australia 1 Aaron Finch (capt), 2 D'arcy Short, 3 Chris Lynn, 4 Glenn Maxwell, 5 Marcus Stoinis, 6 Ben McDermott, 7 Alex Carey (wk), 8 Nathan Coulter-Nile, 9 Mitchell Starc, 10 Andrew Tye, 11 Adam Zampa
India 1 Rohit Sharma, 2 Shikhar Dhawan, 3 KL Rahul, 4 Virat Kohli (capt.), 5 Rishabh Pant (wk), 6 Dinesh Karthik, 7 Krunal Pandya, 8 Kuldeep Yadav, 9 Bhuvneshwar Kumar, 10 Jasprit Bumrah, 11 Khaleel Ahmed
Muhammed Riyas: "Finch missed the trick already by choosing to bat first. With Starc back in the mix, should have bowled to restrict India, remember how good Kohli & Co. are at chasing."
6.15pm The players are out on the ground warming up in glorious sun shine. That is great to see.
Shahbaz: ""Good news there will be no rain in today's game, as I live in Sydney and the weather is absolutely perfect for cricket""
News from the ground is that Mitchell Starc is likely to play in place of Jason Behrendorff. The teams will be confirmed shortly at the toss.
News from Gnash, "Mitchell Starc is marking out his run-up, so all signs are that he will play. Here's the scorecard from his last T20I on home soil - back in 2014."
Mitch Starc told the broadcaster that he was supposed to bowl 8 overs in the nets today with Cummins and Hazlewood but now he will bowl 4 overs in the T20I.
5.55pm Good evening and welcome to the SCG for this third and final T20 International between Australia and India. Australia have a chance to win their first series since the ball tampering saga. They have lost two Test series, two ODI series and three T20 series in that time. Meanwhile, India would love to level 1-1 and take some momentum into the Test series starting on December 6 in Adelaide. Alex Malcolm and Alagappan Muthu will be in commentary with you tonight.
Andrew McGlashan is at the SCG and is reporting sunshine which is great news: "Afternoon from the SCG. A cracking day, which is excellent news given the rain that has followed the T20Is around so far. This match has been a sellout for two months so should be a terrific atmosphere. Virat Kohli walks out for throwdowns and the crowd goes wild." There should be no rain issues tonight.
Here is Gnash's preview. It will be interesting to see if Mitch Starc plays after being called into the squad for the injured Billy Stanlake.
Prashant: "Would it be fair for Aussie to change the winning combination and introduce Starc straight into playing 11" If he does come in it would likely be in place of Jason Behrendorff as a like for like.
Banned Australian batsman David Warner was also in the SCG nets earlier facing Pat Cummins and Josh Hazlewood with the red ball. Justin Langer was keeping a keen eye on that trio as they trained together. Cummins and Hazlewood will only bowl in the nets in the lead up to the first Test after being rested from the Shield game between NSW and WA starting in Perth on Tuesday.
Jayendra: "Absolutely wrong to allow a banned player to play with the current national team. If Warner and Smith are to play the tests, it needs to announced officially before allowing them to join the squads." Warner won't play in the Tests. He is still banned until April 2019. But he is allowed to train with Australia players.
 Innings Start
That concludes this T20 series. India clearly the better side tonight and probably unlucky with the weather in Melbourne not to win the series 2-1. Now we move on to the Test matches. India play a tour game against the Cricket Australia XI starting on Wednesday at the SCG. The Australian Test squad with the exception of Mitchell Starc, Pat Cummins and Josh Hazlewood will play in Shield matches starting on Monday and Tuesday. The first Test starts in Adelaide on December 6.
On behalf of Alagappan Muthu and all the team it's goodbye from the SCG.
10.30 pm Krunal Pandya is Man of the Match for his 4 for 36. "Obviously it feels really great to contribute in a winning side. I had to back myself after that first game. It feels good to overcome those type of hurdles."
"The best part of team India is they back all of the players whether you are doing well or poorly."
Shikhar Dhawan is Player of the Series. Two excellent innings in Brisbane and Sydney. He gets the crowd cheering. "I enjoy entertaining people and I enjoy playing entertaining cricket. Great to get such support from India supporters here. It's good that we could draw this series and ending on a winning note."
Aaron Finch: "I think they batted extremely well in the powerplay. We had a bit of a moment of madness when we lost a couple of wickets in our innings. I thought Zamps and Maxy bowled brilliantly." "I thought that the guys had a plan and unfortunately we didn't execute in the middle overs there. I think there's still a fair bit of work to do but there's positive signs. I'm feeling really good. Looking forward to getting up to Brisbane (for the Shield game)."
Virat Kohli: "Things become pretty easy when those two guys play like that at the top. I think DK showed great composure at the death along with me stringing a partnership to get us home. I think Maxy and Zampa bowled very well. I thought overall, skill wise we were better than Australia."
"I thought with the ball we were more professional today. I thought it was 180 type of wicket. Those 15 runs less were crucial. A level series is a great show of how the teams have played."
Bharath Seervi: Virat Kohli has remained not out 14 times when chasing in T20Is and India won the match every time.
Kaushik: "Kohli's innings reminded of his chase in the world T20 semis in Mohali. What a player! "
Maaren: "Not to forget Dk. He is slowly earning the name of a finisher.."
10.15 pm This chase was put to bed in the first five overs, with Rohit Sharma and Shikhar Dhawan running amok. Australia couldn't hit a single six today, but those two were smoking every other ball out of the ground. But Mitchell Starc, playing his first T20I in two years - his first at home in four - got that first wicket with his searing pace. That strike helped his team-mates settle down and take the game deep. In the end though, as disciplined as Adam Zampa was, and as cleverly as Andrew Tye played, they couldn't get Virat Kohli out. And in a chase, that usually means one thing. India win.
19.4;4;Tye to Kohli, FOUR runs swings it out to the vacant areas around midwicket and celebrates with arms aloft. India level the series;
19.3;4;Tye to Kohli, FOUR runs thumps it down the ground. It's a half-volley, in Kohli's swinging arc, and he hammers it away. He's pumped. He's punching the air. He's sensing the series going level;
19.2;?;Tye to Kohli, no run is that not a wide, asks Kohli, after he doesn't make contact with another short, slower ball outside off;
19.1;?;Tye to Kohli, no run beats him with a slower ball that Kohli swings across the line and misses completely;
18.6;2;Starc to Karthik, 2 runs walks across outside off and ends up too far away from the short ball outside leg. In the end, he just about gets to it with a pull through square leg;
18.5;1;Starc to Kohli, 1 run pulls the short ball from outside off to deep square leg;
18.4;1;Starc to Karthik, 1 run whip of the wrists sending the fuller delivery looking for the middle stump away through square leg;
18.3;4;Starc to Karthik, FOUR runs spears it to the point boundary! It's not quite the yorker Starc is looking for outside off. But it is exactly what DK is ready for. Stays balanced at the crease. And more importantly, low, as well and opens the face of the bat. Lovely stuff;
18.2;1lb;Starc to Kohli, 1 leg bye 141 kph, tries to whip a back of a length ball angled into his thighs, but he's into the shot a tiny bit early and the ball lobs off his thigh;
18.1;2;Starc to Kohli, 2 runs hustles it away towards the deep midwicket boundary as Starc bowls a full one on off stump from round the wicket;
17.6;?;Tye to Karthik, no run appeal for a catch off the boot. But the umpire Abood says no. Decent ball though, tailing in late, cramping Kathik who was charging down the pitch again;
17.5;6;Tye to Karthik, SIX runs so much height on it! And it's on the second tier. Mistake from the bowler, going short, the ball sitting up to be pulled to oblivion;
17.4;1;Tye to Kohli, 1 run mis-hit behind square leg, but it brings up his fifty. The slower short ball has him playing a touch too early; reaching in front of him as he goes for the pull;
17.3;1;Tye to Karthik, 1 run comes down the pitch and drives the full delivery tailing into him to mid-off;
17.2;1;Tye to Kohli, 1 run gets up with the short ball outside off and swats it to deep point;
17.1;2;Tye to Kohli, 2 runs taps it into the vacant midwicket region, always looking for two, and getting it in the end;
16.6;2;Maxwell to Karthik, 2 runs goes for the reverse scoop, and though he only makes contact with the glove, it's enough to get a couple right over the keeper's head;
16.5;2;Maxwell to Karthik, 2 runs run-out chance at the non-strikers. Karthik nudges it to the right of Maxwell and thinks there's a straightforward single there. But Maxwell hares across, grabs it with his right hand, takes aim, but misses the target;
16.4;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run works it through midwicket, along the ground this time;
16.3;6;Maxwell to Kohli, SIX runs launches it over deep midwicket! Spectacular hit, coming down the track, and even though he isn't to the pitch of the ball, he holds his balance and that's where he gets all that power from;
16.2;1;Maxwell to Karthik, 1 run sweeps the loopy delivery on off stump away to backward square leg on the boundary;
16.1;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run full on middle, Kohli tucks it through midwicket;
15.6;?;Tye to Karthik, no run opens the face against a length ball on off stump, but he finds point;
15.5;1;Tye to Kohli, 1 run back of a length and outside off, Kohli taps it behind point;
15.4;?;Tye to Kohli, no run slower ball, and that lack of pace is useful in deceiving Kohli, as he plays the flick and misses;
15.3;6;Tye to Kohli, SIX runs times it perfectly - both the step down the pitch and the bat swing that comes down and goes straight through the line of the ball. Outstanding shot over long-off;
15.2;4;Tye to Kohli, FOUR runs lashes it over point. Excellent work from Kohli, getting on top of the ball, waiting on it so he can get the gap behind point;
15.1;?;Tye to Kohli, no run comes down the pitch, only to inside edge the back of a length ball that denies him the room he wants;
15.1;1w;Tye to Kohli, 1 wide Kohli yells at himself after he fails to make contact with a length ball wandering away down leg;
14.6;?;Zampa to Karthik, no run steps out but he ends up too close to the ball, yorking himself as he tries to drive to cover;
14.5;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run short and outside off, Kohli pulls it to long-on;
14.4;?;Zampa to Kohli, no run goes wide of the crease to ensure the ball slants into Kohli, dipping at the last second to beat Kohli on the flick;
14.3;1;Zampa to Karthik, 1 run loops it up on middle, Karthik turns it to deep midwicket;
14.2;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run picks the googly as he stays back and flicks the quicker delivery through midwicket;
14.1;1;Zampa to Karthik, 1 run works it away straight of midwicket;
13.6;1;Tye to Karthik, 1 run shortsh on middle and leg, they secure a single through midwicket;
13.5;?;Tye to Karthik, no run back of a length on off stump, Karhik keeps it out;
13.4;?;Tye to Karthik, no run;
13.3;?;Tye to Karthik, no run lbw appeal but the fuller delivery is slanted into the pads and would have slipped down past the stumps as DK misses the flick;
13.2;?;Tye to Karthik, no run good length on off stump, blocks to cover and runs;
13.1;W;Tye to Pant, OUT caught behind! This is poor. He needs pace to play a shot like this - the pull to the fine leg boundary - but that's the one thing Tye denies. The slower bouncer outside leg stump sneaks up on Pant, rising up at him, lobbing up off his glove and settling in Carey's waiting hands. Australia, without anyone noticing, are getting on a bit of a roll;Rishabh Pant c ?Carey b Tye 0 (1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
12.6;W;Maxwell to Rahul, OUT caught at long-off! He's been trying to dominate the spinners, trying to put them off their lengths by charging at them, or reverse sweeping them. But it never looked like coming off. And this time, he's even found the fielder. A trip down the pitch and a desperate slash is taken very very easily by Coulter-Nile;KL Rahul c Coulter-Nile b Maxwell 14 (20b 0x4 1x6) SR: 70;
12.5;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run shortish and outside off, he stands tall and pulls it through midwicket;
12.4;2;Maxwell to Kohli, 2 runs turns the length ball on middle through square leg;
12.3;2;Maxwell to Kohli, 2 runs mis-hits it over point! Kohli is trying to make room, trying to one-up Maxwell who has been trying to deny that. The ball drifts away from him just enough to make him lose his shape;
12.2;1;Maxwell to Rahul, 1 run steps out to drive a length ball going across him to long-off;
12.1;?;Maxwell to Rahul, no run shortish and outside off, from round the wicket, Rahul punches to cover;
11.6;1;Zampa to Rahul, 1 run thinks about coming down the pitch but Zampa's flat trajectory and his excellent line around off stump disallows Rahul any access to his power game. Single through cover off an ugly slice;
11.5;3;Zampa to Kohli, 3 runs gorgeous late cut but even still, it should only have been a single. Lynn at short third man mistimes his dive and gives away a couple more;
11.4;2;Zampa to Kohli, 2 runs stays back in his crease against the googly, picking the variation, waiting for it to turn into him, and them flicks it sweetly to deep midwicket;
11.3;1;Zampa to Rahul, 1 run whips it through midwicket;
11.2;?;Zampa to Rahul, no run comes down the pitch but Zampa gets the ball to dip in time and Rahul can only push it down the pitch;
11.1;?;Zampa to Rahul, no run premeditates a reverse sweep and that allows the bowler to change his line, bowling onto leg stump to deny hitting room.;
10.6;1;Maxwell to Rahul, 1 run ticks it past the right of Maxwell, even with him diving full-length to his right;
10.5;?;Maxwell to Rahul, no run tosses it up on off stump, Rahul knocks it back at the bowler, unable to find the single he wants;
10.4;?;Maxwell to Rahul, no run pushes it through on middle and leg, Rahul works it to the right of the bowler;
10.3;?;Maxwell to Rahul, no run goes for the reverse sweep, but with Maxwell pulling his length back, he's unable to make any contact;
10.2;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run leans forward as he get to the pitch of the offbreak on leg stump and works it through midwicket;
10.1;1;Maxwell to Rahul, 1 run shuffles across with Maxwell going across him from round the wicket, and the good length ball on off stump is nudged through midwicket;
9.6;4;Zampa to Kohli, FOUR runs short and wide and Kohli pounces, cuts this hard and places past point! Great stroke from Kohli;
9.5;1;Zampa to Rahul, 1 run shorter length on off, 92kph, he's back and pushing it to long on;
9.4;?;Zampa to Rahul, no run wrong un, nicely pitched turning into off, he defends into the off side;
9.3;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run flatter outside off, deft late cut to fine short third man;
9.3;2w;Zampa to Rahul, 2 wide fired full down leg, Carey can't glove the half-volley, they get another run on top;
9.2;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run flighted outside off, a slog sweep flat along the ground to deep long on;
9.1;2;Zampa to Kohli, 2 runs drifting outside leg, on the front foot he works this through square leg and Kohli immediately calls two, great running. He is so good at that;
8.6;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run 95kph, good length on off, he's back and pushing this to midwicket;
8.5;?;Maxwell to Kohli, no run flighted slower and fuller, he drives straight to cover;
8.4;1;Maxwell to Rahul, 1 run shorter on leg, he's back and working through square leg to the sweeper;
8.3;?;Maxwell to Rahul, no run he pushes this through to off, he's back and defending;
8.2;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run shorter length on leg, he whips this nicely to deep square leg;
8.1;?;Maxwell to Kohli, no run 85kph, around the wicket, drifting to middle, he defends on the front foot;
7.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run 137kph, fuller length, he drives nicely to deep cover-point;
7.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Rahul, 1 run pushed on the front foot slowly to mid off and they run well to pinch one;
7.4;6;Coulter-Nile to Rahul, SIX runs pulled over deep square! 132kph, back of a length, he picked up the length so quick, pulled it off the bottom of the bat but he hit it hard enough to sail high over the man in the deep at square leg!;
7.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Rahul, no run 136kph, good length, fourth stump line, checks a drive to cover;
7.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run 132kph, short ball, he's pulling but gets it off the toes of the bat and rolls it around to deep fine leg;
7.1;2;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 2 runs 135kph, good length, he walks a pace down to the line and whips this sumptuously wide of mid on for two. What a way to get off the mark!;
6.6;?;Zampa to Rahul, no run tossed up outside off, he drives straight to cover;
6.5;W;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, OUT bowled him! This was fired in at 91kph, good length, Sharma played back and tried to work against the line through square leg, it skidded on off the surface, hurried him, inside edge onto pad and then onto the stumps!;Rohit Sharma b Zampa 23 (16b 1x4 2x6) SR: 143.75;
6.4;?;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, no run flipper, fired into off, he defends on the front foot;
6.3;?;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, no run fired through, angled down leg, he tried to pull and slips over as it hits the pad. There's an appeal but it's not out;
6.2;?;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, no run shorter and wider, it skids on, he tries to late cut but misses;
6.1;?;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, no run tossed up leg break, very full, driven back to the bowler;
5.6;?;Starc to Kohli, no run 146kph, good length on leg, he works it to midwicket;
5.5;?;Starc to Kohli, no run shorter length, on middle and leg, he jumps back in defence into cover;
5.4;?;Starc to Kohli, no run full angled across, he is cautious, playing a text book defensive push to cover;
5.3;W;Starc to S Dhawan, OUT full and straight, 145kph, into middle, did it hit pad before bat? Umpire says not out to the shout. Australia review. It was tailing in, definitely hit pad first. Ball tracking says it's hitting leg stump! Out LBW!. Great review from Finch. Great work from Starc;Shikhar Dhawan lbw b Starc 41 (22b 6x4 2x6) SR: 186.36;
5.2;4;Starc to S Dhawan, FOUR runs driven through cover! 128kph slower ball, half-volley, he picks it, waits and places this inside out past cover and it flies to the rope. What batting this is;
5.1;1;Starc to Rohit Sharma, 1 run 129kph, good length slower ball on off, he defends with soft hands into the off side for a simple one;
4.6;4;Stoinis to S Dhawan, FOUR runs pulled over mid on and it lands just short of the rope! Wow! This was 129kph, short and way wide, he stands up and hammers a pull flat and straight over mid on. It was only metres short of another six!;
4.5;4;Stoinis to S Dhawan, FOUR runs 102kph slower ball, good length, he sits waits and slaps it back over the bowler's head, three bounces over the rope!;
4.4;6;Stoinis to S Dhawan, SIX runs launched over square leg way back into the stands! My goodness! Again he drops short on the hip and he massacres this pull shot and it goes way, way, way back into the crowd!;
4.4;1w;Stoinis to S Dhawan, 1 wide slower ball full toss that slipped out way wide. It didn't land on the pitch;
4.3;1;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, 1 run 127kph, good length on off, he turns with soft hands to square leg for a single;
4.2;6;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs crunch! A front foot pull over long on! Just a fraction short at 126kph, Rohit read it and flat batted this over long on and it goes all the way;
4.1;?;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, no run 128kph, good length into leg stump, he turns neatly off the front foot to midwicket;
3.6;4;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, FOUR runs slower ball again and driven on the up straight of cover! Superb batting from Shikhar Dhawan. He has clobbered this on the rise into the gap;
3.5;6;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, SIX runs slower ball, back of a length, he hammers a slog sweep over deep midwicket into the crowd again! Wow!;
3.4;2;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, 2 runs 116kph, slower ball bouncer, he waits and pulls to deep square leg;
3.3;?;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, no run 126kph, good length, middle and leg, he defends on the front foot;
3.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, 1 run 137kph, good length, fourth stump, he defends with soft hands running into the gully;
3.1;6;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs short into the hip and he pulls with the angle up and over fine leg into the crowd! What a shot. Too easy for Sharma;
3.1;1w;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, 1 wide angled down the leg side and rightly called wide;
2.6;4;Starc to S Dhawan, FOUR runs cracking off drive! This was a half-volley and he leaned into the drive and placed it perfectly past mid off;
2.5;?;Starc to S Dhawan, no run 139kph bouncer, he tries to pull hard but it comes off a touch slower than he expected;
2.4;?;Starc to S Dhawan, no run 145kph, tailing into the pads, full, he misses out trying to whip it away, it was going way down leg so no shout for LBW;
2.3;?;Starc to S Dhawan, no run 145kph, back of a length into middle, he turns it with the angle to midwicket;
2.2;2;Starc to S Dhawan, 2 runs full into off, he drives inside out wide of mid off, Tye goes with the one hand and misfields, he allows a couple;
2.2;1w;Starc to S Dhawan, 1 wide 144kph, swinging wide of off, he flashes and misses but it's called wide by Paul Wilson;
2.1;1;Starc to Rohit Sharma, 1 run good length on off, he defends with soft hands close into the off side, and an easy one is run. Great batting;
1.6;4;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, FOUR runs steps back and across early and pulls behind square! Great batting, he moved early, created the shorter length and pulled it fine of the man at deep square;
1.5;?;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, no run good length outside off, he drags it off the bottom half of the bat to midwicket;
1.4;?;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, no run 125kph slower ball, good length on middle, he defends on the front foot to cover-point;
1.3;?;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, no run 138kph, good length into leg stump, cramping him, he works to square midwicket;
1.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, 1 run full outswinger outside off, pitching on the popping crease, he slices it through the gully;
1.1;4;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs angled down leg, he picks this up and flicks it up and over short fine! Great shot;
0.6;?;Starc to S Dhawan, no run 145kph, good length angled into middle, he works this with the angle to midwicket;
0.5;?;Starc to S Dhawan, no run 142kph, bouncer, this flies very high, Dhawan sways under, it's not called wide;
0.4;1;Starc to Rohit Sharma, 1 run 146kph, inswinging yorker, he jams the bat down and squeezes it behind square, just got the bat down in time!;
0.3;1;Starc to S Dhawan, 1 run 146kph, back of a length just outside, he waits and runs it off the open blade to third man;
0.2;?;Starc to S Dhawan, no run 146kph, good length outside off, he tried to launch this with a cross bat, chops it off the bottom edge into the pitch;
0.1;1;Starc to Rohit Sharma, 1 run 142kph, good length, hint of swing in to off, runs off the edge along the ground to third man;

8.40pm Here we go. The Australians are about to head out onto the ground. Rohit and Shikhar won't be far behind. Rohit Sharma will face the first ball from Mitchell Starc.
 Innings Start
Australia
India
3rd T20I (N), Sydney, Nov 25 2018, India tour of Australia
164/6
168/4
Player of the match is Krunal Pandya, INDIA
India won by 6 wickets (with 2 balls remaining)
