Data
New Zealand have limped to 9 for 117. It's been all Australia apart from a few blows from Colin de Grandhomme who could only face four balls in the last two overs. Billy Stanlake set the tone with pace at the top of the innings, his three early wickets setting the innings back, while Andrew Tye showed all his stills and Ashton Agar was also very effective. This shouldn't be much of a challenge for Australia. Alan will be with you shortly to take you through the chase.
19.6;W;Tye to Sodhi, OUT and cleans him up with the last ball...full at off stump, Sodhi swings across the line. Tye finishes with four;Ish Sodhi b Tye 0 (4m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
19.5;?;Tye to Sodhi, no run another swing and a miss outside off, no byes this time;
19.4;2b;Tye to Sodhi, 2 byes full outside off, a swing and miss and they run a bye to the keeper...and they are able to steal a second;
19.3;1;Tye to de Grandhomme, 1 run pushed down the ground;
19.2;W;Tye to Southee, OUT shuffling around the crease, it's a low full toss at 135kph, very sweetly flicked but he picks out deep square leg...taken very low by his bootlaces;Tim Southee c Stoinis b Tye 9 (11m 6b 0x4 1x6) SR: 150;
19.1;1;Tye to de Grandhomme, 1 run full and straight, good delivery, dug out to deep square leg and CdG can't get the strike back;
18.6;6;Kane Richardson to Southee, SIX runs huge! Southee started moving well before the ball was delivery, but was then stood perfectly still as Richardson delivered a length delivery which he picks up as sweetly as anything over deep square leg;
18.5;?;Kane Richardson to Southee, no run full outside off, swings and misses;
18.4;1;Kane Richardson to de Grandhomme, 1 run well bowled, off-stump yorker, can only jab it out to backward point;
18.3;1;Kane Richardson to Southee, 1 run uses his feet, gets a thick inside edge into his boot as he swings to the leg side;
18.2;1;Kane Richardson to de Grandhomme, 1 run dabbed into backward point;
18.1;1;Kane Richardson to Southee, 1 run bottom-handed flick down the ground;
7.6;2;Tye to Blundell, 2 runs chips a slower ball in the air down the ground, just has the legs to clear mid-off...more good variation from Tye;
7.5;1;Tye to Taylor, 1 run back of a length outside off, tapped towards point and there's some hesitation in the single but he's okay in the end;
7.4;1;Tye to Blundell, 1 run fuller outside off, he comes forward and opens the face to run it to third man;
7.4;1w;Tye to Blundell, 1 wide a bouncer, just slips too far down the leg side;
7.3;1;Tye to Taylor, 1 run width outside off, a slower ball, chopped to deep cover;
7.2;W;Tye to Williamson, OUT huge wicket! Tye strikes second ball. Short of a length at off stump, Williamson looking to work into the leg side, closes the face and the ball takes a leading edge. Loops over cover, Warner turns and takes it comfortably over his shoulder;Kane Williamson c Warner b Tye 8 (30m 21b 0x4 0x6) SR: 38.09;
7.1;?;Tye to Williamson, no run short of a length at off stump, flicked to midwicket;
6.6;1;Agar to Williamson, 1 run can't get to the pitch as he uses his feet so resorts to nudging to the deep leg-side field;
6.5;?;Agar to Williamson, no run full, outside off, driven to cover;
6.4;1;Agar to Taylor, 1 run tucked off the pads to deep midwicket;
6.3;2;Agar to Taylor, 2 runs down the pitch again, on the line of off stump, takes this through the leg side to deep midwicket. Good running;
6.2;?;Agar to Taylor, no run uses his feet, drives into the pitch and it bounces back to the bowler;
6.1;1;Agar to Williamson, 1 run round the wicket, pushed into the pads, flicked to deep square leg;
17.6;6;Tye to de Grandhomme, SIX runs takes advantage of the extra delivery as he flicks this high over deep square leg;
17.6;1w;Tye to de Grandhomme, 1 wide full, wide outside off, swing and a msis;
17.5;2;Tye to de Grandhomme, 2 runs what save on the boundary! More brilliant work in the deep. De Grandhomme goes straight down the ground, looks like six, but Agar leaps on the rope, goes for the catch but knows he's going over the rope so flicks the ball back in...can't quite make it a rebound catch;
17.4;1;Tye to Southee, 1 run full outside off, tapped towards backward point;
17.3;1;Tye to de Grandhomme, 1 run flicks a full toss off the pads to deep midwicket...Australia will be pleased whenever he's off strike;
17.2;W;Tye to Santner, OUT that's very high, and doesn't get further than deep midwicket...full and straight, Santner trying to go over the leg side, pace off the ball again, can't get anything like enough distance;Mitchell Santner c Warner b Tye 1 (8m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
17.1;?;Tye to Santner, no run full outside off, pushed firmly back to the bowler;
16.6;?;Stoinis to de Grandhomme, no run a short ball over leg stump, beats the top edge...that's a superb over Stoinis, Australia have sneaked one through;
16.5;1;Stoinis to Santner, 1 run back of a length outside off, aiming to the leg side and takes a thick outside edge into backward point;
16.4;?;Stoinis to Santner, no run nearly spooned back to the bowler, a length delivery, a cutter, stops in the surface and takes a leading edge;
16.3;1;Stoinis to de Grandhomme, 1 run a straight full toss, clubbed down to long-on;
16.2;?;Stoinis to de Grandhomme, no run beats him again, a slower ball outside off, bounces over the top edge. Another dot;
16.1;?;Stoinis to de Grandhomme, no run full outside off, has a big swing to the leg side and doesn't make contact;
5.6;?;Stanlake to Taylor, no run gets across outside off, tries to fetch a short ball through the leg side but can only pick out mid-on;
5.5;?;Stanlake to Taylor, no run a short ball outside off, goes for the pull and he's through his shot, takes the cue end and loops towards backward point;
5.4;?;Stanlake to Taylor, no run that's a wild swing across the line, a good-length ball, and it's not far from taking off stump;
5.3;2;Stanlake to Taylor, 2 runs full outside off, Taylor's feet don't move as he drives through the line, skews off the inside half of the bat behind square on the leg side;
5.2;1;Stanlake to Williamson, 1 run short of a length outside off, dropped square to the off side with soft hands and that's a good run;
5.1;1;Stanlake to Taylor, 1 run an attempted yorker at 145kph, it's a low full toss dug out towards mid-on;
4.6;2;Kane Richardson to Williamson, 2 runs through the slips again, although Williamson was in control of this...a slower ball, short of a length, steered wide of the keeper but third man can get across;
4.5;1;Kane Richardson to Taylor, 1 run a shorter ball, pulled to deep square;
4.4;4;Kane Richardson to Taylor, FOUR runs fine of slip! Could they have had two slips? Touch of width outside off, Taylor plays a slashing cut, takes a top edge and goes through the gap;
4.3;?;Kane Richardson to Taylor, no run finds the outside edge, this was a touch fuller, but Taylor does well to keep it down, slip, who is wide, makes a good save;
4.2;?;Kane Richardson to Taylor, no run short outside off, stays back in the crease and taps to the off side;
4.1;1;Kane Richardson to Williamson, 1 run short of a length, a bottom-handed flick to the leg side;
3.6;1;Stanlake to Williamson, 1 run gets this one away, but just for a single, flicked from outside off behind square on the leg side;
3.5;?;Stanlake to Williamson, no run a touch fuller, angles back and takes an inside edge...lining up the dot balls to Williamson;
3.4;?;Stanlake to Williamson, no run and another dot to the captain, short of a length outside off, played to the leg side;
3.3;?;Stanlake to Williamson, no run back of a length outside off, 149kph, defended to backward point;
3.2;W;Stanlake to Bruce, OUT and he has three! Another short ball. Well directed, over middle and off, Bruce can't control his hook, takes a top edge and is very well judged on the long-leg boundary;Tom Bruce c Richardson b Stanlake 3 (11m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
3.1;?;Stanlake to Bruce, no run stays on leg stump, gives himself a touch of room, mistimes a drive towards mid-on;
2.6;?;Kane Richardson to Williamson, no run excellent stuff, short of a length again at off stump, Williamson tries to work it to the leg side but can only push it back towards the bowler...six dots after the wide;
2.5;?;Kane Richardson to Williamson, no run short of a length outside off, opens the face a touch and finds point;
2.4;?;Kane Richardson to Williamson, no run more seam movement, jags back at Williamson from back of a length and takes him near a very delicate area;
2.3;?;Kane Richardson to Williamson, no run full and straight, 138kph, clipped to midwicket;
2.2;?;Kane Richardson to Williamson, no run that's a good one! Back of a length outside off, angles back, beats the inside edge...extra bounce;
2.1;?;Kane Richardson to Williamson, no run outside off this time, on a good length, defended on the front foot to cover;
2.1;1w;Kane Richardson to Williamson, 1 wide pushed down the leg side, another wide, Richardson hasn't settled yet;
1.6;1;Stanlake to Williamson, 1 run a touch fuller, Williamson gets himself forward and pushes to the left of mid-off;
1.5;?;Stanlake to Williamson, no run good length outside off, 145kph, defended to backward point;
1.4;?;Stanlake to Williamson, no run another top delivery! Full outside off, shapes away from Williamson who is feeling for it away from his body;
1.3;3;Stanlake to Bruce, 3 runs goes for the yorker, not far off, 151kph, clipped through the leg side;
1.2;W;Stanlake to Guptill, OUT what a ball! He's on a hat-trick! Good length at off stump, nips off the seam, beats the outside edge and takes the top of off stump. That's a beauty;Martin Guptill b Stanlake 5 (9m 5b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
1.1;W;Stanlake to Munro, OUT strikes first ball! The short one. Munro goes for the pull, onto him too quickly, takes a big top edge and Carey moves around to the short fine-leg position to gather a simple chance. Probably not short enough for the stroke;Colin Munro c ?Carey b Stanlake 3 (7m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
0.6;3;Kane Richardson to Munro, 3 runs full outside off, sliced square over the off side, skids across the outfield towards deep point. Tye chases and makes a good attempt to flick it back. He's done very well there;
0.5;1;Kane Richardson to Guptill, 1 run full at off stump, pushed from the front foot into the leg side, sets off for the run straightaway but it doesn't beat midwicket. A clean stop and pick up from Stoinis would have been a run out chance;
0.4;1lb;Kane Richardson to Munro, 1 leg bye big appeal for lbw that looked to have pitched outside leg, Munro aiming to flick into the leg side;
0.3;1lb;Kane Richardson to Guptill, 1 leg bye a little too straight again but this one rebounds off the pad towards square leg;
0.2;4;Kane Richardson to Guptill, FOUR runs full and straight, flicked fine of short fine leg, whistles to the boundary. Just needed a touch;
0.1;?;Kane Richardson to Guptill, no run very full, outside off, a touch of late swing and jabbed to the covers off the toe end;
0.1;1w;Kane Richardson to Guptill, 1 wide down the leg side first up, a wide to get things going;

Kane Richardson will open up... a slip in place
7.10pm Not long to go now...will be interesting to see how Short goes after his brilliant BBL.
Tom de Sailor: "Though the Aussie batting has some terrific power in there, their bowling seems to be so fragile. Apart from Tye, there are no 'go-to' bowler for Warner. The NZ team looks more complete and balanced."
Frankie: "Tuning in at 3:15am here in Washington DC USA! Hoping my lack of sleep will be worth the effort. Go Aus!"
7.00pm Here is the head-to-head between these two teams in T20Is.
DC: "oooft that's some serious power there from the aussies!"
So what are the key contests today? New Zealand's spin twins against Australia's top order?
6.50pm Australia have won the toss and will bowl
Australia David Warner (c), D'Arcy Short, Chris Lynn, Glenn Maxwell, Marcus Stoinis, Alex Carey (wk), Ashton Agar, Andrew Tye, Kane Richardson, Adam Zampa, Billy Stanlake
New Zealand Martin Guptill, Colin Munro, Kane Williamson (c), Tom Bruce, Ross Taylor, Colin de Grandhomme, Tom Blundell, Mitchell Santner, Tim Southee, Ish Sodhi, Trent Boult
Dan: "That's a full strength NZ lineup, isn't it? No one missing out anywhere for any reason. A loss here could really open up some mental demons."
Adrian Atkinson: "In the preview I read "Travis Head will dash to Sydney from Adelaide and then back for the BBL final" what about D'arcy Short? He's my fantasy team captain, I need him back too!" Head, Short and Carey have all been released for the BBL final
6.35pm Some news coming through from the ground: Alex Carey and D'Arcy Short have been handed their caps. Aaron Finch injured, remember.
Paul AJ Saw: "The fixture is a little bit surprising. I would've thought Aus v Eng would start the tournament up. New Zealand will start the tournament and then have a very long break in between games."
Nizamul Bhuyan: "Hi Andy. Looking forward to a cracking match this afternoon. Two teams with some attractive power hitters in their shed. What is the weather conditions though?" Bit overcast but dry at the moment
6.30pm Hello everyone, welcome to our coverage of the opening T20 of the tri-series. Today it's Australia and New Zealand from the SCG to get things up and running. England, who are still in Australia don't forget, are the third team in this tournament. Anyone getting nostalgic for the days of the old World Series?
Will a change of format help Australia escape their white-ball funk? New Zealand's confidence took a little hit when they conceded the T20 series to Pakistan a few days ago so they'll be looking to get back on track here.
 Innings Start
10.45pm: A pretty comprehensive win for Australia's revamped T20 XI, there. As ever, New Zealand's neighbour issues seemed to hold them back... A limp batting effort, decapitated by Billy Stanlake and then docked by AJ Tye, saw them post a well below-par target and Australia, despite a wobble from the openers, knocked them off. When you've got a couple of guys like Chris Lynn and Glenn Maxwell, fresh out of the Big Bash, six an over isn't going to be a test. Anyway, that's pretty much a wrap for tonight - Miller has dashed up his report on a rather limp affair and we'll be back for more when Australia take on England in Hobart on Wednesday. Bye!
"Australia proving what we all knew at the innings break, which is that NZ were a good 60 runs short today," mooches Dan. "Wish that rain had hung around."
11.3;4;Southee to Maxwell, FOUR runs downtown, finished with a straight hit for four! Australia win by seven wickets and take first blood in the tri-series;
11.2;?;Southee to Maxwell, no run dug in short, leg side and Maxwell ignores;
11.1;4;Southee to Maxwell, FOUR runs length, think that was a cutter from Southee, Maxwell skitters across his stumps like a seaman in a gale and swats four more past the dive of fine leg;
11.1;1w;Southee to Maxwell, 1 wide short and down the leg side;
10.6;W;Boult to Lynn, OUT banged in, Lynn hooks - and sends it straight to fine leg! Second wicket for Boult, but the job is almost done for Australia;Chris Lynn c Sodhi b Boult 44 (38m 33b 6x4 1x6) SR: 133.33;
10.5;2;Boult to Lynn, 2 runs short ball, pulled off the splice through midwicket for a couple;
10.4;1;Boult to Maxwell, 1 run full, gets the yorker up towards the blockhole, dug out towards mid-off;
10.3;?;Boult to Maxwell, no run short, 142kph over leg stump, Maxwell shows it a straight bat;
10.2;1;Boult to Lynn, 1 run back of a length, opens up his body and slices down to third man;
10.1;?;Boult to Lynn, no run over the wicket, short and angled across as Lynn hangs back, swings and misses;
9.6;4;Sodhi to Maxwell, FOUR runs tossed up and Maxwell bludgeons another four straight down the ground, slugged hard and it beats long-on;
9.5;1;Sodhi to Lynn, 1 run flighted, punched down the ground for one;
9.4;1;Sodhi to Maxwell, 1 run flat legbreak in the channel, Maxwell rocks back and slaps one through point;
9.3;1;Sodhi to Lynn, 1 run tossed up on off and plugged down the ground;
9.2;4;Sodhi to Lynn, FOUR runs drops short and Lynn whirls it away through square leg, gets it between two fielders for another boundary;
9.1;1;Sodhi to Maxwell, 1 run on the charge, ugly slash from Maxwell, smeared over cover for one to the sweeper;
8.6;1;Santner to Maxwell, 1 run fizzed down on off, 94kph and stabbed square off the back foot, another quick single there;
8.5;4;Santner to Maxwell, FOUR runs crunched through the covers, Maxwell plants the front foot and nails the drive;
8.4;1;Santner to Lynn, 1 run slows his pace up, Lynn top edges the slog-sweep... but it lands short of deep square leg running in! Well bowled, came off the toe of the bat but Lynn survives;
8.3;?;Santner to Lynn, no run fired in on the stumps, pushed back to the bowler;
8.2;?;Santner to Lynn, no run flat on off, prodded away;
8.1;6;Santner to Lynn, SIX runs swung over deep backward square leg! Lynn clears the ropes now, shuffled across and slogged Santner from off stump;
7.6;1;Sodhi to Lynn, 1 run pushed through and chopped in front of square for one more;
7.5;1;Sodhi to Maxwell, 1 run dragged down, a touch wide and cut into the cover region, Williamson does well to get a hand on it and then nearly come a cropper sliding after the rebound as the turf digs up. Seems okay, though;
7.4;2;Sodhi to Maxwell, 2 runs slips in the googly, Maxwell drops back this time and nurdles a couple into the leg side;
7.3;?;Sodhi to Maxwell, no run tight lines, tossed up and blocked coming forwards;
7.2;?;Sodhi to Maxwell, no run ooh, nicely bowled, loops up the legbreak on off and it grips to scuttle past the outside edge and into the keeper's gloves;
7.1;1;Sodhi to Lynn, 1 run tossed up and worked down the ground to long-on;
6.6;1;de Grandhomme to Lynn, 1 run length ball in the channel, Lynn swings hard and dinks one into the covers;
6.5;1;de Grandhomme to Maxwell, 1 run slower ball, cutter outside off and Maxwell plays a cute back-foot slice towards short third man, they scamper through;
6.4;1;de Grandhomme to Lynn, 1 run full outside off, 125kph and Lynn clears the front leg, smears down the ground to long-on;
6.3;1;de Grandhomme to Maxwell, 1 run fired in, worked to the leg side;
6.2;6;de Grandhomme to Maxwell, SIX runs woof, sixer down the ground! Maxwell holds the pose, all classical high elbow... as he whumps a full ball over the long-off rope! That's the Australia 50, too;
6.1;1;de Grandhomme to Lynn, 1 run length on middle and leg, tucked down the ground through mid-on;
5.6;1;Sodhi to Lynn, 1 run pushed through, spinning a touch and worked through midwicket off the back foot;
5.5;1;Sodhi to Maxwell, 1 run floated up on the stumps, maybe the wrong'un, worked through backward square leg;
5.4;1;Sodhi to Lynn, 1 run bowled into the pitch, spins and bounces on middle as Lynn short-arm jabs through midwicket;
5.3;?;Sodhi to Lynn, no run floated up full on off, poked to mid-off;
5.2;4;Sodhi to Lynn, FOUR runs tossed up and Lynn slides a cut away behind point, excellent placement and he beats the man in the deep for another boundary;
5.1;?;Sodhi to Lynn, no run pushed through on off stump, tapped square;
4.6;4;Southee to Maxwell, FOUR runs cheekily done and Maxwell gets four! Short outside off, he sits back and ramps just clear of the keeper, bit of a thick edge, could have gone wrong... but he gets the reward;
4.5;?;Southee to Maxwell, no run short of a length, 135kph outside off, jabbed to backward point;
4.4;2;Southee to Maxwell, 2 runs bouncer, leg side and Maxwell gets some glove on it, just tickled past the diving Blundell for a couple;
4.3;2;Southee to Maxwell, 2 runs length outside off, sliced through backward point and third man has to run around;
4.3;1w;Southee to Maxwell, 1 wide bouncer, over Maxwell as he steps away, called wide on height;
4.2;?;Southee to Maxwell, no run shortish, sliding down the leg side, but Maxwell had hopped across and doesn't get the benefit from the umpire as he swishes and misses;
4.1;?;Southee to Maxwell, no run back of a length and defended on off;
3.6;4;Santner to Lynn, FOUR runs flat on off, Lynn manufactures a bit of room and hammers a drive past cover, such power from a short backlift and it races all the way;
3.5;?;Santner to Lynn, no run pushed through quicker again, swatted into the covers;
3.4;?;Santner to Lynn, no run loops this up extra slow, 77kph and it grips, hits the outside of the bat and runs to short third man;
3.3;4;Santner to Lynn, FOUR runs quicker ball but dragged down and Lynn is across, clubs it away through square leg, in the air for a bit safely into the wide open spaces for four;
3.2;?;Santner to Lynn, no run tossed up a bit slower, on the stumps and defended;
3.1;?;Santner to Lynn, no run fires the ball in full on leg stump and Lynn has to dig it out;
2.6;1;Boult to Lynn, 1 run straighter line, 139kph and nudged through midwicket for one;
2.5;?;Boult to Lynn, no run goes round the wicket now, dug in short and cramping him for room, blocked to the leg side;
2.4;4;Boult to Lynn, FOUR runs fired full outside off and he carves it away for four more over point, back-to-back boundaries for Lynn calm any Australia jitters;
2.3;4;Boult to Lynn, FOUR runs short, angled across, Lynn flays it over cover point... almost goes all the way! A brutal stand-and-deliver hit;
2.2;?;Boult to Lynn, no run hits a length on middle and leg, good pace, up around 140kph again and Lynn defends;
2.1;W;Boult to Warner, OUT bouncer, Warner swings it leg side... and Bruce juggles the catch smartly on the rope! Went right down his schooner but he was off balance, had to step back over the boundary, but had the presence of mind to lob it up and get back inside the playing area to complete the dismissal. Two in two for NZ and this chase has just got interesting;David Warner c Bruce b Boult 6 (11m 8b 1x4 0x6) SR: 75;
1.6;?;Southee to Lynn, no run over the wicket, back of a length at 135kph and Lynn prods it down into the pitch;
1.5;W;Southee to Short, OUT picks out midwicket! It's a short showing from Short, latched on again to the pull, seemed to middle the shot but hit it straight to Ross Taylor, who stayed low and snagged it well;D'Arcy Short c Taylor b Southee 4 (9m 4b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
1.4;?;Southee to Short, no run short again, this is a better bouncer, gets it up above shoulder height as Short swings and misses;
1.3;4;Southee to Short, FOUR runs dug in, boshed for four! Short swivels and rams his first boundary in Australia colours to the deep midwicket fence - went like a rocket;
1.2;1;Southee to Warner, 1 run short ball, pulled hard and flat to deep square leg for one;
1.1;4;Southee to Warner, FOUR runs short, wide and 128kph, which gives Warner time and room to welly it over cover and away for the first boundary of the innings;
0.6;?;Boult to Short, no run back of a length, 143kph around off stump... and he shows it a straight bat, steered to backward point;
0.5;1;Boult to Warner, 1 run length, maybe holding up a touch outside off, swings hard but plinked off the inner half of the bat wide of mid-on for one;
0.4;?;Boult to Warner, no run short, 141kph on the stumps, Warner heaves at it, gets a bottom edge on to the body;
0.3;?;Boult to Warner, no run fired in straight, touch back of a length and jabbed to square leg;
0.2;?;Boult to Warner, no run banged in, 141kph and a touch wide, Warner swings the arms with abandon but fails to connect - looked like that zipped through;
0.1;?;Boult to Warner, no run over the wicket, fullish length at 135kph and curving on middle and off, bunted to middwicket;

Trent Boult has the new ball, two slips in
Here come the players again, bit of a soggy spectacle at the SCG - but we have a run chase. Can the Kiwis hit their straps with the ball? And Can D'Arcy Short transfer his Big Bash form to the big stage...?
9.52pm: We have another restart time: 9.57pm with 15 overs to be bowled. Australia's revised target is 95
All of which means Justin can probably stop fretting: "Giving Australia's recent performances in the short game and knowing our current luck, this game and loss of points will be the reason we won't make the final of this comp."
9.45pm: The covers are off and the umpires are having a look... Stay tuned
Naveen sangwan: "Any thoughts about Aiden Makram being named the stand-in Captain for SA?" They certainly like to appoint 'em young
9.40pm: The radar for Sydney doesn't look too splodgy, so fingers crossed (unless you're a BlackCap)
Skm: "What is the cutoff for a five over shootout ??" Well, by my rough mental arithmetic, given 9.44pm would have given time for 18 overs, I think they'd need to be restarting by 10.36(ish?) for a five-over whack
Clarc Morris is crossing his fingers in the opposite direction: "Please may the heavens strike down upon the ground with a great vengeance and furious anger, fulfilling historical prophecies of a catastrophic storm,... err well rain for four hours anyway?...."
9.33pm: Ach, the rain has returned - so 9.36pm is out the window. Doesn't look too heavy, just the hessian covering the strip for now. Simon Fry has just said they were in fact looking to restart at 9.44pm, which would have been an 18-over chase... But there's more rain on the radar and it'll likely come down further. NZ need a complete washout, realistically
"I would sure like the blackcaps to come back and win this game, that would shut up the people making fun of their batting and their accent. Not necessary." I love their accent, toby. And their batting... but it's not been a good night for Super Smishing it
9.23pm: Inspection at 9.26pm, folks, with a view to starting again at 9.36pm. The umpires doing it by the book and to the millimetre tonight...
"What's with NZ's bowling line up?! One medium-fast in Southee and spin with part-timers to make up the numbers, why not give Ferguson a crack on fast Aussie wickets?" I think you've missed Trent Boult there, Fred? Couple of new-ball swingers and then pace off probably not the worst plan on this deck... But you'd prefer to be defending 157
9.20pm: The mopping up is in full swing... They're playing more shots than the entire NZ innings out there! Should think we'll be back on without any overs lost in the next 15-20
Here's Keava: "Hope the Black Caps are rain-dancing in their changing room. We don't need a revised total, we need a draw" Yes, a 'wee but' of rain isn't going to help them at all
9.15pm: Ah, it's swept through, the covers are coming off. Stand by!
"Only 3 fours and 3 sixes doesn't sound normal for T20, does it?" Tells the story of New Zealand's initial struggle, Dave Fern. Once Stanlake had his early three, they couldn't really take any risks, at least until De Bigman had a pop at the end
9.10pm: Unfortunately it looks like it's bucketing down in Sydney - and that's not a reference to fried-chicken promotion. The covers are on and the spectators sheltering in the stands
Evening all. That NZ innings was a bit of a squib... and now it's all got a bit damp at the SCG, with rain falling during the interval. Only Colin De Grandhomme (and, briefly, Tim Southee) threatened to dump on the crowd at any stage over the last hour and a half
 Innings Start
New Zealand
Australia
1st Match (N), Sydney, Feb 3 2018, Trans-Tasman Twenty20 Tri-Series
117/9
96/3
Player of the match is Billy Stanlake, AUS
Australia won by 7 wickets (with 21 balls remaining) (D/L method)
