Data
Breathless stuff and, after a horrid start, Australia will be happy enough with 147, England would feel they have given themselves a great chance. Half way through and this game is far too close to call. England bowled and fielded excellently, but for one over where Yardy was taken for 21 and a couple of missed run out opportunities. Cameron White, once again, changed the momentum after England had started brilliantly, and the Hussey brothers ensured there is plenty for the Aussie pace battery to work with.
I'm bucketing sweat all over the keyboard, so it seems a good point to hand over comms for the second half of the game to Liam. In the meantime, here's Andrew Miller's bulletin.
19.6;2;Broad to Hussey, 2 runs top finish from Broad, full and outside off, Hussey drives down to long off once more, Wright fumbles, much to Broad's vocal annoyance, and allows Hussey to come back for the second;
19.5;1;Broad to Smith, 1 run lovely slower ball from Broad, once again defeating Smith's mow across the line, Hussey runs the bye;
19.4;1;Broad to Hussey, 1 run full and wide of off stump, Hussey can't do much more than shove it down to long on, where the throw comes back like a rocket and keeps it to one;
19.3;1b;Broad to Smith, 1 bye very good thinking from Broad, much slower ball, Smith swishes at thin air long before the ball arrives, Hussey runs through for a bye before Kieswetter can get the throw back;
19.2;W;Broad to Hussey, 1 run, OUT very good again from Broad, full and straight, not giving much for Hussey to work with, he shoves it down to long on, Wright fields, and fires in a throw to the strikers end where Hussey is attempting to come back for the second, Kieswetter takes it in front of the stumps and has the bails off in a flash, beating the batsman, top fielding that!;David Hussey run out (Wright/?Kieswetter) 59 (73m 54b 2x4 2x6) SR: 109.25;
19.1;1;Broad to Hussey, 1 run Broad will be happy enough with that, full and Hussey swung it hard but straight down to the deep midwicket fielder;
18.6;2;Sidebottom to Hussey, 2 runs good ball to finish a decent Sidebottom over, full and straight, D Hussey crashed it back down the ground firmly for another couple;
18.6;1w;Sidebottom to Hussey, 1 wide this time it will be a wide, Hussey looking to edge leg side of the ball and swing through cover, Sidebottom shoving it outside off, but too far for the umpire;
18.5;2;Sidebottom to Hussey, 2 runs another fullish ball outside off, Hussey reaching for it once more and flaying it over cover for two more, hard running for these two;
18.4;4;Sidebottom to Hussey, FOUR runs very unlucky that for the bowler, Hussey down the track and leg side of the ball again, Sidebottom fired it wide of him, but Hussey reached well enough to outside edge it wide of the keeper for four;
18.3;?;Sidebottom to Hussey, no run Hussey goes leg side of the ball, Sidebottom angled it well wide of off, and it's a fine call, but not a wide;
18.2;2;Sidebottom to Hussey, 2 runs nicely played, D Hussey collects fifty of 49 balls, chipping this fullish ball down the ground for a well-run couple;
18.1;1;Sidebottom to Hussey, 1 run Sidebottom backs his slower-ball bouncer, landing it first ball back, Hussey waits, and waits, and swats it down to midwicket for a single;
13.6;?;Swann to White, no run good finish to an excellent spell from Swann, touch of air, White clips it firmly back to the bowler;
13.5;4;Swann to White, FOUR runs top shot again, White really ticking now. Planted his front foot and smashed through the line, sending it flying flat down straight down the ground for four;
13.4;?;Swann to White, no run White edging down the wicket, Swann teasing him with flight, worked firmly to short midwicket and Collingwood fields;
13.3;?;Swann to White, no run ooh, lovely stuff from Swann, held back a fraction, White thinks about another big shot but defends;
13.2;1;Swann to Hussey, 1 run fuller this time and driven into the covers for a single;
13.1;?;Swann to Hussey, no run good from Swann, arrowed in at off, Hussey tried to cut but couldn't get it away;
12.6;4;Yardy to White, FOUR runs White is a very powerful man, this has almost a yorker length, yet his still managed to swing his big arms through the ball and send it rocketing down the ground for four. Big big over for Australia;
12.5;6;Yardy to White, SIX runs White is off! Good ball, but White lent back and smacked it over cow corner for a big six again;
12.4;4;Yardy to White, FOUR runs oops, full toss, and to White that is asking for trouble! He butchers it down the ground for four;
12.3;1;Yardy to Hussey, 1 run back on a length this time, worked away for one;
12.2;6;Yardy to Hussey, SIX runs well, finally the shackles are broken! Shorter and Hussey swiped it brilliantly, sending it miles over midwicket for six;
12.1;?;Yardy to Hussey, no run nicely bowled, quicker on off stump, cut to a diving point fielder;
17.6;2;Broad to Hussey, 2 runs good fielding again from Pietersen on the boundary, Hussey repeated the shot and timed it better, Pietersen off in a flash and sliding and stopping it just short of the long on boundary;
17.5;2;Broad to Hussey, 2 runs D Hussey may have found his range now, edging down the wicket and slugging this firmly down the ground, Pietersen runs back from mid off, slides and stops it short of the boundary;
17.4;4;Broad to Hussey, FOUR runs David Hussey this time picking the gaps, very nicely done, saw the man up at fine leg, so Hussey ran off side of the ball, and flicked it, up on one leg, over the fielder for four;
17.3;1;Broad to Hussey, 1 run Broad ensuring Hussey can't repeat the shot by shoving this full and well outside off, Hussey can only squirt it down to third man for one;
17.2;4;Broad to Hussey, FOUR runs lovely shot from M.Hussey, really top stuff, picked the gap bang on square leg, and flicked a fullish ball straight to the boundary;
17.1;1;Broad to Hussey, 1 run arrowed into the body, as Hussey runs leg side of the ball and looks to cut towards third man, but he has no room to free his arms and guides it away for one to third man;
16.6;1;Bresnan to Hussey, 1 run tidy finish from Bresnan, finding a fullish length, Hussey swings hard but it comes off the bottom edge towards the keeper for another single;
16.5;2;Bresnan to Hussey, 2 runs this time it's worked firmly down to deep midwicket for a couple, good over this for Australia;
16.5;7nb;Bresnan to Hussey, (no ball) SIX runs very damaging for England that. Bresnan throws up a high full toss, far too high, no ball, and Hussey swiped it, with the breeze over midwicket for six;
16.4;1;Bresnan to Hussey, 1 run good ball from Bresnan, slower and Hussey guides it down to third man for a calm single;
16.3;4;Bresnan to Hussey, FOUR runs well, Hussey gets away with one here, edging down the track and looking to drive through the covers, it flies off the outside edge wide of the keeper for four;
16.2;1;Bresnan to Hussey, 1 run touch of swing into the right hander here, worked away into the leg side for a single;
16.1;1;Bresnan to Hussey, 1 run big big chance here missed by Collingwood. Hussey guided a short ball straight to cover, Collingwood had all three stumps to aim at, but missed;
11.6;1;Swann to Hussey, 1 run good over from Swann, spinners doing a good choking job for England, Hussey turns his wrists over the ball and sends it gently to midwicket for one;
11.5;?;Swann to Hussey, no run good bowling once more, Hussey can do nothing but work it gently back to the bowler;
11.4;1;Swann to White, 1 run touch of turn here for Swann, spinning in from outside off stump, White helps it on its way for a single to short fine leg;
11.3;2;Swann to White, 2 runs well played this, White went leg side of the ball and lifted it over extra cover for a couple;
11.2;1;Swann to Hussey, 1 run nicely bowled once more from Swann, flight and dip, Hussey chipped it off the leading edge towards Broad, one bounce at long on;
11.1;?;Swann to Hussey, no run quicker ball from Swann, firing it into the pads, worked to the short midwicket fielder;
10.6;1;Yardy to Hussey, 1 run carefully worked away from a full length into midwicket for another easy single;
10.5;1;Yardy to White, 1 run quicker again, and finding good bounce once more, worked to long on for an easy single;
10.4;1;Yardy to Hussey, 1 run quicker ball, finds a touch of bounce, shovelled down to long on for one;
10.3;2;Yardy to Hussey, 2 runs too short and enough width on this to allow Hussey to get back and cut firmly through point for a couple;
10.2;1;Yardy to White, 1 run touch more air on this one, White content to push it to long on;
10.1;1;Yardy to Hussey, 1 run Yardy continues his good work, on and around off stump and pushed into the covers for one;
15.6;1;Wright to Hussey, 1 run good ball first up to Hussey, and the ice-man coolly works it down to third man for a gentle single. The man has no idea what pressure is it seems!;
15.5;1;Wright to Hussey, 1 run Luke Wright has done very well here, his length and line unflinching, Hussey shoves it, without much timing down the ground for one;
15.4;W;Wright to White, OUT White gone this time! Broad takes the catch! Really good from Broad, it was another fullish ball, White had a big swish and it came off the outside edge miles in the air, Broad called for it straight away from point and ran behind him to hold on to an excellent, crucial catch;Cameron White c Broad b Wright 30 (21m 19b 4x4 1x6) SR: 157.89;
15.3;1;Wright to Hussey, 1 run good stuff from Wright, holding his nerve and landing his yorker, Hussey slugs it down to long on;
15.2;1;Wright to White, 1 run goodness me, if White did connect on that we would not get the ball back, it was full and in his hitting zone, but he tried to hit it too hard and couldn't time it well enough;
15.1;1;Wright to Hussey, 1 run starts well enough, yorker length, outside off stump, jabbed into the off side for one;
14.6;1;Bresnan to Hussey, 1 run all happening here! Hussey top edged a massive swipe, it went miles in the air, swirling around, Broad called it from mid on, but in the end could not even drop it, as he misjudged a huge chance completely. Strong breeze here might have been his undoing;
14.5;?;Bresnan to Hussey, no run Hussey skipping leg side of the ball, looking to give himself room, as it was, it was wide off off stump anyway and he can't reach it;
14.4;1;Bresnan to White, 1 run banged in short and at the body again, White has no room to cause damage here, and it's worked into the leg side;
14.3;?;Bresnan to White, no run good response from Bresnan, slightly fuller and giving White no room to swing his arms, defended back to the bowler;
14.2;4;Bresnan to White, FOUR runs oh dear, don't bowl there if you're Tim Bresnan. Too short but lacking the intent, White hung on his back foot and bludgeoned it through midwicket for four;
14.1;1;Bresnan to Hussey, 1 run Hussey looking more secure now, picking a gap to third man from this shortish ball outside off;
9.6;?;Swann to White, no run top over from Swann, finished with a good ball outside off, White stretches forward and defends, getting his eye in before trying anything too expansive;
9.5;?;Swann to White, no run nicely bowled, fullish and flighted, White can do nothing but defend off the front foot;
9.4;1;Swann to Hussey, 1 run Hussey not doing anything fancy here, carefully pushing this down to long on for one;
9.3;1;Swann to White, 1 run Swann flights it well up to big Cameron White, who pushes down to long on gently;
9.2;W;Swann to Clarke, OUT brilliant from Collingwood! Fantastic catch! Swann flighted it up, and beat Clarke in the air as he skipped down the wicket, in the end it's chipped into what looked a vacant straight midwicket, but Collingwood dived to his left from short midwicket, two-handed and plucked it out the air;Michael Clarke c Collingwood b Swann 27 (35m 27b 2x4 0x6) SR: 100;
9.1;1;Swann to Hussey, 1 run lovely bowling, flighted up invitingly, Hussey has a swipe but mistimes it to short fine leg for one;
8.6;1;Yardy to Hussey, 1 run very well bowled, much quicker, it was on to Hussey in an instant and he could only end up inside-edging into to leg side and Clarke calls him through for a well-judged quick single;
8.5;1;Yardy to Clarke, 1 run Clarke using his feet well, walking up the wicket and turning this to deep midwicket for one;
8.4;2;Yardy to Clarke, 2 runs touch too much width this time, Clarke is back and cutting in a flash, past point for a couple;
8.3;?;Yardy to Clarke, no run pushed through this time, really quite quickly, Clarke hurries into a back foot defence;
8.2;1;Yardy to Hussey, 1 run very careful so far from Hussey against spin, works this from off stump to long on for a gentle single;
8.1;1;Yardy to Clarke, 1 run actually flighted a touch first up, Clarke carefully flicks it into a gap at midwicket a single;
7.6;?;Swann to Hussey, no run Swann finishes the over well, on off stump, Hussey tries to force it through point but can't beat the fielder;
7.5;1;Swann to Clarke, 1 run nicely played by Clarke here, came down the wicket and opened the face to pick the gap in the covers and collect one;
7.4;?;Swann to Clarke, no run flighted a touch again, Clarke drives firmly back to Swann who fields;
7.3;1;Swann to Hussey, 1 run nicely bowled, slower and outside off stump, Hussey stretches forward and guides to long off;
7.2;1;Swann to Clarke, 1 run pitched up this time, Clarke comes down the wicket and guides to long on for one;
7.1;1;Swann to Hussey, 1 run tentative start from Swann, flat and quick on off stump, Hussey cuts to deep point for a single;
6.6;4;Bresnan to Clarke, FOUR runs not a great ball this and Clarke punishes him, short but slower, sits up for Clarke who pulls past mid on for the second boundary of the innings;
6.5;1;Bresnan to Hussey, 1 run Hussey looking to create some momentum, gets on the back foot and swipes, with no timing, down to mid on for a single;
6.4;1;Bresnan to Clarke, 1 run good ball this, back of a length and Clarke stands tall and pushes towards point for a single;
6.3;2;Bresnan to Clarke, 2 runs angled too far down leg this time, Clarke carefully pulls it down to a sliding deep square fielder who keeps it to a couple;
6.2;1lb;Bresnan to Hussey, 1 leg bye Hussey can't quite find his range at the moment, this was arrowed down the leg side, but he couldn't get the flick away and it comes off the pads for a leg bye;
6.1;1;Bresnan to Clarke, 1 run Bresnan back into the attack, Clarke greets him with a nurdle to leg side for one;
5.6;?;Broad to Hussey, no run Hussey skips leg side and smites, but straight to cover;
5.5;?;Broad to Hussey, no run pressure building here, Hussey again looking to manufacture something, edging leg side of the ball and trying to guide it away, but can't pierce the field;
5.4;?;Broad to Hussey, no run good intent from Broad, really sprinting in and banging the ball in short of a good length, Hussey skips back and defends;
5.3;?;Broad to Hussey, no run nothing fancy this time from Hussey, carefully defending off the back foot;
5.2;?;Broad to Hussey, no run Hussey looking for something here, edging leg side and trying to upper-cut for a boundary, good plan given the length England are bowling, but it zips past the top edge;
5.1;1;Broad to Clarke, 1 run good cricket all round here, good length on off stump, Clarke pushes to mid off and collects a sharp single;
4.6;?;Sidebottom to Hussey, no run top finish to the over, bang on a length and line, Hussey can only push gently to the cover fielder;
4.5;1;Sidebottom to Clarke, 1 run good carry from a decent length, arrowed into Clarke's hip, he flicks airily down to deep square for a single;
4.4;?;Sidebottom to Clarke, no run good line from Sidebottom, back of a length, but just outside off, Clarke guides it to point;
4.3;1lb;Sidebottom to Hussey, 1 leg bye Hussey hanging on his back foot, no need to get forward at all here, and this shortish ball is tickled to short fine leg for a single;
4.2;1;Sidebottom to Clarke, 1 run better ball this time, on and around off stump, Clarke stands tall and pushes towards point for an easy single;
4.1;4;Sidebottom to Clarke, FOUR runs well, finally, the first four of the match, short and into Clarke's body, this is a bit of a gimme, he turns away behind him for an easy boundary;
3.6;1;Broad to Clarke, 1 run oh dear! Push and go again from Clarke and almost trouble. Clarke called Hussey through for a single that wasn't there, Lumb ran in from cover and once again flicked an under-arm throw, this time though, he missed the stumps. Would have been out;
3.5;?;Broad to Clarke, no run lucky this for Broad. Dug in short, Clarke pulls but picks out the one fielder - short fine leg;
3.5;1w;Broad to Clarke, 1 wide this was a real short ball, zipped over the crouching Clarke, given a wide. Predictably, Broad moans a touch, but it seemed fair enough;
3.4;2;Broad to Clarke, 2 runs very nicely played by Clarke here, another shortish ball and he was waiting on the back foot and picked a gap in front of midwicket to push for a couple;
3.3;1;Broad to Hussey, 1 run short again from Broad, clear plan by the looks of things, Hussey gets deep into his crease, rides the bounce and drops the ball into the off side and collects a sharp single;
3.2;1;Broad to Clarke, 1 run shorter this time, angled into the body, Clarke turns it to midwicket easily enough for a calm single;
3.1;?;Broad to Clarke, no run starts well enough, fullish and on off stump, Clarke very positively strides into the ball and drives firmly to cover;
2.6;?;Sidebottom to Hussey, no run beaten! Real nip of the pitch here, climbing off a decent length outside off and rushing past the edge of Hussey's hanging bat;
2.5;?;Sidebottom to Hussey, no run good again from Sidebottom, fuller this time, and finding enough swing into the batsman to bring caution, Hussey pushes to the covers where Lumb races in to field;
2.4;?;Sidebottom to Hussey, no run excellent stuff, swinging in a touch, bang on off and middle, Hussey defends very carefully from the crease;
2.3;1;Sidebottom to Clarke, 1 run dug in shortish again, not many pitched up, but the pitch is zipping through, and Clarke nurdles it down to short fine leg for a quick single;
2.2;1;Sidebottom to Hussey, 1 run very carefully played this by David Hussey, it was on a length and aimed around off stump, Hussey watches it on to the bat and guides it down to third man for a single;
2.1;W;Sidebottom to Haddin, OUT Sidebottom strikes again! Australia lose another wicket! Short and down the leg side from Sidebottom, hardly a great ball, but Haddin swung hard at it and it came off what looks like the thigh, Kieswetter took an excellent catch high to his left. Great catch but very unlucky for Haddin;Brad Haddin c ?Kieswetter b Sidebottom 1 (2m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
1.6;1;Bresnan to Haddin, 1 run oh dear, indecision again from Clarke, Haddin guided it to short third man and Clarke called a very close single, this time though, the throw missed the stumps. High drama and nerves already!;
1.5;W;Bresnan to Clarke, OUT Warner gone this time! England on fire, Clarke pushes a good-length ball to cover, and then attempts a single, Warner tares down but Lumb swooped in and under-armed his throw on to the stumps at the strikers end to leave Warner well short of his ground;David Warner run out (Lumb) 2 (11m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
1.4;?;Bresnan to Clarke, no run Bresnan really holding his nerve here, banging it in just short of a length on a good line, and Clarke defends;
1.3;1;Bresnan to Warner, 1 run Warner hangs on the back foot and pulls this, from a fullish length really, through square leg for a single;
1.2;?;Bresnan to Warner, no run Warner itching to get things going, giving himself a touch of room and looking to scythe this through the off side, it gets a touch big on him and he can't time it;
1.1;?;Bresnan to Warner, no run good start from Bresnan, nippy and bang on a length and line, Warner skipped back and tried to force it on to the leg side, but it was on him too quickly;
0.6;?;Sidebottom to Clarke, no run good finish to the over, full and straight, Clarke defends back to the bowler, who fields in his follow through;
0.6;1w;Sidebottom to Clarke, 1 wide another one shoved in down the leg side, Clarke attempted to fiddle it away, but misses and it's another wide;
0.5;1;Sidebottom to Warner, 1 run dug in and angled towards Warner's body, he hops back and works it to square leg for a single;
0.4;1;Sidebottom to Clarke, 1 run gets his line better this time, fuller and on middle, Clarke flicks it round the corner to fine leg to get off the mark;
0.4;1w;Sidebottom to Clarke, 1 wide poor start from Sidebottom to Clarke, well down the leg side and a gentle wide;
0.3;W;Sidebottom to Watson, OUT gone! Sidebottom strikes! Watson flashes at a short and widish ball, flies off the top edge to Kieswetter, who can't quite hold on, bounces off his gloves and Swann takes the rebound! Massive breakthrough for England.;Shane Watson c Swann b Sidebottom 2 (3m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
0.2;?;Sidebottom to Watson, no run good adjustment from Sidebottom, pitches up, hint of swing into the batsman, Watson rocks forward and defends;
0.1;2;Sidebottom to Watson, 2 runs all action start, Sidebottom lands it on about half way down, good line, Watson pulls off the front foot, without much timing towards the deep midwicket boundary for a couple;

11.25am Here come the players, Collingwood and Pietersen having a long chat as the field spreads. Watson will take strike to Sidebottom. Bring. It. On.
11.20am Goodness me, they're doing national anthems. Not sure it's ever suited cricket really. Lots of mumbling from the players, apart from Graeme Swann, who is belting it out.
11.15am Jaydeep has his own one-liner on proceedings. "Guys, Hold you nerves. It's 'The founders vs The Dominators' of cricket. It will be a thrilling contest." Zaqie reckons: "England had made a mistalke by opting to field. Australians are always huge target setters in big matches!", while everyone's favourite rocket scientist Mark Kidger says: "Definitely the right decision to chase. Pakistan were mugged at the death; if we are chasing we will have more control over our destiny."
11.05am According to Ian Bishop, who knows a bit about pace and bounce, the pitch is a touch drier than the ones we've seen through this tournament, it may be a touch slower but won't be lacking carry at all. I wonder if Australia's unbelievable semi-final chase played any role in England opting to field first.
Comparing those sides, you see where the strengths lies. At six and seven coming out for Australia is Cameron White and Michael Hussey - England have Luke Wright and Tim Bresnan. That said, England have five frontline bowlers while Australia have to make the best of Clarke, Shane Watson and Steven Smith's offerings.
11.00am Right, first blood to Collingwood! England have won the toss and will bowl first. Collingwood reckons the pitch looks good but won't change in character as the day goes on. Both teams are unchanged so will line up like this:
Australia 1 Shane Watson, 2 David Warner, 3 Brad Haddin (wk), 4 Michael Clarke (capt), 5 David Hussey, 6 Cameron White, 7 Michael Hussey, 8 Steven Smith, 9 Mitchell Johnson, 10 Dirk Nannes, 11 Shaun Tait.
England 1 Michael Lumb, 2 Craig Kieswetter (wk), 3 Kevin Pietersen, 4 Paul Collingwood (capt), 5 Eoin Morgan, 6 Luke Wright, 7 Tim Bresnan, 8 Graeme Swann, 9 Michael Yardy, 10 Stuart Broad, 11 Ryan Sidebottom.
10.50am Excitingly we have a Cricket Radio channel, where you can hear commentary from this game. Sadly, if you're in India, South Africa, Australia or New Zealand, you won't be able to access this service due to rights restrictions. But fear not, you have us instead. While we wait for the toss, which should be in about ten minutes, you could always have a look at Andrew Miller and Peter English's preview.
10.45am "The crowd is slowly building, the consensus among the locals seems to be they'll support England today," says Gnasher. "Meanwhile, Colly and the team get a huge cheer from the fans as they run a lap of the outfield."
10.20am Hello one and all, I'm thrilled to welcome you to Cricinfo's coverage of the World Twenty20 final. It's England v Australia in the world cup final and, for all the qualms over the shortest format, it rarely comes bigger than this.
I'm Sahil Dutta and I'll be joined by Liam Brickhill to bring all the ball-by-ball coverage, Andrew Miller will be scribing bulletins and Andrew McGlashan will be battling the heat and tension in Barbados to drop in with some wisdom of his own as the game unfolds.
There's aching anticipation here. Andy Flower has calmly taken the rabble of English limited-overs cricket and turned them into a powerful and inventive side bristling with confidence and hoping to break their duck that stretches back to 1975 in ICC events. Australia, under Michael Clarke, have finally decided to take Twenty20 seriously and have a side packed with testosterone and self belief that borders on delusional and are looking to complete the set having bagged the 50-over World Cup and Champions Trophy. Added to the mix is a Barbados pitch that recalls a heady time when wickets were prepared for spectators not CEOs and has had pace, carry and spin to favour all aspects of the game through this tournament.
Gnasher McGlashan already has his first scoop of the day - telling us "It's warm and sunny as the teams start their warm-ups."
The excitement is getting to me so if you fancy reading your own ramblings check out our Facebook page, but I desperately implore you, stick to chatting about cricket, it's why we're all here. If, for whatever hideous reason, you're forced to leave us, you can stay up to date with our Twitter wicket alerts.
 Innings Start
So, hugs, handshakes and backslaps all round as England have won their first world title in cricket! They were picked out as the dark horses to win this tournament, and after a stuttering, rain-affected start to the group stages, they hit their stride superbly in the Super Eights, winning all their games in that stage, followed by a thumping win in the semi-finals over Sri Lanka. The England dug-out leapt as one when the winning runs were hit, chasing their victorious captain down and quickly surrounding him in a joyous team huddle. The England celebrations will surely go on long into the night in Bridgetown.
Spare a thought for the Australians. They were the team to beat in this tournament, and England were the only ones to manage that feat! They were utterly dominant in the group stages and Super Eights. Their self belief and a magical innings from Michael Hussey powered them to a stunning win in the semi-final over Pakistan, but they have not been at their best today. England looked and played like the more professional side, and they are deserving champions.
"I dont know about England Government, but I declare National Holiday for Tomorrow!" says Asim in.... the U.S. "Enjoy First ever ICC world cup."
Craig Kieswetter gets the Man of the Match award: "I wouldn't say it was easy, but its nice to get runs in a final. KP took the pressure off, allowed me to play quite freely. A lot of work still needs to be done on my keeping, and I'll be putting in some hard yards in at Taunton."
Kevin Pietersen gets the Player of the Tournament award, with 248 runs in the competition. "A pretty interesting week for me, a little kid on Monday and this trophy today. This is for the whole team. Winning is a habit you create, and this team is hungry for success. What a great, great tournament, good for the boys. It's never easy playing Australia, but our bowlers did a great job this morning and 150 wasn't enough."
Paul Collingwood, victorious captain, on the win: "It's right up there, its got to be, this is the first world cup we've ever won. We've got some good players in the side, and with the work ethic we've had this year I think we're starting to see the results on the pitch. We're getting there, and we have today."
"When you want to be the best you've got to beat the best. When we got them three wickets down early doors, we gave ourselves a great opportunity. We want to kick on from this. This is the first trophy we've ever won, we're going to enjoy it, we'r going to savour it."
A stunning effort from an England unit that, under Andy Flower, are gelling into a competitive unit in every form of the game. They deserve to be lauded for their performance in this tournament. But that's not all the action from the Caribbean today, folks! We have the women's final, between Australia and New Zealand, coming up, so stick with Cricinfo! So after a short break and a nice cup of tea, it'll be Liam Brickhill, Sahil Dutta and Andrew Miller (who has completed his bulletin) to bring you live commentary from that game.
16.6;1;Watson to PD Collingwood, 1 run it's all over! Smashed away past midwicket, and England are the winners of the ICC World Twenty20 2010!!;
16.5;4;Watson to PD Collingwood, FOUR runs they're level! Collingwood aims a full-blooded swing to the leg side, somewhat inside-edging it and the ball scoots away to the fine leg boundary;
16.4;?;Watson to PD Collingwood, no run a bouncer is the reply from a disgruntled Watto, and Collingwood can't get it away;
16.3;6;Watson to PD Collingwood, SIX runs six runs! What a shot! Collingwood is confidently into a front-foot pull, sending the ball sailing way over the fielder at square leg. He took him on, and beat him there;
16.2;1;Watson to Morgan, 1 run chopped down just fine of the keeper, Colly calls him through for a quick single;
16.1;2;Watson to Morgan, 2 runs big shot from Morgan! He heaved to leg, but top-edged. The fielder couldn't get around in time though, and despite a diving effort couldn't get close to taking the catch. They run two amidst the drama;
15.6;1;Smith to Morgan, 1 run another wrong 'un, but he's picked it this time, chopping the ball behind square to keep strike;
15.5;?;Smith to Morgan, no run Morgan dances down the track but turns the ball into a yorker in the process, no run;
15.4;2;Smith to Morgan, 2 runs two more! Great running as a quicker, flatter ball is punched out on the leg side;
15.3;2;Smith to Morgan, 2 runs two runs this time, as Morgan works the ball into a big space between long on and midwicket;
15.2;6;Smith to Morgan, SIX runs six runs! A pressure-relieving shot, to be sure. Morgan went to the slog sweep and executed the shot to perfection.;
15.1;?;Smith to Morgan, no run wrong 'un! Not picked by Morgan, who had come down the track to try and flick to leg. He was lucky that he got his body behind that;
14.6;1;Johnson to Morgan, 1 run on the pads and slapped away, one-handed, on the leg side for one;
14.6;1w;Johnson to Morgan, 1 wide well, that spoils what was a top-class over. Johnson fires one down the leg side, and Umpire Doctrove gets to stretch his arms;
14.5;?;Johnson to Morgan, no run very full and tapped gently to mid off;
14.4;?;Johnson to Morgan, no run beaten again outside off stump! Slightly fuller and Morgan flashed nervously outside off again, hitting only fresh air;
14.3;?;Johnson to Morgan, no run ooh, nerves! Hurled down on a length, Morgan was neither forward nor back and he had a little nervous fiddle outside off stump. Lucky not to get anything on that;
14.2;?;Johnson to Morgan, no run Johnson goes full from over the wicket, and Morgan drives watchfully to mid off;
14.1;W;Johnson to Kieswetter, OUT what on earth happened there? Kieswetter gave himself acres of space as he backed away to leg, with Johnson coming round the wicket, and the bowler simply speared one in full and straight. Kieswetter must've been fooled by the angle, because he didn't even try to hit that. Just left alone, and the ball made a mess of the stumps.;Craig Kieswetter b Johnson 63 (72m 49b 7x4 2x6) SR: 128.57;
13.6;1;Smith to Kieswetter, 1 run slipping too far down leg, despite the turn on offer, and he's clipped square for one;
13.5;?;Smith to Kieswetter, no run punched off the back foot, but the diving cover fielder cuts if off to negate the run;
13.4;?;Smith to Kieswetter, no run Kieswetter stretches out to defend a flighted delivery back down the pitch;
13.3;1;Smith to PD Collingwood, 1 run drifting into his pads there, and Colly is unapologetically nurdling already to pick up one just wide of midwicket;
13.2;1;Smith to Kieswetter, 1 run too short, too wide, and Kieswetter stays back to slap that out to cover;
13.1;W;Smith to Pietersen, OUT Pietersen goes! Smith strikes! The batsman was on the charge straight away, looking to hit the ball into orbit down the ground. He hit too far across the line though, with the ball turning from leg to off, getting underneath it. Long off circled beneath the chance, setting himself and holding on to a swirling chance;Kevin Pietersen c Warner b Smith 47 (59m 31b 4x4 1x6) SR: 151.61;
12.6;1;Nannes to Pietersen, 1 run punched down the ground by Pietersen, and the target is now 30 from 42. Should be easy. Should.;
12.5;1lb;Nannes to Kieswetter, 1 leg bye close! Kieswetter shuffled right across to the off side this time, swiping to leg, and Nannes fired in a very full fast ball. Huge appeal for lbw, but not given. Replays suggest that was hitting middle halfway up, so a very lucky break for Kieswetter there;
12.4;1;Nannes to Pietersen, 1 run pushed into space on the off side, and they pick up another easy single with the field spread. No pressure on these two now, it'll be a miracle if Australia can claw their way back;
12.3;1;Nannes to Kieswetter, 1 run slapped through the covers this time, and the sweeper runs in to field;
12.2;6;Nannes to Kieswetter, SIX runs one-handed! He's hit that one-handed! Kieswetter backed away and Nannes followed him this time, but was swung cleanly into the crowd behind square on the leg side. What a shot.;
12.1;4;Nannes to Kieswetter, FOUR runs they just can't plug the gaps! Wherever a fielder is moved from, that's where the ball is hit. Third man is up, and Kieswetter backs away to slash Nannes up and over him;
11.6;1;Tait to Kieswetter, 1 run and that'll be Kieswetter's fifty! Short and wide, slapped out to cover point to reach a fluent fifty;
11.5;1;Tait to Pietersen, 1 run predictably, he slips short this time but Pietersen is waiting for it, and pulls out to deep square leg;
11.4;6;Tait to Pietersen, SIX runs what can you do when a batsman is hitting them like this? The ball was pitched up again, full and very fast, and Pietersen swung cleanly, opening the face just a touch, to send the ball sailing way, way over long off.;
11.4;1w;Tait to Pietersen, 1 wide is Tait flustered here? He aims for the yorker but it slips out way down leg;
11.3;4;Tait to Pietersen, FOUR runs have that! Tait has steamed in and Pietersen has lifted him straight back over his head, nonchalantly. Four runs, and a more imposing shot you will not see;
11.2;1;Tait to Kieswetter, 1 run Kieswetter stays very deep in the crease and leg side of the ball, working a full delivery away on the leg side. They think about pushing for two, briefly;
11.1;1;Tait to Pietersen, 1 run full and on the toes to start, and flicked away to deep square leg;
10.6;?;Watson to Kieswetter, no run swinging full toss dished up this time, but Kieswetter can't get anything on it;
10.5;4;Watson to Kieswetter, FOUR runs Watto is being systematically targeted here, they're going hard at everything and this time he's been flashed up and over third man - who was in - for yet another boundary. England are coasting now, and Kieswetter is nearing what could be a world cup-winning 50!;
10.4;2;Watson to Kieswetter, 2 runs alarming running from England, as the ball was mis-timed to the leg side and they scampered a mad two. Better fielding could have seen Kieswetter run out there, but the throw from the outfield went to the wrong end;
10.3;6;Watson to Kieswetter, SIX runs big hit! How has he hit that? The ball was full and Kieswetter swung hard through the line. It looked like a straight top edge, but somehow the ball just kept on going, eventually plummeting down in the crowd beyond cow corner;
10.2;1;Watson to Pietersen, 1 run goes fuller again, and Pietersen nudges to leg to collect one;
10.2;1w;Watson to Pietersen, 1 wide Watto sends down the bouncer but that's dug in way too short;
10.1;2;Watson to Pietersen, 2 runs was that a drop? If it was, it was a very hard chance. Pietersen swung a half volley to the leg side, but hit the ball in the air. Johnson was at a straight midwickets and reached down but couldn't quite get a hand underneath it;
9.6;?;Johnson to Kieswetter, no run oh my, how did that miss the stumps? Kieswetter back away to fly-swat the ball away but Johnson fired in a searing yorker that dipped under the bat and just nipped past the off stump;
9.5;1;Johnson to Pietersen, 1 run pitched wide of off and angling wider, driven out to the cover sweeper;
9.4;1;Johnson to Kieswetter, 1 run well, Kieswetter heaves mightily to leg as Johnson comes round the wicket, but he's just tried to hit it too hard and ended up toeing it to nowhere;
9.3;1;Johnson to Pietersen, 1 run pushed down to long off, and they amble through for a single;
9.2;1;Johnson to Kieswetter, 1 run Kieswetter backs away and flaps, the ball comes off the inside edge and just wide of mid on, allowing them to steal a run;
9.1;1;Johnson to Pietersen, 1 run imperious stuff from Pietersen, who walked down at Johnson and hammered him straight back down the ground. The fielder on the ropes is fairly straight though, so cut off;
8.6;4;Watson to Kieswetter, FOUR runs ooh, and Watto is disconsolate now as he dishes up a short, wide long hop and is crunched away in the air behind point. No stopping that one!;
8.5;4;Watson to Kieswetter, FOUR runs well, after the great effort from Mike, his brother David has let the side down a little with this attempts. The ball was full and hammered just wide of mid off. Hussey should have cut it off easily, but fell right over the ball without stopping it;
8.4;?;Watson to Kieswetter, no run Kieswetter comes down the track this time - with Haddin standing up - and just about yorks himself in the process;
8.3;2;Watson to Kieswetter, 2 runs width offered by Watson this time, and Kieswetter flashes him away behind square on the off side. A diving Mike Hussey saves two runs on the boundary though, great fielding effort;
8.2;?;Watson to Kieswetter, no run Watto goes full again, perhaps looking for a hint of swing, and is driven firmly but straight to mid off;
8.1;2;Watson to Kieswetter, 2 runs under-edged down to third man to start, Nannes sprints round to cut it off;
7.6;4;Smith to Pietersen, FOUR runs great end to the over, for England! Flighted on off stump and Pietersen came out to drive, nailing the shot between the fielders on the off side to find the boundary.;
7.5;1;Smith to Kieswetter, 1 run stays deep in the crease this time, as Smith pitches this one just a touch short and is pushed away off the back foot;
7.4;?;Smith to Kieswetter, no run Kieswetter uses his feet, charging aggressively down the track but driving straight to the cover fielder;
7.3;1;Smith to Pietersen, 1 run tossed up again and wide of off this time, Pietersen chops the ball out to the cover sweeper;
7.2;?;Smith to Pietersen, no run Pietersen's just having a little look before he goes, stretching forward in watchful defence first up;
7.1;1;Smith to Kieswetter, 1 run too straight to start, and Kieswetter gets across his stumps to work the ball behind square on the leg side;
6.6;4;Johnson to Pietersen, FOUR runs thumped. Johnson went full and wide and Pietersen certainly didn't miss out on the chance, absolutely hammering a drive past the cover fielders and away to the boundary. The fielders were mere spectators there, barely moved as the ball raced away;
6.5;2;Johnson to Pietersen, 2 runs fuller this time, and punched down the ground for two;
6.4;?;Johnson to Pietersen, no run and again, Johnson beats bat and strikes thigh pad as Pietersen can't get it away;
6.3;?;Johnson to Pietersen, no run zoning in on Pietersen's thigh pad and tucking him up quite nicely. No run;
6.2;1;Johnson to Kieswetter, 1 run pushed down the ground, where mid off sprints back to cut the ball off and save at least two runs;
6.1;1;Johnson to Pietersen, 1 run Johnson steams in and digs one in back of a length, Pietersen shapes to tuck the ball to leg but is surprised by the pace and bounce and the ball takes the leading edge, ending up behind square on the off side;
5.6;?;Nannes to Kieswetter, no run rip-snorter of a bouncer to finish the over, rising past Kieswetter's grille as he buckles his knees to get out of the way;
5.5;1;Nannes to Pietersen, 1 run banged in short, Pietersen pulls it away, taking the bottom hand off the bat as he does so. No power in the shot, but they collect one as the ball rolls into the gap;
5.4;?;Nannes to Pietersen, no run sharp yorker from Nannes! That was really quick and right on the mark, and Pietersen only just managed to get his bat down on time;
5.3;1;Nannes to Kieswetter, 1 run Kieswetter follows suit, opening the face on the bat to run the ball down to third man;
5.2;1;Nannes to Pietersen, 1 run off the outer edge of the blade and down to third man;
5.1;2;Nannes to Pietersen, 2 runs on a length and Pietersen swivelled to muscle it across the line and out to the deep midwicket fielder;
4.6;1;Johnson to Pietersen, 1 run pushed softly to mid off, and they sprint through for one. KP keeps strike;
4.5;4;Johnson to Pietersen, FOUR runs thrashed! Looked like a slower cutter again and Pietersen stood up tall to slap the ball through the covers. Pietersen has hit his stride early and looks in ominous touch here;
4.4;?;Johnson to Pietersen, no run finds his radar this time, hurling down a length ball on middle and leg, which Pietersen nudges gently to mid on;
4.4;5w;Johnson to Pietersen, 5 wide and the change of angle has done him. That started wide of leg and went further, beating a diving Brad Haddin and away to the boundary;
4.3;1;Johnson to Kieswetter, 1 run he aimed for the cutter there, but it came out slightly wrong, wide of off, and Kieswetter just opened the face on it to collect one to third man;
4.2;?;Johnson to Kieswetter, no run back of a length stuff, hitting the deck hard, and Kieswetter is back and across in defence;
4.1;1;Johnson to Pietersen, 1 run a length ball pitching middle and off is punched into the off side and they scamper a quick run;
3.6;?;Tait to Kieswetter, no run pitched up again and on the leg, Kieswetter nudges to leg but square cuts it off;
3.5;4;Tait to Kieswetter, FOUR runs what a sensational shot! Kieswetter stayed deep in the crease as Tait went full and absolutely laced a lofted drove over the offside field. That screamed to the boundary, top shot;
3.4;?;Tait to Kieswetter, no run Tait unleashes a brutal bumper as Kieswetter backs away and tries to flay through the off side. The ball reared up and over the bat though, and the close fielders are just having a word in his ear now;
3.3;?;Tait to Kieswetter, no run attempted yorker from Tait, but it turned into a full toss. Still, that was mighty fast and Kieswetter couldn't get anything but a boot on it. Slipping way down leg though, no appeal;
3.2;3;Tait to Pietersen, 3 runs slower cutter from Tait this time, pitched up and on the legs and Pietersen flicks him away in the air infront of square. The fielder chases it down before the rope however;
3.1;2;Tait to Pietersen, 2 runs dug in halfway down by Tait, but Pietersen isn't in the least bit flustered. He just stood up tall and thumped it away off the back foot between midwicket and mid on;
2.6;?;Nannes to Kieswetter, no run Nannes reverts to back of a length. Kieswetter looks to work it down to third man, but can't get the ball away;
2.5;4;Nannes to Kieswetter, FOUR runs well, the break hasn't hurt Kieswetter at all! Pitched up again from Nannes, and wide of off stump too and Kieswetter just leaned forward into a sumptuous cover drive. Great shot, and England are up and running again;
2.4;4;Nannes to Kieswetter, FOUR runs yep, much happier with the ball pitched up is Kieswetter. This one was full and on the legs and he flicked it up and over wide mid on for a counter-punching boundary;
2.3;?;Nannes to Kieswetter, no run Kieswetter is looking a little rattled out there now, this was short of a length again and he backed away a touch but didn't really move his feet apart from that, swishing airily outside off as the ball whizzed past;
2.2;?;Nannes to Kieswetter, no run and again! This one was slightly shorter, giving Kieswetter a millisecond longer to react and sway out of the way, but a sharp bouncer all the same;
2.1;?;Nannes to Kieswetter, no run sharp bouncer from Nannes! Banged in half way down, and Kieswetter ducked out of the way just in the nick of time;
1.6;?;Tait to Pietersen, no run a touch of swing from Tait there as he flung the ball down on a length, but KP got firmly behind it and immediately found the middle of the bat as he pushed the ball firmly to mid off;
1.5;W;Tait to Lumb, OUT Gone! Tait strikes in his first over! It was pitched up, taking Lumb somewhat by surprise. He whipped meatily to leg, getting a good connection to the shot, but hit it uppishly and straight to a wide-ish mid on, who clung on gratefully!;Michael Lumb c Hussey b Tait 2 (6m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
1.4;1;Tait to Kieswetter, 1 run sharp single, drop and run from England's openers;
1.3;2;Tait to Kieswetter, 2 runs timing from Kieswetter! He was expecting the short ball and was very deep in the crease. The ball was hurled down on a length and he aimed a defensive push through the off side, finding the gap nicely and timing it too;
1.2;?;Tait to Kieswetter, no run dug in, but Kieswetter is back and across in a flash to tuck him firmly to square leg, but straight to the fielder;
1.1;1;Tait to Lumb, 1 run back of a length to start, half-guided off the outer half of the bat down to third man. Pacy start;
0.6;2;Nannes to Kieswetter, 2 runs Kieswetter didn't know much about that one! It was short, delivered from wide of the crease and the batsman was back into the pull shot. The ball reared up though, taking the edge and looping up and over the off side field;
0.5;?;Nannes to Kieswetter, no run Nannes is really steaming in here, good pace tucks Kieswetter up as he shapes to nudge to leg but is forced into a hurried defensive stroke at the very last moment;
0.4;?;Nannes to Kieswetter, no run Kieswetter is firmly behind the ball this time, getting back and across to defend back down the pitch with the straightest of bats;
0.3;?;Nannes to Kieswetter, no run beaten again, this is a great opening over from Nannes! Angling across Kieswetter from wide of the crease and beating his defensive prod with movement away from the bat;
0.2;1;Nannes to Lumb, 1 run edged! High and wide of where a third or fourth slip would have been, but a definite edge down to third man, who makes a good, tumbling stop;
0.1;?;Nannes to Lumb, no run ooh, straight away Nannes has beaten the bat. On a length, just outside off and Lumb flashed leaden-footed at it.;

Thanks Sahil. So, it'll be Lumb and Kieswetter v Nannes and Tait to start. Everything is in place for a cracking second innings to this game. England's openers will go hard at the Australians from the start to keep the pressure on them.
A short wait is over, the players are out in the middle and we're all set for England's chase. Put your seatbelts on, kids!
 Innings Start
Australia
England
Final, Bridgetown, May 16 2010, ICC World Twenty20
147/6
148/3
Player of the match is Craig Kieswetter, ENG
England won by 7 wickets (with 18 balls remaining)
