Data
8.45pm What an innings from Kohli. You usually see a 90 in T20, and you assumed there would be at least one slog, one mis-hit, one fancy shot, but this has been all almost traditional risk-free batting, and still at a strike rate 164. It has taken India to what seems like a par total. We will be back with the chase soon
19.6;2;Faulkner to Kohli, 2 runs full toss, on the pads, hit wide of long-on for a couple. Kohli ends with a superlative 90;
19.5;1;Faulkner to Dhoni, 1 run yorker, middle and leg, dug out to deep midwicket. Kohli wants the second, but Dhoni sends him back;
19.4;4;Faulkner to Dhoni, FOUR runs Kohli won't get a century. Wide length ball, and Dhhoni goes hard at it, and sends it over point for a four. Dhoni 10 off 2;
19.3;6;Faulkner to Dhoni, SIX runs length ball on the pads, and Dhoni has gone deep into the crease to drill this over cow corner for a six first ball. Straight out of the screws;
19.2;W;Faulkner to Raina, OUT Raina moves too far across and is bowled by a straight full toss. He has premeditated the ramp, but as he is bringing his bat across it hits the ground and gets a bit stuck there. Too late on the ball then;Suresh Raina b Faulkner 41 (63m 34b 3x4 1x6) SR: 120.58;
19.1;1;Faulkner to Kohli, 1 run full, into the pads, drilled away to deep midwicket for one;
18.6;1;Kane Richardson to Kohli, 1 run down the wicket, yorks himself, hits this hard at Richardson, and takes a single off the ricochet. Could have gone for the second but decides against it. Thirteen to go to the hundred;
18.5;2;Kane Richardson to Kohli, 2 runs slower short ball but again too far down the leg side. Deflected past short fine leg for two;
18.4;2;Kane Richardson to Kohli, 2 runs yorker, dug out to long-on, and because it has gone off pace towards the fielder they steal the second. Had Richardson been behind the stumps he could have run Raina out;
18.3;4;Kane Richardson to Kohli, FOUR runs short of a length, slower ball, but too straight with fine leg inside the circle. Kohli just deflects this square of that short fine leg;
18.2;1;Kane Richardson to Raina, 1 run another low full toss, driven to deep cover;
18.1;4;Kane Richardson to Raina, FOUR runs goes for the wide yorker, gives him a low full toss, which Raina has steered past point. Tait's effort from third man is stiff. Concedes the boundary;
15.6;?;Tait to Kohli, no run nearly a yorker, dug out to extra cover. They decide against the single;
15.5;1lb;Tait to Raina, 1 leg bye slower offcutter, hits the pad, goes for a legbye. Stifled appeal for lbw because this has clearly pitched outside leg;
15.5;1w;Tait to Raina, 1 wide Raina moves inside the line again, Tait bounces him down the leg side. Another wide;
15.4;1;Tait to Kohli, 1 run rapid short ball, pulled to long-on for one;
15.3;1;Tait to Raina, 1 run slower full toss, driven to deep cover;
15.3;1w;Tait to Raina, 1 wide Raina moves inside the line anticipating the bouncer. Tait bowls one but well down the leg side;
15.2;1;Tait to Kohli, 1 run yorker this time, dug out for one;
15.1;6;Tait to Kohli, SIX runs and Kohli picks on the short square boundary. This is a small six, a parallel six. Picks it up off the toes. A length ball really. Uses all the pace of Tait to flick it over square leg;
14.6;1;Watson to Kohli, 1 run driven to deep cover for one;
14.5;4;Watson to Kohli, FOUR runs another superb shot. This is a length ball, around off, and Kohli has wristed it wide of long-on. Again there is a small gap between long-on and cow corner, but he has found it;
14.4;4;Watson to Kohli, FOUR runs makes room to drive this full ball all along the carpet for a four. To the right of extra cover and to the left of long-off. That is a small gap. Really small gap. Kohli has pierced it;
14.3;?;Watson to Kohli, no run lovely slower bouncer, Kohli's hook is beaten, but he is not happy with the call to not wide it. Again touch and go as it was in the last over. Wided last over, fine this time;
14.2;1;Watson to Raina, 1 run full and fast, beats Raina's slog, goes for a leg-bye;
14.1;1;Watson to Kohli, 1 run short of a length, slower ball, runs it to short third;
17.6;1;Faulkner to Raina, 1 run full, middle and leg, nearly a yorker, dug out to deep midwicket;
17.5;1;Faulkner to Kohli, 1 run yorker, on the pads, goes off the front edge for one;
17.4;1;Faulkner to Raina, 1 run yorker, on off, dug out for one to point;
17.3;2;Faulkner to Raina, 2 runs full, middle and leg, driven wide of long-off;
17.2;6;Faulkner to Raina, SIX runs Raina targets the short square boundary, and he has absolutely smashed this. Slower ball, on a length, and he has slogged this right out of the screws;
17.1;1;Faulkner to Kohli, 1 run length ball on the pads, flicked away to deep square for one;
16.6;?;Kane Richardson to Raina, no run yorker, just outside off, Raina is moving all over the crease, and in the end he is beaten on the attempted steer;
16.5;1;Kane Richardson to Kohli, 1 run yorker, on off, dug out for one to deep cover;
16.4;2;Kane Richardson to Kohli, 2 runs Kohli down the wicket, beaten by a slower ball, but he manages to chip it over extra cover for two. Has recovered well again;
16.3;2;Kane Richardson to Kohli, 2 runs full toss on the pads with the fine leg inside the circle. Tait denies Richardson the death wish by diving and making a save at short fine leg;
16.2;2;Kane Richardson to Kohli, 2 runs slower ball, on a length, middle and leg, played with soft hands to long-on. Comes back for the second;
16.1;1;Kane Richardson to Raina, 1 run short of a length, outside off, punched to deep cover for a single that takes the partnership to 100;
13.6;?;Kane Richardson to Raina, no run moves inside the line of a length ball, works it to leg, but sends it straight to square leg;
13.5;1;Kane Richardson to Kohli, 1 run slower length ball, pushed past point for one;
13.4;?;Kane Richardson to Kohli, no run full toss outside off, Kohli has left the crease, which means he gets too close to it. Sends this back to Richardson;
13.3;2;Kane Richardson to Kohli, 2 runs full and low, pushed towards long-on with soft hands. Rushes back for the second, brings up the fifty. Kohli's golden run continues;
13.2;4;Kane Richardson to Kohli, FOUR runs this is even shorter, lets Kohli rocks back and cuts it past point for four;
13.1;4;Kane Richardson to Kohli, FOUR runs short of a length, wide, and Kohli plays a superb back-foot drive over cover for four. Really powerful;
12.6;?;Watson to Raina, no run full, just outside off, a yorker. Raina looks to steer it. Beaten on the outside edge;
12.5;1;Watson to Kohli, 1 run full outside off, driven to long-off for one;
12.4;4;Watson to Kohli, FOUR runs short of a length, Kohli is done in a little after having left this crease, but he recovers well t run this legcutter fine of short third leg;
12.3;1;Watson to Raina, 1 run short of a length, quick, hits the inside edge on to the pad;
12.3;1w;Watson to Raina, 1 wide slower bouncer, 123ks, called wide for height. Has to be touch and go on that;
12.2;?;Watson to Raina, no run skiddy short pull, hits the bottom edge on the pull. Rains is looking to drag this from outside off. Ends up playing it back to Watto;
12.1;1;Watson to Kohli, 1 run short, into the hip, punched away to long leg;
11.6;1;Boyce to Kohli, 1 run half-volley, on the pads, driven towards deep midwicket;
11.5;?;Boyce to Kohli, no run this legbreak doesn't turn, hits the inside half of the bat and goes back to Boyce;
11.4;1;Boyce to Raina, 1 run down the wicket to drag this to deep midwicket for one. Another mis-hit;
11.3;1;Boyce to Kohli, 1 run a better cleaner hit, along the ground to long-off for one;
11.2;6;Boyce to Kohli, SIX runs Kohli is not quite to pitch f this legbreak, he has not got this clean out of the screws, but he has backed his bat to send this over long-off. It just about evades that fielder;
11.1;1;Boyce to Raina, 1 run short of a length as Raina leaves the crease, pushed to deep midwicket;
10.6;2;Head to Kohli, 2 runs worked towards deep midwicket, and Raina steals the second. Seems Warner's throw has come to the wrong end, Raina's. It is Kohli who is a little slow in setting off for the second;
10.5;?;Head to Kohli, no run not to the pitch of the ball after jumping out of the crease, drives hard still, but Head makes a one-handed save to his left;
10.4;1;Head to Raina, 1 run down the wicket, mis-hits a flat ball to long-on for one;
10.3;1;Head to Kohli, 1 run length ball, on the pads, worked to deep midwicket for one;
10.2;4;Head to Kohli, FOUR runs short of a length, outside off, no turn, punched powerfully past extra cover for four;
10.1;1;Head to Raina, 1 run on the pads, doesn't turn much, helped around the corner;
9.6;1;Boyce to Raina, 1 run slog-sweeps but along the ground, gets a single to deep midwicket;
9.5;1;Boyce to Kohli, 1 run down the wicket, too close to the pitch of the ball, hits it hard but doesn't get any elevation. A single to long-off;
9.4;1;Boyce to Raina, 1 run down the wicket to take it on the full and drive it to long-off;
9.3;1;Boyce to Kohli, 1 run down the wicket, beaten in the flight, manages to play a drive to deep cover;
9.2;?;Boyce to Kohli, no run stays back to a length ball, the cut goes straight to point;
9.1;?;Boyce to Kohli, no run Kohli yorks himself by stepping out of the crease. Extra cover fields;
8.6;1;Faulkner to Kohli, 1 run not in control of the pull from head high, but it doesn't go up in the air. Gets a single to long leg;
8.5;1;Faulkner to Raina, 1 run slower full toss on the pads, helped away towards short fine leg where Tait comes down on it like London Bridge;
8.4;?;Faulkner to Raina, no run slower legcutter, squares up Raina, who gets a thick edge towards point;
8.3;1;Faulkner to Kohli, 1 run down the wicket to drive this length ball to long-off for one;
8.2;1;Faulkner to Raina, 1 run slower ball, on off, steered away to third man;
8.1;4;Faulkner to Raina, FOUR runs and Raina goes after him right away. This is a Raina special. Down the wicket, and drives him inside-out, just out of the reach of the leaping Boyce at extra cover;
7.6;1;Boyce to Raina, 1 run short and wide, cut away to deep cover;
7.5;1;Boyce to Kohli, 1 run flatter, punched into the leg side;
7.4;4;Boyce to Kohli, FOUR runs Kohli is down the wicket, seems like he is half-beaten in the flight, but he manages to place the lifted drive over extra cover for four;
7.3;1;Boyce to Raina, 1 run front of the hand... full, pushed to long-on for one;
7.2;1;Boyce to Kohli, 1 run short of a length, cut away, Faulkner misfields at point to allow a single;
7.1;1;Boyce to Raina, 1 run shortish, Raina shapes up to pull, but the ball holds up a little. Raina adjusts well to punch it down to long-on;
6.6;?;Watson to Kohli, no run Kohli throws his bat at a shortish ball outside off, but is beaten. Doesn't quite get close to its line;
6.5;?;Watson to Kohli, no run short of a length, no room, pushed to mid-on;
6.4;1;Watson to Raina, 1 run full, outside off, pushed down to long-off for one;
6.3;2;Watson to Raina, 2 runs Raina mis-hits the hook, but he has opened up and deliberately tried to play it over midwicket where there are no fielders. Gets a couple;
6.2;?;Watson to Raina, no run short of a length, on off, defended with an open face;
6.1;1;Watson to Kohli, 1 run short of a length, on off, opens the face to third man for one;
5.6;4;Tait to Raina, FOUR runs Raina nearly walks into the trap. Moving away from the ball before it is let go, trying to get inside the line, expecting the bouncer, and then he fends it with a leg gully in place for just that. But he is lucky it has cleared the man there;
5.5;1;Tait to Kohli, 1 run short and wide, he is on his toes as he cuts this away to third man;
5.4;2;Tait to Kohli, 2 runs tucked away off the hip, fine of long leg, Faulkner runs around and puts a dive in to keep them down to two;
5.3;?;Tait to Kohli, no run full outswinger at 147KS, defended from the crease;
5.3;1w;Tait to Kohli, 1 wide another wide down the leg side. Short of a length, looks to tuck him up, but slides too far;
5.2;4;Tait to Kohli, FOUR runs short of a length, 151ks again, but provides Kohli that slightest bit of width. He has square-driven this on the up. Between point and cover-point;
5.1;?;Tait to Kohli, no run short of a length, 151ks, no room, defended from the crease;
5.1;1w;Tait to Kohli, 1 wide line goes wrong again. Wide down the leg side;
4.6;?;Watson to Raina, no run full outside off, pushed to mid-off. What an over from Watson;
4.5;W;Watson to S Dhawan, OUT two wickets in the first over for Watto. Those celebrations are back. Arms aloft. Slower bouncer, Dhawan shapes up to pull, but the ball hasn't arrived. He then looks to steer it, but is late on the attempt and the extra bounce takes the edge through to Wade;Shikhar Dhawan c ?Wade b Watson 5 (24m 8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 62.5;
4.4;?;Watson to S Dhawan, no run absolutely smashed it with a cover-drive, but he has hit this straight to extra cover;
4.3;?;Watson to S Dhawan, no run wide length ball, driven to cover;
4.2;1;Watson to Kohli, 1 run short of a length, outside off, steered to third man for one;
4.1;W;Watson to Rohit Sharma, OUT Welcome back Watto. He is celebrating again. He got a big wicket for Sydney Thunder in the BBL final not long ago, and he has got the big one. Sharma, who had nine lives, doesn't get another. The slower offcutter has been driven straight down the lap of mid-on;Rohit Sharma c Faulkner b Watson 31 (21m 20b 4x4 1x6) SR: 155;
3.6;1;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 1 run short of a length, punched away off the hip to deep square leg;
3.5;4;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs and here Sharma rubs salt into the wound. Plays a pick-up to a full ball over midwicket;
3.4;2;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs Boyce has dropped a sitter. The casino is just a walk from the Oval. Sharma should walk straight into the casino after the match. The head falls away as he slogs, and the top edge field towards third man where Boyce gets under it, but doesn't even get a hand to it. Total misjudgement;
3.3;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run legcutter, short of a length, beats Rohit's attempt to play the cut with that spongy bounce;
3.2;1;Faulkner to S Dhawan, 1 run wide half-volley, her is lucky he has a sweeper-cover to keep it to one;
3.1;1;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 1 run short of a length, slower ball, played off the hip for a single towards midwicket;
2.6;2lb;Tait to S Dhawan, 2 leg byes swinging yorker, but too straight, and is clipped away off the toes for a couple;
2.5;1;Tait to Rohit Sharma, 1 run this would have been a wide down the leg side, but Rohit plays at it, and gets a leading edge towards mid-on for one;
2.5;1w;Tait to Rohit Sharma, 1 wide short and wide, very wide, called a wide;
2.4;4;Tait to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs Richardson is being tested left, right and centre at long leg. Sharma cramped on the pull, he goes ahead with it, and just manages to place it fine of Richardson at long leg;
2.3;?;Tait to Rohit Sharma, no run beautiful outswinger. Nice dip on Sharma, he is not to the pitch of the ball is has his push beaten outside off;
2.3;1w;Tait to Rohit Sharma, 1 wide full and wide at 148ks, Sharma's drive is beaten by the outswing;
2.2;4;Tait to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs short of a length, wide, Sharma uses the pace of the ball and punches it through point. Between point and cover-point it goes;
2.1;?;Tait to Rohit Sharma, no run Sgarma misses out on a leg-side offering. Similar delivery to the one he had clipped for four last over. The ball hits the pad. Sharma wants a leg-bye but is sent back;
1.6;?;Kane Richardson to S Dhawan, no run lovely delivery. Short of a length, angling away, a bit of seam, and beats Dhawan's defence;
1.5;3;Kane Richardson to Rohit Sharma, 3 runs mis-hit, but a safe mis-hit. Rohit knows mid-off is up, gets a ball in his swinging zone, and just lobs it over mid-off;
1.4;?;Kane Richardson to Rohit Sharma, no run on a length, outside off, defended with an open face to point;
1.3;3;Kane Richardson to S Dhawan, 3 runs short ball, doesn't quite come on, Dhawan ends up pulling in in front of square. Gets three runs for it;
1.2;1;Kane Richardson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run short of a length, outside off, nicely glided away to third man for one;
1.1;1;Kane Richardson to S Dhawan, 1 run short of a length, just outside off, Dhawan gets a bottom edge on the cut... Takes the single;
0.6;?;Tait to Rohit Sharma, no run another lovely outswinger, Rohit pushes at it, and is beaten;
0.5;?;Tait to Rohit Sharma, no run fast outswinger, left alone;
0.4;6;Tait to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs top edged for a six. Legendary short square boundaries of Adelaide Oval. Richardson at long leg gets under it, and even though it is going over he should have at least thrown back in before going over the rope. He just stepped on the rope, which did him in there;
0.3;?;Tait to Rohit Sharma, no run short at 149kmph, just outside off, left alone to bounce away;
0.2;4;Tait to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs pace is your best friend, and pace is your best enemy... picked away off the pads for four through square leg... Just using the Tait pace;
0.1;?;Tait to Rohit Sharma, no run and it's 150kph right away. Short and wide, beats the cut from Rohit with the extra bounce;

Familar opening partnership. Shikhar Dhawan and Rohit Sharma walk out after the Australian team has run on to the field. Tait to bowl with two slips
And basically the two suspended IPL teams have given a giant two-fingered salute to BCCI, and decided to play international cricket. India are CSK, and Australia are RR
7.07pm MS Dhoni so desperate for Nehra he has just been caught singing: "Tab shuva Ashish maange..." Hijacking the national anthem
navin: "@shibu: We have MS, ashwin, Jadeja, Nehra, raina ? is this CSK? though both being suspended, am goin to enjoy this mini IPL match ;)"
7pm You can dust your Bee Gees records. You can go to Kumar Sanu and Anuradha Paudwal. We are going all retro today: Tait, Watson, Nehra, Yuvraj... Eight minutes to go to the start
Tanmoy: "Nehra played last international matches back in 2011 both ODI and T20. Interesting fact that in both of them he bowled brilliantly with figures 10-0-33-2 and 4-0-22-2 respectively. Really excited to see him back."
Shibu: "Watson, Smith, Faulkner, Tait and Richardson together. Is this Rajasthan Royals?"
6.40pm Australia have won the toss and decided to bowl. Tait and Watson are back. Head and Lynn in. MS Dhoni also would have liked to chase. Quite a few "retro" players in the Indian team, according to Dhoni. Yuvraj is back, Raina is back, Nehra is back. Pandya is in. Two spinners in Ashwin and Jadeja
6.35pm Nice even dry grass on the pitch. No demons, but there could be something in it for the bowlers
Sai Theja: "It's midnight here in California and very cold, ready for the game with my comforter and coffee. Like the ODIs I want to watch a close contest, this better be worth it!"
Prasanna S: "The last time when Suresh Raina was dropped from the ODI squad, he came up rejuvenated and fired brilliantly in the T20 World cup. Hope he will do the same this time as well - similar situation again getting dropped from the ODI squad just before the World T20."
6.30pm Arun: "The time sounds more like Mumbal train:) "
Shishank Dahiya: "The idea of pinch hitter has suddenly evaporated. We used to see lot of teams sending hitters 1-down or 2-down just to up the tempo but now we hardly see that, teams usually stick to usual order. I would love to see India use Pandya as a hitter and send him up the order."
6.25pm Hearing that the big-hitting Hardik Pandya is going to make his debut today for India. Travis Head is likely to make his Australia debut
6.20pm So time for experiments. Australia will have an eye on Shaun Tait's pace and Nathan Lyon's spin. India will be looking at the return of some of the seniors: is Nehra's fitness good for T20? Does Yuvraj have it? Raina is back. Will Ashwin be back?
6.10pm Before this match, the women's team from the both countries went up against each other in another Twenty20 international. India are one-up with an astonishing chase of 141, India's highest successful chase
6pm It's Australia Day and also India's Republic Day. And we are on the road to World T20. While Australia will play a Test series in New Zealand, India won't be playing any other format until the World T20. Let the permutations and combinations begin
Astrologer-style timings: First ball at 7.08pm
 Innings Start
So that brings an end to our coverage of the first Twenty20 international of the series. India's women and men both won on their Republic Day. We will be back again with the second game on Friday
"It was a good game," says MS Dhoni. "Good to see our bowlers making the batsmen play the big shot. Rohit started well, followed by Virat and well supported by Raina. He and Yuvi have had just one net session, which is why I promoted myself ahead of Yuvraj. We bowled superbly after that. I felt once Pandya went through that first over he would bowl much better. He was executing the yorker well, he was bowling the wide ball well."
"We let ourselves in the field today," says Aaron Finch. "And a great innings from Virat. He is hard to stop when he gets going. We executed well with the ball, but let ourselves down with the fielding. 170 would have been a nice score. When we got our chance to bat, I slowed down a bit and cost ourselves a bit of momentum."
"I could take this stadium with me wherever I bat," says Virat Kohli, the Man of the Match. "Just trying to keep things simple. I believe that in T20 as well. This stadium is right up there with anywhere in the world. I would love to thank the fans for coming out and supporting us."
India have taken lead in this T20 series with a win on their Republic Day. Punches and counter punches flew until spin became slightly dominant. Kohli showed his class with a risk-free 90 off 55 balls. Never did he look in a hurry or played any funky shots. Dhoni and Raina supported him well. Australia responded superbly until; Bumrah and Jadeja intervened. Bumrah got the marauding Warner, Jadeja put the brakes on and also got Smith out, and Ashwin delivered the knockout punch with Finch's wicket. For the first time India looked in control in the field as the ball began to turn
And just a note on the Finch dismissal. On the first replays it looked like it pitched well in, and then the replays later showed the ball pitching outside leg, with a shake just as the ball lands. I am just not convinced with the replays shown later
19.3;W;Bumrah to Boyce, OUT all over. The debutants combine to get Boyce out. Bumrah does him in with the slower ball, Pandya takes an easy catch at mid-off. Eventually a comfortable win for India;Cameron Boyce c Pandya b Bumrah 3 (9m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
19.2;?;Bumrah to Boyce, no run moves well across the line to try to work it to fine leg, is beaten, and somehow Bumrah misses the stumps;
19.1;?;Bumrah to Boyce, no run makes room to try and hit over cover, is beaten outside off;
18.6;1;Nehra to Boyce, 1 run slower full ball, driven to long-off for one;
18.5;1;Nehra to Tait, 1 run slower ball, short outside off, cut away to deep point;
18.4;?;Nehra to Tait, no run short of a length, angling in to cramp him up. Beats the inside edge;
18.3;?;Nehra to Tait, no run short of a length, outside off, slower ball, left alone;
18.2;W;Nehra to Kane Richardson, OUT full and straight, Richardson mows across the line, Nehra hits the off stump;Kane Richardson b Nehra 9 (10m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 128.57;
18.1;2;Nehra to Kane Richardson, 2 runs slower ball, full, hit towards long-on;
17.6;1;Bumrah to Kane Richardson, 1 run yorker, just outside off, dug out for one;
17.5;1;Bumrah to Boyce, 1 run slower ball, would have been a wide had he not tried to ramp this. Gets a single to short fine leg;
17.4;1;Bumrah to Kane Richardson, 1 run full and straight, driven to long-off for one;
17.3;1;Bumrah to Boyce, 1 run yorker, middle and leg, dug out for one;
17.2;W;Bumrah to Faulkner, OUT and Bumrah has come back with a replay of how he dismissed Faulkner in the ODI. Yorker, at the stumps, and Faulkner looks to sweep, and is bowled. Game, set and match;James Faulkner b Bumrah 10 (11m 7b 0x4 1x6) SR: 142.85;
17.1;6;Bumrah to Faulkner, SIX runs slower ball, Faulkner has picked it early and slog-swept it over midwicket for six. Short square boundary. Works for Faulkner;
17.1;1w;Bumrah to Faulkner, 1 wide wide down the leg side. Now this you can't play even if you want to;
16.6;1;Hardik to Faulkner, 1 run another wide played at. Faulkner gets a single off the edge;
16.5;1;Hardik to Kane Richardson, 1 run this is seriously ordinary cricket from Australia. Richardson has borrowed a ladder from somewhere and reached this wide ball to take a single. Almost like they are worried about India's over rate. Just going out of their way to play every wide Pandya is bowling;
16.4;4;Hardik to Kane Richardson, 4 runs another wide ball disturbed by an Australian batsman. Dug out to point, and Ashwin shies at the stumps and gives away four overthrows. Can't blame Ashwin. Poor backing up from square leg;
16.3;?;Hardik to Kane Richardson, no run well bowled. Yorker just inside the tram line on the off side. Squeezes it under the bat;
16.2;1;Hardik to Faulkner, 1 run low full toss, hit to deep cover for one;
16.1;W;Hardik to Wade, OUT Pandya is on a hat-trick. Slower ball, on a length, in the slot, Wade looks to go for a six but skies it. Jadeja takes it calmly at deep midwicket;Matthew Wade c Jadeja b Pandya 5 (13m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 71.42;
15.6;?;Ashwin to Faulkner, no run full, on off, hit back to Ashwin. Another good over of spin;
15.5;1;Ashwin to Wade, 1 run flatter delivery, could have hit this past pint, but finds that man. Gets just the single;
15.4;1;Ashwin to Faulkner, 1 run short of a length, punched to deep cover for one;
15.3;1;Ashwin to Wade, 1 run full, on off, driven to deep cover. They take just one despite Pandya's misfield;
15.2;1;Ashwin to Faulkner, 1 run full, on the pads, worked away for the single;
15.1;1;Ashwin to Wade, 1 run full, middle and leg, driven to long-off for one;
14.6;W;Hardik to Lynn, OUT Pandya has his wicket. The wide line has worked. This is another wide he has ruined. Second time in this over he has gone and played a delivery that would have been called a wide. The last time he nearly got caught at deep cover, this time he finds extra cover. Yuvraj takes an overhead catch. This seems to have hurt his hands, but Yuvraj has taken it nonetheless;Chris Lynn c Yuvraj Singh b Pandya 17 (20m 16b 0x4 1x6) SR: 106.25;
14.5;1lb;Hardik to Wade, 1 leg bye goes across the stumps to look for a ramp, the slower ball beats him, but they get a single;
14.4;1;Hardik to Lynn, 1 run wide length ball again. This would have been a wide had Lynn not drilled it to wide cover for one. One bounce to Kohli;
14.4;1w;Hardik to Lynn, 1 wide tries to go full and wide out of his reach. Too wide, though. Called;
14.3;2;Hardik to Lynn, 2 runs wide length ball, drilled to deep cover, Kohli fields excellently, Lynn comes back for two. He sees a good throw, and dives in to make his ground;
14.2;6;Hardik to Lynn, SIX runs he has hit this into the road. What an age we are living in. Looked like he couldn't spin two minutes ago, but has monstered this medium pace for a six over long-on. Just a hit-me length ball;
14.1;1;Hardik to Wade, 1 run short, chest high, pulled down to long-on for one;
13.6;1;Ashwin to Wade, 1 run paddle-sweeps this from middle and leg for a single;
13.5;1;Ashwin to Lynn, 1 run pushed down to long-on for one;
13.4;?;Ashwin to Lynn, no run short of a length, across him, beats the cut;
13.3;W;Ashwin to Watson, OUT Nehra takes the nervous catch. India must think they are home and dry. Watson, under pressure, goes for the big sweep, and Ashwin's bounce takes the top edge. It is a skier, and Nehra somehow manages to never look comfortable under those. At short fine leg, he makes many a heart skip a beat before pouching this;Shane Watson c Nehra b Ashwin 12 (8m 10b 0x4 1x6) SR: 120;
13.2;1;Ashwin to Lynn, 1 run moves across to sweep, would have got a wide down the leg side had he not mis-hit this for one;
13.1;1;Ashwin to Watson, 1 run swept away for one;
12.6;1;Jadeja to Watson, 1 run gets the sweep but gets too close to the pitch of the ball, and nearly holes out to Kohli at long-on. Takes a single on the bounce;
12.5;?;Jadeja to Watson, no run he is shaping up for the big sweep, but Jadeja is flat and he can't get under it. Hit to point;
12.4;1;Jadeja to Lynn, 1 run makes room to go into the off side, but gets just the single to deep cover;
12.3;1;Jadeja to Watson, 1 run wide length ball, driven to deep cover for one;
12.2;1;Jadeja to Lynn, 1 run makes room to cut this to deep point for one;
12.1;1;Jadeja to Watson, 1 run on a length, on off, pushed to long-off for one;
11.6;1;Yuvraj to Watson, 1 run full, driven down the ground for one;
11.5;6;Yuvraj to Watson, SIX runs the short square boundary in play. Short ball from Yuvraj, Watson has toe-ended the pull for a flat six just over the rope;
11.4;?;Yuvraj to Watson, no run turn. Yuvraj slows it down, gets turn from middle and leg towards off. Defended back to him;
11.3;1;Yuvraj to Lynn, 1 run short of a length, punched to long-off for one;
11.2;1;Yuvraj to Watson, 1 run short of a length, slow, bunted into the leg side for one;
11.1;1;Yuvraj to Lynn, 1 run short and wide, cut away to deep cover;
10.6;W;Jadeja to Head, OUT Jadeja has got another wicket. India have Australia where they want them. Like rabbits in headlights against spin. Head has not got a loose ball so far and tries to manufacture a sweep. Misses. Looks pretty dead. The umpire has no hesitation. Replays show impact is outside off. He has got himself outside the line of off;Travis Head lbw b Jadeja 2 (7m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 40;
10.5;1;Jadeja to Lynn, 1 run flat, on off, pushed wide of cover for one;
10.4;?;Jadeja to Lynn, no run round arm, on off, really full, pushed to cover;
10.3;1;Jadeja to Head, 1 run moes inside the line to work a length ball to leg for one;
10.2;?;Jadeja to Head, no run flat, short of a length, no room, defended;
10.1;?;Jadeja to Head, no run short of a length, no room, defended to leg;
9.6;?;Ashwin to Lynn, no run flat offbreak, middle and leg, defended back to him;
9.5;1;Ashwin to Head, 1 run offbreak, middle and leg, dropped to leg for a single to get off the mark;
9.4;1;Ashwin to Lynn, 1 run worked down the ground for a single;
9.3;?;Ashwin to Lynn, no run nice turn, from around off, turning back to middle and leg, takes the inside edge;
9.2;W;Ashwin to Finch, OUT the umpire didn't get to watch the previous delivery so Finch gives him an action replay sans the inside edge. He moves well across the stumps to try to sweep an offbreak, and is beaten again. Pitches within, straightens to hit middle. Dead plumb. Not so sure about the replay that is showing it pitched outside leg. That shake right at the last moment makes it look not right;Aaron Finch lbw b Ashwin 44 (42m 33b 4x4 2x6) SR: 133.33;
9.1;?;Ashwin to Finch, no run not given out because Ashwin came in the way. This looks pretty straight as Finch is beaten on the big sweep, but the umpire says I can't give this because you are in my way. Turns out Finch has got a bottom edge;
8.6;W;Jadeja to Smith, OUT Smith gets a long send-off from Kohli. Smith looks to work this to leg, gets a massive leading edge to extra cover where Kohli takes the catch and gives it to Smith. Seems to be suggesting Smith had been chirping (perhaps when batting or when Kohli was batting);Steven Smith c Kohli b Jadeja 21 (16m 14b 3x4 0x6) SR: 150;
8.5;1;Jadeja to Finch, 1 run on a length, on the pads, worked to deep square leg;
8.4;1;Jadeja to Smith, 1 run full, on off, clipped to long-on for one;
8.3;1;Jadeja to Finch, 1 run stays back to a wide length ball, gets a single to deep cover;
8.2;4;Jadeja to Finch, FOUR runs not the best timing but good placement. Makes room to slug this length ball in the air but wide of long-off;
8.1;?;Jadeja to Finch, no run short of a length, on off, punched to point;
7.6;4;Hardik to Smith, FOUR runs finally the over ends. Eleventh ball of the over. Pulled over midwicket for four. Nervous over from Pandya;
7.6;1w;Hardik to Smith, 1 wide that is a wide too. This time on height. Tries the bouncer, but at his pace you have to go really short to bowl a difficult bouncer. Too high;
7.5;1;Hardik to Finch, 1 run short of a length, drops it towards midwicket for one;
7.5;1w;Hardik to Finch, 1 wide wide down the leg side again. Short of a length and headed down. Bowled at 136ks;
7.4;6;Hardik to Finch, SIX runs Finch manhandles Pandya. Down the wicket and cuts him in front of square for a flat six. Short square boundary at play;
7.3;1;Hardik to Smith, 1 run short of a length, outside off, 136ks, punched to deep cover;
7.2;2;Hardik to Smith, 2 runs length ball, middle and leg, flicked away wide of long leg for two;
7.1;?;Hardik to Smith, no run short of a length, goes down the leg side, but not called wide this time, because it has started from around off. it has kissed the shirt too;
7.1;1w;Hardik to Smith, 1 wide another wide down the leg side. This time fuller;
7.1;1w;Hardik to Smith, 1 wide short of a length, down the leg side again, and is another wide;
7.1;1w;Hardik to Smith, 1 wide starts with a wide down the leg side;
6.6;1;Jadeja to Smith, 1 run full and straight, dug out to long-on for one;
6.5;1;Jadeja to Finch, 1 run length ball, on off, goes back to cut it in front of deep cover again, but this time the batsmen nearly run into each other, which means they get just the one;
6.4;2;Jadeja to Finch, 2 runs cut in front of deep cover for two;
6.3;?;Jadeja to Finch, no run down the wicket, beaten in the flight, but he has defended it well;
6.2;1;Jadeja to Smith, 1 run works this from outside off for a single to leg;
6.1;2;Jadeja to Smith, 2 runs chipped wide of long-on for two;
5.6;1;Bumrah to Smith, 1 run pulled from outside off, gets a single to deep square;
5.5;?;Bumrah to Smith, no run quicker ball, cramps him up as Smith is looking to make room. Hits this straight to mid-on;
5.4;4;Bumrah to Smith, FOUR runs short, a touch too short, Smith moves right across to pull this from wide outside off. He has beaten square leg with ease;
5.3;?;Bumrah to Smith, no run short of a length, Smith stays back to pull it, but times it straight to short midwicket;
5.2;4;Bumrah to Smith, FOUR runs and Smith gets a four first ball. Just moves inside the line and tucks this off the hip, fine of short fine leg;
5.1;W;Bumrah to Warner, OUT Bumrah has the wicket. He has clearly looked like India's most impressive bowler. Just difficult to read his pace with that unorthodox action. Warner sees a short ball, looks for the pull, but it hurries on to him, and he drags it from outside off and is caught at mid-on;David Warner c Kohli b Bumrah 17 (23m 9b 2x4 1x6) SR: 188.88;
4.6;4;Nehra to Finch, FOUR runs Finch makes room and sends a length ball over mid-off for four. Timed perfectly;
4.5;1;Nehra to Warner, 1 run full, middle and leg, dug out towards deep square leg for one;
4.4;4;Nehra to Warner, FOUR runs slower ball, middle and leg, Warner makes room to go inside-out, over point, for four;
4.3;?;Nehra to Warner, no run lucky, really lucky. Down the leg side with a short fine leg inside the circle. He is really lucky Warner has hit this straight to that man;
4.2;1;Nehra to Finch, 1 run short of a length, slower ball, punched to mid-on for one;
4.1;?;Nehra to Finch, no run short of a length, not much room, punched to point;
3.6;1;Bumrah to Finch, 1 run down the wicket, works a length ball wide of mid-on for a single;
3.5;1;Bumrah to Warner, 1 run down the wicket, hits it clean straight to mid-off. Takes the single, but a powerful throw in from Pandya. That looks like some arm even though he has missed;
3.4;1;Bumrah to Finch, 1 run length ball, angling in towards top, pushed to the right of mid-off for one;
3.3;?;Bumrah to Finch, no run wide on the crease again, Finch looks to play him to leg, but has his inside edge beaten. Not getting used to the pace of Bumrah;
3.2;?;Bumrah to Finch, no run short of a length, wide on the crease, seam movement in, beats the inside edge, goes through to Dhoni. Good start from Bumrah;
3.1;?;Bumrah to Finch, no run big big appeal Short of a length, from wide on the crease, Finch plays across the line is beaten, but is hit on the top of the pad;
2.6;1;Nehra to Finch, 1 run short of a length, slower, punched away to deep square leg;
2.5;?;Nehra to Finch, no run short of a length, on off, punched away to extra cover;
2.4;1;Nehra to Warner, 1 run length ball, holds its line outside off, goes off the thick outside edge to square third man for one;
2.3;6;Nehra to Warner, SIX runs don't bowl waist-high short balls to Warner on a field with short square boundaries. Easy six there;
2.2;4;Nehra to Warner, FOUR runs short, chest high, Warner is on his toes on the pull, and sends it in front of midwicket for four;
2.1;?;Nehra to Warner, no run short of a length, outside off, punched to cover;
1.6;6;Ashwin to Finch, SIX runs and Finch has got stuck into Ashwin. This is just a touch too full, allowing Finch the confidence to go ahead with the shot over the off side even though he has backed away a long way. Finally he makes a sweet connection too. Six over wide mid-off;
1.5;2;Ashwin to Finch, 2 runs swiped across the line for couple wide of long-on;
1.4;2;Ashwin to Finch, 2 runs well bowled by Ashwin. Slows it down with Finch making room. His chip shot goes towards vacant long-off, Jadeja from long-on can't quite make it;
1.4;1w;Ashwin to Finch, 1 wide this time he doesn't back away, but Ashwin keeps firing down leg. Goes for a wide. Well done by Dhoni with the collection;
1.3;4;Ashwin to Finch, FOUR runs Finch is backing away, Ashwin is following him, and this time Finch gets all of it and sends it flying over cover for four;
1.2;?;Ashwin to Finch, no run fired in, moves from leg to off, not sure if it is a carrom ball. Punched to mid-off;
1.1;2;Ashwin to Finch, 2 runs Finch makes room and chips a flat ball from outside leg over mid-off;
0.6;1lb;Nehra to Finch, 1 leg bye appeal for lbw but this is pitched outside leg and beats Finch's attempt to work it to leg;
0.5;?;Nehra to Finch, no run Finch looks to pull, but the ball is not short enough, and hits him on the thigh pad;
0.4;?;Nehra to Finch, no run short of a length, on the pads, some swing back in, hits him on the pad as he looks to work it across the line;
0.3;?;Nehra to Finch, no run short of a length, outside off, Finch looks to flick it to leg. Is beaten on the outside edge;
0.2;?;Nehra to Finch, no run short and wide, Finch gets a bottom edge on the cut. Perhaps not wide enough;
0.1;4;Nehra to Finch, FOUR runs Welcome back Nehra. Four first ball. Gentle, short, on the pads, and short-armed away past square leg;

Glenn Maxwell tweeted during the last over: "Should've kept Raina out there..." One of the more refreshing current players in a world of diplomacy
Ieuan: "Par total? It's more than anyone managed to score here during the BBL (the Strikers reached 180+ only twice - once, they defended it with ease, and the other time was that fateful NYE match where Head hit 51 off the last 3 overs. In the T20I's played here, this total is 30 runs more than the next highest. That sounds more like a pretty steep total than a par one; Head or someone else will have to repeat his previous heroics if AUS are going to win this one."
Warner and Finch are sat in the dugout waiting for the clock to tick over. Kohli and Dhoni in a chat. Quite encouraging to see Kohli get so involved in field placings
Talha Hameed: "If Australia chase this down, it will be a highest successful T20I chase ever in Australia. "
In India's huddle Nehra has his hat back to front. Great scenes. He will be bowling the first over
 Innings Start
India
Australia
1st T20I (N), Adelaide, Jan 26 2016, India tour of Australia
188/3
151
Player of the match is Virat Kohli, INDIA
India won by 37 runs
