Data
9.00 pm Bangladesh were going nowhere, perhaps even hurtling in reverse at one stage. But finally Mahmudullah was set out in the middle and his ability to find the gaps has taken the score to a very respectable 156 for 5. His carves through point in the final overs were superb. He opened the face far enough to beat point, but made sure he hit it square enough for third man to be useless. At one point, Australia brought the third man up and complicated their problems. Mahmudullah's 49 off 29 balls has been the defining innings today, but the defining bowling performance came from Adam Zampa, who finished with 3 for 23.
"It looked like 130-140. But they played really well. It's hard to work the spinners, it's gripping when the ball is slowed down. I quite like it [when the batsmen come after me]" says Zampa
Corey: "Excellent acceleration by Bangladesh. 44 runs in last 3 overs!"
G: "The death bowling is becoming a serious problem for ausies none of them have been good at the death and they dont look capable of defending scores"
Raff: "Zampa did a lot better today than against the Kiwis. But that might be indicative of something not-so-good for Australia: Bangladesh's spinners will be tough on this pitch." ---- Not to mention Mustafizur Rahman
19.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Mahmudullah, 1 run low full toss on middle, putted down the ground for a single. Tell you what, this is a serious total with the pitch gripping just enough when you dig those cutters in.;
19.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Mahmudullah, no run there's the wide yorker, and Mahmudullah who was clearing that front leg, was off balance and couldn't reach far enough;
19.4;2;Coulter-Nile to Mahmudullah, 2 runs doesn't get all of it this time, but even then it works in his favour. Gets a couple to wide long-on;
19.3;4;Coulter-Nile to Mahmudullah, FOUR runs this is getting fun! Another length ball on middle has been swatted to the deep midwicket boundary. Mahmudullah has been unstoppable, because he has picked his areas so well;
19.2;4;Coulter-Nile to Mahmudullah, FOUR runs length, bashed! Mahmudullah is playing a gem! Launched over long-off;
19.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Mushfiqur, 1 run;
18.6;4;Watson to Mahmudullah, FOUR runs that was a lot simpler than the earlier boundaries. Short, slow and sits up on middle. Mahmudullah swivels on his back foot and pulls wide of long leg;
18.5;1;Watson to Mushfiqur, 1 run goes short and wide outside off, lifted over the top to the sweeper cover;
18.4;4;Watson to Mushfiqur, FOUR runs and now it's Mushy's turn. The point region has been so productive. Mostly because the bowlers have been offering width when point and third man are up inside the circle. All the batsman needed to do was avoid the sweeper cover;
18.3;1;Watson to Mahmudullah, 1 run deep point will get that. It's slower from Watson again, and Mahmudullah hits it early this time and powers it over the off side infield;
18.2;4;Watson to Mahmudullah, FOUR runs helped him out by offering the length and the width to slice the ball behind point. All he concentrated on was the placement;
18.2;1w;Watson to Mahmudullah, 1 wide that's the offcutter dug into the middle of the deck and soaring over the batsman. Easy call to leave and collect the wide;
18.1;2;Watson to Mahmudullah, 2 runs saves a boundary! Mahmudullah and his bottom handed drills could have done some damage. Took advantage of just a little bit of width from Watson. And though it was almost yorker length, he timed it so well. Zampa at backward point dives to his right and stops it;
15.6;1;Zampa to Mushfiqur, 1 run worked away through midwicket;
15.5;?;Zampa to Mushfiqur, no run looks to drill this to the left of short cover, but Smith is there and does not let it pass him. Good diving effort from the captain;
15.4;1;Zampa to Mahmudullah, 1 run oof, he's offered up a short and wide one and Mahmudullah cuts it to the man in the deep;
15.3;1;Zampa to Mushfiqur, 1 run flighted on off stump, driven to long-on;
15.2;W;Zampa to Shakib, OUT beautifully done. Shakib was making room, Zampa drifts it wider. Just a little bit of extra bounce makes the top edge appear and short third man takes care of the rest. Zampa's been switched on tonight.;Shakib Al Hasan c Coulter-Nile b Zampa 33 (44m 25b 3x4 1x6) SR: 132;
15.1;1;Zampa to Mahmudullah, 1 run moves away to make room, Zampa one-ups him by tossing up further and wider outside off, mis-hit over the covers for a single;
14.6;1lb;Faulkner to Mahmudullah, 1 leg bye there's Faulkner's leg cutter and it zips in at Mahmudullah who is cramped up while defending, so there's enough in the pitch when the change of pace is brought into play;
14.5;1;Faulkner to Shakib, 1 run skews off the inside edge as Shakib goes for a pull off a not all that short a delivery;
14.4;?;Faulkner to Shakib, no run that brings out the short one, Shakib was waiting for it with the front foot pull, but he misses it;
14.3;4;Faulkner to Shakib, FOUR runs he's played a fine knock so far. There haven't been that many bad balls around, but Shakib makes this all by himself. Moves away outside leg, gets under a pretty full ball on middle and drums it over long-off;
14.2;1;Faulkner to Mahmudullah, 1 run that holds up on the pitch as Faulkner goes good length and across the right-hander, Mahmudullah's cover drive travels much of the distance in the air. There's no one there to grab it though;
14.1;1;Faulkner to Shakib, 1 run slices a good length ball from off stump to deep third man;
17.6;1;Faulkner to Mahmudullah, 1 run misfield by Zampa at short fine leg, but it doesn't become any more than the easy single after Mahmudullah tucked it around;
17.5;1;Faulkner to Mushfiqur, 1 run switches to a short ball as he seems the batsman haring down the pitch, Mushy has to adjust into a pull;
17.4;4;Faulkner to Mushfiqur, FOUR runs length on middle and Mushy goes for a proper old swipe. Faulkner's slower ball has been picked up and slammed over square leg;
17.3;1;Faulkner to Mahmudullah, 1 run back of a length and outside off, but now with third man back, Mahmudullah nabs a single there;
17.2;4;Faulkner to Mahmudullah, FOUR runs poor bowling from Faulkner. Too wide outside off, and this time it's short too. Carved through the point region.;
17.1;4;Faulkner to Mahmudullah, FOUR runs superb awareness! Third man and backward point were both up inside the circle and Mahmudullah drills the ball past their right and it simple skips away.;
16.6;?;Watson to Mushfiqur, no run shortish and outside off, Mushy goes for the cut and finds nothing;
16.5;1;Watson to Mahmudullah, 1 run good length ball, directed to sweeper cover;
16.4;?;Watson to Mahmudullah, no run cross seamer that does not bounce much, but the lack of pace did him in. Mahmudullah goes for the slog and inside edges onto his pads;
16.3;1;Watson to Mushfiqur, 1 run where is it, where is it, wonders Mushfiqur as he premeditates a ramp. The ball though has gone off his bat, popped off his shoulder and was somewhere near the edge of the pitch on the off side. Lovely bowling from Watson though, went very full and followed the batsman as he darted outside off;
16.2;1;Watson to Mahmudullah, 1 run didn't get a hold of the pull shot, probably because it got too much height on it and had to drag it from outside off. Watson keeps doing the business at the back end;
16.1;1;Watson to Mushfiqur, 1 run shortish and outside off, sliced to deep third man;
13.6;1;Zampa to Shakib, 1 run that seemed like the googly, but Shakib is happy to sweep it to deep square leg;
13.5;?;Zampa to Shakib, no run oh, this is excellent bowling. With Shakib advancing, Zampa slows it down and dupes the batsman looking to hit him senseless. With no pace there, Shakib ends up reaching out for the ball lest he gets stumped and almost popped a return catch;
13.4;1;Zampa to Mahmudullah, 1 run driven into the covers, Smith misfields and the single is easily taken in the end. It was always on;
13.3;1;Zampa to Shakib, 1 run slogged away to deep midwicket, but it was mistimed. Any time there is some flight, Shakib is looking to go after it with the ball turning into him;
13.2;1;Zampa to Mahmudullah, 1 run did he pick that? Zampa bowled it off the back of the hand, it hits a good length and goes straight though, Mahmudullah dabs it to short third man;
13.1;1;Zampa to Shakib, 1 run sees flight, sees red. Shakib kicks his front leg away and slogs one from middle to long-on;
12.6;?;Hastings to Mahmudullah, no run that's at his full pace on off stump, pushed to mid-on;
12.5;?;Hastings to Mahmudullah, no run slips in the slower ball, which kicks up off the pitch and foils Mahmudullah's timing. Hits bat, deflects off thigh pad and into the leg side;
12.4;6;Hastings to Mahmudullah, SIX runs loads more behind that though! It was short, it allowed the freedom Mahmudllah needed to free the arms and out came the front foot pull and away it was tonked over square leg;
12.3;4;Hastings to Mahmudullah, FOUR runs excellent timing, but the key here was how Mahmudullah waited just enough to beat the man at point. Nothing more than an extended defence from the batsman.;
12.2;?;Hastings to Mahmudullah, no run taps a back of a length delivery through to point;
12.1;1;Hastings to Shakib, 1 run he's been very good in bringing the angled face down on back of a length balls. Another single to third man;
11.6;?;Zampa to Mahmudullah, no run flighted outside off, driven into the covers;
11.5;1;Zampa to Shakib, 1 run patted to long-off as he gets off stirke;
11.4;1lb;Zampa to Mahmudullah, 1 leg bye was that height? Very tight shout for leg before against the new batsman, and its a key batsman too. If the last one was rapid in pace and went striaght on. This was a lot slower through the air and turns across the right-hander. Mahmudllah was deep in his crease and he had played his flick way too early. Brushes the top flap of the pad in front of off stump, but hat would have missed the stumps;
11.3;W;Zampa to Shuvagata Hom, OUT flipper, pins him! Well done, Zampa. Against a batsman looking to take him on, he sneaks in the faster one on a shortish length. Hom goes on the back foot for the pull, realises its not on and tries to adjust. Couldn't.;Shuvagata Hom lbw b Zampa 13 (9m 10b 1x4 1x6) SR: 130;
11.2;4;Zampa to Shuvagata Hom, FOUR runs oh, that's excellent. Not the worst ball he has bowled on the night, just had a tinge too much width and Hom waits for it, then brings down that bat with great speed and powers it through point;
11.1;6;Zampa to Shuvagata Hom, SIX runs phew! That should ease his nerves. He's come in to hit the ball out of the ground. Gets the perfect ball to do so - its loopy and slow on middle and Hom runs down the track and wallops it over long-on;
10.6;1;Faulkner to Shuvagata Hom, 1 run bangs a back of length delivery down to mid-off for a quick single;
10.5;1;Faulkner to Shakib, 1 run directs the shortish deliveyr outside off to deep third man;
10.4;1;Faulkner to Shuvagata Hom, 1 run nudged around the corner behind square leg;
10.3;?;Faulkner to Shuvagata Hom, no run not quite short enough for the pull shot there, and his inside edge is stopped at short midwicket;
10.2;?;Faulkner to Shuvagata Hom, no run nicely timed cut, even if he didn't quite move his feet across to one that Faulkner angles across outside off.;
10.1;1;Faulkner to Shakib, 1 run goes for the blockhole and Shakib nudges it down the ground to long-on;
9.6;?;Zampa to Shuvagata Hom, no run loud shout for leg before as Zampa bowls the variation - the straighter, quicker one. Hom was stuck on the crease, but he may have been saved by the ball going down leg;
9.5;1;Zampa to Shakib, 1 run pushed down to long-on, simple cricket from Shakib;
9.4;1;Zampa to Shuvagata Hom, 1 run dropped by Marsh running in from the deep square leg boundary. He was into the slide before the ball was in his hand, perhaps thinking he needed a little more speed. All that did is deny him the balance he needed. And this was a lovely ball too. Tossed up and tempting the pinch hitter to sweep across the line and against the turn. Healthy top edge, not taken care of;
9.3;?;Zampa to Shuvagata Hom, no run moves back in his crease and dabs a shortish, turning delivery to point;
9.2;W;Zampa to Mithun, OUT ah, the legspinner's long hop. The most deceptive thing in his arsenal. It sat up for the pull shot, Mithun nailed it but he picks out the fielder at deep midwicket;Mohammad Mithun c Watson b Zampa 23 (44m 22b 1x4 1x6) SR: 104.54;
9.1;1;Zampa to Shakib, 1 run starts on middle and leg, and Shakib has no trouble flicking it behind square leg;
8.6;1;Maxwell to Shakib, 1 run down the track and drives to long-on;
8.5;6;Maxwell to Shakib, SIX runs if that last stroke was pretty, this was brutal. Same technique. Backs away on leg stump, Maxwell lobs it up, Shakib sees the flight can be exploited and belts it over long-on;
8.4;4;Maxwell to Shakib, FOUR runs superb batting! Gives himself a bit of room and picks a length ball on middle to be banished over extra cover.;
8.3;?;Maxwell to Shakib, no run that's flatter and quicker on middle, a cramped up Shakib blunts it;
8.2;?;Maxwell to Shakib, no run tosses it up, keeps it slow and beats Shakib's wayward flick.;
8.1;1;Maxwell to Mithun, 1 run deftly clipped in front of midwicket;
7.6;1;Hastings to Mithun, 1 run it seems they are still stuck on caning the ball, and Hastings is a clever bowler. Picked up on that and has slowed his pace. So the front foot pull is mistimed to square leg;
7.5;2;Hastings to Mithun, 2 runs good work from Faulkner in the deep, but he was made to work overtime because of the way Mithun timed the flick. It was in the slot for it and the batsman's balance was sublime. Stood back in his crease, having moved just a tad outside off, and then the whirl of the wrists takes care of the rest. Long-on runs to his right, dives after it and pulls it back just about;
7.4;?;Hastings to Mithun, no run;
7.3;?;Hastings to Mithun, no run looks for a repeat of that six, it was the cross-seamer from Hastings and it doesn't bounce as much. Mithun clears his front leg and wants to carve the ball up. Doesn't connect, but the Aussies think there might be an edge. Doesn't seem to be in the umpire's opinion;
7.2;1;Hastings to Shakib, 1 run watches the back of a length ball all the way onto his angled bat and secures the single to third man;
7.1;?;Hastings to Shakib, no run mistimes a slap down the ground to mid-off after he came down the track.;
6.6;6;Marsh to Mithun, SIX runs pummeled! He has flat-batted a shortish delivery over wide long-off and the reason he was able to do that was because of the width on it. Superb strike;
6.5;1;Marsh to Shakib, 1 run generates some zip from the surface and Shakib is surprised by the bounce on offer. He had been set to steer the shortish delivery on middle to third man, but gets more trouble than it was worth;
6.4;1;Marsh to Mithun, 1 run waits for the shortish delivery outside off and glides it to deep third man;
6.3;?;Marsh to Mithun, no run oooh, picture perfect cover drive but Mithun has picked out Watson at short cover just as perfectly;
6.2;?;Marsh to Mithun, no run defended into the off side, but short cover is on hand;
6.1;4;Marsh to Mithun, FOUR runs rushes the new bowler, comes down the track and carves a back of a length ball down the ground. Marsh reached out with his left hand, could't grab it;
5.6;1;Watson to Mithun, 1 run the open face at it again, this time from Mithun. He retains strike after guiding one well behind point;
5.5;1;Watson to Shakib, 1 run shortish and tucking him up on middle, but Shakib still manages to find a run to third man;
5.4;4;Watson to Shakib, FOUR runs the batting today has been crying out for a stroke like that. Australia have been pacy. They've been hitting back of a length. They have a third man in place, but a good batsman, like Shakib, can still exploit it. All it needed was a little dab and keeping it fine of the man;
5.3;1;Watson to Mithun, 1 run opens the face and runs a shortish delivery through to deep third man;
5.3;1w;Watson to Mithun, 1 wide comes off quite slow off the deck - there's probably been three days since Mithun played his pull - but the ball sneaks past him to the wicketkeeper. Down the leg side thoguh;
5.2;?;Watson to Mithun, no run back of a length and outside off, blocked;
5.1;W;Watson to Sabbir, OUT one hoick too many and Watto, returning to the attack, strikes again. Not the cleverest cricket from Sabbir. He runs down the track, but the bowler refused him the room to free the arms. He should have aborted the shot because of what eventually happened. He hit the ball too high on the bat, got very little power behind it, and was caught smartly by a diving Faulkner at mid-on;Sabbir Rahman c Faulkner b Watson 12 (18m 17b 2x4 0x6) SR: 70.58;
4.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Sabbir, 1 run sliced down to deep third man, that was easy enough;
4.5;2;Coulter-Nile to Sabbir, 2 runs "hit me" screams the full toss and it disorients Sabbir. Went for a slash over cover, but gets more of an outside edge. Only just managed to lob Warner in the cover field;
4.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Mithun, 1 run moves across on off stump and dabs a shortish delivery through midwicket.;
4.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Sabbir, 1 run that's neatly done, assessed he had just enough room, and he's already been buffeted by Coulter-Nile's pace. This time he uses it to his advantage and glides the ball to deep third man;
4.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Sabbir, no run tests Sabbir with a bouncer on middle and leg, and he capably ducks under it;
4.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Mithun, 1 run his feet are a little late to realise Coulter-Nile running stringers outside off. Mithun adjusts by reaching out and opening the face to third man;
3.6;?;Hastings to Sabbir, no run and it continues! The first shot he has played that has made him look good, and sounded like he had timed the pants off it, goes straight to cover;
3.5;?;Hastings to Sabbir, no run heave no, nothing to show and its another length ball that has been let go! Sabbir's playing a very weird innings here.;
3.4;4;Hastings to Sabbir, FOUR runs still not perfectly timed, the bat face turned in his hand, but he was at least looking to hit it straighter. Takes a half-volley and thumps it to long-on;
3.3;?;Hastings to Sabbir, no run ooof, that's a dreadful slog. He could have used a straight bat and found a boundary, but he looks for midwicket and a length ball goes unpunished;
3.2;4;Hastings to Sabbir, FOUR runs the magic eight ball says smash! It was a tad too full and Sabbir hits it with all his might through mid-off.;
3.1;1;Hastings to Mithun, 1 run good length ball, angled in, Sabbir defends and gets an inside edge;
2.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Mithun, 1 run back of a length and outside off, dabbed towards point for a quick single;
2.5;1lb;Coulter-Nile to Sabbir, 1 leg bye he looks at home on this pitch with the new ball. A little movement, a little bounce, a little pace. Sabbir is pushed back as he tries a dink towards square leg. Still too slow on the move to get any wood on it;
2.4;2lb;Coulter-Nile to Sabbir, 2 leg byes still nothing off the bat, but he will help his team to a couple of extras. Coulter-Nile targets middle and leg, Sabbir tries to work it fine. Does so off the thigh pad;
2.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Sabbir, no run 142 kph, pressure tells! Sabbir runs down the track and slogs blindly. The ball slips beneath his swipe and is through to the keeper;
2.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Sabbir, no run 146kph, it looks like Coulter-Nile's too skiddy for the batsman right now. This one kisses the deck just short of a good length and zips in at Sabbir's thigh pad. He jumps up to flick and fails at it;
2.1;1lb;Coulter-Nile to Mithun, 1 leg bye 142 kph, makes the batsman hop off his crease as he bowls back of a length and cramps him on leg stump. Fends it off to fine leg;
1.6;?;Watson to Sabbir, no run the slightest bit of nip into the right-hander of a shortish length outside off, Sabbir is right behind it though;
1.5;?;Watson to Sabbir, no run stands up behind a shortish ball outside off and pats it to mid-on;
1.4;1;Watson to Mithun, 1 run bang on target there, and a little nip away from the bat squares up Mithun. He had been set to play the angle and tuck it away on the leg side. The ball hits the deck on a shortish length and straightens to take the outside edge to point;
1.3;1lb;Watson to Sabbir, 1 leg bye swerves into the pads of Sabbir, he tries to flick the ball through midwicket but makes no contact;
1.3;1w;Watson to Sabbir, 1 wide meanders down the leg side, he hasn't adjusted to the right-handed Sabbir.;
1.2;W;Watson to Soumya, OUT they can hardly believe it! Soumya has reached out to what could conceivably have been a wide and cut it straight to point. A bemused Watson walks over to celebrate with his team-mates, still wondering how such tripe became wicket-taking. it was short, it was wide, it tested Soumya's reach. He could have left it, or he should have picked the gap because he had all the time to do so.;Soumya Sarkar c Maxwell b Watson 1 (6m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 16.66;
1.1;?;Watson to Soumya, no run loves it there. It was full, it was wide, it was inviting and Sarkar chased after it. Beaten outside off;
0.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Mithun, no run finishes a very fine over with his trademark delivery. Hits the deck and makes the ball dart away from the lead-footed right-hander. That's seam movement.;
0.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Soumya, 1 run extra bounce! He's been thundering into the crease and hitting a length he is very used to back home. Soumya makes the mistake of inching forward and looking to force it through the off side and is very surprised when it rears up at him. Hits the splice and wanders towards point;
0.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Soumya, no run now an inside edge, that dribbles back to the wicketkeeper. Coulter-Nile working on pinning Soumya to the crease.;
0.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Soumya, no run 140 kph, perhaps they think he's suspect against the short ball. Tucks Soumya up on middle and leg and the batsman is quite uncomfortable as he blunts it;
0.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Soumya, no run banged in short against the left-hander, but it was quite a distance away from Soumya. Left alone. Lots of responsibility on him with Tamim out sick;
0.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Mithun, 1 run;

9.10 pm Bangalore is usually a fine ground to chase totals at, but this won't be so straight forward. Consensus is that there isn't too much dew on the ground.
 Innings Start
That is all we've got for you. Relive the match with Dan Brettig's report, which will arrive here in due course. Thank you for joining us and for your comments. We hope you do so tomorrow as well.
Insights from Ian Chappell and Ajit Agarkar are live on the site now. Please refresh the scorecard and tune in to ESPNcricinfo's Match Day
And remember, #PoliteEnquiries will return soon so get your questions in for Melinda Farrell and Andrew Fidel Fernando to answer. Post them over Twitter (not in commentary feedback) and don't forget the hashtag. Fire away!
"Don't know about that, we made it difficult at the end and Bangladesh bowled quite well in the middle overs. it was about the top four going on and get a not out and making it more clinical. We haven't been good enough in the middle overs," says Smith. "We've had a bit of travel, but its not an excuse. Pakistan and India play well in these conditions and we have to do better. They're different, the pitches weren't like this in the IPL. Our players have to adapt better."
"First six overs was crucial, we knew this ground was high-scoring. Our fielding and bowling could have been better. Mahmudullah played really well, Mithun and Shakib too," says Mashrafe, "Two losses in a row, but we have two matches left and we'll see what happens"
10.50 pm That become quite tense, but a couple of mishaps in the field could not have come at a more opportune time for Australia. They will take a three-wicket victory and stay alive in the World T20, but their performance tonight, barring a hugely impressive Usman Khawaja, still demands introspection. Bangladesh, as well, had their chances, but tossing the debutant Sajib an over with 30 odd runs to get broke the game open. It seemed like Mashrafe wanted to get his overs done with when the pressure was lesser. Then there was also the instance when he couldn't go for a catch that was his, he bowled only one over too. Some questions over the Bangladesh captain. But Mustafiz' cutters turned things interesting, Shakib chipped in as well and pace off the ball provided a lot of problems. In the end, batting down to No. 10 helped Australia survive.
"Nice to make a bit of a difference. After a disappointing loss to New Zealand, nice to get the the tournament rolling. Playing in the BBL, 80,000 people, I'm used to it. I've played three or four games here now, its a learning curve. Just getting used to the length and the pace and to different players and their areas. We've had a bit of travel, off to Mohali now and we'll be there for a week, that'll be nice," says Man of the Match Adam Zampa
Amrit: "I just couldn't imagine this. It seemed both were desperately trying to loose. The most desperate team lost."
18.3;4;Sajib to Faulkner, FOUR runs oooh, gifts them a short ball and Faulkner cracks it through the covers, that's the victory;
18.2;?;Sajib to Faulkner, no run pitched on leg and rips across to off stump. Even Faulkner is very nervous. Barely managed to block that;
18.1;1;Sajib to Nevill, 1 run flighted delivery on middle, driven to long-off for a simple single;
17.6;W;Shakib to Hastings, OUT slogged.... right down deep midwicket's throat. Shakib is barely doing anything. He's just bowling slow and inviting the mistake and Hastings obliged;John Hastings c Soumya Sarkar b Shakib Al Hasan 3 (4m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 75;
17.5;2;Shakib to Hastings, 2 runs bad throw from the deep. Australia are trying to make things interesting, but Bangladesh keep letting it slip away. Hastings flicks one through to deep square leg and then greedily comes back for a second. He might well have been dismissed had the throw not come at a half-volley for Mushfiqur to pick up;
17.4;1;Shakib to Faulkner, 1 run moves back and clips it through square leg;
17.3;1;Shakib to Hastings, 1 run dropped by Al-Amin in the covers! That was regulation. Hastings was reaching for the ball and fails to keep it down. All Al-Amin had to do was move a little bit to his left to snap it up.;
17.2;?;Shakib to Hastings, no run flighted on off stump, defended.;
17.1;W;Shakib to Maxwell, OUT there was no reason for such ballistics. Maxwell had already pushed Australia ahead in the contest in the last over. Now he charges out at Shakib's first ball, goes for a wild heave and is stumped. Kicks the turf as he walks off;Glenn Maxwell st ?Mushfiqur Rahim b Shakib Al Hasan 26 (21m 15b 2x4 2x6) SR: 173.33;
16.6;1;Mustafizur to Maxwell, 1 run that was the cutter on leg stump, Maxwell goes for the pull and gets it off the toe end of the bat;
16.5;6;Mustafizur to Maxwell, SIX runs but when it is at normal pace, it keeps sitting up! Maxwell presents a straight bat and extends his elbows so it carries over long-on;
16.4;?;Mustafizur to Maxwell, no run returns to the cutter and rips Maxwell open. Gripped into the pitch on a good length outside leg and sashayed past the outside edge;
16.3;6;Mustafizur to Maxwell, SIX runs phew! That's a top stroke from Maxwell. It seems to be the one at his normal pace, and it was on leg stump too, Maxwell flicks it away;
16.2;W;Mustafizur to Marsh, OUT gone now! And its the cutter again! Marsh couldn't get anything on the last one, this time he gets a leading edge while prodding from the crease. It leaps up, Shakib at point runs back to track it down. Good, pressure catch.;Mitchell Marsh c Shakib Al Hasan b Mustafizur Rahman 6 (10m 6b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
16.1;?;Mustafizur to Marsh, no run pitches outside leg, drifts right over off stump! That could easily have uprooted Marsh's stumps. He was feeling for the ball, but the cutter defeated him;
15.6;4;Sajib to Maxwell, FOUR runs and that completes a terrible over. A loopy old full toss has been crashed to the cover boundary;
15.5;1;Sajib to Marsh, 1 run drilled towards mid-off for a single;
15.4;4;Sajib to Marsh, FOUR runs power works again. Marsh was on the back foot, waiting to read the spinner off the deck, and then punches it through the covers. The fielder in the deep parries the ball to the rope off a bit of a bad bounce;
15.3;1;Sajib to Maxwell, 1 run sliced away to the man sweeping on the off side boundary;
15.2;4;Sajib to Maxwell, FOUR runs simple batting. it's a poor ball - short and wide - so Maxwell backed away and cut it. The next thing he concentrated on was placing the ball through the cap at extra cover.;
15.1;?;Sajib to Maxwell, no run got too close to the ball as he charged out to meet it. Dot into the covers;
14.6;1;Shakib to Maxwell, 1 run hit all along the ground to long-off. If he can keep a sensible head, this should be Australia's;
14.5;?;Shakib to Maxwell, no run flighted on middle, Maxwell nudges it towards midwicket;
14.4;1;Shakib to Marsh, 1 run speared away to deep cover;
14.3;?;Shakib to Marsh, no run flighted on middle, driven back at the bowler;
14.2;W;Shakib to Warner, OUT cricket 101, how not to play a full toss. It was lobbed up by Shakib, on leg stump. Warner was making room, perhaps thinking about only a single. But seeing such a bad ball, he thought he should do more. Went for a flick but hit it right back at the bowler;David Warner c & b Shakib Al Hasan 17 (14m 9b 1x4 1x6) SR: 188.88;
14.1;?;Shakib to Warner, no run tossed up on middle and leg, Warner pats it back to the bowler;
13.6;2;Al-Amin to Maxwell, 2 runs a whip of the wrists secures a couple behind square leg, but that ball kept low. Maxwell had to crouch a little midway into his shot;
13.5;1;Al-Amin to Warner, 1 run 141 kph, short and outside off, pulled to deep midwicket;
13.4;1;Al-Amin to Maxwell, 1 run opens the face against a shortish delivery outside off and slices it to third man;
13.3;?;Al-Amin to Maxwell, no run plays an uppish drive into the covers;
13.2;?;Al-Amin to Maxwell, no run great ball first up! It may have only been 126 kph, but Maxwell was set up for a back of a length ball. He was inching forward, then went back to try and defend but the ball kept climbing. Eventually he did well to drop his wrists;
13.1;W;Al-Amin to Khawaja, OUT around his legs! The change of bowling works, and Bangladesh will feel hopeful again. Khawaja though walks back after a fine innings, even if it ended in ungainly fashion. The ball was on his pads and he was hoping to work it away past short fine leg. Just didn't connect...;Usman Khawaja b Al-Amin Hossain 58 (61m 45b 7x4 1x6) SR: 128.88;
12.6;2;Mahmudullah to Warner, 2 runs holds up again and Warner, who was early into the action of pulling the ball, had to delay his shot. Mis-hit goes down the ground;
12.6;1w;Mahmudullah to Warner, 1 wide tosses it up, and drifts it down leg. Is Warner getting to him? Perhaps he was worried about him coming down the track;
12.5;1;Mahmudullah to Khawaja, 1 run moves back in his crease to a length ball on off stump and Khawaja drills it through the covers;
12.4;1;Mahmudullah to Warner, 1 run jumps back and outside off, cut through the covers;
12.3;2;Mahmudullah to Warner, 2 runs nudged through the leg side and Warner has two before deep midwicket can respond;
12.2;6;Mahmudullah to Warner, SIX runs that's one for each innings then. Mithun did it against a fast bowler, Warner does it against a spinner, when the ball holds up in the pitch. Waited for it. Waited ages and than clattered it over deep extra cover;
12.1;4;Mahmudullah to Warner, FOUR runs poor bowling. Especially against a new batsman. More so when its Warner, who can get going with one shot. It could well be this shot. Pulled to the wide long-on boundary as the offspinner bowls a long hop;
11.6;?;Mustafizur to Khawaja, no run that was clearly the one without any pace on it, Khawaja picks it and since it was overpitched he is able to drive into the covers;
11.5;2;Mustafizur to Khawaja, 2 runs 137 kph, striving for pace, he offers a full toss and Khawaja clips it through to deep midwicket;
11.4;1;Mustafizur to Warner, 1 run plonks it through the covers as he reaches out to a full and wide delivery outside off;
11.3;W;Mustafizur to Smith, OUT and back to full(er) pace. It was another cross-seamed delivery, though. Smith was moving across again, but Mustafiz does him in with a really full delivery on middle and leg. A panic-stricken flick, an inside edge and a deflection off the pads later, everyone sees red.;Steven Smith b Mustafizur Rahman 14 (16m 13b 0x4 1x6) SR: 107.69;
11.2;?;Mustafizur to Smith, no run went right across his stumps and presented the biggest target he could for an lbw. Mustafiz bowls the cutter, Smith's flick came down way too early, he's hit on the pads and looks plumb if not for the fact that the ball pitched way outside leg;
11.1;1;Mustafizur to Khawaja, 1 run neatly worked to long-on as the one at his proper pace comes onto the bat;
10.6;1;Sajib to Khawaja, 1 run slow through the air, hits a shortish length outside off and turns, Khawaja who is deep in his crease, flicks it away to deep square leg;
10.5;1;Sajib to Smith, 1 run clipped to deep square leg;
10.5;2w;Sajib to Khawaja, 2 wide shaped to come down, so Sajib bowls quick and down leg. Khawaja though has simply bluffed him. He stayed stock still in his crease, collected the wide and Smith realised there was more on offer when the wicketkeeper missed it;
10.4;1;Sajib to Smith, 1 run skips down the pitch again and works it through to long-on. Sajib doens't have much mystery about him and Australia are taking advantage;
10.3;?;Sajib to Smith, no run a little quicker and flatter that time and Smith, who is deep in his crease, blocks uncertainly;
10.2;6;Sajib to Smith, SIX runs belted down the ground! And Smith made it look more emphatic by charging the left-arm spinner, reaching the pitch and lifted him over the sightscreen;
10.1;1;Sajib to Khawaja, 1 run places it behind point as he rocks back and cuts a ball that was short and just outside off;
9.6;1;Shuvagata Hom to Khawaja, 1 run nudged down the ground to long-on;
9.5;4;Shuvagata Hom to Khawaja, FOUR runs picked up on the short ball, jumped back early and cracks it to the backward point boundary. That's his first T20I fifty. Very controlled, and impressive as well.;
9.4;1;Shuvagata Hom to Smith, 1 run down the track and driven to long-on;
9.3;1lb;Shuvagata Hom to Khawaja, 1 leg bye now he gets down the track, but chooses the wrong ball for it. Hom bowled it quicker and hits his pads;
9.2;?;Shuvagata Hom to Khawaja, no run goes back in his crease because he was not sure if he could have reached the pitch and ends up with an outside edge. Squared up by the turn;
9.1;1;Shuvagata Hom to Smith, 1 run isn't put in too much bother despite being back in his crease to a pretty flighted delivery on off stump, driven to long-off;
8.6;1;Shakib to Smith, 1 run a tad short which allows Smith to stay in his crease, wait for the ball to turn and push it to long-on;
8.5;1;Shakib to Khawaja, 1 run settles into a sweep, and reaches out to get on top of the ball and roll his wrists on it. Single to deep midwicket;
8.4;1;Shakib to Smith, 1 run strides out of his crease and drives a good length ball to long-on;
8.3;?;Shakib to Smith, no run flighted on middle and off, defended;
8.2;1;Shakib to Khawaja, 1 run nudged through the leg side for a single;
8.1;4;Shakib to Khawaja, FOUR runs shot! There wasn't much room on offer, but Khawana shifts his weight back and towards leg side and cashes in through the covers because the man in the deep was square;
7.6;1;Shuvagata Hom to Khawaja, 1 run finishes an over where he might have bowled a bit too straight with another one that was too straight. Khawaja wokrs it through midwicket;
7.5;1;Shuvagata Hom to Smith, 1 run neatly worked behind square leg;
7.4;1;Shuvagata Hom to Khawaja, 1 run down the track for a tuck around the corner to deep square leg;
7.3;1;Shuvagata Hom to Smith, 1 run moves back to a good length ball on leg stump and finds a single at short fine leg;
7.2;W;Shuvagata Hom to Watson, 1 run, OUT ooh, that's tight! Could Watson be run out? Especially after nailing this pull shot. It was short, it was given its due treatment, but the batsmen get greedy. Watson comes back for a second, and he was always struggling. Sabbir sends in a rocket throw from deep midwicket and Mushfiqur does the rest;Shane Watson run out (Sabbir Rahman/?Mushfiqur Rahim) 21 (34m 15b 2x4 1x6) SR: 140;
7.1;1;Shuvagata Hom to Khawaja, 1 run closes the face too early and his leading edge goes to ground and actually travels all the way to deep cover;
6.6;6;Sajib to Watson, SIX runs oh, sheer power! He lumbered down the pitch, but he couldn't reach the pitch of the ball though. So he leaned over, reached out with his hands and lofted it miles over midwicket;
6.5;?;Sajib to Watson, no run good length ball on middle and off, defended;
6.4;?;Sajib to Watson, no run the lack of pace worked well for Sajib there. Watson lunged on the front foot and looked to smash it square on the off side. Inside edge comes through;
6.3;1;Sajib to Khawaja, 1 run slow through the air, and he bowls it a bit short too. Pulled to deep backward square leg;
6.2;1;Sajib to Watson, 1 run slashed away to deep point, width offered as the angle of the left-armer helps Watson;
6.1;1;Sajib to Khawaja, 1 run flighted on off stump, nudged through square leg;
5.6;?;Mustafizur to Watson, no run straight up and straight down! Dropped by Mithun running back and to his left at midwicket, and Mashrafe who may have had an easier time of it running in from mid-on stares. Mustafizur was almost about to celebrate after he had duped Watson with the cutter. The batsman went for a flick having seen a silly old length ball on leg stump, but that was the essence of the trap. The leading edge was taken and it wasn't a straightforward chance, but better decision making could have made it happen. It was Mashrafe's catch, but he was slow moving in;
5.5;1;Mustafizur to Khawaja, 1 run back of a length on middle and off, Khawaja pats it towards mid-on and secures a quick single. Good judgment;
5.4;1;Mustafizur to Watson, 1 run;
5.3;?;Mustafizur to Watson, no run dabbed just behind point as Watson looks good off the back foot again;
5.2;4;Mustafizur to Watson, FOUR runs skillful batting. Mustafiz rolls his fingers over the ball and the reason he gets wickets off it is because the batsman comes at it with hard hands. Watson though plays late and plays with soft hands as he lets it glide off the open face to the third man boundary;
5.1;1;Mustafizur to Khawaja, 1 run the cutter causes problems, Khawaja was pressing forward and letting his hands lead as he tries a flick. The ball pops up, Mustafiz' hands pop up as well in hope, but there is no one in the vicinity of silly mid-on;
4.6;1;Shakib to Khawaja, 1 run so close! Khawaja wanders down the track again, but the ball dipped on him. A wild swing of the bat later, Khawaja is safe at the other end courtesy an inside edge. Had that not happened, he might well have been stumped;
4.5;4;Shakib to Khawaja, FOUR runs and that was brutal. The flatter ball was bound to come, and Khawaja went low and swept it to the square leg boundary. Mahmudullah was there, but the power on the shot was too much;
4.4;4;Shakib to Khawaja, FOUR runs pure intent! Charged at the spinner again, made contact with the ball as it pitched and lofts it over extra cover. Majestic;
4.3;4;Shakib to Khawaja, FOUR runs beautiful cricket! The trip down the pitch seemed to be a bit premeditated, and when he got there, he realised Shakib had held the ball back. And yet he was able to flick it and time it ever so superbly through straight midwicket;
4.2;?;Shakib to Khawaja, no run;
4.1;?;Shakib to Khawaja, no run looks to take advantage of the length - just a bit short and moving across the left-hander - cut straight to cover;
3.6;4;Mustafizur to Watson, FOUR runs pitched up and goes away outside off, Watson has a crack at it. He sends it flying over backward point off an outside edge;
3.5;1lb;Mustafizur to Khawaja, 1 leg bye leg-stump ball, Khawaja fails to take toll of it, again. He only directs it to short fine leg;
3.4;?;Mustafizur to Khawaja, no run length and angled in, possibly a cutter, 125ks, Khawaja looks to flick and manages an inside edge for one;
3.3;?;Mustafizur to Khawaja, no run Khawaja makes swinging room by backing away outside leg, this is pushed outside off. Khawaja can't reach it. He opts to leave it in the end;
3.2;?;Mustafizur to Khawaja, no run full and darts back in to rap the pad as Khawaja does not make contact with a flick. The lbw appeal is shot down, it was clearly heading down leg;
3.1;1;Mustafizur to Watson, 1 run back of a length, there comes the offcutter on middle, 126ks, Watson manages to help it to third man;
3.1;1w;Mustafizur to Watson, 1 wide full and angling away far too wide outside off, wided. Not an auspicious return;
2.6;4;Al-Amin to Khawaja, FOUR runs Khawaja steps out and across, the charge puts the bowler off. He sprays this short and wide outside off. The left-hander reaches out and slices it in the air, over cover point, for four;
2.5;1;Al-Amin to Watson, 1 run pretty full on off, squeezed to mid-off, where Mortaza is hanging back;
2.4;1;Al-Amin to Khawaja, 1 run short and angled in, Khawaja stays back and swats it with the wrists to the leg side;
2.3;?;Al-Amin to Khawaja, no run length and outside off from round the wicket, mis-hit to cover point;
2.2;4;Al-Amin to Khawaja, FOUR runs short and on the hips, begs on its knees to be smashed. Khawaja presses forward, goes back, and controls a pull behind square;
2.1;?;Al-Amin to Khawaja, no run full and angled away outside off from over the wicket, slapped to the covers;
1.6;1;Mahmudullah to Khawaja, 1 run Khawaja dances out, manufactures a full ball, adjusts late to the spin, and clips to mid-on; a fumble allows a single;
1.5;1;Mahmudullah to Watson, 1 run straying onto the pads, from round the stumps, picked away to deep midwicket;
1.4;1;Mahmudullah to Khawaja, 1 run fired in at 91ks, Khawaja sits back and flicks through midwicket;
1.3;1;Mahmudullah to Watson, 1 run full and goes straight on outside off, eased past the covers on the front foot;
1.2;?;Mahmudullah to Watson, no run flat and slides on outside off, Watson's first ball is pushed to the covers;
1.1;1;Mahmudullah to Khawaja, 1 run tossed up and spins outside off, Khawaja gets forward and drives to long-off;
0.6;1;Mortaza to Khawaja, 1 run dug in short and sits up outside off, picked up and pulled over backward square leg;
0.5;?;Mortaza to Khawaja, no run full and wobbles away in the corridor, Khawaja chases and is beaten;
0.4;6;Mortaza to Khawaja, SIX runs classy stroke from Khawaja. Length ball on middle, plants his front foot forward and sends it skimming straight down the ground for a maximum;
0.3;2;Mortaza to Khawaja, 2 runs nice and full on middle, much tighter. Cutter? Khawaja targets a leg-side flick and spoons a leading edge over the bowler;
0.2;?;Mortaza to Khawaja, no run the second ball is also a gift and Mashrafe gets away, again. Sliding into the hips, worked only to short fine leg;
0.1;?;Mortaza to Khawaja, no run starts off with a loose, loose ball. Short and wide outside off, Khawaja reaches out and carves it to short third man. That was a first-ball gift, and Mashrafe gets away;

9:20pm: Bangladesh get into a huddle with Mashrafe doing all the talking. Watson and Khawaja walk out to the middle. Mashrafe takes the new ball
Bonium Tutul: "BD's winning formula would revolve around Mustafizur."
9.15 pm Bangalore is usually a fine ground to chase at, but Australia shouldn't think this is in the bag. Consensus is that there isn't that much dew, just as the pitch was also helping the ball hold in a little longer when the fingers are rolled over it
Avnish: "It is good to be fair to the Underdogs and cheer them up but I do not see this total being any problem whatsoever for the Aussie batting lineup on this ground. BD are also missing their other star bowler."
 Innings Start
Bangladesh
Australia
22nd Match, Super 10 Group 2 (N), Bengaluru, Mar 21 2016, World T20
156/5
157/7
Player of the match is Adam Zampa, AUS
Australia won by 3 wickets (with 9 balls remaining)
