Data
11.35am Pakistan's eight-match winning streak in T20Is is under serious threat. It was Billy Stanlake who ripped through Pakistan's batting line-up with pace and bounce. He claimed 4 for 8 in an uninterrupted opening burst with the new ball to expose the middle order to the change bowlers. Andrew Tye then made light work of the tail. That Pakistan have something to bowl at is down to Shadab's cameo. He has plenty to do with the ball. We will be back shortly for the chase.
Anup: "3 wickets in one over? Did Tye read my previous comment? I should have asked him a few games earlier! ;)"
Rehanr: "With the bowling attack Pakistan has, game is still on. Hafeez should attack along with Hassan Ali "
Ammar Iqbal: "Pakistan team getting a run for their money today after a long time..."
19.5;W;Tye to Nawaz, OUT Tye wraps Pakistan up for 116! Very full on middle and leg, not quite a yorker, Nawaz gets under the length. He swings, gets more height as opposed to distance. Agar sprints in from long-on, dives forward, and snaffles it;Mohammad Nawaz c Agar b Tye 6 (11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 54.54;
19.4;W;Tye to Hasan Ali, OUT full-toss, wide outside off, Hasan Ali throws his bat at the ball and smears it straight to deep point. He holes out for a duck on his 24th birthday;Hasan Ali c Agar b Tye 0 (1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
19.4;1w;Tye to Hasan Ali, 1 wide off-side wide;
19.3;1;Tye to Nawaz, 1 run leg-stump yorker, dug out through the off side for one;
19.2;W;Tye to Shadab, OUT full and wide outside off again, Shadab is happy to stay leg-side of the ball, again, but this is a slower one and the batsman toe-ends a catch to cover. Shadab has given Pakistan something to bowl at. Head dives forward and makes a tough catch look easy;Shadab Khan c Head b Tye 29 (25b 1x4 1x6) SR: 116;
19.1;6;Tye to Shadab, SIX runs pitched up and outside off, Shadab stays leg-side of the ball, reaches out for the ball with his hands and sends the ball soaring over the covers with a clean swing;
18.6;?;Jhye Richardson to Nawaz, no run slower yorker, wide outside off, sneaks under the bat. Good finish from Richardson;
18.5;2;Jhye Richardson to Nawaz, 2 runs Dropped by Stoinis running in from long-on. On a length and outside off, Nawaz clears his front leg and swipes it in the air. Stoinis misjudges it and shells it with the sun squinting into his eyes;
18.5;1w;Jhye Richardson to Nawaz, 1 wide back-of-the-hand slower ball but floated past the tramline, off-side wide;
18.4;1;Jhye Richardson to Shadab, 1 run backs away and punches a shortish ball to point;
18.3;1;Jhye Richardson to Nawaz, 1 run really full and outside off, squeezed to the covers;
18.2;?;Jhye Richardson to Nawaz, no run slower full-toss outside off, Nawaz swings waaaaay too early... and misses;
18.1;?;Jhye Richardson to Nawaz, no run full and wide outside off, past the reach of the batsman;
17.6;2;Tye to Shadab, 2 runs seam-up, full and wide outside off, driven off the inside half to long-on;
17.5;1;Tye to Nawaz, 1 run another knuckle ball, jabbed from outside off through midwicket;
17.4;1;Tye to Shadab, 1 run wide yorker, nice comeback from Tye, jammed to long-off;
17.3;4;Tye to Shadab, FOUR runs slower ball, full and wide outside off, Shadab picks the change-up. Waits for the knuckle ball to arrive and then smites it over the covers;
17.2;1;Tye to Nawaz, 1 run low full-toss on middle stump, driven back to the bowler, the ball bursts through the hands and rolls down to long-on;
17.1;1;Tye to Shadab, 1 run back of a length and some width outside off, cracked off the back foot to the off-side sweeper for one;
16.6;?;Jhye Richardson to Nawaz, no run bouncer on middle, ducks under it safely;
16.5;?;Jhye Richardson to Nawaz, no run full and attacking middle stump, Nawaz is pinned to the crease as he limply pokes it back to the bowler;
16.4;1;Jhye Richardson to Shadab, 1 run short and angling into the body, shuffles across off and flaps it away to midwicket;
16.3;W;Jhye Richardson to Faheem, OUT Richardson bounces out Ashraf. Chest-high short ball angling across off stump from over the wicket, rushes the batsman into a hook. He only top-edges it hiiiiiiigh in the air. It drops down into the lap of Tye at fine leg;Faheem Ashraf c Tye b Richardson 21 (17b 2x4 1x6) SR: 123.52;
16.2;1;Jhye Richardson to Shadab, 1 run back of a length and angling in towards middle stump, tip and run to the covers;
16.1;1;Jhye Richardson to Faheem, 1 run back of a length and sliding into the hips, neatly glanced to fine leg;
15.6;?;Agar to Shadab, no run taps a shortish delivery gently and to the right of the pitch;
15.5;2;Agar to Shadab, 2 runs stays les side of a flighted delivery on middle and lashes it to the left of long-off;
15.4;1;Agar to Faheem, 1 run works a shortish delivery off the pads through midwicket;
15.3;1;Agar to Shadab, 1 run steers it in front of point;
15.2;1;Agar to Faheem, 1 run defends a good length ball behind point and they take on Finch's arm. It's risky... but Shadab puts his head down and keeps running full tilt;
15.1;1;Agar to Shadab, 1 run steps out to drive a tossed up delivery to long-off;
14.6;4;Tye to Faheem, FOUR runs pure elegance! After caning the ball out of the park, he shows he has the finesse to hit it all along the ground too. A pristine cover drive, his front foot moving towards the ball quite gleefully;
14.5;4;Tye to Faheem, FOUR runs another lovely shot! Straight down the ground! This is a fuller delivery, which Ashraf probably expects after bulldozing that last short ball. Strides easily forward and lifts it over mid-off;
14.4;6;Tye to Faheem, SIX runs launches it over deep square leg! Stoinis goes short and here he offers room for the left-hander to free the arms. And Ashraf absolutely loves it;
14.3;?;Tye to Faheem, no run defends a good length ball to cover;
14.2;1;Tye to Shadab, 1 run whips a fuller delivery to midwicket;
14.1;?;Tye to Shadab, no run a back of a length delivery holds up in the pitch and makes Shadab look very awkward as he tries to flick to the leg side. Suffers a leading edge, but it lands safely at cover;
13.6;?;Agar to Faheem, no run works it to midwicket again;
13.5;?;Agar to Faheem, no run goes onto the back foot to knock the quicker flatter delivery to midwicket;
13.4;1lb;Agar to Shadab, 1 leg bye seeing the length ball drifting into the pads, Agar goes down to sweep, but he doesn't have enough room to properly free the arms;
13.3;1;Agar to Faheem, 1 run opens the face and slices the fuller delivery outside off to backward point;
13.2;1;Agar to Shadab, 1 run a shorter delivery allows the batsman to rock back and cut to the sweeper;
13.1;?;Agar to Shadab, no run gets it to drift in nicely to middle and leg and that's why Shadab is tentative with his defence;
12.6;?;Maxwell to Faheem, no run flicks a shortish delivery off the hips to short fine leg;
12.5;1;Maxwell to Shadab, 1 run shimmies down the pitch for a push to long-on;
12.4;?;Maxwell to Shadab, no run he's looking to flick a ball from outside off to midwicket again. But Maxwell's fuller length doesn't allow it;
12.3;1;Maxwell to Faheem, 1 run nudges a slow, tossed up delivery on leg stump to backward square leg;
12.2;?;Maxwell to Faheem, no run full on off stump, pats it to point;
12.1;1;Maxwell to Shadab, 1 run shifts back and flicks a good length ball angled across the right-hander from around the wicket through midwicket;
11.6;?;Stoinis to Faheem, no run too quick for Ashraf as he cuts and misses outside off;
11.5;2;Stoinis to Faheem, 2 runs shortish and outside off, he punches to point and sets off for a quick single. The throw comes into the bowler's end, from Aaron Finch, but the man backing up, Travis Head, doesn't do well and gives up an overthrow;
11.4;?;Stoinis to Faheem, no run turns a fullish delivery to short midwicket;
11.3;W;Stoinis to Asif Ali, OUT misreads the length and pays the price! This is not short enough to play a cross-bat shot. But that's what he does, looking to pull the quick, skiddy delivery through square leg. The reasonably good length ball zips through his defences and takes out off stump;Asif Ali b Stoinis 22 (20b 0x4 2x6) SR: 110;
11.2;?;Stoinis to Asif Ali, no run back of a length and cramping him for room. Asif short-arm pulls to midwicket;
11.1;6;Stoinis to Asif Ali, SIX runs launches a short ball clean out of the ground! Ample room to swing the arms and Asif Ali takes full toll. The ball disappears over long-on;
10.6;?;Agar to Shadab, no run lunges forward to ease the length delivery on off stump to cover;
10.5;1;Agar to Asif Ali, 1 run quicker delivery, targeting the base of off stump, Shadab steers it through cover again;
10.4;1;Agar to Shadab, 1 run hangs back but the ball takes an age to arrive, messing with his timing. Eventually, Shadab taps it through cover;
10.3;2;Agar to Shadab, 2 runs gets down low to sweep a tossed up delivery on middle and leg to long leg;
10.2;1;Agar to Asif Ali, 1 run gets forward to knock a fuller delivery to the right of midwicket;
10.1;?;Agar to Asif Ali, no run pushes a good length ball on middle towards cover point;
9.6;1;Stoinis to Asif Ali, 1 run full on the stumps, eased down to long-on for one;
9.5;1;Stoinis to Shadab, 1 run full and outside off, drives and edges it to third man;
9.5;1w;Stoinis to Shadab, 1 wide bouncer on middle, beats the hook and slides down leg for a wide;
9.4;W;Stoinis to Asif Ali, 1 run, OUT short and angling into the hips, short-armed away to deep square leg. There's a horrible mix-up between the wickets, the last thing Pakistan wanted now. There's two on offer. Asif wants two, Malik isn't interested. Maddinson slides, gathers the ball, and throws it to the keeper to catch Malik short;Shoaib Malik run out (Maddinson/?Carey) 13 (16b 1x4 0x6) SR: 81.25;
9.3;?;Stoinis to Asif Ali, no run full and skidding into catch the pad as the batsman does not connect with a leg-side flick;
9.2;?;Stoinis to Asif Ali, no run good length on middle and leg, worked to midwicket;
9.1;1;Stoinis to Malik, 1 run picked off the pads through square leg;
8.6;6;Agar to Asif Ali, SIX runs lobbed up on off, non-turning full ball, Asif Ali gets underneath the length and hoists it over the bowler's head for the first six of the day;
8.5;1;Agar to Malik, 1 run flighted on off, Malik leans into a drive and sends the ball along the ground to long-off;
8.4;4;Agar to Malik, FOUR runs tossed up outside off and spins away, Malik searches for the cover drive, but ends up slicing it away fine of short third man for four;
8.3;1;Agar to Asif Ali, 1 run skids in on middle, tip and run to short cover. The fielder swoops down on the ball and effects a direct hit at the non-striker's end but Asif Ali slides his bat in;
8.2;1;Agar to Malik, 1 run back of a length and breaks away outside off, firmly punched through the cover-point region off the back foot;
8.1;1;Agar to Asif Ali, 1 run full and angling into middle and leg, driven down to long-on;
7.6;1;Tye to Asif Ali, 1 run slower cutter outside off, guided to third man for one;
7.5;?;Tye to Asif Ali, no run full and slanting away outside off past the outside edge;
7.4;1;Tye to Malik, 1 run Malik leans back and punches this short ball from outside off to the right of deep third man;
7.3;1;Tye to Asif Ali, 1 run the umpire and the non-striker are in the firing line. The umpire swerves away but Malik cops a blow. He wrings his gloves in pain. On a length and outside off, drilled straight past the bowler. Malik is in pain. He needs some medical attention;
7.2;1;Tye to Malik, 1 run slower knuckle ball outside off, waits for the ball to arrive and helps it to third man;
7.1;1;Tye to Asif Ali, 1 run back of a length and nipping in to take the inside edge and roll away to the leg side;
6.6;?;Stanlake to Malik, no run Stanlake hits a hard length outside off - neither driveable nor pullable - jabbed to the covers. Stanlake ends with 4-0-8-4 What a spell from him;
6.5;1;Stanlake to Asif Ali, 1 run wide of the crease, short and holds its line outside off, run down to deep third man for one;
6.4;?;Stanlake to Asif Ali, no run back of a length and angling into middle, pushed back to the bowler;
6.3;?;Stanlake to Asif Ali, no run much fuller on off now, Asif keeps it out;
6.3;1w;Stanlake to Asif Ali, 1 wide bouncer, too high, wide called;
6.2;W;Stanlake to Sarfaraz, OUT Four wickets in four overs for Stanlake. Credit to Finch for giving him four overs on the bounce with the new ball. Stanlake's USP: extra bounce comes to the fore again. Bursts from a back of a length just outside off, seams away, Sarfraz is squared up; he looks to fend it away but ends up nicking it behind to Finch at slip. Finch dives to his right and takes it with both hands;Sarfaraz Ahmed c Finch b Stanlake 4 (5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 80;
6.1;1;Stanlake to Malik, 1 run short and wide outside off, Malik gets on top of the bounce and slaps it away to sweeper cover;
5.6;1;Stoinis to Malik, 1 run works a shortish delivery on off stump to midwicket and pinches the single.;
5.5;?;Stoinis to Malik, no run opens the face to punch the back of a length delivery to cover point;
5.4;?;Stoinis to Malik, no run blocks a good length ball on and around off stump. Malik plays it with such soft hands that the ball almost rolls onto his stumps!;
5.3;2;Stoinis to Malik, 2 runs waits a touch longer - and is helped by the ball coming up only about knee-high - to send the ball hurtling to deep backward square leg;
5.2;?;Stoinis to Malik, no run keeps cramping the right-handers for room as Malik shifts back and flicks to midwicket;
5.1;1;Stoinis to Sarfaraz, 1 run goes back nudges it off his hips for a quick single at short fine leg;
4.6;?;Stanlake to Malik, no run dug in short on a fourth-stump line, Malik hops, skips and fends if away to the off side;
4.5;?;Stanlake to Malik, no run Malik gets on top of a short ball outside off and punches to backward point;
4.4;?;Stanlake to Malik, no run welcomes Malik to the crease with a bouncer, he sways out of the way;
4.3;W;Stanlake to Zaman, OUT Has Zaman been strangled down the leg side? Umpire Jeremiah Matibiri raises his finger. Zaman doesn't seem pleased but no DRS in this series to challenge the on-field out decision. Dug in down the leg side, rushes Zaman into a hook. There's a deflection - not sure if it was off the glove or bat - but Zaman has to exit. Three wickets in three overs for Stanlake;Fakhar Zaman c ?Carey b Stanlake 6 (11b 1x4 0x6) SR: 54.54;
4.2;1;Stanlake to Sarfaraz, 1 run Sarfraz rides the bounce of a short ball outside off and secures a single to deep third man;
4.1;?;Stanlake to Sarfaraz, no run on a length and just a shade outside off, bunted back to Stanlake off the front foot;
3.6;?;Jhye Richardson to Zaman, no run Zaman ventures outside leg and aims to cut it on the up over backward point. But this short ball beats him for pace and bounce;
3.5;?;Jhye Richardson to Zaman, no run short on middle, backs away and stabs it straight to backward point;
3.4;4;Jhye Richardson to Zaman, FOUR runs full and angling away outside off, Zaman likes it there. He stays leg-side of the ball and blazes it through the covers. He doesn't move his feet much muscles it away;
3.3;?;Jhye Richardson to Zaman, no run back of a length on middle and leg, punched back to Richardson again;
3.2;?;Jhye Richardson to Zaman, no run short and on middle, no room for the batsman to free his arms, jabbed back to the bowler;
3.1;?;Jhye Richardson to Zaman, no run back of a length and outside off, punched through the line to mid-off;
2.6;2;Stanlake to Sarfaraz, 2 runs too full and straight, Sarfraz sits back, perhaps waiting for the short one, and clips it neatly through square leg;
2.5;W;Stanlake to Talat, OUT One-hander from Finch, running across from first slip and pulling off a stunner at where gully may have been. Another lifter outside off, Talat rises with it and aims to fend it away. Steep bounce for Stanlake. The ball balloons off the glove. Finch runs across to his left, stretches out one hand and sends back Talat;Hussain Talat c Finch b Stanlake 10 (10b 2x4 0x6) SR: 100;
2.4;?;Stanlake to Talat, no run chest-high short ball on leg stump, cramps the batsman for room again, and pings the body. Fiery pace and bounce from Stanlake;
2.3;1;Stanlake to Zaman, 1 run good length and tucks up the batsman for room, jabbed to the covers for a speedy single;
2.2;?;Stanlake to Zaman, no run dragged short on off, Zaman camps on the back foot and swats it straight to midwicket;
2.1;?;Stanlake to Zaman, no run very full and wide outside off, Zaman stays leg-side of the ball and flashes it straight to mid-off;
1.6;1;Jhye Richardson to Zaman, 1 run full and angling away outside off, drags an inside edge behind square on the leg side;
1.5;1;Jhye Richardson to Talat, 1 run pretty full on middle and leg, squeezed square on the leg side for one;
1.4;?;Jhye Richardson to Talat, no run hurled short and angling across off, Talat looks to ramp it over slip. No contact in the end;
1.3;4;Jhye Richardson to Talat, FOUR runs here comes Talat: down the track, takes it on a half-volley outside off and belts it through the covers. There's no stopping that;
1.2;4;Jhye Richardson to Talat, FOUR runs dug in short on leg stump, this is more a short-arm flap than a short-arm pull. Hit in the air but wide of midwicket;
1.1;?;Jhye Richardson to Talat, no run he draws an lbw appeal right away. Umpire Tiffin shoots down the appeal, though. Inswinging yorker, Talat camps back and is pinned on the pad. It pitched in line and might have crashed into leg stump but umpire Tiffin wasn't interested;
0.6;1;Stanlake to Talat, 1 run much fuller and angling away wide outside off, Talat throws his hands at the ball and stabs it away to deep third man. Excellent start from Stanlake;
0.5;?;Stanlake to Talat, no run back of a length and skidding through on off stump, Talat hangs back and jams it out;
0.4;?;Stanlake to Talat, no run much fuller and angling across off, Talat stretches out and carves a drive to backward point;
0.3;W;Stanlake to Hafeez, OUT Stanlake strikes with his third ball and has Hafeez nicking off for a duck. Australia's beanpole fast bowler runs in hard, hits the deck hard, and finds extra bounce. It fizzes from a back of a length, the line is outside off, hint of away movement, Hafeez simply spars at it and edges it to first slip, where Finch completes a sharp overhead catch;Mohammad Hafeez c Finch b Stanlake 0 (3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
0.2;?;Stanlake to Hafeez, no run shorter and outside off, Hafeez rides it out to backward point with soft hands;
0.1;?;Stanlake to Hafeez, no run back of a length, angling in from wide of the crease, bouncing and seaming away outside off. Hafeez lets it go. He gestures to Fakhar that the ball moved away;

9.55am Fakhar Zaman and Mohammad Hafeez are Pakistan's openers. Billy Stanlake is armed with the new white ball. He can set the speedgun on fire. He runs in from over the stumps. Let's go
9.50am The players and the officials line up for the national anthems under bright sunshine. Australia's players are about to disperse, but oh wait they're playing the extended version of the anthem? Plenty of wry smiles around
If you're joining us from the India, you can watch the game live here on ESPN.in.
9.35am Australia win the toss and choose to bowl in Malik's 100th T20I
Australia XI: Aaron Finch (capt), D'Arcy Short, Travis Head, Glenn Maxwell, Nic Maddinson, Marcus Stoinis, Alex Carey (wk), Ashton Agar, Andrew Tye, Jhye Richardson, Billy Stanlake
Pakistan XI: Mohammad Hafeez, Fakhar Zaman, Hussain Talat, Sarfraz Ahmed(capt&wk), Shoaib Malik, Asif Ali, Shadab Khan, Mohammad Nawaz, Faheem Ashraf, Hasan Ali, Usman Khan
hadi: "Afridi could have been first to 100 T20I matches. Excluding the recent World XI match in Windies, he was out of T20I for quite a while, and yet he remains highest wicket taker along with Malinga, Umar Gul and Ajmal. All of whom are all done with their careers. Im predicting Rashing Khan will break the 100 T20I wickets barrier first."
Nader Abbas: "Fresh from the truimphs against depleted Zimbabwe and less competitive Scotish side in recent t20s it will be interesting to see how num1 t20 side cope with Aussie chalange.A first real challange after they defeated NZ in their own yard later followed by a weakened windies side white washed in Pakistan."
9.25am On Sunday, Malik became the third man to 2000 T20I runs. Today, he's set to become the most capped player in T20Is. He's set to become the first to 100 T20Is. He's been around for... forever. Toss in about five minutes
Salman Zafar: "@hadi, Pakistan's record against Australia in T20s is outstanding, both teams played 14 matches in which Pakistan WON 8 and Australia won just 6.
Tahir: "Doesnt matter what Aussies suffered at the hands of English. This is new series and Aussies will definitely give pak team tough time and even win this one. Maxwell has a good record against pak team." --- In T20Is, Maxwell has scored 156 runs in six innings at a strike-rate of 168
Saboor zahid: "In the last 8 Matches Pakistan they won 7 by Batting First and 1 on chasing. Australia must keep this in mind that by scoring big they can rattle Pakistan batting. When hafeez is making a comeback. Hussain Talat hasn't done much and no babar azam is here. "
hadi: "This is probably the first time I am confident of Pakistan facing Australia and confident of them to end the match on a winning note. Such is the low Aussies are facing atm. Imagine a Pakistani fan CONFIDENT of their team beating Aussies"
Saboor zahid: "No Matter Pakistan is no 1 in T20 but u will see there is always a physiological pressure of Playing against Australia that Pakistan never overcame. "
Imran Hafeez: "Was supposed to leave work at 5 here in Australia. Came early to watch match between Pakistan's young brilliance and Australia's might. Can't wait"
9.20am Bans for Steven Smith, David Warner and Cameron Bancroft won't truly hit home until they are forced to watch their Australian team-mates play Test matches on home soil this summer, the Cricket Australia Board director Mark Taylor said.
9.00am The last time Australia faced Pakistan in a T20I, Shahid Afridi was Pakistan's captain, Shane Watson was still active in international cricket, Sharjeel Khan wasn't banned; Steven Smith and David Warner weren't banned either. And James Faulkner delivered a Man-of-the-Match performance to knock Pakistan out of the World Twenty20 in Mohali. A lot has changed since. Sarfraz Ahmed's Pakistan have won their last eight T20I series and last eight T20I matches on the bounce. Notably, a win today will take their streak to nine - the second best in this format.
Australia, on the other hand, will be looking for some respite after being thumped 6-0 in the limited-overs matches in England. But their tri-series opener will be against the No.1 T20I side, and after Pakistan's clinical drubbing of the hosts in Sunday's game it seems there will be no let-up in intensity for Australia just yet. There can't be, at least.
Mujtaba : "Pakistan winning against Zimbabwe is nothing, but Pakistan winning against Australia is something. Dil Dil Pakistan"
 Innings Start
12.40pm Finch's fifty has made light work of this 117 chase. But, it was Stanlake who had set up this victory with 4 for 8 - the second-best T20I figures for Australia. He ran in hard, hit the pitch harder, and hustled Pakistan for pace and bounce. He has brought Pakistan's eight-match winning streak to a grinding halt. This is also Justin Langer's first win as Australia coach. Do stick around for the presentation.
Billy Stanlake, of course, is the Man of the Match: We had a disappointing tour of the UK. Great for us to get a nice start in the series. My role is to be aggressive upfront and take wickets in the Powerplay and make it hard for the opposition to get on a roll. Hopefully, we can build on this. With the early wickets, Finch kept going with me. First time I have bowled out in one go. Finch was terrific in the field and with the bat.
Sarfraz Ahmed, Pakistan captain: Toss is very important, if you lose too many wickets in first six overs, you can't survive in the match. Credit to Stanlake, he bowled with pace and bounce. Plenty to work on.
Aaron Finch, Australia captain: The tone the bowlers set with the ball on a pretty good wicket was fantastic. We've come here to win the series. We've been putting in plans, it did not come off in England. It was a pretty polished performance here. Richardson bounced back well and they just bowled aggressively and I hung onto some catches. At times, when you're chasing a small total, you try to break the game open.
Qasim: "The only thing I don't understand from this game is Hafeez opening. It's been a long time since he opened regularly. Him not being at his best at the top created the pressure to which all the rest succumbed. Other than this, this team is still number 1 to me. Don't judge the team on one bad day when they have played marvellously the past year and half and got to the top."
Yasir: "I have always said that any team that needs to gain its form back must play against Pakistan. All of a sudden you'll feel the difference. but vise versa is also true, Pakistan can crash any strong side just like CT2017."
Kabir: "It seems as the trend going in this tri series- Next match Zimbabwe are going to give a sound thrashing to Australia!!!"
That is that from this game. Hope you enjoyed the coverage as much as we did bringing it to you. This is Deivarayan Muthu signing off on the behalf of Thilak Ram.
10.5;4;Shadab to Finch, FOUR runs Shadab tosses a legbreak wide outside off, Finch muscles it away in the air against the turn. Asif Ali at long-on makes a mess of it and drops the catch. The ball plinks away to the boundary for four. Sums up Pakistan's day;
10.4;6;Shadab to Finch, SIX runs tossed up outside off, right in Finch's swinging arc. He ventures outside leg and clubs a six over long-off;
10.3;1;Shadab to Head, 1 run clipped off the hips to square leg;
10.2;1;Shadab to Finch, 1 run wrong'un to right-hander, spins back in, squeezed away for one;
10.1;1;Shadab to Head, 1 run floated up and spins away, this wrong'un is dabbed away to short third man for one;
9.6;2;Usman Shinwari to Finch, 2 runs clipped off the pads to deep square's right;
9.5;4lb;Usman Shinwari to Finch, 4 leg byes back of a length, pitches outside leg, skids off the pitch to catch the thigh. The ball rolls away to the third-man boundary;
9.4;4;Usman Shinwari to Finch, FOUR runs can't bowl down the leg side when you have fine leg inside the circle. Banged down leg, helped away fine of that fielder. Easy peasy;
9.3;1;Usman Shinwari to Head, 1 run Head shimmies out and clips a length ball from outside off to backward square leg;
9.2;3;Usman Shinwari to Finch, 3 runs short and angling into the body, pulled away to long leg for three. Finch celebrates his fifty;
9.1;1;Usman Shinwari to Head, 1 run punched on the up to sweeper cover;
8.6;?;Shadab to Finch, no run another short legbreak, forced to the covers;
8.5;1;Shadab to Head, 1 run uses his feet and nudges a legbreak wide of short fine leg for one more;
8.4;1;Shadab to Finch, 1 run short and spins away outside off, lashed to sweeper again;
8.3;1;Shadab to Head, 1 run full on middle, dropped to short cover's left for one. Nawaz doesn't gather the ball cleanly;
8.2;1;Shadab to Finch, 1 run short, wide, cracked to sweeper cover off the back foot;
8.1;1;Shadab to Head, 1 run tossed on middle, run away to point;
7.6;1;Nawaz to Head, 1 run back of a length on the stumps, forced down to long-on;
7.5;1;Nawaz to Finch, 1 run clips an arm ball off his pads to square leg;
7.4;?;Nawaz to Finch, no run back of a length on middle, backs away and clubs a cut to backward point;
7.3;1;Nawaz to Head, 1 run floated up outside off, Head ventures down the track but does not meet the pitch. He still goes through with the loft but ends up slicing it in the air and gets away;
7.3;2w;Nawaz to Finch, 2 wide Finch steps away outside leg, Nawaz fires it down leg side, the ball bursts out of Sarfraz's gloves;
7.2;1;Nawaz to Head, 1 run uses his feet and works it with the turn to midwicket;
7.1;1;Nawaz to Finch, 1 run darted in on off, worked away to the leg side for one;
6.6;1;Shadab to Finch, 1 run full and holds its line outside off, forward and laced to the covers, where the fielder makes a diving stop to keep it to one;
6.5;?;Shadab to Finch, no run Shadab holds this legbreak back. It dips, creating distance between the bat and the pitch. Finch has a loose waft at it and is beaten on the outside edge;
6.4;6;Shadab to Finch, SIX runs Finch clears long-off now and fetches another six. This is a legbreak, full and spins away outside off, Finch gets under the length and smokes it away;
6.3;6;Shadab to Finch, SIX runs tossed outside off, breaks back in, picks another wrong'un and hoists it with the turn over the long-on boundary like a boss;
6.2;4;Shadab to Finch, FOUR runs wrong'un this time, full and spins in outside off, drags it with the turn over midwicket. Slog-swept away, splitting the two men in the deep on leg side;
6.1;?;Shadab to Finch, no run back of a length and spins away outside off, Finch searches for the googly and plays the legbreak back to Shadab;
5.6;?;Hasan Ali to Head, no run yorker on middle, squeezed back to the left of the bowler;
5.5;1;Hasan Ali to Finch, 1 run short and skidding into the body, cramps the batsman for room, pulls it weakly as the ball pops over midwicket;
5.4;?;Hasan Ali to Finch, no run slower offcutter outside off, Finch reaches out for the ball and forces it away to point;
5.3;6;Hasan Ali to Finch, SIX runs dug in short and outside off, Finch picks up the length swiftly. He rocks back and launches a pull beyond the square-leg boundary. Cracking hit from Finch;
5.2;1;Hasan Ali to Head, 1 run full on middle, tip and run to point;
5.1;1lb;Hasan Ali to Finch, 1 leg bye back of a length and angling into the hips, worked away between square leg and midwicket for one;
4.6;1;Shadab to Finch, 1 run shorter googly, spins back in, cramps Finch for room, stabbed back to Shadab;
4.5;1;Shadab to Head, 1 run deflected off the pads to short fine leg for one;
4.4;1;Shadab to Finch, 1 run Finch backs away outside leg, Shadab darts in a short ball on middle, flaps a pull to long-on's right;
4.3;?;Shadab to Finch, no run shortish and slides on outside off, punched through the line to mid-off;
4.2;1;Shadab to Head, 1 run shorter and spins into the pads, tucked around the corner for one off the back foot;
4.1;2;Shadab to Head, 2 runs pushed through just a shade outside off, clipped away between deep midwicket and wide long-on;
3.6;?;Hasan Ali to Finch, no run full and angling into middle, forward and played back to Hasan;
3.5;1;Hasan Ali to Head, 1 run steered down to third man from the stumps;
3.4;4;Hasan Ali to Head, FOUR runs short, wide, Head frees his arms and hammers it away to the left of backward point and right of the covers. Rasping back-foot cut;
3.4;5w;Hasan Ali to Head, 5 wide full and sprayed down the leg side, past the flick, past the diving keeper;
3.3;?;Hasan Ali to Head, no run back of a length and bounces outside off to beat Head in the channel;
3.2;W;Hasan Ali to Short, OUT Hasan hands Pakistan the breakthrough. Hip-high short ball outside off, right in the slot to be thumped over short midwicket, instead Short weakly pulls it to Talat. Nice little birthday gift for Hasan;D'Arcy Short c Hussain Talat b Hasan Ali 15 (14b 3x4 0x6) SR: 107.14;
3.1;?;Hasan Ali to Short, no run short and angling in from round the stumps, punched to midwicket;
2.6;4;Usman Shinwari to Finch, FOUR runs back of a length and angling across off stump, Finch stands up tall and elegantly punches through the covers. Australia have already shaved 35 runs off the target;
2.5;1;Usman Shinwari to Short, 1 run short and outside off, swivels on the back foot and pulls it away to deep square leg;
2.4;4;Usman Shinwari to Short, FOUR runs slower and fuller outside off, Pakistan continue to bleed runs, stretches out and drives it stylishly between covers and mid-off. Hat-trick of fours for Short;
2.3;4;Usman Shinwari to Short, FOUR runs this is even better! Usman Khan drags his length back and gets it to hold its line outside off. Short gets on top of the bounce and crisply punches it through the same region. Look at that high elbow and timing...;
2.2;4;Usman Shinwari to Short, FOUR runs on a length and outside off, Short takes it on the up and crunnnnnnches a drive through extra cover. Dismissive;
2.1;?;Usman Shinwari to Short, no run full and angling in at off from over the wicket, squirted away to mid-off;
1.6;6;Nawaz to Finch, SIX runs another arm ball from Nawaz, finishes on the pads of Finch, who, having backed away outside leg, nails another six over long-on to close out the over with back-to-back sixes;
1.5;6;Nawaz to Finch, SIX runs Finch tees off and launches this full ball angling into his pads into the stands beyond long-on. Such a smooth swing;
1.4;1;Nawaz to Short, 1 run down the track, speared in at the pads, driven out to long-on;
1.3;?;Nawaz to Short, no run fuller and drifts away outside off, much slower through the air. Short stretches out and slices a drive to point;
1.2;?;Nawaz to Short, no run back of a length and skids on outside off, Short hangs back and turns the ball to the leg side;
1.2;1w;Nawaz to Short, 1 wide good length, starts on middle and breaks down leg, leg-side wide;
1.1;1;Nawaz to Finch, 1 run full and angling into middle and leg, whipped in the air to deep square leg;
0.6;?;Usman Shinwari to Short, no run full inducker from Usman Khan, starts outside off, swerves back in, catches the batsman on the crease and hits the pad but this might have been heading down with the sharp angle from over the wicket and the seam movement to boot;
0.5;1;Usman Shinwari to Finch, 1 run on a length and slanting away outside off, tip and run to mid-on;
0.4;?;Usman Shinwari to Finch, no run full and angling across off, scoops a drive to mid-off;
0.4;1w;Usman Shinwari to Finch, 1 wide back of a length and angling away outside off, swish and a miss from Finch. Off-side wide;
0.3;1;Usman Shinwari to Short, 1 run full and slanting in on off from over the wicket, inside-edged onto the pad. The ball rolls away towards point, Short gets off the mark;
0.2;?;Usman Shinwari to Short, no run short and angling in on middle from over the wicket, Short stands tall and punchily defends it back to the bowler;
0.1;?;Usman Shinwari to Short, no run attempted short ball, wide outside off, but does not bounce as much as Short expected as sneaks under the bat;

11.45am Welcome back for the chase. Usman Khan has the new ball for Pakistan. Short takes strike, Finch at the other end
Salman Zafar: "WWWWWWWW(?) let's see the question mark change with W or L, I hope it'll be "W" because Aussies also have some pressure over them... they also have a 9-match losing streak behind them. 3 test from South Africa, 5 ODIs from England and a T20 from England"
 Innings Start
Pakistan
Australia
2nd match, Harare, Jul 2 2018, ZIM T20 Tri Series
116
117/1
Player of the match is Billy Stanlake, AUS
Australia won by 9 wickets (with 55 balls remaining)
