Data
Pakistan have got 147 for 6. Might not look formidable, but taking the pace off has made run-scoring difficult on this surface. And they defended 155 very handily in the last match.
Still, Pakistan will feel they left a few runs in the bank, with the Hafeez-Babar Azam partnership perhaps a tad too slow to accelerate. Australia should feel positive about chasing this down, if the ghosts of the first T20I don't come back to haunt them.
19.6;1lb;Tye to Faheem, 1 leg bye tried to repeat the previous shot, but was late on it, and the ball trickles to short third man.;
19.5;6;Tye to Faheem, SIX runs gets hold of it picked up the change of pace beautifully, stayed back and clobbered it over deep midwicket;
19.4;1;Tye to Imad Wasim, 1 run slower ball, full on the stumps, gets an inside edge to short fine leg;
19.3;1;Tye to Faheem, 1 run well timed, but Maxwell is there at the square-leg fence and he's been superb on the field. short ball, pulled away, but Maxwell cuts it off and throws it back like a rocket;
19.2;2;Tye to Faheem, 2 runs yorker length, moved a touch away and swings it towards midwicket;
19.1;4;Tye to Faheem, FOUR runs high bouncer, he plays it cleverly, to the vacant fine leg region for four;
18.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Faheem, 1 run;
18.5;W;Coulter-Nile to Hasan Ali, OUT Mitch Marsh juggles and holds on No batting heroics from Hasan Ali this time. Mid-off was up, and he bowled a full length delivery. Hasan cleared his leg and swung, but got only the toe-end to it. The ball was going behind Marsh. He ran back, arms outstretched, got the ball in both hands. It popped out, but he had the presence of mind to grab it again.;Hasan Ali c Marsh b Coulter-Nile 0 (1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
18.4;W;Coulter-Nile to Malik, OUT Pakistan are falling away a bit Malik cleared his back leg and tried to go over the in-field, but no timing again - and Mitch Marsh at mid-off holds on comfortably;Shoaib Malik c Marsh b Coulter-Nile 14 (12b 1x4 0x6) SR: 116.66;
18.3;1lb;Coulter-Nile to Faheem, 1 leg bye struck on the pads, but perhaps too high. Goes for the quicker one, and the batsman is late on his flick;
18.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Malik, 1 run back of a length again, but slower ball on the stumps. Has to wait for it and swivels it to deep square leg;
18.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Faheem, 1 run back of a length on the stumps, goes hard at it but no timing.;
17.6;2;Tye to Malik, 2 runs slower ball again, wide of off, he manages to get down and slash it over the in-field to the man on the point fence;
17.5;1;Tye to Faheem, 1 run slower ball, back of a length on the stumps. The batsman has no pace to work with, ends up hitting fairly tamely to deep midwicket;
17.5;1w;Tye to Faheem, 1 wide wrong line, too far down leg and he'll be wided for that;
17.4;1;Tye to Malik, 1 run fuller length, driven from the stumps to cover;
17.3;1;Tye to Faheem, 1 run slower ball on the pads, he swivels it to short fine-leg, with no timing;
17.2;1;Tye to Malik, 1 run;
17.1;4;Tye to Malik, FOUR runs gets his line wrong, and with the fine leg up, a length ball on the pads is a free gift. helps it down to the fence;
16.6;W;Stanlake to Asif Ali, OUT clobbered straight to the man on the point fence back of a length on off, he timed it pretty well, but it went straight to D'Arcy Short.;Asif Ali c Short b Stanlake 9 (6b 0x4 1x6) SR: 150;
16.5;1;Stanlake to Malik, 1 run tried to work it into the legside but gets an outside edge that drops near him. They run through for a quick single;
16.4;1;Stanlake to Asif Ali, 1 run bouncer An attempted slower bouncer, it rose head high. Asif managed to hoick it down to deep square-leg;
16.3;6;Stanlake to Asif Ali, SIX runs clubbed Asif Ali is known for his big-hitting and he shows why. Length ball on the stumps, he goes deep inside his crease, and whacks it into the stands at midwicket;
16.2;1;Stanlake to Malik, 1 run length ball outside off, steered to third man;
16.1;1;Stanlake to Asif Ali, 1 run length ball, coming back in a touch on off, worked down to long-on;
15.6;1;Short to Asif Ali, 1 run tossed up and he drives it down to long-on;
15.5;?;Short to Asif Ali, no run full on the stumps, patted back;
15.4;W;Short to Babar Azam, OUT Finch holds a smart catch on the long-off boundary He knew he had to accelerate, and tried to go big, Got hold of the ball, but not quite well enough. Finch kept calm right on the ropes and held the ball over his head without disbalancing.;Babar Azam c Finch b Short 45 (44b 3x4 0x6) SR: 102.27;
15.3;?;Short to Babar Azam, no run lets it go, not a wide it was there for the cut, but he just let it go. Inside the white line, so poor call by the batsman;
15.2;1;Short to Malik, 1 run flatter on leg stump, worked away to deep midwicket;
15.1;1;Short to Babar Azam, 1 run tossed up, he goes for the big booming drive, but only manages a thin outside edge that goes to short third man;
14.6;1;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 run he's hitting a great length. Ideal for getting the batsman just enough forward but not able to drive with authority. This is tapped into the offside;
14.5;1;Zampa to Malik, 1 run flighed on the stumps, draws him on the front foot. Malik reaches it and drives past the bowler;
14.4;1;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 run tossed up, comes down the track and converts to a full toss but can only stroke it to the man on the cover fence;
14.3;1;Zampa to Malik, 1 run tossed up on leg stump, driven down to long-on's right;
14.2;?;Zampa to Malik, no run full ball, driven to cover off the back foot;
14.1;1lb;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 leg bye past the outside edge, sharp turn finds the ideal length and it whizzes past the edge and down to third man;
13.6;W;Stanlake to Hafeez, OUT pulled straight to deep square leg Short ball, rising up to pulling height near the shoulders and Hafeez got hold of that well. However, his placement was completely off, and he picked out D'Arcy Short with precision.;Mohammad Hafeez c Short b Stanlake 40 (34b 3x4 2x6) SR: 117.64;
13.5;?;Stanlake to Hafeez, no run in the channel, back of a length. Too close to cut, but he goes for it anyway, and misses it altogether;
13.4;6;Stanlake to Hafeez, SIX runs paddled for six pre-meditated by Hafeez, he had moved across and got in position, simply guided this full ball over fine leg. Got enough on it to clear the man on the fence;
13.3;1;Stanlake to Babar Azam, 1 run length ball on the stumps, flicked to midwicket;
13.2;2;Stanlake to Babar Azam, 2 runs better timing there, steered to third man;
13.1;?;Stanlake to Babar Azam, no run slower ball, nearly inside edged on to the stumps. Tries to come on the front foot and slap it to midwicket, but almost misses it. The ball almost hits leg stump;
12.6;1;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 run worked away to deep midwicket off the front foot;
12.5;?;Zampa to Babar Azam, no run he just can't work Zampa out. Comes down the track but can't quite get to the pitch of the ball, ends up patting it tamely back;
12.4;?;Zampa to Babar Azam, no run close call perfect length, dips and turns, he misses the cut and the ball misses the stumps;
12.3;1;Zampa to Hafeez, 1 run tossed up on off, and he tries to go big again. But toe-ended again, and bounces down to long-off;
12.2;1;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 run comes down the track, but can't get any timing on his drive. Just goes off the toe end to extra cover;
12.1;1;Zampa to Hafeez, 1 run good length, pitching on middle and turning away. Guided with the spin to the left of cover;
11.6;1;Tye to Hafeez, 1 run just wide of Tye Didn't pick the slower ball, and was into his shot too early, only ended up chipping it back. Tye had his left hand outstretched in his follow-through, but it went just past;
11.5;1;Tye to Babar Azam, 1 run comes down the track to this back of length delivery on off and slaps it past cover. Sweeper cleans up on the boundary.;
11.4;1;Tye to Hafeez, 1 run full ball on the stumps, driven off his toes to wide long-on.;
11.3;1;Tye to Babar Azam, 1 run slower ball, back of a length on off. He had to wait for it and paddle-pull it to deep midwicket;
11.2;1;Tye to Hafeez, 1 run short of a length on off, steered to third man;
11.1;4;Tye to Hafeez, FOUR runs Tye starts with a bad ball. Slower off-cutter, but too short and on leg stump. With fine leg up, all he had to do is guide it past the man;
10.6;1;Short to Hafeez, 1 run full ball on the pads, flicked to midwicket;
10.5;1;Short to Babar Azam, 1 run patted down to long-on;
10.4;2;Short to Babar Azam, 2 runs goes aerial wide long-on runs around and slides to block it - can't really call that a chance;
10.3;2;Short to Babar Azam, 2 runs run out chance some air, and pitched up on the stumps, he goes deep into his crease to work it away towards midwicket. Maxwell was very quick there, the batsmen thought it was an easy two, but had he hit direct, the batsman would have been a goner;
10.2;1;Short to Hafeez, 1 run flatter and a touch short on the stumps, he swivels and pulls it to deep square leg;
10.1;1;Short to Babar Azam, 1 run down the track, but just chips it down to long-off;
9.6;1;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 run good length on middle, and pulled to deep midwicket;
9.5;1;Zampa to Hafeez, 1 run dropped at long on! Difficult chance with the ball dipping heavily, but Coulter-Nile doesn't run forward in time. Short ball on off, and Hafeez tried to pull. But he sliced it right into the wobbly hands of the fielder in the deep;
9.4;1;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 run good length outside off again. No turn this time, cut into the ground to deep point;
9.3;1;Zampa to Hafeez, 1 run length ball outside off, and cut in front of square on this occasion;
9.2;?;Zampa to Hafeez, no run full outside off, and driven with the turn to cover. Lands just short of Finch;
9.1;1;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 run chipped! But nobody's there at mid off. Full outside off, and uppishly driven to long off;
8.6;1;Short to Babar Azam, 1 run tossed up on middle, and he skips down the ground to tap the ball away to deep midwicket. They jog across for one;
8.5;1;Short to Hafeez, 1 run length ball on leg stump, and spinning down leg. But the batsman opts to raise his front leg, and drag a pull behind square for one;
8.4;?;Short to Hafeez, no run overpitched on middle, and he check-drives right back to Short. Quick from the left-arm wristspinner;
8.3;1;Short to Babar Azam, 1 run full on middle, and nudged off his pads to square leg for a jogging single;
8.2;1;Short to Hafeez, 1 run short again, but turning into the batsman after landing on middle. Clobbers another pull to deep midwicket for a walking single;
8.1;1;Short to Babar Azam, 1 run short ball that skids through. Lands on off, and pulled along the ground to deep midwicket;
7.6;?;Zampa to Hafeez, no run length ball outside off, and cut with the turn to backward point. But stopped before it can go past the infield;
7.5;?;Zampa to Hafeez, no run full outside off, and turning away. Mistimes the straight drive back to the bowler;
7.4;1;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 run good length on off, and pulled off the back foot to midwicket. Skiddy delivery, not timed perfectly;
7.3;1;Zampa to Hafeez, 1 run full on leg, and Hafeez skips down the wicket. Almost beats the batsman, but his front-foot defense takes the outside edge to point;
7.2;?;Zampa to Hafeez, no run tossed up just outside off, and he caresses a drive to Finch at cover. No chance of a run;
7.1;6;Zampa to Hafeez, SIX runs welcomes Zampa with a maximum! Tossed up outside off, and he walks down the wicket to smack this right over the bowler's head;
6.6;?;Marsh to Babar Azam, no run slower ball, full on off stump. Scrambled seam, and defended towards the non-striker to see the over out;
6.5;?;Marsh to Babar Azam, no run length ball on off stump. Wicket-to-wicket line, and defended off the back foot;
6.4;?;Marsh to Babar Azam, no run good length on off, and he tiptoes to nudge a flick to midwicket. Maxwell has an aim at the stumps with Hafeez halfway down the wicket, but he can't get the direct hit;
6.3;1;Marsh to Hafeez, 1 run length ball outside off, and the ball stays slightly low. Cut to third man;
6.2;4;Marsh to Hafeez, FOUR runs beats short fine leg! Length ball on off, but Hafeez shuffles across exposing all three stumps, and then paddles this fine between the keeper and the infielder;
6.1;?;Marsh to Hafeez, no run good length outside off, and punched off the back foot to cover;
5.6;1;Tye to Hafeez, 1 run length ball on off, and pulled along the ground to deep midwicket. Pakistan on 46/1 after the Powerplay;
5.5;?;Tye to Hafeez, no run length ball outside off, but angling in. Tapped off the back foot - with the bat's open face - to point;
5.4;?;Tye to Hafeez, no run full and wide outside off, slower from Tye (113kph) and the cover drive is mistimed to the fielder inside the circle;
5.3;?;Tye to Hafeez, no run full on middle, but going down leg again. Hafeez tries to flick, but it hits his pad and into Carey's glove. A smart take, on the dive;
5.3;1w;Tye to Hafeez, 1 wide length ball on middle, and once again angling down leg. Hafeez tried to pull, but missed it. Not sure what Tye is trying: fine leg is inside the circle;
5.3;1w;Tye to Hafeez, 1 wide short! But misdirected. Lands on middle, and goes down leg;
5.2;2;Tye to Hafeez, 2 runs just over mid on! Length ball outside off, but it's the slower ball from Tye. Hafeez tries to drive over cover, but ends up flicking it towards the leg side with the bat turning in his hand;
5.1;1;Tye to Babar Azam, 1 run length ball angling in, and nudged off his hips to deep square leg. Five more balls remain in this Powerplay;
4.6;?;Stanlake to Hafeez, no run through to Carey! Extra pace and bounce to end the over. Hafeez tries to cut this square, but the ball was too close to his body;
4.5;4;Stanlake to Hafeez, FOUR runs pulled again! Stanlake misses his length, and Babar was waiting for the short ball. Gauges the length early, and smacks this right over the square-leg umpire;
4.4;1;Stanlake to Babar Azam, 1 run ramped! But goes to third man on the bounce. Played this length ball with the angled bat. Slightly uppishly;
4.3;4;Stanlake to Babar Azam, FOUR runs length ball outside off, and Babar exposes two stumps and then opens the bat's face to steer a perfect shot past the fielder at backward point! Excellent wristwork;
4.2;1lb;Stanlake to Hafeez, 1 leg bye full but angling down leg. Hafeez looks to glance it fine past the keeper, but it hits his pads and dribbles away to short fine leg;
4.1;1;Stanlake to Babar Azam, 1 run good length on middle, and tapped off the back foot past the non-striker. A confident call early for a run from Babar;
3.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Hafeez, no run back of a length outside off to Hafeez. Slower ball, slightly. Fended off the back foot;
3.5;W;Coulter-Nile to Zaman, OUT backs away, but misses! Coulter-Nile thinks there's an edge. The bowler is convinced, Carey not so much, but Finch reviews anyway. Fakhar had backed away, and Coulter-Nile had followed him with a short ball aimed at his body. Extra bounce forced Fakhar to miss, and the ball went just above his bat. Did he get a feather touch? That's the question. And yes, it's an edge! Fakhar must go.;Fakhar Zaman c ?Carey b Coulter-Nile 11 (12b 1x4 0x6) SR: 91.66;
3.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Babar Azam, 1 run full on his pads, and worked off his pads to deep backward square once again for a walking single;
3.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Zaman, 1 run Coulter-Nile from round the wicket, and that's full but wide outside off. Fakhar reaches out, and mistimes a drive to cover. Tye intercepts;
3.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Babar Azam, 1 run length ball angling in, and nudged off his pads to deep square leg;
3.1;4;Coulter-Nile to Babar Azam, FOUR runs pulled with disdain! Short on off, and he rides the bounce to use his wrists and place a perfectly hit pull shot behind square for four more. Another boundary to start off an NCN over;
2.6;1;Stanlake to Babar Azam, 1 run length ball on off, angling in. Pushed with the angled bat to cover point for a jogging single;
2.5;1lb;Stanlake to Zaman, 1 leg bye big appeal for lbw but not given. Full on leg, and Fakhar misses another leg-side swipe. Hits his front leg, but replays suggest it pitched outside the stumps. The ball, by the way, whizzes away to point for a leg-bye;
2.4;1;Stanlake to Babar Azam, 1 run length ball on off, and worked off his pads to deep backward square. A simple flick to rotate the strike;
2.3;?;Stanlake to Babar Azam, no run good length just outside off, and confidently punched off the back foot to the fielder at cover;
2.2;1;Stanlake to Zaman, 1 run overpitched on off stump, and he mistimes a drive to cover off the front foot. Better calling from the two batsmen now, a firm 'yes' to take the single;
2.1;4;Stanlake to Zaman, FOUR runs how did that miss leg stump?! Full on middle, and Fakhar looks to swing across the line. Takes the bat's inside-edge, and flies through to the fine-leg boundary;
1.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Zaman, 1 run length ball on leg stump, and Fakhar wedges a shot towards square leg off his pads. They pinch a single;
1.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Zaman, no run back of a length outside leg stump, and he misses the pull shot. Hits the bottom of his bat and rolls back to the bowler;
1.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Zaman, no run through to the keeper! Just past Fakhar's outside edge there. Length ball on middle, and too close to his body for the cut. Beaten by the pace too;
1.3;2;Coulter-Nile to Zaman, 2 runs length ball on middle, and angling away. Carved off the back foot past point. Stanlake cleans up in the deep;
1.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Babar Azam, 1 run full, but closer to off stump. Pushed away with a small backlift to cover for a quick single;
1.1;4;Coulter-Nile to Babar Azam, FOUR runs full outside off, and swinging away slightly. Babar meets this ball on the front foot, and caresses a drive through to the extra-cover boundary!;
0.6;2;Maxwell to Zaman, 2 runs uses his feet! Full outside off, and Fakhar's danced down the wicket. Slashes hard at this, and manages to clear mid off. A couple more for Pakistan. What an entertaining first over;
0.5;1;Maxwell to Babar Azam, 1 run length ball on leg, and clipped away to square leg for a quick single;
0.5;1w;Maxwell to Babar Azam, 1 wide length ball outside leg, and Carey takes a sharp collection behind the stumps;
0.4;?;Maxwell to Babar Azam, no run pushed off the front foot towards cover;
0.3;1lb;Maxwell to Zaman, 1 leg bye chance of a run out! But he can't get the direct hit. Carey has a shy at it, but alas for Australia. Full on leg, and Fakhar missed a sweep. The ball went towards the leg side and Fakhar was looking for the single. Miscommunication in the middle means Fakhar must run back, but lucky him. They eventually take a single anyway after the overthrow;
0.2;?;Maxwell to Zaman, no run full outside off, and spinning away from Fakhar. Tries to drive away from his body, and splices the shot to point;
0.1;1;Maxwell to Babar Azam, 1 run overpitched on off stump, and Babar mistimes a drive to wide mid on to get Pakistan off the mark;

7.57pm Thanks, Saurabh, and the players are already underway. Carey's practicing his stumping behind the wickets. Fakhar and Babar walk in as well. Babar to take strike. Glenn Maxwell to bowl. Round the wicket.
With that, handing it over to Sreshth.
Justin Langer: "I thought we were good in the field the other night but our batting was a disaster. That's one are we need to get better. I just don't think our plans were great. Hopefully two games left to win the series, and our guys are very aware of that. They're experienced T20 players, hopefully they can change that tonight. If you look at our line-up it's almost like everything or nothing at times, but even the best players need to adapt."
7.54pmMike Hussey reckons this Dubai pitch can play slow and low. "Once you're in and set, you can rotate quite well." Huss also says Australia didn't bat smartly enough in the first T20I, but that it's more of a mental problem than an issue with skills.
Haroon: "Glad to see Asif not dropped...he is the X factor player who even if he perdorms once in 5 innings would be devastating...just need to learn how to use him...Pakistan have the luxury to afford him for that role due to their long batting line up and all rounders..so let him play! "
"It's almost 3am in Australia right now and I've got an exam at 9am but the craze for cricket has kept me awake." - I hope your teachers aren't reading this, Aabis.
Naveed90: "@ Arunabh Well, that will be quite an achievement. Because no player has ever scored a T20I against Pakistan till now" - That is correct. The highest against Pakistan in T20Is is Solomon Mire's 94 in July this year. Full list of highest scores against Pakistan in T20Is here.
Rughaib says: "After 2007 T20 world cup.. cricket has totally changed as game. How Australia used to be blockbuster team and how they have come down crashing in all forms of the game. Hope they can come and take up that legacy again. Sincere Australian cricket fan from Pakistan"
... to which Mebs has a counter: "Because Australia have been such an outstanding cricket team for decades, people don't expect them to play badly even through a transition period; all the pessimists and especially the impatient Australia fans must remember they have also 2 of their best players short due to ban." - True enough. Raise your hands if you think the punishment for Smith, Warner and Bancroft didn't fit the crime.
Nabeel Tariq: "Agree with you Maham... Asif Ali would have been dropped instead of Hussain Talat"
7.42pm Meanwhile, on a more sombre note, the 20-year-old Will Pucovski of Victoria has taken an indefinite break from the game. He's a highly rated young Australian batsman who made a double-century in the opening round of the Sheffield Shield. Our good wishes are with Will, and the cricket world will hope to see him back in the middle soon. You can read all about it here.
santhosh: "yagzan : best wishes.. let us know how much u won mate.. cheers"
Maham : "No one seems to have this opinion, but I think Asif Ali should have been dropped instead of Hussain Talat........"
7.35pm Pakistan XI: Fakhar Zaman, Babar Azam, Mohammad Hafeez, Shoaib Malik, Sarfraz Ahmed (capt,wk), Asif Ali, Imad Wasim, Shadab Khan, Faheem Ashraf, Hasan Ali, Shaheen Afridi.
Australia XI: Aaron Finch (capt), D'Arcy Short, Chris Lynn, Ben McDermott, Glenn Maxwell, Alex Carey (wk), Mitchell Marsh, Nathan Coulter-Nile, Andrew Tye, Adam Zampa, Billy Stanlake.
7.30pm Pakistan have won the toss and chosen to bat
One change each for both teams. Shoaib Malik in for Hussain Talat for Pakistan. Mitch Marsh in for Ashton Agar for Australia. We'll have the playing XIs for you shortly.
Anayat K: "Backing Pak here again, if one thinks Aus would improve on that horrible display then on the other side expect Pak also to improve on that middle order collapse where lost 5 wickets for 3 runs. Come on Pakistan. Hope my comment gets mention for the 1st time."
"While everyone's thinking of either of the 2 sides.. I'm hoping all the players I've picked for my fantasy team perform well.. :p" - Well done Yaqzaan, I call that having your priorities sorted.
Awais Amin: "Just like weather is forecasted by extrapolation of humongous data in a super computer. The supercomputer in my brain has, extrapolating the data of Pakistan Cricket History, has predicted that Australia is going to have a smoking victory today. "
Saboor zahid: "I dont know what Australia was thinking but win the toss bat first and even scoring a 120 can rattle pakistan. We all know how good Australian bowlers are. Tye Zampa agar all bowled well in the first T20. "
Arunabh: "Cheer up Australian supporters. Finch to score a 100 and lead his team to a massive victory today. You heard it here first."
Aoun: "It's 2:15 am here in Melbourne and it better be a game worth staying awake. My Saturday is on the line here. "
"Australia = a certain ship called the "Titanic". Pakistan = a large block of ice floating randomly in the sea. And we all know how that story ended!! As an Australian fan I can't see how the Australian team can turn their ship so quickly as to avoid a catastrophic ending. RIP most of this team!" - says Desmo. Something tells me he's not in a cheery mood...
Awais: "May be the Aussies didn't like the trophy :) " - there's something in that. Why not head over to our fun voting page, and pick which is the most bizarre trophy you've seen. So far, this one takes... er... the biscuit.
shah: "I really hope they don't bench Hussain Talat to make may for Malik. There's something in this guy, Talat, which makes me think he can be Pakistan's Yuvraj"
7.15pm We are 15 minutes away from the toss. Why not read Danyal Rasool's preview, in which he says Justin Langer and company will have reason to be alarmed at the lack of fight shown by Australia, especially in the format that gave them the best chance to be competitive.
Continuing with the theme of radically different opinions on this match, Imtanan Akbar says: "With Shoaib Malik back in playing 11, I feel pakistan will be hard to beat by Aussies." But Malik Murad has the opposite take: "My sixth sense says Aussies will come back strong today! Lets see. Looking forward for a entertaining match!"
7.12pm For our Australian readers, here's something interesting in case you missed it. David Warner is set to play in the Bangladesh Premier League, having signed up with the Sylhet Sixers.
Omar: "Aussies are going through lean patch, in all three formats of the game but I strongly believe they will come back strongly soon, but for now Pakistan is on top of the world in T20, wish they can continue today from where they left on Wednesday "
Abu Rohaan Ahma: "No doubt Pakistan have one the first match but they must focus on their middle order.that collapsed in first match"
"I hope this game shall be interesting not one-sided. Australia should wisely select playing 11" says Shahrukh (not Khan, I presume).
Ejaz habeeb says "Pak will again play tremendous game" but Kashi2052 feels differently: "I don't Know Why but Being Pakistani I still feel Like today's Aussies Day - jinx :P"
7.05pm Aaron Finch had described the batting collapse in the first T20I as a "car crash", and with good reason. Can the Aussies salvage something from their tour? They showed splendid resilience in the first Test, led by Usman Khawaja, but there hasn't been much to smile about since.
7.00pm Hello and welcome to our live ball by ball commentary for this second T20I between Pakistan and Australia. It's a must-win game for the Aussies, who were bowled out for just 89 in the first match. This is Saurabh Somani, and I'll be joined by Sreshth Shah.
 Innings Start
11.40pm That's it from us for this second T20I. Pakistan were the dominant team, and though Maxwell, and later Coulter-Nile, injected some excitement in the chase, Australia were always playing catch-up. When Pakistan batted, it seemed like they had been a little sluggish, but their bowlers were outstanding. Imad Wasim gave up only 8 runs in 4 overs, and the Australian batsmen were tied down from the start. By the time Maxwell found his groove, the asking rate had soared. Pakistan have now won the series, and the final T20I will be a dead rubber. This is Saurabh Somani, signing off on behalf of Sreshth Shah.
11.31pm Imad Wasim is the Man of the Match. "I've been doing it for a while, I enjoy bowling in the Powerplay. Today's wicket was different to Abu Dhabi, it was supporting spinners. I've been working really hard, even when I was out of the team. Credit goes to Azhar Mahmood as well (bowling coach), I've been working with him. I knew they weren't going to attack me, because they had six wickets left, so I thought I'll flight it. If the batsmen are hitting me with hard hands, I try to bowl slow, otherwise I stick to my basics."

Aaron Finch: "We were probably just a bit tentative in the Powerplay. Being six down last game, we tried to be conservative. And when Pakistan put the squeeze on you, it can get tough. They are No.1 for a reason. We'll come out in Game 3 and give it our best. All the chatter around was around the wicket and our positive intent. We allowed them to bowl a lot of dot balls, the pressure built and the run-rate goes from 7 to 9 pretty quickly."
Sarfraz Ahmed: "It's not easy to win 10 series on the trot in the T20 format. The way we have played and improved has been very good. We have improved batting, bowling and fielding, and our management and selection committee deserves credit. We have given confidence to all our players. I was confident of Shaheen bowling the last over, he may be inexperienced but he showed that he has the capacity to be a big bowler. He bowled well in a tough situation. The spinners are also doing well. Imad's arrival had brought good balance, and all the bowlers are doing really well, spinners as well as pacers. My strategy was to bring Hasan in in the fifth or sixth over, but seeing the pitch, I thought he'd work better later on that's why I brought him on late. I felt we played too many dot balls while batting, if we cut that down then we can get to 160-170. We'll try to give those on the bench a go in the last game."
Dr.Tahir: "Its really sad that there is no T20 WC this year. I would love to see this Pakistan T20 side play in a T20 World cup. It would have been some task beating them too. "
Mustafa Moudi: "None of Aus batsman had a S/R higher than 100 other than these 2, Specially the top 3 consumed 24 Balls(4 overs) extra than what they scored. Definitely, The main reason for their loss !!"
19.6;2;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Tye, 2 runs Pakistan have won the series, taking a 2-0 lead with one to play It's their tenth T20I series win in a row. The ball itself was on legstump and driven wide of long-on, but it's all academic. Maxwell is distraught in the dugout. Pakistan have won by 11 runs, and Sarfraz keeps his record intact - he's never captained Pakistan to a loss in a T20I series;
19.5;W;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Coulter-Nile, OUT fuller ball on the stumps and Coulter-Nile makes good contact, but sends it soaring to the man on the cover fence, and Asif Ali takes a few steps to his left and holds on comfortably.;Nathan Coulter-Nile c Asif Ali b Shaheen Shah Afridi 27 (17b 0x4 3x6) SR: 158.82;
19.4;2;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Coulter-Nile, 2 runs slashed away to third man and they can only get two. So Australia need 14 off 2 balls and it's all but over;
19.3;W;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Maxwell, OUT is that the match for Pakistan? Maxwell got it off the toe-end and it went miles in the air. Shoaib Malik at long-on kept calm, settled in under it and clutched it to his chest. No chance of the ball popping out. Maxwell's entertaining knock ends. And you'd think so do Australia's chances;Glenn Maxwell c Shoaib Malik b Shaheen Shah Afridi 52 (37b 4x4 2x6) SR: 140.54;
19.2;1;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Coulter-Nile, 1 run length ball on off at normal pace, he gets it higher on the bat to cover;
19.1;6;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Coulter-Nile, SIX runs that's hit the roof! tried for a yorker, and Coulter-Nile cleared his leg and sent it soaring up, up, up and away! That hit the top of the tier over long-on;
18.6;?;Hasan Ali to Maxwell, no run slower bouncer, beautifully bowled. Maxwell made room, but bailed out of the clubbed pull;
18.5;1;Hasan Ali to Coulter-Nile, 1 run good yorker, but dug out well to cover;
18.4;6;Hasan Ali to Coulter-Nile, SIX runs clobbered! slower ball sat up, Coulter-Nile freed his arms and sent it soaring over midwicket;
18.3;1;Hasan Ali to Maxwell, 1 run fell short of the man on the point fence Shadab Khan ran in from the boundary and dived forward, but couldn't hold on. Maxwell had slashed it hard;
18.2;1;Hasan Ali to Coulter-Nile, 1 run length ball on the stumps, pulled without timing to long-on;
18.1;1;Hasan Ali to Maxwell, 1 run clubbed into the offside, but only a single to the man on the point fence;
17.6;1;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Maxwell, 1 run back of a length on off, he tucks it away to long-on to bring up a fifty. He's been the only one who has given Australia a semblance of hope;
17.5;6;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Maxwell, SIX runs Maxwell connects! Went for the yorker, didn't quite get it. Maxwell went back straight over the bowler's head, full face of the bat and the ball lands beyond the fence;
17.5;1w;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Maxwell, 1 wide that is a bigger wide. loses his line completely and goes even more wide down leg. Maxwell tried to hit a six again and missed;
17.5;1w;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Maxwell, 1 wide just misses his line slightly and it's a wide. Still a victory of sorts for the youngster, because Maxwell wanted to send it over fine leg but missed;
17.4;?;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Maxwell, no run what an over this is turning out to be keeps it outside off that time, just wide enough and taking the pace off. Maxwell tries to drag it across to the legside, misses again;
17.3;?;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Maxwell, no run through him quick ball that time, angling in off a length and he tried to go for the big heave. connected with air;
17.2;1;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Coulter-Nile, 1 run another slower ball, gets it to mid-off off the toe-end of the bat. He was aiming for cow corner again;
17.1;?;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Coulter-Nile, no run swing and a miss. Slower ball wide outside off, he tries to go big and misses;
16.6;?;Hasan Ali to Maxwell, no run bouncer on leg stump, he tries to get inside the line and hoick it to fine leg but misses. No wide called. Marginal that.;
16.5;2;Hasan Ali to Maxwell, 2 runs misfield by Imad clubbed to cover, and Pakistan just getting a bit ragged. That went through him and Hafeez cleaned up;
16.4;4;Hasan Ali to Maxwell, FOUR runs Maxwell's adding salt to Hasan's wounds That went like a rocket to the point fence, cut powerfully and into the gap;
16.3;2;Hasan Ali to Maxwell, 2 runs dropped by Hafeez on the cover fence slower bouncer, he stepped away and slapped it high and wide. Hafeez got there, but shelled it;
16.2;4;Hasan Ali to Maxwell, FOUR runs gives himself room and slashes hard, sending the thick edge fine. Third man had no chance of cutting it off;
16.1;1;Hasan Ali to Coulter-Nile, 1 run full toss, but he can't time it. Goes for the big hit over cow corner but gets it high on the bat and only to long-on;
15.6;1;Shadab to Coulter-Nile, 1 run goes for the big hit again, but not well timed. goes aerial with the slog-sweep but it lands in the gap between long-on and deep midwicket;
15.5;?;Shadab to Coulter-Nile, no run flatter on the stumps and quicker, in response to those two sixes. Punched to cover;
15.4;6;Shadab to Coulter-Nile, SIX runs another slog-sweep goes down on one knee and times it sweetly, over deep square leg;
15.3;1;Shadab to Maxwell, 1 run goes again, but doesn't get it off the middle, it just goes off the end of the bat to long-on;
15.2;6;Shadab to Maxwell, SIX runs gets hold of it this time dragged the length short, allowing Maxwell to rock back and swat it over long-on;
15.1;?;Shadab to Maxwell, no run almighty slog-sweep, connects with air;
14.6;?;Hasan Ali to Coulter-Nile, no run yorker at 141 clicks homing in on the toes, and goes through the batsman, but well wide of leg-stump;
14.5;?;Hasan Ali to Coulter-Nile, no run full ball, driven from the crease to cover;
14.4;?;Hasan Ali to Coulter-Nile, no run big appeal for caught behind and referred there was a definite noise when the ball went past the bat. But that noise, incredibly is from the ball hitting the stumps! How did the bail stay put? It didn't just shave the stumps, but made an appreciable noise.;
14.3;1;Hasan Ali to Maxwell, 1 run back of a length, clubbed to long-on. Maxwell wanted two, but was rightly sent back. Even then he had to scramble to get back;
14.2;?;Hasan Ali to Maxwell, no run deceived by the slower bouncer. It passes close to his body at chest high, tries to steer it down, but misses;
14.1;1;Hasan Ali to Coulter-Nile, 1 run another run-out chance but no direct hit he opened the face of the bat to steer it to cover, and they run through to get Maxwell on strike. But a direct hit at the non-striker's end would have seen Coulter-Nile miles out;
13.6;2;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Maxwell, 2 runs steered to cover's left for a couple;
13.6;1w;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Maxwell, 1 wide loses his line and goes too far down leg. Wide;
13.5;W;Shaheen Shah Afridi to McDermott, OUT direct hit and out! incredible work from Fakhar Zaman at mid-on. The ball was clipped to him, he ran to it, collected it while tumbling forward and flicked it with his left hand to the stumps direct. McDermott was way out of his crease;Ben McDermott run out (Fakhar Zaman) 3 (4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 75;
13.4;?;Shaheen Shah Afridi to McDermott, no run length ball on leg, clipped to midwicket;
13.3;3;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Maxwell, 3 runs dropped Maxwell toe-ended a drive off a slower one that went sky-high. Imad at mid-off was moving backwards and had time to settle under the catch but it ends up popping out of his hands while he was still moving back. Didn't get in good position for the catch;
13.2;4;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Maxwell, FOUR runs he gets enough bat on it to pull it fine. Wasn't entirely in control, back of a length on off and not rising much, but he got it fine enough to run to the boundary;
13.1;?;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Maxwell, no run yorker from around the wicket, it looped up off the toe-end. Hung in the air for a while, but mid-on didn't dive for it. He perhaps thought it was a bump ball;
12.6;1;Hafeez to Maxwell, 1 run on middle and turning, clipped to deep square leg off the back foot;
12.5;1;Hafeez to McDermott, 1 run on off, turning into the batsman, worked with the spin to long-on;
12.4;2;Hafeez to McDermott, 2 runs paddled it fine. Well played in the end, on off stump and he got the placement right;
12.3;W;Hafeez to Carey, OUT Collapse time again? Leading edge, and it flies to the man at extra cover for an easy catch. Tried to work this ball on leg-stump through the leg-side, but closes the face too early. The ball turns enough to take a thick edge. Australia in big trouble;Alex Carey c Fakhar Zaman b Mohammad Hafeez 1 (4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
12.2;?;Hafeez to Carey, no run flattish on the stumps again, turning away. He tries to punch through covers but gets an inside edge back to the bowler;
12.1;?;Hafeez to Carey, no run length ball on the stumps, some turn. Punched back to the bowler;
11.6;?;Shadab to Maxwell, no run comes forward to drive it without timing to cover. Only two runs from the over and a wicket;
11.5;1;Shadab to Carey, 1 run Goes for the sweep, gets a top edge that balloons over the keeper and goes very fine. Short third man is there though;
11.4;W;Shadab to Marsh, OUT Big appeal for caught behind by Sarfraz and given Mitch Marsh didn't look too happy, but perhaps that was because he's out - he hasn't reviewed. Classical leg-break, pitching on middle and off and turning away, drawing his bat away from body. Thin edge through and Sarf knew it immediately;Mitchell Marsh c ?Sarfaraz Ahmed b Shadab Khan 21 (23b 1x4 0x6) SR: 91.3;
11.3;1;Shadab to Maxwell, 1 run tossed up on the stumps, turning. Worked away to midwicket;
11.2;?;Shadab to Maxwell, no run tossed up on off, guided to backward point again;
11.1;?;Shadab to Maxwell, no run length ball on off, steered to point;
10.6;?;Hasan Ali to Marsh, no run back of a length outside off, and he looks to cut. Too close to his body though. Straight into Saifi's gloves;
10.5;?;Hasan Ali to Marsh, no run full outside off, and defended with the angled bat to cover;
10.4;1;Hasan Ali to Maxwell, 1 run good length just outside off. Maxwell looks to work it towards the leg side, but the ball hits his legs and rolls away to point. Shadab dives and throws towards the keeper's stumps, but he can't get the direct hit;
10.3;4;Hasan Ali to Maxwell, FOUR runs good length just outside off, and he tiptoes to pull in front of square. Crunched to the deep midwicket boundary;
10.2;1;Hasan Ali to Marsh, 1 run back of a length outside off, and he carves a cut to third man. Not off the bat's middle;
10.1;1;Hasan Ali to Maxwell, 1 run full on middle, and drilled to long on for a single. Fakhar intercepts;
9.6;4;Shadab to Marsh, FOUR runs length ball outside off, and cut off the back foot. The ball's spinning and going further away from Hasan at deep point. He can't stop the ball from going for four, despite a full-stretched dive to the boundary;
9.5;1;Shadab to Maxwell, 1 run full outside off, and turning away from the batsman. Punched off the front foot to extra cover for a single;
9.4;1;Shadab to Marsh, 1 run short ball, lands outside off, and turns further away. Cut off the front foot to extra cover;
9.3;?;Shadab to Marsh, no run tossed up outside off, and the googly is smothered back to the bowler;
9.2;1;Shadab to Maxwell, 1 run full outside off, and driven to extra cover. Another single. Required run-rate approaching 10 now;
9.1;1;Shadab to Marsh, 1 run good length outside off, and spinning further away. Cut off the back foot to deep point for a run;
8.6;1;Imad Wasim to Marsh, 1 run full on middle, and driven to long off. Imad finishes with 4-1-8-1;
8.5;?;Imad Wasim to Marsh, no run full outside off, but with the ball staying low. Cut to point, but can't beat the fielder;
8.4;1;Imad Wasim to Maxwell, 1 run tossed up, extra flight. Lands on leg, and nudged off his toes to wide long on. Big shout of 'no' for the second run;
8.3;1;Imad Wasim to Marsh, 1 run full outside off stump, and driven with the bent knee to deep extra cover;
8.2;1;Imad Wasim to Maxwell, 1 run full on middle, and defended towards the leg side. Leading edge takes it towards cover instead, and they take off for a dangerous single;
8.1;1;Imad Wasim to Marsh, 1 run good length outside off, and carved off the back foot to extra cover. They walk across for one;
7.6;1;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Marsh, 1 run good length on off, and he shuffles across to nudge the ball towards square leg. They scamper across for a single;
7.5;?;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Marsh, no run full just outside off, and tapped away to cover. Slower ball, just 125kph;
7.4;1lb;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Maxwell, 1 leg bye length ball outside off, but cramping Maxwell up. He misses the pull, hits his body and rolls away to the leg side;
7.4;1w;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Maxwell, 1 wide overpitched outside leg stump, and the ball goes down the leg side. Sarfraz collects;
7.3;1;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Marsh, 1 run full outside leg stump, and tapped away to the leg side. The bowler races to pick the ball up, and has a shy at the non-striker's end. Can't get the direct hit;
7.2;1;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Maxwell, 1 run full on off stump, and pushed to mid off with soft hands. They take off for a quick run;
7.1;1lb;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Marsh, 1 leg bye good length outside leg stump, and he misses the flick off his pads. Hits his back leg and rolls away to fine leg;
6.6;1;Shadab to Marsh, 1 run good length outside off, and turning into the right hander. Backs away, and carves a cut to deep point for a single;
6.5;1;Shadab to Maxwell, 1 run full just outside off, and nudged away to deep point with soft hands;
6.4;1;Shadab to Marsh, 1 run tossed up on off, and tentatively pushed to long off. Malik cleans up;
6.3;W;Shadab to Finch, OUT full outside off, and he holes out! Spinning away from Finch, but he looks to clear long on. Off the bat's toe end, and taken at long on. Australia at 31/3;Aaron Finch c Fakhar Zaman b Shadab Khan 3 (10b 0x4 0x6) SR: 30;
6.2;1;Shadab to Marsh, 1 run length ball outside off, and skidding straight through. Under-cuts the ball;
6.1;2;Shadab to Marsh, 2 runs ramped over the keeper with the bat's toe end! Full outside off, and he tries to paddle it over the keeper's head. Somehow manages to get some contact. Sarfraz will feel lucky that ball didn't hit his grille;
5.6;?;Faheem to Finch, no run full outside off, and driven with the bat's open face to cover. They aren't taking chances with Shadab. Says no to the single;
5.5;1;Faheem to Marsh, 1 run back of a length outside off. Stays on top of the ball, and fends off the back foot;
5.4;1;Faheem to Finch, 1 run length ball outside off, and steered to point. Shaheen hits the stumps at the batsman's ends, but the batsman is in;
5.3;4lb;Faheem to Finch, 4 leg byes length ball angling in, and Finch tries to tickle this fine. Takes a feather off his body, and runs past Sarfraz to the fine-leg boundary;
5.2;3;Faheem to Marsh, 3 runs full on leg, and clipped off his pads to deep backward square. But a sliding effort from Shoaib in the deep saves the boundary, and then he darts a throw right towards the non-striker's stumps;
5.1;?;Faheem to Marsh, no run good length outside off, and angling in. Nudged with the angled bat to cover;
4.6;W;Imad Wasim to Lynn, OUT full on leg stump, and Lynn tries to work it towards the leg side. But the leading edge has popped up towards the off-side, and Shadab Khan takes an acrobatic sliding catch from cover to send Lynn back!;Chris Lynn c Shadab Khan b Imad Wasim 7 (12b 0x4 1x6) SR: 58.33;
4.5;?;Imad Wasim to Lynn, no run full on leg, and swept behind square. But he can't beat the fielder placed at short fine leg;
4.5;1w;Imad Wasim to Lynn, 1 wide full outside leg, and going further down. Lynn takes some room in a bid to sweep, but misses;
4.4;?;Imad Wasim to Lynn, no run full on leg, and angling into his pads. Fended with soft hands towards mid on;
4.3;?;Imad Wasim to Lynn, no run good length on middle, and angling inwards. Defended towards the leg side, rather uncomfortably;
4.2;?;Imad Wasim to Lynn, no run full outside leg stump, and he tries to play the paddle sweep. Misses the shot as it hits his body;
4.1;?;Imad Wasim to Lynn, no run full just outside off, and pushed tentatively to cover. Sharp fielding from Shadab inside the circle;
3.6;1;Faheem to Lynn, 1 run back of a length outside off. Angling in again, and fended off the back foot towards point;
3.5;?;Faheem to Lynn, no run back of a length on off, and zipping into Lynn. Defended off the back foot to the bowler;
3.4;6;Faheem to Lynn, SIX runs swatted! Full on off, and muscled right over long on! Into the second tier from Lynn. Classy way to get off the mark;
3.3;?;Faheem to Lynn, no run length ball just outside off stump. Angling away, and driven away from his body to cover;
3.2;?;Faheem to Lynn, no run full outside off, and Lynn covers his off stump to defend it back to the bowler;
3.1;?;Faheem to Lynn, no run Faheem, steaming in. Full outside off, and Lynn comes forward to drive. The ball goes between bat and body and into the gloves of Sarfraz;
2.6;W;Imad Wasim to Finch, OUT is that run-out? Straight drive, ricochets into the non-striker's stumps. Did Imad get his fingertips to it? Yes for the fingertips, but Short's bat is in the air despite it being over the line! Australia 11 for 1;D'Arcy Short run out (Imad Wasim) 2 (12b 0x4 0x6) SR: 16.66;
2.5;1lb;Imad Wasim to Short, 1 leg bye full outside leg stump, and Short can't work it towards the leg side. Hits his front pad, and dribbles away to the off side;
2.4;?;Imad Wasim to Short, no run length ball on middle, and pushed off the back foot. Straight back to Imad;
2.3;1lb;Imad Wasim to Finch, 1 leg bye full on leg stump, and tickled fine to short fine leg. They jog across for one;
2.2;4lb;Imad Wasim to Finch, 4 leg byes full outside leg stump, and Finch backs away to slog towards the leg side. Hits his boot, then beats Sarfraz, and finally runs into the third-man boundary;
2.1;?;Imad Wasim to Finch, no run full on middle, and skidding into leg. Defended off the front foot, back to the bowler;
1.6;?;Faheem to Short, no run length ball on off, and going away from the batsman once again. Short bends his knee to cut, but he's played under the ball once again;
1.5;?;Faheem to Short, no run back of a length on middle, and he goes for the pull. The ball whizzes under his bat and into Sarfraz's gloves;
1.4;1;Faheem to Finch, 1 run full outside off, and he drives away from his body. Finds Babar at mid off this time;
1.3;1;Faheem to Short, 1 run good length outside off, and he backs away to cut. Splices the shot to point, and off they go for a quick run;
1.2;?;Faheem to Short, no run good length outside off, and he mistimes a drive to cover. The ball dribbles away to the fielder;
1.1;?;Faheem to Short, no run full outside off, and sliding away from Short. Tries to throw his hands at it, and the ball sneaks under his bat to the keeper;
0.6;1;Imad Wasim to Short, 1 run full outside leg stump, and worked off his boots to deep backward square. A tentative start from Australia;
0.5;1;Imad Wasim to Finch, 1 run almost a yorker on middle stump. Wedged away to mid off for a quick run. Off the mark straightaway;
0.4;1lb;Imad Wasim to Short, 1 leg bye full outside leg stump, and Short misses the flick off his pads. Hits his leg, and dribbles away to square leg;
0.3;?;Imad Wasim to Short, no run slower, lands outside off and spinning away. Punched off the front foot to cover. Three dots;
0.2;?;Imad Wasim to Short, no run full on off, and skiddy. Short can't get to the pitch of the ball. Driven to mid off;
0.1;?;Imad Wasim to Short, no run full on middle, and spinning away from Short. Driven off the front foot to mid off;

9.40pm Welcome to the second innings. Australia need a win to keep the series alive. Won't be easy against a talented bowling line-up. Short to take strike against Imad Wasim. Finch at the other end. Imad dismissed both these batsmen in the first game.
 Innings Start
Pakistan
Australia
2nd T20I (N), Dubai (DSC), Oct 26 2018, Pakistan v Australia
147/6
136/8
Player of the match is Imad Wasim, PAK
Pakistan won by 11 runs
