Data
8.30pm No fireworks from Dilshan in his farewell match, but Dhananjaya stroked his maiden T20I fifty to briefly rejuvenate Sri Lanka. On boy! those flicks were simply gorgeous. However, barring Dhana, only Kusal managed to move into double digits. Australia's bowers chipped away on a dry surface and were backed up by sharp fielding. They need 129 to clinch the series 2-0. We'll be back in 10 minutes.
zia abbasi: "Herculean task for SL to defend target of less than 150 against ferocious opponent like Australia..."
Vinod Rajpal: "SL @128 , do u think , will Maxwell open the innings today as well !!" --- Yep, he's listen to open
Lakwin: "Guess SL are a 20-30 short.. but still, if we get warner and maxwell early.. there is no hussey or bailey to save them !"
19.6;1;Starc to Senanayake, 1 run angled in full from wide of the crease, this is picked up over midwicket;
19.5;2;Starc to Senanayake, 2 runs full and straight, angled in, picked up and flicked over square leg;
19.4;W;Starc to Dhananjaya, OUT Starc in danger of going wicketless for the first time on the tour Full toss outside off, Dhana aims to pump it over the infield. He can only skew it off the bottom part of the bat. He got it over extra-cover, but mid-off tracked to his left and pouched it. Good catch from Faulkner;Dhananjaya de Silva c Faulkner b Starc 62 (82m 50b 5x4 0x6) SR: 124;
19.3;?;Starc to Dhananjaya, no run bouncer outside off from wide of the crease, 140ks, Dhana slashes and connects only with thin air;
19.2;1;Starc to Senanayake, 1 run too full on off, he can't get under it. Squeezes a drive to long-on and turns the strike over to Dhana;
19.1;?;Starc to Senanayake, no run full and straightens outside off from wide of the crease, Sena backs away, has an almighty swipe, but can't touch it;
19.1;1w;Starc to Senanayake, 1 wide Starc ventures wide of the crease and angles another leg-side wide;
18.6;1;Hastings to Senanayake, 1 run length and outside off, Sena hacks it down to long-on;
18.6;1nb;Hastings to Senanayake, (no ball) another bumper, this is deemed a no-ball. Trampolines over a ducking batsman. Second of the over. Hastings isn't pleased with the call;
18.5;1;Hastings to Dhananjaya, 1 run dug in short on off, Dhana absolutely cracks a pull, but finds deep midwicket;
18.4;1;Hastings to Senanayake, 1 run skiddy short ball outside off, leaps, gets on top of it and rides it down to third man;
18.4;1w;Hastings to Senanayake, 1 wide bouncer outside off, too high, balloons to the keeper. Wide. Tennis-ball loopy bounce, raises a puff of dust from the surface. One for the over, says the ump;
18.3;1;Hastings to Dhananjaya, 1 run short and outside off, pulled to wide long-on;
18.2;2;Hastings to Dhananjaya, 2 runs Head rushes in from sweeper cover, but the ball dies in front of him. Short and wide outside off, looks like the cutter. Slashed in the air over the off side;
18.1;1;Hastings to Senanayake, 1 run full and angled in on middle, drop-and-run single to short midwicket. A direct hit could have dismissed Sena;
17.6;W;Faulkner to Prasanna, OUT Prasanna holes out to long-on. Full on middle, in the slot for Prasanna to put it away. He swings for the hills and ends up getting more height rather than distance. Khawaja settles under the skier;Seekkuge Prasanna c Khawaja b Faulkner 7 (17m 11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 63.63;
17.5;1;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, 1 run back of a length, shuffles across and flicks through square leg;
17.4;1;Faulkner to Prasanna, 1 run short ball, skiddy on the leg stump, pulls and top-edges it over the square-leg umpire;
17.3;1;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, 1 run you've gotta love his flicks. Pristine. Full and straight, hit to midwicket;
17.2;4;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, FOUR runs Dhana charges out at Faulkner. He pulls his length back on the stumps, slogs and sends a thick outside edge to third man;
17.1;1;Faulkner to Prasanna, 1 run back of a length on middle, jabbed out to midwicket;
16.6;1;Starc to Prasanna, 1 run rising short ball outside off, Prasana, hops, skips, and angles a single to backward point;
16.5;1;Starc to Dhananjaya, 1 run tip-and-run single towards point;
16.4;2;Starc to Dhananjaya, 2 runs low full toss outside off, slices a drive square through the off side for a couple. Dhana is helming a sinking ship. He gets to his maiden T20I fifty;
16.3;1;Starc to Prasanna, 1 run full toss outside off, stabbed to extra cover, diving stop from the fielder;
16.2;1;Starc to Dhananjaya, 1 run wide of the crease and angled into the right-hander, nurdles a single through mid-on;
16.1;?;Starc to Dhananjaya, no run hurled outside off from wide of the crease, Dhana reaches out with his hands, but can't carve it away;
16.1;1w;Starc to Dhananjaya, 1 wide he goes wide of the crease and angles a slower one down leg, 100 up for SL;
15.6;1;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, 1 run sliding into the hips, turned behind square on the leg side now, just a single;
15.5;2;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, 2 runs picked off the pads through square leg again, sharp running between the pair again. Head throws it to the keeper who takes the bails off, but Dhana makes it with a dive, the TV umpire confirms it;
15.4;2;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, 2 runs short on off, hops and tucks through square leg. Dhana wants two and gets it. Head was patrolling the boundary there;
15.3;1;Faulkner to Prasanna, 1 run stroked to the covers for one;
15.2;?;Faulkner to Prasanna, no run back of a length and swerving away outside off, looks to pull, and the ball kisses the trouser pocket on its way to the keeper. Excellent call from umpire Martinesz;
15.1;?;Faulkner to Prasanna, no run back of a length on off, played back to the bowler;
14.6;4;Hastings to Dhananjaya, FOUR runs thwacked to the left of mid-off for a boundary. In-between length outside off, Dhana had ample time to fiercely flat-bat it away;
14.5;1;Hastings to Prasanna, 1 run Hastings hammers a short ball on off, this time to the right-hander. He rocks back nimbly and pulls to fine leg;
14.4;?;Hastings to Prasanna, no run leaps back, gets on top of short one outside off and dabs it to backward point;
14.3;1;Hastings to Dhananjaya, 1 run Hastings goes wide of the crease and sends down a slower one outside off, the batsman waits and cuts to sweeper cover;
14.2;1;Hastings to Prasanna, 1 run dug short on middle, swivel-pulled to long leg;
14.1;W;Hastings to Pathirana, OUT SL seven down and sinking Hastings returns and strikes. Banged in short on off, cramps Pathirana for room, who was on the front foot. He gets into a tangle. Pulls and splices a return catch;Sachith Pathirana c & b Hastings 6 (8m 5b 1x4 0x6) SR: 120;
13.6;1;Henriques to Pathirana, 1 run full and outside off, sliced off an outside edge wide of Maxwell;
13.5;4;Henriques to Pathirana, FOUR runs back of a length and outside off, Pathirana runs it away fine on the off side. Nevill dived to his left, the ball took his glove and ran away;
13.4;?;Henriques to Pathirana, no run full and angled in, poked back to the bowler;
13.3;1;Henriques to Dhananjaya, 1 run banged in short and outside off, sits up to be pulled. Rolls his wrists and controls it behind square on the leg side;
13.2;1;Henriques to Pathirana, 1 run short and outside off, inside the tram-line, Pathirana gets on top of the bounce and rides it down to third man;
13.2;1w;Henriques to Pathirana, 1 wide good length and outside off, climbs sharply outside off, Pathirana attempted a slash and missed, but the line was too wide outside off;
13.1;1;Henriques to Dhananjaya, 1 run full on middle, there's that debonair flick through midwicket;
12.6;1;Zampa to Dhananjaya, 1 run Zampa flights this one on off, the length is full, knocked down to long-on. Quality spell from the wristspinner. 4-0-16-3;
12.5;W;Zampa to Perera, OUT Thisara now holes out, SL six down. Short legbreak on top of middle. Thisara takes it on with a pull. He has to settle with a miscue to deep square leg, where Head clings onto it. He exits for a duck;Thisara Perera c Head b Zampa 0 (2m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
12.4;?;Zampa to Perera, no run pushed through on middle, defended back towards the bowler;
12.3;W;Zampa to Kapugedera, OUT Warner in the thick of things in Colombo. This was the fast slider outside off, 96.2ks, shorter and outside off. Kapu wants to pull but ends up dragging the ball in the air. Waner throws himself to his left and completes a smart, low catch at midwicket;Chamara Kapugedera c Warner b Zampa 7 (15m 12b 0x4 0x6) SR: 58.33;
12.2;?;Zampa to Kapugedera, no run sharp turn for Zampa! An appeal for stumping, they refer it to the TV umpire. Lovely legbreak, drifted in and ripped away. Kapu is drawn forward for the leg-side flick, but grounds his back leg before Nevill swiped the bails off;
12.1;1;Zampa to Dhananjaya, 1 run lobbed up on middle, no turn, eases a drive to long-on;
11.6;1;Henriques to Dhananjaya, 1 run this one kicks up from a back of a length, tennis-ball bounce, surprises the batsman. Fended away towards the midwicket region;
11.5;?;Henriques to Dhananjaya, no run back of a length and outside off, cut late to backward point;
11.4;?;Henriques to Dhananjaya, no run back of a length and angled in, run away to backward point;
11.3;1;Henriques to Kapugedera, 1 run full and straight, driven through midwicket;
11.2;1;Henriques to Dhananjaya, 1 run full and outside off, this is tapped down to third man with an angled bat;
11.1;4;Henriques to Dhananjaya, FOUR runs straying into the pads, leg-side deflection fine for four. Minimalist touch;
10.6;1;Zampa to Dhananjaya, 1 run uses his feet and drives down the ground for one;
10.5;1;Zampa to Kapugedera, 1 run Warner plunges into the action again, fires a direct hit at the non-striker's end, but Dhana was well in. Sri Lanka ultimately pinch a single off a ricochet as this was clipped towards Warner at midwicket;
10.4;1;Zampa to Dhananjaya, 1 run another tossed-up legbreak outside off, Dhana seeks to loft a drive over cover, ends up slicing it straighter to long-off;
10.3;1;Zampa to Kapugedera, 1 run tosses another one outside off, slices a drive to sweeper cover. He wasn't close to the pitch as the ball dipped, creating distance between the bat and pitch;
10.2;?;Zampa to Kapugedera, no run straighter one on off, good length, played back to Zampa;
10.1;?;Zampa to Kapugedera, no run ample flight, dipping low full toss on the legs, flicked to midwicket;
9.6;1;Henriques to Kapugedera, 1 run slightly back of a length on middle, shuffles across off and tucks it quietly through square leg;
9.5;1;Henriques to Dhananjaya, 1 run good length ball on off stump, angles a single down to third man;
9.4;1;Henriques to Kapugedera, 1 run tight line just a shade outside off, tip-and-run single to point;
9.3;?;Henriques to Kapugedera, no run length and outside off, patted to point;
9.2;2;Henriques to Kapugedera, 2 runs full and too straight in line, he glances it fine, the man in the deep, Starc, is squarer;
9.1;1lb;Henriques to Dhananjaya, 1 leg bye heading into the pads, deflected behind square;
8.6;?;Zampa to Kapugedera, no run tossed outside off, pushed into the off side;
8.5;W;Zampa to Mendis, OUT Zampa roars an appeal for lbw, given by umpire Palliyaguruge. Did the pitch outside leg? Zampa held this back and found a bit of turn to rap the front pad as Mendis missed a sweep. The HawkEye shows that it pitched just outside leg;Kusal Mendis lbw b Zampa 5 (8m 7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 71.42;
8.4;?;Zampa to Mendis, no run dropped shorter, pulled straight to Warner at midwicket;
8.3;?;Zampa to Mendis, no run Zampa drags his length back on off, chopped to cover;
8.2;4;Zampa to Mendis, FOUR runs Mendis splits deep midwicket and deep square leg. He stretches forward to meet this full toss outside off, and sweeps it away to the boundary;
8.1;1;Zampa to Dhananjaya, 1 run too full on middle, backs away and drives it inside-out through cover;
7.6;?;Faulkner to Mendis, no run Faulkner digs it a short ball, Mendis looks to hook but the ball bets big on him and defeats him;
7.5;?;Faulkner to Mendis, no run too straight in line, flicked to midwicket;
7.4;1;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, 1 run shapes to drive ends up jamming a drive down the ground;
7.3;?;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, no run oooh! Maxi splatters the stumps at the striker's end from backward point. They got to the TV umpire. Replays show that Dhana is just home. Back of a length and angling away, dabbed with gentle hands to the left of backward point. Maxi swooped down on the ball, turned around quickly, and nailed a direct hit;
7.2;1;Faulkner to Mendis, 1 run banged in short on the stumps, pulled in the air to the left of deep midwicket;
7.1;W;Faulkner to Chandimal, OUT Chandi feebly chips a return catch! Not the cutter, seam-up from Faulkner, Chandi shimmies out and attempts a leg-side shot. He only manages a leading edge back to the bowler. Faulkner moves to his right and snaps it up;Dinesh Chandimal c & b Faulkner 4 (6m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 80;
6.6;1;Zampa to Chandimal, 1 run pitched up and outside off, laces a drive to long-off;
6.5;1;Zampa to Dhananjaya, 1 run full on middle, Dhana drives it crisply down to long-on;
6.4;1;Zampa to Chandimal, 1 run Zampa gives this loads of air on off, dips at the off stump, foils the attempted drive. Mis-hit down to long-on;
6.3;1;Zampa to Dhananjaya, 1 run tickled to short fine leg;
6.2;?;Zampa to Dhananjaya, no run lobbed up on off, dabbed gently through point. There was a brief mix-up but they decide against the run;
6.1;1;Zampa to Chandimal, 1 run full and drifts in on middle, nudged through square leg;
5.6;1;Faulkner to Chandimal, 1 run good length and outside off, leans into the drive and times it to Wade at mid-off;
5.5;1;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, 1 run picked off through square leg;
5.4;W;Faulkner to Perera, OUT Warner tears to his right from mid-on and takes a great diving catch. For a moment, it seemed mid-off would collide with the captain, but Wade probably backed out of the way seeing Warner dash in. This wasn't the cutter, good length on middle, stopped a bit on Kusal. He attempts a leg-side flick and spoons a leading edge in the air. A prowling Warner latches onto the chance after covering good ground. Dished out a full-stretch dive as well;Kusal Perera c Warner b Faulkner 22 (25m 18b 4x4 0x6) SR: 122.22;
5.3;?;Faulkner to Perera, no run Faulkner rolls his fingers across this cutter, leaves the left-hander outside off, and beats him in the channel. The opener played early and missed;
5.2;1;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, 1 run fraction short on off, swats a pull to deep square leg;
5.1;?;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, no run good length angled away, defended;
4.6;4;Maxwell to Perera, FOUR runs and the over ends the way it started. Pushed through on a straighter line, 95ks, Kusal reverses it, sweeping to the right of short third man;
4.5;1;Maxwell to Dhananjaya, 1 run slides on quicker, driven to extra-cover for one;
4.4;4;Maxwell to Dhananjaya, FOUR runs Dilshan is gone but Dhana is making the crowd groove to his tunes. Floated up outside off, he races down the track, meets the pitch, and drives it inside-out over extra cover;
4.3;2;Maxwell to Dhananjaya, 2 runs sliding across the right-hander, Dhana plays late and dabs it to third man. Nearly picked it off Neville's gloves;
4.2;1;Maxwell to Perera, 1 run this is pushed through outside off, he aims to reverse it again. This time he can only shovel it to short fine leg;
4.1;4;Maxwell to Perera, FOUR runs Kusal welcomes Maxi with a reverse-sweep. Tossed up fullish on middle, he goes low and places it fine of short fine leg;
3.6;1;Hastings to Perera, 1 run banged in short, Kusal gets on top of this, rolling his wrists and pulling to fine leg;
3.5;?;Hastings to Perera, no run this is tapped straight to Faulkner at mid-off. Kusal takes a few paces forward and stops, Dhananjaya responds. Kusal nearly sold his partner down the river. Eventually, Dhananjaya is sent back. He makes it safely;
3.4;?;Hastings to Perera, no run shortish and outside off, bursts off the surface outside off and flies through to the keeper. Beats the batsman on the front-foot hook;
3.3;1;Hastings to Dhananjaya, 1 run back of a length and angled in, he turns a single to midwicket;
3.2;1;Hastings to Perera, 1 run back of a length and outside off, carved down to third man;
3.1;3;Hastings to Dhananjaya, 3 runs beau-ti-ful. Good length and outside off, Dhananjaya takes it on the up and drives it delightfully through extra cover. Three men chase the ball. Moises Henriques gets there first, dives near the edge of the boundary, and hauls the ball into the play of play. Good cricket all around;
2.6;?;Starc to Perera, no run Starc bangs it short and outside off, forcing Kusal to leap back and clunk a cut to point;
2.5;4;Starc to Perera, FOUR runs good length ball at the off stump, no lateral movement, Kusal sizes it up and launches it over midwicket with a pick-up shot. Right out of the Jayasuriya playbook;
2.4;?;Starc to Perera, no run dug in short and swerves back in at 145ks, beats Kusal on the inside and smacks the thigh pad;
2.3;3;Starc to Dhananjaya, 3 runs fullish and on off, chipped over mid-off for one. Wade hunts it down;
2.2;?;Starc to Dhananjaya, no run Starc hurls it outside off. angled away, at 149ks, drags his length back and beats the outside edge;
2.1;4;Starc to Dhananjaya, FOUR runs This fella has plenty of style! Starc bowls it full and outside off, hunts for awayswing, nothing here. Dhananjaya bends forward and caresses a drive through the covers;
1.6;?;Hastings to Perera, no run good length on middle, played back to the bowler;
1.5;1;Hastings to Dhananjaya, 1 run short and angled into the right-hander, Dhanajaya shapes to pull and ends up dragging it to the leg side;
1.4;?;Hastings to Dhananjaya, no run inducker from Hastings, nips back in off the surface, and beats the inside edge;
1.3;?;Hastings to Dhananjaya, no run good length and angled in, defended;
1.2;W;Hastings to Dilshan, OUT Hastings spoils Dilshan's party! He walks off for the last time in international cricket. He raises his bat to the crowd and bows down near the edge of the boundary. He blows a kiss to the crowd as well. #ThankyouDilshan. This was a nothing delivery - short and wide outside off. Dilshan again slashes his hands at a cut. He can only bottom-edge it behind to Warner at first slip. How ironical? Dilshan usually belts that away to the boundary. Warner stayed nice and low to gobble it up;Tillakaratne Dilshan c Warner b Hastings 1 (8m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
1.1;?;Hastings to Dilshan, no run he goes wide of the crease and delivers it wide outside off, Dilshan does not move his feet much. Throws his hands at it and flashes it to cover;
0.6;?;Starc to Perera, no run mighty full at off, almost a yorker, 149ks again, jabbed back to Starc;
0.5;2;Starc to Perera, 2 runs dug in short on middle, Kusal keeps back and deflects it through square leg for a couple. Positive running;
0.4;1;Starc to Dilshan, 1 run pitched up and slanted across off, 149ks, Dilshan flashes a drive and skews an outside edge to third man;
0.3;1;Starc to Perera, 1 run Wade, at mid-off, dives to his right from mid-off and stops the ball. Overpitched and outside off, driven firmly again for one;
0.2;4;Starc to Perera, FOUR runs and Kusal sets to work with a crunching drive. Starc spears it too full and outside off, he rocks forward and strokes it to the right of Henriques at extra cover;
0.2;1w;Starc to Perera, 1 wide Starc's radar is wonky, this time he slides down the leg side, past the flick. Wide;
0.1;?;Starc to Perera, no run swing rightaway from Starc. Lands it full and wide outside off, moves away further. Kusal slashes and watches the ball skip past the outside edge on its way to Nevill;

6.57pm Dilshan walks through the guard of honour and gets some pats on the back from his team-mates. He is greeted by Percy, the Sri Lankan fan. Warner then shakes hands with Dilshan as the Premadasa raises itself to a big roar. Mitch Starc takes the new ball for Australia. Over the wicket. Kusal to take first strike. Let's go!
Dilshan: This is the end of the road, and I have enjoyed myself last 17-18 years. I am really happy with what I have done for my team. I took the decision late [about opening] in 2009, I could have taken it couple of years earlier. Still I am happier, I could do more to the side as an opener. Changing the batting position went the right way. I have never played for the records, I have played for the team and the country. Now, it's the time to enjoy my time with the kids and family. It's time to give back to them, with the kids growing up.
Head: It was good to be at the other end with Maxwell. Coming out of the one-dayers, I played well, but couldn't get a big score. The wickets have been obviously tough, and it has been a grind. Not the way I usually play white-ball cricket. It would be nice to finish the series and go well at home.
6.45pm Looks like another hard, dry surface, with some cracks on it, says Damien Martyn in his pitch report for Ten Sports
Harvinder: "3 Tests. 5 ODI's. 2 T20's. Not a single toss won! That's hot to be some record."
6.30pm David Warner calls wrong. Sri Lanka have won the toss, will bat first. The crowd can get their 'Dilshan' placards ready. The bands will be out in full force. It should be a festive evening. Hopefully we have a wonderful game to round off what has been a superb series. Who would've thought we'd get the amount of cricket we have? Rains have stayed away and it's likely to stay that way again tonight. Touch wood.
Chandimal: 160-plus total might be a winning total. We have to learn from the mistakes, one change: Prasanna in for Rajitha. Dilshan is the legend of cricket and we want to give him a good farewell.
Warner: I was in probably two minds, it does not have the shine that the Pallekele pitch did. Wade comes in for Bailey, who has gone home. Hastings takes up Boland's place.
Sreeram ssr: "Last chance to watch the dilscoop...one of best Sri Lankan allrounders...legend ##SL will miss you.."
Avishka: "Good luck Dilshan & best of luck Sri Lanka "
MOHIT singla: "good to see SL have included Prasana, want to see late fireworks from him! "
Sri Lanka XI: Dilshan, K Perera, de Silva, K Mendis, Chandimal (c&wk), Kapugedera, T Perera, Pathirana, Prasanna, Senanayake, Lakmal
Australia XI: Warner (c), Khawaja, Head, Wade, Maxwell, Henriques, Nevill (wk), Faulkner, Hastings, Starc, Zampa
Nevill will take the gloves and Wade will be playing as a specialist batsman.
We're not too far away from the toss. What kind of surface we've got in store? It's not hard to guess. A flat deck, one full of runs. Maxwell Mayhem Act II, maybe? Incredibly, he was only opening the batting for the third time the other day. After the game he admitted batting at the top is what he personally prefers, be it for Australia or the T20 sides he plays for. Maybe teams that have him on their roster have something to think about?
6.15pm Dilshan has made a career out of starting fires, and Andrew Fernando pays tribute to him by starting a fire of his own.

It was always the blazes Dilshan started that defined him, and if they spread quickly enough, that defined the games he played. The whirring cover drive set so many tall totals in motion. When the savage pull and atomising sweep were played, the scene was doused in kerosene and matches were lit. On many days, it was because of Dilshan that the middle order got so many runs. It was because he had cleared out an opposition's plans like a fire does a forest, that saner men could put down their roots; watch their own innings grow.

But, hang on. This isn't just about one man or the hosts. Australia aren't short of firepower either. Glenn Maxwell, opening the batting, biffed 145 off 65 in th e first T20I, which means the tourists now have the three highest individual scores in T20 internationals. Ride piggyback on Brydon Coverdale to see how the teams match-up.
6pm Drum rolls please. A remarkable player is set to bring the curtains down on a remarkable international career, five weeks before his 40th birthday. Dilshan's long ODI farewell, which included veiled accusations about the lack of support from this team-mates during his short captaincy stint, wasn't quite romantic. Can Sri Lanka send-off its retiring hero with a "resounding win"?




Former Sri Lanka captain, Arjuna Ranatunga hailed Dilshan as a captain's dream. After all, he has done everything. Slotting into the middle order in the early days, blooming late at the top, always wanting to roll his arm over, flying at backward point, making a near double-hundred at Lord's with a broken finger, leading Sri Lanka during a turbulent period, unfurling the dilscoop, swiping Johnson for six fours in an over at the World Cup, taking a swipe at his team-mates...and off the field he has scorched the ramps as well. The flashy goatee, colourful hairdos, and golden ear studs have also been among the usual suspects. You could find the highlights of a near 17-year career in our gallery: an all-round maverick and glamour boy.
 Innings Start
10.45pm Warner collects the trophy and soaks in the moment with his team-mates. Andrew Fernando's report will tell you the full story of Dilshan's farewell match.
The Sri Lankan players send-off Dilshan. He walks into the sunset and joins his old-mates Sanga and Mahela. Many thanks for tuning in. Time to bring the curains down on Australia's tour of Sri Lanka as well. Stay classy, good night!
10.25pm Hmm, the players are seated. A long presentation beckons.
Thilanga Sumathipala, SLC President: Well done to David Warner and his team. Credit to Chandimal for taking the new team forward. Thanks to the crowd for coming over, and good luck.
Maxwell, Man of the Match and the Man of the Series: It probably got a little closer at the end. Pallekele I had a bit of fun. I am looking at Finch's record and trying to beat it. Most pleasing thing is to come back and strike the ball well. Enjoying the crowd going nuts, it has been a tough tour. I have to go back and play well in the Matador Cup and do my bit in the Shield cricket as well.
Dilshan is honoured by the SLC under firework-filled skies.
Dilshan: "First of all I want to take the time to congratulate the Australian team. They came back strongly after losing the Test series and good luck for the upcoming series."
He thanks his principals, coaches, captains, and SLC presidents in Sinhala.
Chandimal: The way we batted I was disappointed. We were 20-25 runs short. Credit to the Australian bowlers. We will have to do some homework during the rest period. Dhananjaya batted brilliantly and we need to take the positive out of it. We all know Dilshan is a legend in the cricket world. He is a match-winner and a game-changer. He was my first one-day and Test captain, lucky to captain him in his last game. Thank you Dilshan aiyya. My team and I wish you all the best for the future.
Warner: It has been fantastic through the one-dayers and T20s. I couldn't have asked anything more or less. It is a massive achievement for the one-day boys. They came here with high hopes and expectations, No.1 team. Credit to Glenn Maxwell, his performance was phenomenal. Thanks to the supporters for supporting both teams.
10.05pm That is that. End of Dilshan's 497th and last international match. Australia crash his farewell party. He, however, reaches out to the crowd, takes high-fives, and acknowledges the applause. He signs off with a wicket off his last delivery in international cricket. #ThankyouDilshan
Maxwell ignited the modest chase with a bevy of reverse-sweeps and switch-hits and scorched his way to an 18-ball half-century, the fastest by an Australian in T20 internationals. The tourists were cruising at 93 for 0, before Sri Lanka's spinners unravelled the chase, briefly tearing open the portal to the Test series. Head ultimately dragged his side past the line.
Gerard Christop: "Is there a super series scoreline for this series? " --- Nope, this isn't a super series
Nikhil Mane: "Terrific comeback though by Australia after the Test drubbing. "
Uwaisul Karnain: "T. M. Dilshan retires with a wicket off the last ball of his International career! All the best, World cricket is going to miss you Champion!"
wcpak: "Good Luck to the inventor of the scoop shot,Mr.Dilshan."
Qaaid: "Chandimal's first captain was Dilshan. Dilshan's last captain is Chandimal..."
Nikhil Mane: "back-to-back awards for Maxwell. Would you believe it before this series he had never won an award for his batting in this format? "
17.5;6;Pathirana to Head, SIX runs Palmed over for six. Australia sweep the series 2-0! Head dares to charge at Pathirana again. Mowed it to deep midwicket, where Sena leaps and only lobs it over the fence. Initially omitted from the ODI squad to face Sri Lanka in limited-overs matches, Head seals the chase with a slog-swept boundary;
17.4;?;Pathirana to Head, no run Head shimmies out, Pathirana held it back on off. Quietly played back to the bowler;
17.3;?;Pathirana to Head, no run Head hunts for the gallery hit and nearly gives it away. He dances out for a muscular tug over midwicket, does not meet the pitch, and is struck on the pad;
17.2;3;Pathirana to Nevill, 3 runs tossed up full on middle, Nevill bends low and scoops it over the head of the keeper;
17.1;1;Pathirana to Head, 1 run back of a length and outside off, punched to long-on;
16.6;W;Dilshan to Wade, OUT Catch Dilshan if you can! He sets off again as the Premadasa raises itself to another roar. Sri Lanka have more hope. Wade shapes (pre-meditates) to reverse sweep from outside leg, he only flaps this full one into the hands of Chandimal at extra over. It was too full for the shot;Matthew Wade c Chandimal b Dilshan 14 (29m 23b 0x4 0x6) SR: 60.86;
16.5;?;Dilshan to Wade, no run slider on middle, chopped from there to cover;
16.4;1;Dilshan to Head, 1 run short and spins away outside off, lashed down to long-off;
16.3;?;Dilshan to Head, no run straight ball on off, tapped to cover;
16.2;3;Dilshan to Wade, 3 runs Dilshan held this offbreak back, Wade skipped out and poked an outside edge wide of reach of backward point;
16.1;?;Dilshan to Wade, no run flatter and outside off, punched out to the covers;
15.6;?;Senanayake to Head, no run tossed on off, dabbed with an open face towards point;
15.5;?;Senanayake to Head, no run Head skips out, does not meet the pitch, drags an inside edge to the leg side;
15.4;?;Senanayake to Head, no run tossed up liberally on middle, played back to the bowler;
15.3;1;Senanayake to Wade, 1 run Wade goes back, gets on top of this short ball on middle and cuts it to deep point;
15.2;1;Senanayake to Head, 1 run slides on off, plays for the turn, and gets an inside edge towards short fine leg;
15.1;1;Senanayake to Wade, 1 run skiddy full ball on middle, tickled into the pads as the ball rolls to midwicket;
14.6;W;Dilshan to Khawaja, OUT Dilshan strikes in his farewell match and sets off on a celebratory run. That was plumb! Straight delivery on middle from round the stumps, Khawaja dropped down to one knee, but missed the sweep, and umpire Martinesz's finger went up almost immediately;Usman Khawaja lbw b Dilshan 6 (16m 15b 0x4 0x6) SR: 40;
14.5;1;Dilshan to Wade, 1 run Wade now brings out the reverse sweep and sends the ball to backward point;
14.4;1;Dilshan to Khawaja, 1 run dragged down on off stump, goes back and pulls to deep backward;

10.45pm Warner collects the trophy and soaks in the moment with his team-mates. Andrew Fernando's report will tell you the full story of Dilshan's farewell match.
The Sri Lankan players send-off Dilshan. He walks into the sunset and joins his old-mates Sanga and Mahela. Many thanks for tuning in. Time to bring the curains down on Australia's tour of Sri Lanka as well. Stay classy, good night!
10.25pm Hmm, the players are seated. A long presentation beckons.
Thilanga Sumathipala, SLC President: Well done to David Warner and his team. Credit to Chandimal for taking the new team forward. Thanks to the crowd for coming over, and good luck.
Maxwell, Man of the Match and the Man of the Series: It probably got a little closer at the end. Pallekele I had a bit of fun. I am looking at Finch's record and trying to beat it. Most pleasing thing is to come back and strike the ball well. Enjoying the crowd going nuts, it has been a tough tour. I have to go back and play well in the Matador Cup and do my bit in the Shield cricket as well.
Dilshan is honoured by the SLC under firework-filled skies.
Dilshan: "First of all I want to take the time to congratulate the Australian team. They came back strongly after losing the Test series and good luck for the upcoming series."
He thanks his principals, coaches, captains, and SLC presidents in Sinhala.
Chandimal: The way we batted I was disappointed. We were 20-25 runs short. Credit to the Australian bowlers. We will have to do some homework during the rest period. Dhananjaya batted brilliantly and we need to take the positive out of it. We all know Dilshan is a legend in the cricket world. He is a match-winner and a game-changer. He was my first one-day and Test captain, lucky to captain him in his last game. Thank you Dilshan aiyya. My team and I wish you all the best for the future.
Warner: It has been fantastic through the one-dayers and T20s. I couldn't have asked anything more or less. It is a massive achievement for the one-day boys. They came here with high hopes and expectations, No.1 team. Credit to Glenn Maxwell, his performance was phenomenal. Thanks to the supporters for supporting both teams.
10.05pm That is that. End of Dilshan's 497th and last international match. Australia crash his farewell party. He, however, reaches out to the crowd, takes high-fives, and acknowledges the applause. He signs off with a wicket off his last delivery in international cricket. #ThankyouDilshan
Maxwell ignited the modest chase with a bevy of reverse-sweeps and switch-hits and scorched his way to an 18-ball half-century, the fastest by an Australian in T20 internationals. The tourists were cruising at 93 for 0, before Sri Lanka's spinners unravelled the chase, briefly tearing open the portal to the Test series. Head ultimately dragged his side past the line.
Gerard Christop: "Is there a super series scoreline for this series? " --- Nope, this isn't a super series
Nikhil Mane: "Terrific comeback though by Australia after the Test drubbing. "
Uwaisul Karnain: "T. M. Dilshan retires with a wicket off the last ball of his International career! All the best, World cricket is going to miss you Champion!"
wcpak: "Good Luck to the inventor of the scoop shot,Mr.Dilshan."
Qaaid: "Chandimal's first captain was Dilshan. Dilshan's last captain is Chandimal..."
Nikhil Mane: "back-to-back awards for Maxwell. Would you believe it before this series he had never won an award for his batting in this format? "
 Innings Start
Sri Lanka
Australia
2nd T20I (N), Colombo (RPS), Sep 9 2016, Australia tour of Sri Lanka
128/9
130/6
Player of the match is Glenn Maxwell, AUS
Australia won by 4 wickets (with 13 balls remaining)
