Data
We're ready for the chase. Alex Malcolm is back See you in a bit!
Chad: "OK here we go with DLS question #232... If Australia faces 17 overs and India also face 17 overs, why does there need to be an adjustment up, for DLS? " --- Because Australia didn't start their innings with a 17-over limit in mind. So you have to adjust for resources accordingly.
Richard: "My understanding of DLS is that wickets AFTER the interruption wouldn't affect the target, because the 'loss of resources' has already happened. After the interruption they only had 5 balls left, and lots of wickets. Their reward for having lots of wickets left is that they can, and should, go crazy." --- Yes, my information was half-baked. That wicket will come into the picture IF there is another rain break. Thanks for pointing it out.
8:09pm India will chase 174. In 17 overs. It'll be a five-over Powerplay. Two bowlers can bowl four overs, three can bowl three.
16.6;2;Bumrah to Stoinis, 2 runs yorker at leg stump, jammed in front of long-on off the toe-end and they steal two;
16.5;1b;Bumrah to McDermott, 1 bye short of a length slower ball outside off, and he's beaten yet again. Swings at it. They steal a bye;
16.4;?;Bumrah to McDermott, no run well bowled. Beats him completely. Slower ball at a length outside off, too early into the shot and he's just ended up swatting air;
16.3;2;Bumrah to McDermott, 2 runs full toss on middle stump, looks to power this over midwicket but that's too quick for him. Lobs over the bowler off the high part of the bat and they get two as a result of the poor connection;
16.2;W;Bumrah to Maxwell, OUT drags it straight to square leg. It's possible he's picked the offcutter here, but it's at such an awkward length that he has no control. Hands a long way out as he goes after this and finds the only fielder in the circle;Glenn Maxwell c Kumar b Bumrah 46 (24b 0x4 4x6) SR: 191.66;
16.1;1;Bumrah to Stoinis, 1 run dropped at third man. Khaleel draws the fury of Bumrah. Short ball outside off, chops from under it to try and get it fine but he's sent this straight to Khaleel. He hasn't had to move, but that bursts through his hand. Seems like he was caught off-guard. Bumrah roars in anger;
15.6;2;Krunal to Maxwell, 2 runs full and into the pads. Skewed wide of long-on off the toe-end;
15.5;6;Krunal to Maxwell, SIX runs the railings of the second-tier. Krunal is coming apart. Goes seam up and gets a full toss up at thigh height for Maxwell. Pummels it over midwicket;
15.4;1;Krunal to Stoinis, 1 run full and fast on leg stump, nudged to long-on off the toe-end;
15.3;?;Krunal to Stoinis, no run pushes this one wide outside off as Stoinis backs away. He's too far from it to play a stroke. Leaves it alone;
15.2;2;Krunal to Stoinis, 2 runs yorker length at leg stump, jammed out to long-on's right;
15.1;6;Krunal to Stoinis, SIX runs length ball pushed in flat at leg stump. Same old, same old! Stoinis the beneficiary. Front leg out of the way and a swipe from under to clear deep midwicket;
14.6;2;Kuldeep to Maxwell, 2 runs quicker one at a length on leg stump. Stays back and hurriedly jabs it wide of the bowler to steal a second from long-on;
14.5;?;Kuldeep to Maxwell, no run length ball pushed flat at off stump, punched to extra cover;
14.5;1w;Kuldeep to Maxwell, 1 wide length ball down leg side, past the attempted flick;
14.4;1;Kuldeep to Stoinis, 1 run full at off stump, backs away and drives to long-off;
14.3;?;Kuldeep to Stoinis, no run googly at a length, squaring him up and forcing him to defend in front of off;
14.2;1;Kuldeep to Maxwell, 1 run length at leg stump, gets out the reverse-sweep and swats it along the floor to sweeper;
14.1;2;Kuldeep to Maxwell, 2 runs length at middle stump, backs away and carves it wide of sweeper cover;
14.1;1w;Kuldeep to Maxwell, 1 wide front-of-the-hand faster one from Kuldeep. Signs of nerves? It's short and down leg side and he sways away from it;
13.6;1;Krunal to Maxwell, 1 run full at leg stump, tapped to long-on;
13.5;2;Krunal to Maxwell, 2 runs fires in a yorker at leg stump and he stands tall to tickle this behind square with soft hands;
13.4;6;Krunal to Maxwell, SIX runs three in three! Another length ball pushed in fast and yet again, he gets the front leg out of the way and swipes at it. Wider of long-on this time;
13.3;6;Krunal to Maxwell, SIX runs and another! This is too easy for Maxwell. Flat, fast, length, no turn. Skids on nicely for him to swing from under it and clear long-on;
13.2;6;Krunal to Maxwell, SIX runs second tier. Krunal drops it short at a leg stump line and Maxwell gets deep in the crease and pumps it high over deep midwicket!;
13.1;2;Krunal to Maxwell, 2 runs length at leg stump, dragged wide of long-on with the slog;
12.6;4;Khaleel Ahmed to Stoinis, FOUR runs drilled straight over the bowler. Stunning hit. It's full on middle stump, he shuffles a touch and creams it. Capitalising on Khaleel's nerves;
12.5;1;Khaleel Ahmed to Maxwell, 1 run length outside off, dropped into the covers with soft hands;
12.4;3;Khaleel Ahmed to Stoinis, 3 runs misfield by Kohli at deep midwicket. Length ball tapped in front of him with soft hands and he can't get his hands around it after sprinting a long way in;
12.4;1w;Khaleel Ahmed to Stoinis, 1 wide bouncer dug in too short. Flies high above his right shoulder as he looks to ramp this;
12.3;4;Khaleel Ahmed to Stoinis, FOUR runs short at the hips, backs away and swipes it over midwicket. No one in the deep and Stoinis shows awareness once again;
12.2;?;Khaleel Ahmed to Stoinis, no run length outside off, chopped to extra cover;
12.1;?;Khaleel Ahmed to Stoinis, no run missed run-out chance. Length ball at off stump, dropped in front of point with soft hands. KL Rahul swoops down on it and takes some time before throwing at the non-striker's end. Maxwell a long way down. Looked Rahul was caught between going direct and lobbing it back to the bowler who was still backtracking;
12.1;1w;Khaleel Ahmed to Stoinis, 1 wide short ball rising up to rib height, but it's well down leg side;
11.6;1;Krunal to Stoinis, 1 run length on leg stump, tapped to long-on off the back foot;
11.5;?;Krunal to Stoinis, no run Stoinis reviews an lbw decision. It looked very out live. Length ball angled in but going on with the arm as he looked to play the reverse sweep. Trapped in front of middle stump. Is there height on that to save Stoinis? There's no bat...yes there is height. That's going over leg.;
11.4;1;Krunal to Maxwell, 1 run length ball in at leg stump. Backs away and heaves at it to get it out to deep midwicket off the inside half;
11.3;2;Krunal to Maxwell, 2 runs short and wide outside off, cut to sweeper's left;
11.2;1;Krunal to Stoinis, 1 run length at middle stump, tapped through the open mid-on region with soft hands;
11.1;1;Krunal to Maxwell, 1 run full on middle stump, driven to long-on;
11.1;1w;Krunal to Maxwell, 1 wide full and pushed quickly down leg side;
10.6;1;Kuldeep to Maxwell, 1 run short outside off, chopped to sweeper cover;
10.5;?;Kuldeep to Maxwell, no run length. A googly at off stump. Nudged to extra cover on the up;
10.4;1;Kuldeep to Stoinis, 1 run length outside off, looks to play the reverse sweep and gets it off the leading edge. Pitch side on the off side;
10.3;4;Kuldeep to Stoinis, FOUR runs but Stoinis has the last laugh! Stays tall, watches this seam-up quicker one come on at thigh height and ramps it fine. Kuldeep admonishes himself;
10.2;2;Kuldeep to Stoinis, 2 runs nicely done. Full ball outside off, gets low and the stride across off to dab this fine;
10.1;W;Kuldeep to Lynn, OUT lobs it straight back! Lynn goes too hard at a loopy length ball that goes straight on. He's put in a stride but isn't anywhere near the pitch of that as he tries to get the single at long-off. Soft way to end an innings of hard hitting;Chris Lynn c & b Kuldeep Yadav 37 (20b 1x4 4x6) SR: 185;
9.6;1;Krunal to Lynn, 1 run wider of off, hammered to deep cover-point;
9.5;?;Krunal to Lynn, no run skips down, he darts it shorter and defends to cover;
9.4;6;Krunal to Lynn, SIX runs advances to the pitch and launches this straight to the sightscreen! Great footwork to get down and loft through the line;
9.3;1;Krunal to Maxwell, 1 run shorter into leg stump, he tucks this to square leg;
9.2;?;Krunal to Maxwell, no run tossed up, on off, defended to cover;
9.1;?;Krunal to Maxwell, no run 92kph, full on off, he defends into the off side;
8.6;?;Kuldeep to Lynn, no run wrong un, pitched on middle and leg, he defends into the off side;
8.5;1;Kuldeep to Maxwell, 1 run wrong un, he prods it into the off side, not sure he picked it, but they pinch a single;
8.4;2;Kuldeep to Maxwell, 2 runs tossed up outside off, driven hard straight of deep cover-point for an easy two;
8.3;W;Kuldeep to Finch, OUT caught at backward point! Brilliant from Kuldeep. He tossed up the wrong un, Finch advances and doesn't get to the pitch, swings hard against the spin, gets a thick outside edge that flies all the way to the man at backward point who takes an easy catch. Great bowling;Aaron Finch c Ahmed b Kuldeep Yadav 27 (24b 3x4 0x6) SR: 112.5;
8.2;?;Kuldeep to Finch, no run attempted reverse sweep, hit on the pad, an appeal, not out, hit outside the line of off;
8.1;1;Kuldeep to Lynn, 1 run tossed up on off, pushed on the front foot into the gap at cover;
7.6;1;Khaleel Ahmed to Lynn, 1 run short and wide and cut hard out to deep cover to the sweeper;
7.5;6;Khaleel Ahmed to Lynn, SIX runs short arm jab over straight long on! Fuller length and he punches with the bottom hand through the line and it sails straight of long on;
7.4;6;Khaleel Ahmed to Lynn, SIX runs launched into the upper deck over square leg! Goodness what a strike! This was a shorter length in the arc and it disappeared into the top deck of the stand at square leg. Magnificent hit;
7.3;2;Khaleel Ahmed to Lynn, 2 runs short into leg stump again, he heaves this away with the swing wide of fine leg and they get two;
7.2;?;Khaleel Ahmed to Lynn, no run 133kph, tries to go again and misses! He swung so hard at this. There was a woosh of the bat as he missed it;
7.1;6;Khaleel Ahmed to Lynn, SIX runs launches high over midwicket and it goes all the way! Length ball in the slot and Lynn lofts this very high and it falls just over the rope!;
6.6;?;Kuldeep to Finch, no run tossed up on leg, clipped straight to midwicket in the ring;
6.5;?;Kuldeep to Finch, no run wrong un, he sweeps but misses, big appeal from Rohit at slip but it was spinning well past off;
6.4;1;Kuldeep to Lynn, 1 run tossed up on leg, he drives along the ground to long on;
6.3;1;Kuldeep to Finch, 1 run tossed up, full toss, driven along the ground to long off;
6.2;1;Kuldeep to Lynn, 1 run quicker on leg, tucked off the back foot to deep square;
6.1;1;Kuldeep to Finch, 1 run full toss, swept hard to deep backward square;
5.6;1;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, 1 run 132kph, angled into the pads, tucked through midwicket;
5.5;1;Bhuvneshwar to Lynn, 1 run good length, 134kph, heaved away along the ground to deep square leg;
5.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Lynn, no run 122kph, back of a length slower ball, he chops it off the bottom half of the bat back onto the pitch;
5.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Lynn, no run huge swing and miss. Back of a length on off and he lined this up and tried to launch over long on but misses;
5.2;1;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, 1 run 132kph, good length, off stump, drives nicely to straight mid on and runs with the stroke;
5.1;4;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, FOUR runs leg glance fine for four! This is full and swinging down leg and he glances this easily past fine leg who is inside the circle;
4.6;1;Khaleel Ahmed to Finch, 1 run 129kph, good length, middle and leg, turned away on the front foot through square leg;
4.5;1;Khaleel Ahmed to Lynn, 1 run 132kph, shorter into the hip, he turns this away nicely behind square;
4.4;?;Khaleel Ahmed to Lynn, no run good length, angled into leg, tucks him up, he defends with the full face back to the bowler;
4.3;4;Khaleel Ahmed to Lynn, FOUR runs drives on the up through cover-point! Classy shot this. Good length and he plays a classical square drive on the up. Lovely way to start from Lynn;
4.2;1;Khaleel Ahmed to Finch, 1 run good length, across him he drives and drags a thick inside edge through square leg;
4.1;W;Khaleel Ahmed to Short, OUT caught at mid on running back! Brilliant catch from Kuldeep. It was a good length, off stump, he lofted this very high, got underneath it, it sailed back over the bowler's head, Kuldeep ran back and held a superb catch!;D'Arcy Short c Kuldeep Yadav b Ahmed 7 (12b 1x4 0x6) SR: 58.33;
3.6;2;Bumrah to Finch, 2 runs 139kph, thick edge fine of third man, no slips in, Finch races back taking on the throw and dives and makes it easily as the throw is well wide;
3.5;?;Bumrah to Finch, no run swing and a miss. Good length outside off, some extra bounce beats the edge as he drives on the up;
3.4;4;Bumrah to Finch, FOUR runs good length, 142kph, thick inside edged runs wide of short fine leg and races away! That was a good delivery unrewarded;
3.3;4;Bumrah to Finch, FOUR runs crunched straight of mid on! It was overpitched and he drives through the line, doesn't nail but hits it straight of mid on and beats the man;
3.2;1;Bumrah to Short, 1 run 144kph, full into the pads, squeezes off the edge onto pad and rolls away into the leg side;
3.1;1;Bumrah to Finch, 1 run Dropped by Kohli at cover! He hammered this drive so hard on the up, Kohli was quite close and it burst through his hands and into his cap, and away for a single;
2.6;4;Bhuvneshwar to Short, FOUR runs finally pulls one away behind square! Fractionally short into the ribs and he swings this around behind square and it races to the rope;
2.5;1;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, 1 run 129kph, punches off the back foot to mid off but mistimes completely and he's able to get an easy given it was hit so slowly to him;
2.4;2;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, 2 runs 118kph, short ball, pulls with not great timing behind square and the sweeper has to run around and cut it off;
2.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run 119kph, slower outswinger, perfect length outside off, he defends on the front foot;
2.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run 129kph, good length, holds up a touch, he's back and punching to cover with no timing;
2.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run 129kph, good length, wide of off, he drives off the stickers of the bat to cover in the ring;
1.6;?;Bumrah to Short, no run 136kph,another swing and a miss, good length angled across and swinging further away and he misses a drive on the up;
1.5;1;Bumrah to Finch, 1 run back of a length, 138kph, on off, he knocks this to the gap at midwicket;
1.4;2;Bumrah to Finch, 2 runs wide of the crease, 139kph, angled to middle, he clips this nicely with the angle wide of mid on for a couple;
1.3;?;Bumrah to Finch, no run 136kph, good length, he tried to turn to leg but got a leading edge that falls safely close on the off side;
1.2;1;Bumrah to Short, 1 run 138kph, shorter length on leg, worked wide of mid on for an easy one;
1.1;?;Bumrah to Short, no run full on off, 138kph, driven back to the bowler;
0.6;1;Bhuvneshwar to Short, 1 run shorter length, bunts a short arm pull shot to deep square who had dropped to the rope for the last ball;
0.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Short, no run swing and a miss. This was fuller, he tried to thump it down the ground but it nipped off the seam through to the keeper;
0.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Short, no run 128kph, good length, middle and leg line, worked to a man at a very square midwicket;
0.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Short, no run 128kph, back of a length, across him, he pushes firmly with the vertical bat to point;
0.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Short, no run beaten, 129kph, good length, swinging away and beats the edge as he drives with no footwork;
0.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Short, no run 126kph, good length, leg stump, tucked straight to forward square leg in the ring;

5.48pm A big roar from the India supporters in the Gabba crowd. Here comes team India. Kohli pulls them into a huddle. Short and Finch walk out to the middle. Short batted No.3 against South Africa. He will take the first ball. Bhuvneshwar Kumar will bowl the first over.
5.45pm The players are about to come out on the ground.
abhishek anand: "given how coulter nile troubled kohli in the IPL i am suprised he is dropped . "
5.40pm Usman Khawaja has told the TV broadcasters that his knee is in good shape. He is back running and should play in the Shield match on November 27. He expects to be fit for the first Test. He also expects that the selectors won't make too many changes from the batting line-up that faced Pakistan in the UAE.
5.35pm Shane Warne thinks India are the favourites "for the first time".
Bhaskar: "India was also touted as favorites when they toured Aus in 2011 with Aus having an inexperienced bowling attack and india being number 1 test side and we all know what happened next so let's not be over optimistic."
Michael : "Am in Brisbane sorry to say it but the smell of rain is in the air. May have played a part in Kohli decision to bat. 80% chance of rain in next 2 hours. "
The radar looks OK at the moment. There is some rain sweeping in from the west but it might miss the Gabba.
5:30pm Jasprit Bumrah tells the TV broadcasters the wicket looks good to bowl on. He's excited to be in Australia and looking forward to the challenge.
Lakshman Kumar: "The last time India played the Aussies in T20Is in Australia, THAT man Virat Kohli had a whopping average of 199 with scores of 90*,59* and 50 in the 3 matches..!! Looking forward for this series..! "
Snehil: "India are really going to miss Hardik on this tour. His hit the deck bowling is best suited to these conditions. Also, if he would have been available it would have allowed India to play both of their wrist spinners. Having said that, India should still have opted to play both Chahal and Kuldeep. With extra bounce and large outfields, they could have been very potent."
5:20pm Virat Kohli and Aaron Finch are ready for the toss. The call is heads and Virat Kohli has won the toss and India will bowl first.
Virat Kohli says there is grass on the pitch and they want to have a look first with the ball and test themselves chasing.
Aaron Finch says Australia would have bowled first if they had won the toss but he thinks there are runs in the surface. They have made one change from the team that lost to South Africa last Sunday. Leg spinner Adam Zampa comes in for Nathan Coulter-Nile.
Teams: India: 1 Rohit Sharma, 2 Shikhar Dhawan, 3 Virat Kohli (capt), 4 KL Rahul, 5 Rishabh Pant (wk), 6 Dinesh Karthik, 7 Krunal Pandya, 8 Bhuvneshwar Kumar, 9 Kuldeep Yadav, 10 Jasprit Bumrah, 11 Khaleel Ahmed.
Australia: 1 Aaron Finch (capt), 2 D'Arcy Short, 3 Chris Lynn, 4 Glenn Maxwell, 5 Marcus Stoinis, 6 Ben McDermott, 7 Alex Carey (wk), 8 Adam Zampa, 9 Andrew Tye, 10 Jason Behrendorff, 11 Billy Stanlake
5:15pm The players are warming up on the ground. We're not far away from the toss. The pitch looks like it has a good covering of grass on it. All of the ODI and T20I pitches in Australia this summer have been good for the pacemen. While we wait here is Deivarayan Muthu's preview.
Abhishek Saluja: "India starting as favourites on an overseas tour, to Australia of all places! Never thought I'd live to see the day "
Senthil: "It will be interesting to see how Indian batsman are going to handle Behrendorff this time around with the pace and bounce he is going to extract from these Australian pitch. Biggest threat."
5:05pm Good evening! Welcome to our coverage of the first game of India's tour of Australia. Another mega tour for India, who have had quite a lot said about their touring abilities. They've said quite a bit themselves too. What can they produce to finish a year with mixed results in South Africa and England? And what can a transitioning Australia do to stop them? We'll see!
Join Murali Karthik build up to the game on our Match Day Hindi show live on Facebook.
Vicky: "Ah! THAT excitement when India commences a tour Down Under. Priceless!"
 Innings Start
10:20pm That is all from our coverage today. An exciting game, accentuated by superb middle-order batting, made interesting by mini-capitaulations by the fielding teams, and given an entire new dimension by the rain, that had most of us all over the place. We hope you enjoyed the coverage. On behalf of Alex and Raghav, this is goodbye.
Adam Zampa: Really good feeling. Virat being the player he is, getting him out was a really nice feeling. I never trust Cazza (Carey) with these decisions behind the stumps, but he got this one right!"
Adam Zampa is the Man of the Match.
Finch: I thought the boys played really well especially through the middle overs with the bat. And the bowlers did a really good job. (With Stoinis) I was very confident. He was the one I penciled in to do that job at the end. He had clear plans and executed his plans really well."
Virat: "A lot of Indians came to support us. It was a great atmosphere to play in. It was sort of a see saw battle. We bowled well and then they came back into the game with Stoinis and Maxy batting well. (Shikhar) a really good knock from him. Dinesh Karthik at the end played really well as well. We don't have much time to think of things, [that's the] good thing as well as a bad thing when you haven't won the game. You just move on to the next game [at MCG.]"
Maxwell: "I was pretty excited after dropping one earlier and let it go for six, I was pretty excited to make amends. (the previous one) slipped through my hands. The ball was a cake of soap.
"It's nice to have a bit of luck [with the bat]. It was great fun. Me and Stoin had great fun batting together."



Yogesh: "I think Manjinder is right. He is talking about the dropped catch before rain stopped play. That should have affect the target." -- Yep. KG: "@Varun: If Khaleel had held on to the catch before rain break, it would have definitely impacted the target, as the resources at Aus disposal would have been lesser. I am quite sure that would have resulted in 4+ decrease in target for India" ---
You're right. I mixed things up with Manjinder's question. Apologies. Sooryanarayanan: "How good was Adam Zampa though? Economy of 5.5 including the wickets of KL and Kohli." Piyush Jindal: "Difference between Pant scooping and someone like AB or Dilshan scooping is that Pant doesnt get low so he is mostly just scooping the ball in the air instead of guiding it over the fielders" Raj: "24 of 28 balls from Rohit, Rahul and Kohli combined ....That's where India lost the match " Martin Jones: "I like the D/L method, but it must be very tricky to explain to a non-cricket fan that the team who scored eleven more runs in this game lost by four runs." Greg T: "Not pretty, but I'll take it..." Dishant: "Stoinis bowled 2 overs of off-cutters and none of the Indian batsmen tried something different. Slogging straight on slower balls won't work in these big grounds." sravan: "DRS - the idea of adding 15 runs to the Australian total is on the principle that the batsmen would have scored 15 more runs if it had started off as a 17-over match. But no one plans it out like that in the T20 format, particularly when batting first, it's a hit fest from ball 1. Doesn't make sense in this format, IMO. Tough luck, lads!" SG: "Wow, except a few batsmen and bowlers rest of the Indian team played like they just landed in Australia this morning. First let it slip with bowling and then after coming so close to victory let it slip with batting also... What kind of shot was that from pant when so close to victory?"



9:59pm Justin Langer couldn't even manage a smile when Australia got Karthik. An accurate representation of how bad it nearly got for Australia. A remarkable comeback from India via Karthik and Pant, but the top order didn't fire alongside Shikhar Dhawan and that's the difference today. Not to mention their average day in the field. Some misfortune with the rain and not being able to bowl out their best bowlers too, but they would have been reasonably happy about chasing 174 for in 17. On the day, they just couldn't.
16.6;4;Stoinis to Kuldeep, FOUR runs Australia have hung on. Not a bad shot first ball from Kuldeep - walks into the off side and ramps it over short fine.;
16.5;1;Stoinis to Bhuvneshwar, 1 run can only get one. Short of a length and rising up outside off. Swats again, makes connection, but it plonks to long-on's right;
16.5;1w;Stoinis to Bhuvneshwar, 1 wide called wide! A slower bouncer. Bhuvneshwar jumps down the track and has a heave at it. It is too high.;
16.4;W;Stoinis to Karthik, OUT finds long-off! There is life in this Australian bowling still. Stoinis sticks to his strategy of slower ones despite the caning last over. Drops it short of length outside off, gives him no pace as he walks down and all he can do is slap it, flat, straight to Behdrendorff. Dinesh KArthik won't take India home today, but he's brought them to the gate;Dinesh Karthik c Behrendorff b Stoinis 30 (13b 4x4 1x6) SR: 230.76;
16.3;W;Stoinis to Krunal, OUT Maxwell with the stunner! Stoinis with a nervous smirk, but he's done superbly to make this wicket. A slower ball, pitching outside off and zipping away. Means Krunal will not connect with the slog sweep. It lobs some 15 yards in front of long-on and Maxwell sprints in, slides, and takes it inches off the floor. Then he gets up and roars. That's a man trying to prove something.;Krunal Pandya c Maxwell b Stoinis 2 (4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
16.2;?;Stoinis to Krunal, no run beaten! Oh this is close. So close. Full toss wide outside off and it's past the wide marker, but Krunal has shuffled and that is in his arc. It won't be called a wide;
16.1;2;Stoinis to Krunal, 2 runs slides back in. Completes the second run. Slower ball short of a length delivery wide outside off. Shuffles and wants to pull through midwicket. It's off the toe and to long-on's left;
15.6;4;Tye to Karthik, FOUR runs but he finishes what looked like a decent over with a four! Top class. Just top class slog-overs batting from Karthik. He knows the field and he's going to hit it wherever he wants. Walks across this time, gets the overpitched ball with a stride and drills it, almost half a sweep, to long-on's right. It races away, he has no chance;
15.5;?;Tye to Karthik, no run misses a short and wide ball! That was there for the taking. He swatted right under it.;
15.4;1lb;Tye to Krunal, 1 leg bye off his helmet. Tye with the bouncer first up and Pandya is in a terrible position for the hook. This flies off the BCCI logo on his helmet. He's on his feet though and they complete the single at square leg;
15.3;W;Tye to Pant, OUT taken at point! Pant looks for the reverse scoop and it's the second time in recent memory that he's been out playing that. It was bowled last time, it's a skier for point this time. Third man and two point fielders were in, the shot was on. But he got this full toss off the toe-end. Is there drama left still?!;Rishabh Pant c Behrendorff b Tye 20 (16b 1x4 1x6) SR: 125;
15.2;1;Tye to Karthik, 1 run length at the stumps, clipped to the deep midwicket region;
15.2;1w;Tye to Karthik, 1 wide length ball wide outside off, left alone. Walked a couple of steps into the off side, it was still too wide;
15.1;4;Tye to Karthik, FOUR runs well wide of long-off. Stunning placement. He finally nails a cover drive after a couple of edges. Slower ball, full outside off, gets to the pitch and in control as he drives firmly;
14.6;1;Stoinis to Karthik, 1 run slower ball at a length outside off, square drive to sweeper's right;
14.5;1;Stoinis to Pant, 1 run slower ball, short of a length outside off. Mistimed slap on the up to long-off;
14.5;1nb;Stoinis to Pant, (no ball) full toss above waist height! This is disintegration. Looks for the wide yorker, seemingly. It's very wide and is called that first, before the umpire looks to his left and sees the leg umpire signal no-ball;
14.4;1;Stoinis to Karthik, 1 run outside edge short of short third man. Slower ball outside off, looks to drive on the up, it gets big on him;
14.3;4;Stoinis to Karthik, FOUR runs beats backward square to the right! Poor ball, but expertly put away. He was tangled there briefly because he had walked down. But it was a slower ball and he had time to swivel and pull this while he was still on the move. Swatted it, and the dive wouldn't do it in the deep;
14.2;1;Stoinis to Pant, 1 run length outside off, seems to be a knuckle ball. Hammers it to long-on's left with a flat bat;
14.1;2;Stoinis to Pant, 2 runs sliced to third man's left. Slower ball bowled wide at a length, he looks to slap through cover, ends up carving it;
13.6;6;Tye to Karthik, SIX runs Maxwell leaps to catch outside the boundary but can't chuck the ball back in before he lands on the floor! This is a full toss, Karthik slaps it to deep midwicket's left. Maxwell is running diagonally back to his left and with that angle, he can only end up over the rope somehow. To counter it, he leaps to catch and tries to flick it back, but he can't quite manage it. India get 25 off the over;
13.5;4;Tye to Karthik, FOUR runs outside edge! And flying past Carey. Full ball outside off, looks to smoke this through cover but that ball slides away off the surface to get the outside edge;
13.5;1w;Tye to Karthik, 1 wide length and very very wide outside off. Left alone;
13.4;2;Tye to Karthik, 2 runs full outside off, check-drives to sweeper's right;
13.3;1;Tye to Pant, 1 run short at middle stump, mistimed pull out to deep midwicket;
13.3;1w;Tye to Pant, 1 wide follows him down leg with a bouncer but it's called wide as he beats him;
13.2;4;Tye to Pant, FOUR runs pumped! Full at leg stump, gets the front foot out of the way and pummels it between long-on and deep midwicket;
13.1;6;Tye to Pant, SIX runs clears fine leg! What hands. It takes some doing with his backlift to hit from under the ball. But that's what he's done. It's length, it's climbing up at his thigh, but he just ramps this;
12.6;1;Zampa to Pant, 1 run a single to extra cover's left. Pant walks down at this but has to adjust to the googly. Can only tap it there.;
12.5;1;Zampa to Karthik, 1 run full toss outside off, mistimed slog off the toe-end to deep midwicket;
12.4;1;Zampa to Pant, 1 run googly bowled full outside off, drilled firmly but straight to long-off;
12.3;2;Zampa to Pant, 2 runs long-on pushes it back in after sprinting to his left. Length at middle stump, pulls aerially but it's miscued and doesn't have the legs to beat the fielders converging on it;
12.2;?;Zampa to Pant, no run googly at a length on leg stump, slogs at it and cops it on the thigh;
12.1;?;Zampa to Pant, no run yorker length at off stump, jammed back down the pitch;
11.6;2;Stanlake to Karthik, 2 runs short of a length outside off, runs it down to third man's left;
11.5;1lb;Stanlake to Pant, 1 leg bye slower ball at a length on leg stump, looks to swipe into the leg side, cops it on the thigh;
11.5;1nb;Stanlake to Pant, (no ball) bouncer dropped too short and well down leg side. Leaves it alone;
11.4;W;Stanlake to S Dhawan, OUT ramps straight to third man. Bouncer at a middle stump line. Backs away and uses the pace. Not a bad ploy, but he's found the fielder at the boundary. Another top innings from Dhawan to follow the last one against West Indies, but is this the game for Australia?;Shikhar Dhawan c Behrendorff b Stanlake 76 (42b 10x4 2x6) SR: 180.95;
11.3;2;Stanlake to S Dhawan, 2 runs drops short of the fielder at fine leg. Short of a length delivery at leg stump, stays in the crease and ramps it upwards. Fine leg dives to his right and can't quite get it;
11.2;6;Stanlake to S Dhawan, SIX runs swats this away! This is nicely done. He has Stanlake figured. Rocks back, gets under the bounce and helps it along over square leg;
11.1;1;Stanlake to Pant, 1 run short of a length on the pads, tickled to fine leg off the back foot;
10.6;2;Zampa to S Dhawan, 2 runs length outside off, slices to sweeper cover;
10.5;W;Zampa to Kohli, OUT taken at short third man! Zampa applies the squeeze on Kohli - 1 run off 5 balls - and has him swatting with no shape under this length ball. Looks like a topspinner. Gets big on Kohli, although he wasn't close to the pitch of that to start with after stepping out. Gets a top edge and it is pouched;Virat Kohli c Lynn b Zampa 4 (8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
10.4;?;Zampa to Kohli, no run length outside off, looks to slog sweep, comes off the inside half to midwicket;
10.3;1;Zampa to S Dhawan, 1 run length outside off, steps out and drives to long-off;
10.2;?;Zampa to S Dhawan, no run dropped! Oh that's a sitter. Length ball outside off, beats him in the flight and gets him to jab with hard hands. It floats back to him and he loses his balance to the left as he crouches with the reverse-cup;
10.1;?;Zampa to S Dhawan, no run full and wide outside off, beaten on the drive;
9.6;2;Stoinis to Kohli, 2 runs falls short of Stanlake at wide third man. Length ball wide outside off and he chucks his hands at this. Once again, seems to have misjudged the pace of it and is through it early. Slices high to the fielder's right;
9.6;1w;Stoinis to Kohli, 1 wide bouncer dug in too short, ducks under it;
9.5;1;Stoinis to S Dhawan, 1 run slower short all at middle. Drags the pull to deep square;
9.4;1lb;Stoinis to Kohli, 1 leg bye into the mid-riff as this skids under his pull shot. Short of a length ball into the side of his stomach and deflects to Carey's right;
9.3;1;Stoinis to S Dhawan, 1 run slower ball at a length on off stump, dropped into the covers with soft hands;
9.2;2;Stoinis to S Dhawan, 2 runs length outside off, steps out and slaps it on the up to long-off's right. Fielder over-runs it three but manages to keep it in by sticking out his left hand;
9.1;1;Stoinis to Kohli, 1 run length at middle stump, allows it to come on and nudges it to deep square;
8.6;2;Zampa to S Dhawan, 2 runs length outside off, swats at it as it keeps sliding away. Thick outside edge past short third man;
8.5;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run length at middle stump, drilled back down the pitch and bursts through Zampa's hands low to his right;
8.4;?;Zampa to Kohli, no run length at off stump, blocked on the front foot;
8.3;?;Zampa to Kohli, no run full on leg stump, whipped straight to midwicket;
8.2;W;Zampa to Rahul, OUT stumping appeal sent upstairs. KL Rahul is driving inside the line of a googly, well outside off. Away from the body. He has overbalanced and his foot is on the line before the close-ups...and the close-ups reveal no part of the sole is behind the line. Quick hands from Carey after Rahul is done by the loop.;KL Rahul st ?Carey b Zampa 13 (12b 1x4 0x6) SR: 108.33;
8.1;2;Zampa to Rahul, 2 runs full on off stump, clears the front leg and lofts it wide of long-off with a mistimed inside-out drive;
8.1;1nb;Zampa to Rahul, (no ball) the bails have lit up as he goes back for the cut but he seems to have got the shot away anyway. This will be checked. Was it Carey's gloves? Yes it is. They get a single at backward point. That will be a no-ball too.;
7.6;4;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, FOUR runs charges and gets to it on the full and smokes a drive straight down the ground to the sightscreen! Brilliant from Dhawan;
7.5;?;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, no run 133kph, full toss outside off, mistimed to cover. He misses out there;
7.4;4;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, FOUR runs slices a drive in the air but straight between cover and mid off! This wasn't flushed, on the up, but he picked the gap and it raced away;
7.3;2;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, 2 runs half-volley, cracks a drive past cover and it races to the rope, McDermott slides and saves but they get two. Fifty for Dhawan! Superb innings this;
7.2;6;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, SIX runs flicked over backward square into the crowd! This was into the pads and with the angle he just picked it up and flicked it flat and over backward square and it carried the fence;
7.1;1;Behrendorff to Rahul, 1 run yorker length, squeezes it out through cover point to the sweeper;
6.6;1;Zampa to Rahul, 1 run pushed through quicker, he's back and punching down to long on;
6.5;?;Zampa to Rahul, no run tossed up, driven with the spin to cover-point;
6.4;?;Zampa to Rahul, no run stumping chance, he swung at a cut after pressing forward, Carey whips the bails off but he had his foot down;
6.3;2;Zampa to Rahul, 2 runs nudged to midwicket, no one in the ring, they run two brilliantly;
6.2;4;Zampa to Rahul, FOUR runs short and wide, dragged down, he cuts hard past backward point! Well placed;
6.1;1;Zampa to S Dhawan, 1 run nudged with the turn to midwicket;
5.6;1;Tye to S Dhawan, 1 run full toss, driven hard to mid off on the ring;
5.5;4;Tye to S Dhawan, FOUR runs edged just past the keeper! Cross seam, back of a length outside off, he tried to glide it to third man, extra bounce caught the edge but it was thick enough to go just past the outstretched glove of Carey and away to the rope;
5.4;4;Tye to S Dhawan, FOUR runs skips down the track and lofts it straight to the sightscreen! This was a 115kph slower ball, he skipped down and held his shape hitting it straight down the ground, it just pitched short of the rope;
5.3;1;Tye to Rahul, 1 run shorter length, on off, he defends with soft hands into the off side and they pinch one;
5.2;1;Tye to S Dhawan, 1 run 133kph, on speed, short and wide, slashed in the air for a long way it doesn't carry to third man;
5.1;1;Tye to Rahul, 1 run 115kph, slower ball, knuckle ball variety, full on off, driven to long on;
4.6;?;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, no run 132kph, short and wide and cut hard but straight to point;
4.5;4;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, FOUR runs 130kph, short down leg, he pulls fine for four! This was a bad ball. He swivelled and pulled it fine, it just fell short of the rope;
4.4;?;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, no run back of a length, he punches off the back foot hard to cover-point;
4.3;1;Behrendorff to Rahul, 1 run 131kph, good length on middle, he's back and across, tucks behind square;
4.2;1;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, 1 run short and wide and late cut to third man;
4.1;W;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, OUT caught by Finch running back from mid on! He skips down and tries to loft over the on side, scoops a leading edge high back over the bowler's head, Finch runs back gets very close to it but hugs it to his chest! It bobbled a moment but he held on;Rohit Sharma c Finch b Behrendorff 7 (8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 87.5;
3.6;?;Stanlake to S Dhawan, no run good length, middle, defended into the off side;
3.5;1;Stanlake to Rohit Sharma, 1 run short ball, hooked, not controlled, it just falls short of McDermott running in! The Aussies did forecast that uncontrolled hook shot and it nearly did the trick;
3.4;2;Stanlake to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs shorter length, he ramps it, he steps inside it and flips it, but doesn't get it, fine leg is up, it just goes fine of him and they get a couple;
3.3;?;Stanlake to Rohit Sharma, no run 142kph, good length, middle stump, he defends on the front foot;
3.2;1;Stanlake to S Dhawan, 1 run 145kph, back of a length outside off, he chops down through the vacant slips to third man;
3.1;4;Stanlake to S Dhawan, FOUR runs short and pulled behind square! Hip height length and he swivelled and smashed it behind square, one bounce four;
2.6;1;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, 1 run advances, he saw him coming, bangs it in, jams him into the hip, he tucks it around the corner;
2.5;?;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, no run he charges, banged in back of a length, he gives room and cuts straight to backward point;
2.4;2;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, 2 runs lofted just over the head of Tye running back from mid on! Very full, he tried to whip square but scooped it just over the man running back;
2.3;2;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, 2 runs opens the face and runs fine of third man, big Billy Stanlake runs around and makes a diving save! Great effort;
2.2;4;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, FOUR runs skips down and checks a drive down straight of mid off! Superb control. He skipped down the track to the pitch and hit a controlled check drive, lofted straight of mid off;
2.1;?;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, no run swing and miss, this was a tempter outside off, and it nipped back in, drives hard and it beats the inside edge but it was wide of off stump;
1.6;?;Stanlake to Rohit Sharma, no run good length, fifth stump line, defended to point;
1.5;1;Stanlake to S Dhawan, 1 run 142kph, back of a length, defended close into the off side with soft hands and they pinch one. Good running and great hands to knock it down;
1.4;4;Stanlake to S Dhawan, FOUR runs slashed hard past backward point! Fractionally short and wide and he threw his hands through it and it raced off the blade past Maxwell's dive at backward point and away to the rope;
1.3;?;Stanlake to S Dhawan, no run fuller length, driven firmly straight to mid off;
1.3;1w;Stanlake to S Dhawan, 1 wide short ball down leg, he hooks and misses, there's a big appeal from Maxwell from point but no one else went up. Called wide. He missed it by miles;
1.2;1;Stanlake to Rohit Sharma, 1 run 141kph, back of a length, run off the open face down to third man;
1.1;?;Stanlake to Rohit Sharma, no run 138kph, back of a length, off stump, he defends from the crease;
0.6;?;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, no run beaten again good length, swinging away, he defends inside the line and it goes past the edge;
0.5;?;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, no run beaten, back of a length, fifth stump line, nipping away, he tries to force off the back foot and misses;
0.4;4;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, FOUR runs french cut for four! Great delivery, nips off the seam from a good length, he prods in defence, gets a thick inside edge that flies past leg stump and fine for four;
0.3;?;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, no run 134kph, back of a length, nipping back, hits him on the thigh and drops into the off side;
0.2;4;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, FOUR runs 134kph, half volley and a beautiful cover drive! Lovely footwork, flowing bat through the line and past cover and it races away;
0.1;3;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, 3 runs 136kph, swinging into the pads and he eases this with glorious timing through square midwicket;

Thanks Varun. Here we go. Shikhar Dhawan and Rohit Sharma are out there. Rohit is facing the first ball. Jason Behrendorff to open up. He bowled the first to South Africa and got hammered but he did have great success in India last year taking 4 for 21 and knocked over both these players.
 Innings Start
Australia
India
1st T20I (D/N), Brisbane, Nov 21 2018, India tour of Australia
158/4
169/7
Player of the match is Adam Zampa, AUS
Australia won by 4 runs (D/L method)
