Data
Scenarios again:
If Sri Lanka win this, they are through to the next round.
If Sri Lanka restrict Aus to 164, they will top the table.
If Australia win this in 29.1 overs, they are through to the next round.
If Australia win this after 29.1 overs, New Zealand are through.
Chris: "Being unnecessarily pedantic Australia can go through up until the end of the 30th over as if they get 259 by hitting the last ball of the 30th over for a 6 there NRR goes up to 0.78."
Vinay: "@Chris being pedantic isn't unnecessary at all! The way things have gone this CT pedant is the need of the hour! #SAvsWI"
Darren Fletcher: "So basically the Aussies go for it and once they can't go through they ensure that they lose?"
Kshitij: "@Dev: so situations says....Aus need to beg India for Virat for 3 hours and assume its Hobart!!!"
A masterclass from Mahela has given Sri Lanka a strong total again. They didn't have the best of the starts when they lost an in-form Sanga early, but the young guns finally arrived and played their part in setting up a good total. Tough shot for Australia, but you never know in cricket. It's not impossible.
Gayan: "It will b interesting to see if SL will try to get under Wade and Maxwell's skins. Last time these two teams played each other things got heated. Already saw some words between Wade and Mahela. Will be a cracker of a game regardless!"
Anuj: "Take 20 overs of PP all at once and play it like 20-20. If OZ can get to 180 they have a good chance !"
49.6;2;Faulkner to Malinga, 2 runs he gets some bat on it and pushes it to midwicket. It was a single till the bowler ran to field that, but a wild throw towards the keeper allows the Sri Lankans to get back for a second;
49.5;1;Faulkner to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run low full toss, the batsman drives it hard, but this time he is not able to find that gap at extra cover.. It's straight to the fielder. They think about a second, but finally settle down for a single;
49.4;?;Faulkner to Mahela Jayawardene, no run he goes for a reverse sweep this time, but this one was a quick one aimed at leg stump, he makes no connection this time and gets hit on the pads;
49.3;2;Faulkner to Mahela Jayawardene, 2 runs slower delivery from the back of his hand, Mahela comes down the pitch and slaps it to deep cover for a quick couple;
49.2;4;Faulkner to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs he comes down the pitch and takes the attempted yorker on the full, whacks it over extra cover for yet another boundary in that region;
49.1;W;Faulkner to Mahela Jayawardene, OUT Mahela makes room and drives it inside out, but this is straight to the man at extra cover. Mahela was not interested in the single, but Herath runs all the way down to the striker's end.. Simple run out, but doesn't really matter at this stage. Mahela is still on strike;Rangana Herath run out (Marsh/Faulkner) 2 (8m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 40;
48.6;1;McKay to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run moves to the leg side again, and then dabs the slower delivery to backward point for a single;
48.5;4;McKay to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs he moves to the leg side and just places it in the tiny gap between short third man and backward point. How does he do that?;
48.4;1b;McKay to Herath, 1 bye another short ball, Herath swings his bat but makes no connection. They steal a bye though;
48.3;?;McKay to Herath, no run quick short delivery to Herath and this one sails past head high;
48.2;1;McKay to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run slower length delivery on the middle, the batsman slaps it down to fine leg for a single;
48.1;1;McKay to Herath, 1 run another aerial shot falls well short of the fielder in deep, this one was cut in the air towards third-man;
48.1;1w;McKay to Herath, 1 wide he bowls a short of length delivery, but this is very wide down the leg side;
39.6;?;McKay to Mahela Jayawardene, no run he bowls it full and on the off stump line, the batsman pushes it straight to midwicket;
39.5;1;McKay to Chandimal, 1 run length delivery on the middle, the batsman pushes it towards mid on for a single;
39.4;1;McKay to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run length delivery angling in towards the middle stump, the batsman whips it past midwicket for a single;
39.3;1;McKay to Chandimal, 1 run he goes fuller this time, the batsman punches it past the non-striker for a single;
39.2;?;McKay to Chandimal, no run back of length delivery on off, Chandimal dabs it to point, but decides against the single as he sees the fielder charging towards it;
39.1;?;McKay to Chandimal, no run he bowls it slightly slower outside off, the batsman tries to run it down to third man but is beaten;
38.6;4;Faulkner to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs he bowls it full and wide this time and the batsman creams it through cover point, the shot beats the man at deep cover;
38.5;1;Faulkner to Chandimal, 1 run finally there is a direct hit (by the bowler at striker's end), and that too when the batsmen weren't attempting a run. The ricochet allows an overthrow;
38.4;1;Faulkner to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run the batsman comes forward and drives the length ball to wide mid-off for a single;
38.3;1;Faulkner to Chandimal, 1 run it's a slower delivery on a fuller length outside off, the batsman drives it to deep extra cover for a single;
38.2;1;Faulkner to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run slower delivery on a length outside off, the batsman dabs it to cover for a single;
38.1;1;Faulkner to Chandimal, 1 run he bowls a length delivery on off, the batsman pushes it to mid-off and takes off for a single. Another attempt from the fielder, but yet again, it misses the stumps;
47.6;1;Faulkner to Herath, 1 run length delivery outside off, Herath makes room and cracks it to deep point;
47.5;?;Faulkner to Herath, no run he bowls a dot-ball at this stage, beats Herath's attempted cut outside off;
47.4;W;Faulkner to Kulasekara, 1 run, OUT bowls a slower ball outside off, the batsman tries to pull it down the ground but doesn't get hold of it. It falls around mid-on and the batsmen try to steal a second, but a quick throw from the deep catches Kula well short of his crease;Nuwan Kulasekara run out (Maxwell/?Wade) 6 (6m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 120;
47.4;1w;Faulkner to Kulasekara, 1 wide attempts another leg-stump yorker, but this one is just a little too far down the leg side;
47.3;1;Faulkner to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run he makes room and drives the ball silkily to deep extra cover;
47.2;1;Faulkner to Kulasekara, 1 run bowls a good yorker on leg stump, but Kula jabs it down to fine leg off the toe of his bat;
47.1;1;Faulkner to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run he bowls a high full-toss and Mahela who was crouching a bit for one of his dab shots, does well to swivel and pull it to deep square leg;
46.6;?;Johnson to Kulasekara, no run he bowls a short delivery, but the batsman ducks under it and the ball goes down the leg side.. Surprisingly not called a wide;
46.5;2;Johnson to Kulasekara, 2 runs back of length delivery outside off, the batsman chops it down to third man for a couple;
46.4;2;Johnson to Kulasekara, 2 runs he gets a low full toss outside off and pushes it to deep cover for a single;
46.3;1;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run he waits on the back foot and guides the length delivery down to third man for a single;
46.2;W;Johnson to Chandimal, OUT caught at mid-on. Tries the big whack again, but it was a slower delivery and although it looked like he had made good connection, he hadn't. That went just high and not long at all. Easily gobbled;Dinesh Chandimal c Hughes b Johnson 31 (38m 32b 1x4 1x6) SR: 96.87;
46.1;2;Johnson to Chandimal, 2 runs he bowls a full delivery and Chandimal throws his bat at that targeting that region over extra cover, but doesn't get the timing luckily as it falls short of long off;
37.6;4;McKay to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs he keeps doing this with such ease! It was a length delivery and all Mahela does it chips it with some timing over the cover fielder. No power, just timing. It easily beats the man at deep extra cover;
37.5;1;McKay to Chandimal, 1 run length delivery outside off, the batsman drives it on the up to deep cover for a single;
37.4;?;McKay to Chandimal, no run fuller length delivery on off stump, the batsman comes forward and pushes it to cover;
37.3;1;McKay to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run length delivery on off, the batsman whips it through midwicket;
37.2;?;McKay to Mahela Jayawardene, no run slower delivery on a fuller length outside off, the batsman comes forward and pushes it to cover;
37.1;?;McKay to Mahela Jayawardene, no run length delivery outside off, the batsman defends it solidly back to the bowler;
37.1;1w;McKay to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 wide he attempts a yorker, but this one is down the leg side;
36.6;W;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, OUT That is bowled! For a few seconds no one had any idea about what was going on! It was a full length delivery and the batsman tried to whip it to the leg side, but it flicked the off stump on its way. The bowler was busy appealing for something (maybe a caught behind as there was a sound).. But it took a while for everyone to realise that the bails were off;Angelo Mathews b Faulkner 12 (29m 20b 1x4 0x6) SR: 60;
36.5;?;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, no run bows a good yorker on off stump, the batsman digs it out. Hits it back to the bowler;
36.4;?;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, no run slower delivery outside off, the batsman tries to push it to cover, but is beaten;
36.3;1;Faulkner to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run he comes forward and pushes the length delivery to deep cover for a single;
36.2;4;Faulkner to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs he bowls a low full toss and Mahela easily paddles it fine to the boundary on the leg side;
36.2;2nb;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, (no ball) 1 run this one is full-toss too and has been called a no-ball, but because he had overstepped. the batsman flicked it deep midwicket;
36.1;1;Faulkner to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run he bowls it full and he bowls it wide outside off, it's slower too, the batsman drives it to deep extra cover for a single;
35.6;1;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run short of length ball just outside off, played with soft hands towards point for a single;
35.6;2nb;Johnson to Angelo Mathews, (no ball) 1 run a beamer! Johnson fires in a high full toss, 146.4kph, above waist height, guided down to third man for a single;
35.5;1;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run similar length and outside off, dabbed towards point where Maxwell fields;
35.4;?;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, no run Jayaewardene struggling with the wide angle from which Johnson is delivering, a somewhat round-arm action from round the wicket, Jayawardene jumps awkwardly as he defends that shortish ball from the crease;
35.3;1;Johnson to Angelo Mathews, 1 run tapped towards point for a single this time;
35.2;4;Johnson to Angelo Mathews, FOUR runs shot! superb hit from Mathews, that was shortish from Johnson, Mathews backs to make room and unleashes a ferocious slap that send the ball racing to the cover boundary;
35.1;?;Johnson to Angelo Mathews, no run quick ball from wide of the stumps, angling in towards the batsman, who defends to the leg side;
34.6;1;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, 1 run full ball on middle, driven towards midwicket for the fourth single of the over;
34.5;1;Faulkner to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run another quick single is taken, just drops the ball towards point and sets off;
34.4;1;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, 1 run strays on to the pads, helped towards short fine leg for a single;
34.3;?;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, no run just outside off, defended towards point by Mathews;
34.2;1;Faulkner to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run length ball on off stump, clipped in front of square leg for a single;
34.1;?;Faulkner to Mahela Jayawardene, no run short of length ball just outside off, dabbed towards short third man, no run;
33.6;1;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run back of length this time, 145 kph, the batsman tries to defend it off the back foot and gets an inside edge towards square leg;
33.5;?;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, no run falls just short of Watson this time! It was a full delivery angling in and the batsman flicked it in the air, just drops short of Watson..;
33.4;?;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, no run fuller length delivery on off, the batsman pushes it to cover;
33.3;1lb;Johnson to Angelo Mathews, 1 leg bye back of length delivery of off, the batsman tries to whip it to the leg side but gets hit high on the pads. It rolls towards backward point, from where the fielder fires in a throw at non-striker's. Could have surprised the batsman had he hit;
33.2;?;Johnson to Angelo Mathews, no run Angelo gives him the charge, drives it, but straight to the man at mid off;
33.1;1;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run fires a short of length delivery that hurries on to the batsman as he tries to pull it, it was in the air for a while, but well short of the man at fine leg;
32.6;2;McKay to Angelo Mathews, 2 runs it's through the midwicket fielder, Watson there! It was a fuller delivery and the batsman flicked it powerfully for a couple of runs to the deep;
32.5;?;McKay to Angelo Mathews, no run back of length delivery on off, the batsman goes back and defends it solidly;
32.4;?;McKay to Angelo Mathews, no run he comes forward and drives the length delivery on the up, but straight to mid off;
32.3;?;McKay to Angelo Mathews, no run he comes down the pitch and defends the back of length delivery to cover;
32.2;?;McKay to Angelo Mathews, no run another back of length delivery just outside off, the batsman defends it off the back foot this time;
32.1;?;McKay to Angelo Mathews, no run bowls a back of length delivery outside off, with a grunt, the batsman defends it from the crease;
31.6;?;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, no run nasty short delivery from round the wicket, hits the batsman on his wrists as he tries to whip it to the leg side.. Serious pace there;
31.5;4;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs back of length delivery outside off, Mahela just bends those knees and creams it through point.. No chance for anyone..;
31.4;1;Johnson to Angelo Mathews, 1 run another short delivery, but this one is down the leg side and Angelo pulls it fine on the leg side for a single;
31.3;W;Johnson to Thirimanne, OUT short delivery outside off and he has pulled it straight to the fielder at midwicket. He was done in by the pace, 143 kph on that one, and was not in control of that shot. Also, that didn't bounce as high as anyone would have expected it to, Thiri took it just below chest high. A big breakthrough although;Lahiru Thirimanne c Watson b Johnson 57 (105m 86b 4x4 0x6) SR: 66.27;
31.2;?;Johnson to Thirimanne, no run another one aimed at the toes, Thiri jams it out to mid-on this time;
31.1;?;Johnson to Thirimanne, no run here comes the yorker first up! Aimed at the toes, but Thiri does well to block it out;
30.6;?;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, no run fuller and quicker on off stump, the batsman drives it back to the bowler;
30.5;?;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, no run shorter and flatter on off, the batsman waits and pushes it to point;
30.4;1;Doherty to Thirimanne, 1 run this time he gets a single with a push to long on;
30.3;?;Doherty to Thirimanne, no run he comes down the pitch and inside edges the intended drive on to his pads;
30.2;1;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run another inside-out chip shot from Mahela, precise, very precise. It's over the cover fielder, but short of dep extra cover;
30.1;1;Doherty to Thirimanne, 1 run flatter and turning in from outside off, the batsman pushes it to the gap at cover off the back foot;
29.6;?;Maxwell to Mahela Jayawardene, no run tossed up and full outside off, the batsman comes forward and pushes it to midwicket;
29.5;1;Maxwell to Thirimanne, 1 run he comes down the track and pushes the tossed up delivery to long off;
29.4;1;Maxwell to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run slower and on off stump this time, the batsman dabs it to the right of midwicket for a quick single;
29.3;4;Maxwell to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs a reverse-sweep this time, McKay can watch it go past him this time as this one was few meters away from him this time;
29.2;4;Maxwell to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs it's fired on the leg stump, but Mahela is quick to latch on to that, he goes down on his knee and powerfully paddles it past that leg slip fielder;
29.1;1;Maxwell to Thirimanne, 1 run quicker and on a length outside off, the batsman pushes it past point for a single;
28.6;?;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, no run pushed through on the stumps, the batsman defends it to the leg side;
28.5;?;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, no run still slower, this time outside off though, the batsman chops it to backward point;
28.4;?;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, no run slower and shorter, but on the off stump line, the batsman takes a forward stride and defends;
28.3;?;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, no run pushed through on the off stump line, defended back to the bowler;
28.2;1lb;Doherty to Thirimanne, 1 leg bye flatter and shorter, but it spins in to the batsman, hits the thigh pads and rolls towards short third man;
28.1;?;Doherty to Thirimanne, no run comes out of the crease to smash it over the sight screen, but he gets an inside edge as the ball turns in to him;
27.6;?;Maxwell to Mahela Jayawardene, no run he comes down the pitch, but Big Show adjusts his length to a shorter one. Mahela defends it to midwicket;
27.5;?;Maxwell to Mahela Jayawardene, no run tossed up delivery on off, the batsman comes forward and drives it back to the bowler;
27.4;1;Maxwell to Thirimanne, 1 run quicker delivery on off, the batsman goes back and punches it through point for a single;
27.3;?;Maxwell to Thirimanne, no run he comes down the pitch and defends as the length is on the shorter side;
27.2;1;Maxwell to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run reverse sweep from Mahela that almost looked like heading to the boundary, but McKay dives at short third man to prevent the boundary;
27.1;1;Maxwell to Thirimanne, 1 run he dabs it to square leg for an easy single;
26.6;?;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, no run tossed up delivery on the middle, the batsman drives it back to the bowler;
26.5;1;Doherty to Thirimanne, 1 run he comes down the pitch and pushes it to mid-on for a single;
26.4;3;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, 3 runs shorter this time, Mahela is not the one to miss out on these, he waits and opens the face of the bat to run it through gully;
26.3;?;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, no run he waits on the back foot and defends it to midwicket;
26.2;?;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, no run flatter delivery outside off, the batsman comes forward and pushes it point;
26.1;1;Doherty to Thirimanne, 1 run he brings up his fifty with a front-foot nudge to deep point;
25.6;1;Maxwell to Thirimanne, 1 run fuller length, allows the batsman to drive it to deep cover;
25.5;?;Maxwell to Thirimanne, no run he comes forward and defends it to off;
25.4;1;Maxwell to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run he pushes it softly to square leg for a quick single, but a direct hit from the fielder at midwicket would have made that interesting;
25.3;1;Maxwell to Thirimanne, 1 run he nudges this one to backward square leg for a single;
25.2;2;Maxwell to Thirimanne, 2 runs oh he is lucky here! He tried a similar inside out shout as Mahela's in the last over, but he got too much height on it..Lucky for him it landed wide of long off;
25.1;1;Maxwell to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run tossed up delivery on off, the batsman comes forward and works it past midwicket for a single;
24.6;?;Doherty to Thirimanne, no run almost a return catch! The bowler shortened the length as he saw the batsman advancing and Thiri punched it almost all the way to Doherty.;
24.5;1;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run flatter delivery on the pads, the batsman nudges it towards square leg for a single;
24.4;?;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, no run flatter and shorter on off, the batsman opens the face to place it to backward point;
24.3;2;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, 2 runs he makes room and stylishly chips it over the cover fielder for a couple;
24.2;?;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, no run quicker delivery on the stumps, Mahela comes forward and defends;
24.1;1;Doherty to Thirimanne, 1 run flatter delivery on off stump line, the batsman waits and dabs it to the gap at cover for a quick single;
23.6;?;Maxwell to Mahela Jayawardene, no run pushed through on off and middle, the batsman defends. The keeper calls it a "gorgeous length";
23.5;1;Maxwell to Thirimanne, 1 run tossed up on off stump line, the batsman pushes it to deep cover for a single;
23.4;1;Maxwell to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run he comes forward and gets and inside edge past that leg slip fielder for a single;
23.3;?;Maxwell to Mahela Jayawardene, no run tossed up delivery on the middle stump line, the batsman defends it off the front foot;
23.2;1;Maxwell to Thirimanne, 1 run flatter delivery, the batsman pushes it to the gap at cover point for a single;
23.1;?;Maxwell to Thirimanne, no run comes down the pitch and pushes the flighted delivery to midwicket;
22.6;?;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, no run quicker delivery on the stumps, the batsman comes forward and pushes it back to the bowler;
22.5;?;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, no run flat and full on off, the batsman comes forward and drives it to cover;
22.4;?;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, no run tossed up and slower this time, the batsman defends it down the pitch;
22.3;?;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, no run fired in flat on the middle stump line, the batsman defends it off the front foot;
22.2;W;Doherty to Dilshan, OUT caught at slip! What a catch by Watson, diving to his right, he picked this one low and one-handed! Doherty has been bowling well to Dilshan, he floats this one on the middle and leg line and gets it to turn just a touch, enough to beat batsman's whippy drive to the on side. Dilshan got a leading edge and Watson did the rest completing an excellent catch;Tillakaratne Dilshan c Watson b Doherty 34 (93m 58b 1x4 0x6) SR: 58.62;
22.1;1;Doherty to Thirimanne, 1 run he comes down the track and drives it to long on for an easy single;
21.6;?;Maxwell to Dilshan, no run tossed up delivery on the middle and leg line, driven straight to midwicket;
21.5;1;Maxwell to Thirimanne, 1 run;
21.4;?;Maxwell to Thirimanne, no run he placed it towards midwicket, but Maxwell ran to the ball quickly and fired a throw towards non-striker's because Dilshan had run a few paces down.. No damage done;
21.3;?;Maxwell to Thirimanne, no run he comes down the pitch and drives the flighted delivery, but straight to mid-on;
21.2;1;Maxwell to Dilshan, 1 run he comes forward and pushes it towards cover with soft hands and calls for a quick single;
21.1;1;Maxwell to Thirimanne, 1 run tossed up and slow outside off, the batsman defends it to off;
20.6;?;Doherty to Dilshan, no run tossed up and slower, it drifts in to the batsman, who drives it back to the bowler;
20.5;1;Doherty to Thirimanne, 1 run he fires this flat outside off, the batsman comes forward and pushes it to deep cover;
20.4;?;Doherty to Thirimanne, no run slower and on off stump line, defended off the back foot;
20.3;?;Doherty to Thirimanne, no run he takes a couple of steps forward, but the ball is fired full outside off, it's dug out towards mid off;
20.2;1;Doherty to Dilshan, 1 run pushed through on the pads, the batsman turns it to square leg for a single;
20.1;?;Doherty to Dilshan, no run nicely bowled again! Tossed up and slower outside off, Dilshan is beaten as he tries to wristily push it through off;
19.6;?;Marsh to Thirimanne, no run he comes forward and drives this fuller delivery down to mid-off;
19.5;4;Marsh to Thirimanne, FOUR runs he comes down the pitch this time and makes room as well, drives the length delivery over the cover fielder and finds the boundary easily.;
19.4;?;Marsh to Thirimanne, no run back of length delivery outside off, the batsman defends it towards point;
19.3;?;Marsh to Thirimanne, no run slower delivery this time, it's full and on off stump line, the batsman pushes it to mid-off;
19.2;2;Marsh to Thirimanne, 2 runs similar delivery, but this time he drives it on the up through extra cover beautifully for a couple;
19.1;4;Marsh to Thirimanne, FOUR runs fuller length delivery wide outside off, the batsman goes for a forceful drive but gets a thick outside edge. There is no slip and it runs to the boundary;
18.6;1;Doherty to Thirimanne, 1 run pushes it through on off, the batsman dabs it to cover for a single;
18.5;1;Doherty to Dilshan, 1 run tossed up, slower and on a length, the batsman waits and then pushes it to the left of cover for a quick single;
18.4;?;Doherty to Dilshan, no run flatter and quicker on off, the batsman comes forward and drives it back to the bowler;
18.3;?;Doherty to Dilshan, no run now he fires this one on the pads. Dilshan is unlucky to miss this sweep;
18.2;?;Doherty to Dilshan, no run beautiful delivery, tossed up and it spun a bit to beat the batsman's intended drive;
18.1;1;Doherty to Thirimanne, 1 run tossed up delivery outside off, the batsman works it to backward square leg with the turn;
17.6;?;Marsh to Dilshan, no run fullish delivery on the off stump, the batsman comes forward and drives it to mid-on;
17.5;1;Marsh to Thirimanne, 1 run full and wide outside off, the batsman stretches and guides it to third man for a single;
17.4;?;Marsh to Thirimanne, no run full delivery outside off, the batsman comes forward and drives it straight to cover;
17.3;1;Marsh to Dilshan, 1 run he goes full this time, but the direction is all wrong. it's on the pads and it's flicked to fine leg with ease;
17.2;?;Marsh to Dilshan, no run fuller length delivery on the middle, the batsman drives it straight to the deepish mid on fielder;
17.1;?;Marsh to Dilshan, no run starts off with a short of length delivery outside off, the batsman whacks it off the back foot, but straight to point;
16.6;1;Doherty to Dilshan, 1 run quicker and shorter outside off, the batsman waits on the back foot and punches it through point;
16.5;?;Doherty to Dilshan, no run tossed up and on the pads, the batsman comes forward and tries to work it away to leg side, gets hit on the pads though;
16.4;2;Doherty to Dilshan, 2 runs slower and flighted, drifts in from round the wicket, the batsman gets an outside edge through point as he tries to drive it;
16.3;?;Doherty to Dilshan, no run tossed up delivery on off, the batsman comes forward and drives it straight to cover;
16.2;1;Doherty to Thirimanne, 1 run flatter delivery, turns in after pitching, the batsman works it away to backward square leg;
16.1;?;Doherty to Thirimanne, no run he pushes it full and wide outside off and it goes past the outside edge as the batsman pushes inside the line, muted appeal by the keeper;
15.6;?;Watson to Dilshan, no run another length ball comes in after pitching, the batsman defends it towards the leg side this time;
15.5;1;Watson to Thirimanne, 1 run full and wide outside off, the batsman drives it to cover and takes off for a single. Faulkner fires a throw in, but Thiri makes it well in time;
15.4;1;Watson to Dilshan, 1 run length delivery that comes in after hitting the deck, the batsman was shaping for a backfoot punch through cover, but adjust well to chop it towards backward point;
15.3;1;Watson to Thirimanne, 1 run back of length delivery that doesn't bounce much, the batsman goes on the back foot and whips it to deep square leg for a single;
15.2;?;Watson to Thirimanne, no run he comes forward and solidly defends the length delivery back to the bowler;
15.1;1;Watson to Dilshan, 1 run back of length delivery on the pads, easily clipped away to fine leg for a single;
14.6;1;Doherty to Dilshan, 1 run short and on off stump line, the batsman goes on the back foot and punches it hard to deep cover;
14.5;1;Doherty to Thirimanne, 1 run flighted delivery outside off, the batsman comes forward and drives it to long on for an easy single;
14.4;2;Doherty to Thirimanne, 2 runs tossed up and slower, the batsman comes forward and clips it fine on the leg side with the ball turning in;
14.3;?;Doherty to Thirimanne, no run comes from over the wicket and pushes it through outside off, there is some turn on offer too. The batsman gets hit on the pads, but outside the line of off;
14.2;1;Doherty to Dilshan, 1 run slower this time, outside off, the batsman comes forward and drives it hard to deep extra cover;
14.1;?;Doherty to Dilshan, no run fires one in on the pads, the batsman drives it cover;
13.6;2;Watson to Thirimanne, 2 runs short delivery, Thirimanne takes it on this time and pulls it all along the ground to deep backward square leg;
13.5;?;Watson to Thirimanne, no run he comes on the front foot and drives the length ball stylishly to off, but straight to extra cover;
13.4;?;Watson to Thirimanne, no run length delivery just outside off, a touch slower though, the batsman comes forward and pushes it to cover;
13.3;?;Watson to Thirimanne, no run he keeps it tight round about the off stump line, the batsman has no choice but to defend it back to the bowler;
13.2;?;Watson to Thirimanne, no run back of length delivery outside off, the batsman gets up on his toes and defends it to cover;
13.1;1;Watson to Dilshan, 1 run length delivery on the middle stump line, Dilshan clips it to deep midwicket off the back foot and thinks about a second, but is rightly sent back;
12.6;?;Faulkner to Thirimanne, no run length delivery outside off, the batsman comes forward and drives it to mid-off;
12.5;1;Faulkner to Dilshan, 1 run length delivery on the middle, Dilshan comes forward and works it away to deep midwicket for a single;
12.4;1;Faulkner to Thirimanne, 1 run back of length delivery on the body, the batsman tucks it to fine leg for a single;
12.3;1;Faulkner to Dilshan, 1 run fuller this time, and Dilshan calls for a single as soon as he punches it towards mid-off. Voges dives across and stops the ball, but had he done it cleanly, it would have surely caused some confusion;
12.2;?;Faulkner to Dilshan, no run beautiful delivery! This was on a length, bowled with a scrambled seam and it just evades the outside edge as Dilshan comes forward to drive it;
12.1;?;Faulkner to Dilshan, no run back of length delivery on off, the batsman comes forward and defends it to cover point;
11.6;?;Watson to Thirimanne, no run short delivery this time to test the batsman, but Thiri watches that early and ducks under it easily;
11.5;1;Watson to Dilshan, 1 run length ball angling in on to the pads, the batsman clips it to fine leg for a single;
11.4;?;Watson to Dilshan, no run fuller length delivery on off, the batsman belatedly comes forward and pushes it to mid on;
11.3;1;Watson to Thirimanne, 1 run back of length delivery on off, Thiri works it off the back foot towards midwicket for an easy single;
11.2;1;Watson to Dilshan, 1 run back of length delivery on the pads, the batsman easily whips to fine leg to bring up Sri Lanka's fifty;
11.1;?;Watson to Dilshan, no run back of length delivery honing in on off stump, the batsman punches it to cover off the back foot;
10.6;?;Faulkner to Thirimanne, no run length delivery at a slower pace outside off, the batsman defends it towards off;
10.5;4;Faulkner to Thirimanne, FOUR runs he draws an outside edge this time with a length delivery outside off, but there is no slip in place and this one runs down to the boundary too;
10.4;4;Faulkner to Thirimanne, FOUR runs beautifully hit through midwicket! He shuffled across and whipped the length delivery through the gap just like Sanga would have..;
10.3;1;Faulkner to Dilshan, 1 run slightly short on off stump, and at that pace, the batsman slaps it easily to deep midwicket;
10.2;?;Faulkner to Dilshan, no run back of length delivery on off, bounces a touch extra, Dilshan goes on the back foot and defends it to point;
10.1;?;Faulkner to Dilshan, no run length delivery on off, the batsman comes forward and pushes it to cover;
9.6;1;Watson to Dilshan, 1 run he pushes this one softly to midwicket again for an easy single;
9.5;2;Watson to Dilshan, 2 runs length delivery on the middle stump line, Dilshan goes on the back foot and punches it through the gap at midwicket for a couple of runs;
9.4;?;Watson to Dilshan, no run he goes on the back foot to this length delivery and punches it straight to the cover fielder;
9.3;1;Watson to Thirimanne, 1 run nice cracked off the back foot but straight to third man. There wasn't much room to play the cut shot there;
9.2;?;Watson to Thirimanne, no run he stays on the back foot and defends the length delivery towards off side;
9.1;?;Watson to Thirimanne, no run he bowls a short of length delivery just outside off and immediately the batsman goes on the back foot to play a punch, but he plays it straight to point;
8.6;?;Faulkner to Dilshan, no run length delivery just outside off, moves a touch away after pitching and Dilshan was beaten as he played inside the line;
8.5;?;Faulkner to Dilshan, no run length delivery just outside off, Dilshan comes forward and punches it to mid off;
8.4;1;Faulkner to Thirimanne, 1 run back of length delivery, the batsman dabs it to the left of square leg and calls for a quick single. Dilshan dives in to make his ground, but the fielder missed the stumps;
8.3;1;Faulkner to Dilshan, 1 run length delivery on the pads, the batsman works it to deep square leg for a single;
8.2;?;Faulkner to Dilshan, no run short of length delivery on off stump and Dilshan tries to pull it over midwicket, but gets an inside edge on to his body;
8.1;?;Faulkner to Dilshan, no run he bowls back of length on off stump, the batsman defends it off the back foot;
7.6;?;McKay to Thirimanne, no run bowls a teasing line just outside off, the batsman comes forward and then lets it go through;
7.5;?;McKay to Thirimanne, no run he goes for yorker just outside off, but it's a half-volley and is driven hard straight to mid-off;
7.4;?;McKay to Thirimanne, no run more solid front foot defence from the batsman, he plays the length delivery towards cover;
7.3;?;McKay to Thirimanne, no run length delivery on off stump, the batsman comes forward and defends it to off;
7.2;3;McKay to Dilshan, 3 runs this time it's on Dilshan's pads and he easily flicks it past square leg for a couple of runs;
7.1;1;McKay to Thirimanne, 1 run he bowls a length delivery, but this one is on the pads, easily flicked away to fine leg for a single;
6.6;?;Johnson to Dilshan, no run he goes very full just outside off, Dilshan tries to drive it, but manages to just block it out to cover;
6.5;1;Johnson to Thirimanne, 1 run length delivery just outside off, 144.6 kph, this time the batsman just pushes it past backward point down to third man for a single;
6.4;?;Johnson to Thirimanne, no run he goes slightly wide of the crease and bowls a fuller delivery just wide outside off, 145 kph, Thiri comes forward to play a forceful drive but plays inside the line. Excellent delivery;
6.3;?;Johnson to Thirimanne, no run he bowls a back of length delivery on off stump, the batsman defends off the back foot;
6.2;1;Johnson to Dilshan, 1 run he comes forward to drive seeing the fuller length, but it was a slower one - 132 kph - and Dilshan gets a thick outside edge to third man for a single;
6.1;?;Johnson to Dilshan, no run back of length delivery on the off stump, the batsman comes forward and defends it back to the bowler;
5.6;?;McKay to Thirimanne, no run he bowls it full and outside off, the batsman comes forward and drives it to mid-off;
5.5;?;McKay to Thirimanne, no run fuller length delivery on the middle stump line, the batsman tries to work it away to the leg side, but gets an inside edge on to his pads;
5.4;2;McKay to Thirimanne, 2 runs back of length delivery on off stump, the batsman waits and tucks it to deep backward square leg for a couple;
5.3;?;McKay to Thirimanne, no run he takes a forward step and drives the fuller delivery, but straight to the man at cover;
5.2;?;McKay to Thirimanne, no run fuller delivery angled across the batsman, Thirimanne comes forward then lets it go through;
5.1;?;McKay to Thirimanne, no run he bowls a full delivery on the pads, the batsman comes forward and punches it back to the bowler;
4.6;1;Johnson to Thirimanne, 1 run fuller delivery on the pads, clipped fine on the leg side for a single;
4.5;4b;Johnson to Thirimanne, 4 byes short of length outside off, 146 kph, nasty delivery actually as it quickly rose on to the batsman, and it kept rising after Thiri got out of the way and went over the keeper's head;
4.4;1;Johnson to Dilshan, 1 run back of length delivery on the leg stump line, the batsman whips it off his hips to fine leg for a single;
4.3;?;Johnson to Dilshan, no run wider this time, keeps it full again and Dilshan has had enough of defending, he goes for an on the up drive and is beaten;
4.2;?;Johnson to Dilshan, no run length delivery just outside off, the batsman comes forward again and pushes inside the line. the ball goes through to the keeper;
4.1;?;Johnson to Dilshan, no run fuller length delivery on off stump, 145 kph, Dilshan takes a forward stride and defends it back to the bowler;
3.6;?;McKay to Thirimanne, no run back of length delivery on off, the batsman defends it back to the bowler;
3.5;?;McKay to Thirimanne, no run it's full and it's just wide outside off, going away with the angle, Thirimanne covers the line of the stumps and lets this one go through;
3.4;?;McKay to Thirimanne, no run length delivery on off stump, the batsman gets right behind it and defends it down the pitch;
3.3;?;McKay to Thirimanne, no run he gets a yorker first up, but he does well to bring his bat down in time;
3.2;W;McKay to Sangakkara, OUT big big wicket this is! Sanga has driven a full and wide delivery straight into the hands of point. It's his bread and butter shot, and he would have backed himself to clear that fielder, but he didn't get much elevation as the fielder takes it just over his head;Kumar Sangakkara c Maxwell b McKay 3 (13m 11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 27.27;
3.1;?;McKay to Sangakkara, no run he keeps leaving these angled deliveries by bringing his bat down, then taking it away from the line of the ball. Looks like he is getting beaten, but he is not;
2.6;?;Johnson to Dilshan, no run goes fuller around off and middle line, but doesn't get that inswing. Dilshan drives it to straight to midwicket;
2.5;?;Johnson to Dilshan, no run length delivery going across the right-hander, left alone by Dilshan;
2.4;1;Johnson to Sangakkara, 1 run oh that could have been close at the non-striker's end! Would have been out! Sanga drove it to the left of mid-on and set off immediately, but he would have been short by some distance had Doherty hit the stumps;
2.3;?;Johnson to Sangakkara, no run length delivery outside off, swinging a touch away. Sanga waits in the crease and opens the face to run it to point;
2.2;?;Johnson to Sangakkara, no run short of length delivery just outside off, the batsman drops his wrists and lets this one go through;
2.1;1;Johnson to Dilshan, 1 run back of length delivery on the middle stump, the batsman drops it in front towards off side and calls for a quick single;
1.6;3;McKay to Dilshan, 3 runs and through that same gap again, this time off a short of length delivery just outside off. The batsman went to the back foot and punched it in the gap. The fielder from third man runs around to cut off the boundary;
1.5;4;McKay to Dilshan, FOUR runs he tests Dilshan with a full and wide delivery but the batsman is an expert in dealing with these, drives it hard through cover point for a four;
1.4;1;McKay to Sangakkara, 1 run length delivery on the middle stump, the batsman tucks it to fine leg for a single;
1.3;?;McKay to Sangakkara, no run he leaves this one alone, in a strange manner though. Goes forward to play at it, but then takes the bat away from the line of the ball;
1.2;?;McKay to Sangakkara, no run he beats the bat with a length delivery that goes away with the angle. Sanga plays inside the line;
1.1;?;McKay to Sangakkara, no run pushes it fuller and on the middle stump line, Sanga gets solidly behind that and defends it back to the bowler;
1.1;1w;McKay to Sangakkara, 1 wide he bowls a length delivery that swings down the leg side, called a wide;
0.6;?;Johnson to Dilshan, no run length delivery on the pads, he fails to get bat on that. It hits the pads and rolls towards square leg;
0.5;1;Johnson to Sangakkara, 1 run short of length delivery on the middle stump, the batsman goes on the back foot and tucks it to fine leg for a single;
0.4;?;Johnson to Sangakkara, no run short delivery outside off, the batsman gets up on his toes and taps it straight to point;
0.3;W;Johnson to Perera, OUT another length ball on the leg stump, it hits the batsman as he is shuffling to play it towards the leg side, he gets hit in front of the leg stump, under the knee roll. The umpire takes some time and then raises his finger. KJP walks up to Dilshan to ask how that looked, but after a lengthy discussion, he is on his way.;Kusal Perera lbw b Johnson 4 (2m 3b 1x4 0x6) SR: 133.33;
0.2;4lb;Johnson to Perera, 4 leg byes now he slips a fuller length delivery down the leg side and all KJP has to do is to get some bat on it. He doesn't get any bat, but gets some pad on that and the ball runs down fine;
0.1;4;Johnson to Perera, FOUR runs gets a gift first ball. It was short and wide and rising, and KJP slaps it over point with some ferocity;

1.00 pm Here we go then, the batsmen are walking towards the middle - Dilshan and KJP. Mitchell Johnson to start. Two slips in place
Vaibhav: "Any update on which colour the sky is right now? I guess no news is good news?!? An excellent addition to the game-page-view would be to add a live camera feed facing upwards to not incumber any match telecast rights...but to show weather and may be an audio background noise from the stadium :-D Legally speaking I do not see any issues with it so long as it isnt live commentary or video feed :-D" --- It's not raining Vaibhav. All good to go
Max Weber has already given up on this tournament. He asks, "Any other Australians glad that Michael Clarke isn't playing today? Just stay fit for the Ashes, Pup, and leave the improbable wild goose chases to the likes of Maxwell."
Eddiebhai Oza: "I got no dog in this hunt, but if SL win then please let them win big and top the group. Who wants to see yet another Ind/SL game!? ;-)"
Mark: "I'm a Kiwi fan but, on form so far, Sri Lanka deserve to go through. They lost a very close game and won their other one comfortably. Australia have been substandard as has NZ's batting (only 3 averaged more than 15!). The shame for NZ is their bowling has generally been very good and they have the highest wicket-taker in the competition. Their senior batsmen have let them down."
12.30 pm Australia have won the toss and they will field. There are no changes in their squad. Sri Lanka would have batted first anyway, says Angelo Mathews. They are also going in with an unchanged squad.
So let's repeat the situation one more time -

If Australia bowl out Sri Lanka to 200, they will need to chase it down in 27.1 overs. However, if Sri Lanka score 150, Australia will go through if they can overhaul the target in about 24 overs. The smaller the target, the easier it gets for Australia.Sri Lanka on the other hand, just need to win.

12.10 pm Michael Clarke said yesterday that he was hopeful of playing today, but he has been ruled out of this game. It's a must-win game for both teams and even New Zealand will keep their eyes firmly affixed to the result - they need Australia to win, but not by a huge margin. Welcome to our coverage of this crucial final league stage game from the Oval. Rain is in the air today as well, but it's not going to threaten the game.
Vinay Patel: "As a Kiwi, it feels strange to be supporting the Aussies for once. Doubly so when they are considered the underdogs."
So here is the scenario -

Sri Lanka, who more often than not make it to the knockouts in ICC tournaments, just need a win; if they win big - that is, by about 90 runs in a full 50-over game - they can better England's net run rate and finish top of the group. Australia, who have looked a shadow of their usual selves, need to win by about 125 runs to lift their NRR above that of New Zealand and knock them out. If they bat second and Sri Lanka score 200, Australia will need to chase the target down in about 27 overs. New Zealand, who looked good to make it to the next round till a day ago, need Australia to win but not absolutely thump Sri Lanka. The London weather may interrupt the match but is expected to hold better than in Cardiff or Edgbaston.

Justin: "I guess the aussies will want to chase and know the equation rather than rely on bowling a side side out for next to nothing.... I bet we lose the toss and will bat first though."
 Innings Start
This tournament keeps throwing up super matches and although this one was one-sided for most parts, it did come alive during the last hour. Thanks for your comments and feedback, this is Devashish Fuloria signing off. Ciao ciao.
Presentation
"It would have been nice to get over the line in the end, " says George Bailey. "Our goal was to do it in the 29 overs, but we never got going. There was no value in the result as such, semis was our main aim. Michael Clarke is still improving and there is still a big series ahead. There are plenty of positives around and it was good to see the last two fight it out."
"We knew it was going to be tough, defending 253," says Angelo Mathews. "Thirimanne and Jayawardene batted well to get us to that score. I have never seen a crowd like this in the Oval before, and it was good to have the support. Our first target was the semis. Will enjoy tonight and see how it goes after that."
Mahela Jayawardene is the Man of the Match: "It felt really good (to get to 11000), but winning this was the icing on the cake. We are playing hard and passionate cricket, but we need to enjoy the cricket. That has been the mantra of our success in the past and hope it continues in the future. Seniors have a responsibility and it is our job to help Angi out, that makes us a happy camp. We are looking forward to another tough match in the semi-final."



Sri Lankan supporters have found their voice after being put to an agonising wait by the last Australian pair. You wonder how crucial those wickets would have been now - Voges, Wade.. all throwing it away. The batting looked easy while the last pair were there. But Sri Lanka did well to hang in there. Kulasekara was amazing at the start of the innings, but there was no doubt the team was feeling the pinch towards the end as all of us were too. In the end it took a moment of brilliance by Dilshan to settle the nerves. Sri Lanka are now headed to Cardiff to play India in the semi-final, New Zealand and Australia are out.
BJ: "As a Kiwi, obviously I'm upset that it didn't finish in our favour. As a cricket fan though, that was highly entertaining and at the end of the day the right team (imo) has made it to the semis. Well done Sri Lanka."
Vijay: "Air New Zealand NZ253 taking off from Gate 20... players to board in 10 minutes"
Tharindu: "Its like all that delay made the stage for that great moment, that superb catch of Dilshan..."
Night Watcher: "And who says ODI cricket has lost it's edge...Good for Sri Lanka!!! Even better for Cricket!!!"
Jono: "Sorry Kiwi's, dont hold it against us in the Bledisloe"
42.3;W;Dilshan to McKay, OUT he catches it this time! Absolute blinder by Dilshan to set off wild celebrations on the ground. The crowd has found its voice! It was another flatter delivery, shorter too and the batsman punched it back.. Dilshan was moving to his right, but the ball was hit to his left at a comfortable height, but he quickly changed direction and plucked it out from nowhere, it was drifting away from him all the time.. Special catch to finally end Australia's resistance;Clint McKay c & b Dilshan 30 (72m 58b 2x4 0x6) SR: 51.72;
42.2;?;Dilshan to McKay, no run he drove it almost back to the bowler! Almost.. just a metre ahead of him.. Dilshan smiles..;
42.1;1;Dilshan to Doherty, 1 run full and flighted on off, Doherty drives that to long off for a single;
41.6;?;Kulasekara to McKay, no run length delivery on off, the batsman comes solidly behind it to push it back to the bowler;
41.5;1;Kulasekara to Doherty, 1 run fuller delivery, it is pushed to mid-on and they take off for a single, Thirimanne fires in a throw and hits the stumps direct at non-strikers end but Doherty looked alright.. Slid his bat along..;
41.4;1;Kulasekara to McKay, 1 run he bowls a good slower delivery on the middle stump, but this is again easily dealt with, pushed to long on for a single;
41.3;?;Kulasekara to McKay, no run length delivery on off, the batsman takes a forward step and pushes it to cover;
41.2;?;Kulasekara to McKay, no run he goes full on off stump, McKay digs it out easily to mid on;
41.1;?;Kulasekara to McKay, no run length delivery just outside off, defended towards point;
40.6;?;Dilshan to Doherty, no run now he goes back into the shell again, defends solidly;
40.5;2;Dilshan to Doherty, 2 runs that was the ball and that broke Doherty's concentration! Tossed up and slow, the batsman went for a booming drive, got an outside edge past slip.. Very lucky.. very very lucky;
40.4;1;Dilshan to McKay, 1 run on the pads, McKay goes back and nudges it to deep square leg for a single;
40.3;?;Dilshan to McKay, no run flatter delivery on a length, McKay pushes it to the off side, but no run;
40.2;1;Dilshan to Doherty, 1 run flatter delivery outside off, he waits in the crease and punches it to deep cover for a single;
40.1;?;Dilshan to Doherty, no run solid forward defence by Doherty, a slip is waiting for a catch;
39.6;?;Kulasekara to McKay, no run length delivery on off, McKay wristily drives it to midwicket;
39.5;?;Kulasekara to McKay, no run length delivery outside off, the batsman stays in the crease and punches it to point..;
39.5;1w;Kulasekara to McKay, 1 wide he bowls a short delivery, bounces well over the batsman and it's another run...;
39.4;?;Kulasekara to McKay, no run length delivery outside off, the batsman comes forward and pushes it to cover;
39.3;?;Kulasekara to McKay, no run length delivery on the pads, the batsman defends it to the leg side this time;
39.2;?;Kulasekara to McKay, no run he bowls a good yorker on off stump, but McKay, without any pressure here, digs it out like a top-order batsman;
39.1;?;Kulasekara to McKay, no run he bowls it on back of length, McKay defends it easily to the off side;
38.6;?;Dilshan to Doherty, no run there is some turn for Dilshan, but the batsman softly plays it towards short third man;
38.5;1;Dilshan to McKay, 1 run fuller delivery on the pads, it is easily nudged to deep square leg for a single;
38.4;1;Dilshan to Doherty, 1 run pushed through just outside off, Doherty pushes it in the gap at cover for a single;
38.3;?;Dilshan to Doherty, no run pushed through on the middle stump line, more solid defence from Doherty;
38.2;?;Dilshan to Doherty, no run now he comes forward and solidly defends it to off;
38.1;?;Dilshan to Doherty, no run tossed up full on the leg stump, the batsman digs it out;
37.6;1;Eranga to Doherty, 1 run slower and fuller, he pushes it to mid-off for a single and it could have been tight if the fielder had not fumbled it...;
37.5;?;Eranga to Doherty, no run short delivery, the batsman gets down on his knees to avoid that as it didn't get too high;
37.4;1;Eranga to McKay, 1 run length delivery on off, McKay pushes it softly to mid-off and runs for an easy single. There was a wild throw from Malinga and could have been an overthrow had the midwicket fielder not dived to stop that;
37.3;1;Eranga to Doherty, 1 run bowls a full delivery on the pads, the batsman flicks it in the air towards fine leg for an easy single;
37.2;?;Eranga to Doherty, no run back of length delivery on off, Doherty defends it off the back foot;
37.1;?;Eranga to Doherty, no run he tries to push the length delivery to off, but chops it very close to the stumps..All safe in the end;
36.6;2;Dilshan to McKay, 2 runs pushed through outside off, the batsman gets an outside edge for a couple..Sanga appeals, Dilshan joins him later... Appeal? Seriously? for an outside edge?;
36.5;1;Dilshan to Doherty, 1 run full and flighted on the middle, the batsman eases it to long on for a single;
36.4;?;Dilshan to Doherty, no run pushed through outside off from round the wicket, Doherty defends;
36.3;1;Dilshan to McKay, 1 run pushed through on the middle stump line, the batsman tucks it to midwicket for a single;
36.2;?;Dilshan to McKay, no run full and flighted, driven back to the bowler;
36.1;?;Dilshan to McKay, no run tossed up delivery on off, the batsman pushes it back to the right of the bowler;
35.6;?;Eranga to Doherty, no run another length ball, more resolute defence from Doherty;
35.5;?;Eranga to Doherty, no run bowls a slower yorker on leg stump, the batsman was shuffling across, but digs it out somehow;
35.4;?;Eranga to Doherty, no run fuller delivery outside off, the batsman comes forward and drives it to mid off;
35.3;?;Eranga to Doherty, no run another back of length delivery on off, the batsman defends it solidly to the off side;
35.2;?;Eranga to Doherty, no run back of length delivery on off, doesn't bounce that much, the batsman defends it off the back foot;
35.1;?;Eranga to Doherty, no run he bowls it full outside off, the batsman comes forward and pushes it to mid-off;
34.6;4;Herath to McKay, FOUR runs the bowler gives it some air, the batsman gives it more air by smashing it to the cow corner for a one bounce four;
34.5;?;Herath to McKay, no run he comes forward and defends the flatter delivery to the off;
34.4;2;Herath to McKay, 2 runs full and on the leg stump, the batsman tries to drive it to midwicket but gets an inside edge fine on the leg side;
34.3;1;Herath to Doherty, 1 run tossed up and full on off, the batsman drives it to long-on for a single;
34.2;1;Herath to McKay, 1 run another one that is slow and slightly short, the batsman goes back and punches it to long on;
34.1;2;Herath to McKay, 2 runs he bowls it slow and short, it allows the batsman to go back and punch it past midwicket for a single;
33.6;1;Malinga to McKay, 1 run menacing yorker aimed at the boot, McKay digs this out to backward square leg with ease too;
33.5;4;Malinga to McKay, FOUR runs oh that is a shot that would have done a lot of players proud. It was a length delivery and McKay so calmly drives it over mid-off, sheer timing in that one;
33.4;?;Malinga to McKay, no run another short ball outside off, this time McKay sways away from the line;
33.3;?;Malinga to McKay, no run bowls a sharp bouncer this time, but it's outside off and the batsman safely stays out of the way;
33.2;1;Malinga to Doherty, 1 run bowls a good yorker on off stump, but Doherty squeezes it out towards point;
33.1;?;Malinga to Doherty, no run bowls it short, but it's not that quick. Doherty easily gets behind that in defence;
32.6;?;Herath to McKay, no run bowls the slider on off stump, the batsman defends it easily off the back foot;
32.5;1;Herath to Doherty, 1 run he bowls a quicker one on the middle stump line and the batsman does well to tuck it to backward square leg off the back foot;
32.4;?;Herath to Doherty, no run again, takes a forward step and defends it to the leg side;
32.3;?;Herath to Doherty, no run now he takes a forward stride and defends the flighted delivery;
32.2;?;Herath to Doherty, no run tossed up outside off, the batsman drives it firmly back to the bowler;
32.1;1;Herath to McKay, 1 run tossed up delivery on the middle, the batsman eases it to long off for a single;
31.6;1;Malinga to McKay, 1 run fires a quick length delivery on the pads, Mckay tucks it to square leg off the back foot;
31.5;1;Malinga to Doherty, 1 run bowls a slower delivery on the pads, the batsman nudges it to square leg for a single;
31.5;1w;Malinga to Doherty, 1 wide tries a yorker on the leg stump, but it's down the leg side;
31.4;1;Malinga to McKay, 1 run short of length delivery, the batsman hops and tucks it to behind square on the leg side for a single;
31.3;1;Malinga to Doherty, 1 run length delivery outside off, the batsman steers it to third man for a single;
31.2;?;Malinga to Doherty, no run another quick length delivery veering away from the batsman, another play and miss;
31.1;?;Malinga to Doherty, no run bowls a length delivery that is angled across the left-hander, he is beaten as he plays inside the line;
30.6;?;Herath to McKay, no run pushed further up, the batsman comes forward and pushes it to cover;
30.5;?;Herath to McKay, no run he goes back and defends the length delivery down the pitch;
30.4;1;Herath to Doherty, 1 run he goes back and tucks the length delivery to square leg for a single;
30.3;?;Herath to Doherty, no run he comes forward to a pushed through delivery, and is lucky to get an inside edge to that;
30.2;W;Herath to Voges, OUT caught at long-on! The end is nigh, Voges tries to smash it over long-on but played it straight into the hands of Eranga..;Adam Voges c Eranga b Herath 49 (111m 62b 2x4 0x6) SR: 79.03;
30.1;?;Herath to Voges, no run here comes an appeal for stumping! It was tossed up on off, it dipped, then turned past the outside edge. Did the batsman slide his foot out? Yes he did, but looks like he just got it back in time;
29.6;?;Malinga to McKay, no run another attempted yorker, but this could have been expensive. McKay flicked that well, but straight to the man at midwicket;
29.5;2;Malinga to McKay, 2 runs bowls a full toss on the pads, McKay calmly tucks it to deep square leg for an easy couple;
29.4;?;Malinga to McKay, no run another yorker, McKay calmly digs it out back to the bowler;
29.3;?;Malinga to McKay, no run he bowls a slower delivery just outside off, hangs in the air before coming down, it beats the batsman;
29.2;1;Malinga to Voges, 1 run now the batsman gets a leg-stump yorker which he times nicely to deep midwicket for a single;
29.1;4;Malinga to Voges, FOUR runs goes for a yorker, but it is not full enough. Ideal half-volley for the batsman to whack it over midwicket.;
28.6;?;Eranga to McKay, no run he bowls a yorker which the batsman drives it back to him;
28.5;?;Eranga to McKay, no run length delivery on off, the batsman drives it on the up, but straight to cover;
28.4;?;Eranga to McKay, no run another short delivery, this time it is better directed and beats the bat as the batsman misses his pull;
28.3;?;Eranga to McKay, no run he bowls a short delivery, but this one is outside off and the batsman easily ducks under it;
28.2;1;Eranga to Voges, 1 run full delivery on off stump, the batsman drives it down the ground to long on for a single;
28.1;4;Eranga to Voges, FOUR runs short ball that follows the batsman as he makes room, but Voges slaps it to deep square leg boundary with ease;
27.6;1;Herath to Voges, 1 run he comes forwards and dabs it to square leg for a single;
27.5;1;Herath to McKay, 1 run he comes forward and pushes the full delivery towards mid on for a single;
27.4;?;Herath to McKay, no run he goes back to a length ball, and gets hit on the pads, but that was heading down the leg side;
27.3;1;Herath to Voges, 1 run full and flighted on the middle, the batsman comes forward and drives it down to long off;
27.2;1;Herath to McKay, 1 run tossed up delivery on the pads, the batsman tucks it to square leg for a single;
27.2;2w;Herath to Voges, 2 wide another slider and it's down the leg side again. The keeper is not able to take it cleanly, and the batsman steal's an extra;
27.2;1w;Herath to Voges, 1 wide fired down the leg side, it's very wide;
27.1;1;Herath to McKay, 1 run flatter delivery on the pads, the batsman punches it to deep midwicket for a single;
26.6;?;Eranga to Voges, no run makes room, but he is not able to do much as it's an excellent yorker on the leg stump. He is only able to push it back to the bowler;
26.5;1;Eranga to McKay, 1 run he comes forward and drives the length ball on the up to deep cover;
26.4;?;Eranga to McKay, no run he almost drives it back to the bowler! He bowled it slightly slower and it hit the bat a little high as the batsman came forward to push it;
26.3;?;Eranga to McKay, no run slower offcutter outside off, the batsman dabs it to point and leaves the crease. Dilshan from point fires it at the non-striker's end, hits the stumps, but Voges is just in;
26.3;1w;Eranga to McKay, 1 wide short of length delivery, but this one slides down the leg side;
26.2;?;Eranga to McKay, no run full and honing in on off stump, the batsman drives it back to the bowler;
26.1;1;Eranga to Voges, 1 run length delivery, the batsman makes room and drives it through off, but the fielder at cover makes a diving stop;
25.6;?;Herath to McKay, no run now he fires it full on off stump, the batsman takes a forward step and drives it to cover;
25.5;?;Herath to McKay, no run more slowness from Herath, defended off the back foot;
25.4;?;Herath to McKay, no run slower again, the batsman pushes it to midwicket off the back foot;
25.3;?;Herath to McKay, no run slower this time, on the pads, the batsman is unable to get any bat on that and gets hit on the pads;
25.2;?;Herath to McKay, no run flatter delivery on the middle and leg line, more back foot defence;
25.2;1w;Herath to McKay, 1 wide pushes it down the leg side, called a wide;
25.1;?;Herath to McKay, no run pushed through on the middle stump, the batsman defends it off the back foot;
24.6;W;Eranga to Johnson, OUT another catch for Kula, this one at mid-off. Johnson tries to smash it down the ground again, but this delivery was slightly wider and he didn't reach for it, he got a healthy top-edge and today, Kula is unlikely to make any mistake;Mitchell Johnson c Kulasekara b Eranga 4 (4m 4b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
24.5;4;Eranga to Johnson, FOUR runs length delivery wide outside off and the batsman drives it on the up straight down the ground for a boundary;
24.4;?;Eranga to Johnson, no run he tries to pull this short of length delivery, but plays it without any timing to mid on;
24.3;?;Eranga to Johnson, no run that was quick and menacing outside off! The batsman is beaten as he plays inside the line;
24.2;1;Eranga to Voges, 1 run back of length delivery on the middle, the batsman chops it to gully and steals a quick single;
24.1;?;Eranga to Voges, no run he bowls a quick length delivery on off, the batsman dabs it straight to point;
23.6;W;Herath to Faulkner, OUT super catch by Sanga! It was tossed up on off, the batsman wanted to swipe it across the line, it turned and took the toe-end Sanga made it look easy;James Faulkner c ?Sangakkara b Herath 17 (20m 14b 3x4 0x6) SR: 121.42;
23.5;1;Herath to Voges, 1 run flat and quick on leg stump , the batsman drives it hard to deep midwicket;
23.4;1;Herath to Faulkner, 1 run he swipes across the line to play that to deep midwicket;
23.3;?;Herath to Faulkner, no run full delivery on the leg stump, the batsman drives it to midwicket where the fielder makes a good stop;
23.2;1lb;Herath to Voges, 1 leg bye he comes down the pitch, but Herath fires it on the pads. Voges manages to get some pad on it as had he missed it, he would have been a stumping candidate;
23.1;2;Herath to Voges, 2 runs that looked like he was out the moment the ball hit the bat! Huge leading edge that went towards covers, but the fielder there was close in and he had to run backwards to get to that. In the end, he just got a hand to it;
22.6;1;Angelo Mathews to Voges, 1 run another slower delivery, the batsman pushes it through cover for a single;
22.5;1;Angelo Mathews to Faulkner, 1 run length delivery on off, the batsman pushes it to cover for a single;
22.4;4;Angelo Mathews to Faulkner, FOUR runs here comes the ramp shot! It didn't have too much pace on it as it was a slower ball, but it was right in the gap between the keeper and short fine leg fielder;
22.3;4;Angelo Mathews to Faulkner, FOUR runs another slower ball, but this time Faulkner created his own pace by jumping down the pitch and crashing that through extra cover for a boundary;
22.2;?;Angelo Mathews to Faulkner, no run another slower delivery, this one is almost like a spinner's flighted one, it beats the bat as the batsman plays inside the line;
22.1;1;Angelo Mathews to Voges, 1 run he bowls a slower delivery, the batsman comes down the pitch and pushes it to long off for a single;
21.6;1;Herath to Voges, 1 run full delivery, it is tucked to square leg for a quick single;
21.5;?;Herath to Voges, no run he comes down the pitch, but Herath fires it down the leg side. The batsman does well to pad it away;
21.4;1;Herath to Faulkner, 1 run full delivery on the leg stump line, the batsman crisply times it past the non-striker;
21.3;4;Herath to Faulkner, FOUR runs he sweeps it, and sweeps it fine in the gap at deep backward square leg. It was finer than where he was intending to hit that, but a good result for him;
21.2;1lb;Herath to Voges, 1 leg bye that was the left-hander's carrom ball and the batsman somehow managed to get a bat on it, he chopped it towards gully, but there was a direct hit at the non-striker's end. The umpire checks with the third umpire, but the batsman made it in time;
21.1;2;Herath to Voges, 2 runs the batsman comes down the pitch and takes the flighted delivery on the full, but gets a toe end as he drives it over the bowler's head;
20.6;1;Malinga to Voges, 1 run fires in a yorker on the middle stump, the batsman digs it out to mid-off for a single;
20.6;5w;Malinga to Voges, 5 wide that is a wild wild delivery! Sanga did his best, but that was still too wide. Five wides down the leg side;
20.5;?;Malinga to Voges, no run good yorker, somehow it misses the off stump! The batsman was making room to carve it through covers, but was beaten by the lack of pace on it;
20.4;?;Malinga to Voges, no run he bowls a slower delivery with a lot of under-spin, the batsman flat-bats it back to the bowler;
20.3;1;Malinga to Faulkner, 1 run another short ball, this time the batsman dabs it to gully for a single;
20.2;?;Malinga to Faulkner, no run that is a good bouncer, right in front of the batsman's face. Faulkner does well to drop it down right in front of him, although he didn't know where it was for a brief moment;
20.1;1;Malinga to Voges, 1 run slower length delivery on the middle stump, the batsman steers it down to third man;
19.6;1;Kulasekara to Voges, 1 run now he bowls a yorker which the batsman digs out to long on for a single;
19.5;1;Kulasekara to Faulkner, 1 run now he follows it up with a slower delivery, the batsman dabs it towards gully for a single;
19.4;?;Kulasekara to Faulkner, no run he bowls a bouncer this time, quite pacy as well, Faulkner sways out of line just in time;
19.3;?;Kulasekara to Faulkner, no run fuller length delivery on off, the batsman defends it solidly off the front foot;
19.2;1;Kulasekara to Voges, 1 run length delivery on off, the batsman pushes it to mid-off for a single;
19.1;W;Kulasekara to Wade, OUT caught at long-off! Wade falls after a brief counter-attacking innings and it sets off the Sri Lankan fielders into wild celebrations. It was a length delivery wide outside off and Wade tried to whack it straight down the ground but got a thick leading edge that ballooned over the infield, but Dilshan at long-off was waiting for it;Matthew Wade c Dilshan b Kulasekara 31 (29m 23b 4x4 1x6) SR: 134.78;
18.6;2;Malinga to Voges, 2 runs here comes another yorker and Voges digs it out to deep backward square leg for another couple;
18.5;1;Malinga to Wade, 1 run he takes a step down the pitch and tucks the length delivery to square leg for a single;
18.4;1;Malinga to Voges, 1 run he bowls it full and on the pads, the batsman drives that easily down to long on for a single;
18.3;2;Malinga to Voges, 2 runs slower delivery on a length outside off, the batsman drives it to deep extra cover for a couple;
18.2;1;Malinga to Wade, 1 run this time it's the pacy yorker, Wade just pushes it to extra cover for a single;
18.1;3;Malinga to Voges, 3 runs there comes the slower ball yorker again, but Voges does well to drive it past midwicket for three down to cow corner;
17.6;?;Kulasekara to Wade, no run he comes down the pitch but Kula bowls it full and wide outside off and beats the bat;
17.5;1;Kulasekara to Voges, 1 run length delivery on off, the batsman slaps it down to long on for a single;
17.4;?;Kulasekara to Voges, no run back of the hand slower ball, Voges comes forward and defends it towards midwicket;
17.3;1;Kulasekara to Wade, 1 run he tries to whack this length ball, but inside edges back down the pitch. The non-striker wants a single and runs through, Wade starts belatedly and runs along with the ball and there is a mid-pitch collision between Kula and Wade...Kula goes down, Wade makes it to the other end. Kula looks at the umpire, but I think Wade was running in a straight line;
17.2;2;Kulasekara to Wade, 2 runs that was a stinger! Angelo at extra cover gets hands to it diving full length to his left, but that was hit very hard and it is not fair to put that as a drop;
17.1;4;Kulasekara to Wade, FOUR runs length delivery wide outside off and Wade smashes it over extra cover, but this is a big outfield. It teases the man from deep extra cover, who dives, but is not able to save that boundary;
16.6;1;Malinga to Wade, 1 run fired on to the pads, but the batsman digs it out towards long on for a single;
16.5;4;Malinga to Wade, FOUR runs oh beautifully smacked over midwicket! It was a short delivery on the body and Wade was quick to swivel and pull it hard over the infield;
16.4;?;Malinga to Wade, no run now fires in on Wade's boots, the batsman gets his foot out of the way and blocks it back to the bowler;
16.3;1;Malinga to Voges, 1 run short of length delivery outside off, the batsman pushes it to deep cover off the back foot;
16.2;1;Malinga to Wade, 1 run he walks across the stumps but gets a yorker wide outside off, the batsman blocks it out towards off and takes a single;
16.1;1;Malinga to Voges, 1 run bowls a slower length ball on off, the batsman pushes it to deep point for a single;
15.6;6;Herath to Wade, SIX runs this one is massive massive hit! it was tossed up outside off and the batsman jumped out of the crease to launch it way way over the sight screen;
15.5;1;Herath to Voges, 1 run tries to toss it up, but the batsman comes down the crease and takes it on the full, drives it hard straight down the ground, but Dilshan at long on cuts it off;
15.4;1;Herath to Wade, 1 run tossed up outside off, the batsman sweeps it from there and drags it to deep square leg;
15.3;?;Herath to Wade, no run now Wade comes out of the crease but is not to the pitch of the ball, defends it back to the bowler;
15.2;1;Herath to Voges, 1 run this time he comes out of the crease and drives the full delivery hard down the ground to long on;
15.1;?;Herath to Voges, no run he bowls the arm-ball, the batsman makes room and cuts it hard, but finds the fielder at point;
14.6;?;Angelo Mathews to Wade, no run he tries to whack this through off side, but is beaten by the slowness of that ball;
14.5;?;Angelo Mathews to Wade, no run slower delivery on the middle stump line, the batsman comes forward and pushes it to cover;
14.4;4;Angelo Mathews to Wade, FOUR runs he comes down the pitch again and manages to drag the short of length delivery through backward square leg for a boundary. Not in full control of that shot;
14.3;?;Angelo Mathews to Wade, no run another slower delivery that hits the pad as the batsman misses his flick, Angelo appeals, but that pitched outside leg;
14.2;4;Angelo Mathews to Wade, FOUR runs cracking shot by Wade! He jumped out on this slower delivery, made room as he did so, and timed it through point;
14.1;?;Angelo Mathews to Wade, no run he bowls a slower delivery on a length outside off, the batsman comes forward and defends to off;
13.6;?;Herath to Voges, no run quicker delivery on the off stump, the batsman defends it to the leg side off the back foot;
13.5;1;Herath to Wade, 1 run he comes forward and works it away to square leg for a single;
13.4;?;Herath to Wade, no run he comes down the pitch to a tossed up delivery wide outside off, defends to off;
13.3;2lb;Herath to Wade, 2 leg byes loud loud appeal from Sanga as the batsman gets hit on the pads with a turning ball. Herath went over the wicket to the left-hander and got the ball to turn in from outside off. the batsman tried to tickle it to the leg side, but got hit on the pads. Sri Lanka call for a review, but that one just hit the batsman outside the line.. That would have hit the leg stump though;
13.2;1;Herath to Voges, 1 run tossed up, but on a length, the batsman goes on the back foot and tucks it to square leg for a single;
13.1;?;Herath to Voges, no run slow length delivery on off stump, the batsman defends it back to the bowler;
12.6;W;Angelo Mathews to Marsh, OUT a very slow offcutter, it made the batsman wait and wait, Marsh tries to chop it to the off side and played inside the line. The ball knocks the offstump back. Aussies are crumbling;Mitchell Marsh b Mathews 4 (16m 14b 0x4 0x6) SR: 28.57;
12.5;1;Angelo Mathews to Voges, 1 run a direct hit from midwicket there would have had the batsman! Even the dive wouldn't have saved him.. But the fielder missed it;
12.4;?;Angelo Mathews to Voges, no run slower offcutter on off stump, the batsman slaps it straight to midwicket;
12.3;?;Angelo Mathews to Voges, no run he pushes the length ball towards deep cover for a single;
12.2;1;Angelo Mathews to Marsh, 1 run he walks down the pitch and punches the short of length delivery in the air towards wide mid-off, Malinga there does well;
12.1;?;Angelo Mathews to Marsh, no run he bowls a length ball on off, the batsman pushes it to point off the front foot;
11.6;1;Herath to Marsh, 1 run flatter and slow heading towards middle, the batsman goes back and punches it to deep cover;
11.5;1;Herath to Voges, 1 run he comes down the pitch and drives the tossed up delivery to long on;
11.4;?;Herath to Voges, no run waits on the back foot and defends it back down the pitch;
11.3;1;Herath to Marsh, 1 run he stays on the back foot and pushes the length ball to off for a single;
11.2;?;Herath to Marsh, no run slow and very slow on off, the batsman defends it off the front foot;
11.1;?;Herath to Marsh, no run;
10.6;?;Malinga to Voges, no run he waits in the crease and chops the length delivery to point;
10.6;1nb;Malinga to Voges, (no ball) another one of those slow thigh-high full-tosses, this one is down the leg side;
10.5;1;Malinga to Marsh, 1 run he comes forward and slices the low full toss to deep cover;
10.4;?;Malinga to Marsh, no run he bowls a yorker again, this time it's wide outside off, Marsh blocks it out to the off side;
10.3;?;Malinga to Marsh, no run he gets up on his toes and defends the back of length delivery to the off side;
10.2;1;Malinga to Voges, 1 run he gets a yorker this time and does well to flick it to deep midwicket;
10.1;?;Malinga to Voges, no run he stays in the crease and defends the back of length delivery to cover;
10.1;1w;Malinga to Voges, 1 wide a diving Sangakkara saves Malinga of some embarrassment. This was way down the leg side;
9.6;?;Kulasekara to Marsh, no run there is an appeal from Sanga for caught behind, but no one else was interested. It was a length delivery outside off and the batsman played inside the line;
9.5;?;Kulasekara to Marsh, no run and again, he defends it to point form the crease;
9.4;?;Kulasekara to Marsh, no run he comes forward and defends the length delivery to point;
9.3;?;Kulasekara to Marsh, no run bowls a length delivery on off stump, the batsman defends it down the pitch;
9.2;1;Kulasekara to Voges, 1 run he bowls a back-of-the-hand slower ball on a length, the batsman tucks it to deep midwicket for a single;
9.1;?;Kulasekara to Voges, no run he keeps it tight around the channel, Voges pushes it to point off the front foot;
8.6;1;Malinga to Voges, 1 run low full-toss on the pads, the batsman flicks it wide mid-on and another throw comes in.. Safe this time though;
8.5;?;Malinga to Voges, no run full delivery on the middle and leg line, the batsman defends it down the pitch;
8.4;?;Malinga to Voges, no run a 123 kph yorker to the new man, who just gets his bat down in time;
8.3;W;Malinga to Bailey, OUT exactly the same delivery and this time it results in a wicket! Kula is on fire. He was there at short fine leg and fires in a flat throw to catch Bailey well short of the crease. The batsman was stealing a leg-bye there.;George Bailey run out (Kulasekara) 4 (17m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 57.14;
8.2;2lb;Malinga to Bailey, 2 leg byes loud appeal for lbw, but that was a ridiculous appeal! That full-toss was clearly heading down the leg side. The batsman was beaten by the lack of pace on that though;
8.1;1;Malinga to Voges, 1 run he bowls a length ball, the batsman stays in the crease and pushes it in the gap at cover for a single;
7.6;1;Kulasekara to Voges, 1 run he angles this one in to the batsman who tucks it to deep square leg for a single;
7.5;1;Kulasekara to Bailey, 1 run a misfield by Rangana at mid-on allows a single. It was hit straight to him, a bit hard though, but those ones should be stopped;
7.4;1;Kulasekara to Voges, 1 run back of length delivery on off, the batsman dabs it towards covers and they take a quick single;
7.3;?;Kulasekara to Voges, no run this one comes in from a short of length, the batsman defends it towards the leg side off the back foot;
7.2;?;Kulasekara to Voges, no run the batsman is squared up by a length delivery on off, he pushes this one to cover point;
7.1;1;Kulasekara to Bailey, 1 run he makes room and pushes the length delivery to wide mid-off for a quick single;
6.6;?;Malinga to Voges, no run he bowls another full slower delivery, the batsman watches it carefully and defends it down the ground;
6.5;1;Malinga to Bailey, 1 run back of length delivery, but this one is on the pads and Voges picks up his first runs to fine leg;
6.4;1;Malinga to Voges, 1 run tests the batsman with a short one, who does well to hop on the crease and tuck it to square leg;
6.4;1w;Malinga to Voges, 1 wide he attempts a slower yorker again, but this one is wide down the leg side..;
6.3;W;Malinga to Maxwell, OUT no answers to this one from Malinga! He must have played these a few times in Mumbai, but he hasn't learnt much. It was a slower ball yorker and Maxwell, who was making room, missed it completely. The leg stump takes a beating;Glenn Maxwell b Malinga 32 (25m 20b 5x4 1x6) SR: 160;
6.2;4;Malinga to Maxwell, FOUR runs slower delivery on a length and what does big show do? He slams it down the ground. Mid-off had no chance;
6.1;2;Malinga to Maxwell, 2 runs he makes room and tries to slam it over long-on, but hits it high, really high and it comes down in the vacant region at wide long on;
6.1;1w;Malinga to Maxwell, 1 wide starts off with a slower-ball yorker, but he misses his direction, it's down the leg side;
5.6;?;Kulasekara to Bailey, no run slanting in towards off stump, defended towards mid-on;
5.5;1;Kulasekara to Maxwell, 1 run full ball just outside off, squeezed out towards extra cover for a single;
5.5;1w;Kulasekara to Maxwell, 1 wide slides down the leg side, a free run for Australia;
5.4;4;Kulasekara to Maxwell, FOUR runs Maxwell throwing his bat at everything, short ball just outside off, a powerful pull in front of square leg for four, the man in the deep puts in a dive but that was too quick for him;
5.3;1;Kulasekara to Bailey, 1 run short of length ball outside off, Bailey gets off the mark by guiding that down to third man for a single, showing Hughes how it is done;
5.2;W;Kulasekara to Hughes, OUT what sort of shot is that? Hughes guides that off the middle of the bat to the keeper, looking to steer that to third man but he doesn't get enough on it, Australia lose their second, it was a back of a length ball outside off, Hughes tried to be too cute and paid the price;Phillip Hughes c ?Sangakkara b Kulasekara 13 (23m 10b 3x4 0x6) SR: 130;
5.1;4;Kulasekara to Hughes, FOUR runs Hughes finally connects properly with the cut, gets well forward and chops that past point for four more;
4.6;?;Eranga to Maxwell, no run shortish ball just outside off, Maxwell wants to club that over midwicket but he can't connect;
4.5;4;Eranga to Maxwell, FOUR runs full ball heading for the leg stump, Maxwell gets his front leg out of the way and drills that wide of mid-on for four, Maxwell gallops to 21;
4.4;4;Eranga to Maxwell, FOUR runs thrashes that through cover, how hard was that hit? Maxwell skips down the track and lashes that short of length ball through the off side for four;
4.3;?;Eranga to Maxwell, no run short of length ball outside off, Maxwell slaps it back towards the bowler;
4.2;1;Eranga to Hughes, 1 run dabbed behind point for a single;
4.1;4;Eranga to Hughes, FOUR runs someone tell Hughes where the middle of the bat is, all edges here, this time a French cut for four, he was looking to drive that through the covers, that ball was well outside off, ends up as four runs for Australia;
3.6;?;Kulasekara to Maxwell, no run shorter from Kulasekara, Maxwell skates down the track and tries to hammer the ball down the track, can't get it past the bowler;
3.5;?;Kulasekara to Maxwell, no run slants this in towards the pads, strikes the pads as well, an lbw appeal but that was sliding down;
3.4;4lb;Kulasekara to Maxwell, 4 leg byes terrific come back from Kulasekara, Maxwell was backing away, Kula follows him and that ricochets of his body, between the keeper and slip for four leg byes;
3.3;6;Kulasekara to Maxwell, SIX runs beautiful shot from Maxwell, a length ball and Maxwell takes a pace out of the crease and lifts that over the bowler's head, minimal effort, lovely swing of the bat, and the ball sails over the rope towards the sightscreen;
3.2;4;Kulasekara to Maxwell, FOUR runs the Big Show gets going with a lofted drive over extra cover, it was a full ball and that is launched for a boundary;
3.1;?;Kulasekara to Maxwell, no run great line just outside off, Maxwell pokes at it and is beaten once more;
2.6;?;Eranga to Hughes, no run a touch shorter and on leg stump, Hughes looks ungainly as he blocks that to the leg side;
2.5;?;Eranga to Hughes, no run length ball outside off, Hughes goes for his favourite cut, and he is late on it, mistimes it to the off side;
2.4;1lb;Eranga to Maxwell, 1 leg bye length ball on the pads, huge appeal for lbw but that looked to be sliding down leg, the ball dribbles in front of square leg;
2.3;?;Eranga to Maxwell, no run Eranga gets the ball to sway away a touch outside off, Maxwell hangs his bat outside off and is beaten once more;
2.2;2;Eranga to Maxwell, 2 runs full and on the pads, lofted over mid-on and there's a long chase for Malinga, only two runs result though, should have pushed for three there;
2.1;?;Eranga to Maxwell, no run back of a length ball from Eranga, 137kph, just outside off, Maxwell fishes for it outside off and is beaten;
1.6;?;Kulasekara to Hughes, no run length ball just outside off, a good-looking drive towards short cover;
1.5;?;Kulasekara to Hughes, no run pegged back in the crease, looking to work the ball to the leg side, edges it towards cover;
1.4;?;Kulasekara to Hughes, no run short of length ball on off stump, Hughes gets behind the line and defends;
1.3;1;Kulasekara to Maxwell, 1 run pushed towards cover for a single, the much-hyped Maxwell is off the mark;
1.3;1w;Kulasekara to Maxwell, 1 wide way down the leg side;
1.2;W;Kulasekara to Watson, OUT Kula has done it, last match it was with the bat, this time he has removed the dangerman Shane Watson with the ball, the ball angles in towards the stumps, Watson looks to dab it behind point, no footwork from Watson, he misses and the stumps are disturbed, the Sri Lankan fans at The Oval scream to make it known how big a moment this is;Shane Watson b Kulasekara 5 (4m 7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 71.42;
1.1;?;Kulasekara to Watson, no run back of a length ball outside off, defended towards cover by Watson;
0.6;4;Eranga to Hughes, FOUR runs Hughes nearly bowled first ball, that wasn't too far outside off but he still goes for the cut, bottom edges it past the stumps for a streaky boundary;
0.5;1;Eranga to Watson, 1 run length ball outside off, punched solidly back towards the bowler, bounces over the bowler's head, Eranga gets a hand on it but can only deflect it towards mid-off for a single;
0.4;?;Eranga to Watson, no run length ball is defended back down the track;
0.3;?;Eranga to Watson, no run bit of width, 134kph, shortish ball, slapped firmly towards point but well stopped by Dilshan;
0.2;?;Eranga to Watson, no run shorter this time, closer to off stump, Watson waits in the crease and looks to dab the ball down to third man, beaten;
0.1;4;Eranga to Watson, FOUR runs what a start! Watson begins with a sensational drive through the covers for four, that was a length ball outside off, Watson leans into it and puts that away;

5.10pm 254 in 29.1 overs? Anyone think it is possible against Malinga & Co? Shane Watson is walking out, with Phillip Hughes as his partner. Shaminda Eranga to bowl.
Fireworks expected. Watson's going to be the key batsman.
 Innings Start
Sri Lanka
Australia
12th Match, Group A (D/N), The Oval, Jun 17 2013, ICC Champions Trophy
253/8
233
Player of the match is Mahela Jayawardene, SL
Sri Lanka won by 20 runs
