Data
3.45pm Starc and spinners rout WI for 116 in 32.3. Lyon and Zampa lead the side off the field. Starc removed Fletcher in the first over on his comeback and hit speeds north of 145ks consistently, despite spraying the ball around a bit. Zampa and Lyon took over in the middle overs with flight, dip, angle, and turn. The pitch was slow but no WI batsman showed the application to grind the attack. Nikhil will kickstart the chase. Ciao soon.
calvin: "I think West Indies need to bring into their side young Lewis and Powell.Which I think would give them better balance at the top. "
32.3;W;Zampa to Brathwaite, OUT floated on off, 79ks Ricky has a big swing at it. He does not get under it. He has to settle with a sliced hit. Finch pouches it at the edge of the long-on boundary;Carlos Brathwaite c Finch b Zampa 21 (69m 48b 1x4 1x6) SR: 43.75;
32.2;?;Zampa to Brathwaite, no run slider outside off, chopped to short third man;
32.1;?;Zampa to Brathwaite, no run lobbed up, may have been a googly, Ricky prods and gets an inside edge onto the pad;
31.6;4;Starc to Taylor, FOUR runs yorker, tails in, blocked down the ground, to the left of mid-on for four;
31.5;?;Starc to Taylor, no run short and angled in, kicks up rudely at the batsman, fends it towards point after loosening the grip;
31.4;?;Starc to Taylor, no run full and outside off, slashes and.... there was a noise - it came from the bat jamming the ground. No nick as the ball lodges in the gloves of Wade;
31.3;?;Starc to Taylor, no run full and darts back in at 142ks, beats the flick and pings off the pad towards the leg side;
31.2;?;Starc to Taylor, no run mighty full and homes in on middle, jabbed to cover. 148ks, that;
31.1;?;Starc to Taylor, no run off-stump yorker, tails in, squeezed to short extra cover;
30.6;1;Zampa to Taylor, 1 run 75ks, change-up in pace, much slower and fuller, driven to long-off;
30.5;?;Zampa to Taylor, no run fired full and dips at the leg stump, dug out hurriedly;
30.4;W;Zampa to Narine, OUT wrong'un and Zampa strikes again! Narine showed his ace early by dancing out. Zampa dangles a googly outside off, got it to dip as well. Narine aimed a hack across the line and did not touch it. Wade flips the bails off;Sunil Narine st ?Wade b Zampa 5 (18m 8b 1x4 0x6) SR: 62.5;
30.3;1;Zampa to Brathwaite, 1 run legbreak, dabbed towards short third man for one;
30.2;?;Zampa to Brathwaite, no run tossed on middle, driven to short extra cover;
30.1;1;Zampa to Narine, 1 run flighted outside off, milked down to long-on;
29.6;?;Starc to Brathwaite, no run full toss just outside off, slapped only to short extra cover;
29.5;?;Starc to Brathwaite, no run he aims for another yorker, bowls a half-volley outside off instead, carved to cover;
29.4;?;Starc to Brathwaite, no run wide of the crease 148ks yorker, dug out. Ricky can't do much;
29.3;2;Starc to Brathwaite, 2 runs angling into the hips, eased to long leg for a brace;
29.2;?;Starc to Brathwaite, no run Starc ventures wide of the crease and zips in a yorker on middle, jammed back to Starc;
29.1;?;Starc to Brathwaite, no run yorker, homing in on off from round the stumps, 147ks, squirted out;
28.6;1;Lyon to Brathwaite, 1 run flicked off the back foot through backward square leg. Lyon finishes with 3 for 39;
28.5;?;Lyon to Brathwaite, no run Lyon replies with an off-stump dart, defended;
28.4;6;Lyon to Brathwaite, SIX runs He nailed that! Lyon slows this up on middle, the batsman likes the flight. He gets under this full ball and smokes it over midwicket. Clean swing, that;
28.3;?;Lyon to Brathwaite, no run flighted on the pads, bunted back to Lyon;
28.2;?;Lyon to Brathwaite, no run pushed on off, he presses forward and squirts it through square leg via an inside edge;
28.1;4;Lyon to Brathwaite, FOUR runs One-bounce four. Ricky tees off. Slides on off, Ricky did not get under it. He looked to loft and ends up slicing it to the long-off boundary;
27.6;?;Starc to Narine, no run hurled outside off, left alone;
27.5;1;Starc to Brathwaite, 1 run full and angling in outside off, guided to third man;
27.4;?;Starc to Brathwaite, no run full toss, swings in on off, 148ks poked out to cover;
27.3;?;Starc to Brathwaite, no run full and outside off, 140.4ks, ignored;
27.2;?;Starc to Brathwaite, no run full and swings in on middle at 145ks, dug out;
27.1;?;Starc to Brathwaite, no run full and outside off, run away to point;
26.6;?;Lyon to Narine, no run full and turns away, open-faced dab to short third man;
26.5;?;Lyon to Narine, no run flighted nicely on middle, Narine inches forward and smothers it;
26.4;4;Lyon to Narine, FOUR runs full on middle, Narine gets forward and drives it in the gap at the covers. First boundary for WI since the 9th over;
26.3;?;Lyon to Narine, no run drifts in on middle, defended to short extra cover;
26.2;?;Lyon to Narine, no run full and turns away from Narine, beats the outside edge;
26.1;W;Lyon to Benn, OUT Soft, soft dismissal. Khawaja pats Lyon on the head. Looped up on middle, may have stopped a touch on Benn. He has to check his push-drive, he ends up plopping it back to Lyon;Sulieman Benn c & b Lyon 3 (12m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 42.85;
25.6;?;Starc to Brathwaite, no run pitched up and angling away outside off, Ricky shoulders arms;
25.5;?;Starc to Brathwaite, no run full and swings away outside off, leaving Ricky prodding and missing from the crease;
25.4;1;Starc to Benn, 1 run yorker just a shade outside off, squirted to cover;
25.3;?;Starc to Benn, no run full and no swing outside off, 150.6kph/93.6mph swished to mid-off now;
25.2;?;Starc to Benn, no run too full on off, driven to mid-on;
25.1;?;Starc to Benn, no run full toss on off, Benn is surprised, squeezed out towards mid-on. Lobbed below waist line, Benn is a tall man;
24.6;?;Lyon to Brathwaite, no run turn and dip, prodded to square leg;
24.5;?;Lyon to Brathwaite, no run an appeal for lbw, not given. Lyon gets it to straighten, but hits the batsman outside the line of off;
24.4;?;Lyon to Brathwaite, no run goes with the angle outside off from round the wicket, pushed to cover;
24.3;?;Lyon to Brathwaite, no run slides across off, bunted in front of point on the front foot;
24.2;?;Lyon to Brathwaite, no run tickled from outside off to short third man;
24.1;?;Lyon to Brathwaite, no run breaks in on te leg stump dabbed to square leg off the back foot;
23.6;2;Zampa to Benn, 2 runs darted on the pads, Benn goes low and controls a sweep behind square;
23.5;?;Zampa to Benn, no run floated on middle and leg, poked back to Zampa off the inside edge;
23.4;W;Zampa to Holder, OUT bowled 'em! Holder rocks away outside leg and exposes all three stumps. Zampa takes aim and locks his target. He fires a slider and takes the off stump. The hosts are seven down;Jason Holder b Zampa 1 (5m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 16.66;
23.3;1;Zampa to Brathwaite, 1 run quicker legbreak, this time Ricky taps it to sweeper cover;
23.2;1;Zampa to Holder, 1 run slides on outside off, tapped to the off-side sweeper;
23.1;?;Zampa to Holder, no run lobs it full on middle, jammed back to Zampa. Toe-ended back;
22.6;?;Maxwell to Brathwaite, no run straighter one, Holder dead-bats it;
22.5;1lb;Maxwell to Holder, 1 leg bye leg-stump ball, diverted to the right of short leg;
22.4;?;Maxwell to Holder, no run angled on off, played back to Maxi;
22.3;?;Maxwell to Holder, no run;
22.2;W;Maxwell to Ramdin, OUT an appeal for lbw, Maxi gets it to straighten, given! Pushed on middle, Ramdin presses forward and plays across the line and is trapped in front. Rapped on the front pad. No inside snick involved. Ump Brathwaite's call is vindicated. Ramdin's review amounts to nothing. The tracker shows it would hit middle. Maxi leaves the hosts six down;Denesh Ramdin lbw b Maxwell 12 (40m 30b 0x4 0x6) SR: 40;
22.1;?;Maxwell to Ramdin, no run length ball on off, blocked back to Maxi;
21.6;1;Zampa to Ramdin, 1 run slides on and turns outside off, chopped to deep point;
21.5;?;Zampa to Ramdin, no run tossed on middle, defensively bunted to mid-on;
21.4;?;Zampa to Ramdin, no run shorter and outside off, slapped to extra cover on the back foot;
21.3;1;Zampa to Brathwaite, 1 run looks like a googly, swerved in, Ricky sits back and targets the leg side with a flick. He does not pick it and ends up popping it over Zampa's head via a leading edge;
21.2;?;Zampa to Brathwaite, no run quicker legbreak, Ricky hangs back, prods and is beaten by turn;
21.1;1;Zampa to Ramdin, 1 run lobs a full toss on middle, whipped to deep midwicket;
20.6;?;Maxwell to Brathwaite, no run helped off the pads behind square again;
20.5;1;Maxwell to Ramdin, 1 run full and straight, picked away behind square on the leg side;
20.4;1;Maxwell to Brathwaite, 1 run Ricky goes back and dabs a single to point;
20.3;?;Maxwell to Brathwaite, no run fired at 96ks, kept out;
20.2;1;Maxwell to Ramdin, 1 run similar ball, worked to the right of the square-leg umpire;
20.1;?;Maxwell to Ramdin, no run breaks into the pads, knocked gently to midwicket;
19.6;?;Zampa to Brathwaite, no run an appeal for lbw! Umpire Llong shakes his head and shoots down the appeal. Skids on and hits the pad, pitched in line, probably heading down leg;
19.5;1;Zampa to Ramdin, 1 run straighter one, swept behind square for one;
19.4;?;Zampa to Ramdin, no run lovely legbreak, pitches on off and turns sharply past the outside edge. Ramdin stabs and misses;
19.3;?;Zampa to Ramdin, no run quick fizzer, jabbed to cover;
19.2;2;Zampa to Ramdin, 2 runs Ramdin bends and meets a low full toss. Neatly paddled down to fine leg;
19.1;1;Zampa to Brathwaite, 1 run dropped fraction short and outside off, flat-bat slap to long-on. Ramdin swerves and ducks out of the way;
18.6;2;Lyon to Ramdin, 2 runs offbreak on the pads, helped away finer of short fine leg. Finch lumbers after the ball and keeps it to two;
18.5;?;Lyon to Ramdin, no run no turn, skids on, flat on off, defended from the crease;
18.4;1;Lyon to Brathwaite, 1 run fuller and quicker, Ricky skips back and glances to short fine leg;
18.3;?;Lyon to Brathwaite, no run drifting into the leg stump, this is loopier, Ricky goes low and squirts it onto the pad via an inside edge;
18.2;?;Lyon to Brathwaite, no run slides through outside off, jabbed to the cover region;
18.1;?;Lyon to Brathwaite, no run dangled across off, Ricky aims a sweep across the line and misses;
17.6;?;Zampa to Ramdin, no run short and wide, mis-times a slap back to the bowler;
17.5;?;Zampa to Ramdin, no run this time quicker through the air outside off, pushed to cover hurriedly;
17.4;?;Zampa to Ramdin, no run flight on off, draws Ramdin forward who outside-halves to third man. Lovely bowling;
17.3;?;Zampa to Ramdin, no run ripping turn. Slows it up outside off at 87 kph, beats the bat by a few miles;
17.2;1;Zampa to Brathwaite, 1 run slower and shorter and wider, punched off the back foot to sweeper cover;
17.1;1;Zampa to Ramdin, 1 run starts with a flatter delivery outside off, slapped to cover;
16.6;?;Lyon to Brathwaite, no run flatter, shorter, quicker. Brathwaite defends;
16.5;?;Lyon to Brathwaite, no run superb bowling. More flight on middle, pushed into the off side;
16.4;?;Lyon to Brathwaite, no run shorter and wider outside off, Brathwaite defends off the back foot;
16.3;?;Lyon to Brathwaite, no run some flight on off, Brathwaite comes forward to defend;
16.2;W;Lyon to Pollard, OUT straight to long-on. Pollard falls. Australia have two in two. Lyon has two in two. The same shot that got WI out of trouble in the previous game causes further misery for WI here. Tossed up on middle, some spin takes the inside half of Pollard's bat who looked to go down the ground with an uppish loft. That turn helped the ball lands straight in Warner's lap at long-on;Kieron Pollard c Warner b Lyon 0 (2m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
16.1;W;Lyon to Samuels, OUT given this time by umpire Brathwaite. Flat on middle and leg, skids on with the arm. The ball thuds into Samuels' pads in front of leg. This time the finger goes up. Samuels went deep in his crease but just missed his flick. Umpire's call at best/worst so a good decision not to review;Marlon Samuels lbw b Lyon 10 (28m 14b 0x4 0x6) SR: 71.42;
15.6;1;Starc to Samuels, 1 run driven to mid-on for a quick run. Samuels made his ground, but was he lazy in getting his bat down? The third umpire is called. He was but he just about made it.;
15.5;1lb;Starc to Ramdin, 1 leg bye down leg again, pings off the pads towards fine leg for a run;
15.4;?;Starc to Ramdin, no run nice and full again, attacking the stumps. Ramdin's bat intervenes;
15.3;1;Starc to Samuels, 1 run a loose stroke. Full and wide, Samuels drives away from his body. Lobs it up to sweeper cover;
15.2;?;Starc to Samuels, no run 146 kph, full on off. Blocked;
15.1;?;Starc to Samuels, no run full and straight, Samuels is hurries for pace but manages a defensive pat back;
15.1;2w;Starc to Ramdin, 2 wide drifts down leg for yet another extra. Wade mis-collects as well;
14.6;2;Lyon to Samuels, 2 runs strays down leg again, nudged with soft hands towards fine leg for a couple;
14.5;1;Lyon to Ramdin, 1 run slower and straighter, easily whipped to deep square leg;
14.4;?;Lyon to Ramdin, no run flat on off, not much turn. Pushed to midwicket;
14.3;?;Lyon to Ramdin, no run worked away to fine leg;
14.2;?;Lyon to Ramdin, no run straight to short leg, those ones only stick. Flat down leg, worked to Finch's ankle at short leg. Got up too early. Why is Finch there?;
14.1;?;Lyon to Ramdin, no run flat on middle, Ramdin hangs back to defend;
13.6;?;Starc to Samuels, no run full and straight, blocked;
13.5;2;Starc to Samuels, 2 runs looking for the yorker again but misses. A low full toss is sliced away past point. A superb acrobatic effort from Lyon at sweeper cover saves two runs;
13.4;1;Starc to Ramdin, 1 run not quite the bouncer but short outside off, upper cut to third man for a run;
13.3;?;Starc to Ramdin, no run nice bowling. Attacking the base of those stumps, pushed to mid-on.;
13.2;?;Starc to Ramdin, no run a low full toss on leg. Looking for the yorker again, bunted to mid-on;
13.1;W;Starc to Charles, OUT bowled im. That's why he was brought back. Charles' struggling innings ends. A superb yorker again, not for the first time Charles gets an inside edge but this time it rattled into middle stump. Late swing back in. Superb stuff from Starc;Johnson Charles b Starc 22 (64m 40b 1x4 1x6) SR: 55;
13.1;1w;Starc to Charles, 1 wide straight away down leg for a wide;
12.6;1lb;Lyon to Charles, 1 leg bye lovely bowling. Very full on middle and off, Charles misses it yet again. Quite bewildering that there wasn't much of an appeal. There was something from Lyon. Leg byes, maybe too much turn again but that looked close;
12.5;?;Lyon to Charles, no run this one drifts away from the bat, beaten on the outside edge outside off stump. Nice bowling;
12.4;1;Lyon to Samuels, 1 run worked to fine leg;
12.3;1;Lyon to Charles, 1 run intriguing battle this. Lyon sees Charles coming and shortens the length. Charles comes down and slogs it on the bounce to deep midwicket;
12.2;?;Lyon to Charles, no run comes down the track and thrashes a drive to mid-off;
12.1;?;Lyon to Charles, no run another big appeal, but that didn't look out. Too much turn. Quite flat outside off, the ball rips back in toward Charles who misses it again. Sliding down;
12.1;2w;Lyon to Samuels, 2 wide down leg again, Wade cannot collect cleanly, allows the extra run;
11.6;3;Marsh to Samuels, 3 runs strays down leg, allowing Samuels to tickle it towards fine leg for three. Well played, good diving stop too;
11.5;?;Marsh to Samuels, no run superb change-up. Goes short and surprises Samuels who sways out of the line quite late. Nice direction on that;
11.4;?;Marsh to Samuels, no run another overpitched delivery is just jammed into the off side;
11.3;?;Marsh to Samuels, no run good field-placing. Shortish delivery outside off is guided towards third man but a gully stops the single. keeps Samuels on 0;
11.2;?;Marsh to Samuels, no run overpitched outside off, solidly blocked;
11.1;W;Marsh to Bravo, OUT poor shot. Full and wide, Bravo lays into a drive but fails to keep it down. Hits an uppish drive but straight to extra cover who juggles it and then takes it inches away from the ground. Not sure what he was trying to do there, maybe through the stroke too early;Darren Bravo c Zampa b Marsh 19 (46m 31b 3x4 0x6) SR: 61.29;
10.6;?;Lyon to Charles, no run good over that. Run-scoring getting increasingly harder. Turned to backward square leg;
10.5;2;Lyon to Charles, 2 runs another edgy stroke. Flat down leg, tickled fine, more off the inside half. To fine leg for a couple;
10.4;?;Lyon to Charles, no run clever bowling. Slower on middle but short enough. Charles misses a flick, the ball hits his pad down leg;
10.3;?;Lyon to Charles, no run another edge. Looking very tentative here. Flatter outside off, a thin edge from Charles into his pad;
10.2;?;Lyon to Charles, no run another big swing but the spin takes the ball away from the bat. Thuds into his body;
10.1;?;Lyon to Charles, no run tossed up outside off, Charles strides forward and defends;
9.6;?;Marsh to Bravo, no run maiden. Nice over. Full and wide again, Bravo doesn't interfere;
9.5;?;Marsh to Bravo, no run shot! Overpitched outside off, fluently driven to mid-off;
9.4;?;Marsh to Bravo, no run short and wide, there for the cut, Bravo goes after it but fails to connect;
9.3;?;Marsh to Bravo, no run fullish length outside off, another leave;
9.2;?;Marsh to Bravo, no run shortens the length and brings it closer to off stump. Bravo goes back and eases into a defensive stroke into the off side;
9.1;?;Marsh to Bravo, no run full and wide, left alone;
8.6;1;Lyon to Bravo, 1 run too short again, thrashed to deep cover off the back foot;
8.5;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run nicely bowled. Tossed up outside off, left alone;
8.4;1;Lyon to Charles, 1 run flat on middle, a thick inside edge onto his pad. Otherwide that was out;
8.3;6;Lyon to Charles, SIX runs uses his feet, runs to the pitch of the ball and slogs it over midwicket. The execution aided by the steps to the pitch of the ball;
8.2;?;Lyon to Charles, no run another close shout. Full outside off, brings Charles forward who gets a thin edge on his half-willed prod;
8.1;1;Lyon to Bravo, 1 run a tad too short outside off, Bravo rocks back and smashed the cross-batted slap to deep cover;
7.6;?;Marsh to Charles, no run pulled to square leg, dragged the stroke from outside off;
7.5;?;Marsh to Charles, no run tapped into the cover region;
7.4;1;Marsh to Bravo, 1 run just wide of a diving cover. More evidence of the slowness of the pitch. Full and wide, Bravo is through the drive too early, the ball lobs up and just evades a diving Smith at cover;
7.3;1;Marsh to Charles, 1 run quite full on off and driven to mid-off for a run. To Warner. Good single;
7.2;?;Marsh to Charles, no run full and wide, mis-timed to mid-on;
7.1;?;Marsh to Charles, no run overpitched on off, driven to mid-on;
6.6;1;Lyon to Charles, 1 run starts it off wider outside off, tucked to fine leg from off and middle stump;
6.6;1w;Lyon to Charles, 1 wide slides down leg for an extra;
6.5;?;Lyon to Charles, no run a massive slog attempted but the ball spins and hits the pad down the leg side;
6.4;?;Lyon to Charles, no run worked to fine leg;
6.3;?;Lyon to Charles, no run massive appeal. Whew, that was close. Flat on middle and off, the ball skids on with the arm and Charles misses a flick. That looked out. The umpire Gregory Brathwaite says no. Did that pitch in line? I thought so. Carried on with the arm, good delivery;
6.2;1;Lyon to Bravo, 1 run better. Shortens the length outside off and extracts plenty of turn. Slapped to deep cover;
6.1;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run nicely tossed up on middle, fluently driven to cover. Too full there;
5.6;?;Hazlewood to Charles, no run defended from the crease;
5.5;1;Hazlewood to Bravo, 1 run a good run. Good length on middle, inside-edged to square leg for a quick single. Well done;
5.4;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run shortish and wide, Bravo goes back and tries to punch a drive but the slowness of the pitch means he miscues to cover;
5.3;4;Hazlewood to Bravo, FOUR runs smashed. Clobbered away. Hazlewod digs it in on middle, Bravo backs away and hammers the pull to the square leg boundary. Shot!;
5.3;1nb;Hazlewood to Bravo, (no ball) no-ball. Hazlewood oversteps. Full on middle, driven to mid-on.;
5.2;1;Hazlewood to Charles, 1 run a good length on middle is swivel-flicked to fine leg;
5.1;?;Hazlewood to Charles, no run full again. Charles lunges forward to defend;
4.6;?;Starc to Bravo, no run fullish length outside off and Bravo shoulders arms;
4.5;?;Starc to Bravo, no run another full toss on middle and leg, pushed to mid-on. Maybe time to give him a break;
4.4;4;Starc to Bravo, FOUR runs superbly played. Full and wide, too full, overpitched. Bravo lays into the drive and crisply times it to the cover boundary;
4.3;?;Starc to Bravo, no run a good length on middle and leg, 145 kph. Tucked to square leg;
4.3;1w;Starc to Bravo, 1 wide too wide again. This time way outside off stump. Another wide called;
4.2;?;Starc to Bravo, no run nicely bowled. Gets his line right. Full and wide outside off, just enough away movement to take the ball past the outside edge;
4.2;1w;Starc to Bravo, 1 wide and now down the leg side. Wide;
4.1;4;Starc to Bravo, FOUR runs uh oh. 147.4 kph. A naughty full toss outside off, Bravo leans on the drive and gets it through the point area. Scurries across the slow outfield. Swung in the air though;
3.6;4;Hazlewood to Charles, FOUR runs edged and dropped. Not easy at all. Fullish and wide again, Charles gives it his all with a flashy drive. A thick outside edge flies over Smith at first slip who leaps but can only parry it to the boundary. Good effort;
3.5;?;Hazlewood to Charles, no run fullish on a fourth-stump line. Blocked. Dead bat;
3.4;?;Hazlewood to Charles, no run a good length on middle. Charles tries to flick but misses and is struck on the midriff. A bit late on the nudge;
3.3;1;Hazlewood to Bravo, 1 run a tad straighter and flicked to fine leg to get one;
3.2;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run nice again. Full and wide, some late outswing. Bravo leaves happily;
3.1;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run nice lines. Fullish and wide outside off, Bravo leaves alone;
2.6;1;Starc to Bravo, 1 run full and straight, very full. Jammed to fine leg off the inside edge;
2.5;?;Starc to Bravo, no run shortish and wide, left alone;
2.5;1w;Starc to Bravo, 1 wide strays in line again. Drifts down leg for an extra;
2.4;?;Starc to Bravo, no run driven into the cover region. Quite tentative outside the off stump;
2.3;?;Starc to Bravo, no run leg side-ish, a fantastic save from Wade. Clipped the pads and looked like it was four leg byes but Wade got across;
2.2;1;Starc to Charles, 1 run edged and flies away to third man. 141 kph. Intentionally bowling it quite full to extract as much swing from the air as possible;
2.1;2;Starc to Charles, 2 runs nicely played. Full on off, not a lot of movement. Driven into the off side, through the covers, for a couple;
1.6;1;Hazlewood to Charles, 1 run full and straight, a thick inside edge to fine leg gets Charles one;
1.5;?;Hazlewood to Charles, no run shortish this time, a sixth-stump line. Swatted to mid-on;
1.4;?;Hazlewood to Charles, no run nice lengths these. Nagging away outside Charles' off stump. Defended;
1.3;?;Hazlewood to Charles, no run fullish on off, blocked. Not much swing there;
1.2;?;Hazlewood to Charles, no run 135 kph. Nice. Full and wide again, inviting the drive. Charles accepts the invitation, but cannot connect;
1.1;?;Hazlewood to Charles, no run fullish and wide to start. A good start. Some away shape. Left alone;
0.6;?;Starc to Bravo, no run nice and straight, 147 kph. Bravo presents the full face of the bat to block;
0.5;W;Starc to Fletcher, OUT gone. Whoa. Some start this. Full and wide outside off, not a lot of swing but enough. Fletcher wafts at it aimlessly and the skew flies to backward point. Comfortable height and comfortably taken. Starc has a wicket in his first over on international return;Andre Fletcher c Maxwell b Starc 4 (6m 4b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
0.4;?;Starc to Fletcher, no run full on middle, inswing. Slogged to mid-on. Couldn't quite get under the free hit to get that away;
0.4;5nb;Starc to Fletcher, (no ball) FOUR runs oh my. What an over so far already. A very high full toss outside off. No ball called. Fletcher goes after it and gets a thick outside edge towards first slip. Smith hurries out of the way;
0.3;?;Starc to Fletcher, no run whew. Massive appeal. That looked out. A full swinging yorker. And Smith reviews. he has to. That looked plumb. Big inside edge on that on closer inspection.But wow, what a start fro Starc. back to his swinging best right away. Somehow, from somewhere Fletcher got bat on that;
0.2;1;Starc to Charles, 1 run more swing. Angled away from the right-hander and quite wide outside off, flayed to third man. Bat away from body;
0.1;?;Starc to Charles, no run full and straight to start. 141 kph. Some swing, just enough swing. Yorker first up, outside off. Charles jams it out;

Mitch Starc has the ball. This could be interesting. He returns to international cricket after six months. J Charles and A Fletcher. A wide slip in place.
1.10pm Important toss for Australia to win that. A bit of dew later, some inclement weather around. How much do WI need? Out come the players. They line up on either side of the pitch for a minute of silence for Tony Cozier.
Toss time. Australia won the toss and chose to bowl
Steven Smith: A bit tacky. Hopefully we can get the ball to swing early. Mitch Starc is back. Nice to have him back in the XI. Boland is going to miss out. We think it's going to spin a bit."
Jason Holder: "Hopefully it should hold up for the whole 50 overs. Important we keep it as tight as possible. We need to support Narine. Need to continue the same things. Same team."
Westindies: Charles, Fletcher, Bravo, Samuels, Ramdin, Pollard, Brathwaite, Holder, Taylor, Narine
Australia: Khawaja, Warner, Smith, Finch, Maxwell, Marsh, Wade, Starc, Zampa, Hazlewood, Lyon
12.55pm We should have the toss quite soon.
12.30pm There was some rain at Providence earlier. The toss has been delayed. An inspection is scheduled at 12.50pm. A reminder, there is no rain at the moment.
Joseph: "If Australia are to lose a match, this is the time to do so. They will have plenty chance to redeem themselves, as do the Saffers."
Diaz: "The last time West Indies beat Australia in an ODI was in St. Lucia Mar 23, 2012. That time Pollard hit 102* of 70. Hopefully We can see an innings like that again..."
Zunair Ejaz: "The team which plays the spinners well will eventually win the match. Considering this, West Indies have brighter chance."
Tahmid: "@Muji: that's what we said last year when he came to the Windies. He managed a gutsy 199."
Saurav Kataruka: "Contrary to the general idea, Aussies will have an upper hand in a rain curtailed game here I think. " - Don't think there will be a curtailed game.
Muji: " I feel like this low, slow turning wicket will test Steven Smith's batting temperament."
Afsar: "Toss will be crucial!!! Team - Win the toss & elect to bowl first, restrict them below par and chase it easily.. Comeeeee oooooonnnnn WI !!!!"
RAHUL M B: "Zampa, the best spinner- really ? Dont you think its a bit too early for that ?" - Just my opinion.
12.10pm The gruelling conditions for stroke-making would indicate that batting with the harder, newer ball would be a lot easier than later in the innings. Not me saying it, Steven Smith is. Well, me too.
Fantastic time for this match to start, Novak Djokovic adds French Open 2016 to his ever-growing list of trophies. Toss in 15 minutes. Till then, here's the preview.
Sooryanarayanan: "Looking forward to seeing Mitchell Starc in his comeback game. But another bowler who could be crucial to Australia's chances especially on this wicket is Adam Zampa. He has been extremely impressive in the recent past." -- One of the best spinners (or will be) in the world, I think.
12.03pm West Indies ran past a strong South African outfit in the tri-series opener but will face a different opponent today - one that are on top of the ODI rankings, the ODI World Cup winners. Australia haven't played too much ODI cricket in such conditions, the first ODI was played on a low-slow turner. And the surface is unlikely to change. Which means West Indies have a great chance to pull off another big win and open up this tri-series nicely.
 Innings Start
6.30pm: Zampa and Lyon set up the victory, taking three wickets each, to dismiss West Indies for 116. Warner and Finch laid the platform for the chase with a 44-run opening stand. Khawaja flickered briefly and then Narine caused a middle-order wobble, but Warner completed his half-century and the chase.
Presentation:
Jason Holder: We din't bat well and there was no excuses. We din't put enough runs on the board. We lost wickets in clusters and we were not to build any partnerships. It was a bad batting display and we need to put this behind us. Seven soft dismissals and we need to spend some time in the wicket. I don't think the bowlers can be faulted.
Steven Smith: It would have been nice to keep it clinical. To get over the line with a bonus point, it is still pretty pleasing. Hopefully, we can keep building. The spinners were magnificent today. It may be the same surface against SA and they are licking their lips. Warner was calm and composed and got the team over the line. South Africa will be a challenge and I daresay it will be a battle of spinners, they will also play two spinners. The guys are coming off the IPL and it was nice to get this game out of the way with a bonus point.
Lyon, Man of the Match: I was pretty happy with the effort. To bowl WI out for 116 was a good effort. Zampa is a good mate and great to see him come along leaps and bounds. Great place to play cricket and it is going to be spin-friendly in the next game against South Africa.
That is all we have for you. Thanks for tuning in. Goodbye and cheers!
25.4;2;Fletcher to Warner, 2 runs Warner skips back and punches this short ball from outside off past the covers. Australia seal a bonus-point win;
25.3;?;Fletcher to Warner, no run keeps it short and outside off, Warner reaches out and chops to short third man;
25.2;2;Fletcher to Warner, 2 runs another half-tracker outside off, forces a cut past the covers off the back foot;
25.1;?;Fletcher to Warner, no run half-tracker outside off, swatted on the back foot to midwicket;
24.6;?;Benn to Marsh, no run slides on middle, a touch short, the batsman keeps back and defends it back to Benn;
24.5;?;Benn to Marsh, no run hint of turn away from the right hander, dabbed to backward point;
24.4;1;Benn to Warner, 1 run Warner hangs back and chops a single to short third man. He sets off for a single. Marsh, however, isn't as quick as Warner. But he slides his bat in and makes it. A direct hit could have put him in trouble;
24.3;?;Benn to Warner, no run turns just outside off, jabbed to the off side;
24.2;3;Benn to Marsh, 3 runs Marsh stretches forward and meets a full toss. Paddled to fine leg for three. Positive running;
24.1;?;Benn to Marsh, no run full on off, Marsh flashes a drive to extra cover;
23.6;?;Narine to Warner, no run big turn away from Warner. He pulls his bat inside the line and leaves it be;
23.5;1;Narine to Marsh, 1 run fuller on middle, eased down to long-on for one;
23.4;?;Narine to Marsh, no run lobbed up on off, defended to short extra cover;
23.3;?;Narine to Marsh, no run offbreak, squeezed to mid-on off an inside edge;
23.2;1;Narine to Warner, 1 run short and wide outside off, slapped out to deep cover as Warner reaches his half-century;
23.1;6;Narine to Warner, SIX runs slower through the air on off, Warner takes on Narine and launches him straight down the ground;
22.6;1;Benn to Warner, 1 run chopped from the stumps to point for one;
22.5;?;Benn to Warner, no run straighter one, blocked back to Benn;
22.4;1;Benn to Marsh, 1 run tossed on middle, scooped behind square, wide of Ramdin;
22.3;2;Benn to Marsh, 2 runs pushed past cover;
22.2;?;Benn to Marsh, no run jabbed to short extra cover;
22.1;1;Benn to Warner, 1 run drifting down leg, helped around the corner;
21.6;?;Narine to Marsh, no run short and quicker outside off, seam-up ball, 100ks, punched out to short-extra cover. Umpire Llong calls it a no-ball. The TV umpire may have relayed it to him. "Six fielders on the leg side" Llong says. The TV umpire now has another chat with Llong. Pollard then has a word with the umpire. But that was a late no-ball call. He had called the over and so that does not count as a no-ball. End of the over;
21.5;1;Narine to Warner, 1 run leading edge as Warner plays the flick early, loops wide of cover;
21.4;1;Narine to Marsh, 1 run swept from outside off to deep backward square leg. First run from Narine after nine balls;
21.3;?;Narine to Marsh, no run tosses this offbreak, blocked back to Narine;
21.2;?;Narine to Marsh, no run follows the offbreak with an off-stump knuckle ball, squirted out;
21.1;?;Narine to Marsh, no run floated and turns in, hits the pad outside off? Inside edge? Umpire Llong turns down the appeal. Narine wants to challenge the decision. It would have hit the leg stump. It is a legal ball. No inside snick involved. Kisses the pad and drops in front of slip. Hit the pad marginally outside off;
20.6;?;Benn to Warner, no run heading down leg, deflected to short fine leg;
20.5;?;Benn to Warner, no run turns in short on middle, played back to Benn;
20.4;?;Benn to Warner, no run slid in on off, Warner does not have enough room to cut. He chops to cover;
20.3;1;Benn to Marsh, 1 run pushed through the cover-point region for one;
20.2;?;Benn to Marsh, no run tossed on off and turns away, poked out to point off the outer half;
20.1;1;Benn to Warner, 1 run tucked off the hips to midwicket;
19.6;?;Narine to Marsh, no run another offbreak, inside-edged onto the pad;
19.5;?;Narine to Marsh, no run another offbreak, defensive prod from Marsh;
19.4;W;Narine to Maxwell, OUT Narine takes down Maxi for a duck! Big offbreak, rips in from outside off, shoots through the gate and nails the off stump. Maxi aimed a cover drive and missed. Two wickets in three balls for Narine. He still has the fizz;Glenn Maxwell b Narine 0 (3m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
19.3;?;Narine to Maxwell, no run off-stump ball, dabbed to cover;
19.2;W;Narine to Smith, OUT Narine returns and strikes! Umpire Llong's finger goes up. Was that doing too much? Looked so. Biting offbreak, tossed full, from Narine, Smith is deceived and is rapped on the front pad in line with the stumps. Perhaps, curling down leg. Smith has to go though. He could have review it. The tracker confirms that it was slipping down leg;Steven Smith lbw b Narine 6 (10m 10b 1x4 0x6) SR: 60;
19.1;?;Narine to Smith, no run floater outside off, dabbed to cover on the front foot;
18.6;?;Benn to Warner, no run slider on off, cramps the left-hander for room. He looks to cut a not o short ball and nearly chops it back on;
18.5;?;Benn to Warner, no run flighted and straight, worked to short midwicket;
18.4;1;Benn to Smith, 1 run shorter and outside off, chopped to point for one;
18.3;?;Benn to Smith, no run loopier and dips on off, Smith walks forward and taps it back to Benn;
18.2;4;Benn to Smith, FOUR runs Smith surges down the track, meets the pitch of this full ball, and belts it back over the bowler's head;
18.1;?;Benn to Smith, no run drifts on off and turns away, dabbed with soft hands to short third man;
17.6;1;Brathwaite to Smith, 1 run pitched up on off, Smith drives a single to mid-on. They take on Benn's arm;
17.5;?;Brathwaite to Smith, no run back of a length and quicker outside off, Smith gets on top of the bounce and solidly punches to short extra cover;
17.4;?;Brathwaite to Smith, no run slower ball, cuts in just a shade outside off, check-pushed back to the bowler;
17.3;?;Brathwaite to Smith, no run back of a length on middle, Smith shuffles across and works to square leg;
17.2;1;Brathwaite to Warner, 1 run back of a length on middle, Warner goes a shade outside leg, drops it to mid-off, and sets off;
17.1;?;Brathwaite to Warner, no run full and angled in on middle from round the wicket, Warner defends it to short midwicket;
16.6;W;Benn to Khawaja, OUT Benn gets Khawaja. Rather, Khawaja gives it away. Subdued celebrations. Drifts outside leg, sticks in the surface. Khawaja flicks early and spoons a catch to short midwicket;Usman Khawaja c Holder b Benn 27 (41m 38b 5x4 0x6) SR: 71.05;
16.5;?;Benn to Khawaja, no run sliding down leg, tickled to short fine leg;
16.4;?;Benn to Khawaja, no run Benn drifts this into middle, Khawaja sits back and pokes an inside edge to leg;
16.3;1;Benn to Warner, 1 run Warner steps out and gets deceived in flight. He drags an inside edge to the midwicket region;
16.2;?;Benn to Warner, no run chopped from middle stump to point. Warner backed away outside leg and played it;
16.1;?;Benn to Warner, no run tossed and full on middle, crisply driven to cover;
15.6;?;Brathwaite to Khawaja, no run looks like a cutter outside off, 109ks, check-pushed to cover;
15.5;?;Brathwaite to Khawaja, no run full and angled in from round the wicket to Khawaja. Stops a bit on him. Dropped gently into the pitch;
15.4;1;Brathwaite to Warner, 1 run short on middle from over the wicket, patted to cover for one;
15.3;1;Brathwaite to Khawaja, 1 run veering into the pads, clipped to fine leg;
15.2;4;Brathwaite to Khawaja, FOUR runs shot! Languid. A tad overpitched on middle, Khawaja flows forward and drives it ram-rod straight down the ground;
15.1;1;Brathwaite to Warner, 1 run back of a length and angled in on middle from round the wicket, Warner backs away slightly and punches a single to mid-off;
14.6;?;Narine to Khawaja, no run and again, beaten on the outside edge by some turn;
14.5;?;Narine to Khawaja, no run slower and wide, some flight, some turn. Left;
14.4;?;Narine to Khawaja, no run shorter and wider, chopped into Ramdin's body;
14.3;?;Narine to Khawaja, no run beauty. Tossed up outside off, Khawaja strides forward but is beaten;
14.2;2;Narine to Khawaja, 2 runs full and wide, crisply driven to deep cover for a couple;
14.1;?;Narine to Khawaja, no run some flight outside off, Khawaja goes back to push to cover;
13.6;2;Brathwaite to Warner, 2 runs fantastic running. Shortish and wide, crunched behind point and the first call was "two". He made it back easily;
13.5;?;Brathwaite to Warner, no run Khawaja sold his partner there. Back of a length on leg, the ball hits Warner's thigh pad and ricochets into Brathwaite's follow-through. Khawaja sets off and then says no. Warner makes it back though;
13.4;2;Brathwaite to Warner, 2 runs fullish on off, steered past point and Warner gets back for the second with ease;
13.3;?;Brathwaite to Warner, no run a good length on off, chopped to point;
13.2;1;Brathwaite to Khawaja, 1 run too short on middle. Pulled to deep square leg;
13.1;?;Brathwaite to Khawaja, no run tight line outside off, skewed to midwicket;
12.6;?;Narine to Warner, no run overpitched on middle and leg, defended;
12.5;1;Narine to Khawaja, 1 run tossed up on off and Khawaja presents the full face of the bat to drive to long-off;
12.4;?;Narine to Khawaja, no run the knuckle ball on off, Khawaja reads it and defends;
12.3;1;Narine to Warner, 1 run slapped. On the bounce to long-off. Narine, from around the wicket, floats one up outside off;
12.2;1;Narine to Khawaja, 1 run too straight, leg side-ish. Khawaja sweeps to deep backward square leg;
12.1;1;Narine to Warner, 1 run tossed up on off, drilled to long-off;
11.6;?;Holder to Khawaja, no run better comeback. Good length outside off and Khawaja blocks;
11.5;4;Holder to Khawaja, FOUR runs another one. Four more. Too straight from holder, over-compensates and Khawaja nurdles to the fine leg boundary again;
11.4;4;Holder to Khawaja, FOUR runs strays on middle and leg. Khawaja gets a fine tickle on that and sends the ball to the fine leg boundary. Easily done;
11.3;?;Holder to Khawaja, no run rather full on off, stylishly driven to mid-off;
11.2;?;Holder to Khawaja, no run good length on off, cramping Khawaja for any room. Flicked to midwicket. Good lines;
11.1;1;Holder to Warner, 1 run shot! Shortish on middle, Warner swivel-pulls to deep square leg;
10.6;?;Narine to Khawaja, no run the knuckle ball to finish. Full on off, blocked confiedently;
10.5;1;Narine to Warner, 1 run tossed up on middle and leg, inside edged towards fine leg for another run;
10.4;1;Narine to Khawaja, 1 run strays down leg, swept away towards short fine leg who gets a hand on the diving stop;
10.3;?;Narine to Khawaja, no run beaten on the outside edge. Lots and lots of turn from leg/middle to outside off. Nicely bowled;
10.2;?;Narine to Khawaja, no run some flight on middle and off, Khawaja stays back to defend;
10.1;1;Narine to Warner, 1 run tossed up on off, punched to deep cover;
9.6;?;Holder to Khawaja, no run a smooth drive to cover to end the over;
9.5;?;Holder to Khawaja, no run fullish length outside off, blocked into the off side;
9.4;4;Holder to Khawaja, FOUR runs nice stroke. Too full and Khawaja leans on the drive and easily threads the gap at cover. Decent timing too;
9.3;?;Holder to Khawaja, no run overpitched on off, driven into the off side;
9.2;1;Holder to Warner, 1 run slogged to midwicket. Wanted to go straight but the ball skewed off the inside half to midwicket, Pollard lets the ball go through with a naughty misfield;
9.1;?;Holder to Warner, no run full on off, blocked into the off side. A loud yelp of "no";
8.6;?;Narine to Khawaja, no run started that wider outside leg. Hence, Khawaja went back and kept it out easily;
8.5;?;Narine to Khawaja, no run flatter outside off, the knuckle ball, comes back in to off. Khawaja chops a cut to point;
8.4;?;Narine to Khawaja, no run slowish on off, short enough for Khawaja to go back and play to point;
8.3;?;Narine to Khawaja, no run ooh, huge turn. Khawaja plays back, the ball goes easily past the outside edge;
8.2;?;Narine to Khawaja, no run too full on off, blocked;
8.1;1;Narine to Warner, 1 run shortish and wide outside off, slapped to long-off;
7.6;4;Holder to Khawaja, FOUR runs around the wicket, Holder digs one in with short fine leg in place. Khawaja gets outside the line and just helps it on its way with a nice pull. Past that fielder for four, easy.;
7.5;?;Holder to Khawaja, no run fullish outside off, squirted to point;
7.4;W;Holder to Finch, OUT plumb in front! Full and straight, Finch shuffles across, trying to flick over midwicket but just plain misses a straight one. The umpire's finger was up quicker than I could say out. Easy decision, Finch doesn't bother reviewing.;Aaron Finch lbw b Holder 19 (33m 30b 4x4 0x6) SR: 63.33;
7.3;?;Holder to Finch, no run good length and straight, blocked;
7.2;?;Holder to Finch, no run back of a length, swerving back towards middle and leg. Finch misses his tuck. Hits him high on the pad;
7.1;3;Holder to Warner, 3 runs fullish and wide, cracked through the point region for three more. Just keeps finding gaps, somehow.;
6.6;?;Benn to Finch, no run blocked off the front foot;
6.5;?;Benn to Finch, no run ooh, Finch beaten on the inside edge and a big appeal ensues as bat hits pad. Too leg side-ish for consideration;
6.4;?;Benn to Finch, no run fuller this time and wide outside off, the ball beats the bat;
6.3;?;Benn to Finch, no run shortens the length on off, turns away. Finch taps to point;
6.2;4;Benn to Finch, FOUR runs excellent shot. Overpitched outside off, Finch opens up his stance and pummels the drive over cover with such ease.;
6.1;?;Benn to Finch, no run ooh, lots of turn. Slightly short and wide outside off, the ball waits and rips past the outside edge;
5.6;2;Taylor to Warner, 2 runs shortish on off, Warner manufactures a stroke by jumping out of the way and opening the face to dab to third man. He hustles back for the second, fantastic stuff;
5.5;1lb;Taylor to Finch, 1 leg bye good length on middle, off the pad to square leg. A direct hit but Warner has strolled in;
5.4;?;Taylor to Finch, no run better from Taylor. Using the cutter on off, 125 kph. Defended;
5.3;?;Taylor to Finch, no run a half-volley on middle is punched to mid-on who fumbles but no run;
5.2;?;Taylor to Finch, no run too straight, worked to square leg;
5.1;1;Taylor to Warner, 1 run shortish on middle, pulled to square leg for a run;
4.6;4;Narine to Finch, FOUR runs swept away for four. Tossed up on off, Finch gets low and places the stroke behind square for four. Really good timing;
4.5;1;Narine to Warner, 1 run overpitched on leg, Warner doesn't need to do much to smother the spin and clip to square leg for a run;
4.4;4;Narine to Warner, FOUR runs shot! Short! Too much width and Warner carves one through backward point for four. Fantastic placement. Warner is in some form;
4.3;?;Narine to Warner, no run shorter, still gets plenty of turn on that outside off. Warner pats it back;
4.2;?;Narine to Warner, no run some flight on middle, blocked;
4.1;2;Narine to Warner, 2 runs flat on middle and leg, nurdled in the gap at backward square leg for a couple. Good placement;
3.6;?;Taylor to Finch, no run full and straight, clipped to midwicket;
3.5;2;Taylor to Finch, 2 runs drifts down leg and flicked to fine leg. Exceptional running and two is easily made;
3.4;4;Taylor to Finch, FOUR runs and again. Poor bowling. Rather full, straight. Easy pickings for Finch as he whips another one through midwicket. To the other side of the square leg fielder. Runs flowing for Aus.;
3.3;4;Taylor to Finch, FOUR runs too straight and smashed. Phew, what timing on that. Just a flick and it whistled past square leg. First shot of such timing all day;
3.2;?;Taylor to Finch, no run a yorker on leg stump, flicked to midwicket;
3.1;1;Taylor to Warner, 1 run shortish on off, Warner stays tall and steers a cut to third man. Played that nicely;
2.6;?;Narine to Finch, no run 83 kph on off, Narine bowls a maiden. Finch backs away, trying to cut through point but mis-times to cover;
2.5;?;Narine to Finch, no run nice bowling. Much fuller on off, prodded away by Finch. Aus need not do more against Narine;
2.4;?;Narine to Finch, no run Narine pushes it fuller and Finch comes forward, a thick inside edge to fine leg;
2.3;?;Narine to Finch, no run more turn on off and middle, Finch is persistent on that back foot, backing away. Pushes to mid-off, a bit of miscommunication with Warner;
2.2;?;Narine to Finch, no run flatter trajectory on middle, whipped to midwicket;
2.1;?;Narine to Finch, no run flat and straight, a turning offbreak is pushed back to Finch;
1.6;4;Taylor to Warner, FOUR runs scythed through point. Not excellently timed but enough for Warner to get four. Too full, Warner drives from the crease and threads the gap at point. Nice stroke.;
1.5;?;Taylor to Warner, no run too straight this time and easily flicked away towards midwicket who puts in a good diving stop;
1.4;?;Taylor to Warner, no run quite full outside off, driven into the cover region;
1.3;1;Taylor to Finch, 1 run nice lines. Fullish on off and middle, squeezed to midwicket. Even with a direct it at the batsman's end, Warner is comfortably in. A good run again;
1.2;?;Taylor to Finch, no run good length outside off, some away swing. Loosely pushed to cover;
1.1;1;Taylor to Warner, 1 run nice running. A good length delivery, coming back in. There is no boundary to be hit, so Warner pushes to cover and sets off for one. Superb;
0.6;?;Narine to Finch, no run Ramdin thinks he has Finch. Maybe not. Slower outside off, Finch tries to go over cover but fails to connect. Finch's back foot was out but he dragged it back just in time. Just a smidgen behind. Nice keeping from Ramdin;
0.5;?;Narine to Finch, no run ooh, the offbreak. Finch backed away and exposed his stumps. Hit it back;
0.4;?;Narine to Finch, no run flat on middle and leg, clipped to midwicket where Pollard makes a diving stop;
0.3;1;Narine to Warner, 1 run slower offbreak outside off, Warner misjudged the length but went back to drive to long-off;
0.2;4;Narine to Warner, FOUR runs shortish delivery on off, a rank long-hop is pulled with disdain to the midwicket boundary. Easy pickings;
0.1;?;Narine to Warner, no run a flat delivery on middle to start, Warner comes forward and blocks solidly;

3.55pm Thanks Deiva. We are back for the chase. Will be a short 35-minute period before the dinner break. WI have no other option but going to Sunil Narine, here he is. Warner's on strike, his opening partner is Aaron Finch.
 Innings Start
West Indies
Australia
2nd Match (D/N), Providence, Jun 5 2016, West Indies Tri-Nation Series
116
117/4
Player of the match is Nathan Lyon, AUS
Australia won by 6 wickets (with 146 balls remaining)
