Data
Sri Lanka will chase 152 to win. On the whole, Australia will be pleased with what they have done since the rain break, but Sri Lanka are still the favourites to win here. That Australia have a chance is down to David Hussey. In a sense, Australia must be relieved that there was a rain break. They would have struggled to bat out 50 overs after losing their top six cheaply, and the adjustments have cost them almost nothing in hindsight. We'll be back by about 7.45 pm for the chase, in the meantime, Dan Brettig's report is getting updated here.
40.5;W;Malinga to Starc, OUT Kulasekara hits the stumps now down, but has Starc made it? Nope. Another full ball, Starc works it to mid-on and sets off. Kulasekara bounds in and fires in the throw to the bowler's end. Starc is out by half a foot. The CB series should be renamed the Run-out series.;Mitchell Starc run out (Kulasekara) 17 (46m 24b 2x4 0x6) SR: 70.83;
40.4;1;Malinga to Doherty, 1 run yorker but wide of off stump now, the X-man manages to steer it through point for a single.;
40.3;?;Malinga to Doherty, no run back of a length slower ball at 124 kph, Doherty misses the cut.;
40.2;?;Malinga to Doherty, no run gets a really good yorker in. Doherty did well to ensure there was no damage, jamming down on it and playing it down the track.;
40.1;1;Malinga to Starc, 1 run pitched well up on the stumps, Starc gets an inside edge through square leg for a single.;
39.6;1;Perera to Starc, 1 run full toss wide of off stump, Starc slaps it down the ground for a single to long-off.;
39.5;1;Perera to Doherty, 1 run back of a length outside off stump, Doherty taps to the off side for a single.;
39.4;1;Perera to Starc, 1 run goes full and angles in towards the pads. Starc lashes it to long-on for a single.;
39.3;?;Perera to Starc, no run short ball, Starc pulls it straight to midwicket. Another dot ball.;
39.2;W;Perera to Hussey, OUT at long last, Thisara has got DJ caught deep on the off side. He should have had him with his first ball today. Another full ball angling across wide of off stump, Hussey had to reach out and try to carve it in the air. He picked out the sweeper on the off side, who took the catch well. DJ has played his part here, reviving Australia from the doldrums. They have a chance now.;David Hussey c Thirimanne b Perera 58 (90m 64b 6x4 0x6) SR: 90.62;
39.1;?;Perera to Hussey, no run I can't believe he got away with that. Slings this one wide of off stump, and there's no way DJ could have reached it. Wide not called.;
38.6;1;Kulasekara to Hussey, 1 run superb comeback from Kula after the freebie off the first ball. Slow legcutter, DJ quietly pushes to the off side and gets a single to retain strike.;
38.5;1;Kulasekara to Starc, 1 run drives a full ball powerfully down the ground, but long-off is back. Only a single.;
38.4;?;Kulasekara to Starc, no run another dot, Starc is messing up the Powerplay over. He can't lay bat on a full ball angled across outside off.;
38.3;?;Kulasekara to Starc, no run length ball to Starc, he tries to slap it to the leg side and gets it to bounce over Kula, but there's protection at mid-on.;
38.2;1;Kulasekara to Hussey, 1 run pitched up on the stumps, DJ muscles it down to long-on for a single. They think of the second, but the return is good and quick.;
38.1;4;Kulasekara to Hussey, FOUR runs Kula's done this a few times today. Another one slips down the leg side, and DJ happily works it down to fine leg for four. The protection was inside the circle, once it went to his right it was always four.;
21.6;?;Perera to Hussey, no run lets another one go outside off as Thisara probes away outside off.;
21.5;?;Perera to Hussey, no run back of a length outside off stump, David lets it go.;
21.4;?;Perera to Hussey, no run full length wide of off stump, driven solidly off the front foot.;
21.3;1;Perera to Christian, 1 run gets the single this time with an airy flick through midwicket.;
21.2;4;Perera to Christian, FOUR runs and over-pitched now, Christian was waiting for the drive and played it quite beautifully through mid-off.;
21.1;1;Perera to Hussey, 1 run Malinga's dropped him! Sri Lanka's first blemish in the field. Short and wide from Thisara, David got under it and slashed it in the air towards third man. The ball didn't go too high, but it was going straight to Malinga, who couldn't hold on as it sailed into his lap. Hussey had given up, he looked gutted as it went towards Malinga. And then ...;
20.6;?;Maharoof to Christian, no run leans out to a fuller length ball and defends to the covers again.;
20.5;?;Maharoof to Christian, no run slower ball, short of a length wide of off stump and Christian lets it go.;
20.4;?;Maharoof to Christian, no run full length ball to welcome Dan Christian, who defends off the front foot.;
20.3;W;Maharoof to Forrest, OUT Things getting worse for Australia. At this rate, this game will be over before the rain comes. Maharoof keeps it on a nagging line just outside off, and Forrest flirts with it perilously. The ball kisses the outside edge and settles in the hands of the widish fly slip, who couldn't have been positioned more accurately.;Peter Forrest c Mathews b Maharoof 16 (42m 26b 3x4 0x6) SR: 61.53;
20.2;1;Maharoof to Hussey, 1 run width again, David cuts it hard behind point, but Dilshan dives away to parry it and save the boundary.;
20.1;4;Maharoof to Hussey, FOUR runs banged away. Whoa, these Hussey's have really good bottom hands. Short ball from Maharoof, landed back of a length outside off. David stays back and slaps it disdainfully through midwicket for four.;
37.6;?;Malinga to Starc, no run slower ball to end the over, Starc defends it down the track.;
37.6;5w;Malinga to Starc, 5 wide The Malinga meltdown continues. He thumps down a bouncer that takes off well over the batsman and Sanga. Five wides. Horrible bowling. The rain seems to have put the radar out of operation.;
37.5;?;Malinga to Starc, no run length ball, sent down wide of off stump. Starc doesn't bite, he lets it go.;
37.4;1;Malinga to Hussey, 1 run offcutter on middle and off, at long last DJ relinquishes strike. He works this down to long-on for one.;
37.3;2;Malinga to Hussey, 2 runs another slower ball, DJ cuts it efficiently into the covers and charges back for a fine fifty. This is turning into a breakthrough series for the younger Hussey. Really showing his worth here.;
37.2;?;Malinga to Hussey, no run very slow slower ball, comes through at 100 kph and DJ is beaten as he tries to jab at it. That hit the seam and bounced extra.;
37.1;?;Malinga to Hussey, no run short of a length outside off, Malinga wants to give DJ a single, but DJ refuses it. He cracks it to deep cover, and turns down the run.;
36.6;1;Kulasekara to Hussey, 1 run DJ goes back to a very straight ball and dabs it to the right of Sanga for a single. He will keep strike.;
36.5;1;Kulasekara to Starc, 1 run on the pads now, Starc tucks it through square leg for one more.;
36.4;4;Kulasekara to Starc, FOUR runs well, Sri Lanka's fielding has been a bit Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde today. Chandimal over-runs a regulation save at deep backward point now, slipping and sliding on the greasy outfield. Width outside off, Starc hacks it efficiently behind point and has four.;
36.3;?;Kulasekara to Starc, no run tries a cheeky steer to third man now and is beaten for pace as Kula angles one across.;
36.2;?;Kulasekara to Starc, no run back of a length outside off stump, Starc defends to the off side.;
36.1;1;Kulasekara to Hussey, 1 run slow legcutter, driven with the deviation towards mid-off, and Mahela is on the prowl once again. He dives to save the boundary.;
35.6;?;Malinga to Starc, no run back of a length on the middle and leg line, Starc easily drives to the leg side.;
35.5;?;Malinga to Starc, no run he gets the yorker going now, but Starc has no problem jamming down on it.;
35.4;1;Malinga to Hussey, 1 run slower ball wide of off stump, you almost saw it coming. DJ waits and steers to third man yet again for a single.;
35.3;4;Malinga to Hussey, FOUR runs bumper now, DJ's milking Malinga with authority. How costly are those two drops going to prove? He clambers on top of the bounce here and slaps it down through midwicket. Superb batting.;
35.2;2;Malinga to Hussey, 2 runs over-pitches it this time. DJ opens up the off side and drives powerfully through the covers for two more.;
35.1;4;Malinga to Hussey, FOUR runs The yorkers haven't been working today, another low full toss from Malinga, and DJ bunts it straight between the bowler and mid-on. Mahela makes a big effort, but he wasn't straight enough to stop that.;
34.6;?;Perera to Starc, no run Dilshan's not letting anything go past him at point. Wow fielding, this. Short ball outside off, Starc chops it powerfully, but Dilshan flies to his left to stop it.;
34.5;?;Perera to Starc, no run Thisara beats Starc outside off with a slower ball, he tries to guide him through the off side but the ball snakes past.;
34.4;1;Perera to Hussey, 1 run another legcutter, but it is too slow to bother DJ who tucks it square for one. Starc, for some reason seemed to think there was a second, but he changed his mind in the nick of time.;
34.3;1;Perera to Starc, 1 run short of a length outside off stump. Starc is looking the part, he waits and dabs it to third man for a single.;
34.2;1;Perera to Hussey, 1 run slow legcutter now, DJ drops it to the off side for a single.;
34.1;?;Perera to Hussey, no run starts with a slower ball, of the full offspinning variety. DJ spots it and defends back to the bowler.;
33.6;2;Malinga to Starc, 2 runs slower ball, if you can call 130 kph slow. Starc spots it and works it wide of mid-on, and is resourceful enough to come back for two, handing the strike over to DJ in the process.;
33.5;1;Malinga to Hussey, 1 run slower ball, back of a length and glided off the face of the bat towards third man.;
33.4;?;Malinga to Hussey, no run another full ball outside off, DJ hits it to Mathews again, this time along the ground.;
33.3;?;Malinga to Hussey, no run dropped by Mathews at short extra cover. it went dead straight at him, but he is standing close in, and that was hit quite hard. Full ball, punched off the middle. Straight in, straight out.;
33.2;2;Malinga to Hussey, 2 runs well run! DJ charges through for the second after working Malinga with soft hands through midwicket. Herath took a while getting rid of the ball after running in for the deep and that was enough for Starc to make it.;
33.1;?;Malinga to Hussey, no run there, DJ refuses the single off the first ball of Malinga's over. Full ball outside off, driven to the sweeper on the off side. No run taken.;
32.6;1;Herath to Hussey, 1 run DJ keeps strike with a nurdled single through square leg.;
32.5;?;Herath to Hussey, no run DJ tries to push a single into the off side, but finds short extra cover.;
32.4;1;Herath to Starc, 1 run another slider across Starc, who stays back and pushes to the off side for one.;
32.3;4;Herath to Starc, FOUR runs he bowls a bit like the other Mitch, and his batting isn't much different either. Starc goes down and heaves with the turn through wide mid-off, and Maharoof makes a hash of things on the deep to let the ball go through his legs to the boundary.;
32.2;?;Herath to Starc, no run drifts one across the left hander from round the stumps, and it slides past the nervous outside edge.;
32.1;1;Herath to Hussey, 1 run back of a length outside off stump, DJ pushes him into the covers for a single.;
31.6;?;Malinga to Starc, no run slower ball to Starc, he pushes uncertainly and plays it uppishly towards point.;
31.5;1;Malinga to Hussey, 1 run short of a length, slower ball outside off. DJ watches it closely and steers to third man for a single.;
31.4;?;Malinga to Hussey, no run pitched up at 142 kph, DJ drives well but finds Angelo Mathews at extra cover.;
31.3;?;Malinga to Hussey, no run low full toss to DJ, who inner-edges the flick onto the pad.;
31.2;W;Malinga to Lee, OUT Sri Lanka are unstoppable on the field! Thisara Perera pulls off another special run out, this time all by himself. Over-pitched outside off, Lee drives wide of mid-off and goes for the single. Thisara cuts the angle quickly as he approaches the ball and hurls it down at the stumps at the bowler's end. Dead-eye. Lee is out by a yard. Gone for a nine-ball blob.;Brett Lee run out (Perera) 0 (10m 9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
31.1;1;Malinga to Hussey, 1 run Mahela shies at the stumps, but this time he misses. He was magnificent against India the other day. Slower ball on middle and off, DJ works it wide of mid-on and sets off. Mahela sprints in and flicks it at the stumps, but misses. DJ is in, in any case.;
30.6;?;Herath to Lee, no run another dot ball, Lee presses forward and pushes straight to cover.;
30.5;?;Herath to Lee, no run angled in towards middle and leg, Lee keeps it out.;
30.4;?;Herath to Lee, no run tries the quicker one, Lee defends off the front foot, and gets bat on it.;
30.3;?;Herath to Lee, no run that drifted in, Lee was advancing, and managed to adjust and play it back to the bowler.;
30.2;?;Herath to Lee, no run tossed up to Lee who defends watchfully.;
30.1;1;Herath to Hussey, 1 run armer again, DJ goes back and hacks into the off side for a single. Malinga sends a woeful return to the keeper.;
29.6;?;Perera to Lee, no run short of a length outside off, defended to the off side.;
29.5;?;Perera to Lee, no run Lee gets a leading edge now, closing the face a touch early on a full ball on the pads. It rolls out towards point.;
29.4;1;Perera to Hussey, 1 run DJ stays back and quietly drops the ball towards point for a single. Two balls for Clint to negotiate.;
29.3;?;Perera to Hussey, no run better line, cuts the room and DJ defends it back down the track.;
29.2;4;Perera to Hussey, FOUR runs short ball, crashed away. DJ is playing a menacing little hand here. There was width outside off for DJ to set himself up and crack it through backward point, and he did it without a fuss.;
29.1;2;Perera to Hussey, 2 runs full length ball to DJ, who punches fluently into the covers for a couple.;
28.6;?;Herath to Lee, no run tossed up on off stump, Lee leans out to defend.;
28.5;W;Herath to McKay, OUT on your bike, young man. Classic left-arm deception from Herath, whose tossed up the left-arm spinners all over. He slyly slides in the arm ball, faster and straight from a slightly shorter length this time. McKay didn't pick it as he thrust the pad forward and played outside the line. The ball thuds into the foam in line with off, and it seems to be crashing into middle.;Clint McKay lbw b Herath 3 (15m 15b 0x4 0x6) SR: 20;
28.4;2;Herath to McKay, 2 runs at long last, Herath concedes some runs. The ball slides towards the leg side and McKay tucks it square for two.;
28.3;?;Herath to McKay, no run slow and tossed up, McKay pushes it to mid off.;
28.2;?;Herath to McKay, no run inside edge saves McKay as he looks to flick and plays the full ball onto the boot.;
28.1;?;Herath to McKay, no run another dot from Herath. McKay defends off the front foot into the off side.;
27.6;2;Perera to Hussey, 2 runs different fielder at third man, this time it is Maharoof. He collects DJ's glide cleanly but it is placed well enough for two.;
27.5;?;Perera to Hussey, no run straighter from Thisara, DJ covers the line well and defends.;
27.4;2;Perera to Hussey, 2 runs too much width, DJ carves it away behind point to Malinga at third man... And he fumbles again! The ball might be greasy, but no excuse for that one. A second run conceded. He did get a bad bounce after going down and setting up the long barrier, though.;
27.3;1;Perera to McKay, 1 run quick and bends the back on this one. McKay adjusts well to open the face and guide it to third man for one.;
27.2;?;Perera to McKay, no run looks to cut a short ball, but he's beaten for pace though it wasn't a particularly fast ball.;
27.1;?;Perera to McKay, no run back of a length outside off, McKay stays in the crease and defends to the off side.;
26.6;?;Herath to Hussey, no run good start from Herath, a maiden. He gets DJ's leading edge with curl and loop, but it goes safely to the off side.;
26.5;?;Herath to Hussey, no run straight and full length, defended off the front foot.;
26.4;?;Herath to Hussey, no run short ball, DJ slices it straight to Chandimal at point.;
26.3;?;Herath to Hussey, no run slow and loopy, DJ goes back and defends to the off side.;
26.2;?;Herath to Hussey, no run fuller, curling in from wide of the crease, driven with the turn into the off side.;
26.1;?;Herath to Hussey, no run full length, DJ goes back in the crease and defends down the track.;
25.6;1;Perera to Hussey, 1 run another one of those Jadeja drives from DJ, there's a sweeper back this time and he gets the single.;
25.5;?;Perera to Hussey, no run length ball, shaping in slightly as DJ looks to get forward. He pushes it to mid-off, still no single.;
25.4;?;Perera to Hussey, no run over-pitched, DJ tries another booming drive but this one is too full for him.;
25.3;?;Perera to Hussey, no run similar ball wide of off stump, David lets it go once more.;
25.2;?;Perera to Hussey, no run back of a length wide of off stump, this time DJ lets it go.;
25.1;4;Perera to Hussey, FOUR runs ah, vintage David Hussey. His walking cover drive, where the footwork includes two steps down the pitch for the single, much like Ajay Jadeja used to do it. What deliciously good timing, too.;
24.6;?;Herath to McKay, no run armer, half an appeal for lbw as McKay leans out to defend. Bat or pad first? Seemed like the former.;
24.5;?;Herath to McKay, no run tossed up on the stumps, defended again;
24.4;?;Herath to McKay, no run angled into middle and off line, and it is pushed off the front foot.;
24.3;?;Herath to McKay, no run curled in from wide of the crease, and it is pushed off the front foot into the mid-off area.;
24.2;1;Herath to Hussey, 1 run on DJ's pads, he nudges with the angle through square leg for one.;
24.1;?;Herath to Hussey, no run tossed up on off stump and straightening. Defended off the front foot.;
24.1;1w;Herath to Hussey, 1 wide slings the first ball down the leg side, and it is called wide.;
23.6;?;Perera to McKay, no run back of a length outside off, Mckay gets behind the line and defends.;
23.5;?;Perera to McKay, no run wide of off stump, McKay shoulders arms.;
23.4;?;Perera to McKay, no run full length from Perera, McKay pushes it wide of mid-off off the front foot.;
23.3;W;Perera to Christian, OUT Another one bites the dust. Thisara has pinned Christian in front with an indipper. He was looking to get across to middle stump and work it to leg, but the ball burst through to hit the pad. Was it missing leg stump? I want to see a replay of that. Right, Hawk-Eye shows it would have missed leg stump.;Dan Christian lbw b Perera 6 (11m 13b 1x4 0x6) SR: 46.15;
23.2;?;Perera to Christian, no run back of a length again, defended from the crease into the off side.;
23.1;?;Perera to Christian, no run short of a length from Thisara, Christian covers the line and defends down the track.;
22.6;?;Maharoof to Hussey, no run Hussey looks to cut a wide ball and misses it. Through to Sanga safely.;
22.5;1;Maharoof to Christian, 1 run slow legcutter at 111 kph, Christian waits and tucks behind square on the leg side for one.;
22.4;?;Maharoof to Christian, no run Christain plays it down watchfully this time, to the off side.;
22.3;?;Maharoof to Christian, no run Nearly another return catch for Maharoof, but it has gone down. Pitched up to Christian, who booms the straight drive in the air straight back. The ball was travelling and Maharoof did quite well to adjust and get his right hand out to the ball. But it didn't stick.;
22.2;?;Maharoof to Christian, no run keeps it on a perfect length outside off stump, and Christian defends.;
22.1;?;Maharoof to Christian, no run length ball wide of off stump, Hussey defends to the off side.;
19.6;4;Angelo Mathews to Forrest, FOUR runs Mathews strays onto the pads, Forrest gladly glances him with the angle for four through fine leg. Quite a few fours today have come off balls slipping down the leg side.;
19.5;3;Angelo Mathews to Hussey, 3 runs pitched up to David, who times a check drive into the covers really well. The ball slows down in the outfield, but David sprints back for three.;
19.4;1;Angelo Mathews to Forrest, 1 run Mathews gets the ball to nip in, but that doesn't prevent Forrest from steering behind point for a single.;
19.3;?;Angelo Mathews to Forrest, no run stays back in the crease and defends with the angle towards wide mid-on.;
19.2;?;Angelo Mathews to Forrest, no run attacks the pads with a full length, Forrest works it to the leg side.;
19.1;?;Angelo Mathews to Forrest, no run back of a length from Mathews, defended watchfully from the crease.;
18.6;?;Malinga to Hussey, no run short of a length from Malinga to end the over, Forrest lets it go to the keeper.;
18.5;?;Malinga to Hussey, no run short of a length wide of off stump, David watches it swing away and leaves.;
18.4;?;Malinga to Hussey, no run fuller length, draws David forward and he defends into the covers.;
18.3;?;Malinga to Hussey, no run back of a length outside off, David Hussey defends to the off side.;
18.2;1;Malinga to Forrest, 1 run much shorter length, the ball jumps up from a length and Forrest fends airily behind point. Second time he's done that today, but there's no one to catch.;
18.1;?;Malinga to Forrest, no run full and fast straight away, Forrest manages to squeeze it away.;
17.6;W;Angelo Mathews to Hussey, OUT and he's gone next ball. Mathews is beside himself with glee. He keeps this on a length just outside off, and Hussey tries to be cheeky as he plays a cut close to the body. The ball kisses the outside edge and heads straight into Sanga's gloves.;Michael Hussey c ?Sangakkara b Mathews 13 (23m 23b 1x4 1x6) SR: 56.52;
17.5;6;Angelo Mathews to Hussey, SIX runs smoking guns! Hussey has nailed that. Length ball from Mathews on a good inviting line on middle and leg. Hussey stays back and swings it merrily over midwicket, jabbed with clinical bottom hand muscle. The ball takes off.;
17.4;?;Angelo Mathews to Hussey, no run short now, Hussey chops it square and Dilshan springs up at point to stop it.;
17.3;?;Angelo Mathews to Hussey, no run Maharoof hares in from mid-off to cut away any thoughts of a single as Hussey pushes off the front foot.;
17.2;?;Angelo Mathews to Hussey, no run Hussey goes back in the crease and tucks to the leg side.;
17.1;?;Angelo Mathews to Hussey, no run full length from Angelo, lack of pace as he angles across, gets Hussey to inner edge to the leg side.;
16.6;1;Maharoof to Hussey, 1 run on the pads, Hussey tucks towards midwicket for a single. Drinks in Sydney.;
16.5;?;Maharoof to Hussey, no run short of a length on off stump, defended down the track.;
16.4;?;Maharoof to Hussey, no run back of a length on middle stump, Hussey turns it square carefully.;
16.3;?;Maharoof to Hussey, no run slower ball at 116 kph, wobbles away outside off stump and Hussey leaves. Unlike Malinga, this man uses the slower ball sparingly.;
16.2;?;Maharoof to Hussey, no run pad first? Maharoof appeals for an lbw after drawing Hussey forward on a push to the covers. Bat and pad were close together, but it might have been missing off in any case.;
16.1;?;Maharoof to Hussey, no run full length on Hussey's pads, turned away watchfully to the leg side.;
15.6;?;Angelo Mathews to Forrest, no run lets the last ball go wide of off stump, through to Sanga.;
15.5;?;Angelo Mathews to Forrest, no run full length outside off, Forrest leans out to meet it with a solid forward push.;
15.4;?;Angelo Mathews to Forrest, no run full length ball on middle and off, defends down the track.;
15.3;4;Angelo Mathews to Forrest, FOUR runs Forrest gets width and cracks the cut through the cover and point gap. Top timing, the ball screeches away. Watson is looking in great touch, time to remove the mask now.;
15.2;1;Angelo Mathews to Hussey, 1 run Hussey opens the face and steers to the off side for a single.;
15.1;?;Angelo Mathews to Hussey, no run Sanga goes up straight away for a caught behind, as he always does. Mathews joins in late, the umpire doesn't react. No edge on that. Hussey tried to steer and missed. And he looked back immediately, which once again debunks that stupid tell-tale sign myth. And Sanga, that was naughty!;
14.6;?;Maharoof to Forrest, no run superb lengths. Short of driving length outside off, Forrest can't do much except defend it to the off side.;
14.5;?;Maharoof to Forrest, no run full length on off stump, Forrest defends it down the track.;
14.4;?;Maharoof to Forrest, no run short of a length, Forrest goes back and steers to the off side.;
14.3;?;Maharoof to Forrest, no run on the pads, Forrest tries to tuck it square but can't get the single away.;
14.2;?;Maharoof to Forrest, no run holds the length back, Forrest moves across and defends to the off side.;
14.1;?;Maharoof to Forrest, no run Maharoof continues to plug away, on a length wide of off stump, and Forrest leaves.;
13.6;?;Angelo Mathews to Hussey, no run Hussey lets a length ball outside off go through to the keeper.;
13.5;1;Angelo Mathews to Forrest, 1 run another tight single.. Forrest goes back in the crease and works to the leg side. Hussey responds quickly and beats Chandimal's pick up and flick, which missed the stumps in any case.;
13.4;1;Angelo Mathews to Hussey, 1 run swings towards Hussey's pads and he tucks it behind square for a single.;
13.3;?;Angelo Mathews to Hussey, no run back of a length, Hussey stays on the crease and defends to the off side.;
13.2;1;Angelo Mathews to Forrest, 1 run short ball, Forrest adjusts and cuts, again uppish but safe, for a single.;
13.1;4;Angelo Mathews to Forrest, FOUR runs uppish but into the gap. Mathews sends down a slower ball to start off, Forrest plays a very Watson-esque comprehensive cover drive, but he plays it in the air, over wide mid-off for four.;
12.6;?;Maharoof to Hussey, no run back of a length to end the over, it is defended towards mid-off.;
12.5;?;Maharoof to Hussey, no run holds the length back, Hussey watches it closely and lets it go.;
12.4;4;Maharoof to Hussey, FOUR runs A Hussey special, that. Full length and angling across, Hussey beavers across and drives cleanly through the covers.;
12.3;?;Maharoof to Hussey, no run Mike opens the face as he leans out and defends.;
12.2;?;Maharoof to Hussey, no run full length, a touch wide of off stump, Mike Hussey lets it go again.;
12.1;?;Maharoof to Hussey, no run full length ball to Hussey, who defends off the front foot.;
11.6;?;Kulasekara to Forrest, no run Forrest defends a length ball carefully down the track.;
11.5;?;Kulasekara to Forrest, no run;
11.4;?;Kulasekara to Forrest, no run short of a length outside off, Forrest defends to the off side.;
11.3;W;Kulasekara to Wade, OUT Australia in a hole now. Wade's gone after a mix-up of epic proportions. Thisara Perera has done a Jonty Rhodes in the short cover region. Full length ball outside off, Wade pushed it into the covers, a good five yards to Thisara's right, but he moved like a panther and dived full length to gather it in his palm. Forrest saw Thisara moving and started reluctantly for the single, but chose to go full tilt after Thisara stopped it. Wade had already backed out, meaning both of them were stranded mid-pitch when Thisara had lobbed it to the bowler. Gone by a mile.;Matthew Wade run out (Perera/Kulasekara) 15 (53m 36b 1x4 0x6) SR: 41.66;
11.2;?;Kulasekara to Wade, no run gets him driving with a full length ball into the off side.;
11.1;?;Kulasekara to Wade, no run Wade opens the face and negotiates with another perfect delivery from Kula.;
10.6;?;Maharoof to Forrest, no run;
10.5;?;Maharoof to Forrest, no run wide of off stump, Forrest defends to the off side.;
10.4;W;Maharoof to Ponting, OUT and he's got him! Ponting's poor form extends. He's yet to get to 10 in this series. What a lovely slower ball that. Maharoof sucked Ponting into a drive down the ground with a 117 kph slower ball, and he played it right back at him. Maharoof put his hands up and snaffled it, this is such a fine comeback for him.;Ricky Ponting c & b Maharoof 2 (21m 10b 0x4 0x6) SR: 20;
10.3;?;Maharoof to Ponting, no run back of a length wide of off stump. Ponting lets it go to the keeper.;
10.2;1;Maharoof to Wade, 1 run fuller length, Wade draws himself forward into the drive and gets a single to mid-off.;
10.1;?;Maharoof to Wade, no run back of a length on middle and leg, Wade pushes it into the off side.;
9.6;?;Kulasekara to Ponting, no run needless cheekiness from Ponting, who tries to wait beside the line and steer a straight ball towards third man. Kula gets it to swing and beat him.;
9.5;1;Kulasekara to Wade, 1 run short ball, Wade waits in the crease and carts it towards midwicket, but SL have a sweeper back there. Single taken.;
9.4;1;Kulasekara to Ponting, 1 run full length ball, it swung in late as Ponting moved across for the flick. It went off a thick inner edge, uppishly, but into the gap at square leg.;
9.3;?;Kulasekara to Ponting, no run on a length outside off, Ponting is on the front foot as he defends.;
9.2;?;Kulasekara to Ponting, no run spongy bounce on a length ball wide of off stump. Ponting tries to carve it into the covers, but misses.;
9.1;1;Kulasekara to Wade, 1 run another run for Wade who opens the face and guides a length ball towards third man.;
8.6;1;Maharoof to Wade, 1 run back of a length outside leg stump, Wade turns it away square for a single.;
8.5;?;Maharoof to Wade, no run on the pads, Wade works it with the angle towards square leg.;
8.4;?;Maharoof to Wade, no run length ball wide of off stump, Wade defends watchfully to the off side.;
8.3;1;Maharoof to Ponting, 1 run ah, where's short leg when you need him? Ponting lunges and looks to defend as Maharoof swings it in, and it goes in the air to the leg side. They charge through for a single.;
8.2;?;Maharoof to Ponting, no run back of a length, Ponting moves confidently into the check drive.;
8.1;1;Maharoof to Wade, 1 run Wade didn't know much about that after shuffling across to a length ball. Works it off the inside edge behind square on the leg side for a single.;
7.6;?;Kulasekara to Ponting, no run pitched up and inviting the drive. Ponting leans out and punches to mid-off to end the over.;
7.5;?;Kulasekara to Ponting, no run Kula bends the ball in from wide of off stump, Ponting defends down the track as it comes in.;
7.4;1;Kulasekara to Wade, 1 run And now 10. Back of a length on the stumps, Wade goes back and tucks it towards wide mid-on for one.;
7.3;?;Kulasekara to Wade, no run pitches this up, Wade moves nicely into the drive but picks out short cover.;
7.2;?;Kulasekara to Wade, no run more line it, on the leg stump line, handcuffing Wade's scoring options. He defends down the track.;
7.1;4;Kulasekara to Wade, FOUR runs second gift of the morning from Kula. He'll be very cross. Another one outside leg, Wade nudges it with the angle through fine leg for four.;
6.6;1;Maharoof to Wade, 1 run Wade gets the single away, opening the face and steering behind point.;
6.5;?;Maharoof to Wade, no run good lengths these from Maharoof. 131 kph, doesn't offer anything to drive. Wade leaves.;
6.4;?;Maharoof to Wade, no run holds the length back, pushes Wade back and he defends to the off side.;
6.3;2;Maharoof to Wade, 2 runs Wade gets away with a frustrated loft that just eludes Mahela running back from mid-off. Lack of pace from Maharoof too, Wade can't get any timing on his lofted drive, but gets away with it.;
6.2;?;Maharoof to Wade, no run holds the length back, Wade is behind the line, and defends.;
6.1;?;Maharoof to Wade, no run length ball angled across the left hander from over the stumps. Wade leaves.;
5.6;1;Kulasekara to Wade, 1 run another one nips away, testing the left hander's resilience. Wade opens the face and steers behind point.;
5.5;?;Kulasekara to Wade, no run pitched up on a driving length, Wade whips with a strong bottom hand, but finds mid-on.;
5.4;?;Kulasekara to Wade, no run hmm, interesting leave. 126 kph and the ball swings away from middle and leg, quite close to off stump. Wade shoulders arms.;
5.3;?;Kulasekara to Wade, no run holds the length back again, Wade opens the face and defends to the off side.;
5.2;?;Kulasekara to Wade, no run full length, Wade is confidently behind the line as he defends down the track.;
5.1;?;Kulasekara to Wade, no run Kula continues to nip them across from leg stump. Wade defends to the off side.;
4.6;W;Malinga to Warner, OUT Malinga's hoodwinked Warner in some style here. The pace has yo-yoed from the mid 140s to the low 120s, without any discernible change in action. Warner wasn't spotting them, and tried to take a start down the track this time for the chip. Malinga's offcutter came in slow motion, and Warner was through the shot when it pinged the bat. Too late to properly check the shot. Warner tries to, but ends up popping it straight to Maharoof at mid-on.;David Warner c Maharoof b Malinga 13 (23m 21b 2x4 0x6) SR: 61.9;
4.5;?;Malinga to Warner, no run slower ball, back of a length, Warner defends to the off side.;
4.4;?;Malinga to Warner, no run you can't bowl a better yorker than that. Unless you are Garner or Waqar. It was full, it curved in and kept coming at him as Warner jammed down on it. He half-stopped it with the toe of his bat but it seemed to be rolling towards the stumps, before spinning away late!;
4.3;?;Malinga to Warner, no run good work from Thisara at short cover, he moves fast to parry a push-drive into the covers, and denies Warner a single.;
4.2;1;Malinga to Wade, 1 run Wade's away, chopping a length ball towards point for one.;
4.1;1;Malinga to Warner, 1 run he's bumped him now. Bouncer from Malinga, Warner took his eyes off it as he shaped to pull.. I think it came on slower than he thought, and he eventually fended it away instinctively. The ball spirals towards fine leg, but lands safe.;
4.1;5w;Malinga to Warner, 5 wide ohho, Malinga's lost it in a big way. He slings this one two yards down the leg side and it continues to go further down the leg side. He looks at his palm as soon as the ball goes out of it. Sweat? Sanga was in a different zip code.;
3.6;?;Kulasekara to Wade, no run Wade's still on 0. Defends with an angled face towards point to end the over.;
3.5;?;Kulasekara to Wade, no run what happened there? Clocked at 106 kph, but Kula got the ball to jump and cut away from Wade who was squared up as he struggled to cover the line.;
3.4;1;Kulasekara to Warner, 1 run tighter line, Warner nurdles to the leg side and Kula runs across to midwicket to field it. The field is set on the off side.;
3.3;4;Kulasekara to Warner, FOUR runs ah, a gift from Kula. That was too straight, with fine leg inside the circle. Warner tucks it past that fielder and the ball bounds away.;
3.2;?;Kulasekara to Warner, no run hint of width, Warner wants to whack it through the off side but can't beat point.;
3.1;?;Kulasekara to Warner, no run back of a length, Warner plays carefully to the off side.;
2.6;1;Malinga to Warner, 1 run gets the single away at long last, waiting for the slower ball and slapping wide of point for one.;
2.5;?;Malinga to Warner, no run full pace, full length and the inside edge. This is a good comeback from Malinga. Warner was clearly not ready for the change in pace and length, and looked to thrash through the off side without moving the feet. He gets a big inside edge onto his boot.;
2.4;?;Malinga to Warner, no run three in three. Warner spots this early and looks to cut, but finds point.;
2.3;?;Malinga to Warner, no run and again. 125 kph, the ball loops across and Warner looks to blaze away through the covers. He's undone by the lack of pace and loses his grip on the bat before the ball comes through.;
2.2;?;Malinga to Warner, no run slower ball at 125 kph... Warner was setting himself up for the big bash through the off side, but he had to check himself. Still got a bottom edge as he looked to defend.;
2.1;4;Malinga to Warner, FOUR runs crisp from Warner. Malinga misses the line with his yorker, it goes down the leg side and Warner politely clips it off the toes for the first four of the day.;
1.6;?;Kulasekara to Wade, no run an honest peach to end the over. Kula swerves it in the air, goes full and gets it to shape away late. Wade wades into the drive and misses, the ball did enough to beat the edge.;
1.5;?;Kulasekara to Wade, no run nice length, can't drive those. And it angles across once more. Wade defends it down the track.;
1.4;1;Kulasekara to Warner, 1 run gets Warner's edge with a full ball angling across late. Warner pokes at it, and the ball runs away fine.;
1.3;?;Kulasekara to Warner, no run goes straighter, gets the ball to angle across from wide of off stump. Warner defends towards mid off, uppish but ok. Remember Kula flying away for a caught and bowled the last time these sides played?;
1.2;?;Kulasekara to Warner, no run width, he gets away with it. Warner cuts it in front of square, but point jumps and saves.;
1.1;?;Kulasekara to Warner, no run back of a length from over the stumps, defended with an opened face towards point.;
0.6;?;Malinga to Wade, no run yorker at 137 kph wide of off stump, Wade digs it out towards cover point.;
0.5;?;Malinga to Wade, no run pitched up outside off stump, Wade moves nicely into a check drive into the covers.;
0.4;2lb;Malinga to Wade, 2 leg byes and the yorker, tails in late towards the leg stump as Wade tries to flick it away. He can't get bat on it, but they get a couple of leg byes away towards fine leg.;
0.3;?;Malinga to Wade, no run Wade opens the face and defends a full length ball towards point.;
0.2;1;Malinga to Warner, 1 run didn't take him long to go full, but Warner was ready. He steers it off the front foot wide of mid-off, and Mahela moves quickly and dives to the right to save a couple of runs.;
0.1;?;Malinga to Warner, no run back of a length from over the stumps, Warner defends carefully from the crease.;

Wade and Warner are out there, so Punter drops back to No. 3. He's in poor form, as is Warner. This is SL's chance. Here's Malinga, with one wide slip.
"Just about to get a storm in Wollongong. Should get to Sydney in a couple of hours." Thanks for the heads-up, Loot.
John: "How on earth has Brett Lee recovered from a broken toe so quickly? Don't want him to break it again this game, otherwise he will be out for a month. Let's also see if Ponting has gathered any rust from not being captain for 11 months." Even I am surprised by the speed of Lee's recovery, John!
Chappelli thinks this was a good toss to lose, especially for Sri Lanka, since they have left out the extra spinner (who would have preferred bowling second.) There's a thunderstorm predicted for later in the day, and potentially a D/L situation, which always favours the team chasing.
Meanwhile, Clarke has said his chances of playing in Brisbane on Sunday are bleak. So, we could have Ponting captaining again on the weekend.
Toss: "Yeah, we are gonna have a bat mate." - It's been a while since we heard that stentorian quip from Ricky Ponting. Australia win the toss and bat. Michael Hussey is back in, for Michael Clarke. Brett Lee is back too, Ryan Harris goes out. Xavier Doherty has recovered well, and keeps his spot, so Holland won't play for Australia.
Couple of changes for Sri Lanka too. Upul Tharanga's disastrous form has caught up with him. Lahiru Thirimanne resurfaces in the XI, and I wonder if he will open. Farveez Maharoof gets a game for SL after a long time, in Sachithra Senanayake's place.
Hola and welcome to the sixth game of the CB series, from Sydney. Sri Lanka quite badly need to get a win under the belt, and today could be a good opportunity - they have traditionally done well at this venue, and Australia are without their in-form, and inspirational captain Michael Clarke. Brydon Coverdale's preview has everything else you need to know about the game.
A hint of green on the grass, but Wasim Akram spots that it has been rolled in. Very good batting track with even bounce, is his verdict.
 Innings Start
Right, that winds up our coverage for today, with the series wide open. Here's hoping the second half of the league phase is just as intriguing. Dan Brettig's report is getting updated here, and we'll soon have lots of analyses from our on-field writers. Until the next game on Sunday, this is Nitin Sundar signing off on behalf of the ESPNcricinfo team. Cheers and bye!
Mahela: "When those two catches went down, I wondered if this was again one of those days, but we pulled it back really well. Our bowlers are capable of adapting to different conditions. The slower balls are all about getting it in the right place. We needed a start, I have done opening before, and thankfully it worked today. We knew we had to win today, the bonus point was the icing on the cake."
Man of the Match is Thisara Perera: "I am really happy to play in Sydney, this is my second match here. I am really happy" [He looks it too. Great call from the ABC commentators to reward him for the stupendous show today.]
Ponting: "The pitch didn't have the sort of pace we thought it had, and their bowlers capitalised. Wade's run out was costly. Full credit to Sri Lanka, they bowled and fielded really well, and played their shots in the chase. We thought we could use the seam of the ball and capitalise, but that wasn't the case. Hopefully Sunday is better than tonight!"
The Sri Lankans have absolutely stomped Australia here. I wonder how much more comprehensive this may have been, if David Hussey hadn't been dropped and Malinga had bowled properly in the death overs. The series is now wide open, and thank god for that. Could have been a complete bore-fest if SL lost today.
Here's the list of Australia's biggest defeats in terms of balls remaining. This is fifth in the list, and is Sri Lanka's biggest win against Australia. And to think the overs were reduced to 41...!
"An innings without runouts .. wow!" Indeed, Anansh.
"If David Hussey hadn't been dropped, there wouldn't have been death overs." Fair point, Sifaan.
24.1;1lb;Christian to Chandimal, 1 leg bye The win comes courtesy a leg bye. Christian angles into the pads, Chandimal can't get bat on the flick, but the ball goes off the pads to square leg, and Mahela scampers through.;
23.6;?;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, no run over-pitched on the pads, Mahela flicks straight to midwicket.;
23.5;4;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs Mahela's class is oozing all over the SCG now. Get the covers out. Short ball outside off, he leans back languidly and steers with surgical precision through backward point. I can't explain why the ball went at the speed at which it did. It scorches the outfield on the way to the fence.;
23.4;?;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, no run slow bouncer, Mahela can't get bat on it as he looks to dab it to third man.;
23.3;1;Lee to Chandimal, 1 run full length on the stumps, Chandimal whips through square leg for a single.;
23.2;?;Lee to Chandimal, no run back of a length, Chandimal jumps behind the line and defends.;
23.1;1;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run short of a length, nipping in off the seam, nudged with the angle to the leg side for one.;
22.6;4;Christian to Chandimal, FOUR runs thumping stroke from Chandimal, shuffling inside the line and pulling with the angle as Christain drops it short. He goes aerial on purpose and picks up four authoritative runs behind square.;
22.5;?;Christian to Chandimal, no run short of a length, Chandimal still can't get the single away as he drops it to the off side.;
22.4;?;Christian to Chandimal, no run Chandimal defends a length ball into the off side.;
22.3;1;Christian to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run angled in towards the pads, tucked to the leg side quietly for a single.;
22.2;4;Christian to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs absolutely glorious. Nothing's better to watch than a batsman jumping out to a fast bowler and thumping him inside out over the covers. Mahela's made Christian look like a spinner there, superb footwork and even better timing.;
22.1;?;Christian to Mahela Jayawardene, no run good length ball outside off, Mahela defends to the off side.;
21.6;1;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run high full toss outside off stump, Mahela droves into the covers for another single.;
21.5;?;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, no run full ball on off stump, Mahela tries to whip drive through mid-on, but can't find the gap.;
21.4;1;Lee to Chandimal, 1 run pitched up outside off, Chandimal pushes to the point area for a quick single. He's away too.;
21.3;?;Lee to Chandimal, no run short of a length on off stump, defended down the track.;
21.2;1;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run Mahela has 50 now. Welcome relief, it's been ages since he reached a 50 in any format. Short of a length, dropped towards covers and the single is taken.;
21.1;W;Lee to Sangakkara, OUT Sanga's breezy little hand has come to an end. Full length ball angling into the pads, he tries to hoist over the leg side and gets a big leading edge that goes straight up. Easy catch at mid-on.;Kumar Sangakkara c Doherty b Lee 30 (41m 29b 4x4 1x6) SR: 103.44;
20.6;1;Christian to Sangakkara, 1 run gets it away off the middle this time, but there is protection at deep midwicket.;
20.5;?;Christian to Sangakkara, no run short ball, hustles through Sanga, who looks to pull but is beaten for pace.;
20.4;2;Christian to Sangakkara, 2 runs flayed through the covers now. Nice inviting lengths, and Sanga wades into them. There's protection in the deep though, so he only gets a couple.;
20.3;?;Christian to Sangakkara, no run keeps it on the spot outside off, defended to the point area. No single to be had.;
20.2;?;Christian to Sangakkara, no run back of a length on the stumps, pushed towards mid-on.;
20.1;4;Christian to Sangakkara, FOUR runs full and wide, angling across, and Sanga throws his bat at it with glee. Thick outside edge, flies high over the slip fielder and goes for four. It is all going Sri Lanka's way today.;
19.6;?;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, no run tossed up outside off, Mahela defends to the off side.;
19.5;?;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, no run short of a length outside off, Mahela chops it straight to point.;
19.4;1;Doherty to Sangakkara, 1 run angled in towards the pads, Sanga nudges to the leg side for one.;
19.3;6;Doherty to Sangakkara, SIX runs Sanga's tying this up quite nicely. He dances out of the crease and bangs Doherty with the turn miles over midwicket for six. Huge.;
19.2;4;Doherty to Sangakkara, FOUR runs Sanga has lashed him away. Short ball, swept with power through square leg.;
19.1;1lb;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 leg bye Mahela looks to sweep and edges onto the pad. The umpire misses it and signals leg byes.;
18.6;?;Christian to Sangakkara, no run short of a length outside off, Sanga punches into the covers.;
18.5;1lb;Christian to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 leg bye slips down the leg side, and it goes off Mahela's pads for a leg bye. Wilko on air believes the dead-ball call earlier was a wrong one. He's got to be kidding, surely.;
18.4;1;Christian to Sangakkara, 1 run short of a length outside off, dabbed through backward point for one.;
18.3;?;Christian to Sangakkara, no run good play from Christian. Sanga was out of the crease, and played it back to Christian who picked up and threw down the stumps. Sanga was in, and then tried to steal the overthrow, but Christian was already after the ricochet.;
18.2;1;Christian to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run full length wide of off stump, Mahela manages to get it behind point for a single.;
18.1;2;Christian to Mahela Jayawardene, 2 runs Mahela keeps playing the cover drive the way it should be played. Pitched up wide of off stump, and it is driven with care through the off side for one.;
17.6;1;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run tossed up outside off, driven through mid-off for one.;
17.5;1;Doherty to Sangakkara, 1 run 10,000 runs to the legend. The crowd goes up in applause. I don't know if he was play-acting, but Sanga initially looked surprised. He then smiles and trots to his team-mate and hugs him. Welcome to the 10,000 club, says Mahela.;
17.4;1;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run pitched up wide of off stump, Mahela defends to the off side for a single.;
17.3;?;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, no run fuller length, cuts the angle and forces Mahela to defend down the track.;
17.2;4;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs aha, Mahela's manufactured a boundary. He walks across the stumps, goes down on a knee and lap-sweeps over the head of short fine leg for four.;
17.1;?;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, no run curled in from wide of off stump, Mahela defends as it comes in.;
16.6;?;Christian to Sangakkara, no run still waiting.. Full length ball, carefully defended to mid-on.;
16.6;1w;Christian to Sangakkara, 1 wide Christian's turn to keep Sanga waiting. Wide down the leg side now.;
16.5;1;Christian to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run short of a length outside off, Mahela hacks behind square for a single.;
16.4;1;Christian to Sangakkara, 1 run Sanga skips out and tucks to the leg side. 9999.;
16.3;?;Christian to Sangakkara, no run pitched up on the stumps, defended down the track.;
16.2;?;Christian to Sangakkara, no run you may have 9998 runs, but you could still be beaten by a peach. Christian gets it to cut in fast and furious, opening up Sanga as he tries to play to the off side.;
16.1;1;Christian to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run angled into the pads, tucked with the angle towards square leg for a single.;
15.6;1;McKay to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run full and wide of off stump, Mahela throws his bat at it and squeezes a single to third man. He's making Sanga wait for the five-figures here.;
15.5;?;McKay to Mahela Jayawardene, no run angled into the pads, defended to the leg side watchfully.;
15.4;?;McKay to Mahela Jayawardene, no run length ball outside off, Mahela pushes it into the off side.;
15.3;2;McKay to Mahela Jayawardene, 2 runs Mahela skips out and sees the length being shortened. He adjusts well to chop it behind point for a couple.;
15.2;?;McKay to Mahela Jayawardene, no run beaten by a nifty little legcutter. Mahela feels for it as it zips past the outside edge ...;
15.1;?;McKay to Mahela Jayawardene, no run pitched up outside off, Mahela check-drives with a full face towards mid-off.;
14.6;?;Christian to Sangakkara, no run short of a length and angled across, Sanga lets it go to the keeper.;
14.5;?;Christian to Sangakkara, no run pushes a length ball into the off side, they think of a single but choose to stay put.;
14.4;?;Christian to Sangakkara, no run lets a length ball wide of off stump go through to the keeper.;
14.3;4;Christian to Sangakkara, FOUR runs Sanga moves to 9998. Skips out of the crease and carves a full and wide ball over cover-point for four.;
14.2;1lb;Christian to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 leg bye on the pads, worked to the leg side for one.;
14.1;4;Christian to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs that kind of day for SL. Mahela has found the middle of the gap between Wade and the wide fly slip. Pitched up and seaming away, Mahela is drawn into driving away from the body and it takes the edge. Wade should have gone for it, but though slip would have it covered.;
13.6;?;McKay to Sangakkara, no run Sanga tries to guide a short of length ball towards third man, but McKay does him for pace.;
13.6;1w;McKay to Sangakkara, 1 wide McKay tries to bowl Sanga behind the legs, but the ball is called wide as Sanga skips across.;
13.5;1;McKay to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run sumptuous cover drive to a full length ball wide of off stump. This is looking easy.;
13.4;?;McKay to Mahela Jayawardene, no run keeps it tight on middle and off, Mahela defends to the leg side.;
13.3;?;McKay to Mahela Jayawardene, no run back of a length outside off stump, Mahela drops it to the off side, but they can't get a single.;
13.2;?;McKay to Mahela Jayawardene, no run fuller length, Mahela meets it with a forward press, under the eye, under control.;
13.1;2;McKay to Mahela Jayawardene, 2 runs Mahela opens up his wrists and eases the ball through backward point for two more.;
12.6;?;Lee to Sangakkara, no run length ball outside off, Sanga inside-edges a push onto his boot and it dribbles into the off side.;
12.5;?;Lee to Sangakkara, no run back of a length, Sanga defends from behind the line to the leg side.;
12.4;4;Lee to Sangakkara, FOUR runs Sanga glorious. Over-pitched by Lee on the stumps, Sanga shows it the full face and smokes it down the ground. This time Lee doesn't put his foot in the way.;
12.3;1;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run slower ball outside off, Mahela works it to the leg side for a single.;
12.3;1w;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 wide too short that bouncer. Mahela easily ducks under it.;
12.2;1;Lee to Sangakkara, 1 run hmm, close call there. Mahela sprints in as Warner picks up and under-arms in one go from backward point. Mahela was in, and Warner missed the stumps.;
12.1;1;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run short of a length outside off stump, he's still generating some pace. Mahela stands tall and guides it through backward point for a single.;
11.6;?;McKay to Sangakkara, no run pitched up on off stump, Sanga drives fluently to mid-off.;
11.5;?;McKay to Sangakkara, no run good length ball angling across off stump, Sanga lets it go.;
11.4;W;McKay to Dilshan, OUT Australia will breathe easy, they have a wicket finally. Length ball wide of off stump, the line most likely to trouble a batsman. Dilshan throws his bat at it and gets a thick edge straight to the slip fielder.;Tillakaratne Dilshan c Hussey b McKay 45 (50m 41b 4x4 1x6) SR: 109.75;
11.3;1;McKay to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run brainfade from Mahela, but he survives. What's going on here? Dilshan is looking the saner batsman of these two! Mahela jumps out and tries to hoick him over the off side, he's not near the pitch of the ball and loses the grip as he miscues. It lands just short of mid off.;
11.2;?;McKay to Mahela Jayawardene, no run similar line, Mahela looks to steer now but can't get it past point.;
11.1;1;McKay to Dilshan, 1 run short of a length outside the off stump, Dilshan picks up another single through backward point.;
10.6;1;Starc to Dilshan, 1 run pitched up outside off, Dilshan drives a touch airily, but gets it away off a thick inside edge for a single.;
10.5;1;Starc to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run on the pads now, Mahela nurdles to the leg side for a single.;
10.4;1;Starc to Dilshan, 1 run short ball outside off, Dilshan hacks it powerfully through square but there is protection.;
10.3;1;Starc to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run over-pitched wide of off stump, Mahela drives past point for a single.;
10.2;1;Starc to Dilshan, 1 run short ball, Dilshan waits for it to come on and pulls to the deep for one more.;
10.1;1;Starc to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run Dilshan keeps stealing singles surreptitiously like a B-grade Bollywood music composer. Back of a length outside off, Mahela drops it to point and Dilshan flies through for the run.;
9.6;1;McKay to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run another slower ball, Mahela delicately defends to the leg side and they take another single.;
9.5;?;McKay to Mahela Jayawardene, no run slower ball outside off, Mahela chops it straight to point.;
9.4;2;McKay to Mahela Jayawardene, 2 runs over-pitched on the stumps, Mahela milks another two with a neat little whip off the toes.;
9.3;2;McKay to Mahela Jayawardene, 2 runs nicely done. Mahela gets a fraction of width outside off, and he stands tall to guide it through backward point for a couple. Ominously well timed.;
9.2;1;McKay to Dilshan, 1 run on the pads now from over the stumps, Dilshan tucks it square for a single.;
9.1;2;McKay to Dilshan, 2 runs back of a length outside off, Dilshan cuts through backward point for two more.;
8.6;1;Starc to Dilshan, 1 run tries to heave on the up through the covers, but can't time the shot well enough.;
8.5;2;Starc to Dilshan, 2 runs onto Dilshan's pads, he works it behind square leg for a couple more.;
8.4;1;Starc to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run Mahela gets the single now, stays back and drops the ball to the off side for one. Dilshan is through immediately.;
8.3;?;Starc to Mahela Jayawardene, no run beats Mahela outside off with a seamer that jumps across. The left-armer's angle, always troubles a right hand batsman.;
8.2;1;Starc to Dilshan, 1 run full toss on the stumps, Dilshan whips it to the leg side and takes a single. The throw comes in and hits Dilshan's bat as he runs in, and ricochets towards the cover boundary. Dilshan refuses to run the extras.;
8.1;?;Starc to Dilshan, no run no shot offered, no runs for Sri Lanka, which is a fair call. The ball was swinging down the leg side, Dilshan didn't really play a shot as it swung onto the pads and hurtled to fine leg.;
7.6;1;McKay to Dilshan, 1 run ahem, Ponting fumbles at point. Until today, he's been quite good there. Dilshan guides a length ball straight through Ponting for a single.;
7.5;2;McKay to Dilshan, 2 runs short of a length ball outside off stump, Dilshan steers through backward point for a couple more.;
7.4;?;McKay to Dilshan, no run nothing shot from Dilshan. Stays rooted on leg stump and finishes outside off stump. McKay beats him for pace.;
7.3;1;McKay to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run close to slip, but not close enough. Mahela tries to steer from wide of off stump, well away from his body but he was confident of eluding slip. He managed to do it by a couple of metres, and gets a single.;
7.2;1;McKay to Dilshan, 1 run length ball angles in towards the pads, and Dilshan tucks it square to the leg side for one.;
7.1;1;McKay to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run Mahela gets the single away early, stays back and chops a length ball into the off side for one.;
6.6;?;Lee to Dilshan, no run tries to do it again, doesn't time it too well now.;
6.5;4;Lee to Dilshan, FOUR runs visceral from Dilshan. Half a step towards the pitch of the ball and a sumptuous on-the-up thump to a length ball outside off, the ball disappears behind point for four more.;
6.4;1;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run full-pitched on off stump, Mahela's movements are a touch slow and he inside-edges onto his pad.;
6.3;1;Lee to Dilshan, 1 run slow bumper outside off, Dilshan wanted to send it to Melbourne, but adjusted and slapped it square as it came through slowly.;
6.2;?;Lee to Dilshan, no run short ball wide of off stump, Dilshan thinks of pulling but backs out of it.;
6.1;?;Lee to Dilshan, no run Dilshan tries to bash Lee over the off side, but the ball is through him in a trice.;
5.6;?;McKay to Mahela Jayawardene, no run lets another back of a length ball outside off go through to the keeper. A maiden from McKay.;
5.5;?;McKay to Mahela Jayawardene, no run lets a loopy short of length ball outside off go through to the keeper.;
5.4;?;McKay to Mahela Jayawardene, no run hmm, Mahela tries to blaze one through the covers. He backs away and looks to go big, and misses again. Take the single and give it to Dilly, mate.;
5.3;?;McKay to Mahela Jayawardene, no run and beaten again. Needless risk from Mahela, who again tries a cheeky dab towards third man and misses.;
5.2;?;McKay to Mahela Jayawardene, no run beaten outside off, didn't see that coming did we... Mahela looks to dab from outside off to third man, but the ball slips past the outside edge.;
5.1;?;McKay to Mahela Jayawardene, no run short of a length outside off stump, quietly dropped to point.;
4.6;?;Lee to Dilshan, no run the Dilscoop now. Needless too. Dilshan tries to lap Lee from wide of off stump over fine leg. I think. He could have played it over third man too, or straight into his own mouth. Play and a miss means the ball goes straight to Wade.;
4.5;1;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run back of a length outside off stump, Mahela stays back and glides it behind point for one.;
4.4;1;Lee to Dilshan, 1 run just for variety, he takes a single now. Full ball on the pads, punched through mid-on for a single.;
4.3;4;Lee to Dilshan, FOUR runs Lee keeps dropping short, Dilshan keeps pulling. Fine leg moves in front of square now, and Dilshan skips inside the line to effortlessly exploit the new gap with a masterly slap from outside off stump. At this rate, this ball will lose shape very fast.;
4.2;4;Lee to Dilshan, FOUR runs thump. He can now blow the smoke off the barrel and slide it back into the holster. Stays back and swings a length ball merrily through square leg for four more.;
4.1;4;Lee to Dilshan, FOUR runs he's clobbered that as well. He saw the short ball early, and was already setting himself up for a swipe over the leg side. He sends it dribbling over wide mid-on for four more.;
3.6;1;Starc to Dilshan, 1 run Dilshan plays the same shot with double the effort and half the finesse. And none of the placement. Straight to wide mid-off for a risky single.;
3.5;3;Starc to Mahela Jayawardene, 3 runs Mahela is already putting on a mini-exhibition. He presses forward and caresses a length ball on the up, perfect bisection of the gap between cover and wide mid-off for three more.;
3.4;2;Starc to Mahela Jayawardene, 2 runs pitched up teasingly wide of off stump, Mahela is drawn into the drive and it skims off the outer half of the blade through point for a couple.;
3.3;1;Starc to Dilshan, 1 run back of a length outside off stump, he pushes into the off side and takes another single.;
3.2;6;Starc to Dilshan, SIX runs Dilshan has biceps bigger than Popeye. Boy, he's climbed onto that and smashed it. Short of a length ball, straightens into the slot and Dilshan short-arm jabs it with disdain all the way over square leg. That didn't go too high, but it went very far.;
3.1;?;Starc to Dilshan, no run back of a length on off stump, Dilshan defends down the track as it straightens.;
2.6;?;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, no run superb length, just outside off stump and Mahela lets it go to the keeper.;
2.5;1;Lee to Dilshan, 1 run back of a length, Dilshan tries to heave through the off side, and mistimes a single into the covers.;
2.4;?;Lee to Dilshan, no run slower ball not, it cuts into Dilshan who can't get bat on it. Rapped on the thigh now, he is taking the odd body blow.;
2.3;?;Lee to Dilshan, no run better from Dilshan, gets behind the line and defends to the off side.;
2.2;2;Lee to Dilshan, 2 runs in the air, just short of fine leg. Dilshan went for the pull, Lee hurried through him at pace and it ended up as a swirling top edge. McKay ran in quick and made good ground, but the ball bounced just out of his reach as he went down.;
2.1;?;Lee to Dilshan, no run Dilshan beaten again by a lethal Lee delivery that jumps away from a length. Close to the edge that.;
1.6;4;Starc to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs oh, absolutely glorious from Mahela! Full-pitched ball outside off, and he plays the perfect off drive. The ball screams off the middle of the face through to the boundary.;
1.6;1w;Starc to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 wide slings this down the leg side for a big wide.;
1.5;1;Starc to Dilshan, 1 run 135 kph on a length ball, Dilshan pushes into the covers for one. Christian slips and slides as he tries to field..;
1.4;1;Starc to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run back of a length, straightening into the pads, Mahela nudges it to fine leg for one.;
1.3;1lb;Starc to Dilshan, 1 leg bye over-pitched on the pads and swinging in. Dilshan can't get it away cleanly as he looks to clip but SL get the single.;
1.2;?;Starc to Dilshan, no run beats him with a peach. Angles across, hits the seam and then nips further away leaving Dilshan squared up and flummoxed in its wake.;
1.1;1;Starc to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run gets it to straighten towards Mahela's pads from over the stumps. Mahela nudges it with the angle towards square leg for a single.;
0.6;?;Lee to Dilshan, no run 146 kph to end the over, back of a length and steep bounce outside off. Dilshan leaves. This won't be an easy chase.;
0.5;?;Lee to Dilshan, no run whoa, Lee's working up some pace here! He's hit Dilshan on the chest with a back of length ball that took off and burst through the defences. The glove took some of the impact, else Dilshan would have been in strife.;
0.4;?;Lee to Dilshan, no run short of a length, Dilshan is tucked up by the kick on that delivery and defends down the track.;
0.3;?;Lee to Dilshan, no run back of a length outside off stump, Dilshan watches it closely and leaves.;
0.2;1;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run Mahela is away, opens the face and steers Lee down to third man for a single.;
0.1;?;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, no run bounce for Lee, gets the ball to jump up at Mahela from a length. He fends it without much conviction to the leg side.;
0.1;1w;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 wide and he starts with a wide. The ball lands wide of off stump and swings away. There is some juice on offer here for the seamers.;

Right, Dilshan and Mahela will open. This could be a lot of fun. Lee to bowl.
 Innings Start
Australia
Sri Lanka
6th Match (D/N), Sydney, Feb 17 2012, Commonwealth Bank Series
158
152/2
Player of the match is Thisara Perera, SL
Sri Lanka won by 8 wickets (with 101 balls remaining) (D/L method)
