Data
9pm So Sri Lanka need 188 to whitewash Australia. The hosts lost four wickets for five runs at the back end, but contrasting fifties from Finch, who was dropped on 0, and Klinger at the top gave Australia some cushion. We will be back in a bit for the chase.
Akshar : "Last two overs show why Klinger's innings was crucial. He held one end so that other could hit."
Robert Brown: "Again Australia get pegged back, with some poor shots 3 full tosses 3 wickets, you have to know how to finish, and now 3 matches they have given up cheap wickets when they were on top Bad cricket Australia ,full stop. "
Lakmal: "I think score is big enough for Asela's maiden century "
Leeroy: "To people criticizing Klinger's slow start, the last couple overs have shown how important having an anchor to the innings is. If 2 batters get out in quick succession it's really hard to get boundaries. Having someone that can be an anchor whilst others slog around him is important. Besides, if he is in long enough his strike rate improves, as we saw today. I wonder what the score would be if Klinger took more risks early and the batting collapse started earlier?"
Sajish: "What a fightback from Sri Lanka. Credit goes to Kapu for that great catch. Shanaka is a class bowler. Hope Sri Lanka win the series 3-0"
Rizwan: "Last Two Overs 10 Runs for 4 Wickets, What a comeback."
Chulaka Kumaras: "Phew. That comeback. Last over could be the turning point. "
Deshan: "What a spell from Dasun Shanaka!! "
19.6;1;Shanaka to Henriques, 1 run really full and wide outside off, carved away to point. Excellent final over from Shanaka;
19.5;1;Shanaka to Paine, 1 run full-toss on off stump, swiped away to deep midwicket;
19.4;?;Shanaka to Paine, no run slower full ball wide outside off, Paine, having stepped outside leg, can't connect;
19.3;1lb;Shanaka to Henriques, 1 leg bye full and sliding into the pads, misses the flick, they sneak a legbye;
19.2;W;Shanaka to Faulkner, OUT Australia have lost four wickets for five runs. Third catch for Kapu in the deep. Faulkner can't get hold of this full-toss outside off. He miscues it to long-on;James Faulkner c Kapugedera b Shanaka 2 (2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
19.1;2;Shanaka to Faulkner, 2 runs low full-toss on off, flat-batted to long-on;
18.6;W;Malinga to Turner, OUT Kapu pulls off a cracking catch now. He dashes in from long-on, dives forward, and takes it. Turner backs away outside leg. Malinga chases him and cramps him with a full-toss which is dragged away to Kapu. He did well to attack the catch;Ashton Turner c Kapugedera b Malinga 1 (2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
18.5;1;Malinga to Henriques, 1 run The batsman comes down the track, this is full and wide outside off, cracked to Udana at extra cover. They take off for the single. Udana can't throw the stumps down at the non-striker's end. Malinga did not back up;
18.4;1;Malinga to Turner, 1 run full-toss on leg stump, whipped to deep midwicket;
18.3;W;Malinga to Klinger, 1 run, OUT thigh-high full-toss, Klinger swats it away through square leg. Klinger commits to two. Shanka swoops down on the ball from deep square leg and throws it flat to Kusal Mendis. He collects it and swipes the bails off to catch Klinger short on the second. He raises his bat and walks back for 62;Michael Klinger run out (Shanaka/?Mendis) 62 (43b 6x4 1x6) SR: 144.18;
18.2;W;Malinga to Head, OUT Kapu overruns the ball but hangs onto the catch at long-off. Low full-toss outside off, Head loses his shape, swings and holes out in the deep;Travis Head c Kapugedera b Malinga 30 (16b 1x4 2x6) SR: 187.5;
18.1;2;Malinga to Head, 2 runs full-toss outside off, thrashed away to long-off, where Kapu fumbles. Easy two in the end for the hosts;
15.6;2;Shanaka to Head, 2 runs Head jumps out of the crease and flicks a couple to deep midwicket. Good running, they get two;
15.5;3;Shanaka to Klinger, 3 runs very full on the pads, fine leg is inside the circle, glanced away fine of the fielder. He dives and makes a half-save;
15.4;4;Shanaka to Klinger, FOUR runs Klinger scores his maiden international fifty. What a moment for him. Slower short ball outside off, he waits on the back foot, and powerfully swats it away to the left of deep midwicket;
15.3;1;Shanaka to Head, 1 run really full on off stump, driven through the line to long-off for one;
15.2;1;Shanaka to Klinger, 1 run low full-toss on off stump, whipped away to deep square leg;
15.1;1;Shanaka to Head, 1 run;
14.6;1;Kulasekara to Head, 1 run full on off, stroked to long-on;
14.5;1;Kulasekara to Klinger, 1 run slower ball outside off, short, chopped to short third man;
14.4;2;Kulasekara to Klinger, 2 runs very full on off, shovelled away to wide long-on;
14.3;1;Kulasekara to Head, 1 run off-stump length ball, Head hangs back and works it to deep midwicket;
14.2;1;Kulasekara to Klinger, 1 run slower full ball outside off, bunted down the ground;
14.1;1;Kulasekara to Head, 1 run back of a length and outside off, tapped to cover;
17.6;2;Kulasekara to Klinger, 2 runs Klinger gallops down the track, takes a full-toss and belts it to long-off;
17.5;4;Kulasekara to Klinger, FOUR runs full on middle and leg, whipped away fiercely between deep midwicket and deep square leg. Klinger gives it a proper thump;
17.4;1;Kulasekara to Head, 1 run full and outside off, sliced in the air, does not carry to long-off;
17.3;2;Kulasekara to Head, 2 runs full and wide outside off, Head drops to one knee and crunches it over cover. Udana tears across from sweeper cover and flicks the ball into the field of play;
17.2;?;Kulasekara to Head, no run yorker wide outside off, forced back to Kulasekara;
17.1;1;Kulasekara to Klinger, 1 run slower cutter outside off, 100.8ks, drags a slog-sweep to deep midwicket;
16.6;?;Malinga to Head, no run finally the yorker the line is on off, inside-edged onto the pad. The ball rolls away square on the leg side. 20 runs off the over;
16.5;4;Malinga to Head, FOUR runs Malinga continues to err in length. Pitched up and outside off, Head lofts it nice and clean. Hit through the line straight of long-off;
16.4;2;Malinga to Head, 2 runs full-toss outside off, slapped to wide long-off for two;
16.3;6;Malinga to Head, SIX runs This is even better from Head. Malinga can't get the yorker right again. Full on off stump, right in the slot, launched over Siriwardana at long-on;
16.2;6;Malinga to Head, SIX runs very full on the pads, Head picks the ball up and deposits it over square leg. Wonderful wristwork;
16.1;1;Malinga to Klinger, 1 run nails a yorker on middle, dug through midwicket;
16.1;1nb;Malinga to Klinger, (no ball) Malinga apologies, Klinger acknowledges it. Full-toss above the waist, the line is outside leg, the batsman ducks under it. That probably slipped out of Malinga's hands;
13.6;W;Shanaka to Dunk, OUT Prasanna clings onto the catch, running back from point. Lands awkwardly on his elbow. Good length ball on off stump, Dunk looks to slog over midwicket. He ends up skewing it in the air. Prasanna hangs onto a swirling catch;Ben Dunk c Prasanna b Shanaka 28 (21b 2x4 2x6) SR: 133.33;
13.5;?;Shanaka to Dunk, no run off-stump yorker, squirted back to the bowler;
13.4;?;Shanaka to Dunk, no run wide yorker, beats Dunk. He reaches out, slashes and misses;
13.3;?;Shanaka to Dunk, no run dragged short and outside off, Dunk eyes up the leg side and mis-times it back to the bowler;
13.2;4;Shanaka to Dunk, FOUR runs what was that? Superb improvisation. Dunk shuffles across off, he attempted to scoop it fine on the leg side initially. Then changes his mind and scoops it fine of short third man as this was pushed wide outside off. Quick hands;
13.1;?;Shanaka to Dunk, no run low full-toss on middle, swished to cover;
12.6;4;Sanjaya to Klinger, FOUR runs low full-toss, on middle, angled in, Klinger uses the angle and flicks it away to the midwicket boundary;
12.5;1;Sanjaya to Dunk, 1 run full and wide outside off, scythed away to sweeper cover;
12.4;6;Sanjaya to Dunk, SIX runs finesse followed by violence. Sanjaya errs in length again. Too full on middle, Dunk smites it over midwicket for back-to-back boundaries;
12.3;4;Sanjaya to Dunk, FOUR runs Dunk pre-meditates, shuffles across off, gets inside the line of a low full-toss on middle and scoops it right over Mendis' head;
12.2;1lb;Sanjaya to Klinger, 1 leg bye full and fired into the leg stump, grazes the pad and rolls away to short fine leg;
12.1;1;Sanjaya to Dunk, 1 run low full-toss outside off, shovelled with the bottom hand to long-on;
11.6;1;Shanaka to Dunk, 1 run full-toss, dragged to the left of the bowler, who makes a half-stop;
11.5;1;Shanaka to Klinger, 1 run yorker just outside off, jammed out through extra cover;
11.4;?;Shanaka to Klinger, no run legcutter outside off, grips in the surface. Klinger slashes early and is beaten by the lack of pace;
11.3;2;Shanaka to Klinger, 2 runs full on the stumps, whipped away through midwicket;
11.2;2;Shanaka to Klinger, 2 runs overpitched and outside off, carved out to backward point;
11.1;1;Shanaka to Dunk, 1 run floated on off stump, driven firmly to long-off;
10.6;1;Sanjaya to Dunk, 1 run full-toss on middle, hit to long-on;
10.5;?;Sanjaya to Dunk, no run Sanjaya drops a return catch, this wasn't as straightforward as the one in the first over . Sanjaya clutches his left hand in pain. He grimaces. Full on the stumps, drilled back to the bowler. Sanjaya is okay to resume;
10.4;?;Sanjaya to Dunk, no run wide yorker, Dunk can't slice it away square through the off side. Beaten;
10.3;?;Sanjaya to Dunk, no run a really full delivery outside off, jabbing drive to cover;
10.2;?;Sanjaya to Dunk, no run Sanjaya replies with a leg-stump yorker, dug back to the bowler;
10.1;6;Sanjaya to Dunk, SIX runs clears Siriwardana at wide long-on. Full on off, goes across the line and swings the ball over the leaping fielder. Tonked for six;
9.6;?;Gunaratne to Klinger, no run length and outside off, jabbed back to Asela;
9.5;1;Gunaratne to Dunk, 1 run length ball on middle, seam-up, nearly 115ks, punched past Asela;
9.4;1;Gunaratne to Klinger, 1 run little offcuter, comes in on off, bunted down to long-on;
9.3;6;Gunaratne to Klinger, SIX runs full and outside off, Klinger unleashes a slog-sweep and sends the ball soaring over midwicket. Puts Asela into the stands;
9.2;1;Gunaratne to Dunk, 1 run floated on the leg stump, punched through midwicket;
9.1;1;Gunaratne to Klinger, 1 run slower cutter outside off, 87ks, push-driven to sweeper;
9.1;2w;Gunaratne to Dunk, 2 wide floated down the leg side, beats the keeper too;
8.6;1;Prasanna to Dunk, 1 run short and outside off, forced away to cover on the back foot;
8.5;1;Prasanna to Klinger, 1 run full, turning legbreak outside off, bends forward and drives to sweeper cover;
8.4;?;Prasanna to Klinger, no run full on off, played back to the bowler;
8.3;W;Prasanna to Finch, OUT Finch can't clear the long boundary, Siriwardana pouches it at the edge of the long-off fence. Prasanna celebrates the wicket with a dab. Munaweera might be relieved, or has the damage been done already? Finch looks to loft this tossed-up legbreak over the fielder after backing away outside leg. No dice. Ends up slicing a catch;Aaron Finch c Siriwardana b Prasanna 53 (32b 5x4 3x6) SR: 165.62;
8.2;?;Prasanna to Finch, no run fired outside off, left alone;
8.1;1;Prasanna to Klinger, 1 run skids on outside off, laced through the covers;
7.6;6;Siriwardana to Finch, SIX runs Dropped on 0 by Munaweera, Finch surges to a fifty off 30 balls. Tossed on off, Finch sizes it up and launches it high and over midwicket. Caught in the crowd. Don't watch the replay, Munaweera;
7.5;1;Siriwardana to Klinger, 1 run short and outside off, hangs back and swats it to deep midwicket;
7.4;1;Siriwardana to Finch, 1 run short and angled into the hips, bunted to midwicket;
7.3;?;Siriwardana to Finch, no run Siriwardana finds a hint of turn, dabbed to cover;
7.2;2;Siriwardana to Finch, 2 runs Finch steps away outside leg, this is short too and outside off, belted away to the left of Asela at long-off;
7.1;2;Siriwardana to Finch, 2 runs Siriwardana drags his length back after seeing Finch step out. The batsman adjusts and nudges to midwicket;
6.6;1;Prasanna to Finch, 1 run much slower through the air and spins away outside off, pushed to cover, can't get it past Shanaka there. A quiet over from Prasanna, just four off it;
6.5;1;Prasanna to Klinger, 1 run length and outside off, worked towards mid-on;
6.4;?;Prasanna to Klinger, no run slider outside off, played to the covers;
6.3;1;Prasanna to Finch, 1 run back of a length on middle, backs away outside leg and chops to sweeper;
6.2;?;Prasanna to Finch, no run dropped short and breaks away outside off, leans back and cuts to backward point;
6.1;1;Prasanna to Klinger, 1 run fast and short outside off, punched to long-off on the back foot;
5.6;1;Malinga to Klinger, 1 run pitched up and outside off, eased through cover on the front foot;
5.5;?;Malinga to Klinger, no run full and outside off, leans forward and drives to cover;
5.5;1w;Malinga to Klinger, 1 wide leg-side wide;
5.4;?;Malinga to Klinger, no run an appeal for lbw, almost a run-out. All action at Adelaide. Full and angled in towards the leg stump, Klinger looks to play across the line and squirts an inside-edge onto the pad. Hotspot detects a blotch. Klinger drifts out of the crease, searches for a non-existent legbye, short cover attacks the ball, but does not hit the stumps. Klinger dives full-length and is safe;
5.3;2;Malinga to Klinger, 2 runs too full and straight, whipped away to the right of Prasanna at deep midwicket;
5.2;1;Malinga to Finch, 1 run full and into the pads again, flicked along the ground to deep midwicket;
5.1;4;Malinga to Finch, FOUR runs very full and straying into the leg stump, picked off to the left of square leg, no protection in the deep;
4.6;1;Prasanna to Finch, 1 run short and wide outside off, goes back and chops it away behind square on the off side for one;
4.5;6;Prasanna to Finch, SIX runs Finch has nailed this, bringing the fifty stand. He moves away outside leg, lofts it inside-out with the turn over wide mid-off;
4.4;2;Prasanna to Finch, 2 runs lobbed up on middle and leg, Finch clears his front leg and swipes the ball away to deep midwicket;
4.3;4;Prasanna to Finch, FOUR runs short, turning legbreak outside off, he skips back and cuts it in the air between point and cover;
4.2;1;Prasanna to Klinger, 1 run slides in with the arm on off, knocked to midwicket;
4.1;4;Prasanna to Klinger, FOUR runs Klinger welcomes Prasanna with a charming cover-drive. Full straight ball just outside off, crunched away;
3.6;?;Kulasekara to Finch, no run Finch presses forward and drives this full ball back to the bowler. Kulasekara collects the ball and has a shy at the stumps. Finch spins around and cops a blow on the back. He's okay, though, acknowledging the apology from Kulasekara, who was just aiming the stumps with Finch having strayed out of his crease;
3.5;4;Kulasekara to Finch, FOUR runs very full and swerving in on middle and leg, a fierce whirl of the wrists sends the ball square of short fine leg. Skips away to the boundary. Wondering how Munaweera is feeling;
3.4;?;Kulasekara to Finch, no run very full on middle, Finch backs away outside leg and drills to cover. More intent from Finch in this T20;
3.3;?;Kulasekara to Finch, no run overpitched and outside off, Finch drives with a slicing finish to point;
3.2;4;Kulasekara to Finch, FOUR runs full on off, Finch goes over the top again. Shovel-drives it with the bottom hand over mid-on;
3.1;1;Kulasekara to Klinger, 1 run full on the stumps, driven down the ground for one;
2.6;1;Sanjaya to Klinger, 1 run low full-toss, which is patted to mid-on;
2.5;4;Sanjaya to Klinger, FOUR runs nice and full on middle, Klinger presses forward and lofts it straight over the bowler's head. Tharanga runs and chases down the wrong line. Misjudges it badly. He was then in contact with the boundary while attempting to flick the ball back into the field of play;
2.4;?;Sanjaya to Klinger, no run length and outside off, shapes away a bit, squeezed out to point. Klinger did not get close enough to the pitch;
2.3;1;Sanjaya to Finch, 1 run leg-stump full-toss, clipped away to deep square leg;
2.3;1w;Sanjaya to Finch, 1 wide very full and veering down the leg side, past the glance. Leg-side wide from Sanjaya;
2.2;4;Sanjaya to Finch, FOUR runs Finch goes inside-out. He backs away outside leg, collapses his back leg and lifts this length ball on leg stump over wide mid-off. One-bounce four;
2.1;?;Sanjaya to Finch, no run back of a length and outside off, stands tall and punches crisply to mid-off;
1.6;1;Kulasekara to Finch, 1 run back of a length and angled into the right-hander, he throws his bat at the ball and drags a thick, fat inside edge to deep midwicket;
1.5;1;Kulasekara to Klinger, 1 run shorter and outside off, Klinger leans back and late-cuts to square-ish third man;
1.4;4;Kulasekara to Klinger, FOUR runs slower delivery outside off, too full. Klinger goes over the top of mid-off. Sliced away in the air;
1.3;?;Kulasekara to Klinger, no run Klinger uses his feet, Kula drags his length back. Blocked in the direction of midwicket;
1.2;1;Kulasekara to Finch, 1 run Finch makes room outside leg again, this is an off-stump yorker. Finch reaches out for the ball and manages to dig it out towards cover;
1.1;6;Kulasekara to Finch, SIX runs length ball on off or just a shade outside off, Finch stays still, and hoists it over mid-on. Goes all the way though he did not middle it;
1.1;1w;Kulasekara to Finch, 1 wide What was that, Finch? He nearly swung himself off his feet. Length and wide outside off, past the tramline, Finch, having backed away outside leg, can't reach out and connect;
0.6;?;Malinga to Klinger, no run ripper from Malinga. Good length, angled in, and swings away past the groping bat. Beats the outside edge lavishly. This might have been a wicket-maiden;
0.5;1;Malinga to Finch, 1 run Munaweera at short midwicket drops a sitter. Malinga covers his face up with his hands. Back of a length and sliding into the hips, this isn't a full-blooded flick from Finch. He simply lobs it in the air, Munaweera makes a royal mess of it. SL's fielding this series has been sloppy. Finch gets off the mark;
0.4;?;Malinga to Finch, no run back of a length and holds its line in the corridor, Finch stands up tall, punches and finds mid-off;
0.3;?;Malinga to Finch, no run shortish on off, 130.8ks, punchily played to mid-on;
0.2;?;Malinga to Finch, no run shortish and on off stump, dabbed defensively to cover again;
0.1;?;Malinga to Finch, no run back of a length and slung in at off stump, Malinga has Finch hopping. Fended straight to short cover. Klinger attempts a quick single. Finch yells "no". Klinger dishes out a full-length dive. The fielder didn't throw the stumps down in any case;

7.20pm Klinger and Finch walk past the red carpet. Malinga takes the new ball for SL. He runs in from over the wicket. One slip in place.
SamSL: "In Asela, Milinda and Kapugedara, Sri Lanka have got extensive domestic cricket experience which could make the team handle situations better as we saw in the previous two matches. All three are 30-31 years old so hopefully will be around for some time."
7.10pm Seven sets of surgeries and loss of form and confidence had pushed Tim Paine in the shadows. But he has used the T20 format assiduously and will return to Tasmanian colours later this week
Usman Hickmath: "Giving Dasun Shanaka a chance is a good move. This guy is a real hard hitter. Saw him score 42 of 19 balls against Ireland last year. He can bowl as well."
Dasun: "Good opportunity for Menids here. He's undoubtedly the most talented SL batsman. For some reason he hasn't been consistent enough. "
DanielAlexander: "Dasun Shanaka holds the record for most sixes in a T20 inngs in Sri Lanka (16 sixes) when he scored 123 in 46 balls, in another T20 he scored 131* in 48 balls with 12 sixes "
Qaaid: "I can't understand why Sri Lanka have left out Sandakan, they've gone through so many spinners in the last few years, Akila Dananjaya, Tharindu Kaushal, Amila Aponso, to name a few. They need to give someone a solid and consistent run in the side... "
WMC: "7 all rounders for SL - Munaweera, Gunaratne, Shanaka, Siriwardana, Kapugedara, Prasanna, Kulasekara. "
6.50pm Sri Lanka win the toss and bowl for the third time this series.
Australia XI: Finch (capt.) Klinger, Dunk, Head, Henriques, Turner, Paine (wk), Faulkner, Cummins, Richardson, Zampa
Zampa returns to replace Tye
Sri Lanka XI: Tharanga (capt.), Munaweera, Mendis, Gunaratne, Shanaka, Siriwardana, Kapugedara, Prasanna, Malinga, Kulasekara, Sanjaya
Seam-bowling allrounder Shanaka replaces Dickwella. Looks like Kusal Mendis will keep wicket for the tourists.
Mohammad Yasa: "All names written for Sri Lanka playing XI ends with the letter "A". How unique! " --- Mendis, Gunaratne?
There have been some remarkable ODIs in the last 24 hours. Afghanistan lost 5 for 5 to mess up a chase of 130 against Zimbabwe.
South Africa did everything they could to extend their winning run to 13 but an over of yorkers from Trent Boult bested them in Christchurch. And India women needed 8 off two balls with the last wicket remaining but still managed to win.
Gareth: "Richardson instead of tye? That's surprising. Still, great to see Zampa back!"
Navoda : "Exactly 18 years and One month ago, Sri Lanka played in the same venue against England where R. Emerson vs Murali incident took place.
muneeb: "Is niroshan dickwella available for today's match?" --- Nope, he has been suspended for two limited-overs games after a Code of Conduct breach during Sunday's Twenty20 win over Australia in Geelong
CHAMARA: "Today Munaweera & Mendis sholud open the SL Inning. sachith pathirana should in to team for Dickwella"
zami: "Instead of Tharanga, I would like to see Kusal Mendis batting up in the order with Dickwella."
Praveen: "Srilanka should rest Gunrathane today and put other players to test. "
Kapil: "This is Australia's best BBL/T20 side considering Maxwell, Warner and Smith anyways didn't play any BBL games. All the guys selected were part of BBL and most of them did well, so they were in sync with the game. I think Australian fans should stop giving excuses. SL managed to win second game very tightly but first game was mostly under their control for most part. Australia will have to pile up at least 200 to apply any pressure otherwise SL will win this game as well"
Ron: "Hopefully, Australia will go with Zampa & Richardson. If they go with Stanlake he would leak runs."
6.20pm Aaron Finch must be wondering "how do you stop Asela Gunaratne?". He smashed back-to-back half-centuries to cap Sri Lanka's stunning series win, then earned an IPL deal with Mumbai Indians on Monday.
Randika: "@Dave: Neither is Sri Lanka. No Mathews. No Chandimal."

"Papare" music was heard in the stands, which also produced roars of delight when the winning runs were struck as Gunaratne's team-mates charged the field to hoist him up on their shoulders.

"There was so much support, it was like we were playing in Sri Lanka," Gunaratne said following the series win.
Dan Brettig provides the scene-setter for the final T20I.
Dave: "Lot of people in Sri Lanka were praising the team recent days. This is a good side, but we need to consider the fact that Australia are not at full-strength."
6.10pm One Australian side is tuning up for the Test series opener in India on Thursday. Another (patchwork) Australian side is looking to prevent Sri Lanka from whitewashing them in the T20 series. Good evening and welcome to ESPNcricinfo's live coverage of the third T20 international. Will this game boil down to the last ball too?
 Innings Start
10.40pm Australia secure their first T20I win over Sri Lanka at home in six attempts. Finch and Klinger set it up for them with contrasting fifties, then Zampa and Faulkner cut through Sri Lanka's batting line-up in the chase. Zampa's variations were particularly impressive; he even brought out the front-of-the-hand flipper. A brace of run-outs then hastened Sri Lanka's loss. The visitors, however, take the series 2-1.
Adam Zampa, Man of the Match: It is always nice to bowl the middle overs and it is very easy when you have a start like that. There are a lot of good leggies coming through - Swepson and some others in the Big Bash. Sri Lanka have very fearless players, sometimes it can be tough to bowl at them.
Asela Gunaratne is the Man of the Series. Munaweera will act as an interpreter: I am very happy. This is my first time in Australia and I enjoyed it. I was looking to bat till the last ball in the previous game. I am happy I did that.
Aaron Finch: I thought we played some fantastic cricket tonight. A complete performance like this makes the last match even more heart-breaking. When you have Klinger at the other end, he lets you play your shots. We have been guilty of not converting starts. Today we had two fifties and Dunk and Head chipping in.
Upul Tharanga: Beating Australia in home conditions is a tough thing to do. The guys did a good job. Asela played very well even in the South Africa series. The innings he played in the second game was amazing.
Tharanga collects the trophy. The Sri Lankan players get up on the podium and pose for the cameras. Some loud roars there as well. They have had a difficult couple of months. That wraps up our coverage as well. Thanks for tuning in. Night.
17.6;W;Cummins to Sanjaya, 1 run, OUT Two run-outs to wrap up Sri Lanka's innings. Some consolation for Australia. Short on off, Sanjaya backs away outside leg and skews the ball over point. Sanjaya and Kulasekara push for two so that the latter could have the strike next over. Dunk throws the ball to Paine who flips the bails off. Sanjaya can't make it in time;Vikum Sanjaya run out (?Paine/Dunk) 5 (3b 1x4 0x6) SR: 166.66;
17.5;?;Cummins to Sanjaya, no run dug in short and angled in, Sanjaya is beaten for pace and is pinged on the glove or the arm guard;
17.4;4;Cummins to Sanjaya, FOUR runs full and outside off, clears his front leg and crunches it through the covers;
17.3;1;Cummins to Kulasekara, 1 run full on leg stump, clipped away to deep square leg;
17.2;W;Cummins to Malinga, OUT full and outside off, Malinga drives it to mid-off. He is pretty late to go for the single. Finch swoops down on the ball and nails a direct hit at the non-striker's end. Malinga, who was just ambling along for the single, is caught well short;Lasith Malinga run out (Finch) 1 (3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
17.1;?;Cummins to Malinga, no run 142.3ks good length ball on middle, Malinga makes room outside leg and pushes the ball straight to cover;
16.6;?;Faulkner to Kulasekara, no run slower short ball on middle, played back to the bowler. Fine over from Faulkner;
16.5;1;Faulkner to Malinga, 1 run 113.5ks slower ball cutting away outside off, pushed towards mid-off;
16.4;1;Faulkner to Kulasekara, 1 run good length and angling away outside off, Kulasekara opens the bat-face and pats it to point;
16.3;W;Faulkner to Siriwardana, OUT back of the hand slower ball on off stump, grips in the surface. Siriwardana does not pick this either - the third slower one of the over. He eyes up the leg side with a mow but only manages to sky it in the air. Faulker completes the return catch. Siriwardana goes and with it SL's chances?;Milinda Siriwardana c & b Faulkner 35 (27b 1x4 2x6) SR: 129.62;
16.2;?;Faulkner to Siriwardana, no run another slower delivery from the back of the hand. That's Faulkner's go-to ball. Siriwardana swishes and misses outside off;
16.1;2;Faulkner to Siriwardana, 2 runs dipping full-toss on the leg stump following Siriwardana who was backing away outside the leg stump. This is bunted in the gap at the covers. Two runs in the end. Good running;
15.6;1;Jhye Richardson to Siriwardana, 1 run pitched up and on middle, Siriwardana backs away from the stumps and pushes the ball towards mid-off for a single;
15.5;1;Jhye Richardson to Kulasekara, 1 run;
15.4;4;Jhye Richardson to Kulasekara, FOUR runs shot! perfectly struck straight drive from Kulasekara, powers that length ball so straight that it hits the stumps at the other end, still there's enough energy on the ball to run away past mid-on for four;
15.3;1;Jhye Richardson to Siriwardana, 1 run fuller, thumped towards mid-on for a quick single;
15.2;6;Jhye Richardson to Siriwardana, SIX runs sweet shot from Siriwardana, short of length ball, swings and connects peerfectly, the ball sail over the midwicket boundary;
15.2;1w;Jhye Richardson to Siriwardana, 1 wide sharp short ball, just down the leg side though, called a wide, batsman had ducked under that;
15.1;1;Jhye Richardson to Kulasekara, 1 run back of length ball just outside off, guided toward backward point for a single;
14.6;1lb;Faulkner to Kulasekara, 1 leg bye pitched up and angling into the pads, did Kula get an inside edge on that? big appeal for lbw as it hits the pads, might have been sliding down, the ball rolls towards gully;
14.5;W;Faulkner to Prasanna, OUT Prasanna picks out the man at deep backward square leg, joins the long line of Sri Lankans who have holed out in the deep today, this was angling down leg once more, Prasanna swung at it and connected well, but not well enough;Seekkuge Prasanna c Richardson b Faulkner 12 (8b 2x4 0x6) SR: 150;
14.4;1;Faulkner to Siriwardana, 1 run another loopy slower one from Faulkner, quite full and wide, batsman throws his bat at it, can't get it past cover point though;
14.3;1;Faulkner to Prasanna, 1 run pitched up and around off, squeezed away towards backward point;
14.3;1w;Faulkner to Prasanna, 1 wide slower on from Faulkner, slips down the leg side for a wide, Prasanna looked to thwack that behind square leg for four;
14.2;4;Faulkner to Prasanna, FOUR runs sliding down the leg side, shortish length, Prasanna slaps that behind deep backward square leg for four;
14.1;1;Faulkner to Siriwardana, 1 run back of length and well outside off, dabbed towards backward point for a single;
13.6;4;Zampa to Prasanna, FOUR runs short legbreak outside off, Prasanna rocks back and flashes a cut in the air between backward point and cover;
13.5;1;Zampa to Siriwardana, 1 run really full on the leg stump, whipped through midwicket;
13.4;?;Zampa to Siriwardana, no run turn and bounce for Zampa. Siriwardana aims a reverse-sweep and sees the ball hit his chest;
13.3;1;Zampa to Prasanna, 1 run Prasanna goes low for the slog-sweep. He only manages an inside edge to short fine leg;
13.2;1;Zampa to Siriwardana, 1 run lobbed up on middle, just 79ks, driven down the ground;
13.1;6;Zampa to Siriwardana, SIX runs tossed up outside off, Siriwardana backs away and nails it over the covers for a six;
12.6;2;Cummins to Prasanna, 2 runs short and wide outside off, slashed in the air past backward point;
12.5;?;Cummins to Prasanna, no run good length on off, defended back to the bowler;
12.5;1w;Cummins to Prasanna, 1 wide bouncer on middle, ducks under it. Too high, called a wide;
12.4;?;Cummins to Prasanna, no run back of a length and outside off, guided to point;
12.3;1;Cummins to Siriwardana, 1 run full on middle and leg, hangs back and whips to deep midwicket;
12.2;4;Cummins to Siriwardana, FOUR runs length ball on off, clubbed away to the left of long-on. Nearly went all the way for a six;
12.1;?;Cummins to Siriwardana, no run back of a length on middle, opens the bat-face and plays to point;
11.6;W;Zampa to Shanaka, OUT Zampa is turning it on at the Adelaide Oval. Looks like the flipper from the front of the hand, rushes onto the batsman and pings the pad in front of off stump. Finch hugs Zampa and Australia celebrate;Dasun Shanaka lbw b Zampa 0 (2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
11.5;?;Zampa to Shanaka, no run turn and bounce outside off, beats the outside edge;
11.4;W;Zampa to Kapugedera, OUT This was about 20ks quicker than the previous ball. Beats Kapu for pace. Quick fizzer, rushes onto Kapu. He is very late on it. Timbaaah. Why was Zampa left out of the previous game?;Chamara Kapugedera b Zampa 7 (6b 1x4 0x6) SR: 116.66;
11.3;1;Zampa to Siriwardana, 1 run slower through the air outside off, 73ks, chips a drive to long-off;
11.2;?;Zampa to Siriwardana, no run slower wrong'un from Zampa, Siri slogs and does not connect. Beaten;
11.1;2;Zampa to Siriwardana, 2 runs;
10.6;1;Head to Siriwardana, 1 run down the track, this is short, inside-edged down to long-on;
10.5;1;Head to Kapugedera, 1 run flighted on middle and leg, heaved away to deep square leg;
10.4;4;Head to Kapugedera, FOUR runs reverse-swept from middle stump to the point boundary. The fast hands from Kapu was the key to this shot;
10.3;1;Head to Siriwardana, 1 run down the track, meets a full-toss, and hits it back to the bowler. Head takes some pace off it and grimaces in pain;
10.2;1;Head to Kapugedera, 1 run slides across off, chopped away for one;
10.2;1w;Head to Kapugedera, 1 wide floated down the leg side, wide;
10.1;1;Head to Siriwardana, 1 run;
9.6;1;Zampa to Siriwardana, 1 run Henriques puts it down at backward point. Tossed up and turns away outside off, googly. Siriwardana slices in the air, Henriques leaps across to his left, the ball evades his outstretched hand. He can't snatch it on the rebound either;
9.5;1;Zampa to Kapugedera, 1 run looped up on off, slugged away to long-on;
9.4;?;Zampa to Kapugedera, no run length ball on off, defended;
9.3;W;Zampa to Gunaratne, OUT Asela has been pinned lbw. Umpire Wilson raises his finger. No heroics from Asela today. Flat, non-turning ball on off, skids on and raps him on the knee-roll in front of off and middle. The tracker returns three reds;Asela Gunaratne lbw b Zampa 4 (5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 80;
9.2;1;Zampa to Siriwardana, 1 run;
9.1;?;Zampa to Siriwardana, no run pitches on middle and leg and rips away outside off past the outside edge. Siriwardana did not pick the googly. Beaten;
8.6;1;Head to Siriwardana, 1 run very full on middle, Siriwardana makes room and hammers this down to long-off;
8.5;3;Head to Gunaratne, 3 runs full and angling across off, slashed in the air fine of backward point;
8.4;1;Head to Siriwardana, 1 run slider on middle, chopped to cover for one;
8.3;?;Head to Siriwardana, no run speared outside off, punched to point;
8.2;1;Head to Gunaratne, 1 run skids on off, dabbed to cover;
8.1;W;Head to Munaweera, OUT and he strikes with his first ball! Munaweera can't clear long-on. Pushed through on the stumps from around the wicket, Munaweera after backing away lofts it. Does not get enough power behind it and holes out. Turner gets into a side-on position and takes it;Dilshan Munaweera c Turner b Head 37 (25b 3x4 2x6) SR: 148;
7.6;?;Jhye Richardson to Gunaratne, no run full and angled in on off, jammed out to the leg side;
7.5;?;Jhye Richardson to Gunaratne, no run short and outside off, 142.5ks, Asela was caught between playing and leaving. Nearly chopped this cross-seamer back onto the stumps. Paine puts in another diving save;
7.4;1;Jhye Richardson to Munaweera, 1 run back of a length and outside off, angled out to point;
7.3;W;Jhye Richardson to Mendis, OUT third slower ball of this over, Mendis picked it, and slogged it into the hands of deep midwicket. Full and angled in from over the wicket, Mendis drops to one knee and swings it to Cummins;Kusal Mendis c Cummins b Richardson 14 (10b 2x4 0x6) SR: 140;
7.2;1;Jhye Richardson to Munaweera, 1 run tight line on off, slower ball again, opens the face and dinks a single to point;
7.1;1;Jhye Richardson to Mendis, 1 run full slower ball on middle, Mendis slog-sweeps early and does not connect. The ball brushes the pad and rolls to long leg;
6.6;1;Zampa to Mendis, 1 run;
6.5;4;Zampa to Mendis, FOUR runs dragged short on the off stump, goes deep in the crease and pulls over midwicket. Faulkner runs in and attacks the ball as opposed to sitting back and taking it on the bounce. The ball beats him to the boundary;
6.4;1;Zampa to Munaweera, 1 run slider on off, chopped from there to short third man;
6.3;?;Zampa to Munaweera, no run pushed through on middle, backs away and punches to cover;
6.2;?;Zampa to Munaweera, no run full and hurries on to beat the inside edge and rap the pad;
6.1;?;Zampa to Munaweera, no run quick fizzer on off, mis-hit back to the bowler;
5.6;1;Henriques to Munaweera, 1 run short of a length and outside off, chopped to point;
5.5;4;Henriques to Munaweera, FOUR runs 113.9ks slower ball outside off, very full, drilled away to the right of Finch at mid-off;
5.4;4;Henriques to Munaweera, FOUR runs hip-high short ball on the off stump, swatted away to the right of deep square leg;
5.3;?;Henriques to Munaweera, no run Munaweera jumps down the track and swings. The length was shorter with Henriques beating the batsman again;
5.2;?;Henriques to Munaweera, no run back of a length and skids on outside off, Munaweera steps away outside leg, reaches out for the ball. Slashes and misses;
5.1;1;Henriques to Mendis, 1 run good length and angled in on off, seam-up, tapped to midwicket;
4.6;1;Turner to Mendis, 1 run 92ks flatter and quicker on the stumps, hit into the vacant spaces in the leg side;
4.5;4;Turner to Mendis, FOUR runs pitched up and outside off, Mendis drops to one knee and slogs it over the bowler's head. He aimed midwicket and it went straight;
4.4;1;Turner to Munaweera, 1 run good length on middle, ventures across off and scoops it over the keeper's head;
4.3;?;Turner to Munaweera, no run fired on middle, short again, backs away and flashes to cover;
4.2;1;Turner to Mendis, 1 run shortish on middle, pulled away to deep square leg;
4.1;?;Turner to Mendis, no run non-turning offbreak on off, played to the right of the bowler;
3.6;1;Faulkner to Mendis, 1 run good length and angling away outside off, sliced down to third man;
3.5;1;Faulkner to Munaweera, 1 run hip-high short ball on the leg stump, swatted straight to short fine leg. Faulkner gets away;
3.4;W;Faulkner to Upul Tharanga, OUT Tharanga can't clear the long boundary. Holes out to Richardson at the edge of the deep midwicket boundary. Dug in short and outside off. Tharanga pulls well but can't get it over the man in the deep. Australia find some breathing space;Upul Tharanga c Richardson b Faulkner 14 (12b 1x4 1x6) SR: 116.66;
3.3;?;Faulkner to Upul Tharanga, no run middle-stump yorker, excellent response from Faulkner, dug out;
3.2;6;Faulkner to Upul Tharanga, SIX runs pretty full on off stump, that's just a chip from Tharanga. Mid-on is inside the circle. It disappears over the boundary. That's some shot;
3.1;?;Faulkner to Upul Tharanga, no run starts off with a yorker outside off, squirted out towards point with an angled bat;
2.6;2;Cummins to Munaweera, 2 runs very full on the leg stump, 145.9ks, shovelled away past midwicket;
2.5;?;Cummins to Munaweera, no run 145.5ks, full on middle, held up in the pitch a bit. Munaweera nearly chips a catch to mid-on;
2.5;1w;Cummins to Munaweera, 1 wide short and angled in, Cummins hits the deck hard and gets it to bounce big. Left alone. Too high and that's a wide;
2.4;1lb;Cummins to Upul Tharanga, 1 leg bye 145.4ks missile on the leg stump, Tharanga is beaten for pace. The ball grazes the thigh and rolls to the leg side;
2.3;2;Cummins to Upul Tharanga, 2 runs short on the leg stump, tucks 'em up for room. Deflected fine on the leg side;
2.2;?;Cummins to Upul Tharanga, no run full and angling away past the outside edgfe at 144.4ks. Pace like fire;
2.1;1;Cummins to Munaweera, 1 run Zampa drops it at deep third man. Cummins could have had Munaweera with his first ball. Chest-high short ball just outside off. Munaweera jumps off the ground and ramps it in the air. Zampa back-pedals and loses his balance. Straight in and straight out;
1.6;2;Jhye Richardson to Upul Tharanga, 2 runs hip-high short ball outside off, Tharanga swats it on the back foot to the left of mid-on;
1.5;1;Jhye Richardson to Munaweera, 1 run Munaweera backs away outside leg. This is pushed wide outside off, carved in the air square of deep third man;
1.5;1w;Jhye Richardson to Munaweera, 1 wide really full and slanting down leg past the flick. Wide. Richardson under pressure in his second international;
1.4;4;Jhye Richardson to Munaweera, FOUR runs slower full ball on middle, Munaweera swings early and ends up miscuing the ball over the bowler's head. It still goes to the boundary;
1.3;6;Jhye Richardson to Munaweera, SIX runs length ball angled in towards the leg stump, Munaweera sits back and smashes it over square leg for his second six in three balls;
1.2;?;Jhye Richardson to Munaweera, no run Munaweera moves outside leg, Richardson follows him with a 141ks yorker, sneaks under the legs of the batsman. Superb save from Paine;
1.1;6;Jhye Richardson to Munaweera, SIX runs back of a length on middle, Munaweera ventures deep in the crease and biffs it over long-on for a six;
0.6;?;Turner to Upul Tharanga, no run pushed through quicker, slides in from around the wicket, Tharanga plays across the line and is rapped on the pad but this was heading past the leg stump;
0.5;?;Turner to Upul Tharanga, no run;
0.4;4;Turner to Upul Tharanga, FOUR runs tossed up on leg stump, backs away outside leg and drives it inside-out over the covers. Lovely shot;
0.3;?;Turner to Upul Tharanga, no run straight ball on off, 91.6ks, played back to the bowler;
0.3;1w;Turner to Upul Tharanga, 1 wide angling down the leg side from around the wicket, leg-side wide. Did that brush the pad? Yep, hotspot detects it brushed the flap on its way down the leg side;
0.2;3;Turner to Munaweera, 3 runs much slower through the air outside off, this is chopped away fine of backward point;
0.1;?;Turner to Munaweera, no run flat and skids on outside off, chopped to cover on the back foot;

9.17pm Welcome back. Turner has the new ball. Tharanga are Munaweera are SL's openers.
 Innings Start
Australia
Sri Lanka
3rd T20I (N), Adelaide, Feb 22 2017, Sri Lanka tour of Australia
187/6
146
Player of the match is Adam Zampa, AUS
Australia won by 41 runs
