Data
1.10pm: It's been easy like Sunday morning for Australia and, since they've wrapped England up so quickly, they'll have a bat before luncheon is served. Ben Stokes and Adil Rashid played valiant hands but England couldn't recover from the loss of three early wickets and, more troublingly, Eoin Morgan to concussion. Morgan's health is the most important thing, of course... but Australia are well on their way to clinching this match and the series. Miller will be here in 10 for the resumption.
32.6;W;Agar to Topley, OUT pinned in front and that's all over, red rover! The simplest lbw decision of the day, Topley playing back to one that gripped a little and straightened on off stump, plumb as a pudding;Reece Topley lbw b Agar 6 (38m 27b 0x4 0x6) SR: 22.22;
32.5;?;Agar to Topley, no run floated up on off, defended with the inside half of the bat;
32.4;1;Agar to Rashid, 1 run tossed up and Rashid uses the feet, attempt to heave down the ground again, screws away along the carpet past mid-on and they take the single;
32.3;4;Agar to Rashid, FOUR runs more tap from Rashid, skips out and clears mid-on, a clean swing through the line - this partnership is into the 30s;
32.2;4;Agar to Rashid, FOUR runs orthodox this time, planting the foot and sweeping hard over square leg, bounces away four;
32.1;?;Agar to Rashid, no run skips out and again tries whirl the ball down the ground, sends it to Agar along the ground;
31.6;?;Hastings to Topley, no run fullish, on middle and off, Topley doggedly blocks once more - that's the end of Hastings, finishing with fine figures of 3 for 21;
31.5;?;Hastings to Topley, no run on the stumps, waits for it in the crease and knocks the ball away square;
31.4;1;Hastings to Rashid, 1 run bit of width, decides late to run the ball to third man;
31.3;?;Hastings to Rashid, no run good length on off stump, forward defensive from Rash;
31.2;1;Hastings to Topley, 1 run short and wide and Topley wants a piece of that, slightly stiff-armed swipe and it goes over gully, down to third man on the bounce;
31.1;?;Hastings to Topley, no run length ball, steady as she goes, defended on the stumps;
30.6;1lb;Agar to Topley, 1 leg bye drifts down the leg side, Topley misses with a glance but it rolls away off the pad... and they take the run this time, so Rashid obviously trusts him to face another over from Hastings;
30.5;1;Agar to Rashid, 1 run tossed up wide of the stumps, walks out and punches a single out to deep extra cover;
30.4;?;Agar to Rashid, no run skips out and there's the Dhoni helicopter again, doesn't quite connect properly and digs the ball towards mid-on;
30.3;?;Agar to Rashid, no run bowling round the wicket, flighted outside off, Rashid presses forward to block;
30.2;2;Agar to Rashid, 2 runs on the stumps and flicked with wristy insouciance through square leg, there's a couple in this;
30.1;?;Agar to Rashid, no run tossed up on the stumps and swept backward of square, they elect not to run though;
29.6;?;Hastings to Topley, no run goes back and across, this time he plays away from his body and squirts the ball down to third man - but Rashid denies Topley a run in order to keep the strike;
29.5;?;Hastings to Topley, no run top of off, gets into line, straight bat again;
29.4;?;Hastings to Topley, no run goes wide on the crease, fires the ball in at 87mph, another metronomic half-forward defensive;
29.3;?;Hastings to Topley, no run length on off stump, Toppers blocks again;
29.2;1;Hastings to Rashid, 1 run full again, this time Rashid steers a push into a gap at cover and takes the single;
29.1;?;Hastings to Rashid, no run pitched up outside off and driven - or rather, mistimed - into the covers;
28.6;?;Cummins to Topley, no run good length on the stumps and Topley, who's getting good at this now, taps it safely away square;
28.5;?;Cummins to Topley, no run spears the ball in full on off stump, Topley continues to block diligently;
28.5;1w;Cummins to Topley, 1 wide back of a length, down the leg side, flicks and misses - another extra;
28.4;1;Cummins to Rashid, 1 run pitched up and driven firmly through the covers, they want two but there's a man out there and Topley will have to stay at the danger end;
28.3;?;Cummins to Rashid, no run short ball, drops back and pushes square;
28.3;1w;Cummins to Rashid, 1 wide banged in short, Rashid ducks... and the crowd lairily greets the call of wide;
28.2;5;Cummins to Topley, 5 runs pushed towards point, they set off on a kamikaze run... but Maxwell's effort is wide, fizzes past George Bailey at the non-striker's end and runs for four overthrows! Topley is off the mark with a five;
28.1;?;Cummins to Topley, no run on the stumps, mid-80s mph, defended calmly back in the crease;
21.6;?;Marsh to Wood, no run slightly full, tempting the drive, Wood attempts to hit the cover off again and misses this time;
21.5;?;Marsh to Wood, no run length on off stump, Wood gets across and blocks;
21.5;1w;Marsh to Wood, 1 wide fired down the leg side;
21.4;?;Marsh to Wood, no run pitched up and driven towards mid-on;
21.3;4;Marsh to Wood, FOUR runs four more, this time shovelled over midwicket with a flick of the wrists! Had just enough on it to clear the leap of Burns and run away - cheers for the England 100. A minor achievement, in the context of the morning;
21.2;2;Marsh to Wood, 2 runs length outside off and Wood flashes this over gully, beyond the reach of even the Super Fielder Maxwell;
21.1;?;Marsh to Wood, no run lets this one go through outside off;
20.6;1;Starc to Wood, 1 run full outside off and another thick edge squirts down to third man;
20.5;?;Starc to Wood, no run fires in the yorker, well-directed but Wood manages to drop his timber on it;
20.4;4;Starc to Wood, FOUR runs full and swerving across the right-hander, who pushes at it and gets a thick outside edge wide of the two slips and down to third man;
20.3;1;Starc to Rashid, 1 run presses out and gets an inside edge through the leg side;
20.2;?;Starc to Rashid, no run on the stumps, gets into line and defends;
20.1;4;Starc to Rashid, FOUR runs another beautifully timed stroke from Rashid, whipping a full ball off his pads through backward square for four;
19.6;W;Marsh to Stokes, OUT struck on the pads, up goes the finger - Stokes is a goner, too! Very similar to the Willey dismissal, hit on the knee roll around the line of leg stump, umpire Bailey doesn't take long to make his decision and England have no more reviews. It looked a good appeal at first glance... Captain/Agent Smith and his men have snuffed out Stokes after a feisty knock;Ben Stokes lbw b Marsh 42 (71m 51b 6x4 1x6) SR: 82.35;
19.5;?;Marsh to Stokes, no run length outside off, this shapes back at the left-hander, he judges it well and leaves;
19.4;?;Marsh to Stokes, no run draws his length back, dabbed into the covers;
19.3;6;Marsh to Stokes, SIX runs brutal, Stokes continues his Neo impression with a rousing thwack down the ground for six! Skipped out to a full ball and smoked it back into the sight screen... The crowd, and all right-thinking people, liked that;
19.2;2;Marsh to Stokes, 2 runs tough straight from Marsh, worked away off the pads with a firm clip into a gap at midwicket;
19.1;?;Marsh to Stokes, no run angled across from over the wicket, tapped into the off side;
18.6;4;Cummins to Rashid, FOUR runs lovely stroke, Rashid is off the mark with a crisp square drive! He can bat, make no mistake, using Cummins' pace to his own advantage and cracking it on the up through the off side;
18.5;?;Cummins to Rashid, no run back of a length, stays back and keeps the ball down, the bottom hand coming off the bat;
18.4;?;Cummins to Rashid, no run now the short ball, a snorter, flying through at throat height, Rashid weaves out of the way with impressive sangfroid;
18.3;?;Cummins to Rashid, no run 88mph length delivery on off, Rashid gets front on and blocks doggedly;
18.2;?;Cummins to Rashid, no run gets across his stumps and defends again;
18.1;?;Cummins to Rashid, no run length on off stump, Rashid gets into line and shows it a straight bat;
17.6;?;Marsh to Stokes, no run fullish outside off, Stokes gently taps int the covers for a quiet end to another action-packed over;
17.5;?;Marsh to Stokes, no run comes forward and defends solidly on off stump;
17.4;1;Marsh to Rashid, 1 run length ball on the off stump, there are a couple of slips waiting as Rashid pushes forward, gets a thick inside edge through backward square and a precious run for the cause;
17.3;W;Marsh to Willey, OUT hit on the pads, huge appeal from Marsh... and Bailey's finger goes up! Is that another one gone? Willey asks for the review, this is going to depend on whether the ball pitched in line... and Hawk-Eye says it did, bang on and straightening, would have shuddered the top of leg stump! England are six (effectively seven) down!;David Willey lbw b Marsh 0 (3m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
17.2;?;Marsh to Willey, no run good length, Willey shuffles into line and prods it tentatively to the leg side;
17.1;W;Marsh to Ali, OUT a gloriously Gower-esque departure from Moeen Ali, as if to prove the earlier point! He played the shot on merit, but the upshot is an edge to the keeper and a rather desperate scoreline;Moeen Ali c ?Wade b Marsh 5 (16m 5b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
16.6;?;Cummins to Stokes, no run smashed on the up to point, another excellent over;
16.5;?;Cummins to Stokes, no run;
16.4;?;Cummins to Stokes, no run squelch! Stokes wears one right in the nether-regions and even he has the good grace to laugh about it between gasps for breath;
16.3;2;Cummins to Stokes, 2 runs another well-judged pull shot, he picks it so early, but can't beat the field this time;
16.2;?;Cummins to Stokes, no run;
16.1;?;Cummins to Stokes, no run fast and straight, Stokes bides his time;
15.6;1;Marsh to Stokes, 1 run looking for the quick single, but no way through. Only two from a fine over;
15.5;?;Marsh to Stokes, no run cracked to point, Maxwell lurks;
15.4;?;Marsh to Stokes, no run forward and drilled to mid-off. Solid strike but can't find the gap;
15.3;?;Marsh to Stokes, no run full and straight, nothing doing for the batsman;
15.2;?;Marsh to Stokes, no run full length, driven back towards the bowler;
15.1;1;Marsh to Ali, 1 run edged, through the largely vacant cordon, down to third man;
14.6;?;Cummins to Stokes, no run solidly forward to a good-length delivery;
14.5;?;Cummins to Stokes, no run short again, and Stokes attempts a glide over the slips. Can't quite reach it which is just as well as that might have been a feather to the keeper;
14.4;4;Cummins to Stokes, FOUR runs short and scorched through midwicket, he was onto that the moment he read the length. Beautiful power and placement;
14.3;?;Cummins to Stokes, no run attempted back-foot biff, but the ball was a touch too full;
14.2;4;Cummins to Stokes, FOUR runs genuine edge, but it was straight through the gap, and wouldn't have carried at any rate. The perfect one-day shot ...;
14.1;?;Cummins to Stokes, no run a bit of nibble from back of a length, attempted steer into the covers;
13.6;?;Marsh to Ali, no run forward and defended to complete a successful over;
13.5;?;Marsh to Ali, no run a similar shot second-up, but this time short cover is in the way;
13.4;4;Marsh to Ali, FOUR runs well, that's the way to do it. See ball, hit ball for Ali as he drives fluently through the covers first ball;
13.3;W;Marsh to Bairstow, OUT massive appeal! Very full, very straight, but given not out ... it's a review.... no bat involved, now then, is it hitting leg full enough, indeed it is! That's out!;Jonny Bairstow lbw b Marsh 10 (29m 15b 1x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
13.2;2;Marsh to Bairstow, 2 runs another crunching cut but Starc is in situ on the third man boundary to cut off the four;
13.1;?;Marsh to Bairstow, no run Marsh continues, having been clutching his side between overs;
12.6;?;Cummins to Stokes, no run back on a fuller length, end of the over;
12.5;4;Cummins to Stokes, FOUR runs too short, and emphatically slapped through midwicket. Powerful stroke, perfectly executed. That came at him at 90mph, but oodles of time to see it and slap it;
12.4;?;Cummins to Stokes, no run driven back down the ground;
12.3;?;Cummins to Stokes, no run width, and a slash. No contact;
12.2;1;Cummins to Bairstow, 1 run climbing towards the pads, ricochets out to point, another quick single brings up the fifty;
12.1;1;Cummins to Stokes, 1 run a swished pull out to midwicket, not especially timed but decent shot;
11.6;1;Marsh to Stokes, 1 run full stride and flowing drive, out to the cover sweeper. England starting to build a partnership [cue second wave of collapsing];
11.5;?;Marsh to Stokes, no run outside off, no stroke offered;
11.4;1;Marsh to Bairstow, 1 run wicket to wicket delivery, deflected out to point;
11.3;?;Marsh to Bairstow, no run attempted cut, but there's not enough width for the shot;
11.2;?;Marsh to Bairstow, no run more grimacing from Marsh, who gets incredibly tight to the stumps once again;
11.1;1;Marsh to Stokes, 1 run pushed out to cover, and a definite grimace in the followthrough. An awkward landing in a foothole?;
10.6;?;Cummins to Bairstow, no run back of a length, punched into the covers;
10.5;?;Cummins to Bairstow, no run defended back down the track;
10.4;3;Cummins to Stokes, 3 runs a nibble of width and Stokes is onto it with a measured drive to the edge of the cover boundary;
10.3;?;Cummins to Stokes, no run;
10.2;?;Cummins to Stokes, no run short again, over the shoulder;
10.2;1w;Cummins to Stokes, 1 wide banged in short, too short, ironic cheers;
10.1;1;Cummins to Bairstow, 1 run back of a length, climbing into the splice and a sharp single to third man;
9.6;?;Hastings to Stokes, no run steered into the covers to a loud "no, no, no". That's a no then;
9.5;4;Hastings to Stokes, FOUR runs too full that time, and Stokes loves to drive straight. Weight going through a perfectly perpendicular bat. Beautiful;
9.4;?;Hastings to Stokes, no run forward and defended into the covers;
9.3;?;Hastings to Stokes, no run outside off stump, no stroke offered;
9.2;1;Hastings to Bairstow, 1 run width, and steered out to point, where Maxwell, of all people, misfields to gift a single. He nearly dropped one earlier too ...;
9.1;?;Hastings to Bairstow, no run deflected into the leg-side;
8.6;4;Starc to Stokes, FOUR runs now that's a lovely strike. Very full bat, very full face. Drilled straight down the ground. And that will probably be that for Starc's first spell;
8.5;?;Starc to Stokes, no run tighter line and defended;
8.4;4;Starc to Stokes, FOUR runs full and flumped through the covers. Can't claim he timed the pants off that, but it beat the ring of fielders and had more than enough legs. Lots of bottom hand coming into play;
8.3;?;Starc to Stokes, no run full length, well dug out;
8.2;?;Starc to Stokes, no run pushed into the covers. Starc fields in his followthrough and blows his cheeks a touch. Looks like he turned his ankle a touch. Nothing serious though;
8.1;?;Starc to Stokes, no run width, and no stroke offered;
7.6;4;Hastings to Bairstow, FOUR runs tickled very fine, excellent placement as the fielder dives in vain but can't intercept. Welcome runs for a rather stagnated cause;
7.5;?;Hastings to Bairstow, no run crunched into the point region where Maxwell gathers with a leap;
7.4;1;Hastings to Stokes, 1 run on the back foot, defended into the off side and an urgent scamper through for a single;
7.3;?;Hastings to Stokes, no run another ball whizzes by unchallenged outside off stump;
7.2;?;Hastings to Stokes, no run tidy line, lifting past the off stump, Stokes leaves well alone;
7.1;?;Hastings to Stokes, no run outside off, left alone;
6.6;?;Starc to Bairstow, no run a tame end to a ferocious over. Starc's body language is that of a man who doesn't want to have done what he's just done.;
6.5;?;Starc to Morgan, no run yikes, now that is nasty! Morgan is in real trouble as he wears one on the helmet, a perfectly directed bouncer, but the concern on Australia's faces is genuine. The physio and doctor are out there giving him the once-over, but surely he'll have to retire hurt. It was on to him in a flash, and Morgan took his eyes off the ball at the last split-second as he ducked into it;Eoin Morgan retired hurt 1 (14m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 16.66;
6.4;?;Starc to Morgan, no run solidly forward again;
6.3;?;Starc to Morgan, no run forward and defended, bat and pad together;
6.2;?;Starc to Morgan, no run nips back into the left-hander's pads, it's a rough ride for England today;
6.1;?;Starc to Morgan, no run full and zipping past everything, flashing bat, and off stump remain unscathed though;
5.6;?;Hastings to Stokes, no run solidly forward to meet his first delivery, pushed back to mid-on;
5.5;W;Hastings to Taylor, OUT lovely delivery! Climbed off the deck and Hastings has his reward for perseverance. Taylor's eagerness to put bat on ball is his undoing as he feathers an edge through to Wade, and now England are in serious bother;James Taylor c ?Wade b Hastings 12 (23m 18b 2x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
5.4;?;Hastings to Taylor, no run drawn forward again to meet the gentle but appreciable swing;
5.3;?;Hastings to Taylor, no run watchful defence;
5.2;2;Hastings to Taylor, 2 runs tucked fine into the leg side and excellent scampering brings two more to the total;
5.1;?;Hastings to Taylor, no run drawn forward and defends into the covers;
4.6;1;Starc to Taylor, 1 run rides the bounce and deflects another single down to third man. He's looking busy already in this innings;
4.5;?;Starc to Taylor, no run turned into the leg-side, on the drive again;
4.4;4;Starc to Taylor, FOUR runs forward and drilled through the covers. Superb timing from Taylor, who has no fear of the two slips as he continues to go for his strokes;
4.3;1;Starc to Morgan, 1 run shovelled into the leg side and the skipper is up and running first ball;
4.2;1;Starc to Taylor, 1 run deflected down to third man off the splice as Taylor hops into line. Intentional stroke;
4.1;?;Starc to Taylor, no run line, length, swing. Lots to think about as Taylor rebuilds for England;
3.6;W;Hastings to Hales, OUT so nearly dropped at point, but grabbed at the second attempt! A horrid scratchy innings comes to an end. That was his first real shot in anger, and it scooted straight at Maxwell's head, who eventually clung onto the second attempt down by his knees;Alex Hales c Maxwell b Hastings 4 (20m 12b 1x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
3.5;?;Hastings to Hales, no run fuller length from wide on the crease. Raps the pads but way down leg;
3.4;?;Hastings to Hales, no run excellent line and length from Hastings, a hint of nibble to keep Hales honest;
3.3;?;Hastings to Hales, no run back and across, defended out to cover;
3.2;?;Hastings to Hales, no run left alone on length, brave judgement as the ball fizzes over the top of off;
3.1;4;Hastings to Hales, FOUR runs Hales is off the mark but in no great fashion. A flat-footed swish outside off, and an inside-edge sneaks past the leg stump;
2.6;?;Starc to Taylor, no run banged in short to complete the over. Taylor barely had to flinch to allow that to pass over his inconsiderable frame;
2.5;?;Starc to Taylor, no run tucked up on leg stump with a wicket-to-wicket line. Good riposte from Starc;
2.4;4;Starc to Taylor, FOUR runs wonderful flashing strike. No swing on that as Starc overpitched a fraction and Taylor battered that to the cover boundary;
2.4;1w;Starc to Taylor, 1 wide more lively pace and carry but the line was awry that time;
2.3;?;Starc to Taylor, no run lovely ball, perfect length, nipping away and climbing as it does so. Beats everything;
2.2;?;Starc to Taylor, no run well timed drill into the covers, but safely snaffled at point;
2.1;?;Starc to Taylor, no run drawn forward and punched into the covers;
1.6;?;Hastings to Hales, no run firmly back in the crease. That's a maiden;
1.5;?;Hastings to Hales, no run a bit of lift outside off, Hales chases it with a wafty bat, just about avoids the edge;
1.4;?;Hastings to Hales, no run left alone outside off, no rush there;
1.3;?;Hastings to Hales, no run a tight line into the pads so far this over. Hales hasn't quite got his alignment right yet as his pads wear another delivery;
1.2;?;Hastings to Hales, no run falling across another leg stump delivery. A squeaked appeal but nothing doing;
1.1;?;Hastings to Hales, no run on the pads, turned without power into the leg side;
0.6;?;Starc to Taylor, no run shovelled into the leg side, the end of a lively over;
0.5;?;Starc to Taylor, no run compactly forward, driven into the covers;
0.4;W;Starc to Roy, OUT a low full toss, angling into the pads, and up goes the finger again! Blimey, it was a good case for using a second review in the over. The Aussies in the cordon were taunting him to "use it, go on!" but he didn't and it was a bad error! Hawkeye shows that was missing leg stump by a distance.;Jason Roy lbw b Starc 4 (6m 4b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
0.3;?;Starc to Roy, no run swing, or should I say, schhher-wing! Roy is uncomfortably forward to smother that with bat and pad. Awkward;
0.2;?;Starc to Roy, no run what a riposte! Full and straight, clattering into the knee-roll, and that is given out! Roy calls for a review, and there is a clear suspicion of inside-edge before the pad comes into play. A loud cheer from the crowd, but we await the umpire's verdict ... indeed it is not out!;
0.1;4;Starc to Roy, FOUR runs big swing, sliding down the leg side, helped on its way. Handy start;

10.30am Right, Jerusalem has rung out, the teams are in the middle. A good toss to win is the verdict. We shall see ...
10.20am Whatever happens today, England are unrecognisable from the listless, clueless rabble who skulked home from the World Cup in March, and a lot of the credit for that has to go to Paul Farbrace, the assistant coach who was interim boss in the early weeks of the summer. Gnasher caught up with him yesterday. Read all about it here.
10.10am Members of the England Disability team, which has recently won the inaugural ICRC International T20 tournament in Bangladesh, are parading the trophy around the boundary. Fantastic achievement by them.
10am It's toss time ... Steve Smith and Eoin Morgan line up. Heads is the call from Smith, tails it is, England will bat.
"It looks pretty similar to the last wicket," Morgan says. He confirms Plunkett is out, and Topley debuts. "We wanted to have a look at Reece, he's impressed us."
Stoinis and Pattinson out for Australia, Starc and Agar return.
England 1 Alex Hales, 2 Jason Roy, 3 James Taylor, 4 Eoin Morgan (capt), 5 Ben Stokes, 6 Jonny Bairstow (wk), 7 Moeen Ali, 8 David Willey, 9 Adil Rashid, 10 Reece Topley, 11 Mark Wood
Australia 1 Aaron Finch, 2 Joe Burns, 3 Steven Smith (capt), 4 George Bailey, 5 Glenn Maxwell, 6 Mitchell Marsh, 7 Matthew Wade (wk), 8 Ashton Agar, 9 John Hastings, 10 Mitchell Starc, 11 Pat Cummins
9.55am Mark: "If you had said at the end of April that England could finish the season unbeaten in international series, with a drawn Test series against New Zealand as the only blip, you would have been put in a straitjacket. No one could have predicted this. England have the chance to finish the season on a high by becoming only the 4th team ever to win an ODI series from 2-0 down." ... what he said...
9.45am Good morning and welcome back to Old Trafford for the second time in a week, where Australia remain one game away from sealing the Royal London one-day series. The difference this time, of course, is that England now have a chance to swipe the spoils as well. Yes, indeed, it's the decider. From 0-2 to 2-2, Eoin Morgan's England have a chance to complete the double over the World Cup finalists, having already seen off New Zealand earlier in the season. Bring it on.
Here's an update from Andrew McGlashan at Old Trafford: "A lovely morning in Manchester - needless to say, I should say - as the teams prepare for the decider. No obvious signs of the ways the sides will go with selection as yet, but you'd think Agar will have to return for Australia. Finn is currently looking at the pitch - a different one to earlier in the week - so is that a clue or just useless information? Crowd slowly filtering in, should be a cracking end to the international season."
The interesting news is that we are highly likely to witness an ODI debut for Essex's Reece Topley. He has been handed his cap in the team huddle. No word yet on who makes way, though the suggestion is Liam Plunkett. All shall be revealed at the toss in 5 minutes' time.
 Innings Start
4.05pm: So there we have it, skills have been executed for the final time, champagne corks have popped, cliches put in good areas. England's international summer is over but they'll be back in action in the UAE in just a few weeks' time. Australia will get a break after lengthy peregrinations to the West Indies, England and Ireland, before heading off to Bangladesh and the next step of their rebuilding. We'll be back to cover it all, of course, but we'll sign off with a reader request: "I couldn't help but attempt one last plea for Michael Klinger to represent Australia this summer. Make a young man happy and post this?" I hope the selectors are reading, Dardic, if only so we don't have to keep posting these messages. From myself, Miller, Gnasher and the rest of the team, it's cheerio for now. Bye!
3.50pm: This was the series final, effectively, and Australia showed once again that they're pretty good at them. Not all that dissimilar from the World Cup final, in the way it panned out... Anyway, we're about set for the presentations, which will bring down the curtain on England's international summer. You will all get a special award for sticking around this long*... Mitch Marsh is named Man of the Match and Man of the Series, capping an excellent tour for Mitches: "My bowling is something I've been working on, it's nice to contribute to the team with the ball. Just got to put the ball in the right area and wait for the mistake... [Genuine allrounder?] Tough question, I just want to keep improving both facets of my game and contributing for Australia. If I can do that, the rest will look after itself. Shame to lose the Ashes but, with a few injuries, to win this series is great."
Stand-in England captain James Taylor: "Yeah, [Morgan] received a serious ball from Starc, he's a bit groggy, hopefully he pulls up well. Credit to the way Australia bowled well first up, they got those early wickets, we lost wickets in clumps, then Morgy got hit... Think it was a better wicket [than for the third ODI], it nipped around and swung early. They bowled well. It's an honour to captain your country, shame that Morgy couldn't take the field. There's some exceptionally talented players in England with bat and ball, we've put the world champions under serious pressure, unfortunately we couldn't quite take it on. [Reece Topley] Exciting talent, he's got some great skills, shame we didn't have many more runs for him to defend. It has been a brilliant summer, we've played some top-class cricket and it's been exciting to be part of it. [Pakistan tour next] We've got some brilliant players of spin, with the exciting brand of cricket we're playing, we'll be taking it on in the UAE."
Australia captain Steve Smith: "Extremely satisfying, but also got a lot of concern for Eoin, hope he's okay. This team's been through some tough times, what happened last summer, and you never want to see that sort of thing on a cricket field. [Early wickets] We haven't done that so well in the series, with the new ball, but we were spot on today, with the early start, it was probably a good toss to lose. There's lots of good young fast bowlers there, the good thing is we were able to win this series without a lot of our experienced players. It's been a long trip on the road, looking forward to some time at home, Bangladesh will be a tough tour but looking forward to the challenge. It's been a tough couple of months for us, England were great during the Ashes, and the same in the one-day series, they kept coming back at us."
*You are the engine which drives ball-by-ball commentary and for that we salute you. Well, you and the actual balls, of course
3.40pm: We've had a whopping anticlimax at Old Trafford but, nevermind, to the victors the spoils. Australia finish their tour with a series win, in the process preventing England's reborn one-day dashers from becoming only the fourth team to come all the way back from 2-0 down. The concussion suffered by Eoin Morgan possibly shook England up as a team, too, though they had already lost three wickets, having chosen to bat, by that stage. Nothing wrong with the track but John Hastings and Mitchell Marsh, in particular, found the nagging lines to trouble the batsmen. It's been a summer of love for England's ODI team but they've ended it with a vintage blooper. Love hurts, after all. I'm pretty that'll be the gist of Brydon's report.
24.2;4;Topley to Bailey, FOUR runs outside off, Bailey has a swish and gets a thick edge down to third man... They've rattled them off, meaning Australia win by eight wickets and take the series 3-2;
24.1;1;Topley to Finch, 1 run back of a length and clipped through square leg;
23.6;?;Ali to Bailey, no run pushed through outside off, reverse-swept again but straight to the fielder;
23.5;2;Ali to Bailey, 2 runs chipped down the ground, Bailey places this rather than attempts to hit a homer, the fielder runs round to wide long-on to cut it off;
23.4;?;Ali to Bailey, no run flat on off stump, nudged along the carpet with a close of the bat face, straight to backward square;
23.3;1;Ali to Finch, 1 run length ball, flat outside off, drops back and nurdles another single through square leg;
23.2;1;Ali to Bailey, 1 run pushed through outside off, reverses the hands and swipes one more to short third man;
23.1;?;Ali to Bailey, no run tossed up full and quite wide, into the gloves as Bailey leaves it alone;
22.6;1;Topley to Bailey, 1 run takes the pace off again, Bailey isn't fooled, rocks back to pull one more to deep backward square;
22.5;?;Topley to Bailey, no run length ball on off stump, shuffles into line and blocks back to the bowler;
22.4;1;Topley to Finch, 1 run another cutter, waits for it and tucks one more through square off the hips;
22.3;1lb;Topley to Bailey, 1 leg bye short, at the body, hits the thigh pad and dribbles into the leg side;
22.2;4lb;Topley to Bailey, 4 leg byes angled in from round the wicket, just a scratch of bat on it from Bailey sends the ball fine to the boundary;
22.1;1;Topley to Finch, 1 run slower ball, back of a length, waits on it and paddles down to fine leg;
22.1;2w;Topley to Bailey, 2 wide short ball, over the batsman, think maybe a wide on height... and they steal another running to the keeper;
21.6;?;Ali to Finch, no run darted in on the stumps and pushed towards mid-on;
21.5;2;Ali to Finch, 2 runs gets lucky, having a go at Moeen, tried to sock him down the ground and instead sent a steepler into the off side... but it landed safely, no one nearby;
21.4;4;Ali to Finch, FOUR runs finds the boundary this time, taking another delivery from outside off and muscling it to deep backward square between two fielders;
21.3;2;Ali to Finch, 2 runs tossed up, swept into a gap this time and they come back for the second;
21.2;1;Ali to Bailey, 1 run on the stumps, Bailey follows suit and paddles one towards fine leg;
21.1;1;Ali to Finch, 1 run tossed up, Finch is down early to sweep one towards deep backward square;
20.6;?;Topley to Bailey, no run fullish, pushed back into the off side;
20.5;1;Topley to Finch, 1 run good length, 84mph outside off stump, sits back and runs one more to third man;
20.4;4;Topley to Finch, FOUR runs beautiful shot, touch full and crumped back past mid-on to the fence;
20.4;1w;Topley to Finch, 1 wide this one is, however, a bumper veering to leg as Finch tries to pull;
20.3;?;Topley to Finch, no run shortish, down the leg side, Finch swats at it and misses... not called wide;
20.2;?;Topley to Finch, no run slower ball, outside off, tapped gently into the covers;
20.1;?;Topley to Finch, no run round the wicket, angled in and tucked to the leg side;
19.6;1;Ali to Finch, 1 run on the stumps, nudged through the leg side;
19.5;?;Ali to Finch, no run pushed through, Finch waits in his crease and defends;
19.4;?;Ali to Finch, no run tossed up outside off, goes down to sweep again and is hit on the body;
19.3;4;Ali to Finch, FOUR runs swept hard and the ball goes flying away through backward point for another four, Finch raises his bat for a typically brisk fifty;
19.2;?;Ali to Finch, no run some spin, coming back in to hit the pads... but I think he was outside the line;
19.1;4;Ali to Finch, FOUR runs on the stumps, Finch swings those meaty forearms through a sweep and gets it fine enough for four - that's the Australia 100;
18.6;?;Rashid to Bailey, no run flighted, big wind up from Bailey but his drive finds short extra cover;
18.5;2;Rashid to Bailey, 2 runs tossed up wide of the stumps, drives with an open face, behind deep point for a couple;
18.4;1;Rashid to Finch, 1 run drags this short, on the legs, tucked through backward square to the man on the boundary;
18.3;1;Rashid to Bailey, 1 run gives it some air, Bailey gets across and punches through the covers for one more into the deep;
18.2;1;Rashid to Finch, 1 run flighted, on off stump, driven back down the ground past the bowler;
18.1;?;Rashid to Finch, no run floated up outside off, tapped into the covers reaching forwards;
17.6;?;Ali to Bailey, no run shuffles outside off, Moeen sends it down flat, plays late with whatever turn there is but sends it along the ground to short fine leg;
17.5;?;Ali to Bailey, no run pushed through on off, Bailey cautiously taps it back to the bowler;
17.4;?;Ali to Bailey, no run darted in on off stump, worked to midwicket coming forwards;
17.3;1;Ali to Finch, 1 run pretty fast, flat offspin, 58mph on the stumps, down on one knee to sweep to deep backward square;
17.2;?;Ali to Finch, no run flat on middle and off, punched back to the bowler;
17.1;1;Ali to Bailey, 1 run pushed through on the stumps, glanced through midwicket;
16.6;?;Rashid to Finch, no run flat and a bit quicker outside off, into the keeper's gloves as Finch goes back and sticks out a pad;
16.5;4;Rashid to Finch, FOUR runs floated up on the stumps, Finch plays around his pad but gets plenty of bat on a sweep through backward square, another boundary;
16.4;?;Rashid to Finch, no run full on the stumps, worked to leg but midwicket cuts it off;
16.3;?;Rashid to Finch, no run pushed through outside off, drops back and cuts but finds backward point;
16.2;?;Rashid to Finch, no run tossed up, straightening in the channel, poked into the off side;
16.1;1;Rashid to Bailey, 1 run flighted outside off, reaches out and pushes towards a gap at mid-off;
15.6;4;Wood to Finch, FOUR runs oh, fetch that, too full and too straight and whipped away through midwicket for four more - that's the 50 stand, almost all of them in the six overs since the interval;
15.5;?;Wood to Finch, no run slightly false shot, closing the face and gets a leading edge back down the track;
15.4;?;Wood to Finch, no run full again, Finch clubs another menacing drive but Wood snatches it up in his follow through;
15.3;4;Wood to Finch, FOUR runs sumptuous drive, too full from Wood and it's bullied back through mid-off, Topley thinks he's in the race but ultimately gets nowhere near pulling it in;
15.2;?;Wood to Finch, no run fullish, defended coming forwards;
15.1;2;Wood to Finch, 2 runs good length in the channel, controlled dab wide of third man and they come back for two;
14.6;4;Rashid to Bailey, FOUR runs another short ball from Rashid and clubbed away out towards deep midwicket for a third boundary in the over - Australia are past the halfway mark;
14.5;4;Rashid to Bailey, FOUR runs four more, carted high and wide of mid-on, this was struck really powerfully, going back to a ball that skidded on;
14.4;?;Rashid to Bailey, no run floated up wide of the stumps, spinning into the keeper's gloves as Bailey leaves;
14.3;4;Rashid to Bailey, FOUR runs drags this down and Bailey hoicks it over midwicket, there's a man in the deep - prompting a shout of "catch!" from Rashid - but it was placed well in front of him and bounces away;
14.2;2;Rashid to Bailey, 2 runs googly, outside off, punched through the covers in front of the man in the deep;
14.1;?;Rashid to Bailey, no run flighted, legbreak on off stump, pushed gently back to the bowler;
13.6;1;Wood to Bailey, 1 run pitched up and this time Bailey pushes-and-runs wide of mid-off for a comfortable single;
13.5;?;Wood to Bailey, no run full length, steps out to drive but finds the man in front of square;
13.4;4;Wood to Bailey, FOUR runs slightly short and crashed through point, using the pace of a 92mph delivery, there was width and he played the cut well, keeping on top of the ball;
13.3;?;Wood to Bailey, no run pitched up a little further, 91mph and blocked coming forwards;
13.2;?;Wood to Bailey, no run ripper of a delivery from Wood, climbing rapidly past the outside edg as Bailey prods at it;
13.1;1;Wood to Finch, 1 run tapped into the covers and they pinch a risky single, the throw would have challenged Finch's footspeed... but only if it was on target;
12.6;?;Rashid to Bailey, no run tossed up, another googly, stays back and blocks;
12.5;?;Rashid to Bailey, no run Bailey is weighing anchor still, defends on his stumps;
12.4;3lb;Rashid to Finch, 3 leg byes down the leg side, a googly that spins and flicks the pad on its way past Bairstow;
12.3;?;Rashid to Finch, no run flatter outside off, maybe a googly, Finch plays this watchfully;
12.2;6;Rashid to Finch, SIX runs very full and wide and Finch clouts it down the ground... there's a man at long-off but the shot comfortably clears him! Finch isn't going to muck about with the target now in double figures;
12.1;4;Rashid to Finch, FOUR runs pushed through outside off and Finch immediately sets about him, slashing a drive up and away over backward point;
11.6;?;Wood to Bailey, no run back of a length outside off, lets this one go;
11.5;4;Wood to Bailey, FOUR runs hammered! Short stuff from Wood, testing Bailey's mettle, he passes all right, whistling a pull over the crouching Taylor and away to the square leg boundary;
11.4;?;Wood to Bailey, no run back of a length, coming back in at 90mph, tucked down to short leg on the bounce... Taylor then shapes to throw at the non-striker's end;
11.3;?;Wood to Bailey, no run comes across and pushes the ball in front of square;
11.2;1;Wood to Finch, 1 run 86mph, dropped into the covers, they hustle through for a single;
11.1;?;Wood to Finch, no run good length outside off, Finch shuffles out to block;
10.6;?;Willey to Bailey, no run on the stumps, tucked short into the leg side;
10.5;?;Willey to Bailey, no run length ball in the channel, Bailey is happy to get his eye in again and lets it go;
10.4;?;Willey to Bailey, no run pushed across outside off, this goes straight on and Bailey leaves;
10.3;?;Willey to Bailey, no run comes forward to defend on off stump;
10.2;?;Willey to Bailey, no run good length, threatening to coming back in, Bailey plants his front foot and shoulders arms;
10.1;?;Willey to Bailey, no run back of a length outside off, Bailey steers it into the ground towards backward point;
9.6;?;Wood to Finch, no run attacking the stumps, fended away. And that, unusually for an ODI, will be lunch;
9.5;?;Wood to Finch, no run driven back to the bowler who gathers in his followthrough. Finch splits his bat in the process and anyone desperate for their lunch will have to wait even longer now ...;
9.4;?;Wood to Finch, no run outside off, Finch thought about having a go but shouldered arms at the last minute. 92mph that one ...;
9.3;1lb;Wood to Bailey, 1 leg bye big oooh from the crowd as Wood nips one into the pads but that was going way over the stumps, as it deflects down to third man;
9.2;4;Wood to Bailey, FOUR runs not that way, it won't. Not much wrong with the ball but Bailey quickly onto the front foot and that is drilled through the gap;
9.1;W;Wood to Smith, OUT edged and gone! Smith falls in the final over before lunch! Just held its line outside off, a firm drive, snicks the edge, and England have a glimmer (no more than that) as George Bailey comes to the crease;Steven Smith c ?Bairstow b Wood 12 (30m 28b 1x4 0x6) SR: 42.85;
8.6;?;Willey to Finch, no run another maiden. Where's the hurry?;
8.5;?;Willey to Finch, no run defended once again. Australia are playing for lunch it would appear...;
8.4;?;Willey to Finch, no run up on his toes, driving back to the bowler who fields in his followthrough;
8.3;?;Willey to Finch, no run punched to mid-on, no width to work with here;
8.2;?;Willey to Finch, no run nudged to midwicket from just back of a length;
8.1;?;Willey to Finch, no run;
7.6;?;Wood to Smith, no run blocked back down the track. It's a maiden;
7.5;?;Wood to Smith, no run forward and defended to cover;
7.4;?;Wood to Smith, no run sharp delivery, scraping past the off stump as the batsman leaves alone;
7.3;?;Wood to Smith, no run defended to mid-on;
7.2;?;Wood to Smith, no run inside-edged drive to short midwicket;
7.1;?;Wood to Smith, no run good areas, good wheels. As they say;
6.6;1;Willey to Smith, 1 run flicked into the leg side, beats the field. Three off the over;
6.5;?;Willey to Smith, no run crashed out to cover, same direction, more aggressive shot. Same result;
6.4;?;Willey to Smith, no run pushed out to cover;
6.3;?;Willey to Smith, no run adding the top of off, a hint of swing back into the pads. Not quite the full Ryan Sidebottom but good delivery nonetheless;
6.2;?;Willey to Smith, no run tight lines again;
6.1;2;Willey to Smith, 2 runs turned off the hip;
5.6;?;Topley to Finch, no run excellent finish, ghosting past the edge with a hint of lift and decent swing;
5.5;4;Topley to Finch, FOUR runs crunched down the ground. Right in the slot for the shot and England's determined start has been undone in this over;
5.5;2nb;Topley to Smith, (no ball) 1 run short again, swished to backward square leg, and a free hit coming up ... not the ideal scenario for England;
5.4;1;Topley to Finch, 1 run turned into the leg-side again;
5.3;4;Topley to Finch, FOUR runs short again and pulled, the runs starting to flow as Willey drops short. No cutting that off at square leg;
5.2;?;Topley to Finch, no run tighter line, defended;
5.1;4;Topley to Finch, FOUR runs a rare loose delivery and Finch slaps it hard in front of point. That was there to be hit, too short and too wide;
4.6;?;Willey to Smith, no run good finish to the over, joining the dots effectively;
4.5;?;Willey to Smith, no run defended on an off-stump line;
4.5;1w;Willey to Smith, 1 wide slides down the leg-side this time;
4.4;?;Willey to Smith, no run good areas, good areas. Smith bides his time as Willey targets the top of off;
4.3;?;Willey to Smith, no run tight wicket-to-wicket delivery. Defended;
4.2;?;Willey to Smith, no run nasty, surprise delivery, just nips off the track to take the gloves in front of Smith's nose;
4.2;1w;Willey to Smith, 1 wide outside off, tempting the loose drive, but too much width that time;
4.1;4;Willey to Smith, FOUR runs opens the face to good effect, that runs away to the boundary;
3.6;1;Topley to Smith, 1 run drilled into the gap, but not timed, a tumbling stop limits the damage. Another good over from a pumped-up England team;
3.5;?;Topley to Smith, no run tidy swing from Topley, demanding an honest response;
3.4;?;Topley to Smith, no run pushed out to point;
3.3;?;Topley to Smith, no run tighter line, defended down into the crease;
3.3;1w;Topley to Smith, 1 wide big swing again, maybe a harsh call as that went very late. Encouraging signs with the new ball though;
3.2;?;Topley to Smith, no run big outswing to the right-hander, and an uneasy drive deflects off the toe;
3.1;?;Topley to Smith, no run short, smashed on the up out to point, but easily fielded;
2.6;?;Willey to Finch, no run forward and defended, another tight over, Australia aren't having it all their own way today;
2.5;?;Willey to Finch, no run climbs into the splice from back of a length. Lots of intent so far from England, who are being backed by a vocal crowd;
2.4;3;Willey to Smith, 3 runs on the toes, turned to short midwicket, where two men were lurking for that very stroke. And somehow he bissected them both! Smith living dangerously;
2.3;?;Willey to Smith, no run outside off, swinging away, no stroke offered;
2.2;W;Willey to Burns, OUT Willey makes the breakthrough! No swing, that one just held its line, took the edge as Burns flapped limply outside off, and England have the vital early wicket!;Joe Burns c ?Bairstow b Willey 0 (9m 10b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
2.1;1;Willey to Finch, 1 run full length, attacking the base of the stumps;
1.6;?;Topley to Burns, no run outside off, good carry through to the keeper. Another maiden, as there was a leg bye to get Australia's innings up and running;
1.5;?;Topley to Burns, no run pushed out to cover;
1.4;?;Topley to Burns, no run forward and defended into the covers;
1.3;1lb;Topley to Finch, 1 leg bye a rowdy appeal but that was nipping back too much;
1.2;?;Topley to Finch, no run good full length, defended back down the track;
1.1;?;Topley to Finch, no run short, and shovelled round the corner, short fine leg tidies up;
0.6;?;Willey to Burns, no run shoulders arms to complete the maiden over. Tidy start;
0.5;?;Willey to Burns, no run forward again, uncomfortable defence to a tight line;
0.4;?;Willey to Burns, no run outside off, lifting past the stumps. Left alone;
0.3;?;Willey to Burns, no run drawn forward, solid defence back down the track;
0.2;?;Willey to Burns, no run angled across the right-hander, and Burns flirts outside off. Not a good shot but he survives;
0.1;?;Willey to Burns, no run good length, nips back, hits the pad;

Well, here goes nothing. David Willey to Joe Burns
 Innings Start
England
Australia
5th ODI, Manchester, Sep 13 2015, Australia tour of England and Ireland
138
140/2
Player of the match is Mitchell Marsh, AUS
Australia won by 8 wickets (with 154 balls remaining)
