Data
So, Australia reach 239 for 7 in their 50. It looked like they were going to get a lot more than that in the first half hour today, but England picked up regular wickets after breaking the opening stand, and really Australia owe everything to Cameron White, who held the innings together to finish unbeaten on 86. Steven Smith deserves a mention too - he never really looked settled and played some ungainly shots, but he stuck around to take his team past 200 in adding 84, the highest stand of the innings, with White. Stuart Broad was the pick of England's attack, taking four wickets on his 24th birthday. Yardy was economical, and Wright kept things nice and tight too. Who would've thought Graeme Swann would only bowl four overs on a wicket expected to take turn? But England have had the better of this innings, and should be favourites to win this game from here. Still, anything could happen! While I scrounge some food, check out Brydon's bulletin. It's a stirring read!
49.6;1;Bresnan to White, 1 run good yorker, White digs it out and they charge through regardless. Bresnan picks the ball up in his follow through but White beats him to the other end, so a single off the last ball;
49.5;W;Bresnan to Hopes, OUT full, straight Hopes hammers it back to the bowler and they go for the run though the ball went straight back to Bresnan and he held it cleanly. Hopes is run out, really he sacrificed himself to get White on strike for the last delivery;James Hopes run out (Bresnan) 8 (20m 7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 114.28;
49.4;1;Bresnan to White, 1 run he does, and the ball is crashed down to that man at long off;
49.4;1w;Bresnan to White, 1 wide very short indeed, this loops way over White and down the leg side too. That wasn't pretty, and immediately called wide;
49.3;4;Bresnan to White, FOUR runs Bresnan digs one in short and White hammers a pull out behind square on the leg side! That's going to prompt another change in the field, Bresnan isn't happy with this bowling plan;
49.2;4;Bresnan to White, FOUR runs thumped straight back over Bresnan's head, one bounce and into the boundary boards!;
49.1;2;Bresnan to White, 2 runs smashed high, very high over cover, Collingwood charges back as long off comes round, but neither of them can get to it and the ball plugs into safely into the turf;
48.6;1;Anderson to White, 1 run much better, full and straight and just a single taken as the ball goes to short fine leg;
48.5;6;Anderson to White, SIX runs very high full toss, almost waist height, and White isn't going to miss out on that! He smashes it, baseball-style, high over cow corner for six! Australia need a few more of those...;
48.4;1;Anderson to Hopes, 1 run Hopes charges down the track and smashes the ball over cover. Good shot, but there's a man out there to cut it off so just the one;
48.3;1;Anderson to White, 1 run driven down to long on, great stuff from Anderson, very disciplined;
48.2;1;Anderson to Hopes, 1 run very low full toss punched to wide long on again, again not wide enough of that man for them to scamper back for two;
48.1;1;Anderson to White, 1 run swiped to wide long on, just the single;
47.6;1;Broad to White, 1 run backs away and Broad follows him with a full ball, pushed softly to square leg and they charge through;
47.5;?;Broad to White, no run double bluff from White, but it didn't help him! He backed to leg, and then shuffled way over to the off side as Broad gathered, but the ball came down on a length just outside off and he couldn't get a touch on it;
47.4;2;Broad to White, 2 runs and he duly taps the ball out to that fielder, and very sharp running get's them two;
47.3;1;Broad to Hopes, 1 run back of a length and quick, he pulls mightily but doesn't quite get the connection he was after, the ball goes to midwicket;
47.2;1;Broad to White, 1 run on the hips, tucked to midwicket and just a single;
47.1;?;Broad to White, no run sharp bouncer! White backed to leg and Broad followed him with a short one. He went through with the hook though he was in no position to do so, but the ball zips past him;
46.6;1;Anderson to White, 1 run full and driven to deep mid off, White keeps strike;
46.5;1;Anderson to Hopes, 1 run slower-ball bouncer, hoicked out to deep midwicket;
46.4;?;Anderson to Hopes, no run that's more like it. Yorker right in the blockhole and Hopes can't do any better than keep it away from his stumps;
46.3;4;Anderson to Hopes, FOUR runs ooh, doesn't quite find the yorker length this time. The ball slips out as a half-volley and Hopes hammers it through the covers for four;
46.2;1;Anderson to White, 1 run very full again, low full toss this time, and pushed down to long on;
46.1;?;Anderson to White, no run pinpoint yorker from Anderson, White has a big swing but the ball rolls easily back to the bowler;
41.6;1;Wright to Smith, 1 run back of a length, angling in, and tucked to midwicket for one;
41.5;1;Wright to White, 1 run fuller and straighter, White pushes him down to long on to rotate the strike;
41.4;?;Wright to White, no run crunch! He slaps a slightly shorter ball very firmly off the back foot to cover, but straight to the fielder;
41.3;?;Wright to White, no run nice length, drawing him forward but not quite there to drive. He pushes the ball to cover;
41.2;1;Wright to Smith, 1 run angling in to the hips, tucked to fine leg;
41.1;1;Wright to White, 1 run that's nipped in a touch off the seam, White had shaped to punch through cover but instead picks up a single on the leg side as an inside edge trickles to midwicket;
40.6;1;Yardy to White, 1 run a touch short, but quick and straight and White is content to push it down to long off for one;
40.5;?;Yardy to White, no run low full toss on middle and leg, punched hard back to the bowler;
40.4;1;Yardy to Smith, 1 run full, wide and driven backward of square on the off side by Smith, again sweeper runs round - in the other direction this time - to cut it off. He must be pooped!;
40.3;1;Yardy to White, 1 run aggressive drive through cover from White, the sweeper sprints round to cut it off;
40.2;1;Yardy to Smith, 1 run driven hard down to long on;
40.1;?;Yardy to Smith, no run Smith backs way to leg and tries to run the ball down to third man, but finds gully;
45.6;1;Broad to White, 1 run dropped just behind point for a quick single;
45.5;W;Broad to Smith, OUT gone this time! Well, it was an energetic innings from Smith, but he's played too early at this one as he tried to pick the ball up over the leg side. The ball took the leading edge and looped up quite high but not very far, and Collingwood at cover takes an easy catch;Steven Smith c Collingwood b Broad 41 (63m 53b 3x4 0x6) SR: 77.35;
45.4;?;Broad to Smith, no run huge swipe to leg, but he's missed it completely and the ball flies over the top of middle;
45.3;1;Broad to White, 1 run chance for a run out! Broad sent down a slower cutter, which White tapped back down the wicket. The batsmen set off straight away, Broad leapt across the wicket and gathered the ball but his back-handed throw missed the stumps with White well short;
45.2;1;Broad to Smith, 1 run a flat-batted hack to a shortish ball on middle runs wide of mid on and they scramble through;
45.1;?;Broad to Smith, no run quick, on a length and outside off. Smith aims to carve him through point but doesn't connect;
44.6;3;Anderson to Smith, 3 runs slapped to point, and a misfield allows them to pick up three;
44.5;4;Anderson to Smith, FOUR runs shot! Shades of Tatenda Taibu there, Smith backs metres away to leg, Anderson fires one full and wide outside off and Smith flays him over point from a kneeling position. Good shot in the end, four runs!;
44.4;1;Anderson to White, 1 run backs away to leg and drives to long off;
44.3;1;Anderson to Smith, 1 run low full toss, and Smith is audibly annoyed at having missed out on that as he clips softly to square leg;
44.2;1;Anderson to White, 1 run very full again, flicked out square on the leg side;
44.1;?;Anderson to White, no run drama! Anderson fires in a yorker, White jammed his bat down and the ball went nowhere but Smith had charged down for the single. As he turns to get back he runs into Anderson, who was trying to get to the ball, and they briefly engage in a flurry of arms and legs. All good natured stuff, of course;
43.6;?;Broad to Smith, no run just over the top of middle! Smith gave himself acres of room, Broad sent down a slower cutter on a length and the ball beat the bat, looping just over the stumps;
43.5;1;Broad to White, 1 run again he backs away to leg, but Broad follows him this time with a full, straight ball which is wristily pushed down to long on;
43.4;4;Broad to White, FOUR runs short again and slapped up and over cover point! Nice shot, he was in an awkward position but that was hit really hard;
43.3;?;Broad to White, no run short, wide and White tried to uppercut over short third man - there's no-one on the boundary there - but he can't get a connection. He's annoyed by that...;
43.2;1;Broad to Smith, 1 run slower-ball bouncer, and pulled out to deep square;
43.1;2;Broad to Smith, 2 runs short ball on off stump and Smith hacks it out to cover. He was aiming leg side but ended up swiping to off as he backed away;
42.6;?;Yardy to White, no run angling in to the pad, White tries to flick to leg but can't get anything on it;
42.5;1;Yardy to Smith, 1 run low full toss, driven out to boundary rider on the off side;
42.4;1;Yardy to White, 1 run and that'll be fifty for White, slapped away square on the off side and out to the cover sweeper;
42.3;?;Yardy to White, no run this keeps low! But White is solidly behind it in defence;
42.2;1;Yardy to Smith, 1 run pushed to long off, and White has the strike again;
42.1;2;Yardy to Smith, 2 runs a touch short, slashed away behind square on the off side;
39.6;?;Wright to White, no run flipped straight to midwicket;
39.5;2;Wright to White, 2 runs tries to open up through the off side, but it skews off a thick outside edge and flies square over point;
39.4;?;Wright to White, no run punched back down the pitch again where Wright makes a good save in his follow through;
39.3;?;Wright to White, no run back of a length, White nearly forces a return catch as he drives a touch early and his bottom hand comes off the bat;
39.2;4;Wright to White, FOUR runs a rare boundary...White connects well against a sharp bouncer, pulled in the air for a while but he picked the gap between deep square and fine leg;
39.1;1;Wright to Smith, 1 run tucked out to deep square;
38.6;?;Yardy to White, no run driven into the off side and can't beat cover;
38.5;1;Yardy to Smith, 1 run leans back and drives through the covers to the sweeper;
38.4;?;Yardy to Smith, no run can't beat the man at midwicket as he works off his pads;
38.3;?;Yardy to Smith, no run tries to sweep from outside off and gets a bottom edge into his pads;
38.2;?;Yardy to Smith, no run flat outside off, pushed into the off side;
38.1;1;Yardy to White, 1 run round the wicket with his low arm action, angled to leg stump, pushed down to long on;
37.6;?;Wright to Smith, no run another wild heave across the line from Smith...he's better than that, and surprisingly doesn't make contact and is lucky not to be bowled;
37.5;1;Wright to White, 1 run on leg stump, worked through midwicket and good work in the deep keeps them to a single;
37.4;?;Wright to White, no run on off stump, Wright fields in his follow through;
37.3;1;Wright to Smith, 1 run drifts onto leg stump, tucked neatly off his legs out to deep square;
37.2;1;Wright to White, 1 run same place in the off side, same result for White this time;
37.1;1;Wright to Smith, 1 run full on off stump, dropped square on the off side for a well-judged single;
36.6;?;Bresnan to White, no run good stuff from Bresnan, tight on off stump and White defends again;
36.5;?;Bresnan to White, no run behind the line and defends to the on side;
36.4;1;Bresnan to Smith, 1 run much more controlled, angled away with an open face to third man;
36.3;?;Bresnan to Smith, no run full outside off, met with a wild swing across the line from Smith and he was never in a shape to make contact with that;
36.2;?;Bresnan to Smith, no run back of a length and tucked out to midwicket;
36.1;?;Bresnan to Smith, no run on middle and defended back to Bresnan in his follow through;
35.6;?;Swann to White, no run digs out a yorker back to the bowler;
35.5;1;Swann to Smith, 1 run tossed up outside off, driven out to the cover sweeper;
35.4;1;Swann to White, 1 run another strong sweep as White clubs this along the ground into the deep;
35.3;1;Swann to Smith, 1 run goes back into his crease and tucks this out to deep square;
35.2;?;Swann to Smith, no run defended into the on side;
35.1;4;Swann to Smith, FOUR runs another boundary, this time from Smith, as he sweeps hard from outside off and beats deep square;
34.6;4;Bresnan to White, FOUR runs short and wide, White stays on the back foot and hammers it square through the off side with enough power to beat deep cover;
34.5;1;Bresnan to Smith, 1 run short again and helped out to deep square-leg;
34.4;1;Bresnan to White, 1 run short and pushed down the leg side, White swivels on a pull down to long leg;
34.3;1;Bresnan to Smith, 1 run flicked off leg stump out to deep square;
34.2;?;Bresnan to Smith, no run that's a good leave...delivered from quite wide and it angled back at Smith who shoulders arms, with the ball passing close to off stump;
34.1;?;Bresnan to Smith, no run on middle, defended down the on side;
33.6;?;Swann to White, no run blocked into the leg side and midwicket prevents a single;
33.5;?;Swann to White, no run back to defence, into the off side;
33.4;6;Swann to White, SIX runs take that...White's had enough of prodding and poking, so instead swings this high over long on off one knee;
33.3;?;Swann to White, no run pushed back to the bowler as tries to turn to leg;
33.2;1;Swann to Smith, 1 run whipped from outside off down to long on;
33.1;?;Swann to Smith, no run cut away from off stump, Broad uses all his height to make a good save at backward point;
32.6;?;Yardy to White, no run defended back to the bowler;
32.5;4;Yardy to White, FOUR runs fetches this from outside off, swept hard through square leg and Swann makes a complete hash of the stop on the boundary;
32.4;?;Yardy to White, no run driven in the air but falls of short midwicket;
32.3;?;Yardy to White, no run dragged down on leg stump and Yardy gets away with it as White bottom edges to short fine-leg;
32.2;1;Yardy to Smith, 1 run turned off the stumps through square leg;
32.1;1;Yardy to White, 1 run fired in at leg stump, White pushes with a straight bat and beats the diving midwicket;
31.6;1;Anderson to White, 1 run rocks onto the back foot and drives out to deep cover;
31.5;?;Anderson to White, no run tight on off stump, White comes half forward and defends with bat and pad together;
31.4;1;Anderson to Smith, 1 run dropped into the covers and they scamper a quick one;
31.3;4;Anderson to Smith, FOUR runs top shot, Anderson went full on middle stump and Smith met it with a full face to drive perfectly down the ground;
31.2;?;Anderson to Smith, no run good line outside off, left alone;
31.1;1;Anderson to White, 1 run well bowled, full on middle and off, takes the outside edge down to third man;
30.6;1;Yardy to White, 1 run stays on the back foot and chops out to the cover sweeper;
30.5;1;Yardy to Smith, 1 run swept from leg stump out to deep square;
30.4;?;Yardy to Smith, no run dragged down short outside off, but the cut isn't timed and goes straight to cover;
30.3;?;Yardy to Smith, no run on off stump, turned out to midwicket;
30.2;?;Yardy to Smith, no run round the wicket, flat outside off, left alone;
30.1;1;Yardy to White, 1 run worked off the stumps to backward square;
29.6;?;Anderson to Smith, no run venomous! Anderson gets one to leap off a length and Smith pulls his bottom hand off the bat as he defends. Struck on the glove though;
29.5;?;Anderson to Smith, no run solidly defended towards mid-on. He seems to be settling now;
29.4;?;Anderson to Smith, no run extravagant leave from Smith, and it's well-judged - the ball nipping in a touch but missing the stumps by a good few inches;
29.3;?;Anderson to Smith, no run bouncer! Smith ducked under it in good time... slight fumble from Kieswetter in the take, but he recovers quickly to negate any thoughts of a single;
29.2;?;Anderson to Smith, no run hmm, nervous start as Anderson pushes one down back of a length and Smith stays leg side - backing away a touch - and pushes defensively to cover;
29.1;W;Anderson to Hussey, OUT gone! Full and Anderson finds a hint of swing back in to the left-hander to beat an airy flick to leg and clatter into the stumps! Was that swing? He sent down a cross-seam delivery but the ball definitely jagged in to Hussey after pitching. Either way, he's gone and Australia are tottering now...;Michael Hussey b Anderson 14 (25m 27b 1x4 0x6) SR: 51.85;
28.6;?;Swann to White, no run good finish, pitching just outside off and spinning in and White defends;
28.5;?;Swann to White, no run sharp turn in to the right hander, White nudges defensively to midwicket;
28.4;?;Swann to White, no run very full indeed, White aims to push down the ground but Swann scoots across to cut it off;
28.3;?;Swann to White, no run White lunges forward and plays an uppish flick to midwicket. Dropping short of the fielder there, however;
28.2;1;Swann to Hussey, 1 run straighter this time, but Hussey makes room and angles him down to short third man to rotate the strike;
28.1;?;Swann to Hussey, no run landing just outside off and spinning away, delivered from round the wicket, and Hussey punches to cover;
27.6;?;Anderson to White, no run a little straighter this time, and coming in off the seam as well. White pushes to leg, but straight to midwicket;
27.5;?;Anderson to White, no run tight line and length, and White defends to the off side off the back foot;
27.4;1;Anderson to Hussey, 1 run and he immediately picks up a single with a nudge to midwicket;
27.3;?;Anderson to Hussey, no run touch of width offered, Hussey angles down through gully;
27.2;2;Anderson to Hussey, 2 runs fuller this time, and driven hard but straight to cover;
27.1;?;Anderson to Hussey, no run back of a length, landing middle and off and angling across and Hussey taps to cover. Loud call of "no!" comes immediately;
26.6;?;Swann to White, no run huge appeal as White goes for a slog-sweep and is struck on the thigh. That was ambitious though, hit well outside the line and hawkeye suggests that was missing off;
26.5;1;Swann to Hussey, 1 run that's kept low! Hussey went back to flick to leg and the ball shot through at shin height. He's done well to hit that;
26.4;1;Swann to White, 1 run tip-and-run from White, as he drops the ball towards point and is called through immediately for a single;
26.3;?;Swann to White, no run angled to short third man;
26.2;1;Swann to Hussey, 1 run full, Hussey times a drive to cover, who pulls off a good diving stop - well, almost, as the ball rebounds off the hand and they steal a single;
26.1;1;Swann to White, 1 run pushed to cover, and they sprint through;
25.6;?;Anderson to Hussey, no run slightly wide of off, and Hussey is quite happy to leave this one alone after taking a couple of blows to the body and hands;
25.5;?;Anderson to Hussey, no run and again, good exhibition of quick bowling as Anderson gets this one to spit up into the glove. Played with soft hands, though, and the ball goes down towards that man at slip;
25.4;?;Anderson to Hussey, no run sharp delivery! The last one didn't bounce much but this one leapt up off a length to strike Hussey on the thigh pad;
25.3;1;Anderson to White, 1 run dug in by Anderson, but the ball never really got up and White was in no trouble in angling it down to third man;
25.2;1;Anderson to Hussey, 1 run speared slightly towards leg stump this time, Hussey shuffles across and flicks to pick up one to midwicket;
25.1;?;Anderson to Hussey, no run that's better, landing middle and off from over the wicket and Hussey hurries into a defensive stroke with his weight forward;
25.1;1w;Anderson to Hussey, 1 wide loosener to start, no great pace and he's slipped down leg to Hussey - rightly called wide;
24.6;1;Yardy to Hussey, 1 run Hussey pushes his weight back and plays a wristy back-foot punch through cover;
24.5;?;Yardy to Hussey, no run solid-looking defensive stroke;
24.4;1;Yardy to White, 1 run slipping just down leg this time, White sweeps the ball firmly down to fine leg, but the fielder was moved after the paddle-scoop earlier and so it's cut off;
24.3;?;Yardy to White, no run tapped back to the bowler;
24.2;4;Yardy to White, FOUR runs inventive! White positions himself for the scoop over the keeper and pulls it off nicely to send the ball to the fine leg boundary. Good shot to play with the pace on the ball with Yardy darting them in;
24.1;?;Yardy to White, no run pushed defensively towards midwicket;
23.6;?;Wright to Hussey, no run punched firmly off the back foot to cover, who stops cleanly;
23.5;?;Wright to Hussey, no run straighter still, Hussey shapes to tuck to leg but can't quite get it away, the ball rolling back down towards Wright;
23.4;?;Wright to Hussey, no run closer to the stumps now, and Hussey aims a fidgety defensive shot into the off side;
23.3;?;Wright to Hussey, no run same again, slightly wider this time but in the channel outside off and Hussey watches the ball go by;
23.2;?;Wright to Hussey, no run much better line this time, just outside off on a length and Hussey pulls his bat out the way and watches it go by;
23.1;4;Wright to Hussey, FOUR runs nice shot, neatly driven through cover and Hussey has his first boundary. The ball was there to be hit, really - a half-volley dished up wide of off, and he nailed it through cover;
22.6;1;Yardy to Hussey, 1 run worked through square on the leg side, Hussey is looking busy and focussed at the crease already;
22.5;?;Yardy to Hussey, no run full and straight, Hussey flicks nicely to leg but midwicket leaps to his right to cut it off;
22.4;1;Yardy to White, 1 run pushed to long off for a single. Cover dives but can't quite cut it off, and they amble through;
22.3;1;Yardy to Hussey, 1 run just a little too straight, Hussey shuffles onto the back foot and across to off stump in a flash and nudges the ball behind square on the leg side to get off the mark;
22.2;?;Yardy to Hussey, no run defended solidly back to the bowler;
22.1;?;Yardy to Hussey, no run accurate start, pitching just outside off and Hussey pushes to gully;
21.6;?;Wright to White, no run good length, and straight too. White pushes defensively to mid on;
21.5;?;Wright to White, no run just shaping away a little, White hangs on the back foot and defends;
21.4;?;Wright to White, no run short and wide outside off, White hammers this one straight to cover who stops it cleanly. Helped by the friendly bounce;
21.3;W;Wright to Watson, OUT gone! The short ball works again! Watson had played so well until this shot - he went for an ungainly front-foot pull when he should have been back, the top edge rockets straight up, Kieswetter calls for it and takes a good, sliding catch. Australia pegged back once again, and after such a good start they're looking decidedly vulnerable now;Shane Watson c ?Kieswetter b Wright 57 (94m 59b 8x4 0x6) SR: 96.61;
21.2;?;Wright to Watson, no run nagging line and length, on off stump and Watson presses forward in defence;
21.1;1;Wright to White, 1 run bouncer, and hooked down to fine leg. He rolled his wrists on the ball, though, and so kept it down;
20.6;1;Yardy to White, 1 run slightly shorter and a hint of width too, White goes back to slash to gully, but no great harm done - just a single;
20.5;?;Yardy to White, no run same again, accurate bowling and watchful defensive batting;
20.4;?;Yardy to White, no run watchful stuff from White so far, pushing back down the wicket;
20.3;?;Yardy to White, no run full and straight again, tapped gently to cover;
20.2;?;Yardy to White, no run pitching middle and off from round the wicket, defended;
20.1;1;Yardy to Watson, 1 run tapped down to long on for a single;
19.6;?;Wright to White, no run back of a length, pushed back to the bowler;
19.5;1;Wright to Watson, 1 run full and straight, and Watson is quickly into a textbook forward defensive ... which he times well enough to pick up a single to long on. That was all defensive, he just timed it so well!;
19.4;1;Wright to White, 1 run White goes for an almighty heave to leg as Wright digs one in halfway down. The ball takes the toe edge and goes towards gully and they take a quick single;
19.4;1nb;Wright to White, (no ball) edged! Great delivery, but he's over-stepped! A touch of movement on a ball right in the channel outside off, White pushed at it with no great certainty and Kieswetter leapt to his right to pull off a sharp catch. Not that it matters, Free hit coming up!;
19.3;1;Wright to Watson, 1 run a touch straight, pushed down to long on;
19.2;?;Wright to Watson, no run back of a length on off stump, pushed back to Wright off the back foot;
19.1;1;Wright to White, 1 run attempted bouncer from Wright, but it didn't get up and White stood up tall and played a controlled pull to deep square;
18.6;?;Broad to Watson, no run bouncer! That was quick and well-directed, but Watto has his eye in and just drops to his knees and lets the ball sail over him in good time. The crowd liked that one...;
18.5;?;Broad to Watson, no run outside off this time, on a good length and Watson pushes the ball back to Broad;
18.4;4;Broad to Watson, FOUR runs nice cricket shot. Broad strays onto leg stump and Watson moves nicely across and plays a perfect leg glance down to the fine leg boundary.;
18.3;?;Broad to Watson, no run slower ball, just running his fingers over it. Watson keeps his eye on the ball and tucks carefully to midwicket;
18.2;1;Broad to White, 1 run similar ball, White plays it down to the same fielder but in his own style, standing up tall and playing it with a vertical, angled bat.;
18.1;1;Broad to Watson, 1 run back of a length, outside off, and Watto goes to fifty with yet another guide down to third man. He's played so well today, and his team need him to stick around for a while longer and play a big innings now;
17.6;1;Wright to Watson, 1 run fuller this time, and straight. Watson plays the safety shot, playing with the full face down to long on;
17.5;1;Wright to White, 1 run off the mark with a nudge to fine leg;
17.4;?;Wright to White, no run and again, solid defence back down the wicket;
17.3;?;Wright to White, no run on the back foot and tapped back down the wicket;
17.2;1;Wright to Watson, 1 run guiding down to third man this time, he's played that shot a lot today and picked up plenty of singles down there;
17.1;?;Wright to Watson, no run pushed firmly to cover;
16.6;W;Broad to Clarke, OUT gone! The change works, another short ball from Broad, Clarke was up on his toes but couldn't control it, the ball balloons off the glove straight to Swann! He was put in an awkward position and the bottom hand came off the bat, easy catch to short leg;Michael Clarke c Swann b Broad 1 (11m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 14.28;
16.5;?;Broad to Clarke, no run back of a length again, safely defended to the on side;
16.4;?;Broad to Clarke, no run back of a length, Clarke rises up and drops the ball under his nose;
16.3;1;Broad to Watson, 1 run fuller, and just outside off. Watson opens the face of the blade to run it to third man;
16.2;1;Broad to Clarke, 1 run close! Another short ball from Broad, and it hurried on to Clarke as he shaped to pull. He was in no position for the shot when the ball arrived, and top-edged towards fine leg. Luckily for him, it fell safely, but he wasn't at all in control there;
16.1;?;Broad to Clarke, no run feisty delivery! Not a bouncer, but it got up to neck height as Clarke defended it down in front of his face;
15.6;?;Wright to Watson, no run back of a length, Watson pushes his weight back and taps it back to the bowler;
15.5;4;Wright to Watson, FOUR runs interesting shot, a sort of front-foot pull on bended knee to a seam-up delivery from Wright. He got enough on it to paddle to the fine leg boundary;
15.4;?;Wright to Watson, no run full and straight, Watson pushes the ball to mid on;
15.3;4;Wright to Watson, FOUR runs crunch! Was that a slower cutter? Indeed it was, and Watson picked it early to flick it powerfully over midwicket. He's looked good today, and that was another top shot;
15.2;?;Wright to Watson, no run a touch shorter on off stump, Watson gets back and across and punches firmly to mid off on the back foot;
15.1;?;Wright to Watson, no run on a length and accurate, Watson comes forward to defend;
14.6;?;Broad to Clarke, no run pushed off the back foot to cover;
14.5;?;Broad to Clarke, no run starts with a bouncer which loops through over off stump as Clarke sways out of the line;
14.4;W;Broad to Ponting, OUT gone! Broad strikes again and it's the big wicket of Ponting. Back of a length from Broad and the Australia captain pushed forward outside off, getting a thick edge which carries at chest height to Kieswetter;Ricky Ponting c ?Kieswetter b Broad 13 (17m 21b 1x4 0x6) SR: 61.9;
14.3;?;Broad to Ponting, no run outside off, pushed firmly to backward point;
14.2;1;Broad to Watson, 1 run opens the face and gets a single to third man;
14.1;?;Broad to Watson, no run touch of width outside off but Watson picks out cover with a back-foot drive;
13.6;2;Wright to Ponting, 2 runs finds the gap this time with a neat push off the back foot between cover and mid off...still, a good opening over from Wright;
13.5;?;Wright to Ponting, no run on off stump, defended into the off side;
13.4;?;Wright to Ponting, no run pitched up slower ball this time, Ponting comes onto the front foot and has to be careful not to play too early;
13.3;?;Wright to Ponting, no run good line, back of a length on off stump and Ponting is in defence again;
13.2;?;Wright to Ponting, no run width outside off but punched straight to cover;
13.1;?;Wright to Ponting, no run starts well here, on off stump and Ponting defends square on the off side;
12.6;1;Broad to Ponting, 1 run this time Ponting uses the release shot down to third man;
12.5;?;Broad to Ponting, no run banged in outside off, Ponting jumps into a defensive shot;
12.4;?;Broad to Ponting, no run punched off the back foot into the covers;
12.3;?;Broad to Ponting, no run full on middle and off, Ponting defends on the walk back to the bowler;
12.2;2;Broad to Ponting, 2 runs ooh, that was close and it's almost another pull that does for Ponting but the ball just evades one of the two midwickets in place;
12.1;1;Broad to Watson, 1 run punched off middle stump, straight down the ground but mid on is now quite straight and cuts it off;
11.6;?;Bresnan to Ponting, no run more extra bounce from Bresnan and this time Ponting is the one in the firing line as he plays quite low, gets squared up and looks rather ungainly;
11.5;?;Bresnan to Ponting, no run;
11.4;4;Bresnan to Ponting, FOUR runs lovely shot, dragged down on leg stump and Ponting flicks it away effortlessly perfectly bisecting deep square and long leg;
11.3;?;Bresnan to Ponting, no run that's a beauty, this one goes the other and Ponting is beaten as he lunges forward;
11.2;?;Bresnan to Ponting, no run outside off and angling in, Ponting judges well and leaves alone;
11.1;?;Bresnan to Ponting, no run keeps Ponting on the back foot and he defends into the covers;
10.6;3;Broad to Ponting, 3 runs nice drive but not quite timed, he took a big stride into the shot and found the gap between cover and backward point;
10.5;1;Broad to Watson, 1 run there he goes again, opening the face down to third man;
10.4;1;Broad to Ponting, 1 run finds Ponting's inside edge straight away, the ball goes away safely to fine leg;
10.3;W;Broad to Paine, OUT gone! That's a strangle down the leg side as Paine gets an edge trying to work the ball away and a simple catch to Kieswetter to give Broad his 100th ODI wicket...a timely breakthrough for England, just as Broad managed two days ago;Tim Paine c ?Kieswetter b Broad 16 (40m 29b 3x4 0x6) SR: 55.17;
10.2;?;Broad to Paine, no run Paine is looking a little rattled as he steps to leg again and tries to carve this through the off side without making contact;
10.1;?;Broad to Paine, no run worked into the leg side and can't beat midwicket;
9.6;1;Bresnan to Paine, 1 run works down to third man so he'll keep the strike at the end of the Powerplay;
9.5;?;Bresnan to Paine, no run he takes his hand off the bat this time as he defends, Bresnan banging the ball in back of a length to test out the hand again;
9.4;?;Bresnan to Paine, no run ouch! Extra bounce from a good length and strikes Paine a nasty blow on a finger of the bottom hand. That happened at The Rose Bowl, too, and Paine is in pain (sorry);
9.3;1;Bresnan to Watson, 1 run enough width on this one to allow Watson the time to find a gap wide of backward point;
9.2;?;Bresnan to Watson, no run defended down to mid on;
9.1;?;Bresnan to Watson, no run back of a length, angling into Watson who defends off the back foot into the off side;
8.6;3;Broad to Watson, 3 runs worked off middle and leg and he picks out about the only part of the ground where a three is possible as Michael Yardy scampers around from deep square;
8.5;?;Broad to Watson, no run flashes and misses outside off, some extra bounce on that one but Watson will feel he had four on offer;
8.4;?;Broad to Watson, no run outside off, pushed into the covers...Broad is looking in decent rhythm here;
8.3;?;Broad to Watson, no run on middle and Watson defends in a crouched style towards short midwicket;
8.2;1;Broad to Paine, 1 run stays back in the crease, opens the face and picks out third man;
8.1;1;Broad to Watson, 1 run whipped off middle and off, sweetly timed but straight to Anderson at mid on who is deep enough to allow the single;
7.6;?;Bresnan to Paine, no run that's a wild mow from Paine...he stepped outside leg stump and almost swung himself off his feet without getting anywhere near the ball;
7.5;1;Bresnan to Watson, 1 run this time Watson is able to glide the ball down to third man;
7.4;?;Bresnan to Watson, no run pushed square on the off side and can't find a gap in the cover ring;
7.3;?;Bresnan to Watson, no run corrects the line back to off stump, Watson onto the front foot and defends to cover;
7.2;2;Bresnan to Watson, 2 runs just goes a little too straight, giving Watson the chance to flick this through the leg side towards deep square-leg;
7.1;?;Bresnan to Watson, no run onto the front foot and again tries to open the face...backward point, as usual, is being kept busy;
6.6;?;Broad to Paine, no run this one isn't as full and Paine defends into the off side;
6.5;4;Broad to Paine, FOUR runs that's a lovely shot, it wasn't a half volley but Paine leaned into an elegant square drive that raced over a quick outfield;
6.4;?;Broad to Paine, no run picks out backward point as he opens the face;
6.3;?;Broad to Paine, no run back of a length at Paine's body, takes the inside edge and bobbles down by his feet;
6.2;1;Broad to Watson, 1 run waits on the back foot and opens the face down to third man;
6.1;?;Broad to Watson, no run starts on middle and off, Watson onto the front foot and defends back to the bowler;
5.6;?;Bresnan to Paine, no run dropped into the off side and Paine sets off straight away for a single but Bresnan is quickly onto the ball and the batsman wouldn't have had a chance;
5.5;?;Bresnan to Paine, no run on off stump, defended back towards the bowler in his follow through;
5.4;1;Bresnan to Watson, 1 run another edge as Watson drives, it flies in the air but would have needed a fourth slip to take that catch;
5.3;1;Bresnan to Paine, 1 run worked into the covers and this time he finds the gap for a single;
5.2;?;Bresnan to Paine, no run no width on this one, defended back to the bowler;
5.1;?;Bresnan to Paine, no run driven in the air but it falls short of backward point where Eoin Morgan, the man of the moment, now finds himself;
4.6;?;Anderson to Watson, no run beats the outside edge as Watson goes for another booming drive but doesn't quite get to the pitch;
4.5;?;Anderson to Watson, no run driven firmly into the ground and it bounces up to backward point;
4.4;4;Anderson to Watson, FOUR runs width and flashed off a top edge through the now vacant slip area down to third man...Strauss fiddling with his field;
4.3;?;Anderson to Watson, no run pushed into the leg side off a thick inside half of the bat and midwicket makes a good save;
4.2;?;Anderson to Watson, no run onto the front foot again, driven firmly down to mid on;
4.1;?;Anderson to Watson, no run full on off stump, a very correct forward defensive with bat and pad together;
3.6;?;Bresnan to Paine, no run good comeback from Bresnan, Paine is squared up and a leading edge doesn't quite carry to cover;
3.5;4;Bresnan to Paine, FOUR runs that's dismissive, steps down the pitch and to the leg then frees his arm to launch this high over mid off...bounces twice before crossing the boundary at long off;
3.4;?;Bresnan to Paine, no run well bowled, first hint of movement we've seen as this scoots past the outside edge although Paine did suggest he withdrew the bat - not sure he actually did;
3.3;?;Bresnan to Paine, no run defended on the walk as Paine comes forward, but can't find a gap in the off side;
3.2;?;Bresnan to Paine, no run this is better stuff, hitting the pitch hard outside off, Paine defends into the covers;
3.1;?;Bresnan to Paine, no run back of a length outside off, Paine opens the face and defends square on the off side;
2.6;1;Anderson to Paine, 1 run angled down to third man, it was quite close to the body for a cut shot but he played it very neatly;
2.5;?;Anderson to Paine, no run onto the back foot and pushed towards mid on;
2.4;?;Anderson to Paine, no run on off stump, Paine drops it into the covers and thinks of a single but quickly decides there isn't one on offer;
2.3;?;Anderson to Paine, no run drags his length back a bit and defends down to mid off;
2.2;4;Anderson to Paine, FOUR runs he's away now, another wide drive ball from Anderson and Paine slots it comfortably through the covers;
2.1;?;Anderson to Paine, no run on off stump, comes onto the front foot and defends towards mid off;
1.6;4;Bresnan to Watson, FOUR runs that's a rubbish ball, fine leg had just been brought up so he drifts it into leg stump and is easily picked off for another boundary;
1.5;?;Bresnan to Watson, no run worked out to midwicket and he can't find the gap...not much sign of any swing so far;
1.4;?;Bresnan to Watson, no run comes onto the front foot and defends;
1.3;?;Bresnan to Watson, no run better line this time, outside off and it's chopped down towards backward point;
1.2;2;Bresnan to Watson, 2 runs same again from Watson, an almost identical shot and an identical outcome as it's place well enough for a brace...too straight from Bresnan;
1.1;2;Bresnan to Watson, 2 runs worked off the stumps through the on side, there's a big gap at square leg and fine leg has a long way to come around;
0.6;1;Anderson to Watson, 1 run back of a length outside off stump, Watson waits for it and angles the ball to third man to keep the strike;
0.5;4;Anderson to Watson, FOUR runs midwicket this time, Anderson too straight and Watson whips it through the leg side with a strong bottom hand...this pitch looks full of runs and there's also a fast outfield;
0.4;?;Anderson to Watson, no run good comeback from Anderson, bends his back and gets some extra lift as Watson tries to cut but doesn't make contact;
0.3;4;Anderson to Watson, FOUR runs four more, a full ball on the stumps is punched straight down the ground past the out-stretched hand of Anderson and it races away;
0.2;?;Anderson to Watson, no run ooh, here's an lbw shout from Bollinger, pitches in line and straightens, Kieswetter leaves and is struck on the thigh, that one is clearly too high;
0.1;4;Anderson to Watson, FOUR runs cracking start for Watson, a full half volley and he leans into a power drive that beats a diving mid off...nothing like a sighter;

2.30pm Right, here we go. Andrew Strauss leads out England followed by the Australia batsman...James Anderson will have first use of the new ball
2.20pm Andrew Miller has made it from The Rose Bowl to Cardiff and is settling in a the ground where, last year, he watched James Anderson and Monty Panesar pull of that match-saving effort in the Ashes (never a bad time to mention that). "Moderately overcast right at this moment, and yet to encounter a welshcake," he says. "But otherwise it's very pleasant thank you."
2.15pm For those you following this match in Europe but, sorry, not in the UK, you are able to watch all the action on ESPN Player. It's a great value service and will be available throughout England's home summer.
2.00pm Hello everyone. Welcome to coverage of the second one-day international between England and Australia from Cardiff. I'm Andrew McGlashan and along with Liam Brickhill and Brydon Coverdale will bring you all the action.
Early news is that Australia have won the toss and chosen to bat on what has a slightly fraught afternoon for them. Ryan Harris has been ruled out with a groin injury and is replaced by Steven Smith, while Clint McKay comes in for 19-year-old Josh Hazlewood
England, meanwhile, are unchanged from their victory at The Rose Bowl. So here are the teams:
England 1 Andrew Strauss (capt) 2 Craig Kieswetter (wk), 3 Kevin Pietersen, 4 Paul Collingwood, 5 Eoin Morgan, 6 Luke Wright, 7 Tim Bresnan, 8 Michael Yardy, 9 Graeme Swann, 10 Stuart Broad, 11 James Anderson
Australia 1 Shane Watson, 2 Tim Paine (wk), 3 Ricky Ponting (capt), 4 Michael Clarke, 5 Cameron White, 6 Mike Hussey, 7 James Hopes, 8 Steven Smith, 9 Nathan Hauritz, 10 Clint McKay, 11 Doug Bollinger
Andrew Strauss said he didn't have too many concerns chasing again and why would he after such an impressive display two days ago. This pitch is likely to be slower than at Southampton and could take some turn; it has done for domestic games this season. Ricky Ponting, as ever, remains confident his team can fight back after the opening defeat.
 Innings Start
Well, two in two for England, and they've cantered to the win both times! There was a little stutter today towards the end, but England looked the slicker, more professional outfit throughout the day and the win is well-deserved. Australia are missing some firepower in the bowling department, and it's really showed in the first two games. Their bowlers are generally quite inexperienced, but their batsmen aren't - Ponting, Hussey, Clarke, even Watson - these guys are veterans but they were disappointing today. England did the basics so well, they obviously had plans - just look at the dismissal of Clarke - and they stuck to them superbly. Anyway, enough of my waffle. For a much more incisive and in-depth look at the game, have a look at Brydon's bulletin while we wait for the match presentation - please stay with us for that.
Ponting: "We havent had much success down here. The game today mirrored the first game, we batted first, started strongly but then lost our way. A couple of injuries hasn't helped, but we've got to look at our strengths and play accordingly. 240 was never going to be enough.
I thought White showed a lot of maturity, his innings gave us something to bowl at, but not enough. When you're batting at the top of the order it's your responsibility to make runs, and i haven't done that so far. All in all, another poor performance from us."
Strauss: "They got off to a pretty fast start, but the bowlers reacted to the condition of the wicket very well, we dragged it back and got them on the back foot again. A little bit of a wobble at the end of the chase, but another good performance. Yardy's OK, just a bit of a groin strain. We've got to make sure we don't rest on our laurels now. It went pretty well for us, and when you're on top you can try a few things. But we've got to keep it going, not get too carried away."
Stuart Broad, on his 24th birthday, is Man of the Match for his four wickets: "We performed well as a team today, but we know how important it is to stand up again at Old Trafford. It was hard work in the gym... it's a fantastic changing room to be in at the moment. We tried to use the short ball and adapt to conditions, a few cross-seamers etc. It's important that the younger bowlers just keep learning. I have opened the bowling in the past, and I hope to do it in the future, but i'm happy coming on first change. Old Trafford is the sort of wicket that bowlers look forward to."
That's all from us tonight, thanks for joining us, thanks for the feedback, and do join us again for the next game of the series, at Old Trafford, on Sunday June 27. The final word from Mark Kidger, because we like him: "7 wins on the bounce now and it includes a few against South Africa and Australia, plus some wins from seemingly lost positions in Bangladesh. Even England fans are starting to believe..."
45.2;6;McKay to Swann, SIX runs what a shot! It's all over now, and in style! McKay dished up a half-volley on off stump and Swann just murdered it over long-off. The ball never got up high but went way over the rope, and Swann is pumping his fist! The crowd had been very vocal as England closed in on the win, and they're cheering now too.;
45.1;2;McKay to Swann, 2 runs short and wide, cut away behind square and Bollinger sprints round from third man to cut it off;
44.6;?;Smith to Bresnan, no run punched to cover, but straight to the fielder;
44.5;1;Smith to Swann, 1 run pushed out on the off side off the back foot;
44.4;1;Smith to Bresnan, 1 run swept out to deep square;
44.3;1;Smith to Swann, 1 run was that a wrong 'un? A flipper? Either way it seemed to rush straight on, striking Swann on the pad but going well over;
44.2;?;Smith to Swann, no run goes down on bended knee to sweep this time, struck on the pad to elicit an appeal, but that was very ambitious... Struck well outside off;
44.1;?;Smith to Swann, no run beaten! The ball was a little short and Swann rocked back to cut, but was beaten by bounce and turn;
43.6;?;McKay to Bresnan, no run and beaten again, to finish the over! Fuller, and wider of off and Bresnan flings the bat at it but can't connect;
43.5;?;McKay to Bresnan, no run good ball! Angling in and then holding it's line, Bresnan plays inside it and is beaten. Never got close to it, though;
43.4;?;McKay to Bresnan, no run big swing outside off, Bresnan can't connect;
43.3;1;McKay to Swann, 1 run ooh, that looked nasty! Swann came down the track as McKay slipped one in short, and he wore it right on the side of the helmet. Horrible, clanging sound as it hit the helmet, but he's fine. Little edge on it as well, so given as runs;
43.2;1;McKay to Bresnan, 1 run nice running again, Australia just can't plug the gaps and another cheeky single;
43.1;1;McKay to Swann, 1 run back of a length outside off, slapped out to deep cover off the back foot;
42.6;1;Bollinger to Swann, 1 run swung away bottom-handed towards midwicket;
42.5;1;Bollinger to Bresnan, 1 run pushed firmly into the covers, mid-off scoots round to cut it off so just a single;
42.4;4;Bollinger to Bresnan, FOUR runs crashed away! Short ball and Bresnan likes them there, hammering a pull in front of square and away to the boundary. England getting closer now!;
42.4;1nb;Bollinger to Bresnan, (no ball) now he times it! The ball wasn't as full as the other two, and it was wider and Bresnan thrashed him ... but straight to cover. And he's over-stepped! At a time like this!;
42.3;?;Bollinger to Bresnan, no run again Bollinger goes full, again Bresnan can't time the drive. His bottom hand is coming through too hard, he closes the bat face and the ball squirts to leg though he was aiming through the covers;
42.2;2;Bollinger to Bresnan, 2 runs shorter this time, Bresnan rocks back in a flash and pulls out to deep square. Good, hard running gets them two, and just 18 needed now;
42.1;?;Bollinger to Bresnan, no run very full, Bresnan stretches forward to drive but can't time the shot;
41.6;?;Hopes to Swann, no run leading edge! But drops well short of any fielders. Swann played too early at the ball;
41.5;1;Hopes to Bresnan, 1 run same again from Bresnan, good rotation of the strike and England are edging towards the win;
41.4;1;Hopes to Swann, 1 run and he follows that up with a drop-and-run single to cover, intelligent batting;
41.3;4;Hopes to Swann, FOUR runs nice shot! Driven handsomely through cover as the fielder was brought in;
41.2;1;Hopes to Bresnan, 1 run a little too straight, easily worked to wide long on for one;
41.1;?;Hopes to Bresnan, no run nice tight line, pushed to cover point;
40.6;1;Bollinger to Bresnan, 1 run full, Bresnan drops the ball into the gap on the off side and they set off immediately. Bresnan off the mark;
40.5;?;Bollinger to Bresnan, no run shapes to nudge to leg, the ball takes the inside edge and ricochets off the thigh pad, but falls safely;
40.4;1;Bollinger to Swann, 1 run fuller this time, and Swann is much happier with that, driving out through cover to get off the mark;
40.3;?;Bollinger to Swann, no run sharp delivery! Back of a length once again, and Swann just took his eyes off it and turned away as the ball shot past his shoulder. Through to Paine, but that wasn't too far away from the glove...;
40.2;W;Bollinger to Morgan, OUT gone! Test match bowling does for Eoin Morgan, as Bollinger spears one down back of a length just around off stump. The ball rose quite sharply off a length, took the edge near the shoulder of the bat, and went through to Paine. Great piece of bowling, do Australia have a sniff of an unlikely series-levelling win now?;Eoin Morgan c ?Paine b Bollinger 52 (80m 64b 3x4 0x6) SR: 81.25;
40.1;?;Bollinger to Morgan, no run looked like he rolled his fingers over this one, though the pace wasn't that far down. Morgan pushes the ball to mid-on;
39.6;?;Hopes to Bresnan, no run good finish to what started out as a terrible over, as he pushes this one nicely full and straight and Bresnan defends, looking for the cheeky single but there was none to be had;
39.5;?;Hopes to Bresnan, no run good start, just short of a length and coming in a touch. Bresnan taps the ball watchfully back to the bowler;
39.4;W;Hopes to Wright, OUT gone this time! Poor shot selection there, he had done the hard work with the two boundaries and was just looking to do too much with this ball. It was on a length and straight, coming in off the seam, and he tried to run it to third man though the ball was practically angling in to the hip. Inside edge was the result, and the ball ricochets onto the stumps;Luke Wright b Hopes 10 (11m 14b 2x4 0x6) SR: 71.42;
39.3;?;Hopes to Wright, no run straighter line this time, Wright defends off the back foot;
39.2;4;Hopes to Wright, FOUR runs well, this shot is even better! Hopes went fuller, but again there was width on offer outside off and Wright aimed a textbook cover drive out to the boundary. There's a man out there, but it was hit so well he couldn't do anything about it;
39.1;4;Hopes to Wright, FOUR runs smashed! Wright wanders down the wicket as Hopes drops one short outside off, and he just swings right through the line to send the ball flashing to the cover boundary;
38.6;?;Bollinger to Morgan, no run good, tight finish to the over. Zoning in on off stump, and Morgan pushes the ball defensively towards point;
38.5;1;Bollinger to Wright, 1 run short, and sliced down to third man for one;
38.4;?;Bollinger to Wright, no run ooh, that's a spicy meatball from Bollinger! Back of a length and nibbling around off the seam, Wright is cramped for room and ends up playing a very awkward looking defensive stroke.;
38.3;?;Bollinger to Wright, no run full, a long half-volley on off stump but Wright can only drive to mid-off;
38.2;?;Bollinger to Wright, no run driven on the up, he sliced at the ball a little as it angled across him and the shot went to backward point rather than through the covers;
38.1;1;Bollinger to Morgan, 1 run tip-and-run from Morgan, as he just drops the ball towards cover and they set off. Good understanding between these two in their running;
37.6;1;Hauritz to Morgan, 1 run nudged to leg for one to keep the strike;
37.5;2;Hauritz to Morgan, 2 runs flicked down to fine leg, they hurry back for the second and that's fifty for Morgan!;
37.4;1;Hauritz to Wright, 1 run arm ball that went straight on, but he's erred in line and Wright is off the mark as he nudges the ball to leg;
37.3;?;Hauritz to Wright, no run punched off the back foot to cover;
37.2;1;Hauritz to Morgan, 1 run very full this time, and flighted, Morgan works the ball to midwicket along the ground;
37.1;4;Hauritz to Morgan, FOUR runs too short! In the form that he's in, Morgan has no trouble at all rocking back and pulling him in the air infront of square to the gap at midwicket. Too easy;
36.6;?;Bollinger to Wright, no run just outside off and angling across him, Wright is quite happy to leave alone;
36.5;?;Bollinger to Wright, no run shortish length again, Wright couldn't quite keep this one under control, and an inside edge went down to his boot - that could've run back onto the stumps, but luckily for him it went wide;
36.4;?;Bollinger to Wright, no run back of a length and rising, Wright rises with the ball and plays it down to gully;
36.3;?;Bollinger to Wright, no run full to start, and Wright presses forward to defend;
36.2;W;Bollinger to PD Collingwood, OUT gone! Just when I was saying that the batsmen had settled in and Australia were without a strike bowler, Bollinger charges in and hits the stumps! The ball was outside off and Collingwood went for a leaden-footed pushed to the off side, little inside edge and into the stumps. Still, he's probably done enough to close down the game;Paul Collingwood b Bollinger 48 (83m 65b 2x4 2x6) SR: 73.84;
36.1;?;Bollinger to PD Collingwood, no run very full, pushed back down the wicket;
35.6;?;Hauritz to Morgan, no run better finish to the over, much fuller and Morgan pushes the ball firmly back to the bowler;
35.5;1;Hauritz to PD Collingwood, 1 run short and wide again, slapped out to deep cover to rotate the strike;
35.4;1;Hauritz to Morgan, 1 run pushed out to cover;
35.3;2;Hauritz to Morgan, 2 runs down the leg side again, and swept fine this time;
35.2;4;Hauritz to Morgan, FOUR runs well, that's one way to do it! Just a little bit short, but Morgan was into position for the pull like lightning and absolutely thumped it away to wide midwicket. Short-arm jab really, he just timed it superbly;
35.1;?;Hauritz to Morgan, no run on the pads, but Morgan can't get him away;
34.6;?;McKay to PD Collingwood, no run Collingwood works it to leg;
34.5;3;McKay to Morgan, 3 runs what a good shot, a short ball outside off and Morgan has somehow worked a pull through midwicket, a ball on that line should not have ended up there. In the deep, Hopes makes an excellent diving save;
34.4;2;McKay to Morgan, 2 runs nice placement from Morgan, who guides it past cover and makes the man on the boundary do some running to keep it to two;
34.3;?;McKay to Morgan, no run Morgan works it to mid on, no run there;
34.2;1lb;McKay to PD Collingwood, 1 leg bye strays onto the pads of Collingwood, who doesn't get it away properly;
34.1;1;McKay to Morgan, 1 run cut away behind point for a single;
33.6;?;Smith to PD Collingwood, no run driven to cover and can't beat Ponting;
33.5;4;Smith to PD Collingwood, FOUR runs nicely played, Collingwood advances and lifts Smith over wide mid on for a boundary;
33.4;?;Smith to PD Collingwood, no run solid in defence;
33.3;1;Smith to Morgan, 1 run walks across his stumps and dabs that one to fine leg;
33.2;?;Smith to Morgan, no run there's a wrong'un from Smith, Morgan picks it and defends;
33.1;?;Smith to Morgan, no run flicked to midwicket;
32.6;6;McKay to PD Collingwood, SIX runs errr, no, he can't - Collingwood walks at McKay and picks the ball up sweetly to lift it high over midwicket for six;
32.5;?;McKay to PD Collingwood, no run driven back to the bowler;
32.4;?;McKay to PD Collingwood, no run driven to cover, Ponting does the fielding;
32.3;?;McKay to PD Collingwood, no run good line outside off, Collingwood defends;
32.2;?;McKay to PD Collingwood, no run flicked to midwicket, doesn't beat the field;
32.1;?;McKay to PD Collingwood, no run Collingwood is solid in defence again;
31.6;1;Smith to PD Collingwood, 1 run clipped through leg;
31.5;2;Smith to PD Collingwood, 2 runs leading edge skied, is there a man there? No! Collingwood gets away with it, the ball landed well short of deep cover;
31.4;1;Smith to Morgan, 1 run wider of off, Morgan swipes that one towards the deep cover;
31.3;?;Smith to Morgan, no run prodded back to the bowler;
31.2;?;Smith to Morgan, no run angled across Morgan, who defends;
31.1;1;Smith to PD Collingwood, 1 run pushed down to long off for an easy single;
30.6;1;McKay to PD Collingwood, 1 run and with that hook of a slower ball to fine leg, Paul Collingwood has now become England's highest scorer in ODI history;
30.5;?;McKay to PD Collingwood, no run crunched away to cover;
30.4;?;McKay to PD Collingwood, no run solid in defence;
30.3;?;McKay to PD Collingwood, no run oustide off, Collingwood swipes and can't connect;
30.2;?;McKay to PD Collingwood, no run Collingwood defends to leg;
30.1;1;McKay to Morgan, 1 run this time Morgan can't make best use of the free hit, it's a bouncer that he tries to hook and gets a bottom edge onto his pads;
30.1;3nb;McKay to Morgan, (no ball) 2 runs oh Clint, what are you doing? Just as with his first spell, he's started with a no-ball, this one driven through cover. So here comes yet another free hit;
29.6;?;Smith to PD Collingwood, no run Collingwood advances this time, he's keen to go over the top but checks his shot;
29.5;?;Smith to PD Collingwood, no run prodded to point;
29.4;2;Smith to PD Collingwood, 2 runs this time he beats midwicket and they take two to the sweeper on the boundary;
29.3;?;Smith to PD Collingwood, no run drifting in to the pads, Collingwood clips to midwicket;
29.2;1;Smith to Morgan, 1 run clipped off the pads through midwicket;
29.1;2;Smith to Morgan, 2 runs turns in towards off, Morgan backs away and cuts to deep cover;
28.6;1;Watson to Morgan, 1 run shortish from Watson, Morgan swipes it over midwicket for a single;
28.5;?;Watson to Morgan, no run angled in towards off stump, Morgan tucks it to mid on;
28.4;?;Watson to Morgan, no run driven straight back to Watson;
28.3;?;Watson to Morgan, no run cut to the man at point;
28.2;?;Watson to Morgan, no run defended away to the off side;
28.1;1;Watson to PD Collingwood, 1 run worked away through midwicket;
27.6;4;Smith to Morgan, FOUR runs and there's the reverse sweep! Smith pushes it a long way across off stump and Morgan swivels the hands around to whip it past the diving man at short third man, lovely shot;
27.5;?;Smith to Morgan, no run drifting across the left-hander, who defends;
27.4;1;Smith to PD Collingwood, 1 run short outside off, Collingwood bunts it towards long off;
27.3;?;Smith to PD Collingwood, no run solid in defence from Collingwood;
27.2;1;Smith to Morgan, 1 run some sharp spin there, but unfortunately for Smith it's turning well down leg and Morgan clips it to fine leg;
27.1;?;Smith to Morgan, no run a yorker of sorts there, Morgan digs it out;
26.6;1;Watson to Morgan, 1 run cut away to deep point where Hussey does the fielding;
26.5;?;Watson to Morgan, no run on off stump, Morgan defends;
26.4;2;Watson to Morgan, 2 runs width outside off, Morgan cuts to third man;
26.3;?;Watson to Morgan, no run some intent from Morgan there as he walks across outside off and tries to flick through leg, but can't connect;
26.2;1;Watson to PD Collingwood, 1 run on the back foot, Collingwood punches a drive to the man at deep cover;
26.1;?;Watson to PD Collingwood, no run driven back towards the bowler;
25.6;3;Hauritz to PD Collingwood, 3 runs swept! Not pretty, but mighty effective as he sends the ball down very fine on the leg side. Hopes charges after it and cuts it off. Good effort;
25.5;?;Hauritz to PD Collingwood, no run coming forward this time and angling the bat to try and send the ball behind square;
25.4;2;Hauritz to PD Collingwood, 2 runs wider this time, and now he gets runs. Pitching a good foot outside off and turning in, Collingwood chops down to third man;
25.3;?;Hauritz to PD Collingwood, no run beaten outside off! Collingwood tried to carve it away square off the back foot but the ball was too full, and not nearly wide enough for the shot.;
25.2;1;Hauritz to Morgan, 1 run and again, hit straight to the fielder on the boundary this time, so just the one;
25.1;2;Hauritz to Morgan, 2 runs pushed out through cover off the back foot, sweeper runs round to keep them to two;
24.6;?;Watson to PD Collingwood, no run and ditto to finish, identical ball, identical shot.;
24.5;?;Watson to PD Collingwood, no run on a length on off stump, Collingwood taps it back to the bowler;
24.4;1;Watson to Morgan, 1 run great fielding from Bollinger! Morgan punched the ball very firmly down the ground but the tall fast bowler ran across, tumbled over, and the ball stuck immediately in his right hand. Top effort!;
24.3;?;Watson to Morgan, no run slashed to gully. There were runs to be had there, but he couldn't get it away;
24.2;?;Watson to Morgan, no run better line, tight on off stump and Morgan defends;
24.1;2;Watson to Morgan, 2 runs full and quite wide, Morgan gets forward and across, right over the ball, and works the ball through cover for a couple. "Sniff it," says Bumble on comms. "A lot of sniffage in that!";
23.6;1;Hauritz to Morgan, 1 run single to finish the over, as Morgan pushes a full ball on off stump into the covers;
23.6;1w;Hauritz to Morgan, 1 wide speared down the leg side from round the wicket, and that'll be a wide;
23.5;?;Hauritz to Morgan, no run spin! That pitched on off stump and turned away sharply. Morgan wasn't beaten this time, though, he pulled the bat well inside the line;
23.4;1;Hauritz to PD Collingwood, 1 run chopped down behind square on the off side;
23.3;1;Hauritz to Morgan, 1 run pushed to midwicket in a much more-orthodox manner. Better, risk-free stroke;
23.2;2;Hauritz to Morgan, 2 runs come on Morgan, you're better than that! He comes down the wicket and aims an ugly smear to the leg side. He didn't quite get to the pitch but went through with the shot, and the ball rolled to the leg side. Not a good-looking shot by any means;
23.1;1;Hauritz to PD Collingwood, 1 run nice drift from Hauritz, but pitching too straight and Collingwood has no trouble pushing him easily down to long-on;
22.6;?;Bollinger to Morgan, no run good finish to the over, Morgan taps the ball defensively back to the bowler;
22.5;?;Bollinger to Morgan, no run ooh, Morgy's been hit in the midriff now. Bollinger gets one to come in off the seam, pitching on a length, and Morgan's defensive tuck to midwicket is beaten... ouch.;
22.4;?;Bollinger to Morgan, no run that's intelligent bowling - Bollinger digs one in short and sends it whizzing past Morgan's grille. He tried to uppercut, but couldn't get a touch on it;
22.4;2nb;Bollinger to PD Collingwood, (no ball) 1 run off the inside edge! This was much fuller and Colly aimed a bottom-handed drive to off, but the ball took the edge. Whoops, he's over-stepped too, so here comes a Free Hit!;
22.3;?;Bollinger to PD Collingwood, no run he's done the hard work for this over already, and now he can just settle in - which he does, defending a length ball just outside off to the covers;
22.2;?;Bollinger to PD Collingwood, no run better length - hitting top of off - and good line too. Collingwood gets behind it and pushes back to the bowler;
22.1;6;Bollinger to PD Collingwood, SIX runs hooked! They had men out for the shot, but Collingwood went right through with the shot, fetching the ball from infront of his nose and lifting it over the boundary. Six runs!;
21.6;?;Hauritz to Morgan, no run this one goes on with the arm from round the wicket, but Morgan is equal to it and defends;
21.5;?;Hauritz to Morgan, no run well bowled! Tossed up really high by Hauritz, this one really gripped and spun past the outside edge of a defensive prod. He's beaten him by a good few inches there, it's spun too much!;
21.4;?;Hauritz to Morgan, no run and point is in play straight away, as Morgan slaps the ball down off the back foot;
21.3;1;Hauritz to PD Collingwood, 1 run just a little too short, Collingwood sends the ball behind gully and picks up a single;
21.2;?;Hauritz to PD Collingwood, no run defended again, tight so far from Hauritz.;
21.1;?;Hauritz to PD Collingwood, no run tossed up temptingly outside off, but Colly defends back down the wicket;
20.6;?;Bollinger to Morgan, no run nice tight line to finish, on off stump and Morgan punches it back to the bowler, who collects in his follow-through;
20.5;?;Bollinger to Morgan, no run defended back down the wicket, but he didn't look all that comfortable in playing the shot. Still, kept out, which is the main thing;
20.4;?;Bollinger to Morgan, no run beaten on the inside edge! The ball was much fuller this time and Morgan went to drive, but was beaten by a hint of seam movement and the ball shot between bat and pad;
20.3;?;Bollinger to Morgan, no run short and wide again! This time Morgan tries to uppercut it, but can't get anything on it. Bollinger is fortunate to get away with that one, it looked way over head height. Umpire Aleem Dar signals one for the over...;
20.2;?;Bollinger to Morgan, no run jagging in off the seam this time, Morgan hops back to defend to the on side;
20.1;?;Bollinger to Morgan, no run wide and very short to start - not enough to be called a wide, but inviting a shot outside off. Morgan declines, leaving alone and just having a look;
19.6;?;Hauritz to PD Collingwood, no run off the inside edge this time, great bowling from Hauritz, who is pushing the ball out nice and wide. Colly goes to drive but the ball takes the inside edge and goes to fine leg;
19.5;1;Hauritz to Morgan, 1 run slashed in the air! But short of gully, who runs round and collects it on the bounce. That was decidedly uppish...;
19.4;2;Hauritz to Morgan, 2 runs cheeky paddle sweep to get off the mark! Well-played though, got into position early and kept his eyes on the ball to send it down fine on the leg side;
19.3;W;Hauritz to Strauss, OUT gone! Strauss shimmies down the track, not quite getting to the pitch but trying to send the ball to long on. Instead, he pops the simplest of caught-and-bowled chances back to Hauritz, who gratefully accepts. Australia are cock-a-hoop, they need to keep chipping away at England!;Andrew Strauss c & b Hauritz 51 (79m 56b 3x4 2x6) SR: 91.07;
19.2;1;Hauritz to PD Collingwood, 1 run off the edge! There was drift and turn again, and the ball squirts off the edge but down to short third man - well wide of slip;
19.1;?;Hauritz to PD Collingwood, no run Hauritz is beginning to find his rhythm now. Nicely flighted outside off, bit of drift, and turning in to be met with a defensive bat;
18.6;1;Smith to PD Collingwood, 1 run that will be runs this time, too short again and Collingwood sends the ball out to the cover sweeper off the back foot;
18.5;?;Smith to PD Collingwood, no run slightly shorter this time, Collingwood aims a slashed cut but finds point;
18.4;?;Smith to PD Collingwood, no run nope, floated on middle and off again and Collingwood lunges forward to defend;
18.3;?;Smith to PD Collingwood, no run and again, tight line and Collingwood can only defend - unless he wants to take a risk;
18.2;?;Smith to PD Collingwood, no run much better, flighting it on middle and off, the ball spins away a touch and Colly defends;
18.1;4;Smith to PD Collingwood, FOUR runs ooh, that's very friendly to the new batsman. Nice full toss on his legs, Colly nurdles it with gusto to pick up a boundary at deep midwicket;
17.6;?;Hauritz to Strauss, no run flicked to the on side;
17.5;1;Hauritz to PD Collingwood, 1 run nice line, well wide of off - attacking - but Colly stretches out to smother the ball and they sneak a single as it rolls out to cover;
17.4;1;Hauritz to Strauss, 1 run worked out to midwicket for one;
17.3;?;Hauritz to Strauss, no run Strauss is deep in the crease and going harder at the ball this time, but straight to the cover fielder again;
17.2;?;Hauritz to Strauss, no run pushed softly to cover;
17.1;1;Hauritz to PD Collingwood, 1 run drift again for Hauritz, and this one just seemed to go on with the drift rather than turn in. It took the outer edge of the bat and went down to third man;
16.6;1;Smith to PD Collingwood, 1 run too short, too wide, and hammered out to the cover sweeper;
16.5;?;Smith to PD Collingwood, no run awkward looking defence as Smith flights one on middle and off, but kept out;
16.4;?;Smith to PD Collingwood, no run Collingwood gives himself some room and chops the ball, but inside edge and straight into the ground;
16.3;?;Smith to PD Collingwood, no run pushed to mid on;
16.2;2;Smith to PD Collingwood, 2 runs there's some turn! The ball was speared in, but gripped and turned to take the outer half of the bat. Played with soft hands, though, so straight down;
16.1;?;Smith to PD Collingwood, no run punched firmly back to the bowler, who threatens to throw the stumps down;
15.6;?;Hauritz to Strauss, no run pushed into the on side;
15.5;2;Hauritz to Strauss, 2 runs edged! Nicely flighted again, Strauss tried to whip the ball through midwicket but the ball turned to take the edge. It flew well wide of slip, however, and grounded very quickly - and that's fifty for the England captain;
15.4;1;Hauritz to PD Collingwood, 1 run too wide this time, chopped down to gully;
15.3;?;Hauritz to PD Collingwood, no run that's the line! Hauritz floats it up outside off, finding drift away from the right-hander and some turn in to him. Brigadier block does what he does best;
15.2;1;Hauritz to Strauss, 1 run nudged away square on the leg side to bring Collingwood on strike - he needs some time in the middle;
15.1;2;Hauritz to Strauss, 2 runs flicked past fine leg, they hurry back for the second run and Paine whips the bails off. Aleem Dar asks for the third umpire, but he was well in - direct hit would've been interesting though;
14.6;W;Smith to Pietersen, OUT what a catch! Pietersen came down the track and tried to hammer Smith away to midwicket again, but in the air this time. Ponting was in position close at midwicket but that looked to have cleared him ... until he leapt to pluck it out of the air one-handed. I think he even surprised himself with that one. Rolling back the years, Punter!;Kevin Pietersen c Ponting b Smith 33 (50m 38b 4x4 0x6) SR: 86.84;
14.5;4;Smith to Pietersen, FOUR runs nicely flighted, perhaps drifting too leg side and Pietersen swings him away against the spin to the wide midwicket boundary;
14.4;1;Smith to Strauss, 1 run pushed into space in the covers and they take a tight single;
14.3;1;Smith to Pietersen, 1 run very full, nicely flighted, but with a defensive field KP picks up an easy one to long-off;
14.2;1;Smith to Strauss, 1 run pitching middle and turning in, worked to fine leg;
14.1;1;Smith to Pietersen, 1 run short, wide long-hop first up, a real loosener, and Pietersen cracks him away to the boundary sweeper on the off side;
13.6;3;Hauritz to Pietersen, 3 runs reverse-swept! That wasn't the switch hit, a more orthodox reverse-sweep, if one can call it that. He didn't quite get hold of it, though he hit it well, and the ball pulls up short of the rope;
13.5;?;Hauritz to Pietersen, no run not the most dangerous ball, pitching off and turning in, but Pietersen lunges down the wicket to defend;
13.4;1;Hauritz to Strauss, 1 run too straight from round the wicket, and Strauss nudges him square on the leg side with the angle;
13.3;?;Hauritz to Strauss, no run good ball! Flighted just outside off and Strauss didn't quite read the length, defending off the back foot when he should have been forward;
13.2;1;Hauritz to Pietersen, 1 run full, straight, and driven down to long-on with ease.;
13.1;1;Hauritz to Strauss, 1 run angling in from round the wicket, and going straight on with the arm. Strauss rocks back and nudges to midwicket;
12.6;2;Hopes to Pietersen, 2 runs whipped away, wide of the fielder at deep square leg and they get back for what is ultimately an easy two;
12.5;1;Hopes to Strauss, 1 run just a hint of width given, and Strauss punches through cover off the back foot;
12.4;?;Hopes to Strauss, no run Strauss tries to run this one down to third man, but finds gully and the run is quickly turned down;
12.3;?;Hopes to Strauss, no run good line to the left-hander from round the wicket, tapped defensively to the on side;
12.2;1;Hopes to Pietersen, 1 run Pietersen walks down the wicket as Hopes digs one in short. The ball is met with a ferocious swing of the bat as a pull rockets out to deep midwicket;
12.1;?;Hopes to Pietersen, no run tight line to start, on off stump and giving KP nothing. Batsman punches the ball back down the wicket;
11.6;?;Hauritz to Strauss, no run good finish, Hauritz fired in the arm ball and Strauss just about picked it - late, but he had enough time to get the bat down to defend;
11.5;?;Hauritz to Strauss, no run with mid on and mid off up, Strauss charges down the track but can't quite get to the pitch, pushing back down the wicket;
11.4;?;Hauritz to Strauss, no run much better, floated up fuller and Strauss lunges forward to defend;
11.3;2;Hauritz to Strauss, 2 runs just that little bit too short again, Strauss stays deep in the crease and whips the ball out to deep midwicket to pick up two and bring up the fifty partnership;
11.2;1;Hauritz to Pietersen, 1 run with cover point out and no-one square of the wicket on the off side, this is easy runs. Pietersen just hangs back in the crease and pushes the ball square, easy single;
11.1;1;Hauritz to Strauss, 1 run just a fraction too short, and Strauss chops the ball down through the covers;
10.6;1;Hopes to Strauss, 1 run Strauss drops the ball close in on the off side and they sneak a single to end the over;
10.5;?;Hopes to Strauss, no run good line, pitching just outside off and heading for middle and off, and Strauss pushes the ball back to Hopes;
10.4;2;Hopes to Strauss, 2 runs angled down to third man, and he's hit it quite fine so they have time they sprint back for a second;
10.3;1;Hopes to Pietersen, 1 run this one jagged in after pitching - looked to be a slower offcutter - but the line isn't quite right and Pietersen works him through midwicket;
10.2;1;Hopes to Strauss, 1 run straight-ish, pitching middle and leg, and Strauss shuffles quickly across to nudge a single to square leg;
10.1;1;Hopes to Pietersen, 1 run on a length outside off, Pietersen sways back and slaps the ball through cover point;
9.6;4;McKay to Strauss, FOUR runs nice shot, Strauss goes for a cover drive and beats the man diving inside the circle;
9.5;?;McKay to Strauss, no run looks for the pull from outside off here, but it doesn't connect and sails through to Paine;
9.4;?;McKay to Strauss, no run Strauss walks down the pitch and prods to cover;
9.3;?;McKay to Strauss, no run Strauss punches this one forward of point, can't beat the field;
9.2;1lb;McKay to Pietersen, 1 leg bye there's an lbw appeal in hope more than anything, it's angled a long way down leg and Pietersen gets a leg bye;
9.1;1;McKay to Strauss, 1 run worked to mid-on, Strauss gets a single;
8.6;?;Hopes to Pietersen, no run a wristy flick to midwicket;
8.5;?;Hopes to Pietersen, no run good ball, this one jags back in from outside off and surprises Pietersen, but he's still good enough to drop it at his feet;
8.4;?;Hopes to Pietersen, no run clipped to midwicket and can't beat the field;
8.3;4;Hopes to Pietersen, FOUR runs crunched through cover for four. Too easy for Pietersen, wide of off and no pace, it was a simple matter of placement;
8.2;1;Hopes to Strauss, 1 run again Strauss works it to short fine leg, but this time just wide enough to allow him to get a single;
8.1;?;Hopes to Strauss, no run on the hips, Strauss clips to short fine leg;
7.6;?;McKay to Pietersen, no run defended back down the pitch;
7.5;4;McKay to Pietersen, FOUR runs that has been positively murdered through midwicket! Short, without much speed and Pietersen creams a pull away to the boundary;
7.4;?;McKay to Pietersen, no run left alone outside off;
7.3;?;McKay to Pietersen, no run defended back towards the bowler;
7.2;?;McKay to Pietersen, no run a thickish edge to point this time;
7.1;1;McKay to Strauss, 1 run wide of off, Strauss cuts to third man;
6.6;?;Bollinger to Pietersen, no run driven back to Bollinger;
6.5;4;Bollinger to Pietersen, FOUR runs well played, Pietersen is on the back foot and drives wide of point, it bounces too high for the fielder to stop it;
6.4;?;Bollinger to Pietersen, no run angled across Pietersen, who defends;
6.3;?;Bollinger to Pietersen, no run Pietersen nudges back to the bowler;
6.2;1;Bollinger to Strauss, 1 run a good comeback from Bollinger, sharp bounce surprises Strauss, who drops the bottom hand off the handle as it clips him on the gloves;
6.1;6;Bollinger to Strauss, SIX runs and Strauss clears the boundary for the second time today! He gets a bouncer, goes for the hook and his top edge sails comfortably over the keeper's head;
5.6;?;McKay to Pietersen, no run driven to mid off;
5.5;?;McKay to Pietersen, no run Pietersen likes what he's seen of McKay, walks down the pitch and tries to crunch him through leg but straight to the man at midwicket;
5.4;1;McKay to Strauss, 1 run straighter on off this time, Strauss nudges to midwicket and takes off for a quick single;
5.3;?;McKay to Strauss, no run another half-volley, Strauss drives to mid-off;
5.2;?;McKay to Strauss, no run on the pads, Strauss glances behind square;
5.1;2;McKay to Strauss, 2 runs a bit too wide of off, Strauss cuts it away to third man;
4.6;?;Bollinger to Pietersen, no run angled across Pietersen, who drives to cover;
4.5;?;Bollinger to Pietersen, no run that one keeps a bit low, Pietersen gets a thick inside edge onto his pad;
4.4;?;Bollinger to Pietersen, no run pushed to point;
4.3;1;Bollinger to Strauss, 1 run that's a good yorker, straight and fast, but Strauss is equal to the task and whips it away to square leg;
4.2;?;Bollinger to Strauss, no run Strauss works it to midwicket and can't beat the field;
4.1;1;Bollinger to Pietersen, 1 run driven to cover and they get through for a single;
3.6;?;McKay to Strauss, no run straighter line, Strauss works it to point;
3.5;?;McKay to Strauss, no run this time Strauss tries for the drive, but can't beat mid off;
3.4;?;McKay to Strauss, no run angled across Strauss again, he leaves it alone;
3.3;?;McKay to Strauss, no run better line and length, Strauss leaves it outside off;
3.2;4;McKay to Strauss, FOUR runs leg side rubbish, and Strauss has no problem flicking it off his pads through square leg for four;
3.1;3;McKay to Pietersen, 3 runs driven through cover, Ponting does the chasing and Pietersen picks up three;
2.6;1;Bollinger to Pietersen, 1 run worked to midwicket and that's good, sharp running as Pietersen beats Hussey's direct hit at the non-striker's end;
2.5;?;Bollinger to Pietersen, no run driven to mid off where Hopes does the fielding;
2.4;?;Bollinger to Pietersen, no run good ball, a sharp bouncer and well directed, Pietersen does very well to sway out of the way of that one;
2.3;?;Bollinger to Pietersen, no run clipped away to square leg;
2.2;W;Bollinger to Kieswetter, OUT gone! Bollinger strikes as Kieswetter comes down the pitch and gets a clunky bottom edge through to Paine, the ball barely carries but the keeper makes the take;Craig Kieswetter c ?Paine b Bollinger 8 (10m 7b 2x4 0x6) SR: 114.28;
2.1;?;Bollinger to Kieswetter, no run left alone outside off;
1.6;?;McKay to Strauss, no run straighter this time and Strauss clips to midwicket;
1.5;?;McKay to Strauss, no run no swing for McKay, and Strauss defends again;
1.4;?;McKay to Strauss, no run defended towards cover;
1.3;?;McKay to Strauss, no run angled across Strauss, who leaves it alone;
1.2;4;McKay to Strauss, FOUR runs another free hit is used well by Strauss, it's a full toss and Strauss slaps it over wide mid-off for four;
1.2;1nb;McKay to Strauss, (no ball) Strauss defends, but it's another overstep from McKay;
1.1;6;McKay to Strauss, SIX runs and Strauss makes good use of the free hit, a juicy half-volley and the England captain frees his arms and launches it high over long-on for six;
1.1;1nb;McKay to Strauss, (no ball) a half-volley to start with, Strauss drives to mid-off, and he gets a free hit as McKay has got his run-up wrong there;
0.6;?;Bollinger to Kieswetter, no run left alone outside off, no swing for Bollinger;
0.5;4;Bollinger to Kieswetter, FOUR runs another edge and another boundary! Bollinger angles it across the right-hander, there's no swing and there's no third slip, so that flies away to third man;
0.4;4;Bollinger to Kieswetter, FOUR runs a thick inside edge now, Kieswetter gets it away to fine leg, a bit lucky there;
0.4;1w;Bollinger to Kieswetter, 1 wide yuck, another horrible squirty full toss that flies a long way wide of off;
0.3;?;Bollinger to Kieswetter, no run thick inside edge onto the pad;
0.3;1w;Bollinger to Kieswetter, 1 wide oops, Bollinger has sprayed this one well wide of off;
0.2;?;Bollinger to Kieswetter, no run ooh, here's an lbw shout, pitching in line and straightening, Kieswetter leaves and is struck on the thigh but that one is going well over the top;
0.1;1;Bollinger to Strauss, 1 run legside to start with and there's a single clipped through midwicket;

Right then. Here comes the chase. Can Australia defend what looks like a sub-par total? It'll be Doug Bollinger to start things up for Australia. He's a strange man, is Doug. His team-mates say that he always annoys them by telling the same joke: "Two fish are in a tank and one says to the other, how do you drive this thing?"
Anyway, he's bowling to Strauss
 Innings Start
Australia
England
2nd ODI (D/N), Cardiff, Jun 24 2010, Australia tour of England and Ireland
239/7
243/6
Player of the match is Stuart Broad, ENG
England won by 4 wickets (with 28 balls remaining)
