Data
8.45pm Thanks Alan...Brayden : "It's astounding that Agar who well and truly had the lowest economy rate only got 3 overs "
8.35pm: Gee willikers...! After the recent rain in Auckland, the deluge. Martin Guptill was the pain-bringer, his 49-ball hundred replete with punishing blows, but he had excellent support from the hyper-aggessive Colin Munro, while Ross Taylor's late cameo ensured they didn't lose momentum completely as wickets fell. That tally of 18 sixes is joint-third in a T20I innings; New Zealand equalled their own best score; Guptill made the fastest ton by a Kiwi; and Australia's attack got well-and-truly pumped. Right, I need a lie down in a darkened room... but I've got to go and write the report, instead. Gnasher will pick up the baton for tonight's six-athon
19.6;6;Tye to Taylor, SIX runs full toss to finish and Taylor slugs it over the deep midwicket rope! The 18th six of the innings and it takes NZ up to a mighty 243-6 from their 20 overs!;
19.6;1w;Tye to Taylor, 1 wide again Tye loses his line, into the tramlines and he'll have to bowl it again;
19.6;1w;Tye to Taylor, 1 wide slung wide of the stumps as Taylor steps down;
19.5;6;Tye to Taylor, SIX runs length ball, heaved into the leg side, beyond the rope... and it's been snagged by an orange-clad fella in the crowd! A brilliant one-handed catch, and he goes bananas, because it's worth NZ$50,000, I believe! The Aussies should get him in the team;
19.4;2;Tye to Taylor, 2 runs dropped! Full toss, muscled towards deep square leg, but Short puts down a straightforward catch! There's then a run-out chance as he fires in the throw but Taylor dives for the line and makes it safely;
19.3;1;Tye to Wheeler, 1 run pitched up and whacked down the ground for one;
19.2;?;Tye to Wheeler, no run knuckleball, deceives Wheeler and bounces over he stumps;
19.1;1;Tye to Taylor, 1 run short ball, swung away to square leg on the pull;
18.6;1;Kane Richardson to Taylor, 1 run well bowled again, swatted for one by Taylor;
18.5;W;Kane Richardson to Williamson, OUT full outside off, Williamson chips it to long-off running in! Completely mistimed, think it was a slower ball again from Richardson, floated up and plopped down the ground, Tye taking it well;Kane Williamson c Tye b Richardson 1 (1m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
18.4;1;Kane Richardson to Taylor, 1 run pitched up and heaved into the leg side, they think better of coming for two;
18.3;1;Kane Richardson to Williamson, 1 run slower ball again, dabbed square for one;
18.2;W;Kane Richardson to de Grandhomme, OUT bowled 'im! De Grandhomme clears the front leg but is done by the slower ball, thick-edges into his back leg and on to the stumps! Another wicket at the death, Richardson snaffles the dangerous Bigman;Colin de Grandhomme b Richardson 3 (8m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 75;
18.1;2;Kane Richardson to de Grandhomme, 2 runs squirted into the leg side, Maxwell misfields as he attempts to fire in the throw and they come back for two;
15.6;4;Stoinis to Chapman, FOUR runs full ball, Chapman scuttles across his stumps, ramps it fine for four! Piling on the agony;
15.5;2;Stoinis to Chapman, 2 runs dropped! Short ball, Chapman picks out deep square leg on the pull... and Finch shells it! He made the ground, should have caught it but the ball hit the fingers and went down;
15.4;1;Stoinis to Guptill, 1 run full and straight, well bowled, Guptill digs out one through midwicket - raises the NZ 200, with more than four overs to go!;
15.3;1;Stoinis to Chapman, 1 run on the stumps, Chapman swings a single through midwicket;
15.2;1;Stoinis to Guptill, 1 run full and swatted into the covers;
15.1;6;Stoinis to Guptill, SIX runs short now, Guptill swings savagely, lands the ball on the rope at long-on - that's his century, from 49 balls! Second T20I hundred for Guppy. Think it was a slower ball but it went pretty quickly to the fence, even though he was off balance;
15.1;7nb;Stoinis to Guptill, (no ball) SIX runs swung high and handsome over cow corner! Puts it on a length and Guptill puts it into the stand again, moves to within a blow of his hundred!;
14.6;1;Kane Richardson to Guptill, 1 run short ball, pulled without timing through backward square leg;
14.5;6;Kane Richardson to Guptill, SIX runs length ball, Guptill quietly taps into the covers and straightens his collar pings it back over the head of long-on for six more! Didn't connect cleanly with this but the Eden Park boundaries ensure the fielder isn't in business here;
14.4;4;Kane Richardson to Guptill, FOUR runs short and wide, sits back and cuts, sends it screaming into a gap, four to deep backward point this time!;
14.3;6;Kane Richardson to Guptill, SIX runs full, taking the pace off, but he's missed the blockhole and Guptill hammers it into the stands! Another full-fat smack down the ground, well back over long-on;
14.2;?;Kane Richardson to Guptill, no run good bowling, full on off, 132kph and Guptill can only jam down on it;
14.1;1;Kane Richardson to Chapman, 1 run pitched up wide of off, chopped through the covers;
17.6;W;Stanlake to Chapman, OUT oof, that's a blow on the helmet - and it's knocked clean off his head and into the stumps! Very unfortunate for Chapman, he's unhurt but he is out... Reminiscent of Pietersen getting out against WI a decade ago, the helmet slipped straight off his head and bounced into the wicket. Stanlake strikes, closing out a decent over;Mark Chapman hit wicket b Stanlake 16 (26m 14b 1x4 0x6) SR: 114.28;
17.5;1lb;Stanlake to de Grandhomme, 1 leg bye back of a length, taking the pace off again and De Grandhomme takes it on the body trying to swing up and over fine leg;
17.4;1;Stanlake to Chapman, 1 run short. 140kph and mistimed on the pull down the ground;
17.3;?;Stanlake to Chapman, no run slower delivery, bowled it well and Chapman is duped swinging hard outside off;
17.2;2;Stanlake to Chapman, 2 runs pitched up, flicked firmly off the pads in front of deep midwicket, Stoinis pulls of a good sliding stop on the fence;
17.2;1w;Stanlake to Chapman, 1 wide goes round the wicket, slides a full ball down the leg side;
17.1;1;Stanlake to de Grandhomme, 1 run full and straight and swung high to leg, into a gap but just one;
16.6;2;Tye to Chapman, 2 runs sliding across the left-hander, who slices a couple wide of this man;
16.5;?;Tye to Chapman, no run full outside off, gets a swing and a miss;
16.4;W;Tye to Guptill, OUT got him, slogged into the leg side! Guptill finally plinks one short of the rope, Tye gets another, although it was close to being a no-ball... Swung towards deep midwicket from high on the bat and Maxwell again takes the catch coming in off the rope;Martin Guptill c Maxwell b Tye 105 (74m 54b 6x4 9x6) SR: 194.44;
16.4;1w;Tye to Guptill, 1 wide fired wide of the off-side line;
16.3;2;Tye to Guptill, 2 runs fired in full, Guptill was backing away, chopped between his legs - audacious, brings out the "Natmeg", Stanlake does well to prevent four;
16.2;1;Tye to Chapman, 1 run pitched up and swatted towards mid-off, Maxwell's throw is errant;
16.2;1w;Tye to Chapman, 1 wide angled across, misses the tramlines;
16.1;1;Tye to Guptill, 1 run full, taking the pace off, chopped for one;
13.6;6;Stoinis to Guptill, SIX runs another full toss and Guptill smokes it over wide long-off to finish the over with another six! Quite a wide line, full extension of the arms, just levered into the boundary boards;
13.5;1;Stoinis to Chapman, 1 run short ball, Chapman pulls it to deep midwicket - only singles off this Stoinis over so far;
13.4;1;Stoinis to Guptill, 1 run full toss on leg, bunted through midwicket for one more;
13.3;1;Stoinis to Chapman, 1 run full outside off, 131kph and punched to long-off along the baize;
13.2;?;Stoinis to Chapman, no run short ball, pulled into his thigh pad and Chapman wants one, is sent back wisely but Guptill... and Stoinis misses with a toe-end dink towards the stumps with the batsman trying to regain his ground! Think he would just have made it;
13.1;1;Stoinis to Guptill, 1 run short of a length, 130 kays and pulled flat through midwicket;
12.6;1;Agar to Guptill, 1 run pushed through on middle and leg, Guptill settles for a prod to long-on;
12.5;W;Agar to Seifert, OUT Agar baits the trap, and Seifert picks out deep square leg! Hitting towards the longer part of the ground, against the spin and the connection wasn't good, sailed down the throat of Finch, who holds it safely;Tim Seifert c Finch b Agar 12 (8m 6b 1x4 1x6) SR: 200;
12.4;1;Agar to Guptill, 1 run angled in flat and worked for one;
12.3;1;Agar to Seifert, 1 run tossed up and flicked firmly towards short fine leg, good fielding prevents it running away;
12.2;?;Agar to Seifert, no run ooh, tries to get cute, going for a reverse-muller over backward point, doesn't get hold of it;
12.1;1;Agar to Guptill, 1 run lobbed up leg side, slows the pace and Guptill seemed to glove that straight through the keeper, though hard to call it a chance;
11.6;4;Stanlake to Seifert, FOUR runs full and driven, towards long-off... who slips and lets it through for four more! Brings up the NZ 150 in the process;
11.5;1;Stanlake to Guptill, 1 run fired in and tapped down the ground;
11.4;2;Stanlake to Guptill, 2 runs pitched up full on leg, Guptill flicked it away through backward square leg - and that's the record, most T20I runs for Guptill!;
11.3;4;Stanlake to Guptill, FOUR runs short ball but it's leg side, 143kph and pulled away fine for four, easy pickings;
11.2;1;Stanlake to Seifert, 1 run bowling round the wicket, speared in full, struck on the back leg... Umpire says no, think it just pitched outside leg stump;
11.1;1;Stanlake to Guptill, 1 run back of a length, Guptill slugs it to leg;
10.6;6;Tye to Seifert, SIX runs hits his first ball for a Dorothy! Full outside off, Seifert steps into line and slots it over long-off, didn't hit it too hard and the ball just plops beyond the rope;
10.5;1;Tye to Guptill, 1 run on the stumps, punched back in the air, just wide of the bowler;
10.4;W;Tye to Munro, OUT slogged down the ground... but this is pouched at long-on! Australia finally get their breakthrough, Maxwell running around to bag it safely. Didn't quite get hold of this one, Tye back off the canvas, bloodied but not beaten;Colin Munro c Maxwell b Tye 76 (44m 33b 6x4 6x6) SR: 230.3;
10.3;6;Tye to Munro, SIX runs three in a row!!! This one is massive! Swung over midwicket, goes about 15 rows back into the crowd, Tye being collared here;
10.2;6;Tye to Munro, SIX runs length ball on the pads, Munro hits a flat six over backward square leg! This one does only just clear the rope...;
10.1;6;Tye to Munro, SIX runs into the crowd again! Munro stays still in the crease and creams it over long-on;
9.6;1;Short to Munro, 1 run punched down the ground, respite for Aus;
9.5;4;Short to Munro, FOUR runs flat and sliding on with the arm, Munro swivels and slaps it past deep backward square for four!;
9.4;6;Short to Munro, SIX runs tossed up and smeared over long-off! Munro goes to fifty with a six, too! Clean drive through the line, almost into the second tier - never mind the small boundaries!;
9.3;1;Short to Guptill, 1 run looped up and swung away menacingly into the leg side;
9.2;6;Short to Guptill, SIX runs tick, tick, tick BOOM! Hits with the spin, nicely into range for the loose-limbed Guptil, who reaches out and slams over long-on - Guptil gets fifty and up comes the NZ 100, too!;
9.1;1;Short to Munro, 1 run pushed through and worked back down the ground for one;
8.6;1;Agar to Munro, 1 run floated up and swiped down the ground for one to long-on;
8.5;2;Agar to Munro, 2 runs pushed through and heaved leg side, into a gap at deep midwicket for a couple;
8.4;?;Agar to Munro, no run pushed back to the bowler;
8.3;6;Agar to Munro, SIX runs tossed up and crrrrrrrrrrruuuuuuuuuuuunched into the crowd over long-on! This was fast, almost looked like a medium-pace delivery, Munro just whacked it back in the direction whence it came;
8.2;1;Agar to Guptill, 1 run pushed through on leg and tickled off the pads;
8.1;1;Agar to Munro, 1 run fired in flat outside leg stump, swung away fine for one;
7.6;1;Stoinis to Munro, 1 run wicket-to-wicket stuff, chopped through the leg side;
7.5;1;Stoinis to Guptill, 1 run short ball, sits up to be slugged in front of deep midwicket, Maxwell cuts it off in front of the rope;
7.4;1lb;Stoinis to Munro, 1 leg bye full on the pads, whipped fine for one;
7.3;4;Stoinis to Munro, FOUR runs slower ball, pushed across the bows, Munro slashes like Freddy Krueger and it comes off the toe, beats the diving Carey and Stanlake can't reel it in in front of third man;
7.2;?;Stoinis to Munro, no run speared in full, 135kph and Munro can only dig it out towards midwicket;
7.1;1;Stoinis to Guptill, 1 run on the stumps, worked into a gap leg side;
6.6;?;Agar to Munro, no run pushed through quickly outside leg stump, Munro looks to give it some more pongo over midwicket, but is hit on the pad;
6.5;1;Agar to Guptill, 1 run fired in, Guptill rocks back and heaves a pull to deep midwicket;
6.4;1;Agar to Munro, 1 run tossed up outside off, bludgeoned down the ground to long-off for one;
6.3;6;Agar to Munro, SIX runs flat on the stumps, into Munro's arc and mowed over wide long-on! Flat-batted whack and it sails over the ropes!;
6.2;1;Agar to Guptill, 1 run darted flat, touch short but Guptill just prods it into the midwicket gap for one;
6.1;?;Agar to Guptill, no run round the wicket, pushed through and chopped towards backward point;
5.6;1;Stoinis to Guptill, 1 run angled in with the arm and Guptill flicks a single to keep the strike;
5.5;?;Stoinis to Guptill, no run back of a length outside off, toe-ended into the covers;
5.4;1;Stoinis to Munro, 1 run short of a length, 135kph and jabbed into the midwicket area for one;
5.4;1w;Stoinis to Munro, 1 wide banged in, climbing through well over the batsman's head;
5.3;4;Stoinis to Munro, FOUR runs length, on the pads, Munro brings out his axe and lumberjacks four more to deep backward square leg;
5.2;?;Stoinis to Munro, no run shortish, dabbed down behind square;
5.1;4;Stoinis to Munro, FOUR runs pitched up and lashed towards wide long-off, almost goes for six! Skidding on cross-seam, Munro just bullies through the line, towards the longest part of the ground;
4.6;4;Tye to Guptill, FOUR runs slower ball but it's leg side and Guptill has scooped it over short fine leg! Audacious, gets under it, skips away to the rope again! NZ are flying;
4.5;?;Tye to Guptill, no run short, stays back and attempts the ramp, fails to connect;
4.4;6;Tye to Guptill, SIX runs here he goes again! Cross-seam ball from Tye, he makes a bit of room and splats it over long-off, another easy, breezy swing of the arms - that's the NZ 50 up, from just 28 balls!;
4.3;1;Tye to Munro, 1 run length, wobbly around off, Munro dinks it down the ground;
4.2;1;Tye to Guptill, 1 run taking the pace off, prodded into a gap;
4.1;1;Tye to Munro, 1 run was that a drop? Munro rather chipped a drive back towards the bowler, Tye looked frustrated to have missed it... went straight through the hands;
3.6;1;Stanlake to Munro, 1 run angled across and spiked into the covers, Stoinis takes the pace off it;
3.5;4;Stanlake to Munro, FOUR runs full and POW! Munro now spanks Stanlake down the ground, looked like it might go straight to mid-off but there was enough biff on the shot to clear the man, one-bounce four!;
3.4;1;Stanlake to Guptill, 1 run sort ball, Guptll was backing away and had to punch a pull away square;
3.3;?;Stanlake to Guptill, no run goes very short, trampoline bounce over the crouching batsman;
3.2;6;Stanlake to Guptill, SIX runs sweet potato pie, that's massive! Pitched up and hammered way back over the sightscreen, a real golf swing, straight as a die into the stands;
3.1;?;Stanlake to Guptill, no run length, touching 149kph and Guptill mistimes an aggressive mow;
2.6;?;Kane Richardson to Munro, no run short ball, Munro swipes at it - and nearly plays on again! Edged a whisker past off stump, Carey does well to prevent it slipping past him for another streaky four;
2.5;1lb;Kane Richardson to Guptill, 1 leg bye slightly leg side and it's deflected off the hip;
2.4;?;Kane Richardson to Guptill, no run pitched up, Guptill swings hard, comes off the inside of the bat to midwicket;
2.3;1;Kane Richardson to Munro, 1 run short ball, 133kph, sits up to be thwacked on the pull, one to deep square leg;
2.2;?;Kane Richardson to Munro, no run slower ball, Munro skips down and flails at it without connecting;
2.1;4;Kane Richardson to Munro, FOUR runs another boundary! Bit of luck this time, Munro forcing at the ball away from his body and thick-edging past his stumps;
1.6;6;Stanlake to Guptill, SIX runs down the ground, smashed for the first six! Guptill is motoring straight away, carves himself a chunk of Stanlake pie - quickly on to the bat and quickly back over long-off, flat and hard;
1.5;?;Stanlake to Guptill, no run length, 147kph outside off, dabbed towards backward point;
1.4;?;Stanlake to Guptill, no run pitched up in the channel and Guptill launches a drive, backing away and freeing the arms, struck firmly but straight to mid-off;
1.3;?;Stanlake to Guptill, no run touch shorter, 148kph and it's on him quickly, defended down... just past off stump!;
1.2;4;Stanlake to Guptill, FOUR runs oh, nicely done! Cheeky from Guppy, rocking back and using the pace, ramping four over guilly;
1.1;3;Stanlake to Munro, 3 runs shaping in, good pace on a length, Munro takes it through midwicket this time, picks up three from his first ball;
0.6;4;Kane Richardson to Guptill, FOUR runs pitched up and Guptill stretches forward, thick edge in the aiiiiiiirrrrrrrr... but it whizzes past backward point and runs all the way for four more!;
0.5;?;Kane Richardson to Guptill, no run back of a length around ff stump, defended towards backward point;
0.5;1w;Kane Richardson to Guptill, 1 wide fired down the leg side this time;
0.5;1w;Kane Richardson to Guptill, 1 wide some away swing for Richardson, too wide to begin with;
0.4;2;Kane Richardson to Guptill, 2 runs length ball, too straight and Guptill works the ball in front of square, deep square leg has to come across and they trundle through for two;
0.3;?;Kane Richardson to Guptill, no run touch shorter, 135kph and nibbling in to his the knee roll as Guptill hangs back - high? Maybe heading down;
0.2;?;Kane Richardson to Guptill, no run length, around fourth stump, met on the front foot but checked into the covers;
0.1;4;Kane Richardson to Guptill, FOUR runs fullish, sliding into the pads, 131kph and Guptill skims a leg glance wide of the man on the edge of the ring, Billy Stanlake can't get his rig moving quickly enough and that's a boundary off the first ball;

Evening all. Will it be a batting paradise in the Park of Eden? Who's heading for a fall? We're about to find out... Kane Richardson will open the bowling, Martin Guptill on strike
6.50am Paul: "I know this is probably a no, but is the cricket on free to air in Australia?" Yep, change of broadcasters for the second half of the tournament. Right, to take you through the first innings it's over to Alan
6.40am Mani : "Hi Dan, I think the jump in ranking is a reflection of the amount of T20I a team plays rather than it's fickle nature or the quality of opponents. There are just too few games to have a honest ranking system."
Much is made of the short straight boundaries at Eden Park, but the ground isn't especially high-scoring in T20 - although Pakistan did make 201 here a few weeks ago
6.30pm New Zealand won the toss and will bat. Mitchell Santner is out with a knee problem and he's replaced by Ben Wheeler
David Warner, who has had a couple of extra days at home, says he would have bowled first. Australia are unchanged
Therealnews: "Dear England fans - there is a cyclone due next week in NZ so England are basically gone regardless - so you may as well cheer for us Kiwis as usual." Forecast for Hamilton on Sunday looks okay at the moment
Alex: "@Chris Enright, I know how they feel. As a Kiwi, I tried to cheer for Australia when they dumped England out of the Rugby World Cup, and spent half the match nearly asphyxiated with the effort. It's all a vicious circle."
6.15pm It's been quite a turnaround for Australia's T20 fortunes in and remarkably if they win the next two matches they will be No. 1 in the rankings.
Dhaval: "Seriously feel there should be more Tri-series in both ODi and T20 and fewer bilateral series. This is so much more fun."
Dan: "You can climb from seventh to first in the space of only five games, against two other teams? That's not right. Just because T20 is fickle doesn't mean the rankings have to be as well."
Chris Enright: "What a hoot! The POM's will be cheering for us, through gritted teeth .. :-)"
6.00pm Hello everyone and welcome to our coverage of this tri-series match from Eden Park. New Zealand can secure their place in the final with a win tonight. In turn that would dump England out - they need a favour from Australia. No issues there, right?
The T20 game has come a long way since these two sides met for the first ever international in 2005 on this ground. How well do you remember it?
 Innings Start
Australia win by five wickets with the highest T20 chase in history. What an extraordinary match, even with the short boundaries. That winning six was the 32nd of the match and equals the most in a single game. Phew, I need to catch by breath! And, amid all this, the result means England are still alive in the tri-series. They played New Zealand at Hamilton on Sunday. In a match of 488 runs, did the way Australia finished with the ball win that?
Satish kumar: "This match was more like highlights of that Johannesburg match b/w Aus and SAF"
Jigar: "Finch is a silent contributor of this Aus team. his score of 36* of 14 ball is a clear difference between two team. While NZ middle order failed to accelerate Finch doing it without any fuzz. He can be long term no. 4 for Aus in ODI too."
Peter: "32 sixes in 39 overs..... I guess that is what the T20 crowds want, and hopefully there's not the thinking to make this the norm rather than the exception. But you never know what money can deliver."
Burli: "Can someone crunch the numbers for what extent England need to be New Zealand by on Sunday to get through to the final?" Being worked on now
Man of the match is D'Arcy Short. "Great run chase by the boys. We knew we had the firepower to do it."
Kane Williamson. "It was a very good surface, small ground. We've sometimes seen scores on the lower side here. At the halfway point you feel you have a fairly good score on the board. It's a very tough one, Australia played very nicely. Hard to be too critical of the bowlers. Half hits would go 20 rows back. Any time Mitch plays he's outstanding, you want to have him but injuries happen. All the bowlers will feel it today, tough to swallow, but we need to bounce back. Hamilton will be a different surface."
David Warner "Fantastic effort from the guys, you just have to take the scoreboard out of it. We brought it back slightly [with the ball], a fantastic knock by New Zealand as well. I said from day one to have a lot of energy, keep a smile on your face. Was a fantastic surface. 240 might not be enough in the final! We'll need to think about it. Early wickets are the key."
Well, what an evening that was. I'll wrap things up there. There'll be more reaction on the site over the next few hours. But for now, from Alan and Gnasher, it's goodbye and see you on Sunday.
18.5;6;de Grandhomme to Finch, SIX runs that's the match! Finished, aptly, with another six...a full toss is drilled way back into the crowd at long-on;
18.4;1;de Grandhomme to Carey, 1 run full, wide outside off, carved over point to the sweeper;
18.3;W;de Grandhomme to Stoinis, 1 run, OUT steers a full delivery through point, as he made it back for the second? No, he hasn't! A few inches short. Seifert did well to gather the ball and get it back to the stumps;Marcus Stoinis run out (Wheeler/?Seifert) 4 (9m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 80;
18.2;1;de Grandhomme to Finch, 1 run goes full, driven in the air into the leg side, lands between long-on and deep midwicket;
18.2;1w;de Grandhomme to Finch, 1 wide a slower short ball, allows it to loop through to the keeper and gets the wide call;
18.1;1;de Grandhomme to Stoinis, 1 run full, wide outside off, driven to deep cover;
17.6;?;Southee to Finch, no run beaten this time as he tries to ramp a short ball to third man;
17.5;4;Southee to Finch, FOUR runs excellent placement, back of a length outside off, chopped down to third man...the fielder was inside the circle;
17.4;1;Southee to Stoinis, 1 run gets underneath this pull but it lands well short of fine leg;
17.3;1;Southee to Finch, 1 run paddles another short delivery down to fine leg;
17.2;1;Southee to Stoinis, 1 run short of a length, helped behind square on the leg side;
17.1;?;Southee to Stoinis, no run back of a length, misses an attempt pull and gets smack in the stomach;
16.6;6;Boult to Finch, SIX runs that's just a nudge down the ground, full outside off and help over long-on with barely any fuss...a lot happened in that over;
16.5;4;Boult to Finch, FOUR runs lovely shot by Finch, Boult came round the wicket, was angling into the pads just a touch and it was flicked past short fine leg;
16.4;W;Boult to Short, OUT top edge, and taken! A short ball, Short goes for the pull, it goes high in the air and Seifert has plenty of time to get around to short fine leg;D'Arcy Short c ?Seifert b Boult 76 (84m 44b 8x4 3x6) SR: 172.72;
16.3;1;Boult to Finch, 1 run round the wicket, a wide yorker outside off, calmly steered down to third man;
16.2;1;Boult to Short, 1 run full at off stump, drilled down to long-on and it's caught but won't count;
16.2;2nb;Wheeler to Finch, (no ball) 1 run it's all going badly wrong. Finds deep midwicket where it's taken, is it another no-ball for height?! They are checking it...this will be called again, over waist height. Wheeler is out of the attack after those two full tosses;
16.1;4;Wheeler to Finch, FOUR runs oh dear, a full toss wide outside off, a free swing for Finch and he gets a thick edge past a diving wicketkeeper;
16.1;7nb;Wheeler to Finch, (no ball) SIX runs that's costly! A huge full toss, takes a big top edge as Finch swings across the line and it flies down to fine leg;
15.6;1;Southee to Finch, 1 run short outside off, pulled to deep midwicket...good over for New Zealand;
15.5;1;Southee to Short, 1 run back of a length at off stump, takes a bottom edge and bobbles to the off side;
15.4;1;Southee to Finch, 1 run driven down the ground to long-on;
15.3;?;Southee to Finch, no run beaten first ball, trying to angle a length delivery down to third man...there is a huge appeal for caught behind by Southee. Seifert less excited. No review;
15.2;W;Southee to Maxwell, OUT chopped on! Southee rolls his fingers across this, Maxwell giving himself some room to open up the off side, into off stump;Glenn Maxwell b Southee 31 (18m 14b 3x4 2x6) SR: 221.42;
15.1;4;Southee to Maxwell, FOUR runs full, straight, drilled...and he almost holds the pose;
14.6;1;Sodhi to Maxwell, 1 run pulls a short delivery straight down the ground, one bounce to long-on;
14.5;?;Sodhi to Maxwell, no run well bowled! Beaten by a sharp leg-break which bounces as well, good take for Seifert but Maxwell keeps his foot behind the line as they check for the stumping;
14.4;1;Sodhi to Short, 1 run outside off, opens the face and pushes square to the off side;
14.3;?;Sodhi to Short, no run a googly outside off, slapped to cover;
14.2;1;Sodhi to Maxwell, 1 run short again, this time it's not timed as well, pulled straighter down the ground off the toe end;
14.1;6;Sodhi to Maxwell, SIX runs goes deep in the crease outside leg stump, dragged down short, pulled over deep midwicket;
13.6;1;Boult to Maxwell, 1 run full at the stumps, they've worked in the over, driven to long-off;
13.5;4;Boult to Maxwell, FOUR runs what a shot, brilliant from Maxwell...a slower short ball, he stands tall in the crease and ramps it down to third man;
13.4;1;Boult to Short, 1 run back to full and straight, a low full toss, down to long-on;
13.3;4;Boult to Short, FOUR runs a short ball is costly, angled into the body, pulled around the corner and is down to fine leg in the blink of an eye;
13.2;?;Boult to Short, no run well bowled, gets the yorker in at leg stump, hammers into Short's boot;
13.1;1;Boult to Maxwell, 1 run round the wicket, full and straight, pushed to long-on;
12.6;1;Wheeler to Maxwell, 1 run short at off stump, pulled to deep square leg;
12.5;1;Wheeler to Short, 1 run full and straight, inside edge into the pads and it rebounds towards backward point;
12.4;?;Wheeler to Short, no run a dot ball! Full outside off, played back to the bowler;
12.3;1;Wheeler to Maxwell, 1 run what happened there?! Somehow it's got to third. A sharp bouncer, Maxwell is actually trying to let it go by ducking, leaves the bat up and it glances off the face;
12.2;4;Wheeler to Maxwell, FOUR runs moves outside leg again, short of a length, goes over cover this time, wide of the sweeper and just in front of the rope;
12.1;6;Wheeler to Maxwell, SIX runs and is sent into the stands, a length ball, Maxwell clears the front leg and deposits it over long-on;
11.6;4;de Grandhomme to Short, FOUR runs the placement excellent again, pulls a short ball behind square...they just keep going;
11.5;6;de Grandhomme to Short, SIX runs full at off stump, punched with a straight bat over long-on;
11.4;1;de Grandhomme to Maxwell, 1 run full and straight, clipped off the toes into midwicket;
11.3;1;de Grandhomme to Short, 1 run length ball outside off, driven sweetly to long-off;
11.3;1w;de Grandhomme to Short, 1 wide very wide outside off, barely on the cut strip...New Zealand have offered up too many extras;
11.2;6;de Grandhomme to Short, SIX runs a length ball gets swing into the stands at deep square leg...into a hospitality box;
11.1;W;de Grandhomme to Lynn, OUT taken at deep cover this time! Full outside off, jabbed out over the side, it's a skimming shot, reaches Guptill in a hurry and this time he holds on;Chris Lynn c Guptill b de Grandhomme 18 (10m 13b 1x4 1x6) SR: 138.46;
10.6;1;Sodhi to Lynn, 1 run that's well bowled, pulled the length back as Lynn came down the pitch, driven straight to cover...a good over from Sodhi in the context of this match;
10.5;4;Sodhi to Lynn, FOUR runs full and straight, hammered straight down the ground and the fielders didn't have a hope;
10.4;?;Sodhi to Lynn, no run full at the stumps, gets a thick inside edge into his boot;
10.4;1w;Sodhi to Lynn, 1 wide turn outside off, drives and misses...called wide;
10.3;1;Sodhi to Short, 1 run a googly outside off, worked into the leg side...half-century off 30 balls;
10.2;1;Sodhi to Lynn, 1 run a short delivery, clubbed along the ground to deep midwicket;
10.1;?;Sodhi to Lynn, no run an appeal for lbw as he misses a sweep, probably struck outside the line and spinning to miss off stump;
9.6;1;de Grandhomme to Lynn, 1 run carves a full toss over the off side, Guptill fields this cleanly and there's nearly a mix-up over a second run;
9.5;2;de Grandhomme to Lynn, 2 runs dropped! What a moment that could be...Martin Guptill at deep cover. Well bowled by de Grandhomme, a slower ball into the surface, Lynn couldn't get the distance over the off side but a pretty simple chance is shelled;
9.4;1;de Grandhomme to Short, 1 run round the wicket, flicks a length delivery one bounce to deep square leg;
9.3;1;de Grandhomme to Lynn, 1 run pulled to deep square leg;
9.2;6;de Grandhomme to Lynn, SIX runs a low full toss, he's not hit it that cleanly, but it sails into the crowd over long-off;
9.1;?;de Grandhomme to Lynn, no run gets a bottom edge into his pads as he aims to heave through the leg side;
8.6;1;Sodhi to Lynn, 1 run good length at off stump, Lynn comes forward and pushes into point with an open face;
8.5;1;Sodhi to Short, 1 run cut to deep cover;
8.4;1;Sodhi to Lynn, 1 run full and straight, another googly, takes a thick inside edge into the leg side;
8.3;W;Sodhi to Warner, OUT done him! Beaten all ends up. Very nicely bowled. A googly, think Warner read it, went back to pull but was through his shot a fraction early and the ball takes the top of off stump;David Warner b Sodhi 59 (43m 24b 4x4 5x6) SR: 245.83;
8.2;6;Sodhi to Warner, SIX runs back of a length, stand-and-deliver from Warner, shifts his front leg out of the way and clubs it over long-on;
8.1;1;Sodhi to Short, 1 run drags a shortish ball from outside off to deep midwicket;
7.6;2;de Grandhomme to Warner, 2 runs short outside off, loses his shape as he has a mighty swing, loops off the top edge over point and lands safely;
7.5;1;de Grandhomme to Short, 1 run round the wicket, that's almost conventional cricket, good length at off stump and tapped into point with an open face;
7.4;1;de Grandhomme to Warner, 1 run good length at the stumps, pushed wide of cover;
7.3;4;de Grandhomme to Warner, FOUR runs jeepers, it's tough tonight...full outside off, Warner gets a thick outside wide of the keeper to take him to a 20-ball fifty;
7.2;2;de Grandhomme to Warner, 2 runs miscues through the leg side, doesn't quite carry to deep square leg...bit of a fumble by Munro;
7.2;1w;de Grandhomme to Warner, 1 wide over corrects, goes very full and wide outside off;
7.1;4;de Grandhomme to Warner, FOUR runs short outside leg stump, basically a long hop, pulled powerfully wide of deep square leg;
6.6;2;Sodhi to Short, 2 runs touch shorter, flatter, worked through the leg side and more good placement brings a brace;
6.5;?;Sodhi to Short, no run a dot ball, a precious thing...trying to take a full delivery from outside off through the leg side;
6.4;2;Sodhi to Short, 2 runs short outside off, another wrong 'un, worked out to deep midwicket;
6.3;1;Sodhi to Warner, 1 run full outside leg stump, clipped to short fine leg;
6.2;1;Sodhi to Short, 1 run short, straight, pulled to deep square leg;
6.1;2;Sodhi to Short, 2 runs full outside off, may have been the googly, takes a thick edge towards short third man...and there's an overthrow after a wild return;
5.6;6;Southee to Warner, SIX runs over the leg side, into the second tier! Short, pulled over deep square leg...91 off the Powerplay!;
5.5;?;Southee to Warner, no run goes short, Warner opts to try to go through the off side, moves to leg and it beaten over the top edge...clever change of pace;
5.4;6;Southee to Warner, SIX runs that's ridiculous! He's chipped it for six, barely any power. All timing. A full delivery, a little flick of the wrists sends it over mid-off;
5.3;1;Southee to Short, 1 run gives himself room outside leg and drives a full delivery down the ground;
5.2;4;Southee to Short, FOUR runs short on leg stump, pulled effortlessly off his hip and it's a fraction in front of the rope;
5.1;1;Southee to Warner, 1 run full and straight, driven to mid-off on the edge of the circle;
4.6;1;Wheeler to Warner, 1 run aims for the yorker, it's a low full toss at off stump, not a bad delivery, driven along the ground to long-off...22 off that over;
4.5;1;Wheeler to Short, 1 run back on a length, pulled to deep square leg;
4.5;5w;Wheeler to Short, 5 wide another wild short one, the wheel(ers) are a little off for New Zealand at the moment...goes for the bouncer, sails over Short and the keeper;
4.4;1;Wheeler to Warner, 1 run full at off stump, pushed through the covers;
4.3;6;Wheeler to Warner, SIX runs over the straight boundary, a back-of-a-length ball which he swings off the front foot over mid-on;
4.3;1w;Wheeler to Warner, 1 wide another extra ball as a full delivery is pushed down the leg side, trying to cramp Warner for room;
4.3;1w;Wheeler to Warner, 1 wide drags this down the leg side, another wide;
4.2;6;Wheeler to Warner, SIX runs into the crowd (but not caught this time)...another short ball, this time Warner latches on and clears deep square leg;
4.1;?;Wheeler to Warner, no run swings and a miss against a back-of-a-length ball;
3.6;2;Boult to Short, 2 runs full at off stump, clipped to deep square leg and it's placed well enough for the second...good over from Boult;
3.6;1w;Boult to Short, 1 wide that goes wrong, a full toss slips down the leg side...Short might feel he missed out;
3.5;?;Boult to Short, no run back of a length at 140kph, pulled to midwicket...three dots in a row quite something in this match;
3.4;?;Boult to Short, no run gets the yorker in, at the stumps, dug out back to Boult;
3.3;?;Boult to Short, no run pushes a good-length ball to cover;
3.2;4;Boult to Short, FOUR runs another inside edge! And it escapes to the rope...forcing off the back foot, ball shoots past leg stump;
3.1;1;Boult to Warner, 1 run good length outside off, opens the face down to third man...Wheeler does well to cut it off;
2.6;4;Southee to Short, FOUR runs and that rubs it in, another short one and this time it's pulled away wide of short fine leg;
2.5;4;Southee to Short, FOUR runs dropped! That one was gloved. On leg stump again, Short goes for the pull and it takes the shoulder of the bat - maybe glove as well - but Seifert can't cling on diving to his right;
2.5;1w;Southee to Short, 1 wide short outside leg stump, he goes for the pull and there's a slightly belated appeal for a catch down the leg side...given wide;
2.4;1;Southee to Warner, 1 run full at the stumps, pace off at 119kph, pushed into the covers;
2.3;1;Southee to Short, 1 run full at middle and leg, flicked off the pads to deep midwicket;
2.2;1;Southee to Warner, 1 run a touch fuller, at the stumps, heaves across the line and finds deep midwicket...rolled his fingers across it;
2.1;4;Southee to Warner, FOUR runs short of a length on leg stump, Warner pulls it off his hip behind square;

Southee replaces Boult
 Innings Start
New Zealand
Australia
5th Match (N), Auckland, Feb 16 2018, Trans-Tasman Twenty20 Tri-Series
243/6
245/5
Player of the match is D'Arcy Short, AUS
Australia won by 5 wickets (with 7 balls remaining)
