Data
Hayden's good innings has carried Australia to 346. He was sluggish, had a couple close calls in the field, but smoked some super dingers and has batted all through the innings, despite injury to the foot, to take his side to a very competitive total. I was going to add another 'very' in there but then we've seen, in this series and last year's version, how New Zealand have chased down totals close to this. I will reiterate again just how easy it is to clear the ropes on the grounds we've seen in New Zealand. I'm not picking a favorite just yet, but I will put my money down on the world-record 26 sixes falling in this match. Just another 11 will break that.
Do join me again at around 18:30 local, 05:30 GMT for New Zealand's chase and Australia's attempt at avoiding a whitewash...or is it blackwash? I'll be back with all the action.
49.6;4;Tuffey to Hayden, FOUR runs not six, but four! Hayden slams another one-handed shot smack down the ground over Tuffey's head for four, and ends up with the highest individual score for an Australian batsman in an ODI, and he carried his bat to boot!;
49.5;1;Tuffey to Voges, 1 run fullish delivery outside off stump, Voges slogs that down to long-on to get Hayden back on strike for the final ball;
49.4;1;Tuffey to Hayden, 1 run full toss outside off stump, he swings a one-handed shot on that and will only get one to midwicket;
49.3;1;Tuffey to Voges, 1 run overpitched outside off stump, driven down to long-off;
49.2;1;Tuffey to Hayden, 1 run good length outside off stump, chipped over cover for one;
49.1;6;Tuffey to Hayden, SIX runs A one-handed six, would you believe it! What a small ground! Hayden gets under a low full toss and sends it over long-off for his tenth sixth, and thats ridiculous!;
48.6;1;Gillespie to Hayden, 1 run strays down the pads again and Hayden flicks out to deep midwicket for one to keep strike last over;
48.5;1;Gillespie to Voges, 1 run back of a length outside off stump, steered down to third man for one;
48.5;2nb;Gillespie to Hayden, (no ball) 1 run dropped! Hayden clips a full delivery on the legs out to McMillan on the deep midwicket ropes, but its in and out of his hands...and whats this? Its a no-ball...too much!;
48.4;1;Gillespie to Voges, 1 run fullish outside off stump, Voges comes onto the frontfoot and chips this over point for one out to the sweeper;
48.3;1lb;Gillespie to Hayden, 1 leg bye this was in the slot to be creamed over the onside but Hayden's moved so far outside leg stump that he gets a leg bye off the front pad towards backward point;
48.2;4;Gillespie to Hayden, FOUR runs full toss outside the off stump, again he just stands erect and drives in the gap on the off side and the ball races away to the ropes;
48.1;1;Gillespie to Voges, 1 run full delivery outside off stump, he gets the bat down and pushes into the covers;
47.6;6;Tuffey to Hayden, SIX runs make that nine sixes for Hayden! He clears the leg, backing away and making room to smote that very, very high over long-off for maximum over the sight screen;
47.5;1;Tuffey to Voges, 1 run good length outside off stump, steered towards point for the single;
47.4;6;Tuffey to Voges, SIX runs oh, hello! What timing! Voges takes this from just outside off stump and sends it flat as a whistle over mid-on for his first ODI six;
47.3;1;Tuffey to Hayden, 1 run good length outside off stump, he stands and drives down to long-off for one more and thats the highest score for an Aussie against New Zealand in one-day cricket;
47.2;1;Tuffey to Voges, 1 run good length delivery outside off stump, driven down to long-off for one;
47.1;2;Tuffey to Voges, 2 runs comes forward to a full delivery and works it wide of mid-on, they run hard and push for two and get it;
46.6;1;Gillespie to Voges, 1 run and he's off the mark first ball, driving a good length delivery from Gillespie down to long-off;
46.5;1;Gillespie to Hayden, 1 run good length on middle and leg, worked past square leg for one;
46.4;W;Gillespie to White, OUT not this time! A bad ball but White cant send another full toss over deep midwicket as he finds Styris about three feet inside the wide long-on ropes;Cameron White c Styris b Gillespie 13 (8m 8b 0x4 2x6) SR: 162.5;
46.3;6;Gillespie to White, SIX runs even better! White tees-off and sends this dinger sailing miles over long-off and thats the 15th six of the innings so far, carnage!;
46.2;6;Gillespie to White, SIX runs six for White! Lands on a back fo a length on the stump and he swings it away over deep midwicket for six of his own, oh boy, what next??;
46.1;1;Gillespie to Hayden, 1 run bowled, in the blockhole, Hayden's confused as he swings at it and the ball takes the edge to the off side;

Patel's spend ends.
 Innings Start
I need a breather and a nice stiff drink. Wow. If you thought the last match was a humdinger, well I'll tell you, this was something else. Bracken just lost the plot in the last over, offering a bleeding full toss to McCullum, a man whose reputation as a last-ditch scrapper has skyrocketed. What an innings he played, an unbeaten 86 from 91 deliveries, partnering the never-say-die McMillan in the partnership of the match.
McMillan....well, he needs a special mention. From 41 for 4, with the solid Peter Fulton for support to begin with, he slammed the fastest ODI hundred by a New Zealander. He showed his belligerence in the CB Series and in the last match, but today he took it up a notch and then some. A fabulous innings from him, a day he wont forget any time soon. McMillan, Fulton, McCullum and that man Mark Gillespie, who kept everyone on their toes with a 15-ball 28, mastering the art of the inside-edge and french cut to perfection.
Spare a though for Mike Hussey, who hasnt won a game as captain. He had a depleted side, but then like they say, you put your best team forward. New Zealand too were without their two best bowlers, Shane Bond and Daniel Vettori, and it showed as Matthew Hayden led a fine onslaught to carry Australia to 346. He carried his bat, and braved a fractured foot to score an unbeaten 181, the highest score by an Australian. Unfortunately, he didnt take the field and ended up on the losing side. His injury will monitored very closely leading into the World Cup in three weeks.
For those interested in stats, today's match had 26 sixes - yes, 26 - to equal the record set during that 438 match at Johannesburg last year.
So New Zealand sweep the 2006-07 Chappell-Hadlee Series.
Well, thats all we have for you. This was the last official ODI ahead of that little tournament the ICC have lined up next month. We will definitely see you there. This is Jamie Alter signing off with a hearty cheers until the World Cup!
49.3;4;Bracken to McCullum, FOUR runs thats four, and New Zealand have whitewashed, blackwashed, whatever you wanna call it - they've beaten Australia 3-0! McCullum slashes another low full toss, one-handed, smack in the gap behind backward point and since everyone was up, that ball was destined for the ropes!;
49.2;?;Bracken to McCullum, no run full and he drives that back to the bowler;
49.1;6;Bracken to McCullum, SIX runs would you believe it? Bracken! He bowls a knee-high full toss on the stumps and McCullum slams that superbly over deep fine leg for half a dozen! What a game this is!;
48.6;1;Tait to McCullum, 1 run full in the blockhole, McCullum looks to club it, mistimes it to the off side, sets off, Tait and cover swoop in and fire a throw but McCullum is safe;
48.5;W;Tait to Gillespie, OUT run out! Tait bowls a great, low delivery outside off stump, Gillespie squeezes the bat down it to steer it to backward point, crosses for one and then as he turns for the second, has to head back as a very good throw comes in from Voges to get him inches short of his crease;Mark Gillespie run out (Voges) 28 (20m 15b 3x4 0x6) SR: 186.66;
48.4;1;Tait to McCullum, 1 run full and wide, he makes room and square-drives past backward point, thought about the second but thinks better;
48.3;1;Tait to Gillespie, 1 run short of a length, a bouncer, but Gillespie gets up on the toes and runs that in the gap at gully for one down to third man;
48.2;1;Tait to McCullum, 1 run good ball, in the blockhole, McCullum hammers it wide of mid-on for a quick single;
48.1;?;Tait to McCullum, no run full and wide, he crunches a hard drive to cover;
47.6;2;Bracken to Gillespie, 2 runs yorker goes wrong again, ends up full, and Gillespie flicks wide of square leg, wants two, a good throw comes in but Gillespie is home safe;
47.5;?;Bracken to Gillespie, no run good ball again, well done, great length outside off stump and it beats Gillespie's attempted slash;
47.4;2;Bracken to Gillespie, 2 runs slower ball on off stump, now he's just messing with all of us is Gillespie, as he gets over it and flicks over square leg for a couple more;
47.3;2;Bracken to Gillespie, 2 runs full on middle and leg, and he plays a very good-looking flick, proper roll of the wrists et al, and gets an easy two out to deep midwicket;
47.2;1;Bracken to McCullum, 1 run full on middle and leg, he uses the feet to flick to mid-on for one...he sure trusts Gillespie;
47.1;?;Bracken to McCullum, no run good ball! Zeroed in on middle and off and McCullum can only dig it out back to Bracken...well bowled;
46.6;1;Tait to McCullum, 1 run overpitched outside off stump, McCullum leans into it and drives out to cover sweeper for the single...Seddon Park is alive;
46.5;1;Tait to Gillespie, 1 run attempted yorker on off stump, he makes room and exposes the stumps, and then jams the bat down to steer it down to third man...Gillespie!;
46.4;2;Tait to Gillespie, 2 runs fast and full, speared into leg stump, he shuffles and nudges it into the gap at midwicket and thats some terrific running;
46.3;4;Tait to Gillespie, FOUR runs Gillespie you beauty! This one is full and moving into leg stump, Gillespie backs away and squirts the bat at it, and gets another four courtesy the french cut;
46.2;1;Tait to McCullum, 1 run overpitched outside off stump, room on offer, McCullum hits that very hard down to Hogg at long-off, who gets down and fields well;
46.1;2;Tait to McCullum, 2 runs biffed! Full and straight, McCullum clears the leg and drives straight down the ground, long-off and long-on converge but the batsmen get two anyways, great running;

29 from 24. Tait and Bracken will bowl out. Here's the former.
 Innings Start
Australia
New Zealand
3rd ODI (D/N), Hamilton, Feb 20 2007, Australia tour of New Zealand
346/5
350/9
Player of the match is Matthew Hayden, AUS
New Zealand won by 1 wicket (with 3 balls remaining)
