Data
We'll be back with the chase in a bit.
Australia were heading for 220 or more at one stage, but although India managed to rein them in slightly, after Finch's dismissal, thy are still chasing plenty. That big bad top order has to live up to its reputation here.
Amit: "India will still fancy their chances on this smallish Rajkot ground.. anything over 220 or so would have been almost impossible just for psychological value attached to it."
19.6;6;Sharma to Faulkner, SIX runs and they get to 200 with a big one off the last ball. Poor ball from Ishant. It was full on the stumps and right in the slot. Faulkner just swings big and connects well enough to clear the boundary at wide mid-on.;
19.5;1;Sharma to Coulter-Nile, 1 run full and slightly wide, driven straight to Raina at extra-cover again;
19.4;1;Sharma to Faulkner, 1 run short of a length outiside off stump, Faulkner stands tall and swats that cross-batted on the off side, but a diving extra-cover allows only one;
19.3;1;Sharma to Coulter-Nile, 1 run full and wide again, driven along the ground to the offside sweeper this time;
19.2;2;Sharma to Coulter-Nile, 2 runs full and a little wide, Coulter-Nile tries to carve that high over the off side, but mistimes it. Clears the infield though and a fielder runs back to collect;
19.1;?;Sharma to Coulter-Nile, no run short ball just outside off stump, batsman aims a big baseball shot but misses;
18.6;1;Vinay to Coulter-Nile, 1 run length ball, slower one on the pads, N C-N tries to swivel pull that away, but has the timing completely wrong. Ball strikes him on the thigh-pad and they run through for a leg bye;
18.5;?;Vinay to Coulter-Nile, no run wide-ish yorker again, Coulter-Nile chops down on it but misses;
18.4;4;Vinay to Coulter-Nile, FOUR runs full wide, and Coulter-Nile goes down on one knee to square drive that past backward point and to the fence. Good shot;
18.3;1;Vinay to Faulkner, 1 run slower ball short and outside off stump, cut away to third man without much power;
18.2;1;Vinay to Coulter-Nile, 1 run full on off stump, driven to long off;
18.1;1;Vinay to Faulkner, 1 run length ball on off stump, pushed square into the offside infield, where there is a gap;
17.6;1;Bhuvneshwar to Faulkner, 1 run slower leg cutter again, straightening just outside off stump, Faulkner opens the face and gets one behind square;
17.5;1;Bhuvneshwar to Coulter-Nile, 1 run fullish ball, hit along the ground to cover and the batsmen scamper through;
17.4;W;Bhuvneshwar to Henriques, OUT and another slower ball does the trick. Shortish one, outside off stump. Henriques tries to pull but again, is too early and a leading edge balloons to point;Moises Henriques c Yuvraj Singh b Kumar 12 (16m 12b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
17.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Henriques, no run fuller and closer to the stumps, tries to open the face again but misses;
17.2;4;Bhuvneshwar to Henriques, FOUR runs length ball outside off stump, and that's played beautifully late. Just opens the face and third man dives, but it's too fine for him;
17.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Henriques, no run short ball outside off stump, batsman has a big swing but misses;
16.6;?;Vinay to Coulter-Nile, no run slower ball, legcutter I think, straightening on middle stump. Batsman backs away slightly and chops it straight to point.;
16.5;1;Vinay to Henriques, 1 run full and wide, driven to deep cover who fields it smartly and keeps it to one run;
16.4;1;Vinay to Coulter-Nile, 1 run slower ball on the stumps, turned square on the leg side for a single;
16.3;W;Vinay to Finch, OUT he's got him. Can you believe it's off a knee-high full toss? That's floated up to Finch, who misjudges the pace, and is too early on the shot. He gets an under-edge and hits it straight back to the bowler, who seems to hurt his finger as he holds on. End of a very good innings.;Aaron Finch c & b Vinay Kumar 89 (71m 52b 14x4 1x6) SR: 171.15;
16.2;1;Vinay to Henriques, 1 run length ball outside off stump, driven to long off;
16.1;1;Vinay to Finch, 1 run slower ball, fullish on off stump, Finch has a big swing, but mistimes it. Goes along the ground to wide mid on;
15.6;1;Sharma to Finch, 1 run length outside off stump, driven to that deep cover man again, who does enough to prevent two;
15.5;4;Sharma to Finch, FOUR runs short of a length, and a little wide. Finch is just preying on anything even slightly off line. Cuts that powerfully, cover sweeper runs around and dives, but can only help it onto the boundary;
15.4;1;Sharma to Henriques, 1 run slower ball, short and wide. Henriques waits for it and deflects it behind square on the off side for a single;
15.3;1;Sharma to Finch, 1 run full on the pads, driven to long on;
15.2;4;Sharma to Finch, FOUR runs and a poor ball follows. Full toss on the pads, Finch launches that straight-ish on the leg side. Splits long on and midwicket again;
15.1;4;Sharma to Finch, FOUR runs full on the stumps and Finch has played that inside-out shot so well today. Gets low, and carves it over cover again, right in between the two fielders;
14.6;1;Jadeja to Finch, 1 run full on the stumps, hit through the off side for a single;
14.5;1;Jadeja to Henriques, 1 run full on the stumps, straightening. Henriques comes forward and hits it toward long on, where there is a gap;
14.4;1;Jadeja to Finch, 1 run low full toss on the stumps, Finch drives it to long on;
14.3;1;Jadeja to Henriques, 1 run wider and shorter, cut to the cover sweeper who runs around to cut it off;
14.2;2;Jadeja to Henriques, 2 runs shorter and straightening on middle this time, turned away for a well run two;
14.1;?;Jadeja to Henriques, no run full ball straightening on the stumps, Henriques defends;
13.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run fullish ball pushed into the offside infield;
13.5;4;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, FOUR runs short of a length and that's some placement! Finch muscles that ball onto the leg side, and long on and midwicket almost bump into each other on the fence as it dissects them perfectly;
13.4;1;Bhuvneshwar to Henriques, 1 run short again, but closer to the stumps, Henriques cuts but gets a bottom edge onto the pitch;
13.3;W;Bhuvneshwar to Haddin, OUT short, wide and out. That deserved to go the boundary, but instead it ends in the wicketkeeper's gloves. Might have moved slightly off the seam, but it wasn't much. Haddin cuts at it, and gets a top edge to the keeper;Brad Haddin c ?Dhoni b Kumar 5 (5m 3b 1x4 0x6) SR: 166.66;
13.2;1;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, 1 run short of a length on off stump, cut away again, but this time third man comes around to collect;
13.1;2;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, 2 runs shortish, outside off stump, cut away to the square sweeper on the off side;
12.6;1;Kohli to Finch, 1 run length ball straightening on off stump, turned into the legside again and it's collected at wide long on;
12.6;2w;Kohli to Haddin, 2 wide short wide ball down the leg side, Dhoni can't collect;
12.5;1;Kohli to Finch, 1 run backs away and drives a full ball down the ground;
12.4;4;Kohli to Finch, FOUR runs Finch is playing some innings here, but that's poor bowling as well. Kohli strays a length ball onto the pads, Finch swivels, gets it past short fine leg and to the fence;
12.3;1;Kohli to Haddin, 1 run full and on the stumps, turned away into the legside outfield;
12.2;1;Kohli to Finch, 1 run closer into the stumps, that length ball is pulled away aerially towards deep mid wicket, where it drops well safe;
12.1;4;Kohli to Finch, FOUR runs what a shot. Finch makes room , and that's another boundary. Full and on the stumps, carved powerfully over cover for four;
11.6;4;Jadeja to Haddin, FOUR runs length ball outside off stump, sliding on. Haddin gets off the mark by opening the face and gliding it past slip;
11.5;1;Jadeja to Finch, 1 run pitched wider from Jadeja, Finch frees his arms and hits it to long off;
11.4;?;Jadeja to Finch, no run on the stumps and defended back to the bowler;
11.3;W;Jadeja to Maxwell, OUT he's gone now. Maxwell was aiming for yet another six, but Jadeja does him in the flight, and he mistimes this to Ishant Sharma at long on, who takes it just inside the rope, I think. Umpires check it and replays show that Sharma didn't touch the boundary. Good catch, and a decent ball from Jadeja. Took the bottom edge I think,;Glenn Maxwell c Sharma b Jadeja 27 (12m 13b 0x4 4x6) SR: 207.69;
11.2;?;Jadeja to Maxwell, no run makes room and tries to force it through the off side, but Jadeja yorks him and he can't do much with it;
11.1;?;Jadeja to Maxwell, no run a big shot on the off side from Maxwell, but Jadeja turns it away from the bat and he misses;
10.6;?;Kohli to Finch, no run on the stumps, driven into the infield;
10.5;1;Kohli to Maxwell, 1 run driven down the ground to long off;
10.4;6;Kohli to Maxwell, SIX runs it keeps raining sixes, and it's in that cow corner area again. Shortish on the stumps, and Maxwell slams that just over the deep midwicket boundary for another biggie;
10.3;?;Kohli to Maxwell, no run length on the stumps, pushed into the off side;
10.2;1;Kohli to Finch, 1 run fullish and on the stumps, driven hard wide of long on;
10.1;2;Kohli to Finch, 2 runs length ball on the stumps, batsman bludgeons that to long on. Oh and an overthrow gives an extra run.;
9.6;?;Ashwin to Maxwell, no run;
9.5;6;Ashwin to Maxwell, SIX runs worst ball of the over, and that's saying something. Thigh-high full toss on off stump, Maxwell eats this up. Launched over cow corner again;
9.4;?;Ashwin to Maxwell, no run a breather for Ashwin, flatter faster, pitching on a length, Maxwell can't get that beyond the bowler;
9.3;6;Ashwin to Maxwell, SIX runs straighter but the result is the same, slog swept powerfully over cow corner. This one's even bigger;
9.2;6;Ashwin to Maxwell, SIX runs over the wicket now, and the result is even worse. Fullish on off stump, Maxwell gets a hold of that and deposits it in the stand behind wide long on;
9.2;2w;Ashwin to Finch, 2 wide way wide down the leg side, not even Dhoni can collect;
9.1;4;Ashwin to Finch, FOUR runs and he's immediately punished. Goes well wide of leg stump from around the wicket, Finch helps it on its way past fine leg;
8.6;1;Jadeja to Finch, 1 run shorter this time, still wide. Cut away to the square sweeper again, on the off side;
8.5;1;Jadeja to Maxwell, 1 run wide and slightly short, Maxwell chops it in front of square to the sweeper on the off side;
8.4;1;Jadeja to Finch, 1 run full and flat outside off stump, driven aerially to long on;
8.3;?;Jadeja to Finch, no run backs away again, but Jadeja follows him and yorks him, preventing a big shot;
8.2;?;Jadeja to Finch, no run backs away slightly and tries to hit that one through the off side, but can't beat the field;
8.1;1;Jadeja to Maxwell, 1 run fullish on the stumps, straightening, turned into the leg side for a single;
7.6;2;Vinay to Finch, 2 runs fullish on the stumps, this is turned away into the leg side, and the batsmen take two;
7.5;W;Vinay to Bailey, OUT short ball on the stumps and Bailey doesn't last long. He pulls that one, but not very well. The mistimed stroke goes straight to the man at deep square leg. Second wicket of the over, and it could be a match-changing one for India;George Bailey c Jadeja b Vinay Kumar 0 (2m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
7.4;?;Vinay to Bailey, no run length ball on the stumps, defended to the off side;
7.3;?;Vinay to Bailey, no run that was fullish and down the legside as well, but it must have collected pad on the way through, no wide;
7.2;W;Vinay to Watson, OUT jagged back in sharply, off a length and it misses Watson's big off drive. Hits him on the back pad and he has to go. Very good ball;Shane Watson lbw b Vinay Kumar 6 (12m 5b 1x4 0x6) SR: 120;
7.2;1w;Vinay to Watson, 1 wide full and that will be a wide down the leg side;
7.1;1;Vinay to Finch, 1 run shortish and wide, cut away to the fielder but there's enough time for one;
6.6;1;Jadeja to Finch, 1 run full toss on the legs, driven along the ground to wide long on;
6.5;?;Jadeja to Finch, no run short, fast and wide, Finch makes room again and misses, temporarily losing his balance;
6.4;6;Jadeja to Finch, SIX runs shortish and wide, and Finch absolutely lays into this, backing away to loft it over deep cover for six;
6.3;?;Jadeja to Finch, no run short ball close into the stumps, Finch misses with a cut;
6.2;1;Jadeja to Watson, 1 run full but closer into the stumps, drives it to deep cover this time;
6.1;?;Jadeja to Watson, no run full and flighted, turning away from off stump, Watson has a swing but it turns away from the blade and he misses;
5.6;4;Sharma to Finch, FOUR runs slower ball, full toss outside off stump, driven nicely past a diving mid off for four;
5.5;1;Sharma to Watson, 1 run length ball on off stump, defended into the legside and there's time for a run;
5.4;1;Sharma to Finch, 1 run full and on the stumps, driven along the ground to long on;
5.3;?;Sharma to Finch, no run closer into the body, Finch chops down on it, no run;
5.2;4;Sharma to Finch, FOUR runs another boundary off a misfield, almost identical, but Ashwin is the culprit this time. Short, but not as wide as the last delivery, Finch plays it late and Ashwin can't collect at short third man. Slips through for four;
5.1;4;Sharma to Finch, FOUR runs short, wide and struck powerfully past a diving backward point to the boundary.;
4.6;4;Bhuvneshwar to Watson, FOUR runs misfield gives up a four. It was a wide length ball from Bhuvneshwar and Watson played it late. Ishant Sharma at short third man should have stopped it, but he only gets a hand to it and carries on to the boundary;
4.5;W;Bhuvneshwar to Maddinson, OUT gone! Bit of inexperience there you have to think. He was batting so well, playing decent shots, but he goes for an ungainly swipe across the line, and Kumar comes in from around the wicket to angle one in. Maddinson misses, Bhuvneshwar hits the top of off stump and sends the wicket flying. Promising first innings though.;Nic Maddinson b Kumar 34 (19m 16b 6x4 1x6) SR: 212.5;
4.4;4;Bhuvneshwar to Maddinson, FOUR runs and as soon as I say that, Nic Maddinson backs away and carves a full, wide delivery over backward point for another boundary;
4.3;1;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, 1 run fullish on off stump, driven to long on.;
4.2;1;Bhuvneshwar to Maddinson, 1 run length ball outside off stump, Maddinson comes down the pitch and slogs across the line, but he gets an under edge and it goes to deep midwicket;
4.1;1;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, 1 run legside again, full and on the pads, but Finch finds the fine-leg fielder with his flick;
4.1;1w;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, 1 wide full and way down the leg side;
3.6;1;Sharma to Finch, 1 run length ball on the stumps, Finch moves across and clips it into a gap on the legside;
3.5;1;Sharma to Maddinson, 1 run shorter and slightly outside off stump, turned away nicely to third man, who runs around to collect;
3.4;?;Sharma to Maddinson, no run bowls wide of the crease, length ball angled into the stumps, defended square on the off side and there's no run;
3.3;?;Sharma to Maddinson, no run length on the stumps, defended into the off side;
3.2;4;Sharma to Maddinson, FOUR runs India are rattled! This one is shorter, swivel pulls that neatly and powerfully past square leg for another four;
3.1;6;Sharma to Maddinson, SIX runs how good does this kid look? That wasn't even that short there, and he has sat back and pulled Ishant Sharma way into the stands. What a blow.;
2.6;4;Ashwin to Finch, FOUR runs mayhem early on here. Finch hasn't backed away this time, and Ashwin bowls it full and wide. Batsman gets low and carves it over cover-point and it almost gets to the fence on the full;
2.5;?;Ashwin to Finch, no run makes room again, but Ashwin goes closer to the batsman and he hits it straight to cover;
2.4;4;Ashwin to Finch, FOUR runs another back-away, but this time the ball is fuller and he hits this one through cover;
2.3;4;Ashwin to Finch, FOUR runs neither spin or seam working here. Finch backs away, gets far enough from the length ball and cuts it in the gap behind square for four;
2.2;1;Ashwin to Maddinson, 1 run length ball on the stumps, straightening, pushed into the infield and a comfortable single ensues;
2.1;4;Ashwin to Maddinson, FOUR runs no fear there. Maddinson charges Ashwin's first ball and lofts it over extra cover for a boundary;
1.6;?;Vinay to Finch, no run length ball on off stump, defended into the off side;
1.5;1;Vinay to Maddinson, 1 run length ball closer into the stumps, Maddinson pushes that into the infield and scampers through;
1.4;4;Vinay to Maddinson, FOUR runs fine start this. Opened the face on yet another fullish delivery. This one was wider, so it was carved behind square on the off side, aerially;
1.3;4;Vinay to Maddinson, FOUR runs but now Maddinson gets his second boundary. The full balls have disappeared so far and this is no different. Overpitched outside off stump, Maddinson gets the lofted off drive out and sends it to the long off fence;
1.2;?;Vinay to Maddinson, no run length ball angled across, a little bit of shape there, and Maddinson pokes and misses;
1.1;1;Vinay to Finch, 1 run;
0.6;4;Bhuvneshwar to Maddinson, FOUR runs first international runs for Maddinson, and that is a decent stroke. Full, pitching just on off stump. Maddinson gets a stride in and drives it straight back past the non-striker's stumps to collect the second four of the over;
0.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Maddinson, no run fullish ball well wide of Maddinson, who tries to cut but misses;
0.4;1;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, 1 run length on the stumps again, Finch pushes it to the now-vacant mid on and takes an easy single;
0.3;4;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, FOUR runs hint of swing, but that one is wide and full and Finch launches that one over mid on and there's no stopping that one;
0.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run slightly straighter this time, Finch pushes it to the on side, but there's no run;
0.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run first ball pitches on a length and is on the stumps, on target straight away. Defended by the batsman.;

Almost ready to kick off at Rajkot. The India team is in a huddle, the umpires stride out, Finch and debutant Maddinson are at the crease. Bhuvneshwar Kumar has the ball.
revanth: "can you give rough estimate % of messages on sachin??" Around 70%.
Dave's love for a promising cricketer overcomes regional prejudices: "About time for Maddinson. He has ridiculous talent. This is from a Victorian."
pavan: "Andrew how sad are you feeling knowing tht the great batsmen is playing vs wi rather than sa for his last test?" But at least he'll get the home farewell he deserves.
Heisenberg: "Good to see Johnson out of the team, he has been horrible for the Mumbai Indians."
The full teams are now updated above. Doherty, McKay, Coulter-Nile and Faulkner form a good T20 attack, but look at that Indian top order! Should be an interesting battle.
Lots of comments coming in about Sachin. You can follow our up-to-the minute coverage of our story, on our homepage, and if share your views on our live blog, here.
Reuben: "reallly wish rahane and perhaps even tambe could have got a chance in this match since its only a one off"
Nic Maddinson will debut for Australia, but Amit Mishra is not playing for India. Yuvraj Singh is in the team however. Full team info shortly.
India has won the toss and elected to bowl first, because the pitch has been under cover for some time and there might be something for the bowlers early on, says MS Dhoni.
Nishant Jain: "@Andrew I am surprised you guys are here to do the commentary for this match. How will you be able to focus on just the commentary today? How are you managing to not look at cricinfo's news feed?" It helps that all the news is being furiously processed by my colleagues sitting in earshot.
Mihir: "Slow news day??? Haven't you heard of Sachin's Retirement?? That's the biggest news of the year..." Clearly either my humour is being missed by many of our readers, or I'm not as funny as I think. Wouldn't be surprised if it's the latter.
While you wait for the captains to do their thing, have a read of Kanishkaa Balachandran's preview. India have not played a Twenty20 since last December, but Australia have lost 6 of their last 7 matches. There shouldn't be too much rust though, as most of these players have been at the Champions League over the last month.
Ketan: "Is there rain around?" Doesn't seem to be at the moment, but the forecast is not fantastic.
There's nothing much going on at Cricinfo towers today of course, so we're very grateful for this match on a slow news day.
Welcome to ESPNcricinfo's coverage of the first and final Twenty20 of Australia's limited-overs tour of India. Toss details and toss will arrive in 15 minutes or so.
 Innings Start
Dhoni put the finishing touches in the last over, but this was all about Yuvraj Singh. Comeback game, and he has shown what he's capable off, lifting the spirits of Indian fans (at least a bit) after this afternoon's big announcement.
Sriman: "I feel what happened today is a hint to the Aussies as to what they are up against !!"
PK: "And again, Dhoni happens to be the one hitting the winning runs!"
Rohit Raj: "Sachin announced his retirement & Yuvraj announced his comeback.. SHOW MUST GO ON, THATs CRICKET."
vijay: "Im sure Yuvi will dedicate this to the 'Master Blaster'"
Shikhar Dhawan: "We have a very strong batting line-up, we got a good start. We lost one or two wickets in between but Yuvraj and Dhoni brought it back. The ball come on nicely to the bat, and the dew made it come on even better. "
Jose: "Ashwin owes Yuvi a dinner. Yuvi had to do some extra work to offset the 41 run gift Ashwin gave the Oz batsmen!"
Sekar Rangasamy: "100/4 and 202/4 :) 102 partnership between these 2.well done MSD, he knew his game very well than anyone else in Aus's team :-)"
Anshul isn't worried with the big things: "Just noticed, 7 out of 11 Australian players have middle names starting with J.. Moreover, most of them have James as their middle-name.. Wow! Is this good enough for record-books?"
Karl Correa: "Wine day at work today. A very emotional day. Toasting to the finest player I have known during my time and celebrating Yuvraj's comeback. It's sad none of my American colleagues don't know about Sachin. Well their loss. It was hard to put into words who he was but somehow managed to get in some analogies that made sense to them."
Anand: "Has anybody seen anyone else except Dhoni get the winning runs for India in recent times?"
Prabhu: "@Jose: Actually, its Yuvi who owes Ashwin a dinner... If he had not given that many, we may not have seen the Yuvi Show."
Presentation ceremony coming up.
George Bailey: "You probably would take that (total), we were one wicket further down than we wanted. You score 200, if you are going to chase it down, today is the day. Yuvraj batted superbly. I was really happy with the start, leaving Xavier a bit late, he only bowled three overs."
Man of the Match is Yuvraj Singh: "Shed a few kilos, worked really hard in the off season, came with a fresher mind, batted in the A games. I need some really good games to come back to action, pretty good platform (talking about the A games). I'm very confident when Mahi is around, he is one guy who goes after the bowling. I just thought I would try and take the game to the end. always a pleasure and honour to be playing tin the Indian jersey."
MS Dhoni: "Yuvi batted really well, really good start which was important. We all knew australia would bowl well with the new ball, but once the ball got wet and the seam got well.. one of the best batting you can see in the shorter format. I think we've got quite a few big partnerships, I didn't get too many opportunities to bat with him over the past year. Thanks to Yuvi, who accepted the challenge of batting at No. 5, he completed his goal in the best possible manner. I think batsmen proved the point."
Thanks everyone for tuning in on what has been an emotional day for Indian cricket, with its biggest name announcing his retirement and one of its biggest limited-overs stars returning with a terrific innings. See you all in the first ODI, ta ta.
19.4;2;Watson to Dhoni, 2 runs full toss well outside off, through to sweeper cover, that will do, fireworks in Rajkot (literally) as India win with two balls to spare;
19.3;4;Watson to Dhoni, FOUR runs all those field changes doesn't matter, not to Dhoni in the final over, this man has tremendous power, it was a terrific delivery, nearly yorker length, outside off, Dhoni just powers that to the cover boundary for four;
19.2;?;Watson to Dhoni, no run Dhoni looks to finish the game with a big six over long-off, it was in the slot outside off, Dhoni doesn't connect though;
19.1;1;Watson to Yuvraj, 1 run starts with a short ball that is pulled away towards deep square leg for a single;
18.6;?;Faulkner to Dhoni, no run low full toss on off stump, worked towards point by Dhoni;
18.5;1;Faulkner to Yuvraj, 1 run full toss well outside off, Yuvraj leans across and jabs the ball behind point;
18.4;1;Faulkner to Dhoni, 1 run good delivery from Faulkner, full ball on middle, worked towards midwicket for a single;
18.3;1;Faulkner to Yuvraj, 1 run full and on the pads, clipped towards deep midwicket for one more;
18.2;4;Faulkner to Yuvraj, FOUR runs it's only boundaries from Yuvraj, this was a low full toss outside off, calmly steers it behind backward point for four more;
18.1;1;Faulkner to Dhoni, 1 run length ball on middle, Dhoni clips this towards square leg for one more, Dhoni happy to let yuvraj go slam-bang;
17.6;6;Coulter-Nile to Yuvraj, SIX runs six more, Yuvraj is walking this, this game is dead and buried, a full toss on the pads, nonchalantly put away over midwicket for another six;
17.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Dhoni, 1 run full toss, low and on middle stump, another single for Dhoni, who taps the ball towards long-off;
17.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Yuvraj, 1 run full ball just outside off, eased towards long-off for a single;
17.3;4;Coulter-Nile to Yuvraj, FOUR runs four more, a length ball well outside off, Yuvraj reaches out for that one and lofts it over cover, places it wide of sweeper cover as well, no stopping Yuvi;
17.3;1w;Coulter-Nile to Yuvraj, 1 wide full and wide, too wide according to the umpire, right call from the ump too;
17.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Yuvraj, no run length ball outside off, steered towards backward point, Dhoni screams 'No, no, no' as the batsmen think of a single;
17.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Dhoni, 1 run Dhoni's been mainly getting singles and twos but India still keeping up with the asking rate, showing up how well Yuvraj has done, this time Dhoni pushes a full ball outside off towards point for a single;
16.6;?;Faulkner to Yuvraj, no run much better this time from Faulkner, keeps it full and just outside off, squeezed to the off side by Yuvraj, dot ball;
16.6;5w;Faulkner to Yuvraj, 5 wide oh dear, in three balls this game might have got out of Australia's hands, this was a wild wide down the leg side, five free runs, Faulkner can't believe it;
16.5;6;Faulkner to Yuvraj, SIX runs six more, length ball angling in towards the pads, Yuvraj can't quite free his arms but still manages to get enough power as he swipes that over deep square leg for six more, 59 off 26 now, what a comeback this is from Yuvraj;
16.4;6;Faulkner to Yuvraj, SIX runs length ball on middle and off, sensational hit from Yuvraj Singh, a straight six, hardly seemed to be putting any effort in that, the ball sails towards the sightscreen and that's a 25-ball half-century for Yuvraj;
16.3;1;Faulkner to Dhoni, 1 run a low full toss on off stump, superb delivery that, pushed out towards long-off for a single;
16.2;1lb;Faulkner to Yuvraj, 1 leg bye pitched up and heading for the pads, Yuvraj looking to whip that to the leg side, he misses, hits the pads but that would have missed leg stump;
16.1;1;Faulkner to Dhoni, 1 run Faulkner starts the over with a full and wide delivery, Dhoni reaches out and sends that in front of point, Bailey does well at point to cut that off;
15.6;?;Doherty to Yuvraj, no run pushed back towards the bowler to end the over;
15.5;4;Doherty to Yuvraj, FOUR runs too short from Doherty, in this mood Yuvraj isn't going to miss out, fiercely puts that away to the wide long-on boundary for four, two fielders could only watch it race by;
15.4;1lb;Doherty to Dhoni, 1 leg bye fired in quick, on the pads, looking to work that to the leg side, can't connect, good over so far;
15.3;1;Doherty to Yuvraj, 1 run a cross-batted swipe towards long-on for a single, not the most aesthetic of strokes;
15.2;1;Doherty to Dhoni, 1 run single towards mid-on;
15.1;?;Doherty to Dhoni, no run both batsmen had close calls there, Dhoni nearly chipping a return catch to the bowler, who then fired the ball at the non-striker's stumps to try get Yuvraj run-out, he misses the stumps but the ball thuds into the umpire;
14.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Dhoni, 1 run nearly sneaked under the bat, that was full and outside off, Dhoni looked to jam that towards the off side, gets a single for his efforts;
14.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Yuvraj, 1 run length ball outside off, driven towards long-off for a single;
14.4;2;Coulter-Nile to Yuvraj, 2 runs low full toss just outside off, sends that towards sweeper cover for a couple;
14.3;4;Coulter-Nile to Yuvraj, FOUR runs slower one, full from Coulter-Nile, Yuvraj sees the mid-off is in the circle and launches this over him, another boundary for Yuvraj;
14.3;1w;Coulter-Nile to Yuvraj, 1 wide full and down the leg side, that is called a wide;
14.2;4;Coulter-Nile to Yuvraj, FOUR runs beautiful from Yuvraj, that was a length ball that is lofted effortlessly over extra cover, stylishly four from Yuvraj;
14.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Yuvraj, no run a high full toss outside off, lucky to get away with that one, Yuvraj can only slap that towards point;
13.6;?;McKay to Dhoni, no run pushes this to the off side to end the over, dot ball;
13.5;1;McKay to Yuvraj, 1 run on legstump again, worked towards fine leg for a single;
13.4;4;McKay to Yuvraj, FOUR runs on the pads, that is helped along towards fine leg for four, India staying in this chase;
13.3;6;McKay to Yuvraj, SIX runs that was almost perfect from Watson, what an outstanding effort after Yuvraj flicks a length ball towards the deep square leg boundary, Watson had to jump to get a hold of that at the rope, does well to catch, then he throws the ball up as he realises he is going to cross the rope, he comes back in to pouch the ball once more but his leg has just touched the rope as he takes it the second time;
13.2;6;McKay to Yuvraj, SIX runs a touch short, slower one from McKay, Yuvraj backs himself to clear the man in the deep and the midwicket rope, he does easily, that's six;
13.1;1;McKay to Dhoni, 1 run just outside off, dabbed towards third man for a single;
12.6;1;Watson to Dhoni, 1 run short of length again from Watson, Dhoni turns that towards square leg and charges through for the single, intending to come back for the second, even he isn't quick enough for that though, settles for one;
12.5;1;Watson to Yuvraj, 1 run short of length ball on legstump, Yuvraj swings it towards deep backward square leg, doesn't hit it as well as he wanted;
12.4;?;Watson to Yuvraj, no run keeps it on the shorter side, Yuvraj goes for the pull but once again he doesn't connect;
12.3;1;Watson to Dhoni, 1 run similar length, closer to off stump, poked towards cover for a single;
12.2;4;Watson to Dhoni, FOUR runs short of length ball outside off, immense power from Dhoni, absolutely rips that over extra cover off the back foot for four, flat-batted muscular hit;
12.1;2;Watson to Dhoni, 2 runs short of length ball on the pads, nudged towards deep backward square leg, Dhoni zips through for two;
11.6;?;McKay to Yuvraj, no run wild from Yuvraj, a slower one that doesn't rise much, Yuvraj's attempt to swipe that through the leg side meets nothing but air;
11.5;?;McKay to Yuvraj, no run fuller and angling into off stump, pushed out in front of point;
11.4;1;McKay to Dhoni, 1 run short of length ball on middle and off, clipped towards square leg for a single, Dhoni gets his first run;
11.3;1;McKay to Yuvraj, 1 run eases this behind point for a single, chants of 'Dhoni, Dhoni' around the ground;
11.2;4;McKay to Yuvraj, FOUR runs slower one from McKay, Yuvraj had to wait for that to arrive, was initially looking to power that through the off, instead changes to a cute dab past the dab, a bit of an edge but wide past the keeper;
11.1;W;McKay to Kohli, OUT McKay's uncanny ability to take wickets is on show again, this time he gets the big one of Kohli, who charged down the track to a short of length ball, looking to muscle that over wide long-on, caught just within the rope at wide long-on;Virat Kohli c Faulkner b McKay 29 (26m 22b 2x4 1x6) SR: 131.81;
10.6;1;Doherty to Kohli, 1 run nope, the final ball is clipped towards square leg for a single, India's 100 comes up, Doherty does well after that first-ball six;
10.5;?;Doherty to Kohli, no run fired this flat as usual, keeps it on off stump, another dot ball, big shot next?;
10.4;?;Doherty to Kohli, no run length ball spinning just a bit away towards off, pushed off the front foot;
10.3;?;Doherty to Kohli, no run short of length ball on off stump, chopped off the back foot towards cover, dot ball;
10.2;2;Doherty to Kohli, 2 runs worked in front of square leg for a couple, India move to 99;
10.1;6;Doherty to Kohli, SIX runs starts the over with a big hit, whacks that over long-off, connects superbly and that's taken beyond the boundary quite well by someone possibly from the India support staff;
9.6;4;Coulter-Nile to Yuvraj, FOUR runs full, on the stumps, and that's Yuvraj's first boundary. Picks that up effortlessly off his toes and sends it over midwicket and to the fence. All timing in that shot.;
9.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run length ball outside off stump, Kohli shuffles across and drops that into the big gap in the legside infield;
9.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, no run full and outside the stumps, driven right into the ground by Kohli. Cover cleans up;
9.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Yuvraj, 1 run length ball on middle stump, turned tidily around the corner by Yuvraj, considered two, but stayed with the one;
9.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run short of a length on off stump, Kohli runs it to third man;
9.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Yuvraj, 1 run short ball, chest-high, on off stump. Yuvraj climbs to defend that onto the pitch and they scamper through;
8.6;1;Doherty to Yuvraj, 1 run fullish outside off stump again, and straightening. Yuvi opens the face and gets it past the keeper;
8.5;1;Doherty to Kohli, 1 run full on the pads, Kohli just turns this away to deep midwicket;
8.4;1;Doherty to Yuvraj, 1 run fullish outside off stump, driven to long off;
8.3;W;Doherty to S Dhawan, OUT he's been coming down the wicket so often, maybe Doherty thought this would just be a matter of time. Dhawan bounds down the pitch again and Doherty pitches it short and wide again. If Dhawan had stayed on the crease, he could have cut this one away too. Maybe he thought Doherty would over-correct and bowl the full delivery. Either way, he's way out of his crease, and is stumped.;Shikhar Dhawan st ?Haddin b Doherty 32 (40m 19b 5x4 0x6) SR: 168.42;
8.2;4;Doherty to S Dhawan, FOUR runs pitched wide of off stump and straightening, but not enough. Dhawan rocks back and cuts that short ball in between point and short third man, all the way to the fence;
8.1;1;Doherty to Kohli, 1 run tosses it up and straightens it on off stump, the batsman drives to deep cover;
8.1;1w;Doherty to Kohli, 1 wide sends the first one wide down the leg side, good collection by the keeper;
7.6;4;Henriques to S Dhawan, FOUR runs short and wide, cut powerfully and the diving deep point fielder can't cut it off. Poor ball, and it was hit hard enough to beat a packed offside field.;
7.5;1;Henriques to Kohli, 1 run length ball on the stumps hit into the legside infield for a single;
7.4;4;Henriques to Kohli, FOUR runs backs away and plays that wonderfully late. Beats a diving short-third man, who dives in vain;
7.3;2;Henriques to Kohli, 2 runs shortish on off stump, pulled well in front of square again and the deep midwicket runs around to keep it to two;
7.2;?;Henriques to Kohli, no run length outside off stump,chopped into the pitch and there's no run;
7.1;4;Henriques to Kohli, FOUR runs good shot first up from Kohli, not much wrong with the ball. Batsman advances and hits the length ball on off stump powerfully back past the bowler and to the straight fence;
6.6;1;Faulkner to Kohli, 1 run full toss outside off stump, hit to long on for a single;
6.5;1;Faulkner to S Dhawan, 1 run slower ball again, fullish and on the stumps, knocked down into the legside infield where there is a run to be had;
6.4;1;Faulkner to Kohli, 1 run full ball on the stumps, driven down the ground to long on;
6.3;1;Faulkner to S Dhawan, 1 run slower ball, full and on middle, Dhawan's down the track again and driving that to deep cover;
6.2;1;Faulkner to Kohli, 1 run full and outside off stump, clipped away wristily to the man on the legside fence;
6.1;1;Faulkner to S Dhawan, 1 run length ball, wide of the stumps, Dhawan advances and cuts that to deep point;
5.6;2;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 2 runs shortish ball outside the off side, slower one I think, Kohli pulls that well in front of square and the leg side sweeper runs around to stop it;
5.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, no run shortish ball on the stumps, Kohli defends that to the leg side;
5.4;1;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, 1 run full toss on middle stump, clipped away to deep midwicket;
5.3;W;Coulter-Nile to Raina, OUT but the short ball does Raina in again. This one is much better directed, probably over off stump. Raina tries to pull, is late on it and it takes the top edge, going high. Watson at midwicket goes back a few metres and takes the catch over his shoulder.;Suresh Raina c Watson b Coulter-Nile 19 (17m 13b 2x4 1x6) SR: 146.15;
5.2;6;Coulter-Nile to Raina, SIX runs poor line and punished. Short ball on leg stump, Raina steps forward and pulls, and that goes over fine leg after having taken the top half of the bat.;
5.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Raina, no run length ball on the stumps, batsman backs away and opens the face on a drive, but it's straight to the fielder.;
4.6;1lb;Faulkner to Raina, 1 leg bye full on middle stump, clipped away to the on side;
4.5;1;Faulkner to S Dhawan, 1 run Dhawan's down the track again, and he drives that straight to extra cover, but they can still run one;
4.4;1lb;Faulkner to Raina, 1 leg bye this is straying well onto the pads, Raina probably should have got it to the fine leg fence, but misses with a big sweep, hit his pad and they run through;
4.3;1;Faulkner to S Dhawan, 1 run length ball outside off stump, driven through the gap in the offside infield to deep cover;
4.2;1;Faulkner to Raina, 1 run fullish and on the pads, turned away to the deep square leg;
4.1;?;Faulkner to Raina, no run full, just outside off stump. Raina goes for a big swing but misses;
3.6;?;McKay to S Dhawan, no run length ball on off stump, Dhawan gets it on the inside half of the bat and there's no run;
3.5;1;McKay to Raina, 1 run length ball outside off stump, opens the face and gets it towards third man;
3.4;4;McKay to Raina, FOUR runs length ball on middle stump, but that wristily carved away with remarkable power by Raina. He backed away, but he was still cramped for room by the ball angling in, somehow times it well enough to beat the cover fielder and run to the fence;
3.3;1;McKay to S Dhawan, 1 run length ball on the stumps, he's happy to drop that onto the leg side and take a quick single;
3.2;4;McKay to S Dhawan, FOUR runs that's struck even harder, and through the air this time. Comes down the pitch and turns a length ball into a full one. Opens his face on the drive and sends it above cover for cour,;
3.1;4;McKay to S Dhawan, FOUR runs length ball, quite wide and flayed through the offside by an advancing Dhawan. He shuffled forward and had enough room to free his arms, just beats the mid-on fielder to the fence;
2.6;4;Watson to Raina, FOUR runs strays on the legs again, and is punished once more. Raina gets low and flicks it in the air, behind square, well away from any fielders;
2.5;1;Watson to S Dhawan, 1 run length ball on the stumps, turned into the leg side and into a gap;
2.4;4;Watson to S Dhawan, FOUR runs off line that time, and Dhawan gets a glove on it to get it past a diving Haddin. Short ball, chest, high, but on the legside, and that's an easy boundary;
2.3;1;Watson to Raina, 1 run short of a length just outside off stump, driven down the ground on the up;
2.2;?;Watson to Raina, no run short ball wide of off stump, Raina plays at it but misses;
2.1;1;Watson to S Dhawan, 1 run short of a length ball, angled across. Dhawan cuts it aerially to third man, who takes it on the bounce;
1.6;2;McKay to Raina, 2 runs fullish outside off stump, Raina lifts that square over the off side and third man has some work to do. Cuts it off just inside the fence.;
1.5;W;McKay to Rohit Sharma, OUT he's struggled with that ball today, and Clint McKay's got caught behind. Fullish outside off stump and seaming away, Sharma aims a big off drive but only gets an outside edge and that's an easy take for Haddin. No Mumbai-esque heroics today.;Rohit Sharma c ?Haddin b McKay 8 (8m 8b 0x4 1x6) SR: 100;
1.4;1;McKay to S Dhawan, 1 run drops a few metres short of third man. That was full and slightly wide, Dhawan advances and gets under it, carving it high, but it lands safe;
1.3;2;McKay to S Dhawan, 2 runs that's on the pads as well, but Dhawan hit it much straighter than Sharma, lofting it over the infield to deep midwicket;
1.2;1;McKay to Rohit Sharma, 1 run shortish ball outside the off stump, cut away late to third man;
1.1;6;McKay to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs lovely pick-up shot, but that was a poor ball to start. Fullish delivery on leg stump, Sharma flicks that off his pads high over backward square leg for four;
0.6;?;Watson to S Dhawan, no run angled across, and ends up slightly wide. Dhawan cuts that good length ball straight to point;
0.5;1;Watson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run swinging away again, but this is wider and short of a length, Rohit opens the face and runs it to third man;
0.4;?;Watson to Rohit Sharma, no run swinging out to pitch on off stump and straightening, Sharma comes forward to defend;
0.4;1w;Watson to Rohit Sharma, 1 wide saw the swing and got a little overexcited. Angles this way too far down the leg side, and though there was some swing, that's a good-sized wide;
0.3;?;Watson to Rohit Sharma, no run lovely shape from Watson, but this one is too wide to cause any damage. Swinging in the air then seaming away from Sharma;
0.2;?;Watson to Rohit Sharma, no run seaming away on a length again, Rohit's prod can't connect;
0.1;?;Watson to Rohit Sharma, no run how did that miss the stumps? What a ball to start with. Angled in, pitching on off, and seaming away, Rohit Sharma had no idea about that one. Straight past him to the keeper;

Rohit Sharma and Shikhar Dhawan are in the middle, all set for the second innings
 Innings Start
Australia
India
Only T20I (N), Rajkot, Oct 10 2013, Australia tour of India
201/7
202/4
Player of the match is Yuvraj Singh, INDIA
India won by 6 wickets (with 2 balls remaining)
