Data
8:44pm Looks like Australia will start with spin. Ashton Agar has the ball and is positioning his long-off fielder.
Stuart: "NZ to knock these off in 18 overs, absolute walk in the park " Kieran: "It's easy to point the finger at KJ there for that last over. But his captain and coaching staff are hardly putting himself in a position to build confidence and succeed." Zahid Mahmood: "Finch proves today why he is the captain of Australia. Many discussion about his form before this series but how well he played. Always believe he is very good for National team. " Jake: "@Misal Jamieson far less than convincing. 1 wkt at 175 and economy of 11.66 - i would say he's been terrible " Praveen: "Confused situation for RCB fans! An ex-RCB opener belting the future high priced RCB bowler! " misal khan: "Cricket is a funny Game Jamieson 3 overs went for 23 and one over went for 26. so cruel game " Vivaan: "Kyle Jamieson hasnt been convincing in his short T20I career so far" Malli: "Why are Newzealand persisting with Jamieson to bowl 4 overs. They could plan in a way that he and Neesham bowls in the middle. Boult has been exceptional at death in the recent past." Trent: "gem innings this from the captain. leading from the front. I was stunned when people were criticising his strike rate earlier."
8:27pm Four sixes off the last over to finish! Fantastic end to the innings for Australia, and Finch in particular who had a real grind on his hands today. Has batted through the innings and it has paid off for Australia on a slightly sluggish surface where boundary scoring isn't easy. Especially against spin. 157 still a total that won't scare New Zealand, but it will be a bit too many in their estimate on what had been a very good bowling innings in the first 19 overs. We'll be back soon for the chase.
19.6;6;Jamieson to Finch, SIX runs sent far over midwicket! A slot ball again as he misses the yorker, front foot clear and a big heave to lift that over the boundary;
19.5;?;Jamieson to Finch, no run nails the yorker and beats him this time. Just outside off and under the swing;
19.4;6;Jamieson to Finch, SIX runs drilled over long-on! Jamieson getting it wrong. His legcutters worked well earlier, they seem to be out of the picture now. A third yorker that he's missed in a row. Front leg clear and a clean swing from Finch;
19.3;6;Jamieson to Finch, SIX runs crunched over extra cover this time! This wasn't a gift, this had to be manufactured and he's done superbly. It's not easy to do this on this pitch. Full outside off, opens the face and times it perfectly to go inside-out;
19.2;6;Jamieson to Finch, SIX runs lofted handsomely over extra cover. Six No. 100 for Finch in this format. Jamieson erred - a full toss at knee height just outside off and he simply lofts this with the full face offered;
19.1;2;Jamieson to Finch, 2 runs length ball wide outside off, reaches out and throws his arms out at it, ends up slicing it over point. Sweeper gets across to his left and cleans up;
18.6;1;Southee to Finch, 1 run low full toss at middle stump, backs away and can only drive this to long-off's left;
18.5;2;Southee to Finch, 2 runs full at leg stump, miscued slog, picked on the bounce to the right at long-on;
18.4;2;Southee to Finch, 2 runs full slower ball, looks for the slog, gets it to long-on with a couple of bounces and that brings up a laboured fifty for Australia's captain;
18.3;?;Southee to Finch, no run yorker tailing in at middle and leg. Looks to drill through the covers, gets an inside edge onto boot;
18.2;1;Southee to Jhye Richardson, 1 run short of a length on leg stump, nudged down to fine leg with the angle;
18.1;1;Southee to Finch, 1 run low full toss at leg stump, whipped off the shin to deep midwicket's right;
15.6;1;Southee to Finch, 1 run length and just outside off, steered to third man;
15.5;2;Southee to Finch, 2 runs full slower ball outside off, waits on that and drills it past the bowler. Not powerful enough to beat long-on's slide to the left;
15.4;1;Southee to Marsh, 1 run full on middle stump, shuffles and flicks to deep square;
15.3;4;Southee to Marsh, FOUR runs short and at the hips. Marsh has a big swing on that, a mistimed one, but it's well to short fine's left;
15.2;?;Southee to Marsh, no run short of a length and rapped on the body as he looks to glance with the angle;
15.1;1;Southee to Finch, 1 run short of a length and just outside off, steered to third man with an open face;
14.6;?;Santner to Marsh, no run full on off stump, defended on the front foot;
14.5;1;Santner to Finch, 1 run tight run-out call at the striker's end, sent upstairs. Short of a length and turning outside off, opens the face and runs it to short third man's left. His throw is slightly wide of the stumps and that margin allows Marsh to ground his bat safely;
14.4;?;Santner to Finch, no run short of a length on off stump, defended off the back foot;
14.3;?;Santner to Finch, no run leading edge drops safely into the off side. Full and turning from leg stump. Too soon on the flick;
14.2;1;Santner to Marsh, 1 run full and down leg side, flicked to short fine's left;
14.1;1;Santner to Finch, 1 run good length and into leg stump, dabbed to short fine off the back foot;
17.6;?;Boult to Jhye Richardson, no run offcutter at a length outisde off, beaten on the attempted dab through the off side;
17.5;1;Boult to Finch, 1 run full at off stump, aerial drive on the bounce to long-on;
17.4;4;Boult to Finch, FOUR runs full at middle stump, shuffles a long way to cut out the angle and flicks aerially to the square leg boundary;
17.3;1;Boult to Jhye Richardson, 1 run full and wide outside off, reaches out and drives to sweeper cover;
17.2;?;Boult to Jhye Richardson, no run short of a length outisde off, beaten on the late cut;
17.1;1;Boult to Finch, 1 run short of a length outside off, uses the angle to run that to third man;
16.6;2;Sodhi to Jhye Richardson, 2 runs short of a length at middle stump, onto the back foot and pulled firmly along the ground to long-on's right;
16.5;?;Sodhi to Jhye Richardson, no run good length and turning from middle stump. Looks to clip through midwicket, leading edge towards extra cover;
16.4;?;Sodhi to Jhye Richardson, no run good length and turning past the outside edge as he looks to defend on the front foot;
16.3;W;Sodhi to Marsh, OUT taken at short fine. Full, slow, dipping at middle stump. Mitch Marsh in a poor position for a sweep shot, not low enough and is almost reaching out by the end. A top edge lobs nicely for the fielder;Mitchell Marsh c Southee b Sodhi 6 (10m 6b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
16.2;1;Sodhi to Finch, 1 run dipping and full at middle stump, driven to long-on's left;
16.1;4;Sodhi to Finch, FOUR runs oh that's neatly done. Flat and a bit too full from Sodhi. Won't get it to turn from there and Finch is onto it with an open body for the inside-out drive to beat long-off;
13.6;W;Boult to Agar, OUT into the blockhole and out goes Agar! Boult too good for him. Full, quick and past his front toe to hit the stumps;Ashton Agar b Boult 0 (5m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
13.5;?;Boult to Agar, no run bouncer at a middle stump line, forces him to duck that;
13.5;1w;Boult to Agar, 1 wide full and down leg side, past the attempted whip;
13.4;?;Boult to Agar, no run short and down leg side, left alone;
13.3;1;Boult to Finch, 1 run full and just outside off, shuffles and drives to long-off's right;
13.2;?;Boult to Finch, no run short of a length and just outside off, chopped off the under-edge to point;
13.1;2;Boult to Finch, 2 runs short of a length outside off, thick outside edge fine of third man as he looks to steer that behind square;
12.6;W;Sodhi to Stoinis, OUT Williamson flies to his right to take a screamer! Short of a length and into the pitch again, making them create all the power. Stoinis has it, and he looks to lash another one aerially off the back foot as the ball turns. It's to KW's right but it's not getting past him as he gets parallel to the ground and gets two hands on it. Brilliant stuff;Marcus Stoinis c Williamson b Sodhi 19 (14m 13b 2x4 1x6) SR: 146.15;
12.5;4;Sodhi to Stoinis, FOUR runs hammered over extra over off the back foot. Short and turning away outside off. Waits on it this time and it sits up nicely for him;
12.4;?;Sodhi to Stoinis, no run short and turning away outside off, cut to extra cover;
12.3;1;Sodhi to Finch, 1 run;
12.2;2;Sodhi to Finch, 2 runs short of a length an turning a mile away from outside off. Miscues his pull shot as a result and there's the possibility of a second run to long-on's right as a result too. Would have run out at the non-striker's end. A rocket throw that was difficult for Williamson to grab at the stumps;
12.1;1;Sodhi to Stoinis, 1 run full and just outside off, reaches out and drives to long-off;

Agar is in ahead of Mitchell Marsh. They're probably looking for a left-right combo given how much control the spinners are finding on this surface.
 Innings Start
10:23pm And that is all from our live coverage of this game. See you for the decider on Sunday!
Finch: I think just hanging out in the end helped me out. I had visions of ending up 50 off 60 balls! I think I was trying to hit a bit too hard. We lost a couple of wickets along the way so had to take it deep. Good to get some out of the middle in the end.
I thought with ball we adapted really well, we learnt from the way NZ bowled. Pace off the ball was going to be important, the way Agar bowled in that powerplay was important. He's such a dynamic player (Maxi), he always wants to be in the action - he's a great player to balance out your side. We've been trying to be a bit more aggresive with the batting but when you lose wickets, it gets tougher, so we looked to take it deeper [today] and got some good momentum going into the bowling innings. We felt it was a competitive score and knew the powerplay would make or break the game. We knew had to be really really on in that powerplay.
Williamson: I thought the way the Australian side adjusted, the knock from Finchy to take them deep was crucial. At the same time it was a poor performance from us. We lacked intent and got behind the eight ball. But for us it's imporant to make the adjustment, we have three games on this surface. I think it surprised everybody but got to use that experience to adjust quickly, which the Australians did well today. It was a poor batting performance, certainly things to touch on and adapt. I think it was a very good total in the end, the guys did adapt reasonably quickly (with ball) but it's those big overs that give you the real competitive totals and we weren't able to get in those positions.
Aaron Finch is the Player of the Match.
10:15pm Another comprehensive defeat for the hosts then, two in a row and suddenly we are primed for a series decider. It was a tricky pitch to bat on and New Zealand didn't find a single phase in the innings where they'd figured out run-scoring. Australia built the pressure early on, took the pace off when they had to and snuck in extra spin overs from Maxwell too to completely bully New Zealand in chase. Once again, the hosts were left with no chance.
18.5;W;Kane Richardson to Jamieson, OUT taken at long-on! Australia have leveled the series at 2-2. It's a slower length ball outside off, it's in his swinging arc, but he's done by the change in pace and hits it high. Taken comfortably in the deep;Kyle Jamieson c Maxwell b KW Richardson 30 (25m 18b 5x4 0x6) SR: 166.66;
18.4;1;Kane Richardson to Boult, 1 run short and into leg stump, arches into the leg side and expertly gets a forehand slice out to long-on;
18.3;1;Kane Richardson to Jamieson, 1 run slower ball at a length on off stump, punched to long-on's right off the back foot;
18.2;4;Kane Richardson to Jamieson, FOUR runs whew, some power in that! Slower short ball outisde off, sits up and is absolutely spanked to deep midwicket's left;
18.2;1w;Kane Richardson to Jamieson, 1 wide full and down leg side, left alone;
18.1;?;Kane Richardson to Jamieson, no run nearly a freak run-out at the other end! Short of a length ball, pulled firmly back at the bowler who sticks out his right hand. It rolls tantalizingly towards the stumps a sBoult has to change direction and dive back into the crease. The ball misses, to his relief;
17.6;?;Jhye Richardson to Boult, no run short and just outside off, backs away for the cut and is beaten by the extra bounce;
17.5;?;Jhye Richardson to Boult, no run full outside off, clears the front foot and crunches this along the turf to mid-off;
17.4;1;Jhye Richardson to Jamieson, 1 run slower ball at a length outside off, mistimed slash to extra cover's right;
17.3;1;Jhye Richardson to Boult, 1 run slower ball at a length following him down leg. Backs away and gets a late cut off the under-edge to steal a run from Wade;
17.2;1;Jhye Richardson to Jamieson, 1 run length outside off, clears the front foot and drills to long-off;
17.1;4;Jhye Richardson to Jamieson, FOUR runs past short third man. Slower ball at a length, wide outside off. Slashes at it and gets a thick outside edge;
16.6;4;Zampa to Boult, FOUR runs oh beautiful. Classy stuff from a classy batsman. Full googly outside off, reaches out for it and just chips it over Zampa. Lovely wristwork;
16.6;1w;Zampa to Boult, 1 wide legbreak tossed up wide outside off, probably hoping Boult stepped out. He doesn't, lets it go;
16.5;?;Zampa to Boult, no run beaten on the slog. A full googly outside off, he is beaten on the inside edge;
16.4;1;Zampa to Jamieson, 1 run short and turning away outside off, pulled to deep midwicket on the bounce;
16.3;4;Zampa to Jamieson, FOUR runs creamed over the bowler! Length ball wide outside off, uses his reach to get right under that and nail this drive;
16.2;W;Zampa to Sodhi, OUT taken at extra cover. Length ball pushed wide outside off, steps out and can't reach that. Has a hack, ends up slicing a simple one for Finch;Ish Sodhi c Finch b Zampa 0 (3m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
16.1;1;Zampa to Jamieson, 1 run full on off stump, driven along the floor to long-off;

Harinath Ranjit: ""cLaSsY" batsman. None other than the inventor of the FBD (Flamingo Backfoot defence)"
 Innings Start
Australia
New Zealand
4th T20I (N), Wellington, Mar 5 2021, Australia tour of New Zealand
156/6
106
Player of the match is Aaron Finch, AUS
Australia won by 50 runs
