Data
7.28pm An entertaining innings, that, with both teams attacking all the way. Some out-of-the-box captaincy, but Aaron Finch knows this isn't a T20 World Cup game, and Australia were clearly trying a few things to start their season. the pitch seemed pretty flat at first, but there's a bit of grip if you're a spinner or bowl slower balls. England have a decent total, but will 162 be enough against a quality Australia line-up with plenty of experience? We'll find out very soon when Andrew Miller brings you the chase.
Corey: "England's tail is very long or very short entirely dependent on form. "
Vinod Rajpal: "5 of the last 6 completed T20Is in England have been won by the chasing team....Can Aus start with a WIN after the long gap of return in cricket !!"
GoanIndian: "As an Indian, it bothers me a great deal when all the English supporters complain about their tail. We go in with Bumrah, Chahal, Yadav and Shami for Sachin's sake!" -- Haha, I know exactly what you mean!
19.6;4;Cummins to Jordan, FOUR runs swatted away, lots of bottom hand once more, and Jordan takes England past 160. Back-of-a-length offcutter nipping in towards leg stump, and Jordan spotted it early and was into his pull quickly, met it well in front of his body and picked out the gap between deep midwicket and deep backward square leg;
19.5;2;Cummins to Jordan, 2 runs low full-toss on leg stump, whipped down the ground to the left of long-on. Another from Jordan's eye-catching bottom-handed array of strokes;
19.4;2;Cummins to Jordan, 2 runs short outside off, pulled to the right of deep midwicket, lots of bottom hand, almost a tennis smash;
19.3;1b;Cummins to Rashid, 1 bye now Rashid looks to step across and target fine leg, and Cummins spots the movement and bowls the shortish slower ball wide of off. Another swish and miss, just like the previous over, but this time they sneak a bye with Jordan starting nice and early;
19.2;?;Cummins to Rashid, no run another wide yorker, and Rashid can't put bat to it. Seriously quick delivery, juuust inside the tramline;
19.1;1;Cummins to Jordan, 1 run wide yorker, sliced down to third man;
18.6;?;Kane Richardson to Rashid, no run slower ball again. Rashid sees fine leg in the circle and looks to step across to swipe or scoop it in that direction. Richardson keeps it wide outside off, outside his body, and slows it down so he has no pace to work wit. Swishes at it and misses;
18.5;1;Kane Richardson to Jordan, 1 run middle-stump yorker, stays leg-side of it and squeezes it towards backward point;
18.4;2;Kane Richardson to Jordan, 2 runs back of a length, not far outside off, gets his bottom hand into this forcing back-foot shot to place it to the right of deep point;
18.3;1;Kane Richardson to Rashid, 1 run back of a length on off stump. Stays leg side of the ball and dabs it gently into the off side, square;
18.2;1;Kane Richardson to Jordan, 1 run back of a length outside off, dabbed to third man;
18.1;W;Kane Richardson to Malan, OUT gone. Slower ball slanting away from off stump, quite short, and Malan goes in the pursuit of more quick runs. Flat-bats it pretty well, but he's looking to miss long-off running to his right, not to hit it into his hands. Excellent innings from the No. 3;Dawid Malan c Smith b Richardson 66 (59m 43b 5x4 3x6) SR: 153.48;
17.6;1;Zampa to Malan, 1 run fuller now to deny the elevation, on off stump. Driven on the bounce to long-off;
17.5;6;Zampa to Malan, SIX runs shot! Malan makes a bit of room again, and ends up having all the room in the world to free his arms as Zampa delivers a googly spinning away from off stump. Hits cleanly over the wide long-off boundary;
17.4;6;Zampa to Malan, SIX runs bang. Not the worst ball, quickish length ball on leg stump, and Malan opens up at the hips as he stretches forward for the slog-sweep, and he hits it hard and square and all the way over the square leg boundary;
17.4;5w;Zampa to Malan, 5 wide Malan's been trying to make room to hit through the off side all through this over, and now he goes the other way, stepping across and exposing leg stump. Zampa looks to hit leg stump with a quick legbreak, but he gets his line wrong and beats everyone down the leg side as Malan misses the sweep;
17.3;2;Zampa to Malan, 2 runs wrong'un on a length, spinning away from off stump, flat-batted to the left of sweeper cover;
17.2;1;Zampa to Jordan, 1 run wrong'un, turning in towards leg stump. Stays back and tucks it into the square leg region;
17.1;1;Zampa to Malan, 1 run shortish on off stump, makes room and slaps to deep point;
16.6;1;Kane Richardson to Malan, 1 run short, slanting across to off stump, pulled to deep square leg to bring up his fifty. He's looked really good after a slowish start;
16.5;W;Kane Richardson to Tom Curran, OUT short, wide, another slower ball, I think, and Curran waits and slaps it hard but can't control it because it gets up higher than he estimates, and he ends up hitting it straight to deep cover point;Tom Curran c Agar b Richardson 6 (13m 10b 0x4 0x6) SR: 60;
16.4;?;Kane Richardson to Tom Curran, no run slower ball, just back of a length, on middle and off. Curran sees third man in the circle and goes for the reverse-scoop, but can't connect at a ball that's dying even as it reaches him;
16.3;1;Kane Richardson to Malan, 1 run shortish on leg stump, pulled to deep square leg;
16.2;1;Kane Richardson to Tom Curran, 1 run shortish again, a bit of width this time but it stops on the pitch. Flat-batted hard and Warner makes a good stop diving to his left at mid-off;
16.1;?;Kane Richardson to Tom Curran, no run short, angling into off stump and denying Curran the room he's trying to create. Looks to slash it away and ends up inside-edging it past his off stump;
15.6;1;Maxwell to Tom Curran, 1 run back of a length, straightens towards middle and leg. Opens up at the hip and swats it down to long-on;
15.5;1;Maxwell to Malan, 1 run back of a length on off stump, makes room and slaps towards deep point;
15.4;1;Maxwell to Tom Curran, 1 run length ball straightening towards middle stump, and he makes room and steps deep into his crease for a chop down to long-off. There's an appeal for hit-wicket, and they're checking to see if it was the batsman or the keeper who disturbed the wicket. Clearly the keeper's gloves - Curran wasn't even as deep in his crease as I thought;
15.3;?;Maxwell to Tom Curran, no run down the track, not quite to the pitch of this leg-stump ball, clips to midwicket;
15.2;1;Maxwell to Malan, 1 run flat. fired into the pads, clipped to the right of short fine leg;
15.1;1;Maxwell to Tom Curran, 1 run flat length ball on middle and leg, driven to long-on;
14.6;1;Agar to Tom Curran, 1 run full on off stump, makes a bit of room and hammers a flat-bat drive to deep point;
14.5;1;Agar to Malan, 1 run full, angling away from off stump, driven to long-off;
14.4;1;Agar to Tom Curran, 1 run full on middle stump, clipped to the right of straight midwicket;
14.3;1;Agar to Malan, 1 run flat length ball slanting away from off stump. Steps across and works it square on the leg side. Hurried onto him a little;
14.2;4;Agar to Malan, FOUR runs flat, back of a length, sliding on with the angle towards off stump. Makes a bit of room and chops it away between short third man and backward point;
14.1;?;Agar to Malan, no run flat, wide length ball slanting away from the left-hander. Reaches out for the flat-bat drive, slices to short third man;
13.6;1;Maxwell to Malan, 1 run back of a length, straightening away from off stump, whipped to long-on;
13.5;W;Maxwell to Ali, OUT another for Maxwell! Again that little bit of in-drift, plus a misjudgment of length. Goes for the reverse-sweep off one that's probably a little short for it. And the drift ensures it pitches closer to leg-stump than Moeen expected. Ends up top-edging and offering a dolly to short third man;Moeen Ali c Zampa b Maxwell 2 (8m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
13.4;1;Maxwell to Malan, 1 run flat length ball angling into the stumps, tucked away through midwicket;
13.3;1;Maxwell to Ali, 1 run shorter, stops on Moeen slightly and he pulls to deep midwicket;
13.2;?;Maxwell to Ali, no run down the track, doesn't quite reach the pitch to drive inside-out. Slides on and he plays it back to the bowler off the inside half of the bat;
13.1;?;Maxwell to Ali, no run flat, angling into off stump and spinning away sharply, Moeen seems surprised by it as he jabs into the point region;
12.6;4;Zampa to Malan, FOUR runs drops short now, and Malan's footwork is quick and precise, pulls from an off-stump line and beats deep midwicket sliding to his right;
12.5;1;Zampa to Ali, 1 run tossed up slower, another wrong'un. Gets forward and opens his bat face to steer into the point region;
12.4;1;Zampa to Malan, 1 run length ball, stays leg side of the ball and punches to the sweeper;
12.3;1b;Zampa to Ali, 1 bye wrong'un, and is that a drop? Nope. Quickish but still loopy, not quite driving length. Looks to push into the covers and it rips past his outside edge. No edge there, keeper doesn't catch cleanly;
12.2;1;Zampa to Malan, 1 run full on middle and leg, clipped to long-on;
12.1;6;Zampa to Malan, SIX runs shot. Flat length ball slanting across and straightening towards off stump. Gets down quickly and hoicks a sweep to the square leg boundary;
11.6;1;Maxwell to Malan, 1 run quickish, a bit of in-drift before it straightens towards a middle-stump line. Driven towards long-off;
11.5;W;Maxwell to Morgan, OUT down the track, and that's a terrific catch from Smith! Floats it in towards middle and leg, and another batsman has lost his shape in the effort to hit inside-out. First it was Banton, now it's Morgan. May have stopped on the pitch a little, or maybe he just didn't get to the pitch of it. Ends up slicing high, back over the bowler's head more or less, and long-on takes it very well with a full-tilt sprint to his right;Eoin Morgan c Smith b Maxwell 5 (9m 3b 1x4 0x6) SR: 166.66;
11.4;1;Maxwell to Malan, 1 run back of a length, sliding on with the angle past leg stump. Malan makes a lot of room and slaps to deep point;
11.3;2;Maxwell to Malan, 2 runs similar delivery, steps out and works it through square leg;
11.2;?;Maxwell to Malan, no run flat length ball straightening slightly towards middle stump. Defended into the covers;
11.1;2;Maxwell to Malan, 2 runs tossed up on leg stump, doesn't want to give him room. Steps down and away from the line to drive inside-out to the left of sweeper cover;
10.6;1;Starc to Malan, 1 run back of a length, angling into off stump, worked away to deep midwicket;
10.5;?;Starc to Malan, no run fullish outside off, driven to extra-cover;
10.4;1;Starc to Morgan, 1 run short now, outside off, and Morgan doesn't control his pull! It hurries onto him, getting up towards his left shoulder, and he has no room for his arms. Ends up hitting it up in the air off the top edge, but falls safely between the backtracking midwicket fielder and the man at deep backward square leg;
10.3;4;Starc to Morgan, FOUR runs the field was set for the short ball, but he goes full first up, and outside off. It's a half-volley, and Morgan drives crisply to the right of the diving extra-cover fielder;
10.2;1;Starc to Malan, 1 run full, a bit of inward shape towards middle and leg, maybe? Clipped to deep square leg;
10.1;4;Starc to Malan, FOUR runs shot! Full outside off, and Malan extends his arms fully through the drive, opening his bat face to slice that over cover point;
9.6;1;Agar to Malan, 1 run a bit of air on this, clipped past midwicket;
9.5;W;Agar to Banton, OUT down the track, and Agar gets another! Loses his shape a little while trying to loft inside-out over the covers. Makes a bit too much room with his front leg, and ends up slicing the ball off the outside half of the bat. Finch takes a good catch running to his right at cover, calling well and avoiding a collision with short extra-cover;Tom Banton c Finch b Agar 8 (7m 10b 1x4 0x6) SR: 80;
9.4;1;Agar to Malan, 1 run length ball on middle and off, swept in the air but on the bounce to deep backward square leg;
9.3;1;Agar to Banton, 1 run shortish outside off, Banton may have gotten too close to the line with his back-and-across movement. Cuts, can't beat short third man moving quickly to his right and diving;
9.2;1;Agar to Malan, 1 run fired across to off stump, quite full, driven to sweeper cover;
9.1;1;Agar to Banton, 1 run looks to step out and gets a flat, slightly shortened delivery on off stump. Stretches out and dabs into the covers;
8.6;1;Zampa to Banton, 1 run length ball on off stump, driven to long-off;
8.5;?;Zampa to Banton, no run flat and fairly full on leg stump. Perhaps too full to sweep safely, drags it to short fine leg off the inside half of the bat;
8.4;?;Zampa to Banton, no run down the track now and he floats it wider, driven to extra-cover;
8.3;?;Zampa to Banton, no run straighter line now, reads that Banton's looking to go off side. Clipped towards the on side;
8.2;?;Zampa to Banton, no run quicker still, looks like the legbreak that doesn't turn. Skids on as Banton looks to cut, beats his inside edge and narrowly misses off stump;
8.1;4;Zampa to Banton, FOUR runs Shot. He's just come to the crease, and he's immediately picking his spots. Flat length ball on off stump, and he quickly moves into position for a fast-hands reverse-sweep over backward point;
7.6;1;Agar to Banton, 1 run full outside off, driven to long-off;
7.5;W;Agar to Buttler, OUT gone. Agar ends Buttler's fluent knock. Shortish, outside off, telling Buttler he's free to take the single to the fielder or fetch the pull from outside off stump. Takes on the pull, and hits it straight down deep midwicket's throat;Jos Buttler c Cummins b Agar 44 (35m 29b 5x4 2x6) SR: 151.72;
7.4;?;Agar to Buttler, no run back of a length, sliding on with the angle and cramping Buttler for room. Jabbed into the covers;
7.3;1;Agar to Malan, 1 run Malan looks to step out and Agar fires a flat one across towards off stump. Punched to long-on;
7.2;1;Agar to Buttler, 1 run a bit wider, similar length, slapped to sweeper cover;
7.1;?;Agar to Buttler, no run flat, off-stumpisn, stays back and chops into the covers;
6.6;?;Zampa to Malan, no run tossed up outside off, driven to extra-cover;
6.5;4;Zampa to Malan, FOUR runs tossed up on leg stump, and Malan is on his way with a good-looking boundary. Steps leg-side and drives inside-out to beat cover to his right and deep point - who's very square - to his left;
6.4;1;Zampa to Buttler, 1 run sees Buttler stepping out and bowls a flat googly spinning into his legs. Clipped down to long-on;
6.3;1;Zampa to Malan, 1 run wrong'un spinning towards the top of off stump. Stays leg-side of the ball and slaps it away to deep point;
6.2;?;Zampa to Malan, no run quickish on middle and off, gets forward to defend towards midwicket;
6.1;1;Zampa to Buttler, 1 run quickish and full, angling into leg stump. Clipped down to long-on;
5.6;1;Cummins to Buttler, 1 run length ball, goes wider of the crease and angles it in towards off stump. Stays back and pushes into the covers;
5.5;?;Cummins to Buttler, no run back of a length, straightens a little towards off stump. Uses his wrists on top of the bounce to play that back towards the bowler. A defensive straight flick;
5.4;1;Cummins to Malan, 1 run fullish, slanting away from off stump. Goes for the cover drive, leaning back a bit, and gets a thick edge down to third man;
5.3;1;Cummins to Buttler, 1 run this time Buttler went the other way, stepping back and across so his hips are open and his back foot is on off stump. Cummins hits the pitch hard and angles the ball into Buttler's hip, and he's forced to tuck it quietly into the leg side. This is very good defensive bowling;
5.2;4;Cummins to Buttler, FOUR runs this time Buttler steps away, creates room, and gets a slightly short-of-length ball on off stump. Flat-batted crisply to the left of mid-off;
5.1;?;Cummins to Buttler, no run back of a length on middle stump. Knew Buttler was trying to make room, and made sure to deny it. Defended towards point;
4.6;?;Kane Richardson to Malan, no run fullish on off stump, driven to mid-off;
4.5;?;Kane Richardson to Malan, no run back of a length, slanting across the left-hander, defended into the covers;
4.4;?;Kane Richardson to Malan, no run back of a length, angling across to off stump, defended towards midwicket;
4.3;?;Kane Richardson to Malan, no run back of a length, at the hip once more, tucked to short fine leg;
4.2;4;Kane Richardson to Malan, FOUR runs shot. Not a long-hop, and it was close to hip height on off stump, and he uses his wrists to whip it to the right of short fine leg;
4.1;1;Kane Richardson to Buttler, 1 run length ball on middle stump, tucked into the backward square leg region;
3.6;W;Cummins to Bairstow, OUT gone! Extra bounce, and the interesting field works! Jumped towards the shoulder of Bairstow's bat as he tried to defend this short-of-a-length ball. Great line, offering no room at all, and the edge pops up to that man at the gully-ish short third man position;Jonny Bairstow c Starc b Cummins 8 (20m 7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 114.28;
3.5;2;Cummins to Bairstow, 2 runs back of a length close to off stump, dabbed down to deep backward point;
3.4;1;Cummins to Buttler, 1 run sees Buttler sashaying away from leg stump to make even more room for himself, and fires in a blockhole ball at his feet. Stabs it towards backward point and they go for the quick single. The throw from the backward point fielder misses the stumps at the keeper's end, but made Bairstow stretch;
3.3;?;Cummins to Buttler, no run back of a length close to off stump, chopped towards point;
3.2;4;Cummins to Buttler, FOUR runs this man is in magic form today. Full, angling into off stump, and again there's no real footwork from Buttler. Just stands there, punches through the line, and sends it flying to the left of mid-off;
3.1;1;Cummins to Bairstow, 1 run back of a length on off stump, angling in and cramping Bairstow for room. Was probably shaping to punch through the covers, ends up adjusting and tucking it into the square leg region instead;
2.6;4;Starc to Buttler, FOUR runs full on off stump, stays leg-side of the ball again and that's a brilliant shot. Uses his hands to manipulate his bat face so he can place it to the left of the diving Maxwell at backward point, and times it well enough to leave third man no chance of running to his right and cutting it off;
2.5;?;Starc to Buttler, no run follows up with a slightly ugly-looking hoick. May have looked good had he connected. Slightly pace off, I think, just short of a length in the corridor outside off, and Buttler aims to hit over mid-on and fails to connect;
2.4;4;Starc to Buttler, FOUR runs back of a length on off stump, and that's a beautiful shot. Doesn't get across at all, and he uses that lack of footwork to make himself room for a vertical-bat push that screams away between cover point and extra-cover;
2.3;2;Starc to Buttler, 2 runs back of a length on off stump, stays leg side of the ball and opens his bat face to dab to third man;
2.2;1;Starc to Bairstow, 1 run back of a length, slanting across to off stump. Opens up at the hip and pulls it towards midwicket. Hits it really hard and the fielder fumbles it to allow the single;
2.1;?;Starc to Bairstow, no run bit of a muted appeal for lbw as Bairstow misses a flick. Pitched slightly outside leg, you'd think;
1.6;6;Agar to Buttler, SIX runs tossed up a little fuller, around off stump or so, and there's no margin for error for the spinner on this surface. Definitely not in the Powerplay. Clears his front leg and hoicks that waaaay over the wide long-on boundary. Lovely full extension of the arms;
1.5;?;Agar to Buttler, no run length ball slanting in towards off stump and sliding on with the angle. Stays leg side of the ball and carves to that man at cover point once more. Stoinis the fielder;
1.4;?;Agar to Buttler, no run shortish on off stump, slapped to the fielder at cover point;
1.3;4;Agar to Buttler, FOUR runs predictable response, drops slightly short with a flatter one outside off. No real turn, and Buttler rocks back, opens up at the hips, and swats it over the wide mid-on region. Both mid-on and midwicket are in the circle;
1.2;6;Agar to Buttler, SIX runs down the track as Agar gives this a bit more air, and Buttler gets to the pitch of it, skips sllghtly leg side to free his arms, and launches it high and straight back over the bowler;
1.1;?;Agar to Buttler, no run low full-toss fired in towards off stump, driven firmly to short extra-cover;
0.6;4;Starc to Bairstow, FOUR runs full again, a little wider, and Bairstow opens his bat face slightly to drive to the left of extra-cover and bring up the first boundary of the day;
0.5;?;Starc to Bairstow, no run nicely bowled. 90mph, but the ball seems to nip away like a cutter and it loses a lot of pace off the pitch and doesn't carry to the keeper. Fullish, slanting away from off. Bairstow looks to drive through mid-off and the away movement beats his outside edge;
0.4;1;Starc to Buttler, 1 run full and wide now, Buttler throws his arms out to be able to meet that and steer to third man, who's stationed quite wide, with this line probably in mind;
0.3;2;Starc to Buttler, 2 runs length ball on leg stump, clipped to the right of midwicket. Was in the air but well away from the fielder. Deep square leg mops up;
0.2;?;Starc to Buttler, no run full-toss on off stump, about stump high, punched to mid-off;
0.1;?;Starc to Buttler, no run wide-ish line once more, but within permissible limits, and right up in the blockhole. Looks to squeeze it away through point but can't put bat to ball;
0.1;1w;Starc to Buttler, 1 wide wide length ball to start, outside off, left alone and it's called wide;

5.59pm Alrighty then, here we go. Jonny Bairstow and Jos Buttler will open for England. Not a bad pair to call up when one of your first-choice openers is out with a side strain. Mitchell Starc has the new ball, he'll bowl from left-arm over with a slip in place. Fine leg's in the circle.
5.55pm Hello, hello. I've forgotten what some of these Australia players look like, so kindly forgive me if I mix them up from time to time. That Steve Maxwell's quite a player, eh?
5.52pm So, just over five minutes until the start. Karthik Krishnaswamy is itching to get stuck in for the first innings.
5.48pm Cheema: "I think this full strength Aussie team is better than the English side specially with their pacers and having Tom Curran at 7 is a bit high. Missing Ben Stokes here. " Indeed. Without Stokes to balance the team, it's all a bit of a juggle for England.
Sushrut Dhakal : "Hey Andrew, have you not been receiving commentary feedback from any other country?" Nope!
Bhaskar Gyawali: "Big breaking, Leo Messi will stay at Camp Nou. " Go on then, give our football brethren some traffic... they are most miffed at having their Friday evenings wrecked!
Sital K: "I have a dream said by Martin Luther King applies to all of us Nepalis as well that one day Nepal will tour England and play 3 test, 5 ODIs and 3 T20s series. Though that tour will be in England, the real festival will be in Nepal for sure. #Keepbelieving "
Gaurav: "Watching AusVSEng being from USA. Originally from Nepal and a fan of Australia."
5.41pm Right, here's some required reading before we get properly underway. Eoin Morgan has reiterated that Joe Root remains in England's plans despite his T20 omission. He's racking up the game-time for Yorkshire at the moment.
Vinod Rajpal: "Australia playing after almost 175 days ...hope they don't chase this big target tonight...what say Mr.Miller ?" We shall have to wait and see!
Rhys: "Why have they allowed Root and Willey to play in the Blast but not Sam Curran!? England's anti-Surrey bias again?" I suppose it has something to do with needing some players within the team bubble. Just a hunch ...
Rojan Shrestha: "Thanks to ECB from Himalayan country Nepal for bringing back cricket. It feel great to watch cricket with West Indies, Pakistan and now Australia." You are very welcome! Hope you get your Test status soon!
sital: "Its 10:20pm in Nepal, usually i sleep at this time, but today I am wide awake for this match and euro 2020 qualifiers late in the night. I don't think I will be able to sleep or even blink my eyes tonight. Love from rainy Nepal! Cheers..."
5.30pm Australia win toss and ... bowl
"Looks like a really good wicket, nice wicket to chase on," says Aaron Finch. "We've had a few good intense hit-outs, looking forward to getting into it. The guys have done the basics well, it's about putting out your best XI as often as possible." Australia's last match was March 13. Gosh
Eoin Morgan plays four quicks and Moeen Ali. Dawid Malan in at 3, Banton at 4, and Morgan at 5. Interesting. Looks like Sam Billings has been squeezed out.
"We have a lot of strength in depth in the top three position which is a great headache to have. A lot of positives to take [from Pakistan series]. Nothing replicates actual game-time."
So, confirmation of those teams. Marcus Stoinis is in for Australia, while England have banked on a full battery of bowlers and just one allrounder. I guess when you are trying to give players a chance to prove their worth, it's difficult to pick batsmen specifically in the middle order. Lewis Gregory and Billings have struggled for time in the middle of late.
England 1 Jonny Bairstow, 2 Jos Buttler (wk), 3 Dawid Malan, 4 Tom Banton, 5 Eoin Morgan (capt), 6 Moeen Ali, 7 Tom Curran, 8 Chris Jordan, 9 Jofra Archer, 10 Adil Rashid, 11 Mark Wood
Australia 1 Aaron Finch (capt), 2 David Warner, 3 Steven Smith, 4 Glenn Maxwell, 5 Marcus Stoinis, 6 Alex Carey (wk), 7 Ashton Agar, 8 Pat Cummins, 9 Mitchell Starc, 10 Kane Richardson, 11 Adam Zampa
5.29pm Word has truly got out and about on the streets of Kathmandu tonight. here's Dr Prajwal : "This match will surely won't allow me to blink my eyes. Best of luck 3Lions and Kangaroos. Love from Nepal"
Rahul Sargam: "Look forward to seeing the best opening pairs it's gonna be (Bairstow-Buttler) vs (Finchy-Warner) the most entertaining pairs. Ecstatic to see Maxwell after a long long time. Can't wait for match to be begun. Counting every second. "
5.27pm We're almost set for the toss. Will bring you the teams as soon as we get them.
Some deep-dive analysis from Tahir Syed: "ECB's policy is clear as they are not only rotating the talented players from the bench strength rather they are deploying a 'horses for courses' approach as well. This is pretty much evident from team selection for the recent series. They are really creative as retaining Moeen Ali bore immediate fruit as he emulated Morgan for a stiff 190 chase against Pak. This will keep the bench strength motivated to keep performing well in the domestic circuit and target a particular opposition in English colors."
Bruce : "Interesting to note in Heavy Roller's list that a certain David Willey is marginally ahead of Jordan in all 3 of Average/Economy/Strike rate; just sayin' . . . oh, and he's a pretty handy batsman as well :|" Indeed. I truly do not know what he's done wrong ...
5.17pm Here's Matt with the binoculars at the ready: "Chris Jordan getting presented with a cap for his 50th T20I appearance." So that clears up the identity of one of England's seamers at least. Tom Curran and Mark Wood may be gearing up for an arm-wrestle as we speak...
"Good chance to go ahead of, err, Stuart Broad at the top of England's all-time wicket-takers list in this series," adds Matthew 'Heavy' Roller. That's one hell of a rogue's gallery. Good luck naming England's top ten!
Kiran Timalsena: "It seems like Every cricket fan of Nepal are having like festive mood on. I am in the list too." Hell yeah! I'm in too, why not!
5.12pm If Fantasy Cricket is your bag, you'll need to read this and get your selections in pronto. I prefer the real thing personally, so here's something I wrote to whet the appetite for this late-season Aussie incoming...
We are officially Big in Nepal tonight. Welcome aboard! Here's Dr Bikash Poude: "Can't wait to see the match .After long gap two big teams are here to entertain ...Best of luck for both the teams ...love from Nepal"
... and here's Hemant Nepal: "Nepal locked down due to covid 19. Watching Maxi back again will remove all my worries for corona. TGIF with EngVsAus from Himalayan country"
5.10pm Twenty minutes until the toss. Here's some more news, not quite as sad but poignant all the same. Graham Onions has been forced to retire after picking up a back injury. An Ashes winner in 2009, and the tail-end hero of Cape Town and Centurion that same winter. He'd have played a lot more but for the ubiquity of James Anderson, but he's hardly alone in saying that...
5.06pm Bruce: "Stay dry? That's not what the radar is showing - rain by 10.00pm if not earlier so could well be a DLS result - unless a complete thrashing by one side without using all overs just beats the rain!" Ssh... don't ruin the illusion. Should be plenty time fo get a game in ...

5pm Some early news from the England camp. They will wear black armbands this evening in memory of former Northants and England cricketer David Capel who sadly passed away earlier this week. A huge loss to the sport, he was a titan at Northants (and therefore inadvertently responsible for moulding the cricketing outlooks of a disproportionate number of the UK press pack - including Lawrence Booth, Nick Hoult and Alison Mitchell). For me, he'll always be one of the heroes of Kingston, England's most extraordinary Test victory of all time.
4.55pm Hello people, and welcome to final over of the summer. A set of six deliveries straight from the oldest rivalry in the game - starting tonight with the first T20I at the Ageas Bowl, where England will field as close to a full-strength side in white-ball cricket as they've been able to serve up all summer. And just as well really, as Australia are the world No.1s in this format, and well, I suspect they've got a bit of vengeance aforethought after their coloured-clothing run-ins with the Poms in recent years...
Matt Roller is our man at the Ageas Bowl tonight, and he reports an optimistic scene with half an hour to go until the toss... "Hello from Hedge End, very cloudy all day in these parts but looks like it's going to stay dry. Pretty short boundary to one side, which will no doubt come into both teams' thinking."
 Innings Start
9.50pm So, that's your lot for tonight. It's been a contest to live up to all its billing. Just a shame there was no crowd to lap it up, but we've been royally and remotely entertained. From Miller, Karthik, Chandan and the team, see you on Sunday for the rematch!
9.41pm Time for some presentations.
Aaron Finch: "We knew England would come back hard, as long as the boys keep learning and continue to improve ... lesson learnt. If you can separate the execution and gameplan you can look deeper, but T20 is about taking your options. I'm more critical of Davie and myself for not kicking on. There was plenty of stuff to be positive about, but England are a bloody good side. England were one-dimensional in their middle overs but it was a simple plan and they executed it well."
Eoin Morgan: "Statistically you can never win the game in the first ten overs, you're always chasing in the back end. The bowlers came good in the last overs, Adil taking two important wickets to expose that middle order. It's difficult coming in under lights on a slow wicket.
"Tom Curran has really followed on from a fantastic winter in NZ and SA where he and Chris Jordan led the attack. With responsibility comes opportunity, he was calm in the last few overs."
"Myself and Mo didn't get going, but we show faith in guys at 7 and 8 in Jordan and Curran."
Dawid Malan is Man of the Match for his half-century. "I don't know what the secret is but it's working. I'm slightly surprised, I've enjoyed the challenge, you're always pushing yourself to exceed your expectations and limits. This white-ball team has been the strongest England has ever had and it pushes you. Where I slot in, I don't know, but keep putting performances in..."
"When someone like Jos gets going you think 200 is a par score, but we were one partnership away from 175."
9.40pm Jamie Dow: "I've just looked back after about 30 mins to check the final damage, and ... this is what I felt like when checking the score in session 1 of Trent Bridge 2015 .... there just MUST be something wrong with the cricinfo computer. That obviously CANNOT be the score!"
Noor: "Curran for man of the match? Gave away just 1 eix in his entire 4 overe and there were no fours off of his bowling." A strong candidate, yes. All will be revealed
9.36pm So, where did it all go wrong for Australia. They had it in control right up until Adil Rashid's final delivery, when Glenn Maxwell's smear to cover just opened the door for England. David Warner played an ill-advised stroke when he was strolling to the target, and then the tail just lost their bearings when Mark Wood started cranking it up.
And then, as Shah Safeer says ... "I like this guy Curran, he always holds his nerves and win them games at death overs. Meanwhile Stoinis tried so hard" He's a star in the making in this format. He just loves the chance to be a hero, which in death-over bowling, is half the battle won.
9.33pm Good lord. What have we just witnessed? Business as usual for Jofra Archer in England white-ball cricket, of course. A final-ball thriller, as England come back from the dead to win a game that they had no right to be involved in. Just like his last appearance in coloured clothing...
Andrew Proctor : "About an hour ago I thought England had no chance of winning this and then they go in win it with the last ball awesome " Absolutely baffling. Australia were 98 for 0 with one ball of the 11th over to go!
19.6;2;Tom Curran to Stoinis, 2 runs low full toss, bunted to deep midwicket, and Tom Curran has snaffled it! A roar of triumph from the bowler. That is extraordinary from England, and Australia. They were dead and buried, but Australia have utterly blown it!;
19.5;2;Tom Curran to Stoinis, 2 runs yorker, that's exceptional areas from Curran, swinging in as Stoinis bunts his pull to backward square. Back for two... a four takes us to a Super Over!;
19.4;2;Tom Curran to Stoinis, 2 runs low full toss, and Stoinis had landed it in the crossroads! That went so high there was time for four fielders to converge in the covers, and none could get close! Most importantly though, it's not a boundary...;
19.3;?;Tom Curran to Stoinis, no run another swing and a miss! Stoinis almost flings himself off his feet as he honks into an air-pull over midwicket. Crumbs!;
19.2;6;Tom Curran to Stoinis, SIX runs flogged into the stands! Just when it looked like Stoinis was losing this single-handedly, he leans back on the length ball, just a touch of width, and monstered over wide long-off! That's changed things again!;
19.1;?;Tom Curran to Stoinis, no run length ball, hopeless wipe from Stoinis, and he can't connect!;
18.6;W;Jordan to Stoinis, OUT a massive wind-up and Stoinis can't connect! It's a sprint for the frantic single, as Jordan aborts his lbw appeal to attempt the run-out! He pings down the stumps, and we've got a double review! Full and straight, but sliding down leg ... not out in the first instance... now then, the run-out... Wow, that's close ... neck and neck as the bails and bat are in a race... but the bat is a millimetre short! Agar should have dived, but he was caught short... and the collapse continues!;Ashton Agar run out (Jordan) 4 (20m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 80;
18.5;?;Jordan to Stoinis, no run beaten outside off! Fifth-stump line, a swing and a miss as Stoinis can't pick the slower ball;
18.4;1;Jordan to Agar, 1 run round the wicket, hitting his areas well as Agar has a flat-footed hack and under-edges into the crease;
18.3;1;Jordan to Stoinis, 1 run tapped into the covers, on the front foot, Jordan stretches to intercept but can't quite gather. Another single... both sides taking it deep ...;
18.2;1;Jordan to Agar, 1 run very full, thrashed to point, and he's timed it too well this time. Well gathered, and suddenly England are tightening the screw...;
18.1;1;Jordan to Stoinis, 1 run banged in short, very straight line, and Stoinis plays a measured pull to the man at backward square. Hitting the deck from Jordan;
17.6;1;Tom Curran to Stoinis, 1 run fuller length, tighter line, pushed to cover for another single. That's a fine over but it's been milked, mid-90s-ODI-style.;
17.5;2;Tom Curran to Stoinis, 2 runs flashed off the back foot, the sweeper is in business as Malan slides round at deep point. Just enough width to free the arms but Curran is mixing up the pace well;
17.4;1;Tom Curran to Agar, 1 run round the wicket, another slower ball, hitting the deck hard and cut to point. Excellent tumbling stop from Moeen as Agar times it well;
17.3;1;Tom Curran to Stoinis, 1 run compact defence on the back foot, squeezed to cover for another single;
17.2;1;Tom Curran to Agar, 1 run round the wicket, cunning delivery, just back of a length and dabbed to cover. There's an easy single there, when it deserved a dot... Morgan wants to take it deep with no boundaries for now...;
17.1;1;Tom Curran to Stoinis, 1 run pushed onto the back foot, pressing the inswinger into the gap at mid-off, and they take the single;
16.6;1;Wood to Stoinis, 1 run back of a length, hopping into line to nudge the single to square leg. Wood's night is done. Another man with tidier figures than were threatening 20 minutes ago ...;
16.5;2;Wood to Stoinis, 2 runs inswinging yorker, that's a fine delivery, at 95mph too! But squirted down to third man, effective enough in the circumstances;
16.4;1lb;Wood to Agar, 1 leg bye round the wicket again, offering the left-handed Agar no width as he thumps the thigh pad with good lift from a tight line;
16.3;W;Wood to Carey, OUT bowled him! That's the benefit of raw pace. Fast, straight, Carey is caught flat-footed, and the zing bails go spiralling into the night sky! And now England reckon it's on!;Alex Carey b Wood 1 (8m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 20;
16.2;?;Wood to Carey, no run hitting the deck hard outside off, 91mph, cracked to the off side and gathered in the covers;
16.1;?;Wood to Carey, no run round the wicket, cramped on the back foot, tucked to midwicket;
15.6;1;Archer to Carey, 1 run back of a length, shaping into the left-hander, Carey opens the face on the back foot and nudges the single. Archer's night is done. Tidy, but it'll be up to his team-mates to salvage this one;
15.5;?;Archer to Carey, no run round the wicket to the left-hander, Carey closes the face on a nudge to the leg side;
15.4;1;Archer to Stoinis, 1 run attempted yorker, tight line, good attempt, but solidly blocked to the on-side;
15.3;?;Archer to Stoinis, no run 91mph outswinger, Stoinis has a woolly waft and can't lay anything on it;
15.3;2w;Archer to Carey, 2 wide fired down the leg side, they look to steal an extra run and nearly pay the price;
15.2;W;Archer to Warner, OUT bowled him! Warner gives himself room for an inside-out drive, Archer follows him from round the wicket, and the ball cannons off the pads into the leg stump! Now then ... it's a big ask for England, but there are two brand-new batsmen at the crease...;David Warner b Archer 58 (77m 47b 4x4 0x6) SR: 123.4;
15.1;2;Archer to Warner, 2 runs on the back foot, worked into the gap at midwicket as Malan brings up a divot with his knee as he fields;
14.6;W;Rashid to Maxwell, OUT flogged to short cover, and Rashid strikes with his last ball! That's a bad shot from Maxwell, no need to take on the dangerman at this stage. Making room and nailing a bottom-handed drive to Morgan. Suddenly Rash's figures look rather tidy, and well, England have the hint of the beginnings of a glimmer of optimism ...;Glenn Maxwell c Morgan b Rashid 1 (4m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
14.5;1;Rashid to Warner, 1 run cracked into the covers to keep the strike rotating;
14.4;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run pushed onto the defensive, worked to the on side;
14.3;1;Rashid to Warner, 1 run back of a length, big rip on the legbreak as Warner adjusts to haul a low pull to deep midwicket;
14.2;W;Rashid to Smith, OUT another big legbreak, and this time Smith holes out! Extra bounce as Smith kneeled into the slog-sweep, and Bairstow takes a fine running catch at deep midwicket. It's a start for England ... but here's Glenn Maxwell to apply a finish for Australia...;Steven Smith c Bairstow b Rashid 18 (16m 11b 2x4 1x6) SR: 163.63;
14.1;?;Rashid to Smith, no run big spin, back of a length, rips past Smith's floundering push;
13.6;?;Ali to Warner, no run a brace of dots to finish a rowdy over. England need a few more of those...;
13.5;?;Ali to Warner, no run looking to give himself room, but can't make the stroke;
13.4;1;Ali to Smith, 1 run looped onto a fuller length, eased to long-on;
13.3;6;Ali to Smith, SIX runs huge levers, smoked over wide long-on! Banton and Jordan have been dispatched to the stands, much like the ball itself. And they can't find the ball for love nor money! It's like watching the Camel on Hackney Marshes!;
13.2;1;Ali to Warner, 1 run round the wicket, Warner picks the line early and reverses to a tumbling Jordan behind square;
13.1;1;Ali to Smith, 1 run hustled by a tight middle-and-leg line, Smith is eyeing up the big wipe but a nudge to leg with suffice;
12.6;?;Rashid to Warner, no run tossed up, another googly, draws an airy push, just short of point. It's a good over, but it's not a great over. England need wickets...;
12.5;2;Rashid to Warner, 2 runs flipped off the toes out to deep midwicket;
12.4;1;Rashid to Smith, 1 run slower ball, back of a length, Smith waits on the back foot and taps the single to leg;
12.3;?;Rashid to Smith, no run Smith gallops into a lofted drive, but inside-edges the googly into his thigh. Tidy work from the spinner;
12.2;?;Rashid to Smith, no run legbreak with a slip lurking too. Smith leans forward with uncertain feet to defend;
12.1;1;Rashid to Warner, 1 run outside off, tapped behind point;
11.6;1;Wood to Warner, 1 run short and straight, Warner stands at the crease, deflects a half-cock pull round the corner - with three men on the hook there was oodles of risk in taking it on - and up comes an excellent fifty;
11.5;2;Wood to Warner, 2 runs back of a length, pulled to the on side;
11.4;1;Wood to Smith, 1 run pushed onto the back foot, Wood follows Smith's shimmying to force a block to the off-side;
11.3;4;Wood to Smith, FOUR runs pounded in front of square this time, and Banton fumbles on the rope! England are scenting an early night here ...;
11.2;4;Wood to Smith, FOUR runs battered into the stands! Exceptional batting first-up! Dancing feet from Smith, as he saunters into the line of a 94mph length ball, and pongoes his pull behind square!;
11.1;1;Wood to Warner, 1 run flipped off the pads, behind square for another single;
10.6;W;Archer to Finch, OUT holes out to mid-off! Finally, the breakthrough for Archer! The short balls keep Finch's feet pegged to the crease as his weight is lured into the fuller ball. No timing on the lofted drive and Jordan times his leap well to end a fine innings;Aaron Finch c Jordan b Archer 46 (53m 32b 7x4 1x6) SR: 143.75;
10.5;1;Archer to Warner, 1 run on the legs, hustled for pace again but worked into the gap;
10.4;1;Archer to Finch, 1 run ducking into a pull, and so nearly the breakthrough! Short and straight, 93mph, and Finch was hurried as he clawed his shot behind square. Wood did well as he ran in for the catch, keeping himself big to prevent the boundary as the ball fell short;
10.3;2;Archer to Finch, 2 runs on the back foot, poked to deep point with a gliding cut;
10.2;1;Archer to Warner, 1 run panned off the back foot, out to deep midwicket. Who needs subtlety when your eye is in?;
10.2;1w;Archer to Warner, 1 wide way down the leg side, that won't help England's cause;
10.1;1;Archer to Finch, 1 run swished out to the leg side, clawing at a back-of-a-length ball;
9.6;?;Wood to Warner, no run that is proper fast bowling, angled across the left-hander at sharp pace and eluding a tentative chop to third man. England need wickets, but in their absence, tight overs will have to do;
9.5;1;Wood to Finch, 1 run on the back foot, pressed to cover with a glide of the bat;
9.5;1w;Wood to Finch, 1 wide wider on the crease, but fizzed past the legs. We'll have that one again ...;
9.4;?;Wood to Finch, no run on the back foot, poked out to cover;
9.3;?;Wood to Finch, no run a whistling bouncer at 92mph! Can't argue with that. Finch weaves inside the line and lets it go;
9.2;1;Wood to Warner, 1 run flashed out to the leg side to get off the strike;
9.1;?;Wood to Warner, no run "aw no!" says Warner, and he's not wrong! Swishing into a pull and clattered right into the knackers! Count em, don't rub em...;
9.1;1w;Wood to Warner, 1 wide fired down the leg side, that won't help;
8.6;?;Rashid to Finch, no run a quicker googly, fizzed through flatter and pressed to point. This is in danger of getting one-sided now...;
8.5;4;Rashid to Finch, FOUR runs inside-out drive! Finch is cooking now! Onto the front foot, crashing his blade through the line. England are in trouble now...;
8.4;4;Rashid to Finch, FOUR runs wider line, and battered along the carpet! Finch has called Rashid's bluff there, picking the probability of a wider line and crunching him to the boundary;
8.3;6;Rashid to Finch, SIX runs panned into the stands at long-on! Just enough width for Finch to plant the front foot, pick the wrong'un and smoke it over the rope!;
8.2;1;Rashid to Warner, 1 run another googly, slower through the air, tucked to the on side;
8.1;2;Rashid to Warner, 2 runs reverse-sweep, steepling top-edge! It plops inches inside the rope, but deep square leg would have swallowed that;
7.6;1;Tom Curran to Warner, 1 run stabbed off the back foot out to deep point;
7.5;1;Tom Curran to Finch, 1 run flicked off the toes, out to midwicket, another slower ball, not entirely picked but finds enough of a gap;
7.4;3;Tom Curran to Warner, 3 runs on the back foot, another slower-ball bouncer, dabbed down into the gap at backward point. Australia are in complete control here;
7.4;1w;Tom Curran to Warner, 1 wide far too wide this time, it was a cunning slower ball, but off-line from the outset;
7.3;2;Tom Curran to Warner, 2 runs whittled off the pads, out to deep square leg. More dogged running to keep Australia cooking;
7.2;?;Tom Curran to Warner, no run excellent ball, shaping away on a wide line, and kicking off the turf to elude Warner's ambitions;
7.1;2;Tom Curran to Warner, 2 runs outside off, flogged hard on the cut, out to deep point. Good timing, but can't beat the sweeper;
6.6;?;Rashid to Finch, no run ripper! Finch is comprehensively beaten by the legbreak and Buttler whips off the bails! Did his back foot wobble? Not enough to get the stumping...;
6.5;2;Rashid to Finch, 2 runs tossed into the toes, excellent pushing between the wickets as Finch picks his drive to wide long-on;
6.4;?;Rashid to Finch, no run well bowled, a teasing legbreak, on a good length, just outside off as Finch rocks to cut and misses;
6.3;1;Rashid to Warner, 1 run thumped to the on-side, another single as Rashid continues to apply a handbrake in this over;
6.2;2;Rashid to Warner, 2 runs another googly, but tighter line and Warner sweeps effectively to deep square;
6.1;?;Rashid to Warner, no run wrong'un first up. Grips well as Warner pushes tentatively outside off;
5.6;?;Jordan to Finch, no run slower ball again, tailing into a compact block. Very measured end to the Powerplay. But Australia will be amply satisfied with that platform;
5.5;2;Jordan to Finch, 2 runs very full, right in the slot for a launch, but there was some subtlety in the flight there from Jordan, and Finch couldn't quite time his lofted drive;
5.4;1;Jordan to Warner, 1 run poked into the covers, off the back foot, keeping the runs ticking;
5.3;2;Jordan to Warner, 2 runs slower ball, swished out to the leg side;
5.2;1lb;Jordan to Finch, 1 leg bye flinched off the legs for another single;
5.1;4;Jordan to Finch, FOUR runs donked through mid-on! That made the sort of sound that that bloke from Crocodile Dundee made on the baddie by the creek. You know the one. Stand and deliver!;
4.6;1;Tom Curran to Finch, 1 run back of a length, shaping into the right-hander, who squeezes a back-foot cut out to point. That's a good over, mixing it up well to put a check on Australia's scoring;
4.5;1;Tom Curran to Warner, 1 run worked to the on side, just behind square.;
4.4;1;Tom Curran to Finch, 1 run slower ball, on a good length, Finch advances, but can't time his drive;
4.3;?;Tom Curran to Finch, no run nip from a good length! Finch is momentarily discomforted as the ball leaps into his knuckles;
4.2;1;Tom Curran to Warner, 1 run tucked to the on-side, fuller length;
4.1;?;Tom Curran to Warner, no run yee-har! Warner sizes up the baseball mow, belatedly picks the slower ball, then sizes up another one. Misses...;
3.6;4;Jordan to Finch, FOUR runs back of a length, too wide, Finch cuts it to ribbons! This is not the area to be bowling to Aaron Finch ...;
3.6;1w;Jordan to Finch, 1 wide slower ball, sliding down the leg side as Finch swings into a frantic pull. No contact but it matters not;
3.5;?;Jordan to Finch, no run back of a length, outside off, Finch sets himself for a cut but that's too tight to the body and he under-edges into the pitch;
3.4;1;Jordan to Warner, 1 run slower ball, wide yorker length, decent delivery, dipping late on the crease line, and tapped out to cover with a horizontal bat;
3.3;?;Jordan to Warner, no run thumps the pad, fuller length and Warner gets in a tangle. Not out;
3.2;4;Jordan to Warner, FOUR runs Warner set himself for the width this time, and humpties an upper-cut high through backward point! He's so deep in his crease tonight, buying himself an extra split-second for every shot;
3.1;?;Jordan to Warner, no run outside off, Warner is fishing for the wide, but can't get it. Just inside the guidelines on the pitch as it angles away;
2.6;?;Archer to Finch, no run pushed onto the back foot by the fuller length, half an appeal for lbw but clearly going over;
2.5;4;Archer to Finch, FOUR runs shovelled very fine, just back of a length, but Finch is cute with his angles, and flicks a leg-stump line past Wood on the rope.;
2.4;1;Archer to Warner, 1 run opens the face, dabs to short third man;
2.3;2;Archer to Warner, 2 runs leg-stump line, waiting on the back foot for a clip to midwicket, and that's good running;
2.2;4;Archer to Warner, FOUR runs crashed off a good length, Warner is waiting for the pull, so that was right in his arc, clawed through square leg for another boundary;
2.1;?;Archer to Warner, no run yorker, at 94mph. Can't ask for more than that. Well dug out, but a useful dot;
1.6;?;Wood to Finch, no run on the back foot, "aw c'mon!" grumbles Finch as he mistimes his slap out to point. Well, this is rowdy already;
1.5;1;Wood to Warner, 1 run fuller length, outside off, thwacked to the leg side, that was 95mph! Wood is in the mood, but the ball is travelling at the moment...;
1.4;4;Wood to Warner, FOUR runs banged in short, and gloved very fine past fine leg. Warner cashes in on the leg-stump line, and leaves Archer with too much to do;
1.3;?;Wood to Warner, no run shovelled off the back foot again, into the on-side. Wood is looking properly lively already;
1.2;2;Wood to Warner, 2 runs pulled, but not convincingly! Wood skids though a rapid back-of-a-length ball, Warner was anchored on the back foot in anticipation but only just scuffed it over mid-on;
1.1;4;Wood to Warner, FOUR runs sharp from the outset, Warner under-cuts down into his crease. He nearly chops on, but that's got oodles of bat on it and fine leg has no chance to cut that off;
0.6;?;Archer to Finch, no run slower ball, and that's a fine follow-up, rolling the fingers on the cutter, and that leaps into the splice to plug out in the covers. A bit of a mixed bag, but lively from Archer;
0.5;4;Archer to Finch, FOUR runs fine leg comes up, and away goes the flick off the toes. Archer drifts leg-sided, and Finch is acutely aware of the gaping hole in the field. Excellent batting;
0.4;4;Archer to Finch, FOUR runs swished high and emphatically away over square leg! Picking up the short ball well and dumping it one bounce over the rope;
0.3;?;Archer to Finch, no run good wheels outside off, a hint of late away swing from just back of a length. Finch is beaten as he prods at thin air;
0.2;?;Archer to Finch, no run tight line, just back of a length, squeezed out to point off the back foot. Archer is zipping up to 92mph already...;
0.1;1;Archer to Warner, 1 run back of a length, nip off the deck as Warner wafts a back-foot drive into the covers and sprints the single;

7.45pm The players are out in the middle. Jofra Archer has the new ball, Warner is in his sights. Buckle up!
7.41pm The lights are just taking effect. There will be a definite temptation to crank up Wood and Archer, and unleash hell for a couple of overs before Australia have gauged the wicket. But Moeen has opened in recent times to mix it up. We'll find out soon enough
Tahir Syed: "Aus did not show any rustiness with the ball and no reason they will show rustiness with that bat either. No excuses. Simply win it...."
7.33pm Evening all. That was a bit of a grind for England, Buttler and Malan excepted. But Heavy Roller, our man in the bubble, isn't too perturbed by what he's seen...
"That feels a bit short of par to me, but England have the bonus of a clear blueprint as to how to bowl on this pitch," he says. "Lots of hard length stuff from the quicks with a few slower balls, plus plenty of spin
"Aus screwed up a similar chase earlier this year in South Africa when they got bogged down in the middle overs - admittedly with Maxwell missing through injury - but it'll be really interesting to see their approach." Here's the card
Ankur: "Tom banton at 4...are you making a player or finshing someone's career??" It's got to learn to be adaptable. He's currently England's fourth-choice opener...
J I Pearce: "Will we see the famed Jofra Archer Knuckle ball or plenty of his other slower ball variations?" I suspect the full toybox will be on display. For the first time since the World Cup final no less...
 Innings Start
England
Australia
1st T20I (N), Southampton, Sep 4 2020, Australia tour of England
162/7
160/6
Player of the match is Dawid Malan, ENG
England won by 2 runs
