Data
8:28pm David Warner has just taken his leg stump guard. Cartwright is opening with him. Bhuvneshwar Kumar with the ball. One slip catching.
8:24pm Confirmed. Play to resume in six minutes. Target of 164 in 21 overs. One bowler can bowl a maximum of five overs. Powerplay 1 - 1-4 overs; Powerplay 2: 5-17; Powerplay 3: 18-21.
8:19pm India are out on the field. We're hearing of an 8:30pm resumption. The revised target will be 164 in 21 overs in that case.
8:16pm, Arun: "The supersoppers are prowling the field, the umpires have taken another look and are gesturng towards the dressing room. Steven Smith is now talking to the umpire."
8:12pm, Arun, Chepauk thala: If you are chewing your nails and tearing your hair out, you won't be judged. It's inexplicable how nothing more than a few droplets of rain have held up play for more than two hours now.
Chandra: "Those are targets, right? Not the par score...?" --- Yes, targets.
Anant: "Can someone please guide through the targets that Aussies will have to face? Growing impatient now" ---- Here's a breakdown: 20 overs - 159 || 21 overs - 164 || 22 overs - 170 || 23 overs - 175 || 24 overs - 181 || 25 overs - 186
8:01pm, Arun, Chepauk weatherman: Covers are off, super soppers are on, stumps planted. Where have we heard that before? Just over thirty minutes left.
Firoz Dhanani: "Whistle Podu is just WE ARE LOOKING FORWARD TO HAVING CSK BACK IN THE IPL"
Mohamad Javed H: "Thala Means : The Big Boss literally No one is Bigger than Thala. Whistle Podu Means : Give a Hard Whistle (high-pitched sound) Which we chennaites Does for our Team India & CSK. "
DanielAlexander: "Thala ku whistle podu means - Whistle to our chief (all hail our chief) "
Harini Venkatar: "Thala is not just leader. A leader for the leaders. Calling someone Thala in chennai means giving them a cult superstar status. Literally thala means head. Head of the team. Head of the country."
Not from Chennai: "What is whistle podu? What is thala? " --- My co-commentator Deiva, who is from Chennai, tells me thala means head or leader. Whistle podu, literally, means, well...whistle. I'm sure some others here can describe it better. Go for it, folks.
Baundule Gunodh: "This persistent drizzle is like a Dhoni innings. It has started slowly, staying till the end, now getting heavier, and ensuring what it is meant for."
Praveen Kumar : "I do not know if there were others. I was already saying this last week to my mom who keeps praying for rain that you will have it on 17th. Now, when was the last international match that actually completed here in Chennai. Probably , this is the ground with lot of washed out matches in last 20 years or so. Do we have any stats around this ?" --- I don't have any stats on hand for this, but one man called Karun Nair had a great time in a Chennai Test not long ago.
Subu: "The matches in India's recent tour to Sri Lanka had a reserve day to help with situation like these. Do we have anything like that on this series?" --- No reserve days.
Arun, Chepauk man: A message on the giant screen asking fans to whistle podu for Dhoni elicits a resounding collection of whistles.
Joel H: ""You can't hold a Champions Trophy or a World Cup in England" they say. "It always rains in England" they say... "
Pradeep: "@Ganesh: I doubt that. With Bhuvi, Bumrah and Chahal India's chance will increase when overs reduced. "
AMK: "Why don't you block Arun from entering the commentary room till the rains stop and play actually resumes ;-)" --- We'll consider this.
Sam Mangat: "I have to say that the only way to decide this is a good old fashioned bowl out. Stuff like that gets the heart-rate from 0 to 150 in seconds." --- Zero heart rate is a bad place to be because of stalled cricket, Sam.
krish: "Kohli as clever. He knew that its going to rain later in the evening. So he made the Aussies bowl and then he dont have to field for them. Just like in Galli cricket... Every Indian just wants to bat!"
Ganesh: "Better to have this game washed out than to resume. With a 25 over game and a 180ish target, India will definitely lose!"
Hapi: "Is there any rule that this game can be 20 overs instead of being called off?" --- Yes. If play resumes around 8:34pm, Australia will have to chase 159 in 20 overs. Any rain beyond that time and this game is finished.
More drizzle news from Arun, who says it has intensified. And some input from Sid Monga who said before Arun's update that this is the kind of rain where play would have continued if it had already been on.
gav: "How do you shrug aggressively? Shrugging is the symbol of neutrality " --- He shrugged and mouthed off at the same time. Quite a trick.
Shivam: "What is the penalty levied on Aussies because of their slow run rate? Just a financial fine or any changes to the scoreline?" --- Monetary fine and demerit points to Smith.
7:30pm Just over an hour remaining before this game can be called off. Some time around 8:34pm according to the Chepauk scorers.
7:27pm Okay, now the Indian team is walking back into the dressing room.
7:26pm You can scream the expletives on my behalf. There's some confusion. India are still on the field. For a moment, the groundsmen pause as they come on with the cover. The umpires ask them to stop. Then Kohli pesters them. Then Smith walks out and shrugs, aggressively. Then, the covers come on anyway. India are still on the field, though.
7:24pm Oh dear. Just as the batsmen walk up to the pitch, the rain's come down again. The covers have been pulled back on.
7:20pm Play will resume at 7.25pm. The target is 238 in 37 overs. Two bowlers can bowl a maximum of eight overs. Powerplay 1: 1-8, overs, PP2: 9-30 overs, PP3: 31-37 overs.
Arun, 7:19pm The Indian fielders are huddled near the boundary. There are signs of the Australian yellow too. Boy, this is a tease.
R Ashwin turns 31 today. Do you think we will see him mostly in whites in the coming years?
Arun: "Something to do with your name, Varun, that draws the rains to matches you cover. Speaking of covers, they are now coming off to a huge round of cheers. The stumps have been planted on the main wicket. Hopefully that's a good sign."
Saif: "Grounds for thought: When will cricket start having stadiums with roofs? It's becoming common enough in tennis. The roof can be a giant screen that displays commercials, so funding won't be a problem. At least grounds where it rains a lot should consider it."
P Mohan Prashan: "Can your supercool stats team look up the proportion of washed out matches by stadium and see if Chepauk's is the highest? I can vividly remember 3 matches - one test against AUS that IND could have easily won, an ODI against NZ around Diwali, a test/ODI against RSA. Depressing thought this :(" --- Hey, you should tweet to our supercool stats team. They have their own handle now - @ESPNcric_stats
7:06pm 'The drizzle has intensified now and the crowd senses that the game won't start anytime soon'. Guess who? Arun, your principal correspondent for bad news.
Sairam: "Here is the traditional cricinfo comment whenever there is a rain: My house is 8kms away from the ground, and not even the slightest of drizzles"
Arun at Chepauk: It's only a very slight drizzle, but annoyingly for the fans it is persistent.
6:48pm Scratch everything I said. The covers are coming back on. Giant sigh.
6:34pm Well, it seems we have lost overs, despite the earlier announcement. It seems Australia's slow over rate (26-27 minutes late) has cost them the 30 minutes. So, as per the rules we will now have a 43-over second innings. We're hearing that the revised target is 260. I'll give you a confirmation on that soon. The match will resume at 7 pm.
6:32pm Arun: India's support staff waste no time in setting up the stumps and other paraphernalia on the adjacent practice wicket. Bumrah and Chahal are having a bowl now
Arun has good news: The covers are coming off the square. Chepauk is in whistle-podu mode.
6:26pm Arun from the ground: "The supersoppers were out there doing their thing. Ropes were also being used to suck the moisture. What must be frustrating for the fans is there is very little rain in the air. But they're cheering now as the umpires have walked out to take a closer look. They're talking to the groundsmen."
5:55pm Rain isn't going away any time soon. The start will be delayed. More details soon. Another 35 minutes before we start losing overs.
5.30pm There is a slight drizzle in Chennai. Our correspondent Arun Venugopal says the square is being covered.
Earlier today PV Sindhu avenged herself against Nozomi Okuhara at the Korea Open and brought their developing rivalry to an even keel.
Nitesh Gupta: "Dhoni rescued India in his own style again!!! Start slowly, stay till end and blast at last :)"
Ravi Baddam : "Another masterclass innings by MSD... When team required, under pressure... At his second home stadium...."
Hardik Pandya: It feels pretty amazing to be honest. They were on top, and the pressure was there. We lost wickets, and it was important for me to make a partnership with MSD. I mean, I have learnt a lot from him, still learning. We were speaking how we needs to change things up. It is a pleasure to play with him. I was trying to hit out before the Zampa over as well. Generally my plan is hitting straight - I don't care if long-off is there or long-on is there. If I connect well, I know I will clear the boundary. When me and Mahi bhai were batting we were looking at 230. I will take 280.
Coulter-Nile and Cummins found swing and bounce in the early exchanges and made light work of India's top order. Kedar Jadhav flickered briefly before Hardik Pandya and MS Dhoni staged a remarkable recovery. Pandya teed off against Zampa, smashing four successive boundaries. After Pandya fell for a career-best 83, Dhoni took over, brought up a fifty of his own. From 11 for 3 and then 87 for 5, India finish at 281 for 7 on a two-paced pitch. Be back in 40 minutes for Australia's reply
49.6;?;Faulkner to Bhuvneshwar, no run back-of-the-hand slower ball outside off, Bhuvneshwar swings for the hills... and misses;
49.5;4;Faulkner to Bhuvneshwar, FOUR runs Bhuvneshwar shuffled a long way across the off stump even before Faulkner delivered the ball. Length ball outside off, paddled away stylishly to the fine-leg boundary;
49.4;W;Faulkner to Dhoni, OUT Dhoni forays down the track again... this time holes out to long-off. Faulkner's front foot is fine. Faulker pulled his length back, seeing Dhoni step out, on off stump. Dhoni gets it high on the bat and splices it to Warner for a head-high catch;MS Dhoni c Warner b Faulkner 79 (152m 88b 4x4 2x6) SR: 89.77;
49.3;?;Faulkner to Dhoni, no run back-of-the-hand slower delivery outside off, Dhoni aims for a club over midwicket. No dice. Beaten;
49.2;6;Faulkner to Dhoni, SIX runs he doesn't need to run when he can launch it for sixes. This is vintage Dhoni and the crowd soaks it in. He surges down the track, meets a length ball outside off and lifts it imperiously over long-off;
49.1;?;Faulkner to Dhoni, no run Faulkner aims for a yorker, goes too full on the pads, Dhoni picks it up with his powerful wrists and whips it with the bottom hand over square leg. Coulter-Nile slides to his right and stops the ball. Dhoni did not even run;
49.1;5nb;Faulkner to Dhoni, (no ball) FOUR runs slower, short ball on the leg stump, all Dhoni has to do is to pull it away to the fine-leg boundary. Well, well, it's a front-foot no-ball as well;
48.6;?;Cummins to Bhuvneshwar, no run back of a length on middle, rushes onto Bhuvneshwar, 145ks, he is cramped up for a pull. Ends up splicing it in front of cover. The ball does not carry to Stoinis who was diving forward;
48.5;2;Cummins to Bhuvneshwar, 2 runs Bhuvneshwar slinks away outside the leg stump, the bowler chases him guided to third man. Dhoni pushes on for the second, Bhuvneshwar responds. Wade can't collect the throw from Faulkner cleanly;
48.4;1;Cummins to Dhoni, 1 run slower, back of a length and outside off, check-pushed to point;
48.3;1;Cummins to Bhuvneshwar, 1 run very full on middle, backs away outside leg and carves it through cover point;
48.2;?;Cummins to Bhuvneshwar, no run middle-stump yorker, excellent ball, dug out;
48.1;?;Cummins to Bhuvneshwar, no run back of a length and zipping through outside off, Bhuvneshwar presses forward, swings.... and misses;
17.6;?;Cummins to Dhoni, no run back of a length at middle stump, defended to midwicket off the back foot;
17.5;1;Cummins to Jadhav, 1 run short on at middle stump, swivels to pull to fine leg;
17.4;?;Cummins to Jadhav, no run back of a length at off stump, defended pitchside off the back foot;
17.3;4;Cummins to Jadhav, FOUR runs edged and four. Back of a length outside off, wafts at it away from his body and it flies wide of first slip;
17.2;?;Cummins to Jadhav, no run back of a length outside off, left alone;
17.1;1;Cummins to Dhoni, 1 run length in the corridor, pushes it wide of extra cover and takes off immediately;
16.6;?;Zampa to Jadhav, no run good length at off stump, defended to point;
16.5;4;Zampa to Jadhav, FOUR runs do. not. bowl. short. to. him. A long-hop at middle stump. Kedar Jadhav is a murderer of spinners. Climbs into the like one. Slaps it flat towards the midwicket boundary. It lands just short of the rope;
16.4;?;Zampa to Jadhav, no run back of a length at middle stump, pushed to midwicket;
16.3;?;Zampa to Jadhav, no run back of a length outside off, a slider, chopped to backward point;
16.2;1;Zampa to Dhoni, 1 run full outside off, poked to sweeper off the front foot;
16.1;2;Zampa to Dhoni, 2 runs a misfield and he's way! A slip was on place for Dhoni. This is back of a length and lifting away from outside off. He gets a thick outside edge and backward point lets it through;
15.6;W;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, OUT holes out to deep square leg. An ordinary shot. Stoinis has been easily picked off with short bowling. But this one is 5 kph quicker than the last ball. Rohit goes for the hook, but the ball is way outside off. It's a regulation top edge and a regulation reverse-cup for Coulter-Nile. Umpires check for no-ball, but the crowd has already begun shouting Dhoni! Dhoni!;Rohit Sharma c Coulter-Nile b Stoinis 28 (81m 44b 3x4 0x6) SR: 63.63;
15.5;?;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, no run good length at off stump, defended to extra cover;
15.4;4;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs flies past Maxwell's outstretched right hand. Ooooooo goes the crowd as they show the replay. Rohit slashed at this wide length ball and it was at a catchable height. Maxwell flew to his right but couldn't get a hand on it;
15.3;?;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length outside off, stabs at it away from the body, beaten;
15.2;?;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, no run full outside off, looks to clatter it through the covers but his weight was moving backwards. Can't get it through extra cover;
15.1;1;Stoinis to Jadhav, 1 run back of a length in the corridor, guided off the face to third man;
14.6;?;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length at middle stump, spins away sharply as Rohit looks to make room on the back foot. Forced to push well away from his body, back towards the bowler;
14.5;?;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, no run short outside off, cut straight to point;
14.4;1;Zampa to Jadhav, 1 run tossed up outside off, jammed out to sweeper off the front foot;
14.3;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run short on off stump, cut to sweeper;
14.2;?;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, no run nice. Slow, dipping on off stump. Draws him forward and beats the outside edge;
14.1;?;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, no run good length at off stump, defended into the covers;
13.6;1;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, 1 run easy. Short in the corridor, stands tall and shovels it to fine leg;
13.5;1;Stoinis to Jadhav, 1 run good length at off stump, poked on the up to sweeper cover;
13.4;1;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, 1 run full outside off, guided down to third man;
13.3;1;Stoinis to Jadhav, 1 run full outside off, flicked to deep square's left;
13.2;1;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, 1 run short and wide outside off, half-crouching as he drags this to deep square;
13.1;1;Stoinis to Jadhav, 1 run short and wide outside off, chopped to sweeper off the toe of the bat;
12.6;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run good length on middle stump, defended into the off side with an open face;
12.5;4;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs clean. Length at off stump again. He takes a small step down the track while getting the front leg out of the way to make room. Then he hits through the line, straight over the bowler;
12.4;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run good length, in at off stump. Reaches way in front to poke this back to the bowler;
12.3;1;Faulkner to Jadhav, 1 run back of a length outside off, poked to sweeper cover;
12.2;4;Faulkner to Jadhav, FOUR runs short and angled towards the corridor. Not so much room. But he goes for the cut. And he deposits it backward of point to beat third man's slide to the right;
12.1;1lb;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 1 leg bye good length, slight tail down leg side. Thuds him on the pad as he looks to flick;
11.6;?;Stoinis to Jadhav, no run zippy short ball outside off, Jadhav pulls his bat inside the line, and lets it climb through to Wade;
11.5;?;Stoinis to Jadhav, no run really, really full and outside off, near yorker, the batsman squeezes a drive to mid-off;
11.4;1;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, 1 run full and angling in on off, milked away to the right of mid-on now;
11.3;1;Stoinis to Jadhav, 1 run full and skids through on off, camps back and works it through the gap at midwicket;
11.2;?;Stoinis to Jadhav, no run full on a sixth-stump line outside off, the batsman reaches out and slices it to point;
11.1;1;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, 1 run just short of a good length on off and middle, Rohit clips it away to the right of midwicket;
10.6;1;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 1 run fullish and outside off, opens the face and pats it to point;
10.5;1;Faulkner to Jadhav, 1 run short, back-of-the-hand slower ball outside off, 115ks, dragged away to deep midwicket with a pull;
10.5;1nb;Faulkner to Jadhav, (no ball) Jadhav races down the track, Faulkner drags his length back and cramps the batsman for room. He might have eked out an inside edge onto the pad. Faulkner's front foot is on the line - harsh call - no-ball;
10.4;?;Faulkner to Jadhav, no run full and outside off, presses forward and pushes it to the covers;
10.3;?;Faulkner to Jadhav, no run on a length and outside off, driven on the up to mid-off;
10.2;1;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 1 run pitched up and outside off, driven through the line to the right of the cover-point sweeper;
10.1;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run good length on off, gets forward, opens the face and runs it to point;
9.6;2;Coulter-Nile to Jadhav, 2 runs pretty full and outside off, Jadhav walks into a drive and simply eases it through the covers. So easy on the eye, but just two for Jadhav;
9.5;2;Coulter-Nile to Jadhav, 2 runs banged short and outside off, cross-seamer, 138ks, rushes Jadhav into a hook. He ends up miscuing it in the air, straight of mid-on;
9.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Jadhav, no run length ball on off, blocked off the front foot;
9.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Jadhav, no run short and wide outside off, cracked straight to point;
9.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Jadhav, no run back of a length and outside off, Jadhav stylishly late-cuts to backward point;
9.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Jadhav, no run back of a length and outside off, stands tall and punches crisply to cover;
8.6;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run shortish on off, opens the face and glides it to short third man;
8.5;1;Faulkner to Jadhav, 1 run an upppish flick from off stump, but placed to the right of mid-on;
8.4;?;Faulkner to Jadhav, no run full and angling away outside off, presses forward and drives it to cover;
8.3;?;Faulkner to Jadhav, no run back of a length on of, defended on the back foot;
8.2;1;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of a length on middle, turned to midwicket;
8.1;4;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs first boundary for Rohit after 20 balls. Loose ball - short and wide outside off - Rohit extends his hands as far as he could and slashes a cut to the right of backward point, beats the man in the deep to his left;
7.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Jadhav, no run on a length and outside off, asks Jadhav to drive. He obliges, hits it on the up, but can't get it past mid-off;
7.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Jadhav, no run back of a length and angling into a front-foot defence on off;
7.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, 1 run short, rising outside off, Rohit secures a single to third man with an upper cut;
7.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run pitched up and outside off, opens the face and dabs it to backward point;
7.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run very full and wide outside off, 139ks, Rohit throws his bat at a drive with his front foot nowhere close to the pitch of the ball. Toe-ended down to mid-off;
7.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run wide of the crease, holds its line outside off, Rohit plays with soft hands and dabs to backward point;
6.6;1;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, 1 run chest-high short ball on middle, 150ks - pace like fire, rushes Rohit into a hook. He hits it in the air but the ball does not carry to Zampa at deep backward square leg;
6.5;1;Cummins to Jadhav, 1 run Australia's plan is to bowl full and wide outside off. Jadhav reaches out for the ball with his hands and flashes a drive to third man;
6.4;?;Cummins to Jadhav, no run really full on a sixth/seventh-stump line outside off, swings away late, Jadhav thrusts his hands out and is beaten past the outside edge;
6.3;4;Cummins to Jadhav, FOUR runs full and angling in on off stump, Jadhav does not have a big front-foot stride, but drives it between midwicket and mid-on for his and India's second boundary;
6.2;?;Cummins to Jadhav, no run pitched up and outside off, presses forward and pushes it to cover;
6.1;1;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, 1 run just short of a good length on off, opens the face and steers it wide of backward point;
5.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Jadhav, no run back of a length, starts on a fourth-stump line, and darts away. Jadhav is caught between playing and leaving. He does a bit of this, a bit of that, and watches the ball dribble past the leg stump off a fortunate inside edge;
5.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Jadhav, no run back of a length and outside off, defended;
5.4;4;Coulter-Nile to Jadhav, FOUR runs overpitched and outside off, just too full,and Jadhav leans into a square-drive, drilling it to the left of backward point. First boundary for India;
5.4;1w;Coulter-Nile to Jadhav, 1 wide on a length outside off, swings away so very late, left alone. Past the tramline. Wide;
5.3;W;Coulter-Nile to Pandey, OUT Is Pandey out nicking behind as well? Australia are sure they have their man and keep celebrating... but umpire Erasmus asks them to hold on. Was it a bump ball? He refers it to the TV umpire. Very, very full and swinging away so very late outside off, Pandey jams his bat down on the ground. The ball did not touch the ground, though; takes the outside edge and floats into the gloves of Wade. Clean catch. India left at 11 for 3 in 5.3. All three batsmen out flirting in the channel;Manish Pandey c ?Wade b Coulter-Nile 0 (4m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
5.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Pandey, no run dug in short on off, 140.8ks, Pandey fends it off;
5.1;W;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, OUT Kohli can't get away. Maxwell at backward point pulls off a belting one-handed catch over his head. Kohli has been dismissed for a four-ball duck. This was full and wide - wider than a set of stumps outside off again. Kohli had left his first ball. He chased the second one with a big drive. The big drive comes out again, he slices it into the air. Maxwell propels himself at backward point, sticks out his right hand, and grabs the ball, and lands. Great reflexes from Maxwell;Virat Kohli c Maxwell b Coulter-Nile 0 (7m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
4.6;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run Smith falls to his right from second slip to track down this edge but can't cling on. He slaps the ground in frustration. Back of a length and zips through outside off at 147.3ks, Rohit looks to open the face and run it past the cordon. He gets away;
4.5;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run much fuller and outside off, Rohit checks his drive and finds mid-off;
4.4;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run on a length and outside off, run away to backward point;
4.3;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length on off, defended cover off the back foot;
4.2;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run good length, angled in, straightens late, poked to cover via an outside edge;
4.1;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run just short of a good length and outside off, opens the face and dabs to backward point;
3.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, no run short, rising outside off. Kohli rises with it and drops the ball to cover;
3.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, no run much fuller and closer to off stump. Dangled up in the channel, hint of away movement, Kohli reaches out for a biiiiig drive and watches the ball move past the outside edge;
3.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, no run very, very full and wide outside off, just inside the tramline, asking Kohli to drive. The Indian captain says 'Nah, not now';
3.3;W;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, OUT Australia find reward for their tight lines and lengths with the new ball. Coulter-Nile puts it on a length and wide outside off, swings away further - it ended on a set of stumps outside off. Rahane throws his bat at a drive and only snicks it behind. Wade, who has been busy this afternoon, moves to his right and snags the catch. Rahane falls for 5 off 15 balls on return;Ajinkya Rahane c ?Wade b Coulter-Nile 5 (18m 15b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
3.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, no run there's the bouncer, defeats Rahane's hook. Banged in outside off, beats Rahane for pace, and slams the gloves of Wade. One for the over, says umpire Erasmus;
3.2;1nb;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, (no ball) full and on off, Rahane twirls his wrists and works it to mid-on pressing forward. Cummins' front foot had strayed. No-ball;
3.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, no run pitched up and slanted in on off, nearly 140ks, played back to the bowler off the front foot;
2.6;2;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs short ball outside off, 140ks, think this one got stuck in the surface. Rohit shapes to pull but ends up short-arm flapping in the gap between midwicket and mid-on. Rohit gets only two;
2.5;1;Cummins to Rahane, 1 run Rahane loves the ball coming into the bat. He late-cuts it from outside off to the left of backward point;
2.5;1w;Cummins to Rahane, 1 wide The direction is wrong from Cummins. He spears a back-of-a-length delivery down the leg side. Left alone;
2.4;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run short of a good length and skidding in towards middle and leg, 144ks, Rahane leaps off his feet and fends the ball to leg;
2.3;2;Cummins to Rahane, 2 runs good length - and not a half-volley - outside off, Rahane presses forward, drives on the up, and finds the gap at the covers;
2.2;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run good length and angling in on off, Rahane presses forward and pats the ball down to mid-on;
2.1;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run tight line on off, no lateral movement now, Rahane stretches out and smoothly pushes to cover;
1.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run Coulter-Nile cranks up to 141ks, finds that gentle outswing again, Rohit isn't tempted. Excellent start from the two Australia quicks;
1.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, 1 run short and wide outside off, 138ks, Rahane goes after it, upper-cutting the ball. But there is protection in the deep at third man;
1.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, no run length-ball awayswinger, starts just outside off and veers away, left alone again;
1.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, no run pitched up outside off, swings away a bit under overcast skies, Rahane presses forward, shelves the drive, and lets it go;
1.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, no run Coulter-Nile ventures wide of the crease again. This ball, though, holds its line outside off. Rahane opens the face and runs it to the same fielder;
1.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, no run back of a length and outside off, Rahane meets the ball with an open face, and glides it to point;
0.6;2;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs back of a length, angled in, but the line is too straight, allowing Rohit to tuck it away to the right of midwicket;
0.5;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run and again! Cummins hits 140ks and hits the gloves of Wade. Shorter than the previous ball and seams away outside off. Rohit had let this pass too;
0.4;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length and skids through the channel again, left alone. Wade takes it beside his head again;
0.3;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run much fuller, angled in, and shapes away around off, Rohit's back foot moves across leg stump as he opens the face and runs the ball towards point;
0.2;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run zipping through outside off to Wade. He grabs it in front of his head. Short, Cummins hits the deck hard and the ball flies through to the keeper;
0.1;1;Cummins to Rahane, 1 run wide of the crease but this full and largely holding its line outside off, 139ks, Rahane presses forward and drives it through backward point;

1.30pm Rohit and Rahane make their way out to the middle. Australia break away from a huddle. Cummins takes the new ball for the tourists. He tears in from over the wicket. Two slips in position. Let's roll!
Ribhav Bansal: "Interesting to note that none of the Aussies have played 100 ODI matches and 6 out of the playing 11 are going to play their first ODI on Indian soil. It may be this inexperience which can go against Australia in this series."
1.25pm The players line up for the national anthems. Advance Australia Fair followed by Jana Gana Mana. David Warner has a big smile on his face, Jadeja sporting a french beard
1.20pm Meanwhile, till this ODI gets under way, here's something for badminton fans. Just a little while ago, India's PV Sindhu won the Korea Open by beating Japan's Nozomi Okuhara in a much-awaited match.
1.15pm Refresh the homepage to join our experts Gautam Gambhir and Shaun Tait in RunOrder as we build-up to the series opener.
Soham Basak: "Manish at 4 in place of Rahul is perfect. Always felt he is our best bet at that position and should be given time to settle in and make the spot his own."
Phani: "Are Oz going the England way...Loading team with bits and pieces players like Cartwright, Stoinis, Faulkner but ignoring specialists like Handscomb? That too when Coulter Nile can use long handle and Maxi/ Head be steady bowling options."
1.10pm Dhaval : "What!! No Jadeja?? Who's gonna get the direct hits then?? Who's gonna run through the middle overs? " --- Jadeja wasn't in the squad in the first place and the form of the two wristspinners has been encouraging.
KL Rahul, meanwhile, misses the cut. Manish Pandey will take the No. 4 spot.. Arun tried to solve India's batting puzzle. Can the team management find a role for Rahane when the regular openers are back and ensure that Rahul doesn't feel shortchanged in the middle order
Snehil: "There was a lot of talk about the series being a showdown between the Top three of both the teams. But with Shikhar Dhawan and Aaron Finch not available for the first few ODIs that aspect has been somewhat dented."
Samraat: "@Mustafa Moudi in these 4 years ,Whole lot of things have changed. Smith has become of the best batsman in the world "
India XI: AM Rahane, RG Sharma, V Kohli(capt), MK Pandey, MS Dhoni(wk), KM Jadhav, HH Pandya, B Kumar, Kuldeep Yadav, YS Chahal, JJ Bumrah
Australia XI: DA Warner, HWR Cartwright, SPD Smith (capt), TM Head, GJ Maxwell, MP Stoinis, MS Wade(wk), JP Faulkner, PJ Cummins, NM Coulter-Nile, A Zampa
1.00 pm India win the toss and opt to bat first. Kohli says: "Rahane to open, Hardik at No. 7. No Jadeja today." Smith says: "Faulkner is back, Nathan Coulter-Nile is back."
Kane Richardson, Ashton Agar, Peter Handscomb and Aaron Finch are out
12.57 pm Pitch report: A dry pitch with a bunch of cracks. Sunil Gavaskar says the hardness of the pitch will allow bounce and spin. He says: "A pitch very good for batting."
Mustafa Moudi: "Last time when Australia visited India (For ODI Series), Bailey was the Captain while Smith was not even in the Squad. 4 Years later, the story is exact opposite !!" --- How times change, Bailey was in Lahore keeping wicket for World XI a couple of days back
12.52 pm Rajat: "Is DRS going to be there & is the series going to be played with the new rule? " -- Good question, Rajat. This series won't be following the new rules that are to be implemented from October 2017 because the series would've already started. The England-WI ODIs are excused too. And yes, there will be DRS. #brainfade
Anand Kumar has started reminscing: "That innings by MSD of 113* against Pak, undoubtedly the best innings I have ever seen after such a collapse. Marcus Stoinis' inning was another innings which will be cherished for long."
12.45pm krishna: "Any sign on who will walk in XI in place of Axar?" --- "Ravindra Jadeja, who replaced the injured Axar Patel, has joined the squad. He limbered up by bowling from a few steps," says Arun. Ditto with Mohd Shami, who may sit out this game. Bhuvneshwar and Bumrah are likely to be the two frontline seamers in the side
12.35pm Wristspin is among the new fads in limited-overs cricket, and the tourists are wary of Kuldeep Yadav, who had foxed them Dharamsala in March this year. Former India batsman, Aakash Chopra, meanwhile, explains what this series means for India in the lead-up to the 2019 World Cup.
Navin: "More than anythin its MS' return to Chennai.. In the local slang we call him 'Thala' .. Its the return of Thala :)"
Arun Venugopal from the ground: "Meanwhile, there was brief cheer at the MA Chidambaram Stadium last night following rumours of the three sealed stands - I, J and K - being thrown open to the public for the first ODI. The chairs in the stands were spruced up with a fresh coat of varnish. According to TNCA sources, the state body had approached the Tamil Nadu government seeking temporary relief. However, it emerged late in the evening that the stands would remain locked."
Sandy A: "@Kritesh: I am afraid, I can't agree with your statement. Even if they score 270, it means that bat has dominated the ball when you compare it with the 1980s when 180 used to be the par score. It is all about the game that had evolved over the years and batsman have found ways of scoring more runs. I say that bowlers delivering at the important situations should be good enough to say that they have dominated the batsman"
Venki: "Low-scoring or high-scoring, this match promises to be a thriller. More so, given the highly competitive nature of both these teams. Hoping for Rain Gods, and therefore Messrs. DLS to stay away from this game."
varun chaturved: "No rains for now...That's great. Just hope it's raining sixes and four at chepauk today. Though, a little help for the bowlers would be make the contest even between bat & ball. "
Dhiren: "I would love to see match like NZ vs AUS in world cup at Eden park where NZ won by 1 wicket. Low scoring but highly thriller and drama ! " --- I'm in. That was one heck of a match
12.30pm Australia confirm an ODI debut for allrounder Hilton Cartwright
kritesh: "I'm hoping for a "270 is a good score" kinda match. for too long the bat has been dominating the ball."
12.25pm It had rained overnight in Chennai and in the morning as well, but our correspondent Arun Venugopal brings a brighter update from the
MA Chidambaram Stadium: "The overcast skies have gradually made way for sunny skies. The stumps have been erected and the match is set to start on time."
India are fresh from a 9-0 drubbing of Sri Lanka across formats while Australia enter this rubber on the bank of a remarkable Test-series levelling victory in Bangladesh. Australia's ODI record on the road, since the 2015 World Cup, though, is far from promising: 14 losses in 26 matches. In fact, they have lost their last eight completed ODIs away from home.
They will be without Aaron Finch (calf injury), which means Hilton Cartwright is likely to be used as a stop-gap opener until Finch recovers. India have an injury issue of their own. Axar Patel, who sprained his ankle during a training session on the eve of the match, has been replaced by Ravindra Jadeja, who was initially rested/rotated out for this series.
Clinton Bill Ku: "Very excited and hope rain does not return to Chennai."
Snehil: "The last ODI series between these two sides played on Indian soil turned out to be one of the most enthralling bilateral ODI series of all time. A repeat of that would certainly prove to be a great advertisement for ODI cricket." --- Anybody for a low-scoring thriller?
12.15pm Good afternoon, and welcome to ESPNcricinfo's live ball-by-ball coverage of the series opener between India and Australia in Chennai. Once upon a time 300 was an imposing score, and not so long ago it was a safe score. Now, 300 is just not good enough. Case in point: the average first-innings score in India-Australia ODIs since the start of 2013 is 321. Nikhil Kalro sets up the scene for another runathon.
 Innings Start
10.15pm After Hardik Pandya and thala MS Dhoni thrilled the Chennai crowd and revived India to 281 for 7, rain cut Australia's chase to 164 in 21 overs. Bumrah sent Cartwright's off stump cartwheeling in his second over, then took an excellent catch to dismiss Smith. Warner flickered briefly as did Maxwell and Faulkner, but Australia were all at sea against India's wristspinners. Kuldeep and Chahal claimed combined figures of 9-0-63-5. Pandya, meanwhile, followed his career-best 83 with the wickets of Smith and Head, and also introduced his knuckle ball to the world. What a day for him!
"The cricket action may be done for the day, but jump right into espn.in for more interesting reading material, including this account on Bengaluru FC's stay in North Korea last week"
"Yeah, obviously we got ourselves into a good position," Steven Smith says. "We had them at 5 for 87 and let things off a bit. MS and Hardik had a great, match-winning partnership. The new ball was stopping and some skidded on. We lost too many wickets in the middle. You can't control the weather. No complaints, we weren't good enough and we were outplayed by India. I thought Cummins and Coulter-Nile bowled very well in the new ball and hopefully they can back it up in a couple of days' time. It was a tough wicket with the new ball, and then we went away from our plans too early."
"We spoke at the toss that we wanted to put on a big score," Kohli says. "We lost wickets but MS and Kedar played well. Hardik then (played well too), MS then finished it off like he does. Today was an example, Sri Lanka was the example of how good the middle and lower order can be. The bowlers were outstanding as well. It is a matter of giving players confidence. Hardik believes in himself, and his innings was the game-changer. He possesses all three skills equally and we are lucky to have him. Chahal is very brave and doesn't say no to any situation. Bhuvi and Bumrah very clinical and our bank bowlers. After the rain, we felt this was our best T20 attack. We can't have a more perfect combination."
"It was a good day for me," Man-of-the-Match Hardik Pandya says. "A couple of catches could have helped. I don't think anything has changed. I am the same Hardik I was a year back. Maybe people's thinking was changed. To be honest, when Mahi bhai was batting with me, we knew what Zampa was going to bowl. I am glad I am doing with the bat and bowl."
That's all she wrote for today. I'll leave you with Sid Monga's report. This is Deivarayan Muthu signing off on the behalf of Varun Shetty, and thanks for tuning in
20.6;1;Bumrah to Zampa, 1 run Bumrah nails a yorker on middle, squirted away to short fine leg. That is that. India win the series opener by 26 runs (D/L method). This is Australia's ninth successive ODI loss on the road, in completed matches;
20.5;1;Bumrah to Faulkner, 1 run dug short and outside off, another slower ball, swatted to long-on;
20.4;3;Bumrah to Zampa, 3 runs full and wide outside off, 109ks, Zampa slices it in the air, Jadhav races in from sweeper cover but the ball drops short of him;
20.3;1;Bumrah to Faulkner, 1 run really, really full on off, not a perfect yorker, squeezed down to long-on. There is a mix-up between the wickets. The throw from the deep, though, hits Faulkner on his back side;
20.3;1w;Bumrah to Faulkner, 1 wide slower short ball outside off, past the wild swing, off-side wide;
20.2;?;Bumrah to Faulkner, no run Faulkner extends his hands, slashes, and edges it behind. The ball dips on Dhoni who dives forward and gloves the ball. But he isn't sure if it's a clean catch. He has a wry smile. The soft signal from umpire Erasmus is out. They go to the TV umpire. Nope, Dhoni has grassed it;
20.1;?;Bumrah to Faulkner, no run very full and the exaggerated angle makes things difficult for Faulkner. Flicked away through midwicket. Faulkner farms the strike;
19.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Zampa, no run back of a length and outside off, punched on the up to extra cover;
19.5;1;Bhuvneshwar to Faulkner, 1 run full and wide outside off, scythed away through the covers;
19.4;1;Bhuvneshwar to Zampa, 1 run off-stump yorker, squeezed out;
19.3;1;Bhuvneshwar to Faulkner, 1 run full and straight on middle, drilled down to long-off;
19.2;W;Bhuvneshwar to Coulter-Nile, OUT Heaved flat and hard to Jadhav at deep midwicket. Good length slower one at 114ks, not sure if that was a knuckle ball. Coulter-Nile can't clear the man in the deep. Rohit gives Jadhav a leaping high-five;Nathan Coulter-Nile c Jadhav b Kumar 2 (9m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 40;
19.2;1w;Bhuvneshwar to Coulter-Nile, 1 wide wide of the crease and floated very wide outside off, well past the guideline, off-side wide;
19.1;1;Bhuvneshwar to Faulkner, 1 run middle-stump yorker, dragged to long-on off the toe end;
18.6;?;Bumrah to Coulter-Nile, no run another one, slower, fuller, wider outside off. Coulter-Nile does not spot the lack of pace. He slogs way too early;
18.5;?;Bumrah to Coulter-Nile, no run change-up slower ball outside off, 109ks offcutter, NCN swings early... and misses;
18.4;1;Bumrah to Faulkner, 1 run full-toss on off, punched down to long-on. The call from Faulker is for two but Australia have to settle with just one;
18.3;1;Bumrah to Coulter-Nile, 1 run The batsman moves away outside leg but Bumrah still troubles him with a yorker, jammed out for one;
18.2;1;Bumrah to Faulkner, 1 run Bumrah searches for the yorker, misses his length and offers up a full-toss on off, which is belted ram-rod straight down the ground, so much so it strikes the stumps at the non-striker's end;
18.1;4;Bumrah to Faulkner, FOUR runs just short of a good length and outside off, Faulkner throws his bat at the ball and sends a thick outside edge through where slip may have been;
17.6;1;Chahal to Faulkner, 1 run legbreak, starts outside off and spins away, slugged away to deep midwicket;
17.5;?;Chahal to Faulkner, no run skidding into leg stump, beats the flick, and raps the pad;
17.4;1;Chahal to Coulter-Nile, 1 run flat dart on off, whipped out to deep midwicket;
17.3;1;Chahal to Faulkner, 1 run faster and flatter on off, shovel-pulled away to deep midwicket;
17.2;6;Chahal to Faulkner, SIX runs tossed-up legbreak outside off, Faulkner clears his front leg and clatters it into the sightscreen. Lofted straight down the ground;
17.1;W;Chahal to Cummins, OUT The asking rate has ballooned. Cummins aims to prick the balloon with a slog over midwicket, against the break. But a top edge balloons to short third man. It started on middle and turned away to claim the edge;Pat Cummins c Bumrah b Chahal 9 (7m 7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 128.57;
16.6;2;Bhuvneshwar to Faulkner, 2 runs full on off, possibly a slower ball, as Faulkner swats it across the line to deep midwicket;
16.5;1;Bhuvneshwar to Cummins, 1 run backs away outside leg, meets a short ball and crisply forces it to the sweeper;
16.4;4;Bhuvneshwar to Cummins, FOUR runs shortish and outside off, powerfully heaved across the line to the right of deep midwicket. Cummins can smack it alright but is this beyond Australia;
16.3;1;Bhuvneshwar to Faulkner, 1 run really, really full on the leg stump, Faulkner squirts an inside edge to square leg;
16.2;1;Bhuvneshwar to Cummins, 1 run shortish on middle, flat-batted right back to the bowler, who takes some pace off the ball. It rolls down to long-on;
16.1;3;Bhuvneshwar to Faulkner, 3 runs Faulkner uses his feet, shorter on middle, punched to long-on. Pandey runs in and fumbles. The result is three;
15.6;1;Chahal to Faulkner, 1 run pushed through outside off, Faulkner drags a slog-sweep from outside off to deep midwicket;
15.5;1;Chahal to Cummins, 1 run Rahane runs in from long-off and drops it. Tossed up on middle, Faulkner backs away outside leg and lofts it to long-off, where Rahane shells it;
15.4;2;Chahal to Cummins, 2 runs regulation legbreak outside off, slashes and sends a thick outside edge past slip;
15.3;?;Chahal to Cummins, no run length-ball googly, breaks back in and bounces over off, Cummins aims to hit down the ground. No dice;
15.3;W;Chahal to Wade, 1 wide, OUT Wade steps down the track and flashes hard, Chahal drags his length back outside off and darts it wide outside off, well past the batsman's reach. Dhoni collects it and whips the bails off. Chepauk raises itself to a big roar again. More questions over Wade after a poor series with the bat in Bangladesh;Matthew Wade st ?Dhoni b Chahal 9 (17m 10b 1x4 0x6) SR: 90;
15.2;1;Chahal to Faulkner, 1 run Chahal drops another catch off his own bowling. Tossed outside off, grips, and turns away. The batsman eyes up a swipe across the line, against the turn. The ball balloons to the left of Chahal. He runs to his left, gets both his hands onto the ball, but can't cling on to this edge;
15.1;?;Chahal to Faulkner, no run really full and wide outside off, the batsman backs away outside leg and flat-bats it back to the bowler;
14.6;?;Hardik to Wade, no run hip-high short ball outside off, which is shovel-pulled away to square leg;
14.5;?;Hardik to Wade, no run Wade is hit on the grille of the helmet. Slower, short ball on leg stump, Wade is through with the hook. Ricochets into the helmet off the arm. India have been excellent with their cutters and slower balls;
14.5;1w;Hardik to Wade, 1 wide full cutter, floats down the leg side as Wade falls over a paddle sweep. Leg-side wide;
14.4;1;Hardik to Faulkner, 1 run just short of a good length and outside off, Faulkner chops it hard to deep point;
14.3;2;Hardik to Faulkner, 2 runs full on the pads, whipped away wide of deep midwicket. Faulkner hustles back for the second;
14.2;1;Hardik to Wade, 1 run yorker just a shade outside off, jammed out through cover-point;
14.1;2;Hardik to Wade, 2 runs full and sliding down leg, glanced easily to long leg;
13.6;?;Chahal to Faulkner, no run quickish slider, too full, Faulkner goes low for a slog sweep but is struck on the pad;
13.5;1;Chahal to Wade, 1 run looks like a googly, turning away from Wade outside off, he slogs at it and the edge swirls to where short third man may have been;
13.4;?;Chahal to Wade, no run pushed through flatter and faster, starts outside leg and spins in to beat the sweep and rap the front pad. The lbw appeal is shot down;
13.3;4;Chahal to Wade, FOUR runs tossed outside off, Wade runs down the track again, slugs it away to the left of Pandya at deep midwicket;
13.2;?;Chahal to Wade, no run Chahal has dropped a return catch! It wasn't an easy chance. Wade forays down the track, takes it on the full and drives it back to the bowler. Chahal sticks out his right hand but the ball does not stick. Not even on the rebound;
13.1;1;Chahal to Faulkner, 1 run Chahal lobs up a middle-stump full-toss, Faulkner flicks the ball out to deep midwicket;
12.6;?;Kuldeep to Wade, no run wrong'un, strikes him in front of off. He didn't pick that on the front foot. Not out says the umpire. May have been going over. There was also the sound of an inside edge;
12.5;1;Kuldeep to Faulkner, 1 run full at leg stump, flicked to deep midwicket;
12.4;1;Kuldeep to Wade, 1 run full toss at leg stump, tickled straight to short fine;
12.3;W;Kuldeep to Stoinis, OUT wrong'un. Good length outside off. Crouches early to set up for the slog sweep. But again, it's spinning away. He lifts it high towards deep midwicket and Jadeja takes it cleanly;Marcus Stoinis c sub (RA Jadeja) b Kuldeep Yadav 3 (28m 10b 0x4 0x6) SR: 30;
12.2;?;Kuldeep to Stoinis, no run good length at middle stump, spins into his mid-riff as he pushes forward;
12.1;?;Kuldeep to Stoinis, no run tossed up at off stump. Wrong'un. He's beaten and Dhoni has missed the ball and the stumping. Stoinis was outside;
11.6;W;Chahal to Maxwell, OUT holes out to long-on! Tossed up wide outside off. The perfect place for someone slogging across the line. On length, it's still hittable. But it's also turning away. He gets it off the toe and straight to the fielder. Chahal holds up his arms like everything was planned.;Glenn Maxwell c Pandey b Chahal 39 (25m 18b 3x4 4x6) SR: 216.66;
11.5;6;Chahal to Maxwell, SIX runs ohhhhh yesss. Pushed through at leg stump. Down on one knee again. It's so close to him but he gets under and launches it over square leg;
11.4;?;Chahal to Maxwell, no run full outside off, misses the reverse sweep. An emphatic, wild reverse sweep attempt;
11.3;?;Chahal to Maxwell, no run full outside off, down the track to drive through the off side. Mistimes it. Straight back at the bowler;
11.2;?;Chahal to Maxwell, no run full on leg stump. He goes for the sweep and it flies to square leg. Appears to be a bump ball. And the soft signal is not out as he goes upstairs...not out.;
11.1;1;Chahal to Stoinis, 1 run makes room early. This is full on middle stump. He slices it to sweeper cover;
10.6;?;Kuldeep to Maxwell, no run back of a length, wrong'un. Spins past his attempted switch-hit. He's beaten outside off;
10.5;6;Kuldeep to Maxwell, SIX runs uff! This is what they pay him for. Full one on leg stump. Slightly flat but he's down quickly. On one knee. Lifts it cleanly over the square leg boundary;
10.4;6;Kuldeep to Maxwell, SIX runs oh, so clean! What a striker of the ball. This is in his slot. Nicely looped full at middle stump. A short stride to get to the pitch and clobbered flat into the sightscreen;
10.3;6;Kuldeep to Maxwell, SIX runs good length at middle stump, not to the pitch with the slog sweep but he goes through. Gets under it, and lifts it over the midwicket boundary;
10.2;4;Kuldeep to Maxwell, FOUR runs short and spinning down leg. Pin drop silence as the crowd see Maxwell swivel and launch this over short fine. One bounce, into the long leg boundary;
10.1;?;Kuldeep to Maxwell, no run good length, outside off stump. Switches to a left-handed grip and tries to waft this over backward point. Cops it in the body.;
9.6;2;Chahal to Stoinis, 2 runs tossed up outside off, driven past extra cover and wide of long-off. Back for the second;
9.5;?;Chahal to Stoinis, no run length at middle stump, forward block;
9.4;?;Chahal to Stoinis, no run full and fast at middle stump and he goes for the sweep. Just manages to get bat. Just. Turned to short fine;
9.3;?;Chahal to Stoinis, no run no idea, Stoinis. Walks across to the off side. Not sure whether to go forward or back. Stuck in between. Awkward poke and he's trapped on the pad. HE was outside the line;
9.2;?;Chahal to Stoinis, no run a stumping referral to the third umpire. This one was outside off at a length. Spun away rapidly as he pushed right forward. His leg is in the air...but in the next frame, as Dhoni flicks the bails off, it has landed. He's safe.;
9.1;?;Chahal to Stoinis, no run short one on the leg stump. Looks to force it off the back foot, awkwardly. It lands pitch side on the off side off the leading edge;
8.6;?;Hardik to Maxwell, no run knuckle ball. Dug in short. He backs away to try and slap this behind square on the off side, but the change in pace does him. Beaten;
8.5;4;Hardik to Maxwell, FOUR runs whack. Some force on that from Maxwell. Old-fashioned slog after setting up deep in his crease. Midwicket was in and he picked this slower ball from outside off and slapped it past him;
8.4;4;Hardik to Maxwell, FOUR runs well played. Shuffles around, camps in the crease and waits for the shot ball to come to him. Third man is in and he slices this over him;
8.3;2;Hardik to Maxwell, 2 runs lands wide of mid-on who was backpedalling. Good length ball, slow and outside off. Looks to slice it over extra cover but it's off the toe and lobbed over the umpire. Pandey can't get to it;
8.2;?;Hardik to Maxwell, no run yorker at middle stump. Inside edge, onto pad and straight to mid-on via the bowler's fingertips;
8.1;?;Hardik to Maxwell, no run 144 kph. That was quick from Pandya. Maxwell was backing away early, so he followed him with a bouncer. Too quick to even attempt the shot. A stare from Pandya to cap it all;
7.6;W;Kuldeep to Warner, OUT good catch! It's a slider from Kuldeep. After the slow one that turns away from the corridor. This is straight through at the same line. Warner goes for the cut and gets a big outside edge. Dhoni takes a sharp one that nearly slides out of his gloves. A slight juggle to hold on to it. Kuldeep is ecstatic. Warner, less so.;David Warner c ?Dhoni b Kuldeep Yadav 25 (47m 28b 2x4 0x6) SR: 89.28;
7.5;?;Kuldeep to Warner, no run didn't pick it. On the back foot to this length ball at off stump. Spins away as he pokes at it;
7.4;?;Kuldeep to Warner, no run wrong'un, good length at off stump. Deflected off the inside half of the bat as he pushes forward at this;
7.3;?;Kuldeep to Warner, no run full at middle stump, jammed out to midwicket;
7.2;2;Kuldeep to Warner, 2 runs incredible shot. This is full, almost an overpitched one at middle. But he middles the sweep after getting right down. Gets it past square leg. Deep midwicket runs 20 yards to his left and slides to save the boundary;
7.1;2;Kuldeep to Warner, 2 runs back of a length at leg stump, pushed through square leg off the back foot;
6.6;1;Hardik to Warner, 1 run another offcutter, good length and on the pads. Flicked past short fine's dive. Deep backward square keeps it to one;
6.5;1;Hardik to Maxwell, 1 run back of a length at off stump. MAxwell already skipping leg side to make room. Slashes this hard, straight to sweeper cover;
6.4;W;Hardik to Head, OUT caught behind. Offcutters, slower ball, knuckle balls. Australia have not been able to get themselves in at all. This is a knuckle ball pushed wide, back of a length. Head has plenty of room. But he's early on the shot. Swings hard and gets an outside edge that lobs harmlessly through to Dhoni - almost dipping on him - and he completes a simple take;Travis Head c ?Dhoni b Pandya 5 (6m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 83.33;
6.3;1;Hardik to Warner, 1 run slower ball, short at middle stump. Looks to parry it past short fine but he's got a leading edge that lands in front of Kuldeep. He's too keen on the run out and is shaping to throw before gathering it. Fumbles and lets them through;
6.2;2;Hardik to Warner, 2 runs back of a length into the pads. An offcutter. Whipped uppishly to deep square's left;
6.1;1;Hardik to Head, 1 run slower ball, full at middle stump. Driven to sweeper with an open face;
5.6;1;Kuldeep to Head, 1 run tossed up at middle stump, driven firmly to long-on;
5.5;2;Kuldeep to Head, 2 runs back of a length outside off, cut past backward point and to sweeper's right;
5.4;1;Kuldeep to Warner, 1 run good length at leg stump, tucked into the open square leg region off the back foot;
5.3;?;Kuldeep to Warner, no run good length at middle stump, reverse sweep, straight to point;
5.2;1;Kuldeep to Head, 1 run short and wide, spins away a long way. Toe-ended cut to sweeper;
5.1;?;Kuldeep to Head, no run good length, spins back in at off stump. Stretches forward and pokes it back. Extra cover dives to his left to field;
4.6;W;Hardik to Smith, OUT out the next ball! If you think Bumrah's bowling action is queer, you should see this catch! This is a length ball, on middle stump. Straightens and climbs as he looks to flick this into the leg side. It's a top edge that flies over Bumrah at short fine leg. He runs backwards in pursuit...only to realise he has overdone it. By the time it comes down, he's facing the crowd. Extraordinarily, he arches backwards, puts up a reverse-cup and follows this swerving ball to hold on. As if the ball from the crowd! Stunning;Steven Smith c Bumrah b Pandya 1 (8m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 20;
4.5;?;Hardik to Smith, no run strikes him on the pads and he's on the back foot trying to shovel this into the leg side. Loud appeal. It hit him on the knee roll. No problem on height for sure. Deep in the crease. They've reviewed. Well, I'd make a terrible umpire. It hit him in line, but that was probably going over. Umpire's call. He survives;
4.4;3;Hardik to Warner, 3 runs in the air but he's safe. It's a slower ball, climbing on him from a length at off stump. He goes across the line but has to check his shot. Manages to chip it over midwicket;
4.3;1;Hardik to Smith, 1 run back of a length outside off, turned to deep square off the back foot;
4.2;?;Hardik to Smith, no run back of a length in the corridor, pushed to point off the back foot;
4.1;1;Hardik to Warner, 1 run back of a length in the corridor, pulled off the toe-end to long-on;
3.6;?;Bumrah to Smith, no run short and wide, slashes hard at it. It bounces rapidly over the outside edge;
3.5;W;Bumrah to Cartwright, OUT bowled him! Bumrah's length is tough to pick for most, let alone a debutant. He sits on the back foot. And swipes across the line on length. It's just short of good length and skids through, as it does for Bumrah. Just above knee height and into the off stump;Hilton Cartwright b Bumrah 1 (15m 8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 12.5;
3.4;1;Bumrah to Warner, 1 run good length at middle stump, tapped wide of mid-on off the back foot;
3.3;?;Bumrah to Warner, no run back of a length at off stump, pushes too hard as he looks to steal a single in the off side;
3.2;?;Bumrah to Warner, no run another slower one. This one spits off a length outside off. Shoulder of the bat and into the off side as he fends in front;
3.1;1lb;Bumrah to Cartwright, 1 leg bye offcutter, good length and in at off stump. Cops him in the back thigh as he stretches forward. Didn't pick that slower one. They scamper through and he has half-collapsed. Perhaps that was a little right of the inner thigh;
2.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run back of a length, swinging into his mid-riff. Bit of theatrics from Warner in his stance. But he can't tuck this past midwicket who hares to his right after Warner pushed towards mid-on;
2.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run full and swinging away from middle. Whips against the angle, straight to midwicket;
2.4;4;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, FOUR runs length and swinging into the pads. Warner leaps to smother the bounce and whips it well to the left of deep square. Used his wrists and timed that perfectly;
2.3;1;Bhuvneshwar to Cartwright, 1 run outside edge falls short of slip. Length and swinging away from the corridor. Wafts at it on the up and gets a big edge that lands to Rohit Sharma's right. He parries it towards third man;
2.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Cartwright, no run narrowly misses the off stump. Superb seam presentation. Good length, in at off stump and just flies through from above as Cartwright offers a big gap between bat and pad on his push;
2.1;1;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, 1 run slower ball, full and wide. Chases it with hard hands. Can only slice it to deep point. Uppish, but safe;
1.6;?;Bumrah to Cartwright, no run back of a length in the corridor, defended into the covers;
1.5;?;Bumrah to Cartwright, no run length and into the pads. Looks to tickle this fine, but he can only get pad on it. Dhoni collects down leg side. Feeble appeal is turned down;
1.4;?;Bumrah to Cartwright, no run lovely line. Good length and angled into the corridor. Late on this forward push as it straightens and zips past the outside edge;
1.3;?;Bumrah to Cartwright, no run back of a length at middle stump, defended to midwicket off the back foot;
1.2;1;Bumrah to Warner, 1 run back of a length on the pads, skids in quickly. Nudged off the inside edge to short fine, via thigh guard;
1.1;4;Bumrah to Warner, FOUR runs shot. Beautiful from Warner. This is overpitched on off stump. His front leg's out of the way but the bat comes down nice and straight. Punched past mid-off;
0.6;1;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, 1 run back of a length at off stump, lifts off after pitching. Takes the thick outside edge but he was playing with soft hands. Dribbles backward of point and they run through;
0.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run slower ball, full outside off stump. Looks to clatter it through the off side but he's forced to check his drive. A knuckle ball from the bowler;
0.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run back of a length outside off, just angle this time, no swing. Pushed to point with an open face;
0.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run back of a length, bending in at the thigh guard. Late to get his bat around and he awkwardly bunts it into the leg side;
0.3;1w;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, 1 wide good length, swinging down leg side and past his attempted flick;
0.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run back of a length, shaped in at middle stump. Defended off the back foot into the leg side;
0.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run back of a length, swinging in at the pads. Tucked to midwicket who is close in;

The bounce is still in there
 Innings Start
India
Australia
1st ODI (D/N), Chennai, Sep 17 2017, Australia tour of India
281/7
137/9
Player of the match is Hardik Pandya, INDIA
India won by 26 runs (D/L method)
