Data
7:41pm They don't make it the full 20 overs. It's another disappointing outing for Sri Lanka's batsmen. Malinga decided to bat first, felt it would give them more freedom. In many ways, that freedom has been their downfall. Some ordinary shots, some overambitious ones when rebuilding was required and it was a free for all by the end of it. Two wickets each for four Australian bowlers, and two run-outs that sum up the tangle Sri Lanka are in right now. We're back for the chase shortly.
18.6;W;Cummins to Sandakan, OUT sent upstairs for the run out. Slower length ball is slapped back into the non-striker's stumps and they take off for a run. Cummins goes back and rips the stumps out of the ground with the ball in his left hand. And he's caught him short.;Lakshan Sandakan run out (Cummins) 10 (14b 1x4 0x6) SR: 71.42;
18.5;?;Cummins to Sandakan, no run full on off stump, makes room and drives straight to extra cover;
18.4;1;Cummins to Pradeep, 1 run full on leg stump, backs away and drives to long-on;
18.3;1;Cummins to Sandakan, 1 run slower short ball at off stump, thick inside edge to deep midwicket on the pull;
18.2;?;Cummins to Sandakan, no run slower short ball just outside off. Under-edge on the cut, into the off side;
18.2;1w;Cummins to Sandakan, 1 wide short ball rising up sharply at a middle stump line. Jumps out of the way to let that go;
18.1;4;Cummins to Sandakan, FOUR runs short of a length and rising up at off stump. Backs away and has a swat at this. Top edge sails over the keeper;
17.6;1;Zampa to Sandakan, 1 run yorker length just outside off, jammed to sweeper cover;
17.5;1;Zampa to Pradeep, 1 run just out of Zampa's reach! Length ball on off stump, looks for the sweep and gets a top edge just in front of where mid-on would have been. Zampa runs backwards and stretches out his right hand and gets to it with a dive, but can't hold on;
17.4;?;Zampa to Pradeep, no run googly strikes him on the front foot but that is spinning down leg. Looked to defend that on the front foot;
17.3;W;Zampa to Malinga, OUT stumped next ball. Fuller and flatter and wider outside off. A slider, it appears. He steps out and gets too far leg side of it to make contact;Lasith Malinga st ?Carey b Zampa 9 (5b 2x4 0x6) SR: 180;
17.2;?;Zampa to Malinga, no run given lbw after stepping out. He reviews it. He didn't get a long way down on this. It's a length ball on off stump and a googly, that raps him in line. But this pitch does have a fair amount of bounce...yes, that is bouncing over leg stump. He survives.;
17.1;1;Zampa to Sandakan, 1 run dipping length ball on off stump. Looks to drive through the covers and gets a thick inside edge to deep backward square;
16.6;1;Kane Richardson to Sandakan, 1 run length on off stump, mistimed drive to mid-off on the rise;
16.5;?;Kane Richardson to Sandakan, no run slower length ball wide outside off, backs away and check-taps to extra cover;
16.4;?;Kane Richardson to Sandakan, no run just past leg stump. Length ball climbs past the attempted slog;
16.3;1;Kane Richardson to Malinga, 1 run short outside off, looks for the hook, gets a top edge out to third man;
16.2;4;Kane Richardson to Malinga, FOUR runs launched to the extra cover boundary! Malinga looks an angry man. Length ball on middle stump, makes room and whacks it on the up over extra cover;
16.1;4;Kane Richardson to Malinga, FOUR runs slapped past mid-off! Sri Lanka have 100. Length on off stump, makes room and gives this a tennis forehand to get it to the fielder's left on the bounce;
15.6;2;Cummins to Sandakan, 2 runs sliced over point. Short of a length at off stump, walks into the leg side and heaves at this. Third man cleans up;
15.5;?;Cummins to Sandakan, no run short and up at off stump. Defended hurriedly into the off side;
15.4;W;Cummins to Udana, OUT top edge straight out to deep square. Full speed short ball this time, up at his throat. He's on the front foot and has a swat at it with no control. Richardson hangs on low in front;Isuru Udana c Richardson b Cummins 10 (14b 0x4 0x6) SR: 71.42;
15.3;?;Cummins to Udana, no run beaten on the hook. Slower short ball gets awkward and he can't connect;
15.2;2;Cummins to Udana, 2 runs mistimed but safely between the backpedaling mid-on and deep midwicket. Short of a length at off stump. Backs away and has a swat at this. It comes off the inside half of the bat;
15.1;?;Cummins to Udana, no run length on off stump, defended into the covers from the crease;
14.6;?;Zampa to Sandakan, no run length on off stump, solidly blocked on the front foot;
14.5;?;Zampa to Sandakan, no run short of a length and turning away just outside off. Pushed down the pitch off the back foot;
14.4;W;Zampa to Hasaranga de Silva, OUT completely beaten by flight. This is lobbed right up, but a tad wider than all his previous deliveries. Looks like room and that has Hasaranga running at it. But he doesn't make the pitch and this bounces past his bat. Carey with barely any haste. Takes his time, because there's plenty;Wanindu Hasaranga de Silva st ?Carey b Zampa 10 (11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 90.9;
14.3;1;Zampa to Udana, 1 run length on off stump, looks to drive through the off side again. Gets a thick inside edge again. This time he won't steal a second;
14.2;2;Zampa to Udana, 2 runs full on off stump, looks to force a drive through the covers, gets a thick inside edge to trickle into the vacant square leg area;
14.1;1;Zampa to Hasaranga de Silva, 1 run length on leg stump, jumps down to the pitch of it and drills it to long-on's left;
13.6;?;Agar to Udana, no run full and flat, 103kph, just outside off. Jammed back down the pitch and he dives to his left to stop;
13.5;1;Agar to Hasaranga de Silva, 1 run length on leg stump, poked into the vacant midwicket region;
13.4;2;Agar to Hasaranga de Silva, 2 runs length on leg stump, flicked with soft hands, well in front of deep square. Allows them an easy second;
13.3;1;Agar to Udana, 1 run short of a length on leg stump, whipped to long leg off the back foot;
13.2;2;Agar to Udana, 2 runs length on leg stump, leans in and flicks to long-on;
13.1;1;Agar to Hasaranga de Silva, 1 run length on off stump, stays deep in the crease and jabs this to long-on;
12.6;1;Zampa to Hasaranga de Silva, 1 run length on middle stump, nudged with the angle to midwicket;
12.5;2;Zampa to Hasaranga de Silva, 2 runs nice looking shot, bursts through the hands of extra cover. Length ball on off stump, steps out and pummels this on the rise with the turn. Sweeper is forced to clean up behind Finch;
12.4;1;Zampa to Udana, 1 run length outside off, leans in and pushes to backward point's right off the thick edge;
12.3;?;Zampa to Udana, no run length on leg stump, looks to flick on the front foot but cops it on the pad;
12.2;1;Zampa to Hasaranga de Silva, 1 run full and fast at off stump. Gets the front leg into the leg side and has an inelegant heave to get this out to deep midwicket;
12.1;?;Zampa to Hasaranga de Silva, no run short of a length and just outside off, tapped to point off the front foot;
11.6;1;Stanlake to Hasaranga de Silva, 1 run short of a length outside off, gets on his toes and runs this down to third man;
11.5;1;Stanlake to Udana, 1 run length on off stump, dropped into the covers with soft hands. Stanlake with a lazy attempt at getting down to that, allows a run;
11.4;?;Stanlake to Udana, no run length on off stump, watchfully defended from the crease;
11.3;?;Stanlake to Udana, no run short and angled in at leg stump. Ducks under this;
11.2;W;Stanlake to Shanaka, OUT big appeal for catch behind and a late signal from the umpire. Shanaka is caught down the leg side and he isn't going to review. A steep short ball starting at a middle stump line and going down leg. He has a swish at it from underneath and can only manage to get the high part of this outside edge on it. Quick feet from Carey before he holds on comfortably;Dasun Shanaka c ?Carey b Stanlake 1 (3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
11.1;?;Stanlake to Shanaka, no run short of a length just outside off, defended into the covers off the back foot;
10.6;?;Agar to Hasaranga de Silva, no run length and a bit of turn away after this dips on an off stump line. Static feet as he drops this into the covers;
10.5;W;Agar to Perera, OUT chopped onto his off stump! Perera is crestfallen. It's an arm ball from Agar, short of a length and just outside off. And after two balls of quality batting against spin, he's had a hurried chop at this to try and get runs behind square on the off side. It slides on, there's no room, and that's the end of him;Kusal Perera b Agar 27 (19b 2x4 1x6) SR: 142.1;
10.4;2;Agar to Perera, 2 runs length on leg stump, expertly dabbed into the vacant midwicket region with soft hands;
10.3;6;Agar to Perera, SIX runs oh crisp! That is excellent footwork. Agar is pushing them in flat and straight so it's a matter of getting to the pitch of this length ball - and he does that quickly and drills this to long-on's right;
10.2;1;Agar to Shanaka, 1 run length on off stump, leans in and flicks to deep square with the angle;
10.1;1;Agar to Perera, 1 run short of a length and pushed across off stump, punched to long-on off the back foot;
9.6;W;Cummins to Dickwella, OUT leading edge caught at cover! Back of a length on off, some extra bounce trouble him as he tried to turn the face to work it to leg, gets a leading edge that balloons to cover. Easy catch for Turner;Niroshan Dickwella c Turner b Cummins 5 (3b 1x4 0x6) SR: 166.66;
9.5;1;Cummins to Perera, 1 run 120kph, short slower ball, he pulls making sure he rolls the wrists to get it down. They push for two but it's not on;
9.4;1;Cummins to Dickwella, 1 run 139kph, back of a length on off, he's back and across to knock this square of midwicket;
9.3;4;Cummins to Dickwella, FOUR runs scoops over the keeper first ball! Length ball top of off, he set up early and scooped it high over the keeper's head, Stanlake ran around from third man and nearly caught it! It just beat him and went over the rope on the bounce;
9.2;1;Cummins to Perera, 1 run 121kph, shorter slower ball, he cuts, checking the stroke to deep point;
9.1;4;Cummins to Perera, FOUR runs driven beautifully wide of mid off. Glorious stroke. Slightly over-pitched and he punches a drive into the gap with superb timing;
8.6;1;Agar to Perera, 1 run flatter and shorter, he pulls to deep midwicket;
8.5;W;Agar to Fernando, OUT skied straight up and Cummins comes in from long on to take it well! He charged early, Agar held it back a touch, slower with some turn away, he was beaten in flight and launched it straight up in the air, Cummins runs in from the fence to the circle to take the catch rolling forward;Avishka Fernando c Cummins b Agar 17 (16b 1x4 0x6) SR: 106.25;
8.4;1;Agar to Perera, 1 run he charges, 85kph, tries to swing hard, he gets a thick inside edge to short fine;
8.3;1;Agar to Fernando, 1 run very full, he gives room and drives firmly to long off;
8.2;1;Agar to Perera, 1 run flatter on leg, 96kph, he clips this off the pads through midwicket to the sweeper;
8.1;1;Agar to Fernando, 1 run 89kph, tossed up slower, he slog sweeps but mistimes it over midwicket, only gets one;
7.6;1;Zampa to Fernando, 1 run slid through on leg, he tries to whip, gets a thick inside edge onto pad and it rolls into the leg side;
7.5;4;Zampa to Fernando, FOUR runs lofted magnificently over cover! Picked the leg break, it was wide of off, he was down on one knee and lacing this over cover with power;
7.4;1;Zampa to Perera, 1 run shorter and wider, he is back and cutting firmly to deep point;
7.3;?;Zampa to Perera, no run brilliant wrong un, beats him for bounce and spin;
7.2;1;Zampa to Fernando, 1 run he charges and gets an inside edge to a wrong un he didn't pick, it runs to short fine. He was fortunate to get away with it;
7.1;1;Zampa to Perera, 1 run 88kph, short with some width, he hammers a cut to deep point;
6.6;1;Agar to Perera, 1 run tossed up on leg, he drives to long on;
6.5;?;Agar to Perera, no run 90kph on the pads, he paddle pulls straight to short fine;
6.4;1;Agar to Fernando, 1 run 102kph, arm ball, short and wide, he slaps this hard through cover but hit too well to pinch two to the sweeper;
6.3;1;Agar to Perera, 1 run slower and shorter, he's back and pulling hard behind square;
6.2;1;Agar to Fernando, 1 run quicker and shorter, he pulls this hard to long on;
6.1;1;Agar to Perera, 1 run darted into the pads, he knocks it forward of square;
5.6;?;Stanlake to Fernando, no run 148kph, back of a length, fourth stump, too close to cut and he misses trying to run it to third man;
5.5;2;Stanlake to Fernando, 2 runs length ball, he nails a pick up pull shot high over forward square, it just lands short of the rope and Richardson does well to knock it back in and prevent a boundary.;
5.4;1lb;Stanlake to Perera, 1 leg bye 143kph, shorter length into the hip, it comes off the thigh guard to short fine;
5.3;4;Stanlake to Perera, FOUR runs what a shot! Straight drive of the highest quality! 140kph, on the up he just punches through the line past the stumps for four. Cracking stroke;
5.2;W;Stanlake to Gunathilaka, OUT Bowled him! Just knocked off the off bail! This was a good length, Gunathilaka backed away and tried swing this down the ground, he missed completely and it just knocked the bail off the stumps.;Danushka Gunathilaka b Stanlake 21 (22b 2x4 1x6) SR: 95.45;
5.1;1;Stanlake to Fernando, 1 run 147kph, full into leg, he whips through midwicket but the fielder gets a hand on it to knock it down;
4.6;4;Cummins to Gunathilaka, FOUR runs edged and it flies over a vacant slip cordon. Back of a length angled across, he thrashed his hands at it, got a thick edge and it flies safely to fine third man;
4.5;1;Cummins to Fernando, 1 run angled into leg, he swings this away to wide fine leg but picks out the fielder;
4.4;1;Cummins to Gunathilaka, 1 run 141kph, he clears the front leg and smears this in the air just wide of mid off, it was mistimed badly but it fell safely;
4.3;?;Cummins to Gunathilaka, no run 137kph, back of a length, he punched off the back foot to backward point and Maxwell makes a nice diving save;
4.2;?;Cummins to Gunathilaka, no run 139kph, back of a length on off, he's half forward, defending off the sticker of the bat;
4.1;1;Cummins to Fernando, 1 run 137kph, back of a length on the hip, he works this nicely through square leg to the sweeper;
3.6;?;Stanlake to Gunathilaka, no run 106kph, back of a the hand slower ball, he spots it late and defends well;
3.5;6;Stanlake to Gunathilaka, SIX runs scoops this for six! Brilliant. This was the right line. 146kph angled into leg, he stepped inside the line and flipped it over the keeper and over the sightscreen!;
3.4;2;Stanlake to Gunathilaka, 2 runs backs away and lofts this high over backward point and it lands safely as three fielders converge at wide third man. They sprint well for two. Gunathilaka had to dive in;
3.3;4;Stanlake to Gunathilaka, FOUR runs mown powerfully past midwicket! This was short and he was in position to nail it. He placed it past the man in a catching type position at midwicket and it raced away;
3.2;?;Stanlake to Gunathilaka, no run 140kph, back of a length, he miscues a pull that falls just short of mid on;
3.1;?;Stanlake to Gunathilaka, no run attempted ramp to a 147kph, full rocket outside off, he bails out and defends;
2.6;2;Kane Richardson to Fernando, 2 runs 136kph, he plays a front foot pull, lofting it high without timing just outside the ring at midwicket;
2.5;?;Kane Richardson to Fernando, no run 139kph, back of a length, middle and off, he's squared up but defending with a full face to mid on;
2.4;1;Kane Richardson to Gunathilaka, 1 run 110kph, short ball, higher, he miscues a pull shot forward of square but it was mistimed getting to the man in the deep;
2.3;?;Kane Richardson to Gunathilaka, no run 135kph, shorter length, skidding on, he swivels on a pull but gets it off a bottom edge to short fine leg;
2.2;?;Kane Richardson to Gunathilaka, no run 137kph, fuller on middle, he check drives neatly but back to the bowler;
2.1;?;Kane Richardson to Gunathilaka, no run 137kph, he pokes and misses at a good length ball that shapes away outside off;
1.6;?;Stanlake to Fernando, no run 144kph, bumper to Avishka, he sways inside the line well, watching it fly past his chest;
1.5;1;Stanlake to Gunathilaka, 1 run 145kph, fuller on leg, he works this off the front foot to midwicket for a single;
1.4;W;Stanlake to Gunathilaka, OUT A horror mix up! This is disastrous. It was just bunted to cover point off the back foot, Gunathilaka called yes and then didn't run. Mendis came all the way and then went back. Turner moved to his right at cover-point, fired at the bowler's end and missed but Agar ran in backing up, gathered and underarmed it onto the stumps to beat Mendis as he lunged back.;Kusal Mendis run out (Turner/Agar) 1 (4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
1.3;?;Stanlake to Gunathilaka, no run 140kph, shorter length into the hip, he knocks this down to midwicket;
1.2;?;Stanlake to Gunathilaka, no run 138kph, drive and miss again trying flay this on the up as it flies past the edge to the keeper;
1.1;?;Stanlake to Gunathilaka, no run 137kph, back of a length and climbing outside off, he flashes and misses;
1.1;1w;Stanlake to Gunathilaka, 1 wide 136kph, fired way down the leg side and called wide;
0.6;?;Kane Richardson to Mendis, no run dropped by Smith at point! Nearly a screamer! Short and wide, cut hard to backward point, Smith's flying full stretch with one hand to his right, it doesn't hit the middle of the hand and it drops down. That would have been one of the all time great catches;
0.5;1;Kane Richardson to Gunathilaka, 1 run 135kph, shorter length, he's squared up on the back foot, gets a thick outside edge that runs along the ground to third man;
0.4;1;Kane Richardson to Mendis, 1 run 136kph, back of a length swinging into the hip, he tucks this forward of square;
0.4;1w;Kane Richardson to Mendis, 1 wide 133kph, shaping way down the leg side and called wide;
0.3;?;Kane Richardson to Mendis, no run beaten, just fending at good length outside the off stump;
0.2;?;Kane Richardson to Mendis, no run 131kph, fuller length outside off, he pushes on the up to cover-point;
0.1;1;Kane Richardson to Gunathilaka, 1 run 131kph, back of a length swinging wide, he cuts in the air through a vacant gully to third man;

6.08pm Players are out on the ground. Glenn Maxwell is on the mic and saying the Australians will try and force the Sri Lankans to hit square to then big boundaries. Gunathilaka and Kusal Mendis opening. Gunathilaka on strike to Kane Richardson. One slip in.
5.55pm The surface looks a belter. It was used in a 50-over Marsh Cup game between Queensland and South Australia last week.
Sumant : "Saw the scorecard for that Marsh Cup game. Must have been a thriller. Didn't know Zampa can bat." Phenomenal innings. He can play a bit. Rarely gets a chance. He took down Billy Stanlake in that innings.
The disbelief from Sri Lankan fans is palpable at that team list. Meanwhile, Lachlan is the lone man querying the Australian XI.
Lachlan: "Guess my hope for Abbott is in vain. I know Stanlake is quick and can generate bounce but I always have a soft spot for Abbott. Hope he can get a game sometime as he is a good bowler and can bat a bit"
Mal: "Are you asking for comments on the Aus team? OK then. I can't believe people still get married. In this day and age!"
5.40pm Toss Sri Lanka has won the toss and will bat first.
Lasith Malinga: "I think it will help us play a little more free. The important thing is we adjust to the conditions. We have made three changes. Oshada, Bhanuka and Kasun Rajitha are not playing. Avishka, Dickwella and Isuru have come in."
Aaron Finch: "I was a bit undecided. I was leaning towards batting first. But there feels like there's some dew around in the last half an hour. So that was swaying me to bowl. Bowling first, I'm not too disappointed. Billy Stanlake comes in. He can get bounce out of most pitches. It's exciting for him on his home ground."
Teams - Australia: Aaron Finch (c), David Warner, Steve Smith, Glenn Maxwell, Ashton Turner, Alex Carey (wk), Ashton Agar, Patrick Cummins, Kane Richardson, Adam Zampa, Billy Stanlake.
Sri Lanka: Lasith Malinga (c), Dhanushka Gunathilaka, Kusal Mendis, Avishka Fernando, Kusal Perera (wk), Niroshan Dickwella, Dasun Shanaka, Wanindu Hasaranga, Isuru Udana, Lakshan Sandakan, Nuwan Pradeep.
DA: "Wrong set of changes from the SL camp imho. Dropping the inform Oshada and Bhanuka after ONE bad outing and retaining Kusal Mendis who's consistently vulnerable in quick bouncy tracks and KJP who has been struggling since the NZ series at home. Outrageous!" They are amazing team changes. I wasn't sure I'd heard Lasith Malinga correctly at the toss.
Charith Kulasek: ""I think it will help us play a little more free. The important thing is we adjust to the conditions. We have made three changes. Oshada, Bhanuka and Kasun Rajitha are not playing. Avishka, Dickwella and Isuru have come in." Just failed in one game new comers out and incomes the non performing replacements other than Udana. WTH is going on with SL Cricket......"
Yashoda Thiwank: "Oshada & Bhanuka only two batsmen who succeed during Pakistan tournament. What a surprise by the loyal captain and the selectors. Love SL Cricket. "
Similar themes to the comments coming through ...
5.30pm Conditions look good at the Gabba. The surface looks magnificent. The players were doing some slips catching and they were checking for dew on the ground. Should be fine though.
The big news in the cricket world is Shakib Al Hasan's ban for failing to report approaches from bookmakers to the ICC's anti-corruption unit.
Mohammad Isam has been on the ground in Dhaka providing outstanding coverage. Sambit Bal has tried to unravel just what Shakib was thinking?
5.10pm Hello and welcome to the Gabba for the 2nd T20 international between Australia and Sri Lanka. Sri Lanka will be hopeful of bouncing back after a drubbing in Adelaide.
Alex Malcolm in commentary with you this evening and Varun Shetty will be joining me.
Andrew Fidel Fernando has written the preview. No news on the teams yet although Australia will definitely be without Mitchell Starc who is attending his brother's wedding. Sri Lanka could make a change or two. Kasun Rajitha could make way after his unwanted record spell. Isuru Udana is the likely replacement. Niroshan Dickwella may also play in place of Kusal Perera but we shall wait and see.
Some news today in Australia, Dan Brettig is reporting that Victoria coach Andrew McDonald looks set to become Australia's new assistant coach while being be allowed to continue his overseas short-form roles as the coach of Birmingham in England's new Hundred competition and coach of the Rajasthan Royals in the IPL.
Abhijato: "Maxwell is in form (as always in this format). Time for more elongated heroics from him today! The Sri Lankan bowlers must be biting their nails ..."
Dan Brettig also spoke to Glenn Maxwell last week and the conversation was enlightening.
Prasanth: "Absense of Mitchel Starc will probably give Srilankans a breath to build up a good opening stand. I am sure they will opt to bat if wins the toss and thinking of a score around 160 and defend with the spinning options. "
 Innings Start
9:18pm And that is all from us tonight. See you again for the final T20I.
Warner: It's fantastic. Credit goes to our bowlers for being disciplined on this pitch. The boys hit their length rights and we tried to push them on the back foot and play cross-bat shots. I've been hitting them as well as i can in the nets but at the end of the day, it's what you do in the middle that counts. It's fantastic batting with Smith again. What I do know is we're going to run a lot.
David Warner is the Man of the Match.
Finch: It was pretty clinical, it was a nice game. The way we started with the ball, we set the tone. The way Steve and Davey went about it was world class. At the end of the day, the bowler is acocuntable for the ball he delivers, that makes my job easy. They've taken that onus over the last 12 months. Makes a difference having two of the best players in the world available. Their knowledge of the game, the amount they've played around the world. We're still fifth in the world, we want to get that going in the right direction and maybe look at some combinations [next match] as well.
Malinga: They're a tough side. It's not a tough score for this kind of a batting line up. Batsmen have to show responsibility. Those seven batsmen need to bat 20 overs. It's a good bowling line-up but still, shot selection wasn't great. They didn't get any partnerships in the middle. The only positive is that it counts as preparation for the World Cup. We've to go home and think about how to deal with these conditions. We want to win one match here. The young team will get confidence.
9:05pm Australia go up 2-0, which means they've sealed a series win with seven overs to spare. Nothing really improved for Sri Lanka today. The difference in quality was just as wide as it was in the first game. The decisions from their batsmen didn't improve, the bowling wasn't all that better and there were poor moments on the field as well. For Australia, a minor glitch - Finch caught down leg side first ball, but only for Warner and Smith to come together and cruise this. Fifties for both, a bit of confidence, and just an overall top night.
13.1;1w;Hasaranga de Silva to Warner, 1 wide wide. And that's the game! Easy peasy. A short ball down leg side, he can't get bat on that;
12.6;1;Sandakan to Warner, 1 run length on off stump, driven to long-off with the turn;
12.5;?;Sandakan to Warner, no run length on off stump, steps out and bat-pads this as he looks to flick;
12.4;?;Sandakan to Warner, no run length on off stump, tapped to extra cover;
12.3;4;Sandakan to Warner, FOUR runs pummeled down the pitch. Short of a length and sitting up nicely for him. He stays on the crease and gets this to fizz past the bowler and then beats long-off's attempt to the left;
12.2;?;Sandakan to Warner, no run another rip-the-stumps run out at the other end. This one has been sent upstairs. Warner smashed it back and Smith was walking down a long way. Sandakan had the ball in one hand and the stump in the other. No contact at all between the two, which is how it's supposed to be done. Smith was way outside and would've been out but Sandakan's erred over there;
12.1;1;Sandakan to Smith, 1 run length on middle stump, steps out and flicks to long-on;
11.6;?;Pradeep to Warner, no run slower ball at a length outside off, punched on the up to extra cover;
11.5;1;Pradeep to Smith, 1 run slower short ball outside off, slapped out to sweeper cover;
11.4;?;Pradeep to Smith, no run length and just outside off, driven on the rise to mid-off;
11.3;1lb;Pradeep to Warner, 1 leg bye slower ball at a length on leg stump. Looks to flick and he's beaten. Caught right in front of the stumps on the back thigh and a big appeal...and then a late decision to review the not out call. Did that pitch in line? He's bowling from over the wicket...no, pitching outside leg. Decision stands;
11.2;?;Pradeep to Warner, no run length on off stump, dropped to point with soft hands;
11.2;1w;Pradeep to Warner, 1 wide short ball pushed across off stump. Lets that go;
11.1;1;Pradeep to Smith, 1 run length on middle stump, shuffles and flicks to fine leg;
10.6;1;Sandakan to Smith, 1 run fifty. Length ball sliding across the corridor. Gets forward and punches to long-off on the rise;
10.5;?;Sandakan to Smith, no run length on off stump, defended into the leg side on the front foot;
10.4;4;Sandakan to Smith, FOUR runs too easy. Short and wide outside off, backs away to make some room and chops this late to beat the infield;
10.3;1;Sandakan to Warner, 1 run length and sliding into middle stump, stabbed into the midwicket region off the back foot and then survives the run out. Sandakan has gone all the way to midwicket to slide and pick up and aim, but no one from the off side has come up to the stumps. Warner was sent back on the second and had given up as the throw came in from just outside the circle;
10.2;?;Sandakan to Warner, no run length on off stump, defended to extra cover's left with the turn;
10.1;4;Sandakan to Warner, FOUR runs dropped short and wide outside off, gets onto the back foot and hammers this past extra cover;
9.6;4;Malinga to Smith, FOUR runs driving powerfully straight of mid off! Wow. The punch with the bottom hand and it ran to the rope like a bullet. He flushed it;
9.5;2;Malinga to Smith, 2 runs 132kph, full on off, he slices a drive inside out past point, he immediately calls two and gets it;
9.4;4;Malinga to Smith, FOUR runs 131kph, half volley on leg stump, he whips powerfully behind square and finds the rope;
9.3;?;Malinga to Smith, no run 127kph low full toss outside off, he checks a drive to mid off;
9.2;1;Malinga to Warner, 1 run 133kph, short ball, he pulls with ease to deep square;
9.1;1;Malinga to Smith, 1 run 129kph, back of a length and some late shape away, he gets a leading edge closing the face but it runs to cover for a single;
8.6;2;Sandakan to Warner, 2 runs flatter and shorter, he's back and pulling powerfully to the gap at deep midwicket, they push for three but only get two;
8.5;1;Sandakan to Smith, 1 run shorter on middle, with all the time in the world, he's back and working it behind square;
8.4;1;Sandakan to Warner, 1 run 79kph, slower on leg, he's back and pushing this to long on;
8.3;2;Sandakan to Warner, 2 runs tossed up, he skips down and drives firmly wide of long off and they get two;
8.2;4;Sandakan to Warner, FOUR runs reverse lap sweep picks the gap! He placed it ok but the short third man and backward point had to do better there. It wasn't nailed;
8.1;?;Sandakan to Warner, no run nearly a run out. He's back and cutting to point, they wanted one but Smith wisely sent him back and he had to dive in;
7.6;1;Udana to Warner, 1 run 100kph slower ball, he bunts this ball to cover for an easy one;
7.5;1;Udana to Smith, 1 run 102kph, slower ball, he miscues off the inside edge onto pad and it drops down, Warner calls him through for a very tight but well run one;
7.4;1;Udana to Warner, 1 run 131kph, very full outside off, he drives to the man on the circle at mid off and they sprint one;
7.3;4;Udana to Warner, FOUR runs pulled over short fine! 129kph short into the body, he rode the bounce and just helped it on it's way around the corner over short fine;
7.2;1;Udana to Smith, 1 run 121kph, shorter length, he's back and running this easily to third man;
7.1;2;Udana to Smith, 2 runs 128kph, short and wide, he hammers a cut shot past point, stretching the sweeper on the rope, they get two;
6.6;2;Sandakan to Warner, 2 runs short and wide, 81kph, he cuts to cover, Malinga dives and knocks it down, but Warner and Smith are so quick they pinch a second as Malinga gets up to recover;
6.5;1;Sandakan to Smith, 1 run 79kph, tossed up, he pushes a drive to long off;
6.4;1;Sandakan to Warner, 1 run tossed up, 77kph, he drives but gets a thick inside edge through square leg;
6.3;1;Sandakan to Smith, 1 run 82kph, shorter length, he's back and punching to deep cover-point;
6.2;1;Sandakan to Warner, 1 run 81kph, shorter length on middle, he gives room to cut to deep point;
6.1;1;Sandakan to Smith, 1 run stock ball, not much spin, he's back and working it with the spin to midwicket;
5.6;1;Udana to Smith, 1 run 102kph, slower ball on leg, he whips this through square leg;
5.5;1;Udana to Warner, 1 run 104kph, slower ball, back of a length outside leg, he stays leg side and late cuts to short third man for a single;
5.4;?;Udana to Warner, no run 133kph, full on leg, he stays leg side and crunches a drive straight to mid on;
5.3;1;Udana to Smith, 1 run 134kph, wide half volley, he hammers a square drive to deep point;
5.2;2;Udana to Smith, 2 runs 129kph, short ball, he's back and pulling well infront of square, didn't nail it, gets an easy two;
5.2;1w;Udana to Smith, 1 wide 103kph, slower ball, dragged way down leg and called wide;
5.1;?;Udana to Smith, no run 127kph, full on off, he plays a glorious on drive straight to mid on;
4.6;4;Hasaranga de Silva to Warner, FOUR runs cut past point! Easy pickings. Four boundaries in the over. One good shot, one misfield, and two bad balls punished. That was too short and wide and it was just placed in the gap;
4.5;4;Hasaranga de Silva to Warner, FOUR runs drag down long hop smacked through square leg! Just a bad ball and it was crunched;
4.4;4;Hasaranga de Silva to Warner, FOUR runs cut hard and a misfield at point! This should have been stopped by the man diving to his right at point. He completely missed it;
4.3;?;Hasaranga de Silva to Warner, no run flatter and shorter, he's back and cutting from tight to off, finds point;
4.2;4;Hasaranga de Silva to Warner, FOUR runs 85kph leg break and he's down and sweeping up and over short fine! Skilful stroke. He premeditated and executed well;
4.1;1;Hasaranga de Silva to Smith, 1 run shorter length, he's back and punching this through midwicket to the sweeper;
3.6;4;Pradeep to Warner, FOUR runs thumped down the ground! 135kph, half volley in the slot, he plays a full blooded drive straight of mid off. Dismissive stroke. He just stood and admired his work;
3.5;?;Pradeep to Warner, no run 137kph, full toss, he mistimes a drive to mid off, immediately calls no and sends Smith back;
3.4;3;Pradeep to Smith, 3 runs 112kph, slower ball on leg, he glances this past short fine leg, great placement, and brilliant running to get three as deep square comes around;
3.3;1;Pradeep to Warner, 1 run 136kph, very full outside off, he pushes a drive to mid off and pinches a single;
3.2;1;Pradeep to Smith, 1 run 135kph, good length, fifth stump line, he's back and across and working this through square leg;
3.1;1lb;Pradeep to Warner, 1 leg bye 109kph, slower ball on leg, it comes off pad and rolls to short fine and they pinch a leg bye;
2.6;4;Malinga to Smith, FOUR runs magnificent straight drive! Over-pitched on a fourth stump line, he's back in line with the ball and driving superbly back past Malinga and down the ground the sight screen;
2.5;2;Malinga to Smith, 2 runs 115kph, slower ball on leg, he's glancing this off the pads to fine leg;
2.4;1;Malinga to Warner, 1 run 114kph, slower ball outside off, he pushes this to cover who is deep on the circle and they pinch one;
2.3;2;Malinga to Warner, 2 runs 132kph, short ball, chest high, he pulls forward of square, doesn't time it, but places it well enough for two;
2.2;?;Malinga to Warner, no run 135kph, fuller outside off, he tries to drive but mistimes to cover;
2.1;1;Malinga to Smith, 1 run 114kph, slower ball on off, he's back and across and whipping this forward of square to the sweeper in the deep;
1.6;1;Pradeep to Smith, 1 run 135kph, good length wide of off, he square drives with a flourish to the man at deep point;
1.5;4;Pradeep to Smith, FOUR runs clipped in the air but just past midwicket, nicely timed, Hasaranga dives on the rope coming around from deep square but he was touching the rope!;
1.4;4;Pradeep to Smith, FOUR runs glorious square drive! This wasn't that full but he opened the chest and sliced it inside out through point with excellent timing and it races it away;
1.3;1;Pradeep to Warner, 1 run 132kph, back of a length, nipping back, he jams his bat down, comes off pad and rolls away for a single;
1.2;1;Pradeep to Smith, 1 run 133kph, full outside off, he drives, not quite timing it through the hands of Pradeep and straight of mid off for one;
1.1;3;Pradeep to Warner, 3 runs 130kph, back of a length, he just punches that with ease off the back foot through cover. Hardly a punch. More a gentle push into the gap. Timed it perfectly;
0.6;?;Malinga to Smith, no run 132kph, very full outside off, he drives off the toe of the bat dragging it to mid on;
0.5;?;Malinga to Smith, no run 129kph, bouncer, well bowled, over off stump, Smith ducks his head inside the line;
0.4;?;Malinga to Smith, no run 136kph, fuller outswinger, he's back and across and defending;
0.3;W;Malinga to Finch, OUT caught down the leg side! A strangle! This is a bonus. Half volley fired down leg, Finch glanced it straight off the face and Perera moves well to take the catch! Easy decision. Finch walks off a bit in shock;Aaron Finch c ?Perera b Malinga 0 (1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
0.2;1;Malinga to Warner, 1 run 112kph, wicked slower ball, it bites off the surface like a rearing off spinner, Warner is surprised by the bounce, knocking it down for a single;
0.1;?;Malinga to Warner, no run 133kph wide yorker, hint of inswing but well wide of off, he jams down on it;

Malinga to open up. Warner on strike. No slip. Catching mid off.
7.59pm The players are out in the middle. Warner and Finch hoping to pick up where they left off in Adelaide.
Vinod Rajpal: "I can smell an upset in this low-scoring thriller .....Am i asking more ??"
MineshR: "Will it be a another low scoring thriller like 3rd T20 between SL vs NZ 2019. For that we need a magical spell from the skipper." Some optimism
 Innings Start
Sri Lanka
Australia
2nd T20I (N), Brisbane, Oct 30 2019, Sri Lanka tour of Australia
117
118/1
Player of the match is David Warner, AUS
Australia won by 9 wickets (with 42 balls remaining)
