Data
3.15 pm The huddle's been dispensed with. Eden Park welcomes their team with warm applause, and into it stride Australia's openers, Travis Head and his captain for the day Aaron Finch


2.48 pm New Zealand did not look like they would be getting 286 when they were 134 for 5. But Neil Broom, in his second coming as an international cricketer, played another outstanding innings. His third ODI fifty was well paced, and notable in perhaps the shots he chose not to play as much as those he did. It was on his 73 that New Zealand have built this total on.
Australia wouldn't entirely be fazed by this target, they've got power-hitters aplenty, but with a couple of new faces in their middle order and their captain for the tour Matthew Wade out injured, you just can't be sure. Not much should sour the mood of Marcus Stoinis though, he picked up Kane Williamson as his first ODI wicket, followed it up by removing Martin Guptill for 61 and eventually finished with 10-0-49-3. Join us in about half an hour for the resumption.
Tim: "Comparing the NZ innings to a dessert, this would be a Pavlova with whipped cream and sliced kiwifruit - but missing the strawberries and rasberries. Boult did will to add the kiwifruit though. "
Chris: "320 here is a winning score so NZ did well to recover to almost that. Without Warner can Aus stick to the rrr?"
Ben: "Cummins got to 50 ODI wickets @4 games quicker than Hazlewood, who reached the minor milestone a week or two ago. That bodes well for the pace line-up going forward, especially when you consider that Starc's average & strike rate is even better than both of theirs!"
49.6;4;Cummins to Boult, FOUR runs finishes the innings in style, the back foot is camped deep in the crease, the front foot is nowhere to be found as Boult belts a length delivery outside off to the long-off boundary. Timely cameo from the No. 11;
49.5;?;Cummins to Boult, no run lands a yorker, which meanders down the leg side. The umpire gives the bowler a little bit of leeway with Boult having made a move back and well outside off;
49.4;4;Cummins to Boult, FOUR runs hammers it over straight midwicket. Right off the middle, and his tactic to run away to the leg side and make his own room while Cummins is trying to cramp him works superbly;
49.3;1;Cummins to Ferguson, 1 run dabs a shortish delivery into the covers;
49.2;1;Cummins to Boult, 1 run off the splice to mid-off, as the short ball angled into the body is met with a full-on swipe. Looking to square leg, but beaten soundly for pace;
49.1;6;Cummins to Boult, SIX runs these two were there two years ago, but it was Williamson who hit Cummins for six to win the game. Here Boult gets his piece, backing away and carving the bouncer over the third man boundary;
48.6;1;Faulkner to Boult, 1 run full toss outside off, slaps it to long-on;
48.5;?;Faulkner to Boult, no run pokes at a slower ball but fails to make contact;
48.4;W;Faulkner to Broom, OUT comes down the track and hoists a back of the hand slower ball on leg stump to long-on. End of a fine innings from Broom, who has basically had to fight all on his lonesome all through the middle overs;Neil Broom c Starc b Faulkner 73 (120m 75b 4x4 3x6) SR: 97.33;
48.3;1;Faulkner to Ferguson, 1 run 106kph, change of pace, at a full length and outside off, Ferguson skews it to short third man;
48.2;1;Faulkner to Broom, 1 run another slower ball, this one full and outside off, drills it to cover;
48.1;?;Faulkner to Broom, no run that's the back of the hand slower ball, from over the wicket, Broom wanders outside off to try and scoop it to the long leg boundary but misses it completely;
43.6;1;Hazlewood to Broom, 1 run gets down low with a full delivery outside off and runs it to third man. That's the end of Hazlewood, with six overs to go.;
43.5;?;Hazlewood to Broom, no run that's another cross-seamer, pitched up, asking the drive. Broom goes for it, walking into the shot, aiming at the covers. He is beaten;
43.4;?;Hazlewood to Broom, no run covers the line of a back of a length delivery on off stump and blocks. Cross-seamer that;
43.3;?;Hazlewood to Broom, no run another shortish delivery outside off and Broom, while trying to tap it to third man, refuses to go through with the shot. Worried about losing his wicket here;
43.2;?;Hazlewood to Broom, no run that's a ripper. At 136 kph, it hits the deck just outside off and surprises a set batsman with extra bounce. Broom is thinking about a glide to third man, but the ball soars over his gloves;
43.1;1;Hazlewood to Santner, 1 run moves leg side, he is preempting the short-ball tactic from Hazlewood, and punches the ball through cover;
42.6;?;Starc to Broom, no run full and just outside off, as Starc moves around the wicket to cut the angle, Broom steers it to point;
42.5;4;Starc to Broom, FOUR runs that's well played. He picks the slower ball, at 124 kph, and gives it a good thrashing. Strong hands, which slice the ball over backward point;
42.4;1;Starc to Santner, 1 run backs away from a full delivery on leg stump and drills it to long-on;
42.3;1;Starc to Broom, 1 run spins on his back foot to pull a short ball from outside off to deep midwicket;
42.2;1;Starc to Santner, 1 run good length on off stump, Santner taps and runs to cover. Excellent single, and Broom showing the requisite desperation with a big dive to beat a direct hit from jersey number 9. Possibly Heazlett?;
42.1;1;Starc to Broom, 1 run carves a full and wide delivery to deep point;
47.6;1;Cummins to Broom, 1 run backs away and cuts a short delivery on off stump to deep point. Keep the strike with two overs to go;
47.5;1;Cummins to Ferguson, 1 run shortish and outside off, slashed behind point;
47.4;?;Cummins to Ferguson, no run bouncer, aims it at Ferguson's left ear, avoids it. The square leg umpire Wayne Knights originally intended to signal wide, but then changed his mind. Good bowling, although Eden Park boos at the lack of a wide;
47.3;1;Cummins to Broom, 1 run reaches out in front of him, over his shoulder, to drag a short ball from outside off to deep midwicket;
47.2;6;Cummins to Broom, SIX runs too straight, too easy to be picked up. Broom clears his front leg and heaves it over the long leg boundary, well to the left of the man in the deep;
47.1;?;Cummins to Broom, no run good bowling. that's the slower ball, dug into the middle of the deck, biting into it and cutting into the right-hander. Broom goes for a cut, lets out a loud grunt too by evidence of the stump mics, and is beaten;
46.6;?;Starc to Ferguson, no run low full toss, pushes it to deep point. Broom says no on the single to keep the strike;
46.5;?;Starc to Ferguson, no run 145 kph, full and straight at the stumps, Ferguson manages to keep it out;
46.4;1lb;Starc to Broom, 1 leg bye slings a full delivery into the pads and Broom is struck on the toe at full pace, he's floored too, but has enough of his faculties to take a leg bye. Outstanding yorker bowler, this fellow, and this angle from around the wicket, wide of the crease, with that slingy arm action makes it all the more difficult;
46.3;?;Starc to Broom, no run beaten for pace as a 145 kph delivery, a wide yorker, skips past the flashing blade;
46.2;?;Starc to Broom, no run digs out a yorker to point;
46.1;4;Starc to Broom, FOUR runs lashes it over extra cover. He's playing a gem of an innings, but at this point it is unsure whether it will be enough. Gets length, thrashes length;
46.1;1w;Starc to Broom, 1 wide full and quite a distance outside off, Broom can collect the extra;
41.6;?;Hazlewood to Santner, no run pushes him back with one coming up to his chest, on leg stump, so the only option for Santner is to bunt it down the pitch. Intelligent cricket from Hazlewood, forcing the batsman into awkward positions when all he is thinking about is hitting the ball hard;
41.5;1;Hazlewood to Broom, 1 run lets the short ball come onto him and deflects it behind square leg;
41.4;1;Hazlewood to Santner, 1 run belts a full delivery just outside off to a deepish mid-off;
41.3;?;Hazlewood to Santner, no run swats a bouncer, coming up past his chest, to short midwicket;
41.2;1;Hazlewood to Broom, 1 run pulls, but can only get a single for it because Hazlewood hasn't given any room for Broom to work with;
41.1;1;Hazlewood to Santner, 1 run fuller delivery outside off, pushes it to mid-off and pinches a single;
40.6;1;Starc to Santner, 1 run gets an inside edge as he tries to push a fuller delivery to mid-off and instead steals a single to long leg;
40.5;?;Starc to Santner, no run length ball, on the pads, and Santner, who is pushing deep in his crease, finds midwicket again;
40.4;?;Starc to Santner, no run full on off stump, Santner blocks the 143 kph delivery to midwicket;
40.3;1;Starc to Broom, 1 run looks for the yorker, but ends up with a low full toss. Broom lets it run off to deep midwicket;
40.2;2;Starc to Broom, 2 runs guides it behind point for a couple of runs;
40.1;?;Starc to Broom, no run starts around the wicket and beats Broom, who is trying to late cut a back of a length slower ball which cramps him for room;
45.6;1;Cummins to Broom, 1 run and he does so, dabbing a back of a length delivery to deep third man;
45.5;W;Cummins to Southee, OUT backs away and goes for the upper cut and he hasn't got enough on it. Third man comes up off the boundary, steadies himself and takes a good catch. Faulkner the man there;Tim Southee c Faulkner b Cummins 0 (1m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
45.4;4b;Cummins to Southee, 4 byes oopsy, the stand-in keeper mucks up. It's the slower ball outside off, Broom tries the dab to third man, but comes up with nothing. The ball bounces before it reaches Handscomb and spins away to his left;
45.3;1;Cummins to Broom, 1 run guides a shortish delivery to deep third man;
45.2;W;Cummins to Santner, OUT what a shot, but oh, there's a fielder there, it's Maxwell, and its a stunning catch! Flashes a little grin after running several yards to his right, eyes always on the ball, taking it cleanly as he bends low and then gets into a military-style roll with the momentum he had going. Top effort. And one of the few times Santner times the ball, and he did so well to back away to make his own room against a good short ball;Mitchell Santner c Maxwell b Cummins 7 (34m 19b 0x4 0x6) SR: 36.84;
45.1;1;Cummins to Broom, 1 run shortish and just outside off, Broom guides it past the wicketkeeper's right;
44.6;1;Starc to Broom, 1 run full and outside off, drives through point;
44.5;?;Starc to Broom, no run full on off stump, defends;
44.5;1w;Starc to Broom, 1 wide spears a 145 kph delivery down the leg side, Broom tries to get his bat on it with a flick but he has no chance;
44.4;6;Starc to Broom, SIX runs has he taken it? Hazlewood leaps in the air, right on the edge of the boundary at third man, and comes up with a one-hander. So cool. So calm. Tracking it all the way. Such a super effort. But is his foot on the line? He isn't entirely happy with the effort, so that's an indicator that he felt the advertising skirting on his boot. The short boundaries at Eden Park comes to Broom's rescue and his upper cut to a short ball wide outside off comes off.;
44.3;?;Starc to Broom, no run another yorker, angled sharply into the leg stump. Broom falls over as he tries to flick and is hit on the pads. Shouldn't be out lbw, the umpire doesn't give it, but Australia review. There's no bat, and on impact, middle and off stump are visible, an indication that it would miss the leg. HawkEye confirms;
44.2;?;Starc to Broom, no run slings down a yorker at 146 kph, from wide of the crease, and Broom digs it out to point;
44.1;4;Starc to Broom, FOUR runs gets his fifty with a phenomenal extra cover drive. It's length. He sees he can get under it. And he pummels it over the top. Eden Park roars;
39.6;?;Hazlewood to Santner, no run back of a length on middle and leg, keeps it out;
39.5;1;Hazlewood to Broom, 1 run swivels on his back foot as he takes a bouncer on and pulls it to long leg;
39.4;1;Hazlewood to Santner, 1 run a little room to work with and Santner punches the length ball through the covers;
39.3;?;Hazlewood to Santner, no run good length ball on middle, Santner covers it;
39.2;?;Hazlewood to Santner, no run fuller delivery on off stump, defends off the open face;
39.1;1;Hazlewood to Broom, 1 run on the pads and Broom, trying to deflect it off his hip, gets an inside edge and finds a single at square leg;
39.1;1w;Hazlewood to Broom, 1 wide digs it in, but lines it down the leg side. Broom goes for a pull but he fails to make any connection;
38.6;?;Starc to Santner, no run changes the pace, and this 124 kph delivery, is aimed at the base of off stump. Santner keeps it out;
38.5;?;Starc to Santner, no run comes forward and defends a fuller ball outside off with the inside edge;
38.4;?;Starc to Santner, no run tucks a full delivery on leg stump to midwicket;
38.3;?;Starc to Santner, no run steps forward to a fuller delivery outside off and the bat face turns in his hands as the ball thuds into it. Mid-on mops up;
38.2;1;Starc to Broom, 1 run guides it to sweeper cover;
38.1;?;Starc to Broom, no run full on middle and leg, turns it to midwicket;
37.6;W;Hazlewood to Neesham, OUT top edge as he pulls and deep midwicket takes a simple catch. Excellent time for a wicket and it comes from their Mr Dependable. Simple, back of a length, not much room to free the arms. Neesham tries to make a bit too much of it and mistimes his shot. Head steadies himself a few yards inside the fence and takes it well;James Neesham c Head b Hazlewood 48 (58m 45b 6x4 0x6) SR: 106.66;
37.5;?;Hazlewood to Neesham, no run length ball outside off, defends to point;
37.4;2;Hazlewood to Neesham, 2 runs stays deep in his crease to hatchet a short delivery on middle and up and over the leg side infield to long-on;
37.3;1;Hazlewood to Broom, 1 run opens the face and runs a short of a length delivery past backward point;
37.2;6;Hazlewood to Broom, SIX runs rushes down the track and hammers it onto the sightscreen. Takes till the 38th over for the first six on a ground where the straight boundary is about 60 m. Top shot from Broom though, changing a length ball into an overpitched one with his footwork. Actually damages the sightscreen electronics;
37.1;?;Hazlewood to Broom, no run attempts to clip a shortish delivery into the leg side, but takes it high on the pad instead;
36.6;?;Faulkner to Neesham, no run rather a bit full to be attempting a cut shot, and again Neesham is beaten. Faulkner's seen this almost every over since coming back to bowl in his second spell and he has his hands on his hips, not amused at his luck;
36.5;1;Faulkner to Broom, 1 run gets up on his toes and flicks a short delivery off his hip towards short fine leg;
36.4;1;Faulkner to Neesham, 1 run carves it between point and cover, standing up tall against a short and wide delivery. Brings up New Zealand's 200;
36.3;?;Faulkner to Neesham, no run invites the drive and gets it as Neesham finds cover again;
36.2;?;Faulkner to Neesham, no run pats a back of a length delivery outside off to cover;
36.1;2;Faulkner to Neesham, 2 runs full and down leg - it's the off-pace delivery again - Neesham rolls his wrists and sends it to deep square leg;
35.6;1;Hazlewood to Neesham, 1 run works it into the leg side, behind square;
35.5;4;Hazlewood to Neesham, FOUR runs flat-batted over mid-on! Gets the length to go up and over with a straight bat and he doesn't waste it;
35.4;4;Hazlewood to Neesham, FOUR runs nails the pull, hit so far in front of square that it should deflate a fast bowler. Hazlewood tries to go short again, but this time it didn't quite rise up high enough. Neesham takes it from outside off and swings it past midwicket;
35.3;?;Hazlewood to Neesham, no run shortish and outside off, cuts to point;
35.2;1;Hazlewood to Broom, 1 run shortish and outside off, dabs it to deep third man;
35.1;?;Hazlewood to Broom, no run digs it in short, Broom goes for a pull and Hazlewood barely even asks for a caught behind appeal, but the umpire Palliyaguruge says sure, why not? The batsman goes for a review straight away though and with nothing on both HotSpot and Snicko, the on-field decision is overruled. Take nothing away from the ball though, climbed up towards Broom's left shoulder, cramping him up and preventing him from making good, or any, connection;
34.6;?;Faulkner to Neesham, no run flashes outside off, but without proper footwork he has no hope of making connection. Good slower ball from Faulkner again;
34.5;1;Faulkner to Broom, 1 run fuller ball outside off, drives through to the man sweeping on the off side boundary;
34.4;?;Faulkner to Broom, no run;
34.3;?;Faulkner to Broom, no run extra bounce as Faulkner comes around the wicket, the slower ball biting into the pitch and leaping up towards the splice of the bat;
34.2;?;Faulkner to Broom, no run back of the hand slower ball, just outside off, Broom attempts to glide it to third man again, but is surprised by the kick off the pitch. Nearly gloves it to the keeper;
34.1;1;Faulkner to Neesham, 1 run gets under a short delivery outside off and heaves it to deep midwicket;
33.6;?;Hazlewood to Broom, no run full on off stump, pushes it to mid-on;
33.5;?;Hazlewood to Broom, no run covers the line of a shortish delivery on middle and off and clips it to midwicket;
33.4;?;Hazlewood to Broom, no run shortish and outside off, chops it down by his feet. The late cut goes awry there;
33.3;?;Hazlewood to Broom, no run tries to work a good length ball on off stump through the leg side, but finds midwicket;
33.2;1;Hazlewood to Neesham, 1 run nudges the back of a length ball to the left of midwicket;
33.1;?;Hazlewood to Neesham, no run cramps him up with a 132 kph delivery on off stump, Neesham goes for the pull, but is perhaps into the shot just a touch late. Inside edge onto his thigh;
32.6;1;Faulkner to Neesham, 1 run length ball outside off, flat-batted through the covers. That's the back of the hand slower ball, bringing up the fifty-partnership. And they've got there in 49 balls;
32.5;?;Faulkner to Neesham, no run shortish and outside off, Neesham looks for a cut, but plays the shot under the ball. No footwork;
32.4;?;Faulkner to Neesham, no run strikes him in the box, or close to, I think. A little bit of seam movement into the left-hander, who is surprised by the movement, the ball beating his inside edge and pinning him;
32.3;?;Faulkner to Neesham, no run into the pads and Neesham, trying to glance it fine, doesn't get any bat on it. Could have easily been a boundary with fine leg up;
32.2;1;Faulkner to Broom, 1 run squares him up with the angle from over the wicket as a back of a length ball pitches on leg stump and decks away off the seam. Broom, intending to work the ball to midwicket, gets a leading edge past point;
32.1;4;Faulkner to Broom, FOUR runs well, that bodes well for New Zealand, moving into the final stage of the innings. Broom waits on a shortish delivery outside off, letting it come on and then chops down on it. Late cut past deep third man's right;
31.6;2;Stoinis to Neesham, 2 runs back of a length on middle and leg, hangs back and whips through midwicket for two. Excellent running. End of an uninterrupted spell from Stoinis: 10-0-49-3. And that's drinks at Eden Park;
31.5;?;Stoinis to Neesham, no run full and sliding into the pads, Neesham misses out on a scoring opportunity. That should have been put away through midwicket;
31.4;1;Stoinis to Broom, 1 run short of a length on off, chopped behind square on the off side for one. To the left of Maxwell at backward point;
31.3;2;Stoinis to Broom, 2 runs full on off, clipped to the right of square leg for a couple;
31.2;1;Stoinis to Neesham, 1 run short of a length on the hips, tucked around the corner, through square leg;
31.1;1;Stoinis to Broom, 1 run back of a length on off, hangs back and works it past midwicket's right for one;
30.6;?;Cummins to Neesham, no run half-volley outside off, drilled on the front foot straight to mid-off;
30.5;1;Cummins to Broom, 1 run short of a length and outside off, jumps back and secures a single to deep third man with a late cut;
30.4;1;Cummins to Neesham, 1 run pretty full on the pads, glanced to long leg;
30.3;1;Cummins to Broom, 1 run full and outside off, steered into the covers for one;
30.2;?;Cummins to Broom, no run;
30.1;1;Cummins to Neesham, 1 run Marsh drops it at wide slip diving across to his right. Went with one hand, the ball popped out of it. Full and angling across off, Neesham wafts with his feet stapled to the crease and gets away. Marsh was late onto it;
29.6;1;Stoinis to Neesham, 1 run leg-stump delivery, which is easily glanced to long leg;
29.5;?;Stoinis to Neesham, no run short of a length and outside off, chopped away to the right of Maxwell at backward point;
29.4;4;Stoinis to Neesham, FOUR runs biffed down the ground to the right of mid-on. Back of a length and outside off, stood up tall and punched away past the bowler's left;
29.3;1;Stoinis to Broom, 1 run short of a length and outside off, arches his back and upper-cuts to third man;
29.2;?;Stoinis to Broom, no run full offcutter, opens the face and runs the ball to point;
29.1;?;Stoinis to Broom, no run full on middle and leg, clipped to midwicket on the front foot;
28.6;4;Cummins to Neesham, FOUR runs short of a length and slanting away outside off, Neesham has a waft away from the body. The ball grazes the inside edge and rolls away past the stumps fine on the leg side. French-cut away;
28.5;?;Cummins to Neesham, no run bouncer, ducks under it;
28.4;4;Cummins to Neesham, FOUR runs 142.5ks short ball outside off, Neesham is beaten for pace. He is rushed into a hook and ends up top-edging the ball over the keeper's head. Evades long leg sliding to his right. One-bounce four;
28.3;1;Cummins to Broom, 1 run back of a length on off, hops and nurdles a single in front of midwicket;
28.2;1;Cummins to Neesham, 1 run short of a length and outside off, dabbed down to wide slip;
28.1;?;Cummins to Neesham, no run tucked off the hips to long leg;
27.6;1;Stoinis to Neesham, 1 run;
27.5;1;Stoinis to Broom, 1 run overpitched and outside off, front-foot drive. Placed to the left of extra cover and to the right of mid-off. The latter makes a tumbling save;
27.4;1;Stoinis to Neesham, 1 run;
27.3;1;Stoinis to Broom, 1 run worked off the pads to square leg;
27.2;1;Stoinis to Neesham, 1 run short and outside off, hangs back and chops down to third man;
27.1;?;Stoinis to Neesham, no run full and skidding across off, Neesham has a loose waft and watches the ball whistle past the outside edge;
26.6;1;Head to Neesham, 1 run shorter and outside off, skips back and cuts through cover-point for one;
26.5;?;Head to Neesham, no run short and skids on, defended on the back foot;
26.4;1;Head to Broom, 1 run sliding into the leg stump, directed to long leg for one;
26.3;1;Head to Neesham, 1 run picked off the pads to the leg side for one;
26.2;4;Head to Neesham, FOUR runs looped up outside off, Neesham presses forward and hoists it over the short straight boundary. First boundary after 10 overs;
26.1;1;Head to Broom, 1 run wicket-to-wicket line from around the stumps, flipped through square leg;
25.6;2;Stoinis to Neesham, 2 runs full on middle and leg, worked through backward square leg for a double;
25.5;1;Stoinis to Broom, 1 run full and angled in on off, tucked around the corner through square leg;
25.4;?;Stoinis to Broom, no run offcutter, comes in, beats the inside edge and clatters into the back thigh;
25.3;1;Stoinis to Neesham, 1 run leg-side delivery, glided down to long leg;
25.2;?;Stoinis to Neesham, no run left alone outside off;
25.1;W;Stoinis to Munro, OUT length and outside off, Munro shovels it in the air off the inside half and hands a loopy catch to Finch. Not a full-blooded hit from the left-hander. He aimed to clear mid-on, instead chipped it to Australia's captain. So Handscomb's drop costs Australia just one run;Colin Munro c Finch b Stoinis 2 (6m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
24.6;1;Head to Munro, 1 run tossed on middle, driven on the front foot to long-on;
24.5;?;Head to Munro, no run Handscomb drops another catch. Shorter offbreak from Head, spins away from the left-hander. He goes back for a cut, outside-edges it behind, the ball clangs off the gloves;
24.4;?;Head to Munro, no run full and on off, dips, creating distance between the bat and the pitch. Pushed to mid-on off the inside half;
24.3;?;Head to Munro, no run fired outside off, driven to the straighter of the two catching covers;
24.2;1;Head to Broom, 1 run flighted and angled across off, gets forward, meets the pitch, and eases it through cover;
24.1;?;Head to Broom, no run wicket-to-wicket line, bunted to straight midwicket;
23.6;1;Stoinis to Broom, 1 run glanced off the hips to square leg;
23.5;1;Stoinis to Munro, 1 run full on the pads, whipped away through deep square leg;
23.4;W;Stoinis to Guptill, OUT bowled'em. Stoinis has nabbed both Williamson and Guptill. Sneaks through the gate. Half-volley length, bowled from wide of the crease, right up there to be laced through the covers. Guptill attempts a drive, but the ball cuts back in slightly and goes through the defences. Hits middle and leg stumps with the offcutter;Martin Guptill b Stoinis 61 (107m 73b 8x4 0x6) SR: 83.56;
23.3;?;Stoinis to Guptill, no run full and angled in on off, punched to cover on the front foot;
23.2;?;Stoinis to Guptill, no run ull and angled in on off, spooned in front of midwicket;
23.1;1lb;Stoinis to Broom, 1 leg bye waddles across off and deflects a ball ball square on the leg side;
22.6;?;Head to Guptill, no run pushed through quicker, Guptill defends;
22.5;?;Head to Guptill, no run flatter and quicker, swept away to square leg;
22.4;1;Head to Broom, 1 run looped up on middle and leg, Broom - returning from a finger injury, works through midwicket;
22.3;W;Head to Taylor, OUT too full for the sweep and Taylor drags it back onto the stumps. Tossed up and angling across off, wide outside off, Taylor goes low and makes a mess of the sweep. Head reaps reward for some tight bowling;Ross Taylor b Head 16 (38m 24b 1x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
22.2;1;Head to Guptill, 1 run full on middle, not much turn, push-driven to long-on;
22.1;1;Head to Taylor, 1 run fired on leg or just outside leg, swept to long leg;
21.6;?;Stoinis to Guptill, no run back of a length and outside off, firmly struck more or less straight to mid-off;
21.5;1;Stoinis to Taylor, 1 run pitched up and outside off, driven to the right of mid-off for one now. Taylor chances another single. Finch can't throw the stumps down;
21.4;?;Stoinis to Taylor, no run full and outside off, whipped away on the front foot to straight midwicket;
21.4;1w;Stoinis to Taylor, 1 wide high short ball outside off, boings off the surface, Taylor can't hook it away;
21.3;1;Stoinis to Guptill, 1 run length ball on off, drives on the up, hits through the line to mid-off;
21.2;?;Stoinis to Guptill, no run length ball, wicket-to-wicket stuff, played back to Stoinis;
21.1;1;Stoinis to Taylor, 1 run chest-high short ball outside off, Taylor is ready for it on the back foot, rolling his wrists and pulling to deep square leg;
20.6;?;Head to Guptill, no run pitched up on off, driven to mid-off, who is inside the circle;
20.5;?;Head to Guptill, no run full on the stumps, pushed back to the bowler;
20.4;2;Head to Guptill, 2 runs Guptill skips out, Head drags his length back, this one angles across the batsman, takes the edge and rolls down fine of short third man;
20.3;1;Head to Taylor, 1 run this time Taylor succeeds in paddling a single down to long leg;
20.2;?;Head to Taylor, no run skidding into the pads, pitched outside leg, Taylor does not make contact with a paddle sweep and weathers the leg-before appeal;
20.1;?;Head to Taylor, no run flatter on the pads, knocked to short fine leg;
19.6;1;Stoinis to Taylor, 1 run Taylor takes Maxwell's arm on for the third time in six balls. Tips it to point and scampers across. Maxwell still can't connect with a direct hit. This time he misses at the striker's end;
19.5;1;Stoinis to Guptill, 1 run short and skidding into the hips, fended square on the leg side;
19.4;?;Stoinis to Guptill, no run "wait, wait" is the call from Guptill. But Taylor is too eager for the single. Back of a length and outside off, sticks in the surface. Guptill attempts a punch and ends up squirting the ball to Maxwell at point. A direct hit could have been tight there too;
19.3;?;Stoinis to Guptill, no run just short of a good length on middle, fended back to the bowler;
19.2;1;Stoinis to Taylor, 1 run back of a length and outside off, Taylor rides it down to third man for one;
19.1;?;Stoinis to Taylor, no run short and wide outside off, thumps a cut to the left of Maxwell. He spins around, aims at the striker's end, and misses. Taylor was off for a single, a direct hit could have dismissed Taylor;
18.6;1;Head to Taylor, 1 run paddled down towards long leg;
18.6;1w;Head to Taylor, 1 wide leg-side wide;
18.5;?;Head to Taylor, no run veering into the pads, tucked around the corner;
18.4;1;Head to Guptill, 1 run pretty full and slid across off stump, Guptill edges it, the ball grazes the pad of Handscomb and streaks away down towards third man;
18.3;4b;Head to Guptill, 4 byes Handscomb's day gets tougher. He is nutmegged. Guptill pre-meditates shuffling outside leg stump for a scoop to the left of the keeper. Guptill is beaten, as is the keeper, as the ball goes through his legs;
18.2;?;Head to Guptill, no run straight ball on middle and leg, nudged to midwicket;
18.2;1w;Head to Guptill, 1 wide quick fizzer down leg, left alone;
18.1;1;Head to Taylor, 1 run full and slow on off stump, Taylor shuffles across off, goes low, and paddles to long leg;
17.6;?;Stoinis to Guptill, no run back of a length and sort of skids through outside off, Guptill is stapled to the crease as he swishes and only connects with thin air;
17.5;2;Stoinis to Guptill, 2 runs short of a length and outside off, Guptill gets up on his tippy toes and plays a jabbing punch square through the off side;
17.4;1;Stoinis to Taylor, 1 run short and outside off, Taylor does not need any second invitations for the cut. Chopped down to third man;
17.3;?;Stoinis to Taylor, no run full and outside off, presses forward, meets the pitch and drives the ball to short cover;
17.2;1;Stoinis to Guptill, 1 run length and outside off, tip-and-run single to point;
17.1;?;Stoinis to Guptill, no run just short of a good length and angled in on off, the batsman hangs back and plays it back to the bowler;
16.6;4;Starc to Taylor, FOUR runs Taylor brings up New Zealand's hundred with a sliced drive. Full and much closer to off, opens the face and carves it away between the covers and point;
16.5;?;Starc to Taylor, no run very full and on a set of stumps outside off, Taylor does not bother going after it;
16.4;?;Starc to Taylor, no run very full and wide outside off, Taylor watches it through to the keeper;
16.3;1;Starc to Guptill, 1 run just short of a good length and speared wide outside off, Guptill flat-bats a cut to sweeper;
16.2;?;Starc to Guptill, no run short on leg stump, 139.6ks, tucks 'em up for room. Guptill fends it back to Starc;
16.1;?;Starc to Guptill, no run back of a length, bounces at Guptill, 140ks, catches him in an awkward tangle;
15.6;?;Stoinis to Taylor, no run back of a length and outside off, jabbed to point and that's drinks;
15.5;?;Stoinis to Taylor, no run nice and full outside off, Taylor flows forward and drives through the line. Hits crisply but can't beat mid-off now;
15.4;2;Stoinis to Taylor, 2 runs excellent placement and running to boot from Taylor. Fullish and on off, Taylor, with a more pronounced side-on stance, simply dabs it in the gap at square leg;
15.3;1;Stoinis to Guptill, 1 run tip-and-run single to the left of the keeper;
15.2;1;Stoinis to Taylor, 1 run length and outside off, Taylor simply taps it down to third man;
15.2;5w;Stoinis to Taylor, 5 wide Stoinis runs in hard, hits the deck hard, this one absolutely flies off the surface, and beats a leaping Handscomb. Tough day behind the stumps. Taylor avoided it. Five wides it is;
15.1;1;Stoinis to Guptill, 1 run back of a length and outside off, Guptill runs it down to third man. He raises his bat and acknowledges his half-century, taking in the applause from the home crowd.;
14.6;?;Starc to Taylor, no run pitched up and slanting away outside off, left alone;
14.5;1;Starc to Guptill, 1 run back of a length and slanting away outside off, Guptill helps it down to third man for one;
14.4;?;Starc to Guptill, no run length ball, shaped to come in, then seams away past the skittish waft;
14.3;?;Starc to Guptill, no run full and angling away outside off, presses forward and drives back to Starc;
14.2;?;Starc to Guptill, no run wide yorker, squeezed out;
14.1;?;Starc to Guptill, no run full and outside off, pushed down to mid-off;
13.6;W;Stoinis to Williamson, OUT bat-pad catch to backward point running to his left. Big appeal from Stoinis and the keeper. Umpire Knights' finger goes up. Stoinis snaffles Williamson in his first over. Back of a length and angled in at off stump, kicks up, Williamson jumps off the ground and seeks to work the ball to the leg side. The ball grazes the inside edge, then the thigh pad, and pops up to Maxwell. Williamson is Stonis' maiden one-day international victim. How about that for a start? Not sure if that was the cutter from Stoinis - he can bowl a cunning offcutter which bounces at the batsman;Kane Williamson c Maxwell b Stoinis 24 (48m 34b 2x4 0x6) SR: 70.58;
13.5;1;Stoinis to Guptill, 1 run rising short ball outside off, Guptill rises with it and blunts the ball to cover;
13.4;1;Stoinis to Williamson, 1 run just short of a good length and outside off, leans back, gently punches in front of point and sets off to the other end;
13.3;1;Stoinis to Guptill, 1 run back of a length and on off stump, Guptill hangs back and chops a cheeky single to the right of Handscomb behind the stumps;
13.2;1;Stoinis to Williamson, 1 run good length and angled in at off stump, uses his wrists and manoeuvres the ball to square leg;
13.1;?;Stoinis to Williamson, no run pretty full and outside off, Williamson leans back, plays very, very late and ends up chopping the ball behind to the keeper;
12.6;1;Faulkner to Williamson, 1 run gets on top of the bounce of this shortish delivery on off stump and whips it through midwicket;
12.5;1;Faulkner to Guptill, 1 run defends towards point, with soft hands, and sneaks a single;
12.4;4;Faulkner to Guptill, FOUR runs full and wide outside off, and Guptill is able to pick the gap between point and short third man. He was originally intending to glide it, but seeing as the delivery didn't have much pace but gave him all the room he needed to free his arms, he hit it a lot harder;
12.3;?;Faulkner to Guptill, no run oh, misses out again. And this is a poorer ball than earlier in the over because the line is way down leg. Guptill manages to get bat, but the flick shot picks out short fine leg - the only man there;
12.2;1;Faulkner to Williamson, 1 run good length ball outside off, Williamson directs it off the open face to deep third man;
12.1;1lb;Faulkner to Guptill, 1 leg bye angles it into the pads and Guptill is unable to do what he wants to, tickle it past the left of short fine leg, which would have been a boundary;
11.6;?;Cummins to Williamson, no run back of a length and just outside off, defends;
11.5;1;Cummins to Guptill, 1 run 121 kph, that's the slower ball, full on off stump, Guptill picks it, blocks it into the cover point region for a single;
11.4;?;Cummins to Guptill, no run bangs it into middle of the deck and gives the batsman an easy sighter. Bouncer avoided;
11.3;4;Cummins to Guptill, FOUR runs lifts it over the wicketkeeper! This is purely intentional. This is absolutely brilliant. In the idea at least, if not the execution. Guptill knows Cummins is giving him so much pace than he knows what to do with, and so the moment it is pitched short, even if it is on middle, he swerves his torso back and ramps it;
11.2;?;Cummins to Guptill, no run opens the face at the last second to try and beat the man at point, but this 146 kph delivery doesn't let him do so;
11.1;1;Cummins to Williamson, 1 run glides a back of a length delivery to deep third man. Uses all the 142 kph pace to his own benefit;
10.6;?;Faulkner to Guptill, no run good length ball on off stump, defends to mdiwicket;
10.5;1;Faulkner to Williamson, 1 run moves across onto off stump to glance a shortish delivery on middle to long leg;
10.4;4;Faulkner to Williamson, FOUR runs "catch," is the cry as Williamson goes for an uppish lash over point. Beats third man on the boundary, who was fine;
10.3;1;Faulkner to Guptill, 1 run fuller delivery outside off, drives it past mid-on's left;
10.2;?;Faulkner to Guptill, no run off-pace delivery again and Guptill doesn't read it. Lovely deception. Pitches it on a good length and manages to get a little more bounce than the batsman expects, to hit him on the thigh;
10.1;1;Faulkner to Williamson, 1 run shortish and outside off, Williamson drags it across to the man at deep square leg with a pull. That single also brings up the fifty partnership;
9.6;4;Cummins to Guptill, FOUR runs;
9.5;?;Cummins to Guptill, no run through midwicket and away it goes. Good way for New Zealand to wrap up the first 10 overs.;
9.5;5w;Cummins to Guptill, 5 wide oooh, this 144 kph delivery beats everyone. It was the bounce and pace that does Guptill, who was swaying his torso back to try and upper cut the ball. No dice. Then it decides to move in the air much to the wicketkeeper's chagrin, making his stretch to his left. Doesn't reach it in time;
9.4;?;Cummins to Guptill, no run there for the drive, this 146 kph delivery, but Guptill doesn't time it properly. Full and wide delivery not made the best use of;
9.3;2;Cummins to Guptill, 2 runs full on middle, Guptill works it through square leg, letting the ball come onto him;
9.2;?;Cummins to Guptill, no run good bouncer again, right over middle and off, and at 145 kph too. Guptill does excellently, bending his knees and swaying out of the way. That means he can watch the ball all through;
9.1;?;Cummins to Guptill, no run shortish on off stump, Guptill gets up on his toes to beat it down by his feet;
8.6;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run fullish on off stump, blocks it;
8.5;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run opens the face as he stays beside the back of a length ball on middle and off. Yells "no," as he realises he didn't place it well;
8.4;4;Hazlewood to Williamson, FOUR runs heaves it to the (short) long leg boundary. Punishes the bowler for an error in line, and the short ball slipping down leg is pulled to the left of the fielder there.;
8.3;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run goes for the push down the ground, but he checks his shot, which is probably why mid-on is able to move to his left and stop it;
8.2;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run fuller delivery on off stump, met by the Williamson defence.;
8.1;1;Hazlewood to Guptill, 1 run on middle and leg and Guptill works it in front and to the right of mid-on. Soft hands;
7.6;?;Cummins to Williamson, no run oooh, almost plays on. Williamson is surprised by a good length ball, which keeps a touch lower than he expects. Hits the bottom edge and wanders past the off stump;
7.5;2;Cummins to Williamson, 2 runs picks the gap to the right of mid-on. Seems to be a stroke he's been working on, getting back of a length deliveries on off stump and flicking them into the leg side;
7.4;?;Cummins to Williamson, no run good length ball, aiming at the top of off stump, Williamson defends it properly;
7.3;?;Cummins to Williamson, no run digs it in, and the bouncer at 145 kph, soars over a ducking Williamson and forces Handscomb into a big stretch to his left. Doesn't quite collect it cleanly;
7.2;1;Cummins to Guptill, 1 run works a full delivery from outside off through to deep midwicket;
7.1;1lb;Cummins to Williamson, 1 leg bye on the pads again at 142 kph, Williamson is not quite quick enough on the draw with his flick and has to settle for a leg bye towards square leg;
6.6;1;Hazlewood to Williamson, 1 run on the pads and Williamson directs it to long leg with a roll of his wrists;
6.5;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run presses forward to a good length ball outside off and keeps it out;
6.4;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run a little seam away from the bat, but considering it was rather a bit too wide of off stump, Williamson ignores it;
6.3;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run half an appeal for lbw as Williamson tries to flick a good length ball off leg stump. Would have slid down;
6.2;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run tries to work a shortish delivery from off stump through midwicket, but it kicks up off the surface a touch more than Williamson expects, and having made contact off the high part of the bat, he can't manoeuvre the ball;
6.1;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run good length ball outside off, seen through to the wicketkeeper's care;
5.6;?;Cummins to Guptill, no run keeps him in the crease with a good length ball on middle. Guptill defends;
5.5;4;Cummins to Guptill, FOUR runs with fine leg up, at the ball slanted into the pads at 147 kph, it's not rocket science for the batsman to use that pace and flick it to the boundary behind them;
5.4;?;Cummins to Guptill, no run good length ball on off stump, met with the straight face of the bat;
5.3;1;Cummins to Williamson, 1 run works it into the leg side, where Stoinis keeps it to a single;
5.2;?;Cummins to Williamson, no run presses forward to a full delivery outside off and keeps it out;
5.1;?;Cummins to Williamson, no run back of a length on off stump, gets up on top of it and blocks;
4.6;4;Starc to Guptill, FOUR runs goes full and wide and Guptill throws his hands at the ball, lashing it through extra cover;
4.5;4;Starc to Guptill, FOUR runs edged, through the wicketkeeper! So a drop then. Tough to call again for this was a solid top edge off a full blooded cut. Handscomb has to jump up, push his hands high over his head, but just wasn't quick enough;
4.4;?;Starc to Guptill, no run ripper, and at 143 kph too. This is a good length ball, skirting across the right-hander, drawing him into an on-the-up drive and laughing maniacally past the edge;
4.3;?;Starc to Guptill, no run shortish on middle and leg, Guptill nudges it into the leg side;
4.2;4;Starc to Guptill, FOUR runs gets it past mid-off. Not the best of efforts. He has a little distance to move to his left, Cummins is the man, who might well have got to the ball a bit quicker than he needed to. Slides past it as a mistimed drive gets Guptill a second boundary;
4.1;?;Starc to Guptill, no run fuller delivery on middle and off, defends;
3.6;1lb;Hazlewood to Guptill, 1 leg bye huge appeal for an lbw, meanwhile, Guptill has been dragged by his captain to the other end. So, how close is this? I thought leg stump was in play. The batsman shuffles across and seems to be in front, but perhaps the bounce might have saved him? He's hit above the flap of the pad;
3.5;4;Hazlewood to Guptill, FOUR runs has the room to free the arms - and the tiny boundaries to tempt him - and bang goes Guptill. Shimmies down to get the ball on the half-volley and pastes it over extra cover. No intention to keep it down;
3.4;1;Hazlewood to Williamson, 1 run gets up on his toes to blunt a shortish delivery on middle and leg and pick up a single to the right of midwicket;
3.3;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run firm push to mid-off as Hazlewood corrects his line to outside off. Still a delightfully full length;
3.2;2;Hazlewood to Williamson, 2 runs nimbly deflects the fuller ball to long leg as Hazlewood fires it full and on middle and leg;
3.1;1;Hazlewood to Guptill, 1 run plan A definitely seems to be get him lbw. Full, with just enough inswing to have Guptill falling over in front of middle stump while he is flicking. Gets enough wood on it for a single through midwicket though;
2.6;2;Starc to Williamson, 2 runs and the cost of those men in the cordon is a gap at midwicket, which Williamson exploits with a deft little flick. Starc goes a touch too straight;
2.5;W;Starc to Latham, OUT early birthday present for the big left-arm quick! This is a shortish delivery, heading down leg. Latham felt he could just ride it, nudge it to fine leg and get off strike, but he may have been undone by a little extra bounce. Cramped for room, with the ball suddenly big on him, he looks all kinds of awkward, gloving through to Handscomb, the stand-in wicketkeeper. Happy 27th, fella;Tom Latham c ?Handscomb b Starc 7 (14m 9b 1x4 0x6) SR: 77.77;
2.4;?;Starc to Latham, no run good length on middle, Latham presses forward and defends around his front pad a touch;
2.3;?;Starc to Latham, no run back of a length and outside off, avoids it;
2.2;?;Starc to Latham, no run good length ball outside off, blocks it;
2.1;4;Starc to Latham, FOUR runs creams it through extra cover. Cummins pulled off a fine stop earlier, and though he does again fling himself face-first at the ball, it trickles across to the boundary. Half-volley, a wide one too, efficiently dealt with. Funny way to wish a mate a Happy Birthday, Latham. Starc's going to remember that;

Kane Williamson at No. 3. two slips and a fine gully
Dave: "No, Guptill is an android. They have to put him in low power mode to last through the 5 days of a Test. Like with any machine, low power comes at the cost of a drop in performance."
 Innings Start
7.15pm Stoinis arrived at 54 for 5 and did not budge at all. He picked off the gaps with Faulkner, picked off the short straight boundaries with the tail, and powered onto follow an uninterrupted spell of 10-0-49-3 with a sterling century. He even added a fifty stand with No.11 Josh Hazlewood with the latter not facing a ball in about 30 minutes. During the process, Stoinis became the first Australian to hit a century and claim three wickets in an ODI. At the end of another thriller, though, New Zealand came away with a win, Kane Williamson producing that piece of magic. Dan Brettig's report should be your next stop. This is the Muthu brothers knocking off an Eden Park screamer from our bucket list.
7.10pm I shall bring you the presentations
Aaron Finch: That's a rollercoaster. Probably one of the best one-day performances [from Stoinis]. Just couldn't get over the line. You are aiming to get it deep, you never know what happens. I thought we were sloppy; the all-round performance. We believed we could chase 287, the ball flies at Eden Park. A lot of extras and wides, you can nitpick anything. Just a bit of a shoulder twinge [while batting]. I will get through it.
Kane Williamson: As Finchy mentioned, it was a rollercoaster. The way Marcus played for a good part of 35 overs was fantastic. He deserves to be the Man of the Match. On these sort of grounds, you need to look to take wickets. The way they built partnerships late gave us a chance too. Eden Park has produced some thrillers, and nice to be involved in this. It [Placing myself at short mid-on] was hopefully to gather a throw from somebody and avoid a direct-hit maybe.We need to be better going into Napier.
Marcus Stonis, Man of the Match: It may sink in later, the win was the priority. Some sad faces in the dressing room. I am not experienced for these grounds. Finch gave me the confidence - I had a full crack at ten overs. The key was not to panic. The first instinct is to score quicker. Jimmy [Faulkner] was good out there to bat with. We calmed each other down, and at the end we had a crack at it. Sometimes, the plans don't come off. A performance like this does well for your confidence, but consistency is the key. Hopefully, I back it up.
7pm 27, 911 fans celebrate with Kane Williamson and his team on Auckland day. Stoinis is stranded and left heart-broken.
Rikhil katyal: "28th Feb, 2015, wins the game with last hit off the bat 30th Jan 2017, wins the game with the last hit off the ball Venue: Eden Park Opposition: Australia Name: Williamson, Kane Williamson!!! "
Clinton: "Hazlewood a diamond duck in 26 minutes, that has to be a record!"
Rohantha: "This has the 1999 Alan Donald run out written all over!"
Safi: "First Rafa-Roger then Ind-Eng now Aus- NZ! These people giving me heart attacks."
46.6;W;Southee to Stoinis, OUT Venue: Eden Park. Hero: Kane Williamson. Result: New Zealand win a thriller! You've heard that before? Whoa.... What a game. Breathless stuff. First let us give credit to Williamson for placing himself at short mid-on. Southee nails a yorker on off stump, Stoinis can only dig the ball out fairly straight to Williamson. He collects the ball, falls in front of the stumps, and under-arms it into the stumps to catch Hazlewood short. Hazlewood had lost his head. He was off for a single - there wasn't a single there - he has to spin back. He dishes out a desperate dive, but that's not enough. This is the first time Hazlewood has been dismissed in an ODI. Spare a thought for Marcus Stonis, though. Nearly pulled off an incredible heist from nowhere;Josh Hazlewood run out (Williamson) 0 (26m 0b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
46.5;6;Southee to Stoinis, SIX runs low full-toss outside off, smeared over long-off for a six. Fifty partnership with no contribution at all from Hazlewood. He hasn't faced a ball yet. Unbelievable scenes at Eden Park;
46.4;6;Southee to Stoinis, SIX runs similar ball - full and wide outside off - Stoinis throws his hands at it and slices it over cover. Clears the bigger boundary;
46.3;?;Southee to Stoinis, no run full and outside off, slapped away to cover;
46.2;?;Southee to Stoinis, no run Ripping effort from Broom. He dives full length to his left and meets the ball on a half-volley and knocks it away towards long-off. Wide yorker, dragged away to wide long-on;
46.1;?;Southee to Stoinis, no run low full-toss, hit to deep midwicket, but they don't run;
45.6;1lb;Boult to Stoinis, 1 leg bye Has Stoinis nicked it behind? Not given by Palliyaguruge. And they cross over. Latham should have run up and attempted to flick the ball onto the stumps. New Zealand challenge the on-field not out decision. Good-length indipper,cramps the batsman for room. He jams his bat down, the ball grazes the flap of the front pad and carries through to the keeper. Snicko picks up a spike - that's when the ball hit the pad. No clear evidence of an inside snick. Umpire Dharmasena checks from various angles. Excellent awareness from Stoinis and Hazlewood. Not so much from Latham;
45.5;4;Boult to Stoinis, FOUR runs back of a length and on off stump, 138ks, slogged away to the right of Broom at deep midwicket;
45.4;?;Boult to Stoinis, no run 140.2ks short ball, fizzes off the surface, cramps the batsman for room and pings the glove, beating the hook;
45.3;?;Boult to Stoinis, no run full and outside off, driven to cover;
45.2;?;Boult to Stoinis, no run back of a length and outside off, sliced away over cover. The ball swirls to the right of third man. He does not take the single. Two on offer. He does not take it either;
45.1;2;Boult to Stoinis, 2 runs low full-toss on off, dragged away towards wide long-on. Broom makes a sprawling save, sliding to his right from deep midwicket;
44.6;1;Southee to Stoinis, 1 run pandemonium at Eden Park. Full and outside off, front-foot drive to cover from Stoinis. Kane Williamson swoops down on the ball, runs in, then decides to throw the ball to the bowler's end. Santner running in does not gather it cleanly. He can't capitalise on the mix-up between the wickets. Stoinis could have been dismissed, instead he runs across for one and pinches the strike;
44.5;?;Southee to Stoinis, no run low full-toss outside off, flat-batted away to long-off. Stoinis declines the single;
44.4;6;Southee to Stoinis, SIX runs full on off stump, Southee misses his length again. Stoinis smites it over the short, straight boundary. He is doing it for Australia on his own. Tense faces in the crowd;
44.3;4;Southee to Stoinis, FOUR runs dug short and outside off, Stoinis sits back waiting for it and carves over short third man. This is some innings from Stoinis;
44.2;6;Southee to Stoinis, SIX runs slower offcutter, clears the biggest boundary at Eden Park with a muscular tug. Slammed over midwicket;
44.1;?;Southee to Stoinis, no run short on leg, following the batsman, chopped to short third man;
43.6;1;Boult to Stoinis, 1 run back of a length on off, camps back, jabs to cover for one;
43.5;?;Boult to Stoinis, no run full and wide outside off, scythes and misses;
43.4;6;Boult to Stoinis, SIX runs backs away outside leg and carves a full-toss up and over wide mid-off. Goes all the way;
43.3;6;Boult to Stoinis, SIX runs Boult serves up a length ball on middle, Stoinis dispatches it over long-on and brings up his maiden century in his second ODI. He is the first Australian to take three wickets and hit a hundred in an ODI;
43.3;5w;Boult to Stoinis, 5 wide bouncer, sails over the batsman, sails over the keeper. Five wides;
43.2;?;Boult to Stoinis, no run shimmies down the track, meets a short ball, and swats to long-on. Declines the single;
43.1;?;Boult to Stoinis, no run full and straying into the pads, clipped away to square leg;
42.6;W;Santner to Starc, OUT tossed up outside off, angling away from around the wicket. Starc goes low, attempts a slog-sweep and holes out to deep midwicket. Strikes with the last ball of his spell and eases NZ's nerves;Mitchell Starc c Neesham b Santner 3 (11m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
42.5;1;Santner to Stoinis, 1 run full and angled in on off, defended;
42.4;1;Santner to Starc, 1 run flat and sliding across off, square-cut away;
42.3;2;Santner to Starc, 2 runs yorker on middle, outside-edged down to third man;
42.2;1;Santner to Stoinis, 1 run;
42.1;4;Santner to Stoinis, FOUR runs short and wide outside off, waits on it and cracks a cut through backward point;
41.6;1;Neesham to Stoinis, 1 run low full-toss, hacked to long-on. 21 off that over;
41.5;?;Neesham to Stoinis, no run low full-toss on off, slapped flat and hard to long-off. Williamson drops it. Stinging blow. He dives to his right but the ball pops out;
41.4;6;Neesham to Stoinis, SIX runs back of a length on off, Stoinis moves into the 90s with a lusty club over the bowler's head. Williamson's anxiety grows;
41.3;?;Neesham to Stoinis, no run lifter on middle, the batsman sways his upper body out of the way;
41.2;6;Neesham to Stoinis, SIX runs too full on off, Stoinis gets under it and hoists it over long-on. Clean strike;
41.2;1w;Neesham to Stoinis, 1 wide slower bouncer, too high. Wide called;
41.1;6;Neesham to Stoinis, SIX runs length ball outside off, Stoinis backs away outside leg and clobbers it over cover. Picked the offcutter and hit the pants off it;
41.1;1w;Neesham to Stoinis, 1 wide leg-side wide;
40.6;W;Santner to Cummins, OUT Santner beats Cummins in the air, beats him with turn and snaffles him. He does not have many variations, isn't fancy, but is pretty smart. Cummins jumps down the track. The bowler lobs it up wide outside off and finds some turn as well. Latham helps himself to another stumping.;Pat Cummins st ?Latham b Santner 36 (30m 28b 5x4 1x6) SR: 128.57;
40.5;1;Santner to Stoinis, 1 run skips out, converts it into a full-toss and belts it to long-off;
40.4;1;Santner to Cummins, 1 run looped up on off stump, slogged across the line to deep midwicket;
40.3;1;Santner to Stoinis, 1 run reverse-paddled from the stumps to short third man;
40.2;?;Santner to Stoinis, no run tossed up, down the track and drilled back;
40.1;?;Santner to Stoinis, no run turn and bounce, beats the slash;
39.6;1;Ferguson to Stoinis, 1 run shortish and outside off, flayed to point, tumbling save;
39.5;1;Ferguson to Cummins, 1 run Guptill flies to his right from extra cover, stretches his right hand out, nearly pulls off a one-hander. The ball hits the wrist and goes down. Saves a boundary. Cummins sliced a drive in the air;
39.4;?;Ferguson to Cummins, no run rapid short ball, skids into strike the thigh. Beaten for pace;
39.3;6;Ferguson to Cummins, SIX runs back of a length on off, ripe for a launch right now. Back of the hand slower ball, dispatched disdainfully over midwicket;
39.2;2;Ferguson to Cummins, 2 runs length ball outside off, flat-batted away to the left of mid-on. Southee dives to his left and takes some pace off the ball;
39.1;4;Ferguson to Cummins, FOUR runs short ball, slung in on off, rushes the batsman into a pull. Top-edged in the air between keeper and slip;
38.6;1;Southee to Cummins, 1 run back of a length and outside off, flat-batted to mid-off who is inside the circle;
38.5;?;Southee to Cummins, no run;
38.4;4;Southee to Cummins, FOUR runs length ball outside off, pinged over the covers. Williamson slides at the edge of the boundary and knocks it back in. Or is he in contact with the ball while brushing the hoarding? Yes, it seems like, it's a four;
38.3;?;Southee to Cummins, no run back of a length on middle, chipped to the right of Guptill at short midwicket;
38.2;?;Southee to Cummins, no run chopped from off stump to point;
38.1;1;Southee to Stoinis, 1 run back of a length and outside off, punched to mid-off;
37.6;1;Ferguson to Stoinis, 1 run;
37.5;4;Ferguson to Stoinis, FOUR runs and it fetches him s a boundary right away with some help from Southee who fumbles sliding at mid-on and going for the ball with only one hand. Slower short ball outside off, swatted to the long-on fence;
37.4;1;Ferguson to Cummins, 1 run short of a length and outside off, smartly late cut away to the right of deep third man;
37.3;?;Ferguson to Cummins, no run full and outside off, drives through the line to extra cover;
37.2;?;Ferguson to Cummins, no run back of a length and thuds into the splice of the bat. Fended back to the bowler;
37.1;1;Ferguson to Stoinis, 1 run mighty full on off, swiped across the line to wide mid-on;
36.6;?;Munro to Cummins, no run slightly short and outside off, chopped to short third man;
36.5;4;Munro to Cummins, FOUR runs full, barely 103ks, on off, chipped in the air and just clears Williamson at mid-off. Delectable shot;
36.4;1;Munro to Stoinis, 1 run back of a length on middle, manufactures room by backing away and stabs it with a flat bat down to long-off;
36.3;1;Munro to Cummins, 1 run much better from Munro. Full and just a shade outside off, pushed down to long-on;
36.2;4;Munro to Cummins, FOUR runs dragged down outside off, Cummins punishes Munro, pulling hard over midwicket;
36.1;1;Munro to Stoinis, 1 run back of a length and outside off, Stoinis punches a single to cover;
35.6;4;Ferguson to Cummins, FOUR runs past first slip, Taylor diving to his right, stretching out a hand cannot get there. Can't really be called a drop. Good bowling from Ferguson though, hitting a good length and inviting the unchecked drive.;
35.5;?;Ferguson to Cummins, no run full and outside off, Cummins opens the face but finds point;
35.4;?;Ferguson to Cummins, no run good length ball, skirting by beside off stump, with the slip and wicketkeeper watching its progress. Cummins shoulders arms;
35.3;?;Ferguson to Cummins, no run full on off stump, defends;
35.2;2;Ferguson to Cummins, 2 runs mistimes a pull, looks a bit like he was into the shot a tad too early and was trying to adjust. Lucky the ball lands well in front of deep midiwcket;
35.1;?;Ferguson to Cummins, no run 133kph, defends a back of a length delivery outside off off the bottom of the bat;
34.6;1;Munro to Cummins, 1 run back of a length and outside off, taps it through extra cover;
34.5;?;Munro to Cummins, no run now Latham's gone back and watches a good length ball outside off being driven to cover;
34.4;?;Munro to Cummins, no run beats him first ball as a good length ball outside off invites the drive. Cummins goes for it, looking for cover but comes up with nothing. Good take from Latham standing up behind the stumps;
34.3;W;Munro to Faulkner, OUT topples him and Eden roars with Munro! It's the cross-seamer coming down on a good length, stump-to-stump. Faulkner swings across the line and he groans the moment he misses the ball. He knows where it is heading. Doesn't look back;James Faulkner b Munro 25 (69m 49b 1x4 0x6) SR: 51.02;
34.2;1;Munro to Stoinis, 1 run falls short of Ferguson at short third man. Stoinis was trying to slice a boundary to third man, but the change in pace does him;
34.1;1;Munro to Faulkner, 1 run shortish and outside off, Faulkner whips it to long-on from deep in his crease;
33.6;?;Santner to Stoinis, no run looks to take a length ball from well wide of off stump and sweep it away. Ends up mistiming to square leg, looks to snitch a single but is rightly sent back;
33.5;1;Santner to Faulkner, 1 run pushes it through cover;
33.5;1w;Santner to Faulkner, 1 wide looks for the arm ball, but it strays well wide of off stump;
33.4;?;Santner to Faulkner, no run shortish and outside off, but with the pace being a lot slower, Faulkner's attempt to force the pace with a cut doesn't work. Finds cover;
33.3;?;Santner to Faulkner, no run spears it into the blockhole on off stump, he drills it back to long-off;
33.2;1;Santner to Stoinis, 1 run spears it into the blockhole on off stump, he drills it back to long-off;
33.1;2;Santner to Stoinis, 2 runs "caaaatch," is the cry but Stoinis, though he has skewed this off the outside half of the bat, has placed it to the right of the sweeper cover. Comes down the track and goes at a flighted delivery as hard as he could;
32.6;1;Munro to Stoinis, 1 run little roller on the pads, tickled away square of short fine leg;
32.5;1;Munro to Faulkner, 1 run full and straight, whipped away to long-on;
32.5;1w;Munro to Faulkner, 1 wide another leg-side wide;
32.4;1;Munro to Stoinis, 1 run full and straight, clipped away square on the leg side;
32.3;?;Munro to Stoinis, no run;
32.2;1;Munro to Faulkner, 1 run crunched to deep backward point for one;
32.2;1w;Munro to Faulkner, 1 wide 112.1ks, rolled down the leg side, past the glance, difficult take for Latham to his left;
32.1;?;Munro to Faulkner, no run floated full on middle and leg, nudged to midwicket;
31.6;?;Santner to Stoinis, no run slightly short and wide outside off, chopped away to cover;
31.5;1;Santner to Faulkner, 1 run darted flat on the pads, hangs back and turns the ball to the right of midwicket;
31.4;?;Santner to Faulkner, no run back of a length, flicked towards the midwicket region;
31.3;1;Santner to Stoinis, 1 run;
31.2;6;Santner to Stoinis, SIX runs dug short and outside off, Stoinis sizes it up and nails a pull over midwicket. Follows his three-for with a fifty;
31.1;6;Santner to Stoinis, SIX runs tossed up on off stump, slugged flat and hard over long-on, evades a diving Munro and hits the hoarding on the full;
30.6;?;Southee to Faulkner, no run;
30.5;?;Southee to Faulkner, no run;
30.4;2;Southee to Faulkner, 2 runs short of a length on middle, goes back and fends it to cover;
30.3;1;Southee to Stoinis, 1 run;
30.2;4;Southee to Stoinis, FOUR runs very full, overpitched outside off, Stoinis drills it through mid-off. Stoinis is giving a good account of himself in his second ODI;
30.1;?;Southee to Stoinis, no run length and outside off, punched to cover on the front foot;
29.6;4;Neesham to Faulkner, FOUR runs Stoinis shuffles down the track and makes room. Ferguson digs it in short, but he still slots a cut wide enough of point and fetches a boundary;
29.5;?;Neesham to Faulkner, no run backs away, the bowler follows him, mis-hits a drive to mid-off;
29.4;1;Neesham to Stoinis, 1 run length ball on off, firmly struck down the ground;
29.3;?;Neesham to Stoinis, no run full and wide outside off, just inside the tramline, as the batsman swishes and does not connect;
29.2;4;Neesham to Stoinis, FOUR runs slightly short and outside off, Stoinis sits deep in the crease and clouts it over midwicket;
29.1;?;Neesham to Stoinis, no run short of a length and cramps the batsman for room. Punched to mid-on;
28.6;?;Southee to Faulkner, no run fuller delivery on off stump, defends;
28.5;1;Southee to Stoinis, 1 run shortish and outside off, carves it past point to deep third man;
28.4;2;Southee to Stoinis, 2 runs takes a short ball from outside off and pulls through midwicket;
28.3;?;Southee to Stoinis, no run goes wide of the crease to try and straighten the ball, but there's not as much on offer this time. Stoinis is back and across with a handsome push to cover;
28.2;?;Southee to Stoinis, no run just a little shape away on this 124 kph good length delivery outside off, and Stoinis who stands and drives on the up is comfortably beaten;
28.1;?;Southee to Stoinis, no run back of a length and outside off, Stoinis gets in line with a straight bat;
27.6;2;Neesham to Faulkner, 2 runs jumps back in his crease to nudge a shortish delivery behind square leg, and since he plays with soft hands, and placed it well to the right of Southee, there's always two on offer;
27.5;?;Neesham to Faulkner, no run comes down the track, that big backlift going high, but Neesham follows Faulkner, cramping him for room and getting the ball to come up towards his stomach. Can only slice to point;
27.5;1w;Neesham to Faulkner, 1 wide finally Australia have their hundred, as Neesham spills a length ball down leg;
27.4;1;Neesham to Stoinis, 1 run flicks through midwicket;
27.3;?;Neesham to Stoinis, no run 134 kph, back of a length and outside off, Stoinis punches it into the covers;
27.2;?;Neesham to Stoinis, no run good length on off stump, blocks it down the pitch;
27.1;1;Neesham to Faulkner, 1 run on the pads, clips it to long leg;
26.6;?;Boult to Stoinis, no run fuller delivery angled across the right-hander, who leaves it well alone;
26.5;1;Boult to Faulkner, 1 run lets the short ball come to him and then dabs it on top of the bounce to deep third man;
26.4;?;Boult to Faulkner, no run looks for the yorker on off stump, flicks it to mid-on;
26.3;?;Boult to Faulkner, no run goes for a bouncer at 139 kph, Faulkner gets below it comfortably;
26.2;?;Boult to Faulkner, no run full and outside off, lashes it to cover;
26.1;?;Boult to Faulkner, no run back of a length on off stump, blocks it;
25.6;?;Neesham to Stoinis, no run waits a touch too long that time, trying to pick the gap behind point and ends up being beaten. Threw his head back at the lack of execution;
25.5;?;Neesham to Stoinis, no run shortish and outside off, cut behind point;
25.4;1;Neesham to Faulkner, 1 run onto the pads, worked away to long leg;
25.3;?;Neesham to Faulkner, no run looks for the blockhole on off stump, Stoinis, while trying to flick it away, ends up only pushing it back down the pitch;
25.2;1;Neesham to Stoinis, 1 run good length ball on middle, defends;
25.1;?;Neesham to Stoinis, no run full and outside off, he drills it to mid-off;
24.6;?;Boult to Faulkner, no run that's bowling to his field. With plenty of people waiting on the off side, Boult pitches it up and his angle from over the wicket does the rest. Faulkner, caught in the crease, pushes with his hands and is beaten;
24.5;1;Boult to Stoinis, 1 run another pull, well controlled as he swivels on his back foot and places it to deep square leg;
24.4;2;Boult to Stoinis, 2 runs stands tall and pulls a short ball from outside off through straight midwicket.;
24.3;1;Boult to Faulkner, 1 run deceives him with a slower ball, slanted full and outside off. Faulkner flicks it, looking ungainly, to mdiwicket;
24.2;1;Boult to Stoinis, 1 run thumps a backfoot drive past short cover's right and gets a single. A bit of early evidence that Stoinis can bat up the order if needed;
24.1;1;Boult to Faulkner, 1 run back of a length and outside off, pushes it to cover;
23.6;4;Neesham to Stoinis, FOUR runs pure power. He picks the slower delivery - so that shows how composed he is at the crease - and then he maximises on the poor ball - short and outside off - by placing it to the right of long-on;
23.6;1w;Neesham to Stoinis, 1 wide digs it in short over middle and off stump - gains a little too much height for the umpire's liking as Stoinis leaves;
23.5;?;Neesham to Stoinis, no run shortish and outside off, slices it to point;
23.4;4;Neesham to Stoinis, FOUR runs top edges over the wicketkeeper. Extra bounce from Neesham troubles Stoinis, who commits to a pull despite not having the room to free his arms;
23.3;1;Neesham to Faulkner, 1 run pats a length delivery to mid-off, seems a little odd that he played that off the back foot, possibly why he mistimes it. Perhaps realised his mistake late because at the last minute he was trying to play with a straight bat rather than the horizontal one for a late cut;
23.2;1;Neesham to Stoinis, 1 run moves outside off to take a short delivery on leg stump and pull it to long leg;
23.1;1;Neesham to Faulkner, 1 run starts with a back of a length delivery on middle, Faulker is up off his toes to tuck the ball into midwicket;
22.6;1;Ferguson to Faulkner, 1 run full and down leg, picks it to long leg. Might be it for Ferguson;
22.5;1;Ferguson to Stoinis, 1 run goes for the drive the moment he sees a ball full and outside off, gets a thick edge which flies down to deep third man. Good work from Munro, keeping that to one, sprinting to his right;
22.4;?;Ferguson to Stoinis, no run goes for a bouncer, and it gains considerable height. Umpire calls it one for the over as it flies past Stoinis' left shoulder;
22.3;?;Ferguson to Stoinis, no run stands up tall against a back of a length delivery outside off and drills it to cover;
22.2;1lb;Ferguson to Faulkner, 1 leg bye on the pads, hits the pads and gives Tom Latham a bit of work to do. He runs to his left and parries the ball to leg gully;
22.1;?;Ferguson to Faulkner, no run 139kph, full on off stump, blocks it;
21.6;?;Santner to Stoinis, no run comes down the track for a length ball on off stump - Santner flattened his length seeing the batsman's tactics - pushes it to midwicket;
21.5;?;Santner to Stoinis, no run goes back to block on off stump;
21.4;1;Santner to Faulkner, 1 run waits on a flatter delivery on leg stump and clips it to midwicket;
21.3;1;Santner to Stoinis, 1 run strides down the pitch at the first sign of flight and hammers a ball from outside off down to long-on;
21.2;?;Santner to Stoinis, no run good length ball - at slower pace - on middle stump. Stoinis is forward with a block;
21.1;1;Santner to Faulkner, 1 run keeps back and flicks a length delivery angled into leg stump to long leg;
20.6;?;Ferguson to Stoinis, no run lovely batting. Stoinis looks absolutely unhurried today. Rising up with the short ball outside off and guiding it to point. He's been Australia's player of the day, can he pull off this miracle?;
20.5;1;Ferguson to Faulkner, 1 run works his wrists over a shortish delivery on off stump and sends it to midwicket;
20.4;?;Ferguson to Faulkner, no run fuller ball outside off, steps forward to defend;
20.3;?;Ferguson to Faulkner, no run gets up on his toes to a short delivery at 144 kph and blunts it towards point;
20.2;1;Ferguson to Stoinis, 1 run 146kph, goes short and at the body, Stoinis does well to move across and flick it off his hips to long leg;
20.1;?;Ferguson to Stoinis, no run 143kph, moves in line with a length ball outside off and guides it to backward point;
19.6;?;Santner to Faulkner, no run a little slower through the air, a little shorter in length, Faulkner is unsure what to do with it as he belatedly tries to dab into the leg side;
19.5;?;Santner to Faulkner, no run fires it in on middle, defends;
19.4;?;Santner to Faulkner, no run;
19.3;?;Santner to Faulkner, no run fires it in on middle, Faulkner trying to flick it with a closed face, gets a leading edge;
19.2;?;Santner to Faulkner, no run good work from the man at midwicket, diving to his right to stop a well-timed short-armed jab from leading to runs;
19.1;?;Santner to Faulkner, no run shimmies down the track and pushes it down the ground, Santner dives to his left and stops the runs;
18.6;1;Ferguson to Faulkner, 1 run full on leg stump, deflected past leg gully to get off the mark;
18.5;?;Ferguson to Faulkner, no run sends down a bouncer, at 138 kph, on and around off stump. Faulkner tucks his head into his armpit to avoid it;
18.4;?;Ferguson to Faulkner, no run length ball on off stump, handled;
18.3;?;Ferguson to Faulkner, no run lands a yorker on middle, digs it out;
18.2;W;Ferguson to Heazlett, OUT all pace. Or rather the perception of it for Ferguson's throttled down has paralysed Heazlett's feet. In an effort to compensate, he throws his hands at a back of a length delivery and it takes the edge through to stand-in keeper Tom Latham;Sam Heazlett c ?Latham b Ferguson 4 (27m 11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 36.36;
18.1;1;Ferguson to Stoinis, 1 run back of a length and just outside off, Stoinis stands tall and punches into the covers;
17.6;1;Santner to Stoinis, 1 run drives fluently through to long-off to retain strike;
17.5;?;Santner to Stoinis, no run that's a lot slower, brings Stoinis forward with a block in front of off stump;
17.4;?;Santner to Stoinis, no run good length ball on off stump - much better line for the rapid pace he's bowling - defends;
17.3;4;Santner to Stoinis, FOUR runs spots the short ball so early and then powers it away over straight midwicket. Solid base on the back foot, reads the lack of turn, knows he can hit into the leg side as he pleases;
17.2;?;Santner to Stoinis, no run goes back to a flatter delivery on off stump and keeps it out;
17.1;1;Santner to Heazlett, 1 run pushes it through from over the wicket into the pads, Heazlett picks it away to long leg;
16.6;?;Ferguson to Stoinis, no run short and fizzes on outside off, Stoinis is beaten for pace. The ball grazes the inside edge and streaks away to leg-gully;
16.5;?;Ferguson to Stoinis, no run good length and angled in on off, Stoinis does well to come forward, meet the pitch, and defend it back to the bowler;
16.4;2;Ferguson to Stoinis, 2 runs short and slung into the pads, tucked around the corner;
16.3;?;Ferguson to Stoinis, no run back of a length on off, punched back to the bowler;
16.2;?;Ferguson to Stoinis, no run short and just below the chest, hops and fends to midwicket;
16.1;?;Ferguson to Stoinis, no run short and angled in, raps the glove as the ball lobs to the off side;
15.6;?;Santner to Heazlett, no run short and just outside off, short-armed away to midwicket;
15.5;?;Santner to Heazlett, no run flighted nicely on middle, this full ball is driven back to the bowler;
15.4;?;Santner to Heazlett, no run;
15.3;1;Santner to Stoinis, 1 run sliding into the hips, directed to short fine leg;
15.2;?;Santner to Stoinis, no run shortish and angled in on off, back-foot punch back to Santner;
15.1;?;Santner to Stoinis, no run nudged off the pads to short fine leg;
14.6;?;Ferguson to Heazlett, no run short and outside off, Ferguson is too quick for the debutant. Attempts a pull and watches the ball dribble back to the bowler;
14.5;1;Ferguson to Stoinis, 1 run short and wide outside off, slashes a cut down to third man;
14.4;?;Ferguson to Stoinis, no run full and slung into the pads, diverted square on the leg side;
14.3;?;Ferguson to Stoinis, no run back of a length, kicks and screams at Stoinis. He fends it down;
14.2;?;Ferguson to Stoinis, no run back of a length and angled in on off, played back to the bowler;
14.1;?;Ferguson to Stoinis, no run short and angled on leg or just outside leg, hunkers down;
13.6;1;Santner to Stoinis, 1 run tossed up on leg stump, knocked down to long-on;
13.5;?;Santner to Stoinis, no run drifts in on off, drops at the batsman, chipped to the left of the bowler;
13.4;?;Santner to Stoinis, no run fast slider, defended with a straight bat;
13.3;?;Santner to Stoinis, no run round-armed into the pads, nudged to the leg side;
13.2;?;Santner to Stoinis, no run looped up outside off, pushed to the left of the bowler;
13.1;1;Santner to Heazlett, 1 run flatter on middle and leg, glanced to long leg;
12.6;W;Ferguson to Maxwell, OUT Nicked off. Australia are five down and sinking at Eden Park. 142.3ks, back of a length and outside off, Maxwell was aiming to run it down to third man. He only feathers it behind to Latham. He's having a good day behind the stumps, unlike Handscomb;Glenn Maxwell c ?Latham b Ferguson 20 (27m 24b 3x4 0x6) SR: 83.33;
12.5;?;Ferguson to Maxwell, no run nasty short ball, hits the deck, rears up and Maxwell somehow fends on the pitch;
12.4;?;Ferguson to Maxwell, no run short of a length on middle, 150ks, punched to mid-on;
12.3;4;Ferguson to Maxwell, FOUR runs short and angled in on the hips, helped away fine on the leg side. Sensible stuff;
12.2;1;Ferguson to Heazlett, 1 run dragged short and outside off, shovelled to deep midwicket;
12.1;?;Ferguson to Heazlett, no run bouncer outside off, upper-cuts and misses;
11.6;?;Santner to Maxwell, no run tossed outside off, pushed to cover on the front foot;
11.5;?;Santner to Maxwell, no run more round-arm than usual, clatters into the front pad of Maxwell, heading down;
11.4;1;Santner to Heazlett, 1 run drifting into the leg stump, tucked to deep midwicket;
11.3;?;Santner to Heazlett, no run flat and angled across off from around the wicket, punched back to Santner;
11.2;W;Santner to Marsh, OUT Santner beats Marsh in the air. Marsh uses his feet, Santner drags his length back, the ball dips, creating distance between the bat and the pitch. The batsman misses a straight ball - okay spins in slightly - and Latham the stand-in keeper does the rest. Poor shot from Marsh. Looked very ungainly;Shaun Marsh st ?Latham b Santner 16 (37m 21b 3x4 0x6) SR: 76.19;
11.1;?;Santner to Marsh, no run short and sliding across off, pushed back, Santner dives to his left and stops it;
10.6;?;Ferguson to Maxwell, no run ripping bouncer outside off, throat-high delivery, 149ks - pace like fire - Maxwell drops his wrists and rocks out of the way;
10.5;1;Ferguson to Marsh, 1 run short of a length and angling away outside off, punched past backward point, but deep third man hunts it down;
10.4;1;Ferguson to Maxwell, 1 run very full and slanted in, chipped to mid-on;
10.3;1;Ferguson to Marsh, 1 run short and wide outside off, forced to deep point on the back foot;
10.2;?;Ferguson to Marsh, no run short and hurries on outside off, fended to leg;
10.1;?;Ferguson to Marsh, no run short and wide outside off, thrashes a cut to the right of extra cover, tumbling save;
9.6;2;Boult to Maxwell, 2 runs full on the pads from over the wicket, knocked in the direction of midwicket;
9.5;?;Boult to Maxwell, no run back of a length and angled in on off, defended;
9.4;4;Boult to Maxwell, FOUR runs shot. Full on off, Maxwell punches on the front foot, through the legs of the non-striker, and skips away straight of mid-on;
9.3;?;Boult to Maxwell, no run back of a length on middle and leg, worked to midwicket;
9.2;?;Boult to Maxwell, no run De Grandhomme, subbing for Broom, throws himself to his right from backward point and stops this full-blooded cut;
9.1;2;Boult to Maxwell, 2 runs full and sliding into the leg stump, clipped away square through the leg side to the right of long leg;
8.6;?;Southee to Marsh, no run short of a length and outside off, leans back and cuts to point;
8.5;?;Southee to Marsh, no run;
8.4;?;Southee to Marsh, no run full on off, pushed back on the front foot;
8.3;1;Southee to Maxwell, 1 run good length, Southee brings out the offbreak variation, Marsh waits on the ball and defends to the off side;
8.2;?;Southee to Maxwell, no run short and wide outside off, flayed away to backward point, sprawling save from Munro;
8.1;?;Southee to Maxwell, no run;
7.6;4;Boult to Marsh, FOUR runs short and skids off the deck outside off, Marsh is opened up as he sends an outside edge flying in the air... Taylor leaps but can only tip it over;
7.5;4;Boult to Marsh, FOUR runs short on middle and leg, and with fine leg up, Marsh gets inside the line and helps it away fine of short fine leg;
7.4;1;Boult to Maxwell, 1 run picked away off the hips to long leg;
7.3;?;Boult to Maxwell, no run tight line and length, no room at all, defended back to the bowler;
7.2;?;Boult to Maxwell, no run back of a length on leg stump, whipped to midwicket on the back foot;
7.1;?;Boult to Maxwell, no run back of a length and slanting away outside off, opens the face and dabs to backward point;
6.6;?;Southee to Marsh, no run Southee drags his length back outside off, Marsh punches into the covers;
6.5;4;Southee to Marsh, FOUR runs nice and full outside off - not a half-volley, Marsh flows forward and drives it smoothly straight of mid-off;
6.4;1;Southee to Maxwell, 1 run full and outside off, guided through backward point;
6.3;?;Southee to Maxwell, no run;
6.2;4;Southee to Maxwell, FOUR runs Maxwell is greeted by a short ball, angled in on off, pulls and gets enough bat on it to send the ball away fine on the leg side past the diving keeper;
6.1;W;Southee to Handscomb, OUT there's a clicking sound as the stand-in keeper Latham gloves the ball. Umpire Knight shakes his head. NZ challenge the on-field not-out decision. Cross-seamer from Southee. Handsomb simply prods at it away from the body, and nicks it behind. Hotspot detects a white blotch and nicko detects a spike as the ball passes the bat. Handscomb has to go. Umpire Knight reverses his call, raises his finger, and sends back Handscomb;Peter Handscomb c ?Latham b Southee 7 (11m 7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
5.6;?;Boult to Marsh, no run back of a length and kicks away outside off, beats the attempted cut;
5.5;?;Boult to Marsh, no run full and floated on middle, Marsh ventures forward and across to negotiate it;
5.4;?;Boult to Marsh, no run full and holds its line outside off, Marsh watches it through to the keeper;
5.3;1;Boult to Handscomb, 1 run short of a length and angled outside off, Handscomb plays at the last possible moment and glides it down to third man;
5.2;?;Boult to Handscomb, no run full and angled into a defence to the off side;
5.1;4;Boult to Handscomb, FOUR runs back of a length and width outside off, Handscomb jumps onto the width and punches it in the gap at cover;
4.6;1;Southee to Handscomb, 1 run short of a length and outside off, Handscomb is happy to camp back and run it down to third man;
4.5;?;Southee to Handscomb, no run full and straight on middle, blocked with a straight bat to mid-off;
4.4;1;Southee to Marsh, 1 run full and angling away outside off, opens the face and dinks the ball wide enough of wide slip. Played down to third man;
4.3;?;Southee to Marsh, no run good length and slanting away outside off, dabbed to cover;
4.2;?;Southee to Marsh, no run very full, hint of inswing, flicked to mid-on;
4.1;1;Southee to Handscomb, 1 run very full on middle and leg, hangs back and clips to midwicket;
3.6;?;Boult to Marsh, no run the length is short for the cut but this is too close to the body. Chopped behind past the off stump;
3.5;W;Boult to Head, OUT holes out to deep third man running in. Eden Park raises itself to a roar. Back of a length and very wide outside off, Head flails at it. The ball swirls into the hands of Munro off a top edge;Travis Head c Munro b Boult 5 (16m 15b 1x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
3.4;?;Boult to Head, no run back of a length and outside off, forced to cover;
3.3;?;Boult to Head, no run very full and slanted in on off, played back to the bowler;
3.2;1;Boult to Marsh, 1 run nudged to the left of Santner at short midwicket. Marsh sets off for a single. A direct hit from Santner could have had Head;
3.1;W;Boult to Finch, OUT Neesham dives to his right from square leg, reaches for the ball with both hands, and plucks it out. Boult and Neesham combine to send back Australia's stand-in captain. Not a happy comeback for Finch. Hip-high short ball outside off, Finch simply flaps a pull to square leg;Aaron Finch c Neesham b Boult 4 (12m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 57.14;
2.6;?;Southee to Head, no run Head, who is standing on leg stump, shuffles across and crunches a drive, but can't beat the well-populated off-side field;
2.5;?;Southee to Head, no run good length and angling away outside off, Head drops it to the off side, adjacent to his feet;
2.4;?;Southee to Head, no run pitched up and outside off, Head responds with a front-foot drive straight of mid-off;
2.3;?;Southee to Head, no run not as short as the previous ball, chopped from outside off to backward point;
2.2;4;Southee to Head, FOUR runs fractionally short and outside off, Head skips back, picks it up and pulls emphatically over midwicket;
2.1;?;Southee to Head, no run back of a length and slanting away outside off, Head reaches out for another ambitious cut. Under-edges it behind to the keeper;
1.6;1;Boult to Head, 1 run full outswinger outside off, reaches out for the ball with his hands, slicing a drive to Broom at backward point;
1.5;?;Boult to Head, no run just short of a good length and outside off, throws his bat at ball and chops behind to the keeper;
1.4;?;Boult to Head, no run full, around off, hint of outswing, pushed to point;
1.3;?;Boult to Head, no run very full and angled in on middle and leg, squeezed out to midwicket;
1.2;1;Boult to Finch, 1 run leg-stump ball, deflected to long leg;
1.1;2;Boult to Finch, 2 runs back of a length, angling away wide outside off, Finch has to reach out for the ball. Slashed over cover-point. Finch clutches his left hamstring right after making contact with the ball;
0.6;?;Southee to Head, no run good length on middle, Head gets behind the line and defends to the off side;
0.5;?;Southee to Head, no run short of a length and skids on outside off, jabbed out to point;
0.4;1;Southee to Finch, 1 run full inswinger, which is worked away to midwicket. Australia and Finch are off the mark;
0.3;?;Southee to Finch, no run good length and swings away outside off, patted to backward point;
0.2;?;Southee to Finch, no run back of a length and outside off, punched to cover;
0.1;?;Southee to Finch, no run short of a length and angled in, jumps off the ground and plays back to the bowler;

Southee runs in with the new ball from over the wicket
 Innings Start
New Zealand
Australia
1st ODI, Auckland, Jan 30 2017, Australia tour of New Zealand
286/9
280
Player of the match is Marcus Stoinis, AUS
New Zealand won by 6 runs
