Data
355 to win. India's highest ODI score against Australia. In fact it's the highest by any team batting first against Australia; India's 12th score of 350 or more in ODIs - they've won each of their previous 11 matches; Dhoni's 124 is the highest by a captain against Australia, going past Jayasuriya 122 in Sydney in 2003;
The highest Australia have successfully chased in ODIs is 326 against South Africa in 2002. Join us in a short while for the run chase. Hopefully, Ponting and co will make it an exciting chase.
Nick: "ARG! This frustrates me SO much. Hilfenhaus has been given so many chances in the one-dayers and has never looked convincing. Meanwhile, Bollinger, who looked brilliant against Pakistan, sits on the sidelines...unbelievable!"
SR Raman: "Dhoni has scored the highest runs by a wicket keeper batsman against Australia bettering the 116 set by Kamran akmal"
Lucas: "I totally agree with Nick here... But why aren't the selectors looking to Stuart Clark in these situations? Think back to the CLT20, his econ. was ridiculous. He'll pick the wickets too... I just don't get it!"
49.6;W;Johnson to Praveen, 1 run, OUT PK is run out full in length around the off stump line, turned to thrid man. PK came back for the second run ... Again Paine does a fine job to collect the slightly wide throw and flick it away to the stumps to run out Praveen Kumar;Praveen Kumar run out (Siddle/?Paine) 1 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
49.5;W;Johnson to Raina, OUT Another sharp catch from Paine. Raina edged the intended lofted hit to long-on and the ball appeared to be flying over Paine who leaped to bring it back to earth. What a gem of a cameo from Raina, though. Bosh. Biff. Wham bham stuff from him.;Suresh Raina c ?Paine b Johnson 62 (68m 50b 6x4 1x6) SR: 124;
49.4;1;Johnson to Harbhajan, 1 run fullish, outside off, Harbhajan slices it to right of wide third man for a single;
49.3;W;Johnson to Dhoni, OUT Dhoni falls after a superbly paced knock. It was a full delivery on the off stump line, he tried to whip it across the line but edged it to right of Paine who takes a tumbling catch. Dhoni gets a standing ovation from the crowd. He started off ,dealing in singles, before he turned violent in the end;MS Dhoni c ?Paine b Johnson 124 (141m 107b 9x4 3x6) SR: 115.88;
49.2;1;Johnson to Raina, 1 run outside off stump, Raina runs it down to third man.;
49.1;1;Johnson to Dhoni, 1 run dropped by Ponting Dhoni went for the big bottom-hand powered lofted drive but sliced it away really high in the air. Ponting back-pedaled from cover but didn't judge it well and the ball dipped behind him;
49.1;1w;Johnson to Dhoni, 1 wide from round the stumps but slips in a wide delivery outside off stump. Raina walks across to punch Dhoni's gloves;
48.6;4;Siddle to Raina, FOUR runs Fab shot. He moved outside leg, waited for the full ball, crouched to flick it to deep backward square-leg boundary. He expected the full delivery and was ready;
48.5;1;Siddle to Dhoni, 1 run moves outside leg, Siddle fires it really full outside off, Dhoni reaches out to jam it past backward point;
48.4;?;Siddle to Dhoni, no run another fine full delivery, jabbed away to the on side;
48.3;?;Siddle to Dhoni, no run fine yorker on the base of middle stump, dug out back to the bowler and Ponting applauds the effort;
48.2;4;Siddle to Dhoni, FOUR runs fullish, on the leg stump line, Dhoni ensures that the front foot doesn't come in the way and flicks it to deep square-leg boundary. That bottom-hand working overtime.;
48.1;1;Siddle to Raina, 1 run moves outside leg, Siddle follows him with a full toss, Raina, who is cramped for room, shovels it away towards long-off;
45.6;1;Watson to Raina, 1 run almost yorker length on the middle and off, dug out to cover point;
45.5;1;Watson to Dhoni, 1 run yorker length outside off, Dhoni reaches out to slice it to right of point where Voges makes another tumbling stop;
45.4;2;Watson to Dhoni, 2 runs short in length, cut away hard and the point fielder takes some pace off the ball;
45.3;6;Watson to Dhoni, SIX runs Oh boy another big hit. Dhoni went for the sliced drive this time and it went high in the air and just managed to clear long-off. The delirious crowd go berserk. The noise is deafening.;
45.2;6;Watson to Dhoni, SIX runs 100 up and brought up in his inimitable style. The crowd go mad. That bottom-hand powered strike again. It was full around the off stump and he carves it over long-off.;
45.1;1;Watson to Raina, 1 run really full delivery, punched down to long-on.;
44.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, no run leans across, tries to paddle sweep it away but doesn't connect well. He shakes his head in disappointment;
44.5;6;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, SIX runs That typical bottom-handed twirl from Dhoni is back. He picked the length delivery from the off stump and dispatched it to wide long-on.;
44.4;1;Hilfenhaus to Raina, 1 run yorker length, just short of the blockhole may be, on the leg stump line, stabbed away to the on side for a single;
44.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Raina, no run fires in really full, dug out towards Ponting at short extra cover;
44.2;1;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, 1 run low dipping full toss, Dhoni was walking down the track and almost yorks himself and makes contact with the bottom of the bat; the ball rolls towards long-off;
44.1;1;Hilfenhaus to Raina, 1 run moves again well outside leg, Hilfy follows him and a cramped up Raina pushes it to extra cover;
47.6;1;Watson to Raina, 1 run goes for the yorker again, dips in front of Raina who reaches out, tries to take it on the full and makes contact with the bottom of that bat; the ball rolls away to long-off;
47.5;2;Watson to Raina, 2 runs low dipping full toss, swung away wide of deep midwicket for couple of runs;
47.4;1;Watson to Dhoni, 1 run full delivery, edges the big drive towards midwicket for a run;
47.3;4;Watson to Dhoni, FOUR runs That could have taken out Watto. It was a low full toss - the disease is back - and Dhoni thrashes it past the startled bowler who manages to get away from the line of fire;
47.2;1;Watson to Raina, 1 run yorker length, dipping in front of the lunging Raina who jabs it to the on side for a single;
47.1;1;Watson to Dhoni, 1 run short in length, on the off stump, punched away to deep cover;
46.6;1;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, 1 run length delivery and Dhoni wants to heave it over long-on but goes really hard into the shot and ends up dragging it off the inner half of the bat to deep midwicket;
46.5;1;Hilfenhaus to Raina, 1 run low full toss, mistimes the drive to long-off;
46.4;4;Hilfenhaus to Raina, FOUR runs Even better. Fifty up in no time. It was the bouncing short-of-length delivery on the middle and off, Raina arched back, opened the bat-face ala Ranatunga and late cut it through the vacant slip region;
46.3;2;Hilfenhaus to Raina, 2 runs oh excellent placement .. he moved outside leg and square drove it superbly to deep backward point;
46.2;6;Hilfenhaus to Raina, SIX runs Crash bang wallop. Raina cleared the front foot and swung the full toss over wide midwicket boundary. The camera pans to a grim Ponting who chews his gum as he stares ahead at nothing in particular;
46.1;4;Hilfenhaus to Raina, FOUR runs Bosh. Full pitched delivery around off stump and Raina carves it high over the bowler and it races away;
43.6;1;Johnson to Raina, 1 run on the rib cage, Raina swivels to swat it to deep square-leg region. 18 runs in this massive over.;
43.5;?;Johnson to Raina, no run moves outside leg, Johnson fires in a bouncer on the middle stump line and Raina allows it to go through to the keeper. He then suggests he should have played a upper cut;
43.4;3;Johnson to Dhoni, 3 runs Dhoni throws the kitchen sink at this one as well. IT was outside off and he carved it high towards the extra-cover boundary. The sweeper cover comes in to kick it away;
43.3;4;Johnson to Dhoni, FOUR runs Violence. That has been killed. It was a short-of-length delivery, a slower one, Dhoni waited for it and flat-batted a thrashing heave to the straight boundary;
43.3;5nb;Johnson to Dhoni, (no ball) FOUR runs Crashed away. A short delivery from round the stumps and Dhoni plays a crunchy pull shot to wide midwicket boundary. The crowd applaud the boundary and roar as they see the no ball signal and realise its going to be a Free hit next ball .;
43.2;1;Johnson to Raina, 1 run slower one, around off, Raina waits on the front foot, opens the bat-face and steers it to right of backward point;
43.1;4;Johnson to Raina, FOUR runs Whack. It was a length delivery this time and Raina heaved it to wide long-on region. Hauritz tries valiantly with a dive but can't stop it cleanly and the ball rolled to the ropes;
42.6;2;Siddle to Dhoni, 2 runs length delivery on the off stump, Dhoni goes for the swing over mid-on and ends up dragging it to deep square-leg region. Fine tight over from Siddle;
42.5;1;Siddle to Raina, 1 run moves outside leg stump, Siddle goes for the base of leg stump, Raina crouches to dab it to third man;
42.4;1;Siddle to Dhoni, 1 run mistimes the drive to mid-off for just a single.;
42.3;1;Siddle to Raina, 1 run Another one that falls safely. It was the bouncer, Raina had moved outside leg and top-edged his pull but this is a big ground and it falls short of deep square-leg. Siddle thought it would go to hands and is disappointed;
42.2;1;Siddle to Dhoni, 1 run length delivery this time, tapped towards extra cover for a single;
42.1;1;Siddle to Raina, 1 run the lifting delivery, chest-high, on the middle and leg, fended away towards backward point. Dhoni rushes across for a single and Raina makes it in time with a dive;
41.6;?;Johnson to Dhoni, no run on the middle stump line, squeezed out straight to backward point;
41.5;?;Johnson to Dhoni, no run from round the stumps now to Dhoni, back of length around off, cut away to backward point;
41.4;1;Johnson to Raina, 1 run moves well outside leg, Mitch tries to follow him with a short-of-length delivery, guided down to third man;
41.3;4;Johnson to Raina, FOUR runs clears the front leg and went for the big swing to the on side. He found more elevation than distance. It went really high in the air but no one in wide deep midwicket and it bounces away to the boundary.;
41.2;?;Johnson to Raina, no run slower one, on the middle, defended to the on side;
41.1;4;Johnson to Raina, FOUR runs Raina breaks free of the shackles with a swing to square-leg boundary. It drifted towards the pad and Raina swung it away;
40.6;4;Siddle to Dhoni, FOUR runs length delivery outside off, Dhoni goes for his drive and carves it away .. He doesn't quite connect well but finds the gap between extra cover and mid-off and this outfield is really fast;
40.5;?;Siddle to Dhoni, no run short in length, bouncing in towards middle and off, Dhoni can only push it back to the bowler;
40.4;1;Siddle to Raina, 1 run moves outside leg stump and goes for a big drive but mistimes it down to long-on.;
40.3;?;Siddle to Raina, no run short delivery again, Raina tries to slog-pull but can't connect. Another dot ball.;
40.2;?;Siddle to Raina, no run short delivery and Raina jumps to defend it down to the off side;
40.1;?;Siddle to Raina, no run clears his front leg and goes for a big slog-swing across the line but doesn't connect well; the ball rolls back to the bowler;
39.6;3;Johnson to Raina, 3 runs backs away to the leg side and carves the short delivery over covers to pick up three runs.;
39.5;1;Johnson to Dhoni, 1 run fuller, homing in on the off stump, driven to sweeper cover;
39.4;?;Johnson to Dhoni, no run slower one outside off stump, Dhoni is through with his cut shot early and the ball bounces once before it reaches Paine;
39.3;?;Johnson to Dhoni, no run on the middle, worked to midwicket;
39.2;1;Johnson to Raina, 1 run goes right back, jumps to get on top of the bounce and taps it close on the off side and Dhoni calls him over for a quick single;
39.1;1;Johnson to Dhoni, 1 run from round the stumps to the right-hander, driven towards mid-off for a single;
39.1;2w;Johnson to Raina, 2 wide wayward delivery down the leg side and Paine does well to make a diving half-stop;
38.6;?;Hauritz to Dhoni, no run floats it well outside off and it goes on straight; Dhoni lunges across, trying to tap it to point for a single but is beaten. Paine quickly whips the bails off but Dhoni was in;
38.5;?;Hauritz to Dhoni, no run fuller, tad quicker, defended on the front foot;
38.4;1;Hauritz to Raina, 1 run straighter, on the middle, nurdled to short fine-leg region;
38.3;?;Hauritz to Raina, no run nice delivery, on a length outside off, spinning away, Raina thinks about pushing at it before taking his bat away from the line;
38.2;1;Hauritz to Dhoni, 1 run stays back to pick up a single with a punchy dab towards deep midwicket;
38.1;?;Hauritz to Dhoni, no run lunges forward and across, the ball dips on him and strikes the pad; well outside off stump, though;
37.6;1;Voges to Dhoni, 1 run on the middle and leg, wristed to backward square-leg region and retains the strike;
37.5;1;Voges to Raina, 1 run takes a couple of steps down the track, Voges slows up the pace and Raina tickles it around the corner to short fine-leg region;
37.4;2;Voges to Raina, 2 runs floated well outside off, Raina goes back and across to cut it well to deep backward point;
37.3;1;Voges to Dhoni, 1 run stretches forward to tap it to cover for a single;
37.2;1;Voges to Raina, 1 run turns in from outside off, forced away to sweeper cover;
37.1;1;Voges to Dhoni, 1 run goes on the back foot to work it past square-leg;
36.6;?;Hauritz to Raina, no run comes in with the arm, Raina leans forward to block it in front of him;
36.5;?;Hauritz to Raina, no run slightly short, cut to point;
36.4;?;Hauritz to Raina, no run edged but wide of slip. It turned from the middle and off line, from round the stumps, got the edge on the hesitant poke but didn't go to hands;
36.3;1;Hauritz to Dhoni, 1 run turns in from outside off, pushed wide of point;
36.2;1;Hauritz to Raina, 1 run on the leg and middle, turned past square-leg for a easy single;
36.1;1;Hauritz to Dhoni, 1 run floated on the off stump line, pushed away towards point for a quick single;
35.6;?;Siddle to Raina, no run full in length, timed sweetly down the track and Siddle lunges to make a half-stop;
35.5;?;Siddle to Raina, no run short in length, bouncing in on the off and middle line, defended to cover;
35.4;?;Siddle to Raina, no run One slip i place for Raina. It landed on a length, moved in towards middle and leg, Raina tries to work it to the on side and gets a leading edge back down the track;
35.3;?;Siddle to Raina, no run goes back to steer it to right of backward point where Vogues makes a tumbling stop to prevent the batsmen from taking a single;
35.3;1w;Siddle to Raina, 1 wide bounces it short but slips it down the leg side. Raina jumped back, trying to turn it to fine-leg but doesn't connect;
35.2;1;Siddle to Dhoni, 1 run fuller in length, outside off, Dhoni goes for his slash drive and edges it down to third man;
35.1;?;Siddle to Dhoni, no run length delivery on the off stump line, Dhoni stays back to guide it to point;
34.6;1;Hauritz to Dhoni, 1 run slower, turns in from outside off, cut away to deep point region;
34.5;1;Hauritz to Raina, 1 run back of length, Raina goes back to cut it past point for a single;
34.4;?;Hauritz to Raina, no run beaten outside off stump. It was just outside off, turns slightly away, Raina shaped to defend but ...;
34.3;1;Hauritz to Dhoni, 1 run turns in, shoveled away towards long-on;
34.2;4;Hauritz to Dhoni, FOUR runs slower in the air, drops it short and Dhoni slashes it to the cover boundary. He waited for the ball to arrive before slapping it really hard.;
34.1;1;Hauritz to Raina, 1 run around the off stump, from round the stumps, pushed through cover point for a single;
33.6;W;Siddle to Dhoni, OUT almost caught and bowled and Gambhir is run out! Confusion there! It was the slower one and Dhoni was beaten by it and scooped it just over the leaping Siddle. Gambhir had rushed off ; Hauritz swooped on the ball from mid-off and threw in a direct hit at the non-striker's end to remove Gambhir. Australia continue to impress in the field.;Gautam Gambhir run out (Hauritz) 76 (136m 80b 6x4 0x6) SR: 95;
33.5;?;Siddle to Dhoni, no run swing and a miss. It was a full in length outside off, Dhoni was on the back foot and tried to carve it away hard but no wood on leather;
33.4;1;Siddle to Gambhir, 1 run on the middle and leg, edges it to his pad and the ball rolls behind square-leg;
33.3;1;Siddle to Dhoni, 1 run leans forward to push it to mid-on;
33.2;2;Siddle to Dhoni, 2 runs short in length, straightening outside off stump, Dhoni tries to punch it to the off side but edges it to square-leg and they rush back for the second run;
33.1;1;Siddle to Gambhir, 1 run from round the stumps, full in length, outside off, sliced away to wide third man;
32.6;?;Watson to Dhoni, no run short of a good length delivery, Dhoni stands tall and punches it away on the off side;
32.5;?;Watson to Dhoni, no run defended outside the off stump, watchfully played;
32.4;1lb;Watson to Gambhir, 1 leg bye short of a good length delivery, on the middle and off stump line - Gambhir tries to work it away on the leg side but fails to make contact and the ball rolls away off the pad. Dhoni calls early and once again they scamper through for a well judged single;
32.3;1;Watson to Dhoni, 1 run again driven of the back-foot to deep cover, just a single on this occasion;
32.2;2;Watson to Dhoni, 2 runs fifty! punched off the back-foot to deep cover, gets it wide of the fielder in the deep and they comfortably come back for the second;
32.1;1;Watson to Gambhir, 1 run short of a good length delivery outside the off stump, Gambhir stays back and taps it away on the off side and they scamper through for a single. Excellent running between the wickets;
31.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, no run leans forward to drive it to mid-on;
31.6;1w;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, 1 wide bouncer just outside off stump, Dhoni shapes to pull but pulls out from the shot. The umpire has given it a wide. Harsh call.;
31.5;1;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, 1 run goes for the yorker but drifts outside leg, stabbed past square-leg;
31.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run again hurls it short and this one climbs higher, around chest-high, Gambhir takes his eyes off the ball as he fends it to the on side;
31.3;1;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, 1 run bangs it in short, doesn't climb all that high and Dhoni pulls it to deep midwicket;
31.2;1;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, 1 run leans forward to work into gaps on the leg side for yet another single;
31.1;1;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, 1 run outside off stump and Dhoni carves it really hard but straight to backward point. The pace meant Vogues couldn't stop it cleanly;
30.6;?;Watson to Gambhir, no run angling away from Gambhir who tries to pick up another run to third man but doesn't get bat on ball;
30.5;1;Watson to Dhoni, 1 run length delivery around the off stump, pushed through covers;
30.4;?;Watson to Dhoni, no run on the off stump line, pushed to the off side;
30.3;1;Watson to Gambhir, 1 run slower, off cutter, allows to come to him before working it down to third man. 200 up now;
30.2;2;Watson to Gambhir, 2 runs leans forward to tap it towards backward point. There is a direct hit at the non striker's end and it runs away from an extra run;
30.1;2;Watson to Gambhir, 2 runs outside off stump line, cut away through the off side. 100 of the partnership comes up.;
29.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, no run really full delivery, Dhoni doesn't' lean forward and hence, mistimes the drive;
29.5;1;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, 1 run short delivery, climbs around the off stump, tapped down to third man;
29.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run bouncer around the leg stump, Gambhir ducks.;
29.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run fullish, angling away from Gambhir who tries to run it down to third man and is beaten. He is not happy with himself, suggests he should have driven it straight in the V;
29.2;2;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, 2 runs on the middle and leg , worked to deep square-leg region for couple of runs;
29.1;4;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, FOUR runs short in length, on the hips, poor delivery, tucked away to fine-leg boundary.;
28.6;4;Watson to Dhoni, FOUR runs stretches well forward to drive the full delivery well to the left of mid-off and it races away. He hit it uppishly but found the placement;
28.5;1;Watson to Gambhir, 1 run just outside off stump, Gambhir dabs it to third man;
28.4;1;Watson to Dhoni, 1 run on the pads, turned to long leg for a single;
28.3;1;Watson to Gambhir, 1 run short in length, just outside off stump, chopped down to third man;
28.2;1;Watson to Dhoni, 1 run jumps out and turns the length delivery past square-leg;
28.1;2;Watson to Dhoni, 2 runs walks right down the track and placed it deliberately to the left of mid-off. Neatly done. He just opened the bat-face, found the gap and ran the first run very hard;
27.6;1;Johnson to Dhoni, 1 run outside off stump, full in length, driven to sweeper cover;
27.5;1;Johnson to Gambhir, 1 run another tip and run from the Indian duo;
27.4;1;Johnson to Dhoni, 1 run leans forward to tap it away for another quick single;
27.3;1;Johnson to Gambhir, 1 run outside off stump, cut down to third man;
27.2;1;Johnson to Dhoni, 1 run mini drama short in length around the off stump line, pushed to point and they rush across. Ponting has a shy at the non-striker's end and misses. Dhoni collides with Johnson at the other end and he stumbled into the crease. Had the throw hit the stumps, he would have been run out. Dhoni wasn't pleased with the bowler but Johnson was was well within his rights to go towards the stumps to try collect the throw. It wasn't done deliberately.;
27.1;1;Johnson to Gambhir, 1 run full in length, around the off stump line, tapped close on the off side, towards backward point and they scamper across;
26.6;1;Hauritz to Gambhir, 1 run goes right back to work the ball off his pads;
26.5;?;Hauritz to Gambhir, no run lovely delivery, it drifted in from round the stumps, landed on a length around off and spun away past the defensive poke;
26.4;2;Hauritz to Gambhir, 2 runs slightly short, cut away past point;
26.3;1;Hauritz to Dhoni, 1 run leans forward to flick it away for a single;
26.2;1;Hauritz to Gambhir, 1 run leans across to push it to point and Johnson throws wide of Paine! Oh dear.. overthrows.;
26.1;1lb;Hauritz to Dhoni, 1 leg bye just outside the off stump line, again Dhoni tries to tickle it around the corner, misses and it rolls off the pad to short fine-leg region. He was struck outside the line;
25.6;1;Johnson to Dhoni, 1 run full and around the off stump, steered away behind point for a single;
25.5;1;Johnson to Gambhir, 1 run on the off stump line, guided down to third man and reaches his fifty. The team-mates in the dressing room give him a generous applause;
25.5;1w;Johnson to Gambhir, 1 wide again pushed down the leg side and Paine collects;
25.4;1;Johnson to Dhoni, 1 run on the middle and leg, turned to backward square-leg for a single;
25.3;1;Johnson to Gambhir, 1 run;
25.2;2lb;Johnson to Gambhir, 2 leg byes goes for the yorker, ends up as a low dipping full toss on the legs, rolls away to fine-leg. He was out to a similar ball in the first game; the line then was of course on middle;
25.1;1;Johnson to Dhoni, 1 run walks right across the stumps, anticipating another one well outside off and shovels it to midwicket;
25.1;1w;Johnson to Dhoni, 1 wide angles it across Dhoni, well outside the off stump.;
24.6;1lb;Hauritz to Dhoni, 1 leg bye shout for lbw as Dhoni goes for one of those pokes to the on side but probably struck just outside off stump;
24.5;?;Hauritz to Dhoni, no run worked to right of midwicket, Gambhir wants a single but Dhoni asks him to get back;
24.4;1;Hauritz to Gambhir, 1 run drags it shorter and its cut past point;
24.3;4;Hauritz to Gambhir, FOUR runs charges down the track and plays a quality inside-out shot over extra cover. He plays that shot really well. we even saw him take on Muralitharan repeatedly in that fashion.;
24.2;?;Hauritz to Gambhir, no run lands outside off and it keeps a touch low and that throws Gambhir off rhythm and he jabs it out to cover;
24.1;1;Hauritz to Dhoni, 1 run on the middle stump line, turns in, worked to short fine-leg region;
23.6;1;Voges to Dhoni, 1 run on the leg and middle, slight turn, nurdled around the corner;
23.5;1;Voges to Gambhir, 1 run short in length, perhaps expecting Gambhir to step out again but he stays back this time and cuts it away;
23.4;1;Voges to Dhoni, 1 run drops it slightly short and Dhoni gets on the back foot to punch it away to long-off;
23.3;1;Voges to Gambhir, 1 run again skips down the track, the ball is straighter this time and Gambhir pushes it down to long-on;
23.2;4;Voges to Gambhir, FOUR runs moves down the track, takes it on the full and slams it to extra-cover boundary;
23.1;1;Voges to Dhoni, 1 run slightly short in length, cut away to deep point region;
22.6;1;Hauritz to Dhoni, 1 run on the middle and leg, poked around the corner behind square-leg for a single;
22.5;4;Hauritz to Dhoni, FOUR runs oh neatly done .. it was a flighted delivery on the stumps, Dhoni seemed to merely punch-drive it past the bowler and it kept racing on to the straight boundary.;
22.4;?;Hauritz to Dhoni, no run slows up the pace, tosses it up, Dhoni comes down the track but drives it straight back to the bowler;
22.3;?;Hauritz to Dhoni, no run goes right back to defend a quickish flatter trajectory delivery to the on side;
22.2;1;Hauritz to Gambhir, 1 run comes in with the arm, from round the stumps, on the off stump line, steered to backward point;
22.1;1;Hauritz to Dhoni, 1 run turns in to the middle and leg, nudged past square-leg;
21.6;?;Voges to Gambhir, no run slows up the pace, flighted on the off stump line, Gambhir leans forward to work it to long-on;
21.5;1;Voges to Dhoni, 1 run moves back to push it towards long-off. . The two are dealing in singles here;
21.4;1;Voges to Gambhir, 1 run And again. Vogues pushes it shorter and Gambhir manages to push it away past White who dives from his position at short extra cover;
21.3;?;Voges to Gambhir, no run moves down the track but Vogues shortens the length and Gambhir adjusts to stab it away to the off side;
21.2;2;Voges to Gambhir, 2 runs turns in from outside off, from short of length, Gambhir goes back to cut it well to the left of sweeper cover;
21.1;1;Voges to Dhoni, 1 run gets well forward to turn it to the on side.;
20.6;?;Hauritz to Gambhir, no run on the off stump line, pushed to point fielder;
20.5;1;Hauritz to Dhoni, 1 run leans forward to turn it to close to the on side and by the time Paine rushes after it, they complete the single;
20.4;1;Hauritz to Gambhir, 1 run goes right back to cut it to cover point for a single;
20.3;1;Hauritz to Dhoni, 1 run flatter, fuller, driven to long-on for yet another run;
20.2;?;Hauritz to Dhoni, no run spins in from outside off, defended to the off side;
20.1;1;Hauritz to Gambhir, 1 run leans forward to work it through covers;
19.6;?;Voges to Dhoni, no run on the leg stump line, Dhoni is wary about getting a leading edge, so waits for the turn before stabbing it down the track;
19.5;2;Voges to Dhoni, 2 runs takes a couple of steps down the track and pushes the ball to vacant midwicket. By the the time the man rushes in from the deep, he turns back for the second and makes it just in time;
19.4;?;Voges to Dhoni, no run outside off stump, on a length, Dhoni stretches out well forward to defend;
19.3;?;Voges to Dhoni, no run leans forward to defend but pushes outside the line and edges it to his pad. This one went on straight;
19.2;1;Voges to Gambhir, 1 run goes right back to clip it past square-leg and they cross over.;
19.1;1;Voges to Dhoni, 1 run moves down the track and deflects it to midwicket for a single;
18.6;?;Hauritz to Gambhir, no run on the middle, Gambhir tries to push it to the on side and gets a leading edge;
18.5;1;Hauritz to Dhoni, 1 run flighted around the off stump line, eased down to long-on;
18.4;1;Hauritz to Gambhir, 1 run on the off stump line, steered to point for another easy run;
18.3;1;Hauritz to Dhoni, 1 run stretches well across to push it to point for a single;
18.2;?;Hauritz to Dhoni, no run slow through the air, tossed outside off, pushed to extra cover;
18.1;1;Hauritz to Gambhir, 1 run flighted full outside off stump, driven down to deep cover;
17.6;1;Voges to Gambhir, 1 run skips down the track and on drives it to long-on for a easy single;
17.5;1;Voges to Dhoni, 1 run flighted up, slows up the pace, driven away to long-off;
17.4;1;Voges to Gambhir, 1 run comes forward to on drive it to long-on;
17.3;1;Voges to Dhoni, 1 run stretches forward to push it to cover point for a single;
17.2;2;Voges to Dhoni, 2 runs ooh sharp turn there! And he is not even a regular spinner. It drifted in towards middle and spun sharply. Dhoni gets an outside edge and it flies through vacant slips. Interestingly. Paine was moving towards the leg side; he didn't reckon this bloke could turn it this much!;
17.1;1;Voges to Gambhir, 1 run flighted up outside off, Gambhir eases it down to long-off;
17.1;1w;Voges to Gambhir, 1 wide spins down the leg side .. wide;
16.6;4;Hauritz to Dhoni, FOUR runs holds his balance so much better this time while coming forward and drives it forcefully to the cover point boundary;
16.5;?;Hauritz to Dhoni, no run stumbles out to drive and is hit on the pads outside off stump;
16.4;?;Hauritz to Dhoni, no run It turned in from outside off, DHoni jabbed it off his gloves behind the wicket. he is not sure where it went and is looking for a run but Paine doesn't pick up the ball cleanly and Dhoni gets back. Had Paine picked it up on the first go, it might have got interesting;
16.3;?;Hauritz to Dhoni, no run flighted outside off, almost flicks his off drive, courtesy that bottom-hand, to mid-off;
16.2;2;Hauritz to Dhoni, 2 runs leans across, picks the ball from outside off and flicks with the turn to square-leg and rushes across for the first and returns for the second;
16.1;?;Hauritz to Dhoni, no run lunges forward to defend but the ball turns in with bounce to hit the body outside the off stump line. Haurtiz smiles as he likes how much it turned in;
15.6;1;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, 1 run full in length, outside off, Dhoni almost walks into the shot and inside-edges it past the stumps;
15.5;1;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, 1 run slower one, off cutter, short in length , turned to square-leg for a single;
15.4;1;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, 1 run goes back and across to clip it past square-leg;
15.3;1;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, 1 run just outside off stump, guided down to third man;
15.3;1nb;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, (no ball) leans forward to defend to the off side. There were four fielders outside the circle and hence the no ball call;
15.2;1lb;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, 1 leg bye Ouch! It crashes against the helmet. Clatter. It was the bouncer, Dhoni just didn't pick it up and just yanked his head away. The ball hit the helmet on the back. He had just turned his face behind and the ball crashed against the bottom of the helmet. Had it gone few inches down, it would have got really nasty. Dhoni smiles after reaching the other end.;
15.1;W;Hilfenhaus to Yuvraj, OUT Done in by the slightly slower one. It was full, it was straight and Yuvraj couldn't keep his drive down. Hilfy swoops to pick up a sharp catch on his follow through. Australia tighten the screws.;Yuvraj Singh c & b Hilfenhaus 23 (24m 24b 2x4 1x6) SR: 95.83;
14.6;1;Hauritz to Yuvraj, 1 run goes down on his knee to paddle it away for a single;
14.5;6;Hauritz to Yuvraj, SIX runs Yuvraj goes down town. He skipped down the track and lifted it cleanly over long-off. Interestingly. Ponting had just brought the long-off in for this ball and Yuvraj has taken up the challenge.;
14.4;?;Hauritz to Yuvraj, no run slightly short in length, Yuvraj goes for the cut but hits it uppishly and just short of the lunging point;
14.3;2;Hauritz to Yuvraj, 2 runs slows up the pace, on the middle and leg, Yuvraj leans forward, tickles it to short backward square-leg region and they turn back for the second run as well;
14.2;?;Hauritz to Yuvraj, no run on the off stump line, defended to cover;
14.1;?;Hauritz to Yuvraj, no run on the middle stump, from round the stumps, driven to mid-on;
13.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run pushes it well outside off, Gambhir doesn't chase it this time;
13.5;1;Hilfenhaus to Yuvraj, 1 run slower one, the off cutter, chopped down past point for a single;
13.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Yuvraj, no run length delivery, pushed down the track;
13.3;1;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, 1 run run down to third man for a single;
13.2;2;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, 2 runs Dropped by Paine. Hilfy pushes this well outside off stump, Gambhir reaches out, bat well away from the body, and gets a thick edge. Paine is late to dive to his left and clangs it. It was definitely catchable;
13.1;2;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, 2 runs on the pads, clipped away to deep backward square-leg for couple of runs. Hilfy is still struggling with his line.;
12.6;?;Johnson to Yuvraj, no run full in length, in the channel outside off - his best delivery yet in this over- left alone;
12.5;?;Johnson to Yuvraj, no run back of length, on the off stump line, defended to the off side;
12.4;?;Johnson to Yuvraj, no run banged in short outside off stump, Yuvraj tries to upper cut it over slips but no wood on leather;
12.4;1w;Johnson to Yuvraj, 1 wide again going down leg side, Yuvraj fails to connect with the flick and Paine gathers;
12.3;1;Johnson to Gambhir, 1 run short in length, around the off stump this time, tapped down to third man;
12.2;1;Johnson to Yuvraj, 1 run another poor delivery , full toss on the legs, Yuvraj misses out; flicks it straight to deep midwicket;
12.1;4;Johnson to Yuvraj, FOUR runs full pitched on the legs and Yuvraj flicks it uppishly to deep square-leg boundary.. Again wrong line; they have given away two easy boundaries to Yuvraj now;
11.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run slower one, off cutter, on the middle, tapped to point;
11.5;1;Hilfenhaus to Yuvraj, 1 run on the middle and leg again, pushed wide of midwicket for a single;
11.4;4;Hilfenhaus to Yuvraj, FOUR runs on the middle and leg, full, Yuvraj wrists it neatly through wide midwicket. The line has been wrong this over so far;
11.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Yuvraj, no run full in length, on the off, defended back down the track and he then wanders to the on side;
11.2;2;Hilfenhaus to Yuvraj, 2 runs drifts to the pads, glanced past short fine-leg fielder for couple of runs;
11.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Yuvraj, no run on the middle and leg, Yuvraj goes back to play it to the on side but gets a leading edge to point. The ball was briefly in the air but fell short of any fielders;
10.6;1;Johnson to Yuvraj, 1 run overpitched delivery on the legs, flicked away to deep midwicket for a single;
10.5;?;Johnson to Yuvraj, no run pushes it well outside off, inviting Yuvraj to drive but he resists;
10.4;?;Johnson to Yuvraj, no run banged in short, climbs outside off stump and Yuvraj sways away;
10.3;?;Johnson to Yuvraj, no run leans forward to defend this one;
10.2;?;Johnson to Yuvraj, no run really full delivery, pushed down to mid-on;
10.1;W;Johnson to Sehwag, OUT What a soft dismissal! It was a full length delivery around the off stump line, Sehwag went for the big airy drive but mistimed it completely and sends a dolly of a catch to mid-off. It was outside off and Sehwag ended up slicing his drive; the bat-face turned in his hand;Virender Sehwag c Hilfenhaus b Johnson 40 (49m 31b 6x4 1x6) SR: 129.03;
9.6;?;Siddle to Gambhir, no run lands on a length just outside leg, moves in to leg and middle, Gambhir tries to wrist it to square-leg but edges it down the track to the bowler;
9.5;4;Siddle to Gambhir, FOUR runs fuller, on the leg and middle line, Gambhir made sure his balance was good as he leaned forward and flicked it to the left of square-leg fielder.;
9.4;?;Siddle to Gambhir, no run the bouncer on the leg and middle line, Gambhir ducks. Sehwag comes out for bit of gardening, he says something to Gambhir who nods;
9.3;1;Siddle to Sehwag, 1 run fuller, on the middle and leg, on driven to right of mid-on where Hauritz makes a tumbling stop . Sehwag would feel he has missed out there... bit more away from Hauritz and he would have got a four;
9.2;4;Siddle to Sehwag, FOUR runs Flashed past the lone slip. It was a length delivery well outside off, Sehwag reached out for the flashy cut but edged it well past White at slip;
9.1;1;Siddle to Gambhir, 1 run short in length, angling away from Gambhir who runs it down to third man;
8.6;?;Johnson to Sehwag, no run short delivery, climbs outside off, Sehwag tries to upper cut it but doesn't connect;
8.5;?;Johnson to Sehwag, no run leans forward to play a very compact defensive stroke to a length delivery;
8.4;6;Johnson to Sehwag, SIX runs Smashing hit. It was full pitched delivery and Sehwag lifted it cleanly and hit it over long-on. Lovely clean full swing of the bat.;
8.3;?;Johnson to Sehwag, no run short in length, bounces towards the off stump, Sehwag gets back to defend it back down the track;
8.2;1;Johnson to Gambhir, 1 run full delivery, on the middle, tilting in, flicked to fine-leg region for a single;
8.1;1;Johnson to Sehwag, 1 run short and just outside off, Sehwag opens the bat-face and guides it down to third man;
7.6;?;Siddle to Gambhir, no run full in length, on the off stump line, punched away to mid-off;
7.5;?;Siddle to Gambhir, no run on the middle and leg, defended to the on side;
7.4;1;Siddle to Sehwag, 1 run on the off stump line, straightens, Sehwag shapes to punch-drive, opens the bat-face to adjust to the straightening and the ball runs down to third man;
7.4;1w;Siddle to Sehwag, 1 wide another short delivery, this one flies over the middle and leg and Sehwag ducks;
7.3;1b;Siddle to Gambhir, 1 bye lovely lifting delivery around off stump, Gambhir sways away from the line and Paine fumbles while trying to collect it from front of his face;
7.2;3;Siddle to Sehwag, 3 runs fuller, around the off stump line, Sehwag doesn't go as hard as he did the previous delivery, preferring to time it past the diving cover fielder;
7.1;?;Siddle to Sehwag, no run big swing and a miss. Full in length and outside off stump, Sehwag went for his flamboyant cover drive but couldn't connect;
6.6;?;Johnson to Gambhir, no run banged in short on the middle, Gambhir goes down under;
6.5;?;Johnson to Gambhir, no run leans forward to defend to midwicket;
6.4;4;Johnson to Gambhir, FOUR runs drifts to the pads and all Gambhir had to do was get bat on ball; he does and the ball races to fine-leg boundary;
6.3;?;Johnson to Gambhir, no run on the middle and leg, bouncing delivery, worked to midwicket;
6.2;1;Johnson to Sehwag, 1 run lifting delivery on the middle and leg, Sehwag jumps, gets on top of the bounce and defends it down to the on side;
6.1;1;Johnson to Gambhir, 1 run lands on a length, comes in, Gambhir taps it to the on side for a single;
5.6;?;Siddle to Sehwag, no run cuts in towards middle and off and Sehwag leans forward to play a very solid defensive shot;
5.5;?;Siddle to Sehwag, no run on the middle stump, straightening, Sehwag shapes to work it to the on side but gets a leading edge to point.;
5.4;1;Siddle to Gambhir, 1 run full again, driven to right of mid-off;
5.3;4;Siddle to Gambhir, FOUR runs But this time he is ready and springs to the front foot very quickly. He glided forward and drove it superbly between the umpire and the non-striker.;
5.2;?;Siddle to Gambhir, no run fuller, draws Gambhir forward and it has been mistimed to short cover. Good ball that. Gambhir was late in getting forward and across and played away from the body.;
5.1;?;Siddle to Gambhir, no run it angles away from Gambhir who shoulders arms;
4.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, no run fuller, on the middle stump line, driven crisply back down the track;
4.5;4;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, FOUR runs slower one, aroudn 125 kmph delivery on the middle and leg, Sehwag waited before heaving it over square-leg. he stays adjacent to the line, doesn't go towards the ball and that allows him to pick the slower one better;
4.5;1w;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, 1 wide high bouncer on the leg and middle line, climbs over Sehwag who ducks;
4.4;1;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, 1 run on the middle, tilting in towards middle and leg, pushed out wide of midwicket for a single;
4.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run from very close to the stumps, on the middle and off line, shaping away, defended to short cover;
4.2;1;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, 1 run moves in towards middle and leg, tucked behind square for a single;
4.1;4;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, FOUR runs it was on the off stump but it was short in length and that allowed Sehwag to clip it from there through midwicket. He hopped back, gave himself more time and played it very neatly. A short midwicket comes in now.;
3.6;?;Siddle to Gambhir, no run and in comes the full length delivery outside off. Gambhir doesn't chase it. Good pace, carry and bounce on this track so far. Lovely stadium this, one of the best, if not the best, in the country. Nice bucket seats all around.;
3.5;?;Siddle to Gambhir, no run another bouncer, climbs shoulder high, Gambhir takes his eyes off the ball and ducks; the ball bounds off the right shoulder to the off side. Ouch;
3.4;?;Siddle to Gambhir, no run lifting delivery onto the ribcage, Gambhir hops to fend it away ungainly to the off side;
3.3;W;Siddle to Tendulkar, OUT Siddle takes out SRT. Full in length, outside off, luring Tendulkar across but it straightens to take the edge. Full length delivery after the bouncer does the trick. Tendulkar played away from the body there, much like in the first game. What a lovely start from Siddle.;Sachin Tendulkar c White b Siddle 4 (14m 8b 1x4 0x6) SR: 50;
3.2;?;Siddle to Tendulkar, no run bangs it in short, lifting delivery around the off stump and Tendulkar drops his wrists, gets the bat away from the line as he sways away;
3.1;1;Siddle to Sehwag, 1 run short in length, moving towards the hips, tucked behind square-leg for a single;
2.6;1;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, 1 run fetches it from around off stump and drags his drive towards square-leg. He went too hard into the shot and the bottom-hand came too much into the equation and ruined the shot;
2.6;1w;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, 1 wide drifts down the leg side, Sehwag misses a chance to pick up a boundary as he fails to connect with the glance shot and Paine mops up;
2.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, no run on a length, around the middle and off line, punched towards mid-off;
2.5;1w;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, 1 wide high harmless bouncer, Sehwag allows it to pass over him;
2.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, no run bangs it in short, climbs around the off stump, Sehwag gets on top of the bounce to push it down towards mid-off;
2.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, no run outside off stump and Sehwag tries to carve it away through point but doesn't make contact. Huge noise around the stadium.;
2.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, no run lands it on a good length this time and Sehwag pushes it to the off side;
2.1;4;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, FOUR runs similar delivery to the last one from the previous over that Tendulkar hit to mid-on. But Sehwag manages to punch-drive it to the left of mid-on and it races away on this fast outfield;
1.6;?;Siddle to Tendulkar, no run fuller, on the middle and off, Tendulkar shapes to drive it straight, the bat-face shuts a touch and the ball rolls towards mid-on;
1.5;4;Siddle to Tendulkar, FOUR runs That typical wristy shot through the on side. He waits for the ball to drift in to him before he flicked it through the on side. Crowd roar in delight.;
1.4;?;Siddle to Tendulkar, no run full in length, homing in on the off stump, Tendulkar eases it towards cover.;
1.3;?;Siddle to Tendulkar, no run leans forward to drive to the off side.;
1.2;?;Siddle to Tendulkar, no run in the zone outside off stump, goes on straight, good bounce and carry through to the keeper;
1.1;?;Siddle to Tendulkar, no run bit of drama there. Tendulkar was shaping to let go a length delivery outside off but he was late on it; the ball ran off the face of the bat towards Ponting at second slip;
1.1;1w;Siddle to Tendulkar, 1 wide slips his first delivery down the leg side, gets past the attempted flick and Paine collects;
0.6;4;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, FOUR runs crash. It was a back-of-a-length delivery outside off, Sehwag shifted his weight to the back foot and punched it on the up and past the diving point fielder.;
0.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, no run just outside off, from a length, goes hard into his forcing shot on the off side and edges it to the leg side;
0.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, no run lands on a length on the middle and leg, curves in towards middle, Sehwag shapes to play it to the on side but adjusts to the movement and pushes it back to the bowler;
0.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, no run moves away from the off stump, Watson tries to slash it away but can't connect. Both the batsmen go gardening down the track and have a chat;
0.2;4;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, FOUR runs on the middle stump line again, worked to midwicket;
0.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, no run it has been pushed towards mid-on.;

Hello and a warm welcome to the second ODI between India and Australia.
Toss: Australia won the toss and have chosen to bowl.
Ponting: We want to bowl first. The ball will come on the bat better in the second innings. We are very confident chasing runs. Dew will come in play in the second and it might upset their bowlers. We have two changes: Lee and Hopes is out. Marsh and Hilfenhaus come in.
Dhoni: We would have also bowled first as we have two spinners and with the dew factor. We just need to apply well during batting. Don't look for 320-330, just get a good start, bat well and take it from there. It's important to get some momentum going. Yuvraj is back in the place of Virat Kohli."
BCCI has just issued a media release on the umpires: "Mark Benson, member of the ICC's Elite Panel, who was to officiate in the second ODI scheduled to be played at Nagpur later today, is unwell, and will therefore miss the game. The list of umpires for the Nagpur match is as follows:
Field umpires - Shavir Tarapore and Ameish Saheba. Third tv umpire- Sanjay Hazare . Fourth umpire - Sudhir Asnani
Lee picked up a right elbow strain in Sunday's opening win, while Hopes limped off with a hamstring problem. There was serious doubt over Mitchell Johnson's fitness as well, after the bowler had hurt his ankle, but he has recovered.
Pitch: The experts, from the broadcasters, reckon that it looks a good batting track but the quicks can get some assistance in the first five overs or so. Other than that it will be full of runs. 300 should be a good score. Dew might come into play in the second innings and it might affect the bowlers.
 Innings Start
Join us in a short while for the post-match quotes. Meanwhile Bangladesh board have sent a short release: "The BCB President and the Board of Directors express deep condolences at the death of legendary umpire David Shephard. As a mark of respect the Match Officials and players of Bangladesh and Zimbabwe will wear black badge during tomorrow's 2nd ODI"
Ponting : "It was always going to be a hard run chase. The wicket was very good and it was a fantastic surface to play ODI. The dew didn't play that much a part as we though. Credit to India who outplayed us in all departments. Once the dew came in, we should have been just two wickets down but we had lost quite a few by then."
Man of the Match is MS Dhoni: "We lost Sachin early but Gautam Gambhir and Virender Sehwag provided the ideal start. Then Yuvraj Singh played well. The platform was given for me to come and do my stuff. We knew that with five overs of Powerplay left, if we can take it at 38 or 40 overs we can always get to a big total. One of those innings that was good. The wicket was good and I exploited that. If you recall India A series in Nairobi, me and Gauti batted a lot and ran a lot. Aashish [Nehra] has been the pick of the bowlers. He has always done well. It was good to see Praveen Kumar bowling well today. Ishant also. Jadeja . . Bhaji also ... The 148 against Pakistan, the 183 against Sri Lanka, the Afro Asia game were good ... This innings was good because it came after a long time."
That's it from us. good bye and good luck
48.3;W;Jadeja to Hilfenhaus, OUT Hilfenhaus is run out. He went down the track and dragged it to midwicket and set off for a single. He is sent back but too late. Yuvraj flicks it to Dhoni who breaks the stumps. India win by 99 runs and the series stands 1-1.;Ben Hilfenhaus run out (Yuvraj Singh/?Dhoni) 16 (17m 12b 2x4 0x6) SR: 133.33;
48.2;?;Jadeja to Hilfenhaus, no run on the middle stump line, defended back to the bowler;
48.1;?;Jadeja to Hilfenhaus, no run short in length, pushed out to extra cover;
47.6;1;Praveen to Hilfenhaus, 1 run slips in a slower one, mistimes the drive back to PK who fumbles ...;
47.5;2;Praveen to Hilfenhaus, 2 runs fuller, lofted to wide long-on region for couple of runs;
47.4;4;Praveen to Hilfenhaus, FOUR runs bangs it in short and Hilfy smashes it to wide long-on boundary;
47.3;1;Praveen to Hauritz, 1 run slower one on the middle, dragged down to midwicket;
47.2;?;Praveen to Hauritz, no run;
47.1;1;Praveen to Hilfenhaus, 1 run full in length, on the middle, pushed out to long-off;
46.6;?;Sharma to Hauritz, no run length delivery on the middle and off, pushed out to short extra cover;
46.6;1w;Sharma to Hauritz, 1 wide banged in short and well outside off, cut and a miss ..;
46.5;?;Sharma to Hauritz, no run moves down the leg side, brushes the thigh pad and Dhoni makes a fine diving take;
46.4;2;Sharma to Hauritz, 2 runs played to Praveen kumar at deep cover and PK fires in a wild throw way above Dhoni's head .. extra runs;
46.3;1;Sharma to Hilfenhaus, 1 run full delivery on the off, driven to mid-off;
46.2;1;Sharma to Hauritz, 1 run short in length, bunted out to mid-off;
46.1;?;Sharma to Hauritz, no run really full delivery, short of the blockhole, pushed out to cover;
45.6;1;Nehra to Hauritz, 1 run really full delivery on the middle, driven down to long-on;
45.5;?;Nehra to Hauritz, no run moves outside leg, slips in a slower one outside off and Dhoni collects;
45.4;1;Nehra to Hilfenhaus, 1 run another short delivery, another pull but this time PK moves quickly to his right and makes a fine tumbling stop;
45.3;4;Nehra to Hilfenhaus, FOUR runs banged in short and heaved away to the midwicket boundary ..;
45.2;1;Nehra to Hauritz, 1 run full delivery outside off, driven past the bowler and Jadeja cleans up from long-off;
45.1;1;Nehra to Hilfenhaus, 1 run;
44.6;2;Sharma to Hauritz, 2 runs slips in a slower one, through the shot early but manages to chip it high over mid-off .. Tendulkar rushes back but couldn't' quite reach it;
44.5;1;Sharma to Hilfenhaus, 1 run fuller delivery, turned past square-leg;
44.4;W;Sharma to Siddle, OUT fired in short again, outside off, Siddle tries to upper cut it but edges it to Dhoni. Nine down now.;Peter Siddle c ?Dhoni b Sharma 3 (5m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 60;
44.3;2;Sharma to Siddle, 2 runs bouncer on the middle, not quite in position but manages to swat it away over square-leg;
44.2;?;Sharma to Siddle, no run full in length, drags it to midwicket;
44.1;?;Sharma to Siddle, no run fullish, moves past the poke and strikes the pad, missing leg stump, though;
43.6;4;Nehra to Hauritz, FOUR runs again, moves outside leg but this time goes down ground and heaves the length delivery to wide long-on boundary;
43.5;?;Nehra to Hauritz, no run moves outside leg, goes for a pull but the ball flashes past his blade;
43.4;1;Nehra to Siddle, 1 run Slip in place now. full in length on the middle, worked wide of midwicket.;
43.3;W;Nehra to Johnson, OUT Clatter. The off stump has been uprooted. Johnson has a slog across the line, misses, and hears the death rattle.;Mitchell Johnson b Nehra 21 (26m 19b 2x4 1x6) SR: 110.52;
43.2;1;Nehra to Hauritz, 1 run moves outside leg and drives to long-off;
43.1;?;Nehra to Hauritz, no run ouch. The short delivery and Hauritz tries to duck but it doesn't climb all that much and whooshes past the face ..;
42.6;1;Sharma to Hauritz, 1 run slower one just outside off stump, steered down to third man;
42.5;1;Sharma to Johnson, 1 run fires across a bouncer, pulled down to Jadeja at fine-leg region;
42.4;1;Sharma to Hauritz, 1 run backs away to push it to deep cover;
42.3;1lb;Sharma to Johnson, 1 leg bye short in length, on the middle and leg, jabbed to the on side. Ishant rushes after it and flicks from very close to the stumps but misses! The batsman, though, was in by then;
42.2;1;Sharma to Hauritz, 1 run moves outside leg, mistimes the drive to right of Tendulkar at mid-off;
42.1;?;Sharma to Hauritz, no run length delivery on the off stump line, punched to mid-off;
41.6;?;Nehra to Johnson, no run again, moves outside leg stump, has a big slog but doesn't connect. The ball flies past the leg stump;
41.5;?;Nehra to Johnson, no run yorker length around the off and middle, edged to the pad;
41.4;?;Nehra to Johnson, no run swing and a miss. He moved outside leg, had a big swing towards long-on. bat meets air and the ball bounces over middle stump;
41.3;1;Nehra to Hauritz, 1 run punches this length delivery to mid-off;
41.3;1w;Nehra to Hauritz, 1 wide bouncer on the middle stump line, ducked under;
41.2;4;Nehra to Hauritz, FOUR runs banged in short, upper cut towards third man and Harbhajan rushes in to take the catch but it drops short of him and bounces past his lunge;
41.1;1;Nehra to Johnson, 1 run moves outside leg, Nehra follows him with a very full delivery, driven down to long-on;
40.6;4;Jadeja to Hauritz, FOUR runs charges down the track and crashes the flighted delivery over the bowler's head and to the straight boundary;
40.5;?;Jadeja to Hauritz, no run comes down the track, Jadeja shortens the length and its defended back down the pitch;
40.4;?;Jadeja to Hauritz, no run;
40.3;1;Jadeja to Johnson, 1 run on the middle and leg, turned to Yuvraj at short fine-leg;
40.2;4;Jadeja to Johnson, FOUR runs moves outside leg and pulls the ball straight past the non-striker and long-off is wide and can't cut it off;
40.1;1;Jadeja to Hauritz, 1 run takes couple of steps down the track and drives to long-off;
39.6;1;Raina to Hauritz, 1 run short and down the pads so Hauritz clips it away for a single;
39.5;1;Raina to Johnson, 1 run too short and Johnson hits it off the back foot past cover;
39.4;1;Raina to Hauritz, 1 run too fine and he works it to square leg;
39.3;?;Raina to Hauritz, no run flatter ball and he punches it back off the back foot;
39.2;?;Raina to Hauritz, no run tossed up and driven back to the bowler;
39.1;?;Raina to Hauritz, no run tossed up on the stumps, turns in, he plays and misses;
38.6;1;Jadeja to Hauritz, 1 run change of pace, full on the stumps, pushed to mid-on for a quick run;
38.5;1;Jadeja to Johnson, 1 run flat on off stump and swept between square leg and midwicket;
38.4;1;Jadeja to Hauritz, 1 run slower now, tossed up outside off and he pushes it to cover;
38.3;W;Jadeja to Voges, OUT bowled! Voges gets across too far, exposing the stumps, and tries to sweep from outside off stump but the ball clips his front pad and glove and rolls onto the sticks;Adam Voges b Jadeja 36 (64m 44b 1x4 0x6) SR: 81.81;
38.2;1;Jadeja to Johnson, 1 run good ball, flatter this time, pushes Johnson back and he works the ball to midwicket;
38.1;1;Jadeja to Voges, 1 run slogs and gets away with a miscue, the ball flies up in the air and lands between midwicket and mid-on safely;
37.6;6;Harbhajan to Johnson, SIX runs has had enough of trying to get it through the off side field and lifts this superbly over long-on.. big hit;
37.5;?;Harbhajan to Johnson, no run moves outside leg, and mistimes the cut to Yuvraj at cover;
37.4;?;Harbhajan to Johnson, no run fuller, on the off stump line, squeezed to right of backward point. Confusion between the two batsmen but Johnson is sent back in time;
37.3;4;Harbhajan to Johnson, FOUR runs moves outside leg, Harbhajan slows up the pace, and Johnson waits and waits before forcing it through extra cover;
37.3;1w;Harbhajan to Johnson, 1 wide down the leg side and Sahiba extends his arms;
37.2;?;Harbhajan to Johnson, no run;
37.1;?;Harbhajan to Johnson, no run on the middle and leg, turned to midwicket;
36.6;1;Jadeja to Johnson, 1 run full outside off stump, edges the drive to the on side;
36.5;W;Jadeja to Marsh, OUT He charges out again but this time, Jadeja gets the ball to go straight with the arm, outside off stump, past the big swing, and Marsh is stranded down the track;Shaun Marsh st ?Dhoni b Jadeja 21 (25m 21b 1x4 1x6) SR: 100;
36.4;4;Jadeja to Marsh, FOUR runs steps out and lofts it well to the right of long-on where PK tries to push it back to the stumps but pushes it beyond the ropes;
36.3;1;Jadeja to Voges, 1 run again goes for the sweep but hits it straight to deep midwicket;
36.2;?;Jadeja to Voges, no run goes for the big sweep but misses it completely; the ball lands outside off and turns away;
36.1;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run spins in from outside , placed wide of cover for a single;
35.6;1;Harbhajan to Marsh, 1 run turned to short fine-leg region;
35.5;1;Harbhajan to Voges, 1 run goes back to punch it to long-on;
35.4;1lb;Harbhajan to Marsh, 1 leg bye on the pads, tries to sweep and collects a leg bye;
35.3;1;Harbhajan to Voges, 1 run from round the stumps, the batsman moves well outside the leg stump and cuts but cant' pierce the off-side field;
35.2;?;Harbhajan to Voges, no run flighted from round the stumps, driven to cover;
35.1;4;Harbhajan to Voges, FOUR runs drops it short and Vogues backs away to the leg side and cuts it really hard to the point boundary;
34.6;6;Jadeja to Marsh, SIX runs PK makes a mess at long-on It was lofted straight to PK who took the catch and stepped back and threads on the boundary ropes. He took it inside and couldn't avoid stepping back;
34.5;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run;
34.4;1;Jadeja to Voges, 1 run leans forward to chip the flighted delivery uppishly to cover and Raina has a shyt at the non-striker's end ad misses. had he hit, the batsman would have been run out;
34.3;1lb;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 leg bye;
34.2;1;Jadeja to Voges, 1 run slightly short in length, outside off, cut down to the off side;
34.1;1lb;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 leg bye loud shout for lbw but turned down. It turned in from the off stump line, goes past the attempted pull and hits the pad high ...It hit him on the off stump line and hawk eye suggests it wuold have hit the middle ...;
33.6;1;Yuvraj to Marsh, 1 run on the off stump line this time, eased to long-off;
33.5;?;Yuvraj to Marsh, no run on the middle and leg, turned to Raina at midwicket;
33.4;1;Yuvraj to Voges, 1 run fetches it from well outside off and paddles it away;
33.3;1;Yuvraj to Marsh, 1 run on the middle and leg, flicked to right of square-leg where Jadeja makes a diving stop;
33.2;?;Yuvraj to Marsh, no run fuller, quicker, turned to midwicket;
33.1;1;Yuvraj to Voges, 1 run leans well forward to drive a flighted delivery to long-off;
32.6;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run threatens to come out but changes mind and just stabs it to the on side;
32.5;1;Jadeja to Voges, 1 run quicker, flatter, on the leg and middle, deflected wide of midwicket;
32.4;?;Jadeja to Voges, no run slower, fuller, on the off stump, edges the drive to the on side;
32.3;?;Jadeja to Voges, no run the arm-ball, Voges is on the back foot and pushes it to the on side;
32.2;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run;
32.1;2;Jadeja to Marsh, 2 runs outside off stump, skids on straight, cut away to deep backward point region;
31.6;2;Yuvraj to Voges, 2 runs flighted ever so slowly outside off, driven to cover where Raina fumbles to give away runs;
31.5;1;Yuvraj to Marsh, 1 run on the middle and off line, guided to backward point;
31.4;1;Yuvraj to Voges, 1 run floated on the off and middle, driven down to long-on;
31.3;1;Yuvraj to Marsh, 1 run slows up the pace, flighted outside off, defended to point;
31.2;1;Yuvraj to Voges, 1 run on the middle, coming in with the arm, whipped towards deep midwicket;
31.1;1;Yuvraj to Marsh, 1 run tossed up slowly, driven through the on side for a single;
30.6;?;Jadeja to Voges, no run quickish, on the off stump line, defended to cover;
30.5;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run leans forward to on drive the full delivery to long-on;
30.4;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run turns in to the middle, worked to square-leg;
30.3;W;Jadeja to Hussey, OUT He took out Ponting with a good delivery in the last game; takes out Hussey with a lovely one tonight. It landed on a length outside off and turned in sharply. Hussey chose to go back instead of coming forward and was surprised by the amount of turn. It went right through the bat and pad gap to disturb the furniture.;Michael Hussey b Jadeja 53 (80m 60b 6x4 0x6) SR: 88.33;
30.2;?;Jadeja to Hussey, no run turns in to Hussey who deflects it to midwicket;
30.1;?;Jadeja to Hussey, no run floated full in length, pushed out to midwicket;
29.6;1;Yuvraj to Hussey, 1 run flighted on the middle and leg, flicked away for a single;
29.5;?;Yuvraj to Hussey, no run goes right back to defend to the off side;
29.4;1;Yuvraj to Voges, 1 run quicker one on the pads, swatted down to PK at fine leg;
29.3;1;Yuvraj to Hussey, 1 run goes for another reverse sweep but top edges it short of PK at short third man;
29.2;4;Yuvraj to Hussey, FOUR runs goes for the reverse sweep and connects well this time. He hit that short-of-length delivery to deep backward point boundary. 50 up for Hussey. 26th ODI fifty;
29.1;1;Yuvraj to Voges, 1 run just outside off, slightly short in length, cut to right of Gambhir at sweeper cover;
28.6;?;Harbhajan to Hussey, no run big swing and a miss. It was flighted outside off, Hussey went for the big slog sweep and missed;
28.5;4;Harbhajan to Hussey, FOUR runs just outside off stump, Hussey cuts it past diving Yuvraj at point and no one in the deep to cover up... a boundary after a long time;
28.4;1;Harbhajan to Voges, 1 run turns in to the middle and leg, worked past square-leg;
28.3;1;Harbhajan to Hussey, 1 run on the off stump line, cut away to sweeper cover;
28.2;1;Harbhajan to Voges, 1 run leans forward to drive it past the bowler;
28.1;?;Harbhajan to Voges, no run leans forward to defend to the off side;
27.6;2;Yuvraj to Hussey, 2 runs on the middle and leg, turned towards Gambhir at deep midwicket for couple of runs;
27.5;1;Yuvraj to Voges, 1 run slip in place for Voges who drives this full delivery to long-off;
27.4;1;Yuvraj to Hussey, 1 run on the middle stump line, dragged down to Gambhir at deep midwicket;
27.3;?;Yuvraj to Hussey, no run quicker, on the off stump line, cut away to cover;
27.2;?;Yuvraj to Hussey, no run slows up the pace, again goes on with the arm, Hussey is beaten, playing for the non-existent turn;
27.1;?;Yuvraj to Hussey, no run on the middle stump line, goes on with the arm, punched back to Yuvraj;
26.6;2;Harbhajan to Voges, 2 runs flighted on the middle stump line, flicked to right of Gambhir, running in from deep midwicket;
26.5;?;Harbhajan to Voges, no run spins in from outside off, defended to the off side;
26.4;?;Harbhajan to Voges, no run slower through the air, flighted outside off, defended on the front foot;
26.3;1;Harbhajan to Hussey, 1 run this one curves back in with the arm, Hussey is late in picking it but manages to squeeze it out to square-leg;
26.2;?;Harbhajan to Hussey, no run stays back to punch it to cover;
26.1;1;Harbhajan to Voges, 1 run turns in slowly to the off and middle line, clipped to Gambhir at deep midwicket;
25.6;?;Yuvraj to Hussey, no run quicker one, shorter in length, skids on, mistimes the pull straight to Raina at short midwicket;
25.5;1;Yuvraj to Voges, 1 run on the off stump line, driven past the diving Raina to long-off;
25.4;1;Yuvraj to Hussey, 1 run on the leg stump line, pushed to left of Raina at midwicket for a quick single;
25.3;?;Yuvraj to Hussey, no run slower, turns in to the middle stump, pushed away to Sehwag;
25.2;?;Yuvraj to Hussey, no run quicker, on the leg stump line, turned to midwicket;
25.1;?;Yuvraj to Hussey, no run floated outside off, driven to Sehwag at cover;
24.6;?;Harbhajan to Voges, no run slows up the pace, on the middle, flicked to right of midwicket where Raina makes a diving stop;
24.5;?;Harbhajan to Voges, no run turns in from outside off, hits the pad outside the line of off stump;
24.5;1w;Harbhajan to Voges, 1 wide lands on a length on the middle, turns down leg for a wide;
24.4;?;Harbhajan to Voges, no run low dipping full toss, jammed away to cover;
24.3;2;Harbhajan to Voges, 2 runs turns in slowly, wristed to backward square-leg and they rush back for the second run;
24.2;?;Harbhajan to Voges, no run turns in, worked to midwicket;
24.1;?;Harbhajan to Voges, no run stays back to punch it to the on side and Harbhajan makes a diving stop;
23.6;1;Yuvraj to Voges, 1 run on the off stump line, Voges pings long-off;
23.5;1;Yuvraj to Hussey, 1 run on the middle and off, punched away to long-off;
23.4;1;Yuvraj to Voges, 1 run leans forward to push it to cover point;
23.3;1;Yuvraj to Hussey, 1 run outside off stump, cut to backward point region for a single;
23.2;?;Yuvraj to Hussey, no run goes for another reverse sweep but Yuvraj slows up the pace further and the ball rolls away to midwicket;
23.1;2;Yuvraj to Hussey, 2 runs goes for the reverse sweep, sends it straight to short third man where PK makes a mess of it ...;
22.6;2;Harbhajan to Voges, 2 runs floated full outside off stump, steered through backward point for couple of runs;
22.5;1;Harbhajan to Hussey, 1 run short in length, quicker, cut away to sweeper cover;
22.4;?;Harbhajan to Hussey, no run just outside off, skids on, Hussey gets a bottom edge on the cut and it bounces behind the wicket;
22.4;1w;Harbhajan to Hussey, 1 wide on the leg stump line, goes for the sweep but misses;
22.3;1;Harbhajan to Voges, 1 run slower, turns in, deflected wide of midwicket;
22.2;?;Harbhajan to Voges, no run on the off stump line, defended to the on side;
22.1;1;Harbhajan to Hussey, 1 run full in length, eased down to long-off;
21.6;?;Yuvraj to Voges, no run slower through the air, really full in length, pushed out to Raina at midwicket;
21.5;?;Yuvraj to Voges, no run on the leg and middle line, turns to get a leading edge to cover;
21.4;1;Yuvraj to Hussey, 1 run on the middle and leg, turned past square-leg;
21.3;2;Yuvraj to Hussey, 2 runs fuller, just outside off, steered very fine through vacant slip region;
21.2;3;Yuvraj to Voges, 3 runs lands on a length around off stump and turns away, steered wide of first slip;
21.1;1;Yuvraj to Hussey, 1 run around the off stump line, pushed wide of Sehwag at cover for a single;
20.6;W;Harbhajan to White, OUT White has been repeatedly trying to get down the track but has been unable to reach the pitch of the ball. And he has adjusted by jabbing it away,. But this time, he tries to go through with the shot and only succeeds in lobbing a dolly to Raina at straight ish midwicket.;Cameron White c Raina b Harbhajan Singh 23 (55m 42b 3x4 0x6) SR: 54.76;
20.5;1;Harbhajan to Hussey, 1 run moves right back to dab it behind square-leg for a single;
20.4;1;Harbhajan to White, 1 run fetches it from the off stump and sweeps it down to Nehra at deep backward square-leg;
20.3;?;Harbhajan to White, no run stays at his crease and defends the off break back down the track;
20.2;?;Harbhajan to White, no run skips down the track but is beaten in flight and by the shortening of the length and he adjusts to stab it to midwicket;
20.1;1;Harbhajan to Hussey, 1 run slightly short in length, just outside off, cut away to deep cover;
19.6;?;Yuvraj to White, no run on the middle, moving on straight, pushed back to the bowler;
19.5;?;Yuvraj to White, no run moves down the track but can't reach the pitch of the ball and turns it to midwicket;
19.4;?;Yuvraj to White, no run quicker, arm ball, skidding on to the off, defended to the on side;
19.3;1lb;Yuvraj to Hussey, 1 leg bye on the leg stump line, slower through the air, Hussey is through with the flick a touch early and is struck on the pad;
19.2;1;Yuvraj to White, 1 run slower, fuller outside off, pushed out to point;
19.1;?;Yuvraj to White, no run short in length but skids on towards middle, White crouches quickly to keep it out;
18.6;1;Harbhajan to White, 1 run eased down to long-on for a single;
18.5;?;Harbhajan to White, no run tries to come down the track but has to adjust to the shortening of the length and jabs it away;
18.4;?;Harbhajan to White, no run flighted outside off stump, full in length, White doesn't quite lean forward, just pushes his bat away from the body and edges it down the track;
18.3;1;Harbhajan to Hussey, 1 run on the off stump line, skids on from short of length, cut down to sweeper cover;
18.2;1;Harbhajan to White, 1 run comes down the track, Harbhajan shortens the length, squeezed out to backward square-leg;
18.1;1;Harbhajan to Hussey, 1 run lands slightly short in length, cut away to sweeper cover;
17.6;?;Sharma to White, no run length delivery on the middle stump line, defended to the on side;
17.5;1;Sharma to Hussey, 1 run back of length, on the off and middle line, Hussey presses back, taps the ball close on the off side and off he goes for the single;
17.4;?;Sharma to Hussey, no run pushes it across Hussey who mistimes the cut to Raina at cover;
17.3;1;Sharma to White, 1 run full in length, shapes away, squeezed to left of backward point to Jadeja;
17.2;1;Sharma to Hussey, 1 run back of length, just outside off stump, cut down to third man;
17.1;?;Sharma to Hussey, no run full in length, around the off stump, steered to backward point;
16.6;1;Harbhajan to Hussey, 1 run full in length, driven down to long-off;
16.5;1;Harbhajan to White, 1 run picks it from the off stump and sweeps it to Nehra at deep backward square-leg;
16.4;?;Harbhajan to White, no run turns in a bit more than White anticipated; he was looking to cut but jabs it away in the end;
16.3;?;Harbhajan to White, no run full, turns in, worked to the on side;
16.2;1;Harbhajan to Hussey, 1 run lands it short in length, cut away to covers where there is fumble by Raina ..;
16.1;1;Harbhajan to White, 1 run on the middle stump line, turned past square-leg;
15.6;4;Sharma to Hussey, FOUR runs sharp well-directed bouncer, on the middle stump line, Hussey is late on the pull and it flies of the top-edge high over Dhoni;
15.5;1;Sharma to White, 1 run length delivery outside off stump, punched on the up to deep cover;
15.4;?;Sharma to White, no run banged in short, on the middle, a surprised Cameron White jumps to fend it away to backward point;
15.3;?;Sharma to White, no run full in length, on the middle and off stump line, White leans forward to push it back to the bowler;
15.2;?;Sharma to White, no run length delivery on the off stump line and moves away lightly, left alone;
15.1;4;Sharma to White, FOUR runs back of length delivery but some width on offer and White crashes it on the up and gets it past to left of diving Nehra at mid-off;
14.6;?;Harbhajan to Hussey, no run on the middle, straightens, defended on the front foot;
14.5;?;Harbhajan to Hussey, no run slower, on the middle and leg, defended to midwicket;
14.4;?;Harbhajan to Hussey, no run skids on quickly just outside off, dabbed away ..;
14.4;1w;Harbhajan to Hussey, 1 wide even more quicker, but slips down the leg side;
14.3;4;Harbhajan to Hussey, FOUR runs Three in a row. Husseeeyyyyyyyy. It was short in length, quicker, flatter and Hussey unfurls a fine crunchy cut shot;
14.2;4;Harbhajan to Hussey, FOUR runs on a length, turns away from Hussey who goes right back to cut it past point. It landed just outside off and spun away further;
14.1;4;Harbhajan to Hussey, FOUR runs overpitched outside off stump and Hussey crashes it through the off-side field.;
13.6;?;Sharma to White, no run full in length and in that corridor, left alone;
13.5;1;Sharma to Hussey, 1 run just outside off stump, Hussey opens the bat-face and runs it down to third man;
13.4;?;Sharma to Hussey, no run back of length, bounces towards the off and middle line, defended to the off side;
13.3;?;Sharma to Hussey, no run good ball, length delivery skidding on straight to the middle, Hussey stays back to push it away to the on side;
13.2;1;Sharma to White, 1 run length delivery straightening on the off stump line, good bounce there, dabbed down to third man;
13.1;1;Sharma to Hussey, 1 run full delivery, around off stump line, driven to left of short cover where Raina makes a half-stop;
12.6;4;Praveen to White, FOUR runs slightly slower one, full and drifting in towards middle and leg, White chips it in the air but well clear of mid-on and it runs away to the boundary;
12.5;?;Praveen to White, no run short in length, around the off stump, moving away, punched down to mid-off;
12.4;1;Praveen to Hussey, 1 run pushes it across Hussey who cuts it down to Gambhir at deep cover;
12.3;1;Praveen to White, 1 run full in length, some width outside off and driven down to deep cover;
12.2;?;Praveen to White, no run from slightly wide of the crease, length delivery that moves away late, squeezed out to backward point;
12.1;?;Praveen to White, no run lands full in length, on the middle and off, shapes away slight, leans forward to defend;
11.6;1;Sharma to White, 1 run good probing delivery, cutting in from around the off stump line, White lunged forward, took the bottom-hand off the handle and stabbed the ball off the inner edge to right of square-leg where a tumbling save is made by Tendulkar;
11.5;?;Sharma to White, no run back of length, outside off stump, punched away to backward point;
11.4;?;Sharma to White, no run really full, on the middle, gunning for that lbw, White is ready, makes sure that front foot isn't pressed across and pushes the ball down to mid-on;
11.3;?;Sharma to White, no run just outside off stump, goes through straight, White lets it pass him;
11.2;?;Sharma to White, no run And again. White covers his off stump and allows the length delivery to pass through to the keeper;
11.1;?;Sharma to White, no run full in length, lands outside off and rushes on to Dhoni;
10.6;?;Praveen to Hussey, no run gets this one to straighten on the middle and Hussey watchfully plays it down to the off-side of the pitch.;
10.5;?;Praveen to Hussey, no run And again. PK in middle of a fine spell here. It lands full in length on the off stump line and curves away, Hussey is beaten as he tries to push forward to defend;
10.4;?;Praveen to Hussey, no run superb delivery, luring Hussey forward before leaving him very late past the outside edge;
10.3;?;Praveen to Hussey, no run lands in on a length around off and shapes it away, left alone;
10.2;?;Praveen to Hussey, no run full in length, moving away from Hussey who shoulders arms;
10.1;W;Praveen to Ponting, OUT trapped right in front. PK has taken out the big wicket of the Australian captain and the crowd roar their approval. It was a length delivery that cut in from just outside off. Ponting was on the front foot, looking to drive on the up but is beaten by the inward movement. He was struck in line on the off and middle line and he has to go. PK ran straight to Ishant to celebrate, followed by wildly happy Raina and the other team-mates;Ricky Ponting lbw b Kumar 12 (24m 16b 2x4 0x6) SR: 75;
9.6;?;Sharma to White, no run full in length, on the middle, turned down to mid-on;
9.5;?;Sharma to White, no run length delivery rushing through the off-stump channel, Dhoni collects;
9.4;?;Sharma to White, no run short in length and outside off stump, left alone;
9.3;4;Sharma to White, FOUR runs short in length and outside off stump and White lashes out at the width, forcing it through cover point;
9.2;?;Sharma to White, no run short of length delivery outside off and left alone;
9.1;W;Sharma to Watson, OUT Ishant strikes first ball. It kicked up high from short of length, Watson was pressing forward before he tried go back and dab it to third man. However, he was done in by the extra bounce. At the last minute, he tried to adjust by taking out the bottom hand off the handle but only succeeded in guiding the ball straight and low to Tendulkar at first slip;Shane Watson c Tendulkar b Sharma 19 (41m 26b 3x4 0x6) SR: 73.07;
8.6;?;Praveen to Ponting, no run straightens on the middle stump line, pushed out to mid-on;
8.5;?;Praveen to Ponting, no run full in length, around the off stump line, coming in a bit, Ponting shapes to punch it on the up towards cover but edges it to mid-on;
8.5;1w;Praveen to Ponting, 1 wide goes for the slower one but slips down the leg side;
8.4;?;Praveen to Ponting, no run full and outside off, Ponting is beaten on the drive. Perhaps, he went too hard into the shot and the bat came down in an awkward angle;
8.3;?;Praveen to Ponting, no run on the middle stump line, full in length, Ponting gets forward, gets his bat around the pad and flicks it uppishly towards midwicket;
8.2;?;Praveen to Ponting, no run around the off stump line, steered to Jadeja at backward point;
8.1;1;Praveen to Watson, 1 run run out missed. It was pushed towards midwicket and they rushed across. Gambhir with the throw but misses the sticks at the non-striker's end.;
7.6;4;Nehra to Ponting, FOUR runs short in length, on the middle stump line, Ponting goes right back and wrists it between short midwicket and square-leg. And he has timed that one really well.;
7.5;?;Nehra to Ponting, no run slightly short in length and moving away from Ponting who goes for the pull but doesn't connect;
7.4;4;Nehra to Ponting, FOUR runs Lovely off drive. So easy on the eye. He leaned into the shot and caressed it past the non-striker;
7.3;1;Nehra to Watson, 1 run length delivery, pushed to left of Sehwag and to right of mid-on for a single;
7.2;?;Nehra to Watson, no run fuller in length, straightening on the middle stump, aiming for that lbw, but Watson gets the bat in front of the bat and deflects the ball to Sehwag at short midwicket;
7.1;?;Nehra to Watson, no run bangs it in short and slants it away across Watson who lets it go through to the keeper. Both batsmen get together for a chat;
6.6;?;Praveen to Ponting, no run on the off stump line, from back of length, Ponting goes back to punch it to cover point;
6.5;?;Praveen to Ponting, no run curves away from the off stump line, Ponting gets forward to push it to mid-off;
6.4;?;Praveen to Ponting, no run lovely delivery, lands on a length on the middle and curves to middle and off, Ponting stretches forward to defend;
6.3;1;Praveen to Watson, 1 run not all that far from the off stump but Watson chops it away for a single;
6.2;1;Praveen to Ponting, 1 run outside off stump, shapes away, timed sweetly but can;t quite pierce off-side field;
6.1;2;Praveen to Ponting, 2 runs leans forward to work it away past square-leg;
5.6;?;Nehra to Watson, no run slightly short in length, skids on towards off stump, Watson goes for the pull but mistimes it completely and the ball rolls to Sehwag at short midwicket;
5.5;4;Nehra to Watson, FOUR runs on the middle and leg line, back of length, Watson whips it past Gambhir at square-leg and the outfield is too quick;
5.4;?;Nehra to Watson, no run straightening on the middle stump line, Watson leans forward, gets the bat in front of the pad to defend.;
5.3;1;Nehra to Ponting, 1 run on the pads, clipped to Praveen at deep backward square-leg;
5.2;?;Nehra to Ponting, no run angling away from Ponting who shoulders arms;
5.1;1;Nehra to Watson, 1 run leans forward to drive to mid-on where Ishant has a shy at the non-striker's end but misses;
4.6;W;Praveen to Paine, OUT The leg stump goes for a walk and PK is thrilled. It was fuller this time and the ball cut back in from outside off. Paine went for the big swing over mid-on and edged it to his leg stump. 20 for 1.;Tim Paine b Kumar 8 (22m 14b 1x4 0x6) SR: 57.14;
4.5;4;Praveen to Paine, FOUR runs short in length, around the off stump, Paine stays back to pull it high over midwicket.;
4.4;?;Praveen to Paine, no run slightly slower one around the off and middle, jabbed out to cover;
4.3;?;Praveen to Paine, no run lands on a length around off stump, moves away, pushed out to cover. Slip and leg gully in place;
4.2;1;Praveen to Watson, 1 run full in length, on the middle, pushed towards mid-on for a single;
4.1;1;Praveen to Paine, 1 run shuffles across the stumps and flicks the ball from the middle to right of Nehra at deep backward square-leg;
3.6;?;Nehra to Watson, no run again deflected to Sehwag who has a shy at the stumps this time and Yuvraj backs up at mid-off;
3.5;?;Nehra to Watson, no run stays back to work this one Sehwag at short midwicket. Sehwag threatens to have a shy at the non-striker's end and has a laugh about it with Paine;
3.5;1w;Nehra to Watson, 1 wide tries to swing it back into the right-hand batsman but slips down the leg side;
3.4;?;Nehra to Watson, no run slants this one across Watson who tries to cut it but can't connect;
3.3;1;Nehra to Paine, 1 run on a length around the off stump, mistimes the punchy stroke towards Yuvraj at mid-off;
3.2;?;Nehra to Paine, no run back of length, on the off stump line, tries to run it down to third man but can't find the placement properly;
3.1;?;Nehra to Paine, no run length delivery on the middle, pushed back to Nehra who lunges to his right to stop;
2.6;4;Praveen to Watson, FOUR runs width on offer outside off and Watson, with his weight on the back foot, carves it past diving Jadeja at backward point.;
2.5;1;Praveen to Paine, 1 run leans forward to push it to covers for a single;
2.4;?;Praveen to Paine, no run And this one curves away - he is mixing up things here, and is beaten on the attempted slash;
2.3;?;Praveen to Paine, no run this one swings in and strikes the pad but it was going down leg side. Shout for lbw but umpire Shavir Tarapore has a easy decision to make;
2.2;?;Praveen to Paine, no run back of length, lands on middle and curves away, Watson wants to punch it to the off side but edges it to the on side;
2.1;?;Praveen to Paine, no run full in length, on the middle and off line, defended back to the bowler;
1.6;?;Nehra to Watson, no run fires in the bouncer on the off stump line, gets into the position to pull before withdrawing from the shot.;
1.5;1;Nehra to Paine, 1 run back of length, on the middle, pushed towards Ishant at mid-on for a quick single;
1.4;1;Nehra to Watson, 1 run another one swinging in, Watson has had problems with those deliveries in the past, but manages to stab this one to short fine-leg region;
1.3;?;Nehra to Watson, no run full and swinging in, trying for the lbw but drifts to middle and leg, flicked away hard but straight to Gambhir at square-leg;
1.2;?;Nehra to Watson, no run short in length around the off stump line, defended to the off side;
1.1;?;Nehra to Watson, no run length delivery on the off and middle line, Watson stays back to defend to the off side;
0.6;1;Praveen to Watson, 1 run length delivery, moving away from the middle stump line, squeezed out to left of backward point;
0.5;4;Praveen to Watson, FOUR runs full in length, on the middle and leg, Watson holds his balance to glance it away to the fine-leg boundary. The fielder was very square and he couldn't come across in time;
0.4;?;Praveen to Watson, no run;
0.3;?;Praveen to Watson, no run swings away from the off stump, Watson tries to slash it away but doesn't connect;
0.2;?;Praveen to Watson, no run again moving in to the middle, deflected to midwicket;
0.1;?;Praveen to Watson, no run full delivery, bit of movement, on the middle, defended back down the track;

Chris: "If Australia keep wickets in hand, and tick over the score in the middle overs, this has all the makings of a classic. The dew might come into play later on, but for now, the cricket will do the talking. Can't wait!"
 Innings Start
India
Australia
2nd ODI (D/N), Nagpur, Oct 28 2009, Australia tour of India
354/7
255
Player of the match is MS Dhoni, INDIA
India won by 99 runs
