Data
That pet peeve for not running that extra run put side, India seem to have done well especially after the ball moved around and beat the bat early on. There are three bowlers who have gone for under eight an over, but India have cashed in on the others. Shilkhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma and Virat Kohli all crossed 40 and scored at a quick rate. Do they have enough? In Adelaide 187 was enough. What happens at MCG will soon be known
19.6;1;Tye to Kohli, 1 run how can a team display such good awareness one ball and then not even try the second run next ball? Raina was happy to sacrifice his wicket on the fifth ball of the over, but on the last ball - and this is a criticism of perhaps every team in the world - batsmen don't risk hurting their average. This is hit to Maxwell at long-on again, Maxwell has had to collect it with his left hand, but India are happy with just the one. The red ink against the sure is ensured;
19.5;2;Tye to Kohli, 2 runs Tye has missed an easy run-out. Hit straight to long-on, and Raina sacrifices his wicket to give Kohli the strike. Maxwell's throw is accurate, Raina is miles away but Tye messes up the collection and gives them the extra run;
19.4;W;Tye to Dhoni, OUT full and wide goes Tye and Dhoni looks for one of his big hits over long-off, but gets too close to the ball and mis-hits him straight into the lap of long-off;MS Dhoni c Watson b Tye 14 (18m 9b 2x4 0x6) SR: 155.55;
19.3;1;Tye to Kohli, 1 run length ball, hit straight to long-off for one;
19.2;2;Tye to Kohli, 2 runs Kohli is down the wicket, is almost done in by a high full toss. Dhoni turns back aggressively, Watson fumbles under pressure at long-off;
19.1;4;Tye to Kohli, FOUR runs nicely bowled by Tye but what an incredible shot from Kohli to bring up his fifty. He is down the wicket, Tye nearly yorks him up, but Kohli has crunched this past extra cover for four. All along the ground, scorching the turf at it goes;
18.6;1;Faulkner to Kohli, 1 run slower bouncer down the leg side, Kohli has hit what would have been a wide for a single to long leg. Faulkner does his job. Only eight off that over;
18.5;1;Faulkner to Dhoni, 1 run flirting with that tram line again, draws a bottom edge from Dhoni on the cut. Goes for just the single;
18.4;1;Faulkner to Kohli, 1 run short of a length, outside off, drives it in the air towards deep point. Kohli slips at the non-striker's end, which is why they get just the one. Faulkner gives Kohli a hand;
18.3;1;Faulkner to Dhoni, 1 run smashed again but drags this across to deep midwicket for one;
18.2;4;Faulkner to Dhoni, FOUR runs this hasn't taken more than two seconds to reach the boundary. Dhoni sits on the back foot and absolutely smashes this full ball right back at Faulkner. Long-on and long-off have no chance here;
18.1;?;Faulkner to Dhoni, no run goes for the wide ball just inside the tram line. Dhoni lets it go. Not called wide. How cruelly it was called a wide when M Marsh bowled the last over during the SCG ODI;
17.6;1;Boland to Dhoni, 1 run full, outside off, driven to long-off for one;
17.5;4;Boland to Dhoni, FOUR runs hip high full toss, Dhoni loves it, he has sent it over square leg for four. India don't seem happy this is not called a no-ball, but this is not that high;
17.4;1;Boland to Kohli, 1 run slower short ball, tucked away off the hip for one;
17.3;4;Boland to Kohli, FOUR runs recovers well again. Kohli jumps at Boland who seems to have done him in with a wider slower ball, but Kohli's awareness is great. He scoops this square over point for four. Both point and third man are up in the circle;
17.2;2;Boland to Kohli, 2 runs nearly a yorker, low full toss, mis-hit towards deep midwicket, and because this has gone just past the 30-yard circle at midwicket, they come back for an easy second;
17.1;2;Boland to Kohli, 2 runs slower ball, dragged towards deep midwicket, under pressure to keep them down to one, Maxwell misfields running in from deep midwicket. Easy couple;
16.6;1;Tye to Kohli, 1 run on a length, on off, punched to long-on for one;
16.5;4;Tye to Kohli, FOUR runs Tye might have thought for a moment he has done Kohli in with a wide full ball as Kohli makes room, but he has reached out and steered it past point for four;
16.4;1;Tye to Dhoni, 1 run full outside off, driven to deep point for one;
16.3;2;Tye to Dhoni, 2 runs nearly gone first ball. Upper cut from Dhoni, lands to third man on the half-volley. Hastings has to run to his right and then dive to get his body behind this awkward ball;
16.2;1;Tye to Kohli, 1 run low full toss, hit to long-on for one;
16.1;?;Tye to Kohli, no run short of a length, hit straight to short straight cover;
15.6;W;Watson to Kohli, 1 run, OUT another run-out between Kohli and Sharma. Low full toss hit towards deep midwicket. Sharma runs back for the second, Kohli doesn't. Easy run-out for Australia. For Sharma it was always two, but Kohli had his hand up right away. Kohli seems to have slipped on the turn, and hence raised his hand in a no;Rohit Sharma run out (Maxwell/?Wade) 60 (69m 47b 5x4 2x6) SR: 127.65;
15.5;1;Watson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run slower offcutter, Sharma mis-hits a pull, but it doesn't carry to long-on;
15.4;1;Watson to Kohli, 1 run slower bouncer, he has pulled this to long-on for one;
15.3;1;Watson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run full and straight, driven to long-off for one;
15.2;1;Watson to Kohli, 1 run yorker, doesn't even go off the pitch, but Sharma steals the single;
15.1;4;Watson to Kohli, FOUR runs lovely placement again. Kohli jumps out of the crease, doesn't time this shot well, but he has gone over extra cover again, and gets four for it;
14.6;1;Boland to Kohli, 1 run good wide yorker, dug out for a single to extra cover;
14.5;?;Boland to Kohli, no run slower bouncer that follows Kohli as he backs away and beats him. A rare dot ball then;
14.4;6;Boland to Kohli, SIX runs that is a mis-hit that has cleared long-off comfortably. A mix of the short straight boundary and quality of bats. Kohli has withdrawn from the stumps and toe-ended this length ball for a six over long-off;
14.3;2;Boland to Kohli, 2 runs down the wicket and away from the stumps, Boland follows him with a really full delivery. Kohli has no room and manages just the single to long-on;
14.2;1;Boland to Rohit Sharma, 1 run short of a length, wide, late-cut to third man for one;
14.1;2;Boland to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs Sharma mis-hits this attempted drive down the wicket, but he has gone over extra cover and the ball lands safely;
13.6;4;Hastings to Kohli, FOUR runs down the wicket, is beaten by the slower ball, but he is in such confident mood he recovers and goes ahead with the shot and still manages to chip this over extra cover;
13.5;?;Hastings to Kohli, no run good bouncer, middle and leg, Kohli is ducking and belatedly looks to ramp it. Beaten;
13.4;4;Hastings to Kohli, FOUR runs wide length ball. Doesn't matter if it is a slower ball, Kohli has reached it and sent it flying over extra cover. Too much room there;
13.3;4;Hastings to Kohli, FOUR runs gets the upper cut right this time. Hastings bowls the quick short ball again, but this is a gentler pace. Kohli s ashes it over point;
13.2;?;Hastings to Kohli, no run quicker short ball this time, Kohli looks to play the powerful upper cut, but the extra bouncer beats him;
13.1;1;Hastings to Rohit Sharma, 1 run slower short ball, late-cut to third man;
12.6;1;Tye to Rohit Sharma, 1 run slower offcutter, runs off the inside half of the bat for a single;
12.5;1;Tye to Kohli, 1 run driven straight to extra cover and Finch fumbles to allow them a single;
12.4;2;Tye to Kohli, 2 runs good ball, but Kohli has played it just as well. Short ball that follows him and cramps him up totally, but Kohli still manages to guide it towards third man. Fine of third man actually;
12.3;?;Tye to Kohli, no run slower ball, 120ks, driven on the up, straight to short extra cover;
12.2;?;Tye to Kohli, no run on a length, outside off, looks to drive this to long-off, but can't place it wide enough of Tye;
12.1;1lb;Tye to Rohit Sharma, 1 leg bye short of a length, outside off, looking to work this to leg, is beaten and hit on the pad. He is outside the line of off;
11.6;1;Watson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run sharp low full toss, can't really get under it. Driven to long-on for one;
11.5;?;Watson to Rohit Sharma, no run sharp bouncer, head high, Sharma is beaten on the hook;
11.4;1;Watson to Kohli, 1 run and Kohli looks in good touch right away. Clips it away off the toes;
11.3;1;Watson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run full, on the pads, clipped to deep midwicket for one;
11.2;4;Watson to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs short of a length, outside off, and Sharma opens the face of the bat late and places it fine of third man. That brings up his fifty too;
11.1;?;Watson to Rohit Sharma, no run some seam movement from outside off and hits Sharma's thigh pad as he looks to work it to leg;
10.6;W;Maxwell to S Dhawan, OUT first wicket for Australia. Dhawan tries the reverse-sweep, a shot that is on because the point and third man are inside the circle, but Dhawan has found the man at point. Still doesn't have a fifty in T20 internationals, but a good start for India;Shikhar Dhawan c Lynn b Maxwell 42 (46m 32b 3x4 2x6) SR: 131.25;
10.5;1;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, 1 run low full toss, but no room for Sharma to swing his arms. Takes a single all along the ground to long-on;
10.4;1;Maxwell to S Dhawan, 1 run down the wicket, takes this on the full and drives it to long-off for one;
10.3;1;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, 1 run full, outside off, pushed to long-on for one;
10.2;2;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs works this length ball from outside off for a couple into the leg side. Once again he has pushed this just past the 30-yard circle. precise power behind the shot;
10.1;6;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs big flat six. Maxwell bowls a flat length ball on off, Sharma makes room and sends it sailing over long-off;
9.6;1;Boland to Rohit Sharma, 1 run another slower ball, hits the inside half of the bat, but they sneak in a single to midwicket;
9.5;?;Boland to Rohit Sharma, no run slower bouncer as Sharma dances down the wicket. Hits him on the left shoulder;
9.4;1;Boland to S Dhawan, 1 run short of a length, no room, dropped at his toes to complete a single;
9.3;?;Boland to S Dhawan, no run looks to run one down to third man but is beaten by the skiddy pace of Boland;
9.2;?;Boland to S Dhawan, no run on a length, on off, defended back to him after moving across the stumps;
9.1;1;Boland to Rohit Sharma, 1 run short of a length, into the body, pushed to midwicket;
8.6;1;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, 1 run full and straight, Sharma drives it for one. Good over for Australia: just the singles off it;
8.5;1;Maxwell to S Dhawan, 1 run down the wicket to drive this to long-off for one;
8.4;1;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, 1 run pushed through, short of a length, wide, punched to deep cover;
8.3;1;Maxwell to S Dhawan, 1 run slows this down a little, dropped into the leg side for one;
8.2;1;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, 1 run flat, short of a length, punched to deep midwicket for one;
8.1;1;Maxwell to S Dhawan, 1 run gentle full toss, knocked down to long-off for one;
7.6;1;Lyon to S Dhawan, 1 run non-turning length ball, on off, Dhawan rocks back, opens the face, takes the single;
7.5;2;Lyon to S Dhawan, 2 runs short of a length, into the hips, and again he has played this to just outside the 30-yard ring. Takes the second run easily;
7.4;1;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, 1 run flat outside off, punched to deep cover for one;
7.3;6;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs it doesn't matter where the keeper stands. This is a half-volley free hit, and Sharma has smashed this over long-on for six;
7.3;2nb;Lyon to S Dhawan, (no ball) 1 run high full toss, kept down to short fine leg for one. This is a no-ball then;
7.2;2;Lyon to S Dhawan, 2 runs short of a length, into the pads, bunted softly into the leg side for a couple. Precise hit. Sends the ball just past the 30-yard circle;
7.1;1;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, 1 run short of a length, outside off, goes for a single;
6.6;1;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 1 run slower ball, short, pulled away to deep midwicket for one;
6.5;1;Faulkner to S Dhawan, 1 run short of a length, tucked away off the hip for one;
6.4;6;Faulkner to S Dhawan, SIX runs lovely shot. A bouncer that follows Dhawan, who arches back, and ramps it over the keeper's head. From the leg-stump line he has sent this straight back;
6.3;4;Faulkner to S Dhawan, FOUR runs two dots and what does Dhawan do? He dances down the track, and mis-hits a length ball over mid-on. These bats... It nearly goes all the way;
6.2;?;Faulkner to S Dhawan, no run on a length, angling in, defended from the crease;
6.1;?;Faulkner to S Dhawan, no run nice comeback delivery from Faulkner after being taken apart in his first over. Beats Dhawan's drive with some away movement from just outside off;
5.6;1;Tye to S Dhawan, 1 run on a length, on off, swiped to mid-on. Straighter of mid-on for one;
5.5;1lb;Tye to Rohit Sharma, 1 leg bye slower ball, Sharma slogs around it, and is hit in the ribs. They still take a leg-bye;
5.4;?;Tye to Rohit Sharma, no run Sharma looks to play the big pick-up shot on a length ball, and is hit on the pads. Just early into the shot;
5.3;1;Tye to S Dhawan, 1 run on a length, pretty straight, drops it at his toes and goes for a single;
5.2;1;Tye to Rohit Sharma, 1 run extra bounce from Tye from just short of a length. Hits Sharma on the arm as he looks to work it to leg;
5.1;2;Tye to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs thick inside edge as Sharma looks to drive this length ball over mid-off. It falls safely wide of mid-on;
4.6;1;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 1 run slower legcutter, but they steal the single. This is dabbed towards the keeper and Dhawan calls Sharma through for the single;
4.5;4;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs lovely shot. Touch to go with the earlier power. This is a perfect yorker outside off, but Sharma has steered this between slip and short third man;
4.4;4;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs Sharma is loving some of the Faulkner medium pace. Another length ball, he gets under it, and drives it over mid-off. He has already made up for the slow start;
4.3;1;Faulkner to S Dhawan, 1 run full, outside off, driven to the right of mid-off for one;
4.2;1;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 1 run short of a length, on off, pushed wide of point for one;
4.1;4;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs Sharma gets stuck into Faulkner first ball. Moves across the stumps and ramps a length ball to the flne leg boundary;
3.6;?;Hastings to S Dhawan, no run short, around off, slight tennis-ball bounce, Dhawan doesn't repeat the mistake from Adelaide and pulls out of the ramp shot;
3.5;2;Hastings to S Dhawan, 2 runs moves around in the crease before driving a full delivery deep into the covers;
3.4;6;Hastings to S Dhawan, SIX runs that's huge. Dhawan might have hit this into his own house in Melbourne. A length ball on middle and leg, Dhawan clears the front leg, and slogs this over midwicket. Smack off the middle of the bat;
3.3;4;Hastings to S Dhawan, FOUR runs Dhawan gets into the act now. The outfield is not slow at all either. Jumps out of the crease, stays leg side of the ball, and cuts a short ball between point and cover-point;
3.2;1;Hastings to Rohit Sharma, 1 run full and straight, whipped away to long leg;
3.1;4;Hastings to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs Sharma finally makes a connection, and it is a sweet one. Hastings bowls a gentle length ball outside off, and Sharma crashes this over cover for four;
2.6;?;Boland to S Dhawan, no run short of a length, outside off, Dhawan opens up the front leg to pull, but is beaten by the angle across his body;
2.5;1;Boland to Rohit Sharma, 1 run drops this into the leg side for a single;
2.4;?;Boland to Rohit Sharma, no run more movement, Rohit looks to open the face and is beaten;
2.3;?;Boland to Rohit Sharma, no run another big swing and miss, as Boland stays outside off and just short of a length;
2.2;?;Boland to Rohit Sharma, no run short of a length, hits Sharma's bat high as he looks to punch. No run;
2.1;1lb;Boland to S Dhawan, 1 leg bye heavy ball first up, beats Dhawan's pull, hits his thigh pad, goes for a leg-bye;
1.6;1;Hastings to S Dhawan, 1 run walks across the stumps, looking for a big shot into the leg side, doesn't get any timing. Takes the single to midwicket;
1.5;?;Hastings to S Dhawan, no run short of a length, just outside off, punched to cover-point;
1.4;?;Hastings to S Dhawan, no run short of a length, on the hip, defended to leg;
1.3;?;Hastings to S Dhawan, no run short of a length, on off, pushed towards mid-off;
1.2;?;Hastings to S Dhawan, no run short of a length, on off, driven on the up, but doesn't time it well;
1.1;4;Hastings to S Dhawan, FOUR runs a pretty ordinary start from Hastings. Length ball on the pads, and Dhawan has whipped this away to fine leg for four;
0.6;?;Watson to Rohit Sharma, no run back to the line outside off, and Sharma is back to getting beaten by the away movement. Tries the big drive outside off;
0.5;4lb;Watson to Rohit Sharma, 4 leg byes too straight again from Watson. twice this over he has done this, and Sharma nicely glances this away for four to fine leg. Actually this is called leg-byes;
0.4;?;Watson to Rohit Sharma, no run more movement. Testing conditions here. Sharma looks to drive on the up, and is beaten outside off again;
0.3;?;Watson to Rohit Sharma, no run left alone outside off;
0.3;1w;Watson to Rohit Sharma, 1 wide big wide down the leg side. Perhaps looking to start too straight with the outswinger;
0.2;?;Watson to Rohit Sharma, no run swing from Watson, a swing and a miss from Sharma. Short of a length, outside off, Sharma goes for the drive on the up, but the movements beats his bat;
0.1;?;Watson to Rohit Sharma, no run short of a length, on off, defended by Sharma;

All is in readiness. Can India's men emulate their women who wrapped up the series earlier in the day? A familiar opening pair of Shikhar Dhawan and Rohit Sharma walks in. Sharma takes first strike. There are two slips in place. Shane Watson to bowl the first over
7.10pm Aaron Finch has won the toss, and has decided to bowl. He says if there is going to be any help in the pitch, it is going to be up front. Apart from the three debutants, John Hastings and Glenn Maxwell come in for Australia. Shaun Tait is out
India would have batted first anyway considering the wetter outfield right now than it will be later. India are unchanged
6.50pm Three more debuts handed out by Australia. Nathan Lyon, Andrew Tye and Scott Boland are handed their caps by Ryan Harris. And thankfully rain has relented
6.38pm India are seeing this tour as a one big tour of eight matches in which they trail 4-2 right now. Tonight is their chance of not only sealing this T20 series but also stay in contention of levelling the eight-match tour
Australia don't seem that serious about this series. They have sent some of their main players to New Zealand to prepare for the Test series there. There will be no Steve Smith or David Warner or Usman Khawaja tonight. Glenn Maxwell could be back. Will be interesting to see if they give Shaun Tait another go; would be very unlike them if they discard the experiment one match into it. Welcome to the live coverage of the second Twenty20 international between Australia and India. Ball one in one hour, at least so it is scheduled. It has been raining on and off in Melbourne, giving the Indian women the win on DLS system
 Innings Start
That's bring an end to what we had to offer for tonight. India men and women have both won their T20 series 2-0. Congratulations India. Thanks for joining us
"It was fantastic," says MS Dhoni. "The support was very good. It has always been very good even when we are not playing well. That Jadeja catch was fantastic. That was a crucial part of the game. No wonder commentators keep saying catches win matches. Spinners did a great job, also Hardik's over with that wicket was good. Bumrah has done well at death bowling. He has bowled yorkers. It is your choice if you want to bowl back of a length if the pitch is good, but if you are not bowling yorkers because you can't bowl them, you will go for runs."
Aaron Finch, down with his hamstring injury is not available to chat. "It was a big target," says Shane Watson. "We made a good start but lost our way. Their spinners are very very skilled. Even when it is not turning they are effective. They play a lot of T20 cricket. Aaron Finch has hurt his hamstring, the run-out made it worse. He is getting it assessed. Sunday is very important. At the moment we are testing out a few players, which makes it challenging, but it is also an opportunity for guys to put their hand up."
"I love coming to Australia," says Virat Kohli, the Man of the Match. "There is good pace, there is good bounce, I love the challenge, and we get good Indian crowds as well. Nothing different from back home I am very happy I could contribute at an important time. We sealed the series today. Shikhar took a bit of time getting into the one-day series, but he is showing how dangerous he is. And Rohit, once he gets going, there is no better sight. The way they went after the bowling it can demoralise sides."
Impressive series win for India. Dhoni takes a stump as a souvenir. So does Kohli. This has been a good comeback albeit against a second-string (or is it third-string?) Australian side. They have come back from four straight defeats at the start of this tour to win this T20 series with a match to go. A perfect game for them: a good opening partnership followed by Kohli fireworks, and spinners coming to the party with the game in the balance. Australia, well they need to respect the format if they want to get winning, but they have their preferences, and to each his own. Credit where it is due: Indian spinners have done it despite heavy dew
19.6;W;Bumrah to Tye, OUT and Bumrah finishes it off with a full ball. Not a yorker, but Tye is late onto it, and lets is squeeze under his bat. The off stump is pegged back;Andrew Tye b Bumrah 4 (3m 4b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
19.5;?;Bumrah to Tye, no run quick yorker, under his bat and just outside off;
19.4;4;Bumrah to Tye, FOUR runs nearly a yorker, but also nearly a half-volley. Tye scorches this past long-off for four;
19.3;?;Bumrah to Tye, no run slower short ball, beats Tye's swpie;
19.3;1w;Bumrah to Tye, 1 wide tries the short-ball variation... wide down the leg side;
19.2;W;Bumrah to Hastings, OUT and the traditional Bumrah yorker. In each of his three matches Bumrah has bowled a batsman with a yorker. This is swift, and aimed at the base of the middle stump. Too good for hastings;John Hastings b Bumrah 4 (11m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
19.1;1;Bumrah to Wade, 1 run full, yorker, dug out to long-off for a single;
18.6;1;Nehra to Wade, 1 run low full toss, ends a superb over with a sixth single off it;
18.5;1;Nehra to Hastings, 1 run full, into the pads, chipped away for a single;
18.4;1;Nehra to Wade, 1 run looks to ramp but gets just the single to short fine leg;
18.3;1;Nehra to Hastings, 1 run low full toss, will go for just the single to long-off;
18.2;1;Nehra to Wade, 1 run yorker, on off, dug out for a single to extra cover;
18.1;1;Nehra to Hastings, 1 run full and wide, driven to long-on for one;
17.6;?;Ashwin to Wade, no run same line wide outside off but this time slower in the air. Wade just toe-ends this back to Ashwin;
17.5;?;Ashwin to Wade, no run cleverly bowled by Ashwin. Sees Wade back away and bowls a quick one just inside the tram line. The little Wade can't reach it. Is beaten;
17.4;6;Ashwin to Wade, SIX runs down the wicket tp chip this length ball over midwicket for a six. Too late? Too little?;
17.3;1;Ashwin to Hastings, 1 run swept to fin e leg for one;
17.2;?;Ashwin to Hastings, no run carrom ball? No room, defended back to him;
17.1;1;Ashwin to Wade, 1 run makes room to push one into the off side for one;
16.6;W;Jadeja to Faulkner, OUT a freak stumping to make up for the one he missed earlier in the evening? Wide round-arm delivery, Faulkner looks for the big slog, inside-edges it into Dhoni's pads, and the ricochet goes on to the stumps. The third umpire is brought in, and the replay from square on shows his back foot has dragged out of the crease. Dhoni's gloves are close to the stumps when the ball hits the wicket, but the third umpire seems convinced it is not the gloves whodunnit. He doesn't ask for another replay. And rightly so;James Faulkner st ?Dhoni b Jadeja 10 (6m 7b 0x4 1x6) SR: 142.85;
16.5;2;Jadeja to Faulkner, 2 runs this will do for Australia. Full and straight, nearly a yorker, and off the inside edge it goes for a couple;
16.4;6;Jadeja to Faulkner, SIX runs Faulkner flickers. Takes a flat length ball from outside off and slogs it over midwicket for a six. They will need five more such hits if they are to win, though;
16.3;1;Jadeja to Wade, 1 run this is a wide down the leg side until Wade sweeps it straight to short fine leg for a single;
16.2;1;Jadeja to Faulkner, 1 run short of a length, punched to deep point for one;
16.1;1;Jadeja to Wade, 1 run down the wicket to get a single to deep midwicket;
15.6;?;Ashwin to Faulkner, no run Ashwin dives to his right, and as he gets a bad bounce, he bunts it towards short midwicket. Saves one run, and also keeps Wade on strike;
15.5;?;Ashwin to Faulkner, no run flatter delivery, Faulkner looks to go behind square on the off side, and is beaten by the skidding delivery;
15.4;1;Ashwin to Wade, 1 run big hit from Wade, gets a soft outside edge for a single to short third man;
15.3;1;Ashwin to Faulkner, 1 run dropped into the leg side for a single. Wade is in trouble, but Yuvraj has got himself into a tangle and lets him take the single;
15.2;W;Ashwin to Wade, OUT pushed to extra cover again but Finch takes the risk with his hamstring. And he is gone. Wade has failed to place the ball, put the pressure on Finch, who has run himself him out. Jadeja's throw is wide, but the hamstrung Finch is so short of his crease he has been run out. Finch run out Jadeja bowled Wade;Aaron Finch run out (Jadeja/?Dhoni) 74 (69m 48b 8x4 2x6) SR: 154.16;
15.1;?;Ashwin to Wade, no run on a length, offbreak, hit straight to short extra cover;
14.6;?;Jadeja to Finch, no run another roundarm delivery. This is shortish, quick and outside off, Finch makes room, and then leaves it alone. Perhaps not short enough to be cutting;
14.5;1;Jadeja to Wade, 1 run another single down the ground;
14.4;1;Jadeja to Finch, 1 run low full toss, driven hard to long-off for one;
14.3;1;Jadeja to Wade, 1 run driven to long-on for one;
14.2;W;Jadeja to Watson, OUT if Yadav's fielding last ball was good, this is nothing short of sensational. Watson has absolutely drilled this right back at the umpire's head. All eyes on the ducking umpire and the boundary but Jadeja gets both his hands in the air and takes this fuss free. It takes a brave man and an excellent fielder. Jadeja is both. Watson is impressed with Jadeja's effort. He is bemused but he is impressed;Shane Watson c & b Jadeja 15 (12m 11b 2x4 0x6) SR: 136.36;
14.1;2;Jadeja to Watson, 2 runs he has Malinaged this round arm. Would have been a wide had Watson not swept this hard and in the air towards Yadav at deep square leg. Yadav goes for the catch, but it reaches him on the half-volley. He has got his body behind it, and keeps them down to just two. This is good fielding;
13.6;2;Yuvraj to Finch, 2 runs full, middle and leg, bunted into the leg side for a two. Jadeja is quick and surprises them a little, but the batsmen make it eventually;
13.5;1;Yuvraj to Watson, 1 run on a length, middle and leg, driven to long-on;
13.4;?;Yuvraj to Watson, no run full, really full, drilled right back to Yuvraj;
13.3;?;Yuvraj to Watson, no run really full, in the block hole, a dive from Ashwin keeps them down to a dot. That dive from Ashwin notwithstanding this was an easy single given up by Australia;
13.2;1;Yuvraj to Finch, 1 run tries the big drive down the ground, gets a thick inside edge to long-on;
13.1;?;Yuvraj to Finch, no run no pace, no room, Finch cuts this from in front of the stumps, but gets no timing. Finds the man at point;
12.6;2;Hardik to Watson, 2 runs and short he bowls. This outside off so it cannot be pulled, but Watson has punched this past point for a couple;
12.5;4;Hardik to Watson, FOUR runs lovely touch. The third man has come up, and he steers a shortish delivery between the short third man and backward point. It races away;
12.4;?;Hardik to Watson, no run slower ball, short of a length, Watson goes to cut, but the lack of pace means he has hit this back to the bowler;
12.4;1w;Hardik to Watson, 1 wide short, down the leg side, beats the pull, but will be called a wide;
12.3;1;Hardik to Finch, 1 run short of a length, middle and leg, punched to deep midwicket for one;
12.2;1;Hardik to Watson, 1 run this time he steers a shortish ball to third man for one;
12.1;4;Hardik to Watson, FOUR runs is this the luck Australia need? A length ball outside off, Watson pushes at it, gets a regulation edge that beats third man to his left;
11.6;?;Yuvraj to Finch, no run on a length, on off, pushed to point;
11.5;1;Yuvraj to Watson, 1 run full, into the pads, punched to long-on for one;
11.4;W;Yuvraj to Maxwell, OUT MCG has gone mad. Yuvraj has got a wicket. Maxwell is gone. The quick Dhoni stumping is back. Clever bowling from Yuvraj. Maxwell gives him the charge, Yuvraj slips in the quicker wider one. Maxwell can't reach it, and the lightning quick work from Dhoni sends him back;Glenn Maxwell st ?Dhoni b Yuvraj Singh 1 (4m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
11.3;1;Yuvraj to Finch, 1 run full, middle and leg, Finch looks to go to cover, the ball doesn't turn, and goes to long-on off the inside half of the bat;
11.2;?;Yuvraj to Finch, no run full, really full, in the block hole, dug out back to him;
11.1;1;Yuvraj to Maxwell, 1 run short of a length, on off, pushed to extra cover for one;
10.6;?;Hardik to Finch, no run short of a length, outside off, beats him on the cut with a skiddy delivery;
10.5;W;Hardik to Lynn, OUT Pandya is doing everything for India right now. Slower ball, wide outside off. Lynn wants a replay of that huge six from Adelaide as soon as he sees a length ball, but this is slightly off pace, and takes a massive top edge towards short third man. Dhoni calls for it, gets rid of his hat, and takes the swirling ball cleanly;Chris Lynn c ?Dhoni b Pandya 2 (5m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
10.4;?;Hardik to Lynn, no run slower ball, wide outside off, bottom-edged towards the keeper, but on the bounce;
10.3;1;Hardik to Finch, 1 run nearly a run-out. Finch cuts this straight to Jadeja at point, takes off the single, and then gives up because Jadeja has got to this quickly. He fails with the direct hit, though;
10.2;2;Hardik to Finch, 2 runs short, slower outside off, tucked away past short fine leg for two;
10.1;1;Hardik to Lynn, 1 run short of a length, outside off, punched to deep cover for one;
9.6;1;Ashwin to Lynn, 1 run looks to work this offbreak to leg, gets a leading edge towards long-off for one;
9.5;W;Ashwin to Marsh, OUT and finally India hold on to a catch. Marsh jumps out of his crease, gets too close to the pitch of the ball, and doesn't get the elevation he wants when looking to hit over long-on. Pandya takes the catch there. Even this one nearly slips out of the finger tips;Shaun Marsh c Pandya b Ashwin 23 (41m 23b 2x4 0x6) SR: 100;
9.5;1w;Ashwin to Marsh, 1 wide wide, too far wide outside off;
9.4;1;Ashwin to Finch, 1 run and now Shikhar Dhawan drops one. This has been slog-swept straight into the lap of Shikhar Dhawan at deep midwicket. He has let this drop out of his hands. A real sitter;
9.3;2;Ashwin to Finch, 2 runs Rishi Dhawan is well inside the fence. Finch is down the wicket, beaten in the flight, and drop-kicks it towards deep square leg. Dhawan is getting lobbed and he is running back but can't get to the ball;
9.2;?;Ashwin to Finch, no run Finch backs away, Ashwin follows him, cramps him up, draws a dot;
9.1;1;Ashwin to Marsh, 1 run short of a length, punched down to long-on for a single again;
8.6;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run short of a length, into the pads, punched down to long-on;
8.5;1;Jadeja to Finch, 1 run flat length ball, Finch looks for the cut, gets a bottom edge as the cut is not on;
8.4;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run punched down to long-on for one;
8.3;1;Jadeja to Finch, 1 run swept away from outside off for a single to deep midwicket;
8.2;6;Jadeja to Finch, SIX runs Yadav has nearly taken a blinder but this will count as a drop in this age. Finch has mis-hit this pull towards deep midwicket. Yadav is running not just to his left but also back. He goes airborne, gets both hands to the ball but ends up parrying it over the rope;
8.1;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run flat delivery, punched down to long-on for one;
7.6;?;Ashwin to Finch, no run short of a length but not short enough to be pulled as Finch discovers. The mis-hit goes straight to midwicket but bounces three times before reaching the man;
7.5;1;Ashwin to Marsh, 1 run short of a length, into the pads, punched away into the leg side;
7.4;1;Ashwin to Finch, 1 run Finch backs away this time, gets a bottom edge on the cut, takes a single to short fine leg;
7.3;1;Ashwin to Marsh, 1 run down the wicket to chip this away for one towards long-on;
7.3;2w;Ashwin to Finch, 2 wide Ashwin predicts Finch will back away and fires one down the leg side. Concedes a leg-side wide as Finch stands his ground, and Dhoni concedes the bye;
7.2;?;Ashwin to Finch, no run flat, short of a length, punched to cover;
7.1;6;Ashwin to Finch, SIX runs Finch takes Ashwin on first ball. A big slog sweep that has gone more up than far. Manages to clear deep midwicket by inches;
6.6;1;Jadeja to Finch, 1 run makes room to cut away for a single again;
6.5;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run;
6.4;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run Stop the press. Dhoni has missed a stumping. At his best he completes this blindfolded. Marsh tries the big shot, the ball turns in and goes over the leg stump. For a change he has grabbed at this one. Just the slight extra bounce. I don't remember Dhoni missing such a stumping ever;
6.3;1;Jadeja to Finch, 1 run makes room again, cuts from in front of the stumps, gets a single to deep point;
6.2;2;Jadeja to Finch, 2 runs makes room, Jadeja shortens the length, cut in front of deep point for two;
6.1;?;Jadeja to Finch, no run nice and slow, middle and leg, defended back to Jadeja;
5.6;1;Bumrah to Finch, 1 run short of a length, angling in, worked past short fine leg for one;
5.5;4;Bumrah to Finch, FOUR runs half-volley outside off, a foot short of being a yorker, muscled away past mid-off, to his left, for four;
5.4;?;Bumrah to Finch, no run short and wide, just a touch too quick and he cuts this straight into the ground;
5.3;4;Bumrah to Finch, FOUR runs slower ball, a touch too full, Finch likes it, holds the shot back to adjust and chips this over mid-on for four;
5.2;1;Bumrah to Marsh, 1 run quick length ball, pushed to mid-on for a quick single;
5.1;4;Bumrah to Marsh, FOUR runs short from Bumrah but Marsh likes it short. He has pulled this behind square for four;
4.6;4;Nehra to Finch, FOUR runs gets the width. Might have sold Nehra the dummy. He backs away early, Nehra pushes this one wide, and then Finch cuts it between short third man and point for four;
4.5;2;Nehra to Finch, 2 runs slower short ball, but Finch has played around with the field again. Tucks this around the corner, past short fine leg, for a couple;
4.4;1;Nehra to Marsh, 1 run short of a length, slightly slower off the pitch, pushed towards midwicket for one;
4.3;1lb;Nehra to Finch, 1 leg bye slight seam back in from around middle and leg, and they still sneak in a leg-bye even though Nehra has had the better of this delivery;
4.2;2;Nehra to Finch, 2 runs short of a length, tucked away off the hips, to the right of deep square leg;
4.1;?;Nehra to Finch, no run slower ball, on a length, around off, hits the inside half of his bat;
3.6;1;Bumrah to Finch, 1 run short of a length, hits him high on the bat, but they have stolen a single under their nose;
3.5;1b;Bumrah to Marsh, 1 bye the pace here has surprised everybody. Quicker delivery, around off, seams back in to cut Marsh into two, goes over the stumps, and even Dhoni is surprised by the pace and concedes the bye;
3.4;?;Bumrah to Marsh, no run excellent cricket everywhere. Slower ball, on a length, just outside off, nearly beats him, but Marsh opens the face late to place it fine, but Dhoni is equal to it and puts in a dive to keep this to a dot;
3.3;1;Bumrah to Finch, 1 run short of a length, outside off, pushed to cover-point;
3.2;4;Bumrah to Finch, FOUR runs it is a cruel game this. Finch makes room, Bumrah bounces him, Finch has been beaten comprehensively, but the top edge goes fine for four. back over the keeper's head;
3.1;1;Bumrah to Marsh, 1 run short of a length, at the stumps, steered to third man for one;
2.6;4;Nehra to Finch, FOUR runs Finch plays around with the field. The fine leg is up in the circle and he moves across to flick a length ball from outside off past that man at short fine leg;
2.5;4;Nehra to Finch, FOUR runs short ball, outside off, Finch has short-armed this wide wide of mid-on for four all along the ground;
2.4;4;Nehra to Finch, FOUR runs poor ball by T20 standards. Short of a length, on the pads, and tickled away for four. This is pitched well outside leg;
2.3;?;Nehra to Finch, no run cramps him up on the punch, goes to cover;
2.2;3;Nehra to Marsh, 3 runs superb fielding by Pandya. Firstly Marsh has mis-hit this pull over mid-on, and then Pandya gives in the big chase. He puts in the dive at the end of the chase and keeps the ball in;
2.1;1;Nehra to Finch, 1 run down the wicket, Nehra drags the length back, and Finch gets a single off the soft pull;
1.6;1;Bumrah to Finch, 1 run length ball, angling in, dabbed away for a single;
1.5;4;Bumrah to Finch, FOUR runs mid-on is wide, and Finch loves this length ball. He drives on the up, and between the legs of the non-striker Marsh;
1.4;1;Bumrah to Marsh, 1 run fuller, driven straight of mid-off for a single. Kohli puts a dive to his left to save three runs;
1.3;?;Bumrah to Marsh, no run another cut but finds the man at point again;
1.2;?;Bumrah to Marsh, no run short of a length, outside off, cuts it nicely but straight to point;
1.1;4;Bumrah to Marsh, FOUR runs short of a length, middle and leg, Marsh has rocked back to pull this through midwicket for four. Pulls up near the fence but makes it;
0.6;?;Nehra to Finch, no run short of a length, outside off, hits the bottom half on the punch;
0.5;1;Nehra to Marsh, 1 run short of a length, wide outside off, punched past off;
0.4;1;Nehra to Finch, 1 run short of a length, middle and leg, straightens a touch, beats the inside edge, goes for a leg-bye;
0.3;1lb;Nehra to Marsh, 1 leg bye length ball into the pads, goes for a leg-bye;
0.2;?;Nehra to Marsh, no run short of a length, outside off, left alone by Marsh;
0.1;1;Nehra to Finch, 1 run short of a length, wide, punched away to square third man for one;

Welcome back with the chase. Ashish Nehra to open the bowling. Pressure on Aaron Finch. Big chase. Australia haven't won chasing 160 or more since the 2010 WT20 semi-final
 Innings Start
India
Australia
2nd T20I (N), Melbourne, Jan 29 2016, India tour of Australia
184/3
157/8
Player of the match is Virat Kohli, INDIA
India won by 27 runs
