Data
5.45pm Innings break India need 299 in the chase. It could have been a lot more if not for the last three overs from Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Mohammed Shami. They took 4 for 17 in the last 18 balls. Bhuvi getting the crucial scalps of Shaun Marsh and Glenn Maxwell. Could have saved India 10-20 runs, maybe more. Marsh was sublime. His seventh ODI century and his second in three matches. In oppressive heat he controlled the innings. Then Maxwell did what Maxwell does. He played with exceptional skill. Will it be enough though? It's a superb batting track. We'll be back soon enough to find out. Play is set to resume at 6.05pm local time.
49.6;6;Bhuvneshwar to Lyon, SIX runs launched over midwicket 20 rows back! Wow! Lyon gets him! Bhuvneshwar missed his spot, slower ball outside off, but it was the perfect hitting length, he stepped across and slogged this high over midwicket and got all of it!;
49.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Lyon, no run 118kph, slower ball outside off, he stands and slogs this time but misses;
49.4;4;Bhuvneshwar to Lyon, FOUR runs brilliant flick over short fine! 116kph, length slower ball outside off, Lyon picks it, steps outside off and flicks this up and over short fine leg! Super shot;
49.3;1;Bhuvneshwar to Behrendorff, 1 run 135kph, full into middle, he turns this out through midwicket;
49.2;1;Bhuvneshwar to Lyon, 1 run 135kph, yorker, on off, he digs this out to midwicket for a single;
49.1;W;Bhuvneshwar to Siddle, OUT caught by Kohli on the run at deep backward point! 4 for 3! Great running catch! Another length slower ball outside off, Siddle slices a drive high to deep backward point, Kohli has to sprint off the rope to get there and he catches it at full stretch, running at top pace!;Peter Siddle c Kohli b Kumar 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
48.6;W;Shami to Jhye Richardson, OUT caught at deep point! Another length off cutter slower ball wide off, he reaches out and slices this high to deep backward point, Shikhar Dhawan waits under it and takes the catch comfortably.;Jhye Richardson c Dhawan b Mohammed Shami 2 (8m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
48.5;1;Shami to Lyon, 1 run Missed run out! 131kph, yorker, perfectly executed, he blocks it and runs, Shami gathers as Lyon runs into him, he looks up and throws at the striker's but misses by miles! Maybe stunned by the knock on the head from Lyon!;
48.4;1;Shami to Jhye Richardson, 1 run 141kph, yorker on middle, he digs this out towards long on;
48.3;?;Shami to Jhye Richardson, no run 122kph, length slower ball over middle, he backs away, tries to play it as it grips off the surface but misses again;
48.2;?;Shami to Jhye Richardson, no run off cutter slower ball, 118kph, outside off, he tries to square drive but misses;
48.1;?;Shami to Jhye Richardson, no run 139kph, yorker on off, he clears the left leg and squeezes this out to cover;
47.6;1;Bhuvneshwar to Jhye Richardson, 1 run 136kph, full on off, he pushes this to cover and goes with the stroke;
47.5;W;Bhuvneshwar to Marsh, OUT caught at long off! Bhuvi does it again with a slower ball! Good length slower ball outside off, Marsh lofts this towards long off but doesn't nail it, Jadeja, like DK, camps 15 metres in off the rope and takes the easy catch! Superb innings from Marsh ends with 13 balls remaining;Shaun Marsh c Jadeja b Kumar 131 (182m 123b 11x4 3x6) SR: 106.5;
47.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Marsh, no run 117kph, slower ball, angled wide off, he let it go thinking it might have been a wide but it was just inside the guideline. Well bowled;
47.3;W;Bhuvneshwar to Maxwell, OUT caught at deep long off! Undone by a 119kph slower ball. It was a good length and wide, Maxwell tried to loft this over cover, but he dragged it to long off, DK stands 15 metres in off the rope and takes the catch easily;Glenn Maxwell c Karthik b Kumar 48 (55m 37b 5x4 1x6) SR: 129.72;
47.2;1;Bhuvneshwar to Marsh, 1 run 135kph, yorker speared in at leg stump, he clips this out through square leg;
47.1;1;Bhuvneshwar to Maxwell, 1 run 118kph, wide half-volley, outside the wide line, he jumps out and slaps it to cover. Would have been a wide if he'd let it go;
46.6;1;Siraj to Maxwell, 1 run full into middle and leg, he whips this out through midwicket to the sweeper;
46.5;?;Siraj to Maxwell, no run 141kph, bouncer, outside off, he tries to upper cut and misses, it's not called for height. Well bowled;
46.4;4;Siraj to Maxwell, FOUR runs 138kph, low full toss, he sits back and whips this through midwicket and the timing is good enough to beat wide long on running around!;
46.3;1;Siraj to Marsh, 1 run full outside off, he lofts a cover-drive straight if the man in the deep;
46.2;1;Siraj to Maxwell, 1 run dropped by Rohit Sharma at cover! Almost a freakish catch! It was crushed at cover, Rohit threw his right hand up above his head, it almost stuck, he had three bites at it but couldn't hold on!;
46.1;2;Siraj to Maxwell, 2 runs wide half-volley, he carves this in the air towards the man at deep point and it's just short of him running in, they get two;
45.6;2;Bhuvneshwar to Marsh, 2 runs 136kph, full on middle, he drives back past the bowler, straight of long on and they get an easy two;
45.5;6;Bhuvneshwar to Marsh, SIX runs 121kph, length ball in the slot, Marsh clears the right leg and heaves this way over deep square into the Members! Right in the hitting arc and he cashed in;
45.4;1;Bhuvneshwar to Maxwell, 1 run 116kph, length slower ball wide of off, he toes a cut shot to cover, runs with the stroke a misfield on the circle means there's no run out chance;
45.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Maxwell, no run 115kph, slower ball wide of off, Maxwell swings very hard and misses. Beautifully bowled. Deceived for pace;
45.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Maxwell, no run wide yorker, well bowled, slides under the bat outside off;
45.1;2;Bhuvneshwar to Maxwell, 2 runs 117kph, length slower ball, he carves it to deep cover-point, Maxwell calls two and takes on the throw and beats it easily!;
45.1;1w;Bhuvneshwar to Maxwell, 1 wide 118kph, slower ball, right on the guideline outside off, Maxwell backs away but the umpire calls wide! Unlucky there. Not sure that was a wide;
44.6;1;Shami to Maxwell, 1 run 136kph, thigh high full toss, he sits back and whips this with a flourish behind square;
44.5;1;Shami to Marsh, 1 run wide half-volley he cracks a square drive firmly to deep point;
44.4;6;Shami to Marsh, SIX runs length on leg, 131kph, and Marsh pumps this over the short boundary way back into the stands at square leg! A gift from Shami. Marsh says thank you!;
44.3;1;Shami to Maxwell, 1 run 122kph, slower ball, follows him down leg as he backs away, he glances in the air just short of short fine! They get one as the fielder knocks it down;
44.2;?;Shami to Maxwell, no run 127kph, slower ball, length outside off, he goes leg side again but misses. Maxwell yells at himself for missing that;
44.1;4;Shami to Maxwell, FOUR runs 138kph, full toss on off, he steps outside leg and lofts this up and over cover! Incredible hands to slice it into the gap! Deliberately done;
43.6;4;Siraj to Marsh, FOUR runs full toss wide of off, Marsh cracks a cover-drive, smoking it past the man in the circle to the rope! Easy pickings.;
43.5;1lb;Siraj to Maxwell, 1 leg bye 139kph, low full toss, inside edge onto pad, it rolls past off stump to short third man;
43.4;4;Siraj to Maxwell, FOUR runs 139kph, full and wide, Maxwell backs away reaches out with one hand and slices this past backward point and away to the rope! What a shot!;
43.3;?;Siraj to Maxwell, no run Given LBW! Maxwell reviews. Was this sliding down? It was fired into full and angling leg side. He tried to whip and was beaten for pace. Nothing on hot spot. Nothing on RTS. No bat involved. Ball tracking says missing leg stump! Not out. Good review from Maxwell;
43.2;?;Siraj to Maxwell, no run 140kph, length into leg, he went to flip this over the short square boundary as well, got a thick inside edge onto pad;
43.1;4;Siraj to Maxwell, FOUR runs 117kph, chest high slower, Maxwell is back and hammering a pull shot to the short square boundary!;
42.6;1;Kuldeep to Maxwell, 1 run short on off and middle, rocks back and pulls along the ground to the left of deep square leg;
42.5;1;Kuldeep to Marsh, 1 run short outside off, slapped to deep point;
42.4;6;Kuldeep to Marsh, SIX runs flights it now, outside off, and Marsh steps out and lofts it inside-out, easily clears the wide long-off boundary. Not the greatest over from Kuldeep, this;
42.3;1;Kuldeep to Maxwell, 1 run flatter, the flipper/slider out of the front of the hand, on middle and off. Maxwell gets forward and shows the full face to pick up a single to long-off;
42.2;6;Kuldeep to Maxwell, SIX runs bam! That's marginally short on off stump, and Maxwell is back in a flash. Slowness of the pitch helps too, and the slowness of Kuldeep. Swivels powerfully through the hips to pull it away, high over the midwicket boundary;
42.1;1;Kuldeep to Marsh, 1 run once again, a touch short outside off, and Marsh slaps up his thousandth single to the off-side sweeper off Kuldeep;
41.6;?;Siraj to Maxwell, no run fullish on off stump, Maxwell plays a checked drive to extra-cover;
41.5;1;Siraj to Marsh, 1 run in the blockhole on middle and off, makes a bit of room and squeezes it away through cover point;
41.4;1;Siraj to Maxwell, 1 run full on middle stump, whipped away to deep square leg;
41.3;?;Siraj to Maxwell, no run length ball close to off stump, creates some inward angle by going wide of the crease. Maxwell blocks to short extra-cover;
41.2;1;Siraj to Marsh, 1 run slower ball, back of a length, angling across to off stump. Waits on it and dabs to third man;
41.1;1;Siraj to Maxwell, 1 run length ball angling in towards off stump, jabbed away to the left of mid-off;
40.6;?;Kuldeep to Marsh, no run shortish outside off, chopped to the left of backward point, where Jadeja gets to the ball in a flash to cut off the single;
40.5;1;Kuldeep to Maxwell, 1 run shortish googly, not much turn. Just goes with the angle towards off stump. Goes deep in his crease to pull to deep midwicket;
40.4;1;Kuldeep to Marsh, 1 run and there's the hundred, lovely innings from Marsh, this, his seventh ODI hundred. Down the track, typically, to get there. Flighted ball outside off and he drives it to long-off to bring up the landmark;
40.3;?;Kuldeep to Marsh, no run down the track and Kuldeep straightens his line, jabbed back to the bowler;
40.2;4;Kuldeep to Marsh, FOUR runs floated up slow outside off, makes a bit of room and slashes it away nicely to the left of backward point. The sweeper on that boundary sprinted hard to his right and put in a sprawling drive, but to no avail;
40.1;3;Kuldeep to Maxwell, 3 runs shortish, turning down leg, and Maxwell helps it away towards the fine leg boundary. Karthik chases it all the way from square leg to stop it near the boundary;
39.6;1;Jadeja to Maxwell, 1 run flat outside off, opens his bat face to stab into the backward point region;
39.5;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run down the track again, slows it down this time on a middle-and-leg line. Driven to long-on;
39.4;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run down the track now and Jadeja again fires it in full, at his feet. Whipped to midwicket;
39.3;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run fired in quick on off stump, spotted Marsh premeditating and hanging back. Forced to jam down quickly on it to defend;
39.2;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run flat, fullish on middle stump, clipped to midwicket;
39.1;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run length ball turning in towards off stump, defended to midwicket;
38.6;?;Shami to Maxwell, no run another yorker, angling into middle stump. Digs it out, plays it back to the bowler;
38.5;1;Shami to Marsh, 1 run length ball on the stumps, shuffles across and clips it to deep square leg;
38.4;1;Shami to Maxwell, 1 run in the blockhole close to off stump, jabs down on it and squeezes it to the right of backward point;
38.3;4;Shami to Maxwell, FOUR runs oh my, top edge, and four lucky runs for Maxwell. Digs it in short again, outside off, and Maxwell has to jump up to make any sort of contact with his attempted hook. The top edge loops over Dhoni and rolls down to the boundary;
38.2;1;Shami to Marsh, 1 run back of a length on off stump, lets it come on and dabs gently to the right of backward point;
38.1;1;Shami to Maxwell, 1 run back of a length, close to off stump, punched to sweeper cover;
37.6;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run flat again, on middle stump, clipped to straight midwicket;
37.5;4;Jadeja to Marsh, FOUR runs shot. Jadeja had tucked him up for room right through this over. Finally he gets one outside off, and can free his arms. Gets on the front foot and slog-sweeps powerfully to the wide long-on boundary;
37.4;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run length ball turning into the pads, worked to square leg;
37.3;1;Jadeja to Maxwell, 1 run back of a length on off stump, punched to deep point;
37.2;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run back of a length on middle and leg, worked away to the right of the diving square leg fielder;
37.1;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run flat, speared into the pads, clipped off the front foot to square leg;
36.6;?;Shami to Maxwell, no run another bouncer, sharper one this time. Maxwell gets across his crease and just about manages to get his front shoulder out of the way;
36.5;?;Shami to Maxwell, no run Shami greets him with a bouncer rising over off stump. Ducks down low to get under it;
36.4;W;Shami to Stoinis, OUT and he gets him next ball. Shortish outside off, doesn't climb as high as Stoinis expects as he goes for the pull. Only manages a bottom edge through to Dhoni;Marcus Stoinis c ?Dhoni b Mohammed Shami 29 (40m 36b 3x4 0x6) SR: 80.55;
36.3;4;Shami to Stoinis, FOUR runs bam. Full and outside off and Stoinis smacks it back down the ground with the full face showing. A half-chance for Shami, had to stretch his left arm out to catch it at about chest height. Only got his fingertips to it, though;
36.2;4;Shami to Stoinis, FOUR runs digs it in short outside off, gets it up to shoulder height, and Stoinis does very well to put that away, sees it early and swats it away, in the air but wide of mid-on;
36.1;1;Shami to Marsh, 1 run shortish, gets up to hip height on off stump, pulled to deep square leg;
35.6;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run skips out of his crease and Jadeja bowls it full, at his feet. Clipped away to deep square leg;
35.5;1;Jadeja to Stoinis, 1 run back of a length on off stump, flat-batted down the ground to long-on;
35.4;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run length ball turning in towards off and middle, clipped away through midwicket;
35.3;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run back of a length, closer to off stump, chopped to backward point;
35.2;4;Jadeja to Marsh, FOUR runs shot! Flat length ball outside off, and Marsh uses that bit of width expertly. Gets on the front foot, lets the ball come on, and cuts it late to beat backward point to his right;
35.1;1;Jadeja to Stoinis, 1 run shortish, pulled to deep midwicket from outside off stump;
34.6;1;Bhuvneshwar to Stoinis, 1 run back of a length outside off, dabs it towards point with soft hands and gets that single he had been after for a while;
34.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Stoinis, no run length ball on off stump, punched to mid-off;
34.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Stoinis, no run back of a length outside off, Stoinis shuffles across and out of his crease to get close to the ball and push into the covers. The fielder at short extra moves quickly to his left to cut off the single. Dhawan, I think;
34.3;1;Bhuvneshwar to Marsh, 1 run ooh, nearly. Length ball close to off stump. Possibly didn't quite come on the way Marsh thought it would. Comes forward to knock a short single into the cover region, ends up inside-edging, on the bounce, past his leg stump;
34.2;2;Bhuvneshwar to Marsh, 2 runs back of a length on the pads, worked away to the right of long leg;
34.1;1;Bhuvneshwar to Stoinis, 1 run back of a length, fifth-stump line, lets it come and jabs it into the cover point region to give the strike back to Marsh;
33.6;2;Kuldeep to Marsh, 2 runs once again some flight, driven along the ground this time to the right of long-on;
33.5;4;Kuldeep to Marsh, FOUR runs down the track - he's done this right through the innings, whenever he's seen it tossed up above his eyeline - and he skips away from the line just a little to give himself room to swing through a nice, clean arc and loft it flat, back over the bowler's head;
33.4;1;Kuldeep to Stoinis, 1 run tossed up outside off, stretches forward, waits, and dabs gently to the left of backward point;
33.3;?;Kuldeep to Stoinis, no run flatter, slanted across to a wide-ish line outside off. Not short enough to cut and Stoinis leaves it alone;
33.2;2;Kuldeep to Stoinis, 2 runs flighted lavishly once more and this time Stoinis looks to stay slightly leg-side of the ball and drive inside-out. Ends up slicing it into the point region;
33.1;?;Kuldeep to Stoinis, no run floated up slow and full on off stump, driven back powerfully but too close to the bowler to profit from it;
32.6;1;Bhuvneshwar to Stoinis, 1 run back of a length on off stump, jumps across to work it through square leg;
32.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Stoinis, no run length ball on off stump, clipped to midwicket;
32.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Stoinis, no run back of a length, close to off stump, punched to short extra;
32.3;1;Bhuvneshwar to Marsh, 1 run length ball on middle and off and Marsh is a little slow taking off for the single after pushing to mid-off. Makes it easily in the end, not the smoothest of pick-ups and throws from Jadeja, for a change, and he misses the stumps too;
32.2;1;Bhuvneshwar to Stoinis, 1 run back of a length, angling into off stump, goes back and across to tuck it away through square leg;
32.1;1;Bhuvneshwar to Marsh, 1 run length ball slanting away from off stump, stays back to jab into the point region;
31.6;2;Kuldeep to Stoinis, 2 runs length ball pitching on middle and off and turning towards leg. Shuffles across without coming forward or going back, and tickles it away into the fine leg region. Would have been worth an lbw shout if he'd missed;
31.5;1;Kuldeep to Marsh, 1 run flighted ball on middle stump, nice stride forward to drive to long-on;
31.4;1;Kuldeep to Stoinis, 1 run back of a length, pitches on leg stump and he goes right back once more to work it with the spin through backward square leg;
31.3;1;Kuldeep to Marsh, 1 run loops it up outside off and Marsh is out of his crease to squeeze a drive past the diving backward point fielder;
31.2;1;Kuldeep to Stoinis, 1 run back of a length, turning into the pads, goes deep in his crease to work it round to deep backward square leg;
31.1;1;Kuldeep to Marsh, 1 run shortish outside off, slapped hard and Jadeja dives right at cover to make a good stop;
30.6;?;Siraj to Stoinis, no run back of a length, a little closer to off stump, punched to backward point;
30.5;?;Siraj to Stoinis, no run fullish outside off, sixth-stump line, left alone;
30.4;1;Siraj to Marsh, 1 run back of a length, close to off stump, lets it come to him and meets it when it's almost past him, with an adroitly angled blade, to help it down to third man;
30.3;1;Siraj to Stoinis, 1 run length ball on middle stump, shows the full face for a pushed single to mid-on;
30.2;4;Siraj to Stoinis, FOUR runs drifts onto the pads and that's sensational timing from Stoinis, basically just let it come to him and clips it away when it's right under his eyes. Fine leg didn't have a lot of distance to cover to his left but it was past him before he could even react;
30.1;?;Siraj to Stoinis, no run back of a length close to off stump, punched firmly to extra-cover;
29.6;2;Jadeja to Marsh, 2 runs sharp turn again, heading down leg, Marsh opens up to whip it through square leg;
29.5;1;Jadeja to Stoinis, 1 run shortish, pitching on the stumps and turning a fair bit away to give Stoinis some width. Slapped to deep point;
29.4;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run lovely quick feet out of the crease to the flighted ball on middle and off, clips it away through square leg;
29.3;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run sharp spin from a middle-stump line. Beats the flick to hit the front pad. Easily missing leg, though;
29.2;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run flat length ball close to off stump, driven firmly back to the bowler;
29.1;1;Jadeja to Stoinis, 1 run fullish, slanting across to pitch just outside off. Stretches out nicely to lap-sweep to the right of short fine leg;
28.6;1;Siraj to Stoinis, 1 run wide of the crease again, fullish and anging into off stump. Clipped to deep midwicket;
28.5;?;Siraj to Stoinis, no run back of a length on off stump, defended to midwicket;
28.4;?;Siraj to Stoinis, no run whoa, lovely delivery. Full, angling into the fifth-stump line from wide of the crease, and some late, late swing takes it past the outside edge as Stoinis goes for a hard-hands drive, aiming towards mid-off;
28.3;?;Siraj to Stoinis, no run full, fairly wide outside off with a tiny bit of outswing. Reaches out to stab towards extra-cover;
28.2;?;Siraj to Stoinis, no run back of a length outside off, left alone;
28.1;1;Siraj to Marsh, 1 run full, slanting away into a wide-ish line outside off, driven to deep point;
27.6;?;Jadeja to Stoinis, no run lovely delivery, floats this one across the right-hander and pitches it outside off, inviting the drive into the covers. Stoinis isn't fully forward to it, and the ball dips on him and spins past his outside edge;
27.5;?;Jadeja to Stoinis, no run length ball on off stump, blocked to short extra;
27.4;?;Jadeja to Stoinis, no run a bit more flight, not as full. Comes forward to defend and he gets a thickish outside edge to backward point;
27.3;?;Jadeja to Stoinis, no run full on off stump, defended to short extra-cover;
27.2;W;Jadeja to Handscomb, OUT Stumped! Slick from Dhoni! Handscomb tried to sweep a very full ball, was beaten by length, it spun past off, Dhoni takes it well, Handscomb's back foot is out of the crease, he didn't realise. Dhoni did. He whipped the bails off and Handscomb looked down and saw his foot was out!;Peter Handscomb st ?Dhoni b Jadeja 20 (36m 22b 2x4 0x6) SR: 90.9;
27.1;?;Jadeja to Handscomb, no run tossed up angled across, he drives straight to cover;
26.6;4;Siraj to Marsh, FOUR runs short on the hip, 136kph, Marsh swivels and smacks this wide of fine leg for four! Too easy for Marsh. He is so quick on anything there;
26.5;?;Siraj to Marsh, no run good length wide of off, he tried to cut but mistimed it cover;
26.4;1;Siraj to Handscomb, 1 run 135kph, fuller outside off, he square drives to deep point;
26.3;4;Siraj to Handscomb, FOUR runs steps way outside off and glances this from off stump! It runs fine and races away, DK dives at fine leg but can't make the save!;
26.2;?;Siraj to Handscomb, no run 136kph, good length on off, he drives slices this as his bat came down across the line, back to the bowler;
26.1;?;Siraj to Handscomb, no run 134kph, good length, fourth stump line, he defends on the front foot to backward point;
25.6;2;Jadeja to Marsh, 2 runs 95kph, good length outside off, he skips out and drives very nicely on the up against the turn past cover wide of long off for a couple;
25.5;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run fired in on off, he defends on the front foot;
25.4;1;Jadeja to Handscomb, 1 run fuller, pushed through on off, he drives towards long off and Jadeja gets in a tangle with Marsh meaning the ball could roll away for one;
25.3;?;Jadeja to Handscomb, no run shorter on off, he's back and punching this straight back to Jadeja;
25.2;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run shorter length on leg, he's back and tucking this through forward square;
25.1;1;Jadeja to Handscomb, 1 run tossed up on leg, he turns this behind square leg for an easy one;
24.6;?;Shami to Marsh, no run 142kph, length ball outside off, he has big swipe across the line and misses;
24.5;4;Shami to Marsh, FOUR runs 141kph, full on his pads and Marsh loves this stuff, he clips this elegantly through forward square, it races across the outfield to the short boundary!;
24.4;?;Shami to Marsh, no run 143kph, back of a length on leg, he's tucked up and forced to bunt it down into the leg side;
24.3;?;Shami to Marsh, no run 127kph, good length on off, he defends on the front foot to cover-point;
24.2;?;Shami to Marsh, no run back of a length on off, he's back and working this to midwicket;
24.1;?;Shami to Marsh, no run good length on off, he defends on the front foot to cover;
23.6;?;Jadeja to Handscomb, no run tossed up outside off, he reaches out to drive mistiming this to cover;
23.5;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run shorter on leg, he's back and working off the hip through square leg. 50 for Marsh. Two in a row. After a century against South Africa in November. He's played well in this format;
23.4;4;Jadeja to Marsh, FOUR runs 91kph, good length, he skips down and hammers a drive straight back past the bowler with power and beats wide long on who stood no chance! What a great shot;
23.3;1;Jadeja to Handscomb, 1 run 90kph, tossed up, outside off, he drives down to long off;
23.2;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run tossed up, he skips out and drives to long on;
23.1;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run shorter length, he's back and pulling to midwicket, Kohli makes a good stop;
22.6;1;Shami to Marsh, 1 run 140kph, on off, back of a length, he's back and chopping this off the inside edge just past leg stump! That wasn't far away, it rolled to fine leg;
22.5;1;Shami to Handscomb, 1 run 140kph, shorter outside off, he's back and running this off the face with a late cut to third man;
22.4;2;Shami to Handscomb, 2 runs 142kph, short ball, he swivels on the pull shot rolling this well wide of fine leg and DK runs around and makes a good diving save, but they get two;
22.3;?;Shami to Handscomb, no run 128kph, fuller outside off, he mistimes a drive to cover;
22.2;?;Shami to Handscomb, no run 138kph, shorter length on off, he is squared up on the back foot defending;
22.1;1;Shami to Marsh, 1 run 138kph, fuller on leg, he clips this to wide mid on and takes one with the fielder set on the circle;
21.6;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run shorter on leg, he's back and whipping this off his thigh to deep forward square;
21.5;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run 91kph, angled into leg, he turns this behind square to the fielder in the circle;
21.4;1;Jadeja to Handscomb, 1 run 94kph, tossed up outside off, he drives easily to long off;
21.3;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run shorter ball, he pulls over straight midwicket but wide long on is cutting this off, just the one;
21.2;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run fuller on middle and leg, he turns this behind square;
21.1;4;Jadeja to Marsh, FOUR runs 94kph, short ball, he jumps on this length, he's back and pulling this over midwicket into the gap and one bounce over the rope!;
20.6;4;Kuldeep to Handscomb, FOUR runs 75kph, shorter on off, he gives room and cuts with excellent timing and beats backward point! Nicely placed. Fast feet to get back and create the room. Great shot;
20.5;1;Kuldeep to Marsh, 1 run looped up on off, he skips out and drives firmly to long off;
20.4;1;Kuldeep to Handscomb, 1 run 75kph, tossed up on off, he dances out and pushes this past the bowler to long on;
20.3;1;Kuldeep to Marsh, 1 run tossed up on off, he skips down and drives to long on;
20.2;2;Kuldeep to Marsh, 2 runs tossed up, he drives, bouncing it over cover for a couple;
20.1;?;Kuldeep to Marsh, no run 80kph, leg break, on middle and leg, he's back, it slides on, he chops down on it to cover;
19.6;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run fuller on off, he drives with the spin to long on;
19.5;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run shorter, he cuts in the air but just short of short third man;
19.4;1;Jadeja to Handscomb, 1 run 93kph, tossed up closer to off, he drives on the front foot to long off;
19.3;?;Jadeja to Handscomb, no run tossed up outside off, he is happy to leave this alone;
19.2;2;Jadeja to Handscomb, 2 runs shorter outside off, he's back and pushing this past cover, nicely placed and they get two;
19.1;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run shorter outside off, he stands up and punches down to long on;
18.6;?;Kuldeep to Handscomb, no run wrong un outside off, he pushes out and defends;
18.5;1;Kuldeep to Marsh, 1 run looped up, he skips down and drives to long on;
18.4;?;Kuldeep to Marsh, no run 78kph, wrong un on off, he defends on the front foot into the off side;
18.3;W;Kuldeep to Khawaja, OUT Khawaja might be run out! Jadeja with a direct hit. It's sent upstairs He's OUT! it was pushed through outside off, he chops a cut to cover-point and runs, Jadeja swoops to his left, gathers one-handed, takes one step and fires with a rocket to the non-striker's and hits! Khawaja was only centimetres out! Brilliant fielding for Jadeja;Usman Khawaja run out (Jadeja) 21 (40m 23b 3x4 0x6) SR: 91.3;
18.2;?;Kuldeep to Khawaja, no run looped up, 73kph, he skips down and works this against the turn to midwicket;
18.1;1;Kuldeep to Marsh, 1 run 81kph. shorter leg break, he's back and cutting hard to deep cover;
17.6;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run fuller on middle and off, he turns this with the spin through square leg to the sweeper;
17.5;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run 91kph, shorter, spinning into off, he is back and punching off the back foot to cover-point;
17.4;2;Jadeja to Marsh, 2 runs shorter down leg, he glances this nicely fine for a couple;
17.3;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run shorter on leg, he pulls to the square leg on the circle;
17.2;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run shorter on leg, he turns it around the corner;
17.2;1w;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 wide fired down the leg side for a wide;
17.1;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run shorter on leg, he tucks it around the corner;
16.6;?;Kuldeep to Khawaja, no run edged and it's dropped by Dhoni! It was shorter, he went back to cut, flashed hard, got a thickish edge, tough to handle, it bounces off Dhoni and ricochet's wide of slip! Hard to know if the edge was too much to react to;
16.5;1;Kuldeep to Marsh, 1 run 73kph, tossed up outside off, he dances down and drives fluently to long off;
16.4;?;Kuldeep to Marsh, no run again he's down the track whipping to midwicket;
16.3;?;Kuldeep to Marsh, no run 78kph, full drifting into leg, he skips down and works this into the leg side but can't beat midwicket;
16.2;2;Kuldeep to Marsh, 2 runs short and wider, he late cuts, gets a top edge but it flies well wide of slip towards third man for a couple;
16.1;?;Kuldeep to Marsh, no run looped up very full on middle, he shuffles out and yorks himself;
15.6;4;Siraj to Khawaja, FOUR runs 135kph, short on the hip and he cracks a pull shot, classical stroke with the front knee up, he placed it perfectly between fine leg and deep square!;
15.5;1;Siraj to Marsh, 1 run 137kph, wide but a touch fuller, he's back and late cutting off the toe of the bat to third man;
15.4;4;Siraj to Marsh, FOUR runs cut hard in the air over backward point! 137kph, short and wide and Marsh thrashes his hands at it, carving it over backward point and it flies to the fence.;
15.3;1;Siraj to Khawaja, 1 run 140kph, short ball outside off, he pulls but doesn't time it, through square leg to the man in the deep;
15.3;1w;Siraj to Khawaja, 1 wide 134kph, pushed too far wide of off, and called a wide;
15.2;1;Siraj to Marsh, 1 run 137kph, back of a length, angled across the left-hander, he guides this with an open face to third man;
15.1;1;Siraj to Khawaja, 1 run 138kph, short into the rips, he swivels and rolls the wrists on a pull shot, hitting it hard to fine leg;
14.6;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run shortish googly, goes deep in his crease and pulls to deep midwicket;
14.5;1;Kuldeep to Marsh, 1 run down the track again, drives it hard and mid-on dives right to keep it down to one;
14.4;?;Kuldeep to Marsh, no run flatter and quicker now. Fairly full but he plays the trajectory rather than the length. Goes back and across and defends it back to the bowler;
14.3;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run back of a length, pitching on off stump and straightening away. Punched to sweeper cover;
14.2;?;Kuldeep to Khawaja, no run nicely flighted on off stump, Khawaja gets forward and defends into the off side;
14.1;1;Kuldeep to Marsh, 1 run down the pitch to the loopy off-stump ball. Meets it on the full and whips to deep midwicket;
13.6;4;Siraj to Khawaja, FOUR runs shortish on middle stump - it's not a long-hop, and it only gets up to stump height, but Khawaja's a damn good puller, gets across his stumps and puts it away, with his front leg up in the air and a lovely whip of his wrists to give it impetus, beats deep square leg throwing himself to his left;
13.5;1;Siraj to Marsh, 1 run back of a length on middle and off. Stays leg-side of the ball and runs it down to third man with an open face;
13.4;?;Siraj to Marsh, no run back of a length on off stump, defended towards backward point;
13.3;4;Siraj to Marsh, FOUR runs short, slanting away from off stump, but the ball sits up nicely and Marsh can pull it well in front of square, roll his wrists over it, and easily beat deep square leg to his left;
13.2;1;Siraj to Khawaja, 1 run back of a length on middle stump, whipped away to deep square leg;
13.1;?;Siraj to Khawaja, no run fullish outside off, Khawaja plays a forceful, wristy drive, straight to short extra-cover;
13.1;1w;Siraj to Khawaja, 1 wide short, down leg. Misses the pull and umpire Kettleborough signals wide;
12.6;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run full on leg stump, whipped down the ground to long-on;
12.5;1;Kuldeep to Marsh, 1 run full on middle and leg, clipped away through square leg;
12.4;?;Kuldeep to Marsh, no run back to that leg-stump line, worked into the leg side;
12.3;?;Kuldeep to Marsh, no run ooh, that's lovely. So far Marsh has sat on the back foot comfortably and this time Kuldeep's flight draws him forward. Dips and spins away sharply to beat his outside edge as he looks to stab through the covers with an angled bat;
12.2;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run back of a length, wrong'un coming in towards off stump. Goes on the back foot and punches to long-off;
12.1;1;Kuldeep to Marsh, 1 run shortish again, fairly wide, slapped to sweeper cover;
11.6;?;Siraj to Khawaja, no run fullish, close to off stump, Khawaja plays a checked drive to mid-off;
11.5;?;Siraj to Khawaja, no run length ball outside off, gets on the front foot and opens his bat face to ease it to backward point;
11.4;1;Siraj to Marsh, 1 run back of a length on middle and leg, tucked away through midwicket;
11.3;?;Siraj to Marsh, no run length ball slanting across to off stump. Lets it come to him and dabs to backward point with an open face;
11.2;?;Siraj to Marsh, no run back of a length on middle and leg, lets it come on and plays with soft hands to keep it down into the leg side;
11.1;?;Siraj to Marsh, no run ooh, that's pretty quick, 139kph. Back of a length and slanting away from off stump. Jabs away from his body and is beaten;
10.6;1;Kuldeep to Marsh, 1 run slow, short, a bit of width, slapped to sweeper cover;
10.5;?;Kuldeep to Marsh, no run another flighted ball on leg stump, clipped gently towards square leg;
10.4;?;Kuldeep to Marsh, no run tossed up slow, turning from leg to off. Marsh gets forward, waits, and blocks it back to the bowler. He's bowling really slow today;
10.3;?;Kuldeep to Marsh, no run back of a length outside off, sharp turn away from Marsh, who chooses to leave this alone;
10.2;2;Kuldeep to Marsh, 2 runs tossed up slow, wide of off stump, Marsh reaches out and plays a flat-bat drive to the left of deep point;
10.1;?;Kuldeep to Marsh, no run back of a length outside off, comes off the pitch quite slow as he shapes to cut. Ends up chopping it hard into the ground, towards backward point;
9.6;3;Siraj to Marsh, 3 runs fullish, angling into middle stump, clipped away wide of mid-on;
9.5;?;Siraj to Marsh, no run full now, outside off, gets forward for a checked push to cover;
9.4;?;Siraj to Marsh, no run and he gets his line right, angles this in towards the top of off stump. Marsh goes back and across to clip towards mid-on;
9.3;1;Siraj to Khawaja, 1 run back of a length, once again on leg stump, worked away to fine leg;
9.2;4;Siraj to Khawaja, FOUR runs on the pads again and Khawaja whips it away with a flourish, beats square leg to his left and there's no stopping it thereafter;
9.2;1w;Siraj to Khawaja, 1 wide once again the line is leg-sidish. A little further down leg and Khawaja can't connect with the tuck off the hip;
9.1;2lb;Siraj to Khawaja, 2 leg byes starts with a shortish ball at the hips, tucked away towards fine leg;
8.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Marsh, no run length ball pitching on off stump and continuing with the angle away. Left alone;
8.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Marsh, no run full on middle and leg, gets his front pad out of the way and shows the full face to block it back down the pitch;
8.4;1;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, 1 run length ball slanting across towards off stump, uses his wrists to whip it to the left of mid-on;
8.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, no run back of a length, close to off stump, gets back and across to punch to cover point;
8.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, no run nice length, slanting away from off stump. Khawaja is a little late getting on the front foot to drive, and Kohli throws himself to his left at gully to stop the thick edge from running away;
8.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, no run fullish on middle and off, a tiny bit of swing away from Khawaja, who stays on the back foot and defends into the covers;
7.6;?;Shami to Marsh, no run shortish, a bit of width, doesn't quite come on to the bat and Marsh has to check himself and chop it into the ground, towards backward point;
7.5;?;Shami to Marsh, no run bouncer first up, rising steeply over middle and leg, and Marsh has to jerk his front shoulder away from the line in a hurry;
7.4;W;Shami to Carey, OUT and Shami responds with a perfectly directed bouncer. This is great bowling from the two quicks. Angling across, and Carey looks to hook - he has to work against the angle, and meet the ball in front of his back shoulder. Can't get on top of it, and only manages to balloon it in the air towards midwicket, where Dhawan takes a couple of steps forward and pouches it safely;Alex Carey c Dhawan b Mohammed Shami 18 (33m 27b 2x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
7.3;4;Shami to Carey, FOUR runs nice length, pitching on off and continuing to angle away, and Carey's response is even better. The moment of weight transfer onto the front foot is just perfect, and he basically just meets it with the full face of his bat to send it racing between mid-off and extra-cover;
7.2;?;Shami to Carey, no run back of a length, pitching outside leg. Looks to flick and misses, and is hit on the pad;
7.1;2;Shami to Carey, 2 runs fullish, angling into a fourth-stump line. Steered towards third man with an open face;
6.6;W;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, OUT bowled him! Not the greatest shot Aaron Finch has played. This one's full, and Bhuvneshwar gets it to swing back in late. Finch goes for the big booming hit over mid-on, and only manages an inside-edge into his stumps. That shot was a result of all the pressure Bhuvneshwar and Shami have created with their lines to Finch. They've given him nothing in his areas today;Aaron Finch b Kumar 6 (28m 19b 0x4 0x6) SR: 31.57;
6.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run length ball homing in on the top of off stump. Finch brings his bat down nice and straight, full face showing, to block it back to the bowler;
6.4;1;Bhuvneshwar to Carey, 1 run back of a length on off stump, lets it come on and drops it gently into the cover point region to pick up one;
6.3;1;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, 1 run back of a length on off stump, gets back and across to tuck it to the left of square leg;
6.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run length ball close to off stump, punched into the covers;
6.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run fullish, angling into the stumps, flicked to midwicket;
5.6;3;Shami to Finch, 3 runs length ball close to off stump, punched on the up through cover point. Biggish gap between backward point and cover;
5.5;?;Shami to Finch, no run back of a length on off stump, punched back to the bowler;
5.4;1;Shami to Carey, 1 run good stop by Karthik at short extra-cover. Good length, a tiny bit of width, and Carey drives firmly on the up. Karthik dives to his left and parries it away;
5.3;?;Shami to Carey, no run full on off stump, driven to short extra-cover;
5.2;?;Shami to Carey, no run length ball slanting a long way across, left alone;
5.1;?;Shami to Carey, no run back of a length close to off stump, uses his wrists at the top of the bounce to play it back down the pitch;
4.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run length ball close to off stump, gets on the front foot to defend it back down the pitch, towards the non-striker;
4.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run length ball outside off, fifth-stump line, left alone;
4.4;1;Bhuvneshwar to Carey, 1 run back of a length on middle and leg, worked away into the backward square leg region;
4.3;1;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, 1 run a touch straighter, tucked away to fine leg;
4.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run ooh, again Finch gets in trouble with his front pad going across. A good length, swinging in late towards off stump, and Finch pulls his pad away at the last moment to defend with a straight bat, back towards the bowler;
4.1;1;Bhuvneshwar to Carey, 1 run back of a length on middle stump, tucked away quietly into the square leg region;
3.6;?;Shami to Finch, no run back of a length on off stump, defended with an open face towards backward point;
3.5;?;Shami to Finch, no run length ball close to off stump, punched towards mid-off;
3.4;1;Shami to Carey, 1 run length ball on off stump, pushed towards mid-off with soft hands and they sprint a quick single;
3.3;?;Shami to Carey, no run beauty. Length ball slanting across Carey, pitching within the stumps and forcing him to play a forward defensive. Leaves him slightly off the pitch to beat the outside edge;
3.2;1;Shami to Finch, 1 run fullish on off stump, picks up a single with a checked drive to the left of mid-off;
3.1;?;Shami to Finch, no run length ball, finishing on top of off, hits high on the inside half of the bat as Finch defends half-forward, towards midwicket;
2.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Carey, no run fullish, angling across to off stump, defended off the front foot to mid-on;
2.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Carey, no run length ball pitching on off and slanting further away, left alone;
2.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Carey, no run back of a length, finishing on around off stump, gets nicely behind it to defend it back towards the bowler;
2.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Carey, no run angled across again, pitching on about off stump and continuing to leave the batsman. This time Carey shoulders arms;
2.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Carey, no run this one is slanted a long way across and pitched nice and full. Chases away from his body, goes for the angled-bat drive, and fails to connect;
2.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Carey, no run again the line starts from outside leg stump. Looks to flick and can't connect, the front pad comes in the way;
2.1;1w;Bhuvneshwar to Carey, 1 wide back of a length, misses his line and ends up drifting marginally down leg. Carey misses the tuck off his hip and the umpire signals wide;

Heavy Rolla: "Only 490 km away from Adelaide in Woomera it's currently 46.5C and climbing. Wouldn't want to be coming in off a long run there this afternoon."
 Innings Start
10.00pm And that is that. The series is 1-1, the third ODI is on Friday at the MCG. Hopefully, we'll have a finale to remember. Until then, from Alex, Thilak and me, good night!
Virat Kohli (he's also the Player of the Match, so one less interview to transcribe, yay): "We wanted to try and restrict them in the end. I thought they were going to get away from us when Maxy and Shaun were in. Getting them in two balls was brilliant. I thought 298 was par on that wicket, with the start they had. Bhuvi was outstanding to pull things back for us. Vijay Shankar is in the squad, he's an allrounder, so that gives us an option to play around with - but we'll see how we go. But backing five bowlers and seeing it come off is pleasing as a captain. You look for little moments to pump you up, get into the zone, and that's what I was trying to do. I tried to stay as aware as possible in recognising the moment to strike. I thought those 2-3 overs were the moment, to bring the gap between runs and balls down. When it comes off it looks good. It was a really tough day. My pants are white with the sweat, the salts coming out. MS was tired as well, fielding for 50 overs and batting as well, it was tough. So a good day to rest and travel and recover and regroup for the MCG. Tonight was an MS classic. He takes the game till the end, when only he knows what's going on in his mind, and he backs himself to hit those big shots at the end. And hats off to Dinesh too, he came in and took the pressure off him."
Aaron Finch: "When you come up like a batting side against India, you know you have to get wickets regularly, and we ran into that man Dhoni as well. Credit to India, they played well. We played well as well, it was a good game of cricket. What we've been working towards is some real solid performances through the middle overs. I'm responsible for the Powerplays, and I've not been coming off. It's a matter of time, I think. It's not easy when you're not getting runs, but captaincy is separate from personal performance, and you have to be consistent with your actions. Shaun Marsh's was a hell of an innings. He was pretty cooked by the end of it. To get 138 in brutal conditions this afternoon, with that heat, and for us to get 298, was pleasing, but in the end they managed to get past that. I think it would have been nice to have Jhye bowl right at the end. He's been our best bowler, and we tried to use him earlier to try and take wickets."
Poor Aussie: "And yet another Shaun Marsh Century ends in defeat" -- Four out of seven now.
Shravan: "Exactly 100 runs in boundaries and 199 runs in 1s , 2s and 3s. That's a tremendous amount of running by Indians" -- I'll trust your math on this one. Too tired to fact-check!
Brutus_Shylock: "Let's not forget dhawan's blistering start which helped India get to a good start. Brilliant cameo." -- Yup, and a good innings from Rohit Sharma too.
Samar: "I think we would not have won it without DK , he was the one who actually got us the needed boundaries in the end, Dhoni's job became a bit easier." -- When DK bats like this, you look at his ODI average and wonder why.
9.45pm And with that, it's 1-1. An enthralling game here at Adelaide Oval, with Virat Kohli and MS Dhoni bringing all their chasing superpowers into play to make the difference in the end. Also remember the last three overs of Australia's innings - four wickets, and only 17 runs, just when Shaun Marsh and Glenn Maxwell were looking like taking the score to 320 or thereabouts.
49.2;1;Behrendorff to Dhoni, 1 run and there's the win. The field comes in, but there's still enough gaps to sneak that single. Full, close to off stump, and Dhoni clips it just wide of mid-on and hurries through to the other end. 2018 wasn't a great year for Dhoni. He's begun 2019 with two fifties in a row, the second one a vintage Dhoni chasing innings;
49.1;6;Behrendorff to Dhoni, SIX runs probably not. Back of a length on off stump, and MS Dhoni absolutely Dhonies this to bring up his fifty. Leans back, clears his front leg, and brings all that bottom-hand power into play to clear long-on as well. It'll be an interesting exercise to work out how many times he's hit this ball - 49.1 - for six in his ODI career;
48.6;1;Stoinis to Dhoni, 1 run fullish on off stump, and Dhoni goes for the big hit down the ground. Hits it pretty well, but straight to long-on, on the bounce;
48.5;3;Stoinis to Karthik, 3 runs someone asked where all the scoop shots were - here it is. Slower length ball outside off, and Karthik steps across and helps it nice and fine. There's no one at short fine leg, and the man at fine leg is quite wide, more long leg than fine leg. And that placement allows these batsmen to run three.;
48.4;1;Stoinis to Dhoni, 1 run back of a length on off stump, and Dhoni jabs it gently in front of extra-cover, a couple of yards to his right, and hustles through for a quick single;
48.3;1;Stoinis to Karthik, 1 run length ball on middle stump, shows the full face to drive to long-on;
48.2;2;Stoinis to Karthik, 2 runs fullish outside off, driven past the diving extra-cover's left hand, and to the right of sweeper cover;
48.1;1;Stoinis to Dhoni, 1 run down the track and Stoinis bangs it in short. Punches it with a straight bat to long-off;
47.6;2;Behrendorff to Karthik, 2 runs shuffles out of his crease and gets a fullish ball on off stump. Clipped away neatly, once more into that midwicket region;
47.5;3;Behrendorff to Dhoni, 3 runs shortish, leg-stumpish, jumps across and nudges it away into the fine leg region. Strays in line and Dhoni picks up a clever three;
47.4;1;Behrendorff to Karthik, 1 run another slower ball, full and fairly wide, driven to deep point;
47.3;1;Behrendorff to Dhoni, 1 run back of a length, off-stumpish, worked away to deep midwicket off the back foot;
47.2;1;Behrendorff to Karthik, 1 run loopy slower full-toss outside off, swatted down the ground to long-on. Managed to get some proper dip on it;
47.1;1;Behrendorff to Dhoni, 1 run back of a length, slanting across into a fourth-stump line. Lots of bottom hand in that whip to deep midwicket;
46.6;2;Stoinis to Karthik, 2 runs length ball on off stump, looks like the offcutter. Clips it down the ground, doesn't put too much weight behind his shot, and they can pick up two by the time long-on sprints forward and to his right to get to it;
46.5;?;Stoinis to Karthik, no run length ball outside off, driven to extra-cover;
46.4;4;Stoinis to Karthik, FOUR runs don't bowl short to Dinesh Karthik. Not today, at least. Sits up on an off-stump line, and he hits it up and over, into the gap between long leg and deep forward square leg;
46.3;2;Stoinis to Karthik, 2 runs low full-toss outside off, punches it with a straight bat to the left of long-off;
46.2;1;Stoinis to Dhoni, 1 run full outside off, opens his bat face slightly to ease it past the left-hand of the diving extra-cover fielder;
46.1;?;Stoinis to Dhoni, no run full, angling into off stump, blocked back to the bowler. I guess he was looking for the single to long-on but hit it straighter than intended;
45.6;1;Jhye Richardson to Dhoni, 1 run back of a length on off stump, shuffles across to tuck it through square leg;
45.6;1w;Jhye Richardson to Dhoni, 1 wide back of a length, gets his line all wrong. With pretty much everyone in the circle on the off side, he doesn't want to give Dhoni any width, and he ends up whanging it down the leg side. Dhoni merely steps across and shoulders arms;
45.5;1;Jhye Richardson to Karthik, 1 run length ball on off stump, clipped to the right of mid-on;
45.4;4;Jhye Richardson to Karthik, FOUR runs short, gets it up to shoulder height over off stump, and how good a shot is that from DK? Steps back and across, swivels, rolls his wrists over, and finds the gap to the right of deep square leg, nearly hooks it for six. Bounces just a foot or so short of the rope;
45.3;1;Jhye Richardson to Dhoni, 1 run back of a length on off stump, shuffles across and nudges it away through backward square leg;
45.2;1;Jhye Richardson to Karthik, 1 run full on middle stump, clipped to deep midwicket;
45.1;1lb;Jhye Richardson to Dhoni, 1 leg bye back of a length, angling into Dhoni's left hip. Tucked away to long leg;
44.6;1;Lyon to Dhoni, 1 run flighted and full on off stump, brings out that trademark straight-bat bottom-hand push to long-on to retain the strike;
44.5;2;Lyon to Dhoni, 2 runs back of a length on off stump, makes room and forces it past extra-cover diving left, and picks up two more;
44.4;?;Lyon to Dhoni, no run flat length ball sliding on towards off stump, clipped back to the bowler;
44.3;6;Lyon to Dhoni, SIX runs bam! Down the track and Lyon feeds him just where he wants the ball. A bit of flight, and outside off stump, and he can free his arms and hoick it away, with the turn, over the wide long-on boundary;
44.2;2;Lyon to Dhoni, 2 runs down the track now and Lyon bowls it on Dhoni's pad, flicked to the right of deep midwicket;
44.1;?;Lyon to Dhoni, no run flat, leg-stumpish. Shuffles across to try and work it behind square, and he misses. Ball hits his thigh pad;
43.6;1;Jhye Richardson to Dhoni, 1 run length ball on middle stump, worked away to deep backward square leg;
43.5;1;Jhye Richardson to Karthik, 1 run shortish, rising towards Karthik's ribcage. Jumps across and tucks it into the backward square leg region;
43.4;W;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, OUT whoopsie. A huge moment for Australia, this. This is full, a half-volley on leg stump, and I don't know if Kohli was looking to hit this in the air, but he's flicked it, possibly a touch earlier than he wanted to, timed it perhaps better than he wanted to, and picked out the fielder at deep midwicket. With everyone back on the leg side, I doubt this was intentional;Virat Kohli c Maxwell b Richardson 104 (150m 112b 5x4 2x6) SR: 92.85;
43.3;1;Jhye Richardson to Dhoni, 1 run slower ball, back of a length, on middle stump. Dhoni shuffles across and nurdles it into the midwicket region. No one saving one on the leg side;
43.2;2;Jhye Richardson to Dhoni, 2 runs length ball on off stump, stands utterly still until the ball reaches him, and jabs it away to the right of third man;
43.1;1;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, 1 run length ball on off stump, clipped quietly to deep midwicket;
42.6;2;Siddle to Dhoni, 2 runs in the blockhole on leg stump, steps across to clip to the left of long leg;
42.5;1;Siddle to Kohli, 1 run full on middle stump, and Kohli chips it in the air - not sure if it was intentional - on the bounce to long-on. I think he was looking to flick it more through midwicket, and ended up checking his shot;
42.4;1;Siddle to Dhoni, 1 run length ball on off stump, presses forward and shows the full face to send it rolling past the diving bowler towards long-on;
42.3;2;Siddle to Dhoni, 2 runs great running. Back of a length, fifth-stump line. Dhoni jumps across and uses his wrists to work it into the vacant mid-on region, and both batsmen knew as soon as he made contact that two runs were on;
42.3;1w;Siddle to Dhoni, 1 wide slower bouncer wide outside off, Dhoni leaves it alone;
42.2;1;Siddle to Kohli, 1 run in the blockhole on middle and off, clipped to the right of deep square leg;
42.1;2;Siddle to Kohli, 2 runs And there it is, shuffles across to tuck this back-of-a-length delivery from a fifth-stump line to the fielder at deep square leg. Hundred number 39. THIRTY NINE! Here I was thinking he was still somewhere in the mid-to-high 20s. Wow. Not much of a celebration, just a fist pump. Keeps his helmet on too.;
41.6;1;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, 1 run shortish outside off, swatted down the ground with a horizontal bat, bounces down to long-on;
41.5;?;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, no run back of a length outside off, looks for the dab to third man but backward point moves quickly to intercept;
41.4;1;Jhye Richardson to Dhoni, 1 run back of a length on off stump, punched towards mid-off and he finds Finch a touch too deep and on his heels;
41.3;1;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, 1 run ooh, that's a rare uncontrolled hoick from Kohli. Fullish, on off stump, looks to whip it over the leg side and gets a thick edge that nearly carries all the way to third man. Lands about three or four feet in front of him;
41.2;?;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, no run back of a length, close to off stump, opens his bat face to dab to backward point;
41.1;1lb;Jhye Richardson to Dhoni, 1 leg bye that's super running. Back of a length, angling slightly down leg. Shuffles across and misses the flick, and the ball drops down by Dhoni's feet, to his left, after hitting his pad. Just one bit of eye contact across the pitch is enough for both batsmen to steal a hurried leg-bye;
40.6;?;Siddle to Kohli, no run steps out of his crease and across to the off side to a fullish ball from Siddle. Looks to flick from well outside off stump, gets a thick outside edge to short third man;
40.5;1;Siddle to Dhoni, 1 run back of a length outside off, gets across to get close to the line and pokes it to the left of cover;
40.5;1w;Siddle to Dhoni, 1 wide another loopy bouncer, Dhoni barely has to duck to get under it;
40.4;1;Siddle to Kohli, 1 run short, wide, sits up nicely for Kohli to cut. The sweeper on the cover point boundary runs quickly to his left and pulls off a sliding stop. Handscomb, I think;
40.4;1w;Siddle to Kohli, 1 wide bouncer, climbs loopily, well over Kohli's head, before dropping down tennis-ball style into Carey's gloves;
40.3;1;Siddle to Dhoni, 1 run short again, angling into Dhoni's left ribcage. Pulled along the ground this time to long leg;
40.2;2;Siddle to Dhoni, 2 runs down the track and Siddle sees him coming. Bangs it in and gets it to rise towards his chest. Dhoni spins around and sends a miscontrolled pull soaring towards the fielder at long leg, but Behrendorff, diving forward, can't quite get to the ball before it lands;
40.1;1;Siddle to Kohli, 1 run full on off stump, steps forward and across and whips this to deep square leg;
39.6;?;Stoinis to Dhoni, no run full on off stump, punched back to the bowler, who spots Dhoni briefly out of his crease and flings a throw to the other end. Misses the stumps, though;
39.5;?;Stoinis to Dhoni, no run another bouncer, Dhoni ducks under it;
39.4;?;Stoinis to Dhoni, no run back of a length close to off stump, punched with a straight bat to the left of mid-off, not far enough to his left to pick up one;
39.3;1;Stoinis to Kohli, 1 run back of a length, close to off stump, watches it well and guides it down to third man;
39.2;?;Stoinis to Kohli, no run shortish outside off, stops on Kohli a little. Wanted to punch it through the covers, ended up hitting it towards mid-on off the inside half of the bat;
39.1;?;Stoinis to Kohli, no run shortish on off stump, shuffles across and whips it to midwicket;
38.6;2;Jhye Richardson to Dhoni, 2 runs back of a length on off stump, nice use of the wrists to work it through square leg;
38.5;?;Jhye Richardson to Dhoni, no run bouncer, rising fairly steeply over off stump. Dhoni watches it well, gets across it, and ducks under;
38.4;?;Jhye Richardson to Dhoni, no run full, almost in the blockhole, on middle stump. Clipped to midwicket;
38.3;1;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, 1 run banged in short, gets it up to shoulder height. Rolls his wrists over the pull to play it along the ground to deep square leg;
38.2;2;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, 2 runs fullish on off stump, clipped away crisply to the right of mid-on, who has to put in a sprawling dive to keep it down to two;
38.1;1;Jhye Richardson to Dhoni, 1 run length ball angling into off stump, clips it to the right of mid-on and hurries through to the other end;
37.6;4;Stoinis to Kohli, FOUR runs short, just a bit of width, and Kohli jumps to ride the bounce and play a shot he isn't normally known for, the square cut. Flashes to the left of the man at backward point, and third man has no chance. Into the 90s now;
37.5;?;Stoinis to Kohli, no run shout for lbw as Kohli takes a big step forward and across and looks to work it into the leg side from a stump-to-stump line. Hit high on the thigh pad - probably premeditated there, against a ball he should have gone back to;
37.4;1;Stoinis to Dhoni, 1 run back of a length outside off, punched to sweeper cover;
37.3;1;Stoinis to Kohli, 1 run shuffles down the pitch and Stoinis bangs it in short. Pulled along the ground to deep square leg;
37.2;?;Stoinis to Kohli, no run fullish outside off, stretches out and drives to cover point;
37.1;?;Stoinis to Kohli, no run back of a length on off stump, punched to cover;
36.6;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run once again, a flat length ball, on middle and leg, this time he works it away to deep midwicket;
36.5;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run flat length ball on the pads, clipped to short fine leg;
36.4;2;Lyon to Kohli, 2 runs back of a length on middle and leg, worked away to the left of long leg;
36.3;2;Lyon to Kohli, 2 runs not short by any means, just a length ball outside off, rocks back, deep in his crease, and carves it away to the left of the man at deep point, forcing Handscomb into a sprawling save by the boundary;
36.2;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run wider now, presses forward to drive to extra-cover;
36.1;6;Lyon to Kohli, SIX runs down the track to the flighted ball on off stump and Kohli hits it into the safest region possible. Skips inside the line to make himself a tiny bit of room, and hits it high and dead straight, back over the umpire's head, and it thuds into the sightscreen;
35.6;2;Stoinis to Dhoni, 2 runs back of a length outside off, stabbed away to the left of the diving cover fielder and they run two while deep point runs to his right to tidy up;
35.5;?;Stoinis to Dhoni, no run length ball outside off, gets on the front foot and jabs to point;
35.4;1;Stoinis to Kohli, 1 run back of a length on off stump, shuffles across to nurdle it into the square leg region;
35.3;?;Stoinis to Kohli, no run length ball on off stump. Pokes it to point and thinks of a single, but it's going straight to the fielder at a pretty decent pace;
35.2;?;Stoinis to Kohli, no run once again, angling it down leg slightly. Misses the flick and is hit on the front pad;
35.1;2lb;Stoinis to Kohli, 2 leg byes drifts onto Kohli's legs and he tickles it away into the fine-leg region;
34.6;?;Lyon to Dhoni, no run pushed through outside, he's back but forcing this to cover;
34.5;?;Lyon to Dhoni, no run tossed up outside off, he skips down and defends back to Lyon;
34.4;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run shorter on middle, 89kph, he's back and tucking this around the corner;
34.3;4;Lyon to Kohli, FOUR runs drifting outside off, he uses the pace and dabs this fine of short third man! It runs away to the rope! Kohli has flicked the switch;
34.2;1;Lyon to Dhoni, 1 run shorter outside off, he's back and finessing this with a flick through cover-point;
34.1;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run tossed up outside off, he drives with a strong bottom hand to long on;
33.6;1;Behrendorff to Kohli, 1 run back of a length outside off, he's back and smoking a cut shot straight to deep point. He yells in anger that he didn't get it wide of the sweeper;
33.5;6;Behrendorff to Kohli, SIX runs Boom over long on! Out of nowhere! This was overpitched outside off, mid on is up, he whips his hands through the line and lofts this high over the long boundary!;
33.4;?;Behrendorff to Kohli, no run good length on off, 130kph, he turns this on the front foot to midwicket;
33.3;4;Behrendorff to Kohli, FOUR runs short and wide and he cracks a punch off the back foot with power through cover, beats the sweeper this time! Finally a boundary for Kohli. Here we go;
33.2;2;Behrendorff to Kohli, 2 runs 131kph, good length outside off, he drives on the up through cover-point straight of the sweeper;
33.1;1;Behrendorff to Dhoni, 1 run 131kph, back of a length on off, he's back and tucking this behind square for one;
32.6;1;Maxwell to Dhoni, 1 run tossed up outside off, he pushes this to the gap at cover-point;
32.5;?;Maxwell to Dhoni, no run round arm, slung into middle, he defends back to the bowler;
32.4;?;Maxwell to Dhoni, no run flatter on leg, he turns this with the spin to square leg;
32.3;?;Maxwell to Dhoni, no run tossed up on off, he turns this off the front foot to midwicket;
32.2;?;Maxwell to Dhoni, no run shorter length, he pulls around the corner to square leg in the circle;
32.1;?;Maxwell to Dhoni, no run 89kph tossed up on off, he defends on the front foot to midwicket;
31.6;1;Behrendorff to Dhoni, 1 run shorter length outside off, 129kph, he's back and across and working this around the corner to fine leg;
31.5;?;Behrendorff to Dhoni, no run 129kph, cutter back of a length outside off, he defends from the crease to cover;
31.4;?;Behrendorff to Dhoni, no run 132kph, good length on off, he defends on the front foot;
31.3;2;Behrendorff to Dhoni, 2 runs shorter outside off, he cuts nicely past backward point wide of third man and they get two;
31.2;1;Behrendorff to Kohli, 1 run shorter outside off, 126kph, he is back and running this with the angle to third man;
31.1;?;Behrendorff to Kohli, no run 127kph, back of a length angled across him, he defends on the walk, it nipped away a touch and he had to check his attempt to work to leg;
30.6;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run shorter length, he's back and pulling forward of square to the sweeper;
30.5;?;Maxwell to Kohli, no run shorter on leg, he is back and working this to square leg;
30.4;W;Maxwell to Rayudu, OUT caught at deep midwicket! The pressure got to him! He skips down and tries to launch this with the spin high over midwicket, it was a touch slower, he got underneath it and skied it high to deep midwicket, Stoinis camped under it and took the catch!;Ambati Rayudu c Stoinis b Maxwell 24 (47m 36b 2x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
30.3;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run tossed up on leg, he drives firmly to long on;
30.2;2;Maxwell to Kohli, 2 runs shorter down leg, he glances fine of fine leg for a couple more;
30.1;2;Maxwell to Kohli, 2 runs 89kph shorter outside off, he runs this fine off the face down to third man and gets two. 50 for Kohli. Doesn't acknowledge it;
29.6;1;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, 1 run 140kph, back of a length, outside off, he runs off the face down to third man;
29.5;1;Jhye Richardson to Rayudu, 1 run 120kph, slower ball outside off, he defends with soft hands to short third man;
29.4;2;Jhye Richardson to Rayudu, 2 runs he charges again and slices a flat batted strike down the ground over mid off, doesn't time it pitches and stops well short of the rope;
29.3;?;Jhye Richardson to Rayudu, no run 141kph, good length outside off, he premeditated a back and across movement, and had to defend late;
29.2;2;Jhye Richardson to Rayudu, 2 runs 137kph, length ball outside off, he charges down and stays leg side, slicing this up and over cover, not well timed but he gets a couple. 50 partnership up;
29.1;?;Jhye Richardson to Rayudu, no run 140kph, good length on off, he defends from the crease back to the bowler;
28.6;?;Maxwell to Kohli, no run full angled down leg, he tries to sweep, it comes off glove and bounces into the off side;
28.5;1;Maxwell to Rayudu, 1 run shorter on leg, he's back and pulling hard to deep square;
28.4;?;Maxwell to Rayudu, no run shorter outside off, he tries to cut and chops a bottom edge into the off side;
28.3;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run short and pulled in the air wide of Finch at midwicket, out to the sweeper on the rope;
28.2;1;Maxwell to Rayudu, 1 run shorter on leg, 94kph, he swings a pull hard behind square to the sweeper;
28.1;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run full on middle and off, he clips this firmly past midwicket, Stoinis comes in, Rayudu pushes for two and Kohli sends him back loudly!;
27.6;1;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, 1 run 140kph, back of a length wide of off, he cracks a square cut to deep cover-point;
27.5;?;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, no run good length outside off, he drives on the up to point;
27.4;?;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, no run 140kph, fuller and he pushes firmly back to the bowler;
27.3;1;Jhye Richardson to Rayudu, 1 run 139kph, he charges a short ball, pulls in the air with no control, high and wide of fine leg, Khawaja gets there on the bounce;
27.2;1;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, 1 run 137kph, shorter outside off, he runs this down to third man easily;
27.1;?;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, no run 134kph, fuller length, he plays a glorious straight drive and the stumps at the non-striker's saves several runs at least!;
26.6;?;Maxwell to Rayudu, no run he skips down and is beaten in flight, he checks his shot and defends to cover, nowhere near the pitch of the ball;
26.5;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run good length on leg, he tucks this behind square;
26.4;?;Maxwell to Kohli, no run tossed up on off, he drives back to the bowler;
26.3;1;Maxwell to Rayudu, 1 run 86kph outside off, he reaches out and sweeps in the air but not far enough to reach Stoinis on the full at deep square;
26.2;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run good length on leg, he is back and glancing this to fine leg;
26.1;2;Maxwell to Kohli, 2 runs shorter outside off, he's back and cutting hard forward of point, Handscomb again has to work hard to cut it off on the rope;
25.6;1;Siddle to Kohli, 1 run 119kph slower ball short and wide, he cuts hard but straight to the man at deep point;
25.5;2;Siddle to Kohli, 2 runs 140kph, half-volley leg stump, clipped magnificently through midwicket, timed superbly, Handscomb makes a great diving save on the rope to stop the boundary;
25.4;1;Siddle to Rayudu, 1 run 135kph, shorter outside off, he stands up and guides this down to third man;
25.3;?;Siddle to Rayudu, no run 137kph, back of a length, fourth stump line, he defends from the crease to point;
25.2;1;Siddle to Kohli, 1 run shorter outside off, he plays a controlled late cut to third man;
25.1;?;Siddle to Kohli, no run 138kph, fuller length angled into off, he slips this with the angle to midwicket;
24.6;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run shorter on leg, he's back and glancing this fine, he sprints looking for a second but Behrendorff was quick to the ball;
24.5;1;Lyon to Rayudu, 1 run 92kph, on off, he skips down and clips this to long on;
24.4;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run tossed up on leg, he clips this through midwicket to the sweeper;
24.4;2w;Lyon to Rayudu, 2 wide down the leg side, he tries to sweep and misses, Carey can't take it cleanly, they get another extra;
24.3;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run tossed up outside off, he drives firmly straight of deep cover-point, they push for two but it's not on as Handscomb gets around;
24.2;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run shorter on middle, he's back and pulling but can't beat the man at square leg inside the circle;
24.1;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run 88kph, good length on middle, he defends on the front foot into the leg side;
23.6;?;Stoinis to Rayudu, no run 128kph fuller on off, he pushes on the front foot back to the bowler;
23.5;2;Stoinis to Rayudu, 2 runs 132kph, full and wide, he scoops this in the air, just past Maxwell at backward point, wasn't far away but it goes safely to wide third man;
23.4;2;Stoinis to Rayudu, 2 runs 130kph, short ball, he pulls but miscues, it flies high in the air but safely over midwicket and they pick up two;
23.3;?;Stoinis to Rayudu, no run 131kph, good length on off, he drives on the up, firmly to cover but can't beat the man;
23.2;1;Stoinis to Kohli, 1 run 131kph, good length outside off, he is back and knocking this with soft hands to third man;
23.1;?;Stoinis to Kohli, no run 129kph, bouncer, Kohli was moving forward went to pull but bailed out. Stoinis smiles and gives cheeky word;
22.6;?;Siddle to Rayudu, no run 123kph, slower ball outside off, he square drives straight to backward point;
22.5;?;Siddle to Rayudu, no run 139kph, good length, off stump, he defends on the front foot;
22.4;4;Siddle to Rayudu, FOUR runs 136kph, back of a length wide of off, he drives on the up, gets a thick edge that flies through the vacant slips! It races away. Well bowled. Unjust for Siddle;
22.3;?;Siddle to Rayudu, no run 139kph, leg cutter outside off, he pushes at a drive away from his body and it beaten;
22.2;1;Siddle to Kohli, 1 run 137kph, wide of off, he slices a square drive to wide third man;
22.1;2;Siddle to Kohli, 2 runs 135kph, full on the pads and he pings this off his toes through midwicket along the ground and the deep square sweeper has run around to save it;
21.6;1;Stoinis to Kohli, 1 run 115kph, slower ball, outside off, he drives with ease through the cover-point gap to the man in the deep;
21.5;1;Stoinis to Rayudu, 1 run shorter length, rib high, he swivels on a controlled pull shot through square leg to the sweeper;
21.4;?;Stoinis to Rayudu, no run shorter and wider, he tries to cut, gets a thick bottom edge, it bounces behind him but away from the stumps, he did follow it to ensure it didn't go near the stumps;
21.3;?;Stoinis to Rayudu, no run back of a length outside off, he's back and defending towards point;
21.2;?;Stoinis to Rayudu, no run good length on middle and off, he defends on the front foot;
21.1;1;Stoinis to Kohli, 1 run 131kph, good length outside off, he pushes a drive on the up through cover-point to the sweeper;
20.6;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run fuller on leg, he clips this through square leg with the slight turn to deep square;
20.5;1lb;Lyon to Rayudu, 1 leg bye good length down leg, it comes off pad as he tries to pull, ricochets off Carey's pad and rolls away;
20.4;?;Lyon to Rayudu, no run 94kph, good length on leg, he clips this to square midwicket;
20.3;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run 89kph off break on leg, he turns this around the corner to short fine leg for one;
20.2;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run 92kph, fuller on off, he defends again from the crease;
20.1;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run 90kph, good length on middle, he defends from the crease;
19.6;4;Stoinis to Rayudu, FOUR runs 131kph, good length outside off, he presses forward and opens the face and runs it fine, third man is in the circle! Well controlled by Rayudu. Certainly appeared a deliberate stroke.;
19.5;?;Stoinis to Rayudu, no run 131kph, back of a length outside off, he's back and across defending to cover;
19.4;?;Stoinis to Rayudu, no run 129kph, good length, wide of off, he's happy to leave this alone;
19.3;?;Stoinis to Rayudu, no run 132kph, shorter and wider, he cuts but doesn't time it to point;
19.2;1;Stoinis to Kohli, 1 run 131kph, good length outside off, he square drives on the up to deep cover-point;
19.1;?;Stoinis to Kohli, no run 131kph, fuller on off, he plays a drive with the full face to mid off;
18.6;?;Lyon to Rayudu, no run 91kph, pushed through flatter on off, he defends off the back foot;
18.5;?;Lyon to Rayudu, no run skips down to a length ball, 87kph, he is forced to defend on the move;
18.4;?;Lyon to Rayudu, no run 92kph, off break on leg, he works this off the front foot to midwicket;
18.3;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run 89kph, good length, on off, he's back and punching, just past the diving Lyon to long on;
18.2;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run flatter, 91kph, on off, he's back and defending;
18.1;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run good length on middle, 90kph, he's back and working to square leg;
17.6;1;Stoinis to Kohli, 1 run 133kph, good length on off, he pushes on the front foot, gets a thick edge that runs along the ground to third man;
17.5;W;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, OUT caught at deep forward square! Rohit makes an error! Just short of a length, Rohit wants to pull this over the short square boundary, he gets under it but gets top edge, it flies to deep forward square, Handscomb runs in and to his left, looking straight into the setting sun, he takes a good catch and celebrates!;Rohit Sharma c Handscomb b Stoinis 43 (71m 52b 2x4 2x6) SR: 82.69;
17.4;1;Stoinis to Kohli, 1 run 131kph, outswinger wide of off, he plays a controlled square drive to deep point;
17.3;1;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, 1 run 129kph, back of a length outside off, he's on the front foot but pulls with control around the corner down to fine leg;
17.2;?;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, no run 125kph, good length outside off, he defends on the front foot into the off side;
17.1;2;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs 124kph, off cutter, he leans into a lovely drive past cover, straight of deep point for two;
16.6;1;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, 1 run 92kph, good length on off, he turns it around the corner for a single;
16.5;6;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs tossed up in the arc, Rohit steps out and launches this sumptuously over midwicket, picking the gap and clearing the rope! His bat swing is so smooth.;
16.4;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run shorter on leg, he's back and working this off the hip through square leg;
16.3;1;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, 1 run tossed higher and slower outside off, he defends with soft hands close towards point and they get a quick one;
16.2;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run shorter outside off, he just pushes to backward point;
16.1;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run 93kph, good length angled across, outside off, he late cuts, but a piece of glove on it slows it down;
15.6;1;Siddle to Kohli, 1 run length ball, close to off stump. Lets it come on and taps it on its head to send it rolling away to third man;
15.5;1;Siddle to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of a length outside off, steered down to third man;
15.4;2;Siddle to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs in the blockhole, angling into middle stump, gets his front leg out of the way to clip it past the left hand of the diving midwicket fielder. Was briefly, and tantalisingly, in the air too;
15.3;1;Siddle to Kohli, 1 run length ball close to off stump, punched away to deep point;
15.2;?;Siddle to Kohli, no run length ball outside off, Kohli stretches out to push into the cover point region. Backward point sprints out of his station quickly to cut off the single;
15.1;?;Siddle to Kohli, no run length ball on off stump, clipped to the right of mid-on;
14.6;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball on middle stump, clips it to the right of midwicket - not too far from the fielder - and hares out of his crease. Kohli, rightly, sends him back, and Rohit has to dive to regain his crease;
14.5;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run back of a length on middle stump, goes right back in his crease to whip it to deep square leg;
14.4;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run tossed up slow outside off. Kohli stretches out, looking to clip to long-on, but midwicket dives left to intercept;
14.3;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run length ball close to off stump, goes back and across to clip towards square leg;
14.2;1;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, 1 run length ball outside off, stays on the back foot, slightly besides the line, and punches to sweeper cover;
14.1;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run back of a length on off stump, punched to long-on past the diving bowler;
13.6;1;Siddle to Kohli, 1 run length ball outside off, and there's nearly a mix-up between these two notorious mixers-up between wickets. Presses forward, jabs it safely to the left of backward point, and then hesitates midway through a straightforward single. But they get their bearings right quickly and complete it comfortably;
13.5;4;Siddle to Kohli, FOUR runs glorious. Fullish, angling into off stump, and Kohli plays that full-faced front-foot punch to send it whooshing past the left hand of the diving mid-on fielder;
13.4;1;Siddle to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of a length outside off, guided down to third man with an open face;
13.3;?;Siddle to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball outside off, punched into the covers;
13.2;6;Siddle to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs wow. That's just the stock ODI delivery from the fast bowler, back of a length, angling into off stump. Rohit steps half-forward and across, and brings his wrists into play for a pick-up shot that easily clears the square leg boundary;
13.1;1;Siddle to Kohli, 1 run full, angling into off stump, clipped to the right of mid-on;
12.6;2;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs shot! That's a good-length ball, but it's just wide enough outside off for Rohit to step back, get down low, and cut it away through backward point;
12.5;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run tossed up slower now, just outside off, stretches out to defend it back to the bowler;
12.4;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run again not full enough to draw the batsman forward. Kohli goes deep in his crease and across to work this from middle stump to deep backward square leg;
12.3;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run back of a length on middle and leg, tucked off the hip to square leg;
12.2;1;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, 1 run stays back again, works this from middle stump to the left of short fine leg;
12.1;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball slanting across to off stump. Stays on the back foot and clips to midwicket;
11.6;?;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, no run full on off stump, driven firmly to mid-off;
11.5;4;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, FOUR runs back of a length, just a touch of width, and that's enough for Kohli. The extra fielder on the leg side means there's no cover point, and Kohli stands up tall and punches with a straight bat into that gap. Cover gives chase, to no avail;
11.4;?;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, no run length ball close to off stump, defended watchfully towards backward point;
11.3;?;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, no run length ball outside off, presses forward and defends towards point;
11.2;?;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, no run back of a length on off stump, defended back to the bowler;
11.1;1;Jhye Richardson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of a length outside off. Rohit gets half-forward and steers it to third man;
10.6;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run flatter on off stump, goes right back to punch this to midwicket;
10.5;1;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, 1 run a touch shorter, rocks back and punches through cover point;
10.4;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball, slides on with the angle towards off stump. Rohit wants to work it away behind square, but the lack of turn forces him to play it in front of square, defensively;
10.3;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run floated up fairly full, just outside off, driven to long-on;
10.2;1;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, 1 run tossed up full on off stump, clipped away neatly to wide long-on;
10.1;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run back of a length to start, goes right back to work it into the backward square leg region;
9.6;?;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, no run beauty. He knows Rohit is tentative and is expecting that late inswing. There hasn't been much swing in this over. Fullish, not quite a half-volley, fairly wide of off stump, and it beats the outside edge as Rohit goes for the cover drive without getting a proper front-foot stride in;
9.5;?;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, no run nice length, angling across the stumps, draws Rohit forward for a defensive push to mid-off;
9.4;?;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball slanting across towards off stump, doesn't really get forward, just shuffles across and defends into the covers;
9.3;?;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, no run extra bounce, and this time it does swing back in. Goes back to play that flick again, and this time it beats the inside edge to hit him on the thigh pad;
9.2;?;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, no run once again plays for swing when there is none. Lovely length, and Rohit is stuck on the crease trying to whip it across the line. Beats the outside edge, hits thigh pad, and rolls to the right of the keeper;
9.1;2;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs back of a length, slanting away from off stump. Gives Rohit just enough room to free his arms and punch between backward point and cover;
8.6;?;Siddle to Kohli, no run full outside off, and Kohli takes a big step forward and across and uses his wrists to whip it to mid-on. Unusual for him to do that so early in his innings, from so far outside off stump;
8.5;1;Siddle to Rohit Sharma, 1 run gorgeous shot. Again a fullish ball angling into off stump. Just shows the full face and eases a drive to the left of mid-on;
8.4;1;Siddle to Kohli, 1 run now he goes full and straight, looking to hit front pad or off stump, and Kohli plays around that front pad to whip it round to fine leg. Hands-on-head time for Siddle;
8.3;?;Siddle to Kohli, no run Siddle throws in the wide tempter - go on, play that cover drive, he says, but Kohli judges the length well, knows it's not full enough, and leaves it alone;
8.2;1;Siddle to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of a length, close to off stump, lets it come on and dabs to third man;
8.1;?;Siddle to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball angling in towards off stump, clipped into the leg side and midwicket dives left to stop it;
7.6;1;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of a length close to off stump, lets it come on and chops it down to third man;
7.5;?;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length, swings in to beat Rohit's flick and hit his front pad, but it pitched outside leg;
7.4;W;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, OUT and that is that. He's played with a lot of freedom today, but now he's played one shot too many. Length ball, angling into off stump, not quite full enough for the pick-up shot over midwicket. Plays too early, and ends up spooning it high in the air, off the outside half of the bat. Khawaja takes a steepler backtracking from mid-off;Shikhar Dhawan c Khawaja b Behrendorff 32 (31m 28b 5x4 0x6) SR: 114.28;
7.3;4;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, FOUR runs short outside off, and Dhawan loves it there. Plays a sensational shot too, hits deliberately underneath it, with a straight bat, up and over cover;
7.2;1;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, 1 run full, swinging in from about leg stump, can't connect with the flick but gets enough pad on it to pick up a leg bye into the backward square leg region;
7.1;1;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, 1 run back of a length, tucked off the hip into the fine leg region;
6.6;1;Siddle to S Dhawan, 1 run length ball wide of off stump, driven crisply on the up to sweeper cover;
6.5;4;Siddle to S Dhawan, FOUR runs shortish, leg-stumpish, Dhawan swivels round and pulls it to the left of short fine leg. Hardly the field to be bowling even remotely short to;
6.4;2;Siddle to S Dhawan, 2 runs full on off stump, and Dhawan drives to the left of the newly stationed sweeper;
6.3;?;Siddle to S Dhawan, no run length ball, a little wider, slapped to cover point;
6.2;?;Siddle to S Dhawan, no run back of a length, close to off stump. Doesn't get the width he wants - he was staying next to the line and looking to carve through the point region. Denied room, all he can do is chop it down gently into the off side;
6.1;?;Siddle to S Dhawan, no run full outside off, squeezed out to backward point, who stops it with a dive to his left;
5.6;?;Jhye Richardson to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length in the corridor, left alone;
5.5;1;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, 1 run length ball close to off stump, lets it come on and opens his bat face for a gentle dab to third man;
5.5;1w;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, 1 wide looks to angle it into the stumps again, ends up overdoing it and whanging it down the leg side;
5.4;?;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, no run back of a length, keeps going with the angle towards middle stump. Goes back and looks to work it into the leg side, closing his bat face too early. Hits him on the back pad, but pretty high, and Richardson's appeal isn't the most confident;
5.3;?;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, no run length ball outside off, punched on the up and Lyon saves four with a dive to his right at cover point;
5.2;4;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, FOUR runs full, wide, four. He's going for his shots today, hasn't been afraid of throwing his bat at the wide ones. He's leaning back this time, not necessarily looking to get his weight forward and play along the ground. Ends up slicing it, but powerfully, in the air to the right of the diving backward point fielder;
5.1;1;Jhye Richardson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of a length, angling into the legs. Tucked off the hip into the backward square leg region;
4.6;2;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, 2 runs full on middle and leg, clipped away to the right of fine leg. Dhawan jams his bat into the turf while completing his second run, and nearly gets into a tangle with his feet as a result;
4.5;?;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, no run full again, not quite as full this time, doesn't get the same power on his drive this time, hits it to the man at cover;
4.4;4;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, FOUR runs shot! That's a wide half-volley alright, but how well did he hit that? Down on his back knee, frees his arms, and creams it to the left of the diving cover fielder;
4.3;2;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, 2 runs down the track now, Behrendorff pulls his length back slightly along an off-stump line. Swings across the line and swats it away through midwicket, off the inside half of the bat;
4.2;?;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, no run full this time, on off stump, ends up looking to hit it square, through cover point, playing for swing, and it doesn't swing. He's lucky to get a thick inside edge that rolls into the leg side;
4.1;4lb;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, 4 leg byes back of a length, no swing, just ends up at Dhawan's front thigh pad and he helps it away to the fine leg boundary, past the diving keeper. Not sure if he got any bat on it, in fact;
3.6;?;Jhye Richardson to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length, swings away after starting fairly wide of off stump, straightforward leave for Rohit;
3.5;?;Jhye Richardson to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length close to off stump, defended into the point region;
3.4;1;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, 1 run length ball on middle and leg, tucked away to long leg;
3.3;?;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, no run ooh, that's a little wild from Dhawan. Slants this across the stumps, again quite full, and Dhawan plays for the inswing and looks to hoick this over mid-on cross-batted. Ends up missing completely;
3.2;4;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, FOUR runs full, swings into the pads, and Dhawan whips it away beautifully. Places it perfectly too, beats square leg to his left and leaves fine leg with way too much distance to cover in the other direction;
3.1;?;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, no run full outside off, slanting across from over the wicket. Doesn't really time his drive, rolls out slowly to point;
2.6;?;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length, and once again the lack of inswing confounds Rohit. Squares him up again, on the back foot this time, and slides past his outside edge;
2.5;?;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length on middle stump - keeps going with the angle rather than swinging back in as Rohit expected, and he's squared up a little and pops it off the outside half of the bat towards cover. Briefly in the air;
2.4;1;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, 1 run fullish and wide outside off, reaches out and slashes it away, to the right of backward point. Richardson chases around to his left from third man to make a good stop;
2.3;?;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, no run length ball slanting into leg stump. No swing this time. Dhawan plays across the line, looking to flick, and inside-edges into his front pad;
2.2;?;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, no run full now, on middle and off, jams his bat down to squeeze it towards mid-on;
2.1;?;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, no run nicely bowled, beautiful length and late swing away from a fourth-stump line. Dhawan presses forward, watches it all the way, and leaves it, shaping to defend and pulling his bat inside the line at the last moment;
1.6;?;Jhye Richardson to Rohit Sharma, no run full now, in the sixth-stump channel with a bit of late outswing. Watches it well and leaves it alone;
1.5;4;Jhye Richardson to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs short, wide, and Rohit presses half-forward and just extends his arms out to play a straight-bat punch to beat third man to his right. Made it look so easy;
1.4;?;Jhye Richardson to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball sliding down leg. Misses the flick and the ball tickles front pad on its way to the keeper;
1.3;4;Jhye Richardson to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs shortish outside off, only gets up to about hip high because it wasn't that short at all, but Rohit pounces on anything marginally in that region and he pulls it away nicely, into the gap between mid-on and midwicket;
1.2;?;Jhye Richardson to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length outside off, defended into the point region;
1.1;1;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, 1 run lovely ball to start with, on the fuller side of a good length and straightening back late into Dhawan's off and middle stumps. Keeps his front leg out of the way, brings down a straight bat, and picks up a single wide of mid-on to get off the mark in the series;
0.6;?;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball slanting away into the fifth-stump channel. Left alone and Behrendorff begins with a maiden;
0.5;?;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, no run fullish on off stump, transfers his weight forward into a checked drive to mid-off;
0.4;?;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length outside off, Rohit leaves it alone. Threatened to come back in but eventually just kept going with the angle;
0.3;?;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, no run nice length, swerving into middle and leg. Watches it nicely, keeps his front pad out of the way, and clips gently to midwicket;
0.2;?;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, no run some more swing, this time starts too straight and is definitely missing leg stump. Looks to flick and the ball beats his inside edge and thuds into pad;
0.1;?;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, no run fullish to start, just a hint of swing to straighten it towards middle stump, clipped towards midwicket, who dives right to stop it;

6.05pm Welcome back. At the same stage of the first ODI in Sydney, India looked like marginal favourites, but quickly slipped to 4 for 3 (or 3 for 4, depending on which way you read scorecards) to fall a long way behind. They're chasing a similar target today, against the same bowling attack. How will this innings pan out? We will see very soon. Shikhar Dhawan and Rohit Sharma, fresh off a duck and a century respectively, walk out to open the innings. Jason Behrendorff has the new ball. Left-arm over to Rohit.
 Innings Start
Australia
India
2nd ODI (D/N), Adelaide, Jan 15 2019, India tour of Australia
298/9
299/4
Player of the match is Virat Kohli, INDIA
India won by 6 wickets (with 4 balls remaining)
