Data
5.10 pm While I collect my thoughts after that magnificent innings from Umar Akmal, why don't you all enjoy the musings of Martin Crowe and Daryll Cullinan on Match Point. Pakistan were not in the best position when he strode out at No. 4 but he was remarkably efficient against some rather ordinary bowling from Australia. That midwicket boundary was never left alone as he along with his brother Kamran have put Pakistan in a pretty strong position. Join us in about 10 minutes for the chase
Deepu: "In 2010, during 2nd semi final pakistan scored 191-6 (same score) that time Hussey pulled the victory from pak. But now NO HUSSEY, whether they have any replace player.Lets see. I am waiting"
"I think it's a match-winning partnership," says Kamran Akmal, "The plan was to go through the powerplays and then open up. He was playing his natural game and he is a very aggressive batsman"
19.6;2;Starc to Malik, 2 runs full on off stump, he hoists it just over mid-off.;
19.5;?;Starc to Malik, no run full toss and wide outside off, Malik has no intention to move away from his stance on leg stump. Another slash and this time it does not connect;
19.4;4;Starc to Malik, FOUR runs full and outside off stump, Malik throws his bat at it and gets it off the toe. Streaks off to the third man boundary. Lucky;
19.3;1;Starc to Afridi, 1 run full on leg stump, looks to whip it away to the leg side but gets a leading edge down the ground;
19.2;4;Starc to Afridi, FOUR runs so simple. So effective. Another low full toss from Starc but this was outside off stump and Afridi just dabs it well fine of short third man;
19.1;W;Starc to Umar Akmal, OUT is that it? No, he hasn't got hold of the full toss outside off. Swings as best he could but this goes more off the bottom of the bat and sits in the hands of long-on. Gets a pat on the back from his partner and he walks off, dribbling a whole load of sweat behind him;Umar Akmal c Maxwell b Starc 94 (70m 54b 9x4 4x6) SR: 174.07;
18.6;?;Bollinger to Afridi, no run well done, Dougie! Saw the batsman making room and pushed a shorter ball wide outside off. Afridi looks to slap it to third man to no avail;
18.5;1;Bollinger to Umar Akmal, 1 run full and outside off, Umar was looking to drag it to the leg side and gets a toe-ender to long-off;
18.4;2;Bollinger to Umar Akmal, 2 runs there's another full toss, seemed rather high too. Umar is on the front foot and heaves it towards to midwicket boundary.;
18.3;2;Bollinger to Umar Akmal, 2 runs low full toss, lobbed over to top. He's got it off the toe and it falls short of Warner who was running in from long-on;
18.2;?;Bollinger to Umar Akmal, no run wants to be cheeky with a lap sweep as he goes for a good length ball on leg stump. No contact;
18.1;?;Bollinger to Umar Akmal, no run finds the block hole on middle and keeps Umar to nothing. Excellent ball;
17.6;1;Starc to Umar Akmal, 1 run short ball outside off, he pulls to deep square leg and jogs through for a single rather slowly. Is he cramping?;
17.5;6;Starc to Umar Akmal, SIX runs another yorker manifests as a full toss and Umar has slammed this way over midwicket! Phew, he's struck some clean ones and this falls straight in that bracket;
17.4;1;Starc to Afridi, 1 run dropped full and just outside off, presents an open face to find point who is right on the circle. Hodge leaps up and gets a hand it but couldn't cling on;
17.3;?;Starc to Afridi, no run 138kph, he's through him! Good yorker on off stump and Afridi made it look a little better by trying to whip across the line towards midwicket;
17.2;1;Starc to Umar Akmal, 1 run walks at him as this is full on off stump. Dabbed into the covers for a quick single;
17.1;4;Starc to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs oh dear, this is a low full toss on the stumps. Umar is on the front foot and slams it inside out over extra. Gets a pat on the helmet from Afridi;
16.6;4;Watson to Afridi, FOUR runs lofts over the head of mid-off! This was fullish on middle, Afridi ensured he was beside the ball and cleared the man with ease. Calculated strike;
16.5;1;Watson to Umar Akmal, 1 run full on middle and off, Umar pushes to the right of short cover;
16.4;1;Watson to Afridi, 1 run quite full on off stump and Afridi's drive has enough power to find the man on the cover boundary;
16.3;6;Watson to Afridi, SIX runs this is in his arc and Afridi has murdered it. Gets on the front foot and he's slammed it well into the stands behind midwicket. Bowling a length ball in a situation like this...;
16.2;2;Watson to Afridi, 2 runs inside edge scurries away towards long leg. Another slower ball outside off but Afridi was looking for midwicket;
16.1;?;Watson to Afridi, no run slower ball just outside off, Afridi tries to dab it to third man and misses. There's two men partoling the point region;
15.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Afridi, 1 run full on leg stump, ensured his feet were out of the way and works it down to long-on;
15.5;W;Coulter-Nile to Maqsood, OUT he was never comfortable out there and a yorker on middle eases his misery. Goes for a leg-side slog and has his furniture rearranged;Sohaib Maqsood b Coulter-Nile 5 (13m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 71.42;
15.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Umar Akmal, 1 run slower short ball and Umar was a little deceived. Had to adjust his pull shot and gets a single through midwicket;
15.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Maqsood, 1 run shortish on middle, Maqsood makes room for himself and goes for a flat-batted slap. It was a bit too quick for him and he gets it high on the bat and goes down to long-off;
15.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Umar Akmal, 1 run 142kph, yorker on off stump, jabbed into the covers;
15.1;4;Coulter-Nile to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs full on off stump, Umar is forward and carts it over cow corner. Long-on tries his best but he had no chance;
14.6;1;Bollinger to Umar Akmal, 1 run makes a bit of room while coming on the front foot and slashes into the off side. Short cover gets a hand to it;
14.5;1;Bollinger to Maqsood, 1 run shortish and on the pads, tucked away to deep square leg;
14.4;1;Bollinger to Umar Akmal, 1 run full on off stump, slices to deep point off the front foot;
14.3;1;Bollinger to Maqsood, 1 run good length ball on middle, but Maqsood makes a little room and opens the face to find deep point;
14.2;1;Bollinger to Umar Akmal, 1 run back of a length on off stump, he stays leg side of it and steers to deep third man;
14.1;4;Bollinger to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs poor line and it's been dispatched to the fine leg boundary. Fuller ball outside leg stump just flicked away and Umar reaches his highest score in T20s;
13.6;1;Hogg to Umar Akmal, 1 run decent over from Hogg as he keeps it full on off stump, driven to long-off;
13.5;?;Hogg to Umar Akmal, no run tosses it up and outside off as Umar gets forward and drives to short cover;
13.4;1;Hogg to Maqsood, 1 run low full toss on middle, Maqsood puts a lot of muscle into a thump to long-on;
13.3;1;Hogg to Umar Akmal, 1 run loads of air on this and Umar smashes to deep midwicket;
13.2;1;Hogg to Maqsood, 1 run kept nice and full and drilled into the covers;
13.1;4b;Hogg to Maqsood, 4 byes flighted just outside off and Maqsood goes for a slog sweep. Too full for that and he is beaten comfortably. deflects off Haddin's pads to the boundary;
12.6;2;Coulter-Nile to Umar Akmal, 2 runs 141kph, rides the bounce on short ball and picks up a couple to deep third man.;
12.5;W;Coulter-Nile to Kamran, OUT short on off stump and he has slapped this to deep point. Warner makes amends for his misfield earlier with a good running catch right on the boundary. Made room for himself to try and power it over the boundary, but the fielder made good ground to his left to help Australia breathe freer;Kamran Akmal c Warner b Coulter-Nile 31 (61m 31b 4x4 0x6) SR: 100;
12.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Umar Akmal, 1 run slower ball on off stump, this one short of a good length. Umar opens the face to sneak a single to short third man;
12.3;4;Coulter-Nile to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs width on offer and point's dive isn't good enough to stop the cut. He was quick to move on the back foot and waited just enough to beat the man on his left;
12.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Kamran, 1 run 118kph, slower ball on off stump. Kamran waited for it, blocks and runs to cover.;
12.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Umar Akmal, 1 run 143 kph, fullish but angling on the pads, flicked away for the man at deep backward square leg to mop up;
11.6;1;Finch to Umar Akmal, 1 run goes back as he goes flat on off stump, punched to long-off. Eighteen off the over;
11.5;6;Finch to Umar Akmal, SIX runs this goes miles! Reaches his fifty off 28 deliveries and this one was a gift. Pitched halfway down and it was pulverised into the stands;
11.4;?;Finch to Umar Akmal, no run finds short third man this time with a square drive;
11.3;4;Finch to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs now he finds the gap between short third man and point. Terrific hand speed from Umar. Hint of width and he goes deep in his crease, waits for it just that bit longer and slashes through the gap;
11.2;6;Finch to Umar Akmal, SIX runs drags his length down and Umar has rocked back and tonked it over midwicket. Every single bad ball Australia have bowled, he's made them pay;
11.1;1;Finch to Kamran, 1 run very slow and nicely tossed up on off stump, he comes forward and flicks into the square leg region;
10.6;1;Hogg to Kamran, 1 run flighted on and around off stump, driven down to long-off;
10.5;?;Hogg to Kamran, no run bit of room outside off and Kamran times his cut well, but he has found the man at backward point. He's looking far more established at the crease now;
10.4;1;Hogg to Umar Akmal, 1 run comes forward to tuck this tossed up delivery through square leg;
10.3;1lb;Hogg to Kamran, 1 leg bye flighted on leg stump and this strikes him on the front pad as he looks to nudge. Big appeal from Hogg, but it had pitched outside;
10.2;4;Hogg to Kamran, FOUR runs googly has been lofted over and wide of short cover and crashes into the boundary.;
10.2;5w;Hogg to Kamran, 5 wide tossed up on leg stump again and Kamran goes for a sweep. Doesn't connect and this turns too much for the keeper to glove. Four wides;
10.1;1;Hogg to Umar Akmal, 1 run loopy delivery on leg stump, it was the wrong 'un. Worked away all along the ground through midwicket;
9.6;2;Watson to Kamran, 2 runs back of a lenght on off stump, tapped towards long-on and he's hit it soft enough to sneak two before the fielder can rush in;
9.5;1;Watson to Umar Akmal, 1 run full on off stump gets a strong drive to long-off;
9.4;6;Watson to Umar Akmal, SIX runs offers up a full toss for the free hit and Umar has smashed this over midwicket. Brings up the fifty partnership between these two;
9.4;2nb;Watson to Kamran, (no ball) 1 run dropped again! This was a full-toss on leg stump, but it was also a no-ball as well. Flicked it straight to the only man there. Comes in at a comfortable height too and he spills it. Terrible cricket all around;
9.3;1;Watson to Umar Akmal, 1 run full toss on middle, picked away to deep square leg;
9.2;1;Watson to Kamran, 1 run carts this just over the head of short midwicket. It was full and invited the batsman to free his arms. Just a little too early into the stroke;
9.1;1;Watson to Umar Akmal, 1 run Watson has to shorten his length as he sees Umar walking at him. Doesn't trouble the batsman either way as he flicks this to the man at deep square leg;
8.6;2;Hogg to Kamran, 2 runs backs away and cuts this towards the point boundary. Excellent footwork to take advantage of a ball that was just short enough for him. And he waited on his stroke to beat the man in the infield;
8.5;1;Hogg to Umar Akmal, 1 run there's the wrong 'un, but Umar was waiting for it on the back foot. Worked through midwicket;
8.4;1;Hogg to Kamran, 1 run shortish on middle, rocked back and pulls to deep square leg;
8.3;4;Hogg to Kamran, FOUR runs Warner misfields on the cover boundary! This was overpitched outside off and he drilled it. Had enough room to free his arms and he takes full toll, with a little help from Warner mistiming his slide;
8.2;4;Hogg to Kamran, FOUR runs bisects short fine leg and deep square leg. Wonderfully placed sweep from Kamran. Planted his front foot outside off and played it on top of the bounce;
8.1;1;Hogg to Umar Akmal, 1 run gets a bit of turn off a good length delivery. Worked away behind square leg;
7.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Umar Akmal, 1 run heaved towards the deep square leg boundary where a rather tough catch is spilled. Coulter-Nile strays in length and Umar punishes with a slog. Brad Hogg hand to move backward and to his right to get to it, but having done so one would say he should have taken it;
7.5;4;Coulter-Nile to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs full on off stump, Umar has belted this down the ground. Brilliant timing off the drive and even though it took a bit of the bowler's hand, it skims off;
7.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Kamran, 1 run makes room and slashes this to deep cover. This was full and homing in on middle, but Kamran got under it nicely;
7.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Umar Akmal, 1 run slower ball just outside off, cut away to the sweeper to bring up the fifty;
7.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Umar Akmal, no run answers with a yorker at 143 kph. Umar can only dig it out and even after that he has to stop it from rolling onto his stumps. Traps it between his feet;
7.1;4;Coulter-Nile to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs 138kph, this was length on off stump and Umar says thank you. Coulter-Nile goes cross-seamed and is carted to the midwicket boundary. Front-foot swipe;
7.1;3w;Coulter-Nile to Umar Akmal, 3 wide 135kph, full and slides down the leg side. Umar looks to tickle it down to fine leg to no avail. It bounces before Haddin who fumbles;
6.6;1;Watson to Umar Akmal, 1 run fullish on middle, picked away to deep square leg to retain strike;
6.5;4;Watson to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs terrific footwork from Umar! Dances down the track to turn it into a full toss on off stump and he's slammed this to the left of short cover. Calculated aggression. That's much better;
6.4;?;Watson to Umar Akmal, no run tries to walk, but Watson is in no mood for that. Digs in a bouncer and Umar has to adjust. He's off his feet and defends with soft hands;
6.3;1;Watson to Kamran, 1 run dragged down short on middle and he pulls down and to long leg.;
6.2;?;Watson to Kamran, no run moves outside leg, but Watson follows him. The full ball is eventually tapped away with the open face straight to point. That short boundary on the off side seems too inviting;
6.1;?;Watson to Kamran, no run nice and tight on middle and Karman tentatively pushes into the covers;
5.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Kamran, 1 run goes short and he has set himself up for the pull. Deep square leg has a bit of work to do, but they only take a single;
5.5;1lb;Coulter-Nile to Umar Akmal, 1 leg bye good length ball on leg stump, tries a flick but connects only with pad;
5.4;4;Coulter-Nile to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs slapped to the long-on boundary! Kamran was in serious danger there! This was short with room on offer and Umar has pounded it down the ground. No chance of stopping that once Kamran got out of the way;
5.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Umar Akmal, no run back of a length on off stump, Umar uses the depth of the crease and nudges straight of midwicket;
5.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Umar Akmal, no run hint of width outside off and Umar has lashed this to the right of point. Warner is up for the challenge;
5.1;1lb;Coulter-Nile to Kamran, 1 leg bye back of a length and tucks him up on leg stump, Kamran looks to whip it away but he doesn't succeed as well as he would like;
4.6;?;Watson to Umar Akmal, no run gets in line with the good length ball on off stump and presents a straight-bat punch;
4.5;?;Watson to Umar Akmal, no run good length ball on and around off stump, defended;
4.4;2;Watson to Umar Akmal, 2 runs walks again and he launches at the full length ball outside off. The bat face turns on impact and he beats mid-off who was running back to try and catch it;
4.3;2;Watson to Umar Akmal, 2 runs walks at him and Watson tries to outsmart him with a short ball. Umar is unperturbed as he pulls straight of midwicket;
4.2;W;Watson to Hafeez, OUT dragged on! This was full and outside off stump. Hafeez has been in a frenzy for quick runs and this time he wants to lash this through the covers, takes the inside edge and lights up the stumps.;Mohammad Hafeez b Watson 13 (13m 10b 2x4 0x6) SR: 130;
4.1;?;Watson to Hafeez, no run 124kph, back of a length and outside off, but Hafeez employs a wristy whip to midwicket again;
3.6;1;Bollinger to Hafeez, 1 run another swipe into the leg side with Bollinger keeping to his shortish length on middle. Doesn't time this too well though as the ball rolls into the vacant midwicket region;
3.5;4;Bollinger to Hafeez, FOUR runs picked away off the pads. This is a terrific shot. Shuffled across to off stump and he's swatted the fuller delivery from off stump. That midwicket boundary is rather short;
3.4;4;Bollinger to Hafeez, FOUR runs carted through midwicket. This was length and he was backing away and mauls this through to the boundary;
3.3;?;Bollinger to Hafeez, no run 140kph, Australia go up for a caught behind again, but it's off the thigh pad. Just short of a good length and angled on the pads. Hafeez's flick doesn't bear fruit;
3.2;?;Bollinger to Hafeez, no run uses soft hands to dab a shortish ball into the leg side. Bollinger is on hand to prevent the single;
3.1;2;Bollinger to Hafeez, 2 runs point dives to his left but he cannot get a hand to this back-foot punch from Hafeez. Good length ball on off stump met with an open face;
2.6;?;Starc to Kamran, no run 141 kph, short ball sails past the batsman's right shoulder as he sways away from it;
2.5;?;Starc to Kamran, no run 144kph, fullish on middle and off, Kamran gets in line and defends square on the off side;
2.4;?;Starc to Kamran, no run lured in by one that is angled across him. Short of a good length and rather wide. Wafts at it with no feet;
2.3;?;Starc to Kamran, no run good length ball on and around off stump, steered to point;
2.2;4;Starc to Kamran, FOUR runs that's through short point and his timing is good enough to find the boundary. This was quite full and he opens the face on impact to try and find the gap. Finch slides to his right, but cannot pull it back;
2.1;?;Starc to Kamran, no run shot! Took it on the up and drilled the fuller delivery on off stump into the man at cover;
2.1;1w;Starc to Kamran, 1 wide this time the inswinger takes the fuller ball down the leg side;
1.6;?;Bollinger to Hafeez, no run good length ball just outside off stump, dabbed into the covers;
1.5;2;Bollinger to Hafeez, 2 runs one hand flies off the bat as he pulls to behind square. Not quite in control of this either. Think Bollinger's hitting the bat a little quicker than the batsman expects;
1.4;W;Bollinger to Shehzad, OUT goes for the pull with one that is not at all short enough. Top edge lands into Bollinger's waiting hands and Pakistan lose an early wicket. He was cramped as well, with the line being on middle and off. Pakistan wanted to be a lot more aggressive in this game, but that time it went against them;Ahmed Shehzad c & b Bollinger 5 (8m 5b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
1.3;?;Bollinger to Shehzad, no run shortish on and around off stump as Shehzad is pushed back in his crease. Defended quite well. Soft hands;
1.2;1;Bollinger to Kamran, 1 run 142kph, slash and outside edge this time. This was full and pushed across the right-hander who plonks a horizontal bat towards the line;
1.1;?;Bollinger to Kamran, no run starts with an away swinger which was full enough, but it was directed too wide outside off. Slash and miss;
0.6;?;Starc to Shehzad, no run targets leg stump with one just short of a good length. Shehzad nudges off his thighs;
0.5;1;Starc to Kamran, 1 run 141 kph, good length ball on and around off stump, dabbed neatly to deep third man;
0.4;?;Starc to Kamran, no run keeps it fullish and just outside off, Akmal is a lot tighter now as he refrains from playing. Hint of inward movement there again;
0.3;?;Starc to Kamran, no run that is a terrific take behind the stumps, I think! The umps have gone upstairs after a little chat. Full and wide from Starc and Akmal jabs at it but replays show this is a bump ball. Haddin moves to his right and dives spectacularly to get this under control. Spectacular effort;
0.2;1;Starc to Shehzad, 1 run 138kph, that's a Starc special. Full and tailing in. Shehzad was stuck in his crease, but looks to nudge into the leg side. Gets an inside edge to get off strike.;
0.1;4;Starc to Shehzad, FOUR runs crrrrack! Waited on the back foot and carves this in front of point. Just a hint of room and he gets into an excellent position to find the gap and his timing is sublime;

So out walk Ahmed Shehzad and Kamran Akmal, practicing a few punches off either foot. Mini-meeting between Bailey. Hodge and the bowler Mitchell Starc
3.20 pm Mirpur gears up for both teams' national anthems.
mehdi zaman: "last time these two met in T20 world cup, Australia and Watson were in explosive form and our spinners strangled them to win the match, in fact Umar Gul didn't even get to bowl till the 18th over, if my memory serves me correctly "
"Why faulkner is not in the team? He was good in the India in similar conditions." Aw Vasim, you haven't read our preview, have you? Faulkner's out with a knee injury
Rupes: "With three left-arm bowlers, the Aussies should be careful that they don't make too much of a rough area outside off stump for Ajmal and Hafeez..." Doubt if it would make as much of an impact in a T20, but hey anything can happen, right?
3.05 pm Match Point is coming up in about five minutes, so do jump on this link and tune into Martin Crowe and Daryll Cullinan
Sean Pain: "What is the use of having coloured jerseys when it is difficult to distinguish between the teams looking at their jerseys?Aus and Pak have almost the same jersey with same colour combination." Hmph, and to think the captains had nothing to say about this absolutely vital matter...
Khurram: "6 toss before: capt decided to bat or bowl?" It's an equal distribution.
3.00 pm Australia have won the toss and elect to bowl. "No specific reasons for the decision," says George Bailey. Wow, that was casual. "Haven't played well in the business end perhaps," he says in response to Australia never winning this Cup. But he hopes for better luck this time. Pakistan have one change, with Zulfiqar Babar coming in place of Junaid Khan. They have a big meeting before the match and had discussed about playing more aggressively and expressing themselves better, says Mohammad Hafeez. Remember folks, in all six T20s played in Mirpur, the team winning the toss has won the game
Jilani: "T-20+Pak+Cheese and pepperoni pizza, me awake at 5 am, in minus-15 degree weather quite a lot of snow."
2.50 pm "Just love playing the game," says David Warner when asked of his success in T20 cricket. He enjoys the competitiveness involved and the expectation that when one scores 50 off 20, they have to do it all the time. Couldn't happen always. It's all about instinct in the first six overs, he adds. Try and think where the bowler bowls and react. Sometimes he bowls a good one and that's where you have to be switched on enough to put it away. The Pakistan spinners would be tough, he admits, and conditions suit them perfect but he says they've got the gameplan to handle them. Done it in the past, memories of lovely Michael Hussey in St Lucia and hopefully do that again today. Australia are playing fantastic as a group over the last 6-12 months and they're looking to press it forward.
Mohandas Menon tweets: David Warner run distribution in T20Is
0s: 386, 1s: 282, 2s: 64, 3s: 16, 4s: 122, 6s: 59, Balls: 929 #PakvAus #WT20
"Hafez vs Warner will be very interesting duel. Hafeez does not turn much but skids . Gul should be given new ball ahead of Junaid for a over or two. If Pakistan can remove either Flinch or Warner or both that will cause panic in Aussie camp" I wonder if it would only be short-lived panic though, Khondkar Salequ. Plus I've not seen Gul to be the force he usually is
2.40 pm Our very own Shiva Jayaraman shoots out just about the perfect stat with the toss around the corner. Mirpur has hosted six T20s and in all of them the team that has won the toss has gone on to win the game. Tuck into the preview by Brydon Coverdale and the musings from both camps.
"@Omprakash : That's an impossible combination..I wonder whether cricinfo has given you another 100M for picking players :P" wonders a sly Piyush Upadhyay.
"I would suggest Pak team management should re-adjust the batting order and place Sohaib Maqsood at 3 or 4 position," Are you sure, Muhammed Umair. I don't remember him being in good enough hitting form.
OMPRAKASH KHOJA: "Finch,Warner,kohli,watson & Gayle with Ajmal,narine & mishra in my fantasy team .....Can anybody tell me, whom should i make my captain..????" Dilemmas, dilemmas everywhere, eh?
2.30 pm I'm almost tempted to call this brain vs brawn, with Pakistan's canny exponents of spin and Australia's firecracker of a top-order. The pitch report also sets things up, with the track being nice and hard. There is a bit of roughness on it meaning the spinners will come into play, especially later in the afternoon. But Pakistan might not be too keen on facing the Australia quicks straight up.
"Any news about weather?" Ever the important question, Kamran. It's bright and sunny. Perhaps too hot, some might say. But it is expected to be a lot less accommodating in the evening when India and West Indies play
Pakistan are in a tight corner, early in the World T20. Their game against Australia is close to a must-win game. Watch this space for Match Point - our live preview show with Martin Crowe and Daryll Cullinan before start of play. If you have questions for the experts, send them to us on twitter with the #matchpoint, or using the commentary feedback option. You may also send them to us on Facebook.
 Innings Start
7.05 pm Not too long for you guys to catch your breaths because the second game is coming at you in a few minutes. Thank you for your company here, This is Alagappan Muthu, wishing long live T20.
"The only thing I could tell my bowlers when Maxwell was batting was just go there and keep attacking and the spinners, like Zulfiqar Babar did really well," says Mohammad Hafeez. "Umar Akmal showed his talent today. He held his nerve very well. He attacked and that's what we wanted our boys to do"
George Bailey says "The start we had, 40 for 2, I'd have taken that. You just try and play your best bowlers and Pakistan's spinners bowled very very well and also Umar Gul in the death. Batting and bowling go either way, but fielding was in our hands and we've set high standards and we didn't do well today"
Umar Akmal is the Man of the Match He wants to thank his management because they gave him a free hand to play as positive as he could. He says they've trusted me to play at No.4 and he says it is his preferred position would like to continue building more innings.
Kushal Joshi: "That was a quintessential choke from Australia. First 10 overs 117/2, last 10 58/8. "
7.00 pm Hugs all around for Pakistan. They had the game for the first 20 overs, lost it in the middle when Glenn Maxwell was going beserk, but their bowlers would not give up. Saeed Ajmal laid his St Lucia demons to rest with a wicket and a terrific catch on the boundary and helped Pakistan over the line. Umar Gul and Shahid Afridi produced telling overs in the death and ensured Umar Akmal's belligerent 94 was not in vain. Do join Martin Crowe and Daryll Cullinan on Match Point which has already gone live
19.6;W;Bhatti to Hogg, OUT off goes the leg stump! Pakistan have held their nerve and record a much-needed win! They're back in the World T20. This was fullish and outside leg, Hogg makes room and looks for a loft down the ground, gets an outside edge that clatters into the stumps;Brad Hogg b Bilawal Bhatti 3 (3m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
19.5;2;Bhatti to Hogg, 2 runs fullish and outside leg, pushed through extra cover;
19.4;W;Bhatti to Haddin, OUT holes out to deep midwicket! Pakistan have all but secured victory! Full and on the stumps, Haddin targets a slog to beat Malik, but he hasn't timed it well at all. The fielder runs forward and holds on to a good, low catch;Brad Haddin c Shoaib Malik b Bilawal Bhatti 8 (20m 8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
19.3;1;Bhatti to Hogg, 1 run high full toss just outside off, tapped down to long-off for a single;
19.2;W;Bhatti to Haddin, 1 run, OUT slower ball outside off, ends up a full toss which he drills to cover. Afridi fumbles, but he recovers quick enough to effect a run-out. Starc is the man who has to walk back, he was looking for the second run which was really not there. Might also have been a drop catch, but they get the wicket in the end;Mitchell Starc run out (?Kamran Akmal/Shahid Afridi) 3 (6m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 150;
19.1;2;Bhatti to Haddin, 2 runs length ball outside off, Haddin powers it down the ground. One-bounce to long-on who does well. Couple and he's back in strike;
18.6;2;Umar Gul to Starc, 2 runs slashed to deep cover for a couple. This was full and outside off and he cleared his leg and slams it away;
18.5;1;Umar Gul to Haddin, 1 run seeks the block hole outside off, Haddin looks to slog it away to the leg side and gets a thick inside edge through midwicket;
18.4;2;Umar Gul to Haddin, 2 runs full toss just outside off, he's heaved it to deep midwicket. Afridi fumbles a bit as the ball turns after pitching. Does well in the end, but the batsman race through for a couple;
18.3;1;Umar Gul to Starc, 1 run full and on off stump, presents an angled blade to deep point;
18.2;W;Umar Gul to Coulter-Nile, OUT cleans him up! Another one nice and full on middle and leg, Coulter-Nile looks to heave it into the leg side and loses his leg stump;Nathan Coulter-Nile b Umar Gul 0 (3m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
18.1;1;Umar Gul to Haddin, 1 run walks across and thumps this a full delivery on middle to deep midwicket. Just a single;
17.6;?;Ajmal to Coulter-Nile, no run only one run off that over! And a wicket too. Doosra to end it and Coulter-Nile's slog sweep amounts to nothing;
17.5;?;Ajmal to Coulter-Nile, no run another doosra pushed wide outside off and Coulter-Nile's slog sweep connects with a whole lot of air;
17.4;W;Ajmal to Finch, OUT yorker uproots leg stump! Finch is gone! What a crucial blow! He was struggling to get the big hits and Ajmal fires in just about the perfect ball. Finch swings but cannot get under it;Aaron Finch b Saeed Ajmal 65 (79m 54b 7x4 2x6) SR: 120.37;
17.3;?;Ajmal to Finch, no run he goes to the off side now and Ajmal fires it even further wide. Goes for a pull and he cannot connect. The keeper does extremely well to get behind it;
17.2;1;Ajmal to Haddin, 1 run waits on this length ball on off stump and steers it to short third man. Soft hands;
17.1;?;Ajmal to Haddin, no run doosra pushed full and across him, Haddin's sweep is way off the mark;
16.6;?;Umar Gul to Finch, no run yorker outside off, Finch tries to dig it out but is beaten;
16.5;4;Umar Gul to Finch, FOUR runs full on middle, Finch has smashed this to the deep midwicket boundary. Didn't get it off the middle and the bat turns on impact, but he's found the gap;
16.4;2;Umar Gul to Finch, 2 runs almost a yorker on off stump, Finch stays beside it and creams through towards the extra cover boundary. The man in the deep is quick enough to stop it;
16.3;W;Umar Gul to Hodge, OUT Ajmal, you beauty! This was hit like a rocket and he flings both hands up over his head at deep point and snares a very good catch! Pakistan are definitely pulling things back here. Full and outside off, Hodge had cleared his frong leg and had nailed this, but could not place it well enough. Ajmal wears a giant smile;Brad Hodge c Saeed Ajmal b Umar Gul 2 (6m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
16.2;1;Umar Gul to Finch, 1 run full on off stump, Finch swings wildy and gets a thick inside edge to long-on;
16.1;1;Umar Gul to Hodge, 1 run low full toss outside off, carves it to deep point;
15.6;?;Afridi to Finch, no run flighted on off stump, keeps the batsman to a forward defensive;
15.5;2;Afridi to Finch, 2 runs 126kph, he's fired that in on middle and off. Bunted to long-on;
15.4;?;Afridi to Finch, no run tossed up on off stump, pushed into the covers;
15.3;4;Afridi to Finch, FOUR runs powered to the square leg boundary. Fires it in on leg stump to make sure he doesn't give the batsman any room, but Finch has swept him away with complete authority;
15.2;1;Afridi to Hodge, 1 run full and just outside off, slapped to deep point with an open face;
15.1;W;Afridi to Bailey, OUT looks to lash this through extra cover, but Afridi has snuck through his defences and shattered his stumps. Pakistan sniff a chance to reclaim the advantage here;George Bailey b Shahid Afridi 4 (13m 9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 44.44;
14.6;4;Ajmal to Finch, FOUR runs jumped outside leg and Ajmal looked to dupe him by firing it full and outside off. Throws his bat and it and gets a handy bottom edge that evades the keeper and short third man;
14.5;1;Ajmal to Bailey, 1 run nicely swept as this is a fuller delivery on leg stump. Beats short fine leg, but deep square is handy;
14.4;1;Ajmal to Finch, 1 run fired in outside off, gets it off the bottom of the bat as he cuts into the covers;
14.3;1;Ajmal to Bailey, 1 run another doosra, this time Bailey reads it off the pitch and taps it to deep point;
14.2;1lb;Ajmal to Finch, 1 leg bye flat and full on leg stump, nudged away for a single behind square leg;
14.1;?;Ajmal to Finch, no run it's the one that goes straight on and Finch hasn't picked it. Goes for a slog sweep and misses. Struck on the body;
13.6;1;Afridi to Finch, 1 run;
13.5;4;Afridi to Finch, FOUR runs makes room outside leg and slashes. Gets a thick outside edge that was in the vicinity of short third man. Gul had to motor back but he doesn't make it and it runs away to the boundary too;
13.4;?;Afridi to Finch, no run full and targeting leg stump, Finch is stuck on the back foot and goes for the cut. Misses;
13.3;?;Afridi to Finch, no run tapped to point as this is length on middle;
13.2;1;Afridi to Bailey, 1 run 103 kph, flat and quick from Afridi and he gets a bottom edge. That was so close into crashing into the stumps;
13.1;?;Afridi to Bailey, no run pushed through on off stump, he goes back, makes some room and finds short third man;
12.6;1;Babar to Bailey, 1 run tossed up on middle, pushed to long-off;
12.5;?;Babar to Bailey, no run flighted on leg stump, pushed back to the bowler;
12.4;1;Babar to Finch, 1 run slows it up and flights it on leg stump, Finch reaches forward and defends into the covers for a single;
12.3;4;Babar to Finch, FOUR runs low full toss on leg stump, swept well past the short fine leg fielder. Easy boundary;
12.2;?;Babar to Finch, no run sees the batsman making room very early and fires it full and wide outside off. Finch wouldn't have reached it had he tried;
12.1;?;Babar to Finch, no run fired in on leg stump, Finch looks for a flick but is slow on the shot;
11.6;?;Afridi to Bailey, no run waits on the back foot as this too is flighted just outside off. Dabbed towards short third man;
11.5;?;Afridi to Bailey, no run flighted outside off, Bailey wants to slap it through the covers and misses as the ball scoots under his bat;
11.4;W;Afridi to Maxwell, OUT slog off the front foot again, but this time he's picked out deep midwicket! He picked it off a length and it looked good for another six, but the man steadied himself on the boundary and clings on. End of a match-changing innings from Maxwell and Pakistan will breathe a giant sigh of relief. Star man does the trick;Glenn Maxwell c Ahmed Shehzad b Shahid Afridi 74 (48m 33b 7x4 6x6) SR: 224.24;
11.3;2lb;Afridi to Maxwell, 2 leg byes flighted on leg stump and he goes for a sweep. Lobs off the pad towards short third man. Gul sends the throw at the bowler's end for the run-out, but Afridi can't collect it cleanly and they sneak a second;
11.2;1;Afridi to Finch, 1 run;
11.1;1;Afridi to Maxwell, 1 run thumped to the left of deep midwicket and Shehzad is the man who dives and pulls it back. Short ball to start;
10.6;1;Umar Gul to Maxwell, 1 run full toss outside off, slapped to long-on;
10.5;1;Umar Gul to Finch, 1 run clears his front leg and punts this length ball down the ground for a single;
10.4;1;Umar Gul to Maxwell, 1 run another low full toss outside off and he carts it over to deep mdiwicket;
10.3;1;Umar Gul to Finch, 1 run shortish on and around off stump, cuts away to deep third man;
10.2;1;Umar Gul to Maxwell, 1 run dropped by the sweeper! This was a low full toss which he had sliced to Ajmal. He runs in from the boundary and has a couple of grabs at it, but grasses it. Second drop in two overs;
10.1;?;Umar Gul to Maxwell, no run full and wide outside off, he looks to slice it down to third man but doesn't stretch far enough;
9.6;?;Ajmal to Finch, no run another doosra and I cannot understand how that has missed off stump! Tentative push from Finch, who had not picked it and is lucky to survive as the ball bounces right over the off bail and thuds into the keeper's gloves and promptly falls out. There was an outside edge too Ajmal throws a forlorn look back as Pakistan drop a crucial catch;
9.5;1;Ajmal to Maxwell, 1 run worked away off the pads and behind square leg;
9.4;?;Ajmal to Maxwell, no run there's the doosra. Maxi was looking to flay it over cover, but the turn defeats him;
9.3;4;Ajmal to Maxwell, FOUR runs flighted on middle and leg, swept away to the man in the deep;
9.2;6;Ajmal to Maxwell, SIX runs flat, hard and six over midwicket. That's the 100 off 51 balls between these two. Ajmal offers a quick length ball which has been mauled;
9.1;1;Ajmal to Finch, 1 run bit of turn as this is pitched on a good length. Finch cuts it from leg stump to the man in the deep;
8.6;?;Babar to Maxwell, no run goes for a sweep, has been an incredibly productive stroke for him in this innings, but this time he wears it on the body;
8.5;1;Babar to Finch, 1 run full toss on off stump, lofted and goes on the bounce to long-off;
8.4;1;Babar to Maxwell, 1 run 100kph, skips down the track as this is flatter on middle and leg. Struck to long-on;
8.3;1;Babar to Finch, 1 run flighted on off stump, he stays leg side of it and lofts towards the extra cover boundary. Long-off runs around to keep it to one;
8.2;?;Babar to Finch, no run lovely bowling this. Slowed his pace and cramped the batsman on off stump. Not enough turn to envisage that back cut;
8.1;?;Babar to Finch, no run tossed up outside off, Finch makes room and tries to flay it through the covers. Doesn't connect. Quite close to that inside edge;
7.6;4;Bhatti to Maxwell, FOUR runs low full toss outside off and he's creamed it to the extra cover boundary. That's 30 off the over!;
7.6;5nb;Bhatti to Maxwell, (no ball) beamer! And it continues on it's merry way to the fine leg boundary. Searching for the yorker but it was well over waist high. Maxwell ducks and sways and gets out of the way.;
7.5;6;Bhatti to Maxwell, SIX runs that's his fifty!. Fourth-fastest overall in T20 cricket. Length again just outside off and Maxi's swung this over long-on;
7.4;6;Bhatti to Maxwell, SIX runs no point with posting a deep midwicket. This sails clean over his head. Took it up off a length and deposits it for an 83m six;
7.3;4;Bhatti to Maxwell, FOUR runs he is just hitting every gap in the field! This has a bit of room outside off and Maxi's cut him to the point boundary. Sliced to the right of the man inside the circle and to the left of the one in the deep;
7.2;1;Bhatti to Finch, 1 run this is slightly slower and comes up as full toss on off stump, swiped through to deep midwicket;
7.1;4;Bhatti to Finch, FOUR runs full on middle and leg, Finch plants his front leg down the pitch and has lofted him wide of long-on. Clean and crisp hitting this;
6.6;6;Afridi to Maxwell, SIX runs another 15-run over! Just drifting on the pads and Maxi has been brutal with that sweep shot. Absolutely no intention to keep it down. Australia have smashed 39 runs in the last three;
6.5;1;Afridi to Finch, 1 run tapped to long-off as this is fired in on a length just outside off.;
6.4;6;Afridi to Finch, SIX runs flat and length on middle, Finch follows his partner's example and sweeps him over the square leg boundary. Concern on the face of Kamran behind the stumps;
6.3;?;Afridi to Finch, no run short and just outside off, Finch backs away and slaps to point;
6.2;1;Afridi to Maxwell, 1 run flighted on middle and Maxi's swept him all along the ground to deep midwicket.;
6.1;1;Afridi to Finch, 1 run jumps outside leg and cuts the length ball from the stumps. Sweeper comes in handy;
5.6;1;Ajmal to Finch, 1 run goes straight on with the arm as Finch pokes at it with an open face. Single to short third;
5.5;4;Ajmal to Finch, FOUR runs cut against the turn and what makes this even better was it was flatter, quicker and it was honing on leg stump. Finch was waiting on it and slaps behind point.;
5.4;6;Ajmal to Finch, SIX runs he has nailed this! This was tossed up on off stump and Finch gets down on one-knee and slog sweeps him over midwicket. Don't need to place the ball when you hit it out of the park;
5.3;1;Ajmal to Maxwell, 1 run good length ball on the stumps, Maxi slogs and it goes on the bounce to the man at deep midwicket;
5.2;1;Ajmal to Finch, 1 run leading edge into the covers. Doosra dupes Finch, who was looking for a tame flick towards midwicket;
5.1;?;Ajmal to Finch, no run fired in on leg stump and Finch is slow on the flick. Strikes him on the pads;
4.6;4;Umar Gul to Maxwell, FOUR runs full toss on off stump and Maxi accepts gleefully with a punch over point. A couple of bounces and into the boundary. Opened the face to find the placement again;
4.5;4;Umar Gul to Maxwell, FOUR runs slower ball just outside off and Maxi's tapped it beyond the reach of short third man. Gorgeous stroke, showcases the value of placement;
4.4;1;Umar Gul to Finch, 1 run he is hitting them like a dream but this time he has smacked the bowler on the shin. That's going to form a big purple bruise later, but for now Gul has stopped a certain boundary. Full and straight and a thumping straight drive;
4.3;?;Umar Gul to Finch, no run shortish delivery on off stump, Finch makes room, waits for it and slaps it to the man at cover again;
4.2;?;Umar Gul to Finch, no run full and outside off, Finch essays a charming cover drive. Lovely timing but he hasn't placed it well. Straight to the fielder;
4.1;?;Umar Gul to Finch, no run full toss outside off, Finch drags it to midwicket on the circle;
3.6;6;Hafeez to Maxwell, SIX runs terrible line from Hafeez. He wants to cramp the batsman, but he's playing into Maxi's strength. That sweep shot has sailed over the boundary behind square leg. That's 15 off the over;
3.5;1;Hafeez to Finch, 1 run drags the length down as he sees the batsman charging him. Dabbed to short fine leg;
3.4;1;Hafeez to Maxwell, 1 run full and just outside off, but he stays back and heaves this along the ground to deep midwicket;
3.3;6;Hafeez to Maxwell, SIX runs length on the stumps and Maxi's mauled it into the stands behind midwicket, right beside the Pakistan dug out;
3.2;1;Hafeez to Finch, 1 run makes a bit of room outside off and he slaps it in front of point for a quick single;
3.1;?;Hafeez to Finch, no run 100 kph, fired in just outside off. Finch looks for a swipe through midwicket but he's a little late on it;
2.6;?;Babar to Maxwell, no run another reverse sweep and still no luck. Quick and flat and angled in at him. Another lbw appeal to no avail;
2.5;?;Babar to Maxwell, no run held this one back and he went for the sweep again. Big appeal from Babar as he is struck on the front pad. Would have gone down leg though;
2.4;4;Babar to Maxwell, FOUR runs and he one-ups himself with a gorgeous lofted cover drive. Tossed up on off stump and he strode forward and launched it. Lovely timing;
2.3;4;Babar to Maxwell, FOUR runs the conventional sweep this time and he's picked the perfect ball for it. Drifting onto the pads and he's smacked it right off the middle;
2.2;?;Babar to Maxwell, no run much slower this time as he flights it on off stump. Maxi defends with a closed face and gets a leading edge that goes to ground;
2.1;1;Babar to Finch, 1 run flighted outside off and this is slog swept to the man on the boundary in front of square;
1.6;1;Hafeez to Finch, 1 run he was waiting abound four feet outside leg stump and pounds this flatter delivery that follows him through to deep midwicket;
1.5;1;Hafeez to Maxwell, 1 run pushed down to long-on for a single;
1.4;?;Hafeez to Maxwell, no run reverse sweep now from the new batsman, Maxi. First ball in the match for him and he is lucky to have his leg stump still intact;
1.3;1;Hafeez to Finch, 1 run flighted on and around off stump as he gets forward and picks up a single through the covers;
1.2;?;Hafeez to Finch, no run goes back and punches into the off side;
1.1;?;Hafeez to Finch, no run pushed through on a length down the leg side and misses with the flick;
0.6;W;Babar to Watson, OUT turn outside off snares Watson's edge and the keeper takes it! That's two in the over for Babar. Pakistan are on a roll. Goes for another smash over the top but this grips and turns to foil him;Shane Watson c ?Kamran Akmal b Zulfiqar Babar 4 (3m 4b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
0.5;4;Babar to Watson, FOUR runs drilled to long-on and it is through the desperate dive of Malik. On the front foot, reaches the pitch and has smoked this down the ground;
0.4;?;Babar to Watson, no run full on middle, Watson comes forward and blocks with a straight bat;
0.3;?;Babar to Watson, no run not too much flight as he targets a line just outside off. Left alone;
0.2;W;Babar to Warner, OUT off-stump is flat on the ground! This was flat and quick and Warner's cut is just a bit too slow! This is a huge wicket for Pakistan. Warner's been in outstanding form over the past few months. But Babar has outsmarted him. What a move by Pakistan.;David Warner b Zulfiqar Babar 4 (1m 2b 1x4 0x6) SR: 200;
0.1;4;Babar to Warner, FOUR runs charges down the track and looks for cover, but has to settle for an outside edge over short third man;

5.20 pm And we're back. It's Zulfiqar Babar against David Warner
 Innings Start
Pakistan
Australia
16th Match, Group 2 (D/N), Dhaka, Mar 23 2014, World T20
191/5
175
Player of the match is Umar Akmal, PAK
Pakistan won by 16 runs
