Data
What a debut innings from Mitchell Marsh. You'd say Australia are still below par, but this isn't a complete belter of a pitch so 147 gives them a chance. And momentum is often key in Twenty20. A lot of South Africa's cricket was very good, but they slipped at the occasional moments. However, they should still be favourites to chase this total and level the series. Join us in a few minutes to find out what happens, meanwhile Brydon Coverdale will shortly have some thoughts in his report.
19.6;W;Morkel to Marsh, OUT finally on target. A yorker extracts off stump as Marsh tries to guide it through the off side but not after some significant damage was done;Mitchell Marsh b Morkel 36 (28m 21b 0x4 4x6) SR: 171.42;
19.5;6;Morkel to Marsh, SIX runs take that! That...is...massive. Even for Jo'burg that's huge. Wrong length from Morkel - on a good length - and Marsh is able to get underneath the ball and swing it miles into the stands at deep midwicket;
19.4;6;Morkel to Marsh, SIX runs and another! This time he goes over extra cover. That's a superb shot as stands on leg stump and drives inside out with excellent timing;
19.3;?;Morkel to Marsh, no run swing and a miss this time;
19.2;6;Morkel to Marsh, SIX runs a little gem of an innings from Marsh as he crashes a full toss straight down the ground over long on...that's not an easy thing to do;
19.1;2;Morkel to Marsh, 2 runs good yorker, Marsh has a big swing and it comes off an inside edge out to deep square;
18.6;1;Parnell to Marsh, 1 run low full toss, comes off an outside edge through the covers;
18.5;1;Parnell to Pattinson, 1 run driven down the ground;
18.4;4;Parnell to Pattinson, FOUR runs short of a length and this time the No. 9 latches on with a sweetly struck pull which races through midwicket;
18.3;1;Parnell to Marsh, 1 run gives himself room to try and flay through the off side but only gets an edge into his boot;
18.2;2;Parnell to Marsh, 2 runs flicked off the pads and now there's a misfield at short fine-leg;
18.1;6;Parnell to Marsh, SIX runs that's gone the distance. A mighty blow from Marsh as he launches a back-of-a-length delivery over wide long on;
15.6;1;Theron to White, 1 run good yorker to finish with which is dug out to midwicket;
15.5;4;Theron to White, FOUR runs that's some good timing, it was a slower ball and White chips it down the ground with plenty of bottom hand to split the deep fielders;
15.4;?;Theron to White, no run dragged down a touch short but the batsman doesn't connect and only finds midwicket;
15.3;2;Theron to White, 2 runs another leading edge but this one clears extra cover and runs down to long off;
15.2;1;Theron to Marsh, 1 run angled down to third man;
15.1;?;Theron to Marsh, no run Theron back into the attack and his first delivery is chopped to backward point;
14.6;1;Botha to Marsh, 1 run worked off the pads to midwicket. It's a tight run, but they scamper home;
14.5;1;Botha to White, 1 run very full, drilled hard into the pitched and it bounces over Botha's out-stretched hand...the throw hits the stumps direct and almost costs an extra run;
14.4;1;Botha to Marsh, 1 run pushed square on the off side;
14.3;1;Botha to White, 1 run low full toss which is flicked down to long on;
14.2;4;Botha to White, FOUR runs oh dear! That's a shocker. It was a gentle drive through the covers but Morkel has let it through his legs at long off. Oops;
14.1;?;Botha to White, no run driven off a thick outside edge to short third man;
17.6;?;Theron to Pattinson, no run inside edge into the pads and point sprints in to prevent a single;
17.5;W;Theron to O'Keefe, OUT slashes outside off stump and gets a thin edge through to the keeper. Australia just can't build momentum in this innings. The umpires check for the no-ball, but this Theron has half his foot behind the line.;Steve O'Keefe c ?Kuhn b Theron 3 (6m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
17.5;1w;Theron to O'Keefe, 1 wide pushed down the leg side and that'll give Australia an extra delivery;
17.4;2;Theron to O'Keefe, 2 runs offers up some width and it's nicely cut away to deep point where the sweeper can't stop a second;
17.3;1;Theron to Marsh, 1 run chopped hard into the ground and it bounces over backward point down to third man;
17.2;?;Theron to Marsh, no run subtle change of pace and it beats Marsh as he uses his feet;
17.1;?;Theron to Marsh, no run can't beat backward point as he punches square;
16.6;1;Parnell to Marsh, 1 run driven down the ground to long off;
16.5;1;Parnell to O'Keefe, 1 run pushed off the back foot out to deep cover;
16.4;W;Parnell to Marsh, OUT football meets cricket! Excellent skills from Parnell in his follow through. Marsh got an inside edge into his pads which bobbled down by his feet. White called for the single, but Parnell sprinted from his follow through and kicked the ball into the stumps;Cameron White run out (Parnell) 39 (32m 26b 4x4 1x6) SR: 150;
16.3;1;Parnell to White, 1 run back of a length, doesn't come off the surface with much pace and White can't really time it down the ground;
16.2;1;Parnell to Marsh, 1 run third man in action again;
16.1;1;Parnell to White, 1 run stands outside leg stump then uses the angle to glide the ball down to third man;
13.6;?;Tsotsobe to Marsh, no run defends his first ball in international cricket to cover and has a big task ahead of him;
13.5;W;Tsotsobe to Smith, OUT another goes and Tsotsobe deserved that. Smith tries to work a slower ball off-cutter to the leg side and gets a leading edge to cover for a simple catch;Steven Smith c Miller b Tsotsobe 9 (14m 8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 112.5;
13.4;1;Tsotsobe to White, 1 run pushed down to long off;
13.3;1;Tsotsobe to Smith, 1 run driven through the off side;
13.2;2;Tsotsobe to Smith, 2 runs that has gone miles in the air, but doesn't reach the boundary. Smith went straight, managed to clear mid-on as he back-tracked then it plugged on the outfield;
13.1;1;Tsotsobe to White, 1 run slashed down to third man although it was meant to go more over cover;
12.6;2;Botha to Smith, 2 runs poor line this time and it's flicked very fine past the keeper although short fine-leg is able to chase it down;
12.5;1;Botha to White, 1 run back to normality as the batsman works a straight delivery down to long on;
12.5;1w;Botha to White, 1 wide ah, something different, speared down the leg side;
12.4;1;Botha to Smith, 1 run four in a row down the ground on the on side;
12.3;1;Botha to White, 1 run same again, working with the hint of turn down to long on;
12.2;1;Botha to Smith, 1 run outside off but again it goes down to long on with a wristy flick;
12.1;1;Botha to White, 1 run tossed up on the stumps and worked down the ground;
11.6;1;Morkel to White, 1 run opens the face to find third man;
11.5;1;Morkel to Smith, 1 run flicked to deep square leg;
11.4;1;Morkel to White, 1 run sharp bouncer from Morkel, White gets a combination of glove then helmet and the ball loops in front of the keeper;
11.3;?;Morkel to White, no run pushed into the off side;
11.2;4;Morkel to White, FOUR runs thumping shot. Hint of width, but it wasn't a half volley and White threw his hands through the line sending it racing through mid-off;
11.1;?;Morkel to White, no run on off stump, defended with bat and pad together;
10.6;1;Botha to White, 1 run worked down the ground and long on is quickly round to prevent a second;
10.5;?;Botha to White, no run quicker ball speared in towards the pads, half an appeal but going well down leg;
10.4;1;Botha to Smith, 1 run onto the front foot, takes an inside edge towards square leg;
10.3;W;Botha to Hussey, OUT big wicket for South Africa! Hussey has picked out long on...used his feet to Botha but didn't quite get the connection and was a well-judged catch near the boundary;David Hussey c Miller b Botha 12 (29m 14b 1x4 0x6) SR: 85.71;
10.2;1;Botha to White, 1 run a touch slower, White comes onto the front foot and works with the turn into the leg side;
10.1;1;Botha to Hussey, 1 run opens the face and guides this through backward point;
9.6;6;Theron to White, SIX runs the slower ball is deposited into the crowd beyond wide long on! White is wasting no time here. That was a fantastic pick-up, right out of the middle;
9.5;4;Theron to White, FOUR runs an attempted bouncer from Theron, but he's not got the pace to trouble White, even on this fast, bouncy track. White just swivelled onto the back foot and sent the ball racing to deep backward square;
9.4;1;Theron to Hussey, 1 run Theron hits a length outside off, and he's guided down to third man for one;
9.3;1;Theron to White, 1 run White is off the mark first ball, whipping uppishly but into space out at long leg;
9.2;1;Theron to Hussey, 1 run driven on the up through extra cover, and out to the sweeper;
9.1;W;Theron to Marsh, OUT well-caught by Kuhn! Marsh aimed to heave Theron's first delivery over midwicket but sliced under the ball. The swirling chance came down somewhere near backward point, where Kuhn had charged and called for it. There's a slight delay as the umpire checks for the no-ball, and though it's very tight the delivery is legitimate and Marsh is on his way. That's put a dent in Australia's fightback;Shaun Marsh c ?Kuhn b Theron 26 (34m 23b 2x4 2x6) SR: 113.04;
8.6;1;Botha to Marsh, 1 run pitched up again, but the line is a little off and he's worked wide of midwicket for one;
8.5;?;Botha to Marsh, no run speared down straight and very full, Marsh can only dig it out to cover;
8.4;?;Botha to Marsh, no run well bowled by Botha, who spotted Marsh backing away to leg and followed him with the arm ball;
8.3;?;Botha to Marsh, no run driven uppishly to extra cover! Dropping short of the fielder there;
8.2;1;Botha to Hussey, 1 run nurdled into the leg side for a single, played with the spin;
8.1;4;Botha to Hussey, FOUR runs slog swept to deep midwicket! Hussey allows Botha no time to settle, bending into a powerful shot that couldn't be hauled in by the sliding boundary rider;
7.6;6;Parnell to Marsh, SIX runs huge! Too full again by Parnell, and Marsh sends the ball sailing over wide long on with a great strike. Parnell's not having the greatest day out there. He can always come back with the bat though, that's what's great about being an allrounder ...;
7.5;4;Parnell to Marsh, FOUR runs crack! Pitched up by Parnell, and absolutely thrashed through cover by Marsh. He didn't move his feet much, but the connection was ominously good;
7.4;?;Parnell to Marsh, no run the slower ball bouncer from Parnell, not quite picked by Marsh. He was too early into his shot, inside edging into his body;
7.3;?;Parnell to Marsh, no run South Africa have been superbly energetic in the field so far, and Duminy once again does well to stop Marsh's push at backward point and put the batsman under pressure with a shy at the stumps;
7.2;1;Parnell to Hussey, 1 run slashed down through backward point, third man sprinting round;
7.1;2;Parnell to Hussey, 2 runs a fortuitous inside edge! Hussey tried to fetch this into the leg side from outside off, but the ball took the inside edge and burst between the batsman and his stumps. Not too far away at all ...;
6.6;?;Theron to Marsh, no run beaten once again! Theron dug this one in a little shorter, drawing extra bounce off the surface to beat the top edge of Marsh's pull;
6.5;?;Theron to Marsh, no run Marsh loses his shape in a massive mow outside off, and unsurprisingly doesn't come close to hitting it;
6.4;1;Theron to Hussey, 1 run a direct hit would've had him! Hussey pushed a tip-and-run single towards point, the fielder sprinted in and threw underarm, but couldn't hit the stumps. Marsh was a couple of yards short as the ball passed the stumps;
6.3;?;Theron to Hussey, no run good fielding again, this time it's Morkel at mid on. He had to rush to his left as Hussey drove with some timing, but managed to keep them to one;
6.2;1;Theron to Marsh, 1 run nudged away for a quick single on the leg side;
6.1;?;Theron to Marsh, no run well stopped! Theron offered width on the other side of the wicket, and Marsh nailed the cut, but Duminy got right behind it at point;
6.1;1w;Theron to Marsh, 1 wide not the best start, Theron pushing this one down the leg side;
5.6;?;Parnell to Hussey, no run Hussey aims to drive a length delivery back past the bowler, but it's cleanly stopped;
5.5;1;Parnell to Marsh, 1 run angled down through gully for one;
5.4;?;Parnell to Marsh, no run nasty delivery! Parnell pulled his length back a touch and aimed this one at Marsh's throat. The batsman played it well, though, dropping his hands and swaying back as the ball rushed up at him;
5.3;?;Parnell to Marsh, no run that's better from the left-armer. Parnell goes a little fuller and Marsh is beaten slashing outside off;
5.2;6;Parnell to Marsh, SIX runs six over cover! Good pace again from Parnell, but he offers width outside off and Marsh doesn't hold back, the ball landing beyond the cover boundary. Perhaps I should have called Parnell a batsman who bowls a bit?;
5.1;4;Parnell to Marsh, FOUR runs well, he's promptly dispatched to the midwicket boundary! Parnell charged to the crease with some hustle and slung one down at good pace, but slipped towards Marsh's pads and the batsman put him away with balance and timing;
4.6;?;Tsotsobe to Hussey, no run a hint of width offered as the ball is slanted across the right-hander, but his backfoot punch is stopped at cover point;
4.5;?;Tsotsobe to Hussey, no run a testing length yet again from Tsotsobe, and he keeps Hussey in his crease and defending;
4.4;?;Tsotsobe to Hussey, no run chopped to point defensively, Hussey thought about a cheaky single but was rightfully sent back;
4.3;W;Tsotsobe to Wade, OUT edged and gone! Wade charged the bowler and slashed at a length delivery, but didn't factor in the extra bounce and could only send a healthy edge through to Kuhn. This is turning into a bit of a top-order wobble now;Matthew Wade c ?Kuhn b Tsotsobe 10 (21m 13b 0x4 1x6) SR: 76.92;
4.2;?;Tsotsobe to Wade, no run Wade steps to the pitch and drives well, but pings the man at extra cover. Good shot for no runs;
4.1;1;Tsotsobe to Marsh, 1 run pushed gently into the off side for one;
3.6;?;Morkel to Wade, no run fuller from Morkel, and Wade comes forward to drive to mid off;
3.5;6;Morkel to Wade, SIX runs shot! Wade has settled in on this bouncy track, and indeed uses the lift off the wicket to great effect here, slamming a rising delivery outside off over point with a scything cut. That never got up very high but flew over the boundary;
3.4;1;Morkel to Marsh, 1 run another good stop by Amla at mid on. Marsh timed a clip off his pads but Amal sprinted across and slid to keep them to a single;
3.3;?;Morkel to Marsh, no run aimed at the top of off, and Marsh pushes bat and pad together in defence;
3.2;1;Morkel to Wade, 1 run Morkel aims for a slower-ball yorker, but it's dug it just wide of mid on for a single;
3.1;?;Morkel to Wade, no run fuller and straighter from the lanky fast bowler, and it's driven straight back at him;
3.1;1w;Morkel to Wade, 1 wide Morkel loses his direction just a touch, pushing this one down the leg side;
2.6;1;Tsotsobe to Wade, 1 run chopped down to third man, the ball rising off a length once more;
2.5;?;Tsotsobe to Wade, no run good fielding off his own bowling. A full delivery was driven hard back down the pitch but Tsotsobe bent down quickly to stop it;
2.4;1;Tsotsobe to Marsh, 1 run seam and bounce! Marsh had to hurriedly fend this one of his ribs, taking one hand off the bat as he did so, but managed to get it to fine leg;
2.3;?;Tsotsobe to Marsh, no run Tsotsobe lands one on a good length just outside off to get Marsh propping half-forward in defence;
2.2;1;Tsotsobe to Wade, 1 run a slashing cut this time! It's struck hard, but quite fine and Morkel slides across to stop it at third man;
2.1;?;Tsotsobe to Wade, no run pitched up outside off, and it's defended to cover point;
1.6;1;Morkel to Wade, 1 run a splice-jarring delivery! Both Morkel and Tsotsobe have found pleasing life in this surface. This one rose sharply outside off, but was played with soft hands down to third man;
1.5;W;Morkel to Warner, OUT gone this time! Warner slashes at a length delivery, slicing under the ball and sending it looping towards mid off ... where the fielder charges in and holds a good, sliding catch. Two ducks in two games for Warner;David Warner c Ingram b Morkel 0 (8m 9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
1.4;?;Morkel to Warner, no run the slower ball almost does for Warner! Morkel pulled his length back and sent this one down at just over 120kph. Warner was too early into his defence and popped the ball back, but it dropped short of the bowler;
1.3;?;Morkel to Warner, no run full and straight from Morkel. Warner whips off the pads, but finds the man at square leg;
1.2;?;Morkel to Warner, no run pushed wide across the left-hander, who decides to let this one go;
1.1;?;Morkel to Warner, no run a massive swipe! Warner was looking to launch this one into the stands beyond midwicket, but there was daylight between bat and ball as he swung at it;
0.6;?;Tsotsobe to Wade, no run tight bowling to end the over, Tsotsobe maintaining his line and length outside off. Wade defends;
0.5;?;Tsotsobe to Wade, no run great, probing delivery, but well-played by Wade. It reared at him outside off but he took the bottom hand off the bat and rode the bounce to get the ball down towards gully;
0.4;1lb;Tsotsobe to Warner, 1 leg bye yet more seam movement for Tsotsobe, and Warner collects a leg bye and a stinging blow to the upper thigh;
0.4;1w;Tsotsobe to Warner, 1 wide Warner looked to come forward at the bowler but Tsotsobe responded with a nippy bouncer ... unfortunately for him, he dug it in a little too short and that's another wide;
0.4;1w;Tsotsobe to Warner, 1 wide hurled down the leg side, and Australia's first run of the innings comes from a wide;
0.3;?;Tsotsobe to Warner, no run landing on a good length outside off. Warner steps half forward and defends to point;
0.2;?;Tsotsobe to Warner, no run ouch! Tsotsobe steams in and hits the seam, nipping one sharply back into Warner and striking him amidships;
0.1;?;Tsotsobe to Warner, no run as you'd expect, there's bounce and carry for Tsotsobe straight away. Unexpectedly, Warner just had a look at let this one go outside off. I'm sure we won't see too much more of that;

2.29pm Good grief, Wade has what looks suspiciously like a Wu Tang tattoo on his forearm. Major props if that is indeed what it is. He's at the crease now, Lonwabo Tsotsobe has the new ball in his hand, and we're just about ready to go.
2.25pm The injured AB de Villiers has been overheard saying that he expects far better from his team-mates today. They've spoken about how they'd like to bounce back here, but they'll have the Warner factor to deal with first.
"Just wondering what you thought of Wade's keeping last game?" asks Raif. "He is quite a good bat from all accounts, but I have heard his keeping is average. I haven't seen him play in Australia in over 18 months but he looked okay then - not that dissimilar to Haddin." You know, I didn't really notice his keeping that much. And as they say, if you don't notice the keeper then he's probably doing a good job. He didn't concede any byes and played his part in the run out of Hashim Amla.
"You've called Wayne Parnell an allrounder, are you serious," scoffs Justin from Australia. I'm afraid I am! The man's got a first-class 90 to his name. I didn't realise I was being so controversial.
2.15pm Our South Africa correspondent Firdose Moonda, who is at the ground today, has just told us that they've got DJ Craig De Sousa bringing the jams at the ground, and drum outfit First Project has been entertaining the growing crowd.
2.10pm Interestingly, there were a few boos when the name of former captain Graeme Smith was announced as part of South Africa's playing XI. Poor Graeme. He had an unhappy return to international cricket in the opening Twenty20, with a duck and a dropped catch to his name, and this certainly won't help.
2.05pm Australia have won the toss and will bat first, which isn't at all unexpected in Joburg as conditions are generally pretty good for batting. Shane Watson's injury means that Matthew Wade will open with David Warner, debutant Mitchell Marsh slotting in for the injured Watto.
The seamers generally find more joy than the spinners at the Wanderers (this and other interesting factoids in Brydon Coverdale's preview) and South Africa have swapped spinning allrounder Robin Petersen for seaming allrounder Wayne Parnell.
2.00pm As you'd expect, a good crowd is already streaming into the Wanderers, and it's a baking hot day in Gauteng.
1.55pm Hello everyone and welcome to coverage of the second Twenty20 from the Wanderers in Johannesburg. It's advantage Australia after their solid performance in Cape Town so the best the hosts can hope for is a share of the series.
Some early news filtering through is that Mitchell Marsh will make his debut and Shane Watson misses out with a minor hip injury.
 Innings Start
A tremendous game of Twenty20 cricket. It was all Australia when Kuhn went, but South Africa kept believing. There were doubts as to whether they had the depth in the batting, but Theron and Parnell showed otherwise with a stunning partnership. Australia inexperienced counted against them at the end, but South Africa's matchwinners aren't exactly senior figures.
"It's a little like the 438 game," says Firdose, "crazy scenes here." Not quite sure the chase is quite on a par with that, but locals will certainly enjoy it.
Wayne Parnell "We needed a lot, but I thought if could take it to the last over we'd have a chance. Rusty kept me calm."
"Get Liam out of the closet boys," writes Vikram. "Parny shows who's boss!" Eh?
Stay with us for the presentations. Plenty for Australia to take from these two matches, however, especially Cummins' and Pattinson's bowling and Mitchell Marsh's debut innings. Cameron White will rue getting his sums wrong a little with his bowlers, but they missed Shane Watson because the spinners weren't very effective.
Rusty Theron has been named Man of the Match. "It's not quite sunk in yet. It's one of the rare occasions where I'm quite speechless. My main objective was to bounce back after Cape Town the other day. I've had some time in the nets, and thanks to the coaching staff, and it's great to stand here now but Wayne was fantastic as well. I even felt a little teary-eyed towards the end but tried to keep it in." Hmm, yes, indeed.
Cameron White. "We didn't execute our skills at the end." Yes, sorry, he really did say that. "We were very confident we could win when Nos 8 and 9 came in but we didn't. It's a hard ground to come and win at. It's been two more games for us and there have been some encouraging performances from the youngsters who got to feel the heat and pressure of Twenty20 cricket."
Hashim Amla "Wayne and Rusty hit really well but they were very sensible too. It's about reading the game and those two showed how it can be done. It's a tribute to their skills. Games like this are exciting, I was biting a few nails here and there. The team enjoyed it and the atmosphere was fantastic. We have great games here."
That just about wraps things up for today as Cameron White and Hashim Amla each hold the trophy. Brydon will have his report ready shortly which will sum up all the action. It's been a good start to this tour and we now head towards the one-day series which starts on Wednesday. We'll be back to bring you all the action and also join us tomorrow for the second ODI between India and England. But, for now, it's goodbye from Andrew McGlashan and Liam Brickhill.
19.1;6;Hussey to Theron, SIX runs that's the game! Wins it with a six. What a comeback from South Africa. Down on one knee and Theron launches it over midwicket to spark the celebrations;
18.6;1;Cummins to Theron, 1 run full outside off, clubbed down the ground to long on;
18.5;?;Cummins to Theron, no run banged in short, that had some heat on it as it flew past an attempted pull shot;
18.4;4;Cummins to Theron, FOUR runs what a blow, that looks like the match, Theron picks up a length delivery over midwicket and it lands just short of the rope;
18.3;1;Cummins to Parnell, 1 run comes round the wicket, pitched full on off stump and Parnell calmly pushes towards cover;
18.3;1w;Cummins to Parnell, 1 wide fire down the leg side...momentum all with South Africa now. How quickly a game can change;
18.2;4;Cummins to Parnell, FOUR runs and that will make it even better, short of a length and Parnell picks it up beautifully over midwicket with a pull off one leg over midwicket;
18.1;1lb;Cummins to Theron, 1 leg bye moves across his stumps, shapes to swing it over the leg side but it comes off the pads;
18.1;1w;Cummins to Theron, 1 wide not a great start, short and down the leg side...this is pressure for an 18-year-old;
17.6;6;O'Keefe to Parnell, SIX runs oh boy, what a blow. What an surge from South Africa. Swung high over midwicket by Parnell;
17.5;1;O'Keefe to Theron, 1 run opens the face and steers it to backward point. South Africa have what they need off this over;
17.4;1;O'Keefe to Parnell, 1 run pushed square on the off side between short third man and point;
17.3;6;O'Keefe to Parnell, SIX runs that's big! Down the pitch and flicked over deep square leg, not a huge amount of power but it flew;
17.2;4;O'Keefe to Parnell, FOUR runs this one comes out of the middle as it is crunched straight back over the bowler's head...almost took out the umpire, too;
17.1;?;O'Keefe to Parnell, no run round the wicket, goes for a slog sweep and doesn't connect;
16.6;1;Bollinger to Parnell, 1 run touch fuller to Parnell who gets in inside edge into his pads and the ball rolls towards point;
16.5;1;Bollinger to Theron, 1 run lofted down the ground to long off;
16.4;?;Bollinger to Theron, no run responds with a dot ball, but perhaps a little fortunate because it was short of a length again and Theron misses his pull;
16.3;4;Bollinger to Theron, FOUR runs home side still just alive here, Theron picks up a good length delivery and pulls it over midwicket with a short-arm jab;
16.2;2;Bollinger to Theron, 2 runs now this one flies off the edge down to third man...oh, superb fielding this time by O'Keefe as he dives full length as that looked like another boundary;
16.1;4;Bollinger to Theron, FOUR runs well, Theron hasn't given up as he unleashes a strong cover drive that races to the boundary;
15.6;4;Cummins to Parnell, FOUR runs that's a blooper from O'Keefe at third man...Parnell opened the face, it shoulder have been a single but O'Keefe treated the ball like a bar of soap and let it through.;
15.5;1;Cummins to Theron, 1 run whipped strong off leg stump but again it goes straight to the boundary rider at deep square;
15.4;1;Cummins to Parnell, 1 run worked off leg stump to midwicket;
15.4;1w;Cummins to Parnell, 1 wide short from Cummins and too short;
15.3;3;Cummins to Theron, 3 runs a slower ball is nicely picked up over midwicket, the fielder from deep square puts in a good chase and dive to flick it back then let it go before he rolled over the boundary;
15.2;1;Cummins to Parnell, 1 run on leg stump, turned away in front of square;
15.1;1lb;Cummins to Theron, 1 leg bye nips back into the pads then bounces out towards backward point;
14.6;1;Pattinson to Theron, 1 run back of length, turned through midwicket off the back foot;
14.5;2;Pattinson to Theron, 2 runs starts with a firm drive through the covers but South Africa need a miracle from here;
14.4;W;Pattinson to Kuhn, OUT gone! They are falling quickly now. A sharp return catch by a quick bowler. Kuhn went for the drive and Pattinson took it cleanly a little to his right;Heino Kuhn c & b Pattinson 3 (7m 9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
14.3;?;Pattinson to Kuhn, no run short outside off, Kuhn goes for the pull but only connects with fresh air;
14.2;2;Pattinson to Kuhn, 2 runs a very straight drive and it takes out the non-striker's leg stump then deflects away towards midwicket;
14.1;?;Pattinson to Kuhn, no run excellent yorker outside off stump, Kuhn chops over the top of the ball;
13.6;W;O'Keefe to Botha, OUT that could be the game! Botha goes for the reverse sweep, it comes off the top edge and finds short third man;Johan Botha c Pattinson b O'Keefe 34 (40m 28b 3x4 1x6) SR: 121.42;
13.5;1;O'Keefe to Kuhn, 1 run connects this time with the sweep but it's only a single to deep square;
13.4;?;O'Keefe to Kuhn, no run goes for sweep from outside off, doesn't make contact, the pressure grows;
13.3;?;O'Keefe to Kuhn, no run comes in with the arm and Kuhn drives to cover;
13.2;?;O'Keefe to Kuhn, no run lovely bowling, tossed up a little more and it spins past the outside edge;
13.1;1;O'Keefe to Botha, 1 run whipped through midwicket;
12.6;?;Pattinson to Kuhn, no run defended into the off side;
12.5;W;Pattinson to Miller, OUT big wicket! Pattinson is on target, was quite a full delivery and Miller tried to pull it through midwicket from a crouched position but is middle stump is rattled;David Miller b Pattinson 10 (17m 13b 1x4 0x6) SR: 76.92;
12.4;?;Pattinson to Miller, no run good yorker, Miller tries to force it away but can only push it back to the bowler;
12.3;1;Pattinson to Botha, 1 run full delivery whipped from outside off down to long on;
12.2;2;Pattinson to Botha, 2 runs now takes advantage of more width outside, this time he goes squarer through point which makes the cover sweeper cover some ground;
12.1;4;Pattinson to Botha, FOUR runs top shot from Botha, he's playing well, as he drives this on the up through the covers;
11.6;1;Marsh to Botha, 1 run close! Nearly a wicket for Marsh as Botha comes down the pitch and drives a fraction early, but the ball falls short of cover who is on the edge of the circle;
11.5;?;Marsh to Botha, no run not much bounce on this which means Botha can't connect with his attempt at a cut;
11.4;1;Marsh to Miller, 1 run slower ball, very full outside off and it's driven out to the cover sweeper;
11.3;1;Marsh to Botha, 1 run gets back outside off and Botha opens the face to find third man;
11.3;1w;Marsh to Botha, 1 wide now he pushes this down the leg side, so pressure on Marsh;
11.2;6;Marsh to Botha, SIX runs dropped in short and Marsh gets some of his own medicine as Botha pulls it well into the stands at deep square leg;
11.1;1;Marsh to Miller, 1 run straight delivery which is pushed in the off side;
10.6;?;Pattinson to Botha, no run good comeback, excellent delivery tails in towards middle stump and Botha can only dig it out into the off side;
10.6;1w;Pattinson to Botha, 1 wide sprays this well wide of off stump and that's an easy decision for the umpire;
10.5;?;Pattinson to Botha, no run good short ball, rises over off stump and Botha sways out of the line...valuable dot balls for Australia;
10.4;?;Pattinson to Botha, no run ooh, he gets away with that one as it's a touch short and wide but Botha plays over the top of the ball;
10.3;1lb;Pattinson to Miller, 1 leg bye outside leg stump, takes the pad towards square leg;
10.2;?;Pattinson to Miller, no run banged in back of a length, goes for the pull but only gets a bottom edge that rolls to midwicket;
10.1;1;Pattinson to Botha, 1 run good line on off stump, dropped square of the wicket on the off side and the non-striker has to get a hurry on;
9.6;4;O'Keefe to Miller, FOUR runs a top edge goes for four! Miller was trying to slog sweep, but the ball took the edge, flew over Wade's head, and down to the boundary;
9.5;1;O'Keefe to Botha, 1 run chopped down to short third man, and they take a sprinted single;
9.4;1;O'Keefe to Miller, 1 run a touch too short. Miller tries to make the most of it, rocking back to pull, but there's a sweeper out at deep midwicket;
9.3;?;O'Keefe to Miller, no run pushed straight at the midwicket fielder;
9.2;2;O'Keefe to Miller, 2 runs Miller uses his feet well to get to the pitch, cracking the ball hard out to deep midwicket, where a good sliding stop from Mitchell Marsh saves runs;
9.1;1;O'Keefe to Botha, 1 run whipped with plenty of wrist to long on. Watch out for that leading edge ...;
8.6;1;Hussey to Botha, 1 run over-throw! Botha flicked to midwicket, and is allowed through for a single by a wild shy at the striker's end;
8.5;1;Hussey to Miller, 1 run he's off the mark now, driving a full ball out to long off;
8.4;?;Hussey to Miller, no run more defence from the left-hander;
8.3;?;Hussey to Miller, no run pushed defensively to backward point off the front foot;
8.2;W;Hussey to Smith, OUT but he's gone now! There'll be no match-saving innings from Smith. He tried to nudge this into the leg side but got a thick leading edge that flew back at Hussey, who made no mistake. South Africa are in some serious bother now. Time for a Parnell special?;Graeme Smith c & b Hussey 24 (38m 22b 1x4 1x6) SR: 109.09;
8.1;6;Hussey to Smith, SIX runs boom! Smith lumbers down the track and clobbers one over deep midwicket. That was a bit of a crowd-killer;
7.6;?;O'Keefe to Botha, no run slammed back hard, but straight at the bowler;
7.5;1;O'Keefe to Smith, 1 run driven to long on, just the single;
7.4;1;O'Keefe to Botha, 1 run pushed down the ground;
7.3;2;O'Keefe to Botha, 2 runs skied, but the chance falls safely! Botha tried to go over long off but sliced at it. Both White and Warner charged over, Warner went for it in the end but the ball bounced in front of him;
7.2;1;O'Keefe to Smith, 1 run swept out to long leg, just the single;
7.1;1;O'Keefe to Botha, 1 run floated up on middle and leg, Botha working the ball to wide long on with plenty of bottom hand;
6.6;2;Hussey to Smith, 2 runs shovelled out to deep midwicket, and they hurry back for the second;
6.5;?;Hussey to Smith, no run has he been stumped? Smith went down on one knee and attempted a slog-sweep, but missed it and Wade had the bails off in a flash. But did the batsman raise his back foot after the shot? He did not, and that's not out. A cheer from the crowd ...;
6.4;?;Hussey to Smith, no run tapped back down the track, Hussey scurrying across to field off his own bowling;
6.3;2;Hussey to Smith, 2 runs clubbed down the ground, but long on sprints round and saves the boundary;
6.2;1;Hussey to Botha, 1 run Botha steps across to off and flicks one to short fine leg;
6.1;1;Hussey to Smith, 1 run whipped off the toes, the ball rolling to midwicket;
5.6;1;Pattinson to Smith, 1 run slapped hard, but straight to the man at short fine leg! This was a good shot from Smith, and if he'd hit it a yard on either side of the fielder, it would have been four. No luck though, and he has to be content with a scampered single;
5.5;1;Pattinson to Botha, 1 run a tip-and-run single to midwicket is on offer as Botha fends one-handed to leg;
5.4;?;Pattinson to Botha, no run forced wristily to cover off the back foot, Botha unable to penetrate the off-side field;
5.3;1;Pattinson to Smith, 1 run whipped powerfully off the pads, but there's protection out at deep midwicket;
5.2;?;Pattinson to Smith, no run shorter from Pattinson, and Smith is beaten by pace and bounce as he steps back to pull, wearing one on the body;
5.1;?;Pattinson to Smith, no run on a good, full length, and Smith pushes to cover;
4.6;4;Bollinger to Botha, FOUR runs inside edged past the stumps! Botha looked to punch this delivery to cover, but it seamed in a touch to take the inside edge, rocketing past the stumps and down to fine leg;
4.5;?;Bollinger to Botha, no run a touch predictably, he follows that up with a proper bouncer. Botha ducks beneath it in good time;
4.4;4;Bollinger to Botha, FOUR runs slammed to deep midwicket! A bit of a nothing delivery from Bollinger, not short enough to be called a bouncer, and Botha stepped back to hammer it into the leg side;
4.3;?;Bollinger to Botha, no run Botha comes half forward to defend a length delivery back to the bowler;
4.2;1;Bollinger to Smith, 1 run Smith swings a length delivery down to fine leg for one;
4.1;?;Bollinger to Smith, no run a slow offcutter, not picked by Smith! He had stepped forward in defence but played too soon at it. Fortunately for him, there was no-one at short extra cover;
3.6;?;Cummins to Botha, no run full, fast, and tentatively tapped to mid on;
3.5;W;Cummins to Duminy, OUT quality cricket from Australia. A searing Cummins delivery finds a thick edge, and David Hussey tumbles to his right at a wide slip to cling onto the chance. The 'wrong' Hussey? Perhaps not. South Africa are really struggling, and Smith now has a chance to go from zero to hero ...;Jean-Paul Duminy c Hussey b Cummins 0 (4m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
3.4;?;Cummins to Duminy, no run the slower ball bouncer! Duminy had decided to pull out of the way, but it was a good delivery all the same, and it gets a jeering roar from the Wanderers crowd. A compliment for any visiting fast bowler ...;
3.3;?;Cummins to Duminy, no run this is attacking stuff from Cummins. He's aiming at the stumps. This one was a little fuller, and Duminy dug it out to mid off;
3.2;?;Cummins to Duminy, no run a testing delivery, aimed at the top of off, is defended back to the bowler;
3.1;W;Cummins to Ingram, OUT chopped on! Ingram tried to seize on a touch of width from Cummins but this time he played over the top of it, and the inside edge cannoned into his stumps. South Africa wobble ...;Colin Ingram b Cummins 5 (11m 6b 1x4 0x6) SR: 83.33;
2.6;4;Bollinger to Smith, FOUR runs cunning placement from the former captain! Smith moved back and across, hitting the ball well enough to beat the man at short fine leg;
2.5;1;Bollinger to Ingram, 1 run a well-judged single. Ingram nudged one off the hip to backward square and the call from Smith was immediate;
2.4;?;Bollinger to Ingram, no run beaten, slashing outside off. Ingram probably tried to slap this one a little too hard as Bollinger offered up some width;
2.3;4;Bollinger to Ingram, FOUR runs shot! Ingram stands bravely tall as Bollinger sends down another short delivery, pulling in front of midwicket. The ball raced to the boundary on this velvet outfield;
2.2;?;Bollinger to Ingram, no run seam and bounce for Bollinger! He's enjoying these conditions. Ingram was just beginning to edge away to the leg side but Bollinger followed him with an aggressive, rising delivery;
2.1;1;Bollinger to Smith, 1 run flicked off the pads, just the one run;
1.6;?;Cummins to Ingram, no run Ingram safely negotiates his first delivery, defending to point;
1.5;1;Cummins to Smith, 1 run and now he's almost trod on his own stumps ... Smith jumped back to tuck a ball away to leg but slipped a little as he played the shot. No major harm done;
1.4;2;Cummins to Smith, 2 runs leading edge! Smith didn't know much about this. He was attempting a shovel to leg but the ball seamed and bounce, took the leading edge, and bounced just over the leaping point fielder;
1.3;?;Cummins to Smith, no run nicely full once again from Cummins, who has to stoop low in his follow through to stop Smith's drive;
1.2;?;Cummins to Smith, no run full and wide. Smith jabs down at it, bottom edging it into the ground and back to the keeper;
1.1;?;Cummins to Smith, no run beaten outside off! Cummins jagged one away from Smith off the wicket. To the batsman's credit, he did keep his bat just inside the line;
0.6;W;Bollinger to Amla, OUT bowled him! Bollinger strikes for Australia. Once again he's nicely full and Amla is caught on the crease when he should really have been forward. He swished across the line at the delivery but looked back to see his off stump pegged back. This is going to be a tricky chase for South Africa ...;Hashim Amla b Bollinger 4 (5m 6b 1x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
0.5;?;Bollinger to Amla, no run that's the length! Amla was drawn half forward but couldn't get anywhere near the pitch of the ball, and was beaten on the outside edge as he poked at it;
0.4;?;Bollinger to Amla, no run that's a better length, Amla hopping back in defence. He could go a touch fuller with this new ball though ...;
0.4;1w;Bollinger to Amla, 1 wide hit that! Bollinger's response is to dig one in at his feet, and the ball balloons high over Amla's head. A clear wide;
0.3;4;Bollinger to Amla, FOUR runs pulled to deep square leg! Amla didn't look in complete control of the shot, and it definitely didn't come off the middle of the bat, but he committed to the stroke and managed to hit it well enough to get four;
0.2;?;Bollinger to Amla, no run once again Bollinger keeps Amla deep in his crease with a rising delivery. Good pace too;
0.1;?;Bollinger to Amla, no run Bollinger slams one down on a length to start, and Amla hops back in defence;

Hello everyone, Liam here. Welcome back to South Africa's chase. "Australia have picked the wrong Hussey," reckons Pras G. "The Freak should have been playing." I hope everyone realises he means that as a compliment!
"44 runs off 24 Parnell balls - I'm giving 2-1 odds that he'll make duplicate that score with the bat." I like those odds, Sutty.
 Innings Start
Australia
South Africa
2nd T20I, Johannesburg, Oct 16 2011, Australia tour of South Africa
147/8
148/7
Player of the match is Rusty Theron, SA
South Africa won by 3 wickets (with 5 balls remaining)
