Data
The spinners - Murali Kartik and Harbhajan Singh - applied the brakes to the Australian innings which was off to a ballistic start. Few wickets, few tight overs before Australia recovered to post 166. Game on now. Join me, Sriram Veera, in a short while for the chase.
HRG: "Ponting's 13 fours in his innings of 76 is next to Gibbs' 14 fours against West Indies at Jo'burg on 11.09.07."
19.6;1;Singh to Clarke, 1 run yorker, just outside off stump, Clarke can only stab at it and picks up a single to cover region. Good tight over from RP and Australia end up on 166.;
19.5;1;Singh to Haddin, 1 run full in length, on the off stump line, driven to long-off for a single;
19.4;2;Singh to Haddin, 2 runs And again. Another full delivery and Haddin pings the wide long-off region;
19.3;2;Singh to Haddin, 2 runs full in length, outside off stump, driven to wide long-off for couple of runs;
19.3;1w;Singh to Haddin, 1 wide appeal for a catch behind and umpire Saheba calls it a wide. ah! Way outside off stump, Haddin tries to reach it and gets a edge but the umpire didn't pick it. RP can't believe it and you can guess what hindi expletive he would have uttered...!;
19.2;?;Singh to Haddin, no run Dot ball. full in length, outside off stump, Haddin goes for a big heave across the line but no wood on leather though.;
19.1;1;Singh to Clarke, 1 run yorker to start off the last over, pushed to extra cover. Five balls to go.;
18.6;W;Pathan to Ponting, OUT Another batsman drags it on. Full in length, on the off and middle, angling away, Ponting goes for a ambitious pull and gets a fatal inside edge.;Ricky Ponting b Pathan 76 (79m 53b 13x4 0x6) SR: 143.39;
18.5;2;Pathan to Ponting, 2 runs full in length, on the stumps, Ponting takes out the front leg off the line and hits it to right of Uthappa at long-on;
18.4;1;Pathan to Clarke, 1 run slow off cutter, spinning in from middle and leg, turned past square leg;
18.3;1;Pathan to Ponting, 1 run again full, on the off stump line, Ponting goes for a off drive and makes contact with the inner half of the bat and the ball rolls away to midwicket;
18.2;1;Pathan to Clarke, 1 run yorker, on the off stump line, jabbed away through mid-off;
18.1;4;Pathan to Clarke, FOUR runs off cutter, on the off stump line, Clarke forces it through cover region and Rohit Sharma, coming across from sweeper cover, makes a awful fumble and gives away a boundary.;
15.6;?;Kartik to Ponting, no run on the middle and leg, tries to sweep but it bounces more than he expects and is struck on the pad. Impressive over comes to an end;
15.5;?;Kartik to Ponting, no run ripper. It landed on a length, on the middle and off stump, Ponting is caught at the crease, tries to cut it to the off side and the ball spins past the bat and just over the off stump.;
15.4;?;Kartik to Ponting, no run comes out of the crease and Kartik fired it in shorter and Ponting is struck on the pad;
15.3;1;Kartik to Clarke, 1 run arm-ball, full and homing in on the off stump, Clarke backs away to cut it past point;
15.2;2;Kartik to Clarke, 2 runs tossed-up, on a length, on the off and middle and it spins away, Clarke drives and gets a outside edge through backward point;
15.1;1;Kartik to Ponting, 1 run pushes forward, the ball hits the pad and rolls to the on side;
14.6;W;Pathan to Hodge, OUT The middle stump has been pegged back and settles into Dhoni's gloves. Length delivery, no slow off cutter this time, and Hodge goes for a pull but misses it completely. Gone. Hodge's nightmarish tour ends.;Brad Hodge b Pathan 2 (7m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
14.5;1;Pathan to Ponting, 1 run back to the slow off cutter. Full and outside off, driven to long-off for a single;
14.4;?;Pathan to Ponting, no run appeal for stumping. Full in length, on the middle and off and it slants away. Ponting is beaten, going for a pull and Dhoni takes the bails off in a flash. Ponting's back foot is planted inside the crease.;
14.3;1;Pathan to Hodge, 1 run Full and outside off stump, carved to right of sweeper cover;
14.2;?;Pathan to Hodge, no run 115.5 kmph, slow off cutter, fullish, Hodge is early into the drive and hits it back to Pathan who dives forward and to his right to make the stop;
14.1;1;Pathan to Ponting, 1 run full and around the off stump, driven to the off side;
17.6;4;Sreesanth to Ponting, FOUR runs fab off drive. Fullish, on the off stump line and Ponting leans into his drive and pings the wide long-on boundary. Caressed away. No violence. Classy.;
17.6;5w;Sreesanth to Ponting, 5 wide banged in short and it sails well above Ponting's head. Both Ponting and Dhoni can't reach it;
17.5;3;Sreesanth to Clarke, 3 runs another length delivery outside off, driven on the up, through the line towards long-off where Robin fumbles and gives away an extra run;
17.4;1;Sreesanth to Ponting, 1 run full in length, outside off, driven to long-off;
17.3;4;Sreesanth to Ponting, FOUR runs Leans forward to pull it off the front foot, the ball flies off the inner-half of the bat and Harbhajan makes a sliding stop near the ropes but the right foot had touched the ropes.;
17.2;1;Sreesanth to Clarke, 1 run length delivery on the middle and leg, Clarke stays adjacent to the line and gets a outside edge to backward point;
17.1;4;Sreesanth to Clarke, FOUR runs good ol' lemon cut. Full in length, on the stumps, Clarke goes for a on-the-up drive and ends up nicking it past the leg stump;
16.6;1;Harbhajan to Clarke, 1 run full again, Clarke comes out, almost yorks himself in the process and jabs it through mid-on;
16.5;2;Harbhajan to Clarke, 2 runs again full, on the yorker length, Clarke takes it on the full and turns it to deep midwicket;
16.4;2;Harbhajan to Clarke, 2 runs hurls it full, on the yorker length, turned away past square leg. Sreesanth, running in from long leg, fumbles and they complete the second run;
16.3;1;Harbhajan to Ponting, 1 run;
16.2;1;Harbhajan to Clarke, 1 run slower, on the middle stump line, turning in, swept past square leg;
16.1;?;Harbhajan to Clarke, no run short in length, spinning in from outside off, Clarke is on the front foot and turns it to midwicket;
13.6;?;Harbhajan to Hodge, no run flighted full into the blockhole, jabbed back down the track;
13.5;?;Harbhajan to Hodge, no run flighted one, slower in the air and it spins in to evade to forward prod and strikes him on the pad;
13.4;1;Harbhajan to Ponting, 1 run;
13.3;1;Harbhajan to Hodge, 1 run pushes to extra cover for a quick single;
13.2;1;Harbhajan to Ponting, 1 run leans forward to drive through the on side;
13.1;W;Harbhajan to Ponting, OUT what drama. Ponting almost gives a return catch off a leading edge and as it turns out it is Symonds who is run out. It was floated in the air, full and it curved away at the last minute, Ponting tried to play across the line and got a leading edge. The ball lobbed up towards say .. short cover and Harbhajan couldn't reach it. Huge hesitation as Ponting sets off for a run before stopping and again proceeding before stopping again! Symonds was sold a dummy and couldn't get back to the non-striker's end. Harbhajan Singh threw the ball to Yuvraj who takes the bails off. Chaos.;Andrew Symonds run out (Harbhajan Singh/Yuvraj Singh) 20 (23m 18b 1x4 0x6) SR: 111.11;
12.6;1;Sreesanth to Ponting, 1 run full in length, on the off stump line, driven through mid-off for a single;
12.5;4;Sreesanth to Ponting, FOUR runs skies a pull but its in the gap. Another shortish delivery and Ponting goes for a pull and the ball soars high in the air towards wide midwicket region;
12.4;4;Sreesanth to Ponting, FOUR runs short in length and Ponting unfurls a neat pull shot. Four more;
12.3;4;Sreesanth to Ponting, FOUR runs dropped by Dhoni. . Full in length and outside off stump, Ponting goes for a slash across the line - a pull shot off the front foot - and got a thick edge. It was travelling at some speed and Dhoni sprang to his right but ended up palming it over.;
12.2;1;Sreesanth to Symonds, 1 run Fab stop from Yuvraj. A tad short in length and Symonds cuts to right of Yuvraj who dives to make a half-stop;
12.1;?;Sreesanth to Symonds, no run full in length, straight, on the middle and off, Symonds backed away a touch and cut it hard but straight to Yuvraj at point.;
11.6;?;Kartik to Ponting, no run he has started to mix things up nicely. This one spins away sharply and past the outside edge as Ponting stabbed at it;
11.5;1;Kartik to Symonds, 1 run full and around off stump, driven hard but Yuvraj Singh dives at extra cover to make a smart stop;
11.4;2;Kartik to Symonds, 2 runs;
11.3;4;Kartik to Symonds, FOUR runs charges out and lofts over the infield on the off side. He didn't quite reach the pitch , was beaten in the flight but went through with the shot;
11.2;1lb;Kartik to Ponting, 1 leg bye this one turns away and it beats the forward prod and Ponting picks up a leg bye;
11.1;1lb;Kartik to Symonds, 1 leg bye another arm-ball, just outside off stump and Symonds is struck on the pad and stifled appeal goes up. Struck outside off stump;
10.6;1;Pathan to Symonds, 1 run 118 k, on a length, around the off stump, pushed to cover point and will retain the strike. Pathan has been concentrating on taking the pace off the ball and Murali Kartik is focusing on arm-balls;
10.5;1;Pathan to Ponting, 1 run another slow off cutter, 119 k, spins away after landing on a length around middle and off, Ponting leans forward to push it wide of extra cover;
10.4;1;Pathan to Symonds, 1 run back to the off cutter, on the middle and driven to long-on for a single;
10.3;1;Pathan to Ponting, 1 run 138.2, full length delivery, outside off stump, driven to long-off for a single;
10.2;1;Pathan to Symonds, 1 run 120.01 kmph, another slow off cutter, full and on the midde, driven uppishly to long-on;
10.1;1;Pathan to Ponting, 1 run slow off cutter, outside off stump, driven to sweeper cover;
9.6;2;Kartik to Symonds, 2 runs dealing largely in arm-balls. Another one on the middle, a tad quick and Symonds gets his bat in front of the pad and works it behind square leg;
9.5;2;Kartik to Symonds, 2 runs slower and fuller, outside leg stump, Symonds eases it to wide long-on region;
9.4;?;Kartik to Symonds, no run quicker, shorter as he sees Symonds threatening to come out and pushed to the off side;
9.3;1;Kartik to Ponting, 1 run slower in the air, again comes on straight with the arm, Ponting waits on the ball before turning it past midwicket;
9.2;1;Kartik to Symonds, 1 run worked past midwicket for another single;
9.1;1;Kartik to Ponting, 1 run Repeats the delivery he bowled last. An arm-ball. Ponting plays it carefully into the gap at cover point for a single;
8.6;1;Harbhajan to Ponting, 1 run full, just short of the blockhole and Ponting picks up a single with a drive to long-on.;
8.5;1;Harbhajan to Symonds, 1 run flights full and on the leg and middle stump line, Symonds takes it on the full and turns it quietly to long leg.;
8.4;1;Harbhajan to Ponting, 1 run on the off and middle, full and Ponting drives to long-on for another single.;
8.3;1;Harbhajan to Symonds, 1 run comes out this time, to the pitch of a flighted delivery and drives to long-off;
8.2;?;Harbhajan to Symonds, no run threatens to come out and Harbhajan drags back the length and Symonds taps it to the on side;
8.1;1;Harbhajan to Ponting, 1 run goes back to work it with the turn to square leg for a single;
7.6;1;Kartik to Ponting, 1 run arm-ball and Ponting is beaten. It came in with the arm, on the middle and off line, Ponting tries to play a late-cut and gets a inside edge to the on side.;
7.5;4;Kartik to Ponting, FOUR runs slipping to the leg side and Ponting plays a cute paddle shot to the fine-leg boundary. The dancers are up doing their job.;
7.4;1;Kartik to Symonds, 1 run leans forward to place the ball to cover point;
7.3;1;Kartik to Ponting, 1 run gets off the strike with a drive to long on;
7.2;1;Kartik to Symonds, 1 run beaten in the flight. Landed on a length, around the middle stump and spun away, Symonds leans forward, is beaten in the flight before nudging it to cover point;
7.1;1;Kartik to Ponting, 1 run flighted from round the stumps, on the off and middle, driven to long-off;
6.6;W;Harbhajan to Hayden, OUT dragged on! The chinese cut goes awry. Full and outside off stump, Hayden tries to thrash it through cover but the bat comes outside the line and he gets a fatal inside edge. Hard luck.;Matthew Hayden b Harbhajan Singh 17 (34m 19b 1x4 2x6) SR: 89.47;
6.5;?;Harbhajan to Hayden, no run fuller, almost on the yorker length, on the off and middle, jabbed away to cover;
6.4;1;Harbhajan to Ponting, 1 run full and on the middle stump line, turning in, driven to long-on for a single;
6.3;?;Harbhajan to Ponting, no run on the middle and off, top edges a paddle sweep to short fine leg region;
6.2;1;Harbhajan to Hayden, 1 run ah! tries to reverse sweep before he changes his mind. Rather Harbhajan makes him change tack by floating it outside leg stump and Hayden nudges it behind square leg;
6.1;?;Harbhajan to Hayden, no run flighted delivery outside off stump, Hayden leans forward to guide it to backward point;
5.6;4;Pathan to Ponting, FOUR runs Another one. The fourth of the over. Australia are off to a blazing start. Ponting charges out, Pathan hurls it wider outside off but Ponting adjusts by lunging across to scoop it over cover. Few bounces and over the ropes. What a ballistic start to the game.;
5.5;?;Pathan to Ponting, no run;
5.4;4;Pathan to Ponting, FOUR runs Third one of the over. Runs are coming in a flood here. Full pitched, outside off stump and Ponting plays a lovely off drive to the right of mid-off;
5.3;?;Pathan to Ponting, no run slow off cutter, on the middle and off stump line, driven to midwicket;
5.2;4;Pathan to Ponting, FOUR runs edged to third man boundary. Full and outside off, Ponting drives and gets a thick outside edge to the third man boundary;
5.1;4;Pathan to Ponting, FOUR runs short in length outside off stump and Ponting rocks back to square cut it past backward point. RP Singh gets across from the wide third man position and throws in a dive but is slow in doing so;
4.6;?;Singh to Hayden, no run yorker on the middle line, Hayden jabs at it and gets a inside edge on to the front boot and the ball rolls away to the off side.;
4.5;6;Singh to Hayden, SIX runs Hayden goes downtown. Full pitched, on the off and middle and Hayden leans forward to smoke it over the long-off boundary. Clean hit.;
4.4;?;Singh to Hayden, no run fullish, just short of the yorker length, on the middle stump line and Hayden drives straight back at RP who makes a half-stop and the ball rolls to hit the sticks at the non-striker's end;
4.3;1;Singh to Ponting, 1 run another sharp bouncer and it curved in, cramping Ponting who adjusts by arching back and taking the bottom-hand off the handle before steering it to third man;
4.2;?;Singh to Ponting, no run on a length, around off stump, pushed to point;
4.1;?;Singh to Ponting, no run Full and outside off, Ponting is beaten, trying to go for an expansive cover drive;
3.6;?;Sreesanth to Hayden, no run length delivery, just outside off stump, punched to the off side;
3.5;6;Sreesanth to Hayden, SIX runs Massive. Banged in short and Hayden pulls off the front foot over long-leg boundary. It flew deep into the stands. He had got on to the front foot - you could see why Sreesanth bowled the short one - but was quick to swivel around to cream it.;
3.4;?;Sreesanth to Hayden, no run well outside off stump, on a length, Hayden again tries to hit on the up and straight and since the ball was slightly wider, he ended up mistiming it to mid-off. He would be better off creaming it through the off side.;
3.3;?;Sreesanth to Hayden, no run that imperious Haydos walk down the track. And he had a heave across the line to a length delivery but can't connect;
3.2;4;Sreesanth to Hayden, FOUR runs Creamed through wide mid-off. Full in length, outside off and Hayden thrashes it to right of mid-off;
3.1;?;Sreesanth to Hayden, no run The bat broke! Short in length, outside off stump, Hayden tries to pull it off the front foot, rather flat-bat it straight, and the ball crashes into the bottom half of the bat and there is a chip of the bat flying to the off side. Broke bat mountain. Err... sorry couldn't resist it.;
2.6;4;Singh to Ponting, FOUR runs A sharp bouncer and Ponting is surprised, is late on the pull and top edges it to long leg boundary.;
2.5;4;Singh to Ponting, FOUR runs Classy shot on the up. Short of length delivery on the off stump, Ponting leans forward and knives it on the up over mid-on. Fab strike.;
2.4;?;Singh to Ponting, no run another length delivery, angling away from Ponting who lunges forward, as his wont, and pushes it to cover. Robin fires in a direct hit at the striker's end but Ponting is inside the crease.;
2.3;?;Singh to Ponting, no run better, on a length, around the off stump and Ponting comes forward to push it towards mid-on.;
2.2;?;Singh to Ponting, no run closer to the off and driven to mid-off;
2.1;4;Singh to Ponting, FOUR runs edged to third man boundary. Really wide outside off stump, Ponting stretched across and went for a square drive and got a bottom edge wide of the slip fielder. It would have been called a wide had he left it.;
1.6;?;Sreesanth to Hayden, no run again outside off stump, full in length, Hayden tries to drive but the ball was getting away from him and his bat-handle rotates and he ends up mistiming it to right of Sreesanth. End of a tight over from Sreesanth.;
1.5;?;Sreesanth to Hayden, no run again well outside off, Hayden shoulders arms and looks at the umpire with hope. Nope, its not a wide. Just on the border line.;
1.5;1w;Sreesanth to Hayden, 1 wide One way of not allowing him to impose himself is to bowl a wide. Way outside off, first bad delivery of the over;
1.4;?;Sreesanth to Hayden, no run back to the corridor outside off stump, moving away with the angle and Hayden allows Dhoni come into play. Four dot balls so far. Will Hayden impose himself now?;
1.3;?;Sreesanth to Hayden, no run on the stumps, shaping in after landing on a length around middle and off line, Hayden drives on the up but the inward movement the ball went off the inner half of the bat towards square leg.;
1.2;?;Sreesanth to Hayden, no run fuller, closer to the off stump and Hayden gets on to the front foot to drive to mid-off.;
1.1;?;Sreesanth to Hayden, no run beaten. Some posthumous swing there. The length delivery outside off stump and Hayden stabs inside the line and the ball swings after it passes the stumps. Hence posthumous.;
0.6;?;Singh to Ponting, no run beaten. In the zone outside off stump, off a length, Ponting has a lazy push at it but inside the line and the ball teases the outside edge.;
0.5;W;Singh to Gilchrist, OUT Two fours and then he is cleaned up. The middle stump has gone for a walk. A screaming yorker, on the middle stump line and Gilchrist plays all around it. RP is pumped up and Gilchrist walks back to the hutch. Frenetic start to this Twenty20 showdown.;Adam Gilchrist b Singh 12 (3m 5b 3x4 0x6) SR: 240;
0.4;4;Singh to Gilchrist, FOUR runs Ah! and where does this one go. To the fine leg boundary. Short in length, on the middle and leg and Gilly swivels off the front foot to pull it past the short fine-leg fielder. What a start;
0.3;4;Singh to Gilchrist, FOUR runs The white ball has begun to fly already. Again room outside off and Gilchrist throws the kitchen sink at it. A feisty slash and the ball flies over point. The fine leg comes up inside the circle and there is a deep point;
0.2;4;Singh to Gilchrist, FOUR runs Streaky edge between the 'keeper and slip! Full in length and well outside off stump, Gilchrist frees his arms and has a slash and the ball races between Dhoni and Sehwag who is standing slightly wide;
0.1;?;Singh to Gilchrist, no run Full, outside off and Gilchrist drives - times it sweetly- and Rohit Sharma dives to his left at cover to make a fine stop. The crowd roar their approval;

Toss: Australia have won the toss and will bat.
Ponting: "The wicket looks very dry underneath. That indicates it will slow down as the game goes on. I don't think it will swing much today. Our bowlers were not swinging it in the warm-up. Hopefully both teams will provide good entertainment to the crowd."
Dhoni: "its a very different format. You have to keep thinking throughout the game. you have to keep up with the pace. We will try to restrict them to a decent total. I am backing the bowlers. "
Joginder Sharma, the man who bowled the last over in the Twenty20 final, misses out and Yousuf Pathan, who replaced the injured Sehwag in the that final, too is not playing. So Murali Kartik and Sehwag are back today.
Australia: ML Hayden, AC Gilchrist, RT Ponting, A Symonds, MJ Clarke, BJ Hodge, BJ Haddin, B Lee, BW Hilfenhaus, NW Bracken, SR Clark.
Anand Vasu, our man at the ground, sends us this: "Music blaring down the loudspeakers and dancers at it in the four corners of the ground. The volume is really loud, ear-splitting, even.
Surprisingly it's far from a full house as one whole stand is about 50% full. That's the one where each ticket costs Rs 10000."
The lights are quite low out here at the stadium. As Barry Richards says, "We have four suns out here, hanging low!." The dew factor too might kick in. All in all, an interesting night ahead of us.
All set. Gilchrist is taking guard. RP Singh to bowl first. Here we go.
 Innings Start
Sehwag comes out, along with Uthappa and Karthik, to shake hands with Dhoni and Yuvraj, Now... the entire team troops out. Players from both sides shake hands.
HRG: "India, Australia and South Africa have won six Twenty20 games . Only Pakistan have won more: 8. Australia have lost six games and the other team to lose more is England with 8 defeats."
Ponting: "We didn't probably get enough runs on the board. Their spinners bowled well. They did a good job in the middle of the innings. We enjoyed our tour, to win a series here was really nice. I thought Mitchell Johnson was terrific. Michael Clarke and Andrew Symonds too were terrific."
Harbhajan wins Rs 100,000 for being the most economical bowler.
Yuvraj Singh wins Rs 100,000 for being the best fielder and collects another lakh for hitting most number of the sixes.
Man of the Match: Its Gautham Gambhir and he wins a car.
Dhoni: "We wanted to enjoy the game. The bench mark was to be intense on the fied. We bowled superbly, in the consistent areas and the batsmen did the job. Gambhir played excellently and I think he has sealed a berth to the upcoming Pakistan series. "
The Indian players get on top of the car. Harbhajan is sitting on the bonnet while Dinesh Kartik, Uthappa, Yuvraj Singh and Rohit Sharma sit on the top. The others lean on the car and pose for the pictures. India have ended the series on a Twenty20 high.
This is Sriram Veera, signing off. Thanks for logging on. Alvida!
18.1;6;Lee to Dhoni, SIX runs A stunning pull for a six over long leg. Game over. Lee banged it in short, on the middle stump line and Dhoni unfurled a feisty pull over the ropes. India have ended the series on a Twenty20 high.;
17.6;1;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, 1 run yorker on the middle and leg, jabbed away to the on side for a single.;
17.5;1lb;Hilfenhaus to Yuvraj, 1 leg bye fuller, just outside leg stump, Yuvraj misses his drive and the ball rolls off the pad to third man region;
17.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Yuvraj, no run moves outside leg stump, its a length delivery curving in on the leg stump line, pulled to Ponting at midwicket;
17.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Yuvraj, no run yorker outside off and Yuvraj tries to dab it through the slip region but makes no contact;
17.2;1;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, 1 run drifting to the pads and turned to fine leg for a single. India need just 8 more.;
17.1;1lb;Hilfenhaus to Yuvraj, 1 leg bye slower off cutter, turning in from leg stump line, Yuvraj waits on the ball before turning it to short fine leg region;
16.6;1;Clark to Yuvraj, 1 run again he backs away, its a yorker on the middle and Yuvraj mistimes a drive to long-on and will retain the strike.;
16.5;?;Clark to Yuvraj, no run he is some hurry to finish things off. He moves outside leg stump and Clarke follows him with a fuller one, pushed back down the track;
16.4;6;Clark to Yuvraj, SIX runs Another pull, another six, this time over long leg. On the middle and leg and Yuvraj sent it soaring over the ropes where a ball boy clangs it.;
16.3;6;Clark to Yuvraj, SIX runs Six over fine leg. Banged in short, on the middle and leg and Yuvraj swivels off the front foot to pull it over the ropes. The equation swings towards India;
16.2;1;Clark to Dhoni, 1 run fullish, on the middle and leg line, Dhoni lunges forward and push-drives it towards long-on for a single;
16.1;?;Clark to Dhoni, no run length delivery, homing in on the off stump, Dhoni eases it to cover .;
15.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Yuvraj, no run on the middle stump line, curving in with the usual Hilfenhaus angle and tucked to the leg side;
15.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Yuvraj, no run another bouncer and it sails over Yuvraj who asks the umpire whether it was a wide. Nope.;
15.4;W;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, OUT Gambhir falls after a very valuable knock. Banged in short, on the middle stump line, Gambhir skied a pull shot towards mid-on where it was safely held. Good innings though. He paced it pretty well.;Gautam Gambhir c Ponting b Hilfenhaus 63 (74m 52b 6x4 1x6) SR: 121.15;
15.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run another low full toss, on the middle stump line, swatted to midwicket;
15.2;1;Hilfenhaus to Yuvraj, 1 run yorker ends up a low full toss, on the middle and leg, flicked away to deep square leg;
15.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Yuvraj, no run on the middle and leg line, full in length, clipped to midwicket;
14.6;?;Clark to Gambhir, no run on the middle line, Gambhir tries to tuck it to the on side and gets a leading edge down the track;
14.5;1;Clark to Yuvraj, 1 run backs away to the leg side, Clarke fires it in, just short of the blockhole, on the leg and middle stump line and Yuvraj drills it to long-off;
14.4;1;Clark to Gambhir, 1 run fuller, on the middle and leg, flicked away behind square leg for a single;
14.4;1w;Clark to Gambhir, 1 wide wide down the leg side. Clarke's woes continue.;
14.3;?;Clark to Gambhir, no run yorker on the off stump line, Gambhir jabs it to cover;
14.2;1;Clark to Yuvraj, 1 run banged in short, at the body, on the middle and leg, pulled away to left of fine leg for a single;
14.1;4lb;Clark to Yuvraj, 4 leg byes full in length, slipping down leg, Yuvraj waits on the ball before clipping it to fine-leg boundary. Bad delivery that.;
13.6;1;Bracken to Yuvraj, 1 run short in length, rising, at the body, Yuvraj is hurried on the pull shot and gets a single as the ball rolls away to the leg side;
13.5;5;Bracken to Gambhir, 5 runs manages to get his placement right this time; dabs towards backward point and sets off for a quick run. The throw from Clarke breaks the sticks at the non-striker's end and runs away to the boundary. Tough luck.;
13.4;?;Bracken to Gambhir, no run cuts in from the good length, on the middle stump line, Gambhir tries to open the bat-face and push it to the off side for a single but sends it straight down the track and Bracken rushes across to prevent the possibility of a single.;
13.3;?;Bracken to Gambhir, no run off cutter, on the middle and off line, Gambhir leans forward to tap it gently on the off side.;
13.3;1w;Bracken to Gambhir, 1 wide slower one, down the leg side, Gambhir tries to glance and misses;
13.2;4;Bracken to Gambhir, FOUR runs Gambhir is standing outside the crease and plays a lovely crispy cut shot. It was a tad short in length, just outside off stump, not much room but Gambhir cuts it through backward point. Good piece of timing and well placed.;
13.1;?;Bracken to Gambhir, no run full in length, on the off stump line, Gambhir pushes it cautiously down the track.;
12.6;?;Clarke to Yuvraj, no run tries to repeat that slog-sweep but is struck on the pad. Clarke had slowed up the pace this time and Yuvraj was early into the sweep.;
12.5;1;Clarke to Gambhir, 1 run leans forward to drive to long-on;
12.4;2;Clarke to Gambhir, 2 runs two more as Gambhir goes on the back foot to cut it late through backward point;
12.3;1;Clarke to Yuvraj, 1 run and now picks up a single with a nudge to the on side. The runs keep coming;
12.2;6;Clarke to Yuvraj, SIX runs What a fab piece of timing. It was floated full and outside off stump, Yuvraj went down on his knee to slog-sweep it over deep midwicket boundary.;
12.1;1;Clarke to Gambhir, 1 run brings up his fifty with a dab to square leg. He is really playing well tonight;
12.1;1w;Clarke to Gambhir, 1 wide tries to play it to the on side and is beaten;
11.6;1;Symonds to Gambhir, 1 run again a touch short in length, outside off stump, cut to sweeper cover;
11.5;1;Symonds to Yuvraj, 1 run slightly short in length, cut away to deep point;
11.4;?;Symonds to Yuvraj, no run arm-ball, quickish, coming in towards middle stump, jabbed away to cover;
11.3;1;Symonds to Gambhir, 1 run floated outside off stump, punched to deep cover;
11.2;1;Symonds to Yuvraj, 1 run places a ball to backward point for a quick single. Symonds doesn't collect the throw cleanly and it rolls away to long on but there is no overthrow;
11.1;4;Symonds to Yuvraj, FOUR runs long hop and Yuvraj puts it away with ease. He leans back to pull it to deep midwicket boundary;
10.6;?;Clarke to Gambhir, no run from over the wicket, short in length, slow through the air, just outside off stump, chopped to short third man;
10.5;1;Clarke to Yuvraj, 1 run on the middle stump line, spinning in slightly, tickled behind square leg for a single;
10.4;?;Clarke to Yuvraj, no run lands outside off stump and goes away with the arm. Yuvraj Singh tries to slice it away and is beaten;
10.3;W;Clarke to Uthappa, OUT And Clarke strikes. Similar delivery, turning past the off stump, Uthappa tries to play a cute late cut and the ball runs off the face of the bat and into Gilchrist's gloves.;Robin Uthappa c ?Gilchrist b Clarke 35 (38m 26b 6x4 0x6) SR: 134.61;
10.2;?;Clarke to Uthappa, no run landed on a length, around the off stump and spun past the hesitant prod;
10.1;1;Clarke to Gambhir, 1 run from round the stumps, full and on the leg side, turned to long leg for a single;
9.6;4;Symonds to Uthappa, FOUR runs slipping down leg side, short in length and Uthappa laps it around the corner to fine leg boundary;
9.5;1;Symonds to Gambhir, 1 run floated on the off stump line, punched to Hayden at sweeper cover;
9.4;1;Symonds to Uthappa, 1 run flighted, on the middle and leg, swung across to long leg;
9.3;4;Symonds to Uthappa, FOUR runs Reverse sweep is being unfurled. It was full and on the leg stump line, Uthappa reverse sweeps it past backward point.;
9.2;1;Symonds to Gambhir, 1 run from round the stumps, full and straight, driven to long-on for a easy single;
9.1;1;Symonds to Uthappa, 1 run floated on the middle and leg, spinning down leg, tickled to right of short fine leg;
8.6;1;Clark to Uthappa, 1 run yorker on the off and middle line, jabbed away and again they take a quick run. One look at each other and they are off.;
8.5;1;Clark to Gambhir, 1 run tip and run. Length delivery on the off and middle, tapped close on the off side and they charge across;
8.5;5w;Clark to Gambhir, 5 wide full and swinging but its way down the leg side and neither Gambhir nor a diving Gilchrist can't reach it. The camera pans to Ponting who doesn't look too chuffed.;
8.4;?;Clark to Gambhir, no run charges out this time but misses an intended hoick across the line and Gilly gathers;
8.3;?;Clark to Gambhir, no run sharp bouncer, over the middle and leg, Gambhir shuffles across as he tries to pull but is beaten for pace and by the extra bounce;
8.2;1;Clark to Uthappa, 1 run short in length again, just outside off stump, Uthappa goes back and taps it close on the off side and they get across in a flash for a quick single. These two are running quite well;
8.1;1;Clark to Gambhir, 1 run short in length, lands on the leg stump line and holds its line, Gambhir is struck on the pad as he jabs at it. Gilchrist appeals but he is the lone man shouting. It was going over.;
7.6;1;Symonds to Gambhir, 1 run quicker, on the middle and off, pushed to cover point;
7.5;1;Symonds to Uthappa, 1 run comes down the track to heave a flighted delivery to deep midwicket;
7.4;?;Symonds to Uthappa, no run short in length, spinning in from the middle, Uthappa tries to lap it around the corner but misses and is struk on the pad;
7.3;1;Symonds to Gambhir, 1 run;
7.2;2;Symonds to Gambhir, 2 runs flighted from round the stumps, outside off stump, Gambhir comes down the track and drives inside-out to wide long-on where Ben makes a sliding stop;
7.1;1;Symonds to Uthappa, 1 run short and spinning down leg side, pulled away to Lee at long leg. Uthappa might think he missed out on a four there;
6.6;?;Clark to Gambhir, no run slower, around 121 kmph, short in length, on the middle stump line, pushed to the off side and Clarke gets across to make the stop;
6.5;?;Clark to Gambhir, no run tries to do a 'Uthappa'. He walks down the track but hesitant steps unlike Uthappa's and pushes a length delivery which goes past the outside edge;
6.4;?;Clark to Gambhir, no run fuller in length this time, around the off stump, Gambhir tries to cut it late and gets a bottom edge on to the ground and it bounces to Gilchrist;
6.3;4;Clark to Gambhir, FOUR runs another short one, at the body, Gambir short-arm pulls it away, fast and past the diving long leg fielder;
6.2;1;Clark to Uthappa, 1 run hits the deck short of length, bounces almost chest-high and Uthappa hops up to get on top of the bounce and clips it behind square leg for a single;
6.1;1;Clark to Gambhir, 1 run on the pads, tucked past square leg;
5.6;1;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, 1 run leans forward to drive to mid-off and will retain the strike;
5.5;6;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, SIX runs fires in a bouncer, climbing head-high and Gambhir pulls it away, in the air, to Haddin, standing near the ropes, at long leg. Haddin backpedals to take the 'catch' but realises he is going to go over the ropes and drops it in front of him as he steps over the boundary.. Hmm.. the third umpire thinks he has touched the ropes while he was still in possession.;
5.5;2nb;Hilfenhaus to Uthappa, (no ball) 1 run another no ball,. another free hit coming up. full and on the off stump line, driven to wide mid-on for a single;
5.4;4;Hilfenhaus to Uthappa, FOUR runs that Uthappa walk again. Walk and whack. He reaches the pitch of a length delivery on the middle and swings it imperiously over midwicket;
5.3;1;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, 1 run back to short of length, again shaping in to Gambhir who clips it to square leg .India off to a flier here;
5.2;4;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, FOUR runs fullish, curving in, on the middle and leg and Gambhir plonks his front out forward before swinging the ball away past square leg.;
5.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run full and outside off stump, mistimes a drive to cover;
4.6;1;Lee to Gambhir, 1 run bangs it in short, comes in at the body, Gambhir hops up, takes the bottom-hand off the handle and fends it to short fine leg;
4.5;1;Lee to Uthappa, 1 run short in length, on the off and middle again, pushed to extra cover for a single;
4.4;?;Lee to Uthappa, no run short of length, outside off stump, punched to point;
4.3;4;Lee to Uthappa, FOUR runs Robin makes use of the free hit. He walks down in his unique way and carves a length delivery outside off through extra cover. 18 runs so far in this over.;
4.3;5nb;Lee to Uthappa, (no ball) FOUR runs no-ball and a four. Huge front-foot no ball, short and at the rib-cage, Robin shuffles in to clip it to fine-leg boundary.;
4.2;5;Lee to Gambhir, 5 runs short in length, around off stump, pushed towards backward point and Clarke swoops and has a shy at the non-striker's end, misses and gives away four overthrows;
4.1;4;Lee to Gambhir, FOUR runs short and rising, on the leg side, Gambhir goes for a glance and it keeps climbing and evades a diving Gilly;
3.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Uthappa, no run And again. Quite an impressive start from Ben. He is getting it to curve it away from the right-hand batsman;
3.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Uthappa, no run beaten Again he gets it to swing away, Full and outside off stump, Robin is sucked into a forward prod;
3.4;1lb;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, 1 leg bye appeal for lbw. Short in length, curving in to cramp up Gambhir who stabs at it. The ball evades the prod and crashes into the back thigh in front of leg stump.;
3.3;1;Hilfenhaus to Uthappa, 1 run nice shape away. Full and on the off and middle line, shaping away, Robin plays it carefully to cover point;
3.2;4;Hilfenhaus to Uthappa, FOUR runs fuller, straight and Robin leans forward to play a neat pick up stroke over midwicket. Wristy stroke.;
3.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Uthappa, no run bangs it short and it climbs up over the stumps, Robin goes for a pull shot but can't connect;
3.1;2nb;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, (no ball) 1 run He is caught at cover but hold on its a no-ball! Full in length, slanting away from Gambhir who tries to drive over the infield and ends up slicing it high to extra cover where its caught but ...;
2.6;?;Lee to Uthappa, no run another bouncer, outside off stump and this time Robin has no problem in swaying away. The previous one had darted at him and hence the trouble;
2.5;1;Lee to Gambhir, 1 run short in length, on the off stump line, defended on the front foot to cover point;
2.4;1;Lee to Uthappa, 1 run Cracking bouncer and ouch. Robin takes his eyes off and tries to duck under. The ball crashes into the left glove and pops up but falls short of the slip. That was a pacy bouncery;
2.3;?;Lee to Uthappa, no run short of length, around the off stump, Robin pushes it to point;
2.2;W;Lee to Sehwag, OUT Lee gets his revenge. It landed on a length, outside off stump and shaped away, Sehwag, struck adhesively to the crease, flashed at it, bat away from the body ,and nicks it behind. Lee strikes.;Virender Sehwag c ?Gilchrist b Lee 5 (12m 4b 1x4 0x6) SR: 125;
2.1;4;Lee to Sehwag, FOUR runs yorker on the middle and off line and hello?! it was a mere push from Sehwag. I thought it would roll to left of mid-on but instead, it keeps going and runs away to the long-on boundary.;
1.6;?;Bracken to Gambhir, no run short in length, angling in towards middle stump and Gambhir goes back to push it to the off side;
1.5;4;Bracken to Gambhir, FOUR runs Smoked over mid-off. Full in length, just outside off stump, no swing and Gambhir knifed through the line.;
1.4;?;Bracken to Gambhir, no run on a length, around middle and off stump line, coming in, Gambhir leans forward to defend;
1.3;?;Bracken to Gambhir, no run fuller, straighter, on the stumps, Gambhir is caught at the crease, lunges forward to play it across the line and gets a leading edge to backward point;
1.2;4lb;Bracken to Gambhir, 4 leg byes slipping to the pads, Gambhir tries to glance, misses and it runs off the pad;
1.1;4;Bracken to Gambhir, FOUR runs Charges out to a length delivery on the off stump line and slices it over cover point. Lee gets across from wide third man and almost had it covered with a dive but can't stop it cleanly and it rolls over the ropes;
0.6;1lb;Lee to Gambhir, 1 leg bye hits the deck short of length, on the middle stump line, holds its line, Gambhir hops up and is struck on the thigh pad and the ball drops in front of him. Both rush across for a quick single and Lee rushes after the ball, picks up, swivels around and fires in a direct hit at non-striker's end but Gambhir is home.;
0.5;1;Lee to Sehwag, 1 run outside edge flies to left of third man. Fullish, shaping away, outside off and Sehwag has his customary flash at it.;
0.4;?;Lee to Sehwag, no run short in length, zipping past the off stump, Sehwag has a tentative poke and a miss. He withdrew his bat at the last minute. Well.. tried to as the ball flew past the outside edge.;
0.3;1;Lee to Gambhir, 1 run fuller, curving in, trying to trap him lbw but Gambhir puts bat to ball and manages to squeeze it to wide mid-on;
0.2;?;Lee to Gambhir, no run short in length, angling away from Gambhir who has a poke and a miss. He wanted to run it away to third man but was beaten by the extra bounce;
0.2;1w;Lee to Gambhir, 1 wide India are up and away, courtesy a leg-side wide.;
0.1;?;Lee to Gambhir, no run One slip in. Gambhir is beaten rightaway. Full in length, just outside the off stump and holding its line, Gambhir went for an expansive drive on the up but doesn't make contact;

Now you can read Cricinfo's commentary anywhere in the world on your mobile phone for free. Click here to download Cricinfo MobiCast and follow every ball even when you are on the move.
 Innings Start
Australia
India
Only T20I (N), Mumbai (BS), Oct 20 2007, Australia tour of India
166/5
167/3
Player of the match is Gautam Gambhir, INDIA
India won by 7 wickets (with 11 balls remaining)
