Data
A masterclass from Ricky Ponting, his 30th one-day hundred, allowed Australia to recover from a wobbly 150 for 4 to post 260 on a pitch where the ball is taking sharp turn and stopping on the batsmen. Not for the first time this World Cup, Yuvraj Singh was India's best bowler. There has not been much movement for the seamers. It will be interesting to see if the Australian fast bowlers get some under lights. Join us for the chase in half an hour.
49.6;2;Harbhajan to Hussey, 2 runs low full toss, David swats it over midwicket, by the time Raina gets around to it at wide long on, they have another couple to end on 260;
49.5;1;Harbhajan to Johnson, 1 run was waiting for the reverse hit way for ages, but could not get the full toss past short third man;
49.4;2;Harbhajan to Johnson, 2 runs gets it through midwicket, Yuvraj lost it in the setting sun, was late to get to the ball, gives them time to pick up two;
49.3;?;Harbhajan to Johnson, no run Harbhajan in the blockhole, even Mitch cannot tee off from those lengths;
49.2;2;Harbhajan to Johnson, 2 runs Johnson launches into the backfoot swat, but Ashwin at long on dives to his right and prevents the boundary, super stuff;
49.1;1;Harbhajan to Hussey, 1 run much better now, in the blockhole, he squeezes it out over the bowler;
49.1;5w;Harbhajan to Hussey, 5 wide sees him come down the track, fires it in on leg stump, but it ends up far wide down the leg side, Dhoni had no chance;
48.6;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run very full, cramps him up as he tries to make room, dug out down the ground, end of Ashwin's spell, he has not done badly at all, at all;
48.5;1;Ashwin to Johnson, 1 run and again, stops and bowls, swatted through midwicket, Johnson cannot launch in to those monster hits;
48.4;?;Ashwin to Johnson, no run stops in the delivery stride, bowls it slowly through the air, he pushes on the off side;
48.3;W;Ashwin to Ponting, OUT Ponting lines up for the reverse hit, a rarity, but ends up hitting it straight to Zaheer at short third man, end of a magnificent innings from the Australia captain, raises his bat as he walks back;Ricky Ponting c Khan b Ashwin 104 (172m 118b 7x4 1x6) SR: 88.13;
48.2;2;Ashwin to Ponting, 2 runs goes for the big sweep, gets it off the inner edge backward of square leg;
48.1;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run charges down the track, it is slower through the air, looks to go over midwicket, the ball rolls away back towards the bowler;
45.6;1;Khan to Hussey, 1 run one more low full toss to end with, pushed back down the track, Zaheer falls to his left, but cannot stop it;
45.5;1;Khan to Ponting, 1 run Zaheer has been full and on leg this over, once more, this time he misses out, flicking straight to square leg;
45.4;2;Khan to Ponting, 2 runs another low full toss on the leg stump, Ponting eases it through midwicket, that would have run in to the boundary, had Kohli not got a hand to it, running to his right;
45.3;1;Khan to Hussey, 1 run almost in the blockhole, Zaheer on target in this over, dug away to long on;
45.2;1;Khan to Ponting, 1 run full again on the leg stump,this is the Ponting on old, flicks it elegantly off the pads through midwicket;
45.1;1;Khan to Hussey, 1 run low full toss on the leg stump, he was not expecting it, adjusted to get a single down to long on;
44.6;1;Harbhajan to Hussey, 1 run turning down the leg side, pulled away to deep square leg;
44.5;1;Harbhajan to Ponting, 1 run sweeps this one backward of square leg;
44.4;2;Harbhajan to Ponting, 2 runs whips one wide of long on, and David comes back for the second, good running;
44.4;1w;Harbhajan to Ponting, 1 wide turns down the leg side, Ponting misses on the shot;
44.3;?;Harbhajan to Ponting, no run good response from the bowler, fires one in on the stumps, Ponting looks to whip it away, misses, that was taking out the stumps, the umpire thought it wasnt. India have no reviews left;
44.2;4;Harbhajan to Ponting, FOUR runs Ponting is oozing with confidence now, stands two feet outside leg to someone who has got him on numerous occasions, he tosses it up, and Ponting launches it through wide of long off;
44.1;1;Harbhajan to Hussey, 1 run gets across and shuffles to work this one away through square leg;
47.6;2;Khan to Hussey, 2 runs not quite in the blockhole, but full enough to stop the batsman from getting under it, worked away towards deep midwicket, and India leak the second run again;
47.5;1;Khan to Ponting, 1 run comes down the track, cannot get hold of a short delivery, but still manages to get it down to fine leg;
47.4;1;Khan to Hussey, 1 run another one in the blockhole, super control from Zaheer, squeezed away to long on;
47.3;?;Khan to Hussey, no run right in the blockhole from Zaheer, cannot do much with those, dug out to the bowler;
47.2;1;Khan to Ponting, 1 run 131 kph, stops a bit on the batsman from a length, who adjusts to guide it to point;
47.1;1;Khan to Hussey, 1 run slogged away through midwicket, not short enough and he gets only a single;
46.6;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run the straighter one, but starting on leg stump, worked away down the ground;
46.5;1;Ashwin to Ponting, 1 run Ricky Ponting has stood up in style to the big occasion, swats away one on leg stump for the single, raises his bat to all-round applause;
46.4;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run now he works away a single to bring Ricky on strike;
46.3;6;Ashwin to Hussey, SIX runs drags it down as he sees him advancing, but Hussey adjusts, reaches out to lift it over wide long on;
46.2;1;Ashwin to Ponting, 1 run tosses this one up slowly, Ponting comes forward and turns it on the leg side, on to 99;
46.1;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run stops in the delivery stride, bowls a length ball that turns in on leg, whipped down to long on;
43.6;1;Khan to Hussey, 1 run gets an inside edge towards square leg as he looks to force one away, Australia have got what they wanted in this over;
43.5;4;Khan to Hussey, FOUR runs whoops, gets it full and down the leg side, David happily puts it past short fine leg;
43.4;4;Khan to Hussey, FOUR runs lovely placement by David, makes room to a short and wide one, cuts it through point, and sweeper cover had no chance, poor line and David punished it;
43.3;1;Khan to Ponting, 1 run goes for yet another full one, gets it a bit outside off this time, and that allows him to ease it down to long off;
43.2;?;Khan to Ponting, no run another full delivery, pins him in the crease, Ponting can't do anything with it other than dig it out;
43.1;?;Khan to Ponting, no run Ponting walks in to a very full delivery, takes it on the pads, Zaheer goes for the appeal, but he is not getting that one, India have no reviews, he was well down the track too;
42.6;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run turned to Raina at midwicket who dives and saves the single, how many times does he do that?;
42.5;1;Ashwin to Ponting, 1 run collects another single on the off side off another shortish one;
42.4;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run short and turning in, he backs away and cuts, but straight to Zaheer, who helps by letting the ball burst through his hands;
42.3;1;Ashwin to Ponting, 1 run straighter one, but a touch short, he goes back and turns it wide of midwicket;
42.2;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run digs out a very fuller one in the air, but way to the right of Ashwin;
42.1;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run shortish and turning in, whipped to midwicket;
41.6;?;Khan to Ponting, no run gets well forward to push to Raina at extra cover, David comes rushing for the single, Ponting sends him back;
41.5;1;Khan to Hussey, 1 run the one that cuts away from a length, he is again squared up, but this time manages to get it down to third man;
41.4;4;Khan to Hussey, FOUR runs 118.3 kph, slower one all gone wrong, full and down the leg side, David got across and helped it on its way past short fine leg;
41.3;?;Khan to Hussey, no run and is opened up first ball with a delivery that straightens around off stump, he had no clue about it, and pushed at it, only to get beaten;
41.2;W;Khan to White, OUT and the man has struck again, 127.6 kph length delivery that seemed to stop on him from round the stumps, he had a feeble push at it for Zaheer to take the dolly as it looped back to him, he throws it in the air and takes off on a run, White's horror run continues;Cameron White c & b Khan 12 (36m 22b 0x4 0x6) SR: 54.54;
41.1;1;Khan to Ponting, 1 run 120.4 kph fuller one on leg stump, eased down to long on;
40.6;1;Tendulkar to Ponting, 1 run turned towards Munaf at fine leg who saunters in, but they don't take the second;
40.5;?;Tendulkar to Ponting, no run in the blockhole, super delivery, dug out to the bowler;
40.4;?;Tendulkar to Ponting, no run strikes him on the pads, they go up in appeal, pitched outside leg;
40.3;2;Tendulkar to Ponting, 2 runs the Sachin long hop arrives, full toss outside off stump, Ponting lifted it over extra cover, it is pulled back near the ropes;
40.2;1;Tendulkar to White, 1 run touch short, and on leg stump, whipped away easily through square leg;
40.1;?;Tendulkar to White, no run tosses the leg break up around middle and off, it is pushed with the turn to extra cover;
39.6;?;Patel to Ponting, no run 133.1 kph, almost yorker length, dug out towards extra cover;
39.5;?;Patel to Ponting, no run tucks him up with a back of a length ball again around off stump, has him pushing out off the back foot;
39.4;?;Patel to Ponting, no run cramps him now with a length ball just around off stump, jabbed away off the back foot;
39.3;4;Patel to Ponting, FOUR runs Ponting swivels and dispatches a marginally short ball, on the leg stump, gets it backward of square leg;
39.2;1;Patel to White, 1 run takes a step towards the ball and shows the full face to pick a single to long on;
39.1;?;Patel to White, no run opens him up a tad with a one that straightens off a length on the stumps, off a thick edge towards point;
38.6;4;Yuvraj to Ponting, FOUR runs Yuvraj ends his spell with a boundary, this is deja vu for India, Ponting is looking ominous now, goes back to a bouncing delivery, and cut hard, enough on the thick edge to beat short third man easily;
38.5;?;Yuvraj to Ponting, no run some bounce for Yuvraj now from outside off, he manages to keep it down;
38.4;6;Yuvraj to Ponting, SIX runs Ricky Ponting shows how it is done, skips to the pitch of the ball, and lofts it with the turn over extra cover, all the way;
38.3;1;Yuvraj to White, 1 run looks to launch this one out of the ground, comes down the track, but in the form he is in, he is lucky to get it along the ground to long on;
38.2;?;Yuvraj to White, no run he continues to struggle with the sweep, gets it off the pads, on the bounce to slip;
38.1;?;Yuvraj to White, no run stretches forward to push at a widish delivery, silly point does well to stop it;
37.6;1;Ashwin to White, 1 run driven to long on now, singles available all around;
37.5;1;Ashwin to Ponting, 1 run played down the ground for a single;
37.4;1;Ashwin to White, 1 run pushed in to the leg side for a single this time;
37.3;?;Ashwin to White, no run umpire Erasmus was unmoved even as the entire stadium went up in appeal for the catch, White went for the sweep,seemed to get it off the glove for the ball to loop in the air to Dhoni on the leg side, India went for the review, and it shows that the ball came off the forearm;
37.2;?;Ashwin to White, no run pushed down the track to Ashwin who is some discomfort but fields it cleanly in the end;
37.1;?;Ashwin to White, no run White is all at sea, tries the sweep from miles outside off, this one does not turn much, and he is beaten;
36.6;?;Yuvraj to Ponting, no run comes down the track, gets to the pitch and creams the drive, but cannot get it past extra cover;
36.5;1;Yuvraj to White, 1 run goes for the paddle again, doesn't come off cleanly, gets it towards square leg;
36.4;?;Yuvraj to White, no run goes forward and pushes this one to silly point;
36.3;?;Yuvraj to White, no run tossed up outside off stump, he gets it off the inner half to Yuvraj;
36.2;1;Yuvraj to Ponting, 1 run spirits down the track, takes this one on the half volley, and eases it down to long off;
36.1;?;Yuvraj to Ponting, no run lunges forward to defend on the off side;
35.6;1;Kohli to Ponting, 1 run pushed out on the off side off the front foot;
35.5;1;Kohli to White, 1 run;
35.4;2;Kohli to White, 2 runs eased in to the gap through covers and wide of sweeper cover. who does well to dive to his right and save some runs;
35.3;?;Kohli to White, no run;
35.2;1;Kohli to Ponting, 1 run driven down the ground this time to long on;
35.1;1;Kohli to White, 1 run wobbles a bit in the air, goes full outside off stump, and is driven off the front foot to long off;
34.6;?;Harbhajan to Ponting, no run shuffles across and outside off stump, and punches it on the leg side;
34.5;?;Harbhajan to Ponting, no run played off the front foot on the leg side;
34.4;4;Harbhajan to Ponting, FOUR runs Harbhajan is not happy, Ponting went for the sweep to a flat and fast one, got it off the middle of the blade in front of square leg, but Yuvraj on the boundary barely moved to his left, even if he had, he didn't have any chance, it was struck so well, but the lack of any attempt riled Harbhajan;
34.3;?;Harbhajan to Ponting, no run played out on the leg side off the front foot;
34.2;1;Harbhajan to White, 1 run White goes for the cute paddle to a ball tossed up outside off stump, gets it in the air, almost carried to the diving man at short leg;
34.1;1;Harbhajan to Ponting, 1 run turning in, not short enough, but Ponting swivels and pulls it through square leg;
33.6;1;Khan to Ponting, 1 run goes too full and down the leg side now, is flicked away to fine leg;
33.5;?;Khan to Ponting, no run bangs this one in from round the stumps, he goes back to defend;
33.4;1;Khan to White, 1 run punched off the back foot into covers;
33.3;W;Khan to Hussey, OUT Zaheer does it again. It's again that mystery bare-knuckle slower ball. It's the latest invention from the Zaheer labs. Instead of getting fore-finger and middle-finger behind the seam, he gets the middle finger alone behind the ball and pushes it through with the knuckle of the fore-finger, which is to the right of the ball. Hence, there is a subtle change in pace, that the batsman can't read out of the hand unless he has binoculars. Hussey doesn't. The knuckle ends up pushing the ball in and also helps it move in after landing on the turf. Devon Smith got it the other day, and played all over it. Exactly how Mr. Cricket just did. 118 kph, flummoxes the batsman all ends up and castles him as he heaves the flick and misses. Zaheer spreads his arms on either side, breaks into a smile and trots along as his team-mates converge. Motera loves it.;Michael Hussey b Khan 3 (15m 9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
33.2;?;Khan to Hussey, no run nice nip from Zaheer, gets one to go away from Mike. He fishes for it from the crease, neither forward nor back, and nearly feathers it.;
33.1;1;Khan to Ponting, 1 run fullish ball outside off, angled in from wide of the crease, Ponting walks into the cover drive and gets a single;
32.6;?;Harbhajan to Hussey, no run lovely ball. Harbhajan draws Mike out of the crease with loop and sharp spin. Mike is a master, though he's beaten and his back foot came out as he looked to defend, he was alert to push it back into the crease before Dhoni could effect a stumping.;
32.5;?;Harbhajan to Hussey, no run finally he brings Mike forward and gets him to push it with the spin to the covers;
32.4;1;Harbhajan to Ponting, 1 run nice bowling, curls in from wide of the crease and breaks in sharply from outside off, but Ponting has the line covered as he nudges backward of square leg. Sehwag tumbles and saves.;
32.3;1;Harbhajan to Hussey, 1 run needs to flight the ball more. Mike plays back and whips easily against the spin to midwicket for one;
32.2;?;Harbhajan to Hussey, no run back of a length outside off, Mike works it with the spin to point;
32.1;1;Harbhajan to Ponting, 1 run flat offie breaks in from outside off, Ponting works it from the crease wide of mid on for a single;
31.6;1;Khan to Ponting, 1 run another slower ball, 120 kph, and Ponting clearly did not pick it. He was sucked into an early on-drive, and it looped away to land at the vacant mid on area.;
31.5;1;Khan to Hussey, 1 run the first hint of reverse. Zaheer gets one to tail in at 138 kph, and Mike inside-edges the on-drive to midwicket.;
31.4;?;Khan to Hussey, no run smart ball, back of a length and no room outside off, Mike looks to drop to the off side and gets a single, but Dhoni has an extra fielder in the circle to cut the single off;
31.3;1;Khan to Ponting, 1 run slides down into Ponting's pads and he glances backward of square for a single;
31.2;1;Khan to Hussey, 1 run Mike is away. Slow yorker at 118 kph outside off and Mike pushes it away into the covers, and in a muddle of fast-moving of feet gets across to the other end.;
31.1;1;Khan to Ponting, 1 run starts off round the wicket, full and angling in in search of reverse. Ponting lunges forward to play into the covers;
30.6;1;Yuvraj to Ponting, 1 run Ponting has 50. He's played within himself and found some form. Another inviting flighted ball on the stumps, Ponting eases it with the spin to deep cover for one more.;
30.5;?;Yuvraj to Ponting, no run tossed up on off stump, Ponting defends to the off side;
30.4;W;Yuvraj to Clarke, OUT uhoh, Clarke has played the worst shot of the day. India's best spinner in this World Cup has taken another wicket. Flighted ball on leg stump, Clarke looks to play an ugly slog-swipe, across the line and completely out of character, against the spin, and indeed the run of play. He got the front foot across, was inside the line and then top-edged the shot since it was very full. He was probably looking for the gap between long on and midwicket. Zaheer takes it in the outfield at midwicket. Nicely judged running take.;Michael Clarke c Khan b Yuvraj Singh 8 (30m 19b 0x4 0x6) SR: 42.1;
30.3;1;Yuvraj to Ponting, 1 run Raina in the way again. Full on off stump, Ponting drives into the covers and it's that man, horizontal Raina, flying into the path and deflecting it away. Single, all the same.;
30.2;?;Yuvraj to Ponting, no run too short, another poor ball wasted as Ponting cuts to cover;
30.1;1;Yuvraj to Clarke, 1 run Yuvraj loops one on middle and leg, Clarke drives to long on for a single;
29.6;2;Tendulkar to Ponting, 2 runs he's tried to bowl a fellow legend round the legs. Ponting knows it well and does well to get bat on a paddle sweep to fine leg. Entertaining over, that!;
29.5;?;Tendulkar to Ponting, no run another ripping leggie on leg stump, Ponting carefully defends as it breaks in.;
29.4;1;Tendulkar to Clarke, 1 run full toss. What a mixed bag. Clarke bunts to long on for one.;
29.3;?;Tendulkar to Clarke, no run whoa! He's bowled the ball of the day! Drifts in towards outside leg stump, lands, grips and breaks right past the face of the bat. Clarke looks flummoxed. Hasn't seen such spin since he faced Warne in the nets.;
29.2;1;Tendulkar to Ponting, 1 run hideously poor full toss on middle and off, Ponting could have hit that back to Tasmania if he wanted, but he's pulled it straight to midwicket;
29.1;1;Tendulkar to Clarke, 1 run leggie to start off outside leg as the batsman hops out and works it to long on for one;
28.6;1;Yuvraj to Clarke, 1 run drifts into the pads to end the over, Clarke picks him with the angle through wide mid on for a single;
28.5;?;Yuvraj to Clarke, no run slow and loopy outside off, Clarke skips out, gets the front foot across to the pitch and pushes to the off side;
28.4;2lb;Yuvraj to Clarke, 2 leg byes sliding along with the angle, Clarke gets something on it down towards fine leg;
28.3;?;Yuvraj to Clarke, no run Clarke's missed out on a long hop, carving a short ball straight to Kohli at cover;
28.2;1;Yuvraj to Ponting, 1 run too short, Ponting rocks back in a flash and plays to deep point for a single;
28.1;?;Yuvraj to Ponting, no run tossed up on middle and leg and straightening, Ponting has jumped out of the crease, looking to flick and gets a leading edge to point;
27.6;1;Patel to Ponting, 1 run drives a full length ball on the pads to long on for a single, Munaf's few quiet overs may be out of the way. Dhoni might be mulling a bowling change here. Raina, may be?;
27.5;?;Patel to Ponting, no run again Munaf holds the length back and Ponting plays from the crease defensively.;
27.4;?;Patel to Ponting, no run shortens the length this time, Ponting plays back and defends carefully.;
27.3;4;Patel to Ponting, FOUR runs vintage Ponting. Legcutter at 121 kph, Ponting seemed to read it even before Munaf sent it down. He seemed to have read it from Munaf's brain. He got into position to the length ball, moving that front foot into a lovely position and just launched it through the line, almost all the way over long on. Super shot.;
27.2;?;Patel to Ponting, no run loud appeal from Munaf, none from Dhoni. Will this be referred? Ian Chappell says he needs to be a damn good salesman to convince Dhoni to review this, and Dhoni has bought it. India have reviewed it. And that's a wasted review. Short of a length ball, lands on middle, holds its line, but its hit Ponting too high as he played back and looked to flick. Was missing the top of leg stump by a few inches.;
27.1;2;Patel to Ponting, 2 runs top timing from Ponting. Short of a length outside off, Ponting lunges into an accomplished cover drive and gets a couple;
26.6;?;Yuvraj to Clarke, no run arm ball, Clarke did not pick it as he went back for the punch to the off side and ended up heaving to Kohli at mid on, who cuts off any hopes of a single. Occasional sparks on the field from India.;
26.5;1;Yuvraj to Ponting, 1 run Ponting squeezes a single, with the spin past cover point for one;
26.4;?;Yuvraj to Ponting, no run well bowled and well fielded by Yuvraj. He gets one to drift in nicely and Ponting comes forward to drive past him. Yuvraj moves to his left quickly, dives and fields. Might have jammed a finger into the ground in the process. He is in some strife.;
26.3;1;Yuvraj to Clarke, 1 run Clarke again skips out, this time conscious to get the on drive straighter. Single to long on.;
26.2;?;Yuvraj to Clarke, no run Clarke skips out, works with the angle to an alert Kohli at midwicket.;
26.1;?;Yuvraj to Clarke, no run angling in from wide of the crease, Clarke defends off the front foot as it straightens;
25.6;1;Patel to Clarke, 1 run slips the last ball on the pads, but the length is disciplined enough to ensure Clarke can't get freebies. Nudged to square leg for a single. Dhoni is indeed getting some quiet overs out of Munaf at the moment.;
25.5;1;Patel to Ponting, 1 run holds the length back outside off, Ponting camps on the back foot and punches through the covers for a single;
25.4;1;Patel to Clarke, 1 run length ball outside off, Clarke controls the push into the covers for a single;
25.3;?;Patel to Clarke, no run Clarke nudges off the pads, gets past short midwicket, but not mid on.;
25.2;1;Patel to Ponting, 1 run width outside off, Ponting slams the square drive behind point for a single. Munaf has protection in the deep.;
25.1;?;Patel to Ponting, no run back of a length on the pads, Ponting defends to the leg side. Dhoni's menacing presence near the stumps makes things difficult for the batsmen.;
24.6;?;Yuvraj to Clarke, no run another dot ball to end the over, Clarke can't get the cut past point.;
24.5;1;Yuvraj to Ponting, 1 run Ponting drives past Raina this time and eventually gets the single. That moment of brilliance from Raina was worth three dot balls. That's what good fielding does for the team.;
24.4;?;Yuvraj to Ponting, no run middles the defensive push this time. Gets it out to point;
24.3;?;Yuvraj to Ponting, no run shortens the length. On off stump and going away, Ponting smothers the spin and eases it to spin.;
24.2;?;Yuvraj to Ponting, no run Raina is electric as always in the covers. Yuvraj flights one outside off and Ponting drives powerfully. A horizontal Raina intercepts;
24.1;1;Yuvraj to Clarke, 1 run short of a length on off stump, Clarke gets off the mark easily since long on is back. He punches to the deep and sets off;
23.6;?;Patel to Ponting, no run ends with a smart legcutter on middle and off, Ponting carefully covers the line and defends;
23.5;?;Patel to Ponting, no run slower ball on off stump, Ponting lunges forward in customary fashion and plays it out to mid off;
23.4;2;Patel to Ponting, 2 runs another couple. Slow, back of a length ball outside off, Ponting opens the face as he steers through backward point. Enough time for two before Zaheer can get there and get a languid throw in.;
23.3;2;Patel to Ponting, 2 runs too straight, comes in with the angle, Ponting cheekily taps through square leg and runs like the wind for a couple;
23.2;?;Patel to Ponting, no run slight change of pace, 120 kph full and looking for the lbw. Ponting seemed to come down on it a little late, but managed to defend to the leg side;
23.1;?;Patel to Ponting, no run legcutter straightens on off stump, Ponting pushes into the covers;
22.6;?;Yuvraj to Clarke, no run and he prances out of the crease first ball. Yuvraj sees him and holds the length back. Clarke has to adjust and get across to cover the line. Defended to the off side.;
22.5;W;Yuvraj to Haddin, OUT Yuvraj's golden arm strikes again. Raina takes a smart low catch tumbling forward. Haddin was clearly looking to make things happen against Munaf and Yuvraj, and he may have chanced his arm once too often. Yuvraj slows this one up in the air, tosses it up on off and gets it to break away. Haddin looks to power the cover drive with the spin, but once again goes in the air. It is dying on Raina, but he's alert enough to tumble forward and pouch it.;Brad Haddin c Raina b Yuvraj Singh 53 (95m 62b 6x4 1x6) SR: 85.48;
22.4;2;Yuvraj to Haddin, 2 runs mis-hit by Haddin and just as well. He was looking to carve up Yuvraj's tossed up delivery inside out, and ended up spooning it just over the infield;
22.3;1;Yuvraj to Ponting, 1 run that's the fourth successive short ball from Yuvraj to Ponting. Another cut for a single to deep point;
22.2;1;Yuvraj to Haddin, 1 run holds it back and gets some grip outside off, Haddin waits and punches into the covers;
22.1;1;Yuvraj to Ponting, 1 run too short from Yuvraj again, easy pickings for Ponting who steers the cut to deep point;
21.6;?;Patel to Haddin, no run ends with a back of a length ball on the middle and leg, Haddin whips to midwicket, but they can't get the single;
21.5;?;Patel to Haddin, no run another legcutter on leg stump, good ball but comes after a poor delivery. Haddin defends this one but Munaf is leaking runs.;
21.4;4;Patel to Haddin, FOUR runs Haddin has 50. Munaf is clocked at 138 kph. I wonder if that's a speed gun glitch. Over-pitched on the leg stump, Haddin gets the front foot inside the line and heaves away over the vacant midwicket area. Not the best bit of timing, but perfect choice of placement. Well played.;
21.3;?;Patel to Haddin, no run another one, slightly shorter this time and Haddin punches to the leg side;
21.2;?;Patel to Haddin, no run legcutter, nifty delivery and Haddin has to adjust and defend as it nips away from a length;
21.1;1;Patel to Ponting, 1 run full delivery on off stump, Ponting drives easily to long off. Dhoni comes back up to the stumps.;
20.6;1;Yuvraj to Ponting, 1 run another rank-bad short delivery outside off, too wide for Ponting to cut and he again slaps into the covers with the kind of ugliness the ball deserves to be dealt with.;
20.5;1;Yuvraj to Haddin, 1 run loopy delivery, dips on Haddin who drives on the half volley into the covers for a single;
20.4;?;Yuvraj to Haddin, no run full and flat outside off, played straight to cover;
20.3;3;Yuvraj to Ponting, 3 runs poor delivery, dropped really short and Ponting pumps the cut well in front of square. Desperation from Harbhajan running across from deep point and he manages to stop the boundary.;
20.2;?;Yuvraj to Ponting, no run inviting dolly tossed up outside off, very wide and Ponting lets it go. Hmm.;
20.1;?;Yuvraj to Ponting, no run turn from outside off, Ponting leans out and defends;
19.6;1;Patel to Ponting, 1 run fuller and wider outside off, Ponting leans out to drive into the covers for a single;
19.5;?;Patel to Ponting, no run slower ball, 119 kph and everything happens in slow motion. Ponting lunges out early and has to pull back as he looks to defend down the track. Munaf falls down to his right with the grace of a tall tree that's being felled, and stops the ball.;
19.4;?;Patel to Ponting, no run back of a length, again a touch of away nip and Ponting defends with the full face;
19.3;1;Patel to Haddin, 1 run another legcutter, this time Haddin gets the outside edge as he looks to steer to the off side.;
19.2;4;Patel to Haddin, FOUR runs smart batting from Haddin. 130 kph, short ball wide enough outside off for Haddin to safely guide down to third man, past Dhoni who can't do much. Expertly executed late cut that.;
19.1;?;Patel to Haddin, no run legcutter at 116 kph, good delivery pretty full and Haddin defends from the crease. Good move from Dhoni to come up.;
18.6;1;Harbhajan to Haddin, 1 run fuller on middle, Haddin eases it down to long on for a single;
18.5;?;Harbhajan to Haddin, no run drifts in from a little wide of the crease, Haddin is happy to defend from the crease to the leg side;
18.4;?;Harbhajan to Haddin, no run length ball with some air from over the wicket to Haddin, defended back to the bowler;
18.3;1;Harbhajan to Ponting, 1 run this one is too straight, and Ponting works it through midwicket for a single;
18.2;?;Harbhajan to Ponting, no run offie on middle from round the wicket, Ponting stays back and defends as it straightens.;
18.1;1;Harbhajan to Haddin, 1 run turns in from outside off, Haddin tucks with the spin to midwicket;
17.6;?;Yuvraj to Ponting, no run pushes out this one towards covers, he is done for the over;
17.5;?;Yuvraj to Ponting, no run and now goes right forward, and smothers a turning delivery;
17.4;4;Yuvraj to Ponting, FOUR runs Ponting is taking on the part-timer here, goes down on the knee and slog sweeps a flatter one to the deep midwicket boundary;
17.3;2;Yuvraj to Ponting, 2 runs gets the outside edge as Ponting pushes hard at one, it rushes past slip;
17.2;4;Yuvraj to Ponting, FOUR runs Ponting gets his first boundary, skips down the track, gets outside the line, and lofts against the turn wide of midwicket, lovely shot;
17.1;?;Yuvraj to Ponting, no run Raina runs to his right and cuts off the drive from Ponting;
16.6;1;Harbhajan to Ponting, 1 run better line, makes him go right back in the crease and he turns it away to deep midwicket;
16.6;1w;Harbhajan to Ponting, 1 wide tossed up from round the stumps, turns down the leg side, Ponting went feeling for it, wanting to nudge it fine;
16.5;1;Harbhajan to Haddin, 1 run slightly short and turning in, punched off the back foot and sweeper cover gets around to field;
16.4;?;Harbhajan to Haddin, no run flighted one now, played out with the turn on the leg side;
16.3;?;Harbhajan to Haddin, no run fired in flatter and quicker on middle stump, patted back to the bowler;
16.2;1;Harbhajan to Ponting, 1 run goes deep in the crease, and whips a turning ball through square leg, the fielder messes up initially but keeps them to one in the end;
16.1;?;Harbhajan to Ponting, no run Ponting gets in to a considerable tangle, looks to cut a delivery that is neither short nor wide, and in the end plays it out towards point;
15.6;?;Yuvraj to Haddin, no run more flight from Yuvraj, he gets forward and pushes with the turn towards short extra cover;
15.5;1;Yuvraj to Ponting, 1 run waits for a flighted one to arrive on middle and leg, and pushes it down the ground towards long on;
15.4;?;Yuvraj to Ponting, no run drives with the turn to short extra cover, where Raina covers a lot of ground to his right, gets up and fires in the direct hit to the striker's end, Ponting is well in, and that's what the replays confirm;
15.3;?;Yuvraj to Ponting, no run 83.2 kph, a touch flatter, he lunges out and pushes it away to point;
15.2;1;Yuvraj to Haddin, 1 run another fuller one, this time on leg stump, and eased towards deep midwicket;
15.1;?;Yuvraj to Haddin, no run tossed up slowly, and very full, dug out to Yuvraj;s left, and he does well to cut off the single;
14.6;?;Harbhajan to Ponting, no run this one went straight on at an angle outside off, made him uncertainly reach out and push it towards point;
14.6;1w;Harbhajan to Ponting, 1 wide flighted again, and turning, but from round the stumps, goes down leg;
14.5;?;Harbhajan to Ponting, no run tossed up full on middle, played out towards midwicket;
14.4;1;Harbhajan to Haddin, 1 run gets him to drive to a tossed up delivery outside off stump, he gets it off the inner half of the bat and collects a single towards long on, Harbhajan cannot stop the ball, finds Ricky in the way;
14.3;1;Harbhajan to Ponting, 1 run another full delivery around off, he adjusts to ease it to long on off the front foot;
14.2;1;Harbhajan to Haddin, 1 run much fuller this time, he drives with the turn down to long on;
14.1;1;Harbhajan to Ponting, 1 run turns in from outside off, but short enough for him to shuffle and whip it backward of square;
13.6;4;Patel to Haddin, FOUR runs Munaf has leaked a lot of boundaries in his opening over, here's another one, length ball sitting up, and Haddin clears front leg and smokes it over mid on;
13.5;?;Patel to Haddin, no run follows him outside leg stump even as he backs away, but is cramped for room;
13.4;?;Patel to Haddin, no run plays this one outside off quietly towards point;
13.3;4;Patel to Haddin, FOUR runs Munaf had taken out Pietersen against England with a screamer of a catch, Haddin offers him another chances at glory, with a furious shot straight back at him, but Munaf is late to get his hands on it, and Haddin as two boundaries in two balls;
13.2;4;Patel to Haddin, FOUR runs 134.7 kph, length ball with some width outside off, Haddin makes some more room outside leg, and goes inside-out past extra cover, he has been looking to do that against the seamers;
13.1;1;Patel to Ponting, 1 run starts off with a widish length ball outside off, punched to sweeper cover;
12.6;?;Harbhajan to Haddin, no run flatter and fuller this time, and it is patted back to the bowler;
12.5;1;Harbhajan to Ponting, 1 run tossed up generously outside off stump, he drives with the turn to long on;
12.4;2;Harbhajan to Ponting, 2 runs there is no leg slip, and Ponting flicks a fuller delivery in that region, Zaheer tidies up at fine leg;
12.3;?;Harbhajan to Ponting, no run another edge, Ponting is pinned on the crease, pushes at one that bounces, and the thick edge goes towards point;
12.2;?;Harbhajan to Ponting, no run plays out this one towards short leg;
12.1;?;Harbhajan to Ponting, no run shufles across and goes well back to push a turning delivery, gets a leading edge towards the bowler;
11.6;4;Ashwin to Haddin, FOUR runs possible chance, gets him to chip it in the air, he is beaten in the flight, but manages to get it just over Zaheer running to his left from mid off, and what's more, it also runs in to the boundary;
11.5;2;Ashwin to Haddin, 2 runs Munaf lumbers after one that is pushed through covers, and that means a couple is easily taken;
11.4;1;Ashwin to Ponting, 1 run comes well forward and pushes this one away past cover;
11.3;1;Ashwin to Haddin, 1 run very full and on leg stump, whipped in the air down to fine leg;
11.2;?;Ashwin to Haddin, no run much fuller now, around leg stump, played out towards short midwicket;
11.1;?;Ashwin to Haddin, no run does not turn in as much, a bit short, and he goes back to cut it to point;
10.6;?;Harbhajan to Ponting, no run the Australia captain in two minds, decides to do neither, stays on the crease and pushes at one that turns in sharply to strike him on the pad but way outside off stump;
10.5;?;Harbhajan to Ponting, no run lunges way forward to one that is flighted outside off stump, pushed out to extra cover;
10.4;1;Harbhajan to Haddin, 1 run fires this one in full and on leg stump, easily worked away through square leg;
10.3;?;Harbhajan to Haddin, no run 85.6 kph, a touch slower, he waits on it and turns it towards square leg;
10.2;?;Harbhajan to Haddin, no run a bit shorter, turns in and he goes back to push it back to the bowler;
10.1;?;Harbhajan to Haddin, no run goes across and picks a fuller one from way outside off to midwicket;
9.6;W;Ashwin to Watson, OUT the man from Chennai has struck, Watson went for the slog sweep, this one was slower through the air, tossed up, and turned in to strike the off stump, even as Watson missed it completely, did not get too far across to pick it from outside off, played a bit early too;Shane Watson b Ashwin 25 (39m 38b 5x4 0x6) SR: 65.78;
9.5;?;Ashwin to Watson, no run lazy from Ashwin, is late in parrying a ball played back to him, to short midwicket and almost concedes a run;
9.4;?;Ashwin to Watson, no run played back to the bowler off the front foot;
9.3;1;Ashwin to Haddin, 1 run tossed up slowly, inviting the drive against the turn, not a good idea on this wicket, he goes for it, and gets it down to mid off, but manages to pinch the single;
9.2;?;Ashwin to Haddin, no run now draws him forward, he pats a fuller one back to the bowler;
9.1;?;Ashwin to Haddin, no run makes him block this one hurriedly as it turns in from outside off stump;
8.6;2;Harbhajan to Watson, 2 runs and after having created some pressure, Harbhajan bowls a fast full toss on the pads, Watson happily puts it away wide of deep midwicket, where Raina does well to dive and cut off the boundary;
8.5;?;Harbhajan to Watson, no run makes him go for the big sweep from outside off stump, but there is the man at square leg;
8.4;?;Harbhajan to Watson, no run tosses it up outside off stump, he waits a while before smothering it in forward defence;
8.3;?;Harbhajan to Watson, no run 91.6 kph, played with the turn to short midwicket from outside off;
8.2;?;Harbhajan to Watson, no run now he goes back to one that was not short enough, it turns in sharply, but he manages to play it away towards leg slip;
8.1;?;Harbhajan to Watson, no run quicker through the air than Ashwin, he gets forward to defend a fuller one;
7.6;1;Khan to Watson, 1 run they take on Harbhajan at mid off, it was firmly pushed off the front foot, and they went for the run, direct hit would have had Haddin in some bother, Harbhajan has hands on his wide white hat;
7.5;?;Khan to Watson, no run works a length ball with the angle to midwicket, Watson is looking in no trouble at all;
7.4;?;Khan to Watson, no run slightly back of a length around middle and leg, played out calmly towards mid on;
7.3;?;Khan to Watson, no run thumped off the front foot this time, this looks like a good toss to win, mid off fields;
7.2;4;Khan to Watson, FOUR runs well, is it possible to use the angle from round the stumps any better, gets front leg across and sweeps this one past Sachin who is in the circle at fine leg;
7.1;?;Khan to Watson, no run no movement or anything for the fast bowler, Watson plonks front foot forward and bashes this length ball to mid on;
6.6;?;Ashwin to Haddin, no run driven back to Ashwin who fields it cleanly this time;
6.5;?;Ashwin to Haddin, no run the carrom ball, but too short to trouble him, goes back to push it on the off side;
6.4;6;Ashwin to Haddin, SIX runs puff of dust as this one turns in sharply from outside off, Haddin had it covered, took the front leg forward and chipped it in the air, it was timed so well that it carried over the wide long on ropes;
6.3;?;Ashwin to Haddin, no run almost yorker length on leg stump, he jams down his bat on it;
6.2;1;Ashwin to Watson, 1 run pinches a tight single to mid on which is a bit deep;
6.1;1;Ashwin to Haddin, 1 run uses the turn to work it away behind square leg, Zaheer comes in from fine leg and keeps them to one;
5.6;?;Khan to Watson, no run no boundary off the last ball this time, Watson is done for the over, shuts up shop with a perfect forward defensive around off stump;
5.5;4;Khan to Watson, FOUR runs slightly over pitched, and at that angle from round the stumps, it is enough for Watson, lets it comes on and whips it in to the gap past short midwicket and mid on, lovely timing, no movement whatsoever for the bowler;
5.4;?;Khan to Watson, no run back of a length this time, and he stays in the crease to push it towards mid off;
5.3;?;Khan to Watson, no run and again he defends off the front foot, but with a slightly open face to play out the length ball towards point;
5.2;?;Khan to Watson, no run the Watson forward defence, bat and pad tightly close together, comes forward solidly and blocks off the middle of the bat;
5.1;1;Khan to Haddin, 1 run comes in with the angle from round the stumps, he brings down his bat at an angle as well. and gets an inside edge on the leg side;
4.6;4;Ashwin to Watson, FOUR runs and for the third time in as many overs, Watson gets a boundary off the last ball, with tremendous bat speed, hits a full delivery back towards Ashwin, who fails to field it and the outfield is too quick after that happens;
4.5;?;Ashwin to Watson, no run he is keeping it really tight here, another one around leg stump is played out towards mid on;
4.4;?;Ashwin to Watson, no run defended off the front foot, inside edge rolls away on the leg side;
4.3;1;Ashwin to Haddin, 1 run beats him in the flight, Haddin is lured into going over the infield with the turn, gets an inside edge that loops in the air, but there is no one at square leg;
4.2;?;Ashwin to Haddin, no run a touch quicker, and he shuffles to work it to short midwicket;
4.1;?;Ashwin to Haddin, no run turns in from outside off stump, a bit short, but he stays in the crease and pushes it to mid on;
3.6;4;Khan to Watson, FOUR runs 123.6 kph slower one cutting in, but the line was on leg stump, and Watson picked it neatly in front of square leg, again a boundary off the last ball of the over;
3.5;?;Khan to Watson, no run comes forward and middles the ball with a loud crack, it races away to extra cover;
3.4;1;Khan to Haddin, 1 run gets outside the line of this one angled in, and whips it away to Sachin at fine leg;
3.3;?;Khan to Haddin, no run for the third time in succession, Haddin gets outside leg stump, and this time connects with the shot, but Kohli at short extra cover grabs the ball, and fires in the throw at Watson's end, who had to put in the dive quickly;
3.2;?;Khan to Haddin, no run 136.8 kph darts in with the angle from back of a length, he is some way outside leg stump, and takes it high on the pad;
3.1;?;Khan to Haddin, no run Haddin with that back-outside-leg-and-target-extra-cover shot, but mistimes it to mid off;
2.6;4;Ashwin to Watson, FOUR runs Watson has seen enough to launch in to the slog sweep, lunging forward, gets close to the ball, and swats it wide of Harbhajan at deep midwicket;
2.5;?;Ashwin to Watson, no run pushed off the front foot to mid on;
2.4;?;Ashwin to Watson, no run the one that goes straight on, pitches around leg and is carefully played back to the bowler;
2.3;?;Ashwin to Watson, no run tight line, played out to short midwicket;
2.2;1;Ashwin to Haddin, 1 run uses the turn to work this one away to deep square leg;
2.1;?;Ashwin to Haddin, no run turns in sharply from outside off, calmly patted back off the back foot;

Zaheer goes round the wicket now
 Innings Start
On behalf of Abhishek and the rest of the gang, this is Nitin Sundar signing off. Join us tomorrow for another Mirpur magnifico - South Africa v New Zealand. Ta!
Sriram Veera's bulletin on the game is here. Stay glued to the site, there will be a lot of analysis from Sambit Bal, Sharda Ugra, Brydon Coverdale, Nagraj Gollapudi and everyone else coming in.
After hurtling through the group stages unconvincingly, India have put up their best performance of the World Cup against the defending champions. This was by no means a flawless show, the mid-innings freeze and the mad running will have to be addressed. The pressure will be more in the semis, where Afridi's boys will be waiting. But, for the first time in the World Cup, India looked like a side that's deserving of the title.
For the sixth time on the trot, there will be at least one Asian team in the World Cup final. Will Sri Lanka make it as well?
Manjunaath: "Well, Facebook & Twitter better brace themselves with powerful servers on whats to come on the 30th!!" Not to forget, ourselves!
Kalyan: "Though India won, this match will be remembered for Ponting's magnificent innings."
Presentations
Yuvraj has made a good habit of winning the Man of the Match. Fourth time in the World Cup: "I don't know about hitting any purple patch, but the pressure today, playing Australia, it was something else. When Dhoni got out, I knew we still had Raina to come, and thought if we added 40 odd runs it would be good. I told Gautam (after the run-out) I am not Virender Sehwag, I can't run like that ... Well, may be it was my fault. I have gone through a tough year, but coming into the World Cup, getting that 50 against England, it was good. 260 was a good score, Ponting batted outstandingly but we chased well."
Dhoni: "70-odd runs needed with the last batting pair, it basically meant if we played 50 overs with Yuvraj and Raina, we would make it. There was pressure, and it was about handling it. Yusuf at No. 7 was going for the runs, but Raina is technically better and we were keen on batting 50 overs. That's why we went with Raina, but we know Yusuf can be dangerous. I'd have been satisfied keeping them to 250, we had our best fielding unit today. I think we saved around 15 runs that we hence did not need to chase. India v Pakistan semi-finals - it doesn't get better. The pressure will be big, but in reality it makes no difference to us."
Ahmedabad does itself a disservice by booing Ponting: "We needed more wickets in the middle of the innings. With 15 overs to go, it was touch and go, but Yuvraj and Raina played really well. It's disappointing to bow out, we are a better team than we have played."
August: "When was the last time India won 5 games in a World Cup and none has Tendulkar as 'Man of the Match', even after scoring two centuries and one '50' :)" Is the answer August? ;-)
Sanjib: "Ponting the tragic hero, scored a Century in his very last innings of the World Cup Cricket. GREATEST EXIT, hats off for you." Indeed. Reminds me of Saeed Anwar's sparkling exit in 2003.
Hemant: "Yuvi reminded me Mohindar Amarnath in 1983 World cup."
NV: "This is a last and final call for all passengers travelling non stop to Australia on Air Quantas!"
Sai: "Buh-Bye! Restroom here i come!!"
Sumesh: "Congrats to ourselves! I was not looking away from the screen since Dhoni got out and it worked! :-)"
Kedar: "This innings ranks at the very top for Yuvraj... a gem of an innings under immense pressure, what a transformation!"
Priyadarshini: "The last time Australia hadn't played the world cup final was 1992. Things changes and I am loving it."
But above all, contemplate all that Yuvraj has been through in the last year. He lost his form. He lost his fans. He lost his fitness with an injury. Controversy followed him like a faithful pet. He lost his Test spot. He almost lost his limited-overs spots. He hung in there. And he's taking India past every hurdle in this World Cup. With bat, with ball, and on the field. Yuvraj, take a bow.
A day for champions. Ponting may have played his last World Cup game. But don't forget what he accomplished today. He overcame poor form, in tough conditions and played a top-class innings. Don't forget Lee, charging in like his life depended on it, spilling blood in an attempt to save four, but running in at 155+ kph and making India sweat all the way. And I don't need to remind you not to forget Sachin, who played among the most fluent innings Lee-Johnson-Tait would have ever seen.
47.4;4;Lee to Yuvraj, FOUR runs a poetic moment for the Indian fans. Australia's reign has ended. The crowd has lost it. Yuvraj is on the turf, mid-pitch, arms aloft, looking up at the sky and then waving his bat away in a frenzy of emotions. And just as well. We will have new World Champions, for the first time since 1999. Length ball on off stump, Yuvraj wanted to do it at one go, he backed away marginally and caned it through the covers. Everything is a blur. Australia are out. India will play Pakistan in Mohali.;
47.3;?;Lee to Yuvraj, no run another yorker, marginally off-line, ends up on the toes and Yuvraj could have flicked through backward square leg but couldn't get it away.;
47.2;?;Lee to Yuvraj, no run another yorker on middle and leg, Yuvraj can't get anything under it as he drives straight to mid off;
47.1;?;Lee to Yuvraj, no run Lee is still not giving up. Yorker at 139 kph on off stump, Yuvraj looks to deflect it to third man but finds point;
46.6;2;Johnson to Raina, 2 runs another Raina dink through the leg side. Mitch drops a short ball on the pads and Raina will keep tucking them there all day if he has to. There are no fielders there. Easy couple to India. The parties have started in the stands, says Ravi Shastri.;
46.5;1;Johnson to Yuvraj, 1 run slow and back of a length outside off, Yuvraj looks to guide backward of point and he gets an inside edge onto the pads for a single into the off side.;
46.5;1w;Johnson to Yuvraj, 1 wide the crowd is delirious. Mitch slants another wide down the leg side. Ponting looks gutted. India are taking this away.;
46.4;1;Johnson to Raina, 1 run Raina backs away a touch, but Mitch follows him and Raina steers a short ball to deep backward point for a single;
46.3;1lb;Johnson to Yuvraj, 1 leg bye slanting into the pads, Yuvraj gets some pad on it as he looks to flick. Leg bye. India get closer.;
46.2;1;Johnson to Raina, 1 run short and fast outside off, Raina has things under control now. He opens the face of the bat and runs it down to third man for a single;
46.1;4;Johnson to Raina, FOUR runs India are running home in a hurry. Johnson sends a bouncer down, but misses the line by a fraction. That's exactly what Raina is playing for when he hops inside the line to a bouncer. This one ends up to the right of his body and he glances it along, using Mitch's pace, and it screams away to fine leg.;
45.6;?;Lee to Yuvraj, no run back of a length to end the over, Yuvraj is completely focused - no pressure on him despite playing four successive dot balls. He works it to the leg side of the pitch and stays put in the crease.;
45.5;?;Lee to Yuvraj, no run Lee has not given up. He sends down a skidding yorker, and Yuvraj plays forward to it and ends up meeting it on the full. Just as well, the outside edge takes it away from the stumps and then it thuds into the turf on the way to Haddin.;
45.4;?;Lee to Yuvraj, no run another short ball, at 143 kph and targetted at the body. Yuvraj stays put on the crease and defends down the track;
45.3;?;Lee to Yuvraj, no run bouncer at 146.9 kph, he does his best to hustle Yuvraj into the corner, but Yuvraj leaps back in the crease and defends towards point. He had that under complete control.;
45.2;1;Lee to Raina, 1 run back of a length and coming into the pads, Raina dabs through square leg for a single;
45.1;6;Lee to Raina, SIX runs Raina has smeared him over long on. Lee lands one on the length, in Raina's business area. Mid on is inside the circle. Raina needs no more incentive to go over the top, he gets the front foot into line and mows it a long way. Huge moment.;
44.6;1;Watson to Raina, 1 run Raina gets one more, stays on the back foot but whips in front of square easily for a single.;
44.5;1;Watson to Yuvraj, 1 run he's doing it easily at the moment. This is top-notch one-day batting on display. Length ball angling across him, Yuvraj opens the face of the bat as he dabs to third man for one more;
44.4;2;Watson to Yuvraj, 2 runs Fifty to Yuvraj. Each run has come under immense pressure. Fourth fifty of the World Cup. Length ball on the pads, Yuvraj is inside the line and hops onto the back foot as he nudges to deep backward square leg for a couple.;
44.3;1;Watson to Raina, 1 run another bouncer at Raina, he somehow manages to redirect it to midwicket for a single;
44.2;1;Watson to Yuvraj, 1 run Yuvraj runs in like a fiend. Defends a length ball to David Hussey and mid off, runs like a man possessed and dives like Ian Thorpe, full on and into the crease. Would have made his ground if it had hit. It didn't;
44.1;1;Watson to Raina, 1 run length ball from Watson on the leg stump, Raina looks to muscle it over deep square leg, but doesn't time it so well. Just as well, on the bounce to the man in the deep.;
43.6;?;Krejza to Yuvraj, no run short but no turn, hurries along as Yuvraj looks to cut. Bottom edged onto the turf.;
43.5;?;Krejza to Yuvraj, no run huge spin, lands on leg and more than straightens. Yuvraj is almost opened up as he turns the bat too early.;
43.4;1;Krejza to Raina, 1 run fuller outside off, Raina taps into the covers for another single;
43.3;?;Krejza to Raina, no run can someone teach Krejza the lbw law please? Short ball lands on leg, doesn't turn is going too high, well over the tenth stump if there were one. Raina looks to heave and misses. Krejza appeals.;
43.2;1;Krejza to Yuvraj, 1 run on Yuvraj's pads, he dinks another easy single to square leg;
43.1;1;Krejza to Raina, 1 run tossed up and turning away from outside off, Raina lunges to the flight of the ball and dabs it into the covers for one;
42.6;?;Watson to Yuvraj, no run back of a length on off stump, Yuvraj plays it calmly into the covers;
42.5;4;Watson to Yuvraj, FOUR runs you have to feel for Lee. He's made a monumental effort at fine leg, but it is still four. Short ball on leg stump, Yuvraj gets inside the line and plays down on it, the pull hurries down to fine leg. Lee runs a mile to his left and then dives full length. He gets a hand on the ball, but the ball bounces up and hits him in the eye. The man doesn't even flinch. He watches in agony as the ball rolls away from him, and inevitably to the boundary. Lee is up, he has blood gushing out of a cut to the right of his right eye. What a player. He's away for some repair work now.;
42.4;?;Watson to Yuvraj, no run hmm, straight and slowish, Yuvraj is early on the forcing shot through on side and just keeps it down.;
42.3;1;Watson to Raina, 1 run Raina shuffles across like a card dealer in Las Vegas would. Gets prone on middle stump but works it in front of square leg for one;
42.2;1;Watson to Yuvraj, 1 run short ball on the pads, Yuvraj quietly tucks it to midwicket for a single;
42.1;1;Watson to Raina, 1 run back of a length on the leg stump, worked to the leg side for a single;
41.6;1;Krejza to Raina, 1 run Krejza drops short, he has done that off and on today. Raina waits and forces him off the back foot through the covers for a single;
41.5;?;Krejza to Raina, no run fuller on middle and off, Raina is stout in defence, reaching out and smothering it this time.,;
41.4;?;Krejza to Raina, no run leading edge now. Krejza again gets big spin from leg stump line and Raina looks to work it to the leg side. Plays it back to the bowler.;
41.3;?;Krejza to Raina, no run is that Krejza or Murali? Curls in with the arm, lands outside off and then breaks away sharply as Raina feels for it. Hmm.;
41.2;1;Krejza to Yuvraj, 1 run smart play from Yuvraj. Short of a length on middle and leg, he taps it to the vacant midwicket region for one;
41.1;?;Krejza to Yuvraj, no run tossed up outside off, driven carefully to cover. A rare dot ball.;
40.6;2;Tait to Raina, 2 runs scorcher of a yorker, but he's ended up sliding it onto the pads. Raina skips inside the line and flicks neatly to the deep. Australia are not fielding at their best now. Horror throw comes in mid-pitch and they get a second easily.;
40.5;?;Tait to Raina, no run the pressure is showing on everyone! Raina looks to heave a cover drive to a ball well outside off, without getting across. Inside edge misses the stumps, Haddin comes across to stop it, Raina wanders out and hurries back in. Tait tells him what he thinks of it.;
40.4;2;Tait to Raina, 2 runs Raina's pull again. He's pulled Lee. He's now pulled Tait. On this pitch, the short ball is not a worry. He manages to swivel around and keep it down to deep midwicket as it comes towards the waist. 25 have come off the last 10 balls.;
40.3;1;Tait to Yuvraj, 1 run slower ball at 127 kph. Yuvraj spots it and taps to cover point for a single.;
40.3;5w;Tait to Yuvraj, 5 wide Tait's gifted five more and an extra ball. He's slanted this a mile outside off. Haddin can't collect.;
40.2;2;Tait to Yuvraj, 2 runs overthrows now. It's all happening. Yuvraj calmly taps a length ball to the off side and they run a single. The throw is horrendous. Haddin doesn't collect. They get a second. Ponting thinks they should not have run, since Raina was in Haddin's way. Doesn't seem to really have a case.;
40.1;1;Tait to Raina, 1 run Raina does the sane thing. Short ball angling across, he hops back and guides backward of point for a single;
39.6;4;Lee to Yuvraj, FOUR runs sensational counter-punch this from Yuvraj. He knows momentum is everything in this chase now. Short of a length ball outside off, Yuvraj is on the front foot as he walks into a murderous carve over cover point.;
39.5;?;Lee to Yuvraj, no run aha, back of a length, Yuvraj pushes to cover. Raina wants one, is sent back and dives in before the throw comes in.;
39.4;4;Lee to Yuvraj, FOUR runs top shot from Yuvraj. India are turning it back to an even keel. How did he get that away? That was a stunning yorker from Lee. Coming in from wide of the crease and ending on off stump, at the toes. Yuvraj calmly comes down on it, and opens the face to send it scurrying fine of third man. How?!;
39.3;?;Lee to Yuvraj, no run aha, swing and a miss. Oohs and aahs! Yuvraj sets up a strong base on leg stump line and looks to go up and over the off side. The ball whizzes past, short of a length.;
39.3;1w;Lee to Yuvraj, 1 wide Lee slips one too far wide outside off.;
39.2;1;Lee to Raina, 1 run the crowd finds some energy again, Raina drops a length ball into the covers and gets a single to cover. For a change, some good running.;
39.1;4;Lee to Raina, FOUR runs that's as assured as you will ever see Raina playing a short ball. He camps back in the crease, waiting for the ball that's coming at the ribs, but this one from Lee doesn't lift so much. Raina has it in his range and rolls the wrists over the pull and through to midwicket for four more.;
38.6;4;Tait to Yuvraj, FOUR runs Yuvraj's hit a stunning boundary here. Somewhat risky and in the air, but he seemed to know what he was doing. Tait gives him just enough width outside off to get under and crack it over point. It nearly carries all the way, a couple of metres inside the ropes.;
38.5;?;Tait to Yuvraj, no run still can't get the single. Tait keeps it short from round the wicket, Yuvraj looks to steer backward of point but finds the fielder;
38.4;?;Tait to Yuvraj, no run late swing, full at 151 kph and curving away from middle and leg towards off. Yuvraj squeezes it off the outside half of the bat to point;
38.3;?;Tait to Yuvraj, no run another short ball, Yuvraj jumps up and back in the crease and defends to the off side;
38.2;1;Tait to Raina, 1 run Raina plays his own brand of the controlled pull. He's sitting back and plays it in ginger fashion to deep square leg for one;
38.1;1;Tait to Yuvraj, 1 run short ball aimed at the body, Yuvraj hops back and whips through square leg for one. Could have been two. Poor running.;
37.6;?;Lee to Raina, no run fantastic stuff from Lee. Wicket-maiden on his return to the attack. Length ball angling in from outside off, Raina stays in the crease and plays into the covers;
37.5;?;Lee to Raina, no run short ball from round the wicket, ends up outside off as Raina hangs back and taps towards point. Dot ball. Required rate is over six, for the first time tonight.;
37.4;?;Lee to Raina, no run firmly planted on the back foot as he's expecting a bouncer, but Lee delivers this full and wide outside off. Raina pushes it without much assurance to the off side;
37.3;W;Lee to Dhoni, OUT Dhoni has perished. He's not been in great form, and clearly that's affecting his thinking. After the last two balls, you'd have expected better than a wild airy cut to a short ball. That was again pacy from Lee, got it to bounce extra and Dhoni had no control on the cut. Seemed like he wanted to hit it right through Clarke at point. Pup keeps his cool and holds a blinder as the ball buzzes away to his right. India are throwing this away.;MS Dhoni c Clarke b Lee 7 (19m 8b 1x4 0x6) SR: 87.5;
37.2;?;Lee to Dhoni, no run reverse swing. Horror shot. Dhoni survives. Lee gets a full delivery at 143 kph to curl in, Dhoni has a huge swing at it and misses. It goes in through the bat and pad gap to the keeper.;
37.1;?;Lee to Dhoni, no run India are running like a dodgy tummy that's eaten more spices that it should have. Sharp inducking bouncer at Dhoni who hops back and defends off the inside edge to the leg side. Yuvraj wants a single now. What's this affliction for running non-existent singles? Gets back just in time.;
36.6;?;Johnson to Yuvraj, no run ooh, Mitch gets one to nip in a touch as Yuvraj pushes outside the line and looks to defend. Bat first? Pad first? No appeal.;
36.5;2;Johnson to Yuvraj, 2 runs another good shot as Mitch again searches for the lbw, with one angling into the pads, Yuvraj whips it backward of square and Lee puts in a huge effort at deep backward square leg to save four.;
36.4;4;Johnson to Yuvraj, FOUR runs and you wonder why he does that fishing thing, when he can play shots like these. 143 kph delivery angling into the pads, Yuvraj gets the front foot into line and thumps it through the line, between the bowler and mid on. Right out of the screws, as they say.;
36.3;?;Johnson to Yuvraj, no run there are no fish in the Kankaria lake in Ahmedabad, but Yuvraj is really fishing hard. Another lazy flail at a back of length ball outside off, swish and a miss.;
36.2;?;Johnson to Yuvraj, no run short ball, Yuvraj is readily on the back foot and hops back to the 143 kph bumper to drop it to the leg side;
36.1;2;Johnson to Yuvraj, 2 runs imprint lbw delivery, full and tailing into the pads, but Yuvraj manages to get the bat down at the last moment and flick to deep square leg. Lee cleans up as they get a second.;
35.6;?;Hussey to Dhoni, no run again it is Ponting, this time at cover. Dhoni pushes a full delivery on off to his right, but the Aussie captain slides and slips away to deny him the single;
35.5;1;Hussey to Yuvraj, 1 run Hussey escapes with a poor ball, short and going down the leg side, Yuvraj looks to paddle-pull to fine leg, but Ponting at short fine leg is on it. Today, Ponting has been everywhere!;
35.4;?;Hussey to Yuvraj, no run full toss on off stump, Yuvraj misses out, completely mistiming the cover drive and he gets it out to point;
35.3;?;Hussey to Yuvraj, no run back of a length on off and middle, Yuvraj defends from the crease;
35.2;1;Hussey to Dhoni, 1 run tossed up outside off, Dhoni powers the cover drive away for one more;
35.1;4;Hussey to Dhoni, FOUR runs Dhoni's got a boundary to release some of the pressure. Poor delivery from Hussey, lands it midway and it turns in a little, but there was enough room for Dhoni to whack the cut through the covers. Ponting makes a huge effort in the infield and injures his already dodgy little finger. Deep point runs across and makes an extraordinary effort, but it is four.;
34.6;?;Johnson to Yuvraj, no run Yuvraj goes fishing outside off again, and misses. Looked to steer to third man, and just as well for him that he didn't get bat on it.;
34.5;?;Johnson to Yuvraj, no run Mitch is making Yuvraj look ordinary. He lands one back of a length on the seam and gets it to jar away as Yuvraj gropes inside the line.;
34.4;1;Johnson to Dhoni, 1 run full delivery outside off, Dhoni gets the foot half across and drops into the covers for a single;
34.3;1lb;Johnson to Yuvraj, 1 leg bye over-pitched and slanted onto the pads, Yuvraj looks to whip and it runs away backward of square leg for one. Off the pads.;
34.2;?;Johnson to Yuvraj, no run fuller delivery on off, Yuvraj gingerly gets onto the front foot and pushes to mid off.;
34.1;?;Johnson to Yuvraj, no run top delivery from Mitch, bouncer that curls away in the air after landing. Yuvraj looks out of his range as he weaves on the back foot as it goes away.;
33.6;1;Hussey to Yuvraj, 1 run Yuvraj nudges a full ball to midwicket, lots of chatter even before they get a single to a vacabt midwicket area.;
33.5;1;Hussey to Dhoni, 1 run Dhoni leans out to a delivery breaking in from outside off and gets a single;
33.4;1;Hussey to Yuvraj, 1 run this match is alive. India are stuttering for no reason. Yuvraj is early into a chip into the off side and it is nearly played right back at Hussey who puts the right arm out on his follow through. Too far away though.;
33.3;?;Hussey to Yuvraj, no run;
33.2;W;Hussey to Yuvraj, OUT infantile running. Gambhir is gone. That was even more horrendous. Not sure what was happening there again. Yuvraj guides a ball outside off backward of square, very fine on the off side. The ball went nowhere, and first slip was after it. Gambhir wants a single and runs three-fourths of the way down the track. Yuvraj hasn't budged. Not sure what Gambhir was thinking. He turned and then gave up, he didn't have a chance anyway. Gambhir just looks miffed with Yuvraj, as he bad-mouths on the way back. The fault was entirely his.;Gautam Gambhir run out (White/Hussey) 50 (116m 64b 2x4 0x6) SR: 78.12;
33.1;?;Hussey to Yuvraj, no run this is horrendous running. Complete communication breakdown, says Sanjay Manjrekar. Arm ball on the stumps, Yuvraj plays all around it and it pops away to the leg side. Gambhir starts and stops. Yuvraj starts and stops. The throw goes to the batter's end. Should have gone to the other end.;
32.6;?;Johnson to Gambhir, no run similar ball to Gambhir, who also leaps onto the backfoot to leap and drop it down;
32.5;1;Johnson to Yuvraj, 1 run short ball, cramping Yuvraj for room and tucking him up, he does well to jump and nudge to the leg side for one;
32.4;?;Johnson to Yuvraj, no run oh boy, Gambhir escapes. Ponting misses the stumps. Full on the toes, Yuvraj times the flick really well and Gambhir took off, but Yuvraj had hit it straight to Ponting at midwicket. He lines up a throw and lets fly. Gambhir had given up. Miss and he survives.;
32.3;?;Johnson to Yuvraj, no run tight line from Mitch, no reverse yet. Holds its line from short of a length and Yuvraj defends to point from the crease;
32.2;?;Johnson to Yuvraj, no run through Yuvraj. Oohs and aahs from the crowd. He neither gets forward nor stays back and pokes at a length ball that comes in with the angle from amidships. Misses the inside edge and the stumps.;
32.1;1;Johnson to Gambhir, 1 run 50 for Gambhir, his third in the World Cup. And he's apparently not in form, according to some. Full length ball outside off, seemed to be going away as Gambhir covered the line and opened the face to steer through point;
31.6;1;Krejza to Gambhir, 1 run single to end the over as Gambhir waits for a back of length ball on off stump and guides again through point;
31.5;2;Krejza to Gambhir, 2 runs Gambhir does his sashay down the pitch and pick up with the spin again, more control this time as he spoons it to deep extra cover for two more.;
31.4;1;Krejza to Yuvraj, 1 run heart in mouth moment for Yuvraj. Sweeps a delivery from outside off, against the turn, with a man in the deep and gets a top edge that hangs in the air for ever. When it comes down behind square leg, it lands in vacant real estate;
31.3;1;Krejza to Gambhir, 1 run uppish but safely so. Tossed up outside off, Gambhir looks to play the inside out carve over point and gets it out to the outfield.;
31.2;1;Krejza to Yuvraj, 1 run on the back foot again, punched with the spin through mid off for one.;
31.1;2;Krejza to Yuvraj, 2 runs Yuvraj is looking good, camps on the back foot for Krejza's offie to come on around off stump and then whips easily through midwicket;
30.6;?;Hussey to Gambhir, no run plays back to another sharp armer that comes in, and Gambhir manages to stab away through backward point for one;
30.5;?;Hussey to Gambhir, no run pushes a length ball to mid off, Yuvraj wants one, but Gambhir doesn't;
30.4;?;Hussey to Gambhir, no run down the track, gets to the pitch and cover drives well, but can't beat the infield;
30.3;?;Hussey to Gambhir, no run Gambhir is fidgetting all around the crease, this time he backs away and looks for the cut, but ends up defending as Hussey fires it in straight.;
30.2;1;Hussey to Yuvraj, 1 run tossed up outside off, Yuvraj seems to mean business, huge follow through as he check drives to long off for one;
30.1;1;Hussey to Gambhir, 1 run Hussey tosses it up on the pads, Gambhir gets inside the line and nudges to square leg;
29.6;1;Krejza to Gambhir, 1 run again he trots out, but this time it is very full on the pads and he heaves to the leg side for one;
29.5;?;Krejza to Gambhir, no run Gambhir jumps out again, real early, Krejza sees him and holds it back and gets it to grip and turn away. Gambhir is left stranded mid-pitch, groping for it, but manages to stab it away.;
29.4;1lb;Krejza to Yuvraj, 1 leg bye fired in fast and full, Yuvraj misses the whip and gets a leg bye to the leg side;
29.3;4;Krejza to Yuvraj, FOUR runs Yuvraj has played this paddle sweep well in this World Cup. It's not a shot he played much previously, but boy he's hitting them alright. Krejza drops this well outside leg, the bat comes over it from cover and swipes it easily through to fine leg;
29.2;1;Krejza to Gambhir, 1 run short of a length on the pads, Gambhir stays back and taps to square leg. 150 up.;
29.1;2;Krejza to Gambhir, 2 runs Gambhir shimmies down the track, gets to the pitch of an offie on off stump and powers it through extra cover for a couple. He's looking good against spin.;
28.6;?;Hussey to Yuvraj, no run Hussey slips in the armer, Yuvraj misses as he plays for the turn and is struck, but that might have been sliding down the leg side;
28.5;?;Hussey to Yuvraj, no run faster ball, fired in at 97 kph outside off, Yuvraj just lets it go;
28.4;4;Hussey to Yuvraj, FOUR runs another full toss! Another heave over the leg side, but Yuvraj gets well under it and slams it over midwicket. Just. He's away with a boundary.;
28.3;W;Hussey to Kohli, OUT Kohli has thrown it away totally against the run of play, full toss on the stumps, he threw his bat wildly at it, but only found the man at midwicket, David cannot believe it, he is smiling wildly, Virat is disappointed but he has to go;Virat Kohli c Clarke b Hussey 24 (38m 33b 1x4 0x6) SR: 72.72;
28.2;1;Hussey to Gambhir, 1 run guided towards point, they take on the fielder and get the single easily;
28.1;?;Hussey to Gambhir, no run defended off the front foot calmly;
27.6;2;Clarke to Kohli, 2 runs whipped away off the back foot in front of square leg;
27.5;1;Clarke to Gambhir, 1 run worked in front of square leg;
27.4;1;Clarke to Kohli, 1 run bowler and keeper interested as they think there might be some pad, this one was guided fine on the off side;
27.3;4;Clarke to Kohli, FOUR runs finally Kohli gets some reward for those meaty whiplash drives, drives with the turn past extra cover, no chance for sweeper cover;
27.2;1;Clarke to Gambhir, 1 run angles across the left-hander, tapped away late towards point, deft;
27.1;1;Clarke to Kohli, 1 run loopy full toss, Kohli misses out, slaps it away right to sweeper cover;
26.6;?;Hussey to Gambhir, no run played out on the off side, this time there is no single;
26.5;?;Hussey to Gambhir, no run some turn for David, bounce too, played uncertainly on the off side;
26.4;1;Hussey to Kohli, 1 run fuller this time, and he bashes it in the air, Gambhir ducks underneath the missile as it flies at him, goes towards long on;
26.3;?;Hussey to Kohli, no run goes for a forcing shot, but mistimes it to the bowler;
26.2;1;Hussey to Gambhir, 1 run fuller now, and worked towards square leg, there is no one there, midwicket charges to field;
26.1;1;Hussey to Kohli, 1 run swats a shortish one down to long on off the back foot;
25.6;?;Krejza to Gambhir, no run Gautam is looking very eager to take toll of every ball, almost yorks himself as he charges to meet this fuller delivery, ball rolls away on the off side;
25.5;?;Krejza to Gambhir, no run some tangle he gets in to now, this one pitches on leg and straightens to strike him high on the pad;
25.4;2;Krejza to Gambhir, 2 runs leaves the crease and drives inside out with the turn wide of long off to pick up a couple;
25.3;1;Krejza to Kohli, 1 run this time Kohli gets the single, no risk at all;
25.2;1;Krejza to Gambhir, 1 run trying to get the big turn from leg stump, too full again and worked away for a single on the leg side;
25.1;2;Krejza to Gambhir, 2 runs down the track, takes it on the full, and hits it through midwicket, but not enough power to beat the man running in from deep midwicket;
24.6;1;Clarke to Gambhir, 1 run that's the way to go about it, yet another single, down the ground to long on, calmly done;
24.5;1;Clarke to Kohli, 1 run now he works it away through square leg;
24.4;1;Clarke to Gambhir, 1 run worked in to the leg side for another run;
24.3;1;Clarke to Kohli, 1 run Kohli with that whiplash of a drive, gets it off the middle and it screams away to sweeper cover;
24.2;1;Clarke to Gambhir, 1 run down the track, to the pitch, and pushes for the single to long on;
24.1;?;Clarke to Gambhir, no run turned in to the leg side off the front foot;
23.6;1;Krejza to Gambhir, 1 run shouts from the fielders as Gautam drives inside out in the air to sweeper cover;
23.5;?;Krejza to Gambhir, no run he skips down the track, and the ball almost sneaks past, just got the bat down in time;
23.4;1;Krejza to Kohli, 1 run almost holes out to deep midwicket, launches in to the big pull but it falls short;
23.3;?;Krejza to Kohli, no run he is looking to constantly drive the fuller one, mistimes it again;
23.2;1;Krejza to Gambhir, 1 run this time gets the single down the ground;
23.1;?;Krejza to Gambhir, no run oops, what was that, flighted on leg stump, Gautam looked to push with the turn, but this one jagged away sharply to leave him in a mess, and just missed off stump;
22.6;1;Clarke to Gambhir, 1 run Gautam gets the single this time, working it away to deep square leg;
22.5;1;Clarke to Kohli, 1 run fuller one and he eases it down to long on;
22.4;?;Clarke to Kohli, no run goes reaching out at one that turns from outside off and gets an edge in the air but no damage done;
22.3;?;Clarke to Kohli, no run flatter and pushed out in to the off side;
22.2;1;Clarke to Gambhir, 1 run slowly bowled, turning in on leg stump, calmly nudged to short fine leg;
22.1;1;Clarke to Kohli, 1 run punched off the back foot, Ponting lets it slip through his fingers at extra cover;
21.6;1;Krejza to Kohli, 1 run a touch short again, turns towards the leg side and he goes back to work it behind square;
21.5;?;Krejza to Kohli, no run and again, Kohli is going for his trademark cover drive against the turn, cannot beat the infield though;
21.4;?;Krejza to Kohli, no run has him go for the whiplash drive to a flighted one outside off stump, off the inner half down the track;
21.3;?;Krejza to Kohli, no run gets well forward and works a fuller one with the turn to midwicket;
21.2;1;Krejza to Gambhir, 1 run tossed up outside off, but still not full enough, he backs away and cuts to sweeper cover;
21.1;1;Krejza to Kohli, 1 run turns in to Kohli who makes room outside leg and works it backward of square;
20.6;2;Tait to Gambhir, 2 runs places the cut deftly wide of third man and past point to pick up a couple;
20.5;1;Tait to Kohli, 1 run whips a back of a length ball wide of mid on and the single is on;
20.4;1;Tait to Gambhir, 1 run 152.7 kph fuller one slung in on the stumps, from round the wicket, he flicks it wide of midwicket;
20.3;1;Tait to Kohli, 1 run targets him with the 148.4 kph bouncer, Kohli gets outside the line and fends it away backward of square leg, tackled it well;
20.2;?;Tait to Kohli, no run cuts in from some way outside off stump, left alone;
20.1;1;Tait to Gambhir, 1 run these two are sharp between the wickets, and pinch a quick one to mid on;
19.6;?;Krejza to Kohli, no run big turn and bounce for Krejza, Kohli wanted to whip it away on the leg side, but got it off the inside edge on to pad, Haddin was late in getting around to try and take it, Krejza was all excited;
19.5;1;Krejza to Gambhir, 1 run skips down the track, he bowls it a little wider, but gautam adjusts to push it to sweeper cover;
19.4;1;Krejza to Kohli, 1 run turning on leg stump, whipped away to fine leg;
19.3;?;Krejza to Kohli, no run worked away in front of midwicket, cannot get the single;
19.2;1;Krejza to Gambhir, 1 run almost gets him, looks to work a fuller one against the turn, and the leading edge goes in the air, but between cover and point;
19.1;1;Krejza to Kohli, 1 run Krejza is yet to find the proper length on this track, another shortish one is whipped away through midwicket;
18.6;1;Tait to Kohli, 1 run another one on the pads at 148.7 kph, Kohli shuffles and whips it away to Mitch at fine leg;
18.5;1;Tait to Gambhir, 1 run backs away, and goes for the cut to a shortish one, but not much power in the shot, and gets it down to third man on the bounce;
18.5;1nb;Tait to Gambhir, (no ball) lets one go outside off stump, Tait has overstepped this time, free hit coming up;
18.4;1;Tait to Kohli, 1 run gets off the mark with a flick to fine leg off the pads;
18.3;?;Tait to Kohli, no run this one zooms in for Kohli's throat, he has to hurry out of harm;s way, got in to some tangle but managed to back away in the end;
18.2;?;Tait to Kohli, no run right forward in defence to the length ball outside off;
18.1;W;Tait to Tendulkar, OUT Sachin is gone, or is he, is that a back foot no-ball, it was a length ball outside off stump, and he nibbled it on its way to Haddin, it was very close to being a no-ball, but Tait got away with it, he hadn't grounded the back heel on the line, Sachin has to walk back;Sachin Tendulkar c ?Haddin b Tait 53 (93m 68b 7x4 0x6) SR: 77.94;
17.6;?;Krejza to Gambhir, no run better, fuller and played out on the off side;
17.5;4;Krejza to Gambhir, FOUR runs this time he is not getting away with the short ball, Gambhir is quick to latch on to the pull and dismiss it through midwicket;
17.4;1;Krejza to Tendulkar, 1 run one more short ball to Sachin, he swivels, twirls the bat as he launches in to the pull to deep midiwicket;
17.3;1;Krejza to Gambhir, 1 run more turn, but outside off, going further away, cut to sweeper cover;
17.2;1;Krejza to Tendulkar, 1 run short ball, turning in, pulled away to deep midwicket;
17.1;1;Krejza to Gambhir, 1 run and right away Gautam is down the track and lofts him inside out towards sweeper cover;
16.6;1;Tait to Gambhir, 1 run gets some width outside off stump and flashes the full-blooded cut, too bad he gets only a single to third man for that;
16.6;1w;Tait to Gambhir, 1 wide Haddin goes full stretch to his right to take a 148.4 kph screamer that Tait had bowled down the leg side;
16.5;1;Tait to Tendulkar, 1 run how is he reading these short deliveries, he was into position right away, it was banged in, and he unfurled the smoothest of pulls, down to deep square leg, got right outside the line as he did that;
16.4;?;Tait to Tendulkar, no run 148.5 kph Tait is looking to fire them in full and on the stumps, he gets behind the line again and pushes down the track;
16.3;?;Tait to Tendulkar, no run this time he is neatly behind the line of a length ball, loud defensive crack of the bat;
16.2;?;Tait to Tendulkar, no run 140.2 kph ball that stops on Sachin, he is sucked in to the drive, bat turns in his hands, and the ball rolls to mid off;
16.1;2;Tait to Tendulkar, 2 runs gets to the half-century with a delicious flick off the pads, deep square leg comes charging to his right and saves the boundary, picks up the ball and relays it to fine leg who throws the ball in;
16.1;1w;Tait to Tendulkar, 1 wide and right away slings this one down the leg side;
15.6;1;Lee to Tendulkar, 1 run Sachin survives, how did he manage that, he backed away initially before deciding to late cut in the air, the ball looped slowly to Krejza at third man, he looked to have it covered, maybe was a bit slow in coming forward, maybe lost it in the lights, dropped just short of him;
15.5;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run full toss outside off stump, Sachin punches to mid off;
15.4;1;Lee to Gambhir, 1 run punches at a length ball outside off and gets it down to third man;
15.4;1w;Lee to Gambhir, 1 wide now he bangs one in from round the wicket, and Gambhir lets it go down the leg side;
15.3;?;Lee to Gambhir, no run Gambhir is looking very edgy, nervy, tentative, pushes at one that goes off the edge perilously close to the stumps, bounces past them in the end;
15.2;1;Lee to Tendulkar, 1 run whipped away off the pads to fine leg, easily done;
15.1;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run 157.1 kph short ball, Sachin is caught in two minds, decides to weave away first, then tries to send it over the keeper with a late dab, but misses, Lee smiles;
14.6;?;Watson to Gambhir, no run Gautam is living on the edge literally, fortunately he is not nicking these deliveries that are beating him outside off stump, another one is angled across and he decided to have a loose waft;
14.5;1;Watson to Tendulkar, 1 run guided to third man off the back foot, that was wide outside off stump;
14.4;1;Watson to Gambhir, 1 run pushes a fuller one towards mid off, and rushes for the single, looked very tight initially, but he managed it comfortably in the end;
14.3;?;Watson to Gambhir, no run gets it to cut away from leg stump, and Gautam defends calmly off the back foot;
14.2;?;Watson to Gambhir, no run now he gets in to a tangle as he looks to work away a fullish delivery, rolls away down the track;
14.1;4;Watson to Gambhir, FOUR runs Gautam charges down the track for that lofted shot over extra cover, and gets it off the middle of the blade, loud crack as it flies over the off side infield;
13.6;1;Lee to Gambhir, 1 run gets one where he likes it, fullish on the pads and right away flicks it in front of square;
13.5;1;Lee to Tendulkar, 1 run and there is the 18,000th run to loud cheers, he gets out to a length ball and pushes it to sweeper cover, 18,000, ridiculously massive;
13.4;1;Lee to Gambhir, 1 run Lee gives him the shorter one, and he stands beside the line to guide it past the slips;
13.3;?;Lee to Gambhir, no run decides to have a go at a fuller delivery that shapes away late and is beaten again, was in no position for the drive, lucky he did not get an edge;
13.2;?;Lee to Gambhir, no run gets forward and tries to drive a fuller delivery, but cannot time it;
13.1;?;Lee to Gambhir, no run and right away beats Gautam with a 147.7 kph length ball from round the stumps that Gautam decides to have a poke at;
12.6;?;Watson to Tendulkar, no run Watson is bowling some canny stuff here, another buzzing offcutter than gives Sachin the illusion of room before curving in, and he inside edges the on-the-knee steer onto the pads.;
12.5;?;Watson to Tendulkar, no run offcutter coming in from outside off, Sachin belatedly looks to whip through mid on, but finds the fielder;
12.4;?;Watson to Tendulkar, no run ooh, nice offcutter from Watson comes in sharply as Sachin looks to push the front pad outside the line. He is rapped on the move, but outside the line. Not given. Not referred.;
12.3;1;Watson to Gambhir, 1 run Gambhir looks to drive from the crease to a length ball and ends up getting a nervy inside edge past the leg stump.;
12.2;1;Watson to Tendulkar, 1 run bouncer outside off, Sachin seemed to know it a year in advance, moving across to off stump and hanging back in the crease. He rolls his wrists and plays the pull down to deep midwicket;
12.1;?;Watson to Tendulkar, no run over-pitched on off, Sachin times the straight drive well and Watson does well to field on his follow through;
11.6;1;Johnson to Tendulkar, 1 run ominous timing from Sachin. Length ball outside off, Sachin moves the front foot into position and brings the bat down in the smoothest of arcs, bisecting the covers. Good thing for Australia there was protection in the deep;
11.5;?;Johnson to Tendulkar, no run fuller length outside off, Sachin lets it go;
11.4;2;Johnson to Tendulkar, 2 runs not a very good ball, short and angling into the pads, Sachin nurdles it off the pads through backward square leg. Lee runs back from the circle to cut off the boundary.;
11.3;?;Johnson to Tendulkar, no run fuller and on middle stump, Sachin defends from the crease, cautiously;
11.2;4;Johnson to Tendulkar, FOUR runs Sachin is bettering himself. He again makes the pace and room as Johnson keeps one on a length just outside off. Sachin steers it with the dexterity you would associate with Michael Shumacher in Monaco. Top shot, beats point. Beats third man.;
11.1;4;Johnson to Tendulkar, FOUR runs Sachin plays the shot of the evening. Length ball on middle and angling across Sachin, who walks into position and whips it on the trot through midwicket.;
10.6;?;Watson to Gambhir, no run What's this going to be? Ponting takes a low dipping catch diving forward from square leg. Is it a bump ball? He says he doesn't know. It is being referred. Short ball, aimed at Gambhir's ribs but not much pace on it. Gambhir can't keep the nudge to the leg side down. It pops up, Ponting comes forward and dives forward. Oh, that's clearly bounced. Good old one-pitch catch. In gully cricket, Gambhir would have been out. Ponting might not have known, he was diving full length forward with the hands well in front.;
10.6;1w;Watson to Gambhir, 1 wide Watson sprays one well down the leg side and it is called a wide;
10.5;1;Watson to Tendulkar, 1 run Sachin hangs back on the crease to a back of a length ball outside off and guides in front of point for a single;
10.4;?;Watson to Tendulkar, no run another outside edge. Watson sends in a dobbler that nips away at 126 kph, and Sachin looks to open the face and steer. The legcutter takes the outside edge, but lands well short of slip.;
10.3;2;Watson to Tendulkar, 2 runs over-pitched on the pads at 129 kph, Sachin tickles it away off the toes through square leg for a couple more.;
10.2;?;Watson to Tendulkar, no run back of a length on the pads, Sachin turns it away to the leg side quietly;
10.1;?;Watson to Tendulkar, no run Watson keeps things tight. Full on off, Sachin drives firmly back down the track and Watson fields well on his follow through. Gambhir was backing up a long way.;
9.6;1;Johnson to Tendulkar, 1 run India have 50, nudging a length ball on middle and leg towards midwicket for a single;
9.5;?;Johnson to Tendulkar, no run fuller length well wide of off stump, Sachin goes down on a knee to play the square drive. Played into the turf, and an acrobatic stop by the man at short point. Bump ball. Doesn't fool too many people, but it fooled Ravi Shastri on air.;
9.4;?;Johnson to Tendulkar, no run a feeler for the outside edge, 141 kph and dangled well wide, with a widish slip waiting. Sachin leaves, and is disappointed that it's not been wided.;
9.3;?;Johnson to Tendulkar, no run another front foot push from Sachin, he gets half forward to a length ball and plays sedately down the track;
9.2;?;Johnson to Tendulkar, no run fuller and angling across at decent pace, Sachin gets onto the front foot and pushes into the covers;
9.1;?;Johnson to Tendulkar, no run whanged in on leg stump, short of a length and Sachin looks to whip around the corner. He can't get it away.;
8.6;?;Watson to Gambhir, no run nervy start from Gambhir. Looks to leave a back of length ball outside off as he stays rooted on the crease. Late decision to leave, the ball hits the face of the bat before he can drag it away, but the shot doesn't carry to the keeper;
8.5;1;Watson to Tendulkar, 1 run Sachin pinches a single, tapping a length ball outside off with an angled face to point. Direct hit comes in, but they complete the single in time.;
8.4;?;Watson to Tendulkar, no run lets the next one go outside off, fuller length and Sachin shoulders arms.;
8.3;4;Watson to Tendulkar, FOUR runs Sachin's timed a cover drive so well that Lee from mid off gives up the chase. Slower ball, over-pitched outside off, Sachin gets the front foot gingerly into line and coaxes it through the covers. Narendra Modi, in the stands, (google for more info), applauds.;
8.2;?;Watson to Tendulkar, no run length ball outside off, Sachin looks to play back and steer, but can't get it away;
8.1;W;Watson to Sehwag, OUT Sehwag is gone. He hasn't looked his best through this innings. Watson has got him with a bouncer that wasn't very high on pace, but was spot on with its direction. It angled in from outside off, cramping Sehwag for room as it came in, but he still looked to pull. The top edge ballooned up and landed in Hussey's hands at square leg, running back inside the circle. Huge wicket for Australia. I reckon, the huger one is at the other end though.;Virender Sehwag c Hussey b Watson 15 (46m 22b 2x4 0x6) SR: 68.18;
7.6;?;Johnson to Tendulkar, no run over-pitched outside off at 144 kph and for once, Sachin mistimes a drive. Inside edged back down the track.;
7.5;?;Johnson to Tendulkar, no run fuller length on off stump, compact defence from Sachin towards mid off;
7.4;4;Johnson to Tendulkar, FOUR runs pulled away. Emphatically. That's not been pulled, as much as yanked and shoved away. 146 kph bouncer, Sachin is so early into position that he plays it from middle and off line through the gap between midwicket and mid on.;
7.3;?;Johnson to Tendulkar, no run oho, 144 kph length ball outside off, Sachin looks to steer and it stays low. He crouches in a hurry, but the ball whizzes through to the keeper, under the bat;
7.2;?;Johnson to Tendulkar, no run full on off stump and angling across, Sachin gets the full face behind it and drives to mid off;
7.1;?;Johnson to Tendulkar, no run short cover in business. Sachin doesn't get completely across into the cover drive, and plays it a touch uppishly to short cover.;
6.6;1;Watson to Tendulkar, 1 run 134 kph, back of a length outside off and cutting into Sachin who makes room and powers the back foot drive wide of point. They think of two today, but no luck.;
6.5;?;Watson to Tendulkar, no run full and angled into the pads, Sachin flicks straight to wide mid on;
6.4;4;Watson to Tendulkar, FOUR runs many a slip between cup and lip, but none standing next to Haddin. Watson's slow legcutter gets Sachin's outside edge as he drives away from the body. The ball goes agonisingly far enough from Haddin. No slips to take it.;
6.3;?;Watson to Tendulkar, no run over-pitched on off stump, Sachin leans into a square drive and finds point. Good timing, but the placement wasn't there.;
6.2;?;Watson to Tendulkar, no run short of a length just outside off, Sachin again gets across to off stump and defends;
6.1;1;Watson to Sehwag, 1 run length ball at 131 kph, the drop in pace is telling. Sehwag whips off the pads through midwicket for a single;
5.6;?;Johnson to Tendulkar, no run back of a length, wide outside off, Sachin lets it go to the keeper;
5.5;?;Johnson to Tendulkar, no run back of a length on off stump, Sachin gets half across and defends down the track again.;
5.4;3;Johnson to Sehwag, 3 runs Sehwag cashes in on the first loose ball from Mitch. Length ball, curving in and ending on the pads, Sehwag whips through midwicket for three. Lee hares after it, slides and saves the fourth.;
5.3;?;Johnson to Sehwag, no run back of a length, Sehwag again hangs back and defends down the track;
5.3;1w;Johnson to Sehwag, 1 wide I might have spoken too early. Mitch whangs a wide down the leg side;
5.2;?;Johnson to Sehwag, no run good start from Mitch. The good Mitch has turned up, by the looks of it. 139 kph and no room to do anything. Sehwag politely pats to mid on from the crease.;
5.1;?;Johnson to Sehwag, no run ooh, whips in an inducker on middle at 138 kph and Sehwag looks to flick from the crease. Inside edge onto the pad.;
4.6;2;Lee to Tendulkar, 2 runs width to end the over, Sachin's timing is ominous as he opens the face and steers backward of point. That speeds away almost for four, until Johnson comes in the way running in from third man and sliding.;
4.5;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run full and straight at 149 kph, Sachin punches to mid off;
4.4;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run aha, interesting movements from Sachin. He seemed to be setting himself for the cut, late or square, but Lee did not give him that much width, though he was short at 138 kph. Sachin slaps it without timing to cover;
4.3;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run fuller at 143 kph, looks to get Sachin driving and he punches with accomplishment straight to mid on;
4.2;1;Lee to Sehwag, 1 run another good ball, Sehwag plays a short ball at 137 kph off the back foot to midwicket and gets a single;
4.1;1;Lee to Tendulkar, 1 run Lee has Sachin where he wants him - at the non-striker's end. Short ball, hustling into Sachin at 143 kph and he tucks it through the now vacant leg gully for one;
3.6;?;Tait to Sehwag, no run 150.3 kph bumper to end the over. Sehwag hops back, rides the bounce and defends it with comfort rarely associated with Indian batsmen, to the off side;
3.5;?;Tait to Sehwag, no run over-pitched on off stump at 147 kph. Too full for Sehwag to get under and time the drive, he plays it off the lower end of the bat into the covers;
3.4;?;Tait to Sehwag, no run back of a length, Sehwag plays from the crease and defends down the track;
3.3;4;Tait to Sehwag, FOUR runs whiplash. Tait sprays a length ball on the pads. Normal batsmen would have glanced this behind square, and Lee at fine leg would have kept it to a single. Sehwag, on the other hand, motors the wrists into action and keeps it in front of square. Lee has no chance.;
3.3;1w;Tait to Sehwag, 1 wide Tait's direction is conspicuous by its absence. Another wide down the leg side.;
3.2;?;Tait to Sehwag, no run can't believe I got that wrong! Sehwag ducks under the free hit. He backs away to the leg side, Tait follows him with a bouncer and Sehwag can't do anything.;
3.2;1nb;Tait to Sehwag, (no ball) uh oh, Tait bowls a pretty good bouncer but he's over stepped. Sehwag ducked under this one. He won't duck under the next one.;
3.1;?;Tait to Sehwag, no run full length ball outside off, Sehwag doesn't really come forward as he drives powerfully to wide mid off;
2.6;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run good searching delivery to end the over, 146.6 kph away seamer outside off, but Sachin shoulders arms;
2.5;1;Lee to Sehwag, 1 run nice ball, well played. Short and aimed at Sehwag's ribs at 143 kph, he hangs back, rides the bounce and taps it to the leg side past the leg gully for a single;
2.4;1;Lee to Tendulkar, 1 run not in control this time. Lee gets this one to bounce extra as Sachin cuts and he plays uppishly backward if point for a single. The top hand came off in an attempt to control that.;
2.3;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run draws him out with a full delivery at 146 kph on off stump, Sachin leans into a drive but ends up playing it back down the track.;
2.2;1;Lee to Sehwag, 1 run 144 kph, and slanting into the pads, Sehwag tucks it away backward of the man at leg gully for a single;
2.1;1;Lee to Tendulkar, 1 run ahem, length ball on off stump, Sachin pushes into the covers and takes off. Sehwag takes around a year to make the single.;
1.6;1;Tait to Tendulkar, 1 run ends with another wide and short ball, it was so wide Sachin could not middle the cut. He under-edges it to third man, and looks at the bat.;
1.5;?;Tait to Tendulkar, no run this is a family site, so I won't say what Tait just told Tendulkar. The ball was fine though - hustling Sachin with a mean bouncer, Sachin just got under it and let it go.;
1.4;?;Tait to Tendulkar, no run Tait gets one on the spot, back of a length outside off and jumping up into Sachin's blade as he pushes off the front foot;
1.4;1w;Tait to Tendulkar, 1 wide 149 kph. The pace is up, but the direction is still a little awry. Very wide outside off and called.;
1.3;?;Tait to Tendulkar, no run aha, Tait gets one back, slips a pacy short of length ball outside off. Sachin looks to cut and misses. Tait tells him what he thinks about it.;
1.2;4;Tait to Tendulkar, FOUR runs deja vu. The last time I saw Tendulkar do this in a World Cup was 2003. Centurion. Against one Shoaib Akhtar. Tait is just as fast. The ball is going just as fast. Short ball outside off. Sachin gets under it and upper cuts it almost all the way to the third man fence.;
1.2;1w;Tait to Tendulkar, 1 wide bad start. Tait wides down the leg side.;
1.1;4;Tait to Tendulkar, FOUR runs No first-ball four for Sehwag. Who cares. First ball four for the other guy, what's his name. Tait begins with a gentle 134 kph loosener outside off. Mistake. Lands back of a length and gives him width outside off. The little man stays put, gets half across, opens the face and convinces the ball to roll along to the point boundary. Class.;
0.6;?;Lee to Sehwag, no run Australia review a caught behind appeal that was turned down. Monster away seamer from Lee, he's doing Shane Warne at 145 kph. Lands on middle and off stump, short of a length, Sehwag looks to play back and is groping inside the line as the ball nips off. Did he edge it? He moved his back foot across to cover the line and the ball moved away so much, it missed the pad as well. Haddin collected and appealed. Replays don't suggest an edge. Watson and Hussey indicated as much. Ponting went for the review immediately. Lee's appeal was a little start-stop. Lots of replays. Nothing conclusive. They are taking their time over this one. Given not out in the end. Right decision, by the looks of it.;
0.5;?;Lee to Sehwag, no run gets away with this one. Seemed like it deserved to be wided. 147 kph from Lee. Who says he is old! Short and wide, Sehwag looks to upper cut and misses.;
0.4;?;Lee to Sehwag, no run angles in from around middle and off, Sehwag plays back out to mid on;
0.3;4;Lee to Sehwag, FOUR runs Motera is a blur on my TV screen. 147 kph, length ball outside off. Sehwag stays exactly where he is and bludgeons on the up through the covers. Lee has a half smile. Watson in the slips looks flustered. Sehwag quietly taps the pitch. The crowd roars.;
0.3;1w;Lee to Sehwag, 1 wide half an appeal as Lee looks to squeeze Sehwag down the leg side. Clips the thigh, but wrongly called a wide;
0.2;?;Lee to Sehwag, no run hohho! 143 kph and late swing on a full ball on leg stump, Sehwag looks to flick and gets a leading edge down the track. Lee collects and lines up a throw. Sehwag hurries back into the crease;
0.1;?;Lee to Sehwag, no run no four! Mini-victory for Lee. Sehwag stands back and punches a length ball to mid on.;

Sachin and Sehwag are out there. Motera is abuzz. Lee has the ball. Sehwag faces. 5 first-balls went for 4s. What about the sixth? Two slips.
Abhishek is on the Chatterbox module, so those of you keen on getting your views across do head across there. Here, it is myself, Nitin Sundar, until the first drinks break.
Dhruv: "Even Kenya made 261 against Australia. IndoPak time in Mohali folks." Aha. That was a complete different pitch. The optimism is appreciated though.
Gocho from London: "Munaf's ordinary performance today should hopefully get sreesanth a 2nd chance (against Pak). Oh, did I say I was an optimist?" Always, the eternal optimist!
In the meantime, do pop across to our Facebook page and 'Like' us. Also, updates at the speed of light (faster than this commentary) on our Twitter feed at @ESPNcricinfo. Though, the weight of this match seems to be bringing Twitter down too.
The delicious chase should begin in five minutes or so. Sachin and Sehwag v Lee-Tait-Johnson. This should be fun!
 Innings Start
Australia
India
2nd Quarter-Final (D/N), Ahmedabad, Mar 24 2011, ICC Cricket World Cup
260/6
261/5
Player of the match is Yuvraj Singh, INDIA
India won by 5 wickets (with 14 balls remaining)
