Data
12.45pm Tabraiz Shamsi: It is a good feeling, and hopefully we win this one as well. The main thing is pitching in line with the stumps and the surface does the rest. Australia is a quality side, our bowlers did a great job. We should be able to chase it down."
SA rested three-first choice bowlers but still wiped out Australia for 167 in 36.4 overs. Abbott led the way with the new ball before Shamsi, the left-arm wristspinner, took over and ended with career-best returns of 3 for 36. The story could have been worse for the visitors if not for fifities from Wade and Marsh. We'll be back soon for the chase.
Maksood: "6 LBWs. 5 to Spinners." --- Shami identified accuracy was important on this surface
Muddasar: "What a day to have in Cricket, Kohli (200+), Rahane (188), India 550+ while BD 117/5 and Austrailia 167/10. Eventful day."
Shalom: "Will Tremain do a Mitch Johnson today? Mitch used to always fed off his batting performance while bowling. Also, I agree that Aussies have been poor during this series. Kudos to South Africa."
36.4;W;Phangiso to Boland, OUT Phangiso strikes the pad, again! Draws another leg-before appeal. The bowler isn't sure. Qdk insists on a review, and Faf goes for it. Inside edge? Replays show pad first! Tossed up full, drifts in. Straightens enough. It would have hit middle. Australia have been dismissed for 167;Scott Boland lbw b Phangiso 0 (3m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
36.3;?;Phangiso to Boland, no run pitched up on off, defended;
36.2;?;Phangiso to Boland, no run skids fast on middle, run back to the bowler from the crease;
36.1;W;Phangiso to Wade, OUT Phangiso belts out an appeal for lbw, it's given! Wade wants a review, more out of hope rather than conviction. He's also Australia's last hope. Pushed through from over the wicket, starts outside off, and spins in. Wade goes low for the sweep and misses. Struck on the thigh in line with the stumps. The tracker shows it would hit the leg stump;Matthew Wade lbw b Phangiso 52 (96m 58b 5x4 2x6) SR: 89.65;
35.6;?;Pretorius to Tremain, no run shortens his length on middle, camps back and blocks back to the bowler;
35.5;?;Pretorius to Tremain, no run good length and homing in on off, played back to the bowler on the front foot;
35.4;2;Pretorius to Tremain, 2 runs shortish on off, pulled through backward square leg for a couple;
35.3;4;Pretorius to Tremain, FOUR runs good length and outside off, drives away from the body and sends an outside edge fine on the off side, third man was rather square;
35.2;1;Pretorius to Wade, 1 run Wade paddle-sweeps this length ball to fine leg;
35.1;6;Pretorius to Wade, SIX runs Wade reaches his half-century with a six. He dares to race at Pretorious. He pulled his length back, but the batsman still slap-pulled it over square leg;
34.6;?;Shamsi to Tremain, no run hangs it in the air outside off, blocked on the front foot. Well done, Shamsi. Finishes with career-best returns of 3-36;
34.5;?;Shamsi to Tremain, no run he sits back to this full ball on middle and dabs to extra-cover;
34.4;?;Shamsi to Tremain, no run slower through the air outside off, blocked on the front foot. Good, confident stride from Tremain;
34.3;?;Shamsi to Tremain, no run flighted on off, plants his front leg down the line and pushes it back to Shamsi;
34.2;?;Shamsi to Tremain, no run tossed up and spins in, deflected square through the leg side, more off the inside half;
34.1;?;Shamsi to Tremain, no run good-length ball, breaking into the leg stump, hangs back and helps it to short fine leg;
31.6;6;Abbott to Wade, SIX runs Wade mows a six finally! Shortish on the leg stump, Wade sizes this up and launches it over FB into the stands beyond deep backward square leg. FB leapt to his left, stretched his left hand, but the ball evaded him;
31.5;?;Abbott to Wade, no run and again! Wade pre-meditates again. Rushes down the track. The bowler alters his length - drags it short - he can't connect with the leg-side mow again;
31.4;?;Abbott to Wade, no run length and angling away outside off, shoots low, beats the wild swipe from Wade;
31.3;1;Abbott to Tremain, 1 run short and outside off, waits and glides a single to third man;
31.2;?;Abbott to Tremain, no run pretty full on off, Tremain plants his front foot down and lashes it back to the bowler;
31.1;1;Abbott to Wade, 1 run slinks down the track, meets a half-volley and clouts it down the ground to mid-off. Faf nimbly moves to his right and dives to stop the ball;
30.6;1;Shamsi to Wade, 1 run Wade succeeds now, sweeping a single to short fine leg;
30.5;?;Shamsi to Wade, no run how did that miss the off stump? Phew! Shami has his hands on his head. Looped up, turns slightly, Wade pre-meditated a sweep, and lost his shape. Beaten;
30.4;1;Shamsi to Tremain, 1 run pushed through full and outside off, front-foot drive to long-off;
30.3;?;Shamsi to Tremain, no run slides on middle, blocked from the crease with a straight bat;
30.2;2;Shamsi to Tremain, 2 runs straight delivery on middle, Tremain goes low, and unfurls a sweep of his own. Guided to long leg;
30.2;1w;Shamsi to Tremain, 1 wide breaking down the leg side, draws the batsman forward and beats him. Leg-side wide;
30.1;1;Shamsi to Wade, 1 run rolls his wrists, the sweep is Wade's safety blanket. He takes it from outside off and hits to deep midwicket;
33.6;4;Pretorius to Wade, FOUR runs good length and outside off, Wade attacks it. Goes against the angle and kerplunks it over mid-on for a boundary;
33.5;?;Pretorius to Wade, no run he rolls his fingers across the offcutter, dips under the swing of Wade en route to the keeper. Beaten;
33.4;1;Pretorius to Tremain, 1 run length and outside off, opens the face and glides a single to third man. Australia get to 150;
33.4;1w;Pretorius to Tremain, 1 wide dragged down the leg side, wide;
33.3;?;Pretorius to Tremain, no run pitched up and angled in, shuffled across and poked towards the midwicket region;
33.2;?;Pretorius to Tremain, no run full and angled in, the bat comes down at an angle as well. Defended towards midwicket;
33.1;1;Pretorius to Wade, 1 run pitched up and angling away outside off, driven to mid-off, where the fielder fumbles and gives a single;
32.6;?;Shamsi to Tremain, no run slides on quicker on the stumps, blocked out;
32.5;4;Shamsi to Tremain, FOUR runs Tremain gives it a good ol' thump! Down the track, meets the pitch of this full ball and hits it down the ground for four;
32.4;?;Shamsi to Tremain, no run skidding across the right-hander, much quicker and flatter. Blocked;
32.3;6;Shamsi to Tremain, SIX runs sees some air on middle, goes low, and slog-sweeps over square leg;
32.2;?;Shamsi to Tremain, no run slower and spins into the right-hander, defended;
32.1;?;Shamsi to Tremain, no run flighted and full on middle, played back to the bowler;
29.6;2;Abbott to Tremain, 2 runs full and on off and middle, Tremain whips it in the gap between midwicket and mid-on;
29.5;?;Abbott to Tremain, no run presses forward and taps this length ball from outside off to the covers;
29.4;?;Abbott to Tremain, no run back of a length and on a fourth-stump line, blocked back towards the bowler;
29.3;?;Abbott to Tremain, no run back of a length and outside off, pushed down the ground to mid-off;
29.2;W;Abbott to Zampa, OUT bowled 'em! The off stump is floored. What a sight for a fast bowler! Good-length ball angled into the right-hander. Then straightens and beats the skittish waft of Zampa. Abbott barges into Zampa's castle and takes him down. The batsman was probably aiming to run the ball through vacant slip. No dice...;Adam Zampa b Abbott 5 (4m 4b 1x4 0x6) SR: 125;
29.1;4;Abbott to Zampa, FOUR runs good length ball on off, Zampa opens the face and threads the off-side field with a drive;
28.6;?;Shamsi to Wade, no run Wade presses forward and defends this well-flighted delivery on off stump;
28.5;?;Shamsi to Wade, no run much fuller on off, straight delivery, defended;
28.4;1;Shamsi to Zampa, 1 run loopier around off, opens the face and runs the ball towards cover-point;
28.3;?;Shamsi to Zampa, no run skids into the thigh, diverted behind to short fine leg;
28.2;W;Shamsi to Hastings, OUT Shamsi returns and strikes! Tossed up nicely and spins back into the right-hander. Hastings has a short stride as he looks to defend with a straight bat. He, however, looks to defend outside the line. Shami beats him on the inside and raps the front pad below the knee-roll in front of middle. The finger goes up, and Hastings knew he was gone. Din't bother to review. The tracker shows that it would take the leg stump!;John Hastings lbw b Shamsi 4 (5m 3b 1x4 0x6) SR: 133.33;
28.1;1;Shamsi to Wade, 1 run turns away outside off, slightly short, chopped to backward point;
27.6;?;Abbott to Hastings, no run good length and on off, right behind the line in defence;
27.5;4;Abbott to Hastings, FOUR runs back of a length and width outside off, 135ks, Hastings late-cuts it to the left of backward point, beat's third man's dive to his right. Excellent stroke. A+ for timing as well as placement;
27.4;W;Abbott to Marsh, OUT gone! Abbott returns to an impeccable length and line, and reaps a reward immediately. Massive wicket, massive moment in the game. Just goes slightly wide of the crease, a fuller than good length outside off. Marsh pokes and gets a thick outside edge to de Kock. Superb bowling. Big big breakthrough. Quality knock but could have done more;Mitchell Marsh c ?de Kock b Abbott 50 (101m 72b 5x4 1x6) SR: 69.44;
27.3;1;Abbott to Wade, 1 run isn't great bowling from Abbott after a lovely opening spell. Short down leg, pulled down to fine leg;
27.2;?;Abbott to Wade, no run good length on off, blocked;
27.1;4;Abbott to Wade, FOUR runs oh superb batting. Short on middle, sits up for Wade who pulls this behind square. Keeps it down, finds the gap. All requisites for boundary-scoring. Quality;
26.6;1;Phangiso to Wade, 1 run slow again on middle, worked down towards fine leg, one more;
26.5;?;Phangiso to Wade, no run darted on leg, nudged to fine leg;
26.4;?;Phangiso to Wade, no run slow outside off, pushed back;
26.3;1;Phangiso to Marsh, 1 run slow through the air, outside off, Marsh opens the face to steer a ball to deep cover to get to a vital fifty. Quality innings so far;
26.2;?;Phangiso to Marsh, no run full and flat, driven back again;
26.1;?;Phangiso to Marsh, no run flat on middle and leg, pushed back to the bowler. Hardly any turn;
25.6;?;Duminy to Wade, no run flight outside off, nice length. Wade blocks;
25.5;1;Duminy to Marsh, 1 run slower through the air, drags it back too. Worked to deep square leg;
25.4;1;Duminy to Wade, 1 run short and wide outside off, cut away easily to deep point;
25.3;1;Duminy to Marsh, 1 run flat on leg, marsh comes down and pushes to long-on;
25.2;1;Duminy to Wade, 1 run flight outside off, angles his bat at the last instant to find one through sweeper cover;
25.1;1;Duminy to Marsh, 1 run strays down leg, flicked away to deep midwicket;
24.6;?;Phangiso to Wade, no run another flat, short delivery outside off. Punched back;
24.5;?;Phangiso to Wade, no run flight outside off, blocked;
24.4;?;Phangiso to Wade, no run Wade comes down but Phangiso shortens the length, not near the pitch. Hits the pad;
24.3;?;Phangiso to Wade, no run flatter trajectory outside off, no turn. Wade goes back, plays it back;
24.2;?;Phangiso to Wade, no run flight outside off, a solid block;
24.1;1;Phangiso to Marsh, 1 run flat on off, pushed down the ground for a single;
23.6;1;Duminy to Marsh, 1 run more tripe. Short outside off, Marsh goes back and hammers his pull to deep midwicket, all along the ground. Rossouw at midwicket tries to field, but the ball hits his hand and goes through;
23.5;?;Duminy to Marsh, no run flatter delivery on middle and leg, played back;
23.4;?;Duminy to Marsh, no run slides on with the arm and beats the bat. Well bowled. Marsh played for some spin;
23.3;6;Duminy to Marsh, SIX runs absolutely no trouble in finding six once he got to the pitch. Runs down, gets there and just flicks the ball in the air. Whistles over the midwicket boundary;
23.2;1;Duminy to Wade, 1 run use of the feet, gets to the pitch and pushed down to long-on;
23.1;?;Duminy to Wade, no run flat delivery on off, no turn. Wade goes back and punches back to the bowler;
22.6;?;Phangiso to Marsh, no run almost goes through. A non-turning delivery on off, played back;
22.5;?;Phangiso to Marsh, no run flat again, Marsh goes back, pushes towards long-on but Faf gets across from midwicket;
22.4;1;Phangiso to Wade, 1 run shortish on off, Wade goes back and punches to long-on, good batting by these two;
22.3;1;Phangiso to Marsh, 1 run driven to long-off with the spin;
22.2;4;Phangiso to Marsh, FOUR runs oh my. Watch out. Flight outside off, Marsh hurries to the pitch with nimble footwork and does what he does best. Smashes it back with immense power. The bowler hurriedly takes his hands away;
22.1;1;Phangiso to Wade, 1 run flight on off, pushed down to long-on with the spin, easy single;
21.6;1;Phehlukwayo to Wade, 1 run bouncer on middle, Wade rides the bounce, keeps it down and finds one to fine leg;
21.5;4;Phehlukwayo to Wade, FOUR runs beautiful batting. Awesome stuff from Wade. Overpitched outside off, Wade times his cover drive, and finds the gap through cover.;
21.4;1;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, 1 run good length on middle, pushed down to long-on. Playing it nicely now is Marsh;
21.3;4;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, FOUR runs superb shot. Overpitched outside off, drilled down to the mid-off boundary. Uppish but safe. Nice batting;
21.2;?;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, no run short, back of a length and slow. Hammered off the back foot to mid-off;
21.1;2;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, 2 runs good batting. Full outside off, steered past point for a couple. Played that late;
20.6;1;Shamsi to Marsh, 1 run the googly. Picks it nicely, short and wide, cut to deep point;
20.5;?;Shamsi to Marsh, no run overpitched outside off, drilled to Amla at short mid-off;
20.4;1;Shamsi to Wade, 1 run no turn, slides on to Wade's inside edge. Almost gets through. One to square leg;
20.3;1;Shamsi to Marsh, 1 run another googly, but too slow, and too short. Marsh goes back and works to square leg;
20.2;?;Shamsi to Marsh, no run flatter outside off, hurriedly pushed to cover;
20.1;?;Shamsi to Marsh, no run another beauty. But not badly played. Played the off stump line. If the ball, turned back in, he has it covered. If it goes on, like it did, it beats the bat. Good batting.;
19.6;?;Phangiso to Wade, no run 90 ks, quick on middle, turned away to midwicket;
19.5;?;Phangiso to Wade, no run pushed towards midwicket, Phangiso gets across and fields;
19.4;4;Phangiso to Wade, FOUR runs nice stroke. Flat outside off, Wade goes back and punches this through cover. Pretorius labours after it, gets there but misses his attempt to pull the ball back. May have been surprised by the quickness of the outfield;
19.3;1;Phangiso to Marsh, 1 run tripe. A rank long-hop outside off. Marsh rocks back and looks to send it into the stands but keeps low and he can only drag a pull to deep midwicket;
19.2;1;Phangiso to Wade, 1 run that's a batter shot to this type of spin. Slow outside off, Wade gets low and helps a paddle sweep to fine leg. Safe;
19.1;1;Phangiso to Marsh, 1 run loads of flight on off, pushed down to long-on;
18.6;4;Shamsi to Wade, FOUR runs short and wide outside off, Wade chops a cut down to the third man boundary. May have got there a tad late but four the result.;
18.5;?;Shamsi to Wade, no run 77 kph, tossed up on off, another googly. Inside-halved to midwicket. Wade doing the right thing by keeping most out for now;
18.4;?;Shamsi to Wade, no run more flight, but this is the googly and is slightly short. Worked away to midwicket;
18.3;?;Shamsi to Wade, no run flight on middle and leg, solidly blocked;
18.2;?;Shamsi to Wade, no run the googly on middle and leg, Wade reads him off the pitch and nudges to midwicket. A long hard stare from Shamsi, Wade looks away;
18.1;1;Shamsi to Marsh, 1 run tossed up outside off, driven to long-off.;
17.6;?;Phehlukwayo to Wade, no run superb over. A maiden. Full outside off, smothered to mid-on off the inside half of the bat;
17.5;?;Phehlukwayo to Wade, no run good length outside off, may have taken some pace off the ball. Wade misses his cut.;
17.4;?;Phehlukwayo to Wade, no run nice shot. Good length outside off, a bit of width. Scythed but straight to Duminy at backward point;
17.3;?;Phehlukwayo to Wade, no run lovely channels on off, 137 kph. Nothing Wade can do but block. When he has been further up, Phehlukwayo has been good;
17.2;?;Phehlukwayo to Wade, no run;
17.1;?;Phehlukwayo to Wade, no run 127 kph, full and straight, gets this to come back. Blocked;
16.6;?;Shamsi to Marsh, no run beautiful end. Gets this to slide past Marsh's tentative outside edge, hits him on the pad, but umpire's call oin impact with stumps. A bit of a muted appeal there;
16.5;1;Shamsi to Wade, 1 run flat outside off, punched to long-on. Wade almost shoulder-charges into Shamsi. Absolutely no reason for that. Left his elbow hanging out;
16.4;?;Shamsi to Wade, no run darts this flat outside off, steered to point;
16.3;2;Shamsi to Wade, 2 runs a bit of a streaky stroke. A wristspinner will always extract extra bounce because of the additional revs imparted on the ball. As a result, that sweep stroke os fraught with risk. Top edged to backward square leg, on the bounce;
16.2;1;Shamsi to Marsh, 1 run the wrong 'un this time outside off. Marsh hurries back and punches a drive to long-off;
16.1;?;Shamsi to Marsh, no run flatter and quicker on middle, Marsh goes back and works to midwicket;
15.6;1;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, 1 run overly full outside off again, a nice drive to deep cover for a run;
15.5;1;Phehlukwayo to Wade, 1 run too straight, drifts down leg and clipped down to fine leg to get off the mark;
15.4;?;Phehlukwayo to Wade, no run bouncer, good change-up, well directed too. Wade gets underneath;
15.3;?;Phehlukwayo to Wade, no run good length on off, worked to midwicket;
15.2;1;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, 1 run full and wide outside off, smashed to the sweeper cover.;
15.1;?;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, no run good length outside off, tapped to point.;
14.6;W;Shamsi to Head, OUT one more! Shamsi has two in three. Another one for SA. Head has a chat with his partner and opts not to review. Australia in tatters now. Another orthodox delivery, flat on off. The ball spins a touch and beats Head's outside edge to strike him in front of off. Was there too much spin? Would it have been umpire's call? Head did not pick either delivery. Australia have been left befuddled by a few deliveries that have moved, similar to their troubles against spin in Sri Lanka. This ain't looking good now. All reds on hawkeye, good call not to review;Travis Head lbw b Shamsi 0 (2m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
14.5;?;Shamsi to Head, no run ah, beauty. Flight outside off, this one spins and beats the outside edge. Hands on heads;
14.4;W;Shamsi to Smith, OUT quite close. Big appeal, but too much doubt, I'd say. Faf and his close fielders have a chat, and he decides to review. Nice flight outside off from Shamsi, it turns back in and hits Smith in front of off. This could be closer than I thought initially. No bat. Umpire's call? rRemember, there is a new lbw protocol. in force. Those new lbw rules aren't needed because it struck him in front of off and hits off and middle. All reds on hawkeye. The umpire overturns his decision. The key to that lbw was just a little bit of spin that helped the ball turn past Smith's bat. He played forward, but just missed it. A bit of movement does for another Australia batsman.;Steven Smith lbw b Shamsi 21 (61m 36b 2x4 0x6) SR: 58.33;
14.3;?;Shamsi to Smith, no run overpitched outside off, googly. Skewed to cover with the direction of spin;
14.2;1;Shamsi to Marsh, 1 run lots of flight outside off, overpitched. Smashed to long-off. Shouts of "caaatch" with short mid-off in place too;
14.1;?;Shamsi to Marsh, no run flat on middle, slow turn. Marsh stays back and has enough time to nudge to midwicket;
13.6;1;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, 1 run and now drifts down leg, worked to fine leg for a single;
13.5;4;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, FOUR runs short again and shot again. A bouncer that doesn't get up at all. Back of a length on off, Marsh doesn't go back, pulls through midwicket while on the front foot;
13.4;?;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, no run good comeback this from AP. Keeping it tight outside off, steers to point;
13.3;?;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, no run looks to go straight over the infield. Full on off, Marsh skews to midwicket. Just not a good shot on this surface. Definitely a slower pitch;
13.2;?;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, no run back of a length on middle, Marsh hangs back and punches to mid-on;
13.1;4;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, FOUR runs ah yes, shot. Not a good delivery on a slow surface. A short delivery on middle and leg, sits up for Marsh to pummel through midwicket with a cross-bat swat. Put away, just what you do when you're not fluent;
12.6;?;Shamsi to Smith, no run 84 kph, tossed up on middle and leg, a bit of spin, not extravagant. Shovelled to midwicket;
12.5;?;Shamsi to Smith, no run flights this one up on middle, pushed back to the bowler;
12.4;1;Shamsi to Marsh, 1 run persists with a quick pace. Flat outside off, pushed to cover. Angled bat, gets one;
12.3;?;Shamsi to Marsh, no run 81 ks, quick outside off, flies off the bat to cover. Sweet drive;
12.2;1;Shamsi to Smith, 1 run flatter, quicker, shorter on off. Smith remains calm and punches to deep cover for one;
12.1;?;Shamsi to Smith, no run flat down leg, 80 kph. Misses his flick does Smith and gets rapped on the pad. Throws his head back in disgust;
11.6;?;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, no run good length outside off, 135 kph. Pushed to point from the back foot;
11.5;1;Phehlukwayo to Smith, 1 run dhort delivery on off, sits up for Smith to swat to deep square leg. Rolled his wrists to keep it down;
11.4;1;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, 1 run nice drive. Rather full outside off, driven on the up to deep cover;
11.4;1w;Phehlukwayo to Marsh, 1 wide wanted to test the middle of the pitch, the first we have seen today. Bouncer down leg, tennis-ball bounce, loops over the batsman's head;
11.3;1;Phehlukwayo to Smith, 1 run good length on off, Smith shuffles across and works to backward square. Wants two but deep square leg is quick on it;
11.2;?;Phehlukwayo to Smith, no run 132 kph, full on off, nice drive back to the bowler. Full face of the bat. That movement from earlier has ceased;
11.1;?;Phehlukwayo to Smith, no run loosener to start, floats this one full at 135 kph. Smith defends;
10.6;?;Shamsi to Marsh, no run good variation but too short. Another googly, Marsh goes deep, may have read it off the pitch and punched to cover;
10.5;1;Shamsi to Smith, 1 run this man didn't though. Reads the wrong un and pushes to long-off. Superb player of spin;
10.4;1;Shamsi to Marsh, 1 run he'll be happy to get off strike. Absolutely struggled to SL's Lakshan Sanadakan in the Tests did Marsh. Drives this to mid-off;
10.3;?;Shamsi to Marsh, no run nice, 81 kph. Drags the length back, slightly shorter. Draws Marsh forward who somehow keeps it out;
10.2;1;Shamsi to Smith, 1 run too much flight this time, 101 kph. Overpitched and Smith creams his on-drive to long-on;
10.1;?;Shamsi to Smith, no run a lot of flight on middle, driven back to the bowler;
9.6;?;Pretorius to Marsh, no run back of a length on middle, blocked.;
9.5;?;Pretorius to Marsh, no run 132 kph outside off, drive to short mid-off. Marsh looks to hit that on the up but again mis-times it;
9.4;?;Pretorius to Marsh, no run slower offcutter on middle. Makes sure it's straight so if it goes wrong, it has to be a very good shot to get a boundary. it isn't wrong and so Marsh defends;
9.3;1;Pretorius to Smith, 1 run back of a length outside off, Smith goes across and nudges one to midwicket. Not a bad ball;
9.2;?;Pretorius to Smith, no run 135 kph, keeps a tad low again. Fullish on off, squeezed away to midwicket from the crease. Can't be tentative in footwork on this surface;
9.1;?;Pretorius to Smith, no run superb. Full on a fifth-stump line, which is the perfect channel to Smith. Defended;
8.6;?;Abbott to Marsh, no run 125 kph, a nice fluid drive to cover from marsh. These two starting to open up;
8.5;?;Abbott to Marsh, no run good length outside off, left alone by Marsh. Continuing those lines outside off;
8.4;?;Abbott to Marsh, no run 129 kph, fuller length outside off. Jammed into the off side;
8.3;1;Abbott to Smith, 1 run good length outside off, steered to third man with an angled face;
8.2;?;Abbott to Smith, no run immediately drags his length slightly back. Not over adjusted, just a tad. Full outside off, and defended;
8.1;4;Abbott to Smith, FOUR runs oh yes. Shot of the day. Aided and abetted by a filthy half-volley. Smith comes forward and creams his cover drive. Perfect;
7.6;?;Pretorius to Marsh, no run back of a length outside off, pushed towards cover from the back foot. Another tight over. Lovely start;
7.5;?;Pretorius to Marsh, no run rather full this time, sweetly-timed drive to a short mid-off. Amla dives, fields and elicits raucous wonder from the crowd;
7.4;?;Pretorius to Marsh, no run 131 kph, probably the first ball today that has gone to point, an indication of how accurate these opening bowlers have been. Good length outside off, cut to point;
7.3;?;Pretorius to Marsh, no run pushed towards mid-on with the full face;
7.2;?;Pretorius to Marsh, no run back of a length on middle, sits up for Marsh as he goes back and defends with his head right over the ball;
7.1;?;Pretorius to Marsh, no run dead straight. Full on middle, a neat straight drive hits the stumps at the other end;
6.6;4;Abbott to Smith, FOUR runs shot. To be fair to Abbott, it wasn't short enough to pull. But Smith had had enough of plodding about. Good length on off, he picks the length early and nails his cross-batted swat over square leg. No bother in trying to keep that down;
6.5;1;Abbott to Marsh, 1 run good length on middle, 135 kph. thick inside edge down to fine leg;
6.4;1;Abbott to Smith, 1 run 132 kph, nice lines to Smith: his off-stump channel which is slightly wide outside off. A thick outside edge to third man;
6.3;?;Abbott to Smith, no run extra bounce this time. Good length outside off, Smith shuffles across, looks to defend but some bounce takes the shoulder of Smith's bat. Wry smiles from both batsman and bowler;
6.2;?;Abbott to Smith, no run 131 kph, nice line outside off. Smith awkwardly pushes to mid-off. Seemed a premeditated front-foot movement;
6.1;?;Abbott to Smith, no run more signs of the slowness of the surface. Good length outside off, Smith tries to punch a drive through the covers but skews it to midwicket instead.;
5.6;?;Pretorius to Marsh, no run 132 kph, outside off and full. Defended. Just one off;
5.5;?;Pretorius to Marsh, no run very tight stuff from Pretorius. Nothing loose. Full and straight again, a checked muscular drive finds mid-on;
5.4;?;Pretorius to Marsh, no run 134 kph, fullish down leg, driven to mid-on;
5.3;?;Pretorius to Marsh, no run good length outside off, keeping it there. Left. No slips now.;
5.2;1;Pretorius to Smith, 1 run 131 kph, rather full again on middle and leg, a neat drive to mid-on, who is slightly deep.;
5.1;?;Pretorius to Smith, no run nice lines. Fuller than a good length outside off, pushed towards mid-off. Head over the ball;
4.6;?;Abbott to Marsh, no run beautiful shot. Overly full on off, a rare half volley. The full face of the bat offered by Marsh, straight back to Abbott who parries the ball to mid-on. Saved four in his follow-through;
4.5;?;Abbott to Marsh, no run 129 kph, back of a length outside off, may have moved away just a tad. Blocked to cover;
4.4;1;Abbott to Smith, 1 run good length on off, nudged down to fine leg for a run;
4.3;?;Abbott to Smith, no run lovely bowling, attacking Smith's pads and you won't hear that too often. Full on middle, the ball comes back. Smothered to short midwicket;
4.2;?;Abbott to Smith, no run 125 kph, the pace getting slower but the accuracy unerring. Full, straight and blocked to mid-on;
4.1;?;Abbott to Smith, no run back of a length on off, Smith shuffles across again and works to square leg. Got to watch for that late inswinger;
3.6;4;Pretorius to Marsh, FOUR runs poor ball. Drifts down leg and Marsh puts it away. A neat flick through square leg gets Marsh four;
3.5;?;Pretorius to Marsh, no run 131 kph, good length and straight. Defended to mid-on;
3.4;?;Pretorius to Marsh, no run 126 kph, full and straight. Marsh's feet stuck in the crease, defended;
3.3;?;Pretorius to Marsh, no run 128 kph, back of a length outside off, blocked.;
3.2;W;Pretorius to Bailey, OUT Bailey gone now. Australia in all sorts. Bailey doesn't review, and rightly so. Plumb in front. Good length on off and middle. Bailey sees the length and stays back, but should have come forward because of the variable bounce. It keeps low, jags back in and pins Bailey plumb in front. Didn't have much chance once he hung on that back foot;George Bailey lbw b Pretorius 1 (4m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 16.66;
3.1;?;Pretorius to Bailey, no run full on off, pushed to mid-off. Not much movement for Pretorius;
2.6;2;Abbott to Smith, 2 runs too straight to Smith. A good ball to most others. Back of a length on off or just outside. Smith shuffles across and flicks in the gap at midwicket for a couple;
2.5;1;Abbott to Bailey, 1 run 131 kph, good length outside off. A thick outside edge gets Bailey one down to third man;
2.4;?;Abbott to Bailey, no run 128.5 kph, full and straight, some nip back. Bailey blocks;
2.3;?;Abbott to Bailey, no run good length on off, high 120s. Comes back in, keeps low too. Defended;
2.2;?;Abbott to Bailey, no run full again, on middle and leg. 130.6 kph, not very pacey but naggingly accurate. Blocked;
2.1;W;Abbott to Warner, OUT one more. Abbott has another. What a jaffa. Australia's openers have been bowled in 13 balls. Continues to be full on off and middle, but this tails back exaggeratedly. Goes through a gap between bat and pad again, and disturbs the stumps. Warner visibly late in picking the movement. Superb start from Abbott.;David Warner b Abbott 6 (10m 5b 1x4 0x6) SR: 120;
1.6;1;Pretorius to Warner, 1 run a bit of a leading edge. 136 kph, down leg, gets a run to deep square;
1.5;?;Pretorius to Warner, no run brings this straighter, middle and leg on the same length. Worked to midwicket;
1.4;4;Pretorius to Warner, FOUR runs awesome stuff. Not a bad delivery at all. Back of a length on middle and off. He just backs away a touch to make some room and angle his bat to get the ball through extra cover. Just a punch for four.;
1.3;1;Pretorius to Smith, 1 run too straight this time, Smith walks across and tucks this down to fine leg. Out if he missed but he rarely misses;
1.2;?;Pretorius to Smith, no run 136 kph, these are good lengths, full again. Not a lot of swing and so Smith can easily block to mid-on;
1.1;1;Pretorius to Warner, 1 run wonderful batting from Warner. Rather full outside off, Warner checks his drive towards mid-off. Sees an opportunity for run and gets to the other end. A real classy single, something he has developed a lot since his finger injury;
0.6;?;Abbott to Smith, no run beautiful over. Lovely channels. Back of a length outside off, Smith goes back and gets his head over the ball to say that's enough for now.;
0.5;?;Abbott to Smith, no run brings it back again. Moving the ball both ways. Drags the length back a tad, Smith misses his flick and is struck high on the back leg.;
0.4;?;Abbott to Smith, no run full outside off, 136 kph. Lovely length, inviting some swing. Gets just enough away swing. Respectfully left;
0.3;W;Abbott to Finch, OUT bowled im. One down already. Too exuberant from Finch. But a beautiful delivery too. The perfect delivery to Finch, akin to Southee's ball against Finch in Auckland. Full, just outside off, and so Finch thinks he can hit on the up. But the ball jags back just enough to go through a massive gap between bat and pad. Sends the off stump for a walk. Magnificent start for SA.;Aaron Finch b Abbott 2 (1m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
0.2;2;Abbott to Finch, 2 runs straighter this time, full and straight, brings this back but Finch squeezes his drive to backward square leg for a couple.;
0.1;?;Abbott to Finch, no run short and wide from Abbott to start, a poor ball. Finch goes after his cut but chops it towards the keeper first up. Good stop by de Kock.;

9.58am Almost here for the start. Reckon it's advantage Australia with those personnel changes. An early wicket or two will return this game to deuce. Kyle Abbott has the ball. Warner and Finch, with a couple of slips in place.
Adrian Meredith: "@Spencer - it's what I've been saying since the squad was announced. The decision to rest Starc and Hazlewood for the home series showed the intent of the selectors in saying that they had already given up on this series before it started. "
9.50am Not quite sure what is a good score here today. 275-280 may as well be a winning total, but then again, 370 wasn't enough the other day. Expect Warner and Finch to come out with the same approach they usually employ.
Spencer : "Embarrassing and infuriating to see my national team participate in an international series with a deliberately-chosen B/C-class bowling line-up. This is taking the cricket-watching public for granted and treating international competition with contempt."
Plenty of cricket going on today, so you're not stuck with just me. Rahane and Kohli turning it on against New Zealand and Bangladesh aim to put their amateurish collapse behind them.
9.30am Steven Smith has won the toss and Australia will bat
Plenty of changes for SA. Behardien, Kyle Abbott, Phangiso and Tabraiz Shamsi come in for Miller, Steyn, Tahir and Rabada.
Australia: David Warner, Aaron Finch, Steven Smith, George Bailey, Mitch Marsh, Travis Head, Matthew Wade, John Hastings, Adam Zampa, Chris Tremain, Scott Boland
9.27am No problems with the weather today, it's a stunning day with the sun out. Not sure if Dale Steyn will play today. Let's find out.
RN: "bright sunny 33deg C - fridge well stocked with beer - hope the aussies emulate their rugby counterparts and get a win!!!"
9.15am David Miller has been ruled out of the match with a groin injury. With the series wrapped up, South Africa may consider resting some of their quicks as well.
Interesting to see what is done at the toss: with the early start, there could be plenty in it for the opening bowlers and with the slowness of the surface, you want to get your batting out of the way. I'd bowl first. Toss not too far away. Till then, here's Dan Brettig's preview.
9.00am The last time Australia lost four in a row was back in 2012. A South Africa team, not at their strongest, has the chance to do the same to an Australia team not at their strongest. Port Elizabeth is the venue for the fourth ODI as Australia head out seeking to find some respectability.
Another run-fest was witnessed in the previous game as David Miller and South Africa hunted down Australia's 370 with an ease that symbolised the direction in which ODI cricket is heading. Australia's bowlers have been in the spotlight since the series has begun, they were at Kingsmead too for the wrong reasons. However, they may be in for some respite a t aground that has traditionally suited spin and slower bowling. The boundaries are rather short though
 Innings Start
4.20pm Rossouw raises his bat, the crowd laps him up. Faf claps the batsmen off. SA rested as many as three first-choice bowlers, but still wiped out Australia for 167 inside 37 overs. Abbott led the way with the new ball, Shamsi with the older one. Stand-in captain Faf then anchored the modest chase with his second fifty-plus score of the series. The hosts are now set for a whitewash of Australia. Can they become the first team to sweep Australia in a five-ODI series?
Presentation:
Steven Smith, Australia captain: We wanted a complete performance - both with bat and ball - today, it din't start well. When you score 167, you din't win many games. Maybe this wicket wasn't good as other ones. 250 may have been a good total. 167, not too much for the bowlers. We started to look better with the ball, good areas and tighter lines. Still plenty for us to play for in Cape Town. Don't want to be whitewashed. It would be nice to end the tour on a good note.
Faf du Plessis, South Africa captain: [4-0] sounds amazing. If we get Australia under pressure, we really should hammer down. Abbott was outstanding with the new ball and Shamsi spun a web around them. Imran is still there. It gives us a great combination. Phangi bowled really well today. The wicket din't spin much, he still bowled in the good areas. It was a really tough one-day wicket. Two-paced and the ball sometimes stood up, so cross-bat shots were hard. Australia are a fantastic one-day team, and we have to give credit to ourselves. We'll enjoy tonight, and then get back to the practice. 5-0 is on the cards.
Abbott gets a game and is the Man of the Match: Nice to get a run, and make an impact. Tough sitting on the sidelines. I said to a few guys in the morning that I felt nervous. It is all about keeping fit and training hard. When you get the opportunity, hope it comes out okay. Nice to get big wickets on the day with the new ball. We know how destructive those guys [Warner and Finch] can be. The conditions were tough and we embraced it.
Thanks for your company and comments. Keep sending them in. Do come back for the final ODI. Until then, this is Deiva signing off on the behalf of Nikhil and Raghav.
35.3;4;Zampa to Rossouw, FOUR runs South Africa soar to 4-0. The birthday boys - Rossouw and FB - finish it off. Rossouw soars down the track, drills it against the turn through the covers;
35.2;?;Zampa to Rossouw, no run slides on outside off, punched to extra-cover;
35.1;1;Zampa to Behardien, 1 run low full toss on off, patted down to mid-on for a hurried single. The fielder splatters the stumps at the non-striker's end, but FB is well in. He clutches his hamstring;
34.6;4;Hastings to Rossouw, FOUR runs short and outside off, jumps on top of the bounce and flays it through cover-point;
34.5;?;Hastings to Rossouw, no run back of a length on the stumps, shuffles across in defence;
34.4;1;Hastings to Behardien, 1 run short and outside off, glides a single to third man;
34.3;?;Hastings to Behardien, no run back of a length and just outside off, punched to mid-off;
34.2;2;Hastings to Behardien, 2 runs takes it from outside off and controls a pull to deep midwicket;
34.1;?;Hastings to Behardien, no run back of a length and outside off, plays with an angled bat and misses;
33.6;4;Zampa to Rossouw, FOUR runs sees some flight, dashes down the track and clouts it over wide mid-on;
33.5;?;Zampa to Rossouw, no run lobbed up on leg stump, not much turn, defended on the front foot;
33.4;?;Zampa to Rossouw, no run flat and full on middle, whipped to midwicket;
33.3;?;Zampa to Rossouw, no run tossed-up legbreak, blocked in front of leg stump;
33.2;1;Zampa to Behardien, 1 run jabbed to mid-on for one;
33.1;1;Zampa to Rossouw, 1 run too full and outside off, driven to mid-off's right;
32.6;1;Marsh to Rossouw, 1 run back of a length and outside off, placed to sweeper cover;
32.5;1;Marsh to Behardien, 1 run short on leg stump, pulled down to fine leg;
32.4;?;Marsh to Behardien, no run lifter, flies through into the gloves of Wade as FB ducks under;
32.3;1;Marsh to Rossouw, 1 run leans back and chops a short ball from outside off to sweeper cover;
32.2;?;Marsh to Rossouw, no run floated full and outside off, front-foot drive to extra-cover;
32.1;?;Marsh to Rossouw, no run back of a length and angled in on off from round the wicket, blocked back to the bowler;
31.6;?;Zampa to Behardien, no run pushed through on middle and leg, hangs back and defends to the man under the helmet;
31.5;4;Zampa to Behardien, FOUR runs lobs a full-toss outside off, eased in the gap between covers and mid-off;
31.4;?;Zampa to Behardien, no run skids on flat on off, blocked on the back foot;
31.3;?;Zampa to Behardien, no run tossed up full at off, played back to Zampa;
31.2;1;Zampa to Rossouw, 1 run floated full on middle, secures an easy single to wide mid-off;
31.1;?;Zampa to Rossouw, no run legbreak, turns back in, punched down the ground;
30.6;2;Marsh to Behardien, 2 runs bursts through the hands of Tremain at short midwicket. Fractionally short on off, rocks back and pulls. Tremain leaps, but can't hang onto the chance;
30.5;?;Marsh to Behardien, no run greets him with a lifter outside off, ducks under it;
30.4;W;Marsh to du Plessis, OUT Faf finds deep midwicket! Dug in short on off, Faf shapes to pull. Doesn't hit it as well as he would have liked. Head takes it safely at the edge of the boundary. Faf falls, but SA have all but sewn up this game;Faf du Plessis c Head b Marsh 69 (126m 87b 8x4 0x6) SR: 79.31;
30.3;4;Marsh to du Plessis, FOUR runs too full and outside off, Faf crashes it disdainfully through the covers;
30.2;?;Marsh to du Plessis, no run chopped to backward point;
30.1;4;Marsh to du Plessis, FOUR runs dragged short and outside off, du Plessis sizes up the half-tracker and nails a pull to the right of short midwicket;
29.6;?;Zampa to Rossouw, no run sliding legbreak, negotiated off the back foot;
29.5;?;Zampa to Rossouw, no run slower through the air on middle, defended;
29.4;1;Zampa to du Plessis, 1 run quicker legbreak outside off, punched through the covers;
29.3;?;Zampa to du Plessis, no run floated up on middle, defended;
29.2;?;Zampa to du Plessis, no run there was a noise. Did he nick it behind? Smith is quite excited. Not given, and the Australian captain wants a review. Sharp legbreak from Zampa, starts outside off and rips away further. Wade can't pouch it, Smith catches it on the rebound. Faf missed it by a long way. The noise perhaps came from Faf's bat hitting his pad;
29.1;1;Zampa to Rossouw, 1 run sliding away outside off, pushed through the covers on the back foot;
28.6;?;Boland to du Plessis, no run back of a length and angled in at off, chopped towards point;
28.5;1;Boland to Rossouw, 1 run length ball around off, steered down to third man;
28.4;1;Boland to du Plessis, 1 run angled towards leg stump again, clipped around the corner for one;
28.3;4;Boland to du Plessis, FOUR runs good length and outside off, Faf takes it on the up and drives it crisply through square cover;
28.2;2;Boland to du Plessis, 2 runs angled in towards leg stump, eased to long leg;
28.1;?;Boland to du Plessis, no run shortish on off, punched out to extra-cover;
27.6;?;Marsh to Rossouw, no run chopped into the covers as he was cramped for room;
27.5;?;Marsh to Rossouw, no run Rossouw advances down the pitch, Marsh is wary of it, pulling his length back and beating the hook with a cross-seamer. Rossouw actually bailed out of the shot at the last instant;
27.4;?;Marsh to Rossouw, no run back of a length and outside off from round the wicket now, Rossouw rises on top of the bounce, punching to extra-cover;
27.3;?;Marsh to Rossouw, no run short and angling away outside off, cut strongly to Bailey at backward point;
27.2;1;Marsh to du Plessis, 1 run guided past backward point for one;
27.1;?;Marsh to du Plessis, no run Faf has been given out caught behind by umpire Llong. There was a noise. Faf, though, calls for a review almost immediately, suggesting he din't nick that. Bouncer on off, flies past the right shoulder of the batsman. Daylight between the bat and climbing ball. TV umpire Wilson overturns the on-field call. And that's one bouncer for the over;
26.6;?;Boland to Rossouw, no run back of a length and angled outside off, jabbed into the covers;
26.5;?;Boland to Rossouw, no run full and outside off, played up to the covers;
26.4;4;Boland to Rossouw, FOUR runs width outside off, Rossouw slashes it past backward point. Not all that comfortable is the left-hander. He wrings his hands in pain. Ouch. That finger must be hurting;
26.3;?;Boland to Rossouw, no run pitched full and outside off, no shot offered;
26.2;?;Boland to Rossouw, no run fractionally short and outside off, does not come onto Rossouw. He seeks to force it through the off side. Ends up dragging an inside edge behind;
26.1;1;Boland to du Plessis, 1 run back of a length on off, Faf opens the face and runs a single towards backward point;
25.6;?;Marsh to Rossouw, no run lifter angled away outside off from the left-hander, Rossouw is happy to let that climb through to the keeper;
25.5;1;Marsh to du Plessis, 1 run length ball on off, backs away outside leg and hits it to cover-point;
25.4;?;Marsh to du Plessis, no run bouncer outside off, Faf lets it pass before rehearsing a pull;
25.3;2;Marsh to du Plessis, 2 runs too full on middle and leg, whipped away square through the leg side. SA's stand-in captain acknowledges his fifty;
25.2;?;Marsh to du Plessis, no run good length and angled in on off, guided towards point via an open face;
25.1;?;Marsh to du Plessis, no run leaps back does Faf, gets on top of a short ball and forces it to extra-cover;
24.6;?;Tremain to Rossouw, no run speared full and angled in from round the wicket, jabbed down the ground to mid-on;
24.5;1;Tremain to du Plessis, 1 run similar length and line, driven to short extra-cover;
24.4;?;Tremain to du Plessis, no run pretty full and outside off, driven to mid-off;
24.3;1;Tremain to Rossouw, 1 run shimmies out and meets a short ball. Pulled away to deep midwicket;
24.2;1;Tremain to du Plessis, 1 run steered from off stump to backward point for one;
24.1;?;Tremain to du Plessis, no run short and outside off, drags a pull to short midwicket, the fielder throws himself to his right to stop the ball;
23.6;?;Marsh to Rossouw, no run floated up outside off, rocks forward and drives it to the straighter of the two men there;
23.5;1;Marsh to du Plessis, 1 run rising short ball on off, Faf glides it towards backward point;
23.4;?;Marsh to du Plessis, no run back of a length and angled into middle and leg stumps, cramps him for room. Defended back to the bowler;
23.3;2lb;Marsh to du Plessis, 2 leg byes angled into the hips, tickled fine on the leg side, past the keeper for leg byes;
23.2;4;Marsh to du Plessis, FOUR runs overpitched on off, Faf brings out a drive and drills it down the ground, to the right of Smith at mid-off;
23.1;?;Marsh to du Plessis, no run back of a length on off, Faf stays leg side of the ball as he punches out to cover-point;
22.6;1;Tremain to du Plessis, 1 run full and at off, Faf carves it away square through the off side, even as the bottom hand flew off the bat;
22.5;1;Tremain to Rossouw, 1 run angled in, nips in further, draws an inside edge and sneaks away towards fine leg;
22.4;?;Tremain to Rossouw, no run good length and angled in from around the wicket, presses forward and jabs to mid-on;
22.3;1;Tremain to du Plessis, 1 run takes this from off stump and angles a single down to third man;
22.2;4;Tremain to du Plessis, FOUR runs a bit too full and outside off, Faf, having backed away outside leg, punchily drives it between extra-cover and mid-off;
22.1;?;Tremain to du Plessis, no run full and on off, tapped into extra-cover;
21.6;?;Zampa to Rossouw, no run skids on, no turn again, goes back and punches it to the bowler;
21.5;4;Zampa to Rossouw, FOUR runs half-tracker on middle, flipper gone awry, he makes it look worse, rocking back and middling a pull through midwicket;
21.4;?;Zampa to Rossouw, no run springs out of the crease and quietly blocks this one back to Zampa;
21.3;?;Zampa to Rossouw, no run slides on outside off, no turn, left alone;
21.2;1;Zampa to du Plessis, 1 run tossed up further, full on off, backs away and drives inside-out to the left of extra-cover;
21.1;?;Zampa to du Plessis, no run well-flighted ball on middle, defended;
20.6;?;Tremain to Rossouw, no run 131 kph, full and wide outside off, hit to mid-off;
20.5;2;Tremain to Rossouw, 2 runs drifts down leg, Rossouw flicks it away happily through midwicket to get a couple more;
20.4;?;Tremain to Rossouw, no run overpitched on off, driven back to the bowler;
20.3;2;Tremain to Rossouw, 2 runs good length down leg, played away into the leg side for a couple.;
20.3;1w;Tremain to Rossouw, 1 wide strays down leg, a wide, a free run;
20.2;?;Tremain to Rossouw, no run full and straight, keeping it tidy. Blocked;
20.1;?;Tremain to Rossouw, no run yorker on middle and leg, 132.6 kph. Kept out;
19.6;?;Zampa to du Plessis, no run 85 kph, flat outside off, chopped to point. More chants of "naais, naais" from Wade.;
19.5;1;Zampa to Rossouw, 1 run loads of flight on middle and leg. "Nice," says Wade. Too full though, driven to long-on;
19.4;W;Zampa to Duminy, OUT straight to mid-off. I just despise that shot, but these guys apparently don't. Tossed up on off, Duminy tries to clear mid-off. Doesn't quite get underneath and ends up chipping his wicket away after doing all the hardwork. All he had to do was try to go straight and the margin of error increases multi-fold. Nonetheless, Marsh takes a simple reverse-cupped catch;Jean-Paul Duminy c Marsh b Zampa 25 (53m 45b 4x4 0x6) SR: 55.55;
19.3;?;Zampa to Duminy, no run nice flight on leg, kept out;
19.2;1;Zampa to du Plessis, 1 run good delivery. Flat, quick. May have been the flipper. Still short enough for Faf to pull to deep square leg;
19.1;2;Zampa to du Plessis, 2 runs too short. Flat outside off, sits up for Faf. Drags it from outside off to midwicket, who gets a hand on it;
18.6;1;Hastings to du Plessis, 1 run shortish and wide, chopped to the sweeper cover.;
18.5;1;Hastings to Duminy, 1 run ooh, out with a direct hit. Pushes to mid-on does JP and calls for one immediately. But Smith at mid-on doesn't pick up cleanly;
18.4;?;Hastings to Duminy, no run overpitched on leg, driven to mid-on;
18.3;4;Hastings to Duminy, FOUR runs superb timing again. Overpitched outside off, Duminy strides forward, leans into the drive and sends the ball into the gap at cover point. Nice, confident drive;
18.2;?;Hastings to Duminy, no run full on middle, played back;
18.1;1;Hastings to du Plessis, 1 run full outside off, Faf gets right across and drags it to deep square leg. A manufactured run;
17.6;?;Zampa to Duminy, no run flight on middle and off, defended;
17.5;1;Zampa to du Plessis, 1 run tossed up on off and middle, not short enough to stay back but Faf drives to deep cover. Made one there;
17.4;?;Zampa to du Plessis, no run tossed up on middle, driven back.;
17.3;?;Zampa to du Plessis, no run 82 ks, still short on middle, played to midwicket;
17.2;4;Zampa to du Plessis, FOUR runs short and wide again, Faf gets a thick outside edge on trying to cut. Gets it hurrying down to third man for four.;
17.1;?;Zampa to du Plessis, no run shortish and wide outside off, slapped to cover;
16.6;1;Hastings to du Plessis, 1 run another single. Good length outside off, pushed away into the gap at cover for one;
16.5;1;Hastings to Duminy, 1 run nudged down to third man for a run. Another nice single;
16.4;1;Hastings to du Plessis, 1 run good length outside off, steered down to third man;
16.3;1;Hastings to Duminy, 1 run good length outside off, carved to third man;
16.2;4;Hastings to Duminy, FOUR runs four more. Duminy taking over. Too straight, angling down. Worked fine to the fine leg boundary. Juist had to get bat on that, nicely executed;
16.1;1lb;Hastings to du Plessis, 1 leg bye good length on middle and off, Faf shuffles across and misses his flick. Struck right in front, but very high. A leg bye ensues;
15.6;?;Boland to Duminy, no run shortish and wide, defended into the off side;
15.5;4;Boland to Duminy, FOUR runs short, wide and put away. Duminy sees width, jumps at the sight of candy and slashes it in front of cover. Four more;
15.4;1;Boland to du Plessis, 1 run good length outside off, 143 kph. Pushed to mid-off. One;
15.3;?;Boland to du Plessis, no run fullish on off, chopped towards point;
15.2;2;Boland to du Plessis, 2 runs and again, this is exactly where he wanted to get it. Down leg, Faf tickles it fine in the same gap - at backward square and earns two;
15.1;2;Boland to du Plessis, 2 runs strays down leg, Faf nudges it towards backward square leg and scurries back for two. Did not want that there;
14.6;4;Hastings to Duminy, FOUR runs played. Really good batting. 131 kph, fullish outside off, Duminy opens the face late and guides it through the vacant slip region. So late.;
14.5;?;Hastings to Duminy, no run another good length delivery that is defended;
14.4;?;Hastings to Duminy, no run good length on off, defended into the off side;
14.3;?;Hastings to Duminy, no run played into the off side.;
14.2;1;Hastings to du Plessis, 1 run dropped. An absolute sitter. Zampa the culprit. Short delivery on middle, Faf runs down but is hurried by some pace. takes the splice and lobs to Zampa at cover point. Zampa looks up, tries to take it with the fingers pointing down but the ball bursts through, hits him on the chest and drops to the ground. Aargh.;
14.1;?;Hastings to du Plessis, no run good length outside off, 132 kph. Pushed to cover. Faf hanging back;
13.6;?;Boland to Duminy, no run overpitched outside off, driven to cover;
13.5;?;Boland to Duminy, no run good length outside off, pushed to mid-off.;
13.4;?;Boland to Duminy, no run 144.5 kph, seems like 44.5 when it reaches the batsman. Shortish and wide, slapped to cover. Mis-timed badly, the bat handle turns in his hand.;
13.3;1;Boland to du Plessis, 1 run 138 kph, good length on off, pushed to mid-off from the crease. The run is still easy;
13.2;?;Boland to du Plessis, no run good length outside off, Faf opens the face to guide to point but can't find a run;
13.1;?;Boland to du Plessis, no run slightly leg side-ish, worked to midwicket;
12.6;1;Tremain to du Plessis, 1 run another short delivery which is no trouble at all on this because this surface does not have the pace to hustle batsmen. Faf pulls to deep square leg. Enough time to see it, pick it, and find one with ease;
12.5;1;Tremain to Duminy, 1 run back of a length on middle and leg, Duminy rolls his wrists on that and keeps it down, gets one to deep square leg. Quietly moving it along.;
12.4;?;Tremain to Duminy, no run full on off, driven to mid-off;
12.3;?;Tremain to Duminy, no run an optimistic appeal. Full on middle and leg, drifting down leg but not before gets a thick inside edge onto his pad;
12.2;1;Tremain to du Plessis, 1 run drop and run to point. Quality from Faf. Just clever batting. Good length but very close to off, soft hands, taps one to point and gets a positive response from his partner;
12.1;4;Tremain to du Plessis, FOUR runs crashed through the covers. Faf dances down, giving himself room and hammers his cover drive through covers. Sublime timing, a rare occurrence today;
11.6;?;Boland to Duminy, no run good length on middle, blocked;
11.5;?;Boland to Duminy, no run good length outside off, driven down to mid-off;
11.4;?;Boland to Duminy, no run 138 kph, good length outside off, blocked into the off side;
11.3;?;Boland to Duminy, no run overpitched outside off, Duminy gets there too early, ends up is-timing his drive badly to mid-off;
11.3;1w;Boland to Duminy, 1 wide drifts down leg for a wide, 144 kph;
11.2;?;Boland to Duminy, no run 144 kph, good length outside off from around the wicket. Slapped to cover. A throw to the non-strikers end in an attempt to soften the ball;
11.1;1;Boland to du Plessis, 1 run good length outside off, Faf opens the face of his bat to guide one to third man. Easy;
10.6;?;Tremain to Duminy, no run nicely played. Overpitched on off, Duminy opens his stance and drives to mid-off. Still no run;
10.5;?;Tremain to Duminy, no run ooh, keeps a tad low. Fullish and wide outside off, toe-ended drive to cover;
10.4;2;Tremain to Duminy, 2 runs down leg and Duminy gets his legs out of the way to flick past midwicket for a couple;
10.3;?;Tremain to Duminy, no run overpitched, 139 kph. Driven to cover. Absolutely nothing happening for the seamers. No slips, no movement. This lull in play suits SA just fine;
10.2;?;Tremain to Duminy, no run nice change-up, the bouncer outside off. Duminy sways out of the line;
10.1;?;Tremain to Duminy, no run good length on leg, 142 kph. Maybe a bit of an inside edge onto the thigh. Dot.;
9.6;?;Boland to du Plessis, no run back of a length, 143 kph, outside off, mis-timed down towards mid-off. Maiden. Another tidy over;
9.5;?;Boland to du Plessis, no run back of a length outside off, hit on the bounce to cover;
9.4;?;Boland to du Plessis, no run poor delivery but some tidy fielding from short fine leg. Drifts down leg, worked down to that man who dives to his right;
9.3;?;Boland to du Plessis, no run again, not that wide but Faf punches to cover from the back foot;
9.2;?;Boland to du Plessis, no run a tad too much width. Shortish and wide, Faf goes back and slaps to cover from the crease;
9.1;?;Boland to du Plessis, no run 136 kph, full on middle and leg, Faf presents the full face of his bat to quell;
8.6;?;Tremain to Duminy, no run back of a length on middle and leg, properly played by his feet, soft hands. Another tidy over from Tremain;
8.5;?;Tremain to Duminy, no run nice channel. Keeping it around off, defended. Just don't see Australia's seamers troubling SA without movement.;
8.4;?;Tremain to Duminy, no run phew, superlative timing but placement isn't superlative so no runs. Drifts down leg, Duminy flicks straight to square leg;
8.3;?;Tremain to Duminy, no run full on off, hardly any movement. Pushed back to the bowler;
8.2;?;Tremain to Duminy, no run back of a length and straight, blocked;
8.1;1;Tremain to du Plessis, 1 run nice length. Using his pace and awkward action to extract something. Good length outside off, a hint of away movement. Guided down to third man. Played;
7.6;1;Boland to du Plessis, 1 run flies down to third man. Short and wide, an offering to Faf who top edges his cut for one;
7.5;?;Boland to du Plessis, no run overly full on middle and leg, driven down towards mid-on. Full bat face;
7.4;?;Boland to du Plessis, no run good length outside off, 135 kph. No movement. Steered to backward point;
7.3;1;Boland to Duminy, 1 run good single. Full on off, driven towards mid-off, didn't hit it too well so the run is easy;
7.2;?;Boland to Duminy, no run ah lovely. Beautiful shot. Not overpitched, but full. Duminy lays into his drive bit finds cover. Delectable;
7.1;?;Boland to Duminy, no run good start, full on off. No movement, Duminy blocks.;
6.6;1;Tremain to Duminy, 1 run back of a length and angling away, run down to third man;
6.5;1;Tremain to du Plessis, 1 run good length and just outside off, angled down to third man;
6.4;1;Tremain to Duminy, 1 run half-volley outside off, JPD steps forward and drives to the right of mid-off;
6.3;?;Tremain to Duminy, no run short and angling away, forced to backward point, flew to Warner, who pulled off a diving stop;
6.2;?;Tremain to Duminy, no run good length on middle from over the wicket, patted to the off side;
6.1;W;Tremain to de Kock, OUT Qdk seeks to clear deep midwicket. He ends up holing out to the fielder. Shortish and just outside off, he gets inside the line. Picks it up and pulls crisply into the lap of Zampa;Quinton de Kock c Zampa b Tremain 18 (27m 14b 3x4 0x6) SR: 128.57;
5.6;?;Boland to du Plessis, no run Boland digs it shorter and outside off on seeing Faf skip out again. Slashes an outside edge in the air. Hastings moves in, but the ball drops in front of him;
5.5;?;Boland to du Plessis, no run Faf skips out of the crease, this is pushed wide outside off. He reaches out with his hands, skewing it off the toe-end towards mid-off;
5.4;?;Boland to du Plessis, no run pitched up and angled in, has a short stride and blocks back down the pitch;
5.3;?;Boland to du Plessis, no run fuller and angled in, Faf stays back, seems like had misjudged the length. Wafted to extra-cover;
5.2;1;Boland to de Kock, 1 run back of a length on middle, Qdk steps away outside leg, manufactures room and cuts, but can't beat backward point;
5.1;4;Boland to de Kock, FOUR runs fullish on off and middle, picked up and whipped handsomely through midwicket;
4.6;?;Tremain to du Plessis, no run goes full on the stumps, presses forward and drives straight to mid-off;
4.5;4;Tremain to du Plessis, FOUR runs short and angled in on off, Faf had ample time to rock back and pull over midwicket for his first boundary;
4.4;?;Tremain to du Plessis, no run good length and angled in towards off, no room, Faf opens the face and check-pushes to extra-cover;
4.3;1;Tremain to de Kock, 1 run twirls his wrists, whips from outside off through square leg;
4.2;?;Tremain to de Kock, no run much fuller and curls into the left-hander, Qdk falls over on the flick. Pokes an inside edge onto the pad;
4.1;?;Tremain to de Kock, no run good length and angling away, outside off, defended square on the leg side;
3.6;?;Boland to du Plessis, no run back of a length on the stumps, defended on the back foot;
3.5;?;Boland to du Plessis, no run just dies in front of Finch at mid-off. Back of a length on off, Faf hops and aims for a punch. Ends up chipping in the air, as the ball stopped at him. He survives;
3.4;?;Boland to du Plessis, no run Boland goes wide of the crease and angles it into the right-hander. Straightens a wee bit off the surface and passes the outside edge;
3.3;?;Boland to du Plessis, no run tight line on off, tight good-length delivery. Defended;
3.2;?;Boland to du Plessis, no run good length and in the channel outside off, ignored;
3.1;?;Boland to du Plessis, no run good length and angled in towards off and middle, defended back down the pitch towards mid-on;
2.6;4;Tremain to de Kock, FOUR runs half-volley outside off, Qdk is forward to drive another one through the covers;
2.6;1w;Tremain to de Kock, 1 wide Tremain retorts with a bouncer angling away from Qdk. Soars to the keeper. Too high and called a wide;
2.5;4;Tremain to de Kock, FOUR runs a bit too full and outside off, Qdk gets forward and crunches a drive, head over the ball, through extra-cover;
2.4;1;Tremain to du Plessis, 1 run full on middle and leg, firmly whipped through backward square leg;
2.4;1w;Tremain to du Plessis, 1 wide swerving down the leg side, wide;
2.3;?;Tremain to du Plessis, no run good length and angled in on middle, defended down the pitch to mid-on;
2.2;W;Tremain to Amla, OUT Good length, angles it in, and seams back into Amla. He shuffles across and back as he rapped on the back leg in front of middle and leg stumps. The finger goes up, and Tremain has broken through with the new ball;Hashim Amla lbw b Tremain 4 (8m 8b 1x4 0x6) SR: 50;
2.1;?;Tremain to Amla, no run back of a length and angled in at off, Amla keeps back and punches to short extra cover;
1.6;2;Boland to de Kock, 2 runs whipped from off stump to square leg, where there is a misfield;
1.5;2;Boland to de Kock, 2 runs too straight in line, picked away through midwicket;
1.4;?;Boland to de Kock, no run full and angling away outside off, whipped out to midwicket;
1.3;?;Boland to de Kock, no run full and angled away outside off, front-foot drive to mid-off;
1.2;?;Boland to de Kock, no run shout of lbw, Smith ponders and shoots down the possibility of a review. Good length and catches him on the shuffle, but it had pitched outside leg;
1.1;?;Boland to de Kock, no run good length and just a shade outside off, bunted towards midwicket;
0.6;?;Tremain to Amla, no run Amla moves across off stump again, defends this good-length ball in front of middle;
0.5;?;Tremain to Amla, no run pitched up on middle, Amla shuffles across off and defends to midwicket;
0.4;4;Tremain to Amla, FOUR runs veering into the pads of Amla again, he cashes in this time. Sweetly flicking this leg-stump half-volley past midwicket;
0.3;?;Tremain to Amla, no run full on middle and leg, jammed out towards midwicket;
0.2;?;Tremain to Amla, no run almost yorker-length, swings into Amla again. He hurriedly jabs his bat down and digs to mid-on;
0.1;?;Tremain to Amla, no run full inswinger, hits the pad, as Amla shuffles outside off from outside leg. Yes, he found movement, but this was definitely slipping down leg;

1pm And we're back. Qdk and Amla are out in the middle. Can Tremain find some movement with the new ball? Over the wicket, one slip
 Innings Start
Australia
South Africa
4th ODI, Port Elizabeth, Oct 9 2016, Australia tour of South Africa
167
168/4
Player of the match is Kyle Abbott, SA
South Africa won by 6 wickets (with 87 balls remaining)
