Data
When Vettori was on, New Zealand looked set for 350, but 295 is not a bad job at all. Especially after being 90-odd for five. Australia found some late inspiration from Siddle, while Lyon was exemplary right through. Still, not a very memorable bowling effort from them. Now we can have a bit of Warner before lunch, and may be more of him after.
82.5;W;Lyon to Martin, OUT Martin's gone, but after he's got one run more in his latest innings than Don Bradman did. Classical offspinner's dismissal from a classical offspinner. Lyon tosses it up and spins it in sharply, drawing Marto forward on the push-drive and it easily finds the bat-pad gap.;Chris Martin b Lyon 1 (15m 12b 0x4 0x6) SR: 8.33;
82.4;?;Lyon to Martin, no run he looks to push to the covers now, and it pops off the bat and pad to the off side.;
82.3;?;Lyon to Martin, no run textbook defence, forthright and forward, it hits the pad as it spins in.;
82.2;1;Lyon to Brownlie, 1 run he takes the single now! Jumps out and looks to crash one through long-on, and finds the fielder, but he takes one.;
82.1;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run Brownlie walks to gully and looks to lash Lyon with the turn over deep square leg, but misses. The ball slides down the leg side.;
81.6;?;Starc to Martin, no run Starc bowls the worst ball of the match so far. Pushes a short ball miles down the leg side. He keeps Martin off strike, if that was the plan.;
81.5;1;Starc to Brownlie, 1 run gets the single now, backing away and steering a length ball into the covers. He's keeping Martin off strike too much, I wonder if that will affect the Phantom's fluency.;
81.4;?;Starc to Brownlie, no run short ball now, smashed straight to deep square leg, and he stays put.;
81.3;?;Starc to Brownlie, no run Brownlie tries to muscle a boundary or a two to the off side, but ends up denying the single after lashing a length ball into the covers.;
81.2;1;Starc to Martin, 1 run the biggest roar so far in the game as Martin gets away! Starc finally gets the idea. Full ball on the stumps. I saw Martin's feet trembling when Starc was bowling at him. But that didn't stop him from squeezing it through midwicket for one.;
81.1;?;Starc to Martin, no run he keeps searching for these length balls outside off. Stays miles out of line and feels for it as Starc again keeps it outside off.;
80.6;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run Lyon does his bit - flat and straight at the body, Brownlie works it straight to midwicket.;
80.5;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run tossed up outside off, he slaps it right back to the bowler.;
80.4;2;Lyon to Brownlie, 2 runs short ball, Brownlie jumps back and cuts to deep point. He hurries back for two and hogs the strike. What nerve.;
80.3;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run tossed up on off stump, whipped to midwicket and Brownlie denbies the single.;
80.2;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run turning into the pads, Brownlie nudges it behind square.;
80.1;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run Brownlie stays back and defends a spinning ball back to the bowler.;
79.6;?;Starc to Martin, no run the cover drive now, and he middles thin air. The ball meanwhile proceeds unfettered on a different course, wide of off stump. Starc didn't make him play at all in that over. Appalling.;
79.5;?;Starc to Martin, no run you could say he was beaten outside off. In reality, Starc is just relieved Martin didn't connect with a silken smooth steer through point as he felt for it.;
79.4;?;Starc to Martin, no run short and wide outside off, Martin stays out of the line and swerves the bat inside the line.;
79.3;?;Starc to Martin, no run he's seen enough. He has a go at a full ball outside off, but doesn't reach it. Not much footwork towards the pitch of the ball. He takes after Sehwag in that regard.;
79.2;?;Starc to Martin, no run and another. Perfect leaving technique on display as Starc bends one across.;
79.1;?;Starc to Martin, no run and he unfurls a confident leave outside off. Length ball from Starc wide of off stump, and he lets it go.;
78.6;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run Brownlie does all he can to pick a single as he skips out, but gets too close to the flight and plays it back to the bowler.;
78.5;W;Lyon to Southee, OUT and that's the end of Southee's hand. He skates out again and looks to take Lyon downtown, but mishits the loft. Hussey comes in from long-on on gobbles it. And then he shines the ball as he sprints in to celebrate with his mates! Mr. Cricket!;Tim Southee c Hussey b Lyon 17 (17m 12b 0x4 1x6) SR: 141.66;
78.4;?;Lyon to Southee, no run Southee tries to swipe one tossed up wide of off stump, but it misses the bat. And the stumps.;
78.3;1;Lyon to Brownlie, 1 run fuller on the stumps, Brownlie gets forward and plays it to mid-on.;
78.2;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run stays back as Lyon dips this in the air, and defends to the on side.;
78.1;1;Lyon to Southee, 1 run Brownlie skips out, is beaten in the flight and then adjusts to play it to point.;
77.6;?;Starc to Brownlie, no run back of a length outside off, he stays firm on the crease and steers to gully.;
77.5;3;Starc to Southee, 3 runs he's having a beefy go here. 143 kph, over-pitched. He drives it right out of the screws through the covers.;
77.4;6;Starc to Southee, SIX runs Southee's killed that! That's the batsman's version of the round-house kick. Pitched up outside off, he plants the front foot towards the length and hoicks it right back past the bowler and all the way into the stands.;
77.3;1;Starc to Brownlie, 1 run short of a length outside off, chopped from the crease past point for a single.;
77.2;?;Starc to Brownlie, no run full length ball on off stump at 138 kph, he stays back in the crease and defends to mid-on.;
77.1;2;Starc to Brownlie, 2 runs length ball on the hips, and Brownlie turns it around before sprinting back for a second.;
76.6;1;Lyon to Brownlie, 1 run nudges with the turn to the leg side for a single.;
76.5;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run gets behind the line and defends to mid-on carefully.;
76.4;4;Lyon to Brownlie, FOUR runs bash! Brownlie connects with a healthy clunk as he waltzes out, the ball isn't too full but it doesn't prevent him from crashing it through mid-on for four.;
76.3;1;Lyon to Southee, 1 run drags a ball from outside off to the leg side for a single.;
76.2;2;Lyon to Southee, 2 runs Southee's sent this one into the clouds. Tossed up in the slot, Southee charges out and tees off straight up. Hussey runs back a mile from mid-on and nearly gets there before it lands inside the ropes.;
76.1;?;Lyon to Southee, no run flighted outside off, and Southee defends on the front foot to the leg side.;
75.5;1;Siddle to Southee, 1 run uppish poke to cover, but it lands well short of the fielders and affords another single.;
75.4;?;Siddle to Southee, no run Southee misses a straight ball by a mile. 145 kph and well wide of off stump, Southee drives down a complete different highway.;
75.3;1;Siddle to Brownlie, 1 run 143 kph, and Brownlie's turn to steal a single. He stays back and pushes into the covers.;
75.3;2nb;Siddle to Southee, (no ball) 1 run Siddle over-steps and delivers back of a length outside off. Southee dabs into the covers for one.;
75.2;2;Siddle to Southee, 2 runs on the pads, and he whips it with a flourish to open his account. Brisk running gets them a couple.;
75.1;3;Siddle to Brownlie, 3 runs back of a length outside off, and Brownlie lets out a fluent steer through backward point;
74.6;W;Lyon to Bracewell, OUT how well has Lyon bowled on his first trip to this ground? Bracewell is gone, playing for the spin against a deceptive over-spinner and that's an 18-ball duck. Lyon tossed this up outside off and it goes on straight to skim the outside edge, straight into first slip's hand.;Doug Bracewell c Clarke b Lyon 0 (17m 18b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
74.5;?;Lyon to Bracewell, no run lets an arm ball outside off to go through to the keeper.;
74.4;?;Lyon to Bracewell, no run Bracewell leans out to defend with bat and pad close together.;
74.3;?;Lyon to Bracewell, no run turning in from wide of off stump, he gets behind the line and defends carefully.;
74.2;1;Lyon to Brownlie, 1 run gets the single this time as Hussey at mid-on dives to his left to stop the ball.;
74.1;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run Lyon loops it up outside off and Brownlie punches to mid-on.;
73.6;?;Siddle to Bracewell, no run short ball banged in with purpose, but not short enough to be a bouncer. Bracewell hops back to defend to the leg side.;
73.5;?;Siddle to Bracewell, no run angled in from a touch wider of the crease, and it straightens from a full length. Bracewell leaves it.;
73.4;?;Siddle to Bracewell, no run short of a length outside off, forced from the crease into the off side.;
73.3;?;Siddle to Bracewell, no run back of a length, angling in towards the pads and Bracewell plays it off the pad to the leg side.;
73.2;?;Siddle to Bracewell, no run pitched up on off stump and Bracewell drives to mid-off.;
73.1;?;Siddle to Bracewell, no run back of a length and good carry on a pacy ball, and Bracewell lets it go to the keeper.;
72.6;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run gets behind the line to safely negotiate the last ball.;
72.5;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run where is leg gully when you need him? Brownlie fends at one that spins and bounces big from outside off. Hits the top of the bat and pops to the leg side behind square. No one's there to take it.;
72.4;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run stays back to a full ball, but defends to the leg side.;
72.3;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run;
72.2;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run that drift again, towards middle and leg, Brownlie covers the line and defends.;
72.1;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run tossed up outside off, pushed into the covers off the front foot;
71.6;?;Siddle to Bracewell, no run pitches this up and he plays a workman-like cover drive that doesn't pierce the covers.;
71.5;?;Siddle to Bracewell, no run back of a length outside off, Bracewell stays on the crease and defends to the off side.;
71.4;?;Siddle to Bracewell, no run 144 kph, short ball and Bracewell gets into a complete mess after pressing forward, leaving him no time to duck out of the way. It hits him on the right bicep as it goes, and he doesn't flinch. Looks a pretty strong man.;
71.3;?;Siddle to Bracewell, no run beaten outside off. It just helds its line as it zipped through at pace, and Bracewell played down the wrong line.;
71.2;1;Siddle to Brownlie, 1 run back of a length, this one comes in with the angle and Brownlie nudges to the leg side.;
71.1;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run Brownlie continues to face some trouble against Siddle, who is bowling the best spell so far in the match. Moves this away off the seam, and it is defended off the outer half of the blade.;
70.6;?;Lyon to Bracewell, no run big spin into Bracewell, he pushes the pad out and it pops safe on the offside off bat and pad.;
70.5;?;Lyon to Bracewell, no run beaten in the flight, Lyon curves this in as Bracewell tries advancing and working it to the leg side, but it slips through to hit the pad.;
70.4;?;Lyon to Bracewell, no run breaking in from outside off, he again gets behind the line and defends.;
70.3;1;Lyon to Brownlie, 1 run tossed up generously, and he whips it with the turn through midwicket.;
70.2;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run turns in towards the pads and he dabs it to the leg side.;
70.1;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run Brownlie gets behind the line and defends as Lyon spins one in.;
69.6;?;Siddle to Bracewell, no run back of a length outside off, he lets it go to the keeper.;
69.5;W;Siddle to Young, OUT and that's the end of that. Young's come and gone in a flash. Siddle continues to hit that lovely length outside off and seam it away. This time Young jabs at it with hard hands and it has the legs to carry easily into Clarke's hands in the slips.;Reece Young c Clarke b Siddle 2 (5m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 40;
69.4;?;Siddle to Young, no run edged again, but safe! Full, searching and wide of off stump, looking for the ill-advised push away from the body. Young obliges, but the edge lands in front of Hughes at second slip.;
69.3;?;Siddle to Young, no run short of a length, but short enough to allow Young to hang back and defend.;
69.2;?;Siddle to Young, no run full again, he had Brownlie in trouble with back of a length stuff in the last over. This one is defended back to the bowler.;
69.1;2;Siddle to Young, 2 runs Young is away with a smooth little chip off the pads through midwicket as Siddle goes very full.;
68.6;W;Lyon to Vettori, OUT Suicide! Vettori has ended his stay. The bowlers couldn't get him, but he's run himself out. He's gutted. He was thinking of the ton there, pushed a full ball straight to Hussey at mid-off and set off. That went too quickly to Hussey, who pounced on it and let rip in one fluid motion. The stumps were messed up before Vettori could dive in. He buries his head into the grass. He knows it. Need a crane to get him out of there. Tragedy!;Daniel Vettori run out (Hussey) 96 (186m 127b 9x4 0x6) SR: 75.59;
68.5;4;Lyon to Vettori, FOUR runs Vettori is sweeping everything, give him a broom and a pan! Flighted on the stumps, Vettori smashes it away through midwicket furiously. On 96 now.;
68.4;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run Lyon tries to slip one under the sweep by going very full. Vettori is ready, he pushes it to mid-off.;
68.3;2;Lyon to Vettori, 2 runs and again, leans out, bends down and smashes it around to the leg side, and gets it over the head of midwicket for four more.;
68.2;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run lets this one go as Lyon keeps it outside off.;
68.1;4;Lyon to Vettori, FOUR runs Vettori is into the 90s! Nails a flighted ball on the stumps with a slog-sweep that was bursting with intent. Gone into the midwicket fence, that.;
67.6;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run edged again, but short of Ponting at slip. Finally, Siddle's getting something to happen off the seam. Another good ball, lands on a length and jags away, gets Brownlie to poke at it, and it lands just short of Ponting. First good over of the day?;
67.5;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run again, straightens down the line after angling in, and Brownlie defends to the off side.;
67.4;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run seam again, away from the off stump line and Brownlie is slightly squared up, but defends well.;
67.3;2;Siddle to Brownlie, 2 runs top-edged, but safe. Siddle is getting some shoulder into this now, and Brownlie is hurried into the pull. He gets it into am empty part of the ground at deep square leg though.;
67.2;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run ripper from Sid Vicious. Hits the seam as it angles in and lands on a length, before rearing away violently. Brownlie had no chance of covering the line. The other DGB might have been good enough to edge it ...;
67.1;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run back of a length on off stump, Brownlie defends from the crease.;
66.6;3;Lyon to Brownlie, 3 runs whoa, Brownlie flies out of the crease and has a huge smite at a ball spinning in from short of a length. Beaten in the flight, but he manages to go over midwicket and come back for three.;
66.5;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run stays back now and covers the turn as Lyon probes away.;
66.4;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run gets behind the line as Lyon spins this in, and defends to the leg side.;
66.3;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run back of a length and spinning in, Brownlie nudges to the leg side.;
66.2;1;Lyon to Vettori, 1 run tossed up on the stumps, Vettori sweeps resource-fully towards square leg for one.;
66.1;1;Lyon to Brownlie, 1 run spins in towards the pads, and worked with the spin to the leg side.;
65.6;?;Pattinson to Vettori, no run spears this well down the leg side at 143 kph. Vettori doesn't bother going after it.;
65.5;?;Pattinson to Vettori, no run lets this one go through outside off as Pattinson keeps it on a length.;
65.4;4;Pattinson to Vettori, FOUR runs Vettori is turning it on! Poor ball - too full and too straight. Vettori lashes it away square, in front of Khawaja who is at deep backward square and has no chance.;
65.3;2;Pattinson to Vettori, 2 runs too short, and Vettori always seems ready for them. His entire stance and technique seems geared for the pull. Lovely roll of the wrists and it runs away through midwicket.;
65.2;1lb;Pattinson to Brownlie, 1 leg bye on Brownlie's pads now and he taps with the angle behind square for a single. Ah no, it goes off the pad and is a leg-bye.;
65.1;1;Pattinson to Vettori, 1 run too straight from Pattinson, Vettori stays inside the line and tucks it square for a single.;
64.6;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run drifts in towards middle and leg, and Brownlie turns it behind square.;
64.5;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run nearly a chance. Lyon gets one to burst in extra from outside off and Brownlie leans out with hard hands. He plays it onto the pad and it pops up on the leg side, but well away from short leg.;
64.4;1;Lyon to Vettori, 1 run short enough for Vettori to go back and chop it behind point for a single.;
64.3;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run loopy and breaking away from wide of off stump, Vettori shoulders arms.;
64.2;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run 91 kph as Lyon round-arms this into the middle and leg area, and he defends to the on side.;
64.1;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run tossed up from round the stumps, Vettori defends as it angles in.;
63.6;?;Pattinson to Brownlie, no run stays back in the crease and defends one angling into him towards the leg side.;
63.5;4;Pattinson to Brownlie, FOUR runs fifty for Brownlie! He gets there with his best shot of the day. Pitched up on the pads, and he crunches it with a fluent on-drive through the mid-on - midwicket gap.;
63.4;1;Pattinson to Vettori, 1 run on the pads, Vettori works it through midwicket for a single to equal his highest score against Aus.;
63.3;?;Pattinson to Vettori, no run better line, lands this just outside leg and gets it to hurry into Vettori who is back in the crease and struck on the pad.;
63.2;?;Pattinson to Vettori, no run sprayed well wide of off stump, Vettori sees it through to the keeper.;
63.1;?;Pattinson to Vettori, no run bouncer to start off action post drinks. Vettpri politely ducks under it.;
62.6;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run Browline stays back in the crease and works with the turn to the leg side. Drinks for the first time today as the segways stream into the ground.;
62.5;1;Lyon to Vettori, 1 run gets the single this time with a push in front of square.;
62.4;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run;
62.3;2;Lyon to Vettori, 2 runs smashed back. Tossed up, and Vettori cracks it right back and past Lyon as he dives to his left.;
62.2;2;Lyon to Vettori, 2 runs Starc makes a mess of it running back from mid-on! Tossed up outside off, Vettori looks to slog-heave it over midwicket and top-edges it. Starc had it covered as he ran back, but seemed to stop and look over at Warner who was strolling from midwicket. Mistake. He ended up having to hurry back and dive, and could not even getting a hand on it.;
62.1;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run curves in and breaks away from a full length, Vettori presses across and lets it go.;
61.6;1;Pattinson to Vettori, 1 run nicely played, Vettori hops on the crease and opens the face to steer a back of length delivery towards point for one.;
61.5;?;Pattinson to Vettori, no run too full outside off at 143 kph, and Vettori tries to steer it square. It slips under the bat to the keeper.;
61.4;?;Pattinson to Vettori, no run that's more line it, just outside off at 143.4 kph. Vettori meets it well as he leans forward.;
61.3;?;Pattinson to Vettori, no run another leave outside off, Pattinson isn't getting close enough to off stump to make him play.;
61.2;?;Pattinson to Vettori, no run 142 kph and a couple of yards outside off, Vettori lets it go to the keeper;
61.1;?;Pattinson to Vettori, no run full and well wide of off stump, Vettori lets it go through to the keeper.;
60.6;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run drifts onto leg, Brownlie is inside the line as he nudges with the turn to square leg.;
60.5;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run stays back in the crease and works him with the spin to the leg side.;
60.4;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run over-pitched on off stump, and Brownlie on-drives without scoring intent to mid-on.;
60.3;2;Lyon to Brownlie, 2 runs ah, he's dropped this too short and Brownlie pounces on it with a cut though it was coming in and cramping him.;
60.2;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run defends this time after getting confidently forward.;
60.1;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run tossed up generously, Brownlie leans out and slots it to cover.;
59.6;?;Pattinson to Vettori, no run pitches this up, closer to off stump and Vettori punches this towards mid-off.;
59.5;?;Pattinson to Vettori, no run another leave outside off, barely a foot outside off but Vettori is quick to shoulder arms.;
59.4;?;Pattinson to Vettori, no run good line, again on a devious length just outside off, but Vettori is playing well enough to know he must leave these.;
59.4;?;Pattinson to Vettori, no run angled across, landed too wide outside off to trouble Vettori. Another leave.;
59.3;?;Pattinson to Vettori, no run pitches this up on off stump, and Vettori punch-drives towards mid-off.;
59.2;?;Pattinson to Vettori, no run another one on a good length and angled across, Vettori lets it go.;
59.1;1nb;Pattinson to Vettori, (no ball) starts with a good channel outside off, Vettori lets it go.;
58.6;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run stays back to a length ball on off and punches it to mid-on. Maiden from Sidd - Australia need more of those.;
58.5;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run full-pitched on the middle and leg line, Brownlie drives it to mid-on off the front foot.;
58.4;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run short ball outside off, Brownlie shoulders arms to let it go.;
58.3;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run angled in towards the pad, and Brownlie needs some work on the whips to leg - his Greenesque average notwithstanding. He misses another one.;
58.2;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run short ball outside off, Brownlie sways out of the way.;
58.1;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run short of a length outside off, Brownlie hangs on the crease and pushes to the off side.;
57.6;2;Starc to Vettori, 2 runs drama! Top-edge, safe. Risky second, safe. Short from Mitch, and this time he hustles Vettori for pace. He was late on the pull, from well wide of off stump, and ended up spading it up over the off side, in the air with the bat face pointing upwards. Three slips, gully and the keeper ran back for the catch, but it landed just out of Clarke's reach. Vettori then hares back madly and dives in for the second. He chose to go for it quite late. A better throw and he might have been on his way.;
57.5;?;Starc to Vettori, no run whipped in outside off at 142.5 kph, Vettori lets it go.;
57.4;1;Starc to Brownlie, 1 run another half-stop worth mention from Pattinson. Over-pitched on off stump and Brownlie drives it really well through mid-off, Pattinson dives and saves the four.;
57.3;4;Starc to Brownlie, FOUR runs spanked with trans-Tasman anger! Short and wide outside off, Brownlie stayed put beside the line and lashed it up and over point for four. That didn't take too long to reach the boundary.;
57.2;?;Starc to Brownlie, no run back of a length, Brownlie hangs on the crease and blocks to the off side.;
57.1;?;Starc to Brownlie, no run Starc angles this one across the right hander, and Brownlie resist the urge to have a poke.;
56.6;4;Siddle to Vettori, FOUR runs Vettori is seeing the ball well and early. Siddle's short ball sits up and asks to be punished, and Vettori dismisses it with a cracking short-arm jab masquerading as a pull. NZ are off to a flier again.;
56.5;?;Siddle to Vettori, no run 149 kph, Siddle is cranking it up now. Probes away on a good length outside off, and this time Vettori leaves.;
56.4;?;Siddle to Vettori, no run tucks him up on the middle and leg line, and Vettori nudges to the leg side.;
56.3;4;Siddle to Vettori, FOUR runs uppish, but safely past gully. Vettori went hard at this as it angled across outside off, and managed to get the edge safely between the slips and gully for four.;
56.2;?;Siddle to Vettori, no run angled across Dan at pace, he stays put on the stance and leaves.;
56.1;3;Siddle to Brownlie, 3 runs even better from Brownlie, whose average continues to bloom. Over-pitched on off stump by Siddle, and he leans out to plant it straight back past the bowler for a triple. Great work from Pattinson (why isn't he bowling?) saves the fourth.;
55.6;1;Starc to Brownlie, 1 run too short, Brownlie is ready and rolls the wrists efficiently on a pull to bring up the century-stand. How well have these two played!;
55.5;1;Starc to Vettori, 1 run too straight, Vettori easily shuffles inside the line and works it behind square for a single.;
55.4;?;Starc to Vettori, no run probes away outside off at 136 kph, Vettori gives it a good look and leaves.;
55.3;?;Starc to Vettori, no run closer to driving length, Vettori leans out and lets go.;
55.2;?;Starc to Vettori, no run well bowled Mitch. Swings this one away, and quite sharply at 138 kph. Vettori was left feeling for it, but to his credit he stopped short of being squared up by the movement as it went away at a fair clip.;
55.1;?;Starc to Vettori, no run 138 kph and angling in towards the pads, Vettori tries working it square and it goes off the pads to the off side.;
54.6;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run good ball to end the over, this one bends away off the seam from short of a length and bounces extra too. Brownlie had to yank the bat away from the line after trying to cover it.;
54.5;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run back of a length outside Brownlie's off stump and he shoulders arms.;
54.4;3;Siddle to Vettori, 3 runs over-pitched, and Vettori is ready to get the extra foot forward and drive. Neatly punched into the covers for a triple.;
54.3;?;Siddle to Vettori, no run beaten outside off by the perfect line. It landed outside leg and held its line as it angled across. Might have even nipped away a sliver. Vettori wasn't forward and was trying hard to cover the line, but missed.;
54.2;?;Siddle to Vettori, no run too straight, ends up outside leg and Vettori tries to cover the line and work it square, but can't get it away.;
54.1;?;Siddle to Vettori, no run short of a length and looking to push across Vettori, who hops back to defend to the off side.;
53.6;?;Starc to Brownlie, no run too straight, there for the slip through leg but Brownlie gets into a muddle as he did a few times yesterday, and can't get it away cleanly.;
53.5;?;Starc to Brownlie, no run shortens the length and gets this on off stump and straightening into the middle of Brownlie's bat as he stays on the crease.;
53.4;?;Starc to Brownlie, no run pitched up outside off from over the stumps, Brownlie is confidently on the front foot to play it back to the bowler.;
53.3;?;Starc to Brownlie, no run back of a length at 139.5 kph, this one didn't swing and angled across without giving Brownlie much room. He hacked it from the crease to point.;
53.2;4;Starc to Brownlie, FOUR runs over-pitched across the right hander, and Brownlie squeezes the cover drive off the outer edge through the gully.;
53.1;3;Starc to Vettori, 3 runs The second name's changed, but the slogan hasn't. It is still 'pitch it up, Mitch!' Another short ball outside off and Vettori is so early in getting into position, he was ready yesterday. Pulled with a crack through midwicket, uppish but fully safe.;
52.6;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run 142 kph on a nice purposeful short ball to end the over, he has Brownlie hopping back to ride the bounce and fend to the off side. Well negotiated in the end, though it rapped him on the glove.;
52.5;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run angled into the body now, at 142 kph. Brownlie is neatly behind the line as he defends to mid-on.;
52.4;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run shortens the length further at 139.4 kph, and Brownlie drops his wrists and sways back serenely.;
52.3;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run three in a row. Siddle needs to get closer to off stump quickly to use the juice in the morning. This wasn't close enough to make him play.;
52.2;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run another leave outside off, Siddle gets a hint of away seam from a length and Brownlie leans out before shouldering arms.;
52.1;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run 139 kph, length ball outside off, the man with averages better than the best of them all lets it go outside off.;
51.6;?;Starc to Vettori, no run closer to the driving length, but still not enough to get him driving. Vettori leaves it.;
51.5;?;Starc to Vettori, no run short again from Starc, and Vettori tries to flap it over the slips again, but misses this time.;
51.4;4;Starc to Vettori, 4 runs fifty for Vettori and this has been a combative hand. Starc overcooks the yorker, and it is a full toss on the pads that Vettori smoothly deposits through midwicket with a resourceful working of the wrists. He then charges back and forth for an all-run four.;
51.3;?;Starc to Vettori, no run 138 kph and rapped on the pads! Australia are taking a while thinking about the review, but they decide against. And rightly so - Vettori was hit outside the line. It was short and angling in, Vettori walked across the stumps and tried to nurdle it to the leg side, but missed. Safe.;
51.2;4;Starc to Vettori, FOUR runs and Vettori is away. Starc continues to be well short of a driving length and gets the ball to bend away from Dan, allowing him to get beside and under the ball and upper cut it over the slips intentionally. 49 now.;
51.1;?;Starc to Vettori, no run seams the first ball away with his natural angle from wide of off stump and Vettori lets it be.;
50.6;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run tossed further up, he leans out and defends to the off side.;
50.5;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run straightens from outside off, Brownlie is behind the line and he defends to the leg side.;
50.4;3;Lyon to Vettori, 3 runs short of a length, Vettori quickly jumps onto the back foot and slaps it through midwicket for another bunch of runs. Whaddaplaya!;
50.3;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run tossed up on the stumps, Vettori leans out to defend.;
50.2;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run angled in towards the pads, defended to the leg side.;
50.1;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run tossed up and straightening outside off. Vettori leaves.;
49.6;4;Starc to Brownlie, FOUR runs one of Brownlie's better shots so far. Length ball angled across, offering him just enough width to free the arms and he absolutely crunched it behind point. He kept it along the ground too, it helped that he didn't have to get too far across.;
49.5;?;Starc to Brownlie, no run bouncer at 138 kph, banged sinfully short. Easy-peasy duck under it for Brownlie.;
49.4;1;Starc to Vettori, 1 run again, Vettori goes on a stroll across the stumps and slaps it down to fine leg. Straight to Siddle in the deep now, so just the single.;
49.3;?;Starc to Vettori, no run Starc angles this right in towards the body and Vettori defends from the crease to the leg side.;
49.2;2;Starc to Vettori, 2 runs where did that come from? Vettori walks across the stumps and paddle-slaps a short ball from well outside off, to fine leg. This man's batting is indescribably efficient.;
49.1;?;Starc to Vettori, no run 139 kph over-pitched on the stumps and Vettori digs it out to the leg side.;
48.6;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run over-pitched to end the over, Brownlie drives off the bottom of the bat to mid-off.;
48.5;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run fullish length outside off, Brownlie leans out and defends with hard hands. Can't get the single for his efforts.;
48.4;1;Siddle to Vettori, 1 run shortens the length outside off, Vettori dabs it square for a single.;
48.3;2;Siddle to Vettori, 2 runs 139 kph, but it seemed to stop on Vettori. Or he was early on the cover drive. Leaned away from the body to a full ball and pushed it into the covers for a couple. There was no one there to catch it, and none to stop the second either.;
48.2;?;Siddle to Vettori, no run Siddle slides down the leg side, Vettori arches inside the line and lets it go.;
48.1;?;Siddle to Vettori, no run another bouncer, Vettori is down on his haunches in a trice as it goes through.;
47.6;?;Starc to Brownlie, no run attacks the stumps now, Brownlie is squared up as he shuffles across and defends with the hep of bat and then pad.;
47.5;?;Starc to Brownlie, no run angled across outside off stump, and Brownlie lets it go.;
47.4;?;Starc to Brownlie, no run gets Brownlie to reach forward and defend a length ball into the covers.;
47.3;1;Starc to Vettori, 1 run goes away off the seam, Vettori was playing inside the line and got an edge, but played it softly down through backward point.;
47.2;?;Starc to Vettori, no run full ball on the stumps, he punch-drives fluently to mid-on.;
47.1;?;Starc to Vettori, no run Starc goes right through Vettori! A series of balls going away from the seam, followed by one that nips in and Vettori's bat-pad gap is bigger than the Sydney Harbour bridge.;
46.6;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run back of a length to end the over, Brownlie is nearly squared up but defends.;
46.5;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run ooh, 144 kph bustling quick ball, full outside off. Brownlie has been pushed back with a barrage of short balls and now is late getting forward for the drive. He just lurches at it without getting fully forward and across, and fails to nick it.;
46.4;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run length ball nips into Brownlie, who works it off the pads to the leg side.;
46.3;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run he pitches it up now, at 143 kph, but too straight. Brownlie flicks, but finds midwicket.;
46.2;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run back of a length outside off, Brownlie punches from the crease into the covers.;
46.1;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run bouncer to Brownlie, and he pulls out that pre-meditated sway of his. This one doesn't really take off, and he does well to stay out of the way.;
45.6;?;Starc to Vettori, no run back of a length on off stump, defended from the crease.;
45.5;?;Starc to Vettori, no run looks to pull a short ball from miles and miles outside off, Vettori was in no position to play that shot.;
45.4;?;Starc to Vettori, no run close to the money there. Vettori takes a blow on the inner thigh. Starc again gets one to hold its line as it angles in from a length. Vettori gropes outside the line and then winces.;
45.3;?;Starc to Vettori, no run this one holds its line, Vettori defends onto the pad without getting fully forward.;
45.2;4;Starc to Vettori, FOUR runs edged but safe The slip-gully gap has been hit a few times today. Starc's natural movement away from Vettori induces the edge as he plays away from the body, but it flies away safe.;
45.1;4;Starc to Vettori, FOUR runs Vettori welcomes the debutant with a typical lash-pull. Short ball, not much pace on it, a couple of yards outside off and Vettori jumps onto the front foot before slapping it away like he would deal with a little rascal.;
44.6;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run every now and then one hits the seam and does something extra. Brownlie was nearly sucked into nudging this as it went away, but managed to draw the bat away at the last moment.;
44.5;4;Siddle to Brownlie, FOUR runs poor from Siddle. NZ are rebuilding well here.. On the pads, Brownlie chirps inside the line and flicks it fine for a boundary.;
44.4;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run back of a length again, driven from the crease towards mid-off.;
44.3;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run short of a length on off stump, defended down the track.;
44.2;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run back of a length on the pads, worked to the leg side from the crease.;
44.1;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run Brownlie seems to be a bit of a leading edge expert. Works the wrists too soon on a length ball on the pads and gets it out to point.;
43.6;1;Hussey to Brownlie, 1 run short ball to Brownlies, guided carefully to midwicket.;
43.5;?;Hussey to Brownlie, no run short of a length outside off, Brownlie defends from the crease into the covers.;
43.4;?;Hussey to Brownlie, no run fuller length and wobbling away, he lets it go.;
43.3;?;Hussey to Brownlie, no run back of a length outside off and straightening, Brownlie taps it back to the bowler from the crease.;
43.2;?;Hussey to Brownlie, no run length ball outside off, Brownlie shoulders arms to let it go through.;
43.1;?;Hussey to Brownlie, no run We have the first referral of the summer. Lbw appeal turned down, but this could be interesting. Back of a length from Hussey, it lands in line with off and nips in to hit him in front of leg stump. Missing leg by a mile. Australia have lost one of their two safety buttons.;
42.6;1;Lyon to Brownlie, 1 run back of a length and breaking in, Brownlie shuffles across to stay inside the line and works it to the leg side.;
42.5;1;Lyon to Vettori, 1 run Lyon over-compensates and lands this on the toes. Vettori sweeps it round the corner for a single.;
42.4;2;Lyon to Vettori, 2 runs Vettori leaps out to the flight and drives with a strong flourish of the bottom hand to pick up a couple through the covers.;
42.3;1;Lyon to Brownlie, 1 run this turns comfortably into the pads and it is tucked round the corner for a single.;
42.2;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run shorter and spinning in from outside off, Brownlie is behind the line as he defends.;
42.1;1;Lyon to Vettori, 1 run drifts in from round the stumps and spins away, Vettori reaches out to drive into the covers for a single.;
41.6;1;Hussey to Vettori, 1 run ends with one on the pads, short of a length and at amiable pace, and it is nudged to the leg side for a single.;
41.5;?;Hussey to Vettori, no run another polite wobbler outside off, Vettori doesn't go after it.;
41.4;1;Hussey to Brownlie, 1 run back of a length outside off, Brownlie dabs towards point for a single.;
41.3;?;Hussey to Brownlie, no run closer to off stump, but still not enough to tempt Brownlie.;
41.2;?;Hussey to Brownlie, no run big swing but starts from well outside off. Brownlie lets it go.;
41.1;2;Hussey to Brownlie, 2 runs over-pitched on off stump, Brownlie leans forward and drives into the covers.;
40.6;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run he skips down the pitch now and drives uppishly but just out of Lyon's reach ...;
40.5;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run angled in from wide of the crease and straightening outside off, Vettori leaves.;
40.4;1;Lyon to Brownlie, 1 run on the pads with the spin, tucked round the corner for a single.;
40.3;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run big spin down the leg side, and Brownlie can't get bat on it.;
40.2;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run lets this come in and defends with a straight bat down the track.;
40.1;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run drift and turn into the right hander from well outside off. Brownlie defends as he gets the front foot across.;
39.6;?;Pattinson to Vettori, no run the last ball bustles away outside off stump from short of a length, and Vettori lets it go.;
39.5;1;Pattinson to Brownlie, 1 run goes back and pushes into the covers again as Pattinson bowls a length ball outside off.;
39.4;?;Pattinson to Brownlie, no run holds the length back now, Brownlie stays on the crease and gets across to defend to the off side.;
39.3;?;Pattinson to Brownlie, no run over-pitched on the stumps, angling in full and Brownlie is late to move forward, but keeps it out.;
39.2;2;Pattinson to Brownlie, 2 runs nice little punch. Short and just outside off, Brownlie stays back and punches it fluently through the covers.;
39.1;?;Pattinson to Brownlie, no run a hint of inward cut as Brownlie tries to meet the ball on the forward press. Inside edged onto the pad.;
38.6;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run round-arm from round the stumps, turning away from off stump and it is defended.;
38.5;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run flighted on off stump, Vettori leans out and drives to cover.;
38.4;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run tossed up, Vettori advances towards the flight but gets too close and plays it back to the bowler.;
38.3;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run tossed up on off stump, Vettori reads the flight and defends.;
38.2;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run;
38.1;2;Lyon to Vettori, 2 runs the two men close by don't stop Vettori from waiting for the offbreak to go away, and cuts it fine between the two men for a couple.;
37.6;?;Pattinson to Brownlie, no run back of a length on the stumps, and defended down the track.;
37.5;?;Pattinson to Brownlie, no run beaten by a ripper. Pattinson gets it to bounce and jump away as it does, off the seam. Brownlie was left searching for it without conviction from the crease.;
37.4;?;Pattinson to Brownlie, no run Brownlie ducks under the short ball even before it is actually bowled, by the looks of it. Effects of being trained at Perth?;
37.3;?;Pattinson to Brownlie, no run a little fuller, Brownlie reaches out and defends to the off side.;
37.2;?;Pattinson to Brownlie, no run length outside off now, Brownlie plays it from beside the line rather than behind, into the off side.;
37.1;?;Pattinson to Brownlie, no run Pattinson plugs away short of a length, Brownlie stays on the crease and defends.;
36.6;1;Lyon to Brownlie, 1 run turns into Brownlie's pads from wide of the crease, and he dabs it with the angle towards backward square leg.;
36.5;1;Lyon to Vettori, 1 run short ball now, poked from the crease towards midwicket for one.;
36.4;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run full toss outside off, another sweep attempted, but he mis-hits this into the ground towards short fine leg.;
36.3;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run Vettori advances, Lyon sees him come and drops it short. Vettori covers the line and defends.;
36.2;2;Lyon to Vettori, 2 runs didn't take long to play that laboured slog sweep of his, from well wide of off stump against the spin. Siddle charges across from fine leg to save the four.;
36.1;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run tossed up and breaking away from off stump, Vettori gets the front foot across and defends well.;
35.6;?;Pattinson to Brownlie, no run length ball on the stumps and defended from the crease to the off side.;
35.5;1;Pattinson to Vettori, 1 run straighter now, and Vettori nurdles it through midwicket for a single.;
35.4;4;Pattinson to Vettori, FOUR runs short and wide enough, Vettori plays a delectable slap shovel over the gully area. He stayed firm beside the line, stood up at the perfect moment and levered it into safe waters.;
35.3;?;Pattinson to Vettori, no run over-pitched wide of off stump, Vettori digs it out to mid-off.;
35.2;?;Pattinson to Vettori, no run short again, Vettori stays back and opens the face to guide it square.;
35.1;1;Pattinson to Brownlie, 1 run short ball ends up on the pads and Brownlie nudges it square for one.;
34.6;4b;Siddle to Vettori, 4 byes wasted bouncer at 145 kph and it swings late and swings big to beat Haddin and run towards fine leg for four sundries.;
34.5;?;Siddle to Vettori, no run Siddle keeps searching outside off, it is barely a foot outside off as Vettori lets it go.;
34.4;?;Siddle to Vettori, no run short ball now, Vettori ducks under it after thinking of having a pull at it.;
34.3;?;Siddle to Vettori, no run Vettori goes for the drive now from outside off, and finds mid-off.;
34.2;?;Siddle to Vettori, no run;
34.1;?;Siddle to Vettori, no run angled across on a length, Vettori lets it go;
33.6;?;Pattinson to Brownlie, no run back of a length too wide of off stump to cause concern, but Brownlie seemed to misread the length and sway away. Good for him it wasn't for the stumps.;
33.5;?;Pattinson to Brownlie, no run searching length ball at 143 kph outside off, and Brownlie lets it go.;
33.4;?;Pattinson to Brownlie, no run back of a length now outside off, Brownlie is adequately back and across to defend to the off side.;
33.3;?;Pattinson to Brownlie, no run goes fuller now, but Brownlie is ready on the drive and plays it well to mid-off.;
33.2;?;Pattinson to Brownlie, no run wicked little bouncer that. Clocked in the mid-130s but the length was perfect. Brownlie had to yank the head quickly out of the way.;
33.1;1;Pattinson to Vettori, 1 run back of a length on the stumps, Vettori stays on the back foot and defends to the off side for a single.;
32.6;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run closer to driving length, but not straight enough. He lets it go through to the keeper.;
32.5;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run keeps him on the back foot again, Brownlie jumps back and defends to the off side.;
32.4;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run 144 kph, Brownlie punches from the crease to mid-on.;
32.3;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run on a length, Brownlie stays back and gets across to cover the line.;
32.2;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run not sure why they are trying to bounce Brownlie, who looks jittery against a fuller length. Another bumper, he ducks easily under it.;
32.1;3;Siddle to Vettori, 3 runs over-pitched again to Vettori who threads the covers for some more runs. Three this time.;

Pattinson comes back on now.
 Innings Start
The last three wickets produced 82 runs for Australia, and extended the lead from 50 to 132. New Zealand didn't help their cause through some poor catching, and the reprieves to Clarke and Starc have cost them big. Their batsmen will have to face a few overs this evening, and they'll be under pressure. The lead is a sizable one. Join us in under ten minutes for New Zealand's second innings.
129.2;W;Southee to Lyon, OUT Australia have been bowled out, that was pitched fuller and Lyon drove it straight to extra cover where Dean Brownlie dived forward and took a good low catch;Nathan Lyon c Brownlie b Southee 5 (10m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 83.33;
129.1;?;Southee to Lyon, no run on a good length outside off, goes straight on, left alone to the keeper;
128.6;3;Vettori to Lyon, 3 runs nicely done by Lyon, a quicker delivery on the pads and Lyon flicked that away square for three more runs;
128.5;?;Vettori to Lyon, no run reaches forward and defends it towards silly point;
128.4;?;Vettori to Lyon, no run floating it on the off stump, gets a thick inside edge to short fine leg as he tries to push that through the line;
128.3;1;Vettori to Starc, 1 run slightly short on the off, punched down towards long-on for a single;
128.2;?;Vettori to Starc, no run punches it back to Vettori again as that turns in from outside off;
128.1;?;Vettori to Starc, no run shortish on the off, turns in, gets on the back foot and pushes it back to the bowler;
127.6;2;Southee to Lyon, 2 runs gets off the mark with a thick inside edge behind square leg, a direct hit would have had him on the second run;
127.5;1;Southee to Starc, 1 run punched off the back foot towards midwicket for a single;
127.4;?;Southee to Starc, no run slower one bowled on leg stump, cuts towards middle, dabs it into the leg side;
127.3;2;Southee to Starc, 2 runs banged in short again and this time he rolls his wrists over that one, gets a couple past square leg;
127.2;?;Southee to Starc, no run banged in short on middle, went for the pull but couldn't connect;
127.1;?;Southee to Starc, no run slightly short on the off, rocks on the back foot and punches it to extra cover;
126.6;W;Guptill to Haddin, OUT Haddin holes out, that was well struck but didn't go the distance, came down the track, took it from a length and struck that flat but straight into the hands of Chris Martin at long-on where he slides to his right and holds on;Brad Haddin c Martin b Guptill 80 (251m 145b 6x4 2x6) SR: 55.17;
126.5;?;Guptill to Haddin, no run pitched on a length, Haddin drives it back down to Guptill;
126.4;1;Guptill to Starc, 1 run full on the pads, flicked away towards deep midwicket for a single;
126.3;?;Guptill to Starc, no run reaches out and drives that towards extra cover;
126.2;?;Guptill to Starc, no run fullish on the off, pushed back to the bowler with a lunge;
126.1;4;Guptill to Starc, FOUR runs Starc continues to frustrate New Zealand, Guptill gifts him a full delivery on the pads and he flicks that down really fine, all the way to the boundary;
125.6;?;Southee to Haddin, no run slightly short outside off, comes back in a hint, leaves it be;
125.5;1;Southee to Starc, 1 run bowled it on a good length on middle, just pushed it wide of extra cover for a single;
125.4;?;Southee to Starc, no run good length outside off, holds its line and Starc leaves it alone;
125.3;2;Southee to Starc, 2 runs low full toss and Starc smartly turns the face to pick up a couple towards fine leg;
125.2;1;Southee to Haddin, 1 run Haddin moves away to that length delivery and drills it down to long-on;
125.1;?;Southee to Haddin, no run back of a length on the off, defended towards point from the crease;
124.6;1;Guptill to Haddin, 1 run comes down the track and chips it over midwicket for a single;
124.5;6;Guptill to Haddin, SIX runs Haddin steps out of the crease, takes it from a length and smashes it over deep midwicket, the lead is piling up and the boundaries coming, despite a spread-out field;
124.4;?;Guptill to Haddin, no run gets on the back foot and defends into the leg side;
124.3;?;Guptill to Haddin, no run a bit of extra bounce for Guptill, surprised Haddin, he knocked it down with soft hands;
124.2;?;Guptill to Haddin, no run turning in from outside off, gets back and taps it into the off side;
124.1;?;Guptill to Haddin, no run fullish on the off, played straight to extra cover;
123.6;?;Southee to Starc, no run back of a length on the off, defended back towards the bowler;
123.5;?;Southee to Starc, no run goodish length outside off and Starc leaves it be;
123.4;?;Southee to Starc, no run comes round the wicket and bowls it full on middle, plays it back to the bowler;
123.3;?;Southee to Starc, no run pitched up on middle, pushed down the ground to mid-on;
123.2;?;Southee to Starc, no run short of a good length on the off, pushed towards extra cover;
123.1;1;Southee to Haddin, 1 run Haddin made room there to smash that over extra over, he's got a thick edge and it lands short of Guptill placed at a fly slip;
122.6;?;Vettori to Starc, no run fullish on the off, played wide of silly point;
122.5;4;Vettori to Starc, FOUR runs Starc takes Australia past 400 with a powerful sweep, fetches it from outside off and smacks it through square leg, no chance for the fielder in the deep;
122.4;?;Vettori to Starc, no run on a good length on the off, pushes it back towards the bowler;
122.3;?;Vettori to Starc, no run slightly short on the off, gets on the back foot and defends to silly point;
122.2;?;Vettori to Starc, no run gets front and across and turns it down towards short leg;
122.1;2;Vettori to Starc, 2 runs Starc tries to go downtown again, gets a top-edge and the ball sails over the slip fielder, a couple more;
121.6;3;Bracewell to Starc, 3 runs three more, short ball on the off and Starc drags it through midwicket, there are massive open spaces in the deep and it fetches them three more, the lead is now 100;
121.5;?;Bracewell to Starc, no run fires it wide and it's out of Starc's reach, left alone to the keeper;
121.4;?;Bracewell to Starc, no run slightly short on the off, defends it towards cover;
121.3;?;Bracewell to Starc, no run short of a good length outside off, leaves it alone to the keeper;
121.2;?;Bracewell to Starc, no run pitched up on the off and it's driven back firmly to the bowler;
121.1;?;Bracewell to Starc, no run short of a good length on the off, rocks back and taps it towards extra cover;
120.6;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run flighted, makes room and drives that ball back down the pitch;
120.5;1;Vettori to Starc, 1 run drills that one down the ground to long-on for a single;
120.4;?;Vettori to Starc, no run gets forward to the pitch and defends it to silly point;
120.3;?;Vettori to Starc, no run shortish on the off, went with the arm, gets back and punches it to midwicket;
120.2;?;Vettori to Starc, no run reaches forward and defends it back to the bowler;
120.1;?;Vettori to Starc, no run shortish on the off, pushed towards point;
119.6;3;Bracewell to Starc, 3 runs pitched up and Starc cashes in, crunches that through the covers for three runs, it seemed Williamson gave chase and hauled it back in;
119.5;?;Bracewell to Starc, no run short of a good length outside off, left alone to the keeper;
119.4;?;Bracewell to Starc, no run aiming for the yorker, could not get his bat down in time, missed off and went through to the keeper;
119.3;?;Bracewell to Starc, no run back of a length outside off, not chasing that, leaves that be;
119.2;4;Bracewell to Starc, FOUR runs banged in short and Starc responds with a pull, connected well and it beat the deep backward square leg to the ropes, firmly struck;
119.1;?;Bracewell to Starc, no run around a good length outside off, Starc leaves that one;
118.6;4;Vettori to Haddin, FOUR runs superbly done, was a low full toss, Haddin had his area marked out, made room and punched it past the diving mid-off to earn four;
118.5;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run taps it in front of point, very slow through the air that one;
118.4;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run bowled it flat on middle, gets across to defend it back to the bowler;
118.3;1;Vettori to Starc, 1 run Starc drives that wide of mid-off for a single;
118.2;1;Vettori to Haddin, 1 run pushes that down to long-on for a single;
118.1;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run appeal for lbw, landed just outside leg stump and didn't straighten much, tried to slog-sweep that over midwicket, missed and was struck on the thigh;
117.6;?;Bracewell to Starc, no run defended soundly towards mid-off off the front foot, time for drinks;
117.5;?;Bracewell to Starc, no run short of a good length on middle, pushed towards mid-off from the crease;
117.4;?;Bracewell to Starc, no run a touch fuller with some width once again and Starc isn't interested;
117.3;?;Bracewell to Starc, no run goodish length outside off and he shoulders arms to that one;
117.2;?;Bracewell to Starc, no run short of a good length outside off, Starc lets that go;
117.1;1;Bracewell to Haddin, 1 run pitched it on a good length outside off, slaps it down the ground to long-off for a single;
116.6;2;Vettori to Starc, 2 runs Starc gets off the mark, tossed up and he goes downtown, doesn't time it too well but clears the in-field and gets a couple of runs;
116.5;?;Vettori to Starc, no run turns in and he defends it with a lunge;
116.4;?;Vettori to Starc, no run pushed into the off side towards cover;
116.3;1;Vettori to Haddin, 1 run tucked away behind square for a single;
116.2;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run pushed into the off side;
116.1;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run defended off the front foot;
115.6;?;Bracewell to Starc, no run dropped, Rosco drops a dolly, Bracewell, oh dear, that was full and wide and Starc went after it, and Rosco made a mess moving a little to his left at first slip;
115.5;?;Bracewell to Starc, no run short of a good length outside off, left alone;
115.4;W;Bracewell to Pattinson, OUT Bracewell gets one, finally, someone took his catch, it was Rosco at first slip, short and wide, Pattinson went for a cut and edged it straight to slip. Relief for Bracewell;James Pattinson c Taylor b Bracewell 12 (38m 35b 1x4 0x6) SR: 34.28;
115.3;1;Bracewell to Haddin, 1 run short outside off, run down towards third man for a single;
115.2;?;Bracewell to Haddin, no run slightly short on the off, defended into the off side this time;
115.1;?;Bracewell to Haddin, no run short of a good length on middle, gets on the back foot and knocks it down into the leg side;
114.6;?;Vettori to Pattinson, no run rocks on the back foot to push it to extra cover;
114.5;?;Vettori to Pattinson, no run played it back to the bowler with a big stride forward;
114.4;?;Vettori to Pattinson, no run shortish on middle, punched back towards the bowler;
114.3;?;Vettori to Pattinson, no run turned in from outside off, defended to silly point;
114.2;2;Vettori to Pattinson, 2 runs worked away through square leg for a couple of runs into the deep;
114.1;?;Vettori to Pattinson, no run straight into Young's gloves, he's wearing a helmet now, collected that well as it spun in slightly;
113.6;?;Martin to Haddin, no run around the off stump, played back solidly towards the bowler;
113.5;2;Martin to Haddin, 2 runs the runs continue to flow for Australia, pitched up outside off and Haddin square-drives that through point into the deep for a couple more runs;
113.4;3;Martin to Pattinson, 3 runs bowls it full on the pads and Pattinson flicks it easily through midwicket to pick up three more;
113.3;?;Martin to Pattinson, no run bowls it on a good length on middle, presents the straight bat as he pushes it back to the bowler;
113.2;?;Martin to Pattinson, no run lands on a good length outside off, shoulders arms to that one;
113.1;1;Martin to Haddin, 1 run slower one from Martin, Haddin pushes that down the ground to long-on for a single;
112.6;?;Vettori to Pattinson, no run turning in from a good length, turns the face and plays it down in front of short leg, Pattinson's not doing too bad here;
112.5;4;Vettori to Pattinson, FOUR runs nicely done, quicker ball and he's cut that superbly to the point boundary, just used the pace of the ball there;
112.4;?;Vettori to Pattinson, no run tossed up on the off, takes it from a half-volley and drives it back to the bowler;
112.3;1;Vettori to Haddin, 1 run pushes it down the ground to long-on for a single;
112.2;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run slightly short on the off, moves back to tap it into the off side;
112.1;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run shortish on the off, turns that towards short leg;
111.6;1;Martin to Haddin, 1 run Haddin gets a single, New Zealand made it available with a vacant in-field on the leg side, Haddin turns that short one behind square;
111.5;3;Martin to Pattinson, 3 runs Pattinson gets off the mark, Martin doled out a full delivery and he crunched it through point into the deep for three runs;
111.4;?;Martin to Pattinson, no run leaves that be, goodish length and it shaped away from the batsman;
111.3;?;Martin to Pattinson, no run short of a good length on middle, turns the face to play it into the leg side;
111.2;1;Martin to Haddin, 1 run fullish outside off, square-driven towards deep point for a single;
111.1;?;Martin to Haddin, no run banged in short outside off and Haddin sways out of the way;
110.6;?;Vettori to Pattinson, no run pitched up and it's defended wide of silly point;
110.5;?;Vettori to Pattinson, no run left it alone, that didn't turn in enough but that wasn't too far from the off stump;
110.4;?;Vettori to Pattinson, no run quicker, fuller on the off, pushed straight into silly point;
110.3;?;Vettori to Pattinson, no run slower through the air, turned in from outside off, got a slight inside edge onto the pad as he got outside the line to defend;
110.2;?;Vettori to Pattinson, no run flighted on the off stump, driven soundly towards mid-off;
110.1;1;Vettori to Haddin, 1 run tossed up on the off, driven down towards long-on for a single to give Pattinson the strike;
109.6;?;Martin to Pattinson, no run short of a good length outside off, shoulders arms to that one;
109.5;?;Martin to Pattinson, no run angling in towards middle, stays in the crease and defends it into the leg side;
109.4;?;Martin to Pattinson, no run bouncer banged in short on leg stump, ducks under it comfortably;
109.3;?;Martin to Pattinson, no run hitting a good length on the off, gets forward and defends it towards mid-off;
109.2;1;Martin to Haddin, 1 run full outside off, dug out towards point;
109.1;6;Martin to Haddin, SIX runs Haddin cut loose there, raises his half-century with a murderous whack into the stands behind long-on, was a length ball and he punished it with sadistic delight;
108.6;?;Vettori to Pattinson, no run quicker ball on the off, defended straight towards silly point;
108.5;?;Vettori to Pattinson, no run there is a silly point in place, Guptill, helmetless and Pattinson whacks one into him, on his back;
108.4;?;Vettori to Pattinson, no run shortish outside off again, makes room and cracks it straight to point;
108.3;?;Vettori to Pattinson, no run shortish outside off, moves away and chops it towards cover;
108.2;1;Vettori to Haddin, 1 run pushed in the direction of point for a single;
108.1;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run good length and turning away just a hint, covers the turn well by getting outside the line;
107.6;?;Martin to Pattinson, no run bowls it on leg and middle, defended solidly back down the pitch;
107.5;?;Martin to Pattinson, no run goodish length outside off, shaping away from the left-hander, Pattinson lets it go;
107.4;?;Martin to Pattinson, no run bowls it on a good length on middle and leg, defended off the front foot back down the pitch;
107.3;?;Martin to Pattinson, no run lands full on leg stump, pushed it towards midwicket;
107.2;?;Martin to Pattinson, no run appeal for lbw, seemed to land outside leg stump and nipped in to strike him in line with the stumps, that can't be given and Rauf isn't going to give them;
107.1;1;Martin to Haddin, 1 run Haddin knocks that into the vacant cover region for a single;
106.6;?;Vettori to Pattinson, no run turning in from a good length outside off, gets outside the line to defend;
106.5;W;Vettori to Siddle, OUT Vettori strikes, removes Siddle, drifted in from round the wicket and turned away, Siddle stabbed at it, got a thick edge and Rosco made no mistake at slip, can New Zealand sneak back in?;Peter Siddle c Taylor b Vettori 0 (6m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
106.4;?;Vettori to Siddle, no run reaches out and gets an inside edge onto the pads, he's not the most comfortable playing Vettori;
106.3;?;Vettori to Siddle, no run again around leg stump, and sliding down, struck on the pads;
106.2;?;Vettori to Siddle, no run the ball drifted in the air but landed outside leg stump, turned in towards middle and rapped Siddle on the pads when he offered no shot, but it pitched outside leg. Dar turned down the appeal, Taylor reviewed the decision and replays clearly showed where the ball landed.;
106.1;?;Vettori to Siddle, no run sliding on the pads, tries to work it square, struck on the pads;
105.6;?;Martin to Haddin, no run full outside off, mistimes a drive to extra cover;
105.5;?;Martin to Haddin, no run;
105.4;W;Martin to Clarke, OUT Clarke goes! Short ball from Martin and you wouldn't think he'd get out to this one but he did, he'd been pretty good at playing the pull through this innings but he top-edged this one while targeting the deep square leg area, landed safely in the hands of Tim Southee who was waiting calmly behind square in the deep;Michael Clarke c Southee b Martin 139 (365m 249b 19x4 1x6) SR: 55.82;
105.3;?;Martin to Clarke, no run gets on the back foot, covering the line of the stumps, and defends;
105.2;?;Martin to Clarke, no run pitched up outside off, gets to the pitch and drives it towards extra cover;
105.1;?;Martin to Clarke, no run slides it on leg stump first up, tries to turn it square but is struck high on the pads;
104.6;?;Williamson to Haddin, no run gets on the back foot to play it to short leg;
104.5;?;Williamson to Haddin, no run goodish length, turning in, tapped into the off side;
104.4;?;Williamson to Haddin, no run turning in from outside off, defended into the leg side;
104.3;2;Williamson to Haddin, 2 runs times a drive well past a diving midwicket for a couple of runs;
104.2;?;Williamson to Haddin, no run turns it gently towards midwicket;
104.1;?;Williamson to Haddin, no run tossed up on middle, driven back to the bowler;
103.6;4;Brownlie to Clarke, FOUR runs short and he played it well, waiting for the right moment and late-cutting it between slip and gully, perfectly placed and it earns him a boundary;
103.5;1;Brownlie to Haddin, 1 run pitched up outside off, pushed towards long-off for one more;
103.4;1;Brownlie to Clarke, 1 run chops it towards deep point for a single;
103.3;?;Brownlie to Clarke, no run short and it's slashed hard but Ryder does well, diving to his right at gully to prevent a certain four;
103.2;?;Brownlie to Clarke, no run goodish length outside off and holds its line, Clarke lets it go;
103.1;?;Brownlie to Clarke, no run bowls it full on the off, pushed off the front foot to extra cover;
102.6;1;Williamson to Clarke, 1 run worked away off the back foot past square leg for a single, and that raises the century stand;
102.5;?;Williamson to Clarke, no run turns in from well wide of off but not anywhere close to the stumps, pads it away;
102.4;?;Williamson to Clarke, no run;
102.3;1;Williamson to Haddin, 1 run driven down the ground to long-on this time , a single;
102.2;?;Williamson to Haddin, no run driven firmly but straight to extra cover;
102.1;?;Williamson to Haddin, no run moves back and defends it back towards the bowler;
101.6;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run flighted on leg stump, came down the track to drive it through midwicket, struck on the pads;
101.5;4;Vettori to Clarke, FOUR runs a short ball again and he gets into positon quickly to move back and pull that powerfully in front of midwicket, Australia getting a move-on once again;
101.4;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run quicker through the air again, shortish on the off, defended to extra cover;
101.3;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run saw him come down and bowled it flat on leg stump, Clarke padded it away;
101.2;4;Vettori to Clarke, FOUR runs quicker through the air, bowled short and wide, moves away and cuts it really hard past point for a boundary, the first one in quite some time;
101.1;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run comes down the track and defends it with bat close to pad;
100.6;?;Williamson to Haddin, no run pushed back towards the bowler off the front foot;
100.5;?;Williamson to Haddin, no run tossed up outside off, driven soundly towards extra cover where a diving stop saves a few runs;
100.4;1;Williamson to Clarke, 1 run Clarke moves front and across and drives that down to long-on;
100.3;1;Williamson to Haddin, 1 run driven down the ground towards long-on for a single;
100.2;?;Williamson to Haddin, no run looping it on the off, turning in just a hint, defended it into the leg side;
100.1;?;Williamson to Haddin, no run flighted on the off, driven towards the bowler;
99.6;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run slightly flat on the off, gets forward, big stride, and defends it to cover;
99.5;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run shortish outside off, moves away and chops that one down to cover;
99.4;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run floating it on the off, gets a huge stride out and defended it into the off side;
99.3;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run shortish on the off, moves back and makes room to cut that to point;
99.2;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run Oh dear, Reece Young has been struck on the face as the ball just spat off the pitch from a good length and spun away, he was struck on the nose and he's bleeding, profusely. Clarke was beaten.;
99.1;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run shortish on the off, makes room to cut that towards point;
98.6;1;Williamson to Clarke, 1 run pushed down the ground towards a deepish mid-off for a single;
98.5;?;Williamson to Clarke, no run slightly quicker, comes down the track and digs it out towards the bowler;
98.4;1;Williamson to Haddin, 1 run flighted on the off, driven down the ground to long-on for one more;
98.3;?;Williamson to Haddin, no run Haddin gets well outside the line to defend it towards extra cover, quite a bit of pad there;
98.2;?;Williamson to Haddin, no run flighted outside off, driven straight towards mid-off;
98.1;?;Williamson to Haddin, no run tossed up on the off, gets across to push it to midwicket;
97.6;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run angling in towards middle, gets an inside edge onto his pads while defending;
97.5;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run floating it on the off, gets a huge stride out and defends it back to the bowler;
97.4;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run bowled it short and wide, chopped it towards point;
97.3;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run quicker through the air, played towards the bowler;
97.2;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run shortish on the off, gets on the back foot and knocks it into the off side;
97.1;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run defended towards cover;
96.6;?;Southee to Haddin, no run short of a good length on the off, rocks back and defends it on the pitch;
96.5;1;Southee to Clarke, 1 run banged in short on middle, pulled down to deep square leg for a single;
96.4;?;Southee to Clarke, no run angling in towards middle, gets front and across and drives that confidently towards mid-on;
96.3;?;Southee to Clarke, no run good length on the off stump, defended solidly back towards the bowler;
96.2;1;Southee to Haddin, 1 run pushed into the leg side past midwicket and sets off for a single;
96.1;?;Southee to Haddin, no run good length on the off stump, gets on the back foot and defends;
95.6;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run played off the back foot to short leg;
95.5;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run angling in towards leg stump, comes down the track and half-pads it onto the pitch;
95.4;2;Vettori to Clarke, 2 runs picks the length early on that short delivery and pulls it wide of deep backward square leg for a couple of runs;
95.3;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run short, slower through the air, gets back all the way and defends it on the pitch;
95.2;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run quicker through the air, gets forward and defends it with a straight bat;
95.1;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run reaches forward to defend it into the off side;
94.6;?;Southee to Haddin, no run nips back in sharply to rap him high on the pads as he walked across to play it into the leg side;
94.5;?;Southee to Haddin, no run provides plenty of width this time and Haddin cracks that hard but straight towards point on the first bounce;
94.4;?;Southee to Haddin, no run slightly short on middle, tries to play it square, struck hard on the thigh;
94.3;?;Southee to Haddin, no run short of a good length outside off, sways out of the way;
94.2;4;Southee to Haddin, FOUR runs merciless, short and wide and Haddin won't let those go, cuts it fiercely over the slips and a gully;
94.1;?;Southee to Haddin, no run short of a good length on the off, gets on the back foot and plays it down the pitch;
93.6;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run comes down the track to that flat delivery and plays it back down the pitch;
93.5;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run gets outside the line with a big stride to defend that into the off side;
93.4;1;Vettori to Haddin, 1 run fullish on middle and off, driven down to long-on for a single;
93.3;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run tossed up on middle, reaches forward and plays it back to the bowler;
93.2;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run arm ball on the off stump, pushed back firmly to the bowler;
93.1;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run pushed in front of point;
92.6;?;Southee to Clarke, no run in that corridor outside off and Clarke lets it go;
92.5;?;Southee to Clarke, no run appeal for caught-behind, clipped the pads on the way to the keeper, landed on leg stump and he was trying to glance that fine;
92.4;?;Southee to Clarke, no run short of a good length outside off, that one holds its line and it's left aone;
92.3;2;Southee to Clarke, 2 runs bowls it full on middle, clipped through square leg into the deep for a couple of runs;
92.2;?;Southee to Clarke, no run low full toss outside off, aiming for a drive through the covers there, ends up mistiming it back to the bowler;
92.1;?;Southee to Clarke, no run pitched up outside off, holds its line and he lets it be;
91.6;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run flighted on leg stump, pushed gently towards midwicket;
91.5;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run keeps it flat on middle, defended towards short leg;
91.4;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run bowls this one flat on the off stump, pushes it back to the bowler;
91.3;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run goodish length on the off, knocked down in front of the bowler;
91.2;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run floating it on middle, pushed back towards the bowler;
91.1;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run angling in towards leg stump, played down to midwicket;
90.6;?;Martin to Clarke, no run in the channel outside off, allows it to go through;
90.5;?;Martin to Clarke, no run bowled it full outside off and that one held its line, left alone;
90.4;?;Martin to Clarke, no run pitched it on a good length outside off, shaping away a hint, leaves it alone again;
90.3;?;Martin to Clarke, no run pitched up outside off, moving away and Clarke leaves that alone;
90.2;?;Martin to Clarke, no run bowls it on a good length outside off, shoulders arms to that one;
90.1;4;Martin to Clarke, FOUR runs rare lapse from Martin, that was short and wide and Clarke treats it with disdain, slashing it through point and gully;
89.6;?;Southee to Haddin, no run short of a good length on the off, defended off the back foot to cover;
89.5;4;Southee to Haddin, FOUR runs didn't time it all too well but well enough, pitched on a length and he swung it from outside off over midwicket, this is the game he's more comfortable playing;
89.4;2;Southee to Haddin, 2 runs shortish on middle, two more as it's turned past square leg, before Martin gets to the ball they've already started coming back for the second;
89.3;?;Southee to Haddin, no run short of a good length on the off, gets on the back foot and drops it in front of point;
89.2;?;Southee to Haddin, no run defended soundly off the back foot after that's pitched back of a length;
89.1;?;Southee to Haddin, no run short of a good length on the off, punched firmly towards extra cover;
88.6;?;Martin to Clarke, no run pitched it up outside off, watched it safely through to the keeper;
88.5;1;Martin to Haddin, 1 run swung in towards middle and leg and Haddin just worked it wide of mid-on for an easy single;
88.4;1;Martin to Clarke, 1 run fullish outside off, reaches for that and opens the face, placing it wide of point for a single;
88.3;4;Martin to Clarke, FOUR runs the scoring's really picked up in the last few overs, pitched up and Clarke responds with aggression, smacking it over mid-off, 300 up;
88.2;2;Martin to Clarke, 2 runs fuller on middle and leg, flicks it past midwicket for a couple and takes Australia into the lead;
88.1;?;Martin to Clarke, no run around a good length on the off stump, defended with an open face towards point;
87.6;?;Southee to Haddin, no run more on a good length on middle, Haddin defends that solidly towards point;
87.5;4;Southee to Haddin, FOUR runs Haddin getting into the groove now, pitched up on the off, driven confidently past mid-on;
87.4;2;Southee to Haddin, 2 runs more runs, Haddin's picked up the pace, low full toss and he turns that past midwicket for a couple more runs;
87.3;4;Southee to Haddin, FOUR runs Hmm, Haddin clears mid-off, pitched up and he drives that uppishly and firmly through the line to get a boundary, nicely hit;
87.2;?;Southee to Haddin, no run leaves it alone outside off stump;
87.1;2;Southee to Haddin, 2 runs goodish length on leg stump, turns it down towards deep backward square leg for a couple of runs;
86.6;?;Martin to Clarke, no run;
86.5;?;Martin to Clarke, no run goodish length outside off, gets front and across and drives it back to the bowler;
86.5;1w;Martin to Clarke, 1 wide back of a length outside off and he withdraws from a pull and allows it through;
86.4;?;Martin to Clarke, no run short of a good length outside off, nips in, shoulders arms to that one;
86.3;?;Martin to Clarke, no run swinging in, on the pads this time and Clarke misses out on an opportunity to clip it fine;
86.2;1lb;Martin to Haddin, 1 leg bye shortish on leg stump, tries to whip it square, strikes him on the thighs;
86.1;?;Martin to Haddin, no run pushed it firmly in the direction of mid-on;
85.6;?;Bracewell to Clarke, no run drops it short on the off, defended in front of point, wants the single but Haddin decides against it;
85.5;3;Bracewell to Haddin, 3 runs on leg stump, Haddin gets across and just punches that through midwicket, wide open spaces in the deep and they have ample time to come back for the third;
85.4;?;Bracewell to Haddin, no run short of a good length on the off, knocked down back towards the bowler;
85.3;?;Bracewell to Haddin, no run pitched up on the off, driven towards mid-off, a horror throw towards the keeper and both slips run to cover him to prevent overthrows, no damage done;
85.2;?;Bracewell to Haddin, no run fires that on middle on a good length, Haddin gets across and defends it to mid-on;
85.1;4;Bracewell to Haddin, FOUR runs wide delivery and Haddin frees his arms, slicing it over point to fetch a boundary;
84.6;?;Martin to Clarke, no run short of a good length outside off, this one held its line and Clarke played inside the line to that one, just escaped the outside edge;
84.5;1;Martin to Haddin, 1 run short of a good length outside off, punched past cover for a single;
84.4;?;Martin to Haddin, no run more inswing for Martin, pushed towards mid-on by Haddin;
84.3;?;Martin to Haddin, no run swinging in and raps Haddin on the pads but that was sliding down big time;
84.2;1;Martin to Clarke, 1 run swinging in and it lands around off and middle, Clarke swings it towards deep backward square leg for a single;
84.1;?;Martin to Clarke, no run rocks forward and defends outside off;
83.6;1;Bracewell to Clarke, 1 run dropped, Clarke continues to be lucky, and Bracewell can continue tearing his hair off, short of a good length and it's slashed hard to Ryder at third slip who fails to latch onto a sharp catch over his head, it popped up but there was no one there to collect it on rebound, Bracewell has a right to feel let down;
83.5;?;Bracewell to Clarke, no run bowled it full on middle from wide of the crease, mistimes a drive towards mid-on;
83.4;?;Bracewell to Clarke, no run that held its line and Clarke left that boldly, that actually almost went over the stumps, trusted the bounce but a risky leave still;
83.3;?;Bracewell to Clarke, no run ooh, short and wide and he tried to cut that, got an inside edge and it didn't miss the off stump by much;
83.2;3;Bracewell to Haddin, 3 runs punched, short of a good length and it's cracked through point and cover for three more;
83.1;2;Bracewell to Haddin, 2 runs Haddin gets a couple, angling towards middle and leg and he turns it through square leg;
82.6;?;Martin to Clarke, no run this one goes the other way, a touch too wide and he lets it through;
82.5;?;Martin to Clarke, no run beaten, Martin has Clarke poking at a full delivery that swung in, just missed the outside edge, nice carry to the keeper;
82.4;?;Martin to Clarke, no run short of a good length outside off, nips back in and he shoulders arms to it;
82.3;1;Martin to Haddin, 1 run gets an inside edge, a thick one, towards square leg for a single;
82.2;?;Martin to Haddin, no run nips back in from a good length, Haddin gets right behind it;
82.1;?;Martin to Haddin, no run Martin keeps nagging away, outside the off stump, leaves it alone;
81.6;2;Bracewell to Clarke, 2 runs bowls it full on the pads, it's a gift, tickled down towards fine leg for a couple of runs;
81.5;?;Bracewell to Clarke, no run a touch wider this time but the movement is still there, Clarke lets that go;
81.4;?;Bracewell to Clarke, no run bounce again and this one nips away, short of a good length and just enough movement to leave Clarke staring at the pitch;
81.3;?;Bracewell to Clarke, no run good bounce, Bracewell is bending his back, short and wide and Clarke had a slash at that one, missed;
81.2;4lb;Bracewell to Clarke, 4 leg byes that one slides down the leg side and Clarke, trying to glance it down, produces a deflection off his pads, four leg-byes;
81.1;?;Bracewell to Clarke, no run slides that one on a good length outside off, leaves it be;
80.6;?;Martin to Haddin, no run keeps hitting that corridor line does Martin, hardly ever strays, left alone to the keeper;
80.5;?;Martin to Haddin, no run loose shot by Haddin once again, chasing a wide one and was fortunate not to get an outside edge, he's been kept quiet, that's an understatement, look at the number of balls he's consumed;
80.4;?;Martin to Haddin, no run nips back in from back of a length and Haddin does a good job, dropping it in front of the slips;
80.3;?;Martin to Haddin, no run short of a good length outside off and that one holds its line, left alone by Haddin;
80.2;?;Martin to Haddin, no run beaten, that was full and Haddin went for it, his first attempt at an attacking shot today, moved away to beat the outside edge;
80.1;?;Martin to Haddin, no run gets it ti swing in again, lands on a good length and Haddin allows it to go;
79.6;?;Bracewell to Clarke, no run left alone to the keeper;
79.5;4;Bracewell to Clarke, FOUR runs brings up his 17th Test century in style, a lovely drive down the ground, pitched it up and he drove it imperiously through the line, raised his bat immediately upon impact because he knew where that was heading and it was received by a rapturous applause all across the ground from this relatively sparse but spirited Saturday crowd, well played Pup, though there's been some fortune involved too;
79.4;?;Bracewell to Clarke, no run short of a good length on the off, rocks on the back foot and punches it towards cover;
79.3;?;Bracewell to Clarke, no run bowled it on a good length on the off, pushed it back firmly towards the bowler;
79.2;?;Bracewell to Clarke, no run targeting a good length this time, Clarke gets a stride out and defends it towards cover;
79.1;?;Bracewell to Clarke, no run drops it short on the off, Clarke is nicely behind that one and defends it back to the bowler;
78.6;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run slower through the air, defended towards point, and that's lunch;
78.5;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run around a good length, defended towards silly point, Clarke will be on 99 going into lunch;
78.4;1;Vettori to Clarke, 1 run short on middle, worked away off the back foot past midwicket, gets a sinlge but wisely decides against the second as the fielder slides and gathers it quickly;
78.3;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run shortish on the off, rocks onto the back foot and defends it to extra cover, seems like he wants to bide his time on this;
78.2;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run keeps it flat, bowled it on the off, stretches forward and plays it to cover;
78.1;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run fullish on the off, defended towards extra cover;
77.6;?;Bracewell to Haddin, no run short of a good length on the off, gets back and defends it to cover;
77.6;1w;Bracewell to Haddin, 1 wide banged in short and it's called a wide, a touch too high and it's called a wide by Rauf;
77.5;?;Bracewell to Haddin, no run shaping away from the right hander, in the channel and Haddin isn't going to chase those now;
77.4;?;Bracewell to Haddin, no run bowled it on a good length on the off, Haddin drives that firmly but straight to extra cover;
77.3;?;Bracewell to Haddin, no run short of a good length outside off, he's maintained a consistent 132-136 kmph speed, left alone to the keeper;
77.2;?;Bracewell to Haddin, no run good length on the off, plays back to that one, defending it in the direction of point;
77.1;1;Bracewell to Clarke, 1 run bowls it full outside off, dug it out past point for a single, moves on to 98;
76.6;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run angling in towards middle, Haddin negotiates it cautiously towards silly point;
76.5;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run turning away from a good length outside off, left alone to the keeper;
76.4;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run tossed up on the off, driven through the line to mid-off;
76.3;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run slightly short on middle and off, stays back to that one and plays it in front of silly point;
76.2;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run shortish on middle, rocks back and plays it down the pitch;
76.1;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run flighted outside off, driven firmly towards extra cover;
75.6;1;Bracewell to Haddin, 1 run bangs in short on middle, Haddin rolls his wrists over that one and plays it down to deep square leg for a single;
75.5;?;Bracewell to Haddin, no run angling in towards middle, plays it from the crease towards mid-on;
75.4;?;Bracewell to Haddin, no run full toss on middle and Haddin treats it cautiously, defending it to extra cover;
75.3;?;Bracewell to Haddin, no run short of a good length outside off, lets that through to the keeper;
75.2;?;Bracewell to Haddin, no run aiming ofr the yorker, ends up being a low full toss, Haddin defends it towards mid-off;
75.1;?;Bracewell to Haddin, no run back of a length on middle and off, Haddin gets on the back foot to defend it towards cover;
74.6;4;Vettori to Clarke, FOUR runs Clarke moves closer to a century, short ball and Clarke just uses the pace there, chopped that past slip and then point, quicker delivery from Vettori;
74.5;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run fullish on the off, gets forward and defends it towards cover;
74.4;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run rocks on the back foot and plays it to short extra cover;
74.3;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run short of a good length on the off, quicker through the air, pushed towards mid-off;
74.2;4;Vettori to Clarke, FOUR runs Clarke moves into the 90s, short ball and he picked the length early, waited for it to turn away and pulled it hard over midwicket to collect a boundary;
74.1;1;Vettori to Haddin, 1 run tossed up on middle, there is a long-on in place and Haddin drives that down the ground to pick a single;
73.6;?;Bracewell to Clarke, no run bowled it full on the off, driven straight to extra cover;
73.5;?;Bracewell to Clarke, no run good length on the off stump, holds its line, Clarke defends it towards mid-off;
73.4;?;Bracewell to Clarke, no run fires in a yorker and it's well negotiated by Clarke who digs it out into the leg side;
73.3;?;Bracewell to Clarke, no run good length outside off and that one holds its line, leaves it alone;
73.2;?;Bracewell to Clarke, no run angling in towards middle, drives it towards midwicket;
73.1;2;Bracewell to Clarke, 2 runs bowlde it full outside off, opens the face to drive it through point for a couple of runs;
72.6;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run tossed it on the off, Haddin gets a stride out and defends it silly point;
72.5;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run the arm ball bowled short on middle, played down to midwicket;
72.4;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run floating it on middle, pushes it gently back towards the bowler;
72.3;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run on the off stump, played it soundly to cover;
72.2;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run flighted it on the off, gets forward and pushes it through the line;
72.1;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run full on the off, driven straight to mid-off;
71.6;?;Bracewell to Clarke, no run angling in towards the off stump fromwide of the crease, defended back to the bowler;
71.5;?;Bracewell to Clarke, no run back of a length on the off, gets on the back foot and defends it into the off side;
71.4;2;Bracewell to Clarke, 2 runs bowled it full on the off, punched it firmly past extra cover for a couple of runs;
71.3;?;Bracewell to Clarke, no run goodish length on the off, pushes it firmly towards cover;
71.2;?;Bracewell to Clarke, no run goodish length on the off, defended towards extra cover;
71.1;?;Bracewell to Clarke, no run sliding down the leg side, angling on leg stump and going down further, Clarke tried to drive that through midwicket and was rapped on the pads;
70.6;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run the arm ball on leg stump, knocks it down towards short leg;
70.5;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run shortish on the off, pushed off the back foot to extra cover;
70.4;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run angling in towards middle, plays it straight back to the bowler;
70.3;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run fullish outside off, square-driven to point;
70.2;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run stretches forward and defends it into the off side;
70.1;W;Vettori to Hussey, OUT Vettori strikes with a wicket at the other end, he's done this numerous times, tossed up and gets it to turn in with a bit of extra bounce, Hussey lurched forward to defend, got an inside edge onto his pads and was caught at short leg by Ryder;Michael Hussey c Ryder b Vettori 15 (82m 49b 2x4 0x6) SR: 30.61;
69.6;?;Bracewell to Clarke, no run dropped, Bracewell's unfortunate once again, that could have just taken the inside edge, the wicketkeeper Reece Young moved a touch too much to his left there and had to gather the ball to his right, fullish on the off and moved in, Clarke got forward to drive it towards cover, got an clear inside edge as Hot Spot confirmed but Reece Young couldn't cover it well enough, and it didn't help that the ball moved away as well just as it was getting to him;
69.5;?;Bracewell to Clarke, no run wide of the crease again, around a good length outside off, Clarke gets forward and shoulders arms;
69.4;?;Bracewell to Clarke, no run goodish length outside off, nipped away and he left it be;
69.3;?;Bracewell to Clarke, no run pitched up on the off stump, driven straight to extra cover;
69.2;?;Bracewell to Clarke, no run the ball of the day so far, Bracewell went wide of the crease on that one, angled in towards the off stump and got it to nip away just a hint to beat the outside edge as Clarke tried to push through the line, superb delivery;
69.1;?;Bracewell to Clarke, no run short of a good length on the off, cracked off the back foot to extra cover;
68.6;1;Vettori to Clarke, 1 run bowled around leg stump, turns it off the back foot behind square for a single;
68.5;4;Vettori to Clarke, FOUR runs Clarke charges down the track, there is a slightly deepish mid-on in place and Clarke cleared him comfortably, lofting the bowler more in the wide long-on region to pick a boundary;
68.4;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run goodish length on middle and off, gets an inside edge onto the pads as he tries to play ti down;
68.3;?;Vettori to Clarke, no run flighted on middle, lands full and he just pushes it back to the bowler;
68.2;1;Vettori to Hussey, 1 run pushed it through towards mid-on to steal a quick single;
68.1;?;Vettori to Hussey, no run tossed up outside off, not much turn, Hussey leaves it be;

Bill: "@Ben: It's an outrage that you didn't select a token left-arm bowler and I dare say there needs to be more New South Welshmen in that side!"
 Innings Start
So Australia need just 19 to win. This morning was all about one man - James Pattinson. I know it looks hopelessly one-sided at the moment but this morning it didn't seem so. New Zealand had nine wickets in hand to wipe out the deficit but the top order was dwarfed by the debutant Pattinson. New Zealand didn't have the stomach for a fight, as indicated by many soft dismissals this morning.
Amir's had enough: 'I never understand Chris Martin. Why does he not just have a wild, mad swing? Just go beserk, dance down the wicket, try to swing the bat out of the ground! If you get out, and what? You can't do anything else anyways."
49.4;W;Lyon to Martin, OUT softest of dismissals! Catching practice for Starc, he gets forward and tamely lobs it to mid-off, won't come easier than that;Chris Martin c Starc b Lyon 0 (17m 10b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
49.3;?;Lyon to Martin, no run flatter delivery and he defends again;
49.2;?;Lyon to Martin, no run comes well forward and defends again;
49.1;?;Lyon to Martin, no run he's showing he's been practicing forward defense;
48.6;?;Siddle to Young, no run well not to be, too quick for him as he tries to whip it away, hits his thigh and rolls to the off side;
48.5;?;Siddle to Young, no run tries to run it off his pads but he gets an inside edge onto his boot, so he has to take a single off the next if he wants to keep Martin off the strike;
48.4;?;Siddle to Young, no run full again and he softly pushes sit down the pitch. will he take a single off the next ball?;
48.3;?;Siddle to Young, no run fuller in length outside off and he pushes it to the off side;
48.2;?;Siddle to Young, no run a bit short and he gets beside the line and chops it to point;
48.1;?;Siddle to Young, no run strays on the pads, four for the taking down to fine leg but Haddin falls to his left and collects it;
47.6;?;Lyon to Martin, no run tosses it outside off and he chases it and beats short third man, but nope Young isn't interested in the run. Let him have some runs Reece!;
47.5;?;Lyon to Martin, no run pushes it down the pitch;
47.4;?;Lyon to Martin, no run that's not a bad front foot drive, off the middle but straight to mid-off;
47.3;?;Lyon to Martin, no run gets right behind the line and defends;
47.2;?;Lyon to Martin, no run solid forward defense this time, not bat at all;
47.1;?;Lyon to Martin, no run nice leave by Martin, turns and beats the offstump;
46.6;4;Siddle to Young, FOUR runs full and wide and he chases it, neat square drive as he beats gully and backward point, now Martin will have the strike;
46.5;?;Siddle to Young, no run gets beside the line and taps it towards cover;
46.4;?;Siddle to Young, no run bangs it in short again, left alone, at this rate he'll leave holes on the pitch;
46.3;?;Siddle to Young, no run stays beside the line and knocks it down to point;
46.2;2lb;Siddle to Young, 2 leg byes strays on the pads and he gets a faint tickle and it races past the keeper and down to fine leg;
46.1;?;Siddle to Young, no run bangs it in short and he just manages to evade it;
45.6;3lb;Lyon to Young, 3 leg byes he tries to reverse sweep it but it beat the keeper and slip, given leg byes though;
45.5;?;Lyon to Young, no run shuffles and works it to short fine leg;
45.4;W;Lyon to Southee, OUT tosses it up and Southee can't resist a slog, connects but doesn't get the distance to clear deep midwicket, Warner's there and he runs and takes it well falling to his right;Tim Southee c Warner b Lyon 8 (20m 18b 2x4 0x6) SR: 44.44;
45.3;?;Lyon to Southee, no run leaves it alone and Haddin whips off the bails, Southee's foot was close to the line;
45.2;1;Lyon to Young, 1 run fetches it from outside off and sweeps to short fine leg;
45.1;?;Lyon to Young, no run comes down the pitch and checks his shot;
44.6;?;Siddle to Southee, no run another bouncer but within the limit, doesn't offer a shot again;
44.6;1w;Siddle to Southee, 1 wide sharp bouncer and Haddin has to leap to collect that, the umpire reckons that was too high;
44.5;?;Siddle to Southee, no run now he gets this one to shape away after pitching, Southee stays at the crease and flays at it;
44.4;?;Siddle to Southee, no run now Siddle cleverly pitches it up and dips it in, Southee slashes and misses;
44.3;?;Siddle to Southee, no run swerves away again, action replay, perhaps he should stand outside leg and give himself room;
44.2;?;Siddle to Southee, no run he persists with the short stuff around the off stump and Southee sways away;
44.1;?;Siddle to Southee, no run nips back in and he defends in front of the stumps;
43.6;?;Lyon to Young, no run thrusts his pad out, he leaves it alone;
43.5;?;Lyon to Young, no run stays back and defends with soft hands;
43.4;?;Lyon to Young, no run comes forward and smothers the spin;
43.3;?;Lyon to Young, no run comes well forward and defends and slips at the crease;
43.2;?;Lyon to Young, no run lunges forward and dives;
43.1;?;Lyon to Young, no run ouch! Full blooded sweep and poor Khawaja takes the blow on the back, he didn't flinch too much, he's fine;
42.6;?;Siddle to Southee, no run he brings this one back in and makes him play, he drops it down awkwardly on the pitch, Siddle can afford a laugh;
42.5;?;Siddle to Southee, no run and again Siddle peppers him with the fizzers outside off;
42.4;?;Siddle to Southee, no run very similar delivery, quicker I reckon, didn't get the speed, he does well to shy away from it;
42.3;?;Siddle to Southee, no run fizzed past Southee outside off, short and too quick for him to do anything;
42.2;1lb;Siddle to Young, 1 leg bye shuffles and knocks it to the on side, now let's see how Southee approaches this;
42.2;5nb;Siddle to Young, (no ball) FOUR runs he oversteps, outside off and he cuts him down towards third man for four;
42.1;2;Siddle to Young, 2 runs knocks it down to deep midwicket so Hughes and Warner will have to pad up after all;
41.6;?;Lyon to Southee, no run he prefers to shoulders arms this time, Southee will go for his shots;
41.5;4;Lyon to Southee, FOUR runs tossed up full and wide outside the off stump, he gets behind it and crashes it past mid-off;
41.4;?;Lyon to Southee, no run;
41.3;4;Lyon to Southee, FOUR runs streaky! He reaches out to drive and gets a thick outside edge which beats first slip;
41.2;?;Lyon to Southee, no run gets well forward and drives to mid-off;
41.1;?;Lyon to Southee, no run comes forward and defends to the off side;
40.6;W;Siddle to Brownlie, OUT that's exactly what I was saying - a short ball that makes him play, outside the off stump and he's tempted into the upper cut, he ends up lobbing it tamely towards point where Warner runs across and takes the catch easily, the umpires check to see if it was a no ball but it was legal;Dean Brownlie c Warner b Siddle 42 (125m 80b 4x4 0x6) SR: 52.5;
40.5;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run back of a length and shaping in, he gets back and defends;
40.4;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run that's a steep bouncer, Brownlie is alert as he sways backwards and evades it, perhaps Siddle needs to make him play a little more;
40.3;2;Siddle to Brownlie, 2 runs stays back and clips him wide of midwicket, the fielder dives;
40.2;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run stays beside the line this time and defends down the pitch;
40.1;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run lunges beside the line and dabs it to the off side;
39.6;?;Hussey to Young, no run full on the off stump and driven down to mid-off;
39.5;?;Hussey to Young, no run fullish outside off and left alone;
39.4;W;Hussey to Vettori, OUT Australia sneak in another just before lunch! Soft dismissal, he tries to steer it down to third man, risky proposition considering there was a slip in place, the ball bounced a bit more than he expected, Clarke takes it at deep first slip. Clarke deserves credit for the mainly because he stationed himself deep although Haddin was upto the stumps;Daniel Vettori c Clarke b Hussey 17 (74m 63b 0x4 0x6) SR: 26.98;
39.3;1;Hussey to Brownlie, 1 run clips it to the on side;
39.2;?;Hussey to Brownlie, no run gets forward and pushes it to mid-off;
39.1;?;Hussey to Brownlie, no run gets forward and defends;
38.6;1;Warner to Brownlie, 1 run gets beside the line and cuts to sweeper cover;
38.5;?;Warner to Brownlie, no run miscues a pull to midwicket;
38.4;?;Warner to Brownlie, no run pushes it towards cover;
38.3;?;Warner to Brownlie, no run;
38.2;?;Warner to Brownlie, no run pushed to the on side;
38.1;4;Warner to Brownlie, FOUR runs Dropped And Pattinson denies Warner a wicket with his first ball in Tests! Tough chance though, long hop, pulled towards deep midwicket, Pattinson runs to his left and times his dive well but he fails to hang on, the ball rolls to the fence;
37.6;?;Hussey to Vettori, no run angles it across the left-hander, he shoulders arms;
37.5;?;Hussey to Vettori, no run comes forward and defends;
37.4;?;Hussey to Vettori, no run tries to bowl a fuller length to force the mistake, Vettori decides to play it with soft hands to the on side;
37.3;?;Hussey to Vettori, no run gets forward and defends with soft hands;
37.2;?;Hussey to Vettori, no run pushes this one softly down to cover;
37.1;?;Hussey to Vettori, no run sprays it wide outside off, he lets it go;
36.6;1;Pattinson to Vettori, 1 run stays beside the line and gently pushes it wide of cover;
36.5;?;Pattinson to Vettori, no run lands it outside the off stump and he safely shoulders arms;
36.5;2nb;Pattinson to Brownlie, (no ball) 1 run he oversteps, tucks this one in front of mid-on;
36.4;?;Pattinson to Brownlie, no run defends this one back to the bowler;
36.3;4;Pattinson to Brownlie, FOUR runs that's a neat square cut, he bowled that at a fairly gentle pace, he got beside the line, rolled the wrists and caressed it past backward point;
36.2;?;Pattinson to Brownlie, no run;
36.1;1lb;Pattinson to Vettori, 1 leg bye pushes it off the front foot;
35.6;1;Hussey to Vettori, 1 run shuffles and clips it to the on side;
35.5;?;Hussey to Vettori, no run comes forward and pushes it to the off side;
35.4;2;Hussey to Vettori, 2 runs fetched a short delivery wide outside off and went for the pull, never in control of that but safely along the ground, the sweeper mops up;
35.3;1;Hussey to Brownlie, 1 run digs it in short and he has time to shuffle across and tuck it behind square on the on side;
35.2;1;Hussey to Vettori, 1 run drifts a bit on the pads and he runs it down to fine leg;
35.1;?;Hussey to Vettori, no run angles it wide outside off and he's happy to let it go to Haddin;
34.6;4lb;Pattinson to Brownlie, 4 leg byes he strays on the pads and he turns his bat and neatly runs it down to fine leg, rare ordinary over from Pattinson;
34.5;4;Pattinson to Brownlie, FOUR runs well played, Brownlie looked really comfortable with the pull, picked the length early, swiveled and pulled along the ground down to long leg;
34.4;?;Pattinson to Brownlie, no run stays at the crease and plays it inside out down to cover;
34.3;?;Pattinson to Brownlie, no run stays on the backfoot and he tucks it down to midwicket;
34.2;?;Pattinson to Brownlie, no run drifts on the body and he clips it down to square leg;
34.1;?;Pattinson to Brownlie, no run loosener outside off, Brownlie hangs his bat out and softly pats it towards mid-off;
33.6;1;Lyon to Brownlie, 1 run forced down to mid-on and it's a good effort by Hussey to slide to his right and stop it;
33.5;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run tossed up outside off, gets across and defends;
33.4;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run comes well forward and drives him down to mid-off;
33.3;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run gets right across and defends;
33.2;1lb;Lyon to Vettori, 1 leg bye tossed down the leg side, nudges it off his pad down to fine leg;
33.1;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run defends with soft hands to forward short leg;
32.6;?;Hussey to Brownlie, no run gets forward and gets the wide slip fielder into action, drops short of him;
32.5;?;Hussey to Brownlie, no run stays back and defends;
32.4;1;Hussey to Vettori, 1 run he drops it short and Vettori pounds it to deep square leg, Warner does brilliantly to slide to his left, saved three runs there;
32.3;?;Hussey to Vettori, no run stays on the backfoot and defends down the pitch;
32.2;?;Hussey to Vettori, no run gets beside the line and taps it towards point;
32.1;?;Hussey to Vettori, no run loosener wide outside off, he safely lets it go;
31.6;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run stays back and defends again;
31.5;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run goes across his stumps and tucks it to the on side;
31.4;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run comes forward and smothers the turn;
31.3;1;Lyon to Vettori, 1 run gets beside the line and pats it towards point;
31.2;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run stays back and defends towards forward short leg;
31.1;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run stays back and defends with soft hands;
30.6;?;Starc to Brownlie, no run stays beside the line and steers it down to cover;
30.5;?;Starc to Brownlie, no run bangs it in short this time and he ducks under that bouncer;
30.4;2;Starc to Brownlie, 2 runs punched off the backfoot just wide of cover for an easy single;
30.3;1;Starc to Vettori, 1 run fetches it from the off stump and clips across the line to midwicket;
30.2;3;Starc to Brownlie, 3 runs strays outside off and Brownlie leans across and punches it well past the gap, perhaps not enough to carry it down to the cover boundary;
30.1;?;Starc to Brownlie, no run good length on that off stump line and he gets behind it to defend;
29.6;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run defends with soft hands to the on side;
29.5;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run comes well forward and smothers the spin;
29.4;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run slides down the leg side and he doesn't offer a shot;
29.3;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run flatter delivery, he gets forward and defends;
29.2;2;Lyon to Vettori, 2 runs low full toss, he turns the face of the bat and works it wide of mid-on;
29.1;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run stays back and tucks it towards short fine leg;
28.6;1;Starc to Vettori, 1 run good length on off and middle and he tucks it to the on side;
28.5;?;Starc to Vettori, no run full and he gets some late away swing, impressive stuff because it lands on the blockhole outside off, he digs it out;
28.4;?;Starc to Vettori, no run a bit short and he gets beside the line and steers it down towards cover;
28.3;?;Starc to Vettori, no run opens the face and steers him down to gully;
28.2;?;Starc to Vettori, no run pushes it softly to the leg side;
28.1;?;Starc to Vettori, no run Starc nearly removes him after drinks, half-hearted prod, nearly shaves the outside edge, well bowled;
27.6;1;Lyon to Vettori, 1 run pushes it towards cover and sets off, there's a direct hit at the batsman's end but he's safe;
27.5;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run;
27.4;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run turns away and he doesn't offer a shot;
27.3;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run gets forward and smothers the spin;
27.2;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run comes forward and defends down the track;
27.1;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run tossed up and pushes it to the off side;
26.6;1;Starc to Vettori, 1 run full on the stumps and swinging in, Vettori tries to work it past midwicket but mistimes it;
26.5;?;Starc to Vettori, no run gets across and pushes it down towards cover;
26.4;1;Starc to Brownlie, 1 run shapes to drive a lot straighter but he gets an inside edge that rolls to fine leg;
26.3;?;Starc to Brownlie, no run lazy drive outside off, Starc tries something different by spraying it wide outside off, not far from the edge;
26.2;?;Starc to Brownlie, no run goes back and defends down the track;
26.1;?;Starc to Brownlie, no run stays beside the line and defends to the off side;
25.6;1;Lyon to Brownlie, 1 run shuffles and clips it behind square on the on side;
25.5;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run skidded through from the rough, watchfully lets it go to the keeper;
25.4;1;Lyon to Vettori, 1 run shuffles and clips it to the on side;
25.3;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run turns from the rough, he doesn't offer a shot;
25.2;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run comes well forward and pushes it to cover;
25.1;1;Lyon to Brownlie, 1 run goes back and clips it down to square leg;
24.6;?;Siddle to Vettori, no run pushes it down to point, Siddle has tried hard this morning, hasn't bowled badly at all;
24.5;?;Siddle to Vettori, no run full outside off and he places it to cover;
24.4;?;Siddle to Vettori, no run pitches outside off and he safely lets it go;
24.3;1;Siddle to Brownlie, 1 run gets forward and eases this one down to cover;
24.2;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run Brownlie safely lets it go outside the off stump;
24.1;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run defends this one to the off side;
23.6;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run thrusts forward and shoulders arms;
23.5;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run gets well forward and pushes it to cover;
23.4;1;Lyon to Brownlie, 1 run tosses it up outside off to tempt the batsman into making a mistake, he gets forward and drives along the ground;
23.3;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run goes right across and defends with soft hands;
23.2;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run stays right behind the line and defends;
23.1;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run tossed up on the off stump and he defends;
22.6;?;Siddle to Vettori, no run angles across him and he shoulders arms;
22.5;?;Siddle to Vettori, no run ducks under that bouncer, Siddle is exerting himself here;
22.4;?;Siddle to Vettori, no run pushes it softly down to cover;
22.3;?;Siddle to Vettori, no run shapes across him and he shoulders arms;
22.2;?;Siddle to Vettori, no run defends this one down the pitch;
22.2;1nb;Siddle to Vettori, (no ball) he oversteps, he tucks it down to midwicket;
22.1;2;Siddle to Vettori, 2 runs full and angling across, he gets forward and angles it towards cover;
21.6;?;Lyon to Brownlie, no run stays back and defends back to the bowler;
21.5;1;Lyon to Vettori, 1 run turn and bounce and he dabs it past Clarke at slip to get off the mark;
21.4;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run gets well forward and defends;
21.3;?;Lyon to Vettori, no run tucks it just wide of forward short leg;
21.2;W;Lyon to Ryder, OUT well I guess I spoke too soon! Tossed up outside off, quite generous with the flight, Ryder wanted to take him on straight away by coming down the pitch, scoops it but can't beat mid-off, Hussey cups it over his head;Jesse Ryder c Hussey b Lyon 36 (63m 38b 6x4 0x6) SR: 94.73;
21.1;?;Lyon to Ryder, no run tucks it to the off side;
20.6;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run stays right behind the line and defends;
20.5;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run bangs it in short and not for the first time this morning Brownlie arches back to evade it;
20.4;1;Siddle to Ryder, 1 run stays back and punches it softly down to cover;
20.3;?;Siddle to Ryder, no run just opens the face of the bat and softly taps it down to point;
20.2;?;Siddle to Ryder, no run shapes to drive but he gets a thick inside edge onto his boot;
20.1;1;Siddle to Brownlie, 1 run pushes a single down to extra cover;
19.6;?;Starc to Ryder, no run heads up! The short ball shoots in as he tries to evade it and he gets hit on the helmet, lobs towards slips, he's doing fine;
19.5;4;Starc to Ryder, FOUR runs take that! Wide outside off, he stays at the crease, reaches out his bat and simply slaps it past the covers, quite like the lazy elegance;
19.4;2;Starc to Ryder, 2 runs risky considering there was a fielder stationed in the deep, pulls and miscues it but it falls in the region of deep midwicket;
19.3;?;Starc to Ryder, no run that hurries on Ryder a bit, he somehow manages to get his bat behind the line to defend;
19.3;1w;Starc to Ryder, 1 wide;
19.2;1lb;Starc to Brownlie, 1 leg bye tucks it to the on side and picks up a single;
19.1;1;Starc to Ryder, 1 run full on the pads and whipped easily behind square on the on side;
18.6;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run another fizzer, this time even shorter and the same result;
18.5;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run good bouncer, fizzes past Brownlie who arches back to evade it;
18.4;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run tempts him to drive and bowls it a bit quicker, he pushes it towards mid-on;
18.3;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run doesn't move his feet much but he manages to defend it safely down the pitch;
18.2;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run gets across and pushes it to mid-off off the full face of the bat;
18.1;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run stays behind the line and tucks it to the on side;
17.6;?;Starc to Ryder, no run Ryder wants to smack that to the ocean, tries to fetch a short ball from outside off, swishes at thin air, too early on that pull;
17.5;?;Starc to Ryder, no run tucked towards midwicket, tells Brownlie to stay back;
17.4;?;Starc to Ryder, no run swings it in late and a watchful Ryder gets behind the line and defends;
17.3;?;Starc to Ryder, no run aims for the inswinging yorker and Ryder safely squirts it out;
17.2;?;Starc to Ryder, no run defends this one softly to the off side;
17.1;4;Starc to Ryder, FOUR runs pitched up on the pads and he whips it confidently in the air over mid-on, the substitute Floros gives the chase;
16.6;?;Pattinson to Brownlie, no run fuller delivery and he pushes it down to mid-off;
16.5;?;Pattinson to Brownlie, no run just a bit short but Brownlie gets behind it and safely taps it to the off side;
16.4;?;Pattinson to Brownlie, no run gets beside the line and steers him down to gully;
16.3;?;Pattinson to Brownlie, no run full and honing in on middle and off, Brownlie squeezes it out firmly down the pitch;
16.2;2;Pattinson to Brownlie, 2 runs a bit shorter and he shuffles and tucks it wide of short leg;
16.1;2;Pattinson to Brownlie, 2 runs fires it full on the pads and he clips it away behind square on the on side;
15.6;?;Starc to Ryder, no run gets it to climb on Ryder, he manages to fend it off;
15.5;1;Starc to Brownlie, 1 run tucks it down to midwicket for a quick single;
15.4;3;Starc to Ryder, 3 runs another drive but not as well timed, two fielders give the chase and they pull it back before the cover boundary;
15.3;4;Starc to Ryder, FOUR runs that's the neatest boundary we've seen in a while, full and a touch wide outside off, he drives through the line and crashes it past cover;
15.2;3;Starc to Brownlie, 3 runs generous with his width and a bit short too, slices it wide of gully;
15.1;1;Starc to Ryder, 1 run gets forward to Starc and softly pushes it towards cover and takes a single;
14.6;1;Pattinson to Ryder, 1 run full and wide and pushes it towards mid-off;
14.5;4;Pattinson to Ryder, FOUR runs Pattinson shouldn't mind that too much, gets him to drive a full delivery angling across and he gets an outside edge which just beats gully;
14.4;?;Pattinson to Ryder, no run hits the deck hard and it's another bouncer, Haddin fumbles;
14.3;?;Pattinson to Ryder, no run fullish in length and he pushes it softly towards cover;
14.2;?;Pattinson to Ryder, no run shapes across the left-hander and he doesn't offer a shot;
14.1;?;Pattinson to Ryder, no run lands it outside off and he lets it go to the keeper;
13.6;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run lands it outside off and gets it to shape in, he safely lets it go;
13.5;4;Siddle to Brownlie, FOUR runs outside edge but he keeps it down, the ball drops to the right of third slip and pokes through the gap between the slips and gully;
13.4;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run Siddle nearly had his man there! Had him fishing outside the off stump, beaten for pace I'd reckon;
13.3;?;Siddle to Brownlie, no run gets an inside edge which is intercepted by short leg, can Brownlie survive this procession here?;
13.2;1;Siddle to Ryder, 1 run pushes it towards cover with soft hands and takes a quick single;
13.1;?;Siddle to Ryder, no run bangs it in short and he lets it go down the leg side;
12.6;?;Pattinson to Brownlie, no run pitches it closer on the off stump line and Brownlie lets it go to Haddin;
12.5;?;Pattinson to Brownlie, no run defends this one off the backfoot;
12.4;?;Pattinson to Brownlie, no run bangs it in a bit short and he lets it go down the leg side;
12.3;W;Pattinson to Bracewell, OUT The procession continues! Pattinson takes five on debut, he pitches it up outside off and induces the drive, Bracewell's intentions were right but he failed to drive through the line, thin edge through to Haddin;Doug Bracewell c ?Haddin b Pattinson 2 (29m 20b 0x4 0x6) SR: 10;
12.2;?;Pattinson to Bracewell, no run this time he strays down the leg side and Bracewell thinks about glancing it down;
12.1;?;Pattinson to Bracewell, no run Pattinson makes Bracewell duck, a bouncer that sails over his arched back;
11.6;?;Siddle to Ryder, no run stays beside the line and steers it to the off side;
11.5;?;Siddle to Ryder, no run stays back and defends softly;
11.4;4;Siddle to Ryder, FOUR runs Ryder smiles as that reaches the fence, drops his bat on that one outside off and the outside edge travels safely between slips and gully;
11.3;1lb;Siddle to Bracewell, 1 leg bye drifts on the body and he tucks it just wide of short leg off the pads, everything's happening at the Gabba;
11.2;?;Siddle to Bracewell, no run whoopsy that was close to the outside edge, Bracewell had a poke at it;
11.1;?;Siddle to Bracewell, no run keeps it on a good length outside off and he lets it go to the keeper;
10.6;?;Pattinson to Ryder, no run angles away from him and he safely lets it go to the keeper;
10.5;?;Pattinson to Ryder, no run Pattinson squares him up outside the off stump, manages to fend it off;
10.4;4;Pattinson to Ryder, FOUR runs Ryder gets a thick inside edge and he's lucky that didn't rattle his stumps, drives away from the body, races to fine leg;
10.3;?;Pattinson to Ryder, no run lands it outside off and gets good bounce and carry to the keeper;
10.2;2;Pattinson to Ryder, 2 runs full on the pads and he clips him down to midwicket;
10.1;?;Pattinson to Ryder, no run nothing terribly threatening with that ball but Ryder took his eyes off that completely, decided not to offer a shot, takes it on the arm;
9.6;?;Siddle to Bracewell, no run just about manages to get his bat behind that to defend, the ball rolls to the off side;
9.5;?;Siddle to Bracewell, no run keeps it on a good line and length outside the off stump, holds its line before reaching the keeper;
9.4;?;Siddle to Bracewell, no run;
9.3;?;Siddle to Bracewell, no run he lets this one go easily outside the off stump;
9.2;?;Siddle to Bracewell, no run and once again he probes outside the off stump, you can sense the nerves here;
9.1;?;Siddle to Bracewell, no run lands outside the off stump and he half heartedly lets it go;
8.6;?;Pattinson to Ryder, no run that wasn't far from a hat-trick! Close! Pattinson fires it on the blockhole outside off, too quick for Ryder but the ball misses the off stump, his bat thuds the pitch, boy anything could have happened with that one;
8.5;W;Pattinson to Taylor, OUT would you believe it he's on a hat-trick! Boy what's happening to New Zealand this morning! Pitched up outside the off stump, he moved across and had a poke at it, got the bottom half of the bat and Haddin takes it easily;Ross Taylor c ?Haddin b Pattinson 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
8.4;W;Pattinson to Williamson, OUT what a start so far for Pattinson! Better still he has sent back two specialist batsmen, angles this from outside off and gets it to shape inwards, induces Williamson to drive at it, thick outside edge and Ponting judges it well to his right at second slip;Kane Williamson c Ponting b Pattinson 0 (2m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
8.3;?;Pattinson to Williamson, no run pitches it up on the off stump, he drives half heartedly and misses;
8.2;W;Pattinson to Guptill, OUT didn't take too long for Australia to strike this morning! Pattinson was aiming for the body, Guptill couldn't fend it off properly, was on the ribs and the ball lobs off the top half of the bat and Khawaja takes it easily at short leg;Martin Guptill c Khawaja b Pattinson 12 (36m 33b 2x4 0x6) SR: 36.36;
8.1;?;Pattinson to Guptill, no run Guptill was completely squared up by that one which shaped away after pitching;
7.6;2;Siddle to Bracewell, 2 runs Bracewell gets off the mark with a push past cover;
7.5;?;Siddle to Bracewell, no run lands it outside the offstump and he lets it go;
7.4;?;Siddle to Bracewell, no run;
7.3;1;Siddle to Guptill, 1 run pushes it towards cover;
7.2;?;Siddle to Guptill, no run;
7.1;4;Siddle to Guptill, FOUR runs full and driven down the ground past mid-off;
6.6;?;Pattinson to Bracewell, no run much closer to the stumps and Bracewell wisely withdraws his bat to leave it alone, end of the day, and Australia got what they wanted in these seven overs;
6.5;?;Pattinson to Bracewell, no run a touch too wide again perhaps, much fuller and Bracewell leaves it alone;
6.4;?;Pattinson to Bracewell, no run short of a good length on middle, pushes it towards midwicket off the back foot and doesn't take the run, he's a nightwatchman;
6.3;?;Pattinson to Bracewell, no run short of a good length outside off, moving away and there is enough width this time to ignore completely;
6.2;?;Pattinson to Bracewell, no run beaten completely, that one held its line, angled in, a goodish length and Bracewell had to play at it, did so inside the line and missed it;
6.1;W;Pattinson to McCullum, OUT Bazza goes! Pattinson bowled that from slightly wide of the crease and got it to nip away from short of a good length, McCullum moved slightly across and tried to play that with soft hands but the pace and bounce was too good for the ball to drop down, edged it straight into the hands of second slip, Ponting took it just in front of his head, Australia on top;Brendon McCullum c Ponting b Pattinson 1 (28m 10b 0x4 0x6) SR: 10;
5.6;?;Siddle to Guptill, no run a slight leading edge, short again on middle, tried to turn it square but ended up playing it into the off side in front of the bowler;
5.5;?;Siddle to Guptill, no run short of a good length on the off, bowled at 149kmph, defended into the off side on the back foot;
5.4;?;Siddle to Guptill, no run back of a length on middle, gets on the back foot and plays it down into the leg side;
5.3;?;Siddle to Guptill, no run hitting the pitch hard, angling it away from the right hander, short of a good length, Guptill withdrew his bat and let it be;
5.2;?;Siddle to Guptill, no run that's called a no-ball, an attempted bouncer, was a borderline call, his foot was just on the line;
5.2;1nb;Siddle to Guptill, (no ball);
5.1;4;Siddle to Guptill, FOUR runs a gift ball, short outside leg stump and Guptill wasn't going to waste this opportunity, whips it to the fine-leg boundary;
4.6;1;Pattinson to Guptill, 1 run short of a good length on middle, taps it past the bowler towards mid-on for a single;
4.5;?;Pattinson to Guptill, no run pitched up on the off and this one swung in, driven straight to mid-off;
4.4;?;Pattinson to Guptill, no run getting some shape away from the right hander, a bit too much width, left alone and again, excellent carry;
4.3;?;Pattinson to Guptill, no run good length outside off and holds its line, shoulder arms to that one;
4.2;?;Pattinson to Guptill, no run targeting middle and off, gets to the pitch this time and drives it soundly to mid-on, came off the meat;
4.1;1lb;Pattinson to McCullum, 1 leg bye shortish on leg stump and he tried to work that behind square, was struck high on gthe thigh and took a leg-bye;
3.6;?;Siddle to Guptill, no run defended solidly this time, bowled it on a good length on off stump, defended to mid-off;
3.5;?;Siddle to Guptill, no run fishing at one and then pretending to withdraw, short of a good length outside off and just a hint of away movement, Guptill poked at it and was beaten;
3.4;?;Siddle to Guptill, no run good length on middle, gets front and across and defends it with a closed face to forward short leg;
3.3;?;Siddle to Guptill, no run full and wide, swinging away as well and he chooses to leave it alone;
3.2;2;Siddle to Guptill, 2 runs straight on middle and leg, flicked away through square leg for a couple of runs, he's off the mark is Guptill;
3.1;?;Siddle to Guptill, no run bowled at 138kmph, Siddle slides that down the leg side, Guptill tries to glance it down fine, doesn't make contact;
2.6;?;Pattinson to McCullum, no run hit on the shoulder, banged in short on middle and McCullum tried to evade it by ducking, took his eyes off the ball and was smacked on the shoulder, he didn't show the pain;
2.5;?;Pattinson to McCullum, no run good length and nips back in this time and takes off the pitch, Haddin takes it over his head after McCullum leaves it be;
2.4;?;Pattinson to McCullum, no run drops it short outside off, holds its line and McCullum allows it through;
2.3;?;Pattinson to McCullum, no run short of a good length on the off, gets on the back foot to defend it towards extra cover;
2.2;?;Pattinson to McCullum, no run drops it short outside off and McCullum leaves it alone, testing few overs these;
2.1;?;Pattinson to McCullum, no run dropped it short outside off and Bazza swayed out of the way there, working up some good pace is Pattinson;
1.6;?;Siddle to Guptill, no run bowls it short on the off, goes through to the keeper, holds its line this time;
1.5;?;Siddle to Guptill, no run short of a good length outside off, moving away and he leaves it alone;
1.4;?;Siddle to Guptill, no run beaten, some outswing there and went away further after pitching, Guptill poked at that one and missed;
1.3;?;Siddle to Guptill, no run short of a good length outside off, moving away and he leaves it alone;
1.2;1;Siddle to McCullum, 1 run back of a length on middle, turned away behind square for a single;
1.1;?;Siddle to McCullum, no run fires it on a good length on middle and leg, McCullum gets across and pushes it towards midwicket;
0.6;?;Pattinson to Guptill, no run that nipped through him, short of a good length and darted back in to beat him through the gate, Guptill, yet again, was late in playing it and missed it completely;
0.5;?;Pattinson to Guptill, no run good bounce, bowled at 143.5 kmph, short of a good length and hint of movement away, Guptill shoulders arms to that one;
0.4;?;Pattinson to Guptill, no run fires it on the off stump, on a good length and again it held its line, Guptill got forward and played it a little awkwardly with an open face;
0.3;?;Pattinson to Guptill, no run back of a length on middle, gets on the back foot and defends it on the pitch;
0.2;?;Pattinson to Guptill, no run ooh, bowled at 146.3 kmph, Guptill was too slow in playing that, landed on a good length outside off and held its line and Guptill's bat came down too late on that one, missed it completely;
0.1;?;Pattinson to Guptill, no run short of a good length outside off, holds its line and he lets it through;

Welcome back. We'll have about half-an-hour of play. Pattinson will start things off. Guptill and McCullum are the openers. The light seems fine. Three slips and a gully
 Innings Start
I don't think even the Australians would have expected such an easy outing today. It was one bad day for New Zealand where everything went horribly wrong. Something for the two Johns - Wright and Buchanan - to ponder over. But we all know they're a much better team than this so no need to despair. Australia had the worst of days at Newlands not too long ago. Happens to the best of them.
The players have all the time in the world now to sign autographs.
We'll let you know who the Man of the Match is as soon as we receive word.
The Man of the Match is James Pattinson. Thanks for pointing out the error about Bracewell picking up the award in his debut match. I must have been dreaming! I really need to catch up on sleep. Don't ask!
That's all we can bring to you for now I'm afraid. No pictures of the presentation unfortunately. There's of course the report by Brydon Coverdale and analysis by Dan Brettig to keep you going. Thanks for the mails and your company. We'll see you again soon. Cheers (on behalf of Sid Talya, Nitin and Raghav) !
2.2;4;Bracewell to Warner, FOUR runs so Warner does the honours! Short outside the off stump and he fetches it and clubs it high over mid-on, too easy for Warner, Australia are 1-0 up;
2.1;4;Bracewell to Warner, FOUR runs he overpitches first up, Warner was waiting for it with a straight bat, defensive punch past the bowler and mid-off;
1.6;?;Martin to Khawaja, no run slants across the left-hander, he safely lets it go, that ends a very good over, pity he has just eight runs to defend;
1.5;?;Martin to Khawaja, no run gets behind the line and tucks it to short leg;
1.4;?;Martin to Khawaja, no run;
1.3;?;Martin to Khawaja, no run Khawaja's also squared up, edged but well short of slip;
1.2;W;Martin to Hughes, OUT he gets him this time! Seems a bit farcical here, poor shot again from Hughes, it was shaping away and perhaps better off left alone, he lashes at it and he's taken at gully;Phillip Hughes c Guptill b Martin 7 (6m 6b 1x4 0x6) SR: 116.66;
1.1;?;Martin to Hughes, no run Dropped Hughes was all at sea really and so was McCullum, Hughes tamely pokes his bat at a delivery angling on his body, the ball hits the shoulder of the bat and McCullum juggles and makes a mess of it at second slip;
0.6;?;Southee to Warner, no run drops it down towards short cover and tells his partner to stay back;
0.5;4;Southee to Warner, FOUR runs that's why he wants the strike, short and wide and Warner will not let those go, carves it over gully, no problems;
0.4;3;Southee to Hughes, 3 runs swings it towards the pads and he whips it behind midwicket, Warner shows more urgency in the running and pushes for three;
0.3;?;Southee to Hughes, no run full outside the off stump and he safely lets this one go as well;
0.2;?;Southee to Hughes, no run lands it outside the off stump, he shoulders arms;
0.1;4;Southee to Hughes, FOUR runs just 15 needed now, good way ti get going, gets width outside off, follows the movement and punches it past gully;

Hughes and Warner walk out to finish things off
 Innings Start