Data
Brilliant recovery from India here. At point they were 55 for 5 in the 17th over, and have been able to recover to 308 for 6. With the front line batsman getting out to some rather silly shots, it was left to the 'keepers' to have to mop up the mess. The pair put on a 211-run stand for the sixth wicket to effectively push the game in India's favour. This is Karthik's second ton, albeit in warm-up matches, after his unbeaten 106 against Sri Lanka on June 1, so the selectors should certainly take notice.
Karthik: "I've been hitting the ball really well. When you come in at six, its important to assess the situation. When you have Dhoni around its important to rotate the strike. I guess I have got some good bats (when asked where his power comes from). It was a good bowling attack, and it feels good to get some runs. I have had a good IPL and its important to keeping the same momentum from that and its important to keep going from there. I've always been very comfortable playing in the middle order so hopefully that will continue."
We will be right back once the second innings commences. In the mean time, why not take in Firdose Moonda's revealing interview with Andy Waller, Zimbabwe's head coach, in their pursuit for a berth in the 2015 ODI World Cup.
Do check in with the other ongoing match, as West Indies take on Sri Lanka in Edgbaston. Innings break there but promises to be a riveting chase as well.
For now its a temporary good-bye from me. Do join us in about 20 minutes for live coverage of the second innings.
49.6;1;Marsh to Karthik, 1 run full and wide and Karthik drives to extra-cover for a single.;
49.5;1;Marsh to Jadeja, 1 run full and on middle and leg. Jadeja can do little more than dig it out to long-off for a single;
49.4;1;Marsh to Karthik, 1 run full and on off stump. Karthik steers this to third man for a single;
49.3;2;Marsh to Karthik, 2 runs dropped short and wide. Karthik steps to the offside and tries to maneuver this over short fine leg for a boundary. Carries to short fine leg and Karthik is able to return to his crease before the throw from the fielder;
49.2;2;Marsh to Karthik, 2 runs short ball on middle going down leg. Karthik pulls strongly to midwicket and Faulkner runs in from the deep but is unable to reach and the opportunity is missed;
49.1;4;Marsh to Karthik, FOUR runs pitches short and down leg side. Karthik waits on it before hooking to the fine leg boundary;
48.6;1;Faulkner to Karthik, 1 run full and outside off. Karthik squeezes to extra-cover for a single.;
48.5;?;Faulkner to Karthik, no run full and wide once again. Karthik unable to get bat on it and it carries to the keeper;
48.4;4;Faulkner to Karthik, FOUR runs full and outside off. Karthik threads it through the gap on the offside for a boundary.;
48.3;1;Faulkner to Jadeja, 1 run on a length outside off. Jadeja drives on the up to long-off;
48.2;1;Faulkner to Karthik, 1 run full and outside off. Karthik steers to third man for a single;
48.1;4;Faulkner to Karthik, FOUR runs full and outside off. Karthik gets back before hitting over extra-cover for a boundary;
19.6;?;Faulkner to Karthik, no run back of a length on the off stump and is confidently defended into the off side;
19.5;2;Faulkner to Karthik, 2 runs Back of a length and bouncing up to his hips. Soft hands turns it down to fine leg and the two Indian wicketkeepers sprint across to complete a double;
19.4;?;Faulkner to Karthik, no run fullish and on the stumps. he moves across and defends it to the on side;
19.3;?;Faulkner to Karthik, no run tries to steer the ball to third man but there's not enough pace and the keeper moves to his left to collect it without much trouble;
19.2;1;Faulkner to Dhoni, 1 run Dug in, but Dhoni is quick on the back foot and hooks it down so the ball safely goes along the ground to fine leg;
19.1;1;Faulkner to Karthik, 1 run On the front foot to that one full and around off stump. Driven to mid-off, not well timed;
18.6;4;Johnson to Dhoni, FOUR runs Lovely shot, made it look completely effortless. Full and swinging into the pads. Dhoni brings those powerful wrists into play and whips it off through midwicket;
18.5;?;Johnson to Dhoni, no run Angled across and moves away. Dhoni hangs his bat but he's beaten;
18.4;1;Johnson to Karthik, 1 run Walks down the pitch and the bowler pulls the length. It goes to square leg;
18.3;1;Johnson to Dhoni, 1 run On the pads, he's on the back foot and turns it down to fine leg;
18.3;1w;Johnson to Dhoni, 1 wide Oh thats very wide. The swing takes it just to the wrong end of that wide marker;
18.2;1;Johnson to Karthik, 1 run On the pads and its turned down to fine leg off the front foot;
18.1;?;Johnson to Karthik, no run Fullish length, swinging away. Karthik leaves it alone on the front foot;
47.6;1;Starc to Karthik, 1 run;
47.5;1;Starc to Jadeja, 1 run yorker angling in to middle. Jadeja plays to short mid wicket;
47.4;6;Starc to Jadeja, SIX runs full and outside off. Jadeja was ready for it gets deep in the crease before lofting over long-off for a six.;
47.3;4;Starc to Jadeja, FOUR runs short and outside off. Jadeja plays a ramp shot off the back foot and is able to just beat the fielder at third man for a boundary;
47.2;1;Starc to Karthik, 1 run yorker length on middle. Karthik squeezes it to point for a single;
47.1;4;Starc to Karthik, FOUR runs Starc going around and delivers a length ball going on off and middle. Karthik lets it come to him before cutting over point for a boundary. Can't bowl short to Karthik in this kind of form;
46.6;1;Faulkner to Karthik, 1 run yorker length outside off. Karthik digs it out and is able to sneak a single;
46.5;1;Faulkner to Jadeja, 1 run short on middle, seaming to the off side. Jadeja tucks it away to the leg side for a single to get off the mark. Always a good feeling for the batsman;
46.4;1;Faulkner to Karthik, 1 run full ball outside off. Karthik lofts it to sweeper cover;
46.3;W;Faulkner to Dhoni, OUT full and outside off. With minimal footwork Dhoni lofts to the long-off boundary with another hopeful six but ends up finding Mitchell Johnson near the boundary. Superb rescue innings from Dhoni as India were in all sorts of trouble when he arrived to the crease.;MS Dhoni c Johnson b Faulkner 91 (77b 6x4 4x6) SR: 118.18;
46.3;1w;Faulkner to Dhoni, 1 wide Faulkner delivers this way wide down the off side. Umpire calls it wide.;
46.2;4;Faulkner to Dhoni, FOUR runs yorker on middle and Dhoni plays his trademark helicopter shot as he powers it with a flick to the square boundary. He's a dangerous man in the closing overs.;
46.1;1;Faulkner to Karthik, 1 run full and outside off. Karthik forward to push it to extra-cover;
17.6;?;Faulkner to Dhoni, no run Fuller and he moves forward to defend it softly;
17.5;?;Faulkner to Dhoni, no run outside off just back of a length and its left alone;
17.4;?;Faulkner to Dhoni, no run Bangs it in, but its outside off and Dhoni drops his hands and lets it go;
17.3;1;Faulkner to Karthik, 1 run full outside off, Karthik chooses to play it and hits it out to mid-off;
17.2;?;Faulkner to Karthik, no run Back of a length, just outside off stump. Karthik guides it to point off the back foot and David Warner dives spectacularly to save that one;
17.1;?;Faulkner to Karthik, no run Full and outside off. Karthik chooses to play at that and it goes off to mid-off;
16.6;4;Johnson to Dhoni, FOUR runs on the pads and Dhoni moves across on his back foot and plays it down the fine leg with the smallest of fuss;
16.5;1;Johnson to Karthik, 1 run Uppish, but there's no fielder at gully. Flashed at it. The ball was wide, but was back of a length and third man is left to tidy up;
16.4;?;Johnson to Karthik, no run Fuller now and Karthik drives it off to the covers.;
16.3;?;Johnson to Karthik, no run Well bowled. Using the left armer's angle and a little bit of swing takes it across the edge of Karthik;
16.2;1;Johnson to Dhoni, 1 run Dug in short again. Dhoni jumps on his back foot and ticks it off through the midwicket region;
16.1;W;Johnson to S Dhawan, OUT Short ball and he's gone. A predictable equation for Indian batsmen. Its dug in around head high. He looks to hook it, but the ball is well outside off stump and the ball lobs out to mid-on where its easily taken;Shikhar Dhawan c McKay b Johnson 17 (39b 2x4 0x6) SR: 43.58;
15.6;?;Faulkner to Karthik, no run full and around the off stump. Defended confidently into the covers;
15.5;?;Faulkner to Karthik, no run Faulkner answers with a slower ball. Karthik is down the track and he misses it, beaten by absence of pace;
15.4;4;Faulkner to Karthik, FOUR runs Good use of the feet. Makes it into a half volley and easily flicks it through midwicket and times it well enough to take it to the boundary;
15.3;?;Faulkner to Karthik, no run goes down the track to this one. Its full on off stump and driven to cover;
15.2;?;Faulkner to Karthik, no run Good line, angling across the right-hander and swinging away. Karthik leaves it alone;
15.1;?;Faulkner to Karthik, no run back of a length just outside off and he guides it to point.;
14.6;1;Johnson to Karthik, 1 run Karthik walks down and pushes a fullish ball outside off straight down just wide of mid-off for a single;
14.5;?;Johnson to Karthik, no run full and outside off, Karthik drives it to the fielder at cover;
14.4;1;Johnson to S Dhawan, 1 run a bit shorter this time outside off, Dhawan makes room a bit and guides it to third-man for a single;
14.3;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run full outside off, Dhawan drives it on the off side;
14.2;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run quick and right in the block hole, Dhawan gets his bat down but it hits his toe first and a half-hearted appeal from Australia isn't entertained much. It was pretty close and ball-tracking showed it clipping leg stump;
14.1;1;Johnson to Karthik, 1 run short ball on middle stump, Karthik goes back in the crease and defends it with soft hands for a quick single;
13.6;2;Faulkner to S Dhawan, 2 runs full and drifting towards Dhawan's pads, he flicks it on the on side for a couple of runs;
13.5;?;Faulkner to S Dhawan, no run good length ball outside off, Dhawan defends it off the back foot;
13.4;1;Faulkner to Karthik, 1 run short of good length on the middle stump, Karthik works it to fine-leg for a single;
13.3;?;Faulkner to Karthik, no run full outside off, Karthik drives it straight to cover;
13.2;?;Faulkner to Karthik, no run Karthik walks down to a good length ball outside off and flicks it to the left of mid-on;
13.1;?;Faulkner to Karthik, no run full outside off, Karthik drives it off the front foot to mid-off;
12.6;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run short one outside off, Dhawan watched it till the last second and left it alone to the keeper;
12.5;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run full towards middle and off, Dhawan pushes it back to the bowler off the front foot;
12.4;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run similar delivery just around off, bit short this time, Dhawan goes to the back foot and guides it to point;
12.3;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run good length ball on the off stump, Dhawan drives straight to cover;
12.2;1;Johnson to Karthik, 1 run good length ball on middle stump, Karthik pushes it towards cover for a single;
12.1;?;Johnson to Karthik, no run a short ball around leg stump, left alone by Karthik;
11.6;?;McKay to S Dhawan, no run a little full around off and swinging a bit away from him, Dhawan drives to cover for a dot ball;
11.5;?;McKay to S Dhawan, no run pitches just outside off, Dhawan stays int he crease and guides it to point by opening the face of bat;
11.4;1;McKay to Karthik, 1 run Karthik comes down again and flicks a length ball on off stump towards midwicket for a quick single to get off the mark;
11.3;?;McKay to Karthik, no run Karthik walks down the pitch and defends another one which pitched outside off and was coming towards him;
11.2;?;McKay to Karthik, no run coming back in after pitching around off on good length, Karthik defends it on the front foot;
11.1;?;McKay to Karthik, no run pitches way outside off and comes back in a bit, Karthik leaves it alone;
10.6;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run good length ball just outside off, Dhawan opens the face of the bat and guides it to point;
10.5;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run a tad shorter than drivable length outside off, Dhawan chooses to leave it alone;
10.4;4;Johnson to S Dhawan, FOUR runs pitched further up outside off and Dhawan cashes in on it, he comes forward a bit and drives it through he covers with a straight bat for a four;
10.3;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run closer to the off stump just short of good length, Dhawan leaves it alone again, although it came back in a bit after pitching;
10.2;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run good line and length from Johnson outside off, Dhawan leaves it alone;
10.1;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run good length ball on off, Dhawan defends it solidly on the off side;
9.6;W;McKay to Raina, OUT this wasn't a short ball and it didn't swing much either but Raina is gone. It pitched on leg stump and was going straight, Raina goes back in the crease to play it off his pads and misses it completely as he was standing in front of the off stump. The ball hits middle and leg stumps. Raina was expecting a short one there;Suresh Raina b McKay 0 (4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
9.5;?;McKay to Raina, no run outside off on good length again, Raina leaves it alone this time;
9.4;?;McKay to Raina, no run drivable length outside off, Raina drives tentatively and it takes the edge to second slip but fals short;
9.3;?;McKay to Raina, no run good length ball around off and swings away, Raina goes back to defend it and misses it by a long away;
9.2;W;McKay to Rohit Sharma, OUT pitches way outside off but this one comes back in a bit after pitching, Rohit wanted to play at it and leaves it alone at the last moment, but the ball bounced enough to clip the edge of the bat and hit the stumps. Another dismissal because of the batsman's fault, this one would have missed the stumps by a long way;Rohit Sharma b McKay 10 (14b 2x4 0x6) SR: 71.42;
9.1;1;McKay to S Dhawan, 1 run on the leg stump, Dhawan pushes it towards mid-on and calls for another quick single, not a direct hit and makes it on time again, without a dive this time;
8.6;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run pitches around leg going towards Rohit's pads, who plays to midwicket for no runs;
8.5;1;Johnson to S Dhawan, 1 run good length ball on middle, Dhawan defends it on the off side and calls for a single immediately, dives at the non-striker's end to make it on time;
8.4;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run short outside the off stump, goes straight to the keeper as it's left alone;
8.3;1;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run good length ball on middle stump, angling away, Rohit goes back a bit and pushes it on the off side for a single;
8.2;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run full and way outside off, Rohit goes down on one knee and drives it straight to cover;
8.1;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run short of good length outside off and going away further, left alone by the batsman;
7.6;?;McKay to S Dhawan, no run short of good length on the leg stump, Dhawan goes back a bit plays it to midwicket;
7.5;?;McKay to S Dhawan, no run around the middle stump, pushed back by Dhawan;
7.4;1;McKay to Rohit Sharma, 1 run good length ball outside off, Rohit tries to play it on the off side but manages an edge on the other side of the pitch for a single;
7.3;?;McKay to Rohit Sharma, no run good length ball around middle and leg, pushed to midwicket on the front foot;
7.3;1w;McKay to Rohit Sharma, 1 wide pitches way outside off stump and swings further away for a wide;
7.2;4;McKay to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs just outside the off stump and a tad slower this time, it takes the outside edge and goes between the keeper and the first slip, neither of them goes for the catch and a lucky boundary for Rohit;
7.1;?;McKay to Rohit Sharma, no run outside the off stump on good length and coming back in, Rohit leaves it alone;
6.6;?;Starc to S Dhawan, no run good length ball around off stump, Dhawan defends it straight back towards mid-on;
6.5;?;Starc to S Dhawan, no run pitches around middle and leg and swinging down leg, Dhawan tries to flick it and this one hits his pads;
6.4;4;Starc to S Dhawan, FOUR runs full outside off again and Dhawan gets it off the middle this time, pierces the gap between extra cover and point, crisp timing there;
6.3;?;Starc to S Dhawan, no run full and way outside the off stump, Dhawan goes for a flamboyant drive down on one knee but doesn't connect;
6.2;?;Starc to S Dhawan, no run good length ball right aorund the off stump, Dhawan comes forward and defends it solidly;
6.1;?;Starc to S Dhawan, no run full on the off stump, Dhawan drives it back to to the bowler who gets a hand to it and saves some runs;
5.6;?;McKay to Rohit Sharma, no run pitches outside off again and comes back in a bit, left alone by the batsman;
5.5;?;McKay to Rohit Sharma, no run drivable length outside the off stump, Rohit leaves it alone;
5.4;3;McKay to S Dhawan, 3 runs outside off with a bit of room, Dhawan opens his arms and drives it between cover and mid-off for three runs;
5.3;?;McKay to S Dhawan, no run left alone outside the off stump;
5.2;4b;McKay to S Dhawan, 4 byes he drifts down further and this one is wide down the leg side, the keeper also misses it and it's gone all the way to the boundary;
5.1;?;McKay to S Dhawan, no run on the leg stump and a bit full, Dhawan misses it while trying ot drive it down and a big appeal for lbw. Going down the leg side and declared not out;
4.6;?;Starc to Rohit Sharma, no run outside the off stump on good length, left alone by the batsman;
4.5;?;Starc to Rohit Sharma, no run good length ball on middle and leg, Rohit tries to play it to the leg side but it misses his bat and strikes him on his pads;
4.4;4;Starc to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs full toss on the pads and swinging down the leg side further, Rohit plays it off the pads and it beats the fine leg fielder;
4.3;W;Starc to Kohli, OUT this is pitched outside leg and is drifting further down and Kohli wans to glance it and only manages an edge to the keeper. No need to wait for the umpire as Kohli walks on his own. Starc has a grin on his face as it wasn't quite a wicket-taking delivery;Virat Kohli c ?Wade b Starc 9 (12b 1x4 0x6) SR: 75;
4.2;?;Starc to Kohli, no run short on the middle stump, Kohli goes back on the back foot and defends it;
4.1;?;Starc to Kohli, no run full just a bit outside off, Kohli comes forward to push it down the ground but it takes an inside edge to midwicket;
3.6;?;McKay to S Dhawan, no run good length ball around the off stump and angling away, Dhawan goes back a bit and leaves it alone;
3.5;1;McKay to Kohli, 1 run good length ball outside off, Kohli opens the face of the bat to guide it to third man for a single;
3.4;?;McKay to Kohli, no run fuller this time outside off and Kohli leaves it alone again;
3.3;?;McKay to Kohli, no run straight on good length outside off, Kohli leaves it alone;
3.2;4;McKay to Kohli, 4 runs full on the off stump, but it's slow and Kohli works his wrists to place it between mid-on and midwicket. It's a slow outfield and the batsmen run four as it doesn't reach the boundary;
3.2;1w;McKay to Kohli, 1 wide pitches it way outside off and it swings further away for a wide;
3.1;1;McKay to S Dhawan, 1 run outside off and angling away, Dhawan prods tentatively and it takes and outside edge towards the third man;
2.6;?;Starc to Kohli, no run goes further away from the batsman after pitching outside off, Kohli shoulders his arms;
2.5;?;Starc to Kohli, no run Starc goes outside off again, Kohli leaves it alone;
2.4;4;Starc to Kohli, FOUR runs just a bit full on the off stump, Kohli comes on the front foot and drives it down the ground, it flicks Starc's boot on the way to a boundary. Not a very straight bat but times to perfection;
2.3;?;Starc to Kohli, no run outside off on good length again, Kohli leaves it again;
2.2;?;Starc to Kohli, no run good length ball outside off stump and angling away, left alone by Kohli;
2.1;W;Starc to Vijay, OUT full and on the middle stump in the block hole, big appeal from the bowler and the umpire has given it out, poor decision that one. Vijay got his bat down but just in time and got a big inside edge but there is no DRS in warm-ups so Vijay has to walk back;Murali Vijay lbw b Starc 1 (9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 11.11;
1.6;?;McKay to S Dhawan, no run wide of the off stump and angling away from Dhawan, left alone by the batsman;
1.5;?;McKay to S Dhawan, no run pitches on off and angling away, Dhawan pokes his bat out and it misses his bat by a couple of inches;
1.4;?;McKay to S Dhawan, no run good length ball on middle stump, Dhawan goes on to the back foot and defends it;
1.3;1;McKay to Vijay, 1 run full outside off again, Vijay pushes it a bit wide of the fielder at cover for a single;
1.2;?;McKay to Vijay, no run good length ball outside off, Vijay puts his front foot forward and drives it straight to cover;
1.1;?;McKay to Vijay, no run almost full outside the off stump, Vijay plays it a bit in the air to point off the front foot;
1.1;1w;McKay to Vijay, 1 wide slow and way outside the off stump, swings away further to the keeper, left alone for a wide;
0.6;?;Starc to S Dhawan, no run good length ball on middle and off, defended solidly by Dhawan;
0.6;1w;Starc to S Dhawan, 1 wide full and outside the leg stump, going down further, signalled wide by the umpire;
0.5;1lb;Starc to Vijay, 1 leg bye shorter on the leg stump this time, Vijay tries to glance and misses it, but it's swinging down the leg side and the fielders and Starc appeal in vain as the batsmen run for a leg-bye;
0.4;?;Starc to Vijay, no run full again, this time on the off stump, Vijay defends it on the front foot;
0.3;?;Starc to Vijay, no run full outside off again, Vijay pokes his bat out without much footwork but misses it;
0.2;?;Starc to Vijay, no run short on the leg stump, is going down the leg side and just clips Vijay's pads on the way to the keeper;
0.1;?;Starc to Vijay, no run full and outside off, Vijay drives it straight to point on the front foot;

Hello and welcome to our coverage of this warm-up game between India and Australia in Cardiff. MS Dhoni has won the toss and decided to bat.
The teams are out for the anthems which was not seen in the earlier matches. Sourav Ganguly said in the pitch report it should be a high-scoring match. It's a bright and sunny day in Cardiff and the first ball is going to be balled soon.
M Vijay and Shikhar Dhawan are in the middle and Mitchell Starc will bowl the first over. A bit of a delay here because there is something kept in front of the sight screen, waiting to be covered.
 Innings Start
India have rolled up Australia for 65, with only two of their batsmen scoring in double figures. Yadav was the star, knocking over the first five wickets to fall even before he'd finished bowling five overs himself. This would have been the biggest loss for Australia in a One-Day game, if this was an official match.
Stay with us for thoughts from both captains
George Bailey: It was a really disappointing performance, but if you have to have a day like this its better its on a practice game. This was not the result we were after. Dhoni and Karthik batted really well and we couldn't get that sixth wicket. Our new ball attack was good. We discussed that after the last game and everyone who took the new ball bowled really well
Dhoni: Well, to start off Dinesh batted really well. That partnership between me and him got us to a respectable score and then the bowling was up to the mark. We used five bowlers and all of them got wickets. Umesh is one of the quickest bowlers we have and with the two paced pitch here, the ball was holding up, not much, but just enough which was why there were so many inside edges. (When asked on his batting) I was looking to get to the best place on the field- the non-striker's end and Karthik is a great runner between the wickets. Thats something all the batsmen should work on, getting those one and a half runs into twos. (On the selection dilemma with Karthik in such good form) I think he has earned his place in the side and we'll just have to see who misses out when we play against South Africa. I'd like him to play at the top of the order but we'll see.
Well, thats about it from us here. Thanks for joining us today, but wait, there's another match still in full flow in Birmingham where Sri Lanka are putting on a fight against West Indies who put up 297 in the first innings. So stay tuned to that.
23.3;W;Ashwin to Voges, OUT And its all over. Another Aussie batsman plays on. He goes deep in the crease but the ball turns and there is not enough width to play the cut shot and the inside edge is taken and it crashes into the stumps.;Adam Voges b Ashwin 23 (49b 2x4 0x6) SR: 46.93;
23.2;1;Ashwin to McKay, 1 run on the stumps and its hit out to mid-on;
23.1;1;Ashwin to Voges, 1 run shortish ball. Moves back and pulls it out to deep square leg;
22.6;?;Jadeja to McKay, no run drifting into the pads and he defends it out to midwicket;
22.5;2;Jadeja to McKay, 2 runs flighted but angled down leg and he flicks it backward of square;
22.4;?;Jadeja to McKay, no run good lines. Jadeja's at the stumps as usual and McKay flicks it to the on side;
22.3;?;Jadeja to McKay, no run goes back on the crease and pushes it back to the bowler;
22.2;?;Jadeja to McKay, no run shorter ball on off stump and its pushed out to mid-off;
22.1;?;Jadeja to McKay, no run angles it into the stumps and is defended safely back down the wicket;
21.6;?;Ashwin to Voges, no run another leading edge as he looks to play through midwicket. The ball goes out square on the off side;
21.5;1;Ashwin to McKay, 1 run is that the carrom ball? He plays for the off spin but the ball straightens and takes the outside edge to go down just behind point;
21.4;?;Ashwin to McKay, no run flighted on off stump and he comes forward and defends it;
21.3;W;Ashwin to Starc, OUT Angled in to middle stump. There's another loud appeal for leg before and the batsmen sneak a single in the commotion, but there's a direct hit from Dhawan at fine leg which finds Starc short.;Mitchell Starc run out (Dhawan) 0 (4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
21.2;1;Ashwin to Voges, 1 run flighted and in line with the stumps. He moves forward and hits it down to long-on;
21.1;?;Ashwin to Voges, no run Flighted and outside the off stump. The batsman pads it away and there's a loud appeal. The impact was outside off. Umpire unmoved;
20.6;?;Jadeja to Starc, no run;
20.5;?;Jadeja to Starc, no run another;
20.4;1;Jadeja to Voges, 1 run angled down the pads and he turns it down behind square on the leg side;
20.3;?;Jadeja to Voges, no run Straighter ball. Jadeja's natural variation. Voges goes back and defends it;
20.2;3b;Jadeja to Starc, 3 byes More turn for Jadeja. Nicely flighted and aimed outside off. He comes forward and drives lazily and the ball sneaks through bat and pad;
20.1;1;Jadeja to Voges, 1 run flighted and drifting into the off stump, and he moves forward to play it to extra;
19.6;W;Sharma to Johnson, OUT And there's the fourth chop-on in this innings. Back of a length and well outside off stump. He looks for an expansive shot through the covers but his feet dont move one bit. The inside edge clatters into the stumps;Mitchell Johnson b Sharma 2 (9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 22.22;
19.5;?;Sharma to Johnson, no run full and just outside off stump. He drives to mid-off who dives to his left and stops it going further;
19.4;1;Sharma to Voges, 1 run Short and wide. He goes back and chops it off to sweeper cover;
19.3;1;Sharma to Johnson, 1 run fuller and a little slower. He leans forward and dabs it out to cover;
19.2;?;Sharma to Johnson, no run Good shot but to no avail. Full ball outside off. Enough room for him to use a free flow of the bat but the ball goes only as far as the cover fielder;
19.1;?;Sharma to Johnson, no run just outside off on a good length. He stays on his crease and defends it back down the pitch;
18.6;1;Jadeja to Johnson, 1 run shorter ball, went back and punched to long-on to get him off the mark;
18.5;?;Jadeja to Johnson, no run;
18.4;?;Jadeja to Johnson, no run Good turn there. Flighted ball outside off and it turns slowly, but sharply to wrap him on the pads. Jadeja politely raises an appeal;
18.3;1;Jadeja to Voges, 1 run leans forward and pushes it down to mid-on;
18.2;?;Jadeja to Voges, no run fuller on off stump again and he defends it to the off side;
18.1;?;Jadeja to Voges, no run little turn for Jadeja. Fullish on the off stump. He plays it out to the off side after waiting for the turn;
17.6;?;Sharma to Johnson, no run Back of a length outside off and he blocks it from the back foot;
17.5;W;Sharma to Faulkner, OUT And Sharma has his second. He moved across his stumps and the ball dips in sharply and wraps him on the pads and would have clattered into leg stump.;James Faulkner lbw b Sharma 7 (17b 0x4 0x6) SR: 41.17;
17.4;?;Sharma to Faulkner, no run Back of a length outside off, Faulkner presents the angled bat and steers it to point;
17.3;1;Sharma to Voges, 1 run Short ball, outside off and he rocks back to pull it around behind square;
17.2;?;Sharma to Voges, no run Good line. He's attacking the stumps and Voges defends it back to the bowler;
17.1;?;Sharma to Voges, no run full and outside off, Voges moves forward and pushes it out to point;
16.6;2;Jadeja to Faulkner, 2 runs Flatter and down the leg side, He turns it around to fine leg off the back foot, for Ashwin to chase it down;
16.5;1;Jadeja to Voges, 1 run fuller ball, on the front foot and pushes it to long-off;
16.4;?;Jadeja to Voges, no run fuller ball, on the front foot and pushes it to mid off;
16.3;?;Jadeja to Voges, no run quicker this time and the batsman moves back and across to block it safely;
16.2;1;Jadeja to Faulkner, 1 run shorter and flatter and down the leg side. Its turned around off the back foot to square leg;
16.1;?;Jadeja to Faulkner, no run Good line on off stump and its defended back to the bowler;
15.6;1;Sharma to Faulkner, 1 run slightly fuller outside off, Faulkner drives to deep point for a single;
15.5;1;Sharma to Voges, 1 run good length ball on the off stump, pushed to mid-on for a single off the back foot;
15.4;1;Sharma to Faulkner, 1 run full and outside off, Faulkner opens the face of the bat to work it to third man;
15.3;?;Sharma to Faulkner, no run short of good length and outside off, pushed to point by Faulkner;
15.2;?;Sharma to Faulkner, no run fuller outside off this time, Faulkner defends it to cover who runs in to save the single;
15.1;?;Sharma to Faulkner, no run short and outside off, cut straight to point by Faulkner;
14.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Voges, no run good length ball outside off, Voges defends off the crease;
14.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Voges, no run well outside off and much slower, it hardly bounces and Voges is unable to connect this one;
14.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Voges, no run fuller outside off, Voges drives again just wide of mid-off and Karthik gets there in time to avoid a single;
14.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Voges, no run outside off on good length, Voges drives it to cover;
14.2;1;Bhuvneshwar to Faulkner, 1 run closer to the stumps on good length, Faulkner pushes it on the on side for a single;
14.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Faulkner, no run good length ball outside off, defended off the back foot to point;
13.6;?;Sharma to Voges, no run good length ball on the off stump, Voges defends it back to the bowler of the back foot;
13.5;4;Sharma to Voges, FOUR runs pitched short well outside off, Voges gets room and cuts it handsomely between point and cover for a boundary;
13.4;?;Sharma to Voges, no run this one's fuller and produces the edge again. Outside off and makes the batsman drive which goes to second slip and falls a couple of yards short of him;
13.3;?;Sharma to Voges, no run short of good length on the off stump, Voges defends it to mid-on from the crease;
13.2;?;Sharma to Voges, no run comes in a little bit after pitching on good length outside off and cut to point by Voges;
13.1;?;Sharma to Voges, no run a bit short outside off stump, defended to mid-off by Voges;
12.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Faulkner, no run Australia could have been seven down. It pitched on good length outside off and Faulkner jabbed at it and went to first slip but fell just short of him;
12.5;1;Bhuvneshwar to Voges, 1 run outside off and short, it's cut to third man for a single off the back foot;
12.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Voges, no run outside off on good length and played back to the bowler with the inside half of the bat;
12.3;1;Bhuvneshwar to Faulkner, 1 run fuller towards off stump, it keeps low and Faulkner works it to third man for a single;
12.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Faulkner, no run good length one outside off, Faulkner lets it go;
12.1;1;Bhuvneshwar to Voges, 1 run good length ball on off, swinging towards middle played back to the bowler who picks it up and hits the stumps casually and they scamper for a single;
11.6;?;Sharma to Faulkner, no run this one is banged in short on the off stump, Faulkner goes back and defends it on his toes;
11.5;?;Sharma to Faulkner, no run banged in short well outside off and Faulkner lets it go to the keeper;
11.4;W;Sharma to Watson, OUT Watson has played on too! Ishant bowled this one short outside off and Watson tried to chop it to third man off the back foot but inside edges straight to his stumps. Australia in deep trouble here, six down within 12 overs;Shane Watson b Sharma 4 (5b 1x4 0x6) SR: 80;
11.3;1;Sharma to Voges, 1 run fuller on the middle stump, it's helped down the leg side towards fine leg by Voges for a single;
11.2;?;Sharma to Voges, no run good length one on off and going towards middle, Voges works it on the on side;
11.1;?;Sharma to Voges, no run banged in short outside off, defended to cover by Voges on the front foot;
10.6;4;Bhuvneshwar to Watson, FOUR runs this one's full outside off and Watson drives it beautifully through the covers to open his account with a boundary;
10.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Watson, no run short of good length outside off, Watson comes a bit forward and defends it back to the bowler;
10.4;1;Bhuvneshwar to Voges, 1 run outside off on good length, played down to third man with an open face of the bat by Voges;
10.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Voges, no run good length ball outside off, left alone by the batsman;
10.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Voges, no run fuller outside off and Voges defends again, it swings and takes an inside edge to the on side;
10.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Voges, no run good length ball outside off and defended in the crease by Voges;
9.6;?;Yadav to Watson, no run quicker and on middle and leg, going down further Watson plays it off his pads very fine but Dhoni gets a hand to it to save the runs;
9.5;?;Yadav to Watson, no run good length ball outside off and Watson defends it on the front foot;
9.4;W;Yadav to Marsh, OUT two in two and a fifer for Umesh, but that's a poor decision! This one is short of good length pitched outside off coming in towards the batsman and it goes through the gate clipping the pad on its way to the keeper. The umpire thought it took an edge and raised his finger;Mitchell Marsh c ?Dhoni b Yadav 0 (1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
9.3;W;Yadav to Hughes, OUT and another one is played on and Umesh gets another one. Short of good length on off and angling away, Hughes tries to pull it on the side but it takes his inside edge and goes on to the stumps. Four out of four for Umesh here;Phillip Hughes b Yadav 14 (20b 2x4 0x6) SR: 70;
9.2;4;Yadav to Hughes, FOUR runs a bit too full outside off and Hughes plays an uppish drive off the front foot for a boundary between cover and point;
9.1;1;Yadav to Voges, 1 run full towards the middle stump, worked to fine-leg for a single off the pads by Voges;
8.6;1;Bhuvneshwar to Voges, 1 run gives him room outside off and Voges slices it to third-man for a single;
8.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Voges, no run fuller towards the stumps, Voges leans forward and defends it towards midwicket;
8.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Voges, no run good length one outside off and Voges defends it back towards the bowler;
8.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Voges, no run good length ball on off, going towards middle, defended carefully by Voges on the on side;
8.2;1;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, 1 run slightly shorter outside off but closer to the stumps and Hughes works it wide of mid-off for a single;
8.1;4;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, FOUR runs short of good length outside off and Hughes leans back to cut it between point and third man for a boundary;
7.6;?;Yadav to Voges, no run full outside off and Voges drives it to point with soft hands;
7.5;1;Yadav to Hughes, 1 run pitched outside the leg stump and worked away to fine-leg for a single;
7.4;2;Yadav to Hughes, 2 runs fuller on the of stump and Hughes pulls it wide of fine leg for a couple of runs;
7.3;?;Yadav to Hughes, no run this one was short on the stump and bounces which makes Hughes jump and defend off the back foot;
7.2;?;Yadav to Hughes, no run around off this time and angling away, Hughes tries to pull but it doesn't sound as much;
7.1;?;Yadav to Hughes, no run short of good length leg stump, Hughes tries to work it down leg but is unable to do so;
6.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Voges, no run good length delivery on the off stump, Voges defends covering the line of the ball;
6.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Voges, no run outside off this time on good length and he lets it go;
6.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Voges, no run full and on middle stump, worked towards midwicket by Voges;
6.3;1;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, 1 run outside off and short of good length going further away, worked to third-man for a single;
6.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, no run fuller on the middle stump, Hughes comes forward and defends it;
6.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, no run short of good length on middle and Hughes goes back to defend it;
5.6;4;Yadav to Voges, FOUR runs full delivery towards Voges' pads and he works it on the on side with his wrists to the square leg boundary where the ball beats fine-leg fielder Bhuvneshwar;
5.5;W;Yadav to Bailey, OUT that's through Bailey's defence and Umesh strikes again. It pitched on off and looked like it would angle towards the middle stump, which Bailey plays for on the back foot, but it holds its line and goes straight to hit the off stump going past the outside edge;George Bailey b Yadav 1 (11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 9.09;
5.4;?;Yadav to Bailey, no run around off just short of good length, defended by Bailey;
5.3;?;Yadav to Bailey, no run short of good length just outside off and Bailey goes back and defends it;
5.2;?;Yadav to Bailey, no run outside off on good length and left alone by Bailey;
5.1;?;Yadav to Bailey, no run good length ball pitches around off and is drifting down leg. It skids on and Bailey misses it and there's an appeal from India for lbw turned down;
4.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, no run closer to the stump this time around middle stump, Hughes defends another one back towards the bowler;
4.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, no run around the off stump on good length, defended easily by Hughes;
4.4;1;Bhuvneshwar to Bailey, 1 run short of good length outside off, Bailey defends with soft hands and calls for a quick single. Would have been close if Kohli had picked that up running in from cover;
4.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Bailey, no run closer to the stumps around similar length, Bailey defends it off the back foot;
4.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Bailey, no run outside off again, this time Bailey is tempted to play at it. He prods and it misses his outside edge by a couple of inches;
4.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Bailey, no run outside off with a hint of swing coming in, Bailey leaves it alone;
3.6;1lb;Yadav to Bailey, 1 leg bye closer to middle stump and angling towards leg, worked towards the leg side for a leg-bye off the pads;
3.5;?;Yadav to Bailey, no run straight ball around good length around off stump, defended off the back foot by Bailey;
3.4;W;Yadav to Warner, OUT the good length outside off pays off! Pitched up there and Warner takes a step back to slash hard at it and edges it to Ashwin at first slip. Another duck from Warner after the one against West indies in the previous warm-up.;David Warner c Ashwin b Yadav 0 (11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
3.3;?;Yadav to Warner, no run outside off and short of drivable length, left alone to the keeper;
3.2;1;Yadav to Hughes, 1 run full and outside off, Hughes drives a bit late on that to third-man;
3.1;?;Yadav to Hughes, no run outside off on good length from Umesh, Hughes opens the face of the bat to work it straight to point;
2.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run closer to the off stump on good length, Warner drives it down the ground to mid-off by getting forward;
2.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run Bhuvneshwar is bowling consistently outside off with a little swing and Warner is consistently leaving them;
2.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run closer to the off stump and good length, Warner lets it swing away to the keeper;
2.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run fuller and wider outside off, Warner watches carefully and lets it go;
2.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run good length ball on middle and leg with a bit of swing, Warner works it towards midwicket;
2.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run outside off on good length, drives in the covers off the front foot;
1.6;?;Yadav to Hughes, no run slightly short on the leg stump, good bounce here and Hughes jumps on his toes to defend that one on the leg side;
1.5;?;Yadav to Hughes, no run full around good length outside off, left alone;
1.4;?;Yadav to Hughes, no run absolutely full this time, almost in the block hole on off stump, Hughes gets his bat down in time to defend it;
1.3;?;Yadav to Hughes, no run short outside off, this one has extra bounce and pace and is angling away, Hughes leaves it at the last moment;
1.2;W;Yadav to Wade, OUT this wasn't as short as Wade expected it to be. Short of good length on middle and off and angling away, Wade goes for the pull but the extra pace takes his inside edge and he is played on.;Matthew Wade b Yadav 5 (5b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
1.2;1w;Yadav to Wade, 1 wide quite a bit outside off on good length, Wade leaves it alone;
1.1;4;Yadav to Wade, FOUR runs slightly short on the middle stump, Wade goes to the back foot and pulls it to the midwicket boundary for a four;
0.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run good length ball on the pads, pushed to midwicket by Warner;
0.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run wider off the off stump, Warner comes forward and shoulders his arms;
0.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run short of good length just round the off stump, left by Warner as it was swinging away;
0.3;1;Bhuvneshwar to Wade, 1 run down the leg side again, played off the pads to fine-leg for a single;
0.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Wade, no run little short and outside off, left alone by Wade;
0.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Wade, no run short of good length on the leg stump, Wade pushes it to midwicket off his pads;

3.05 pm The Indian team has taken the field and Australia's openers Matthew Wade and David Warner have walked out to bat. Bhuvneshwar Kumar will open for India.
 Innings Start
Cardiff, Jun 4 2013, Australia tour of England and Scotland
308/6
65
Player of the match is 
