Data
18:17 local, 08:17 GMT Confirmed - Australia's target is 196, courtesy the D/L method, from 45 overs.
18:08 local, 08:08 GMT So India are all out for 194 in their 45 overs. Lee takes the ball and holds it up to the cheering crowd as he walks off. The covers are back on. Players head off to get dry. Drizzle continues.
I will monitor conditions and let you know what happens about Australia's chase, as well as what Messrs Duckworth and Lewis have to say.
44.6;W;Lee to Sreesanth, 2 runs, OUT gives himself room to leg stump, slamming it through cover, they get a comfortable two but Sreesanth tries one more after Lee fumbles the collection, only to get run out easily off the last ball of the innings;Sreesanth run out (Hussey/Lee/Haddin) 4 (4m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 133.33;
44.5;1;Lee to Sharma, 1 run attempted yorker doesn't come out right, Ishant makes room and gets a french cut past leg stump;
44.4;1;Lee to Sreesanth, 1 run bowls a length ball and Sreesanth slogs, one-handed, to midwicket;
44.3;W;Lee to Harbhajan, OUT and he gets five! Harbhajan gets under a short one and slogs it up in the air, the mistimed shot balloons up and Clarke keeps his eyes on it at point;Harbhajan Singh c Clarke b Lee 27 (27m 19b 3x4 0x6) SR: 142.1;
44.2;1;Lee to Sreesanth, 1 run gives himself room and slashes one to extra cover, then sprints off;
44.1;W;Lee to Dhoni, OUT gone, just like that! Dhoni gets across and twirls a full delivery outside off stump straight to Ponting at extra cover, handing Lee his fourth for the evening;MS Dhoni c Ponting b Lee 37 (102m 61b 1x4 0x6) SR: 60.65;
43.6;2;Bracken to Harbhajan, 2 runs slower one outside off stump, he gets down and carves to midwicket;
43.5;2;Bracken to Harbhajan, 2 runs walks down and takes a low full toss towards mid-on, Dhoni hustling and making sure they get two ... but Harbhajan is struggling;
43.4;4;Bracken to Harbhajan, FOUR runs four more! Harbhajan! Sees the width, gets down on bended knee, and smashes it along the ground through a diving extra cover ... the Gabba cheers;
43.3;4;Bracken to Harbhajan, FOUR runs well played, Harbhajan walking across the stumps and paddling into the gap at fine leg, the ball rolls and dribbles over the ropes;
43.2;1;Bracken to Dhoni, 1 run good delivery, length on off stump, driven past Bracken for one;
43.1;2;Bracken to Dhoni, 2 runs comes down and slashes over cover and point, the ball dropping safely between two fielders giving chase;
42.6;2;Johnson to Harbhajan, 2 runs bangs it in short and this time he connects well, going up and over cover, the ball lands safely and they should have taken three ... but well ... he did take it hard that last ball .. every run counts though;
42.5;?;Johnson to Harbhajan, no run walks right outside off stump, eying fine leg, Johnson cleverly pitches short and Harbhajan cops it in the .... erm ... midships as he swings across the line ... ouch ...;
42.4;2;Johnson to Harbhajan, 2 runs short and wide, he cuts hard in the air just to the right of Clarke, leaping at backward point, and Hussey does the covering up in the deep;
42.3;1;Johnson to Dhoni, 1 run back of a length again and this time he works it toward midwicket for one;
42.2;?;Johnson to Dhoni, no run better delivery, back of a length on off stump, Dhoni gets across and plays it back from the crease to Johnson ... a dot ball!;
42.1;2;Johnson to Dhoni, 2 runs now thats a rank full toss way outside off stump and he can only carve it out to the man fielding on the cover ropes;
5.6;1;Bracken to Gambhir, 1 run oh thats close! Gambhir sees a fuller one sliding down and goes for a booming drive off the pads, but ends up with a leading edge that ends up going wide of Hopes at extra cover ... the ball was in the air for a while but alls well in the end;
5.5;?;Bracken to Gambhir, no run good length again, off stump, no room on offer and he defends it back;
5.4;?;Bracken to Gambhir, no run good length, curling in from off stump, he gets bat down in time and works it across towards square leg, but no chance of a single;
5.3;?;Bracken to Gambhir, no run short in length, coming in from middle stump, played to midwicket;
5.2;3;Bracken to Tendulkar, 3 runs short one and Tendulkar pulls from outside off through midwicket, the ball slows down and the batsmen settle for three;
5.1;?;Bracken to Tendulkar, no run good length, middle and stump, he gets forward and defends;
4.6;?;Lee to Gambhir, no run good ball, good leave, Gambhir getting across to cover off stump as the ball nips off a perfect length for Gilchrist to collect;
4.5;?;Lee to Gambhir, no run short one outside leg stump, tucked off the hips to square leg, Gambhir wants one but Haddin is sharp and fires a direct hit to get him back in crease;
4.4;?;Lee to Gambhir, no run straighter one, pitching on a good length and he hurriedly pushes to cover;
4.3;?;Lee to Gambhir, no run thats wider, pitching full and Gambhir easily leaves it be;
4.2;?;Lee to Gambhir, no run back of a length again, but Lee's working closer to off stump, inch by inch, and a confident Gambhir gets across and decides to leave it be;
4.1;?;Lee to Gambhir, no run back of a length, pacy delivery, going away from the left-hander and gaining height for Gilchrist to take it pretty high ... there's lift in this pitch today;
41.6;1;Bracken to Dhoni, 1 run full on off stump and he drills that down to long-off for one;
41.5;1;Bracken to Harbhajan, 1 run walks across the stumps, Bracken bowls a canny slower one and Harbhajan mistimes the drive back to him, beating his fingers;
41.4;1;Bracken to Dhoni, 1 run fires in the attempted yorker, Dhoni twirls the bat as only he can and chips it back over Bracken's outstretched hands ... there was two there but they were slow completing the first;
41.3;1;Bracken to Harbhajan, 1 run slower one on a length, Harbhajan picks it well and square-drives past point;
41.3;1w;Bracken to Harbhajan, 1 wide sees him walking across the stumps and fires one well down leg stump;
41.2;?;Bracken to Harbhajan, no run slower ball, Bracken rolling the fingers over that one, keeping it full and Harbhajan can only drive it back to his right;
41.1;4;Bracken to Harbhajan, FOUR runs top shot, advancing and clipping one off the pads excellently over midwicket for a couple-bounce four, all timing in that effort from the tail-ender;
40.6;1;Hopes to Harbhajan, 1 run short and wide, and Harbhajan cuts in the air down to third man;
40.5;1;Hopes to Dhoni, 1 run comes down the track, Hopes sees him coming and adjusts the length, Dhoni drives through extra cover but wisely chooses not to take on Symonds' arm;
40.4;?;Hopes to Dhoni, no run short of a length on off stump, Dhoni gets back and drives to extra cover;
40.3;1;Hopes to Harbhajan, 1 run thats a better shot, Harbhajan punching a fuller one down the ground;
40.2;?;Hopes to Harbhajan, no run short of a length outside off stump and he cracks the cut to point;
40.1;3;Hopes to Dhoni, 3 runs straight one on the stumps, easy pickings for Dhoni, who turns it to fine leg and some excellent running between the wickets gets India three;
39.6;1;Bracken to Dhoni, 1 run full one, close to being a yorker, Dhoni tucks it to midwicket and sets off, Harbhajan isn't interested but yields to his captain, and it was a simple run in the end;
39.5;1;Bracken to Harbhajan, 1 run gets some width and opens the face, with soft hands, to it run to third man;
39.4;?;Bracken to Harbhajan, no run drills a full one into the ground at cover, where Ponting fields well;
39.3;2;Bracken to Harbhajan, 2 runs edged and dropped! Harbhajan flirts at one rising outside off stump and gets a thick outside edge, Gilchrist leaps to his right and gets fingers on it but spills the chance, and his to-be replacement Haddin dives at third man to save four;
39.2;?;Bracken to Harbhajan, no run strays onto middle and leg, he gets up and flicks to square leg;
39.1;1;Bracken to Dhoni, 1 run back of a length on off stump, gets across and squirts it to point;
38.6;W;Noffke to Pathan, OUT now thats gone! Pathan drives one towards mid-on, sets off for the single but Dhoni sends him back as Ponting swoops in, collects, and fires in a direct hit to get rid of him ... he didn't ground his bat and just continues running on to the dressing room;Irfan Pathan run out (Ponting) 21 (51m 40b 0x4 1x6) SR: 52.5;
38.5;6;Noffke to Pathan, SIX runs oh he's smacked the underpants off that one! Pathan gives himself room and goes inside-out, flat-batting six over extra cover;
38.4;1;Noffke to Dhoni, 1 run drifts onto middle and leg and Dhoni on-drives to midwicket;
38.3;1;Noffke to Pathan, 1 run fuller one on the stumps, he advances and drives a single to mid-on;
38.2;?;Noffke to Pathan, no run edged and gone...or not! Pathan heaves at one just outside off stump, there's a huge nick as Gilchrist and Noffke go up in celebration but umpire Rudi Koertzen reckons bat hit ball ... replays show the edge and thats a poor decision;
38.1;1;Noffke to Dhoni, 1 run back of a length on the stumps, Dhoni tucks it to midwicket for a sharp run;
37.6;1;Bracken to Dhoni, 1 run gets a single by opening the face of the bat and nudging to third man;
37.5;4;Bracken to Dhoni, FOUR runs gets some width and carves over gully, raising the first four in ages;
37.4;1;Bracken to Pathan, 1 run uses his feet in an attempt to counter the swing, chipping to midwicket;
37.3;?;Bracken to Pathan, no run back of a length, this one coming back in and Pathan drives it back to him;
37.2;?;Bracken to Pathan, no run and again, Pathan just doesn't get to the pitch and gets beaten on the drive;
37.1;?;Bracken to Pathan, no run beaten, as he hits a tough length and Pathan feels for it from the crease;
36.6;1;Symonds to Pathan, 1 run charges down, swiping across the line but mistimes it through midwicket;
36.5;1;Symonds to Dhoni, 1 run flat on leg stump, spins down further and he works it to square leg;
36.4;1;Symonds to Pathan, 1 run flat again, no spin, off stump, Pathan pushes to cover;
36.3;1;Symonds to Dhoni, 1 run flat and a touch short and he cuts from off stump through the covers;
36.2;?;Symonds to Dhoni, no run bit of room outside off stump and he bludgeons it into the covers;
36.1;?;Symonds to Dhoni, no run short and flat on off stump, Dhoni smashes it back on the bounce;
35.6;1;Hopes to Dhoni, 1 run banged in short, he pulls but can't beat the man back at deep backward square;
35.5;1;Hopes to Pathan, 1 run back of a length, gets forward and pushes wide of the fielder;
35.4;1lb;Hopes to Dhoni, 1 leg bye nips in off a length and catches him high above the knee roll, down leg stump, and he responds to Pathan's call for one ... there was a bit of bat on that it seems;
35.3;1;Hopes to Pathan, 1 run back of a length, some width there, tapped towards Symonds back on the ring and after some hesitation from Dhoni he gets a single;
35.2;1;Hopes to Dhoni, 1 run fuller one, Dhoni drives well and Symonds gets a hand on it at extra cover to deny what looked like a boundary;
35.1;1;Hopes to Pathan, 1 run back of a length outside off stump and Pathan finds the gap at extra cover;
34.6;?;Clarke to Dhoni, no run tossed up on off stump, Dhoni drives off the front foot to cover;
34.5;?;Clarke to Dhoni, no run quick and flat on leg stump, he makes room and works it to midwicket;
34.4;?;Clarke to Dhoni, no run loops it down leg stump, Dhoni gets over it but cannot work it away;
34.3;?;Clarke to Dhoni, no run short and flat, spinning down but Dhoni mistimes his drive to midwicket;
34.2;1lb;Clarke to Pathan, 1 leg bye tossed up, the arm ball, Pathan sweeps from off stump as Clarke appeals;
34.1;?;Clarke to Pathan, no run flatter one outside off stump, Pathan punches that into the covers;
34.1;1w;Clarke to Pathan, 1 wide spins down leg stump, Gilchrist appeals for the stumping off a wide with Pathan's back foot well grounded ... not sure what he was making noise about;
33.6;?;Hopes to Dhoni, no run good length outside off stump, Dhoni gets forward and drives it back;
33.5;1;Hopes to Pathan, 1 run short one but stays low, Pathan pulls across the line from outside off and under-edges towards short fine leg;
33.4;?;Hopes to Pathan, no run gets some width outside off stump but mistimes the shot to Symonds;
33.3;?;Hopes to Pathan, no run good length on middle and off, he drives back to Hopes, who stops it;
33.2;?;Hopes to Pathan, no run comes down the track, making room to drive a good-length delivery into the covers, where Symonds reacts superbly and jumps up to save runs;
33.1;1;Hopes to Dhoni, 1 run walks across the stumps, driving a full one to Hussey at point, who misfields;
32.6;1;Clarke to Dhoni, 1 run flat on middle and off, he makes room and drives into the covers;
32.5;1;Clarke to Pathan, 1 run tossed up outside off, Pathan eyes the yawning gap at midwicket and flicks across the line, getting an easy single;
32.4;1lb;Clarke to Dhoni, 1 leg bye drifts down the pads and he flicks it away for a quick single;
32.3;?;Clarke to Dhoni, no run quicker one, spins into him as he backs away to leg and has to play it back;
32.2;1;Clarke to Pathan, 1 run flatter one on off stump, he turns it across the line to midwicket;
32.1;1;Clarke to Dhoni, 1 run tossed up on off stump, Dhoni gets forward and drives to cover;
31.6;?;Hopes to Pathan, no run gets across to off stump and defends this one to point;
31.5;?;Hopes to Pathan, no run walks across and drives a good-length delivery back to Hopes' left side;
31.4;?;Hopes to Pathan, no run back of a length, he gets in line and drives to extra cover;
31.3;1;Hopes to Dhoni, 1 run straighter one, he gets across and works it to square leg, on the hop;
31.2;?;Hopes to Dhoni, no run again uses his feet and drives but cannot beat Symonds at extra cover;
31.1;?;Hopes to Dhoni, no run good length outside off stump, he comes forward and drives to mid-off;
30.6;?;Noffke to Pathan, no run straighter one, middle and off, he inches forward and defends it back;
30.5;?;Noffke to Pathan, no run tries to work a fuller one, slower too, across the line and it balloons up in the air and doesn't carry to Bracken, diving forward from mid-on;
30.4;?;Noffke to Pathan, no run back of a length on off stump, pushed off the front foot to point;
30.3;1;Noffke to Dhoni, 1 run banged in short down leg stump, he pulls uneasily into the gap at square leg;
30.2;?;Noffke to Dhoni, no run back of a length, he gets in line and defends to cover this time;
30.1;?;Noffke to Dhoni, no run back of a length, he gets across and plays to extra cover;
29.6;?;Hopes to Pathan, no run good length on off stump, he gets forward and defends it back to Hopes;
29.5;?;Hopes to Pathan, no run gets a shortish one and again chops into the ground, this time to point;
29.4;?;Hopes to Pathan, no run shorter one, no pace at all and Pathan is early into his flat-batted shot, ends up carving into the ground back to Hopes;
29.3;?;Hopes to Pathan, no run good length just outside off, Pathan gets to the pitch and drives to cover;
29.2;1;Hopes to Dhoni, 1 run fuller one and Dhoni meets it with a drive into the covers for one more;
29.1;1;Hopes to Pathan, 1 run another run, Pathan tucking one to mid-on this time;
28.6;1;Noffke to Pathan, 1 run quick single, as Pathan flicks a full one from middle and off to midwicket;
28.5;1;Noffke to Dhoni, 1 run gets across again and succeeds in getting bat on this ball, tucking into the gap;
28.4;?;Noffke to Dhoni, no run short one on off, he gets right across his stumps in an attempt to paddle it into the gap at short fine leg, but the ball runs off his gloves and into his left pad;
28.3;?;Noffke to Dhoni, no run fuller on middle and leg, he shuffles and on-drives to midwicket;
28.2;?;Noffke to Dhoni, no run short of a length, 132ks, Dhoni covers off stump and leaves;
28.1;1;Noffke to Pathan, 1 run pitches on leg stump, Pathan gets an inside-edge onto pad and calls for one;
27.6;?;Hopes to Dhoni, no run back of a length on off stump, Dhoni gets across and plays it back to Hopes;
27.5;1;Hopes to Pathan, 1 run edged wide of gully, Pathan playing away from his body but picking the gap, there were cries of ooh and ah as the ball flew threw the vacancy;
27.4;?;Hopes to Pathan, no run back of a length, angling away, he drives nicely to mid-off this time;
27.3;?;Hopes to Pathan, no run short of a length on off stump, he gets up and plays it back to Hopes;
27.2;?;Hopes to Pathan, no run pushes a shortish one to cover and sets off but Dhoni quickly sends him back as two fielders descend;
27.1;?;Hopes to Pathan, no run back of a length on off stump, Pathan gets in line and drives to cover;
26.6;2;Noffke to Dhoni, 2 runs just drifts onto middle and leg and Dhoni tucks backward of square for two;
26.5;?;Noffke to Dhoni, no run short one outside off stump, 132ks, Dhoni gets up and leaves;
26.4;?;Noffke to Dhoni, no run back of a length on off stump, he works it across the line to midwicket;
26.3;?;Noffke to Dhoni, no run back of a length, Dhoni hops across to off and defends it down watchfully;
26.2;1;Noffke to Pathan, 1 run short outside leg stump, worked off the hips into the gap as he gets off strike;
26.1;W;Noffke to Uthappa, OUT maiden wicket for Noffke as India slip further! The extra bounce does it for Uthappa, getting airborne and trying to tuck it to leg, instead getting a leading-edge that pops up in the air to Clarke at point ... that really sat up near his nose and surprised him;Robin Uthappa c Clarke b Noffke 5 (17m 13b 0x4 0x6) SR: 38.46;
25.6;?;Johnson to Dhoni, no run short of a length, Dhoni gets across to off stump and pushes to point;
25.5;1;Johnson to Uthappa, 1 run straighter one, he works it across the line to midwicket, who's sharp there;
25.4;?;Johnson to Uthappa, no run shorter one, Uthappa gets right over it and drops it at his feet, Johnson advances and Uthappa yells out a firm 'NO!' to his captain and partner;
25.3;?;Johnson to Uthappa, no run pushed across him off a length, again drawing a leave from Uthappa;
25.2;?;Johnson to Uthappa, no run back of a length outside off stump, he shoulders arms off the front foot;
25.1;?;Johnson to Uthappa, no run good length on middle and leg, going down but he falls over in his shot and the ball dribbles to cover;
24.6;?;Noffke to Dhoni, no run short of a length just outside off, too close to cut and so he leaves it be;
24.5;1;Noffke to Uthappa, 1 run shorter one on off stump, he gets across and tucks it to midwicket;
24.4;?;Noffke to Uthappa, no run back of a length on middle and leg, he gets in line and drives to mid-on;
24.3;?;Noffke to Uthappa, no run slips down leg stump, clips the thigh pad so wide is not called;
24.2;?;Noffke to Uthappa, no run back of a length outside off stump, he gets forward and shoulders arms;
24.1;2;Noffke to Uthappa, 2 runs straight on the stumps, he gets across and shuffles to work a couple through midwicket, which raises the 100 for India;
23.6;?;Johnson to Dhoni, no run fuller one to end the over, Dhoni gets forward and drives to cover;
23.5;?;Johnson to Dhoni, no run another short of a length one and Dhoni has no shot to offer;
23.4;?;Johnson to Dhoni, no run short one, going across Dhoni as he gets tall and drops the hands;
23.3;?;Johnson to Dhoni, no run back of a length again, he gets across and leaves again, top bowling;
23.2;?;Johnson to Dhoni, no run sharper one, sitting up as it angles across Dhoni, who again leaves;
23.1;?;Johnson to Dhoni, no run good length, pushed across Dhoni, who comes forward and leaves;
22.6;?;Lee to Uthappa, no run back of a length just outside off, Uthappa gets over it and defends;
22.5;3;Lee to Dhoni, 3 runs fuller one, middle and leg, turned wristily into the gap behind square for three;
22.4;?;Lee to Dhoni, no run pitches on a good length, Dhoni gets onto the front foot and drives to cover;
22.3;1;Lee to Uthappa, 1 run off the mark straight away, shuffling across and on-driving a full one to midwicket and calling for the run;
22.2;W;Lee to Tiwary, OUT cleaned em up with a beauty! You had to see this one coming, after a series of short ones, as Lee lands a lovely yorker to a leaden-footed Tiwary, not moving his feet at all from deep in the crease, and his stumps are disturbed ... the debutant goes for 2 and India are in tatters;Manoj Tiwary b Lee 2 (15m 16b 0x4 0x6) SR: 12.5;
22.1;?;Lee to Tiwary, no run another short one, over middle and leg, getting Tiwary into a tangle;
21.6;?;Johnson to Dhoni, no run good length outside off, bringing Dhoni onto the front foot and he pushes to cover to end the over ... India have two new men at the crease, one on debut and the other searching for form.;
21.5;1lb;Johnson to Tiwary, 1 leg bye back of a length, pitching outside leg, flicks the pads and runs into the gap;
21.4;?;Johnson to Tiwary, no run short of a length on middle and off, Tiwary gets tall and tucks to midwicket;
21.3;?;Johnson to Tiwary, no run pitches outside leg stump, swings on high to rap him on the flap as he attempts to work it away;
21.2;?;Johnson to Tiwary, no run slower one, back of a length, he gets across to cover off and defends;
21.1;?;Johnson to Tiwary, no run back of a length outside off stump, Tiwary drives from the crease to point;
20.6;W;Lee to Rohit Sharma, OUT edged and gone! Lee strikes, forcing Rohit to drive at one not there for this shot, and the lack of footwork results in a thin edge through to Gilchrist;Rohit Sharma c ?Gilchrist b Lee 29 (68m 43b 5x4 0x6) SR: 67.44;
20.5;1;Lee to Tiwary, 1 run good shot, superb stop, Tiwary crunching a short one very hard but Clarke intercepts at backward point, diving to his left and stopping runs;
20.4;?;Lee to Tiwary, no run he's giving him the right work-over, is Lee, banging in another short one over the stumps that has Tiwary ducking under it again;
20.3;?;Lee to Tiwary, no run good length, nipping back in to Tiwary, who plays to Hussey at point;
20.2;?;Lee to Tiwary, no run short one, too wide but Tiwary takes his eyes off it and ducks his head low;
20.1;?;Lee to Tiwary, no run short outside off stump, he gets tall and drops it at his feet;
19.6;1;Johnson to Tiwary, 1 run off the mark in ODIs, as Johnson bangs in a short one outside leg stump that surprises Tiwary, but he gets up and uses one hand to drop it into the gap at short fine leg;
19.5;?;Johnson to Tiwary, no run pitches outside leg stump and he tucks it to square leg;
19.4;?;Johnson to Tiwary, no run fuller one, beating him as he stands rooted and drives from the crease, a good change-up, quicker one and going away from the right-hander;
19.3;?;Johnson to Tiwary, no run back of a length, comes back in and he plays from the crease, to point;
19.2;W;Johnson to Gambhir, OUT rapped on the pads and he's gone! Johnson gets one to nip back in and Gambhir, playing across the line, gets struck in front middle stump, dead in front and umpire Steve Davis shoots up the finger ... an enterprising 65-run stand is snapped;Gautam Gambhir lbw b Johnson 39 (74m 51b 4x4 0x6) SR: 76.47;
19.1;4;Johnson to Gambhir, FOUR runs good shot, as Gambhir takes a full delivery from off stump and drives past the stumps and mid-on, beating the fielder and making its acquaintance with the long-on ropes;
18.6;?;Lee to Rohit Sharma, no run again they cannot put Lee away, as Rohit makes room to leg but ends up missing a short one that bounces over his shoulder ... two chances gone begging;
18.6;1nb;Lee to Rohit Sharma, (no ball) superb lifter, screaming past the outer edge of the bat as Rohit gets airborne, but Lee's overstepped so we have a second free hit inside the Powerplay;
18.5;1;Lee to Gambhir, 1 run good length on off stump, pushed to point off the front foot and Rohit responds excellently to the call for one, hustling hard to the other end;
18.4;?;Lee to Gambhir, no run short one outside off, doesn't sit up much but Gambhir ducks low;
18.3;?;Lee to Gambhir, no run well bowled, the attempted yorker, again well played back to Lee;
18.2;?;Lee to Gambhir, no run thats the fuller one, swinging into off stump, Gambhir digs it back to Lee;
18.1;1;Lee to Rohit Sharma, 1 run short one on off stump, he waits on the back foot and uses the soft hands to place it in front of point, calling for the single, superb response from Gambhir too;
17.6;?;Johnson to Gambhir, no run full on off stump, he uses his feet and drives to extra cover;
17.5;1;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run short one slides down the pads and he tucks it off the hips for one;
17.4;4;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs super shot, as he square-drives a full delivery through cover and point ... this kid can bat, and its so far been a good decision to promote him up to No. 4;
17.3;1;Johnson to Gambhir, 1 run short and wide and he slashes over gully, one bounce to Hopes at third man;
17.2;?;Johnson to Gambhir, no run wide one, inviting the cut but he gets low and watches it through to Gilchrist;
17.1;2;Johnson to Gambhir, 2 runs full on off stump, the slower one, well picked by Gambhir as he flicks it past midwicket for a couple more to the total;
16.6;?;Lee to Rohit Sharma, no run fuller delivery and he plays a good-looking drive to Symonds at cover;
16.5;?;Lee to Rohit Sharma, no run again a terrific short one, this time curling back over middle and off, forcing Rohit to really, really get low and Lee has a smile and advice for him ... all in good spirit, and that was again very well negotiated by the youngster;
16.4;?;Lee to Rohit Sharma, no run lovely response, Lee banging in a nasty short one that sits up and screams past his nose, but Rohit just arches the back and leaves it be, calm as ever;
16.3;1;Lee to Gambhir, 1 run straighter one, Gambhir on-drives a quick single to raise the 50-run stand;
16.2;1;Lee to Rohit Sharma, 1 run bit of room and he slashes in the air over gully, one bounce to third man;
16.1;1;Lee to Gambhir, 1 run short of a length on off stump, he hops and drops it in front of gully, Rohit calls for the risky single and they get it;
15.6;4;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs thats a terrific shot, as Rohit gets on top of a wide one and places the cut smack past cover and point, and third man has no chance of stopping that;
15.5;1;Johnson to Gambhir, 1 run digs in a short one, on the stumps, and gets a leading-edge from an airborne Gambhir, who again tries to work it to the on side;
15.4;?;Johnson to Gambhir, no run good delivery, pitching on middle and off and going away, Gambhir comes into an attempted on-drive but adjusts to play towards cover;
15.3;?;Johnson to Gambhir, no run short of a length outside off, he rides the bounce and steers past gully;
15.2;1;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run pitches on leg stump again and this time he tucks it towards midwicket;
15.1;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run pitches on leg stump and comes in, catching him in front of but there's a thick inside-edge on that so Johnson's appeal is turned down;
14.6;1;Noffke to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of a length outside off, enough width for him to get back and steer it wide of the slips, a touch shot from the rookie;
14.5;3;Noffke to Gambhir, 3 runs errs in line, pitching on the pads and Gambhir tucks that wide of mid-on for three ... Noffle's woes continue;
14.4;?;Noffke to Gambhir, no run back of a length, angling across Gambhir, who squirts it to point;
14.3;?;Noffke to Gambhir, no run back of a length on off stump, pushed to the man at cover;
14.2;1;Noffke to Rohit Sharma, 1 run just short of third man! In a rush of blood, Rohit gives Noffke the charge and slashes up and over gully, down to third man where Hopes initially takes off in the wrong direction and cannot cover ground in time, the ball dying in front of him as he dives forward;
14.1;?;Noffke to Rohit Sharma, no run short of a length outside off, he gets into position and defends to point;
13.6;1;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run strays down the pads and Rohit tucks it down to fine leg;
13.5;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length, this time he waits in his crease and plays it back;
13.4;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length on off stump, Rohit gets forward and defends;
13.3;1;Johnson to Gambhir, 1 run dropped again! By Ponting! Johnson looks on in frustration as Gambhir pokes at another short one and edges to first slip, where Ponting jumps up, gets hands on it, and allows it to pop out of his palms!;
13.3;1w;Johnson to Gambhir, 1 wide thats a wide, sliding down the pads;
13.2;?;Johnson to Gambhir, no run edged and dropped! Johnson pitches short of a length, Gambhir gets up and plays away from the body, getting a regulation outside-edge but Hussey drops a simple catch going forward at second slip .... by his extreme standards that was a regulation slip catch ... Ponting looks ticked;
13.1;?;Johnson to Gambhir, no run pitches very, very full as he looks for swing, Gambhir goes for a booming square drive but the bat comes down after the away-swinger passes;
12.6;?;Noffke to Rohit Sharma, no run just back of drivable length and he plays it back to Noffke;
12.5;?;Noffke to Rohit Sharma, no run ever so slightly, he pitches fuller, and Rohit gets forward to drive it back;
12.4;?;Noffke to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length, tidy delivery, and Rohit gets back and across to defend;
12.3;?;Noffke to Rohit Sharma, no run shorter length, sliding down the pads and again the extra lift beats Rohit, who gets back and tries to nudge it away;
12.2;3;Noffke to Gambhir, 3 runs overpitched on the pads and Gambhir flicks out to deep midwicket;
12.1;1lb;Noffke to Rohit Sharma, 1 leg bye slides down leg off a short length, Rohit plays a paddle off one leg and manages to work it wide of Gilchrist, to fine leg;
11.6;?;Johnson to Gambhir, no run back of a length outside off stump, he decides to leave this one be;
11.5;1;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of a length on middle and off, he gets back and pushes past Johnson, calling for the single and running well to get it, nice rotating of the strike;
11.4;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run pitches outside leg and he tries to flick, but gets undone by the lift;
11.3;1;Johnson to Gambhir, 1 run now he's successful in his previous attempt, opening the face and running it through the gap at gully for a single;
11.2;?;Johnson to Gambhir, no run this one gets some extra bounce and beats his angled bat, as he tries to steer it down to third man;
11.2;1w;Johnson to Gambhir, 1 wide thats a loose one, pretty wide outside off stump but not called;
11.1;?;Johnson to Gambhir, no run back of a length outside off stump, nipping away, Gambhir leaves;
10.6;?;Noffke to Rohit Sharma, no run again, back of a length on off and Rohit gets back and across to defend;
10.5;?;Noffke to Rohit Sharma, no run better delivery, back of a length on off stump and Rohit defends;
10.4;4;Noffke to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs short and wide and cut out to the man running across from third man, Hopes, who fumbles and allows four right through his legs, would you believe?;
10.3;4;Noffke to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs gets a full one and unleashes a flashing square-drive, again on the up off the front foot, this time through a diving Hussey at point;
10.2;?;Noffke to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length on off stump, he gets tall and runs it to Hussey this time;
10.1;?;Noffke to Rohit Sharma, no run get across and tries to cut one too close to his body, edging almost to Hayden;
9.6;?;Bracken to Gambhir, no run back of a length, tidy delivery on the stumps draws a defensive to end the over;
9.5;1;Bracken to Rohit Sharma, 1 run better shot, as he gets across and runs one down past gully and Hussey;
9.4;?;Bracken to Rohit Sharma, no run edged but it doesn't carry, as Rohit drives hard at the slower one, angled across him, but the ball drops in front of Hussey at second slip;
9.3;4;Bracken to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs lovely shot, getting off the mark with a pleasing front-foot offdrive, on the up, between extra cover and mid-off ... should ease the nerves a tad;
9.2;?;Bracken to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length, middle and leg, he's tucked up and defends it back;
9.1;1;Bracken to Gambhir, 1 run nips back in from middle stump and Gambhir eases it off the pads;
8.6;?;Noffke to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length, Rohit gets in line and plays it back off the back foot;
8.5;1;Noffke to Gambhir, 1 run still short and a touch wide, allowing Gambhir to get up and dab wide of slip;
8.4;4;Noffke to Gambhir, FOUR runs thats another loose delivery and Gambhir slams it over cover for four more;
8.3;?;Noffke to Gambhir, no run still too wide and Gambhir cuts to backward point, not past the fielder;
8.2;2;Noffke to Gambhir, 2 runs short and wide again, this time he plays it uppishly, flashing hard, and gets two down to third man .... Noffle a bit nervous, it seems;
8.1;4;Noffke to Gambhir, FOUR runs top shot, as Gambhir puts away a short and wide one, smack past gully;
7.6;?;Bracken to Rohit Sharma, no run good length on middle and off and he defends it back to Bracken;
7.5;?;Bracken to Rohit Sharma, no run this one pitches on a length and goes across him, off a lovely channel, beating him as he turns in his crease and pushes down the wrong line;
7.4;?;Bracken to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length, gently moving into middle and off, Rohit plays off the back foot;
7.3;1;Bracken to Gambhir, 1 run shorter one, coming into his ribs, he plays it well off the hips to midwicket;
7.2;?;Bracken to Gambhir, no run slower one, coming in off a length, the offcutter, Gambhir dabs to gully;
7.1;?;Bracken to Gambhir, no run back of a length outside off stump, he gets across and shoulders arms;
6.6;?;Lee to Rohit Sharma, no run tad shorter, with good lift to Gilchrist as Rohit leaves it be;
6.5;?;Lee to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length again, Rohit gets back and defends to point again;
6.4;?;Lee to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length on off stump, he gets back and defends to point;
6.3;W;Lee to Tendulkar, OUT now thats something we don't see very often! Lee pitches back of a length, Tendulkar gets back and across in his crease, getting in line to play it across to square leg, but in the process he ends up trodding on his stumps ... he stands his ground as the decision is referred upstairs, even as Lee lifts his hand in celebration, and he obviously has to go ... talk about being caught on the back foot ... India's openers are back inside cheaply;Sachin Tendulkar hit wicket b Lee 10 (30m 17b 1x4 0x6) SR: 58.82;
6.2;1;Lee to Gambhir, 1 run the response is predictably a shorter one, but he's waiting on the back foot and opens the face of the bat, running wide of gully for one;
6.1;4;Lee to Gambhir, FOUR runs shot of the day so far, as Gambhir leans into a good-length delivery, driving on the up through the covers, top shot;
3.6;4;Bracken to Tendulkar, FOUR runs pushes one across him and he chases it, edging in the air but wide of the slips and the ball races away to the third man boundary;
3.5;1;Bracken to Gambhir, 1 run gets off the mark, tucking one off the body into the gap;
3.4;?;Bracken to Gambhir, no run comes into him off a shorter length and he tucks it to midwicket;
3.3;?;Bracken to Gambhir, no run beaten, as he pushes from the crease to one that holds its line and goes on just past the outside edge of the bat, well bowled, Bracken;
3.2;W;Bracken to Sehwag, OUT played on! Sehwag gets his back foot across marginally and tries to cut one just too close to the body, which comes back in very late, and he can only chop back onto his stumps, handing Bracken and Australia the early initiative ... that shot was not on given the ball wasn't wide enough and he was just undone by the manner in which it jagged back into him;Virender Sehwag b Bracken 6 (15m 8b 1x4 0x6) SR: 75;
3.1;1;Bracken to Tendulkar, 1 run smart single, Tendulkar playing a good-length ball on off stump with soft hands, dabbing in front of point and calling for the run, well backed-up by Sehwag too;
2.6;?;Lee to Sehwag, no run strays onto middle and leg and Sehwag taps it to square leg to end the over;
2.5;4;Lee to Sehwag, FOUR runs first boundary, as Sehwag chases a slower one, mistiming it over the bowler's head but with the small boundaries at the Gabba the ball just trickles down;
2.4;?;Lee to Sehwag, no run and he cant cash in, as he ducks under a short one from Lee that goes over his left shoulder ... maybe he forgot about the free hit rule?;
2.4;1nb;Lee to Sehwag, (no ball) back of a length, as Lee oversteps, and Sehwag plays off the back foot to cover ... we have the first free hit of the game;
2.3;1;Lee to Tendulkar, 1 run back of a length, again he's ready for it and dabs wide of backward point;
2.2;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run good length again, this time Tendulkar waits on the back foot and gets back to defend;
2.1;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run good length, as Lee looks for movement away, but Tendulkar gets onto the front foot and smothers the ball to cover, Lee moving to his left to field;
1.6;1lb;Bracken to Tendulkar, 1 leg bye short one outside leg stump, he tries to pull but mistimes it off the glove into the gap at square leg;
1.5;?;Bracken to Tendulkar, no run holds back the length and Tendulkar, in a flash, reads it and gets across to cover off stump, forcing the ball to point off the back foot ... he has so much time;
1.4;?;Bracken to Tendulkar, no run this one's fuller and coming back in from off stump, forcing a forward defensive from Tendulkar, a better length from Bracken;
1.3;1;Bracken to Sehwag, 1 run poor ball, outside leg stump and Sehwag turns it down to fine leg;
1.2;1;Bracken to Tendulkar, 1 run short of a length, outside leg stump, turned towards midwicket;
1.1;1;Bracken to Sehwag, 1 run first runs off the bat, Sehwag tucking one off his pads past square leg;
0.6;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run lifter, as Lee bends his back and gets Tendulkar hopping in his crease, the ball hitting a short length and curling past him as he arches the back and gets the head out of harm's way ... terrific delivery to end a top over;
0.5;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run back of a length, smack on the dime, no room to work with and Tendulkar quickly gets back and across to defend it back to Lee;
0.4;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run this one comes in from off stump, off a fuller length, Tendulkar defends to the off side but the ball dies at his feet, he sets off for a hurried single but gets wisely sent back by Sehwag;
0.3;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run good length, much straighter, Tendulkar plays it back to Lee, hurriedly;
0.2;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run top start, pitching on a length and lifting away from Tendulkar, who leaves;
0.1;1lb;Lee to Sehwag, 1 leg bye runs first up, as Lee strays on to the pads and Sehwag tucks to square leg;

Hello and welcome to Cricinfo's live coverage of the first game of the 2007-08 CB Series. Kicking off the series, we have the hosts Australia against India at the Gabba in Brisbane.
I'm Jamie Alter, your commentator, and allow me to introduce Binoy George, who'll be scoring the game.
Here's word from the toss: - Ricky Ponting flipped, Mahendra Singh Dhoni called tails and won, and India will have a bat on what the Indian captain termed "a sticky sort of wicket".
India have handed a maiden ODI cap to Manoj Tiwary, the young batsman from Bengal, and have left out Suresh Raina, Dinesh Karthik, Piyush Chawla, Praveen Kumar, Munaf Patel and the injured Yuvraj Singh.
Ponting is playing. Matthew Hayden is not fit yet, and Stuart Clark hasn't joined the side. James Hopes, the Queensland allrounder, will open the innings. Ashley Noffke makes his debut.
This is, in many ways, the end of an era in Australian cricket. The annual tri-nations tournament, which has changed names more times than Britney Spears changed hair-dos, will be played for the last time in its 29-year existence. In 2008-09 the CB Series will be replaced by two head-to-head contests and Australia, India and Sri Lanka are the ideal teams to farewell the once revolutionary concept.
But enough of that. Right now, let me tell you that there was early rain in Brisbane and though it has has cleared, rain periods are expected to continue during the day and increase again tonight. Fingers crossed.
Tobian Clayton, one of Cricinfo's trusted men in Australia, tells me that it is still overcast but the clouds appear to be high up. The Aussie and Indian players are warming up on ground while the groundstaff and TV people are all doing their thing. People are beginning to file in, the best part of 38,000 tickets have been sold and this match is officially 'Sold Out'.
"There has been plenty of speculation about the fitness of Ponting and Hayden in the build up, I have seen both on ground already but official team and toss information will be available shortly," adds Toby.
Nagraj Gollapudi, another Cricinfo legend, buzzes me: "Till Friday only 500 seats were left to be sold out and these were restricted views as in from where you can't see the whole view." He's a stealthy operator, that Gollapudi. Always up and about. He's one of our main reporters for this series.
We're about 15 minutes from starting. Get yourselves set, tea, coffee, soda, beer, or something stronger, if thats your poison. For the millions who log on because you can't follow the game on television let me remind you that you can download Cricinfo's Desktop Alerts to get news, scores and wicket alerts from our website direct to your desktop. Click away - it's very easy...and free!
You can also read, if you like, every word I type on your cell phones, right here. And have you made your Fantasy League teams yet? Its wicked fun, and while I'm not a betting man, this is a good way to wager yourself against friends and co-workers. Play now! There's iPods, PlayStation Portables, and Canon Powershot 5MP cameras up for grabs. Go git 'em ....
Shall we start then? I'm ready, Binoy is ready, and I'm sure a sizable Gabba gathering is too. India's openers are set. Brett Lee has the new ball. Two slips in place. Nagraj says, "The cololuring of the seats - yellow and maroon - gives a feeling that as if the seats are full even if they are vacant." Sehwag to face first. Play ball!
 Innings Start
21:06 local, 11:06 GMT Its official - the match has been called off. Two points each and India take on Sri Lanka day after tomorrow.
An unfortunate end to what was shaping up to be a cracker. Brett Lee was the star of the day with his seventh five-wicket haul in ODIs but three wickets between the annoying showers had India sniffing a win. Thats all we have for you today. Do come back and join us on February 5 (13:15 local, 03:15 GMT) for India v Sri Lanka.
I'd like to thank Binoy George for scoring this game and Nagraj Gollapudi for his helpful input from the Gabba. Until next time, on behalf of all of us at Cricinfo, this Jamie Alter signing off. Cheers!
21:03 local, 11:03 GMT Puddles are forming in the outfield. Not fun. If the special screening of this humdinger is canceled both teams will get two points each.
20:54 local, 10:54 GMT The rain is back and everyone's going off. I don't think they will come back on. Its happened once too often. Harbhajan patted Clarke on the bum as he walked away. Clarke just smiled, but then of course the cameras were on him. Symonds didn't see it, as he was already walking off. Don't tell me we will have another incident. Its raining and the covers are back on. Cue the violins. And Milli Vanilli.
7.2;1;Sreesanth to Symonds, 1 run sharp movement back in, clipping him high over the stumps and the ball races through gully and down to third man, off the inside-edge;
7.1;4;Sreesanth to Symonds, FOUR runs top shot, just crunched from the crease but so hard that it flies past cover;
7.1;1w;Sreesanth to Symonds, 1 wide short of a length, just down leg stump, and wide is the call;
6.6;2;Sharma to Clarke, 2 runs almost! Clarke reaches out a wider one and gets off the mark with a streaky two runs, nearly dragging back on to his stumps;
6.5;?;Sharma to Clarke, no run back of a length and wider, allowing Clarke the time to leave it be;
6.4;?;Sharma to Clarke, no run short again, sitting up and he gets surprises, almost playing it back to Ishant;
6.3;?;Sharma to Clarke, no run short of a length, he gets back and cracks to Rohit in the covers;
6.2;?;Sharma to Clarke, no run back of a length outside off, comes back in, he gets in line and defends;
6.1;?;Sharma to Clarke, no run full delivery outside off stump, Clarke gets to the pitch and drives to cover;
5.6;?;Sreesanth to Symonds, no run yowza! Thats a peach to end an aggressive over, as he changes the pace and pitches it up, forcing Symonds to feel for it as the ball holds its line and narrowly misses kissing the outer edge of his bat;
5.5;4b;Sreesanth to Symonds, 4 byes thats a waste, as he bounces him over leg stump and the ball sails away, going over Dhoni as well, at some speed, and Sreesanth apologizes;
5.4;?;Sreesanth to Symonds, no run good length, nipping in again and Symonds defends from the crease;
5.3;?;Sreesanth to Symonds, no run good ball first up, pitching on a length and coming in, he takes one hand off the bat and leaves it be;
5.2;W;Sreesanth to Ponting, OUT and he's gone for a duck! Sreesanth gets his man, hitting a great length and getting the ball to lift and seam away ever so sharply, sucking Ponting into a fatal prod and Sehwag, from second slip, plucks it in front of Tendulkar at first;Ricky Ponting c Sehwag b Sreesanth 0 (12m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
5.1;?;Sreesanth to Ponting, no run back of a length on off stump, getting Ponting pinned in his crease as he defends it towards midwicket;
5.1;1w;Sreesanth to Ponting, 1 wide full and wide, swinging away sharply outside off stump, called a wide;
4.6;?;Sharma to Clarke, no run good ball, good leave, Clarke shouldering arms to another that zips up from nowhere;
4.5;?;Sharma to Clarke, no run sharp movement again, this one jagging back off a shorter length, 137ks, and catching Clarke on the hop, smack in the midriff;
4.4;W;Sharma to Hopes, OUT bowled 'em! Thats a peach, the ball pitching back of a drivable length and seaming back in sharply through the huge gap between bat and pad to disturb the stumps ... Hopes plays forward and is simply beaten by an immaculate seam position;James Hopes b I Sharma 17 (28m 12b 4x4 0x6) SR: 141.66;
4.3;?;Sharma to Hopes, no run back of a length on off stump, good stuff, Hopes gets behind to defend;
4.2;?;Sharma to Hopes, no run beaten as he fishes at a length ball outside off and gets done in by height;
4.1;?;Sharma to Hopes, no run swing and a miss from Hopes, backing away and flashing the bat at it;
4.1;5nb;Sharma to Hopes, (no ball) sharp one, sits up and jags into Hopes' ribs, he's in a mess but Dhoni doesn't back up his bowler, instead fumbling and giving away runs ... its a no-ball to boot, so we have a free hit;
3.6;W;Sreesanth to Gilchrist, OUT and he walks! Gilchrist chases a short one down leg stump, there's deviation before Dhoni takes it to his right ... appears he gloved it ... Sreesanth semi appeals but there's no reaction from Steve Davis ... but Gilchrist puts his head down and heads inside, so India have an early wicket ...thats not something we see in these times, a batsman walking.;Adam Gilchrist c ?Dhoni b Sreesanth 14 (21m 17b 2x4 0x6) SR: 82.35;
3.5;?;Sreesanth to Gilchrist, no run and again, the back foot not really getting across as he chases one angling away outside off stump and misses ... 126ks, good change of pace;
3.4;?;Sreesanth to Gilchrist, no run goes flashing outside off stump and misses, to Sreesanth's frustration;
3.3;4;Sreesanth to Gilchrist, FOUR runs attempted yorkers ends up a full toss and he drills that back between Sreesanth's legs and the fast outfield takes care of the rest ... boof!;
3.2;?;Sreesanth to Gilchrist, no run back of a length, hint of movement, Gilchrist squirts to Tiwary at point;
3.1;?;Sreesanth to Gilchrist, no run short of a length on the stumps, Gilchrist gets across and plays it back;
2.6;4;Pathan to Hopes, FOUR runs lovely shot, Hopes whipping a full one from off stump right through midwicket;
2.6;1w;Pathan to Hopes, 1 wide as you can see with that wide one well outside leg stump;
2.5;4;Pathan to Hopes, FOUR runs and again, he gets up on one leg and pulls backward of square this time, and with the man yards inside thats four more, top shot that!;
2.4;4;Pathan to Hopes, FOUR runs bang, thats four! Hopes swivels and connects superbly on his flat-batted pull in front of square leg;
2.3;4;Pathan to Hopes, FOUR runs firm punch to a fuller delivery, hit cleanly back to Pathan's left, and even though he took some pace off it the ball carries on past mid-on for four;
2.2;?;Pathan to Hopes, no run back of a length, outside leg stump, tucked to Rohit at square leg;
2.2;1w;Pathan to Hopes, 1 wide pitches well outside leg stump and thats called wide;
2.1;?;Pathan to Hopes, no run good length, on the money, and Hopes presents a textbook defensive;
1.6;?;Sreesanth to Gilchrist, no run back of a length, worked across Gilchrist, who opts to leave;
1.5;?;Sreesanth to Gilchrist, no run back of a length on off stump, he gets in line and pushes to cover;
1.4;1;Sreesanth to Hopes, 1 run back of a length, jagging back in and he opens his account with a nudge to leg;
1.3;3;Sreesanth to Gilchrist, 3 runs just too short and thats duly cracked off the back foot past point, its not timed to perfection but some hard running gets three more to the total;
1.2;?;Sreesanth to Gilchrist, no run back of a length, leg stump, worked to Rohit at square leg;
1.1;2;Sreesanth to Gilchrist, 2 runs short and very, very wide and Gilchrist needs a ten-foot pole to get there ... well, not really but you know what I mean ... and slashes over to gully;
0.6;1;Pathan to Gilchrist, 1 run full on the stumps, he tries to on-drive but escapes with a leading-edge into the gap at gully;
0.5;?;Pathan to Gilchrist, no run fuller one, swinging away superbly after sucking Gilchrist into a drive from the crease ... exaggerated seam position on that one;
0.4;4;Pathan to Gilchrist, FOUR runs gets some width, and gets Australia on the board with a dab past cover and point, no stopping that one;
0.3;?;Pathan to Gilchrist, no run short of a length, he gets across and turns it from off stump to midwicket;
0.2;?;Pathan to Gilchrist, no run back of a length again, he reaches out and dabs it to point;
0.1;?;Pathan to Gilchrist, no run back of a length outside off stump, seams away as Gilchrist leaves;

18:55 local, 08:55 GMT Time for live action. Australia's openers, Gilchrist and Hopes, prepare to start off. Pathan will begin bowling. Gilchrist to face, with two slips.
18:47 local, 08:47 GMT Welcome back, it looks like play will start on time. The covers are off and a few Indians are on the ropes. I've just heard its now a 43-over game and the target is 192. There's still a decent crowd out, in anticipation of a good contest. A couple fielders going through some drills. No drizzle in sight.
 Innings Start
1st Match (D/N), Brisbane, Feb 3 2008, Commonwealth Bank Series
194
51/3
Player of the match is 
