Data
8.05 pm It's off. The washout is official. Australia and India will take two points each from this game. Australia were already through to the final, and India are now trailing England by three points. If England beat India in Perth, they are through. If India beat England, India are through. If points are shared, England are through. Simple.
Thank you for all your emails, it's kept us going through a frustrating day. We'll be back on January 30 to find out who plays Australia in the final. Cheers.
7.50 pm The umpires are inspecting the conditions underfoot at the SCG, where it is still raining though. Might have to brace ourselves for some bad news shortly.
Tandy: "Also Clint McKay is 13th in the ODI rankings I believe. Is the Aus Bowling depth that good?" He's 15th in the ODI rankings for bowlers. Mitchell Johnson and Starc are the only Australian bowlers above him.
Chirag: "The attacking nature of Rayudu could be because Indian team assumed rain interruption and hence, wanted to have a good score so that D/L effect could be minimized and Australian have a good score to chase in case overs are reduced. "
7.35 pm Status quo at the SCG in terms of weather.
SamRoy: "@Pradyot I think Moeen Ali will be more successful than Jadeja as a bowler in this tournament and is a far better batsman. Jadeja has no variations at all."
James: "My fantasy team Gayle, Sharma, Clarke, Morgan, Maxwell, Anderson, Afridi, Dhoni, Johnson, Anderson, Cummins." Budget permitting of course.
Nick: "@James, no Steyn or AB or Amla? in fact no SA bowler or batsman? this makes nobody's fantasy!"
Mick: "@Snehil India regularly play at about 15 different grounds, while most countries only play regularly at a handful, explaining the difference (even though India play more ODIs)."
Ash: "So..If it becomes a 20 over affair.. India can bat only for 4 overs? That's unfair isn't it?" They will scale the total upwards using the mysterious D/L formula. Assuming we get back on, of course.
Tandy: "Clint Mckay is 4th on that list of bowlers. What's happened to him so much that he isn't even in the reckoning?"
Kashish: "And my fantasy team is Brendon McCullum, Aaron Finch, Virat Kohli, Steven Smith,AB de Villiers, James Taylor, Glenn Maxwell, Ravindra Jadeja, Mitchell Starc, Tim Southee and Mohammad Irfan."
Vijay: "@Ash: D/L is not a mysterious formula as you think. If this is a 20 overs match, 1st inns total will be increased based on the resources remain (71.98 for india) during 1st inns rain interruption. India will get 70 runs as bonus. So literally india is 139/2 for 16 overs"
7.05 pm Looking ahead to the World Cup, here are the players with the top batting and bowling averages in Australia and New Zealand in the last five years. Might be useful information for when you pick your fantasy teams.
Pradyot: "My fantasy team will be -Warner, Amla, Kohli, Williamson, Smith, De Villiers, Faulkner, Jadeja, Starc, Steyn, Southee." You might need a very generous budget to fit all of them in.
Scott: "Those lists not so helpful however given that David Hussey is apparently one of Australia's best bowlers." Hah, well you can't win them all when it comes to stats.
Nishant: "And only Indian to feature is Mohd Shami from the bunch of 10-12 bowlers India have tried over the last 4 years."
Mark: "Interesting stats but they only tell part of the story. Daniel Vettori's average is down near the bottom of the list but he is the only one with an economy rate below 4. As seen in the last ODI versus Sri Lanka, sometimes other bowlers reap the benefits of the pressure his economy rate builds."
aslam_cric: "The bowlers' list is not so appealing but the top three names in the batting list are intriguing. AB De Villiers (The best bet right now), Mommsen (Low on Fantasy team points weight but effective) and Trott who is out the picture"
Richard: "Only one Indian bowler in that list. Shami, that too on #28. Indians will top the list of worst bowlers in any country, Ishant as the topper. "
Aamir: "and not even a single Pakistani bowlers in the entire list...sums up the situation for Pakistan ???" They just haven't played enough in these countries, I suppose.
Snehil: "Wait a minute, that can't be right.. You're saying not one ground in India has hosted more than 50 ODIs??" That's right. Eden Gardens, with 28 ODIs, is No 1. the Chinnaswamy in Bangalore has hosted 24.
6.55 pm The rain on our parade remains unabated at the SCG. This tweet from WWOS a minute ago isn't pleasant to look at.
Andrew Schulz: "Um, Andrew, we are talking about weather in February and March. Where do you get your information that more matches have been washed out in Brisbane at this time than in Sydney, Melbourne or Adelaide? Many ODI finals at Sydney in this time have been affected."
6.15 pm Rain continues at the SCG. If this game does not have a result, the teams will take two points each from it, which means the final league game between England and India is a straight knockout for a chance to play Australia in the final. Bonus points and net run rate go out of the picture. But if there's another washout or a tie at the WACA, then England go through. But there's never been an ODI washout in Perth.
The latest a 20-over game can start today is roughly 8.45 pm, give or take.
Here is a list of grounds with the fewest ODI no-results.
Dev: "I can't believe my eyes Premadasa Stadium, Colombo, which has taken so much pouring over the years is in the list of grounds with the fewest ODI no-results.. are you sure?" Well only 19 grounds have hosted at least 50 ODIs, that's the qualification for that list.
Andrew: "@James So no one at CA will listen to you about more games at the Gabba? Well maybe that is based on the Gabba having a higher % of games washed out compared to Adelaide, Melbourne and Sydney!"
6 pm It's getting worse, says Dan Brettig at the SCG. The rain that is.
Ann-Maree: "Well done CA. Took the 'traditional' Australia Day game away from Adelaide Oval, and what have you got? Many rain delays and possibly half the crowd you would have got in Adelaide. If we had not broken 40,000 @ the Oval I would have been shocked. If the game had been in Adelaide, we would have been enjoying the innings break ... after the Indian innings had been completed. *sigh*"
5.30 pm The despicable weather for cricket continues at the SCG.
Here's Graeme Smith on South Africa dealing with the 'chokers' tag at this World Cup. "You can't get away from it. It's about fronting up, it's about dealing with it, it's about saying - "Look we haven't won a tournament yet, we haven't won a knockout game yet but it's about facing up and winning." But as always, they will begin the World Cup as serious contenders.
James: "Prepare for more of these delays at the World Cup, due to the chosen locations to stage the big matches. There should have been more matches at the Gabba! I have written to the organizers on a number of occasions, but nothing ever seems to get through."
Duncan: "Should have played it in Perth.. I think it's been twenty eight years since it rained.."
How different is the 2015 World Cup compared to the 2011 tournament in terms of rules and playing conditions? We've listed ten things that are different from fielding restrictions to the disappearance of Super Overs.
Graeme: "For James, Brisbane historically has the same number of days with more than 1mm of rain as Sydney, and nearly twice as many as Melbourne for Feb and March. Check your facts!"
5.20 pm Still no improvement at the SCG. While it rains, you could spend your time by looking at this: The closest Tests ever, to take a break from the ongoing abundance of ODIs.
Brian: "Still not raining in Adelaide... :P"
Rahul: "Since, December 2013, Dhawan has played 13 inning in ODIs played in Aus/NZ/SA/England and averages 19.9 with one score of above 40. If one takes into account only ODIs in Aus & NZ he averages 13 with a highest scroe of 32 in 7 innings. How does he even make it to the probables list? High time that India recognizes the difference between domestic and overseas batting success - each requires a different skill set!"
Rohan: "Let's take a break from punching non-performers and discuss why the team has lagged behind others in ODI batting (in first hour) since the exit of the big names. Too often, even in home ODI's, the run rate is ridiculous, batsmen focus on shots rather than rotating strike and we stare at scores like 70/2 after 15 if we are lucky to catch a few boundaries. Apart from the Windies, I haven't seen any other major team flounder so repeatedly in the opening exchanges over the past 3-4 years."
4.57 pm Argh. The rain is back. Covers have been brought on in a jiffy.
Here's something to pass the time. Michael Bevan was a master of the ODI chase. Here he tells you how it is done.
Karthik: "Is there a chance for India to drop Dhawan from WC Squad and Bring back Murali Vijay?" Well Dhawan's staying put in the squad unless he gets injured. And there's no way in for Vijay unless someone gets injured.
15.6;1;Doherty to Kohli, 1 run looked to defend but he gets an inside edge that goes towards fine leg;
15.5;?;Doherty to Kohli, no run Kohli tries to cut but the ball is too close to him and he gets a bottom edge into the pitch near his feet. Looks like the ball hit the top of the bat handle actually;
15.4;1;Doherty to Rahane, 1 run Rahane drives a full ball off the front foot past the diving Doherty towards long off;
15.3;1;Doherty to Kohli, 1 run Kohli moves forward to a slower, fuller ball and plays a wristy drive through cover;
15.2;?;Doherty to Kohli, no run defended on the off side;
15.1;?;Doherty to Kohli, no run Kohli drives the ball back to Doherty;
14.6;?;Faulkner to Rahane, no run nudged off the pads on the leg side;
14.5;?;Faulkner to Rahane, no run a full ball on middle and leg, pushed to mid-on from the crease;
14.4;?;Faulkner to Rahane, no run a fuller ball outside off stump, Rahane moves forward and plays a crisp drive to mid-off;
14.3;2;Faulkner to Rahane, 2 runs short ball and Rahane gets on top of the bounce and rolls his wrists to pull the ball down to deep square leg;
14.2;?;Faulkner to Rahane, no run driven firmly to the fielder at mid-off;
14.1;?;Faulkner to Rahane, no run a good length ball on leg, Rahane misses the glance and gets hit on the thigh;
13.6;?;Doherty to Kohli, no run Kohli strides forward to defend on the off side;
13.5;?;Doherty to Kohli, no run defended on the front foot on the off side;
13.4;?;Doherty to Kohli, no run pushed quickly through the air on middle stump, defended on the leg side;
13.3;1;Doherty to Rahane, 1 run worked through square leg for a single;
13.2;?;Doherty to Rahane, no run defended on the front foot on the leg side;
13.1;1;Doherty to Kohli, 1 run pushed to long on for a single and Kohli's off the mark first ball;
12.6;?;Marsh to Rahane, no run defended on the off side;
12.5;W;Marsh to Rayudu, OUT that is a sensational catch from Warner. Rayudu had charged and slashed at the ball, carving it high over the infield on the off side. Warner went after it from cover, I reckon. Running back as the ball swirled away from him but fast enough to get under it and judged it to perfection. He covered so much ground to get under that catch, and he makes a statement to the Indian fans giving him a hard time.;Ambati Rayudu c Warner b Marsh 23 (26m 24b 2x4 1x6) SR: 95.83;
12.5;1w;Marsh to Rayudu, 1 wide that's wide down leg side and Rayudu misses the flick, Haddin catches the ball and appeals. There was a sound but that was bat on pad;
12.4;4;Marsh to Rayudu, FOUR runs short ball just outside off at 135 kph, lots of time for Rayudu to use his bat like a ramp and chip it over the wicketkeeper;
12.3;?;Marsh to Rayudu, no run short of a length at the body, cramping Rayudu for room, he dabs the ball close on the leg side and wants a single. Rahane says no;
12.2;1;Marsh to Rahane, 1 run short of a length outside off, Rahane rides the bounce and opens the face to steer the ball behind point;
12.1;?;Marsh to Rahane, no run good length on off stump, defended back to the bowler;
11.6;1;Doherty to Rahane, 1 run goes back to one that pitches outside off and punches in front of point;
11.5;1;Doherty to Rayudu, 1 run played close on the off side for a quick single;
11.4;1;Doherty to Rahane, 1 run nudged in front of square for a single;
11.4;1w;Doherty to Rahane, 1 wide that's down leg side, Rahane tries to sweep but doesn't make contact;
11.3;1;Doherty to Rayudu, 1 run a lofted drive and it's just wide of Doherty's full length dive to his left, Rayudu went hard at the ball but then checked his shot to long off;
11.2;?;Doherty to Rayudu, no run bowled full and straight, driven back to the bowler;
11.1;?;Doherty to Rayudu, no run defended on the front foot on the off side;
10.6;1;Marsh to Rayudu, 1 run a fuller ball on middle and leg, Rayudu clips it through square leg for a single;
10.5;?;Marsh to Rayudu, no run Marsh bangs it in short again at Rayudu, and he sways out of the line;
10.4;1;Marsh to Rahane, 1 run Rahane stays in his crease and gets a thick outside edge that takes the ball along the ground towards third man, he was trying to play that in front of point;
10.3;1;Marsh to Rayudu, 1 run jumps back and across to another short ball and plays it towards square leg;
10.3;1w;Marsh to Rayudu, 1 wide that's a loopy short ball that got too high on Rayudu, but he went after it and tried to ramp the ball over the cordon;
10.2;1;Marsh to Rahane, 1 run he was looking to play that towards square leg but closed the face too early and got a leading edge that went along the ground towards mid on;
10.1;1;Marsh to Rayudu, 1 run a length ball angling into the right-hander, played towards midwicket for a single;
9.6;1;Hazlewood to Rayudu, 1 run Rayudu moves a little towards leg to create some room and then steers the ball towards third man;
9.5;1;Hazlewood to Rahane, 1 run strays on to the pads, Rahane tucks it behind square for a single;
9.4;?;Hazlewood to Rahane, no run defended from the crease on the off side;
9.3;?;Hazlewood to Rahane, no run that ball bounced sharply on Rahane from a good length, rapped him on the glove as he tried to defend on the back foot;
9.2;?;Hazlewood to Rahane, no run good length outside off, defended on the off side;
9.1;2;Hazlewood to Rahane, 2 runs that short ball got big on Rahane but he managed to adjust and pull the ball down through midwicket;
8.6;6;Marsh to Rayudu, SIX runs oh my! Rayudu has charged down the pitch to a length ball and lofted it cleanly on the up and all the way over the long-on boundary. He simply picked up the length early and hit sweetly through the line;
8.5;?;Marsh to Rayudu, no run a full ball on off and middle, Rayudu nearly yorked himself as he pushed the ball out to mid-on;
8.4;1;Marsh to Rahane, 1 run a fuller ball on the pads, turned behind square;
8.3;1;Marsh to Rayudu, 1 run goes deep into the crease to play the ball close on the leg side for one more;
8.2;1;Marsh to Rahane, 1 run good length on off and middle, Rahane stays in his crease and dabs the ball close on the leg side for a single;
8.1;?;Marsh to Rahane, no run good length on off stump, Rahane stays in his crease and defends on the off side;
7.6;1;Hazlewood to Rahane, 1 run good call for a run, Rahane sprinted as soon as he pushed the ball into the covers off the front foot;
7.5;1;Hazlewood to Rayudu, 1 run nudged on the leg side for a quick single;
7.4;4;Hazlewood to Rayudu, FOUR runs this one goes over the infield! Rayudu moves towards the off side, gets slightly forward and uses the angle into him to lift the full ball over mid-on;
7.3;?;Hazlewood to Rayudu, no run now he moves forward and across towards the off side and mows across the line. That's a slog and it does not go past midwicket;
7.2;?;Hazlewood to Rayudu, no run hits a good length just outside off and angles into the right-hander, Hazlewood's getting the ball to move, Rayudu defends from his crease. He looked a bit hesitant;
7.1;?;Hazlewood to Rayudu, no run a tight leave outside off, that pitched on a good length just outside off stump;
6.6;?;Starc to Rahane, no run wide outside the off stump, Rahane shoulders arms;
6.5;1;Starc to Rayudu, 1 run a full ball outside off, driven into the covers to get off the mark;
6.4;?;Starc to Rayudu, no run another short ball, closer to the batsman, Rayudu sways out of the line;
6.4;1w;Starc to Rayudu, 1 wide Rayudu charges and then aborts playing a shot as Starc gets a ball to lift sharply and angle across the right-hander. A bit too wide outside off that was;
6.3;?;Starc to Rayudu, no run Rayudu stays in his crease and defend son the off side;
6.2;?;Starc to Rayudu, no run defends from the crease on the off side, he was slightly squared up as he did so;
6.1;W;Starc to S Dhawan, OUT Dhawan's gone. A replay of a dismissal we've seen so often this tour. Dhawan stayed rooted to his crease as the ball bounced a bit extra from a good length just outside off. He dabbed at it almost as if he was trying to give first slip catching practice. Finch took it too easily.;Shikhar Dhawan c Finch b Starc 8 (24m 13b 0x4 0x6) SR: 61.53;
5.6;?;Hazlewood to Rahane, no run good length on off stump, Rahane moves forward and defends with a straight bat;
5.5;?;Hazlewood to Rahane, no run defended from the crease;
5.4;4;Hazlewood to Rahane, FOUR runs that's just wide of the diving Brad Haddin! The ball was short and down leg side and Rahane swivelled and tried to pull. He got just a bit of bat on it, just enough to send the ball wide of Haddin's leap;
5.3;?;Hazlewood to Rahane, no run defended on the off side;
5.2;1;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, 1 run another quick single taken after Dhawan defends a good length ball from middle and off on the off side;
5.1;1;Hazlewood to Rahane, 1 run a length ball on middle and leg, Rahane drops it with soft hands behind square and they run a quick single;
4.6;?;Starc to S Dhawan, no run short of a length outside off, Dhawan sways out of the line to let the ball pass;
4.5;2;Starc to S Dhawan, 2 runs Dhawan's found the gap at cover with a firm front foot-drive. Starc's length was full outside off. Warner gives chase and gets to the ball really quickly;
4.4;?;Starc to S Dhawan, no run good length homing in on off stump from just outside, Dhawan meets the ball with a straight bat and punches on the off side;
4.3;?;Starc to S Dhawan, no run Starc corrects his line to one that is just outside off, Dhawan lets the ball go;
4.2;2;Starc to S Dhawan, 2 runs another one on his pads and Dhawan clips it through the leg side again, once again his timing is not awesome and the ball won't reach the boundary;
4.1;2;Starc to S Dhawan, 2 runs Dhawan receives a full ball on his pads too, and his timing is not as good as he pushes it into the gap at midwicket;
3.6;?;Hazlewood to Rahane, no run good length just outside off stump, Rahane defends with a straight bat;
3.5;4;Hazlewood to Rahane, FOUR runs that's rocketed to the square leg boundary! Rahane leaned across to a full ball on his pads and flicked it behind square with stupendous timing;
3.4;2;Hazlewood to Rahane, 2 runs strays on to the pads this time, Rahane flicks the ball down to long leg;
3.3;?;Hazlewood to Rahane, no run good length without much room for the right-hander, Rahane stays in his crease and blocks;
3.2;?;Hazlewood to Rahane, no run length ball outside off stump, Rahane lets it go;
3.1;?;Hazlewood to Rahane, no run Hazlewood begins his second over with a pinpoint yorker, Rahane does well to keep it out. Big improvement from the start of his first over;
2.6;?;Starc to S Dhawan, no run short of a length with a little width outside off, Dhawan lets it go;
2.5;?;Starc to S Dhawan, no run a full ball angling into the left-hander, Dhawan moves forward and plays a checked drive to extra cover;
2.4;1;Starc to Rahane, 1 run and Rahane does got for his shots, flaying at a full ball outside off, he wanted to hit that over cover but the ball flew off the outside edge towards third man;
2.3;?;Starc to Rahane, no run Rahane presses forward to a fuller ball around middle and off and dabs on the leg side;
2.2;?;Starc to Rahane, no run Starc bowls it wide outside the off stump, Rahane plays no shot;
2.1;1;Starc to S Dhawan, 1 run some people in the crowd give Dhawan a cheer as he tucks a length ball off his hips behind square;
1.6;?;Hazlewood to Rahane, no run that's a ripper, pitched on a good length outside off after angling into the right-hander and seamed away off the pitch, Rahane began to poke at it of the front foot but sort of checked his shot as it moved away from him;
1.5;?;Hazlewood to Rahane, no run fuller and straighter, Rahane moves forward and pushes the ball towards mid-on;
1.4;?;Hazlewood to Rahane, no run wider outside the off stump, left alone;
1.3;?;Hazlewood to Rahane, no run an appeal for lbw from Hazlewood after he pitches on a great length outside off and nips the ball back into the right-hander, beating Rahane on the inside edge and hitting the top of the front pad. Too high, I think;
1.2;?;Hazlewood to Rahane, no run good length and straight, Rahane stays in his crease and blocks;
1.1;?;Hazlewood to Rahane, no run he's bowled one on the off side! On a good length too, and Rahane lets it go;
1.1;1w;Hazlewood to Rahane, 1 wide three in a row down the leg side from Hazlewood, giving Haddin a real workout early in the day, Haddin makes a small appeal too but that wasn't close to the bat;
1.1;1w;Hazlewood to Rahane, 1 wide the second one is down the leg side too, not as far as the previous one but still wide enough for Rahane not to connect with the glance;
1.1;1w;Hazlewood to Rahane, 1 wide Hazlewood's first ball from over the wicket is a poor one, full and down leg side, too far away for Rahane to glance, but he tries anyway;
0.6;?;Starc to S Dhawan, no run slightly wider outside off from Starc, so it's a bit easier for Dhawan to leave;
0.5;?;Starc to S Dhawan, no run Dhawan is beaten prodding half-heartedly at one that pitches outside off and held its line, he looked extremely iffy playing that;
0.4;1;Starc to Rahane, 1 run Rahane comes forward to one that's fuller and much straighter and dabs it close towards midwicket, a bit of hesitation while running between the wickets but India are away ...;
0.3;?;Starc to Rahane, no run short of a length pitching outside off and angling away with decent bounce too, Rahane lets it go again. No deadly inswing into the right-hander yet for Starc;
0.2;?;Starc to Rahane, no run good length on a tight line just outside off, Rahane strides forward and shoulders arms once again;
0.1;?;Starc to Rahane, no run good length, angling across the right-hander from over the wicket, the line is a bit wide so the batsman can let it go;

Game time. The national anthems have been sung on Australia Day and India's Republic Day. The Australians walk out on to the SCG under overcast skies. India are opening with the under pressure Shikhar Dhawan and Ajinkya Rahane, in the injured Rohit Sharma's absence. Mitchell Starc with the new ball, over the wicket, two slips in place.
Our special guide gives you all need to know about the World Cup.
" target="_blank">Buy it here
Toss, 2.40 pm George Bailey has won the toss and sent India in to bat at the SCG.
Australia are playing fast bowler Josh Hazlewood, allrounder Mitchell Marsh and left-arm spinner Xavier Doherty today. David Warner is back too.
India have picked fast bowler Ishant Sharma and spinning allrounder Ravindra Jadeja, who is playing his first international on the tour after recovering from injury. Stuart Binny is playing as the third seamer, will be expected to bowl ten overs today.
Shaun: "That's a brave move to send a team in in a ODI in Sydney. Bailey must have seen something spiteful in the pitch; it's a difficult ground to chase runs."
Harkaran Singh : "Never seen a captain as casual as Dhoni. Walks up to Mark Nicholas after losing the toss, and says 'sup' Hahaha"
Astavirs: "I absolutely hate this world cup format. We have once in 4 years where all the teams are in 1 place and we screw it up by playing 3 knock out games rather than testing their real strength. There is no way the winner of this format is the best team of the world."
Rama: "I understand that Kohli's batting average is lower in general while batting first, but wonder how significantly lower while batting first especially batting outside subcontinent." It's 35.71 in first innings away from home, compared to an overall average of 51.
2.30 pm Do India have a realistic chance of defending the World Cup? I personally feel they do not, but I know no where near as much as Rahul Dravid and Graeme Smith. Their discussion on India's prospects on ESPNcricinfo's Contenders show is worth a watch. And here's their assessment of Australia's chances, where they say how the hosts deal with home pressure will be crucial.
Decent news from the SCG. The covers are off again and the stump mics are being put in. A roller is working on smoothening out the bowler's run-ups. The toss will take place at 2.40 pm and play will begin at 3 pm. No overs lost at the moment.
Ajesh: "I would think that India would want to play this game no matter what the result would be. It would give the team the much needed practice to work out the combinations for the WC. As any indian fan would accept, we care about the WC more than this series."
Don: "One thing about the Indian team though, while most teams tend to crack under pressure in these big global tournaments and under perform its almost the opposite for India. It seems the bigger the pressure and grander the stage the better they're able to perform, two of India biggest players, Kohli and Dhoni basically made their names by their super human performances in pressure cooker situations. While they may not be the most fancied unit in this world cup and rightly so, write off India at your own peril. "
Prabha: "Stuart Binny's role will be crucial if India have any hope of retaining the world cup. With Dhoni out of form and Jadeja injured, he might be the hard hitter(definitely not a slogger) India needed at the end overs"
Kalpesh: "Cast your mind back to Champions Trophy 2013 and the recent T20 world cup and anyone writing India off will know it's a mistake. The thing about India is most of the players are so used to big stages and handling pressure, which might just be the difference between the sides. If I'm a NZ fan, the thing that would worry me the most would how will they handle the favorites tag and also are they peaking too early. They are red hot at the moment but it takes one bad day at office and you know it's all over. "
Venkat: "People can say all sorts of things, but the fact is form going into a tournament means almost nothing for a team like India. It just takes the absence of one or two players to throw a teams balance off and India have been ill served by the absence of Jadeja and Ishant here. Rohit back and those two back and suddenly it's a different ball game."
2.15 pm Andrew Schulz: "There is no chance that this game will be a no result. Check the radar."
Vinay: "I see Michael Clarke's role in the ODI team to be to build an innings, be that guy who can get a large score and accelerate when needed...similar to the role of Kane Williamson for NZ, and no one would dare talk about dropping him no matter who he played for."
Kiran: "@ David - That is exactly what the Indian team wants others to think. BTW NZ have never crossed the semis of the world cup and I dont see that changing despite their good team this time. You need a player with X factor to stand up on that day and despite the bad run of form, India have more players with that X factor who can single handedly win the big games."
Tanay: "@David: Completely with you on that! We don't look like a threat to any team at this point to be honest. Batsmen are slacking and our bowling is toothless. Batsmen might find form at some point and shine in bits and pieces but I am not too hopeful about the bowling. Our future doesn't look too bright in that department. "
Sarthak: "Seems like everyone's writing off India,just like before the 2013 Champions Trophy,and even the t20 World Cup in 2014.India plays well on the big stage,even with weaker bowlers."
IT Employee: "@David An opener who has scored 2 double centuries in ODI, a middle order batsman who has scored 4 centuries in a series in Australia, a couple of bowlers who can bat also and above all a captain who can keep his cool in pressure cooker situations also is the reason why India is a threat to any team in the world."
Arun: "Why can't they have the toss done and be ready when the rain stops?" Because the conditions need to be fit for play when the toss happens.
Kalpesh: "Regardless of all the talk about SA, NZ, Aus being favorites for the world, in my view this is one of the most open world cups in recent memory and that is simply because of the nature of the format. A team needs 3 good days and the opposition needs 1 bad day. As the old adage goes, team that handles pressure better will possibly win the trophy. Write off any top teams at your peril. "
Avnish: "India will be in the top 4 teams of the tournament. All it is going to take is a century from Kohli while chasing, and your tune will change."
2.10 pm Ram: "@Shaun: Clarke would add value as a player that can build the innings and have the big hitters bat around him. With Bailey out of form, and Maxwell/M.Marsh being hit and miss, the line-up would look more solid with Clarke in it."
David: "I'm not sure India are any threat to a full strength Aus, SA or even NZ. They don't have the bowlers to trouble the good teams and their top 6 batsmen are suspect against the better bowlers (their bottom 5 are suspect against everyone!!). "
1.55 pm The covers are coming off at the SCG. Well that lasted only a few good minutes. The drizzle is back, and therefore so are the covers.
Nash: "George, can you shed more light on Sid Monga's fancy lifestyle traveling to Aus, SA and England covering cricket? Is he one of those reporters who gets to play table-tennis and do nets with the cricketers?" Look him up when he travels to your part of the world and put that question to him. His table tennis isn't bad, though.
Shaun: "For test matches I'm a huge fan of Clarke, but these days he shouldn't be in the ODI team when there's such a depth of ODI batsmen in Australia at the moment. Warner, Finch, Watson, Smith, Bailey, M Marsh, Maxwell; how do you exclude one of those guys instead of Clarke?"
Ahmar_Jami: "I live within 2 kms of SCG. I have kept an eye on weather. It was suppose to be a big storm yesterday. But it looks it will be today. Plus there are clouds as far as i can see. We will be extremely lucky to have a proper match today."
1.45 pm Sid Monga, who's at the SCG, says it has stopped drizzling for the moment and that the umpires are out on the ground having a look around. Looks like it's going to be this sort of day.
Jugnu: "Guess India's world cup start right now. This game will be a NR and that means they just have to beat England even if its by 1 run to get to the finals." Such optimism about today's prospects, Jungu. But yes, if it's a no-result, they India just need to win the next game.
Brian: "No rain here in Adelaide, just saying. They took away our Australia Day match and it rains on their parade. Karma."
Kalpesh: "Don't think, India will prefer a wash out today even if it means they lose this game and leave themselves with an almost impossible task of beating and qualifying for the final. With world cup only few days away, India would prefer to see players sweating in the middle with the hope that players will find form. So India will be hurt the most if there is a wash out."
1.30 pm Hello, and welcome to our ball-by-ball coverage of the fifth ODI of the tri-series between Australia and India at the SCG. January 26 is Australia Day and also Republic Day in India, but if you're at home on this holiday waiting for this game to begin, you might have to wait a bit longer. It's been drizzling in Sydney.
The bottom line is this: If India don't win or tie or get a no-result in this game, they will leave themselves with an unenviable task of needing to beat England with a bonus point and also making up a pretty significant difference between their and England's net run-rate to make the final.
George Bailey returns to lead Australia after serving his over-rate suspension, and here's some early love for him from Troy: "George Bailey is awesome. He deserves the captaincy and if or when Clarke comes back into the side he should be retained as he is a good leader, one of the best ODI players in the world, and is highly regarded by his peers (and he is Tasmanian which makes him even more awesome)."
Sam: "If there is no result, then the available 4 points needs to shared. So India will get 2 points." Yes Sam, and then England v India becomes a knockout for a place in the final. Australia are already there.
Kalpesh: "Joie De Vivre / Morning all - Don't think India has done that badly as many have saying, they were awful in Brisbane which is hard to understand as Finn was only bowling at 135 clicks and that is not going to worry India or most top sides on most days but it was one of those days. If Mitchell Starc is going to be rested today, I reckon India will win the game as barring him I don't think Australia have bowlers who can cause India trouble. "
 Innings Start
5th Match (D/N), Sydney, Jan 26 2015, Carlton Mid One-Day International Tri-Series
69/2
Player of the match is 
