Data
Sriram Sridhar: "My prediction: Aus 35 -3 with openers and one of Smith/Marnus out before Dinner."
Samyak Jain: "Who was the guy, to point out that If India lasted more than 10 overs, they have 2 go with new balls today? I take it you got your wish mate.."
Kartik Gada: "Kohli's run out has cost India this test. It cost India 60 runs and 20 more overs of batting, which not only would make Australia's 4th innings target be 60 runs higher, but most of their chase would have to be on the 5th day. There is a huge difference between a target of 240 and a target of 300, with the latter chase on the 5th day. " -- Still three innings to go, mate!
Les Corson: "Missed the start by 10 minutes, and 4 Indian wickets fall. Maybe I should do that more often?"
Mark: "188/3 to 244 all out. That run out completely changed the game."
Ravi Kant Yadav: "I just went for a cup of tea.." -- It's all your doing then.
Jeevan: "That's why Bumrah has become no 10 and Shami 111" -- I think you mean 11, but if cricket was a 111-player sport, he could be a candidate for that spot too.
2.53pm A great morning for Australia. India have added just 11 runs to their overnight total and lost four wickets, all in the space of a mere 4.1 overs. Bright blue skies over Adelaide Oval as the Australia openers rush into the dressing room to pad up.
93.1;W;Cummins to Shami, OUT it doesn't matter. Digs it in short, and it rears towards the top of Shami's helmet. All he can do is get his hands up in a desperate attempt to fend it away, and gloves the loopiest, simplest catch to short leg;Mohammed Shami c Head b Cummins 0 (4m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
92.6;4;Starc to Bumrah, FOUR runs full, slanting away from off stump, and that's well played by Bumrah. Not off the very middle of the bat, but close enough, as he gets a big stride forward - and that's the key - and slices this drive through point;
92.5;?;Starc to Bumrah, no run fullish, a little wider, left alone;
92.4;?;Starc to Bumrah, no run length ball zipping away outside off, has a poke at it and misses;
92.3;?;Starc to Bumrah, no run length ball slanting away from off stump, left alone;
92.2;W;Starc to Yadav, OUT full on middle stump, and Umesh goes for the big slog but his weight is falling backwards as he plays it, and he slices it high in the air, behind the bowler, and mid-on runs across and takes a very well-judged catch;Umesh Yadav c Wade b Starc 6 (15m 13b 1x4 0x6) SR: 46.15;
92.1;?;Starc to Yadav, no run full at the stumps. Looks to work it away leg side, but closes his bat face a touch early and squeezes it into the off side off the leading edge;
91.6;1;Cummins to Yadav, 1 run full now, on off stump, and Umesh shows it as straight a bat as possible to squeeze a single into the covers. Just the outcome he'd have wanted;
91.5;?;Cummins to Yadav, no run ooh, big hoick. Cummins goes length now, angling into the stumps, but the ball bounces over the stumps as Umesh clears his front leg and swivels violently through the slog;
91.4;?;Cummins to Yadav, no run bouncer over leg stump, ducks under;
91.3;?;Cummins to Yadav, no run not the most unexpected reaction. Digs it in short again, but outside off. Backs away to try and make extra room for the big pull, but can't connect;
91.2;4;Cummins to Yadav, FOUR runs shot. Latches onto the chance when Cummins bowls one full, angling into the stumps. Clears his front leg slightly and slogs it powerfully over wide mid-on;
91.1;?;Cummins to Yadav, no run bouncer angling in over leg stump and rising menacingly towards the head. Manages to duck under it, though not too far under;
90.6;?;Starc to Bumrah, no run goes short now, slanting away from off stump. Left alone;
90.5;?;Starc to Bumrah, no run back of a length, a bit of bounce, slanting across to middle or middle and off. Squared up completely, but manages to keep his defensive push down into the covers;
90.4;?;Starc to Bumrah, no run fullish on off stump, defended to short extra-cover;
90.3;W;Starc to Saha, OUT gone, that was one of those dismissals where you get a loose shot but kind of understand why the batsman played it. Didn't play it very well, though. Smart bowling from Starc, slants out a full, wide tempter, and Saha throws his hands at it, looking to drive through the covers. All he manages is an edge through to Paine. With the bounce on this pitch, the angled bat is an invitation for trouble. Could have maybe gone harder so the edge would fly over the cordon;Wriddhiman Saha c ?Paine b Starc 9 (47m 26b 1x4 0x6) SR: 34.61;
90.2;1lb;Starc to Yadav, 1 leg bye shortish, at the hip, jumps to try and get on top of the bounce and work it square, ends up popping it briefly in the air, but safely, into the backward square leg region;
90.1;?;Starc to Yadav, no run full on middle and off, clears his front leg and drives firmly back to the bowler;
17.6;?;Starc to Pujara, no run looks for the off-stump yorker, ends up as a low full-toss that hits the bottom of Pujara's bat and jars his hands as he punches it back to the bowler;
17.5;?;Starc to Pujara, no run full, angling into leg stump, clipped to midwicket;
17.4;?;Starc to Pujara, no run back of a length, fairly wide of off stump, left alone;
17.3;?;Starc to Pujara, no run back of a length on off stump, blocked back to the bowler;
17.2;?;Starc to Pujara, no run full, angling into off stump. It was up there to drive, but he was slightly late getting forward. Wanted to push that through the covers, and ended up playing it back to the bowler off the inside half of the bat. Fairly large gap between bat and pad because of the lack of a front-foot stride;
17.1;1;Starc to Agarwal, 1 run fullish, angling into middle stumo. Stays leg-side of the ball and pushes to the left of mid-off;
16.6;?;Cummins to Pujara, no run length ball on off stump, very well bowled. Pujara's bat comes down at an angle while defending, slicing slightly across the line, aiming to play towards mid-on. Thickish outside edge rolls towards third slip;
16.5;?;Cummins to Pujara, no run length ball, angling in towards off stump and nipping in off the seam. Past the inside edge and onto thigh pad as he presses half-forward to defend;
16.4;?;Cummins to Pujara, no run ooh, sharp bouncer over middle stump. Pujara is hurried into ducking - may have seen it a fraction late;
16.3;?;Cummins to Pujara, no run length ball on off stump, shows the full face and blocks to mid-on;
16.2;?;Cummins to Pujara, no run a little fuller outside off, left alone;
16.1;?;Cummins to Pujara, no run well bowled, well played. Length ball in the corridor, a little bit of movement away. Pujara presses forward, shapes to defend, and then pulls his bat away from the line and lets it pass his edge;
89.6;1;Cummins to Yadav, 1 run ooh, not the greatest footwork. Full, angling into middle and leg and straightening a touch. Jabs at it without getting either of his feet across, and squirts a thick edge down to third man;
89.5;?;Cummins to Yadav, no run back of a length close to off stump, hops to ride the bounce and defend to backward point;
89.4;?;Cummins to Yadav, no run what a ball to greet the new man. Angling into off stump, fullish length, jagging away sharply to beat the outside edge as Umesh jabs at it from the crease;
89.3;W;Cummins to Ashwin, OUT edged, and Cummins finds a hole in Ashwin's technique. Great bowling, tests him with a fuller length outside off, and he doesn't get forward at all. Just pushes at it with hard hands, and the ball straightens to take his edge through to Tim Paine. It's the first outside-edge dismissal of the innings;Ravichandran Ashwin c ?Paine b Cummins 15 (27m 20b 1x4 0x6) SR: 75;
89.2;?;Cummins to Ashwin, no run length ball straightening towards off stump. Gets his weight forward into a push towards point. He's looking for one, but it's too close to the fielder to allow it;
89.1;?;Cummins to Ashwin, no run bouncer to start, rising steeply over off stump. Sways his upper body away from the line and evades it well;
88.6;?;Hazlewood to Saha, no run back of a length outside off, left alone, and that is... stumps, yes.;
88.5;?;Hazlewood to Saha, no run good leave again, not too far outside off but just short enough for Saha to trust the bounce;
88.4;4;Hazlewood to Saha, FOUR runs full outside off, and that's a lovely shot from Saha, gets his weight forward even though his foot doesn't go that far. Gets his head more or less over the ball, and frees his arms to drive smoothly through cover point;
88.3;?;Hazlewood to Saha, no run length ball on off stump, a little fuller than the previous one. Defended into the on side, bottom hand dropping off the handle;
88.2;?;Hazlewood to Saha, no run ooh, tight leave, but I think he left it on length. In which case it's a very good leave. Length ball, nipping in and not missing off stump by much at all, in terms of line, but it misses by about a foot in terms of height;
88.1;?;Hazlewood to Saha, no run length ball on off stump, defended back to the bowler;
87.6;?;Cummins to Ashwin, no run back of a length, again it nips back to hit thigh pad, catching Ashwin mid-shuffle. Tried to jam his bat down quickly but couldn't bring it down quickly enough;
87.5;?;Cummins to Ashwin, no run length ball angling in towards off stump, a bit of extra bounce. Nips past the inside edge of his hurried defensive jab, or maybe inside edge onto pad;
87.4;2lb;Cummins to Ashwin, 2 leg byes fullish, angling down leg, tickled down to the right of fine leg. May have been just pad;
87.3;4;Cummins to Ashwin, FOUR runs short, gets up above Ashwin's left shoulder, and he takes on the hook. Doesn't control it perfectly, but times it well enough to find the gap, just out of reach of long leg running frantically to his right;
87.2;?;Cummins to Ashwin, no run length ball on off stump, gets his front leg smartly out of the way and blocks it back to the bowler with a straight bat;
87.1;?;Cummins to Ashwin, no run full outside off, gets forward for the push drive to short extra;
86.6;?;Hazlewood to Saha, no run back of a length, straightens towards off stump. Manages to keep it down towards gully despite getting into an uncomfortable position while defending, dropping his bottom hand hurriedly. He plays almost all his shots from the same initial position, a firm half-forward press;
86.5;?;Hazlewood to Saha, no run length ball on off stump, a bit of extra bounce. Saha plays that very well, raising himself on his toes to get on top of it and defend close to his body, dropping the ball right by his feet;
86.5;3nb;Hazlewood to Saha, (no ball) 2 runs length ball close to off stump, gets forward, head on top of the ball, and opens his bat face to steer it wide of gully;
86.4;3;Hazlewood to Ashwin, 3 runs shot. Full, angling into middle stump, just shows it the full face and punches between the stumps at the other end and mid-on;
86.3;1;Hazlewood to Saha, 1 run back of a length, Hazlewood strays too straight again. Worked off the hip to long leg;
86.2;?;Hazlewood to Saha, no run length ball, nips in towards the thigh pad. Rides the bounce well and clips it down in front of short leg;
86.1;1;Hazlewood to Ashwin, 1 run back of a length, a touch too straight, tucked off the hip to long leg;
85.6;?;Cummins to Saha, no run back of a length, nips in sharply with extra bounce. Looks to hop and ride the bounce to defend, and the ball zips past his inside edge and hits thigh pad;
85.5;?;Cummins to Saha, no run full outside off. Looks to drive away from his body, and plays it straighter than intended, off the inside half of the bat to short extra-cover;
85.4;1;Cummins to Ashwin, 1 run back of a length close to off stump, smartly played. Lets it come on, and pushes to the right of point. Met that right under his eye;
85.3;?;Cummins to Ashwin, no run length ball on off stump, punched with the swing to short extra-cover;
85.2;2;Cummins to Ashwin, 2 runs full on off stump, not much of a stride forward from Ashwin. There's some outswing, and he looks to drive through mid-off and ends up edging thickly to the right of gully;
85.1;?;Cummins to Ashwin, no run length ball on off stump, straightening just a touch. Defended back to the bowler off the front foot;
84.6;?;Starc to Saha, no run 142kph and squares him up. Short of a length and into middle stump, then it pitches and goes away as Saha looks to defend for a leg stump line;
84.5;2;Starc to Saha, 2 runs good length and into leg stump, squeezed past short leg with a closed face;
84.4;1;Starc to Ashwin, 1 run top edge is short of fine leg. Short and at the stomach. Takes the pull on and is not in full control as it gets big on him;
84.3;2;Starc to Ashwin, 2 runs nicely played. Full wobbly delivery at off stump at 145kph. Offers the full face and drives it past the non-striker;
84.2;?;Starc to Ashwin, no run short and pushed wide outside off. 141kph. Looks to cut hard and misses;
84.1;?;Starc to Ashwin, no run full inswinger, starts at leg stump and keeps sliding on as he looks to flick;
83.6;?;Hazlewood to Saha, no run good length and in at middle stump, gets forward and low to defend. Rapped on the glove, it appears;
83.5;?;Hazlewood to Saha, no run good length at off stump, defended to slip off the back foot;
83.4;?;Hazlewood to Saha, no run left on height. No visibility issues if Saha meant this leave. Close. Good length, slammed into the corridor, nipping back in and sailing over off stump;
83.3;1;Hazlewood to Ashwin, 1 run full and just outside off, punched to mid-off's left off the front foot;
83.2;W;Hazlewood to Vihari, OUT that looks dead in front! No vigour at all in terms of a review from Vihari this time. Good length ball, sliding straight on at an off stump line. Vihari brings down an angled bat and is beaten on the inside edge by a long way. It hits his back leg in front of off. Once again, a very odd shot. I wonder if visibility has anything to do with this. Whether it does or not, it's Australia's premier fast bowlers doing the job even late in the day. What a wonderful day they've had, pure quality;Hanuma Vihari lbw b Hazlewood 16 (30m 25b 2x4 0x6) SR: 64;;
83.1;4;Hazlewood to Vihari, FOUR runs oh that's a good-looking drive. Full outswinger outside off, gets low, on his back knee, and drills it through the covers;
82.6;?;Starc to Saha, no run short of a length across the corridor, left alone;
82.5;?;Starc to Saha, no run good length and in the corridor, watches it through as he lets it go;
82.4;?;Starc to Saha, no run good length on leg stump, defended on the front foot;
82.3;?;Starc to Saha, no run full inswinger in the corridor, driven firmly to point;
82.2;1lb;Starc to Vihari, 1 leg bye appeal for lbw as Vihari falls over a flick. It isn't the most confident appeal, and it isn't given, but Australia have reviewed. That's swung and beaten him on pace, and it's umpire's call;
82.1;?;Starc to Vihari, no run back of a length, swinging down leg, looks to glance but can't connect;
81.6;?;Hazlewood to Saha, no run length at leg stump, defended on the front foot;
81.5;1;Hazlewood to Vihari, 1 run good length at off stump, defended into the off side;
81.4;?;Hazlewood to Vihari, no run short of a length and wide outside off, left alone;
81.3;4;Hazlewood to Vihari, FOUR runs full outswinger in the corridor, looks to flick, closes the face on it too soon and gets a leading edge through point;
81.2;?;Hazlewood to Vihari, no run beaten. Short of a length and curving away from the corridor as he has a jab at it;
81.1;?;Hazlewood to Vihari, no run good length and jagging back into the stumps, defended off the back foot;
80.6;?;Starc to Saha, no run length and at the stumps, blocked on the front foot;
80.5;?;Starc to Saha, no run good length and at the stumps, defended on the front foot;
80.4;W;Starc to Rahane, OUT gone, that looked plumb! Was he beaten for pace there? It's given, and Rahane was walking away, but Vihari calls him back and asks him to review. Full, maybe swinging back a touch. Rahane is stuck on the crease, feet going nowhere, and he jams his bat down in a slicing motion to keep it out as it tails in late. Not too extravagantly at all. Pitching just inside the line of leg stump, swinging to hit leg stump, and India lose their review. Massive wicket, this;Ajinkya Rahane lbw b Starc 42 (129m 92b 3x4 1x6) SR: 45.65;;
80.3;3;Starc to Vihari, 3 runs shot. This is his favourite area - mid-on and midwicket. Overpitches on off stump, and he shows the full face and drives between the bowler and mid-on;
80.2;?;Starc to Vihari, no run fullish, angling across to off stump, no swing back. Blocked to short extra-cover;
80.1;?;Starc to Vihari, no run length ball slanting across to off stump, defended into the covers. No real swing just yet;
79.6;?;Green to Rahane, no run length ball angling into leg stump, defended into the on side;
79.5;?;Green to Rahane, no run length ball in the corridor, steep bounce again, left alone. Went wider on the crease to try and make Rahane play for the angle, but the length and Green's height made it easier for Rahane to leave;
79.4;?;Green to Rahane, no run digs it in short close to off stump. Leaves the batsman after pitching, and Rahane drops his gloves and leaves it alone;
79.3;1;Green to Vihari, 1 run back of a length close to off stump, gets right on top of the bounce, dabs gently to the left of short extra, and goes yeahyeahyeahyeah early and loud;
79.2;?;Green to Vihari, no run fuller now, angling into off stump, gets forward to block it back to the bowler;
79.1;?;Green to Vihari, no run nice. Excellent line, nipping in from not too far outside off, but Vihari trusts the bounce and leaves on length. Bounced pretty much over the top of off stump;
78.6;?;Lyon to Rahane, no run dips onto a better length outside off, plus Rahane is shorter, so he defends respectfully back to the bowler;
78.5;3;Lyon to Vihari, 3 runs shot. Excellent stride forward to pounce on some marginal overpitching, and drives into the wide open spaces in the covers, below the feet of the jumping silly point fielder;
78.4;?;Lyon to Vihari, no run length ball, drawing Vihari forward with flight and turning into the stumps with bounce. Clipped neatly into the on side;
78.3;?;Lyon to Vihari, no run now he flights one higher and wider outside off, with lots of overspin. Left alone;
78.2;?;Lyon to Vihari, no run flatter one, turns from close to off stump. Just lets it spin and hit his pad on the back foot. Was turning down leg;
78.1;1;Lyon to Rahane, 1 run length ball spinning in towards leg stump, worked away through square leg;
77.6;?;Green to Vihari, no run ooh, another edge fails to carry. No question of soft hands here. Third slip is in place, and Vihari, new to the crease, isn't fully forward to drive this well pitched-up ball in the corridor. Straightens on him, and he goes pretty hard at the drive, but the ball goes low towards third slip and bounces short of the fielder, Labuschagne;
77.5;?;Green to Vihari, no run back of a length in the corridor, excellent carry through to Paine after Vihari leaves, careful that he gets his bat and gloves up above his head and away from the ball's path;
77.4;?;Green to Vihari, no run a little fuller, a little wider, left alone;
77.3;?;Green to Vihari, no run beauty. Draws Vihari forward with the length in the corridor, and gets it to straighten past the outside edge of his defensive bat;
77.2;?;Green to Vihari, no run length ball nipping in towards off stump, blocked back to the bowler;
77.1;?;Green to Vihari, no run bouncer to start, outside off, easily evaded;
76.6;W;Lyon to Rahane, OUT full, flighted ball on off stump, and a mix-up ends this promising stand. Yikes. Rahane gets forward to play the checked drive, well within range of the fielder at mid-off, who's hurtling forward at speed. Rahane takes a couple of steps out, Kohli responds, then Rahane sends him back, by which time he's already halfway down the pitch and in no position to get back. What a moment, ends a brilliantly controlled knock from Kohli, and brings the new batsman in with the second new ball looming;Virat Kohli run out (Hazlewood/Lyon) 74 (244m 180b 8x4 0x6) SR: 41.11;;
76.5;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run tossed up on leg stump, gets nicely forward to work it along the floor to deep midwicket;
76.4;1;Lyon to Rahane, 1 run nice judgment of length. Spinning in towards off stump, goes right back to tuck it to the left of backward square leg;
76.3;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run tossed up on off stump, and this time he gets to the pitch of it with his front-foot stretch. Clipped down to long-on;
76.2;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run nicely flighted, pitches on off and spins into leg stump. Gets forward and clips watchfully behind square;
76.1;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run flat length ball spinning towards leg stump, goes back and works it to backward square leg;
75.6;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run shortish outside off, left alone;
75.5;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run length ball on off stump, defended into the covers;
75.4;6;Cummins to Rahane, SIX runs tests him with the short ball, and that's not fully controlled, but Rahane manages to put it in the gap to the left of long leg. Difficult ball, rising over his back shoulder, but he sees it early and is into the hook quickly. Meets it in front of his body, but can't control the height of it. Carries all the way over the rope, so he won't mind. Wasn't off the edge - met it with his bat pointing up;
75.3;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run length ball on off stump, defended to point;
75.2;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run back of a length, angling in towards off stump. Rahane lets it come right up under his eye, defends down by his feet with soft hands;
75.1;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run length ball on off stump, stays back and lets it come on, pushes into the covers looking for one. The bowler moves quickly to the ball to cut off the single;
75.1;1w;Cummins to Rahane, 1 wide bouncer, rising steeply over off stump. Rahane sways his upper body away from the line, dropping his head into the leg side. Leaves the bat pointing up, though it's well away from the ball's path;
74.6;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run flatter, back of a length outside off, goes back and across to defend with the turn into the on side;
74.5;1;Lyon to Rahane, 1 run down the track to this flighted ball on a middle-and-leg line, clipped down to long-on;
74.4;?;Lyon to Rahane, no run back of a length, spins in from outside off, goes back to whip to midwicket;
74.3;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run flat length ball spinning into middle and leg, goes deep in his crease to work it into the backward square leg region;
74.2;4;Lyon to Kohli, FOUR runs tossed up outside off, and it lands a touch too full. Stroked away with ease, to the left of short extra-cover;
74.1;1;Lyon to Rahane, 1 run drops short, spinning towards the thigh pad, pulled to the right of deep midwicket;
73.6;?;Cummins to Kohli, no run length ball on off stump, defended to short cover;
73.5;1;Cummins to Rahane, 1 run length ball, angling into the stumps, clipped through forward square leg;
73.4;4;Cummins to Rahane, FOUR runs edged again, and it runs away between second slip and gully. A touch shorter, similar sort of behaviour, straightens in the corridor. Stuck on the crease, and he pokes at it with an open face;
73.3;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run ooh, edge doesn't carry. It's happened a few times today. Combination of soft hands from Rahane and the slowness of the pitch. There's bounce, but not a whole lot of pace. On the fuller side of a length, and Rahane is half-fotward in defence. The line forces him to play, and it straightens to take the edge, but it falls well short of second slip;
73.2;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run fullish, fifth-stump line, left alone;
73.1;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run back of a length, close to off stump, stabbed to cover point;
72.6;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run good length and turning into leg stump, defended off the back foot;
72.5;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run full on leg stump, flicked to midwicket;
72.4;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run good length at middle stump, reaches out and flicks to midwicket's right;
72.3;1;Lyon to Rahane, 1 run short of a length, turning into off stump. Chopped past point;
72.2;2;Lyon to Rahane, 2 runs overpitched wide outside off, reaches out and chops down on it to get it through the covers;
72.1;?;Lyon to Rahane, no run good length outside off, blocked on the front foot;
71.6;?;Cummins to Kohli, no run good length at off stump, solidly defended from the crease;
71.5;3;Cummins to Rahane, 3 runs thick outside edge past gully's outstretched left hand. Soft hands as he gets forward to defend this length ball outside off. It straightens on him, but it's straight into the turf;
71.4;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run short of a length at off stump, defended off the back foot;
71.3;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run good length and wide outside off, left alone;
71.2;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run full and wide outside off, left alone;
71.1;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run good length at off stump, defended off the back foot;
71.1;1nb;Cummins to Rahane, (no ball) short of a length at off stump, defended off the back foot;
71.1;2nb;Cummins to Kohli, (no ball) 1 run 131kph, good length and into the pads. Clipped to midwicket;
70.6;1;Lyon to Rahane, 1 run short and turning into off, makes room and cuts behind point. Addendum: A short run was called, the batsmen ran two;
70.5;2b;Lyon to Rahane, 2 byes cuts through the batsman and keeper. That bounce is back. He has changed ends. Short of a length and rising over middle stump as Rahane shapes to back away and cut this;
70.4;?;Lyon to Rahane, no run good length and turning into off stump, defended from deep in the crease;
70.3;?;Lyon to Rahane, no run good length and dipping outside off, reaches out and flicks to midwicket;
70.2;?;Lyon to Rahane, no run short of a length and pushed through quicker in the corridor, left alone;
70.1;?;Lyon to Rahane, no run short of a length and turning into his hips. Pushed to backward square off the back foot;
69.6;?;Hazlewood to Kohli, no run good length and wide outside off, left alone;
69.5;?;Hazlewood to Kohli, no run good length and wide outside off, left alone;
69.4;?;Hazlewood to Kohli, no run good length at off stump, shuffles and flicks to midwicket;
69.3;?;Hazlewood to Kohli, no run 132kph, short of a length in the corridor, left alone;
69.2;?;Hazlewood to Kohli, no run good length and outside off, left alone;
69.1;?;Hazlewood to Kohli, no run full and just outside off, shuffles and stabs to mid-on;
68.6;?;Starc to Rahane, no run beaten again. 145kph and climbing as it slides across the corridor from a length. Rahane on the back foot again, swishing at it;
68.5;?;Starc to Rahane, no run beaten on the cut. 143kph, short and rising outside off. Got caught under this;
68.4;?;Starc to Rahane, no run full and very wide outside off, 142kph. Left alone;
68.3;2;Starc to Rahane, 2 runs good length and just outside off, shuffles and carves this through cover on the up;
68.2;?;Starc to Rahane, no run 143kph, good length and just outside off. Defended on the back foot;
68.1;?;Starc to Rahane, no run good length and pushed across the corridor, left alone;
67.6;?;Hazlewood to Kohli, no run short of a length outside off, left alone;
67.5;4;Hazlewood to Kohli, FOUR runs carted over the leg umpire. Short and about stomach height this time. Swivels and puts this away with authority;
67.4;?;Hazlewood to Kohli, no run oh beauty! Looks like a slow away-floater. Yes it is. Knuckle delivery. Good length and swerving away from the corridor as Kohli comes forward. Past the edge and dies on Paine;
67.3;?;Hazlewood to Kohli, no run good length and just outside off, defended to point on the front foot;
67.2;?;Hazlewood to Kohli, no run 136kph, short of a length, wobbling again outside off. Left alone;
67.1;?;Hazlewood to Kohli, no run good length and wide outside off, left alone;
66.6;1;Starc to Kohli, 1 run good length at middle stump, shuffles and tucks it to deep square off the back foot;
66.5;?;Starc to Kohli, no run good length, 144kph, wide outside off. Left alone;
66.4;?;Starc to Kohli, no run good length at off stump, inside edge onto pad as he looks to push this into the covers;
66.3;?;Starc to Kohli, no run;
66.2;4;Starc to Kohli, FOUR runs nails the pull shot. Short at middle stump, sitting up nicely. He waits on that a tad, and then, swat. Quickly into the boundary;
66.1;2;Starc to Kohli, 2 runs good length at leg stump, shuffles and clips it fine;
65.6;1;Hazlewood to Kohli, 1 run direct hit at the striker's end. Length and into the body, he pats it into the leg side. Midwicket slides with an under-arm flick as Rahane stretches and dives. Just makes it;
65.5;?;Hazlewood to Kohli, no run appeal for lbw as Kohli gets forward to defend. This full ball dips in late and it's a bat-pad call. No review;
65.4;?;Hazlewood to Kohli, no run good length and into off stump, defended off the back foot;
65.3;?;Hazlewood to Kohli, no run 136kph, good length and swerving into the corridor. Soldily defended on the front foot;
65.2;?;Hazlewood to Kohli, no run good length and just outside off, punched on the rise to extra cover;
65.1;?;Hazlewood to Kohli, no run 135kph, good length outside off and a lot of wobble as Rahane lets this go;
64.6;1;Starc to Kohli, 1 run short ad just outside off, dropped into the off side with soft hands;
64.5;?;Starc to Kohli, no run short of a length just outside off, defended off the back foot;
64.4;?;Starc to Kohli, no run short of a length at off stump, defended off the back foot;
64.3;?;Starc to Kohli, no run 146kph, good length and just outside off. Blocked on the front foot;
64.2;3;Starc to Rahane, 3 runs sweet timing on this. Good length ball just outside off, gets his weight onto the back foot and caresses this through vacant cover. Lyon chases from point and puts in a slide to get this back into play. It's hit his body on first impact and dribbled away as he makes contact with the padding;
64.1;?;Starc to Rahane, no run 141kph, short of a length and in the corridor. Punched to point off the back foot;
63.6;?;Hazlewood to Kohli, no run full and just outside off, defended on the front foot;
63.5;?;Hazlewood to Kohli, no run full and at middle stump. Flicked to midwicket;
63.4;?;Hazlewood to Kohli, no run 134kph, short and slanted in at middle. Sways to let it go;
63.3;?;Hazlewood to Kohli, no run good length, 134.5 kph in the corridor. Blocked on the front foot;
63.2;?;Hazlewood to Kohli, no run good length and a hint of curve into the corridor. Left alone;
63.1;?;Hazlewood to Kohli, no run short of a length in the corridor, left alone;
62.6;?;Starc to Rahane, no run good length in the corridor, left alone;
62.5;1lb;Starc to Kohli, 1 leg bye 145kph, short of a length at leg stump. Leaps for the glance, cops it on the thigh guard;
62.4;1;Starc to Rahane, 1 run good length at off stump, dropped into the vacant point region for another single;
62.3;1;Starc to Kohli, 1 run good length and just outside off, gets forward and stabs to deep point;
62.2;?;Starc to Kohli, no run short and climbing past the corridor, left alone;
62.1;?;Starc to Kohli, no run short of a length at off stump, defended off the back foot;

Starc is back, over the wicket with two slips and a gully
 Innings Start
Cain: "With Tim playing so well, that was a totally unnecessary shot from Josh. could have easily added another 20-30 runs with some sensible batting." Thanos: "Imagine being Shaw here. Pressure already for first inning failure and dropping sitter. Now to bat in this tough time of day." Craig: "Look this innings is a case in point: Paine is batting with the tail. 70 not out is a miracle. Since he's been back in the team the batting has been either brittle, or his input not needed with those above him making double centuries. So for him to be doing what he is doing should be celebrated."
9:26pm That's 80 runs added by the last three wickets in their captain's company. Tim Paine has played a blinder here, considering how all other batsmen have done in this Test. No one near his scoring pace in this game. India's otherwise stellar bowling day is somewhat dampened at this point - but 53 is still a very good lead to have. They have about 25 minutes to get through tonight.
72.1;W;Yadav to Hazlewood, OUT taken at slip. A sharp take too, from Pujara at first slip. Short ball at middle and leg. He backs away and looks to steer that over the cordon. He's done alright with the technique, but needs a couple of more inches on that to clear the leaping fielder. Nice hang time from Pujara as he gets to hands on that;Josh Hazlewood c Pujara b Yadav 8 (21m 10b 2x4 0x6) SR: 80;;
71.6;4;Bumrah to Paine, FOUR runs top edge runs away fine. Short ball wide outside off. Looks to hook towards deep square with the face closed, ends up with three bonus runs. That's eight off the over;
71.5;?;Bumrah to Paine, no run good length at off stump, looks to drop that off side to pinch the run, but times it too well. Point is on it quickly;
71.4;?;Bumrah to Paine, no run good length and into middle stump, pushed to mid-on with the angle;
71.3;?;Bumrah to Paine, no run good length and in at off stump. Defends to cover;
71.2;2;Bumrah to Paine, 2 runs good length and just outside off, waits on this one too and pats it expertly to sweeper's right for another easy two;
71.1;2;Bumrah to Paine, 2 runs full and into leg stump, allows that on and flicks to deep square's left elegantly. Easy two there;
70.6;1;Ashwin to Paine, 1 run shortish, a bit of width, chopped to the right of backward point to keep the strike;
70.5;?;Ashwin to Paine, no run tossed up on off stump, driven firmly to mid-off;
70.4;?;Ashwin to Paine, no run flat legbreak, zips past the outside edge just outside off as Paine looks to make room and cut;
70.3;?;Ashwin to Paine, no run shortish, but it sticks in the pitch as he looks to make room again. Flat-batted down to mid-off;
70.2;?;Ashwin to Paine, no run flat offbreak spinning in towards leg stump. Cramped for room as he looks to create some. Punched to short extra-cover;
70.1;4;Ashwin to Paine, FOUR runs shot. Tossed up outside off, and Paine knows most of the fielders are on the leg side. No one behind square on the off side, and he reverse-sweeps firmly into that wide open area;
69.6;?;Bumrah to Hazlewood, no run short, angling in and climbing over middle stump. Stays leg-side of the ball and uses his height to get on top of the bounce and defend into the covers;
69.5;1;Bumrah to Paine, 1 run short on off stump, gets up to chest height, pulled to deep square leg;
69.4;?;Bumrah to Paine, no run length ball on off stump, defended to midwicket;
69.3;?;Bumrah to Paine, no run shortish, angling into off stump with some extra bounce. Jumps up to ride the bounce and keep it down into the leg side with a turn of the wrists;
69.2;?;Bumrah to Paine, no run full on off stump, defended to mid-off;
69.1;?;Bumrah to Paine, no run length ball close to off stump, defended into the covers;
68.6;?;Ashwin to Hazlewood, no run fuller and into leg stump. Neatly blocked on the front foot;
68.5;?;Ashwin to Hazlewood, no run good length at middle stump, blocked on the front foot;
68.4;4;Ashwin to Hazlewood, FOUR runs chipped over mid-on! Beautiful couple of boundaries here from Hazlewood. Picked his spots and executed perfectly. This is a length ball slanted into middle and leg. Perhaps a bit flatter. He uses his reach and the angle to loft this with a full face offered;
68.3;?;Ashwin to Hazlewood, no run full at leg stump, blocked on the front foot;
68.2;4;Ashwin to Hazlewood, FOUR runs drilled past the non-striker. Tossed up at leg stump, clears the front leg and swings cleanly. All along the ground;
68.1;1;Ashwin to Paine, 1 run short of a length at off, backs away and cuts to sweeper's left. Thought he had a second there but Shami puts in a good throw to stop them coming back;
67.6;?;Shami to Hazlewood, no run bouncer at middle stump, backs away and lets it go;
67.5;?;Shami to Hazlewood, no run good length and into the stumps, blocked on the front foot;
67.4;1;Shami to Paine, 1 run good length and angled into off stump from wide of the crease. Pushes it past the bowler off the front foot and takes the run;
67.3;?;Shami to Paine, no run good length on off stump, blocked on the front foot;
67.2;?;Shami to Paine, no run good length at middle stump, defended off the inside part through square leg. Refuses the run again;
67.1;?;Shami to Paine, no run refuses the single. Good length outside off, a handsome punch out to deep point;
66.6;?;Ashwin to Hazlewood, no run full on middle stump, tapped into the leg side with the angle;
66.5;W;Ashwin to Lyon, OUT chipped straight to short midwicket. It is a slow pitch, and that's on display here. Short of a length, cross-seam offbreak into the hips. He wants to turn that behind square off the back foot but closes the face early. Kohli holds on, smiles wide and breaths a sigh of relief;Nathan Lyon c Kohli b Ashwin 10 (30m 21b 1x4 0x6) SR: 47.61;;
66.4;1;Ashwin to Paine, 1 run length at middle stump, flicked to midwicket;
66.3;?;Ashwin to Paine, no run full on off stump, pushed back to the bowler;
66.2;1;Ashwin to Lyon, 1 run good length and climbing outside off, gets down and sweeps to short fine's left;
66.1;?;Ashwin to Lyon, no run evades Saha who is diving in the direction of short leg. Short leg was taking evasive action against Lyon's sweep and couldn't quite reach out to his right. That came off the glove, a riser from outside off;
65.6;1;Shami to Lyon, 1 run overpitched on the pads, a crisp flick along the ground to deep square;
65.5;?;Shami to Lyon, no run good length at off stump, defended on the back foot;
65.4;?;Shami to Lyon, no run past the outside edge. Short of a length and straightening as he closes the face for the one that slants in;
65.3;?;Shami to Lyon, no run good length on off, defended solidly on the back foot;
65.2;4;Shami to Lyon, FOUR runs oh you beauty! Top-drawer pull shot through midwicket from Lyon. Short of a length and just outside off. Not a ball you generally hit of the back foot. But he's deep and he swivels to get the weight through this, bat pointed downwards and a slap into the turf;
65.1;?;Shami to Lyon, no run good length at off stump, defended on the back foot;
64.6;?;Ashwin to Paine, no run good length ad pushed through at leg stump, stabbed to midwicket off the front foot;
64.5;1;Ashwin to Lyon, 1 run good length on off stump, leans in and flicks to deep backward square;
64.4;?;Ashwin to Lyon, no run big appeal for lbw as Lyon sweeps. Ashwin is convinced that's out. Convinces Kohli to review. It does look close. A quicker one at a good length. Lyon shuffled into the off side as he attempted the shot. The ball did turn though, and might well have hit him in line with the stumps. On the front foot. But - there is a hot spot on the bat. Inside half of the bat. He's safe;
64.3;2;Ashwin to Lyon, 2 runs good length and rising onto the hip. Gets deep in the crease and gets the glance past leg slip;
64.2;?;Ashwin to Lyon, no run good length and turning into off stump, blocked on the front foot;
64.1;1;Ashwin to Paine, 1 run short of a length and turning into the hips, gets deep in the crease and jabs that to deep backwars square;
63.6;1;Shami to Paine, 1 run Paine steps out of his crease, and Shami, seeing this, shortens his length. Offers him width too, though, and he uses that to steer it to deep point to stay on strike;
63.5;?;Shami to Paine, no run ooh, beats him again. Fullish, and it nips away like a legcutter to beat the attempted drive through mid-off;
63.4;4;Shami to Paine, FOUR runs shortish outside off, and Paine has a big slash at it. Flies away over the gap between slip and gully;
63.3;?;Shami to Paine, no run length ball pitching outside off, angling in. Looks to shuffle across and work it leg side, misses and is hit on the pad, outside the line;
63.2;?;Shami to Paine, no run and now he beats the edge. Length ball, angling into the fourth-stump channel and straightening away. Beaten as he comes forward to defend;
63.1;4;Shami to Paine, FOUR runs short, a bit of width, and Paine brings up his half-century with a square cut past the left hand of the diving backward point fielder. What a valuable innings this is;
62.6;?;Ashwin to Lyon, no run big appeal for lbw, and it's given. That's his fourth, if this review goes the umpire's way... Nope. Thick inside edge. Tossed up, inviting him forward, and it dips to make him stretch and draw his bat in front of his body to defend. The umpire thought it had spun past the edge to hit pad, but it's taken a thick deflection along the way;
62.5;?;Ashwin to Lyon, no run flighted ball pitching just outside off. Stretches forward to block it back to the bowler;
62.4;?;Ashwin to Lyon, no run appeal for lbw as Lyon misses the sweep. Impact was outside off, I think;
62.3;?;Ashwin to Lyon, no run flat length ball that skids straight on towards off stump. Goes back and punches it back to Ashwin;
62.2;1;Ashwin to Paine, 1 run tossed up outside off, driven to the left of mid-off;
62.1;?;Ashwin to Paine, no run length ball spinning into off stump, stays back to punch towards mid-on;
61.6;?;Shami to Lyon, no run great fielding. Length ball, looks to flick it off the stumps, and it's flying quickly to leg gully's right. Excellent diving stop. Was that Pujara? Not sure;
61.5;?;Shami to Lyon, no run short in the corridor, leaves it alone, pulling his bat and gloves away from the line;
61.4;1;Shami to Paine, 1 run length ball on middle stump, clipped through square leg;
61.3;?;Shami to Paine, no run back of a length on middle and leg, clipped watchfully to midwicket;
61.2;2;Shami to Paine, 2 runs length ball on off stump, gets forward, lets it come on, and nudges it through square leg;
61.1;?;Shami to Paine, no run back of a length close to off stump. A bit of inward movement, and the attempted punch through the covers ends up at midwicket, off the inside edge;
60.6;3;Ashwin to Paine, 3 runs slower now, length ball pitching just outside off, gets forward and across to lap it fine, sending Shaw into a big chase from backward square leg;
60.5;?;Ashwin to Paine, no run quicker, spinning in towards middle stump. Stays back and hurries into a leg-side clip;
60.4;?;Ashwin to Paine, no run just short of a length, spinning in towards off stump, goes back and defends into the on side;
60.3;1;Ashwin to Lyon, 1 run flatter, spins in towards off stump, punched into the covers;
60.2;?;Ashwin to Lyon, no run tossed up slow outside off, and Lyon presses forward to block it back to his offspin counterpart;
60.1;W;Ashwin to Starc, 1 run, OUT full on leg stump, clipped to the right of deep backward square leg, and they chance a second run, only to produce a loud run-out appeal... It goes up to the third umpire, and Starc is gone by about a foot at the striker's end. Not sure who it was at the deep - excellent flat throw on the bounce to Saha. It's Shaw, I think.;Mitchell Starc run out (Shaw/?Saha) 15 (30m 16b 1x4 0x6) SR: 93.75;;
59.6;?;Yadav to Paine, no run shortish in the corridor, lets it come on and dabs to backward point;
59.5;?;Yadav to Paine, no run full on middle and leg, clipped to midwicket;
59.4;?;Yadav to Paine, no run beauty. Length ball in the corridor, straightens off the pitch and past the edge as Paine presses forward and jabs at it, slightly away from his body;
59.3;?;Yadav to Paine, no run full on off stump, clipped to midwicket;
59.2;?;Yadav to Paine, no run length ball on middle stump, clipped to midwicket;
59.1;2;Yadav to Paine, 2 runs angling down leg now, tucked off the hip towards long leg;
58.6;2;Bumrah to Starc, 2 runs follows up with the bouncer at the back shoulder, and he produces the top-edged hook, and another chance, and this time, it's Saha who puts it down, but this is an incredibly difficult one. He has to turn around and run towards the boundary, and track the ball as it drops down from a great height. Ends up a couple of feet to the right of the ball as it falls, and then he sticks out a glove and it doesn't stick;
58.5;?;Bumrah to Starc, no run ooh, through him. Yorker, sneaks under the bat as Starc jams down on it, and how did that miss off stump?;
58.4;1;Bumrah to Paine, 1 run length ball on the pads, clipped down to long leg;
58.3;?;Bumrah to Paine, no run back of a length on middle stump, clipped to the straighter of the two midwickets;
58.2;?;Bumrah to Paine, no run length ball on middle stump, defended back towards the bowler;
58.1;1;Bumrah to Starc, 1 run back of a length, angling into off stump, clipped to deep square leg;
57.6;1;Yadav to Starc, 1 run short again, over off stump, controls the pull well, out to the man at deep square leg;
57.5;?;Yadav to Starc, no run Starc continues looking awkward against the short ball. Digs it in short, and he's through his pull too early. Smacks him on the left shoulder;
57.4;1;Yadav to Paine, 1 run back of a length close to off stump, chopped to deep point;
57.3;3;Yadav to Starc, 3 runs ooh, could have gone anywhere. Back of a length, climbs awkwardly as Starc gets squared up in defence, by the angle across him. Hits the shoulder of his bat and pops up into the gap between gully and backward point;
57.2;?;Yadav to Starc, no run length ball on off stump, defended into the covers;
57.1;1;Yadav to Paine, 1 run back of a length close to off stump, lets it come on and dabs gently into the cover point region;
56.6;1;Bumrah to Paine, 1 run back of a length, strays a little too straight, tucked off the hip to long leg;
56.5;2;Bumrah to Paine, 2 runs back of a length on off stump, steps across and works it through backward square leg;
56.4;1;Bumrah to Starc, 1 run length ball on off stump, stays leg-side of the ball and clips towards mid-on;
56.3;?;Bumrah to Starc, no run back of a length on off stump, punched to extra-cover;
56.2;1;Bumrah to Paine, 1 run length ball on off stump, presses forward and steers to deep point with an open face;
56.1;?;Bumrah to Paine, no run length ball close to off stump, gets forward to block it back towards Bumrah;
55.6;2;Yadav to Starc, 2 runs short ball, only gets up to waist height on off stump, pulled along the ground to deep square leg;
55.5;?;Yadav to Starc, no run awkward bounce. Slanting across to off stump, back of a length. Looks to work it leg side, and ends up playing it into the off side off the shoulder of the bat;
55.4;?;Yadav to Starc, no run length ball on off stump, stays back and punches to short extra-cover;
55.3;?;Yadav to Starc, no run now the bouncer, gets it high near the throat, and Starc fends at it and gloves it, to the right of short leg;
55.2;4;Yadav to Starc, FOUR runs short now, but sits up a little outside off. Just around waist high, in fact, and Starc muscles it away over wide mid-on;
55.1;?;Yadav to Starc, no run good ball. He's expecting the bouncer, and Umesh gives him the back-of-a-length ball slanting across. Doesn't get behind the line, just pokes and misses;
54.6;?;Bumrah to Paine, no run back of a length on off stump, defended with soft hands;
54.5;4;Bumrah to Paine, FOUR runs bouncer, Paine hooks, aaaaaaaand its.... dropped at the square leg boundary by Mayank Agarwal. Not a new idea for bowlers to bounce Paine, he takes it on, meeting it just outside off stump, and he hits it flat but in the air to Agarwal's right. He seems to have it under control with the reverse-cup, and then it just plops out;
54.4;?;Bumrah to Paine, no run length ball on middle stump, gets forward to clip to midwicket;
54.3;?;Bumrah to Paine, no run back of a length on off stump, defended into the point region;
54.2;?;Bumrah to Paine, no run looks to go full and at the pads, I think, and ends up sliding a long way down leg;
54.1;?;Bumrah to Paine, no run back of a length on off stump, Paine blocks it back to Bumrah;
53.6;W;Yadav to Cummins, OUT got him, Umesh is on fire here! Short ball, climbs awkwardly at Cummins, and as he tries to fend it away it hits the shoulder of his bat and pops up to gully. Cummins jabbed at it well in front of his body, bottom hand off the handle;Pat Cummins c Rahane b Yadav 0 (3m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
53.5;?;Yadav to Cummins, no run bouncer now, climbs high over off stump. Crouches hurriedly to evade it;
53.4;?;Yadav to Cummins, no run length ball on off stump, Cummins blocks it back to Umesh;
53.3;W;Yadav to Labuschagne, OUT big appeal for lbw as Umesh gets one to keep low, and it's given. I don't think there's much doubt in it, unless it's sliding down leg. Labuschagne thinks long and hard before reviewing, and then he does. Back of a length, and Labuschagne is up on his toes but the ball stays down at knee height and skims below his bat to hit his pad, on the knee roll. No bat. Okay, that's plumb. Struck in front of off stump, and from there it's not going to miss the stumps. Hitting middle and off, says ball-tracking.;Marnus Labuschagne lbw b Yadav 47 (170m 119b 7x4 0x6) SR: 39.49;;
53.2;?;Yadav to Labuschagne, no run back of a length on middle stump, gets on his toes and plays it down to midwicket;
53.1;?;Yadav to Labuschagne, no run length ball on middle and off, clipped to square leg;
52.6;?;Bumrah to Paine, no run length ball angling into off stump, defended to short extra-cover;
52.5;?;Bumrah to Paine, no run bouncer climbing steeply in the corridor outside off, squats down low and ignores it;
52.4;?;Bumrah to Paine, no run back of a length, angling into leg stump. Clipped towards backward square leg;
52.3;4;Bumrah to Paine, FOUR runs superb shot. Back of a length, only a hint of room, and he stands tall and punches with a straight bat between backward point and cover point;
52.2;?;Bumrah to Paine, no run length ball on off stump, blocked back to the bowler;
52.1;4;Bumrah to Paine, FOUR runs as the current India coach would say, slashes and shashes hard. Just a touch short outside off, goes hard at it, and though there's extra bounce, he ensures the edge flies over the cordon, over the gap between second slip and gully to be precise;
51.6;?;Yadav to Labuschagne, no run back of a length close to off stump, punched to cover point;
51.5;?;Yadav to Labuschagne, no run length ball angling into off and middle, gets across to clip to square leg;
51.4;?;Yadav to Labuschagne, no run back of a length on off stump, defended towards mid-on;
51.3;?;Yadav to Labuschagne, no run length ball outside off, left alone;
51.2;1;Yadav to Paine, 1 run fullish, angling into middle stump, clipped to the right of mid-on;
51.1;4;Yadav to Paine, FOUR runs back of a length outside off stump, punched crisply off the back foot, past the right hand of the diving backward point fielder;
50.6;?;Bumrah to Labuschagne, no run good leave. Tight line close to off stump, and it's angling sharply in as Bumrah deliveries usually do, but he leaves on length, trusting the bounce from this surface;
50.5;?;Bumrah to Labuschagne, no run back of a length on off stump, defended into the off side;
50.4;1;Bumrah to Paine, 1 run length ball on off stump, gets forward for the push into the gap between point and short cover;
50.3;?;Bumrah to Paine, no run bouncer just outside off stump, ignores it, swaying his upper body away from the line;
50.2;?;Bumrah to Paine, no run back of a length on off stump, lets it come and defends into the cover point region;
50.1;?;Bumrah to Paine, no run length ball straightening towards off stump, defended back to the bowler;
49.6;?;Yadav to Labuschagne, no run full outside off, gets forward to block to short cover;
49.5;?;Yadav to Labuschagne, no run back of a length close to off stump, punched into the point region;
49.4;1lb;Yadav to Paine, 1 leg bye onto the pads,, clipped into the backward square leg region;
49.3;?;Yadav to Paine, no run length ball, seems to veer in slightly as Paine looks to flick, hits the outside of his pad. Was going down leg;
49.2;?;Yadav to Paine, no run length ball just outside off, gets forward to jab to point;
49.1;2;Yadav to Paine, 2 runs full on middle and leg, clipped to the left of deep square leg;
48.6;1;Ashwin to Paine, 1 run legbreak, doesn't turn too much after pitching on leg stump. Clipped to backward square leg;
48.5;1;Ashwin to Labuschagne, 1 run sees him step out and loops one into his toes. Clipped through square leg;
48.4;?;Ashwin to Labuschagne, no run back of a length, goes with the angle just outside off. Goes back for a quiet punch to point;
48.3;?;Ashwin to Labuschagne, no run quicker now, line closer to the stumps, clipped to midwicket;
48.2;?;Ashwin to Labuschagne, no run not the first time Labuschagne has reached out to try and drive Ashwin against the turn. Plays it with a turn of the wrists to mid-off;
48.1;?;Ashwin to Labuschagne, no run flat length ball spinning in towards middle and leg, goes back to clip to midwicket;
47.6;?;Bumrah to Paine, no run short and down leg side, left alone;
47.5;4;Bumrah to Paine, FOUR runs full toss just outside off, holds his shape and gently pats it between bowler and mid-off. Teases Agarwal as he gives chase but makes the boundary before he can put a slide in;
47.4;?;Bumrah to Paine, no run good length on middle stump, defended solidly off the back foot;
47.3;1;Bumrah to Labuschagne, 1 run short at middle stump, swivels and pulls into the turf, out to fine leg;
47.2;1;Bumrah to Paine, 1 run good length and into the corridor. Jabs it to cover's left to steal the run;
47.1;?;Bumrah to Paine, no run good length and just outside off, defended off the back foot;
46.6;?;Ashwin to Labuschagne, no run good length on leg stump, nudged to square leg off the back foot;
46.5;?;Ashwin to Labuschagne, no run good length on leg stump, turning down. Follows with his hands and it trickles to leg slip;
46.4;?;Ashwin to Labuschagne, no run good length on off stump, turning into middle. Gets deep in the crease to defend;
46.3;?;Ashwin to Labuschagne, no run good length at off stump, defended off the back foot;
46.2;?;Ashwin to Labuschagne, no run good length and on leg stump, allows that to hit his thigh;
46.1;2;Ashwin to Labuschagne, 2 runs overpitched and drifting away outside off. Gets to the pitch and drives along the floor to mid-off's left;
45.6;?;Shami to Paine, no run good length on middle stump, defended to mid-on;
45.5;?;Shami to Paine, no run short of a length on off stump, defended off the back foot;
45.4;?;Shami to Paine, no run good length outside off, left alone;
45.3;?;Shami to Paine, no run sharp bouncer in the corridor, Paine drops the arms and lets that go;
45.2;?;Shami to Paine, no run good length on off stump, defended off the back foot;
45.1;?;Shami to Paine, no run good length on off stump, 139.4kph. Jumps up at the batsman a touch as he defends off the outside half;
44.6;?;Ashwin to Labuschagne, no run length and dipping on leg stump, defended with the turn to short leg;
44.5;?;Ashwin to Labuschagne, no run good length and straight on outside off, defended into the covers. Nice dip on that one;
44.4;?;Ashwin to Labuschagne, no run short of a length on leg stump, defended off the back foot;
44.3;?;Ashwin to Labuschagne, no run length outside off, reaches out and drives along the floor to mid-off;
44.2;?;Ashwin to Labuschagne, no run good length on off, pushed down the pitch;
44.1;?;Ashwin to Labuschagne, no run good length on off, defended down the pitch;
43.6;1;Shami to Labuschagne, 1 run just short of deep square. Short at off stump, pulls slightly off the top part of the bat. Ashwin is in from the boundary but can only get this on the bounce;
43.5;?;Shami to Labuschagne, no run lbw catch behind given and Labuschagne immediately reviews. He is beaten by a peach from Shami. Length ball angled into off and middle, has him scrambling to offer the full face and protect his stumps. But it straightens and takes his back thigh on the way to the keeper. Third umpire has ascertained that there's no edge. It was missing on the lbw;
43.4;?;Shami to Labuschagne, no run good length on off stump, defended off the back foot;
43.3;?;Shami to Labuschagne, no run good length on off stump, defended from deep in the crease;
43.2;?;Shami to Labuschagne, no run good length and into leg stump, hangs the angled out and cops it on the thigh;
43.1;?;Shami to Labuschagne, no run short and in the corridor, sways out of the way;
42.6;?;Ashwin to Paine, no run good length at off stump, punched down the pitch off the back foot;
42.5;?;Ashwin to Paine, no run full on off stump, dead-batted down the pitch;
42.4;4;Ashwin to Paine, FOUR runs short and sitting up outside off, gets deep in the crease and punches it through cover off the back foot;
42.3;?;Ashwin to Paine, no run tentative and another inside edge. This is pushed through quicker, outside off. Gets forward to defend and it's into his pad;
42.2;?;Ashwin to Paine, no run length and turning into leg stump, hurriedly stabbed into the leg side again. Aerial this time. His feet are stuck;
42.1;?;Ashwin to Paine, no run inside edge as Ashwin draws Paine well in front of his body at a middle stump line. Looks to flick firmly at it, comes off the pad and to midwicket's left;
41.6;?;Shami to Labuschagne, no run good length and honing in on off stump, defended into the off side. Shami giving nothing away;
41.5;?;Shami to Labuschagne, no run short of a length on leg stump, tucked square on the leg side off the back foot;
41.4;?;Shami to Labuschagne, no run good length at middle stump, defended to short midwicket off the back foot;
41.3;?;Shami to Labuschagne, no run good length and just outside off, solidly defended on the back foot;
41.2;?;Shami to Labuschagne, no run past the outside edge.;
41.1;?;Shami to Labuschagne, no run big lbw appeal is turned down. Labuschagne deep in the crease at a length ball, inside edge onto back leg as he looks to defend;
40.6;?;Ashwin to Paine, no run good length on leg stump, defended to short leg;
40.5;?;Ashwin to Paine, no run floaty full toss on leg stump, flicked straight to midwicket;
40.4;?;Ashwin to Paine, no run good length and in the corridor, pushed through at 93kph. Patted back down the pitch;
40.3;W;Ashwin to Green, OUT Kohli lunges low to his right and holds on at midwicket! We saw Lyon extracting bounce from this pitch, and Ashwin has done that with this ball too, albeit it's a short one turning into leg stump. It's there for the pull, but pulling in front of square is hard when there's bounce. Green looks to go over midwicket, it hits the high part of his bat and floats out to Kohli's right. He tracks it and times the leap to his right perfectly. These can be hard if you go early. Kohli goes with both hands and completes the landing perfectly before he takes a bow. Not a bad first innings from Green at all, certainly looked comfortable at the crease, but he doesn't do it long enough;Cameron Green c Kohli b Ashwin 11 (23m 24b 1x4 0x6) SR: 45.83;;
40.2;?;Ashwin to Green, no run steps out and is beaten in flight. Pats it back to the bowler;
40.1;?;Ashwin to Green, no run good length and tight on off stump, rising up into his body as he gets forward to defend;
39.6;?;Shami to Labuschagne, no run short of a length on off stump, gets deep in the crease and defends into the leg side;
39.5;?;Shami to Labuschagne, no run full on off stump, defended down the pitch;
39.4;1;Shami to Green, 1 run good length and into off stump, reaches out and opens the face to steer this straight of gully;
39.3;?;Shami to Green, no run good length and slanted into the corridor, left alone;
39.2;?;Shami to Green, no run short and rising outside off, hangs the bat inside the line and lets it go;
39.1;?;Shami to Green, no run bouncer down leg side, sways away from it;
38.6;?;Ashwin to Labuschagne, no run full on middle stump, leans in and flicks to midwicket;
38.5;?;Ashwin to Labuschagne, no run short of a length and turning down leg, left alone;
38.4;1;Ashwin to Green, 1 run length at off stump, pushed into the covers off the back foot;
38.3;4;Ashwin to Green, FOUR runs shot! Exhibition of good footwork here from the debutant. Down the pitch last ball, deep in the crease this time. Ashwin strays marginally wide, it's short of a length, and he chops this to point;
38.2;?;Ashwin to Green, no run oh beauty. Ashwin's nailing the flight. This one loops as Green steps out and forces him to defend;
38.1;2;Ashwin to Green, 2 runs good length and sliding on outside off, gets forward and gets that past slip off the thick outside edge;
37.6;1;Bumrah to Green, 1 run back of a length on off stump, jabbed into the gap between short cover and backward point;
37.5;?;Bumrah to Green, no run length ball wide of off stump, left alone;
37.4;1;Bumrah to Labuschagne, 1 run back of a length on off stump, steps across and works it wristily to fine leg, fine of the man at leg gully;
37.3;?;Bumrah to Labuschagne, no run full-toss on off stump, looking for the yorker maybe. Punched to mid-on;
37.2;?;Bumrah to Labuschagne, no run fullish, angling into off stump, defended into the covers;
37.1;?;Bumrah to Labuschagne, no run back of a length in the corridor, left alone;
36.6;1;Ashwin to Labuschagne, 1 run interesting shot. That's pitched very full, within the stumps, and he gets his front leg out of the way and plays an open-hip sweep to deep square leg;
36.5;1;Ashwin to Green, 1 run tossed up fuller outside off, stretches out to clip into the on side, to the right of midwicket;
36.4;?;Ashwin to Green, no run again, plays well in front of his body while defending off the front foot as this dips and spins in from outside off;
36.3;?;Ashwin to Green, no run ooh, Ashwin will like that. Tosses it up high outside off, and Green pushes out in front of his body to defend it back to the bowler. Uses his reach rather than a big stride, but leaves a gap;
36.2;?;Ashwin to Green, no run looped up outside off, and Green steps out to jab it firmly back to the bowler;
36.1;1;Ashwin to Labuschagne, 1 run tossed up on middle stump, clipped wide of mid-on;
35.6;?;Bumrah to Green, no run back of a length, slants this a bit closer to off stump, and Green leaves again;
35.5;?;Bumrah to Green, no run length ball, wide-ish line, left alone;
35.4;?;Bumrah to Green, no run back of a length, fifth-stump line, left alone;
35.3;?;Bumrah to Green, no run bouncer climbing not particularly steeply over off stump. Green is 6'7", so he has to do quite a bit of work to duck under it;
35.2;?;Bumrah to Green, no run length ball in the corridor, left alone;
35.1;?;Bumrah to Green, no run fullish, angling into off stump, uses his reach to get a stride in and defend to short cover;
34.6;?;Ashwin to Labuschagne, no run that's the Lyon line and length. Dangled up high outside off. Steps out and blocks it back to the bowler after failing to get to the pitch;
34.5;1;Ashwin to Green, 1 run nervy first ball. Stuck on the crease to an offbreak that hurries into the stumps. Clips it round the corner, just behind square, and gets a single, but it went off the inside half of the bat;
34.4;W;Ashwin to Head, OUT gone, Ashwin has two! This was flighted, on middle and off or thereabouts, and Head doesn't get a proper stride in to drive. Gets his front leg out of the way because he's worried about lbw, and then looks to clip into the on side, but the ball dips, straightens, hits the outside half of the bat, and pops right back to the bowler at chest height. India are all over Australia now.;Travis Head c & b Ashwin 7 (31m 20b 0x4 0x6) SR: 35;;
34.3;?;Ashwin to Head, no run tossed up on middle and leg, gets forward to clip to mid-on;
34.2;?;Ashwin to Head, no run stays back to this length ball on middle and leg, clips to square leg;
34.1;1;Ashwin to Labuschagne, 1 run length ball spinning in towards off stump. Stays a little leg-side of the ball and punches past the bowler, towards mid-on;
33.6;?;Yadav to Head, no run shortish, angling into the corridor outside off. Jumps to ride the bounce and block it back to the bowler;
33.5;?;Yadav to Head, no run bouncer angling in over the stumps, ducks down to get under it;
33.4;?;Yadav to Head, no run length ball angling in towards off stump, defended to short extra-cover;
33.3;2;Yadav to Head, 2 runs full, slanting away from off stump, good stride forward for the checked drive into the covers. Got his head over the ball and made sure he didn't go too hard at it, because it was by no means a half-volley;
33.2;?;Yadav to Head, no run shortish, tucked off the hip to that man at square leg;
33.1;?;Yadav to Head, no run fullish on middle and leg, clipped to square leg;
32.6;?;Ashwin to Labuschagne, no run flat, spins from off to middle-and-leg. Clipped from the crease to midwicket;
32.5;?;Ashwin to Labuschagne, no run flatter, spins towards leg stump, goes back to clip to backward square leg;
32.4;?;Ashwin to Labuschagne, no run a touch short on off stump, chopped to the man at point;
32.3;?;Ashwin to Labuschagne, no run tossed up slow outside off, dips and hits high on the bat after Labuschagne presses forward to defend;
32.2;?;Ashwin to Labuschagne, no run tossed up fuller, gets a stride out to clip to midwicket;
32.1;?;Ashwin to Labuschagne, no run anguished cries from the close-in fielders as the crease-bound Labuschagne is hurried into a flick. Hits the inside half of his bat. Could have been lbw if he'd missed;
31.6;1;Yadav to Labuschagne, 1 run short, rising to chest height over off stump, pulled to deep square leg;
31.5;?;Yadav to Labuschagne, no run length ball close to off stump, straightens a touch. Right behind it to defend back to the bowler;
31.4;?;Yadav to Labuschagne, no run length ball on off stump, blocked back to the bowler;
31.3;?;Yadav to Labuschagne, no run ooh, nearly an edge. Short, wide ball, and Labuschagne fails to connect with the cut. Not the easiest pitch to cut on because the ball doesn't quite come on as quickly as you might expect;
31.2;?;Yadav to Labuschagne, no run back of a length, goes wider of the crease and angles it in. Not too far outside off, but he leaves on length;
31.1;?;Yadav to Labuschagne, no run short outside off, climbs quite steeply so Labuschagne chooses to leave;
30.6;?;Ashwin to Head, no run tossed up a bit wider, driven firmly but straight to short cover;
30.5;2;Ashwin to Head, 2 runs good shot, but he had to make sure he hit that well. Length ball, skidding on with the angle towardss top of off. Makes room and punches into the covers;
30.4;?;Ashwin to Head, no run flatter, angles down leg, clipped to the fielder at backward square leg;
30.3;?;Ashwin to Head, no run flighted and full on off stump, clipped towards mid-on;
30.2;?;Ashwin to Head, no run appeal for lbw, not given. India think about a review... and they almost don't take it before Kohli makes the gesture with two seconds to go. Again that in-drift, and Head has to play around his front pad in defence. Straightens, misses the inside edge, hits front pad. Did it straighten enough to hit the stumps, given the around-the-wicket angle and the drift? Ooh, umpire's call on leg stump!;
30.1;?;Ashwin to Head, no run tossed up, drifts in a little towards off stump. Head seems to get too much of a stride forward, almost yorks himself while defending into the on side;
29.6;?;Yadav to Labuschagne, no run back of a length on off stump, defended into the off side;
29.5;4;Yadav to Labuschagne, FOUR runs full, and again, there seems to be a hint of reverse in towards off stump. A touch too full, and Labuschagne is in the perfect position to simply show the full face and punch it back down the ground, between the stumps and the non-striker;
29.4;?;Yadav to Labuschagne, no run back of a length close to off stump, defended to short cover;
29.3;?;Yadav to Labuschagne, no run back of a length in the corridor, left alone;
29.2;?;Yadav to Labuschagne, no run length ball outside off, Labuschagne leaves with a swatting motion at the end, making sure no one's missing Smith at the crease;
29.1;4;Yadav to Labuschagne, FOUR runs short, sits up at chest height just over off stump. Nice short-arm jab to pick the gap between midwicket and deep square leg;
28.6;1;Ashwin to Labuschagne, 1 run flatter, goes back to an off-stump ball to chop it towards backward point. Ashwin won't mind that shot;
28.5;?;Ashwin to Labuschagne, no run length ball on off stump, defended back to the bowler;
28.4;1;Ashwin to Head, 1 run back of a length spinning away from off, stays back and chops behind square;
28.3;1;Ashwin to Labuschagne, 1 run stays back to a length ball spinning in towards off stump, punches into the cover point region;
28.2;1;Ashwin to Head, 1 run teasing flight on off stump. Gets forward, careful not to get his front pad in the way, and defends, and gets a thickish outside edge that rolls through the gully region;
28.1;?;Ashwin to Head, no run tossed up outside off, driven into the covers;
27.6;?;Yadav to Labuschagne, no run short ball in the corridor, no room to play an attacking shot. Gets up on his toes to defend into the off side;
27.5;1;Yadav to Head, 1 run length ball slanting across to off stump. Is Umesh reversing it ever so slightly away from the left-hander? Not sure. Good stride forward to push square on the off side;
27.4;?;Yadav to Head, no run length ball on middle and off, gets behind it to clip to square leg;
27.3;1;Yadav to Labuschagne, 1 run length ball angling into middle and off, steps across and clips to deep square leg;
27.2;?;Yadav to Labuschagne, no run back of a length outside off, left alone;
27.1;?;Yadav to Labuschagne, no run length ball on off stump, defended into the covers;
26.6;W;Ashwin to Smith, OUT got him, Ashwin has struck with an absolute beauty! He got Smith like this in Dharamsala in 2017, but that was from around the wicket. I don't know if this was meant to go on straight or if it was just natural variation, but he plays back to a length ball just outside off, and it skids through quick, takes the outside edge of his defensive bat, and straight into Ajinkya Rahane's lap at slip. Almost seemed to leave Smith off the pitch, kind of like the Mohammad Nabi arm ball;Steven Smith c Rahane b Ashwin 1 (45m 29b 0x4 0x6) SR: 3.44;;
26.5;?;Ashwin to Smith, no run looped up slow on off stump, defended to mid-on;
26.4;?;Ashwin to Smith, no run tossed up slow outside off, stretches out and defends to mid-on;
26.3;1;Ashwin to Labuschagne, 1 run tossed up now, on middle stump, skips out of his crease and clips through forward square leg;
26.2;?;Ashwin to Labuschagne, no run tossed up on leg stump, clipped to backward square leg, and could Australia have lost their best batsman to a run-out too? Smith hurries out of his crease before being sent back by Labuschagne, and the throw to Ashwin is quick and flat, but the fact that it isn't a direct hit saves Smith as he dives home just in time;
26.1;2;Ashwin to Labuschagne, 2 runs starts with a flat one spinning from off stump, gets across and works it through backward square leg;
25.6;?;Shami to Smith, no run in the blockhole close to off stump, Smith is so deep in his crease that he almost plays this like a half-volley, punching it to short extra-cover;
25.5;?;Shami to Smith, no run length ball, fifth-stump line, left alone;
25.4;1;Shami to Labuschagne, 1 run length ball on off stump, clipped to the left of long leg;
25.3;?;Shami to Labuschagne, no run fullish, wider outside off, looking to see if Labuschagne will drive away from his body. He doesn't;
25.2;?;Shami to Labuschagne, no run length ball close to off stump, defended into the point region;
25.1;?;Shami to Labuschagne, no run bouncer over the right shoulder. Thinks about hooking, then judges it to be bouncing too steeply and leaves instead, swaying his upper body away from the line;
24.6;?;Bumrah to Smith, no run bouncer, climbing steeply over off stump. Crouches down low to get under it;
24.5;?;Bumrah to Smith, no run length ball on off stump, defended to midwicket;
24.4;?;Bumrah to Smith, no run length ball angling into off stump, jumps across and defends to mid-on;
24.3;?;Bumrah to Smith, no run bouncer over off stump, ducks down low to evade it;
24.2;?;Bumrah to Smith, no run now he goes short, and it climbs towards Smith's ribcage. Hops across and plays it down into the leg side with soft hands;
24.1;?;Bumrah to Smith, no run length ball slanting in and straightening towards off stump. Smith jumps across and defends to the left of the bowler;
23.6;?;Shami to Labuschagne, no run bouncer now, over off stump. Keeps his eye on it and ducks his head off-side of the ball to evade it;
23.5;?;Shami to Labuschagne, no run back of a length in the corridor, left alone;
23.4;?;Shami to Labuschagne, no run length ball close to off stump, straightens a touch. Gets back and across and defends into the cover point region;
23.3;?;Shami to Labuschagne, no run back of a length, fairly wide of off, left alone;
23.2;?;Shami to Labuschagne, no run back of a length, skids through low towards off stump. Hops, then squats, to defend it;
23.1;?;Shami to Labuschagne, no run short, rising to shoulder height outside off, pulled hard into the ground, bounces to midwicket;
22.6;?;Bumrah to Smith, no run how many bowlers beat Smith and find his edge the next ball? Similar delivery, just short of a length outside off, and Smith, shuffling across, pushes out in defence and edges it as it straightens off the deck. Falls short of second slip, Kohli, diving across first slip;
22.5;?;Bumrah to Smith, no run beauty. Back of a length, angling into the fifth-stump channel and straightening past the edge of Smith's defensive bat;
22.4;1;Bumrah to Labuschagne, 1 run goes short now, and now it's Prithvi Shaw's turn to drop Labuschagne. Gets up to about chest height just outside off, and maybe it skids on quicker than the batsman expects. Plays a weird, half-hearted, checked pull, and miscues it high over the square leg region, where Shaw, running a short distance backwards and to his left, puts it down;
22.3;?;Bumrah to Labuschagne, no run length ball, a little wider than the previous one, left alone;
22.2;?;Bumrah to Labuschagne, no run back of a length outside off, jabbed to point;
22.1;?;Bumrah to Labuschagne, no run back of a length on off stump, defended to mid-on;
21.6;?;Shami to Smith, no run fuller now, on off stump, defended to mid-on. Excellent line from Shami right through this over;
21.5;?;Shami to Smith, no run back of a length on off stump, right behind it to defend to midwicket;
21.4;?;Shami to Smith, no run back of a length on off stump, gets back and across and tucks it to that man at leg gully;
21.3;?;Shami to Smith, no run length ball, nips in towards off stump. Right behind it to defend to midwicket;
21.2;?;Shami to Smith, no run bouncer outside off, ducks low and ignores it;
21.1;?;Shami to Smith, no run length ball on off stump, jumps back and across, deep in his crease, to defend to midwicket;
20.6;?;Bumrah to Labuschagne, no run length ball, straightens a little close to off stump. Defended nice and close to his body, rolls away square on the off side;
20.5;?;Bumrah to Labuschagne, no run length ball attacking the top of off stump. Hops, then it skids through lower than he expects, and he squats a little as he defends into the on side;
20.4;?;Bumrah to Labuschagne, no run length ball on off stump, defended off the front foot, back down the pitch;
20.3;?;Bumrah to Labuschagne, no run back of a length, a bit of inward movement towards off stump. Labuschagne seems to have all the time in the world to stand tall and defend square on the leg side;
20.2;?;Bumrah to Labuschagne, no run back of a length on off stump, defended into the point region;
20.1;4;Bumrah to Labuschagne, FOUR runs draws the edge right away, but it doesn't carry to the cordon. Back of a length in the corridor, straightens a little as Labuschange defends from the crease. Plays close to his body, though, and the edge dies as it runs away wide of the diving third slip fielder;

This isn't the quickest of pitches, so Smith has to be very mindful of closing his bat face too early. This means India can bowl straighter here than on the typical Australian pitch. Here's Bumrah.
 Innings Start
India
Australia
1st Test (D/N), Adelaide, Dec 17 - 19 2020, India tour of Australia
244 &
191 &
Player of the match is Tim Paine, AUS
Australia won by 8 wickets
