Data
Ankit Sharma: "36 was once in a lifetime event. One cannot read much into that. But yeah that fluke reduced India to 0-1 deficit. "
Wasti: "I have a gut feeling that 195 would prove too much for India. Fingers crossed!!"
Tanay: "When Smith fails like he did in both the first innings in the series so far, it makes Aus middle order look quite vulnerable to a disciplined bowling. "
sinner: "All said and done, Aussies yet to cross 200 runs in the series!"
5.00pm So the bowlers have done their job for India. Ashwin led the way in the morning, Bumrah ensured the tail didn't wag much. And Australia are bundled out for 195. Gaurav Sundararaman reminds me that on the Boxing Day in 2003, Sehwag scored 195 by himself. Before you all come at me, I have told him that India still lost that game.
Still about 20 minutes left in the day's play. You expect Australia to bowl five overs in that time. EDIT: Oh, then we will have extra half an hour. So a tricky phase awaits Agarwal and Gill.
72.3;W;Jadeja to Cummins, OUT goes for the slog sweep and a good catch by Siraj, pedalling back towards long-on. No five-for for Bumrah but India wrap up Australia under 200. Was a length ball around off and spinning away and Cummins decided there is no point playing the waiting game. Went for it but couldn't middle as the ball was spinning away;Pat Cummins c Mohammed Siraj b Jadeja 9 (49m 33b 1x4 0x6) SR: 27.27;;
72.2;?;Jadeja to Cummins, no run length ball on the stumps, some turn, gets behind it and blocks;
72.1;?;Jadeja to Cummins, no run fuller around off, pushes it gently towards extra cover;
71.6;4;Bumrah to Hazlewood, FOUR runs loses his radar and ends up bowling it full down the leg side, clipped away to the fine leg boundary;
71.5;W;Bumrah to Lyon, OUT two bouncers followed by a fuller one. It was fast and straight and thuds into Lyon's pads before he could get his bat down. Up goes the finger. The only doubt is if it's going down. There's no bat, the impact is on middle and leg and it would have just gone on to clip the leg stump, the on-field umpire's call stays as it is. Bumrah gets his fourth;Nathan Lyon lbw b Bumrah 20 (22m 17b 2x4 1x6) SR: 117.64;;
71.4;4;Bumrah to Lyon, FOUR runs another short one and even better shot from Lyon. Pulls it over midwicket on this occasion, four more to him;
71.3;6;Bumrah to Lyon, SIX runs Bumrah goes for the bouncer, Lyon for the pull and makes a good enough connection to swivel it over fine leg, all the way for a six;
71.2;2;Bumrah to Lyon, 2 runs length ball moving away slightly off the seam, Lyon looks to drive and gets a thick outside edge behind point;
71.1;?;Bumrah to Lyon, no run fuller on the stumps, drives but cannot beat mid-on;
70.6;?;Jadeja to Cummins, no run fired in at middle and leg, Cummins defends it from the crease;
70.5;?;Jadeja to Cummins, no run fuller around off, comes forward and blocks;
70.4;?;Jadeja to Cummins, no run flatter one outside off, Cummins was stuck on the back foot, looks to defends but gets beaten by the turn;
70.3;1;Jadeja to Lyon, 1 run length around off and spinning away, Lyon looks to defend but gets a thick outside edge past slip;
70.2;?;Jadeja to Lyon, no run length ball around off, bowled at 92.2kph, defended from the crease;
70.1;1;Jadeja to Cummins, 1 run starts with a fuller one outside off, driven to long-off;
13.6;?;Bumrah to Smith, no run fuller and closer. Pushes it down the ground;
13.5;?;Bumrah to Smith, no run length ball, a touch wider this time, left alone;
13.4;?;Bumrah to Smith, no run a touch fuller this time, similar line. Smith pushes it towards mid-on;
13.3;?;Bumrah to Smith, no run again a length ball and again Smith defends it;
13.2;?;Bumrah to Smith, no run another length ball around fourth stump. Smith moves across and blocks again;
13.1;?;Bumrah to Smith, no run length ball around off, Smith stays in the crease and defends;
12.6;?;Ashwin to Labuschagne, no run length ball on middle and leg, a little bit of turn, Labuschagne shoulders arms and lets it hit on the pad. A mild appeal for lbw but the umpire isn't interested;
12.5;W;Ashwin to Wade, OUT Oh, Matt Wade! What have you done? Going for a glory hit so soon? Steps out to take him on, Ashwin gets this to dip and turn, Wade heaves across the line to get a top-edge. Now, Gill runs back from midwicket, Jadeja to his left from mid-on. There's confusion, it seems as if both of them will collide. They do, but Jadeja just manages to hang on as this descends on them. Mighty relief in the Indian camp. I could almost imagine fielding coach R Sridhar flinging his cap in disgust had that gone down. What a big moment. Ashwin into the act straightaway and India have taken the first hour.;Matthew Wade c Jadeja b Ashwin 30 (59m 39b 3x4 0x6) SR: 76.92;;
12.4;4;Ashwin to Wade, FOUR runs walks across, exposes all three stumps and helps this in-drifter to the fine leg boundary. Ashwin fired this in and Wade used the pace to sweep it along;
12.3;?;Ashwin to Wade, no run lunges forward with his bat well in front of the pad to defend;
12.2;?;Ashwin to Wade, no run beaten as he tries to sweep one that bounces off the deck;
12.1;1;Ashwin to Labuschagne, 1 run rocks back to cut, hit wide of cover as they take a quick single;
69.6;?;Bumrah to Lyon, no run looks to pull, gets pinged on the thigh pad;
69.5;2;Bumrah to Lyon, 2 runs stands tall and punches this back past the bowler and mid-off, lovely tming;
69.4;?;Bumrah to Lyon, no run full toss that he pushes straight to cover;
69.3;4;Bumrah to Lyon, FOUR runs steered past the gully region for a boundary. Used the pace to open the bat face late, nicely done;
69.2;?;Bumrah to Lyon, no run stands tall and punches back down the pitch;
69.1;?;Bumrah to Lyon, no run looks to take him on with the hook shot, not far from the gloves as he's beaten for pace;
68.6;4;Ashwin to Cummins, FOUR runs heaved into the leg side and he's clobbered that. Just short of being a six! But not something Ashwin will mind;
68.5;?;Ashwin to Cummins, no run slow turn from length outside off, defended;
68.4;1;Ashwin to Lyon, 1 run tucks it wide of square leg for an easy single;
68.3;?;Ashwin to Lyon, no run pushed to cover, no chance of a single;
68.2;?;Ashwin to Lyon, no run goes across to sweep, beaten as he was too early into the stroke, Ashwin also drifted this down leg;
68.1;?;Ashwin to Lyon, no run gets well forward and defends;

It's time for drinks and Hemant is back to take you through to close
 Innings Start
India's lost a wicket each in the 113th, 114th, and 115th overs as their lower order crumbled rapidly. Readers in the Indian subcontinent can watch how Umesh edged Lyon to slip, Ashwin holed out to Head off Lyon, and Bumrah departed for a duck as Lyon bagged a three-for
Rahane has his team in a huddle. Will he open with Bumrah and Umesh or will he prefer Siraj? We'll find out very soon. It's bright and sunny. Good conditions for Joe Burns to spend some time in the middle, rediscover his lost form. He's under pressure, no doubt. Wade too would want a big score.
1.00pm Welcome back, folks. Australia's openers should be out to bat very shortly. Jasprit Bumrah is already warming up, having sent down a few deliveries. Ashwin and Jadeja could be as important as the pacers as the surface wears out.
If some banter, analysis, info-graphics etc is your idea of a second-screen experience, you should dig into Andrew McGlashan's Live Report.
_______________________________________________________________________
We will be back in a bit, stay tuned.
Irfan Rahman: "If Lyon completes the hattrick it will be 3 wickets in 3 different overs. Has it ever happened." -- I think Merv Hughes is the only one to have done so, while Walsh and Lawson's were spread across two innings. Here's the full list of hat-tricks in Test cricket.
Partha: "India would be disappointed. Rahane-Jadeja partnership could have buried the Aussies. "
Karthik: "I think India haven't done justice to the hard work they put on day 2 and have given back some advantage by losing wickets in quick succession. 131 is a good lead but India should have looked to taking the game away from Australia. "
Sabu: "5 wickets down for 32 runs.. Again the run out could be a turning point in this match... Afraid that Aussies are back in the match. India batting again on 5th day would being back the ghosts of Adelaide "
12.25pmAnd that's lunch as well on day three. India started well but once Rahane was run out while going for a quick single, it gave Australia an opening. Starc started a bouncer barrage and Jadeja couldn't last long against that ploy. The tail was never going to wag. India would have had a bigger lead in mind at the start of the day but 131 isn't too bad either. Still it's a comeback from Australia, I would say. If they can post anything above 300 in their second innings, they will have a very good chance of making it 2-0.
Gladwyn : "Will Lyon be on a hat trick in the second innings?" -- yes, Lyon will be on hat-trick in the second innings.
115.1;W;Lyon to Bumrah, OUT Lyon finishes with three as Bumrah perishes while going for a slog sweep. Was tossed up around off, Bumrah can only get a top edge and an easy catch for Head at midwicket;Jasprit Bumrah c Head b Lyon 0 (7m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;;
114.6;?;Hazlewood to Siraj, no run fuller and angling towards the pads, Siraj once again is moving towards the leg side, finds himself in an awkward position and gets rapped on the pads;
114.6;1w;Hazlewood to Siraj, 1 wide here is the bouncer and Siraj ducks under it, called a wide for height;
114.5;?;Hazlewood to Siraj, no run a play and a miss. Was a length ball around fourth stump, Siraj was already moving towards the leg side, perhaps he was expecting a short one. Pushes at it in the end and gets beaten;
114.4;W;Hazlewood to Ashwin, OUT Lyon takes it at backward point. Was a length ball outside off, Ashwin wanted to drive it on the up, over covers but gets it only from the outer half of the bat and an easy catch for Lyon there;Ravichandran Ashwin c Lyon b Hazlewood 14 (72m 42b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;;
114.3;?;Hazlewood to Ashwin, no run length ball around off, punched firmly but extra cover moves to his right to make the stop;
114.2;?;Hazlewood to Ashwin, no run length ball outside off, steered towards point;
114.1;?;Hazlewood to Ashwin, no run a bouncer but down the leg side, Ashwin lets it go through;
113.6;W;Lyon to Yadav, OUT taken at slip. A loopy offbreak outside off, Umesh lunges forward and looks to defend. Hard hands and the ball takes an outside edge. Smith takes it at knee height;Umesh Yadav c Smith b Lyon 9 (31m 19b 1x4 0x6) SR: 47.36;;
113.5;?;Lyon to Yadav, no run length ball on the stump, defended;
113.4;1;Lyon to Ashwin, 1 run fuller outside off, drives it towards extra cover where the fielder dives to his right to make a partial stop;
113.3;?;Lyon to Ashwin, no run length ball angling across, Ashwin goes back and turns it towards square leg;
113.2;?;Lyon to Ashwin, no run fuller on the pads, Ashwin comes forward and pushes it on the leg side;
113.1;1;Lyon to Yadav, 1 run length ball on middle and leg, flicked towards backward square leg;
112.6;1;Hazlewood to Yadav, 1 run short of length on the pads, hops and flicks it towards fine leg;
112.5;?;Hazlewood to Yadav, no run short of length around off, Umesh looks to pull but can manage only an inside edge on to the thigh;
112.4;?;Hazlewood to Yadav, no run bouncer on middle and leg but not as threatening as those from Starc, Umesh ducks under;
112.3;1;Hazlewood to Ashwin, 1 run length ball outside off, drops it towards point to sneak in a single;
112.2;?;Hazlewood to Ashwin, no run bouncer but at a manageable pace. Ashwin sways away;
112.1;?;Hazlewood to Ashwin, no run fuller around off, Ashwin has a chance to come on the front foot and he pushes it back towards the bowler;

Hazlewood now
 Innings Start
Australia
India
2nd Test, Melbourne, Dec 26 - 29 2020, India tour of Australia
195 &
326 &
Player of the match is Ajinkya Rahane, INDIA
India won by 8 wickets
