Data
And that's enough for Clarke, who declares...ready to unleash his bowlers. Just one over after tea, not quite sure how long Clarke would have gone for if Johnson hadn't got out, but 566 is a lot of runs either way. England's turn in 10 minutes, they will have 29 overs to face this evening. Highlights of Australia's innings was the stand between Rogers and Smith, and there individual contributions - led by Smith's 215 - but Broad's effort was also very worthy. Will be interesting to see how Australia's quicks, who have a little more pace, will go and what tactics they employ. Few clouds around, too. Could have worked out perfectly for Clarke.
148.6;W;Broad to Johnson, OUT another for Broad...tries to loft over the off side, comes off near the bottom of the bat and finds deepish mid-off;Mitchell Johnson c Anderson b Broad 15 (33m 33b 2x4 0x6) SR: 45.45;
148.5;1;Broad to Starc, 1 run short at off stump, pulled through square leg;
148.4;1;Broad to Johnson, 1 run clubbed from outside off to the left of mid-on;
148.3;?;Broad to Johnson, no run another swing and a miss at a length delivery;
148.2;2;Broad to Johnson, 2 runs full and wide, throws his hands through a lofted square drive which lands in space at deep point;
148.1;?;Broad to Johnson, no run round the wicket, steps away to leg to give himself room then has a swing and a miss;
147.6;1;Root to Johnson, 1 run tossed up, slowly slowly... out to point, and that will be tea.;
147.5;?;Root to Johnson, no run held back a bit in the air, and defended;
147.4;?;Root to Johnson, no run driven out to mid-off;
147.3;?;Root to Johnson, no run two steps down the track but almost yorks himself in his attempt to clear the field;
147.2;4b;Root to Johnson, 4 byes wild down the leg side, Buttler can't gather;
147.1;?;Root to Johnson, no run stands up in the crease to defend;
146.6;?;Ali to Starc, no run blocked down the track;
146.5;?;Ali to Starc, no run Stokes fields at mid-on with the enthusiasm of a rampant salmon;
146.4;?;Ali to Starc, no run drawn forward with a big block;
146.3;?;Ali to Starc, no run back on the defensive;
146.2;6;Ali to Starc, SIX runs now that's good contact. Clears the front leg and bunts a maximum clean over long-on;
146.1;?;Ali to Starc, no run shapes to attack but can't make good contact;
33.6;?;Broad to Rogers, no run ooh, nicely bowled, full and juuuuuuuuuust dipping back in late as Rogers aims a drive down the ground, gets a thick inside edge on to boot, he then hops back instinctively looking to kick the ball away;
33.5;1;Broad to Smith, 1 run attacking the stumps now but Smitty likes it there, waits for it, waits for it... and clips off his pads through backward square;
33.4;?;Broad to Smith, no run length ball, outside off, Smith drops back and defends to the on side;
33.3;?;Broad to Smith, no run good length in the channel, left alone this time;
33.2;2;Broad to Smith, 2 runs off-stump line from Broad, on a length and whipped away through square leg as Smith crabs across his stumps;
33.1;1;Broad to Rogers, 1 run short ball, at the ribs, Rogers rolls his wrists on a firm pull to deep square leg;
32.6;?;Anderson to Smith, no run angled in again, Smith drops outside off stump and punches away from his body, deflected to the leg side;
32.5;?;Anderson to Smith, no run length delivery, seams back at Smith a fraction and hits the inside half of the bat;
32.4;?;Anderson to Smith, no run shuffles across his stumps and shoulders arms;
32.3;?;Anderson to Smith, no run Anderson continues to hang the ball out wide of the stumps, this is England's plan to Smith, no stroke this time;
32.2;?;Anderson to Smith, no run play and a miss from Smith, goes for the big drive and isn't far off nicking it through... Careful now;
32.1;?;Anderson to Smith, no run in the corridor wide of the stumps and left alone;
145.6;?;Root to Johnson, no run Johnson remains five away from 2000 Test runs. Well, well. Only Warney among Australians has the double of 2000 and 300. And Johnson needs seven wickets for the latter ...;
145.5;?;Root to Johnson, no run nice work from Root, saw him coming and flung it so wide it might have been stumped if Buttler had had a chance of reaching it. Instead the batsman stuck out his boot;
145.4;1;Root to Starc, 1 run a filthy mow, just out of reach of midwicket. More runs to the total;
145.3;2;Root to Starc, 2 runs turned around the corner for another single;
145.2;?;Root to Starc, no run an optimistic appeal from round the wicket;
145.1;?;Root to Starc, no run;
144.6;4;Wood to Johnson, FOUR runs round the wicket, short, wide, pinged to the cover boundary. You can't bowl there to Mitchell Johnson;
144.5;?;Wood to Johnson, no run defended;
144.4;1lb;Wood to Starc, 1 leg bye wild and leg-sided. Buttler can't reach it with a dive;
144.3;1;Wood to Johnson, 1 run turned off the toes to square leg;
144.2;?;Wood to Johnson, no run round the wicket, nips off the seam again and Johnson defends with a bit of exaggerated surprise. Hmmm ...;
144.1;?;Wood to Johnson, no run plough that furrow;

Thaya: "When Johnson does not take a wicket in an innings every one wants to know whether he lost it. When Anderson does not take a wicket in an innings no one says anything. How is this fair?" Because Johnson's off-days are spectacular. And Anderson's ability with the bat is rather more limited
 Innings Start
Okay, so off trot the players, David Warner and Chris Rogers at the head of the queue - looks like Australia will be batting again, as expected. This is a scenario they know well from 2013-14 and England are going to need something pretty monumental to get out of this particular jam. They would, of course take a Biblical deluge, though the weather radars seem somewhat changeable on the likelihood.
On that subject, here's Ben: "It's very English that so many comments are invoking rain to save a draw versus the fighting spirit of the team to bounce back in the 2nd Innings." Years of experience, that. And it was firmly established a decade ago that it definitely isn't cowardly to pray for a downpour.
"After 90 ov Australia Were 337-1 in 1st inning with C Rogers 158* (282b) & S Smith 129* (217b)," says Kashif Ahmad. "ENG are lagging ;)." Well, that's putting it mildly.
90.1;W;Johnson to Broad, OUT swing and a nick, well taken by Shaun Marsh at first slip! That's it, Broad's thick outside edge is swallowed and England have been bundled out with a hefty 254-run deficit;Stuart Broad c sub (SE Marsh) b Johnson 21 (58m 45b 1x4 0x6) SR: 46.66;
89.6;?;Hazlewood to Anderson, no run now goes full and straight and Anderson on-drives to the field;
89.5;?;Hazlewood to Anderson, no run length delivery, starting wide and wobbling further away, another unsuccessful fishing expedition;
89.4;?;Hazlewood to Anderson, no run beats the outside edge, Anderson hunkering down in the crease and fiddling outside off;
89.3;2;Hazlewood to Anderson, 2 runs slanted across in the channel, swings away from his body and chops a couple through point;
89.2;?;Hazlewood to Anderson, no run length outside off, Anderson thinks twice about playing at it;
89.1;4;Hazlewood to Anderson, FOUR runs slightly full, Anderson lines it up in his crosshairs and shovels through mid-on, good chunk of bat on it and the ball races away;
88.6;?;Johnson to Broad, no run too good, back of a length and jagging away from Broad as he hung on the back foot, past the bat and through to the keeper;
88.5;?;Johnson to Broad, no run back of a length outside off, holding its line and Broad looks to tee off down the ground, fails to connect;
88.4;?;Johnson to Broad, no run fires in the bouncer, Broad ducks it;
88.3;?;Johnson to Broad, no run good length outside off, Broad swishes off the back foot and misses once again;
88.2;?;Johnson to Broad, no run closer to the stumps, sits in the crease and pokes down the wrong line as it bobbles through again;
88.1;?;Johnson to Broad, no run quite wide from Starc and it grubs through to the keeper as Broad swings, fails to get the toe of the bat on it;
87.6;?;Hazlewood to Anderson, no run full and straight, slightly hesitant poke to leg, keeps it out;
87.5;W;Hazlewood to Wood, OUT bowled him, off stump flattened! Simple science from Hazlewood, aim for the woodwork, Wood was a little bit late on the shot and it nipped back up the hill, done neck and crop;Mark Wood b Hazlewood 4 (9m 7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 57.14;
87.4;1;Hazlewood to Broad, 1 run bangs the ball in and Broad rocks back to pull a half-tracker out to deep square leg;
87.3;?;Hazlewood to Broad, no run pitched up and curving back once again, too much this time, beats Broad's leg-side heave and flies through past leg stump;
87.2;?;Hazlewood to Broad, no run full and shaping back on the stumps, Broad digs it out towards mid-off;
87.1;4;Hazlewood to Broad, FOUR runs more tap, Broad playing a bit more like his old self, freeing up the arms and carving through backward point, this time unguarded and that will be four;
86.6;4;Starc to Wood, FOUR runs short of a length, Wood scoop-pulls over a couple of leg-side catchers, he actually got quite a lot of this and it just about outruns the attempt to reel it in on the boundary - boozy Saturday afternoon cheers for the England 300;
86.5;?;Starc to Wood, no run pushed full and wide and punchily driven square, straight to the fielder;
86.4;?;Starc to Wood, no run length delivery, swinging behind Wood as he again fails with an attempted leg glance;
86.3;?;Starc to Wood, no run Starc slings this down the leg side, flick and a miss;
86.2;1;Starc to Broad, 1 run back of a length, Broad steps away and slaps a single through point... There's a man in the deep for, er, protection;
86.1;2;Starc to Broad, 2 runs pitched up on middle and leg, Broad hoicks a couple down the ground past mid-on;
85.6;?;Hazlewood to Wood, no run closer to off stump, seaming down the line as Wood stays back and defends;
85.5;?;Hazlewood to Wood, no run slightly short and wide of the stumps, left alone;
85.4;W;Hazlewood to Ali, OUT pinned him, up goes the finger! Moeen reviews but looks to be more in desperation than anything else... Hazlewood has got him, I'm pretty certain, he straightened a good nut off the seam and Moeen was going nowhere, struck on the knee roll. Yes, that's plumber than the Super Mario brothers, hitting middle stump two-thirds of the way up, according to Hawk-Eye;Moeen Ali lbw b Hazlewood 39 (90m 57b 5x4 1x6) SR: 68.42;
85.3;?;Hazlewood to Ali, no run back of a length outside off, Moeen flirts with it on its way through;
85.2;1;Hazlewood to Broad, 1 run timber! Broad fells himself, pulling a short ball down to fine leg... Only gets one as he was picking himself up from just in front of the stumps;
85.1;2;Hazlewood to Broad, 2 runs overpitched on leg stump and Broad clubs it over square leg, lusty swing of the bat, there's a man in the deep running around to cut it off;
84.6;?;Starc to Ali, no run pitched full in the slot, Moeen cautiously pushes it back towards mid-off;
84.5;1;Starc to Broad, 1 run length delivery around off stump, 91mph and dabbed into the covers for one;
84.4;?;Starc to Broad, no run this is again fired down the leg side, Broad plays off the back foot, gets an edge on to his pad and then through to the keeper;
84.3;?;Starc to Broad, no run Starc unleashes a full toss, catches Broad on the crease but it was already veering down the leg side, despite an optimistic appeal for lbw;
84.2;?;Starc to Broad, no run pitched up and prodded back to the leg side;
84.1;2;Starc to Broad, 2 runs steps away and carves over the leaping Warner at point! Familiar club cricket slap and tickle from Broad, got enough of a slightly short delivery, though Lyon gave chase to prevent it going for four;

"There isn't any chance of two days of rain is there? please say there is..." Some forecast for tomorrow morning, Goda, though the chances of a washed out day appear to be receding
 Innings Start
Johnson's lack of attire was clearly a double bluff. Michael Clarke has seen enough, and now England face a tricky 10 minutes before lunch. The small ask of 509 runs is their target. They have five sessions to make Ashes history survive.
Johnat: "Poms got 10 wickets! Just took two innings to get there! " You better believe it
Nanda: "How much does it take MoJo to change from his training gear to match gear.... any analysis on that..?" No, although I hear he tends to get his kit back on quicker than Watto managed
Richard: "Surely surviving would make Ashes history? While it might not be in the statistical record books it would be etched in memory as one of the greatest escapes of all." True
Matt: "I hate to be pedantic (lie), but Johnson's attire was a single bluff, or bluff, to be more precise, not a double." Gah, you're right. I shall go out and shoot myself forthwith, which will delight RandyOz.
48.6;?;Ali to Marsh, no run worked into the leg-side and, well, well, it's declaration time!;
48.5;6;Ali to Marsh, SIX runs back that two in a row, this time higher over cow corner;
48.4;6;Ali to Marsh, SIX runs bang. Two steps, right to the pitch. Deliver. Gone. All the way into the member's area;
48.3;1;Ali to Clarke, 1 run;
48.2;1;Ali to Marsh, 1 run turned off the toes, to fine leg;
48.1;1;Ali to Clarke, 1 run flicked up to long-on;
47.6;4;Root to Marsh, FOUR runs tickled off the pads, very fine past the diving Cook at leg gully;
47.5;1;Root to Clarke, 1 run tossed up from round the wicket. This is going through more motions than the morning after a curry night;
47.4;?;Root to Clarke, no run flick out to midwicket;
47.3;1;Root to Marsh, 1 run;
47.2;1;Root to Clarke, 1 run whipped into the leg-side;
47.1;1;Root to Marsh, 1 run drilled hard down the ground;
46.6;?;Ali to Clarke, no run a swish and a miss;
46.5;1;Ali to Marsh, 1 run pushed into the point region, Lyth's shy would, he thinks, have hit the stumps, but Moeen tries to intercept. I think the batsman was home;
46.4;?;Ali to Marsh, no run worked into the leg side, Moeen giving few opportunities to free the arms;
46.3;1;Ali to Clarke, 1 run delicate late cut;
46.2;?;Ali to Clarke, no run attempted sweep, misses out;
46.1;2;Ali to Clarke, 2 runs;
45.6;1;Root to Clarke, 1 run tucked to square leg, the lead is now 481 with some 160 overs left in the match;
45.5;1;Root to Marsh, 1 run down the ground;
45.4;1;Root to Clarke, 1 run;
45.3;1;Root to Marsh, 1 run worked into the leg-side again. A definite lull at the moment, which will suit both sides. Australia want to eat up some of the spare overs, just to put an improbable chase completely out of the question;
45.2;1;Root to Clarke, 1 run clipped to midwicket;
45.1;1;Root to Marsh, 1 run driven into the covers;
44.6;?;Ali to Clarke, no run turned off the pads to midwicket. Decent over;
44.5;1;Ali to Marsh, 1 run a stride across the stumps and a comfortable single to long-on;
44.4;?;Ali to Marsh, no run flicked to midwicket;
44.3;?;Ali to Marsh, no run blocked down the track;
44.2;1;Ali to Clarke, 1 run attempting to work the angles but accurate so far;
44.1;?;Ali to Clarke, no run turned out to midwicket;

Voodoo: "Old Chap, what do you think of having neutral commentators out here? Just like neutral umpires in test cricket? ;) " I'm not sure Ravi Shastri could ever be described as a neutral commentator, old boy!
 Innings Start
5.15pm: Lord's has been sacked by the Australians more times than the barbarians ran through Rome, so at least this is a familiar feeling for England. How they put it behind them before moving on to the third Test at Edgbaston is a puzzle for the next few days. Australia players might actually allow themselves a cold beer this evening, while England are left to contemplate how they XXXX-ed things up. Maybe they should start with Brydon Coverdale's report, then settle in for some light relief with #PoliteEnquiries. Actually, thinking about it, they might not be so polite today... Anyway, thanks as ever for your comments, myself, Miller and Gnasher have enjoyed ourselves immensely. Join us again in ten days for the next red-hot installment of Ashes action. Ta ra!
5pm: Here we go with the presentations... I think England will be getting a custard pie. Here's Alastair Cook: "The standard we set ourselves at Cardiff, we've not backed it up here and it's incredibly frustrating. Australia put us under pressure all game and were deserving winners. In Cardiff we did a lot of things very well and her e we didn't do that at all. We didn't bowl well, didnt take catches and didn't score hundreds, so we failed in all three areas. The last few games we've been three down for not many and it's hard for the middle order to keep helping us out. We've got some wonderful players with fantastic records but this is why you play sport, to test yourself against the best and we have to show character at Birmingham. [Batting problems?] Not sure, something the selectors might have to look at. It's down to the players, we've got to get stuck in. It's 1-1, credit to Australia for bouncing back but still all to play for. Shows how important the first couple of days of the Test are, the side that gets on top manages to stay on top. That's the challenge. [Hopes for Edgbaston?] Good old English pitch."
Australia captain Michael Clarke looks a little happier this time around: "Yeah, don't think I could have asked for better performance from every single player, Chris Rogers and Steven Smith, David Warner got us off to a great start in the second innings and the intent from the bowlers was spot on. We didn't talk much about Cardiff, our focus was turning up here and playing some of our best cricket. Today we can look at each other and say we played some pretty good cricket. [Mitchell Marsh?] His intent, the way he walked out to bat today and he executed really well with the ball, getting those two crucial wickets. The selectors made the call, we've got everyone fit to play. The advantage of having someone like Mitch [Johnson] is that he's so fit he can bowl long spells, or short ones like today. Credit to the rest oft he attack, they supported Mitchell. I'd like to be 2-0 but I'll accept where we are. We were outplayed in the first match but bounced back really well."
Steven Smith is named Man of the Match: "Yeah, thought it was a good wicket, started well on day one, put us in a pretty strong position - Chris Rogers played fantastically well - and we went on from there. I haven't had such a great run with the bat here at Lord's so it was nice to get some runs in the first innings. I feel really decent at the moment so for me it's about being patient and making the bowlers come to me. Yeah, a little bit, the wickets are a bit slower and the ball does a bit more than back home. So being patient, playing in my eyeline and letting balls go. We were all disappointed with the way we performed with the bat in Cardiff, we know Lord's is a good place to bat and we made up for it."
4.45pm: There you go, England have been knocked into a cocked sunhat in 37 overs and Australia are back in the series, level at 1-1. That is Australia's first win at Lord's since 2005 and it looks likely to have opened up a lot of the wounds from 2013-14, judging by the way England capitulated in that innings. As Irfaan points out, Australia have been twice as good here, going by the raw numbers, and that only seems about halfway adequate in measuring the gulf: "Aus: 820/10; Eng: 415/20". It turns out that Mitches do win matches, with 11 wickets between Messrs Johnson, Starc and Marsh; Peter Nevill, too, has had a very enjoyable debut, with seven catches after coming into the side for Brad Haddin. But this was a victory built on the twin peaks of centuries from Steven Smith and Chris Rogers - they took Australia to 337 for 1 at the end of the first day and practically shut England out of the game for good. It has been a sensational performance from a team who were roundly beaten a week ago - and England will now have 10 days for it to gnaw away at them, before we fire up again at Edgbaston.
"820/10 is not twice as good (that would be 820/20...it's FOUR TIMES as good," hollers Kev Roy. "82 per wicket vs 20..." Well, Australia scored twice as many runs and took twice as many wickets; double it, cube it, let's just agree that they smashed it.
36.6;W;Hazlewood to Anderson, OUT full and bang on target, rattles the stumps and Australia have won by 405 runs! Anderson played rather apologetically around a straight one and that's a fitting demonstration of how comprehensively they've been kippered here;James Anderson b Hazlewood 0 (10m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
36.5;1;Hazlewood to Wood, 1 run shortish on the stumps and flicked down to fine leg for one;
36.4;?;Hazlewood to Wood, no run full outside off, reaches out to drive, backward point dives to cut it off and prevent a run;
36.3;?;Hazlewood to Wood, no run slightly short and Wood plays a jerky short-arm pull, rolls to midwicket;
36.2;?;Hazlewood to Wood, no run length outside off, Wood gets forward and watches it through again;
36.1;?;Hazlewood to Wood, no run pitched up in the channel outside off, no stroke;
35.6;?;Lyon to Anderson, no run tossed up outside off and Anderson plays inside, allowing it to spin through to Nevill;
35.5;1;Lyon to Wood, 1 run slightly short on leg stump and Wood tucks it off his hips through backward square;
35.4;?;Lyon to Wood, no run drifting across outside off from around the wicket, gets forward to block;
35.3;?;Lyon to Wood, no run on the stumps, Wood doggedly defends;
35.2;?;Lyon to Wood, no run flighted, on middle and off, shows it a straight bat;
35.1;?;Lyon to Wood, no run tossed up outside leg stump and straightening behind Wood through to the keeper;
34.6;?;Hazlewood to Anderson, no run back of a length in the channel, bit of a flirt but the ball misses the edge;
34.5;?;Hazlewood to Anderson, no run banged in down the leg side, Anderson shifts out of the way;
34.4;?;Hazlewood to Anderson, no run pitched up outside off, Anderson plays a confident-looking drive along the carpet, straight to mid-off;
34.3;W;Hazlewood to Root, OUT bowled him, England nine down! No respite at all... Stayed a bit low and Root is done for, hanging back in the crease, now heading back to the dressing room. Everything Australia have done here has turned to green-and-gold;Joe Root b Hazlewood 17 (84m 44b 2x4 0x6) SR: 38.63;
34.2;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run good length outside off, tailing back in as Root gets a stride in and shoulders arms;
34.1;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run shortish and defended from back in the crease;
33.6;W;Lyon to Broad, OUT gives it some air - and Broad has chipped the ball to cover! Broad's brief counterattack is over, a momentary flare up before the England flame gutters again... Was actually a little short but Broad slogged it off the toe end straight to the fielder;Stuart Broad c Voges b Lyon 25 (21m 17b 4x4 1x6) SR: 147.05;
33.5;?;Lyon to Broad, no run flighted, outside off, studiously defended on the front foot;
33.4;6;Lyon to Broad, SIX runs ironic cheers around Lord's as Broad clears the front leg and puts Lyon into the stands at long-on... Brings up the hundred with a six. Well, England fans haven't had much to smile about today;
33.3;?;Lyon to Broad, no run lets this one through wide of the stumps;
33.2;?;Lyon to Broad, no run tossed up outside off, Broad goes back and swings, beaten past the outside edge;
33.1;4;Lyon to Broad, FOUR runs around the wicket, Broad reaches out and angles the bat to glide a sweep away to fine leg;
32.6;?;Johnson to Root, no run length ball on off, 90mph but blocked reasonably comfortable into the off side;
32.5;?;Johnson to Root, no run fired across on a good length, Root allows it through to the keeper;
32.4;?;Johnson to Root, no run gets forward around off stump and defends this time;
32.3;?;Johnson to Root, no run pushed across, length delivery in the channel, watches it through;
32.2;4;Johnson to Root, FOUR runs that's how to play the short ball... gets on top of it and hooks powerfully through square for another boundary;
32.1;?;Johnson to Root, no run back of a length outside off stump and left alone;

"Everyone said that this pitch is flat. The only thing that's flat out there is England's morale." Well, it is pretty flat, Nick. England have had to go to great lengths of ineptitude to make it look otherwise
 Innings Start