Data
3.58pm: Well, that's a score to defend, Australia certainly the happier after being 30 for 3 inside the Powerplay. The pitch looked a little tough to time shots on and although England bowled very well in patches, Aaron Finch, Marcus Stoinis, Glenn Maxwell and Ashton Agar helped cobble an innings together. With the bowlers Australia have, this could well be another close one. Don't go anywhere
19.6;2;Archer to Starc, 2 runs fullish length, 91mph and Starc hacks across the line, gets a thick inside edge, and they'll scamper two to finish an 18-run over. How crucial will that be?;
19.5;W;Archer to Agar, OUT goes back to basics, nails the 92mph/148kph yorker... and then runs Agar out as he comes looking for the single! He made an instinctive move out of his crease, even as the ball went straight back to the bowler. Archer dismissively pings the stumps, but this has been a good over for Australia;Ashton Agar run out (Archer) 23 (20b 2x4 0x6) SR: 115;
19.5;2w;Archer to Cummins, 2 wide sprays this down the leg side, Buttler can't grab it cleanly... more extras in the over, Archer not enjoying this quite so much now;
19.4;6;Archer to Cummins, SIX runs Woof! Smoked down the ground! Cummins sets himself and thrashes another length ball back over the bowler's head... Shot, sir;
19.3;4;Archer to Cummins, FOUR runs length ball, Cummins top-edges it over short third man! Rashid turns and givers chase but this will run away;
19.3;1w;Archer to Cummins, 1 wide slower ball, short outside off... and called wide on height. Looked tight from side on. May have been a knuckle ball bouncer?;
19.2;1lb;Archer to Agar, 1 leg bye 90mph yorker outside off as Agar comes across, hits him on the boot and ricochets to short third man;
19.2;1w;Archer to Agar, 1 wide round the wicket, 90mph/145kph but sliding down the leg side;
19.1;1;Archer to Cummins, 1 run flung full on the stumps, Cummins squeezes it out through backward point;
18.6;1;Jordan to Cummins, 1 run pitched up wide of off, 88mph/141kph and Cummins slaps through point;
18.5;1;Jordan to Agar, 1 run full and wide of the stumps, chopped for a single;
18.4;4;Jordan to Agar, FOUR runs slugged down the ground, 90mph/145kph and he uses that pace, thumping a half-volley fine of Moeen at long-on!;
18.3;1;Jordan to Cummins, 1 run pitched up and dinked into the covers for a single;
18.2;W;Jordan to Maxwell, OUT heaves at a length ball, nicked to the keeper! Unusual dismissal at this stage of the innings, but it'll work for England... Jordan hitting that hard length again, as he did at the death on Friday, and Maxwell is too leg side as he swings for the hills and edges through. Was seeing it well, but that's going to dent Australia's hopes of getting 150;Glenn Maxwell c ?Buttler b Jordan 26 (18b 1x4 1x6) SR: 144.44;
18.1;4;Jordan to Maxwell, FOUR runs yorker length, 89mph and wide of the stumps, bullocked through extra by Maxwell! Such power, should have been tough to hit, but he forces it away through the infield, beats the man out, too;
17.6;1;Tom Curran to Maxwell, 1 run full on the stumps, 84mph and drilled to long-on for just a single;
17.5;1;Tom Curran to Agar, 1 run round the wicket, full on the stumps, 82mph/132kph and Agar nudges it down the ground to long-on;
17.4;1;Tom Curran to Maxwell, 1 run back of the hand, wide of the stumps and Maxwell slashes it through point to the sweeper;
17.3;1;Tom Curran to Agar, 1 run round the wicket, another slowie and Agar mistimes a cut for one to backward point;
17.2;1;Tom Curran to Maxwell, 1 run pace off outside off and he settles for prodding one through cover;
17.1;6;Tom Curran to Maxwell, SIX runs clubbed over long-on, just above the leaping Archer! Slower ball and he had to manufacture the hit, a real baseball slug, just beyond the man on the fence;
16.6;?;Archer to Agar, no run spears in the yorker, pace up at 91mph/147kph and Agar can't do anything but keep it out;
16.5;2;Archer to Agar, 2 runs pitched up, 92mph/148kph and whipped crisply in front of deep midwicket for a couple;
16.4;2;Archer to Agar, 2 runs dug in, 89mph/143kph and Agar gets a top-edge on the pull for a couple to fine leg;
16.3;1;Archer to Maxwell, 1 run flung down full and wide of the stumps at 93mph/149kph and Maxwell can only jam one to deep point, a bellow of frustration audible on the stump mic;
16.2;1;Archer to Agar, 1 run round the wicket, fired in on the stumps and Agar clips through midwicket;
16.1;1;Archer to Maxwell, 1 run legcutter, hits Maxwell on the thigh pad playing back, Archer was on his knees asking for lbw... high and leg side, I think. Deflected away for a leg bye;
15.6;1;Jordan to Maxwell, 1 run pitched up, 88mph/141kph attempted yorker and Maxi digs it out through cover for one to keep the strike;
15.5;2;Jordan to Maxwell, 2 runs short ball, pulled through square between two men set back and they pick up a couple;
15.4;1;Jordan to Agar, 1 run round the wicket now, 86mph, this jumps off the pitch and hits the shoulder of the bat, runs down to third man;
15.3;2;Jordan to Agar, 2 runs full and wide of off stump, 86mph/138kph and Agar stabs a couple through backward point, Moeen does well on the rope;
15.2;1;Jordan to Maxwell, 1 run skidding on outside off, 82mph and he opens the face, guides straight to short third man for one;
15.1;2;Jordan to Maxwell, 2 runs length ball, 81mph/130kph and Maxwell clips through midwikcet, comes back for two;
14.6;1;Ali to Maxwell, 1 run pushed through outside off, Maxwell opens the face and steers one square;
14.5;1;Ali to Agar, 1 run tossed up and clipped leg side coming forwards;
14.4;4;Ali to Agar, FOUR runs flighted, Agar has a hack, edged past the diving Malan's left hand! Sliced off the back foot but he got enough on it and the ball runs away past short fine leg;
14.3;1;Ali to Maxwell, 1 run over the wicket, worked off the stumps to leg;
14.2;1;Ali to Agar, 1 run floated up and worked against the spin through midwicket;
14.1;?;Ali to Agar, no run round the wicket, pushed through and Agar is trapped on the front pad... not turning enough, as England go up for lbw;
13.6;1;Wood to Agar, 1 run short ball, 89mph on the hip and Agar nudges to midwicket for one;
13.5;?;Wood to Agar, no run round the wicket, speared in at 90mph/145kph, draws a waft play-and-miss from Agar;
13.4;1;Wood to Maxwell, 1 run angling in with the arm and worked through square leg;
13.3;1;Wood to Agar, 1 run bit of width on offer, 82mph/132kph and this is chopped through the covers to the sweper;
13.2;?;Wood to Agar, no run round the wicket, back of a length and Agar prods it back to the bowler;
13.1;1;Wood to Maxwell, 1 run shortish and tucked to the leg side;
12.6;W;Rashid to Stoinis, OUT steered to slip, Rashid again finishes his spell with a wicket! Stoinis hangs his head but that was indicative of his struggles against spin... hung back, spotted too late that it was a big-turning legbreak, could only watch in horror as he directed it straight to Malan, diving to his right;Marcus Stoinis c Malan b Rashid 35 (26b 2x4 2x6) SR: 134.61;
12.5;2;Rashid to Stoinis, 2 runs full, wide of the stumps, tempting Stoinis out and he chips up and over cover towards the sweeper;
12.4;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run tossed up on leg stump and he nurdles his first run into a gap at midwicket;
12.3;?;Rashid to Maxwell, no run googly, comes back and Maxwell isn't in a position to play it, gloves the ball down;
12.2;1;Rashid to Stoinis, 1 run floated up and dinked through mid-off;
12.1;6;Rashid to Stoinis, SIX runs lummoxed over long-off! Doesn't matter about picking 'em if you get to the pitch and hit that sweetly through the line!;
11.6;W;Jordan to Finch, OUT dragged on! Short ball, coming back in at pace, Finch seems surprised by it and can only chop down into his timbers! Jordan roars in celebration, that's a big breakthrough, with Australia rebuilding nicely;Aaron Finch b Jordan 40 (33b 4x4 2x6) SR: 121.21;
11.5;4;Jordan to Finch, FOUR runs slower ball, Finch didn't seem to pick it but managed to adjust, heaved through backward square again! Lost his shape but managed to hoick four more;
11.4;1;Jordan to Stoinis, 1 run full on off, Stoinis crunches up and over, almost carries all the way to long-on running in;
11.3;1lb;Jordan to Finch, 1 leg bye half an appeal, Finch struck on the pads playing back, runs away for one;
11.2;4;Jordan to Finch, FOUR runs swatted over backward square leg! Picked up and he finds the gap, using Jordan's pace and incoming angle to good effect;
11.1;?;Jordan to Finch, no run back of a length, 80mph/129kph and Finch taps it down defensively;
10.6;?;Rashid to Stoinis, no run Rashid's googly beats Stoinis on the inside - umpire Burns says no! Maybe outside the line, Stoinis completely foxed there, he's been done that way before... but no review from England. Hawk-Eye says it was bouncing over leg stump;
10.5;1;Rashid to Finch, 1 run floated up and driven through the off side;
10.4;6;Rashid to Finch, SIX runs thumped down the ground! Finch leaves this crease and leaves a mark on Rashid, swung mightily over long-on, despite there being a man back;
10.3;?;Rashid to Finch, no run tosses up the legbreak and Finch leans out to dead-bat this;
10.2;1;Rashid to Stoinis, 1 run flighted, Stoinis cuts across a shot into the off side, chips it but safely into a gap;
10.1;1;Rashid to Finch, 1 run tossed up on the stumps and worked through mid-on;
9.6;1;Tom Curran to Finch, 1 run taps a straight delivery just to the on side, screams of 'two, two' from Finch but he's kept to a single;
9.5;1;Tom Curran to Stoinis, 1 run back of a length, driven off the back foot to deep cover;
9.4;?;Tom Curran to Stoinis, no run goes for the yorker, it;'s a straight low full toss, driven to mid-off...a slower ball at 69mph;
9.3;1;Tom Curran to Finch, 1 run full at leg stump, whipped through midwicket and he can't get back for the second;
9.2;?;Tom Curran to Finch, no run angled into the pads, Finch misses out as this deflects through to Buttler along the ground;
9.1;1;Tom Curran to Stoinis, 1 run full at the stumps, pushed towards mid-on;
8.6;?;Rashid to Finch, no run goes for the sweep, deflects off his pad and it isn't far from bobbling into leg stump;
8.5;?;Rashid to Finch, no run fuller at the stumps, a quicker delivery, defended;
8.4;1;Rashid to Stoinis, 1 run waits for this to turn outside off, pushed to deep cover;
8.3;1;Rashid to Finch, 1 run worked away as play resumes;
8.2;1;Rashid to Stoinis, 1 run full toss wide outside off, driven very firmly at cover and this has done some damage to Morgan. Looks like a finger on his right hand. Maybe a dislocation? Physio is straight out there;
8.1;1;Rashid to Finch, 1 run very full, wide outside off, swung down to long-on as he swings across the line;
7.6;2;Jordan to Stoinis, 2 runs cloths this lofted drive, but manages to clear mid-off on the edge of the ring. A slower ball from Jordan and Stoinis was through his shot;
7.5;2;Jordan to Stoinis, 2 runs on the pads, worked through midwicket where Bairstow collects in the deep;
7.4;?;Jordan to Stoinis, no run more good work by the captain, diving to his left at cover to intercept a drive;
7.3;?;Jordan to Stoinis, no run pushes this up further, punched off the back foot back to Jordan;
7.2;6;Jordan to Stoinis, SIX runs that's a strong shot! A fraction short from Jordan and Stoinis latches on with a dismissive pull in front of square;
7.1;1;Jordan to Finch, 1 run good start, on a length at middle and off, pushed into the covers;
6.6;?;Rashid to Stoinis, no run almost pops this up to cover, the ball grips and sticks in the surface, pushes with hard hands to the off side;
6.5;?;Rashid to Stoinis, no run a little shorter, played off the back foot to the bowler;
6.4;1;Rashid to Finch, 1 run full at off stump, driven down the ground;
6.3;?;Rashid to Finch, no run big appeal for lbw from Buttler as Stoinis presses forward, certainly came off the bat in the end. And England have reviewed! Ha, he couldn't have middled that any better. Not one of the better reviews. Even Buttler has a laugh;
6.2;?;Rashid to Finch, no run quicker, flatter at leg stump, pushed to the off side...out of the front from Rashid;
6.1;1;Rashid to Stoinis, 1 run very full outside off, driven to long-off;
5.6;1;Wood to Stoinis, 1 run doesn't really time this pull, sends it into square leg;
5.5;?;Wood to Stoinis, no run inswinging yorker at off stump, 94mph/151kph, jabbed into the covers;
5.4;4;Wood to Stoinis, FOUR runs nice piece of timing, but mid-on could have done better...leans forward and times the on-drive, Curran dives over it;
5.3;4;Wood to Stoinis, FOUR runs just wide of a diving Buttler! Angled into the pads, glanced off the face of the bat and not that far from the big dive;
5.2;?;Wood to Stoinis, no run touch shorter, pushed firmly square into the off side;
5.1;?;Wood to Stoinis, no run back of a length at off stump, defended;
4.6;W;Tom Curran to Smith, OUT run out with a direct hit! Brilliant work from Eoin Morgan. Pushed towards mid-on, the captain quickly in and an underarm into the stumps. Smith well short;Steven Smith run out (Morgan) 10 (7b 1x4 1x6) SR: 142.85;
4.5;?;Tom Curran to Smith, no run played back down the pitch, was aiming into midwicket;
4.4;6;Tom Curran to Smith, SIX runs clears deep square leg! Terrific pull shot by Smith, the delivery wasn't that short, just back of a length and swung away;
4.3;?;Tom Curran to Smith, no run that's a cracker! Jags away from back of a length, beats the outside edge and carries nicely. Something in this pitch;
4.2;?;Tom Curran to Smith, no run gets squared up this time, back of a length, played into midwicket;
4.1;4;Tom Curran to Smith, FOUR runs misfield gives Smith a boundary, short of a length, he shovels a pull through square leg and the deep fielder can't cut it off;
3.6;2;Wood to Finch, 2 runs nicely timed, short of a length outside off, punched through the covers for a brace;
3.5;4;Wood to Finch, FOUR runs gets some fortune this time, feet stuck in the crease, throws his hands into a drive at a full delivery and it takes a thick inside edge past the stumps;
3.4;?;Wood to Finch, no run that's a much more confident shot, but picks out the cover fielder as he drives off the back foot;
3.3;4;Wood to Finch, FOUR runs full and very wide, Finch reaches out for it, gets a toe end that runs fine of third man;
3.2;?;Wood to Finch, no run back of a length at off stump, solidly pushed towards mid-off;
3.1;?;Wood to Finch, no run short of a length, punched off the back foot to the covers;
2.6;1;Archer to Finch, 1 run short on off stump, Finch hops back into the crease and nudges to midwicket to keep the strike;
2.5;?;Archer to Finch, no run nips back off a good length and strikes Finch a painful blow off the bottom hand;
2.4;?;Archer to Finch, no run 92mph/148kph, Finch is hurried into a forward push that finds cover;
2.3;?;Archer to Finch, no run what a comeback! That's a 91mph/146kph leg-cutter which scorchers past the outside edge;
2.2;6;Archer to Finch, SIX runs all the way! Takes on the short ball, gets well underneath this pick-up pull off his hip. For a second it looked like it might find the man at deep square but it was well back;
2.1;?;Archer to Finch, no run lovely delivery as Finch is caught on the crease against a good-length ball outside off and it zips past the outside edge. That was 95.8mph / 154.2kph!;
1.6;?;Wood to Smith, no run full outside off, 89mph/144kph, plinks a drive into the covers;
1.5;W;Wood to Carey, OUT edged, caught behind! What a start from England. Carey tries to give himself a touch of room to the leg side, shapes a drive at a good-length delivery but can only get a thin nick to Buttler;Alex Carey c ?Buttler b Wood 2 (7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 28.57;
1.4;1;Wood to Finch, 1 run good length at the stumps, flicked backward of square and Rashid tumbles down to make the save at short fine leg. Almost done by a bobble off the outfield;
1.3;1;Wood to Carey, 1 run top edged hook! A short ball on leg stump, gets underneath it but falls short of long leg...not much out of the middle so far;
1.2;?;Wood to Carey, no run fuller at middle and leg, 92mph/148kph, aims to whip it through the leg side but it deflects off the pads towards point;
1.1;?;Wood to Carey, no run over the wicket, 89mph/144kph, back of a length at middle, played back to the bowler;
0.6;1;Archer to Carey, 1 run missed run out chance! Short of a length, dropped square into the off side, there's all sorts of confusion between the batsmen. Moeen comes in from gully, can't quite underarm it into the stumps;
0.5;?;Archer to Carey, no run beaten again! 91mph, fuller outside off, Carey is caught a little flat-footed as he reaches out to drive;
0.4;?;Archer to Carey, no run Archer is flying, keeps it short of a length and this rises through to Buttler as Carey stays inside the line;
0.3;W;Archer to Warner, OUT given caught behind, and Warner has reviewed straight away! He made the call in the instant he was given. Another cracking delivery, short of a length, nips back at Warner and beats the inside edge, but the replay shows that glanced the glove!;David Warner c ?Buttler b Archer 0 (3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
0.2;?;Archer to Warner, no run what a brute! This climbs from back of a length, Warner has to jump out of the line as it carries at head height to Buttler;
0.1;?;Archer to Warner, no run nice zippy opening delivery, good length outside off, Warner allows it to go through;

The players are in the middle. Archer has the ball in hand. Two slips in place
2.10pm Thanks Alan. Right, how does this work again? Great to be back
Nick Berry: "Gonna try and demonstrate my multitasking ability this afternoon. Conduct Japanese language homework, iron my way through a family of four pile of clothes, watch England replace Australia as the No1 T20 side and follow Alan G's ball by ball on Cricinfo!"
Zulfiqar: "Tough times for Alex Carey .He has to perform in this game else his position in T20 will come under scrutiny." Will be interesting to see how he develops. Went all the last home summer without batting in six T20Is
Bill Lee: "Welcome back, Gnasher. How does it feel to be back in action?" Very exciting. Been a long winter
2.10pm: Right, we're almost ready to get started, so time for me to hand over to Gnasher, in his first competitive outing since February. Give him a few throwdowns, won't you...?
2.05pm: Sad times in English cricket, meanwhile, with the news that the Duke of Bellington is hanging up his bat at the end of the season. Only a few more opportunities to see that silky cover drive in action, but he's going nicely in his final first-class match - and there's plenty of action taking place around the counties in the final round of Bob Willis Trophy fixtures.
"Reckon it's criminal Willey isn't in the team," declares AussieBren. "I know Ireland isn't quite the same challenge as Australia but the man did his best and performed well! Poor guy, deserved his chances"
"We talk about Curran, we talk about Willey...since when did Chris Woakes fall behind the line ? Genuine swing and seam bowler and at a faster clip as well ....why is he not in the reckoning anymore?" Just doesn't play the format enough, Vishal (albeit he has had IPL deals in recent memory). But like Joe Root he's a Test/ODI pick at the moment
1.55pm: England's quicks did well at the death the other night... but can they manage a Powerplay wicket today? England have only taken three in eight T20Is going back to last year's New Zealand tour (and two of them were to Moeen Ali). If Finch and David Warner make it through the first six again, the absence of a swing bowler like Sam Curran - not to mention the currently exiled David Willey - is going to come up for discussion.
"With Roy coming back soon and Bairstow likely to move down a place, Banton will be very keen to show that he can make runs without having to open. Malan has made a decent case but will he be brave enough to try to start a big more aggressively, which seems to be the main knock on him?" Yes, John, it's the 10 off 10 scenario and then not going which counts against Malan... although, to be fair, he seems to be going on plenty well at the moment, given his world-beating stats
"I really don't think rustiness is that much of a factor," reckons Isaac Marshall. "In all the sports I've seen return, for the top pros it doesn't seem an issue. Pakistan were pretty good and even tough mental sports like darts haven't been affected by lack of games." England were pretty scratchy in that opening Test against West Indies... but, to be fair, I don't think Australia have been looking to use it as an excuse
Here's Tahir Syed: "Good decision by Aus after avoiding more pressure part of a T20, which is chasing. England had recently chased two 190 targets against Pakistan. Aussies have to put something formidable on the board accordingly. Let's see."
1.45pm: Australia win the toss and choose to bat, Aaron Finch says "it looks a decent wicket, might slow up with the sun out later on". Australia are unchanged, although Finch concedes they may look to change things up with the order according to match situation. Eoin Morgan says England wanted to bowl, so "no objections". Same XI for the men in red, too. "Nice to be 1-0 up but a lot of improvement to be made today," Morgan adds.
Australia: 1 David Warner, 2 Aaron Finch (capt), 3 Steven Smith, 4 Glenn Maxwell, 5 Marcus Stoinis, 6 Alex Carey (wk), 7 Ashton Agar, 8 Pat Cummins, 9 Mitchell Starc, 10 Kane Richardson, 11 Adam Zampa
England: 1 Jos Buttler (wk), 2 Jonny Bairstow, 3 Dawid Malan, 4 Tom Banton, 5 Eoin Morgan (capt), 6 Moeen Ali, 7 Tom Curran, 8 Chris Jordan, 9 Adil Rashid, 10 Jofra Archer, 11 Mark Wood
1.40pm: Here's some more from Matt at the ground: "Jason Roy fit enough to be taking part in the warm-up football rondos. Thought Sam Curran might come in but doesn't seem to have been doing much bowling in the middle. Someone who was is Joe Denly, who could come into the middle order for Tom Banton, or replace Mark Wood and change the balance of the side."
1.30pm: With six overs to go in the first match, it seemed the No. 1-ranked T20I side would be heading towards a processional victory. Instead, they're now looking over their shoulder at No. 2, with England able to knock them off top with another win today. Pat Cummins, Australia's vice-captain, has hinted they will persist with Marcus Stoinis in the middle order, despite previous indications he was being considered as a top-three option. England's tactics in closing out the game the other day were particularly interesting, with only one yorker bowled in the last four overs - testament to reading the conditions and deciding to hammer a length, according to Chris Jordan.
Here's JI Pearce: "Sorry, don't buy into this 'Australia were rusty/haven't played for 6 months'. Their squad has been together over a month, also playing four intra-squad games before Friday's game." Nothing like the real thing, though, surely?
1.15pm Hello there, welcome to our live coverage of the second T20I between England and Australia. The hosts are 1-0 up after successfully sliding a banana peel beneath a runaway Australia chase on Friday night. That two-run win highlighted problems with the tourists' middle order (although we can probably cut them a bit of slack since they've not played in six months) and also showed what England might be capable of with a first-choice bowling attack on display. But what's in store today? "Few hints of sun through the clouds at the Ageas," says Matt Roller, our man in the bubble, and you can get up to speed with Andrew McGlashan's preview ahead of news of the toss and teams in a bit.
 Innings Start
6pm: So, England take the series, 2-0 up with one to play - but they'll need to win that if they want to seal the No. 1 ranking. Matt's report is in and we'll be back for some more tonktastic action on Tuesday. Thanks for the comments, see you all again then. Bye!
5.46pm: Presentations time, starting with Australia's Aaron Finch: "When you fail to get one of the openers out, who's a great player, you miss out. Thought if we matched their Powerplay, we could come out on top, we didn't pick up enough wickets. [Pitch?] Did a bit more than we expected, it seamed a bit. We thought it would start slow and get slower. We wanted wickets and to get into their middle order, need early wickets in this game. If he's hitting balls over fielders heads, you can wear it. [Spin right tactic at death?] Thought it was, maybe quicks in last couple, but thought spin was hardest to hit. Needed wickets to win the game. [Change selection for final game?] Not that far out from World Cup, important to drill our basics and get game time as a group."
England captain Eoin Morgan: "Pretty comprehensive, can't fault any facets. Put in a better bowling performance, to make inroads on a wicket like that was fantastic. Made life a bit easier throughout the middle. We were happy chasing down that total. Wicket was a bit soft on top, wanted to bowl first. We wanted to be aggressive, Jofra set the tone in the first over. Thought if we played smartly we would chase it down, with a world-class player like Jos at the top. [Buttler locked in at opener?] We'll look at options, want to get the best out of Jos whether it's at the top or middle order. [Finger?] Just sore at the moment, we'll see over next couple of days. Looking to play out best XI throughout."
Jos Buttler is Man of the Match for his unbeaten 77 off 54: [Opening?] "Best place to bat in T20s, wicket got a bit better and that was a manageable target. The guys bowled well up top and pegged them back. If we got through 2-3 opening overs and settled down, we got a partnership going with Dawid and that set us up. Every time Dawid's got a chance he does brilliantly, and at the end Moeen said he was happy to take on the legspinner turning it into him. When someone hits those two boundaries it takes the pressure off. [Finish it yourself?] The game can change quickly, bit of a tricky surface so you want to take ownership and see your team over the line."
5.38pm: Tension, what tension? If you do it that way, Jos Buttler can be both opener and finisher... A couple of minor wobbles but England saw things through pretty calmly in the end. Buttler and Dawid Malan set the platform, after Jonny Bairstow struck his own stumps, and then Moeen Ali struck two pressure-easing boundaries just when the game was getting tight
Here's Mayank: "What sort of captaincy this is? Zampa bowling 19th over when you have Kane's 2 overs left, Cummins left with 1 too. Zampa had given 47 in last game also on same pitch against same team. If I can remember this, why can't Finch?"
Adnan's thinking the same: "Poor captaincy.. should have been Cummins n Richardson for final 2 overs."
"Brilliant stuff from Ali," gasps Finn. "Just brilliant!!!"
And amit has been keeping score in the Moeen Ali Game (copyright Philip M McCart): "Moeen bowled one over, conceded 8 runs, and played 6 balls, scored 13 runs."
18.5;6;Zampa to Buttler, SIX runs wins it with a straight six! Buttler waltzes out and mows Zampa over the sight screen, a monster hit to finish - England win by six wickets with seven balls to spare!;
18.4;1;Zampa to Ali, 1 run lobbed up and he comes across to stab through point;
18.3;4;Zampa to Ali, FOUR runs rifled over cover, Moeen has stepped up to the plate here! Stays still, opens the body up and drills this wide of long-off;
18.2;6;Zampa to Ali, SIX runs pongo from Mo! Always a risk bowling spin this late into the game... Moeen dances out and smashes it over long-off for six!;
18.1;1;Zampa to Buttler, 1 run pushes through the legbreak outside off, Buttler goes back and steers a drive square;
17.6;1;Agar to Buttler, 1 run tossed up and Buttler takes the safety first approach with a bunt down to long-off;
17.5;1;Agar to Ali, 1 run full outside off, plays a late dab towards short third man and sets off;
17.4;?;Agar to Ali, no run lobbed up wide of off, Moeen dances down but can only jam the ball to short midwicket;
17.3;1;Agar to Buttler, 1 run tucked into a gap leg side, just the single;
17.2;1;Agar to Ali, 1 run slung down wide of the stumps from round the wicket, Moeen rocks back and cuts through point;
17.1;1;Agar to Buttler, 1 run flattish delivery outside off and Buttler prods it for one;
16.6;W;Zampa to Morgan, OUT slapped on the up, straight to cover, Maxwell grabs a head-height chance! No doubt about this, Morgan shakes his head and trudges off, looking to go hard right to the end and it's given Australia another window of opportunity;Eoin Morgan c Maxwell b Zampa 7 (6b 1x4 0x6) SR: 116.66;
16.5;?;Zampa to Morgan, no run attempts to sweep this time, hit on the front pad and Australia go up... in fact, Finch has reviewed Michael Burns' not-out decision. Looked like he was outside the line of off, to me, maybe not spinning enough either. Yep, umpire's call on impact, missing off stump;
16.4;4;Zampa to Morgan, FOUR runs smoked down the ground! Fullish in the slot and Morgan just plants the front foot and belts through the line;
16.3;1;Zampa to Buttler, 1 run lobbed up on the stumps and worked behind square;
16.2;4;Zampa to Buttler, FOUR runs drilled through the covers! Buttler stands tall and threads the needle between short extra and the man on the edge of the ring!;
16.1;1;Zampa to Morgan, 1 run over the wicket, flighted legbreak and Morgan gets tucked up reverse-sweeping, dobbles behind square for one;
15.6;?;Agar to Buttler, no run appeal for lbw as Buttler paddles leg side, then sets off blindly, Morgan sends him back... No way that was straightening enough on middle and leg;
15.5;1;Agar to Morgan, 1 run tosses this up straight and again Morgan nurdles one to the leg side;
15.4;1;Agar to Buttler, 1 run looped up on leg stump, clipped through square as he closes the face;
15.3;1;Agar to Morgan, 1 run pushed through on the stumps and Morgan turns to leg playing around his pad;
15.2;W;Agar to Banton, OUT Banton holes out now! Slog-swept but picks out the man at deep backwards square... Is is happening again?? Wickets are just what Australia need, and Agar has his second. Poor shot choice, really;Tom Banton c Cummins b Agar 2 (4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
15.1;1;Agar to Buttler, 1 run tossed up and punched down the ground;
14.6;?;Starc to Banton, no run flung down full and straight, "awwws!" among the fielders as Banton blocks to leg;
14.5;2;Starc to Banton, 2 runs short of a length outside off, 87mph/139kph and steered through backward point, behind the sweeper and Banton gets off the mark with two;
14.4;1lb;Starc to Buttler, 1 leg bye speared into the pads, deflected into the leg side for a leg bye;
14.4;1w;Starc to Buttler, 1 wide dug in short, Buttler swings and can't connect... wide on height;
14.3;?;Starc to Buttler, no run full length, 88mph/141kph and Buttler can only prod this to the man at cover;
14.2;?;Starc to Buttler, no run fuller on off, tapped into the covers;
14.1;2;Starc to Buttler, 2 runs short ball from round the wicket, 91mph/147kph and he flicks behind square on the leg side, comes back for two;
13.6;?;Agar to Banton, no run flighted, this spins a touch as Banton drops back and dabs it down softly;
13.5;1;Agar to Buttler, 1 run punched down the ground for one;
13.4;4;Agar to Buttler, FOUR runs reverse-sweeps behind the sweeper now! Stoinis had moved straighter in response to the first shot and is then dragged the other way by a rasping swipe through square;
13.3;4;Agar to Buttler, FOUR runs not quite to the pitch, extends the arms... donked in front of extra cover! Didn't seem as if he'd got hold of it but powered away to the rope;
13.2;W;Agar to Malan, OUT Malan plinks one to deep midwicket! Agar breaks through, chips out the in-form Malan and ends the second-wicket stand... Picked his area, looking to slog-sweep with the spin, but didn't quite get hold of it and Stoinis took a straightforward catch running around;Dawid Malan c Stoinis b Agar 42 (32b 7x4 0x6) SR: 131.25;
13.1;1;Agar to Buttler, 1 run tossed up and tickled down the ground for one;
12.6;1;Cummins to Buttler, 1 run short ball, sits up as he cracks a pull to deep square;
12.5;4;Cummins to Buttler, FOUR runs dug in short, 90mph and swatted on the pull! Dispatched behind square, Agar can't get around on the rope;
12.4;?;Cummins to Buttler, no run back of a length, back off and steered towards backward point - "Nooo!!" the call;
12.3;1;Cummins to Malan, 1 run full and straight, 90mph/145kph and flicked away through backward square leg;
12.2;4;Cummins to Malan, FOUR runs thrashed over cover, 91mph/147kph from Cummins but it's a hittable length and he just makes room and swings hard through the line!;
12.1;1;Cummins to Buttler, 1 run short outside off, maybe a cutter and Buttler is up on his toes to clip through point;
11.6;1;Agar to Buttler, 1 run flat delivery on off stump, Buttler bunts down to long-off - eight off the over, England exactly on the RRR;
11.5;1;Agar to Malan, 1 run pushed through and nurdled off the pads;
11.4;?;Agar to Malan, no run tries to come down, Agar slows his pace up, missed flicking across the line;
11.3;1;Agar to Buttler, 1 run tossed up, Buttler walks across and prods through the off side;
11.2;4;Agar to Buttler, FOUR runs fired in full, Buttler reverse-gumbos through backward point! Fast hands, rapped away past the man on the edge of the ring;
11.1;1;Agar to Malan, 1 run round the wicket, tossed up on leg and Malan reverse-sweeps one into the covers;
10.6;2;Kane Richardson to Buttler, 2 runs back of a length as Buttler shimmies across, nudges this into a gap leg side... Buttler taking it up a notch in that over, 12 fuss-free runs added;
10.5;4;Kane Richardson to Buttler, FOUR runs rammed through the covers for four! Not a bad ball, 87mph/139kph, full length with scrambled seam, somehow Buttler wrists it through the off side and it races away!;
10.4;2;Kane Richardson to Buttler, 2 runs short, 84mph/136kph at the body and swatted leg side, Buttler immediately wants two with Stoinis running in from deep midwicket, and gets it;
10.3;2;Kane Richardson to Buttler, 2 runs stroked through the covers, just a push in front of the sweeper for a couple;
10.2;1;Kane Richardson to Malan, 1 run short on the hip at 83mph and Malan swats it to fine leg for one;
10.1;1;Kane Richardson to Buttler, 1 run length outside off, 83mph/134kph and Buttler dabs this into the off side for a single - he's been content to tick at around a run a ball so far;
9.6;?;Zampa to Malan, no run played off the back foot into the off side;
9.5;?;Zampa to Malan, no run full outside off, Malan steps across and works it back along the pitch;
9.4;1;Zampa to Buttler, 1 run full at the stumps and pushed down to long-off;
9.3;1;Zampa to Malan, 1 run a delicate dab from wide outside off, walked right across the crease, can't beat Starc at short third man;
9.2;4;Zampa to Malan, FOUR runs strong thump! Stand and deliver this time from Malan, just gives himself a hint of room and swings cleanly straight down the ground;
9.1;4;Zampa to Malan, FOUR runs another reverse sweep, this time against a very full ball outside off and it scurries past Carey's boot down to third man;
8.6;1;Maxwell to Malan, 1 run full at the stumps, pushed down the ground to long-off;
8.5;1;Maxwell to Buttler, 1 run round the wicket, steps outside leg and drives to long-off;
8.4;1;Maxwell to Malan, 1 run hint of turn again, Malan aiming to the leg side and gets an outside edge to short third man;
8.3;?;Maxwell to Malan, no run well bowled, beats him outside off with one that grips and spins away;
8.2;4;Maxwell to Malan, FOUR runs back-to-back boundaries...excellent footwork, moves to the leg side, opens up the off and square cuts wide of backward point;
8.1;4;Maxwell to Malan, FOUR runs goes for the reverse sweep, gets it over point and places it well enough to beat deep cover running around the rope;
7.6;1;Zampa to Malan, 1 run full at middle, clipped down the ground to long-on. Good start from Zampa. Back-to-back tight overs from spin;
7.5;?;Zampa to Malan, no run nicely bowled, tossed up at middle and leg, the googly, slides off the face to short third man;
7.4;1;Zampa to Buttler, 1 run down the pitch, almost yorks himself, skews off the toe end to short third man;
7.3;1;Zampa to Malan, 1 run goes down on his back knee and slog sweeps out to deep midwicket, didn't connect as cleanly as he wanted;
7.2;1;Zampa to Buttler, 1 run skips down the pitch again, worked along the ground into midwicket;
7.1;?;Zampa to Buttler, no run uses his feet straightaway and drills a drive into the non-striker, gets denied a run;
6.6;1;Maxwell to Buttler, 1 run flatter delivery, pulled through midwicket and this time they can't make the second. Tidy start from Maxwell;
6.5;?;Maxwell to Buttler, no run shorter outside off but he can't find the gap as he drives onto the covers;
6.4;2;Maxwell to Buttler, 2 runs fuller, at the stumps, worked into midwicket and that's excellent running to make the second;
6.3;1;Maxwell to Malan, 1 run tucked off the pads through square leg;
6.2;1;Maxwell to Buttler, 1 run goes deep in the crease and knocks a straight delivery into midwicket;
6.1;?;Maxwell to Buttler, no run round the wicket, pushed to the covers;
5.6;4;Cummins to Malan, FOUR runs loses his shape on this heave, but gets a boundary as it skews off a thick inside edge wide of short fine leg;
5.5;?;Cummins to Malan, no run full outside off, nicely driven but finds cover;
5.5;1w;Cummins to Malan, 1 wide banged in short, flies over Malan's head and it's called wide on height;
5.4;?;Cummins to Malan, no run ouch! Malan misses the pull and gets whacked in the stomach You could hear the cry of 'oh, no';
5.3;1;Cummins to Buttler, 1 run goes for it again, a full toss this time, Buttler misses out as he finds cover with the drive...Agar intercepts with a dive;
5.2;?;Cummins to Buttler, no run a yorker outside off stump, driven firmly but straight to cover;
5.1;1;Cummins to Malan, 1 run back of a length at off stump, angled down to third man;
4.6;4;Starc to Buttler, FOUR runs short outside leg stump, poor ball, Buttler manages to catch up with it with a toe-ended pull wide of short fine leg...good over in the end for England;
4.5;1;Starc to Malan, 1 run full and straight, flicked in the air over the square leg straight to the deep man;
4.4;4;Starc to Malan, FOUR runs latches on with the pull this time, short of a length and he whips it through midwicket off one leg;
4.4;1w;Starc to Malan, 1 wide full, pushed down the leg side, Starc just lets that one get away from him;
4.3;?;Starc to Malan, no run a strangled appeal for caught behind as Malan misses a pull, the ball glances off the back leg to Carey;
4.2;?;Starc to Malan, no run back of a length, no width on offer, Malan takes his bottom hand off the bat as it runs off the face to point;
4.1;?;Starc to Malan, no run good length at off stump, opens the face and finds backward point;
3.6;6;Kane Richardson to Buttler, SIX runs and that breaks the run of dots...a dismissive thump over mid-on from a perfectly good length delivery, Buttler got onto the front foot and crunched it down the ground. Into the rope on the full;
3.5;?;Kane Richardson to Buttler, no run short of a length at off stump, a bottom-handed flick into midwicket...four dot balls in a row;
3.4;?;Kane Richardson to Buttler, no run uses his feet, comes at the bowler, bunts it straight back to him;
3.3;?;Kane Richardson to Buttler, no run well bowled, tight line outside off, Buttler can't thread a gap in the covers;
3.2;?;Kane Richardson to Buttler, no run good length outside off, pushed to the covers;
3.1;1;Kane Richardson to Malan, 1 run over the wicket, full at leg stump, clipped into midwicket;
2.6;1;Starc to Malan, 1 run angled into the pads, clipped behind square;
2.5;W;Starc to Bairstow, OUT he's hit his own stumps! Out hit wicket. Was a quick short ball outside off, Bairstow was beaten as he went for the pull and as his bat swung around from the shot it tapped leg stump. Odd way to go, big wicket for Australia;Jonny Bairstow hit wicket b Starc 9 (11b 2x4 0x6) SR: 81.81;
2.4;?;Starc to Bairstow, no run a straight full toss, 90mph/145kph, driven to the covers;
2.3;?;Starc to Bairstow, no run tries again, but loses his shape this time, the bottom hand drags this into the leg side;
2.2;4;Starc to Bairstow, FOUR runs that's a better shot! Full outside off, a fantastically crisp straight drive rockets off his bat;
2.1;4;Starc to Bairstow, FOUR runs throws his hands into a drive, on the up over mid-off, not perfectly timed but a handsome stroke as he took advantage of some width;
1.6;?;Cummins to Buttler, no run big appeal for lbw! Fantastic yorker, knocks Buttler off his feet, but no review this time. Right on the boot, missing leg stump;
1.5;4;Cummins to Buttler, FOUR runs great shot! Moves to the leg side again and this time plays to the off, threads the covers with a wonderfully crisp drive;
1.4;1;Cummins to Bairstow, 1 run good length outside off, angled into backward point. A direct hit from Maxwell and they'll check with the third umpire. Buttler didn't ground his bat, just ran across the crease, but got his foot down well in time;
1.3;1;Cummins to Buttler, 1 run backs away to the leg side and then crunches a pull when Cummins saw him moving, banged it in short, finds deep square leg;
1.2;?;Cummins to Buttler, no run edged, but doesn't carry to slip! Buttler almost looking to steer this towards third man;
1.1;?;Cummins to Buttler, no run good start, back of a length, hits the bat hard as Buttler defends to the on side;
0.6;4lb;Starc to Bairstow, 4 leg byes spoils the over, although it's not off the bat, swinging into the pads and it deflects just wide of Carey;
0.5;?;Starc to Bairstow, no run full outside off, 92mph/148kph, a bottom-handed drive back to the bowler;
0.4;?;Starc to Bairstow, no run good length at middle and leg, hint of swing, takes the pad again;
0.3;?;Starc to Bairstow, no run full, wider outside off, driven without any timing to the off side;
0.2;?;Starc to Bairstow, no run huge appeal for lbw! Full, swings in at leg stump, probably doing too much as Bairstow plays across the line but Finch has called the review. Takes the back leg in the end. Yep, missing leg stump. Umpires' call on impact as well for what it's worth;
0.1;1;Starc to Buttler, 1 run over the wicket, short of a length, played with a straight bat and it runs off a thick inside edge to the leg side;

Hello folks, Gnasher back with you. Think this is a decent total in the end. We shall see...
 Innings Start
Australia
England
2nd T20I, Southampton, Sep 6 2020, Australia tour of England
157/7
158/4
Player of the match is Jos Buttler, ENG
England won by 6 wickets (with 7 balls remaining)
