Data
9.05pm: Well, just the ten boundaries tells most of the story for South Africa, who have lurched back into familiar territory when it comes to T20 in Oz. They'll want to put that performance in Room 101, though Cummins and Boyce, in particular, bowled superbly. SA will have to supersize their bowling effort from Adelaide if they're going to match that maiden victory and clinch the series - however, only once has a team defended a lower score than 101 from a full allocation of overs.
Still, Mark isn't ready to call this one: "@Tanya - It is always wise to watch both sides bat before passing judgement. Maybe it is diabolical, or maybe Australia won't do any better. We'll know in about an hour."
If you're African, it's been a grim hour or so, as Zimbabwe managed to toss away the second Test against Bangladesh too. Anyway, I'll be back in 15... Don't go anywhere.
19.6;1;Cummins to Parnell, 1 run in the blockhole and Parnell manages to club another single back past the bowler - Cummins and Australia won't mind that, they've managed to limit South Africa to just 101;
19.5;1;Cummins to Abbott, 1 run length ball on middle stump, Abbott drives off the back foot, Cameron White picks it up to his left at extra cover, swivels and throws... a direct hit would do it but the ball bounces safely by. That's the Saffer 100 up;
19.4;1;Cummins to Parnell, 1 run slower ball from Cummins this time, room for Parnell to swing the arms, chops one through mid-off;
19.3;?;Cummins to Parnell, no run back of a length, flying through over the stumps, Parnell leans back and fails to connect;
19.2;?;Cummins to Parnell, no run excellent bouncer from Cummins, again Parnell swipes at thin air;
19.1;1;Cummins to Abbott, 1 run good pace from Cummins, an inside edge deflects on to the pads, they steal one as the bowler pounds down the pitch in his follow through;
18.6;?;Faulkner to Parnell, no run back of a length, again can't get it away;
18.5;?;Faulkner to Parnell, no run takes the pace off, outside the line of off stump, bottom-edged through to the keeper;
18.4;W;Faulkner to Duminy, OUT Duminy hoicks a fullish ball high towards wide long-off - but it's taken on the run by Finch! The Aussies are waltzing here, they've nipped out the SA captain and still the score is below 100. The umpires checked for the no-ball but he had a smidge of rubber behind the line;Jean-Paul Duminy c Finch b Faulkner 49 (51b 3x4 1x6) SR: 96.07;
18.3;2;Faulkner to Duminy, 2 runs on the stumps, squeezes one out into the leg side;
18.2;?;Faulkner to Duminy, no run advances, length ball from Faulkner, maybe a change of pace and Duminy misses heaving across the line;
18.1;2;Faulkner to Duminy, 2 runs pitched up, nicely timed back down the ground and they get two as long-on jogs across to cut it off;
9.6;?;Cummins to Behardien, no run Behardien is done for pace here, the ball coming on at a clip and deflecting off the thigh pad behind square;
9.5;?;Cummins to Behardien, no run sharp bouncer, at the batsman, who takes evasive action;
9.4;1;Cummins to Duminy, 1 run short of a length and pushed across the left-hander, Duminy gets on top of it and steers through point;
9.3;1;Cummins to Behardien, 1 run full again, not quite yorker length, punched towards mid-on for another single;
9.2;1;Cummins to Duminy, 1 run back of a length, goes across and runs the ball down to third man;
9.1;1;Cummins to Behardien, 1 run fullish line on off stump, turned through the leg side for a single;
8.6;1;Boyce to Behardien, 1 run tossed up outside off stump and pushed into the covers for a single;
8.5;?;Boyce to Behardien, no run flighted, nice and straight, clumped towards mid-on and there's all sorts going on here! The ball bounces short of Faulkner but he snatches it and fires off a throw, Duminy is way down the pitch... but Boyce tries to deflect the ball on to the stumps first time, rather than collect it, which he had time to do;
8.4;W;Boyce to Hendricks, OUT done him, Hendricks is down the river and stumped without a paddle! Superb work from Boyce, lured the batsman out but the ball dipped and he was nowhere near the pitch, just enough spin to go past the outside edge and he had no chance of regaining his ground;Reeza Hendricks st ?Dunk b Boyce 18 (22b 2x4 0x6) SR: 81.81;
8.3;1;Boyce to Duminy, 1 run tossed up on the stumps, leans over the ball and flicks to the leg side;
8.2;1;Boyce to Hendricks, 1 run a touch straighter, Henricks waits on it and pushes a single into the leg side;
8.1;?;Boyce to Hendricks, no run lovely delivery to begin with, flighted and straightening to slip past the outside edge as Hendricks plays forward;
17.6;1;Cummins to Duminy, 1 run touch short of a length, runs a single to third man;
17.5;W;Cummins to McLaren, OUT another short ball, McLaren takes this one... and top edges to fine leg running in! This is pretty ordinary from South Africa, they're now six down and Cummins has the wicket he deserves. Dug in and angled across, McLaren was never in control of the shot and Faulkner hared in to take a good catch;Ryan McLaren c Faulkner b Cummins 1 (4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
17.4;?;Cummins to McLaren, no run another feisty bumper, McLaren had enough of those from Mitch Johnson earlier this year and sensibly ducks;
17.3;?;Cummins to McLaren, no run slightly back of a length outside off stump, attempted steer to third man misses out;
17.2;1;Cummins to Duminy, 1 run short and swatted through midwicket for another single;
17.1;1;Cummins to McLaren, 1 run length ball, little bit of width and McLaren swings hard, gets a thick edge down to third man;
16.6;W;Faulkner to Miller, OUT scooped high into the leg side, there's a man under this... gottim! Miller's time is up, aiming for the same boundary that Duminy cleared a few balls ago, got under it but didn't have the distance, taken comfortably a few yards in from the fence;David Miller c Cummins b Faulkner 11 (15b 1x4 0x6) SR: 73.33;
16.5;4;Faulkner to Miller, FOUR runs sliced and beyond the fingertips of backward point! Miller threw the hands at that, just managed to clear the man and it runs away for four;
16.4;1;Faulkner to Duminy, 1 run slightly shorter, goes for the pull to leg again, gets a single to long-on;
16.3;6;Faulkner to Duminy, SIX runs fetch that! Length ball from Faulkner and Duminy finally sends one over the ropes, meaty swing to leg and the ball sailed h-i-i-i-i-i-g-h over deep square leg;
16.2;1;Faulkner to Miller, 1 run pitched up on middle and leg, flicked fine but they don't manage a second, think Miller slipped when turning;
16.1;1;Faulkner to Duminy, 1 run steps to leg and shovels through midwicket as Faulkner follows him with the ball;
7.6;?;Cummins to Duminy, no run pitched up a fraction wide, Duminy reaches for the drive and finds the diving Maxwell equal to it at backward point again - a precious maiden for Postman Pat, who delivers again;
7.5;?;Cummins to Duminy, no run shortish, outside off, chopped into the ground straight to backward point;
7.4;?;Cummins to Duminy, no run short again and climbing, this time he crouches out of harm's way;
7.3;?;Cummins to Duminy, no run short again, width encourages Duminy to have a dip, 139kph delivery flies through past the flailing bat edge;
7.2;?;Cummins to Duminy, no run shorter length, 136kph and Duminy has to hop back and get his bat behind it;
7.1;?;Cummins to Duminy, no run starts on a decent length, around off stump, Duminy plays it carefully back;
6.6;2;Maxwell to Hendricks, 2 runs worked away into the leg side and for a minute it looks as they might struggle for a second but Hendricks whirs back and makes his ground comfortably in the end;
6.5;?;Maxwell to Hendricks, no run floated up on off stump, pushed back to the bowler;
6.4;?;Maxwell to Hendricks, no run pushes this through a bit quicker, extra bounce beats the bat as Hendricks chops at it;
6.3;1;Maxwell to Duminy, 1 run flat trajectory, on middle and off stump, Duminy begins to close the face and gets a leading edge through mid-off;
6.2;1;Maxwell to Hendricks, 1 run tossed up, drifting across the right-hander, who plinks one into a gap at cover;
6.1;4;Maxwell to Hendricks, FOUR runs starts around the wicket, full and outside off and Hendricks drives, gets a thick edge wide of the keeper for a couple;
5.6;4;Bollinger to Duminy, FOUR runs lovely stroke from JP, leans into a slightly overpitched delivery and spanks it straight back down the ground for four;
5.5;1;Bollinger to Hendricks, 1 run good length on middle and leg, closes the face and works into a gap at midwicket, Maxwell scampers across to keep them to a single;
5.4;1;Bollinger to Duminy, 1 run fuller and sliding on to the pads, Duminyn nibbles one more through backward square;
5.3;1;Bollinger to Hendricks, 1 run short of a length, Hendricks is quickly on to it, swivel-pulls in the air towards deep backward square, who takes it on the bounce;
5.2;?;Bollinger to Hendricks, no run pitched up, Hendricks drives, a bump ball into the hands of Bollinger as he follows through;
5.1;?;Bollinger to Hendricks, no run over the wicket and sliding across, defended coming forwards;
4.6;1;Abbott to Hendricks, 1 run straight lines and Hendricks shovels one more to the leg side;
4.5;4;Abbott to Hendricks, FOUR runs oh, me and my mouth... this is crumped through midwicket, who could smell the freshly mown hay, that was so agricultural but it brings Hendricks four, shuffling back and roundhousing four;
4.4;?;Abbott to Hendricks, no run good lines, Hendricks is struggling to work the ball around here, blocked back down the pitch;
4.3;1;Abbott to Duminy, 1 run on the stumps, worked across the line to the leg side for another quick single;
4.2;?;Abbott to Duminy, no run swing and miss this time, little bit of extra bounce for Abbott and the ball zips through;
4.1;4;Abbott to Duminy, FOUR runs bit of width, Duminy rattles the hands through a rapier cut stroke and the ball flashes to the boundary;
3.6;?;Faulkner to Hendricks, no run good length, straightens a touch off the angle, Hendricks is hit on the padding and Faulkner asks the questions - possibly too high;
3.5;1;Faulkner to Duminy, 1 run on the stumps, worked into a gap in the leg side for one;
3.4;1;Faulkner to Hendricks, 1 run chipped back towards mid-off on the bounce and Hendricks takes on the arm, not sure who the fielder was but the throw missed with all three stumps to hit. Actually, Hendricks was in anyway;
3.3;1;Faulkner to Duminy, 1 run pitched up, tempting the drive and Duminy gets a low edge, falls short of keeper and slip... in fact, it bobbles between them and they pinch one;
3.2;?;Faulkner to Duminy, no run length delivery, Duminy comes forward on off stump, tapped into the covers;
3.1;?;Faulkner to Duminy, no run bounds in, length ball around off stump, watchfully played into the off side;
2.6;1;Bollinger to Duminy, 1 run squares him up slightly, staying on the back foot, Duminy manages to control an outside edge through gully for a single to get off the mark;
2.5;?;Bollinger to Duminy, no run this flies through again from Bollinger, cuts Duminy in half as he tries to paddle across the line;
2.4;?;Bollinger to Duminy, no run good length, 138kph on off stump, presents a straight bat coming forwards;
2.3;1;Bollinger to Hendricks, 1 run shortish, Hendricks rocks back and clothes a pull down towards fine leg for one;
2.2;?;Bollinger to Hendricks, no run on the stumps, Hendricks defends this time;
2.1;?;Bollinger to Hendricks, no run angled across the right-hander, who sits back and steers the ball to backward point on the bounce;
1.6;W;Faulkner to Rossouw, OUT got him, slower ball and this time the leading edge is snaffled by Faulkner! He's a canny lad in this form of the game, Faulkner, although his back-of-the-hand delivery was heading down the leg side. Rossouw was done by the lack of pace, heaved to leg again, the edge ballooned back down the pitch and the bowler clutched it diving to his right;Rilee Rossouw c & b Faulkner 12 (8b 3x4 0x6) SR: 150;
1.5;4;Faulkner to Rossouw, FOUR runs brutal! Nothing wrong with this ball from Faulkner, on a good length, off-stump line but Rossouw whips his hands across the line and crunches four to deep midwicket;
1.4;?;Faulkner to Rossouw, no run good lines from Faulkner, not offering any width, again Rossouw defends from the crease;
1.3;?;Faulkner to Rossouw, no run slightly back of a length, moves across outside off and taps back down the pitch;
1.2;1;Faulkner to Hendricks, 1 run full and straight, this is clipped of the pads through square for a single;
1.1;?;Faulkner to Hendricks, no run pitched up from over the wicket, around off stump, watchfully defended by Hendricks;
0.6;4;Bollinger to Rossouw, FOUR runs lofted straight down the ground, four more! Length ball from Bollinger and although Rossouw swung across the line, he managed to bisect mid-on and mid-off with a leading edge and again the ball scoots away;
0.5;4;Bollinger to Rossouw, FOUR runs Rossouw on the charge, airy drive through point and Bollinger wants this one too, shouts of "CATCH!" but it's between two fielders and sprints away to the rope;
0.4;?;Bollinger to Rossouw, no run Bollinger is hammering in, hitting the deck hard and this flies through above shoulder height as Rossouw swats wildly at it - Dougie thought there may have been some glove involved, but no. Took a superb leap from Dunk to snag it;
0.3;?;Bollinger to Rossouw, no run back of a length, shuffles across and defends safely down on to the pitch;
0.2;W;Bollinger to de Kock, OUT got him, extra pace and bounce and de Kock feathers through to Dunk! Nothing stroke from de Kock, just hung his bat out - but the ball fair zipped through off the surface, seamed a fraction, took a small but visible deflection off the edge and South Africa are one down;Quinton de Kock c ?Dunk b Bollinger 0 (2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
0.1;?;Bollinger to de Kock, no run on line this time, de Kock hops back and defends from the crease;
0.1;1w;Bollinger to de Kock, 1 wide left-arm over the wicket, starts on a shortish length but this slides down the leg side;

Right, Quinton de Kock is on strike, Doug the Rug has the ball in hand... the big-screen countdown is done with. Let's! Play! Ball!
7.30pm: We are almost ready for blast off - although, on the subject of pyrotechnics, Cricket Australia have decided to suspend the use of pitch-side flamethrowers, after Aaron Finch was nearly crispy-fried the other day when collecting a ball from the boundary. I'm not sure even KFC would want to be associated with that.
"Wow, I see someone from Latvia here!" exclaims Nils, who is also from the Baltic cricketing outpost. "I did not expect ever to witness that, given how far my country is from any cricket activities (I am sure 99% percent of population haven't even heard of it and 99% of the rest do not care) I first got to know this game, by chance stumbling on Sky Sports live coverage of 2003 World cup and on the process learned the rules."
7.15pm: So, Australia shake their bag and come up with a different XI. Can they pick up a different result? It's a mark of how jiggered the schedules are that only four days ago they were losing a Test to Pakistan in the UAE. Anyway, ours is not to wonder why.
"Good to see you have arrived," and it's good to see you too, Binay. "Maybe I am one of the very few spectators of this match from Latvia. ... Hope for a nice contest and for sure Bangladesh vs Zimbabwe is also worth watching right now. Good luck both teams..." If you like your thrills long-form, head over to Khulna and see if the Zimbos can hold on for the final session. But remember to come back!
"Fours and sixes aren't the only things we like. Sometimes four to six sessions of Aussies sweating in the field can be just as entertaining." Whoop and, indeed, whoop, Neill.
7.05pm: South Africa have won the toss and will bat, they have named an unchanged XI, so 19-year-old phenom Kagiso Rabada gets another crack. Australia were so impressed with Kyle Abbott's performance at Adelaide, they've brought in one of their own - Sean Abbott replaces Kane Richardson and Glenn Maxwell brings the eggs-factor in place of Ben Cutting. Cricket Australia's "digital news arm" have tweeted the following batting line-up but we'll have to wait and see on that score...
Australia: 1 Aaron Finch (capt), 2 Ben Dunk (wk), 3 Shane Watson, 4 Glenn Maxwell, 5 Cameron White, 6 Nathan Reardon, 7 James Faulkner, 8 Pat Cummins, 9 Sean Abbott, 10 Cameron Boyce, 11 Doug Bollinger
South Africa: 1 Quinton de Kock (wk), 2 Reeza Hendricks, 3 Rilee Rossouw, 4 JP Duminy (capt), 5 David Miller, 6 Farhaan Behardien, 7 Ryan McLaren, 8 Imran Tahir, 9 Wayne Parnell, 10 Kyle Abbott, 11 Kagiso Rabada
7pm: Good day and welcome to live and interactive coverage of the second T20 between Australia and South Africa. That's right, come and push my buttons. This series may have all the context of a cardboard box in the middle of the road... but Australia are 1-0 down and hoping to square things in front of a packed crowd at the 'G. And we all love fours and sixes, right? We'll have news of the toss shortly but why not cut yourself a slice of Daniel Brettig's preview and settle down to enjoy the (Big) Show.
 Innings Start
10.35pm: The lights have dimmed and so we will leave the stage. Can South Africa come back from a whupping, just as Australia did? Join us on Sunday to find out... Thanks for your comments, tatty-bye for now.
10.30pm: Talky time, we start with Cameron Boyce, who is named Man of the Match: "When you get a wrap from Warnie, that's nice. The other boys bowled really well, Paddy and Jimmy Faulkner, that makes my job a bit easier. I won't get too far ahead of myself, try and bowl well every game and hopefully that stuff [ODI selection] will take care of itself. I'm looking forward to Sydney, the series on the line, both team out to win."
South Africa captain JP Duminy: "We were outplayed in all forms today, there's a lot of learning. We know we need to come up with something to come back on Sunday. These things are good for youngsters, winning and losing, so we need to take a lot out of today. I was happy batting first but they blew us a way. Every time we started building partnership they took wickets, so it was difficult for us."
Australia captain Aaron Finch: "It's a special place to play cricket at any time, especially representing Australia. I stayed at home last night, didn't say anything [to the players], so that might have been it. The bowlers were outstanding, blew them away, the MCG isn't known for spinning so Cameron Boyce deserved his award. We bowled the offspinner to their left-handers, just trying something out. Nice to get some runs and a bit of red ink."
10.20pm: Australia have steamrollered this one, levelling the series at 1-1 with the decider to play in Sydney on Sunday. South Africa bombed from the high of Adelaide to a resounding defeat here, the batsmen unable to adapt to a quicker pitch and Australia gobbling up the meagre target. You'll be able to read Brydon "Cover Drive" Coverdale's match report on the site shortly and I'll bring you the post-match platitudes next.
12.4;1;Parnell to White, 1 run shorter, White shovels a loopy top-edged pull wide of square leg, it falls safely and that is that - Australia win by seven wickets with plenty to spare;
12.3;?;Parnell to White, no run good length around the line of off, hits the outside half of the bat and rolls square;
12.2;1;Parnell to Finch, 1 run back of a length, punched standing tall to mid-off and they scamper one to bring the scores level;
12.1;?;Parnell to Finch, no run pushed back to the bowler;
11.6;1;Rabada to Finch, 1 run length delivery, stays back and runs one behind square on the off side;
11.5;W;Rabada to Maxwell, OUT short and Maxwell swings himself off his little feet, top-edging to backward point! Rabada has his first international wicket, Maxwell caught slogging high to the edge of the circle second ball;Glenn Maxwell c Rossouw b Rabada 0 (2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
11.4;1;Rabada to Finch, 1 run slightly full and clubbed back, Rabada sticks out a hand but can't snag it, bounces short of Duminy at mid-off, whose throw is errant;
11.3;?;Rabada to Finch, no run length outside the line of off, tapped into the covers from the crease;
11.2;2;Rabada to Finch, 2 runs fuller and on the stumps, nudged through square on the leg side for a couple;
11.1;4;Rabada to Finch, FOUR runs or maybe not... short of a length and straying to leg from Rabada, Finch only needs to get some bat on it and the ball races to long leg for four;
10.6;?;Parnell to Maxwell, no run good length on off stump, White opens the face and dabs in front of square but quickly nips back to his crease as the fielder homes in;
10.5;W;Parnell to Watson, OUT oh, he's gone, plugged a drive to mid-off! Warne has jinxed him... Watson was trying to hit the cover off every delivery and Parnell has been gifted a second wicket, didn't get the elevation he was looking for;Shane Watson c Abbott b Parnell 30 (23b 5x4 0x6) SR: 130.43;
10.4;?;Parnell to Watson, no run short again, climbing rapidly through and this time Watson swings and misses;
10.3;?;Parnell to Watson, no run touch full, on middle stump and clubbed to the mid-on fielder;
10.2;?;Parnell to Watson, no run dug in very short and Watson elects to duck;
10.1;?;Parnell to Watson, no run pitched up full and straight, Watson whips it off his toes to midwicket;
9.6;?;Rabada to Finch, no run well-directed short delivery, Finch rides the bounce and blocks short into the off side;
9.5;?;Rabada to Finch, no run length on middle and leg, 139kph but it stops in the pitch slightly, loops short of mid-on;
9.4;1;Rabada to Watson, 1 run on the stumps, worked away to leg for one more;
9.3;4;Rabada to Watson, FOUR runs Watson is in clover here, Rabada pitches full on off stump and is dispatched lazily back down the ground, bounced a yard short of the long-on boundary;
9.2;1;Rabada to Finch, 1 run shortish, outside off, sits in the crease and dabs one into the off side;
9.1;1;Rabada to Watson, 1 run length ball on middle and leg, flicked around the corner to the man on the rope;
8.6;1;Parnell to Watson, 1 run length ball, sprayed quite wide and Watson manages to toe end it into the covers for one more to the total;
8.5;1;Parnell to Finch, 1 run swats this away through backward square leg for another single;
8.4;?;Parnell to Finch, no run quicker and this bounces a touch more, Finch pulls and the ball deflects down on to the pitch;
8.3;2;Parnell to Finch, 2 runs short ball and again pulled dismissively through the leg side for a couple more;
8.2;1;Parnell to Watson, 1 run angled across in the channel, opens the face to guide one behind square;
8.1;2;Parnell to Watson, 2 runs short of a length, muscled on the pull into the deep and it's not fielded cleanly;
7.6;1;Tahir to Watson, 1 run tossed up, Watson isn't to the pitch and he top-edges an ungainly hoick... but it sails beyond the circle safely towards deep cover;
7.5;?;Tahir to Watson, no run mistimes a push back down the pitch;
7.4;1;Tahir to Finch, 1 run slightly wide and there's an anguished cry from the bowler as Finch chops one more in front of square;
7.3;4;Tahir to Finch, FOUR runs gets down to sweep and the ball spins away from Rabada, who looks a bit dozy as he grabs thin air and the ball goes for four;
7.2;1;Tahir to Watson, 1 run tossed up, Watson comes forward and spears one more to long-on;
7.1;1;Tahir to Finch, 1 run regulation legspinner from Tahir, bit of width and Finch slices a drives short of point, only half fielded;
6.6;?;McLaren to Watson, no run line and length, this time Watson respectfully defends back to the bowler;
6.5;4;McLaren to Watson, FOUR runs superb stroke, wattage from Watto, not a particularly bad ball this time but Watson had his weight back, rolled the arms through a beefy whack to the leg side, beats the fielder at deep square leg even though it was just a few yards to his left;
6.4;4;McLaren to Watson, FOUR runs another boundary, Watto's rolling out the wagon wheel, feeble bouncer from McLaren and this is whipped through deep midwicket;
6.3;4;McLaren to Watson, FOUR runs punishing cover drive from Watto! He loves that shot, plants the front foot and brutalises a slightly full ball through the off side;
6.2;?;McLaren to Watson, no run pitched up, better line, Watson leans into a push;
6.1;4;McLaren to Watson, FOUR runs short and wide and slapped through backward point for another boundary. South Africa are on the rocks, holed below the waterline;
5.6;?;Tahir to Finch, no run skids on and tapped back to the on side;
5.5;?;Tahir to Finch, no run on the stumps, worked to midwicket, can't get it through;
5.4;4;Tahir to Finch, FOUR runs four more, bullied through midwicket this time, played with the turn for the googly and smashed it past the man in the deep;
5.3;4;Tahir to Finch, FOUR runs full and straight and dealt with dismissively, Finch swivelling his bulk through a flat sweep to fine leg;
5.2;1;Tahir to Watson, 1 run flat trajectory on middle and leg, punched down the ground to long-on;
5.2;1w;Tahir to Watson, 1 wide floated up outside leg stump, Watto sweeps and misses and de Kock whips off the bails... Wide;
5.1;?;Tahir to Watson, no run spiders to the crease, fullish on leg stump, clipped straight to midwicket along the ground;
4.6;?;Parnell to Finch, no run tight line, Finch covers his stumps in defence;
4.5;1;Parnell to Watson, 1 run angled across from over the wicket, drops back and runs the ball behind square to get off the mark first ball;
4.4;W;Parnell to Dunk, OUT makes room to swing down the ground but Dunk has picked out mid-on! Parnell bellows out a celebration, maybe hurried the batsman a little or could have been a cutter, he backed away and clubbed it straight into Abbott's bread basker. Dunk is back in the slammer after an enterprising knock;Ben Dunk c Abbott b Parnell 23 (20b 3x4 0x6) SR: 115;
4.3;2;Parnell to Dunk, 2 runs whips this away through the leg side for a couple;
4.2;?;Parnell to Dunk, no run free hit for Dunk but it's well bowled by Parnell, right up on his toes and squeezed to mid-off;
4.2;5nb;Parnell to Dunk, (no ball) FOUR runs bit of width, slashed and top-edged beyond the grasp of slip... it was a front-foot no-ball too. Never mind the wheels coming off, the axle is broken too;
4.1;?;Parnell to Dunk, no run shortish and Dunk miscues a pull along the ground to midwicket;
3.6;?;Duminy to Finch, no run flat again, straightening on the stumps, Finch backs away and chops into the off side;
3.5;4;Duminy to Finch, FOUR runs flatter, on the stumps, crunched back down the ground again, not the cleanest strike but it beats a rather feeble effort from long-on running across;
3.4;4;Duminy to Finch, FOUR runs oof, not so good, low full toss to Finch who bludgeons it to wide long-on in the manner of a man chopping down a tree;
3.3;1;Duminy to Dunk, 1 run uses the feet, full ball drifting towards leg stump, clubs one to long-on;
3.2;?;Duminy to Dunk, no run ooh, lovely delivery, tossed up and dipping as Dunk tries to work to leg, spins past the outside edge;
3.1;?;Duminy to Dunk, no run length ball on off stump, Dunk reaches out and pushes into the covers;
2.6;1;Abbott to Dunk, 1 run angled across the lefty, opens the face and squirts one through the gully;
2.5;1;Abbott to Finch, 1 run redirects his line, short of a length in the channel, punched into a gap at cover, through Parnell fields well to keep them to a single;
2.4;4;Abbott to Finch, FOUR runs Abbott feeds the beats again, half-track at the body and Finch muscles it away to the same part of the ground for another four;
2.3;4;Abbott to Finch, FOUR runs that's meat and drink for Finch, short and clubbed powerfully through backward square for his first boundary;
2.2;?;Abbott to Finch, no run stays back in the crease and pats a shortish ball towards mid-on;
2.2;1w;Abbott to Finch, 1 wide back of a length and sprayed down the leg side - SA have already given up more extras than Australia;
2.1;3;Abbott to Dunk, 3 runs Dunk skips out on the attack, gets the toe end of the bat but manages to lift it through the covers for three more;
1.6;?;Rabada to Finch, no run banged in very short, veering towards the leg side again, Finch offers nothing and Rabada gets away with it;
1.6;1w;Rabada to Finch, 1 wide slides down the leg side - 145kph, fast but wayward;
1.5;1;Rabada to Dunk, 1 run good length, 141 clicks and it squirts off the outside edge as Dunk pushes forwards, single to third man;
1.4;4;Rabada to Dunk, FOUR runs too full this time and rasped down the ground, lovely shape on the drive and that's four more;
1.3;4;Rabada to Dunk, FOUR runs flashed and flashed hard, over the leap of Behardien at cover-point, given a bit of width and Dunk thrashed a short ball over the infield;
1.2;?;Rabada to Dunk, no run fuller and straighter, tapped back to the bowler;
1.1;?;Rabada to Dunk, no run good length and a teasing line outside off, crackles to life off the pitch and flies through to the keeper - excellent start;
0.6;?;Abbott to Finch, no run length ball, skids on a touch and nearly catches out Finch, who turns the ball softly to leg;
0.5;3;Abbott to Dunk, 3 runs overpitched, in the channel, connects this time and drills three through cover point, opened the face nicely;
0.4;?;Abbott to Dunk, no run length delivery, this is a little wide but Dunk misses out, flails around the delivery as it flies through;
0.3;?;Abbott to Dunk, no run excellent bumper from Abbott, only slightly short but it rears at Dunk, who dunks his head down out of the line;
0.2;?;Abbott to Dunk, no run gets on top of the bounce and drives firmly, picks out mid-off;
0.1;?;Abbott to Dunk, no run steams in, hits the pitch hard back of a length, Dunk blocks safely from the crease;

Kyle Abbott again leads the visiting attack... And it is indeed Ben Dunk to open with Finch
Out come the teams, South Africa will have required a significant pep up over the break. The 'G expects, meanwhile... As does Jacob: "@Mark - pretty sure it is diabolical. There are no demons in this pitch and it's great for batting. Watching Meg Lanning and Staf Taylor earlier showed how good of a pitch it is. Both women sides scored 150 on this pitch (albeit on shorter boundaries)."
 Innings Start
South Africa
Australia
2nd T20I (N), Melbourne, Nov 7 2014, South Africa tour of Australia [November 2014]
101/7
102/3
Player of the match is Cameron Boyce, AUS
Australia won by 7 wickets (with 44 balls remaining)
