Data
170 to win. Will West Indies do it? Their ground fielding was terrible today. Will it prove the difference in the end? Join us in a short while for the chase.
19.6;1;Edwards to Hussey, 1 run another very full delivery, Hussey drags it to the on side for a single.;
19.5;4;Edwards to Hussey, FOUR runs goes for the yorker, Hussey went for the swipe to the on side and edged it past the short fine-leg fielder;
19.5;7nb;Edwards to Hussey, (no ball) SIX runs dropped 'catch' plus palmed it over the boundary for a six. Xavier Marshall, the culprit. It was a high full toss and Hussey whacked it to deep midwicket where Marshall didn't judge it properly, threw in a dive and palmed it over for a six! No ball for the height.;
19.4;2;Edwards to Hussey, 2 runs fullish, on the middle stump line, dragged down to long-on region;
19.3;1;Edwards to Lee, 1 run yorker outside off stump, Brett Lee can only dig it out to the off side;
19.2;1;Edwards to Hussey, 1 run pretty full on stumps, pushed out to the off side for a single;
19.1;W;Edwards to Johnson, OUT Mitch holes out at long-on. He went for the big six over long-on but couldn't clear Bravo.;Mitchell Johnson c Bravo b Edwards 9 (3m 7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 128.57;
18.6;1;Taylor to Johnson, 1 run the slow bouncer and Mitchell taps it past square leg .... Taylor seems to have perfected the slow bouncer ... very good control ...;
18.5;4;Taylor to Johnson, FOUR runs Another slower one but Mitch waits this time before lunging out to knife it to wide long-off boundary. Fine adjustment in the end by him;
18.4;?;Taylor to Johnson, no run the slower one and Mitchell is too early with the shot and the ball bounces over the middle;
18.3;2;Taylor to Johnson, 2 runs driven through the off side, and there is a overthrow from Benn now .. oh what a mess of ground fielding today;
18.2;1;Taylor to Hussey, 1 run superb slow bouncer and Michael is in all sort of tangle as he checks the pull shot, tries the dab shot and some how manages to put bat on ball in the end;
18.1;1;Taylor to Johnson, 1 run driven to the on side for a single;
13.6;?;Pollard to Hussey, no run quicker and this one bounces past the startled Hussey and to Ramdin;
13.5;?;Pollard to Hussey, no run beaten by the slower one. It was outside off, Hussey was on the lunge, trying to hold the balance and couldn't put bat to ball. Ramdin doesn't gather cleanly but Hussey's backfoot was inside the crease;
13.4;6;Pollard to Hussey, SIX runs Top shot! Big big hit over long-off. So far, he was just looking for singles. Suddenly, this time, he got under the full delivery and murdered it high over long-off. Smooth clean hit.;
13.3;1;Pollard to Warner, 1 run fuller and straighter, driven to long-off for a single;
13.2;4;Pollard to Warner, FOUR runs short and wide and Warner carves it over backward point without any fuss.;
13.1;1;Pollard to Hussey, 1 run slower one, on the middle and off, tapped to backward point;
12.6;?;Gayle to Warner, no run drifts towards the pad, slightly slower through the air, Warner is early into the shot- he was looking for a tap to the on side to retain the strike - and the ball rolls away off the pad;
12.5;2;Gayle to Warner, 2 runs driven to wide long-on region for two more runs;
12.4;?;Gayle to Warner, no run full, on the middle and off, driven past Gayle who dives full stretch to make the stop. Well done Cappo!;
12.3;1;Gayle to Hussey, 1 run flatter, outside off, pushed through cover point for a single;
12.2;1;Gayle to Warner, 1 run slows up the pace and Warner, looking to come down the track, is made to wait and he pushes it to mid-off region;
12.1;1;Gayle to Hussey, 1 run gets a single down to long-on;
17.6;1;Bravo to Johnson, 1 run fullish, around off stump, driven well to long-off;
17.5;W;Bravo to Hussey, OUT Low full toss and David swings it high over midwicket. Fletcher is some where there. But the ball seems to be landing safely but Fletcher charged ahead, lunged forward to take a diving catch.;David Hussey c Fletcher b Bravo 27 (27m 16b 0x4 3x6) SR: 168.75;
17.4;2;Bravo to Hussey, 2 runs goes for the big hit , edges it to fine leg;
17.3;1;Bravo to Hussey, 1 run;
17.2;4;Bravo to Hussey, FOUR runs Dropped by Chanderpaul at long-on. What a dolly And what a mess. He took couple of steps forward and just froze. Not only did he drop but also gave away the four. Chanders wake up!;
17.1;4lb;Bravo to Hussey, 4 leg byes slips down the leg side and Ramdin dives but cant' cover it ..;
16.6;1;Taylor to Hussey, 1 run driven to the on side for a single;
16.6;1w;Taylor to Hussey, 1 wide goes for the bouncer but it sails high over the batsman ... wide;
16.5;2;Taylor to Hussey, 2 runs slower one and the left-handed Hussey drag pulls it to deep midwicket;
16.4;1;Taylor to Hussey, 1 run pretty full, pushed out to the on side;
16.3;6;Taylor to Hussey, SIX runs Whoa. Take that. David Hussey kills this one. It was full and it ended up over long-on. Clean full smooth swing of the bat.;
16.2;?;Taylor to Hussey, no run the clever little slower one outside off, Hussey was so early into his shot that he completed the arc of the bat and the ball just passed the stumps;
16.1;1;Taylor to Hussey, 1 run full, drifting towards middle and leg, flicked away to deep square leg;
11.6;1;Pollard to Hussey, 1 run slower one, just coming in from outside off, guided past backward point for a single;
11.5;1;Pollard to Warner, 1 run full again, driven to long-off for a single and that's his fifty. Well played Warner. The stunning pull off Fidel being the highlight.;
11.4;?;Pollard to Warner, no run on a length, on the middle, pushed back to the bowler;
11.3;W;Pollard to Haddin, OUT Full and on the stumps, Haddin goes for the big swing but ends up hitting it straight up and Benn gets under it at midwicket. Haddin falls after a little cameo.;Brad Haddin c Benn b Pollard 24 (31m 19b 2x4 1x6) SR: 126.31;
11.2;1;Pollard to Warner, 1 run fuller, on the leg stump line, stops on the batsman, who checks his shot and it balloons over square leg;
11.1;2;Pollard to Warner, 2 runs mediumpace length delivery on the off stump, tapped through midwicket for a couple of runs;
10.6;4;Benn to Haddin, FOUR runs What a delicious late steer! Catch it on the youtube. He moved fractionally outside leg, Benn fired it at the blockhole but just outside off, Haddin leaned back, opened the bat-face and ran it down superbly through vacant slip region. Fab shot.;
10.5;6;Benn to Haddin, SIX runs Haddin, who has been repeatedly trying to get down the track, stays back this time and pulls a short delivery over midwicket for a big six...;
10.4;1b;Benn to Warner, 1 bye yorker outside off stump, Warner can't dig it out , misses but the ball tails past the off stump and bounds away for Ramdin's pad;
10.3;?;Benn to Warner, no run quicker, on the middle and leg, pushed to straightish midwicket;
10.2;2;Benn to Warner, 2 runs moves down the track, Benn shortens the length and Warner, who has just added 50 runs with Haddin, cuts it to deep backward point region;
10.1;2;Benn to Warner, 2 runs on the middle and leg, turning in, worked through backward square leg for couple of runs..;
15.6;1lb;Bravo to Hussey, 1 leg bye another slower one, Michael is early into the shot and the ball rolls off the pad;
15.5;?;Bravo to Hussey, no run despite those wides, he bravely goes for another slower one, dug back to Bravo and David dives to get back in his crease;
15.4;4;Bravo to Hussey, FOUR runs lovely on drive .. He leaned forward to flick it through wide midwicket and I thought ok there might be two in it but he had found the gap perfectly;
15.4;1w;Bravo to Hussey, 1 wide Yet another slower one that goes awry;
15.4;1w;Bravo to Hussey, 1 wide slower one but slips it down the leg side for a wide;
15.3;W;Bravo to Warner, OUT another low dipping full toss outside off, Warner, again, lunged forward to drive but ended up slicing it to covers. A fine hand from him, though.;David Warner c Benn b Bravo 63 (71m 53b 6x4 1x6) SR: 118.86;
15.2;1;Bravo to Hussey, 1 run full toss, low outside off stump, carved away to long-off;
15.1;1;Bravo to Warner, 1 run low dipping full toss, Warner lunges forward and some how gets it over the jumping Bravo;
14.6;1;Benn to Warner, 1 run low full toss, mistimed to covers;
14.5;?;Benn to Warner, no run;
14.4;1;Benn to Hussey, 1 run charges down the track, goes for the big hit, edges it to short fine leg;
14.3;6;Benn to Hussey, SIX runs aha .. the long hop and Hussey puts it out of its misery. A big wallop and the ball screamed over midwicket boundary;
14.2;?;Benn to Hussey, no run quicker, armball on the middle and off, chopped to short third man, could have been a risky single but Bravo doesn't pick it up cleanly;
14.1;3;Benn to Warner, 3 runs moves down the track and lofts to wide long-off;
9.6;1;Gayle to Warner, 1 run fires in the yorker, dug out towards long-off;
9.5;2;Gayle to Warner, 2 runs slows up the pace further, outside off, cut away through backward point;
9.4;?;Gayle to Warner, no run slower, on the middle and leg, pushed back to Gayle;
9.3;4;Gayle to Warner, FOUR runs tries to slip in the quicker one but drags it outside leg and Warner tickles it past the short fine-leg fielder;
9.2;1;Gayle to Haddin, 1 run slightly short in length, pulled away to deep square leg;
9.1;?;Gayle to Haddin, no run on the front foot, turns it to the leg side;
8.6;1;Benn to Haddin, 1 run slows up the pace as Haddin moves down the track and Haddin adjusts to tap it through cover;
8.5;?;Benn to Haddin, no run drifts towards the leg stump, beats the bat swing to hit the pad;
8.4;1;Benn to Warner, 1 run jumps out of the crease, Benn not only shortens the length but gets it to turn in and Warner stabs it to the off side;
8.3;?;Benn to Warner, no run rolls off the pad to the on side;
8.2;1;Benn to Haddin, 1 run charges out again, and Benn slips in the quicker arm ball outside off, jabbed to point for a single;
8.1;2;Benn to Haddin, 2 runs steps down the track but Benn has bowled superbly so far, again gets it to dip quickly on Haddin who drags the lofted shot to wide long on;
7.6;1;Bravo to Haddin, 1 run slower one, outside off, early into the shot and ends up dragging it to wide midwicket;
7.5;1;Bravo to Warner, 1 run;
7.4;1;Bravo to Haddin, 1 run;
7.3;1;Bravo to Warner, 1 run leans forward to tap to the off side for a single;
7.2;2;Bravo to Warner, 2 runs driven to left of deep cover this time for couple of runs;
7.1;4;Bravo to Warner, FOUR runs full pitched outside off stump, square driven to deep point where Fletcher makes a lovely mess of it. Oh dear. Poor fielding continues. He didn't pick it up cleanly and the ball popped out of his clutches and ran to the boundary!;
6.6;1;Benn to Warner, 1 run leans forward to pick a single with a drive to long-off;
6.5;1;Benn to Haddin, 1 run again nice bit of dip and Haddin lunges out to drive past cover;
6.5;1w;Benn to Haddin, 1 wide stumping missed. Haddin was down the track and Benn slipped it cleverly down the leg side but Ramdin couldn't gather cleanly.;
6.4;1;Benn to Warner, 1 run from over the wicket for Warner, who drives to long-on;
6.3;1;Benn to Haddin, 1 run worked through the on side this time;
6.2;?;Benn to Haddin, no run again the intent is there as he charges out but Benn is getting it to dip nicely on him and he could only push it tamely to cover;
6.1;?;Benn to Haddin, no run comes down the track but mistimes the shot to cover;
5.6;?;Edwards to Warner, no run 148.3 kmph , cutting towards off and middle, Warner defends it to the on side. End of Powerplays.;
5.5;2;Edwards to Warner, 2 runs full again, driven to left of mid-off and Sarwan makes a diving half-stop.;
5.4;1;Edwards to Haddin, 1 run fuller, straighter, driven down to mid-on;
5.3;?;Edwards to Haddin, no run big swing and a miss. Again, he moved away a touch and tried to carve the length delivery over point;
5.2;4;Edwards to Haddin, FOUR runs Almost a six over third man. He backed away a touch to play the upper cut and it flashed to very fine third man;
5.1;1;Edwards to Warner, 1 run 146.8 kmph full and on the leg and middle, pushed towards wide mid-on for a single;
4.6;?;Bravo to Haddin, no run another slower one, full and on the middle, early into the stroke but the ball falls fell short of mid-on;
4.5;1;Bravo to Warner, 1 run 133.5 length delivery around off stump, pushed towards cover point for a quick single;
4.4;?;Bravo to Warner, no run moves in towards the middle stump, slightly slower, Warner waits before punching it back to the bowler;
4.3;?;Bravo to Warner, no run still from round the stumps, angling in on the leg stump, Warner stays outside the line and pushes it back down the pitch;
4.2;4;Bravo to Warner, FOUR runs lovely hit straight over the bowler's head. He leaned forward, picked the full length delivery and creamed it up and over.;
4.1;?;Bravo to Warner, no run from round the stumps, fullish, on the pads, turned to the on side;
3.6;1;Edwards to Warner, 1 run fuller, around 147 kmph, on the leg stump line, warner, who stays still and adjacent to the line usually, pushes it to the on side for a single;
3.5;?;Edwards to Warner, no run Fidel cranks up the pace. almost 148 kmph. Short of length and rushing outside off stump. Warner tried to upper cut it but couldn't put bat to ball.;
3.4;6;Edwards to Warner, SIX runs What a response from Warner! Stunning pull. Great to watch. Imperious. He rocked back early to pull the short delivery high over midwicket. It flew far.;
3.3;W;Edwards to Clarke, OUT Oh boy! the third wicket is down. What a start by the Windies. They might be fielding poorly but the bowling has been good. Clarke moved outside leg stump to go for the high-risk option of going over the off-side field. Fidel kicked it up from short of length and kept it just outside off, Clarke lunged out as he went for his cut. The edge flew straight to third man.;Michael Clarke c Benn b Edwards 2 (13m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 28.57;
3.2;?;Edwards to Clarke, no run 145.9 kmph length delivery on the middle, Clarke is right behind it, trying to tap it to the on side for a possible single but ends up pushing it to the on side of the pitch and Fidel fields;
3.1;?;Edwards to Clarke, no run starts the over with a bouncer over the leg stump, Clarke gets down under;
2.6;4;Taylor to Warner, FOUR runs Oh dear! West Indies continue to make a mess on the field. This time it's Sarwan. It was pushed wide of him at mid-off for a single but he jogged across and let the ball through him! Ian Bishop is on air and he sighs....;
2.5;?;Taylor to Warner, no run Taylor keeps dishing out the slower bouncer. Again effective. The batsman had to wait and then adjust to the bounce and to the pace and he ended up dabbing it to midwicket;
2.4;4;Taylor to Warner, FOUR runs short in length, cut away to covers where X man (Xavier Marshall) makes a mess. perhaps, got a bad bounce there;
2.3;?;Taylor to Warner, no run fullish, outside off stump, driven to covers;
2.2;?;Taylor to Warner, no run from round the stumps to the left-hander, almost hits the blockhole, dug out back to the bowler;
2.1;1;Taylor to Clarke, 1 run leans forward to play on the up but the ball bounces more than he thinks and he withdraws the bottom-hand off the handle in a hurry and pushes the ball away to the on side;
1.6;?;Edwards to Warner, no run 140.2 kmph short in length delivery, curving past the off stump, past the outside edge and to the keeper;
1.5;?;Edwards to Warner, no run bursts up from back of length towards off and middle, flat-batted swipe sees the ball hit the stumps at the non-striker's end;
1.4;1;Edwards to Clarke, 1 run clears the front foot and drags the ball to deep square leg;
1.4;2nb;Edwards to Warner, (no ball) 1 run 142.3 kmph back of length delivery on the middle, tapped to the on side for a single. Free hit coming up.;
1.3;?;Edwards to Warner, no run 143.6 kmph slinging full delivery outside off and Warner pushes at it with no foot movement and the ball rushes past the outside edge;
1.2;?;Edwards to Warner, no run on a length, around the off stump, almost 144 kmph and that hurries Warner who ends up jabbing it back down the pitch;
1.1;?;Edwards to Warner, no run full and well outside off, angling away, Warner can't reach it;
0.6;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run what a gem to finish things off. The loopy slower bouncer, that T20 has really brought it in fashion, and Clarke hops before ducking and the ball loops past his head;
0.5;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run slips in a slower one and on target too, rolls off the pad to the on side;
0.4;W;Taylor to Ponting, OUT Ponting is gone! Would you believe it? Two wickets in the over. What drama at The Oval. After couple of wides, Taylor got this one straight on the stumps. Ponting was on his typical forward lunge and couldn't get his bat around the front pad. Gone! Plumb in front. Dead duck.;Ricky Ponting lbw b Taylor 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
0.4;1w;Taylor to Ponting, 1 wide the outswinger this time but the left hand never kicked in the bowling action and he ended up spraying it wide outside off;
0.4;1w;Taylor to Ponting, 1 wide Boos ring out as Aleem Dar signals wide. It was the slower bouncer that looped past the batsman.;
0.3;W;Taylor to Watson, OUT Taylor and Sars remove Watto. It was full and just outside off and Watson went for his drive. He couldn't clear Sarwan at mid-off, though.;Shane Watson c Sarwan b Taylor 0 (2m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
0.3;1w;Taylor to Watson, 1 wide tries the slower one but ends up slipping it wide outside leg stump; Watson tried to have a crack at it but couldn't reach;
0.2;?;Taylor to Watson, no run closer to the off stump and Watson drives straight to mid-off;
0.1;?;Taylor to Watson, no run Swing and a miss to start off. It was full, it was outside off with a hint of movement away, Watson went for the big off drive but couldn't put wood on leather;

Hi all ... Welcome to the Australia v West Indies game.
Toss: Ponting has won and says he will bat. "We have seen some good batting tracks. Our preference always is to put the runs on board first. We are lot better prepared this time."
Gayle: "We have lots of variations in our bowling."
Here's something new for you to try out: Cricket Radio powered by Cricinfo. Throughout the ICC World Twenty20, Cricinfo will be carrying live commentary from all matches. So please click here for details. The cost is US$1.99 per match or US$9.99 for a season ticket to all games. This service is not available in India or South Africa.
There is lots more to read on the all new Cricinfo. You guys can check out our new Page 2 for the tournament.
A comedy show in lieu of the opening ceremony? Suits me fine,
href="/wt20page2/content/story/407690.html" target="new">says Andrew
Hughes.
George Binoy
target="new">wonders why the English didn't curse, groan and burn
buildings down after the humiliation against the Netherlands.
Toss: Ponting has won and says he will bat. "We have seen some good batting tracks. Our preference always is to put the runs on board first. We are lot better prepared this time."
Gayle: "We have lots of variations in our bowling."
The players are out there warming up. Hopefully, there won't be any rain this evening. It's the same pitch that hosted Scotland- New Zealand game. So there should be plenty of runs on it.
Local time 2:02 pm: The match is due to start in 8 minutes.
The dancers here in T20 WC are completely different from IPL. For starters, more clothing on! They are out there now, doing their thing.
The West Indies players walk down the staircase and step on to the field. A good crowd in. West Indies players line-up for their national anthem. The Australians, led out by Ponting, walk out to join their opponents. Australians' anthem plays out first. Several Australian players sing it out aloud. And some in the crowd as well. Whistles ring as the anthem ends. Now the West Indies' anthem starts.
Phil responds to George's diary that I had pinged earlier. " The reason why the English didn't commit mayhem when they lost to the Dutch last
night could be that they have a love/hate relationship with T20-love the money
generated eg by the IPL but hate it that they aren't making it. Ofcourse, all this
could change if they win the World T20 much as it for India last time.
Felt sorry for Alesha Dixon though."
Meanwhile, the players break out and move towards the pitch. All set for the start.
 Innings Start
Ponting: "I didnt think it was a bad total to be honest but when Chris and Adrian came out batting as they did there, it was going to be hard for us. They just went with the flow. They threw caution to the wind; they outplayed us ..."
Gayle: We weren't best on the outfield but 170 was gettable. I have to give credit to Fletcher. He played really really well. I looked to bat till 15 overs and the game should be settled by then. I am disappointed on how I got out ..We just have to rally again, put this game behind and try to win against Sri Lanka. It's not over yet."
That's it from us. Log on to Bangladesh v India game.
15.5;4;Johnson to Sarwan, FOUR runs That's the game. West Indians celebrate in the dug out. It was full and outside off, Sarwan lunged at it and got a thick profitable edge down to third man boundary. What a fine win for the men from Caribbean. Though their ground fielding was pretty poor, their bowlers did a fine job to restrict Australia before Gayle and Fletcher hunted down the total in some style;
15.5;1w;Johnson to Sarwan, 1 wide And a wide outside off now! Sars has been moving around the crease and that seems to have unsettled Mitch;
15.5;1w;Johnson to Sarwan, 1 wide down the leg side and just 3 more now;
15.4;4;Johnson to Sarwan, FOUR runs moves forward to cream a fullish delivery past mid-on for a fine boundary. Just four more now.;
15.3;W;Johnson to Marshall, OUT Xavier chips to mid-off and takes the long walk back to the hutch. Hopes back pedaled before leaping behind to hold on to a sharp catch.;Xavier Marshall c Hopes b Johnson 8 (15m 12b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
15.2;?;Johnson to Marshall, no run gets forward to punch a length delivery to mid-off;
15.1;?;Johnson to Marshall, no run angled across Xavier who taps it to point;
14.6;4lb;Lee to Chanderpaul, 4 leg byes short in length, drifting to the thigh pad, Chanders tries to glance it away, misses but the ball runs off the thigh to the fine-leg boundary;
14.5;1;Lee to Marshall, 1 run leans forward to drive through mid-off;
14.4;?;Lee to Marshall, no run;
14.3;W;Lee to Gayle, OUT And Gayle's fabuliciously violent innings comes to an end. He has a laugh with Lee as he walks back. The crowd are up on their feet. Respect. He went for another big six but hit it skywards ... high .. very high ... but Watson ran in from long-on to steady himself under the ball ...;Chris Gayle c Watson b Lee 88 (75m 50b 6x4 6x6) SR: 176;
14.2;2;Lee to Gayle, 2 runs another edge .... as Gayle slices the full delivery over cover point, just ahead of the fielders running back from the 30-yard circle;
14.1;2;Lee to Gayle, 2 runs full delivery on the middle, Gayle is in a tangle, trying to turn it to the on side and gets a leading edge but falls safely at the mid-off region;
13.6;2;Clarke to Marshall, 2 runs goes right back to work it past square leg and they run hard to come back for the second;
13.5;1;Clarke to Gayle, 1 run fuller, on the middle, dug down the ground past the bowler;
13.4;6;Clarke to Gayle, SIX runs Thump! Gayle waltzes down the track and lofted it straight over the bowler and it kept flying on and on ....;
13.3;1;Clarke to Marshall, 1 run And again, down to the same fielder ..;
13.2;1;Clarke to Gayle, 1 run outside off, full, driven to long-off for yet another single;
13.1;1;Clarke to Marshall, 1 run floated full, driven down the ground to long-on;
12.6;2;Watson to Gayle, 2 runs slower ball outside off, Gayle takes the bottom-hand off the handle as he adjusts to the change of pace and slices the ball through covers;
12.5;1;Watson to Marshall, 1 run almost yorker length, Marshall drives to long-on for a single;
12.5;1w;Watson to Marshall, 1 wide the bouncer but well down the leg side ...;
12.4;?;Watson to Marshall, no run;
12.3;1;Watson to Gayle, 1 run full pitched outside off, driven down to long-off;
12.2;?;Watson to Gayle, no run tries to carve a full length delivery outside off, bottom-edges it to the keeper;
12.1;1;Watson to Marshall, 1 run slightly short in length, outside off, tapped to third man;
11.6;?;Johnson to Gayle, no run short and outside off stump, chopped down to backward point .. Gayle would feel he has missed out on a four there;
11.5;1;Johnson to Marshall, 1 run bangs it short, Marshall hops to push it down past backward point;
11.4;1;Johnson to Gayle, 1 run driven cleanly and powerfully to mid-off.. half-stop there;
11.3;W;Johnson to Fletcher, OUT But he is gone now. He went for the pull from outside off but the ball bounced more and ballooned up close on the off side for a simple catch. What a fine innings from Fletcher. He started the assault before Gayle took over;Andre Fletcher c Hussey b Johnson 53 (63m 32b 7x4 1x6) SR: 165.62;
11.2;4;Johnson to Fletcher, FOUR runs Fletcher reaches his fifty with a imperious flat-batted heave over wide mid-on. Gayle congratulates him, and so does the crowd ..;
11.1;1lb;Johnson to Gayle, 1 leg bye Gayle is in pain. It was a full delivery, that got a inner edge and hit him on the flesh just below the thigh pad ... he hobbles across for a single and he is now down on the ground ..;
10.6;?;Watson to Fletcher, no run stays on 49 as his cover drive finds the fielder;
10.5;4;Watson to Fletcher, FOUR runs Moves to 49 with a flashing square cut. He moves outside leg and plays a feisty cut past the diving backward point;
10.4;1;Watson to Gayle, 1 run just short of the blockhole, outside off, pushed to cover point;
10.3;1;Watson to Fletcher, 1 run really full up to the bat, driven to Lee at long-off;
10.2;?;Watson to Fletcher, no run full pitched, driven to the off side;
10.1;1;Watson to Gayle, 1 run short in length, on the middle stump line, Gayle takes the bottom-hand off the handle as he stabs the ball to the off side of the pitch for a single;
9.6;1;Hussey to Gayle, 1 run pushed towards Ponting at mid-off and sets off for a quick single. Ponting fires in a direct hit and it's referred upstairs. Not out is the verdict. Gayle had just about dragged his bat inside .;
9.6;1w;Hussey to Gayle, 1 wide;
9.5;2;Hussey to Gayle, 2 runs charges out toinside-out loft it to wide long-off where Mitch makes a diving stop;
9.4;6;Hussey to Gayle, SIX runs Floated full outside off stump and I don't think Gayle hit it cleanly ... Er .. try telling that to David. It sailed comfortably over long-off for yet another six;
9.3;?;Hussey to Gayle, no run leans across to turn the full one to midwicket;
9.2;?;Hussey to Gayle, no run leans forward to push it to the off side;
9.1;6;Hussey to Gayle, SIX runs The Greeks must be hopping in joy now! Oh this game must be all too easy ... Gayle steps out and lifts it straight over to yet another boundary ...;
8.6;1;Hopes to Gayle, 1 run Hopes slips and falls again! Hmm ... Gayle flicks it off his hips for a single;
8.5;?;Hopes to Gayle, no run fullish delivery, Gayle drives even as Hopes slips and tumbles at the other end and the ball crashes into his back ... ouch! Luckily for him it didn't hit his head ...;
8.4;?;Hopes to Gayle, no run slanted full outside off stump, Gayle tried to lift it over the on side but ended up edging it to the on side of the pitch;
8.3;1;Hopes to Fletcher, 1 run That calpyso style pull .. front leg goes in the air and the bat comes down on the ball .. just a single, though this time;
8.2;1;Hopes to Gayle, 1 run driven through the field for a single. 67 to win from 70 balls;
8.1;1;Hopes to Fletcher, 1 run just outside off stump, runs it down to third man;
7.6;2;Bracken to Gayle, 2 runs leans forward to turn it to square leg for a single;
7.5;1;Bracken to Fletcher, 1 run slower one again, Fletcher shuffled across, waited for the ball to arrive before wristing it past square leg;
7.4;4;Bracken to Fletcher, FOUR runs fab on drive. He backed away a touch to play a lovely whipping on drive to wide long-on. Superb piece of timing.;
7.3;1;Bracken to Gayle, 1 run full toss on the middle, eased past the bowler for a single;
7.2;?;Bracken to Gayle, no run beaten by the slower one outside off. Gayle lunged out in the end but couldn't put bat to ball.;
7.1;1;Bracken to Fletcher, 1 run yorker to start the over, pushed down to long-on for a single;
6.6;1;Hopes to Fletcher, 1 run swatted past square leg for a single;
6.5;1;Hopes to Gayle, 1 run That's his fifty, reached with a drive to long-off. The crowd are on their feet celebrating. What a mad little dashing innings this has been. Full value for their money. Even the pigeons have flown in close for a ring-side view.;
6.4;1;Hopes to Fletcher, 1 run jabs it to the on side for a single.;
6.3;2;Hopes to Fletcher, 2 runs banged in short and into the body of Fletcher, who gets cramped up but goes for the one-handed pull and edges it to fine leg;
6.2;1;Hopes to Gayle, 1 run full one outside off, eased down to long-off;
6.2;1w;Hopes to Gayle, 1 wide Another wide. Bowling to Gayle can make you do stuff like this;
6.2;1w;Hopes to Gayle, 1 wide well outside off stump and it's a wide;
6.1;1;Hopes to Fletcher, 1 run length delivery just outside off, Fletcher stays adjacent to the line and chops it down to third man;
5.6;4;Bracken to Gayle, FOUR runs moves to 48 with a cracking square cut. It was the slower one but Gayle waited for it to arrive before bending his knees to hold balance and flashing the ball past point;
5.6;1w;Bracken to Gayle, 1 wide wide down the leg side, Haddin under-arms a throw back, trying to catch Gayle out of the crease but the man is firmly entrenched inside;
5.5;1;Bracken to Fletcher, 1 run another yorker, dug out and it bounces off the turf over Bracken and Fletcher calls Gayle over for a single;
5.4;1;Bracken to Gayle, 1 run yorker length, pushed towards short mid-on for a quick single;
5.3;?;Bracken to Gayle, no run 110.8 kmph slow dibbly seamer outside off, pushed down to mid-off;
5.2;1;Bracken to Fletcher, 1 run leans forward to push it to the off side;
5.1;4;Bracken to Fletcher, FOUR runs Fletcher is not going to sit quiet and watch. He started this mayhem. Bracken drifts to the pads and Fletcher plays a neat little flick shot to deep backward square leg boundary.;
4.6;6;Lee to Gayle, SIX runs As it turns out, he can do nothing but watch Gayle dismiss him everywhere around the ground. It was a short delivery, Gayle opened up his stance, kept his front foot outside leg and smashed it high into the midwicket stands.The white ball is flying all over.;
4.5;4;Lee to Gayle, FOUR runs That has almost decapitated Fletcher. It was full and outside off, Gayle murdered it past the startled Fletcher who dived to the ground. Blink. The ball is picked up from the long-off boundary. Lee is bleeding here. What can he do to stop this man?;
4.5;5nb;Lee to Gayle, (no ball) FOUR runs Violence refuses to abate at The Oval. Gayle is wreaking havoc. Lee, from round the stumps this time, serves one full delivery outside off and Gayle crashes it over covers in his inimitable style. What's more, it's a free hit too;
4.4;?;Lee to Gayle, no run he moves towards off, comes back into position to dig out a yorker to the off side;
4.3;6;Lee to Gayle, SIX runs Oh boy what a violent six this was .. Immense fun ... It was the slower one but he picked it up early, waited for it, cleared the front foot and killed it over long-on. Hope the school kids are not wandering around the stadium. It crashed into the roof .. what a big big hit ....;
4.2;?;Lee to Gayle, no run yorker around the off stump, dug out to the off side;
4.1;6;Lee to Gayle, SIX runs One mighty wallop! He cleared the front hit and thwacked it high and over midwicket. Into the school beyond the boundary. What a whack that was.;
3.6;?;Johnson to Fletcher, no run;
3.5;1;Johnson to Gayle, 1 run almost run out but Mitch can't fire in the direct hit. It was pushed towards the off side and they ran for the single. Johnson went after it, picked, turned and fired the throw but the ball bounced over the stumps at the non-striker's end;
3.4;1;Johnson to Fletcher, 1 run opens the bat-face to run it down to third man;
3.3;2;Johnson to Fletcher, 2 runs dropped by Michael Hussey at mid-on. Fletcher with another walking drive , but got under the ball too much and the ball ballooned over mid-on. Michael back-pedaled but it appears didn't even get a touch as the ball swirled past his fingers. Ian Bishop, on air, provides more drama. Unsure who the fielder was - whether it was David or Michael - he screams, "It's a Hussey!";
3.2;4;Johnson to Fletcher, FOUR runs Fletcher loves his walking airy drives. He moved forward to kill a full length delivery over mid-off, his back leg was in the air as he completed the shot;
3.1;?;Johnson to Fletcher, no run 121.2 kmph slower one outside off, Fletcher chipped in with the almighty swing over mid-on but no wood on leather;
2.6;4;Lee to Gayle, FOUR runs drifts it towards the leg stump from round the stumps, Gayle helps it along with a swat-pull and the ball races to the deep backward square leg boundary;
2.5;?;Lee to Gayle, no run 145.8 kmph yorker outside off, dug out to backward point;
2.4;1;Lee to Fletcher, 1 run Lee with the slow short-one, Fletcher is made to wait and he tries to flat-bat it over mid-off but doesn't connect well and it drops well short of mid-off;
2.4;4nb;Lee to Gayle, (no ball) 3 runs banged in short of length, kicks up just outside off, Gayle is cramped up but some how manages to arch back and flat-bat it over cover;
2.3;?;Lee to Gayle, no run short in length, just outside off stump, Gayle goes for the pull but doesn't connect as it was another slow short-pitched delivery;
2.2;1;Lee to Fletcher, 1 run Lee goes for the slow bouncer, that we saw Taylor bowl so well, Fletcher gets inside the line to tap it to leg slip region, runs off the body;
2.1;4;Lee to Fletcher, FOUR runs screamer! Fletcher moved fractionally outside leg and cut the short-of-length pacy delivery past point. Not a man move, as they say in the Caribbean;
1.6;?;Johnson to Gayle, no run on a length, around the off stump, Gayle, with that spread out stance, neither goes forward or back, just holds balance to punch it back to the bowler;
1.5;?;Johnson to Gayle, no run full and straight, on the off stump line, defends to the off side;
1.4;1;Johnson to Fletcher, 1 run after making room for the previous few deliveries, he shuffles into the line this time and pushes the full delivery to right of mid-on for a single;
1.3;?;Johnson to Fletcher, no run the slower one this time and Fletcher is way too early into the intended swing over mid-on and misses it completely;
1.3;1w;Johnson to Fletcher, 1 wide round-arms this down the leg side for a wide;
1.2;6;Johnson to Fletcher, SIX runs Almost one-handed six over square leg! It was back of length delivery, bouncing on the middle stump line, Fletcher cleared the front foot and swung it over the infield. The bottom hand started to come off the handle before going back into the grip.;
1.1;4;Johnson to Fletcher, FOUR runs Fletcher goes down town. He picked the length delivery from the off stump and heaves it over mid-on;
0.6;1;Lee to Fletcher, 1 run full again, on the off stump line, Fletcher goes for the big hit, drags it towards mid-on;
0.5;?;Lee to Fletcher, no run full and moving away from the off stump, Fletcher walks into the drive and is beaten.;
0.4;1;Lee to Gayle, 1 run goes round the stumps to slip in a slower one, Gayle gets his front leg up to swat it past square leg;
0.3;4;Lee to Gayle, FOUR runs And so Gayle goes over the Australians. Another slightly short delivery, he rocked back to get it up and over backward point for a cracking four;
0.2;?;Lee to Gayle, no run bangs it short of length and it sits up outside off, Gayle flat-bats it and M Hussey dives to his left at extra cover to prevent the boundary.;
0.1;4;Lee to Gayle, FOUR runs What a start by Gayle. He leaned into the full delivery outside off to ease it through wide mid-off;

There is a bunch of pigeons who have stationed themselves around cover for Gayle. "They will be ex-pigeons if they stay there," Chappelli reckons
 Innings Start
Australia
West Indies
3rd Match, Group C, The Oval, Jun 6 2009, ICC World Twenty20
169/7
172/3
Player of the match is Chris Gayle, WI
West Indies won by 7 wickets (with 25 balls remaining)
