Data
Rakib: "Wake up fayzal, it's not 2014, it's 2021 already!! I'm fancying a 9/10 wicket win here."
Foyzal Hoque: "People talking as if aus have lost already I remember a game bd played vs India got them out for low total only to loose because S. Biney got about 4 wickets not giving away so many runs. "
Tinura: "So far in this series, Starc impressed us most among aussie batters!"
7.32pm Bangladesh big favourites to go up 2-0 in this series. If it was spinners that caused damage yesterday, today it was the fast bowlers who used their cutters really well. Marsh impressed once again, on a surface that is tough, yes, but one that can't be used as an excuse to brush away the way the middle and lower-middle order fell apart. A marginally better but overall disappointing effort from the openers. Wade failed to get going, Turner and Agar fell prey to the pacers' skills, and if it wasn't for Starc's little cameo at the end, Bangladesh would've been chasing at a run rate of less than six.
What Australia now need are wickets at the top, and then get Shakib-Mahmudullah early as well, to have any chance of a win. Batting isn't easy over here but given Bangladesh know what rate they have to score at, they will feel comfortable earning the W.
Irfan: "@Jalal: Arrogance or chance of a rest before the IPL resumes in world cup conditions? No need to stress/injure themselves with minimal risk of losing their place in the side. Further, they will not lose much in terms of cash as well."
19.6;2;Mustafizur to Starc, 2 runs full outside off. Clears the front leg and drags a shot to deep midwicket. Takes two and Australia finish on 121 for 7;
19.5;2;Mustafizur to Starc, 2 runs slower ball, full and wide. Toe-ends the cut towards third man for one;
19.4;?;Mustafizur to Starc, no run back of a length slower ball outside off. Wants to cut, through the shot too early. Well disguised, 100% skill;
19.3;4;Mustafizur to Starc, FOUR runs full on middle, and flicked through the leg side. Goes finer than he attempted, but it's gone for four! First four in 25 balls;
19.2;1lb;Mustafizur to Tye, 1 leg bye full, pitched outside leg and hits the pad before rolling over to point. LBW appeal turned down but no way that was out;
19.1;2;Mustafizur to Tye, 2 runs full, on middle, change of pace. Bunted over the bowler to long off for a couple;
18.6;1;Shoriful Islam to Tye, 1 run good length, on middle and angling across. Pushed to point. Shoriful 2/27 tonight;
18.5;1;Shoriful Islam to Starc, 1 run full and wide. Walks across to the off side to try and scoop it past the keeper. But too slow for him to generate any power from it. Mistimed to the off side;
18.4;?;Shoriful Islam to Starc, no run full pitch, outside off stump. He walks across to the off side and mistimes a shot down the ground;
18.3;2;Shoriful Islam to Starc, 2 runs;
18.2;W;Shoriful Islam to Turner, OUT back of a length outside off. Angling away and he tries to cut it over the off side. Spooned up in the air, and cover backtracks to take a simple one;Ashton Turner c Mahmudullah b Shoriful Islam 3 (14m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 42.85;
18.1;1;Shoriful Islam to Starc, 1 run good length, outside off and cut to deep point for one;
17.6;1;Mustafizur to Starc, 1 run good length, just outside off. Cut behind point and they scamper across for one;
17.5;?;Mustafizur to Starc, no run full ball, slower ball just outside off. Comes to drive with hard hands, and it pops up. Falls just in front of short midwicket diving forward;
17.5;1w;Mustafizur to Starc, 1 wide slower ball, full outside leg, and rolls towards the keeper;
17.4;W;Mustafizur to Agar, OUT Ashton leaves Ashton! Good length, outside off. Agar tentatively looks to cut it square, but there's a bit of extra bounce despite the slower ball, and it hits the glove. Pops up in the air towards the keeper and that's something his five-year old self could've also taken;Ashton Agar c ?Nurul Hasan b Mustafizur Rahman 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
17.3;W;Mustafizur to Wade, OUT leg stump cartwheeling! Full on off, and he walks across to the off side to try and paddle it to fine leg. Misses the shot, and the ball crashes into leg;Matthew Wade b Mustafizur Rahman 4 (16m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 57.14;
17.2;1;Mustafizur to Turner, 1 run cutter, full on leg. Guided to deep point for a single;
17.1;?;Mustafizur to Turner, no run full, outside off stump as Turner backs away to make some room expecting the ball to be in the stumps. It's not, and it's inside the tramline as well. Fair ball!;
16.6;1;Shoriful Islam to Turner, 1 run length ball on leg and angling across. Nudged to cover for one and that over has cost just three runs;
16.5;?;Shoriful Islam to Turner, no run fullish, just outside off. Mistimed drive back to the bowler, who picks it up and fakes a throw back towards the batter;
16.4;?;Shoriful Islam to Turner, no run fullish, on middle. Walks across to the off side slightly, and blocked back to Shoriful;
16.3;1;Shoriful Islam to Wade, 1 run back of a length, just outside off. Pull attempted, but dragged towards the left of square leg instead;
16.2;1;Shoriful Islam to Turner, 1 run full, on middle, and pushed towards point. They are off for one, and Wade running to the non-striker's is running to the danger end. Fielder picks up and takes aim at one stump for a run out but it's not a direct hit. Mahedi Hasan the man picking up the ball;
16.1;W;Shoriful Islam to Marsh, OUT big swing to the leg side but outside edge to the keeper. Length ball on off, and tries to hit it over midwicket, but with the ball angling away he had to get closer to the line to play it in that direction. Faint edge to the keeper and that's Marsh out on 45 for the second time in two days;Mitchell Marsh c ?Nurul Hasan b Shoriful Islam 45 (60m 42b 5x4 0x6) SR: 107.14;

Turner. His personal chances to make it to the World T20 squad is running out, you'd think. Can he do something explosive?
 Innings Start
That's all from myself Sreshth, Andrew McGlashan and Ranjith P. Remember there's plenty of cricket happening. England v India and the Hundred. Hop over there to enjoy more cricket. See you!
Presentation coming up.
Mahmudullah, winning captain: "It's very pleasing to see Afif and Sohan stand up, carry us to the end. Showed maturity. And up front our bowlers did very well to restrict them to 120. But Shakib was very important with bowling and batting, shows how important he is to the team. Losing few early wickets causing tension in the dressing room, but the way Afif and Sohan (Nurul batted), it was a lot of relief. I think Mustafizur has always been there in these conditions, and effective too. Shoriful bowled really well and all the bowlers chipped in too. We are taking it game by game."
Afif Hossain is the Player of the Match for his match-winning innings: "When I came, I thought I have to stay in the wicket till the end. Whatever the required rate may be, I knew I could manage. We knew we had to stay calm, keep wickets in hand. Sohan (Nurul) bhai played well so there was no pressure on me either.
Matthew Wade, losing captain: "We were in a good position today (with the ball), but unfortunately we struggled the bat in the last four overs. Very disappointing. We were in a good position to get 130s-140s, a good score on this track. Their quicks took pace off well, and we'll look to do better there. The bowlers from both teams have been terrific, we are happy how they are going. Agar was terrific again. Our bowling is definitely not the problem. We've had a game where the top wasn't great, and this time our bottom half with the bat wasn't.
Imam: "Most impressive thing about Afif and Nurul was their attitude and body language. Never looked nervous or under pressure. "
Mahneel: "@Rakib, don't think Afif was shaky even for a moment there, a full crowd would have only added some encouragement to those nerves of steel."
Monir: "Another good news: Bangladesh will host New Zealand for a five-match T20I series from 1 to 10 September. "
The high-adrenaline chase wil make Afif and Nurul heroes this evening, but don't forget the bowling effort. To restrict Australia to 121 is massive, and credit for that goes to Mustafizur and Shoriful firstly, along with the ever consistent spinners.
ajay sharma: "If I was Justin Langer I would simply put Wade at top so he can try funny things, ask selectors to give Khawaja back, debate about Cameron Green and possibly drop Phillipe"
Rakib: "@Shreshth....Full crowd would possibly add more pressure over these youngsters I assume, I'm happy with empty stands!!"
9.30pm A fist pump between the two youngsters who have dragged Bangladesh out of a very deep hole. Even Justin Langer is applauding them. A lone fan is flying the flag on a nearly building's roof. Imagine if we had a full crowd today! The partnership is unbeaten on 56.... to win from 67/5 with Australia's bowlers roaring, it needed a special effort.
Nayeem: "I feel pity now that I did not watch the full chase after Mahmudullah's dismissal due to tension."
cric fan: "2nd Nail in the cofin..3 to come.."
18.4;4;Hazlewood to Afif, FOUR runs back of a length, outside off stump. Sticks the bat out, ramps it over the keeper and Bangladesh have won by 5 wickets!;
18.3;?;Hazlewood to Afif, no run fullish, just outside off stump. Tapped towards backward point for one;
18.2;?;Hazlewood to Afif, no run good length ball around the stumps. Tries to cut, but whizzes past the edge to the keeper;
18.1;1;Hazlewood to Nurul, 1 run good length, just outside off. Hammers a pull to deep backward square leg;
17.6;?;Tye to Afif, no run full, on off. Slower one. Pushed to point with the angled bat;
17.5;?;Tye to Afif, no run good length angling across. Misses the cut;
17.4;4;Tye to Afif, FOUR runs over the vacant slip cordon! Back of a length on leg and angling across. Not in control but he ramps it from close to his chest for four. Quite a thick edge;
17.3;4;Tye to Afif, FOUR runs lofted! And we're into single digits now. Knuckle ball, on middle, and hammered over mid on for four;
17.2;?;Tye to Afif, no run good length, on leg stump. Defended towards the off side;
17.2;1w;Tye to Afif, 1 wide back of a length, outside leg stump. Walks across to pull towards fine leg but misses. Gets the wide though;
17.1;1;Tye to Nurul, 1 run good length, outside off. Nudged to third man for one;
16.6;?;Zampa to Afif, no run full on off stump. Defended to the off side. And that's Zampa done for the night;
16.5;?;Zampa to Afif, no run full outside off, and the googly turns across. Misses the drive;
16.4;1;Zampa to Nurul, 1 run driven through the off side to wide long off for one;
16.3;?;Zampa to Nurul, no run full on off, and googly turns in. Bat-pad to the leg side;
16.2;4;Zampa to Nurul, FOUR runs crunched! Short on off and turning away. Stands tall, doesn't commit early, and slaps a shot over the fielder at cover! Pierces the gap between extra cover and long off;
16.1;?;Zampa to Nurul, no run full on middle. Big stride forward to defend;

Water break. Fairly humid out there.
 Innings Start
Australia
Bangladesh
2nd T20I (N), Dhaka, Aug 4 2021, Australia tour of Bangladesh
121/7
123/5
Player of the match is Afif Hossain, BAN
Bangladesh won by 5 wickets (with 8 balls remaining)
