Data
Welcome back for the final part of this series. Which team is taking the prize? Guptill and Conway to open...
New Zealand have done superbly there to keep Australia to 142 - the second 10 overs especially good. It's a decent score on this surface, but they would have wanted at least 150. Matthew Wade top-scored but everyone else struggled to find their tempo on a tricky surface. The series is on the line and we should be in for a fascinating chase. Back with you in a few minutes


19.6;W;Southee to Jhye Richardson, OUT a wicket to finish with! A full delivery at leg stump, Jhye gets underneath it but can't get the distance to clear deep midwicket;Jhye Richardson c Phillips b Southee 4 (15m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
19.5;1;Southee to Kane Richardson, 1 run goes back of a length, clubbed one bounce to long-on;
19.4;1;Southee to Jhye Richardson, 1 run a slower ball, full toss again, only a single as Jhye heaves into midwicket;
19.3;1;Southee to Kane Richardson, 1 run goes for the yorker again, it's a low full toss, swung to long-on;
19.2;W;Southee to Marsh, OUT cleans him up! Full and straight, Marsh misses and the middle stump goes back. Took Southee a few deliveries to get the radar right but that was the perfect yorker;Mitchell Marsh b Southee 10 (10m 9b 0x4 1x6) SR: 111.11;
19.2;1w;Southee to Marsh, 1 wide very full, very wide outside off...another extra. This over could take a while;
19.1;1lb;Southee to Jhye Richardson, 1 leg bye full at the stumps, Richardson just flicks it backward of square...doesn't actually make contact;
19.1;2nb;Southee to Marsh, (no ball) 1 run that's a head-high full toss, called no-ball, pulled out to deep midwicket;
19.1;1w;Southee to Marsh, 1 wide gets this wrong, full and down the leg side. A bonus delivery for Australia;
18.6;1;Boult to Marsh, 1 run gets it back full at the stumps, driven towards mid-off;
18.5;6;Boult to Marsh, SIX runs clears the leg side this time! Boult just missing the full length, Marsh is able to get underneath it and heave over deep midwicket;
18.4;?;Boult to Marsh, no run over the wicket, heaves across the line of a full delivery, skews to short fine leg;
18.3;1;Boult to Jhye Richardson, 1 run round the wicket, a wide full toss, driven off the bottom of the bat to deep cover;
18.2;1;Boult to Marsh, 1 run full on the pads, clipped to deep square leg;
18.1;1;Boult to Jhye Richardson, 1 run round the wicket, full outside off, pushed square to point;
17.6;1;Sodhi to Jhye Richardson, 1 run very full at off stump, turned into midwicket;
17.5;1;Sodhi to Marsh, 1 run fuller and driven to the cover sweeper;
17.4;?;Sodhi to Marsh, no run length delivery at off stump, this turns, played to cover;
17.3;?;Sodhi to Marsh, no run he makes the mistake of pitching this one, full at off stump, defended to the off side;
17.2;W;Sodhi to Agar, OUT another huge full toss, another wicket! Goodness me. That was an even bigger full toss, Agar aiming over the leg side and Guptill judges it well;Ashton Agar c Guptill b Sodhi 6 (14m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 85.71;
17.1;W;Sodhi to Stoinis, OUT a full toss, straight to long-off! It's not always good balls that get wickets. That was filthy. Stoinis miscues his attempt to go straight down the ground and walks off shaking his head.;Marcus Stoinis c Guptill b Sodhi 26 (28m 26b 2x4 1x6) SR: 100;
16.6;1;Southee to Stoinis, 1 run a yorker at off stump, well bowled, played to long-on;
16.5;6;Southee to Stoinis, SIX runs and that's into the crowds! Another slower one, full outside off, Stoinis gets all of it this time as he uses his power to heave over long-on;
16.4;1;Southee to Agar, 1 run a yorker outside off, dug out into the off side;
16.3;1;Southee to Stoinis, 1 run dropped! At long-on, by Conway...a slower ball, full outside off, Stoinis aims down the ground and gets no timing on it but Conway spills it over his head. He was shielding his eyes from the sun as he tried to take it;
16.2;?;Southee to Stoinis, no run back of a length outside off, angled to short third man...another dot to Stoinis;
16.1;1;Southee to Agar, 1 run over the wicket, driven to deep cover;

Southee returns
DaWolf: "Drastic slowing of the run rate here, Aus can still get to 160 but that's a lot less than they would have targeted and needs some big hits in the last 5 overs. Poor from all the batsmen apart from Wade. They look content to take singles."
 Innings Start
3:13pm New Zealand pose with the trophy, and that is all from our live coverage tonight. Thanks for joining us through the series. We shall see you soon. On behalf of Gnasher and Ranjith, this is goodbye.
Williamson: Increidbly hard fought series, momentum shifts throughout. To adjust on this surface after the first two games on this pitch was very pleasing. We know how strong the Australian side is, we just wanted to put on a much improved performance. In some ways we got exposed on that surface. It was a little better today and a really good all-round performance. I suppose when you're playing three games on the same surface, you get clear about what to do. Thanks to Aaron and his team for coming to our shores, quarantine isn't an easy thing to do.
Finch: We probably just weren't aggressive enough with the bat. We kept losing wickets at regular intervals. Couple of us put time in the innings and didn't go on. If one of us gets 60-70 it's a different picture. I thought the pitch played pretty well today. Mitch Santner bowled well with the new ball. I thought for a drop-in wicket to hold up for three games is credit to the groundsman. I think what we've been talking about is gradual improvement, constant improvement from game one was exciting. Would have been nice to win but NZ is a great side.
Sodhi: I suppose in these conditions you have to be as aggressive as possible. Thankfully the big boys at the start created pressure. The batsmen adapted brilliantly today to chase that score down. It's always nice to get wickets, grateful the guys at the other end creating the pressure.
Ish Sodhi is the Player of the Series.
Guptill: Today we wanted to not back down from the fight. Devon's opened a lot for Wellington over the years. Wouldn't say I went off from ball one, but it was good to get a partnership there with Devon. Six-hitting, I guess, is just about trusting you can get enough bat on it.
Martin Guptill is the Player of the Match.
2:59pm Hugs and handshakes all around as New Zealand overcome the hiccups in their last two games to take this series convincingly. The bowling delivered as a whole today for them, Ish Sodhi once again among the wickets and doing most of the damage. Economical stuff from the rest of the bowlers too before the brand new opening stand of Guptill and Conway delivered. They had impetus at the start, which turned into confident stroke-making and eventually into a century stand powered by some trademark Guptill strikes. Once it got there, Australia had little resistance to offer and Phillips made them pay.
15.3;6;Zampa to Phillips, SIX runs clubbed over long-on for the series win! Lovely little cameo from Phillips here, came out looking to hit boundaries and nailed it. This is tossed up and once again he clears the front leg to make room and goes against the turn with a lofted drive;
15.2;?;Zampa to Phillips, no run length and pushed through flat at leg stump, clipped to midwicket;
15.1;6;Zampa to Phillips, SIX runs slog swept over wide long-on! Length ball dipping outside off. Might have been a googly. Makes no difference once Phillips is down on his knee and gets a clean swing at this;
14.6;?;Jhye Richardson to Chapman, no run short of a length and across the corridor, looks for the pull and is beaten;
14.5;1;Jhye Richardson to Phillips, 1 run length and into leg stump, flicked to deep square;
14.4;1;Jhye Richardson to Chapman, 1 run short of a length at leg stump, short arm pull to fine leg's right;
14.3;1;Jhye Richardson to Phillips, 1 run length and just outside off, nudged towards point from the crease;
14.2;4;Jhye Richardson to Phillips, FOUR runs all-four Phillips gets a fifth. Full and just outside off, strong base as he allows that to come on, then opens the face very late to get a sweet drive wide of mid-off;
14.1;W;Jhye Richardson to Guptill, OUT taken at short fine. Looks to pump this short of a length delivery over deep midwicket but it gets big on him. A top edge is all he can get and Marsh takes a simple one around the corner. Guptill walks off to a standing ovation, he's set New Zealand up for a series win;Martin Guptill c Marsh b Richardson 71 (66m 46b 7x4 4x6) SR: 154.34;
13.6;4;Meredith to Phillips, FOUR runs creamed through the covers. No one on the rope there. It's overpitched at the stumps, his front leg is in the leg side to create swinging room and he connects sweetly;
13.5;4;Meredith to Phillips, FOUR runs pulled in front of square. Short and sitting up at hip height. Stays put in the crease and slaps it on the rise;
13.4;?;Meredith to Phillips, no run short of a length outisde off, mistimed pull to mid-on;
13.3;4;Meredith to Phillips, FOUR runs drilled past the bowler's head! Length ball at 147kph, clears the front leg and gives that a big punch. Meredith has to go to floor to avoid that in his follow through;
13.2;?;Meredith to Phillips, no run catches him on his right thigh. Short of a length and skidding rapidly on, 148kph, as he shapes to pull. It was too full and he was cramped;
13.1;1;Meredith to Guptill, 1 run short of a length and just outisde off, 147kph. Hangs leg side of that and steers to third man;
12.6;4;Agar to Phillips, FOUR runs swatted over mid-on! Full and into leg stump, uses the angle to get his hands through this and lift it over the infield;
12.5;?;Agar to Phillips, no run short of a length and turning away from off, pushed into the off side off the back foot;
12.4;?;Agar to Phillips, no run length and into middle stump, hurriedly pushed towards mid-on off the back foot;
12.3;?;Agar to Phillips, no run full and just outisde off, mistimed drive to extra cover;
12.2;?;Agar to Phillips, no run good length and into middle stump, deep in the crease to pat it down the pitch;
12.1;1;Agar to Guptill, 1 run full at off stump, driven along the floor to long-off;

A slip is in
 Innings Start
Australia
New Zealand
5th T20I, Wellington, Mar 7 2021, Australia tour of New Zealand
142/8
143/3
Player of the match is Martin Guptill, NZ
New Zealand won by 7 wickets (with 27 balls remaining)
