Data
8.45pm So India lose all their wickets. Jason Behrendorff set the template with his early burst and India never recovered. Australia exploited the early movement well and never let India to gather steam. This pitch still has something for the bowlers, so don't count India out yet. But remember that the dew has set in which will make India's job harder. Alagappan will be with you shortly for the chase. Over and out from me.
"It was unbelievable.Bowling four upfront doesn't happen too often and I was lucky to do it.Bowling upfront and swinging the new ball is a strength and it is an honour to be opening the bowling for your country. The wicket was good, it was a little slow. Worked really hard for a long time. My first experience was just one over, my second one here has been very good. I'm taking nothing for granted. I have full faith in our batsmen chasing this down."
19.6;W;Tye to Kuldeep, OUT goes for a big slog and gets a top-edge that goes very high and Paine behind the stumps moves to his right and settles under it;Kuldeep Yadav c ?Paine b Tye 16 (39m 19b 1x4 0x6) SR: 84.21;
19.5;3;Tye to Chahal, 3 runs just over the outstretched hands of point. Clears the leg and lofts this over the fielder. He gets a fingertip to it. Head at the deep picks it up and throws to Paine.But the batsmen are going for a third and Paine fires at the non-striker's end. Chahal nearly collides with the bowler as he dives to make the crease. The throw does not hit the stumps;
19.4;?;Tye to Chahal, no run short, looks to pull and loses shape as the ball is slow and he swings early;
19.3;W;Tye to Kuldeep, OUT advances down and the bowler drags the length back. Kuldeep wears it on the thigh and the ball goes to the left of Paine who runs across and throws with his keeping gloves on. Direct hit catches Bumrah short;Jasprit Bumrah run out (?Paine) 7 (11m 9b 1x4 0x6) SR: 77.77;
19.2;1;Tye to Bumrah, 1 run swings across the line and gets an inside edge to the pad.They take a quick single;
19.1;?;Tye to Bumrah, no run opens the face but can't connect as he tries to steer to third man;
18.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Bumrah, 1 run Bumrah survives a near run-out. Chips a fuller ball that remains in the air and drops short of mid-off charging forward. Bumrah is taking the single and Coulter-Nile is on the way of the batsman. Bumrah collides and the throw misses the stumps at the non-striker's end even as he recovers and scampers for the crease. Bumrah unhappy but that was not deliberate from the bowler. Coulter-Nile had his back to Bumrah. Coulter-Nile was actually moving across slightly to back up the throw;
18.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Kuldeep, 1 run short of a length, opens the face and runs it down to third man;
18.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Bumrah, 1 run yorker on leg stump, dug out into the on side;
18.3;4;Coulter-Nile to Bumrah, FOUR runs just past the keeper. Bumrah loses shape as he swings across the line looking for a heave over the leg side. Gets a leading edge that gets past Tim Paine flying to his right;
18.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Bumrah, no run full, wide, reaches out and goes for a big, booming drive to get beaten;
18.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Kuldeep, 1 run length ball on the stumps, bunts it out into the on side and beats Coulter-Nile rushing forward for the single;
18.1;1w;Coulter-Nile to Kuldeep, 1 wide short ball, drops the wrists and the bounce is deemed too high by the umpire. Right call, that went way over the batsman's head;
18.1;1w;Coulter-Nile to Kuldeep, 1 wide short of a length, sprays it down the leg side and called a wide as the batsman misses the glance;
11.6;1;Zampa to Hardik, 1 run opens the face against a faster, flatter delivery on off stump and retains strike with a single to short third man;
11.5;1;Zampa to Bhuvneshwar, 1 run finds the gap to the right of backward point, hitting off the backfoot with a straight bat;
11.4;?;Zampa to Bhuvneshwar, no run carves a quicker, flatter delivery outside off to backward point;
11.3;?;Zampa to Bhuvneshwar, no run backs away to a shortish delivery, but it comes so slowly off the pitch, that Bhuvneshwar has to check his cut shot;
11.2;?;Zampa to Bhuvneshwar, no run loops it up again to the new batsman, Bhuvneshwar reads it as the googly and defends well;
11.1;W;Zampa to Jadhav, OUT googly, and the stumps are a mess! Jadhav clears his front leg, seeing a loopy delivery in line with off stump. He shapes to launch it straight over Zampa's head, but the ball dips on him, it breaks the wrong way, and topples the stumps. Australia on the rise. On a massive rise.;Kedar Jadhav b Zampa 27 (47m 27b 3x4 1x6) SR: 100;
10.6;1lb;Stoinis to Jadhav, 1 leg bye looks for a flick and wears it on the pad. Stoinis makes a very late appeal but that was comfortably headed down leg;
10.5;3;Stoinis to Hardik, 3 runs full toss, clipped off the pads between midwicket and square leg. Tye runs to his left and gets down to make a good save;
10.4;?;Stoinis to Hardik, no run short of a length, on middle and leg, defended;
10.3;1;Stoinis to Jadhav, 1 run short of a length, uses the angle to whip it away to long leg;
10.2;1;Stoinis to Hardik, 1 run back of a length on leg stump, nudged away from off the hips into the leg side;
10.1;?;Stoinis to Hardik, no run short of a length, comes in on middle and leg, kept out;
17.6;?;Stoinis to Bumrah, no run now that's much better. Stays in the crease, waits for it and opens the face, just that he finds wide slip;
17.5;?;Stoinis to Bumrah, no run ain't got no clue about that one. Short of a length, zero width as it comes on straight and Bumrah backs away slightly and clumsily attempts a steer to third man only to make no contact;
17.4;?;Stoinis to Bumrah, no run short of good length ball, knocked back to the bowler;
17.4;1w;Stoinis to Bumrah, 1 wide another slower short ball, the bounce is too high and the square leg umpire calls it wide as the batsman misses a weak attempt at a hook;
17.3;W;Stoinis to Hardik, OUT straight into the hands of long-off. Pandya seemed like he could haul India to a decent total but he's gone now with 15 deliveries remaining. Tries to launch this fuller ball but it's just too full and that doesn't allow him the chance to get under it;Hardik Pandya c sub (DT Christian) b Stoinis 25 (39m 23b 0x4 1x6) SR: 108.69;
17.2;1;Stoinis to Kuldeep, 1 run slower back of a length ball, Kuldeep susses out the pace and runs it down to third man late;
17.1;1;Stoinis to Hardik, 1 run fetches a pull from way outside off, it's the slower ball, and it ends up being nothing more than a heave over midwicket;
16.6;1;Tye to Hardik, 1 run another full toss, waist-high, or is it? The umpires deem it fine. Does well to negotiate with the height and pat it into the on side;
16.5;1;Tye to Kuldeep, 1 run full, gets the pad forward and flicks it to deep fine leg to bring up the 100 for India;
16.4;1;Tye to Hardik, 1 run short of a length, opens the face and steers to short third man;
16.3;2;Tye to Hardik, 2 runs short ball, pace off and Pandya can't time his shot too well. What he does do well, though, is pick the gap and that allows him to come back for two;
16.2;?;Tye to Hardik, no run short of a length, opens the face and runs it down to backward point;
16.1;6;Tye to Hardik, SIX runs Pandya has finally woken up. That's one powerful pull the crowd has been dying to see. Too short and dispatched well over deep midwicket;
9.6;1;Zampa to Hardik, 1 run pitched up outside off, driven to sweeper cover;
9.5;W;Zampa to Dhoni, OUT no cheeky work this time from Dhoni. He has been stumped clean and Zampa lets out a roar. Length ball, Dhoni advances again. It spins sharpy away from him and there is little the batsman can do from that position. Gets nowhere close to the ball and Paine completes a simple stumping;MS Dhoni st ?Paine b Zampa 13 (24m 16b 1x4 0x6) SR: 81.25;
9.5;1w;Zampa to Dhoni, 1 wide advances down and Zampa fires it wide of the batsman. Dhoni is equal to the task and manages to halt in his tracks and keep the backfoot planted. Had to really stretch there;
9.4;?;Zampa to Dhoni, no run charges down the track at the sight of width but the ball dips and Dhoni yorks himself as he squeezes out to cover;
9.3;4;Zampa to Dhoni, FOUR runs brings those powerful wrists into play. That shot was all wrist-work. Full toss, whipped hard wide of deep midwicket;
9.2;?;Zampa to Dhoni, no run advances down and Zampa shortens the length, Dhoni punches to mid-off;
9.1;1;Zampa to Jadhav, 1 run length ball, spinning away on middle and off, whipped to the leg side;
8.6;1;Stoinis to Jadhav, 1 run full, flicked to deep square leg;
8.5;?;Stoinis to Jadhav, no run full, finds the inside part of the bat as he presses forward to defend;
8.4;1;Stoinis to Dhoni, 1 run full on middle and leg, turned away to deep square leg for one;
8.3;?;Stoinis to Dhoni, no run short of a length, looks for a punch through the off side. He shuffled across before the delivery so he is tucked up and gets beaten very narrowly;
8.2;1;Stoinis to Jadhav, 1 run pulls across the line. Lots of power but he finds deep midwicket. Fetches the shot from way outside off;
8.1;4;Stoinis to Jadhav, FOUR runs is that four? Yes. Glanced fine enough to easily beat deep backward square leg to his right.Full and straying down the leg side;
7.6;?;Zampa to Dhoni, no run fuller, driven to mid-off;
7.5;1;Zampa to Jadhav, 1 run full on middle and leg, flicked to midwicket;
7.4;?;Zampa to Jadhav, no run length, spinning away on off, punched to the bowler;
7.3;2;Zampa to Jadhav, 2 runs looped up and sliding on leg, clipped away to deep fine leg. The fielder in the deep is squarer and they complete a brace;
7.2;1;Zampa to Dhoni, 1 run advances down to this slider and pushes it wide of long-on;
7.1;?;Zampa to Dhoni, no run fullish length, spinning away, comes forward and pushes it out;
6.6;?;Behrendorff to Jadhav, no run now how about that? Did that carry? Extremely full on the stumps, Jadhav knocked it back to the bowler. Behrendorff dives forward but can't hold on. We will have to wait for replays to confirm if it was a chance. But an excellent spell nonetheless. He's through with his quota;
6.5;?;Behrendorff to Jadhav, no run full, wide, pushed to point;
6.4;1;Behrendorff to Dhoni, 1 run was that a catch. Doesn't seem like it judging by Australia's reaction. Full, wide, Dhoni jams the bat down and the ball has bumped into the ground before going to the right of the keeper who does well to get down and prevent a boundary;
6.3;2;Behrendorff to Dhoni, 2 runs length ball, flicked just backward of square leg and Dhoni sprints back for the second. That's terrific running;
6.2;?;Behrendorff to Dhoni, no run walks across again to this back of a length ball but is forced to make a late adjustment and defend with a straight bat because of the line;
6.1;2;Behrendorff to Dhoni, 2 runs short of a length, outside off, pushed across. Dhoni walks across and flicks it out to deep square leg;
5.6;1;Tye to Dhoni, 1 run short of a length, tucked through the square leg region for an easy single;
5.5;?;Tye to Dhoni, no run full, lets it come into him and flicks slightly uppishly but the ball lands safely before the short fine leg fielder;
5.4;1;Tye to Jadhav, 1 run flicked to square leg;
5.3;4;Tye to Jadhav, FOUR runs too much width. Slightly short of a length, cuts late and ferociously hard to beat point;
5.2;?;Tye to Jadhav, no run short, goes hard at a pull but the ball doesn't get up as much and he inside-edges it hard on to the boot;
5.1;1;Tye to Dhoni, 1 run classic Dhoni! Walks forward for a gentle flick into the leg side. It's shorter than he would have liked, inside-edges it into the leg side;
4.6;?;Behrendorff to Jadhav, no run short of a length, pushed across invitingly with width to make the batsman go after it. Jadhav tries to runs it down and gets beaten;
4.5;4;Behrendorff to Jadhav, FOUR runs short, wide, Jadhav lashes a cut over the point region. One-bounce over the ropes;
4.4;?;Behrendorff to Jadhav, no run short ball, pushed across, bottom-edges a pull to midwicket;
4.3;W;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, OUT that's a stunning catch from David Warner. Take a bow, skipper! He had to pedal back, and by no short distance, mind you. Falls over as he snaffles it having judged to perfection. Dhawan simply presented the full face of his bat to this fuller ball. He chips it over the in-field but it needed impeccable timing for the ball to carry all the way over the boundary. That's not to so, but this was always a 50-percent chance converted into a definite wicket by Warner's brilliance;Shikhar Dhawan c Warner b Behrendorff 2 (25m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
4.2;?;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, no run short of a length, curving in towards off, takes a step away and works it to point;
4.1;?;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, no run fuller, comes in from outside off and finds the inside part of the bat as Dhawan looks to drill it. Goes away to mid-on;
3.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Jadhav, no run short, wide, chops an attempted cut into the ground;
3.5;6;Coulter-Nile to Jadhav, SIX runs is that the shot of the night? Me thinks so. Just short of a length, comes in slightly and he stays firmly on the backfoot before pulling with impeccable timing and power - a short-arm jab over midwicket;
3.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Jadhav, no run full, outside off, jabbed hard to mid-off;
3.3;3lb;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, 3 leg byes short ball, gets big on him and goes for a pull. The ball lobs over the cordon. Seemed like a top-edge initially but turns out it has gone off the helmet. Aaron Finch runs back and makes a brilliant effort to slide forward and pull the ball back;
3.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Jadhav, 1 run just over point. Maxwell is the fielder there, throws himself to his right and leaps a good couple of meters across. Short and wide, flayed hard;
3.1;1;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, 1 run short of a length, dabs down to third man with an open bat face;
2.6;?;Behrendorff to Jadhav, no run short of good length, pitches outside leg and comes on just outside off, Jadhav gets on top of the bounce and blocks solidly;
2.5;?;Behrendorff to Jadhav, no run length ball on off, defends solidly into the pitch;
2.4;?;Behrendorff to Jadhav, no run short of good length, sees enough width and lifts his bat but the ball straightens late. Well away from the off-stump, though;
2.3;?;Behrendorff to Jadhav, no run back of a length and pacy outside off, pushed across the off-stump of Jadhav who shoulders arms;
2.2;W;Behrendorff to Pandey, OUT oh, lovely delivery! Jason Behrendorff, you beauty! What a spell he's having! Short of good length, gets it to move away just enough and later still to find the outside edge of Pandey who is culpable of sticking his bat away from the body. Clear noise as he sent a nick through to Paine who holds on to a straightforward offering;Manish Pandey c ?Paine b Behrendorff 6 (7m 7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 85.71;
2.1;4;Behrendorff to Pandey, FOUR runs short, pushed across, opens the face of his bat very late and jams it down to third man. Past the wide first slip who dives to his right;
1.6;1lb;Coulter-Nile to Pandey, 1 leg bye short of a length, comes into the pads of Pandey who tucks it around the corner for a single;
1.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Pandey, no run full, jags away late outside off, Pandey carves out a drive straight to covers;
1.4;2;Coulter-Nile to Pandey, 2 runs shortish, comes into the batsman this time. Pandey backs away and punches it away through the point region for a brace;
1.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Pandey, no run short of a length, a bit of nip away again, Pandey gets on top of the bounce and drops it in front of point;
1.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Pandey, no run lots of movement away outside off. Slightly back of a length, the movement is prodigious enough for Pandey to suss it out and keep his bat inside;
1.1;1;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, 1 run slashes hard at this short and wide delivery and does not find the middle of the bat, on the bounce to deep backward point;
0.6;W;Behrendorff to Kohli, OUT in the air and Behrendorff has run forward to catch it. He is claiming the catch, or is that an appeal for lbw? Seems like caught it is. Otherwise, height may have been a factor in the lbw. Back of a length, pushed across but zero room. Pitches around middle and comes into Kohli who tries to flick across the line. Gets a feather of an inside edge on to the high part of the bat. The ball lobs in the air and Behrendorff sprints forward to claim the catch. Excellent comeback after a first-ball four;Virat Kohli c & b Behrendorff 0 (2m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
0.5;?;Behrendorff to Kohli, no run fullish length, a very tight line on middle and leg, Kohli respectfully defends back;
0.4;W;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, OUT just like that, Barsapara has gone quiet. Not for long, though, as out comes the ever-popular Indian captain. Rohit pays for a lack of feet movement. Comes half-forward to this length ball that pitches around middle and off and beats him bu nipping in ever-so-slightly. Pings him plumb in front;Rohit Sharma lbw b Behrendorff 8 (3m 4b 2x4 0x6) SR: 200;
0.3;4;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs shot. That has been put away with ease. Too full and well wide of him. Rohit swoops the bat down at some pace and drives straight down the ground. The bat turned in his hands slightly so he didn't middle it but gets four anyway;
0.2;?;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, no run full, a little bit of nip into the right-hander just outside off, Rohit quietly defends with a straight bat;
0.1;4;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs and a four straight away, Barsapara finds its voice. Extremely wide and a full toss, Rohit reaches out and pats it away through backward point;

6.59pm Out come Shikhar Dhawan and Rohit Sharma to mighty cheers. Rohit is taking strike. Jason Behrendorff to kick off the second T20I. Guwahati roars as he runs up to his mark. Here we go..
6.55pm The teams filter out to the centre for the national anthems. Advance Australia Fair is up first, followed by Jana Gana Mana.
Sagar Jain: "Spent my childhood in Assam, disappointed I couldn't get to see a match live. And today I am sitting in my office in Mumbai, coding. Should have stayed there." Life!
Rama Sharma: "@ vageesan - A team plays it best team till a series is won. The current team without Nehra, Rahul and DK is the best T20 eleven India has. The team can't just keep playing players just to give chances to them. Manish and Kedar are established T20 bats in IPL as well."
Gautham: "@James: What do you think the head coach is away for letting the team struggle??He's working out a master plan to arrest the batting collapses! Come Nov 23rd Oz will have all the answers!!"
Divyamsh: "Good move of Warner to bring in Stoinis. Stoinis is a mega-bundle package of a complete batsman and an ordinary bowler in the middle overs. "
6.30pm Warner calls tails and Australia are bowling first. "It looks a good wicket, but at the end of the day you need to execute your skills," says David Warner. "The first game being played at this stadium, so looking forward to it and hopefully we can entertain this crowd. Marcus Stoinis replaces Dan Christian."
"The only thing was the dew factor, to bat in the second innings, we would have done the same thing," says Virat Kohli. "But now that we're batting, we need to put good runs on the board. We need to repeat the good things every time we step on the field. It's very hard to create the momentum but very easy to lose it. Knowing how strong Australia can be, we need to bring our A-game. The stadium is beautiful. It's a packed house. Even when we were coming in, we were barely able to enter the stadium. That was the kind of crowd and enthusiasm. We are playing the same XI."
More from Arun that paints a picture of the mood at the Barsapara. "Assamese songs are renting the air. The great Bhupen Hazarika's "Eai prithibi ek ranagana" is being played. A gentleman here informs me that this song was played during the inauguration of the South Asian Games recently as well."
6.20pm So here's the latest from Arun. The rain has stopped, everything's clear, we're on course for an on-time start. The stumps are being erected, fast bowlers are marking out their run-ups and the Supersoppers are just finishing mopping up.
As for the teams, Australia are just going through their fielding drills. From the Indian camp, Ashish Nehra is having a significant bowl, as is Axar Patel, so don't be surprised if either of them make the XI.
Arun says further that it is already a packed house and the crowd is still streaming in furiously. All roads leading to Barsapara are clogged and it's manic.
"Hoping the Australian batting collapses keep going. England are going to need them this winter," quips James.
vageesan: "People were asking what is the point in selecting Nehra when there are so many young fast bowlers to audition for 2019 world cup which Nehra has no chance of playing. Now everyone is wondering what is the point in selecting Nehra and Benching him. India is not going to gain much from this series. So why not try DK and Rahul in all three matches and keep them as an alternate when the regulars Manish and Jadhav fails in ODIs? "
This is Australia's final chance to walk away from Indian shores with a series win from this tour. A victory tonight will keep their chances alive heading into the third and final match. Australia have written a new and the most comprehensive chapter yet on collapses. It has been the overriding theme of their tour, and sadly, with two matches remaining before they fly back, they are yet to find answers. Here's Alagappan Muthu's preview to set things up while we wait for the toss.
Sooryanarayanan: "I hope to see Ashish Nehra get a game today. I think India should play the extra bowler in him or at least Axar Patel if they want that extra bit of batting as well."
Yoel Rubin: "Surely the Australian team will want to keep up the day of good news for Australian sport? Well done Tim Cahill !"
Anirban Kundu: "What if India win all the 3 T20s , will it change their current ranking?" If they win 3-0 and win the series against New Zealand as well, they will rise to No. 1.
6pm If you thought T20s are too short, monsoon in India makes them shorter still. Take the first game, for instance. You had 18-and-something overs in the first innings; the second was about as condensed as the T20 format can get - a six-over chase. If you're looking forward to an uninterrupted game, be prepared for some disappointment as we could have more of the same tonight. Guwahati hasn't exactly been warm and dry. Apologies for being the bearer of bad news, but this is the picture I'm going to paint for you of how things look for the evening ahead, courtesy Arun Venugopal, out correspondent at the ground. "It's dark and damp here in Guwahati. Remember, the sun sets early in the eastern parts of the country. Also, there was a slight drizzle about an hour ago. There are no more showers forecast and local officials claim the drainage facility is excellent. We'll know soon, though."
For the moment, though, there is no rain. The covers are off and we are looking at an on-time start. So if you are one to hope and pray for a full game, keep at it.
 Innings Start
That's all we have for you here from Guwahati, but there is plenty happening elsewhere in the world of sport. The Indian football team will have a chance to qualify for the AFC Asian Cup when they take on Macau tomorrow night. Head right over to ESPN.in to follow that, as well as the ongoing FIFA Under-17 World Cup
Jason Behrendorfff is Man of the Match, for his 4 for 21. There were 17 dots in his 24 balls. "Not too often I get in front of the cameras. Its something I've got to work on. Nice to get one over on debut but obviously we lost then. It's something I've been working hard at, putting on a brave face out there and not looking nervous. India are a very class team, nice to take wickets up front and giving the team a good start. Honour to play for my country and looking forward to doing it again"
"Feels great. As Isaid at the toss, we had to bowl well and start well. And Dorff bowling there, taking four for in his first real spell. Really fantastic. he's got the height, the bounce and the swing. He's from Perth. He was really fantastic," David Warner says. "Zampa did well later as well, his execution was spot on. Henriques, he showed his experience. I've used him in this role in the IPL as well. It looked an English wicket, soft and with moisture. We knew if we could get past the new ball we could do well
"Not the performance we wished for. Australia were much better on the day,"Virat Kohli says. "I don't think we were good enough with the bat. The wicket was bit sticking to start. It was difficult for them as well, but after the dew set in, they got away. The effort is to do that as a team, but we speak about when the situations are not in our favour is when we have to put 120% on the field. It;s the attitude that matters most and it's something the team embraces. The ball to Rohit [from Behrendorff] was pretty good. He bowled in good areas, he was pretty tight, credit to him, getting wickets with the new ball and they built on that very well"
10.05 pm That's a statement from Australia, and there were plenty, right from the start when Jason Behrendorff took out Rohit Sharma and Virat Kohli in the very first over to claim 4 for 21. Then when David Warner pulled off a blinder of a catch, turned around and screamed his delight at the crowd. When Moises Henriques and Travis Head weathered the early burst from Bhuvneshwar Kumar and then began mauling India's two wristspinners. It's been a complete performance from Australia, but it took a while coming: this is their first T20I win over India in eight matches
"Good win. Thought the bowleres bowled really well to keep them to 118. We knew it would be tough though and it was in the first six overs, but it got easier as the ball got older," Henriques says. "When you're chasing those small targets, and Head came out and hit a couple of boundaries, it took pressure off me. Then I just had to hang in there and prevent a collapse. Wicket suited the fast bowlers, and it wasn't doing anything for the spinners. I was supposed to bat at three, if there were early wickets. Last game we had a good start, so I slipped down the order"
"Haven't been doing that through the ODI series. Worked hard at batting and it came off today," Head says. "Just about being positive about the way I think, hitting the boundary riders and putting pressure on the bowlers. We played fantastically today, bowlers did really well. Good spirits going to Hyderabad and looking forward to winning the series"
Rohit Ramanatha: "India has lost 9 of the 17 matches in guwahati with this!! and won only 6"
Dhaval : "That unused review [appeal for caught behind against Henriques] has cost India dearly. But we all know it's a part and parcel of the game. The series is well set now for a finale."
Sid Sid: "Kuldeep though an exciting prospect and also picking up crucial wickets has not by any means been economical. Chahal on the other hand has shown greater control also being attacking at the same time. Time to "rotate" Kuldeep has come..may be"
15.3;4;Chahal to Henriques, FOUR runs pummels it down the ground and that's Australia's victory!;
15.2;2;Chahal to Henriques, 2 runs full and outside off, spears it out to deep point;
15.1;1;Chahal to Head, 1 run top-edges the sweep, but there is no one around to threaten it until Pandya runs to his left from deep square leg;
15.1;1w;Chahal to Head, 1 wide pushes it very wide outside off, so Head lets it go and accepts the extra;
14.6;2;Kuldeep to Henriques, 2 runs another slog sweep, this one mistimed to deep square leg;
14.5;1;Kuldeep to Head, 1 run slog sweeps it out to long-on;
14.4;1;Kuldeep to Henriques, 1 run races down to reach the pitch of the tossed up delivery and carves it to long-off;
14.3;6;Kuldeep to Henriques, SIX runs goes to fifty with a six! It's too short this time and Henriques rocks back and pummels it over deep midwicket. Super shot, because of the quick footwork;
14.2;6;Kuldeep to Henriques, SIX runs hammers a very very full delivery outside off stump over long-off. Looks like the googly, but it doesn't matter when he overpitches. Rohit perches on the edge of the boundary,. trying to catch it, but it goes over him;
14.1;1;Kuldeep to Head, 1 run steps out, but not quite to the pitch of the ball. Panics into a slog and gets a leading edge out to short third man;
13.6;1;Chahal to Head, 1 run rocks back and cuts a short ball out to the sweeper cover;
13.5;1;Chahal to Henriques, 1 run works a flighted delivery on leg stump to long-on;
13.4;?;Chahal to Henriques, no run low full toss on middle and leg, clips it to midwicket;
13.3;1;Chahal to Head, 1 run slaps a full delivery outside off to long-off;
13.2;?;Chahal to Head, no run tosses it up outside off, well outside off, Head reaches out to slash and misses;
13.1;2;Chahal to Head, 2 runs lashes it outside off, over to deep cover;
12.6;1;Kuldeep to Head, 1 run top edge, as he tries to sweep, and the ball beats Kohli running back from slip;
12.5;1;Kuldeep to Henriques, 1 run positions himself across the stumps, and reads the googly off the pitch with the length being short as it is. Nudges behind square leg;
12.4;1;Kuldeep to Head, 1 run clears the front leg and belts a tossed up delivery on middle to long-off;
12.3;1;Kuldeep to Henriques, 1 run slaps a full delivery outside off to long-off;
12.2;?;Kuldeep to Henriques, no run googly, from around the wicket, Henriques defends, well, perhaps reading the variation off the hand;
12.1;?;Kuldeep to Henriques, no run loops it up, from around the wicket, Henriques smashes it to cover;
11.6;2;Chahal to Head, 2 runs slogs a flighted delivery from outside off out to deep midwicket;
11.5;6;Chahal to Head, SIX runs sails into the crowd behind long-on. Tossing it up isn't helping. Bowling short isn't helping. The dew isn't helping and the small target isn't helping. Head taking advantage of all of that with a meaty blow;
11.4;1;Chahal to Henriques, 1 run tosses it up outside leg, Henriques drills a drive to long-on;
11.3;?;Chahal to Henriques, no run pulls a shortish delivery to midwicket;
11.2;1;Chahal to Head, 1 run full toss outside off, Head wallops it back at the bowler, who only gets a welt on his right hand as he tries to field it. The ball goes out towards long-on before Kohli intercepts it from midwicket;
11.1;?;Chahal to Head, no run pushes it through outside off, Head cuts, but mistimes the ball to cover;
10.6;?;Kuldeep to Henriques, no run shuffles across to defend outside off, with the bowler changing his line and bowling around the wicket.;
10.5;2;Kuldeep to Henriques, 2 runs pulls his length back on off stump, Henriques lets it turn and clips it to long leg;
10.4;4;Kuldeep to Henriques, FOUR runs carves it through extra cover! Overpitches the ball, and Henriques makes it even worse by smashing it into the gap, to the right of the man sweeping on the boundary;
10.3;1;Kuldeep to Head, 1 run launches a full delivery on leg stump to long-on;
10.2;4;Kuldeep to Head, FOUR runs lofts it to the deep midwicket boundary. Kuldeep is a touch slower than Chahal, so when he drops it short, it sits up for Head to do what he wishes.;
10.1;?;Kuldeep to Head, no run tosses it up outside off, Head bunts it down the ground;
9.6;4;Chahal to Henriques, FOUR runs beautiful late cut! Reads the length so early, sets himself in position to take advantage of the field, which has third man up. Little dab, maximum reward;
9.5;?;Chahal to Henriques, no run gives it a little more air, and it drifts into middle and leg. Henriques clears the front leg, but has to stick to defence as the ball turns sharply;
9.4;1;Chahal to Head, 1 run heaves it away to deep midwicket. Chahal not tossing it up, perhaps spooked by the idea of the batsman running at him;
9.3;1;Chahal to Henriques, 1 run this one is a little short, and Henriques backs away to cut it through cover. Kohli gets a hand to it and deflects it to long-off;
9.2;?;Chahal to Henriques, no run;
9.1;?;Chahal to Henriques, no run pushes it through on middle, and it hurries off the pitch, cramping Henriques even as he tries to make room. Just about defends it;
8.6;?;Hardik to Head, no run goes for the ole heave ho, seeing a fuller, slower ball outside off. Misses it altogether;
8.5;?;Hardik to Head, no run when the bowler can pitch it up, batting is hard, as this shows. Head can only defend one coming at the top of off.;
8.4;4;Hardik to Head, FOUR runs walks at Pandya, to force his length back, and having done so, he is able to pull it through the gap at midwicket. Excellent batting.;
8.3;1;Hardik to Henriques, 1 run back of a length on off stump, Henriques moves across and clips it to square leg.;
8.2;4;Hardik to Henriques, FOUR runs too short, and down the leg side as well, Henriques pulls it to the long leg boundary, very fine and very easily done.;
8.1;2;Hardik to Henriques, 2 runs walks out, to try and push the bowler's length back, and therefore prevent him from being able to seam the ball around. Succeeds in that and pulls the short ball to long leg;
7.6;4;Kuldeep to Head, FOUR runs too short and Head wallops it to the midwicket boundary, well to the right of the man in the deep;
7.5;2;Kuldeep to Head, 2 runs belts a half-volley down to long-on and Pandya races to his right to stop the boundary with a big dive.;
7.4;?;Kuldeep to Head, no run loops it up outside off, Head ignores it;
7.3;1;Kuldeep to Henriques, 1 run hides deep in his crease, reading the ball off the pitch, being allowed to do so by the shortish length. Punch to long-on;
7.2;6;Kuldeep to Henriques, SIX runs too short, and though it does turn a long way, that only helps Henriques pick his spot better. Hits it to the square leg boundary;
7.1;1;Kuldeep to Head, 1 run steps out and slams a flighted delivery outside off to long-off;
6.6;?;Hardik to Henriques, no run defends a good length ball on middle;
6.5;1;Hardik to Head, 1 run punches a shortish delivery past mid-on's right;
6.4;?;Hardik to Head, no run punches a back of a length ball to mid-on, bowled from around the stumps;
6.3;1;Hardik to Henriques, 1 run inside edge, as this time Pandya makes the ball seam into the right-hander. Henriques defends but not exactly comfortably. India's lines so far have been excellent.;
6.2;?;Hardik to Henriques, no run back of a length and outside off, chops it as he tries to cut;
6.1;?;Hardik to Henriques, no run darts away past the outside edge! Gorgeous ball. Pitches it up, outside off, it deviates off the seam and leave Henqriques staring daggers at the pitch;
5.6;1;Bumrah to Henriques, 1 run full on off, pushed towards mid-on for a very quick single;
5.5;1;Bumrah to Head, 1 run full, curving in on off, drilled to mid-on;
5.4;1;Bumrah to Henriques, 1 run short of a length, nipping away late, stays back and tries to reach out wide for a punch, gets an outside edge that runs down to square third man;
5.3;6;Bumrah to Henriques, SIX runs that's out of here. That has sailed miles over deep square leg and smashed the grille of the stands there. Short ball, smokes a pull with immense power;
5.2;?;Bumrah to Henriques, no run back of a length, punched to mid-off;
5.1;?;Bumrah to Henriques, no run length ball, angling in on off, flicked to midwicket;
4.6;1;Bhuvneshwar to Henriques, 1 run now for the one that is angled into off stump, and Henriques, lunging forward to defend, gets an inside edge behind square leg;
4.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Henriques, no run even better! This is fuller. It's closer to off stump. it demands Henriques to play and then dances past the outside edge. All that was missing is an evil cackle;
4.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Henriques, no run beats him with an outswinger and they go up for an appeal. No bat involved though. Henriques done in by a ball that hits the seam and darts away past the edge;
4.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Henriques, no run attempts a forceful drive down the ground, but only gets an inside edge onto the pad;
4.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Henriques, no run extra bounce but Henriques does well, using his height, to get on top of the ball and push it to mid-off. Goes down to thud his bat into the middle of the pitch to make it behave;
4.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Henriques, no run reaches away from his body as Bhuvneshwar dangles a good length ball, that seams further away. Blocks it gingerly;
3.6;4;Bumrah to Head, FOUR runs timing, sensational! Of course, it's allowed to come out when the bowler strays onto the pads and the batsman has an easy put away through square leg;
3.5;?;Bumrah to Head, no run beaten as a good length ball holds its line outside off and Head is left looking like an amateur;
3.4;?;Bumrah to Head, no run goes around the wicket for a full delivery on off stump, Head defuses it to mid-on;
3.3;2;Bumrah to Head, 2 runs shortish on off stump, skews it away through midwicket off a bit of an inside edge;
3.2;4;Bumrah to Head, FOUR runs superb drive! And pin-drop silence! Guwahati has been moving to Kohli's tune, roaring when their captain raises his hands and eggs them on. Here they are stunned by an on-the-up straight drive of the highest class;
3.1;?;Bumrah to Head, no run defends a good length ball on off stump;
2.6;1;Bhuvneshwar to Head, 1 run short on the pads, flicks it to deep square leg;
2.5;W;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, OUT taken by Kohli at cover again! Short ball, outside off, slapped straight to the fielder. Finch possibly undone by a little more lift off the pitch than he budgeted for.;Aaron Finch c Kohli b Kumar 8 (14m 8b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
2.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run back of a length and outside off, blocks it;
2.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run shortish delivery outside off, defends. And as Bhuvneshwar walks back, he drags his feet over the area where he lands on the popping crease, quite vigorously;
2.2;1;Bhuvneshwar to Henriques, 1 run superb strike, but mid-off runs to his left and dives to stop the ball from skirting past. Jadhav doing good work to stop a well timed off drive from Henriques;
2.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Henriques, no run gets up with a back of a length delivery outside off and blunts it;
1.6;?;Bumrah to Finch, no run full on off stump, drives to mid-on;
1.5;1;Bumrah to Henriques, 1 run sees width and so dabs a shortish delivery outside off to deep third man;
1.4;?;Bumrah to Henriques, no run back of a length on off stump, defends into midwicket;
1.3;W;Bumrah to Warner, OUT taken at cover! And Kohli goes wild. Takes the catch calmly, but a moment later he is hurtling the ball into the turf as if it had cut him off in traffic and dinged his Ferrari (he should have one right, being the new Tendulkar?). So Warner goes for another single-digit score, his fifth in nine T20 innings, his downfall brought about by a short ball angling across his body. Goes for the pull, but only the leading edge manifests;David Warner c Kohli b Bumrah 2 (8m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 40;
1.2;1;Bumrah to Finch, 1 run pitches it up further, and Finch, rooted to the crease because of that better length, defends off the inside edge;
1.1;4;Bumrah to Finch, FOUR runs too short and Finch simply helps it on its way to the backward square leg boundary. Fine shot, swivelling on his back leg;
0.6;2;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, 2 runs over the square leg fielder running back! Warner tries a short-arm pull, but his timing is all off. The ball goes off the top edge and eludes Chahal;
0.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run cramps him on middle and leg, Warner defends well;
0.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run back of a length, punches it to Kohli at cover;
0.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run pushes it to the left of backward point, but Pandey dives across to stop it. Excellent work.;
0.2;3;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, 3 runs goes wide of the crease to bowl the outswinger, but Finch is able to time is well enough, through cover point. Pandey chases it down, relays it to Kohli, who sends the throw in to Dhoni, who collects it to the right of the stumps, and flicks it between his legs onto the target. Warner is safe though;
0.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run darts into the right-hander, and Finch, who doesn't really move his feet, is struck on the thigh as he tries to find a single behind square leg;
0.1;1w;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, 1 wide good length ball, darting down the leg side. Finch aims a flick, but can't connect. Would've been a great ball to Warner, who is at the other end, and who has been struggling against Bhuvi this tour;

India don't do well defending small targets. The lowest they have set and then won is 139. And in Guwahati, they have to deal with a heck of a lot of dew. Anyway, here are Aaron Finch and David Warner. They don't have much to chase, and that's exactly how they'd like it considering they have to win today to keep the series alive. Bhuvneshwar Kumar to run in with the new ball. Two slips in place.
 Innings Start
India
Australia
2nd T20I (N), Guwahati, Oct 10 2017, Australia tour of India
118
122/2
Player of the match is Jason Behrendorff, AUS
Australia won by 8 wickets (with 27 balls remaining)
