Data
South Africa reach 146 for 7 which is a decent effort on a wicket that had some juice in it, particularly for the seamers. Duminy suggests they were looking for 160 in the interval interview, but they've done alright. He also suggests that the way to bowl to David Warner is to hit the top of off and remove his off bail with your first delivery. Good plan, perhaps they'll let him open the bowling? South Africa's seamers will be vital to their defence, and it'll be a tricky chase under lights. If Australia do make it, it'll be the highest ever run chase in a Twenty20 international at Newlands. Read all about South Africa's batting effort in Brydon Coverdale's report, and when you're done with that join us in a few minutes for the chase.
19.6;1lb;Watson to Theron, 1 leg bye a full toss strikes Theron on the pad as he backs to leg, and they hustle a leg bye to end the innings;
19.5;W;Watson to Peterson, OUT clatter! Peterson had an almighty heave across the line at a straight one, and his leg stump was knocked out of the ground. Not much in the way of a celebration from Watto, but that wicket will almost certainly keep South Africa to less than 150;Robin Peterson b Watson 6 (8m 4b 1x4 0x6) SR: 150;
19.4;4;Watson to Peterson, FOUR runs shot! Peterseon walks across his stumps - having noticed that fine leg had been brought up - and scoops a low full toss down to the boundary. And with that, fine leg is promptly sent back out again! Third man is up;
19.3;?;Watson to Peterson, no run Watson sends down a yorker outside off, and the ball slips under Peterson's flailing bat;
19.2;2;Watson to Peterson, 2 runs chipped down the ground ... and some great, committed fielding from Steve Smith saves the boundary. He charged after the ball, slid and tapped it back into the field. Classy stuff;
19.1;1;Watson to Kuhn, 1 run a spliced pull falls safely at deep midwicket! Heino Kuhn appeared to be startled by the short delivery, he was in no position to play the shot. It's hard to believe Watto's bowling could startle anyone, but there you go;
18.6;W;Cummins to Botha, OUT three wickets in the over! Again it's the slower ball that does the trick. Botha came charging down the track and didn't know quite what to do with the delivery once it got to him. He was aiming to leg, but the leading edge lobbed weakly to cover;Johan Botha c White b Cummins 4 (5m 2b 1x4 0x6) SR: 200;
18.6;1w;Cummins to Botha, 1 wide a bouncer from Cummins, but it's misdirected and called wide;
18.5;4;Cummins to Botha, FOUR runs that hat-trick ball is a swinging full toss aimed at middle, and it's flicked out to deep square by an emotionless Botha. Ah, and Marsh, on as a sub, slides right past it out on the boundary, allowing the four and drawing a barracking from the crowd;
18.4;W;Cummins to Miller, OUT two wickets in two balls! Both set batsmen have been dismissed attempting big shots. Cummins pitched this one up and a shot was on, but Miller could only loft it to Warner's hands at long off;David Miller c Warner b Cummins 20 (30m 19b 2x4 0x6) SR: 105.26;
18.3;W;Cummins to Duminy, OUT Cummins strikes with the slower delivery! It was another looping offcutter, which Duminy actualy seemed to have picked as he bent into a slog sweep. He sliced under the ball however, to send it rocketing up into the night sky and back down into Watson's lap at cover;Jean-Paul Duminy c Watson b Cummins 67 (60m 53b 6x4 3x6) SR: 126.41;
18.2;1;Cummins to Miller, 1 run the yorker this time, and it's squeezed out to backward point;
18.1;?;Cummins to Miller, no run good slower ball from Cummins. Miller had set himself for a massive mow but had to adjust at the last moment, pushing the ball back to the bowler;
15.6;1;Bollinger to Miller, 1 run hacked to midwicket, just the single;
15.5;?;Bollinger to Miller, no run nice comeback from Bollinger, who sends down a slower delivery on a length outside off to beat Miller's outside edge;
15.4;4;Bollinger to Miller, FOUR runs clobbered! There was a touch of Graeme Smith in this shot from Miller. He walked at the bowler and just clubbed it through extra cover. Plenty of muscle in the shot;
15.3;?;Bollinger to Miller, no run fired down the leg side. It kisses the thigh pad on the way through, however, and so not called wide;
15.2;1lb;Bollinger to Duminy, 1 leg bye Bollinger finds the toe end of the bat with a full delivery, the ball ricocheting into Duminy's pads and going nowhere. Still, they take the chance to hustle a quick single, Bollinger running across and hoofing the ball just past the stumps;
15.1;2;Bollinger to Duminy, 2 runs squeezed out through point, and Duminy hurries back for the second. Good, hard running;
14.6;1;Hussey to Duminy, 1 run again Duminy uses his feet, flicking the ball to midwicket;
14.5;4;Hussey to Duminy, FOUR runs swung away to fine leg! Hussey fired in another quicker one but it was misdirected down the leg side and Duminy sent it racing to the boundary with a paddle-pull;
14.4;1;Hussey to Miller, 1 run chipped in the air into the leg side, but falling well short of the fielder at long on;
14.3;1;Hussey to Duminy, 1 run hoicked out to deep midwicket, on the sweep.;
14.2;?;Hussey to Duminy, no run Duminy dances down and heaves. Fortunately for him he managed to get an inside edge on the shot;
14.1;2;Hussey to Duminy, 2 runs he arrows one at the pads first ball, and is tucked to square leg;
17.6;6;Pattinson to Duminy, SIX runs six more! What fantastic timing on the shot. Pattinson floated down another low full toss and Duminy slapped the drive up and over deep extra cover. This one went even further than the last!;
17.5;?;Pattinson to Duminy, no run another slower ball from Pattinson. Duminy didn't quite pick it, was too early into the shot, and ended up tapping it back to the bowler;
17.4;1;Pattinson to Miller, 1 run a cutter, on a length and a little straighter than the last delivery. Chopped to extra cover;
17.4;1w;Pattinson to Miller, 1 wide oh dear. Pattinson spears one down metres outside off, a definite wide. He's losing his composure a little;
17.3;1;Pattinson to Duminy, 1 run a low, dipping full toss now from Pattinson, and it's driven out to deep cover;
17.2;6;Pattinson to Duminy, SIX runs boom! Pattinson's length is really off here. Another back of a length delivery and Duminy's eyes just lit up, he stepped back and creamed it into the crowd beyond the deep midwicket boundary;
17.1;4;Pattinson to Duminy, FOUR runs swung away to deep midwicket! That's just the start Duminy will have been hoping for in this over. Good shot too, a pick-up off a length delivery;
16.6;4;Watson to Miller, FOUR runs off the bottom edge, and down to the third man boundary! The ball was fired in on a yorker length outside off, Miller swung hard and Wade had no chance of stopping it;
16.5;1;Watson to Duminy, 1 run clipped down the ground, and that's the half-century for Duminy. He's done really well to guide the innings after a wobbly start;
16.4;1;Watson to Miller, 1 run drilled down to long off. Both batsmen are hitting the ball really hard;
16.3;1;Watson to Duminy, 1 run Watson's back over the wicket now, and Duminy picks up a single with a jab to cover;
16.2;4;Watson to Duminy, FOUR runs a resounding crack off the bat as Duminy murders a pull to midwicket! This shot echoed round Newlands. Watson dropped it short without the pace to back up the length and Duminy absolutely hammered it away;
16.1;1;Watson to Miller, 1 run swiped down to long on, just the single;
13.6;1;Cummins to Duminy, 1 run another slow off cutter, aimed at the pads, and Duminy picks up a single with a nudge to backward square;
13.6;1w;Cummins to Duminy, 1 wide dug in short ... Too short, in fact, and he's called wide. That ballooned high over the ducking Duminy's head;
13.5;1;Cummins to Miller, 1 run Miller backs away to make some room, carving the ball out to wide long off;
13.4;?;Cummins to Miller, no run a touch wild from Cummins, who sprays down a high full toss outside off. He's not punished for it, however, Miller slapping the ball to point;
13.3;?;Cummins to Miller, no run fired in full and fast at the toes, Miller digs it out back to the bowler;
13.2;1;Cummins to Duminy, 1 run slower ball, and it's really slow! Duminy spotted it in good time, squeezing the ball through point;
13.1;1;Cummins to Miller, 1 run nudged off the hip through square leg, just the single;
12.6;4;Bollinger to Duminy, FOUR runs a fortuitous edge! Duminy was aiming to run the ball down to third man once again but ended up playing it much finer than he had hoped. Still, he'll take the boundary any way he can get it;
12.5;1;Bollinger to Miller, 1 run well played! Bollinger fired in a sharp yorker but Miller jabbed his bat down in time, and picked up a single as the ball rolled into the leg side;
12.4;2;Bollinger to Miller, 2 runs just short of a good length, outside off, and he's cut away through backward point;
12.3;1;Bollinger to Duminy, 1 run nicely played by Duminy, waiting on a length delivery and angling it deftly down to third man;
12.2;1;Bollinger to Miller, 1 run dug in at a feisty pace, Miller whipping the ball away from his ribs as he swivels on his back foot;
12.1;1;Bollinger to Duminy, 1 run forced through cover point off the back foot to get Miller on strike;
11.6;1;Pattinson to Duminy, 1 run cracked through cover on the up, just the single to be had;
11.5;W;Pattinson to Ingram, OUT the partnership is broken! Pattinson floated up a slower cutter outside off and Ingram scythed the drive over cover ... but couldn't get it over Cummins out on the boundary. That'll annoy the South Africans, these two were just starting to build some real momentum;Colin Ingram c Cummins b Pattinson 33 (39m 28b 3x4 1x6) SR: 117.85;
11.4;?;Pattinson to Ingram, no run Pattinson switches to round the wicket for the nuggety Ingram, and succeeds in cramping him for room;
11.3;1;Pattinson to Duminy, 1 run punched to deep mid-off with a high left elbow. They ran the single with great urgency, but there simply wasn't time for a second run;
11.2;?;Pattinson to Duminy, no run landing on a length this time, and Duminy knocks it back to the bowler, who threatens to throw down the stumps;
11.1;?;Pattinson to Duminy, no run dug in a little short by Pattinson. Duminy rocked back and set himself for an uppercut but the ball zoomed past his top edge. Good bounce in this wicket for the quicks;
10.6;1;O'Keefe to Duminy, 1 run the batsman makes contact this time and finds deep backward square;
10.5;?;O'Keefe to Duminy, no run touch shorter and takes Duminy on the pads;
10.4;1;O'Keefe to Ingram, 1 run fetched from outside off and swept out to deep midwicket;
10.3;?;O'Keefe to Ingram, no run pushed back to the bowler;
10.2;1;O'Keefe to Duminy, 1 run cut out to deep cover;
10.1;6;O'Keefe to Duminy, SIX runs that's a decent blow...O'Keefe's first ball disappears into the stand over midwicket and Duminy did really well because he was almost beaten in the flight;
9.6;?;Watson to Ingram, no run hint of desperation as Ingram tries to slog a full ball over the leg side but doesn't make contact;
9.5;?;Watson to Ingram, no run beats the outside edge as Ingram plays on the walk;
9.4;?;Watson to Ingram, no run round the wicket, full on off stump, driven square into the off side and a direct hit from point would have found the non-striker short but Steve Smith's aim isn't quite good enough;
9.3;1;Watson to Duminy, 1 run opens the face and sends this down to third man;
9.2;?;Watson to Duminy, no run dragged down short but Duminy can't take advantage as he fails to time his pull;
9.1;1;Watson to Ingram, 1 run dabbed away down to third man;
8.6;?;Hussey to Duminy, no run opens the face to backward point;
8.5;1;Hussey to Ingram, 1 run along the ground through midwicket and Warner in the action again as he races onto it to prevent a second;
8.4;1;Hussey to Duminy, 1 run uses his feet down the ground again;
8.3;1;Hussey to Ingram, 1 run worked away to the leg side;
8.2;6;Hussey to Ingram, SIX runs palmed for six! Even Warner couldn't catch this. Lofted down the ground and it kept long-on interested. Warner leapt, timed it well, got a hand on the ball but helped it over the boundary;
8.1;2;Hussey to Ingram, 2 runs chopped away through the off side and the cover sweeper dives near the boundary;
7.6;?;Pattinson to Duminy, no run another good one that scoots past the edge. South Africa not able to kick-on.;
7.5;?;Pattinson to Duminy, no run good follow-up, a slower ball that devices Duminy into playing too early and missing his dab;
7.4;4;Pattinson to Duminy, FOUR runs he breaks the shackles with a pick-up over midwicket and it was well clear of the fielders. Was a decent ball, just T20 batting;
7.3;?;Pattinson to Duminy, no run short ball that he ducked under...touched 90mph according to the speed fun;
7.2;1;Pattinson to Ingram, 1 run dropped into the off side and there's a good understand to get the single;
7.1;?;Pattinson to Ingram, no run hint of width but Ingram can't put it away as he plays and misses with a flamboyant drive;
6.6;?;Hussey to Duminy, no run cramps Duminy for room on the back foot and he can't get it away. Tight start from Hussey, who will race through his overs;
6.5;1;Hussey to Ingram, 1 run nice inside-out drive through cover;
6.4;1;Hussey to Duminy, 1 run worked out to deep midwicket;
6.3;1;Hussey to Ingram, 1 run plays a paddle sweep but it doesn't really come off and lobs away for a single towards short fine-leg;
6.2;1;Hussey to Duminy, 1 run tossed up by Hussey and it's greeted by an expansive drive down the ground;
6.1;1;Hussey to Ingram, 1 run round the wicket and tucked into the leg side;
5.6;?;Pattinson to Duminy, no run driven firmly to mid-off who is fairly deep but can stop the single;
5.5;?;Pattinson to Duminy, no run backward point in action as he fields a square drive...Pattinson pitching full which encourages the drive;
5.4;?;Pattinson to Duminy, no run he's getting plenty of chances to play his drive, but this one is nearly spooned to cover as it stops a fraction in the surface;
5.3;?;Pattinson to Duminy, no run driven into the off side;
5.2;2;Pattinson to Duminy, 2 runs he follows that with another one but this time isn't timed quite so well;
5.1;4;Pattinson to Duminy, FOUR runs things are starting to flow a little now, this time it's a cover drive from Duminy that races through the off-side field;
4.6;?;Watson to Ingram, no run full and wide from Watson, almost another boundary but this time he picks out cover who makes a diving save;
4.5;4;Watson to Ingram, FOUR runs another boundary, and again driven square through the off side as Inrgam frees his arms to bisect cover and backward point;
4.4;1;Watson to Duminy, 1 run driven up to mid-off and they just need to scurry a touch to make the single;
4.3;?;Watson to Duminy, no run into the fifth over but Duminy decides to shoulder arms outside off;
4.2;4lb;Watson to Duminy, 4 leg byes swing from Watson and it clips the pad, rather than bat, and Wade can't quite get across with a dive;
4.1;?;Watson to Duminy, no run starts very full and quite wide, jabbed into the off side;
3.6;4;Cummins to Ingram, FOUR runs more good timing, this time through the leg side as he flicks it off middle and leg. Unlike in the previous over it has the pace to cross the boundary;
3.5;4;Cummins to Ingram, FOUR runs first full half-volley from an Australia bowler and it's put away with a strong square drive...much-needed for South Africa;
3.4;1;Cummins to Duminy, 1 run on leg stump, Duminy goes to flick it away and gets a leading edge but it lands away from the fielders;
3.3;?;Cummins to Duminy, no run excellent bouncer, good line over middle and off and Duminy - who has a history against the short ball - sways his head out of the way;
3.2;?;Cummins to Duminy, no run down the leg side but it feathers the pad through to the keeper so Cummins escapes a wide;
3.1;1;Cummins to Ingram, 1 run on the hip and flicked to fine leg;
2.6;W;Bollinger to Ingram, 2 runs, OUT gone! Brilliant work from David Warner in the deep and his bullet-arm has beaten Amla. Ingram pulled the ball, off a good length, over midwicket but it didn't have the legs to reach the rope and coming back for a third Amla was a little off the pace. The throw was a little away from the stumps, but Wade had time to get it back;Hashim Amla run out (Warner/?Wade) 4 (13m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
2.5;?;Bollinger to Ingram, no run tight line on off stump and it's pushed to backward point...good pressure here from Bollinger;
2.4;?;Bollinger to Ingram, no run short ball from Bollinger...this one loops off the surface and beats Ingram's attempt at a pull. Was fairly close to a wide, but he gets away with it;
2.3;?;Bollinger to Ingram, no run just backs a little to leg to give himself some room but can't beat backward point as he opens the face;
2.2;1;Bollinger to Amla, 1 run that's typical of Amla, jumps onto the back foot then aims to whip the ball into the leg side although this time he couldn't find the gap as mid-on does the fielding;
2.1;1;Bollinger to Ingram, 1 run back of a length, nips back into Ingram and an inside edge comes off the pad square on the off side;
1.6;1;Cummins to Ingram, 1 run good length on middle stump, Ingram comes forward and a think inside edge finds a large space on the leg side;
1.5;1;Cummins to Amla, 1 run hint of width this time but Amla can't really time his back-foot drive and it rolls between cover and mid-off;
1.4;?;Cummins to Amla, no run fuller this time on off stump, Amla meets it with a well-timed drive but picks out mid-off;
1.3;?;Cummins to Amla, no run angled into the right hander and it's flicked off the hip but straight to short fine-leg;
1.2;?;Cummins to Amla, no run that flew! Short of a length and it climbs off the surface to beat Amla's attempt at an upper cut;
1.1;2;Cummins to Amla, 2 runs drifts into Amla's hip and he flicks it away through midwicket to open his account as captain;
0.6;W;Bollinger to Smith, OUT bowled him! A flat-footed Smith pokes outside off, the ball nips in off the seam and takes the inside edge, clattering into the stumps. First blood to Australia;Graeme Smith b Bollinger 0 (5m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
0.6;1w;Bollinger to Smith, 1 wide hurled down the leg side, another wide. A bit of a mixed bag, this over from Bollinger. Some magical deliveries, some utter filth;
0.5;?;Bollinger to Smith, no run stifled appeal! Bollinger pushed this one right up to Smith, whose feet went absolutely nowhere. The ball thudded into the pads off a thick inside edge, which was quickly spotted by the umpire as the appeal went up;
0.4;?;Bollinger to Smith, no run Smith is looking just a little flustered out there after a fantastic bouncer from Bollinger. Smith appeared to lose sight of it, ducking very late as he turned away from the rearing delivery;
0.3;?;Bollinger to Smith, no run on a length and straight, Smith stays deep in the crease to defend. There's a cheer from the crowd as he lays bat on ball.;
0.2;?;Bollinger to Smith, no run beaten outside off! Well, there's life in this early-season wicket after all. Again, this hit the seam and left Smith;
0.1;?;Bollinger to Smith, no run bounce and movement outside off! Bollinger floated this one right up to the batsman, but wide outside off. Smith through himself into the drive, but the ball seamed sharply away from him. Good take behind the wicket too;
0.1;1w;Bollinger to Smith, 1 wide Doug Bollinger's first ball in an international Twenty20 is sprayed down the leg side, and called wide;

b>5.50pm Not long to go before the action begins. Early-season conditions so will be interesting to see what a decent total is.
Just reminder, Dale Steyn has been rested for this series along with Jacques Kallis.
"Excited to see how Amla leads the side," says Sid, "and hopeful to see him going home with the win against Aussies." He's nailed his colours to the mast early
5.40pm Firdose has battled the traffic jams and is perched in the excellent Newlands press box. "Still not full in the stadium, grass embankments packed though," she says.
"Some interesting individual contests to come," says James. "Cummins to Smith, and looking forward to Steyn and Morkel against the two W's (Watson and Warner) later." It's a shame that Steyn will only appear when the one-dayers start, but the sentiment is true
5.30pm South Africa have won the toss and will bat, so that's a decent start for Amla
Australia have named four T20 debutants: Matthew Wade, Doug Bollonger, Patrick Cummins and James Pattinson. Full team shortly.
South Africa Graeme Smith, Hashim Amla (capt), Colin Ingram, JP Duminy, David Miller, Heino Kuhn (wk), Johan Botha, Robin Peterson, Lonwabo Tsotobe, Morne Morkel, Rusty Theron
Australia Shane Watson, David Warner, Shaun Marsh, David Hussey, Cameron White (capt), Steve Smith, Matthew Wade (wk), Steve O'Keefe, James Pattinson, Patrick Cummins, Doug Bollinger
5.25pm The good news to bring you is that it has brightened up in Cape Town after a cloudy start to the day and we should be set for a full game. Don't forget, Australia are without Brett Lee and Patrick Cummins, the New South Wales quick, is set for his debut. We will bring you the teams and toss news shortly.
5.20pm Hello everyone and welcome to coverage of the first Twenty20 international between South Africa and Australia from Cape Town. I'm Andrew McGlashan and along with Liam Brickhill will bring you all the action, while Firdose Moonda is at the ground and Brydon Coverdale will be giving his view in the report.
This is a short and sharp tour; two T20s, three ODIs and, the real shame, just two Tests. As Brydon says here it isn't really enough, but better than nothing.
This match, meanwhile, marks the captaincy debut of Hashim Amla who is standing in for the injured AB de Villiers. Firdose took a look at the challenge facing him and the team after a long lay-off.
 Innings Start
So, we've had a match that just about went the full distance, but Australia were in charge for almost all of their run chase and have started their tour with a five-wicket victory at Newlands. As good as JP Duminy's knock was, South Africa's 146 always looked a little under par. They would, of course, have given themselves a much better chance had they held their catches in the field. Smith dropped one at slip - allowing Watson, who went on to make fifty, a life - and Botha put down to very hard chances. Read all about Australia's victory in Brydon Coverdale's report, and stick with us for the presentations and interviews.
"Drop catches, lose matches! Drop catches, lose matches! Drop catches, lose matches! Hope I don't have to say it again!" So do I, Doc.
"As frustrated I may be, when you look at our team, its easy to be happy, Steyn, Tahir, AB and Kallis all still need to come in. We shouldn't look too deeply into this match." Fair point, Zubair Haffajee.
"I think we've had some good training sessions, I don't want to put any excuses on that," says losing captain Hashim Amla. "We could have done a few things better in the field. From 10 for 2, JP did well to get us to 146. It was a good effort to take this match to the last over. With the start Australia had, Watson did well to give them momentum, and I'm proud of the way we pulled it back."
Cameron white gets a cheque for R30,000 as winning captain. He looks stoked. "We made hard work of it at the end, but it's nice to get the victory. We've only got six more t20s before the t20 world cup, so they're all important. This is an exciting team, it's a nice balance and some good players."
Shane Watson is the man of the match, he only gets R6,000, but he seems pretty happy too.
Thanks for joining us today. Andrew McGlashan and Liam Brickhill were your commentary team, with Brydon Coverdale on bulletin duties and Firdose Moonda filing from Newlands. Do join us for England's match against India tomorrow, and don't forget that Australia and South Africa will be meeting in the second Twenty20 at the Wanderers on Sunday. Goodbye!
19.3;1;Theron to Smith, 1 run a slower ball is cracked past two diving fielders at midwicket, and there's the game for Australia!;
19.2;4;Theron to Smith, FOUR runs a slashed square drive brings Australia level! Smith has played some horrific shots this evening, but this was a good one. He angled the bat just right to pick the gap, and timed it pretty well too;
19.1;1;Theron to Wade, 1 run in the air ... and safe! Wade lofted the ball down towards long on, or at least tried to, it was a slower ball and it looked to have flummoxed him. Botha came charging in from long on but couldn't get to it;
18.6;?;Tsotsobe to Smith, no run past the edge! Smith stood frozen at the crease and swung at a length delivery, the ball buzzing past his outside edge;
18.5;W;Tsotsobe to Hussey, OUT gone! Hussey falls. He was trying to end the match with a single shot, clearing the left leg and slogging across the line. It was a slower ball from Tsotsobe, he sliced underneath it, and Duminy safely pouched the skied shot. Can South Africa pull it back from here?;David Hussey c Duminy b Tsotsobe 25 (41m 27b 1x4 1x6) SR: 92.59;
18.4;1lb;Tsotsobe to Smith, 1 leg bye Tsotsobe strikes Smith on the pad and they set off for a single as the ball goes nowhere. Tsotsobe raced Hussey to the other end, and Tsotsobe's left boot couldn't get the ball onto the stumps;
18.3;1;Tsotsobe to Hussey, 1 run another length delivery, and it's chopped to extra cover for a single;
18.2;?;Tsotsobe to Hussey, no run past the edge! Tsotsobe zinged one down on a length, Hussey backed away to cut but couldn't lay bat on ball;
18.1;6;Tsotsobe to Hussey, SIX runs good grief, where has this landed? There was a real buzz in the crowd as Tsotsobe charged in, but Hussey just skipped down the track and sent the ball straight back over his head. Huge six, just huge. Is that the game?;
17.6;1;Morkel to Hussey, 1 run dropped by Botha at backward point! The ball leapt on Hussey off a length as he backed away and poked, flying low to Botha's left. He did really well just to get to it, but again it didn't stick;
17.5;1;Morkel to Smith, 1 run that's better, he stands up on tip-toe to ride the bounce and get the ball to third man;
17.4;?;Morkel to Smith, no run oh dear, what a horrid shot - if you can even call it that - from Smith. He cleared the left leg and flailed at the ball in ungainly fashion, a rising delivery beating his top edge. Filthy shot;
17.3;1;Morkel to Hussey, 1 run it's a tip-and-run single to cover, but this was very tight. A direct hit from Duminy, running in from point, may well have caught him short. The throw, however, is wide;
17.2;?;Morkel to Hussey, no run Hussey charges out aggressively at Morkel, but swings across the line too much and ends up toe-ending it to midwicket. He exposed all three stumps for the shot too ...;
17.1;1;Morkel to Smith, 1 run he offers up some width on a length delivery first up, and it's cut down to third man;
16.6;1;Peterson to Smith, 1 run tapped to cover, the call is immediate and they charge through for a single;
16.5;?;Peterson to Smith, no run flighted up temptingly by Peterson, and Smith drives back to the bowler;
16.4;1;Peterson to Hussey, 1 run a touch too short, and the ball is punched out to deep cover off the back foot;
16.3;?;Peterson to Hussey, no run driven back down the wicket, and Peterson does well to slide across and field off his own bowling;
16.2;W;Peterson to White, OUT gone this time! White tried to repeat the shot but swung across this one a little. The ball went really high again, but the distance wasn't there and Miller set himself beneath the swirling chance. Well, Australia still shouldn't panic, but this wicket will have given South Africa hope;Cameron White c Miller b Peterson 28 (25m 22b 1x4 1x6) SR: 127.27;
16.1;6;Peterson to White, SIX runs a towering hit! White is hurrying South Africa's demise here. He jumped out at Peterson and sent the ball sailing into the night sky over long on with a controlled thwack;
15.6;1;Duminy to White, 1 run slammed in the air past the bowler! Duminy leapt to his left to attempt the caught-and-bowled, but the ball was past him in a flash;
15.5;?;Duminy to White, no run is this a drop? Botha was at short extra cover and the drive was hit hard and low, but straight to him. He got a hand to it, but it didn't stick. Dropped, and Duminy has his hands on his head. A stinging chance, but you've got to take them;
15.4;1;Duminy to Hussey, 1 run fired down flat and fast, the paddle pull goes to short fine leg but they still managed a scampered single;
15.3;1;Duminy to White, 1 run drilled down to long off for one;
15.2;?;Duminy to White, no run good fielding at midwicket! White clipped off his toes and it looked like an easy single to long on, but the midwicket fielder charged round to cut it off;
15.1;1;Duminy to Hussey, 1 run driven through midwicket, just the one;
14.6;?;Peterson to White, no run a reverse sweep from White, but he doesn't get close to timing it and backward point is in in a flash;
14.5;2;Peterson to White, 2 runs a chipped drive sails over extra cover, and they're back for the second as long off charges round;
14.4;1;Peterson to Hussey, 1 run tapped through cover for one;
14.3;1;Peterson to White, 1 run White backs away and hacks at an innocuous flighted delivery, just the single;
14.2;?;Peterson to White, no run nicely straight once again, and White can only flick to midwicket;
14.1;?;Peterson to White, no run huge appeal first ball! Peterson got one to slide on with the arm from round the wicket, striking White on the back pad. Going down though, and possibly inside edged too;
13.6;4;Theron to Hussey, FOUR runs muscled into the leg side, and a misfield by the midwicket fielder gives away a boundary. Australia are cruising towards the win here, South Africa need something special;
13.5;1;Theron to White, 1 run a touch too straight from Theron this time, and White works it off the hip for a single;
13.4;1;Theron to Hussey, 1 run nudged close in on the leg side, they steal a quick single;
13.3;1;Theron to White, 1 run White attempts to run this one down, but is cramped for room again as the ball moves in off the pitch;
13.2;4;Theron to White, FOUR runs shot! Power and class from White. He just lofted straight down the ground, letting his left elbow lead and not losing his shape in the shot;
13.1;?;Theron to White, no run Theron continues, and finds some grip off the surface with the offcutter. Importantly, the delivery is straight too, giving White no width to work with;
12.6;?;Botha to Hussey, no run Botha ends a tight over with another dot ball, White flicking to midwicket again. Good spell from the former captain, but you'd still have to back Australia to win from this position;
12.5;2;Botha to Hussey, 2 runs a slashed square drive dribbles out to deep cover point, a couple more runs to the total;
12.4;1;Botha to White, 1 run worked with the turn into the leg side, and that brings up Australia's 100;
12.3;1;Botha to Hussey, 1 run driven down to long on for a single;
12.2;?;Botha to Hussey, no run flicked to midwicket, and Duminy is the fielder pinged this time;
12.1;?;Botha to Hussey, no run Botha flings down a quicker arm ball, Hussey driving hard back to the bowler. That's stung his fingers a touch;
11.6;2;Theron to White, 2 runs a slashing cut goes down to third man again. I'm not sure what the plan is here from Theron, but surely it cannot be to dish up long-hops outside off and hope he thwacks one to cover. A listless over from the ginger seamer;
11.5;2;Theron to White, 2 runs nicely played by White, who picked the slower one and angled the bat face to get the ball to third man. They ran really hard too, and White was easily back for the second;
11.4;2;Theron to White, 2 runs glanced down to fine leg, just a hint of inside edge in the shot there ...;
11.3;2;Theron to White, 2 runs width once more, and the ball is cracked out to deep cover with a firm punch. Smith cleans up on the boundary;
11.2;1;Theron to Hussey, 1 run Theron offers up a short, wide long-hop at friendly pace, but Hussey's hopping cut is stopped at third man;
11.1;1;Theron to White, 1 run seam movement! Theron nips one in off the pitch, taking the inside half of the bat. The ball rolls to short fine leg;
10.6;?;Botha to Hussey, no run the offspinner is clipped with the turn to wide mid-on;
10.5;?;Botha to Hussey, no run Hussey comes forward with bat and pad firmly together to defend to extra cover;
10.4;1;Botha to White, 1 run flighted in the breeze by Botha, the ball gripping and taking the inside half of the bat, rolling to square leg;
10.3;W;Botha to Marsh, OUT chopped on! Bowled! South Africa are back in the game now. Botha had flighted a couple but this one was fired in fast and flat from round the wicket. Marsh may not have quite read the change of pace, he backed away looking to cut but the ball rushed on with the arm, took the bottom edge and disturbed the leg bail;Shaun Marsh b Botha 25 (47m 19b 3x4 0x6) SR: 131.57;
10.2;1;Botha to Hussey, 1 run flighted once again by Botha, and Hussey eases him down to long on;
10.1;1;Botha to Marsh, 1 run tossed up on middle, whipped off the toes and out into the deep;
9.6;?;Morkel to Hussey, no run good finish to the over, in the channel outside off and Hussey shoulders arms;
9.5;2;Morkel to Hussey, 2 runs too much width this time and Hussey cuts it strongly, wide enough of the sweeper for a second;
9.4;?;Morkel to Hussey, no run well bowled, comes back into Hussey as he defends from the crease;
9.3;?;Morkel to Hussey, no run good carry outside off stump and Hussey watches his first ball go through;
9.2;W;Morkel to Watson, OUT gone! The move works, Morkel gets the breakthrough. Watson went to work to leg and gets a leading edge that loops to cover for a simple catch;Shane Watson c Miller b Morkel 52 (45m 39b 6x4 2x6) SR: 133.33;
9.1;?;Morkel to Watson, no run starts with a short one outside off, Watson drops his hands and lets it go through;
8.6;1;Botha to Watson, 1 run full and worked down the ground. Australia don't need to try anything too grand here;
8.5;?;Botha to Watson, no run wide outside off but he gets away with it as Watson cuts to backward point;
8.4;1;Botha to Marsh, 1 run tossed up on middle stump, driven firmly down the ground;
8.3;?;Botha to Marsh, no run good stop at cover, it was another well-timed drive from Marsh who is ticking now. Duminy felt that;
8.2;4;Botha to Marsh, FOUR runs superb placement from Marsh as he drives through the off side after being offered width from Botha;
8.1;1;Botha to Watson, 1 run doesn't quite middle the pull this time and it rolls down to long on;
7.6;4;Peterson to Marsh, FOUR runs dragged down short again, plenty of time for Marsh to whip it away through midwicket. This is running away from South Africa;
7.5;4;Peterson to Marsh, FOUR runs leaking runs very quickly now. Marsh steps back and cuts through backward point;
7.4;1;Peterson to Watson, 1 run touch of luck for the batsman as he gets an inside edge past the stumps but it's enough to take Watson to fifty from 34 balls;
7.3;2;Peterson to Watson, 2 runs short again, poor start from Peterson, and it's cut powerful through the covers and the cover sweeper is nearly beaten by the spin;
7.2;6;Peterson to Watson, SIX runs that has gone miles. Horrid ball, dragged down, and Watson dispatches it into the stands over long on;
7.1;?;Peterson to Watson, no run brilliant fielding to back up the bowler, David Miller at point stops a strong cut from Watson;
6.6;1;Botha to Watson, 1 run swept powerfully out to deep square-leg;
6.5;?;Botha to Watson, no run flicked with a strong bottom hand from outside off but can't beat the bowler;
6.4;?;Botha to Watson, no run punched off the back foot out to midwicket;
6.3;4;Botha to Watson, FOUR runs nice paddle-sweep, he exposed all his stumps so good job he made contact and it raced away;
6.2;1;Botha to Marsh, 1 run not much turn for Botha, Marsh forces into the off side where backward point dives well;
6.1;2;Botha to Marsh, 2 runs cut away from around off stump out to the cover sweeper who makes a good save;
5.6;4;Theron to Watson, FOUR runs that's just class. A perfect straight drive whistles back past the bowler to complete a productive over for Australia;
5.5;4;Theron to Watson, FOUR runs trying to make the most of the last few Powerplay deliveries, he fetches this from outside off and launches it high over mid-on;
5.4;4;Theron to Watson, FOUR runs terrific shot, just a hint of width from Theron and Watson unleashes a powerful square drive;
5.3;1;Theron to Marsh, 1 run opens the face and gets it down to third man;
5.2;1;Theron to Watson, 1 run drifting towards leg stump and it's flicked out to deep square;
5.1;1;Theron to Marsh, 1 run slower ball on the stumps, pushed into the off side and cover is fairly deep;
4.6;?;Tsotsobe to Watson, no run good comeback, bounces a touch and is awkward to defend as Watson comes forward;
4.5;4lb;Tsotsobe to Watson, 4 leg byes that's a shame, spoils the over as he slips outside leg stump and it takes the pad past the wicketkeeper;
4.4;?;Tsotsobe to Watson, no run this is an excellent over, another dot ball as Watson defends a slower back to the bowler;
4.3;1;Tsotsobe to Marsh, 1 run tight line on middle and off but he drops it square to rotate the strike;
4.2;?;Tsotsobe to Marsh, no run offered some width but doesn't connect with a flat-footed drive;
4.1;?;Tsotsobe to Marsh, no run on off stump, Marsh comes forward but can't find a gap in the off side;
3.6;?;Morkel to Watson, no run driven down to mid-on;
3.5;3;Morkel to Marsh, 3 runs opens his stance a touch and drives in the air over square cover. A hard chase from Duminy cuts off the boundary;
3.4;1;Morkel to Watson, 1 run short delivery which is pulled out to deep square;
3.3;?;Morkel to Watson, no run nips back a touch at Watson who defends to the off side;
3.2;1;Morkel to Marsh, 1 run opens the face down to third man;
3.1;?;Morkel to Marsh, no run well bowled, banged in short and it beats Marsh's pull so the batsman misses out;
3.1;1nb;Morkel to Marsh, (no ball) ooh, that's costly in T20, a no-ball...left alone outside off but it will be a free hit next. Replays show that was a harsh call, he had part of his heel behind the line;
2.6;2;Tsotsobe to Watson, 2 runs now he goes over the top down the ground, it clears mid-off comfortably but it's timed perfectly and plugs in the outfield;
2.5;6;Tsotsobe to Watson, SIX runs ah, that's the Watson we've become used to seeing...touch short again and this time he latches on with a big pull over deep square-leg;
2.4;?;Tsotsobe to Watson, no run touch fuller this time, brings Watson forward and he defends to mid-off;
2.3;?;Tsotsobe to Watson, no run defended solidly into the off side;
2.2;2;Tsotsobe to Watson, 2 runs outside leg stump, flicked towards long leg who can't prevent the second;
2.1;?;Tsotsobe to Watson, no run goes for a pull, probably wasn't quite as a short as Watson thought and the ball scoots under the shot;
1.6;1;Morkel to Watson, 1 run flicked off the stumps down to long leg;
1.5;1;Morkel to Marsh, 1 run full on middle to the left hander, Marsh doesn't really move his feet and gets an inside edge down to fine leg;
1.4;1;Morkel to Watson, 1 run probing length on off stump, draws the batsman forward and there's a misfield at point to allow a single;
1.4;1w;Morkel to Watson, 1 wide fired down the leg side but an excellent dive from Kuhn prevents more than just one extra run;
1.3;4;Morkel to Watson, FOUR runs what timing! He just pushes at this and it races past mid-off. Drop followed by boundary. Isn't it always thus?;
1.2;4;Morkel to Watson, FOUR runs dropped Oh dear, Smith's put one down and he's not having a good day. It wasn't a sitter, but Smith normally gobbles them. It was another big drive from Watson and took a healthy edge that flew high and to Smith's left;
1.1;?;Morkel to Watson, no run good start with the ball, too, as he pitches full outside off and Watson misses a booming drive;
0.6;1;Tsotsobe to Watson, 1 run goes to drive, loses control of the bat a touch and it skews away through midwicket;
0.5;?;Tsotsobe to Watson, no run superb work at backward point from Duminy. Watson opened the face and it looked as though he beat the fielder, but Duminy flew to his left;
0.5;1w;Tsotsobe to Watson, 1 wide another short ball, some decent pace, but it's too far over the batsman's head and called wide;
0.4;?;Tsotsobe to Watson, no run pushed across outside off to Watson who leaves alone;
0.3;W;Tsotsobe to Warner, OUT gone! What a start for South Africa, Warner departs. A direct hit from short fine-leg. It was a short ball to start with which Warner didn't play very well as he got into a tangle trying to pull, it lobbed in front of short fine-leg who then took aim and hit direct. Superb from Morne Morkel.;David Warner run out (Morkel) 0 (2m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
0.2;1;Tsotsobe to Watson, 1 run back of a length, opens the face towards backward point and they chance a single to the alert JP Duminy;
0.1;?;Tsotsobe to Watson, no run starts full on middle, hint of swing, driven firmly to mid-on;

Welcome back. Andrew here for the start of the run chase. Tsotsobe with the new ball.
 Innings Start
South Africa
Australia
1st T20I (N), Cape Town, Oct 13 2011, Australia tour of South Africa
146/7
147/5
Player of the match is Shane Watson, AUS
Australia won by 5 wickets (with 3 balls remaining)
