Data
Dan Brettig has it all in his innings report. You guys read that, or Sid Monga's explanation of the DJ Hussey controversy, while I check out the entire transcript of the Dhoni presser chronicles. See you on the other side of the break.
A thoroughly engrossing session of play, with all the ebbs and flows that make ODI cricket fun to watch. Swing from Praveen to start off, early damage to Australia, followed by a tempered 50 from Warner. His dismissal was pivotal to the course of the game, as it put Irfan out of commission, even as it took Warner out of the equation. India had to bowl part-timers to make up the over-rate and Irfan's quota. That allowed Wade and DJ Hussey to settle in superbly for the big swing. Who would have thought that India were about to pull the carpet from below Aussie feet in the last 10, and that too through Sehwag and Umesh Yadav... Add a controversial obstructing the field incident, and you have all the elements for an engrossing suspense thriller of Stieg Larsson-esque proportions.
49.6;W;Sehwag to Christian, OUT another wicket for Sehwag. Australia have made only 47 in the last 10 overs, and that despite 13 runs coming in this over. Christian skipped out, got to the pitch and muscled this strongly down to long on, but he didn't have the elevation to clear the boundary. Well held in the deep, and there are smiles on the Indian faces as the trot off.;Dan Christian c Jadeja b Sehwag 24 (45m 32b 2x4 0x6) SR: 75;
49.5;2;Sehwag to Christian, 2 runs poor throw from Gambhir allows Christian to pinch a second. Length ball, he skipped out to slam it over the leg side, but mis-hit it through square leg. Gambhir ran in from the deep and his throw came through slowly, bounced twice and was a good two yards off the stumps. Christian was in by the time Dhoni could break the stumps.;
49.4;1;Sehwag to Doherty, 1 run over-pitches a slow and full ball well wide off off stump. Doherty carves it over the covers for one.;
49.3;6;Sehwag to Doherty, SIX runs ah, the Sehwag magic is fading in the last over. Doherty goes down on a knee and heaves a length ball miles over the midwicket boundary.;
49.2;2;Sehwag to Doherty, 2 runs tossed up outside off, and sparks fly 20 yards from the cover fence where Kohli pulls off a magical save. He ran across fast to his left and dived full length to save a sure four.;
49.1;2;Sehwag to Doherty, 2 runs Full ball, tossed up outside off and Dohertly slogs laboriously to long-on for two.;
48.6;2;Praveen to Christian, 2 runs PK's lack of pace means Dan Christian's well-executed ramp shot doesn't go for four. 120 kph on a full length delivery outside off. Christian shuffles across and laps it over short fine leg and gets a couple as fine leg comes around to field.;
48.5;1;Praveen to Doherty, 1 run full length to Doherty at 123 kph, he drills it into the ground and PK leaps to parry it to mid-off. Single taken.;
48.4;1;Praveen to Christian, 1 run India somehow seem to have fielders everywhere now. Horror ball from PK, full toss down the leg side, and Christian manages to swing it straight to Irfan on the boundary behind square.;
48.3;1;Praveen to Doherty, 1 run super tight lines. Doherty advances and moves to the leg side as he does, and PK follows him. Straight on the boot, squeezed to the leg side for a single.;
48.2;?;Praveen to Doherty, no run full length ball squeezes past Doherty's outside edge as he tries to drive through the off side.;
48.1;1;Praveen to Christian, 1 run full and straight at the toes as Dan Christian chips out of the crease. Only a single available as the ball dribbles to the off side.;
47.6;?;Sehwag to Doherty, no run another one curls in out of Sehwag's fingers. Doherty chops it listlessly to point. Boy, how fast the tables have turned since Yadav came back on!;
47.5;?;Sehwag to Doherty, no run drift outside off stump, Doherty mistimes the cut to point.;
47.4;1;Sehwag to Christian, 1 run length ball on the pads, Dan C goes back and works a single behind square.;
47.3;W;Sehwag to Lee, OUT and now Lee is gone. Having fired a couple through, Sehwag slows this one in the air and holds it back to hoodwink Lee as he charges out of the crease. He ends up swinging his swipe across the line, and the ball goes straight to Kohli at deep square leg.;Brett Lee c Kohli b Sehwag 4 (14m 15b 0x4 0x6) SR: 26.66;
47.2;?;Sehwag to Lee, no run flat and fast outside off, Lee goes back and hacks straight to Irfan in the off side. The momentum is gone.;
47.1;1;Sehwag to Christian, 1 run short ball, Christian pulls it hard but there's protection at deep midwicket, so he gets only one.;
46.6;1lb;Yadav to Christian, 1 leg bye that nipped in at pace, Christian couldn't get the bat on it and it goes off the pad to the off side for a leg bye.;
46.5;4;Yadav to Christian, FOUR runs yorker misses the mark by an inch or so, and at Yadav's pace that's all it takes. Christian flicks it expertly through midwicket and the ball disappears through to the ropes.;
46.4;?;Yadav to Christian, no run slow legspinner, stops and sleeps on Christian who hacks to the off side. Raina rumbles in to cut off the single.;
46.3;1;Yadav to Lee, 1 run slower ball to Lee, who laboriously drags it through wide mid-on for a single.;
46.2;1;Yadav to Christian, 1 run short ball now, Christian bunts for a single.;
46.1;?;Yadav to Christian, no run Yadav does extremely well to make that look like a chance. Christan blasts a length ball straight back down the track and Yadav gets his hands to it, but it doesn't stick. Thankfully, the fingers don't fall off.;
37.6;?;Ashwin to Wade, no run back of a length, Wade tries to nudge square but can't get the gap. Two dots to end another Ashwin over.;
37.5;?;Ashwin to Wade, no run fuller on the pads, Wade leans out and works it to the leg side.;
37.4;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run on the pads to DJ, who whips it into the midwicket for a single.;
37.3;1;Ashwin to Wade, 1 run fuller length, pushed in front of square for one.;
37.2;6;Ashwin to Wade, SIX runs Ashwin's turn now to bowl an ugly long-hop and Wade has shredded it with a visceral pull over midwicket for six. That's his 50, and he's been allowed to play really well here.;
37.1;?;Ashwin to Wade, no run back of a length, Wade tries to force to the leg side but can't get it away.;
36.6;1;Praveen to Wade, 1 run on the pads now, Wade whips and sprints for a single.;
36.5;1;Praveen to Hussey, 1 run PK slips down the leg side and DJ glances down to fine leg. They want two, but Tendulkar has the strongest arm in this side. He fires in a howitzer throw, and Wade wisely abandons ideas of the second.;
36.4;1;Praveen to Wade, 1 run short ball now, Wade sets up nicely and pulls hard, but there's protection in the deep.;
36.3;2;Praveen to Wade, 2 runs length ball on the pads, Wade tickles it through square leg and thet hustle back for a second before Jadeja can run in and cover it.;
36.2;?;Praveen to Wade, no run back of a length again, Wade looks for the dab behind point but finds the fielder. Single denied once more.;
36.1;?;Praveen to Wade, no run short of a length outside off from round the stumps. Steered to point.;
45.6;?;Sehwag to Lee, no run Lee tries to sweep a full ball on the stumps, but it hits the pad. India appeal for the lbw, but it is not given. Pitched outside leg.;
45.5;?;Sehwag to Lee, no run pitches this one up, and Lee pushes it back down the track.;
45.4;1;Sehwag to Christian, 1 run on the pads, tucked square for a single.;
45.3;1;Sehwag to Lee, 1 run Gambhir is the one man having a wonky day. Length ball on the pads, worked behind square leg and Gambhir over-runs it but it doesn't cost a second.;
45.2;?;Sehwag to Lee, no run Lee leans out and works a full ball to mid-on.;
45.1;1;Sehwag to Christian, 1 run tossed up full outside off stump, swept square for a single.;
44.6;?;Yadav to Lee, no run another big curve ball that comes in at pace. Lee can't get it away. Bright phase this for India.;
44.6;1w;Yadav to Lee, 1 wide the slower ball goes down the leg side and is called a wide.;
44.5;?;Yadav to Lee, no run 136 kph on a lifting short ball that gave Lee absolutely no room. He tried to upper cut from beside his face, and made no contact.;
44.4;?;Yadav to Lee, no run back of a length outside off stump, Lee can't get any power on the square drive and it goes straight to point.;
44.3;1;Yadav to Christian, 1 run slower ball at 113 kph, drops it fractionally short and Christian pulls. There's protection at deep midwicket, and it is one of the honorary members of the SCG.;
44.2;?;Yadav to Christian, no run Australia are getting stuck now. Full length ball comes in towards the pads and Christian works it straight to Sehwag at midwicket.;
44.1;?;Yadav to Christian, no run full ball tailing in late, Christian digs it out down the ground and Yadav parries it away.;
43.6;?;Sehwag to Lee, no run another superb over for India. Lee works a length ball straight to square leg.;
43.5;?;Sehwag to Lee, no run another dot ball, as Lee nudges with the spin straight to square leg.;
43.4;?;Sehwag to Lee, no run Lee looks to steer to the off side, but can't get the ball away.;
43.3;2;Sehwag to Lee, 2 runs slipping down the leg. Lee slaps it round the corner, and Gambhir puts in the slide on the fine leg boundary and a relay throw to keep them to two.;
43.2;?;Sehwag to Lee, no run full ball on the stumps, Lee looks to sweep and is hit on the pad.;
43.1;W;Sehwag to McKay, OUT Sehwag strikes. Dhoni has a stumping. Sehwag and Dhoni do a high-five. Superb keeping from the captain. The ball skidded along from a good length without spinning in. McKay was leaning out and it went past the outside edge. His backfoot stepped up for a fraction of a second, and Dhoni was waiting. The bails are off before you could have said "Rift".;Clint McKay st ?Dhoni b Sehwag 1 (4m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
42.6;?;Yadav to Christian, no run slower ball at 116 kph, Christian defends sedately.;
42.5;?;Yadav to Christian, no run tries the yorker this time, tails in to Christian who is late coming forward, but he keeps it out.;
42.4;4;Yadav to Christian, FOUR runs another short ball, this time the batsman sees it and plays the pull shot early. He strong-arms the pull shot through midwicket for four. Good timing, it went in front of square.;
42.3;?;Yadav to Christian, no run short of a length on the stumps, Christian jabs it down the track.;
42.2;1;Yadav to McKay, 1 run short of a length outside off, dabbed behind point for a single.;
42.1;W;Yadav to Hussey, OUT Yadav is on a roll. He's brought India back into this game with a twin-strike. Bowling your fastest bowler seems to be a good idea after all. Short of a length, hustled by the pace, DJ goes for the pull but the ball is through him very quickly. Another edge, straight to Dhoni, even as DJ loses his grip on the bat.. Yadav smiles, this is the first bit of good news he's had in a long time.;David Hussey c ?Dhoni b Yadav 54 (113m 64b 2x4 0x6) SR: 84.37;
41.6;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run good finish from Ashwin too as Australia wind up for a bang. Back of a length on the stumps, whipped through midwicket for one. In three games against Australia in the CB series, Ashwin has 0 wickets.;
41.5;1;Ashwin to Christian, 1 run flighted on the stumps, Christian drives to long-on for one. It goes through DJ at the non-striker's end, admittedly quite low. But Hussey jumps over to let it go. Doesn't use his hands. Just saying.;
41.4;?;Ashwin to Christian, no run carrom ball lands outside leg and straightens, Christian ticles to the leg side.;
41.3;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run DJ is kept to a single as he leans across and drives through the covers. Jadeja does well to cut off the second.;
41.2;1;Ashwin to Christian, 1 run full ball on leg stump, Christian drives now through long-on for one more.;
41.1;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run thrown up on the stumps, DJ works it through mid-on for a single.;
40.6;?;Jadeja to Christian, no run excellent finish from Jadeja, keeps Christian in the crease with a full ball that is blocked into the covers.;
40.5;1;Jadeja to Hussey, 1 run tossed up to Hussey, who pushes a single into the covers.;
40.4;1lb;Jadeja to Christian, 1 leg bye huge lbw shout turned down. Christian was across the stumps and looking to nudge to leg, the ball struck him in front of leg, but it was sliding down.;
40.3;?;Jadeja to Christian, no run another dot ball, full ball outside off that is played down the track.;
40.2;?;Jadeja to Christian, no run fired in again, Christian looks to work to leg and gets some pad on it.;
40.1;?;Jadeja to Christian, no run good length, and a tight line. Christian defends.;
39.6;1;Yadav to Christian, 1 run ends this over with a good length ball on the pads, that Christian works square for a single.;
39.6;1w;Yadav to Christian, 1 wide ah, blown it. Too short, too wide and it is called. Christian tries to carve it over the off side, but misses.;
39.5;1;Yadav to Hussey, 1 run Intentional dab to third man from DJ, who uses Yadav's pace to pick another single. His fifty is up, it looks like he's got a 50 every time he's come out to bat in this series.;
39.4;1;Yadav to Christian, 1 run thick outside edge once again as Yadav hustles Christian with a fast ball outside off. It bounds down to third man.;
39.3;?;Yadav to Christian, no run short of a length outside off, Christian stays on the crease and defends to the off side.;
39.2;W;Yadav to Wade, OUT Yadav has a wicket! He can't believe his luck, he turns back and appeals after getting a healthy edge to the keeper. A bowler with pace makes a different straight away. Wade tries to open the face and steer a length ball behind square on the off side. Extra pace and bounce, forces the edge straight into Dhoni's mitts.;Matthew Wade c ?Dhoni b Yadav 56 (65m 66b 2x4 1x6) SR: 84.84;
39.1;2;Yadav to Wade, 2 runs length ball at pace on the pads, Wade flicks behind square for a couple. Not the best line to bowl with fine leg inside the circle.;
38.6;1;Praveen to Wade, 1 run another full ball, driven to Ashwin in the covers, who takes a while releasing the ball to allow the single.;
38.5;?;Praveen to Wade, no run yorker, effective even at 124.8 kph. Wade digs it out to the off side.;
38.4;1;Praveen to Hussey, 1 run DJ jumps out, Praveen sees him and keeps it full and straight on leg stump. DJ has no room to work with, and pushes a quick single to mid-on.;
38.3;1;Praveen to Wade, 1 run on the pads, works it easily through square leg for another single.;
38.2;1;Praveen to Hussey, 1 run too full, too straight and DJ trumpets it away through midwicket. He manages to find Ashwin inside the circle at midwicket.;
38.1;?;Praveen to Hussey, no run well done by PK on his follow through. Full length ball, pushed down the ground, and PK dives full length to his right to field it.;
35.6;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run good end to the over. Full ball on off stump, DJ looks to dab square but can't beat point.;
35.5;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run stops on Hussey from a length and he plays it back uppishly, but it lands well short of Ashwin.;
35.4;1;Ashwin to Wade, 1 run on a length outside off, Wade opens the face and dabs behind point for one.;
35.3;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run tossed up outside leg, DJ drives to long-on for a single.;
35.2;1;Ashwin to Wade, 1 run on the pads again, worked with the angle to square leg for one.;
35.1;2lb;Ashwin to Wade, 2 leg byes Ashwin's turn to bowl down the leg side now, and Wade gets some pad on it as it trickles down to fine leg for runs.;
34.6;1;Jadeja to Wade, 1 run on the pads, Wade goes back and whips a single to square leg.;
34.5;?;Jadeja to Wade, no run that's going down in Jadeja's CV. "Bowled Dot ball in batting Powerplay in Sydney";
34.4;4;Jadeja to Wade, FOUR runs but of course, short of a length wide of off stump. India have burnt the script and drowned the ashes. Wade stays back and opens the face to steer a four to third man., Easy as they come. MSD has a word with Jadeja.;
34.3;3;Jadeja to Hussey, 3 runs too straight now, DJ calmly flicks it down towards fine leg. Tendulkar runs back and saves the fourth run.;
34.2;?;Jadeja to Hussey, no run better line, full on leg, worked straight to one of those two fielders.;
34.1;4;Jadeja to Hussey, FOUR runs boy, what a horrible ball. Drops it in his half, Hussey jumps back and thrashes him through square leg for another four.;
33.6;1;Sehwag to Hussey, 1 run tossed up to end the over, driven to mid on and it is drinks.;
33.5;4;Sehwag to Hussey, FOUR runs he's made up for the two dots with a murderous pull as Sehwag drops hopelessly short. DJ pranced back in the crease and pulled resourcefully through midwicket.;
33.4;?;Sehwag to Hussey, no run back of a length on the stumps, DJ nudges with the turn to the leg side and misses out on another single.;
33.3;?;Sehwag to Hussey, no run straighter, DJ's flick goes straight to midwicket.;
33.2;?;Sehwag to Hussey, no run full on the stumps from round the wicket. Defended off the front foot.;
33.1;1;Sehwag to Wade, 1 run tossed up on off stump, driven with the turn through mid-off.;
32.6;1;Jadeja to Wade, 1 run on the pads again, Wade nurdles another single to the leg side.;
32.5;1;Jadeja to Hussey, 1 run fuller and slower, draws DJ forward and he drives to long-off.;
32.4;2;Jadeja to Hussey, 2 runs DJ stays in the crease and chops a short ball hard through point.,;
32.3;1;Jadeja to Wade, 1 run stays back to a length ball and opens the face to steer behind point.;
32.2;?;Jadeja to Wade, no run short ball, Wade misses out as he mistimes the pull, straight to midwicket.;
32.1;1;Jadeja to Hussey, 1 run;
31.6;?;Sehwag to Wade, no run Wade jumps out and defends as Sehwag smartly pulls the length back. Good finish to the over.;
31.5;?;Sehwag to Wade, no run Wade tries to work a length ball to the leg side, but can't get it away.;
31.4;?;Sehwag to Wade, no run back of a length on the stumps, Wade defends from the crease to the off side.;
31.3;1;Sehwag to Hussey, 1 run worked off the pads to square leg for yet another gifted single.;
31.2;1;Sehwag to Wade, 1 run Wade stays in the crease and pushes with the spin through extra cover for one.;
31.1;4;Sehwag to Wade, FOUR runs Wade wades into Sehwag. He runs down the pitch, gets to the flight of a full ball and slams it over midwicket. Boundary after a long time.;
30.6;?;Jadeja to Hussey, no run short ball, Jadeja escapes as DJ hacks it straight to midwicket.;
30.5;?;Jadeja to Hussey, no run DJ defends off the front foot to cover.;
30.4;1;Jadeja to Wade, 1 run tossed up outside off, Wade drives though mid-off for one.;
30.3;1;Jadeja to Hussey, 1 run run out attempt, no controversy! Wade dives in as Raina flings from cover to Dhoni, ball and runner in different trajectories.;
30.2;?;Jadeja to Hussey, no run another one curves in towards the pads, DJ defends off the front foot.;
30.1;?;Jadeja to Hussey, no run loud appeal for lbw, but he seems to have been saved by the height. Or an inside edge. Tossed up and holding its line as DJ presses forward.;
29.6;?;Sehwag to Wade, no run Wade works one from middle stump towards backward square leg.;
29.5;1;Sehwag to Hussey, 1 run back in the crease is DJ for a resourceful dink to the leg side for one.;
29.4;1;Sehwag to Wade, 1 run flighted to Wade who skips out and drives a single through mid-off.;
29.3;1;Sehwag to Hussey, 1 run;
29.2;1;Sehwag to Wade, 1 run on Wade's pads, he nudges to the leg side for another easy single.;
29.1;?;Sehwag to Wade, no run tossed up outside off, Wade defends to the off side.;
28.6;?;Jadeja to Hussey, no run DJ defends a full ball watchfully down the track.;
28.5;1;Jadeja to Wade, 1 run short of a length on the pads, Wade nudges to the leg side for one more single.;
28.4;1;Jadeja to Hussey, 1 run DJ's turn to get the front foot across and work to midwicket.;
28.3;1;Jadeja to Wade, 1 run easy pinch of a single for Wade, he leans out and tucks to midwicket which is as vacant as a desolate mansion on a highway.;
28.2;1;Jadeja to Hussey, 1 run DJ goes back and forces a length ball into the covers for one.;
28.1;1;Jadeja to Wade, 1 run tossed up to Wade, he drives through extra cover for one.;
27.6;1;Sehwag to Wade, 1 run shorter ball, Wade stays back and guides it to point for one.;
27.5;?;Sehwag to Wade, no run Wade leans out and defends to the off side.;
27.4;1;Sehwag to Hussey, 1 run on DJ's pads, turned to the leg side for a single.;
27.3;1;Sehwag to Wade, 1 run good work from Umesh, but he throws to the wrong end. Wade was gone for all money as he ran back half the way for the second run, but Yadav had flung it to Dhoni's end. Dhoni's relay to the bowler's end missed. Ahem, Wade deliberately came in the way this time. Does anyone know the rules? I suspect I don't!;
27.2;?;Sehwag to Wade, no run full ball on the leg stump line, defended back to the bowler.;
27.1;1;Sehwag to Hussey, 1 run back of a length outside off, pushed to cover for one.;
26.6;1;Jadeja to Hussey, 1 run another short ball, DJ pulls to deep square leg for one.;
26.5;?;Jadeja to Hussey, no run angled in, DJ gets half forward and defends.;
26.4;?;Jadeja to Hussey, no run angled in from wide of the crease, defended off the front foot.;
26.3;1;Jadeja to Wade, 1 run Wade skips out and opens the face to steer to point for one.;
26.2;2;Jadeja to Wade, 2 runs not for the first time, Jadeja tosses it down the leg side and Wade lap sweeps to fine leg for two.;
26.1;?;Jadeja to Wade, no run short of a length from Jadeja, Wade defends to the leg side.;
25.6;1;Sehwag to Wade, 1 run Wade skips out and drives through long-off for a single.;
25.5;1;Sehwag to Hussey, 1 run DJ nurdles with the spin through mid-on for a single.;
25.4;?;Sehwag to Hussey, no run;
25.3;1;Sehwag to Wade, 1 run Wade gets a single now, through wide mid-on.;
25.2;?;Sehwag to Wade, no run fuller ball, gets him forward and defends to the off side.;
25.1;?;Sehwag to Wade, no run tossed up outside off, Wade mistimes the cut.;
24.6;1;Jadeja to Wade, 1 run worked off the pads to the leg side for one more.;
24.5;?;Jadeja to Wade, no run Wade is beaten outside off by a ball that skids through from a length.;
24.4;1;Jadeja to Hussey, 1 run DJ works a ball to the leg side and takes a single ... Throw comes in to the bowler's end, the crowd loves it!;
24.3;1;Jadeja to Wade, 1 run tossed up wide of off stump, Wade skips out and drives through mid-off.;
24.2;2;Jadeja to Wade, 2 runs poor ball, angling down the leg side, and Wade laps it to fine leg for a couple.;
24.1;?;Jadeja to Wade, no run full ball on the pads, Wade defends to the leg side.;
23.6;1;Ashwin to Wade, 1 run Is history being made here? Dhoni has appealed for DJ's wicket for the batsman obstructing the field. What's with India captains and run outs! DJ could be in trouble here. Full ball on off stump, Wade drives to Raina at short cover for a quick single. The throw was heading towards Dhoni, DJ was unintentionally in the way as he ran a straight line from his crease. He puts his right hand out to stop the ball from hitting him. Mind you, the ball wasn't travelling at pace, it wouldn't have wounded DJ if it had hit him. Can you be given out for doing that? According to the new ICC rules, yes. Dhoni has asked for it.. This will be harsh on DJ, but by the rules this could be out. Bowden and Taufel are taking their time over this with the third umpire having a close look. The third umpire has decided that DJ didn't put his hand out to save his wicket, but to save himself from damage. Dhoni is explaining to the umpires that he thinks otherwise. The spirit of cricket discussions can begin afresh! The rule is a fairly strange one, and the ICC has clearly not thought it through. The over-rates continue to take a beating!;
23.5;?;Ashwin to Wade, no run fuller, Wade leans out and defends to the off side.;
23.4;?;Ashwin to Wade, no run deceives him in the flight, Wade plays from the crease when he should have been forward. Defends it anyway.;
23.3;?;Ashwin to Wade, no run tossed up outside off, Wade leans out to meet it and steers towards point.;
23.2;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run another misfield, this time from Raina at mid-on. Bad bounce? Single for DJ.;
23.1;1lb;Ashwin to Wade, 1 leg bye tossed up outside leg, turned with the angle to the leg side for one.;
22.6;?;Jadeja to Hussey, no run again, good finish to the over. Flighted outside off and DJ drives straight to cover.;
22.5;?;Jadeja to Hussey, no run fuller, gets DJ to lean out and defend.;
22.4;1;Jadeja to Wade, 1 run too short, Wade thumps it straight to deep midwicket for a single.;
22.3;2;Jadeja to Wade, 2 runs short of a length and wide of leg stump. Wade slaps it down to fine leg instead of encashing the wide.;
22.2;1;Jadeja to Hussey, 1 run there you go, on DJ's pads from round the stumps. Single worked to the leg side.;
22.1;1;Jadeja to Wade, 1 run Wade steals a single, leans out and defends to point for one.;
21.6;1;Ashwin to Wade, 1 run flighted generously outside off stump, Wade drills it to long-off for one.;
21.5;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run gets away with a disastrous ball. Short and a yard outside leg. DJ sweeps without leaving it, it would have been a wide. Goes straight to fine leg.;
21.4;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run pitched up on DJ's off stump, and he turns it to mid-on for one.;
21.3;1;Ashwin to Wade, 1 run Wade steers to the off side for another single.;
21.2;2;Ashwin to Wade, 2 runs Warner is away, he leans out and defends to the off side. India's fielding continues to swing one way and another. A sloppy effort concedes the second.;
21.1;?;Ashwin to Wade, no run tossed up on the stumps, defended to the off side.;
20.6;W;Jadeja to Warner, OUT Australia lose one, India might have lost two. Full ball from Jadeja, Warner looked to sweep it with the turn, and got a top edge that took off into the Sydney sky. Raina runs back from square leg. Irfan runs in from deep fine leg. Like a silent movie, there was no calling between the two men, both transfixed on the orb in the sky. Irfan belatedly saw Raina hurtling towards him, and his eyes popped out in shock, but there was still no calling. Raina completes a superb catch and then they crash into each other. Raina inadvertedly punches Irfan in the chest, but he holds on to the ball tight. Both men are down. Irfan feels his chest gingerly as he goes off the field. A bit of a smile in there, which is good. Raina seems ok now. Great presence of mind to hold onto the ball through that collision. Raina does some stretches.;David Warner c Raina b Jadeja 68 (98m 66b 7x4 0x6) SR: 103.03;
20.5;?;Jadeja to Warner, no run short of a length, Warner has no room to cut and finds point.;
20.4;2;Jadeja to Warner, 2 runs flighted generously, Warner drives through wide mid-off for two. Ashwin's throw comes back as slowly as he runs in the outfield.;
20.3;?;Jadeja to Warner, no run on the pads, Warner turns it square and Raina intercepts.;
20.2;?;Jadeja to Warner, no run full ball at 91.5 kph on the stumps. Warner defends to the off side.;
20.1;1;Jadeja to Hussey, 1 run back of a length outside off, DJ pushes through the covers for a single.;
19.6;?;Ashwin to Warner, no run edged, but lands safe. Ashwin gets the ball to bounce on Warner who goes hard at a cut and gets a thick top edge. The ball loops up and lands just short of Tendulkar at short third man...;
19.5;?;Ashwin to Warner, no run Sehwag makes up for some of Gauti's shoddiness. Dives away at square leg and stop s a Warner pull.;
19.4;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run DJ goes back in the crease and works a single to the leg side.;
19.3;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run tossed up outside off, and are my eyes playing tricks on me, or did DJ miss out on a single scoring option? Played back to the bowler.;
19.2;1;Ashwin to Warner, 1 run fuller, Warner leans out and pushes to long-off for a single.;
19.1;4;Ashwin to Warner, FOUR runs listless bowling this. Ashwin drops another one short and Warner knifes it away into the covers for four more.;
18.6;3;Jadeja to Warner, 3 runs short ball at long last. Warner thumps it away wide of mid-off and Ashwin labours after it before pulling it in on the boundary. Bollywood actors run faster than that in slow-motion sequences.;
18.5;1;Jadeja to Hussey, 1 run good line and a hint of inward drift. DJ has no problem driving it through extra cover for one.;
18.4;1;Jadeja to Warner, 1 run flatter and on the pads, easy single for Warner to the leg side.;
18.3;1;Jadeja to Hussey, 1 run loopy ball that curves in from wide of the crease. DJ presses forward and drives through mid-off for one.;
18.2;1;Jadeja to Warner, 1 run back of a length on the pads, Warner turns it square for another single.;
18.1;1;Jadeja to Hussey, 1 run tossed up from round the stumps, driven with the turn through cover.;
17.6;?;Ashwin to Warner, no run tossed up on the off stump, Warner leans out and drives to cover. Dot ball after five singles.;
17.5;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run short of a length, same line and angle. DJ gets yet another single with a nudge to leg.;
17.4;1;Ashwin to Warner, 1 run Warner punches to the leg side for one now.;
17.3;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run there's a single for DJ every single ball if he wants it. Ashwin tossed up on the toes, DK tuns it to the leg side for one. Easy.;
17.2;1;Ashwin to Warner, 1 run Ashwin lets one through now, though DJ unintentionally may have made it tough for him. Full ball on the stumps, pushed past Ashwin for one.;
17.1;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run tossed up on the pads, worked with the angle to the leg side for one.;
16.6;?;Yadav to Warner, no run better ball. Good length at good pace on the stumps, and defended to the leg side.;
16.5;4;Yadav to Warner, FOUR runs Dhoni should make a note in his scratch pad. Gambhir has conceded two runs with his sloppiness on the third man boundary. Umesh delivers a short slower all wide of off stump at 115 kph. Warner cracks it away through point, and Gambhir doesn't bend low enough to stop it on the boundary. India are slackening alarmingly.;
16.4;?;Yadav to Warner, no run on a length outside off stump, chopped without much timing to point.;
16.3;4;Yadav to Warner, FOUR runs Warner at his best, and he has a 50 at long last! Over-pitched once more by Umesh, who is looking out of depth in this format. Warner sets himself up strongly in the crease, waits to get under the ball and bangs it away through the covers for four.;
16.2;2;Yadav to Warner, 2 runs another shoddy delivery, angling helpfully onto the pads and Warner clips it through midwicket for a couple.;
16.1;?;Yadav to Warner, no run over-pitched on the pads, Warner drills it straight to mid-on. That was a boundary ball.;
15.6;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run full and straightening from the off stump line. Defended off the front foot.;
15.5;1;Ashwin to Warner, 1 run short to Warner, he hacks again and PK puts in a tumble to field it in the covers.;
15.4;2;Ashwin to Warner, 2 runs Warner gets the score going again, worked off the pads through wide mid-on. Gambhir is the man on the boundary and they take a two. He hits the stumps, but DJ is well in.;
15.3;?;Ashwin to Warner, no run three dots to start the PP. Tossed up on the stumps and played back to the bowler.;
15.2;?;Ashwin to Warner, no run short of a length, but no width for Warner as he tries to cut. Can't time it and it is fielded at cover.;
15.1;?;Ashwin to Warner, no run drifts in from back of a length, and Warner defends to the leg side.;
14.6;1;Yadav to Warner, 1 run angled into the pads now, Warner slaps it from the crease through backward square leg for a single.;
14.5;?;Yadav to Warner, no run 146 kph, but Warner is still early on the push-drive. He nearly scoops it straight to mid-off, but it drops short ...;
14.4;?;Yadav to Warner, no run goes very full now, he isn't trying the in-between lengths at all. Warner drills it straight to mid-off.;
14.3;4;Yadav to Warner, FOUR runs short ball from Yadav, shoddy start from him, and Warner's looking increasingly comfortable. He skips back and heaves easily off the hips through backward square leg for four more.,;
14.2;3;Yadav to Hussey, 3 runs over-pitched to DJ, who drives superbly through mid-off. The dive is in vain, and Tiwary runs back towards the boundary to pull it in.;
14.1;2;Yadav to Hussey, 2 runs Praveen misfields again. Short of a length outside off, punched into the covers and his misfield allows the second.;
13.6;2;Ashwin to Warner, 2 runs too short. Warner hacks it square for a single ... PK misfields now and they come back for the second. Whoa, PK nearly throws the stumps down from 50 yards away, but DJ seemed safely in anyway.;
13.5;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run DJ is away, the ball spins in towards the pads and is tucked towards the leg side for one.;
13.4;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run spin and bounce, and an appeal for a bat-pad chance. DJ was looking to flick and missed. It went off pad to the leg side and Dhoni ran across to pouch it.;
13.3;1;Ashwin to Warner, 1 run flighted outside off, Warner drives to Irfan again, and this time Irfan fumbles a couple of times. No harm done.;
13.3;1w;Ashwin to Warner, 1 wide slips this one down the leg side.;
13.2;W;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run, OUT a youngster misfields, and it results in a run-out. Maybe, MS Dhoni has a point. Tossed up on off stump, Hussey leans out and drives it straight through Raina at short cover. The single is taken, as Irfan runs around from wide long-off to field it. They decide to go for the second even as Irfan lines up his throw. And then Warner sends Hussey back. No chance. Good throw, straight to Ashwin, who whips the bails out as Hussey dives in. Replays are in, the problem was that Warner started the first run late. He didn't have enough time for the second really ...;Michael Hussey run out (Ashwin/Pathan) 10 (33m 21b 1x4 0x6) SR: 47.61;
13.1;1;Ashwin to Warner, 1 run slow, high and loopy on the stumps. Warner presses forward and drives through mid-off for a single;
12.6;2;Praveen to Hussey, 2 runs what delightful running from Hussey and Warner! Back of a length and on the pads, Hussey turns it to square leg dexterously and sets off. Jadeja had acres to cover before he could get ti it, and that allowed a couple more to be added.;
12.5;1;Praveen to Warner, 1 run onto the pads again. PK is not swinging it much any more. Warner tucks it square for a single.;
12.5;1w;Praveen to Warner, 1 wide slow bumper at 124 kph. The leg umpire calls it a wide as Warner lets it go.;
12.4;?;Praveen to Warner, no run angled into the pads once more. Warner tucks it straight to midwicket.;
12.3;?;Praveen to Warner, no run pushes Warner back with a 125 kph ball. Warner stays back and defends to the leg side.;
12.2;2;Praveen to Warner, 2 runs on the pads this time, and Warner plays that punchy whip for the nth time today. Two more through midwicket, and the 50 is up. Most of them, courtesy Irfan Pathan.;
12.1;2;Praveen to Warner, 2 runs inside edged, but past the stumps. Short of a length ball outside off, Warner tries to cut despite having no room and chops it past the stumps. He hustles back for the second. Top running this.;
11.6;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run good start from Ashwin. Flighted outside off and Hussey leans out to defend to the covers.;
11.5;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run tossed up on Hussey's pads, he turns it straight to midwicket.;
11.4;1;Ashwin to Warner, 1 run on the pad, Warner works it behind square for a single.;
11.3;?;Ashwin to Warner, no run tossed up on middle and leg, and straightening. Warner plays it back to the bowler.;
11.2;?;Ashwin to Warner, no run straighter, that drifted in towards the pad and Warner defends.;
11.1;?;Ashwin to Warner, no run tossed up outside off, Warner lunges out confidently and drives to mid-off.;
10.6;?;Praveen to Hussey, no run angled in from wide of the crease. Hussey defends towards mid-on.;
10.5;?;Praveen to Hussey, no run back of a length outside off from round the stumps. Hussey stays in the crease and chops to point.;
10.4;?;Praveen to Hussey, no run back of a length again, but no width. Hussey defends to the off side.;
10.3;4;Praveen to Hussey, FOUR runs PK is hit for a four at long last. Hussey gets a fractionally shorter ball outside off and guides it expertly through cover point for four. Timing at its best.;
10.2;1;Praveen to Warner, 1 run shorter and straighter. Warner goes back in the crease and forces through wide mid-on for a single.;
10.1;?;Praveen to Warner, no run that swung in from wide of the crease. PK must love this two new-balls rule. Warner stays back and defends to the off side.;
9.6;1;Pathan to Warner, 1 run Warner's turn now to push a length ball past short cover for another single.;
9.5;1;Pathan to Hussey, 1 run another single for Hussey, who presses forward and pushes into the covers.;
9.4;1;Pathan to Warner, 1 run angled into Warner's pads and he whips behind square for a single.;
9.3;1;Pathan to Hussey, 1 run Hussey drives a full swinging ball to mid-off and sets off for a quick single. Gambhir fields, the ball is following Senior No. 3 today.;
9.2;?;Pathan to Hussey, no run Irfan surely prefers having Warner at his end. Hussey leans out and defends to point again.;
9.1;?;Pathan to Hussey, no run full length from over the stumps, and Hussey defends.;
8.6;?;Praveen to Warner, no run short of a length to Warner, he stays in the crease and defends to the off side.;
8.5;1;Praveen to Hussey, 1 run edged, but safe. Hussey was looking to swing what seemed to be a short ball angling across him to the leg side, but the ball swing away devilishly to take a top edge. It flew high but didn't have the legs to carry to third man. And third man (Ashwin) surely didn't have the legs to get anywhere near it. Landed at least 10 yards away.;
8.4;?;Praveen to Hussey, no run pitched up wide of off stump, Hussey lets another one go.;
8.3;?;Praveen to Hussey, no run full length ball on off stump, Hussey reaches out to cover the line and blocks to cover.;
8.2;?;Praveen to Hussey, no run shapes away after angling across towards off stump. Another leave from Hussey.;
8.1;?;Praveen to Hussey, no run PK continues to drop on a good length and angle it across the left hander. Hussey leaves.;
7.6;?;Pathan to Warner, no run and again. Over-pitched on the pads, that was asking to be swiped through midwicket, but Warner finds the fielder. 23 from 2 very average overs from Irfan, after a strong start.;
7.5;?;Pathan to Warner, no run another poor ball, this time he escapes. Warner hacks a short and wide ball without timing to short cover.;
7.4;4;Pathan to Warner, FOUR runs Warner's toying with Irfan now. Over-compensates with a short of length offering, Warner jumps back - he seemed to expect that - and whips gloriously through midwicket for four more.;
7.3;4;Pathan to Warner, FOUR runs rubbish ball, carved away with intent. 134 kph, pitched well up and swinging, but it was about two feet wide of off stump. Warner did well to reach it despite not moving the feet and just slashed it over the covers.;
7.2;?;Pathan to Warner, no run fuller length, draws Warner forward and gets him to block to mid-on.;
7.1;2;Pathan to Warner, 2 runs Warner seems to have got the measure of Irfan at the moment. Back of a length again, the ball straightens into the middle of Warner's bat as he punches between point and cover.;
6.6;?;Praveen to Hussey, no run sharp slant away from the left hander. PK has made a strong comeback to the India side. Hussey lets this one go.;
6.5;?;Praveen to Hussey, no run pitched up wide of off stump and it straightens down the line. Hussey doesn't try to play it.;
6.4;?;Praveen to Hussey, no run back of a length this time, Hussey stays in the crease and defends compactly.;
6.3;?;Praveen to Hussey, no run angled across Huss from over the stumps. He stays in the crease and shoulders arms.;
6.2;W;Praveen to Forrest, OUT PK does it again. Slower ball from PK, he rolled the fingers over and got it to stop on Forrest and go away. Forrest tries to push to the off side, but gets a thin inside edge that drops onto the stumps.;Peter Forrest b Kumar 7 (17m 18b 1x4 0x6) SR: 38.88;
6.1;3;Praveen to Warner, 3 runs jabbed away. PK drops marginally short, Warner falls back in the crease and whips efficiently through wide mid-on. Gambhir is again the man chasing, and the fielding wasn't too shabby. Three runs taken though.;
5.6;1;Pathan to Warner, 1 run hard hands again. 132 kph, Irfan swings it away from Warner, who edges it through gully which is vacant once more. 13 off the over.;
5.5;4lb;Pathan to Warner, 4 leg byes Irfan's fluffed his lines in this over. This one goes too far down the leg side as he attempts a yorker, and it goes off Warner's boot to fine leg as he attempts the flick.;
5.4;1;Pathan to Forrest, 1 run edgy, but safe. Stays back and goes at a short ball angling across with hard hands. There's no one at gully to catch it.;
5.3;?;Pathan to Forrest, no run over-pitched outside off stump, Forrest makes a proud front-foot press and drives to mid-off.;
5.2;4;Pathan to Forrest, FOUR runs finally some release for Australia. Irfan drifts the indipper onto the pads, and Forrest smartly gets inside the line and helps it along to fine leg. Easy runs.;
5.1;3;Pathan to Warner, 3 runs top timing from Warner. He sets up a solid base as he shuffles across and punches hard wide of mid-on. Gambhir's the man there, and he chases it down and slides to pull it in.;
4.6;?;Praveen to Forrest, no run straighter this time, Forrest can't work the ball away cleanly off the pads.;
4.5;?;Praveen to Forrest, no run and this one comes in sharply the other way. Can you believe India have been benching this man through the series? Forrest manages to keep this one out.;
4.4;1;Praveen to Warner, 1 run the big curve-ball from PK that bends in drastically from wide of the crease, round the stumps, and restricts Warner's scoring ideas through the off side. This came in too far, and Warner tucked it to the leg side for one.;
4.3;1;Praveen to Forrest, 1 run short of a length outside off. Forrest opens the face and dabs to point for a single.;
4.3;1w;Praveen to Forrest, 1 wide PK slants one too far down the leg side and it is called a wide. First really poor ball of the day.;
4.2;?;Praveen to Forrest, no run PK gets so close to the stumps from over the wicket that he knocks the bails off. (No, he wasn't attempting the Mankad.) Forrest defends from the crease to point.;
4.1;1;Praveen to Warner, 1 run Warner pushes a single into the wide mid-off region as PK keeps it on a length outside off.;
3.6;?;Pathan to Forrest, no run pins him in the crease yet again with a length ball that straightens. Forrest blocks to mid-on. Maiden for Irfan now.;
3.5;?;Pathan to Forrest, no run the sucker ball, Irfan gets it to hold its line as it angles across. Forrest wisely lets it go.;
3.4;?;Pathan to Forrest, no run Forrest stays in the crease and defends to the off side again. He does play a generous number of dot-balls this man. Though, this is still early days in his innings.;
3.3;?;Pathan to Forrest, no run stays crease-bound and blocks a length ball to cover.;
3.2;?;Pathan to Forrest, no run straighter, swinging in towards middle and off, and it is defended to the on side.;
3.1;?;Pathan to Forrest, no run PK curls one in from outside off and Forrest is caught pushing tentatively inside the line... India are abuzz here.;
2.6;1;Praveen to Forrest, 1 run Forrest is away, as PK bowls his first ball that's not on target. On the pads, nudged cautiously in front of square leg for one.;
2.5;?;Praveen to Forrest, no run back of a length, Forrest pokes it to the off side from the crease.;
2.4;?;Praveen to Forrest, no run makes him play with a fuller length ball. Forrest plays the line cautiously. Defended to the off side.;
2.3;?;Praveen to Forrest, no run PK continues to swerve it away from the right hander, but this is too wide of off stump to trouble Forrest.;
2.2;W;Praveen to Watson, OUT If you remember the CB Series final from 2008, this is almost exactly how PK got rid of Ricky Ponting. Back of a length, a hint of wobble away from the batsman. Watson goes back and looks to bang it over the leg side, but miscues it, perhaps because of the deviation away from the bat, and the pull loops gingerly to mid-on. India have struck early, Watson goes back after a short-lived comeback.;Shane Watson c Yadav b Kumar 1 (9m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 14.28;
2.1;?;Praveen to Watson, no run back of a length to Watson, he defends after getting half forward. Soft hands again, very typical of Watson.;
1.6;4;Pathan to Warner, FOUR runs too short, but gets it to swing again. Warner stays back and gets a thick edge as the ball deviates away from his clam-fisted steer. The edge flies over the heads of the slip fielders down to the third man boundary.;
1.5;1;Pathan to Watson, 1 run Australia are away. Watson is away. Short of a length outside off, he stays back and chops it to Umesh at third man.;
1.4;?;Pathan to Watson, no run this is a good start from India. Ten balls on the money. Irfan again looks for the lbw with a pleasing shape into the right hander. Watson inside-edges the front-foot defensive onto his pad.;
1.3;?;Pathan to Watson, no run Watson defends with very soft hands as Irfan swings it in again. Played so softly that it spun back, but didn't go near the stumps.;
1.2;?;Pathan to Watson, no run 133 kph, fuller and swinging down the line. Watson gets the front pad across and plays a tad around it, to the leg side.;
1.1;?;Pathan to Watson, no run swing for Irfan now. The ball yo-yos back into Watson from outside off, and he defends cautiously with bat and pad thrust forward.;
0.6;?;Praveen to Warner, no run top start from PK. After getting five of them to go away, he bends one in drastically and catches Warner unawares. The ball bursts through to hit his pad as he looks to work to leg from the crease.;
0.5;?;Praveen to Warner, no run goes further short, but no width - generally good lines. Warner defends to cover.;
0.4;?;Praveen to Warner, no run back of a length, PK is getting the ball to angle in and go straight. Warner defends.;
0.3;?;Praveen to Warner, no run Warner gets a little too far across as he defends another ball that straightens from middle and off.;
0.2;?;Praveen to Warner, no run 125.5 kph, but the ball again straightens nicely from a full length outside off. Warner defends to point with an opened face.;
0.1;?;Praveen to Warner, no run full swinging ball, lands on middle and straightens down the line. Warner defends off the front foot.;

Warner to face. Praveen to bowl. Overcast skies, and forecast for rain later.. All good at the moment, though. Here we go. Two slips, round the stumps.
Tendulkar has been given the SCG life membership. A great honour. He won't have to buy tickets when he comes here for a cricket match. Assuming he isn't playing, that is .. I guess there are some other associated perks too.
"Whatever happens in the World Cup finals, we just need a match referee who can hear the skippers CLEARLY!" Good one, Hisham.
"You've never posted any of my comments but hopefully this one makes it through. On this tour India have won 3 of 13 tosses in all internationals, Aus 9 of 13 and SL 4 of 6. This tour has confirmed my view of the failings of using a random activity to decide such an important part of each game. I think there should only be one toss at the start of each series. The winner chooses for the first game and then it alternates. This way there is at least a fair chance to each team, on average, over the course of the series. Thanks" Harik, what happens in the World Cup final?
Watson wins the toss and Australia will bat. Again. India are yet to bat first in this series. Australia are yet to chase. Shred your probability theory books. Now.
Watson: "Very excited to be back and to captain the team is a great honour. I am feeling good, last couple of weeks have been good to build up the cricketing workload. Must win game for us, and we are really excited. Ryan Harris is out and Clint McKay is in."
Dhoni: "Watson brings stability to their side, but we have worries of our own [Succinct, that]. We are yet to win any toss in this tournament, we too were looking to bat first. But until we win a toss, we will have to chase. Good to have the big three bag, they are very experienced, dangerous batsmen. They can rotate the strike and go for the big shots." [This time, Dhoni doesn't make a sideways comment about the big three's fielding.]
"Shred probability books? Each toss is an independent event, and is not dependent on the previous outcomes." I am aware Vikram, but why would you let that stop you from shredding those hopelessly complex books?
Will the scoreboard read -20 for 0 before the first ball is bowled? Just wondering.
Changes to the India team: Praveen Kumar in for the injured Vinay Kumar. And Dhoni replaces Parthiv Patel after serving his ban. Ashwin plays despite looking listless against Australia in the ODIs, and Zaheer stays out with injury.
The pitch for this game is the same one on which Sri Lanka thumped Australia last week, with a bonus point. Sri Lanka's seamers did well on that day, before Dilshan set up a quick chase. It should favour batting today, according to Messrs. Moody and Akram. Probably some spin later on.
So Virender Sehwag gets rotated out of a match. He comes back and becomes captain. MS Dhoni gets banned for slow over-rates. He comes back and becomes captain. Michael Clarke misses a game with a calf strain. He comes back and becomes captain. Shane Watson misses a few months of cricket with an injury. He comes back and becomes captain. Spare a thought for Ricky Ponting - for him, the fortunes have swung the other way. Welcome to Game 10 of the Rotation, Rifts and Revolving-door captaincy Series.
Australia are set to play their third captain in three games. Michael Clarke is out again today with a sore back. Shane Watson will lead in his comeback game. Here's our preview to the game. India have spent too long in Australia without accomplishing anything of note. It's sudden death for them from here on in, a situation they have largely brought upon themselves.
A crucial non-match announcement before the toss: Last week we offered our readers the chance of a role in ESPNcricinfo's ball-by-ball commentary team. The response was amazing, many thanks for that. The spots are filled (several times over). We can't respond individually to each of you but those of you who've made the cut will get to know of it over the next few days. Watch this space for more such opportunities in future.
 Innings Start
Right then, that completes our live coverage of this game. Here is Dan Brettig's report of the day's play. We'll soon have plenty of analysis and opinion from Sid Monga in Sydney. I'll be back on Tuesday to bring you India's last league game, perhaps India's last game on this disastrous tour. Sri Lanka will start off as favourites, and will only need to deny the bonus point to confirm their spot in the finals. Until Tuesday, on behalf of the ESPNcricinfo team, this is Nitin Sundar signing off.
As always, India fans have some scraps of hope to hold onto. If India win with a bonus point on Tuesday, and if Australia beat Sri Lanka in the last league game (make those big IFs, with salad dressing on top), India can still sneak into the final. At the moment, they don't deserve to. A win without a bonus point in Hobart won't do for India. They will then end up on 14 points, and Sri Lanka already have 15.
Watson: "Very nice start as a captain, it all worked out very well. It helped that wickets fell at appropriate times. I kept trying to get the bowlers and their ends right. I felt good and had a lot of fun today. [On the David Hussey issue] In the end it looked like David Hussey was looking to protect himself. I have full faith in Taufel and Bowden.. [I like the captaincy], but will like to see Clarke back."
Warner is Man of the Match: "I needed some runs under the belt and put my head down today. A bit of a lazy shot towards the end, a brain explosion ... The key for me is that if I get my defence right, the big shots come off."
Dhoni: "Definitely not a good night. We got off to a decent start, after that we used the part-timers when Pathan got injured. We were a bit confused, but overall we were happy with the first half. But the second innings, we left too many overs for Nos. 7,8 and 9. We have not performed to potential in these ODIs, it was an ideal opportunity for the youngsters. I am sure they have learned a lot. We need to bat well. Unfortunately we lost all the tosses and kept batting in tougher conditions."
The wheels have come off this Indian team. MS Dhoni and Duncan Fletcher will be looking at the last couple of weeks and wondering how they managed to spiral to such ignominious lows after delivering that nerve-shredding tie against Sri Lanka. At that point, SL were without a win in the tournament. Since then, India have been as abject as Sri lanka have been good.
Australia are in the final, but they will know there's plenty of work to do before those games. Their batting in the last ten overs was disastrous today, and a better team would have made them pay for it.
39.3;W;Doherty to Praveen, OUT all over at the SCG. Short ball outside off, PK has a big swipe at it and inside-edges onto the stumps. Australia have had lots of upheaval and three different captains during the tournament, but they are into the final.;Praveen Kumar b Doherty 1 (8m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
39.2;?;Doherty to Praveen, no run tossed up outside off and spinning away, PK thinks of it and then lets it go.;
39.1;?;Doherty to Praveen, no run full ball to PK, defended back to the bowler.;
38.6;?;Lee to Yadav, no run he does a Walsh now, and nonchalantly lets one go outside off.;
38.5;?;Lee to Yadav, no run Yadav has a monster swing at a length ball outside off. He made room and did a whirlpool on his toes, and it is a miracle that he's still on his feet. What a mild stroke.;
38.5;1nb;Lee to Yadav, (no ball) no-ball for height as Lee loses control of the yorker and bowls it straight at Yadav's hip.;
38.4;1;Lee to Praveen, 1 run PK backs away and swings wildly at a short ball and it goes off the edge to third man.;
38.3;W;Lee to Pathan, OUT Irfan is gone, India are going down and Australia are likely to get a bonus point too. Lee sends down a full toss, Irfan tries to heave over the leg side and gets a top edge that takes off. When it comes down, there's a Hussey under it. Not much chance of anyone from that family dropping catches.;Irfan Pathan c MEK Hussey b Lee 22 (25m 22b 1x4 2x6) SR: 100;
38.3;1w;Lee to Pathan, 1 wide slower ball, drops short and slips wide of off stump.;
38.2;?;Lee to Pathan, no run Lee responds with a near-perfect yorker just outside off stump. Irfan can't get it away.;
38.1;6;Lee to Pathan, SIX runs Irfan is summoning his inner Ganguly now. He's smoked Lee over long-on for a monster six. Good juicy length ball, Irfan leaned out and banged it through the line with a straight bat. That was thumped, Praveen was taking cover the moment Irfan made contact.;
37.6;W;Doherty to Ashwin, OUT leading edge! Makes a belated entry to this game. Ashwin tries to tickle a ball sliding well down the leg side and gets a leading edge that loops up and drops into mid-on's hands.;Ravichandran Ashwin c Watson b Doherty 26 (47m 37b 2x4 0x6) SR: 70.27;
37.5;?;Doherty to Ashwin, no run Ashwin advances again, Doherty goes full and wide of off stump, and Ashwin squeezes it straight to point.;
37.4;4;Doherty to Ashwin, FOUR runs some release in this Powerplay. Ashwin charges out and carts another full toss comfortably over the covers. It was four once he cleared the infield.;
37.3;?;Doherty to Ashwin, no run angled into the pads, no room to work with. Ashwin defends to the leg side.;
37.2;1;Doherty to Pathan, 1 run back of a length, Irfan hangs back and chops to the off side for one.;
37.1;4;Doherty to Pathan, FOUR runs Doherty is using the full toss as a wicket-taking option? He nearly gets one here, as Irfan skips out. The high full toss catches him unawares, but he still lofts it straight. Forrest at long-on moves to his right and lunges forward, but can't get there.;
36.6;?;Lee to Ashwin, no run low full toss on the pads as Ashwin backs away, and he can't get it away.;
36.5;1;Lee to Pathan, 1 run angled into Irfan's pads, he works it square for a single.;
36.4;3;Lee to Ashwin, 3 runs Ashwin takes on the bouncer. It is 135 kph and he is a touch late on the shot, but gets away with a top edge that clears the infield. Three runs taken as wide mid-on runs back to field.;
36.3;1;Lee to Pathan, 1 run slower ball at 108 kph, Irfan works it around to wide mid-on for one.;
36.2;1;Lee to Ashwin, 1 run full length ball wide of off stump with third man back. Ashwin dabs with an angled face to third man for one.;
36.1;1;Lee to Pathan, 1 run full and tailing into the pads, Irfan turns it straight to short fine leg and they get only a single.;
35.6;1;Doherty to Pathan, 1 run tosses this up miles wide of off stump, no way he could swipe that to the leg side. Irfan hangs back and chops square for a single.;
35.5;?;Doherty to Pathan, no run full toss, Irfan was sizing up another big hit, but checked it in the end and slapped to square leg. Straight to the fielder.;
35.4;1;Doherty to Ashwin, 1 run over-pitchjed on the toes, Ashwin on-drives with the wrists to midwicket for one.;
35.3;?;Doherty to Ashwin, no run Ashwin skips out again, Doherty sees him and yorks him. Ashwin manages to dig it out.;
35.2;2;Doherty to Ashwin, 2 runs Ashwin backs away and drives with the turn over the covers. Good shot that, he gets two to deep extra cover.;
35.1;?;Doherty to Ashwin, no run full ball outside off, steered off the front foot to point.;
34.6;6;Hilfenhaus to Pathan, SIX runs Irfan can ask for 12 runs for that shot. He's banged that free-hit into oblivion. Short length ball in the slot, Irfan rocks back and swings it clean and wild over deep midwicket. Into the second tier.;
34.6;1nb;Hilfenhaus to Pathan, (no ball) over-steps as he delivers a full ball wide of off stump. Play and a miss, but the upcoming free-hit could help.;
34.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Pathan, no run aha, Hilfy has taken one return catch blinder today, he nearly pulled off another one. Irfan thumped a full ball right back, and it was low again. This time Hilf couldn't grab as he went down.;
34.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Pathan, no run short of a length, Irfan stays back and defends.;
34.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Pathan, no run Irfan plants the front foot across the line and swings, but can't time it. Good thing he got some bat on it.;
34.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Pathan, no run back of a length on the stumps, Irfan defends to the leg side.;
34.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Pathan, no run full ball outside off stump, Irfan drives straight to cover. India are going nowhere here.;
33.6;1;Doherty to Pathan, 1 run tossed up wide of off stump, Irfan opens the face to glide it behind point.;
33.5;?;Doherty to Pathan, no run short ball, spinning down the leg side, Irfan pulls straight to short fine leg.;
33.4;?;Doherty to Pathan, no run tossed up on the stumps, Irfan works it round the corner.;
33.3;?;Doherty to Pathan, no run back of a length outside off, Irfan hangs back and steers towards backward point.;
33.2;1;Doherty to Ashwin, 1 run loopy again, driven off the front foot down the track.;
33.1;?;Doherty to Ashwin, no run tossed up to Ashwin, defended off the front foot.;
32.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Pathan, no run length ball on off stump, Irfan defends down the track.;
32.6;1w;Hilfenhaus to Pathan, 1 wide bouncer from Hilf, Irfan ducks under it and it is called a wide.;
32.5;W;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, OUT Dhoni's gone, this time Mr. Cool's tactics haven't worked. He hasn't lasted long enough to make up for a slow start, and boy was the start slow.. Hilfenhaus slipped a quick length ball straight past Dhoni, who was trapped on the crease as he looked to work to leg. He misses the shot and it struck plumb in front.;MS Dhoni lbw b Hilfenhaus 14 (68m 49b 0x4 0x6) SR: 28.57;
32.4;1;Hilfenhaus to Ashwin, 1 run Ashwin runs in squarer this time, that's more like the area he was looking for. Single to third man.;
32.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Ashwin, no run short of a length on the stumps, Ashwin works it to the leg side.;
32.2;4;Hilfenhaus to Ashwin, FOUR runs steered intentionally, but it went uncomfortably close to the fly slip. Short and wide of off stump, Ashwin delicately opened the face to glide it fine, and Watson went flying to his right at slip, but this was out of his range.;
32.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Ashwin, no run back of a length from Hilf, Ashwin defends from the crease.;
31.6;1;Doherty to Ashwin, 1 run tossed up slow and generous outside off, Ashwin dabs to the off side for one.;
31.5;1;Doherty to Dhoni, 1 run curling into the pads, Dhoni works it square for a single.;
31.4;?;Doherty to Dhoni, no run still no single, Dhoni steers to point and the fielder is sharp.;
31.3;?;Doherty to Dhoni, no run Dhoni pokes defensively from the crease to the off side of the pitch.;
31.2;1;Doherty to Ashwin, 1 run Ashwin skips out and drives with the turn through the covers.;
31.1;?;Doherty to Ashwin, no run back of a length from Doherty, Ashwin pushes to cover.;
30.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, no run back of a length, Dhoni covers the line and blocks again.;
30.5;2;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, 2 runs the pressure shows on Dhoni, who tries to carve a straight length ball over the covers. He gets a thick edge that flies behind point, and they get two.;
30.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, no run Hilf plugs away on a length, and Dhoni again defends to the off side.;
30.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, no run back of a length, Dhoni punches to cover once again. 11 off 42;
30.2;1;Hilfenhaus to Ashwin, 1 run back of a length outside off, Ashwin opens the face and steers to third man for one.;
30.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Ashwin, no run full length ball outside off, Ashwin pushes it into the covers.;
29.6;1;Doherty to Ashwin, 1 run Ashwin skips out and whips a full toss through midwicket for a single.;
29.5;?;Doherty to Ashwin, no run goes back in the crease and forces a flat ball to mid-on.;
29.4;?;Doherty to Ashwin, no run flighted outside off, Ashwin skips out and drives to cover.;
29.3;1;Doherty to Dhoni, 1 run goes back to a short ball and punches it hard to deep cover for a single.;
29.2;?;Doherty to Dhoni, no run flighted on off stump, Dhoni plays it right back to Doherty.;
29.1;?;Doherty to Dhoni, no run tossed up outside off, Dhoni pushes it into the covers.;
28.6;?;Christian to Ashwin, no run short ball, Ashwin jabs at it down the track from the crease.;
28.5;?;Christian to Ashwin, no run good bouncer, Ashwin is hustled into the pull but the ball is through him.;
28.4;2;Christian to Ashwin, 2 runs top timing from Ashwin, but some sluggish running. Angled into the pads, Ashwin whips it sumptuously to square leg. Hilfenhaus slid and cleaned up in the deep, and India didn't show enough intent for the third.;
28.3;1;Christian to Dhoni, 1 run Dhoni punches a single to deep cover from the crease. He now has 10 off 38 balls.;
28.2;1;Christian to Ashwin, 1 run pitched up wide of off stump, Ashwin gets the edge as he presses forward and feels for it. The ball goes to third man for a single.;
28.1;?;Christian to Ashwin, no run short ball outside Ashwin's off stump, he attempts the cut and misses.;
27.6;1;Doherty to Ashwin, 1 run Ashwin charges out, gets close to the flight and swipes Doherty through midwicket for a single.;
27.5;?;Doherty to Ashwin, no run inward drift from outside off, Ashwin goes back and defends.;
27.4;?;Doherty to Ashwin, no run over-pitched wide of off stump, Ashwin square drives well but finds point.;
27.3;1;Doherty to Dhoni, 1 run short ball, Dhoni goes back and pushes through the off side for one.;
27.2;1;Doherty to Ashwin, 1 run loopy ball outside off, Ashwin drives through mid-off for one.;
27.1;1;Doherty to Dhoni, 1 run short ball to Dhoni, who hangs back and whips through point for one.;
26.6;?;Christian to Ashwin, no run full ball on off stump, Ashwin drives nicely but straight to mid-off.;
26.5;?;Christian to Ashwin, no run short of a length, Ashwin defends to the off side.;
26.5;1w;Christian to Ashwin, 1 wide short and wide, close to being called too. Ashwin tries to slash it away, and misses. In fact, it is called.;
26.4;?;Christian to Ashwin, no run back of a length on the stumps, Ashwin defends from the crease.;
26.3;W;Christian to Jadeja, OUT Watson has held one in the slips at long last. Jadeja's turn to give cordon catching practice. Short ball angling across the left hander, who stays rooted on the crease and tries to steer it with hard hands through backward point. It takes the edge and flies into Watto's grasp at a good catching height.;Ravindra Jadeja c Watson b Christian 8 (30m 17b 1x4 0x6) SR: 47.05;
26.2;?;Christian to Jadeja, no run wider of off stump, Jadeja watches it go through to the keeper.;
26.1;?;Christian to Jadeja, no run over-pitched outside off stump, Jadeja drives off the front foot straight to mid-off.;
25.6;?;Doherty to Dhoni, no run tossed up pleasingly, and Dhoni defends carefully off the front foot.;
25.5;?;Doherty to Dhoni, no run slipping down the leg side, Dhoni works to the leg side.;
25.4;?;Doherty to Dhoni, no run Dhoni lunges out and the ball hits high on the bat as he pushes forward..;
25.3;1;Doherty to Jadeja, 1 run short and wide of off stump, Jadeja goes back as it spins in and curs through backward point.;
25.2;?;Doherty to Jadeja, no run fuller length to Jadeja, who defends.;
25.1;1;Doherty to Dhoni, 1 run short of a length outside off, Dhoni goes back and punches through the covers for a single.;
24.6;?;McKay to Jadeja, no run bit of an lbw appeal as McKay gets a ball to straighten from the line of off stump. Jadeja was playing the half-cock forward defensive and it hit bat and pad, seemingly;
24.5;?;McKay to Jadeja, no run angled across Jadeja from over the stumps and he sees it through to the keeper.;
24.4;1;McKay to Dhoni, 1 run short ball outside off, Dhoni stays back and hacks it hard through backward point for one.;
24.3;?;McKay to Dhoni, no run back of a length, the ball jumps at Dhoni from outside off and he is hit on the thigh pad as he hops and looks ti nudge.;
24.2;1;McKay to Jadeja, 1 run on the hips this time, Jadeja whips it behind square for a single.;
24.1;4;McKay to Jadeja, FOUR runs India have a boundary after what seemed like an eternity. Jadeja uncorks the wrists on an elegant square drive as McKay angles it across him.;
23.6;?;Watson to Dhoni, no run fuller length, this time Dhoni doesn't even bother trying to hit it hard. He knows the drill, and meekly defends to Christian at cover.;
23.5;?;Watson to Dhoni, no run action replay. Full pitched outside off, Dhoni drives fluently to Christian in the covers.;
23.4;?;Watson to Dhoni, no run again he drives into the covers and Christian intercepts.;
23.3;2;Watson to Dhoni, 2 runs over-pitched this time on the pads, and Dhoni flicks to deep square leg. They could have had three, but Dhoni stops Jadeja as McKay's relay throw comes in. First runs off Watto after 18 balls.;
23.2;?;Watson to Dhoni, no run eight saved off two balls. Over-pitched outside off, Dhoni lashes the off drive, but Hilfenhaus moves quickly and slides to his right to stop it.;
23.1;?;Watson to Dhoni, no run Christian is like a wall in the covers.. Nothing's going past him. Dhoni absolutely murders a length ball to short cover, and Christian puts out his left hand to stop it.;
22.6;?;McKay to Jadeja, no run angled across Jadeja from over the stumps and he lets it go.;
22.5;1;McKay to Dhoni, 1 run back of a length outside off, Dhoni hacks to third man to move to 3 off 23 balls.;
22.4;?;McKay to Dhoni, no run covers the line better this time and plays a length ball to cover.;
22.3;?;McKay to Dhoni, no run Dhoni dropped in the slips. Watson is the culprit again, and the ball seems to be following him. This one hit the seam and straightened outside off as Dhoni went at it with hard hands. It was dying on Watson, but if he'd held, that would have been the game.;
22.2;?;McKay to Dhoni, no run on a length, Dhoni defends from the crease.;
22.1;1;McKay to Jadeja, 1 run another edge. Jadeja plonks the bat out invitingly to a 125 kph length ball angled across him. The edge falls short of Watson at slip.;
21.6;?;Watson to Dhoni, no run short ball outside off, another maiden from Watson to Dhoni as he punches into the covers.;
21.5;?;Watson to Dhoni, no run wow, Dhoni tries to shake it awake by jumping out of the pitch and driving hard, but Christian does well to stop it at short cover.;
21.4;?;Watson to Dhoni, no run back of a length, angling in from off stump, and Dhoni tucks to the leg side. This chase has gone to sleep, temporarily at least.;
21.3;?;Watson to Dhoni, no run over-pitched on off stump, Dhoni drives it straight to mid-off.;
21.2;?;Watson to Dhoni, no run full length, draws Dhoni forward and gets him to drive to mid-on.;
21.1;?;Watson to Dhoni, no run Watson plugs away on a length outside off, Dhoni defends down the track.;
20.6;?;Lee to Jadeja, no run full length on off stump, Jadeja defends to the off side with an indifferent forward press.;
20.5;1;Lee to Dhoni, 1 run angled in towards the pads, Dhoni shuffles across and nudges to the leg side.;
20.4;?;Lee to Dhoni, no run back of a length outside off stump, defended to the off side.;
20.3;?;Lee to Dhoni, no run on a good length, Dhoni covers the line and defends to the off side.;
20.2;1;Lee to Jadeja, 1 run Jadeja is away with a nudge to the leg side as Lee attacks with pace.;
20.1;1;Lee to Dhoni, 1 run short ball to Dhoni again, he pulls this time to fine leg for his first run.;
19.6;?;Watson to Jadeja, no run on a good length, Jadeja gets the front foot across and defends to the off side.;
19.5;?;Watson to Jadeja, no run goes past the outside edge now as Jadeja feels without conviction to a length ball angling across him.;
19.4;?;Watson to Jadeja, no run back of a length outside off stump, Jadeja stays back and defends to the off side.;
19.3;?;Watson to Jadeja, no run goes wide with his first ball to Jadeja, and he leaves it through to Wade.;
19.2;W;Watson to Raina, OUT Raina has edged his way to a lot of criticsm. India are floundering. Length ball angled across innocuously, Raina couldn't have helped Wade with easier catching practice if he wanted to. He leaned across, angled the blade and lazily wafted it into Wade's gloves, playing the shot far, far away from his body.;Suresh Raina c ?Wade b Watson 8 (16m 7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 114.28;
19.1;?;Watson to Raina, no run full ball outside off, Raina leans out and defends to the off side.;
18.6;?;Lee to Dhoni, no run again on the back foot, but this time Dhoni potters across to cover the line and defends to the off side.;
18.5;?;Lee to Dhoni, no run short ball, Dhoni stays back and punches well but straight to cover.;
18.4;?;Lee to Dhoni, no run Dhoni didn't know which way to go there. 138 kph on a full ball outside off that then seamed away. Dhoni should have gone back and across, but he did neither and was beaten.;
18.3;?;Lee to Dhoni, no run another bumper outside off stump, Dhoni watches it closely as it goes to keeper.;
18.2;?;Lee to Dhoni, no run short ball outside off, Dhoni hops back and blocks to the off side.;
18.1;1;Lee to Raina, 1 run back of a length on the hips, Raina plays that ginger, jumping, nudging poke behind square leg for one.;
17.6;?;Watson to Dhoni, no run maiden from Watto, keeps Dhoni pinned with a length ball outside off that is defended to cover.;
17.5;?;Watson to Dhoni, no run stays back and jabs from outside off towards the covers.;
17.4;?;Watson to Dhoni, no run plays all over a length ball as it nips in once more.;
17.3;?;Watson to Dhoni, no run back of a length from Watto and nipping in, it catches Dhoni on the thigh as he looks to defend.;
17.2;1;Watson to Raina, 1 run back of a length outside off, Raina chops it behind point for a single.;
17.1;4;Watson to Raina, FOUR runs Raina gives a better exhibition of the cover drive. Pitched up on off stump, Raina's forward press got him into position and the ball was under his eye when he smoked it into the covers.;
16.6;W;McKay to Gambhir, OUT the timbre of timber clattering. Gambhir has played on. McKay angles another one across Gambhir innocuously, who hasn't looked himself in that area today. He went for a loose drive this time, feet well away from the bat, and got an inside edge onto the stumps.;Gautam Gambhir b McKay 23 (68m 48b 3x4 0x6) SR: 47.91;
16.5;1;McKay to Raina, 1 run short ball outside off, Raina plays a rather daring steer off the back foot towards third man.;
16.4;1;McKay to Gambhir, 1 run several run out chances there, but all safe. Gambhir drilled a full ball back, McKay got a finger on it and it hit the stumps, but Raina was in. Gambhir then wanted the single, and Raina responded eventually and bounded in, in time.;
16.3;?;McKay to Gambhir, no run angled across Gambhir once again, and he lets it go to the keeper.;
16.2;1;McKay to Raina, 1 run back of a length on the hips, nudged on the hope towards square leg for one.;
16.1;1;McKay to Gambhir, 1 run Gambhir edges his first ball as Christian angles one across him. Edgy, but hanging in there.;
15.6;W;Watson to Kohli, OUT Watson strikes in his first over. Full length ball, comes through much slower than it did when Lee was going whang. Kohli was lazy leaning across for the flick, he seemed to play it early and didn't keep it down. Straight to midwicket, and Watson is thrilled. Injury or not, his golden arm remains intact.;Virat Kohli c Christian b Watson 21 (36m 27b 2x4 0x6) SR: 77.77;
15.5;1;Watson to Gambhir, 1 run pitched up again, well outside off and Gambhir gets the outside edge through backward point.;
15.4;?;Watson to Gambhir, no run full ball zips through Gambhir who misses an expansive drive through the covers.;
15.3;1;Watson to Kohli, 1 run short this time outside off, Kohli quietly dabs it behind point.;
15.2;?;Watson to Kohli, no run Kohli remains solid as he defends off the front foot to mid-on.;
15.1;?;Watson to Kohli, no run short of a length on off stump, Kohli defends off the front foot.;
14.6;?;Christian to Gambhir, no run back of a length outside off stump, Gambhir opens the face and steers to point.;
14.5;1;Christian to Kohli, 1 run length ball on the pads, worked with the angle towards square leg.;
14.4;1;Christian to Gambhir, 1 run on the pads, Gambhir turns it around to the leg side for a single.;
14.3;?;Christian to Gambhir, no run DJ does it again in the covers. Gambhir leans out and drives a full ball, David comes in the way with a dive.;
14.2;?;Christian to Gambhir, no run whips this across wide of off stump, and Gambhir leaves. Close to a wide.;
14.1;1;Christian to Kohli, 1 run full length ball outside Kohli's off stump, he drives it easily through point for one.;
13.6;?;Hussey to Gambhir, no run straightens down the line from outside off stump. Gambhir opens the face and steers to point.;
13.5;?;Hussey to Gambhir, no run slanted down the leg side, Gambhir works it straight to backward square leg.;
13.4;1;Hussey to Kohli, 1 run flighted on the stumps, Kohli works it easily behind square for a single.;
13.3;?;Hussey to Kohli, no run short of a length and fired through, Kohli punches to the leg side and Hussey himself fields.;
13.2;1;Hussey to Gambhir, 1 run Gambhir goes back in the crease and whips square for one more single.;
13.1;1;Hussey to Kohli, 1 run tossed up on the stumps, Kohli flicks through square leg for a single.;
12.6;4;McKay to Gambhir, FOUR runs edged but safe. Gambhir drawn out by a full length ball that was angling across. He gets the outside edge and it flies to the left of slip. It was dying on him too. Watson was the man at lone slip, and he was making a good effort.;
12.5;?;McKay to Gambhir, no run pitched further up, Gambhir digs it out straight to mid off.;
12.4;?;McKay to Gambhir, no run short of a length on the stumps. Gambhir tucks it to the leg side.;
12.3;?;McKay to Gambhir, no run angled across at 132 kph, Gambhir shoulders arms.;
12.2;1;McKay to Kohli, 1 run back of a length on the pads, worked through square leg for one.;
12.1;1;McKay to Gambhir, 1 run pitched up outside off, Gambhir leans out and guides it into the covers for a single.;
11.6;1;Hussey to Gambhir, 1 run short ball on the pads, turned to square leg for one more.;
11.5;?;Hussey to Gambhir, no run fuller, straightens from off stump line. Gambhir doesn't get too far forward but defends.;
11.4;1;Hussey to Kohli, 1 run short ball on the stumps, Kohli turns it with the spin for one more.;
11.3;1;Hussey to Gambhir, 1 run back of a length on the stumps, Gambhir nudges it to the leg side.;
11.2;1;Hussey to Kohli, 1 run this time Kohli uses the wrists to turn it behind square for a single.;
11.1;?;Hussey to Kohli, no run tossed up from round the stumps, worked with the angle to midwicket.;
10.6;?;McKay to Gambhir, no run Gambhir plays across the line to a full ball, and inside edges onto the pad. It carries a fair way to the leg side too, but drops short of the fielder.;
10.5;?;McKay to Gambhir, no run full ball on off stump, Gambhir defends off the front foot to mid-off;
10.4;?;McKay to Gambhir, no run on Gambhir's pads, he works it neatly straight to midwicket.;
10.3;1;McKay to Kohli, 1 run clipped uppishly, but Kohli had that gap at midwicket in his sights as the full ball tails into him. McKay goes down on his follow through, some footing problems for the Aussie seames.;
10.2;?;McKay to Kohli, no run fuller length, again that proud forward press from Kohli who punches hard to mid-off.;
10.1;?;McKay to Kohli, no run short of a length outside off from McKay, Kohli blocks to point.;
9.6;4;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, FOUR runs ah, Hilfy has lost the plot a touch. Full toss wide of off stump now, and Gambhir was almost apologetic to lean across and flash it through the point area. Two fours and two wides ruin the over.;
9.5;4;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, FOUR runs Gambhir produces some top-class timing with the cut shot. Back of a length outside off, not that wide, but it was enough for Gambhir to latch onto with a cut behind point.;
9.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run another dot ball as Gambhir opens the face and steers a full ball straight to point.;
9.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run Hilfenhaus gets the ball to seam in, Gambhir inner edges a drive onto the pads.;
9.3;1w;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, 1 wide slips this one well down the leg side and it is called a wide.;
9.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run they are saving fours for a living, are the Husseys. David now at short cover, holds a bullet as Gambhir leans out and drives hard into the off side.;
9.2;1w;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, 1 wide bouncer over the leg stump line, Gambhir tries to swat it away and misses.;
9.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run short of a length on the stumps, worked off the hips to the leg side.;
8.6;?;McKay to Kohli, no run jaffa to end the over, beats Kohli with one that hits the seam outside off stump and swerves away. Kohli pushes forward and feels for it.;
8.5;?;McKay to Kohli, no run Kohli leans across and drives to mid-off off the middle of the bat.;
8.4;?;McKay to Kohli, no run another one darts in off the seam, and Kohli lets it pass outside off stump.;
8.3;4;McKay to Kohli, FOUR runs Kohli's carted the freebie for four. Short ball angling into the batsman's body isn't a good idea when you are bowling a free hit. Kohli cashes in, pivoting on his back foot and rolling the wrists to send it packing through midwicket.;
8.3;1nb;McKay to Kohli, (no ball) lets a length ball go through outside off as it hits the seam and darts in close to the stumps ... No-ball, free hit to come.;
8.2;2;McKay to Kohli, 2 runs full ball, angling into the pads and Kohli flicks languidly through backward square leg for a couple.;
8.1;1;McKay to Gambhir, 1 run back of a length outside Gambhir's off stump, he plays it finer than point this time for the single.;
7.6;4;Hilfenhaus to Kohli, FOUR runs Kohli punches beautifully through the off side. Hilfenhaus pitched this up outside off, Kohli leaned out and stroked it without effort past mid-off for four.;
7.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Kohli, no run pitched up and seaming into the pads, Kohli whips it straight to midwicket.;
7.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Kohli, no run back of a length outside off stump, defended to the off side again.;
7.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Kohli, no run short of a length outside off, Kohli defends to the off side.;
7.2;2;Hilfenhaus to Kohli, 2 runs Kohli is away with a princely tuck through midwicket as Hilfenhaus angles into his pads.;
7.1;1;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, 1 run short of a length outside off stump, Gambhir steers it through backward point for a single.;
6.6;W;Lee to Gambhir, OUT this is going to get very nasty. Tendulkar is run out, but Lee was in his way as he ran through. Back of a length outside off stump, Gambhir drops it to point and Tendulkar responds for a single. Lee ran across the pitch towards the ball, and then stopped to observe as Warner ran in from point and under-armed it. Lee needn't have been there, but he was. And he wasn't there intentionally to block Tendulkar, but he did. Tendulkar threw his arms up in frustration the moment the ball hit the stumps, but that's out by the laws of the game. He was not even in the frame. Every innings, we have a bone of contention!;Sachin Tendulkar run out (Warner) 14 (34m 15b 2x4 0x6) SR: 93.33;
6.5;?;Lee to Gambhir, no run everyone gets away with something. Over-pitched on the pads, Gambhir works it straight to short fine leg, but nearly on the full. Forrest then hurls the stumps down needlessly at the bowler's end, but escapes without conceding overthrows.;
6.4;?;Lee to Gambhir, no run a subtle drop in pace, Gambhir is early into the front foot drive, but controls it and keeps it down towards mid-off.;
6.3;?;Lee to Gambhir, no run fuller length, Gambhir works it efficiently to mid-on.;
6.2;4lb;Lee to Gambhir, 4 leg byes aha, Lee has burst a bumper right through Gambhir here. He was hopping and ducking, with the hands in front of his face and the eyes looking down as the ball took off from short of a length. The ball kisses the gloves and goes just past Wade as he leaps high and gets his glove-tips to it. Bowden signals legbyes. Gambhir was telling the umpire he gloved it. Pretty sure he wouldn't have, if Wade had held it.;
6.1;1;Lee to Tendulkar, 1 run back of a length, Sachin stays back and steers backward of point for a single.;
5.6;3;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, 3 runs and the off drive now. Doesn't overhit the over-pitched ball, just leans across towards the line and meets it with a perfect push of the straight bat. Beats mid-off and picks up three.;
5.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, no run fuller and a touch wider of off stump, Tendulkar leaves it.;
5.4;4;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, FOUR runs blazing stroke through point. This was short and seaming away to give him the width. Sachin was hopping back even as he ripped at it with a cut shot of finesse and ferocity.;
5.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, no run another leave outside off, Sachin's looking determined to get them to bowl at him today.;
5.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, no run fuller length and nice shape away from the right hander. Tendulkar watches it go through.;
5.2;1w;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, 1 wide this one goes the other way, Sachin lets it go and it is a wide.;
5.1;4;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, FOUR runs Sachin pulls out the upper cut, and gets it away fine. I doubt if the fine-ness was entirely intentional. Hilf got this one to cut in from back of a length, and Sachin was cramped for room as he forced it away. It hit the edge of the top half of the bat.;
4.6;?;Lee to Gambhir, no run length ball at 142 kph to end the over, Gambhir defends solidly down the track.;
4.5;?;Lee to Gambhir, no run Mike Hussey is on fire in the covers. He leaps and pounces to his left to parry a fluent cover drive from Gambhir.;
4.4;?;Lee to Gambhir, no run short of a length outside off, Gambhir sees it through to the keeper.;
4.3;1;Lee to Tendulkar, 1 run direct hit would have had Gambhir gasping. Short of a length outside off, Sachin drops it to point and takes off. Hussey runs in and under-arms, but misses the stumps. Gambhir would have been gone.;
4.2;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run zippy short ball at 140 kph, Sachin arches back and lets it go without a second thought.;
4.1;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run barring the one that went for four legbyes, Lee has bowled exclusively short. Sachin hops behind the line and defends to the off side.;
3.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run back of a length on the stumps, Gambhir defends staunchly down the track.;
3.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run presses forward and drives straight to mid-off now.;
3.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run fuller length outside off, Gambhir strokes it into the covers off the front foot.;
3.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run back of a length and angling across. Gambhir hops and defends with an open face to the off side, before playing an air shot with a straighter bat;
3.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run good bumper, only 136 kph but the perfect length. Gambhir ducks in a hurry.;
3.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run short of a length on the off stump, the sort of ball Gambhir has routinely poked to the slips off the edge. He defends assuredly this time.;
2.6;1;Lee to Gambhir, 1 run back of a length on the stumps, Gambhir takes a quick single to mid-on to open his account.;
2.5;4lb;Lee to Gambhir, 4 leg byes over-pitched on the pads, Gambhir misses the flick, but his pads deflect the ball to fine leg. Lee keeps appealing for an lbw, but that was sliding harmlessly down the leg side.;
2.4;1;Lee to Tendulkar, 1 run Sachin's away with an edged single through backward point as he looks to cover the line to a length ball outside off.;
2.3;4b;Lee to Tendulkar, 4 byes the ball somehow evades Wade. Good stuff from Lee, gets this to jump in off the seam as Tendulkar left, and then it started curling in sharply after passing the stumps. Wade didn't have a chance.;
2.2;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run another leave outside off from Tendulkar, he sees the short of length ball and lets it go.;
2.1;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run short of a length outside off stump and seaming away. Tendulkar shoulders arms.;
1.6;W;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, OUT no sign of runs for Sehwag, though he has some wickets today. Superb take from Hilfenhaus on his follow through. Length ball outside off, Sehwag smacks it right back on the up and it is dying on Hilfenhaus as he bursts through his follow through. He swoops low to pluck it inches above the turf. India are rocked early, again.;Virender Sehwag c & b Hilfenhaus 5 (8m 11b 1x4 0x6) SR: 45.45;
1.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, no run short of a length again, Sehwag stays back, feet stationary, and punches to the off side.;
1.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, no run short of a driving length. Sehwag goes back and punches to mid-off.;
1.4;1w;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, 1 wide slips down the leg side, Sehwag can't get the glance away and it is a wide.;
1.3;4;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, FOUR runs thundered through the covers. Back of a length from Hilfenhaus, Sehwag had enough width to go back and thrash it on the up. He played it in the air, but found the gap in the covers.;
1.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, no run superb bouncer from Hilfy, pitches it perfectly to trouble Sehwag as it goes close to his face. He was going back in the crease, but had to yank the head and bat away at the last moment.;
1.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, no run short of a length outside Sehwag's off stump, he gets into a good position to steer to the off side.;
0.6;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run A short ball to Sachin first up, 141 kph and jumping away. Tendulkar stays out of harm's way.;
0.5;1;Lee to Sehwag, 1 run here comes the carve over the off side, but Sehwag doesn't try to hit it out of the ground. It skims through to third man after a couple of bounces.;
0.4;?;Lee to Sehwag, no run rub your eyes in disbelief. Sehwag has shouldered arms to a back of length ball outside off stump. Ian Chappell says this is rare footage.;
0.3;?;Lee to Sehwag, no run beaten by a purler. Lee pitches this up on off stump and gets it to dance away from Sehwag as he fumbles to cover the line. Can't get closer to the outside edge, or the off stump, without making contact.;
0.2;?;Lee to Sehwag, no run this time he lets one go outside off. 139 kph, short and lifting nicely outside off stump. Sehwag weaves away.;
0.1;?;Lee to Sehwag, no run beaten outside off. Back of a length outside off, good carry and some away movement. Sehwag tries to jab it away, and misses.;
0.1;1w;Lee to Sehwag, 1 wide you almost saw that coming. Short and wide of off stump, Sehwag goes after it, but it was so wide that even he couldn't reach it. Third man is square, and is licking his lips.;

Sehwag is out there with the bat now, and he's there with Tendulkar. India's best opener in the series will bat at No. 3 again. Lee to bowl. Will Sehwag line up the upper-cut straight away? Two slips.
"MS Dhoni logs into FB account. 1 Notification. 'Sehwag and Dhoni are now friends'." Thanks for the update, Sheedh.
Early jinx alert. "I haven't felt this way before, but I feel in my heart that the 100th 100 will happen today. Don't ask me why... And I'm an Aussie!(Please publish this Nitin, so that when I'm right I will be famous!))," says Scott. We'll see if this is going to make him famous or notorious.
 Innings Start
Australia
India
10th Match (D/N), Sydney, Feb 26 2012, Commonwealth Bank Series
252/9
165
Player of the match is David Warner, AUS
Australia won by 87 runs
