Data
5.30pm Ireland will have to chase 195 in 27 overs, all this provided there is no more rain. For now, we have a game on and a compelling one too. Bright and sunny at the moment.
5.17pm Play will resume at 5.40 pm, which is a little over 20 minutes from now. Should be between a 25 and 30 over game.
Brendan: "The problem for the chasing team is that they don't know how many overs they will get. They either must chase hard from the start and risk getting bowled out, or plan for the 40 overs and risk getting caught out. "
5.15pm A restart is imminent with the sun shining in all its glory. A revised target will be updated for you when I have it.
mahesh: "Similar situation actually happened in the NZ v SA WC semifinal. I dont remember exact scores, but NZ scored quite a few runs more than SA to win the rain-shortened match!"
5.10pm A lot of chaos among our followers regarding the reason Ireland may have to chase more than what Australia actually scored. Considering it was a 47-over match or as was later reduced, a 46-over match, Australia could have had the opportunity to score those extra runs in those few overs. However, taking into account Australia set themselves up to play a 47-over match, the D/L method takes this into consideration, thereby increasing the target.
4.58pm The sun is out now, so only a matter of how much water has fallen on the outfield and the deterioration of the pitch. If it is a 40-over match, target for Ireland will be 248. In the event it is reduced to the minimum 20 overs, target will be 158. So those are the extremes, the target and the amount of overs should be somewhere in between.
James: "Bit surprised the Irish target is that much higher (28) than Australia scored. Aus only had 3 1/2 wickets left (Watson was on nearly 30, so counts as a 1/2). I was expecting closer to 230." -- Surprise is everyone's first reaction at revised D/L scores.
FYI, 30-over game, target = 209 25-over game, target = 185
4.25pm Australia's innings is finished. Inspection at 5 pm. Maximum, we can have a 40-over game but could be curtailed even below that.
Simon: "Does the D/L method calculate the 40 over total for Ireland to get based on a 47 over projection or 50 over projection? Given that Australia was pacing their innings for a 47 over match." -- Since, it started as a 47-over match, the D/L calculation will be based on a 47-over projection, I'd think.
Pelham Barton: "You are almost right on the calculations for overs lost, but it is actually worked on 4.2 minutes for each over (14.28 overs per hour). "
Aaron: "How do the match officials determine how much to shorten the game after a delay? Are there set rules?" --- Right, so according to my limited knowledge, one over is counted as 4 minutes. So for every four minutes, one over is lost in the second innings. In the first innings, eight minutes is counted as one over lost because it has to be reduced for both innings. All this, will be factored in after reviewing conditions such as shortened innings break, light condition of the ground, etc. Have I got this right?
4.18pm The rain has stopped now. The groundstaff are diligently working on the covers
4.00pm Still raining at the moment.
Animesh: "@Nikah.. I think that's a genuinely interesting question. I wonder how a Brazil or a Spain think after a football world cup. Or Federer or Djokovic after Wimbeldon. It certainly doesn't seem to be something that just happens along the way for other sports."
Arjun Sanyal: "How many overs would Ireland have to bat out to ensure this match has a result?" -- 20 overs to have a match
Nikah: "Dont understand the obsession with building teams for WCs. Its something that happens once in four years. Why sweat and plan so much for it. Team changes should be organic and if at all things need to planned, why not do it just a six or twelve month before."
Mic: "Should have played this game in Dublin... been clear and sunny here all day!"
3.45pm And the rain has got heavy now and the players are off. Well, it was always coming. Very heavy now in fact. The covers are coming on with some vigour. This could be the end of the innings if the rain settles in for a bit. The whole square is covered for the moment. This could be a lengthy delay but I'll be here to update you whenever I have something.
Nikky: "I'm in Dublin and it rained for few minutes very heavy and is clear again. It should be a passing downpour and match will resume soon. Expect few more breaks like this later today..that's Ireland for you....! "
40.2;1;Stirling to Watson, 1 run flat outside off, Watson drills the ball wide of cover for one;
40.1;1;Stirling to Wade, 1 run darted in on middle, Wade gets down on one knee to sweep and connects with the paddle-sweep to fine leg for one;
39.6;1;Mooney to Wade, 1 run good length outside off, Wade just gets bat on it to guide it to the left of point for one;
39.5;1;Mooney to Watson, 1 run shortish outside off, Watson cuts to point where there is a tumbling half-stop;
39.4;4;Mooney to Watson, FOUR runs angle doesn't matter that much when it is overpitched. Full on off and Watson drills powerfully down the ground. Wow, some power there. Goes to the long-off boundary in a flash;
39.3;?;Mooney to Watson, no run comes back in with the angle this time. Good length from outside off into off, Watson looks to punch but the ball takes the inside edge because of that wide angle. Good bowling;
39.2;?;Mooney to Watson, no run slower delivery on leg, Watson fails to flick and is clipped on the pads;
39.1;W;Mooney to Marsh, OUT straight up in the air and taken. marsh goes now. Mooney cleverly delivers it from wider of the crease with a bit of leg cut, Marsh looks to hit over long-off again but the change in point of delivery helps taking the outer half of the bat. Murtagh settles under it and takes a good catch.;Mitchell Marsh c Murtagh b Mooney 11 (15m 15b 1x4 0x6) SR: 73.33;
38.6;1;Stirling to Marsh, 1 run flat on middle this time, drilled to long-on;
38.5;1;Stirling to Watson, 1 run flat again on middle, Watson heaves off the front foot with no timing. Porterfield at midwicket gets a hand on it and parries it into the air but cannot get a hold of it on the follow through.;
38.4;?;Stirling to Watson, no run quick bowling, seam up in fact outside off, Watson tries to square-drive but misses;
38.3;1;Stirling to Marsh, 1 run flight outside off, driven with the spin to long-on;
38.2;1;Stirling to Watson, 1 run fired in on leg, Watson works off his pads to deep square leg;
38.1;1;Stirling to Marsh, 1 run flat on middle, Marsh rocks back and punches off the back foot to long-on;
21.6;6;Young to Warner, SIX runs shot of the day for me. Just a tad short, and Warner is very quick on the length much like Burns but the difference was the execution. Perfectly executed and timed, goes well over square leg for a massive six.;
21.5;W;Young to Burns, OUT gone this time. Shortish length on middle, Burns picks the length early and wants to pull over square leg but gets a thick top edge which flies in the air with no distance. Niall gets under it and takes a comfortable catch. The umpires take a look at the front line again but this time he is behind the line.;Joe Burns c ?O'Brien b Young 69 (91m 70b 7x4 1x6) SR: 98.57;
21.4;1lb;Young to Warner, 1 leg bye drifting on Warner's pads who misses the tuck, they get the leg bye though as it rolls off into the leg side;
21.3;1;Young to Burns, 1 run fuller length again on off stump. Burns skews the delivery over point for one. Uppish but wide of the fielder;
21.2;1;Young to Warner, 1 run fuller on middle, drilled to long-on fiercely;
21.1;?;Young to Warner, no run big appeal but not given again. Pitched well outside leg, Warner is late on the flick and is struck right in front of middle stump. Good decision;
20.6;2;McBrine to Burns, 2 runs short and wide, cut away off the back foot in front of third man. Easily done;
20.5;1;McBrine to Warner, 1 run a lot slower this time but on middle giving Warner lots of time to go back and work it into the leg side;
20.4;1;McBrine to Burns, 1 run flat outside off, punched off the front foot to deep point;
20.3;1;McBrine to Warner, 1 run flat on middle, worked against the spin to midwicket;
20.2;6;McBrine to Warner, SIX runs what a shot. picks the delivery to go after and the execution is exemplary. Flighted on middle, Warner comes down the track and meets the ball as it pitched, deposits it over long-on;
20.1;1;McBrine to Burns, 1 run short and spinning in to Burns who rocks back and hits the drive to the deep cover;
37.6;6;Thompson to Watson, SIX runs even better from Watto. Just a tad short again and Watson is extremely quick on the pull. Stays in his crease, picks the length and flat-bats with a lot of muscle power over square leg. Goes a few metres over the boundary;
37.5;1;Thompson to Marsh, 1 run full again but closer to the off stump, Marsh pushes with an angled bat towards long-off;
37.4;4;Thompson to Marsh, FOUR runs oh great shot selection and picked the right ball to execute too. Full on a fifth-stump line, Marsh effortlessly lofts the ball over mid-off.;
37.3;2;Thompson to Marsh, 2 runs nicely timed and placed by MM. Short and slightly wide allowing Marsh to stand tall and punch wide of the cover fielder. Easy brace.;
37.2;1;Thompson to Watson, 1 run short and wide this time, Watson rocks back and plays the upper cut to third man.;
37.1;2;Thompson to Watson, 2 runs what a shot Shane Watson. Full and straight on middle, Watson stays in his crease, lets the ball come to him and thrashes the clip wide of midwicket. Very good to watch when in flow;
36.6;?;Stirling to Marsh, no run flat and slow on middle, Marsh turns it off his pads once more to the tight of midwicket who dives to stop. lots of miscommunication between the batsmen but they make the right decision to turn the single down;
36.5;?;Stirling to Marsh, no run full and flat, Marsh fails to connect with the ball as it hits his pads.;
36.4;?;Stirling to Marsh, no run tossed up on middle, Marsh works to midwicket;
36.3;1;Stirling to Watson, 1 run just a bit short and Watson is quick on his trademark pull. Hits it well and times it well but fails to pick the gap well, just the one;
36.2;1;Stirling to Marsh, 1 run slightly slow and flat, no spin. Marsh stays back and works the ball to midwicket with the turn;
36.1;1;Stirling to Watson, 1 run short and wide, not what you want to be bowling to Watson who rocks back and thrashes a cut to the sweeper;
35.6;?;Thompson to Marsh, no run good length on off, Marsh defends nicely off the back foot to cover;
35.5;?;Thompson to Marsh, no run fullish again outside off, Marsh chooses to drive this time but gets an inside edge onto his boot.;
35.4;?;Thompson to Marsh, no run much wider outside off, Marsh leaves with much more confidence;
35.3;?;Thompson to Marsh, no run almost hits the off stump. Very good leave or very bad leave? Good length, pitched just outside off. Marsh chooses to leave, There is no movement and just misses that off stump.;
35.2;W;Thompson to Smith, OUT edged and taken. Ireland get the big wicket of Steven Smith. Great, reflex catch by Niall. Shortish length outside off, Smith looks to guide down to third man or punch it wide of point but gets a thick outside edge which flies towards Niall who dives very nicely low to his right to hang on to a stunner.;Steven Smith c ?O'Brien b Thompson 21 (51m 38b 1x4 0x6) SR: 55.26;
35.1;?;Thompson to Smith, no run fullish length, looking for the top-of-off line. Smith gets behind the line nicely to defend;
34.6;?;Stirling to Watson, no run flat and very fast, darted in on leg stump, Watson misses his flick and is struck on the pads, going easily down leg and hence no appeal;
34.5;1;Stirling to Smith, 1 run fuller this time on off, Smith drives with the turn to long-on for another single;
34.4;1;Stirling to Watson, 1 run flat again on middle and leg, Watto drives off the back foot down to long-on;
34.3;1;Stirling to Smith, 1 run flat and short on middle, SS stays back and punches to long-on;
34.2;?;Stirling to Smith, no run slightly short on off, Smudge punches back to the bowler off the back foot;
34.1;1;Stirling to Watson, 1 run full and wide, drifts on with the arm. No spin. Watson pushes into the gap in the off side;
33.6;1;Murtagh to Watson, 1 run shortish on a sixth-stump line, Watson punches off the back foot into the gap through the cover region.;
33.5;1;Murtagh to Smith, 1 run this time the shuffle earns him a single. Shorter length on off allowing Smith to use his wrists to work it towards deep square leg;
33.4;?;Murtagh to Smith, no run nice length this time, fuller than a good length on off and middle, Smith can only block in spite of his shuffle;
33.3;?;Murtagh to Smith, no run very full on off stump, Smith drives nicely with the angle created by a bit of in swing to mid-on. Very nicely timed but didn't find the gap;
33.2;?;Murtagh to Smith, no run slightly shorter than a good length on off, Smith opens the face of the bat to guide to point;
33.1;1;Murtagh to Watson, 1 run goodish length just outside off, Watson can stay back and guide the ball down to third man. Not very quick is Murtagh but very accurate;
32.6;4;McBrine to Smith, FOUR runs errs in length this time and easy pickings for Smith. Short, a rank long hop in fact, on middle. Smith jumps back in his crease and smashes the pull well over midwicket. No fielder there;
32.5;?;McBrine to Smith, no run tossed up on middle, nice flight there. Smith defends down the track;
32.4;2;McBrine to Smith, 2 runs short and wide on this occasion, Smith rocks back and cuts late through point for two;
32.3;?;McBrine to Smith, no run flat and quick on middle, Smith punchily drives to midwicket;
32.2;1;McBrine to Watson, 1 run flat and slow on middle allowing Watson to stay back and punch down to long-on, the bowler makes a half-stop;
32.1;1;McBrine to Smith, 1 run tossed up but a bit quick through the air on middle and leg, Smith clips all along the ground to deep square leg;
31.6;1;Murtagh to Smith, 1 run good length on off, Smith shuffles across and clips backward of square for one;
31.5;?;Murtagh to Smith, no run fullish length outside off, Smith gets forward and blocks;
31.4;1;Murtagh to Watson, 1 run good length to begin after the break, not much movement. Watson pushes wide of point for one;
31.3;?;Murtagh to Watson, no run lovely stuff here from TM. Fullish on middle, blocked back to the bowler;
31.2;?;Murtagh to Watson, no run good lines continue. Fullish length just outside off, blocked into the cover region;
31.1;1;Murtagh to Smith, 1 run excellent ball once more. Full on middle, nipping into the right-hander. Smith looks to defend but gets a thick inside edge down to fine leg;
30.6;1;McBrine to Smith, 1 run flat again on off stump, Smith stays back and punchily drives to long-on with the turn;
30.5;1;McBrine to Watson, 1 run nice use of the wrists this time and the feet, Watson jumps down the track and whips down to long-on;
30.4;?;McBrine to Watson, no run full on middle, whipped to midwicket;
30.3;?;McBrine to Watson, no run skids onto Watson, almost got through him. Flat again, Watson rocks back and punches back just in time;
30.2;W;McBrine to Maxwell, OUT and another one goes. Maxwell is gone. Ireland coming back into it now. Flat and quick outside off, a nothing delivery actually. Maxwell lazily stays in his crease, looking to punch through the off side but he gets a thick outside edge, which is extremely well taken by Niall. Big deflection.;Glenn Maxwell c ?O'Brien b McBrine 2 (4m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
30.1;2;McBrine to Maxwell, 2 runs tossed up and overpitched outside off, Maxwell leans into the drive and times it nicely through the cover region;
29.6;1lb;Murtagh to Maxwell, 1 leg bye very full and quick on Maxwell's pads who is struck high down leg, they get a leg bye though;
29.5;?;Murtagh to Maxwell, no run and beaten again. Pitched on a fuller length moving away again. A repeat ball. Maxwell is beaten once more;
29.4;?;Murtagh to Maxwell, no run beaut.. Pitched on a good length and moved away just a touch. Just enough movement to take ball past the outside edge. Excellent bowling.;
29.3;?;Murtagh to Maxwell, no run great delivery. Fuller than a good length on a fourth-stump line. Maxwell defends well though;
29.2;W;Murtagh to Bailey, OUT the pressure tells. The lines and lengths work to perfection. Pitches on a good length and comes back in just a tad. Any guesses where it was directed? The ball takes the top of off and Aus are now three down. Bailey wanted to work it behind square on the off side but a little bit of nip accounted for him.;George Bailey b Murtagh 1 (8m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 14.28;
29.1;?;Murtagh to Bailey, no run not very quick but Murtagh's lines have been really good. Nothing different here. Just outside off on a fullish length, GB drives to cover;
28.6;1;McBrine to Bailey, 1 run a bit too short this time, flatter on middle and leg this time. bailey works nicely with the spin to deep midwicket;
28.5;?;McBrine to Bailey, no run ooh, almost got through him again. Flat on middle, Bailey manages to whip to midwicket;
28.4;?;McBrine to Bailey, no run fuller tossed up delivery outside off, GB runs down the track and clips to midwicket;
28.3;1;McBrine to Smith, 1 run flat and quick on middle which allows Smith to rock back and punch to long-on;
28.2;?;McBrine to Smith, no run fiercely swept to short fine leg. A lot of flight on off stump;
28.1;?;McBrine to Smith, no run nice flight, tossed up outside off, Smith skips down the track and clips to midwicket;
27.6;?;Murtagh to Bailey, no run almost got through him again, length on middle and leg, Bailey misses the defense and is hit very high on the pads.;
27.5;?;Murtagh to Bailey, no run very very big appeal. Only a thin inside edge could have saved him. And it looked like there was some bat. Good decision. Very full and straight towards middle.;
27.4;W;Murtagh to Warner, OUT wicket for Murtagh. Warner fails to time the pull well this time. Another missed century fro Warner on this tour. Shortish length on middle, Warner attempts to pull over square leg again, hits it decently though but in the air. He doesn't get all of it and goes down to deep square leg who takes a good running catch.;David Warner c Joyce b Murtagh 84 (112m 80b 7x4 3x6) SR: 105;
27.3;1;Murtagh to Smith, 1 run comes down the track to whack over midwicket but the bowler follows him and drops it short. Smith improvises well to pull to square leg;
27.2;?;Murtagh to Smith, no run fullish again in the corridor, Smith mistimes to mid-off. No run again. Another dot ball. pressure building on Smudge;
27.1;?;Murtagh to Smith, no run fullish length outside off to begin from TM. Smith defends into the off side;
26.6;1;McBrine to Smith, 1 run flatter and quicker on middle, Smith comes down the track and clips with discernible use of the wrists. The fielder at square leg makes a half-stop;
26.5;1;McBrine to Warner, 1 run tossed up outside off, Warner drives to long-on against the turn;
26.4;?;McBrine to Warner, no run flighted again on middle and leg, Warner works off his pads to midwicket;
26.3;1;McBrine to Smith, 1 run much much fuller on middle and leg, Smith works it down the ground for one;
26.2;?;McBrine to Smith, no run slow spin from outside off, Smith struggling to rotate the strike. Pats this ball into the off side;
26.1;?;McBrine to Smith, no run flight on off stump, Smith gets forward to block;
25.6;1;Murtagh to Smith, 1 run very full on middle, Smith works the ball nicely past midwicket towards mid-on for one. Well placed.;
25.5;1;Murtagh to Warner, 1 run not much width but Warner made that run there. Gave himself a touch of width to throw his hands at it to make a run through the off side;
25.4;?;Murtagh to Warner, no run short of a length outside off, blocked off the front foot to cover;
25.3;?;Murtagh to Warner, no run slower ball down leg again, Warner waits for the ball again and looks to clip it past the keeper but Niall dives and stops this time;
25.2;2;Murtagh to Warner, 2 runs nicely placed again. Slightly short on off stump, Warner cuts well past cover. Easy brace for the pair;
25.1;1;Murtagh to Smith, 1 run Smith shuffles across to off again but connects with the flick this time. Good length on off stump there;
24.6;?;McBrine to Warner, no run short and wide, Warner finds cover with the cut-drive hybrid;
24.5;?;McBrine to Warner, no run strays down leg, Warner cannot connect. Not called wide;
24.4;2;McBrine to Warner, 2 runs beautiful shot again. Brilliantly placed. Flighted outside off, Warner comes down and hits it to the right of cover. Long-off comes across and cuts it off though;
24.3;1;McBrine to Smith, 1 run flat on middle, Smith works nicely off his pads to deep square leg;
24.2;?;McBrine to Smith, no run some more drift without spin, Smith comes down looking to work into the leg side but gets a leading edge along the ground to cover;
24.1;?;McBrine to Smith, no run full outside off, Smith hands on the back foot and drives to cover;
23.6;?;Murtagh to Warner, no run nicely bowled. Shorter than a full length on off stump, Warner meets the ball with a good solid block to mid-off;
23.5;?;Murtagh to Warner, no run fullish on middle, worked off the pads to midwicket;
23.4;1lb;Murtagh to Smith, 1 leg bye massive appeal but not given. That was close, very close. I thought that was out. Smith moves across and looks to tickle it to the leg side but gets hit right in front of middle. May have been enough doubt but whew, that was close.;
23.3;1;Murtagh to Warner, 1 run wider outside off, Warner creams the drive out to the sweeper;
23.2;4;Murtagh to Warner, FOUR runs very slow down leg, Warner waits for the ball and then waits some more before deflecting the ball wide of the keeper with the thinnest of touches. Four easy runs;
23.1;?;Murtagh to Warner, no run good length on off and middle, Warner guides the ball to point off the front foot;
22.6;?;McBrine to Smith, no run very full overpitched delivery outside off, Smith drives back to the bowler;
22.5;?;McBrine to Smith, no run flat again on a good length, Smith repeats the shot to midwicket;
22.4;?;McBrine to Smith, no run flat and short, Smith drives to midwicket off the back foot;
22.3;1;McBrine to Warner, 1 run slightly shorter on off, Warner hangs on the back foot and drives wide of cover for one;
22.2;?;McBrine to Warner, no run full on off, Warner pats the ball back to the bowler;
22.1;1;McBrine to Smith, 1 run short and wide with no spin. Smith hangs on the back foot and crashes the cut past point;
19.6;1;Young to Burns, 1 run Burns plays the length ball outside off to third man with a good uppish dab. The same shot that got him illegally out before. but a lot more width this time.;
19.5;?;Young to Burns, no run bouncer very wide outside off. Poorly directed but not a bad option. Burns lets it go;
19.4;?;Young to Burns, no run full on off, Burns wants to launch the ball down the ground but mistimes it on to his boot instead. Burns would do well to look for timing instead of power. Losing his shape in the process;
19.3;1;Young to Warner, 1 run just a tad short on middle, Warner is very quick on the pull but the ball goes straight to deep square leg. Didn't get up at all;
19.2;?;Young to Warner, no run short of a length in the corridor, Warner punches the defense to cover;
19.1;?;Young to Warner, no run fullish on middle, Warner belts it down the ground but straight to mid-off;
18.6;?;McBrine to Burns, no run pushed through flatter again on off, Burns skips down the track but misses the flick as he is hit high on the pads;
18.5;1;McBrine to Warner, 1 run flat and quick on middle, Warner makes room and drives nicely to the sweeper;
18.4;1;McBrine to Burns, 1 run shorter this time outside off, Burns is on the back foot to punch to the sweeper;
18.3;?;McBrine to Burns, no run tossed up outside off, no spin at all. Burns walks across to try and sweep but it is very wide. Niall takes the bails off in a flash and the umpire opts to use the technology, but Burns is in.;
18.2;?;McBrine to Burns, no run tossed up on off, hit back to the bowler with no timing;
18.1;1;McBrine to Warner, 1 run tossed up on middle and leg, Warner advances and drives against the spin to long-on;
17.6;1;Young to Warner, 1 run overpitched delivery outside off, driven to mid-off with no timing. They get through for one;
17.5;1;Young to Burns, 1 run full toss outside off, smashed off the front foot to the sweeper;
17.5;1nb;Young to Burns, (no ball) gone this time. Burns' debut ends on 61. Was a good delivery, shortish of a length on middle stump and Burns wants to open the face to ramp it to third man but the ball is a bit closer this time. He gets a thick outside edge which is accepted by the keeper. The umpires check for a no ball though and guess what? The bowler has overstepped. Burns is reprieved.;
17.4;1;Young to Warner, 1 run drags his length back, first shortish delivery, Warner is surprised by the length, but gets an outside edge down to third man;
17.3;?;Young to Warner, no run fullish on off, driven to cover. Nicely fielded by Stirling;
17.2;1;Young to Burns, 1 run overpitched again on off, Burns opens the face to squeeze the ball to the sweeper on the off side;
17.1;?;Young to Burns, no run half-volley on off to begin, smashed back to the bowler who does well to stop it;
16.6;?;McBrine to Warner, no run flat again but the line and length is impeccable. Not much spin though. Warner happily defends back to the bowler;
16.5;?;McBrine to Warner, no run flat and quick on middle, defended off the back foot;
16.4;?;McBrine to Warner, no run nicely bowled. pushed through quicker in the air on a good length, Warner blocks;
16.3;1;McBrine to Burns, 1 run short and wide this time, much flatter. Burns pushes into the off side off the back foot;
16.2;2;McBrine to Burns, 2 runs tossed up again outside off, Burns comes down the track and works it wide of point;
16.1;?;McBrine to Burns, no run full and wide with some drift, Burns looks to drive but is beaten;
15.6;?;Thompson to Warner, no run nice finish from Thompson. Good length on off, no room for DW who blocks back to the bowler with his head perfectly over the ball;
15.5;1;Thompson to Burns, 1 run a touch wide and short, Burns ramps it off the open bat face down to third man. Easily done.;
15.4;?;Thompson to Burns, no run driven to cover off the front foot;
15.3;4;Thompson to Burns, FOUR runs smashed this time, wow. Strikes it well. Full on middle, Burns lofts the delivery easily over mid-on. Easy boundary as long as he got enough elevation;
15.2;?;Thompson to Burns, no run shortish on middle, Burns gets behind the line of the ball and blocks;
15.1;?;Thompson to Burns, no run full on leg, Burns whips the ball down to short fine leg who fires a quick accurate throw at Burns, who gets smashed on his legs before falling over. Some smiles all around;
14.6;4;Mooney to Warner, FOUR runs beautifully played again. Short on middle, Warner waits on it before swivel-pulling behind square. Times the ball excellently and the ball goes all the way for four in spite of the diving effort by deep square leg;
14.5;1;Mooney to Burns, 1 run fullish length on off, drilled to long-on;
14.4;4;Mooney to Burns, FOUR runs that's a much better shot from Burns. And he gets to his fifty too. Fifty on debut. Waits for the full length to come to him, lofts the ball over cover for four. Trickles into the boundary but it is four runs;
14.3;?;Mooney to Burns, no run full and straight, clipped to midwicket;
14.2;2;Mooney to Burns, 2 runs very full this time, but a slightly slower pace. Burns looks to belt the ball down the round but as he tries to hit it too hard, he doesn't get the ball well enough at all. The ball goes down to fine leg off the inside edge;
14.1;1;Mooney to Warner, 1 run very full on middle from wide of the crease, Warner plays the ball under his eyes as he drives to long-off;
13.6;?;Thompson to Burns, no run fuller than a good length on middle, whipped to midwicket. Good tight over there;
13.5;?;Thompson to Burns, no run fullish length on off, good lines now. Burns works the ball off the back foot to point;
13.4;1;Thompson to Warner, 1 run full on leg stump, Warner drives to long-on without much hassle;
13.3;?;Thompson to Warner, no run massive appeal but that pitched outside leg. Warner is rooted in his crease as he tries to defend but gets beaten on the inside edge. Not given. Good call.;
13.2;1;Thompson to Burns, 1 run swiped down to long-on. Good length on off again, Burns is looking for the gap over midwicket but can only heave the ball down the ground;
13.1;?;Thompson to Burns, no run good length on middle and leg, clipped off the front foot to midwicket;
12.6;1;Mooney to Burns, 1 run straight from wide of the crease on a good length, pushed to long-on with the angle. Easy runs for Aus now.;
12.5;1;Mooney to Warner, 1 run very full on off, drilled to long-off;
12.4;?;Mooney to Warner, no run slower delivery once again, bowled from wide of the crease. Warner tries to help it to third man but is beaten again;
12.3;1;Mooney to Burns, 1 run full and wide, skewed off over backward point again. Just the one though;
12.2;1;Mooney to Warner, 1 run full again on off, driven to long-off without any trouble;
12.1;?;Mooney to Warner, no run slower ball this time, nice change in pace. Slightly wide of off stump, Warner pushes at it but is beaten on the outside edge;
11.6;?;Thompson to Burns, no run repeats the line and length. Burns cannot do much with those, and hence pushes to cover off the front foot;
11.5;?;Thompson to Burns, no run aah nicely bowled. Good length in that corridor, Burns can only block off the front foot;
11.4;1;Thompson to Warner, 1 run short of a length on off, Warner this time, opens the face of the bat to get it wide of point;
11.3;1;Thompson to Burns, 1 run full again outside off, Burns opens the face of the bat deliberately to get the ball to third man. Nice rotation of strike now from these two;
11.2;1;Thompson to Warner, 1 run short and wide, creamed off the front foot straight to cover. Stirling tries to filed but the ball bursts through his hands allowing them one;
11.1;1;Thompson to Burns, 1 run full toss this time, low full toss on off stump. Burns squeezes it out to deep square leg. Looked for the yorker on that occasion;
10.6;?;Mooney to Warner, no run straying down leg, clips Warner's pads on the way to the keeper who makes a good diving stop;
10.5;1b;Mooney to Burns, 1 bye what happened there? May have been an extra. Shortish length on off, Burns is in tow minds as to what to do. He gets cut in half as the ball goes over off stump, the keeper who is standing up fails to collect cleanly;
10.4;1;Mooney to Warner, 1 run really nicely played once more. Bowled from very wide of the crease towards off stump, Warner plays it very straight to long-off;
10.3;1;Mooney to Burns, 1 run worked off his pads into the leg side for another easy single;
10.2;?;Mooney to Burns, no run full on off stump. Burns pushes to mid-off with nice timing;
10.1;1;Mooney to Warner, 1 run easily pushed to long-off. A bit full outside off, Warner calmly leans into the drive to send it down the ground;
9.6;?;Thompson to Burns, no run too full on off, Burns drills the drive to mid-off;
9.5;?;Thompson to Burns, no run nicely timed again. Fullish outside off, Burns creams the drive but straight to cover. What a shot that was too.;
9.4;1;Thompson to Warner, 1 run nicely played. Full again but just outside off, Warner pushes to mid-off with soft hands and with the fielder on the circle, there is an easy single on offer;
9.3;4;Thompson to Warner, FOUR runs four more! Poor bowling this. Full again and, much wider, Warner is very happy with these as he slashes the cover drive through point this time. Finding the gap without any trouble;
9.2;4;Thompson to Warner, FOUR runs oh that is just beautiful to watch. Full outside off. slightly overpitched. Warner bends one knee and crashes the cover drive through cover;
9.1;1;Thompson to Burns, 1 run very full and for the first time, some swing. Lost of away movement. Burns looks to loft over cover but the ball skews off the outer half as a result of the swing.;
8.6;?;Mooney to Warner, no run wild hoick this time from Warner, goes past Warner's edge. Very full outside off and Warner wants to heave the ball over midwicket but misses altogether;
8.5;1;Mooney to Burns, 1 run short and wide this time, very inconsistent lines and lengths these from the bowlers. Burns sweetly times the cut to third man;
8.4;1;Mooney to Warner, 1 run good length but a bit too straight, Warner lets the ball come to him before nudging off his pads towards midwicket for one;
8.3;?;Mooney to Warner, no run drags his length back nicely this time. Length ball on middle and off, bowled from wider of the crease. Defended to cover;
8.2;?;Mooney to Warner, no run very full again on off, Warner decides to block this one back to the bowler;
8.1;1;Mooney to Burns, 1 run poor line that time, gets away with it tough. Very full on middle and leg, Burns works it off the front foot towards the right of mid-on;
7.6;6;Murtagh to Warner, SIX runs an even better shot. These guys are putting on a show. Very full on off and Warner lofts the length easily over mid-on. Didn't hit that too hard either. Just timed it and goes all the way;
7.5;4;Murtagh to Warner, FOUR runs smashed this time. Very dangerous length that to Warner. Short on middle, doesn't get up enough and Warner is quick to short arm-jab it over square leg in the air;
7.4;1;Murtagh to Burns, 1 run a touch wider this time, nicely played too. Pitched on a short length and moves away, Burns plays late towards cover and sets off for a quick single;
7.3;?;Murtagh to Burns, no run much fuller on off and middle, this is a better length. Burns pushes off the front foot back to the bowler;
7.2;4;Murtagh to Burns, FOUR runs oh shot. Just times the ball over mid-off. Doesn't bother keeping it down. Full again on off, Burns puts one foot forward and punches the ball over mid-off for four more.;
7.1;?;Murtagh to Burns, no run good length once again outside off, Burns walks across his stumps and turns the ball to square leg off the front foot;
6.6;2;Mooney to Warner, 2 runs overpitched this time outside off, Warner nicely plays it in the gap through covers. Nicely waited on to find the gap;
6.5;1;Mooney to Burns, 1 run solidly played to mid-off for one. Full again on off stump which is met by a good confident drive;
6.4;?;Mooney to Burns, no run nicely bowled. Delivered from wide of the crease. Pitches on a good length inducing an exuberant drive from Burns but the ball moves away a touch helping the ball move past the outside edge;
6.3;?;Mooney to Burns, no run drags his length back now but slightly wide outside off, Burns gets on the back foot early and punches to cover;
6.2;2;Mooney to Burns, 2 runs beautifully placed bu Burns. Fuller length again outside off, Burns opens the face of the bat to guide the ball in the gap between point and cover;
6.1;?;Mooney to Burns, no run full length outside off to begin, not a bad line at all. Burns stays on the front foot and pushes to cover;
5.6;?;Murtagh to Warner, no run beaten outside off, a bit of away movement this time taking the ball past Warner's edge who prods on the front foot;
5.5;?;Murtagh to Warner, no run good length but more towards off stump cramping Warner for room. Warner presents the full face of the bat to defend;
5.4;?;Murtagh to Warner, no run better length this time outside off, Warner stays on the back foot and slaps the ball into the cover region;
5.3;2;Murtagh to Warner, 2 runs too straight again, Warner will pick those off all day. Good length on middle and leg, Warner just stays in his crease and deflects the ball through square leg;
5.2;?;Murtagh to Warner, no run much fuller this time on off stump, Warner gets on the front foot and pushes to cover. A bit of out swing there;
5.1;1;Murtagh to Burns, 1 run short of a length on middle, Burns shuffles across a touch to work the ball down to fine leg.;
4.6;?;Young to Warner, no run slightly fuller this time on middle, no room for Warner and he is content to defend off the front foot;
4.5;4;Young to Warner, FOUR runs and another boundary in the over. Particularly poor length to Warner. Short on off stump, doesn't get high enough and Warner pulls effectively through square leg;
4.4;1;Young to Burns, 1 run just the one this time, full length outside off, Burns opens the bat face to get it to third man;
4.3;4;Young to Burns, FOUR runs make that three in three. The bowler errs on length this time, drops it short outside off, Burns picks the length very quickly again, stays on the back foot and pulls over midwicket for the third consecutive boundary. Great batting;
4.2;4;Young to Burns, FOUR runs even better this time. Fuller length again outside off, Burns is well set now and he leans on the ball to drive beautifully through cover for another boundary;
4.1;4;Young to Burns, FOUR runs shot Burns. Slight bit of width outside off, Burns gets on the front foot, bends one knee and square-drives delectably through point for four;
3.6;1;Murtagh to Burns, 1 run much fuller again outside off, Burns looks to defend but the ball nips back in a touch taking the inside edge towards fine leg;
3.5;1;Murtagh to Warner, 1 run outside edge again. Full on off stump, Warner plays slightly inside the line of the ball which takes the outside edge and goes to third man along the ground;
3.4;?;Murtagh to Warner, no run full length again on off stump which is met by the straight face of Warner's bat;
3.3;2;Murtagh to Warner, 2 runs just a tad shorter this time on middle, Warner stays on the back foot and closes the bat face to get it behind sqaure. Played it with discernibly soft hands allowing them to get two;
3.2;?;Murtagh to Warner, no run fullish again but straighter. more towards middle and leg. Warner pushes with the slight angle to mid-on;
3.1;?;Murtagh to Warner, no run fuller length once more at that lovely corridor. Warner stays on the front foot and defends under his eyes;
2.6;?;Young to Burns, no run fuller outside off once more. No room for Burns and therefore he is happy to push to cover;
2.5;3;Young to Warner, 3 runs excellent shot. Full on a fourth-stump line, Warner gets a good stride forward and pushes it past mid-off down the ground. Played that nicely under his eyes. Beautiful stroke. The fielder does well to keep it in;
2.4;1;Young to Burns, 1 run lots of width this time, short and wide and Burns gets on top of the bounce to steer the ball all along the ground to third man;
2.3;6;Young to Burns, SIX runs short and punished. Just a tad short and Burns latches on the length very quickly. Pitched on off and middle, and Burns stays on the back foot and swivel-pulls off the front foot over square leg for six. Some shot that;
2.2;?;Young to Burns, no run much fuller once more bringing Burns on the front foot. In swing once more but this time Burns gets behind it and defends to cover;
2.1;?;Young to Burns, no run shorter than a good length outside off, coming in to the right-hander. A bit of nip available for the seamers. Burns skews it off the inner half of the bat to square leg;
1.6;?;Murtagh to Warner, no run fullish length on a fourth-stump line, Warner gets a good stride forward and blocks;
1.5;1;Murtagh to Burns, 1 run very full again, bringing Burns forward. The ball nips back in a tad and takes the inside edge once more as it goes down to fine leg for one;
1.4;1;Murtagh to Warner, 1 run slightly leg side-ish this time, fullish length on Warner's pads who clips off his feet to the midwicket region;
1.3;?;Murtagh to Warner, no run gets his bat behind the line of the delivery and solidly defends the length delivery on middle;
1.2;4;Murtagh to Warner, FOUR runs edged and four. Streaky boundary for Australia. Good length just outside off, Warner looks to play it back but the ball kisses the outside edge and it flies down to the third man boundary through fourth slip;
1.1;?;Murtagh to Warner, no run loose ball to begin, short and wide outside off. Warner is attempting a fierce cut but misses entirely;
0.6;4;Young to Burns, FOUR runs first boundary of Burns' ODI career. Short and wide outside off and he doesn't need a second invitation to pounce on that, Burns helps it over the head of second slip. Nicely played, didn't bother keeping it down;
0.5;1;Young to Warner, 1 run short bouncer this time, doesn't get high enough. Warner stays on the back foot and helps the ball down to fine leg with a swivel pull;
0.4;?;Young to Warner, no run beaten this time, maybe just a touch of away movement to the left-hander. Pitched on a good length on middle, moving away. Warner fishes at it and is beaten;
0.3;?;Young to Warner, no run slightly shortish this time, not very pacey. Not much pace in this pitch either. Warner stays on the back foot and waits for the ball to come to him before solidly blocking;
0.2;1;Young to Burns, 1 run Burns is off the mark. Fullish length on off this time, comes in with the angle, Burns looks to defend but a thick inside edge helps take the ball down to fine leg for one;
0.2;1w;Young to Burns, 1 wide drifts down the leg side this time, not much movement once more. Wide called. Aus are underway;
0.1;?;Young to Burns, no run appeal first up to Burns. No swing at all. Good length delivery pitched on middle and going down leg with the angle;

12.30pm Thanks Deiva M. Players striding out. David Warner and debutant Joe Burns will open the batting. Burns will take the bowling. Craig Young will take the new ball, at least one of them. A couple of slips in place. Here we go..
12:05pm: The sun is out and Australia win the toss and choose to bat. Dockrell, Sorensen and Kevin O'Brien, who is nursing a hamstring injury, are out. Agar, Stoinis and Pattinson miss out for Australia.
Nikhil Kalro is strapped up and ready to ride the rollercoaster. He will take you home..
Smith: The wicket looks pretty good and we want to have a bit. It has been a tough summer for us but the boys are ready to go.
Porterfield: With a bit of rain around, we aren't too disappointed to bowl. We like days like these to come often. Having the World champions here and we are looking forward to it.
A little bit of live grass. It is surprisingly hard, says the pitch report.
11:45am Ger has some positive news for us. Play is likely to start at 12:30pm, provided there is no further rain. Toss at 12:05pm.
Tarun: "Any reduction in the number of overs?" -- The game has been reduced to 47 overs per side.
And the hosts will be without allrounder, Alex Cusack, who had retired a couple of weeks ago.

Joe Burns receiving his ODI cap, No.207 for Australia #IREvAUS pic.twitter.com/zYZ4RCwREi ? cricket.com.au (@CricketAus) August 27, 2015


11:30am Another update from Ger Siggins: The Australian bus just arrived here. So hopes on the rise of some play in a bit.
Vishesh: "India and Australia both have 206 ODI players till date."
Meanwhile, Cricket Ireland CEO Warren Deutrom says focus is to 'play 15-20 ODIs a year'.
11:00am: 'The outfield is still damp and the umpires will inspect again at 11:45am', says Ger Siggins.
sai: "Joe burns to debut? Isn't he having a good time."
sai: "No.1 team vs No. 10 team. No contest on paper." --- Hmm, but cricket isn't played on paper.
Joe Burns impressed in the A-team tournament in Chennai and is set to become Australia's 207th ODI player. Joe Burns, the stable and sensible..
Ajay: "Can anyone tell me about the weather please...And how long it'll take to get start"
10:30am: The covers are being peeled off. An inspection will take place in about 20 minutes..
10:15am: The toss has been delayed due to wet outfield.
Prasad: "We are waiting for Maxwell's storm....."
AK: "Smith as Captain: 4 matches for 4 wins and 657 runs at 109.50, 4 centuries - should be a good era!" --- Still early days
Arjun Sanyal: "Great - No result in the ODI against England in May and now a wet outfield against Australia. The weather is quite a culprit in Ireland." The rain has stopped and the supersopper is being kept busy..
bikram : "Is it raining over there ?" -- It had rained early in the morning. It is clearing off now.
Arun: "So now Australia Cricket starts a new era under a new captain Smith and vice-captain Warner. Can Smith do well like his predecessors - Taylor, Waugh, Ponting, Clarke?"
nitin: "Australia's first ODI since the World Cup" --- Righto
Viki: "Can you rise and pull off another upset, Ireland ?"
10am: Australia smashed some custard pie on the English faces in the final Ashes Test at The Oval. So, long Pup. So long, Buck. And Sanga bid adieu at the other oval - P Sara. Welcome ODIs. Hello, Joe Burns, Marcus Stonis, Ashton Agar. Call it a new-look side/rebuilding phase. Australia, however, are the top-ranked ODI team. They are the World Cup winners.
Ireland, ranked 10th, sealed their spot in the 2016 WT20 but were put out of the WT20 Qualifier final for the first time in the tournament's history. Good morning and thanks for tuning into ESPNcricinfo's ball-by-ball coverage of the only ODI between Ireland and Australia.
 Innings Start
7.45pm So, Ireland fought hard but Australia were a bit too strong for them today. They were in the game for large parts of that chase but was a hard task with the depth in Australia's bowling line up. Joyce and O'Brien played really well in the middle but the rest of the batsmen struggled to do much. Australia were not at their best but they found a way to get past the tough competition from Ireland with a 23-run win. which was rather convincing in the end
David Warner is the Man of the Match. "Helps when the white ball isn't swinging as much as the red ball. We were a bit rusty today but we got through in the end."
Porterfield: "We fought back after the first 8 overs, and took wickets to claw ourselves back which was the best fightback of the day. Especially after losing two wickets, we fought back well but lots of pleasing things to take away from this game."
Steven Smith: "Conditions were quite weird today with the weather but I thought Warner and Burns set us up nicely. We kept taking wickets in the middle which helped us get through."
23.4;W;Coulter-Nile to Young, OUT full and straight and that will be the game to Australia. Young misses the hoick and the leg stump is taken off. Great delivery. But the task was a bit too hard for the tail-enders.;Craig Young b Coulter-Nile 0 (2m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
23.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Young, no run short bouncer outside off, no connection however;
23.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Young, no run full ball on off stump, driven to cover;
23.1;W;Coulter-Nile to McBrine, OUT short ball on leg, McBrine connects with his pull extremely well but the ball goes high in the air straight down Cummins' throat at deep square leg. Good effort that from the batsman. Just didn't get enough of it;Andy McBrine c Cummins b Coulter-Nile 7 (14m 9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 77.77;
22.6;?;Starc to Murtagh, no run full yorker, gets it right finally. Beats the outside edge;
22.5;2;Starc to Murtagh, 2 runs very high full toss on leg, not called a no ball again. Looked very high, should have been called. The batsman gets it down to third man though for two;
22.4;W;Starc to Thompson, OUT and Starc gets the wicket now with a good delivery. Changes the length this time, pitches on a good length and Thompson heaves at the ball but can only get a thick outside edge. Easily taken by Wade;Stuart Thompson c ?Wade b Starc 24 (23m 16b 0x4 2x6) SR: 150;
22.3;2;Starc to Thompson, 2 runs another high full toss on middle, not called a no ball this time. Smashed off the front foot past cover but Smith does really well to keep it in the field of play;
22.3;2nb;Starc to McBrine, (no ball) 1 run no ball this time, but what was that for? Slightly high full toss outside off, which is helped on its way to third man. May have been a height no ball;
22.2;1;Starc to Thompson, 1 run full yorker again, with some tail. Very tough to hit, definitely one of the best death bowlers in the game at the moment. The ball is smeared to long-on;
22.1;1;Starc to McBrine, 1 run full yorker outside off, just some bat on it gets McBrine for one;
21.6;1lb;Cummins to McBrine, 1 leg bye short again on middle, McBrine looks to heave again but the ball beats the angled bat and strikes McBrine on the body before rolling to third man;
21.6;1w;Cummins to McBrine, 1 wide quick bouncer again but the ball is drifting down leg. McBrine struggles to make contact but it is called a wide;
21.5;2;Cummins to McBrine, 2 runs nicely played. Doesn't get all of it but the youngster picked his shot well. Lofts the length delivery over midwicket for two.;
21.4;?;Cummins to McBrine, no run very fast bouncer this time. McBrine gives himself room but sways out of the line again;
21.3;1b;Cummins to Thompson, 1 bye very fast offcutter there, may have been the slower bouncer. Thompson sways out of the line and the ball moves a a lot after passing the batsman, Wade does well to stop it from beating him;
21.2;1;Cummins to McBrine, 1 run good batting, giving the strike to Thompson. Good length on off, AM opens the face to dab to third man;
21.1;1;Cummins to Thompson, 1 run good length on middle, Thompson stays in his crease and looks to heave anywhere but the ball goes off straight to cover. Another single.;
20.6;1;Starc to Thompson, 1 run good length on off, heaved off the front foot to midwicket. Just the one to finish an excellent over.;
20.5;?;Starc to Thompson, no run very full yorker outside off, some reverse on offer. Beats the flaying bat;
20.4;1;Starc to McBrine, 1 run quick yorker on middle and leg, with some tail as is customary with Starc. There is an appeal as the batsman misses the ball, given runs though by the umpire;
20.3;1;Starc to Thompson, 1 run looking for the yorker is Starc, ends up as a low full toss instead. Squeezed down to long-on off the front foot;
20.2;1;Starc to McBrine, 1 run fullish on off, inside edge takes the ball down to fine leg;
20.1;1;Starc to Thompson, 1 run full and quick on off stump, smeared off the front foot to the sweeper;
19.6;W;Cummins to Mooney, OUT needless wicket that. Mooney gently taps the length ball into the off side and sets off for a run, Thompson sends him back way too late and Bailey at cover runs in and takes the bails off with Mooney having given up. Wow, this game has turned;John Mooney run out (Bailey) 0 (1m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
19.5;?;Cummins to Mooney, no run very full and fast outside off, fourth-stump line. Mooney is beaten for pace. Very pacey this. Good bowling for Cummins, genuinely troubling these batsmen;
19.4;W;Cummins to Wilson, OUT what a ball that was. Wilson cannot do anything about that. Very short, and very quick aimed right at the batsman' throat. Wilson looks to evade the bouncer but the ball kisses the glove and lobs up, Wade completes the catch.;Gary Wilson c ?Wade b Cummins 1 (14m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
19.3;?;Cummins to Wilson, no run short on middle, Wilson gives himself room to use the pace of the ball and guide over third man but fails to connect;
19.2;1;Cummins to Thompson, 1 run fast and short on middle, Thompson smashes it down the ground but doesn't get all of it. in fact, his bat has been broken. He isn't that fast, is he? Got that off the higher half of the bat which is the weakest part . Just one run though;
19.1;1;Cummins to Wilson, 1 run quick and short on leg stump, Wilson somehow gets some glove on that to get it into the leg side for one. Clever batting from Wilson, keeping himself in;
18.6;6;Maxwell to Thompson, SIX runs another six. Flight on leg, Thompson comes forward and lofts the ball with lost of elegance wide of long-on for the second six of the over. Excellent shot;
18.5;2;Maxwell to Thompson, 2 runs carved again wide of point. Cummins runs around and makes an excellent diving stop to prevent it from going for four. Good batting by Thompson;
18.4;?;Maxwell to Thompson, no run goes for another heave, but the ball skids on with the arm and beats him down leg stump;
18.3;6;Maxwell to Thompson, SIX runs he has got a hold of that, alright. Full and flighjed, Thompson makes room and smashes the length delivery over long-on. Good connection;
18.2;2;Maxwell to Thompson, 2 runs flatter on middle, Thompson makes room and carves the ball wide of the sweeper for two. Good running;
18.1;?;Maxwell to Thompson, no run flight down leg, Thompson looks to reverse sweep but misses. Not called wide because of the choice of shot;
17.6;4b;Cummins to Wilson, 4 byes another quick bouncer aimed at the helmet. The ball takes off and bursts through Wade's gloves. Four extra runs for Ireland.;
17.5;W;Cummins to Balbirnie, OUT excellent catch now. Short ball on middle again, Balbirnie looks to pull and gets a thick leading edge which flies down to fine leg. NCN on the boundary settles under the swirler and takes a really good, pressure catch.;Andy Balbirnie c Coulter-Nile b Cummins 12 (14m 12b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
17.4;?;Cummins to Balbirnie, no run another good, quick short bouncer going past the batsman. Excellent short bowling;
17.3;?;Cummins to Balbirnie, no run good quick bouncer outside off, no bat on that either;
17.2;2;Cummins to Balbirnie, 2 runs shortish length on off, guided down to third man;
17.1;?;Cummins to Balbirnie, no run low full toss on middle, drilled back to the bowler;
16.6;1b;Maxwell to Balbirnie, 1 bye flatter this time outside off, betas the outside edge and Wade also fails to collect cleanly;
16.5;2;Maxwell to Balbirnie, 2 runs nicely played again, gave himself room to drive over cover. Lot of flight around off allowing the batsman to get under the ball;
16.4;4;Maxwell to Balbirnie, FOUR runs short and wide spinning into the batsman, Balbirnie makes room and cuts nicely into the gap behind point for four.;
16.3;W;Maxwell to N O'Brien, OUT and NOb goes! Not a great shot with the long-on fielder in place and against the turn. Flight on off and NOB can't help himself from dancing down the track and skewing the shot straight down long-on's throat.;Niall O'Brien c Burns b Maxwell 45 (62m 53b 5x4 0x6) SR: 84.9;
16.2;4;Maxwell to N O'Brien, FOUR runs another great shot after picking the ball, flighted on off, NOB runs down the track and connects with the muscled drive over mid-on;
16.1;1;Maxwell to Balbirnie, 1 run full and flat on middle, drilled to long-on;
15.6;1;Watson to Balbirnie, 1 run good length on leg, flicked nicely off his pads to fine leg for just the one;
15.5;1;Watson to N O'Brien, 1 run shortish outside off, NOB steers the ball towards point who makes a half-stop;
15.4;2;Watson to N O'Brien, 2 runs full and wide outside off, NOB gets the ball down to point. Just the two though;
15.3;?;Watson to N O'Brien, no run good short bumper by Watson. Not very high, not very low - head height outside off. NOB looks to pull but no contact;
15.2;?;Watson to N O'Brien, no run fullish on off stump, NOB runs down the track and looks to flick behind square but he is truck on the pads. Another dot ball;
15.1;?;Watson to N O'Brien, no run good length very wide, but just inside that wide line. Not called by the umpire, that looked like a wide but only because of the wide angle;
14.6;1;Maxwell to N O'Brien, 1 run flighted on off, NOB comes down the track and belts the ball over Maxwell's head. The fielder at long-on runs around and keeps the pair to one;
14.5;1;Maxwell to Balbirnie, 1 run flight on middle once more and the batsman pushes to long-on once more;
14.4;1;Maxwell to N O'Brien, 1 run fired in on leg. NOB woks off his pads to midwicket;
14.3;1;Maxwell to Balbirnie, 1 run full and flighted on middle, driven with the spin to long-on;
14.2;W;Maxwell to Joyce, OUT gone this time. Joyce plays another ugly hoick but it was a really good innings. Joyce comes down the track to smash the length delivery over long-off, doesn't get to the pitch though and the ball sneaks through to knock back off stump;Ed Joyce b Maxwell 44 (59m 33b 2x4 1x6) SR: 133.33;
14.1;2;Maxwell to Joyce, 2 runs some spin there, pitched fullish on leg stump spinning away. Joyce gets a thick outside edge which races down to the third man boundary, the third man fielder hauls it in;
13.6;?;Watson to N O'Brien, no run important dot ball for AUS, full again outside off - fourth-stump line, NOB pushes to point off the front foot;
13.5;?;Watson to N O'Brien, no run Joyce is happy to rotate the strike, lets the ball come to him before dabbing to third man;
13.4;1;Watson to Joyce, 1 run fullish delivery on off, NOB plays it with soft hands to point;
13.3;1;Watson to N O'Brien, 1 run that will be five runs. The ball strikes the helmet. Fullish delivery outside off, NOB gets a thick inside edge which flies on the bounce to the keeper. Wade gets some glove on it but deflects the ball onto the helmet. Oh Wadey, just let it go for four.;
13.2;1;Watson to Joyce, 1 run wide yorker attempted again. Joyce goes after this however and smears the ball to the sweeper;
13.2;1w;Watson to Joyce, 1 wide very wide outside off, aiming for the wide yorker. Called wide;
13.1;4;Watson to Joyce, FOUR runs Joyce just gets it over mid-on. Short outside off, but Joyce already picks his shot and the gap. He flat-bats the pull easily over mid-on. Four more;
12.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Joyce, 1 run good length on off, Joyce opens the face to get it down to third man;
12.5;4;Coulter-Nile to Joyce, FOUR runs fullish length on middle, Joyce gives himself room and smashes the on-drive past mid-on for four. A diving fielder can't cut it in either;
12.5;1w;Coulter-Nile to Joyce, 1 wide strays down leg this time for an extra;
12.4;1;Coulter-Nile to N O'Brien, 1 run great fielding on the boundary by Burns. Takes a good catch and throws it back in as he was going over the rope. Could not have taken the catch on his own but does very well. Fullish length on middle which is helped on its way towards square leg where Burns is lurking.;
12.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Joyce, 1 run full length on off, Joyce plays it by his feet towards the keeper for one. They run through, Wade hits the stumps direct at the non-strikers end;
12.2;1;Coulter-Nile to N O'Brien, 1 run short on middle and leg, cramps NOB for room as he tries to hoick over midwicket. Just bunts off the front foot into the leg side;
12.1;?;Coulter-Nile to N O'Brien, no run full yorker on middle, NOB heaves the ball down to mid-on along the ground;
11.6;1;Marsh to N O'Brien, 1 run slow offcutter on leg, NOB whips off his hip towards fine leg for the single;
11.5;1;Marsh to Joyce, 1 run very full on off stump, maybe overpitched. Joyce times it extremely poorly down the ground for just one towards long-off;
11.4;1;Marsh to N O'Brien, 1 run fullish on middle and off, smeared away into the leg side with a heave;
11.3;4;Marsh to N O'Brien, FOUR runs well executed pull.Short outside off, NOB drags it from outside off and gets the ball behind square. Cummins at deep square leg runs around and makes a diving effort but cannot cut that in;
11.2;1;Marsh to Joyce, 1 run nicely played off his stumps. Fullish length on off, Joyce opens the face of the bat and plays a very late cut to third man;
11.1;1;Marsh to N O'Brien, 1 run slower offcutter outside off, O'Brien flays the cut through point;
10.6;1;Maxwell to N O'Brien, 1 run tossed up on middle, clipped off his pads to deep midwicket;
10.5;1;Maxwell to Joyce, 1 run short and wide once more, the cut is fiercely played to the sweeper;
10.4;1;Maxwell to N O'Brien, 1 run flat on middle, NOB plays a fine paddle sweep towards fine leg;
10.3;2;Maxwell to N O'Brien, 2 runs flighted outside off, NOB skips down the track and skies the ball high on the air over mid-on. Watson runs back and tries his best but cannot get under that;
10.2;1;Maxwell to Joyce, 1 run flight on middle, Joyce comes down and plays an ugly swipe. Manages to get an inside edge which rolls towards the bowler. maxwell picks it up quickly and fires a quick throw back to the keeper;
10.1;2;Maxwell to Joyce, 2 runs short and wide to begin, Joyce stays back and cuts past point for a comfortable brace;
9.6;?;Marsh to N O'Brien, no run advances once more. Marsh digs the ball in halfway down, NOB tries to pull but the ball is well over him. Good improvisation by the bowler, seeing the dancing batsman;
9.5;?;Marsh to N O'Brien, no run slower offcutter once more, O'Brien looks to force through the of but a thick outside edge carries to gully on the bounce;
9.4;?;Marsh to N O'Brien, no run full toss on middle, NOB is very surprised by that. Definitely a legal delivery. Somehow the batsman manages to bunt it back to the bowler;
9.3;4;Marsh to N O'Brien, FOUR runs comes down the track and smashes the length delivery over cover. Gives himself a touch of room to open up the off side and does that nicely. Well executed stroke;
9.2;?;Marsh to N O'Brien, no run slower offcutter outside off, good change in pace. NOB waits for the ball and guides to point;
9.1;?;Marsh to N O'Brien, no run short on leg stump, O'Brien walks well across off stump but the ball goes over leg stump. Good decision by the umpire not to call that a wide;
8.6;1;Cummins to N O'Brien, 1 run fullish on leg stump which NOB nicely whips off his pads to midwicket;
8.5;?;Cummins to N O'Brien, no run oh, that is hit him, wow. That took off from a good length. Pitched shorter than a good length and O'Brien looks to play into the off side but the ball keeps climbing onto him and smashes him on the grill of the helmet. The Australia players enquire whether he is ok and he is.;
8.4;1;Cummins to Joyce, 1 run what a shot once more. Amazing to watch, short and slightly wide of off stump, cut away with an angled bat to the sweper;
8.3;2;Cummins to Joyce, 2 runs flat-batted over cover. More of a smear there. Short on middle, Joyce looks to hit it down the ground but the ball hurries onto him as he tries to pull but he gets enough of it to take it over cover;
8.2;1;Cummins to N O'Brien, 1 run a bit shortish again on middle and leg, worked off his hips into the vacant midwicket region;
8.1;1;Cummins to Joyce, 1 run fullish outside off, driven off the front foot to the sweeper cover;
7.6;1;Marsh to Joyce, 1 run back of a length around off stump, worked with the wrists to third man. Played it late;
7.5;2;Marsh to Joyce, 2 runs short and wide, Joyce doesn't miss out though. Plays it really nicely off the front foot in the air past cover, with a nice cut shot. Good placement too;
7.4;1;Marsh to N O'Brien, 1 run short and wide outside off, missed chance for O'Brien. He gets a bit of a top edge on his cut and the ball goes through gully down to third man;
7.3;1;Marsh to Joyce, 1 run fullish outside off, Joyce deliberately opens the face of the bat and plays it late to get the ball to third man. Nice batting this;
7.2;2;Marsh to Joyce, 2 runs may have been a slower delivery outside off, Joyce is late to bring bat down on it but gets some part of the inside edge as the ball evades leg stump and goes to fine leg;
7.1;6;Marsh to Joyce, SIX runs oh goodness, what a shot. Full outside off, Joyce clears one foot and smashes it down the ground over the bowler's head. Amazing shot that was. Great stuff from EJ.;
6.6;1;Cummins to Joyce, 1 run back of a length outside off, ample time for Joyce to open the face of the bat and dab to third man;
6.5;1;Cummins to N O'Brien, 1 run shortish on middle and leg, O'Brien waits for the ball to come to him before tickling down to fine leg;
6.4;?;Cummins to N O'Brien, no run slightly fuller than a good length on off stump. Good lines. O'Brien defends to mid-off;
6.3;?;Cummins to N O'Brien, no run short on off, NOB defends into the off side off the back foot;
6.2;1;Cummins to Joyce, 1 run short on off stump, Joyce gets the ball down to third man off the front foot;
6.1;1;Cummins to N O'Brien, 1 run good length on middle stump. NOB is hopping again but nicely turns the ball off his pads to fine leg;
5.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Joyce, no run fullish and wide again, Joyce is happy to let it go with this rain falling.;
5.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Joyce, no run full and wide, Joyce lets the ball go;
5.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Joyce, no run fullish outside off, driven to mid-off with not much feet movement;
5.3;1;Coulter-Nile to N O'Brien, 1 run short and wide from NCN. O'Brien likes the width and flays at the ball with a thick outside edge, gets it down to third man uppishly and on the bounce;
5.2;?;Coulter-Nile to N O'Brien, no run full again but a bit leg side-ish. NOB was not anticipating that line and therefore just bunts the ball into the leg side;
5.1;?;Coulter-Nile to N O'Brien, no run in swing to the left-hander from NCN. A bit full outside off coming back in, NOB gets a thick inside edge onto his pads;
4.6;2;Starc to Joyce, 2 runs low full toss this time, Joyce stays back and just times the on drive past the non-striker. Didn't look to hit that too hard which is always key;
4.5;1;Starc to N O'Brien, 1 run a bit shortish this time, O'Brien guides it to third man with the open bat face;
4.4;?;Starc to N O'Brien, no run full yorker outside off this time. NOB gets an under edge on it which goes to Smith at second slip;
4.3;4;Starc to N O'Brien, FOUR runs oh man, even better. I can't decide which shot is better. Full and wide again, NOB stays on the back foot, and leans into the drive to get it through cover. Amazing timing;
4.2;?;Starc to N O'Brien, no run full and wide, delectably hit to cover with a lot of confidence. Superb shot for none;
4.1;4;Starc to N O'Brien, FOUR runs full yorker on middle again, very quick but just a little bit predictable now. Comes in with the angle and NOB nicely deflects the ball past square leg.;
3.6;1;Coulter-Nile to N O'Brien, 1 run shortish length outside off this time, NOB gets on top of the bounce and guides this to third man;
3.5;?;Coulter-Nile to N O'Brien, no run better appeal but not given again. That was definitely not high, enough doubt regarding where the ball pitched though. Maybe just outside the leg stumpas the ball raps NOB on the pads. Very close call;
3.4;?;Coulter-Nile to N O'Brien, no run shortish length outside off, pushed with no timing into the circle in the off side;
3.3;?;Coulter-Nile to N O'Brien, no run massive appeal, turned down though. A lot of doubt there. May have pitched outside leg, comes back in and strikes NOB high on the pad as he is jumping. May have gone over the stumps;
3.2;?;Coulter-Nile to N O'Brien, no run good length outside off which takes off from that length. Definitely a by-product of the pace. NOB shoulders arms;
3.1;?;Coulter-Nile to N O'Brien, no run yorker from NCN this time on off stump. O'Brien plays it nicely though. Pushes at the ball and digs it out to cover;
2.6;2;Starc to Joyce, 2 runs decent stroke. A bit short and wide, Joyce likes the width as he lofts the ball over cover with a decently timed cut. They get through for two.;
2.5;?;Starc to Joyce, no run yorker on middle with some in swing. Joyce walks across and flicks uppishly towards square leg. Don't miss that Ed.;
2.4;?;Starc to Joyce, no run very full and wide, some out swing now. Hmm, interesting time for these Ireland batsmen. Joyce leaves confidently;
2.3;?;Starc to Joyce, no run slightly fuller than a good length on off stump, Joyce gets behind the line and blocks;
2.2;1;Starc to N O'Brien, 1 run almost gets through once again. Wow. Some serious pace here. Very full and straight, definitely some in swing. NOB just about gets bat on it but not a lot of the bat, a thick inside edge takes it down to fine leg;
2.1;?;Starc to N O'Brien, no run very full again just outside off, maybe just a hint of tail. NOB is happy to let it go;
1.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Joyce, no run beaten for pace again. Short length on leg stump, has Joyce jumping and hopping. He is struck high on the leg;
1.5;1;Coulter-Nile to N O'Brien, 1 run well bowled again, pitching on a good length outside off, NOB opens the face of the bat to get it to third man. Unconvincingly played;
1.5;1w;Coulter-Nile to N O'Brien, 1 wide ooh, quick bouncer. Well directed at NOB's badge. He ducks under it very late and very awkwardly, called wide though;
1.4;W;Coulter-Nile to Stirling, OUT gone this time. Flashes outside off again but pays the ultimate price. Swing from a good length outside off, Stirling looks to drive on the up with no feet movement but the out swing to the right-hander helps in taking the outside edge and a good catch by Wade;Paul Stirling c ?Wade b Coulter-Nile 0 (8m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
1.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Stirling, no run brings it much straighter this time, good length but drifting on leg stump. Stirling is beaten for pace as he tries to flick, the ball hits im on the thigh pad;
1.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Stirling, no run a bit fuller this time but outside off again, Stirling stays in his crease and pushes to mid-off with minimal feel movement;
1.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Stirling, no run swing and beaten. Flashed outside the off stump by Stirling. A bit wide on a good length swinging away. Stirling drives but doesn't connect;
0.6;2;Starc to Joyce, 2 runs oh nice start from Joyce. Staying low, preparing for that yorker. Starc delivers is full and a bit wide of off, Joyce lets the ball come to him before deflecting the ball nicely with a drive through point. Nicely played, good technique;
0.5;W;Starc to Porterfield, OUT one good ball is all you need though. Starc gets one absolutely right. Very full on middle and leg, one of Starc's trademark yorkers. Sneaks past Porterfield's bat, takes a bit of his pad and takes the stumps more importantly. Unplayable delivery, came back in late to WP who had no chance against a delivery as good as that;William Porterfield b Starc 4 (3m 5b 1x4 0x6) SR: 80;
0.4;?;Starc to Porterfield, no run corrects the length now. Good length, but a bit too leg sid-ish. Porterfield pushes the ball to mid-on;
0.3;?;Starc to Porterfield, no run corrects his line now. But the length is a tad too full. Slightly wide of off and the batsman drives to mid-off off the front foot;
0.3;1w;Starc to Porterfield, 1 wide strays in line this time. Starc is looking for some swing but there is absolutely none. Goes down leg and wide called;
0.2;?;Starc to Porterfield, no run fullish again, no swing here either. Porterfield stays in his crease and pushes to mid-on with the angle created by Starc;
0.1;4;Starc to Porterfield, FOUR runs what a shot first ball, full and straight on leg stump. No swing whatsoever. WP just times his flick wide of square leg and it flies away to the boundary;

5.38pm Paul Stirling and William Porterfield will open for Ireland. A reminder that two bowlers can bowl a maximum of six overs, and three bowlers can bowl five. Mitchell Starc will open the bowling. Two slips in place. Let's resume.
 Innings Start
Australia
Ireland
Only ODI, Belfast, Aug 27 2015, Australia tour of England and Ireland
222/6
157
Player of the match is David Warner, AUS
Australia won by 23 runs (D/L method)
