Data
11.35 am Solomon Mire was the only man who had any measure of the Australian attack. It's not that they were unplayable but the extra pace that Billy Stanlake is capable of definitely did rattle the top order. He created the pressure, which allowed the change bowlers just enough leeway to get into the game. Zimbabwe couldn't find the boundary for nearly 40 balls in the middle of the innings, but then came a spurt of them, from Mire and Waller, that has taken the score to 151. It's probably a little lower than par, but if the bowlers can rally - they have a legspinner (Mavuta) in their ranks and that type of bowling seems to be especially useful to have right now. Join us in about 10 minutes for the resumption
Tarun: "50 wickets in 2018 T20's not T20I's for Tye" --- Sorry bout that, it's been fixed now
19.6;W;Wildermuth to Masakadza, OUT walks across outside off, trying to smash the ball over the top, perhaps a lot straighter than mid-off. But that's where it goes and Marcus Stoinis, running back, takes it over his shoulder. Fine effort to give the debutant a first ODI wicket;Wellington Masakadza c Stoinis b Wildermuth 3 (3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
19.5;1;Wildermuth to Mavuta, 1 run full and outside off, slaps it to mid-off;
19.4;1;Wildermuth to Masakadza, 1 run slower delivery, well wide outside off, Masakadza skews it to deep point;
19.3;2;Wildermuth to Masakadza, 2 runs shortish and on off stump, pulls through wide mid-on;
19.2;1;Wildermuth to Mavuta, 1 run back of a length and outside off, blocks to point;
19.1;4;Wildermuth to Mavuta, FOUR runs full toss outside off, Mavuta smashes it to the point boundary;
18.6;W;Tye to Mire, OUT full and straight. Mire goes across the line for a slog over wide long-on - he kinda has no choice but to play shots line that - and makes no contact. That means the ball has a clear path to uproot off stump. Fifty wickets in T20s in 2018 for Tye;Solomon Mire b Tye 63 (52b 5x4 2x6) SR: 121.15;
18.5;W;Tye to Mire, 1 run, OUT he risks a second in an effort to retain strike, but Tiiripano is not quick enough, nor does he dive. Mire hits to long-off. It should have only been a single but Zimbabwe need the established batsman on strike. They'll get that, but Tiripano's gone;Donald Tiripano run out (Agar/Tye) 0 (0b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
18.4;?;Tye to Mire, no run full and outside off, slaps it to extra cover;
18.3;W;Tye to Waller, OUT taken by deep square leg! Good work from Tye, and it's his go-to delivery too. Change of pace, which is perfect against a batsman wanting to slog everything. Waller goes for a pull, mistimes it and ends up being caught, and quite easily at that;Malcolm Waller c Richardson b Tye 13 (6b 1x4 1x6) SR: 216.66;
18.2;1;Tye to Mire, 1 run looks for another yorker on middle, Mire gets it off the inside edge to short fine leg;
18.1;1;Tye to Waller, 1 run drills a near yorker on leg stump out to extra cover;
17.6;1;Jhye Richardson to Waller, 1 run adjusts to the back of the hand slower ball and lashes it away to the sweeper. Twenty-five runs off the last two overs; 52 off the last five.;
17.5;4;Jhye Richardson to Waller, FOUR runs full toss outside off, smears it to the left of the sweeper cover. Two balls faced, two super shots for boundaries. Malcolm Waller is just what Zimbabwe needed right now;
17.4;6;Jhye Richardson to Waller, SIX runs backs away and hammers a short ball over extra cover. What a shot! The timing on it! The sound of it leaving the bat!;
17.3;1;Jhye Richardson to Mire, 1 run runs outside off to try to try and scoop the ball - but the perils of premeditation is that he has missed out on a full toss, which he could have hammered over the off side;
17.2;?;Jhye Richardson to Mire, no run wide yorker - perfectly executed. Even Mire can't make something out of it.;
17.1;1;Jhye Richardson to Waller, 1 run good length ball on off stump, blocks behind point;
16.6;6;Tye to Mire, SIX runs massive! This time he nails the back of a length delivery off the middle of the bat and it sails over the backward square leg boundary. Mire's on fire. (Had to be said);
16.5;4;Tye to Mire, FOUR runs full and outside off, Mire slogs away, but gets a leading edge over short third man. Knuckle ball deceives the batsman, but he still profits;
16.4;W;Tye to Chigumbura, OUT top edge, taken by square leg running in! It's a short ball, not really affording him the room to swing his arms. Also comes onto him too quickly, leading to a mis-hit.;Elton Chigumbura c Richardson b Tye 2 (4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
16.3;?;Tye to Chigumbura, no run cramps him for room with a top-pace delivery on off stump. Chigumbura mistimes a late cut to point;
16.2;1;Tye to Mire, 1 run stands tall and pulls a slower short ball out to deep midwicket to bring up his second fifty in successive games;
16.1;1;Tye to Chigumbura, 1 run shortish on off stump - no pace on it though - as Chigumbura knocks it down towards where short midwicket would have been;
15.6;1;Jhye Richardson to Chigumbura, 1 run full on off stump, he nudges it towards mid-on;
15.5;1;Jhye Richardson to Mire, 1 run full and outside off, slices it to deep point;
15.4;?;Jhye Richardson to Mire, no run back of a length and outside off, slashes and misses;
15.3;W;Jhye Richardson to Moor, OUT carves it over the top - and he really has timed the pants off it - the only problem is it sails straight to deep point. Moor takes on the long boundary and comes up short. He had to hit out though, with only four-ish overs left;Peter Moor c Maddinson b Richardson 30 (29b 2x4 1x6) SR: 103.44;
15.2;?;Jhye Richardson to Moor, no run back of a length and outside off, Moor looks for a late cut but is beaten;
15.2;1w;Jhye Richardson to Moor, 1 wide he's worried that Moor would be making room again and goes too wide outside off. Penalised;
15.1;?;Jhye Richardson to Moor, no run spots Moor making room and so slows his pace down and plants the ball wide outside off. Clever bowling earns a dot;
14.6;6;Agar to Mire, SIX runs makes room and lashes a short ball over deep midwicket, into the grass banks. Brutal hit from Mire and Zimbabwe have finally got their groove on. Thirty-two runs off the last two overs.;
14.5;4;Agar to Mire, FOUR runs reverse sweep now, and it s a superb shot, simply because Agar is bowling quick and at off stump, with third man and point up. Mire spots the flaw in Australia's plans and exploits it superbly;
14.4;1lb;Agar to Moor, 1 leg bye tries a slog sweep, but mistimes it so badly the wicketkeeper gets to it;
14.3;1;Agar to Mire, 1 run another very quick delivery on middle, Mire nudges it to cover for a single;
14.2;?;Agar to Mire, no run slings it through from a low arm, and at a much higher pace, as Mire swings and misses;
14.1;1;Agar to Moor, 1 run top-edges the slog and three men are haring up after it, from deep midwicket, long-on and even the bowler looking to make something of it. Lands right between them;
13.6;?;Stoinis to Mire, no run knuckle ball, bobbles out to become a yorker too. Mire keeps it out;
13.5;4;Stoinis to Mire, FOUR runs scoops a length ball on middle stump over the short fine leg fielder. That's 19 off the over already;
13.4;1;Stoinis to Moor, 1 run slower ball on middle, Moor taps it to point. That's the fifty partnership;
13.3;4;Stoinis to Moor, FOUR runs and there's the little bit of luck a batsman needs. Stoinis goes to top pace as he tries to bounce Moor. He goes for the pull and gets a top edge over the keeper;
13.2;4;Stoinis to Moor, FOUR runs another superb shot, this one along the ground, it's USP the placement. It skips past point on his left, and then bisects the sweeper and deep third man;
13.1;6;Stoinis to Moor, SIX runs clatters a short ball outside off away over deep midwicket. Good work in getting on top of the bounce to connect as cleanly as he did;
12.6;?;Tye to Mire, no run knuckle ball utterly deceives Mire, and for a second time, it only just misses his stumps. Stanlake had a chance at knocking out his off stump earlier in the day. Now Tye comes within inches of messing the middle one up. A slog with no luck or skill attached to it;
12.5;2;Tye to Mire, 2 runs slogs a length ball outside off to deep square leg;
12.4;2;Tye to Mire, 2 runs good length ball on middle, which is turned through midwicket. Mire plays with soft hands looking for two and he gets it;
12.3;?;Tye to Mire, no run;
12.2;2;Tye to Mire, 2 runs launches it in the air, and it lands safely, just beyond the reach of a diving Maxwell! Superb work, in travelling so fast to catch up with the outside edge, and even while doing so, tracking the ball over his shoulder. Big dive to make something happen, but it falls just in front of his outstetched hand;
12.2;1w;Tye to Mire, 1 wide backs away, prompting Tye to follow the batsman and go as short as he can. But with this pitch already offering plenty of bounce, the ball soars over Mire's head as he leaves;
12.1;2;Tye to Mire, 2 runs works his wrists over a shortish delivery on middle and finds a couple between long-on and midwicket;
11.6;?;Stanlake to Moor, no run back of a length and outside off, slaps it to point;
11.5;?;Stanlake to Moor, no run yorker on off stump, Moor digs it out;
11.4;1;Stanlake to Mire, 1 run rocks back to slap the short delivery outside off to point;
11.3;?;Stanlake to Mire, no run swishes outside off - this one giving him a little more width to free the arms - but Stanlake's got too much heat on the ball;
11.2;?;Stanlake to Mire, no run short ball now, only a shade outside off stump. The lack of room, and that it comes near his shoulder, makes Mire decide not to dabble with it;
11.1;?;Stanlake to Mire, no run sharp pace again as he goes full and outside off. Mire camps on leg stump, not really keen on getting in line with the delivery and so ends up comfortably beaten;
10.6;1;Stoinis to Mire, 1 run slogs a back of a length delivery to long-on;
10.5;1;Stoinis to Moor, 1 run direct hit would have knocked Mire out! Maxwell is the man at point, cutting the angle very well as he runs to his left to grab the ball and take a shy at the strikers' end. Decent shot from Moor, but not the best judgment of a run;
10.5;1w;Stoinis to Moor, 1 wide goes for a bouncer outside off, but it may just have wandered too high for its own good;
10.4;?;Stoinis to Moor, no run gets forward to drill a fuller delivery to mid-off;
10.3;?;Stoinis to Moor, no run he's forced back into his crease by a short ball, coming up towards his chest. Moor does well in the end, to use soft hands and blunt it by his feet;
10.2;?;Stoinis to Moor, no run flirts with a back of a length delivery outside off and is comfortably beaten. Tiny bit more bounce than Moor is ready for;
10.1;1;Stoinis to Mire, 1 run opens the face to guide a good length ball to third man;
9.6;1;Wildermuth to Mire, 1 run pulls a rising delivery from outside off to long-on. Not enough room, and perhaps more pertinently, too much bounce for him to properly time the ball;
9.5;1;Wildermuth to Moor, 1 run defends a shortish delivery to the right of point;
9.4;?;Wildermuth to Moor, no run bouncer, which keeps coming in at the batsmen. Moor drops his wrists and avoids contact;
9.3;1;Wildermuth to Mire, 1 run pitches it up, angling the ball into the right-hander. Mire skews it off the inside edge to deep square leg;
9.2;3;Wildermuth to Moor, 3 runs gets up off his toes so that he can hit the short ball on top of its bounce and send it scampering away to the left of both point and the sweeper cover. Good technique;
9.1;1;Wildermuth to Mire, 1 run good length ball outside off stump, the batsman pushes it through cover point;
8.6;?;Agar to Moor, no run flatter and fuller on off stump, Moor drills it back to the left-arm spinner;
8.5;1;Agar to Mire, 1 run clears the front leg again as Agar targets leg stump and hits the length ball down to long-on;
8.4;1;Agar to Moor, 1 run;
8.3;2;Agar to Moor, 2 runs leading edge... swirling away past the shoulder of Tye, running back from cover.... lands safely. Superb bowling from Agar, even if it doesn't result in a wicket. Lobbing the ball up over the batsman's eyeline and getting it to dip and turn so that a hit straight down the ground becomes a panic-stricken wait for Moor to see if he's still alive in the game;
8.2;?;Agar to Moor, no run tosses it up on middle and leg, Moor defends;
8.1;1;Agar to Mire, 1 run clears the front leg and laces an overpitched delivery right at his partner at the other end. Single as the ball deflects over to long-on;
7.6;1;Tye to Mire, 1 run spots the variation, hanging back until it finally arrives in his half of the pitch. Little late cut thereafter sends it down to third man;
7.5;1;Tye to Moor, 1 run takes the pace off again, but Moor is looking for it, adjusts his bat swing appropriately and flicks a straight one to long leg;
7.4;1;Tye to Mire, 1 run another slowy - perhaps the knuckle ball too, considering it moves in the air and squares Mire up. Outside edge down to point;
7.3;?;Tye to Mire, no run slower ball that deceives Mire. He's set up to launch it over the leg side, thinking it's length and it's in the slot. But the lack of pace makes him think twice and in the end leave it outside off;
7.2;1;Tye to Moor, 1 run stands tall against a back of a length delivery outside off and punches it through to deep point;
7.1;?;Tye to Moor, no run full on middle, pushes it back at the bowler;
6.6;1;Agar to Moor, 1 run hangs back to a shortish delivery and turns it through the vacant midwicket region;
6.5;2;Agar to Moor, 2 runs looms over the flighted delivery in leg stump and deflects it to the left of short fine leg;
6.4;1;Agar to Mire, 1 run opens the face to find a single through to the sweeper;
6.3;?;Agar to Mire, no run goes back to a flatter delivery on off stump and pats it to extra cover;
6.2;1;Agar to Moor, 1 run nudges it through midwicket;
6.1;?;Agar to Moor, no run tosses it up on off stump, drives to cover;
5.6;?;Stanlake to Mire, no run they're going up again, but umpire Tiffin is unmoved. End of a top over from Stanlake, as he beats the bat of the set batsman with an outswinger at outrageous pace;
5.5;W;Stanlake to Musakanda, OUT appeal for a catch! It's Wildermuth down at thie third man boundary, running forward and diving low to pick up a fine catch. The umpires check for a no-ball and that's all they check for before sending Musakanda on his way. The dismissal is rather similar to the catch that Wildermuth dropped earlier in the game. A wild slap looking for the boundary (at cover perhaps) resulting in an edge flying to third man. This time the debutant makes a better effort;Tarisai Musakanda c Wildermuth b Stanlake 12 (10b 1x4 1x6) SR: 120;
5.4;6;Stanlake to Musakanda, SIX runs that's insane! He presses forward, not caring that Stanlake releases that little white thing at near 150 kph - and quite effortlessly lifts it over mid-on;
5.3;?;Stanlake to Musakanda, no run keeps going short and wide - but this time he makes sure it travels higher. Musakanda looks for the upper cut, but can't catch up with it;
5.2;4;Stanlake to Musakanda, FOUR runs short and wide and Musakanda latches onto it with a vengeance. Cut with all of his power to the point boundary;
5.1;?;Stanlake to Musakanda, no run stays put in front of a shortish delivery and absorbs all of its threats with soft hands;
4.6;4;Stoinis to Mire, FOUR runs opens the face and finds a boundary. Very smart by Mire. He's in form. He's picking the ball well. And it is the change-bowler, so he definitely has to go after him;
4.5;1;Stoinis to Musakanda, 1 run a slower ball, but he hits the deck with it. Musakanda reads it all perfectly, pulls his bottom hand off, nudges it to the left of the pitch and pinches a single;
4.4;1;Stoinis to Mire, 1 run a hint of width and that's enough for Mire to exploit; lovely late cut, along the ground to third man;
4.3;?;Stoinis to Mire, no run targets the top of off but Mire gets in between the ball and the bulls-eye;
4.2;1;Stoinis to Musakanda, 1 run taps the back of a length delivery into the covers for a quick single;
4.1;1;Stoinis to Mire, 1 run shortish and outside off, glides it down to third man;
3.6;?;Jhye Richardson to Musakanda, no run sees width, goes after it, comes away swishing at thin air;
3.5;?;Jhye Richardson to Musakanda, no run stays back and slices a shortish delivery to point;
3.4;?;Jhye Richardson to Musakanda, no run zips through past the top edge as Musakanda goes for a cut shot;
3.4;5w;Jhye Richardson to Musakanda, 5 wide too short, and it even leaps over the wicketkeeper Carey to run away for four;
3.3;W;Jhye Richardson to Masakadza, OUT chops on! A short and wide delivery that deserves to be cut through cover point ends up pinging off the inside edge onto the stumps. Seems like Masakadza is fooled by a throttling down in pace. A wicket each in the Powerplay for Australia's quicks. That's job well done;Hamilton Masakadza b Richardson 13 (12b 1x4 1x6) SR: 108.33;
3.2;6;Jhye Richardson to Masakadza, SIX runs scoops a fast bowler capable of hitting 140 kph all the way to the long leg boundary! Superb stuff from Masakadza, always has his eyes on the ball, and connects splendidly;
3.1;1;Jhye Richardson to Mire, 1 run extra bounce as Richardson bends his back and goes short. Mire goes for the pull on instinct and mistimes it to deep midwicket;
2.6;1;Stanlake to Mire, 1 run shortish and outside off, he dabs it to third man. Sensible batting. Controlled batting.;
2.5;4;Stanlake to Mire, FOUR runs bang! Straight over the top! Mire's got quality. And he shows it by picking Stanlake's fuller length, striding confidently forward and smacking him over mid-on. An outstanding shot!;
2.4;?;Stanlake to Mire, no run full on middle, Mire blocks to cover;
2.3;?;Stanlake to Mire, no run rippper! It beats Mire's outside edge and goes hunting for the off stump. Prey escapes predator by the smallest margin as the ball bounces just over it. Sensational stuff from Stanlake. Hitting the deck on middle and getting late away movement;
2.2;1;Stanlake to Masakadza, 1 run another one that he digs into the pitch, this one coming up towards Masakadza's chest. The batsman pulls, gets struck on the glove, and as the ball wanders to square leg, he slinks through for a single;
2.1;4;Stanlake to Masakadza, FOUR runs goes short and Masakadza hoicks it through midwicket. Powerful strike. Standing tall, telling the bowler who's boss;
1.6;1;Jhye Richardson to Masakadza, 1 run angles a short of a good length delivery in at off stump, Masakadza plays late, chopping it to point for a quick single;
1.5;1;Jhye Richardson to Mire, 1 run hangs back and flicks a shortish delivery through midwicket;
1.4;?;Jhye Richardson to Mire, no run fuller delivery on middle, he turns it into the leg side;
1.3;1;Jhye Richardson to Masakadza, 1 run dropped by the debutant! Jack Wildermuth tries to get under the skier at third man as Masakadza slogs wildly. The back of a length ball leaps off the top edge and starts to dip as it nears the fielder. Wildermuth has committed to take it reverse cup and even ends up diving forward in a desperate attempt to pull it off. In the end, it pops out. Really should have taken it the normal way;
1.2;?;Jhye Richardson to Masakadza, no run pokes outside the off stump as Richardson hits a fuller length. Masakadza is stuck in the crease but his hands lunge out to meet the ball. Soft hands though, which is good;
1.1;1;Jhye Richardson to Mire, 1 run knocks it down gently straight of midwicket for a single. That's more like it. Mire playing close to the body, covering the line of a ball angled into middle;
0.6;?;Stanlake to Masakadza, no run good length ball on middle, defends stoutly;
0.5;?;Stanlake to Masakadza, no run looks for the blockhole now and Masakadza brings down a straight bat to save himself;
0.4;?;Stanlake to Masakadza, no run draws him into a lazy old drive and that away swing - that very late away swing - takes it past the outside edge. Stanlake's looking mean today. #WhatElseIsNew?;
0.3;?;Stanlake to Masakadza, no run struck on the body as Masakadza looks to flick a shortish delivery angled into him;
0.2;?;Stanlake to Masakadza, no run back of a length and outside off, leaves it. Hint of awayswing in the air for Stanlake;
0.1;W;Stanlake to Zhuwao, OUT caught behind first ball! Comes out braving the cold, goes back for an early coffee. #SmallMercies. Australia, meanwhile, are elated. Stanlake pitches it up outside off, has Zhuwao chasing after it. Normally, that would have screamed through the cover point boundary. But in this case - because of the lack of footwork - he just nicks through;Cephas Zhuwao c ?Carey b Stanlake 0 (1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;

Readers in India can watch this match LIVE on ESPN.in. Right, out come the Aussies in their canary yellow uniforms that must be visible from outer space. Big Billy Stanlake needs no help to stand out, he'll be taking the new ball, so the two Zimbabwe openers Cephas Zhuwao and Solomon Mire better buckle up.
9.50 am Harare looks brutally cold this morning. The players are training with multiple layers on them, not including caps and gloves. Reports suggest the temperature is 11C and there's a bustling wind making things even harder. Even Alastair Campbell, a local, had to glove-up to do the toss.
The pitch looks a bit dry, there are cracks showing up as well. Since there are back to back games in this series, the groundsmen have not had much time to properly prepare the surface to their liking.
Thilan: "Wildermuth is more a FC player than T20 player. Bowls good fast medium on the salmon length and has a good straight batting technique. Interesting to see if he gets a bat since he's been batting 9 for the Renegades in the BBL. "
Sarthak: "Not a bad idea to hand debut to Wildermuth. Would have loved to see Swepson though." ---- Secret weapon for the final on Sunday?
9.30 am Zimbabwe have won the toss and have chosen to bat. Australia, meanwhile, have handed a debut to 24-year old Queensland allrounder Jack Wildermuth. The man making way is D'Arcy Short, who has so far struggled to match up to his performances in the BBL.
Australia: Aaron Finch (c), Alex Carey (wk), Travis Head, Glenn Maxwell, Nic Maddinson, Marcus Stoinis, Jack Wildermuth, Ashton Agar, Andrew Tye, Jhye Richardson, Billy Stanlake
Zimbabwe: Solomon Mire, Cephas Zhuwao, Hamilton Masakadza (c), Tarisai Musakanda, Peter Moor (wk), Elton Chigumbura, Malcolm Waller, Donald Tiripano, Brandon Mavuta, Wellington Masakadza, Blessing Muzarabani
Debut for Brandon Mavuta as well, who is a 21-year old legspin-bowling allrounder. Donald Tiripano has found a spot in the XI, with both Chris Mpofu and Tendai Chisoro going out
9.15 am The toss is in about half an hour. Just enough time to discuss Australia as well. Aaron Finch has said the new environment is slowly helping heal the scars of the ball-tampering scandal that broke their team earlier this year. But they aren't quite the finished article yet. Their batting seems entirely dependent on their captain. The are such big holes in their middle order - although Marcus Stoinis certainly has the potential to be awesome - that they end up having to play the allrounder Ashton Agar instead of an excellent offspinner in Nathan Lyon. The good thing is Mitchell Starc, Josh Hazlewood and Pat Cummins should be back in the side soon and that will certainly make a difference. There's a lot to look for in this game, but nothing really to win. It's the deadest a rubber can be
Inam: "So Pak and Aus are 1-1 right now and final is going to decide who is winning the tri-series which actually seems like a bi-lateral series. Will Aus climb to #1 if they win the final?"
9.00 am Zimbabwe have been knocked out of their own tri-series after three successive losses. Their fans turned on them when Finch hammered a world-record 172 a few days ago. Their best players are missing because of an ongoing pay dispute with the board. Clearly someone within the playing group must have disrespected the most sacred of all superstitions and said "what more could go wrong" because Zimbabwe were then fined for slow over-rate by the ICC.
Even as they figure out where to get the money from, they're going to have to turn up in Harare and figure out how to beat Australia, who have already made the final of this tri-series. A brief respite from this glum situation was Solomon Mire's 94, which is now the highest score by a Zimbabwe batsmen in T20 internationals. He's taken over the opening spot in grand style. It was only since 2017 did he get a regular chance to play in the XI and he's already become one of their most indispensable players.
 Innings Start
That's all we have for you today. Tune in on Sunday when we return for the final between Australia and Pakistan.
"I thought they bowled well towards the end and shows the value of having a set batsman at the end," Aaron Finch, the Australian captain, says. "I think its important to get some time in the middle, get batting rhythm [about the middle order]. They're hitting the balls well in training but nothing compares to match practices. The bowling was very good, we restricted Zimbabwe 15-20 runs short of what they'd have liked. We've been working up so far and hopefully we peak in the final"
Andrew Tye is the Man of the Match for his fourth successive three-for. He also wrapped up 50 T20 wickets in the year. "It's something I've been working on, taking wickets at crucial times. I've got lucky in this series, taking wickets in the death and stopping teams when they want more runs. Good that we got the win today, hopefully as a team we get a win on Sunday too. Just got to look at where the batsmen are trying to hit balls and then mix their rhythm up by changing pace, the line and length. So just trying to adapt to every batsman because they're all different. We've had a few troubles but I think we;re saving our best for the last"
"Fought well and took it to the end, which was good. The wicket played slower than expected and we couldn't quite kick on in the end even though we had a good partnership in the middle" Hamilton Masakadza, the Zimbabwe captain, says. "We spoke about coming back from the first two games and the guys expressing themselves and I think Mire did that brilliantly. We are on the up now and I'm sure we'll keep getting better and hopefully we'll get a W in the Pakistan one-dayers"
1.30 pm Zimbabwe - minus several of their best players and their premier fast bowler injured - have forced Australia to take a modest chase of 152 all the way to the penultimate ball of the match. The W won't be against their name, but Hamilton Masakadza's men have fought so very hard today; it was their last chance in the tri-series for a win and the bowlers were especially feisty. Blessing Muzarabani's bounce was always hard to deal with. Donald Tiripano and his slower balls were hard to read. And legspinner Brandon Mavuta's debut wasn't a bad one either
But Glenn Maxwell (56 off 38) and Travis Head (48 off 42) saw past their threat and will rightly be credited with this victory. Their 100-plus partnership after two early wickets stabilised the innings. But that collapse in the end would have sent a few nerves jangling. Three wickets in the last five overs, with a straightforward win in sight, will probably go down as an "x" in the coach Justin Langer's little black book.
Pyumba: "This is the reason y Zimbabwe is not in the world cup and Australia is......Handling the pressure!!!" --- Actually, they were only a couple of runs short of making it, so let's not point fingers.
19.5;4;Tiripano to Stoinis, FOUR runs low full toss, which Stoinis smashes over square leg and it's Australia's game;
19.4;1;Tiripano to Agar, 1 run smacks it to mid-off and just sets off. Masakadza fumbles as well, allowing Australia's desperation move to succeed, despite his recovery and subsequent direct hit;
19.3;1;Tiripano to Stoinis, 1 run slower short ball, which Stoinis pulls for a single to deep square leg;
19.2;1;Tiripano to Agar, 1 run low full toss which Agar inside edges onto pad. Stoinis, the better batsman of the two, races away to steal the strike.;
19.1;?;Tiripano to Agar, no run good length and it's the offcutter again. Agar pokes and misses;
19.1;1w;Tiripano to Agar, 1 wide slower ball outside off, Agar flashes and misses as it spins away from him. Harsh call from the umpire to label that a wide though. Doubt it was.;
19.1;1w;Tiripano to Agar, 1 wide starts with a short ball that goes way wide outside leg;
18.6;1;Muzarabani to Agar, 1 run back of a length and outside off, steers it to deep point;
18.5;2;Muzarabani to Agar, 2 runs full and outside off, Agar drives to cover. Stoinis at the other end is looking for a single, which is why Waller takes a shy at the stumps and gives away two overthrows;
18.4;1;Muzarabani to Stoinis, 1 run goes straight up! Long-on is right on the edge of the boundary. Masakdaza, alancing himself as well as he could, takes the catch reverse cup. But he is starting to overbalance, so he flicks the ball back into the field of play. So close for Zimbabwe... So close...;
18.3;2;Muzarabani to Stoinis, 2 runs good length ball outside off gets Stoinis forward with a defensive push. It results in an outside edge that wanders away to deep third man;
18.2;W;Muzarabani to Head, OUT caught at long-on! Australia are goofing off with a win in sight! The set batsman - Head, who has been ever so careful to avoid any risk in his game today - goes for a big shot with the run-rate just barely over 6. And he finds Masakadza waiting to pounce on his mistake;Travis Head c WP Masakadza b Muzarabani 48 (42b 3x4 0x6) SR: 114.28;
18.1;1;Muzarabani to Stoinis, 1 run works a good length ball on leg stump out to deep square leg;
17.6;1;Tiripano to Stoinis, 1 run pulls a slower short ball out to deep midwicket;
17.5;2;Tiripano to Stoinis, 2 runs full on off stump, he tucks it to the right of long-on, with soft hands, to ensure he can get a couple of runs before the deep fielders get a look in;
17.4;1;Tiripano to Head, 1 run offcutter, which Head nudges through square leg;
17.3;W;Tiripano to Maddinson, OUT caught at square leg! Two wickets in two overs - are Zimbabwe still in this? Maddinson goes for a pull shot but the ball is at him a llittle quicker than he'd like. Miscues it for Muzarabani to come into play as he dives forward to take the chance;Nic Maddinson c Muzarabani b Tiripano 2 (5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 40;
17.2;1;Tiripano to Head, 1 run full and outside off, drills it to mid-off;
17.1;1lb;Tiripano to Maddinson, 1 leg bye goes for a pull seeing the length short, but it's also a slower ball and that deceives Maddinson as he is hit on the body. Still, Australia get a leg bye with Head calling him through for a single;
16.6;1;Muzarabani to Maddinson, 1 run rises with the short ball and steers it quite nicely to deep third man;
16.5;?;Muzarabani to Maddinson, no run good length on middle, Maddinson defends;
16.4;1;Muzarabani to Head, 1 run slower ball on leg stump, Head taps it towards square leg;
16.3;1;Muzarabani to Maddinson, 1 run gets his shuffle on to work a back of a length delivery on off stump away to deep midwicket;
16.2;W;Muzarabani to Maxwell, OUT drives straight to short cover! With Australia almost to the finish line, their top-scorer hits a length ball off the bottom of the bat straight to Chigumbura;Glenn Maxwell c Chigumbura b Muzarabani 56 (38b 1x4 5x6) SR: 147.36;
16.1;1;Muzarabani to Head, 1 run inside edges a short ball and it wanders out to long leg. Muzarabani's bounce is still so very unsettling;
15.6;?;Masakadza to Maxwell, no run spears a quick delivery in at leg stump, Maxwell inside edges it;
15.5;6;Masakadza to Maxwell, SIX runs short and wide, Maxwell pummels it straight down the ground. Another powerful hit for six;
15.4;?;Masakadza to Maxwell, no run good length on middle stump, defends;
15.3;6;Masakadza to Maxwell, SIX runs length ball - offering Maxwell room to free the arms too - and he takes full toll of it. Winds up and launches the bad ball over long-on to bring up his half-century. Points at both of his eyes in celebration, while the umpires bring out a new ball.;
15.2;?;Masakadza to Maxwell, no run;
15.1;1;Masakadza to Head, 1 run dropped but it is a seriously difficult chance because Head rushes down the pitch and gets an outside edge while trying to loft over the covers. Could have had him stumped too.;
14.6;?;Mavuta to Maxwell, no run makes room outside leg to open up the covers, but because he goes hard at the ball, he mistimes it back at the bowler;
14.5;?;Mavuta to Maxwell, no run googly on off stump, Maxwell defends, reading the variation just about well enough;
14.4;?;Mavuta to Maxwell, no run cuts the flatter delivery to point;
14.3;1;Mavuta to Head, 1 run shapes to slog a tossed up delivery on leg stump, but it spins the wrong way, so he has to chop the ball into the off side for a single.;
14.2;2;Mavuta to Head, 2 runs shortish and outside off, Head cuts it behind point;
14.1;1;Mavuta to Maxwell, 1 run pulls a short ball away to deep midwicket;
14.1;1w;Mavuta to Maxwell, 1 wide loops the googly up so very wide outside off. Maxwell thinks about it, but settles for the wide;
13.6;1;Waller to Maxwell, 1 run short and outside off, Maxwell cuts to the sweeper;
13.5;1;Waller to Head, 1 run gets down the track and yorks himself. Only an inside edge saves him from being bowled;
13.4;?;Waller to Head, no run gets the late cut going but he can't beat short third man;
13.3;1;Waller to Maxwell, 1 run short now, and Maxwell pulls it away to the left of deep midwicket;
13.2;6;Waller to Maxwell, SIX runs length ball, asking to be hit and Maxwell doesn't disappoint. Presses forward and launches it over midwicket.;
13.1;1;Waller to Head, 1 run shortish and outside off, Head slaps it past the left of point;
12.6;2;Masakadza to Maxwell, 2 runs full on middle, Maxwell turns it to long-on;
12.5;?;Masakadza to Maxwell, no run good length on off stump, defends;
12.4;2;Masakadza to Maxwell, 2 runs shortish on middle, Maxwell taps it to the empty spaces at mid-on and midwicket to take a couple;
12.3;4;Masakadza to Maxwell, FOUR runs backs away and smears a full delivery on leg stump over to the extra cover boundary. Brutal strike, one that showcases his bottom-hand strength;
12.2;1;Masakadza to Head, 1 run shimmies down the pitch and lifts the length ball on leg stump away to deep midwicket;
12.1;1;Masakadza to Maxwell, 1 run defends a full delivery on off stump towards point. Another straightforward single;
11.6;1;Mavuta to Maxwell, 1 run quicker delivery on middle, Maxwell goes back to block and gets an outside edge through point;
11.5;1;Mavuta to Head, 1 run comes down the track and though the bowler tries to stump him by sneaking the ball down leg, Head is able to flick it away to deep square leg;
11.4;4;Mavuta to Head, FOUR runs long hope which Head monsters away to the midwicket boundary.;
11.3;1;Mavuta to Maxwell, 1 run googly on off stump, Maxwell swings it around to short fine leg;
11.2;?;Mavuta to Maxwell, no run shapes to slog a legbreak over long-on but hitting against the turn - especially when the ball is way outside off - is rarely helpful. Maxwell is beaten;
11.1;1;Mavuta to Head, 1 run googly on middle, Head hangs back and turns it to square leg.;
10.6;?;Waller to Maxwell, no run flatter delivery on middle, Maxwell clears his front leg and punches to midwicket;
10.5;1;Waller to Head, 1 run on the pads, Head nudges it to deep midwicket;
10.4;1;Waller to Maxwell, 1 run quicker delivery outside off, Maxwell pushes it to long-off;
10.3;2;Waller to Maxwell, 2 runs rank delivery - short and down leg - Maxwell pulls it away to the left of long leg. Muzarabani saves a boundary;
10.2;6;Waller to Maxwell, SIX runs smashes it over long-on! Simply done by Maxwell as he meets a half volley with the full face and ensures it has enough of his strength to take it all the way;
10.1;?;Waller to Maxwell, no run skids through past the pads of Maxwell even as he tries to flick it away. Deflection off the pad puts the keeper off from collecting it;
9.6;1;Mavuta to Maxwell, 1 run pushes it through on off stump, Maxwell is waiting for the change in length as he calmly flicks through midwicket;
9.5;6;Mavuta to Maxwell, SIX runs shovels it all the way over the extra cover boundary! Maxwell is reaching out - it would have been a wide had he missed it - but Maxwell still manages to hit it with monstrous power;
9.4;1;Mavuta to Head, 1 run works a good length ball off the back foot towards square leg;
9.3;2;Mavuta to Head, 2 runs shifts his weight back against the shortish delivery and flicks it behind square leg. Smart footwork from Head, who wants a second. He needs to hurry. The throw from Muzarabani is right next to the stumps... Replays have it very very tight... and Head may well have been in by a frame. Those zing bails might have helped there.;
9.2;2;Mavuta to Head, 2 runs short ball, which Head pulls past Masakadza's left. The throw from the deep hits the stumps direct at the striker's end and ricochets for an overthrow;
9.1;1;Mavuta to Maxwell, 1 run flicks a short one from middle and off stump to deep midwicket;
8.6;1;Mire to Maxwell, 1 run dipping slower ball on middle, Maxwell presents the full face for a single to long-on;
8.5;1;Mire to Head, 1 run slower ball outside off, Head drives to mid-off for a single;
8.4;2;Mire to Head, 2 runs flicks a shortish delivery to long leg;
8.3;2;Mire to Head, 2 runs pulls a short ball away behind square leg;
8.2;?;Mire to Head, no run struck on the helmet Head is into a pull shot and goes through with it too soon. The ball strikes him on the side of his head. He doesn't seem to be in any sort of trouble though. Sends Maxwell, who is looking for a single, back and then later the physio too.;
8.1;1;Mire to Maxwell, 1 run shapes to pick a short ball off middle stump over square leg. But he's into the shot too early and ends up hitting it off a leading edge to point;
7.6;?;Mavuta to Head, no run misreads the googly this time. It's tossed up, drifting away from the left-hander, turning as well. Head is only gingerly playing at it and gets an edge that goes nowhere;
7.5;2;Mavuta to Head, 2 runs googly from the debutant, which Head dabs away to deep third man;
7.4;1;Mavuta to Maxwell, 1 run short and wide, Maxwell cuts to deep point;
7.3;2;Mavuta to Maxwell, 2 runs drives through the covers for a couple. Australia almost solely concentrating on singles and twos to recover lost ground;
7.2;?;Mavuta to Maxwell, no run flights it on off stump, Maxwell plays for turn, but the drift into the right-hander secures an inside edge;
7.2;2w;Mavuta to Head, 2 wide pushes it through down leg. Head looks for a flick, no luck there. but he does get a wide and then rushes for a single as the keeper fumbles the take;
7.1;?;Mavuta to Head, no run leading edge first up as he tosses it up on leg stump and Head is lunging for the ball, meeting it too early;
6.6;1;Mire to Head, 1 run short and on leg stump, he pulls to long leg;
6.5;2;Mire to Head, 2 runs another slower ball, which Head deflects away to deep third man;
6.4;4;Mire to Head, FOUR runs nicks it past the keeper! Taking the pace off is working big time on this pitch. It's offering extra bounce as well and both of those combine to mess with Head's cut shot;
6.3;2;Mire to Head, 2 runs full and outside off, Head drives sweetly through the covers;
6.2;?;Mire to Head, no run short and wide, but since it's slow as well it beats Head's cut shot;
6.1;1;Mire to Maxwell, 1 run full on off stump, Maxwell pushes it to mid-off and pinches a single;
5.6;1lb;Tiripano to Maxwell, 1 leg bye prepares a flick shot, but the ball not coming onto the bat puts him off. It eventually ends up deflecting off the pads to short fine leg;
5.5;1;Tiripano to Head, 1 run walks out and across his stumps again to flick through to mid-on;
5.4;4;Tiripano to Head, FOUR runs gets under the short ball to lift it over the keeper and away to the third man boundary. Upper cut, well executed;
5.3;?;Tiripano to Head, no run walks down the pitch - showing he's under pressure over the lack of runs. Tiripano bangs it in short, and it wanders past Head's shirt, and right over leg stump;
5.2;?;Tiripano to Head, no run drives in solid fashion to cover. Tiripano hitting good areas on and around off stump;
5.1;?;Tiripano to Head, no run full and outside of, Head lashes it to point;
4.6;?;Muzarabani to Maxwell, no run full and outside off, he drives to point;
4.5;1;Muzarabani to Head, 1 run stays put in his crease to defend another rising delivery from Muzarabani. His lines to the left-handers has been very very good so far. Head gets an inside edge on this occasion and Maxwell scampers through for a single;
4.4;1;Muzarabani to Maxwell, 1 run tucks a good length ball outside off through square leg;
4.4;1w;Muzarabani to Maxwell, 1 wide strays down the pads, Maxwell misses out on the flick;
4.3;W;Muzarabani to Carey, OUT caught behind! Superb work from Muzarabani. He spent his couple of overs targeting Carey's body. Now he sends one angled across the left-hander. Carey flirts with it, looking for a single to third man, and only ends up nicking through. Pace, plenty of bounce and early success for the tall right-arm quick;Alex Carey c sub (?R Murray) b Muzarabani 16 (17b 2x4 0x6) SR: 94.11;
4.2;?;Muzarabani to Carey, no run blocks a shortish delivery down the pitch and sets off looking for a single. Realises it's not there just in time;
4.1;?;Muzarabani to Carey, no run short and outside off, Carey glides it behind point, but the fielder does well, putting in a dive;
3.6;2;Tiripano to Head, 2 runs slower ball on leg stump, Head works it to deep square leg;
3.5;?;Tiripano to Head, no run opens the face and slices the shortish delivery to point;
3.4;?;Tiripano to Head, no run rises with the bouncer on middle and off stump and blunts it by his feet;
3.4;1w;Tiripano to Head, 1 wide drifts down the leg side and Head doesn't make contact with the flick;
3.3;?;Tiripano to Head, no run stands up tall behind a back of a length delivery on off stump and defends to point;
3.2;1;Tiripano to Carey, 1 run short on middle, he pulls to deep square leg;
3.1;4;Tiripano to Carey, FOUR runs full delivery outside off, Carey smacks it through extra cover. Pace on the ball making a difference in favour of Austrlaia;
2.6;1lb;Masakadza to Carey, 1 leg bye goes for the slog sweep and gets struck on the back leg. But Masakadza's delivery pitches outside leg so the lbw appeal won't stand;
2.5;?;Masakadza to Carey, no run run-out chance as the left-hander digs out a yorker and the non-striker thinks there's a single at cover. Carey sends Head back and a dive saves the Australian;
2.4;1;Masakadza to Head, 1 run turns a fuller delivery on leg stump through midwicket;
2.3;1;Masakadza to Carey, 1 run shapes to pull, but he doesn't read the pace of the ball off the pitch properly and mistimes the shot so badly that it doesn't even go too far off the pitch;
2.2;?;Masakadza to Carey, no run shortish on off stump, defends;
2.1;W;Masakadza to Finch, OUT taken at deep midwicket! It's a long hop from a spinner and it's absolutely smacked away. Problem is it zeroes in on Musakanda on the boundary. The in-form Finch is back in the hut and the chase is only two overs old. How will Australia respond?;Aaron Finch c Musakanda b Masakadza 3 (5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 60;
1.6;2;Muzarabani to Carey, 2 runs lifts a good length ball straight down the ground - but this has gone high. Mid-off and mid-on are racing after it, but the ball lands just in front of them both;
1.5;1;Muzarabani to Finch, 1 run tries to pull a short and wide delivery - perhaps off pace as well - and gets an inside edge to deep square leg;
1.5;1w;Muzarabani to Finch, 1 wide tries to glance the ball, sliding down leg, to the boundary but he can't touch it;
1.4;1;Muzarabani to Carey, 1 run unsettles the left-hander by targeting the body - Muzarabani is well over six-feet tall, so its no surprise that he's getting awkward bounce. Single off a flick behind square leg;
1.3;?;Muzarabani to Carey, no run opens the face to steer a short delivery outside off to point;
1.2;1;Muzarabani to Finch, 1 run flicks another back of a length delivery from off stump away to deep square leg;
1.1;1;Muzarabani to Carey, 1 run shortish and at the hip, Carey turns it behind square leg;
0.6;1;Masakadza to Carey, 1 run nudges it through midwicket;
0.5;4;Masakadza to Carey, FOUR runs gets down low to scoop the ball right over the keeper's head. Premeditated shot, which is how Masakadza is able to adjust and bowl as quick as he can. Carey overbalances as he makes contact, but it's still good enough;
0.4;?;Masakadza to Carey, no run keeps pushing it through in line with the stumps, Carey blocks;
0.3;1;Masakadza to Finch, 1 run backs away outside leg, but Masakadza follows him with a quicker delivery. Finch flicks through midwicket;
0.2;1;Masakadza to Carey, 1 run stays around the wicket to the left-hander too, and Carey pulls the flatter delivery outside off to deep midwicket;
0.1;1lb;Masakadza to Finch, 1 leg bye full and drifting into the pads, Finch tries to dab it fine, but he can't make contact with the bat.;

11.40 am Right, we're already set to go. Aaron Finch is at the strikers' end. Alex Carey at the other. Zimbabwe have jogged out to the middle as well, but they have a substitute keeping wicket. Ryan Murray will take over the gloves from Peter Moor, who is not on the ground. Left-arm spinner Wellington Masakadza to take the new ball
 Innings Start
Zimbabwe
Australia
6th match, Harare, Jul 6 2018, ZIM T20 Tri Series
151/9
154/5
Player of the match is Andrew Tye, AUS
Australia won by 5 wickets (with 1 ball remaining)
