Data
Australia should be pretty happy with this effort. Rahul Sharma was also quite impressive despite those tough drops. It should be a challenge for India. Remains to be seen if the newly arrived bunch can pose a challenge to the hosts, for a change. Join us in 15 minutes.
19.6;1lb;Sharma to Marsh, 1 leg bye another quick and flat delivery and Marsh swings and the ball clips his pads and rolls to the off side;
19.5;W;Sharma to Hussey, OUT Hussey aims for the big slog but Rahul pushes it flatter and on the stumps, swing and a miss and it hits the timber;David Hussey b Sharma 42 (42m 30b 1x4 3x6) SR: 140;
19.4;2;Sharma to Hussey, 2 runs swings it towards wide long-on and Jadeja nearly over-runs it, manages to get his left hand out to stop it;
19.3;6;Sharma to Hussey, SIX runs tossed up and Hussey chips down the track and lofts cleanly over long-on;
19.2;1;Sharma to Bailey, 1 run another drop, this was thudded hard back to Rahul's left, stuck his hand out but couldn't hang on;
19.1;?;Sharma to Bailey, no run slides it just wide of the leg stump and just misses the stumps, swing and a miss;
18.6;?;Vinay to Hussey, no run 5 off that over! The batsman makes room and fails to squeeze out a fast yorker outside off, good comeback by Vinay;
18.5;1;Vinay to Bailey, 1 run swings and gets an inside edge which trickles past the stumps down to short fine leg;
18.4;1;Vinay to Hussey, 1 run good delivery, keeps him quiet again by bowling it full outside off, he chops it to deep backward point;
18.3;1;Vinay to Bailey, 1 run oho! Bailey walks across to try and scoop it over short fine leg but he changes his mind and jabs it to Jadeja on the off side;
18.2;1;Vinay to Hussey, 1 run pulls a slower ball straight to midwicket and he has to hurry, there's a direct hit at the bowler's end by Praveen but the batsman's home;
18.1;1;Vinay to Bailey, 1 run makes room and squeezes out a yorker length ball to the off side;
17.6;?;Raina to Hussey, no run swings across the line and Dhoni whips off the bails;
17.5;1;Raina to Bailey, 1 run quicker delivery, he places it down to short third man;
17.4;4;Raina to Bailey, FOUR runs makes room to delivery wide of the off stump and he slices it wide of point, Ashwin can' cut it off at square third man;
17.3;1;Raina to Hussey, 1 run whams it down to long-off;
17.2;6;Raina to Hussey, SIX runs gives it more air and he clears the front leg and slogs him cleanly against the turn and clears deep midwicket;
17.1;2;Raina to Hussey, 2 runs sprays it full and slightly wide from round the wicket, he comes down the track and forces it to mid-off;
16.6;1;Vinay to Hussey, 1 run length delivery and he makes room and chops it down to deep point;
16.5;1;Vinay to Bailey, 1 run moves across his stumps and tries to plough it down to fine leg across the line but it goes straight to Sehwag at short fine leg;
16.4;?;Vinay to Bailey, no run makes room and chops it to the off side and Bailey sends Hussey back, the throw was wide of the stumps;
16.3;1;Vinay to Hussey, 1 run chips down the track but it's too full for him to loft, ends up dragging it down to long-on, Vinay falls and rolls on the pitch after delivery;
16.2;1;Vinay to Bailey, 1 run opens the face and dabs it down to Rahul at third man who's quite square;
16.1;1;Vinay to Hussey, 1 run bowls it close to the line of the off stump and he opens the face of the bat and steers it down to third man;
15.6;1;Raina to Hussey, 1 run pushes a flatter delivery down to long-off;
15.5;1;Raina to Bailey, 1 run gets forward and pushes it hard down to long-on;
15.4;W;Raina to Wade, OUT quicker delivery and much flatter, Wade exposes his stumps and is totally cramped for room as he tries to cut, loses his leg stump, end of a blistering knock;Matthew Wade b Raina 72 (67m 43b 5x4 3x6) SR: 167.44;
15.3;2;Raina to Wade, 2 runs fires it flat and he knocks it down to short fine leg and Sehwag misfields, too late in getting down to stop it;
15.2;1;Raina to Hussey, 1 run booming drive down the track and nearly cleans up the non-striker, down to long-off;
15.1;?;Raina to Hussey, no run comes round the wicket, he stays back and clips it to midwicket;
14.6;1;Sharma to Hussey, 1 run gets forward and squeezes it to the on side;
14.5;?;Sharma to Hussey, no run down the leg side, Dhoni fumbled with it but Hussey was safe;
14.4;6;Sharma to Hussey, SIX runs clean hit! Tossed up outside the off stump and Hussey gets his front foot forward, gets under the bounce and scoops it over long-off;
14.3;1;Sharma to Wade, 1 run full outside off and he squirts it to long-off;
14.2;?;Sharma to Wade, no run Wade goes for the slog and misses it completely, well bowled as he got the ball to skid through;
14.1;1;Sharma to Hussey, 1 run comes down the track and he chops it down to deep point;
13.6;6;Praveen to Wade, SIX runs short and he;s punished for that, Wade swivels and clubs it over deep square leg;
13.5;1;Praveen to Hussey, 1 run sees him coming down the pitch and bowls the slower ball, Hussey ends up adjusting his shot and places it to cover;
13.4;2;Praveen to Hussey, 2 runs places it wide of midwicket and the batsmen put pressure on the fielder and scamper home for two;
13.3;4;Praveen to Hussey, FOUR runs tries to cut squarer but gets an inside edge which beats Dhoni and scorches past the turf;
13.2;1;Praveen to Wade, 1 run frees his arms and mistimes the shot to long-on;
13.1;4;Praveen to Wade, FOUR runs can't call that a chance, Wade smacks a short and wide delivery and Rohit leaps at backward point and gets a finger to it, that was hit too hard;
12.6;1;Jadeja to Wade, 1 run makes room and he chops it just wide of short third man, Sehwag dives;
12.5;4;Jadeja to Wade, FOUR runs tries the same shot but it's flatter this time, he finds the arc over mid-on and midwicket and finds the gap perfectly;
12.4;6;Jadeja to Wade, SIX runs high and rows behind long-on! Tossed up on leg and he stays at the crease and lofts cleanly over the on side, that brings up his fifty as well!;
12.3;4;Jadeja to Wade, FOUR runs this is short on middle and leg, Wade was down the track and then adjusted his shot well and ended up pulling to fine leg;
12.2;1;Jadeja to Hussey, 1 run pushes a full delivery down to long-on;
12.1;1;Jadeja to Wade, 1 run;
11.6;?;Sharma to Hussey, no run skids through and he's trapped at the crease, clips it to the on side, Rahul's making them think twice about stepping down the pitch;
11.5;1;Sharma to Wade, 1 run;
11.4;1;Sharma to Hussey, 1 run stays back and chops it just wide of point, Jadeja's rushed as he gathers the ball and throws;
11.4;1w;Sharma to Hussey, 1 wide missed stumping down the leg side, Rahul floats it quick and Dhoni fumbles;
11.3;?;Sharma to Hussey, no run skids through the clips his pads but that would have missed leg;
11.2;?;Sharma to Hussey, no run slower one and Hussey swings too early, the ball clips the pads;
11.1;?;Sharma to Hussey, no run Hussey makes room and slaps it to the off side;
10.6;?;Jadeja to Wade, no run quicker delivery and he pushes it back to the bowler;
10.5;?;Jadeja to Wade, no run fuller delivery and he drives to cover;
10.4;?;Jadeja to Wade, no run;
10.3;4;Jadeja to Wade, FOUR runs quicker delivery and Wade gets his front foot forward and smacks it in the air over cover, clean hit;
10.2;1;Jadeja to Hussey, 1 run slower through the air and he pushes it through the line to long-off;
10.1;1;Jadeja to Wade, 1 run slightly short and he swivels and pulls behind square on the on side;
9.6;W;Ashwin to Birt, OUT low full toss outside the off stump, Birt makes room to try and slice it over the infield on the off side and he ends up spooning it hard to cover, sharp catch;Travis Birt c Raina b Ashwin 17 (27m 21b 1x4 1x6) SR: 80.95;
9.5;1;Ashwin to Wade, 1 run makes room and force this one to long-off;
9.4;?;Ashwin to Wade, no run tries to dig out a full delivery and Dhoni is alone in his appeal for a caught behind;
9.3;2;Ashwin to Wade, 2 runs goes back to a slightly short delivery and thumps it just wide of extra cover, the fielder in the deep mops up;
9.2;1;Ashwin to Birt, 1 run full toss and he makes room and bashes it to long-off;
9.1;1;Ashwin to Wade, 1 run too wide and the batsman has to stretch to slice that in the air past the infield;
8.6;1;Rohit Sharma to Wade, 1 run skids through and he cuts it very close to the off stumps to the off side, that would have thudded the stumps had he missed;
8.5;1;Rohit Sharma to Birt, 1 run goes back and steers it to the off side;
8.4;?;Sharma to Birt, no run Dropped He absolutely whacked that back to the bowler, tried to hammer it over the bowler but there;s blood all over, doesn't look too good I'm afraid because he may have split that webbing and it's how spinning finger. He's getting some medical attention, you have to feel for the bowler, he's off the field, would have taken great reflexes to catch that, it looks like his little finger has taken the damage;
8.3;2;Sharma to Birt, 2 runs tossed up outside off and he carves this down to the deep on the off side,, pretty much flashed at it;
8.2;4;Sharma to Birt, FOUR runs flatter delivery and he gets a thick outside edge that beats the keeper;
8.1;?;Sharma to Birt, no run Birt tries to reverse-scoop that down to third man, interesting choice of shot, missed it completely;
7.6;1;Ashwin to Birt, 1 run fullish on the pads and he squirts it to the leg side;
7.5;?;Ashwin to Birt, no run fires it flat on the blockhole and he nearly drags it onto the stumps;
7.4;?;Ashwin to Birt, no run fires it in and he squeezes it back to the bowler;
7.3;?;Ashwin to Birt, no run tries the reverse sweep and he finds backward point;
7.2;1;Ashwin to Wade, 1 run makes room and steers it hard to third man;
7.1;6;Ashwin to Wade, SIX runs heads up at wide long-on! Looked like he tried the carrom ball, he stays at the crease and swings it rows back;
6.6;1;Raina to Wade, 1 run bashes it down the pitch on the slog and just beats Raina, two fielders converge near the straight boundary and Kphli mops up, good fielding;
6.5;1;Raina to Birt, 1 run makes room and thumps it to deep point;
6.4;?;Raina to Birt, no run tries to slog sweep a flatter delivery and nearly loses his stumps in the process;
6.3;?;Raina to Birt, no run run-out chance! Birt taps it to the off side and sets off, turns back, Dhoni runs forward, gathers and throws but there's no-one at the stumps at the batsman's end;
6.2;1;Raina to Wade, 1 run makes room and biffs it on the front foot to Kohli at mid-off;
6.1;?;Raina to Wade, no run makes room and squeezes a full delivery down to cover;
5.6;?;Vinay to Birt, no run comes round the wicket, Birt makes room to a delivery angling inwards and ends up chopping it towards slip;
5.5;6;Vinay to Birt, SIX runs excellent timing, Vinay bowls length outside off and Birt lofts crisply through the line, little effort and maximum reward over long-off;
5.4;?;Vinay to Birt, no run bowls it straight and tucks him up for room, Birt decides to get behind the line and defend, good bowling;
5.3;?;Vinay to Birt, no run tries to steer this one down to third man and he's beaten all ends up;
5.2;?;Vinay to Birt, no run Birt tries to slice it away and he ends up chopping it down to the off side;
5.1;1;Vinay to Wade, 1 run a fraction short and he plays a short-arm pull down to long-on;
4.6;3;Praveen to Wade, 3 runs brilliant save by Vinay, the batsman pulls and the ball races towards the square leg rope but Vinay times his dive well and pulls it back;
4.5;1;Praveen to Birt, 1 run a bit slower this time and he knocks it just wide of mid-on;
4.4;?;Praveen to Birt, no run straight on middle and off and he clips it straight to mid-on;
4.3;3;Praveen to Wade, 3 runs cuts with more precision this time, the slower ball and he waits for it and slices it just wide of cover point, three fielders were pretty close to each other;
4.2;?;Praveen to Wade, no run cuts it hard but he fails to bisect the off side field;
4.1;2;Praveen to Wade, 2 runs full delivery on the pads and swinging in, tucked towards fine leg, not the best line to bowl;
3.6;1;Vinay to Wade, 1 run hurries on the back foot with a quick delivery and he steers it wide of point;
3.5;W;Vinay to Warner, OUT India will be relieved to see the back of Warner, he tries to scoop a full delivery over the off side, mistimes it and Raina moves backwards at extra cover and cups the skier;David Warner c Raina b Vinay Kumar 25 (16m 14b 1x4 2x6) SR: 178.57;
3.4;1;Vinay to Wade, 1 run slashing at everything, wide outside off and he whacks it off the toe of the bat down to third man;
3.4;1w;Vinay to Wade, 1 wide too wide for the left-hander, Wade nearly fell over the crease as he tried chasing that;
3.3;3;Vinay to Warner, 3 runs not the most attractive of shots, makes room and carves it over backward point, Jadeja does really well to chase and pull it back;
3.2;2;Vinay to Warner, 2 runs;
3.1;3;Vinay to Wade, 3 runs short and he slaps it over cover point, there was some steep bounce there and Wade didn't time it as well as he would have liked;
2.6;2;Ashwin to Warner, 2 runs appeal for a run-out, he tucks it towards midwicket and in coming back for the second run scampers to make his ground, the throw was to the bowler, didn't quite gather the ball cleanly, third umpire takes a look;
2.5;6;Ashwin to Warner, SIX runs Ashwin stops at the crease jusgt before delivery, doesn't confuse Warner as he gets on his knee and lofts over the sight-screen;
2.4;4;Ashwin to Warner, FOUR runs low full toss outside off and he times this one well and sends it scurrying past point;
2.3;6;Ashwin to Warner, SIX runs switch hit! Unbelievable! Takes it from outside the left-handers leg stump, switches his guard completely, and clears deep extra cover, several rows back, 100 meters #Unreal;
2.2;?;Ashwin to Warner, no run Warner wanted to go over the on side but ended up flat-batting it towards mid-off;
2.1;1;Ashwin to Wade, 1 run squeezes it out towards mid-off and he scampers the single, bit of hesitation;
1.6;1;Praveen to Wade, 1 run swings in from middle to off and he shuffles and tucks it to square leg;
1.5;?;Praveen to Wade, no run Wade struggles with the away swing and he awkwardly pushes it to cover;
1.4;4;Praveen to Wade, FOUR runs not convincing, late away swing and it takes the outside edge which beats slip, Rahul dives in vain at third man;
1.3;1;Praveen to Warner, 1 run inswing this time and he works it to midwicket;
1.2;?;Praveen to Warner, no run away swing this time and he angles it to Jadeja at point, Jadeja has had a haircut, just to let you know;
1.1;1;Praveen to Wade, 1 run gets some late inswing but it drifts towards the body and he works it behind square on the on side;
0.6;1;Ashwin to Wade, 1 run flatter one and he pushes it towards mid-on, good start by Ashwin;
0.5;?;Ashwin to Wade, no run waits for it and and steers it to the off side, thinks of a run;
0.4;1;Ashwin to Warner, 1 run slower through the air, rocks back and clips it to deep midwicket;
0.3;?;Ashwin to Warner, no run quicker delivery and it forces him forward to drive to the off side;
0.2;?;Ashwin to Warner, no run little bit of turn and he tucks it to the leg side;
0.1;?;Ashwin to Warner, no run Ashwin gets good drift from round the wicket, inside edge onto the pads;

7.28: The stands are filling up. Just remembered the last time these two teams played a T20 in Australia. Lee's yorker to Tiwary sticks out. Lee's playing today. Tiwary's the 12th man.
I am indeed colour blind. Australia are wearing dark green.
7.25pm: The covers are coming off. Looks like play will start on time after all.
I've also been told that all ticket-holders get a free ride on the train, as the venue is 40 minutes from the city. It was quite a squeeze on those rails.
Kalpesh: 'Vinay Kumar selection continues to baffle. No pace, no variation nor he is the most accurate bowler going around." Just seen a few mails asking why Irfan was left out. Wish we knew.
Interesting that Bailey's also making his T20 debut today. If Australia can give their captain a win, they can celebrate with a bottle of Irish Cream.
7.15: Apparently there's a drizzle doing the rounds in Sydney. The covers are on.
Toss gets underway. Mark Nicholas does a 'walk the talk' with Dhoni and Bailey on the way to the pitch #NoLettingUp. Australia are wearing what looks like navy blue, unless I'm colour blind.
India are bowling first. Bailey says he would have batted first anyway. Xavier Doherty and James Faulkner, who bowls left-arm seam, will debut along with himself.
The teams will be updated up there shortly. Rahul Sharma, the leg spinner, debut for India. Vinay plays. No Irfan. No Tendulkar too, of course.
6.55pm: As we wait let's run over the two squads. This looks more like India v BBL Combined. David Warner and Shaun Marsh are the only two faces from the Test squad. Brad Hogg, all of 40, has shown the T20 can be an old man's party as well, but if you'd seen footage of him during the BBL. you'd be forgiven for thinking he's 21.
Dhaval: "I feel Sachin should play today. He needs time at the crease. The more he plays, the better he will feel for the ODIs."
We'll find out soon. In the meantime, you can read the preview by Brydon Coverdale.
Pitch and weather: The experts reckon there will be uneven bounce on this drop-in pitch. As I said earlier, it's overcast but no rain at the moment.
The stands should fill up real soon, given it's now nearing the end of working hours. One of the local newspapers ran a big spread on ANZ v SCG. Competition seems to be brewing on which is the more favoured venue in Sydney. Stadium Australia has a magnificent capacity, but I'd pick SCG any day for Tests and ODIs. Not that I've been there though.
6.30pm: Time for the teams now to swap whites for colours. Welcome everyone to the first Twenty20 international between Australia and India. It's in Sydney but not at the SCG. Cricket welcomes its latest international venue, Stadium Australia, which was built for the 2000 Olympics. This is the 51st international ground to host a T20 international.
Over a year ago, another new venue, Durban's Moses Mabhida Stadium, built for the football World Cup, hosted its first T20 game. India won that, so the battered tourists will hope fortune falls on their favour again.
The toss is around 7pm. Now, earlier today, Australia Women and New Zealand Women played a T20 at this ground as a curtain-raiser for the bigger draw tonight and it was a low-scoring one. Rain curtailed it to 18 overs a side and Australia managed 92. New Zealand chased it down comfortably.
It's still cloudy but nothing to worry about.
 Innings Start
Time for the presentation. Wade if the Man of the Match: "Mickey Arthur told me yesterday that I would be opening. No point competing with Warner, he's the best hitter in the game. The spinners really took the game away from India."
Dhoni: "There is a tomorrow. Wade batted really well. We could not capitalise. We thought it would rain in the second innings in Melbourne."
Bailey: "I didn't know you get a trophy after every game. Our fielding and bowling was outstanding. There's a great feeling around Australian cricket at the moment."
The teams head to Melbourne for the second and final T20, on Friday. We'll see you then. Thanks for your company. Cheers!
End of match: So Australia, under their new captain, can celebrate this win with that bottle of Irish cream. Same old story for India. Positives? They didn't get bowled out for a change. This was their lowest margin of defeat.
Jokes aside, Australia were relentless in the field. They took their catches and barely let anything slip between them. Dhoni looked dangerous with some of those shots he played down the ground but he needed to dent Australia's psyche with successive boundaries, just to make things interesting.
The presentation should happen any time soon. Matthew Wade's Australia's biggest positive from this game.
19.6;2;Doherty to Dhoni, 2 runs low full toss outside the off stump and he scoops it to wide long-off;
19.5;1;Doherty to Ashwin, 1 run on the blockhole and he squirts it out to mid-on;
19.4;?;Doherty to Ashwin, no run tries to paddle it to fine leg and misses;
19.3;?;Doherty to Ashwin, no run squeezes out a yorker back to the bowler;
19.2;1;Doherty to Dhoni, 1 run low full toss and he forces it to long-off;
19.1;1;Doherty to Ashwin, 1 run makes room and he pushes it to long-on;
19.1;1w;Doherty to Ashwin, 1 wide;
18.6;6;Lee to Dhoni, SIX runs carbon copy of Dhoni's six to seal the World Cup, different scenario now, over long-on;
18.5;?;Lee to Dhoni, no run it's a bird! It's a plane! No, it's a bat! It was always going to happen, Dhoni swings like there's no tomorrow and the bat lands somewhere near square leg, Lee was appealing for a caught behind but everybody was only gazing at the wooden flying machine;
18.4;?;Lee to Dhoni, no run swings him to midwicket with one arm, sends Ashwin back and Lee breaks the stumps but he failed to gather the ball;
18.4;1w;Lee to Dhoni, 1 wide Lee bowls to first slip again, funny old game for Lee;
18.3;2;Lee to Dhoni, 2 runs on the blockhole outside off and Dhoni swings again, it flies off the toe of the bat down to long-off and he swivels at the crease with the momentum;
18.2;?;Lee to Dhoni, no run on the blockhole outside the off stump and Dhoni swings and misses, it's a wonder how the bat didn't fly away;
18.1;1;Lee to Ashwin, 1 run full delivery on the off stump and he squeezes it out to mid-on;
17.6;1;Doherty to Ashwin, 1 run full and straight and he takes a single to long-on, end of a very good over;
17.5;1;Doherty to Dhoni, 1 run full and wide outside the off stump and he chases it and places it to sweeper cover;
17.4;1;Doherty to Ashwin, 1 run low full toss and he pushes it down the track to long-on;
17.3;1;Doherty to Dhoni, 1 run sprays it full and wide and he reaches out and squirts it out to the off side;
17.2;1;Doherty to Ashwin, 1 run comes down the track and forces a single to long-on;
17.1;?;Doherty to Ashwin, no run comes down the track and he checks his shot and plays it softly;
16.6;6;Faulkner to Dhoni, SIX runs amazing bat speed! He picks a fractionally short delivery from outside off and clubs him over deep midwicket, all power;
16.5;?;Faulkner to Dhoni, no run doesn't pick the slower delivery and he swivels and tries to pull, the ball hits his pads and dribbles away;
16.4;1;Faulkner to Ashwin, 1 run full outside off and he squirts it out to long-off;
16.3;1;Faulkner to Dhoni, 1 run uses the crease and thumps it through the line down to long-off;
16.2;1;Faulkner to Ashwin, 1 run full outside the off stump and he gets across and taps it to point;
16.1;?;Faulkner to Ashwin, no run Ashwin goes right across his stumps to paddle it down to fine leg but the slower ball defeats him, he should give Dhoni the strike;
15.6;?;Christian to Dhoni, no run ends the over with a dot ball as he pushes it down the track, a better over for India nevertheless;
15.5;1lb;Christian to Ashwin, 1 leg bye clips his pads and rolls to the on side as he tries to flick it away;
15.4;1;Christian to Dhoni, 1 run stays back and tucks it with the angle to the on side;
15.3;4;Christian to Dhoni, FOUR runs take that! Christian bowls the slower ball and Dhoni picks that from the crease, fetches it from outside off and clubs it down to long-on, the fielder had no chance;
15.2;?;Christian to Dhoni, no run pushes it softly back to the bowler, tucked for room;
15.1;2;Christian to Dhoni, 2 runs tucks him down to deep midwicket for a couple;
15.1;7nb;Christian to Dhoni, (no ball) SIX runs Christian errs by bowling a full toss just above the waist height, Dhoni picks it early and clubs him over square leg, it's called a no-ball as well;
14.6;2;Hogg to Ashwin, 2 runs chips down the wicket and lofts him over wide mid-off, Hussey runs across and cuts it off,,Australia have been superb on the field;
14.5;4;Hogg to Ashwin, FOUR runs Ashwin chips down the track and neatly clubs him with the turn over midwicket, clean strike;
14.4;1;Hogg to Dhoni, 1 run gets forward and pushes a single to cover;
14.3;?;Hogg to Dhoni, no run sharp turn inwards and Dhoni's caught unawares slightly and manages to defend;
14.2;1;Hogg to Ashwin, 1 run chips down the track and pushes it towards mid-off;
14.1;1;Hogg to Dhoni, 1 run pitches outside leg and hits his pads and rolls away;
13.6;1;Christian to Dhoni, 1 run;
13.5;2;Christian to Dhoni, 2 runs tucks it towards midwicket and they take the first one hard, they throw to the wrong end;
13.4;2;Christian to Dhoni, 2 runs slaps a wide delivery outside off and beats point, Lee does brilliantly to slide and cut it off just in front of the rope;
13.3;W;Christian to Jadeja, OUT another poor shot! Slower ball from round the wicket, Jadeja tries to loft him over the off side, miscues it and Warner runs forward from long-off and judges it well;Ravindra Jadeja c Warner b Christian 7 (9m 8b 1x4 0x6) SR: 87.5;
13.2;?;Christian to Jadeja, no run fuller delivery and he pushes it back to the bowler;
13.1;4;Christian to Jadeja, FOUR runs any boundary is like a mirage for India, exquisite timing, Jadeja opens the face and times it well and beats the gap at extra cover, beats the fielders;
12.6;1;Lee to Jadeja, 1 run stays back at the crease and tucks it towards square leg;
12.5;?;Lee to Jadeja, no run stays back and steers it towards point;
12.4;1;Lee to Dhoni, 1 run tucks it with soft hands towards mid-on and scampers the single, excellent fielding and back-hand flick by the fielder;
12.4;1w;Lee to Dhoni, 1 wide sprays it really wide outside off, he was bowling to an imaginary first slip;
12.3;?;Lee to Dhoni, no run Full and wide and Dhoni can only squirt it straight to mid-off, he really had to stretch;
12.2;1;Lee to Jadeja, 1 run angles across him and he dabs it to the off side;
12.1;?;Lee to Jadeja, no run the slower ball and Jadeja swings at thin air, the ball kept a bit low;
11.6;?;Christian to Dhoni, no run once again Dhoni cramped for room, he can only push it down the track;
11.5;?;Christian to Dhoni, no run nips it back in and Dhoni taps it back down the track;
11.4;1;Christian to Jadeja, 1 run could have been six down! Dabbed it to the off side and set off for a single which was never there, the fielder's under-arm flick was wide at the batsman's end;
11.3;W;Christian to Raina, OUT not too sure where Raina was trying to hit that, he made room to a delivery angling across him from over the wicket, tried to swing him across the line instead of going over the off side, inside edge crashes onto the stumps;Suresh Raina b Christian 14 (23m 15b 1x4 0x6) SR: 93.33;
11.2;1;Christian to Dhoni, 1 run swings it inwards and he gets forward and taps it to the off side;
11.1;1;Christian to Raina, 1 run short down the leg side and Raina swivels and pulls to fine leg, he controlled the shot;
10.6;?;Hogg to Dhoni, no run turns and bounces and beats him, Dhoni truly foxed;
10.5;?;Hogg to Dhoni, no run driven straight to extra cover;
10.4;1;Hogg to Raina, 1 run excellent fielding! Phew, Raina clubs a full toss down the ground and Hussey runs to his left at long-on and nearly pulls off a blinder on the dive, he saves a boundary though;
10.3;1;Hogg to Dhoni, 1 run;
10.2;1;Hogg to Raina, 1 run stays back and cuts it to point;
10.1;1;Hogg to Dhoni, 1 run full on middle and leg and he places it to midwicket;
9.6;4;Doherty to Raina, FOUR runs low full toss down leg and he whams it down the leg side and down to fine leg, poor ball and punished;
9.5;1;Doherty to Dhoni, 1 run low full toss and he places it down to sweeper cover;
9.4;1;Doherty to Raina, 1 run gets on his knee and thumps it past the non-striker and down to long-off;
9.3;1;Doherty to Dhoni, 1 run drifts inwards and he clips him towards midwicket;
9.2;?;Doherty to Dhoni, no run turns and skids, Dhoni can only tap it to the off side;
9.1;1;Doherty to Raina, 1 run comes down the track and takes a single to long-0n;
8.6;1;Hogg to Raina, 1 run pushes a single down to mid-off;
8.5;2;Hogg to Raina, 2 runs spins it back in and Raina is cramped up, the ball clips his pads and then hits the bat and rolls to third man, Hogg appeals but that was missing off;
8.4;?;Hogg to Raina, no run goes back and cuts him down to point;
8.3;1;Hogg to Dhoni, 1 run stays at the crease, waits for the turn and cuts just wide of point;
8.2;?;Hogg to Dhoni, no run gets forward and clips it straight to midwicket;
8.1;?;Hogg to Dhoni, no run comes forward and gets a leading edge to the off side;
7.6;?;Hussey to Raina, no run flatter delivery and Raina comes forward and defends, the fall of wickets has halted India's plan of accelerating;
7.5;1;Hussey to Dhoni, 1 run flatter delivery and he pushes it to long-on;
7.4;?;Hussey to Dhoni, no run skids through outside off and Dhoni nearly edges it as he tries to cut;
7.3;?;Hussey to Dhoni, no run;
7.2;?;Hussey to Dhoni, no run full on the stumps and he clips it to mid-on;
7.1;W;Hussey to Rohit Sharma, OUT Rohit falls first ball! Hussey bowls from round the wicket, bowls it flat and quick, lands on middle, spins towards the pads, he tries to tuck it but leaves a gap, the ball deflects off his pads and onto the stumps;Rohit Sharma b Hussey 0 (2m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
6.6;?;Hogg to Raina, no run tucks it off the front foot and the fielder at mid-on does well to slide and cut it off;
6.5;?;Hogg to Raina, no run defended on the front foot, Raina playing safe after the fall of the wicket;
6.4;W;Hogg to Kohli, OUT Warner takes it at the edge of long-on! Hogg drops it a bit short and Kohli stays back and pulls, he realises instantly that he may not have got the required distance, Warner jogs back at long-on and doesn't have to look back, Hogg takes a wicket in his first over in his comeback;Virat Kohli c Warner b Hogg 22 (30m 21b 0x4 1x6) SR: 104.76;
6.3;1;Hogg to Raina, 1 run;
6.2;1;Hogg to Kohli, 1 run tossed up on middle and leg and he clips it towards midwicket;
6.1;2;Hogg to Kohli, 2 runs drops it short and he thumps it down to long-on, Warner throws it over the keeper's head and they take the overthrow;
5.6;1;Hussey to Kohli, 1 run stays back and tucks it down to deep midwicket;
5.5;?;Hussey to Kohli, no run continues round the wicket to the right-hander, Kohli tries to run it down the off side but misses;
5.4;1;Hussey to Raina, 1 run slides towards his body and he tucks it to the on side;
5.3;W;Hussey to Gambhir, OUT soft dismissal! Extra flight from Hussey, Gambhir makes a bit of room to carve it with the turn over the infield on the off side but he scoops it inside out to Marsh at cover;Gautam Gambhir c Marsh b Hussey 20 (27m 14b 3x4 0x6) SR: 142.85;
5.2;1;Hussey to Kohli, 1 run tucks it towards short square leg and he takes a single;
5.1;?;Hussey to Kohli, no run round the wicket, shapes to cut but misses;
4.6;1;Christian to Kohli, 1 run stays back and clips it down to midwicket;
4.5;1;Christian to Gambhir, 1 run gives him width and he slices it to the off side, point slides and rebounds it to gully;
4.4;1;Christian to Kohli, 1 run full on middle and off and he clips it elegantly towards deep midwicket;
4.3;1;Christian to Gambhir, 1 run very wide of the off stump but Gambhir chases it but can't beat backward point, packed off-sid field there;
4.2;4;Christian to Gambhir, FOUR runs Gambhir makes room to a delivery swinging away and carves it over extra cover, just manages to find the boundary;
4.1;1;Christian to Kohli, 1 run chips down the track and mistimes it down to deep square leg;
3.6;4;Faulkner to Gambhir, FOUR runs poor delivery and he punishes him for it, low full toss outside the off stump, he closes the face of the bat slightly and ensures he times the flick well past mid-on;
3.5;1;Faulkner to Kohli, 1 run excellent running by Kohli, he clips it in front of mid-on and puts pressure on the fielder;
3.4;1;Faulkner to Gambhir, 1 run short and wide and he reaches out and steers it to third man;
3.3;1;Faulkner to Kohli, 1 run he picks a slower delivery from outside the off stump and mistimes the pull to the on side;
3.2;1;Faulkner to Gambhir, 1 run clips it to the on side and they rotate the strike well;
3.1;1;Faulkner to Kohli, 1 run good running again, he squeezes out a yorker swinging in late to the off side and sets off for a quick single;
2.6;1;Lee to Kohli, 1 run a bit wide outside off and he punches it wide of mid-off;
2.5;6;Lee to Kohli, SIX runs shot of intent from Kohli! Makes a hint of room and takes a pace down the pitch, gets under the bounce and lofts cleanly over long-on;
2.4;1;Lee to Gambhir, 1 run cramps him for room but Gambhir softly taps it to the off side and takes a single, well done by the batsman;
2.3;1lb;Lee to Kohli, 1 leg bye shuffles and tries to knock it to the on side again but the ball clips his hips and rolls aweay;
2.2;2;Lee to Kohli, 2 runs elegantly flicked away behind square on the on side, sign of a batsman in form;
2.2;1w;Lee to Kohli, 1 wide down the leg side again and Kohli glances at the umpire, wide called this time;
2.1;?;Lee to Kohli, no run Lee slides that one down the leg side and don't ask me why this wasn't given a wide!;
1.6;?;Doherty to Gambhir, no run down the leg side and he sweeps and Gambhir's a bit surprised that wasn't given a wide;
1.5;1;Doherty to Kohli, 1 run stays back and clips it against the turn to the on side and he has to scamper the single;
1.4;?;Doherty to Kohli, no run turns and skids, Doherty posing some questions here, Kohli cuts;
1.3;1;Doherty to Gambhir, 1 run stays back and pulls to square leg;
1.2;2;Doherty to Gambhir, 2 runs gets down the track and lofts him over midwicket, couldn't find the boundary;
1.1;?;Doherty to Gambhir, no run gets good turn, forces Gambhir is forced to adjust and cut it to short third man;
0.6;1lb;Lee to Gambhir, 1 leg bye nudges it off the hips down to short fine leg and they set off for a quick single;
0.5;4;Lee to Gambhir, FOUR runs that was well played, Gambhir gets width outside the off stump and he punches it neatly and bisects the gap at cover point, pierces the gaps between the fielders;
0.4;1;Lee to Kohli, 1 run shuffles and he clips it towards square leg to get off the mark;
0.3;W;Lee to Sehwag, OUT didn't take Australia too long to strike! Sehwag completely squared up outside the off stump, pacy delivery and he gets a thick leading edge that lobs to Hussey at first slip, Sehwag tries to work that to the on side;Virender Sehwag c Hussey b Lee 4 (2m 3b 1x4 0x6) SR: 133.33;
0.2;4;Lee to Sehwag, FOUR runs too wide of the off stump and Sehwag reaches out and slaps it hard past point, typical Sehwag;
0.1;?;Lee to Sehwag, no run spoons it towards mid-off but it drops short of the fielder;
0.1;2w;Lee to Gambhir, 2 wide that was wide! Of Harmison proportions, goes all the way towards first slip and rolls away;

The ground is enveloped with smoke from the fireworks. What if it doesn't clear soon enough?! In the haze, Brett Lee gets ready to bowl
 Innings Start
Australia
India
1st T20I (N), Sydney, Feb 1 2012, India tour of Australia
171/4
140/6
Player of the match is Matthew Wade, AUS
Australia won by 31 runs
