Data
1.50pm Phew, that was quick. 85: The lowest score in home Tests that Australia have been dismissed for in 32 years. SA needed just 197 balls to wipe out Australia under cloudy skies on a helpful surface. Only two Australian batsmen managed double-figures - Mennie and Smith. The captain was ultimately left stranded on 48. Who would have thought SA would be batting well before tea?
32.5;W;Philander to Lyon, OUT what a catch. De Kock flies to his right and pouches the edge in front of first slip. Australia routed for 85 in only 197 balls. Full and outside off, Lyon flashes a drive and sends an outside edge behind. It seemed to be travelling to Amla until the wicketkeeper took flight. Philander finishes with 5 for 21;Nathan Lyon c ?de Kock b Philander 2 (7m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 28.57;
32.4;?;Philander to Lyon, no run back of a length and outside off, punched down the ground;
32.3;?;Philander to Lyon, no run Philander goes up for an lbw appeal, not given by umpire. SA don't have any reviews left. Good length and seams back in off the surface, like a fast offbreak, Lyon plays across and falls over. The ball strikes the back pad, the tracker shows it was climbing over the stumps;
32.2;?;Philander to Lyon, no run back of a length and seams away, pushed to point off the outside half;
32.1;?;Philander to Lyon, no run short and just a shade outside off, stands tall and punches back to Philander;
31.6;1;Abbott to Lyon, 1 run good length, incoming delivery, dabbed to mid-on. And Steven Smith takes the single;
31.5;3;Abbott to Smith, 3 runs back of a length and outside off, Smith unleashes a back-foot punch and sends it to the left of extra cover. Smith hares across for the third. Lyon hesitates, hesitates, and then responds. He pulls off a desperate dive. There was no direct hit either;
31.4;4;Abbott to Smith, FOUR runs dug short and outside off, Smith rocks back and pulls it firmly to mid-on's right;
31.3;1;Abbott to Lyon, 1 run good length on off, hangs back and defends in front of mid-on;
31.2;W;Abbott to Hazlewood, OUT Amla dives full-length to his right and latches onto the edge. The collapse is now in fast-forward mode. Good length and slanting across off, Hazlewood is pinned to the crease, as he jabs away from the body and nicks it behind to first slip. Come on, Abbott, bring out the oh my Broad expression again....;Josh Hazlewood c Amla b Abbott 8 (8m 7b 2x4 0x6) SR: 114.28;
31.1;1;Abbott to Smith, 1 run back of a length and just a shade outside off, cramps him for room. Smith checks his cut/punch, and skews it back to the bowler;
30.6;4;Philander to Hazlewood, FOUR runs good length and outside off, punchily driven to mid-off's left;
30.5;?;Philander to Hazlewood, no run good length and angled in, defended to point off the face;
30.4;4;Philander to Hazlewood, FOUR runs back of a length and width outside off, rare bad ball from SA. Slapped away to the right of point;
30.3;?;Philander to Hazlewood, no run back of a length on off, stands tall and punches it down to mid-off;
30.2;1;Philander to Smith, 1 run full and snakes back in, Smith aims to drive, the inward movement takes the inside edge and squirts through square leg;
30.1;?;Philander to Smith, no run good length and outside off, no shot offered;
29.6;?;Abbott to Hazlewood, no run good length on off, defended from the crease;
29.5;?;Abbott to Hazlewood, no run back of a length and outside off, left alone;
29.4;W;Abbott to Starc, OUT Terrific catch from Duminy. Australia subside to 8 for 66. Abbott nearly pulls off the Oh my Broad expression. Is it Trent Bride all over again? Good length and outside off, Starc looks to drive away from the body with hard hands and edges it. It flies to the right of gully. Duminy throws himself to his right, full-stretch dive, and pulls off a stunner;Mitchell Starc c Duminy b Abbott 4 (5m 6b 1x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
29.3;4;Abbott to Starc, FOUR runs good length and outside off, not a half-volley, eases forward and creams a drive to mid-off's right. Confident stroke;
29.2;?;Abbott to Starc, no run;
29.1;3;Abbott to Smith, 3 runs very full on off, Smith lunges forward and drives it sweetly through mid-on for three;
28.6;?;Philander to Starc, no run good length and outside off, Starc eyes a booming drive away from the body and is beaten lavishly;
28.5;?;Philander to Starc, no run back of a length and outside off, punched to extra cover;
28.4;?;Philander to Starc, no run back of a length and comes in to rap the pad, Starc plays across but this was heading down leg;
28.3;W;Philander to Mennie, OUT Philander comes back and bursts through the gate of Mennie. The off stump is knocked back. Good length and this jags back in enough to shoot through the bat-pad gap. Mennie plays outside the line of it, and pays the penalty. Australia 7 for 59;Joe Mennie b Philander 10 (31m 22b 2x4 0x6) SR: 45.45;
28.2;?;Philander to Mennie, no run back of a length, kicks up, and seams away outside off, whistling past the groping bat;
28.1;1;Philander to Smith, 1 run back of a length on middle, shuffles across and turns the ball to midwicket;
27.6;?;Abbott to Mennie, no run good length on off, played back to the bowler with a dead-straight bat;
27.5;?;Abbott to Mennie, no run full on the stumps, defended to the covers on the front foot;
27.4;?;Abbott to Mennie, no run Mennie weathers an lbw appeal, Faf calls for a review.. Good length, swerves back in to strike the pad. No signs of an inside edge according to hotspot. HawkEye shows it was bouncing over the stumps. SA have exhausted their reviews. Good call from umpire Kettleborough;
27.3;?;Abbott to Mennie, no run good length on middle, presses forward and defends solidly to extra cover;
27.2;?;Abbott to Mennie, no run good length, pitches outside off and moves away further. Left alone;
27.1;?;Abbott to Mennie, no run good length and holds its line outside off, left alone;
26.6;2;Philander to Smith, 2 runs too straight in line, shuffles across and clips it wristily to the right of square leg;
26.5;?;Philander to Smith, no run good length on off, ventures forward and across, pats it to mid-on;
26.4;2;Philander to Smith, 2 runs short and wide outside off, Smith flashes a cut to backward point. Think Bavuma was undone by the the bad bounce ethere;
26.3;4;Philander to Smith, FOUR runs back of a length and outside off, Smith rises on top of the bounce and punches it glorious to the left of extra cover. The ball skips away to the fence;
26.2;?;Philander to Smith, no run good length and angled in on off, Smith bunts to mid-on;
26.1;?;Philander to Smith, no run good length and slanting down leg, belatedly left alone;
25.6;1;Abbott to Smith, 1 run too full now on middle and leg, clipped away to mid-on. Australia reach 50;
25.5;2;Abbott to Smith, 2 runs full on off, not a drive-able length, Smith, batting outside the crease, is squared up as he slices an outside edge to the right of point;
25.4;?;Abbott to Smith, no run too full on off, whippy drive to mid-on;
25.3;4;Abbott to Smith, FOUR runs errs in length, too full and outside off, Smith pushes forward and meets it with a straight bat, driving handsomely to the right of mid-off;
25.2;?;Abbott to Smith, no run good length and outside off, ignored;
25.1;?;Abbott to Smith, no run good length and seams in on off, Smith jams an inside edge onto the pad;
24.6;2;Rabada to Mennie, 2 runs Mennie becomes the second Australian to reach double-figures, after Smith. 142.2ks yorker, tails in sharply, jams his bat down and inside-edges the ball to the left of short leg;
24.5;?;Rabada to Mennie, no run full on a set of stumps outside off again, Mennie simply watches it through to the keeper;
24.4;?;Rabada to Mennie, no run full on a set of stumps outside off, left alone;
24.3;?;Rabada to Mennie, no run another lifter from Rabada, pushes the batsman back. Mennie has his eyes locked on the ball before ducking under it;
24.2;?;Rabada to Mennie, no run good length and angled in, Mennie reads the length well. Presses forward and taps it back to the bowler. He is concentrating;
24.1;?;Rabada to Mennie, no run first proper bouncer of the match. Banged outside off, the debutant ducks under it;
23.6;?;Maharaj to Smith, no run wide of the crease, drifts in on off, defended back off the inside half;
23.5;?;Maharaj to Smith, no run straight delivery on middle, played back to the bowler;
23.4;?;Maharaj to Smith, no run angled in on off, no turn, pushed back to the bowler;
23.3;?;Maharaj to Smith, no run tossed up higher on off, played back to the bowler;
23.2;?;Maharaj to Smith, no run too full on middle and leg, whipped stylishly to midwicket;
23.1;?;Maharaj to Smith, no run tossed up on off, no turn, defended stoutly;
22.6;?;Rabada to Mennie, no run wide of the crease, angled into the leg stump, misses the flick;
22.5;4;Rabada to Mennie, FOUR runs errs in length, overshoots this full ball outside off. Bends forward and laces a square-drive to point's right;
22.4;1;Rabada to Smith, 1 run full on off stump, Smith is squared up a bit as he pokes an outside edge to extra cover;
22.3;?;Rabada to Smith, no run back of a length on a fourth-stump line, Smith shuffles across in defence;
22.2;?;Rabada to Smith, no run back of a length and angled in, inside-edged onto the pad;
22.1;?;Rabada to Smith, no run short and outside off, left alone;
21.6;?;Maharaj to Mennie, no run floated up on off, no turn, dabbed back to Maharaj;
21.5;1;Maharaj to Smith, 1 run shorter on off, whipped from off stump to midwicket's right;
21.4;?;Maharaj to Smith, no run flatter and skids on off, defended to Maharaj's left on the back foot;
21.3;?;Maharaj to Smith, no run tossed on off, defended;
21.2;?;Maharaj to Smith, no run flighted and outside off, front-foot drive to mid-off;
21.1;?;Maharaj to Smith, no run full and angled into the pads, tucked to square leg;
20.6;?;Rabada to Mennie, no run yorker, tails in on off, jams his bat down and squirts an inside-edge onto the pad;
20.5;?;Rabada to Mennie, no run good length on off, presses forward and blocks to extra cover;
20.4;?;Rabada to Mennie, no run back of a length on the stumps, defended;
20.3;4;Rabada to Mennie, FOUR runs overpitched on middle, Mennie leans into a lovely on-drive, beating mid-on to his left;
20.2;?;Rabada to Mennie, no run full and outside off, holds its line and beats the outside edge;
20.1;W;Rabada to Nevill, OUT an appeal for lbw, umpire Dar shakes his head. SA challenge the on-field call. Was it doing too much? No signs of an inside edge on Hotspot and snicko. Impact in line and hitting a good chunk of leg stump. 50% of the ball was hitting leg. Rabada says "close". Five-star review from Faf, leaves Australia at 6 for 31. Full and angled in on middle, the batsman plays across his front pad and falls over;Peter Nevill lbw b Rabada 3 (29m 25b 0x4 0x6) SR: 12;
19.6;?;Maharaj to Smith, no run Maharaj now throws himself to his left to intercept this drive from Smith. This was nicely tossed on the stumps;
19.5;?;Maharaj to Smith, no run loops it up on off, invites the drive. Smith presses forward and drives crisply along the ground, mid-on throws himself to his left to stop the ball;
19.4;?;Maharaj to Smith, no run wide of the crease, angled in on off, blocked back to Maharaj again;
19.3;?;Maharaj to Smith, no run looped up on off, non-turning ball, played to the left of the bowler;
19.2;?;Maharaj to Smith, no run too full on middle and leg, turned to short leg on the back foot;
19.1;?;Maharaj to Smith, no run tossed up and drifts in, defended from the crease;
18.6;?;Abbott to Nevill, no run good length, hint of away movement, Nevill does not chase it;
18.5;?;Abbott to Nevill, no run full and straying onto the pads, played across to short leg on the bounce. Bavuma takes it on his right shin;
18.4;?;Abbott to Nevill, no run full and outside off, no shot offered;
18.3;?;Abbott to Nevill, no run good length and seams in, Nevill stretches forward to defend. Plays away from the body and squirts an inside edge to midwicket;
18.2;?;Abbott to Nevill, no run full and outside off, presses forward and square-drives it to point;
18.1;?;Abbott to Nevill, no run good length and outside off, left alone;
17.6;1;Maharaj to Nevill, 1 run shortish on off, goes back and late-cuts it to the right of slip;
17.5;?;Maharaj to Nevill, no run good length and holds its line on off, played back to the bowler;
17.4;?;Maharaj to Nevill, no run skips out of the crease, takes a full-toss and whips to midwicket;
17.3;?;Maharaj to Nevill, no run turn and bounce now. Good length, pitches outside off, and breaks away past the defensive poke;
17.2;?;Maharaj to Nevill, no run turn for Maharaj. Good length on off, drifts in, and turns away, defended in front of his feet;
17.1;?;Maharaj to Nevill, no run full and angled in on off, defended stoutly with a straight bat;
16.6;?;Abbott to Smith, no run left alone outside off again;
16.5;?;Abbott to Smith, no run full and just a shade outside off, no lateral movement, ignored;
16.4;?;Abbott to Smith, no run full on a fourth-stump line, presses forward and plays it back to the bowler;
16.3;?;Abbott to Smith, no run good length and angled in on off, shuffles across and turns the ball more or less straight to square leg;
16.2;4;Abbott to Smith, FOUR runs flowy drive, shot of the morning so far. Overpitched and outside off, Smith leans into the drive and caresses it to the left of extra cover;
16.1;?;Abbott to Smith, no run good length and outside off, Smith covers his off stump and lets it pass;
15.6;?;Rabada to Nevill, no run back of a length on off, blunted in front of mid-on;
15.5;?;Rabada to Nevill, no run back of a length and comes in on stump, defended with soft hands to short leg;
15.4;?;Rabada to Nevill, no run back of a length and angled in on off, hangs back and defends it back to the bowler;
15.3;?;Rabada to Nevill, no run good length and angled in on off, Nevill plays back and drops it to extra cover;
15.2;3;Rabada to Smith, 3 runs a bit too full and outside off, Smith presses forward, gets close to the pitch, and punchily drives it through the covers;
15.1;2;Rabada to Smith, 2 runs too full and straight, serene on-drive for a couple of runs, Maharaj chases the ball and keeps it to two;
14.6;?;Abbott to Nevill, no run good length and angled in on off, pushed to mid-on on the back foot;
14.5;?;Abbott to Nevill, no run bounces over off and middle stumps. Good length and seams back in off the surface, another tight leave. This ball is zipping around in Hobart;
14.4;1;Abbott to Smith, 1 run Smith shuffles across off and flicks this incoming ball down to fine leg;
14.3;?;Abbott to Smith, no run good length on off, plonks his front foot forward and pats it to gully;
14.2;?;Abbott to Smith, no run full and curls in on off stump, hangs back and clips to midwicket;
14.1;?;Abbott to Smith, no run good length and outside off, jabbed to gully with hard hands;
13.6;?;Rabada to Nevill, no run full on the stumps, defended;
13.5;1lb;Rabada to Smith, 1 leg bye good length and tails in, Smith, standing outside leg, shuffles across, and aims a flick. The ball takes the thigh and rolls behind square;
13.4;1;Rabada to Nevill, 1 run sliding into the pads, flicked away behind square on the leg side;
13.3;?;Rabada to Nevill, no run;
13.2;?;Rabada to Nevill, no run;
13.1;?;Rabada to Nevill, no run full on middle, plays across the line and dabs to mid-on;
12.6;1;Abbott to Nevill, 1 run good length and snakes in on off, Nevill hangs back and squirts an inside edge to fine leg;
12.5;W;Abbott to Ferguson, 1 run, OUT It's all happening in Hobart, superb recovery from Vilas, the sub. A direct hit, and Ferguson is run-out for 3 on Test debut. Believe it or not, it's 5 for 17. Back of a length and slanting away outside off, steered to the right of diving backward point. Villas, having fumbled earlier, recovers, runs behind, collects the ball, turns back, and splatters the stumps quickly at the striker's end, catching Ferguson short on the second, despite a desperate full-length dive. Vilas, who is a specialist wicketkeeper, had one stump to aim and nailed it with a flat throw. Ferguson's father and his brother who are in the stands are gutted. Never run off a misfield, coaches say.....;Callum Ferguson run out (sub [DJ Vilas]) 3 (21m 12b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
12.4;?;Abbott to Ferguson, no run good length and outside off, left alone;
12.3;?;Abbott to Ferguson, no run good length and outside off, left alone;
12.2;1;Philander to Smith, 1 run Philander spins around for a h-uuuuu-g-e lbw appeal. Smith sets off for a leg bye and collides with the bowler. Man down, Philander is down. Smith's left shoulder rammed in Philander's right. Ouch. Not given lbw by umpire Dar. Faf calls for a review. Snicko confirms that no bat was involved. Think that was heading past leg, though. Yes, the tracker confirms it would have climbed over a fourth stump down leg. Good length and veers in from wide of the crease, Smith shuffles across off, plays across the line, and can't make contact with a leg-side flick. He gets away. Philander clutches his shoulder and leaves the field;
12.1;?;Philander to Smith, no run good length on off, nips away, Smith is squared up a touch but fends it in front of cover;
11.6;2;Rabada to Ferguson, 2 runs Ferguson gets off the mark after nine balls in Test cricket. Half-volley on the pads, probably the first error from SA this morning. Neatly flicked off the pads to fine leg's left;
11.5;1;Rabada to Smith, 1 run wide of the crease, full and angled into the pads, flicked away through square leg;
11.4;?;Rabada to Smith, no run good length and on a fourth-stump line, no lateral movement, Smith ventures back and across in defence;
11.3;?;Rabada to Smith, no run even fuller and Smith covers his off stump as he squirts a push back to the bowler;
11.2;?;Rabada to Smith, no run fuller and angled in, inside-edged onto the pad;
11.1;?;Rabada to Smith, no run good length and slanting away on a set of stumps outside off, left alone;
10.6;?;Philander to Ferguson, no run back of a length and nipping away on a set of stumps outside off, this could have been left alone. Instead Ferguson goes jabbing at it, outside-edged down to fourth slip's right;
10.5;?;Philander to Ferguson, no run much easier leave, this. Pitched up and shaping away wide outside off, left alone;
10.4;?;Philander to Ferguson, no run back of a length and seams in, Ferguson hangs back and defends it back down the pitch;
10.3;?;Philander to Ferguson, no run oooh, that's a tight leave. The ball bounces over middle and leg stumps. Back of a length and swerves back in, Ferguson leaves it on length. If you ask, Ferguson, he'll say it's a good leave;
10.2;?;Philander to Ferguson, no run back of a length indipper, veers down the leg side, past the glance. Qdk throws the ball up in the air, daylight between bat and ball;
10.1;?;Philander to Ferguson, no run back of a length, pitches outside off, and nibbles away further off the seam. Ferguson lets it pass;
9.6;?;Abbott to Smith, no run keeps it full on off, not a drive-able length, keeps posing questions. Smith ventures forward and across as he plays it back to the bowler;
9.5;?;Abbott to Smith, no run full and angled in on off from wide of the crease, Smith shuffles across and blocks back down the pitch;
9.4;?;Abbott to Smith, no run back of a length, pitches just outside off, and nips away further. Ignored;
9.3;4;Abbott to Smith, FOUR runs overpitched on off stump, Smith seeks to drive through mid-on. The front foot does not meet the pitch. The outside edge is skewed in the gap at backward point for the first boundary of the match;
9.2;?;Abbott to Smith, no run good length on a set of stumps outside off, left alone;
9.1;?;Abbott to Smith, no run full and outside off, driven solidly to mid-off;
8.6;?;Philander to Ferguson, no run whoa! This goes another away. Back of a length and veers back in to beat the inside edge and ping the thigh;
8.5;?;Philander to Ferguson, no run and he keeps it out. Full on middle, nips away again, Ferguson is squared up by a beauty. He prods an outside edge, which rolls to point;
8.4;W;Philander to Voges, OUT Philander sends Voges packing for a first-ball duck. Make that 4 for 8. Oh wait, they are checking for a possible front-foot no-ball. Philander is fine. He can keep celebrating. Don't look back, Voges. Good length, angled in on off, and seams away. Went away like a quick legcutter. Little gem; Voges has to play. He is squared up and feeds an outside edge to Qdk, moving to his right;Adam Voges c ?de Kock b Philander 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
8.3;W;Philander to Khawaja, OUT edged and taken by Amla at first slip, diving low to his left. Australia's top order has been routed. Good length on middle and seams away, Khawaja is opened up again. Philander finds the outside edge and Amla does the rest. Australia 3 for 8 on a tough morning;Usman Khawaja c Amla b Philander 4 (32m 25b 0x4 0x6) SR: 16;
8.2;?;Philander to Khawaja, no run full and straightens on off and middle, Khawaja is squared up as he wafts an outside edge to the off side;
8.1;?;Philander to Khawaja, no run full and slanting down the leg side, past the attempted flick;
7.6;?;Abbott to Smith, no run pitched up and just a shade outside off, Smith plays an open-faced drive, mid-off moves to his left and hunts the ball down;
7.5;?;Abbott to Smith, no run full on a fourth-stump line, Abbott drags Smith forward into a defence towards cover;
7.4;?;Abbott to Smith, no run back of a length and outside off, Smith is happy camping back. Rises on top of the bounce and punches the ball to extra cover;
7.3;?;Abbott to Smith, no run full on off, Smith shuffles back and across as he pats it to mid-on;
7.2;3;Abbott to Khawaja, 3 runs full and just a shade outside off, Khawaja's bat comes down at an angle. He wafts an outside edge between point and gully. Smith hares across and coaxes Khawaja for the third;
7.1;?;Abbott to Khawaja, no run good length and outside off, Khawaja leaves it be;
6.6;?;Philander to Smith, no run Smith is squared up for the second time in three balls. Good length and curves away just outside off, pops off the thigh pad and dies in front of the cordon;
6.5;?;Philander to Smith, no run back of a length and zipping through outside off, Smith watches it through to Qdk. Encouraging carry to the keeper;
6.4;?;Philander to Smith, no run full on off stump, seams away, opens Smith up and nearly eats 'em up for breakfast. Off the thigh pad and pops to where silly point may have been;
6.3;?;Philander to Smith, no run Philander drags his length back, fourth-stump line, Smith, having shuffled across again, dabs defensively to midwicket;
6.2;?;Philander to Smith, no run tight line, full on middle, Smith ventures across the off stump and blocks it to midwicket;
6.1;?;Philander to Smith, no run good length and bang on the off stump, Smith shuffles across in defence;
5.6;?;Abbott to Khawaja, no run pitched up and angling away on a set of stumps outside off, Khawaja does not bother with it;
5.5;?;Abbott to Khawaja, no run good length and slanting away outside off, left alone;
5.4;?;Abbott to Khawaja, no run full nip-backer off the surface, Khawaja is rooted to the crease as he pops an inside edge to where short leg may have been;
5.3;?;Abbott to Khawaja, no run full and on a fourth-stump line, not much lateral movement, a crooked poke rolls down towards gully;
5.2;1;Abbott to Smith, 1 run full and snakes back in on off, shuffles across and tickles it to fine le;
5.1;?;Abbott to Smith, no run pitched up and outside off, Smith presses forward, glides the ball with soft hands to gully's right;
4.6;?;Philander to Khawaja, no run full and nipping down the leg side, past the attempted glance;
4.5;?;Philander to Khawaja, no run good length on off, Khawaja inches forward, this seams in, takes the inside edge and wanders away to square leg;
4.4;?;Philander to Khawaja, no run good length and slanting away on a set of stumps outside off, no shot offered;
4.3;?;Philander to Khawaja, no run good length and just a shade outside off, another good leave from Khawaja;
4.2;?;Philander to Khawaja, no run good length and angling away outside off, Khawaja leaves it be. 4 for 2 in 4.2 overs, I like the symmetry;
4.1;?;Philander to Khawaja, no run good length and holds its line on a fourth-stump line, tight tight leave. Khawaja covered his stumps and shouldered arms;
3.6;?;Abbott to Smith, no run back of a length and swerves back into the right-hander, hangs back and squirts an inside edge onto the pad. The ball rolls towards the covers;
3.5;1;Abbott to Khawaja, 1 run full and swinging into the pads, glanced behind square on the leg side;
3.4;?;Abbott to Khawaja, no run full and aimed at off stump, pushed into extra cover;
3.3;?;Abbott to Khawaja, no run good length on the leg stump, flicked to square leg;
3.2;?;Abbott to Khawaja, no run pitched up and angling away outside off, Khawaja is pinned to the crease as he drives and watches the ball zip past the outside edge;
3.1;1;Abbott to Smith, 1 run full and veering into the pads, Smith shuffles across off and glances it with the wrists to long leg;
2.6;?;Philander to Khawaja, no run full on the stumps, Khawaja presses forward in defence;
2.5;?;Philander to Khawaja, no run good length and holds its line just a shade outside off, left alone;
2.4;?;Philander to Khawaja, no run nice and full, nibbling away outside off, Khawaja is squared up, pokes an outside edge to gully;
2.3;?;Philander to Khawaja, no run full and outside off, left alone;
2.2;?;Philander to Khawaja, no run full and swinging down leg, ignored;
2.1;?;Philander to Khawaja, no run full and slanting away outside off, left alone;
1.6;W;Abbott to Burns, OUT that's the break-back from Abbott. He strikes in his first over on return. Australia lose their openers in two overs. Umpire Kettleborough's finger goes up. Nice and full, seams in sharply, on off, Burns plays around his pad, plays down the wrong line. The ball thuds into the front pad, before ricocheting onto the back pad. Looks out to the naked eye. It was probably going to hit leg stump. Burns decides against a review. EagleEye shows it was just grazing the leg stump, pointing to umpire's call;Joe Burns lbw b Abbott 1 (10m 8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 12.5;
1.5;?;Abbott to Burns, no run good length, starts around off, and nibbles away further. No shot offered;
1.4;?;Abbott to Burns, no run good length and largely holds its line on a fourth-stump line, Burns angles a defence towards point;
1.3;?;Abbott to Burns, no run full and swings in, played back to the bowler;
1.2;?;Abbott to Burns, no run good length and swings away from the right-hander, left alone;
1.1;?;Abbott to Burns, no run pretty full and swings in, a full-toss in fact, defended to midwicket;
0.6;W;Philander to Warner, OUT Oh dear, what have you done Warner? Nicked off for 1 in the first over. This wasn't a wicket-taking delivery by any means. Full and slanting away on a set of stumps outside off or even wider, from over the wicket. Warner's bat is magnetised into flashing wildly. He edges it behind to Qdk, who moves to his left to snap up the catch. He nearly gloved it in front of first slip;David Warner c ?de Kock b Philander 1 (5m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
0.5;?;Philander to Warner, no run full and swinging down the leg side again, Philander can't control the movement. Another excellent save from Qdk, flinging to his right;
0.4;?;Philander to Warner, no run very full and swinging down the leg side, would have comfortably missed six stumps down leg, Qdk flies to his right to glove the ball;
0.3;1;Philander to Burns, 1 run back of a length and straying on the hips, picked away through square leg;
0.2;?;Philander to Burns, no run full and Philander explores the channel outside off, nothing doing from Burns;
0.1;1;Philander to Warner, 1 run pitched up on middle from over the wicket, Warner gets a big stride forward and drives it to short extra cover, or rather short mid-off, where Faf fumbles, allowing a single;

10.28am Warner and Burns are Australia's openers. Philander is armed with the new ball. He will be assisted by three slips and a gully. Umpire Dar gives the thumbs-up. Let's roll.
Shailesh : "So, Abbot has played 7 tests in 3 years whereas Rabada has played 9 tests in a year! wow!"
10.23am Yay. The covers are coming off.
RudolphSA: "Are they doing the rain dance." ---- Ah, I hope it's not going to be that kind of a day
Geoff: "Even on a green deck it's a big call to bowl first in Hobart, given the record of teams batting first here in the past. Hopefully it proves to be a good toss to lose. But I'm worried Philander will make it an excellent one to win."
Lakshitha: "Apparently, all major teams in world cricket are in a transition phase at the moment. The millennials are taking hold from the veterans. Exciting times... "
Brutus_Shylock: "@Christo Aussies got a thing for that, don't you remember voges?"
Christo: "Saw Ferguson play some ODIs i in 2009, thought he looked fantastic back then, wonder what happened in the meanwhile, surprised he is only making his test debut 7 years later!"
10.20am Tony: "Apparently Morkel isn't playing. Tubby says the key is Burns and Warner, Burns playing a straight bat. Burns is very close to scoring 1000 Test Runs. Hazlewood needs 18 more to get 100 Test Wickets. Heals: Amla needs 29 to reach the 7,500 Run milestone. The news according to Ch. 9 is we're going to start on time" ---- Hang on, Firdose says the drizzle is back, as are the covers. The players are walking out, though, for the anthems.
10am South Africa win the toss and choose to bowl.. Australia pick six batsmen. "The lights are on," says our correspondent Firdose Moonda, who is at Hobart. Kyle Abbott in for the injured Steyn.
Prakash S: "Hearing lush green pitch and wet in the middle, reminds me of Stuart Broad's exploits against the same opposition..... Bad news for Aus...."
Abhay Arora: "From two Marshes to two Joes."
Australia XI: Warner, Burns, Khawaja, Smith (c), Voges, Ferguson, Nevill (wk), Starc, Mennie, Hazlewood, Lyon.
SA XI: Cook, Elgar, Amla, Duminy, du Plessis(c), Bavuma, de Kock(wk), Philander, Abbott, Rabada, Maharaj
Michael: "So South Africa replace one outstanding bowler with the worlds best 12th Man.. Kyle Abbott really should have played more Test IMO for South Africa.."
Prakash S: "Any update on the pitch?" --- In Faf's words, the surface was "it's lush, it's green, it's soft, it's wet. It will seam and swing, it won't reverse that much."
William: "For those that wish to check the weather in Hobart, you can't go past this brilliant webcam, located just to the west of the Bellerive Oval."
sathesh: "South Africa have great chance of putting pressure early on by bundling top order out cheaply under heavy weather"
BokFan: "Could be a changing of the guard for SA pacemen: out goes Morkel and Steyn. Will the new attack be able to fill their boots."
Shailesh : "waiting for some sensational bowling from Rabada and co. as well as electrifying fielding from Bavuma and co. "
Hemanth: "A treat for cricket lovers; Much awaited SA vs Aus 2nd test begins today and Ind vs Eng enters a tantalising 3rd day." --- Fourth day I suppose
Sid : "The Bellerive and the WACA are such beautiful grounds, great to see Test cricket in Hobart."
9.55am Jay: "Will the rain stay in the air or come down and for how long ?" --- The main cover has been peeled off, but the rain threat still hangs around.
Venkat: "I can't wait for the game to get started! planning to stay awake the whole night and hopefully the weather doesn't play spoilsport" --- I can't wait either
9.50am Who is Joe Mennie? Here is Dan Brettig with the lowdown on baggy green no. 456.
Tom: "I feel like you're not really giving us enough on the weather. I'm in South Africa and trying to figure out how nocturnal I need to be tonight." --- Hey, Tom, it's drizzling in Hobart, but we are set for the toss at 10am
Tony: "Australia if they win the toss should bowl rather than bat. However, if SA win it and put Australia in, they should build up a big partnership and put pressure on SA. They should also hit the ball so it goes along on the ground rather than in the air and get in danger of being caught, which was Bradman's philosophy."
9.40am Right then, two debutants for Australia. Callum Ferguson and Joe Mennie have just been presented with baggy greens. Greg Blewett presented Ferguson, Ben Hilfenhaus presented Mennie. So, Mitch Marsh has been dropped.




Mitchell Starc, meanwhile, may be at high injury risk in the Hobart Test but Australia are expected to play him anyway, with their hopes in the series on the line.
Rick: "Can we please have an update on the weather?" --- It's a cloudy morning in Hobart with rain in the air.
9.35am Australia also have two men down - Shaun Marsh and Peter Siddle. Adam Voges, though, has recovered from a tweaked hamstring, and Joe Mennie is set to make his debut. Australia will also be weighing up the Mitchell Marsh v Callum Ferguson debate. Allow me to cede the stage to Brydon Coverdale's scene-setter.
9.25am Morning, ladies and gents. South Africa were without their captain and best batsman AB de Villiers. Then Dale Steyn, their best bowler, left the field with a broken shoulder before lunch on day two at the WACA. Two of their best players were down. But Dean Elgar, who had bagged a pair in his previous Test at the WACA, JP Duminy, who was considering retirement from Test cricket in January, and 21-year-old Kagiso Rabada answered South Africa's SOS and carried the side to a famous win.
Hobart is South Africa's chance to play from ahead, but they face another set of challenges, even before the first ball is sent down in the second Test. For starters, South Africa will be without both AB and Steyn for the first time since December 2004 (Steyn can't even bowl 12.4 overs; he can't get his scary eyes and vein-bulging celebrations going). And this will be South Africa's first Test appearance at this venue. Dwaine Pretorius will not arrive in Hobart until Saturday, and this means the visitors will have to pick either Morne Morkel or Kyle Abbott (they might also pick both).
 Innings Start
2.11pm South Africa have been dismissed for 326. The ball decked around more after the light drizzle. Bavuma popped a catch to point in the second over after lunch to give Mennie his maiden Test scalp. Hazlewood then carved his way through the lower order and ended with a six-for. Philander made a cameo for the visitors, hitting 32 off 28 balls. He will have a bigger role to play with the new ball. And tea has been pushed back to 3.30pm because of the rain delay. Be back soon for Australia's second dig.
Srivaths: "SA have a wonderful chance for an innings victory here. Given what Hazlewood, Mennie and Starc have been able to do today, SA quicks must feel like a pack of wolves ready to pounce on Aus"
Param: "Lets see how Australia go about this. There will be so much pressure on Warner and Smith because they are leaders of this batting unit and on the other hand on Voges and Ferguson because they are already on a short leash here... going to be fun times!"
Adam: "Good to see Joe take the first of what will hopefully be 'Mennie' test wickets"
100.5;W;Hazlewood to Philander, OUT edged and taken by the keeper. Hazlewood finishes with a six-wicket haul, SA claim a first-innings lead of 241. Full on a set of stumps outside off, decks away further. Philander is sucked into an expansive drive. Feathers an edge behind to Nevill;Vernon Philander c ?Nevill b Hazlewood 32 (55m 28b 6x4 0x6) SR: 114.28;
100.4;4;Hazlewood to Philander, FOUR runs back of a length and outside off, leans back and late-cuts it onto the ground, bounces up over gully. Make that five fours in 13 balls for Philander;
100.3;?;Hazlewood to Philander, no run back of a length on off, punched into the covers;
100.2;?;Hazlewood to Philander, no run good length and angled in, presses forward and drives down the ground;
100.1;1;Hazlewood to Rabada, 1 run short on off, fended square on leg off the inside half;
99.6;?;Starc to Philander, no run good length and angled outside off, looses his grip and taps to extra cover;
99.5;4;Starc to Philander, FOUR runs wide half-volley outside off, Philander bends forward and pastes it through extra cover. Another good-looking drive. Four fours in 10 balls for Philander;
99.4;?;Starc to Philander, no run full and angling away outside off, Philander answers with a good-looking front-foot drive to mid-off;
99.3;?;Starc to Philander, no run full and outside off, throws his hands at a drive and drags an inside edge to mid-on;
99.2;?;Starc to Philander, no run good length on off, 140ks, presses forward and plays it back to the bowler;
99.1;4;Starc to Philander, FOUR runs short and wide outside off, Philander punishes the bowler. Flays it away to the left of mid-off. No extra-cover in place;
98.6;?;Hazlewood to Rabada, no run full and outside off, Rabada leans into the drive, stylish drive straight to mid-off;
98.5;1;Hazlewood to Philander, 1 run good length and outside off, drop-and-run single to extra cover;
98.4;4;Hazlewood to Philander, FOUR runs dug in short and sits up outside off, Philander swivels and pulls firmly through midwicket;
98.3;?;Hazlewood to Philander, no run back of a length and angled into a defence back to the bowler;
98.2;?;Hazlewood to Philander, no run full and angled in on off, front-foot drive back to the bowler;
98.1;4;Hazlewood to Philander, FOUR runs back of a length and angled in, straightens a bit, takes the outside edge as Philander has a skittish push. The outside edge runs away between slips and gully;
97.6;?;Mennie to Rabada, no run good length and angled in on off, Rabada blocks it back to the bowler;
97.5;?;Mennie to Rabada, no run short of a length and angled into a defence to mid-off;
97.4;?;Mennie to Rabada, no run too full on off, driven down to mid-off;
97.3;4;Mennie to Rabada, FOUR runs back of a length and outside off, Rabada leans back and punches it su-weetly to the right of point for a boundary;
97.2;?;Mennie to Rabada, no run back of a length and angled in from around the wicket, fended to midwicket;
97.1;3;Mennie to Philander, 3 runs full on off, driven with the wrists to the right of mid-on;
96.6;?;Hazlewood to Rabada, no run dug in short and cuts away outside off, explodes from the surface. Rabada can only sway his upper body out of the way;
96.5;?;Hazlewood to Rabada, no run good length and slanting away on a set of stumps outside off, left alone;
96.4;?;Hazlewood to Rabada, no run back of a length on off, hangs back and fends it back to Hazlewood;
96.3;?;Hazlewood to Rabada, no run good length and outside off, left alone;
96.2;W;Hazlewood to Abbott, OUT looks plumb, umpire Dar's finger goes up in a flash. Hazlewood has a five-for. Abbott reviews. Full and seams back in sharply from outside off, almost like a quick offbreak. No signs of an inside edge. The batsman misses the line and is pinned on the front pad in front of middle stump. Grazing leg stump, and that's enough for umpire's call;Kyle Abbott lbw b Hazlewood 3 (9m 9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
96.1;?;Hazlewood to Abbott, no run good length, angled in, and straightens away outside off, skirts past the outside edge. The ball doing a bit more after the light drizzle;
95.6;?;Mennie to Philander, no run good length and angled in, prodded to midwicket;
95.5;?;Mennie to Philander, no run back of a length and angled in, beats the flick and takes the thigh;
95.4;3;Mennie to Abbott, 3 runs half-volley on the pads, Abbott gets off the mark with a neat little flick between short leg and midwicket;
95.3;?;Mennie to Abbott, no run full and just a shade outside off, Abbott hangs back and defends to mid-off;
95.2;?;Mennie to Abbott, no run pitched up on off, defended on the front foot;
95.1;1;Mennie to Philander, 1 run good length and angled in, the the batsman looks to pull his bat away from the line, slides off the face past the leg stump;
94.6;?;Hazlewood to Abbott, no run back of a length and outside off, Abbott flirts with it and watches the ball past the outside edge. The batsman was simply squared up and beaten. Abbott the bowler will be encouraged by the movement;
94.5;?;Hazlewood to Abbott, no run good length and largely holds its line outside off, prodded to the cordon;
94.4;?;Hazlewood to Abbott, no run good length and seams away outside off, no shot offered now;
94.3;?;Hazlewood to Abbott, no run beaten first up. back of a length and kicks up outside off, seams away, zips past the outside edge. Neville takes it at shoulder-height;
94.2;W;Hazlewood to Maharaj, OUT Hazlewood bursts through the gate of another batsman, Maharaj gone now for 1. Good length and seams back into Maharaj. Sneaks through the bat-pad gap as he drives loosely and misses. The middle stump is pegged back;Keshav Maharaj b Hazlewood 1 (4m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 20;
94.1;?;Hazlewood to Maharaj, no run shortish and outside off, the batsman sways his upper body out of the way;
93.6;1;Mennie to Maharaj, 1 run full and angled into the pads, diverted to long leg;
93.5;?;Mennie to Maharaj, no run good length and outside off, left alone;
93.4;?;Mennie to Maharaj, no run full and holds its line outside off, Maharaj wafts and misses outside off;
93.3;W;Mennie to Bavuma, OUT Mennie has his maiden Test wicket, after 153 balls, and his team-mates rush in to mess his hair up. Bavuma holes out to point. Back of a length and angled in on off stump, rears up at the batsman. He attempts a half-pull, half-flick, and ends up skewing a leading edge in the air to Lyon moving to his right and snapping up the catch in front of his face;Temba Bavuma c Lyon b Mennie 74 (269m 204b 8x4 0x6) SR: 36.27;
93.2;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run wide of the crease and angled in on off, presses forward and dabs it to extra cover;
93.1;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run back of a length on off, hangs back and plays it back to the bowler;
92.6;?;Hazlewood to Philander, no run full on middle, front-foot drive back to the bowler. Hazlewood stretches his right hand and stops the ball;
92.5;?;Hazlewood to Philander, no run good length and holds its line outside off, Philander pokes and edges it. Plays with soft hands down to gully;
92.4;?;Hazlewood to Philander, no run full on the stumps, driven straight down the ground to mid-on's left;
92.3;?;Hazlewood to Philander, no run too full and straight, Philander can't find the gap now. Clips the ball straight to square leg;
92.2;?;Hazlewood to Philander, no run back of a length on off, stands tall and punchily blocks back to Hazlewood;
92.1;4;Hazlewood to Philander, FOUR runs full and sliding into the pads, early Christmas present for Philander. He tears open the wrapper and flicks it to the right of square leg to open the second session with a boundary. You can't bowl there when you have three slips and a gully in position;
91.6;2;Mennie to Bavuma, 2 runs full on off, presses forward and drives it to the bowler's left. Bavuma has hit only five runs down the ground out of 74;
91.5;2;Mennie to Bavuma, 2 runs chipped in the air to the left of mid-on. Ferguson was left wrong-footed, and was probably a bit late to react, and that's why the ball dies in front of him. Another chance goes abegging. Full and outside off, the batsman was early into driving the ball. Probably his first runs down the ground on the third morning. And the lead passes 200;
91.4;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run back of a length and outside off, pulls his bottom hand from the bat and cushions it to gully again;
91.3;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run good length on off, deflected to point;
91.2;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run full and angled just outside off, loosens his grip and plays with soft hands down to gully;
91.1;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run good length and angled into Bavuma from wide of the crease. It does not threaten off and Bavuma shoulders arms;
90.6;3;Hazlewood to Bavuma, 3 runs back of a length and wide outside off, stands tall and punches to the left of point;
90.5;2;Hazlewood to Bavuma, 2 runs short and outside off, swat-pulls it through midwicket for a double;
90.4;?;Hazlewood to Bavuma, no run good length and outside off, guided with soft hands to gully;
90.3;?;Hazlewood to Bavuma, no run short on the leg stump, bounces over the attempted hook;
90.2;?;Hazlewood to Bavuma, no run back of a length and angled in, Bavuma hangs back, opens the face, and runs it to point;
90.1;3;Hazlewood to Philander, 3 runs too full on the pads, flicked away through square leg;
89.6;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run good length and outside off, Bavuma shoulders arms;
89.5;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run full and angled in, defended to midwicket;
89.4;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run back of a length, angled in, and seams away outside off. Bavuma pulls his bat inside the line rather belatedly;
89.3;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run full on the stumps, driven down the ground;
89.2;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run full on middle and leg, clipped out to square leg;
89.1;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run appeal for lbw, umpire Kettleborough does not budge. Smith challenges the on-field call. Full and angled into the right-hander. Bavuma plays down the wrong line and misses the ball. Pinged on the back pad, impact outside the line of off. The on-field call is upheld;
88.6;?;Hazlewood to Philander, no run back of a length and rears up outside off, skirts past the outside edge;
88.5;?;Hazlewood to Philander, no run back of a length and angled in, defended to leg on the back foot;
88.4;W;Hazlewood to de Kock, OUT bowled'em. First wicket of the morning. Qdk slumps over his bat in disappointment. Top-quality innings, nevertheless. Good length and seams back into the left-hander. Qdk can't contact with a punch down the ground. Just enough movement as Hazlewood shoots through the gate and hits the off stump;Quinton de Kock b Hazlewood 104 (184m 143b 17x4 0x6) SR: 72.72;
88.3;4;Hazlewood to de Kock, FOUR runs back of a length and outside off, leans back and late-cuts it away past gully;
88.2;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run back of a length and outside off, punched to mid-off;
88.1;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run back of a length and angling away outside off, punched to the covers;
87.6;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run good length and outside off, skewered to mid-on off the inside half;
87.5;1;Mennie to de Kock, 1 run There it is. Qdk converts his fifth successive fifty into a century, his second in Test cricket. Subdued celebrations from Qdk. Just raises his bat and takes in the applause. More animated celebrations from Faf in the dressing room. Good length and just outside off, manipulated with the wrists to square leg. 100 off only 139 balls;
87.4;?;Mennie to de Kock, no run good length and just a shade outside off, moves forward and plays it back to the bowler;
87.3;4;Mennie to de Kock, FOUR runs half-volley on off stump, Qdk twirls his wrists and flicks it superbly between midwicket and mid-on. Moves on to 99;
87.2;?;Mennie to de Kock, no run full on off, leans across and whips to midwicket;
87.1;?;Mennie to de Kock, no run full and angling away, defended to point;
86.6;?;Starc to Bavuma, no run good length on middle and leg, turned to square leg;
86.5;?;Starc to Bavuma, no run full and outside off, hangs back and deflects it off the face to gully;
86.4;2;Starc to Bavuma, 2 runs banged in short and rears up at the throat of Bavuma, hops and somehow fends it behind square;
86.3;?;Starc to Bavuma, no run full and would have missed a set of stumps outside off, left alone;
86.2;?;Starc to Bavuma, no run full on middle leg, comes forward and defends to short midwicket;
86.1;?;Starc to Bavuma, no run full and angling away outside off, Bavuma is on the move as he drives to mid-off;
85.6;?;Mennie to de Kock, no run full and outside off, rocks on the front foot and drives it to mid-off's left;
85.5;?;Mennie to de Kock, no run back of a length and outside off, left alone;
85.4;2;Mennie to de Kock, 2 runs too full and straight, glided away to long leg;
85.3;?;Mennie to de Kock, no run full and outside off, presses forward and drives it to mid-off's right. Says "no";
85.2;2;Mennie to de Kock, 2 runs back of a length again, picked off the hips through square leg;
85.1;4;Mennie to de Kock, FOUR runs back of a length and outside off, Qdk shovel-pulls it to the left of midwicket, races away to the fence. Qdk welcomes Mennie back with an authoritative boundary;
84.6;4;Starc to Bavuma, FOUR runs overpitched and outside off, strong stride forward and crunches the half-volley between extra cover and point;
84.5;?;Starc to Bavuma, no run back of a length and angling away on a set of stumps outside off, real wide delivery. Bavuma reaches out. Slashes and misses;
84.4;?;Starc to Bavuma, no run full and angling away on a fourth-stump line, Bavuma camps back and blocks;
84.3;2;Starc to Bavuma, 2 runs back of a length and angling away outside off, punched in the gap at extra cover;
84.2;?;Starc to Bavuma, no run full and angling away outside off, driven on the front foot, Lyon throws himself to his right from point and stops the ball. Smart work;
84.1;?;Starc to Bavuma, no run short on middle and leg, fended back to the bowler on the back foot;
83.6;4;Hazlewood to de Kock, FOUR runs Even Warner can't cut that off. Good length and outside off, Qdk flows forward and punchily drives it to Warner's right at mid-off. The fielder chases hard, and slides, but Qdk's timing is supreme;
83.5;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run back of a length, pitches on middle and seams away, just enough to open Qdk up. Defended gingerly square on the off side;
83.4;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run full and angling away outside off, front-foot drive to mid-off's left;
83.3;2;Hazlewood to de Kock, 2 runs full and outside off, Qdk leans into the drive, opens the face and directs the ball to the right of extra cover;
83.2;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run full and angling away outside off, Qdk drives with a close face, mistimed to mid-on;
83.1;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run full and outside off, stretches forward and drives it back to the bowler;
82.6;?;Starc to Bavuma, no run short on off, 146ks, blocked on the back foot;
82.5;1;Starc to de Kock, 1 run very full and swings away from the left-hander at 147ks, squeezed out to midwicket;
82.4;?;Starc to de Kock, no run short and outside off, jabbed away to backward point again with hard hands;
82.3;?;Starc to de Kock, no run short and outside off, slashes a cut and finds backward point;
82.2;?;Starc to de Kock, no run back of a length on off, Qdk drops it defensively in front of the cordon;
82.1;?;Starc to de Kock, no run back of a length and skids back in off the surface. Beats de Kock for pace and strikes the thigh;
81.6;?;Hazlewood to Bavuma, no run back of a length and angled in on off, defended back to the bowler;
81.5;?;Hazlewood to Bavuma, no run big appeal for caught behind, there was a noise there. Not given by umpire Kettleborough. Australia think they have Bavuma. They go for a review. I think the noise came from the bat jamming the ground. Daylight between bat and ball. Nothing on hotspot. There is a spike on snicko when the bat hits the ground. Full and nibbles away late outside off, Bavuma catches the bait and drives with hard hands. He gets away;
81.4;?;Hazlewood to Bavuma, no run full tempter, shapes away, ends on a set of stumps outside off. Nothing doing from Bavuma;
81.3;?;Hazlewood to Bavuma, no run full and angled in, gets forward and pushes the ball to mid-off;
81.2;?;Hazlewood to Bavuma, no run full and outside off, no lateral movement, ignored;
81.1;?;Hazlewood to Bavuma, no run good length and on a fifth-stump line outside off, left alone;
80.6;?;Starc to de Kock, no run full and curls in a bit, 146ks, Qdk is late to bring his bat down. Squirted to midwicket off the inside half;
80.5;?;Starc to de Kock, no run good length and outside off, no swing, 145ks, angled out to point;
80.4;?;Starc to de Kock, no run full and straight, driven ram-rod straight down the ground, so much so it hits the stumps at the non-striker's end;
80.3;?;Starc to de Kock, no run short and skids in, rears up at Qdk, he yanks his bottom hand off the bat and cushions the ball square on the leg side;
80.2;?;Starc to de Kock, no run full on middle, hint of inswing, 144.4ks, pushed to mid-on;
80.1;2lb;Starc to de Kock, 2 leg byes full and angled down leg, misses the flick, off the pad and rolls down to fine leg;
79.6;?;Lyon to Bavuma, no run flatter and outside off, kept out;
79.5;1;Lyon to de Kock, 1 run slower through the air outside off, eases a drive through extra cover;
79.4;1;Lyon to Bavuma, 1 run offbreak, pushed through quicker, Bavuma pops it in the air to the left of short leg;
79.3;?;Lyon to Bavuma, no run good-length offbreak, goes back and defends to short midwicket;
79.2;1;Lyon to de Kock, 1 run good length and angled in from around the wicket, worked through square leg on the back foot;
79.1;?;Lyon to de Kock, no run tossed full and outside off, driven to extra cover's right, tumbling save;
78.6;?;Smith to Bavuma, no run Smith throws it up on the off stump, not much turn, draws a feeble drive. Played back to the bowler off the inside half;
78.5;1;Smith to de Kock, 1 run round-arm legbreak, worked around the corner;
78.4;?;Smith to de Kock, no run flighted on the leg stump, deflected behind square on the leg side;
78.3;?;Smith to de Kock, no run full legbreak, played back towards the bowler;
78.2;4;Smith to de Kock, FOUR runs lobs a leg-stump full-toss, Qdk sweeps it square through the leg side, splitting the two men in the deep;
78.1;?;Smith to de Kock, no run shorter on off, defended on the back foot;
77.6;?;Lyon to Bavuma, no run full offbreak, pushed to short midwicket on the front foot;
77.5;?;Lyon to Bavuma, no run turning offbreak, short in length, the batsman jumps back and fends to square leg;
77.4;?;Lyon to Bavuma, no run flatter and slides outside off, goes back and blunts it neatly;
77.3;?;Lyon to Bavuma, no run slower through the air on off, smothered on the front foot;
77.2;?;Lyon to Bavuma, no run tossed full outside off, pushed to mid-off's left;
77.1;1;Lyon to de Kock, 1 run short on middle, rocks back and cuts through the covers;
76.6;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run back of a length and angled in, keeps a bit low, tucked to the right of short midwicket;
76.5;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run fullish on off, solidly blocked on the front foot;
76.4;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run full on the stumps, blocked carefully;
76.3;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run full and outside off, glided to gully;
76.2;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run good length on off, blocked on the front foot;
76.1;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run full on middle and leg, clips to square leg;
75.6;?;Lyon to de Kock, no run flighted on middle, pushed back to the bowler. Maiden "Bowled Gaz" is the cry from Nevill;
75.5;?;Lyon to de Kock, no run lobbed up outside off, dips, turns past the expansive drive. Nevill can't glove the ball cleanly. Qdk, who had his backfoot lifted momentarily, grounds it. Nevill misses a stumping chance;
75.4;?;Lyon to de Kock, no run slider on middle, defended to extra cover on the back foot;
75.3;?;Lyon to de Kock, no run good length on off, glided square through the off side;
75.2;?;Lyon to de Kock, no run short and fired outside off, back-foot cut to extra again;
75.1;?;Lyon to de Kock, no run dropped short and outside off, goes back and cuts hard to extra over;
74.6;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run back of a length and around off, stands tall and punchily blocks to short extra cover;
74.5;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run good length and angled in, blocked to mid-on;
74.4;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run short and ducks in, cramps him for room. Fended onto the surface;
74.3;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run back of a length and outside off, glides it to gully with soft hands;
74.2;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run good length and angled in on off and middle, played back to the bowler;
74.1;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run good length and holds its line on off, pushed down to mid-off;
73.6;?;Lyon to de Kock, no run looped up on off, hint of turn, dabbed towards short third man;
73.5;?;Lyon to de Kock, no run shortish, skids on outside off, chopped to short third man;
73.4;?;Lyon to de Kock, no run short on middle, steps back and outside leg as he flays it to backward point;
73.3;4;Lyon to de Kock, FOUR runs nice, juicy full-toss, and Qdk feasts on it, whipping to the right of short leg and to the left of short midwicket. Very, very wristy;
73.2;?;Lyon to de Kock, no run slides in with the angle from around the wicket, blocked to short leg;
73.1;?;Lyon to de Kock, no run tossed up on middle, down the track and quietly defended to the covers;
72.6;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run edged and dies in front of second slip. Good length and holds its line on a fourth or fifth-stump line, Bavuma is sucked into wafting at it. The nick does not carry to second slip;
72.5;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run wide of the crease and angled into a push to mid-off;
72.4;1;Mennie to de Kock, 1 run good length on off, nudged in front of square on the leg side;
72.3;?;Mennie to de Kock, no run pitched up and outside off, driven to extra cover on the front foot;
72.2;4;Mennie to de Kock, FOUR runs back of a length and angling away outside off, Qdk waits, waits, and plays at the last moment. Late-cutting it wide of backward point;
72.1;?;Mennie to de Kock, no run full on off, gets forward and drives to mid-on;
71.6;1;Lyon to de Kock, 1 run flighted on off, Qdk flits down the pitch and secures a single to long-off;
71.5;1;Lyon to Bavuma, 1 run good length and rolls straight on outside off, Bavuma plays for the turn and outside-edges it to backward point;
71.4;1;Lyon to de Kock, 1 run full on middle and leg, driven to short midwicket's right, to wide long-on;
71.3;?;Lyon to de Kock, no run straight delivery on middle, opens the face and knocks it to extra cover;
71.2;?;Lyon to de Kock, no run good length and turns away a bit, guided to bakward point;
71.1;4;Lyon to de Kock, FOUR runs looped up on middle, Qdk steps away outside leg. Stays leg side of the ball and drives it inside-out over extra cover. Laced it;
70.6;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run angled in on middle from wide of the crease, good length, Bavuma negotiates it with a straight bat;
70.5;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run good length and angled in, presses forward and blocks towards midwicket;
70.4;1;Mennie to de Kock, 1 run back of a length and outside off, punchily driven to mid-off's right;
70.3;?;Mennie to de Kock, no run good length and straightens a bit on off, inside-edged onto the pad;
70.2;?;Mennie to de Kock, no run much fuller and slanted across off, no shot offered;
70.1;?;Mennie to de Kock, no run back of a length and angling away just a shade outside off, punched down to mid-on;
69.6;?;Lyon to Bavuma, no run slower offbreak, turns in, smothered on the front foot;
69.5;?;Lyon to Bavuma, no run tossed outside off, paddled to short fine leg's right. Tumbling save;
69.4;?;Lyon to Bavuma, no run overpitched outside off, driven to extra cover;
69.3;?;Lyon to Bavuma, no run slider outside off, flatter and no turn outside off, left alone;
69.2;4;Lyon to Bavuma, FOUR runs short and wide outside off, loose delivery, and Bavuma puts it away. Rocks back and square-cuts it firmly;
69.1;?;Lyon to Bavuma, no run full offbreak just outside off, blocked to the covers;
68.6;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run full and angling away outside off, 140.4ks, Qdk drives away from the body and manages an inside edge onto the pad. The ball rolls to over;
68.5;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run back of a length on off, 140ks, fended in front of midwicket;
68.4;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run back of a length and angled across off, punched to extra cover;
68.3;1;Hazlewood to Bavuma, 1 run short on leg stump, cramped for room. Bavuma leaps off his feet and fends behind square;
68.2;?;Hazlewood to Bavuma, no run good length on off, gets forward and solidly drives to mid-off;
68.1;?;Hazlewood to Bavuma, no run chest-high carry to the keeper. Runs in and hits the deck hard. Left alone outside off;
67.6;4;Lyon to de Kock, FOUR runs intent from de kock. Here he comes down the track. Takes it on the half-volley and belts it over mid-on;
67.5;?;Lyon to de Kock, no run slower through the air on middle, rolls on straight, played back to Lyon;
67.4;?;Lyon to de Kock, no run another slider, Qdk goes back and outside leg as he chops to the covers again;
67.3;?;Lyon to de Kock, no run short and fizzes on middle, goes back and chops to the covers;
67.2;4;Lyon to de Kock, FOUR runs tossed up on middle, Qdk goes low and slog-sweeps powerfully over wide mid-on. Fifth successive fifty-plus score in Test cricket for Qdk;
67.1;?;Lyon to de Kock, no run very full on leg stump, 90.2ks, whipped to mid-on;
66.6;?;Hazlewood to Bavuma, no run left alone outside off;
66.5;?;Hazlewood to Bavuma, no run full and angled in, defended into the covers;
66.4;?;Hazlewood to Bavuma, no run good length and outside off, excellent carry to Nevill;
66.3;?;Hazlewood to Bavuma, no run good length and angled in on off, skewered to midwicket off the inside half;
66.2;?;Hazlewood to Bavuma, no run good length and holds its line on a fifth stump, left alone outside off;
66.1;1;Hazlewood to de Kock, 1 run good length on off, wristily clipped to short midwicket;
65.6;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run full and angled into a solid little push to mid-on;
65.5;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run length and outside off, Bavuma plays at the last moment, dabbing down to the cordon with soft hands;
65.4;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run good length and angled in on middle and leg, dabbed to midwicket;
65.3;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run full and angled in on off, sort of stopped on the batsman. He checks his drive and chips it in the air to mid-on's left;
65.2;1;Mennie to de Kock, 1 run full and angling away outside off, driven to mid-off's left on the front foot;
65.1;?;Mennie to de Kock, no run shorter and outside off, shovelled to the left of mid-on on the back foot;
64.6;?;Hazlewood to Bavuma, no run good length and angled in, defended back to the bowler with a straight bat;
64.5;2;Hazlewood to Bavuma, 2 runs good length and outside off, Bavuma plays away from the body, the bottom hand flies off the bat. The outside edge streaks away to the right of gully. Fifty for Bavuma;
64.4;?;Hazlewood to Bavuma, no run nearly chopped on. Back of a length, angled in, and kicks up at the batsman. He fends it and the ball just bounces over the stumps;
64.3;1;Hazlewood to de Kock, 1 run short on the leg stump, pulled away behind square;
64.2;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run good length on off, presses forward and blocks to cover;
64.1;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run good length and angling away, dabbed with soft hands in front of square;
63.6;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run uppish drive, does not carry to Warner at mid-off. Good length and on off, Bavuma is early into the drive and chips it in the air;
63.5;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run full on off, presses forward and drives down the ground, mid-off throws himself to his right and intercepts it. Well done, Warner;
63.4;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run left alone outside off again. Bavuma has tightened up, having been beaten a few times in the first 30 minutes;
63.3;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run too full on middle, angled in, driven to mid-on on the front foot;
63.2;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run back of a length and on a set of stumps outside off, left alone again;
63.1;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run back of a length and outside off, Bavuma leaves it be;
62.6;4;Starc to de Kock, FOUR runs too full and straight, Qdk whips it handsomely to the left of mid-on. He moves to 45;
62.5;?;Starc to de Kock, no run full and outside off, no lateral movement, rocks forward and drives it to short extra cover;
62.4;?;Starc to de Kock, no run back of a length and angled in, nurdled to square leg;
62.3;?;Starc to de Kock, no run full on off, 144.7ks, moves forward and drives it back to Starc;
62.2;?;Starc to de Kock, no run short and wide outside off, 143.1ks. Instead of letting it go, Qdk reaches out and jabs the ball to point;
62.1;?;Starc to de Kock, no run good length and angled in, shovelled to mid-on;
61.6;2;Mennie to Bavuma, 2 runs short and angled down leg, tucked behind square on the leg side;
61.5;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run back of a length and outside off, stands tall and punches to Lyon at cover point;
61.4;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run good length and angled in, played back to the bowler;
61.3;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run Bavuma edges a drive, and it does not carry to gully. Full and shapes away outside off, Bavuma chases and escapes;
61.2;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run good length and outside off, left alone;
61.1;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run full and around off, gets forward and drives to the covers;
60.6;?;Starc to de Kock, no run pretty full and angled in on off, gets forward and drives it back to Starc;
60.5;?;Starc to de Kock, no run back of a length on off, 142.5ks, defended on the back foot;
60.4;1;Starc to Bavuma, 1 run pitched up and angling away outside off, drive-able length. Abbott and Philander hardly allowed the batsmen to drive. Played to the left of extra over;
60.3;?;Starc to Bavuma, no run back of a length and angling away wider outside off, Bavuma pulls his bat inside the line, windscreen-viper style;
60.2;?;Starc to Bavuma, no run back of a length and angling away on a fourth-stump line, dabbed to gully with soft hands;
60.1;?;Starc to Bavuma, no run back of a length and angling away outside off, 142ks, hangs back and fends it to gully;
59.6;4;Hazlewood to de Kock, FOUR runs oooh, that's risky but Qdk gets away. Back of a length and angled across off, Qdk leans back and late-cuts it in the air between slips and gully;
59.5;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run back of a length and angling away just a shade outside off, hangs back and guides it towards third slip;
59.4;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run good length on off, dropped defensively to the covers;
59.3;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run back of a length and angled across off, Qdk ushers the ball to Nevill;
59.2;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run full on off stump, gets forward and pats it towards point;
59.1;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run full and angling away outside off, 140ks, Qdk chases the ball with his hands and watches it pass the outside edge;
58.6;?;Starc to Bavuma, no run superb carry to Nevill. Short and zipping through the channel outside off, left alone. Chest-high carry to the keeper;
58.5;?;Starc to Bavuma, no run short on off, hangs back and fends the ball to gully;
58.4;?;Starc to Bavuma, no run Bavuma is beaten again. Good length and zipping away just a shade outside off, Bavuma is pinned to the crease as he pushes out and misses. Loose shot;
58.3;2;Starc to Bavuma, 2 runs full and outside off, Bavuma presses forward and drives a couple in the extra-cover gap;
58.2;1;Starc to de Kock, 1 run back of a length and on the hips, loosens his grip and nudges a single to square leg. SA now lead by 100;
58.1;4;Starc to de Kock, FOUR runs short and on a set of stumps outside off, rears up, nearly 143ks, Qdk was caught between playing and leaving. Think Qdk was late to pull the bat away. Off the shoulder and rolls away to a diving gully's right;
57.6;?;Hazlewood to Bavuma, no run tight line on off, 140.8ks, blocked on the front foot;
57.5;4;Hazlewood to Bavuma, FOUR runs uppish flick to the right of short midwicket. Half-volley on the pads, Bavuma tucks into it, literally. This boundary could get him going;
57.4;?;Hazlewood to Bavuma, no run full on middle, no movement, Bavuma pokes an outside edge to extra cover;
57.3;?;Hazlewood to Bavuma, no run back of a length and angled in, straightens just enough to beat the groping bat. Bavuma was simply rooted to the crease, hanging his bat out;
57.2;?;Hazlewood to Bavuma, no run full and holds its line on off, no lateral movement, bunted to mid-on;
57.1;?;Hazlewood to Bavuma, no run back of a length and angling away outside off, left alone;
56.6;1;Starc to Bavuma, 1 run good length and straightens on middle, 143.6ks, Bavuma stays in the crease and wafts an inside edge through square leg. Bavuma sets off, aims for the second, but tumbles at the non-striker's end. Just one it is;
56.5;?;Starc to Bavuma, no run very full and aimed at off, Bavuma has to play. Front-foot drive straight to mid-off;
56.4;?;Starc to Bavuma, no run full tempter outside off, Bavuma shelves the drive, he isn't tempted;
56.3;?;Starc to Bavuma, no run short and speared down leg at nearly 140ks, past the glance;
56.2;?;Starc to Bavuma, no run short on middle and leg, hangs back and fends the ball to square leg;
56.1;?;Starc to Bavuma, no run good length and slanting away outside off, Bavuma shoulders arms;
55.6;4;Hazlewood to de Kock, FOUR runs threads the gap between midwicket and mid-on. First runs of the day, first boundary of the day. Overpitched on middle and leg, Qdk leans across and drives it serenely with the wrists;
55.5;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run full and slanting away on a set of stumps outside off, Qdk has nothing to do with it;
55.4;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run full and just a shade outside off, Qdk confidently presses forward and push-drives the ball to mid-on;
55.3;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run shortish on off, Qdk camps back and chops it behind to the keeper's left;
55.2;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run good length and angling away outside off, good bounce, left alone in the channel;
55.1;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run pretty full, 135.2ks, right in the flicking radar, but Qdk misses it and is rapped on the front pad as he falls over. But it pitched outside leg and he weathers an appeal first up;
54.6;?;Starc to Bavuma, no run good length and angled in, does not threaten off. Bavuma leaves it be;
54.5;1;Starc to de Kock, 1 run shortish on the hips, glided behind square on the leg side;
54.4;?;Starc to de Kock, no run lifter just outside off, nearly 140ks, leaps and fends it square on the off side again;
54.3;?;Starc to de Kock, no run short and rises on off, Qdk rises with it and quells it along the ground to point;
54.2;1;Starc to Bavuma, 1 run back of a length and angling into the hips, directed to fine leg;
54.1;1;Starc to de Kock, 1 run full and angled in on off, whipped to the left of mid-on;
53.6;?;Lyon to Bavuma, no run back of a length offbreak, worked with the spin to short fine leg;
53.5;4;Lyon to Bavuma, FOUR runs floated up outside off, bends forward and slap-drives it to the left of extra cover;
53.4;?;Lyon to Bavuma, no run full on the stumps, pushed back to the bowler;
53.3;?;Lyon to Bavuma, no run good length, defended;
53.2;?;Lyon to Bavuma, no run big-turning offbreak from Lyon. Extra bounce too. Not given leg-before. Flatter and breaks back in to hit the flap of the back pad. Australia don't chance a review. Probably bouncing over the stumps. Yep, the tracker confirms it;
53.1;?;Lyon to Bavuma, no run tossed-up offbreak, defended to midwicket;
52.6;?;Starc to de Kock, no run wide yorker, jammed back to the bowler;
52.5;?;Starc to de Kock, no run full and swings back in, reverse for Starc? Push-driven down the pitch;
52.4;1;Starc to Bavuma, 1 run full on middle and leg, pushed to midwicket;
52.3;?;Starc to Bavuma, no run left alone outside off;
52.2;?;Starc to Bavuma, no run full and angling away on a set of stumps outside off. Bavuma loses his patience late in the day. Reaches out for a drive, and the keeper gloves the ball in front of his waist. Bavuma did not nick it, the noise came from the bat jamming the ground;
52.1;?;Starc to Bavuma, no run short on off, hangs back and fends the ball towards point;
51.6;?;Mennie to de Kock, no run full and angling away outside off, Qdk shows restraint and shoulders arms;
51.5;?;Mennie to de Kock, no run short and just a shade outside off, hangs back and punches down to mid-off;
51.4;?;Mennie to de Kock, no run short and angling away wider outside off, Qdk lets it pass;
51.3;?;Mennie to de Kock, no run good length and angling away outside off, left alone;
51.2;?;Mennie to de Kock, no run short and outside off, flicked to square leg;
51.1;?;Mennie to de Kock, no run back of a length and outside off, shovelled to mid-on;
50.6;?;Starc to Bavuma, no run short on off, camps back and fends it back to the bowler;
50.5;2;Starc to Bavuma, 2 runs full and angling away outside off, opens the face and drives between extra cover and point;
50.4;?;Starc to Bavuma, no run 142.7ks, off-stump yorker, kept out;
50.3;?;Starc to Bavuma, no run back of a length and outside off, Bavuma was late to pull his bat away from the line. The ball rolls off the face down to the cordon;
50.2;?;Starc to Bavuma, no run full and angling away outside off, Bavuma drives away from the body, false stroke. Beaten emphatically;
50.1;1;Starc to de Kock, 1 run good length and snakes back in on middle, falls over, working to midwicket;
49.6;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run short on off, loosens his grip and fends it back down the pitch;
49.5;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run back of a length on off, tucked to square leg on the back foot;
49.4;1;Mennie to de Kock, 1 run full and outside off, angling away, Qdk eyes a leg-side flick and pops a leading edge in front of extra cover;
49.3;4;Mennie to de Kock, FOUR runs overpitched and outside off, presses forward and drills it straight down the ground;
49.2;4;Mennie to de Kock, FOUR runs short on the leg stump, the left-hander is tucked up for room. Pulls and top-edges it over backward square leg;
49.1;?;Mennie to de Kock, no run short and outside off, Qdk plays a back-foot punch to the right of extra cover;
48.6;?;Hazlewood to Bavuma, no run good length and outside off, left alone;
48.5;?;Hazlewood to Bavuma, no run short rising ball outside off, opens the face and glides it along the ground to gully;
48.4;?;Hazlewood to Bavuma, no run back of a length and angled in, hangs back and punches to midwicket;
48.3;1;Hazlewood to de Kock, 1 run short on the leg stump, swat-pulled away to long leg;
48.2;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run back of a length and angled in on off, defended to midwicket;
48.1;4;Hazlewood to de Kock, FOUR runs back of a length on middle, stands up tall and punches it sweetly past mid-on's right;
47.6;1;Mennie to de Kock, 1 run full leg-side delivery, directed to long leg;
47.5;?;Mennie to de Kock, no run back of a length on a fourth-stump line, presses forward and jabs it back to the bowler;
47.4;2;Mennie to de Kock, 2 runs short and angled in, clipped away square on the leg side;
47.3;1;Mennie to Bavuma, 1 run back of a length on middle, neatly flicked through square leg on the back foot;
47.2;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run full and holds its line outside off, not close enough to off to make the batsman play;
47.1;?;Mennie to Bavuma, no run back of a length and angled in, Bavuma yanks his bottom hand off the bat and fends it back to the bowler;
46.6;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run back of a length and outside off, jabbed out to cover point;
46.5;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run good length, angled in, straightens away. Qdk presses forward and the ball skips past the outside edge. Smith applauds from behind the stumps;
46.4;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run full and slanting into the pads, flicked to midwicket;
46.3;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run good length around off, angled in, inside-edged onto the pad;
46.2;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run full and angling into the pads, inside-edged onto the pad;
46.1;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run good length and angled in, pushed to mid-on off the inside half;
45.6;?;Lyon to Bavuma, no run worked off the pads to short leg;
45.5;?;Lyon to Bavuma, no run pushed onto the pads, defended to short leg;
45.4;?;Lyon to Bavuma, no run tossed on middle, defended to midwicket;
45.3;?;Lyon to Bavuma, no run looped up on middle, dead batted on the back foot;
45.2;?;Lyon to Bavuma, no run slides on off, Bavuma stays back and defends it in front of his toes;
45.1;1;Lyon to de Kock, 1 run full on middle, backs away outside leg and cracks a drive to mid-off's right;
44.6;?;Hazlewood to Bavuma, no run full and holds its line outside off, left alone;
44.5;?;Hazlewood to Bavuma, no run back of a length nip-backer, cramps Bavuma. He hops and fends an inside edge onto his thigh;
44.4;?;Hazlewood to Bavuma, no run back of a length and angled in just outside off, plays late, plays with soft hands and dabs to the cordon;
44.3;1lb;Hazlewood to de Kock, 1 leg bye deflected off the thigh behind square;
44.2;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run back of a length, pitches outside off, and comes in to hit the thigh pad. Pitching outside and bouncing over too;
44.1;2;Hazlewood to de Kock, 2 runs full and outside off, whipped wide of midwicket;

hadi: "@Rishabh, that is then just Dravid's opinion. His opinion is not writing in the stone! That's his outlook and he is entitled to it, just like Warner must have his own instinct about his game."
 Innings Start
Australia
South Africa
2nd Test, Hobart, Nov 12 - 15 2016, South Africa tour of Australia
85 &
326
Player of the match is Kyle Abbott, SA
South Africa won by an innings and 80 runs
