Data
And there comes the whistle and the subsequent declaration. So one hour after lunch they bat and declare with 559 for 9. Nice time to declare too, with Aus' bowlers having a good 45 minutes or 8-10 overs before tea to chip into this batting line-up. Can they get Williamson early? How will the openers face up in testing conditions? All answers after this short interval.
Connork: "Smith wanting to give everyone a bat while the pressure is off, more runs now means less runs to score in the second innings, time is no issue."
132.6;?;Bracewell to Hazlewood, no run bouncer again, Hazleood gets under it and leaves;
132.5;?;Bracewell to Hazlewood, no run shortish outside off, beaten outside off;
132.4;4;Bracewell to Hazlewood, FOUR runs creamed over short cover now. Baz letting these to get boundaries with attacking fields. Hazlewood drives this full delivery over cover, got under that well;
132.3;?;Bracewell to Hazlewood, no run bouncer, 134 ks. Outside off and Hazlewood comfortably gets under it;
132.2;?;Bracewell to Hazlewood, no run back of a length outside off, Hazlewood looks to ramp that over third man but misses;
132.1;4;Bracewell to Hazlewood, FOUR runs oh shot. Finds the gap at cover. Full and wide outside off, Hazlewood stays in his crease and times the drive past cover. Smith is all smiles and claps in the dressing room;
131.6;4;Craig to Lyon, FOUR runs ah gets down nicely and executes a fine sweep to the fine leg boundary. Would have been mighty close had he missed it.;
131.5;W;Craig to Johnson, OUT and he is gone now. Aus don't need to declare, if they are batting like this. Nice flight outside off, Johnson advances and looks to go wide over long-off. But it is wide outside off and the ball spins past. There is laziness all around. Watling thinks Johnson has edged it, but realises that Mitch has not yet bothered to make an attempt to make it back and finally whips off the bails with Johnson well short;Mitchell Johnson st ?Watling b Craig 2 (15m 10b 0x4 0x6) SR: 20;
131.4;W;Craig to Starc, OUT Starc goes now. Tossed up on off, Starc plants one foot forward, and crashes the ball high in the air. Doesn't get close to enough. The ball spins, and skews off the outside half of the bat in the air to the man at long-on.;Mitchell Starc c Latham b Craig 0 (2m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
131.3;?;Craig to Starc, no run nicely tossed up from Craig. Starc gets a front foot stride and pats this back the bowler;
131.2;?;Craig to Starc, no run flat on middle, 92 ks, driven back to the bowler;
131.1;W;Craig to Nevill, OUT and Craig gets im. Tossed up outside off, Nevill comes down and tries to hit down the ground but the ball dips late, and bounces extra, no spin and Nevill is beaten. Watling has an easy dismissal to make and he does so;Peter Nevill st ?Watling b Craig 19 (33m 21b 3x4 0x6) SR: 90.47;
130.6;?;Bracewell to Johnson, no run and another one. Good bouncer on middle and Mitch gets under it;
130.5;?;Bracewell to Johnson, no run wild slog now. back of a length on middle and off, Johnson backs away and looks to slog that over midwicket but the ball goes over the stumps;
130.4;?;Bracewell to Johnson, no run nice bouncer, Johnson gets underneath again, he is counting these bouncers, Doug;
130.3;?;Bracewell to Johnson, no run not all that short, Johnson wants to pull but the ball sneaks through and misses off stump;
130.2;?;Bracewell to Johnson, no run gives himself room and throws his hands at that, hit it to the man at cover though.;
130.1;1;Bracewell to Nevill, 1 run fullish on leg, nicely helped off his pads to deep square leg;
129.6;2;Craig to Johnson, 2 runs wonderful cricket. Nicely bowled, a bit of loop and dip but Mitch advances, and hits it down the ground. Picked a good spot to hit that but long-on runs around and makes a good stop and throws it back in;
129.5;?;Craig to Johnson, no run nicely tossed up to Mitch but quick through the air, defended;
129.4;1;Craig to Nevill, 1 run Craig flattening it out here, fired in on leg, clipped to midwicket but they get one;
129.3;?;Craig to Nevill, no run whipped to midwicket;
129.2;?;Craig to Nevill, no run steered into the off side;
129.1;4;Craig to Nevill, FOUR runs oh, nice stroke. Terrific use of the feet, gets to the pitch and lofts it over cover for four. Nice execution too.;
128.6;?;Bracewell to Johnson, no run full outside off, mis-timed to mid-on;
128.5;?;Bracewell to Johnson, no run short bouncer on off, welcome to the crease Mitch. He is bound to dish em up later. He sways out of the line;
128.4;W;Bracewell to Marsh, OUT what a catch Bracewell. Take a bow Doug. Looks like he has overstepped. Inches in it but he is over the line according to me. Very marginal call but the umpire decides it is fine. Hmm. Full and drilled back at Bracewell who is all reactions, takes an unbelievable effort to hold on to it. Marsh displaying all his might throughout the innings an now he has to go. Important wicket too for NZ.;Mitchell Marsh c & b Bracewell 34 (80m 64b 5x4 1x6) SR: 53.12;
128.3;?;Bracewell to Marsh, no run whew, whacked to mid-off. Not too full but driven to Baz who pushes himself slightly deeper at mid-off;
128.2;?;Bracewell to Marsh, no run back of a length on off, a gentle push races to mid-on. Marsh looking very ominous here;
128.1;1;Bracewell to Nevill, 1 run leg side-ish to start, clipped nicely to deep square leg;
25.6;?;Craig to Khawaja, no run some dip on this as he pitches just outside off. Left alone as the ball straightens enough to not threaten the stumps;
25.5;1;Craig to Warner, 1 run nicely tossed up, but long-on is back, and he gets a single there;
25.4;4;Craig to Warner, FOUR runs lovely shot. This is not as short as the last ball, but Warner goes deep into the crease, lets the ball come on, and opens the face late to beat point for four more. That's 4000 Test runs, and an average of 50;
25.3;4;Craig to Warner, FOUR runs flatter, shorter, Warner is quick to pick the length and pounce on it. He plays the back cut past slip for four;
25.2;?;Craig to Warner, no run Craig pulls the length back slightly. Not within swinging range for Warner, and he defends;
25.1;4;Craig to Warner, FOUR runs Warner is not going to let him bowl. Slog-sweeps first ball, over midwicket. This is deliberate, calculative and excellent batting so far;
24.6;?;Boult to Khawaja, no run on a length, outside off, left alone, collected chest high by Watling;
24.5;?;Boult to Khawaja, no run on a length, angling in, defended from the crease to leg;
24.4;?;Boult to Khawaja, no run full, angling in, defended off the front time;
24.3;?;Boult to Khawaja, no run on a length, on off, defended off the front foot;
24.2;2;Boult to Khawaja, 2 runs Khawaja likes the pull. This is shortish, waist high, he goes deep into the crease, and pulls it with the front leg in the air, gets a couple;
24.1;1;Boult to Warner, 1 run Boult begins short after lunch, and he is cut away to deep point for one;
23.6;1;Bracewell to Warner, 1 run clipped away off the pads for a single to take us through to lunch. Umpire Ravi walks to his mark, and while he is doing that Ravi's watch has clicked over to 12.30pm even though the stadiom digits show 12.29pm;
23.6;1nb;Bracewell to Warner, (no ball) left alone outside off, a tight leave as the ball shapes back in. This is a no-ball. That could also mean the next one will be the last one before lunch. Had he finished the over now, we might have had one more before lunch;
23.5;?;Bracewell to Warner, no run looks for the big drive, but the ball doesn't quite come on and he defends outside off;
23.4;1;Bracewell to Khawaja, 1 run short of a length, flick-pulled from outside off, gets a single to long leg;
23.3;?;Bracewell to Khawaja, no run good length, just outside off, and angling away. Khawaja lets it go again;
23.2;?;Bracewell to Khawaja, no run fuller, outside off, Khawaja is watchful and doesn't go for the drive;
23.1;?;Bracewell to Khawaja, no run on a length, middle and off, angling away, defended from the crease;
22.6;?;Henry to Warner, no run on a length, on off, pushed to short cover;
22.5;1;Henry to Khawaja, 1 run short of a length, tucked away off the hip for a single;
22.4;W;Henry to Burns, OUT finally a wicket. Finally some luck goes New Zealand's way. Burns has just changed his bat, but the bat has nothing to do with this dismissal. This is short of a length, Burns goes with a half-cut-half-push. The ball seams back in a little, takes the inside edge, and he is bowled;Joe Burns b Henry 40 (110m 73b 7x4 0x6) SR: 54.79;
22.3;?;Henry to Burns, no run yorker, just outside off, dug out;
22.2;1;Henry to Warner, 1 run similar delivery, but this time Warner plays with a straighter bat and gets a single to the left of mid-off;
22.1;?;Henry to Warner, no run full, some shape away, hits the outer half of Warner's bat as he defends;
21.6;3;Bracewell to Warner, 3 runs driven on the up, in front of point, and that brings up the 100 for this partnership. That brings a wider smile on Warner's face than his own fifty;
21.5;?;Bracewell to Warner, no run on a length, no room, defended off the back foot;
21.5;5nb;Bracewell to Warner, (no ball) FOUR runs and now the ramp. Warner is all over New Zealand. The bouncer sits up, Warner is off his feet to get close to the ball, and guides it over the slips;
21.4;?;Bracewell to Warner, no run short of a length, at the stumps, defended from the crease;
21.3;1;Bracewell to Burns, 1 run moves across to work this length ball to long leg from around the middle and off line;
21.2;1;Bracewell to Warner, 1 run short of a length, outside off, and he has placed this between point and cover-point. This is lovely touch batting from Warner to go with earlier power hitting;
21.1;?;Bracewell to Warner, no run on a length, on off, defended off the front foot;
20.6;?;Henry to Burns, no run nearly a yorker, dug out towards mid-off;
20.5;1;Henry to Warner, 1 run too straight this time, and he has worked this away for an easy single that brings up the fifty for Warner. He points with his bat to his mates, the crowd, and then at the sky too;
20.4;?;Henry to Warner, no run fuller change-up delivery. Draws a tentative push from Warner. From around off it takes the inside edge onto the pad;
20.3;?;Henry to Warner, no run short of a length, some extra bounce as Warner looks a little surprised as he rolls his wrists to keep it down towards point;
20.2;?;Henry to Warner, no run another bouncer, and Warner ducks under it;
20.1;?;Henry to Warner, no run bouncer at 135ks, but it stays a touch low and expectedly doesn't quite come on. Warner is through with his soft pull shot before the ball arrives, and it hits him on the back shoulder;
19.6;?;Bracewell to Burns, no run tentative defensive shot from Burns as he opens the face on a delivery he doesn't need to play at. Manages to keep it down, though;
19.5;?;Bracewell to Burns, no run short of a length, outside off, defended towards cover-point;
19.4;1;Bracewell to Warner, 1 run on a length, angling away from off, punched on the up, gets a single to deep cover;
19.3;1;Bracewell to Burns, 1 run bouncer, not exactly in control of it, but gets a single to long leg;
19.2;?;Bracewell to Burns, no run almost a yorker, outside off, dug out to mid-on;
19.1;?;Bracewell to Burns, no run full, just outside off, pushed back to Bracewell;
18.6;?;Southee to Warner, no run short of a length, middle and leg, defended from the crease;
18.5;?;Southee to Warner, no run on a length, on off, defended off the back foot. The strike rate falls under 100;
18.4;?;Southee to Warner, no run on a length, on off, defended from the crease;
18.3;2;Southee to Warner, 2 runs keeps the pull down. The ball is obeying all Warner's commands. It goes into the gap between the two men deep on the leg side. Gets a couple for it;
18.2;1;Southee to Burns, 1 run angling in from wide on the crease, worked away for a single to leg;
18.1;?;Southee to Burns, no run tight leave from Burns. On a length outside off, shapes back in a little, but this is Perth, you can leave it on length even if the ball comes back in. The test of a good tight leave, though, is if you continue not going at wide balls just because the previous leave was a tight one;
17.6;?;Bracewell to Warner, no run on a length, on off, defended from the crease;
17.5;?;Bracewell to Warner, no run on a length, on off, hits the high part of the bat as Warner defends;
17.4;1;Bracewell to Burns, 1 run short of a length, angling in, he moves inside the line to push this to leg;
17.3;?;Bracewell to Burns, no run on a length, outside off, holds its line, left alone outside off;
17.2;?;Bracewell to Burns, no run fullish, outside off, he moves across to push it to cover;
17.1;?;Bracewell to Burns, no run on a length, just outside off, defended off the front foot;
16.6;?;Southee to Warner, no run that's a beauty from Southee. On days like these, a bowling side needs some luck. No such for New Zealand. This is a length ball, just outside off, Warner defends expecting it to hold its line, but the ball seams away. The scrambles seam has done it, but he fails to kiss the edge;
16.5;?;Southee to Warner, no run bouncer, middle and leg, Warner ducks under it easily;
16.4;4;Southee to Warner, FOUR runs oh that's merciless batting. Southee overpitches a little, around off, and Warner push-drives it on the walk, straight of mid-off. What timing on it. You dare not make a small error here;
16.3;?;Southee to Warner, no run wide on the crease, angles a length ball in, defended in front of off;
16.2;?;Southee to Warner, no run short of a length, outside off, defended to leg, with the angle;
16.1;?;Southee to Warner, no run short of a length from round the wicket, looking to tuck him up, defended to leg;
15.6;4;Bracewell to Burns, FOUR runs oh there is no luck for New Zealand. Burns looks to leave a ball outside off, but does so late, but the edge dies in front of second slip. Not the best piece of fielding by Craig at second slip. Four more to Australia;
15.5;1;Bracewell to Warner, 1 run that's very good batting. Soft hands after four dots. He is not one-dimensional. He pushes a length ball towards mid-off, and sets off for a quick single;
15.4;?;Bracewell to Warner, no run again, just short of a length, no room, another defensive shot from Warner. Through to point again with soft hands, but for the first time he is being asked questions;
15.3;?;Bracewell to Warner, no run three dots in a row to Warner. Suddenly looks like something might happen. Warner pushes in front of his body as this is just outside off and holds its line. The thick edge is taken, but it falls well short of square gully;
15.2;?;Bracewell to Warner, no run fuller, shape back in again, and hits the inside half of the bat through to mid-on;
15.1;?;Bracewell to Warner, no run half an appeal for an lbw as the ball seams back in a little from short of a length to beat the inside edge, but this has pitched outside leg, the realisation of which has made them abort the appeal;
14.6;1;Southee to Warner, 1 run gets into a bit of a tangle as Southee bowls straight at the stumps, but the bat comes down in time, in front of the pad, and manages to work it wide of mid-on for one;
14.5;4;Southee to Warner, FOUR runs full and straight, middle and leg, he presents the full face of the bat, and the ball flies across the outfield through mid-on. Just a solid push this one;
14.4;?;Southee to Warner, no run on a length, on off, angling away, defended from the crease;
14.3;1;Southee to Burns, 1 run looks to go straight again with Burns shuffling across again. Burns is good enough to bring the bat down in time, and gets a single wide of mid-on;
14.2;?;Southee to Burns, no run wide on the crease, looking to beat his inside edge after he has moved across. Burns manages to defend this to mid-on;
14.1;4;Southee to Burns, FOUR runs cut away. Not in control, but the cordon is poorly populated because of the quick start. Goes fine of gully for four more;
13.6;?;Bracewell to Warner, no run on a length, on off, solid front-foot defensive from Warner;
13.5;?;Bracewell to Warner, no run on a length, hits the high part of the bat as Warner defends;
13.4;1;Bracewell to Burns, 1 run wide on a crease, slides this shortish delivery into the pads, worked away for a single;
13.3;?;Bracewell to Burns, no run half-volley this time, driven hard to short cover;
13.2;?;Bracewell to Burns, no run on a length, outside off, holds its line, left alone late. Asks the questions, though;
13.1;1;Bracewell to Warner, 1 run on a length, on the pads, and Warner gets an easy single again;
12.6;?;Southee to Burns, no run short of a length, a tight leave outside off, and that is drinks. The first hour belongs undoubtedly to the hosts. Strange, though, that two regulation edges didn't carry at the WACA Ground;
12.5;?;Southee to Burns, no run goes wide on the crease, holding its line outside off, but Burns doesn't give into the illusion of the angle. Allows this to go through to the keeper;
12.4;?;Southee to Burns, no run full, on off, pushed to mid-off;
12.3;?;Southee to Burns, no run huge huge shout for lbw. This looks really good, but S Ravi says not out. They will review it. Burns is across the stumps again, and Southee bowls at the stumps. Slight holding of the line in front of off, but Burns has got an inside edge. Ravi makes a good start to his debut in Australia. New Zealand have lost a review;
12.2;1;Southee to Warner, 1 run on the pads, and after that rare dot ball to Warner, they concede another easy single;
12.1;?;Southee to Warner, no run nice delivery. Angling away after pitching middle and leg. Defended from the crease;
11.6;?;Boult to Burns, no run Burns moves across again as he usually does, Boult goes straight, pitches this just outside leg, and there is a small appeal for a tickle down the leg side to the keeper. Not out is the call from the umpire, and they don't review it. Nothing on the snicko there;
11.5;?;Boult to Burns, no run fuller, asking him to drive, Burns refuses to give into the temptation;
11.4;?;Boult to Burns, no run on a length, outside off, Burns moves across, and makes a late decision to leave it be;
11.3;?;Boult to Burns, no run fuller, closer to off, defended solidly off the front foot;
11.2;?;Boult to Burns, no run short of a length, just outside off, defended from the crease;
11.1;1;Boult to Warner, 1 run full, middle and off, and he has worked it to leg. When was the last time they bowled a dot ball to Warner?;
10.6;4;Henry to Burns, FOUR runs short and wide, and Burns cuts at it. Not in total control of it, but there and only two slips and a gully in position. This flies to the left of gully;
10.5;?;Henry to Burns, no run again good carry. This is slightly fuller, at 138ks, and is left alone by Burns;
10.4;?;Henry to Burns, no run short of a length, 140ks, just outside off, left alone to carry head high to the keeper;
10.3;1;Henry to Warner, 1 run short of a length, on off, and he bunts this into the leg side for one. Looks like it is impossible to bowl a dot to Warner;
10.2;3;Henry to Burns, 3 runs full, outside off, still an open face as he push-drives. It goes in front of square on the off side;
10.1;1;Henry to Warner, 1 run short of a length, gets it rib high, but Warner is on his toes to punch this slightly wide of mid-off for a single;
9.6;4;Boult to Burns, FOUR runs that open face of Burns again. Wide length ball, he pushes at it with an open face. Something tells me will struggle if he opens the innings in South Africa or England. In these flat conditions, though, the ball goes straight on, and he manages to middle it, and sends it between point and gully for four;
9.5;?;Boult to Burns, no run bouncer to change it up, Burns gets under it, but he is being asked questions now;
9.4;?;Boult to Burns, no run slightly shorter, slightly wider, left alone;
9.3;?;Boult to Burns, no run on a length, just outside off, angling away a touch. Defended watchfully. Can Boult put together a string of such deliveries?;
9.2;?;Boult to Burns, no run on a length, just outside off, Burns presses forward to defend;
9.1;1;Boult to Warner, 1 run short ball first up with that changed ball, pulled to deep square leg for one;
8.6;?;Henry to Burns, no run on a length, just outside off, defended from the crease;
8.5;?;Henry to Burns, no run short of a length, outside off, allowed to go through to Watling;
8.4;4;Henry to Burns, FOUR runs not very convincing. Burns drives hard at a wide length ball with an open face, but it flies between point and gully. Nothing going New Zealand's way;
8.3;?;Henry to Burns, no run short of a length, at the stumps, defended from the crease;
8.2;1;Henry to Warner, 1 run short of a length, outside off, opens the face for a single. The point is back already;
8.1;4;Henry to Warner, FOUR runs that's what you don't want to do on a Perth morning when Warner is in full flow. Short, angling away from around off, giving him the room to cut this in front of point for four;
7.6;?;Boult to Burns, no run short of a length, 135ks again, at his hip. Burns defends to leg. Boult's best over today;
7.5;?;Boult to Burns, no run short of a length, 135ks, at the stumps, Burns defends from the crease;
7.4;?;Boult to Burns, no run full, outside off, testing length, Burns lets it go;
7.3;1;Boult to Warner, 1 run moves inside the line to clip this from middle and gets a single to leg;
7.2;?;Boult to Warner, no run that edge last ball has had no impact on Warner as he drives hard at this length ball. Short cover fields;
7.1;?;Boult to Warner, no run another edge falls short. On a length, on off, slight extra bounce, flies off the outside edge of the defensive bat, but falls short of gully;
6.6;?;Henry to Burns, no run full,. outside off, Burns moves across to defend with an open face to gully;
6.5;?;Henry to Burns, no run stays shortish again, and Burns defends solidly;
6.4;?;Henry to Burns, no run short of a length, outside off, left alone;
6.3;1;Henry to Warner, 1 run short of a length, pushed towards cover. Now sample Warner's aggressive calling. "Wait on," he shouts but he is ready to go at the same time. Short cover dives to his left, knocks it towards mid-off, but Warner is already half way down the pitch stealing that single. The "yes" is just as loud Then he has time to shout out "your end" to Burns when the throw is sent to the striker's end;
6.2;?;Henry to Warner, no run on a length, towards the top of off, Warner stays back to defend;
6.1;2;Henry to Warner, 2 runs Henry starts with a short ball, but it doesn't climb at all. Warner goes back to push it in front of square on the off side;
5.6;?;Boult to Burns, no run left alone outside off this time;
5.5;4;Boult to Burns, FOUR runs too straight from Southee or is it that Burns has moved across to create his own line? It is the latter. Southee bowls on a length, middle and off, swinging back in, but Burns has got inside the line, and tickles it fine on the leg side for four;
5.4;?;Boult to Burns, no run on a length, outside off, he goes deep in the crease before shouldering arms;
5.3;4;Boult to Burns, FOUR runs wide length ball, he pushes far away from the body, gets a thick edge that flies between gully and short cover;
5.2;?;Boult to Burns, no run on a length, outside off, holds its line, left alone;
5.1;?;Boult to Burns, no run on a length, around off, holds its line, defended off the front foot;
4.6;2;Southee to Warner, 2 runs short of a length, Warner goes back, is on his toes, then pushes it wide of cover for a couple;
4.5;?;Southee to Warner, no run short of that driving length now, and Warner lets it go;
4.4;4;Southee to Warner, FOUR runs Warner is on a roll. Southee gives him the width again, and Warner doesn't let it go. This is a wide length ball, Warner is not close to its pitch, but drives hard and drives square. At this rate we might see a deep point soon;
4.3;?;Southee to Warner, no run short of a length, at the stumps, Warner defends from the crease;
4.2;?;Southee to Warner, no run slightly shorter, Warner leaves this alone outside off;
4.1;?;Southee to Warner, no run that's a beauty from Southee. Where has this Southee been? This is fuller than a short ball, but shorter than a drivable delivery. Warner looks to defend, plays for the swing back in. The ball, though, doesn;t swing back and carries on with the angle after pitching. Beats Warner;
3.6;?;Boult to Burns, no run driven away confidently, but straight to mid-off;
3.5;?;Boult to Burns, no run oh that last ball has caused some doubt as Burns goes chasing at a wide ball. Beaten by the angle. Low bounce again. Watling has to dive to take this on the full. Shin high;
3.4;?;Boult to Burns, no run gets closer to off this time, but Burns has moved forward and across, and is confident the off stump is covered before he lets this one go through to Watling. But this ball does come back in a touch. Will it cause some doubt in his mind?;
3.3;?;Boult to Burns, no run on a length, outside off, angles away. Burns lets it go;
3.2;?;Boult to Burns, no run full, angled across Burns, who leaves it alone;
3.1;3;Boult to Warner, 3 runs the mid-off is wide, and Warner plays a solid forward-defensive through the vacant mid-off. Almost gets to the boundary;
2.6;3;Southee to Warner, 3 runs oh what form Warner is. Southee bowls a good delivery. A delivery you'd expect to be respected in the third over of a Test. Fullish, swinging back in, but Warner is on the walk as he drives this through that narrow gap between straightish extra cover and mid-off. McCullum gives a spirited chase;
2.5;?;Southee to Warner, no run throws his arms at a wide full delivery. The ball shapes back in a little to take the bottom edge. Straight into the ground it goes and through to Watling;
2.4;1lb;Southee to Burns, 1 leg bye goes wide on the crease, angles this in, tickled away off the pads, behind square on the leg side;
2.3;?;Southee to Burns, no run edge doesn't carry. At the WACA. Boy I have seen it all now. Burns pushes in front of the body, the ball holds its length, but the edge dies in front of second slip;
2.2;?;Southee to Burns, no run more swing, from a good length, but starts too wide to make Burns play;
2.1;?;Southee to Burns, no run just short of a length, some swing just outside off. Allowed to defend from the crease;
1.6;3;Boult to Burns, 3 runs a touch too full, outside off, Burns leans into it, plays the push-drive through cover for three;
1.5;?;Boult to Burns, no run on a good length outside off, shaping to swing back in but angling away. Left alone by Burns. Seems like normal cricket when Burns is on strike;
1.4;1;Boult to Warner, 1 run really full, starts middle and leg, dug out to leg for a single;
1.3;?;Boult to Warner, no run whoa that makes a sweet sound as Warner plants the front foot down again and smashes one in front of cover. Straight to that man at cover this time, though;
1.2;4;Boult to Warner, FOUR runs Warner's going at a strike rate of 400. This is a good ball. On a length, outside off, shaping away, but Warner plants the front foot and open the face to play a square-drive;
1.1;4;Boult to Warner, FOUR runs Warner is off right away. Like he has never stopped batting since Gabba. This is full, on middle and leg, Warner gets across the line and clips it through midwicket for four. That's an ominous start;
0.6;?;Southee to Burns, no run finally he pitches it up, gets some swing, easily left alone because it starts wide;
0.5;?;Southee to Burns, no run too wide, almost a wide, doesn't make him play;
0.4;?;Southee to Burns, no run the first ball on target, and he has defended it perfectly;
0.3;?;Southee to Burns, no run and he is short again. There is some moment again, but left alone easily;
0.2;?;Southee to Burns, no run short again, wide too, Burns doesn't go for the cut that early;
0.1;?;Southee to Burns, no run short ball first up, under the armpit, Burns moves across to gets inside its line;

S Ravi, in his first Test in Australia, calls "play". Three slips and a gully for Burns as Southee runs in
10.28am Rodney Hogg has spotted an easterly breeze. That helps swing. new Zealand will need it considering the situation they find themselves in. Tim Southee scratches his mark at the bowling crease. Warner and Burns walk out. WACA Ground looks a beaut. Perth has rolled out a belter of a day. Not a cloud in the sky
10.20am Gavin: "16/26!? That's more than 50%! There goes the last ounce of sympathy I had for NZ. Unleash the Warner."
Dave: "Time for McCullum to start using a George Costanza opposites approach on the coin tosses?"
Tom: "McCullum might have won 10 out of 26, but he's made the wrong decision in at least 9 of those, so it only FEELS like he always loses the toss"
10.15am "Has anyone actually done the statistics on McCullum at the toss? It seems phenomenal the number of tosses he loses." Dave, he has lost 16 of 26 tosses that he has been to in Tests
"Sid if you're referring to Neesham's tweet, he's back in NZ already for treatment on his back" Ah, apologies, Jimmy Neesh. Keep entertaining us, we will keep an eye on that Twitter feed of yours
Gocfe: "I've come in late, but my three most memorable memories of the WACA involve noises I can still clearly remember all these years later... The enormous roar of the crowd when DK Lillee skittled Viv Richards in the first over of the 'Miracle Match' (when WA defended 72 runs in a one day match in 1975), the unforgettable 'dooiing' sound of DK Lillee's aluminium bat striking the ball, and thirdly the sound of Brett Lee breaking Joe Angels arm of a short ball in a shield match... It sounded like a match snap..."
Jack: "Favourite WACA memory is attending as 6 year old, summer of 93-94, when the Windies were at the start of their downward swing, Australia on their upward swing. Ambrose, Walsh and Bishop destroying stumps and batsmen's confidence. I still remember Bishop sending the stumps of Boon and Border flying. sitting side on, as 6 year old, it seemed like they travelled half way to the boundary. "




Ha ha. On another note, I thought they took away your phones and other communication devices before you enter dressing rooms?
Graeme: "Baz needs to start sending someone else to toss the coin... it seems like he wins about 1 in 20!"
10am You can fry an egg on the pitch, says Damien Fleming on Twitter. Meanwhile Steven Smith has won the toss, and Australia are going to bat first
New Zealand have let Jimmy Neesham go for Matt Henry. That leaves Doug Bracewell with some batting to do too
Oh it's going to be exciting. A flat pitch, hard bouncy surface, a quick scoring ground, David Warner looking to score quickly, New Zealand looking to find those right in-between lengths. The next half hour is going to go slowly
9.55am
As the norm re media build up about a green seamer at the #WACA2015 #flatfart pic.twitter.com/jOI7TC8PQV ? Dean Jones (@ProfDeano) November 13, 2015


That pitch looks hard as and flat as. Will it be its "no-place-for-pretenders" self? Where only the really good can score, and only the really good can take wickets
Tim Southee is warming up, by the way
Ben: "Nothing against Wagner, but I'd prefer if they brought in Henry. Craig's batting is a real strength, so NZ can play 4 specialist bowlers."
PDhanjee: "Tim Southee warming up is he? Great news for NZ. Southee and Boult need to step up this match."
9.50am "As the crowds began to dwindle at Tests, the idiotic "development" of the WACA served simply to dissuade spectators -- where once were tree-lined (ie there was some shade) grassed banks, a concrete bunker with seats was built (esp on the Western side). Years and countless dessicated spectators later, some of the western side's concrete bunkers were replaced by . . . grassed areas. But too late, the WACA's reputation as a hot, unfriendly, hot, shadeless and hot venue was set, and the crowds have simply never returned . . . and don't get me started on what they've done to the pitch over the years." I hear you, Shel, but the pitch is back, and the grass banks are there. They have free sunscreen. And from my experience of watching cricket outside Australia too, those portable toilets are cleaner than many
Ryan: "In 1984, heading along as a kid with my Dad and brother to see the mighty Windies in a Test match and sitting on the actual WACA ground watching from behind the rope, such was the crowd size. You could almost reach out and touch Sir Viv. Magical."
Toss in 10 minutes
9.45am Steve: "My favourite memory from the WACA has to be Gilchrist's century and destruction of Panesar against England in 2006. I was recovering from a knee recon in hospital and made the nurse put it on, only sad note was not being able to be there in the flesh!"
JohnB: "Favourite WACA memories - Dennis Lillee 8-29 v Rest of the World 1971; Fredericks' 160 odd v Lillee and Thomson 1975; Mitchell Johnson 8 for v SA whenever it was. Least favourites - Curtley Ambrose's 7-1 burst; Sth Africa scoring 400 plus to win a test; Qld with Greg Chappell and Viv Richards in its side losing that one day game in 76 chasing only about 90."
Here is Mitchell Johnson himself on the imminent loss of WACA ground.
9.40am Glenn: "How can you go past the Mitchell Johnson 8fa at against the South Africa a few years back. Scary spell of bowling!!"
"That poem must have been written by a New Zealander -it's the only language that can make a rhyme between spin and sun." Ha ha, Phil. "It's a sux off the pids," I have heard that on the radio there. Anyway this is Roy Harper
Prashant: "Change is inevitable Sid.. So lets hope the change of venue from WACA to another ground will have positive impact on cricket!"
Speaking of change, Australia have named an unchanged XI for this Test. New Zealand, well they are not so sure. They might bring in the fiery and full-of-heart Neil Wagner. Tim Southee is expected to be declared fit
9.30am When the day is done and the ball has spun in the umpires pocket away
And all remains in the groundsman's pains for the rest of time and a day
There'll be one mad dog and his master, pushing for four with the spin
On a dusty pitch with two pounds six of willow wood in the sun
In this modern world, when an old cricket ground hosts a Test, you never know when it is done. Especially if it is the cranky old bastard of Test grounds. I can almost imagine WACA Ground responding to anyone who asks it how it is doing: "Better than you, chico." In the wild wild west of Australia, arguably the most isolated city in the world, the most storied cricket ground of all is close to hosting its last Test. One of these days all that will remain is the groundsmen's pain at this two-fingered salute to sameness. Let's enjoy it until then, though.
A fixture of many a life is leaving. Bill Lawry hardly commentates now, and there won't be a WACA ground either. Fair to say we have heard the last of "It's all happening at the WACA ground." This is Sidharth Monga, welcoming you to Cricinfo's live coverage of the second Test of this series between Australia and New Zealand, widely believed to be the second-last Test to be played at the WACA ground. Do share with me your favourite stories of the WACA ground. There is half an hour to go to the toss
 Innings Start
12.19pm Terrific effort from New Zealand to take the lead, giving themselves a real chance to push for the win. What they will need is quick, early wickets to pile on the pressure on Aus. Firstly, they will need to remove David Warner. Ross Taylor's splendid 290, along with KW's 166 has set this match up nicely. It isn't lunch yet, so we will have one over before lunch. What a time to take a wicket.
Dan: "For excitement's sake I'm hoping for a couple of quick wickets. That would really set this match on fire."
153.5;W;Lyon to Taylor, OUT caught at deep square leg, Jonny Wells the sub, takes the catch! No 300 for Taylor, but that is still a mounumental innings - the highest score ever made by a visiting batsman in Australia, broke a century-old record. Looks like he wanted to get quick move on and trusted his strong slog sweep to work for him. But Lyon's flight and the fact that this was outside off left just too much risk on the shot. Top-edged and taken nicely with a slide. Calm effort from Wells there;Ross Taylor c sub (JW Wells) b Lyon 290 (567m 374b 43x4 0x6) SR: 77.54;
153.4;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run shorter delivery just outside off, patted towards short third man;
153.3;1;Lyon to Boult, 1 run that's an inside edge, that's a chance, that's the lower-order batsman's rush of blood;
153.2;?;Lyon to Boult, no run stays back to a flatter delivery on off stump and knocks it to Burns under the lid. Tries to drag a loopy delivery from outside off - looking for a hit to long-on - and ends up skewing it just to the right of short midwicket;
153.1;1;Lyon to Taylor, 1 run back over the wicket and Taylor uses the angle into him and the spin in the same direction to pull out his favourite, and brutal, slog sweep to square leg;
152.6;?;Smith to Boult, no run pushed through on off stump, defended;
152.5;?;Smith to Boult, no run a shade shorter, Boult steps back in his crease and defends;
152.4;?;Smith to Boult, no run that seems a googly? Yes! Lands it just outside off, doesn't get too much spin, Boult did not read it but defended;
152.3;?;Smith to Boult, no run nicely drifting in on middle, pulls Boult forward with a block;
152.2;?;Smith to Boult, no run goes back to block a flatter delivery outside off;
152.1;1;Smith to Taylor, 1 run saw the flight early, picked the line nicely too, and comes forward with a little paddle sweep. Single;
151.6;?;Lyon to Boult, no run nicely defended to end the over. Well, nicely enough off the inside edge onto pad;
151.5;?;Lyon to Boult, no run steps forward to block a flighted ball;
151.4;1;Lyon to Taylor, 1 run his 288th run and that's the highest score by a visiting batsman in Australia. And it comes off a beautifully straight stroke, reaches the pitch and pats it back down to long-off. Beats a record that has stood over a century! RE Foster's from 1903!;
151.3;1;Lyon to Boult, 1 run inside edge, but it goes behind short leg. Burnsy did not have a chance. Lovely bowling to pull him forward, and then get it to dip to cause the mistake;
151.2;?;Lyon to Boult, no run looped up outside off, leans forward to block;
151.1;1;Lyon to Taylor, 1 run goes back and nudges it behind square leg for a single.;
150.6;4;Hazlewood to Boult, FOUR runs banged in short, Boulty doesn't mind it there at Hazlewood's pace, and pulls viciously. No intention to keep it down and that makes it 16 off the over;
150.5;4;Hazlewood to Boult, FOUR runs and another! This one sliced over mid-off. Same technique, that front leg is ditched down leg, to allow the room he wants to loft it over the infield;
150.4;6;Hazlewood to Boult, SIX runs nothing iffy about that. Clears that front leg and swings free over long-on! It was a length ball - the absolute sin in ODI cricket - and tailenders often don't care they're wearing whites when they see that length;
150.3;1;Hazlewood to Taylor, 1 run fuller delivery outside off, drives solidly through extra cover;
150.2;1;Hazlewood to Boult, 1 run oooh, he nearly popped it back! Backs away, instead of the running across movement he has been doing. Then he just pats the ball back over the wickets at the other end. A checked flat-batted tonk;
150.1;?;Hazlewood to Boult, no run "whoa," yelps Boulty as he plays at one he did not intend at. Or maybe he did. It was very weird. Short delivery, rising up outside off, he pulled his hands up and tapped it into the off side;
149.6;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run but it is not on offer, even with Taylor trying his hardest to reach a flatter, quicker one down leg;
149.5;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run worked away to short fine leg. now he should try to take a single.;
149.4;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run some turn and the usual bounce that Lyon gets to make him a dangerous prospect. Taylor was half-forward to tickle it around the corner, struck on the chest, I thought;
149.3;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run that time a shade shorter and Taylor uses the safety of the crease and taps it to the leg side;
149.2;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run nudged back at the bowler as Lyon flights it on off stump;
149.1;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run steps forward to the pitch of a flighted one and taps it all the way to long-on. He's as interested in a single as giving his wicket away;
148.6;?;Hazlewood to Boult, no run short bouncer outside off, Boult backs into the delivery but gets under it;
148.5;?;Hazlewood to Boult, no run 133.7 ks, full on off, drilled to mid-on;
148.4;?;Hazlewood to Boult, no run and Boult moves across to clip to square leg, exposed all three stumps to that. Very dangerous stuff with that ball tailing back in;
148.3;1;Hazlewood to Taylor, 1 run short of a length on off, turned to deep midwicket. He will take the single now to move to 285. Boult has three to survive;
148.2;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run tailing back in on off, Taylor stays in his crease and turns the ball to midwicket. No run there either;
148.1;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run good length on off, pushed to deep cover. No run.;
147.6;1;Lyon to Taylor, 1 run long-on is back and Taylor finds him well, drives with the spin to the man to keep strike;
147.5;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run interesting. Tossed up on off, blocked;
147.4;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run shortish again on leg, no flight as yet. Taylor goes back to defend.;
147.3;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run flatter on leg, worked to square leg;
147.2;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run 81.4 ks, full on off, pushed to the mid-off region;
147.1;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run tossed up outside off, driven powerfully to deep cover. No run;
146.6;?;Johnson to Boult, no run clipped to fine leg, they think of the single and then decide against it;
146.5;?;Johnson to Boult, no run 141 ks, full and wide outside off, Boult somehow gets beaten. A lot of somehows here;
146.4;2;Johnson to Boult, 2 runs he gets it though, he'll come back for two. And that is 600 for NZ. Driven past mid-off, enough power on it to get a couple;
146.3;?;Johnson to Boult, no run 136 ks, full outside off. Boult shuffles to the ball and is beaten.;
146.2;?;Johnson to Boult, no run Boult mixing up his stance well. This time he backs away and guides a length delivery to point;
146.1;?;Johnson to Boult, no run full on middle and leg, Boult is backing away towards off and the ball is fired on leg and middle. Boult does well to clip;
145.6;?;Starc to Taylor, no run nope he can't. Starc is too good. Fuller than a good length on off, defended into the leg side;
145.5;?;Starc to Taylor, no run 141.5 ks, good length on off, solidly defended;
145.4;4;Starc to Taylor, FOUR runs that will be four. Full and wide, the field is up. Taylor cuts nicely past point for four. 283 now;
145.3;1lb;Starc to Boult, 1 leg bye short on off, Boult gets inside the line and the ball lobs off the thigh pad and past short leg for a single;
145.2;1;Starc to Taylor, 1 run very well done by Nevill. Lobbed off his thigh pad after the bat towards fine leg, Nevill runs around and without looking returns the throw, and it is quite good too. Taylor slips and says no;
145.1;?;Starc to Taylor, no run Taylor won't take the single now. Yorker on off, defended to deep cover and refuses the single;
144.6;4;Johnson to Boult, FOUR runs just wide off gully! And Boult will get four runs. Agonisingly wide. Full and wide, Boult goes for the drive and gets a thick outside edge which flies away past gully and to the fence. How unlucky has MJ been;
144.5;?;Johnson to Boult, no run 139.8 ks, full on off. Boult defends nicely;
144.4;?;Johnson to Boult, no run shuffles across, gets inside the line but the ball is short down leg, Boult doesn't need to play that;
144.3;1;Johnson to Taylor, 1 run 137.7 kph, driven to deep cover for one. He takes the single so Boult has three to survive;
144.2;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run pushed back down the ground;
144.1;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run back of a length outside off, defended into the off side. Yup, time to farm the strike;
143.6;?;Starc to Boult, no run 147 ks, Boult does well. Full on off and somehow Boult maanges to defend;
143.5;?;Starc to Boult, no run excellent yorker, 145.9 kph. On off but Boult somehow manages to gets some bat on that;
143.4;?;Starc to Boult, no run 145 kph, full on middle with some late swing. Boult gets his full body in front of the stumps to defend;
143.3;?;Starc to Boult, no run 144.8 ks, yorker outside off, squirted out to midwicket;
143.2;W;Starc to Southee, OUT and Starc gets the wicket. Low full toss on middle, Southee looks to drive but can only bunt the ball back to Starc who takes an easy return catch. Starc gets another and he will be quite happy with that;Tim Southee c & b Starc 21 (23m 23b 3x4 1x6) SR: 91.3;
143.1;?;Starc to Southee, no run 143 ks, full on off, skewed to midwicket.;
142.6;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run he wants one but mid-off is quick on it, to prevent the run. Full outside off and just a push travels to mid-off;
142.5;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run 136 ks, outside off and pushed to mid-off;
142.4;4;Johnson to Taylor, FOUR runs glove and four to the fine leg boundary. Short down leg, Taylor gets some glove on his pull and he will get another boundary, wringing his hand after that shot;
142.3;2;Johnson to Taylor, 2 runs outside edge, goes towards deep gully. He comes back for the second and makes it with an awkward dive;
142.2;2;Johnson to Taylor, 2 runs whipped off his pads to deep square leg, he makes it back for the second;
142.1;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run 129 ks, keeps low. full outside off, Taylor plays forward to that but keeps low outside off;
141.6;?;Lyon to Southee, no run maiden, helped on its way to short fine leg with the spin;
141.5;?;Lyon to Southee, no run flight but lands it short on leg, turned to short leg;
141.4;?;Lyon to Southee, no run tossed up again on leg, defended;
141.3;?;Lyon to Southee, no run shortish on off, 82.9 ks. Southee goes back and wants to cut but the ball spins back in, and squeezed back;
141.2;?;Lyon to Southee, no run nice flight, tossed up on middle and leg, Southee plays inside the line and is struck on the pad;
141.1;?;Lyon to Southee, no run full down leg, a bit pf pad and then to Burns at short leg;
140.6;1;Johnson to Southee, 1 run full outside off, and driven to deep mid-on for another single to keep strike;
140.5;?;Johnson to Southee, no run 139.8 ks, full and wide outside off. Southee looks to go down the ground with a heave but misses;
140.4;4;Johnson to Southee, FOUR runs straying down leg and Southee flicks this to the fine leg boundary. Easy runs. All he needed to do was get some bat on it and that he does.;
140.3;?;Johnson to Southee, no run short down leg, Southee is late on the pull and misses;
140.2;6;Johnson to Southee, SIX runs connect and whacked. Tonked way over midwicket. What a stroke that is. Wow. Shortish on off, Southee stays in the crease and flat-bats a pull way over the boundary, what a stroke that is.;
140.1;?;Johnson to Southee, no run back of a length on leg, Southee gets a bit of bat as he backs away, and hits it back to the bowler;
139.6;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run full and tailing back in, defended;
139.5;4;Hazlewood to Taylor, FOUR runs of the glove and to the fine leg boundary. A bit leg side-ish and taylor tries to flick but it takes the glove and evades the keeper;
139.4;1;Hazlewood to Southee, 1 run short on leg, rocks back and pulled powerfully to deep square leg;
139.3;?;Hazlewood to Southee, no run fullish and tailing back in, down leg yet again, Southee cannot connect with the flick;
139.2;?;Hazlewood to Southee, no run nice bouncer, aimed at the throat. Southee does not pick that line. He thinks of swaying out of the line and then ducks;
139.1;?;Hazlewood to Southee, no run 135 ks, full and tailing back in. A bit of late swing, Southee looks to flick but is a bit late on it and gets struck on the pads, down leg though;
138.6;1;Starc to Southee, 1 run 141.2 ks. Full yorker, low full toss in fact outside off, thick outside edge races to that man at fly slip. They take the single;
138.5;4;Starc to Southee, FOUR runs oh, what timing. And NZ take the lead with that shot! What a stroke that is. Full on leg, Southee clears one foot and whips this with a lot of elegance to the midwicket boundary;
138.4;4;Starc to Southee, FOUR runs over the slips and four! Full and wide outside off, Southee goes after it and gets a thick outside edge which flies over gully for four. No chance for any fielder.;
138.3;?;Starc to Southee, no run back of a length outside off, Southee sways out of the line nicely;
138.2;?;Starc to Southee, no run 149.6 ks, getting closer to that 150 clicks. Fullish and swinging away, Southee pushes to mid-off;
138.1;W;Starc to Henry, OUT bowled im. Henry has to go. Terrific delivery. Full on middle, and angles away slightly, Henry plays inside the line like he has been doing all innings. He is beaten and the off stump is taken out. Starc has a deserving wicket.;Matt Henry b Starc 6 (20m 12b 1x4 0x6) SR: 50;
137.6;4;Hazlewood to Taylor, FOUR runs once more he goes over the top. Full outside off, Taylor goes over mid-off this time and clears the fielder again. Just about reaches the boundary;
137.5;4;Hazlewood to Taylor, FOUR runs and Taylor goes over it Good length outside off, taylor stays in his crease and heaves one over mid-on for a boundary. Easy runs again as long as he cleared the fielder;
137.4;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run dug in short on leg, Taylor gets under it;
137.3;4;Hazlewood to Taylor, FOUR runs oh, nice shot! The perfect straight drive. Too full again on off, Taylor times his drive with the full face of the bat, past the stumps too and four more;
137.2;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run 133 kph, full outside off, no swing. Pushed to cover;
137.1;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run 132 ks, full on middle and leg, driven with that inward angle to mid-on;
136.6;?;Starc to Henry, no run full and wide, missed his yorker again. Left alone;
136.5;4;Starc to Henry, FOUR runs oh no. This isn't going to help Starc's mood. Full and angled away outside off, Henrey stays in his crease and drives, no feet movement. A thick outside edge races away to the third man boundary past gully;
136.4;?;Starc to Henry, no run 142. 7 ks, full and wide inviting a drive and Henry goes after it, misses completely. No feet movement at all, just a stand-and-deliver stroke;
136.3;1;Starc to Taylor, 1 run aah, straying on middle and leg and turned away to deep square leg for an easy run;
136.2;?;Starc to Taylor, no run good length on off, Taylor gets behind the line to defend;
136.1;?;Starc to Taylor, no run 140.7 ks, short and wide outside off. Left alone this time, farming the strike in the early part of the over. Good strategy or just left alone respectfully;
135.6;2;Hazlewood to Henry, 2 runs driven with a lot of power but not enough timing to deep cover. He tried to hit that too hard but mis-timed a drive to deep cover where deep point gets around to haul it in;
135.5;?;Hazlewood to Henry, no run 131.9 ks, short outside off, Henry sways out of the line nicely;
135.4;?;Hazlewood to Henry, no run 132.2 ks, good length outside off. Left well alone;
135.3;?;Hazlewood to Henry, no run full on off, all three stumps visible. Driven to the bowler.;
135.2;?;Hazlewood to Henry, no run ooh, close. An inside edge? Fullish and coming back in to Henry, who misses on the inside edge. No edge, just going down leg;
135.1;?;Hazlewood to Henry, no run backs away to play an awkward defense. 134 ks. Good length and played away towards mid-on;
134.6;?;Starc to Taylor, no run fullish and slightly wide, left alone. Lots of trust in Henry;
134.5;4;Starc to Taylor, FOUR runs and that will be it! He goes after that and gets the gap through extra cover. No extravagant celebration, short and wide with point up. Taylor creams it to get to 250. Terrific knock Rosco! take a bow;
134.4;2;Starc to Taylor, 2 runs full and wide, taylor moves closer to 250 with another brace. Driven with a flat-batted stroke through cover;
134.3;?;Starc to Taylor, no run 145 lks, good length down leg, Taylor plays inside the line, that may have cut off a crack. I think Starc was aiming for the body there;
134.2;?;Starc to Taylor, no run better, good length on off and respectfully blocked;
134.1;4;Starc to Taylor, FOUR runs four more, more frustration for Starc. Shortish and wide, not too wide though and Taylor flays a cut, a thick outside edge flies over gully this time for four more. Slashed hard at that;
133.6;?;Lyon to Henry, no run nice flight and pace again from Lyon. He has started well, driven with the spin to mid-on;
133.5;?;Lyon to Henry, no run tossed up on off, pushed back to the bowler;
133.4;W;Lyon to Craig, OUT and Craig has to go now. Tossed up again, Lyon doesn't mind one good hit. Same loop and flight, Craig goes down to hit in the same spot but gets too close to the ball and skews it off the inside half of the bat to midwicket. Easy catch in front of his face. The bat may have turned in his hand too.;Mark Craig c Johnson b Lyon 15 (50m 38b 1x4 1x6) SR: 39.47;
133.3;?;Lyon to Craig, no run tossed up outside off, defended;
133.2;6;Lyon to Craig, SIX runs oh, super shot. Takes everyone by surprise. Comes down and launches one back over Lyon's head. Picked his shot and executed really nicely. Well played Craig;
133.1;?;Lyon to Craig, no run short and wide, this time a powerful cut goes to extra cover;
132.6;?;Starc to Taylor, no run that is a better length, 144.8 ks. Fuller than a good length outside off, takes the outside half of the bat and then to point;
132.5;?;Starc to Taylor, no run fullish, tailing away, nice angle. Pushed to mid-off;
132.4;1;Starc to Craig, 1 run 143.8 kph, fullish on leg, very close to a run-out if there was a direct hit. Pushed to mid-on and he wants one, Marsh hurries in and misses the stumps. Craig was gone if he hit;
132.3;?;Starc to Craig, no run back of a length on leg, Craig goes back and outside the line of the delivery to defend;
132.2;?;Starc to Craig, no run cranking that pace up here is TSarc, touches 145 ks now. Looks for that yorker but ends up in a low full toss which is driven back at Starc;
132.1;?;Starc to Craig, no run 143.8 ks, terrific delivery. Short on middle, climbing and climbing but Craig plays it well. Gets high and rides the bounce to play it down. Well done;
131.6;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run nicely tossed up outside off, driven to mid-off. Too full and so the against-the-spin shot was easy;
131.5;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run this time he connects with the nudge but straight to square leg;
131.4;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run slower through the air but on middle and leg, Taylor surprisingly misses his flick and is hit high on the thigh pad;
131.3;1;Lyon to Craig, 1 run tossed up outside off, driven nicely towards mid-off for one;
131.2;?;Lyon to Craig, no run and again, two minds of front foot or back foot? Eventually, neither ere or there and another cut is missed;
131.1;?;Lyon to Craig, no run short and wide again, Craig hurries back to cut but misses;
130.6;?;Starc to Taylor, no run boo. Full and wide outside off, Taylor shows more respect to Starc and leaves;
130.5;?;Starc to Taylor, no run and again, all strokes on day 4. Short and wide outside off, Taylor tries to drag his pull to square leg but the ball is too wide and he fails to make contact altogether. This looks fun.;
130.4;?;Starc to Taylor, no run full and wide, Taylor drives powerfully again, throwing his hands at almost everything now. Beaten;
130.3;4;Starc to Taylor, FOUR runs 143 ks, excellent start for Starc. Full and tailing away outside off, Taylor drives and tries to hit that powerfully but the ball races past gully off a thick outside edge. More frustration.;
130.2;2;Starc to Taylor, 2 runs good delivery, full and swinging in to Taylor's pads who flicks this very hurriedly into the gap at midwicket for a couple;
130.1;?;Starc to Taylor, no run 142.3 ks, good length outside off, Taylor gets behind that to defend;
129.6;?;Lyon to Craig, no run short and wide, cut away to extra cover;
129.5;?;Lyon to Craig, no run some more loop and drift outside off, driven into the off side;
129.4;?;Lyon to Craig, no run shortish and wide, left alone;
129.3;?;Lyon to Craig, no run slow through the air, 86 ks. Pushed back to the bowler;
129.2;1;Lyon to Taylor, 1 run pushed down to long-on off the front foot;
129.1;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run a nice loopy offspinner to start, a block to start the day;
128.6;?;Starc to Craig, no run 145.5 ks, yorker on middle. Terrific effort. Craig gets his pad out of the way and blocks and that will be the end of the day.;
128.5;?;Starc to Craig, no run short outside off, left alone;
128.4;?;Starc to Craig, no run this is some splendid effort late in the day. Good length outside off, beaten outside off. Terrific determination. 144.5 ks;
128.3;?;Starc to Craig, no run 144.4 ks, full on middle, coming back in. Pushed to mid-on;
128.2;?;Starc to Craig, no run aah nice change-up. Short bouncer outside off, Craig sways out of the line;
128.1;?;Starc to Craig, no run good length on off, he gets behind the line and blocks;
127.6;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run flat outside off, thick outside edge goes to point;
127.5;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run and again, some more flight and loop. Blocked. All fielders are in;
127.4;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run defended off the front foot;
127.3;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run comes over the wicket, slightly slower and short outside off, defensively played;
127.2;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run a bit short on off and middle, blocked;
127.1;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run pushed back at the bowler;
126.6;?;Starc to Craig, no run very late in the day, Smith goes for the review. Short ball on leg, Craig shuffles across and tries to flick but misses. There was some sound as it passed, not sure what that was. Nothing on hotspot on the trouser or the bat. Real-time snicko says a slight spike as the ball flicks the trouser. And rightly been given not out. Smith is not very happy, there is a tiny little spike as the ball beats the bat on RTS. That was so small that it was deemed inconsequential and inconclusive.;
126.5;?;Starc to Craig, no run tries that yorker again, misses the length and ends up as a low full toss, driven to mid-off;
126.4;?;Starc to Craig, no run shortish and wide, he goes after it and is beaten;
126.3;?;Starc to Craig, no run 145 kph at this time of the day, really good stuff from Starcy. Impressive attitude. Yorker outside off, keeps it out with a block;
126.2;?;Starc to Craig, no run fuller length outside off, Craig is hanging back and somehow squeezes this out to point;
126.1;?;Starc to Craig, no run what a ball. Yorker at 143 ks to the left-hander, some tail back in as well. Unplayable stuff, dug out to the bowler. Great effort;
125.6;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run slower with a bit of flight and loop but on leg and easily quelled;
125.5;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run short on leg, 84 ks. Turned out to midwicket with the spin;
125.4;1;Lyon to Craig, 1 run flight outside off, driven with a bit of power through the off side- towards cover for one;
125.3;?;Lyon to Craig, no run tossed up on off, defended under his eyes;
125.2;1;Lyon to Taylor, 1 run played against the spin with the open face to point;
125.1;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run short on leg, worked to Burns;
124.6;4;Johnson to Craig, FOUR runs quality stroke. Full on middle, Craig does not move his feet but the ball is straight enough and full enough, drills an on-drive for four. Lovely shot;
124.5;?;Johnson to Craig, no run 140.7 ks, good short delivery outside off, Craig sways out of the line to leave;
124.4;?;Johnson to Craig, no run full down leg, too wide in fact;
124.3;1;Johnson to Taylor, 1 run blunted into the leg side for one;
124.2;4;Johnson to Taylor, FOUR runs full and wide, Taylor throws his hands at it and finds a gap past gully for four. Slashed hard at that and NZ have 500;
124.1;2;Johnson to Taylor, 2 runs angled in on off and middle, skewed off the inside half towards midwicket for a couple;
123.6;?;Lyon to Craig, no run tossed up outside off, driven through point;
123.5;1;Lyon to Taylor, 1 run 88.4 ks, flat on leg, turned away with the spin to fine leg for one;
123.4;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run flat on middle and leg, pushed to midwicket;
123.3;1;Lyon to Craig, 1 run shortish and wide, cut away off the back foot to point;
123.2;?;Lyon to Craig, no run driven to mid-on;
123.1;?;Lyon to Craig, no run edged! And falls short and a drop. Thick edge and Nevill drops a tough chance and lobs up towards Smith at slip who dives forward but cannot reach;
122.6;2;Johnson to Taylor, 2 runs 139.7 ks, shortish but not too wide, RT rocks back and punches in front of point for a couple;
122.5;1;Johnson to Craig, 1 run 142 kph, full outside off. Craig drives well through covers for one;
122.4;1;Johnson to Taylor, 1 run 137.7 ks, short and wide, punched with a good amount of power to deep point for the single;
122.3;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run fuller length outside off, pushed to cover;
122.2;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run back of a length on off and middle, defended into the off side towards covers;
122.1;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run short and wide, left alone watchfully;
122.1;5w;Johnson to Taylor, 5 wide bounced off a crack and goes well over the keeper. Nothing Nevill can do. Short on leg, the ball legcuts and bounces well past leg for four. Taylor leaves well;
121.6;?;Lyon to Craig, no run nice loop and drift to the left-hander. A bit of turn too and defended off the front foot;
121.5;1;Lyon to Taylor, 1 run easily nudged off his pads to deep square leg for one;
121.4;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run shortish on off, played out carefully;
121.3;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run tossed up on off, blocked off the front foot;
121.2;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run and again, this time a touch shorter on off, Taylor rocks back to nudge to midwicket;
121.1;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run tossed up on middle and leg, whipped to midwicket;
120.6;W;Johnson to Bracewell, OUT this time he gets the edge. No celebrations from Mitch. He has got his first. Full and wide again, there to be hit again and this time he gets closer to it but not close enough. Gets a thin outside edge for the keeper to take. Can the confidence of a wicket spark MJ back into action?;Doug Bracewell c ?Nevill b Johnson 12 (50m 40b 0x4 1x6) SR: 30;
120.5;?;Johnson to Bracewell, no run full on leg, clipped to mid-on who runs around and makes a good diving stop;
120.4;?;Johnson to Bracewell, no run 141 ks, ooh, naughty shot. Full and wide, it was there to go after though. Bracewell throws his hands at it but makes no contact;
120.3;?;Johnson to Bracewell, no run 137 ks, full and outside off, Bracewell plays the Williamson-style guide to the slip cordon;
120.2;?;Johnson to Bracewell, no run short delivery on leg, very similar delivery. Bracewell wants nothing to do with it, lets it go;
120.1;?;Johnson to Bracewell, no run short bouncer on leg, Bracewell gets underneath;
119.6;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run 89 kph, quick through the air on off. Defensively played;
119.5;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run shortish on off and middle, punched back;
119.4;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run whipped with the spin to midwicket;
119.3;1b;Lyon to Bracewell, 1 bye some turn and bounce, slower on leg but the ball bounces extra and Nevill cannot collect cleanly;
119.2;1;Lyon to Taylor, 1 run worked away with the spin towards square leg. Jon Wells picks up cleanly and throws it back in;
119.1;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run short on leg, turned to fine leg;
118.6;?;Hazlewood to Bracewell, no run fullish now, angled back in yet again outside off. Played out defensively into the leg side with the angle;
118.5;?;Hazlewood to Bracewell, no run good length on off, slants back in to Bracewell who goes back and gets behind the line really nicely;
118.4;?;Hazlewood to Bracewell, no run short on leg, Bracewell ducks underneath;
118.3;1;Hazlewood to Taylor, 1 run shortish again on middle, Taylor stands tall and fends the ball towards deep square leg to get off strike;
118.2;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run clipped to midwicket;
118.1;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run Warner has missed the stumps. Only a direct hit would have had him and Warner picked up cleanly, and threw at the non-strikers end but he misses. Chopped to point, Bracewell wants one and keeps coming but is sent back;
117.6;?;Lyon to Bracewell, no run beautiful drift and flight, slow outside off, Bracewell comes forward to defend, gets a thick inside edge that goes towards short midwicket;
117.5;1;Lyon to Taylor, 1 run turned to the leg side with the spin;
117.4;4;Lyon to Taylor, FOUR runs very very rare, he drives it wide of mid-off who gets to that and lets it go through. Wow, Aus won't be happy.;
117.3;1;Lyon to Bracewell, 1 run comes down and drills a drive with the spin to long-on;
117.2;1;Lyon to Taylor, 1 run nicely swept to deep fine leg, gets down early and executes well;
117.1;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run slower and short, punched into the leg side;
116.6;1;Hazlewood to Taylor, 1 run overly full outside off, presenting Rosco with a simple opportunity to throw his hands at that and find the gap through cover;
116.5;1;Hazlewood to Bracewell, 1 run back of a length outside off, beautifully punched to backward point. Bracewell not looking too bad. The point fielder makes a diving stop;
116.4;?;Hazlewood to Bracewell, no run nicely driven but straight to the bowler. Full and angled back in on off;
116.3;?;Hazlewood to Bracewell, no run 134.8 ks, full and wide outside off, this one moved away a touch. Good bowling this. Left alone;
116.2;?;Hazlewood to Bracewell, no run yes some definite inswing. The ball moving back in late, Bracewell gets behind the line to defend;
116.1;?;Hazlewood to Bracewell, no run good length on off, a hint of inswing. Blocked watchfully;
115.6;2;Lyon to Taylor, 2 runs slower outside off, but Taylor gets down early again and plays a fine paddle sweep towards fine leg;
115.5;1;Lyon to Bracewell, 1 run;
115.4;6;Lyon to Bracewell, SIX runs shot! Gets to the pitch of the ball and launches this over the long-off boundary. Terrific execution and once he got to the pitch, it was a relatively safe shot. Showing good technique here is Dougie.;
115.3;?;Lyon to Bracewell, no run dances down the track and drills the drive back to the bowler;
115.2;1;Lyon to Taylor, 1 run slightly quick through the air, Taylor gets down early to sweep and executes nicely, Rolled his wrists on it and kept it down to fine leg;
115.1;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run flight on off, taylor presses forward to offer the full face of the bat in defense;
114.6;?;Hazlewood to Bracewell, no run slightly wider outside off, left alone. 137 ks;
114.5;?;Hazlewood to Bracewell, no run short ball on leg, Bracewell is slightly early on it and the ball strikes him on the arm. Good change in the length;
114.4;?;Hazlewood to Bracewell, no run 136.5 kph, full outside off, solidly blocked off the front foot. Defended watchfully, good technique;
114.3;1;Hazlewood to Taylor, 1 run tucked off his pads towards deep square leg;
114.2;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run outside off, slightly wider outside off. That one tailed in but Taylor played inside that line, beaten;
114.1;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run gentle delivery to start but it is tailing back just a touch, on off and so carefully defended;
113.6;?;Lyon to Bracewell, no run good offbreak, poses a question. Bracewell plays back again, may have managed an inside edge onto the pad;
113.5;?;Lyon to Bracewell, no run loopier from Lyon as Bracewell replies with a dead bat;
113.4;?;Lyon to Bracewell, no run Lyon shortens his length as Bracewell slithers across off in defence;
113.3;1;Lyon to Taylor, 1 run Taylor bends low, fetches this from outside off, slog-sweeping it to deep midwicket. Controlled hit;
113.2;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run flighted on off, blocked carefully;
113.1;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run the returning Lyon hits the pad with an offbreak as the batsman plays back;
112.6;2;Starc to Bracewell, 2 runs back of a length and hurtles in with the angle, Bracewell camps back and clips a couple to leg... and the deficit has been brought to double figures;
112.5;?;Starc to Bracewell, no run back of a length and angled outside off, straightens a bit. Punchily blocked to cover;
112.4;?;Starc to Bracewell, no run lifter angled in at 142.9ks, the batsman ducks under it;
112.3;?;Starc to Bracewell, no run yorker length targeting off, squeezed back to the bowler;
112.2;?;Starc to Bracewell, no run back of a length, angled in, and boings off the surface to nearly take the outside edge;
112.1;?;Starc to Bracewell, no run 148.8ks, pretty full and angled in on off, driven to cover;
111.6;4;Marsh to Taylor, FOUR runs width on offer outside off, Taylor loves it there. He flashes a cut behind point. He is the second quickest NZ batsman to 5000 Test runs, says Bharat Seervi;
111.5;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run shortish and on off, Taylor gets across in defence again;
111.4;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run banged in, Taylor rises with it, puts the pull in the locker and ends up fending it to leg. He removes the glove and wrings his hands in pain;
111.3;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run back of a length and outside off, Taylor is solid in defence;
111.2;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run good length and on off, Taylor slides across in defence;
111.1;1;Marsh to Bracewell, 1 run tucked off the pads in front of square;
110.6;?;Starc to Taylor, no run 142.6, lifting short ball, the batsman is up on his tippy toes to blunt it;
110.5;1lb;Starc to Bracewell, 1 leg bye full and angled in, tickled off the pads to short fine. Doug Bracewell was late to respond to the ball. The sub fielder can't throw the stumps down. Bracewell puts in a desperate dive;
110.4;?;Starc to Bracewell, no run 151.8ks, thunderbolt-like yorker from Starc, jammed out;
110.3;1;Starc to Taylor, 1 run dug in outside off, Taylor slashes a cut behind point;
110.2;4;Starc to Taylor, FOUR runs Second double-century for Taylor, he is also the first NZ player to make a double-hundred against Australia. There comes the signature tongue-out celebration. He is lapped up by his team-mates. Nice and full outside off, he eases forward and creams a drive past the diving cover fielder;
110.1;?;Starc to Taylor, no run 145.3ks, Starc fires it down the leg side, nothing doing for Taylor, one-handed take from the keeper;
109.6;?;Hazlewood to Bracewell, no run 133.9 ks, full outside off, solidly defended;
109.5;?;Hazlewood to Bracewell, no run back of a length outside off, guided to point off the back foot;
109.4;?;Hazlewood to Bracewell, no run lots of tail or inswing. Coming back in to off and Bracewell somehow keeps it out with a smear to leg;
109.3;?;Hazlewood to Bracewell, no run good bouncer on leg, forcing DB under it.;
109.2;?;Hazlewood to Bracewell, no run 136.6 ks, good length on off. Defended;
109.1;1;Hazlewood to Taylor, 1 run ooh, no Rosco, no! Short delivery on middle, he goes for the pull but skies it uppishly, lands well short of square leg. Some heart-in-the-mouth stuff for him.;
108.6;W;Starc to Watling, OUT oh goodness! After all that he has done, after all that diligence and hardwork. Sometimes, life turns it around for you. And it is nice to see a wry smile on Starc. Very high full toss outside off, below the waist though. Watling steers a cut straight to point, Lyon makes up for his previous drop with a stunner. He stays low and takes a good catch low to his left.;BJ Watling c Lyon b Starc 1 (27m 12b 0x4 0x6) SR: 8.33;
108.5;?;Starc to Watling, no run short outside off, 140.8 ks. Swayed out of the line;
108.4;?;Starc to Watling, no run 148.8 kph, full and just a hint of away movement. Watling gets behind that nicely to steer to point;
108.3;?;Starc to Watling, no run 146.6 ks, short on middle, Watling gets underneath nicely;
108.2;1;Starc to Taylor, 1 run short length outside off, Taylor hops again and crunches a punch to point for one;
108.1;?;Starc to Taylor, no run back of a length outside off, Taylor jumps in his crease, both feet off the ground. Taylor defends into the off side;
107.6;?;Hazlewood to Watling, no run left alone, too wide outside off to play any stroke;
107.5;1;Hazlewood to Taylor, 1 run punched off the back foot to cover for a quick run;
107.4;4;Hazlewood to Taylor, FOUR runs just terrific. What a shot, the timing is terrific, the execution is good. Full on off and Taylor presents the full face of he bat to push past the bowler, he'll get four more and move closer to that double-ton;
107.3;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run patted defensively to cover. Just a push to the full delivery outside off;
107.2;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run fullish outside off, chopped into the off side, he wants the single but there is none to be had;
107.1;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run 139.3 ks, fullish tailing back in to off. Driven to mid-off;
106.6;?;Starc to Watling, no run back of a length on off, defended with a straight bat. Very solidly played;
106.5;?;Starc to Watling, no run slowly getting into his work here. 150.8 ks now. Watling's feet aren't where they should be but he plays a drive to mid-off. Fuller length on off;
106.4;?;Starc to Watling, no run this is what this guy will do very well. Duck and sway out of the line very nicely. Short outside off, Watling sways out of the line and keeps his bat down;
106.3;1;Starc to Taylor, 1 run 144 ks, that may have come back in of a crack! Short delivery on leg, but that came in prodigiously like a leg break. Taylor is fending and the ball lobs up into the off side off the handle of the bat;
106.2;?;Starc to Taylor, no run 149 kph, full on middle and leg and driven to mid-on;
106.1;?;Starc to Taylor, no run good delivery, slanted across Taylor who blocks nicely and with the angle to cover;
105.6;1;Marsh to Taylor, 1 run just a mere push to mid-off for a quick single. taylor scampers through;
105.5;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run 130 ks, picture-perfect solid defense. Full length on off, Taylor gets behind that with a nice stride to the pitch of the ball, high elbow and then solidly off the middle of the bat;
105.4;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run 139.7 ks, short bouncer on middle, surprises Taylor who gets under that hurriedly;
105.3;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run drilled back at the bowler off the front foot;
105.2;4;Marsh to Taylor, FOUR runs 190 for Taylor now, very close to that double. Short outside off, Taylor hangs back and flays a cut past gully for another boundary.;
105.1;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run 133 kph, full on off, swinging back in. Just a hint of tail,turned to midwicket;
104.6;?;Starc to Watling, no run steered to point;
104.5;1;Starc to Taylor, 1 run beautiful timing, a bit of miscommunication too. Smashed to deep point for one, taylor wants the second but Watling sends him back;
104.4;1;Starc to Watling, 1 run that speed is getting higher and higher, 148 kph now. Just a very natural action. Pushed off middle stump to the wide of mid-on for one;
104.3;1;Starc to Taylor, 1 run may have strived for a bit too much, clipped to fine leg;
104.2;?;Starc to Taylor, no run nice lines, probing away outside off, hoping to get some tail or some away swing. None is there at the moment and so taylor defends;
104.1;?;Starc to Taylor, no run 141.3 ks to start, gentle loosener for the quick. Full on a fifth-stump line, left alone;
103.6;?;Marsh to Watling, no run 133.6 kph, short of a length outside off, punched to cover off the back foot;
103.5;?;Marsh to Watling, no run back of a length on off, gets behind the line to defend;
103.4;W;Marsh to McCullum, OUT how big will that prove to be? The umpire wants to check the front foot, but he is fine. McCullum has to go, beaten all ends up. Or did he play around that too much? Full and fast on middle and off, McCullum looks to tuck this into the leg side but fails to connect. The ball sneaks through between bat and pad and rattles the stumps;Brendon McCullum b Marsh 27 (82m 54b 4x4 0x6) SR: 50;
103.3;?;Marsh to McCullum, no run shortish outside off, still too close to cut. Baz gets a thick chop into the off side;
103.2;1;Marsh to Taylor, 1 run drifting down leg, clips his pad on the way to square leg;
103.1;2;Marsh to Taylor, 2 runs not even that short,, but his guy is on 180. Why won't he swivel-pull after picking the length early? Into the gap at midwicket for two more;
102.6;4;Johnson to McCullum, FOUR runs 14 of the over, just no control for MJ. Half-volley outside off, driven through covers for four more. Easily done, even Baz asserting his dominance over Johnson;
102.5;?;Johnson to McCullum, no run lot of respect for Johnmson. Full and outside off, BM comes forward with a giant stride and defends, but it comes back in and a thick inside edge rolls back onto his body;
102.4;1;Johnson to Taylor, 1 run too straight now, picked of his legs towards midwicket;
102.3;4;Johnson to Taylor, FOUR runs and now he tries to take out MJ with a straight drive. All power past Johnson as he tries to field but can on;ly get a hand on it. Along the ground too. Wonderful stroke. 180 now;
102.2;4;Johnson to Taylor, FOUR runs creamed through point! Taylor races to 176. Wide and full, just what he would have wanted. He reached for that but kept it down at all times and that just flies to the boundary for four.;
102.1;1lb;Johnson to McCullum, 1 leg bye full and swinging on leg, clipped to fine leg. No, no bat, just pad;
101.6;2;Marsh to Taylor, 2 runs gets back and clubs a pull off the front foot to deep midwicket, easily played, not too much trouble with that pace.;
101.5;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run chopped back to second slip. Not that much room and therefore he is forced to quell the ball into the off side;
101.4;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run defensively patted off the front foot;
101.3;1;Marsh to McCullum, 1 run nicely played, kept his pull down. Short on middle, just about mid-30s and that is a very good speed for Baz comparing to what he has been facing. Smashes a pull to deep square leg;
101.2;?;Marsh to McCullum, no run defended down the track;
101.1;?;Marsh to McCullum, no run back of a length on off, McCullum gets back and across, thinks of flaying a cut but eventually awkwardly defends;
100.6;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run 143.3 kph, full from around the wicket. Taylor punches back at the bowler, without much feet movement.;
100.5;2;Johnson to Taylor, 2 runs hasn't got the pace yet to math Starc has Johnson but he is giving it his all. Full outside off and Taylor caresses the ball with all timing through covers for a couple;
100.4;1;Johnson to McCullum, 1 run nice short delivery now on leg, forcing McCullum to play a shot. And he pulls to the leg side;
100.3;?;Johnson to McCullum, no run tempting for Baz but he isn't going after it just yet. Short outside off, he thinks about that and then leaves it well alone;
100.2;1;Johnson to Taylor, 1 run crunched off the back foot to deep cover. Just a tad short, and Taylor skips back and punches;
100.1;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run short down leg, Taylor withdraws his bat and leaves with his bat over his head, ensuring the ball doesn't kiss the glove;
99.6;?;Marsh to McCullum, no run nice bouncer! Change in length. Short on middle and leg, Baz sways out of the line but he could have stood his ground and the ball would have still gone over him.;
99.5;1;Marsh to Taylor, 1 run there is that free delivery to get a run, fullish on leg and easily tucked off to deep square leg;
99.4;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run oh, he is timing these beautifully now. Overpitched on middle and leg, and caressed to mid-on with only timing;
99.3;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run comes back in now, fuller than a good length on off. Inside edge onto the pad, some excitement, oohs and aahs all around but all good;
99.2;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run continuing that line, very tight, probing stuff on off. Defended to mid-on;
99.1;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run tight lines to start after tea,l full on off. Properly and capably defended off the front foot;
98.6;?;Johnson to McCullum, no run Warner has taken it, but that is a bump ball. Yorker outside off, Baz finally carves a cut but doesn't find the gap. Smashed into the ground and then to Warner at gully. They will go upstairs nonetheless but the replays are conclusive, clearly a bump ball. The crowd is not pleased.;
98.5;?;Johnson to McCullum, no run fuller now, no edge. Powerfully and crisply driven to cover;
98.4;?;Johnson to McCullum, no run ooh, that one doesn't rise up as high. Shortish length outside off, but Baz doesn't pick that length, gets under it with the ball not bouncing. Luckily for him, it is wide outside off;
98.3;?;Johnson to McCullum, no run decent speed. 143 kph, outside off. Will Baz slash? not for now. He leaves nicely;
98.2;1;Johnson to Taylor, 1 run and another free run, but the score is 400-plus for three. Short outside off, cut to deep point;
98.1;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run good short ball down leg to begin, good time for him to come to the party. Strikes Taylor on the arm as he tries to find, rotates it afterwards to check if it's good enough;
97.6;?;Lyon to McCullum, no run tossed up outside off, presses forward to block and that will be tea;
97.5;1;Lyon to Taylor, 1 run goes back and turns it around the corner to get the single at long leg;
97.4;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run flighted on off stump, Taylor steps forward to block to short midwicket;
97.3;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run goes back and blocks the good length ball that seems to bounce nicely;
97.2;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run tossed up on off stump, pushed towards mid-on. But it was close enough for short midwicket to cut across;
97.1;1;Lyon to McCullum, 1 run goes back and nudges it past Burns at short leg. A touch more bounce from Lyon, as is expected from his high action and overspin;
96.6;4;Johnson to Taylor, FOUR runs full on off stump, sweetly driven past mid-off. Leaned into it, and it was but the extension of defence. Choosing when to use his power and when not to. Lovely batting;
96.5;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run full on off stump, driven to mid-off;
96.4;1;Johnson to McCullum, 1 run shortish on middle and leg at 126 kph, tucked into the square leg region to bring up the 400. Smattering of applause from the dressing room and the crowd;
96.3;?;Johnson to McCullum, no run good length ball outside off, defended;
96.2;?;Johnson to McCullum, no run leans forward to a good length ball on off stump and blocks;
96.1;?;Johnson to McCullum, no run 140 kph, short of a length and makes Baz hop back on off stump to block it;
95.6;4;Lyon to Taylor, FOUR runs beatufiully done. Poor line form Lyon, but that is the one he is concentrating on by bowling around the stumps. Down the leg side and Taylor says thank you very much with a little leg glance;
95.5;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run good length on middle, defended to short leg;
95.4;1;Lyon to McCullum, 1 run just short enough for him to think of the pull, but it really wasn't. That's why he had to almost scoop the ball. Mistimes it uppishly to long leg;
95.3;?;Lyon to McCullum, no run good length ball on off stump, capably defended on off stump;
95.2;?;Lyon to McCullum, no run a touch more bounce after the ball pitched on leg stump and seemed to kick up at him. Baz manages to drop it at before it gets to short leg;
95.1;?;Lyon to McCullum, no run missed out there. Flatter ball way outside leg, Baz gets down the sweep but hits the man at short fine leg;
94.6;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run nice and tight on middle at 138 kph, defends back at Johnson;
94.5;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run 140 kph, just back of a good length on off stump, defended;
94.4;4;Johnson to Taylor, FOUR runs throws his head back in disgust as he offers up a poor short ball that the batsman has ample time to see. Taylor is on the front foot - that's how early he had spotted it - and pulls in front of square;
94.3;1;Johnson to McCullum, 1 run back of a length and outside off, Baz runs it past the diving gully fielder. Mitch Marsh again, poor fellow. Has had a tough few minutes. 138 ks;
94.2;1;Johnson to Taylor, 1 run shorter delivery on off stump at 138 kph, pulls and mistimes into the yawning midwicket region;
94.1;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run good length ball on off stump - at a paltry 136 kph - defended;
93.6;?;Lyon to McCullum, no run tossed up and drifting away with the arm, makes Baz reach out to block;
93.5;?;Lyon to McCullum, no run turns down the leg side, Baz was looking for the tickle. Doesn't get it. Well kept by Nevill. Rising with the ball;
93.4;?;Lyon to McCullum, no run loopy delivery on leg stump, Baz clears his front leg and drives back at the bowler. "Boooooooooring," sings the WACA crowd. Will it get to the New Zealand captain?;
93.3;?;Lyon to McCullum, no run lunges forward to a length ball and blocks down the pitch;
93.2;?;Lyon to McCullum, no run tossed up enough, but Baz goes back deep in his crease and nudges to short leg;
93.1;?;Lyon to McCullum, no run flighted onto middle stump, from around the wicket, McCullum steps forward and blocks;
92.6;4;Starc to Taylor, FOUR runs shot! Doesn't matter if it comes at 149 kph when he can play a straight drive like that. Phenomenal shot. That's the 150 up for Rosco. Battling innings showing his strength of mind and his hunger for runs. Not even overpitched, but he pressed forward, got his base set, and punched the ball back past the bowler.;
92.5;4;Starc to Taylor, FOUR runs 150kph, lovely! Used all the pace on offer and just guided the ball through backward point. Saw the ball right onto the bat, got low to the fuller length ball and picked the gap perfectly;
92.4;?;Starc to Taylor, no run fullish and outside off, Taylor was going for the on the up cover drive, and he is too early on it. That's saying something when the ball is 145 kph. Inside edge to mid-on;
92.3;?;Starc to Taylor, no run full toss on off stump at 146 kph, looks like Starcy's tiring here, can't be bowling at that pace and at that intensity for too many overs. Pushed to mid-off;
92.2;?;Starc to Taylor, no run 143kph, banged in short, but way down leg, easy decision to duck. How long can he go on? He was touching his right side and breathing hard;
92.1;?;Starc to Taylor, no run full and a touch of swing in at off stump, at 149 kph, pushed to mid-on;

Matanat: "Who cares for Ronda rousey vs holm when you have Mitch vs Bazz. Is Bazz going to be KOed?"
 Innings Start
2:03pm: Alright, Smith calls (or rather whistles) Hazlewood and Starc in, like this.The target reads 321 in a minimum of 48 overs.
Do you have a favourite Mitchell Johnson moment? Mail us at fanfare@cricinfo.com or you could even WhatsApp us on +919900590636
David S: "Baz to open with Guptill - have a crack at the win?"
BV: "My favorite MJ moment was the ODI v/s England at SCG in the summer of 2011. In a surprise move, MJ was sent in at number 4 in I think the 13th over and he anchored the innings with Callum Ferguson and Clarke with a run a ball 50. That setup Australia to comfortably chase the largest ODI total then on Australian soil. I was in the members area with my wife and at the end of the game MJ and Watto posed with almost everyone there for pictures."
102.6;4;Southee to Starc, FOUR runs pretty full and dips on the leg stump, glanced fine to the boundary;
102.5;1;Southee to Hazlewood, 1 run back of a length, punched to backward point. The fielder does not make a clean stop;
102.4;?;Southee to Hazlewood, no run full and on middle, slides away with the angle beating the nervy waft of Hazlewood;
102.3;1;Southee to Starc, 1 run drifting onto the pads again, Starc milks a single through midwicket;
102.2;4;Southee to Starc, FOUR runs wide line outside off, Starc pushes away from the body and edges it past lone slip;
102.1;1;Southee to Hazlewood, 1 run tucked off the hips through midwicket;
101.6;6;Bracewell to Starc, SIX runs length and outside off, Starc goes on the attack, lustily clubbing it over long-on;
101.5;?;Bracewell to Starc, no run slants away outside off with the angle, left alone;
101.4;2;Bracewell to Starc, 2 runs full and angling away outside off, carved up and over cover;
101.3;?;Bracewell to Starc, no run banged in outside off, Starc yanks his head out of the way;
101.2;?;Bracewell to Starc, no run lifting short ball on off, blunted in front of square;
101.1;?;Bracewell to Starc, no run bouncer outside off, Starc half-ducks out of the way;
100.6;?;Southee to Hazlewood, no run much close to the off stump with a hint of extra bounce, waft and a miss;
100.5;?;Southee to Hazlewood, no run Southee pulls his length back outside off, left alone;
100.4;?;Southee to Hazlewood, no run;
100.3;W;Southee to Nevill, OUT edged and caught behind ahead. Full outswinger, seduces Nevill into a drive. He only gets an outside edge, a healthy one and feeds a simple catch to his opposite number. Fourth wicket for Southee;Peter Nevill c ?Watling b Southee 35 (122m 83b 5x4 0x6) SR: 42.16;
100.2;?;Southee to Nevill, no run full and on middle, defended to cover;
100.1;?;Southee to Nevill, no run slid down leg;
99.6;?;Bracewell to Starc, no run angled in, push driven to mid-on;
99.5;4;Bracewell to Starc, FOUR runs full and on middle, a tad overpitched, Starc punchily drives it and sends it to the long-off boundary;
99.4;2;Bracewell to Starc, 2 runs overpitched and outside off, Starc drills a drive to sweeper cover, where Guptill makes a diving save;
99.3;2;Bracewell to Starc, 2 runs full and outside off, scooped to the right of cover;
99.2;?;Bracewell to Starc, no run shortish and on middle, punched to mid-off;
99.1;?;Bracewell to Starc, no run full and angled in, inside edged to mid-on;
98.6;3;Southee to Starc, 3 runs full ball, which is driven off an outside edge wide of gully;
98.5;W;Southee to Johnson, OUT Johnson is out, he walks back to warm applause. That's that, at least with the bat in international cricket. Back of a length and outside off, not all that short. He sets up for a pull and edges it behind, Watling pouches it. And Johnson finishes with 31 runs more than what Bradman scored in his last Test;Mitchell Johnson c ?Watling b Southee 29 (57m 45b 5x4 0x6) SR: 64.44;
98.4;?;Southee to Johnson, no run length and on middle, defended to mid-off;
98.3;?;Southee to Johnson, no run good length and on middle, blocked towards mid-off;
98.2;4;Southee to Johnson, FOUR runs full and outside off, Johnson is caught prodding. He ends up edging it through vacant gully;
98.1;1;Southee to Nevill, 1 run good length incoming ball, worked to midwicket;
97.6;?;Boult to Johnson, no run length and outside off, dragged to mid-on off the inside half;
97.5;?;Boult to Johnson, no run full and on a fourth-stump line as Johnson covers his off stump and lets it pass;
97.4;?;Boult to Johnson, no run full and on middle, pushed down to mid-on;
97.3;?;Boult to Johnson, no run short and down leg, Johnson shapes to pull. No dice. Off the thigh and wanders behind to the keeper;
97.2;1;Boult to Nevill, 1 run full and swings in, Nevill inside-edges it behind square;
97.1;?;Boult to Nevill, no run full and on middle, pushed to leg;
96.6;1;Southee to Nevill, 1 run glanced off the pads through backward square leg thanks to a twirl of the wrists;
96.5;?;Southee to Nevill, no run wide line outside off, late cut to KW at gully;
96.4;2;Southee to Nevill, 2 runs Southee ventures wide of the crease but errs too full, clipped away to the right of midwicket, towards cow corner;
96.3;?;Southee to Nevill, no run good length and on off, solid block to cover now;
96.2;?;Southee to Nevill, no run another unplayable one, two in a row. Rips away off a crack, Nevill left fiddling outside off;
96.1;?;Southee to Nevill, no run back of a length, angled in, and zings away outside off, perhaps off a crack. Nevill hangs his bat out and gets beaten;
95.6;?;Boult to Johnson, no run Boult slings one down leg, loose stuff to end the over;
95.5;?;Boult to Johnson, no run lifting, short ball outside off, hook and a miss;
95.4;1;Boult to Nevill, 1 run pitched up outside off, driven handsomely through backward point;
95.3;?;Boult to Nevill, no run left alone outside off as this wobbles through to Watling;
95.2;1;Boult to Johnson, 1 run short ball on middle, Johnson hangs back, tucking it through midwicket;
95.1;1;Boult to Nevill, 1 run fullish and angled outside off, iffy little push to cover;
94.6;1;Southee to Nevill, 1 run dabbed from outside off to gully for a well-judged one;
94.5;1;Southee to Johnson, 1 run fullish and on off, ram-rod straight punch down the ground;
94.4;?;Southee to Johnson, no run full and keeps going away with the angle outside off, left alone;
94.3;1;Southee to Nevill, 1 run full and outside off, Nevill is forward, playing a drive to cover;
94.2;?;Southee to Nevill, no run full and comes in on off, forward push back to the bowler;
94.1;4;Southee to Nevill, FOUR runs lovely stroke. Back of a length and outside off, late cut away behind point with consummate control;
93.6;?;Boult to Johnson, no run slid down the leg side, Johnson need not bother with it;
93.5;?;Boult to Johnson, no run length and outside off, Johnson cracks a drive straight to mid-off;
93.4;2;Boult to Johnson, 2 runs dug in short and outside off, Johnson rocks back and miscues a pull wide of midwicket;
93.3;?;Boult to Johnson, no run full ball on off, Johnson answers with a straight-bat drive to mid-off;
93.2;?;Boult to Johnson, no run pitched up and outside off as Johnson ignores;
93.1;?;Boult to Johnson, no run shortish but not much room, jabbing punch to cover;
92.6;?;Southee to Nevill, no run full and hurtles in to smack the pad again but this one too was heading down leg;
92.5;?;Southee to Nevill, no run pitched up and swings in, pokey drive to mid-on off the inside half;
92.4;2lb;Southee to Nevill, 2 leg byes length and shapes back in to hit the pad as Nevill topples over an attempted flick.;
92.3;1;Southee to Johnson, 1 run tucked off the pads through backward square leg;
92.2;?;Southee to Johnson, no run good length and slanting away outside off, Johnson watches it through to Watling;
92.1;?;Southee to Johnson, no run good length and tails back in. Close to off, but not close enough to draw a stroke from Johnson;
91.6;2;Boult to Nevill, 2 runs full and on middle, Nevil suceeds in flicking to the right of midwicket;
91.5;1lb;Boult to Johnson, 1 leg bye back of a length, misses the flick and takes it on the thigh;
91.4;?;Boult to Johnson, no run phew, what was that? Full and pushed outside off, snaps off a crack and rolls along the ground to the keeper. Left alone;
91.3;4;Boult to Johnson, FOUR runs back of a length and outside off, Johnson tennis-swings it over the bowler's head;
91.2;4;Boult to Johnson, 4 runs back of a length and on middle, Johnson tunes up for a pull but can only drag it through midwicket;
91.1;1;Boult to Nevill, 1 run short and width outside off, back cut to backward point;
90.6;4;Southee to Johnson, FOUR runs back of a length and outside off, lures Johnson into playing now. Poked between slips and gully off an outside edge;
90.5;?;Southee to Johnson, no run full and slanting away outside off, Southee does not make Johnson play;
90.4;1;Southee to Nevill, 1 run and again, but this is stopped by a diving mid-off.. Driven off the front foot past cover but is hunted down;
90.3;4;Southee to Nevill, FOUR runs a touch overpitched and outside off, Nevill bends low and unfurls another pretty cover drive;
90.2;?;Southee to Nevill, no run back of a length and cuts back in to thud high onto Nevill's pad. Umpire Ravi isn't interested. These are not usually given at the WACA. Hit high on the back thigh, no snick involved, as proved by RTS. The tracker confirms that the ball would have sailed over the stumps;
90.1;4;Southee to Nevill, FOUR runs pitched up and wide outside off, Nevill lunges forward and strokes a drive past cover.. Beautiful timing;
89.6;?;Boult to Johnson, no run beaten now. Full and interrogates Johnson in the channel, this largely held its line, poke and a miss;
89.5;?;Boult to Johnson, no run bumper with more sting in it, Johnson half-ducks, yanking his head down;
89.4;?;Boult to Johnson, no run full and outside off, left alone;
89.3;?;Boult to Johnson, no run back of a length and moves away outside off, dabbed to gully;
89.2;?;Boult to Johnson, no run pitched up and outside off, invites the drive... Johnson obliges but hits it all along the carpet to cover;
89.1;?;Boult to Johnson, no run full and swings away but the line is wider, the movement takes it away further. Johnson lets it be;
88.6;?;Craig to Nevill, no run much loopier, played back to the bowler after stepping out;
88.5;?;Craig to Nevill, no run Nevill uses his feet again and finds square leg with a whip;
88.4;?;Craig to Nevill, no run leg-stump ball as Craig drags his length back. He comes down and whips it to square leg;
88.3;?;Craig to Nevill, no run full and on middle, defensively pushed back to Craig;
88.2;?;Craig to Nevill, no run down the pitch and flicked to midwicket;
88.1;?;Craig to Nevill, no run tossed up on middle, bunted to midwicket;
87.6;?;Southee to Johnson, no run slants away outside off from a fuller length, ignored;
87.5;?;Southee to Johnson, no run short and on middle from over the wicket, Southee has Johnson hopping in defence to off;
87.4;?;Southee to Johnson, no run length and on a fourth-stump line, driven to the left of short cover;
87.3;?;Southee to Johnson, no run pitched up and outside off, Johnson now puts the drive in the locker and lets it pass;
87.2;4;Southee to Johnson, FOUR runs too full and outside off, Johnson drills a drive, flashing it between mid-off and covers;
87.1;?;Southee to Johnson, no run fractionally short and on a fourth-stump line, Johnson jumps back, punching to cover;
86.6;?;Henry to Nevill, no run straight in line as the batsman shuffles across off, defensively pushing to mid-on;
86.5;?;Henry to Nevill, no run good length and outside off, left alone;
86.4;?;Henry to Nevill, no run tight line on off, blocked to cover;
86.3;?;Henry to Nevill, no run full and on middle, tucked to midwicket;
86.2;?;Henry to Nevill, no run good riposte. Outswinger, Nevill reaches out for it and is beaten;
86.1;4;Henry to Nevill, FOUR runs full and outside off, this was by no means a half-volley. Nevill eases forward and drives it crisply past cover, outruns the two chasing fielders;
85.6;4;Southee to Johnson, FOUR runs low full toss outside off, Johnson throws his hands at a drive, nicking it... threads the cordon for four;
85.5;?;Southee to Johnson, no run back of a length and on middle, Johnson hops and defends it to cover;
85.4;?;Southee to Johnson, no run pitched up and on off, driven to mid-off;
85.3;?;Southee to Johnson, no run full and slanting away with the angle outside off, Johnson does not want any of it;
85.2;?;Southee to Johnson, no run full and on middle from over the stumps, defended;
85.1;W;Southee to Voges, OUT .. and Southee strikes. Voges wants a review in a bid to overturn the on-field call of lbw. It is a fair ball. Full and on middle, Voges seeks to flick but does not connect as he is rapped on the pad. No signs of an inside edge. He toppled over the flick and the tracker shows that the ball would have just grazed the outside of the leg stump. Voges has to go;Adam Voges lbw b Southee 119 (320m 240b 16x4 0x6) SR: 49.58;
84.6;?;Henry to Nevill, no run another one swings away outside off to beat the outside edge as Nevill is rooted to the crease, wafting and missing;
84.5;?;Henry to Nevill, no run length and on a fourth-stump line, dabbed to gully;
84.4;4b;Henry to Nevill, 4 byes wild loose ball down leg, Watling dives but had no chance of grabbing that;
84.3;?;Henry to Nevill, no run pitched outside off, driven to short cover, where the fielder flings to his right, deflecting it to mid-off;
84.2;?;Henry to Nevill, no run proper teaser. Full and outside off, jags away late to beat the outside edge. Nevill did not help himself either by camping back;
84.1;1;Henry to Voges, 1 run banged in short but not much sting in there, swivel pulled behind square;
83.6;?;Bracewell to Nevill, no run wide line outside off, Nevill shoulders arms;
83.5;4;Bracewell to Nevill, FOUR runs full and on off, Nevill middles a flick and threads the gap between midwicket and mid-on;
83.4;?;Bracewell to Nevill, no run full and outside off, angled to gully again;
83.3;?;Bracewell to Nevill, no run length and outside off, Nevill keeps back and steers it to point;
83.2;1;Bracewell to Voges, 1 run full and reverses back in, squeezed behind square off an inside edge;
83.1;?;Bracewell to Voges, no run Bracewell lands this full and outside off, forward defence to cover;
82.6;?;Henry to Nevill, no run full and on middle, defended back;
82.5;?;Henry to Nevill, no run back of a length and around off, dabbed to gully;
82.4;?;Henry to Nevill, no run wide line outside off, jabbed to point;
82.3;?;Henry to Nevill, no run full and swings on middle, poked to cover as the attempted drive is foiled;
82.2;?;Henry to Nevill, no run back of a length and outside off, Nevill keeps back and guides it to gully;
82.1;1;Henry to Voges, 1 run fractionally short and outside off, Voges dabs a single through point;
81.6;?;Bracewell to Nevill, no run teasing full ball just a shade outside off, blocked back;
81.5;?;Bracewell to Nevill, no run back of a length and on off, worked to short midwicket with some rather elaborate wristwork;
81.4;?;Bracewell to Nevill, no run steered to point from outside off;
81.3;1;Bracewell to Voges, 1 run too full and straight, wristy little flick to long leg;
81.2;?;Bracewell to Voges, no run pitched up and on off, driven to mid-on, more off the inside half of the bat;
81.1;?;Bracewell to Voges, no run back of a length and outside off, calmly blocked in front of mid-off;
80.6;?;Henry to Nevill, no run back of a length and on off, guided to point;
80.5;?;Henry to Nevill, no run full and right in the channel, the batsman leaves it be;
80.4;?;Henry to Nevill, no run too full and on off, driven nicely but back to the bowler;
80.3;?;Henry to Nevill, no run full and on middle, tucked to midwicket;
80.2;?;Henry to Nevill, no run length and outside off again, no stroke offered;
80.1;?;Henry to Nevill, no run length and goes away wide outside off, left alone;
79.6;?;Bracewell to Voges, no run full and at the stumps, driven back to the bowler, who makes a half-save;
79.5;?;Bracewell to Voges, no run good length and on off, Voges bends forward in defence;
79.4;?;Bracewell to Voges, no run pitched up and on off, patted to the covers;
79.3;1;Bracewell to Nevill, 1 run tickled off an inner edge to fine leg against an incoming ball, which was straight in line;
79.2;?;Bracewell to Nevill, no run full and on off, front-foot drive to mid-off;
79.1;?;Bracewell to Nevill, no run fullish and on off, dabbed into cover;
78.6;?;Henry to Voges, no run nice and full, pushed back to the bowler from an off-stump line;
78.5;?;Henry to Voges, no run pitched up and on off, blocked back to the bowler;
78.4;?;Henry to Voges, no run;
78.3;?;Henry to Voges, no run fuller now, on a fourth-stump line, blocked back;
78.2;?;Henry to Voges, no run good length and on off, Voges gets forward to defend it;
78.1;2;Henry to Voges, 2 runs back of a length, tucked off the hips behind square;
77.6;1;Bracewell to Voges, 1 run too straight in line, glanced to long leg;
77.5;?;Bracewell to Voges, no run flicked feebly to square leg as this was full on off and middle;
77.4;?;Bracewell to Voges, no run an appeal for caught behind, ump Nigel Llong shakes his head. Inducker from Bracewell, may have zipped off a crack. Voges seeks to drive with a bat-pad gap, the ball brushes the pad en route to Watling;
77.3;?;Bracewell to Voges, no run fullish and just a shade outside off, ignored again;
77.2;?;Bracewell to Voges, no run full and darted at the base of off, jammed out to short midwicket;
77.1;?;Bracewell to Voges, no run pitched up and outside off as Voges lets it pass;
76.6;?;Henry to Nevill, no run back of a length and that's dabbed defensively towards point;
76.5;?;Henry to Nevill, no run full and around off again as Nevill stays in the crease and edges it to gully... Does not carry;
76.4;?;Henry to Nevill, no run poked towards gully from outside off. Nevill is looking fidgety;
76.3;?;Henry to Nevill, no run full and largely holds its line on off, defended off the front foot;
76.2;?;Henry to Nevill, no run good length and swerves away outside off again, this time the batsman is seduced into a push and is beaten;
76.1;?;Henry to Nevill, no run good length with a hint of movement outside off, left alone;
75.6;?;Bracewell to Voges, no run Voges gets forward and defends this on off stump;
75.5;1;Bracewell to Nevill, 1 run leg-stump full toss, picked away over the square leg ump as he opens his account after ten balls;
75.4;?;Bracewell to Nevill, no run pitched up and on off, better forward stride and blocked;
75.3;?;Bracewell to Nevill, no run full and tails back in, close to the off stump, no stroke offered;
75.2;?;Bracewell to Nevill, no run proper full toss on off, Nevill can only drive and find mid-off... He is still not off the mark;
75.1;?;Bracewell to Nevill, no run really full and dips on off, not a pinpoint yorker, squeezed out;
74.6;?;Henry to Voges, no run tight line on off, blocked back to the bowler;
74.5;?;Henry to Voges, no run banged in outside off, Voges hops and defends;
74.4;?;Henry to Voges, no run pitched up and moves away outside off, left alone;
74.3;?;Henry to Voges, no run full and on the stumps, pushed down to mid-on;
74.2;?;Henry to Voges, no run short ball, kept out;
74.1;?;Henry to Voges, no run back of a length and on off, turned to midwicket;
73.6;?;Bracewell to Nevill, no run length and outside off, run away to point as the hosts play out their third straight maiden;
73.5;?;Bracewell to Nevill, no run Bracewell goes wide of the crease and angles it in just outside off, ignored;
73.4;?;Bracewell to Nevill, no run pitched up and around off, blocked gingery to cover;
73.3;?;Bracewell to Nevill, no run Nevill is too eager to feel the ball. Full and outside off, this one snaps away, keeping going that way off a crack, beating Nevill's groping bat;
73.2;?;Bracewell to Nevill, no run probing line outside off, Nevill swishes his bat out of the way;
73.1;?;Bracewell to Nevill, no run full and outside off, swings back in late but does not threaten off. Ignored;
72.6;?;Henry to Voges, no run Henry spears it full on off now, Voges is solid in defence;
72.5;?;Henry to Voges, no run Henry keeps it short again, fended in front of the bowler;
72.4;?;Henry to Voges, no run short ball on off, punched to midwicket;
72.3;?;Henry to Voges, no run nice and full on middle, patted back of the front foot, again;
72.2;?;Henry to Voges, no run good length and on off, blocked off the front foot;
72.1;?;Henry to Voges, no run banged in and rises outside off, blunted in front of square cover;
71.6;W;Bracewell to Marsh, OUT an appeal for lbw, Marsh has been given out. He does not go for a review after consulting with Voges. Pretty full and snakes back in late to strike the back pad in front of middle. Two wickets in four overs for NZ;Mitchell Marsh lbw b Bracewell 1 (15m 15b 0x4 0x6) SR: 6.66;
71.5;?;Bracewell to Marsh, no run the man at cover, Baz I suppose, throws himself to his right to intercept this drive;
71.4;?;Bracewell to Marsh, no run back of a length and outside off, punchily blocked to cover;
71.3;?;Bracewell to Marsh, no run length and outside off, Marsh leaves it be;
71.2;?;Bracewell to Marsh, no run good length and outside off, left alone;
71.1;?;Bracewell to Marsh, no run the returning Bracewell starts off with a zippy back-of-a-length ball outside off as Marsh swishes his bat out of the way;
70.6;?;Boult to Voges, no run a bit too full and outside off, driven to mid-off;
70.5;?;Boult to Voges, no run back of a length and on off, blocked to cover;
70.4;4;Boult to Voges, FOUR runs drifting down the leg side, easily tickled fine on the leg side;
70.3;?;Boult to Voges, no run much better from Boult. Angled outside off and outside off, no stroke offered;
70.2;1;Boult to Marsh, 1 run dragged short and outside off, controlled pull behind square on the leg side;
70.1;1;Boult to Voges, 1 run short and wide outside off, punched wide of the covers;
69.6;?;Southee to Marsh, no run full and on off, Marsh strides forward and taps it to cover;
69.5;?;Southee to Marsh, no run good length and around off, defensively bunted to mid-on;
69.4;?;Southee to Marsh, no run inswinging yorker from Southee, dug out back to the bowler;
69.3;1;Southee to Voges, 1 run dug in short on off, Voges swivels on the back foot, pulling it through backward square leg;
69.2;?;Southee to Voges, no run hurled full, right at the base of off, late swing, squeezed out;
69.1;?;Southee to Voges, no run banged in around off, Voges camps back and quells it to cover;
68.6;?;Boult to Marsh, no run short and skiddy on off, dabbed towards point. Boult rounds off a wicket maiden;
68.5;?;Boult to Marsh, no run pitched up and Boult dangles the carrot outside off... Marsh does not bite;
68.4;?;Boult to Marsh, no run disciplined line on off, solidly blocked off the front foot;
68.3;?;Boult to Marsh, no run angled just a shade outside off, defended to cover;
68.2;?;Boult to Marsh, no run back of a length and that's carefully defended;
68.1;W;Boult to Smith, OUT Smith has nicked off! He shakes his head as he walks back. Good length and nibbles away slightly, Smith targets a punchy drive, perhaps through cover and only edges it behind. BJ Watling dives to his right and snaffles it;Steven Smith c ?Watling b Boult 138 (272m 185b 18x4 0x6) SR: 74.59;
67.6;?;Southee to Voges, no run full and on off, Southee draws a forward-defensive push towards midwicket;
67.5;?;Southee to Voges, no run short ball, Voges is up on his tippy toes to blunt it;
67.4;?;Southee to Voges, no run tight line on off, defended down the pitch, to mid-on;
67.3;?;Southee to Voges, no run back of a length and on middle, Voges shuffles across off and works it defensively to short midwicket;
67.2;1;Southee to Smith, 1 run picked away off the pads through square leg for one;
67.1;?;Southee to Smith, no run back of a length and outside off, punchily hit to cover;
66.6;?;Boult to Voges, no run Boult pulls his length back outside off, the batsman gets behind the line in defence;
66.5;?;Boult to Voges, no run pushed outside off again, ignored;
66.4;?;Boult to Voges, no run pitched up and outside off, only at 129ks, left alone;
66.3;?;Boult to Voges, no run back of a length and on middle, clipped to midwicket;
66.2;?;Boult to Voges, no run dug in with a hint of inward movement, Voges wants to defend it punchily but dribbles an inside edge in front of midwicket;
66.1;2;Boult to Voges, 2 runs short and angled in, Voges keeps back and tucks a single through square leg. The pair push for two. Good urgency;
65.6;1;Bracewell to Voges, 1 run too straight in line as Voges eases it to long leg;
65.5;1;Bracewell to Smith, 1 run full again, this one curls back in, Smith pushes and manages an inside edge to leg;
65.4;?;Bracewell to Smith, no run full and seeking the off stump, Smith's forward defence intervenes;
65.3;?;Bracewell to Smith, no run full and on off, defended back;
65.2;?;Bracewell to Smith, no run touch close to off now, guided to gully with an angled bat;
65.1;1;Bracewell to Voges, 1 run short and outside off, no real threat at 130ks, Voges has loads of time to rock back, read his morning newspaper, sip some tea, and pull wide of midwicket;
64.6;?;Southee to Smith, no run pitched up and holds its line on off, Smith covers up in defence;
64.5;?;Southee to Smith, no run similar length but this is just a shade outside off. Defended again;
64.4;?;Southee to Smith, no run back of a length, top-of-off line, blocked calmly to cover;
64.3;?;Southee to Smith, no run fullish and attacking the off stump as Smith slithers across off, defending to midwicket;
64.2;4;Southee to Smith, FOUR runs Southee drags his length back outside off, Smith hangs on the back foot, forcing it in the gap at covers, hitting it with the wind;
64.1;?;Southee to Smith, no run good length and around off, no swing again, forward block to cover;
63.6;?;Boult to Voges, no run Boult explores the channel, no real movement as Voges just watches it through to the keeper;
63.5;?;Boult to Voges, no run tight line around off, Voges strides forward in defence;
63.4;1;Boult to Smith, 1 run nice whirl of the wrists as Smith flicks it away behind square;
63.3;?;Boult to Smith, no run pitched up and on off, blocked;
63.2;1;Boult to Voges, 1 run back of a length and on off, patted in front of square on the leg side for one;
63.1;?;Boult to Voges, no run nice and full angled in, some inswing as well to add, flicked to midwicket;
62.6;?;Henry to Smith, no run angling in from back of length, Smith covers the stumps and defends it back to end the day;
62.5;?;Henry to Smith, no run much fuller now on the off stump and he blocks it back this time;
62.4;4;Henry to Smith, FOUR runs three in a row! Who said the elbow is troubling him? Back of length outside off again, this was a touch wider, and he only had to open the face of the bat late;
62.3;4;Henry to Smith, FOUR runs and once again, room on offer, he pokes the bat away from his body a bit, opens the face of the bat late and runs it between slip and gully again;
62.2;4;Henry to Smith, FOUR runs this one held its line outside off from back of length, Smith makes last-minute adjustment and edges it with soft hands wide of slip for four;
62.1;2;Henry to Smith, 2 runs short ball to Smith, he pulls it late and fine and Boult runs across to his right to slide and keep it in;
61.6;4;Williamson to Voges, FOUR runs no need for the last over, Voges has put that away with a swat-pull between long leg and deep midwicket and raises his arms for his second Test hundred. And this one comes at his home ground, he acknowledges the crowd with a beaming smile as the helmet comes off;
61.5;1;Williamson to Smith, 1 run flat and short on middle and leg, easy runs as Smith works it to leg for one more;
61.4;1;Williamson to Voges, 1 run makes him reach out for that delivery on off and he does so drive it into the covers;
61.3;1;Williamson to Smith, 1 run touch shorter towards off and middle and Smith helps it along to square leg for one;
61.2;?;Williamson to Smith, no run slower through the air and Smith defends it to leg;
61.1;1;Williamson to Voges, 1 run brings it in towards middle stump from short of length and Voges pulls it to deep midwicket for one;
60.6;?;Henry to Smith, no run bouncer again, this time just around off, and Smith sways out of the line to let it go;
60.5;?;Henry to Smith, no run bouncer to Smith, he hooks and gets an inside edge onto his right elbow before it hits the ground;
60.4;1;Henry to Voges, 1 run length delivery outside off and he leans into it to drive it just past cover for one;
60.3;?;Henry to Voges, no run he stays back and chops that towards point and they decide against the single;
60.2;?;Henry to Voges, no run fullish towards the off stump now and it's driven down gently to the bowler;
60.1;?;Henry to Voges, no run in the block hole outside off, he steers it to point off the back foot;
59.6;?;Craig to Smith, no run much closer to off stump now, Smith blocks it back;
59.5;2;Craig to Smith, 2 runs bit of turn to bring the ball in from outside off, thick outside edge goes to the third man area for two more;
59.4;4;Craig to Smith, 4 runs pretty full outside off, Smith waits and drives it late to send it to the third man where Taylor chases to slide and cut it in. Third umpire will check if the slide was clean, but they run four for that;
59.3;?;Craig to Smith, no run tossed up outside off, there's room and Smith drives it softly to cover;
59.2;1;Craig to Voges, 1 run full toss outside off, driven down the ground with a straight bat and long on cuts it in;
59.1;1;Craig to Smith, 1 run turning in a bit and it's driven down to long on for one;
58.6;?;Henry to Voges, no run fullish outside off again, this time it's defended back to the bowler;
58.5;?;Henry to Voges, no run pushes the fuller ball closer to off, down to mid on with the straight bat;
58.4;?;Henry to Voges, no run back of length again outside off, he shoulders arms;
58.3;?;Henry to Voges, no run nearly a yorker on off and middle, flicked to midwicket by Voges;
58.2;?;Henry to Voges, no run leans out towards the off side and lets the ball go to the keeper;
58.1;?;Henry to Voges, no run tight line on the off stump, Voges presents the straight face (of the bat) and blocks it back;
57.6;1;Craig to Voges, 1 run flighted outside off and he reaches out outside off to sweep that fine on the leg side by taking it on the full;
57.5;?;Craig to Voges, no run;
57.4;4;Craig to Voges, FOUR runs this one keeps straighter and it's wider outside off, Voges goes back to defend and gets a thick outside edge running to the boundary. Taylor gets to the ball but fumbles while trying to go down and that goes through him for four;
57.3;?;Craig to Voges, no run hint of turn outside off from length, pushed into the covers;
57.2;2;Craig to Voges, 2 runs flatter one down the leg side, it goes off Watling's gloves towards fine leg and the umpire says that was off the bat;
57.1;1;Craig to Smith, 1 run turning in from around off, tucked to long leg for one;
56.6;?;Henry to Voges, no run full on the off stump, pushed down to mid on with the straight bat again;
56.5;?;Henry to Voges, no run outside the off stump again and it's blocked on the off side;
56.4;?;Henry to Voges, no run back of length outside off and it's left alone;
56.3;?;Henry to Voges, no run reaches out a bit towards off and defends the back of length ball;
56.2;?;Henry to Voges, no run full now just around off and it's pushed down to mid on with a straight bat;
56.1;?;Henry to Voges, no run around length outside off, he defends off the back foot;
55.6;?;Boult to Smith, no run another short one, Smith manages to drag it from outside off and pull it down to square leg;
55.5;?;Boult to Smith, no run fullish delivery on off stump, defended;
55.4;?;Boult to Smith, no run back of a length and outside off, dabbed to point;
55.3;4;Boult to Smith, FOUR runs hello hello! How is that for a reply. Boult slips in a full teaser outside off, Smith pushes his weight forward and lashes it through the covers. Big grins from both men involved;
55.2;?;Boult to Smith, no run struck on the side of the helmet! He doesn't look too shocked. Banged in short from Boult and the batsman finished the shot too early. Got a little big on him as well and knocked him on the side of the lid. Minor break in play as the Australia doctor comes out to check him. And they are asking for a new helmet. Good call.;
55.1;?;Boult to Smith, no run good length ball on off stump, defended;
54.6;?;Henry to Voges, no run fuller delivery outside off, Voges drives into the covers;
54.5;?;Henry to Voges, no run muted appeal for lbw as this ball keeps low! Hits a crack on a good length, Voges was setting up for a simple defensive and is lucky to get the bottom of the bat before it struck the pad;
54.4;4;Henry to Voges, FOUR runs glanced away to the long leg boundary, and Voges marches closer to becoming the sixth hundred of this game;
54.3;?;Henry to Voges, no run short of a length, on off stump, defended;
54.2;?;Henry to Voges, no run shortish on and around off stump, defended stoutly;
54.1;?;Henry to Voges, no run back of a length on off stump, stopped in its tracks;
53.6;?;Boult to Smith, no run fullish length, but Smith prefers the safety of his crease as he gets squared up and blocks;
53.5;?;Boult to Smith, no run full and at the base of off stump, kept out;
53.4;?;Boult to Smith, no run pushes him back with another short ball at 137 kph, Smith blunts it easily;
53.3;1;Boult to Voges, 1 run no trouble against the short ball, Voges uses his height and enlists his power to hammer it away to deep midwicket. Didn't look like the most threatening ball, Boulty;
53.2;?;Boult to Voges, no run good length ball on off stump, blocked;
53.1;?;Boult to Voges, no run fuller delivery on and around off stump, defended;
52.6;?;Henry to Smith, no run 136 kph, plants a yorker which was angled into off stump, Smith digs it out;
52.5;?;Henry to Smith, no run back of a length on off stump, kept out;
52.5;1w;Henry to Smith, 1 wide 130 kph gets the bouncer outside off a lot higher, a bit too high. for both the batsman and the umpire;
52.4;1;Henry to Voges, 1 run 139 kph, looks very good on the pull. Just waits for the ball, swivels around on his back foot, gets on top of the bounce and rolls his wrists all in one efficient motion for just one lovely run to long leg;
52.3;?;Henry to Voges, no run 134 kph, seems a touch nipper than that. Perhaps he skids onto the bat. Voges has to bring his hands down quickly to protect his off stump;
52.2;?;Henry to Voges, no run bat in front of pad as the resolute defence continues. No sideways movement, unless it digs into one of those famous cracks;
52.1;?;Henry to Voges, no run good length ball on off stump, defended;

Vineet: "Only smith and voges were left to score a century.. the bowlers have no respite on this pitch.. no even contest between bat and ball which is sad to see.. "
 Innings Start
6pm: That is that for Mitchell Johnson. He has signed off with two wickets off bouncers (what else?). The curtains roll down on a glorious career. Only three Australia bowlers sit ahead of him on the wickets tally. Watch out for tribute and appreciation pieces. A million batsmen will breathe easier, though. Many thanks for joining us. Next up is the pink ball Test. Do come back for that. For now, ta ta and cheerio from myself, Monga, Nikhil, and Vishal.
5:55pm: Presentation:
Ross Taylor, Man of the Match: The way I batted in Brisbane I though it was not possible. I went back to the basics and played straight. I am back playing after injury and enjoying myself. The way Warner and Khawaja batted they took the game away from us. We needed fighting spirit and Kane batted well. Oh definitely, innings of my life. Right up there.
Brendon McCullum: It was a really good game of cricket. Both teams showed a lot of resolve. Overall the class of the top-order batsmen of both teams showed. We are really happy to have put up a sizeable total. Voges and Smith played an outstanding innings that put an end to the contest. Adelaide is going to be a new challenge. We showed some fight here; happy to finish from where we started.
Steve Smith: He has been a great ambassador of the game. Sad to see him leave. We wish him well. Peter Siddle is around. The first Test with the pink ball and we are looking forward to it. Taylor was outstanding and we can't get Kane Williamson out. We were hoping to get the cracks in, but did not happen quite enough. It is great to have the crows coming in. Hopefully, it will be another good clash.
5:49pm: And that's that first draw at the WACA since December 2005, says Bharath Seervi. David Warner and Usman Khawaja struck. Kane Williamson and Ross Taylor struck back. Steve Smith and Adam Voges struck back, again as Australia set New Zealand a target of 321 in 48 overs. Mitch J then produced one final burst, ripping out Latham and Guptill with bouncers.
By the way, Australia have retained the Trans-Tasman trophy.
5:40pm: Mitch J has the ball in his hand. Time for one final roar? Oh, the umpires converge, the light fades, and the players shake hands. Mitch J takes handshakes from his team-mates. Lyon passes on a stump to the the fast man. He waves his cap across to the home crowd. Starc and Hazlewood chair Mitch J off the field. He then runs onto the field and shakes hands with the New Zealand players. McMillan and Johnson exchange grins. Perhaps, he is offering a net challenge along with Starc?
Johnson: There was a fair bit of emotion when the boys picked me up. Nearly brought a tear to my eye. It has been great. I have really enjoyed myself. New Zealand made it special with a guard of honour. I went up to Brendon and shook my hand. I have my friends and family here. I really appreciate it. I can't sit still for five minutes. I will have to figure out what to do. I am not really sure about a stand out moment. This moment, I can walk off and be proud of my career. I am sure I can have a beer with the guys and discuss my moments with them. I want to thank my family and everyone who has been out there for me even in club cricket.
Johnson is clapped off the field by his team-mates. Now his family, joins him.
Hoover: "Fitting that Johnson took the only 2 wickets to fall this innings as his last hurrah. Thanks for the entertainment MJ."
zubyr: "We will miss the Mitch mustache which I had followed from log time. A sign of aggression and intimidation."
27.6;?;Marsh to Williamson, no run good length ball with a hint of extra bounce on off, KW manages to keep it out;
27.5;?;Marsh to Williamson, no run back of a length and on middle, KW slithers across off and works it to midwicket;
27.4;?;Marsh to Williamson, no run full and outside off, KW does not chase it;
27.3;2;Marsh to Williamson, 2 runs full ball, drifting into the pads, flicked through midwicket;
27.2;?;Marsh to Williamson, no run good length and around off, blocked to cover;
27.1;2;Marsh to Williamson, 2 runs dug in outside off, KW goes air borne, manages to punch it through cover;
26.6;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run shorter delivery just outside off, Taylor defends;
26.5;1;Lyon to Williamson, 1 run waits on the back lift off a back of a length ball and clips it behind short leg;
26.4;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run goes right back against a good length ball and drops it down by his own feet;
26.3;1;Lyon to Taylor, 1 run goes back to the shorter ball and dabs it through point. Taylor's messed with Lyon's length with those sweeps. There was a beautifully looped up offspinner in the last over, none of that here;
26.2;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run pulled the length back, and bowled quicker as well, to defeat the Taylor sweep;
26.1;4;Lyon to Taylor, FOUR runs away she goes, vicious slog sweep from Taylor and he made sure it was kept all along the ground. Took the ball from outside off stump, which means he had the room for a full swing, and he hit it through midwicket;
25.6;?;Marsh to Williamson, no run back of a length and outside off, no bother to KW as he leaves;
25.5;?;Marsh to Williamson, no run fullish on off stump, Williamson leans forward to block and according to how he adjusts by dropping his wrists nice and low, it seems the ball stayed down;
25.4;2;Marsh to Williamson, 2 runs did not quite nail the pull, but he does have enough on it to get it down to deep square leg. Hit rather high on the bat;
25.3;?;Marsh to Williamson, no run rock-solid perfection from KW. Lines up the back of a length delivery on off stump and blunts it. Soft hands, head right over the ball;
25.2;?;Marsh to Williamson, no run just back of a good length on off stump, solidly defended;
25.1;1;Marsh to Taylor, 1 run waits for the shorter one and runs it behind point. Just straightforward cricket so far;
24.6;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run lunges forward to the pitch of an overpitched off spinner and yorks himself really;
24.5;1;Lyon to Taylor, 1 run swept away, Taylor's snuggly safety blanket against spin. Took it from outside off and put it behind square leg;
24.4;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run well bowled! It's all in the flight. Looped it up to draw the batsman forward, but there is no way he could have got to the pitch. So the ball pitches, turns past the inside edge and hits him high on the thigh. Lovely offspin bowling;
24.3;1;Lyon to Williamson, 1 run sees the length shorter and immediately he is back with a gentle tap behind square leg;
24.2;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run goes back to a back of a length delivery on off stump, defends;
24.1;4;Lyon to Williamson, FOUR runs poor bowling, beautiful batting. Lyon drops it short and gives Williamson ample time to watch it and pull it right through Burnsy at short leg. Oooh, this just grazed him but still.;
23.6;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run looking for the lbw, but Taylor is in such good form that he does not play around his front pad. Brings down a lovely straight bat to block to midwicket.;
23.5;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run ducks a few inches in to keep Taylor to a circumspect drive to mid-on;
23.4;2;Marsh to Taylor, 2 runs full and angled in at the toes, nudged away behind square leg;
23.3;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run oooh, lovely shot but he has nailed it to Starcy at gully. Only just short and barely wide, but he played the back cut so sweetly;
23.2;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run quite sedately knocked into the pitch as Marsh bowls full on off;
23.1;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run lunges forward, as if ready to whip it over the on side, but then realises the risk was too much and forces himself to defend the fuller ball on off stump;
22.6;?;Starc to Williamson, no run full and wide outside off, no stroke offered again;
22.5;?;Starc to Williamson, no run angled in but does not pose a threat to off, ignored;
22.4;1;Starc to Taylor, 1 run pitched up and on off, driven past cover;
22.3;?;Starc to Taylor, no run wide line outside off, the batsman need not bother with it;
22.2;2;Starc to Taylor, 2 runs full and hurtles in with the angle, picked away through midwicket;
22.1;1;Starc to Williamson, 1 run angled in and full, tapped in front of midwicket for a quick single;
21.6;4;Lyon to Taylor, FOUR runs too full and outside off, Taylor twirls his wrists and sends it whistling past cover with a drive;
21.5;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run more flight on this, pokey drive to mid-on off the inside half;
21.4;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run looped up on off, Taylor comes forward and defends to leg, to left of short leg;
21.3;1;Lyon to Williamson, 1 run good length offbreak, KW keeps back and milks one behind square;
21.2;1;Lyon to Taylor, 1 run dragged from outside off to deep square leg with a slog sweep;
21.1;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run quicker one on off with extra bounce, defended;
20.6;?;Starc to Williamson, no run short ball, climbs on off, Williamson leaps off his feet in defence;
20.5;?;Starc to Williamson, no run short and angled in, kept out;
20.4;?;Starc to Williamson, no run inducker, rips back in, and rushes through the gate besides shooting low. Another grubber, it almost grazed off;
20.3;?;Starc to Williamson, no run Starc pulls his length back outside off, KW isn't interested again;
20.2;?;Starc to Williamson, no run angled outside off, left alone;
20.1;2;Starc to Williamson, 2 runs angled in on off, neaty flicked through midwicket;
19.6;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run pitched up on off, defended off the front foot;
19.5;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run extra bounce and turn, quelled to off;
19.4;2;Lyon to Taylor, 2 runs darted flat and outside off, drilled past cover for two;
19.3;1;Lyon to Williamson, 1 run KW ventures deep in the crease agan, this time he nudges it to the right of bat-pad;
19.2;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run turns in on off, defended to short leg off the back foot;
19.1;1;Lyon to Taylor, 1 run slog swept from off to backward square leg;
18.6;?;Starc to Williamson, no run pitched up and angled in on off, driven smoothly to mid-off;
18.5;?;Starc to Williamson, no run fired full on off at 144.6ks, KW covers up this incoming ball in defence;
18.4;?;Starc to Williamson, no run back of a length and outside off, KW shoulders arms;
18.3;?;Starc to Williamson, no run full and hurled outside off at 142.7ks, KW doesn't want to touch it;
18.2;?;Starc to Williamson, no run angled in full as Starc attacks the off stump, KW's solid defence denies Starc;
18.1;?;Starc to Williamson, no run angled outside off from round the stumps, the batsman lets it be;
17.6;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run full and on off, Taylor presses forward to defend it back;
17.5;1;Lyon to Williamson, 1 run nudged through backward square leg;
17.4;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run worked to short leg off the back foot;
17.3;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run tucks another offbreak to short leg off the back foot;
17.2;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run sharp offbreak, defended to short leg off the back foot;
17.1;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run flighted and dips on off, KW replies with a dead bat;
16.6;4;Johnson to Taylor, FOUR runs full and angling away, width offered and Johnson has his hands on his head. Taylor crunches another drive, this one wide of covers;
16.5;1;Johnson to Williamson, 1 run short and on middle, KW is unperturbed, hooking through backward square;
16.4;3;Johnson to Taylor, 3 runs pitched up and outside off, angled away from over the stumps, punchily driven past cover and the sub fielder cuts it off;
16.3;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run back of a length and angled in as Taylor goes forward and across in defence;
16.2;4;Johnson to Taylor, FOUR runs Johnson ventures full and gifts width outside off, Taylor drives it gloriously through cover for four;
16.1;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run another short ball, Taylor does not flinch, he pulls it and Burns is struck flush on the left hand at short leg;
15.6;?;Lyon to Williamson, no run tapped defensively behind point;
15.5;1;Lyon to Taylor, 1 run quicker offbreak, skids on, chopped off the back foot towards covers;
15.4;4;Lyon to Taylor, FOUR runs pretty full and outside off, Taylor cracks a wristy drive through the cover-point region;
15.3;?;Lyon to Taylor, no run pushed through outside off, slog sweep and a miss;
15.2;1;Lyon to Williamson, 1 run offbreak, slants in, KW drops back and guides it through square leg;
15.1;4;Lyon to Williamson, FOUR runs slightly short and outside off, forced past the covers;
14.6;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run short and angled in, Taylor is now forced to go air borne in defence;
14.5;W;Johnson to Guptill, OUT bouncer and boom, Johnson style! Banged in at 141.5ks, rises and leaves Guptill in an awkward tangle. He hops up and pops it to short leg. This one carries low to Burns;Martin Guptill c Burns b Johnson 17 (61m 43b 2x4 0x6) SR: 39.53;
14.4;?;Johnson to Guptill, no run short and angled in at 145ks, Mitch J has Guptill, hopping and fending in front of short leg;
14.3;1;Johnson to Williamson, 1 run dug in down leg, helped to long leg with a pull;
14.2;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run full and a hint of away movement to square up KW. Defended gingerly;
14.1;2;Johnson to Williamson, 2 runs shortish and angling away, KW is up on his tippy toes, gets on top of the bounce and punches it solidly past cover;
13.6;?;Lyon to Guptill, no run Guptill bends forward to smother this flighted ball on off;
13.5;?;Lyon to Guptill, no run slides on outside off with extra bounce, Guptill lets it pass;
13.4;?;Lyon to Guptill, no run slides on off, patted in front of point;
13.3;2;Lyon to Guptill, 2 runs Guptill plays for the turn, this goes on straight, he ends up prodding it past lone slip off an outside edge;
13.2;?;Lyon to Guptill, no run pushed through and drifts in, blocked in front of cover;
13.1;?;Lyon to Guptill, no run hurrying ball on off, nearly shoots through the defences. Guptill jams his bat down and keeps it out off an inner edge;
12.6;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run full and angling away outside off now, left well alone;
12.5;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run 143.2ks lifter, it gets big on KW and beats him on the hook;
12.4;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run pitched up and outside off, driven to backward point;
12.3;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run back of a length and angled in, KW inches forward and drops it in front of cover;
12.2;4;Johnson to Williamson, FOUR runs short and angled in, controlled pull in front of square;
12.1;?;Johnson to Williamson, no run a tad overpitched outside off, KW leans forward and drives it to the left of mid-off, where Wells the sub fielder makes a superb stop;
11.6;?;Hazlewood to Guptill, no run back of a length and outside off, jabbing punch to backward point;
11.5;1;Hazlewood to Williamson, 1 run dug in short and just a shade outside off, KW rolls his wrists and swivel-pulls it behind square; long leg hunts it down. KW slipped at the bowlers' end and has to settle for one. It is still quite damp and KW signals for a fresh pair of gloves;
11.4;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run back of a length and on a fourth-stump line as KW drops it in front of his toes;
11.3;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run full and angled in as KW gets across in defence;
11.2;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run back of a length and a shade outside off, ignored;
11.1;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run back of a length and on middle, defended to midwicket;
10.6;?;Johnson to Guptill, no run full at 142.9ks, Guptill tips forward and blocks this incoming ball on off;
10.5;?;Johnson to Guptill, no run short ball fired in at 144ks, Guptill gets into an awkward tangle and takes a blow on the glove;
10.4;?;Johnson to Guptill, no run good length and angled in, Guptill hangs back and angles it to point;
10.3;?;Johnson to Guptill, no run 141.1ks, full ball swings, patted down the ground;
10.2;W;Johnson to Latham, OUT Mitch J strikes and beams, his family is pumped. He waves to them I suppose. Lifting short ball rushes onto the left-handed opener at 147.1ks, Latham does not get hold of an attempted hook. He top-edges it as the ball balloons to long leg. Hazlewood runs in, plunges forward and completes a smart catch;Tom Latham c Hazlewood b Johnson 15 (42m 32b 2x4 0x6) SR: 46.87;
10.1;1;Johnson to Guptill, 1 run full at 139.2ks, angled in, dabbed towards point;
9.6;?;Hazlewood to Latham, no run full and on middle, Latham gets forward and pushes it to mid-on;
9.5;?;Hazlewood to Latham, no run encouraging carry on this good length ball angling away, Latham tightens his technique and lets it pass;
9.4;?;Hazlewood to Latham, no run good length and angling across off, Latham would have been better off had he ignored it. Instead, he pokes it to gully;
9.3;1;Hazlewood to Guptill, 1 run pitched up and on off, patted in the gap at cover for a quick one;
9.2;?;Hazlewood to Guptill, no run good length and angled in, dabbed defensively towards square cover;
9.1;?;Hazlewood to Guptill, no run nice and full on off, neatly pushed to mid-off;
8.6;?;Johnson to Latham, no run 142.5ks, good length and on middle, Latham comes forward in defence;
8.5;?;Johnson to Latham, no run veering onto the leg stump, off the pad to short fine leg;
8.4;?;Johnson to Latham, no run;
8.3;4b;Johnson to Latham, 4 byes;
8.2;?;Johnson to Latham, no run back of a length and on off, solidly defended back;
8.1;?;Johnson to Latham, no run shortish and on middle, clipped to square leg;
7.6;?;Hazlewood to Guptill, no run Guptill covers his offstump and shoulders arms to this full ball;
7.5;?;Hazlewood to Guptill, no run full and on off, Guptill inches forward to defend;
7.4;?;Hazlewood to Guptill, no run length and swerves back in, defended;
7.3;?;Hazlewood to Guptill, no run full and on middle, defensively tapped back to the bowler;
7.2;?;Hazlewood to Guptill, no run short and angled in, blunted onto the pitch after leaping off his feet;
7.1;?;Hazlewood to Guptill, no run full and angled in, defended back to the bowler;
6.6;?;Johnson to Latham, no run full and on a fourth-stump line as Latham gets across in defence;
6.5;?;Johnson to Latham, no run dug in outside off, defended to point;
6.4;?;Johnson to Latham, no run fullish ball, carefully blocked;
6.3;?;Johnson to Latham, no run short and outside off, blunted in front of point;
6.2;?;Johnson to Latham, no run Johnson fires a bouncer outside off, Latham sways out of the way;
6.1;?;Johnson to Latham, no run good length and on off, blocked back to the bowler;
5.6;?;Hazlewood to Guptill, no run full and outside off, ignored;
5.5;?;Hazlewood to Guptill, no run back of a length and nibbles in to hit the thigh;
5.4;?;Hazlewood to Guptill, no run back of a length ball, patted in front of cover. No run here;
5.3;?;Hazlewood to Guptill, no run full and comes in, driven to mid-on off the inside half;
5.2;1;Hazlewood to Latham, 1 run good length and on a fourth-stump line, tip and run in front of cover.... First runs off Hazlewood;
5.1;?;Hazlewood to Latham, no run angling away outside off, Latham lets it be;
4.6;2;Starc to Guptill, 2 runs full and angled in, sliced drive through point off a thickish outside edge;
4.5;4;Starc to Guptill, FOUR runs full and outside off, Guptill reaches out and sends an outside edge flying past the outstretched hands of a diving Marsh. Those chances have to stick;
4.4;4;Starc to Guptill, FOUR runs short and wide outside off, Guptill plays an aerial punch over backward point.. Lyon chases but can't pull it in;
4.3;?;Starc to Guptill, no run angled in full and outside off, flowy drive to mid-off;
4.2;3;Starc to Latham, 3 runs 144.2ks but Starc errs too full again, sweetly flicked through midwicket;
4.1;4;Starc to Latham, FOUR runs half-volley outside off, Latham creams a drive past cover for four;
3.6;?;Hazlewood to Guptill, no run rears up from a back of a length in the channel, leaving Guptill wafting and missing;
3.5;?;Hazlewood to Guptill, no run full and on a fourth-stump line, left alone;
3.4;?;Hazlewood to Guptill, no run bouncer, Guptill hunkers down;
3.3;?;Hazlewood to Guptill, no run curling in on middle and leg to hit the pad as Guptill falls over... but this was clearly going down leg;
3.2;?;Hazlewood to Guptill, no run another incoming ball, defensively pushed to mid-on;
3.1;?;Hazlewood to Guptill, no run good length and angled in, poked to cover;
2.6;?;Starc to Latham, no run back of a length ball on off, Latham comes forward to defend it to off;
2.5;4;Starc to Latham, FOUR runs veering into the pads, clipped behind square, there is no protection in the deep. That's the 200th four of the Test, says our statsman Bharat Seervi;
2.4;1;Starc to Guptill, 1 run good length and angled in, picked away to long leg;
2.3;?;Starc to Guptill, no run full and seeking the base of off at 144ks, dug out;
2.2;?;Starc to Guptill, no run dug in outside off, keeps going away with the angle. Guptill hoists his above his shoulder and lets it pass;
2.1;?;Starc to Guptill, no run full and angling away outside off, Guptill shoulders arms;
1.6;?;Hazlewood to Latham, no run back of a length and outside off, left alone again;
1.5;?;Hazlewood to Latham, no run good length and curves away outside off, nearly catching the outside edge;
1.4;?;Hazlewood to Latham, no run back of a length and on middle, defended off the back foot;
1.3;?;Hazlewood to Latham, no run good length and on middle, defended in front of cover;
1.2;?;Hazlewood to Latham, no run and again as Hazlewood hits the repeat button. As does the left-handed opener;
1.1;?;Hazlewood to Latham, no run this length ball goes away with the angle outside off, no stroke offered;
0.6;2;Starc to Guptill, 2 runs full and on off, tapped through backward point;
0.5;?;Starc to Guptill, no run short and angled away, Guptill leaps off his feet and defends to gully;
0.4;1;Starc to Latham, 1 run another incoming ball, glanced fine for one more;
0.3;?;Starc to Latham, no run Starc fires out an inswinging yorker, Latham jabs his bat down and keeps it out;
0.2;2;Starc to Latham, 2 runs short and on the hips, deflected down to long leg;
0.1;?;Starc to Latham, no run bangs a short ball outside off, Latham sways his upper body out of the way;

2:12pm: Three slips, a gully and short leg in. Starc takes the new ball. Guptill and Latham (not Baz) are NZ's openers.
2:10pm: Johnson is warming up. He gives Smith a low five. Warner puts the ball in his lap before Australia huddle together. Johnson then faces up to the crowd and leads the hosts onto the field. Oh, he gets a low five from the other Mitchell and hugs him.
 Innings Start