Data
Apart from the over-rate, 12 minutes too slow, Australia have little to complain about their effort in the field. Disciplined, well-planned, and executing their plans well, they keep Sri Lanka down to 207 on a flat track. Sanga and Kula played fluently, Dilshan and Mathews got starts but couldn't convert them into big ones. Between the 11th and 41st overs, Australia conceded just one six and one four. Do join us at around 6.40pm to see if Australia do better than Sri Lanka
49.3;W;Watson to Kulasekara, OUT Clarke takes the catch now. Short of a length, Kula has an almighty heave at it, gets a leading edge, which stays forever in the sky, and Clarke completes a running catch from cover;Nuwan Kulasekara c Clarke b Watson 34 (47m 31b 3x4 1x6) SR: 109.67;
49.2;1;Watson to Mendis, 1 run full toss outside off, driven square for a single;
49.1;1;Watson to Kulasekara, 1 run looks for the yorker, but it is slightly short of one, Mendia hits it to long-on for one;
48.6;1;Johnson to Kulasekara, 1 run now he bowls a wide full toss, which is slashed to third man for one;
48.5;1;Johnson to Mendis, 1 run Clarke drops a sitter at wide slip. Johnson had worked his man over, finally getting the outside edge with one that left him from round the stumps. But in and out!;
48.4;?;Johnson to Mendis, no run straightens just a touch, gets the leading edge from Mendis, towards mid-off;
48.4;1w;Johnson to Mendis, 1 wide quick bouncer, but well down the leg side;
48.3;?;Johnson to Mendis, no run Mendis goes for the big hit down the ground, doesn't reach the line of the ball just outside off;
48.2;?;Johnson to Mendis, no run short ball, holds its line, Mendis swings well inside the line. Beaten neck and crop;
48.1;1;Johnson to Kulasekara, 1 run length ball, around off, driven to long-off for one;
47.6;?;Watson to Mendis, no run yorker now, around off, Mendis keeps it out;
47.5;4;Watson to Mendis, FOUR runs short and wide, and superbly cut away, suitably late to beat backward point. You won't be able rub that smile off his face;
47.4;1;Watson to Kulasekara, 1 run slower short ball, pulled away to deep square leg for one;
47.3;1;Watson to Mendis, 1 run short of a length, punched away to sweeper-cover for one;
47.2;1;Watson to Kulasekara, 1 run full, just outside off, Kula clears the front leg, and hits this down to long-on for one;
47.1;?;Watson to Kulasekara, no run slower ball, short outside off, looks to run this down fine, is beaten;
46.6;?;Johnson to Mendis, no run bowls full and wide, Mendis's outside edge is beaten;
46.5;W;Johnson to Herath, OUT late swing for Johnson, accurate too, this pitches middle and off, and swings in, beats the bat, hits the pad for a pretty straightforward decision for Tony Hill;Rangana Herath lbw b Johnson 9 (17m 13b 0x4 0x6) SR: 69.23;
46.4;1;Johnson to Kulasekara, 1 run tucked away off the hips for one;
46.3;1;Johnson to Herath, 1 run worked into the on side for a single;
46.2;2;Johnson to Herath, 2 runs short and wide, steered wide of third man, will come back for two;
46.1;?;Johnson to Herath, no run back of a length, just outside off, pushed to cover;
35.6;?;Watson to Sangakkara, no run driven on the up, straight back, Watson dives and fields in his follow-through;
35.5;?;Watson to Sangakkara, no run tries the yorker, around middle and leg, Sanga keeps it out;
35.4;1;Watson to Angelo Mathews, 1 run fuller now, pushed to long-on for an easy single;
35.3;2;Watson to Angelo Mathews, 2 runs bouncer, pulled away nicely, keeps it down, gets a couple by the time Hussey runs around from deep square;
35.2;1;Watson to Sangakkara, 1 run short of a length, pushed down to long-on;
35.1;?;Watson to Sangakkara, no run stops a touch at him, played towards midwicket;
34.6;?;Hussey to Angelo Mathews, no run flat on the pads, worked away for one;
34.5;1;Hussey to Sangakkara, 1 run that's tossed up higher, driven square on the off side for one;
34.4;?;Hussey to Sangakkara, no run flighted outside off, pushed to extra cover;
34.3;1;Hussey to Angelo Mathews, 1 run turns this around the corner for a single;
34.2;?;Hussey to Angelo Mathews, no run angled across, guided with an open face, but finds backward point;
34.1;?;Hussey to Angelo Mathews, no run length ball on the pads, Mathews turns this to square leg, Sanga has to be sent back. Watson's throw is quick, but slightly wide;
45.6;?;Lee to Kulasekara, no run short outside off, punched away stylishly, but straight to extra cover;
45.5;?;Lee to Kulasekara, no run slower ball, wide outside off, squirted square on the off side, but Ponting at point keeps them from taking the single;
45.4;2;Lee to Kulasekara, 2 runs this yorker goes wrong, and he check-drives this low full toss straight of long-on for two;
45.3;?;Lee to Kulasekara, no run length ball, wide of off, but Kula hits it to straight extra cover;
45.2;?;Lee to Kulasekara, no run wide yorker, beats Kula's attempt to squeeze it past point;
45.1;1;Lee to Herath, 1 run another short one for Herath, who pulls this to fine leg for one;
44.6;1;Bollinger to Herath, 1 run bouncer, into the chest area, Heratth gets some bat onto it, and keeps it down too. Takes the single towards square leg;
44.5;?;Bollinger to Herath, no run pushes him onto the back foot with a shortish delivery, defended to cover;
44.4;1;Bollinger to Kulasekara, 1 run short and wide, cut away quite powerfully, can't beat deep point, though;
44.3;?;Bollinger to Kulasekara, no run short, at his body, guided to point;
44.2;4;Bollinger to Kulasekara, FOUR runs slower ball, angled across him, and he chips this over extra cover. A nice inside-out shot;
44.1;?;Bollinger to Kulasekara, no run back of a length, middle and off, pushed to mid-on;
33.6;?;Watson to Sangakkara, no run angled in, back of a length, pushed to mid-on;
33.5;?;Watson to Sangakkara, no run full ball, outside off, driven to extra cover. Smith puts in a desperate dive and saves runs, at least one;
33.4;1;Watson to Angelo Mathews, 1 run fuller, into the pads, nudged into the on side for one;
33.3;?;Watson to Angelo Mathews, no run short of a length, just outside off, Mathews can't place this wide of Watson;
33.2;?;Watson to Angelo Mathews, no run back of a length, moves in a touch, punched to extra cover;
33.1;1;Watson to Sangakkara, 1 run that's fifty for Sanga, through a gentle length ball on the pads, which he flicks away for a single;
32.6;1;Johnson to Sangakkara, 1 run bowled from behind the stumps, gets more swing into the left-hand batsman. Sanga pushes with soft hands, gets a single to mid-on;
32.5;?;Johnson to Sangakkara, no run short and wide, Sanga looks to run this down, gets a bottom edge well short of Haddin;
32.4;1;Johnson to Angelo Mathews, 1 run bowls a wide full toss, driven square, Ponting gets a hand to it at point, deflecting it towards sweeper-cover;
32.3;2;Johnson to Angelo Mathews, 2 runs tucks him up with a short one, guided into the on side for a couple. The fine leg is very square;
32.2;1;Johnson to Sangakkara, 1 run more swing into the pads, worked away for a single this time to bring up the fifty of this stand. Just one boundary in it;
32.1;?;Johnson to Sangakkara, no run superb yorker, swinging in late, in front of middle, but Johnson's appeal is stifled. Perhaps because he sees the ball hit the bat. I got a feeling it hit the boot first, though!;
31.6;?;Doherty to Angelo Mathews, no run a quick delivery around off to end a good spell for Doherty. Mathews defends;
31.5;?;Doherty to Angelo Mathews, no run short and wide, but this turns and bounce, and Mathews chooses to play it with soft hands;
31.4;?;Doherty to Angelo Mathews, no run stays in his crease and defends this;
31.3;?;Doherty to Angelo Mathews, no run lovely drift and dip, Mathews was looking to come down, but saw he was never going to get close to this, and defended;
31.2;1;Doherty to Sangakkara, 1 run drifts outside off for Sanga, who pushes this with an open face for a single;
31.1;1;Doherty to Angelo Mathews, 1 run the rare short and flat ball from Doherty, punched down to long-off for one;
30.6;?;Johnson to Sangakkara, no run length ball, outside off, Sanga comes forward and defends solidly;
30.5;1;Johnson to Angelo Mathews, 1 run short ball, quick too, at 142ks, Mathews is tucked up, gets a single to third man;
30.4;1;Johnson to Sangakkara, 1 run goes for the full and straight delivery again, worked away for a single square on the on side;
30.3;1;Johnson to Angelo Mathews, 1 run worked away off the pads for a single;
30.2;1lb;Johnson to Sangakkara, 1 leg bye full, on the pads, Johnson hits him on the pads, but stifles his appeal because he knows this is headed down the leg side;
30.1;?;Johnson to Sangakkara, no run length ball, around off, Sanga pushes this to mid-off;
29.6;?;Doherty to Angelo Mathews, no run flatter delivery, pushed to cover;
29.5;?;Doherty to Angelo Mathews, no run more drift for him, Mathews comes forward and defends;
29.4;1;Doherty to Sangakkara, 1 run into the pads now, turned to square leg for one;
29.4;1w;Doherty to Sangakkara, 1 wide harsh harsh call... this is drifting in the air, like a good old inswinger, lands on the guide line for wides. And the umpire spreads his arms. Give the bowlers some room, at least when they are beating the batsmen with drift!;
29.3;1;Doherty to Angelo Mathews, 1 run pushed wide of cover for one;
29.2;1;Doherty to Sangakkara, 1 run quicker, into the pads, worked around the corner;
29.1;4;Doherty to Sangakkara, FOUR runs and what a peach... this drifts away from Sanga, and then turns and spits... gets a thin inside edge, and Haddin is nowhere close to the ball. He appeals for something, though. Only he knows what;
28.6;?;Johnson to Angelo Mathews, no run beautiful offcutter, pitches on a length, around off, Mathews plays at it, and is beaten by the movement;
28.5;2;Johnson to Angelo Mathews, 2 runs full offcutter, gets a thick edge, which goes square of third man, gets them a couple;
28.4;1;Johnson to Sangakkara, 1 run short and wide, cut away for one;
28.3;1;Johnson to Angelo Mathews, 1 run angled across him, Mathews punches it to sweeper-cover for one;
28.2;?;Johnson to Angelo Mathews, no run length ball, pitches middle and leg, moves away towards off, defended;
28.1;1;Johnson to Sangakkara, 1 run shortish outside off, runs this to third man for one;
27.6;1;Doherty to Sangakkara, 1 run strays on the pads, worked around the corner for one;
27.5;2;Doherty to Sangakkara, 2 runs flatter now, Sanga opens the face late, running it fine;
27.4;?;Doherty to Sangakkara, no run full outside off, good to see he doesn't fire one in after getting hit for six. Defended;
27.3;6;Doherty to Sangakkara, SIX runs First boundary since the 11th over, and what a beautiful shot to bring that with... comes down the track, keeps himself slightly short of the itch, and then lets his arms go through this straight loft. The high elbow provides the cherry;
27.2;1;Doherty to Angelo Mathews, 1 run too far down the leg side, helped away for a single;
27.1;1;Doherty to Sangakkara, 1 run flighted outside off, driven down to long-off for one;
26.6;1;Hussey to Sangakkara, 1 run full, into the pads, pushed to long-on for one;
26.5;1;Hussey to Angelo Mathews, 1 run driven down to long-on for another single;
26.4;?;Hussey to Angelo Mathews, no run full on the pads, turns this to midwicket;
26.3;?;Hussey to Angelo Mathews, no run tossed up outside off, defended;
26.2;1;Hussey to Sangakkara, 1 run jumps out of the crease again, takes this nearly on the full, gets a single to long-off;
26.1;?;Hussey to Sangakkara, no run flighted around off, Sanga comes forward and defends;
25.6;1;Doherty to Sangakkara, 1 run Sanga uses his feet well to come down to the pitch of this delivery, pushes this to long-on;
25.5;1;Doherty to Angelo Mathews, 1 run Mathews leaves his crease now, gets a single to long-off;
25.4;1;Doherty to Sangakkara, 1 run short now, cut away to sweeper-cover for one;
25.3;1;Doherty to Angelo Mathews, 1 run nice nice drift, this was well outside off when it left his hand, then moved in, pitched off, and straightened a touch. Pushed to the left of Doherty, who gets a hand to it, thus beating Smith with the deviation even though he was backing up well;
25.2;1;Doherty to Sangakkara, 1 run come down the track, gets to the pitch of the ball and pushes this to long-on for one;
25.1;?;Doherty to Sangakkara, no run length ball, around off, Sanga defends with soft hands;
24.6;?;Hussey to Angelo Mathews, no run floated wide outside off, pushed to short extra cover;
24.5;?;Hussey to Angelo Mathews, no run full, on the pads, can't get it past midwicket;
24.4;?;Hussey to Angelo Mathews, no run Mathews presses forward and defends around his front pad;
24.3;1;Hussey to Sangakkara, 1 run full toss outside off, driven down to long-on for one;
24.2;?;Hussey to Sangakkara, no run tossed up outside off, pushed to extra cover;
24.1;?;Hussey to Sangakkara, no run drifts in towards Sanga, who can't get it past the straight extra cover;
23.6;?;Doherty to Angelo Mathews, no run another firm push, away from the body, towards cover;
23.5;?;Doherty to Angelo Mathews, no run flighted outside off, Mathews drives it firmly to mid-off;
23.4;1;Doherty to Sangakkara, 1 run slightly flatter, this time Sanga forces this through the cover ring for one;
23.3;?;Doherty to Sangakkara, no run floated outside off, pushed to point;
23.2;?;Doherty to Sangakkara, no run Smith has saved four here. Full and wide, nicely driven, but Smith puts in the dive at extra cover;
23.1;?;Doherty to Sangakkara, no run short outside off, not short enough to cut, punched to cover-point;
22.6;1;Hussey to Sangakkara, 1 run this one turns away from Sanga, gets a thick edge for a single;
22.5;1;Hussey to Angelo Mathews, 1 run angling across, Mathews plays with soft hands, and takes a single just wide of cover;
22.4;1;Hussey to Sangakkara, 1 run full toss outside off, driven down the ground for a single;
22.3;?;Hussey to Sangakkara, no run angled in, defended to silly mid-on;
22.2;1;Hussey to Angelo Mathews, 1 run full toss, hit straight, but misfielded by silly mid-off, which lets Mathews get his 1000th run;
22.1;1;Hussey to Sangakkara, 1 run tossed up outside off, pushed past point for a single;
22.1;1w;Hussey to Sangakkara, 1 wide angled down the leg side for a wide;
21.6;?;Doherty to Angelo Mathews, no run flighted around middle and off, defended to cover;
21.5;1;Doherty to Sangakkara, 1 run Sanga dances down the track to get close to the pitch, and gets a single to long-on;
21.4;1;Doherty to Angelo Mathews, 1 run short and wide, cut away;
21.3;?;Doherty to Angelo Mathews, no run full on the pads, pushed towards midwicket;
21.2;?;Doherty to Angelo Mathews, no run some bite here, Doherty gets it to drift towards middle and left, and it then turns towards off. Defended;
21.1;1;Doherty to Sangakkara, 1 run flighted outside off, pushed wide of point for one;
20.6;?;Bollinger to Angelo Mathews, no run length ball, pitches middle and leg, moves towards off, Mathews defends. Wicket-maiden for Bollinger;
20.5;?;Bollinger to Angelo Mathews, no run drives on the up, far away from his body, manages to keep it down;
20.4;?;Bollinger to Angelo Mathews, no run bouncer now, Mathews sways out of the line;
20.3;?;Bollinger to Angelo Mathews, no run length ball, seaming away slightly, Mathews is slightly opened up, but keeps it down;
20.2;W;Bollinger to Chandimal, OUT awesome bowling... the bouncer is followed up by the length ball, in the channel outside off. Chandimal is sitting inside the crease after that bouncer, and just leaves the bat to fry. The edge is taken. Good disciplined persistence from Australia on a flat track;Dinesh Chandimal c ?Haddin b Bollinger 1 (4m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
20.1;?;Bollinger to Chandimal, no run lovely bouncer, Chandimal has no clue about this, is hit on the helmet and nearly steps on the stumps. Top stuff, accurate bouncer. Chandimal manages a smile;
19.6;1;Doherty to Chandimal, 1 run Chandimal charges at Dhoerty to get off the mark off a free hit, hits this powerfully down the ground, but can't beat long-on;
19.6;1nb;Doherty to Chandimal, (no ball) oversteps... that's criminal for a spinner in limited-overs cricket... defended off the front foot;
19.6;1w;Doherty to Chandimal, 1 wide more drift here, but this is a wide down the leg side;
19.5;W;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, OUT Doherty gets his man, he has been frustrating Mahela with his accurate bowling and the drift that has been getting. Mahela goes for the big sweep from outside off, and places it right down deep square leg's throat;Mahela Jayawardene c Hussey b Doherty 17 (41m 30b 1x4 0x6) SR: 56.66;
19.4;1;Doherty to Sangakkara, 1 run tossed up outside off, worked away wide of midwicket for one;
19.3;1;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run waits for this one and opens the face late for a single;
19.2;?;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, no run good flight and dip on this one, pitches around off, and holds its line. Mahela defends;
19.1;1;Doherty to Sangakkara, 1 run drift for Doherty, wide outside off, driven towards sweeper-cover;
18.6;1;Bollinger to Sangakkara, 1 run short of a length, angling in, guided towards long leg for one;
18.5;?;Bollinger to Sangakkara, no run short of a length, seams in, Sanga gets an inside edge onto the pad;
18.4;1;Bollinger to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run dropped wide of midwicket, and they charge through for one;
18.3;1;Bollinger to Sangakkara, 1 run length ball, wide of off, leans forward and drives it to sweeper-cover for one;
18.2;?;Bollinger to Sangakkara, no run;
18.1;?;Bollinger to Sangakkara, no run full outside off, Sanga drives it towards point;
17.6;1;Doherty to Sangakkara, 1 run full on the pads, played late by Sanga, just around the corner for a single;
17.5;?;Doherty to Sangakkara, no run driven to cover;
17.4;1;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run slightly flat, guides this past point for a single;
17.3;?;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, no run flighted generously again, Mahela comes forward and defends;
17.2;?;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, no run Mahela tries the premeditated paddle, is beaten by the turn, there is an appeal for lbw, but the it is pitched just outside off, and has turned away ever so slightly;
17.1;?;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, no run tossed up, around middle and leg, defended to leg;
16.6;?;Bollinger to Sangakkara, no run short of a length, pitches close to off, seams in a touch, Sanga defends;
16.5;1;Bollinger to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run full and wide again, squeezes it out, past point;
16.4;1;Bollinger to Sangakkara, 1 run full and wide to the left-hand batsman too, and he is driven to sweeper-cover again;
16.3;1;Bollinger to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run full outside off, driven to sweeper-cover;
16.2;?;Bollinger to Mahela Jayawardene, no run Mahela on his toes, and defends this to cover;
16.2;1w;Bollinger to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 wide short of a length, pitched outside leg, Mahela gets inside the line, but misses. Called a wide;
16.1;?;Bollinger to Mahela Jayawardene, no run angling across Mahela, who pushes this to cover;
15.6;1;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run short and wide, cut away to deep point for a single;
15.5;1;Doherty to Sangakkara, 1 run shimmies down the ground, gets a single to long-on;
15.4;?;Doherty to Sangakkara, no run floater outside off, Sanga defends;
15.3;1;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run overpitched, gets an easy single to long-on;
15.2;?;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, no run more drift for Doherty, but no turn, and Mahela plays it back to him;
15.1;?;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, no run angling into Mahela, who defends it back to Doherty;
14.6;?;Johnson to Sangakkara, no run full and wide outside off, Sanga leaves this alone;
14.5;2;Johnson to Sangakkara, 2 runs full and wide, Sanga leans into the drive, gets a couple by the time sweeper-cover fields and throws;
14.4;1;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run slightly wider, and Mahela guides this to third man for one;
14.3;?;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, no run another good offcutter from Johnson. Pitches in the channel, makes him play, and then leaves him. Beaten;
14.2;1;Johnson to Sangakkara, 1 run slower ball, doesn't drop the pace by much, but Sanga punches this on the up, straight down the ground, gets a single by the time mid-on comes around;
14.1;?;Johnson to Sangakkara, no run length ball, Sanga is forward and pushes this to cover;
13.6;?;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, no run quicker and flatter, defended towards cover;
13.5;?;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, no run more drift in towards the right-hander, but yet to see any turn. Mahela defends this outside off;
13.4;?;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, no run Doherty is much better to the right-hand batsman, this drifts in again, and Mahela defends this back;
13.3;1;Doherty to Sangakkara, 1 run flat again, Sanga moves across a touch, and plays this down to long-on for a single;
13.2;?;Doherty to Sangakkara, no run this is flatter, angled across, and is pushed to cover;
13.1;1;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run the first ball drifts in nicely, but it is too full, and Mahela takes the easy single into the leg side;
12.6;?;Johnson to Sangakkara, no run full, swinging in late, Sanga pushes it firmly to mid-on;
12.5;1;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run steered to third man for a single;
12.4;?;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, no run back of a length, tucks Mahela up, who fends and keeps it down;
12.3;?;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, no run presses right forward to defend this to cover;
12.2;2;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, 2 runs closer to the stumps, too close really, and Mahela clips it off the pads for a couple;
12.1;?;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, no run floater outside off, Mahela leaves it be;
11.6;?;Lee to Sangakkara, no run slight shape away from Sanga, who is behind the line, and defends;
11.5;2;Lee to Sangakkara, 2 runs a touch too straight, clipped off the pads, past square leg;
11.4;?;Lee to Sangakkara, no run pitched on a length, angled across again, Sanga pushes forward to defend;
11.3;?;Lee to Sangakkara, no run angled across, pushed to cover;
11.2;?;Lee to Sangakkara, no run pitches middle and off, moves away slightly, Sanga is behind the line in defence;
11.1;?;Lee to Sangakkara, no run yorker outside off, Sanga digs it out;
11.1;2w;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, 2 wide slightly dozey by Haddin, this is down the leg side, but not too wide, Haddin gets both his gloves to it, but it bounces out. Holds the hand up in apology immediately;
10.6;?;Johnson to Sangakkara, no run length ball outside off, driven on the up, to mid-off;
10.5;1;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run slightly too straight, and Mahela takes a single to long leg;
10.4;?;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, no run back of a length, Mahela rides the bounce and defends this to cover;
10.3;4;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs good delivery first up, pitches on a length, middle and off, seams away a touch, takes a thick edge, but Mahela's soft hands make sure it goes straight into the ground. And also wide of slip;
10.2;W;Johnson to Upul Tharanga, OUT Johnson strikes. His red-hot form continues. Digs this one in short, outside off, Tharanga looks to sway out of the line, but doesn't quite take the gloves out of the way. The ball doesn't quite rise up, and kisses the glove on the way;Upul Tharanga c ?Haddin b Johnson 13 (49m 30b 2x4 0x6) SR: 43.33;
10.1;1;Johnson to Sangakkara, 1 run Johnson traps Sanga on the crease, hits his pad with the late movement in, but not before there is an inside edge. They sneak in the single, Ponting has a shy at the non-striker's end, but it is Sanga who hits the stumps with his dive;
9.6;?;Lee to Upul Tharanga, no run this is full and swings away, which makes it quite handy delivery, especially since it is coming from round the stumps. Tharanga is beaten on the drive;
9.5;1;Lee to Sangakkara, 1 run length ball, angling in, pushed to mid-on, and take the single to Bollinger, who is not the quickest among the Aussies;
9.4;1;Lee to Upul Tharanga, 1 run beats the cover ring this time, but there is a sweeper-cover in place;
9.3;?;Lee to Upul Tharanga, no run full, on the pads, can't beat square leg;
9.2;?;Lee to Upul Tharanga, no run fuller, closer to off, can't beat the cover ring;
9.1;?;Lee to Upul Tharanga, no run loose drive well away from the body, with no foot movement at all. Is beaten by the away movement;
8.6;?;Johnson to Sangakkara, no run closer to off, Sanga presses forward and plays this back to Johnson. Another maiden for Australia;
8.5;?;Johnson to Sangakkara, no run driven on the up again, but finds cover-point;
8.4;?;Johnson to Sangakkara, no run goes for the yorker, Sanga digs it out in front of leg;
8.3;?;Johnson to Sangakkara, no run Sanga plays away from the body, on the up, towards point. He seems to trust this pitch, which has been flat;
8.2;?;Johnson to Sangakkara, no run looks to run this down square and steal a single, but has hit it straight to point;
8.1;1lb;Johnson to Upul Tharanga, 1 leg bye this one moves into the batsman, hits Tharanga on the pads. Johnson appeals, but clearly it is going down the leg side;
7.6;?;Lee to Sangakkara, no run full and wide, Sanga tries to open the face on this one, is a touch early into the shot;
7.5;?;Lee to Sangakkara, no run length ball, angling into the stumps, pushed back to the bowler;
7.4;W;Lee to Dilshan, OUT Inswinger. Timber. Dilshan has been a touch late with the fuller deliveries, and this one is slightly shorter than the driving length, and sneaks in through the big gap between bat and pad. Middle stump is out, Lee is thrilled;Tillakaratne Dilshan b Lee 24 (35m 23b 4x4 0x6) SR: 104.34;
7.3;?;Lee to Dilshan, no run full, but swinging in, Dilshan is a touch late into the drive, finds mid-off;
7.2;1;Lee to Upul Tharanga, 1 run gets a thick edge on this drive, and a single to third man;
7.1;?;Lee to Upul Tharanga, no run bouncer outside off, Tharanga doesn't play at it;
6.6;1;Watson to Upul Tharanga, 1 run short of a length, on the pads, Tharanga finds Johnson at short fine leg, but Johnson has trouble finding the ball, and concedes a single;
6.5;1;Watson to Dilshan, 1 run opens the face on this fullish delivery, places it between point and cover-point;
6.4;1;Watson to Upul Tharanga, 1 run gets the width, steers this down to third man;
6.3;?;Watson to Upul Tharanga, no run back of a length, closer to middle now, pushed back to Watson;
6.2;4;Watson to Upul Tharanga, FOUR runs length ball on the pads, not the ball to bowl to subcontinent batsmen with the fine leg in the circle. Tharanga places this wide of the man;
6.1;1;Watson to Dilshan, 1 run length ball, on off, Dilshan opens the body up, and drives it with an open face for single to sweeper-cover;
5.6;?;Bollinger to Upul Tharanga, no run firm push from Tharanga, on the up, but can't beat mid-on. Maiden over;
5.5;?;Bollinger to Upul Tharanga, no run length ball, on the pads, pushed to mid-on;
5.4;?;Bollinger to Upul Tharanga, no run back of a length, punched to cover;
5.3;?;Bollinger to Upul Tharanga, no run swings in, actually seams in after pitching, Tharanga is hit on the pad, but this is going down the leg side;
5.2;?;Bollinger to Upul Tharanga, no run short of a length, outside off, left alone;
5.1;?;Bollinger to Upul Tharanga, no run full, Tharanga mis-hits the drive to mid-on;
4.6;1;Watson to Upul Tharanga, 1 run pushed wide of mid-on for a single;
4.5;1;Watson to Dilshan, 1 run steered to third man for a single;
4.4;?;Watson to Dilshan, no run stops at him, Dilshan plays this uppishly through short extra cover from where Hussey was just moved to his left to prevent the boundaries that Dilshan has been hitting;
4.3;?;Watson to Dilshan, no run full, into the pads, driven down the ground, finds mid-on;
4.2;4;Watson to Dilshan, FOUR runs Crack. Gentle short delivery, wide enough, and Dilshan gives it the treatment square on off side;
4.1;?;Watson to Dilshan, no run goes for the big cut immediately, this one stays low, and squeezes under the bat;
3.6;4;Bollinger to Upul Tharanga, FOUR runs nicely timed, picked the gap very well, punched firmly off the front foot, on the up, past extra cover for a boundary;
3.5;?;Bollinger to Upul Tharanga, no run slightly short, going down leg, was caught in two minds about playing at that one, looking to turn it into the leg side at first but then opted against it, struck on the pads;
3.4;1;Bollinger to Dilshan, 1 run straying on the pads, tickles it down towards fine leg for a single;
3.3;?;Bollinger to Dilshan, no run around a good length just outside off, pushed on the bounce to that short extra cover fielder;
3.2;4;Bollinger to Dilshan, FOUR runs smashed, on the up, lands on a good length and he flays it imperiously past extra cover;
3.1;?;Bollinger to Dilshan, no run short of a good length on middle, rocks back and defends it into the leg side;
2.6;?;Lee to Upul Tharanga, no run driven firmly, finds mid-off;
2.5;?;Lee to Upul Tharanga, no run pushed to cover;
2.4;1;Lee to Dilshan, 1 run placed wide of mid-on for one;
2.3;2;Lee to Dilshan, 2 runs smart work from Watson, not so smart from Lee. Dilshan has hit this powerfully, straight to Watson at short extra cover, who throws down the non-striker's stump direct. Tharanga is back in, but Lee just has a nothing flick back at Dilshan, who gets out of the way and lets the ball go for two overthrows;
2.2;4;Lee to Dilshan, FOUR runs if the last ball was persuaded, this has been forced for four. Makes room and crashes this through covers. Beats the short extra cover;
2.1;4;Lee to Dilshan, FOUR runs top shot, meets this back-of-a-length delivery with a full face, timing it well, between the bowler and mid-on;
1.6;1;Bollinger to Dilshan, 1 run a good delivery but how well has he played this? Full and swinging in, towards off and middle, he makes room and plays with an open face, guiding it to third man for one;
1.5;?;Bollinger to Dilshan, no run and he beats the edge with a short-of-a-length delivery just outside off. Dilshan played a defensive shot inside the line;
1.4;?;Bollinger to Dilshan, no run shorter, wider, left alone;
1.3;?;Bollinger to Dilshan, no run fuller, swings in a bit, Dilshan pushes it back to Bollinger. That he had to hurriedly get the front pad out of the way suggests he was not expecting swing;
1.2;?;Bollinger to Dilshan, no run extra bounce for Bollinger as Dilshan slashes at this, looking to go over point. Is beaten by the bounce;
1.1;?;Bollinger to Dilshan, no run goes after the first delivery, it's wide, way too wide for him to go at it without moving his feet;
0.6;?;Lee to Upul Tharanga, no run defended with an open face, towards point. Just the one wide off the over;
0.5;?;Lee to Upul Tharanga, no run this one swings ina bit, gets the inside edge onto the pad. A stifled appeal ensues;
0.4;?;Lee to Upul Tharanga, no run again, plays for the non-existent swing, turning his wrists on this one, gets a leading edge towards point;
0.3;?;Lee to Upul Tharanga, no run back of a length, just outside off, Tharanga pushes it to cover;
0.3;1w;Lee to Upul Tharanga, 1 wide tries the bouncer, but it is too short and too high;
0.2;?;Lee to Upul Tharanga, no run this one doesn't swing in, but Tharanga plays for it, and ends up pushing inside the line of the ball;
0.1;?;Lee to Upul Tharanga, no run gets a hint of outswing first up, Tharanga pushes this to mid-on. Fullish delivery;

Michael Clarke leads Australia out, followed closely by Shane Watson and Brad Haddin. DIlshan and Tharanga, such an effective opening combination in the subcontinent, walk out. Brett Lee will bowl the first overs. Fine leg is up, third man is back. Square leg is also back. It's a gusty day. Beautiful
14.25 Five minutes to go for the start. Waqas writes in from Austria: "@Josh I agree with you. I still can't understand this Steven Smith selection dilemma. Aaron Finch was sent back. He could have been a person to bolster the batting line up. Callum Ferguson is still overlooked."
And BC seems to be a Doherty fan. "All this talk about the quicks makes me wonder whether or not SL are underrating Doherty. He is a capable spinner and his four wickets on debut against SL was forgotten due to that amazing 9th wicket partnership in Melbourne. I wouldn't be taking him easy."
Geoff takes the selection complaining to the next level: "james hopes is better than steve smith and john hastings, how come he isn't even on tour?"
14.20 Josh has a suggestion for strengthening Australia's batting: "Steve smith should be dropped, david hussey and clarke can bowl part time, that makes way for a PROPER batsmen."
Boris: "@Gareth: Actually I disagree. Pressure is on SL to bat well after their quite miserable show first time around. I wouldn't fancy playing the likes of Johnson and Lee on a pitch with uneven bounce. 2-3 early wickets, particularly the likes of Dilshan, Sangakkara and Jayawardene, and a gettable score will be on the horizon for Australia."
Hugh: "No, I'm not surprised with the Randiv drop. Yes, he nearly got them back into the last game with his batting, but Herath is probably a better man to keep them quiet and build pressure, and he can swing a bat as well."
GK: "Maybe Smith will get a bag of wickets? Hahaha, sorry, what am i thinking?"
All the mails coming in from Australians, where are the Sri Lankan readers? Goz: "I'm not happy with Sri Lanka leaving out Randiv. Herath is more containing whilst Randiv gives it air, gives it a rip and importantly gets bounce. All of those things will be important today. Herath is doubtless to say a good bowler, but Randiv would trouble the Aussies more."
14.15 Only a small crowd in so far, its quite a journey to get to the stadium from the nearest town.
Benny: "@Gareth, Binga has to get early wickets, I would love to see that. Maybe the Doug lightning bolt will strike in Hambantota?"
The first of the mails complaining about team selection. James says: "I dont understand the selectors choice of leaving out john hastings... surely he would be a better choice than Steve Smith?"
No one wondering why Randiv has been left out yet?
14.10 Russel Arnold's pitch report: "The wicket will be slower and lower than in Pallekele and there will be uneven bounce as well." He reckons 250 should be a sufficient score to defend.
Gareth from Australia sends in the first feedback of the day: "Bad toss to lose. The Aussies are going to have to bowl like they did in the first ODI. Somehow i doubt the Johnson lightening bolt will strike the same place twice."
Toss 14.00 Sri Lanka win toss and bat. "Definitely good news that Malinga is back, he is going to enjoy bowling with this wind," says Dilshan.
Clarke says the winds remind him of Wellington. "I'm more concerned about the lights (than the pitch), they are a long way away from the pitch."
13.50 We are ten minutes away from the toss. Moody expects it to be a bat-first track. His co-commentator Roshan Abeyasinghe agrees with him, citing some cracks in the pitch. It's very windy in Hambantota.
Team news: Malinga and Herath return, Lakmal and Randiv left out. No changes for Australia.
13.45 Welcome to match two of the series between the Australia and Sri Lanka. Australia have negotiated a journey on a sea plane to get to Hambantota in Sri Lanka's deep south. This will be the first international match held here since the World Cup, for which the ground was constructed. Tom Moody says on Twitter "Hambantota is the biggest ground I have ever seen at least 200 metres screen to screen. "
 Innings Start
That's all we have for you tonight. Thanks for keeping us company on a Sunday. Do join us for the rest of the series. Okay bye
Presentation time
"Just got to start winning the toss!" says Michael Clarke. "The bowlers did a great job, great start by Watto, and obviously a fantastic innings from Ricky. The bowlers are executing their plans really well. Full credit to them. They have got great plans, and hopefully they keep executing."
"It was nice to have spent in the middle again. the game was set up by our bowlers, who kept taking the wickets," says the MoM Ricky Ponting. "Thankfully we haven't had bigger totals to chase, thanks to our bowlers and fielders. I am getting a few runs, so not being captain must be working all right. Michael Clarke is doing a fine job, and I am getting used to sit in a corner and being told what to do."
"Not a great day for us," says TM Dilshan. "We didn't get enough runs. This wicket was a 250 pitch. We have to work things out as a batting unit. Ponting and Clarke batted really well. We have to work really hard a s batsmen."
Fifth ODI win in a row for Australia, and how convincing this has been. Set up by the bowlers on a flat wicket. They were disciplined, bowled to a plan, and never let the pressure off. And it was must fun to watch Ponting back in form. Playing with certainty and freedom. I would still give the Man of the Match to one of the bowlers, though. Hang in for the presentations
38.2;4;Herath to Clarke, FOUR runs Clarke cuts this in front of square for four, removes his helmet, hugs Ponting, and the duo then starts shaking the Sri Lankans' hands;
38.1;1;Herath to Ponting, 1 run pushed wide of midwicket for one;
37.6;3;Jeevan Mendis to Ponting, 3 runs full and down the leg side, Ponting tries the paddle, seems to have made contact because it is not called wides;
37.5;?;Jeevan Mendis to Ponting, no run flighted generously, Ponting drives, but can't beat the straight extra cover;
37.4;1;Jeevan Mendis to Clarke, 1 run Clarke comes down the track, takes this on the full, and gets a single to long-off;
37.3;?;Jeevan Mendis to Clarke, no run tossed up around middle and leg, defended;
37.2;?;Jeevan Mendis to Clarke, no run chips down the track, pushes this to midwicket;
37.1;?;Jeevan Mendis to Clarke, no run short to start off, punched to extra cover;
36.6;?;Herath to Ponting, no run tossed up, driven back to the bowler;
36.5;2;Herath to Ponting, 2 runs fine paddle-sweep from Ponting, comes back for two;
36.4;1;Herath to Clarke, 1 run even at this stage, Malinga makes a diving save at backward-point to deny Australia three runs;
36.3;?;Herath to Clarke, no run another defensive shot towards midwicket;
36.2;?;Herath to Clarke, no run full, on the pads, pushed to midwicket;
36.1;1;Herath to Ponting, 1 run cut in front of square for one;
35.6;?;Kulasekara to Clarke, no run digs this yorker out;
35.5;1;Kulasekara to Ponting, 1 run full toss outside off, driven square for a single;
35.4;1;Kulasekara to Clarke, 1 run full, outside off, squeezed square, J Mendis makes a diving save at point;
35.3;4;Kulasekara to Clarke, FOUR runs short ball, Clarke feasts on it even though he has committed to the front foot. He pulls this from outside off, over midwicket;
35.2;?;Kulasekara to Clarke, no run yorker outside off, digs it out;
35.1;4;Kulasekara to Clarke, FOUR runs Shot! Clarke dances down the track, and crashes this inside-out, between mid-off and extra cover, all along the ground;
34.6;?;Herath to Ponting, no run tossed up around middle and leg, pushed to extra cover;
34.5;1;Herath to Clarke, 1 run angling into the pads, turning away, played against the turn to take a single around the corner;
34.4;1;Herath to Ponting, 1 run plays the forward-defensive with an open face, gets a single wide of point;
34.3;1;Herath to Clarke, 1 run full, on the pads, bunted into the on side for a single;
34.2;?;Herath to Clarke, no run good turn and bounce this time, from middle and leg, Clarke pushes this to cover;
34.1;1;Herath to Ponting, 1 run slightly short, Ponting punches this to sweeper-cover for a single;
33.6;1;Malinga to Ponting, 1 run full, just outside off, digs this out for a single;
33.6;1w;Malinga to Ponting, 1 wide short, Ponting gets under it, called wide. Slightly down the leg side, I think;
33.5;?;Malinga to Ponting, no run gets this yorker right, Ponting digs it out in front of off;
33.4;4;Malinga to Ponting, FOUR runs the yorker goes wrong, slightly too full, slightly too straight, and Ponting deflects it to fine leg for four;
33.3;?;Malinga to Ponting, no run length ball, driven on the up, finds mid-on;
33.2;?;Malinga to Ponting, no run late-swinging yorker, Ponting keeps this out;
33.1;1;Malinga to Clarke, 1 run full, late inswinger, clipped away uppishly, but wide of square leg;
32.6;?;Dilshan to Ponting, no run flighted delivery, pushed to midwicket;
32.5;1;Dilshan to Clarke, 1 run comes down the track to drive this to long-off for one;
32.4;?;Dilshan to Clarke, no run beautifully bowled, but dropped by Sanga. This is lightly flat, holds its line, takes a healthy edge, goes into the glove and out;
32.3;6;Dilshan to Clarke, SIX runs Captain is denying former captain a century. Jokes apart, though, this is a superb shot. Comes down the track, is close enough to the pitch of the ball, and goes inside-out over wide long-off;
32.2;1;Dilshan to Ponting, 1 run more drift for Dilshan, Ponting nudges this behind square on the off side, Gets a single to move to his best ODI score in Sri Lanka;
32.1;?;Dilshan to Ponting, no run shortish offbreak, pushed to midwicket;
31.6;1;Malinga to Ponting, 1 run low full toss on the pads, flicked square for a single;
31.5;?;Malinga to Ponting, no run and he now plays the straight drive, which is much more convincing although it doesn't beat mid-on;
31.4;4;Malinga to Ponting, FOUR runs full, swings in deliciously late, Ponting tries the cover-drive, gets an inside edge for four. Rehearses the straight drive immediately after;
31.3;1lb;Malinga to Clarke, 1 leg bye short ball, surprises Clarke, who lets it hit hie forearm;
31.2;?;Malinga to Clarke, no run full, straight, tailing in, defended;
31.1;?;Malinga to Clarke, no run full, slight swing in, gets a thick inside edge towards square leg;
30.6;1;Dilshan to Clarke, 1 run short, Clarke wants to pull, but this stays low, so he ends up punching this to deep midwicket;
30.5;?;Dilshan to Clarke, no run full, flatter, pushed to midwicket;
30.4;1lb;Dilshan to Ponting, 1 leg bye well bowled, Dilshan gets some drift away from Ponting, making him strecth, then the offbreak beats his bat, but they steal the leg-bye;
30.3;?;Dilshan to Ponting, no run Review. This is an appeal for an lbw, although it has hit Ponting on the glove. That's the kind of review when the captain thinks why not use one when there are two in store. This is an offbreak that pitched middle and off, turned big, hit the glove, and Tony Hill was never interested. Good break for Sri Lanka, that's all I can say about this review;
30.2;1;Dilshan to Clarke, 1 run another wide tossed-up delivery, driven down to long-off for one;
30.1;1;Dilshan to Ponting, 1 run tossed up outside off, dropped wide of cover for one;
29.6;1;Mendis to Ponting, 1 run another googly, but Mendis has hardly extracted any turn. Ponting works this into the on side for one;
29.5;?;Mendis to Ponting, no run googly, Ponting cuts in front of square, but finds cover;
29.4;1;Mendis to Clarke, 1 run full, straight, driven down to long-on for one;
29.3;1;Mendis to Ponting, 1 run the offbreak - and not the googly - but too short, and Ponting pulls this to deep midwicket;
29.2;2;Mendis to Ponting, 2 runs too straight, placed perfectly between fine leg and deep square, comes back for two;
29.1;?;Mendis to Ponting, no run legbreak, around middle and off, defended to midwicket;
28.6;?;Dilshan to Clarke, no run comes down the track and tickles it down to square leg, Australia are coasting here;
28.5;2;Dilshan to Clarke, 2 runs long hop, pulled away to the right of deep midwicket for a couple more to raise the 50-stand;
28.4;2;Dilshan to Clarke, 2 runs comes down the track and turns it wide of a diving midwicket who gets a hand to it and palms it off in the direction of long-on, the batsmen are alert enough to run back for the second;
28.3;?;Dilshan to Clarke, no run floats it outside off, rocks forward and defends it into the off side;
28.2;?;Dilshan to Clarke, no run slightly short on the off, gets back and plays it back to the bowler;
28.1;1;Dilshan to Ponting, 1 run shortish on the off, rocks back to punch it down the ground to long-off for a single;
27.6;1;Herath to Ponting, 1 run punched off the back foot to that deep cover fielder for one more;
27.5;1;Herath to Clarke, 1 run shortish outside off, rocks back and cracks it hard to deep cover for a single;
27.4;6;Herath to Clarke, SIX runs imperious, Clarke is stepping up, tossed up and he sensed a chance, charged down the track, got to the pitch and smashed it high and handsome over long-on;
27.3;?;Herath to Clarke, no run shortish outside off, punched wide of cover;
27.2;1;Herath to Ponting, 1 run floats it outside off, gets forward and guides it behind point;
27.1;1;Herath to Clarke, 1 run short outside off, makes room to cut it past point;
26.6;1;Mendis to Clarke, 1 run full, on the pads, bunted into the on side for one;
26.5;?;Mendis to Clarke, no run carrom ball, pitches middle, leaves him, pushed back;
26.4;4;Mendis to Clarke, FOUR runs Clarke picks the googly early, dances down the track, and lofts it over mid-on. Doing it easily now;
26.3;1;Mendis to Ponting, 1 run overpitched, placed wide of mid-on for one;
26.2;?;Mendis to Ponting, no run punched square of the wicket, can't beat point;
26.1;1;Mendis to Clarke, 1 run carrom ball, too short, pushed to long-off for one;
25.6;?;Kulasekara to Ponting, no run full, on the pads, played to one of the two short midwickets;
25.5;4;Kulasekara to Ponting, FOUR runs SHOT! Half-volley, just outside off, driven between the bowler and mid-off;
25.4;?;Kulasekara to Ponting, no run comes forward to a length ball, pushes this back to the bowler;
25.3;1;Kulasekara to Clarke, 1 run back of a length, Clarke is on the front foot, and guides this wide of mid-on for one;
25.2;?;Kulasekara to Clarke, no run the rare loose shot, Clarke throws his arms at this wide delivery, it nips in and beats the inside edge;
25.1;?;Kulasekara to Clarke, no run helped with the angle towards square leg;
24.6;1;Jeevan Mendis to Clarke, 1 run short again, hit down to long-off for one;
24.5;1;Jeevan Mendis to Ponting, 1 run short and wide, cut away for a single;
24.4;1;Jeevan Mendis to Clarke, 1 run comes down the track, places this into the on side for another single;
24.3;?;Jeevan Mendis to Clarke, no run forward-defensive;
24.2;1;Jeevan Mendis to Ponting, 1 run plays the chip, inside-out, on the bounce to wide long-off;
24.1;1;Jeevan Mendis to Clarke, 1 run driven powerfully to short extra, Dilshan is deceptively quick with the one-handed pick-up-and-throw. However, he misses the stumps, and concedes the overthrow;
23.6;1;Herath to Clarke, 1 run slightly short, Clarke is quick to rock back and cut this in front of square for one;
23.5;1;Herath to Ponting, 1 run carrom ball, no alarms for Ponting who drives it down to wide long-on for one;
23.4;2;Herath to Ponting, 2 runs too straight again, worked around the corner, with soft hands. The deep fielder has to come in to field this, and Ponting steals the second;
23.4;1w;Herath to Ponting, 1 wide tossed up outside leg, no turn;
23.3;1;Herath to Clarke, 1 run comes down the track, chips this over Herath's head for a single. Oh wait, this is a leading edge, but safe anyway;
23.2;?;Herath to Clarke, no run presses forward, then goes back to defend;
23.1;?;Herath to Clarke, no run goes deep in the crease and cuts a delivery not too short. Finds point;
22.6;1;Jeevan Mendis to Clarke, 1 run comes down the track again, takes this on the full, and drives it to long-off for one;
22.5;?;Jeevan Mendis to Clarke, no run leaves his crease to play the forward-defensive;
22.4;?;Jeevan Mendis to Clarke, no run big front foot down to smother the turn;
22.3;?;Jeevan Mendis to Clarke, no run cut away from in front of the stumps, finds point;
22.2;1;Jeevan Mendis to Ponting, 1 run another bunt into the leg side for a single;
22.1;1;Jeevan Mendis to Clarke, 1 run full, on the pads, worked away for a single;
21.6;1;Malinga to Clarke, 1 run full toss down the leg side, cramps Clarke who is backing away to make room. Hit to deep square for a single;
21.6;1nb;Malinga to Clarke, (no ball) another brave leave... this is a length ball, not too far outside off, but Clarke lets it go. Turns out, this isn't so brave. Malinga has overstepped;
21.5;?;Malinga to Clarke, no run brave leave - the reversing ball, starts outside off, not too wide, but Clarke lets it go. As it turns out, rightly, because it misses comfortably;
21.4;?;Malinga to Clarke, no run another reversing yorker, keeps it out;
21.3;?;Malinga to Clarke, no run full, swinging in, defended towards midwicket;
21.2;?;Malinga to Clarke, no run full toss, Clarke plays it watchfully;
21.2;3w;Malinga to Clarke, 3 wide big wide down the leg side, Sanga just gets a touch;
21.1;?;Malinga to Clarke, no run;
20.6;?;Herath to Ponting, no run hit uppishly towards extra cover, it falls short of a diving Dilshan. It probably stopped a touch at Ponting. Oh replays show it did in fact carry, Dilshan got a hand to it, but couldn't hold on. Mind you, he had to dive low to his right;
20.5;1;Herath to Clarke, 1 run too full, too straight, placed wide of mid-on for one;
20.4;?;Herath to Clarke, no run slightly short, plays this late and off the back foot, finds point, though;
20.3;2;Herath to Clarke, 2 runs nicely played by Clarke, who is forward almost instinctively and whips this wide of mid-on;
20.2;1;Herath to Ponting, 1 run that's fifty for Ponting. Good to see him back in form. Turns this off the pad. No reception from the crowd;
20.1;?;Herath to Ponting, no run full, just outside off, pushed to extra cover;
19.6;?;Malinga to Clarke, no run late inswing again, Clarke's bat comes down threateningly late. Keeps it out;
19.5;W;Malinga to Watson, OUT the bat-pad gap is created this time! Clatter behind Watson. Noise in the stands again. This is full and straight, starts around off, tails in late, Watson looks for a drive down the ground, but is beaten by the swing. Middle and leg stumps are disturbed;Shane Watson b Malinga 43 (87m 51b 4x4 1x6) SR: 84.31;
19.4;?;Malinga to Watson, no run full toss on the pads, Watson misses out because of the late swing;
19.3;1;Malinga to Ponting, 1 run that is more like Ponting, this is full and on the pads, and he plays the pick-up shot for one;
19.2;4;Malinga to Ponting, FOUR runs the first uncertain shot from Ponting tonight. Not a slower ball, but stops a touch, Ponting is lunging forward, but is early into the shot, and ends up chipping it right of short midwicket;
19.1;1;Malinga to Watson, 1 run full, straight, tailing in late, pushed down the ground, mid-on is deep;
18.6;?;Mendis to Ponting, no run stays in the crease to defend this;
18.5;?;Mendis to Ponting, no run cut away, but can't beat point;
18.4;?;Mendis to Ponting, no run well forward to defend it to mid-on;
18.3;?;Mendis to Ponting, no run carrom ball, not much turn, defended to cover;
18.2;1;Mendis to Watson, 1 run cut away to deep point for a single;
18.1;1;Mendis to Ponting, 1 run carrom ball, pushed towards sweeper-cover for one;
17.6;1;Malinga to Ponting, 1 run slower ball, into the pads, worked past short midwicket;
17.5;2;Malinga to Ponting, 2 runs full on the pads, clipped away for a couple, wide of deep square;
17.4;1;Malinga to Watson, 1 run almost squeezes through, Watson is driving but it swings late and takes the inside edge towards fine leg. Watson reaches 1000 runs for the year. Trott at 933 is placed next;
17.4;2w;Malinga to Ponting, 2 wide wide down the leg side, swings late, Sanga dives and saves the boundary;
17.3;?;Malinga to Ponting, no run slightly shorter, Ponting is well forward and defends;
17.2;?;Malinga to Ponting, no run definite late swing for Malinga, Ponting drives, gets a bit of an inside edge towards square leg;
17.1;1;Malinga to Watson, 1 run swings in late - not sure if it was reverse - Watson gets a leg-bye;
16.6;1;Mendis to Watson, 1 run short and asking to be pulled. Watson obliges, gets a single;
16.5;1;Mendis to Ponting, 1 run full toss on the pads, gets a single to deep midwicket;
16.4;?;Mendis to Ponting, no run carrom ball, middle and off, defended back;
16.3;2;Mendis to Ponting, 2 runs full on the pads, worked away for a single;
16.2;1;Mendis to Watson, 1 run tossed up outside off, driven down to long-off for one;
16.1;?;Mendis to Watson, no run googly, middle and leg, Watson defends;
15.6;1;Herath to Watson, 1 run Watson is having his way with the bowlers now, makes room and smashes this perfectly decent delivery. Extra cover puts in a dive to keep them to one;
15.5;1;Herath to Ponting, 1 run pushed wide of mid-on for one;
15.4;?;Herath to Ponting, no run another forward-defensive from Watson;
15.3;?;Herath to Ponting, no run another carrom ball, Ponting is well forward and outside the line of off;
15.2;1;Herath to Watson, 1 run the carrom ball, comes in towards Watson's pad, who punches it down t long-off for one;
15.1;?;Herath to Watson, no run flighted delivery, goes with the arm, hits Watson on the pad, but is clearly headed down the leg side;
14.6;1;Mendis to Watson, 1 run slightly short, Watson rocks back early, gets a single just wide of extra cover;
14.5;?;Mendis to Watson, no run length ball, pushed back to the bowler;
14.4;1;Mendis to Ponting, 1 run this legbreak is too short, Ponting punches this on the up, gets a single to long-off;
14.3;?;Mendis to Ponting, no run the googly now, just outside off, doesn't turn much, defended;
14.2;?;Mendis to Ponting, no run Ponting well forward to defend this;
14.1;?;Mendis to Ponting, no run carrom ball, pitches middle and off, breaks away, gets a thick edge towards cover;
13.6;?;Herath to Watson, no run a comprehensive forward-defensive to end the over;
13.5;6;Herath to Watson, SIX runs whoa. What a pull. Decimating Herath here. Again only slightly short, but Watson picks the length early, and pulls this over midwicket. Hits the ice box just outside the rope;
13.4;4;Herath to Watson, FOUR runs now Watson manufactures the cutting length. This is slightly short, but flat, and Watson plays the late-cut, beats backward point, and the outfield is blazing quick;
13.3;4;Herath to Watson, FOUR runs too fast, too straight, and Watson glances this fine for four;
13.2;3;Herath to Ponting, 3 runs Ponting is looking as good as I have seen him in recent times, this is only slightly short, and he is back early and cuts this in front of square;
13.1;1;Herath to Watson, 1 run just a mere push down the ground, but it is a firm shot, and gets him a single;
12.6;1;Mendis to Watson, 1 run overpitched, Watson drives down the ground, gets a single to long-on;
12.5;1;Mendis to Ponting, 1 run gentle full toss, Ponting pulls it to deep square for one;
12.4;?;Mendis to Ponting, no run starts straighter, tries the googly, but this doesn't turn, Ponting defends around the front pad;
12.3;?;Mendis to Ponting, no run legbreak again, too full, driven to cover;
12.2;?;Mendis to Ponting, no run another carrom ball, just outside off, leaving him, pushed to cover;
12.1;?;Mendis to Ponting, no run starts off with a carrom ball, Ponting comes forward and pushes it back;
11.6;1;Herath to Ponting, 1 run full on the pads, helped away for one;
11.5;?;Herath to Ponting, no run another forward-defensive from Ponting;
11.4;?;Herath to Ponting, no run this is tossed up outside off, Ponting lunges forward and defends;
11.3;?;Herath to Ponting, no run defended around the front pad;
11.2;1;Herath to Watson, 1 run Watson seemed to have made up his mind he was going to clear the front leg and go for a big one. This is the in-between length, so can neither pull nor slog-sweep. Gets the single to long-on;
11.1;1;Herath to Ponting, 1 run Ponting takes this from middle, bunts it into the on side for one;
10.6;2;Angelo Mathews to Watson, 2 runs slow, short, wide, cut wide of deep cover for two;
10.5;?;Angelo Mathews to Watson, no run slow again, pushed to midwicket;
10.4;4;Angelo Mathews to Watson, FOUR runs this is slow, short, asking to be hit. Watson obliges with the pull;
10.3;?;Angelo Mathews to Watson, no run punched on the up, can't beat mid-off;
10.2;?;Angelo Mathews to Watson, no run Mathews is operating only in slower balls, this is the offcutter, stops at Watson, comes back uppishly, but well wide of Mathews;
10.1;?;Angelo Mathews to Watson, no run looks to run this down, but can't beat the short third man;
9.6;1;Kulasekara to Watson, 1 run driven on the up, wide of mid-off, gets a single;
9.5;?;Kulasekara to Watson, no run back of a length, not much room, Watson punches it down the ground, to mid-off;
9.4;3;Kulasekara to Ponting, 3 runs slower ball again, but angling into the pads, and Ponting has used whatever pace there is it guide it past short fine leg;
9.3;?;Kulasekara to Ponting, no run Ponting is on the front foot to defend this short-of-a-length delivery;
9.2;?;Kulasekara to Ponting, no run slower legcutter, cut away, but can't beat cover-point;
9.1;?;Kulasekara to Ponting, no run length ball, pushed back to the bowler;
8.6;1;Angelo Mathews to Ponting, 1 run angling into the pads, worked away to deep midwicket for one;
8.5;1;Angelo Mathews to Watson, 1 run slow and short again, stays low too, Watson pulls nonetheless, on the bounce to deep midwicket;
8.4;4;Angelo Mathews to Watson, FOUR runs Watson's first four, and what a shot. This is slightly quicker, and short, so Watson goes for the full-blooded cut, and the ball flies across the outfield;
8.3;?;Angelo Mathews to Watson, no run slow and short again, looks to turn this to leg, but is early into the shot;
8.2;?;Angelo Mathews to Watson, no run slow and shortish, runs it fine, but can't beat short third man. Didn't have any pace to work with here;
8.1;?;Angelo Mathews to Watson, no run slow, short, takes an age to come on, Watson pulls it to midwicket;
7.6;?;Kulasekara to Ponting, no run length ball, Ponting is well forward again, and pushes this to mid-off;
7.5;?;Kulasekara to Ponting, no run gets the big front foot in again and pushes this to cover;
7.4;6;Kulasekara to Ponting, SIX runs well we saw the lunge-and-push for four, and even though Kuley is not sharp, he has pulled out the dismissive pull. This is cannon fodder actually. A long hop, gentle pace, and Ponting pulls it over midwicket;
7.3;?;Kulasekara to Ponting, no run slightly short, slightly wide again, Ponting plays with an open face, finds cover-point;
7.2;?;Kulasekara to Ponting, no run slightly shorter, slightly wider, Ponting looks to run this down. Is beaten;
7.1;?;Kulasekara to Ponting, no run back of a length, swings in, Ponting is solid in defence;
6.6;1;Angelo Mathews to Ponting, 1 run slower ball, too short, worked into the on side for a single;
6.5;4;Angelo Mathews to Ponting, FOUR runs Ponting looks in superb touch. Another forward lunge, another push, square on the off side, beats cover-point. Silence in the stands;
6.4;?;Angelo Mathews to Ponting, no run slower ball, jumps at him a bit, Ponting takes the bottom hand off to keep it down;
6.3;?;Angelo Mathews to Ponting, no run Watson needs to calm down a touch with these singles. Again pushed straight to mid-on, and Watson is scampering back into the crease. Although here Ponting called him, and sent him back;
6.2;?;Angelo Mathews to Ponting, no run short of a length, middle and leg, pushed to midwicket;
6.1;1;Angelo Mathews to Watson, 1 run starts off with a slow (not slower, because this is his first ball) ball, Watson pushes to mid-off and takes a risky single. Makes up for it with a desperate dive in the end;
5.6;4;Kulasekara to Ponting, FOUR runs the fielder in the deep has lost that completely, there was a fielder placed at deep square leg for that flick but he just didn't see it, straying on the pads and Ponting clips that elegantly past the square-leg umpire and the fielder positioned there in the deep, Tharanga, completely messed it up, didn't see it at all;
5.5;?;Kulasekara to Ponting, no run nipped back in, landed on a good length outside off and came back to beat Ponting through the gate, struck Sanga hard on the knee;
5.4;1;Kulasekara to Watson, 1 run bowls it full on the off, driven down towards long-on for a single;
5.3;?;Kulasekara to Watson, no run in the channel outside off, gets a stride out and defends it to point;
5.2;2;Kulasekara to Watson, 2 runs goodish length on middle, mid-on has been pushed back, Watson crunches that firmly down the ground to steal a couple, long-on was a little wide and he made it back comfortably;
5.1;?;Kulasekara to Watson, no run angling in towards middle, gets a stride out and defends it past the bowler towards mid-on;
4.6;4;Malinga to Ponting, FOUR runs another slower ball, Ponting steps forward, delays the shot a touch, and then caresses this through covers. It's a five-string ring, but he has found the gap. Malinga can't believe it;
4.5;?;Malinga to Ponting, no run another slower ball, Ponting guides it to point;
4.4;?;Malinga to Ponting, no run slower one on the pads, clipped to midwicket, along the ground;
4.3;?;Malinga to Ponting, no run short outside off, but Ponting is already forward and cannot cut this, Guides this to point;
4.2;?;Malinga to Ponting, no run slower one, Ponting comes forward, delays the defensive shot a touch;
4.1;2;Malinga to Ponting, 2 runs length ball on the pads, Ponting plays the pick-up shot, not in the air for too long, Kulasekara has to make a big chase to his left, running from deep backward square. Puts one dive in, looks like he has deflected it towards the boundary, and then puts in another effort even when sliding. Saves two runs;
3.6;?;Kulasekara to Watson, no run driven on the up, a good-looking shot, but can't beat extra cover;
3.5;?;Kulasekara to Watson, no run cut away powerfully, can't beat point;
3.4;?;Kulasekara to Watson, no run big inswinger, hits Watson who is well forward on the pad, a big shout ensues, but this was bouncing over, possibly hit him outside the line, and an inside edge can't be ruled out either;
3.3;?;Kulasekara to Watson, no run Watson is half-forward in defending this short-of-a-length delivery;
3.2;?;Kulasekara to Watson, no run slightly short of a length, Watson plays with an open face, towards point;
3.1;?;Kulasekara to Watson, no run swinging in, back of a length, turned to midwicket;
2.6;4;Malinga to Ponting, FOUR runs The Ponting push for four! Always good to see. Slightly more so now, for I have not seen this in a while. Lunges forward, the arms extend, the bat meets ball, no violence, but the ball follows orders, beating cover;
2.5;?;Malinga to Ponting, no run bouncer, Ponting is already forward, and then semi-ducks to avoid it;
2.4;?;Malinga to Ponting, no run slightly fuller, a slightly more certain forward lunge, pushes this to cover again;
2.3;?;Malinga to Ponting, no run length ball outside off, Ponting is forward, defends this to short extra cover;
2.2;?;Malinga to Ponting, no run length ball, on middle and leg, Ponting is half-forward, and defends;
2.1;1;Malinga to Watson, 1 run ow full toss on the pads, pushed wide of mid-on for one;
1.6;W;Kulasekara to Haddin, OUT Sanga has taken a special catch standing up! Haddin attempts another big drive on the ump, this one doesn't swing as much as he expects it to, takes the outside edge, and straight into Sanga's gloves. Not a big deflection, but still a superb catch when you are standing up to a quick. There was a puff of dust when the ball pitched;Brad Haddin c ?Sangakkara b Kulasekara 7 (9m 7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
1.5;?;Kulasekara to Haddin, no run back of a length, stands tall, and defends this to Kula;
1.4;4;Kulasekara to Haddin, FOUR runs loose shot... Haddin opens the front leg up, goes for a big booming cover drive, gets an inside edge, which goes past Herath at mid-on. Not a great fielding effort. Herath ran in angles, didn't dive either;
1.3;2;Kulasekara to Haddin, 2 runs stays deep in the crease, waits for this to swing, then closes the face late, gets two runs wide of deep backward square;
1.2;?;Kulasekara to Haddin, no run back of a length, moves in from well outside off, punched on the up again, to mid-off;
1.1;?;Kulasekara to Haddin, no run big inswinger as usual, Haddin punches on the up, can't beat mid-on;
0.6;?;Malinga to Watson, no run slower ball yorker, it looked like it would be a full toss, but dipped mid-flight, and Watson has does really well to keep this out;
0.5;?;Malinga to Watson, no run full and straight, Watson plays straight too, towards mid-on;
0.4;1;Malinga to Haddin, 1 run nicely guided by Haddin, past point for a single;
0.4;2w;Malinga to Watson, 2 wide wide down the leg side, Sanga has to put in a dive to prevent the boundary;
0.3;?;Malinga to Watson, no run full and straight, Watson punches on the front foot, Malinga fields it overhead, the crowd lets out a roar;
0.2;?;Malinga to Watson, no run length ball, swinging away, pushed to cover. On the front foot to defend that;
0.1;?;Malinga to Watson, no run full and straight, Watson plays for the swing, it doesn't swing that much, and takes the inside edge onto the pad;
0.1;1w;Malinga to Watson, 1 wide starts off with a wide down the leg side;

Back. Watson to face Malinga. One slip and a short extra cover in place
 Innings Start
Sri Lanka
Australia
2nd ODI (D/N), Hambantota, Aug 14 2011, Australia tour of Sri Lanka
208
211/2
Player of the match is Ricky Ponting, AUS
Australia won by 8 wickets (with 70 balls remaining)
