Data
2:34pm Here is Australia's new opening pair - Joe Burns and Matt Renshaw. Vernon Philander their first challenge on return. Three slips, a gully and short leg in.
Superb effort from South Africa to push towards 500 from 299/6. The fast bowlers were frustrated and Lyon was treated with disdain. This allowed Bavuma to dig in and he's left Australia with a mountain to climb in the first innings, forget the five runs he didn't make. Quality innings nonetheless. South Africa will have a crack at two comeback men Renshaw and Burns early in the final session. That's tea
136.5;W;Cummins to Morkel, OUT Oh, dear. Anticlimax! Temba can't get a century. You have to feel for him as he looks up and walks off. This was a shortish delivery angling in from around the stumps, it's the uncomfortable length for Morne who fends with an angled bat, superbly taken diving across to the right at second slip. That's five wickets for Cummins. He'll be on a hat-trick when he comes out to bowl in the second innings;Morne Morkel c Handscomb b Cummins 0 (2m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
136.4;W;Cummins to Maharaj, OUT oh, dear. Maharaj can give you a lot of nerves especially if he's batting with a partner in the 90s. This is a wide slash outside off, can't get any control and gets a big nick to the keeper. He's done his job though, excellent knock.;Keshav Maharaj c ?Paine b Cummins 45 (65m 51b 4x4 2x6) SR: 88.23;
136.3;1;Cummins to Bavuma, 1 run disconcerting bounce as Cummins bowls an effort ball, Temba is caught in a tangle as he looks to fend. Lucky this didn't pop up into the hands of midwicket. Bavuma wanted the second but Maharaj wasn't keen.;
136.2;1;Cummins to Maharaj, 1 run driven hard, the half-stop at cover is deflected towards mid-off;
136.1;?;Cummins to Maharaj, no run floats this a touch ahead of length on off stump, defended towards the covers;
135.6;4;Lyon to Bavuma, FOUR runs plays a delightful reverse paddle this time. Gutsy from a batsman approaching a century. Played this from outside off, rolled his wrists nicely to keep it down. Temba's father can't contain his excitement. The nightmare continues for Lyon;
135.5;1;Lyon to Maharaj, 1 run turns this length ball with the spin to short fine for a quick single;
135.4;2;Lyon to Maharaj, 2 runs;
135.3;6;Lyon to Maharaj, SIX runs clobbered deep into the stands at deep square leg. This was at best a length ball outside off, not much turn and Maharaj swung this away. Into the grass banks. Free swing of the arms. Levels his career-best score;
135.2;?;Lyon to Maharaj, no run fired full on the stumps, turned towards midwicket;
135.1;4;Lyon to Maharaj, FOUR runs steps out and plays a delighted bottom-handed whip that beats wide long-on. Right out of the top drawer;
134.6;1;Marsh to Maharaj, 1 run short ball at the ribs, swatted to deep square leg;
134.5;?;Marsh to Maharaj, no run good length on middle stump, blocked on the front foot;
134.4;?;Marsh to Maharaj, no run short and wide outside off, slashes hard at this but can't make connection;
134.3;2;Marsh to Maharaj, 2 runs full on the pads again and this time he nudges it between midwicket and mid-on;
134.2;2;Marsh to Maharaj, 2 runs overpitched on leg stump, leans into it and tucks it neatly in front of deep square;
134.1;1;Marsh to Bavuma, 1 run good length on middle stump, on his toes quickly to whip this to deep square;
43.6;1;Lyon to Markram, 1 run length on leg stump, steps out and flicks it to deep backward square;
43.5;?;Lyon to Markram, no run short of a length and pushed through flat at a middle stump line. He's forced to dead-bat it after shaping to punch through cover;
43.4;?;Lyon to Markram, no run good length on leg stump. Defended to short leg from the crease;
43.3;1;Lyon to Amla, 1 run back of a length at middle stump, backs into the leg side and nudges this through cover off the back foot;
43.2;?;Lyon to Amla, no run length on middle stump, steps out out and drives back at the bowler;
43.1;?;Lyon to Amla, no run good length on middle stump, blocked on the front foot;
42.6;1;Hazlewood to Amla, 1 run good length outside off, squirms off the thick outside edge as he defends on the front foot;
42.5;?;Hazlewood to Amla, no run good length and in at off stump. Blocked on the front foot;
42.4;1;Hazlewood to Markram, 1 run good length on middle stump, brings the bat down late on this. Gets it to deep square off the inside edge;
42.3;?;Hazlewood to Markram, no run full on middle stump. Leans in and flicks straight to midwicket;
42.2;?;Hazlewood to Markram, no run full on middle stump, flicked straight to midwicket;
42.1;?;Hazlewood to Markram, no run good length on off stump, defended off the back foot;
133.6;3;Lyon to Bavuma, 3 runs looks to flay this through point but ends up getting a thick outside edge that beats short third man. Stops just before the boundary, they scamper back for the third. That brings up the half-century stand as well;
133.5;1;Lyon to Maharaj, 1 run nice roll of the wrists as he works this to deep square leg;
133.4;?;Lyon to Maharaj, no run sharp turn from middle, tickled towards fine leg;
133.3;?;Lyon to Maharaj, no run sharp turn back in from outside off, beats the tickle, well taken down leg;
133.2;1;Lyon to Bavuma, 1 run turns this down to long-on;
133.1;?;Lyon to Bavuma, no run full and flat on the stumps, defended back;
132.6;1;Marsh to Bavuma, 1 run helps this short ball down to fine leg for an easy single;
132.5;?;Marsh to Bavuma, no run full and just outside off, Bavuma lunges forward and drives to cover;
132.4;?;Marsh to Bavuma, no run hit on the right thigh as he looks to whip this behind square.;
132.3;?;Marsh to Bavuma, no run right behind the line of this length ball as he defends;
132.2;?;Marsh to Bavuma, no run gets a good stride forward and defends this full delivery into the off side;
132.1;?;Marsh to Bavuma, no run shapes to defend but bails out in the end;
41.6;1;Lyon to Markram, 1 run lots of flight on middle and leg, 85 kph, driven away with the turn to long-on for a run.;
41.5;?;Lyon to Markram, no run and again, quick on middle and leg, nudged to short leg;
41.4;?;Lyon to Markram, no run well bowled, shortens the length on leg, forces a good defensive stroke from Markram;
41.3;?;Lyon to Markram, no run slow on middle and off, spin, played to midwicket;
41.2;?;Lyon to Markram, no run on the pads, quick, nudged away into the leg side;
41.1;2;Lyon to Markram, 2 runs lovely use of the feet, runs down, meets the flight early, converts to a full toss and slices the drive through cover for two;
40.6;?;Hazlewood to Amla, no run overpitched outside off, inviting the drive but Amla says not yet with a leave;
40.5;1;Hazlewood to Markram, 1 run too straight, worked away down to fine leg, 137 kph.;
40.4;4;Hazlewood to Markram, FOUR runs nailed that! Goes short does Hazlewood, Markram reads the length quickly, sways on the pull and finds the gap through backward square leg with ease.;
40.3;2;Hazlewood to Markram, 2 runs full and straight, 142 kph, was waiting for that, worked away through backward square leg for a couple;
40.2;?;Hazlewood to Markram, no run goes fuller, 143 kph, around off, blocked;
40.1;?;Hazlewood to Markram, no run excellent bowling, using the width of the crease very well. Good length, the ball pitches and seams away, leaving Markram flirting, beats the outside edge.;
39.6;?;Lyon to Amla, no run 83 kph, nice, tidy line and Amla is behind to block;
39.5;?;Lyon to Amla, no run too quick, short and fast, nudged into Handscomb's body at short leg, the spot vacated by Bancroft;
39.4;1;Lyon to Markram, 1 run on the pads, he waits and works the ball to deep midwicket for one;
39.3;?;Lyon to Markram, no run shortish around off, 93 kph, Markram is right behind the line.;
39.2;?;Lyon to Markram, no run slow outside off, some drift, off the outside half towards point;
39.1;?;Lyon to Markram, no run some flight around off, 88 kph, driven back to the bowler;
38.6;?;Hazlewood to Amla, no run wide of the crease, full and wide outside off, left alone;
38.5;?;Hazlewood to Amla, no run digs this in but too short, tennis-ball bouncer over Amla;
38.4;?;Hazlewood to Amla, no run 138 kph, Markram sends Amla back, rightly! Back of a length on middle and leg, nudged towards short leg. Amla takes a few steps forward, then is sent back as the bowler is quick on it.;
38.3;?;Hazlewood to Amla, no run back of a length outside off, extra bounce, 139 kph, Amla is right on top of the bounce to defend;
38.2;?;Hazlewood to Amla, no run good length outside off, 142 kph, left alone. This is a probing spell from Hazlewood, to Amla.;
38.1;?;Hazlewood to Amla, no run good length on off, Hazlewood goes wide of the crease, Amla looks to work the ball through square leg, the ball holds its line. Defended;
37.6;1;Sayers to Amla, 1 run 125 kph, full on middle and leg, worked through wide mid-on for a single.;
37.5;?;Sayers to Amla, no run full outside off, 126 kph, no movement on this occasion. No stroke.;
37.4;?;Sayers to Amla, no run too straight, 124 kph, full on middle and leg, worked to midwicket;
37.3;?;Sayers to Amla, no run full on middle and leg, 125 kph, pushed to mid-on;
37.2;?;Sayers to Amla, no run good length outside off, 125 kph, the ball moves away ever so slightly, the kind of ball that will get a good batsman out if he goes chasing. Left alone.;
37.1;1;Sayers to Markram, 1 run on a length, on the pads, worked away through backward square leg;
36.6;2;Hazlewood to Amla, 2 runs 137 kph, a naughty misfield from mid-on. Full and straight, drilled through mid-on, the fielder dives over the ball. Renshaw has to go chasing from mid-off;
36.5;4;Hazlewood to Amla, FOUR runs picks the length early, he knows SA are on top, so he rolls his wrists and attacks. Pulled from top to bottom and racing away through square leg;
36.4;?;Hazlewood to Amla, no run a good length delivery outside off, 136 kph, left alone easily.;
36.3;1;Hazlewood to Markram, 1 run another good single from Markram. Good length outside off, pushed away towards cover. Mid-off is quick on the ball, but can't prevent one.;
36.2;?;Hazlewood to Markram, no run back of a length outside off, the ball moving away, 141 kph, defended to mid-off;
36.1;4;Hazlewood to Markram, FOUR runs that has flown past gully! 137 kph, short and wide outside off, Markram goes cutting and the ball flies over the fielder.;
35.6;?;Sayers to Amla, no run good length outside off, left alone;
35.5;?;Sayers to Amla, no run full outside off, driven down the pitch off the toe-end;
35.4;1;Sayers to Markram, 1 run good length at off stump, nudged through point with soft hands;
35.3;?;Sayers to Markram, no run full outside off. Leans into drive and gets a thick inside edge to midwicket;
35.2;?;Sayers to Markram, no run good length on off stump, blocked on the front foot;
35.1;2;Sayers to Markram, 2 runs good length on leg stump. Shuffles and flicks to fine leg's right;
34.6;?;Cummins to Amla, no run reverse swing from outside off. Angles in but it's too far wide for a shot;
34.5;?;Cummins to Amla, no run short of a length outside off, punched to mid-off off the back foot;
34.4;1lb;Cummins to Markram, 1 leg bye good length at leg stump, deflected into the square leg region off the pad;
34.3;1;Cummins to Amla, 1 run length and into the pads. Poked wide of mid-on;
34.2;?;Cummins to Amla, no run short of a length outside off, left alone;
34.1;1;Cummins to Markram, 1 run clips this to square leg;
33.6;?;Sayers to Amla, no run good length outside off, left alone;
33.5;?;Sayers to Amla, no run bouncer, in position to hook but he leaves as this rises up at the last moment;
33.4;?;Sayers to Amla, no run good length at middle stump, tapped to midwicket on the up;
33.3;?;Sayers to Amla, no run overpitched outside off and he's through the cover drive early. It dribbles to mid-on off the inside half;
33.2;?;Sayers to Amla, no run full outside off, punched back at the bowler from the crease;
33.1;1;Sayers to Markram, 1 run good length outside off, leans in and tickles it to fine leg;
32.6;?;Cummins to Amla, no run good length at off stump, defended on the front foot;
32.5;?;Cummins to Amla, no run good length at off stump, defended on the up;
32.4;?;Cummins to Amla, no run outside edge falls short of second slip. Shape away from the surface again as he looks to defend at an off stump line. He's playing close to the body with soft hands, so he's safe;
32.3;1;Cummins to Markram, 1 run short of a length at off stump, nudged in front of mid-on with soft hands;
32.2;?;Cummins to Markram, no run bouncer at leg stump, ducks under it;
32.1;?;Cummins to Markram, no run good length outside off, left alone;
31.6;?;Sayers to Amla, no run good length on middle stump, tapped to mid-on on the rise;
31.5;?;Sayers to Amla, no run full outside off, driven straight to short extra cover;
31.4;?;Sayers to Amla, no run good length with some shape away, left alone;
31.3;1;Sayers to Markram, 1 run full outside off. Looks to punch it on the up and gets a thick inside edge to fine leg;
31.2;4;Sayers to Markram, FOUR runs short of a length outside off and with his mid-120s pace, that's too easy for Markram. Punches it well in front of square, through extra cover, from the back foot;
31.1;?;Sayers to Markram, no run good length outside off, left alone;
30.6;?;Cummins to Amla, no run good length at off stump, inside edge onto pad on the forward defence;
30.5;4b;Cummins to Amla, 4 byes bouncer dug in too short again and this time even Paine can't get to it. Sails over him;
30.4;?;Cummins to Amla, no run short ball is too short. He ducks under it comfortably. No comfort for the new captain who leaps high to his left and feels that sting the fingers;
30.3;?;Cummins to Amla, no run good length at off stump, defended off the back foot;
30.2;?;Cummins to Amla, no run good length on off stump, defended off the back foot;
30.1;4;Cummins to Amla, FOUR runs out-of-control slice as he jabs without moving his feet. Full outside off and he's looking to go on the up through cover. Late shape away on that ball;
29.6;?;Sayers to Markram, no run brushes the front pad as he looks to leave this. That ball slants back in off the pitch but hasn't done enough to be given lbw. Australia won't review;
29.5;?;Sayers to Markram, no run good length in the channel, blocked on the front foot.;
29.4;?;Sayers to Markram, no run beaten. Full ball just outside off and he defends inside the line of this as it nips away;
29.3;?;Sayers to Markram, no run good length and straightening in the corridor outside off. Off the outside edge to gully;
29.2;?;Sayers to Markram, no run good length at off stump, defended on the back foot;
29.1;2;Sayers to Markram, 2 runs good length on off stump, hangs back in the crease and clips this through square leg;
28.6;?;Cummins to Amla, no run good length on leg stump, nudged to mid-on on the up;
28.5;?;Cummins to Amla, no run good length and in at off stump. Defended on the front foot;
28.4;?;Cummins to Amla, no run short ball at middle stump, ducks under it;
28.3;?;Cummins to Amla, no run good length on leg stump, defended on the front foot off the inside half;
28.2;?;Cummins to Amla, no run yorker on leg stump. Jammed into the midwicket region;
28.1;?;Cummins to Amla, no run good length outswinger outside off, left alone;
27.6;?;Sayers to Markram, no run good length and wide outside off. Left alone;
27.5;?;Sayers to Markram, no run full and some wobble at an off stump line. Gets the front leg across off stump and pushes it into the leg side;
27.4;4;Sayers to Markram, FOUR runs fifty in true Markram style. Stands tall against the length ball and offers the full face to bisect Amla and the stumps at the other end;
27.3;?;Sayers to Markram, no run good length outside off, defended on the front foot;
27.2;?;Sayers to Markram, no run back of a length just outside off, punched to mid-on off the back foot;
27.1;?;Sayers to Markram, no run good length just outside off, tapped to midwicket on the up;
26.6;1;Marsh to Markram, 1 run short and wide outside off and this is hammered off the back foot. Straight to sweeper;
26.5;1;Marsh to Amla, 1 run inside edge as Amla nearly gets trapped in front of the stumps. Pushes forward at this length ball and it comes back in a touch;
26.4;1;Marsh to Markram, 1 run short of a length outside off, punched to sweeper cover off the back foot;
26.3;?;Marsh to Markram, no run full on middle stump and it's a well-timed punch to mid-on's right. He gets down quickly and stops it;
26.2;?;Marsh to Markram, no run good length outside off, with movement away off the pitch. Left alone;
26.1;1;Marsh to Amla, 1 run short of a length at off stump, gets on his toes and drops this into the leg side with soft hands;
25.6;1;Sayers to Amla, 1 run good length on leg stump, flicked to fine leg;
25.5;?;Sayers to Amla, no run good length outside off and this dies after going past Amla;
25.4;?;Sayers to Amla, no run good length and just outside off. Looks to lean in to a drive, but this trickles through to mid-off;
25.3;?;Sayers to Amla, no run good length just outside off, left alone;
25.2;1;Sayers to Markram, 1 run short of a length on the pads and he stands tall to whip this fine on the up;
25.1;?;Sayers to Markram, no run good length and just outside off, defended on the front foot;
24.6;?;Hazlewood to Amla, no run good length and just outside off, defended on the front foot;
24.5;?;Hazlewood to Amla, no run short ball at the ribs, gets out of the way and allows it to go past leg stump;
24.4;?;Hazlewood to Amla, no run good length and just outside off. Left alone;
24.3;?;Hazlewood to Amla, no run short of a length at middle stump, defended off the back foot;
24.2;?;Hazlewood to Amla, no run good length, in at off stump. Defended back down the pitch;
24.1;1;Hazlewood to Markram, 1 run good length outside off, blocked solidly on the front foot;
23.6;?;Sayers to Amla, no run good length at off stump, defended into the leg side;
23.5;?;Sayers to Amla, no run good length and in the corridor. Dead-batted off the back foot;
23.4;?;Sayers to Amla, no run 129kph, length and just outside off. Left alone;
23.3;4;Sayers to Amla, FOUR runs short of a length wide outside off, punched through the covers off the back foot. Simple as you like.;
23.2;?;Sayers to Amla, no run good length just outside off, defended on the front foot;
23.1;?;Sayers to Amla, no run short of a length at off stump, defended off the back foot;
22.6;?;Hazlewood to Markram, no run good length outswinger wide outside off, left alone;
22.5;?;Hazlewood to Markram, no run good length outside off, defended on the front foot with soft hands;
22.4;?;Hazlewood to Markram, no run beaten as he looks to defend this outside off. That spits at him from a length and Paine gathers it high;
22.3;?;Hazlewood to Markram, no run good length outside off, left alone;
22.2;?;Hazlewood to Markram, no run short of a length outside off, dropped into the off side with soft hands;
22.1;3;Hazlewood to Amla, 3 runs full and some swig outside off. Leans into this, not necessarily a front foot stride, as he caresses it wide of mid-off. Cummins gives chase and whips it back in emphatically to save a run;
21.6;?;Lyon to Markram, no run length outside off, blocked on the front foot;
21.5;?;Lyon to Markram, no run short of a length and ripping in at middle stump. Jams it into the pitch, between his legs, off the back foot;
21.4;6;Lyon to Markram, SIX runs oh yes! Wow. What a treat this guy is. Skips down the track to meet his length ball. He isn't to the pitch but his stride has the turn covered and he stands tall as he launches with the turn, a full face of the bat, and a high elbow over long-on;
21.3;?;Lyon to Markram, no run short of a length and in at leg stump, dead-batted towards short fine leg;
21.2;?;Lyon to Markram, no run short of a length on middle stump, defended off the back foot;
21.1;1;Lyon to Amla, 1 run full on middle stump, driven with the turn to mid-on;
20.6;1;Hazlewood to Amla, 1 run good length at leg stump, nudged to fine leg off the inside half;
20.5;?;Hazlewood to Amla, no run full and wobbling away in the corridor, left alone;
20.4;?;Hazlewood to Amla, no run yorker just outside off, jammed back down the pitch;
20.3;?;Hazlewood to Amla, no run good length, hint of shape away outside off. Left alone;
20.2;?;Hazlewood to Amla, no run length and just outside off, left alone;
20.1;?;Hazlewood to Amla, no run good length and big away swing wide outside off. Left alone;
19.6;4;Lyon to Markram, FOUR runs shot. Makes sure to get to the pitch of this outside off because he's in big trouble with that gap between bat and pad otherwise. Drills it against the turn and wide of mid-off;
19.5;?;Lyon to Markram, no run good length and outside off, solidly blocked on the front foot;
19.4;1;Lyon to Amla, 1 run short of a length and spun in at leg stump. Nudged through square leg off the back foot;
19.3;1;Lyon to Markram, 1 run full on middle stump, driven back down the pitch. Lyon parries it wide of mid-on with a dive;
19.2;?;Lyon to Markram, no run short of a length and in at middle stump, defended off the back foot;
19.1;?;Lyon to Markram, no run short of a length on leg stump, dabbed in front of short leg off the back foot;
18.6;?;Cummins to Amla, no run good stop from gully! Full outside off, moving away. Amla plays tentatively, a thick outside edge dies down towards gully, who dives to his left.;
18.5;?;Cummins to Amla, no run tentative Amla. Just outside off, 137 kph, outside off. Amla withdraws the bat as he is looking to leave, the ball hits that bat towards slip;
18.4;1;Cummins to Markram, 1 run excellent line, 139 kph, on off, a thick inside edge to deep square leg;
18.3;1lb;Cummins to Amla, 1 leg bye swing! Inswing! 134 kph, on middle and leg, the ball moves back in, Amla is beaten for movement, the ball pings the pad en route to fine leg. An optimistic appeal from Cummins.;
18.2;1;Cummins to Markram, 1 run 137 kph, overpitched on middle and leg, driven through mid-on. The fielder dives to his left and stops the ball.;
18.1;?;Cummins to Markram, no run on middle and leg, 136 kph, pushed towards mid-on;
17.6;W;Lyon to Elgar, OUT and Australia have their first strike! Lyon gets Elgar again! Elgar comes charging down, looking to work the ball away through mid-on, but like in the previous over, the ball spins, takes the leading edge and lobs towards Sayers. He had initially misjudged the ball, but reacted well, went back and took an overhead catch.;Dean Elgar c Sayers b Lyon 19 (79m 47b 2x4 0x6) SR: 40.42;
17.5;?;Lyon to Elgar, no run beauty! Lots of turn, slow through the air, the ball dips, drifts and then rips past the outside edge;
17.4;?;Lyon to Elgar, no run 92 kph, on middle and leg, smothered back;
17.3;1;Lyon to Markram, 1 run goes shorter, Markram goes right back and pushes to a deep mid-on. Markram reacts late, but well, calling Elgar through for one;
17.2;?;Lyon to Markram, no run on off, the ball spinning in, 93 kph, worked away to short fine leg;
17.1;1;Lyon to Elgar, 1 run slow on middle and leg, 91 kph, worked away against the spin through midwicket;
16.6;3;Cummins to Elgar, 3 runs chipped away past mid-off for three! A full delivery outside off, Elgar may have bunted that, making contact too early but there's three runs. SA have fifty without loss.;
16.5;?;Cummins to Elgar, no run back of a length on off, 139 kph, the ball seams back in. Hits the inside half towards square leg;
16.4;1;Cummins to Markram, 1 run picks the length very early, a short one from Cummins. Markram stands tall and pulls to deep square leg for a run;
16.3;?;Cummins to Markram, no run beauty! 136 kph, good length outside off, the ball seams away just a touch and beat the bat!;
16.2;?;Cummins to Markram, no run back of a length around off, 136 kph, some seam movement back in, defended back up the pitch;
16.1;?;Cummins to Markram, no run nice line, full around off, 139 kph, a thick outside edge dies down, towards gully.;
15.6;?;Lyon to Elgar, no run nice end, slower around off, 89 kph, played quietly towards third man;
15.5;4;Lyon to Elgar, FOUR runs 88 kph, very full around off, Elgar comes forward and drives through mid-on. No man there. Excellent on-drive, very good timing too.;
15.4;?;Lyon to Elgar, no run flatter trajectory delivery outside off, defended;
15.3;2;Lyon to Elgar, 2 runs just over extra cover! That's a bad shot, lots of flight around off, Elgar looks to heave that away over midwicket, against the spin, but the ball spins, takes the outside half and lobs over the fielder, lucky!;
15.2;?;Lyon to Elgar, no run slightly leg side-ish, on leg, bunted away towards midwicket. A yes and a no from Elgar.;
15.1;1;Lyon to Markram, 1 run slow outside off, 81 kph, some turn immediately. A thick inside edge down to fine leg;
14.6;?;Cummins to Elgar, no run ooh, excellent delivery. Back of a length, the ball seams away early and keeps leaving Elagr, who also chooses to leave.;
14.5;1;Cummins to Markram, 1 run good single. This one swings back in, the one Cummins was setting up Markram for, on middle and leg, pushed to mid-on and he calls well;
14.4;?;Cummins to Markram, no run goes full again, a few stumps outside off, 139 kph, left alone;
14.3;?;Cummins to Markram, no run a full, wide delivery outside off, left alone;
14.2;4;Cummins to Markram, FOUR runs a tad short, a tad wide. and Markram nails the square cut behind point. Was waiting for a touch of width and Makram just times the ball, perfectly.;
14.1;?;Cummins to Markram, no run back of a length outside off, defended to point. 136, nice technique, letting the ball come to him;
13.6;?;Sayers to Elgar, no run good leave to end the over. Full and wide outside off, the ball pitches and moves away but Elgar's happy to let this one go and survive the first hour;
13.5;?;Sayers to Elgar, no run may have been the slower ball, 132 kph, full and wide outside off. Elgar reaches out and pushes the ball towards mid-off;
13.4;1;Sayers to Markram, 1 run back of a length, 128 kph, the ball takes the outside half of the bat towards backward point;
13.3;?;Sayers to Markram, no run back of a length outside off, 129 kph, nicely behind the line this time to punch towards point;
13.2;?;Sayers to Markram, no run beauty! It's the other one, 130 kph, full outside off, drawing Markram forward. This one pitches and moves away to beat the bat. No chance for Markram;
13.1;?;Sayers to Markram, no run sticks with that full length, the ball pitches and seams back in, 131 kph. Takes Markram's inside edge, hits him on the body;
12.6;1;Cummins to Markram, 1 run good length on leg stump, clipped off the pads to fine leg;
12.5;?;Cummins to Markram, no run short ball lifting in at the thigh. Gets jammed between bat and body as he looks to flick;
12.4;?;Cummins to Markram, no run full outside off, blocked solidly on the front foot;
12.3;?;Cummins to Markram, no run good length on middle stump, defended off the back foot;
12.2;?;Cummins to Markram, no run short of a length in the corridor, defended off the back foot;
12.1;?;Cummins to Markram, no run good length and just outside off, left alone;
11.6;?;Sayers to Elgar, no run 130kph, length outside off and cuts away sharply. Elgar leaves;
11.5;?;Sayers to Elgar, no run good length and wide outside off. Left alone;
11.4;?;Sayers to Elgar, no run short of a length and wide outside off. Left alone;
11.3;?;Sayers to Elgar, no run good length and just outside off. Left alone;
11.2;?;Sayers to Elgar, no run good length outside off, nips off the seam and goes away. Left alone;
11.1;?;Sayers to Elgar, no run short and wide outside off, left alone;
10.6;?;Cummins to Markram, no run full and shaping away outside off. Leans in and defends to point;
10.5;2;Cummins to Markram, 2 runs full outside off, leans in and taps this wide of mid-off;
10.4;?;Cummins to Markram, no run good length outswinger, wide outside off. Left alone;
10.3;?;Cummins to Markram, no run short of a length in the corridor, defended off the back foot;
10.2;?;Cummins to Markram, no run nice line. Marginally outside off on a good length and wobbling. Comes in but he leaves it alone;
10.1;1;Cummins to Elgar, 1 run short of a length on the pads, stabbed to fine leg with the angle;
9.6;?;Sayers to Markram, no run full and swinging away outside off, left alone;
9.5;?;Sayers to Markram, no run good length outside off, poked into the covers on the front foot;
9.4;?;Sayers to Markram, no run 135kph, good length and some late swing away outside off. Defended on the front foot;
9.3;?;Sayers to Markram, no run good length just outside off, left alone;
9.2;?;Sayers to Markram, no run short of a length just outside off, some shape away and left alone;
9.1;2;Sayers to Markram, 2 runs full and into the pads. Flicked to fine leg's left and confidently back for the second;
8.6;2lb;Hazlewood to Elgar, 2 leg byes short and into the ribs. Climbs on top of the bounce and deflects this in front of fine leg off his thigh;
8.5;?;Hazlewood to Elgar, no run short of a length at off stump, defended off the back foot;
8.4;?;Hazlewood to Elgar, no run good length and wide outside off. Feet rooted to the crease as he reaches out with hard hands and nearly falls over. It trickles to mid-on;
8.3;?;Hazlewood to Elgar, no run good length and swung in at middle stump. Stabbed towards short leg from the crease;
8.2;?;Hazlewood to Elgar, no run short of a length in the corridor, defended solidly on the back foot;
8.1;?;Hazlewood to Elgar, no run full and just outside off. Leans in and drives to mid-off's left. Can't beat his slide;
7.6;4;Sayers to Markram, FOUR runs drops a tad short outside off and Markram is onto the back foot quickly. Punches regally through the covers;
7.5;?;Sayers to Markram, no run 127kph, good length and just outside off. Defended on the front foot;
7.4;?;Sayers to Markram, no run good length and just outside off, left alone;
7.3;?;Sayers to Markram, no run short of a length in the corridor, defended off the back foot;
7.2;?;Sayers to Markram, no run 132kph, overpitched outswinger wide outside off, left alone;
7.1;?;Sayers to Markram, no run full and wobbling outside off. Loose hands again and this forward defence ends up at midwicket;
6.6;?;Hazlewood to Elgar, no run short of a length and moving away outside off, left alone;
6.5;1;Hazlewood to Markram, 1 run full outside off, dropped wide of mid-off with soft hands;
6.4;?;Hazlewood to Markram, no run good length with late movement away from off stump. Defended to point off the front foot;
6.3;?;Hazlewood to Markram, no run good length just outside off, defended on the front foot;
6.2;?;Hazlewood to Markram, no run short of a length just outside off, defended to point off the back foot;
6.1;?;Hazlewood to Markram, no run good length on middle stump, pushed to midwicket on the up;
5.6;?;Sayers to Elgar, no run full on leg stump, pushed back to the bowler off the front foot;
5.5;?;Sayers to Elgar, no run overpitched on leg stump, flicked straight to midwicket;
5.4;1;Sayers to Markram, 1 run chipped past mid-on as this stops on him. It's a length ball down leg and he's early into the flick;
5.3;4;Sayers to Markram, FOUR runs glory. That's what you get when Markram nails the front foot stride. 133kph outswinger outside off and he's leaned into it for an expansive drive through the covers. What balance;
5.2;1;Sayers to Elgar, 1 run 130kph, good length on leg stump, tapped past midwicket from the back foot;
5.1;?;Sayers to Elgar, no run good length and slanted across off stump, left alone;
4.6;?;Hazlewood to Markram, no run cuts through the defences. This jumps in from a length and beats him on the inside edge;
4.5;?;Hazlewood to Markram, no run full and just outside off. A watchful half-drive to mid-off;
4.4;?;Hazlewood to Markram, no run good length and swung away from off stump. Defended on the front foot;
4.3;?;Hazlewood to Markram, no run beauty. Classic Hazlewood. Belts this in at a length on off stump and nips it away marginally past the outside edge;
4.2;?;Hazlewood to Markram, no run short ball in the corridor, drops the wrists and sways away from this;
4.1;?;Hazlewood to Markram, no run full and shaping away from a fifth stump line. Left alone;
3.6;?;Sayers to Elgar, no run short of a length and wide outside off, left alone;
3.5;?;Sayers to Elgar, no run 131kph, full on off stump. Tapped to mid-off with an open face;
3.4;?;Sayers to Elgar, no run 126kph, good length with a hint of swing in at the pads. Nudged to midwicket on the up;
3.3;?;Sayers to Elgar, no run full and wide outside off, left alone;
3.2;?;Sayers to Elgar, no run beats the outside edge. Another one straightens past the outside edge as Elgar looks to block on the angle in;
3.1;?;Sayers to Elgar, no run short of a length and wide outside off, left alone;
2.6;4;Hazlewood to Markram, FOUR runs full outside off. Plants the front leg forward and reaches out at this. The bat turns in his hands so he's not fully in control, but this trickles past midwicket into the boundary;
2.5;?;Hazlewood to Markram, no run outside edge as he gets this to shape away in the corridor. Markram defends close to his body and this lands well in front of gully;
2.4;4;Hazlewood to Markram, FOUR runs short of a length outside off, allows it to come on and calmly dabs this through point with full balance and soft hands;
2.3;?;Hazlewood to Markram, no run good length on off stump, nudged into the covers on the up;
2.2;?;Hazlewood to Markram, no run 135kph, good length, swinging away outside off. Left alone;
2.1;?;Hazlewood to Markram, no run good length and shaping away outside off. Left alone;
1.6;?;Sayers to Elgar, no run short of a length in the corridor, climbs up in the corridor. Defended into the turf off the thick outside edge. Gully leaps to his right to save it;
1.5;?;Sayers to Elgar, no run full and marginal movement in at off stump. Sliced to point on the full;
1.4;?;Sayers to Elgar, no run in the box and now Elgar's innings has officially begun. This holds its line after shaping in and climbs past the outside edge as he fends at it;
1.3;?;Sayers to Elgar, no run short ball across off stump, left alone;
1.2;2;Sayers to Elgar, 2 runs swing, late and in at leg stump. Closely watched by Elgar and neatly tucked through square leg;
1.1;?;Sayers to Elgar, no run short of a length outside off, lifts across Elgar who leaves it alone;
0.6;?;Hazlewood to Markram, no run full and a hint of shape away at an off stump line. Gets on the front foot and taps this to mid-on;
0.5;?;Hazlewood to Markram, no run good length outside off, left alone on the front foot;
0.4;?;Hazlewood to Markram, no run a good length and just outside off. There's that climb again. Left alone;
0.3;1;Hazlewood to Elgar, 1 run full on leg stump, still no hint of movement in the air. He allows it to come on and tickles it towards fine leg;
0.2;?;Hazlewood to Elgar, no run short of a length at off stump, lifts up steeply and he's forced to arch into the leg side to allow this to pass;
0.1;4;Hazlewood to Elgar, FOUR runs an Elgar boundary to start us off. Deep in the crease, on his toes and a watchful nudge to fine leg as this length ball lifts up at his hips;

9:58am Tim Paine addresses his first huddle as full-time captain. What a moment it is for him.
9:52am A sweet moment now as South Africa get their team photo done for Morne Morkel's last Test. He's walking out with his son for the national anthems.
9:46am Cricket Australia have released a statement that 'Mitchell Starc has a 'tibial bone stress in his right leg'. He will miss the IPL too. He will return home after the Test for further investigation and assessment.
9.45am While we wait for the start, here's what Faf had to say about Steven Smith.
9.30am Tim Paine and Faf du Plessis have a chat. South Africa have won the toss and will bat
Faf du Plessis: "A little bit browner, cracks starting to appear. By the fourth innings, it will be up and down. I haven't been the pitch expert in the last while. We're expecting more turn than you would get here normally. We've been pumped since we lost the first Test in Durban. No changes."
Tim Paine: "We would have liked to bat too, a bit of grass on top. Chadd Sayers can extract a bit more from most wickets. Joe Burns., Matt Renshaw to open, Peter Handscomb at 4, Sayers for Starc. A difficult week, we've focused internally. Spoken about looking after each other, we're privileged to play a Test for Australia."
9.28am The toss in a little bit. Australia have a completely revamped team, with a new captain. Confirmation in just a little bit. Considering Australia's mindset, I'd be looking to get them batting early on.
9.15am We can't quite forget all that has gone on over the last six days, the most eventful week of the year, maybe decade. This will be Darren Lehmann's last Test as Australia coach and Morne Morkel's last as a South Africa player.
Avadhesh Agrawa: "Can I dare to say that considering the mental strain, if Aus somehow manage to win this one, it will be biggest upset of the century.." That may be exaggerated, but certainly one of Australia's best in their history.
Simon: "Excited to get back to some actual cricket again. This whole debacle has been emotionally draining for everyone and taken too much talent from the game. Time to move on."
Hari Haran: "I hope Australia compete in this test match. The result is immaterial . I have a fear that they might just implode during the crunch moments."
It's as good a time as any to plug this for you:"Kindness called for with South Africa on the cusp of history". Who is ready for cricket to take centre stage?
9.00 am Hello, morning and some breaking news to begin the first day of the final Test in Johannesburg: Chadd Sayers has been presented his baggy green by Adam Voges, so Australia will have a debutant in their XI. We aren't sure whom he has replaced in the XI yet.
 Innings Start
1:15pm Hazlewood to start. Three slips and a gully.
Joe Yates: "..and that's where this game no longer resembles Kolkata 2001." Dev: "Is it the team that's about to bat that decides the roller ? If so then why wouldn't anyone choose the heavy roller?" --- Yes. A heavy roller could sometimes cause the soil to break up in dry conditions, for one... James: "If I was Faf I would look to bat again and get a 500+ lead then give Australia 30 minutes or so before lunch tomorrow. " Iain Climie: "Paine deserves considerable credit for making those runs; he's been chucked in the deep end with a concrete life jacket this week. " sankar4787: "Oh what a catch that was!!! Reminiscent of a certain Van Persie of the dutch..." Kunal: "That's the most breathtaking act Dean Elgar has ever done on a cricket field. No scratching about on that one. What a catch!!!" Raza: "Being one bowler short South Africa cannot enforce follow on .. they have to bat again and give some target to Aussies."
1:05pm That's Elgar's 50th Test catch, Firdose tells me. He's the fourth-fastest South African to that mark. Whew. He's run straight off the field after taking it, so that should solve the follow-on mystery; South Africa unlikely to enforce it. Yep, they've opted for the heavy roller. A 267-run lead for South Africa. They were on the field longer than they would have liked today, and they have a wounded Morkel on the field. Hard to think of the follow-on under these circumstances. And Australia have Tim Paine and Pat Cummins to thank. What a gritty partnership between the two, with half-centuries to boot. Have they kept Australia in with a slim chance of something resembling a respectable result?
69.6;W;Rabada to Paine, OUT get out of here Dean Elgar! What a catch! Sensational. Sprints back some ten yards from mid-off, keeps the ball in his sight while looking over his shoulder, and then puts in a full-length dive after following the swerve to his right. Unbelievable stuff. Paine stepped out and looks to slap this over midwicket. It was a short ball and he ended up slicing it. Elgar had so much to do there and he did it all perfectly. Just stunning.;Tim Paine c Elgar b Rabada 62 (161m 96b 7x4 2x6) SR: 64.58;
69.5;4;Rabada to Paine, FOUR runs short of a length ball at leg stump, tickled fine. Too simple;
69.4;2;Rabada to Paine, 2 runs good length outside off, turned into the square leg region with soft hands. Tactically placed to allow a second as deep square sprints in;
69.3;?;Rabada to Paine, no run struck in front but that's probably going over. Length ball slanting in at middle stump and he can't get the flick away;
69.2;?;Rabada to Paine, no run full outswinger outside off, left alone;
69.1;?;Rabada to Paine, no run good length outside off, left alone;
68.6;?;Maharaj to Hazlewood, no run beaten outside off. This is a slider from Maharaj, pushed through flat on a length outside off and he can't defend it;
68.5;1;Maharaj to Paine, 1 run tossed up at off stump, driven calmly to long-off;
68.4;6;Maharaj to Paine, SIX runs bye bye! A monster hit from Paine to bring up a valiant fifty in his first Test as full-time captain. Tossed up on middle stump, he sets himself up by getting the front leg out of the way and clobbers this way over the midwicket boundary;
68.3;1;Maharaj to Hazlewood, 1 run length on middle stump, pushed towards long-on off the front foot;
68.2;?;Maharaj to Hazlewood, no run inside edge zips past short leg. Plenty of extra bounce on that as he pushes forward to defend this length ball on middle stump;
68.1;?;Maharaj to Hazlewood, no run good length on off stump, defended on the front foot;
67.6;?;Rabada to Paine, no run late outswinger and he allows it to pass in the corridor;
67.5;?;Rabada to Paine, no run past the outside edge as he pushes ahead to set himself up for a field maneuvering. Brings the bat down late as this swings away in the corridor;
67.4;?;Rabada to Paine, no run length ball down leg side, can't get bat on the flick;
67.3;?;Rabada to Paine, no run length outside off, left alone;
67.2;?;Rabada to Paine, no run good length outside off, left alone;
67.1;?;Rabada to Paine, no run superb shot, but he won't take the run. Short ball at off stump and he gets in position so quickly to play the hook and find deep square;
66.6;W;Maharaj to Sayers, OUT got him at backward point. Another easy catch offered, gratefully taken. Short ball wide outside off, but with a hint of extra bounce on this pitch. Means Sayers gets a thick outside edge as he looks to cut. Amla doesn't have to move. Takes it comfortably;Chadd Sayers c Amla b Maharaj 0 (5m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
66.5;?;Maharaj to Sayers, no run good length outside off, left alone;
66.4;?;Maharaj to Sayers, no run good length at off stump, defended on the front foot;
66.3;1;Maharaj to Paine, 1 run short and wide outside off, chopped to sweeper cover;
66.2;?;Maharaj to Paine, no run length on off stump, tapped to extra cover where Faf gets cheers for stopping it;
66.1;?;Maharaj to Paine, no run dropped. Faf du Plessis puts down a simple one at short extra. It's a subdued drive from Paine who continues to be allergic to a big forward stride against Maharaj. Playing a long way in front of the body for the cover drive and it's at a nice, comfortable height - thigh high - and he just can't hold on;
65.6;?;Rabada to Sayers, no run zips past the inside edge as he looks to defend this with no feet movement. It climbs over the stumps. Climbed from a length at an off stump line;
65.5;W;Rabada to Lyon, OUT chipped to mid-off. Simple cricket. Rabada tells Lyon to try and do it again - floats it up full outside off. Lyon says alright and takes him on. Finds Elgar with a feeble lob;Nathan Lyon c Elgar b Rabada 8 (13m 18b 2x4 0x6) SR: 44.44;
65.4;?;Rabada to Lyon, no run good length on middle stump, tapped to mid-on on the rise;
65.3;4;Rabada to Lyon, FOUR runs chips it over extra cover and it runs away from Bavuma. Another full ball outside off and he lifts it neatly, and deliberately, with a half-stride;
65.2;?;Rabada to Lyon, no run full outside off, driven to mid-off off the toe-end of the bat;
65.1;1;Rabada to Paine, 1 run short ball down leg side, ramped towards Morkel at fine leg who gets an awkward bounce but stops it;
64.6;?;Maharaj to Lyon, no run looped up on off and he keeps it out on the front foot;
64.5;?;Maharaj to Lyon, no run slider on middle and leg, defended;
64.4;?;Maharaj to Lyon, no run pitched up on off, blocked off the front foot;
64.3;?;Maharaj to Lyon, no run full on middle and leg, turns it away into the leg side;
64.2;?;Maharaj to Lyon, no run;
64.1;1;Maharaj to Paine, 1 run loops up a full toss on leg, and it's been driven to mid-on where guess who's back? Big Morne Morkel moves across and slides to stop it;
63.6;4;Rabada to Lyon, FOUR runs a loose shot, wildly slashes outside off, but fortunately for him, it evades a leaping gully fielder and runs away for four;
63.5;?;Rabada to Lyon, no run nips away late as he keeps his bat hanging outside off and drops short of gully after taking the outside edge;
63.4;?;Rabada to Lyon, no run short of good length, shuffles across towards off and keeps it out on the leg side;
63.3;?;Rabada to Lyon, no run length ball on middle and leg, blocked to mid-on;
63.2;1;Rabada to Paine, 1 run short, sees some width and Paine opens up for a slash to third man;
63.1;?;Rabada to Paine, no run short of good length, angles in towards Paine's off-stump but he is so confident of where his off-stump is that he lets it go despite how close it was;
62.6;?;Maharaj to Lyon, no run makes room and punches from perilously close to off-stump, point intercepts it;
62.5;?;Maharaj to Lyon, no run gets the front foot forward and lets it go as it spins past the off-stump from a length;
62.4;?;Maharaj to Lyon, no run full on middle, defended down the pitch;
62.3;?;Maharaj to Lyon, no run short of a length, shifts back and punches from front of off-stump;
62.2;?;Maharaj to Lyon, no run full and accurate on middle, blocked off the front foot;
62.1;W;Maharaj to Cummins, OUT is that gone? Gould says not out and du Plessis almost instantly reviews. A loopy slider on leg stump, and Cummins gets down for a paddle. The ball lobs towards the backward short leg region where it's caught by slip moving across. He's actually not got any glove or bat on it, so it comes down to the lbw now. Pitches in line and hits him in front of middle. But the bounce may mean height could save him here. We wait for ball-tracking. Hitting middle of middle and off. Big partnership broken, and the Wanderers crowd finds its voice again. Big partnership broken, but remember that Australia aren't even close to avoiding follow-on yet;Pat Cummins lbw b Maharaj 50 (127m 92b 6x4 1x6) SR: 54.34;
61.6;?;Rabada to Paine, no run full, leaves him outside off, but the late movement means he drills it back to the bowler off the inside of the bat;
61.5;3;Rabada to Cummins, 3 runs shot, caresses it along the ground and beats mid-on to his left. Philander chases it down, and it brings up the Australia's best partnership of the series. And it's Cummins' maiden Test fifty;
61.4;?;Rabada to Cummins, no run slight movement outside off again and he lets it go;
61.3;?;Rabada to Cummins, no run short, wide, and straightish, left alone;
61.2;?;Rabada to Cummins, no run good length, straightening in the channel outside off, shoulders arms;
61.1;?;Rabada to Cummins, no run steams in and fires a pacy length ball that leaves him outside off and Cummins offer no stroke;
60.6;?;Maharaj to Paine, no run;
60.5;?;Maharaj to Paine, no run in the air and safe. Paine tries to clip a fuller one and it lobs in the air before landing in front of square leg running in;
60.4;?;Maharaj to Paine, no run front-foot defense into the off side;
60.3;1;Maharaj to Cummins, 1 run full and looped up on leg, Cummins hammers it one-bounce to mid-on who moves across and dives to his right to stop it;
60.2;1;Maharaj to Paine, 1 run full and slid into middle, Paine clips to midwicket and pushes off for a really quick single;
60.1;?;Maharaj to Paine, no run looped up on off, blocked off the front foot;
59.6;?;Philander to Cummins, no run fullish on middle, punched to mid-off;
59.5;?;Philander to Cummins, no run leaves him prodigiously off a fullish length and Cummins offers no stroke;
59.4;?;Philander to Cummins, no run good length on middle and leg, blocked;
59.3;1;Philander to Paine, 1 run straightens around the middle-stump channel to find the outside of his bat and trickle away to cover;
59.2;?;Philander to Paine, no run fullish on middle and leg, turns it away to the on side;
59.1;4;Philander to Paine, FOUR runs short of a length, leaves him slightly and he punches off the backfoot to sweeper cover;
58.6;6;Maharaj to Cummins, SIX runs that's been smacked. Maharaj loops one up outside off, and with the ball turning away, it gives plenty of room for Cummins to free his arms and mow it over long-on;
58.5;?;Maharaj to Cummins, no run full and tossed up on leg, pushed out to mid-on;
58.4;4;Maharaj to Cummins, FOUR runs gets down for a wild slog, and though he hasn't found the middle of the bat, the hard swipe is still enough for the ball to trickle off the inside of the blade all the way to the midwicket boundary;
58.3;4;Maharaj to Cummins, FOUR runs short of a length, shuffles across, stands tall and punches firmly past the cover fielder. Beats him diving to his right;
58.2;1;Maharaj to Paine, 1 run pitched up around middle, drive towards mid-on;
58.1;?;Maharaj to Paine, no run length ball, draws him forward and gets it to spin past the outside edge;
57.6;?;Philander to Cummins, no run full, away-swinger around the fifth-stump channel, leans into a drive to mid-off;
57.5;1;Philander to Paine, 1 run back of a length, tucked off the hips to square leg;
57.4;?;Philander to Paine, no run length ball, slight movement away from the batsman and left alone;
57.3;?;Philander to Paine, no run fullish length, sharp swing outside the off-stump and left alone;
57.2;?;Philander to Paine, no run length ball that holds its line outside off, left alone;
57.1;?;Philander to Paine, no run drift and swing, pretty sharp outside off, not bothered with;
56.6;1;Maharaj to Paine, 1 run crunches a sweep, bang off the middle, but wallops it straight to the man at deep square leg;
56.5;?;Maharaj to Paine, no run drawn forward by the loop and beaten by the drift and turn outside off;
56.4;?;Maharaj to Paine, no run stays dangerously back to a length ball and clumsily brings the bat down to defend into the leg side;
56.3;1;Maharaj to Cummins, 1 run full and sliding on the pads, clipped through midwicket;
56.2;?;Maharaj to Cummins, no run slides in a length ball on middle and off and gets it to rip past the outside edge with sharp turn;
56.1;1;Maharaj to Paine, 1 run looped up outside off, driven to deep point;
55.6;?;Markram to Cummins, no run short of a length, flattish, shuffles across and blocks off the outside of the bat as it comes on with the arm;
55.5;?;Markram to Cummins, no run full on middle and off, blocked off the front foot;
55.4;?;Markram to Cummins, no run length ball, straightens on middle, pushes back and keeps it out;
55.3;?;Markram to Cummins, no run slides across a fuller one on middle from around the wicket and Cummins blocks off the front foot;
55.2;?;Morkel to Cummins, no run back of a length stops on him a little as it climbs on and he fends it away awkwardly into the off side;
55.1;?;Morkel to Cummins, no run short of a length, bounces over off as he shoulders arms;
54.6;3;Maharaj to Cummins, 3 runs inside edge squeezes through from between QDK's legs. This is floated up outside off and he has a wild swing across the line at it;
54.5;?;Maharaj to Cummins, no run good length on off stump, defended on the front foot;
54.4;?;Maharaj to Cummins, no run full outside off, inside edge onto boot as he looks to drive through the off side;
54.3;?;Maharaj to Cummins, no run good length at off stump, defended into the covers;
54.2;?;Maharaj to Cummins, no run good length and sliding in at middle stump. Defended into the leg side;
54.1;1;Maharaj to Paine, 1 run good length at off stump, leans in and drives to sweeper cover;
53.6;?;Morkel to Cummins, no run beats him. Length ball lifts off the pitch and past his outside edge as he backs into the leg side to defned;
53.5;?;Morkel to Cummins, no run very short, very wide, very ambitious swipe. Beaten;
53.4;?;Morkel to Cummins, no run short ball outside off. Shuffles outside and has a jab at it away from the body. Beaten;
53.3;?;Morkel to Cummins, no run good length and wide outside off, left alone;
53.2;1;Morkel to Paine, 1 run short and wide outside off, hammered to deep point off the back foot;
53.1;?;Morkel to Paine, no run raps him on the glove, same hand as his injury. This climbs into the corridor from short of a length and cramps him on the cut. Lands short of the keeper;
52.6;?;Maharaj to Cummins, no run short of a length and spins too far away outside off to get the edge. Beats him on the back foot;
52.5;1;Maharaj to Paine, 1 run full on off stump, driven to mid-off's left;
52.4;?;Maharaj to Paine, no run stunning delivery. Loop and dip. Paine's not getting close to that with his stride. It turns and bounces past the outside edge;
52.3;?;Maharaj to Paine, no run full on off stump, tapped back to the owler;
52.2;?;Maharaj to Paine, no run full on off stump, pushed down the pitch;
52.1;?;Maharaj to Paine, no run good length on off stump, draws him in and he walks into the forward defence;
51.6;?;Morkel to Cummins, no run good length on leg stump, defended off the back foot;
51.5;4;Morkel to Cummins, FOUR runs and again. Short and wide. Reaches out and lifts this cut over the cover region. In control this time;
51.4;?;Morkel to Cummins, no run good length on off stump, defended on the back foot;
51.3;4;Morkel to Cummins, FOUR runs swipes and gets it over gully. Morkel's struggled all innings for consistency. Short and very wide. Cummins reaches out and practically throws his bat at this to get it off the thick outside edge;
51.2;2;Morkel to Cummins, 2 runs short outside off and finally manages to get bat. A straighter bat may be why. Punches it wide of mid-off;
51.1;?;Morkel to Cummins, no run short ball wide outside off, looks to cut and misses;
50.6;4;Maharaj to Paine, FOUR runs superb shot. It's an arm ball skidding into the corridor from a short length but he does expertly to get deep in the crease and get this late cut past backward point;
50.5;?;Maharaj to Paine, no run full on off stump, tapped into the covers;
50.4;?;Maharaj to Paine, no run length on off, defended on the front foot;
50.3;1;Maharaj to Cummins, 1 run leading edge as he turns the face too early at this. Not to the pitch of it at middle stump and it rolls past short third;
50.2;1lb;Maharaj to Paine, 1 leg bye oh how's that missed? It's a full ball on middle, he shuffles and is in a bad position to play the reverse shot that he's brought out. It sneaks through from behind his legs and somehow manages to miss the stumps. Gets the back pad and rolls in front of short fine who in the middle of all this hits the stumps with a diving throw. But Cummins has made it;
50.1;?;Maharaj to Paine, no run good length at off stump and once again, he pokes well in front of the body on the forward defence and nearly falls over;
49.6;?;Morkel to Cummins, no run good length on off stump, a late forward stride to defend to mid-off;
49.5;?;Morkel to Cummins, no run short and wide again, but he won't look for the same shot - or any other shot - this time;
49.4;?;Morkel to Cummins, no run short ball wide outside off. Swipes at it for the upper cut and is beaten;
49.3;?;Morkel to Cummins, no run inside edge onto pad as he looks to defend another short ball. This one doesn't rise as much at an off stump line;
49.2;?;Morkel to Cummins, no run short ball at middle stump, thuds him on the back thigh guard as he looks to defend on the back foot;
49.1;?;Morkel to Cummins, no run short ball at the chest, arches into the leg side and allows it to pass;
48.6;6;Maharaj to Paine, SIX runs and why not?! Shuffles across decisively, gets down quickly as this is pushed flat, and swats it flat over the square leg boundary with a sweep;
48.5;?;Maharaj to Paine, no run good length outside off, watchfully pushed to point;
48.4;?;Maharaj to Paine, no run good length on off stump, defended on the front foot;
48.3;?;Maharaj to Paine, no run good length and dipping down at off stump. Draws him forward and spins past the outside edge;
48.2;?;Maharaj to Paine, no run full on off stump, driven straight to extra cover;
48.1;2;Maharaj to Paine, 2 runs length ball on middle stump, gets down and is in full control as he paddles this uppishly to long leg's right;
47.6;?;Rabada to Cummins, no run indipper, full and in at middle stump. Jams it out with the toe-end;
47.5;?;Rabada to Cummins, no run good length at off stump, defended off the back foot;
47.4;4;Rabada to Cummins, FOUR runs flies past point as he looks to drive. It's not full enough for the shot and he ends up slicing with little control;
47.3;?;Rabada to Cummins, no run full and in at off stump. Defended on the front foot;
47.2;1;Rabada to Paine, 1 run good length on leg stump, flicked to square leg;
47.1;?;Rabada to Paine, no run short ball at off stump, defended into the leg side;
46.6;1;Maharaj to Paine, 1 run good length on off stump, defended on the front foot;
46.5;4;Maharaj to Paine, FOUR runs floated full on middle stump, shuffles for the sweep and just manages to get bat down on this. The bat comes down really late and it trickles past short fine;
46.4;?;Maharaj to Paine, no run full and in at leg stump, flicked to midwicket;
46.3;?;Maharaj to Paine, no run rips past the outside edge. Superb pace from Maharaj this, keeping it below 85kph. Drifts in at a length and spins a long way away, with bounce;
46.2;?;Maharaj to Paine, no run floated up slow at middle stump and he makes him walk into this defence. Feet rooted;
46.1;4;Maharaj to Paine, FOUR runs short ball outside off. Backs away and slaps it to the cover boundary off the back foot. Real loose one to start from Maharaj;
45.6;?;Rabada to Cummins, no run good length on off stump, defended from the crease;
45.5;?;Rabada to Cummins, no run bouncer angled into the corridor. Doesn't manage to get the bat down as he sways back to let this go;
45.4;?;Rabada to Cummins, no run short ball down leg side, allows it to pass;
45.3;?;Rabada to Cummins, no run close to beating the outside edge after zooming in at middle stump. Cummins just manages to get the outside half of the bat on this forward defence;
45.2;?;Rabada to Cummins, no run good length outswinger outside off, left alone;
45.1;?;Rabada to Cummins, no run spicy. Spits up at Cummins in the corridor as he looks to defend on the back foot. Catches him on the glove;
44.6;?;Philander to Paine, no run good length outside off, left alone;
44.5;?;Philander to Paine, no run short and wide outside off, left alone;
44.4;?;Philander to Paine, no run good length and dipping away outside off. Left alone;
44.3;?;Philander to Paine, no run this looks plumb. And Gould thinks so as well. He's given it. Paine reviews. Philander finally gets it full on middle stump and it nips in a touch and bounces up. It could be going down leg. Paine has missed the flick and is struck in front of middle and leg...but oh hang on! There's an edge on it. He'll survive. Ultra Edge shows a big disturbance. The wicket is retained, so is the review;
44.2;?;Philander to Paine, no run good length just outside off, left alone;
44.1;1;Philander to Cummins, 1 run good length on middle stump, feeble push on the front foot. Runs off the inside edge to fine leg;
43.6;?;Rabada to Paine, no run good length on off stump, blocked into the covers;
43.5;?;Rabada to Paine, no run short of a length on off stump, defended off the back foot;
43.4;?;Rabada to Paine, no run short of a length, slanted into the corridor. Lifts his bat high to leave this;
43.3;?;Rabada to Paine, no run length outside of, left alone;
43.2;?;Rabada to Paine, no run length ball jumping in at the body. He cops it on the back thigh as he tries to negotiate on the back foot;
43.1;?;Rabada to Paine, no run short of a length at off stump, defended off the back foot;
42.6;?;Philander to Cummins, no run beaten. Draws him forward in the corridor and zips it away off the seam;
42.5;?;Philander to Cummins, no run short of a length outside off, left alone;
42.4;?;Philander to Cummins, no run short of a length just outside off, handsomely punched off the back foot to short extra;
42.3;?;Philander to Cummins, no run good length outside off, left alone;
42.2;1;Philander to Paine, 1 run good length on off stump, dropped into the covers off the front foot with soft hands;
42.1;4;Philander to Paine, FOUR runs slaps it over the fielder with some force. Paine's very good at the pull shot. Philander marignally short outside off and he's quickly onto the back foot to lift it over midwicket;
41.6;?;Rabada to Cummins, no run good length outside off, zips past the outside edge as he looks to defend on the back foot;
41.5;?;Rabada to Cummins, no run good length on off stump, blocked solidly on the front foot;
41.4;2;Rabada to Cummins, 2 runs good length on middle stump, nudged wide of mid-on aerially;
41.3;?;Rabada to Cummins, no run what a ball. Glorious stuff. Slants it in at off stump on a good length and gets it to move away very very late. You can't do more than try and jab at it and hope. He's beaten;
41.3;1nb;Rabada to Cummins, (no ball) good length and wobbling in the corridor. Defends with a gap between bat and pad, gets it off the inside edge;
41.2;2;Rabada to Cummins, 2 runs short of a length at middle stump, looks to defend on the back foot and it pings off the inside edge to fine leg's left;
41.1;?;Rabada to Cummins, no run short of a length outside off, left alone;
40.6;1;Philander to Cummins, 1 run short of a length just outside off and he nudges it through point off the back foot, first runs of the day;
40.5;?;Philander to Cummins, no run full on middle stump, flicked uppishly towards midwicket. Not coming on too well...;
40.4;?;Philander to Cummins, no run length ball fired down leg side, can't get bat on it;
40.3;?;Philander to Cummins, no run short of a length outside off, left alone;
40.2;?;Philander to Cummins, no run good length outside off and rises up at him as he looks to drive on the up. It lobs aerially towards mid-off;
40.1;?;Philander to Cummins, no run short ball coming in at off and middle. Solidly blocked on the back foot;
39.6;?;Rabada to Paine, no run good length just outside off, defended off the back foot;
39.5;?;Rabada to Paine, no run good length in the corridor, left alone;
39.4;?;Rabada to Paine, no run close to the stumps this time. Short and a tad wide though, he lets it go;
39.3;?;Rabada to Paine, no run good length with a hint of shape away outside off, left alone;
39.2;?;Rabada to Paine, no run outswinger from wide of the crease. Starts outside off and Paine won't play;
39.1;?;Rabada to Paine, no run bounce. Just in case we'd forgotten. This lifts steeply from a length outside off and he leaves it alone;
38.6;?;Philander to Cummins, no run short of a length at off stump, defended off the back foot;
38.5;?;Philander to Cummins, no run full outswinger outside off, teasing stuff. He's happy to leave;
38.4;?;Philander to Cummins, no run looks for the outswinger from middle stump, but this full ball goes down leg side with the angle and past his flick shot;
38.3;?;Philander to Cummins, no run length outside off, left alone;
38.2;?;Philander to Cummins, no run good length and dipping away outside off, left alone;
38.1;?;Philander to Cummins, no run raps the pad with some late inswing from a good length. That's going down leg side. Starts too straight to cause trouble;
37.6;?;Morkel to Paine, no run back of length delivery outside off, left alone. It's stumps on day two;
37.5;4;Morkel to Paine, FOUR runs tickled fine, races to the fine leg boundary. Easy pickings;
37.4;?;Morkel to Paine, no run short of length delivery outside off, Paine watches this through to the keeper;
37.3;?;Morkel to Paine, no run back of length outside off, left alone;
37.2;?;Morkel to Paine, no run slants in, and then deviates a wee bit from length outside off, Paine leaves;
37.1;?;Morkel to Paine, no run lifter from length outside off, left alone;
36.6;?;Maharaj to Cummins, no run lunges forward and blocks;
36.5;?;Maharaj to Cummins, no run squeezes this full delivery towards point;
36.4;?;Maharaj to Cummins, no run pushed through quicker on middle, defended back;
36.3;2b;Maharaj to Cummins, 2 byes goes for a big mow against the turn, beaten. Keeper and slip fumble, they take a bye. Big turn from the tough;
36.2;4;Maharaj to Cummins, FOUR runs stopped on him but Cummins was through with the stroke. Slapped uppishly and just wide of cover.;
36.1;?;Maharaj to Cummins, no run fired full and flat from around the stumps, blocked;
35.6;3;Morkel to Cummins, 3 runs uppish but he whips this nicely towards deep square, Rabada comes around to cut that off;
35.5;?;Morkel to Cummins, no run once again gets on top of the bounce and keeps this out;
35.4;?;Morkel to Cummins, no run fends this short ball into the off side;
35.3;1;Morkel to Paine, 1 run turns this wide of midwicket for a quick single;
35.2;?;Morkel to Paine, no run right behind the line of this shrt of length ball as he defends;
35.1;?;Morkel to Paine, no run gets this to lift off the deck and rap Paine on the gloves as he looks to defend. Ouch;
34.6;?;Maharaj to Cummins, no run squeezes this to backward point;
34.5;?;Maharaj to Cummins, no run jabs this one to the off side, played with the bat well in front of the pad;
34.4;?;Maharaj to Cummins, no run squeezes this full delivery to mid-on;
34.3;W;Maharaj to Marsh, OUT plays for the turn, but this one slides in, goes straight on and Marsh's daft forward push results in a nick to first slip. It keeps going from bad to worse for Australia.;Shaun Marsh c de Villiers b Maharaj 16 (104m 74b 1x4 0x6) SR: 21.62;
34.2;?;Maharaj to Marsh, no run gets outside the line of the stumps and deadbats;
34.1;?;Maharaj to Marsh, no run lunges forward and deadbats this;
33.6;W;Morkel to Marsh, OUT chopped on! That's not the kind of stroke you want to play 15 minutes away from stumps. Mitch Marsh goes for an expansive drive, bat comes down at an angle and flies off the inside edge to hit off stump.;Mitchell Marsh b Morkel 4 (17m 10b 1x4 0x6) SR: 40;
33.5;?;Morkel to Marsh, no run gets right back and across as he defends this length ball;
33.4;?;Morkel to Marsh, no run right behind the line of the ball as he bunts this with soft hands;
33.3;?;Morkel to Marsh, no run back of length outside off, left alone;
33.2;1;Morkel to Marsh, 1 run length ball sliding into middle and leg, tucked towards deep square leg;
33.1;?;Morkel to Marsh, no run thick outside edge but on the bounce to AB at third slip;
32.6;?;Maharaj to Marsh, no run touch slower this time, drags him forward but the ball spins away and Mitch leaves;
32.5;?;Maharaj to Marsh, no run right to the pitch of the ball as he blocks;
32.4;4;Maharaj to Marsh, FOUR runs too short and clobbered. Made room and picked the gap at extra cover;
32.3;?;Maharaj to Marsh, no run lunges forward and blocks this tossed up delivery on the stumps;
32.2;?;Maharaj to Marsh, no run kept low, beat the outside edge. No feet movement from Marsh.;
32.1;?;Maharaj to Marsh, no run fired full on the stumps, blocked.;
31.6;?;Philander to Marsh, no run bunts this length ball towards the off side.;
31.5;?;Philander to Marsh, no run excellent leave. Slants a length ball across, wasn't too far from the off stump;
31.4;?;Philander to Marsh, no run late inward movement from Philander, length much fuller too, defended back.;
31.3;?;Philander to Marsh, no run shapes to drive, but the ball snakes back in to roll back off an inside edge;
31.2;?;Philander to Marsh, no run right behind the line of this length ball as he defends;
31.1;?;Philander to Marsh, no run zips this back in from leg stump, Marsh hit on the pad;
30.6;1b;Maharaj to Marsh, 1 bye QDK misses a stumping! Marsh ran down the pitch to drive, but the ball went straight on to beat him and hit de Kock on on his left pad as he tried to rise with the bounce. Chance nevertheless. Replays show just as the opportunity came, de Kock was stung by a bee That could've put him off;
30.5;?;Maharaj to Marsh, no run gets outside the line of the stumps and turns this towards the leg side;
30.4;?;Maharaj to Marsh, no run could've so easily sneaked through. Steps out to drive, then decides to abandon that and just defend. Got an inside edge onto the pad as he pushed at that;
30.3;?;Maharaj to Marsh, no run slower through the air, lands this outside off. Marsh lunges forward and blocks;
30.2;?;Maharaj to Marsh, no run full and straight on the stumps, he lunges forward and defends;
30.1;?;Maharaj to Marsh, no run steps out and whips to short mid-on;
29.6;W;Philander to Khawaja, OUT this time, he has been snuffed out down leg. I said this earlier that he was vulnerable to this against Morkel. But Philander has done the trick. Length on leg stump, this comes back in just a touch. Khawaja tickles it off the phase and de Kock takes an outstanding catch down leg. He may have been blinded because he was standing up to the stumps but anticipated well. Khawaja did all the hard work but will be very disappointed to have thrown it away.;Usman Khawaja c ?de Kock b Philander 53 (124m 84b 9x4 0x6) SR: 63.09;
29.5;?;Philander to Khawaja, no run gets this short of length delivery to angle away, left alone. Thuds into de Kock's gloves;
29.4;?;Philander to Khawaja, no run squared up by the length. Late movement away, defended from the crease;
29.3;?;Philander to Khawaja, no run brilliant catch by Amla, but Khawaja hasn't hit that. He looked to go after it, but pulled out at the last moment. De Kock, who was standing up to the stumps, went for the grab and this deflected to Amla off his glove. Stunning grab, spurt of excitement but no bat involved.;
29.2;?;Philander to Khawaja, no run drawn forward to defend, gets an inside edge towards midwicket;
29.1;?;Philander to Khawaja, no run length but sliding down, Khawaja misses;
28.6;1;Maharaj to Khawaja, 1 run turns this towards square leg for a quick single;
28.5;4;Maharaj to Khawaja, FOUR runs steps out, doesn't quite get to the pitch but whips this over midwicket to bring up his 12th Test fifty . Good to see the applause from the crowd, his mates stand up too. One bounce to the boundary. That had a touch of Kumar Sangakkara in it;
28.4;1;Maharaj to Marsh, 1 run advances and drives firmly to long off where Morne cuts it off;
28.3;2;Maharaj to Marsh, 2 runs pushed through quicker on middle, Marsh tickles this with the spin past short fine leg;
28.2;1;Maharaj to Khawaja, 1 run swept uppishly, on the bounce to deep square leg;
28.1;?;Maharaj to Khawaja, no run gets outside the line of the stumps and pads this away;
27.6;?;Philander to Marsh, no run hit on the back leg as Marsh leaves this length ball. I presume he anticipated this to jag away but this held its line. The back leg dropped down because he was lunging forward. Good decision from Nigel Llong.;
27.5;2;Philander to Marsh, 2 runs on middle and leg, Marsh uses his wrists to pick the gap at deep square. Rabada runs around from fine leg to cut that off;
27.4;?;Philander to Marsh, no run driven firmly but straight to mid-off. Didn't quite get to the pitch of it;
27.3;?;Philander to Marsh, no run length on leg, this one holds its line to beat the inside edge and hit Marsh high on the box. Ouch;
27.2;?;Philander to Marsh, no run beaten again. Squared up the sharp late movement as Philander slants this across;
27.1;?;Philander to Marsh, no run short of length delivery that jags away from middle, defended with soft hands.;
26.6;?;Maharaj to Khawaja, no run sweeps and misses. This sneaked through the gap between bat and pad, luckily for Khawaja this didn't turn as much.;
26.5;1;Maharaj to Marsh, 1 run steps out and whips this from outside off towards wide long-on;
26.4;?;Maharaj to Marsh, no run goes back and across as he defends this shortish delivery back down the pitch;
26.3;?;Maharaj to Marsh, no run quicker one outside off, keeps a touch low, defended back;
26.2;?;Maharaj to Marsh, no run pushed through quicker on middle, defended;
26.1;?;Maharaj to Marsh, no run big appeal, was there bat? Marsh is nearly beaten by the skid off the pitch as he looks to whip it away. Very close This may have smashed into the stumps. Oh, dear;
25.6;?;Philander to Khawaja, no run authoritative off-drive, excellent work by Elgar at mid-off.;
25.5;?;Philander to Khawaja, no run superb delivery. Much fuller and closer to the stumps. Deviates away late, Khawaja pokes and misses;
25.4;?;Philander to Khawaja, no run shapes to drive but the length isn't there, much shorter than he expected. Gets a thick inside edge back to the bowler;
25.3;?;Philander to Khawaja, no run chases a full and wide delivery, misses. Lucky. Walked across the stumps to thump that on the up.;
25.2;?;Philander to Khawaja, no run looks to tickle it fine, but misses. Wrong line from Philander. This started from leg stump and went further down;
25.1;?;Philander to Khawaja, no run walks across the stumps and defends a length ball angling away;
24.6;?;Rabada to Marsh, no run gets this to lift from length outside off, left alone;
24.5;1;Rabada to Khawaja, 1 run short of length on middle and leg, helped down to deep fine leg;
24.4;?;Rabada to Khawaja, no run floats this full and straight on the stumps, defended back;
24.3;?;Rabada to Khawaja, no run shapes to defend but lets it go in the end. This wasn't all that short, not all that full either.;
24.2;?;Rabada to Khawaja, no run back of length outside off, left alone;
24.1;4;Rabada to Khawaja, FOUR runs too short and punished. Khawaja stands tall and flays that through point. Lovely touch, lovely timing;
23.6;?;Philander to Marsh, no run lunges forward to defend, gets a thick outside edge to gully;
23.5;?;Philander to Marsh, no run works this back of length delivery on middle to the leg side;
23.4;?;Philander to Marsh, no run slants a length ball across, left alone;
23.3;?;Philander to Marsh, no run Once again tentative in his footwork, prods forward and gets an inside edge onto the pad;
23.2;?;Philander to Marsh, no run Plays outside the line, gets a thin inside edge onto the pad;
23.1;?;Philander to Marsh, no run bang on the money again. Length on middle, nips away off the seam. Marsh is forward as he defends;
22.6;?;Rabada to Khawaja, no run digs a short ball across the left-hander, who looks away as he ducks. Sure this zipped past.;
22.5;?;Rabada to Khawaja, no run squared up by the length and late movement, squirted towards point;
22.4;4;Rabada to Khawaja, FOUR runs driven and driven very, very well. Not smashed by any means. Just a gentle forward push, head nicely over the ball as he caressed that. This one just raced away;
22.3;?;Rabada to Khawaja, no run solid in defence. Shows the full face of the bat to play that short of length delivery towards the bowler;
22.2;?;Rabada to Khawaja, no run back of length delivery angling away, watched through to the keeper;
22.1;?;Rabada to Khawaja, no run floats this full and across Khawaja, who tentatively defends this into the off side;
21.6;?;Morkel to Marsh, no run superb delivery again, jags back in to beat Marsh's tenative prod and hit him high on the pad. Superb bowling;
21.5;?;Morkel to Marsh, no run how did that miss off stump? Ooooh! Very, very close. Gets this to nip back in sharply from outside off, Marsh with a tentative leave. Trusted the bounce on this occasion;
21.4;?;Morkel to Marsh, no run head still and in good position as he leans forward gently and defends back to the bowler;
21.3;?;Morkel to Marsh, no run lands this much fuller, the ball nips back in from wide of the crease, defended back towards the bowler;
21.2;1;Morkel to Khawaja, 1 run goes across and turns this wide of short midwicket;
21.1;?;Morkel to Khawaja, no run short of length delivery outside off from around the stumps, Khawaja sways out of the way;
20.6;?;Rabada to Marsh, no run goes back and across as he dabs this length delivery to point. Three maiden overs in a row;
20.5;?;Rabada to Marsh, no run back of length outside off, left alone;
20.4;?;Rabada to Marsh, no run full and angling away from wide of the crease, Marsh watches this through to the keeper;
20.3;?;Rabada to Marsh, no run that's more like it. Much fuller and this one swerves in late. Marsh is rooted to the crease as he defends.;
20.2;?;Rabada to Marsh, no run angles across, the length is on the shorter side again, left alone. Can't get the batsman driving with that length;
20.1;?;Rabada to Marsh, no run slants a length ball across, left alone;
19.6;?;Morkel to Khawaja, no run short of a length outside off, defended off the back foot;
19.5;?;Morkel to Khawaja, no run full on leg stump, flicked uppishly towards mid-on;
19.4;?;Morkel to Khawaja, no run length and wide outside off, left alone;
19.3;?;Morkel to Khawaja, no run good length in the corridor, defended off the back foot;
19.2;?;Morkel to Khawaja, no run good length just outside off, dropped into the off side with soft hands;
19.1;?;Morkel to Khawaja, no run short of a length outside off, tapped to mid-off from the back foot;
18.6;?;Rabada to Marsh, no run length ball in the corridor, left alone;
18.5;?;Rabada to Marsh, no run sound? Looks like I'm the only one. Marsh squared up on the back foot and stabs at this length ball as it's pushed away from off stump;
18.4;?;Rabada to Marsh, no run short of a length across off stump, left alone;
18.3;?;Rabada to Marsh, no run looks to leave and cops it on the pad. There's a lot of this happening in this match. Short of a length ball nips in from off stump. He's looking to leave on height - in that sense, it's premeditated - and doesn't anticipate the movement;
18.2;?;Rabada to Marsh, no run short of a length in the corridor, angles away and he leaves;
18.1;?;Rabada to Marsh, no run full on middle stump, defended towards point off the outside half;
17.6;?;Morkel to Khawaja, no run short ball down leg side, left alone;
17.5;4;Morkel to Khawaja, FOUR runs back of a length and in at the pads. Jumps onto his toes and nudges this off his thigh to pick up four runs at fine leg;
17.4;?;Morkel to Khawaja, no run length ball down leg, not his first of the day. No need to play at that;
17.3;?;Morkel to Khawaja, no run ambitious shot. Some would say woeful. It's a short ball wide outside off and he's sitting on the back foot, trying to pummel this behind square on the leg side with a pull;
17.2;?;Morkel to Khawaja, no run length ball in the channel, thick outside edge as he looks to defend off the back foot;
17.1;?;Morkel to Khawaja, no run good length and in at middle stump. Tapped to mid-on, on the rise;
16.6;4;Maharaj to Marsh, FOUR runs superbly played. Length ball floated up outside off, steps out and hammers it wide of mid-off. He's been hitting them hard off the spinner so far;
16.5;2;Maharaj to Marsh, 2 runs short of a length on middle stump, defended off the back foot;
16.4;?;Maharaj to Marsh, no run good length at off stump, defended on the front foot;
16.3;3;Maharaj to Khawaja, 3 runs length and down leg side. Shapes to reverse sweep and adjusts to tickle this fine as it comes in;
16.2;4;Maharaj to Khawaja, FOUR runs beats mid-off. Tossed up at a length outside off and he steps out and forces this past Morkel, who is quite wide there;
16.1;?;Maharaj to Khawaja, no run rapped on the pad as he steps out and tries to flick. He's beaten in flight;
15.6;?;Morkel to Marsh, no run good length at off stump, defended off the back foot;
15.6;1nb;Morkel to Marsh, (no ball) length ball fired down leg side, left alone;
15.5;?;Morkel to Marsh, no run beaten. Rising outside off and he pokes at it again;
15.4;?;Morkel to Marsh, no run length in the corridor, left alone;
15.3;?;Morkel to Marsh, no run beaten as he falls over into the off side. Marsh is still on the move as he walks into this ball in the corridor. Terrible position...;
15.2;?;Morkel to Marsh, no run short of a length and angled in from outside off stump, left alone;
15.1;?;Morkel to Marsh, no run good length on off stump, defended into the leg side off the back foot;
14.6;?;Maharaj to Khawaja, no run big appeal for lbw as Khawaja pads this. Gould says not out, Faf reviews. This was spinning back in but that was a big stride. However, it's hit him on the back of the thigh as it spins towards off stump...missing leg stump! Oh that looked so close, but a good decision. South Africa lose a review;
14.5;1;Maharaj to Marsh, 1 run floated up at middle stump, steps out and flicks uppishly towards midwicket where Bavuma can't gather it cleanly;
14.4;?;Maharaj to Marsh, no run good length on off stump, steps out and bludgeons this back at the bowler who is brave enough to stick out a hand and parry it to mid-off;
14.3;2;Maharaj to Marsh, 2 runs good length on leg stump, waits for it and whips it through square leg from the crease;
14.2;?;Maharaj to Marsh, no run length ball outside off, steps out and flicks to short midwicket;
14.1;1;Maharaj to Khawaja, 1 run tossed up on off stump, steps out and drives to long-on;
13.6;?;Morkel to Marsh, no run good length and in at middle stump. Defended on the front foot;
13.5;?;Morkel to Marsh, no run good length and wide outside off, left alone;
13.5;2nb;Morkel to Khawaja, (no ball) 1 run good length on middle stump, hangs back in the crease and tickles this into the midwicket area;
13.4;?;Morkel to Khawaja, no run good length and wide outside off, left alone;
13.3;4;Morkel to Khawaja, FOUR runs whack. Nothing meek about this one. Morkel drops it short outside off and he gets behind it quickly to hammer it wide of mid-on with a flat bat;
13.2;?;Morkel to Khawaja, no run length ball down leg side, can't get bat on it;
13.1;2;Morkel to Khawaja, 2 runs short ball in the corridor, gets on the back foot and pulls meekly off the toe-end of the bat through midwicket;
12.6;?;Philander to Marsh, no run compensates and plays at the next one. And he's duly beaten. This jumps past the outside edge as he pushes forward;
12.5;?;Philander to Marsh, no run brave leave. Wow. This length ball's angling in before it pitches but nips away to miss off stump. How he knew that would happen, I don't know, but he's safe...;
12.4;?;Philander to Marsh, no run full outside off, left alone;
12.3;?;Philander to Marsh, no run good length in the corridor, anxious push forward to defend into the covers;
12.2;?;Philander to Marsh, no run too wide, too short. Marsh lets this pass as it slants across him;
12.1;W;Philander to Handscomb, OUT drags it on! Oh what a disastrous start this is turning out to be. Handscombe goes the Du Plessis way - shouldering arms without any surety. This is an outswinger on a good length outside off. He gets close to the line with a shuffle but decides to leave late. Too late though, because the ball skids on to take the inside edge and clatter into the stumps;Peter Handscomb b Philander 0 (6m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;

Vernon Philander is on a hat-trick.
 Innings Start
South Africa
Australia
4th Test, Johannesburg, Mar 30 - Apr 3 2018, Australia tour of South Africa
488 &
221 &
Player of the match is Vernon Philander, SA
South Africa won by 492 runs
