Data
Good final over for Ireland but they have stuttered their way to 123 for 7. More than it might have been at 33 for 4 in the eighth over. By and large Australia's bowling (and fielding) was very good and they'll be very confident of chasing these but Ireland won't give up. I'll be back in about ten minutes for the run chase.
19.6;2;Watson to Cusack, 2 runs width outside off, swings hard and it flies off a thick edge towards third man who is able to cut off the boundary;
19.5;?;Watson to Cusack, no run a bouncer and, quite oddly, Cusack just ducks underneath...was hoping for a wide call;
19.4;1;Watson to Jones, 1 run another short ball, risky ploy, but this time Jones can only splice it to midwicket;
19.4;1w;Watson to Jones, 1 wide now he sprays this one wide outside off so Ireland get a bonus delivery;
19.3;6;Watson to Jones, SIX runs that's useful...dragged down short and Jones picks it up superbly with a cracking pull which flies over the square-leg boundary. First six of the innings;
19.2;1;Watson to Cusack, 1 run full and wide outside off, Cusack can't time it very well into the off side as it comes off the bottom of the bat;
19.1;1;Watson to Jones, 1 run low full toss outside off, driven down to long-off;
18.6;2;Cummins to Cusack, 2 runs goes over the infield against another full toss, gets some better placement but still not the boundaries Ireland really need;
18.5;1;Cummins to Jones, 1 run quite a big full toss, Jones tries to crack it through the off side but can only find over on the edge of the ring;
18.4;?;Cummins to Jones, no run can't get this one through the infield;
18.3;1;Cummins to Cusack, 1 run a slower, full, delivery, he picks it up quiet cleanly and it goes one bounce down to long-on;
18.2;?;Cummins to Cusack, no run beaten outside off by a full delivery, plays over the top as he tries to send it through the off side;
18.1;1;Cummins to Jones, 1 run slower ball outside off, played square into the off side for scampered single to point;
11.6;?;Hogg to N O'Brien, no run turns into Niall which cramps him for room as he tries to find a gap in the off side but it ends up going to point;
11.5;1;Hogg to K O'Brien, 1 run fuller this time, opens the face square into the off side;
11.4;4;Hogg to K O'Brien, FOUR runs another boundary, a quicker ball outside off which is dragged a touch short and Kevin cuts firmly through the off side to beat deep cover;
11.3;4;Hogg to K O'Brien, FOUR runs tossed up with a hint of width outside off, Kevin drives firmly and it comes off a thick edge fine of short third-man...O'Brien not reading the variations of Hogg;
11.2;?;Hogg to K O'Brien, no run can't get this away as he pushes off the back foot to the off side;
11.1;?;Hogg to K O'Brien, no run uses his feet, but well bowled by Hogg as he drags his length a touch shorter and it's pushed to the leg side;
10.6;?;Maxwell to N O'Brien, no run this time he misses the sweep, Wade whips off the bails but the back foot is firmly planted;
10.5;4;Maxwell to N O'Brien, FOUR runs swept strongly from outside off and a rare boundary for Ireland as he picks the gap between deep square and deep midwicket;
10.4;1;Maxwell to K O'Brien, 1 run this one doesn't turn, finds the outside edge as Kevin tries to work it away and the ball runs to short third-man;
10.3;1;Maxwell to N O'Brien, 1 run short on leg stump, swept around the corner to short fine-leg;
10.2;?;Maxwell to N O'Brien, no run round the wicket, tossed up slowly, Niall pushes forward and it almost loops back to the bowler;
10.1;1;Maxwell to K O'Brien, 1 run short outside off, sits up and it's driven firmly through the covers;
17.6;1;Starc to Jones, 1 run low full toss outside off, driven out to deep cover;
17.5;2;Starc to Jones, 2 runs nicely played, just a hint of width outside off and driven square with an open face but third man is able to get around;
17.4;?;Starc to Jones, no run another terrific yorker, at middle and leg, dug out into the off side;
17.3;1;Starc to Cusack, 1 run driven in the air straight down the ground, nearly manges to split long-off and long-on but David Warner is very quick in the outfield;
17.2;1;Starc to Jones, 1 run on a length this time, Jones pushes forward firmly and gets it down to long-off;
17.1;W;Starc to Johnston, OUT on target! Perfect yorker from round the wicket, right at the bottom of off stump and hits the target as Johnston tried to give himself room;Trent Johnston b Starc 7 (8m 7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
16.6;1lb;Cummins to Johnston, 1 leg bye flicked into the leg side;
16.5;4;Cummins to Johnston, FOUR runs good effort to make that into a boundary! A short ball angled into Johnston who backs away then manages to ramp it over the keeper. Judgement or luck? It doesn't matter;
16.4;1;Cummins to Cusack, 1 run waits a fraction long for this time and opens to face down to third man;
16.3;?;Cummins to Cusack, no run back of a length, angled into Cusack who plays it to White at backward point;
16.2;4;Cummins to Cusack, FOUR runs well played, fuller ball outside off and he drives on the up over the covers with the power to find the boundary;
16.1;?;Cummins to Cusack, no run back of a length at the batsman, defended off the back foot to the off side;
9.6;?;Hogg to N O'Brien, no run goes to drive through the off side and it skews off the inside edge into his boot;
9.5;2;Hogg to N O'Brien, 2 runs swept firmly from off stump through square leg and placed well enough for a second;
9.4;1;Hogg to K O'Brien, 1 run drops a touch short outside off, Kevin onto the back foot and places out to deep cover;
9.3;?;Hogg to K O'Brien, no run full on the stumps, driven back down the pitch;
9.2;?;Hogg to K O'Brien, no run nicely bowled, grips off the surface and takes the outside edge which runs to short third-man;
9.1;2;Hogg to K O'Brien, 2 runs pushed across the right hander, he goes down early for the sweep and paddles it through fine leg...Cummins fumbles in the deep;
8.6;?;Watson to N O'Brien, no run strangled appeal for lbw as Niall plays across the line of a full delivery but it pitched outside leg stump...still, another economical over for Australia;
8.5;1;Watson to K O'Brien, 1 run full on the stumps, pushed gently down the ground through mid-on;
8.4;2;Watson to K O'Brien, 2 runs nice piece of timing, punched behind square through the off side from the back foot against a short ball outside off...third man makes a good dive and just manages to haul it back. Good work.;
8.3;?;Watson to K O'Brien, no run that was sharp from Watson. Another bouncer, Kevin went for the pull and there's an appeal from keeper and bowler for a top edge but the umpire not interested;
8.2;1;Watson to N O'Brien, 1 run short and wide outside off but it only costs a single as Niall cuts down to third man;
8.1;1;Watson to K O'Brien, 1 run this one keeps down a fraction as Kevin is caught on the back foot and gets the bottom of the bat into the leg side;
15.6;1;Hogg to Cusack, 1 run full on the stumps, the wrong 'un, and it's worked into the square-leg area;
15.5;1;Hogg to Johnston, 1 run flicked in the air over midwicket from outside off stump, lands well in front of the deep fielder;
15.4;?;Hogg to Johnston, no run quicker ball on leg stump, can't find a gap this time as Hogg fields in his follow through;
15.3;2;Hogg to Johnston, 2 runs a fraction shorter this time, turns into Johnston who has time to work it off the back foot through straight midwicket;
15.2;?;Hogg to Johnston, no run outside off, spins away and it's left alone...in the 16th over;
15.1;1;Hogg to Cusack, 1 run short ball outside off and he pulls through midwicket;
14.6;W;Watson to K O'Brien, OUT big wicket! Excellent over from Watson. A short ball, Kevin tried to upper-cut it down to third man and was a little half-hearted in the short which led to an edge to Wade.;Kevin O'Brien c ?Wade b Watson 35 (31m 29b 5x4 0x6) SR: 120.68;
14.5;?;Watson to K O'Brien, no run a slower short ball, holds in the surface and Kevin is early on the pull which means he gets taken on the shoulder;
14.4;1;Watson to Cusack, 1 run full on the stumps, worked away in front of square on the leg side;
14.3;W;Watson to N O'Brien, OUT that's the end of that. A full ball, perhaps a slower delivery, Niall aims to swing it through the leg side in the slog-sweep position and misses;Niall O'Brien b Watson 20 (47m 24b 2x4 0x6) SR: 83.33;
14.2;?;Watson to N O'Brien, no run worked to the leg side;
14.1;4;Watson to N O'Brien, FOUR runs that's a bonus boundary, takes the outside edge from Niall as he tries to run to third man...it pitches in front of Wade and takes an awful bounce over his head down. Time for a helmet?;
13.6;4;Starc to K O'Brien, FOUR runs cracking shot! Full on the stumps, Kevin just shuffles to leg to open up the off side and plunders it through the off side with a stand-and-deliver drive;
13.5;1;Starc to N O'Brien, 1 run full at leg stump, Niall gives himself some room and drills it straight down the ground but mid-on is able to run around;
13.4;1lb;Starc to K O'Brien, 1 leg bye goes full this time, into the pads, runs into the off side;
13.3;4;Starc to K O'Brien, FOUR runs latches onto a short ball with a very powerful pull...Kevin saw it early and pulled well in front of square, one bounce over the rope;
13.2;1;Starc to N O'Brien, 1 run full on off stump, heaved down the ground to long-off;
13.1;1;Starc to K O'Brien, 1 run round the wicket, driven in the air square of the wicket past a diving Brad Hogg at point;
12.6;1;Christian to K O'Brien, 1 run short outside off, opens the face and finds deep cover;
12.5;?;Christian to K O'Brien, no run full on off stump, comes forward into the drive and picks out cover;
12.4;?;Christian to K O'Brien, no run short of a length, nips back into the right hander and takes an inside edge into the pads;
12.3;?;Christian to K O'Brien, no run pulls the length back this time and Kevin blocks;
12.2;4;Christian to K O'Brien, FOUR runs lovely shot. Classy from Kevin O'Brien as he leans into a full ball and sends it race past a diving mid-off;
12.1;2;Christian to K O'Brien, 2 runs nearly strikes straight away as Kevin pushes early at a full delivery but Christian can't quite time his leap in the follow through;
7.6;?;Hogg to N O'Brien, no run very full outside off, squeezed out square to the off side towards point...Ireland not going anywhere at the moment;
7.5;2;Hogg to N O'Brien, 2 runs swept from around off stump, gets it through short fine-leg but the fielders in the deep are quick;
7.4;1;Hogg to K O'Brien, 1 run onto the front foot, pushes gently into the covers;
7.3;?;Hogg to K O'Brien, no run full on leg stump, worked to midwicket;
7.2;W;Hogg to Wilson, OUT gone! Another departs. Hogg strikes second ball. It looked pretty good, full on the stumps, straightened a fraction and Wilson was trying to play to leg.;Gary Wilson lbw b Hogg 5 (8m 5b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
7.1;?;Hogg to Wilson, no run over the wicket, full on off stump, Wilson comes onto the front foot and plays to backward point;
6.6;?;Christian to N O'Brien, no run slash and a miss outside off as he is given some width;
6.5;1;Christian to Wilson, 1 run short ball, this time and Ireland batsman keeps the pull shot down as he rolls his wrists to find deep square;
6.4;?;Christian to Wilson, no run beauty! Back of a length and straightens on Wilson to zip past the outside edge. Good carry, too.;
6.3;1;Christian to N O'Brien, 1 run nicely played, outside off again and he whips it through the leg side with a strong bottom hand;
6.2;2;Christian to N O'Brien, 2 runs width outside off, goes for a booming drive and it comes off an inside edge past the stumps and a diving Matthew Wade;
6.1;?;Christian to N O'Brien, no run full on middle and off, bustling medium pace, driven to the covers;
5.6;4;Maxwell to Wilson, FOUR runs round the wicket, full outside and beautifully driven between cover and mid-off...all timing and placement;
5.5;W;Maxwell to Joyce, OUT very soft...tossed up on off stump, Joyce tries to go over the top but can only lob his drive straight to mid-off who was inside the circle;Ed Joyce c Warner b Maxwell 16 (25m 18b 3x4 0x6) SR: 88.88;
5.4;?;Maxwell to Joyce, no run fired down the leg side, Joyce goes for the sweep and gets a bottom edge which costs him a wide call;
5.3;?;Maxwell to Joyce, no run this one is a little slower and a touch shorter, just turns a fraction as it's played square on the off side;
5.2;1;Maxwell to N O'Brien, 1 run Drifts into middle and leg, flicked along the ground in front of square leg;
5.1;?;Maxwell to N O'Brien, no run round the wicket, full on off stump, driven to extra cover;
4.6;?;Cummins to Joyce, no run full on middle and off, defended to the off side;
4.5;?;Cummins to Joyce, no run gets back on a full length outside off, goes for the drive and the bat turns in his hand which means he loses timing;
4.4;4;Cummins to Joyce, FOUR runs dropped in short, was just outside off stump but Joyce has enough to pull it well in front of square through midwicket;
4.3;?;Cummins to Joyce, no run cracked square of the wicket, superb piece of fielding at backward point from David Warner to prevent the chance of another boundary;
4.2;4;Cummins to Joyce, FOUR runs strong shot by Joyce, drilled from leg stump and it beats mid-on;
4.1;?;Cummins to Joyce, no run full on off stump, tries to get forward and pushes firmly to cover;
3.6;?;Starc to N O'Brien, no run left alone outside off;
3.5;?;Starc to N O'Brien, no run short of a length outside off, nice carry to the keeper as O'Brien pulls his bat inside the line;
3.4;1;Starc to Joyce, 1 run nicely driven by Joyce but well fielded at cover to keep them to a single;
3.3;W;Starc to Stirling, OUT another catch in the deep, this time at third man. Was a hint of width outside off, Stirling through his hands through a drive and it skewed high down towards Watson who ran around the boundary and held an excellent catch;Paul Stirling c Watson b Starc 7 (17m 12b 1x4 0x6) SR: 58.33;
3.2;1;Starc to Joyce, 1 run full outside off, Joyce drives but is a little caught on the crease so doesn't get much power behind the shot as it runs to right of mid-off;
3.1;1lb;Starc to Stirling, 1 leg bye pitches outside leg stump, Stirling shapes to heave it over the leg side but is early on his shot and the ball dribbles to leg side;
2.6;?;Cummins to Joyce, no run back of a length on off stump, defended from the back foot and it rolls towards the slips;
2.5;?;Cummins to Joyce, no run outside off stump and the rare sight of one being left alone;
2.4;1;Cummins to Stirling, 1 run angling into Stirling as it was from Watson, he just gives himself a little room to drive into the off side and sends it wide of mid-off;
2.3;1;Cummins to Joyce, 1 run full on middle and leg, allows Joyce to go through the leg side again and finds deep midwickjet;
2.2;4;Cummins to Joyce, FOUR runs poor line, flicked off leg stump and short fine-leg is inside the circle so deep square has to run around. He can't quite drag it back first of all, then turns and makes a second dive to try and stop it but is just touching the rope at the same time;
2.1;1;Cummins to Stirling, 1 run low full toss on the stumps, flicked through straight midwicket and there's man on the boundary;
1.6;?;Starc to Joyce, no run outside off stump, Joyce comes onto the front foot and defends square to point;
1.5;?;Starc to Joyce, no run very full, giving the ball every chance to move, Joyce is across his crease and works towards mid-on;
1.4;1;Starc to Stirling, 1 run swing on offer for Starc, on a full length and shapes back, driven into the off side;
1.3;?;Starc to Stirling, no run full on the stumps, starts to swing back into Stirling but he responds with a well-timed drive straight to cover;
1.2;?;Starc to Stirling, no run back of a length on off stump, shapes to force it through the off side but doesn't get any timing on the shot;
1.1;1;Starc to Joyce, 1 run starts full on leg stump, neatly flicked away backward of square on the leg side;
0.6;4;Watson to Stirling, FOUR runs that's more like it...stands tall and drives a length ball on the up over extra cover. That will help settle a few nerves;
0.5;?;Watson to Stirling, no run close! Mayhem out there. Another short ball, Stirling was advancing down the pitch and tried to pull. The ball lobbed towards square leg and there was nearly a mix-up in the running but Mike Hussey couldn't hit direct;
0.4;?;Watson to Stirling, no run more movement from Watson, nips back into Stirling who defends from the crease getting an inside edge into his pads;
0.3;?;Watson to Stirling, no run angled into the pads, rolls towards square leg;
0.2;?;Watson to Stirling, no run beaten! Hint of movement away from Stirling as he plays forward and it scoots pas the outside edge;
0.1;W;Watson to Porterfield, OUT gone! First ball. Perfect start for Australia. Was dropped in short, Porterfield responded with a hook, gets a top edge and it is comfortably taken by long leg;William Porterfield c Starc b Watson 0 (2m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;

Right, here we go...Shane Watson to open the bowling
3.25pm Here come the players for the anthems and handshakes. Not far away from the action.
"Agree, Australia is always a better team when two brothers are playing together. Chappell, Waugh and Hussey," says McEnroe. Get rid of White, bring back D.Hussey."
Here's Justin: "Agh, im sick of all this White bashing. I really hope he turns it on today and shows us why he is in the side. He is an awesome player when he gets going - maybe he just needs a bit of confidence to find that old spark. D Hussey is an awesome player too and he will get his chance in this tournament."
3.20pm Sounds like a very small crowd at the ground which is a shame. Hope this tournament catches the imagination of the public.
"I'm really disappointed in the lack of DEE HUSSEY," says BJ. "I don't understand how they'd pick Cameron White over Hussey. White's been useless for years for Australia and barely bowls these days, whereas Hussey has been more than handy in every aspect of the game even in recent times. Dunno what "more" the Aussies want out of him, he's definitely better than some of the others that are getting a start against the Irish."
3.10pm Right, now that's sorted, time to ponder something for a little while. How has the Twenty20 game changed since it first started in 2003? Nagraj Gollapudi has asked three experienced players just that question.
3.00pm We have the Australia team for you: 1 Shane Watson, 2 David Warner, 3 Mike Hussey, 4 George Bailey (capt), 5 Cameron White, 6 Glenn Maxwell, 7 Matthew Wade, 8 Dan Christian, 9 Brad Hogg, 10 Pat Cummins, 11 Mitchell Starc.
Ireland have won the toss and decided to bat. Just waiting on confirmation of their team. Apologies for the delay here, bit of a problem with information from the ground.
Here we go: 1 Will Porterfield (capt), 2 Paul Stirling, 3 Ed Joyce, 4 Niall O'Brien, 5 Gary Wilson (wk), 6 Kevin O'Brien, 7 Trent Johnston, 8 George Dockrell, 9 Nigel Jones, 10 Boyd Rankin, 11 Alex Cusack
2.50pm While we have a few minutes before the toss it's worth recapping what happened yesterday. It was a stunning start to the World Twenty20 for Ajantha Mendis with record figures of 6 for 8. Today, though, it would be nice if there were a couple of close matches as well as outstanding individual performances.
We'll have loads of stuff for you to read and watch during the tournament, including a daily review hosted by Mike Haysman. Here's the first one.
2.45pm Hello everyone and welcome to coverage of this Group B match between Australia and Ireland. This has taken on something of a grudge affair and, briefly the other week, Ireland were ranked above the Aussies. That didn't go down too well. I'm Andrew McGlashan and will be bringing you all the action over the next few hours.
Ireland have an impressive history of giant killing, although I always think it's unfair to class them as a minnow these days. They have warmed-up with good results in Sri Lanka in the last few weeks and have a very strong squad full of players with county and international experience.
Australia, though, should be too good for them. They have an explosive opening pair and some solid quick bowlers. However, the middle order is suspect and their spin department relies on a 41-year-old. Brydon Coverdale has all the details in his preview.
 Innings Start
Here's the post-match: Porterfield "We didn't have a great start, we tried to get a platform but it didn't happen. We've warmed-up well and weren't surprised by conditions. I can't fault the lads for trying."
Bailey: "I thought he started really well and finished if off with the bat. The short ball will be a good weapon for us. We were happy to see that pitch but it will probably get slower and lower."
Watson is Man of the Match. Tough call! "We knew how important the game was to make a statement. I'd been thinking about how to bowl the first over for about a day and it worked out nicely. It's been nice to hit the ball well over the last few weeks."
So, that's just about it for this match. I'll hand over to my colleagues for the India-Afghanistan match which starts shortly. Enjoy the action.
That's a cakewalk for Australia. Puts the rankings into a touch more perspective. Ireland were well below their best and they'll know that. Australia, though, looked very solid with bat, ball and in the field. Questions remain about the middle order, but they couldn't have done much more today. I'll stay around to bring you news from presentation. Suspect Shane Watson will be Man of the Match!
Here's Harsha summing things up: "A comfortable win but this middle order is a trouble.. Dan Christian is surplus and wasted at no8 bowling not needed and won't bat, pick D Hussey and Bailey play as a specialist captain and bat at 8, seems to be only way to fix this"
SU defends the middle order: "At least have a look at the strike rates of Bailey and White. Doesn't look too bad to me. And Bailey is a kind of backbone every batting team requires in T20."
15.1;4;Dockrell to White, FOUR runs that's the game, lofted comfortably over the leg side out to the deep midwicket boundary;
14.6;?;K O'Brien to Bailey, no run swing and a miss. Scoots past off stump, a coat of varnish job. He lifted his head on the shot.;
14.5;1;K O'Brien to White, 1 run driven off the back foot through the covers;
14.4;2;K O'Brien to White, 2 runs slower ball full on middle, punched nearly down the ground for brace;
14.3;4;K O'Brien to White, FOUR runs this is hurry to a finish now, dropped in short at gentle pace and he swivels onto a pull sending it fine of long leg;
14.2;?;K O'Brien to White, no run pushes this fuller and it's driven to mid-off;
14.1;4;K O'Brien to White, FOUR runs that's pretty dismissive from White as he picks up a fractionally short delivery outside off and cracks it away through midwicket;
13.6;4;Rankin to Bailey, FOUR runs that's better, another short ball. Gets his timing and placement this time as he pulls backward of square and finds the gap;
13.5;1lb;Rankin to White, 1 leg bye fuller delivery, White hanging on the back foot and gets more of an inside edge down to long leg;
13.4;1;Rankin to Bailey, 1 run another short ball, this time he pulls and gets it in front of square;
13.3;?;Rankin to Bailey, no run chopped away into the off side, struggling for his timing here as he finds backward point;
13.2;1lb;Rankin to White, 1 leg bye angled into the pads, deflected into the leg side;
13.1;?;Rankin to White, no run back of a length on off stump, defended into the off side;
12.6;?;K O'Brien to Bailey, no run opens the face and finds short third-man;
12.5;1;K O'Brien to White, 1 run dragged wide outside off, White drills it with a lot of power off the back foot but straight to deep cover;
12.4;?;K O'Brien to White, no run goes for the pull, but it is another unconvincing effort as he plays over the delivery;
12.3;2;K O'Brien to White, 2 runs on the pads, worked away out to deep square;
12.2;?;K O'Brien to White, no run full on the stumps, whipped firmly out to midwicket;
12.1;?;K O'Brien to White, no run full on off stump, pushed up to mid-off;
11.6;?;Rankin to Bailey, no run mistimes another pull as he gets a bottom edge into his leg which bobbles to the off side;
11.5;1;Rankin to White, 1 run dropped, but that would have been a blinder from Johnston. He was pulled off the top of the bat towards mid-on where Johnston leapt to his right and couldn't grab the rebound;
11.4;?;Rankin to White, no run back full on off stump, defended to the on side;
11.4;1w;Rankin to White, 1 wide banged in very short outside off stump, climbs through to the keeper and that's a wide;
11.3;1;Rankin to Bailey, 1 run cut away into the off side, they race off for the run and the fielder fumbles when a clean pick-up would have provided a run-out chance;
11.2;?;Rankin to Bailey, no run short of a length on off stump, worked into the leg side;
11.1;2;Rankin to White, 2 runs starts with a short ball, White pulls in front of square through midwicket and they make a third with some good running...ah, but wait, it was called one short;
10.6;W;K O'Brien to Hussey, OUT gone! The umpire decides that was pad first. Shaped back late into Hussey who was pushing forward and got caught in front of middle and off;Michael Hussey lbw b O'Brien 10 (16m 11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 90.9;
10.5;1;K O'Brien to White, 1 run tucked off the stumps through the leg side;
10.4;?;K O'Brien to White, no run on off stump, defended with bat and pad together;
10.3;1;K O'Brien to Hussey, 1 run pushed firmly towards mid-off and Hussey is quick between the wickets;
10.2;2;K O'Brien to Hussey, 2 runs worked neatly off the stumps through short fine-leg;
10.1;W;K O'Brien to Watson, OUT on off stump, opens the face to short third-man who makes a direct hit and Watson is caught short by Johnston's throw. That was a bit lazy from him;Shane Watson run out (Johnston) 51 (45m 30b 5x4 3x6) SR: 170;
9.6;2;Dockrell to Hussey, 2 runs wrong line outside leg stump, Hussey paddles it in a very controlled fashion behind square on the on side;
9.5;1;Dockrell to Watson, 1 run gets this one fuller and it's driven down the ground;
9.4;6;Dockrell to Watson, SIX runs that's massive! Watson deep in his crease again and pulls it high and handsome over deep midwicket to take him to a 28-ball fifty;
9.3;4;Dockrell to Watson, FOUR runs that's Watson brutal power, dragged down short and he flat-bats it straight down the ground to beat long-on...he's in a rush;
9.2;1;Dockrell to Hussey, 1 run angled to backward point and that would have been close with a direct hit;
9.1;?;Dockrell to Hussey, no run an appeal for lbw as Hussey misses a sweep but it pitched outside leg...would have been out if Porterfield had it;
8.6;6;Stirling to Watson, SIX runs now he drops short and gets pulled over the deep midwicket boundary...Watson following his wickets with a very solid innings;
8.5;4;Stirling to Watson, FOUR runs nicely played, short on leg stump and Watson sweeps it firmly backward of square;
8.4;1;Stirling to Hussey, 1 run full on the stumps, flicked along the ground and beats a diving midwicket;
8.3;1;Stirling to Watson, 1 run dropped driven straight down the pitch and Stirling can't hold on as he struck up his left hand;
8.2;?;Stirling to Watson, no run round the wicket, swung from outside off straight to midwicket;
8.1;1;Stirling to Hussey, 1 run hint of width outside off, driven through the covers;
7.6;1;Dockrell to Hussey, 1 run opens the face into the off side;
7.5;?;Dockrell to Hussey, no run well bowled...slides across the left hander and beats the outside edge. Wilson appeals for a stumping but Hussey got his foot back;
7.4;1;Dockrell to Watson, 1 run nicely bowled, tossed up on middle and off, comes forward and gets a thick inside edge;
7.3;1;Dockrell to Hussey, 1 run full on middle stump, worked down the ground to long-on;
7.2;1;Dockrell to Watson, 1 run touch shorter, played square through the off side through the covers;
7.1;W;Dockrell to Warner, OUT that's the breakthrough...Warner used his feet and flicked it sweetly into the leg side but straight to the man at deep midwicket;David Warner c O'Brien b Dockrell 26 (33m 23b 4x4 0x6) SR: 113.04;
6.6;1;Cusack to Warner, 1 run full outside off, driven without much timing down to long-off;
6.5;?;Cusack to Warner, no run played into the off side;
6.4;4;Cusack to Warner, FOUR runs poor delivery, outside leg stump and another superb piece of timing as he flicks it backward of square through the leg side;
6.3;1;Cusack to Watson, 1 run hint of shape into Watson who plays it late down to third man;
6.2;1;Cusack to Warner, 1 run back of a length, pushed across Warner, driven off the back foot down the ground;
6.1;?;Cusack to Warner, no run on leg stump, flicked to midwicket;
5.6;3;Dockrell to Warner, 3 runs a touch short outside off stump, cut away off the back foot and pulls up just short of the deep cover boundary;
5.5;1;Dockrell to Watson, 1 run plays this late off the stumps, chopped down to short third-man;
5.4;?;Dockrell to Watson, no run touch slower, on middle and off, hint of turn and defended to off side;
5.3;?;Dockrell to Watson, no run pushed in towards leg stump, takes the pad to the on side;
5.2;1;Dockrell to Warner, 1 run he's round the wicket, full on the stumps and work down to mid-on;
5.1;4;Dockrell to Warner, FOUR runs what a classy shot by Warner, was a full ball on off stump and he places it between cover and mid-off with outstanding timing;
4.6;?;Cusack to Watson, no run short ball outside off, comes back a touch into Watson and he deflects it to short third man;
4.5;1;Cusack to Warner, 1 run nicely timed off the back foot, pinged it to cover who dives and gets his left hand on it but can only parry the ball away;
4.4;1;Cusack to Watson, 1 run very full outside off, a booming drive from Watson although not quite timed and mid-off dives to his right to cut it off;
4.3;?;Cusack to Watson, no run full on middle and off, pushed towards midwicket;
4.2;?;Cusack to Watson, no run full outside off, driven into the off side;
4.1;1lb;Cusack to Warner, 1 leg bye outside leg stump, the bowler is fortunate that this takes the pad into the leg side;
4.1;1w;Cusack to Warner, 1 wide starts down the leg side with a wide, Wilson takes it neatly and whips off the bails;
3.6;6;Johnston to Watson, SIX runs poor line again, on leg stump and flicked effortlessly over deep square-leg...didn't use brute force there, just timing;
3.5;?;Johnston to Watson, no run slower ball on off stump, defended carefully back towards the bowler;
3.4;4;Johnston to Watson, FOUR runs width outside off this time, Watson just stands there and drives dismissively through the off side...power and placement;
3.3;4;Johnston to Watson, FOUR runs dragged down short and that's easy for Watson as he pulls it strongly backward of square...sat up nicely off the surface;
3.2;1;Johnston to Warner, 1 run pushed firmly into the off side between cover and mid-off;
3.1;4;Johnston to Warner, FOUR runs powerful drive, Warner offered a touch of width and he unleashes through the line of the ball;
2.6;1;Rankin to Warner, 1 run outside off stump, Warner fetches it into the leg side and will keep the strike at the end of a long over;
2.5;1;Rankin to Watson, 1 run that's more like it, back of a length on off stump and it climbs at Watson taking the handle down to third man;
2.5;1w;Rankin to Watson, 1 wide and another, this is pretty poor from Rankin as another one is speared past the pads;
2.5;1w;Rankin to Watson, 1 wide short ball going down the leg side, Watson doesn't connect with his pull and that's another extra;
2.4;?;Rankin to Watson, no run full outside off, defended firmly into the covers;
2.3;2;Rankin to Watson, 2 runs close! Aims to play this through the leg side and gets a big leading edge that loops over mid-on...that's the use of today's very big bat edges!;
2.3;1w;Rankin to Watson, 1 wide again, poor ball, fired down the leg side by Rankin;
2.3;1w;Rankin to Watson, 1 wide loses his line down the leg side, Wilson does well to get a glove on it;
2.2;?;Rankin to Watson, no run back on off stump, short of a length and defended at the top of the bounce to cover;
2.1;4;Rankin to Watson, FOUR runs deflected away fine, angled into Watson and it takes a thick inside through fine leg and it speeds over the outfield;
1.6;?;Johnston to Warner, no run tight on middle and off, defended to the covers...quiet start from the openers;
1.5;1;Johnston to Watson, 1 run full on the stumps, Watson gets forward and plays across his front pad towards midwicket;
1.4;1lb;Johnston to Warner, 1 leg bye full on leg stump, shapes into Warner and takes the pad to the leg side;
1.3;?;Johnston to Warner, no run well bowled! This zips off the pitch outside off stump and Warner feels for it away from his body as he gets beaten;
1.2;?;Johnston to Warner, no run good length on middle and off, defended towards mid-off;
1.1;1;Johnston to Watson, 1 run on off stump, comes forward and pushes into the leg side;
0.6;?;Rankin to Warner, no run back of a length outside off, driven firmly off the back foot to cover;
0.5;4;Rankin to Warner, FOUR runs dropped in short, Warner goes for the pull and, although he doesn't middle it, there's plenty of power as it goes wide of mid-on and runs away;
0.4;1;Rankin to Watson, 1 run full on off stump, Watson always likes to get forward and does so here with a controlled outside edge to third man;
0.3;1;Rankin to Warner, 1 run very full, going for the yorker, turned away backward of square and short fine-leg comes around;
0.2;?;Rankin to Warner, no run touch fuller outside off, pushed into the covers;
0.1;?;Rankin to Warner, no run starts back of a length, takes Warner's pad and bobbles down by his feet;

Quick turnarounds in these matches. The Australia openers are not there now. Warner and Watson are a formidable pairing. Boyd Rankin with the new ball...
 Innings Start
Ireland
Australia
2nd Match, Group B (D/N), Colombo (RPS), Sep 19 2012, ICC World Twenty20
123/7
125/3
Player of the match is Shane Watson, AUS
Australia won by 7 wickets (with 29 balls remaining)
