Data
9.10pm Welcome back...can England make a game of this? Richard Bedwell: "It's only the 2nd time Buttler's faced more than 15 balls in a T20I and ended up with a strike rate less than 100 - both against Australia. It's also the joint highest number of balls he's faced, though he got 73* last time" Also one of the slowest 45+ scores in T20Is
8.50pm Australia will certainly take that. England could never get going and, despite Jos Buttler being out there for more than 15 overs, they fall someway short of 150, which is roughly par for T20s at the MCG. A measure of how he had to play the anchor was that Buttler was the only batsman to score at less than a run a ball - only the second time he has been shackled like that in an innings of 20+ (coincidentally, the other was at the MCG, too, when they made a similar total and lost by eight wickets). Kane Richardson and Billy Stanlake shared the majority of the wickets but all the bowlers played their part. Have the England attack got a similarly miserly performance up their sleeve? Find out with Gnasher in 15
19.6;W;Kane Richardson to Buttler, OUT pitched up, slogged down the ground... and Agar snags it on the run! Another excellent catch, Australia have been good in the field again, Buttler falls from the last ball looking for a boundary to finish a luke-warm effort. Seemed like he might have got hold of it, a flat, straight hit but taken smartly racing across to his left;Jos Buttler c Agar b Richardson 46 (68m 49b 3x4 0x6) SR: 93.87;
19.5;1;Kane Richardson to Jordan, 1 run full, slower at 117kph and Jordan can only whack one through cover;
19.4;1;Kane Richardson to Buttler, 1 run Buttler backs off, Richardson spears the ball in full towards the blockhole, he can only dig out one down the ground;
19.3;2;Kane Richardson to Buttler, 2 runs short, Buttler hammers a pull towards deep midwicket, they come racing back and he dives to make sure of two;
19.2;W;Kane Richardson to Willey, OUT got him, top-edged into the covers! Richardson took the pace off and Willey's big heave only succeeds in giving him the heave ho... Warner again calmly underneath to complete the dismissal;David Willey c Warner b Richardson 10 (10m 6b 2x4 0x6) SR: 166.66;
19.1;4;Kane Richardson to Willey, FOUR runs short, Willey swings hard, top-edges four over the keeper! Been England's most productive shot, that;
18.6;2;Tye to Buttler, 2 runs full outside off, 117kph as Buttler sweeps, down on one knee looking to manufacture something, gets a couple wide of fine leg;
18.5;1;Tye to Willey, 1 run floated up and flipped into the deep midwicket area for one;
18.4;?;Tye to Willey, no run full and straight and edged into the pads swinging hard to leg;
18.3;4;Tye to Willey, FOUR runs up periscope! Short and taking the pace off, loopy bumper on leg stump and Willey delicately taps it wide of Carey for four;
18.2;1;Tye to Buttler, 1 run fires in the yorker, 137 kays on middle and leg, Buttler was standing on off stump and did well to dig it out down the ground for one;
18.1;1;Tye to Willey, 1 run angled across and Willey dabs it behind point;
17.6;2;Stanlake to Buttler, 2 runs length, 142kph and heaved into the leg side, won't get to the rope and it lands safely between two boundary riders for a couple more;
17.5;?;Stanlake to Buttler, no run again Buttler is low and into position for the leg-side scoop, can't connect and I think it flicked the pad on the way through to Carey, so no wide this time;
17.5;1w;Stanlake to Buttler, 1 wide moves across looking for the ramp, fired leg side;
17.4;4;Stanlake to Buttler, FOUR runs edged past the leaping Carey for four! Only his third boundary, gets a bit lucky but it flew beyond the fingertips;
17.3;W;Stanlake to Billings, OUT gone - slugged into the air and Warner takes it at mid-off! Billings' brief flurry is dealt with, Stanlake is a hard man to hit down the ground often, this was just too quick and his cross-batted mow lobbed up off the top edge;Sam Billings c Warner b Stanlake 29 (30m 23b 4x4 1x6) SR: 126.08;
17.2;4;Stanlake to Billings, FOUR runs short and clubbed down the ground now, clears mid-on and it races away for four more;
17.1;4;Stanlake to Billings, FOUR runs length outside off, Billings makes room and rifles a drive past cover into the unguarded part of the ground;
16.6;?;Tye to Buttler, no run slower delivery, Buttler is sets for the reverse-pan handle over backward point... but completely fails to connect;
16.6;1w;Tye to Buttler, 1 wide another knuckleball goes wrong as Buttler charges out;
16.5;2;Tye to Buttler, 2 runs back of a length and pulled, gets a couple towards deep backward square leg;
16.4;?;Tye to Buttler, no run goes short and Buttler can't get it away, swatted down into the off side;
16.3;1;Tye to Billings, 1 run comes forward and drills down the ground;
16.2;4;Tye to Billings, FOUR runs short and reverse-hoicked over gully, almost goes all the way! Coming forwards, ambitious shot, maybe expecting the slower ball but it flew off the top edge for a one-bounce four;
16.2;1w;Tye to Billings, 1 wide out the front of the hand but this swerves outside the tramlines;
16.1;1;Tye to Buttler, 1 run slower outside off and mistimed through point;
11.6;1;Stanlake to Billings, 1 run touch full and leg side but Billings neat clip goes straight to deep midwicket for a single;
11.5;?;Stanlake to Billings, no run fired in straighter, 142kph and hitting the splice as Billings defends;
11.4;?;Stanlake to Billings, no run length, 145kph/90mph and sizzling into the gloves as Billing dances down and fails to connect with a push drive;
11.3;1;Stanlake to Buttler, 1 run squeezes down on the ball and gets a single through backward point;
11.2;?;Stanlake to Buttler, no run full in the channel, driven past extra cover but Warner races from mid-off to intercept;
11.1;?;Stanlake to Buttler, no run length outside off and Buttler can't get it away;
10.6;?;Tye to Billings, no run fullish on off, comes down and again can't get the ball away;
10.5;?;Tye to Billings, no run full speed, good length and punched square, terrific bit of fielding from Maxwell at point prevents one;
10.4;W;Tye to Vince, OUT bowled 'im! Vince suckered by the slower ball! Loopy, seductive knuckleball from Tye but Vince never picked it, backing away to try and lash through cover, the ball dips to hit off and send him on his way;James Vince b Tye 21 (34m 21b 2x4 0x6) SR: 100;
10.3;1;Tye to Buttler, 1 run short, 125kph and Buttler jumps into a swivel-pull to deep square leg;
10.3;1w;Tye to Buttler, 1 wide banged in short and slightly leg side;
10.2;1;Tye to Vince, 1 run steered through cover point;
10.1;?;Tye to Vince, no run legcutter outside off, bottom-edged into the leg side as Vince comes down;
9.6;1;Agar to Vince, 1 run fired into the pitch, short but skipping on as Buttler forces it away through midwicket, just a single again;
9.5;2;Agar to Vince, 2 runs flat on leg stump, Vince clips it away square to the sweeper;
9.4;1;Agar to Buttler, 1 run floated up on middle and leg, Buttler works it through mid-on for one more;
9.3;?;Agar to Buttler, no run bit of flight, tossed up on off and tapped into the covers where Agar chases it down;
9.2;1;Agar to Vince, 1 run looped up and Vince comes down, whips a single through the leg side;
9.1;1;Agar to Buttler, 1 run darted in on the pads and worked to short fine leg for a quick single;
8.6;1;Stoinis to Buttler, 1 run fired in full on the stumps and clipped through midwicket;
8.5;4;Stoinis to Buttler, FOUR runs full on off, Buttler had dummied a shimmy to leg and instead just stays still and crunches a drive past extra cover for four;
8.4;1;Stoinis to Vince, 1 run another cutter, 110kph and Vince waits on it, dabs square;
8.3;?;Stoinis to Vince, no run taking the pace off, short and Vince cloths a pull towards midwicket, lands short but there's no time to steal a run;
8.2;1;Stoinis to Buttler, 1 run angled in with the arm and tucked into the leg side;
8.1;1;Stoinis to Vince, 1 run length, 133kph outside off, dabbed down to third man;
7.6;2;Agar to Buttler, 2 runs nicely placed by Buttler, working against minimal turn and he nudges square off his pads for a couple;
7.5;1;Agar to Vince, 1 run angled flat on the stumps, quick and straight again, Vince steps down and tickles one to midwicket;
7.4;?;Agar to Vince, no run tossed up and Vince mistimes a push back to the bowler;
7.3;?;Agar to Vince, no run fired quick, 100kph and leg side, hits the pads;
7.2;1;Agar to Buttler, 1 run darted in much quicker and Buttler forces it away through cover point to bring up the England 50;
7.1;?;Agar to Buttler, no run tossed up nicely on off and Buttler prods it away towards extra cover;
6.6;3;Tye to Buttler, 3 runs full on off, Buttler crunches a drive wide of mid-off for a few;
6.5;1;Tye to Vince, 1 run slashed wide of the keeper! Thick outside edge on the drive from Vince, single to third man;
6.4;?;Tye to Vince, no run slower ball in the channel, swing and a miss;
6.3;?;Tye to Vince, no run panic at the disco... but Tye drops the ball trying to run out Buttler! Vince's pull picked out midwicket but Buttler had gone racing down,Finch's throw bounced up and Tye looked to have it in his hands but let go just as he was breaking the stumps. Would have been tight, Buttler maybe got his bat back;
6.2;1;Tye to Buttler, 1 run angled in on the stumps and worked away;
6.1;2;Tye to Buttler, 2 runs short ball, whipped off the hip and into a gap at deep square for a couple;
5.6;1;Stoinis to Buttler, 1 run fullish outside off and Buttler drills the ball to mid-off, this time Warner goes for the non-striker's end but Vince looked to be home safely;
5.5;?;Stoinis to Buttler, no run pitched up and punched towards mid-on;
5.4;4;Stoinis to Buttler, FOUR runs dug in short, Buttler pulls and the ball flies off the top edge, but he gets it fine of deep backward square leg! Almost went all the way, in the end - bit streaky though;
5.3;?;Stoinis to Buttler, no run comes across and defends;
5.2;?;Stoinis to Buttler, no run short, 127kph and Buttler gets in a bit of a tangle trying to pull, loops off the toe but into the gap between mid-on and midwicket;
5.1;1;Stoinis to Vince, 1 run length ball, angling in and worked away off the hip;
4.6;1;Kane Richardson to Vince, 1 run length around off and Vince taps another single into the off side;
4.5;1;Kane Richardson to Buttler, 1 run comes across and pats the ball down square, Vince is more assertive this time and calls them through, the underarm from point misses anyway;
4.4;?;Kane Richardson to Buttler, no run oh, my word, almost another run-out! Buttler didn't do his partner any favours here, "Yes... No!" the call as he pushed towards cover and Maxwell had time to line up the throw but missed with Vince well out of his ground;
4.3;?;Kane Richardson to Buttler, no run length, tapped downs square;
4.2;?;Kane Richardson to Buttler, no run ooh, beats the outside edge, 133kph and a bit of nibble as Buttler feels for it;
4.1;?;Kane Richardson to Buttler, no run shortish and defended coming across;
3.6;W;Stanlake to Malan, OUT tip and run, but there's a direct hit from mid-off! Malan is short! Brilliant work from Warner, collecting low down and releasing a right-arm rocket in one fluid movement - both feet in the air as he lets go - and Malan just keeps on running! He knew he was in trouble but it still required a lightning pick up and release to catch him short of his ground;Dawid Malan run out (Warner) 10 (16m 10b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
3.5;4;Stanlake to Malan, FOUR runs short, 140kph and ramped over gully for four! Nicely played, using Stanlake's pace and it bounces to the rope;
3.4;1;Stanlake to Vince, 1 run in the channel, 145kph and worked into the leg side as Vince moves across;
3.3;1;Stanlake to Malan, 1 run back of a length, worked off the hip;
3.2;2;Stanlake to Malan, 2 runs pitched up, 148kph and Malan pings it off his toes through midwicket for a couple;
3.1;?;Stanlake to Malan, no run short of a length, Malan goes to pull;
2.6;4;Kane Richardson to Vince, FOUR runs and again, Carey only able to get fingertips on it! This was closer to him as he tried to cut, flew off the top edge but the keeper couldn't quite grab it despite an impressive dive. Slip had gone wider, too;
2.5;4;Kane Richardson to Vince, FOUR runs short and wide and slashed between slip and gully for four! Saw a few of those during the Tests, but there's not so much protection here and Vince picks up a first boundary;
2.4;1;Kane Richardson to Malan, 1 run short ball, 133kph and swivel-jabbed for one through midwicket;
2.3;1;Kane Richardson to Vince, 1 run pitched up in the channel and Vince strokes one to the cover sweeper to get going;
2.2;W;Kane Richardson to Roy, OUT slightly short, Roy hangs back and tries to guides to third man - but nicks it to the keeper instead! Richardson strikes now, bit of a freebie as Roy got a bit casual rather than going hard, scraped the toe of the bat through to Carey. England two down early;Jason Roy c ?Carey b Richardson 8 (14m 7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 114.28;
2.1;1;Kane Richardson to Malan, 1 run short of a length and tucked off the hip for one;
1.6;1;Stanlake to Malan, 1 run fired in full and Malan gets a chunk of bat in it, mid-on cuts it off as they scuttle through;
1.6;1w;Stanlake to Malan, 1 wide banged in very short, all height and no trousers this time, not troubling the batsman;
1.5;?;Stanlake to Malan, no run oof, that has ripped through, touching 150kph/93mph and decking away as Malan feels for it and is beaten;
1.4;?;Stanlake to Malan, no run hits the pitch hard, Stanlake pushing the gun up to 148kph again, Malan tries to pull his first ball and splices short of midwicket;
1.3;1;Stanlake to Roy, 1 run length, 148kph outside off, dabbed to third man on the back foot;
1.2;W;Stanlake to Hales, OUT Hales smashes the ball into the air, it's high but overs Finch at mid-on... oh, taken at the second attempt on the run! Stanlake strikes second ball thanks to an excellent catch over his shoulder by Finch. Hales, playing his 50th T20I, fails in an attempt to assert himself early;Alex Hales c Finch b Stanlake 3 (7m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
1.1;?;Stanlake to Hales, no run length outside off, rising up as Hales stabs it towards point;
0.6;4;Kane Richardson to Roy, FOUR runs back of a length, Roy latches on and cracks the ball through midwicket, beats the man on the ring and it races away for the first boundary of the day;
0.6;1w;Kane Richardson to Roy, 1 wide shortish, big swing and a miss from Roy - too close to the tramlines, though;
0.5;?;Kane Richardson to Roy, no run dug in, 135kph and climbing through as Roy comes down and bails out of an attempted pull;
0.4;3;Kane Richardson to Hales, 3 runs slightly wayward again, dragged down and there's room for Hales to swing his arms at his first ball and clock it through the covers, Warner giving chase to prevent four;
0.3;1;Kane Richardson to Roy, 1 run banged in short and Roy swivels on a pull to the man at deep square leg;
0.2;?;Kane Richardson to Roy, no run length, rising to hit the splice as Roy presses on to the front foot;
0.2;1w;Kane Richardson to Roy, 1 wide short, 135kph and veering down the leg side;
0.1;2;Kane Richardson to Roy, 2 runs back of a length, Roy prods and gets a thick inside edge past his stumps for a couple to fine leg as they come haring back;

Kane Richardson, who recently opted out of the IPl auction in order to focus on winning a Test cap, will start us off...
7.15pm: Right, we're almost ready to go. The crowds are filtering into the MCG with all the vigour of fizzy Australian nectar, and England will be out to have a wild thrash shortly. Who's up for it?
"Way too many top-order players in this Aussie line-up?" wonders, Aditya. To which Sahil concurs: "Aus has effectively 6-7 opening options based on BBL"
"Can anybody tell me why moeen ali is not playing?" Certainly can, Umer: he's not in the squad (because he's having a well-earned rest)
7.05pm: Wee bit blustery at the MCG and there have been some showers around, so Warner taking the straightforward approach of making England set a target. The game on Wednesday was ultimately a comfortable win for Australia but it might have been a lot closer if Jason Roy had stepped a yard further in to take a skied catch off eventual-centurion Glenn Maxwell (not to mention Alex Hales' drop earlier in the innings). Can Australia be knocked off their stride at the 'G or will they finish as they started against England in Brisbane back in November?
"Hard luck for Wood. Thought he was England's best last game," muses Justin. "Curran is a talent but is getting a little predictable as time goes on. Has a great slower ball but we are yet to see his quick one!" Did you see the Perth ODI? He's worth England sticking with, certainly in white ball, I'd say
"Thanks for the commentary this summer guys, and thanks for publishing my comments with reasonable frequency (incriminating photos now destroyed)," claims Ryan, although that won't stop us coming over all Operation Treadstone if it turns out he's lying
6.50pm: Australia win the toss and bowl, Warner continues with his 100% record at the toss and exercises the option to chase again. Aaron Finch is fit to return at the top of the order, with Travis Head making way. England have made a couple of changes, with Morgan missing out: Vince is his replacement, while Liam Dawson brings another spin option, Mark Wood the man to make way.
Australia: 1 David Warner (c), 2 Aaron Finch, 3 D'Arcy Short, 4 Chris Lynn, 5 Glenn Maxwell, 6 Marcus Stoinis, 7 Alex Carey (wk), 8 Ashton Agar, 9 Andrew Tye, 10 Kane Richardson, 11 Billy Stanlake
England: 1 Jason Roy, 2 Alex Hales, 3 Dawid Malan, 4 James Vince, 5 Jos Buttler (capt/wk), 6 Sam Billings, 7 Liam Dawson, 8 David Willey, 9 Adil Rashid, 10 Chris Jordan, 11 Tom Curran
6.45pm: Bit of news coming out of Melbourne: Eoin Morgan will miss this game with a groin problem, meaning Jos Buttler will captain England in his stead. James Vince seems set to come into the XI.
Meanwhile, here's Worzel with news from down under: "Evening Alan, finished bowls this arvo just in time, as armageddon broke in the form of wind, rain then tumultuous hail with flash flooding and downed trees a-plenty. Less than five minutes later out comes the sun...summer weather, eh?! We are only 70km away in Geelong. Any weather news from The 'G." Looks pretty clear, from the pictures I've seen
And Mustafa Moudi has spotted this: "Maxwell under Warner in T20I: 371 Runs (2 Tons & a Half-Century)with an Ave of 185.50 & S/R of 193.23 and picked 3 Wickets as well. He is Definitely Warner's Trump card"
6.35pm: G'day, folks. It's the last hurrah of the Australian international summer, with the hosts looking in good nick. David Warner's side are two from two in the Trans-Tasman T20 and looking to beat England for the second time in four days tonight at the MCG. England, meanwhile, will be seeking a more rounded performance, after going off half-cocked in Hobart, and a win to keep them in solid contention for the final. Dan Brettig's preview will set the scene and we'll bring you the toss and teams in 15 mins.
 Innings Start
Australia win by seven wickets and are in the tri-series final. That's a thrashing for England. So it's a race between them and New Zealand to join the Aussies at Eden Park. Australis superb from start to finish today, never let England get away in the field and closed out the chase in style. They put the pitch in perspective, not half as tricky as England made it look. There's some pondered for Eoin Morgan (injured today) and Trevor Bayliss to do about the T20 side. The tournament now moves across the Tasman, with New Zealand facing England in Wellington on Tuesday. Kane Richardson has been named Man of the Match.
Jos Buttler "Another poor performance, we didn't quite soak up the pressure. It never felt like we had enough, the power of Australia proved too much. We haven't performed to our abilities yet which is disappointing but we'll look forward to New Zealand."
Kane Richardson "When you've got Ashton and Marcus bowling well it takes the pressure off. Everyone seems to know their roles."
David Warner "The players have been in tremendous form and there are playing fearlessly. The wicket had a little bit in it, the way we executed was outstanding and the way the batsmen finished it off. Credit to the bowlers, they set their own fields. I love going over to New Zealand and we are looking forward to the challenge.
And that wraps things up for today. We'll be back when the series resumes in Wellington on Tuesday but for now you can head over and join the action from Johannesburg. For now, from Alan and Gnasher it's goodbye and see you next week.
14.3;6;Willey to Finch, SIX runs back to back sixes to win it! Width outside off, carved high over third man...Finch finishes it on his home ground;
14.2;6;Willey to Finch, SIX runs that's a monster down the ground...gets right underneath a full delivery and swings it into the first tier. That would do well on the golf course;
14.1;1;Willey to Short, 1 run over the wicket, worked off the pads to short fine leg;
13.6;4;Jordan to Finch, FOUR runs full outside off, heaved through the leg side wide of mid-on...nowhere nearly cleanly timed, but's a solid thick inside edge which runs away;
13.5;4;Jordan to Finch, FOUR runs short again, down the leg side, this time Finch catches it up with it and sends it very fine...actually glove rather than bat;
13.4;?;Jordan to Finch, no run short of a length, angled into the pads, goes for a pull but it takes the thigh pad;
13.3;1;Jordan to Short, 1 run a shorter delivery, 107kph, rolls his wrists and pulls to deep square leg;
13.2;?;Jordan to Short, no run full outside leg stump, deflects off the pad to Buttler;
13.1;W;Jordan to Maxwell, OUT and he gets Maxwell...short of a length, a slower delivery, goes for a big mow over the leg side, like Lynn gets a big top edge and it's a simple catch;Glenn Maxwell c ?Buttler b Jordan 39 (33m 26b 3x4 2x6) SR: 150;
12.6;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run full toss, fired in quickly, says 118kph! Whipped to long-on;
12.6;1w;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 wide pushed down the leg side, neat take but that's a wide;
12.5;1;Rashid to Short, 1 run worked off the stumps to deep square leg;
12.4;?;Rashid to Short, no run appeal for a catch down the leg side and Buttler calls for the review...looks like it's clipped pad on the first replay. Hot Spot confirms that;
12.3;?;Rashid to Short, no run angled into backward point;
12.2;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run full and straight, swung down to long-on;
12.1;1;Rashid to Short, 1 run square driven to deep point;
11.6;1;Tom Curran to Short, 1 run poor ball, full outside leg, but only costs a single as it's clipped straight to long leg;
11.5;1;Tom Curran to Maxwell, 1 run big full toss, follows Maxwell, pushed to deep midwicket...just okay for height;
11.4;2;Tom Curran to Maxwell, 2 runs takes a short-of-a-length ball into square leg and it's placed perfectly for the second;
11.4;1w;Tom Curran to Maxwell, 1 wide a slower ball dragged down the leg side;
11.3;?;Tom Curran to Maxwell, no run a short ball over off stump, Maxwell tries to ramp it over the keeper;
11.2;1;Tom Curran to Short, 1 run back of a length at middle and leg, worked off his hip to long leg;
11.1;1;Tom Curran to Maxwell, 1 run a straight full toss is knocked through the leg side;
10.6;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run held back a fraction outside off, driven to the cover sweeper;
10.5;4;Rashid to Maxwell, FOUR runs a touch more of a heave about this one, gets it through midwicket but the placement is good again;
10.4;6;Rashid to Maxwell, SIX runs over long-on! This isn't going to last long...stays in his crease this time, it's a full delivery, times it over the fence;
10.3;4;Rashid to Maxwell, FOUR runs blasted down the ground, a fierce straight drive which splits the deep fielders. He's not hanging around;
10.2;4;Rashid to Maxwell, FOUR runs another reverse, to a back-of-a-length ball, gets it find of short third man...placement perfect;
10.1;1;Rashid to Short, 1 run turned into the leg side;
9.6;6;Dawson to Maxwell, SIX runs and now Maxwell finds the crowd...stand-and-deliver blow over long-on, stayed in his crease, that's a massive over;
9.5;?;Dawson to Maxwell, no run length outside off, cracked to cover;
9.4;1;Dawson to Short, 1 run worked into the leg side;
9.3;2;Dawson to Short, 2 runs this time it's placed neatly through the covers off the back foot...very neat batting;
9.2;6;Dawson to Short, SIX runs and this time he clears all the fielders...this is fuller, it's a skimming drive over long-on;
9.1;4;Dawson to Short, FOUR runs throws his hands through a crunching drive down the ground, delivery was a touch wider outside off, sent it perfectly between long-on and long-off;
8.6;2;Rashid to Maxwell, 2 runs gets this reverse sweep away, over the men at backward point and short third man, but doesn't have the legs to reach the rope as deep point scurries around;
8.5;?;Rashid to Maxwell, no run the googly, not sure he read that one, gets an inside edge to short fine leg;
8.4;2;Rashid to Maxwell, 2 runs moves outside leg stump to open the off side, carves it through the covers but the sweeper can get across;
8.3;?;Rashid to Maxwell, no run brings out the reverse sweep, the ball is outside off, picks out short third man;
8.2;1;Rashid to Short, 1 run more air, fuller and straight, flicked to deep midwicket;
8.1;?;Rashid to Short, no run short outside off, picks out cover;
7.6;1;Dawson to Short, 1 run plays with the turn from outside off, through square leg, they look for a second, there's a fumble but in the end decide against it;
7.5;1;Dawson to Maxwell, 1 run sweeps a good length delivery well in front of square;
7.4;?;Dawson to Maxwell, no run he's forward this time and pushes a length delivery to the leg side;
7.3;?;Dawson to Maxwell, no run well bowled, this is fuller and nearly does Maxwell for length as he plays back;
7.2;1;Dawson to Short, 1 run over the wicket, again a little short, driven down to long-on;
7.1;1;Dawson to Maxwell, 1 run round the wicket, touch short to start with, driven off the back foot to deep cover;
6.6;?;Rashid to Short, no run tries to work this with the spin but gets taken on the pads. Tidy start from Rashid;
6.5;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run gives himself some room outside leg, drives into the covers without much timing;
6.4;1;Rashid to Short, 1 run short of a length outside off, Short works it behind square on the leg side;
6.3;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run whipped from off stump through midwicket;
6.2;?;Rashid to Maxwell, no run full and straight, defended on the front foot;
6.1;1;Rashid to Short, 1 run full outside off, driven to long-off;
5.6;?;Jordan to Maxwell, no run back of a length at off stump, 139kph, defended to the covers;
5.5;1;Jordan to Short, 1 run short of a length, tucked into the leg side;
5.4;?;Jordan to Short, no run a slower ball at the pads, brings an appeal lbw, surely pitched outside leg...they opt against the review;
5.3;W;Jordan to Lynn, OUT and he gets him! The short ball does the trick in the end, Lynn aiming over the leg side, gets a big top edge which Buttler steadies himself underneath. But he's done significant damage in a small chase;Chris Lynn c ?Buttler b Jordan 31 (26m 19b 4x4 2x6) SR: 163.15;
5.2;?;Jordan to Lynn, no run responds with the slower ball, Lynn is through his shot and gets an inside edge into his pads;
5.1;4;Jordan to Lynn, FOUR runs pumped over the leg side! A crunched off the middle of the bat...poor delivery, a low full toss angled in at leg stump, Lynn's bat sweep is immense as he flicks it over mid-on;
4.6;?;Willey to Short, no run full at off stump, dug out back to the bowler;
4.5;1lb;Willey to Lynn, 1 leg bye full at the pads, misses the pad as Lynn as a mighty swing and deflects to the off side;
4.4;6;Willey to Lynn, SIX runs low full toss at the pads, he stands still this time and effortlessly flicks this over fine leg for six. Great wrists;
4.3;?;Willey to Lynn, no run and now another short one, Lynn is well outside leg and attempted a leg-side heave without contact;
4.2;?;Willey to Lynn, no run full, outside leg stump, scoots between Lynn's legs to Buttler;
4.1;?;Willey to Lynn, no run round the wicket, a short delivery, Lynn is across the crease trying to pull through square leg but doesn't make contact;
3.6;4;Jordan to Short, FOUR runs he's timed that wonderfully, a full delivery outside off, gets a stride forward and places it between cover and mid-off;
3.5;1;Jordan to Lynn, 1 run double-bluff, field set for the short ball and he pulls out a yorker, outside leg stump, than Lynn jabs out by his feet;
3.4;?;Jordan to Lynn, no run a short ball, 141kph, Lynn goes for the pull and it scoots over the top edge;
3.3;1;Jordan to Short, 1 run fuller and straighter, at the stumps, tucked into midwicket...certainly no run rate pressure for Australia;
3.2;4;Jordan to Short, FOUR runs just a hint of width outside off and that's some power from Short, cracks it behind point with a thunderous square drive;
3.2;1w;Jordan to Short, 1 wide down the leg side, poor line;
3.1;1;Jordan to Lynn, 1 run full outside off, driven powerful into the covers, there's a hand on the ball to take the pace off it;
2.6;?;Willey to Short, no run back of a length at off stump, defended to point;
2.5;?;Willey to Short, no run beats him again, slightly shorter this time, late movement to take it past the outside edge;
2.4;?;Willey to Short, no run nicely bowled, full outside off with some swing, beats Short as he drives away from his body;
2.3;?;Willey to Short, no run swings to the leg side against a length delivery and only finds fresh air, not far from being bowled;
2.2;?;Willey to Short, no run back over the wicket to Short, full at the stumps, takes him on the back pad...perhaps inside edge, sliding down leg;
2.1;1lb;Willey to Lynn, 1 leg bye this is straighter, fired in at the pads, deflects to the off side;
2.1;5w;Willey to Lynn, 5 wide round the wicket, gets it wrong, speared full down the leg side, and also evades a diving Buttler;
1.6;1;Tom Curran to Lynn, 1 run nearly picks out deep square leg! A big full toss, swung high into the leg side and Billings can't quite reach it;
1.5;6;Tom Curran to Lynn, SIX runs all the way, down the ground! Lynn doing what he talked about in that interview, plundering the ball straight down the ground. Full, in the slot, through the line;
1.4;4;Tom Curran to Lynn, FOUR runs and this time he hammers a slower ball square through the off side, just waited a fraction longer;
1.3;?;Tom Curran to Lynn, no run fuller, outside off, a big swing and a miss as he aims down the ground;
1.2;4;Tom Curran to Lynn, FOUR runs too short, Lynn goes up and over the off side, well clear of the in field and carries a long way towards the rope;
1.1;1;Tom Curran to Short, 1 run over the wicket, good length at off stump, pushed into the covers;
0.6;4;Willey to Lynn, FOUR runs slashed away, full outside off, gives himself some room and carved over point;
0.5;?;Willey to Lynn, no run almost through him like Hobart! Lynn staying on leg stump, there's some swing back on a good length, takes the back leg towards slip;
0.4;W;Willey to Warner, OUT edged, taken! Warner's woes continue. Top bowling from Willey, pushes it up outside off, late swing, Warner pushing hard without footwork and it's a healthy nick to Buttler;David Warner c ?Buttler b Willey 2 (3m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
0.3;?;Willey to Warner, no run good length at off stump, defended;
0.2;2;Willey to Warner, 2 runs just over midwicket! Short of a length, a short-arm whip/pull, a shot that has caused him a few problems, and it narrowly evades the fielder;
0.1;?;Willey to Warner, no run good start, short of a length outside off with a hint of swing and Warner is prodding away from his body without any footwork;

David Willey with the first over...he has a slip in place
 Innings Start
England
Australia
3rd Match (N), Melbourne, Feb 10 2018, Trans-Tasman Twenty20 Tri-Series
137/7
138/3
Player of the match is Kane Richardson, AUS
Australia won by 7 wickets (with 33 balls remaining)
