Data
7.40pm A job very well done for England. Mills took a bit of tap this time, but that was the exception to England's rule. Aside from Aaron Finch's anchoring role of 44 from 49, Australia were indebted to their bowlers for clearing the ropes late on. But with Chris Woakes producing a stunning powerplay spell, it's was catch-up from there. Monga will be here for the chase shortly.
"Coming out nicely, nice when the new ball offers a bit, wickets in the powerplay is my job," says Woakes. "Didn't swing much, so tried to find a length and some movement off the seam. [The catch] I was a bit tight, I thought it had done me, but I stuck out a mitt and thankfully it stuck. We've have taken that chase at the start, if we can keep wickets in hand hopefully we'll bat deep and knock it off."
Vinay: "If Australia need to win this Starc, Hazlewood and Cummins need to produce a performance similar to 2nd innings of Adelaide DN Test against India."
Jasdev: "From 57-5 after 14th, 67 added in last 6 - that's a decent come back!That's the thing with low scoring innings... couple of sixes here n there can make a material difference."
Ajay: "Hope England uses Moeen the batsman today. He was in good form in IPL"
19.6;W;Mills to Starc, OUT slower ball, back of a length, a slash across the line, Buttler stoops to gather, and Australia are all out from the final ball of the innings. Into the wicket, that does the business. And he ends a slightly ropey allocation with his second wicket;Mitchell Starc c ?Buttler b Mills 13 (13m 6b 1x4 1x6) SR: 216.66;
19.5;6;Mills to Starc, SIX runs Angled into the pads, and Starc swivels into a priceless boundary over fine leg! Critical runs to take the target above a run a ball;
19.4;W;Mills to Zampa, OUT slower ball, and could be run out at the non-striker's end! Indeed he is. Reverses the stance, looking to target the fine leg boundary, but can't connect, and Buttler's under-arm is accurate enough for Mills to go the business;Adam Zampa run out (?Buttler/Mills) 1 (8m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
19.3;1lb;Mills to Starc, 1 leg bye bit of extra pace, Mills cuts through the variations, and just zips a quicker delivery into the pads;
19.2;2;Mills to Starc, 2 runs doesn't get hold of a pull to leg, but gets back for two as the shy comes in from wide long-on;
19.1;4;Mills to Starc, FOUR runs loops up the slower yorker, but Starc hangs back in the crease and lumps the drive over long-off. Important runs, even if he seems to have tweaked his back in his followthrough. He continues...;
18.6;?;Jordan to Zampa, no run another yorker, superbly done, Zampa stabs his bat down late to push to backward point. And that's an outstanding evening's work from Jordan. 3 for 17 in four overs and he gets a burst of Metallica on the PA for his efforts. That's the ultimate accolade;
18.5;?;Jordan to Zampa, no run good nut to the tailender, full length, outside off, Zampa makes room to leg, and he can't reach it;
18.4;1;Jordan to Starc, 1 run hauled from back of a length, into the leg side, doesn't get fully through the stroke as backward square tidies up, and they turn down the second;
18.3;1;Jordan to Zampa, 1 run looking for the yorker again, but not quite full enough this time, pushed out to point;
18.2;W;Jordan to Cummins, OUT yorker, gone! Six, six, out for Cummins. No length there for those levers to play with! Just right up to the toes, bursting through a belated push, and now England are surging again;Pat Cummins b Jordan 12 (6m 3b 0x4 2x6) SR: 400;
18.1;W;Jordan to Finch, OUT stunning take at long-off! That's a massive moment at the death, Jordan misses his yorker by six inches, and Finch smokes his drive. It's fast, it's flat, it skids towards a tumbling Bairstow, who makes brilliant ground, flings himself forward, and scoops a killer wicket;Aaron Finch c Bairstow b Jordan 44 (89m 49b 4x4 0x6) SR: 89.79;
17.6;6;Mills to Cummins, SIX runs flogged sublimely, high into the midwicket stands! No Pat-ball from Big Pat! A full-blooded heave through the length, and high into the ring of fire! Now then...;
17.5;6;Mills to Cummins, SIX runs in the slot, and slammed over long-off! Unleash the levers! Clean down the ground. A pulse from Australia!;
17.4;W;Mills to Agar, OUT Pivots into a violent pull, but straight to Livingstone at deep midwicket! That was smoked, and it took a sharp take to pluck it out, giving with the heat of the ball as he pocketed it five metres in from the rope! A timely strike to end a dangerous knock!;Ashton Agar c Livingstone b Mills 20 (28m 20b 0x4 2x6) SR: 100;
17.3;1;Mills to Finch, 1 run thrashed across the line, under-edges another slower ball into the crease and they pinch another single;
17.2;1;Mills to Agar, 1 run slower ball, well pitched on a good length outside off, obliging Agar to wait and wait, and settle for a push to cover;
17.1;1;Mills to Finch, 1 run round the wicket, hacked off a good length, out to wide long-on;
16.6;4lb;Woakes to Agar, 4 leg byes fires in the yorker, exceptionally served up, but the ball skims away past leg stump for byes! Or is it runs? Either way, England review! No bat... did this pitch leg? No, pitched inches outside and flicked the back pad. It's a cruel game, but that's a vital over for Australia!;
16.5;1;Woakes to Finch, 1 run worked to the leg side for another single;
16.4;1;Woakes to Agar, 1 run fuller length, attacking the toes, clipped out to midwicket and they settle for the single;
16.3;6;Woakes to Agar, SIX runs full, straight, in the arc and smoked over wide long-on, like David Miller at Sharjah a couple of hours ago! Huge heave, and these are priceless runs!;
16.2;6;Woakes to Agar, SIX runs another slower ball, a spiralling hoick over the leg side, and though Moeen is back on the rope, he can't cling on! Lost his bearings a touch there!;
16.2;1w;Woakes to Agar, 1 wide slower ball, but gets that one wrong, loops down the leg side;
16.1;1;Woakes to Finch, 1 run goes short straightaway, hitting the middle of the pitch on an arrow-straight line, pulled without power to the leg side;
7.6;?;Livingstone to Wade, no run a really slow offbreak as Wade steps out. He drives this to the left of Livingstone but not left enough as he puts in a dive to save a single;
7.5;1;Livingstone to Finch, 1 run slider, into the pads, worked away for a single;
7.4;?;Livingstone to Finch, no run on the shorter side again, but Finch can't get this past cover and lets out a frustrated yell;
7.3;2;Livingstone to Finch, 2 runs legbreak, short of a length, Finch goes back to cut this to the left of deep cover for two;
7.2;1;Livingstone to Wade, 1 run and he bowls an offbreak to the left-hand batter. He does this often. Driven to long-off for one;
7.1;1;Livingstone to Finch, 1 run goes back to late-cut this past point for one;
6.6;?;Rashid to Wade, no run legbreak, pitched just outside off, turns back in, defended back to him;
6.5;4;Rashid to Wade, FOUR runs looks like the slider, Wade plays it off the pitch and has enough time to go back and late-cut it between slip and short third man;
6.4;1;Rashid to Finch, 1 run tossed up just outside off, driven to sweeper-cover for one;
6.3;1;Rashid to Wade, 1 run nice inside-out drive to long-off to get off the mark;
6.2;?;Rashid to Wade, no run nicely flighted legbreak, defended outside off;
6.1;W;Rashid to Stoinis, OUT a double appeal for lbw and catch at slip but In think he has been given out lbw. A big googly that Stoinis doesn't pick and plays a forceful shot. The ball hits the pad, which draws an appeal, which gets bigger as it lobs up to slip. Stoinis doesn't review. Does that mean he nicked it? Does that mean he feels he is plumb? Replays show there is no edge. He is dead plumb in front of middle and leg;Marcus Stoinis lbw b Rashid 0 (14m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
15.6;1;Jordan to Finch, 1 run yorker, speared in well, Finch sees it coming and nudges the single to cover. He'll keep the strike with four overs to go, and well, a total of 120 the limit of their ambitions?;
15.5;4;Jordan to Finch, FOUR runs too short, too wide, a very rare freebie, and Finch lamps the cut through backward point. While he remains, so too does a total to defend...;
15.4;1;Jordan to Agar, 1 run crashed into the covers, utterly flogged off the good length, but Morgan at short cover does well to intercept a stinger. Three runs saved;
15.3;1;Jordan to Finch, 1 run on the back foot, clothed into the covers for another single;
15.2;1;Jordan to Agar, 1 run hits the deck harder, Agar climbs through the pull but it's not timed. The long-on sweeper mops up;
15.1;?;Jordan to Agar, no run round the wicket, back onto the stumps, and blocked to the off side;
14.6;?;Mills to Finch, no run banged in short, Finch barely breaks his stance, fishing for the wide on height, but that's good enough for the umpire. An important dot to close out the over, as Mills recovers well from those two early blows;
14.5;1;Mills to Agar, 1 run over the wicket, tucked off the legs, out to midwicket;
14.4;1;Mills to Finch, 1 run there's the effort ball! Banged into the deck at 87mph/140kph, and Finch splices his pull, into no-man's land at short midwicket;
14.3;?;Mills to Finch, no run better ball! Round the wicket, hits the seam, leaps past the edge as Finch opens the face;
14.2;4;Mills to Finch, FOUR runs opens the face, and crushes a back-foot drive through the covers! Too full and floaty from Mills, quicker on, but quicker off the bat too;
14.1;4;Mills to Finch, FOUR runs slower ball, but Finch picks that one well enough! Looked like the looping back-of-the-hander, dipping in the arc outside off, and clubbed hard through the line;
13.6;?;Livingstone to Agar, no run off-stump line from round the wicket, stabbed out to point. England giving nothing away here;
13.5;1;Livingstone to Finch, 1 run firmly forward, head over the ball, pushing for the second but thinking better of it;
13.4;1;Livingstone to Agar, 1 run leaning back to cut the offbreak, gets under the stroke a touch but it loops safely through point;
13.3;1;Livingstone to Finch, 1 run outside off, and chopped down to backward point;
13.2;1;Livingstone to Agar, 1 run on the back foot, flicked off the pads, but can't find any gap there;
13.1;?;Livingstone to Agar, no run poked to the leg side;
12.6;?;Rashid to Finch, no run googly, doesn't pick it! But a thin inside-edge saves the plumb lbw! Zoinks;
12.5;1;Rashid to Agar, 1 run outside off, chopping the googly to backward point. Another single;
12.4;?;Rashid to Agar, no run makes room to leg, but this one slides on into a back-foot punch to cover;
12.3;?;Rashid to Agar, no run legbreak to the leftie, Agar tightens up in defence to block;
12.2;?;Rashid to Agar, no run onto the front foot, pushing hard through the line of the ball into the off side;
12.1;1;Rashid to Finch, 1 run forward to the legbreak and pushed to the on-side;
11.6;?;Livingstone to Agar, no run another excellent over seen off cheaply;
11.5;?;Livingstone to Agar, no run;
11.4;W;Livingstone to Wade, OUT honked down the ground, but straight to Roy on the rope! It's the offbreak from Livingstone, Wade wanted to go clean down the ground, but ended up pulling the stroke fractionally to leg, bat-face closes on the toe of the bat and fails to find the legs! Australia's ropey evening gets ropier still...;Matthew Wade c Roy b Livingstone 18 (24m 18b 2x4 0x6) SR: 100;
11.3;?;Livingstone to Wade, no run back of a length, slapped to the off side;
11.2;1;Livingstone to Finch, 1 run poked off a good length, worked to midwicket around the front pad;
11.1;1;Livingstone to Wade, 1 run round the wicket, looped into the legs and fenced to the on-side with pad and bat together;
10.6;?;Mills to Finch, no run pushed up to mid-off, to complete a tidy enough first over;
10.6;1w;Mills to Finch, 1 wide slower ball, down the leg side, hops through to the keeper, and we'll have that one again;
10.5;1;Mills to Wade, 1 run quicker once more, angling in, back of a length, and fenced away through backward point. Not remotely in control as Mills cranks up the pace;
10.4;4;Mills to Wade, FOUR runs short and wide outside off, extra pace on that, and Wade unleashes on the offering! Doesn't time it, but oodles of power into the uppercut, plopping over the boundary, three metres wide of Moeen at third man;
10.3;?;Mills to Wade, no run slower ball, beautifully served up, on a fuller length, angling into the left-hander, and blocked on the crease;
10.2;1;Mills to Finch, 1 run leg-sided, very full, clipped off the toes, out to wide mid-on;
10.1;1;Mills to Wade, 1 run pushed onto the back foot, round the wicket, poked out to point;
9.6;1;Livingstone to Wade, 1 run down the wicket, drives this offbreak to long-off for one;
9.5;1;Livingstone to Finch, 1 run drift again, worked to leg for one this time;
9.4;?;Livingstone to Finch, no run nice drift in, middle and leg, turn away, defended back to Livingstone;
9.3;1;Livingstone to Wade, 1 run flat, on a length, no turn, he goes back to punch this to deep cover;
9.2;1;Livingstone to Finch, 1 run drags this down, Finch pulls to deep midwicket for one;
9.1;?;Livingstone to Finch, no run accurate legbreak, on a length, middle and off, defended back to him;
8.6;1;Rashid to Finch, 1 run short of a length, Finch goes back to punch it down the ground;
8.5;?;Rashid to Finch, no run again a tight release, bowls a lovely dipping legbreak, beats his sweep, hits the pad, but this has pitched outside leg;
8.4;1;Rashid to Wade, 1 run really close to the umpire on the release, looks like a wrong'un, Wade gets a leading edge past cover for one;
8.3;2;Rashid to Wade, 2 runs slider, Wade goes back to punch this wide of deep cover for two;
8.2;?;Rashid to Wade, no run reverse-sweep, nicely timed, but not past short third man;
8.1;1;Rashid to Finch, 1 run oh he has mis-hit this while looking for a six over long-off but luckily for him, he has mis-hit it bad enough for it to not carry to long-on;
5.6;?;Woakes to Finch, no run down the wicket this time, Woakes pulls the length back and he defends to leg;
5.5;?;Woakes to Finch, no run nicely moving into the ball, punches this length ball down to mid-on;
5.4;?;Woakes to Finch, no run wide on the crease, on a length, wider outside off, punched to mid-off;
5.3;?;Woakes to Finch, no run this one seams the other way as Finch looks to work it to leg with the angle. Off the leading edge it goes to mid-off;
5.2;1lb;Woakes to Stoinis, 1 leg bye short of a length, into the pads, Stoinis gets a leg-bye;
5.2;1w;Woakes to Stoinis, 1 wide starts too straight and the ball moves further down the leg side;
5.1;?;Woakes to Stoinis, no run on a length, just outside off, defended;
4.6;2;Jordan to Finch, 2 runs on a length, straight, clipped off the pads for a couple;
4.5;?;Jordan to Finch, no run and this one seems to have stopped on him as Finch looks to get forward to defend. Plays this uppishly back to Jordan;
4.4;?;Jordan to Finch, no run short of a length, good bounce, defended outside off;
4.3;?;Jordan to Finch, no run seaming in from a length, a little outside off, cramping him up, Jordan even appeals for pad-first, but he has got himself outside the line even if that is the case. And it is not the case;
4.2;2;Jordan to Finch, 2 runs covers the angle and the movement well this time and works this to leg for two;
4.1;?;Jordan to Finch, no run big appeal for lbw, not given, and England review now. Looks like sliding down live time. Pitches on a length, on off, beats his defensive bat with seam movement, hits him in front of leg, and it is clipping the top of leg. England retain the review, but Finch retains his wicket;
3.6;?;Woakes to Stoinis, no run this one seams the other way from a good length just outside off. Stoinis leaves it alone;
3.5;W;Woakes to Maxwell, OUT that is plumb. The bat and the ball are in different post codes. Maxwell, though, reviews with two seconds to go. Woakes with seam movement is a different beast. Stays on the Test-match length, on and around off, and Maxwell has to have a go at some point because this is T20. This one seams past his drive and hits him in front of middle and leg. Australia lose Maxwell and a review;Glenn Maxwell lbw b Woakes 6 (9m 9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
3.4;2;Woakes to Maxwell, 2 runs again off the inside half of the bat as Maxwell looks to punch it to leg. Gets a couple to deep midwicket;
3.3;?;Woakes to Maxwell, no run stays on a length, stump to stump, punched down to mid-on;
3.2;?;Woakes to Maxwell, no run short of a length, moves in again, cramps him up. Maxwell pushes to cover;
3.1;2;Woakes to Maxwell, 2 runs there is still some movement as Woakes stays seam up and on a length. Runs off the inside half of the bat into the leg side;
2.6;1;Jordan to Maxwell, 1 run a touch too straight to start off with, clipped away for one into the leg side;
2.5;?;Jordan to Maxwell, no run on a length, just outside off, headed towards the top of off. Defended to cover;
2.4;1;Jordan to Finch, 1 run this one seams in, past the inside edge, and hits him high on the pad. They get a leg-bye;
2.3;1;Jordan to Maxwell, 1 run slightly on the shorter side, worked to leg for one;
2.2;?;Jordan to Maxwell, no run perfect outswinger. Late late swing. Maxwell's feet are stuck as he pushes. Beaten;
2.1;W;Jordan to Smith, OUT it is all Woakes, it is all Chrises. Smith looks to pull this from well outside off, and the ball doesn't quite come on and lobs up off the toe end. It looks like it will clear mid-on, but Woakes back-pedals and plucks it one-handed above his hand while also being airborne. Great control;Steven Smith c Woakes b Jordan 1 (5m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 20;
1.6;1;Woakes to Smith, 1 run on a length, wicket to wicket, clipped away for one;
1.5;?;Woakes to Smith, no run this one seams back in, and draws a big lbw appeal as Smith is shuffling across. Hit a touch too high on the pad;
1.4;?;Woakes to Smith, no run left alone outside off;
1.3;?;Woakes to Smith, no run and he is squared up by seam movement. Short of a length, outside off, he looks to get behind it in defence, but is done in by late movement;
1.2;W;Woakes to Warner, OUT early wicket. Test-match length but not a Test-match shot. He is walking at Woakes, who drags the length ball a little, but it is the seam movement that does him in. Warner follows the movement with hands and looks to open the face. Edges it through;David Warner c ?Buttler b Woakes 1 (7m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
1.1;1;Woakes to Finch, 1 run shimmies down the wicket to work this length ball to leg for one;
0.6;1;Rashid to Finch, 1 run flatter, on a length, into the pads, worked to leg for one;
0.5;4;Rashid to Finch, FOUR runs flights this but overpitches, and Finch makes him pay for it, going over mid-off. Lovely clean swing;
0.4;?;Rashid to Finch, no run backs away, Rashid follows him with a slider, Finch tries to cut, but can't beat point;
0.3;?;Rashid to Finch, no run down the wicket, beaten in the flight, kicks this away;
0.2;?;Rashid to Finch, no run on a length, on off, slight turn, defended;
0.1;1;Rashid to Warner, 1 run legbreak, on a length, wicket to wicket, no turn, pushed to long-on for one;

Long-on and midwicket back. Warner on strike. Over the wicket goes Rashid
5.58pm Thanks Miller. I will take it from here. For 10 overs. National anthems are done. Warner and Finch in the middle. Not sure if Moeen will open again. Surprise. Adil Rashid is opening. Finch struggled against legspin in the IPL
The chainsaw, the salute, the thigh-five... we have seen many cricket celebrations over the years!
But what's your celebratory move? Record your videos, post them on Instagram Reels with #MyCricketCelebration and #YSOT. The best ones will get featured on our Instagram handle, and the winner gets to interact with an expert.
5.48pm Australia will wear black armbands in memory of Ashley Mallett and Alan Davidson, who both sadly died this week.
Jos Buttler is chatting to Sky, particularly re the importance of the toss. "In knock-out cricket sometimes runs on the board can add to the pressure, that can come off in different ways, but a lot of dew can be challenging, a 10-15 run swing. We just have to adapt to conditions."
5.41pm England win the toss and field... big news. It's a fresh pitch tonight, with a touch more grass. Australia have decided to expand their bowling options in recognition of England's batting power. But doubtless their phalanx of genuine quicks in Starc, Hazlewood and Cummins will enjoy the fresher pitch, regardless of when they get to use it.
Peter: "Happy to live with Morgan's poor showing with the bat if he can keep winning the toss. "
Varun: "5 full time bowlers plus Maxwell and Stoinis..if Steve Smith and Finch roll their arms then Aussies have nine bowling options today..can literally trouble England batters by frequently changing bowlers giving no time to settle for England batters.." I suspect that upshot is a long shot. But yes, there are options out there!
In the USA, watch the match live on ESPN+ in English and in Hindi.
5.33pm Sure enough, England have confirmed an unchanged team. But you're not watching this are you... you're watching Miller Time!

Australia have brought in Ashton Agar as a second specialist spinner, in place of Mitch Marsh. Intriguing.
Australia 1 David Warner, 2 Aaron Finch (capt), 3 Steven Smith, 4 Glenn Maxwell, 5 Marcus Stoinis, 6 Matthew Wade (wk), 7 Ashton Agar, 8 Pat Cummins, 9 Mitchell Starc, 10 Adam Zampa, 11 Josh Hazlewood
England 1 Jason Roy, 2 Jos Buttler (wk), 3 Dawid Malan, 4 Jonny Bairstow, 5 Eoin Morgan, 6 Liam Livingstone, 7 Moeen Ali, 8 Chris Woakes, 9 Chris Jordan, 10 Adil Rashid, 11 Tymal Mills
5.20pm So, it's a top-of-the-table clash today, with England and Australia both two from two. And the early indications from the warm-ups are that England will be sticking to an unchanged XI. There had been some suggestion from Eoin Morgan that both of their injury niggles, Mark Wood and Tom Curran, were progressing nicely. But so too is the team in their absence. David Willey is the other unused seamer to date. All will be revealed soon enough. Here's Andrew McGlashan's preview to further whet your appetite.
Australia's main question is one of bowling balance. They've made do with a fudged fifth bowler, comprising Mitchell Marsh Marcus Stoinis and Glenn Maxwell, and with Adam Zampa in player-of-the-match form against Sri Lanka, they too are likely to stick rather than twist.
As for England's batting, the bedrock of their recent white-ball dominance, there's plenty resting on Jonny Bairstow at the crucial No. 4 position. Can he been England's Zampa Zapper? Matt Roller has the lowdown on his recent form against spin.
5.13pm Right, where were we? Things are getting lively over in Sharjah, where South Africa are reaching the crunchy part of their chase. EDIT.... VERY crunchy...
And we are roughly 15 minutes away from the toss in Dubai. And given what we've seen so far from teams fielding first in this tournament, that might not be an insignificant factor...
Srividya : "Dew Dew Stay Away! Tough to keep you at bay! Little Zampa wants Hay! Dew Dew stay away! "
Aayushman: "Backing England to win this. But my heart wants Australia to win. Warner may have found his form"
4.08pm Well hello there. It's England versus Australia in a global tournament. How d'ya like them apples? It's a rare treat on such a stage ? there've been only 16 previous clashes in an ICC event, and the head-to-head is oddly even (so to speak) given Australia's dominance in the trophy stakes.
So, what type of contest might we have in store today? A bit of this? Or maybe this. Or conceivably this. Or, if the Gods are feeling particularly capricious, something like this??
One thing's for sure though. Don't expect anything that happens today to have any bearing on what happens at Brisbane in roughly six weeks' time. Eoin Morgan won't stand for any of this psychological-blow mumbo-jumbo.
The toss is still more than an hour away. So talk among yourselves. Or, preferably, tune into South Africa-Sri Lanka instead?
 Innings Start
9.09pm Just extraordinary stuff. England's net run-rate is now off the scale at 3.95 ... South Africa in second place are at 0.21! And that leaves Australia with some real qualification concerns now. They are languishing on -0.63, and really can't afford another slip-up against Bangladesh and West Indies - two teams who are perfectly capable of giving them a hard time...
Hari: "Nothing against Chris,he bowled superbly well,but it was Woakesy who induced the collapse right??" It truly was. Woakes even took the catch for Jordan's powerplay wicket. But a small quibble for England on a memorable night. From Miller, Monga, Chandan and the team, good night!
Mustafa Moudi : "This Group has a Unique Chain now - Eng defeated Aus, who defeated SA, who defeated WI, who defeated Ban !!"
Here's Liam Livingstone. "It was a pleasure watching that Jos innings, the bowlers have been phenomenal, and Mo's been our best bowler and hasn't even bowled today. Great depth in our line-up, then a pleasure to watch genius at work [in Buttler]. He's the best hitter of a white ball in the world. A clinic of white-ball hitting."
9.04pm Aaron Finch: "When we lost a few wickets in the Powerplay we had to hang in there, get to a total we thought would be defendable if we got it right with the ball. Woakes is a brilliant exponent when there's seam early. We had to bowl them out, no issues there, but Buttler played a hell of an innings. We got off to a poor start, but a couple of days off to recharge, but we'll dust ourselves off and come back for Bangladesh."
Eoin Morgan: "The challenge for us is adapting to conditions away from home, we did that really well in the first two games then a big test against a really strong Australian side. Relentless with our lengths and our plans and the bowlers came up trumps. Depending on how the wicket plays you have to have one or two guys to go to, and they came up trumps. The openers look in really good form, Roy MoM against Bangladesh and Buttler following suit. They are all hard ones, we treat everyone with the same respect, it's a tough competition, we go from here to Sharjah for two games in five days."
Sampath notes: "This is Australia's biggest defeat in terms of balls (50) in T20I cricket and their biggest loss in terms of wickets (8) at the men's T20 world cup."
Chris Jordan is Player of the Match for his figures of 3 for 17. "Great bowling effort from the boys, Woakesy and Rash set the tone. Trying to keep it simple, go with the rhythm of the game, hold our length, be nice and straight, and the way the boys batted was unbelievable. I backed my yorkers, stick your strengths and keep improving your game. So many players trying to make the team, but let everything else take care of itself."
8.52pm Wow. That was incredible. For the second World Cup in three years, England thump Australia by eight wickets, and for the second time running, it was a combination of sensational Powerplay bowling and contemptuous run-chasing that did the trick. Chris Woakes led the line with impeccable seam bowling and figures of 2 for 23, Jos Buttler finishes on a stunning 71 not out from 32, with five fours and five sixes. There will be sterner tests... but we all thought that might have been one of them...
Dimkesh: "If you could call a victory as 'comprehensively comprehensive' then this would be it....."
Prasad: "I don't get how people can compare batting first vs. batting second on these pitches. These two teams are not that far apart in terms of skills and Aus bowling is much superior to that of Eng. Ashes will prove this point." Eoin Morgan said this will have no bearing on the Ashes whatsoever. And who are we to argue with him?
11.4;1;Agar to Bairstow, 1 run pressed out to deep point, and England have won with 50 balls to spare!;
11.3;1;Agar to Buttler, 1 run cheeky dint, attempting to pick off the winning boundary past short third, but a valiant hand intercepts;
11.2;1;Agar to Bairstow, 1 run swept behind square, two away now;
11.1;4b;Agar to Bairstow, 4 byes big spin, but too big! A yawning slap down the ground, Wade can't gather, and nor can slip!;
10.6;1;Zampa to Bairstow, 1 run cuffed leg-side once more, doesn't get hold of it but I don't think it's going to matter...;
10.5;?;Zampa to Bairstow, no run blocks out to the off side;
10.4;6;Zampa to Bairstow, SIX runs drops to one knee, and smashed over cow corner! Crikey, this is an utter mangling! The crowd are sent scattering as it lands like a clusterbomb on the seating;
10.3;6;Zampa to Bairstow, SIX runs that's meat and drink for Jonny! Tossed up outside off, and slammed over the fence! A big arcing swing through long-on!;
10.2;1;Zampa to Buttler, 1 run a gallop to the pitch once more, over-runs it a touch and works the ball along the turf to wide long-on;
10.1;6;Zampa to Buttler, SIX runs skippity-dee-dee, down the track again, and launched high and handsome over the bowler again! Absolute carnage, completed with a 'hello sailor' flick of the back leg on contact;
9.6;1;Agar to Buttler, 1 run outside off, and tucked out to point;
9.5;1;Agar to Bairstow, 1 run fuller, dipping into the pads, flicked square to get off the mark;
9.4;?;Agar to Bairstow, no run just back of a length, drawn into the drive into the covers;
9.3;?;Agar to Bairstow, no run onto the front foot, pushed firmly to mid-off;
9.2;?;Agar to Bairstow, no run looped up from round the wicket, fired into the pads;
9.1;W;Agar to Malan, OUT smart bowling. Scrambled seam, wanting to not make it turn. Malan looks for the turn just outside off, but it holds its line to take a faint tickle through to Wade;Dawid Malan c ?Wade b Agar 8 (14m 8b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
8.6;4;Zampa to Buttler, FOUR runs ends the over with a revere-swept four. He is toying around with them. He changes stance early, and it ends up being a full toss on off. Nails it;
8.5;2;Zampa to Buttler, 2 runs oh Zampa sees him coming and tries to bowl a wide to get him stumped. Buttler is in such mood that he doesn't give up on the attacking shot. he manages to chip it over extra cover;
8.4;1;Zampa to Malan, 1 run driven uppishly to long-off for one;
8.3;1;Zampa to Buttler, 1 run flatter, shorter, and he is expecting it with the late-cut. Just can't beat the diving fielder at backward point;
8.2;6;Zampa to Buttler, SIX runs does the field even matter? Buttler leaves the crease early, is not close to the pitch of the ball, which only gives him room to swing his arms through it, and he lofts it miles into the night sky over long-off;
8.1;1;Zampa to Malan, 1 run driven on the up to long-off for one;
7.6;4;Starc to Buttler, FOUR runs short of a length, 136ks, and Buttler smacks it flat over midwicket for four more. This has been some assault on Starc from Buttler;
7.5;4;Starc to Buttler, FOUR runs Buttler just keeps going after Starc. This grip gives away a slower ball, and he stays back to drive the full toss over mid-off, who is in the circle;
7.4;1;Starc to Malan, 1 run full, into the pads, clipped away to fine leg for one;
7.3;4;Starc to Malan, FOUR runs that is a good riposte. Not too short, not too wide, but Malan plays a lovely cut shot through point for four. Stunning timing;
7.2;?;Starc to Malan, no run lovely swinging yorker on middle and leg. Malan just about manages to keep this out. Late swing;
7.1;1;Starc to Buttler, 1 run slower ball, into the pitch, pulled away to deep square leg;
6.6;1;Zampa to Buttler, 1 run down the wicket again, but again too close to its pitch and gets just the single to deep cover;
6.5;?;Zampa to Buttler, no run Buttler keeps hustling, but ends up yorking himself up;
6.4;1;Zampa to Malan, 1 run short of a length, punched down to long-off for one;
6.3;?;Zampa to Malan, no run starts with a googly, defended in front of off;
6.2;W;Zampa to Roy, OUT another reverse, misses this time, big appeal for lbw, not given, and they review it. This one drifts in and turns away ever so slightly, beating his shot and hits him in front of off. The projection shows the ball would have gone on to hit off. So the not-out decision is overturned;Jason Roy lbw b Zampa 22 (36m 20b 1x4 1x6) SR: 110;
6.1;?;Zampa to Roy, no run Roy reverses first up, nails the timing, but hits it straight to short third man;
5.6;1;Starc to Roy, 1 run hits him on the glove with a sbhort one. Roy yanks his hand off the handle upon impact. Gets a single to leg;
5.5;3;Starc to Buttler, 3 runs he has missed this yorker by not more than six inches, but Buttler has stayed back to scoop this over cofer-point. Incredible batting;
5.5;1w;Starc to Buttler, 1 wide half an appeal for a catch down the leg side as Buttler is beaten on the pull, but they are only just trying to get away with the wide. They fail;
5.4;?;Starc to Buttler, no run Starc gets the yorker right, and he still manages to crunch it, but straight to point;
5.3;6;Starc to Buttler, SIX runs an even bigger six. Starc pulls back the length this time, but Buttler sends him 95m over long-on. Just a clean swing of the arms;
5.2;6;Starc to Buttler, SIX runs Buttler is in the mood. He seems to be in a hurry to watch as much football as he can. Drops this full ball over long-on for an effortless six;
5.1;1;Starc to Roy, 1 run a length ball around off, played with soft hands, and they steal a single to point;
4.6;4;Hazlewood to Buttler, FOUR runs that's disdainful. Hangs back to a length ball - perhaps just short of a length - and pulls it over mid-on for four;
4.5;2;Hazlewood to Buttler, 2 runs they steal a second now after pulling this just to the right of deep square leg;
4.4;1;Hazlewood to Roy, 1 run nearly a run-out. Buttler responds to Roy's call even though he has hit this straight to short backward point. Smith misses with the shy, though, and seems to have done a groin or something. He is staying on, though;
4.3;3;Hazlewood to Buttler, 3 runs he has nearly got an extra-cover boundary off a yorker. Incredible shot. He has made room, stayed deep, and then found some power with his hands on the shot;
4.2;1;Hazlewood to Roy, 1 run looks to make room, Hazlewood follows him, and he ends up mis-hitting this to mid-on for one;
4.1;?;Hazlewood to Roy, no run on a length, just outside off, holds its line. Defended;
3.6;?;Agar to Buttler, no run quicker, flatter straighter delivery to draw a dot;
3.5;6;Agar to Buttler, SIX runs that's a biggie. They have been looking to take Agar down for three balls now, and this time Buttler finds the correct distance between him and the ball to be able to swing his arms through it. Over long-off it goes;
3.4;1;Agar to Roy, 1 run goes inside-out for a single to long-off;
3.3;1;Agar to Buttler, 1 run down the wicket, Agar follows him and yorks him up. Dug out for one to long-off;
3.2;?;Agar to Buttler, no run looks like the arm ball. Buttler plays off the back foot;
3.2;1w;Agar to Buttler, 1 wide full and wide down the leg side;
3.1;1;Agar to Roy, 1 run on a length, middle and off, pushed into the covers;
2.6;1;Cummins to Roy, 1 run a bit of a shimmy away from the wicket before he gets back into the original position. Cummins bowls a yorker, which he digs out towards mid-on;
2.5;2;Cummins to Roy, 2 runs slower ball, short of a length, dropped into the leg side for two;
2.4;?;Cummins to Roy, no run yorker, just outside off, dug out back to him;
2.3;6;Cummins to Roy, SIX runs doesn't matter if he missed out on the free hit. Steps out like he can't get out to this one either and swings this length ball clean over wide mid-on for a big six;
2.2;?;Cummins to Roy, no run lovely slower bouncer at 117ks, and Roy is actually done in so comprehensively he doesn't even offer a shot in the end;
2.2;4nb;Cummins to Buttler, (no ball) 3 runs shuffles across to cover the line and then tucks this off the hip to the vacant deep region around square leg. And Cummins has overstepped to turn this three into four and give Roy a free hit;
2.1;?;Cummins to Buttler, no run on a length, top of middle, defended to leg;
2.1;1w;Cummins to Buttler, 1 wide some movement but off the straight and down the leg side;
1.6;1b;Hazlewood to Buttler, 1 bye looks for the ramp but he is early into it and is also done in by some movement into the right-hand batter. He is lucky it moves down the leg side because he has exposed the stumps. Gets a bye as it bounces in front of Wade and he fumbles;
1.5;1;Hazlewood to Roy, 1 run shimmies down again, Hazlewood pulls the length back, and he runs this down to third man for one;
1.4;?;Hazlewood to Roy, no run hits the pad with seam movement back in, but it has started just short of a length and hit him high on the thigh pad;
1.3;1;Hazlewood to Buttler, 1 run some movement back in from a length, and it runs off the inside half of the bat for one;
1.2;1;Hazlewood to Roy, 1 run shuffles across to cover the line here, the ball seams back in, and he is good enough to bring down the bat in time and glance this to fine leg;
1.1;4;Hazlewood to Roy, FOUR runs and a big statement right away. Roy knows Hazlewood can be difficult if allowed to bowl his length. he steps out early and punches this length ball wide of mid-on;
0.6;?;Starc to Buttler, no run and just as I say that, this really full back swings back a little and takes a thick inside edge into the pad;
0.5;4;Starc to Buttler, FOUR runs drags this short, and even though this is wide and angling wider, Buttler pulls this wide of mid-on for four;
0.4;?;Starc to Buttler, no run on a length, 147ks, not much swing, defended just outside off;
0.3;?;Starc to Buttler, no run Starc back to bowling length, around off, defended from the crease;
0.2;1;Starc to Roy, 1 run short of a length, short-arm pull, single to leg;
0.1;?;Starc to Roy, no run on a length, quick, on off, defended;

Thanks Miller. England's game to lose, you'd say, but don't underestimate Australia's achievement. This is the highest score made against England in this tournament. Out come Roy and Buttler. Can the Australia quicks - also their Test-match attack - extract some of the seam movement that England did? Then we could have a game on. Starc with the new ball.
 Innings Start
Australia
England
26th Match, Group 1 (N), Dubai (DSC), Oct 30 2021, ICC Men's T20 World Cup
125
126/2
Player of the match is Chris Jordan, ENG
England won by 8 wickets (with 50 balls remaining)
