Data
6.14pm Oh man this doesn't excite anymore. yet another 400. Some excellent batting but the odds are so stacked in the batsmen's favour the thrill is gone. Warner threatened a triple century today, but fell short of a double. Maxwell threatened breaking the record for the fastest WC hundred, but once again fell in the 90s. Afghanistan were spirited, they bowled well in patches, but they just came up against a really dominating batting unit on a flat pitch. See you in half an hour
49.6;W;Mangal to Marsh, OUT short ball, down the wicket, doesn't quite time this, and he finds deep midwicket with this hit;Mitchell Marsh c Najibullah Zadran b Nawroz Mangal 8 (17m 9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 88.88;
49.5;1;Mangal to Haddin, 1 run driven to long-on;
49.4;4;Mangal to Haddin, FOUR runs full and straight, but he makes room and stylishly lofts this straight of long-on for four that takes this total to the highest WC score ever;
49.3;6;Mangal to Haddin, SIX runs short ball, but he has lofted it back over the bowler's head for a six. Lovely high elbow there;
49.2;1;Mangal to Marsh, 1 run short of a length, outside off, punched down to long-off;
49.1;2;Mangal to Marsh, 2 runs down the wicket to hit this powerfully and straight of long-off. They take a second as he fumbles a little at long-off;
48.6;1;Hamid to Marsh, 1 run full and straight again, mis-hit to long-on for a single. Another excellent over by Hamid;
48.5;1;Hamid to Haddin, 1 run makes room to drive this full ball to deep extra cover for a single;
48.4;1;Hamid to Marsh, 1 run yorker, a low full toss maybe, driven to long-on for one;
48.3;1;Hamid to Haddin, 1 run slower short ball, pulled away to deep midwicket. Another 400 this WC. By the way, Australia have never won a match after scoring 400;
48.2;1;Hamid to Marsh, 1 run quick short ball, hurries him up, hits the high part of the bat, goes for a single off the mis-hit;
48.1;1;Hamid to Haddin, 1 run full and straight, driven to long-on for one;
33.6;?;Shapoor to Warner, no run full, angling in, defended to midwicket. No room there;
33.5;6;Shapoor to Warner, SIX runs this time the yorker goes wrong, and he sends this full toss sailing over square leg for a six. Now this Warner's highest ODI score;
33.4;4;Shapoor to Warner, FOUR runs yorker to Warner as he makes room. Defeats his shot, but the little inside edge carries it fine for four. Unfair game this. Highest by an Aussie in WCs;
33.3;1;Shapoor to Smith, 1 run full toss outside off, driven to deep cover;
33.2;1;Shapoor to Warner, 1 run full and straight, follows his movement away from the stumps. Cramps him up. Pushed to mid-off;
33.1;1;Shapoor to Smith, 1 run yorker from round the wicket, driven to deep cover for one;
32.6;?;M Nabi to Warner, no run defended back to the bowler;
32.5;4;M Nabi to Warner, FOUR runs low full toss, quick too, and he has just timed it down the ground for four. This looks like a single from the time it leaves the bat. Warner is thinking single too, but he has timed it exceptionally well. Beats long-on to his right;
32.5;1w;M Nabi to Warner, 1 wide fires in a wide down the leg side. That's the fear of Warner;
32.4;1;M Nabi to Smith, 1 run arm ball, outside off, opens the face, gets a single;
32.3;1;M Nabi to Warner, 1 run low full toss, drives down to long-off for one;
32.2;?;M Nabi to Warner, no run driven straight to cover;
32.1;4;M Nabi to Warner, FOUR runs offbreak, on off, clears the front leg, goes on a knee and slogs this down straight of long-on for a four that brings up his 150;
47.6;1;Zadran to Haddin, 1 run slower ball, full, on off, dabbed away for a single;
47.5;4;Zadran to Haddin, FOUR runs nice shot. Short of a length, with third man up, and he makes room to open the face late and send it fine of short third man. Dawlat reaches 100;
47.4;1;Zadran to Marsh, 1 run slower ball, short, pulled away to deep square leg;
47.3;1;Zadran to Haddin, 1 run full and straight, pushed to long-on for one;
47.2;W;Zadran to Maxwell, OUT there won't be a fastest WC hundred here. Maxwell yet to score an ODI hundred. Slower ball, half-volley, draws a sort of a mis-hit, and he ends up offering a catch to extra cover. Another excellent innings by Maxwell at the WACA, but still not a hundred for him;Glenn Maxwell c Mohammad Nabi b Dawlat Zadran 88 (45m 39b 6x4 7x6) SR: 225.64;
47.1;4;Zadran to Maxwell, FOUR runs low full toss, he has mis-hit it, but mid-off is up and he has cleared him with ease;
46.6;1;Hamid to Maxwell, 1 run a yorker to end the over. Just the single. Excellent over;
46.5;2;Hamid to Maxwell, 2 runs short ball with mid-on and mid-off up, which is a good option, but Maxwell has managed to pull this over mid-on. Sami Shenwari gives it a spirited chase, and keeps in what looks like a definite boundary;
46.4;?;Hamid to Maxwell, no run low full toss, Maxwell slogs, ends up hitting it straight to mid-off;
46.3;1;Hamid to Marsh, 1 run low full toss, driven to long-on for one;
46.2;?;Hamid to Marsh, no run another yorker, on off, dug out for another dot;
46.1;W;Hamid to Faulkner, OUT that's a lovely yorker. Hassan brings out the mini chainsaw. Inswinging yorker. On the middle and leg. Dips on him too. Beats the inside edge. Possibly takes the toe on the way to the stumps;James Faulkner b Hamid Hassan 7 (15m 6b 1x4 0x6) SR: 116.66;
31.6;?;Shapoor to Smith, no run length ball, angling in, defended from the crease;
31.5;1lb;Shapoor to Warner, 1 leg bye another lovely yorker. Beats the inside edge. Concedes a leg-bye;
31.4;?;Shapoor to Warner, no run lovely yorker, bang on the crease, on middle and leg. Dug out;
31.3;2;Shapoor to Warner, 2 runs misses the yorker by inches, gets a bit of a leading edge as he looks to work this to leg, but it doesn't carry to deep square;
31.2;6;Shapoor to Warner, SIX runs Warner has hit a flat six over deep midwicket. Don't bowl short to him. He is going to murder them. And he has hit a kid on the forearm in the crowd. Poor behaviour around the kid. The adult with him is on the phone and the men around him are diving in front of him to catch the ball. Poor kid is blindsighted;
31.1;6;Shapoor to Warner, SIX runs Warner has made up his mind. Anything with pace on it has to go. Half-volley to start off a new spell, Warner clears the front leg and lofts this over long-on for a six. A good crowd catch, followed by giving it some shine by rubbing it on his groin;
30.6;1;M Nabi to Warner, 1 run shows him the reverse hit but goes back to playing the orthodox way. Nabi fires in a yorker. No luck for him. Warner's bat comes down in time;
30.5;?;M Nabi to Warner, no run crunched away straight to midwicket this time;
30.4;?;M Nabi to Warner, no run goes back to punch this on the off side, but finds cover;
30.3;2;M Nabi to Warner, 2 runs short, flat, pulled wide of long-on for two;
30.2;1;M Nabi to Smith, 1 run turning into the pads, worked away for a single;
30.1;?;M Nabi to Smith, no run flat offbreak, pushed to short straight midwicket;
29.6;4;Zadran to Warner, FOUR runs no luck for Afghanistan. Slower ball, short of length, wide outside off, he still throws his bat it, gets a thick edge, which flies between point and short third man;
29.5;6;Zadran to Warner, SIX runs low full toss, and he has drilled this over long-on for another six. Warner is looking very dangerous here;
29.4;6;Zadran to Warner, SIX runs Warner is in the mood now. Gentle length ball, wide outside off, he is on a knee to drop this over mid-on for a flat six. Warner's first six. Something says first of many;
29.3;1;Zadran to Smith, 1 run full, on the pads, clipped away;
29.2;4;Zadran to Smith, FOUR runs lovely on drive. On a length, middle and leg, he just meets it with a straight face, to beat mid-on to his left;
29.1;2;Zadran to Smith, 2 runs full, into the pads, clipped away for two;
28.6;?;M Nabi to Warner, no run has he dropped him? There is extra bounce here. Warner looks to cut. There is extra bounce. Gone past him. Dharma the umpire looks interested. Afsasr has not hung on to this. This is nearly impossible for a keeper. Quite a thick top edge. It has hit his chest and has fallen down;
28.5;1;M Nabi to Smith, 1 run slower through the air, worked away off the pads for one;
28.4;1;M Nabi to Warner, 1 run flat, into the pads, tucked away for a single;
28.3;?;M Nabi to Warner, no run well bowled, some dip there as Warner is lining him up for a hit over wide long-on. Defended to cover;
28.2;1;M Nabi to Smith, 1 run flighted outside off, driven to long-on for one;
28.1;4;M Nabi to Smith, FOUR runs and brings Smith a gift, a short and wide delivery, which has been cut away past point. Smith brings up his fifty;
27.6;1;Hamid to Smith, 1 run moves inside the line again, and tucks a shortish delivery away into the leg side;
27.5;1;Hamid to Warner, 1 run really full, driven with an open face to deep cover;
27.4;1;Hamid to Smith, 1 run moves across to push this length ball wide of mid-off for one;
27.3;1;Hamid to Warner, 1 run full, angling in, pushed to long-off for one;
27.2;1;Hamid to Smith, 1 run wide length ball, driven with an open face to deep cover;
27.1;1;Hamid to Warner, 1 run full outside off, driven to long-off for one;
26.6;1;Samiullah Shinwari to Warner, 1 run makes room to push this legbreak wide of mid-off for one;
26.5;1;Samiullah Shinwari to Smith, 1 run front of the hand, quicker, flatter, driven to long-off for one;
26.4;?;Samiullah Shinwari to Smith, no run slows this down, gets dip, just outside off, defended back to him;
26.3;?;Samiullah Shinwari to Smith, no run flighted outside off, and Smith gets a thick edge on the drive;
26.2;?;Samiullah Shinwari to Smith, no run flighted outside off, nice dip on the legbreak, defended by Smith;
26.1;4;Samiullah Shinwari to Smith, FOUR runs down the wicket, takes this from middle and leg, whips it past midwicket for four more. Low full toss too. Afghanistan need wickets. And fast;
25.6;4;Hamid to Warner, FOUR runs why do they keep bowling short to him? Warner pulls this in front of square with the front leg in the air. Finds the gap between mid-on and midwicket;
25.5;?;Hamid to Warner, no run low full toss, hit hard down the ground, but can't beat mid-on;
25.4;1;Hamid to Smith, 1 run gets inside the line of a shortish ball and works it to square leg for one;
25.3;?;Hamid to Smith, no run short of a length, angling in, opens the face, can't beat point;
25.2;1;Hamid to Warner, 1 run fuller, angling in from round the wicket, driven to long-off for one;
25.1;4;Hamid to Warner, FOUR runs he has dragged this pull from well outside off and sent it sailing over mid-on. Warner could be thinking 300 here;
24.6;4;Samiullah Shinwari to Smith, FOUR runs flat and wide, he goes back to create the length and cuts it away for four;
24.5;1;Samiullah Shinwari to Warner, 1 run flighted legbreak, Warner looks to open up to play to cover, the ball turns, takes the inside edge, but Warner brings up the 100 nonetheless. This is ridiculously early into the innings for a hundred. I shudder at the thought of his being not out at the end of the innings;
24.4;?;Samiullah Shinwari to Warner, no run tossed up on middle and off, drives hard, but finds short straight cover;
24.3;2;Samiullah Shinwari to Warner, 2 runs full, outside leg, pushed wide of deep midwicket to come back for a couple that takes him to 99;
24.2;?;Samiullah Shinwari to Warner, no run flat length-ball legbreak, defended to midwicket;
24.1;1;Samiullah Shinwari to Smith, 1 run flighted outside off, driven to long-off for one;
23.6;?;Javed to Warner, no run flat, angling in, punched to cover;
23.5;1;Javed to Smith, 1 run stays back to punch this length ball down to long-on;
23.4;1;Javed to Warner, 1 run tossed up on off, driven to long-off for one;
23.3;2;Javed to Warner, 2 runs short of a length, provides Warner with enough time to cut this away in front of cover for a couple;
23.2;1;Javed to Smith, 1 run short of a length, punched to long-on for one;
23.1;1;Javed to Warner, 1 run down the wicket to drive this to long-off for one;
22.6;4;Shapoor to Smith, FOUR runs that's an incredible shot. Moves well across the line, takes this from middle, and glances this wide of short fine leg to hit his first boundary;
22.5;1;Shapoor to Warner, 1 run on a length, into the pads, worked away to deep midwicket;
22.4;1;Shapoor to Smith, 1 run short of a length, outside off, steered away to third man;
22.3;1;Shapoor to Warner, 1 run on a length, angling in, pushed wide of midwicket for one;
22.2;?;Shapoor to Warner, no run short of a length, outside off, Warner looks to pull it, and mis-hits it to long-on;
22.1;1;Shapoor to Smith, 1 run wide length ball, driven to deep cover for one;
21.6;1;Javed to Smith, 1 run fuller, flatter, to protect the over, easy single to long-on;
21.5;?;Javed to Smith, no run nicely tossed up outside off. Slight dip, slight drift. Defended back;
21.4;?;Javed to Smith, no run down the wicket, takes this on the full, pushes it to mid-off;
21.3;1lb;Javed to Warner, 1 leg bye fired into the pads, too straight, Warner is beaten but takes the leg-bye;
21.2;2;Javed to Warner, 2 runs slight straightening of the line from middle and leg, worked into the on side off the back foot;
21.1;?;Javed to Warner, no run on a length, straightens a touch, defended to leg;
20.6;?;Shapoor to Smith, no run nearly a yorker outside off, dug out to cover;
20.5;1;Shapoor to Warner, 1 run full, outside off, driven to long-off for another single;
20.4;?;Shapoor to Warner, no run length ball, middle and leg, pushed to mid-on;
20.3;1;Shapoor to Smith, 1 run wide length ball, driven to sweeper-cover for one;
20.2;1;Shapoor to Warner, 1 run short of a length, outside off, punched down to long-off for one;
20.1;1;Shapoor to Smith, 1 run full, outside off, pushed wide of cover for one;
19.6;1;Javed to Smith, 1 run;
19.5;?;Javed to Smith, no run on a length, turning in, worked away to leg but straight to midwicket lets this offbreak turn and then pushes it down to long-on for one;
19.4;1;Javed to Warner, 1 run driven to long-on for one;
19.3;1;Javed to Smith, 1 run pushed wide of Ahmadi, and Warner is in the way as he tries to field;
19.2;1;Javed to Warner, 1 run flighted, into the pads, Warner down the wicket to push this to long-on;
19.1;?;Javed to Warner, no run tossed up, middle and leg, defended to midwicket;
18.6;1;Samiullah Shinwari to Warner, 1 run short of a length, takes this from in front of leg, and punches this past point for one;
18.5;4;Samiullah Shinwari to Warner, FOUR runs lovely shot. Comes down the track and makes room too, opens up the off side and drives this between mid-off and cover. All along the ground;
18.4;1;Samiullah Shinwari to Smith, 1 run another push down the ground for a single;
18.3;1;Samiullah Shinwari to Warner, 1 run tosses this legbreak up, gets some dip, Warner not quite to the pitch of the ball, pushes this to long-on;
18.2;?;Samiullah Shinwari to Warner, no run on a length, not much turn, pushed to cover;
18.1;1;Samiullah Shinwari to Smith, 1 run full toss outside off, driven to long-off for one;
17.6;?;Javed to Warner, no run quicker, flatter, into the pads, pushed to midwicket;
17.5;1;Javed to Smith, 1 run on a length, turning into the pads, pushed to long-on for one;
17.4;1;Javed to Warner, 1 run short of a length, just outside off, punched to deep cover;
17.3;1;Javed to Smith, 1 run picked away off the toes for a single to deep midwicket;
17.2;1;Javed to Warner, 1 run flighted outside off, driven to long-on;
17.1;1;Javed to Smith, 1 run offbreak, turns into the pads, worked to square leg. Warner's call, he wants one, and Smith is late to start. A direct hit would have had Smith, but the throw misses by inches;
16.6;?;Samiullah Shinwari to Warner, no run flighted on off, drilled down the ground, but straight to mid-off;
16.5;4;Samiullah Shinwari to Warner, FOUR runs short again. Two bad balls this over. Again Warner manufactures room and cuts this in front of square for four;
16.4;?;Samiullah Shinwari to Warner, no run full toss, dipping on him, driven with an open face to short cover;
16.3;2;Samiullah Shinwari to Warner, 2 runs flighted outside off, driven wide of long-off for two;
16.2;4;Samiullah Shinwari to Warner, FOUR runs too short, not too wide, but Warner makes his own room and cuts this away for four past point;
16.1;?;Samiullah Shinwari to Warner, no run full and flat, on the pads, Warner misses out. Is hit on the pad;
15.6;1;M Nabi to Warner, 1 run short of a length, Warner goes back to punch this to long-on for one;
15.5;?;M Nabi to Warner, no run full, dipping on him, driven back at Nabi;
15.4;2;M Nabi to Warner, 2 runs slightly short, punched away straight of deep cover to take a couple;
15.3;1;M Nabi to Smith, 1 run on a length, turning in, worked wide of midwicket for one;
15.2;?;M Nabi to Smith, no run tossed up on middle, Smith charges at him, gets too close to the ball, drives it back to Nabi;
15.1;?;M Nabi to Smith, no run on a length, offbreak, pushed back to him;
14.6;1;Samiullah Shinwari to Smith, 1 run low full toss, driven to long-on for one;
14.5;?;Samiullah Shinwari to Smith, no run nice legbreak. Just outside off, on a good length. Defended;
14.4;1;Samiullah Shinwari to Warner, 1 run tossed up on middle and leg, driven to long-on for one;
14.3;?;Samiullah Shinwari to Warner, no run a touch too short, he is lucky this has been pulled straight to midwicket;
14.2;?;Samiullah Shinwari to Warner, no run flat legbreak, pushed back to him. Not much turn;
14.1;?;Samiullah Shinwari to Warner, no run tossed up, middle and leg, defended back;
13.6;?;Hamid to Smith, no run full, angling in towards off, defended to mid-off;
13.5;?;Hamid to Smith, no run full, angling in, defended back to him;
13.4;?;Hamid to Smith, no run looks to pull from outside off, slightly late into the shot, hit around the midriff;
13.3;1;Hamid to Warner, 1 run slower ball, he waits for it, and punches this to extra cover;
13.2;1;Hamid to Smith, 1 run takes this shortish delivery from well outside off, works it to square leg for one;
13.1;?;Hamid to Smith, no run on a length, outside off, Smith can't get inside the line of this, plays this to point;
12.6;2;M Nabi to Warner, 2 runs tossed up outside off, punched away to deep cover;
12.5;1;M Nabi to Smith, 1 run this is middle and leg, worked away for a single;
12.4;1;M Nabi to Warner, 1 run tossed up this time, nearly yorks the advancing Warner, pushed to long-on;
12.3;?;M Nabi to Warner, no run flatter, fired in, defended from inside the crease;
12.2;2;M Nabi to Warner, 2 runs down the wicket to chip this wide of long-off where Dawlat makes a diving save to save two runs;
12.1;1;M Nabi to Smith, 1 run down the wicket, takes this on a half-volley, drives it to long-on;
11.6;1;Hamid to Smith, 1 run shuffles across again, works this from outside off to square leg for a single;
11.5;1;Hamid to Warner, 1 run tucks him up with a shortish delivery, Warner opens the face, places it wide of point for a single;
11.4;1lb;Hamid to Smith, 1 leg bye moves across again, misses one on off, but the bounce is carrying it over when it hits the pad;
11.3;1;Hamid to Warner, 1 run short-arm pull to square leg for one;
11.2;4;Hamid to Warner, FOUR runs short again, this is chest high, but Warner has still pulled this well. More difficult to control than the earlier freebies he has got, but he has managed to roll his wrists and keep this down. Gets four through midwicket;
11.1;1;Hamid to Smith, 1 run moves across to take this length ball from off and middle, and works this to square leg for one;
10.6;?;M Nabi to Warner, no run flighted outside off, pushed down the ground, but Nabi fields to his right;
10.5;?;M Nabi to Warner, no run quicker, on off, defended from the crease;
10.4;?;M Nabi to Warner, no run down the wicket, not quite to the pitch of the ball, pushes this back to Nabi who dives past Smith to field;
10.3;1;M Nabi to Smith, 1 run this one is full, turning into the pads, worked away for a single;
10.2;?;M Nabi to Smith, no run nice drift as he tosses this up outside off. Defended to cover;
10.1;1;M Nabi to Warner, 1 run length ball, middle and leg, straightens a touch, worked to leg for one;
9.6;1;Hamid to Warner, 1 run short of a length, just outside off, pushed towards long-off for a single that brings up his fifty. If he bats 50 overs, some records might fall;
9.5;4;Hamid to Warner, FOUR runs slower ball, Warner has adjusted superbly and lofted this full ball back over Hamid's head. This is very good batting. How will Afghanistan react to this barrage?;
9.4;?;Hamid to Warner, no run fuller and straighter, pushes this to mid-off;
9.3;4;Hamid to Warner, FOUR runs wide length ball, and Warner is laying into these now. Lofts this over mid-off. Totally crunches this;
9.2;4;Hamid to Warner, FOUR runs shouldn't be bowling so short to Warner. And it is waist high again. Gets inside the delivery and pulls it over square leg;
9.1;1;Hamid to Smith, 1 run full and straight, dug out off the toes for one;
8.6;4;Zadran to Warner, FOUR runs short, shouldn't be bowling that at his pace. Gets only waist high. That's meat and drink for Warner. Four through wide long-on;
8.5;?;Zadran to Warner, no run wide length ball, eases into a drive, but straight to cover;
8.4;2;Zadran to Warner, 2 runs bouncer, higher than the chest, pulled in front of square;
8.3;2;Zadran to Warner, 2 runs pulls from outside off, not short enough, hence this aerial stroke through mid-on. Lucky he has hit this straight of that man at mid-on;
8.2;?;Zadran to Warner, no run short of a length, just outside off, punched away, but straight to cover;
8.2;1w;Zadran to Warner, 1 wide wide length ball, beats his edge, and is unfairly wided. That is nowhere near the tram line. A much wider ball was allowed to go through by Dharmasena. Ordinary umpiring. If these are wided, we might never see the end of this innings;
8.1;4;Zadran to Warner, FOUR runs oh that is crisp. Wide length ball, and he has absolutely crunched this in front of cover with a merciless drive;
7.6;3;Hamid to Warner, 3 runs short of a length, outside off, punched between cover and extra cover, and they run well to complete three;
7.5;1;Hamid to Smith, 1 run full, swinging in, pushed wide of mid-on for one;
7.4;3;Hamid to Warner, 3 runs full, really full, provides him the width too, driven wide of point for three;
7.3;1;Hamid to Smith, 1 run fuller, outside off, he moves across to push this wide of cover for one;
7.2;?;Hamid to Smith, no run cuts him in two. Short of a length, seams back in to pass between the bat and the body of the shuffling Smith. Shout for a catch off the inside edge but more in optimism than conviction;
7.1;2;Hamid to Smith, 2 runs moves across to pick this leg-stump delivery off the toes for a couple;
7.1;1w;Hamid to Smith, 1 wide full outswinger but starts a touch too wide, and is called too;
6.6;?;Zadran to Warner, no run short of a length, just outside off, defended to cover;
6.5;?;Zadran to Warner, no run full and outside off, pushed away from the body. Not in control as he pushes this to cover;
6.4;3;Zadran to Smith, 3 runs short of a length, on around middle, but for Smith that means leg because he moves across. He has worked this around the corner and timed it superbly for three;
6.3;3;Zadran to Warner, 3 runs this time he gets a shortish length with a hint of width, and he has punched this past point for three;
6.2;?;Zadran to Warner, no run more accurate, gets some shape back in to the left-hand batsman. Squares Warner up in defence;
6.1;?;Zadran to Warner, no run full and wide. Just inside the tram line. Warner goes after it, and is beaten. No feet;
5.6;?;Shapoor to Smith, no run good decision by umpire Gough. Short of a length, rib-high, Smith has moved across, and the ball has gone over the fourth stump. Not called a wide;
5.5;?;Shapoor to Smith, no run leading edge as Smith goes across the stumps to work to leg. It rolls along the ground to cover;
5.4;1;Shapoor to Warner, 1 run full, into the pads, pushed wide of mid-on for a single;
5.3;?;Shapoor to Warner, no run short of a length, outside off, punched away, to cover-point;
5.2;?;Shapoor to Warner, no run full, straight and fast, defended to mid-on;
5.1;?;Shapoor to Warner, no run full, angling in, gets some extra bounce, hits him on the thigh pad;
4.6;3;Zadran to Warner, 3 runs outswinger, but too straight, and clipped away off the toes for three;
4.5;?;Zadran to Warner, no run nearly again. This time the sucker delivery. Floated outside off, slight swing away. No feet from Warner as he drives. Beaten;
4.4;?;Zadran to Warner, no run nearly a wicket. Sharpish pace, a length ball, angling away, beats Warner's attempt to punch this through cover. Beats him for pace with the skid-through bounce;
4.3;1;Zadran to Smith, 1 run full outswinger, he moves across to push this wide of mid-off for one;
4.2;?;Zadran to Smith, no run seams away a touch, short of a length, from outside off it goes further away. Left alone;
4.1;?;Zadran to Smith, no run this is fullish and widish, and has been left alone;
3.6;?;Shapoor to Warner, no run length ball, Warner stays back to muscle a punch shot, but hits it straight to mid-off;
3.5;?;Shapoor to Warner, no run full, really full, Warner plays from the crease, waiting for the short ball. Defends in front of his body. To mid-off;
3.4;?;Shapoor to Warner, no run full this time, but too straight, and has been defended to mid-on;
3.3;4;Shapoor to Warner, FOUR runs don't bowl short, SZ. Warner pulls this over midwicket for four. And a soft short ball. Not a mean bouncer;
3.2;?;Shapoor to Warner, no run appeal for a strangle down the leg side. Full, angling down leg, there is a sound as it passes the batsman, there is a deflection too, but just the fact that it has died through to the keeper suggests it has gone off the pad and not the bat. Replays confirm the suspicion;
3.1;?;Shapoor to Warner, no run on a length, angling in towards top of off, defended from the crease;
3.1;1w;Shapoor to Warner, 1 wide gets the length right by bowling full, but concedes a wide down leg;
2.6;W;Zadran to Finch, OUT beautiful over. Perfect seam and swing bowling. A few outswingers, then inswinger from wide on the crease, and ends up with a sucker punch of an outswinger. Full, just outside off, Finch thinks he can drive at it, but it is not quite as full as he expects. Which means there is time for the ball to move and take the edge through to first slip where Nawroz Mangal takes a smart low catch;Aaron Finch c Nawroz Mangal b Dawlat Zadran 4 (14m 9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 44.44;
2.5;?;Zadran to Finch, no run wider on the crease, and bowls an inswinger. Shaping in towards the middle of the off stump. Defended back to him;
2.4;?;Zadran to Finch, no run fuller, almost a half-volley, driven down the ground, Dawlat puts the dive in to prevent any runs;
2.3;?;Zadran to Finch, no run on a length, outside off, straightens a touch, defended again;
2.2;?;Zadran to Finch, no run another outswinger, just outside off, defended off the outer half of the bat;
2.1;?;Zadran to Finch, no run on a length, just outside off, swings away a touch, defended to mid-on;
1.6;1;Shapoor to Finch, 1 run wide length ball, Finch drives hard at it, gets a thick edge that flies by point;
1.5;1lb;Shapoor to Warner, 1 leg bye short of a length, into the body, kisses the thigh pad on the way through, and Afsar makes a good save down the leg side;
1.4;2;Shapoor to Warner, 2 runs inside edge. Good length ball, seams in a touch, takes the inside edge, goes fine of the square fine leg. Dawlat Z fields this with the foot;
1.3;1;Shapoor to Finch, 1 run on a good length, slight seam away from around off, defended from the crease;
1.2;1;Shapoor to Warner, 1 run short of a length, into the body, tucked away off the hip;
1.1;4;Shapoor to Warner, FOUR runs short, not much sting behind it, chest high for Warner and he pulls him away for four. Early lesson for Shapoor to not get carried away with the WACA bounce;
0.6;2;Zadran to Finch, 2 runs full and swinging away, driven wide of mid-off where Hassan makes a half stop. Should have done better really. Concedes an extra run;
0.6;1w;Zadran to Finch, 1 wide wide down the leg side. Just maybe got used to bowling to the left-hand batsman;
0.5;1;Zadran to Warner, 1 run top edge on the swivel-pull, but it doesn't carry to fine leg;
0.4;?;Zadran to Warner, no run fuller, shaping in, defended to mid-off. That's the length he needs to bowl;
0.3;?;Zadran to Warner, no run looks for the pull from outside off, but it is not short enough, and the bottom half of the bat sends it to mid-on;
0.2;?;Zadran to Warner, no run short of a length, stops a touch, pushed in front of square;
0.1;?;Zadran to Warner, no run length ball outside off, angling away, left alone;

Afghanistan players in a huddle. David Warner and Aaron Finch walk out swinging their massive forearms. Dawlat Zadran will bowl the first over with two slips in place for Warner
Matt: "I may be in the minority but I think its risky dropping Watson at this stage of the World Cup. He usually contributes something at no.3 even if he frustrates by throwing it away when set, but his slip fielding, leadership and bowling options makes him worthy of a place in the time in my opinion. The also making the batting look thin with Maxwell coming in at 5."
**
2.25pm National anthems time. Also find a bit of time for a little bit of Attan

2.20pm "2:30 p.m. start would've been appreciated more in the middle of summer where 90% of spectators have to sit through the mid day sun from an 11:30am start (did it twice for SA v Aus). It's really lovely that the spectators watching from their cosy air conditioned rooms in Melbourne have more of a say in when the game starts than those who have to endure the suffering of no shade in 40+ degree heat to watch some cricket. Bugger common sense, say yes to money." ModernUmpsPlz, "Money/ So they say/ Is the root of all evil today."
Mal: "Is it really true? Has Shane Watson really been dropped? What happened? Were the Australian selectors replaced by people who know something about cricket and cricketers?"
BJ: "I'm sure like most I'm happy to see Watson dropped. But even more so I'm pleased to see Smith batting at #3, Haddin at #7, and Faulkner just being in the batting line-up. It just looks like a better batting line-up this way as far as I'm concerned."
Gibbo: "@m?ety: Too bad England and Afghanistan no longer are affiliated. England could have South Africans, Irish and Afghans in the team. Hamid has bowled better than Anderson and Broad in this World Cup. I think Afghanistan vs. England will be a great game!"
Darren: "I think it's a poor decision to drop Watson, at least when he played, we knew we'd have absolutely no contribution from our #3 batsman, now we've replaced him, we're going to be expecting something from Smith or Clarke, and when either fails, it's going to be so depressing! :("
Dave Sims: "Meety...Im curious as to which 3 test playing nations you think Hamid is not good enough to play in?"
**
"Someone should be telling Chris to get back to work, not waste time with idle chit chat on cricinfo! Haha" Yes, Nick, it is almost time for the toss. Almost 2pm. But let us make ourseles clear, we appreciate idle chit chat here at Cricinfo
Michael Clarke and Mohammad Nabi are walking out for the toss. Confirmation that James "The Finisher" Faulkner is back
Mohammad Nabi has won the toss and Afghanistan will bowl. He says there is moisture in the pitch, which they want to use. Usman Ghani is back in the XI ahead of Gulbadin Naib. Australia have made two changes as expected: Hazelwood in for Cummins and Faulkner in for Watson
"Hey Sid, I just read your article and I'll let you know the parochial crowd here booed Adam Gilchrist too when he first played for WA such was the passion for Tim Zoehrer - which seems strange on reflection, given the esteem / adoration Gilchrist now has as an adopted West Australian." Isn't that the stuff of legends, Gocfe?
1.50pm More signs trickling in from Perth. Watson looks the least active in warm-ups. He might be making way for Faulkner
m?ety: "As a long time afghan fan - I am glad to finally see Hamid bowl. I think he he is good enuff to play test cricket for at least 7 test playing nations. "
Chris: "As a person who is currently working at the WACA, a 2:30pm start is much more appreciated than a 11:30am start. The earlier start means we have to start work at 7am in the morning! Really appreciated sleeping in!"
1.45pm gav: "Excellent point Sid, I couldn't agree more. Well I could try. All the Big Bash games and finals they hosted all being day fixtures. Ridiculous."
Jason: "I've got no problem with a 2.30 start at the WACA ground. Means more cricket viewing pleasure late into my evening at home after work!"
Well the decision makers aren't listening then. You don't mess with the WACA Ground, you fall in love with it, as I did when I first went there
Toss in 15 minutes
1.40pm Twenty minutes to go to the toss, and am I glad that Perth is finally getting a 2.30pm start? It is ridiculous that the Perth residents don't get the benefits of a day-night match because the Australian broadcasters want every day-night match in Australia to start at 2.30pm east-coast time for the benefit of the viewers in Melbourne and Sydney. Good to see the World Cup has set this right
"Epic battle of pace. Seasoned Mitchells vs the coming-of-age Zadrans. " D, don't forget Josh Hazelwood and Hamid Hassan. HH has a headband, the first requisite for a hero in my book
1.20pm "Faulkner is the player Aussies need most to be able to win the WC. Without him, it's hard to know who will win it. But with him, I think Aussies should be favourites." Chris, I couldn't agree more. Much more important than the - at times unbearable - hype around Michael Clarke's fitness is Faulkner's fitness. Much more important to this ODI team than Clarke
"As an Aussie fan I can confidently say.... Who cares about Faulkner?! Shapoor is playing!!!!" Lachy, Jarrod Kimber agrees
As does Suido here: "So excited to see Shapoor and Hamid bowling at the WACA. Hope that Australia bats first so there's the best chance of them getting in their full allotments of overs."
1.10pm Early rushes from the WACA ground suggest that James Faulkner, that nerveless finisher, might be playing. He is having a net at the WACA Ground. If he plays the rest of the tournament without any fitness trouble, this is great news for the World Cup. It was poorer for his absence
1pm It's might Australians v mighty Afghans. Another chance for this exciting young team from Afghanistan to impress the world. It will be a big challenge for their batsmen to bat on the most storied pitch in the world. It is reputed to be the fastest too although Gabba might have a thing or two to say about that. Toss in an hour
 Innings Start
That's all from here folks. Switch off the lights when you leave. Cheers
"They played very well," says Mohammad Nabi "Especially their batsmen. Especially Warner, Smith and Maxwell. And their bowlers are the world's fastest. especially on the WACA pitch."
"Very good win," says Michael Clarke "Outstanding with the bat. Davey Warner exceptional. Steve Smith beautiful. Glenn Maxwell fantastic. It was about 11 overs to go and I sent maxi in ahead of me, with our highest WC score opportunity. I was looking to bat at 4, but it was best for the team. The way Maxi and the boys batted showed I did the right thing. Good to see James back. His bowling was outstanding. He will be there for the game against Sri Lanka. The selectors thought this was the best XI for these conditions. We will see what is the best XI for Sri Lanka. That's the good thing about our selectors, they are selecting the XI based on the conditions and the opposition. Whatever XI they give me on Sunday I will try to get the best out of them."
"Most importantly we won so fantastic," says David Warner, the Man of the Match. "Great to see other boys get amongst the runs. Reminded us of the Ashes. Quite humid. Their second spells were very good. They executed yorkers really well. The boys were surprised at how quick that fella bowled."
This is Australia's biggest win, and the biggest win for any team in a World Cup match. Second-biggest win in ODIs overall. A comprehensive win against spirited Afghans. It just seemed from the very start that Warner was setting himself up for a big one. He and Smith and Maxwell pummelled Afghanistan, who didn't really bowl that badly. Flat pitch, quick scoring ground and these new restrictions. This was bound to happen one of these days
"Huge win for Australia, but no one can tell me this competition would be better without Afganistan in it." James has said it better than me
37.3;W;Johnson to Hamid, OUT a simple catch at short midwicket ends it. The biggest win WCs. This is short, gets on to him quicker than he expects it, gets a soft edge on the pull, and Johnson collects his fourth wicket;Hamid Hassan c Warner b Johnson 7 (27m 18b 0x4 0x6) SR: 38.88;
37.2;2;Johnson to Hamid, 2 runs full and straight, pushed past mid-off with a straight bat;
37.1;?;Johnson to Hamid, no run length ball outside off, punched away to point;
36.6;?;Hazlewood to Shapoor, no run short of a length, just outside off, beats his outside edge;
36.5;?;Hazlewood to Shapoor, no run makes room to defend this to cover;
36.4;?;Hazlewood to Shapoor, no run Smith has dropped it in front of Clarke. Really full, on off, draws the edge. Smith from third slip goes diving in front of Clarke at second. Puts it down;
36.3;?;Hazlewood to Shapoor, no run short of a length, on off, Shapoor backs away to hit, but is beaten;
36.2;W;Hazlewood to Afsar Zazai, OUT they don't have a review left, and he has to walk back even if he has not edged it. This is short of a length, outside off, nips back in, goes between the bat and him. Haddin takes the catch. Australia are pretty confident they have got the edge, but Zazai is not walking until the umpire raises the finger. Snicko registers a small little spike;Afsar Zazai c ?Haddin b Hazlewood 10 (47m 40b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
36.1;?;Hazlewood to Afsar Zazai, no run on a length, middle and leg, defended to leg;
35.6;?;Johnson to Hamid, no run short of a length, outside off, takes the outside edge, but it falls short of second slip;
35.5;1;Johnson to Afsar Zazai, 1 run yorker, on off, dug out to leg for one;
35.4;?;Johnson to Afsar Zazai, no run short of a length, angling in, right behind it in defence;
35.3;1;Johnson to Hamid, 1 run short of a length, angling in, worked to leg for a single;
35.2;?;Johnson to Hamid, no run full outside off, pushed to cover;
35.1;?;Johnson to Hamid, no run full outside off, left alone;
34.6;?;Hazlewood to Afsar Zazai, no run length ball outside off, pushed back to him;
34.5;?;Hazlewood to Afsar Zazai, no run short of a length, outside off, defended to cover;
34.5;1w;Hazlewood to Afsar Zazai, 1 wide wide down the leg side;
34.4;?;Hazlewood to Afsar Zazai, no run on a length, outside off, left alone;
34.3;?;Hazlewood to Afsar Zazai, no run yorker, middle and off, Zazai keeps it out;
34.2;?;Hazlewood to Afsar Zazai, no run bouncer, middle and leg, he ducks under it;
34.1;?;Hazlewood to Afsar Zazai, no run short of a length, outside off, left alone;
33.6;1;Starc to Afsar Zazai, 1 run short of a length, angling, worked away for a single to square leg;
33.5;1;Starc to Hamid, 1 run squeezes out a yorker from outside off to take a single to third man;
33.4;?;Starc to Hamid, no run full and quick, just outside off, Hassan backs away and drives. Beaten;
33.3;?;Starc to Hamid, no run full, on off, draws the edge, which falls short of first slip. This is Haddin's catch, but he hasn't gone for it;
33.2;?;Starc to Hamid, no run wide on the crease, makes him play the angle, and then gets it to hold its line and beats the edge;
33.1;?;Starc to Hamid, no run length ball, on off, holds its line, beats the outside edge;
32.6;1;Hazlewood to Hamid, 1 run full, on off, dug out wide of mid-off for a single. Starc won't mind it. Brings Hassan back on strike;
32.5;?;Hazlewood to Hamid, no run short of a length, angling in, defended to leg;
32.4;?;Hazlewood to Hamid, no run looks to pull from outside off, the ball is too quick for the shot, goes to mid-off;
32.3;1;Hazlewood to Afsar Zazai, 1 run short of a length, on off, runs it down to third man for one;
32.2;1;Hazlewood to Hamid, 1 run another yorker just outside off, and he squeezes it out for one;
32.1;?;Hazlewood to Hamid, no run yorker outside off, beats his attempt to get some bat on it;
31.6;1;Starc to Hamid, 1 run on a length, angling in, worked away off a single to break the maiden. Two wickets off;
31.5;W;Starc to Zadran, OUT it was a matter of time with Dawlat backing away every ball. Out comes this dipping yorker at 151ks at the base of off. Too good again;Dawlat Zadran b Starc 0 (3m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
31.4;?;Starc to Zadran, no run length ball, angling in, beats DZ, but the WACA bounce carries it over;
31.3;?;Starc to Zadran, no run bouncer this time as DZ backs away. He looks to run this down to third man but is nowhere near the ball;
31.2;?;Starc to Zadran, no run another yorker, just outside off. Dawlat is backing away;
31.1;W;Starc to Zadran, OUT Starc and his yorker. Swinging in towards the base of the middle stump. At 148ks. Under the toe end of the bat. Too good for Najib;Najibullah Zadran b Starc 24 (42m 31b 1x4 1x6) SR: 77.41;
30.6;?;Maxwell to Afsar Zazai, no run ofbreak, pitches middle and leg, turns back in to beat the inside edge. No appeal for leg-before. They reckon this is headed down leg;
30.5;?;Maxwell to Afsar Zazai, no run full offbreak, defended to midwicket;
30.4;1;Maxwell to Zadran, 1 run flighted around off, defended with an open face;
30.3;6;Maxwell to Zadran, SIX runs some of Maxwell medicine back to him. Down the wicket, almost halfway down the pitch, and swings hard at this. Big big six over long-on. In the second tier;
30.2;2;Maxwell to Zadran, 2 runs jumps out of the crease, beaten in the flight, gets a thick edge over short third man;
30.1;?;Maxwell to Zadran, no run too straight, middle and leg, defended easily to leg;
29.6;?;Starc to Afsar Zazai, no run wide length ball, Zazai has nothing to do with it;
29.5;?;Starc to Afsar Zazai, no run length ball angling in, pushed to midwicket;
29.4;?;Starc to Afsar Zazai, no run on a length again, just outside off, he defends from the crease;
29.3;?;Starc to Afsar Zazai, no run on a length, dips on him, swings away, beats the outside edge;
29.2;1;Starc to Zadran, 1 run short and wide this time, cut away for a single to third man;
29.1;?;Starc to Zadran, no run full and fast and swinging. Beats the inside edge but this is headed down leg;
28.6;?;Maxwell to Afsar Zazai, no run tosses this up wide, left alone;
28.5;?;Maxwell to Afsar Zazai, no run stays back to defend a flat offbreak;
28.4;?;Maxwell to Afsar Zazai, no run flighted outside off, defended to leg;
28.3;?;Maxwell to Afsar Zazai, no run short of a length, spinning in, punched to mid-on;
28.2;?;Maxwell to Afsar Zazai, no run short of a length, middle and leg, defended;
28.1;1;Maxwell to Zadran, 1 run tossed up outside off, pushed wide of point for one;
27.6;?;Faulkner to Afsar Zazai, no run wide length ball, defended to cover;
27.5;?;Faulkner to Afsar Zazai, no run full and outside off, hit hard, but straight to mid-off;
27.5;1w;Faulkner to Afsar Zazai, 1 wide wide outside off as he goes for the slower ball;
27.5;1nb;Faulkner to Afsar Zazai, (no ball) bouncer, over his left shoulder. He ducks it. This is a no-ball for he has overstepped;
27.4;?;Faulkner to Afsar Zazai, no run short of a length, pitched outside leg, beats his attempt at the flick and hits the pad;
27.3;2;Faulkner to Afsar Zazai, 2 runs wide full ball, pushed between point and cover-point;
27.2;?;Faulkner to Afsar Zazai, no run full, outside off, pushed to mid-off;
27.1;?;Faulkner to Afsar Zazai, no run bouncer, just outside of,f he stays inside the line;
26.6;4;Maxwell to Zadran, FOUR runs another lovely shot. Down the wicket to take this on the half-volley and drive this straight down the ground and bisect mid-off and mid-on;
26.5;3;Maxwell to Afsar Zazai, 3 runs lovely shot. Short of a length, goes back to punch it between point and cover-point;
26.4;1;Maxwell to Zadran, 1 run short of a length, middle and ff, turning away, defended with an open face;
26.3;2;Maxwell to Zadran, 2 runs slashes at a shortish ball, gets a thick edge wide of slip and fine of short third man;
26.2;?;Maxwell to Zadran, no run short of a length, punched to cover;
26.1;1;Maxwell to Afsar Zazai, 1 run full, middle and leg, driven to long-on for one;
25.6;1;Faulkner to Afsar Zazai, 1 run length ball angling across him, he gets a thick edge wide of the second slip;
25.5;?;Faulkner to Afsar Zazai, no run short of a length, just outside off, defended back to him;
25.4;?;Faulkner to Afsar Zazai, no run on a length, on off, defended to cover;
25.3;?;Faulkner to Afsar Zazai, no run short of a length, outside off, defended to cover;
25.2;1;Faulkner to Zadran, 1 run slower ball, on the pads, worked away for a single;
25.1;?;Faulkner to Zadran, no run short of a length, angling in, he looks to work it to leg, gets a leading edge towards cover, but it falls short;
24.6;?;Maxwell to Afsar Zazai, no run stays back to defend a length ball. A wicket-maiden;
24.5;?;Maxwell to Afsar Zazai, no run short of a length, outside off, just a bit of straightening, pushed to cover;
24.4;?;Maxwell to Afsar Zazai, no run turning in again, but from around middle and leg and going down leg;
24.3;?;Maxwell to Afsar Zazai, no run length-ball offbreak, beats the inside edge, but it is headed down leg;
24.2;W;Maxwell to M Nabi, OUT Nabi has reviewed this. Nabi looks to paddle, Clarke is running back towards short fine, then he realises Nabi has got a soft edge, and he runs back in towards the stumps to catch this. Nabi says this has come off the arm. He is right, it has come off the arm, but after hitting the top edge. And oh by the way, the snicko has not registered anything even though there is a clear edge here;Mohammad Nabi c Clarke b Maxwell 2 (20m 10b 0x4 0x6) SR: 20;
24.1;?;Maxwell to M Nabi, no run on a length, middle and leg, defended;
23.6;?;Faulkner to Zadran, no run on a length, middle and leg, pushed towards mid-on;
23.5;?;Faulkner to Zadran, no run bouncer, middle and leg, he sways out of its line;
23.4;?;Faulkner to Zadran, no run length ball, angling in, defended from the crease;
23.3;?;Faulkner to Zadran, no run on a length, outside off, pushed to cover;
23.2;1;Faulkner to M Nabi, 1 run length ball outside off, stays back to push this to deep cover for one;
23.1;?;Faulkner to M Nabi, no run drives at a length ball, off the inside half this goes to mid-on;
22.6;?;Johnson to Zadran, no run bowls that armpit ball now, Najib fends but it falls safely back onto the pitch;
22.5;2;Johnson to Zadran, 2 runs length ball, pitched outside leg, easily deflected away past midwicket for a couple;
22.4;?;Johnson to Zadran, no run length ball outside off, pushes at it with an open face;
22.4;1w;Johnson to Zadran, 1 wide bouncer now, called a wide for height as he sways out of its line;
22.3;?;Johnson to Zadran, no run full, away swinger from the left-hand batsman, beats him as he pushes away from the body;
22.2;1;Johnson to M Nabi, 1 run uppishly punched away to third man for a single;
22.1;1;Johnson to Zadran, 1 run full, outside off, opens the face, gets a single wide of cover;
21.6;?;Faulkner to M Nabi, no run short of a length, just outside off, defended from the crease. He slips as he tries to change direction in his follow-through. Seems fine;
21.5;1;Faulkner to Zadran, 1 run angling in, worked away off the pad for a single around the corner;
21.4;?;Faulkner to Zadran, no run on a length, angling in towards off, defended back to him;
21.3;?;Faulkner to Zadran, no run full and straight, just outside off, defended to cover;
21.2;?;Faulkner to Zadran, no run yorker, just outside off, dug out back to his right, and Faulkner fields in his follow-through;
21.1;?;Faulkner to Zadran, no run short of a length, outside off, punched to point;
20.6;?;Johnson to M Nabi, no run wide length ball, allowed to go through to the keeper;
20.5;?;Johnson to M Nabi, no run short of a length, outside off, defended off the back foot;
20.4;1;Johnson to Zadran, 1 run full outside off, pushed wide of cover for one;
20.4;1w;Johnson to Zadran, 1 wide full, slower ball, wide down the leg side;
20.3;?;Johnson to Zadran, no run fuller ball, outside off, 144ks, he feels for it, and is beaten;
20.2;?;Johnson to Zadran, no run bouncer, just outside off, left alone. Haddin collects head high;
20.1;W;Johnson to Mangal, OUT lovely catch by Finch. Short of a length, just outside off, he has opened the face on it, everybody is looking towards third man to cut it, but Finch from first slip has gone flying to his right and pouched this. Goes two handed, but it gets stuck in one hand;Nawroz Mangal c Finch b Johnson 33 (54m 35b 2x4 2x6) SR: 94.28;
19.6;?;Clarke to M Nabi, no run flighted outside off, defended to cover;
19.5;?;Clarke to M Nabi, no run on a length, holds its line just outside off, defended off the front foot;
19.4;W;Clarke to Samiullah Shinwari, OUT Clarke has a wicket took. Another sweep. To a length ball. Gets a top edge for an easy catch at short fine leg. His first ODI wicket since September 2012;Samiullah Shinwari c Johnson b Clarke 17 (33m 31b 2x4 0x6) SR: 54.83;
19.3;?;Clarke to Samiullah Shinwari, no run looks to sweep, gets some bat on this but finds short fine leg;
19.2;1;Clarke to Mangal, 1 run full, middle and leg, driven to long-on;
19.1;?;Clarke to Mangal, no run tossed up outside off, looks for the big drive, is beaten;
18.6;4;Johnson to Samiullah Shinwari, FOUR runs lovely shot. He has been given two short ones, not comes the fuller one to see where his feet are going. They are going forward. And the hands are driving this between the bowler and mid-off;
18.5;?;Johnson to Samiullah Shinwari, no run chest high, and hits him in the chest too. Sami has no idea about this bouncer. Doesn't show any pain;
18.4;?;Johnson to Samiullah Shinwari, no run looks to work this shortish delivery to leg, gets a soft leading edge towards point. Really high part of the bat too;
18.3;?;Johnson to Samiullah Shinwari, no run pushes at a wide length ball, and is beaten;
18.2;?;Johnson to Samiullah Shinwari, no run another leave outside off;
18.1;?;Johnson to Samiullah Shinwari, no run length ball outside off, left alone;
18.1;1w;Johnson to Samiullah Shinwari, 1 wide wide length ball, left alone. Called wide;
17.6;1;Clarke to Samiullah Shinwari, 1 run flat delivery, swept away to long leg for one;
17.5;?;Clarke to Samiullah Shinwari, no run tossed up on off, pushed to cover;
17.4;1;Clarke to Mangal, 1 run tossed up even higher, driven to long-on;
17.3;?;Clarke to Mangal, no run flighted around off, pushed back to Clarke;
17.2;?;Clarke to Mangal, no run flighted on off, stays back to punch it to point;
17.1;1;Clarke to Samiullah Shinwari, 1 run short of a length, punched down to long-on for one;
16.6;?;Marsh to Mangal, no run slogs at a length ball, beaten;
16.5;1;Marsh to Samiullah Shinwari, 1 run short of a length, outside off, punched away to deep cover;
16.4;?;Marsh to Samiullah Shinwari, no run rising towards the chest, off his feet as he fends;
16.3;?;Marsh to Samiullah Shinwari, no run short of a length, holds its line outside off, beats the outside edge;
16.2;?;Marsh to Samiullah Shinwari, no run short of a length, outside off, left alone;
16.1;2;Marsh to Samiullah Shinwari, 2 runs driven wide of mid-off where Johnson misfields;
15.6;2;Clarke to Mangal, 2 runs low full toss, paddled fine of fine leg for two;
15.5;1;Clarke to Samiullah Shinwari, 1 run low full toss, driven to long-off for one;
15.4;?;Clarke to Samiullah Shinwari, no run this flighted delivery dips a little on him. Dug out to cover;
15.3;?;Clarke to Samiullah Shinwari, no run flighted on middle and leg, defended back to him;
15.2;?;Clarke to Samiullah Shinwari, no run tossed up on off, defended;
15.1;1;Clarke to Mangal, 1 run down the track, not to its pitch, pushed to long-on;
14.6;?;Marsh to Samiullah Shinwari, no run wide length ball, left alone;
14.6;1w;Marsh to Samiullah Shinwari, 1 wide bouncer, but too high, called a wide;
14.5;4;Marsh to Samiullah Shinwari, FOUR runs short, wide, cut away in front of square, gets four despite a flying chase from Warner. The front of the hand has touched the ball and the back of it the rope at the same time;
14.4;1;Marsh to Mangal, 1 run moves inside the line to work this length ball for a single;
14.3;?;Marsh to Mangal, no run full outside off, pushed to mid-off;
14.2;1;Marsh to Samiullah Shinwari, 1 run short and wide, cut away to third man;
14.1;?;Marsh to Samiullah Shinwari, no run bouncer. In front of his face. He sways out of its line;
13.6;?;Clarke to Mangal, no run full, middle and leg, hit straight to midwicket;
13.5;?;Clarke to Mangal, no run length ball, he rocks back to cut, but doesn't manage good timing;
13.4;2;Clarke to Mangal, 2 runs looks to give him the charge, sees this is bowled flat, punches him past cover for two;
13.3;?;Clarke to Mangal, no run on a length, turning in, hits the inside half of the defensive bat;
13.2;1;Clarke to Samiullah Shinwari, 1 run full, middle and leg, driven to long-on;
13.1;1;Clarke to Mangal, 1 run short of a length, punched down to long-on;
12.6;4b;Marsh to Samiullah Shinwari, 4 byes yorker outside off, he fails to make contact but it has burst through Haddin for four byes;
12.5;3;Marsh to Mangal, 3 runs wide length ball, the best shot of the lot, driving this past cover for three. All along the ground;
12.4;6;Marsh to Mangal, SIX runs one more six. He gives this gentle length ball the treatment after clearing the front leg again. This time, though, he goes over square leg;
12.3;6;Marsh to Mangal, SIX runs length ball, middle and leg, he likes this gentler pace, he clears the front leg and lofts this over midwicket for a six;
12.2;?;Marsh to Mangal, no run short of a length, on off, gets an inside edge onto the pad;
12.1;?;Marsh to Mangal, no run on a length, outside off, driven to mid-off;
11.6;?;Clarke to Samiullah Shinwari, no run plays a forward-defensive, looking for the turn, is hit on the inside edge;
11.5;?;Clarke to Samiullah Shinwari, no run short of a length, middle and leg, turned around to short fine leg;
11.4;?;Clarke to Samiullah Shinwari, no run full, on off, pushed back to him;
11.3;?;Clarke to Samiullah Shinwari, no run no turn as he looks to defend. Beats the inside edge. Headed down leg, though;
11.2;1;Clarke to Mangal, 1 run tossed up outside off, driven to long-off for one;
11.1;1;Clarke to Samiullah Shinwari, 1 run swept from just outside leg for a single to short fine;
10.6;?;Johnson to Mangal, no run short of a length, outside off, defended to point;
10.5;?;Johnson to Mangal, no run wide length ball, swings away too, beats the outside edge as he defends;
10.4;?;Johnson to Mangal, no run bouncer, headed towards the head, fends at it, but manages to keep it down;
10.3;?;Johnson to Mangal, no run short of a length, gets behind it and defends;
10.2;W;Johnson to Asghar, OUT lovely catch by Smith. Great hands he has. Stanikzai swings hard again, gets a thick edge that flies towards third man. M Marsh is the man running in, and this should be his catch, which is what Smith believes too, but Marsh doesn't look too keen. Smith goes back into the catch. There can be a collision. Smith catches it over his shoulder, arches back. A collision is avoided. Catch is taken;Asghar Afghan c Smith b Johnson 4 (12m 10b 0x4 0x6) SR: 40;
10.1;2;Johnson to Asghar, 2 runs wide length ball, he finally connects with the hard swing. Still a mis-hit. Over point it goes for two;
9.6;?;Hazlewood to Mangal, no run bouncer to end the over, Mangal ducks it;
9.5;4;Hazlewood to Mangal, FOUR runs full and straight, driven hard into the pitch and then it bounces over Hazlewood's head. Using the fabled WACA bounce to his own advantage;
9.4;4;Hazlewood to Mangal, FOUR runs lovely off-drive to get off the mark. Gets close to a length ball just outside off, extends his arms into it, and sends it straight of mid-off;
9.3;?;Hazlewood to Mangal, no run on a length now, around off, Mangal gets right behind it to defend;
9.2;?;Hazlewood to Mangal, no run short of a length, angling in, defended to leg;
9.1;?;Hazlewood to Mangal, no run on a length, on off, he moves across to defend to leg;
8.6;?;Johnson to Asghar, no run another big swing from Stanikzai, beaten outside off;
8.6;1w;Johnson to Asghar, 1 wide pushes this across him, wide;
8.5;?;Johnson to Asghar, no run another similar slog, thick inside edge this time, Maxwell fields at short leg;
8.4;?;Johnson to Asghar, no run looks to hit this one into the Swan after making room. Gets an inside edge onto his body. Loses all shape while trying to hit;
8.3;2;Johnson to Asghar, 2 runs dug in short, he is late into the pull, but gets a couple off the bottom edge;
8.2;?;Johnson to Asghar, no run lovely shot and excellent fielding. Short of a length, outside off, cut away, and Warner flies at point to field this;
8.1;?;Johnson to Asghar, no run on a length, quick, just outside off, defended from the crease;
7.6;1lb;Hazlewood to Asghar, 1 leg bye into the pads, beats the inside edge but will concede the leg-bye;
7.5;?;Hazlewood to Asghar, no run digs this one in short, Stanikzai looks for the cut, and is beaten by the extra bounce;
7.4;W;Hazlewood to Javed, OUT and this was long due. Ahmadi has not been fancying getting behind the line of the ball. Hazlewood bowls short of a length, Ahmadi is away from the line and just opens the face. Easy enough catch head high for Clarke at second slip;Javed Ahmadi c Clarke b Hazlewood 13 (34m 24b 1x4 0x6) SR: 54.16;
7.3;?;Hazlewood to Javed, no run bouncer, at his throat, he looks to ramp it over slips, but is beaten;
7.2;?;Hazlewood to Javed, no run that is a powerful hit back down the ground but he has hit Mangal at the non-striker's end. No time to get out of the way;
7.1;2;Hazlewood to Javed, 2 runs short of a length, outside off, he just heaves at it, gets a thick edge over cover;
6.6;?;Johnson to Mangal, no run full outside off, swinging back a touch but not enough to threaten the stumps. Left alone;
6.5;?;Johnson to Mangal, no run more swing and pace, gets an inside edge onto the pad;
6.4;?;Johnson to Mangal, no run beaten for pace first up. Swinging in, hits the thigh pad, then the arm;
6.3;W;Johnson to Ghani, OUT full and straight, swinging back in a touch, Ghani gets the bat down in time, hits it well, but there is a short straight midwicket in place. Sharp catch but straight at him;Usman Ghani c Faulkner b Johnson 12 (28m 19b 0x4 0x6) SR: 63.15;
6.3;1w;Johnson to Ghani, 1 wide wide down the leg side as Johnson looks for a bouncer;
6.2;?;Johnson to Ghani, no run short of a length, on off, defended from the crease;
6.1;4lb;Johnson to Ghani, 4 leg byes off the thigh pad, but Johnson's pace means there is no chance for fine leg. Pitched outside leg, and holds the line;
5.6;?;Hazlewood to Javed, no run driven down the ground but straight to mid-on;
5.5;?;Hazlewood to Javed, no run on a length, angling in, defended from the crease;
5.4;?;Hazlewood to Javed, no run full, middle and leg, defended towards mid-on;
5.3;?;Hazlewood to Javed, no run full, into the pads, defended to leg;
5.2;1;Hazlewood to Ghani, 1 run pushes at a wide length ball, thick-edges it through gully;
5.2;1w;Hazlewood to Ghani, 1 wide fuller but the line is still wrong. Another wide;
5.2;1w;Hazlewood to Ghani, 1 wide short ball down the leg side. Easy call on the wide;
5.1;?;Hazlewood to Ghani, no run nice delivery. Angling in, then swings away late, beats the drive. Unlucky not to get the edge;
4.6;1;Starc to Ghani, 1 run swinging back in towards off, runs off the inside half of the bat for a single;
4.5;2;Starc to Ghani, 2 runs short of a length, tucked away off the hip for a couple;
4.4;2;Starc to Ghani, 2 runs full, just outside off, caressed past cover for two;
4.3;?;Starc to Ghani, no run short of a length, just outside off, left alone;
4.2;?;Starc to Ghani, no run bouncer, just outside off, he sways out of its line;
4.1;1;Starc to Javed, 1 run short of a length, just outside off, nearly chops it on as he looks to dab at it. Gets a single;
3.6;2;Hazlewood to Ghani, 2 runs gets inside the line of a length ball and pushes it through midwicket;
3.5;?;Hazlewood to Ghani, no run bouncer, over middle and leg, he ducks under it;
3.4;2;Hazlewood to Ghani, 2 runs Ghani covers the swing here, and places this full ball wide of cover for two;
3.3;3;Hazlewood to Javed, 3 runs pushes at a wide length ball away from the body, makes a good connection, gets three through cover. But for Warner's chase, this is four;
3.2;?;Hazlewood to Javed, no run fuller, but too straight, defended to mid-on;
3.1;?;Hazlewood to Javed, no run short of a length, outside off, no feet as he pokes at it. Beaten;
2.6;?;Starc to Ghani, no run on a length, on off, angles away after shaping to swing in. Defended to cover;
2.5;?;Starc to Ghani, no run full inswinging yorker, 150ks, on off and middle. He has just about got the bat down in time;
2.4;?;Starc to Ghani, no run lovely inswinger. Starts just outside off. 149ks, swinging back in towards off and middle. Gets the inside edge onto the pad;
2.3;1;Starc to Javed, 1 run short of a length, this time he gets behind the ball and runs it down to third man;
2.2;?;Starc to Javed, no run action replay of the previous delivery. Not fancying get close to the line of the ball;
2.1;?;Starc to Javed, no run wide length ball, he swings at it with no foot movement. Wafting at it from outside leg. Beaten as expected;
1.6;?;Hazlewood to Ghani, no run another full outswinger, pushed to cover;
1.5;?;Hazlewood to Ghani, no run full outswinger, middle and off, shaping towards off, defended back to him;
1.4;1;Hazlewood to Javed, 1 run short, into the body, short-arm pulled to long leg for one;
1.3;?;Hazlewood to Javed, no run more swing there, Ahmadi is not getting close to the line of the ball and swings. Beaten again;
1.2;?;Hazlewood to Javed, no run lovely outswinger, just outside off, Ahmadi stays on leg and swings. Beaten;
1.1;?;Hazlewood to Javed, no run full, into the pads, he misses out on some runs and is hit on the pad;
0.6;2;Starc to Ghani, 2 runs full, swinging in, pushed wide of mid-on, they come back for the second. It's the keeper's end where the danger exists, but the throw arrives at the non-striker's end;
0.5;1;Starc to Javed, 1 run short of a length, into the armpit, drops it wide of short leg for one;
0.4;?;Starc to Javed, no run big inswinger, beats his inside edge, has hit him on the pad after beating him comprehensively. Missing leg here;
0.3;4;Starc to Javed, FOUR runs full and swinging back in, he just feels for it outside off, and gets a bottom edge between the keeper and slip;
0.2;?;Starc to Javed, no run on a length, outside off, slight hint of shape back in, left alone;
0.1;?;Starc to Javed, no run full, outside off, swinging back in. Ahmadi lets it go;

Welcome back. Starc to bowl with the first new ball. Two slips in place and a short leg
 Innings Start
Australia
Afghanistan
26th Match, Pool A (D/N), Perth, Mar 4 2015, ICC Cricket World Cup
417/6
142
Player of the match is David Warner, AUS
Australia won by 275 runs
