Data
3.50pm Seven wickets in this session, yes seven, and five of those to Anderson. Australia didn't look that bad at lunch but Anderson's seam movement made it much worse for them. The middle order has nothing to show for their day at work today, but Anderson has plenty - 6 for 47. It was only Rogers who fought it out with another gritty fifty (what will Australia do without him?) on a lively pitch or they wouldn't have reached 100. They have 136 on the board, we'll be back with the second innings in 10 minutes...
DVS: " England bowled only 3 bowlers over the innings."
Dominic: "Imagine not even being able to bat 37 overs...." Not hard for me to imagine, but tough day for Australia.
36.4;W;Anderson to Lyon, OUT chops it on, that's the sixth for Anderson and Australia are all out. It was a length delivery outside off, Lyon swished at it and managed only an inside edge onto his stumps;Nathan Lyon b Anderson 11 (14m 11b 2x4 0x6) SR: 100;
36.3;?;Anderson to Lyon, no run chips the back of length ball from outside off towards mid-on. Was in the air for a bit;
36.2;4;Anderson to Lyon, FOUR runs this time over the slip fielders, four more! He swung his bat for the length delivery outside off, it had a wobbled seam, and thick edge flew over the slips;
36.1;4;Anderson to Lyon, FOUR runs fullish delivery on off and Lyon flicks that over the midwicket region with a flick of the wrists for four;
35.6;?;Broad to Hazlewood, no run another bouncer! No room at all as he ducks under it this time;
35.5;?;Broad to Hazlewood, no run superb bouncer from Broad. Josh swayed out of the line but nearly gloved it to the keeper;
35.4;4;Broad to Hazlewood, FOUR runs overpitched this time on off stump and he drives that firmly down the ground past wide mid-off and this one will surely go for four;
35.3;3;Broad to Lyon, 3 runs very well played by Lyon, it was a back of length ball cutting in from outside off. He stayed back and cut it behind square almost to the boundary, where Stokes put in a slide to keep it in with his left hand;
35.2;1;Broad to Hazlewood, 1 run back of length now outside off, he guides it towards backward point for one to move into double figures. Rare thing today;
35.1;?;Broad to Hazlewood, no run targets the stumps with a length delivery, he defends it back;
34.6;?;Anderson to Lyon, no run seams it away this time to end the over, another half-leave;
34.5;?;Anderson to Lyon, no run bangs in the bouncer towards the batsman, he ducks under it;
34.4;?;Anderson to Lyon, no run back of length outside off, Lyon pokes and misses without any footwork;
34.3;1;Anderson to Hazlewood, 1 run too full outside off, he drives it firmly to deepish backward point;
34.2;?;Anderson to Hazlewood, no run right on the middle stump this time, Josh defends tentatively into the covers;
34.1;?;Anderson to Hazlewood, no run shapes the ball in towards the stumps, not too far from off but he lets it go;
33.6;?;Broad to Lyon, no run on length this time and he pushes it to the leg side. Wicket maiden from Broad;
33.5;?;Broad to Lyon, no run shortish, coming in from well outside off and it's left alone;
33.4;?;Broad to Lyon, no run errs down the leg side past the batsman and Buttler dives full length to stop that;
33.3;W;Broad to Starc, OUT another late leave and that's number nine, and second for Broad! It was touch back of length outside off, Starc wanted to leave that ball but withdrew his bat too late and he toe-edged it to the keeper;Mitchell Starc c ?Buttler b Broad 11 (30m 20b 1x4 0x6) SR: 55;
33.2;?;Broad to Starc, no run bangs it in short well outside off, Starc lets it go to the keeper;
33.1;?;Broad to Starc, no run on length on the off stump, Starc pushes gently it to mid-on;
32.6;4;Anderson to Hazlewood, FOUR runs big swing outside off again, there was some room, and he clears the slip fielders and gully again to get four to the third-man region;
32.5;?;Anderson to Hazlewood, no run brings it in sharply towards middle stump, Hazlewood defends it back to the bowler;
32.4;?;Anderson to Hazlewood, no run keeps a bit low as the ball comes in from outside off, he lets it go;
32.3;4;Anderson to Hazlewood, FOUR runs too full and wide outside off, he throws his bat at it and gets a thick edge well over the slip cordon for four;
32.2;1;Anderson to Starc, 1 run seams it towards off from middle, Starc opens the face of the bat late to help it to third man;
32.1;?;Anderson to Starc, no run angles it away from Starc from outside off, left alone;
31.6;?;Broad to Hazlewood, no run backs away a little for the length delivery outside off, drives firmly but misses;
31.5;?;Broad to Hazlewood, no run angles it into the batsman now, he doesn't move much and defends it to midwicket;
31.4;?;Broad to Hazlewood, no run on length outside off, wide enough to be left again;
31.3;?;Broad to Hazlewood, no run coming in slightly from outside off, he lets it go;
31.2;W;Broad to Rogers, OUT the finger goes up instantly, Rogers lbw this time on the back foot, and he reviews. From round the wicket the ball angled in from back of length, Rogers stuck on his crease to work the ball to leg, he misses and is trapped right in front of middle stump. No inside edge, what does Hawkeye say? Hitting and Rogers walks back;Chris Rogers lbw b Broad 52 (153m 89b 9x4 0x6) SR: 58.42;
31.1;2;Broad to Rogers, 2 runs bit too short and well outside off, enough room for Rogers to punch it between cover point and point for a couple;
30.6;?;Anderson to Starc, no run stays back to defend the back of length ball on the off stump;
30.5;?;Anderson to Starc, no run pitched up slightly on the stumps, he pushes it down to mid-on;
30.4;4;Anderson to Starc, FOUR runs on length now outside off, he drives away from the body and chips that over the in field on the off side to get four;
30.3;?;Anderson to Starc, no run angling across this time, it seams away too, and Starc pokes and misses the short of length ball;
30.2;2;Anderson to Starc, 2 runs length delivery on off, not a bad delivery, but Starc shows his straight-bat skills again to push it wide of Moeen at mid-off for two;
30.1;?;Anderson to Starc, no run on the leg side towards the pads, looks to work it to leg but takes it on the pad;
29.6;?;Broad to Rogers, no run too wide outside off, Rogers chases when there is no need to and misses;
29.5;3;Broad to Starc, 3 runs bit too full around off and Starc pushes that down the ground with a straight bat, past wide mid-off for three. 100 comes up for Australia;
29.4;?;Broad to Starc, no run towards the pads now with some movement towards the batsman, the ball lobs off the thigh pad to the leg side;
29.3;?;Broad to Starc, no run oh, that was close to the off stump! Seamed in after pitching just outside off, Starc left it alone and the ball nearly shaved the off stump;
29.2;?;Broad to Starc, no run touch fuller outside off, through to the keeper;
29.1;?;Broad to Starc, no run over the wicket, back of a length, left alone;
28.6;?;Anderson to Rogers, no run ends the over with a bouncer to keep Starc on strike for the next over;
28.5;?;Anderson to Rogers, no run round the wicket, down the leg side;
28.4;1;Anderson to Starc, 1 run just short! Didn't quite carry to Lyth in the slips. Anderson was back over the wicket, angled across Starc who pushed at it and the edge just went to ground in time. Some pain for Lyth;
28.3;?;Anderson to Starc, no run defended firmly to Moeen at mid-off;
28.2;?;Anderson to Starc, no run gets onto the front foot and finds mid-off;
28.1;?;Anderson to Starc, no run stays round the wicket to Starc, full outside off, left alone;
27.6;?;Broad to Rogers, no run short down the leg side, Rogers goes for the hook and there's a strangled appeal for a glove down the leg side;
27.5;?;Broad to Rogers, no run bouncer over middle and leg, over his back;
27.4;2;Broad to Rogers, 2 runs confidently forward, mid-off dives over the ball which allows Rogers through to compete a fifty - we won't know the value of it for a little while yet, but how Australia need him;
27.3;2;Broad to Rogers, 2 runs close! Leading edge through the covers as he tries to work a full delivery to the leg side...will we see some aggression now from Rogers?;
27.2;?;Broad to Rogers, no run big appeal for lbw, but that didn't look right...back of a length, nips in off the seam, takes him high on the back leg;
27.1;?;Broad to Rogers, no run full on the stumps, nudged to mid-on;
26.6;W;Anderson to Johnson, OUT five for Anderson! The change of angled worked straight away. Full outside off, just straightens a little on Johnson who is pushing forward and the edge flies to fourth slip/fine gully;Mitchell Johnson c Stokes b Anderson 3 (10m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
26.5;?;Anderson to Johnson, no run full outside off, zipping away off the seam but started a little too wide;
26.4;1;Anderson to Rogers, 1 run punched straight of mid-off, just leant on the ball;
26.3;?;Anderson to Rogers, no run a bouncer, 82mph, quite a way over Rogers' head this time;
26.2;3;Anderson to Johnson, 3 runs a firm push through mid-off as Anderson goes fuller, takes Johnson to 2000 Test runs;
26.1;?;Anderson to Johnson, no run on middle and off, defended;
25.6;?;Finn to Rogers, no run short outside off, drops his hands and lets it through;
25.5;?;Finn to Rogers, no run short over middle and leg, 85mph, Rogers ducks;
25.4;?;Finn to Rogers, no run fuller, driven to mid-off;
25.3;?;Finn to Rogers, no run he responds with another short ball, tighter to the batsman this time and Rogers fends it away to the off side;
25.2;4;Finn to Rogers, FOUR runs takes advantage of a short, wider delivery and guides it down to third man between the slips and gully...got over the top of the ball;
25.1;?;Finn to Rogers, no run full at off stump, 89mph, defended on the walk to cover;
24.6;?;Anderson to Johnson, no run full outside off, swinging away from the left hander, left alone...Anderson at his best;
24.5;?;Anderson to Johnson, no run full at off stump, jabbed to the on side;
24.4;W;Anderson to Nevill, OUT left and bowled off stump! Four for Anderson. Wonderful bowling, but that always a tight leave. Wasn't the booming inswinger, just nipped back off the seam and clipped the top of off stump;Peter Nevill b Anderson 2 (9m 8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
24.3;1;Anderson to Rogers, 1 run good back-up in the field as Stokes dives at point to intercept Rogers' cover drive;
24.2;?;Anderson to Rogers, no run another inside edge, driving and the ball cannons into his front pad;
24.1;?;Anderson to Rogers, no run his feet caught on the crease as he drives at a full delivery and the inside edge is not that far from the stumps;
23.6;?;Finn to Nevill, no run another one shades past the edge, a shorter delivery and to be fair to Nevill think he drew the bat inside the line this time...lovely stuff from Finn;
23.5;?;Finn to Nevill, no run that's a cracker! Good length around off stump, nips off the seam and beats Nevill as he tries to get onto the front foot;
23.4;?;Finn to Nevill, no run full at the stumps, hint of that straighten as the ball to Clarke did, not quite the yorker this time and defended to cover;
23.3;?;Finn to Nevill, no run speared down the leg side, Nevill has a flick at it;
23.2;1lb;Finn to Rogers, 1 leg bye fuller and takes the pad to the leg side;
23.1;?;Finn to Rogers, no run fierce delivery, 89mph, short of a length and climbs past the outside edge with Buttler taking it above his head...gripping stuff;
22.6;2;Anderson to Nevill, 2 runs worked off the pads through midwicket;
22.5;?;Anderson to Nevill, no run there's the inswinger but just started a little too wide and Nevill is able to watch it go through;
22.4;?;Anderson to Nevill, no run full outside off, hanging it there for the drive, left alone;
22.3;W;Anderson to Marsh, OUT he doesn't respond well! A flat-footed drive and another edge. Drawn into driving at the full ball, playing well away from his body, healthy edge which zips through to Buttler. Anderson on song after lunch;Mitchell Marsh c ?Buttler b Anderson 0 (7m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
22.2;?;Anderson to Marsh, no run not quite so full this time, Marsh leaves it alone;
22.1;?;Anderson to Marsh, no run full outside off, driven square to point;
21.6;?;Finn to Rogers, no run short of a length, he hops into line and defends at the top of bounce...lively over;
21.5;?;Finn to Rogers, no run well-directed short ball over off stump, Rogers ducks and turns his head away from the ball;
21.4;?;Finn to Rogers, no run good carry from quite a full length, Buttler takes it at chest-height;
21.3;4;Finn to Rogers, FOUR runs neat, punchy cover drive as Finn over-pitches a touch outside off and Rogers moves nicely into the stroke;
21.2;?;Finn to Rogers, no run fuller at off stump, straightens a touch, defended back to Finn;
21.2;1nb;Finn to Rogers, (no ball) beaten! Back of a length outside off, 85mph, slides past the edge as Rogers plays off the back foot...Finn had over-stepped;
21.1;?;Finn to Rogers, no run brisk short delivery, Rogers ducks;
20.6;W;Anderson to Voges, OUT trying to leave and he edges to Buttler! Back-of-a-length delivery, a very half-hearted attempt to try and withdraw the bat and the ball glances off the toe end through to Buttler.;Adam Voges c ?Buttler b Anderson 16 (43m 34b 3x4 0x6) SR: 47.05;
20.5;?;Anderson to Voges, no run back of a length outside off, defended to the covers;
20.4;1;Anderson to Rogers, 1 run waits for this one to swing, then plays it late behind square on the leg side;
20.3;?;Anderson to Rogers, no run short of a length, clipped to square leg;
20.2;?;Anderson to Rogers, no run outside off, quite tight to the stumps, a well-judged leave;
20.1;?;Anderson to Rogers, no run pushed down the leg side, Rogers misses his flick;
19.6;4;Finn to Voges, FOUR runs adjusts his line too much, angled into middle and leg, neatly flicked away off the pads to fine leg...Finn furious with him;
19.5;?;Finn to Voges, no run fuller outside off, appreciable movement on this one but comfortably left;
19.4;?;Finn to Voges, no run short of a length at off stump, defended on the back fooot;
19.3;?;Finn to Voges, no run nicely bowled! Touch fuller this time, brings Voges onto the front foot and the ball tails away to beat the outside edge;
19.2;?;Finn to Voges, no run similar line and length, hint of movement, Voges lets it go through again;
19.1;?;Finn to Voges, no run good length outside off, 86mph, shoulders arms;
18.6;4;Broad to Rogers, FOUR runs full and angling in towards middle, Rogers flicks that nicely by closing the face of the bat, using his wrists, to get four on the leg side again;
18.5;?;Broad to Rogers, no run short of length and shaping it in a bit, Rogers lets it go;
18.4;1lb;Broad to Voges, 1 leg bye optimistic appeal from Broad as that was going down leg, hit him high around leg stump and there was the angle and the inswing;
18.3;?;Broad to Voges, no run 86mph, from wide of the crease and beats him this time. Back of length and coming in sharply, Voges' bat came down late as he was struck on the thigh pad;
18.2;?;Broad to Voges, no run full and swinging in again, Voges drives it on the on side now, to mid-on;
18.1;4;Broad to Voges, FOUR runs good inswing towards the off stump, he drives it back uppishly, just to the right of Broad and past the stumps for four;
17.6;4;Finn to Rogers, FOUR runs that's short, that's pulled, that's four! Too short from Finn as it gave Rogers time and he pulled it in the huge and wide gap on the leg side along the ground;
17.5;?;Finn to Rogers, no run on the stumps off length, pushed back with a straight bat;
17.4;1;Finn to Voges, 1 run back of length on middle now and it's tucked to fine leg for one;
17.3;?;Finn to Voges, no run on length around off, he defends it back to the bowler;
17.2;?;Finn to Voges, no run good, short ball coming in. Voges first went on his toes and then decided to duck under it;
17.1;3;Finn to Rogers, 3 runs length delivery on the pads and that's worked easily down to the mid-on region. There's nobody out there so Bairstow has to run a few miles from cover as they take three;
16.6;?;Broad to Voges, no run right on the stumps now, Voges closes the face to defend it to leg again;
16.5;2;Broad to Voges, 2 runs back of length outside off now, some bounce and Voges pokes to get a thick outside edge past point for two;
16.4;?;Broad to Voges, no run nice delivery seaming in from outside off, wide enough to be left alone;
16.3;?;Broad to Voges, no run full this time around off, Voges leans into it and drives to mid-on;
16.2;?;Broad to Voges, no run stays back and defends the delivery to leg again;
16.1;?;Broad to Voges, no run takes a small step forward and closes the face of the bat to defend the incoming delivery to the leg side;
15.6;?;Finn to Rogers, no run short of length outside off, he pushes that square wide of point but there's Stokes at deepish backward point to stop that;
15.5;?;Finn to Rogers, no run wider outside the off stump, he lets it go easily;
15.4;?;Finn to Rogers, no run extra bounce at 87mph, it nipped in too as Rogers went on his toes on the back foot and the ball struck his left elbow and then then into waist;
15.3;4;Finn to Rogers, FOUR runs too full on off and Rogers pounces on that with a firm drive right through the extra-cover region for four;
15.2;?;Finn to Rogers, no run teasing line this time outside off with the angle, Rogers withdraws his bat at the last moment;
15.1;?;Finn to Rogers, no run back of length on middle and leg, Rogers goes on his toes to defend it back;
14.6;?;Broad to Voges, no run on length this time on the off stump, he defends it back;
14.5;4;Broad to Voges, FOUR runs 84mph, fuller on the off stump and it's driven down nicely with a straight bat, away from the fielders. Bairstow runs in hard to the long-off boundary, puts in a slide but can't keep it in;
14.4;?;Broad to Voges, no run similar length delivery outside the off stump, left again;
14.3;?;Broad to Voges, no run this one goes straight outside the off stump, left alone easily;
14.2;?;Broad to Voges, no run towards off stump this time, Voges covers the stumps and defends to the leg side;
14.1;?;Broad to Voges, no run coming in slightly from outside off, Voges watches carefully and leaves;
13.6;2;Finn to Rogers, 2 runs touch fuller on the off stump and Rogers drives that nicely to the cover-point region in the gap for two;
13.5;?;Finn to Rogers, no run back of length around off stump, he defends off the back foot;
13.4;4;Finn to Rogers, FOUR runs stays back in the crease and guides this length delivery, angling across, just past Stokes at backward point. Gets four as there's nobody in the deep;
13.3;1;Finn to Voges, 1 run defends the back of length ball outside off again, and Rogers pushes him for a quick single;
13.2;?;Finn to Voges, no run squares him up a little bit with this back of length delivery that was shaping away, Voges defends on the back foot;
13.1;?;Finn to Voges, no run 86mph, almost in the block hole on the off stump, Voges blocks it back with a straight bat;
12.6;?;Broad to Rogers, no run wider outside the off stump, wide enough to be left alone;
12.5;?;Broad to Rogers, no run beauty outside off after it pitched around middle, had the angle as Rogers covered his stumps and withdrew his bat at the end;
12.4;?;Broad to Rogers, no run pretty wide outside off now, moving away further and he lets it go;
12.3;?;Broad to Rogers, no run towards the pads and Rogers tucks it gently towards mid-on;
12.2;?;Broad to Rogers, no run waay outside off and going away further, left easily;
12.1;4;Broad to Rogers, FOUR runs shouts of "catch it", that went just over Stokes at backward point! Rogers leaned towards the ball well outside off as it moved away, pushed at it and the thick edge managed to go over point, and for four;
11.6;?;Finn to Voges, no run good bounce to end the over, widish outside off and it's left again;
11.5;?;Finn to Voges, no run itched up this time outside off, Voges leans forward towards it and lets it go;
11.4;?;Finn to Voges, no run much straighter and closer to off, back of length and he shoulders arms;
11.3;?;Finn to Voges, no run slightly wide first ball to Voges outside off, moving away further and left alone;
11.2;W;Finn to Clarke, OUT and another! Finn has two...and it's a bit like Clarke's dismissal in 2005 to Harmison! Not a slower ball this time, but it's very full and finds its way under Clarke's bat. Clarke seemed a little late on trying to get his bat down, but pinpoint bowling from Finn. What a comeback story developing.;Michael Clarke b Finn 10 (16m 10b 2x4 0x6) SR: 100;
11.1;1;Finn to Rogers, 1 run tucked off the pads to long leg;
10.6;4;Anderson to Clarke, FOUR runs streaky from Clarke as he's lured into a drive at a full ball and the thick edge flies between third slip and gully;
10.5;4;Anderson to Clarke, FOUR runs well, that will say four in the scorebook...he's gone to leave the ball, was a late decision, and as he withdrew the bat it glanced off the face and deflected between Buttler and Cook. Wasn't a catch;
10.4;1lb;Anderson to Rogers, 1 leg bye short of a length on leg stump, takes the thigh guard towards fine leg;
10.3;1;Anderson to Clarke, 1 run fuller on the stumps, onto the front foot and pushes to the covers;
10.2;?;Anderson to Clarke, no run better delivery from Anderson, back outside off, nips away off the seam and Clarke pushes at it...but such was the movement that he missed it by a long way;
10.1;4lb;Anderson to Clarke, 4 leg byes angled into leg stump, Clarke goes to flick it away and the ball glances off the pad wide of Buttler to fine leg;
9.6;?;Finn to Rogers, no run flicks a straight delivery off his pad towards short leg;
9.5;?;Finn to Rogers, no run back of a length at off stump, defended tight to his body and it runs to gully;
9.4;1;Finn to Clarke, 1 run he's off the mark as he pushes a back-of-a-length delivery into the covers;
9.3;?;Finn to Clarke, no run straighter delivery, back of a length on middle, defended to the off side;
9.2;?;Finn to Clarke, no run fuller outside off, 89mph, good pace, left alone;
9.1;?;Finn to Clarke, no run short outside off, cut to backward point...perhaps fortunate to get away with that, Clarke's first ball;
8.6;?;Anderson to Rogers, no run back on middle and off, short of a length, defended on his toes to cover;
8.5;?;Anderson to Rogers, no run flash and a miss! Short and wide, Rogers went after it with an attempted cut and didn't make contact;
8.4;?;Anderson to Rogers, no run what a ball! Another beauty. Full on middle and off, moves away off the seam to beat the outside edge;
8.3;?;Anderson to Rogers, no run a bouncer, 85mph, over middle and off, Rogers ducks;
8.2;?;Anderson to Rogers, no run defended square to point;
8.1;?;Anderson to Rogers, no run short of a length outside off, pushed into the covers;
7.6;W;Finn to Smith, OUT he's done it! Finn strikes in his first over...and what a wicket it is. In the channel outside off, Smith feeling for it outside off and the edge carries low to Cook at first slip. Lovely delivery, in fact;Steven Smith c Cook b Finn 7 (26m 18b 1x4 0x6) SR: 38.88;
7.5;4;Finn to Smith, FOUR runs good response from Smith, comes forward into an over-pitched ball outside off and eases it through the covers with a lovely drive;
7.4;?;Finn to Smith, no run well bowled, but loose stroke! Short of a length, well outside off, Smith is pushing at it well away from his body and the ball bounces over the edge;
7.3;?;Finn to Smith, no run fuller at off stump, 85mph, pushed to mid-on;
7.2;?;Finn to Smith, no run back of a length outside off, was quite wide but Smith gets so far across he ends up defending the delivery which runs to gully;
7.1;?;Finn to Smith, no run starts full outside off, 82mph, swings away outside off and is left alone;
6.6;?;Anderson to Rogers, no run worked from off stump to the leg side;
6.5;?;Anderson to Rogers, no run good bowling, goes for the fuller one now, he's stuck back in the crease and is reaching out for the ball which goes in the air but wide of gully and short of point;
6.4;?;Anderson to Rogers, no run that's a good nut, short of a length, significant movement off the seam which jags it away from Rogers who is nearly drawn into following it;
6.3;?;Anderson to Rogers, no run on middle and off, defended to the leg side;
6.2;1;Anderson to Smith, 1 run gets right across the crease again and tucks a delivery from outside off into midwicket, he almost loses his footing but is able to get through for the single;
6.1;?;Anderson to Smith, no run full outside off, hint of shape away, left alone;
5.6;?;Broad to Rogers, no run pushed across wide outside off, through to the keeper;
5.5;?;Broad to Rogers, no run gets it fuller this time, Rogers tries to get onto the front foot to drive, forces it back towards Broad in his follow through;
5.4;?;Broad to Rogers, no run full outside off, defended into the covers;
5.3;?;Broad to Rogers, no run tighter to off stump, back of a length, Rogers across the crease and pushes at it with an open blade...Stokes makes a diving save at backward point;
5.2;?;Broad to Rogers, no run pushed wider outside off, no need to play at that for Rogers;
5.1;?;Broad to Rogers, no run full outside off, 85mph, left alone;
4.6;?;Anderson to Smith, no run full outside off, Smith not tempted into a drive so early in his innings with the ball nipping around;
4.5;?;Anderson to Smith, no run full and straight, 83mph, punched up to mid-on;
4.4;?;Anderson to Smith, no run a touch fuller, defended to the off side;
4.3;?;Anderson to Smith, no run back of a length outside off, defended towards the bowler from the back foot;
4.2;?;Anderson to Smith, no run through to the keeper, Smith ended up outside off stump he moved so far across the crease;
4.1;?;Anderson to Smith, no run full outside off, left alone;
3.6;4;Broad to Rogers, FOUR runs this time he attacks the short ball, connects pretty well although not entirely in control as there's a decent amount of top edge but gets it well wide of long leg;
3.5;?;Broad to Rogers, no run nicely bowled, back of a length just outside off and comes back into the left hander as he leaves alone...significant movement;
3.4;?;Broad to Rogers, no run another short one, good line at middle and leg, makes him play this time and he jabs at it somewhat uncertainly with his hands thrust in front of his face...the ball lobs back down the pitch;
3.3;?;Broad to Rogers, no run first short ball to Rogers, not a full on bouncer, over off stump and just sways comfortably out of the line;
3.2;1;Broad to Smith, 1 run squeezes this full delivery away from outside off behind square on the leg side, Broad left with his hands on his head;
3.1;?;Broad to Smith, no run very full outside off, 84mph, Smith across his crease and jabs it towards mid-off;
2.6;?;Anderson to Rogers, no run full at the stumps, defended into the covers...an excellent over from Anderson;
2.5;?;Anderson to Rogers, no run another cracking delivery! Anderson is making it talk at the moment. This was short of a length and climbed, then jagged away to scoot past Rogers' outside edge as he prodded away from his body;
2.4;1;Anderson to Smith, 1 run he's off the mark as he pushes square into the off side;
2.3;?;Anderson to Smith, no run inswinger first ball! Big appeal for lbw, but Smith has got so far across the crease that he's stuck outside the line of off stump;
2.2;W;Anderson to Warner, OUT early strike! Anderson pins Warner lbw, but he reviews after a long discussion. Did it pitch in line? Was reasonably short. Certainly no edge. Pitches on middle and leg, nips back off the seam, and that's hitting middle!;David Warner lbw b Anderson 2 (12m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
2.1;?;Anderson to Warner, no run comes forward into a full delivery, loses his shape a little as he goes for the drives and the ball bobbles towards mid-on;
1.6;?;Broad to Rogers, no run touch shorter outside off, decent carry through to Buttler but no great pace early on;
1.5;?;Broad to Rogers, no run back outside off, drags the length back, Rogers shuffles across then leaves alone;
1.4;4;Broad to Rogers, FOUR runs that's a friendly delivery, full on middle and leg, shaping into the pads and Rogers picks him off through midwicket will a well-timed clip;
1.3;?;Broad to Rogers, no run full outside off, left alone, just a hint of swing;
1.2;?;Broad to Rogers, no run well bowled, goes for an early yorker, on middle and off, dug out back to the bowler;
1.1;?;Broad to Rogers, no run full and wide outside off, left alone;
0.6;?;Anderson to Warner, no run more width this time, cut firmly but he can't beat Stokes at backward point;
0.5;2;Anderson to Warner, 2 runs nicely bowled, more movement for Anderson, full outside off, draws Warner forward and it squirts off a thick outside edge wide of gully although was never in the air for very long;
0.4;?;Anderson to Warner, no run fuller this time, 82mph, outside off and driven off the toe end towards mid-off;
0.3;?;Anderson to Warner, no run on a length at off stump, defended to mid-off;
0.2;1;Anderson to Rogers, 1 run is this a runout! Drama straight away. Rogers shovelled a length delivery into the leg side, just to the left of mid-on, there appeared some uncertainty over the run and Warner had to dive full-length for his crease. Broad brings out the direct hit. England were excited, but the TV replay showed he had used his reach to good effect.;
0.1;?;Anderson to Rogers, no run a beauty! Terrific start by Anderson, pitches just short of a length then seams and nips away to beat Rogers' outside edge;

James Anderson prepares himself...
Well, the good news is that the umpires and players are on the way out. The rain is holding off. Alastair Cook leads out England, then followed by David Warner and Chris Rogers...
ajit: "What is the rationale for replacing Wood with Finn - is it an injury? Because Wood has been very good." Wood has a bit of an ankle problem and worries over his workload
Mark Long: "England's team fits on one line on cricinfo? that's surely unheard of!" Ha, good spot. Although may depend on your screen resolution
10.55am Rohit Mehta: "Stuart Broad and Mitchell Johnson seem to have remarkably similar career stats so far- both started playing tests in 2007, have scored close to 2000 runs and taken close to 300 wickets. Their batting average is 23 and bowling average is in the late 20's. They have also scored 1 hundred apiece and taken almost the same number of catches as well as 5-wkt hauls!! If only Broad could grow a similar moustache!" Hmmm...Broad with a handlebar moustache
A few umbrellas going up. Talk about timing!
10.50am Perry: "Are all your comments from Aussies? Enough this morning for Australia to be 3 wickets down by lunch. Let's be positive!"
Matt Hope: "Give over with the negative comments about the game being over because we are bowling. Get behind them."
Steve Wood: "What does the wicket look like? Any grass on it?" Certainty a decent amount of grass. Might be some early help. But should then flatten out into a good 'un for batting. Perhaps some uneven bounce/turn later.
Hint of rain in the air...cover is poised, but doesn't look too bad at the moment. Fingers crossed.
10.45am The main cover is lurking to the side of the main strip. A chance of the odd shower during the first part of today, but generally the forecast for the match is pretty good.
Damian: "England's doom looks sealed already in my opinion" Doomed, I say, doomed...
Murli: "It is almost irritating how nice a bloke McGrath is and makes such good commentary and sense. For all the years of misery he heaped on teams and broken hearts of non-Aussie fans (esp. me), I am a converted fan."
Gazza: "Big twist in this one. Quick early wickets I reckon - just for fun."
10.35am Keith: "Australia's batting first. Game's over." Well, that's simple
Richard O'Hagan: "Interesting that Australia have stuck with Nevill. Is this the end of Haddin's career?" Yes, you'd have to think so
Ray: "Feel for Bell. Even if England bowl well he'll likely be coming with us 300 runs behind, playing "out of position" and told to do or be axed. Did the selectors lean nothing from the recent Trott debacle?" Not really sure he's out of position like the Trott situation - he has batted No. 3 before - but he's out of form, for sure


In first-class games at Edgbaston this season: fast bowlers - 151 wickets, 27.97 average; spinners - 31 wickets, 50.22 average ? S Rajesh (@rajeshstats) July 29, 2015


10.30am Here we go...Australia win the toss and bat "Looks a good wicket, might be something in it this morning," says Clarke. And he confirms an unchanged team.
"We'd have batted as well," says Cook, "it looks a really good wicket. We'll have to bowl well." He confirms Finn in for Wood.
England 1 Adam Lyth, 2 Alastair Cook (capt), 3 Ian Bell, 4 Joe Root, 5 Jonny Bairstow, 6 Ben Stokes, 7 Jos Buttler (wk), 8 Moeen Ali, 9 Stuart Broad, 10 Steven Finn, 11 James Anderson
Australia 1 Chris Rogers, 2 David Warner, 3 Steven Smith, 4 Michael Clarke (capt), 5 Adam Voges, 6 Mitchell Marsh, 7 Peter Nevill (wk), 8 Mitchell Johnson, 9 Mitchell Starc, 10 Josh Hazlewood, 11 Nathan Lyon
David: "Think Mark's hit the nail on the head. Feel Australia's peak is probably higher, but England's best is good enough to win. Ultimately comes down to who has the player that plays the match-defining innings because of the quality in the respective bowling attacks."
10.25am Five minutes to the toss, the ground is slowing filling up.
Jagdeep: "Last Aussie performance at Lord's was so complete that one can't really figure out any weak spots,except maybe replace Rogers with Shaun Marsh due to his injury and the latter's scintillating form." Looks like Rogers plays...
Mark: "How things change! After the 1st Test we thought that we had a real contest on our hands. After the 2nd Test it looks like business as usual. Just think back to 2009 though when England took a surprise lead after a winter upheaval and being completely outplayed in the 1st Test. Australia levelled with a massive win in the 4th Test, seemingly taking back the initiative, only for England to win comprehensively the 5th and take the series. One has the sneaking suspicion that winning the toss has had a rather unhealthy effect on the result in the first two Tests. In which case, the state of the two sides may not be as it seems. Both continue to have real vulnerabilities. "
10.15am Karthik: "The long gap between the last test and this one was unbearable! I missed Andrew's 'old boy' comments!" The 'old boy' will be back during this match
"Looks like a bowl-first pitch, for sure," says Ricky Ponting with a broad smile on his face. Shane Warne asked what he thought of that decision in 2005. He remained pretty diplomatic.
joseph : "Hi, Everyone..Will Rashid play today, any idea Gnasher, What's the playing 11 from England?" Nope, Rashid won't play. Finn for Wood by looks of it (and Bairstow, of course)
Manu: "Gnasher, does cricinfo have a scheme as to reward the best commentator by giving him a free ticket to the next test?" Sadly not, although I might suggest it to the boss!
10.05am Plenty of warm-ups going on in the middle. Everyone needs to be careful they step on a stray ball...we all know what happened in 2005. Turned into a quiet Test.
stevev: " 'Turned into a quiet Test' - actually it was quite noisy, and eventful - glove, ball, 2 runs, hand not on bat maybe?"
Sid: "Can't wait for the match to begin considering how the series is poised and the number of sub-plots that are to play out through the game, especially with some of the changes that have been made. Speaking of which, I really like the selection of Nevill over Haddin, indicating the professionalism and lack of sentimentality displayed by the selectors - something that us Indian fans are not at all used to!"
10.00am Will Macpherson dug out a terrific stat regarding the the make-up of the England team for this match.
Andy: "Hearing that Rogers was a guest of Cricket Australia at a supporters function last night. Chance of him sitting this one out and Marsh coming in?" That's been mentioned this morning. People not entirely sure what it means. We'll find out soon.
Meanwhile, Steven Finn is marking out his run...would suggest that confirms England's second change. It would be his first Test since the opening Ashes game in 2013, more than two years ago.
9.55am An early weather report is that it is "beautiful" according to Mr Dobell. Would be surprised if he said anything else.
Harry: "Morning Guys. What are the overhead conditions like? I'm 100 miles away in Somerset and it's cold, grey and blustery. Difficult decision at the toss." Has to be bat first...don't make Ponting's mistake of 2005.
James: "Buzzing for today Gnasher. Should be a good one. Hopefully Bell will come good and Bairstow step up after a good county run." Massive game for England's top order, especially Ian Bell.
Sumit: "Really disappointed to see Balance being dropped. Bell should have been dropped and now I don't see any way for England to win this one."
9.50am It's on again. After a chance for everyone to reflect on the start of the series, the Ashes resumes at Edgbaston today - 10 years on from one of the greatest Tests of all time. It's 1-1 but the general feeling is that it's advantage Australia after the way they demolished England at Lord's. What will the next five (or four, or three) days have in store? It's Gnasher with you to start with and along with Vishal we'll bring you the action, with Andrew Miller and Alan Gardner chipping in as well.
I will pass on team news just as soon as we get it, but the vibes from the England camp - as reported by George Dobell this morning - are that Steven Finn will replace Mark Wood. We also know that Peter Nevill retains his place ahead of Brad Haddin.
Can England bounce back from Lord's? Well, here's six things (we all love lists) that they have to do if they are to reprise Cardiff. There were far fewer issues for Australia after Lord's, but one of them remains the form of Michael Clarke - Ricky Ponting tells him to keep it simple.
 Innings Start
So Australia take the last three wickets for four runs, but England's lead is 145 on a pitch still offering plenty of help. A vital stand between Moeen and Broad to follow Root's runs. Johnson was hostile, but the other seamers weren't fantastic. Lyon's wickets helped fill the void, but now Australia have a huge batting task ahead of them.
Now, back to Cornish pasties. Will Luke, formerly of this parish, sends a note: "Re Cornish pasties, the most important signifier of its roots - Cornish or not - is the crimping. If it's on the side - Cornish. If it's crimped in the middle, it's a disgraceful, interloping Devon variety. #largesteakplease."
Pradeep singh: "I think again Ayush went for coffee ;)"
67.1;W;Starc to Anderson, OUT and that's that! Took him just one ball. On a length outside off and a regulation edge is pouched, although in the webbing by Nevill!;James Anderson c ?Nevill b Starc 3 (5m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 150;
66.6;?;Hazlewood to Finn, no run nips away off the seam and beats the edge;
66.5;?;Hazlewood to Finn, no run short of a length on the hip, tucked behind square...Nevill runs around;
66.4;3;Hazlewood to Anderson, 3 runs the Burnley Lara is away first ball with a square drive behind point, Warner manages to flick it back just in time;
66.3;W;Hazlewood to Ali, OUT finds third man! Moeen throwing his hands through a wide delivery, it skews off a healthy top edge down to Warner who is placed near the boundary and barely has to move;Moeen Ali c Warner b Hazlewood 59 (103m 78b 11x4 0x6) SR: 75.64;
66.2;?;Hazlewood to Ali, no run back of a length, 85mph, defended;
66.1;?;Hazlewood to Ali, no run goes for a pull to a ball that wasn't that short, he's early on the shot and ends up miscuing to mid-off;
65.6;?;Lyon to Finn, no run pushed to silly point;
65.5;?;Lyon to Finn, no run outside off, brings him forward, runs to point;
65.4;?;Lyon to Finn, no run dead-batted to the off side;
65.3;?;Lyon to Finn, no run stretches forward and defends;
65.2;?;Lyon to Finn, no run round the wicket, full at middle, the Watford Wall prods to the leg side;
65.1;1;Lyon to Ali, 1 run pushed into the covers and he's happy to expose Finn;
64.6;W;Hazlewood to Broad, OUT he's gone this time, Broad going for the pull against a short delivery outside off and takes the bottom of the bat then it lands in the hands of mid-on. Tight for a no-ball, but a fraction behind the line;Stuart Broad c Marsh b Hazlewood 31 (73m 55b 3x4 0x6) SR: 56.36;
64.5;4;Hazlewood to Broad, FOUR runs stand and deliver! Super shot from Broad, drives on the up through the covers and beats the off-side sweeper this time;
64.4;?;Hazlewood to Broad, no run swing and a miss at a short-of-a-length delivery;
64.3;1;Hazlewood to Ali, 1 run flayed through the off side, short outside off, Moeen bring out his power now...Lyon scoots around the boundary edge;
64.2;?;Hazlewood to Ali, no run full at off stump, flicked to mid-on;
64.1;?;Hazlewood to Ali, no run short of a length, driven very firmly off the back foot, it's in the air but falls short of mid-off;
63.6;?;Lyon to Broad, no run defended into the off side;
63.5;1;Lyon to Ali, 1 run angled into the pads, flicked through square leg;
63.4;2;Lyon to Ali, 2 runs gets down early and paddle-sweeps this from outside off towards fine leg...he's manipulating the field very well;
63.3;?;Lyon to Ali, no run short and cracked to cover;
63.2;?;Lyon to Ali, no run a straighter one slides on outside off, Moeen leaves...was reasonably tight;
63.1;4;Lyon to Ali, FOUR runs down the pitch, lofted over mid-off...came off low down the bat so doesn't quite have the legs to clear the ropes but well clear of the infield;
62.6;?;Hazlewood to Broad, no run short and down the leg side;
62.5;2;Hazlewood to Broad, 2 runs now Broad slashes off the back foot over the off side, wide of the point sweeper;
62.4;1;Hazlewood to Ali, 1 run short of a length outside off, cut to deep point and it takes Moeen to a fifty - given the way he struggled before lunch it is a notable effort, and of immense value;
62.3;?;Hazlewood to Ali, no run full at middle and off, clipped to mid-on;
62.2;?;Hazlewood to Ali, no run full, angled across outside off, left alone;
62.1;?;Hazlewood to Ali, no run full outside off, pushed to the covers;
61.6;?;Lyon to Broad, no run shorter outside off, pushed square to backward point;
61.5;1;Lyon to Ali, 1 run connects cleanly with this sweep from outside off and it races to deep midwicket;
61.4;1;Lyon to Broad, 1 run smart batting from Broad, pushed into the big space in the off side;
61.3;1;Lyon to Ali, 1 run sweeps from outside off, takes a bottom edge through short fine leg;
61.2;?;Lyon to Ali, no run uses his feet then pads the delivery away;
61.1;1;Lyon to Broad, 1 run pushed square into the off side to give the strike back to Moeen, who has the whole of Edgbaston behind him by the sounds of it (probably minus a few Aussies);
60.6;4;Johnson to Ali, FOUR runs over mid-off! Moeen is cutting loose, steps forward into a full delivery and drives it well over mid-off...didn't even try to keep it down;
60.5;?;Johnson to Ali, no run full outside off, 89mph, punched to mid-on;
60.4;4;Johnson to Ali, FOUR runs short and pulled again! Boundaries flowing since lunch, another strong pull from Moeen which is placed wide of long leg;
60.3;?;Johnson to Ali, no run now Mitch is down in his follow through after sending down a back of a length delivery which Moeen defends...ooh, that could have been nasty, turns his ankle;
60.2;4;Johnson to Ali, FOUR runs repeats the stroke from the previous over, takes a full ball from outside off and drills it straight of mid-on with that late turn of the wrists...a different Moeen since lunch;
60.1;?;Johnson to Ali, no run full at off stump, defended to cover;
59.6;?;Lyon to Broad, no run defended square to backward point;
59.5;?;Lyon to Broad, no run comes forward and prods to the covers;
59.4;?;Lyon to Broad, no run plays a full delivery off the back foot into the covers;
59.3;?;Lyon to Broad, no run extra bounce outside off, beats Broad's top edge as he tries to force off the back foot;
59.2;?;Lyon to Broad, no run stretches forward on middle and off, an inside runs to short leg;
59.1;?;Lyon to Broad, no run full at off stump, pushed to the cover;
58.6;4;Johnson to Ali, FOUR runs well, playing and missing is following by another ripping stroke...flicks a full ball from outside off and wristly flicks it straight of mid-on;
58.5;?;Johnson to Ali, no run a flat-footed drive this time, full outside off and Moeen throws his hands through a drive;
58.4;?;Johnson to Ali, no run beats him again outside off, short of a length and Moeen trying to slash it over point;
58.3;4;Johnson to Ali, FOUR runs short on leg stump, and that's a superbly well-controlled pull by Moeen as he swivels and rolls his wrists to bisect deep square and long leg;
58.2;?;Johnson to Ali, no run wide again, flash and a miss this time from Moeen as his eyes light up;
58.1;?;Johnson to Ali, no run wide outside off, 86mph, left alone;
57.6;?;Lyon to Broad, no run full at off stump, prodded to the covers;
57.5;2;Lyon to Broad, 2 runs straighter delivery, angled into leg stump, tucked behind square on the leg side and it's a tight second run...Moeen has to get his skates on at the non-striker's end;
57.4;4;Lyon to Broad, FOUR runs short outside off again, slashed off the back foot and it flies wide of second slip to third man...precious runs and the lead goes to three figures;
57.3;?;Lyon to Broad, no run forward and defends;
57.2;4;Lyon to Broad, FOUR runs nicely played, dropped a touch short outside off and Broad drives it off the back foot square through the covers;
57.1;?;Lyon to Broad, no run round the wicket, full on leg stump, straightens a touch and takes the pad...half an appeal for lbw;
56.6;?;Johnson to Ali, no run a loopy bouncer over off stump, Moeen drops his hands;
56.5;4;Johnson to Ali, FOUR runs close to Nevill...was it bat? Yes, it was. Angled into the hip, Moeen glances it away, takes a thin edge and it just clips Nevill's right glove as he dives;
56.4;1;Johnson to Broad, 1 run well bowled, but also well played, short at off stump, Broad stands tall and defends, the ball slides off a slightly open face into backward point;
56.3;?;Johnson to Broad, no run a bouncer over off stump, 88mph, Broad ducks;
56.2;?;Johnson to Broad, no run short leg in danger again! Broad pulls strongly and it rockets into Rogers who is under the helmet...takes him on the boot;
56.1;2;Johnson to Broad, 2 runs full outside off, pushed firmly into the covers and Broad is underway after the break with a brace;
55.6;1;Lyon to Broad, 1 run teasing line outside off, Broad reaches out and defends it by keeping his head down to help it to third man;
55.5;?;Lyon to Broad, no run quicker one on the off stump, Broad blocks it in time;
55.4;?;Lyon to Broad, no run goes across to the off side and the ball goes to the boundary off the pad. But no shot offered;
55.3;?;Lyon to Broad, no run touch shorter and wider, he lets it go to the keeper;
55.2;?;Lyon to Broad, no run lots of flight on the off stump, he blocks again;
55.1;?;Lyon to Broad, no run gets to the ball outside off and blocks it into the covers;
54.6;?;Starc to Ali, no run almost in the block hole outside off, Moeen blocks it back;
54.5;?;Starc to Ali, no run into the pads again, clipped to leg and square leg dives to stop that;
54.4;4;Starc to Ali, FOUR runs take that! Big and extravagant drive for the length delivery that came with room and he dispatched that over the covers for a cracking four. Big follow through on that one;
54.3;?;Starc to Ali, no run not much footwork but drives it off the middle to cover;
54.2;?;Starc to Ali, no run stifled appeal as this one hits him on the pads but is going down leg;
54.1;?;Starc to Ali, no run another Starc delivery goes down the leg side, past Moeen's pads;
53.6;?;Lyon to Broad, no run just outside off and he drives it softly to backward point;
53.5;1;Lyon to Ali, 1 run fuller outside off, negates the spin by driving it on the full to mid-off;
53.4;?;Lyon to Ali, no run bit of flight outside off, not much turn and he lets it go;
53.3;?;Lyon to Ali, no run defends off the middle of the bat as it was closer to the stumps and he got to it easily;
53.2;?;Lyon to Ali, no run beats him with some turn and bounce outside off, Moeen leaned into it but was beaten;
53.1;1;Lyon to Broad, 1 run presses forward to push the ball into the covers for one;
52.6;?;Starc to Ali, no run pokes and misses again outside off, it shaped away a bit and beat Moeen;
52.5;?;Starc to Ali, no run 87.6, late swing for the fuller delivery outside off, Moeen drives and misses again. Wasn't too far from the outside edge;
52.4;?;Starc to Ali, no run just outside off, he pushes it down off the front foot;
52.3;?;Starc to Ali, no run on length around off now, he defends it back gently;
52.2;4;Starc to Ali, FOUR runs another edge for Moeen, another one over the slips. It was pretty wide outside off, Moeen swung his arms and got a thick edge over Clarke for four;
52.1;?;Starc to Ali, no run outside the off stump on length and he defends it back;
51.6;1;Lyon to Ali, 1 run pushes this one into the covers to get one this time;
51.5;?;Lyon to Ali, no run gets an outside edge with turn and bounce but Moeen did well to drop his hands in the end to make it fall short of Clarke;
51.4;?;Lyon to Ali, no run he can't connect with those as it turns from length again, Moeen leans forward a bit but misses;
51.3;?;Lyon to Ali, no run goes for a big swing on the off side, it turns again and he's beaten again;
51.2;?;Lyon to Ali, no run tries to sweep against the turn, misses and that gets Clarke's boot after turning away;
51.1;?;Lyon to Ali, no run beats him outside off with some turn as Moeen pokes;
50.6;?;Johnson to Broad, no run yes, it's a bouncer, Broad looks to scoop it over the slips but misses;
50.5;?;Johnson to Broad, no run more on the leg side and goes past Broad's pads down leg;
50.4;1;Johnson to Ali, 1 run brings it in from length and Moeen clips it behind square on leg for one;
50.3;1;Johnson to Broad, 1 run too wide outside off, Broad strikes it nicely and gets one towards third man;
50.2;?;Johnson to Broad, no run bangs in the short ball, Broad ducks under it just in time;
50.1;?;Johnson to Broad, no run shapes it into the batsman, it's clipped to leg but Rogers grabs it with left hand and scares Broad to run him out. He dives back in time;
49.6;?;Lyon to Ali, no run fullish on the stumps, he drives it firmly to point off the front foot;
49.5;2b;Lyon to Ali, 2 byes swings it big on the off side, that misses the outside edge after some considerable bounce, misses Nevill's gloves and then goes over Clarke for byes;
49.4;1;Lyon to Broad, 1 run on the stumps on middle and off, he rocks back to clip it to leg for one;
49.3;?;Lyon to Broad, no run presses forward for the length delivery and blocks on the off side;
49.2;?;Lyon to Broad, no run fuller outside off with flight and Broad drives it to backward point;
49.1;?;Lyon to Broad, no run bit of turn and bounce outside the off stump, Broad goes back and gets a thickish edge;
48.6;1;Johnson to Broad, 1 run tries the yorker, it's full on the pads and Broad chips it slightly towards mid-on for one more;
48.5;1;Johnson to Ali, 1 run on length outside off, he pushes it gently into the covers for a quick single and makes it as Starc's throw from cover gets Moeen's bat on the way;
48.4;1;Johnson to Broad, 1 run pulls the bouncer but manages only a bottom edge towards fine leg for one;
48.3;?;Johnson to Broad, no run errs a bit down the leg side with one from short of length past the batsman;
48.2;?;Johnson to Broad, no run angles it in this time from back of length, it deflects off the thigh pad towards short leg. Moeen wants one, Broad doesn't;
48.1;2;Johnson to Broad, 2 runs short ball outside off, Broad scoops that behind square on the off side with a cut that goes far from third man for two;
47.6;?;Lyon to Ali, no run shorter and wider, cuts it off the back foot to cover point;
47.5;?;Lyon to Ali, no run lets this one go outside the off stump;
47.4;?;Lyon to Ali, no run unleashes a powerful slog-sweep against the turn but it's hit Voges on the side after a bounce;
47.3;2;Lyon to Ali, 2 runs touch shorter and Moeen keeps this one down, but it's an edge again and goes past Clarke for two more;
47.2;4;Lyon to Ali, FOUR runs there's flight, there's a thick edge and it flies a bit far from Clarke at slip to the third-man boundary for four. Lyon tossed it up and made Moeen drive away from his body and drew the edge, but Moeen gets four for that;
47.1;?;Lyon to Ali, no run bit of flight outside off, Moeen defends on the front foot;
46.6;?;Johnson to Broad, no run short and angling in, he stays back and pushes it towards mid-on;
46.5;2;Johnson to Broad, 2 runs gets off the mark by driving that a bit tentatively into the covers for two;
46.4;?;Johnson to Broad, no run just misses the outside edge and off stump! It was a touch short of good length around off and moved away just a hint to beat him. Fell short of the keeper though;
46.3;?;Johnson to Broad, no run short ball outside off now, he stays back and lets it go;
46.2;?;Johnson to Broad, no run gets in the short ball towards the leg side, Broad looks to tuck to leg but misses;
46.1;1;Johnson to Ali, 1 run length delivery outside off, he drives it nicely into the covers for one;
45.6;?;Lyon to Broad, no run reaches out towards the ball and defends on off again;
45.5;?;Lyon to Broad, no run leans into it and guides it to backward point;
45.4;?;Lyon to Broad, no run presses forward and defends the ball to off side;
45.3;W;Lyon to Buttler, OUT gets him lbw this time, the finger goes up instantly! Buttler has a short chat with Moeen and then walks, no review. Buttler went a bit too far across as Lyon flighted this one nicely on middle stump, it turned a bit and struck him right in front of middle and didn't bounce as much as the previous ball. Aleem Dar is convinced;Jos Buttler lbw b Lyon 9 (71m 38b 1x4 0x6) SR: 23.68;
45.2;?;Lyon to Buttler, no run loud appeal for bat-pad, umpire says not out and Clarke calls for a review. The ball lobbed off the pad to short leg and was taken cleanly. Third umpire checking if there's anything on Hotspot or RTS. Looks like there's nothing on them. But they are checking for lbw now, pitched in line, hitting in line, but going over, the decision stays;
45.1;?;Lyon to Buttler, no run on length on the stumps, he goes back and tucks it to short leg;
44.6;?;Johnson to Ali, no run shorter and wider outside off, left easily and that's a maiden;
44.5;?;Johnson to Ali, no run shortish outside off, wide enough for Moeen to drop his arms again;
44.4;?;Johnson to Ali, no run bouncer it is, and almost down the leg side. Moeen ducks under it;
44.3;?;Johnson to Ali, no run fuller and wider outside the off stump, moves it away and he leaves again;
44.2;?;Johnson to Ali, no run 87.4mph, short again, not a bouncer, it's outside off and he lets it go;
44.1;?;Johnson to Ali, no run it's a short one angling in a bit, Moeen stays back and defends to short leg;
43.6;2;Marsh to Buttler, 2 runs fullish on the pads now and Buttler flicks it away past midwicket in the gap for two;
43.5;?;Marsh to Buttler, no run no need to play at this one as it moves away again;
43.4;?;Marsh to Buttler, no run tad closer to off, almost making Buttler play. But it moves away and he leaves again;
43.3;?;Marsh to Buttler, no run shapes the length delivery away now, Buttles leans forward and leaves;
43.2;?;Marsh to Buttler, no run shorter outside off, it seams away and Buttler lets it go;
43.1;?;Marsh to Buttler, no run little bit of movement outside the off stump, thick edge goes towards fourth slip again. These ones not carrying maybe because they are playing with soft hands;
42.6;4;Starc to Ali, FOUR runs thicker edge and it was a touch wider outside off, it goes past Warner this time and runs away for four;
42.5;?;Starc to Ali, no run thick edge but falls well short of the slips. It was on length just outside off, he made Moeen poke at it and the edge fell short of Warner at fourth;
42.4;?;Starc to Ali, no run full on the off stump, pushed down easily to mid-off;
42.4;1w;Starc to Ali, 1 wide another wide - this one for banging in a bouncer that went well over Moeen;
42.4;1w;Starc to Ali, 1 wide that's way down the leg side for a massive wide. Nevill took a few steps to get to it;
42.3;?;Starc to Ali, no run angles in this shortish ball towards the batsman, he turns a bit and defends to the leg side;
42.2;?;Starc to Ali, no run on the off side, not movement and Moeen lets it go;
42.1;?;Starc to Ali, no run sends this one down the leg side past the batsman;
41.6;?;Marsh to Buttler, no run swings away outside off, a maiden from Marsh;
41.5;?;Marsh to Buttler, no run full on the stumps, punched to mid-on;
41.4;?;Marsh to Buttler, no run gentle awayswing outside off, left alone;
41.3;?;Marsh to Buttler, no run on the pads, glances fine towards the keeper who runs around to collect;
41.2;?;Marsh to Buttler, no run through to the keeper again;
41.1;?;Marsh to Buttler, no run full outside off, left alone;
40.6;W;Starc to Root, OUT well, would you believe it! Starc has been all over the place but he's got the HUGE wicket. Very full outside off, Rot jabs at it and gets a regulation edge to first slip. Voges used his hands this time. A waste from Root, and a massive bonus for Australia;Joe Root c Voges b Starc 63 (113m 75b 9x4 1x6) SR: 84;
40.5;?;Starc to Root, no run another one wasted outside off...poor stuff from Starc;
40.4;?;Starc to Root, no run very full and quite wide, left alone;
40.3;?;Starc to Root, no run back outside off, left alone...the radar isn't on;
40.2;4;Starc to Root, FOUR runs on leg stump again and flicked through square leg as Root keeps the scoreboard ticking...Clarke purses his lips at slip;
40.1;?;Starc to Root, no run very wide outside off, Nevill almost in front of first slip as he takes it;
39.6;1;Marsh to Root, 1 run back of a length outside off, forced off the back foot into the covers where Warner - at cover - can't quite cut it off which allows Root to keep the strike;
39.5;?;Marsh to Root, no run full at the stumps, flicked into midwicket where Rogers cuts it off;
39.4;?;Marsh to Root, no run full outside off, hint of swing, driven from the front foot to cover;
39.3;2;Marsh to Root, 2 runs short of a length at the body, very neatly played by Root as he gets inside the line and tucks it through square leg;
39.2;2;Marsh to Root, 2 runs short ball and a well controlled pull by Root, rolled his wrists and sent it behind square...Starc comes around the boundary, slides near the rope and just manges to keep the ball inside;
39.1;?;Marsh to Root, no run full outside off, 83mph, left alone;
38.6;?;Starc to Buttler, no run back on off stump, defended;
38.5;4;Starc to Buttler, FOUR runs good timing, wrong line again, on leg stump and flicked away wide of midwicket;
38.4;?;Starc to Buttler, no run poor ball again, full and down the leg side, this Nevill dives to his left and collects;
38.3;4b;Starc to Buttler, 4 byes fired down the leg side, Nevill can't collect and palms it away to fine leg for four byes...Starc hasn't got it right today, so far, from either end;
38.2;2;Starc to Buttler, 2 runs closer to off stump, he drives to the left of mid-off where Johnson slides over the ball and lets it through for a second;
38.1;?;Starc to Buttler, no run pushed across outside off, 85mph, left alone;
37.6;?;Marsh to Root, no run wider outside off, plenty of movement though...handy start for Marsh;
37.5;?;Marsh to Root, no run beaten again! Very nicely done, brings him forward into an attempted drive again and it tails past the edge;
37.4;?;Marsh to Root, no run close! Goes to drive a fuller ball and gets an inside edge that bobbles into his boot and very near to the stumps;
37.3;?;Marsh to Root, no run nice delivery! Starts tighter to off stump and jags away considerably off the seam from back of a length;
37.2;?;Marsh to Root, no run back of a length outside off, 81mph, left alone;
37.1;?;Marsh to Root, no run full outside off, left alone;
36.6;?;Johnson to Buttler, no run full outside off, going across Buttler who leaves it well alone;
36.5;?;Johnson to Buttler, no run a bouncer, 87mph, Buttler goes underneath it;
36.4;?;Johnson to Buttler, no run full outside off, left alone;
36.3;1;Johnson to Root, 1 run short of a length on leg stump, worked off the pads to deep square;
36.2;1;Johnson to Buttler, 1 run full at off stump, push-and-run into the off side and he's off the mark from his 14th ball;
36.1;1;Johnson to Root, 1 run neatly punched off the back foot into the covers;
35.6;?;Starc to Buttler, no run plays over the top of a yorker outside off;
35.5;1;Starc to Root, 1 run this time he goes after some width, short of a length outside off and he slashes down to third man who is now in position;
35.4;?;Starc to Root, no run another one wide outside off, doesn't need playing;
35.3;?;Starc to Root, no run back of a length outside off, left alone;
35.2;?;Starc to Root, no run shoulders arms again, some time to catch a breath after that frantic start to the day;
35.1;?;Starc to Root, no run pushed across full outside off, 87mph, left alone;
34.6;?;Johnson to Buttler, no run another one through to the keeper, Buttler still not off the mark after 12 deliveries;
34.5;?;Johnson to Buttler, no run ooh, tighter leave this time, the ball just offering to come back at Buttler;
34.4;?;Johnson to Buttler, no run outside off, 87mph, left alone;
34.3;?;Johnson to Buttler, no run down the leg side, 86mph, perhaps clips thigh pad through to Nevill;
34.2;?;Johnson to Buttler, no run pushed across outside off, left alone;
34.1;?;Johnson to Buttler, no run full outside off, 87mph, driven to mid-off;
33.6;?;Starc to Root, no run defended square into the covers;
33.5;2;Starc to Root, 2 runs and now he pulls a short delivery from outside off wide of mid-on...that's enough to take him to a lively 49-ball fifty. Can't overstate how vital he is from here on;
33.4;4;Starc to Root, FOUR runs positively forward to a full delivery, a lovely piece of pure timing through the covers...just a push, not a full flourish;
33.4;1w;Starc to Root, 1 wide oh dear, that came out wrong, slung way outside off and barely lands on the cut strip;
33.3;?;Starc to Root, no run on leg stump, clipped to mid-on again;
33.2;?;Starc to Root, no run full at middle, searching for the swing, sweetly clipped but well saved at mid-on;
33.1;?;Starc to Root, no run starts with one down the leg side;
32.6;?;Johnson to Buttler, no run and there's the short one, over off stump, Buttler arches his back and drops his hands;
32.5;?;Johnson to Buttler, no run full at middle and off, defended back to the bowler;
32.4;1;Johnson to Root, 1 run short of a length at off stump, opens the face to third man;
32.3;?;Johnson to Root, no run drags the length back and is tighter to off stump, angled across and left alone;
32.2;?;Johnson to Root, no run pushed wider outside off, left alone;
32.1;?;Johnson to Root, no run ah, lovely bowling, with all the fire and brimstone of the short stuff he beats Root with a full one outside off;
31.6;?;Hazlewood to Buttler, no run touch of fortune as he's a little late coming forward and a thick inside edge trickles not a million miles from the stumps;
31.5;?;Hazlewood to Buttler, no run a little fuller, 83mph, left alone;
31.4;?;Hazlewood to Buttler, no run on a length outside off, left alone;
31.3;1;Hazlewood to Root, 1 run tries to adjust his line and gets onto the leg stump, clipped away to deep square;
31.2;4;Hazlewood to Root, FOUR runs touch of extra bounce outside off and he rides it well, guiding it down to third man again from the back foot;
31.1;4;Hazlewood to Root, FOUR runs length delivery outside off, played off the back foot with an open face and it runs through backward point to third man;
30.6;?;Johnson to Buttler, no run another short one, a bouncer over leg stump this time, Buttler is able to duck...phew, what a few minutes that was;
30.5;W;Johnson to Stokes, OUT and another! What a start for Australia and Johnson! It's the short one again, and another glove through to Nevill. This. Game. Is. On. Very similar to the Bairstow ball, perhaps not quite as short, climbed at Stokes who could not get his gloves out of the way as the ball followed him. This is one of the great overs.;Ben Stokes c ?Nevill b Johnson 0 (2m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
30.4;?;Johnson to Stokes, no run works a length delivery into the leg side;
30.3;W;Johnson to Bairstow, OUT what a delivery! That's a ripper from Johnson - 300 wickets! Blimey, that was fierce. A short ball targeted at the body and Bairstow could only fend it off the top glove, no getting out of the way of that. Pace and direction from Johnson. Well,well.;Jonny Bairstow c ?Nevill b Johnson 5 (14m 12b 1x4 0x6) SR: 41.66;
30.2;1;Johnson to Root, 1 run short of a length on leg stump, flicked squarer into the leg side this time and deep square gets around;
30.1;4;Johnson to Root, FOUR runs full and straight, delightfully flicked away through straight midwicket - nice way for Root to start his day;
29.6;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run full outside off, good carry through to Nevill as he takes it at waist height on the rise;
29.5;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run tucked into the leg side;
29.4;4;Hazlewood to Bairstow, FOUR runs England into the lead! Full and wide, Bairstow drives it sweetly square of the wicket through point...slightly on the up, but very well controlled;
29.3;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run on middle and off, defended towards the on side;
29.2;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run this one is fuller at off stump, driven firmly to mid-off;
29.1;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run lovely start, in the channel outside off with a hint of movement away to beat Bairstow's edge;
28.6;?;Starc to Root, no run pokes and withdraws at the length delivery outside the off stump. That teasing line and length;
28.5;1;Starc to Bairstow, 1 run solid forward defence into the covers off the front foot for a quick single and he's off the mark;
28.4;?;Starc to Bairstow, no run well outside off with the angle and he leaves it for the keeper;
28.3;?;Starc to Bairstow, no run on target on the off stump now, Bairstow defends it back;
28.2;?;Starc to Bairstow, no run touch shorter and outside off again, left alone;
28.1;?;Starc to Bairstow, no run angles it across from outside off, Bairstow lets it go;
27.6;?;Lyon to Root, no run goes back towards off now and defends the ball back to Lyon;
27.5;?;Lyon to Root, no run goes back and across to work it to leg, can't clear short leg;
27.4;W;Lyon to Bell, OUT Lyon's done it again, gets Bell this time! What has done Bell here, he came down the track to whack that down the ground, but Lyon pitched it shorter with some flight and Bell got a leading edge high in the air. Warner had just enough time to get under it running backwards from short midwicket;Ian Bell c Warner b Lyon 53 (96m 56b 10x4 0x6) SR: 94.64;
27.3;?;Lyon to Bell, no run presses forward a bit and defends the turning ball to midwicket;
27.2;1;Lyon to Root, 1 run shorter on middle and leg and Root goes back to tuck it behind square with the turn for one;
27.1;?;Lyon to Root, no run on length on off, Root blocks it back;
26.6;2;Starc to Bell, 2 runs short ball outside off, he rocks back to pull it to deep midwicket and calls for two;
26.5;?;Starc to Bell, no run bit of room outside off again, drives it gently into the covers;
26.4;?;Starc to Bell, no run errs past the batsman down the leg side this time;
26.3;4;Starc to Bell, FOUR runs some room outside off and Bell is looking so good now that he doesn't even have to reach out for it, drives that beautifully through the covers for his fifty;
26.2;?;Starc to Bell, no run covers his stumps and defends the incoming delivery back to Starc;
26.1;?;Starc to Bell, no run angles it in with a hint of swing towards the batsman, Bell lets it go;
25.6;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run this one's wider outside off, left alone easily;
25.5;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run what a beauty! This one angled in and pitched on off, but seamed away with good bounce to deceive Root completely and just missed the stumps too;
25.4;4;Hazlewood to Root, FOUR runs bit too full on the stumps and Root flicks that with his turning wrists to the midwicket boundary this time for four more. The crowd roars as Johnson dives to his right but can't stop it;
25.3;2;Hazlewood to Root, 2 runs errs towards the pads now and Root works it away to the backward square-leg region for two;
25.2;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run touch back of length on off, he rocks back to defend it this time;
25.1;4;Hazlewood to Root, FOUR runs fullish and wide, Root leans into it and drives that beautifully, almost going down on a knee, to cream it through the covers for four;
24.6;?;Starc to Bell, no run full and wide outside off, he stretches out and steers it straight to backward point;
24.5;?;Starc to Bell, no run wider outside the off stump, he lets it go this time;
24.4;?;Starc to Bell, no run back of length and coming in, he stays back to defend it;
24.3;1;Starc to Root, 1 run edge falls short of slip! It was just outside the off stump, he stuck his bat out around off and got a thick edge but that fell well short of Clarke at first slip;
24.2;?;Starc to Root, no run pretty full outside off and he punches it confidently, down to mid-off;
24.1;4;Starc to Root, FOUR runs outside off, he pokes and gets a thick outside edge to the third-man area where nobody is placed to save those four runs;
23.6;1;Hazlewood to Root, 1 run fuller and wider, he drives it nicely to cover where a fumble from Rogers gives them one;
23.5;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run touch fuller now outside off, defends it down firmly to mid-off;
23.4;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run moves it away again from outside off, Root leans forward and leaves it;
23.3;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run dangerous leave this time as the ball seamed in and wasn't too far from the of stump, Nevill has to dive to his left to grab that one;
23.2;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run moves it away from Root from outside off after it pitched on length, left alone;
23.1;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run hangs back and defends the back of length delivery on the off side;
22.6;4;Starc to Bell, FOUR runs ah, now some delicate touch from Bell - it's the 2013 late-cut as he dabs a delivery outside off, and just short of a good length, delightfully wide of the slips;
22.5;?;Starc to Bell, no run full on middle and off, a suggestion of shaping back into Bell who defends to mid-ff;
22.4;4;Starc to Bell, FOUR runs another flowing square drive, Starc too full outside off and Bell is cashing in...positive footwork, terrific position;
22.3;?;Starc to Bell, no run forward and drives again, finds Shaun Marsh at cover (not sure who he is on for);
22.2;4;Starc to Bell, FOUR runs more aggression from Bell as he drives strongly square of the wicket to bring up England's hundred;
22.1;?;Starc to Bell, no run back of a length outside off, left alone;
21.6;1;Hazlewood to Bell, 1 run touch fuller, Bell plays with an open face towards the deepish backward point;
21.5;?;Hazlewood to Bell, no run a cracker! Beats Bell all ends up with a back-of-a-length delivery which nips away and bounces to beat the outside edge;
21.4;4;Hazlewood to Bell, FOUR runs not in control from Bell, he drives and gets a thick outside edge which flies in the air through backward point but runs to third man;
21.3;?;Hazlewood to Bell, no run back of a length outside off, left alone;
21.2;?;Hazlewood to Bell, no run full at off stump, good line, Bell gets forward and defends to point;
21.1;?;Hazlewood to Bell, no run full and defended to the on side;
20.6;?;Johnson to Root, no run full outside off, 88mph, left alone;
20.5;?;Johnson to Root, no run sprayed down the leg side;
20.4;?;Johnson to Root, no run a bouncer outside off, Root arches his back and drops his hands;
20.3;?;Johnson to Root, no run the fuller one to follow up with, defended to the covers;
20.2;6;Johnson to Root, SIX runs streaky, but effective...Root goes after a short ball and gets a meaty top edge straight back over the keeper. Bowler won't mind too much;
20.1;?;Johnson to Root, no run on a length at off stump, defended to the covers;
19.6;1;Hazlewood to Root, 1 run on the pads again, flicked to Johnson at long leg who is still getting the 'support' of the crowd;
19.5;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run nice shape away from Root, and it zips off the surface through to Nevill...still plenty of help on offer;
19.4;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run back outside off, full, left alone;
19.3;4;Hazlewood to Root, FOUR runs gets onto leg stump and that's clipped away very fine...Australia's quicks have strayed a little too often so far;
19.2;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run very full outside off, left alone;
19.1;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run on a length at off stump, defended back to the bowler;
18.6;?;Johnson to Bell, no run fuller, outside off, Bell is a little late pulling the bat out of the line...we've had a few catches off 'leaves' today;
18.5;?;Johnson to Bell, no run back of a length, 92mph, defended to the off side;
18.4;?;Johnson to Bell, no run banged in at off stump, defended to backward point;
18.3;?;Johnson to Bell, no run angled across outside off, left alone;
18.2;1;Johnson to Root, 1 run well bowled, short of a length on middle and leg, Root manages to keep the ball down wide of short leg...needed to take the bottom hand off the bat;
18.2;1w;Johnson to Root, 1 wide that's a very short bouncer outside leg stump, and it's called wide;
18.1;1;Johnson to Bell, 1 run short of a length at off stump, Bell opens the face and runs down to a fielder two-thirds of the way towards third man...a fly slip;
17.6;1;Lyon to Bell, 1 run touch shorter, Bell works it off the back foot to deep square;
17.5;?;Lyon to Bell, no run full on off stump, patted to the covers;
17.4;1;Lyon to Root, 1 run he's off the mark with a sweep out to deep square;
17.3;?;Lyon to Root, no run stays round the wicket, forward and defends;
17.2;W;Lyon to Cook, OUT what has happened here?! On my goodness. Cook has pulled this short ball off the middle and it has gone straight into Voges at short leg who, somehow, clings on while trying to take evasive action. Extraordinary. Reminds me of Slater catch Butcher off MacGill at Melbourne in 1998;Alastair Cook c Voges b Lyon 34 (75m 48b 5x4 0x6) SR: 70.83;
17.1;?;Lyon to Cook, no run round the wicket, full on middle, defended;
16.6;?;Hazlewood to Bell, no run another positive stroke, onto the front foot and drives a full delivery but picks out cover who has reinforced the off side;
16.5;?;Hazlewood to Bell, no run shorter of a length, wider too, easy one for Bell to leave alone;
16.4;?;Hazlewood to Bell, no run full outside off, still swinging, left alone;
16.3;4;Hazlewood to Bell, FOUR runs overcompensates and gets onto the pads, Bell now flicks it away through square leg...three boundaries in a row;
16.2;4;Hazlewood to Bell, FOUR runs drives again, not quite as in control this time, the ball was tighter to off stump and it came off a thick outside part of the bat but ran through gully;
16.1;4;Hazlewood to Bell, FOUR runs that's classic Bell, strides forward into a loopy full delivery outside off and dispatches it through the covers with a flowing drive;
15.6;?;Marsh to Cook, no run short of a length, swings down the leg side;
15.5;4;Marsh to Cook, FOUR runs power this time from Cook, he throws everything into this stinging square cut as Marsh drops short and wide...whistled off the bat;
15.4;?;Marsh to Cook, no run worked to mid-on;
15.3;2;Marsh to Cook, 2 runs more good timing from Cook, flicks a delivery off his pads through square leg...the crowd getting pretty vocal now, Johnson getting into the spirit of it on the boundary. Great stuff;
15.2;1;Marsh to Bell, 1 run touch fortunate this time as he gets a thick inside edge on a length delivery which scoots between his legs;
15.1;4;Marsh to Bell, FOUR runs full on leg stump, flicked sweetly off his toes and there's a misfield at deep square...by Mitchell Johnson. The crowd love that;
14.6;?;Johnson to Cook, no run full and speared down the leg side, 92mph;
14.5;4;Johnson to Cook, FOUR runs lovely piece of timing as he flicks a straight delivery through midwicket with a turn of the wrists;
14.4;?;Johnson to Cook, no run pushed into the off side, for a moment they thought of a single but Johnson was quickly across from his follow through;
14.3;1;Johnson to Bell, 1 run banged in short, this time Bell's hook is not so well controlled but falls short of long leg;
14.2;?;Johnson to Bell, no run hint of late swing there, on middle, defended into midwicket;
14.1;?;Johnson to Bell, no run flung very wide outside off, Nevill takes it in front of first slip;

Rohit: "Clarke needs to be a bit patient with the bowlers and the fields, nothing too fancy required here.. Entire Aussie innings saw just 3 bowlers, 14th over here and Mitch Marsh already on.."
 Innings Start
12.45pm 121 it is then for England. Nevill did a fine job in the morning along with Starc to stretch the lead from 23 towards 100, with his courageous 59. But Finn, the star of the second day, removed him before Starc's fifty stretched the lead to 120. It's not a competitive target, but surely better than a sub-100 score. We'll be back with the chase soon.
Kumar Bhagavath: "First 6 batsmen, only 1 double digit score. Last 5, all are double digit." So how many digits in all?
"Given the turn and bounce elicited by Moeen, Clarke should be tossing the new rock to Lyon." If you wish, Su Do Nimh
Shep: "How many overs will England get before lunch?" Maybe two
DoM from Oz: "Only 9 wickets to take lads - Wrap this up by tea"
79.1;W;Ali to Starc, OUT they don't need the new ball, Starc chips it to extra cover! There was some turn for the length delivery outside off, Starc drove and the thick outside edge flew into the covers for an easy catch;Mitchell Starc c sub (JE Poysden) b Ali 58 (139m 108b 6x4 1x6) SR: 53.7;
78.6;?;Finn to Lyon, no run connects and with such elegance! Nice, straight drive down the ground, Finn gets down in time to get a hand to it;
78.5;?;Finn to Lyon, no run that's a straightish delivery outside off, Lyon swings that down the ground, on the wrong line completely;
78.4;?;Finn to Lyon, no run lobs off the pad towards short leg, falls short. Lot of "ooohs" from the ground, was there bat? Hard to say;
78.3;1;Finn to Starc, 1 run very well struck by Starc, drove the fullish delivery between cover and mid-off, but mid-off cut it in with a dive to his right;
78.2;?;Finn to Starc, no run touch shorter and closer to off, Starc pushes it into the covers;
78.1;?;Finn to Starc, no run 85.5mph, drives the length delivery down to mid-off with a straight bat;
77.6;1;Ali to Starc, 1 run goes hard at it, it was full around off and sends it down to long-on;
77.5;?;Ali to Starc, no run bit slower on the off stump and he defends it off the front foot;
77.4;?;Ali to Starc, no run bit of room outside off and he cuts it to backward point;
77.3;?;Ali to Starc, no run just misses the stumps again, turn again saves Starc because he went for a slog on the leg side and missed it!;
77.2;?;Ali to Starc, no run presses forward this time to block it back;
77.1;?;Ali to Starc, no run drifting towards middle and leg, clipped to leg off the back foot;
76.6;1lb;Stokes to Starc, 1 leg bye 88.6mph, that's a high full toss on the thigh pad, they take a leg bye and that looked unintentional from Stokes;
76.5;?;Stokes to Starc, no run towards middle now and he tucks it to midwicket;
76.4;?;Stokes to Starc, no run bangs it in short outside off, Starc stays back and defends;
76.3;?;Stokes to Starc, no run 86.2mph, fuller on the off stump now, it's driven down with a slightly closed bat to mid-on and Broad dives again to save a few runs. The crowd likes it;
76.2;?;Stokes to Starc, no run stifled appeal as he strikes the front pad in front of leg but it's going down leg;
76.1;?;Stokes to Starc, no run back of length just outside off, he pushes it back;
75.6;2;Ali to Lyon, 2 runs length delivery on middle and off and Lyon sweeps that nicely to the fine-leg boundary. Broad runs to his right and rolls over to save two;
75.5;1;Ali to Starc, 1 run drives it down firmly to long-off for one;
75.4;?;Ali to Starc, no run goes hard at it for a slog on leg, it was outside off though and he gets an inside edge behind square on leg;
75.3;1;Ali to Lyon, 1 run flighted well outside off, it's fullish and Lyon stretches out to drive that through the covers;
75.2;1;Ali to Starc, 1 run drives the full delivery down to long-on and strolls down for one;
75.1;?;Ali to Starc, no run angled in towards the pads, it deflects off them to off;
74.6;?;Stokes to Lyon, no run back of length and coming in with the angle, he defends off the back foot;
74.5;?;Stokes to Lyon, no run full towards off this time, drives it down to mid-on now;
74.4;4;Stokes to Lyon, FOUR runs pitched up with room outside off, Lyon drives that fearlessly and uppishly in the big gap in the covers for four more! His second and lead crosses 110;
74.3;?;Stokes to Lyon, no run closer to the off stump now, he pushes it into the covers;
74.2;?;Stokes to Lyon, no run drives and misses the length delivery outside off;
74.1;1;Stokes to Starc, 1 run back of length outside off, he steers it late to deep backward point;
73.6;4;Ali to Lyon, FOUR runs and Lyon sweeps again, with the turn from middle stump and connects well to dispatch it to the midwicket boundary;
73.5;1;Ali to Starc, 1 run pitched up outside off, turned to long-on firmly with a cross-bat;
73.4;1;Ali to Lyon, 1 run he reaches out on the off side and unleashes a big sweep to find fine leg;
73.3;1;Ali to Starc, 1 run pushes this one down to long-off with the turn for one;
73.2;?;Ali to Starc, no run goes for the slog on the leg side and misses, it pitched on middle but it turned and bounced over the stumps. Lucky, Starc;
73.1;?;Ali to Starc, no run flighted and full on off, Starc blocks it back;
72.6;?;Stokes to Lyon, no run back of length towards the off stump, Lyon defends it into the covers;
72.5;?;Stokes to Lyon, no run gets behind the line this time and defends it with the bat;
72.4;?;Stokes to Lyon, no run another appeal, this one's right in front of the stumps. But it came off back of length and Aleem Dar says no with the smallest possible shake of the head. Height this time;
72.3;?;Stokes to Lyon, no run loud loud appeal, the whole ground appeals for lbw, but it's turned down! It seamed in sharply from outside off, went through bat and pad and hit him just outside the line maybe. Replays show just in line and umpire's call on height;
72.2;W;Stokes to Hazlewood, OUT couldn't do much with the ball, but takes a very sharp catch at slip, Joe Root! Stokes pitched it short outside off, had the angle and Hazlewood went hard at it to get an upper edge. It was travelling fast and Root took a spectacular catch to his right at third slip;Josh Hazlewood c Root b Stokes 11 (32m 20b 1x4 0x6) SR: 55;
72.1;?;Stokes to Hazlewood, no run on the pads, it deflects to the midwicket fielder as Josh doesn't get bat on it;
71.6;6;Ali to Starc, SIX runs doesn't get the middle again, he targets the long-on boundary with a slog-sweep, gets that high in the air and manages it for six;
71.5;?;Ali to Starc, no run turns it away a bit from outside off, left alone;
71.4;4;Ali to Starc, FOUR runs full again and Starc lofts it straight down again, it goes for four but didn't come off the middle. Had enough to beat mid-off though;
71.3;?;Ali to Starc, no run shorter and a little outside off, Starc lets it go;
71.2;?;Ali to Starc, no run pretty full on the off stump, no turn and it's pushed down to mid-off;
71.1;?;Ali to Starc, no run some flight outside off and Starc defends it into the covers;
70.6;?;Root to Hazlewood, no run presses forward for the length delivery and blocks;
70.5;1;Root to Starc, 1 run run-out chance as thick inside edge off the front foot goes behind square on leg and Hazlewood makes it just in time. Moeen didn't get a direct hit either;
70.4;?;Root to Starc, no run tucks the length delivery to midwicket with the angle;
70.3;4;Root to Starc, FOUR runs doesn't hesitate this time to loft that fullish delivery down the ground, to the long-on boundary for a one-bounce four. Clean;
70.2;?;Root to Starc, no run more towards middle and leg now, lbw appeal as it hits on the back leg. Turned down...was there an inside edge;
70.1;?;Root to Starc, no run some flight on the off side, it's defended off the front foot;
69.6;?;Ali to Hazlewood, no run pushes the straighter delivery back to the bowler with a straight bat;
69.5;?;Ali to Hazlewood, no run touch wider, Josh leans forward and lets it go this time;
69.4;?;Ali to Hazlewood, no run blocks the length delivery outside off;
69.3;4;Ali to Hazlewood, FOUR runs sliding in this time and Hazlewood cuts it late off the back foot to get four with a thick edge. Got his bat down just in time;
69.2;?;Ali to Hazlewood, no run full, leans forward a bit and defends on off again;
69.1;?;Ali to Hazlewood, no run bit of flight outside off and Josh blocks it on off;
68.6;?;Finn to Starc, no run bumper to finish and Starc hooks at it wildly, fortunate not to get a touch through to the keeper;
68.5;?;Finn to Starc, no run length ball, fired across, wide enough for Starc to ignore;
68.4;?;Finn to Starc, no run back of a length, on the body and turned short to the leg side;
68.3;?;Finn to Starc, no run short and rising outside off as Starc sits back and watches it by;
68.2;?;Finn to Starc, no run over the wicket, slightly short on off stump, Starc defends from the crease;
68.1;1;Finn to Hazlewood, 1 run around the wicket, length ball on off stump, pushed into a gap in the covers to get Starc on strike;
67.6;?;Ali to Starc, no run tossed up around the line of off stump, Starc crouches over a forward defensive;
67.5;?;Ali to Starc, no run tossed up outside off, lets this one spin through to the keeper;
67.4;?;Ali to Starc, no run flatter on off stump, defended coming forwards;
67.3;?;Ali to Starc, no run flighted on middle stump, pushes forward and the ball plops in front of short leg;
67.2;?;Ali to Starc, no run full toss from Moeen and Starc is very nearly lbw again, an inside edge saves him;
67.1;?;Ali to Starc, no run around the wicket and sliding in with the arm, Starc plays across the line and is hit on the back leg, heading down;
66.6;?;Finn to Hazlewood, no run around the wicket, 86mph and rising from back of a length, defended solidly into the off side;
66.5;?;Finn to Hazlewood, no run bouncer, sees it coming as the ball lollipops through outside off stump;
66.4;?;Finn to Hazlewood, no run tighter line, defended on the back foot in front of off;
66.3;?;Finn to Hazlewood, no run back of a length, Hazlewood sticks out a horizontal bat and gets a bottom edge down behind square;
66.2;1;Finn to Starc, 1 run angled across, swing of the bat and a thick outside edge runs away through backward point to the sweeper;
66.1;?;Finn to Starc, no run pitched up outside off, Starc pushes forward and sends the ball to cover;
65.6;2;Broad to Hazlewood, 2 runs full on off stump and Hazlewood again drives a couple through mid-off;
65.5;1;Broad to Starc, 1 run touch short, on the body and flicked down to fine leg for a single;
65.4;3;Broad to Hazlewood, 3 runs pitched up on off, 80mph and punched neatly back down the ground, doesn't quite reach the long-off boundary;
65.3;?;Broad to Hazlewood, no run top of off stump, gets into line and defends;
65.2;?;Broad to Hazlewood, no run length outside off, hangs the bat out nervously and is beaten;
65.1;?;Broad to Hazlewood, no run around the wicket, Hazlewood shuffles towards leg stump and defends away from his body;
64.6;?;Finn to Starc, no run back of a length around the line of off stump, defended towards point;
64.5;?;Finn to Starc, no run shortish and climbing through outside off and Starc drops the hands;
64.4;?;Finn to Starc, no run pitched up and driven towards mid-off;
64.3;1;Finn to Hazlewood, 1 run slightly short of a length, over the top of off, Hazlewood backs away and prods in front of square to get off the mark;
64.2;W;Finn to Nevill, OUT down the leg side, Buttler takes another terrific catch high to his left - and Dar's finger goes up this time! Nevill immediately reviews, as I suppose he had to, but Hot Spot quickly reveals a clear inside edge! He's finally been taken down the leg side and England have the breakthrough, ending a 64-run stand. Not quite Harmison-Kasprowicz-Jones but still fairly important;Peter Nevill c ?Buttler b Finn 59 (181m 147b 7x4 0x6) SR: 40.13;
64.1;?;Finn to Nevill, no run back of a length outside off, left alone;
63.6;2;Broad to Starc, 2 runs around the wicket, holds it line and Starc gets a leading edge through cover, in the air momentarily but not to hand, they charge back for two;
63.5;1;Broad to Nevill, 1 run goes back over the wicket, short of a length and angling in, dabbed away through backward square for one more;
63.4;?;Broad to Nevill, no run on the stumps, gets into line and defends;
63.3;?;Broad to Nevill, no run bodyline attack from Broad, bouncing over leg stump, Nevill ducks underneath;
63.2;1;Broad to Starc, 1 run slightly short, on the pads and Starc scoops it over the head of short leg, got plenty on it and the ball runs away into a gap;
63.1;1;Broad to Nevill, 1 run around the wicket, short of a length and Nevill tucks it off his hips through backward square for one;
62.6;?;Finn to Starc, no run bouncer from Finn, sees it early and nods his head out of the way;
62.5;?;Finn to Starc, no run good ball in response, just outside off and Starc tries to hit on the up, zips through past the bat;
62.4;4;Finn to Starc, FOUR runs full length, slightly wide and flayed through the covers for four more, powerful stroke from Starc, takes the lead up to 67;
62.3;?;Finn to Starc, no run gets in behind this one to defend;
62.2;?;Finn to Starc, no run pitched up now, decent plan from Finn, the batsman was stuck on the crease and hit on the pad, the ball seamed on the line of middle and leg... but it was a touch high;
62.1;?;Finn to Starc, no run short ball, Starc weaves out of the way;
61.6;?;Broad to Nevill, no run dug in short, over the top of off stump, jumps back and shows it a straight bat;
61.5;?;Broad to Nevill, no run another bumper, at the batsman, stays back and blocks it to leg a bit more securely this time;
61.4;?;Broad to Nevill, no run banged in short and Nevill fends it down to the leg side, hit on the glove and he takes his bottom hand off the bat. Still got one hand on the tiller, though;
61.3;?;Broad to Nevill, no run pitched up, slightly wide of the stumps, Nevill lunges forward and shoulders arms;
61.2;?;Broad to Nevill, no run length delivery outside off, jabbed into the covers coming forwards;
61.1;1;Broad to Starc, 1 run around the wicket from Broad, full and straight and dug out towards mid-on, they pinch a single;
60.6;4;Finn to Nevill, FOUR runs full and tempting the stroke, Nevill flashes hard and it flies through gully for four more! England have four slips and again the batsman has picked the gap;
60.5;?;Finn to Nevill, no run back of a length outside off, wide enough for Nevill to leave;
60.4;?;Finn to Nevill, no run full and straightening a fraction on middle stump, clipped firmly to leg where Ben Stokes scrambles to cut it off and prevent a run;
60.3;3;Finn to Starc, 3 runs pitched up around off stump, Starc swings at it forcefully and gets a leading edge through the covers, they pick up three... and that's the fifty partnership between these two;
60.2;?;Finn to Starc, no run slightly back of a length, 89mph and flies through behind the batsman;
60.1;4;Finn to Starc, FOUR runs angled across on the full outside off and Starc cracks a cover drive through the infield, four more;
59.6;?;Broad to Nevill, no run pitched up a bit further, this shapes down leg again, Buttler again takes it but no touch from the batsman;
59.5;?;Broad to Nevill, no run slightly back of a length, heading won the leg side, flicks and misses;
59.4;?;Broad to Nevill, no run length outside off, gets forward and leaves again;
59.3;?;Broad to Nevill, no run did that flick the gloves? Buttler has taken a sensational catch one-handed down the leg side... but Chris Gaffaney shakes his head. Hot Spot seems to show a speck of a mark on the glove but England have no more reviews. Buttler dropped a similar chance last night, one that clearly took a deflection;
59.2;?;Broad to Nevill, no run this one nibbles back a touch, slightly wide and again no stroke is offered;
59.1;?;Broad to Nevill, no run shaping away outside off stump, Nevill continues to play carefully, shoulders arms;
58.6;?;Finn to Starc, no run slightly back of a length on off stump, Starc blocks it steadfastly;
58.5;?;Finn to Starc, no run done him again, Starc pushing forwards and Finn seams the ball past the bat, through to the keeper;
58.4;?;Finn to Starc, no run beaten, that's a snorting delivery! Climbs through past the outside edge as Starc hung back;
58.3;?;Finn to Starc, no run tighter to the off stump, defended;
58.2;4;Finn to Starc, FOUR runs pushed across the lefty and Starc slashes another thick edge through fourth slip! Flew at a catchable height between third slip and gully, away to the fence - the lead passes 50, amid nervous glances;
58.1;?;Finn to Starc, no run over the wicket, length on the pads, strikes the thigh but was well outside the line;
57.6;?;Broad to Nevill, no run over the wicket, length ball in the corridor, Nevill sniffs and watches it through;
57.5;1;Broad to Starc, 1 run fullish and tailing towards middle and leg, worked to midwicket and they get one more as Moeen runs around;
57.4;?;Broad to Starc, no run length on off stump, Starc defends it back to the bowler;
57.3;4;Broad to Starc, FOUR runs sweetly struck, though Moeen Ali should probably have done better at mid-on, Starc's clip off the pads went through his hands and away to the rope for four more - Australia have doubled their lead in 15 deliveries;
57.2;?;Broad to Starc, no run over the top of off stump, 83mph and there's a sharp report off the bat as Starc blocks securely;
57.1;?;Broad to Starc, no run around the wicket, length ball in the channel, Starc raises his bat out of the way;
56.6;4;Finn to Nevill, FOUR runs goes too straight here and Nevill glances neatly off his pads, four more to fine leg - and that's his fifty, first in Tests. The lead is 42. Nevill say Nevill...;
56.5;4;Finn to Nevill, FOUR runs slightly back of length, tries to leave and is inches away from chopping on! Hands on heads from Finn and the England cordon, the ball hit the back of the bat and cannoned over the stumps and away to the boundary;
56.4;?;Finn to Nevill, no run over the wicket, angled in and there's some away movement as Nevill shoulders arms again;
56.3;3;Finn to Starc, 3 runs slightly full, not a half volley but played very well by Starc, full face of the bat and checked back past Finn and fine of mid-off for three;
56.2;?;Finn to Starc, no run fullish, around off stump, reaches out and punches the ball along the carpet to mid-off;
56.1;?;Finn to Starc, no run around the wicket to the left-handed Starc, good length in the channel outside off, left alone;
55.6;?;Broad to Nevill, no run length outside off, steps out and leaves once more;
55.5;2;Broad to Nevill, 2 runs good length, holding its line and takes the edge again, this time the ball bounces short of the cordon and skips between Bell and Root at second and third slip;
55.4;?;Broad to Nevill, no run line and length in the channel, shoulders arms again;
55.3;2;Broad to Nevill, 2 runs pitched up, Nevill gets well forward and runs this through gully for a couple more, opened the face and stayed on top of the ball;
55.2;4;Broad to Nevill, FOUR runs edged but he has kept it down, first runs of the day for Nevill, playing slightly away from his body, steered it wide of third slip and there is no one down at third man to cut it off;
55.1;?;Broad to Nevill, no run length ball in the channel outside off, gets on to the front foot and lifts the bat out of the way;
54.6;?;Root to Starc, no run blocks that length delivery to silly point and Starc makes sure they are seven down at stumps;
54.5;1;Root to Nevill, 1 run short of length outside off, steered down to long-off for one;
54.4;?;Root to Nevill, no run works the ball with the turn from middle to short leg;
54.3;1;Root to Starc, 1 run loud appeal for lbw as it's full on the stumps, they take one for that. Replays say it hit the foot first and then the bat for the single. Can't confirm if it was hitting the stumps now, there was the angle for sure;
54.2;?;Root to Starc, no run blocks the straight delivery back to Root;
54.1;?;Root to Starc, no run middle-stump line on length, pushed down to mid-on;
53.6;1;Broad to Starc, 1 run thick outside edge as Starc closed the face of the bat for the ball that came towards off and got one into the covers;
53.5;?;Broad to Starc, no run 84.5mph, sends in a length delivery outside off and Starc lets it go;
53.4;?;Broad to Starc, no run touch wider outside off and Starc plays but keeps his bat in at the last moment;
53.3;?;Broad to Starc, no run drives and misses the length ball outside off. Not much movement, it's the line and length beating him;
53.2;?;Broad to Starc, no run shorter one outside off and Starc defends confidently this time. Back to basics;
53.1;?;Broad to Starc, no run that just misses the stumps! Broad angled the ball in towards off, Starc looked to work it to leg and just missed the line, the ball also just missed the top of off;
52.6;1;Finn to Starc, 1 run fullish outside off and it's pushed into the covers for another quick single;
52.5;1;Finn to Nevill, 1 run defends this ball with soft hands into the covers and calls for a quick single;
52.4;1;Finn to Starc, 1 run slightly wider outside off and Starc gets a thick edge to fine leg for one;
52.3;?;Finn to Starc, no run angles it towards the off stump and Starc pushes it back;
52.2;2;Finn to Starc, 2 runs it's on length on the off stump, punched down the ground to just clear Moeen's dive at mid-off;
52.1;?;Finn to Starc, no run 85mph, length delivery on the stumps, pushed into the covers;
51.6;?;Broad to Nevill, no run put down by Buttler, was there bat on that? The reaction from England fielders says so. The shortish ball angled down, Nevill looked to work it fine and probably got some bat but it was a very tough chance for Buttler who tried with his left hand;
51.5;?;Broad to Nevill, no run swings it away at 79mph, lands on length outside off and Nevill leaves;
51.4;?;Broad to Nevill, no run fuller and closer to off, still wide enough for Nevill to shoulder his arms;
51.3;?;Broad to Nevill, no run 79.7mph, much shorter and slower outside off, Nevill doesn't feel the need to play that one;
51.2;?;Broad to Nevill, no run wider outside the off stump, Nevill leans forward and leaves;
51.1;?;Broad to Nevill, no run 80mph, late swing from length outside the of stump to beat Nevill's bat. Not much pace though;
50.6;?;Finn to Starc, no run 83mph, gifts a full toss on the off side, Starc punches it straight to mid-off;
50.5;?;Finn to Starc, no run 87.8mph, short of length outside off with the angle, Starc lets it go;
50.4;?;Finn to Starc, no run 84mph, on the middle stump now, driven back down to Finn;
50.3;?;Finn to Starc, no run back of length on leg, worked to midwicket and Starc says no for the run;
50.2;1;Finn to Nevill, 1 run angling towards middle and leg, tucked to midwicket for one;
50.1;?;Finn to Nevill, no run stifled appeal for a catch down the leg side as it went with the angle, Nevill tried to glance but got some pad;
49.6;?;Ali to Starc, no run reaches out a bit and that's driven into the covers with the turn;
49.5;?;Ali to Starc, no run inside edge onto the pad, fell just short and wide of silly point;
49.4;1;Ali to Nevill, 1 run presses forward and guides this one into the covers for one;
49.3;4;Ali to Nevill, FOUR runs it's turning from middle and Nevill manages to find the gap between keeper and a square leg slip by tucking it off the back foot;
49.2;1;Ali to Starc, 1 run leans forward and drives it to cover point for one;
49.1;?;Ali to Starc, no run coming in with the angle towards off, pushed into the covers;
48.6;?;Finn to Nevill, no run back of length outside off, he defends solidly to point;
48.5;?;Finn to Nevill, no run towards middle and leg now, tucked to leg off the back foot;
48.4;?;Finn to Nevill, no run 87.6mph, better line, closer to off and he beats Nevill this time with good bounce too;
48.3;?;Finn to Nevill, no run 82mph, length delivery well outside off, Nevill defending these easily on the off side;
48.2;?;Finn to Nevill, no run waits for it and defends the length delivery from outside off to off;
48.1;?;Finn to Nevill, no run short ball outside off, Nevill stays back and defends it to cover point;
47.6;?;Ali to Starc, no run more flight on the off stump and it's pushed down to mid-off;
47.5;?;Ali to Starc, no run goes just past Bell as Starc leans forward a bit and defends;
47.4;?;Ali to Starc, no run reaches out a bit and drives this one into the covers;
47.3;?;Ali to Starc, no run well outside off now, on length, and Starc lets it go;
47.2;?;Ali to Starc, no run pushes this full delivery down to mid-on;
47.1;?;Ali to Starc, no run fullish on middle and leg, defends it to leg;
46.6;?;Finn to Nevill, no run outside off from length, it's left alone and that's a wicket maiden from Finn;
46.5;?;Finn to Nevill, no run back of length on middle, tucked to the leg side off the back foot;
46.4;?;Finn to Nevill, no run teasing line outside off, some late swing for Finn as it shapes away and Nevill leaves;
46.3;?;Finn to Nevill, no run more towards middle now, Nevill defends it to the leg side;
46.2;?;Finn to Nevill, no run stays back and defends the ball to off side;
46.1;W;Finn to Johnson, OUT he knows he's gone as soon as he's hit it, caught at backward point, seven down! The short ball was angled in and MJ looked to swat it to leg but got a top edge and that went high enough for Stokes to take a few steps back and take it with both hands. Umpires check if Finn's back foot landed near the side crease. Yes, it has and it's a five-for for Finn;Mitchell Johnson c Stokes b Finn 14 (70m 38b 1x4 0x6) SR: 36.84;
45.6;?;Ali to Nevill, no run takes a step down and clips it to midwicket;
45.5;2;Ali to Nevill, 2 runs more towards the leg stump, it's worked away to square leg for two;
45.4;?;Ali to Nevill, no run fuller on the stumps and it's pushed back to Moeen;
45.3;?;Ali to Nevill, no run straighter one outside off, he turns it to leg off the back foot;
45.2;1;Ali to Johnson, 1 run towards middle and leg now, flicks it against the turn to midwicket;
45.1;?;Ali to Johnson, no run charges down and smashes the ball down to mid-off;
44.6;?;Broad to Nevill, no run swings it in this time, Nevill presses forward and blocks it;
44.5;?;Broad to Nevill, no run outswing to mix it up. Full delivery outside off and Nevill shoulders arms;
44.4;?;Broad to Nevill, no run coming in from back of length, worked to leg by Nevill;
44.3;?;Broad to Nevill, no run hint of inswing again, still outside off and it's driven off the middle to cover;
44.2;?;Broad to Nevill, no run inswing now towards middle and leg, clipped to midwicket off the front foot;
44.1;?;Broad to Nevill, no run on length slightly wide outside off, left alone;
43.6;?;Ali to Johnson, no run flighted on leg stump, pretty full too, and it's clipped to midwicket;
43.5;1;Ali to Nevill, 1 run outside the leg stump and it's tucked to fine leg off the back foot;
43.4;2;Ali to Nevill, 2 runs drives again, this time squarer towards sweeper cover and he gets two more;
43.3;?;Ali to Nevill, no run defends the turning ball outside the off stump;
43.2;2;Ali to Nevill, 2 runs comes to the front foot and drives it nicely through the covers in the gap;
43.1;?;Ali to Nevill, no run some turn to bring the ball in, Nevill covers his stumps and blocks;
42.6;?;Broad to Johnson, no run length delivery shaping away from outside off, MJ looks to drive and misses;
42.5;1;Broad to Nevill, 1 run some inswing now, clipped to deep fine leg for one more, scores level;
42.4;2;Broad to Nevill, 2 runs full on the pads and this time Nevill flicks it nicely to the backward square leg boundary for two;
42.3;?;Broad to Nevill, no run angling in now and it's tucked to the leg side;
42.2;?;Broad to Nevill, no run 79.8mph, some movement for Broad to shape it away as Nevill pokes and misses;
42.1;?;Broad to Nevill, no run around length outside the off stump, Nevill defends towards point;
41.6;?;Ali to Johnson, no run goes back in the crease and defends it back solidly;
41.5;3;Ali to Nevill, 3 runs comes down to take it on the full and whips that to midwicket. Oh, there's a misfield there from Stokes to give them two more;
41.4;?;Ali to Nevill, no run outside off again, he defends off the back foot;
41.3;?;Ali to Nevill, no run beaten this time, loud appeal for caught behind as it goes past the outside edge from length, no says the umpire. Sound was of bat hitting the ground;
41.2;?;Ali to Nevill, no run reaches out and drive the fullish delivery to cover;
41.1;1;Ali to Johnson, 1 run comes down and flicks the ball against the turn to midwicket;
40.6;?;Broad to Nevill, no run much better - this one outside off and Nevill defends it from the middle;
40.5;?;Broad to Nevill, no run swings it down the leg side from middle and leg, past the batsman;
40.4;?;Broad to Nevill, no run full delivery on off, driven down nicely to mid-on;
40.3;?;Broad to Nevill, no run goes pretty straight well outside the off stump, Nevill leaves easily;
40.2;?;Broad to Nevill, no run touch short of length outside off, forward lean and driven down to mid-off;
40.1;1;Broad to Johnson, 1 run angling into the pads, helped with the pace to fine leg for one;
39.6;?;Ali to Nevill, no run comes down and whips it to midwicket. Has to come back quickly to his crease;
39.5;?;Ali to Nevill, no run covers the stumps and helps the ball with the turn to short leg now;
39.4;?;Ali to Nevill, no run reaches out towards the length delivery and defends before it turns;
39.3;1;Ali to Johnson, 1 run comes down this time, makes it a low full toss and drives to mid-off;
39.2;?;Ali to Johnson, no run small step forward and blocked into the covers again;
39.1;?;Ali to Johnson, no run outside the off stump and he reaches out to defend it;
38.6;?;Stokes to Nevill, no run gets bat as it's pitched up outside off, he leans towards it and blocks;
38.5;?;Stokes to Nevill, no run bit closer to off stump with the angle and lands on the seam, Nevill pokes and misses;
38.4;?;Stokes to Nevill, no run fullish and wide enough outside off to be left alone;
38.3;?;Stokes to Nevill, no run bit too full outside off and it's driven straight to cover;
38.2;?;Stokes to Nevill, no run much shorter outside off, Nevill keeps his head down and defends solidly;
38.1;?;Stokes to Nevill, no run waits on the back foot and defends the ball in front of off;
37.6;?;Ali to Johnson, no run comes forward again, Moeen pitches it shorter outside off and MJ takes it on the pad way outside the crease and outside the line;
37.5;?;Ali to Johnson, no run coming in with the angle a bit and he defends it towards short leg;
37.4;?;Ali to Johnson, no run goes back in the crease to defend it in front of the stumps;
37.3;4;Ali to Johnson, FOUR runs some flight and MJ dances down to take it on the full and smashes it right over the umpire for a fierce four;
37.2;?;Ali to Johnson, no run coming in with the angle, right towards the stumps and MJ blocks it in time;
37.1;1;Ali to Nevill, 1 run turning in from outside off, he helps it to leg off the back foot for one;
36.6;1;Stokes to Nevill, 1 run angling in towards middle and leg, worked to fine leg for one and he keeps strike;
36.5;?;Stokes to Nevill, no run slightly wider outside off, shoulders arms again;
36.4;?;Stokes to Nevill, no run another one outside off without any need to touch it and Nevill leaves;
36.3;?;Stokes to Nevill, no run some inswing from outside off, no threat and left alone;
36.2;3;Stokes to Johnson, 3 runs nearly in the block hole, pushed through the covers with a Broad chasing it a bit gingerly, they take three. Stokes collected the ball and threw that over the keeper with some force, nearly conceded four more;
36.1;?;Stokes to Johnson, no run full delivery with some swing outside off, driven straight to cover;
35.6;1;Ali to Johnson, 1 run comes down to make it a full toss and he finds long-on for one;
35.5;?;Ali to Johnson, no run fuller on middle now, some drift and it's pushed back to Moeen;
35.4;?;Ali to Johnson, no run closer to off, Johnson looks to push off the back foot and misses;
35.3;?;Ali to Johnson, no run bit of flight outside off, he lets it go;
35.2;1;Ali to Nevill, 1 run length delivery on leg, tucked behind square on the leg side for one;
35.1;2b;Ali to Nevill, 2 byes turns it down the leg side past the batsman and goes past Buttler too, for byes;
34.6;?;Stokes to Johnson, no run outside leg and swinging towards middle, MJ defends it back;
34.5;1;Stokes to Nevill, 1 run outside off now and it's pushed into the covers for one;
34.4;?;Stokes to Nevill, no run back of length on the off stump, Nevill defends it to leg;
34.3;?;Stokes to Nevill, no run late swing from outside the off stump, left easily;
34.2;1lb;Stokes to Johnson, 1 leg bye yorker on the leg side and that's a futile appeal for lbw, hit him well outside leg on the full on the foot;
34.1;?;Stokes to Johnson, no run nice swing to beat Johnson in front of off stump after Stokes pitched that just outside leg;
33.6;?;Ali to Nevill, no run outside off to end the over, Nevill presses forward to block and it's a maiden;
33.5;?;Ali to Nevill, no run turns it down the leg side now from leg-stump line;
33.4;?;Ali to Nevill, no run takes a step down to negate the spin and drives to mid-on;
33.3;?;Ali to Nevill, no run flight on middle stump, Nevill leans forward to tuck it to midwicket;
33.2;?;Ali to Nevill, no run on middle now and he defends it to short leg;
33.1;?;Ali to Nevill, no run on length outside off, he goes back to defend it back;
32.6;?;Root to Johnson, no run presses forward to block this time from the middle;
32.5;?;Root to Johnson, no run coming in with the angle a bit, Johnson leans forward again and defends. Bit of inside edge there;
32.4;?;Root to Johnson, no run he drives the length delivery into the covers;
32.3;?;Anderson to Johnson, no run he leaves this one, has no clue maybe as it swings in sharply with the angle and hits him on the front pad;
32.2;?;Anderson to Johnson, no run on length and swinging away again, he leaves this time;
32.1;?;Anderson to Johnson, no run beats him outside off with a lovely back of length outswinger that Johnson wanted to fiddle with;
31.6;2;Stokes to Nevill, 2 runs but late in-duck, but this is neatly flicked through midwicket to whittle away at the deficit;
31.5;?;Stokes to Nevill, no run another big inswinger, but started way off target and was miles down the leg side...significant movement for Stokes;
31.4;?;Stokes to Nevill, no run this one holds its line outside off, left alone;
31.3;?;Stokes to Nevill, no run huge appeal for lbw! A booming inswinger. Cook calls for the review. Stokes was convinced. That looks a pretty ordinary review t be honest. It swung back a long way and struck the back pad on the full, but it's outside the line of off stump;
31.2;1;Stokes to Johnson, 1 run full and straight, nearly squeezes under Johnson's bat but he's able to flick it down to long leg;
31.1;?;Stokes to Johnson, no run full on off stump, defended to cover;
30.6;?;Anderson to Nevill, no run another edge that does carry, as Nevill pushes forward at a full ball outside off...well short of third of slip;
30.5;?;Anderson to Nevill, no run on off stump, 81mph, defended into the covers;
30.4;?;Anderson to Nevill, no run full at off stump, played to the leg side;
30.3;?;Anderson to Nevill, no run short of a length, defended to cover;
30.2;?;Anderson to Nevill, no run another one through to the keeper;
30.1;?;Anderson to Nevill, no run full outside off, left alone;
29.6;1;Stokes to Nevill, 1 run short of a length, tucked behind square on the leg side. He's into double figures;
29.5;?;Stokes to Nevill, no run playing away from his body, gets a thick edge but it's well short of Lyth at fourth slip;
29.4;4;Stokes to Nevill, FOUR runs good stroke, forward into a full ball outside off and drives square through the off side;
29.3;?;Stokes to Nevill, no run another tight leave from Nevill...you wouldn't to go that way twice in a Test. To be fair, decent leave on length that time;
29.2;1;Stokes to Johnson, 1 run back of a length, Johnson defends from back in the crease and it runs behind point;
29.1;?;Stokes to Johnson, no run short of a length on the hip, worked to the leg side;
28.6;1lb;Anderson to Johnson, 1 leg bye flicked off around leg stump behind square;
28.5;?;Anderson to Johnson, no run pushed across outside off, left alone;
28.4;?;Anderson to Johnson, no run full outside off, curving away from Johnson who leaves his first ball;
28.3;W;Anderson to Warner, OUT now he's gone! Anderson strikes in his comeback over. A back-of-a-length delivery which Warner tries to flick into the leg side as he has done so often, this time it balloons off a leading edge high into the off side and Lyth steadies under the catch at cover;David Warner c Lyth b Anderson 77 (138m 62b 11x4 0x6) SR: 124.19;
28.2;?;Anderson to Warner, no run worked from outside off into midwicket, Anderson does the fielding himself;
28.1;4lb;Anderson to Warner, 4 leg byes short of a length down the leg side, flies off the hip down to fine leg;
27.6;?;Stokes to Nevill, no run tight to off stump, 86mph, defended to the on side;
27.5;?;Stokes to Nevill, no run full and straight, worked to mid-on;
27.4;?;Stokes to Nevill, no run short of a length outside off, defended square into the off side;
27.3;?;Stokes to Nevill, no run edged! Doesn't carry to third slip. Nevill coming forward outside off, it was a healthy nick but didn't quite reach Root;
27.2;1;Stokes to Warner, 1 run tucked out to deep midwicket;
27.1;?;Stokes to Warner, no run full at off stump, defended to mid-off;
26.6;4;Finn to Nevill, FOUR runs good piece of timing as Finn gets a fraction too straight and is flicked away through square leg. That might be it for Finn in this magical spell. Gets a pat on the back from Broad;
26.5;?;Finn to Nevill, no run gets a good stride forward this time, a fuller delivery, finds mid-off;
26.4;?;Finn to Nevill, no run drops his hands and lets this shorter delivery go through;
26.3;?;Finn to Nevill, no run done him again, Finn owning Nevill at the moment. Another ball which nips away from off stump and beats the edge;
26.2;?;Finn to Nevill, no run short of a length out side off, defended to backward point;
26.1;1lb;Finn to Warner, 1 leg bye angled in from round the wicket, deflects off the thigh pad behind square on the leg side;
25.6;?;Stokes to Nevill, no run fuller outside off, left alone;
25.5;?;Stokes to Nevill, no run banged in short outside off, Buttler takes it above his head;
25.4;?;Stokes to Nevill, no run full outside off, 84mph, left alone;
25.3;1;Stokes to Warner, 1 run worked off the stumps in front of mid-on;
25.2;?;Stokes to Warner, no run chopped into the ground outside off;
25.1;4;Stokes to Warner, FOUR runs very full outside off, jabbed wide of second slip;
24.6;?;Finn to Nevill, no run touch fuller outside off, this one offers to come back in...Nevill, who was bowled leaving in the first innings, lets it go;
24.5;?;Finn to Nevill, no run shoves this one down the leg side;
24.4;?;Finn to Nevill, no run three in a row! Good job there's no three-strike rule. Another unplayable ball which seams and climbs past the outside edge;
24.3;?;Finn to Nevill, no run beats him again, 89mph, my goodness what a spell this is...short of a length, Nevill tried to pull the bat away but he played at that;
24.2;?;Finn to Nevill, no run huge appeal for caught behind! England are convinced but they don't review. Was it the trouser? Another wonderful ball, turned Nevill inside out. Yes, it was back leg. Excellent decision from Dar;
24.1;1;Finn to Warner, 1 run round the wicket, outside off, nudged into midwicket;
23.6;?;Stokes to Nevill, no run full at off stump, defended and Stokes gets it in his follow through;
23.5;1;Stokes to Warner, 1 run full outside leg, clipped to deep midwicket;
23.4;1;Stokes to Nevill, 1 run worked off the stumps to long leg so he's off the mark;
23.3;?;Stokes to Nevill, no run full outside off, driven to mid-off;
23.2;1;Stokes to Warner, 1 run tucked off leg stump down to fine leg;
23.1;?;Stokes to Warner, no run excellent fielding at gully as Warner cuts a delivery that nips back at him;
22.6;?;Finn to Nevill, no run a touch fuller, defended to the on side;
22.5;?;Finn to Nevill, no run another edge! Just short of fourth slip. Finn all over the batsmen. A delivery on middle straightens to find Nevill's outside edge as he comes across the ball;
22.4;?;Finn to Nevill, no run squares him up in defence, pushes into the off side;
22.3;?;Finn to Nevill, no run at the stumps, tucked into midwicket;
22.2;?;Finn to Nevill, no run short outside off, drops his hands...Finn in wonderful rhythm;
22.1;W;Finn to Marsh, OUT that's through him! Four for Finn. Extraordinary stuff. Much like the delivery from the lbw appeal. Marsh basically drives all around a full ball, although it did just tail in a fraction. Their middle order is having a shocker.;Mitchell Marsh b Finn 6 (27m 24b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;

Dave: "You could have gotten a bus through that gap." A London double-decker
 Innings Start
4.25pm: That's a wrap from Edgbaston, folks. We've had the most fast-forward Test of a helter-skelter series - will any of them get to the fifth day? You can read all about this one in Brydon's report and then hang around on the site for more of the good stuff, including a bumper bag of video treats, featuring Ricky Ponting and Jonathan Trott. For the second time in two years, Australia have had a swing and a miss in Birmingham. Hopefully we've hit the spot but, from myself, Vishal and Gnasher, it's thanks and goodbye. Join us again for the fourth Test next week. Cheerio!
4.10pm: Here go with the presentations, then, starting with the umpires, who were pretty solid all round. Now a word with Australia captain Michael Clarke: "Very hard to explain, I guess credit has to go to England, they came out and bowled really well on day one. I still would have batted first, the wicket's deteriorating, we wanted to get deep into day four, day five. It seemed and swung throughout the game, probably the best time to bat. [Concerns about batting?] The form at No. 4 certainly concerns me, we're playing with 10 players, so the captain needs to get off the plane. [Worried about game?] Not really, the work's there, for me it's about the preparation. Credit to England, they've got me out early. I think my record at five is obviously better than at four but I'll do what's best for the team. I think our tail did really well, Mitchell Starc batted well, I was proud of how the boys fought. I think around 180-200 would have given us a chance but England played well. You don't want to play against a weaker team, someone else gets a chance for England, I'm sure they'll do well. Our goal is to win the series, I still believe we can do that. We have to play well but it's pretty simple."
England captain Alastair Cook: "It's been a fantastic three days. Firstly thanks to everyone who's turned up, we spoke about the atmosphere before and the crowd was as loud as I can remember. I don't think the pitch was 140 all out but the way Jimmy bowled, backed up by Steve was fantastic. It's the sort of pitch we want to play on. For Steven to do what he's done after two years out... Sport has a way of testing you, for him to bowl as he has here, it's great reward. We couldn't have a happier dressing room for Finny, after all the work he's done. [Bell contribution?] Class is permanent and Ian Bell is a fantastic cricketer. He's had a tough few games, that happens when you play for a long period of time but Ian Bell is a class player. [Miss Anderson] This was an opportunity, at 1-1, to grab it and Trent Bridge will give someone else an opportunity. If the [win-loss] sequence carries on to nine I'll be very happy but it would be nice if we didn't do the same at Trent Bridge."
Steven Finn is named Man of the Match: "When I dreamed about it before the game I didn't think it would go like that. You have to trust the work you've done throughout the county season, then when you go out and try to get in the groove. I don't think I've celebrated a wicket like that first one but I just wanted to be out there. [Spell on second afternoon] That was as good as I've bowled in Test match cricket. I try to appreciate every moment I have in the England shirt and the round of applause when I went down to the boundary, the crowd have been brilliant all week. It teaches you to enjoy the highs more, to be here and help win a Test match for England is great. [Onwards and upwards?] Let's not speak too soon, I feel good with the ball in my hand, who knows what will happen at Trent Bridge. But I'm really happy and glad to be playing for England again."
3.55pm: For a moment there, it looked as if Bell and Root didn't want to miss out on tea. Anyway, they'll get a proper sit down and a tot of something a bit stiffer to drink after seeing England through what could have been a ticklish chase without any drama. Edgbaston rises to hymn another victory over Australia - the fortress in Brum is still standing and England have got their noses back in front in this see-saw series.
Ian Bell, the Warwickshire man, made sure he was there to finish things off: "Dressing room's full of enjoyment, we had a tough week at Lord's, Australia showed us how to bounce back and we've done that. The bowlers showed us the way on day one. I was determined to be there at the end - Geoff Boycott told me this morning how bad a shot mine was in the first innings. It's been a great week for us but there's a lot of hard work to come over the weeks to come. Being around friends and family, I've had great support here. I know how hard it's going to be, as it always is against Australia."
That result means England extend their yo-yo record to WLWLWLW. It was also a rare victory for the side batting second, at least over recent Ashes contests - though Edgbaston has a fickle reputation in that regard. Alongside Bell, Steven Finn and James Anderson were key in shaking up Australia after they had sauntered to that enormous victory at Lord's. Anderson won't be in the line-up at Trent Bridge, however, which should give Australia a lift as they attempt to level the series when the fourth Test begins on Thursday. They don't, of course, have to win the series to retain the urn.
Anyway, we've had an early finish here, comfortably inside three days, so why not utilise the time to send in questions for Geoffrey Boycott here or by tweeting them with #BowlatBoycs?
32.1;4;Marsh to Root, FOUR runs on the pads and Root whips it through square for a boundary - that's is, England have won by eight wickets and take a 2-1 lead in the Ashes;
31.6;1;Lyon to Root, 1 run comes down and flicks the ball by taking it on the full to mid-on for one;
31.5;?;Lyon to Root, no run goes back in the crease and blocks it after the turn;
31.4;4;Lyon to Root, FOUR runs bit of flight around off and Root sweeps that nicely to the backward square leg boundary for four;
31.3;1;Lyon to Bell, 1 run more towards the batsman, he helps it to midwicket for a quick one;
31.2;?;Lyon to Bell, no run turn outside off again, Bell leaves again;
31.1;?;Lyon to Bell, no run turning in from outside off, easy leave for Bell;
30.6;4;Marsh to Root, FOUR runs short this time, moving away too and Root steers that past backward point with a well-timed cut for four;
30.5;?;Marsh to Root, no run full on middle now, Root presents the straight bat to drive to mid-on again;
30.4;?;Marsh to Root, no run full on middle and leg, pushed down straight to mid-on;
30.3;?;Marsh to Root, no run shapes it away from length again, Root leans and leaves;
30.2;?;Marsh to Root, no run seams it away a bit from outside off, Root lets it go;
30.1;?;Marsh to Root, no run pretty full outside off, it's blocked down to mid-on;
29.6;2;Lyon to Bell, 2 runs lots of bounce, edge balloons and goes wide of slip as Bell went back to cut and got a thick edge;
29.5;1;Lyon to Root, 1 run turning in sharply, he goes back and works it to fine leg;
29.4;1;Lyon to Bell, 1 run comes down this time and drives it with the turn towards midwicket;
29.3;?;Lyon to Bell, no run goes back to open up for the short ball and pulls. Falls a few yards short of Marsh at midwicket, just at the edge of the circle;
29.2;?;Lyon to Bell, no run waits for it to turn and defends to short leg now;
29.1;?;Lyon to Bell, no run turning into the batsman, he clips to leg and it falls just short of leg slip;
28.6;?;Johnson to Root, no run bowls the last ball from behind the umpire, swings it in and Root leaves and smiles;
28.5;?;Johnson to Root, no run pretty wide and full outside off, Root nowhere close to it and the ball swung it just a bit to be not called a wide;
28.4;?;Johnson to Root, no run down the leg side again with the angle, nothing on the way. Nevill pouches it and the crowd appeals!;
28.3;?;Johnson to Root, no run bangs it in short from outside off, Root defends off his toes;
28.2;?;Johnson to Root, no run there's an appeal for some bat down the leg side, Nevill catches everything. Aleem Dar doesn't move, Clarke reviews. It was angling down leg as Root looked to glance it down. Hot Spot shows no bat, Snicko shows something but it's the pad, not bat;
28.1;?;Johnson to Root, no run Johnson targets the stumps from wide of the crease, Root blocks off the back foot;
27.6;?;Lyon to Bell, no run full and outside off, driven nice and straight to cover;
27.5;?;Lyon to Bell, no run presses forward and blocks this one on off;
27.4;4;Lyon to Bell, FOUR runs touch wider, Bell gets to free his arms and heaves it to the midwicket boundary. Don't think he got the middle, but got enough to beat the fielders;
27.3;?;Lyon to Bell, no run length delivery coming in, Bell blocks it back now;
27.2;?;Lyon to Bell, no run some drift towards off, it's full and punched back to Lyon;
27.1;1;Lyon to Root, 1 run comes down the track and flicks the ball to square leg with the turn;
26.6;?;Johnson to Bell, no run from wide of the crease with a slingy action, Bell defends off the back foot;
26.5;?;Johnson to Bell, no run short of length and coming in, he defends it off his toes;
26.4;?;Johnson to Bell, no run bangs it in short with the angle, but down leg and Bell lets it go. Good take by Nevill;
26.3;?;Johnson to Bell, no run errs down the leg side past the bat and pad of Bell;
26.2;?;Johnson to Bell, no run full delivery now outside off, easy leave;
26.1;1;Johnson to Root, 1 run full and inswing towards middle, clipped to midwicket from the middle and a fumble there gives them one;
25.6;4;Lyon to Bell, FOUR runs bit too short outside off, Bell makes room and square-drives that beautifully through the off side for four. Brings up the 100;
25.5;1;Lyon to Root, 1 run sweeps, gets a top-edge this time but it lands safely and well before Johnson who runs in. Turns for him too;
25.4;?;Lyon to Root, no run goes on the back foot and helps it to midwicket now;
25.3;6;Lyon to Root, SIX runs unleashes the slog-sweep with the turn, it was on length outside off, there's no deep midwicket and Root gets six for that;
25.2;?;Lyon to Root, no run goes deep in the crease and defends it on off;
25.1;1;Lyon to Bell, 1 run turns it into the batsman, Bell works it off the back foot to leg for one;
24.6;?;Johnson to Root, no run nice movement into the batsman from back of length, cramped for room and hits him on the pad;
24.5;?;Johnson to Root, no run errs well down the leg side far from the batsman;
24.4;?;Johnson to Root, no run reaches out for the full delivery outside off, drives uppishly and it lands a few yards before reaching backward point;
24.3;?;Johnson to Root, no run fuller and a touch wider outside off, Root lets it go;
24.2;?;Johnson to Root, no run pushes this one from outside off into the covers;
24.1;?;Johnson to Root, no run 82.8mph, back of length and angling across, Root looks to play and then keeps his bat in;
23.6;?;Starc to Bell, no run tries to cut that one well outside off without any footwork and misses;
23.5;?;Starc to Bell, no run towards the stumps from length, Bell works it to leg easily;
23.4;4;Starc to Bell, FOUR runs angled away from back of length, Bell drops his hands to run it down to the third-man boundary for four. Runs and confidence for his fifty;
23.3;?;Starc to Bell, no run this one comes in, finally, towards middle and leg and Bell helps it to midwicket;
23.2;?;Starc to Bell, no run is saved by a whisker as this one's very wayward too, this is worse than his first innings spell, and not called a wide;
23.2;1w;Starc to Bell, 1 wide keeps it really wide again, back of length this time, and it's another extra;
23.2;1w;Starc to Bell, 1 wide even wider, Nevill dives to his right in front of first slip and it's called a wide;
23.1;?;Starc to Bell, no run way outside off, going away with the angle, no reason to chase that one;
22.6;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run slightly outside off and he defends into the covers;
22.5;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run nice, tight bowling from Hazlewood. It's right on the off stump and Root punches it back;
22.4;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run outside the off stump now, he defends it into the covers;
22.3;4;Hazlewood to Root, FOUR runs full again, this time Root drives it straight down the ground between mid-off and mid-on for a four;
22.2;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run slightly back of length on middle and off, defends to leg off the back foot;
22.1;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run full delivery with some outswing, pushed back to the bowler;
21.6;?;Starc to Bell, no run angles it towards middle stump and Bell defends with a straight bat;
21.5;2;Starc to Bell, 2 runs some inswing towards the pads and it's clipped away past midwicket or two more;
21.4;?;Starc to Bell, no run he chases the wide delivery outside off to only steer it to cover;
21.3;?;Starc to Bell, no run drives down and gets a thickish inside edge to midwicket;
21.2;?;Starc to Bell, no run not threat as this one's pretty wide outside the off stump and is left alone;
21.1;?;Starc to Bell, no run 83mph, brings it in towards middle stump, Bell blocks it back;
20.6;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run sends it towards the off stump, Root defends it down solidly. Josh picks it up and targets the stumps again, but misses leg. Maybe signs of frustration;
20.5;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run seams it in from length, with good bounce, Root leans forward and leaves;
20.4;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run 82.5mph, length delivery going away a bit outside off, left for the keeper;
20.3;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run nice line on middle stump, Root goes back and pushes it to mid-on;
20.2;1;Hazlewood to Bell, 1 run goes high off the top edge but it doesn't go far enough to fine leg. The ball angled in and has some bounce as Bell swatted the ball to leg;
20.1;?;Hazlewood to Bell, no run pulls the short ball from outside off, Rogers dives to his right at short midwicket even as it didn't come off the middle;
19.6;1;Lyon to Bell, 1 run turning in towards middle, helped with the turn to fine leg;
19.5;?;Lyon to Bell, no run touch shorter and turning in, he goes back to defend it to leg again;
19.4;?;Lyon to Bell, no run some flight towards off stump, worked with the turn to midwicket;
19.3;?;Lyon to Bell, no run wider outside off, doesn't turn as much and Bell cuts but gets a bottom edge towards slip;
19.2;?;Lyon to Bell, no run length delivery with turn from just outside off, Bell blocks it back;
19.1;?;Lyon to Bell, no run nice drift and turn down the leg side, goes past the bat and pad as Nevill collects;
18.6;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run back of length and outside off, he lets it go easily;
18.5;1;Hazlewood to Bell, 1 run drives it along the ground now, square of the wicket for one;
18.4;2;Hazlewood to Bell, 2 runs runs it past backward point by opening the face late with soft hands and gets two;
18.3;?;Hazlewood to Bell, no run some movement away from the batsman, it's outside off and left easily;
18.2;?;Hazlewood to Bell, no run stifled appeal for bat/glove down the leg side for the short of length ball. Didn't get anything actually, sound was of bat hitting pad;
18.1;?;Hazlewood to Bell, no run angling in towards middle and leg, defends it to leg;
17.6;1;Lyon to Bell, 1 run flight and drift towards middle stump, clipped to deep midwicket with the turn for one;
17.5;?;Lyon to Bell, no run bit of turn from outside off, Bell defends nicely on the back foot;
17.4;1;Lyon to Root, 1 run lets the ball turn by going back again and helps it to fine leg for one;
17.3;?;Lyon to Root, no run deep in the crease again and tucks the ball to short leg now;
17.2;?;Lyon to Root, no run goes back and works the ball from middle and leg to midwicket;
17.1;1;Lyon to Bell, 1 run outside leg and turning down further, easily tucked to backward square leg for one;
16.6;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run targets the off stump with a length delivery, Root pushes it down to mid-on;
16.5;1;Hazlewood to Bell, 1 run this one comes in from length and Bell's thick inside edge goes to fine leg for one;
16.4;?;Hazlewood to Bell, no run seams it away a bit from outside off, Bell lets it go;
16.3;?;Hazlewood to Bell, no run goes down the leg side just past the bat and pad;
16.2;?;Hazlewood to Bell, no run right on target on the off stump, Bell defends solidly off the back foot;
16.1;?;Hazlewood to Bell, no run full around off stump, Bell pushes it back;
15.6;2;Lyon to Root, 2 runs flighted, Root goes down on one knee and miscues a slog-sweep... it goes hiiiiiiiiiiiiigh into the leg side but lands safely out towards deep midwicket, they pick up a couple more;
15.5;?;Lyon to Root, no run pushed through around the line of off, drops back and shows it a straight bat;
15.4;?;Lyon to Root, no run on the stumps, closes the face and turns to leg again;
15.3;?;Lyon to Root, no run tossed up and Root drives towards midwicket;
15.2;1;Lyon to Bell, 1 run on the stumps, Bell drops deep into the crease and punches a single in front of point;
15.1;?;Lyon to Bell, no run around the wicket, tossed up outside off and defended;
14.6;?;Johnson to Root, no run pushed across in the channel, 88mph and left alone;
14.5;?;Johnson to Root, no run drops back in the crease and again shows Johnson a straight bat;
14.4;?;Johnson to Root, no run another short ball on the stumps, blocked;
14.3;?;Johnson to Root, no run short of a length, over off stump and defended square;
14.2;1;Johnson to Bell, 1 run dug in at the ribs, 86mph and Bell rides it, dabs one to deep backward square;
14.1;?;Johnson to Bell, no run length ball, sliding across the batsman, left alone;
13.6;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run back of a length, angling in from outside off, punched into the covers off the back foot;
13.5;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run tighter, on a length, lets it go;
13.4;4;Hazlewood to Root, FOUR runs short outside off and cracked through point for another boundary, wasn't particularly wide but Root's hands flashed through the cut - England are halfway to their target;
13.3;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run slightly overpitched and Root times a drive back along the ground, Hazlewood sticks out a paw and has Bell stumbling to get back, as the ball diverts towards the stumps;
13.2;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run length ball in the corridor, jags away as Root watches it through;
13.1;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run full on the stumps, whipped to the on side but cut off at midwicket;
12.6;2;Johnson to Bell, 2 runs short again and this time Bell works it away through backward square for a couple;
12.5;?;Johnson to Bell, no run back of a length, tucked off the hips to the man at square leg;
12.4;2;Johnson to Bell, 2 runs full on off stump and Bell leans into a drive for a couple through cover;
12.3;?;Johnson to Bell, no run Johnson's arm whips through and sends the ball down wide of the stumps, left alone;
12.2;?;Johnson to Bell, no run short at the body, defended from back in the crease;
12.1;?;Johnson to Bell, no run Johnson's pace has cranked up above 90mph, Bell stays back and watches this fizz through;
11.6;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run length ball, shaping away in the corridor, gets a stride in and raises the bat out of the way;
11.5;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run play and a miss, excellent from Hazlewood! Curving in and then away, Root instinctively jerked towards it but didn't get a touch through to the keeper;
11.4;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run good length on off stump, Root defends on the back foot;
11.3;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run much better line, pitched up and nibbling away outside off, Root gets forward and shoulders arms;
11.2;4;Hazlewood to Root, FOUR runs short and wide and slapped through point for four first ball! Root smashes it out of the screws to get going;
11.1;W;Hazlewood to Lyth, OUT length on leg stump, struck on the pad playing back, Australia go up - and Gaffaney gives it! Lyth decides to review, perhaps thinking it pitched outside leg or was maybe doing too much... but Hawk-Eye quickly confirms what an excellent decision it was from the umpire, the ball landed on middle and leg, seamed back and would have knocked over leg stump three-quarters of the way up. Plumb;Adam Lyth lbw b Hazlewood 12 (49m 28b 3x4 0x6) SR: 42.85;
10.6;?;Johnson to Bell, no run back of a length, at the body and nudged towards midwicket;
10.5;?;Johnson to Bell, no run shortish, threatening to come back in at the batsman, Bell draws his blade inside it at the last;
10.4;?;Johnson to Bell, no run sprays this wide and Bell chases it, a real Hail Mary of a drive that fails to connect;
10.3;?;Johnson to Bell, no run beaten for pace, 85mph and swerving to hit Bell on the thigh pad, too high;
10.2;?;Johnson to Bell, no run slightly back of a length, around off stump, Bell defends it down on to the turf;
10.1;?;Johnson to Bell, no run fired across the bows from over the wicket, left alone;
9.6;?;Lyon to Lyth, no run tossed up on leg stump, Lyth is hit on the pads playing back, Lyon and Nevill go up but umpire Gaffaney isn't interested... and Clarke doesn't bother to review. Probably not straightening enough to over turn a not-out;
9.5;?;Lyon to Lyth, no run angled in on the stumps, dabbed to the leg side;
9.4;?;Lyon to Lyth, no run tossed up outside off, BIG spin for Lyon, ends up in the hands of slip. No stroke from Lyth;
9.3;?;Lyon to Lyth, no run pushed through outside off, punched off the back foot to the man at backward point again;
9.2;?;Lyon to Lyth, no run little bit of width and Lyth drops back in his crease to cut, good bit of fielding at backward point prevents a run;
9.1;?;Lyon to Lyth, no run presses forward to defend on off stump;
8.6;?;Johnson to Bell, no run takes the pace off this time, comes forward and defends;
8.5;4;Johnson to Bell, FOUR runs full and veering away outside off, Bell reaches for it, opens the face and steers another boundary through gully, it was in the air but through a gap and away - raises the England 50;
8.4;?;Johnson to Bell, no run shortish on leg stump, Bell prods it safely down to the on side;
8.3;?;Johnson to Bell, no run banged in short but well down the leg side;
8.2;?;Johnson to Bell, no run back of a length, 86mph outside off stump, Bell hops back and lifts his bat to the sky like a supplicating monk;
8.1;?;Johnson to Bell, no run rumbles to the crease and slings down a fullish ball wide of the wicket, left alone;
7.6;?;Lyon to Lyth, no run pushed through on off and punched back to the bowler;
7.5;4;Lyon to Lyth, FOUR runs floated up on off stump, Lyth gets to the pitch and laces a drive past extra cover to more boozy post-prandial acclaim from the crowd;
7.4;1;Lyon to Bell, 1 run straightening on the stumps and worked away through backward square for one;
7.3;2;Lyon to Bell, 2 runs on the stumps, Bell goes deep in the crease and punches through square for a couple more;
7.2;4;Lyon to Bell, FOUR runs delicate late cut from Bell, drops back in the crease and dabs the ball wide of slip for four more;
7.1;?;Lyon to Bell, no run tossed up on the stumps, Bell defends;
6.6;1;Starc to Bell, 1 run edged and dropped by Clarke at slip! Bell was trying to run it off the face, the ball went low to Clarke's right at second slip but it hit the fingers and went straight to earth. Not quite Warne off Pietersen but should have been taken;
6.5;?;Starc to Bell, no run length ball, on middle stump and turned short towards midwicket;
6.4;4;Starc to Bell, FOUR runs full and slightly leg side, only needs a tickle to send it racing to the rope at fine leg... Edgbaston crows as the runs flow;
6.3;?;Starc to Bell, no run length ball, shaping back in on the stumps, blocked back to the bowler;
6.2;4;Starc to Bell, FOUR runs another one, rattled through cover point! Regal drive from Bell, got down low and belted it out of the middle;
6.1;4;Starc to Bell, FOUR runs full on the stumps and Bell pings it straight back down the ground for four, it wasn't quite yorker length again and got introduced to the full face of the bat;
5.6;?;Lyon to Lyth, no run gives it some air, little bit wider, again happy to let it through to Nevill;
5.5;?;Lyon to Lyth, no run tossed up, Lyth gets his front foot out and shoulders arms;
5.4;?;Lyon to Lyth, no run lets this one straighten through to the keeper;
5.3;4;Lyon to Lyth, FOUR runs sliced in the air but it spins past backward point and runs for four! Lyth was off balance trying to cut but so was the fielder and it squirted through him - the target comes below 100;
5.2;?;Lyon to Lyth, no run pushed through a bit flatter and straighter, Lyth has to jam his bat down on it;
5.1;?;Lyon to Lyth, no run around the wicket, tossed up and defended on off;
4.6;4;Starc to Bell, FOUR runs played late, down wide of third slip and that's four more to Bell, controlled shot, I think, rather than an outside edge;
4.5;?;Starc to Bell, no run oh my, that's a stump shaver! Starc brings it back fractionally over off, Bell dropped the bat late and wasn't far from edging it, either;
4.4;?;Starc to Bell, no run shortish, around the line of off, guided towards point;
4.3;?;Starc to Bell, no run sprayed across towards the slips, 87mph and no stroke offered as Bell goes back in the crease;
4.2;4;Starc to Bell, FOUR runs full and swinging in, not quite the perfect yorker... and Bell makes it look like a leg-stump half-volley by clipping it imperiously through square leg for four. That has woken up the crowd, who bellow their applause;
4.1;W;Starc to Cook, OUT bowled him, straight through! Beauty of a delivery from Starc and it is greeted with an eerie silence around Edgbaston... Starc's radar was bang on here, swinging in and then curving out past Cook's defensive prod to hit off stump. England have lost their captain, Australia have the first of the ten they need. Nervous?;Alastair Cook b Starc 7 (18m 12b 0x4 0x6) SR: 58.33;
3.6;?;Lyon to Lyth, no run more turn, though I think Lyth drew his bat inside this one. Spins through to Nevill outside off;
3.5;3;Lyon to Cook, 3 runs flatter, on off stump, gets to the pitch and drives through the covers, gets it into a gap for a couple;
3.4;?;Lyon to Cook, no run drifting towards leg stump, Cook stabs down on it;
3.3;?;Lyon to Cook, no run bit of width, frees the arms and cuts, can't get it past backward point;
3.2;?;Lyon to Cook, no run spin and bounce here, slightly wide off off and jumping towards slip as Cook leans forward and lets it go;
3.1;?;Lyon to Cook, no run around the wicket, tossed up outside off, reaches forward and defends;
2.6;?;Starc to Lyth, no run back of a length in the channel outside off, left alone;
2.5;?;Starc to Lyth, no run fractionally short and wide and Lyth latches on to it, steers a cut shot on the bounce to backward point;
2.4;?;Starc to Lyth, no run draws his length back, straightening outside off, Lyth again shoulders arms;
2.3;4;Starc to Lyth, FOUR runs pitched up in the slot and Lyth slams it through the covers, got a good stride and covered the swing - middled it to the fence, that will settle a few nerves;
2.2;?;Starc to Lyth, no run on the stumps, back of a length and jabbed down past the attendant short leg;
2.1;?;Starc to Lyth, no run swings away on a length, wide of the stumps and Lyth hops back, raises his bat into the air;
1.6;?;Hazlewood to Cook, no run solid defence from Cook in front of off stump for the length delivery;
1.5;?;Hazlewood to Cook, no run much wider outside off and angling away further, Cook leaves easily;
1.4;?;Hazlewood to Cook, no run outside the off stump now, left alone by Cook;
1.3;2;Hazlewood to Cook, 2 runs errs on the pads again and Cook clips it easily to the same region. They were looking for three but settle for two;
1.2;?;Hazlewood to Cook, no run 80mph, much better now on off stump, shaping it in, Cook gets behind it and defends solidly;
1.1;2;Hazlewood to Cook, 2 runs overpitched on the pads with inswing and Cook clips that nicely off the legs to the backward square leg boundary for two;
0.6;?;Starc to Lyth, no run there's an edge as Lyth withdraws his bat too late, luckily for him it fell short of the slips;
0.5;?;Starc to Lyth, no run good bounce now and not much swing outside off, Lyth shoulders arms;
0.4;?;Starc to Lyth, no run wider outside the off stump with outswing, left this time;
0.3;?;Starc to Lyth, no run 87.6mph, on length outside off, some outswing again and Lyth defends more confidently to point;
0.2;?;Starc to Lyth, no run on the of stump and shaping away, Lyth defends and it goes to backward point. Not from the middle of the bat;
0.1;?;Starc to Lyth, no run hint of outswing outside the off stump, Lyth opens the face of the bat to guide it to cover point;

12.52pm The Australian team marches out for an over or two, followed by Cook and Lyth. Will Johnson open? No, Starc has the new ball. Lyth on strike. Match on? Here we go. Hang on, some trouble with the sight screen already. Four slips, a short leg, Starc runs in...
Shathesh: "England will win this only by 2 or 3 wickets."
 Innings Start