Data
England need 158 to win and you can read all about Australia's effort in Gnasher's bulletin which will be ready shortly. Anyway, the real excitement here is that Andrew Miller has returned triumphantly from Australia and is ready to take comms when the England innings starts.
19.6;2;Shahzad to Smith, 2 runs Two to finish as Smith slugs it down the ground. Pretty good fielding effort from England to restrict Australia on a good pitch but runs on the board must count for something;
19.5;4;Shahzad to Smith, FOUR runs shot! The cheeky cheery Smith finally shows himself. This is full and straight and quick and it's reverse-flicked for four over third man;
19.4;2;Shahzad to Smith, 2 runs this time it's heaved into the leg side, no great power or timing but good running makes it a couple;
19.3;1;Shahzad to Finch, 1 run that's more like it from Shahzad! Full and straight yorker is dug out;
19.3;1w;Shahzad to Finch, 1 wide cripes. This is indescribably wide. Johnson-like. Full, quick and three miles outside off stump;
19.2;2;Shahzad to Finch, 2 runs Yardy drops the catch! Chaos! Three fielders were after this as Finch got a leading edge that sailed up towards point, Yardy made good ground but spilled it;
19.1;1;Shahzad to Smith, 1 run not here, as Smith fetches a full wide delivery into the midwicket region for a single;
18.6;1;Bresnan to Smith, 1 run fantastic death over ends with another yorker that's just about dug out for a single;
18.5;?;Bresnan to Smith, no run and again it's a play and miss outside off! This is turning into a monster over;
18.4;1b;Bresnan to Finch, 1 bye ooh dear, this was an awful shot. Full ball again and Finch had his head in the skies as he tries to slug this into the leg side. The best thing he did was was run a bye;
18.3;?;Bresnan to Finch, no run excellent work from Bresnan, full outside off stump, Finch flays and misses;
18.2;1;Bresnan to Smith, 1 run this time Bresnan lands the yorker and it's driven hard square of the wicket but straight to deep point;
18.1;1;Bresnan to Finch, 1 run Bresnan starts unspectacularly with a full toss that is shoved down to midwicket for one;
17.6;1;Yardy to Finch, 1 run flat-footed hack across the line can only earn a single. Excellent over and an excellent spell;
17.5;1;Yardy to Smith, 1 run this is swatted, with no great timing or power, down to long-on for one;
17.4;?;Yardy to Smith, no run this hurries through Smith's attempted work-to-leg before he could get a bat on it;
17.3;1;Yardy to Finch, 1 run hint of width here means Finch can chop a cut shot away, but only for one;
17.2;1;Yardy to Smith, 1 run Smith is down the wicket and almost deceived by lack of pace from Yardy, but still works down the ground for one;
17.1;1;Yardy to Finch, 1 run Yardy is back and starts with a typically quick flat delivery that's worked into the leg side for one;
16.6;2;Bresnan to Smith, 2 runs Smith starts by shuffling across his stumps and it's flicked off the toes towards long-on for a swiftly-taken couple;
16.5;W;Bresnan to Hussey, OUT emphatic response from Bresnan. Perfect yorker rocks the middle pole. Hussey gives himself room, too much room and can't squeeze anything down in time;David Hussey b Bresnan 28 (32m 27b 1x4 1x6) SR: 103.7;
16.4;6;Bresnan to Hussey, SIX runs That's gone way, way, way back. Bresnan lands a half-tracker and Hussey threw everything into his pull shot, sending it miles into the stands at midwicket;
16.3;1;Bresnan to Finch, 1 run Bresnan corrects his length and line and it's driven very correctly to deep cover;
16.2;4;Bresnan to Finch, FOUR runs Finch is away now properly, skips down the wicket gets a touch of width and creams it wide of point for four;
16.1;?;Bresnan to Finch, no run sharp delivery from Bresnan, hitting a length outside off stump and zipping past the outside edge;
15.6;1;Swann to Finch, 1 run worked away for one more to end Swann's spell, which was ruined by Watson's assault in the first over;
15.5;1;Swann to Hussey, 1 run whipped into the leg side for a single. Good stuff from Swann here;
15.4;2;Swann to Hussey, 2 runs ooh, doesn't quite reach the fielder out at long-on, who collects on the bounce;
15.3;1;Swann to Finch, 1 run touch of air from Swann to the newbie and it's worked away for a single into the leg side;
15.2;1;Swann to Hussey, 1 run this comes off the inside edge and runs away behind the keeper for one;
15.1;1;Swann to Finch, 1 run fullish ball is driven from well outside off to deep cover;
14.6;W;Woakes to White, OUT Woakes has his first international wicket! White departs trying to heave this over long-on, Pietersen jogs in, sets himself and holds an easy catch. Decent effort from Woakes removing a key scalp;Cameron White c Pietersen b Woakes 6 (14m 9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
14.5;2;Woakes to White, 2 runs this fires off the inside edge and heads down to backwards square leg;
14.4;1;Woakes to Hussey, 1 run Woakes jumps very wide of the crease to angle this in and it's driven down the ground where Bresnan does well to keep it to two;
14.3;4;Woakes to Hussey, FOUR runs ugly stroke as Hussey slugs across the line and it heads off the bottom edge down past short fine leg for four;
14.2;2;Woakes to Hussey, 2 runs Hussey hasn't quite middled this which means he can collect two down to long-off;
14.1;1;Woakes to White, 1 run Woakes finds an off-stump line, no great pace though and White cracks it to deep square;
13.6;?;Swann to Hussey, no run good over ends with nothing but defence;
13.5;2;Swann to Hussey, 2 runs Hussey aims big here and his bad timing saves him as it heads one-bounce to deep midwicket;
13.4;2;Swann to Hussey, 2 runs this is a touch wide of off and chopped away behind point;
13.3;?;Swann to Hussey, no run Hussey trying to work Swann into space with a flick of the wrists but he picks out midwicket;
13.2;?;Swann to Hussey, no run again Hussey steers back to the bowler who scoots across to field;
13.1;?;Swann to Hussey, no run Swann throws this up outside off stump and Hussey flicks back to Swann who fields with a dive;
12.6;1;Woakes to Hussey, 1 run good over ends with a mistimed drive down the ground for one;
12.5;1;Woakes to White, 1 run an attempted yorker is steered away for a single to midwicket that brings up the Australia 100;
12.4;1;Woakes to Hussey, 1 run again there is not much timing, as this comes off the inside edge down the ground for one;
12.3;1;Woakes to White, 1 run hint of a slower ball here and it's driven without much power down the ground;
12.2;?;Woakes to White, no run this time Woakes locates the ideal length and line and White can do nothing but defend;
12.1;1;Woakes to Hussey, 1 run Woakes very wide of the crease and fires this in full, worked away with the angle to deep square;
12.1;1w;Woakes to Hussey, 1 wide starts with a bouncer, sadly for him the line is wrong, too far down the leg side;
11.6;?;Swann to White, no run White steers this straight to short third man;
11.5;1;Swann to Hussey, 1 run steered down the ground for a single. Good comeback over this from Swann;
11.4;?;Swann to Hussey, no run slightly quicker from Swann and worked to mid-on;
11.3;1;Swann to White, 1 run White swings a powerful sweep shot down to the square-leg boundary;
11.2;1;Swann to Hussey, 1 run this time it's flicked around the corner for a single;
11.1;?;Swann to Hussey, no run some spin here from outside off, beats the Hussey defence and thuds into pads;
10.6;?;Yardy to White, no run this is neither six nor four as instead White shapes the perfect defence back to the bowler;
10.5;W;Yardy to Warner, OUT Warner couldn't quite clear the ropes this innings and he's picked out Shahzad on the midwicket boundary as he swung this to leg;David Warner c Shahzad b Yardy 30 (45m 28b 5x4 0x6) SR: 107.14;
10.4;?;Yardy to Warner, no run Yardy's response is predictable - flat and quick - Warner mistimes an attempted cut;
10.3;4;Yardy to Warner, FOUR runs this time Warner flays cleanly. Down the track and swinging crisply down to the mid-on boundary;
10.2;?;Yardy to Warner, no run good quicker ball, slightly shorter too and cramping Warner for room;
10.1;2;Yardy to Warner, 2 runs Warner hurries back for a second after driving this off his toes to deep mid-on;
9.6;?;Shahzad to Hussey, no run excellent yorker to finish a brilliant over. Hussey jabs it back to the bowler who needlessly falls as he collects;
9.5;1;Shahzad to Warner, 1 run after all the short stuff this is the opposite - a low full toss - but Warner can only mistime it down to long-off;
9.4;1;Shahzad to Hussey, 1 run this time Shahzad goes fuller, not much fuller though and Hussey chops down to third man;
9.3;?;Shahzad to Hussey, no run short again, pacey too and Hussey had a flap at it outside off without connecting;
9.2;?;Shahzad to Hussey, no run short again, good delivery. This was sharper and Hussey quickly had to bob under it;
9.1;?;Shahzad to Hussey, no run bouncer here, outside off stump and Hussey sways out the way;
8.6;?;Yardy to Warner, no run good delivery again, full and flat and dug out straight back to Warner;
8.5;1;Yardy to Hussey, 1 run tossed up by Yardy this time, don't see that too often and Hussey full-faces down the ground for one;
8.4;W;Yardy to Watson, OUT Watson falls in the fifties again! Gives himself plenty of room very early and Yardy slings down a swift quicker ball that zips off the pitch and crashes into the top of off stump;Shane Watson b Yardy 59 (35m 31b 6x4 3x6) SR: 190.32;
8.3;2;Yardy to Watson, 2 runs flicked this time to midwicket for a couple more;
8.2;4;Yardy to Watson, FOUR runs Australia are flying now, this is chopped away past short third man for another boundary. Some class to backup all the muscle;
8.1;1;Yardy to Warner, 1 run Warner wants a go now but his swinging isn't quite as good and he collects one to deep midwicket;
7.6;2;Swann to Watson, 2 runs full toss, quicker ball again, Watson flicks to square leg;
7.5;4;Swann to Watson, FOUR runs four more this time and Watson has fifty! What an over, what an innings! This is again boshed from outside off stump very firmly for four straight down the ground;
7.4;2;Swann to Watson, 2 runs fired in this time flat and full, boos ring around the ground as Watson clunks down the ground for a couple;
7.3;6;Swann to Watson, SIX runs three in a row! This is the best of the lot! Again some air from Swann, but not as much as from Watson who swept it a mile into the stands at deep midwicket;
7.2;6;Swann to Watson, SIX runs have that! Swann tossed it up outside off stump, Watson didn't care and repeated the dose. Crashed a long way;
7.1;6;Swann to Watson, SIX runs welcome Mr Swann. Watson thrusts down a foot and bangs a slog-sweep a long way into the crowds;
6.6;4;Yardy to Warner, FOUR runs the line is wrong and it's made a good over bad. Fired down the leg side, comes off a flurry of bat and arms and runs away for four down to fine leg to bring up the fifty stand;
6.5;?;Yardy to Warner, no run cripes, that is a very swift quicker ball and Warner again scampers into defence;
6.4;4;Yardy to Warner, FOUR runs wrong line from Yardy, heading down the leg side and Warner gets to swing it around the corner firmly for four;
6.3;?;Yardy to Warner, no run but won't find it here as he has to hurry to defend a slippery delivery;
6.2;1;Yardy to Watson, 1 run width will always cost, but this time just a single as Watson's cut finds deep point;
6.1;?;Yardy to Watson, no run starts excellently, firing it in from wide of the crease and rushing Watson into a defence;
5.6;1;Bresnan to Watson, 1 run ouch! Watson murdered a drive back at Bresnan, who stuck out a boot and found, to his horror, the ball crashing into it;
5.5;1;Bresnan to Warner, 1 run good work from Bresnan, rushing onto Warner from back of a length, it crashes off the body into the off side and a sharp single is taken;
5.4;?;Bresnan to Warner, no run good length and line from Bresnan and Warner has nowhere to go;
5.3;?;Bresnan to Warner, no run Warner hasn't quite found his range and despite the width here his cut shot is mistimed to cover;
5.2;1;Bresnan to Watson, 1 run full toss from Bresnan and Watson toe-ends to longish mid-on, jogging through for another single;
5.1;1lb;Bresnan to Warner, 1 leg bye Bresnan finds a length around leg stump and it thuds off the pads around the corner for a jogged single;
4.6;1;Shahzad to Warner, 1 run Warner tries to give himself room but the delivery is on him too quickly and he can only steer to cover;
4.5;1;Shahzad to Watson, 1 run firmly driven again this time out to deep cover;
4.4;4;Shahzad to Watson, FOUR runs Pietersen has made a hash of that. He was moved back to a deepish mid-on and Watson duly drove uppishly in his direction but as he set himself the ball sailed over his head and went for four!;
4.3;1;Shahzad to Warner, 1 run Shahzad aims full in search of a yorker and it crunches off the toe-end to mid-on;
4.2;?;Shahzad to Warner, no run wonderful hack there from Warner, never looked like hitting it as he swung across the line;
4.1;1;Shahzad to Watson, 1 run good start to the new spell, finds the off-stump channel and Watson steers to point;
3.6;1;Bresnan to Watson, 1 run low full toss comes off the toe-end and trickles down to long-on. Probably tried to hit it too hard there;
3.5;4;Bresnan to Watson, FOUR runs yup, Watson is ticking now, gets a length ball from Bresnan and whips it to the midwicket boundary;
3.4;?;Bresnan to Watson, no run this is again mullered by Watson, on the up as well, but Luke Wright diving at mid-off cuts off the runs;
3.3;4;Bresnan to Watson, FOUR runs wow, Watson has banged this so hard to the cover boundary that he's broken his bat. The handle comes off as he plays the shot - smacking a full wide delivery away;
3.2;?;Bresnan to Watson, no run again Bresnan bangs it down on a length and Watson aims a swish which he can't connect with;
3.1;?;Bresnan to Watson, no run straight away Bresnan hits his length and line, just like the Tests, and Watson solidly forward to defend;
2.6;1;Woakes to Watson, 1 run this time it's worked off a middle-stump line to midwicket for another single;
2.5;4;Woakes to Watson, FOUR runs oops, a few wide ones and now this is fatally full on the pads. Watson only had to help it on its way with a flick of his wrists to collect another boundary;
2.4;1;Woakes to Warner, 1 run decent recovery from Woakes, reverting to a length and line and it's crisply punched to mid-on for a swiftly-taken single;
2.3;4;Woakes to Warner, FOUR runs and again! Even better shot this time. On the up and threaded through extra cover;
2.2;4;Woakes to Warner, FOUR runs first boundary of the day and the ball certainly deserved it. Grisly wide delivery, full as well, Warner just had to throw his arms through the line and the boundary followed;
2.1;?;Woakes to Warner, no run Australia are just hitting the field at the moment, Woakes here aims full and Warner cracks it straight to mid-off;
1.6;?;Shahzad to Watson, no run he's all hustle and bustle but this is a touch wide and Watson crashes his arms through the line, pinging it to cover;
1.5;1;Shahzad to Warner, 1 run good start this from Shahzad and he finds something approaching the edge here but it's thickish and flies wide of the slips to third man;
1.4;?;Shahzad to Warner, no run again Shahzad has Warner in a hurry. Hitting a length around off stump and Warner is slow to get forward;
1.3;?;Shahzad to Warner, no run nervy times as Watson gets in a tangle with his running. No alarms though. Shahzad was swift there, getting Warner hopping on the back foot and beating him for pace;
1.2;1;Shahzad to Watson, 1 run this is a touch close to off stump for the shot but Watson still manages to chop this to third man;
1.1;?;Shahzad to Watson, no run Shahzad does find some swing early on and Watson's squeezed drive is fielded superbly by Collingwood, jumping up with to save with one hand at cover;
0.6;?;Woakes to Warner, no run back of a length this time, Warner tried to work to leg but couldn't. All of which ends a tidy over;
0.5;1;Woakes to Watson, 1 run Woakes is happy to go full in search of swing, there isn't any and Watson drills a straight drive that again Pietersen fields smartly;
0.4;?;Woakes to Watson, no run much better this time, Woakes finds the length and line to meet that characteristic clunked forward block from Watson;
0.3;?;Woakes to Watson, no run short ball followed by a half-volley that Watson cracks towards mid-on where a tumbling Pietersen fields well to save;
0.2;2;Woakes to Watson, 2 runs Woakes is lucky to get away with this, it's hideously short and wide and Watson slaps it towards third man who scoots round to field;
0.1;1;Woakes to Warner, 1 run tidy enough start for both teams, dished up fullish on the stumps, Warner flicks around the corner for a single, they thought about two before thinking again;

7.00pm Right, we're almost ready for the off. Shane Watson and David Warner provide the muscle at the top of the order for Australia. The crowd is heaving and Chris Woakes, on debut, will get things going for England. Two slips in place...
6.55pm Greg Blewett on Sky helpful informs us that the pitch is an "absolute cracker" and he expects plenty of runs. Good toss to win and according to Michael Vaughan's Twitter "Aussie should be big favourites now they have won the toss and are batting first..." So there you go.
The players and crowd are observing a minute's silence for those who've lost their lives in Queensland.
6.50pm As ever, things beyond the field put the cricket into perspective. The terrible events in Queensland have rocked the country and the teams will be wearing black armbands in respect to those who have lost their lives in the flooding. What's more they will be collecting donations for the flood-relief effort with the players donating part of their match fees.
6.45pm Cameron White has started his captaincy on the right note by winning the toss and Australia will bat.
Some team news is that Ian Bell returns to the Twenty20 side for the first time since 2008 and Chris Woakes makes his debut. All of which means England look like this:
England: 1 Ian Bell, 2 Steven Davies (wk), 3 Kevin Pietersen, 4 Paul Collingwood (capt), 5 Eoin Morgan, 6 Luke Wright, 7 Michael Yardy, 8 Tim Bresnan, 9 Graeme Swann, 10 Ajmal Shahzad, 11 Chris Woakes.
Australia meanwhile have a debutant of their own in Aaron Finch and there is a place for Brett Lee, which is always good news. Plenty of pace in Australia's line-up.
Australia: 1 David Warner, 2 Shane Watson, 3 Tim Paine (wk), 4 David Hussey, 5 Cameron White (capt), 6 Aaron Finch, 7 Steve Smith, 8 Steve O'Keefe, 9 Mitchell Johnson, 10 Brett Lee, 11 Shaun Tait
6.30pm Hello and welcome to Cricinfo's coverage of the 1st Twenty20 between Australia and England. I hope you enjoyed the Ashes because that's the last red-ball cricket you'll be seeing in a while around these parts. Instead we have two Twenty20s and an eye-watering seven ODIs ahead of us.
I'm Sahil Dutta and I'm delighted to announce that Mr Andrew Miller will be sharing the comms duties for this match. At the ground we have Andrew McGlashan and after the Ashes drubbing Australia arrive in Adelaide with a new T20 captain - Cameron White - some new faces, some old faces and a whole load of hope.
England, meanwhile, are chasing a record win as Andrew McGlashan's preview tells you all about.
 Innings Start
Anyhow, that's your lot for tonight. From Andrew Miller and Sahil Dutta, and Gnasher in Adelaide, it's goodnight, and see you on Friday. In the meantime, why not go and follow South Africa and India in Durban.
Woakes is sounding very calm and collected after his matchwinning effort - "never in doubt" he says. Collingwood says it was Andy Flower's call to push him up the order after "looking good in the nets". Which goes to show, that phrase isn't always an empty platitude.
Of Watson's assault on Swann, "that was pure hitting" says Collingwood. But the team did well to haul it back in.
Cameron White, on his first day of captaincy, says: "We weren't far away, but one or two things weren't 100%". Watson, meanwhile, is getting used to looking crestfallen after England games. "It was nice to contribute the way I did, but it doesn't matter how you perform if you don't get the team over the line."
As an Ipswich boy, Watson admits the Queensland floods have been at the front of his mind all week. The Adelaide crowd raised A$24,899 tonight, which will help.
The jubilation in England's dug-out was unbridled. They really really do care about winning everything at the moment. All that talk about the Ashes not being the be-all-and-end-all, it's actually possible to believe it.
Meanwhile, somewhere in Adelaide's Bradman Stand press box, Gnasher is having kittens as he writes, rewrites and rewrites again a match report that was looking so routine for 15 overs. It will appear here
Wow. That was epic. That is England's eighth successive Twenty20 victory, which is a new record for the format, and they are also unbeaten in all formats for 16 series and counting, regardless of what happens in the second match on Friday.
Spare a thought for poor Watto - 59 from 31 balls and 4 for 15, and he still couldn't finish on the right side. It's not been his season, clearly.
19.6;1;Watson to Woakes, 1 run up to the pads, swished up and over midwicket, that's the winning run, and welcome to international cricket, Chris Woakes. He looks the part, on that showing;
19.5;2;Watson to Woakes, 2 runs cracking stroke! Firmly carved out to deep point, they rush back for two, and the scores are tied;
19.4;1lb;Watson to Shahzad, 1 leg bye he's off the strike, first job done. A cutter again, deflects off the thigh pad out to gully;
19.3;?;Watson to Shahzad, no run full and straight, driven back to the bowler;
19.2;?;Watson to Shahzad, no run excellent delivery, a cutter, and Shahzad looks for the single but it's not there;
19.1;W;Watson to Swann, OUT that's the way to lose it! Swann went for glory, with a hoist through the leg-side, but he's bowled middle stump!;Graeme Swann b Watson 6 (9m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 120;
18.6;3;Lee to Swann, 3 runs clever work from Swann. All the field on the off-side, so he paddles an off-side delivery out towards deep square leg. It's England's to lose now ...;
18.5;1;Lee to Woakes, 1 run cut hard, straight down into the crease. So nearly chopped on, but it's another single as Lee attempts a two-footed tackle on the in-rushing Swann!;
18.4;4;Lee to Woakes, FOUR runs that's vital. A loose delivery, another full toss, and this time Woakes was onto it, cut hard through point;
18.3;1;Lee to Swann, 1 run another drive, elegant stroke, but the field is well set for Swann's off-side repertoire. Another single;
18.2;1;Lee to Woakes, 1 run driven hard into the covers, but that's just a single as the cover fielder tidies up;
18.1;1;Lee to Swann, 1 run thigh-high full-toss, but Swann is surprised by that and can't get it away;
17.6;?;Watson to Woakes, no run slower ball, hops over the top of a loose cut. A fine over, and Australia are right back in the mix ... and more!;
17.5;1;Watson to Swann, 1 run jabbed to third man, another sprightly single. Though another direct hit would have been out ...;
17.4;1;Watson to Woakes, 1 run poked down to third man;
17.3;W;Watson to Bresnan, OUT outside off, swished over the covers, but there's not enough bat on that, and Bresnan falls! Now this will test the mettle of England's tail;Tim Bresnan c Lee b Watson 11 (21m 11b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
17.2;1;Watson to Woakes, 1 run slower ball, dabbed to third man;
17.1;1;Watson to Bresnan, 1 run smacked to mid-on, another single to the cause;
16.6;?;Tait to Woakes, no run outside off, an air-shot, and the rate is back over a run a ball. Just ...;
16.5;?;Tait to Woakes, no run poked out to point, Smith steadied himself for a shy at the non-striker's end, but missed. That was gone for all money!;
16.4;1lb;Tait to Bresnan, 1 leg bye attempted swish, ends up dead in the crease, but Woakes makes a sharp call. Another single stolen;
16.3;1;Tait to Woakes, 1 run back on a full length, deflected down to third man;
16.2;6;Tait to Woakes, SIX runs well, that will help! Banged in short, and Woakes is onto it in a flash, pulled high and handsome into the midwicket stands!;
16.1;?;Tait to Woakes, no run good delivery, angled in from wide on the crease. Woakes can only defend;
15.6;?;Watson to Bresnan, no run sturdy defence on off stump, and suddenly Adelaide is abuzz.;
15.5;1;Watson to Woakes, 1 run driven out to point, and that is Woakes' first international run;
15.4;?;Watson to Woakes, no run good delivery, angled in from outside off. Defended from deep in the crease;
15.3;W;Watson to Yardy, OUT blimey! Two in two! A surprise bouncer to Yardy, he tried not to play it but his bat grazed the ball periscope style as he swayed out of line!;Michael Yardy c ?Paine b Watson 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
15.2;W;Watson to Morgan, OUT well, well, that's a timely breakthrough! The rate is already a run a ball, but England's finisher falls to a tame drive to short cover ...;Eoin Morgan c Hussey b Watson 43 (40m 33b 5x4 1x6) SR: 130.3;
15.1;1;Watson to Bresnan, 1 run driven firmly to mid-off, and another instant single;
14.6;3;Johnson to Bresnan, 3 runs lovely strike from Bresnan, on the toes and clipped firmly towards the midwicket boundary. A leaky over from Johnson and England are right on top now;
14.5;1;Johnson to Morgan, 1 run too much width, too much even for Morgan to time his cut. Deep cover collects;
14.4;2;Johnson to Morgan, 2 runs on the pads again, very full;
14.3;2;Johnson to Morgan, 2 runs too straight, swinging to leg, and flicked hard towards the square leg boundary, where two men tidy up between them;
14.2;2;Johnson to Morgan, 2 runs outside off, steered down to third man;
14.1;?;Johnson to Morgan, no run on the toes, can't get the flick away;
13.6;?;Hussey to Bresnan, no run crashed into the covers, but well fielded;
13.5;1;Hussey to Morgan, 1 run a jabbed single, and all of a sudden the rate is all but a run a ball;
13.4;4;Hussey to Morgan, FOUR runs too short, and pulled hard and flat through midwicket;
13.3;4;Hussey to Morgan, FOUR runs another brilliant shot made to look effortless from Morgan, an inside-out drive over wide mid-off;
13.2;1;Hussey to Bresnan, 1 run driven out to deep extra cover;
13.1;?;Hussey to Bresnan, no run well flighted, driven to short cover, and intercepted;
12.6;1;Tait to Bresnan, 1 run drilled into the covers, Bresnan keeps the strike;
12.5;4;Tait to Bresnan, FOUR runs an ambitious dive on the long-on boundary from Johnson, a long delay but the third umpire decrees he was touching the rope;
12.4;W;Tait to Wright, OUT that was exceptionally plumb! For a moment it looked as though Wright had got a tickle of bat on a leg-glance, but nope, it was pad all the way;Luke Wright lbw b Tait 0 (4m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
12.3;1;Tait to Morgan, 1 run clipped to mid-on;
12.2;4;Tait to Morgan, FOUR runs you can't bowl there, short and pulled behind square;
12.1;?;Tait to Morgan, no run good ball, pitches on middle-and-leg and Morgan is beaten outside off;
11.6;?;Hussey to Wright, no run aggressive intent. A firm drive, straight to cover;
11.5;W;Hussey to PD Collingwood, OUT reverse-sweep, and that's due reward for a fine over. A big top-edge from Collingwood, and Paine walks round to gather;Paul Collingwood c ?Paine b Hussey 16 (29m 20b 2x4 0x6) SR: 80;
11.4;1;Hussey to Morgan, 1 run Morgan tries to work with the angle, but nearly gets a leading edge. Canny bowling;
11.3;1;Hussey to PD Collingwood, 1 run on the pads from over the wicket to the right-hander. Clipped square;
11.2;1;Hussey to Morgan, 1 run round the wicket, big angles involved there. Morgan steps back and guides a punch into the gap at cover;
11.1;1;Hussey to PD Collingwood, 1 run tweaking from off to leg, helped round the corner;
10.6;?;Lee to Morgan, no run low full toss, biffed back down the track, and hits the non-striker's stumps right at the base! Collingwood was lucky there were no Lee fingertips on that;
10.5;4;Lee to Morgan, FOUR runs fuller this time, and Morgan is waiting. A lofted drive, one bounce over long-off!;
10.4;6;Lee to Morgan, SIX runs That. Is. Huge. Short, and Morgan swings into a vicious pull, clears the square leg boundary and bounces off the hospitality railings!;
10.3;?;Lee to Morgan, no run slow bouncer, Morgan can't make contact;
10.2;?;Lee to Morgan, no run full and straight, and jabbed to point;
10.1;?;Lee to Morgan, no run cramped cut straight to point;
9.6;1;Watson to Morgan, 1 run watchful defence on off stump;
9.5;2;Watson to Morgan, 2 runs another drive, beats the infield and collected in the deep. Sharp running brings two;
9.4;1;Watson to PD Collingwood, 1 run a touch of width, driven calmly to deep cover. Singles will suffice for the moment, it seems;
9.3;1;Watson to Morgan, 1 run very straight, and Morgan jabs an uneasy cut through backward point;
9.2;1;Watson to PD Collingwood, 1 run pumped to long-on;
9.1;?;Watson to PD Collingwood, no run huge appeal, but that was ambitious. Collingwood was way down, and struck outside off. A run-out attempt might have been closer though!;
8.6;?;Johnson to Morgan, no run short and wide, and might have been called had Morgan not made contact with a wafty cut;
8.5;?;Johnson to Morgan, no run outside off;
8.4;1;Johnson to PD Collingwood, 1 run poked out to point;
8.3;4;Johnson to PD Collingwood, FOUR runs nice shot from Colly, too full from Johnson, and he put the full face of the blade behind a bottom-handed clump over long-on;
8.2;?;Johnson to PD Collingwood, no run dabbed down into the crease;
8.1;?;Johnson to PD Collingwood, no run defended back to the bowler;
7.6;4;O'Keefe to Morgan, FOUR runs that's the way to do it, a touch of room to swing the bat, and lofted into space at wide mid-off. A timely boundary;
7.5;?;O'Keefe to Morgan, no run clipped firmly to midwicket;
7.4;1;O'Keefe to PD Collingwood, 1 run pushed into the gap at long-on, another single;
7.3;?;O'Keefe to PD Collingwood, no run big stride forward and blocked;
7.2;1lb;O'Keefe to Morgan, 1 leg bye an attempted paddywhack, but that flicks the pad and deflects to short third man;
7.1;?;O'Keefe to Morgan, no run tossed onto a good length, flicked back to the bowler;
6.6;?;Johnson to PD Collingwood, no run outside off, left alone, suddenly it's all gone very calm out there;
6.5;?;Johnson to PD Collingwood, no run punched into the covers;
6.4;?;Johnson to PD Collingwood, no run punched back down the track, a tidy over so far;
6.3;2;Johnson to PD Collingwood, 2 runs flicked in the air, through the gap at midwicket;
6.2;1;Johnson to Morgan, 1 run stabbed out to midwicket, and they run a quick single;
6.2;1w;Johnson to Morgan, 1 wide down the leg side;
6.1;?;Johnson to Morgan, no run cautious defence to a good-length delivery on off stump. Point fields;
5.6;?;O'Keefe to PD Collingwood, no run flicked to midwicket, an excellent recovery in that over;
5.5;1;O'Keefe to Morgan, 1 run down the track, clipped to long-on;
5.4;?;O'Keefe to Morgan, no run outside off, left alone judiciously;
5.3;W;O'Keefe to Pietersen, OUT three-card trick! Pietersen thought he was in the zone, played one stroke too many, and David Hussey at mid-off timed his leap to perfection to intercept;Kevin Pietersen c Hussey b O'Keefe 25 (20m 11b 3x4 1x6) SR: 227.27;
5.2;6;O'Keefe to Pietersen, SIX runs zoinks, that's hit! Down on one knee, and belted into the stands at square leg;
5.1;4;O'Keefe to Pietersen, FOUR runs clobbered, down the track and really lifted up and over long-off;
4.6;?;Johnson to PD Collingwood, no run fuller length, defended back to the bowler;
4.5;4;Johnson to PD Collingwood, FOUR runs easy for Collingwood, short and too straight, and helped around the corner with a roll of the wrists;
4.4;?;Johnson to PD Collingwood, no run a bit of width, Collingwood pokes out to point;
4.3;W;Johnson to Bell, OUT down the track, another lofted flog, and this time Smith in the covers does the business. The end of a lively innings from Bell. He's got England up and running;Ian Bell c Smith b Johnson 27 (20m 17b 4x4 1x6) SR: 158.82;
4.2;3;Johnson to Pietersen, 3 runs how did that get there? A massive swipe from Pietersen, ends up at fine leg;
4.1;1;Johnson to Bell, 1 run outside off, carved down to third man;
3.6;1;Lee to Bell, 1 run under-edged into the crease, and deflected to fine leg. Paine rushes round to field;
3.5;?;Lee to Bell, no run driven hard into the covers;
3.4;4;Lee to Bell, FOUR runs pulled hard through midwicket and that's a bad misfield on the boundary's edge. O'Keeffe again. Two touches, two errors;
3.3;2lb;Lee to Bell, 2 leg byes deflected through the gap in the cordon, good delivery in the circumstances, squared up a touch;
3.2;1;Lee to Pietersen, 1 run a footless mow to a good-length delivery. Inside-edged into the crease, and off they run for a quick single;
3.1;4;Lee to Pietersen, FOUR runs KP wants some of the action now. Out of the crease, and drilled over long-on;
2.6;?;Tait to Bell, no run dabbed out to point;
2.5;6;Tait to Bell, SIX runs what a shot! Nice catch in the crowd too... short and wide, and violently uppercut, clean over the third man rope!;
2.5;1w;Tait to Bell, 1 wide down the leg-side. Arguably the least eventful delivery of the innings so far. It's been breathless!;
2.4;1;Tait to Pietersen, 1 run right up to the toes, flicked up and over midwicket, one bounce to the man on the fence;
2.3;3;Tait to Bell, 3 runs lovely use of the feet, as Bell flicks an on-drive down the ground. Just rescued inside the rope by a flick of the hand;
2.2;?;Tait to Bell, no run that was an emphatic follow-up from Bell, out of his crease to blaze through the covers. But he hit the field;
2.1;?;Tait to Bell, no run Dropped! Bell survives again, a sliced drive to Warner in the gully, who makes good ground low to his left, but can't cling on...;
1.6;?;Lee to Pietersen, no run short, might have been a slower ball. Helped round the corner to short fine leg;
1.5;2;Lee to Pietersen, 2 runs inside-out swipe, trickles into the gap at midwicket;
1.4;4;Lee to Pietersen, FOUR runs airily driven, through the gap at cover, but at a catchable height. KP is up and running;
1.3;?;Lee to Pietersen, no run outside off, open face, worked into the gully;
1.2;W;Lee to Davies, OUT ah ... maybe he is a bit rusty after all. A similar delivery, but this one is lifted into the hands of short cover. Lee starts his lawnmower, and Australia have their breakthrough!;Steven Davies c White b Lee 4 (4m 2b 1x4 0x6) SR: 200;
1.1;4;Lee to Davies, FOUR runs that is a gorgeous strike. Davies has been in mothballs for two months, but he's clearly been middling them in the nets. A touch of width, and caressed through the covers;
0.6;?;Tait to Bell, no run a mistimed punch, back to the bowler. Well, it is officially all happening;
0.5;4;Tait to Bell, FOUR runs fetch that! Too straight, Bell goes up onto his toes, threads the gap at cover, and doesn't bother to run;
0.4;4;Tait to Bell, FOUR runs too short, and this time Bell has the measure of Tait's slippery pace, a powerful pull with a roll of the wrists. That fizzes through midwicket;
0.3;4;Tait to Bell, FOUR runs short, wide, and flogged, high and not-very-handsome over deep cover. Effective;
0.2;?;Tait to Bell, no run back into the crease and punched tidily into the off side;
0.1;?;Tait to Bell, no run dropped! What drama! Short, and Bell was back into the crease, hurried on the pull, and O'Keeffe at square leg dropped a sitter!;

Woo ... pwitty fireworks! How lovely. Even prettier sunset, while we're on the aesthetics. But much more importantly, we're about to get the chase underway. Ian Bell will open, as England field their (x-2y/z)th opening combination in Twenty20 history. But they are world champs, so I guess they can do as they please ...
Two slips for the lightning Shaun Tait, here we go!
Hello everyone, that was a pretty tidy effort from England's bowlers, all things considered. It could have got messy after those three sixes off Swann, but they kept the score in check. A win here, and England will ensure they remain unbeaten in all forms of the game for 16 series and counting. Which is quite some achievement ...
This is ten more runs than England required in the World Twenty20 final in Barbados back in May ...
 Innings Start
Australia
England
1st T20I (N), Adelaide, Jan 12 2011, England tour of Australia
157/4
158/9
Player of the match is Shane Watson, AUS
England won by 1 wicket
