Data
And so here we are with the third highest total in World Cups. We've had the fastest hundred in World Cup history and a couple of 90s that have set Warner Park alight. Fours and sixes have bucketed down with the batsmen taking heavy toll on the short straight boundaries. Shaun Pollock turned in his worst performance in an ODI and South Africa had a forgettable day on the field. We know what happened the last time the two teams met - Australia amassed 434 and South Africa bested it. Are they going to do the unthinkable again? Join us in a while to find out
49.6;W;Hall to Symonds, OUT What a way to finish. Inswinging yorker that crashes into Symonds's off stump. It was a wonderful over to finish, conceding just four runs in the last over;Andrew Symonds b Hall 18 (25m 13b 2x4 0x6) SR: 138.46;
49.5;2;Hall to Symonds, 2 runs Another yorker outside off, Symonds charges again, backs away again but can only jam his bat down and sneak it past point for a brace;
49.4;1;Hall to Watson, 1 run Down the track, takes in on the full. Smashed to long-off on the bounce. They settle for a single;
49.3;?;Hall to Watson, no run Not this time. Watson tries for another cheeky sweep, by moving way outside off but can't make contact. The ball reaches the wicketkeeper.;
49.2;?;Hall to Watson, no run Good yorker. Best ball at this stage. Outside off and Watson jams it out. Can't get a single as the ball trickles back to the bowler;
49.1;1;Hall to Symonds, 1 run Symonds gives himself room and down the track, swings his bat and the ball races away to deep point. Easy single there;
48.6;4;Langeveldt to Watson, FOUR runs Swept again, this time in front of square for another four. It's too easy - move across and swat. Watson troubling with his cheek. Langeveldt can only watch and despair after his 10 over spell that bled 82;
48.5;2;Langeveldt to Watson, 2 runs Full ball on off and Watson creams it over extra cover, not that well timed as the ball drops in front of Ashwell Prince who is running around. Batsmen settle for two;
48.4;4;Langeveldt to Watson, FOUR runs This time he comes off. Shuffles across the stumps and sweeps to the vacant fine leg region for a four. Classy stuff from Watson, that was treated as if a spinner was bowling. Easy and cool;
48.3;1;Langeveldt to Symonds, 1 run driven to long-off for a single this time, the force is there but not the timing;
48.2;4;Langeveldt to Symonds, FOUR runs That's a blitzer of a flat-batted shot. Symonds simpy gives himself room and launches a most brutal slap through extra-cover for a one-bounce six. When he hits them .. you know the rest;
48.1;1;Langeveldt to Watson, 1 run Fullish length and outside off, Watson moves across his stumps but can't sweep it past fine leg. Top edge flies to third man for a single.;
45.6;6;Ntini to Clarke, SIX runs Smack! Clarke walks across to the off side, goes on a bent knee and biffs a fullish delivery over long on. He gets in to the 90s.;
45.5;1;Ntini to Symonds, 1 run yorker on the middle stump line, driven down the ground, to long on;
45.4;1;Ntini to Clarke, 1 run rotates the strike with a drive to long off;
45.3;4;Ntini to Clarke, FOUR runs Clarke continues to flow. Another low full toss- the yorkers are going awry- and he slices it over point. Lovely use of the bottom-hand there.;
45.2;1;Ntini to Symonds, 1 run short in length, off the mark with a cut shot to cover point;
45.1;W;Ntini to Ponting, OUT Punter is gone. Caught at long on. Goes down on a bent knee and disposes a fullish delivery down the ground. de Villiers didn't have to move an inch and takes it. Ponting exits and enter another big-hitter Andrew Symonds. Roy is in. No breathing space for SA.;Ricky Ponting c de Villiers b Ntini 91 (136m 91b 8x4 2x6) SR: 100;
44.6;6;Kallis to Clarke, SIX runs Full-tosses galore. So does the sixes. Little Pup goes mad. Drills this one over long-on.;
44.5;1;Kallis to Ponting, 1 run shimmy down the track and slaps a full toss to deep midwicket;
44.4;?;Kallis to Ponting, no run Yorker that whizzes past the off stump. Ponting tries to jab it but can't get a touch;
44.3;1;Kallis to Clarke, 1 run Deja-vu.;
44.2;1;Kallis to Ponting, 1 run another full toss, another drive to long off. Previously they were peppering the long on, now to the other side;
44.1;1;Kallis to Clarke, 1 run low full toss, on the off stump line, driven to long off;
47.6;1;Hall to Watson, 1 run Low full toss outside off, slashed away to the sweeper fielder for a single.;
47.5;1;Hall to Symonds, 1 run Good yorker length ball again. Symonds makes room and walks down the track but can't get it on the meat of the bat. Thick under edge goes to long-on for a single;
47.4;1;Hall to Watson, 1 run Driven forcefully to long-off for a single;
47.3;1;Hall to Symonds, 1 run yorker length from Hall. Symonds hits it onto his pads and scurries a single.;
47.2;W;Hall to Hussey, OUT Holed out. Half-volley on off stump and Hussey tries to loft it over extra cover. Kallis makes good ground and takes a good catch while moving back. Hussey can't manage to clear the short boundary and South Africa limiting the damage here.;Michael Hussey c Kallis b Hall 5 (5m 3b 1x4 0x6) SR: 166.66;
47.1;4;Hall to Hussey, FOUR runs Like now. Hussey gives himself room, an attempted yorker is turned into a full-toss and slashed away behind point for a four. Time for a rampage;
46.6;1;Langeveldt to Hussey, 1 run well outside the off stump, driven to deep cover;
46.5;1;Langeveldt to Symonds, 1 run on the off stump line, dabbed down to third man;
46.4;W;Langeveldt to Symonds, OUT Clarke is tragically run out, short of his century. He got to a three-figure mark , last in 2004-05 against Pakistan. The wait is not over yet. Symonds drives a full-pitched delivery to midwicket and stays rooted to the crease. Clarke runs down to the middle of the pitch and turns back. Too late. But what a fabulous knock it has been. Entertaining.;Michael Clarke run out (Pollock/Langeveldt) 92 (103m 75b 7x4 4x6) SR: 122.66;
46.3;4;Langeveldt to Symonds, FOUR runs He walks imperiously down the tack and slices a full-toss through backward point.;
46.2;1;Langeveldt to Clarke, 1 run short in length, outside off stump, slapped to long on;
46.1;1;Langeveldt to Symonds, 1 run Comes down the track and heaves a full-length delivery to long off.;
43.6;?;Ntini to Ponting, no run outside off stump, on a length, Ponting mis-times a drive, back to the bowler;
43.5;4;Ntini to Ponting, FOUR runs The slog started right at the start. It has just escalated in aggression now at the death overs. Full and on the off stump line, down came the flashing blade of Ponting and the ball thuds into the advertising hoardings at wide long on.;
43.4;1;Ntini to Clarke, 1 run Similar ball, similar stroke.;
43.3;1;Ntini to Ponting, 1 run full and on the off stump line, drilled down the ground, to long on;
43.2;1;Ntini to Clarke, 1 run Full and straight, on the off stump line, Clarke flashes it down the ground, to left of Prince at long-off who makes a good stop. It dropped awkwardly in front of him, not close to go for the catch, not far to step back and stop.;
43.1;?;Ntini to Clarke, no run Swing and a miss. Short in length, outside off stump, and Clarke has one almighty swing. No luck.;
42.6;1;Kallis to Clarke, 1 run fullish, on the off stump line, swiped across the line but a good diving stop at midwicket and he will get a single;
42.5;1;Kallis to Ponting, 1 run Drama! Ponting loses his bat but still rushes across for the single. He charged down the track , Kallis hurls a yorker-length delivery and Ponting tried to heave it across. The bat slipped out the hand, flew to the on side,, the ball rolled towards off side and they took the single. Frenetic start and a furious ending.;
42.4;1;Kallis to Clarke, 1 run smashes down the ground this time but will get only a single.;
42.3;4;Kallis to Clarke, FOUR runs Brutal! Low full toss, outside off stump and Clarke slashes it to deep point.;
42.2;1;Kallis to Ponting, 1 run;
42.1;?;Kallis to Ponting, no run Whoa! This is the first dot ball in 15 deliveries. on the off stump line, driven to cover;
41.6;1;Hall to Ponting, 1 run charges out, Hall pushes it full and low, outside off stump, driven to sweeper cover;
41.5;1;Hall to Clarke, 1 run;
41.4;1;Hall to Ponting, 1 run driven to the extra cover region for a single.;
41.3;1;Hall to Clarke, 1 run Clarke is walking all over the crease. he walks towards off, then to leg and crashes a fullish delivery to long on. 300 up.;
41.2;1;Hall to Ponting, 1 run full, straight and a whack. One bounce to long off.;
41.1;1;Hall to Clarke, 1 run;
40.6;4;Kallis to Ponting, FOUR runs low- full toss, well outside off stump but Ponting is in a greedy mood. Takes out the bottom-hand, stretches out and drills it to deep point. This is a small boundary and the sweeper cover can't reach it;
40.5;1;Kallis to Clarke, 1 run;
40.4;1;Kallis to Ponting, 1 run fullish outside off, driven through the off side;
40.3;1;Kallis to Clarke, 1 run full-pitched outside off stump, driven to long-off;
40.2;1;Kallis to Ponting, 1 run low dipping full toss, on the off stump line , driven to long off;
40.1;1;Kallis to Clarke, 1 run Kallis returns with a delivery in the channel outside off stump, full in length, Clarke stretches out, pushes it to backward point;
39.6;1;Hall to Clarke, 1 run in-swinging delivery, on the middle stump line, driven to long on;
39.5;1;Hall to Ponting, 1 run Walks down the track, drives a fullish delivery to long off;
39.4;1;Hall to Clarke, 1 run;
39.3;?;Hall to Clarke, no run Gibbs drops a dolly. Again overpitched outside off stump, and Clarke slashes it hard but straight to Gibbs at point but .... Clarke has a smile. Wonder Whether Steve Waugh is watching this.;
39.2;1;Hall to Ponting, 1 run overpitched outside the off stump, carved to deep cover;
39.1;?;Hall to Ponting, no run full-pitched outside off stump, driven to cover;
38.6;1;Pollock to Ponting, 1 run full in length, driven to long-on.;
38.5;4;Pollock to Ponting, FOUR runs Leaks another boundary. Full-toss, down the leg side and Pollock flicks it fine. Very fine.;
38.4;1;Pollock to Clarke, 1 run fullish, driven to long on;
38.3;1;Pollock to Ponting, 1 run;
38.3;5w;Pollock to Ponting, 5 wide Pollock's nightmarish day continues. A wide down the leg side.;
38.2;1;Pollock to Clarke, 1 run slipping down the leg side, flicked to fine leg.;
38.1;1;Pollock to Ponting, 1 run fullish, on the middle stump line, turned to the on side;
37.6;1;Langeveldt to Ponting, 1 run from wide of the crease comes a delivery outside off stump, Ponting walks down the track , ala Hayden, and drives powerfully to long off;
37.5;1;Langeveldt to Clarke, 1 run similar delivery and Clarke drills it, along the ground, to long off;
37.4;1;Langeveldt to Ponting, 1 run Full, straight and that's enough for Ponting to think he can send it over long-off. Goes for a fierce drive, the bat-handle rotates and the ball heads towards long on;
37.3;1;Langeveldt to Clarke, 1 run slap-slog. Walks down the track and swipes a fullish delivery to long-on;
37.2;?;Langeveldt to Clarke, no run full in length, drives to cover;
37.1;?;Langeveldt to Clarke, no run On the off stump line, defended on the front foot;
36.6;2;Pollock to Ponting, 2 runs on the legs, swung away to long leg;
36.5;6;Pollock to Ponting, SIX runs second six of the over, 4th of Pollock, and this was nonchalantly done. Full in length, around off stump line and Pollock leant forward and chipped it on the up. I thought it would go over mid-off but it just kept sailing. Fab stroke and SA continue to leak runs.;
36.4;1;Pollock to Clarke, 1 run;
36.3;6;Pollock to Clarke, SIX runs he smoked that. Fifty up in spectacular fashion. He moves to the leg side and heaves a slower one, inside-out over long-off. It went flat, fast and over the ropes. Another stunning hit on this feather-bed of a pitch. Barry Richards, on air, murmurs about the long batting line-up of South Africa. Hopefully, we shall have a interesting game.;
36.2;?;Pollock to Clarke, no run;
36.1;1;Pollock to Ponting, 1 run on the legs, flicked away behind square-leg;
35.6;?;Langeveldt to Clarke, no run full-pitched, driven to cover;
35.5;4;Langeveldt to Clarke, FOUR runs Carved away. Again he backs away, this one is hurled full and just outside off, Clarke stretches towards it and slices it past backward point. SA are in some leather hunt here.;
35.4;4;Langeveldt to Clarke, FOUR runs Thwack! Another slog. Clarke takes a step or two to the leg side and clubs a shortish delivery to wide long on;
35.3;2;Langeveldt to Clarke, 2 runs short in length, on the middle and leg stump line, Clarke shuffles across and laps it behind square-leg.;
35.2;?;Langeveldt to Clarke, no run banged in short, Clarke backs away, tries to upper cut but is beaten by the extra bounce;
35.1;1;Langeveldt to Ponting, 1 run length-delivery around off stump, driven on the up, to sweeper cover;
34.6;1;Ntini to Ponting, 1 run low full toss, on the middle peg, driven to long on;
34.5;4;Ntini to Ponting, FOUR runs They are licking the attack. Another charge down the track, another swing of the bat and the ball is deposited to long off boundary.;
34.4;?;Ntini to Ponting, no run length-delivery on the off stump line, guided to right of point where Gibbs makes a diving stop.;
34.3;?;Ntini to Ponting, no run;
34.2;2;Ntini to Ponting, 2 runs short in length and he pulls it past square-leg;
34.1;4;Ntini to Ponting, FOUR runs Very tough chance for Hall at deep cover. It would have been a great catch. Ponting charged down the track and hit on the up over off side. Ended up skying it to right of the sweeper cover where Hall rushes across and pulls out a dive. The ball eludes him. Only just.;
33.6;1;Kallis to Ponting, 1 run banged in short, around off stump and Ponting pulls to deep midwicket. He maintains a great balance while pulling. The best puller in the World. No.. don't send any naughty ones about whether he is a hooker also..;
33.5;1;Kallis to Clarke, 1 run on the middle and leg stump line, Clarke turns it to left of short fine leg for a single.;
33.4;1;Kallis to Ponting, 1 run on the off stump line, Ponting hands the strike back to the rampaging Clarke with a dab to the off side;
33.3;1;Kallis to Clarke, 1 run;
33.2;4;Kallis to Clarke, FOUR runs Sliced away. Fullish, on the off stump line, Clark backs away a touch and smokes it inside-out over cover.;
33.1;4;Kallis to Clarke, FOUR runs Slogged away. Off cutter on the middle stump line and Clarke slogs it through midwicket. It was in the air and de Villiers dives but again it eludes him.;
32.6;1;Ntini to Clarke, 1 run on the middle and leg stump, lapped around the corner;
32.5;?;Ntini to Clarke, no run Clarke is getting itchy. He backs away to the leg side, exposing the stumps, and Ntini loves indecent exposure. Homes in on the middle peg and Clarke cuts it to cover;
32.4;?;Ntini to Clarke, no run short in length, on the middle stump line, Clarke gets behind the line, defends to the on side.;
32.3;1;Ntini to Ponting, 1 run strays on to the legs and Ponting flicks it past square-leg;
32.2;?;Ntini to Ponting, no run on the middle and leg stump line, it stops on Ponting a touch and he adjusts and pushes it out to midwicket;
32.1;?;Ntini to Ponting, no run Ntini is back. From wide of the crease, on the middle stump line, pushed down the track.;
31.6;?;Kallis to Clarke, no run;
31.5;6;Kallis to Clarke, SIX runs big hit. Clarke charges down the track and lofts a slower one over long off. The floodgates are again opening. More violence coming up.;
31.4;4;Kallis to Clarke, FOUR runs overpitched outside off stump and Clarke creams it inside-out through cover. He has had enough of those singles down to long on;
31.3;?;Kallis to Clarke, no run full and straight on the middle stump line, driven to long on;
31.2;?;Kallis to Clarke, no run almost a mix-up. Clark mistimes a drive towards midwicket, de Villiers rushes in, Ponting is almost in the middle of track but retreats in time;
31.1;1;Kallis to Ponting, 1 run full in length, on the off stump line, pushed through the line and guess where? Yep .... to long on;
30.6;?;Pollock to Clarke, no run;
30.5;?;Pollock to Clarke, no run;
30.4;?;Pollock to Clarke, no run Clarke backs away, Pollock hits the deck short of length, and at the body, Clarke pulls but straight to de Villiers at midwicket who fires in a throw at the non-striker's end. Misses.;
30.3;?;Pollock to Clarke, no run;
30.2;1;Pollock to Ponting, 1 run edged to third man boundary. Short in length, outside off stump, Ponting goes for a pull, gets a bottom-edge, through the vacant slip region. Pollock looks as if he has been mugged.;
30.1;1;Pollock to Clarke, 1 run full in length and another single down to long on. Can we pick some other spot please?!;
29.6;1;Kallis to Clarke, 1 run off cutter, full in length, driven down to long on;
29.5;?;Kallis to Clarke, no run leans forward, pushes a length-delivery back to the bowler;
29.4;1;Kallis to Ponting, 1 run;
29.3;4lb;Kallis to Ponting, 4 leg byes Ouch. Ponting is hit on the helmet. Hall stuns him with a surprise bouncer and Ponting, on the front foot, is beaten by the pace as he shapes to hook. The ball thuds into the protective gear and runs down to fine leg boundary;
29.2;1;Kallis to Clarke, 1 run moves forward, drives to long on;
29.1;1;Kallis to Ponting, 1 run another half-chance missed. Ponting pushes a length-delivery to left of Prince at cover and they set off for a run. Had the throw been accurate, Clarke would have been a goner.;
28.6;1;Pollock to Ponting, 1 run off cutter on the middle stump line, Ponting works it to right of midwicket;
28.5;1;Pollock to Clarke, 1 run Another single down to long-on. Both the batsmen are looking to get forward and either punch or drive through the line.;
28.4;?;Pollock to Clarke, no run;
28.3;?;Pollock to Clarke, no run;
28.2;2;Pollock to Clarke, 2 runs almost a catch at short midwicket. Clarke is bit too early into his push-drive and it flies to the left of short midwicket where de Villiers hurls himself full length but can't reach it. It brushed the finger-tips and runs down to long on. It was a valiant effort. It would be harsh to call it as a dropped chance.;
28.1;?;Pollock to Clarke, no run short in length, outside off stump, cut to point. Not well timed as Clarke went too hard at it.;
27.6;1;Kallis to Clarke, 1 run lands outside off stump, breaks in a touch, Clarke eases forward, drives on the up, to long-on.;
27.5;1;Kallis to Ponting, 1 run Full and outside off, slashed away to third man where Pollock produces a neat sliding stop.;
27.4;?;Kallis to Ponting, no run;
27.3;4;Kallis to Ponting, FOUR runs wonderfully placed. Off-cutter on the off and middle stump line, Ponting moves forward and chips it over midwicket. Ala Carl Hooper.;
27.2;1;Kallis to Clarke, 1 run shuffles across, nudges a length-delivery to square-leg;
27.1;?;Kallis to Clarke, no run short and outside off stump, Clarke wants to cut but only knives thin air;
26.6;1;Pollock to Clarke, 1 run;
26.5;1;Pollock to Ponting, 1 run off cutter on the off stump line, punched on the up, through cover;
26.4;?;Pollock to Ponting, no run lands on the off stump line, moves in and Ponting is rapped on the pad as he pushes forward in defense;
26.4;2w;Pollock to Clarke, 2 wide drifting on to the pads, Clarke tries to flick, misses. So does Boucher. Wide called.;
26.3;?;Pollock to Clarke, no run on the middle stump line, on a length, worked to short midwicket;
26.2;1;Pollock to Ponting, 1 run off-cutter - a slew of offcutters are being employed, pushed to midwicket;
26.1;?;Pollock to Ponting, no run on the off stump line, pushed to cover;
25.6;?;Kallis to Clarke, no run on the middle stump line, worked to midwicket;
25.5;?;Kallis to Clarke, no run slower one, 112.7 kmph, on the off stump line, driven to cover;
25.4;1;Kallis to Ponting, 1 run on the middle stump line and Ponting lunges forward in his characteristic fashion and drives to long-on;
25.3;?;Kallis to Ponting, no run on the off stump line, on a length, pushed to cover;
25.2;1;Kallis to Clarke, 1 run off-cutter outside off stump, Clarke leans forward, pushes it towards cover point and they rush across for another single. Gibbs has a shy, misses but Clarke has just made it;
25.1;1;Kallis to Ponting, 1 run full-pitched, driven to long-on;
24.6;1;Smith to Ponting, 1 run again short. Smith is expecting that Ponting would be charging down the track I guess.. but Ponting just stands there and pulls it;
24.5;1;Smith to Clarke, 1 run shuffles across, nudges one through square-leg;
24.4;1;Smith to Ponting, 1 run again short in length, Ponting moves forward and pulls it to deep square-leg;
24.3;1;Smith to Clarke, 1 run Almost a run out. On the middle stump line, Clarke gets into a tangle by pushing his left leg across and then laps it around the corner to short fine leg. There is a throw at the non-striker's end but Clarke makes it in time;
24.2;1;Smith to Ponting, 1 run short in length, Ponting waits on it and pulls it away to deep square-leg;
24.1;1;Smith to Clarke, 1 run slow through the line, Clarke steps down the track and check his stroke and pushes it to long-on;
23.6;1;Kallis to Clarke, 1 run Slower ball from Kallis and Clarke whips it wide of mid-on and charges through a single;
23.5;?;Kallis to Clarke, no run Full and outside off, defended back to the bowler;
23.4;?;Kallis to Clarke, no run Bouncer to start with. Good morning Mr Clarke. Struck on the glove and loops up to the off side.;
23.3;W;Kallis to Hayden, OUT Over. Extra bounce from Kallis and Hayden goes for the cut. On the back foot and punching away but can't keep it down. Can't get it above Gibbs at point, who snaffles a straightforward chance and jumps up in glee. A tame end to a violent innings. But what a knock! Mat the Bat at his devastating best;Matthew Hayden c Gibbs b Kallis 101 (107m 68b 14x4 4x6) SR: 148.52;
23.2;1;Kallis to Ponting, 1 run Full and outside off again, Ponting on his front foot and chipped the ball through mid-on for a single. It was a catch if there was mid-on. If ...;
23.1;?;Kallis to Ponting, no run Full outside off, Ponting pats it to the off side;
22.6;1;Smith to Ponting, 1 run Turned away to midwicket for a single;
22.5;?;Smith to Ponting, no run Flighted on middle, turns a bit. Ponting gets a thick outside edge and the ball trickles away to the off side;
22.4;?;Smith to Ponting, no run defended to the leg side. He seems to be lining up a big one;
22.3;1;Smith to Hayden, 1 run turned away to square leg;
22.2;6;Smith to Hayden, SIX runs Down the track and wallops it way over the bowler for a six. Hundred in 66 deliveries. The fastest World Cup hundred. Beating John Davison's record. Brings is up in brutal style;
22.1;?;Smith to Hayden, no run Slightly flighted outside off and Hayden plays it back;
21.6;?;Hall to Ponting, no run Good end to the over. Short of a length and outside off, Ponting taps it straight to point and doesn't think of a run. Maybe he needs to get to know how it feels to play out dots as well;
21.5;?;Hall to Ponting, no run Patted back to mid-on. Hall more controlled in this over. Nothing wayward yet. A quiet five deliveries;
21.4;?;Hall to Ponting, no run Driven to mid-on. Cramped for room again;
21.3;1;Hall to Hayden, 1 run Slightly straighter, slipping down leg and short. Hayden simply whips it away off his pads for a single;
21.2;1;Hall to Ponting, 1 run Short and some more tennis-ball bounce that time. Ponting is too early on the pull and the ball balloons away to short third man for a single. It's a dangerous ploy bowling short to Ponting. He plays that shot better than anyone else;
21.1;?;Hall to Ponting, no run Good length and outside off, Ponting walks across but is cramped for room, jams his bat down and plays it to mid-on;
20.6;1;Langeveldt to Ponting, 1 run Short and some spongy bounce there. Ponting pulls it away for a single. The fifty partnership is up in 38 deliveries. Australia in line for a big one here. Maybe a huge one;
20.5;?;Langeveldt to Ponting, no run Back of a length again and outside off, Ponting gets the width to cut but can't time it right. Straight to point.;
20.4;1;Langeveldt to Hayden, 1 run Cut away fiercely for a single. South Africa have a cover at deep point. They probably need cover everywhere.;
20.4;1w;Langeveldt to Hayden, 1 wide speared down leg side, Hayden goes for the flick but can't make contact. Wide called. There have been just three extras in the innings so far, no time in between the fours and sixes it seems;
20.3;1;Langeveldt to Ponting, 1 run good bounce from Langeveldt, rising after pitching outside off, Ponting glides it to third man for a single;
20.2;1;Langeveldt to Hayden, 1 run cut away for a single to the sweeper;
20.1;?;Langeveldt to Hayden, no run Back of a length just outside off, Hayden pats it back to the bowler. Ponting has just beaten Sourav Ganguly's record for the most World Cup sixes. He has 26 at the moment;
19.6;?;Hall to Ponting, no run;
19.5;4;Hall to Ponting, FOUR runs It's raining sixes and fours here. South Africans are not enjoying the downpour. Ponting leans forward and lofts a fullish delivery over the bowler's head;
19.4;?;Hall to Ponting, no run;
19.3;6;Hall to Ponting, SIX runs Clatter! Ponting joins in the carnage. Full-pitched, on the middle stump line and Ponting swings it over wide long-on. It lands on the roof.;
19.2;?;Hall to Ponting, no run pitches on a length, around the off stump line, cut to point;
19.1;1;Hall to Hayden, 1 run on the middle stump line, worked to midwicket for a single. 91 off 60. Davison holds the fastest WC ton. 100 in 67 balls.;
18.6;4;Langeveldt to Ponting, FOUR runs bit of rubbish down the legside and Ponting clears the bin with a flick of the wrists.;
18.5;?;Langeveldt to Ponting, no run fuller, on the leg and middle stump line, Ponting shapes to drive through the line, misses and the ball thuds into the pad. Going down leg side.;
18.4;?;Langeveldt to Ponting, no run length-delivery on the off stump line and Ponting lunges forward, pushes it to cover;
18.4;1w;Langeveldt to Ponting, 1 wide swing and a miss. Down the leg side and Ponting tries to play a pick-up shot.;
18.3;1;Langeveldt to Hayden, 1 run;
18.2;4;Langeveldt to Hayden, FOUR runs On a length but outside the off stump and Hayden latches on the width and cuts it to deep point;
18.1;1;Langeveldt to Ponting, 1 run easy single with a drive to mid-on;
18.1;1nb;Langeveldt to Ponting, (no ball) overpitched on the middle stump line, driven to the bowler;
17.6;?;Hall to Hayden, no run on the hips, pushed to midwicket. He must have got bored of hitting boundaries.;
17.5;4;Hall to Hayden, FOUR runs from round the stumps, comes a dolly down the leg side. All Hayden needed to do was to get a tickle and he does it.;
17.4;1;Hall to Ponting, 1 run full and on the middle stump line, Ponting eases forward, flicks it behind square-leg;
17.3;?;Hall to Ponting, no run lands outside off stump, cuts back in a touch, Ponting lunges forward, pushes it on the up, to cover;
17.2;?;Hall to Ponting, no run on the off stump line, pushed towards mid-off;
17.1;?;Hall to Ponting, no run length-delivery on the middle stump line, pushed back to the bowler;
16.6;4;Langeveldt to Hayden, FOUR runs slips down the leg side and Hayden swivels to pull, ends up lapping it around the corner;
16.5;4;Langeveldt to Hayden, FOUR runs There he goes again. Another length-delivery on the off stump line and Hayden decides this one has to. So goes through his routine: leans forward and hits through the line, up and over mid-on.;
16.4;?;Langeveldt to Hayden, no run lands on a length, on the off and middle stump line, Hayden gets behind the line, pushes it to the off side;
16.3;?;Langeveldt to Hayden, no run;
16.2;4;Langeveldt to Hayden, FOUR runs full in length, outside off stump and thumped over cover. he is making it look real easy out there. Lean forward, move towards the ball and just knive through the line.;
16.1;?;Langeveldt to Hayden, no run;
15.6;?;Hall to Ponting, no run fuller, on the middle stump line, worked to midwicket;
15.5;?;Hall to Ponting, no run length-delivery on the middle stump line, punched towards midon but de Villiers intercepts from midwicket with a full-lenght dive;
15.4;?;Hall to Ponting, no run on the middle stump line, Ponting leans forward and defends;
15.3;?;Hall to Ponting, no run;
15.2;1;Hall to Hayden, 1 run on the middle and leg, on a length, worked to mid-on;
15.1;4;Hall to Hayden, FOUR runs Full in length, Hayden leans forward and crashes it through extra cover.;
14.6;?;Langeveldt to Ponting, no run full in length, on the off and middle stump line, Ponting hops back, turns it towards midwicket;
14.5;W;Langeveldt to Gilchrist, OUT Soft dismissal. South Africa heave a sigh of relief. A slower one on the off stump line and Gilchrist is done in by the change in pace. He shapes to cut but the ball stops on him and he sends a dolly to Gibbs at backward point. What a frenetic start it has been. It was all on a fast-forward motion. No pause or stop button in sight. Until this happenned.;Adam Gilchrist c Gibbs b Langeveldt 42 (65m 42b 6x4 1x6) SR: 100;
14.4;?;Langeveldt to Gilchrist, no run fuller and outside off stump, Gilchrist has a swipe across the line and the ball rolls towards mid-on;
14.3;?;Langeveldt to Gilchrist, no run on the middle stump line, nudged to midwicket;
14.2;?;Langeveldt to Gilchrist, no run around the off stump, slides on with the arm, Gilchrist shapes to cut but it is too close to the off stump and he gets an inside-edge and it rolls over, dangerously, close to the off stump.;
14.1;4;Langeveldt to Gilchrist, FOUR runs goes for a yorker, but it ends up a swinging half-volley on the legs, Gilchrist is quick to latch on to it and clips it through midwicket. Good intent but the execution goes wrong;
13.6;?;Hall to Hayden, no run full and on the off and middle stump line, coming in with the angle and not much room to work with, drives back to the bowler.;
13.5;?;Hall to Hayden, no run;
13.4;?;Hall to Hayden, no run beaten. Pre-determined heave across the line as Hayden goes for the jugular. Slanting in from round the stumps and he tries to swing it across the line and the ball teases the off stump.;
13.3;6;Hall to Hayden, SIX runs Clubbed away. A flat six over long-off. 100 is up. This man is in some mood. Full-pitched on the off stump line, Hayden takes his front leg out of the line and biffs it flat, fast and over mid-off. It ends up screaming over long-off as well.;
13.2;4;Hall to Hayden, FOUR runs strays on to the pads, Hayden leans forward, clips it to fine-leg. Easy pickings.;
13.1;?;Hall to Hayden, no run There comes the adrenalin rush. Hayden backs away, exposing the stumps, Hall homes in on the middle stump with a near-yorker, jabbed to cover point;
12.6;1;Langeveldt to Hayden, 1 run close to the off stump, not much room for Hayden to cut, so ... he opens the face of the blade and runs it down to third man.;
12.5;1;Langeveldt to Gilchrist, 1 run on the hips, from a length, Gilchrist short-arm jabs it, in the air, but it falls short of Prince at deep backward square-leg;
12.4;?;Langeveldt to Gilchrist, no run full in length, lands on the off stump line, skids on, Gilchrist's bat comes down in an angle and gets a inside-edge on to the pad;
12.3;?;Langeveldt to Gilchrist, no run short in length, doesn't bounce as much as Gilly expected and his attempted pull shot is not profitable. The ball rushes past the inside-edge and to Boucher.;
12.2;?;Langeveldt to Gilchrist, no run full in length,, on the off stump line, Gilchrist leans forward, drives, with the full face of the bat, to mid-off;
12.1;1;Langeveldt to Hayden, 1 run;
11.6;1;Hall to Hayden, 1 run on the middle stump line, driven to mid-on.;
11.5;?;Hall to Hayden, no run beaten. That's a surprise. Floats a swinger outside off stump, full in length, Hayden has a nibble and is beaten.;
11.4;4;Hall to Hayden, FOUR runs brings up his fifty. In style. Outside off stump, on a length, and Hayden knives through the line, on the up, and through widish mid-off.;
11.3;?;Hall to Hayden, no run change of pace. Slow off cutter, on the middle stump line, worked to midwicket.;
11.2;?;Hall to Hayden, no run lands on a length, skids on, defended on the front foot;
11.1;?;Hall to Hayden, no run back of length and it skids on to the middle peg, pushed to the off side.;
10.6;6;Langeveldt to Gilchrist, SIX runs This one has disappeared over long-leg. Full in length, on the leg and middle and Gilchrist swings it across, like Jayasuriya, and it lands amidst the crowd.;
10.5;?;Langeveldt to Gilchrist, no run attempts a yorker, ends up as a low full-toss and Gilchrist drives straight - again he is going a bit too hard in his drives and the bat-handle keeps turning- back to the bowler who kicks it away.;
10.4;?;Langeveldt to Gilchrist, no run;
10.3;?;Langeveldt to Gilchrist, no run fuller this time, outside off and stabbed away to cover point;
10.2;?;Langeveldt to Gilchrist, no run slightly short in length and Gilchrist shapes to pull. Not the length and the ball drops in front of him as he is unable to make proper contact;
10.1;1;Langeveldt to Hayden, 1 run tip and run. Length-delivery on the off stump line and Hayden plays with soft hands - yeah he is capable of that, don't look surprised, drops it in front of him and off they go in a flash for a run;
9.6;?;Ntini to Gilchrist, no run another one angling away from Gilchrist, cut to backward point;
9.5;1;Ntini to Hayden, 1 run on the off stump line, run down to third man region;
9.4;?;Ntini to Hayden, no run around the off stump, turned to point;
9.3;4;Ntini to Hayden, FOUR runs Whack! Length-delivery on the off stump line has been crashed through the gap between the bowler and mid-off. Almost took out Gilchrist.;
9.2;4;Ntini to Hayden, FOUR runs Very small boundaries here and Australia are cashing in. Full in length, on the middle stump line and Hayden shapes to loft it over the bowler's head, again the bat-handle rotates, and the inside-edge takes it to square-leg boundary. Hmm...;
9.1;1;Ntini to Gilchrist, 1 run pitches outside leg stump, moves towards off stump, Gilchrist wants to drive through the line - this is a perfect pitch for those strokes- but he goes hard at it, the bat-handle rotates and the ball rolls over to the leg side;
8.6;1;Pollock to Gilchrist, 1 run Full in length, on the middle and leg stump line and Gilchrist goes for a pull. Not the length for it but he still swings his bat across and sends it to Prince at deep square-leg;
8.5;1;Pollock to Hayden, 1 run on the middle stump line, pushed again to Hall and another single.;
8.4;1;Pollock to Gilchrist, 1 run 127.2 kmph, on the off stump line, pushed to mid-off and Hall is standing deep there and the batsmen rush across for a quick single;
8.3;?;Pollock to Gilchrist, no run Third dot ball in a row. On the middle stump, on a length, punched back to Pollock.;
8.2;?;Pollock to Gilchrist, no run Overpitched outside off stump, Gilchrist's eyes lit up - Did I see it? No.. poetic licence.. - and crashes it through the off side but sends it straight to cover.;
8.1;?;Pollock to Gilchrist, no run on the middle stump line, pushed back to Pollock.;
7.6;?;Ntini to Hayden, no run length-delivery, around off stump, played towards point;
7.5;?;Ntini to Hayden, no run full and on the legs, driven straight to mid-on and Hayden is disappointed with himself for wasting that half-volley;
7.4;?;Ntini to Hayden, no run again full and moving through the corridor outside off, Hayden is sitting in the bedroom and watches it sail past him;
7.3;?;Ntini to Hayden, no run full in length, on the middle stump line, pushed back to Ntini.;
7.2;?;Ntini to Hayden, no run in the channel outside off stump, not much room for Hayden to work with, dabbed to point;
7.1;1;Ntini to Gilchrist, 1 run full-pitched on the off stump line, driven to mid-on;
6.6;?;Pollock to Hayden, no run full in length, straightens, on the off stump line, pushed back to the bowler;
6.5;?;Pollock to Hayden, no run length-delivery on the off stump line, pushed to cover;
6.4;4;Pollock to Hayden, FOUR runs fuller and outside off stump, Hayden leans forward and square-drives. Not much of a follow-through but some timing there. And a good bat of course.;
6.3;?;Pollock to Hayden, no run full in length, driven to bowler;
6.2;2;Pollock to Hayden, 2 runs full in length, just outside off stump and Hayden leans back, opens the bat-face and runs it down, delectably, to third man region.;
6.1;?;Pollock to Hayden, no run lands on a length, on the off stump line, goes on straight, cut down to point;
5.6;4;Ntini to Gilchrist, FOUR runs Flies past the diving Prince at cover. Full and outside off stump and it veers further away. Gilchrist stretches out and slashes it , in the air, past cover. Prince goes airbourne but can't grab the cherry. What a frenetic start!;
5.5;1;Ntini to Hayden, 1 run back of length, on the middle and off stump line, Hayden dabs it to midwicket for a single.;
5.4;?;Ntini to Hayden, no run fuller, on the off stump line and Hayden drives powerfully but straight to mid-off.;
5.3;?;Ntini to Hayden, no run on the off and middle stump line, Hayden shapes to cut, cramped for room, pushes it to point;
5.2;2;Ntini to Hayden, 2 runs lands outside leg stump, moves in towards leg and middle, Hayden clips it off the hips, through midwicket.;
5.1;?;Ntini to Hayden, no run lands on the leg stump line, angles past the off stump with the usual Ntini angle. Hayden leaves it alone. Hayden is on 27 from 12 balls.;
4.6;?;Pollock to Gilchrist, no run lands on a length, on the off stump line, Gilchirst goes back, opens the bat-face, pushes it to Gibbs at point. Hayden will be on strike.;
4.5;1;Pollock to Hayden, 1 run It's not all violence. A cute cut shot brings up the fifty. In under 5 overs. Length-delivery on the off stump line, cut to third man region.;
4.4;6;Pollock to Hayden, SIX runs He can only watch as this one sails over long-on. This is a great batting track. Off-cutter on the off stump line and Hayden leans forward and whacks it through the line. Up.... up and over. Smith goes into a huddle with Pollock. Two sixes in a row. What can he do? Importantly what will Pollock do now?;
4.3;6;Pollock to Hayden, SIX runs Boom! Boom! A shimmy down the track and he imposes himself: Swings it over the cow corner. Australia are on zooming here.;
4.2;?;Pollock to Hayden, no run length-delivery, pushed across Hayden who watches it sail into Boucher's gloves;
4.1;4;Pollock to Hayden, FOUR runs Short and wide and you know that one ended up. Fierce cut. Blink. The ball is being picked up from the point boundary.;
3.6;?;Ntini to Gilchrist, no run a dot ball! whoa! Landed just outside leg stump, shaped in towards off stump, Gilchrist drives, the bat-face shuts and the ball goes on to the pad and bounds off it.. down the track.;
3.5;?;Ntini to Gilchrist, no run drags back the length, on the middle and off stump line, Gilchrist goes back, pushes it out towards mid-off;
3.4;4;Ntini to Gilchrist, FOUR runs Look at the flashing blade! Another one in the slot and Gilchirst leans forward, awesome balance and whacks it through covers. Gilchrist is having a party out there.;
3.3;4;Ntini to Gilchrist, FOUR runs Splat! Another one on a length and outside off, Gilchrist leans forward, drives through the line and through the cover region. Fab stroke.;
3.2;1;Ntini to Hayden, 1 run Hayden is standing inside the crease. Occasionally, to impose himself on the bowlers and also depending on the track, he stands outside. Not today. leans forward to drive to right of mid-off;
3.1;?;Ntini to Hayden, no run another one full in length, in the slot, outside off stump, Hayden drives but straight to mid-off;
2.6;4;Pollock to Gilchrist, FOUR runs Classy cover drive. Full-pitched on the off stump line - no movement whatsover on this batting paradise- and Gilchrist eases forward to smoke it through covers.;
2.5;?;Pollock to Gilchrist, no run;
2.4;2;Pollock to Gilchrist, 2 runs Now Gilchrist joins in the party. Slightly short in length, outside off and Gilchrist cuts, to the ground, and Gibbs dives to get some touch on it.;
2.3;1;Pollock to Hayden, 1 run on the middle stump line, punched down the track, it hits the sticks on the other side, richochets towards mid-on and they rush across for a quick single;
2.2;4;Pollock to Hayden, FOUR runs Another four. Australia are off to a flier. On the middle and leg, on a length but Hayden just knives through the line past mid-on. Lovely punch at the point of impact and that imparts velocity;
2.1;?;Pollock to Hayden, no run;
1.6;2;Ntini to Gilchrist, 2 runs Ntini is yet to settle down. Again on the legs and Gilchrist flicks it away past square-leg and again Pollock has to run around again. He is not going to be impressed with that. The poor fellow has to bowl.;
1.5;?;Ntini to Gilchrist, no run rushed through the channel outside off stump, left alone;
1.4;2;Ntini to Gilchrist, 2 runs full and straight, on the middle and leg, Gilchrist comes into the line, whips it past square-leg and by the time Pollock gets across from deep backward square-leg, they will run two.;
1.3;?;Ntini to Gilchrist, no run on a length, around middle and off stump line, pushed to the off side.;
1.2;4;Ntini to Gilchrist, FOUR runs Overpitches it on the legs and Gilchrist jumps on to it. Stays where he is -doesn't get the front foot across and on-drives it past mid-on;
1.1;?;Ntini to Gilchrist, no run Full in length, angling away from Gilchrist who square-drives and it goes to right of point.;
0.6;4;Pollock to Hayden, FOUR runs Classy straight drive. Full-pitched on the off and middle stump line, Hayden leant forward and punched through the line, past the bowler.;
0.5;1;Pollock to Gilchrist, 1 run similar delivery, Gilchrist pushes it to right of mid-off and the first runs are on the board.;
0.4;?;Pollock to Gilchrist, no run Nope. Goes on with the angle, but much closer to the off stump and Gilchrist moves into the line and drives to mid-off;
0.3;?;Pollock to Gilchrist, no run Almost sucked into a slash-drive this time. Again a touch wider, Gilchrist went back and across, shaped for a drive but pulled out at the last minute. Will the next ball bend back in?;
0.2;?;Pollock to Gilchrist, no run And again. A touch wider with a bit of bounce. Gilchrist moves back and across and gets into the position for a cut but resists;
0.1;?;Pollock to Gilchrist, no run In the Pollock channel: outside off stump and slides away, left alone. Two slips in place.;

Hi there. Welcome to the biggest game in the tournament so far. Australia v South Africa. The No. 2 team in the world v No.1. It's a mouth-watering prospect and in Ricky Ponting's words, "it doesn't get much bigger." Recent form suggests there's little to choose between the two teams, with each winning five of the last ten.
I am Sriram Veera and I shall be bringing you all the live action today.
Pitch report: Pretty dry and there are a few cracks on the surface but there is little bit of grass cover. So it should hold up nicely and is likely to be full of runs. The straight boundaries are pretty short. Experts reckon that we might see 300+ scores.
Toss Smith chooses to field.
Team changes Andrew Symonds comes in for Brad Hodge.
Graeme Smith had commented on the Symonds issue. "It's going to be risky, he hasn't played much for a while now. He's going into a game with a lot of unknowns about him and he's going to be carrying a lot of responsibility. We're prepared for it and we'll take it as it comes.
"I think he [Symonds] realises there is going to be a lot of pressure on everybody going into tomorrow. He's a cricketer coming back into such a big game after a lay-off, and it will be a huge challenge for him. He's produced some terrific performances for Australia in all facets and he's a guy you've got to respect, but I guess under pressure you're going to see whether he's ready or not."
 Innings Start
The Australian players go into a huddle. Hands over each other's shoulder. They really wanted this one in the bag. Slowly.... they break away and walk towards the pavilion.
Three events halted the frenetic run-chase: Watson's throw to run out de Villiers. Kallis walking in at no 3 and batting the way he did. Perhaps, Gibbs could have been promoted. And then Smith cramping up. And Australia started hussling the batsmen. Pressure was intense, the required rate started rocketing and one by one, the batsmen went down.
This is Sriram Veera, signing off. Till tomorrow, adios.
47.6;W;Bracken to Ntini, OUT Australia win by 83 runs. Yorker on the off stump line, Ntini tries to get his bat down but the ball beats the bat and the furniture is disturbed. HRG chimes in with a timely stat. Ponting becomes the most successful captain in ODI history. This is win no 108, besting Border's record.;Makhaya Ntini b Bracken 7 (11m 8b 1x4 0x6) SR: 87.5;
47.5;1;Bracken to Hall, 1 run in the zone outside off stump, run down to third man;
47.4;?;Bracken to Hall, no run yorker-length, on the middle and leg stump line, dug out, back to the bowler;
47.3;1;Bracken to Ntini, 1 run slower one. Ntini is beaten in the air but goes through with the stroke and shovels it through mid-off;
47.2;1;Bracken to Hall, 1 run leans forward and drives to long-off;
47.1;?;Bracken to Hall, no run full in length, outside off and it shapes away. Hall pushes at it, inside the line and is beaten;
46.6;1;McGrath to Hall, 1 run full and on the middle stump line, driven past the bowler;
46.5;1;McGrath to Ntini, 1 run full-pitched on the off stump line, biffed away to long-off;
46.4;1;McGrath to Hall, 1 run;
46.3;2;McGrath to Hall, 2 runs pushes it further outside off stump, sliced down to third man;
46.2;1;McGrath to Ntini, 1 run attempted yorker, on the middle stump line, driven to long-on.;
46.1;1;McGrath to Hall, 1 run yorker, swings in late, on the middle and leg stump line, jabbed away behind square-leg;
45.6;4;Bracken to Ntini, FOUR runs Hello?! Ntini creams that one. Fullish, outside off stump and drilled past the bowler and to the long-off boundary.;
45.5;?;Bracken to Ntini, no run on a length, around off and middle stump line, pushed to mid-off;
45.4;?;Bracken to Ntini, no run slower through the air, fuller, Ntini lunges forward, drives to mid-off;
45.3;?;Bracken to Ntini, no run length-delivery, angling away from Ntini who lets it go through. Gilchrist is standing up to the stumps;
45.2;W;Bracken to Langeveldt, OUT Bracken joins in the party. The slower one does the trick. Full in length, lands on the middle stump line, and breaks away towards the off stump. Langeveldt tries to run it down to third man, misses and the off stump is pegged back. Australia are just a wicket away from a big win.;Charl Langeveldt b Bracken 0 (8m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
45.1;1;Bracken to Hall, 1 run short in length, on the off stump line, slapped across the line, to deep midwicket;
44.6;?;Watson to Langeveldt, no run yorker, on the leg stump line, nudged to the off side;
44.5;?;Watson to Langeveldt, no run on the middle stump line, dabbed to short third man;
44.4;?;Watson to Langeveldt, no run 133k bouncer and Langeveldt sways away in a hurry.;
44.3;?;Watson to Langeveldt, no run;
44.2;?;Watson to Langeveldt, no run Full and straight, Langveldt has a slog, gets a inside-edge, lands adjacent to the left boot and then thuds into the shoe and bounds off to Ponting at point who takes it. They appeal for a catch. Bucknor is not sure, consults Benson. He is also not sure. They go upstairs and verdict is not out.;
44.1;W;Watson to Pollock, OUT Watto cleans up Pollock. Full, straight, on the leg stump line, Pollock has one almighty swing, bat meets air, ball meets leg stump. SA are fading away.;Shaun Pollock b Watson 7 (15m 7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
43.6;?;Hogg to Hall, no run turns in from outside off, nudged to the on side;
43.5;?;Hogg to Hall, no run in the channel outside off stump, Hall tries to drill it through the off side but makes no contact;
43.4;?;Hogg to Hall, no run Hogg teases Hall with a googly. Can't pick it and is beaten;
43.3;1;Hogg to Pollock, 1 run tossed up, on the off stump line, driven to long on;
43.3;1w;Hogg to Pollock, 1 wide googly down the leg side, doesn't turn in enough.;
43.2;?;Hogg to Pollock, no run;
43.1;W;Hogg to Kallis, OUT Kallis falls. Hogg claims another wicket. Charges down the track, Hogg drags back the length and he sends it straight down the throat of long-on. Kallis will be accused of slow-batting. He came in, the run rate slowed down, the required rate shot up like a thermometer, the pressure increased and the noose tightened.;Jacques Kallis c Clarke b Hogg 48 (114m 63b 5x4 0x6) SR: 76.19;
42.5;4;Tait to Pollock, FOUR runs released with a grunt. This one doesn't quite land into the blockhole, flicked through square-leg;
42.5;1;Tait to Kallis, 1 run another screaming yorker. Homing in on the foot. Kallis gets his feet out of the line, jabs it to the leg side and takes the single. Tait is bowling very well with the old ball.;
42.5;1nb;Tait to Kallis, (no ball) another yorker-length, on the leg stump line, Kallis gets his bat down and stabs it to the on side;
42.4;?;Tait to Kallis, no run 143.0 k, full and swinging in around off stump, Kallis goes on a bent knee, drives but not much power and Tait makes the stop;
42.3;?;Tait to Kallis, no run ouch. 140 k. Full in length, lands on the middle stump line, slides in to evade the slog from Kallis and thuds into the inner thigh. Kallis doubles up in pain.;
42.2;?;Tait to Kallis, no run 146.1 k, bouncer and Kallis shapes to pull but it's too quick for him.;
42.1;1;Tait to Pollock, 1 run full and straight, driven through the on side.;
41.6;2;Hogg to Kallis, 2 runs pushes tentatively at a loopy delivery on the middle stump line, gets an inside-edge that takes it past square-leg.;
41.5;1;Hogg to Pollock, 1 run conventional leg break, short in length and pulled away to deep square-leg;
41.4;?;Hogg to Pollock, no run googly and Pollock can't pick it.;
41.3;W;Hogg to Smith, OUT It's all over for Smith. He had to go for it. The run-rate was rocketing. Floated on the middle stump line and he went for a slog-sweep. Top-edges a dolly to Gilly. He had batted in a fiesty manner at the start of the innings but the cramps did him in.;Graeme Smith c ?Gilchrist b Hogg 74 (128m 69b 9x4 2x6) SR: 107.24;
41.2;1;Hogg to Kallis, 1 run on the off stump line and swept away to long leg;
41.1;1;Hogg to Smith, 1 run short in length and pulled to deep midwicket;
40.6;1;Tait to Smith, 1 run yorker-length, on the off stump line, driven through the off side;
40.5;W;Tait to Kemp, OUT full, furious, and it curves in late, around the middle and leg stump line. Kemp is caught at the crease, the bat comes down in an angle and the ball thuds into the pad. Would have taken out leg. Another big-hitter is gone.;Justin Kemp lbw b Tait 1 (9m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 16.66;
40.4;?;Tait to Kemp, no run short in length, outside off, guided to point;
40.3;1;Tait to Kallis, 1 run length-delivery, on the middle stump line, hit on the up to long-off;
40.2;?;Tait to Kallis, no run full in length, on the middle stump line, Kallis stays adjacent to the line, opens the bat-face, steers to point.;
40.1;4;Tait to Kallis, FOUR runs Smokes that one. Fullish, on the off and middle and drilled inside-out through extra cover.;
39.6;1;Bracken to Kallis, 1 run full and on the leg stump line, run down to third man;
39.5;1;Bracken to Kemp, 1 run another off cutter, on the off stump line, pushed to long-off;
39.4;?;Bracken to Kemp, no run;
39.3;?;Bracken to Kemp, no run off cutter, rushing through the channel, outside off, and kemp is beaten trying to run it down to third man;
39.2;1;Bracken to Kallis, 1 run full and on the middle and leg, driven to long on;
39.1;?;Bracken to Kallis, no run Short of a length, Kallis tries to steer to third man but can't make contact.;
38.6;?;Tait to Kemp, no run Tait welcomes him with a short ball. Hello, he seems to be saying. Kemp sways away well. FIne over. He was called on to take the wicket and he delivered. South Africa need 122 from 66 now.;
38.5;W;Tait to Boucher, OUT That's the sucker punch. He's been short of a length throughout this over and now he pulls out the lethal weapon. Close to 140 kph, full, fast swinging yorker. Boucher had already lined up for the swipe across the line and the inside edge rattles off stump. That was the crucial wicket. Tait has got it.;Mark Boucher b Tait 22 (26m 26b 1x4 1x6) SR: 84.61;
38.4;1;Tait to Kallis, 1 run slightly short of a length, back-cut for a single;
38.3;4;Tait to Kallis, FOUR runs Oh, there is a chance. Fine, crisp, cover-drive from Kallis that pierces the field. Gives himself room and creams it past the gap in the cover for a fine four;
38.2;?;Tait to Kallis, no run Full and wide outside off and Kallis on his knees and drives it to cover. That's a region where Andrew 'Roy' Symonds is patrolling. Not much of a chance;
38.1;1;Tait to Boucher, 1 run Slightly short and Boucher pulls it away in front of square for a single;
37.6;1;Bracken to Boucher, 1 run Length ball and straight. Boucher thinks of improvising but decides to tap it to cover. Symonds picks up but they manage a single easily.;
37.5;1;Bracken to Kallis, 1 run Flicked away behind square for a single.;
37.4;?;Bracken to Kallis, no run Cover drive from Kallis and guess who's there? That man Symonds. He's all over the off side, then there's daylight;
37.3;1;Bracken to Boucher, 1 run Gives himself room, backs away way outside leg and pats it to cover. Quick single though Symonds threatens to hit the stumps even then. He's all over South Africa;
37.2;?;Bracken to Boucher, no run WIde of off but Boucher can't get it away. Straight to short third man.;
37.1;?;Bracken to Boucher, no run Length ball and straight, Boucher tries to go for the pre-meditated swipe but decides to pat it to the off side. Fielders prowling all over, it seems. Australia on the ball;
36.6;1;McGrath to Boucher, 1 run low full toss, driven to long-on. Boucher retains the strike. In this mood, he must.;
36.5;6;McGrath to Boucher, SIX runs That's the blitzer. Short ball and Boucher pulls with a crisp swoosh, ball soars high, high and into the stand at deep point. They're turning it on now.;
36.4;4;McGrath to Boucher, FOUR runs Low full toss, Boucher backs away and crashes it past the bowler for four. Ball races away straight past the bowler. Burns the grass, almost;
36.3;?;McGrath to Boucher, no run Drip-drip. Boucher drives it straight to cover. No run again.;
36.2;2;McGrath to Boucher, 2 runs Length ball outside off and Boucher goes for the slog sweep. Doesn't time it well and Hussey gets around it in a flash, stopping the boundary. The batsmen have to settle for two. Australia pulling out all the stops now. They're not defending champions for nothing;
36.1;?;McGrath to Boucher, no run Fine yorker to start off. Well directed on leg stump. Boucher can only dig it out straight to Ponting at midwicket. Pressure Pressure.;
35.6;?;Bracken to Kallis, no run Driven forcefully but Symonds, that great fielder, is prowling there. Dives to his right. The pressure is building and it's not Australia who are at the receiving end;
35.5;1;Bracken to Boucher, 1 run Cuts a slightly short of a length delivery but Michael 'Pup' Clarke dives full-length to his right and half-stops the ball. Fine athletecism there;
35.4;1;Bracken to Kallis, 1 run Gives himself room and glides it to third man. Singles, dots, singles .. Australia giving nothing away here;
35.3;?;Bracken to Kallis, no run Driven to cover. Kallis seems to be biding his time. Will they leave it for too late?;
35.2;1;Bracken to Boucher, 1 run Straighter this time and Boucher flicks it away to midwicket. Takes off for a quick single but Ponting is quick to swoop down and take a shy at the non-striker's end. Had it hit, that could have been close;
35.1;?;Bracken to Boucher, no run Good start. Outside off, length ball. Boucher drives but straight to gully;
34.6;1;McGrath to Boucher, 1 run Slightly short and Boucher goes for the pre-meditated swipe, gets a single to midwicket but that's a fine over. Just three from it. In the context of this game, it's like a maiden.;
34.5;?;McGrath to Boucher, no run Well-directed yorker on leg stump, Boucher can only dig it out. No room, no length. McGrath turning the screws. This could be the crucial phase;
34.4;1;McGrath to Kallis, 1 run Glided away square of third man for another single. Surely something has to give soon.;
34.3;1;McGrath to Boucher, 1 run back of a length outside off, tries to cut but gets an under-edge to point for a single;
34.2;?;McGrath to Boucher, no run tapped away to the off side, straight to cover. McGrath tightening things here. The equation is getting tougher and tougher by the minute.;
34.1;?;McGrath to Boucher, no run back of a length and outside off, typical McGrath length, Boucher tries to pull but it doesn't bounce as much as he expected.;
33.6;?;Hogg to Kallis, no run full outside off, swept away to short fine for a single.;
33.5;1;Hogg to Boucher, 1 run whipped away from outside off to the leg side for a single;
33.4;?;Hogg to Boucher, no run googly down the leg side, turns in but not enough, wide called though it was just missing the stumps;
33.3;?;Hogg to Boucher, no run slightly short of length, cut to point;
33.2;?;Hogg to Boucher, no run flighted delivery outside off stump, turns in and Boucher attempts to play it with the spin, misses and is rapped on the pad;
33.1;1;Hogg to Kallis, 1 run outside the off stump, run down to short third man.;
32.6;?;McGrath to Boucher, no run full-pitched, outside off stump, driven to mid-on.;
32.5;1;McGrath to Kallis, 1 run fuller and around off stump, driven to cover point;
32.4;1;McGrath to Boucher, 1 run McGrath hurls in another bouncer. Not so lucky this time. Pulled away to long leg for a single.;
32.3;1;McGrath to Kallis, 1 run full in length, outside off stump, driven to left of mid-off.;
32.2;W;McGrath to Prince, OUT Another one goes. Prince pulls straight to deep square-leg. Banged in short, climbes head-high and Prince pulls it to Hayden. Australia are tightening the screws here.;Ashwell Prince c Hayden b McGrath 1 (6m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
32.1;1;McGrath to Kallis, 1 run full in length, just outside off stump and Kallis steers it down to third man;
31.6;1;Hogg to Kallis, 1 run on the middle stump line, swept to long leg;
31.5;1;Hogg to Prince, 1 run loopy delivery that dipped in front of off stump line, driven to cover;
31.4;?;Hogg to Prince, no run Prince is beaten by the orthodox legbreak. Lands on the middle and off stump line and breaks away.;
31.3;W;Hogg to Gibbs, OUT done in by the googly. Loopy delivery that pitched on the middle stump line, on a length, and Gibbs shapes to drive to the on side and is beaten by the wrong'un. Gilchrist whips the bails off in a flash and Gibbs's back foot was still in the air. Wonderful delivery from Hogg.;Herschelle Gibbs st ?Gilchrist b Hogg 17 (30m 19b 1x4 1x6) SR: 89.47;
31.2;6;Hogg to Gibbs, SIX runs There comes the big hit. Gibbs charges down the track and hits it cleanly right over the bowler's head;
31.1;1;Hogg to Kallis, 1 run on the middle stump line, swept to long leg;
30.6;1;Watson to Kallis, 1 run full, straight, driven inside-out to cover.;
30.5;?;Watson to Kallis, no run beaten. Full and in the corridor outside off, Kallis drives but he tries to go too square and doesn't make contact;
30.4;1;Watson to Gibbs, 1 run full, on the middle and leg, driven to long on for a single.;
30.3;?;Watson to Gibbs, no run length-delivery on the off and middle stump line, dabbed to point;
30.2;1;Watson to Kallis, 1 run in the zone outside off, dabbed to third man;
30.1;1;Watson to Gibbs, 1 run short and on the off stump line, pulled away. Ponting, at midwicket, makes a half-stop with a full-length dive;
29.6;?;Hogg to Kallis, no run floated on the middle stump line, Kallis goes for a drive but is beaten in the flight. The bat-handle rotates and the ball rolls over to midwicket;
29.5;4;Hogg to Kallis, FOUR runs faboulous late cut. Leans back to a delivery turning in from outside off and cuts it fine.;
29.4;1;Hogg to Gibbs, 1 run leans back, flicks to backward square leg;
29.3;1;Hogg to Kallis, 1 run almost caught by Ponting at backward square-leg. Kallis goes for a sweep, gets a top-edge and it flies to left of Ponting who makes a desperate attempt to get it but can't reach it.;
29.2;?;Hogg to Kallis, no run;
29.1;?;Hogg to Kallis, no run leans forward and defends. Only 20 runs in the last five overs. The squeeze is on.;
28.6;1;Watson to Kallis, 1 run yorker-length, on the off stump line, driven to deep cover;
28.5;?;Watson to Kallis, no run Kallis walks to leg side, then back to where he was and ends up whipping a fullish delivery on the middle to midwicket.;
28.4;1;Watson to Gibbs, 1 run full and outside off, Gibbs slashes it down to third man;
28.3;1;Watson to Kallis, 1 run banged in short and Kallis pulls but straight to Hussey at deep midwicket. The cow corner was getting ready to be hit but he send it straight to the fielder.;
28.2;1;Watson to Gibbs, 1 run slower one, on the off and middle stump line, Gibbs reads it, leans forward, drives to cover point for a single. 200 up. 178 to win in 21.4 overs.;
28.1;?;Watson to Gibbs, no run short in length, homing in on the off stump line, pushed to cover.;
27.6;?;Hogg to Kallis, no run loopy delivery on the middle stump line, dabbed to the on side;
27.5;?;Hogg to Kallis, no run on the off and middle stump line, driven to cover;
27.4;4;Hogg to Kallis, FOUR runs bottom-edged to the boundary. On the middle stump line, Kallis goes for a sweep, gets a bottom edge and it runs down to fine-leg boundary.;
27.3;1;Hogg to Gibbs, 1 run on the off and middle, swept behind square-leg;
27.2;4;Hogg to Gibbs, FOUR runs Valuable boundary. First in 19 balls. Gibbs leans across and paddles a delivery from outside off, down to fine leg;
27.1;1;Hogg to Kallis, 1 run tossed on the off stump line, swept past square-leg.;
26.6;?;Tait to Gibbs, no run full in length, on the off stump line, steered to backward point region;
26.5;?;Tait to Gibbs, no run Another in-swinging yorker. This has been a very good spell from Tait. Gibbs takes out his left leg from the line and jabs the delivery to midwicket;
26.4;?;Tait to Gibbs, no run yorker-length, on the off stump line, again late swing, and dug out by Gibbs.;
26.3;?;Tait to Gibbs, no run;
26.2;1;Tait to Kallis, 1 run;
26.1;2;Tait to Kallis, 2 runs overpitched on the middle stump line, driven to long-on. Slight fumble by McGrath there and they will turn for the second run. Direct hit could have been interesting. Gibbs might have been short of his crease.;
25.6;?;Watson to Gibbs, no run full in length, outside off stump, driven on the up to cover;
25.5;1;Watson to Kallis, 1 run short in length and outside off, run down to third man for yet another single;
25.4;1;Watson to Gibbs, 1 run lands on the middle and leg, moves towards the hip, clipped away behind square-leg;
25.3;?;Watson to Gibbs, no run leans forward, defends a full-length delivery to cover;
25.2;?;Watson to Gibbs, no run great delivery first-up. Yorker on the middle stump line, stabbed away to the off side.;
25.1;?;Watson to Smith, no run low full toss on the off stump line, driven to mid-off;
24.6;?;Tait to Kallis, no run at the blockhole. On the middle and off stump line, swinging in late, Kallis drives to mid-off. This is the most economical over of the innings.;
24.5;?;Tait to Kallis, no run banged in short of length, outside off stump, pulled to midwicket.;
24.4;?;Tait to Kallis, no run attempted yorker turns into a low full toss, on the legs, flicked to short fine-leg;
24.3;?;Tait to Kallis, no run Full and on the off and middle stump line, Kallis drives but is beaten by the movement, gets a inside-edge on to the pad;
24.2;?;Tait to Kallis, no run bouncer at Kallis who ducks but his bat is held up like a periscope. Risky.;
24.1;1;Tait to Smith, 1 run full and on the leg and middle, whipped through midwicket.;
23.6;1;Watson to Smith, 1 run retains the strike with a dab to third man. Since he is taking a leg stump guard, and occasionally, backs away .. they are bowling at him outside off. Asking him to go and fetch it. Will it work?;
23.5;?;Watson to Smith, no run full and outside off, driven to mid-off;
23.4;?;Watson to Smith, no run yorker-length on the off stump line, jabbed away;
23.4;1w;Watson to Smith, 1 wide way outside off stump, Smith can't reach it.;
23.3;?;Watson to Smith, no run Pure drama. We saw a flood of 4s and 6s, here comes the penalty 5 runs.For hitting the cap behind Gilchrist. It was full and outside off, Smith hangs his bat out, gets a inside edge and it rolls over and his the cap. Gilchrist is donning the helmet and has placed the cap there. umpire Benson first signals a dead-ball . Smith screamed "why is it a dead-ball?". Benson walks over to Bucknor who signals it is the penalty five runs.;
23.2;?;Watson to Smith, no run again full and outside off, steered to gully region. Clarke gets across from backward point;
23.2;5w;Watson to Smith, 5 wide Gilchrist is amazed how Smith missed that full-toss and ends up giving byes. Smith charged down the track and missed a full-toss outside off stump. It bounces awkwardly in front of Gilchrist and shoots along the ground.;
23.1;?;Watson to Smith, no run full and well outside off stump, driven to cover. Four men inside the ring on the off side.;
22.6;?;Tait to Kallis, no run;
22.5;4;Tait to Kallis, FOUR runs half-volley outside off stump and Kallis follows the footsteps of the other batsmen before him: A fierce drive through the cover region.;
22.4;?;Tait to Kallis, no run full and outside off, Kallis drives to left of cover where Hayden makes a tumbling stop.;
22.3;?;Tait to Kallis, no run overpitched outside off stump, driven to mid-off;
22.3;1w;Tait to Kallis, 1 wide Tait resumes normal service. Another wide down the leg side.;
22.2;?;Tait to Kallis, no run rushes through the channel outside off stump, Kallis has a poke and is beaten;
22.1;?;Tait to Kallis, no run full, hint of inswing, on the off and middle line, driven back to the bowler;
21.6;1;Hogg to Kallis, 1 run around the off stump line, dabbed to short third man;
21.5;?;Hogg to Kallis, no run googly. lands on the middle stump line and breaks away. Kallis only sees it off the track, tries to adjust by wristing it away to the off side but makes no contact.;
21.4;?;Hogg to Kallis, no run floated on the off stump line, pushed back to the bowler;
21.3;?;Hogg to Kallis, no run outside off stump, driven back down the track;
21.2;1;Hogg to Smith, 1 run gets a single with a nudge through square-leg;
21.1;4;Hogg to Smith, FOUR runs Meanwhile, nothing has changed. Smith gets another boundary. Topspinner on the middle and off stump line, Smith backs away to cut it late. Very late.;
20.6;W;Symonds to de Villiers, 1 run, OUT Watson gets the crucial breakthrough with a direct hit from long leg. It was the only way de Villiers was getting out. Huge wicket. Flicked to left of Watson and they think there is a two in it. de Villiers turns, rushes back but is beaten by the fast, flat and the direct hit. Australia's fielding comes to their rescue. All the players mob Watson.;AB de Villiers run out (Watson) 92 (194m 70b 14x4 2x6) SR: 131.42;
20.5;1;Symonds to Smith, 1 run full in length, on the middle, driven down the ground, to Bracken at long on;
20.4;1;Symonds to de Villiers, 1 run flat and straight, on the middle and leg, driven past midwicket;
20.3;1;Symonds to Smith, 1 run fires in a low full-toss, driven to long-on;
20.2;1;Symonds to de Villiers, 1 run on the legs, de Villiers leans forward, works it past square-leg for another single;
20.1;1;Symonds to Smith, 1 run Smith is clearly bored. Opts for a reverse-sweep this time, doesn't execute it well and ends up dabbing it to cover.;
19.6;2;Hogg to de Villiers, 2 runs on the middle and leg stump line, full in length, flicked past square-leg;
19.5;4;Hogg to de Villiers, FOUR runs Again they bowl short to de Villiers. This definitely can't be a plan unless you are a masochist. de Villiers whacks it to the cow corner.;
19.4;?;Hogg to de Villiers, no run;
19.3;1;Hogg to Smith, 1 run drifting on the leg side, tickled to fine leg;
19.2;?;Hogg to Smith, no run leans forward and defends. Twice in a row. The scorers must be getting amazed at the two dot balls. What is happening?;
19.1;?;Hogg to Smith, no run;
18.6;4;Symonds to de Villiers, FOUR runs Deja-vu at St. Kitts. Symonds, for some reason, offers another short in length delivery, and de Villiers unfurls another pull shot.;
18.5;4;Symonds to de Villiers, FOUR runs Another pull. Another boundary. The run-feast continues, are you satiated yet though?;
18.4;4;Symonds to de Villiers, FOUR runs Wood on leather this time. Slightly short and de Villiers rocks back to pull it to deep midwicket;
18.3;?;Symonds to de Villiers, no run lands on the middle stump line, breaks in and de Villiers tries to shovel it to the on side, misses and is rapped on the pad;
18.2;?;Symonds to de Villiers, no run flatter, on the off stump line, driven to midwicket;
18.1;1;Symonds to Smith, 1 run floated from round the stumps, comes in with the angle and Smith pulls it to long on.;
17.6;?;Hogg to de Villiers, no run on the off and middle stump line, defended on the front foot;
17.5;?;Hogg to de Villiers, no run;
17.4;6;Hogg to de Villiers, SIX runs There comes the six. I was getting a bit itchy. Too long without one! de Villiers is down the track and to the pitch and the lovely swing of the bat and the ball soars over long on;
17.3;2;Hogg to de Villiers, 2 runs loopy delivery on the middle stump line, de Villiers comes down the track and drives through the on side;
17.2;1;Hogg to Smith, 1 run topspinner on the off and middle stump line, pushed to cover region for a single. Clarke fires in a throw at non-striker's end, misses and McGrath backs up;
17.1;?;Hogg to Smith, no run lands on the off and middle, on a length, turns away, whipped to midwicket;
16.6;1;Tait to Smith, 1 run Again that backing away. In the future if he doesn't do it, I shall mention. Drills a fullish delivery to long-off. Stick cricket continues.;
16.5;4;Tait to Smith, FOUR runs He moves outside leg stump, exposing all three sticks, and slashes a low full toss, on the middle peg, to third man region.;
16.4;1;Tait to de Villiers, 1 run yorker-length which curved in late and de Villiers does well to get his bat down in a hurry. He gets a inside-edge which takes the ball to fine leg;
16.3;1;Tait to Smith, 1 run fuller, on the middle and leg stump line, Smith drives to deep midwicket. His bat, more often than not, comes down in angle, with a shut-face and his on-drives go square;
16.2;?;Tait to Smith, no run backs away a touch, Tait bangs it short, at the body and Smith pulls it weakly to midwicket;
16.1;?;Tait to Smith, no run Smith is standing slightly outside the leg stump. Interesting. This one is full and straight on the middle and leg, pushed back to the bowler.;
15.6;1;Hogg to Smith, 1 run on the off stump line, dabbed to third man;
15.5;4;Hogg to Smith, FOUR runs on the middle and off stump line, swept fine. That brings up his fifty. 4th against Australia.;
15.4;?;Hogg to Smith, no run on the middle stump, dabbed to midwicket;
15.3;?;Hogg to Smith, no run lands on the off and middle stump line, goes on straight, Smith leans forward and defends. It will be interesting to see how SA play the spinner.;
15.2;?;Hogg to Smith, no run lands on the off stump line and turns away, Smith is beaten on the drive.;
15.1;?;Hogg to Smith, no run short in length, on the middle stump line, pulled to midwicket.;
14.6;?;Tait to de Villiers, no run lands on a length, on the middle stump line, driven to mid-on;
14.5;1;Tait to Smith, 1 run;
14.4;4;Tait to Smith, FOUR runs Length-delivery on the middle stump line, eased through the midwicket. I describe as if it was just a single but I tell you it has been that kind of a day.;
14.3;1;Tait to de Villiers, 1 run full-pitched outside off, de Villiers blasts it to cover where a half-stop is made by Hayden and it bounds off to Ponting at mid-off who has a shy at the striker's end;
14.2;?;Tait to de Villiers, no run slightly short in length, outside off stump and pulled away to mid-on;
14.1;1;Tait to Smith, 1 run on the hips, clipped to short fine leg;
13.6;4;McGrath to de Villiers, FOUR runs The boundaries keep coming. Full in length, on the off and middle line and de Villiers hits it on the up and over mid-on.;
13.5;1;McGrath to Smith, 1 run low full toss on the legs, flicked away through square-leg;
13.4;?;McGrath to Smith, no run;
13.3;1;McGrath to de Villiers, 1 run yorker, good comeback by McGrath, de Villers watchfully digs that out;
13.2;?;McGrath to de Villiers, no run steered towards point for no run;
13.1;4;McGrath to de Villiers, FOUR runs pulled over mid-on, a little streaky though, Tait nearly gets a hand to it but the ball beats him and heads to the boundary, despite a diving attempt by him;
12.6;3;Watson to de Villiers, 3 runs drifting towards the pads, de Villiers places it wide of short fine leg, the ball heads towards the ropes and a superb save by deep square leg cuts off a certain four;
12.5;1;Watson to Smith, 1 run Smith backs away, Watson holds the length back, Smith adjusts quickly and glides it towards short third man;
12.4;6;Watson to Smith, SIX runs take that! Smith advances down again and deposits it down town over long-on;
12.3;?;Watson to Smith, no run fuller, Smith dances down the track and hits it hard straight to the diving mid-on;
12.2;4;Watson to Smith, FOUR runs backs away and biffed with force over midwicket, a lot of bottom hand on that stroke;
12.1;1;Watson to de Villiers, 1 run sharp single! de Villiers pushes it off the front foot towards mid-off, sets off and just reaches his ground before the throw goes towards the stumps;
11.6;?;McGrath to Smith, no run drifting on the pads, Smith turns his wrists, tries to beat short fine leg but fails, McGrath lucky to get away with that;
11.5;1;McGrath to de Villiers, 1 run outside off, de Villiers opens the face and glides it easily towads third man;
11.4;?;McGrath to de Villiers, no run pushed towards point, McGrath keeping these two quiet;
11.3;?;McGrath to de Villiers, no run good length outside off, de Villiers tries to drive it square off the front foot but once again finds the fielder at point;
11.2;?;McGrath to de Villiers, no run fullish on middle, de Villiers gets forward and drives it to mid-on;
11.1;1;McGrath to Smith, 1 run Smith backs away, swings and Tait makes a valiant save at mid-on;
10.6;4;Watson to de Villiers, FOUR runs drifting on the pads, de Villiers notices the fine leg up and turns it wide of the fielder, easy boundary there;
10.5;?;Watson to de Villiers, no run Watson gives a little width outside off and de Villiers pushes it hard to the covers, trying to find that gap;
10.4;?;Watson to de Villiers, no run driveable length outside off, de Villiers drives hard off the front foot but straight to mid-off;
10.3;1;Watson to Smith, 1 run Smith backs away a little and pushes it off the front foot to mid-off;
10.2;1;Watson to de Villiers, 1 run turned towards deep square leg off the pads;
10.1;?;Watson to de Villiers, no run de Villiers was sliced in half with that one. straight, on middle stump, de Villiers tries to whip across the line and misses, that missed the stump by a whisker;
9.6;?;McGrath to Smith, no run lands on a length, on the middle and leg stump line, moves towards off, nudged to the on side;
9.5;1;McGrath to de Villiers, 1 run length-delivery has been hit on the up to mid-off for a yet another single;
9.4;4;McGrath to de Villiers, FOUR runs de Villiers loves his pull shot. Slightly short in length, on the middle stump line and he swings it behind square-leg.;
9.3;?;McGrath to de Villiers, no run full and straight, outside off stump, de Villiers waits for it, leans back, opens the bat-face and guides it to point;
9.2;1;McGrath to Smith, 1 run slower one, on the middle and leg stump line, worked to left of midwicket for a quick single.;
9.1;4;McGrath to Smith, FOUR runs Smith goes down town. Full-pitched on the off stump line, drilled down the ground.;
8.6;?;Watson to de Villiers, no run drifting on to the pads, de Villiers misses out an opportunity there.;
8.5;1;Watson to Smith, 1 run Watson keeps it full, driven to mid-off;
8.4;6;Watson to Smith, SIX runs No can intervene that. He has taken the aerial route. Again, he backs away to the leg side and goes through the line. Smooth. Up and over long off.;
8.3;?;Watson to Smith, no run Smith backs away, Watson pushes on full and just outside off, Smith reaches it and drives but again Hayden, at short cover, is in the way.;
8.2;?;Watson to Smith, no run full in length, around the off stump line, Smith leans forward, drives to short cover. Gilchrist runs down to have a chat with Watto. Maybe about the dinner.;
8.1;1;Watson to de Villiers, 1 run full and on the middle and leg, de Villiers whips it across to deep midwicket;
7.6;?;McGrath to Smith, no run Parsimonious McGrath. Full-pitched on the middle stump line, turned to Hayden at midwicket.;
7.5;1;McGrath to de Villiers, 1 run on the middle and leg stump line, worked through midwicket;
7.4;?;McGrath to de Villiers, no run nagging line on the off and middle stump line, defended on the front foot;
7.3;?;McGrath to de Villiers, no run fuller, in the same zone, de Villiers steers it to backward point. Sixth dot ball in a row from McGrath. Smith goes down the track to have a chat with de Villiers.;
7.2;?;McGrath to de Villiers, no run slightly short in length, just outside off and de Villiers rocks back and punches it to Symonds at point;
7.1;?;McGrath to de Villiers, no run probing delivery on the off stump line. Landed on a length and straightened, pushed down to mid-off.;
6.6;?;Bracken to Smith, no run on a length, outside off, cut to right of backward point where Clarke makes the stop.;
6.5;1;Bracken to de Villiers, 1 run Ponting makes a good save. All in a day's work for him. de Villiers drives a fullish delivery to left of Ponting at mid-off but he moves across and dives;
6.4;?;Bracken to de Villiers, no run full, lands on the off stump line, angles away, de Villiers goes forward, drives to cover;
6.3;?;Bracken to de Villiers, no run full in length, going on with the angle, driven to the cover region.;
6.2;?;Bracken to de Villiers, no run slower one, on the middle stump line, de Villiers plays it quietly to the on side;
6.1;1;Bracken to Smith, 1 run back of length, around off stump, Smith stands tall, dabs it to down to third man;
5.6;?;McGrath to de Villiers, no run lands on a length, on the off stump line, pushed to the off side;
5.5;?;McGrath to de Villiers, no run cut and a miss. In the temptation zone outside off, short in length and de Villiers shapes to cut;
5.4;?;McGrath to de Villiers, no run leans forward to defend a length-delivery on the off stump line;
5.3;4;McGrath to de Villiers, FOUR runs Three in a row. The chase is hurtling along at some pace. Full in length and outside off stump, de Villiers leans forward and opens the bat-face and square-drives it through backward point.;
5.2;4;McGrath to de Villiers, FOUR runs Classy. Elegant off drive. Length-delivery outside off stump and de Villiers eases forward and drives on the up. Past mid-off.;
5.1;4;McGrath to de Villiers, FOUR runs No change in the proceedings though. Another four. Full and drifting on to the pads, flicked away;
4.6;1;Bracken to de Villiers, 1 run Both can stand and watch as the ball is dabbed down to third man.;
4.5;1;Bracken to Smith, 1 run fullish, on the middle and off stump line, Smith drives through midwicket.;
4.4;4;Bracken to Smith, FOUR runs Overpitched on the middle stump line and what does Smith do? He backs away a touch and drills it straight down the track. Easy. The chase is on.;
4.3;?;Bracken to Smith, no run on the off stump line, pushed to cover region;
4.2;?;Bracken to Smith, no run shuffles across, gets behind the line of a length-delivery on the off and middle and defends;
4.1;4;Bracken to Smith, FOUR runs Biffed away. Smith waltzes down the track, backing away in the process, and creams a fullish delivery over mid-off.;
3.6;?;Tait to de Villiers, no run 143.5k, on the off and middle stump line, coming in a touch, de Villiers is behind the line, punches on the up, to mid-off;
3.6;1w;Tait to de Villiers, 1 wide 149+ k , fast and short but well outside the off stump and a wide is called.;
3.5;4;Tait to de Villiers, FOUR runs you can bowl fast but you need to hit the right areas. This one is slipping down leg side and de Villiers helps himself to another boundary;
3.4;1;Tait to Smith, 1 run full-pitched on the leg and middle stump line, turned towards midwicket for a single;
3.3;4;Tait to Smith, FOUR runs 147.4k, full and straight and Smith caresses it straight down the ground. Ponting moves to his left from mid-on and dives over the ball.;
3.2;?;Tait to Smith, no run 149.5 k. Short and furious. Smith pulls that chest-high delivery but mistimes and it rolls over to square-leg;
3.1;1;Tait to de Villiers, 1 run full and straight on the middle stump line, driven to mid-on;
2.6;?;Bracken to Smith, no run nagging line around off stump, on a length and nudged to the on side.;
2.5;?;Bracken to Smith, no run slightly slower in pace. 118 k. Around the off stump line and Smith offers the full face of the bat in defense;
2.4;?;Bracken to Smith, no run full in length, on the middle stump line, defended on the front foot.;
2.3;1;Bracken to de Villiers, 1 run full in length, pushed to Ponting at mid-off and they get across for a quick single. Ponting, as usual, fires in a direct hit but de Villiers has made his ground;
2.2;?;Bracken to de Villiers, no run 131.2 k, on the off stump line, going on with the angle, pushed to the off side. de Villiers is waiting for that slightly short of length delivery.;
2.1;?;Bracken to de Villiers, no run rushes through the channel outside off stump, de Villiers shuffles across, covers the off stump and lets it sail past him;
1.6;1;Tait to de Villiers, 1 run banged in short, on the leg stump line, de Villiers shapes to pull but is beaten by the pace. Still, manages to get it down to fine leg;
1.6;1w;Tait to de Villiers, 1 wide Another wide down the leg side. If you have been following Tait's career, this won't be come as a surprise.;
1.5;?;Tait to de Villiers, no run on the off stump line, 147.4k, pushed to cover;
1.4;4;Tait to de Villiers, FOUR runs full, straight, on the legs and on-driven through the midwicket region. Easy pickings. Not much movement of the ball and he whips it away;
1.4;1w;Tait to de Villiers, 1 wide wide down the leg side. He has a slightly round-armish action and this time the right arm never got up.;
1.3;1;Tait to Smith, 1 run bangs it short, 146.3 k, outside off stump, Smith hops up, gets on top of the bounce and cuts to wide third man;
1.2;?;Tait to Smith, no run in the zone outside off stump, 147.4 kmph, and Smith has a flash but no wood on leather.;
1.1;?;Tait to Smith, no run full and well outside the off stump, left alone. Reaches Gilchrist on one-bounce.;
0.6;?;Bracken to de Villiers, no run leans forward to defend a length-delivery on the middle stump line.;
0.5;6;Bracken to de Villiers, SIX runs FIrst six of the chase. Comes via thrillingly skillful stroke. It was back of length delivery on the middle stump line and he short-arm jabbed it over deep midwicket. Stunning stroke.;
0.4;4;Bracken to de Villiers, FOUR runs Short of length and de Villiers forces it through the off side. There was not much room offered but this is such a nice pitch that de Villiers just hit on the up.;
0.3;?;Bracken to de Villiers, no run fuller, on the middle and leg stump line, flicked to right of square-leg;
0.2;?;Bracken to de Villiers, no run length-delivery on the middle stump line, worked to midwicket.;
0.1;?;Bracken to de Villiers, no run lands on a length, curves in, turned to square-leg;

Smith and de Villiers are out there. The chase is about to begin.
 Innings Start
Australia
South Africa
22nd Match, Group A, Basseterre, Mar 24 2007, ICC World Cup
377/6
294
Player of the match is Matthew Hayden, AUS
Australia won by 83 runs
