Data
Rakib: "Wake up fayzal, it's not 2014, it's 2021 already!! I'm fancying a 9/10 wicket win here."
Foyzal Hoque: "People talking as if aus have lost already I remember a game bd played vs India got them out for low total only to loose because S. Biney got about 4 wickets not giving away so many runs. "
Tinura: "So far in this series, Starc impressed us most among aussie batters!"
7.32pm Bangladesh big favourites to go up 2-0 in this series. If it was spinners that caused damage yesterday, today it was the fast bowlers who used their cutters really well. Marsh impressed once again, on a surface that is tough, yes, but one that can't be used as an excuse to brush away the way the middle and lower-middle order fell apart. A marginally better but overall disappointing effort from the openers. Wade failed to get going, Turner and Agar fell prey to the pacers' skills, and if it wasn't for Starc's little cameo at the end, Bangladesh would've been chasing at a run rate of less than six.
What Australia now need are wickets at the top, and then get Shakib-Mahmudullah early as well, to have any chance of a win. Batting isn't easy over here but given Bangladesh know what rate they have to score at, they will feel comfortable earning the W.
Irfan: "@Jalal: Arrogance or chance of a rest before the IPL resumes in world cup conditions? No need to stress/injure themselves with minimal risk of losing their place in the side. Further, they will not lose much in terms of cash as well."
19.6;2;Mustafizur to Starc, 2 runs full outside off. Clears the front leg and drags a shot to deep midwicket. Takes two and Australia finish on 121 for 7;
19.5;2;Mustafizur to Starc, 2 runs slower ball, full and wide. Toe-ends the cut towards third man for one;
19.4;?;Mustafizur to Starc, no run back of a length slower ball outside off. Wants to cut, through the shot too early. Well disguised, 100% skill;
19.3;4;Mustafizur to Starc, FOUR runs full on middle, and flicked through the leg side. Goes finer than he attempted, but it's gone for four! First four in 25 balls;
19.2;1lb;Mustafizur to Tye, 1 leg bye full, pitched outside leg and hits the pad before rolling over to point. LBW appeal turned down but no way that was out;
19.1;2;Mustafizur to Tye, 2 runs full, on middle, change of pace. Bunted over the bowler to long off for a couple;
18.6;1;Shoriful Islam to Tye, 1 run good length, on middle and angling across. Pushed to point. Shoriful 2/27 tonight;
18.5;1;Shoriful Islam to Starc, 1 run full and wide. Walks across to the off side to try and scoop it past the keeper. But too slow for him to generate any power from it. Mistimed to the off side;
18.4;?;Shoriful Islam to Starc, no run full pitch, outside off stump. He walks across to the off side and mistimes a shot down the ground;
18.3;2;Shoriful Islam to Starc, 2 runs;
18.2;W;Shoriful Islam to Turner, OUT back of a length outside off. Angling away and he tries to cut it over the off side. Spooned up in the air, and cover backtracks to take a simple one;Ashton Turner c Mahmudullah b Shoriful Islam 3 (14m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 42.85;
18.1;1;Shoriful Islam to Starc, 1 run good length, outside off and cut to deep point for one;
17.6;1;Mustafizur to Starc, 1 run good length, just outside off. Cut behind point and they scamper across for one;
17.5;?;Mustafizur to Starc, no run full ball, slower ball just outside off. Comes to drive with hard hands, and it pops up. Falls just in front of short midwicket diving forward;
17.5;1w;Mustafizur to Starc, 1 wide slower ball, full outside leg, and rolls towards the keeper;
17.4;W;Mustafizur to Agar, OUT Ashton leaves Ashton! Good length, outside off. Agar tentatively looks to cut it square, but there's a bit of extra bounce despite the slower ball, and it hits the glove. Pops up in the air towards the keeper and that's something his five-year old self could've also taken;Ashton Agar c ?Nurul Hasan b Mustafizur Rahman 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
17.3;W;Mustafizur to Wade, OUT leg stump cartwheeling! Full on off, and he walks across to the off side to try and paddle it to fine leg. Misses the shot, and the ball crashes into leg;Matthew Wade b Mustafizur Rahman 4 (16m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 57.14;
17.2;1;Mustafizur to Turner, 1 run cutter, full on leg. Guided to deep point for a single;
17.1;?;Mustafizur to Turner, no run full, outside off stump as Turner backs away to make some room expecting the ball to be in the stumps. It's not, and it's inside the tramline as well. Fair ball!;
16.6;1;Shoriful Islam to Turner, 1 run length ball on leg and angling across. Nudged to cover for one and that over has cost just three runs;
16.5;?;Shoriful Islam to Turner, no run fullish, just outside off. Mistimed drive back to the bowler, who picks it up and fakes a throw back towards the batter;
16.4;?;Shoriful Islam to Turner, no run fullish, on middle. Walks across to the off side slightly, and blocked back to Shoriful;
16.3;1;Shoriful Islam to Wade, 1 run back of a length, just outside off. Pull attempted, but dragged towards the left of square leg instead;
16.2;1;Shoriful Islam to Turner, 1 run full, on middle, and pushed towards point. They are off for one, and Wade running to the non-striker's is running to the danger end. Fielder picks up and takes aim at one stump for a run out but it's not a direct hit. Mahedi Hasan the man picking up the ball;
16.1;W;Shoriful Islam to Marsh, OUT big swing to the leg side but outside edge to the keeper. Length ball on off, and tries to hit it over midwicket, but with the ball angling away he had to get closer to the line to play it in that direction. Faint edge to the keeper and that's Marsh out on 45 for the second time in two days;Mitchell Marsh c ?Nurul Hasan b Shoriful Islam 45 (60m 42b 5x4 0x6) SR: 107.14;
15.6;1;Mahedi Hasan to Marsh, 1 run faster ball, length ball just outside off. Cut to deep point;
15.5;1;Mahedi Hasan to Wade, 1 run length ball outside off. Turning away, by bowling around the stumps. Cut to point for a quick one;
15.4;1;Mahedi Hasan to Marsh, 1 run good length, just outside off. Stays on the back foot and hammers it to wide long on with a flat-batted shot;
15.3;1;Mahedi Hasan to Wade, 1 run full, just outside off. Comes down the wicket and drives to long off;
15.2;1;Mahedi Hasan to Marsh, 1 run fullish, just outside off and turning in. Punched with the bat's face at 45 degrees towards cover;
15.1;4;Mahedi Hasan to Marsh, FOUR runs darts this one in. Full on leg, and flicked off his boots to deep backward square leg. Fielder at deep midwicket runs across a big distance, and just about cups it back into play. But the TV umpire wants to take a second look. Was his right hand hitting the skirting? Yes, unfortunately for Bangladesh;
14.6;1;Shakib to Marsh, 1 run full on off. Bat-pad rolls away to the leg side and they scamper across for one;
14.5;1;Shakib to Wade, 1 run full on middle. Tapped off the back foot to point for a single;
14.4;?;Shakib to Wade, no run full on off, and tries to reverse sweep. Hit onto his boot;
14.3;?;Shakib to Wade, no run full on off and sliding across Wade as he tries to drive. Past the edge;
14.2;W;Shakib to Henriques, OUT slows it down and Henriques misses the slog sweep totally. Full just outside off but angling in with the arm. Henriques goes across and gets down to hammer it through the leg side. Under the bat, past his body, and into off stump;Moises Henriques b Shakib Al Hasan 30 (36m 25b 3x4 1x6) SR: 120;
14.1;1;Shakib to Marsh, 1 run full on middle, and leg. Driven to midwicket, and the fielder in the deep runs in super fast to stop the second;
13.6;4;Shoriful Islam to Henriques, FOUR runs that sounded goooood! Length ball on middle, comfortable height for Henriques. Feet firm, in position early, and swatted through the leg side for four;
13.5;?;Shoriful Islam to Henriques, no run short ball on middle and leg. Henriques looks to pull, but it's bounced more than expected. Over the blade to the keeper. That was a promising delivery;
13.4;2;Shoriful Islam to Henriques, 2 runs good length, just outside off stump. Cut in front of square, to extra cover in the deep. Enough time for two;
13.3;4;Shoriful Islam to Henriques, FOUR runs gloved and it runs to fine leg for four. Slower ball outside leg, tries to pull. Hits the hand and goes past short fine leg;
13.2;?;Shoriful Islam to Henriques, no run good length, on middle, and some bounce this time. Tries to cut, but the ball goes over the blade to the keeper;
13.1;?;Shoriful Islam to Henriques, no run good length on leg and angling across. Henriques skips down the wicket, to cut after getting to the leg side of the ball. Misses, and he's lucky that has not hit the stumps;
12.6;1;Shakib to Henriques, 1 run edged! Teasing ball, very slow, very wide. Turning away as he is through the drive early after stretching out. Thick edge, but over the keeper's gloves;
12.5;1;Shakib to Marsh, 1 run full, on off. Sliding in as Marsh rocks back. Punched to long off;
12.4;2;Shakib to Marsh, 2 runs fullish, wider outside off but angling in slightly. Slapped in front of cover, to the fielder in the deep;
12.3;1;Shakib to Henriques, 1 run full, just outside off. Slower this time. Straightening. Punched to long on;
12.2;4;Shakib to Henriques, FOUR runs smacked! And sends the bowler ducking for cover. Full, just outside off. Skips down the ground, hammers it straight back, and long on running to his left can't stop it despite the dive;
12.1;1;Shakib to Marsh, 1 run full on leg stump, and angling in from around the stumps. Stays on the back foot to flick towards deep midwicket;
11.6;1;Mustafizur to Marsh, 1 run full, and wider this time. Opens the bat's face to play the square drive to deep point;
11.5;1;Mustafizur to Henriques, 1 run back of a length, just outside leg. Worked off his hip to deep backward square for one;
11.4;1;Mustafizur to Marsh, 1 run full on leg, and pushed to mid on for another one;
11.3;1;Mustafizur to Henriques, 1 run full on middle. Cutter again. Soft hand tap to the off side, and they are off for a single;
11.2;1;Mustafizur to Marsh, 1 run full on leg, and patted to mid on's right for one;
11.1;?;Mustafizur to Marsh, no run slower ball, fullish, just outside off. Presses forward to play at it, but it goes past the edge to the keeper;
10.6;?;Nasum to Henriques, no run full and straight, gets squared up again as he plays to the bowler;
10.5;1;Nasum to Marsh, 1 run eased along the ground to long-off;
10.4;1;Nasum to Henriques, 1 run down the pitch again, doesn't get to it this time, is able to bunt it in the air down to long-off;
10.3;?;Nasum to Henriques, no run good comeback, length delivery on the stumps, straightens and takes the outside edge;
10.2;6;Nasum to Henriques, SIX runs uses his feet and lofts this straight down the ground...breaks the shackles, excellent footwork. Third umpire confirms the six;
10.1;1;Nasum to Marsh, 1 run slides on with the arm, Marsh does well to angle it to short third man;
9.6;1;Soumya to Marsh, 1 run full outside off, driven to the cover sweeper;
9.5;?;Soumya to Marsh, no run fuller at the stumps, can't get it wide of the bowler;
9.4;4;Soumya to Marsh, FOUR runs dropped in short and Marsh finds the gap between deep midwicket and deep square with a well-placed pull;
9.3;?;Soumya to Marsh, no run full outside off, drives and finds cover;
9.2;1;Soumya to Henriques, 1 run worked off the pads into midwicket;
9.1;1;Soumya to Marsh, 1 run back of a length at off stump, pushed to long-on;
8.6;?;Nasum to Henriques, no run well bowled, nearly gets through him a quicker one but Henriques is able to play back to the bowler;
8.5;1;Nasum to Marsh, 1 run deep in the crease and whips this from outside off to long-on;
8.4;?;Nasum to Marsh, no run finds point as he drives;
8.3;1;Nasum to Henriques, 1 run drives down the ground to long-off;
8.2;?;Nasum to Henriques, no run gets forward and pushes into the covers;
8.1;1;Nasum to Marsh, 1 run round the wicket, Marsh goes back outside leg stump then drives to the off-side sweeper;
7.6;1;Shoriful Islam to Marsh, 1 run worked off the pads to deep square leg;
7.5;2;Shoriful Islam to Marsh, 2 runs outside leg stump, tucked away fine but long leg is able to get across;
7.4;?;Shoriful Islam to Marsh, no run big appeal for lbw as Marsh misses a pull but that looked to have pitched outside leg;
7.3;1;Shoriful Islam to Henriques, 1 run short of a length on leg stump, worked off the pads to long leg;
7.2;1;Shoriful Islam to Marsh, 1 run pulls the length back a touch and is on the stumps, pushed out to deep cover;
7.1;4;Shoriful Islam to Marsh, FOUR runs over the wicket, full outside off, and that's a cracking lofted cover drive from Marsh...flew off the bat;
6.6;1;Shakib to Marsh, 1 run a quicker delivery, into the pads, worked backward of square;
6.5;?;Shakib to Marsh, no run staying leg side of the ball to try and create some room, drives and picks out cover;
6.4;?;Shakib to Marsh, no run this grips and Marsh loses all his timing and the ball dribbles into the on side;
6.3;1;Shakib to Henriques, 1 run on the back foot again and drives to long-off;
6.2;?;Shakib to Henriques, no run fuller and pushes into the covers;
6.1;?;Shakib to Henriques, no run goes back in the crease and drives to point;
5.6;?;Mustafizur to Marsh, no run wide outside off, can't get any timing into the off side;
5.5;1;Mustafizur to Henriques, 1 run full at the pads, worked into midwicket;
5.4;W;Mustafizur to Philippe, OUT takes leg stump! Magnificently done from Mustafizur. Philippe got in all sorts of a mess. A short-of-a-length delivery, he moved across the crease a touch and shaped to play to the leg side but was completely done by the slower ball. Brilliant bowling. Quick spin bowling.;Josh Philippe b Mustafizur Rahman 10 (21m 14b 1x4 0x6) SR: 71.42;
5.3;?;Mustafizur to Philippe, no run good length at off stump, appears to grip in the surface, pop in the air to the on side;
5.2;?;Mustafizur to Philippe, no run back of a length at middle and leg, much better, defended to the off side;
5.1;4;Mustafizur to Philippe, FOUR runs over the wicket, low full toss at off stump, nicely put away with a drive straight of mid-off. Bit of a freebie;
4.6;1;Nasum to Philippe, 1 run tossed up with more air, full at the stumps, driven down the ground to long-on;
4.5;?;Nasum to Philippe, no run slides into middle and leg, cramps him for room, defended;
4.4;?;Nasum to Philippe, no run full and straight, skews off a thick outside edge to backward point as he looks to drive;
4.3;1;Nasum to Marsh, 1 run drives with an open face into the point region;
4.2;4;Nasum to Marsh, FOUR runs strong shot...a full delivery on the stumps, Marsh deposits it over mid-on. Different game when Marsh is on strike;
4.1;1;Nasum to Philippe, 1 run big appeal for lbw as Philippe misses a pull, taken on the back leg, no given on field and the review is call. This skidded through a touch, beat the under edge. Is it outside the line? Ah, well, he's actually hit it;
3.6;4;Shakib to Marsh, FOUR runs finds the gap this time, leans and back drives nicely through the gap at cover. Australia needed that;
3.5;1;Shakib to Philippe, 1 run full and straight, swept strongly to deep square leg;
3.4;1;Shakib to Marsh, 1 run skids on at the pads, worked just to the right of mid-on...Marsh had to get a move on. Out with a direct hit;
3.3;?;Shakib to Marsh, no run onto the front foot and drives into the off-side ring;
3.2;?;Shakib to Marsh, no run holds this back a touch, it grips from around off stump, pushed into the covers;
3.1;1;Shakib to Philippe, 1 run nearly dragged on! Round the wicket, he plays forward and gets an inside edge past leg stump;
2.6;?;Mahedi Hasan to Marsh, no run keeps it full at off stump, pushed into the off side, excellent over from Mahedi;
2.5;?;Mahedi Hasan to Marsh, no run full and straight, Marsh taps it to the on side;
2.4;?;Mahedi Hasan to Marsh, no run pushes forward and back to the bowler;
2.3;W;Mahedi Hasan to Carey, OUT taken at mid-on! Mahedi gets Carey again. Full outside, looked to drag it over the leg side but the bat twisted and it took a thick inside edge;Alex Carey c Nasum Ahmed b Mahedi Hasan 11 (7m 11b 2x4 0x6) SR: 100;
2.2;?;Mahedi Hasan to Carey, no run full at off stump, comes forward and defends to cover;
2.1;2;Mahedi Hasan to Carey, 2 runs round the wicket, steps back and drives nicely through the covers with good timing but it just gets hauled back inside the rope;
1.6;1;Nasum to Carey, 1 run gets forward and drives towards mid-off for a scampered single;
1.5;?;Nasum to Carey, no run the broom is out, he sweeps again but gets a bottom edge to the leg side;
1.4;4;Nasum to Carey, FOUR runs and now he reverses again, gets it past a diving point for another boundary...got himself across outside off stump;
1.3;?;Nasum to Carey, no run comes over the wicket, conventional sweep this time from outside off and he finds square leg;
1.2;4;Nasum to Carey, FOUR runs round the wicket, it's a full toss outside off and Carey reverse sweeps to third man. It's a shot he likes;
1.1;1;Nasum to Philippe, 1 run round the wicket, touch short of a length outside off, worked towards mid-on;
0.6;?;Mahedi Hasan to Carey, no run full just outside off stump. Defended to cover;
0.5;?;Mahedi Hasan to Carey, no run full on middle. Pushed to the leg side;
0.4;?;Mahedi Hasan to Carey, no run around the stumps. Full, outside off. Carey presses forward to drive, and sliced. On the bounce to point;
0.3;1;Mahedi Hasan to Philippe, 1 run full toss, on off stump. Drilled to long on for a single. Freebit can't be put away;
0.2;?;Mahedi Hasan to Philippe, no run full, wider outside off. A bit of movement in the air too. Driven, crunched to cover;
0.1;?;Mahedi Hasan to Philippe, no run over the stumps. Full on off. Defended towards mid on;

5.58pm Carey and Philippe have walked out. Both will want to put on a better show. Mahedi Hasan will start proceedings, just like yesterday. Carey was out for a first-ball duck, and he ain't taking strike today!
Sultan Uz Zaman: "@Raihan: "Mahmudullah has lost 5 consecutive toss!"That's phenomenal! He has won 4 matches out of these 5 lost toss. People will start thinking of losing toss in future."
Pitch report: Hardly any grass on the deck. Maharoof doing the report said that the par score yesterday was 160, but expects it's going to be around 140 today. Bold prediction!

Patrick: "Good to see Australia elect to bat first. They go much better when they're setting a target. Wade in particular has a much better record in the first innings."
Having done some snooping, I have learnt that the teams are playing on a different pitch today
Raihan: "Mahmudullah has lost 5 consecutive toss!"
janki kanth: "Hey ,Sreshth ,Is it the same pitch as yesterday or the new one..?" -- Great question but I don't have the answer yet. We'll know when the pitch report is here.
Zahid Mahmood: "Very good decision to go with the same team after a shocking loss last night. They need to focus on their batting while the bowling department is so good."
Ratul: "What we learned from last result? Subcontinent should play more in Australian n New Zealand on the other hand aus/New zea should play in subcontinent more n more. "
5.30pm Australia win the toss and bat first today. They are unchanged. As are Bangladesh.
Bangladesh XI: Mohammad Naim, Soumya Sarkar, Shakib Al Hasan, Mahmudullah, Nurul Hasan, Shamim Hossain, Afif Hossain, Mahedi Hasan, Mustafizur Rahman, Shoriful Islam, Nasum Ahmed
Australia XI: Alex Carey, Josh Philippe, Mitchell Marsh, Moises Henriques, Matthew Wade, Ashton Turner, Ashton Agar, Mitchell Starc, AJ Tye, Adam Zampa, Josh Hazlewood
Helal: "What's the weather condition at mirpur right now" -- Just asked a local. "Seems clear", is the response. However, the weather websites suggest a 40-50% precipitation chance today.
Johnathon: "I dont know if you should be criticising Aussie batters, I'd give credit to the bangladeshi spinners. It will always be spinners troubling SENA and pace troubling subcontinent countries."
5.15pm Fifteen minutes for the toss. If Australia make some changes to their side today, it is not ~just~ because of yesterday's defeat. We understand they are looking to rotate their squad quite generously this tour. Can't forget that the World T20 is coming up in a few months in the UAE, and some spots are definitely up for grabs. Mitchell Marsh, with his 45 last night, will be looking to put in a few more such performances to confirm one of those places. Personally, I don't see Bangladesh tweaking anything this early in the series.
If you're joining us from Australia, keep this page bookmarked since the series will not be shown in your country's televisions. It's the first time in 27 years that an Australia international series will not get TV coverage at home.
5.05pm Welcome to match 2 of 5 in this T20I series between Bangladesh and Australia. We are back less than 24 hours since Bangladesh beat Australia for the first time in the format. Was yesterday a one-off poor batting show by Australia or are there real problems for their batters against spin? We'll find out very soon. You've got Andrew McGlashan and me Sreshth Shah for company all evening.
 Innings Start
That's all from myself Sreshth, Andrew McGlashan and Ranjith P. Remember there's plenty of cricket happening. England v India and the Hundred. Hop over there to enjoy more cricket. See you!
Presentation coming up.
Mahmudullah, winning captain: "It's very pleasing to see Afif and Sohan stand up, carry us to the end. Showed maturity. And up front our bowlers did very well to restrict them to 120. But Shakib was very important with bowling and batting, shows how important he is to the team. Losing few early wickets causing tension in the dressing room, but the way Afif and Sohan (Nurul batted), it was a lot of relief. I think Mustafizur has always been there in these conditions, and effective too. Shoriful bowled really well and all the bowlers chipped in too. We are taking it game by game."
Afif Hossain is the Player of the Match for his match-winning innings: "When I came, I thought I have to stay in the wicket till the end. Whatever the required rate may be, I knew I could manage. We knew we had to stay calm, keep wickets in hand. Sohan (Nurul) bhai played well so there was no pressure on me either.
Matthew Wade, losing captain: "We were in a good position today (with the ball), but unfortunately we struggled the bat in the last four overs. Very disappointing. We were in a good position to get 130s-140s, a good score on this track. Their quicks took pace off well, and we'll look to do better there. The bowlers from both teams have been terrific, we are happy how they are going. Agar was terrific again. Our bowling is definitely not the problem. We've had a game where the top wasn't great, and this time our bottom half with the bat wasn't.
Imam: "Most impressive thing about Afif and Nurul was their attitude and body language. Never looked nervous or under pressure. "
Mahneel: "@Rakib, don't think Afif was shaky even for a moment there, a full crowd would have only added some encouragement to those nerves of steel."
Monir: "Another good news: Bangladesh will host New Zealand for a five-match T20I series from 1 to 10 September. "
The high-adrenaline chase wil make Afif and Nurul heroes this evening, but don't forget the bowling effort. To restrict Australia to 121 is massive, and credit for that goes to Mustafizur and Shoriful firstly, along with the ever consistent spinners.
ajay sharma: "If I was Justin Langer I would simply put Wade at top so he can try funny things, ask selectors to give Khawaja back, debate about Cameron Green and possibly drop Phillipe"
Rakib: "@Shreshth....Full crowd would possibly add more pressure over these youngsters I assume, I'm happy with empty stands!!"
9.30pm A fist pump between the two youngsters who have dragged Bangladesh out of a very deep hole. Even Justin Langer is applauding them. A lone fan is flying the flag on a nearly building's roof. Imagine if we had a full crowd today! The partnership is unbeaten on 56.... to win from 67/5 with Australia's bowlers roaring, it needed a special effort.
Nayeem: "I feel pity now that I did not watch the full chase after Mahmudullah's dismissal due to tension."
cric fan: "2nd Nail in the cofin..3 to come.."
18.4;4;Hazlewood to Afif, FOUR runs back of a length, outside off stump. Sticks the bat out, ramps it over the keeper and Bangladesh have won by 5 wickets!;
18.3;?;Hazlewood to Afif, no run fullish, just outside off stump. Tapped towards backward point for one;
18.2;?;Hazlewood to Afif, no run good length ball around the stumps. Tries to cut, but whizzes past the edge to the keeper;
18.1;1;Hazlewood to Nurul, 1 run good length, just outside off. Hammers a pull to deep backward square leg;
17.6;?;Tye to Afif, no run full, on off. Slower one. Pushed to point with the angled bat;
17.5;?;Tye to Afif, no run good length angling across. Misses the cut;
17.4;4;Tye to Afif, FOUR runs over the vacant slip cordon! Back of a length on leg and angling across. Not in control but he ramps it from close to his chest for four. Quite a thick edge;
17.3;4;Tye to Afif, FOUR runs lofted! And we're into single digits now. Knuckle ball, on middle, and hammered over mid on for four;
17.2;?;Tye to Afif, no run good length, on leg stump. Defended towards the off side;
17.2;1w;Tye to Afif, 1 wide back of a length, outside leg stump. Walks across to pull towards fine leg but misses. Gets the wide though;
17.1;1;Tye to Nurul, 1 run good length, outside off. Nudged to third man for one;
16.6;?;Zampa to Afif, no run full on off stump. Defended to the off side. And that's Zampa done for the night;
16.5;?;Zampa to Afif, no run full outside off, and the googly turns across. Misses the drive;
16.4;1;Zampa to Nurul, 1 run driven through the off side to wide long off for one;
16.3;?;Zampa to Nurul, no run full on off, and googly turns in. Bat-pad to the leg side;
16.2;4;Zampa to Nurul, FOUR runs crunched! Short on off and turning away. Stands tall, doesn't commit early, and slaps a shot over the fielder at cover! Pierces the gap between extra cover and long off;
16.1;?;Zampa to Nurul, no run full on middle. Big stride forward to defend;
15.6;?;Starc to Afif, no run full on leg stump. Misses the flick, hits the pad. Not out though since it's angling down leg;
15.6;1w;Starc to Afif, 1 wide full, outside leg and going further down leg. Misses the flick, and wide once more;
15.5;1;Starc to Nurul, 1 run fullish, on middle, and worked to midwicket for an easy single;
15.4;1;Starc to Afif, 1 run full on off, and driven to long on for a single;
15.4;1w;Starc to Afif, 1 wide yorker length, on leg, and he shuffles across to clip it behind square on the leg side. Past the boot, past leg stump, and the umpire calls it a wide. Perhaps slightly harsh since it would've hit the batter's heel if he stood in his original stance;
15.3;4;Starc to Afif, FOUR runs in the slot, full and wide, and a controlled drive over cover! This was sublime. Right up there with Ganguly, Sangakkara and the other greats. #HoldThePose;
15.2;1;Starc to Nurul, 1 run over the stumps. Fullish, just outside off. Tries to cut, too close to his body, and inside-edged past the stumps towards the keeper. They scamper across for one, and Wade tries to throw the stumps down at the bowler's end, but misses the direct hit. Risky play;
15.1;4;Starc to Nurul, FOUR runs around the stumps, full on middle, and flicked beautifully! Starts the over with a bang, using the pace to nudge it to deep backward square for four!;
14.6;1;Agar to Nurul, 1 run full on middle, and turned off his pads to midwicket for one;
14.5;?;Agar to Nurul, no run good length, outside off and turning away. Cut, to point;
14.4;1;Agar to Afif, 1 run full on off stump, and driven to long on for a single;
14.3;2;Agar to Afif, 2 runs full on middle, and swept. Streaky, under-edged past leg stump to fine leg;
14.2;1;Agar to Nurul, 1 run good length, outside off and turning away. Drags a shot off the back foot to deep midwicket;
14.1;?;Agar to Nurul, no run full from around the stumps on off stump. Firmly blocked;
13.6;?;Zampa to Afif, no run fullish, outside off. Turning away, and cuts to point;
13.5;2;Zampa to Afif, 2 runs full on middle, and he presses forward to defend. Outside edge to third man!;
13.4;?;Zampa to Afif, no run full on middle, and nudged to midwicket;
13.3;?;Zampa to Afif, no run full on middle, and the googly turns across as he looks to work it leg side. Past the edge, and through to the keeper!;
13.2;1;Zampa to Nurul, 1 run overpitched on middle, and flicked to deep midwicket for a single;
13.1;?;Zampa to Nurul, no run full, just outside off, and pushed towards cover. Just short of the fielder;
12.6;6;Tye to Afif, SIX runs the extra ball goes the distance, but only just! Full on his toes, and flicked to deep midwicket. Fielder in the deep, looks like Zampa, is running to the boundary line to take a catch, and although its in his hands, he's gone over the rope. How crucial will those six runs be in a close match?;
12.5;?;Tye to Afif, no run fullish, just outside off. tapped to the off side;
12.4;1;Tye to Nurul, 1 run chops another shot through to the off side for one;
12.3;1;Tye to Afif, 1 run good length, on middle, and chops a cut to deep point;
12.2;1;Tye to Nurul, 1 run good length on middle, and going down leg. Helped along its way to fine leg for one;
12.2;1w;Tye to Nurul, 1 wide back of a length on middle, and goes over his shoulders to the keeper. Just down the leg side, reckons the umpire;
12.1;1;Tye to Afif, 1 run length ball angling across, and cut to the fielder at third man for a single;
11.6;4;Zampa to Nurul, FOUR runs streaky! Good length, outside off stump. Cut just behind point for four;
11.5;?;Zampa to Nurul, no run is he gone? Nope. Fullish, on middle, and googly turning in. Presses forward, hits the pad. Given not out;
11.4;?;Zampa to Nurul, no run full on middle. Defended off the front foot;
11.3;?;Zampa to Nurul, no run overpitched on middle, and flicked to short midwicket. Dives to his left to stop the single;
11.2;W;Zampa to Mahedi Hasan, OUT pays the price by going down the ground! Fullish outside off stump. Skips down the ground and tries to hit it over cover. Turns a lot, goes past the bat, and he's well stranded;Mahedi Hasan st ?Wade b Zampa 23 (41m 24b 0x4 1x6) SR: 95.83;
11.1;?;Zampa to Mahedi Hasan, no run full on off, and the googly is fended off the front foot;
11.1;1w;Zampa to Mahedi Hasan, 1 wide full outside leg, and it slides down the leg side;
10.6;?;Marsh to Afif, no run good length, on off stump. Cut to point;
10.5;2;Marsh to Afif, 2 runs;
10.4;4;Marsh to Afif, FOUR runs brave! Walks down the ground and looks to hammer this back of a length ball through the leg side. Edged over the vacant slip region for four;
10.3;?;Marsh to Afif, no run good length on his pads, and clipped to square leg;
10.2;?;Marsh to Afif, no run trapped lbw? Afif will be disappointed. Full, around leg stump. Looks to clip it leg side but misses. Finger raised, and Afif reviews. Afif will survive only if it pitched outside leg. And hey, it's pitched outside leg! Big reprieve for Afif.;
10.1;?;Marsh to Afif, no run full on off. Presses forward to defend towards the off side;
9.6;?;Agar to Mahedi Hasan, no run edged, doesn't carry to slip but very well stopped by Turner;
9.5;1;Agar to Afif, 1 run nudged off the pads around the corner;
9.4;?;Agar to Afif, no run over the wicket, flicked from outside off to midwicket;
9.3;W;Agar to Mahmudullah, OUT played on! Australia back in it big time. This grips outside off, spins away, he ends up playing miles away from his body and the inside edge finds its back into the stumps;Mahmudullah b Agar 0 (4m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
9.2;1;Agar to Mahedi Hasan, 1 run stretches forward to a full delivery and it squirts off the inside edge backward of square;
9.1;?;Agar to Mahedi Hasan, no run straightens outside off, pushed square;
8.6;?;Tye to Mahmudullah, no run beaten again...full outside off, he comes forward to drive and it shapes past the bat. Nice over from Tye;
8.5;?;Tye to Mahmudullah, no run well bowled, full outside off, just shapes away and beats a prodding stroke;
8.4;?;Tye to Mahmudullah, no run nearly played on! Short outside off, gets on his toes and plays it off the bottom edge not far from off stump;
8.3;W;Tye to Shakib, OUT big response from Tye! Full at off stump, think it was one of his slower balls, Shakib is the latest batter to miss playing across the line and see his off stump go back. Just when Bangladesh were in control;Shakib Al Hasan b Tye 26 (30m 17b 4x4 0x6) SR: 152.94;
8.2;4;Tye to Shakib, FOUR runs wrong line, on the pads, neatly tickled to fine leg;
8.1;2;Tye to Shakib, 2 runs full and wide outside off, drives with an open face through point and nearly finds the rope...good work from Henriques at deep cover;
7.6;1;Zampa to Shakib, 1 run worked into space at midwicket;
7.5;1;Zampa to Mahedi Hasan, 1 run full outside off, stretches forward and taps into the off side...sensible batting after the six;
7.4;6;Zampa to Mahedi Hasan, SIX runs that's more like it! No doubts this time, that's well back over long-off...good footwork and a clean swing through the line;
7.3;1;Zampa to Shakib, 1 run low full toss, the bottom hand comes off the bat as he drives down the ground;
7.2;1;Zampa to Mahedi Hasan, 1 run uses his feet and clubs down the ground to long-on;
7.1;1;Zampa to Shakib, 1 run worked off the pads to square leg;
6.6;?;Agar to Mahedi Hasan, no run backs away to the leg side and is beaten over the top edge as he aims square...I've seen more convincing innings than this, but he's still there. Somehow.;
6.5;?;Agar to Mahedi Hasan, no run nearly gets a leading edge back to the bowler as he aims to the leg side;
6.4;?;Agar to Mahedi Hasan, no run a quicker ball, 94kph, at off stump which is defended;
6.3;2;Agar to Mahedi Hasan, 2 runs would you believe it! Lands short of long-off again. Gets too far underneath it as he goes down the ground;
6.2;1;Agar to Shakib, 1 run a powerful bottom-handed whip from outside off down the ground;
6.1;?;Agar to Shakib, no run huge appeal and given! That's a massive moment. Full and straight, Shakib playing right across it. He's called the review but that looks out. Well, well...it isn't very out at all! Turning to miss leg stump. The initial line was a bit straighter than I first thought;
5.6;2;Hazlewood to Mahedi Hasan, 2 runs short of a length, pulled over midwicket this time, not timed but lands safely;
5.5;2;Hazlewood to Mahedi Hasan, 2 runs short of a length and there's much more control in his stroke as he swivels on a pull off his hips backward of square;
5.4;2;Hazlewood to Mahedi Hasan, 2 runs driven, and just wide of backward point! Not going to hand for Australia at the moment. Was played on the up without much control. A wry smile from Hazlewood;
5.3;1;Hazlewood to Shakib, 1 run full and straight, worked into square leg;
5.2;1;Hazlewood to Mahedi Hasan, 1 run full at middle and off, tight single into midwicket;
5.1;1;Hazlewood to Shakib, 1 run full at off stump, pushed firmly towards mid-off...there's a direct hit but he's home;
4.6;2;Agar to Mahedi Hasan, 2 runs slog sweeps, and doesn't reach deep midwicket this time! He's living a charmed life. Tye couldn't quite make the ground;
4.5;1;Agar to Shakib, 1 run full outside off, whipped firmly to long-on;
4.4;1;Agar to Mahedi Hasan, 1 run flicked off the pads to deep square;
4.3;2;Agar to Mahedi Hasan, 2 runs carved high in the air, but short of long-off! Mahedi trying to go over the off side, stepped away outside leg, the ball spun and he struggled to reach it. Came off the toe end;
4.2;1;Agar to Shakib, 1 run fuller, straighter, worked off the pads to short fine leg;
4.1;?;Agar to Shakib, no run over the wicket, almost through him first ball...beats the inside edge as Shakib aims to the leg side. Wade didn't glove it. Don't think he nicked it;
3.6;?;Hazlewood to Mahedi Hasan, no run short of a length, goes for the pull and the ball ends up at Wade...there's appeals for a few things, but too high for lbw (it clipped the pad) and no bat involved;
3.5;?;Hazlewood to Mahedi Hasan, no run full and brings the drive, takes an inside edge into his boot;
3.4;?;Hazlewood to Mahedi Hasan, no run pushes this fuller at the stumps, he's a little caught on the crease and plays to the on side;
3.4;1w;Hazlewood to Mahedi Hasan, 1 wide a bouncer over off stump and it's too short;
3.3;?;Hazlewood to Mahedi Hasan, no run gets across the crease and plays forward into a fullish delivery outside off;
3.2;?;Hazlewood to Mahedi Hasan, no run hammers a good length at off stump, Mahedi's hurried into his defensive shot;
3.1;W;Hazlewood to Mohammad Naim, OUT off stump goes flying again! It's game on. Hazlewood over the wicket, hits that nagging length where the batter doesn't know whether to play forward or back and it zips past the inside edge;Mohammad Naim b Hazlewood 9 (21m 13b 0x4 0x6) SR: 69.23;
2.6;?;Starc to Shakib, no run and he finishes with a short ball over middle and leg which Shakib can't connect with as he aims to swat it away;
2.5;4;Starc to Shakib, FOUR runs edged, wide of the keeper! Terrific comeback from Starc. In the channel outside off, draws the nick as Shakib gets squared up. Wade can't reach it with a dive and there's no slip. It's all happening;
2.4;4;Starc to Shakib, FOUR runs and again, full at off stump, whipped off the pads through square with terrific timing. Shakib is off and running. Showing his quality as a batter;
2.3;4;Starc to Shakib, FOUR runs full and straight, a lovely piece of timing through the leg side as this is flicked wide of mid-on...a much more composed way of dealing with a very similar delivery that took the wicket;
2.2;W;Starc to Soumya, OUT knocks back off stump! Full and straight, feet stuck in the crease as he swings across the line. Not a percentage shot, really;Soumya Sarkar b Starc 0 (13m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
2.1;?;Starc to Soumya, no run full outside off, driven to cover;
1.6;2;Hazlewood to Mohammad Naim, 2 runs full outside off, steered through the gully/backward point area to third man who can't stop the second;
1.5;?;Hazlewood to Mohammad Naim, no run round the wicket, good length outside off, Naim swings across the line and the ball scoots under the bottom edge...doesn't carry to Wade;
1.4;2;Hazlewood to Mohammad Naim, 2 runs moves across outside off then tucks this off the pads, although effectively around off stump, through square leg;
1.3;?;Hazlewood to Mohammad Naim, no run a shorter delivery, Naim pulls from outside off and finds mid-on;
1.2;2;Hazlewood to Mohammad Naim, 2 runs through the gap! Playing away from his body outside off, flies off the face and somehow threads through backward point;
1.1;?;Hazlewood to Mohammad Naim, no run that's a slog! Good length outside off, Naim tries to swing it through midwicket but loses shape on the stroke and misses;
0.6;1;Starc to Mohammad Naim, 1 run good length outside off, opens the face down to third man again...a challenging opening over from Starc;
0.5;2;Starc to Mohammad Naim, 2 runs playing away from his body, gets a thickish outside edge that runs quickly to third man;
0.4;?;Starc to Mohammad Naim, no run length ball, pushed firmly towards point;
0.3;?;Starc to Mohammad Naim, no run snorting delivery! A short ball which clatters into the helmet as Naim can't sway out of the live. Starc checks he is okay. Naim will be checked over the physio here. Seemed to take the peak of the helmet;
0.2;?;Starc to Mohammad Naim, no run at off stump, short of a length, defended towards point;
0.1;?;Starc to Mohammad Naim, no run back of a length outside off, swings away from the left hander, through to the keeper;

Hello again. Gnasher with you for the start of the chase. Can Australia make a game of it? Mitchell Starc to open up with two slips...
 Innings Start
Australia
Bangladesh
2nd T20I (N), Dhaka, Aug 4 2021, Australia tour of Bangladesh
121/7
123/5
Player of the match is Afif Hossain, BDESH
Bangladesh won by 5 wickets (with 8 balls remaining)
