Data
Considering they were 214 for 6 at one stage, Australia will be happy with this score. Considering they were 286 for 6 at one stage, India won't be dissatisfied either. An edgy little period ahead of India before lunch, but don't expect that to affect Sehwag's approach.
Harbhajan's best figures ever in Australia were 3-101. It took Ashwin one innings to better that, and he wasn't even at his best. Meanwhile, splendid spell from Zaheer. Umesh and Ishant weren't at their best today, though.
109.6;W;Ashwin to Lyon, OUT Ashwin's bowled Lyon round the legs and Australia are bowled out. Quite a strange dismissal. It was fired in full on off stump, Lyon got drastically across and looked to sweep. He missed, and Ashwin pegged back off stump. All out for 333, triple Nelson ends the innings.;Nathan Lyon b Ashwin 6 (15m 11b 1x4 0x6) SR: 54.54;
109.5;1;Ashwin to Pattinson, 1 run tossed up outside off now, Pattinson drives wide of mid-off for a single.;
109.4;1;Ashwin to Lyon, 1 run Lyon pulls out the sweep and gets a single through backward square leg.;
109.3;?;Ashwin to Lyon, no run flight yo Lyon, he presses well forward to defend it.;
109.2;1;Ashwin to Pattinson, 1 run short from Ashwin now, he's dropped a few of them short in this innings. Pattinson whips it into Gambhir at square leg, but he is ok.;
109.1;4;Ashwin to Pattinson, FOUR runs tossed up and swung away! Pattinson is making a good impression here, plonks the front foot across and lashes it over the leg side.;
108.6;?;Khan to Lyon, no run top over, this. Ends with one that snips in off a length, Lyon was playing for the straighter one and ended up inner edging onto the pads and past the stumps.;
108.5;?;Khan to Lyon, no run this one went the other way, Lyon has a smile after failing to lay bat on it. Zaheer is too good for these two at the moment.;
108.4;1;Khan to Pattinson, 1 run gets the single now, opening the face and dabbing to the off side.;
108.3;?;Khan to Pattinson, no run not the first time today that Zaheer has beaten Pattinson comprehensively off the seam. Angles in, straightens, leaving a fumbling bat in its wake and somehow misses the stumps too. Pattinson says, "Well bowled.";
108.2;?;Khan to Pattinson, no run squares him up with one that jags away politely. Pattinson ends up fending it off the outer half towards gully.;
108.1;1;Khan to Lyon, 1 run slow and full on off stump, Lyon scrambles a single to mid-off to relinquish strike.;
45.6;1;Ashwin to Cowan, 1 run pitches outside leg again, Cowan easily works it square for a single.;
45.5;?;Ashwin to Cowan, no run tossed further up, draws Cowan forward and he defends to the off side.;
45.4;?;Ashwin to Cowan, no run length ball, jumps and spins away from Cowan who leaves.;
45.3;1;Ashwin to Ponting, 1 run too many freebies from Ashwin. Another one on the pads, Ponting works it behind square for one.;
45.2;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run tossed up and coming in towards off, Ponting lunges and defends.;
45.1;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run skimmer from Ashwin that skids along, Ponting defends from the crease.;
44.6;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run Ishant is in the middle of an intense spell here. Ends the over with a zipper than angles in and bends away as if on a charm. Cowan didn't look like he was going to get bat on it, and Dhoni had to move away quickly to pouch it.;
44.5;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run shortens the length and gets some seam away from Cowan, who adjusts and guides with an angled face to the off side.;
44.4;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run more like it, skips inside the line and tucks a length ball to the leg side.;
44.3;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run leading edge, safe. Not the first time Cowan's closed the face early. Ishant slants it down the leg side, it was there for the flick, but Cowan was too soon into the shot, and popped the ball towards mid-off.;
44.2;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run slams the bouncer down too short and slipping down the leg side. Cowan ducks under.;
44.1;1;Sharma to Ponting, 1 run Ponting does the smart thing by getting to the non-striker's end against his nemesis. Back of a length on the stumps, jabbed to the off side, sprint.;
107.6;?;Ashwin to Pattinson, no run well fielded. Pattinson works that back down the track with strong wrists, but Ashwin dives to stop the single and keep him away from the strike.;
107.5;?;Ashwin to Pattinson, no run fuller this time, gets Pattinson forward and he defends it back to the bowler.;
107.4;?;Ashwin to Pattinson, no run another short ball, Pattinson works it around towards short leg.;
107.3;?;Ashwin to Pattinson, no run too short, Pattinson hacks it but finds cover.;
107.2;?;Ashwin to Pattinson, no run shorter and big spin away from off stump, Pattinson jabs it away.;
107.1;?;Ashwin to Pattinson, no run tossed up and drifting in, Pattinson defends as it drifts in.;
106.6;?;Yadav to Lyon, no run good leave. Umesh plugs away just outside off and Lyon drags the bat inside the line.;
106.5;?;Yadav to Lyon, no run wide of off stump now, holds its line from a length and Lyon lets it go.;
106.4;?;Yadav to Lyon, no run full length ball on off stump, Lyon defends confidently off the front foot.;
106.3;4;Yadav to Lyon, FOUR runs Spots a carrom-ball in the previous over, and now flicks a full ball with a flourish. Why is he at No. 11 again? Over-pitched and sprayed down the leg side, Lyon wrists it away superbly for four.;
106.2;1;Yadav to Pattinson, 1 run well played. Length ball angled across Pattinson, who drops it to point for one. Over to Lyon.;
106.1;?;Yadav to Pattinson, no run short of a length on off stump, Pattinson defends down the track.;
43.6;?;Ashwin to Cowan, no run flight to end the over, Cowan dead bats.;
43.5;?;Ashwin to Cowan, no run loopy ball outside leg and turns towards off. Cowan defends off the front foot.;
43.4;1;Ashwin to Ponting, 1 run tossed up on the stumps, Ponting lunges across and sweeps well to the deep for a single.;
43.3;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run the quicker one that doesn't turn. Ponting covers the line and defends.;
43.2;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run better, gets it outside off and spins it in. Ponting defends.;
43.1;2;Ashwin to Ponting, 2 runs Ashwin's radar is firmly in the Off mode. Another offbreak lands on middle and spins away to allow Ponting a sweep for a couple.;
42.6;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run Cowan presses the front foot outside the line of off stump as he defends. He's hit on the pad but outside the line of off.;
42.5;1;Sharma to Ponting, 1 run on the pads, Ponting tucks it with the angle for a single.;
42.4;?;Sharma to Ponting, no run edged, short of point. Ponting nearly nailed by a monster legcutter. It landed back of a length and absolutely took off as Ponting pressed forward. It kissed the glove as Ponting pressed forward, jumped on to hit his shoulder and ballooned to point. Gambhir was too far back to get under it in time.;
42.3;1;Sharma to Cowan, 1 run Cowan's gifted his 50th run on debut! He's played beautifully. Back of a length and a touch of nip away, he dabs it to the vacant off side field and trots across.;
42.2;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run full ball wide of off stump and Cowan leaves,.;
42.1;1;Sharma to Ponting, 1 run full toss on the toes, Ponting flicks to deep square leg. These two have added 100, and how!;
41.6;?;Ashwin to Cowan, no run turn and bounce away from the left hander. Cowan was born knowing where his off stump is.;
41.5;2;Ashwin to Cowan, 2 runs two good balls, followed by a release ball. Cowan nurdles through square leg for a couple.;
41.4;?;Ashwin to Cowan, no run The skidder, it held its line after landing on off and middle, even came back in a touch. Cowan didn't know what it was doing. Inside edged onto the boot.;
41.3;?;Ashwin to Cowan, no run tossed up deliciously on leg and turning away. Cowan leaves, and it spins past off stump.;
41.2;1;Ashwin to Ponting, 1 run too much turn now, defended with the angle to square leg for one.;
41.1;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run not much turn, Ashwin zips it straight off and length and Ponting defends.;
40.6;1;Sharma to Ponting, 1 run blocks with ultra-soft hands and this time Zaheer has no chance. A single pinched from under India's noses.;
40.5;?;Sharma to Ponting, no run pitched up on the stumps, Ponting drives it back right out of the screws. Ishant does really well to put the right hand out and stop it.;
40.4;?;Sharma to Ponting, no run short of a length outside off, Ponting stands tall and cracks it square straight to point.;
40.3;?;Sharma to Ponting, no run pitched up on the stumps, Ponting punches with the angle to a clumsy Zaheer at mid-on, who does enough to stop a single.;
40.2;1;Sharma to Cowan, 1 run short and wide outside off, Cowan forces it away through gully for a single to the deep.;
40.1;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run pitched up to Cowan, who unfurls the high elbow as he cover-drives to cover.;
39.6;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run that one held its line and bounced extra. One of Ashwin's tricks. Ponting was taken by surprise after shaping to play with the turn.;
39.5;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run tossed up over the eye line and it dips on Ponting, who defends without a worry.;
39.4;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run turning in from short of a length, Ponting defends.;
39.3;1;Ashwin to Cowan, 1 run fired in on the pads, Cowan turns it with the angle past Gambhir at backward square leg.;
39.2;?;Ashwin to Cowan, no run well bowled, spin away from middle and leg after drawing Cowan forward. Outside edge runs away through point.;
39.1;?;Ashwin to Cowan, no run Ashwin slips down Cowan's leg side now.;
38.6;?;Sharma to Ponting, no run fuller to end the over, Australia well on top now. Ponting defends off the front foot.;
38.5;?;Sharma to Ponting, no run that straightened from a length, Ponting adjusted and defended to the off side from the crease.;
38.4;?;Sharma to Ponting, no run hits the pads as he shoulders arms! Big appeal, but surely wasn't doing enough to hit the stumps. Landed well outside off and jagged in, Ponting hopped outside the line and was struck outside off, but that doesn't matter since he wasn't playing a shot. The ball was missing the stumps, though.;
38.3;1;Sharma to Cowan, 1 run back of a length and angled into the pads, Cowan works it behind square nicely for a single.;
38.2;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run back of a length outside off, not enough in it to suck Cowan into a false stroke.;
38.1;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run pitched up outside off, defended solidly off the front foot.;
37.6;1;Ashwin to Cowan, 1 run too short and too wide. A case of Harbahajanitis for Ashwin here - utter inconsistency of lines and lengths. Cowan hacks it in front of square for a single.;
37.5;?;Ashwin to Cowan, no run tossed up on the stumps, Cowan defends.;
37.4;?;Ashwin to Cowan, no run fuller ball, Cowan props the front foot forward and defends.;
37.3;?;Ashwin to Cowan, no run spins away from middle and off, Cowan defends to the off side with the turn.;
37.2;3;Ashwin to Ponting, 3 runs fifty for Ponting, doesn't come in the most graceful fashion, but it will do. Tossed up on the stumps, he tries to lever it over midwicket and miscues it to send it squarer than he'd have wanted. But he gets three and gets a standing ovation. Well played!;
37.1;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run floater from Ashwin, Ponting stays behind it and defends.;
36.6;1;Sharma to Ponting, 1 run attacks the stumps from wide of the stumps, Ponting tucks it behind square to move to 49. Ominous for the visitors, this! Ponting relishes them when he's in form, and he's getting there slowly.;
36.5;?;Sharma to Ponting, no run good length ball on off stump, Ponting leans out and defends solidly.;
36.4;1;Sharma to Cowan, 1 run nipped into Cowan's pads, he nudges it square for a single.;
36.3;1;Sharma to Ponting, 1 run that jagged in, Ponting left himself prone after lunging across exaggeratedly, and ended up poking it off the pad to the leg side for one.;
36.2;4;Sharma to Ponting, FOUR runs hops and steer! Ponting rises onto the toes to get atop a short ball and waves it away with the assuredness of a symphony conductor. The ball dances away his tunes, through the cover-point area this time.;
36.1;?;Sharma to Ponting, no run starts with a short and wide ball outside off. Ponting stays out of the way.;
35.6;1;Ashwin to Ponting, 1 run short again to Ponting now and he pulls it square for a single.;
35.5;3;Ashwin to Cowan, 3 runs too short. Inconsistent from Ashwin. Cowan hacks him through point for three.;
35.4;?;Ashwin to Cowan, no run;
35.3;?;Ashwin to Cowan, no run quicker through the air, Cowan isn't quite sure where that went, but keeps it away.;
35.2;?;Ashwin to Cowan, no run that spins away from a length and is defended.;
35.1;2;Ashwin to Cowan, 2 runs Cowan works Ashwin with the angle to the leg side for a couple.;
34.6;2lb;Khan to Ponting, 2 leg byes slow loopy bouncer, too slow for Ponting to time the pull and he gets it away off the pad for freebies.;
34.5;?;Khan to Ponting, no run Ponting gets nicely across and defends to the leg side of the pitch.;
34.4;?;Khan to Ponting, no run full ball on off stump, Ponting leans forward to defend.;
34.3;?;Khan to Ponting, no run that seamed away from a length, Ponting lets it go.;
34.2;?;Khan to Ponting, no run too wide of off stump to start off, Ponting isn't bothered.;
34.1;2;Khan to Ponting, 2 runs Zaheer slants one across to Ponting, who leans into it like a well-oiled machine and slides it off the face through point.;
33.6;?;Ashwin to Cowan, no run tossed up dolly outside off to end the over, Cowan lets it go as it spins big, but it was too far outside off. Interesting, very interesting over from Ashwin.;
33.5;?;Ashwin to Cowan, no run another forcing cut to a short ball on middle and off. Ashwin sends it down without much tweak, and Cowan can't resist that shot.;
33.4;?;Ashwin to Cowan, no run stays back in the crease and defends watchfully as Ashwin gets some rip.;
33.3;?;Ashwin to Cowan, no run draws him out of the crease with flight, and beats him in the trajectory. Cowan is forced to drive from away from the body towards mid-off.;
33.2;?;Ashwin to Cowan, no run fuller, Cowan leans out and defends off the front foot.;
33.1;?;Ashwin to Cowan, no run curls in from round the stumps and straightens to cramp Cowan even as he looks to cut. Dangerous choice of stroke to one that's not spinning much.;
32.6;1;Khan to Cowan, 1 run on the middle and leg line to end the over, Cowan tucks it around to square leg for a single. Zaheer's been average after that first spell.;
32.5;?;Khan to Cowan, no run that snapped back in from a length, Cowan shoulders arms as it came in.;
32.4;?;Khan to Cowan, no run back of a length outside off, Cowan holds the bat away from harm's way.;
32.3;?;Khan to Cowan, no run three in three outside off, and another leave.;
32.2;?;Khan to Cowan, no run Zaheer wobbles one away from a length, and Cowan lets it go again.;
32.1;?;Khan to Cowan, no run full length stuff outside Cowan's off stump, he leans across and leaves.;
31.6;4;Yadav to Ponting, FOUR runs whipped in the air but safely away. Ponting's always tended to fall over while playing the flick and this ball was angling in particularly sharply. He played it in the air, to the left of the diving man at midwicket and the ball rocketed along to the fence.;
31.5;?;Yadav to Ponting, no run angled in at pace, Ponting shuffles into line and defends to the leg side.;
31.4;1;Yadav to Cowan, 1 run good ball, catches Cowan in-between forward and back. He inner edges onto his boot and takes a single.;
31.3;3;Yadav to Ponting, 3 runs the moment it is half short, Ponting pounces on it. This wagonwheel will make for interesting reading. Through midwicket now for a triad.;
31.2;?;Yadav to Ponting, no run full again, draws Ponting forward into a lunging push into the off side.;
31.1;?;Yadav to Ponting, no run sheer pace. Full and fast on the stumps and Ponting is late coming down on it. He gets it away to the off side.;
30.6;1;Khan to Ponting, 1 run he's decided to pull everything today. Another one guided well to deep square leg for one.;
30.5;?;Khan to Ponting, no run similar ball, Ponting gets across and leaves assuredly.;
30.4;?;Khan to Ponting, no run angled across wide of off stump, Ponting hops and skips before shouldering arms.;
30.3;?;Khan to Ponting, no run punchy from Ponting, gets forward and middles it off the full face into the covers.;
30.2;?;Khan to Ponting, no run that kept low, much too low for the pull. Did Ponting just misread the length? Wasn't very short and sneaked in under the bat to hit the thigh and head towards the slips.;
30.1;?;Khan to Ponting, no run pitched well up to Ponting from over the stumps, defended off the front foot.;
29.6;?;Yadav to Cowan, no run through him with a quick yorker! Cowan blinks away in befuddlement after missing the line completely. The ball missed his inner edge and his stumps. if only Yadav had got that on line with the stumps ...;
29.5;2;Yadav to Cowan, 2 runs that potion is sure helping. Cowan plants another full ball into the covers. For a habitual leaver, he doesn't necessarily get close to the pitch of the ball when he drives, but he knows what lengths to go after.;
29.4;?;Yadav to Cowan, no run pitched up well outside off, Cowan lets it go to the keeper.;
29.3;?;Yadav to Cowan, no run short of a length on the stumps, Cowan squares up well and defends.;
29.2;4;Yadav to Cowan, FOUR runs he's opening up now! And just as well, after doing the hard work before lunch. Short of a length outside off, not much width at all, and Cowan once again manages to impart power on a hack close to the body. Very Hussey-esque and gets him four behind point.;
29.1;?;Yadav to Cowan, no run full length from over the stumps, Cowan pushes it down the track off the front foot.;
28.6;1;Khan to Cowan, 1 run and well run now. Zaheer probes away on a full length, and Cowan turns it to midwicket for a single.;
28.5;?;Khan to Cowan, no run one of those sneaky Zaheer variations. Haven't seen a replay, but it seemed to be a legcutter that straightened from a full length. Cowan dealt with it well as he defended off the front foot to the off side.;
28.4;?;Khan to Cowan, no run fuller length to Cowan now, he leans out and defends to cover.;
28.3;?;Khan to Cowan, no run wobbles away from a length outside off stump, and Cowan shoulders arms.;
28.2;1lb;Khan to Ponting, 1 leg bye hmm, Ponting shuffles right across and nudges a leg stump ball behind square for one. That was heading for the furniture. Australia have a 100.;
28.1;?;Khan to Ponting, no run back of a length and across Punter, who stays behind it and defends to the off side.;
27.6;?;Yadav to Cowan, no run tight line, short of a length on middle and leg, forcing Cowan to stay on the crease and defend to the off side.;
27.5;?;Yadav to Cowan, no run Yadav goes wider outside off, Cowan doesn't get tempted now, and leaves.;
27.4;4;Yadav to Cowan, FOUR runs edged, four more! Short and a touch wide of off stump, Cowan plays one of his more ordinary shots - he cranks it up and over gully. He didn't have room to clear the fielder comfortably, but did just enough.;
27.3;4;Yadav to Cowan, FOUR runs spanked! Cowan can pull too. Yadav bangs it in, Cowan does a good impression of Hussey as he pulled the weight back after getting forward. The ball clatters through square leg. Australia are flying.;
27.2;?;Yadav to Cowan, no run full and wider of off stump, Cowan sees it through to Dhoni.;
27.1;?;Yadav to Cowan, no run Yadav whangs it in short of a length, Cowan stays steady and defends to the off side.;
26.6;?;Khan to Ponting, no run angled across at polite, inviting pace. Ponting chooses to leave.;
26.5;?;Khan to Ponting, no run there, he goes fuller now inviting outside off, drawing Ponting into a drive, but he's too early on it and not in the best position. Inside edged to the leg side.;
26.4;?;Khan to Ponting, no run that's more like it from Zaheer. Seams this in from a length and traps Ponting on the crease as he tries to cover the line. Negotiated without much conviction.;
26.3;?;Khan to Ponting, no run back of a length, Ponting is still looking to get forward and defends.;
26.2;?;Khan to Ponting, no run fuller length, draws Ponting confidently forward and he defends towards mid-off.;
26.1;4;Khan to Ponting, FOUR runs he's pulling everything! Off the front foot. Vintage Ponting. Sloppy ball from Zak, slow and sitting up. Ponting presses forward, has time to wait and stabilise before cracking it in the air through square leg.;
25.6;3;Yadav to Ponting, 3 runs the backfoot punch now! Ponting stands tall in the crease and redirects a short of length ball in front of cover-point. Only the very best of batsmen can play that shot that well. Ponting is one of them.;
25.5;4;Yadav to Ponting, FOUR runs too short, Ponting is rolling along now. He sees it early as it slants down the line and bangs the pull along behind square leg. This is a lazy start from India after the break.;
25.4;1;Yadav to Cowan, 1 run Yadav holds it back, Cowan hangs in the crease and dabs to point for one.;
25.3;4;Yadav to Cowan, FOUR runs glorious! Oh, the joys of a flowing cover drive in Boxing Day! Pitch it up to Cowan and he unfurls utter joy upon you. Leans out, gets near the pitch of the ball and laces it into the covers. Even the ball felt gracious to roll away through the covers.;
25.2;?;Yadav to Cowan, no run back of a length, Cowan hangs back and defends to the off side.;
25.1;?;Yadav to Cowan, no run slipped in well wide of Cowan from over the stumps and he lets it go.;
24.6;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run better length, full on off stump and Ponting covers it well to defend to the leg side.;
24.5;4;Ashwin to Ponting, FOUR runs poor from Ashwin, is the wet ball slipping? This one is short and spins down the leg side, Ponting guides the pull away to fine leg for four. Easy runs.;
24.4;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run short of a length and spinning in from outside off. Defended from the crease.;
24.3;2;Ashwin to Ponting, 2 runs too short and wide to Ponting, he lunges back and slaps it square. Kohli palms it away at point, to cut the boundary.;
24.2;1;Ashwin to Cowan, 1 run flatter ball on the stumps, Cowan hangs back and works it square for one.;
24.1;?;Ashwin to Cowan, no run tossed up outside off and spin away from Cowan who leaves.;
23.6;?;Khan to Ponting, no run back of a length on the stumps, Ponting goes back and defends from the crease.;
23.5;?;Khan to Ponting, no run slower ball, pitches it up on a full length and Ponting defends very carefully.;
23.4;?;Khan to Ponting, no run back of a length from round the stumps, and Ponting defends from the crease.;
23.3;1;Khan to Cowan, 1 run short of a length on off stump, Cowan pushes to the covers and they get another quick single away.;
23.2;?;Khan to Cowan, no run Zaheer hides the seam as he chugs in, and puts it on a good length. Cowan watches carefully and defends to the off side as it straightens.;
23.1;?;Khan to Cowan, no run back of a length and seaming in, defended from the crease.;
22.6;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run decent first over for Ashwin as he gets a feel of the Kookaburra. Over-pitched on off stump, and dug back to the bowler.;
22.5;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run pitched well up, Ponting leans out to drive to mid-off.;
22.4;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run spin already, and quite a bit of it. And bounce. Ponting chooses to offer no shot as it jumps and turns back in. It hits the elbow and goes harmlessly to the leg side.;
22.3;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run tossed up and spinning in a touch, Ponting leans out to smother.;
22.2;1;Ashwin to Cowan, 1 run short ball outside leg, Cowan nudges behind square for a single.;
22.1;?;Ashwin to Cowan, no run lots of drift on that, in ended on leg stump and was worked to the leg side.;
21.6;1;Khan to Cowan, 1 run Cowan's first false shot of the morning? A probing full length ball gets him to close the face too soon on the front foot and he gets a leading edge towards covers.;
21.5;?;Khan to Cowan, no run short of a length outside off, Cowan leans out and lets it go.;
21.4;?;Khan to Cowan, no run Zaheer's struggling a bit with the lines here. Slanted well down the left-hander's leg stump now.;
21.3;1;Khan to Ponting, 1 run he may be old, but few man go between the wickets faster than Ponting. Length ball outside off, pushed to cover with soft hands and he sprints away for one.;
21.2;?;Khan to Ponting, no run better line and on a good length. Ponting is drawn forward into defending to mid-off.;
21.1;?;Khan to Ponting, no run awry from Zaheer, angles this very wide down the leg side and Ponting doesn't have to bother about it.;
20.6;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run another smart leave. Cowan stays on the crease and yanks the bat out of the line after seeing that Ishant's length ball isn't jagging back in.;
20.5;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run gets the away seam going now, and picks up the edge. Cowan knew he was tricked into it, but adjusted well to soften the grip and guide it down to gully. Sehwag at gully tumbles and stops.;
20.4;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run fuller length, draws a watchful Cowan forward and he defends with the bat making an impressive acute angle with the turf as he meets the ball.;
20.3;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run short ball on the ribs, Cowan hops and nudges to the leg side.;
20.2;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run good stuff this. Cowan's leaving balls barely inches away from off, and he's doing it with conviction. Ishant keeps slanting them in from outside off, on a length.;
20.1;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run full and searching on off and middle, Cowan gets the front foot across and defends to the leg side.;
19.6;?;Khan to Ponting, no run the trademark Ponting lunge across outside off, to defend a length ball to the off side.;
19.5;?;Khan to Ponting, no run that's better, full length on middle and off, and straightening down the line. Ponting defends even as he adjusts to cover the line.;
19.4;?;Khan to Ponting, no run cuts the angle and bends this in towards Ponting, who covers the line and defends.;
19.3;4;Khan to Ponting, FOUR runs that's the third time Ponting has fallen down today. Won't mind doing it a few more times, after playing such lovely strokes. Too short, too slow and too inviting from Zak. Ponting pulps the pull behind square, slips on the pivot and tumbles. The ball is through to the boundary by the time he recovers.;
19.2;?;Khan to Ponting, no run pitched up on off stump, Ponting is drawn forward and defends off the front foot.;
19.1;?;Khan to Ponting, no run slow back of a length ball, on middle and leg, Ponting defends from the crease.;
18.6;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run easy leave this time, angles in with the angle wide of off stump and Cowan lets go.;
18.5;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run lovely ball. Ishant's working the angles beautifully here. Drags this down back of a length, a subtle offcutter that snaps away - Cowan tries to cover the line, but no cigar.;
18.4;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run Ishant hangs it back outside off, Cowan stays put and lets it go.;
18.3;4;Sharma to Cowan, FOUR runs top shot. Cowan's best of the morning. Ishant goes a yard fuller than the previous ball, Cowan leans across towards the line, drives through the line, bends the back knee and proffers high elbow as the ball flashes across the greens in the covers. Glorious.;
18.2;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run dream ball. Did everything but get the wicket. Zipped in from wide of the stumps and then went away madly. Cowan got forward and across, and played at it, but couldn't get bat on it.;
18.1;1;Sharma to Ponting, 1 run full length to Ponting, he isn't yet getting well forward. Covers the line and defends to the off side for a single.;
17.6;?;Yadav to Cowan, no run super shot, and stupendous fielding. Kohli does considerably improve the average fielding ability of this side. Over-pitched outside off and drilled through the line. Kohli flies away at mid-off to stop a sure four.;
17.5;?;Yadav to Cowan, no run whoa, Umesh is cranking it up! Cowan cops one on the elbow now. Short ball, angling in menacingly and Cowan gets into no position after pressing his front foot too far across. He looks away as leather thuds into his right elbow.;
17.4;?;Yadav to Cowan, no run sprayed across, too wide of off stump this time. Cowan lets go.;
17.3;?;Yadav to Cowan, no run ah, he sends down a Ponting ball to the left hander. Cowan lets it go wide down the leg side.;
17.2;3;Yadav to Ponting, 3 runs full again, Ponting gets it away but he again falls over in eagerness as he looks to flick. Scampers back for three as the ball whistles through square leg.;
17.1;?;Yadav to Ponting, no run Yadav attacks the stumps with open-chested intent and pace. Ponting crunches down on it and defends to mid-on.;
16.6;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run well bowled and nicely played. Short of a length outside off, Cowan does a good Alastair Cook impression as he covers the line and pokes it away softly.;
16.5;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run full length ball outside off, Cowan leans forward and defends.;
16.4;1;Sharma to Ponting, 1 run the first misfield of the series. Ishant isn't allowed to work six balls at Ponting as Zaheer fumbles at mid-on. The yorker, Ponting pushes it unconvincingly and gets the single eventually.;
16.3;2;Sharma to Ponting, 2 runs short ball, didn't take long for Ishant to try that. Ponting takes him on and pulls square for a couple. In position early this time.;
16.2;?;Sharma to Ponting, no run goes a touch fuller, and slightly wide of off stump. Ponting jumps across and defends to the off side.;
16.1;?;Sharma to Ponting, no run and he's through him immediately. Back of a length outside off and seaming in off the straight as Ponting shuffles across and looks to cover the line. No cookie, the ball slips between bat and body, and misses the stumps.;
15.6;1;Yadav to Ponting, 1 run stupendous stuff from Umesh. He slips in a quick yorker, and Ponting falls over and tumbles in the crease as he jams down on it. Well played in the end, but the bouncer was clearly on the back of his mind.;
15.5;?;Yadav to Ponting, no run play or leave? Ponting doesn't make his mind in time and steers it off the face of the bat as he was dragging it away. The ball rolls to MSD>;
15.4;2;Yadav to Ponting, 2 runs fuller length on the pads, Ponting is away. Skips into line and works it away square for a couple.;
15.3;?;Yadav to Ponting, no run good morning Mr. Ponting! And hallelujah to helmet manufacturers! Yadav sends down a super fast bouncer, Ponting goes for the pull.. Some years ago, he might have carted that into the stands, but he wasn't quick enough on this one. It rolls off the forearm and jabs him on the grill, and drops close to the stumps. Ponting is rattled, but has the presence of mind to kick it away. Ts'all happenin'!;
15.2;?;Yadav to Ponting, no run too wide of off stump, seams away from a length. Ponting leaves.;
15.1;W;Yadav to Marsh, OUT Yadav's got another! Wickets are coming like London buses suddenly. What a soft dismissal, that. Yadav put it up on a really good length. Full and just wide of off stump, no movement, Marsh walks into a feeble drive without bothering to keep it down. Did it come on slower than he thought? His feet were nowhere as he went for it. Simple catch straight into Kohli's hands at gully.;Shaun Marsh c Kohli b Yadav 0 (11m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
14.6;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run another one, Ishant slants it down the leg side and Cowan stays put inside the line.;
14.5;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run zippy from Ishant. Whanged back of a length, and down the leg side. Cowan managed to get inside the line and keep the bat, and his chest, out of the way. Good ball, well handled.;
14.4;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run length ball, hits the deck and holds its line. Normal service for Cowan - he leaves.;
14.3;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run full and just wide of off stump, even Cowan is cowed into playing at this one, thanks to the change in angle. Defends to the off side.;
14.2;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run angled across Cowan, impressive carry from Ishant, and Cowan lets go.;
14.1;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run short of a length on the stumps, Cowan hangs behind the crease and defends.;
13.6;?;Yadav to Marsh, no run goes full and gets the ball to bend in to end a very impressive over. Marsh leans well outside the line and lets it go.;
13.5;?;Yadav to Marsh, no run back of a length outside off, Marsh stays on the crease and lets it go.;
13.4;?;Yadav to Marsh, no run offcutter at pace outside off, Marsh negotiates it better this time.;
13.3;?;Yadav to Marsh, no run shortens the length, gets the ball to seam in sharply and Marsh is caught on the crease. Fended uncomfortably to the off side.;
13.2;?;Yadav to Marsh, no run good ball, zips in from round the stumps as Marsh wanders across. That saved him, he was hit on the pad, but outside off.;
13.1;W;Yadav to Warner, OUT didn't take long coming, that wicket, after the break. Yadav's sent Warner on his way. This was a set-up, and Warner couldn't resist. Square leg went back, suggesting there could be a bumper round the corner. It came immediately, it was quite pacy, it wasn't outside off like the last time, and Warner couldn't quite slot the hook away. He was cramped for room, but still went for it with hard hands. It lobbed off the glove to the leg side, and Dhoni took it easy.;David Warner c ?Dhoni b Yadav 37 (59m 49b 4x4 1x6) SR: 75.51;
12.6;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run back of a length and angling in to middle and leg. Makes Cowan defend.;
12.5;1;Sharma to Warner, 1 run on the pads, Warner nudges with hard hands to the leg side for a single.;
12.4;?;Sharma to Warner, no run fuller length on the middle and leg line, Warner gets forward and defends to mid-on.;
12.3;?;Sharma to Warner, no run too wide of off to trouble anyone, except Dhoni who skips across to collect.;
12.2;?;Sharma to Warner, no run back of a length, this one straightens, and Warner dabs to the leg side. He doesn't look good when he defends, does he? But when he isn't....;
12.1;?;Sharma to Warner, no run peach of the morning from Ishant. Not a bad loosener. A horror offcutter that lands short of a length around leg and middle and snaps across. Warner is left fumbling in its wake. Squared up, but no edge.;
11.6;1;Yadav to Warner, 1 run superb comeback from Yadav. Slips this one much fuller, Warner didn't expect that length and was stuck on the crease. He played all over it and inside edged to the leg side for one.;
11.5;6;Yadav to Warner, SIX runs and the first six of the series! What a statement from Warner, he's carted Umesh Yadav into the midwicket stands. Short ball angling in at pace, Warner is ready in a trice and slams the pull without any intention of keeping it down. Hayden would approve of this sort of opening.;
11.4;?;Yadav to Warner, no run shortens the length and cuts out the angle, Warner defends.;
11.3;4;Yadav to Warner, FOUR runs that's the sort of carving that would come handy during Thanksgiving! Pitched up in the slot, Warner lunges across and bashes it with a vengeance through the covers. Straight bat? What's that?;
11.2;1;Yadav to Cowan, 1 run shortens the length, Cowan defends to the off side for one.;
11.1;4;Yadav to Cowan, FOUR runs and Cowan gets the hint. No one surpasses The Phantom. Yadav pitches this up on off stump, and Cowan laces it down the ground. Supreme stroke.;
10.6;?;Khan to Warner, no run appeal for lbw but not the most convincing. Zaheer slips one in with the angle and catches Warner on the way, but I reckon he was outside off.;
10.5;?;Khan to Warner, no run big inward seam but too short and a touch too wide to concern Warner, who swings the bat out of the way and lets it go.;
10.4;?;Khan to Warner, no run back of a length on the pads, nudged to the leg side on the hop. More pace on that than normal, from Zaheer.;
10.3;?;Khan to Warner, no run angled down the leg side, Warner is inside the line and lets it go.;
10.2;?;Khan to Warner, no run lets this one go, though. Wider of off stump and seaming away.;
10.1;?;Khan to Warner, no run Zaheer continues to get the ball to hoop away from a length. Warner isn't bothered with leaving much, though. Jabs it away to the off side from the crease.;
9.6;?;Yadav to Cowan, no run interesting end to the over, Umesh jags this in marginally from short of a length and gets impressive lift. Cowan does what he does best - shoulders arms - and is hit on the thigh.;
9.5;?;Yadav to Cowan, no run good ball to Cowan, probably more daring to pitch it up to Cowan. It seamed across from middle and leg, and Cowan defended to the off side.;
9.4;1;Yadav to Warner, 1 run Umesh isn't getting much seam movement out of the Kookaburra. Yet. Back of a length outside off, and Warner punches wide of mid-off for a single.;
9.3;?;Yadav to Warner, no run back of a length, hits the bat hard this time as Warner stays on the crease and defends.;
9.2;2;Yadav to Warner, 2 runs short of a length, and Warner's muscled wrists comes into play. The ball doesn't come on, and Warner slaps it through midwicket for a couple.;
9.1;?;Yadav to Warner, no run Umesh lands a pacy length ball on leg stump and seams it in. Perfect ball for Ricky Ponting, who isn't out there yet, though. Ends up outside leg as Warner looks to tuck it square, and gets hit on the pad.;
8.6;1lb;Khan to Warner, 1 leg bye bit of extra lift on a length ball that shaped in towards the hips. Warner skips inside the line and fends it off the hips behind square for one legbye.;
8.5;?;Khan to Warner, no run short of a length outside off and seaming away, he lets it go.;
8.4;?;Khan to Warner, no run fuller length, Warner gets forward and defends solidly to the off side.;
8.3;?;Khan to Warner, no run back of a length, defended from the crease as it angles in.;
8.2;?;Khan to Warner, no run Warner covers the line this time, stays back in the crease and defends backward of point.;
8.1;?;Khan to Warner, no run beaten by a Zak jaffa. The ball's on a thread, and yo-yos away from a length. Warner pokes at it and isn't good enough to nick it.;
7.6;?;Yadav to Cowan, no run wastes the last ball, over-pitched miles outside off. Cowan doesn't bother about it. The first half hour has gone to Australia after a couple of nervy moments.;
7.5;?;Yadav to Cowan, no run fuller and a touch wider, Cowan knows this isn't heading to the stumps and lets it go.;
7.4;?;Yadav to Cowan, no run good probing stuff this. Holds the length back, gets the ball to come back in subtly. Not that Cowan's tempted into playing at it.;
7.3;?;Yadav to Cowan, no run angled across, Cowan gets the front foot across and shoulders arms.;
7.2;?;Yadav to Cowan, no run another leave from Cowan, Umesh gets this to straighten marginally from short of a length.;
7.1;?;Yadav to Cowan, no run whanged down from over the stumps across Cowan, who watches it through to MSD.;
6.6;?;Khan to Warner, no run finishes with a full ball on the stumps, and Warner defends down the track.;
6.5;2;Khan to Warner, 2 runs short of a length, Warner promptly falls back in the crease and steers through point.;
6.4;?;Khan to Warner, no run on a length around off stump and straightening, Warner meets it with a proud forward press and defends down the pitch.;
6.3;2;Khan to Warner, 2 runs back of a length, that stopped on Warner, but he adjusted well and dabbed it softly into the covers with a flat bat for a couple.;
6.2;?;Khan to Warner, no run holds the length back and goes wider, Warner lets it go.;
6.1;4;Khan to Warner, FOUR runs smashed! Brutalised in the air. Zaheer pitches it up outside off, Warner is already a yard outside the crease and lunges forward into position. The biceps then take over, cfracking the ball on the up through covers. Sehwag must have a wry smiling seeing this sort of batting!;
5.6;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run short of a length on middle and leg, Cowan defends solidly.;
5.5;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run pitched right up, Cowan gets into a very good position for the drive, but doesn't time it too well. Mid-off is in the way.;
5.4;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run ah, Ishant seams this one in, and it whistles past off stump at pace as Cowan lets go again.;
5.3;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run gets closer to off stump, and to the short-of-good-length, Cowan doesn't have a fiddle.;
5.2;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run another leave outside off, Ishant probes away without getting it to bend back in.;
5.1;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run pitched up to Cowan and angling across, this man's living up to his reputation as one of the best leavers in Australia.;
4.6;?;Khan to Warner, no run short of a length and wide of off stump, Warner lets it go - he looks much more settled than he did in the first 10 minutes.;
4.5;?;Khan to Warner, no run pitched up, and crammed through the line, he can't beat wide mid-off though.;
4.4;?;Khan to Warner, no run that jagged in from wider of off stump. Warner leaves, and in the end a pretty good leave too. But he will be concerned by how close to off stump it got.;
4.3;?;Khan to Warner, no run it's amazing how Zaheer gets the ball to dangle in without changing his action. This one comes in sharply and Warner defends well to the leg side.;
4.2;?;Khan to Warner, no run holds the length back and gets the ball to straighten outside off. Warner resists.;
4.1;2;Khan to Warner, 2 runs boy, Warner's bat is all middle when he drives down the ground. This was barely a check-drive to a full length ball outside off. Beats mid-off easy.;
3.6;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run wasted ball down the leg side, Cowan doesn't bother fiddling with it.;
3.5;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run full length, there for the drive and Cowan punches it back to Ishant who fields on his follow through.;
3.4;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run Cowan gets across and tucks the bat inside the line as Ishant angles across.;
3.3;3;Sharma to Warner, 3 runs shot Warner. Length from Ishant, tester on off stump, and Warner is up to the challenge as he plants it past the bowler down the ground. Super solid punch, that.;
3.2;?;Sharma to Warner, no run short of a length and on off stump, Warner defends.;
3.1;1;Sharma to Cowan, 1 run on the pads again from Ishant, Cowan nurdles it round the corner for a single.;
2.6;?;Khan to Warner, no run beaten again to end the over. Zaheer curls it away from a length, more exaggerated than so far today, and Warner didn't have a chance as he tried to cover the line from the crease.;
2.5;?;Khan to Warner, no run shortens the length and beats him immediately. Warner again looks to get forward, but realises the length isn't there and has a fish for it as Zaheer moves it away deliciously.;
2.4;4;Khan to Warner, FOUR runs cracking from Warner. Give him width and he'll go after it with a vengeance. Full ball just outside off, Warner trots forward and smokes it square. Kohli gives chase, but the ball had too much pace on it.;
2.3;?;Khan to Warner, no run he's attacking the pads again, Warner gets into better position and works towards midwicket.;
2.2;?;Khan to Warner, no run appeal for caught behind, not given. Zaheer once again pounds it in and gets it to shape away from Warner who falls over as he looks to play it down the ground without much conviction. Definite noise as that went through, the appeal wasn't convincing. HotSpot says all - the bat hit the pad. Great call from umpire Erasmus.;
2.1;?;Khan to Warner, no run beaten by a country mile, and a little more. Zaheer angles it in and zips it away from Warner who stays in the crease and feels for it. His bat wasn't in the same ballpark.;
1.6;1;Sharma to Warner, 1 run Warner looks edgy. Stays back in the crease and nurdles a ball on the stumps to the leg side. Interesting first over from Ishant.;
1.5;4;Sharma to Warner, FOUR runs edged, safe! Ishant got that to straighten sharply, Warner was initially shaping to cut or steer, but had to quickly cover the line. He wasn't fast enough, the ball hit the inside edge and roared away past off stump and went to fine leg. Dhoni didn't have a chance, and the carry wasn't spectacular.;
1.4;1;Sharma to Cowan, 1 run welcome to Test cricket, Ed Cowan! Length ball on the pads, tucked to the leg side for one.;
1.3;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run ah ha, daring leave from Cowan as Ishant angles this one across. The ball didn't come back in, though, and skimmed the front pad on its way to MSD.;
1.2;?;Sharma to Cowan, no run back of a length on the stumps, defended from the crease. Bit of bounce for Ishant.;
1.1;1lb;Sharma to Warner, 1 leg bye on the pads, Warner can't get it away square. Leg bye for Warner. Aus are away.;
0.6;?;Khan to Cowan, no run starts with a maiden, the G roars in anticipation. Length ball on the pads, Cowan quietly works it to mid-on.;
0.5;?;Khan to Cowan, no run too wide now, Zaheer is getting very lively seam away from the left hander, but he's not made Cowan play at all in this over.;
0.4;?;Khan to Cowan, no run goes wider outside off, Cowan gets the front foot nicely across and has a look before letting it go.;
0.3;?;Khan to Cowan, no run snaps in off the seam at 132 kph, and extra bounce too, Cowan's cut in half as he looks to fend to the leg side.;
0.2;?;Khan to Cowan, no run gently moves away from Cowan again, he leaves again.;
0.1;?;Khan to Cowan, no run not much pace, but interesting wobble in the air away from Cowan who leans out and leaves.;

Bill Lawry is on air. It is all go! Cowan and Warner are out there. Three slips and a gully. Zaheer to bowl at Cowan over the stumps.
"Nitin, how many comments about Sehwag scoring a hundred before lunch have you got so far?" Shashank, Australia are batting first. Not that that should stop Sehwag.
The XIs, in case you're still wondering:
India: 1 Virender Sehwag, 2 Gautam Gambhir, 3 Rahul Dravid, 4 Sachin Tendulkar, 5 Virat Kohli, 6 VVS Laxman, 7 MS Dhoni (capt, wk), 8 R Ashwin, 9 Zaheer Khan, 10 Ishant Sharma, 11 Umesh Yadav
Australia: 1 David Warner, 2 Ed Cowan, 3 Shaun Marsh, 4 Ricky Ponting, 5 Michael Clarke (capt), 6 Michael Hussey, 7 Brad Haddin (wk), 8 Peter Siddle, 9 James Pattinson, 10 Nathan Lyon, 11 Ben Hilfenhaus
"This is gonna be a wonderful series, hope it's well fought and not one sided like England vs India was. I'm offering odds of 1/200 on Zaheer breaking down before lunch if anyone fancies it. " I'm taking you on, Chris.
"Michael Clarke is a goose. Has handed India a dream no pressure start. Had the chance to set the tone for the series with an aggressive attack with superb bowling conditions." reckons Sticks.
Pitch report from Shaz and Waz: Live grass on the pitch, rolled in a touch, but the ball is going to zip off this one.
"As a NZer I am disgustingly excited about this series. Enjoy competitive cricket while it lasts, as South Africa tours our shores soon, and that will in all likelihood end in a 3-0 (all by an innings) humiliation." Matthew, welcome to the coverage, and have some hope for the Black Caps.
Toss: Australia win a tricky toss and bat first on a green wicket. India are playing Kohli, Ashwin and Umesh Yadav, as expected. If you didn't know the Australia XI already, its time to come out from under that rock. People are still streaming in, and it won't be long before MCG is packed.
9.55 am The best news of the morning comes from Sid Monga at the G. He reckons we are in for a timely start. It is brightening all the time in Melbourne, the outfield seems ready and the players have been warming up for more than 30 minutes. Bring it on! Tony Greig has slipped the key into the pitch, and it slipped right in we hear. Moisture on the pitch.
The toss isn't too far away. Meanwhile, here's all the preview stuff you need to get up to speed. India are known for notoriously slow starts to away series - West Indies earlier this year was an aberration. We all know Australia were in freefall, but this series will tell us if the slide has been arrested. The jury awaits.
"Nitin! We need a prediction!" Matt Williams - this is what I'd love to see: India 2 - Australia 2. Ed Cowan to make a heap of runs (because I already love the bloke despite not seeing him bat) and Kohli even more. Here's to the future!
9.35 am I hate to spoil the cheer, but weather updates from Melbourne indicate there's a bit of rain in the air. Nothing much, mind you, and we could still have a timely start. Considering we had hail yesterday, that might be construed as good news. Meanwhile, here's something from Brydon Coverdale on the state of the pitch: "MCG curator Cam Hodgkins told MCC breakfast they've left some grass on the pitch & first session will be tough for batting." I am not sure which of the two teams a spicy wicket will favour. Australia's opening pair is greener than the pitch, and their new-ball attack even greener. India have historically hated batting in such conditions as well.
A bittersweet tweet from @AltCricket sets the tone for what I hope will be a spirited, chirpy series, off the field at the very least: "Phil Hughes has finally found his place in Australian cricket - as far away from it as possible."
9.15 am Hola there! Welcome to Boxing Day! In the interest of maintaining sanity and keeping everyone's feet firmly on the ground, we shall refrain from hyping this up any more than it already has been. Let's just say it scarcely gets bigger than this.
Our preview to this Boxing Day blockbuster terms this as a battle between two flawed teams - flaws that were ruthlessly exposed by an ascendant England over the last 12 months. If I ever wanted two flawed teams to play for my life, these two would be it. The last time they met on these shores, Australia were undisputed No. 1, India were pretenders to the throne, and sparks flew. A lot has happened since - Australia have been proven mortal after all, India ephemerally became World No. 1.. And Harbhajan and Symonds (both of whom are out of the action this time) are now the best of friends.
Some things don't change, though. The Indian middle order for instance, which is back "like a few, creaking Terminators". Ponting is around too, the last of the Invincibles, unflappably and tirelessly fighting time itself. Zaheer is back too - his creaky joints and unpredictable sinews could decide which way the series goes - in two prior tours of this country, he's broken down twice after supreme spells in the first Test. Do India have the might to combat another breakdown?
 Innings Start
Andrew: "That's about 30 runs India should not have had, plus whatever Cowans and Hussey might have scored. No wonder the BCCI and our unbiased cricinfo commentator are so against the UDRS." Er, I am all for the DRS, Andrew. I am just bothered about the way it is implemented, with the limited reviews strategically used by teams and the third umpire having no say over the when a review is used. And if the cricketing world cannot agree on all the fancy technology that comprises the current DRS, why not have the bare minimum of a clear stump mic audio, the pitch mat and super slow motion replays? Even the BCCI would agree to that (I hope), and it would cut out most bloopers
supreeth is still around and has finally decided who is to blame: "I get it now. Its not the bean bag or the blanket....It is the Indian batsmen!!!"
Lunch India have lost 8 for 68 to concede a lead of 51. After stumps yesterday, Australia would have been thinking of how to contain India. The visitors have instead crumbled in a heap against some disciplined fast bowling to surrender the advantage completely. And but for Ashwin's contribution, they would have conceded a much bigger lead. Join us after lunch at 1.20 pm to see if India can come back, or if Australia's batting can build on the efforts of their fast bowlers, led by the under-rated Hilfenhaus, who produced just enough movement to run through India.
94.1;W;Siddle to Ashwin, OUT there is the last wicket, Siddle ends it the way it started for Australia in the morning with a pitched up away-moving delivery, Ashwin is not fully forward and feathers it through to Haddin;Ravichandran Ashwin c ?Haddin b Siddle 31 (57m 35b 3x4 1x6) SR: 88.57;
93.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Yadav, no run another over gone, as Umesh crouches across and pushes away a pitched up ball;
93.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Yadav, no run;
93.4;1;Hilfenhaus to Ashwin, 1 run he shapes up as if he is going to launch into a pull, but merely tickles the short ball, like a drop shot square on the leg side;
93.3;4;Hilfenhaus to Ashwin, FOUR runs succeeds this time, delays the stroke a tad, and squeezes a boundary between third man and deep point, spread-out field not working at the moment;
93.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Ashwin, no run tries to bend the knee and carve this fuller one through cover but misses the ball;
93.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Ashwin, no run they have the deep point in place, but Ashwin refuses the single after cutting this widish one to him;
92.6;?;Siddle to Yadav, no run gets bat in front of pad and keeps out another pacy one that would have uprooted the stumps otherwise;
92.5;?;Siddle to Yadav, no run too good for No 11, quick and straightening just outside off, Umesh gets forward in an attempt to defend it and is beaten;
92.4;?;Siddle to Yadav, no run fine leave, Siddle goes straight a foot outside off, and Umesh comes a long way across and pulls bat out of the line;
92.3;?;Siddle to Yadav, no run goes for the stumps with the full delivery, but Umesh manages to dig it out as he gets across;
92.2;1;Siddle to Ashwin, 1 run and now he hangs back and lays into the cut, which brings that man at deep point into play again, staggering;
92.1;2;Siddle to Ashwin, 2 runs well done by Ashwin, the field is spread out, the ball is full and angled in, and he works it through vacant midwicket for two more;
91.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Yadav, no run keeps out a very full one headed for off stump;
91.5;1;Hilfenhaus to Ashwin, 1 run and deep point will come in to play again, off the fifth delivery, to No 9, here is the single, son, take it;
91.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Ashwin, no run Ashwin is going after the short ball, but is not hitting the pull out of the middle of the bat, this one rolls away toward deep square leg, he does not take the single;
91.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Ashwin, no run runs this one towards point with an open face;
91.2;1;Hilfenhaus to Yadav, 1 run gets the single past slips with an open face;
91.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Yadav, no run left alone outside the off stump by Umesh, who has an interesting way of leaving, he takes his bat away at the last instant with a sharp jerky movement;
90.6;6;Pattinson to Ashwin, SIX runs eep, how has that gone for six, Ashwin got well across and swung at this shortish delivery, he was of course looking to go square on the leg side, it instead goes way over Haddin and the slips, and carries all the way! Incredible;
90.5;4;Pattinson to Ashwin, FOUR runs neatly done, Ashwin works this one off the pads, with good timing, and Hilfenhaus cannot cut it off with a dive at fine leg;
90.4;1;Pattinson to Yadav, 1 run this time he pushes this length ball away towards cover and scrambles across for a single, direct hit would have been close;
90.3;?;Pattinson to Yadav, no run another outside edge falls short of Ponting at second slip, there have been a few of those;
90.2;1;Pattinson to Ashwin, 1 run takes the single on offer as Clarke incredibly persists with a man at deep point to No 9;
90.1;?;Pattinson to Ashwin, no run fine solid push towards mid off from Ashwin off a pitched up delivery;
89.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Yadav, no run erm, Umesh ends the over with a wild slog that had pretensions of depositing the ball over midiwicket, if only he had connected;
89.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Yadav, no run outside edge falls short of Ricky Ponting at second slip, who moves to his left and takes it on the bounce;
89.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Yadav, no run withdraws the bat out of the way as this fullish one moves away outside off;
89.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Yadav, no run fuller one pushed away towards extra cover;
89.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Yadav, no run away shape at good pace, Umesh has no way to play that one;
89.1;1;Hilfenhaus to Ashwin, 1 run and now there is confusion among the ranks, Ashwin pushes towards point, takes a few steps and stops, Umesh runs half way up the track and stops, and barely makes it across in the end;
88.6;W;Pattinson to Khan, OUT another one goes! and this after the Australia lower order squeezed out a considerable amount of runs, Zaheer withdraws to the leg side, exposes all three stumps, and has a wild heave, misses predictably, and the off stump is rattled, incredibly poor stuff from India;Zaheer Khan b Pattinson 4 (7m 6b 1x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
88.5;?;Pattinson to Khan, no run excellent take from short leg, but umpire Erasmus is unmoved again, it flew into the fielder's hands off the thigh pad, replays show;
88.4;1;Pattinson to Ashwin, 1 run whoa, that is a nothing shot from Ashwin, was shaping up for the pull initially, then looked to check the stroke but ended up swatting it in front of square;
88.3;?;Pattinson to Ashwin, no run well defended, comes forward and pushes the length ball towards extra cover;
88.2;?;Pattinson to Ashwin, no run sends this one down the leg side from wide of the crease;
88.1;?;Pattinson to Ashwin, no run lovely away shape from a fullish length but a touch far outside off to make him play;
87.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Khan, no run bangs in the short ball that has Zaheer ducking;
87.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Khan, no run pitched up close to off stump, defended towards point;
87.4;4;Hilfenhaus to Khan, FOUR runs almost another one, as Zaheer pushes from the crease, the edge flies past the slips this time;
87.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Khan, no run lets a widish one go outside off;
87.2;W;Hilfenhaus to Sharma, OUT Hilfenhaus has five, his first one in Tests, he holds his arms aloft and smiles widely, Ishant goes for an uncharacteristic big drive at the pitched up ball and gets a big edge through to Haddin, who has been busy this morning, superb spell from Hilfenhaus today, been too good for the Indians;Ishant Sharma c ?Haddin b Hilfenhaus 11 (106m 69b 0x4 0x6) SR: 15.94;
87.1;1;Hilfenhaus to Ashwin, 1 run;
86.6;?;Pattinson to Sharma, no run pitched up full on middle, Ishant keeps it out softly with a dead-bat;
86.5;?;Pattinson to Sharma, no run tries to fiddle with a yorker-length delivery outside off and misses;
86.4;1;Pattinson to Ashwin, 1 run goes for a pull again, does not get it right this time as well, the ball loops in the air, in front of square leg this time;
86.3;?;Pattinson to Ashwin, no run;
86.2;?;Pattinson to Ashwin, no run that is mighty close, that struck him in front from a length as he looked to defend, umpire Erasmus is unmoved, the only thing that could have saved him was the angle, nope, ball tracker shows it taking out leg stump, Pattinson cannot believe it, rightly so, that was gone;
86.1;4;Pattinson to Ashwin, FOUR runs pitched up and he goes for the drive, gets it off a thick edge between point and gully, who both run after it but cannot stop it in time;
85.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Sharma, no run watches the length ball go past a foot outside off;
85.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Sharma, no run runs it towards point with an open face;
85.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Sharma, no run;
85.3;1;Hilfenhaus to Ashwin, 1 run goes after the short ball, swivels and gets it high in the air behind square leg, falls well short of the man running across from fine leg;
85.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Ashwin, no run shaping away but not full enough and he plays it out off the back foot towards covers;
85.1;2;Hilfenhaus to Ashwin, 2 runs fine stroke from Ashwin, leans back in the crease and caresses this length ball through cover for two;
84.6;?;Pattinson to Sharma, no run quite some way outside off and left alone easily, the point is, this is not helping India now with the batsmen gone;
84.5;?;Pattinson to Sharma, no run the new ball bounces sharply, but Ishant lets it go with a flourish;
84.4;?;Pattinson to Sharma, no run looks to meddle with this quite full one outside off stump, but it was too quick for him and he was not exactly eager to play at it as it straightened;
84.3;?;Pattinson to Sharma, no run rears up from short of a length, Ishant gets bat in front of body and keeps it down in front of short leg;
84.2;?;Pattinson to Sharma, no run opens the face from the crease and runs this one towards the slip cordon;
84.1;?;Pattinson to Sharma, no run very full on the stumps, he gets the bat down in time and squeezes it down the track;
83.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Ashwin, no run he is getting the ball to shape away from close to off stump, this time Ashwin is behind it and defends tightly;
83.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Ashwin, no run pitched up this time, played out on the off side;
83.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Ashwin, no run moving away from a good length and let go outside off;
83.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Ashwin, no run pushes firmly this time off the back foot towards mid off;
83.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Ashwin, no run another thick edge, this one runs to point, stays in the air for a while longer;
83.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Ashwin, no run thickish edge runs straight to gully along the ground as he pushes at this one outside off;
82.6;?;Pattinson to Sharma, no run gets bat behind the line this time and defends the fullish one down the track;
82.5;?;Pattinson to Sharma, no run too good for the nightwatchman, that moved away sharply, it was angled in from wide of the crease, pitched around off and then changed direction totally to swerve away from a befuddled Ishant;
82.4;?;Pattinson to Sharma, no run not far from the outside edge again, as Pattinson zips one past Ishant's blade from a fullish length;
82.3;?;Pattinson to Sharma, no run length ball played out to point quietly with an open face;
82.2;?;Pattinson to Sharma, no run better judgment from Ishant as he leaves this one just outside off;
82.1;?;Pattinson to Sharma, no run goes for a loose drive from the crease to a pitched up ball and misses;
81.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Ashwin, no run has a poke at this one moving away outside off stump, and is beaten;
81.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Ashwin, no run he gives him the short ball right away, Ashwin pulls out of the way;
81.4;W;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, OUT oh well, that was on the cards, Dhoni has a go, and gives gully catching practice, Hilfenhaus shifted the angle to just outside off stump, the length was not as full, Dhoni went after it anyway, not too hard though, and the edge looped slowly straight to gully, Hilfenhaus has his fourth;MS Dhoni c Hussey b Hilfenhaus 6 (13m 8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 75;
81.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, no run pitched up again, and this time he manages an uncertain inside edge on to pad;
81.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, no run good stop at square leg, Dhoni had worked this one off the middle of the bat but the dive saved some runs;
81.1;2;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, 2 runs goes on the pads with the full length and is flicked wide of fine leg, Dhoni hurries back for the second;
80.6;?;Siddle to Sharma, no run stands tall and defends a short of a length ball down the track;
80.5;?;Siddle to Sharma, no run slightly fuller one played out to forward short leg;
80.4;?;Siddle to Sharma, no run spoons up in the air off the edge as he pushes with a straight bat at this short ball, falls short of point though;
80.3;?;Siddle to Sharma, no run an exaggerated leave from Ishant as he stays in the crease to this shortish one angled past him;
80.2;?;Siddle to Sharma, no run beats him this time, the length has gone fuller and fuller this over, makes Ishant have a loose push at it from the crease as he gets across;
80.1;?;Siddle to Sharma, no run good length now and going across the batsman who stays in the crease and pushes it away on the off side;
80.1;1nb;Siddle to Sharma, (no ball) big no ball from Siddle as he digs in the short ball across Ishant;
79.6;2;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, 2 runs overthrow allows them another run;
79.5;2;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, 2 runs he is away with a typical push from the crease past extra cover off a length ball;
79.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, no run superb delivery, fuller and testing him movement from around middle and off, played out towards mid off;
79.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, no run some shape away from Dhoni, but slightly wider outside off and left alone;
79.2;W;Hilfenhaus to Kohli, OUT they won't need the new ball for Virat, he is gone, all the batsmen have fallen today to the pitched up ball which moves away slightly, Kohli is forward in defence, but the movement has done him, and the outside edge is snapped up easily by Haddin;Virat Kohli c ?Haddin b Hilfenhaus 11 (28m 21b 1x4 0x6) SR: 52.38;
79.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Kohli, no run gets forward and defends a length ball on off stump;
78.6;?;Siddle to Sharma, no run there comes the full delivery as the follow-up, he is up to it and squeezes it away towards gully;
78.5;?;Siddle to Sharma, no run excellent leave from Ishant, the second accurate short ball he has avoided without trouble today, bends the knees, drops the wrists and weaves out of the way;
78.4;?;Siddle to Sharma, no run straightening now outside off stump and Ishant gets well across to let it go in the end with a wave of the arms;
78.3;?;Siddle to Sharma, no run another one safely kept out, this was a good delivery, coming in around off stump from a fuller length, but Ishant was forward to defend;
78.2;?;Siddle to Sharma, no run solid front foot push towards mid off, the ones that don't get you runs but don't get you in trouble either;
78.1;1;Siddle to Kohli, 1 run gets forward initially as always but is quick to spot this one bouncing on him from short of a length and keeps it down in front of point for one;
77.6;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run tossed up ball but he the turn is slow and he is able to squeeze out another single on the off-side;
77.5;1;Lyon to Sharma, 1 run runs a skiddy quick one behind point from the crease;
77.4;?;Lyon to Sharma, no run gets forward and defends on the off side;
77.3;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run with no point around saving the single, Virat is happy to push in that region and go to the other end;
77.2;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run bounce from a length, Virat is surprised as he comes forward to defend;
77.1;2;Lyon to Kohli, 2 runs tosses it up across Kohli who drives hard through extra cover for a couple;
76.6;?;Siddle to Sharma, no run plays out this pitched up delivery quite safely towards point;
76.5;?;Siddle to Sharma, no run tries to dig out this yorker-length delivery just outside off stump, but misses;
76.4;?;Siddle to Sharma, no run Ishant keeps out another one headed for the stumps from a very full length, scoops it out towards mid on;
76.3;1;Siddle to Kohli, 1 run well done, right forward with the defensive push and immediately bounds across for the single as the ball goes wide of extra cover;
76.2;?;Siddle to Kohli, no run there for the drive, there to lure the batsman out, but he is content to shoulder arms as it moves away a tad;
76.1;?;Siddle to Kohli, no run gets across and defends this length ball around off stump;
75.6;?;Lyon to Sharma, no run Ishant dead-bats this tossed up ball off the front foot, it rolls away towards Haddin;
75.5;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run does not get hold of the drive this time but still gets it wide enough of mid on for a quick run;
75.4;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run has him reaching forward and pushing this flighted ball to extra cover;
75.3;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run defended off the back foot;
75.2;4;Lyon to Kohli, FOUR runs there's the swat-drive from Virat, he plays that shot well, gets just a touch inside the line and drives against the turn past extra cover, all the way to the boundary;
75.1;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run defended on the off side off the front foot;
74.6;?;Siddle to Sharma, no run phew, that has Ishant down on the ground, brute of a short ball rearing up quickly at the batsman, who somehow manages to weave his tall frame out of the way, the effort takes him off his feet;
74.5;?;Siddle to Sharma, no run well bowled, pitched up and angled in on the stumps, Ishant plays it from the crease and runs it to the slip cordon;
74.4;?;Siddle to Sharma, no run good length delivery coming in after pitching, he adjusts and defends it towards cover;
74.3;2;Siddle to Sharma, 2 runs Ishant drives, he does that only when it is absolutely driveable usually, gets it through extra cover for a couple;
74.2;?;Siddle to Sharma, no run bounce, lots of it, outside off though, and he lets it go right away;
74.1;?;Siddle to Sharma, no run zips in after pitching on a good length on middle and raps Ishant on the pad as he overbalances in an attempt to keep it out;
73.6;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run some turn for Lyon, Virat is hurried in keeping it out as he goes back and across;
73.5;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run a touch slower from Lyon now, turns in, he goes back and defends;
73.4;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run again nicely forward and pushes to extra cover;
73.3;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run Virat with the whip-drive to mid-on as he gets forward to a flighted one;
73.2;3;Lyon to Sharma, 3 runs flighted even further up, Ishant leans forward and drives it through covers, it is pulled back inside the rope;
73.1;?;Lyon to Sharma, no run tossed up delivery pushes towards covers;
72.6;?;Siddle to Kohli, no run angles this one way down the leg side;
72.5;?;Siddle to Kohli, no run a different batsman compared to Laxman, the front foot is out already and he has to adjust to push the pacy length ball on the off side;
72.4;W;Siddle to Laxman, OUT there's the edge, and Laxman is gone, the fuller length working perfectly for Australia this morning, pitched up just outside off, Laxman comes forward, not exactly fully, and there is enough away shape there to take the edge, the ball is dying on Haddin, but he tumbles forward to complete a fine take, India in trouble, big time;VVS Laxman c ?Haddin b Siddle 2 (30m 22b 0x4 0x6) SR: 9.09;
72.3;?;Siddle to Laxman, no run less hesitant this time in coming forward is Laxman and defends this length ball solidly on to the off side;
72.2;2;Siddle to Laxman, 2 runs Laxman gets off the mark with a push, a straight-batted push, that takes the fullish one between the non-striker and his stumps, mid-on tidies up;
72.1;?;Siddle to Laxman, no run searing full delivery angled in, that has Laxman pushing it hurriedly on the leg side;
71.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Sharma, no run straightening a tad just outside off stump, the lines have been impeccable this morning, Ishant gets bat to ball this time and runs it towards point;
71.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Sharma, no run super stuff this, goes past the outside edge again, this time Ishant was not looking to drive, just to defend, could not make contact though;
71.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Sharma, no run well bowled, pitched up delivery holding its line, getting even the dour Ishant to have a loose half-drive at it, beaten;
71.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Sharma, no run bouncing delivery in to Ishant, he stands tall and keeps it down;
71.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Sharma, no run runs this length delivery to the cordon with an open face;
71.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Sharma, no run Ishant flicks, and smacks it straight in to Cowan at forward short leg, uff, that hit him flush on the helmet grill, Ishant checks with Cowan if he is ok, Cowan nods, then checks his headgear;
70.6;?;Pattinson to Laxman, no run shaping in this one, from outside off, but Laxman is confident enough to let it go;
70.5;?;Pattinson to Laxman, no run he has a waft at this one, quite loose from VVS, it was a shortish one wide outside off, and he had a weak go at it from the crease to get beaten;
70.4;?;Pattinson to Laxman, no run pushed away from the crease on the off side;
70.3;?;Pattinson to Laxman, no run goes underneath the bouncer immediately;
70.2;1;Pattinson to Sharma, 1 run Pattinson goes for the fullish one angled in to the pads, with two men close-in square on the leg side, Ishant manages to get it past them;
70.1;?;Pattinson to Sharma, no run part outside edge, part intentional as Ishant plays at this bouncing one with an open face, falls well short of the cordon;
69.6;1;Hilfenhaus to Sharma, 1 run gets a bit of room to push at this one and gets it wide of cover for one;
69.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Sharma, no run gets across and defends a length ball softly towards point;
69.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Sharma, no run opens the face as he stays on the crease, but sharp work at gully saves some runs;
69.3;2;Hilfenhaus to Sharma, 2 runs pitched up on middle and leg and Ishant manages to push it past the non-striker for a couple;
69.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Sharma, no run sends it in to Ishant from back of a length, he keeps it down in front of short leg;
69.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Sharma, no run short delivery moving away outside off, Ishant initially looks to play at it but withdraws the bat in the end;
68.6;?;Pattinson to Laxman, no run played out safely on the off side;
68.5;?;Pattinson to Laxman, no run he is not too eager to get forward early on in his innings, and this fuller length is causing some problems, this one came in after pitching too, Laxman managed an inside edge on to pad as he came forward;
68.4;?;Pattinson to Laxman, no run quite some way outside off and flagged through easily;
68.3;?;Pattinson to Laxman, no run this one's not as full and Laxman is happy to play it out on the off side from the crease, it was the movement that bothered him in England, there is not too much of it here, so the length is even more important;
68.2;?;Pattinson to Laxman, no run excellent length, sligthly fuller, so even Laxman has to come out of his comfort zone on the back foot, pushes forward in defence but the ball has zipped past the edge by then;
68.1;?;Pattinson to Laxman, no run playing as late as possible, allows the length ball to come on to him, and at the last instant, pushes it towards covers;
67.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Sharma, no run another one outside off stump, good length this time, Ishant will leave those right away;
67.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Sharma, no run plays the shortish one better this time, drops the wrists and allows it to whiz past him outside off;
67.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Sharma, no run has him hopping now, the short of a length ball outside off stump, Ishant;s gloves were not far from the line;
67.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Sharma, no run tries the delivery that got Dravid, but does not get it quite right, Ishant opens the bat face and runs it towards point;
67.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Sharma, no run bounce, but some way outside off and he flags it through;
67.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Sharma, no run they are pitching up consistently, Ishant is a touch late in getting forward, but no harm done as he defends solidly;
66.6;?;Pattinson to Laxman, no run tests him out with the bouncer, Laxman ducks underneath it without trouble;
66.5;?;Pattinson to Laxman, no run pitched further up, fine line this one, just outside off stump, Laxman is happy to shoulder arms;
66.4;?;Pattinson to Laxman, no run a foot outside off stump this time, good length once again, Laxman defends towards point;
66.3;?;Pattinson to Laxman, no run length delivery that bounces a tad, Laxman is comfortable in the crease, and pushes it away softly, playing late;
66.2;1;Pattinson to Sharma, 1 run goes for the full delivery now, Ishant is not expecting it and pushes uncertainly at it, the inside edge flies between the man at forward short leg and another man around leg gully;
66.1;?;Pattinson to Sharma, no run stays back and pushes a bouncing delivery on the off side;
65.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Laxman, no run he is content to play from the crease, as always, hangs back and pushes a length ball towards point;
65.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Laxman, no run towards the off stump now, played out quietly towards covers;
65.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Laxman, no run pushes a length ball towards mid on;
65.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Laxman, no run another delivery pitched up on the stumps, Laxman keeps it out hurriedly;
65.2;W;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, OUT he's bowled 'em! what a ball to get early in the morning, as straight as you can get, fullish length, bang on off stump, straightens enough to sneak past Dravid's push and rattles the off stump, just the start Australia wanted, so they have got the two big wickets in consecutive overs now, first Tendulkar, now Dravid, whose front foot did not come as forward as he would have liked;Rahul Dravid b Hilfenhaus 68 (249m 187b 6x4 0x6) SR: 36.36;
65.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, no run right on target first ball, pitches it up around middle and leg, Dravid crouches and keeps it out towards mid on;
64.6;?;Siddle to Sharma, no run good leave from Ishant as Siddle angles one in from short of a length. An over of pure, unadulterated venom comes to an end.;
64.5;?;Siddle to Sharma, no run another brute, this time searching for the outside edge. Ishant was hopping to ride the bounce, and then wisely chose to drop the wrists.;
64.4;?;Siddle to Sharma, no run back of a length, tries to blast out Ishant with a short ball, but he's too tall to be cowed by a bouncer. Manages to press it down well.;
64.3;W;Siddle to Tendulkar, OUT Siddle's done it! Is this a no-ball? No! Tendulkar's been bowled through the gate, still on 99. Top length that, at blistering pace. Tendulkar got on the front foot, but he wasn't going to reach the length of the ball. That swerved in late, was it reverse? Sachin tried to punch through the off side, but he was playing down the wrong line. The ball thundered through to rattle the off stump. Sachin wasn't in the best position for that drive, in hindsight.;Sachin Tendulkar b Siddle 73 (151m 98b 8x4 1x6) SR: 74.48;
64.2;?;Siddle to Tendulkar, no run another short ball, back of a length and Sachin negotiates it from the crease.;
64.1;?;Siddle to Tendulkar, no run sharp short ball from Siddle, Tendulkar goes down on his knees and sways back.;
63.6;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run Dravid plays back again and defends a short of length ball to the off side.;
63.5;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run stays on the crease and defends to the off side.;
63.4;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run stays on the crease and kills a short of length ball from the crease.;
63.3;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run appeal for lbw, given not out. First call - seemed to be sliding down the leg side. It seamed in from a length and already had a big inward angle on it. Dravid was pressing forward and was hit outside the line of leg.;
63.2;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run back of a length on the off stump, defended to the off side.;
63.1;3;Pattinson to Tendulkar, 3 runs Pattinson offers Sachin a juicy leg stump half-volley, and it is duly whipped through midwicket for a bunch of runs.;
62.6;1;Siddle to Tendulkar, 1 run outside edge, but Sachin controls it and gets a single behind point. That straightened from a full length as Sachin groped from the crease. It runs through point, but he relaxed the grip so it went straight down.;
62.5;?;Siddle to Tendulkar, no run strange defensive from Sachin. Stays back to a short ball, and seemed to want to leave it at the last minute. As he was shouldering arms, it hit the inside edge and ricocheted onto the body.;
62.4;?;Siddle to Tendulkar, no run back of a length outside off, Sachin lets it go to the keeper.;
62.3;?;Siddle to Tendulkar, no run mid-off and mid-on are so far back now that a straight four will have to be very straight. Pitched up on off stump, Sachin drives to the right of mid-off who puts a laboured dive to stop it.;
62.2;?;Siddle to Tendulkar, no run sharp indipper from wide of off stump. Sachin's caught amidships on the hop and it hit on the thigh.;
62.1;?;Siddle to Tendulkar, no run Siddle goes full on off stump, and Sachin drives off the front foot to mid-off.;
61.6;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run full delivery wide of off stump to end the over. Dravid leans out to defend with an open face towards point.;
61.5;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run length ball outside off, Dravid watches it closely and lets it go.;
61.4;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run back of a length and curling in viciously from wide of off stump. Dravid hops behind the line and defends.;
61.3;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run on a driving length, draws Dravid into a check-drive towards cover point.;
61.2;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run full length again on off stump, Dravid leans out and defends to the off side compactly.;
61.1;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run full length ball on middle and leg, played off the front foot to mid-on.;
60.6;?;Siddle to Tendulkar, no run Tendulkar lets a length ball outside off go to the keeper.;
60.5;1;Siddle to Dravid, 1 run short ball on a Sehwag length - at the ribs. Doesn't work that well on Dravid, who leaps and tucks behind square.;
60.4;2;Siddle to Dravid, 2 runs over-pitched on the stumps, and Dravid is adept enough to forget past worries and on-drive this wide of mid-on. His running is laboured, and yields a couple.;
60.3;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run beats Dravid outside off again. Siddle is desperately unlucky to not have his number. That one seamed away marginally and kicked up too as Dravid felt for it from the crease. Play and a miss.;
60.2;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run short of a length outside off, far enough away outside off stump for Dravid to shoulder arms.;
60.1;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run short and sharp bumper. It took off impressively, and Dravid had to weave away in a hurry.;
59.6;?;Lyon to Tendulkar, no run Sachin stays back and defends as a ball spins in from outside off.;
59.5;?;Lyon to Tendulkar, no run leans forward and defends off the front foot.;
59.4;?;Lyon to Tendulkar, no run worked with the turn to the leg side carefully.;
59.3;4;Lyon to Tendulkar, FOUR runs Sachin tees off. Flighted outside off, he leans out to reach the pitch and drives it over mid-off and the ball clears him easily.;
59.2;?;Lyon to Tendulkar, no run;
59.1;?;Lyon to Tendulkar, no run tossed up on off stump, worked with the angle to the leg side.;
58.6;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run and what a ball to bowl as a follow-up. This jags in like a spitting cobra that is making a right turn. Dravid was forward and committed to play for a straight ball, but it came in and hit him in the mid-section. Dravid grimaces in pain. But he's still there.;
58.6;1nb;Siddle to Dravid, (no ball) Siddle's bowled Dravid with a no-ball Tragedy for Australia. He went right through the Wall. You thought Dravid's struggle was over. Full length ball, did nothing, just sped past a loose defensive. Dravid's bat-pad gap was open this time, he got an inside edge onto the pad and it hit the stumps. The umpire asks to check if it was a no-ball. Replays show the heel was in the air as he delivered, after only marginally touching the crease. Tragic for Siddle;
58.5;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run short ball on the off stump line, Dravid climbs on it and defends to the leg side.;
58.4;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run soft grip as Dravid leans out to smother a full length ball outside off. The ball dribbles towards point.;
58.3;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run hmm, closer to off stump, but Dravid seems to know exactly where it is. He lets it go even as it slants in from a length.;
58.2;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run lands this on a length outside off. Dravid leans out and shoulders arms.;
58.1;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run he's looking for reverse alright. Full, tailing yorker on middle to start off. Jammy jams down on it.;
57.6;1;Lyon to Dravid, 1 run skips out once more and works it wider of mid-on. This time there is a single, and the throw is again to Sachin's end. He makes it comfortably.;
57.5;?;Lyon to Dravid, no run tossed up outside off, driven off the front foot to mid-off.;
57.4;?;Lyon to Dravid, no run Dravid shimmies down and takes it on the full. On-drives straight to mid-on.;
57.3;?;Lyon to Dravid, no run drifts across the right hander, but not much spin thereafter. Defended easily.;
57.2;?;Lyon to Dravid, no run flighted on middle and leg, driven back to the bowler.;
57.1;1;Lyon to Tendulkar, 1 run short of a length on Tendulkar's pads and he nudges behind square for one.;
56.6;1;Warner to Tendulkar, 1 run Sachin opens the face and gets a single through point. The 200 is up. India in the box seat. But it is a delicate balance.;
56.5;2;Warner to Tendulkar, 2 runs Sachin nearly holes out. Just how much could he resist these dibbly-dobblers? Not much, apparently. Tossed up on the stumps and he looks to heave him over mid-on. Just manages to clear him.;
56.4;?;Warner to Tendulkar, no run tossed up on off stump, defended with the turn to the off side.;
56.3;1;Warner to Dravid, 1 run Dravid's not as generous as Tendulkar. Pounces on a half-tracker and sends it motoring towards midwicket for one more. These two have added 100. Again.;
56.2;1;Warner to Tendulkar, 1 run opens the face to steer with the turn towards point.;
56.1;?;Warner to Tendulkar, no run high full toss! On leg stump line, it was heading for his midriff. Tendulkar defends, Warner smiles!;
55.6;1;Lyon to Tendulkar, 1 run over-pitched outside off stump, and Tendulkar pushes into the covers for one. Australia are gifting India the advantage here.;
55.5;1;Lyon to Dravid, 1 run another short ball outside off, too many of these creeping in. Dravid cuts to point.;
55.4;1;Lyon to Tendulkar, 1 run straightens from outside off, Tendulkar punches down the ground for one.;
55.3;?;Lyon to Tendulkar, no run;
55.2;?;Lyon to Tendulkar, no run flighted invitingly, Tendulkar lashes it off the front foot but finds cover.;
55.1;?;Lyon to Tendulkar, no run tossed up and drifting away wide of off stump, and it is defended off the front foot.;
54.6;2;Warner to Dravid, 2 runs too short, Dravid can't resist. Cuts it in front of square for a couple.;
54.5;?;Warner to Dravid, no run Dravid steers the cut without scoring intent towards backward point.;
54.4;?;Warner to Dravid, no run back of a length and wide, Dravid looks to cut and finds cover.;
54.3;1;Warner to Tendulkar, 1 run goes back in the crease and tucks off the pads to midwicket.;
54.2;?;Warner to Tendulkar, no run short again, Sachin stays behind the line and defends down the track.;
54.1;?;Warner to Tendulkar, no run short ball on middle and it straightens nicely for a pull. Tendulkar misses and is hit on the side! He must be feeling sheepish - that was the worst ball of the day.;
53.6;?;Lyon to Dravid, no run curls this one away wide of off stump and Dravid pulls out a big lunge to drive into the covers. Can't find the gap, though.;
53.5;1;Lyon to Tendulkar, 1 run flighted on middle and leg, turned easily to square leg for one.;
53.4;?;Lyon to Tendulkar, no run that didn't spin a lot, and Sachin defended off the outer half of the bat as he pressed forward.;
53.3;1;Lyon to Dravid, 1 run tossed up wide of off stump, Dravid again eyes the mid-on midwicket gap with a flick. Mid-on intercepts and Tendulkar hurries through belatedly to complete the single.;
53.2;?;Lyon to Dravid, no run flighted on off stump, Dravid lunges out to defend off the front foot.;
53.1;1;Lyon to Tendulkar, 1 run flighted on the stumps, Sachin turns it with the spin through square leg for one.;
52.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, no run he lets the last ball go through to the keeper and summons the physio back in. I'm afraid I don't see Dravid carrying on for much longer.;
52.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, no run fuller length, Dravid covers the line well and defends down the track.;
52.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, no run bouncer now, and he ducks under it easily.;
52.3;1;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, 1 run on the pads, turned away with a wrist flick and he finds midwicket.;
52.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, no run;
52.1;4;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, FOUR runs another upper cut. Sachin plays it with the sort of comfort with which people swipe their smart-phones unlocked, or make cups of dip-tea. Non-chalant. Short and climbing, he crouches below and dabs it with the lower end of the bat over the slips.;
51.6;?;Lyon to Dravid, no run fuller length on middle and off, straightens down the line and meets the middle of Dravid's bat as he defends.;
51.5;?;Lyon to Dravid, no run on middle and leg, worked with the angle to the leg side.;
51.4;?;Lyon to Dravid, no run tossed up outside off, Dravid drives it fluently to mid-off.;
51.3;?;Lyon to Dravid, no run short of a length and straightening from outside off, Dravid tries to cut and then walks away in seeming pain.;
51.2;4;Lyon to Dravid, FOUR runs super shot. Tossed up well wide of off stump, Dravid gets the front foot so far across that he's able to divert it with the wrists wide of midwicket. Ponting puts in the dive, but the flick seems to gather momentum as it runs to the midwicket boundary.;
51.1;2;Lyon to Dravid, 2 runs that spun in from off and middle, Dravid got the front foot across and lap-swept it past short fine leg.;
50.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, no run Sachin stays on the back foot and defends into the covers again.;
50.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, no run stays defensive on the crease now, and defends a length ball to the off side.;
50.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, no run short of driving length, Sachin generates consummate timing on a back foot punch, but cover is in the way.;
50.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, no run back of a length on the stumps, Sachin gets back and across to defend down the track.;
50.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, no run angled into the pads, tucked with the angle to the leg side.;
50.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, no run short of a length on the off stump, Sachin pushes it back down the track.;
49.6;1;Lyon to Tendulkar, 1 run Fifty for Sachin, and what a glorious exhibition of batting this has been since tea. Tossed up outside off again, driven down to mid-on for one more.;
49.5;?;Lyon to Tendulkar, no run turns in from outside off, Sachin works it with the turn to backward square leg.;
49.4;1;Lyon to Dravid, 1 run point is standing in Sydney, allowing Dravid an easy single as he rocks back to cut a short ball.;
49.3;1;Lyon to Tendulkar, 1 run gets the single now, trots out and works him with the turn through mid-on.;
49.2;?;Lyon to Tendulkar, no run leans across and nudges to the leg side with the turn.;
49.1;?;Lyon to Tendulkar, no run tossed up outside off, worked with the turn through mid-on.;
48.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, no run pushes another length ball into the off side.;
48.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, no run back to normal service. Gets across and lets a length ball go.;
48.4;4;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, FOUR runs not his best innings, but it is a fifty. Dravid flashes at a wide length ball outside off, and the thick edge speeds past Clarke. In the air, but safe. Dravid looks bugged by his travails even as he celebrates the 50.;
48.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, no run edged and falls short of Clarke at slip! Dravid is squared up as he looks to play straight to a ball that lands on leg and straightens devilishly. It takes the leading edge, but Dravid softens the grip and it lands short of the lone slip.;
48.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, no run back of a length on off stump, defended to the off side from the crease.;
48.1;1;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, 1 run starts with a loosener on the pads that Sachin glances towards fine leg for a single.;
47.6;?;Hussey to Dravid, no run that came in, Dravid tries working it to the leg side and gets hit on the pad. Half an appeal there, but seemed to be an inside edge. Slipping down leg too.;
47.5;?;Hussey to Dravid, no run full length ball outside of, Dravid leans well out to defend with an open face to the off side.;
47.4;2;Hussey to Dravid, 2 runs angled into the pads, easy runs for Dravid as he glances it fine for two more.;
47.3;?;Hussey to Dravid, no run over-pitched on the stumps, Dravid digs it out off the front foot.;
47.2;?;Hussey to Dravid, no run fuller length, comes on slowly as Dravid lunges out to defend to the off side.;
47.1;1;Hussey to Tendulkar, 1 run short ball outside off, Hussey's offcutters aren't cutting really. Sachin cracks it square from the crease for one more.;
46.6;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run good length ball on off stump, Dravid walks into a determined defensive stroke to the off side of the pitch.;
46.5;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run shortens the length this time outside off stump, Dravid gets across the stumps and shoulders arms.;
46.4;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run over-pitched, Dravid leans into a cover drive but can't get it past cover. It was timed well, though.;
46.3;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run pitched up, Dravid diffident on the forward press gets an inside edge on the drive towards mid-on.;
46.2;2;Pattinson to Dravid, 2 runs angled into the pads, this time Dravid tickles it away with the angle through backward square leg for two more. He's level with SRT, again.;
46.1;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run thumps down a sharp bouncer does Pattinson, with a humongous grunt. Dravid ducks under it.;
45.6;1;Hussey to Dravid, 1 run this time Dravid connects with the back foot steer through cover as Hussey again plugs away back of a length.;
45.5;1;Hussey to Tendulkar, 1 run short of a length, Tendulkar cuts it behind point for one more.;
45.4;1;Hussey to Dravid, 1 run pitched further up, gets Dravid to lean out and drive through point for a single.;
45.3;?;Hussey to Dravid, no run Length ball wide of off stump, Dravid flashes away from the body and misses. It is a shot he normally plays quite well.;
45.2;1;Hussey to Tendulkar, 1 run wobbles in towards the pads, Sachin nudges it square for a single.;
45.1;?;Hussey to Tendulkar, no run back of a length on off stump, Tendulkar defends off the back foot. He's treated Hussey with more respect than any other bowler today.;
44.6;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run angled in sharply, it bursts onto Dravid who tries to nudge it square. Beaten by the pace, he is hit on the pad as the ball slides down the leg side.;
44.5;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run fuller, draws Dravid forward and he pushes it off the front foot to the off side.;
44.4;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run an appeal for lbw, Dravid survives. Perfect length, can't be driven and you can't really go back either. It kept low too as Dravid looked to work it to the leg side. He gets an inside edge onto the pads.;
44.3;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run short again, Dravid hops on the crease and defends.;
44.2;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run fuller length on the pads, that's more the length but this was too straight. Dravid is beaten on the front foot and hit on the pads. 153 kph!;
44.1;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run short of a length from Pattinson, Dravid is comfortably on the back foot as he defends to the off side.;
43.6;?;Lyon to Tendulkar, no run shortens the length, Tendulkar stays in the crease and defends.;
43.5;2;Lyon to Tendulkar, 2 runs another muscular sweep with the turn, this time from outside off. Goes squarer than before, and square leg comes around to stop it.;
43.4;?;Lyon to Tendulkar, no run fuller and drifting outside off, Sachin opens the face and steers to point.;
43.3;4;Lyon to Tendulkar, FOUR runs swept in the air, but Tendulkar had picked his gap. Tossed up in the slot, Tendulkar goes down on a knee and goes through midwicket. There are men on the fence at square leg and long on, but midwicket is vacant. Four more.;
43.2;?;Lyon to Tendulkar, no run flighted wide of off stump, Tendulkar defends off the front foot.;
43.1;?;Lyon to Tendulkar, no run tossed up on off and middle, Sachin gets the front foot across and plays with the turn.;
42.6;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run short ball, wider of off stump this time but it stayed lower than Dravid expected as he went for the cut. Finds point as he crouches on the shot.;
42.5;2;Pattinson to Dravid, 2 runs short ball, and Dravid unfurls a sprightly punch from the crease. The ball goes in front of point and they get a couple.;
42.4;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run back of a length on off stump, Dravid defends to the off side and there's a single to be had. Dravid wants it, and goes halfway down but Sachin sends him back. And apologises.;
42.3;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run fuller length to Dravid, he doesn't get forward soon enough and mistimes the check-drive to the leg side.;
42.2;3;Pattinson to Tendulkar, 3 runs goes over the top again, using the pace and width on offer. Short and wide outside off, Tendulkar had the room so he went over point instead of third man. Stood beside the line and slapped it with the face pointing skywards and picks up three. Warner charged back and dived to save the fourth run.;
42.1;?;Pattinson to Tendulkar, no run back of a length on the stumps, Tendulkar gets across and defends sedately.;
41.6;?;Lyon to Dravid, no run covers the line well with a forward lunge and defends as Lyon spins it in.;
41.5;?;Lyon to Dravid, no run tossed up outside off, Dravid leans out and drives against the turn to cover.;
41.4;?;Lyon to Dravid, no run turns in from outside off, defended to the leg side.;
41.3;2;Lyon to Dravid, 2 runs slog-heave from Dravid. As uncharacteristic as they come. The ball is very full, and he doesn't get it away well. Gets a couple through midwicket.;
41.2;?;Lyon to Dravid, no run tossed up on off stump, draws Dravid forward to defend.;
41.1;1;Lyon to Tendulkar, 1 run tossed up on middle and leg, worked quietly with the turn past midwicket for one.;
40.6;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run shortens the length outside off, Dravid stays on the crease and shoulders arms.;
40.5;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run short ball, tucks up Dravid who hops in the crease and fends to the leg side.;
40.4;1;Siddle to Tendulkar, 1 run edged but safe. Would have gone straight to fifth slip. Pitched up, draws Tendulkar forward into the drive and it flies through the slip-gully gap.;
40.3;?;Siddle to Tendulkar, no run lands the length ball outside off, Sachin shoulders arms as it holds its line.;
40.2;?;Siddle to Tendulkar, no run fuller length from Siddle, draws Tendulkar forward and he defends it to the off side.;
40.1;?;Siddle to Tendulkar, no run full ball on the pads, Tendulkar nurdles it with the angle through square leg.;
39.6;?;Lyon to Dravid, no run three in three, Dravid pulls the bat out of the way to let a wide ball go unpunished.;
39.5;?;Lyon to Dravid, no run this one spins in a touch, Dravid shoulders arms again.;
39.4;?;Lyon to Dravid, no run loopy ball that doesn't turn after landing wide of off. Dravid resists the cut shot.;
39.3;1;Lyon to Tendulkar, 1 run Sachin skips out of the crease and works it with the turn from well outside off past mid-on.;
39.2;?;Lyon to Tendulkar, no run tossed up on off, that's the line. Sachin leans out to smother.;
39.1;?;Lyon to Tendulkar, no run turning down the leg from outside off, Sachin stays in the crease and tries to nudge behind square.;
38.6;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run one of the worst shots Dravid has played all life. Pitched up wide of off stump, and he doesn't get the front foot across to the line of the ball, and drives down the wrong line. Completely beaten by a straight ball.;
38.5;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run short of a length on the stumps, Dravid hops back and dabs to the leg side.;
38.4;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run pitched up on the stumps, Dravid is again well forward and times the check-drive to mid-off.;
38.3;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run pitched up and well played. Doesn't matter what happens the previous ball - Dravid is ready for the next. Gets forward and creams it into the covers, but can't pierce the gap.;
38.2;4;Siddle to Dravid, FOUR runs superb delivery and Dravid edges past the stumps. Siddle gets that to keep jagging in from wide of off stump, Dravid didn't have the room to cut but was sucked into the shot. It hits the inside edge and whistles past the stumps.;
38.1;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run Dravid leaves a length offering outside the stumps go alone.;
37.6;4;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, FOUR runs MCG roars. The buzz is reaching maddening proportions. Tendulkar is putting a show. Pitched up on the stumps, the ball doesn't deviate from the straight and thuds ominously into the middle of the broadest bat in the business. Easily beats mid-on and speeds away.;
37.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, no run stays back again and blocks a length ball to the off side.;
37.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, no run stays on the crease and defends a length ball down the track.;
37.3;4;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, FOUR runs another masterly cover drive from the master. Not quite as 'perfect' as the previous one, since this wasn't on a driving length. But the imperfection makes the shot even more special. Sachin half-trots towards the line and then the hands and eyes take over as he caresses on the up.;
37.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, no run keeps him on the crease with a back of a length ball, defended from the crease to the off side.;
37.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, no run short of a length outside off and holding its line. Tendulkar shuffles across and leaves.;
36.6;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run pitched up now, despite the bouncer last ball Dravid's footwork and balance are ready for the forward press and drive. He can't beat mid-off, though.;
36.5;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run good bouncer, forces Dravid to arch back quickly and drop his wrists.;
36.4;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run short of a length on the stumps, Dravid hops and defends it down the track.;
36.3;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run goes fuller, Dravid seems over-eager to drive off the front foot and ends up inside-edging towards mid-on.;
36.2;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run similar ball, doesn't draw Dravid forward as he shoulders arms.;
36.1;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run full length ball wide of off stump, Dravid lets it go.;
35.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, no run back of a length on the stumps, Tendulkar covers the line and blocks down the track.;
35.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, no run back of a length, Tendulkar cracks it square now. Boy, is he timing the ball today ...;
35.4;4;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, FOUR runs poor stuff from Hilfy. A gift for Tendulkar who is anyway scoring in a massive hurry. Angled into the pads on a full length, and Tendulkar glances it down to fine leg for four.;
35.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, no run back of a length on off stump, defended solidly down the track.;
35.2;1;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, 1 run again on the pads, Dravid nudges it with the angle through square leg for a single.;
35.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, no run nips in off the seam onto the pads, and Dravid works it square.;
34.6;4;Siddle to Tendulkar, FOUR runs oh gorgeous! The people in MCG have got their money's worth for coming in today! Tendulkar plays the best cover drive you'll ever see. Over-pitched outside off, he waltzes forward and creams it on a bent knee, and ends up with a bent elbow. The ball shoots through the covers in haste.;
34.5;4;Siddle to Tendulkar, FOUR runs four more in cheeky fashion! Tendulkar sees a short ball, barely outside off, he waits on it to come beside him and then slaps it with an opened face. Was he trying to go over the slips? He went between the slips and gully at catchable height, but it looked like he picked that gap.;
34.4;?;Siddle to Tendulkar, no run back of a length outside off stump, SRT lets it go through to the keeper.;
34.3;1;Siddle to Dravid, 1 run short ball, Dravid hops back and punches through the covers to get a single.;
34.2;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run pitched up at pace on the stumps, Dravid gets forward and covers the line to defend down the track.;
34.1;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run short ball outside the off stump, Dravid weaves out of harms way.;
33.6;1;Hussey to Dravid, 1 run short and wide, Dravid creams it through point for a single to the man at deep point.;
33.5;?;Hussey to Dravid, no run better line, attacks the stumps with a straight delivery. Dravid defends off the front foot.;
33.4;?;Hussey to Dravid, no run length ball outside off, Dravid lets it go. The Hussey experiment must be close to an end now.;
33.3;?;Hussey to Dravid, no run stays on the crease and opens the face to defend to the off side.;
33.2;?;Hussey to Dravid, no run fuller length on off stump, defended off the front foot to the off side.;
33.1;4;Hussey to Dravid, FOUR runs Hussey strays onto Dravid's pads, and he generates impressive bat speed with a vicious twirl of the wrists on the back foot. The ball bounds along between square leg and midwicket for four.;
32.6;?;Siddle to Tendulkar, no run full length on off and middle, defended off the front foot down the track.;
32.5;1;Siddle to Dravid, 1 run angling into the pads now, Dravid is on the crease, but the bat turns at the right moment to get a single behind square.;
32.4;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run fuller and attacking the stumps, Dravid stays solid in defence.;
32.3;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run back of a length and wide of off, Dravid rises on the toes and steers square. Can't beat point and asks Sachin to wait.;
32.2;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run stays solidly behind the line and defends to the off side. Early signs are that Dravid looks more settled than he did in the lead-up to tea.;
32.1;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run back of a length from Siddle, Dravid stays on the crease and defends to the leg side.;
31.6;?;Hussey to Tendulkar, no run short of a length, Tendulkar gets across and laboriously turns it to the leg side.;
31.5;1;Hussey to Dravid, 1 run opens the face now as he leans out and steers through cover for a single.;
31.4;1;Hussey to Tendulkar, 1 run fuller length, draws him forward and he defends to the off side.;
31.3;?;Hussey to Tendulkar, no run gets behind a length ball and defends it softly.;
31.2;?;Hussey to Tendulkar, no run angling in, Sachin defends to the leg side with the angle.;
31.1;?;Hussey to Tendulkar, no run aha, slips the first ball down the leg side, no doubt looking for a stumping. He accounted for Jesse Ryder in similar style recently. Sachin misses the glance, but doesn't take the back foot out of the crease.;
30.6;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run seams away from a length, not close enough to Dravid to force a shot out of him. He leaves.;
30.5;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run leans out to a wider ball outside off and defends into the covers.;
30.4;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run fuller length, Dravid is solidly behind the defensive push down the track.;
30.3;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run back of a length to Dravid, who shuffles back and across to let it go to the keeper.;
30.2;3;Siddle to Tendulkar, 3 runs over-pitched on the pads, Sachin whips fluently for three more. Roaring start this.;
30.1;6;Siddle to Tendulkar, SIX runs Tendulkar has upper-cut him for six first ball after tea! He did this a lot the last time he was in Aus, especially in the CB series finals. Short and wide outside off, not much width, Sachin stays under it and opens the face upwards to slap it over the slips. And all the way.;
29.6;1;Hussey to Tendulkar, 1 run Tendulkar survives until tea. Length ball on the pads, nudged with the angle through square leg for a single.;
29.5;?;Hussey to Tendulkar, no run nearly gone! Hussey swings it in sharply from outside off, Tendulkar looked to on-drive and the inside edge hit the pad and looped up perilously before lading just short of silly mid-on. What a moment that!;
29.4;?;Hussey to Tendulkar, no run length ball angled onto the pads, worked cautiously to the leg side.;
29.3;?;Hussey to Tendulkar, no run slow and full yorker on the off stump, Tendulkar jams down on it attentively. Good fun, this!;
29.2;?;Hussey to Tendulkar, no run much wider outside off, Sachin happily leaves it. Four balls to go.;
29.1;?;Hussey to Tendulkar, no run sharp away swing from a length as Haddin stands up to the stumps. Sachin leaves.;
28.6;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run Dravid hangs on the crease and defends watchfully to the leg side to end the over.;
28.5;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run Dravid stays behind the line and lets a length ball go.;
28.4;1;Pattinson to Tendulkar, 1 run inside edge safe. Full length ball outside off, Sachin isn't forward soon enough as he looks to drive, and the edge bursts through his legs.;
28.3;?;Pattinson to Tendulkar, no run short of a length outside off and holding its line. Tendulkar leaves.;
28.2;W;Pattinson to Sehwag, OUT a very good spell of fast bowling in the last 20 minutes of so has produced a wicket. The trouble was at the other end, with Dravid, but Sehwag is the man who has gone. He's livid with himself. It was on a length and a touch wide of off stump, Sehwag went for the blazing cover drive, as always all hands and no feet. The ball seamed in marginally, the inside edge was taken, and it crashed into the stumps.;Virender Sehwag b Pattinson 67 (127m 83b 7x4 0x6) SR: 80.72;
28.1;?;Pattinson to Sehwag, no run short of a length ball, negotiated safely from the crease.;
27.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, no run fuller, Dravid pulls out the copy book forward defensive.;
27.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, no run cuts the room now, on off stump and forcing Dravid to defend with a straight bat.;
27.4;2;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, 2 runs another one short and wide, Dravid cuts it past a diving Warner at point and gets some release.;
27.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, no run short of a length, Dravid cuts without timing towards the covers.;
27.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, no run more organised now, lets a wobbler outside off go through to the keeper.;
27.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, no run Dravid's beaten for the fourth time in 10 minutes. This time the ball misses the inside edge as Hilfy cuts one in. Clearly Dravid was thinking of the many outside edges he escaped, and the ball slid through the bat-pad gap. Missed the stumps, though. Big caught behind appeal, no edge and ruled not out.;
26.6;?;Pattinson to Sehwag, no run this is impressive from Pattinson, thuds in a short ball at good pace and Sehwag barely controls the defensive dab to the off side.;
26.5;1;Pattinson to Dravid, 1 run angled into the pads, Dravid works it square for one.;
26.4;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run Dravid beaten again and looking a little iffy now. That wasn't close enough to the stumps for him to play it but he still went feeling for it as it nipped away.;
26.3;1;Pattinson to Sehwag, 1 run pitched up outside off, Sehwag drives to cover for one.;
26.2;?;Pattinson to Sehwag, no run appeal for a catch at short leg and it is given not out! Did Sehwag nick that onto his hip? Short ball angling in, he tries to fend it to the leg side, and it pops up off the thigh. Everyone goes up the moment it is held at square leg. No edge. HotSpot says so too, or whatever I can see on the replay, with short leg obscuring the view from side-on.;
26.1;?;Pattinson to Sehwag, no run over-pitched on off stump, Sehwag looks to blaze it through the covers but doesn't get the gap.;
25.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, no run Dravid undone again by away seam. He looked infallible until the last over, but twice in a short span, he's been left befuddled by balls that have left him. Almost a repeat of what Pattinson did, this too hit the seam on a length and darted away past the searching outside edge.;
25.5;2;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, 2 runs pitched up and Dravid takes up the challenge to lean forward and drive through the line. Threads the covers for a couple.;
25.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, no run shorter length, extra lift from outside off. Dravid rides it and steers to point.;
25.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, no run back of a length outside off and holding its line. Dravid watches closely and lets it go to the keeper.;
25.2;1;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, 1 run short ball on the hips, Sehwag fends it away off the glove for a single.;
25.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, no run short ball on off stump, Sehwag arches back to manufacture room but can't create enough. Defends it to the off side.;
24.6;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run beaten by a peach. What a follow-up to a big indipper! This one darted away off the seam, opened up Dravid who had to play but he escapes without a nick as he tries to cover the line.;
24.5;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run lovely stuff from Pattinson, and exemplary leaving from Dravid. This one came in as well, late and sharp as Dravid shouldered arms.;
24.4;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run length ball too wide outside off to trouble Dravid, who lets it go.;
24.3;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run fuller length, Dravid leans out to defend to the off side.;
24.3;1w;Pattinson to Dravid, 1 wide over-cooked bouncer, too short as Dravid ducks under, and it is called a wide.;
24.2;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run that came in with the seam, Dravid shoulders arms. Came close to off stump, that.;
24.1;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run back of a length outside off stump, Dravid drops the wrists and lets it go. These two are batting beautifully.;
23.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, no run back of a length, Sehwag gets back and across to cover the line and defend it.;
23.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, no run that comes in with the angle, Sehwag gets forward and defends to the leg side.;
23.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, no run short ball outside off, Sehwag bends to avoid.;
23.3;2;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, 2 runs over-compensation. On the pads now, and Sehwag deflects it towards fine-leg for two more.;
23.2;4;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, FOUR runs carved. With all the grace of a butcher. A foot or so outside off at no extra pace, and at a good height. Sehwag's bat swings an arc after the ball passes him, and it disappears past gully.;
23.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, no run short of a length on off stump, Sehwag calmly defends from the crease to the off side.;
22.6;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run full length ball wide of off stump, enough to allow Dravid to shoulder arms.;
22.5;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run good attacking length coming in from wide of the crease, on a length. Meets the middle of the middle of Dravid's bat as he presses forward to defend.;
22.4;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run short ball angles in at pace and Dravid arches back to sway out of harm's way.;
22.3;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run Dravid gets forward and defends solidly to mid-off.;
22.2;1;Pattinson to Sehwag, 1 run third man is back now, so Sehwag gets only a single. Short and marginally wide of off stump. Sehwag sits beside the line and cracks it over gully.;
22.1;?;Pattinson to Sehwag, no run back of a length on off stump, Sehwag hangs back and defends to the off side.;
21.6;?;Lyon to Dravid, no run edged but there's no backward square leg. Lovely delivery, drifted in, dipped and turned to take the inside edge as Dravid looked to nudge square. Safe once it eluded short leg.;
21.5;?;Lyon to Dravid, no run loopy on the middle and off line, Dravid leans out to smother it towards the mid-on area.;
21.4;?;Lyon to Dravid, no run fired in a touch faster, Dravid stays back in the crease and soft-bats it at the last moment.;
21.3;?;Lyon to Dravid, no run drifts wider outside off and spins in, Dravid pads it away.;
21.2;?;Lyon to Dravid, no run that bounced a lot more than Dravid expected as he went back and looked to play towards midwicket. Defends it in the end.;
21.1;?;Lyon to Dravid, no run tossed up on off stump, works it with the turn to the leg side.;
20.6;?;Pattinson to Sehwag, no run Sehwag stays behind a length ball and defends to the off side.;
20.5;?;Pattinson to Sehwag, no run Vikram Seth will write a book on this innings. He's call it "Two Lives - Redux". Horrible from Haddin, who drops Sehwag again. Regulation nick that. Pattinson got him driving hard and loose to a length away seamer and the edge carried nicely. Haddin dived to the right, but the ball didn't even hit his palm. It hit his wrist and went down. What a clanger.;
20.4;?;Pattinson to Sehwag, no run beaten by a hint of seam. Sehwag drives on the up from his crease to a length ball that went away. And misses.;
20.3;?;Pattinson to Sehwag, no run back of a length on off stump, Sehwag stays back on the crease and defends to mid-off.;
20.2;2;Pattinson to Sehwag, 2 runs short of a length and hustling Sehwag back, but he neatly skips inside the line and tucks it behind square for two.;
20.1;?;Pattinson to Sehwag, no run bumper to start off the new spell, Sehwag ducks under it happily.;
19.6;?;Lyon to Dravid, no run sanity at Dravid's end. Defends a full ball immaculately.;
19.5;1;Lyon to Sehwag, 1 run did that land short? Sehwag skips out to the flight and whiplashes from wide of off stump airily towards mid-on, where his protege, Warner, is lurking. One of the best fielders in the world, mind you. He dived forward and seemed to get his hands under it, but couldn't quite scoop it. Looked like Sehwag wanted to go closer to midwicket than mid-on. That's a life.;
19.4;4;Lyon to Sehwag, FOUR runs goes with the turn now. Lyon might as well be tossing up golf balls at him, since Sehwag's teeing off. Beats the deepish mid-on now easily as the ball rolls past the straight boundary.;
19.3;4;Lyon to Sehwag, FOUR runs fifty to Sehwag. One of his slower ones, it has taken all off 59 balls. Pitched up outside off, Sehwag tees off straight enough to elude the very straight, very deep mid-off. Well played.;
19.2;2;Lyon to Sehwag, 2 runs there he's done just that. Pitched up outside off, Sehwag drives on the up with an inside-out flourish for a couple.;
19.1;2;Lyon to Sehwag, 2 runs Lyon again cuts out room outside off for Sehwag, who works a back of length ball behind square for a couple.;
18.6;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run back of a length outside off and seaming away, Dravid lets it go.;
18.5;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run short ball, hustles Dravid back but he's up to it. Defended from the crease with soft hands.;
18.4;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run middles the forward press this time. Full ball outside off, played to cover.;
18.3;4;Siddle to Dravid, FOUR runs edged, but controlled. Dravid leans out to cover the line, but the ball seamed away marginally and took the edge. Dravid softened the grip well to let it run down to the ground for a couple past the cordon.;
18.2;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run full and just outside off to Dravid, who shoulders arms.;
18.1;1;Siddle to Sehwag, 1 run length ball on off stump, mid on and mid off are standing in an entirely different zip code. Sehwag is happy to push a single to mid-on.;
17.6;?;Lyon to Dravid, no run tossed up on the stumps, defended back down the track.;
17.5;?;Lyon to Dravid, no run flighted outside off, Dravid drives against the turn to mid-off.;
17.4;?;Lyon to Dravid, no run turns in gently from wide of off stump, Dravid leans out and shoulders arms.;
17.3;2;Lyon to Dravid, 2 runs turns down the leg side, Dravid gets a faint tickle on it down to fine leg.;
17.2;2;Lyon to Dravid, 2 runs Dravid jumps back to an offbreak turning in and cuts against the turn in front of point. Classy.;
17.1;1;Lyon to Sehwag, 1 run sharp spin for Lyon, that gripped and burst into Sehwag who'd have expected room. He ended up dabbing to the leg side.;
16.6;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run good ball, that seamed in from short of a length. Dravid chose to leave, the ball hurtled over the stumps at pace.;
16.5;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run textbook defensive stroke from the man who has the textbook in his back pocket at all times. Leans out to the line and defends with the high elbow.;
16.4;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run full length on the stumps, Dravid defends super solidly to the off side.;
16.3;1;Siddle to Sehwag, 1 run in the air but safe. A couple of strange shots from Sehwag today, but he's mostly restrained himself. Scoops a full ball from middle and leg almost inside out into the cover. The ball pops up perilously but lands safe.;
16.2;?;Siddle to Sehwag, no run back of a length, Sehwag is behind the line and defends with soft hands.;
16.1;?;Siddle to Sehwag, no run quick bouncer angled towards the body, but short enough for Sehwag to duck under.;
15.6;?;Lyon to Dravid, no run shorter length, Dravid stays back and nudges with the turn behind square.;
15.5;1;Lyon to Sehwag, 1 run he's not going after him yet. Turning from middle towards leg, Sehwag nurdles a single behind square.;
15.4;1;Lyon to Dravid, 1 run this time he does, opening the face as he leans out and drives wide of extra cover for one.;
15.3;?;Lyon to Dravid, no run good stuff. Drops it short of full length, and Dravid defends the line. He can't get to the flight this time.;
15.2;2;Lyon to Dravid, 2 runs tossed up, Dravid flicks it straight through Ponting, who plays Hollow Man at midwicket.;
15.1;?;Lyon to Dravid, no run Dravid presses forward and steers a full ball to point. He wants a single, but they decide against it in the end.;
14.6;?;Siddle to Sehwag, no run stays back on the crease and defends to the off side. Sehwag's batting quite slow today. He's laboured through 50 balls to score 39.;
14.5;?;Siddle to Sehwag, no run short ball on the hips, Sehwag works it square carefully.;
14.4;4;Siddle to Sehwag, FOUR runs classy from Sehwag. Back of a length just outside off, no room for the cut and no length for the drive. Sehwag thinks, no problem, and opens the face to steer it through the cordon for four.;
14.3;4;Siddle to Sehwag, FOUR runs and the gap this time. It was almost as full, a foot wider of off stump, and Sehwag opened the face as he drove on the up. The ball bursts between cover and mid-off. Sehwag ran the first one away from the pitch to avoid Siddle, but bumped into him - completely unintentionally - while coming back. He apologises immediately and Siddle doesn't make a big deal out of it. Good to see.;
14.2;?;Siddle to Sehwag, no run pitched up, Sehwag has been playing back mostly but he's ready for the drive the moment it is in his half. Doesn't move the feet one jot, mind you, but cracks the drive straight to mid-off.;
14.1;2;Siddle to Sehwag, 2 runs leading edge from Sehwag not for the first time today. This is strange, since he isn't playing across the line. Just seems to be closing the face early a touch. This was on leg stump, and skimmed in the air towards gully.;
13.6;?;Lyon to Dravid, no run Dravid once again reaches out to the flight and gets there to drive fluently to mid-off. Lovely intent from Dravid, and a good start from Lyon. Gets a maiden.;
13.5;?;Lyon to Dravid, no run flighted wide of off stump, Dravid lunges out long to get to the flight and drives to cover.;
13.4;?;Lyon to Dravid, no run a polite touch of spin on a length ball well wide of off stump, Dravid lets go.;
13.3;?;Lyon to Dravid, no run hint of drift for Lyon, very full so tough to say how much he's spinning it. Dravid smothers.;
13.2;?;Lyon to Dravid, no run flighted outside off, Dravid reaches forward and defends.;
13.1;?;Lyon to Dravid, no run tossed up outside off, Dravid on-drives with the turn to mid-on.;
12.6;?;Siddle to Sehwag, no run short of a length on off stump, Sehwag stays back and defends.;
12.5;?;Siddle to Sehwag, no run over-pitched at pace on the stumps. Looking for the pad or the stumps, but it meets the middle of Sehwag's bat as he on-drives to mid-on.;
12.4;?;Siddle to Sehwag, no run cuts the angle, that's got to be the idea against Sehwag. Defends from the crease.;
12.3;4;Siddle to Sehwag, FOUR runs and Sehwag's gone after it as soon as he gets the chance, when third man isn't around. Short and much wider than the last over, Sehwag carves it over the slips and the ball lands close to the boundary.;
12.2;?;Siddle to Sehwag, no run that got big on him. 143 kph and just short of a length, but that ascended steeply there after. Sehwag was sucked into a steer through the off side, and was beaten by the bounce.;
12.1;?;Siddle to Sehwag, no run good stuff from Siddle! Thunders down a real quick bouncer - he is generally even quicker than Pattinson - at Sehwag's ribs. Sehwag hops and fends to the leg side. Where is short leg?;
11.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, no run Dravid safely negotiates a length wobbler outside off stump.;
11.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, no run;
11.4;1;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, 1 run on the pads yet again, Hilfy's away seam movement has subsided a touch. Worked behind square for a single.;
11.3;2;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, 2 runs the outfield is heavy? Full ball straying onto the pads, and Sehwag literally swats it over square leg. The ball slows up on the boundary and he gets two.;
11.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, no run back of a length on off stump, Sehwag defends to the off side.;
11.1;2;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, 2 runs good length ball, Sehwag drives down the ground but didn't middle it. The ball didn't seem to come on. Dravid had to get out of the way and hence started late for the first, but they should have still got three. Siddle and Lyon tag it together and both dive to stop the four.;
10.6;1;Siddle to Sehwag, 1 run Sehwag has 8000. Short ball aimed at the ribs - perfect angle to Sehwag - he hops and fends behind square and gets a single to fine leg.;
10.5;3;Siddle to Dravid, 3 runs Dravid flows into that one. Siddle goes a shade fuller, enough for Dravid to reach across and get right up to the pitch and swirl it through point. Didn't time it very well, but enough to get three.;
10.4;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run that seamed away a touch. Needs to be closer to off stump to trouble Dravid, though. He lets this go.;
10.3;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run pitched further up on off stump, gets Dravid forward and he defends to the covers.;
10.2;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run operates on a good length again, not much seam or swing so far from Siddle. Another leave from Dravid.;
10.1;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run brisk start, full length ball at pace outside off. Dravid leans across and shoulders arms.;
9.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, no run bumper outside off now, not the fastest, but the packed cordon behind square on the off side prevents Sehwag from thoughts of the upper cut. He lets it go.;
9.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, no run this one holds its line outside off, Sehwag hops in the crease and defends to the off side.;
9.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, no run Hilfy again cuts it into Sehwag off the seam, no room for the man to work with. He defends to the leg side from the crease.;
9.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, no run back of a length on the hips, nudged with the angle to midwicket. Sehwag consciously keeps it down.;
9.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, no run bumper from Hilfenhaus, Sehwag ducks almost immediately.;
9.1;1;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, 1 run back of a length outside off, Dravid dabs to cover and sets off for one.;
8.6;?;Pattinson to Sehwag, no run pitched up wide of off stump, Sehwag lets it go to the keeper.;
8.5;?;Pattinson to Sehwag, no run angling in from a length, Sehwag is cramped for room and defends quietly.;
8.4;1;Pattinson to Dravid, 1 run on the pads again, this time Dravid's nudge is fielded by short leg, who then under-arms towards the bowler's end. An overthrow results.;
8.3;4;Pattinson to Dravid, FOUR runs vintage Dravid to get off the mark. Pitched up on the toes and he caresses it motoring through midwicket.;
8.2;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run full pitched on the stumps, near yorker, but Dravid comes down on it and plays to mid-on.;
8.1;1;Pattinson to Sehwag, 1 run well played. Sehwag is beaten by the movement, but softens the grip to ensure it goes down and past the slips. There's a third man in place, so the damage is minimal.;
7.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, no run welcomed to the crease by a peach. It was a mirror image of the ball that got Gambhir, but closer to off stump, forcing the batsman to play. Dravid tried to cover the line but it nipped away devilishly to beat the edge.;
7.5;W;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, OUT heat at one end, the wicket comes at the other. Gambhir once again perishes to an indiscretion outside the off stump. Top bowling from Hilfenhaus, but aided by an average shot too. Short of a length, at least a foot and a half outside off stump to start with. The ball then seamed away, and Gambhir had a good enough sight at it, to leave if he wanted to. He chose not to, and fiddled to produce a faint edge through to the keeper. Aus have a wicket.;Gautam Gambhir c ?Haddin b Hilfenhaus 3 (35m 23b 0x4 0x6) SR: 13.04;
7.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run fuller length and angling away, Gambhir opens the face and steers square.;
7.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run;
7.2;1;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, 1 run ooh, inside edge. The feet are nowhere. Is Sehwag still disgruntled? That missed the stumps.;
7.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, no run bouncer, Sehwag quickly ducks under it.;
6.6;?;Pattinson to Gambhir, no run pitched up again, Gambhir plays it back down the pitch.;
6.5;?;Pattinson to Gambhir, no run full ball on off stump, Gambhir defends to the off side.;
6.4;1;Pattinson to Sehwag, 1 run gets the whip away now, controlled and down to the ground for a single.;
6.3;2;Pattinson to Sehwag, 2 runs whoa, I almost jinxed him there. Full ball on leg stump line, Sehwag looks to work it to the leg side but gets a thick outside edge that lobs up over the midwicket area.;
6.2;?;Pattinson to Sehwag, no run back of a length, Sehwag is on the back foot immediately to defend towards point.;
6.1;?;Pattinson to Sehwag, no run zippy! 146 kph on a speedy bumper, Sehwag arches back and sways out of the way as it buzzes through at pace just outside off stump.;
5.6;1;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, 1 run goes too straight this time, Sehwag whips behind square and gets a single to the deep.;
5.6;1nb;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, (no ball) length ball straightens towards the pads, Sehwag works it to the square leg area. No-ball it is.;
5.5;1;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, 1 run straightens towards middle and leg, Gambhir nudges round the corner for a single.;
5.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run shorter and straighter, Gambhir gets inside the line and tucks it square.;
5.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run poor shot from Gambhir, needlessly chases a wide ball though the slips are packed with fielders. Play and a miss.;
5.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run full length on off stump, Gambhir leans across to the line and defends to the off side.;
5.1;1;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, 1 run full length on off stump, Sehwag drives past mid-off for one.;
4.6;1;Pattinson to Sehwag, 1 run in the air, past Hussey at gully. It wasn't an edge. Sehwag intentionally plays the steer in the air, and Hussey flies away to his right to intercept the rocket. He can't hold it though. That's a chance! He is standing much behind the usual gully position. Got both hands to it as it died on him.;
4.5;4;Pattinson to Sehwag, FOUR runs typical Sehwag. Played several of these on-the-up flays the last time he was at the G. Pitched up and going away from well wide of off stump. Sehwag's feet are rooted to where they were and crashes it through the line through the covers.;
4.4;?;Pattinson to Sehwag, no run beaten outside off. Sehwag goes back and looks to defend to the off side as Pattinson straightens one down the straight. He was playing down the wrong line.;
4.3;2;Pattinson to Sehwag, 2 runs yorker tried on the stumps, very full and fast on middle and leg, but Sehwag jams down on it well and gets it away square.;
4.2;?;Pattinson to Sehwag, no run pushes Sehwag back with a heavy ball, Sehwag is quick to go back in the crease and guide it square. Yells "No!" several times as he plays the ball.;
4.1;?;Pattinson to Sehwag, no run length ball on off stump, Sehwag opens the face as he hangs on the crease and defends to the off side.;
3.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run beaten by a subtle offcutter. Lands on off and cuts away past Gambhir's tentative prod. Good start from Hifenhaus after the break.;
3.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run better, lets the ball go outside off as Hilfy probes away on a length.;
3.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run pitched up well wide of off stump, invites the drive. Gambhir's had this tendency to drive loosely since the West Indies series. He goes for this and misses.;
3.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run Hilfy straightens one from a length outside Gambhir's off stump. He leaves.;
3.2;1;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, 1 run he's away after lunch, quietly pushing a length ball on middle to leg to the off side for a single.;
3.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, no run monster ball! Swung in with the angle and then seamed away crazily, Sehwag knew he wasn't going to cover the line and held the bat inside the line. Good decision.;
2.6;?;Pattinson to Gambhir, no run that held its line as it angled across, Gambhir kept the bat out of the way. India have negotiated the passage to Lunch without breach.;
2.5;?;Pattinson to Gambhir, no run Pattinson nips one into Gambhir from back of a length. Gambhir's feet are still not moving and he inner edges onto the pads.;
2.4;1;Pattinson to Sehwag, 1 run short of a length, a shot of sanity from Sehwag. He dabs towards cover-point and gets a single.;
2.3;?;Pattinson to Sehwag, no run over-pitched on the toes, Sehwag times the on-drive quite well but finds mid-on.;
2.2;?;Pattinson to Sehwag, no run Sehwag tries to hit Pattinson into the ocean. Full length ball, quite wide of off stump and Sehwag just heaves from where he stands. Play and a miss!;
2.1;1;Pattinson to Gambhir, 1 run short ball on the hips and played really well. Gambhir hops and fends fine to beat the man crouching at short leg and they get a single.;
1.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, no run goes fishing again with an angled face, as Hilfy seams it away off the straight. Sehwag's beaten twice and goes over the top once in his first over. Vintage Sehwag.;
1.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, no run stays on the crease and lets a back of length ball go through to the keeper.;
1.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, no run beaten outside off by Hilfy's stock away seamer. Comes from in front of the stumps, lands on off and goes away, past Sehwag's loose waft.;
1.3;1;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, 1 run Gambhir gets that sneaky single away now, dabbing a length ball in front of point and scuttling across before Warner can get there.;
1.2;1;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, 1 run back of a length, on the hips and nudged behind square in more conventional style.;
1.1;2;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, 2 runs Sehwag says Hello Australia by scooping his first ball over mid-off. Full ball wide of off stump, seaming away, and not really coming on. Sehwag's feet stay where they are, and his arms swish through the line. He hits the ball low on the bat, and does enough to go over mid-off.;
0.6;?;Pattinson to Gambhir, no run another good length ball to end the over, Gambhir defends to the off side and takes three steps for the single before returning to his lair.;
0.5;?;Pattinson to Gambhir, no run similar ball angled across, closer to off stump this time - good pace, but not much movement for Pattinson. Another leave.;
0.4;?;Pattinson to Gambhir, no run angled across well wide of off stump, easy leave for Gambhir.;
0.3;?;Pattinson to Gambhir, no run super tentative from Gambhir. Expecting another short ball, his front foot goes nowhere to a full length ball, and he pokes well away from the body. Inside edge runs to the leg side.;
0.2;?;Pattinson to Gambhir, no run pacy bouncer, but far too short. Gambhir ducks into it.;
0.1;?;Pattinson to Gambhir, no run length ball on off stump, Gambhir, as is his wont, drops to the off side and immediately looks for a single. Not to be had. He is a strange judge of a single.;

Right, Gambhir takes guard and Sehwag trots to the non-striker's end. The former's first Test in this country. The last time the latter was here at the G, he pulverised an audacious 195. This should intrigue. Three slips, short leg and a gully. Over the stumps is Pattinson.
 Innings Start
So India allowing Australia to add 61 today morning, including 43 by the last pair. They now need to make 292, it will be a tough ask. The Australia fast bowlers have given themselves more to defend than their batsmen afforded them, with Pattinson leading the way with an extremely composed unbeaten 37, in addition to his first-innings 18, also unbeaten
A big plus for India from this Test will be how Zaheer Khan managed his heavy workload, he bowled 51 overs in the match, the only other time he bowled more than 50 in a match was back in Jan 2006, against Pakistan in the Faisalabad run-fest
Bastiaan: "Crafty India... Very crafty... Trying to tire out our opening bowlers... Well done Hilfy... You saw what they were doing and put an end to it!"
DCYLee: "Well done to J-Patt! With a couple of red-ink innings in this match, he may be the answer to providing the solidity we need at #8 in the batting order. He's shown an excellent technique."
76.3;W;Sharma to Hilfenhaus, OUT that's the end of that then, but after the last pair has added 43, Ishant pitches it up for the drive, Hilfenhaus goes for it, a touch feebly, and Laxman does not drop the sharp outside edge at second slip;Ben Hilfenhaus c Laxman b Sharma 14 (45m 29b 2x4 0x6) SR: 48.27;
76.2;?;Sharma to Hilfenhaus, no run very fine leave in the end, he was almost about to fiddle with it, had raised his bat to play a stroke bu decided to let it pass, wasn't far from off stump in the end;
76.1;1;Sharma to Pattinson, 1 run runs all around, can't believe Australia are nine down with the kind of spread-out fields, and the lack of pressure, dinked towards mdwicket for one more;
75.6;4;Ashwin to Hilfenhaus, FOUR runs now he pitches it up, but overdoes it, and Hilfenhaus shows neat footowork by getting to the pitch and easing it past mid off, this one will go to the boundary, fairly quickly;
75.5;4;Ashwin to Hilfenhaus, 4 runs way too short, have no idea what he is expecting to happen with this length, Hilfenhaus has time to go back and cut it, though it will not go into the rope, they will run four;
75.4;?;Ashwin to Hilfenhaus, no run tries to smack it down the ground, but mistimes it back to Ashwin;
75.3;?;Ashwin to Hilfenhaus, no run bowls it full and on the stumps, he keeps it out somehow;
75.2;?;Ashwin to Hilfenhaus, no run quicker through the air, he gets forward and pushes it towards point;
75.1;1;Ashwin to Pattinson, 1 run length ball, on the pads, shades of the man he replaced in that, worked behind square;
74.6;?;Sharma to Hilfenhaus, no run goes for the full ball on to middle and leg, he waits and works it to the right of Tendulkar at mid-on, he cannot stop the ball cleanly;
74.5;?;Sharma to Hilfenhaus, no run straight delivery, three feet outside off, even No 11 is not going after that one;
74.4;1;Sharma to Pattinson, 1 run just opens the face to the length ball and takes an easy single to deep point;
74.3;?;Sharma to Pattinson, no run gets the line on middle stump now, Pattinson keeps it out with a straight bat;
74.2;?;Sharma to Pattinson, no run angle taking it across the left-hander, not far from off, but Pattinson is at ease shouldering arms;
74.1;?;Sharma to Pattinson, no run plays late, stays in the crease, lets the length ball come on, and drops it towards cover, looks for a single but decides against it;
73.6;1;Ashwin to Pattinson, 1 run flights it against Pattinson now outside off, he fetches it and swipes it in front of square on the leg side;
73.5;1;Ashwin to Hilfenhaus, 1 run bit of flight on this one, just a bit, he gets forward and pushes to extra cover for one;
73.4;?;Ashwin to Hilfenhaus, no run fires it in flat and quick, hilfenhaus keeps it out, with a hurried jab on the leg side;
73.3;?;Ashwin to Hilfenhaus, no run that stayed just a tad low from a length as he defended it down the track;
73.2;?;Ashwin to Hilfenhaus, no run shortish one patted back down the track;
73.1;1;Ashwin to Pattinson, 1 run spears it in to the pads from around the stumps and they take another single down to fine leg;
72.6;?;Khan to Hilfenhaus, no run gets the line outside off now, moving away slightly from a good length, he has a waft at it, almost as an afterthought, and misses;
72.5;?;Khan to Hilfenhaus, no run the last pair is bothering India, Zaheer tries to do too much with the changed angle, and sends it down leg;
72.4;1;Khan to Pattinson, 1 run worked to the right of mid on for another single;
72.4;3nb;Khan to Pattinson, (no ball) 2 runs he goes for something more on this one from wide of the crease, and oversteps, Pattinson takes two more as he works it off the pad behind square;
72.3;?;Khan to Pattinson, no run pushed towards mid off;
72.2;4;Khan to Pattinson, FOUR runs outside edge flies past a diving gully, no luck for Zaheer, he got it to hold its line from a fuller length around off, Pattinson pushed at it, but Sehwag had no chance at gully;
72.1;?;Khan to Pattinson, no run holding its line but starting too far outside off to make any impact;
71.6;?;Ashwin to Hilfenhaus, no run fired in now towards the pads, loops up to short leg as he makes no attempt to fiddle with it;
71.5;?;Ashwin to Hilfenhaus, no run quite shortish again, easily punched to extra cover;
71.4;?;Ashwin to Hilfenhaus, no run worked out towards midwicket from the crease;
71.3;?;Ashwin to Hilfenhaus, no run better delivery, fuller, closer to off, and beating the edge on the forward push;
71.2;4;Ashwin to Hilfenhaus, FOUR runs too short, widish too outside off, and Hilfenhaus accepts the offer, backs away and thwacks it past extra cover;
71.1;?;Ashwin to Hilfenhaus, no run shortish one coming on slowly, slapped away to extra cover;
70.6;2;Khan to Pattinson, 2 runs he comes back for the second, Zaheer putting in more effort on this one, and slipping it on to the pads, Pattinson instantly dinked it to fine leg and rushed back;
70.5;?;Khan to Pattinson, no run he throws down the bait, with a slightly wider and fuller one, Pattinson resists and leaves;
70.4;?;Khan to Pattinson, no run and then this one carries in with the angle, more nip, touch fuller, he does well to defend solidly towards cover;
70.3;?;Khan to Pattinson, no run and again, this one with a touch more away shape on it, as Pattinson is left pushing inside the line;
70.2;?;Khan to Pattinson, no run Pattinson is beaten this time, has a poke at a length delivery close to off stump, just about holding its line;
70.1;1;Khan to Hilfenhaus, 1 run mid off is deepish, Hilfenhaus gets on the front foot and swats a pitched up ball to the fielder's left, easy single, to No 11;
69.6;4;Yadav to Pattinson, FOUR runs shades of Mitchell Johnson in that pull shot, as it is emphatically smashed through midwicket, Pattinson continues to hurt India;
69.5;2;Yadav to Pattinson, 2 runs just a push and two runs to deep point, thank you so much Mr Dhoni;
69.4;2;Yadav to Pattinson, 2 runs dropped by Zaheer running in from fine leg, difficult chance it was, had to come in a lot after Pattinson top-edged the hook, he got both hands to it as he bent forward, but it popped out;
69.3;?;Yadav to Pattinson, no run pats away a length ball on the off side;
69.2;?;Yadav to Pattinson, no run much better delivery, on a length, not far from off stump, he does not go after it;
69.1;?;Yadav to Pattinson, no run has a swivel and a swish at this short ball a foot down leg, misses;
68.6;?;Khan to Hilfenhaus, no run looks to drive this length ball slanted across him but finds no timing on it;
68.5;?;Khan to Hilfenhaus, no run slower delivery, almost spooned it to extra cover as he pushed forward at it;
68.4;?;Khan to Hilfenhaus, no run bunts this full delivery back to the bowler;
68.3;?;Khan to Hilfenhaus, no run doing too much again with the changed angle, after hitting Hilfenhaus on the pads once more;
68.2;?;Khan to Hilfenhaus, no run hit on the pad but that was going down leg from the very full length;
68.1;?;Khan to Hilfenhaus, no run pushes a length ball on middle and leg off the front foot;
67.6;4;Yadav to Pattinson, FOUR runs smack! this one can bat, he really can, he has absolutely hammered this pitched up delivery, mid off tried to get to it with a lunging dive, but it had already sped past him;
67.5;?;Yadav to Pattinson, no run hit on the pad, but not too much of an appeal from India, Umesh finding a lot of inward shape in to the left-hander, that's why there was doubt about whether it would have hit leg;
67.4;?;Yadav to Pattinson, no run leaves this one alone outside off as it carries across with the angle;
67.3;?;Yadav to Pattinson, no run;
67.2;?;Yadav to Pattinson, no run appeal for caught behind turned down, it looked very close, there was a sound as Pattinson attempted the big drive to a widish delivery, but it was the sound of bat hitting ground, as replays show;
67.1;2;Yadav to Pattinson, 2 runs Pattinsone continues to get some runs, pushes the full delivery without any followthrough between cover and extra cover for two more;
66.6;?;Khan to Hilfenhaus, no run he goes for the yorker first up to No 11, but Hilfenhaus keeps out the full delivery without trouble with a soft push on the off side;
66.5;W;Khan to Hussey, OUT outstanding delivery it needed to get Michael Hussey, and Zaheer has produced it, he lets out his roar, Hussey had left quite superbly through his innings, but even he had to play at this, just short of a length, finding some bounce, and just enough away shape, just enough for Hussey to get a feather on it, Dhoni takes it happily, India need one more;Michael Hussey c ?Dhoni b Khan 89 (227m 151b 9x4 0x6) SR: 58.94;
66.4;?;Khan to Hussey, no run pushes the nippy length ball towards cover;
66.4;1nb;Khan to Hussey, (no ball) now Zaheer oversteps as he puts something more into the delivery after those two fours;
66.3;4;Khan to Hussey, FOUR runs more runs, Australia get closer to the 250-run lead, Hussey pushes forward, opens the face, runs it between slips and gully, neatly into the gap, there is no third man;
66.2;?;Khan to Hussey, no run good length now from Zaheer, tight line close to off, Hussey lets it go;
66.1;4;Khan to Hussey, FOUR runs shot! Hussey drives in typical fashion, eager stride forward, and belts the fullish one between extra cover and mid off;
65.6;?;Yadav to Pattinson, no run touch wide outside off and left alone;
65.5;?;Yadav to Pattinson, no run he is getting it to move in late, full length, Pattinson mistimes the attempted off drive past the bowler to mid on;
65.4;?;Yadav to Pattinson, no run left alone outside the off stump;
65.3;1;Yadav to Hussey, 1 run pushes an inswinging full one past the non-striker, mid-off is a touch slow in getting across as they complete the run;
65.2;?;Yadav to Hussey, no run;
65.1;?;Yadav to Hussey, no run appeal for caught behind down leg, fine take by Dhoni, Umesh bent it back in to the batsman from a fullish length, replays show that it brushed the thigh pad, but HotSpot shows a tiny mark on the inside edge of the bat;
64.6;?;Khan to Pattinson, no run fullish one just outside off now, he gets across and forward to block;
64.5;?;Khan to Pattinson, no run he is troubling Pattinson now, sends in a very full one two feet outside off, he looks to dab it away, but is beaten, might have snicked it on its way into the ground;
64.4;?;Khan to Pattinson, no run tries a similar delivery again, just a tad shorter, and closer to off, he defends neatly this time;
64.3;?;Khan to Pattinson, no run beats the outside edge, he is finding some away movement with this old ball, Pattinson was caught in the crease, and had a poke at it as it held its line from a good length;
64.2;?;Khan to Pattinson, no run Zaheer appeals for lbw, he seems particularly interested, did that strike him on the pad first, he awkwardly looked to defend even as Zaheer went for the yorker;
64.1;?;Khan to Pattinson, no run left alone outside off;
63.6;?;Yadav to Hussey, no run good stop by Sehwag at gully, Hussey had reached out and guided the full and wide one, and it was travelling fast;
63.5;?;Yadav to Hussey, no run uff, how close was that to off stump, Hussey is not bothered at all, he knows that area down to the last inch, it came in just a shade after being angled across on a length;
63.4;?;Yadav to Hussey, no run beaten on another drive, Umesh slants it fullish across Hussey, who looks to go extra cover again, but cannot connect this time;
63.3;?;Yadav to Hussey, no run tries to drive a pitched up widish one through extra cover, finds no timing on the stroke;
63.2;?;Yadav to Hussey, no run now he takes it across Hussey, close to off stump, but he has left superbly, and does so again;
63.1;?;Yadav to Hussey, no run an enquiry more than an appeal for lbw, Umesh curls it in late in to Hussey, he was in no position to work it in to the leg side as it tailed in, but the angle was taking it down leg, at least that is how it appeared to the naked eye, but ball tracker shows it hitting leg stump, now then;
62.6;?;Khan to Pattinson, no run that's the line, holding its line from a fullish length on off, he was playing from the crease, and managed a thickish edge towards point;
62.5;?;Khan to Pattinson, no run not making him play at the moment, some way outside off with the good length ball, hint of straightening, good carry, but he is happy to let it go;
62.4;?;Khan to Pattinson, no run dead-bats a length delivery on the off side off the front foot;
62.3;?;Khan to Pattinson, no run good shape away from Pattinson, the line was closer to off than in the previous over, the length much shorter, and that allowed him to withdraw the bat away;
62.2;1;Khan to Hussey, 1 run now he bends it in to the left-hander, much fuller, Hussey squeezes it in front of mid on and starts running almost immediately;
62.1;?;Khan to Hussey, no run good line from Zaheer, about a foot outside off stump, Hussey leaves it alone;
61.6;?;Yadav to Pattinson, no run still fuller and slanted across, he looks rather composed for a No 10, and is not messing around with those;
61.5;?;Yadav to Pattinson, no run the angle takes it across Pattinson, the length is fullish, and he can let it be;
61.4;?;Yadav to Pattinson, no run left alone outside off now;
61.3;4;Yadav to Pattinson, FOUR runs shot! fabulous shot really, coming from No 10, Pattinson moving to the pitch of the wide delivery slanted full across him, and smacking it between extra cover and mid-off, would have done his partner at the other end proud;
61.2;2;Yadav to Pattinson, 2 runs useful tickle through midwicket from Pattinson, using the fuller length on to the pads to work a couple;
61.1;?;Yadav to Pattinson, no run similar to the one that got Cowan, in fact, this one came in much more, Pattinson had already left it on the angle, but it nipped back in sharply, struck him too high though, on the thigh pad;
60.6;1b;Khan to Pattinson, 1 bye Dhoni concedes a bye as Zaheer sends this length ball down leg, it bounces in front of Dhoni, who is not particularly deft on the take, but Pattinson will be on strike next over, India will not mind that;
60.5;?;Khan to Pattinson, no run needs to get it closer to that off stump, the away movement is there alright, fine length too, inviting the drive, but Pattinson sees the line and leaves;
60.4;?;Khan to Pattinson, no run Zaheer tries the short ball, but it looped widish outside off, away from the batsman;
60.3;?;Khan to Pattinson, no run Pattinson keeps another one out, he make a half-forward movement to one angled in towards the off stump, and defends with an inside edge on to pad;
60.2;?;Khan to Pattinson, no run now this one came back in a shade, and pitched much closer to off stump, it's carefully defended;
60.1;?;Khan to Pattinson, no run gets away shape with the 60-over old ball first up, but it starts too wide outside off;
59.6;3b;Ashwin to Pattinson, 3 byes ends the over and the day with a carrom ball down the leg side which beats Dhoni and earns Australia some byes;
59.5;?;Ashwin to Pattinson, no run again too short and he is content to defend off the back foot;
59.4;?;Ashwin to Pattinson, no run dead bats a tossed up delivery around off;
59.3;?;Ashwin to Pattinson, no run flighted delivery pushed away to mid off;
59.2;?;Ashwin to Pattinson, no run shortish delivery easily pushed back to the bowler;
59.1;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run pushed through cover for a single;
58.6;?;Sharma to Pattinson, no run gets it to shape in to the left-hander but it starts outside leg stump, and carries further down leg, Ishant hasn't got his line right against Pattinson;
58.5;?;Sharma to Pattinson, no run hurls in the full delivery but the line is around leg and it is worked to midwicket;
58.4;1;Sharma to Hussey, 1 run pushed to mid off for one;
58.3;2;Sharma to Hussey, 2 runs sloppy work from India, Hussey drives for a single to deep extra cover, who has a go at the stumps even as Hussey has made his ground, and Ashwin is slow in backing up to concede an overthrow;
58.2;1;Sharma to Pattinson, 1 run direct hit would have been tight, Pattinson got a thick edge towards extra cover and rushed across, Yadav ran in to pick up the ball and throw but missed;
58.1;?;Sharma to Pattinson, no run good line, angled across the left-hander close to off stump, left alone;
57.6;1;Ashwin to Pattinson, 1 run low full toss to end the over, nudged through square leg;
57.5;?;Ashwin to Pattinson, no run fuller now and angled in, worked straight to midwicket;
57.4;?;Ashwin to Pattinson, no run shortish now but he cannot work it past midwicket;
57.3;?;Ashwin to Pattinson, no run that;s the delivery, lots of flight, dip, turn, bounce, too much for Pattinson;
57.2;?;Ashwin to Pattinson, no run pushes a full delivery back to the bowler;
57.1;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run turns it towards square leg for one;
56.6;?;Sharma to Pattinson, no run ends the over with a fuller delivery that pitches outside leg and crashes into the pads, Dhoni fields;
56.5;?;Sharma to Pattinson, no run short of a length delivery now but the line is once again down leg;
56.4;?;Sharma to Pattinson, no run digs it in short but the line on the bouncer is around leg and Pattinson is hardly bothered;
56.3;1;Sharma to Hussey, 1 run works a length ball for a single towards mid on;
56.2;?;Sharma to Hussey, no run sends the full delivery down the leg side from around the wicket;
56.1;?;Sharma to Hussey, no run fullish into the left-hander, pushed back to the bowler;
55.6;?;Ashwin to Pattinson, no run bounce outside off stump but Pattinson lets it go nicely;
55.5;?;Ashwin to Pattinson, no run he is getting some zip off the surface from a length, Pattinson defends this length ball back to Ashwin;
55.4;?;Ashwin to Pattinson, no run short and skiddy outside off, cut away to point;
55.3;?;Ashwin to Pattinson, no run the offbreak bounces from a length, he keeps it down well with soft hands;
55.2;?;Ashwin to Pattinson, no run low drifting full toss played out to mid on;
55.1;?;Ashwin to Pattinson, no run defends a tossed up quicker one to silly point;
54.6;1;Yadav to Pattinson, 1 run angles the full delivery across the left-hander who squeezes it towards point;
54.5;?;Yadav to Pattinson, no run hurls it on a length from wide of the crease, left alone easily;
54.4;?;Yadav to Pattinson, no run goes for the full delivery on the stumps, but Pattinson keeps it out quite competently with a dead bat;
54.3;1;Yadav to Hussey, 1 run swivels for the pull and gets the short of a length ball to fine leg;
54.2;?;Yadav to Hussey, no run leans neatly forward to defend a pitched up ball;
54.1;?;Yadav to Hussey, no run lets the dug-in bouncer go over him;
53.6;W;Ashwin to Lyon, OUT Ashwin has struck, umpire Erasmus thinks that is going to hit leg stump, it was the flighted carrom ball, pitched on a length, Lyon was playing off the back foot and was caught on the pad, have to wait for replays to see if it was taking leg, yes, replays show Erasmus was spot-on;Nathan Lyon lbw b Ashwin 0 (9m 11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
53.5;?;Ashwin to Lyon, no run goes well forward and defends a flighted delivery;
53.4;?;Ashwin to Lyon, no run bounce from a length, he is able to go back and across and block;
53.3;?;Ashwin to Lyon, no run pushes the length ball towards mid on;
53.2;?;Ashwin to Lyon, no run offbreak spinning in sharply from well outside off, he works it with the turn to short leg;
53.1;?;Ashwin to Lyon, no run carrom ball from Ashwin, pushed away on the off side;
52.6;?;Yadav to Hussey, no run slightly shortish and some way outside off, Hussey allows it go past;
52.5;?;Yadav to Hussey, no run tries the yorker again, not quite in the blockhole, Hussey squeezes it back to the bowler;
52.4;?;Yadav to Hussey, no run lots of zip from Umesh, hurls it in fullish with the angle even as Hussey leaves it alone;
52.3;?;Yadav to Hussey, no run looks to drive this pitched up delivery through covers but an inside edge takes it towards mid on;
52.2;2;Yadav to Hussey, 2 runs slapped away wide of sweeper cover, there was a chance for a run-out with the throw at the bowler's end, but Umesh was nowhere near the stumps;
52.1;?;Yadav to Hussey, no run Yadav sends in the yorker from around the stumps, Hussey digs it out comfortably;
51.6;?;Ashwin to Lyon, no run spins away from the right-hander who gets forward and blocks;
51.5;?;Ashwin to Lyon, no run defends this one down the track;
51.4;?;Ashwin to Lyon, no run keeps bat within the pads as he comes forward to this length ball and lets it pass through;
51.3;?;Ashwin to Lyon, no run bounce and drift for Ashwin as he bowls it widish outside off, left alone;
51.2;?;Ashwin to Lyon, no run lovely delivery, drifts away and straightens just outside off to beat the outside edge;
51.1;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run goes back and across and works towards midwicket for a single;
50.6;W;Yadav to Siddle, OUT another outside edge flies towards Dravid at first slip, but this time Dhoni settles matters with a superb diving take to his right, don't think the ball would have carried to Dravid, excellent judgment from Dhoni, and he did not mess up the execution, on second thoughts, looks like it would have carried to Dravid;Peter Siddle c ?Dhoni b Yadav 4 (29m 22b 0x4 0x6) SR: 18.18;
50.5;?;Yadav to Siddle, no run bouncing straightish delivery left alone outside off;
50.4;?;Yadav to Siddle, no run inside edges a full delivery on the leg side;
50.3;?;Yadav to Siddle, no run Umesh finds bounce from short of a length, Siddle gets a leading edge on the off side as he looks to turn it towards leg;
50.2;?;Yadav to Siddle, no run pushes a pitched up delivery back to the bowler;
50.1;?;Yadav to Siddle, no run defends a full delivery;
49.6;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run gets behind this one to push it away on the off side solidly;
49.5;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run dropped by Rahul Dravid at slip, Ashwin had done so well to draw Hussey out of his crease and have him driving at a flighted one, it turned away to take the outside edge, and went at a nice height to Dravid at slip, who, not for the first time recently, has dropped a sitter;
49.4;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run comes in quicker with the angle, and Hussey is forced in to a defensive push;
49.3;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run flight from Ashwin, bowled slower too, makes Hussey come out, but it dips on him and he has to pad it away;
49.2;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run played back to the bowler;
49.1;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run pushed away from the crease towards extra cover;
48.6;1;Yadav to Hussey, 1 run shapes up for the pull as he sees the shortish length, but gets it off the bottom edge towards midwicket;
48.5;?;Yadav to Hussey, no run speared in towards the middle stump from a fuller length, kept out hurriedly;
48.4;?;Yadav to Hussey, no run straightish with the change in angle, and Hussey comes across to block;
48.3;4;Yadav to Hussey, FOUR runs slightly wider outside off and Hussey puts it away immediately, gets forward and belts it past extra cover;
48.2;?;Yadav to Hussey, no run still closer to off, enough to make even Hussey play, he pushes it away towards extra cover;
48.1;?;Yadav to Hussey, no run and he is right on target first ball, close to off stump, fullish length, Hussey lets it be;
47.6;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run nudged behind square leg for one;
47.5;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run hurries on to him from a length, he drops it down softly;
47.4;1;Ashwin to Siddle, 1 run shortish delivery again, worked away from the crease through midwicket;
47.3;?;Ashwin to Siddle, no run bounce from a length now, Siddle plays it out softly towards point;
47.2;?;Ashwin to Siddle, no run spins in from a length, and Siddle gets forward to smother it;
47.1;?;Ashwin to Siddle, no run too short with the carrom ball but still beats the loose waft from Siddle;
46.6;?;Khan to Hussey, no run length ball left alone outside off;
46.5;?;Khan to Hussey, no run Hussey gets well forward to this pitched up ball and drives neatly to mid off;
46.4;1;Khan to Siddle, 1 run goes for the yorker but the low full toss is tickled down to fine leg;
46.3;?;Khan to Siddle, no run lets this one slightly further outside off pass by;
46.2;?;Khan to Siddle, no run beats the outside edge as he has Siddle pushing forward to one that carries across with the angle from a length, he is just relentless when he wants to be;
46.1;?;Khan to Siddle, no run Siddle sees the bouncer and ducks a little without fuss, enough to let the ball pass over him;
45.6;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run pushes a quicker one towards extra cover;
45.5;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run lot more flight this time a Hussey comes out of the crease and push it on the off side;
45.4;4;Ashwin to Hussey, FOUR runs Hussey finally gets the cut away as Ashwin continues to drop it short and wide;
45.3;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run opens the face to run the length ball with the spin towards point;
45.2;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run too short, too wide but Hussey reaches out to slap it straight to point;
45.1;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run defends a tossed up ball towards extra cover;
44.6;?;Khan to Siddle, no run now a short ball that is outside off and left alone easily;
44.5;?;Khan to Siddle, no run too short and down leg with the angle from around the stumps;
44.4;2;Khan to Siddle, 2 runs gets it to bounce from a length, and Siddle inside edges it behind square leg, they come back for a tight second;
44.3;?;Khan to Siddle, no run looking to bend it back in to the right-hander, manages a shade of straightening, Siddle is forward in defence;
44.2;?;Khan to Siddle, no run dipping low full toss pushed firmly to mid off;
44.1;?;Khan to Siddle, no run pushed towards midwicket from a length;
43.6;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run punches a widish one to short extra cover now;
43.5;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run blocks a tossed up one;
43.4;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run and even a short and wide one is cut straight to the man at cover, that is what wickets can do;
43.3;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run nudged close to the pitch on the leg side;
43.2;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run defended on the off side off the front foot;
43.1;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run turns away and finds some bounce from a length, Hussey understandably plays it out softly on the off side, not looking for runs with those two wickets gone quickly;
42.6;?;Khan to Siddle, no run pushed towards mid off to end another successful over for Zaheer;
42.6;1nb;Khan to Siddle, (no ball) Zaheer goes for the yorker first up from around the wicket, but Siddle keeps it out quite well, Zaheer has overstepped;
42.5;W;Khan to Haddin, OUT outside edge and taken, Zaheer has his arms aloft, Laxman has gobbled up the feeble poke from Haddin, the angle from around the stumps has done it for Haddin, he was in the crease as this one held its line from a length, it was a long way outside off and he could have let it be, but he had a waft at it and it popped straight to Laxman;Brad Haddin c Laxman b Khan 6 (11m 14b 0x4 0x6) SR: 42.85;
42.4;?;Khan to Haddin, no run bends it in with the angle around off, Haddin kills it in forward defence;
42.3;?;Khan to Haddin, no run closes the face a tad as he drives at a pitched up widish one, the ball rolls to mid off;
42.2;2;Khan to Haddin, 2 runs Zaheer gives Haddin the sharp bouncer, Haddin goes for the pull and it loops over midwicket for a couple;
42.1;?;Khan to Haddin, no run right on top of the length ball as he pushes forward in defence;
41.6;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run motions out of the crease and pushes in the air on the off side;
41.5;1;Ashwin to Haddin, 1 run banged in short, and sliding down the leg side, nudged past short leg;
41.4;?;Ashwin to Haddin, no run pushed away on the leg side;
41.3;2;Ashwin to Haddin, 2 runs Haddin lofts with the turn as he sees this flighted one, gets it wide of deep midwicket;
41.2;?;Ashwin to Haddin, no run straightish this time, played out towards point;
41.1;?;Ashwin to Haddin, no run quick length ball pushed away from the crease;
40.6;1;Khan to Haddin, 1 run pushes a pitched up delivery just past the non-striker's stumps, mid on runs across and dives elaborately to keep them to one;
40.5;?;Khan to Haddin, no run straightens from a length around off, Haddin jabs it away on the leg side;
40.4;?;Khan to Haddin, no run there is more zip in Zaheer's deliveries now, getting Haddin to defend this length ball on off hurriedly;
40.3;?;Khan to Haddin, no run squeezes out a full delivery towards point;
40.2;W;Khan to Ponting, OUT Zaheer strikes for India, slipping a full delivery further away from Ponting, who decides to have a drive at it, and gully snaps up the thick edge, Zaheer roars, Ponting departs for his second 60 of the match, and India sneak back;Ricky Ponting c Sehwag b Khan 60 (151m 97b 3x4 0x6) SR: 61.85;
40.1;?;Khan to Ponting, no run leaves alone one that goes across him with the angle;
39.6;?;Sehwag to Hussey, no run leaves the crease, as he has so often today against Ashwin, but can only push the full one back to Sehwag;
39.5;?;Sehwag to Hussey, no run pushed back to the bowler;
39.4;1;Sehwag to Ponting, 1 run now a single to long-on bringing all the men in the deep in to play;
39.3;1;Sehwag to Hussey, 1 run another short of a length ball easily taken for a single to sweeper cover;
39.2;1;Sehwag to Ponting, 1 run turning well down leg and helped on its way to fine leg;
39.1;1;Sehwag to Hussey, 1 run shortish and punched away to sweeper cover, this is looking like the middle overs of an ODI;
38.6;1lb;Sharma to Hussey, 1 leg bye spears it on the pads, and it rolls down leg, would have gone for four leg byes had Dhoni not put in another big dive;
38.5;?;Sharma to Hussey, no run chops the cut to gully, the ball was not wide enough for the shot;
38.4;2;Sharma to Hussey, 2 runs full, on the pads, he uses the angle to tickle it wide of fine leg and Ashwin has work to do;
38.3;?;Sharma to Hussey, no run hit on the pad again from around the wicket, but again well outside the line of off, he is making attempt to push well forward;
38.2;1;Sharma to Ponting, 1 run gets width from short of a length and slaps the cut hard, deep point does what deep point is there for, keeps them to a single;
38.1;?;Sharma to Ponting, no run gives Dhoni some trouble as he spears one full and miles down leg, Dhoni puts in a big dive to take the ball;
37.6;?;Sehwag to Hussey, no run bit of an inside edge towards midwicket as he pushes forward;
37.5;?;Sehwag to Hussey, no run down the track again but works it straight to midwicket;
37.4;1;Sehwag to Ponting, 1 run Zaheer is at mid on and they easily complete the single after Ponting works the full delivery in that region;
37.3;?;Sehwag to Ponting, no run pushed away towards midwicket;
37.2;?;Sehwag to Ponting, no run tossed up ball well outside off, has him reaching out and pushing towards cover;
37.1;2;Sehwag to Ponting, 2 runs turn for Sehwag, but taking the ball down leg, and Ponting shuffles to tickle it on its way;
36.6;3;Sharma to Ponting, 3 runs superbly done by Ponting, the front foot is working smoothly, gets forward, opens the face and picks up more runs behind point;
36.5;?;Sharma to Ponting, no run much too wide outside off stump to tempt a well-settled Ponting;
36.4;1;Sharma to Hussey, 1 run moves across and drops a short of a length ball on the leg side for one more single, the stand is worth more than 100 now;
36.4;1nb;Sharma to Hussey, (no ball) Ishant over-steps, and sends the short ball down the leg side as well;
36.3;2;Sharma to Hussey, 2 runs another solid eager drive from Hussey to a pitched up delivery, the ball bounces over cover and they get back for two more;
36.2;?;Sharma to Hussey, no run appeal for leg before as Hussey is struck on the pad on forward push, but well outside the line;
36.1;?;Sharma to Hussey, no run Hussey looks cross with himself after playing out this angled length ball from around the stumps back to the bowler, wonder if he saw that as a missed scoring opportunity;
35.6;3;Ashwin to Hussey, 3 runs now Michael Hussey gets to 50 with a shovelled drive in to the leg side after advancing down the track, the MCG stands up again, the lead is approaching 200 pretty quickly;
35.5;1;Ashwin to Ponting, 1 run flicks the full delivery off the pads through square leg, and in addition to the India fielders, this is also a test for Ashwin;
35.4;3;Ashwin to Hussey, 3 runs takes it on the full and drills it wide of mid off, who puts in the dive but the ball bursts through, this is where India will be tested;
35.3;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run fired through quicker, he pushes it towards point again;
35.2;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run guides this spinning length ball towards point;
35.1;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run gets out of the crease and pushes this one on the off side;
34.6;4;Sharma to Ponting, 4 runs too short, too wide and Ricky Ponting reaches his second 50 of the match with an all-run four as he punches through point, the MCG does not hold back and gives him a generous standing ovation, a confident raise of the bat acknowledges the reception;
34.5;?;Sharma to Ponting, no run sends it in to Ponting from a fuller length, he plays it out softly on the leg side;
34.4;?;Sharma to Ponting, no run short and wide outside off but Ponting almost gets into trouble as he looks to go after it, bottom edges it on the bounce to Dhoni;
34.3;1lb;Sharma to Hussey, 1 leg bye positive stuff, the length ball rolls away on the leg side as Hussey misses the work but they are quick to change ends;
34.2;?;Sharma to Hussey, no run almost shaves the outside edge as he gets a back of a length delivery to hold its line from around the stumps;
34.1;1;Sharma to Ponting, 1 run starts with a short ball again to Ponting, who swivels and goes hard at the pull, getting it off the toe end to deep square leg;
33.6;3;Ashwin to Ponting, 3 runs short, too short, and he cuts it hard past point, Virat goes bounding after it and pulls it back just in time with a slide;
33.5;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run pushed through quicker and flatter, he watches it and lets it go, turns in but not alarmingly;
33.4;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run pushed towards midwicket from the crease;
33.3;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run this time Ashwin spears it in on the pads, even if the length is fullish, there is not much bite off the wicket and he is able to work it square;
33.2;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run tries to squeeze another single past the bowler who gets quickly to his left to cut it off;
33.1;2;Ashwin to Hussey, 2 runs turn and bounce, but width given from a short length and he cuts it past point;
32.6;?;Yadav to Ponting, no run another good delivery, pitched up again, Ponting takes that big stride out and shoulders arms;
32.5;?;Yadav to Ponting, no run that's gone through him, pitched much fuller, not far from off, Ponting lunged for the drive, but pushed outside the line, the ball squeezing in through the gate;
32.4;?;Yadav to Ponting, no run shuffles across and pushes the length ball towards mid on;
32.3;3;Yadav to Hussey, 3 runs smack! Hussey pulls off the front foot, not quite off the middle of the bat, but in the gap at midwicket, and it is pulled back just inside the rops;
32.2;?;Yadav to Hussey, no run closer to off stump but he has been leaving quite superbly today;
32.1;?;Yadav to Hussey, no run slanted too far wide outside off stump to bother Hussey;
31.6;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run squeezed out towards point for one more;
31.5;1;Ashwin to Ponting, 1 run another single worked through midwicket, turns in but slow enough to allow him to get it away;
31.4;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run makes him push forward with some flight, Ponting pushes it back to Ashwin;
31.3;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run offbreak spins in now, but slowly and he defends without fuss;
31.2;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run carrom ball on a length, that he goes back and plays out down the track;
31.1;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run leaves the crease again to Ashwin and finds deep mid off for a single that takes Australia to 100, to applause from the G;
30.6;1;Yadav to Hussey, 1 run the stand grows, another single softly dropped behind point, just staying in the crease and knocking it around most of the time;
30.5;4;Yadav to Hussey, FOUR runs Hussey brings out that eager extra cover drive, leans forward and eases the length ball in to the gap between extra cover and mid off;
30.4;?;Yadav to Hussey, no run length ball played out on the off side from the crease;
30.3;1;Yadav to Ponting, 1 run he has taken on the short ball, again he swivels in a flash and smacks it down to fine leg;
30.2;4;Yadav to Ponting, FOUR runs Ponting gets a thick edge, similar to the one that got him in the first innings, but the ball flies past slips to the third man boundary;
30.1;1;Yadav to Hussey, 1 run he is finding some inward movement into the left-hander who busily works it off the pad in front of square for one more;
29.6;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run driven to sweeper cover for one;
29.5;1b;Ashwin to Ponting, 1 bye sharp, sharp turn and bounce in to Ponting, looked to have taken the glove on its way to thigh pad and brushed Dhoni's gloves as it popped up down the leg side;
29.4;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run pushed down the track;
29.3;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run leading edge as he closes the face early, looking to work the flighted one towards midwicket, the ball goes towards cover;
29.2;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run tosses it up a lot more this time, and he gets out to smother it completely;
29.1;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run pushes the offbreak with the spin to midwicket;
28.6;?;Yadav to Hussey, no run sends one on a fuller length towards the pads, Hussey plays it out back to the bowler;
28.5;?;Yadav to Hussey, no run Yadav sticks to the line close to off stump, and zips another one past Hussey who again shoulders arms;
28.4;?;Yadav to Hussey, no run another fine leave outside off stump, his judgment has been spot-on today;
28.3;?;Yadav to Hussey, no run carries on across the left-hander with the angle from a length, and Hussey lets it go;
28.2;?;Yadav to Hussey, no run swivels for the pull but the short ball produces an inside edge on to thigh pad;
28.1;?;Yadav to Hussey, no run stifled appeal for leg before as Umesh bends this one sharply into Hussey, who trots out as the ball rolls towards slips, but gets back in time, looked like that would have gone down leg;
27.6;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run another one carries on straight on, a touch slowly in the air, and Ponting carefully pats it away off the front foot;
27.5;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run straightish one pushed off the front foot towards extra cover;
27.4;2;Ashwin to Ponting, 2 runs full delivery swept wide of fine leg for two more;
27.3;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run he was preparing to play the offbreak but this one hurried on straight from a length, he adjusted to play it out;
27.2;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run whips a length ball off the back foot just wide enough of mid on to pinch the single;
27.1;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run smothers a tossed up ball around off stump, silly point fields;
26.6;?;Yadav to Ponting, no run hangs back and allows the short of a length ball to come on before softly dropping it towards point;
26.5;1;Yadav to Hussey, 1 run ends up on the pads as it shapes in to the left-hander who works it square for more runs;
26.4;1;Yadav to Ponting, 1 run goes hard at the pull as Yadav digs it in short, gets it down to fine leg;
26.3;?;Yadav to Ponting, no run bowls it full on the stumps and Ponting squeezes the push towards mid on;
26.2;?;Yadav to Ponting, no run good shape away from Ponting who has a look at it and allows it go past;
26.1;?;Yadav to Ponting, no run drives a full delivery firmly in the air but a diving stop at cover saves runs;
25.6;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run turn and bounce from a length close to off stump as Ashwin beats Hussey off the last ball before tea;
25.5;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run driven towards covers;
25.4;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run blocks this one from the crease;
25.3;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run Hussey has been leaving his crease to Ashwin and pushing to silly point who this time finds the stumps as he lobs the ball back, Hussey is back and they look to take a run off the ricochet but Dhoni is quick to get to the ball;
25.2;1;Ashwin to Ponting, 1 run turned in front of square leg with the spin as it is bowled fullish on middle;
25.1;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run straightish length ball, he gets across and forward and plays it out carefully;
24.6;1;Khan to Ponting, 1 run goes for the yorker but it ends up as a low full toss on the pads and it worked square for one;
24.5;?;Khan to Ponting, no run similar delivery, but Ponting almost got into trouble as he lunged to play at it but recovered to let it go through in the end;
24.4;?;Khan to Ponting, no run lunges forward with that front foot and shoulders arms to one that carries past him with the angle;
24.3;1;Khan to Hussey, 1 run runs all around, this has been a superb partnership, drops the length ball on the leg side and they go through;
24.2;2;Khan to Hussey, 2 runs is hurried into the pull by an accurate short one but still brings up the 50 of the stand, dragging the shot over midwicket;
24.1;?;Khan to Hussey, no run Hussey was initially coming forward, then saw this one straighten and bounce from a length and withdrew the bat;
23.6;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run low full toss on the pads but Ponting works it straight to midwicket;
23.5;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run draws him out of the crease again, he takes it on the half volley and tries to blast it through covers, but does not quite get hold of it;
23.4;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run smothers a flighted ball off the front foot;
23.3;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run gets outside his crease as he sees the flight, pushes towards silly point who stops it well and Hussey has to get back;
23.2;1;Ashwin to Ponting, 1 run sweeps a very full delivery through square leg, there is a man in the deep;
23.1;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run gets well forward to smother a full ball outside off;
22.6;1;Khan to Ponting, 1 run positive again from Australia, Ponting shuffles across to counter the movement in to him, and tickles the ball square for one more;
22.5;1;Khan to Hussey, 1 run slightly short and he immediately leans back to cut it through point;
22.4;?;Khan to Hussey, no run playing for the away movement as he drives away from the body, this one went in with the angle and the ball rolls towards mid on;
22.3;?;Khan to Hussey, no run and again, curling away in the air, Hussey has to play at with the incoming angle and is surprised as it zips away past the blade;
22.2;?;Khan to Hussey, no run beats the outside edge with a beauty that straightens from a length even as it lures Hussey into a prod;
22.1;?;Khan to Hussey, no run good length ball just outside off stump, Hussey is on the look out for runs as he pushes forward eagerly but can only defend;
21.6;2;Ashwin to Ponting, 2 runs spears one in towards the pads and Ponting nudges it behind square;
21.5;?;Ashwin to Ponting, no run pads up to one that spins in from well outside off, but he was a long way across;
21.4;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run eases down the track as Ashwin continues to flight it, works it towards mid on;
21.3;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run quicker one, he is forward again to push to silly point;
21.2;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run well forward to a tossed up ball and smothers it;
21.1;3;Ashwin to Ponting, 3 runs carrom ball, but too short and punched through point off the back foot;
20.6;?;Sharma to Hussey, no run bouncer now, but Hussey spots it early and ducks underneath;
20.5;?;Sharma to Hussey, no run he is not going after the bait, fullish delivery two feet outside off, he allows it to go past;
20.4;?;Sharma to Hussey, no run fine leave, pitched further up outside off and he takes a step forward to flag it through;
20.3;?;Sharma to Hussey, no run angles in the length ball around off stump, Hussey gets behind it and blocks;
20.2;1;Sharma to Ponting, 1 run positive stuff from Ponting, meets the ball early as he lunges forward and skips across as the ball rolls towards cover;
20.1;?;Sharma to Ponting, no run pushes a length ball away to point from the crease;
20.1;1nb;Sharma to Ponting, (no ball) hits him on the pad as Ponting gets across and crouches in an attempt to play this pitched up ball, could have been close but Ishant over-stepped;
19.6;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run more turn on this one, but on the shorter side, the cut finds point again;
19.5;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run skids on and straightens from a length outside off, he cuts straight to point;
19.4;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run comes forward but stops and pushes to silly point;
19.3;?;Ashwin to Hussey, no run gets well forward to smother a flighted one;
19.2;1;Ashwin to Ponting, 1 run works with the turn in front of square leg;
19.1;1;Ashwin to Hussey, 1 run pushes a tossed up ball towards extra cover for a single;
18.6;?;Sharma to Ponting, no run now one that holds its line two feet outside off, Ponting gets across sharply and shoulders arms;
18.5;?;Sharma to Ponting, no run closer to off stump, but Ponting has got the leave working nicely, this one moved in as well but he was confident about it missing off stump by some way, which it did;
18.4;?;Sharma to Ponting, no run hops across and allows the length ball to go straight past him outside off;
18.3;?;Sharma to Ponting, no run he is looking very positive with his feet movement, gets across and works another full one towards Ashwin at mid on, who slips and allows Hussey to get back in his crease in time;
18.2;?;Sharma to Ponting, no run length ball pushed away on the off side;
18.1;4;Sharma to Ponting, FOUR runs shot! this is full of intent from Ponting, he takes on Ishant, leans forward, high backlift and sends the full delivery racing past Ishant who ends up down on the pitch after failing to stop the ball;
17.6;?;Khan to Hussey, no run well forward to a length ball, looking for the single but the ball goes quickly towards cover;
17.5;4;Khan to Hussey, FOUR runs shot! this is good counterattacking batting, Zaheer giving width outside off and Hussey cutting it hard behind point for another four;
17.4;3;Khan to Ponting, 3 runs and Ponting latches on to the full delivery on leg stump, works it elegantly through midwicket, one leg in the air;
17.3;?;Khan to Ponting, no run leans into the drive now to the pitched up ball and pings mid off with the shot;
17.2;?;Khan to Ponting, no run slightly shorter and outside off this time, he gets across and blocks;
17.1;?;Khan to Ponting, no run big appeal for lbw, as Zaheer hits Ponting on the pad from round the stumps, comes in with the angle as Ponting lunges forward, looked to have struck him outside the line of off, nope, ball tracker shows it hit him in line and would have taken middle, there you go;
16.6;?;Sharma to Hussey, no run point made, he goes back to leaving a similar one outside off stump;
16.5;4;Sharma to Hussey, FOUR runs Hussey blinks first, but he also ends on top, Ishant got him to go after the fuller one, but the drive was off the middle of the bat, and the extra cover boundary was pinged;
16.4;?;Sharma to Hussey, no run both are sticking to their guns, Ishant to the line, Hussey to inaction, good to watch as Hussey leaves again;
16.3;?;Sharma to Hussey, no run reverts to the one going across him close to off stump, Hussey continues to leave that line;
16.2;?;Sharma to Hussey, no run pushes a length ball towards mid off;
16.1;?;Sharma to Hussey, no run full and close to off stump, tight line, perfect length, Hussey is not going after it though;
15.6;?;Khan to Ponting, no run holds its line a shade but not full enough to make him come forward, he pushes it away from the crease;
15.5;?;Khan to Ponting, no run bends it fullish in to the right hander, who plays it out towards mid on;
15.4;?;Khan to Ponting, no run still fuller and slightly wider outside off stump, he pushes it carefully towards cover;
15.3;2;Khan to Ponting, 2 runs much fuller and Ponting pushes it straight past the bowler and collects two more;
15.2;?;Khan to Ponting, no run gets across a long way and blocks one that angles across him;
15.1;2;Khan to Ponting, 2 runs Ponting adjusts for the straightening and works towards midwicket where Umesh cannot pick up the ball cleanly and concedes another run;
14.6;?;Sharma to Hussey, no run good line, close to off, carrying across with the angle, Hussey leaves it alone;
14.5;1;Sharma to Ponting, 1 run hurls it very full towards the stumps but Ponting pushes firmly towards Ashwin at mid on, who is slightly slow in getting going, and they pinch the single off him;
14.4;?;Sharma to Ponting, no run gets across and behind the line of this short of a length ball and blocks;
14.3;?;Sharma to Ponting, no run bowls it much fuller to Ponting who bends forward and tentatively pushes towards cover, Ian Chappell says on air that clocked 152 kph;
14.2;1;Sharma to Hussey, 1 run pushes softly in front of cover and they go through for the single;
14.1;1;Sharma to Ponting, 1 run;
13.6;4;Yadav to Hussey, FOUR runs Hussey pulls and gets the crowd going, Umesh digs in the bouncer but Hussey is a fine player of the pull, he smashes it in front of square;
13.5;2;Yadav to Hussey, 2 runs clipped off the pads wide of Ishant at fine leg for a couple;
13.4;4;Yadav to Hussey, FOUR runs outside edge but it falls well short of Dravid at first slip, and runs through his fingers to the third man boundary, much fuller length, right on off stump, making him push and producing the edge that once again did not carry;
13.3;?;Yadav to Hussey, no run slightly widish outside off and he is not going after that one;
13.2;?;Yadav to Hussey, no run not far away from the off stump this one, but Hussey lets it go confidently;
13.1;?;Yadav to Hussey, no run watches this length ball zip across him outside off as he shoulders arms, Umesh smiles;
12.6;3;Sharma to Hussey, 3 runs Hussey is off the pair immediately, he gets a full one on the pads and works it through midwicket for three;
12.5;W;Sharma to Clarke, OUT Ishant has gone through Clarke, what a ball to get the Australia captain, Ishant exults, he angles it on a good length, Clarke is drawn forward to defend, but the ball moves in, not too much (that has been the order of the day), enough to take the inside edge and disturb the bails;Michael Clarke b Sharma 1 (6m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
12.4;?;Sharma to Clarke, no run good carry for Ishant as Clarke shoulders arms to one outside off;
12.3;1;Sharma to Ponting, 1 run Ponting jabs the cut away characteristically off the front foot but a sliding stop from Virat means he will get only one;
12.2;?;Sharma to Ponting, no run excellent line, angled in not far from off, Ponting leaves, Dhoni tumbles with the effort as he takes the pacy ball;
12.1;?;Sharma to Ponting, no run gets well forward to one that holds its line from a good length and defends it firmly towards point;
11.6;1;Yadav to Ponting, 1 run goes for the yorker, gets it on the stumps too, but Ponting is up to it, he squeezes it out in front of square leg for a single;
11.5;1;Yadav to Clarke, 1 run spears it on on the pads and Clarke is away with a tickle to fine leg;
11.4;?;Yadav to Clarke, no run bounds in eagerly and sends the pacy length ball well down the legside;
11.3;W;Yadav to Marsh, OUT oh well, another one plays on, Umesh has rattled 'em up, this one was dragged just a touch wider outside off and bowled much fuller as well, Marsh went after it, just like Warner had, and managed to inside-edge it to disturb the bails;Shaun Marsh b Yadav 3 (25m 11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 27.27;
11.2;?;Yadav to Marsh, no run another fine leave as Umesh sticks to the tight line and full length inches from off stump;
11.1;?;Yadav to Marsh, no run excellent line from Umesh, close to off stump, fullish length, straightening as well, Marsh sizes all the variables up and decides to let it go, wise decision;
10.6;?;Sharma to Ponting, no run moves away again but slightly wider outside off and he is not going to poke and prod again at it;
10.5;?;Sharma to Ponting, no run phew, that's the one that has troubled him in the past, angled in and straightening outside off stump to zoom past the outside edge, Ponting was not fully forward and had a poke at it;
10.4;?;Sharma to Ponting, no run this one moves in now, but the line is still widish outside off and Ponting shoulders arms in typical fashion;
10.3;?;Sharma to Ponting, no run gets the length right this time, much fuller but still not close enough to make him play, no movement as well;
10.2;?;Sharma to Ponting, no run shortish again, and width given outside off, Ponting gets up and punches towards point;
10.1;4;Sharma to Ponting, FOUR runs short, wide and Ponting is not going to miss out, he stands on his toes and puts it away through cover, ending up hopping in the air as he plays the shot;
9.6;?;Yadav to Marsh, no run fuller one now angled wide across Marsh who reaches out but mistimes the drive to extra cover;
9.5;?;Yadav to Marsh, no run the quick man puts in too much effort and the short ball does too much as it takes off high outside off;
9.4;?;Yadav to Marsh, no run uff, Marsh ducks right in to the bouncer, and is hit on the shoulder, the ball pops up on the leg side, Umesh is giving it a serious rip;
9.3;?;Yadav to Marsh, no run here comes the full delivery, Marsh does well to adjust and squeeze it out towards mid on;
9.2;?;Yadav to Marsh, no run another one pads up to a length ball, the Indians appeal, but this one was too high, struck him on the thigh pad and would have gone over;
9.1;?;Yadav to Marsh, no run this is seriously good stuff from the India fast bowlers, Umesh bends his back and has Marsh fending at this short ball, it takes the glove and pops up on the off side, but falls short of an advancing Virat around backward point;
8.6;?;Khan to Ponting, no run oh boy, he is working him over, now this fuller one carries on across him with the angle, and has him pushing forward inside the line;
8.5;?;Khan to Ponting, no run this one shapes in to the right hander, this is probing stuff, Ponting manages to keep it out in the end, bringing bat in front of pad;
8.4;?;Khan to Ponting, no run loud shout for caught behind, as Ponting pushes forward to one that leaves him with the angle from a full length, looks like it was bat hitting pad that had the Indians excited;
8.3;?;Khan to Ponting, no run pitched much fuller, played out carefully on the off side;
8.2;2;Khan to Ponting, 2 runs going across, a tad uncertain as to which way the ball is going to move, manages a thick edge past gully as this one carries across with the angle;
8.1;?;Khan to Ponting, no run well bowled, getting it to straighten on leg and hit him on the pad, would have missed the stumps though;
8.1;1w;Khan to Ponting, 1 wide short ball that bounces way too much and is called a wide;
7.6;1;Yadav to Ponting, 1 run shuffles across and tucks this one with the angle off the pad to fine leg;
7.5;?;Yadav to Ponting, no run tries a delivery similar to the one that got him in the first inningsm bouncing and swerving away from a length, but this time Ponting shoulders arms immediately;
7.4;W;Yadav to Cowan, OUT oh dear, Cowan is gone padding up, Umesh has two in the over, he hasn't been getting the ball to do much and probably that is why Cowan decided to shoulder arms seeing the ball going across him, but it seemed to come back in a shade and rapped him on the front pad in line with middle and off, the umpire raised the finger right away and Cowan departs shaking his head, yikes, ball tracker shows the ball would have just missed the off stump, but he wasn't offering a stroke and umpires are usually pretty severe with that;Ed Cowan lbw b Yadav 8 (33m 17b 1x4 0x6) SR: 47.05;
7.3;3;Yadav to Marsh, 3 runs Marsh gets going with a caressed drive that beats a diving extra cover, lovely to watch, bent knee, head on top of the ball and all that;
7.2;?;Yadav to Marsh, no run leaves a widish one alone outside off as it goes across him;
7.1;W;Yadav to Warner, OUT poor stroke from Warner has him playing on, he was hanging in the crease, looking to smash this angled length delivery past point, but went too hard at the ball and ended up inside-edging it on to the stumps, he was getting a bit impatient with the lack of runs and went eagerly after the ball as soon as he saw some width;David Warner b Yadav 5 (28m 27b 0x4 0x6) SR: 18.51;
6.6;?;Khan to Cowan, no run moves away from the left-hander who has a look at it and lets it be;
6.5;2;Khan to Cowan, 2 runs straightish delivery worked off the pads and they do well to come back for the second even as the ball goes towards fine leg;
6.4;?;Khan to Cowan, no run getting it to shape away consistently but this time it is too wide outside off;
6.3;?;Khan to Cowan, no run lovely delivery, he is making it move around, pitched on a good length, has him pushing forward and holds its line to beat the outside edge;
6.2;1;Khan to Warner, 1 run fullish one angled in worked towards midwicket;
6.1;?;Khan to Warner, no run slightly short of a good length, and allows him to push it from the crease towards cover even as it moves away;
5.6;?;Yadav to Cowan, no run fine stroke but good stop by Umesh as well, it was a much fuller delivery and Cowan leaned into a firm push, but Umesh got a hand down to it in time;
5.5;?;Yadav to Cowan, no run hint of inward movement on this pitched up delivery even as Cowan lets it go a foot outside off;
5.4;4;Yadav to Cowan, FOUR runs Cowan is hurried into the pull by the pace on this short ball, and the top edge flies way over the slip cordon;
5.3;?;Yadav to Cowan, no run straightish length ball, there is a lot of pace, but little else at the moment for Umesh, played out to square leg;
5.2;?;Yadav to Cowan, no run defended off the back foot;
5.1;1;Yadav to Warner, 1 run jabs a shortish delivery away wide of midwicket for a single;
4.6;?;Khan to Cowan, no run loud appeal for lbw, but umpire Gould has a long look and shakes his head, Cowan was struck on the pad even as he pushes forward in defence to a pitched up delivery, was the impact outside the line of off? Inside edge it seems, that is what Gould seemed to suggest to Zaheer and HotSpot confirms that;
4.5;1;Khan to Warner, 1 run squeezes this one behind point from close to the body and they rush across for the run even as the throw misses;
4.4;?;Khan to Warner, no run gets well outside the crease and across to defend a length ball angled in;
4.3;?;Khan to Warner, no run another outside edge that does not carry to the cordon, falls short of VVS at second slip, there have been a few today already, Zaheer had Warner pushing at a fullish delivery;
4.2;?;Khan to Warner, no run has him pushing at a fuller one now, the ball rolls away towards midwicket;
4.1;?;Khan to Warner, no run sends it down leg from a length even as Warner misses, getting too much across;
3.6;?;Yadav to Cowan, no run another well-judged leave outside off stump as Umesh cannot find movement with the angled delivery;
3.5;?;Yadav to Cowan, no run bit of an inside edge on the leg side as he gets forward and across to defend a length ball;
3.4;?;Yadav to Cowan, no run angled across Cowan who has no need to play at it as it moves away two feet outside off;
3.3;2;Yadav to Cowan, 2 runs shaping in from a length but on the pads and Cowan is away with a tuck through square leg;
3.2;?;Yadav to Cowan, no run fine leave from Cowan, Umesh keeping it close to off but with the angle taking it away from the left-hander, he is happy to flag it through;
3.1;?;Yadav to Cowan, no run stands tall in the crease and keeps a rising short of a length ball down on the off side;
2.6;?;Khan to Warner, no run much fuller and ending just outside off, he gets across and pushes towards mid on, tight start from Zaheer;
2.5;?;Khan to Warner, no run straightening but some way outside off, Warner is not coming too far forward and is letting them go;
2.4;?;Khan to Warner, no run makes him play with a pitched up delivery much closer to the off stump, he bends forward and defends on the off side;
2.3;?;Khan to Warner, no run this time he is wiser and flags this one through as it straightens outside off;
2.2;?;Khan to Warner, no run another one zips past the outside edge as Warner pushes forward to one that pitched just outside off and moves away;
2.1;?;Khan to Warner, no run well bowled, draws him forward with the fullish length and gets it to swerve away, Warner withdraws his bat jerkily in the end;
1.6;1;Yadav to Warner, 1 run slapped towards point for a single;
1.5;?;Yadav to Warner, no run almost got into trouble with the short ball once again, like in the first innings, this one did not get up as much as he swivelled for the pull, and looped weakly to fall short of the slips;
1.4;?;Yadav to Warner, no run going across the left-hander again, but shortish enough to make him stay behind and play it out comfortably;
1.3;?;Yadav to Warner, no run stays back and pushes another length ball angled across, towards extra cover;
1.2;?;Yadav to Warner, no run length ball pushed away from the crease towards point;
1.1;?;Yadav to Warner, no run slants it full and wide across Warner who get to the pitch and creams it, but a diving stop at cover saves runs;
0.6;1;Khan to Warner, 1 run angles this one very full in to Warner who tickles it to fine leg to get off the mark;
0.5;?;Khan to Warner, no run whoa, beaten again, he was pushing away from the body, anticipating the away movement, but this one came back in to go between bat and pad;
0.4;?;Khan to Warner, no run this one is speared in and is much fuller, Warner crouches and works it to midwicket;
0.3;?;Khan to Warner, no run exaggerated leave from Warner as another one tails away from outside off;
0.2;?;Khan to Warner, no run more away movement but wider this time and left alone;
0.1;?;Khan to Warner, no run beats the outside edge first up with a super delivery that angles in and moves sharply away from the forward prod;

1.20 pm India in a huddle in the middle, looking for a way to get out of their muddle. Didn't quite work, that one. Ed Cowan and David Warner to open for Australia, Warner to take strike against Zaheer
Have a look at Dan Brettig's lunch report while we wait for the second session to start.
Craig: "Aircon in our office is dead, all my clients away on annual leave, I am going home to watch this test unfold!!!" Never seen a happier line after the cooling went kaput
 Innings Start
Right then, it's over to the SCG after the early finish at the MCG. I'll leave you with Dan Brettig's match report, and there'll be lots more later. This is Abhishek Purohit signing off for the moment. Cheers
Clarke: "Our tail were outstanding with their batting, and we have to give full credit to the bowlers. You always want to have plans against whatever team you play and we were able to execute the plans. Credit has to go to Ponting and Hussey as well. India are a fantastic team. It is great to have them here in Australia. We know they'll come hard at us in Sydney."
Dhoni: "Bowlers brought us back in to the game. We were short by 50-odd runs in the first innings. Their lower order scored some runs, if we had got them earlier, we would have had 50-60 runs less to chase. We are known to be tentative starters, I think in the next game we will be slightly better. You have to give credit to the Australia bowlers for the way they bowled." He also keeps the faith in his experienced batting line-up and says he is not worried by them failing twice here in Melbourne
James Pattinson is the Man of the Match. Pattinson: "It's a pretty surreal feeling right now. We were coming off a bit of pressure after losing in Hobart to New Zealand. It is fantastic to win here at the MCG. Victorian supporters are the best in the business. Siddle is fantastic, he keeps everyone in the side going."
The fast bowlers form both sides bowled their hearts out, Australia's the more disciplined. Australia showed the character to bounce back from 27 for 4 in the second innings though
The teams exchange handshakes after Australia go 1-0 up in the four-Test series. Australia look a very pleased lot, hugs and smiles all around It was a hard-fought Test for the first three days, until India capitulated, again, in the second innings, following their collapse in the first. This is their fifth consecutive defeat in overseas Tests, and their batsmen have a lot of answering to do.
Gautam Gambhir, for instance, averages under 30 since his last Test century, which was back in January 2010
nitin: "Margin of defeat = No of runs by Ponting in this test match."
Viv: "A very similar script to the Nottingham test against Eng. Getting the opponents reeling at 150/8 or so and then conceding runs to the tail. Following up that with a solid top order performance only to lose 7 wickets for 30 runs or so..."
47.5;W;Lyon to Yadav, OUT he goes for another big one, but this time he hasn't got enough on the shot, and Warner takes a leaping, scrambling catch at long on just inside the rope, running to his right, throws the ball in the air and Australia celebrate;Umesh Yadav c Warner b Lyon 21 (26m 25b 2x4 1x6) SR: 84;
47.4;?;Lyon to Yadav, no run flatter ball nudged towards short leg;
47.3;6;Lyon to Yadav, SIX runs Umesh sees the flight and swings hard, and gets enough on it to take the ball over long-on;
47.2;?;Lyon to Yadav, no run turned in to the leg side off the pad;
47.1;?;Lyon to Yadav, no run played out with the turn to midwicket;
46.6;1;Pattinson to Yadav, 1 run bowls it fuller and across Umesh now, he presses forward and runs it towards point;
46.5;?;Pattinson to Yadav, no run fends at this shortish ball in to the ribs, it pops off the thigh pad to short leg, Australia appeal but they are not getting this one;
46.4;?;Pattinson to Yadav, no run gets behind the line and pushes towards point;
46.3;?;Pattinson to Yadav, no run almost got into grief again but this time the ball whizzed past as he offered the poke even as he withdrew the head;
46.2;?;Pattinson to Yadav, no run hit on the glove as he takes his eyes off the short ball;
46.1;1;Pattinson to Sharma, 1 run pushes a short of a length ball to extra cover for one;
45.6;4;Lyon to Yadav, FOUR runs takes on the flight this time, and swings him in to the straight boundary;
45.5;?;Lyon to Yadav, no run flights it up, but Umesh does not go after it and pats it away;
45.4;?;Lyon to Yadav, no run played out against the turn to covers;
45.3;1;Lyon to Sharma, 1 run reaches out and pushes towards extra cover for one;
45.2;?;Lyon to Sharma, no run gets forward and defends a length ball spinning in around off;
45.1;1;Lyon to Yadav, 1 run flighted ball swung on a couple of bounces wide of long on;
44.6;1;Pattinson to Yadav, 1 run slow and low full toss squeezed away through extra cover;
44.5;2;Pattinson to Yadav, 2 runs flicked away in the air over square leg, will be cut off by fine leg running across;
44.4;?;Pattinson to Yadav, no run wants to hammer this length delivery through midwicket but mistimes the stroke towards mid on;
44.3;1;Pattinson to Sharma, 1 run flicks a full delivery off the pads wide of fine leg;
44.2;?;Pattinson to Sharma, no run defends a back of a length ball towards extra cover, wants the single, but Umesh is not moving;
44.1;2;Pattinson to Sharma, 2 runs Pattinson goes full for the stumps but Ishant drives him past the man at mid off for a couple;
43.6;?;Lyon to Yadav, no run wants to go over midwicket from well outside off, is beaten by the sharp turn;
43.5;?;Lyon to Yadav, no run smacked hard down to deepish mid off;
43.4;4;Lyon to Yadav, FOUR runs looks to go onside but the ball takes the leading edge and just goes over mid off and runs away in the the boundary;
43.3;?;Lyon to Yadav, no run plays out a fullish one awkwardly on the leg side;
43.2;1;Lyon to Sharma, 1 run pushed off the front foot to covers for one;
43.1;?;Lyon to Sharma, no run turns in from outside off and pushed to silly point;
42.6;?;Pattinson to Yadav, no run gives him the bouncer now, he was coming forward initially and then somehow scrambled away from the line;
42.5;?;Pattinson to Yadav, no run gave this one everything with a massive swing, was looking towards midwicket, but the ball barely sailed over the stumps;
42.4;2;Pattinson to Yadav, 2 runs hits out at another full delivery and gets it over cover;
42.3;?;Pattinson to Yadav, no run goes for the full delivery first up, Umesh squeezes it towards the cordon;
42.2;W;Pattinson to Dhoni, OUT inside edged on to the stumps, not for the first time in the match, and Pattinson has one more, Dhoni stays rooted to the crease, looks to pick up this pitched up ball from outside off and heave it over midwicket, manages only an inside edge that disturbs the bails;MS Dhoni b Pattinson 23 (88m 44b 0x4 1x6) SR: 52.27;
42.1;?;Pattinson to Dhoni, no run gets on his toes and cuts a rising one to backward point;
41.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Sharma, no run ends the over with one more leave outside off;
41.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Sharma, no run straightish length delivery, left alone;
41.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Sharma, no run looks to drive this pitched up ball but misses;
41.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Sharma, no run hops away as another short ball arrives, this time outside off;
41.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Sharma, no run gets behind the line of a short ball and keeps it down on the off side;
41.1;1;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, 1 run moves in from a length, nudged away to fine leg;
40.6;?;Pattinson to Sharma, no run angles it in to Ishant on a length, he takes it on the pad as he looks to defend, was going down leg;
40.5;W;Pattinson to Khan, OUT got him this time, Pattinson is pretty pumped up at getting Zaheer, who tried to have another swing, then saw this one had followed him down leg, tried to shovel it fine, but managed a thick inside edge that popped up to short leg off thigh pad;Zaheer Khan c Cowan b Pattinson 13 (28m 22b 1x4 1x6) SR: 59.09;
40.4;6;Pattinson to Khan, SIX runs Pattinson has riled up Zaheer, he is giving it back now, makes room again, and clobbers Pattinson's length ball high over long-on, similar to the one that got him bowled in the first innings but this time he made contact with a swing that wasn't as desperate or blind as the previous one;
40.3;4;Pattinson to Khan, FOUR runs he has had enough of defending, backs away and flashes, gets the shortish delivery over way over backward point;
40.2;?;Pattinson to Khan, no run;
40.1;?;Pattinson to Khan, no run outside edge as Zaheer tries to defend from the crease, the ball falls short of gully;
39.6;1;Hilfenhaus to Khan, 1 run gets across and forward and pushes the pitched up ball for a single towards cover;
39.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Khan, no run defends a length ball tightly;
39.4;1;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, 1 run pushes the full delivery down to long-on;
39.4;1w;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, 1 wide overdoes the bouncer as it sails well over Dhoni's head;
39.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, no run almost bowls him with the slower one, he was already playing forward, but it moved back in and went between the bat and off stump;
39.2;1;Hilfenhaus to Khan, 1 run gets forward and across as he sees the good length ball and defends on the off side;
39.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Khan, no run now Hilfenhaus gives him the bouncer, Zaheer somehow scrambles out of harm's way, he could get injured here;
38.6;1;Pattinson to Khan, 1 run pitches it up off the last ball, but Zaheer escapes with an inside edge;
38.6;1nb;Pattinson to Khan, (no ball) one short ball after another, this one is the third in the over, and is called a no-ball, almost took Zaheer;s head with it as it reared into him;
38.5;?;Pattinson to Khan, no run he is able to avoid the bouncer this time, as it is directed a tad down leg;
38.4;?;Pattinson to Khan, no run not far from the outside edge, had him leaning away and groping at the short ball that held its line on the stumps;
38.3;1;Pattinson to Dhoni, 1 run moves across and taps through vacant midwicket for one;
38.2;2;Pattinson to Dhoni, 2 runs Dhoni pulls a short ball, there is a man in the deep in front of square and he has work to do;
38.1;?;Pattinson to Dhoni, no run pushes one angled into him, on to the leg side;
37.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Khan, no run straightening from short of a length, he stays back and offers a straight defensive bat;
37.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Khan, no run goes across and keeps down this shortish one;
37.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Khan, no run dead-bats a length ball that bounces a shade in to him;
37.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Khan, no run defends a pitched up ball towards extra cover;
37.2;1;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, 1 run full curving delivery, gets forward and pushes for a single to mid off;
37.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, no run swatted away to short midwicket;
36.6;?;Siddle to Khan, no run as in the first innings, he backs away and has a swipe, this one was not full as the one in the first innings though, it was short, and sailed past his flail;
36.5;?;Siddle to Khan, no run is looking to come forward initially, but then sees this one banged in short and gets out of the way;
36.4;1lb;Siddle to Dhoni, 1 leg bye rolls off the pad square on the leg side;
36.3;2;Siddle to Dhoni, 2 runs inside edge through square leg as he motions half-forward to defend, comes back for two very quickly;
36.2;?;Siddle to Dhoni, no run shifts the line just outside off and Dhoni lets it go;
36.1;?;Siddle to Dhoni, no run that's got to be very close, Siddle hitting Dhoni on the pad as he looks to defend, it nipped in from a length but struck him high, on the thigh pad, fine decision from umpire Gould;
35.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Khan, no run shuffles across and turns a fuller one to short leg who is quick to lob the ball back on to the stumps, Zaheer is in though;
35.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Khan, no run gets the bouncer and goes down under it;
35.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Khan, no run gets across and blocks a length ball around off;
35.3;1;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, 1 run motions well forward again and sets off as soon as he pushes the ball towards mid off, Zaheer is very slow in starting off from the other end and is almost run out;
35.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, no run moves well forward to smother a length ball;
35.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, no run hilfenhaus still getting the ball to curve away slightly from just outside off, Dhoni moves across and leaves;
34.6;W;Siddle to Ashwin, OUT this time he is gone, Siddle has his man with the short ball, Ashwin moved across to fend it on the leg side, it popped up high in the air off the glove, and Cowan strolled to his right to take the dolly;Ravichandran Ashwin c Cowan b Siddle 30 (38m 35b 5x4 0x6) SR: 85.71;
34.5;?;Siddle to Ashwin, no run Haddin takes a flying blinder to his left but the appeal is turned down as Ashwin's attempted hook found air, Siddle letting the short ones rip at Ashwin now;
34.4;?;Siddle to Ashwin, no run plays a length ball from the crease, a touch late on it and hits it back hard down the track;
34.3;?;Siddle to Ashwin, no run works a nippy one straight in to forward short leg;
34.2;?;Siddle to Ashwin, no run moves across to defend a bouncing length ball back to Siddle;
34.1;?;Siddle to Ashwin, no run does well to get out of the line of an accurate short ball;
33.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, no run back and across to defend the length ball;
33.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, no run another leave outside off to one that moves further away;
33.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, no run drives hard off the front foot, straight to extra cover;
33.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, no run gets across to cover the line of off and then lets another one go past;
33.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, no run good bounce on this straight length ball, Dhoni shoulders arms;
33.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, no run pushed away from the crease on the off side;
32.6;?;Siddle to Ashwin, no run ends the session with a bouncer that Ashwin lets go;
32.5;?;Siddle to Ashwin, no run gets across in the crease and taps this one on the leg side;
32.4;4;Siddle to Ashwin, FOUR runs lovely stroke from Ashwin, he has faced some music, but he is a strong character, meets the pitched up delivery with a firm push and sends it purring past Siddle;
32.3;?;Siddle to Ashwin, no run driven a touch uppishly to extra cover;
32.2;4;Siddle to Ashwin, FOUR runs now the short of a length ball, he is testing Ashwin with all sorts of lengths, Ashwin pushes away from the body, the ball leaps to gully's right, Hussey goes flying a mile horizontally but cannot get to it;
32.1;4;Siddle to Ashwin, FOUR runs inside edge flies past the stumps to the fine leg boundary, Ashwin continuing to go after Siddle's pitched up deliveries;
31.6;?;Lyon to Dhoni, no run played out on the leg side;
31.5;3;Lyon to Ashwin, 3 runs bit of drift but floated up too wide and he drives it through cover;
31.4;?;Lyon to Ashwin, no run again he works a tossed up ball straight to midwicket;
31.3;?;Lyon to Ashwin, no run nudged off the front foot to midwicket;
31.2;?;Lyon to Ashwin, no run;
31.1;1;Lyon to Dhoni, 1 run pushed down the ground for a run;
30.6;4;Siddle to Ashwin, FOUR runs outside edge, just over a leaping second slip, Siddle pitches it up, after the bouncer, Ashwin has a go, but survives;
30.5;?;Siddle to Ashwin, no run the short ball has him in trouble, he has been eager to come forward, this one was dug in and he fended it away on the off side somehow;
30.4;1;Siddle to Dhoni, 1 run works a full delivery through midwicket for a single;
30.3;1;Siddle to Ashwin, 1 run this one tested him, nipped in from a length, he took a hand off the bat and nudged it on the leg side;
30.2;?;Siddle to Ashwin, no run coming forward to the pitched up ball very confidently and pushes on the off side;
30.1;?;Siddle to Ashwin, no run pushed away towards cover;
29.6;?;Lyon to Dhoni, no run gets forward and pushes a fullish one to midwicket, strictly steady stuff from Lyon;
29.5;1;Lyon to Ashwin, 1 run works off the pad past short leg for one;
29.4;?;Lyon to Ashwin, no run plays with the spin to short midwicket;
29.3;?;Lyon to Ashwin, no run turns the flighted full delivery on the leg side;
29.2;?;Lyon to Ashwin, no run crouches forward and pushes to short leg;
29.1;1;Lyon to Dhoni, 1 run comes down the track and then checks the stroke, ends up chipping high in the air over midwicket;
28.6;2;Siddle to Ashwin, 2 runs thick edge as Ashwin goes for a drive, runs between gully and point;
28.5;?;Siddle to Ashwin, no run gets forward and defends without fuss;
28.4;4;Siddle to Ashwin, FOUR runs opens the face and guides this one past a diving point, well played;
28.3;?;Siddle to Ashwin, no run fine diving stop at gully by Hussey as Ashwin guides a shortish one;
28.2;2;Siddle to Ashwin, 2 runs he looks very comfortable coming forward, pushes past cover;
28.1;?;Siddle to Ashwin, no run pushes a length delivery angled in to mid on;
27.6;?;Lyon to Dhoni, no run goes back and across and defends down the track;
27.5;?;Lyon to Dhoni, no run stretches forward to the pitch and pushes to the bowler;
27.4;?;Lyon to Dhoni, no run tossed up ball defended off the front foot;
27.3;2;Lyon to Dhoni, 2 runs shortish one turning in, he goes back and cuts it hard behind point, there is a direct hit and they call for the third umpire, but Dhoni was past the keeper when the bails came off, oh well, let the third umpire earn his bread;
27.2;?;Lyon to Dhoni, no run reaches well forward to push to extra cover;
27.1;?;Lyon to Dhoni, no run worked to midwicket with the spin;
26.6;?;Siddle to Ashwin, no run full delivery driven on the up off the front foot to mid off;
26.5;?;Siddle to Ashwin, no run played out to point from the crease;
26.4;?;Siddle to Ashwin, no run confident forward push from Ashwin to extra cover;
26.3;1;Siddle to Dhoni, 1 run amid all this, Dhoni charges across for a quick single after pushing to mid off, makes it in the end;
26.2;1;Siddle to Ashwin, 1 run off the mark with a work to midwicket;
26.1;W;Siddle to Tendulkar, OUT that is the end for India, folks, Sachin has looked positive throughout his stay, and that is what consumes him now, he reaches out to drive this pitched up widish delivery that moves away a touch, and gully accepts the thick edge, Siddle is overjoyed, Australia are dominant, and India face a stiff defeat;Sachin Tendulkar c Hussey b Siddle 32 (73m 46b 4x4 0x6) SR: 69.56;
25.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, no run ends the over in a manner completely different to the way he started it, with his fourth consecutive leave outside off;
25.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, no run bit of away shape but Dhoni is already into his leave;
25.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, no run another one that he shoulders arms to;
25.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, no run leaves this one alone now outside off;
25.2;2;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, 2 runs erm, if he is going to go down, he is going to go down fighting it seems, launches this pitched up delivery over extra cover now;
25.1;6;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, SIX runs whoa, Dhoni has his own methods alright, but this is some way to get off the mark, he gets well across the stumps, uses the angle on the length delivery and whips it in the air, it goes all the way to the deep midwicket boundary;
24.6;?;Pattinson to Tendulkar, no run gets forward to defend another tight delivery on the off side;
24.5;?;Pattinson to Tendulkar, no run motions forward to a pitched up widish one and leaves it alone;
24.4;?;Pattinson to Tendulkar, no run looks to upper cut a short and wide one but misses;
24.3;?;Pattinson to Tendulkar, no run defended off the front foot towards extra cover;
24.2;4;Pattinson to Tendulkar, FOUR runs the second time Pattinson has struck his bat while Sachin was looking to leave, he was rather late on the decision, the ball was already at the bat when he started to take it away, scoots past the slips this time;
24.1;?;Pattinson to Tendulkar, no run someone continues to bat on another planet meanwhile, forward and across, line covered, length ball defended without fuss;
23.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, no run ho ho, the ball is talking and the Indians are unable to answer back, Dhoni moves forward more out of habit, and is beaten outside off by another one holding its line;
23.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, no run wobbly swinging delivery, he moves forward to defend it on the off side;
23.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Dhoni, no run lets a straight length ball go outside off;
23.3;W;Hilfenhaus to Kohli, OUT it's falling apart for the Indians, Australia are rolling them over, Virat departs now, caught in front, front foot moving across a long way, the bat had to do a lot of work in coming around it, it even brushed the pad on its way down, and the length ball had already nipped in to strike him in front of middle, Virat looked rather cross with the decision, wonder why;Virat Kohli lbw b Hilfenhaus 0 (3m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
23.2;1;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, 1 run turned square on the leg side for one more;
23.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, no run blocked off the front foot;
22.6;W;Pattinson to Laxman, OUT and then he had to fall on one of his favourite shots, flicked straight to square leg, Laxman was making an effort to get the front foot across with all those deliveries moving away from him outside off, he is not comfortable doing that, this one was speared in full for the pads, good change-up from Pattinson, Laxman was always going to flick, he rarely holds back on that stroke, but with the position that he was in, the stroke went a lot finer, and square leg was around, they check for the no-ball call, looked very close, seemed to be just about okay initially, but on a closer look, that could have gone either way;VVS Laxman c Cowan b Pattinson 1 (22m 14b 0x4 0x6) SR: 7.14;
22.5;?;Pattinson to Laxman, no run beaten again, probing away all the time, pushes forward to defend but the length ball has held its line to go past the edge;
22.4;?;Pattinson to Laxman, no run superb delivery, holding its line from short of a length, Laxman had no chance of playing this one, beaten completely;
22.3;?;Pattinson to Laxman, no run tapped from the crease on the off side;
22.2;?;Pattinson to Laxman, no run fine leave, Pattinson shapes one in now, and gets it to bounce not far from off, this is excellent bowling;
22.1;?;Pattinson to Laxman, no run moves away after pitching on a good length but is way too far outside off;
21.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, no run bouncer doing too much vertically;
21.5;4;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, FOUR runs shot! Sachin drives straight and mid on's dive is in vain, he had no chance after Sachin had got so much power and timing on the stroke, moving forward to meet the pitched up delivery with a straight bat;
21.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, no run bouncer that he ducks underneath;
21.3;1;Hilfenhaus to Laxman, 1 run nudged square for a single to get off the mark;
21.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Laxman, no run pitched up to Laxman who is reluctant usually to get forward, bends half-forward and pushes to point;
21.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Laxman, no run played out towards mid on;
20.6;?;Pattinson to Tendulkar, no run testing the great man with the pitched up delivery, he gets forward and well across, pushes down the pitch with a bit of pad involved;
20.5;4;Pattinson to Tendulkar, FOUR runs inside edge almost shatters the stumps, Pattinson has been pegging outside that off stump, found bounce this time to take the inside edge even as Sachin shouldered arms, the ball flies down to fine leg;
20.4;?;Pattinson to Tendulkar, no run straightish length delivery two feet outside off, he shoulders arms again;
20.3;?;Pattinson to Tendulkar, no run more inward movement, starting closer to off as well, but he lets it go again;
20.2;?;Pattinson to Tendulkar, no run moving in this time, but too far outside off and he leaves it alone;
20.1;?;Pattinson to Tendulkar, no run bowls it very full and very wide outside off stump;
19.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Laxman, no run played out towards mid on;
19.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Laxman, no run blocked from the crease on the off side;
19.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Laxman, no run;
19.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Laxman, no run pitched up again, looking for the late inswing, Laxman drives firmly to mid off;
19.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Laxman, no run phew, excellent ball first up, curling in very full and late on leg, he digs it out;
19.1;1;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, 1 run punched solidly to deep cover for a single, Warner clutches his side after throwing and missing at the striker's end;
18.6;W;Pattinson to Dravid, OUT cleaned him up! Australia move well and truly in front with the wicket of Dravid, who left a big gap between bat and pad to let the ball sneak in, Pattinson is besieged by his team-mates, it was angled in fullish and moved in further, Dravid was caught in the crease and ended up pushing way outside the line;Rahul Dravid b Pattinson 10 (59m 29b 1x4 0x6) SR: 34.48;
18.5;1;Pattinson to Tendulkar, 1 run Pattinson is angling it in to Sachin who is happy to work the angle square, playing very late;
18.4;2;Pattinson to Tendulkar, 2 runs allows the length ball to come on to the pads and tucks it late square for two;
18.3;?;Pattinson to Tendulkar, no run thudding in to the bat from a fuller length as Sachin defends from the crease;
18.2;?;Pattinson to Tendulkar, no run uses the angle to work a shortish one to midwicket;
18.1;?;Pattinson to Tendulkar, no run pitched up widish outside off for the drive, hint of inward shape, Sachin leaves;
17.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, no run now he gets on the toes to defend one that rises from just short of a length;
17.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, no run pushes a length ball away to point;
17.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, no run bounce as it straightens after being delivered from wide of the crease, Dravid shoulders arms;
17.3;1;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, 1 run gets forward and turns a straight ball wristily between midwicket and mid on for one, he is really on the lookout for runs;
17.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, no run comes forward and meets the pitched up delivery with a firm push to mid off;
17.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, no run lets a bouncer go over him as he ducks;
16.6;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run holds its line and bounces but touch far outside off and he leaves;
16.5;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run gets around one angled in to him shortish and works it down the track;
16.4;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run straightening from short of a length, he stays in the crease and guides it towards cover;
16.3;1;Pattinson to Tendulkar, 1 run another one ends up on the pad with the angle and is worked to deep backward square for one;
16.2;1;Pattinson to Dravid, 1 run tucked away to deep backward square leg off the pad;
16.1;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run digs it in shortish first up, around off, Dravid hops and plays it out to point;
15.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, no run gets behind the line this time and blocks confidently;
15.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, no run lovely delivery, he is looking to play at most deliveries, there was bounce and away movement on this length ball and it left Sachin prodding outside off;
15.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, no run gives him the bouncer now, Sachin goes down under it;
15.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, no run pushed towards mid on;
15.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, no run pushes towards extra cover;
15.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, no run meaty on the up punch to extra cover, making use of the bounce on the length ball;
14.6;1;Siddle to Tendulkar, 1 run eagerly pushes towards mid on and charges across to keep strike for the next over;
14.5;?;Siddle to Tendulkar, no run solid front foot defence from Sachin, he has looked in control from the moment he walked in;
14.4;4;Siddle to Tendulkar, FOUR runs gets the whip through midwicket going, leans forward and motions the full ball away with a work of the wrists;
14.3;?;Siddle to Tendulkar, no run again solidly forward and defends a nippy delivery to extra cover;
14.2;?;Siddle to Tendulkar, no run getting forward early and pushing the length ball away on the off side;
14.1;?;Siddle to Tendulkar, no run waits for the full delivery to arrive and squeezes it out to mid on;
13.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, no run almost got him into trouble with one angled in, Dravid getting in to a tangle as he tried to work it away;
13.5;3;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, 3 runs overthrows as they attempt a tight single to cover, direct hit would have had him, but Warner's loopy throw misses and there was no one backing up;
13.4;2;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, 2 runs stays in the crease and works late in front of square leg for one, dropping the short of a length ball safely with the wrists;
13.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, no run takes a step forward and across and watches a straightish one go past;
13.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, no run pitched up around the off stump, he comes forward and smothers it;
13.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Tendulkar, no run punched solidly from the crease, not exactly short of a length, but the bounce allowing him to play the stroke to extra cover;
12.6;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run straight delivery from siddle, inches from off stump, Dravid raises the bat in the air to let it through;
12.5;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run left alone outside off;
12.4;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run moves forward, gets bat in front of pad as this one is angled in towards the stumps, and softly pushes it away;
12.3;?;Siddle to Dravid, no run opens the face and drops this down towards point, bounced a tad but he handled it well;
12.2;3;Siddle to Tendulkar, 3 runs Sachin is away with a confident push forward to meet the pitched up delivery there for the drive, picks up three through cover;
12.1;W;Siddle to Gambhir, OUT outside edge and gone, Gautam's problems outside off continue, Siddle letting it rip from just short of a good length, finding bounce, the angle and away movement taking it away from the left-hander, but importantly, making him play, would have taken a very good leave to let it go, but he ended up jerking his hands slightly to the left to poke at it, the edge loops to second slip;Gautam Gambhir c Ponting b Siddle 13 (52m 46b 1x4 0x6) SR: 28.26;
11.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, no run bounce for Hilfenhaus, but Dravid has already shouldered arms;
11.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, no run tight defence, comes forward initially, plays late and pushes the length ball towards extra cover;
11.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, no run pitched up full and around the off stump, Dravid reaches out and squeezes the push back to the bowler;
11.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, no run fuller length draws him forward to push at it, the ball runs away to gully;
11.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, no run outside off again and he lets it go;
11.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, no run left alone not far outside off;
10.6;?;Siddle to Gambhir, no run appeal for leg before, that looked very close, it swung back in after starting to angle across and hit him in front, seemed to be in line, need to look at the replays, which show that the ball would have bounced over the stumps, hmm, did not seem so in real time though;
10.5;?;Siddle to Gambhir, no run excellent delivery now from siddle, runs in and digs it short of a length, it generates lots of bounce and whizzes past a surprised Gautam who was coming across;
10.4;4;Siddle to Gambhir, FOUR runs there have been a few of these from australia, fullish and swinging in to the pads, Gautam tickles it fine for another four;
10.3;?;Siddle to Gambhir, no run bit of a leading edge on the off side as he looks to work a back of a length ball on leg;
10.2;?;Siddle to Gambhir, no run pushes a fullish one straight back to the bowler on the bounce and has to get back quickly;
10.1;?;Siddle to Gambhir, no run almost trickled on to leg stump, Gautam was half-forward in to the defensive push, got it off the inner half of the bat and the ball bounced on the crease before changing direction to go very close to leg but did not hit it;
9.6;4;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, FOUR runs shot! Dravid meets the pitched up delivery with a straight bat and sends it purring past mid-on;
9.5;4lb;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, 4 leg byes ends up on the pads, full and down leg, tickles the boot on the back leg and scoots past Haddin's dive;
9.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Dravid, no run slight shape away from the right-hander from a length, who has a look and flags it through;
9.3;3;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, 3 runs he goes for the drive again as Hilfenhaus pitches it up, and this time pings it through extra cover, they will get back for the third;
9.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run and he is beaten on the drive with the fullish one drawing him forward and leaving him just a little;
9.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run comes forward and pushes a pitched up ball to mid off;
8.6;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run ends the over with a confident leave to a straightish one and that will be lunch;
8.5;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run solidly forward to defend the length ball a foot outside off;
8.4;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run bouncer takes off too high;
8.3;1;Pattinson to Gambhir, 1 run pushed away through extra cover off the front foot and Gautam speeds across for the single;
8.2;3;Pattinson to Dravid, 3 runs shot! pitched up too full and Dravid bends the knee to squeeze out the drive past point, opening the face to get the placement right, and picks up three;
8.1;?;Pattinson to Dravid, no run looking for the magic away swinger that starts middle and leg and takes off, does not quite get that movement, Dravid is still tested as he adjusts to defend towards point;
7.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run beaten this time by the bouncing delivery, it was carrying on well outside off, Gautam hopped and tried to push at it;
7.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run again he is not getting forward, playing from the crease, defends on to the leg side as he gets across;
7.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run stays in the crease again, with that short cover lurking, and plays out the length ball;
7.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run defended off the front foot;
7.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run stays in the crease and pushes it back to the bowler;
7.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run an enquiry for lbw but he was hit very high, on the thigh pad, as this one straightened from a length;
6.6;2;Pattinson to Dravid, 2 runs Dravid is away as he gets a length ball on the pads and whips it square for a couple;
6.5;1;Pattinson to Gambhir, 1 run late inswing into the lefthander, Gautam is already shaping up to drive and manages to get it towards midwicket off the inner part of the blade;
6.4;?;Pattinson to Gambhir, no run squeezes out the very full delivery to Warner at shortish point, crowd, there is not much, thinks it is a catch;
6.3;?;Pattinson to Gambhir, no run similar to the previous ball, angled across and not meddled with;
6.2;?;Pattinson to Gambhir, no run another leave outside off stump;
6.1;?;Pattinson to Gambhir, no run Pattinsone starts the over with a short ball that Gautam can let go with the angle, weaving away from the line;
5.6;W;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, OUT they have the big wicket, and India's chase has been dealt a potentially crippling blow, Sehwag goes after the short and widish delivery, and smacks it straight to Hussey at gully, could have gone anywhere but found the man, wasn't in a great position for the shot though, ended up playing it with one leg in the air, Hussey holds on to the screamer and celebrates;Virender Sehwag c Hussey b Hilfenhaus 7 (28m 12b 1x4 0x6) SR: 58.33;
5.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, no run pushed back to the bowler;
5.4;1;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, 1 run neatly done, he was hit on the thigh pad as he missed the work to square leg, but as the ball dribbles away on off, they scamper across, the Delhi pair;
5.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run pushes well forward and across and defends towards extra cover;
5.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run leading edge rolls away on the off side as he tries to work the length delivery towards midwicket;
5.1;1;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, 1 run pushes at the outswinging length ball on the up from the crease, gets it wide of extra cover for one;
4.6;?;Pattinson to Gambhir, no run left alone safely outside off;
4.5;?;Pattinson to Gambhir, no run phew, excellent short ball, around the off stump line, Gautam is coming half-forward and across, and just about manages to get out of the way as the ball zooms past his helmet grill;
4.4;?;Pattinson to Gambhir, no run left alone this time, Pattinson trying to get him to drive but Gautam letting it go for once;
4.3;?;Pattinson to Gambhir, no run comes forward to the inswinging delivery and closes the face to push to midwicket;
4.2;?;Pattinson to Gambhir, no run now he looks to push this away going pitched up delivery, was not close enough to be going after it, and he is beaten;
4.1;?;Pattinson to Gambhir, no run angled across the left-hander but far outside off and a comfortable leave;
3.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, no run he is playing from the crease, ever prepared to force them on the up, pushes this away moving length delivery towards extra cover;
3.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, no run dead straight on a length, headed for middle stump, Sehwag adjusts and pushes it back;
3.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, no run now Sehwag gets one angled in to the pads but cannot work it past square leg;
3.3;1;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, 1 run short of a length but on to the pads and he gets off strike with a deft work to fine leg;
3.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run this is where he was undone in the first innings, he gets it to move away from the left-hander, just zipped away sharply after pitching on a length, an uncertain Gautam was beaten;
3.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run gets bat in front of pad, to counter the inswing and pushes to midwicket;
2.6;4;Pattinson to Sehwag, FOUR runs outside edge but in to the gap between the three slips and gully, Sehwag will go after the ones pitched up, he tries to drive away from the body, the edge flies away;
2.5;?;Pattinson to Sehwag, no run has a little fiddle with this short of a length ball holding its line a long way outside off, withdraws the bat late;
2.4;1;Pattinson to Gambhir, 1 run much better delivery, starting to angle across the left-hander and then swinging in towards middle, he adjusts the front foot and manages to work it to fine leg;
2.3;4lb;Pattinson to Gambhir, 4 leg byes there have been a few of those from Australia, another one swinging in to the pads, and Gautam is not missing out on it, gets enough on it to take it fine past Haddin;
2.2;?;Pattinson to Gambhir, no run digs in the bouncer, Gautam spots it early and goes down underneath it;
2.1;1;Pattinson to Sehwag, 1 run stays in the crease and pushes a length ball softly from close to the body for an easy single towards extra cover;
1.6;1;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, 1 run a touch late in getting bat down to a fullish one around off stump, inside edge off pad and towards point to get him off the mark;
1.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, no run gets the line right on the stumps, from a fuller length, he defends with a straight bat;
1.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Sehwag, no run Sehwag starts in typical fashion, goes after a wide away moving shortish delivery that he cannot get bat to;
1.3;1lb;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, 1 leg bye gets off strike with a helpful delivery on the pads, dinked behind square for one;
1.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run gets forward and across and blocks one that starts to move in from outside off on a length;
1.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Gambhir, no run starts off with a full delivery moving in towards the pads, Gautam gets bat in front of pad and pushes towards midwicket;
0.6;1;Pattinson to Gambhir, 1 run gets a length ball on the pads now and gets off the mark with a work through square leg;
0.5;?;Pattinson to Gambhir, no run excellent leave, given Gautam's recent tendency to fiddle outside off with an angled blade, he shoulders arms to one that wasn't far at all from off stump;
0.4;?;Pattinson to Gambhir, no run allows this one to carry on with the angle across him;
0.3;?;Pattinson to Gambhir, no run touch late in playing at this pitched up delivery as he plays half-forward, opens the face a touch to run it to the cordon;
0.2;?;Pattinson to Gambhir, no run slightly wider outside off and he lets it go past, good bounce for Pattinson;
0.1;?;Pattinson to Gambhir, no run and Gautam plays out this one with that angled bat towards point, it was a tight line around off stump;
0.1;1w;Pattinson to Gambhir, 1 wide starts with a very wide and short delivery that moves further away, Haddin takes it in front of first slip;

All set for the chase to start. India have just over 30 minutes to negotiate till lunch. And the man who India could not dismiss in the match, will run in with the new ball, to Gambhir
 Innings Start