Data
5.05pm Australia started quite well, but Shakib Al Hasan and Mushfiqur Rahim wrenched the game from the visitors' grasp with an enterprising 100-plus partnership. Both batsmen were quite adept at besting Australia's short-ball plan and have placed Bangladesh in a very good position.
"I thought I was hitting well," says Shakib who had wanted himself to be more consistent, especially batting in the top-order. Despite losing early wickets it is important to be smart and positive and not get bogged down he adds. It is an "okay" total and could be defended if the spinners bowl really well and get some early wickets
Milind: "I don't understand Aus's concept of saving Nile's overs? He was bowling pretty well , took 2 wickets, economy less than 6. If they were saving him for death bowling, then why not give him the bowl??" Possibly because he went for a few in one of the previous games.. Not that Starc hasn't though
19.6;W;Starc to Nasir, OUT bowled off the last ball as he was trying to make room! Beaten for pace as he tried to dab it away to third man for at best a single;Nasir Hossain b Starc 14 (13m 10b 2x4 0x6) SR: 140;
19.5;2;Starc to Nasir, 2 runs slower short ball, again with room on offer. Flat bats it down the ground and they snare a rapid could against David Warner's arm. That's well done!;
19.4;4;Starc to Nasir, FOUR runs low full toss outside off, slammed through cover. Bisects the man inside the circle and Maxwell in the deep. Offered room and taken advantage of;
19.3;1;Starc to Mahmudullah, 1 run jams in a yorker on middle, dug out down the ground;
19.2;1;Starc to Nasir, 1 run presents an angled bat to the fuller ball outside off, finds cover point in the deep;
19.1;1;Starc to Mahmudullah, 1 run fires it full and just wide of off stump, jammed away to point;
18.6;1;Watson to Mahmudullah, 1 run ensures the batsman get get too far under the ball as he keeps it full on middle and leg, drilled to long-on;
18.5;1;Watson to Nasir, 1 run flicked away to deep midwicket as he bowls full and on leg stump;
18.4;?;Watson to Nasir, no run much better. Finds the yorker even with Nasir moving outside leg stump;
18.4;1nb;Watson to Nasir, (no ball) 138kph, sends down a rather high full toss way wide of the off stump. The batsman advancing has shorted Watson's radar;
18.3;1;Watson to Mahmudullah, 1 run very full on middle and leg, Mahmudullah gets a thick inside edge to long leg;
18.2;1;Watson to Nasir, 1 run low full toss, following the batsman who was making room outside leg. Clipped away smartly to deep square leg;
18.1;4;Watson to Nasir, FOUR runs this is in the slot, made so by Nasir rushing down the track. Gets under it and lifts it over extra cover. No need to slog whatsoever;
17.6;1;Bollinger to Nasir, 1 run slower ball, pitched short and outside off. Cut away to deep third man;
17.5;1;Bollinger to Mahmudullah, 1 run 141kph, short ball on off stump, Mahmudullah keeps to his crease and pulls down to long leg;
17.4;?;Bollinger to Mahmudullah, no run back of a length and pushed across him, he taps with an open face towards point;
17.3;W;Bollinger to Shakib, OUT he has struck this quite hard, but Maxwell has pulled off a blinder at deep midwicket. Cleared his legs for a full swing of the bat down on this full ball on middle. It went flat and hard and Maxi runs forward and dives full length to cling on to a low chance;Shakib Al Hasan c Maxwell b Bollinger 66 (72m 52b 5x4 3x6) SR: 126.92;
17.2;4;Bollinger to Shakib, FOUR runs length ball outside off, Shakin reaches out and belts it over the top of mid-off. Terrible bowling for his field;
17.1;?;Bollinger to Shakib, no run walks across to lap it fine, but Bollinger's yorker smacks onto his boot. Struck just a shade outside the line, reckons the umpire as he turns down the bowler's appeal;
16.6;1;Watson to Shakib, 1 run full and just outside off, Shakib lashes and the resulting thick outside edge goes on a spree to third man;
16.6;1w;Watson to Shakib, 1 wide goes for the wrong option this time. Tries to sneak a wide yorker inside the guideline, but doesn't succeed;
16.5;?;Watson to Shakib, no run 135kph, excellent bouncer! Loads of effort in this as he gets the ball to rise above Shakib's shoulder and defeat his frenetic pull;
16.4;1;Watson to Mahmudullah, 1 run full delivery on off stump, pushed to long-on;
16.3;1;Watson to Shakib, 1 run slashed to deep point as this was full and wide outside off again;
16.3;1w;Watson to Shakib, 1 wide fuller delivery pushed way too far across the left-hander, even if he was moving across to off stump;
16.2;W;Watson to Mushfiqur, OUT went deep in his crease to try and get under this fuller ball on middle, but the slog falls safely into the hands of Maxwell at deep midwicket. Falls short of a well-deserved fifty;Mushfiqur Rahim c Maxwell b Watson 47 (56m 36b 5x4 1x6) SR: 130.55;
16.1;?;Watson to Mushfiqur, no run walks at him, but Watson sends down a fuller ball that sneaks between bat and pad. Almost yorked himself as he goes for a flick;
16.1;1w;Watson to Mushfiqur, 1 wide starts off with a full one way down leg. Mushi was looking to lap it away to the fine leg boundary, but can't put bat to ball. Easy wide though;
15.6;?;Starc to Shakib, no run 145kph, lovely finish. Yorker on middle stump, kept out quite nicely too;
15.5;1;Starc to Mushfiqur, 1 run slower short ball and Mushi was into the pull a little too early, but he had adjusted well enough to have it drop short of the man at long leg;
15.4;2;Starc to Mushfiqur, 2 runs searing yorker on off stump, Mushi jams down an open face down on it and gets a couple to third man;
15.3;1;Starc to Shakib, 1 run walks across as he bets on Starc going full and straight. Scoops it to long leg, excellent sense of timing from Shakib. Had he missed that he would have been bowled;
15.2;1;Starc to Mushfiqur, 1 run another full toss and this sits up for Mushi to pound over the covers. Should really have beaten that man in the deep;
15.2;1w;Starc to Mushfiqur, 1 wide this time the yorker goes wrong. Ends up a wide full toss outside off, nowhere near Mushi's reach;
15.1;1;Starc to Shakib, 1 run terrific yorker as he followed Shakib, who was backing away outside leg. That's when he's dangerous, when he gets those those big inswinging yorkers;
14.6;4;Christian to Mushfiqur, FOUR runs full and wide outside off, Mushi has flayed this through point. Third man is too fine to cut this off. Clean strike;
14.5;1;Christian to Shakib, 1 run offers it up on length and outside off, but Shakib's slog goes more off the inside half of the bat. Single to deep midwicket to bring up the 100 partnership;
14.4;1;Christian to Mushfiqur, 1 run stays put and pulls this short ball on middle to deep square leg;
14.3;?;Christian to Mushfiqur, no run keeps making room as he charges him and the endeavor throws him off balance and too far away from the short ball outside off to make contact;
14.2;1;Christian to Shakib, 1 run length ball outside off, Shakib slog sweeps to deep midwicket;
14.1;1;Christian to Mushfiqur, 1 run short on off stump, he backs away and cuts to deep point;
13.6;6;Maxwell to Shakib, SIX runs thumped straight down the ground! Shakib is motoring along. Gets under this quick dart on middle and heaves it towards the sight screen;
13.6;2nb;Maxwell to Mushfiqur, (no ball) 1 run he's overstepped! Length ball on the stumps, picked away into the leg side for a single;
13.5;1;Maxwell to Shakib, 1 run quicker ball slid down the leg side, Shakib flicks it away behind square leg for his fifty;
13.4;?;Maxwell to Shakib, no run goes back and punches the length ball through into the covers;
13.3;1;Maxwell to Mushfiqur, 1 run gets down on one knee and slog sweeps this flighted ball on middle and leg to deep square leg;
13.2;?;Maxwell to Mushfiqur, no run flighted outside off, he blocks solidly;
13.1;1b;Maxwell to Shakib, 1 bye flighted outside off, and Shakib lashes out with a cover drive. Haddin didn't stay low enough and lets a bye through;
12.6;4;Christian to Mushfiqur, FOUR runs lovely ball, doesn't deserve the eventual result. The offcutter was dug in short as he saw the batsman charging at him. Mushi looks to ramp it over third man, but is beaten. The ball bounces before Haddin and spins past him;
12.5;2;Christian to Mushfiqur, 2 runs length ball, he picks it up and lashes it wide of long-on. Looked like he had smoked it, but he's got too much height on it;
12.4;?;Christian to Mushfiqur, no run slower short ball on off stump, dabbed to midwicket with soft hands;
12.3;1;Christian to Shakib, 1 run short ball, he's been quick to pull but has mistimed it. Goes uppishly in the region of mid-on, if it had been there;
12.2;1;Christian to Mushfiqur, 1 run back of a length on off stump, nudged away to mdiwicket who sends in a direct hit. The third umpire is called. He's well in;
12.1;1;Christian to Shakib, 1 run slower ball, drags it short and wide outside off. So wide that the batsman's timing is shot as he cuts to deep point;
11.6;?;Bollinger to Mushfiqur, no run thinks it would be the fuller one and races down the track, but Bollinger double bluffs. Shorter ball directed across him and it bounces much more to beat his slashing blade;
11.5;4;Bollinger to Mushfiqur, FOUR runs this has been murdered! Australia's plan of bowling short is backfiring big time! Doesn't matter if he was on the front foot, this sat up and he's pummeled it in front of midwicket;
11.4;1;Bollinger to Shakib, 1 run fullish on leg stump, pushed down the ground to long-on;
11.3;1;Bollinger to Mushfiqur, 1 run 141kph, back of a length delivery on leg stump, flicked behind square leg;
11.2;1;Bollinger to Shakib, 1 run short ball and he's been very willing to take them head on. Once again he's quick on the pull and finds the man at deep square leg;
11.1;2;Bollinger to Shakib, 2 runs chips it over mid-off, who despite making good ground by running back, is not able to get under it. Fuller delivery on off stump hoisted over the infield;
10.6;1;Maxwell to Shakib, 1 run short and wide, Shakib backs away and slaps it to the sweeper;
10.5;1;Maxwell to Mushfiqur, 1 run flighted on and around leg stump, much slower in pace and Mushi nudges it off his pads;
10.4;6;Maxwell to Mushfiqur, SIX runs this sails into the Mirpur crowd! That's how you use you feet, got under the flighted ball and smacks it for an 84m-six over deep midwicket;
10.3;1;Maxwell to Shakib, 1 run beaten in flight but because he went through with the shot, he was able to cart this tossed up delivery outside off to long-on;
10.2;1;Maxwell to Mushfiqur, 1 run flights it and uses a slower pace, Mushi waits and nudges through square leg;
10.1;1;Maxwell to Shakib, 1 run very eager to use his feet against the spinner. Reaches the pitch and drills it down to long-on;
9.6;4;Coulter-Nile to Mushfiqur, FOUR runs short ball on middle and off, Mushi rocks back and pulls wide of the long leg fielder. Terrific strike;
9.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Shakib, 1 run 142kph, that's slipped out of his hands! Rather high full toss gets an outside edge that balloons over cover. That was a smidge over the waist and he's gotten away with it. Instant apology from Coulter-Nile;
9.4;4;Coulter-Nile to Shakib, FOUR runs what timing! All he did was come down on the ball with a chop, there was no flourish at all. But it easily beats deep third man;
9.3;2;Coulter-Nile to Shakib, 2 runs full on leg stump, but Shakib has played this a little too early. Gets a bit of a leading edge that evades the bowler's left hand;
9.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Mushfiqur, 1 run 141kph, too quick for him there, and a bit of extra bounce too. It was shortish and around the off stump and Mushi was looking for the typically subcontinental flick to midwicket. Gets truck on the glove as the ball has a bit more sting on it;
9.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Shakib, 1 run too close for a horizontal bat shot, but still manages to tap it down to third man. Not off the middle though;
8.6;1;Watson to Shakib, 1 run chopes the shortish ball angled in at him to deep third man;
8.5;?;Watson to Shakib, no run 135 kph, looks for a dab to third man but this wasn't really short enough or wide enough for that;
8.4;1b;Watson to Mushfiqur, 1 bye races down the track, but Watto's seen him and sends down a short ball outside off. Can't reach it and the keeper fluffs up as well;
8.3;?;Watson to Mushfiqur, no run slower ball, kept full on off stump. Mushi blocks with an open face;
8.2;1;Watson to Shakib, 1 run full and outside off, Shakib is forward and slaps it through the covers;
8.1;1;Watson to Mushfiqur, 1 run back of a length on off stump, Mushi goes deep in his crease and works it away behind square leg;
7.6;?;Bollinger to Shakib, no run fullish and outside off, he drives to mid-off;
7.5;4;Bollinger to Shakib, FOUR runs 133kph, excellent strike! Short ball, but doesn't rise as high as Bollinger wanted. Shakib though is set on the back foot and swivel pulls it down behind the square leg boundary;
7.4;1;Bollinger to Mushfiqur, 1 run rushes at the bowler and though it is bowled short and pushed across him to try and beat his reach, Mushi taps it away behind point;
7.3;1;Bollinger to Shakib, 1 run fullish and just outside off, waits on it nicely and dabs it to third man;
7.2;1;Bollinger to Mushfiqur, 1 run back of a length on and around off stump, guided with an open face to third man;
7.1;1;Bollinger to Shakib, 1 run comes down the track again, but he strikes this off the bottom of the bat. Fuller delivery outside off dragged to long-on;
6.6;1;Maxwell to Shakib, 1 run tossed up again, pushed into the covers for a single;
6.5;?;Maxwell to Shakib, no run lovely flight again from Maxi. The batsman is lured forward and slices it to point;
6.4;1;Maxwell to Mushfiqur, 1 run picks the good length ball off his pads for a couple through midwicket;
6.3;4;Maxwell to Mushfiqur, FOUR runs gets no turn from this angle and he bowls one a little short and wide. Mushi goes back and slaps it into the gap through point. Waited on it nicely and put it away into the gap;
6.2;1;Maxwell to Shakib, 1 run isn't afraid of tossing the ball up despite the last ball. Slower pace keeps Shakib to a defensive nudge into the leg side;
6.1;4;Maxwell to Shakib, FOUR runs what a welcome! advances to reach the pitch and hosts the flighted ball over the bowler's head.;
5.6;1;Watson to Shakib, 1 run full and wide yorker, Shakib jams a horizontal bat down on it and steers it to deep point;
5.5;6;Watson to Shakib, SIX runs offers up a length ball outside off and he's been carted over the long-on boundary. Cleared his front leg and slammed it for the 250th six of the tournament;
5.4;4lb;Watson to Shakib, 4 leg byes comes down the track again and though the bowler tries refuses to let him to get under it, Shakib deflects it off his thighs and past the keeper;
5.3;?;Watson to Shakib, no run back of a length on middle, Shakib blocks;
5.2;?;Watson to Shakib, no run skips down the track, but Watson keeps him honest by pulling his length back;
5.1;?;Watson to Shakib, no run full on leg stump, Shakib flicks off the front foot but isn't able to beat the lone man at short fine leg. Boundary opportunity goes begging;
4.6;1;Bollinger to Shakib, 1 run shuffles across and nudges this off this thighs to long leg;
4.5;?;Bollinger to Shakib, no run races down the track and looks to heave down the ground, but misses the fuller delivery curving in at him a bit. Misses the middle bail by inches;
4.4;6;Bollinger to Shakib, SIX runs launced over midwicket! Takes on the bouncer and he's succeeded with some elan! He was on the front foot, but pushed his weight back just enough to swat it away;
4.3;1;Bollinger to Mushfiqur, 1 run movement away and it fetches a bit of an outside edge that wanders past a diving second slip. Australia continue exploring a shortish length and deriving just a hint of seam;
4.2;?;Bollinger to Mushfiqur, no run fullish on and around middle, Mushi presents a straight bat;
4.1;?;Bollinger to Mushfiqur, no run targets the batsman's ribs, but Mushi's is on the back foot and blocks with soft hands;
3.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Shakib, no run back of a length on and around off stump, blocked into the covers;
3.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Shakib, no run goes for a lash over the top of the slips, but the bounce on this short ball directed across him is too much;
3.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Mushfiqur, 1 run shortish and a bit of width outside off, he rides it down to third man. Good bounce off this deck;
3.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Mushfiqur, no run 141kph, lovely fuller length fetches a little bit of away swing. Gets a thick outside edge to point;
3.2;W;Coulter-Nile to Tamim, OUT good length ball around the off stump, Tamim goes for an on-the-up drive again but this time his timing is terrible. Lobs a low catch to mid-off and departs with his head down. He's not had a very good few months recently and that rut continues;Tamim Iqbal c Bollinger b Coulter-Nile 5 (16m 11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 45.45;
3.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Tamim, no run 142kph, sends a very full and very wide delivery that Tamim rightly goes after with a cover drive. Doesn't connect;
2.6;4;Starc to Shakib, FOUR runs full and wide outside off and Shakib races down the track and drills it through the covers. His back foot came off the ground as he had to reach out for it;
2.5;3;Starc to Tamim, 3 runs nothing wrong with the ball, but Tamim gains some confidence by a solid front foot push. Held his balance as he punches the good length ball on the up and through the covers;
2.4;?;Starc to Tamim, no run dug in short and just a shade outside off, Tamim has seen the line and leaves it;
2.3;?;Starc to Tamim, no run goes fuller and Tamim prefers it there, moves forward eagerly and drives to mid-off;
2.2;?;Starc to Tamim, no run back-to-back beauties and both of them were shorter in length. Gets a bit of help from the pitch as this seams past the outside edge;
2.1;?;Starc to Tamim, no run much better. This time he realises it's a leftie and delivers a back of a length delivery that curls away after pitching. Lures a poke from Tamim and beats him;
2.1;1w;Starc to Tamim, 1 wide the wide bug bits Starc this time. Presents a lovely, good length ball angled across the right-hander... Only it was Tamim on strike;
1.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Shakib, no run full on off stump, he strides forward and pushes to mid-on;
1.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Shakib, no run back of a length and outside off, steered to point off his toes;
1.4;W;Coulter-Nile to Anamul, OUT simple catch at first slip and Anamul succumbs to a very rash shot! Charged him and swung wildly, that's been his gameplan in this little innings, and it ends with a straightforward snick into the cordon. Reward for a fuller length for Coulter-Nile;Anamul Haque c Watson b Coulter-Nile 0 (8m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
1.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Tamim, 1 run 142kph, back of a length on middle and leg, picked away to deep square leg;
1.3;1w;Coulter-Nile to Tamim, 1 wide slower ball, slides down leg again. Two wides in his first over back in the side.;
1.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Tamim, no run fires it into the blockhole on middle, Tamim digs it out with an angled bat. Gets a thick outside edge to point;
1.2;1w;Coulter-Nile to Tamim, 1 wide poor direction from Coulter-Nile and he's saved a few blushes by a big dive from the keeper. Inswinger goes way down leg;
1.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Tamim, no run full, on and around off stump. Tamim presses forward and drives to mid-off;
0.6;?;Starc to Anamul, no run another one dug in around the off stump and Anamul uses soft hands to dab it towards point;
0.5;?;Starc to Anamul, no run 142kph, shortish on middle and Anamul blocks much more calmly;
0.4;?;Starc to Anamul, no run cuts him in half again, this time with the batsman charging him. It's just back of a good length and ducks back in at him.;
0.3;?;Starc to Anamul, no run low full toss, think he was going for an indipping yorker there. Anamul drills it to mid-on with a straight bat;
0.2;?;Starc to Anamul, no run 143kph, throws his bat at a full, inswinging delivery outside off. No feet whatsoever though and he's beaten soundly;
0.1;1;Starc to Tamim, 1 run full and a bit of curl away has Tamim uncertain about playing it. In the end the ball thuds into his bat as he tries to pull it away and it squirts away to third man;

3.25 pm Taskin Ahmed receives his cap from former Bangladesh captain Akram Khan, just before the teams head out to the middle. Anamul Haque and Tamim Iqbal get set to face the Aussie pace barrage. Mitchell Starc has the ball in hand. A wide first slip has the company of a very tight second slip
Mazhar Chowdhur: "@ Sean Pain: Bangladesh is weak at playing leg spin despite the class of the bowler. Bagladesh included another off spinner in the squad as Aussie were vulnerable against Aswin. You made our task easy omitting Muirhead."
3.20 pm The usual ceremony before the first ball is upon us as the teams and officials walk out for the national anthems. I spot a few white spaces in the crowd, but those who've turned up - in vivid face paints no less - would ensure the volume stays as high as possible
Sadim: "Bishop escorting Mushfiqur for toss really looks like a father dropping off his son to school."
And here's the elusive, and rather vehement Aussie supporter: "I don't think Australia will be as complacent as England. Three losses will sting after a largely flawless Aussie summer, and all XI will want to put Bangladesh (who may already be thinking about driving back to their warm beds) to the sword. The Aussies don't play again until the UAE. Watch the fury!" Fair to say, off come the kid gloves...
3.00 pm Bangladesh have won the toss and will bat They have made three changes: Sohag Gazi, Mominul Haque and Taskin Ahmed, the 18-year old seamer makes his debut. Australia have brought in Dan Christian and Nathan Coulter-Nile. The Australia captain said they have not played a complete game so far. There need be nothing said after such performances. He says it's time for action.
Sean Pain: "So Aussies have picked Christian in place of Hodge and Nile in place of Muirhead,two medium pacers for two spinners and that too on a spinning track.Bailey doesn't look like a good captain.His decisions have been disastrous."
"I am tired of hearing this - "BD team still has their fan support". Can someone remind BD players that fans cannot play, perform and win the game for them?" Ron, let me tell you, if they're given the chance they might well show the players a thing or two. They've made this tournament quite memorable with their vocal and vibrant support. Here is Abhishek Purohit to continue along that vein, saying Bangladesh simply have to repay their fans' unconditional love
2.55 pm Mitchell Starc says it has been a disappointing tournament for Australia so far but they are looking to go out and show what they can really do today. He hoped to exploit the shorter balls a little more today. Early on with new ball, he would search for swing. But in the death he'll try and hit the block hole or use the bouncer. He adds there is no hiding away from their performance. It's been well short of the standards they want to keep to and want to go away with at least a win
2.45 pm Despite a lot of traffic on this Mirpur pitch, it remains very, very hard. That's the reason for it to keep offering quick turn, instead of the slower kind that happens in India sometimes. It's quite rough and that allows it to absorb all the sunlight and keep it quite dry. So the captain winning the toss would want to bat first and get the spinners into play later
James: "Hoping for a consolation win for Bangladesh today, partly (I have to admit) to see another team as inept as England (I like to set the ineptitude bar high!). Plus it's their tournament, and it's been enjoyable so far." Where, oh where are the Aussie supporters?
"I personally think BD have a slight edge over Aussies," says iamRifard and he goes on to bolster his statement. "Aussies are morally affected by 3 losses one after other and being ruled out.. for BD it's not a dead rubber it's a challenge for them to beat Aussies one more time in international stage abd they are still backed up by their supporters.."
But just so you guys don't start throwing sticks and stones, I'll also plug in an Australia tournament review, where Dan Brettig thinks an ill-balanced side, especially in their ability to use and counter spin, takes precedence over fatigue for their failure
Seems like it's the day for self-indulgence. In lieu of that I shall allow Jignesh to gush about my awesome skills: Jignesh: "Mind blowing. What an opening of the commentary. You make it look like it's going to be any mystery suspense movie. At some places you sounded like Tarak Mehta (when he gives closing ceremony at the end of every program.) Suspense, Mystery, Thriller, Drama, Comedy"
2.30 pm One is the host of this World T20, but home advantage has amounted for naught. The other had a batting line-up to rave about but has failed to perform to even half the expectation. This is both Australia and Bangladesh's last chance to leave the tournament with a victory. Will that be motivation enough, or would the disappointment of three successive losses be too much to overcome? See, even a dead rubber has so many questions to be answered
 Innings Start
6.45 pm That's it from this match, thank you for your company and your comments but do go on to the other match, where Pakistan and West Indies will fight for a spot in the semi-final. This is Alagappan Muthu, signing off
"A little consolation," says George Bailey, "Hell of a lot better result that if it had gone the other way. All the things we wanted to do, we did did today. Picked the balls, picked the gaps and the bowling was good as well. [Seam-dominated attack?] Just wanted to hit up them with a bit of pace. We knew there was enough varionaiton with Maxi, Watson and Christians medium pace. I think the its still a game of basics, we just haven't done them well enough in crunch games and lost them. We had a side that was up for the challenge and I'd not want to take anything from them"
"In the end we couldn't finish it well,"Mushifiqur Rahim, "After losing a couple of wickets, getting around 160+ would have been good. The wicket wasn't turning too much and our fast bowling is not our strength. Warner and Finch batted really well in the front and that dropped catch was touch as well. There are a few positives. Anamul and Shakib did very well, but in a World tournament we need to do well as a team. Thanks to the crowd for their support and hopefully we give back their faith soon"
Aaron Finch is the Man of the Match "Disappointing that it's come in this game. Nice to finish off with a win though. Wicket got better as the game went on. The way we started with the ball was good. We were in SA as well, we knew they would be slow, but we just didn't know it would be this slow. "
6.30 pm The target wasn't really daunting, and with the openers setting a solid platform Australia were always in the driver's seat. Aaron Finch continued his good form with 71 off 45 and he proved the difference as he blunted Bangladesh's spinners quite ably
17.3;6;Al-Amin to Bailey, SIX runs over long-off to complete Australia's only victory of the World T20. The two batsmen touch gloves, but there's no real joy there. Al-Amin offers a half-volley that has been blasted out of the ground, Bailey getting a decent hit out there;
17.2;4;Al-Amin to Bailey, FOUR runs smashes it down the ground, length ball with enough room outside off to pick it up and power it away;
17.1;?;Al-Amin to Bailey, no run fullish on off stump, pushed down to mid-off;
16.6;1;Taskin to Bailey, 1 run ducks back in off a good length and Bailey gets off the mark with an inside edge towards long leg. He's been scratchy all through the tournament;
16.5;?;Taskin to Bailey, no run short and wide outside off, Bailey looks to steer it down the third man but only gets a bottom edge to the keeper;
16.4;?;Taskin to Bailey, no run gets it nice and full and just outside off, pushed to short cover;
16.3;?;Taskin to Bailey, no run shortish and outside off, dabbed to point;
16.2;W;Taskin to Maxwell, OUT misses a full toss and has his stumps in disarray. First T20 wicket for Taskin. Looked to hit across the line towards midwicket and the bat face closed a little too early. Consolation wicket, but Australia are already on the cusp of a... uh, consolation victory;Glenn Maxwell b Taskin Ahmed 5 (6m 3b 1x4 0x6) SR: 166.66;
16.1;4;Taskin to Maxwell, FOUR runs slower ball, came out of the back of his hand. Maxi though was waiting for it and he has laced this through midwicket.;
15.6;4;Al-Amin to White, FOUR runs slower short ball outside off, White has powered this through to the midwicket boundary;
15.5;1;Al-Amin to Maxwell, 1 run full and outside off, Maxi nudges it all along the ground to long-on;
15.4;1;Al-Amin to White, 1 run leg cutter again, steered to third man with an angled face;
15.3;2;Al-Amin to White, 2 runs short ball, sits up for the pull shot which is nailed by White. Mominul does quite well in the deep and keeps it to two;
15.2;?;Al-Amin to White, no run fullish on off stump, defended;
15.1;W;Al-Amin to Finch, OUT terrific catch from Nasir, who inspects his right wrist to check for damage. Leg cutter dupes him as Finch backs away and looks to flay this over the covers. Gets more of an edge which soars into the evening sky. Deep point races in, keeps his eyes on the ball all the way through and pouches it safely despite it swirling a little away from him at the last minute;Aaron Finch c Nasir Hossain b Al-Amin Hossain 71 (62m 45b 7x4 4x6) SR: 157.77;
14.6;1;Mominul to Finch, 1 run dart outside off stump, cut away to deep point;
14.5;6;Mominul to Finch, SIX runs look out over extra cover! Plantede his front leg outside leg and hammered this over the top, that's the second time he's nailed that shot today;
14.4;1;Mominul to White, 1 run came forward and pushes this towards point;
14.3;1;Mominul to Finch, 1 run shortish, but this is quicker. So Finch punches it behind point, along the ground;
14.2;4;Mominul to Finch, FOUR runs short ball, slammed to the cover boundary. Made room outside leg and he's muscled this away. No need to keep it down;
14.1;1;Mominul to White, 1 run stays quite low! Darted in on middle and leg and White just manages to whip it behind square leg;
13.6;?;Razzak to Finch, no run stays back despite a bit of flight on this, pushed into the covers;
13.5;1;Razzak to White, 1 run shortish and outside off, bit of turn there. White uses it and slaps to long-off;
13.4;?;Razzak to White, no run skips down the track, but he was playing down the wrong line. Wears it on the pads;
13.3;1;Razzak to Finch, 1 run stays beside this fuller delivery and slaps it to deep point;
13.2;1;Razzak to White, 1 run flighted on off stump, White looks for the lap sweep and gets an inside edge. Appeal instantly muted;
13.1;1;Razzak to Finch, 1 run short on off stump, he backs away and slaps it to deep cover;
12.6;?;Taskin to White, no run gets nicely forward to the full ball outside off and drives to mid-off;
12.5;?;Taskin to White, no run fullish and just outside off, keeps White to a forward push to mid-off;
12.4;4;Taskin to White, FOUR runs short ball and White has pummeled this past the midwicket fielder. His height helped him there to get on top of the ball, even though he was on the front foot;
12.3;1;Taskin to Finch, 1 run 143kph, fuller ball outside off, pushed down to long-off;
12.2;4;Taskin to Finch, FOUR runs length ball outside off, Finch slogs it to the deep midwicket boundary. In the arc out of the park stuff now;
12.2;1w;Taskin to Finch, 1 wide fuller delivery slides down leg, and the umpire calls him on it;
12.1;4;Taskin to Finch, FOUR runs low full toss outside off, Finch drills this through the covers to raise his second fifty of the tournament. This seems to be a match-winning one;
11.6;?;Al-Amin to White, no run fullish on off, White is forward and blocks towards midwicket;
11.5;2;Al-Amin to White, 2 runs this was chipped in the air, but falls right between midwicket and mid-on. The ball seemed to hold up on the pitch a little more and White was way too early into the flick;
11.5;1w;Al-Amin to White, 1 wide too short this time and it was high enough to be called a wide. White looks to hook, but can't connect;
11.4;1;Al-Amin to Finch, 1 run this one straightens outside off and Finch gets a thick outside edge to third man to raise the Australian hundred;
11.3;1;Al-Amin to White, 1 run good length ball outside off, White was coming forward to defend and gets a thick inside edge behind square leg;
11.2;W;Al-Amin to Warner, OUT off goes the middle stump and Al-Amin sends Warner off, with a few verbals as well. Good length ball angled in at the stumps as he had switched around the wicket. The batsman went for a pull, when it wasn't really short enough and misses. Middle stump is knocked back and Al-Amin gets in Warner's face while celebrating;David Warner b Al-Amin Hossain 48 (43m 35b 5x4 3x6) SR: 137.14;
11.1;1;Al-Amin to Finch, 1 run good length ball, angled in on off stump. Pushed to long-on. They wanted a couple, but it wasn't really there;
10.6;1;Sohag Gazi to Finch, 1 run opens the face and carves this behind point;
10.5;4;Sohag Gazi to Finch, FOUR runs short ball, with room outside off again. Rocks back and pulls to thump it to the midwicket boundary;
10.4;?;Sohag Gazi to Finch, no run Mushi's certain that was out, he's bewildered at the umpire's decision to rule this not out. And yep, there was a giant edge. This was flatter on off stump and he went back to cut. This almost goes off the face and was well taken by the keeper. Umpire Dharmasena was staunchly shaking his head;
10.3;?;Sohag Gazi to Finch, no run darts one in on middle and leg, Finch goes back and blocks;
10.2;6;Sohag Gazi to Finch, SIX runs a bit too much air on this one, also too much room. Finch gets down on one-knee and cart him over midwicket.;
10.1;1;Sohag Gazi to Warner, 1 run flighted on leg stump, but Warner prefers to stay back and clip it to deep square leg;
9.6;?;Shakib to Finch, no run bowls slower to Finch, who is a little more tentative facing him. Presses forward to flick against the turn and gets hit on the pad;
9.5;1;Shakib to Warner, 1 run skips down the track, but Shakib pushes it full and wide. Warner jams an open face down and picks up a single between cover and point;
9.4;?;Shakib to Warner, no run darted in on off stump, whipped to midiwcket;
9.3;6;Shakib to Warner, SIX runs back-to-back! Shakib's figures get dented further as Warner charges him and swings it over midwicket;
9.2;6;Shakib to Warner, SIX runs slog sweep again and it's the same result. Pounded over midwicket as manages to get under it and a clean swing of the arms powers it away;
9.1;1;Shakib to Finch, 1 run flights it up on middle, Finch waits on it on the front foot and pushes into the covers. Easy single with the man on the edge of the circle;
8.6;?;Taskin to Warner, no run walks at him and the slower ball deceives him all ends up. Plays across the line towards midwicket and gets struck on the pads. Taskin appeals, but the batsman had come down the track too far;
8.5;1;Taskin to Finch, 1 run full and outside off, Finch drills it to mid-off who is on the edge of the circle;
8.4;1;Taskin to Warner, 1 run 139kph, picked away off leg stump as this was on a length;
8.3;1;Taskin to Finch, 1 run 137kph, goes fuller and Finch is stuck in his crease. Blocks and gets it off the bottom of the bat. Warner wants a quick single. Taskin runs forward to field it himself but sends a wild through to long-on;
8.2;?;Taskin to Finch, no run a shorter ball outside off, Finch misses out on the cut again. This time it had enough room to be clattered to the boundary. Should consider himself lucky;
8.1;?;Taskin to Finch, no run extracts a bit more bounce off this deck. Nips back in and beats Finch's cut shot. Big appeal from both the captain and the bowler, but the umpire is unmoved;
7.6;2;Razzak to Warner, 2 runs keeps the dart to outside off stump and Warner chops to point. An unnecessary throw results in an extra run;
7.5;?;Razzak to Warner, no run flighted outside leg, and he sweeps to short fine leg;
7.4;?;Razzak to Warner, no run big shot as the batsman shoulders arms, but this was sliding down leg. Warner thought this would have been a wide;
7.3;4;Razzak to Warner, FOUR runs adjusts himself for the flatter ball this time as he bends his knees and pulls well to the right of short fine leg;
7.2;?;Razzak to Warner, no run flatter ball on middle, Warner's pull only ends up an inside edge onto pad;
7.1;6;Razzak to Warner, SIX runs too straight and Warner slog sweeps him miles past the square leg boundary. Picked it early, got under it and struck it powerfully;
6.6;1lb;Taskin to Warner, 1 leg bye 140kph, fuller delivery angled at the pads, and that is where it deflects off. Single to short fine leg;
6.5;1;Taskin to Finch, 1 run slapped through the covers as this is full and outside off;
6.4;1lb;Taskin to Warner, 1 leg bye slower ball, goes down the leg side. Finch wants to pinch a single. Might be tight with a direct hit, third umpire is called in to adjudicate. He's quite safe;
6.3;?;Taskin to Warner, no run short of a good length, but on leg stump. Warner would be disappointed at not connecting the half-sweep well enough to beat short fine leg;
6.2;1;Taskin to Finch, 1 run short again, this time on middle, and Finch pulls to deep midwicket;
6.1;?;Taskin to Finch, no run 135kph, shortish and just outside off, Finch doesn't have enough room to cut and is beaten;
5.6;1;Shakib to Finch, 1 run drags his length back and he was waiting for it, dabs towards point for a single;
5.5;6;Shakib to Finch, SIX runs hoisted over extra cover and he collects the most casual six. Made room for himself and gave it direction, was all he did;
5.4;?;Shakib to Finch, no run flighted on middle, comes forward to block;
5.3;4;Shakib to Finch, FOUR runs slows it up again and this time he flights it, which fetches him a moral victory. Went on with the arm as well, and Finch gets an inside edge to the fine leg boundary;
5.2;4;Shakib to Finch, FOUR runs this was much slower, but his length isn't quite the best. Sat up for Finch who goes deep in his crease and bludgeons it through the covers;
5.1;1;Shakib to Warner, 1 run lands this short on leg stump and Warner pulls it to deep square leg;
4.6;?;Sohag Gazi to Finch, no run keeps out a fuller delivery angled at the stumps;
4.5;1;Sohag Gazi to Warner, 1 run goes back and flicks the length ball through midwicket;
4.4;4;Sohag Gazi to Warner, FOUR runs short ball outside off, Warner is deep in his crease and crunches it through the covers;
4.3;?;Sohag Gazi to Warner, no run switch hit again, but this time he can't connect with a late cut. He wanted to switch hit it to third man, but when he saw the bowler pulling his length back he adjusted his shot, but misses;
4.2;?;Sohag Gazi to Warner, no run flights it on middle and blocks nicely;
4.1;4;Sohag Gazi to Warner, FOUR runs changes his grip, switches right-handed and sweeps him to third man. The bowler had pulled his length back, but that just allowed him to get under it;
3.6;1;Shakib to Warner, 1 run skips down the track and swings with the turn, but this one doesn't. Gets a leading edge that gains far more height than Warner would like. Anamul was running back from mid-on and despite a flailing dive, he can't get a hand to it;
3.5;?;Shakib to Warner, no run;
3.4;?;Shakib to Warner, no run bounce for Shakib, hits Mushi on the left bicep! Warner was outside his crease just for an instant, but he pushed his back leg to safety;
3.3;?;Shakib to Warner, no run good length ball on off stump, nudged away into the leg side;
3.2;4;Shakib to Warner, FOUR runs this dipped a bit on him, but Warner has whipped this to the square leg boundary. Excellent placement;
3.1;1;Shakib to Finch, 1 run flighted on middle, Finch sweeps to square leg. Hint of turn on offer for the left-arm spinner;
2.6;?;Sohag Gazi to Warner, no run good length ball tucked away with the angle towards square leg;
2.5;?;Sohag Gazi to Warner, no run a little more flight on this as he targets off stump, Warner comes forward to block and gets it off the outside edge. Bit more bounce and turn on this;
2.4;1;Sohag Gazi to Finch, 1 run goes back and punches the length ball, with no spin, down the ground to long-on;
2.3;1;Sohag Gazi to Warner, 1 run no spin on this one and with Warner keeping to the back foot and flicks through midwicket;
2.2;1;Sohag Gazi to Finch, 1 run prefers to wait on the back foot as he turns it away to short fine leg. Warner calls it through for a single;
2.1;?;Sohag Gazi to Finch, no run flatter ball on middle, Finch goes back and picks it away to midwicket;
1.6;1lb;Al-Amin to Finch, 1 leg bye shortish in length as he angles this in at him. Finch is on the back foot and whips behind square leg. Don't think there was bat involved though;
1.5;1;Al-Amin to Warner, 1 run tucks him up on middle and leg, Warner nudges into the leg side and though Al-Amin chases after it and sends in a throw at the keeper's end, Finch was well home;
1.4;?;Al-Amin to Warner, no run tighter line on off stump as the back of a length ball is defended down the pitch;
1.3;4;Al-Amin to Warner, FOUR runs short and wide and Warner slaps this through the hands of cover point. Stand and delivery stuff. Doesn't even bother running;
1.2;?;Al-Amin to Warner, no run 135kph, doesn't move his feet much as he dabs this length ball into the covers;
1.1;1;Al-Amin to Finch, 1 run fullish on off stump, walks down the pitch and clips it away through midwicket;
0.6;1;Sohag Gazi to Finch, 1 run nudged off the pads towards square leg to keep strike;
0.5;6;Sohag Gazi to Finch, SIX runs this is biiiiiig! Goes down on one-knee and smacks this way into the crowd behind midwicket. One-handed catch in the crowd as this slog sweep epitomises Finch's power;
0.4;?;Sohag Gazi to Finch, no run stays on the back foot despite a bit of flight on off stump, pushed down to mid-on;
0.3;4;Sohag Gazi to Finch, FOUR runs flatter ball on off stump, he rocks back and pulls to the square leg boundary;
0.2;?;Sohag Gazi to Finch, no run gets a thick outside edge as he was looking to nudge the good length ball towards midwicket;
0.1;?;Sohag Gazi to Finch, no run good length ball, turning just a touch on middle. Defended off the back foot;

Sohag Gazi to start things off, no surprise there. Aaron Finch and David Warner look all set
 Innings Start
Bangladesh
Australia
31st Match, Group 2 (D/N), Dhaka, Apr 1 2014, World T20
153/5
158/3
Player of the match is Aaron Finch, AUS
Australia won by 7 wickets (with 15 balls remaining)
