Data
5.10 pm West Indies' slower bowlers did a reasonable job keeping the scoring in check until Glenn Maxwell came in and biffed everything in his arc. His 45 off 22 sparked Australia onward, and a few good overs in the death have pushed Australia to a formidable score. Maxwell says he's given complete freedom, since that's the way he plays and he backs himself. Adds that their bowlers know what to do, the wicket's slow and doing a bit and hopes to "expose their top batsmen." Join us in ten minutes for the chase
19.6;4;Bravo to Haddin, FOUR runs carves this inside out and the ball thuds into the extra cover advertising boards. This was full and on middle and leg stump, but Haddin had made room again and has timed this exceedingly well;
19.6;1w;Bravo to Haddin, 1 wide he was backing away on the leg side and Bravo, in an attempt to follow him, bowls it even further wide.;
19.5;1;Bravo to Muirhead, 1 run skips down the track and lobs it over the bowler. There's a misfield by the man running in from the covers and it almost reaches the long-off boundary if not for the captain Darren Sammy;
19.4;1;Bravo to Haddin, 1 run low full toss on leg stump, whipped away to long leg and Haddin is off strike;
19.3;W;Bravo to Starc, OUT tonks the length ball straight down the ground, but long-on runs to his right and Russell pouches a lovely catch.;Mitchell Starc c Russell b Bravo 4 (9m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
19.2;?;Bravo to Starc, no run wonderfully bowled. He knew the batsman was just intent on swinging, so he rolls his fingers over the ball. Starc goes for it but he plays down the wrong line;
19.2;1w;Bravo to Starc, 1 wide another one, length ball pushed way outside off stump;
19.2;1w;Bravo to Starc, 1 wide bowls one full and way wide of off stump. Think he was worried about Starc targeting those short on-side boundaries;
19.1;1;Bravo to Haddin, 1 run dropped. Makes room outside leg and slap this to the man at cover. Santokie dives to his left but isn't able to hold on;
18.6;2;Santokie to Starc, 2 runs clears his front leg and slaps the fuller ball down the ground. Pulled back just inside the boundary rope;
18.5;2;Santokie to Starc, 2 runs fullish and just outside off, drilled to long-off;
18.5;2w;Santokie to Haddin, 2 wide fires it way wide of off stump and Ramdin actually did well to get a hand to it;
18.4;6;Santokie to Haddin, SIX runs what a shot! Moved outside off and simply lofted it over the midwicket ropes. Such rich timing.;
18.3;2;Santokie to Haddin, 2 runs length ball on off stump, thumped to deep midwicket;
18.2;W;Santokie to Faulkner, OUT he seemed to had fluffed it, but he threw himself back and completes the catch with a whole lot of flair! This was full with a bit of width attached to it and Faulkner looked for the inside out smash over cover. His slower pace doesn't allow for much timing on it and this goes up high than long. Bravo had raced up from long-off and had almost overran it. The ball pops out of his reverse cup, but he had his eyes on the ball all the way and just propels himself off his feet in a full-length dive to catch it behind him;James Faulkner c Bravo b Santokie 13 (32m 17b 1x4 0x6) SR: 76.47;
18.1;1b;Santokie to Haddin, 1 bye slower short ball and Haddin, by virtue of going for the pull too early, doesn't connect. The keeper doesn't glove it either;
15.6;1;Santokie to Hodge, 1 run good length ball outisde off, tapped in front of point for a single;
15.5;?;Santokie to Hodge, no run 110kph, very full just outside off and this gets a thick outside edge. No chance for Ramdin and Hodge was savvy enough not to move his back foot;
15.4;1;Santokie to Faulkner, 1 run 122 kph, think that might be his fastest ball today. Fullish and just outside off, steered to deep point;
15.3;?;Santokie to Faulkner, no run fullish on middle, kept out;
15.2;1;Santokie to Hodge, 1 run nudged to long-on as Santokie delivers an offcutter which grips a little;
15.1;1;Santokie to Faulkner, 1 run slower ball on middle, clipped towards deep midwicket and the bowler himself hustles after it and his efforts are rewarded as the batsmen settle for a single;
14.6;4;Russell to Hodge, FOUR runs low full toss on leg stump and Hodge has dismissed it to the long leg boundary. Easy put away but it was so efficiently done;
14.5;2;Russell to Hodge, 2 runs pushes the fuller ball down the ground to long-on and they rush through for a couple. Good running;
14.4;1;Russell to Faulkner, 1 run 141kph, goes nice and full just outside off and is thumped to the left of long-off;
14.4;5nb;Russell to Faulkner, (no ball) oh dear, this is a beamer that moves in at the batsman too. Faulkner jerks his head away and it beats the keeper as well to scurry on for five no-balls;
14.3;1;Russell to Hodge, 1 run low full toss on middle, Hodge clips it handsomely to deep midwicket;
14.2;1;Russell to Faulkner, 1 run drilled down the ground and Russell does well getting his left hand to it on his followthrough. Wrings it while he returns to his mark;
14.1;1;Russell to Hodge, 1 run seeks the block hole just outside off, pushed down to long-off;
17.6;1;Narine to Haddin, 1 run plonks his bat in front of pad and nudges towards midwicket;
17.5;W;Narine to Hodge, OUT oh dear! He's gone for a premeditated reverse sweep and has lost his leg stump! Narine, as he often does, claims a crucial wicket in the death. This was too full for the shot but he goes through with it. The ball sneaks between his legs and lights up those LEDs;Brad Hodge b Narine 35 (39m 26b 2x4 1x6) SR: 134.61;
17.4;1;Narine to Faulkner, 1 run appreciable turn into him and Faulkner can only pick it off the pitch, turned away behind square leg;
17.3;1;Narine to Hodge, 1 run gets a little bit of extra bounce as he was backing away to cut. The thick outside edge lobs towards short third man but falls short of Gayle;
17.2;?;Narine to Hodge, no run good length ball, skids on just outside off. Hodge plays against the turn and his pull doesn't connect;
17.1;2;Narine to Hodge, 2 runs short ball outside off, Hodge goes for the pull but he's mistimed it. Smith at long-on mops up;
16.6;1;Bravo to Hodge, 1 run moves across to open up the leg side, but gets more of an inside edge as he tries a swipe. Bravo races after it as it skews away towards midwicket;
16.5;1;Bravo to Faulkner, 1 run;
16.4;1;Bravo to Hodge, 1 run wanted to lap it, but Bravo bowls a slower one outside off. Hodge is good enough to recover from his premeditated stroke and push into the covers;
16.3;1;Bravo to Faulkner, 1 run low full toss angled in at him, Faulkner was looking to whip it away and gets an inside edge onto pad. Squirts away behind point for a single;
16.2;1;Bravo to Hodge, 1 run full and wide outside off, Hodge opens the face and slices this to deep cover. Lovely shot;
16.2;7nb;Bravo to Hodge, (no ball) SIX runs another full toss over waist and Hodge has creamed this over midwicket. Muscled away;
16.1;4;Bravo to Hodge, FOUR runs looks for the wide yorker and Hodge benefits from an inside edge to the fine leg fence. Hodge was moving around in the crease and Bravo was looking to outsmart him;
13.6;1;Narine to Hodge, 1 run nudged in front of midwicket and Sammy isn't able to pick up the ball and pose a threat;
13.5;?;Narine to Hodge, no run kept on a good length on off stump, defended;
13.4;?;Narine to Hodge, no run cramps him up with a flighted ball that turns into him. Hodge tries to steer to third man but has no room to do so;
13.3;1;Narine to Faulkner, 1 run this turns away from the bat and Faulkner strides forward and dabs through to deep cover;
13.2;1;Narine to Hodge, 1 run quick and flat outside off, he's on the back foot and punches to long-on;
13.1;2;Narine to Hodge, 2 runs flights it on middle, worked away to deep midwicket for a couple;
12.6;1;Bravo to Hodge, 1 run slower, length ball on off stump. Dabbed just behind point;
12.5;1;Bravo to Faulkner, 1 run fullish and angled in on off stump, strides forward with an angled face and picks up a single in front of point;
12.4;?;Bravo to Faulkner, no run low full toss outside off, bunted to short cover;
12.3;?;Bravo to Faulkner, no run fullish and outside off, strides forward and drives but gets it off the bottom of the bat;
12.2;4;Bravo to Faulkner, FOUR runs drifting onto the pads and Faulkner has turned it well fine of short fine leg. Clever stroke;
12.1;1;Bravo to Hodge, 1 run slower ball just outside off, steered down to deep third man;
11.6;?;Badree to Faulkner, no run wrong 'un and it hasn't been picked. Faulkner was patiently waiting for it to pitch and turn and then suddenly has to put bat in front of his stumps;
11.5;?;Badree to Faulkner, no run flighted on middle and this gets the leading edge as Faulkner was looking to go on side.;
11.4;1;Badree to Hodge, 1 run flighted on and around middle, pushed down to long-on. Hodge was looking for two but is sent back;
11.3;W;Badree to Maxwell, OUT picks up the length ball and swings it to deep midwicket, where Bravo runs forward and secures an important catch! It's to the longer part of the ground he goes for and was backing himself to clear the boundary. And in current form, I'm not too sure too many people could blame him;Glenn Maxwell c Bravo b Badree 45 (28m 22b 5x4 3x6) SR: 204.54;
11.2;?;Badree to Maxwell, no run reverse sweep, but he's hit it straight to short third man;
11.1;6;Badree to Maxwell, SIX runs he had to reach for this and it seemed like Badree had fooled him. Maxi was making room outside leg and so the bowler tossed it up wide of off stump. But somehow he connects and has hit it well enough to clear extra cover;
10.6;1;Bravo to Maxwell, 1 run low full toss on off stump, whipped to long-on;
10.5;?;Bravo to Maxwell, no run way wide of off stump, but Maxi's tap to point prevents the ump from calling it a wide;
10.4;?;Bravo to Maxwell, no run full on off stump, pushed into the covers;
10.3;?;Bravo to Maxwell, no run fullish delivery, in the slot to be slogged over midwicket and that's what he wants to do. Doesn't connect;
10.2;4;Bravo to Maxwell, FOUR runs slower ball well outside off, but Maxi's decided that side of the ground is of no use. Swipes it wide of long-on and his power is more than enough.;
10.1;1;Bravo to Hodge, 1 run fullish and outside off, Hodge drives just wide of mid-off;
9.6;6;Samuels to Maxwell, SIX runs slog swept way into the stands behind midwicket. Took it from off stump and a full-blooded swing has massacred this;
9.5;4;Samuels to Maxwell, FOUR runs Shortish and just outside off, Maxi makes room outside leg and cuts well in front of point. Santokie is the man partolling the boundary and he's too slow to stop it.;
9.4;1;Samuels to Hodge, 1 run waits on it and dabs fine of short third man. Using the bowler's pace there;
9.3;W;Samuels to Bailey, OUT skips down the track and he's picked out the man at short midwicket! Samuels had seen the batsman advancing and adjusted his length, but it was still not too threatening. But Bailey has shoveled it straight into the hands of his opposite number;George Bailey c Sammy b Samuels 12 (15m 12b 0x4 1x6) SR: 100;
9.2;1;Samuels to Maxwell, 1 run pitches it short and Maxi shuffles across and pulls to deep square leg;
9.1;1;Samuels to Bailey, 1 run sharp turn from outside off as Bailey backs away and flat bats to long-off;
8.6;?;Sammy to Maxwell, no run fullish and angled in at him, Maxi was targeting midwicket again and gets an inside edge onto his back pad;
8.5;1;Sammy to Bailey, 1 run short and wide outside off is slapped to the sweeper;
8.4;1;Sammy to Maxwell, 1 run swats the fuller ball outside off to deep midwicket. Slower ball from Sammy again;
8.3;4;Sammy to Maxwell, FOUR runs another cart to the boundary. This is fuller and just outside off, but Maxi doesn't care. Plonks his front foot forward and swipes him to the square leg boundary;
8.2;6;Sammy to Maxwell, SIX runs length ball with considerable room outside off and Maxi's slammed this over long-on. The short boundaries on the leg side are working their magic;
8.1;4;Sammy to Maxwell, FOUR runs his efforts to outsmart the batsmen backfires spectacularly. Slower ball pitched too far up and outside off, Maxi leans into a solid crunch through the covers;
7.6;2;Narine to Bailey, 2 runs flighted on middle and off, nudged towards deep square leg;
7.5;?;Narine to Bailey, no run waits on the back foot and tapes the flatter ball on off to point;
7.4;1;Narine to Maxwell, 1 run flighted on middle, worked away through square leg;
7.3;4;Narine to Maxwell, FOUR runs slip dives to his left and fails to net this. Narine slowed it down and gets a little bit more bounce and turn than Maxi expected. Pushes at it after setting himself up outside leg stump and gets a genuine edge.;
7.2;1;Narine to Bailey, 1 run tucked away just in front of square leg and Bailey's looking for a suicidal second! But Maxwell is wary of the danger and sent him back. A desperate dive saves the Aussie captain;
7.1;1;Narine to Maxwell, 1 run worked away to deep midwicket as he reads the one turning in off the pitch;
6.6;6;Badree to Bailey, SIX runs there's Australia's counterpunch! Bailey gets down on one knee and wallops this clear over the midwicket boundary;
6.5;?;Badree to Bailey, no run rocks back and cuts this flatter ball to point;
6.4;?;Badree to Bailey, no run keeps it nice and ful and cramps him up. Defended into the leg side;
6.3;1;Badree to Maxwell, 1 run big inside edge onto the back pad stifles the appeal midway. Slog sweep to no avail;
6.2;1;Badree to Bailey, 1 run goes forward and uses the width on it to drive in front of point;
6.1;1;Badree to Maxwell, 1 run this one drifts in on middle and is clipped away through midwicket;
5.6;?;Narine to Bailey, no run tossed up outside off, driven with an angled bat to point to complete a wicket-maiden;
5.5;?;Narine to Bailey, no run flighted on middle, he strides forward to block;
5.4;W;Narine to Watson, OUT he's missed the stumps on the first attempt, but he's broken it on the second and Watson's back foot had not moved back into safety! That's a major brain fade! Narine tosses the one that spins the other way and Watson gropes for it. His back foot was bang on the line and he seemed completely unaware of it. To the point of giving Ramdin a second bite at the cherry;Shane Watson st ?Ramdin b Narine 2 (12m 8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
5.3;?;Narine to Watson, no run grips into the pitch and this rips in at him. Watson has no clue what this is and plods forward to block down the wrong line;
5.2;?;Narine to Watson, no run flighted on off, pushed back down the pitch;
5.1;?;Narine to Watson, no run flights the carrom ball and gets a leading edge while he seeks midwicket. The ball lobs up but goes too far to the left of the bowler;
4.6;?;Badree to Maxwell, no run big lbw appeal against Maxi the new batsman! That was very close as Badree tosses it up on middle and the batsman was looking to hit across the line through midwicket. Gets hit low on the front pad, but the umpire thinks this was going down leg;
4.5;W;Badree to Warner, OUT this is the skidder and Warner's bat speed is just not quick enough! Might have stayed a touch low too as Badree targets middle. The batsman was making room to cut, but fails. Has a satisfied little smile as he jogs over to his fielders to celebrate;David Warner b Badree 20 (21m 14b 4x4 0x6) SR: 142.85;
4.5;1w;Badree to Warner, 1 wide this one slides down the leg side and Warner cannot connect with the pull;
4.4;4;Badree to Warner, FOUR runs this time he rocks back and pounds the shortish ball in front of point. He's not getting too much off the pitch and Warner has taken note of it. Excellent footwork;
4.3;?;Badree to Warner, no run lovely! Warner was looking to carve this behind point, but the wrong 'un skids on and beats him;
4.2;1;Badree to Watson, 1 run drives just to the left of mid-off and sneaks a single. West Indies need to be a lot more urgent in the field, even if they're worried about the big hits and hugging to the circle;
4.1;?;Badree to Watson, no run fullish on middle, keeps Watson to a defensive push.;
3.6;1;Samuels to Watson, 1 run clipped to midwicket and Gayle is incredibly stiff in moving to his left. Easy single;
3.5;?;Samuels to Watson, no run full and just outside off, lunges forward to defend;
3.5;1w;Samuels to Watson, 1 wide fires it full and down the leg side;
3.4;W;Samuels to Finch, OUT slog sweep across the line fetches the first wicket. Samuels persists with flighting it and invites Finch to go for the heave over the leg side. Misses completely and has his off stump pegged back;Aaron Finch b Samuels 16 (14m 11b 2x4 1x6) SR: 145.45;
3.3;1;Samuels to Warner, 1 run slows it up and keeps it on the stumps, pushes down the ground;
3.2;4;Samuels to Warner, FOUR runs keeps leg side of the ball, which is flighted not too far outside off. Warner hoists him over the covers. Marvellous striking this;
3.1;?;Samuels to Warner, no run gets just a hint of turn on middle and off, Warner pushes square on the off side;
2.6;?;Santokie to Finch, no run slow on middle, Finch waits for it and plays with soft hands and an angled bat. The single though does not present itself;
2.5;1;Santokie to Warner, 1 run nudged into the covers off the back foot;
2.4;?;Santokie to Warner, no run fullish and outside off, Warner is on the back foot but the ball skids through his defences;
2.3;4;Santokie to Warner, FOUR runs offers up a full toss on off stump and Warner thumps it through extra cover. This pitch is a beauty;
2.2;?;Santokie to Warner, no run slower ball on and around the stumps, pushes to mid-on;
2.1;4;Santokie to Warner, FOUR runs point dives to his left but it's placed just wide of him. Full delivery invites him forward and the width allows him to slash through the gap;
1.6;4;Badree to Finch, FOUR runs and again, this time in front of point. Australia take the first round against spin! Badree hasn't cooked up a counter to Finch moving leg side and offers a quicker ball on middle. Finch slaps it away off the back foot;
1.5;4;Badree to Finch, FOUR runs flatter ball on middle and leg, Finch makes room and cuts him behind point. Gorgeous stroke;
1.4;6;Badree to Finch, SIX runs this sails over long-off! They've definitely made a gameplan for Badree and it seems it's already beginning to bear fruit. Tossed up on middle and leg, but Finch was waiting outside leg and swung cleanly;
1.3;?;Badree to Finch, no run stays leg side and cuts the flatter ball off middle and leg. Can't beat point;
1.2;?;Badree to Finch, no run sets himself up outside leg stump to drill the tossed up delivery on off stump, but finds mid-off;
1.1;1;Badree to Warner, 1 run flighted on off stump, pushed down to long-on;
0.6;?;Santokie to Finch, no run oh, he seems to specialise in this kind of bowling. Good length ball grips the pitch and rips across Finch's outside edge as he defends. Ramdin's sharp behind the stumps, but Finch's backfoot is firmly grounded;
0.5;1b;Santokie to Warner, 1 bye 112 kph, that's his fastest ball of the over. Full and just outside off, Warner was targeting a thump through the covers but doesn't connect. Deflection off the keeper for byes;
0.4;1;Santokie to Finch, 1 run full toss on off stump, Finch punches down the ground and they scurry forth for a single;
0.3;1;Santokie to Warner, 1 run another slower ball, Warner's spotted it though and nudges it to square leg to get off the mark;
0.2;1;Santokie to Finch, 1 run slower ball, Finch is well fooled as his bottom hand flies off the handle. This was full and teasing outside off. He's far too early on the drive and the ball skews over midwicket;
0.1;?;Santokie to Finch, no run clips to midwicket as this is full and swings in a touch on middle.;

3.30 pm David Warner looks the picture of confidence as he strides out to the pitch. Aaron Finch is his partner. Krishmar Santokie has the ball
John Smith: "I'm confused, why isn't there a fixed length of a boundary for all grounds?" Because of the various pitches on a ground. If we move over, one side of the boundary gets shorter
3.20 pm Before they throw the gloves to the floor and go out swinging, it's time for the national anthems. Gayle has his customary red shades on, of course. Generous applause follows each anthem and we're all ready to go
Ishan: "@Aabhas.... didn't you mean, Number of runs = 6+((Length of the hit / 20)^2)/20) eg: a hundred metre six... 6+((100/20)^2)/20) = 6+1.25 = 7.25 runs"
MAB: "As a captain Sammy should lead from front, he is leading the wicket takers for WI in T20I, and has the best bowling figures for WI in T20 against Zimbabwe in 2010, to be honest he is doing pretty handy for WI with his batting, but today he should make sure to contribute and help his front-line bowlers in bowling too."
Aabhas: "Someone should come up with a Duckworth-Lewis esque formula linking the distance the ball goes and the number of runs awarded for T20s. Here's my take: Number of runs = ((Length of the hit / 20)^2)/20" Isn't one mathematical menace in cricket enough?
"One boundary is just 59 meters from the pitch..in last match Gayle smashed one 95 meter six which means it was app. 1.7 times long than this boundary," remarks Sushil "Come on he should be given 10 runs for that if he hits them so long then...!! that will probably improve his strike rate in this tournament." Looks like it's not just the team's who're indulging in some banter
3.00 pm Australia have won the toss and elect to bat "Good wicket, nice to get some runs on the board and hopefully it'll be enough," says George Bailey. James Faulkner and James Muirhead in the XI. West Indies are unchanged
Darren Sammy wanted to bat as well. He's dug into Australia straight up saying there's been a lot of talk, but it's time for action now and that's what West Indies are concentrating on. He says they have some "skillful" bowlers and would look to restrict them to under 150
Steve: "Muirhead bowled well but it was against a broken England team that had long gone before that T20 series began. I think the hype around him is way too much after only a couple games."
Karthi The Rock: "Given the way Maxi and Finchy murdered Pak bowling like that, I dont see Aussies will struggle so much... If others in the team like Warner, Watson and Bailley step up, and with the likes of Faulkner and Haddin at the later stage, it is going to be Aussies all the way! "
2.55 pm The toss is just around the corner, so I should probably toss you Brydon Coverdale's preview
Adrian Meredith: "While I agree that Australia have the most powerful batting line up in the world, I don't think that West Indies has similar firepower - especially not without Keiron Pollard. Yes, Chris Gayle, but that's pretty much it. Mind you, often just Chris Gayle is enough. West Indies do have 2 very good spinners - but Australia sure don't - well, they do, but they didn't pick them. Poor Steve O'Keefe and Nathan Lyon are sitting at home. Will be interesting to see Australia's squad, especially their bowling line up. All pace or do they risk a poor quality spinner?" James Muirhead has a lot of people backing him, though. Including the legendary Shane Warne. You'd think he's a decent pick
2.50 pm The pitch report sets everything up for the batsmen. It's hard, quite dry and has no grass. One of the square boundaries is only 59m. The ball is expected to come onto the bat and carry through nicely. Best thing to do is bat first and pile on the runs. David Warner must have heard that and is practicing batting right-handed. Any takers for seeing that switch hit today?
Bharat Singhvi: "Going by performance of leggies in this tournament, I think Australia will benefit by playing both - the experienced Hogg and the novice Muirhead. Faulkner inclusion will bring balance to the side and it should be possible for Australia to play both leggies especially since all but one WI players are right handed. Lets see what the selectors think about it."
Unsagely Kunal: "Having better spinners doesn't help if batsmen fall asleep. Gayle needs to wake up from his lumber. I think against the Aussies you don't need motivation for that. Bowl first for Windies and chasing down total will be better for Windies"
2.40 pm If you need added incentive, Australia have embellished their reputation for gamesmanship with James Faulkner conveying he doesn't particularly like West Indies. If that doesn't cause a few firecrackers to go off out there ...
"Whoever plays the spin well, will surely win the match...." says the sagely Nomi. Although Australia's bowling is a little thin in that department, West Indies have the No.1 and No.2 bowlers in the format, who are also being guided by Saqlain Mushtaq
2.30 pm The two most destructive batting line-ups take aim at each other and you wouldn't be too much in the wrong if you're expecting a high-scoring shoot out. But there is an asterisk tagged to that, in both Australia and West Indies' relative discomfort against good spin bowling. Sneak in the fact that a loss for either team could put them on the brink and we could be looking at one unmissable game
 Innings Start
7.05 pm As expected, it was a power-packed performance and West Indies had outgunned the pre-tournament favourites by so much that Australia's chances of qualifying to the semi-finals have taken a huge hit. There's another game coming up to keep the cricket high going, so do tune in to India v Bangladesh. Thank you for your company and comments, this is Alagappan Muthu saying Goodnight and Good Luck...
"We have not won the tournament, its just a game against Australia but we were pumped up for this," says Darren Sammy, the Man of the Match "They played well and a couple of our boelers bowled well. We backed ourselves to score 180-odd. Chris and Smith set us up and we are really pumped up for the win. It was really nice to see Faulkner bowling the last over. A lot of things were said before this match and you never wake up a sleeping lion [Chris Gayle]"
"I'd take 178, but we didn't bat particularly well" says George Bailey. "We lost too many wickets in the middle. You gotta take the good with the bat, we have some guys in great form and the West Indies bowled really well. You hope one goes to hand and the challenge for both teams was that short boundary. It was going to be difficult for the guy bowling from the end where that winds up on the on side. [Sammy] He stuck to his plans and hit it nice and hard"
7.00 pm It's raining bats in Mirpur! Sammy and Bravo throw theirs high into the sky and race off! It's been a great chase, but I bet most of this emotion is fueled by the pre-match comments made by Australia. Gayle is still leading a section of the crown in a dance. Australia were in it all the way though and they found the blockhole more often than not. But whenever they strayed Sammy found the middle and has sealed a famous win. Australia have lost two from two now and their chances to make the semi-final are dwindling...
Prasad: "Ishant Sharma :- @Faulknar :- I know that feeling bro... Welcome to the club... Pun Intended :P :P :P"
Jared: "Much as I like George Bailey, his bowling decisions in T20s are often disastrous (such as, say, Xavier Doherty in the last over a few years back) Starc tonight was one of those. He lost his rhythm in the last ball of the previous over and his stock delivery is right in Sammy's hitting zone. It should have been an absolute no-brainer to get him out of the attack."
19.4;6;Faulkner to Sammy, SIX runs it's all over! Straight six to seal the game and West Indies invade the field! Goes full and straight but Sammy bludgeons it down the ground! Gayle is going beserk! I've never seen him lose his cool like this. He was toppled over by his team-mates on the way to rushing out, but once he's back up he breaks out the gangnam.;
19.3;6;Faulkner to Sammy, SIX runs full toss and it has room for Sammy to pummel it just over long-off. Cleared his front leg and secures a vital hit for West Indies. Chris Gayle pulls out a mini-chainsaw!;
19.2;?;Faulkner to Sammy, no run another dot ball! This was a yorker on middle and Sammy can only dig it out back to the bowler. Bailey applauds and so do the Australian contingent;
19.1;?;Faulkner to Sammy, no run full on leg stump and Sammy was surprised by it. Doesn't offer a shot as he pads it away towards fine leg. Talk about bamboozling the batsman!;
18.6;1;Starc to Sammy, 1 run low full toss outisde off, thumped to long-on and Sammy keeps the strike. 19 off this over. 12 needed off the final one;
18.5;4;Starc to Sammy, FOUR runs full and wide outside off and Sammy's lashed this behind point. Sammy's shaking things up!;
18.4;2;Starc to Sammy, 2 runs outside edge races off towards the third man boundary until James Muirhead pulls of a diving effort. You need those in the death overs;
18.3;4;Starc to Sammy, FOUR runs what a shot! I honestly can't describe that to the clarity it deserves. It was fullish on off stump and Sammy bends his knees and sort of whipped it away past deep square leg. Walks across to punch gloves to his partner with a great big smile on his face.;
18.2;2;Starc to Sammy, 2 runs low full toss wide of off stump, Sammy's made a bit of room and he's slashed it to the man at deep point. Flat and hard throw makes Sammy struggle to make is ground but his dive is just about enough. Maxi was the fielder down there;
18.1;6;Starc to Sammy, SIX runs he's launched that over long-on! Overpitched delivery outside off stump, and Sammy was waiting deep in his crease and he's walloped it. That big bat swing is so West Indian;
17.6;4;Bollinger to Bravo, FOUR runs 142kph, he's double bluffed him! Sought to move outside leg but then moved back in front of his stumps to flick a low full toss on his pads to the fine leg boundary.;
17.5;1;Bollinger to Sammy, 1 run full and straight, Sammy whips it away to deep square leg;
17.4;1;Bollinger to Bravo, 1 run finds the blockhole again and his line is excellent. Bravo was making room and he refused to give him that luxury;
17.3;4;Bollinger to Bravo, FOUR runs that's a Bravo special! This time the length is there for him to get under and he smears this over extra cover. Faulker at the deep runs to his right and pulls out a desperate right hand to pull it back, but he just has too much to do;
17.2;?;Bollinger to Bravo, no run Bravo was making loads of room outside leg and he follows him. Sends down another brilliant yorker that sneaks through his bat and pad;
17.1;1;Bollinger to Sammy, 1 run 145kph, terrific yorker on middle stump and Sammy jams his bat down on it. Strikes it well enough to find long-off;
16.6;6;Starc to Bravo, SIX runs oh dear, he's offered up length and Bravo's tucked into it. Went back and pulled it into the stands behind deep square leg;
16.5;?;Starc to Bravo, no run pulls all his pace off the ball as this is full on off stump. Drilled to extra cover where Hodge stops it;
16.4;1;Starc to Sammy, 1 run fullish and just outside off, Sammy the new batsman, pushes to long-off;
16.3;W;Starc to Samuels, OUT another slower ball and Haddin flings to his right and pulls off a stunner! Samuels seemed to have nothing in his kitty except making room on leg stump and swinging wildly. This time the lack in pace deceives him as he gets a thick edge through to the keeper, who did spectacularly well to dive and hold on;Marlon Samuels c ?Haddin b Starc 12 (21m 15b 1x4 0x6) SR: 80;
16.2;2;Starc to Samuels, 2 runs slower ball pushed through full on off stump, clears his front leg and smokes it wide of long-off but Warner's up for the challenge.;
16.1;2;Starc to Samuels, 2 runs clears his front leg and goes for an almighty slog. Results in a top edge that clears a back-pedalling Haddin;
15.6;1;Faulkner to Samuels, 1 run pulled to deep midwicket for only the fourth run of the over. Another short ball with a hint of room outside off.;
15.5;1;Faulkner to Bravo, 1 run shortish on leg stump, clipped to deep midwicket. Played with soft hands, but it's not enough for the two he wants;
15.4;1;Faulkner to Samuels, 1 run good length ball on and around off stump, dabbed behind point;
15.3;?;Faulkner to Samuels, no run 132kph, excellent short ball again. Samuels goes for the pull and misses completely. Too high for him;
15.2;?;Faulkner to Samuels, no run refuses to offer it up in the batsman's half of the pitch. Another short ball on and around off stump. Samuels looks for the pull and mistimes it so badly it goes back to the bowler;
15.1;1;Faulkner to Bravo, 1 run shortish and directed at the body, Bravo works it behind square leg;
14.6;1;Muirhead to Bravo, 1 run shortish and it rips a bit outside off, the batsman slaps it to the man on the cover boundary;
14.5;6;Muirhead to Bravo, SIX runs this has been dismissed over square leg! Muirhead offers up a waist-high full toss and it's been thumped away. 67m six over the short boundary;
14.4;1;Muirhead to Samuels, 1 run flighted on middle and leg, whipped away to long-on again;
14.3;4;Muirhead to Samuels, FOUR runs low full toss with ample room outside off. Samuels has clubbed it seeking the long-on boundary and gets it as Mitchell Starc's parry back doesn't quite succeed;
14.2;1;Muirhead to Bravo, 1 run persist with tossing the ball up and he whips it away to deep square leg;
14.1;2;Muirhead to Bravo, 2 runs flighted on middle, and drifts in too. Bravo uses it to flick wide of long-on;
13.6;?;Bollinger to Samuels, no run back of a length on and around off stump, as Bravo dabs towards point;
13.5;W;Bollinger to Simmons, OUT Maxi, you beauty! Snaffles an important grab right on the deep square leg boundary! Goes for the pull as he sees the ball short and with enough room to free his arms. Struck it rather well, but the fielder had positioned himself perfectly, leapt up to intercept the ball from going for six;Lendl Simmons c Maxwell b Bollinger 26 (39m 24b 3x4 0x6) SR: 108.33;
13.4;1lb;Bollinger to Samuels, 1 leg bye 142kph, tucks him up on leg stump and Samuels suggests he got a little inside edge onto pad. But the ump disagrees, single towards point;
13.3;1;Bollinger to Simmons, 1 run good length ball on off stump, Simmons looks to smash it over long-on but mistimes the stroke.;
13.2;2;Bollinger to Simmons, 2 runs clears his front leg and his lash has cleared Bailey at mid-off. Chases after it and flicks it back for Warner who was haring in from long-on to mop up;
13.1;?;Bollinger to Simmons, no run fullish and angled across him, Simmons punches it down to mid-off;
12.6;1;Muirhead to Simmons, 1 run comes down the track and whips to deep midwicket;
12.5;1;Muirhead to Samuels, 1 run this was a rank long-hop and Samuels' trouble while starting his innings is clear as he pulls to long-on. This came right off the bottom of hte bat;
12.4;?;Muirhead to Samuels, no run that's the skidder and Samuels was almost fooled. Went back and punched to short cover;
12.3;?;Muirhead to Samuels, no run flighted on off stump and he waits for it a little better than the last one and drills it to short cover;
12.2;?;Muirhead to Samuels, no run ripping leg spinner and Samuels is beaten all ends up. Now we know why Warnie's backing him;
12.1;W;Muirhead to Gayle, OUT so much for not bowling the legspinner against Gayle! This was the googly, he comes down the track, perhaps a little too much, and drills this straight into the hands of Maxwell at deep midwicket. Collects the catch coolly and then erupts in celebration, just as Bravo did when he caught Maxi in the same position in the first innings;Chris Gayle c Maxwell b Muirhead 53 (52m 35b 6x4 2x6) SR: 151.42;
11.6;1;Maxwell to Gayle, 1 run stays back and punches this to long-off. Warner makes Gayle hurry into the crease with a stinging throw back to the bowler;
11.5;1;Maxwell to Simmons, 1 run comes down the track and works it off to deep midwicket to bring up the fifty partnership;
11.4;?;Maxwell to Simmons, no run this was the leggie from Maxwell and Simmons goes for the cut and misses. Haddin waits for the batsman to lose balance, but by the time he clips the bails Simmons has plonked his back foot back down inside his crease;
11.3;?;Maxwell to Simmons, no run comes forward to the flighted ball outside off and blocks well;
11.2;2lb;Maxwell to Simmons, 2 leg byes this time goes for the lap sweep as the bowler appeals for a leg before. The should have pitched outside leg stump. Couple taken as the ball dribbles away past the keeper and short fine leg;
11.1;4;Maxwell to Simmons, FOUR runs bisects long leg and deep square leg with a sweep from leg stump. Great timing and placement from the West Indies No.3;
10.6;1;Muirhead to Simmons, 1 run flighted and drifting in on leg, Simmons is forward and clips to deep midwicket;
10.5;2b;Muirhead to Simmons, 2 byes loopy full toss outside off and it beats both batsman and keeper. Should really have smashed that through extra cover, which was what he was trying to do.;
10.4;1;Muirhead to Gayle, 1 run flatter ball pushes him back in his crease and Gayle bunts this down to long-on;
10.3;?;Muirhead to Gayle, no run launches into a cover drive as this was enticingly tossed up outside off. Picks out cover;
10.2;2;Muirhead to Gayle, 2 runs there's his fifty as he hits this tossed up delivery on middle to deep square leg. Sedately run couple;
10.1;?;Muirhead to Gayle, no run flighted just outside off and Gayle comes forward to defend;
9.6;2;Maxwell to Simmons, 2 runs laps it from middle and off for a couple past short fine leg. Premeditated stroke and the bowler offers the perfect length to pull that shot off;
9.5;4;Maxwell to Simmons, FOUR runs big backlift swings down clean on the ball as he finds the gap wide of long-on. Little shimmy down the track to reach the pitch and he's smoked it with the turn;
9.4;1;Maxwell to Gayle, 1 run shorter ball with ample room, Gayle rocks back and the cut finds the man in the deep;
9.3;2;Maxwell to Gayle, 2 runs good-looking drive through the covers fetches a couple. Excellent placement, right between long-off and deep cover;
9.2;?;Maxwell to Gayle, no run thick outside lobs in the region of short third man, but falls short. Maxi's flight is working for him;
9.1;?;Maxwell to Gayle, no run tossed up just outside off, Gayle was setting himself up for a launch over midwicket, but then corrects himself. The line was too far outside off for that;
8.6;1;Faulkner to Gayle, 1 run fullish and angled in at him, Gayle nudges to long-on and jogs for the single;
8.5;?;Faulkner to Gayle, no run shortish and just outside off, Gayle blocks;
8.4;1;Faulkner to Simmons, 1 run goes down the track and he has slammed this. But Warner is at mid-off, throws himself to his left and stops a certain boundary;
8.3;?;Faulkner to Simmons, no run fullish and around the off stump, Simmons tries his luck through midwicket. No dice;
8.2;?;Faulkner to Simmons, no run opens the face, but he can't find the gap through the covers. Nice tight line just outside off;
8.1;?;Faulkner to Simmons, no run good length ball on off stump, Simmons presents a straight bat;
7.6;?;Bollinger to Gayle, no run digs it into the middle of the pitch and forces Gayle to take evasive action. Excellent ball, and he made it follow Gayle as well;
7.5;1;Bollinger to Simmons, 1 run shortish on middle, he rocks back and pulls to deep square leg;
7.4;4;Bollinger to Simmons, FOUR runs strays down the leg side and Simmons happily clips it to the long leg boundary. Slower ball gone wrong again, I think;
7.3;?;Bollinger to Simmons, no run full and just outside off, driven to mid-on;
7.2;1;Bollinger to Gayle, 1 run back of a length and just outside off, Gayle was looking to belt it through midwicket but adjusts and hacks it down to long-off;
7.1;?;Bollinger to Gayle, no run fullish and just outside off, pushed into the covers off the back foot;
6.6;1;Faulkner to Gayle, 1 run short of a good length as he sticks to a middle and leg line, Gayle works it to deep square leg;
6.6;1w;Faulkner to Gayle, 1 wide another slower ball gone awry, goes down the leg side again;
6.5;1;Faulkner to Simmons, 1 run pushed down to mid-off and he urges Gayle through for the single. The throw comes in at Simmons' end and he was well safe;
6.4;2;Faulkner to Simmons, 2 runs oh, gorgeous stroke! This was a good length ball angled across him and Simmons strides forward and punches through extra cover;
6.3;1;Faulkner to Gayle, 1 run this time he digs the slower ball in short and Gayle works it off his waist towards square leg;
6.3;1w;Faulkner to Gayle, 1 wide back of the hand slower ball, but the direction is off. Slides down leg;
6.2;1;Faulkner to Simmons, 1 run slices this through a diving point. Full and just enough room for his angled bat to fetch a single;
6.1;1;Faulkner to Gayle, 1 run strays on the pads and Gayle flicks to deep square leg;
5.6;1;Watson to Gayle, 1 run shortish ball on leg stump, dabbed away behind square leg;
5.5;?;Watson to Gayle, no run another little foray down the track, but the carve over extra doesn't materialise. Watson does extremely well to push the ball wide of off stump, but yet keep it inside the wide line;
5.4;?;Watson to Gayle, no run pushed full and well wide of off stump, Gayle was moving leg side again and doesn't bother trying to reach it;
5.3;6;Watson to Gayle, SIX runs smack! This time over long-on, and only just over too. Flat six. Makes room on the leg side and swings clean;
5.2;2;Watson to Gayle, 2 runs skips down the track, but he's mistimed the loft over extra. Pulls up inside the boundary for a couple;
5.1;2;Watson to Gayle, 2 runs fullish on middle and leg, Gayle squeezes this behind square leg for a couple;
4.6;W;Starc to Smith, OUT there's the first one! Haddin holds onto a regulation take and Smith has to walk back! Wouldn't have looked out of place in a Test, with Starc probing outside his off stump. Goes for an on the up drive but only succeeds in nicking off. Is that the opening Australia needed?;Dwayne Smith c ?Haddin b Starc 17 (21m 19b 4x4 0x6) SR: 89.47;
4.5;?;Starc to Smith, no run just back of a good length on off stump keeps Smith quiet;
4.4;?;Starc to Smith, no run slower ball outisde off, Smith was on one knee looking to slash through the covers and can't reach;
4.3;?;Starc to Smith, no run fullish and wide outside off, Smith who was already clearing his front leg, can't do much more than bunt it into the covers;
4.2;4;Starc to Smith, FOUR runs struck too hard for Bailey to hold on at mid-on! This was full on middle and Smith has thumped this to the right of the Aussie captain and the ball races past him before he can cup his hands around it;
4.1;?;Starc to Smith, no run shortish and pushed across Smith, goes for a cut but to no avail;
3.6;4;Maxwell to Gayle, FOUR runs sweeps to the square leg boundary. Sheer power from Gayle as he picks it off a length and pounds it away;
3.5;?;Maxwell to Gayle, no run that's a chance and it's Haddin who's the culprit again. Maxi bowls it full and fast just outside off. Gayle's late in blocking it and loses his balance. Had the keeper collected it cleanly, Gayle would have been out stumped;
3.4;4;Maxwell to Gayle, FOUR runs picks it up from just outside off and slams this to the deep midwicket boundary. Faulkner is the man in the deep and despite his dive, he can't stop it;
3.3;1;Maxwell to Smith, 1 run flighted on middle and he's smashed to long-on. Reaches on the bounce and with considerable heat;
3.2;4;Maxwell to Smith, FOUR runs muscled it to the long-off boundary. The fielder inside the circle tries his best, employing a full length dive to his right but it was struck so sweetly;
3.1;?;Maxwell to Smith, no run tossed up on off stump, dug out to mid-off;
2.6;6;Bollinger to Gayle, SIX runs backs away to leg and he's clipped it over square leg! Flat, hard and hello short boundary! Bollinger did well to try and follow him but it almost seemed like that was what Gayle wanted. Kept his front leg out of the way and swung it to the left of the deep fielder;
2.5;?;Bollinger to Gayle, no run keeps it nice and tight on off stump and Gayle prefers to defend;
2.4;1lb;Bollinger to Smith, 1 leg bye another short ball, this one getting considerable bounce. Whacks him on the helmet as he goes for another pull and skies towards third man;
2.3;4;Bollinger to Smith, FOUR runs inside edge as he goes for another pull. Gets the inside edge and Haddin's dive to his right isn't good enough;
2.2;4;Bollinger to Smith, FOUR runs pulled away! This was shortish on off stump and he was set up on the back foot. Rolled his wrists and kept it down.;
2.1;?;Bollinger to Smith, no run 136 kph, good length ball angled across him, Smith slaps to cover;
1.6;4;Starc to Gayle, FOUR runs skips down the track and though the length is pulled back, he flat-bats it to the long-off boundary. One of our feedbackers was asking for Gayle to wake up, guess he has;
1.5;4;Starc to Gayle, FOUR runs one-bounce to midwicket this time! Starc refuses him room but Gayle has picked this from off stump and deposited it to that short boundary;
1.4;4;Starc to Gayle, FOUR runs thumped straight down the ground! It length and once he got under it, the ball disappears. One-bounce to long-off;
1.3;4;Starc to Gayle, FOUR runs caressed through the covers, you heard that right. Quite full and just outside off, Gayle inched forward and times this almost perfectly;
1.2;?;Starc to Gayle, no run fullish on off stump and this time Gayle gets a straight bat down on the ball. More away swing for Starc;
1.1;?;Starc to Gayle, no run what a ripper! Angles it in on a full length and it shapes away after pitching. Squares Gayle up completely and I cannot believe that missed the edge, or off stump for that matter;
0.6;?;Watson to Smith, no run another one that looks to cramp him on middle and leg stump. Smith's intended flick goes off the pad towards square leg;
0.5;2lb;Watson to Smith, 2 leg byes dribbles off the pad towards fine leg as Watson goes for the inswinger.;
0.4;?;Watson to Smith, no run fullish on middle and off, defended sedately;
0.3;?;Watson to Smith, no run Smith's tangle against outswing continues. Though the length is pulled back, the hint of movement deceives him again;
0.2;?;Watson to Smith, no run 137kph, beaten this time! Appreciable movement away from Smith's lashing bat as he looks to smoke the full length ball through the covers;
0.1;?;Watson to Smith, no run hint of away swing for Watson as the batsman drives on the up to cover.;

Smith to take strike against Shane Watson. Minor delay as the ump tends to Chris Gayle's spikes ...
James: "Lot of left arm pace (Starc, Douggie and Faulkner) in the Aussie attack. Not sure pace is the way to go on this wicket: I'd guess Maxi will get a bowl."
Savad N Kani: "It's a gettable total, indeed. But WI are gonna miss Pollard very badly as one can't trust Gayle while chasing, especially because he is having a rough patch. Now everything rests on Bravo's shoulders, it seems. Of course, one would hope Sammy to display a brave performance. With valid contributions from Samuels and Smith WI should pull it off, any how." They'd need to better their previous best chasing in a T20 to pull it off.
 Innings Start
Australia
West Indies
23rd Match, Group 2 (D/N), Dhaka, Mar 28 2014, World T20
178/8
179/4
Player of the match is Daren Sammy, WI
West Indies won by 6 wickets (with 2 balls remaining)
