Data
1310 Little Mushfiqur Rahim has given Bangladesh a terrific finish to their innings. A target of 230 won't scare Australia but it's far more than what Bangladesh looked close to getting when Kayes was stuck in the thickest mire ever found on a cricket pitch.
"Mushfiqur Rahim take a bow, its been splendid watching him play in this team, after Bangladesh seemed destined to not even reach 150, truly remarkable," says James.
"This is the danger of having a star-studded bowling line-up, teams throw the kitchen sink at anything down the stretch. Kudos to Bangla though, given a nice target," says Jonesy.
I'll be back at 1345 for the chase. Australia face a trial by spin on a pitch that is slow and turning.
49.6;1;Johnson to Shafiul, 1 run Shafiul backs away and plays the ball to cover for one;
49.5;1;Johnson to Mushfiqur, 1 run mis-hit towards midwicket for a single;
49.4;4;Johnson to Mushfiqur, FOUR runs length again from Johnson and Mushfiqur has smashed it over midwicket. He picked it up early and hit it very high over midwicket. That looked to have just cleared the boundary but it's been given four. Will have to check replays.;
49.3;?;Johnson to Mushfiqur, no run a slower ball from Johnson and Mushfiqur gets beaten by the change of pace, he tried to heave that over midwicket;
49.2;4;Johnson to Mushfiqur, FOUR runs he's on fire is little Mushfiqur! Length ball outside off stump, the batsman lines it up and slaps it in the air and just out of reach of the leaping fielder at cover;
49.1;1;Johnson to Shafiul, 1 run Shafiul clears his front foot and biffs a length ball towards wide mid-off to give Mushfiqur the strike;
48.6;4;Lee to Mushfiqur, FOUR runs expensive end from Lee, full of leg stump, Mushfiqur glances the ball off his pads between the keeper and the fielder at short fine leg;
48.5;6;Lee to Mushfiqur, SIX runs it's been a long time coming! Length ball from Lee, Mushfiqur clears his front foot out of the way and slams it over deep midwicket, Mirpur roars as the ball sails into the stands;
48.4;4;Lee to Mushfiqur, FOUR runs well done Mushfiqur! He backed away towards leg to create room, Lee followed him with a short ball, Mushfiqur adjusted his shot and chipped it over the keeper for four;
48.3;?;Lee to Mushfiqur, no run short ball and Mushfiqur was in no position to play it, he had to duck and avoid it in the end;
48.2;1;Lee to Shafiul, 1 run another low full toss outside off, Shafiul plays the ball towards cover point for another single;
48.1;1;Lee to Mushfiqur, 1 run a low full toss, attempted yorker, Mushfiqur makes room and drives towards cover;
48.1;1nb;Lee to Mushfiqur, (no ball) that's a high full toss, a no-ball for height, and Mushfiqur was taken by surprise and mis-timed the shot on the leg side;
23.6;1;Doherty to Nafees, 1 run Doherty spins the ball into the pads and Nafees work the ball towards fine leg;
23.5;1;Doherty to Mushfiqur, 1 run a bit of width outside off and Mushfiqur drives through cover point;
23.4;?;Doherty to Mushfiqur, no run defended with a straight bat towards the bowler;
23.3;?;Doherty to Mushfiqur, no run tossed up outside off, pushed on the off side off the front foot;
23.2;1;Doherty to Nafees, 1 run a bit too close to off stump to cut but Nafees manages to get it away to deep point;
23.1;?;Doherty to Nafees, no run driven off the front foot towards mid-off;
22.6;1;Smith to Nafees, 1 run that's a long hop which keeps rather low, Nafees goes back and pulls along the ground through midwicket;
22.5;?;Smith to Nafees, no run Nafees strides forward and defends;
22.4;?;Smith to Nafees, no run driven back to the bowler and Smith dives to his left to field;
22.3;1;Smith to Mushfiqur, 1 run flighted delivery on middle stump, Mushfiqur makes a bit of room and drives fluently through wide mid-off;
22.2;?;Smith to Mushfiqur, no run played off the front foot towards point;
22.1;2;Smith to Mushfiqur, 2 runs a bit too short and Mushfiqur is quick to go on the back foot and cut through the gap between backward point and short third man;
47.6;2;Johnson to Shafiul, 2 runs Shafiul clears his front foot out of the way and thrashes at the ball. Where he was aiming for, I can't be certain. He ended up slicing it towards Lee who fumbled on the backward point boundary to allow the second. I never thought they'd make it so far but Bangladesh have gone past 200;
47.5;?;Johnson to Shafiul, no run played from the crease towards Ponting to point;
47.4;4;Johnson to Shafiul, FOUR runs or that! Shafiul prods at one that slants across him from round the wicket and edges it, the ball falls short of first slip and the bounce beats the fielder and Bangladesh get four to third man;
47.3;?;Johnson to Shafiul, no run a wild slog from Shafiul, aiming for down the ground, gets beaten outside off. Take a single and get off strike!;
47.2;W;Johnson to Shuvo, OUT caught at cover! Shuvo backs away to a length delivery and tries to slap it over the infield, he doesn't get enough elevation and Smith takes the catch above his head;Sohrawordi Shuvo c Smith b Johnson 16 (20m 17b 3x4 0x6) SR: 94.11;
47.1;4;Johnson to Shuvo, FOUR runs deft shot! Shuvo backs away towards leg to make room and then dabs the ball fine past Haddin for four, the length was too short from Johnson;
46.6;4;Lee to Mushfiqur, FOUR runs shot! Full and straight, Mushfiqur stands in his crease and gives the ball a powerful thump that beats mid-off and runs to the boundary;
46.5;?;Lee to Mushfiqur, no run the slower short ball beats Mushfiqur's attempted heave over midwicket. Mushfiqur looks exhausted;
46.4;1;Lee to Shuvo, 1 run Shuvo moves towards leg to make room but Lee follows and cramps him. Played towards midwicket for one;
46.3;?;Lee to Shuvo, no run Lee bowls a yorker, and Shuvo's attempted drive finishes as a dig back to the bowler;
46.2;1;Lee to Mushfiqur, 1 run a short ball and Mushfiqur swats it through midwicket, that was a slower short ball;
46.1;1;Lee to Shuvo, 1 run played towards square leg, Mushfiqur is struggling with his running, it's a hot day in Mirpur;
21.6;?;Doherty to Nafees, no run over the wicket to the left-hander, Nafees plays off his pads once again;
21.5;?;Doherty to Nafees, no run played off the pads towards square leg;
21.4;1;Doherty to Mushfiqur, 1 run fuller ball and Mushfiqur finds the gap with the cover drive;
21.3;?;Doherty to Mushfiqur, no run he drives, off the front foot third time to cover;
21.2;?;Doherty to Mushfiqur, no run Rahim cuts off the back foot to point;
21.1;?;Doherty to Mushfiqur, no run he pitches around off and spins the ball past the outside edge of Rahim's push from the crease;
20.6;1;Smith to Mushfiqur, 1 run Rahim makes a bit of room and drives inside out through cover;
20.5;W;Smith to Shakib, OUT bowled him! Smith flights the ball across the left-hander, drawing Shakib into the front-foot drive, the ball pitches and spins back into the batsman, finding the gap between bat and pad to hit the stumps;Shakib Al Hasan b Smith 9 (42m 23b 1x4 0x6) SR: 39.13;
20.4;1;Smith to Nafees, 1 run pushed off the front foot towards point;
20.3;?;Smith to Nafees, no run driven firmly off the front foot but Smith leaps to his left and cuts it off;
20.2;1;Smith to Shakib, 1 run tossed up wide outside off stump, slapped off the front foot to long off once again;
20.1;1;Smith to Nafees, 1 run driven off the front foot to the man on the long-off boundary;
19.6;1;Watson to Nafees, 1 run played off the pads once again behind square;
19.5;4;Watson to Nafees, FOUR runs full ball on the pads, Nafees lifts it over the fielder at midwicket and places it well enough to beat the man on the boundary. He didn't try to hit it too hard, just chipped it and placed it well;
19.4;?;Watson to Nafees, no run another short ball into the body, played down on the leg side;
19.3;1;Watson to Shakib, 1 run that's short on leg stump, Shakib swivels and pulls towards Lee on the fine-leg boundary;
19.2;1;Watson to Nafees, 1 run steered with an open face towards third man;
19.1;?;Watson to Nafees, no run a slow Watson delivery beats Nafees and hits him on the pad, Watson begins to appeal but that was missing leg as it was delivered from very wide of the crease;
18.6;1;Lee to Nafees, 1 run glanced off the pads towards fine leg, Lee's line was a bit too straight;
18.5;1;Lee to Shakib, 1 run short ball and Shakib pulls the ball through square, a soft pull though, rolled his wrists and kept it down;
18.4;1;Lee to Nafees, 1 run played off the pads through midwicket;
18.3;4;Lee to Nafees, FOUR runs that's cut and cut superbly. Not that wide outside off and Nafees cracks it past point and too wide of the fielder at third man. Bangladesh finally go past 50.;
18.2;?;Lee to Nafees, no run another short ball which is straighter, Nafees tries to turn it on the leg side but gets a leading edge that drops safely in front of him;
18.1;?;Lee to Nafees, no run Lee pitches short, angling the ball across the left-hander from over the wicket, Nafees stands tall and tries to cut but bottom edges it into the ground near his feet;
17.6;?;Watson to Shakib, no run played back to the bowler this time;
17.5;?;Watson to Shakib, no run that's not short enough to pull but the growing pressure makes Shakib attempt it anyway, he makes decent contact but the shot is intercepted by the fielder at midwicket;
17.4;?;Watson to Shakib, no run short of a length slightly wider outside off, Shakib cuts but hits it into the ground towards point;
17.3;?;Watson to Shakib, no run Shakib punches off the front foot but can't beat the fielder at short cover;
17.2;?;Watson to Shakib, no run Watson angles the ball into off and middle from wide of the crease, Shakib plays the ball to midwicket;
17.1;1;Watson to Nafees, 1 run good length ball outside off, driven off the front foot through cover;
16.6;?;Lee to Shakib, no run defended from the crease towards the off side;
16.5;1;Lee to Nafees, 1 run short of a length and wide outside off, Nafees mis-times the drive away from his body and just as well for him for it fell short of the fielder at deep cover. It might have gone straight to hand had he hit it better;
16.4;?;Lee to Nafees, no run good length ball that cramps the left-hander for room with the angle from round the wicket, defended on the off side;
16.3;?;Lee to Nafees, no run Lee angles a full ball into the left-hander, Nafees moves forward and plays towards midwicket;
16.2;1;Lee to Shakib, 1 run short of a length delivery outside off from round the wicket, Shakib hits it off the back foot through cover;
16.1;?;Lee to Shakib, no run full ball just outside off, driven towards mid-off;
15.6;?;Watson to Nafees, no run Nafees ends the over by pushing the ball off his pads towards leg;
15.5;?;Watson to Nafees, no run defended on the off side, tight over so far;
15.4;?;Watson to Nafees, no run defended on the front foot towards cover once again;
15.3;?;Watson to Nafees, no run defended confidently towards the off side on the front foot;
15.2;?;Watson to Nafees, no run he leans forward towards the off this time and defends on the leg side, Watson went wide of the crease to angle the ball into the left-hander;
15.1;2;Watson to Nafees, 2 runs Nafees moves forward and towards the line of the ball outside off before opening the face to steer to third man;
14.6;?;Johnson to Shakib, no run good length on off and middle, Shakib defends from the crease towards the leg side;
14.5;?;Johnson to Shakib, no run a full ball nearly in the blockhole, Shakib digs it out towards point;
14.4;?;Johnson to Shakib, no run short of a length on off stump, Shakib defends on the back foot;
14.3;?;Johnson to Shakib, no run fuller length and straight, Shakib drives towards the bowler;
14.2;1;Johnson to Nafees, 1 run driven off the front foot towards extra cover;
14.1;4;Johnson to Nafees, FOUR runs short and wide outside off, Nafees goes after it, cutting it in the air over point, finding the gap between third man and the fielder on the sweeper boundary;
13.6;1;Watson to Nafees, 1 run moves forward and pushes a length ball through cover point for one more;
13.5;1;Watson to Shakib, 1 run pushed in front of point for a single;
13.4;?;Watson to Shakib, no run Watson's taking lots of pace off the ball, driven off the front foot to mid-off;
13.3;?;Watson to Shakib, no run fuller length outside off, Shakib stays on the back foot and drives to mid-off;
13.2;?;Watson to Shakib, no run Watson keeps a good length around off, Shakib stays in his crease and plays towards midwicket;
13.1;?;Watson to Shakib, no run angles a short of a length delivery into the left-hander, Shakib plays it from the crease on the leg side;
12.6;?;Johnson to Nafees, no run short and wide outside off, Nafees tries to cut without moving feet and gets beaten;
12.5;?;Johnson to Nafees, no run well-directed short ball and Nafees does well to drop his wrists and sway out of the way;
12.4;?;Johnson to Nafees, no run tries to drive but ends up mis-timing it on the leg side;
12.3;?;Johnson to Nafees, no run Nafees takes one hand off the bat and plays towards point;
12.2;?;Johnson to Nafees, no run Nafees moves forward and across and closes the face of the bat to play on the leg side;
12.1;4;Johnson to Nafees, FOUR runs there's no slip! Nafees pushes forward at a delivery that angles into him and he edges it through the vacant cordon. He wanted to play to third man but ended up edging it much finer than intended;
11.6;4;Hastings to Shakib, FOUR runs full ball outside off and Shakib moves forward and plays a fluent drive through cover, he's batting too low in this line-up;
11.5;?;Hastings to Shakib, no run defended on the off side off the back foot;
11.4;W;Hastings to Raqibul, OUT bowled him. Bangladesh continue to sink. Hastings hits the pitch short of a length and seams the ball away from the right-hander after pitching around off and middle. Raqibul tries to defend but plays down the wrong line. The ball clips the top of off stump.;Raqibul Hasan b Hastings 0 (2m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
11.3;?;Hastings to Raqibul, no run short ball and Hasan sways slightly and lets it go through to Haddin;
11.2;?;Hastings to Raqibul, no run left alone outside off stump;
11.1;1;Hastings to Nafees, 1 run played off the pads through square leg;
10.6;W;Johnson to Imrul, OUT and his misery is over and this sets Bangladesh back. It was a short ball and Kayes attempted the first pull of the day. He tried to hit it from way way outside off though. It didn't come off and the top-edge flew high in the air towards the leg side where Watson took a simple catch. Bangladesh needed Kayes to kick on and anchor the innings after his excruciatingly slow start. He's gone now, after playing a rash shot. A new batsman will have to come in and get set all over again.;Imrul Kayes c Watson b Johnson 5 (50m 41b 0x4 0x6) SR: 12.19;
10.5;?;Johnson to Imrul, no run another good length delivery on off and middle, Kayes gets behind it and blocks, like he's done most of today;
10.4;?;Johnson to Imrul, no run Kayes moves forward and defends a good length ball on the leg side;
10.3;?;Johnson to Imrul, no run played to cover on the front foot;
10.2;1;Johnson to Nafees, 1 run terrific effort on the third man boundary. Nafees slashes a short and wide ball towards third man where Hastings runs to his left and dives to intercept the racing ball. Ponting runs from point to give Hastings a pat;
10.1;1;Johnson to Imrul, 1 run short of a length outside off, Kayes stands tall on the back foot and drives through cover;
9.6;1;Hastings to Imrul, 1 run Kayes keeps strike by guiding a wide ball towards third man.;
9.5;1;Hastings to Nafees, 1 run a slower ball and Nafees plays the ball through square leg;
9.4;?;Hastings to Nafees, no run played on the leg side;
9.3;?;Hastings to Nafees, no run beaten outside the off stump;
9.2;1;Hastings to Imrul, 1 run well done Kayes! He drops the ball with soft hands on the off side and looks at Nafees, who's charging down for the single. Hastings tried to get to the ball and got in the way of the non-striker. Hussey from cover would have run out Nafees had he hit;
9.1;1;Hastings to Nafees, 1 run Nafees nudges the ball through square for a single, will he have to watch the rest of the over from the non-striker's end?;
8.6;?;Lee to Imrul, no run shouts of catch it as Kayes drives a length ball on the up towards mid-off, it falls a few feet in front of the fielder. Kayes plays out another maiden;
8.5;?;Lee to Imrul, no run Lee doesn't give Kayes any width by angling it in from round the wicket on a good length, Kayes defends on the front foot;
8.4;?;Lee to Imrul, no run Kayes jumps towards leg and tries to flay a full ball from round the wicket through the off side, Kayes misses;
8.3;?;Lee to Imrul, no run Lee fires in a bouncer, Kayes ducks under it;
8.2;?;Lee to Imrul, no run defended on the front foot towards the off, Lee has a polite chat with the batsman, probably asking him to get it off the square;
8.1;?;Lee to Imrul, no run good length and very straight, defended back to the bowler;
7.6;1;Hastings to Imrul, 1 run Kayes keeps strike by opening the face as he drives to steer the ball to third man;
7.5;?;Hastings to Imrul, no run Kayes has width outside off and he makes good contact with the cut, he doesn't beat point though. He will be feeling this mounting pressure.;
7.4;?;Hastings to Imrul, no run another dot ball from Kayes, defended on the front foot towards Hastings. He's got to look to rotate strike at least.;
7.3;?;Hastings to Imrul, no run good length and straight, defended on the front foot;
7.2;1;Hastings to Nafees, 1 run straighter line on middle stump, Nafees dabs the ball towards midwicket and calls for a quick single;
7.1;?;Hastings to Nafees, no run defended off the back foot towards point, Hastings hits the pitch hard and bowls a heavy sort of ball;
6.6;?;Lee to Imrul, no run driven off the front foot towards Hussey at short cover once again. Kayes is now 1 off 24 balls. He has to make this count now.;
6.5;?;Lee to Imrul, no run fuller ball outside off, driven into the ground towards the man at short cover;
6.4;?;Lee to Imrul, no run another short ball just outside off, Kayes drops his wrists and lets it pass. We haven't seen a hook or pull today. Plenty of short balls on offer.;
6.3;?;Lee to Imrul, no run good length and the line is just outside off stump, Kayes moves back and lifts his bat out of the way;
6.2;1;Lee to Nafees, 1 run short of a length delivery on leg and middle, Nafees tucks the ball behind square;
6.1;?;Lee to Nafees, no run Lee bowls another well-directed bouncer that catches Nafees on the crease, the batsman fends and the ball hits glove and lobs safely on the pitch;
5.6;?;Hastings to Imrul, no run good length outside off stump, Kayes strides forward and defends towards the fielder at short cover;
5.5;1;Hastings to Nafees, 1 run Nafees strides forward and opens the face to guide the ball towards third man;
5.4;?;Hastings to Nafees, no run another delivery angling across the left-hander from over the wicket, another delivery left alone;
5.3;?;Hastings to Nafees, no run this time he moves across his crease, covers his off stump, and lets the ball go through to Haddin;
5.2;?;Hastings to Nafees, no run Nafees has another go at a delivery that slants across him, gets beaten by the slightly higher bounce;
5.1;?;Hastings to Nafees, no run short of a length angling across the left-hander, he has a swish and misses;
4.6;?;Lee to Imrul, no run length delivery outside off stump, Kayes moves forward and drives on the up to mid-off. Lee's conceded just one run in his last two overs.;
4.5;?;Lee to Imrul, no run fuller ball from round the wicket, angling into the left-hander, Kayes drives towards cover;
4.4;?;Lee to Imrul, no run short of a length delivery, Kayes stands tall on the back foot and plays it down on the pitch;
4.3;?;Lee to Imrul, no run good length outside off and quicker, pushed off the front foot to the man at short cover;
4.2;?;Lee to Imrul, no run slower ball on off stump but Kayes spotted it, moving forward and driving crisply towards mid-off;
4.1;1;Lee to Nafees, 1 run full and wide outside off and Nafees slashes hard at the ball, slicing it in the air towards third man where it bounces a few metres short of the fielder;
3.6;?;Johnson to Imrul, no run good length on off stump, Kayes gets behind the line on the front foot and blocks;
3.5;?;Johnson to Imrul, no run short ball and very straight, Kayes takes one hand off the bat as he defends from his crease;
3.4;?;Johnson to Imrul, no run short of a length and straight, Kayes gets behind the line and defends with a straight bat;
3.3;?;Johnson to Imrul, no run Johnson tries the yorker but doesn't get the line quite right, Kayes gets hit on the pad after missing the flick;
3.2;1;Johnson to Nafees, 1 run played off the back foot to third man;
3.1;4;Johnson to Nafees, FOUR runs a touch too full from Johnson and Nafees gets on to the front foot and drives the ball past the fielder at cover. It's four once it gets through the infield;
2.6;?;Lee to Imrul, no run flicked off the pads to the fielder at square leg;
2.5;?;Lee to Imrul, no run that's an excellent delivery, pitches on a good length in line with off and deviates slightly to beat the forward prod of the batsman. Played down the wrong line.;
2.4;?;Lee to Imrul, no run good length but a touch wide outside off, Kayes moves forward and drives to cover;
2.3;?;Lee to Imrul, no run short of a length outside off, Kayes stays in his crease and lets it go;
2.2;?;Lee to Imrul, no run Kayes has a wild thrash at a delivery outside off and misses;
2.1;?;Lee to Imrul, no run huge appeal that carried on for ages! And with good reason. Lee banged in the bouncer and it is supremely directed. Kayes fended at it at first but then tried to pull his bat out of the way. He was late in doing so and he definitely gloved it to Haddin. The umpire didn't see it.;
1.6;1;Johnson to Imrul, 1 run a bit too straight and Kayes uses the angle into him to work the ball off his pads behind square;
1.5;1;Johnson to Nafees, 1 run he strides forward and opens the face to guide the ball to third man;
1.4;W;Johnson to Tamim, OUT stunningly caught at first slip! The ball was pretty ordinary, on a length wide outside off, Tamim went after it, driving with power. He didn't make proper contact though and the thick outside edge flew at furious pace towards the left of Watson's head at first slip. Watson moved quickly, taking the catch with both hands. Made it look much simpler than it was.;Tamim Iqbal c Watson b Johnson 5 (9m 7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 71.42;
1.3;4;Johnson to Tamim, FOUR runs shorter length with lots of width outside off, Tamim stands in his crease, arches back a touch and drives the ball in front of point through the gap in the in-field. The timing is superb;
1.2;?;Johnson to Tamim, no run good length outside off stump, Tamim moves forward and defends with a straight bat towards the off side;
1.1;?;Johnson to Tamim, no run that one didn't carry, Tamim let it go outside off and the ball bounced a second time before reaching Haddin, who hasn't had the easiest of starts today;
0.6;?;Lee to Imrul, no run length ball outside off stump, Kayes strides forward and punches towards mid-off;
0.5;?;Lee to Imrul, no run defended on the off side;
0.4;4b;Lee to Imrul, 4 byes that's beaten both batsman and wicketkeeper. Lee sprays it wide outside off, Kayes' eyes light up at the width on offer and he goes after it with a mighty swing, the ball swings away and beats the bat, it swings away from Haddin and beats him too;
0.3;1;Lee to Tamim, 1 run length ball with width outside off, Tamim gets going with a firm punch off the front foot through extra cover;
0.2;?;Lee to Tamim, no run Tamim plays the good length ball with a straight bat towards mid-on;
0.1;?;Lee to Tamim, no run Lee slants the ball across the left-hander from over the wicket and bends it back in a little, the batsman defends;

We're set to begin. Tamim and Kayes opening as usual. Brett Lee with the new ball.
0921 Not much of a crowd yet in Mirpur but it's still early. Besides it's a Monday morning. The pitch doesn't have much moisture in it. That's not really a surprise.
"Glad to see the selectors finally grasp the nettle and put White out of his misery. They probably thought they were doing the right thing in supporting him, but the continued failures were just eroding his confidence more and more." says Paul.
"White had to be dropped but I don't like that he's been replaced by Ferguson. The job White was supposed to do was that of the power hitter. Ferguson is much more like Clarke or Hussey. Surely someone like Dan Christian or David Warner would be a better replacement for White," says Tim. Both Dan and David are biffing it at the IPL at present. Dan did rather well, David didn't. So far.
Another email from Tim: "Shakib Al Hasan is batting far too low at number six. I think he needs to see himself as a batting allrounder. Bat at number four and bat a few overs. With Razzaq and Shuvo in the side his bowling isn't a necessity but his batting is."
"Ferguson can still be quite a good hitter of the ball. I remember in the Champions League he scored a quickfire 70 against the Cape Cobras I think?" says James.
Toss, 0900 Bangladesh have won it and they will bat first. They are not playing Mashrafe Mortaza today, Rubel Hossain comes into the side.
Australia have cut Cameron White from the XI, and brought in Callum Ferguson.
"Mortaza was down on pace in the first game, clearly lacking strength if he wasn't actually injured," says Daniel Brettig from Mirpur.
0850 Good morning and welcome to ESPNcricinfo's ball-by-ball coverage of the second ODI between Australia and Bangladesh in Mirpur. Michael Clarke's team presently lead the three-match series 1-0 and will be looking to wrap this up today. Here's Brydon Coverdale's preview of the game.
Will the rope given to the out of form Cameron White get a bit longer today? He's been in poor form for ages now, unable to score steadily at the start of his innings and then unable to hit the big shots to accelerate his strike-rate. Australia, however, seem keen to keep him in their XI.
Have you read Daniel Brettig's feature on Brett Lee yet? Lee's second wind gale has been inspirational. His athleticism as well as his line, length and pace during the World Cup was an example to fast bowlers, young and old, everywhere.
 Innings Start
Watson also scored the most runs in boundaries in an ODI innings. The previous record was Herschelle Gibbs's 126 runs in boundaries during his 175 in Johannesburg in 2006.
Watson scored 185 off 96 balls, out of a total of 232. 80% of the runs. "Made my job easy," Ponting tells Neo Sports. "Just had to get a single to give him strike. No one expected it to get over that fast. I have been lucky to play with some great players, Watto has played some great innings ... this was an amazing innings. Some of those sixes would have cleared any boundary in the world. Probably won't sink into us for a while how good that was ..."
This is also the highest score by an Australian in an ODI. Beating Hayden's 181 against New Zealand.
Shakib looks a little shell shocked at the presentation ceremony. "He batted really well, all the credit goes to him ... We put on a reasonable total, but the way he batted ... when we started with spinners the ball was coming on to the bat nicely, by the time the ball stopped coming on to the bat he was well set and hitting everything."
Clarke: "That's probably the best innings I've seen. Hit the ball so cleanly from the start today ... full credit to Watto." Clarke's also happy with the way his spinners bowled.
Shane Watson is the Man of the Match. Obviously. "Nice day today," he says with a smile. "Everything came off and a little bit of luck as well." Was the sixes record planned? "I had no idea, I was pretty tired and didn't want to run too much. Was pretty hot and humid so I tried to limit my running and it worked out nicely. The ball didn't turn too much today ... made it easier to execute."
That's it from us at ESPNcricinfo for the moment, join us day after tomorrow for the final game of this series. Did I mention that Australia have won it 2-0? I'm off to watch happy animated movies after this violence. Thank you for all your emails today. Cheers.
25.6;4;Rubel to Ponting, FOUR runs Ponting has his moment in Watson's sun, pulling the ball through backward square to score the winning runs. Bangladesh's torment is over.;
25.5;1;Rubel to Watson, 1 run mis-hit through midwicket for a single;
25.4;6;Rubel to Watson, SIX runs well he's got his 15th!! This time with a cool swing through the line, lofting the ball straight over the fielder on the long-on boundary;
25.3;4;Rubel to Watson, FOUR runs full toss on middle and leg stump, Watson fails to hit his 15th, managing to swing it through square leg for a measly four.;
25.2;?;Rubel to Watson, no run full ball outside off, Watson chops own on it and plays towards point;
25.1;1;Rubel to Ponting, 1 run Ponting drives straight down the ground for a single;
24.6;6;Razzak to Watson, SIX runs yawn. Watson gets down on one knee, swings his bat with the power of a superhuman, and hits his 14th six, over midwicket again, with a slog sweep. This is getting stale now. How about a reverse-sweep for six?;
24.5;?;Razzak to Watson, no run Watson aims for another leg-side boundary and misses;
24.4;4;Razzak to Watson, FOUR runs it's a disappointing four. Watson pulls with power into the gap between two people on the midwicket boundary;
24.3;?;Razzak to Watson, no run Watson pulls and misses this time. Getting beaten outside off stump;
24.2;6;Razzak to Watson, SIX runs and he's broken it. His 13th six. Again heaved over wide long-on. He takes the record for most sixes in an innings from Xavier Marshall. Bangladesh want this over with now;
24.1;6;Razzak to Watson, SIX runs Watson equals the world record for most sixes in an innings by heaving the ball over long-on. That's his 12th and he draws level with Xavier Marshall.;
23.6;1;Rubel to Watson, 1 run a low full toss and Watson drives to long-off to keep strike;
23.5;?;Rubel to Watson, no run a yorker, and for once Watson has no option but to defend;
23.4;1;Rubel to Ponting, 1 run driven fluently off the front foot through cover, Ponting letting Watson do all the hard work!;
23.3;1;Rubel to Watson, 1 run Watson plonks that heavy foot forward and drills the ball down the ground to long off;
23.2;2;Rubel to Watson, 2 runs Watson aims for down the ground and unbelievably it doesn't come off. He slices it in the air over point to bring up his 150;
23.1;1;Rubel to Ponting, 1 run driven off the front foot through cover;
22.6;6;Mahmudullah to Watson, SIX runs Gulp. Watson sees a short ball, and pulls again, giving it plenty of air time as it makes the journey from pitch to stand beyond wide long-on;
22.5;1;Mahmudullah to Ponting, 1 run driven to long-on for a single;
22.4;?;Mahmudullah to Ponting, no run Ponting moves back and plays the ball on the leg side;
22.3;1;Mahmudullah to Watson, 1 run Watson heaves again, this time along the ground to deep midwicket;
22.2;1;Mahmudullah to Ponting, 1 run played to long-on for a single;
22.1;?;Mahmudullah to Ponting, no run Ponting strides forward and defends on the off side, the whole world outside Bangladesh wants him to take a single;
21.6;2;Shuvo to Watson, 2 runs Watson hammers the ball hard and straight but along the ground, giving the fielder at long off some work to do;
21.5;6;Shuvo to Watson, SIX runs this has gone too, Watson picks it up from outside off and heaves the ball over wide long-on, that went into the first tier;
21.4;6;Shuvo to Watson, SIX runs this is carnage, Bangladesh are defenceless, rubbish bowling though. Full toss on leg stump and Watson swings it over the deep backward square leg boundary. He's hit the most sixes by an Australian in an innings.;
21.3;6;Shuvo to Watson, SIX runs Bangladesh are being battered and bullied, Watson gets down and then hammers it over the long-on boundary this time, he clears it by miles;
21.2;6;Shuvo to Watson, SIX runs so we've seen this before. Watson down on one knee, waiting for the ball angling into him from the left-armer, swinging the bat with tremendous power and slamming the ball over deep midwicket;
21.1;1;Shuvo to Ponting, 1 run driven to long on for a single;
20.6;3;Razzak to Ponting, 3 runs Ponting moves forward and then sweeps the ball behind square;
20.5;?;Razzak to Ponting, no run played towards midwicket;
20.4;1;Razzak to Watson, 1 run dropped! Again! Watson finally mis-times a slog sweep high in the air towards deep midwicket, Raqibal Hasan runs to his right towards the ball, gets to it while he's on the move and then drops it. Not an easy chance but they must be taken if you want to compete against Australia.;
20.3;1;Razzak to Ponting, 1 run Ponting nudges the ball towards long-on for a single;
20.2;1;Razzak to Watson, 1 run hit in the air but falls well short of the man at long-on;
20.1;4;Razzak to Watson, FOUR runs Watson aims for the coruscating swing over midwicket but gets a thick edge that flies over the man at first slip for four;
19.6;1;Shafiul to Watson, 1 run the slower ball and Watson works it through midwicket;
19.5;1;Shafiul to Ponting, 1 run Ponting drives a full ball towards long-on;
19.4;1;Shafiul to Watson, 1 run full toss on middle and leg, Watson flicks the ball through midwicket;
19.3;4;Shafiul to Watson, FOUR runs dropped. Watson goes big, lofting the ball high in the air towards long-on where Razzak runs back and tries to take the catch, he gets both hands to it but can't hold on, the ball pops out of his hands and falls just inside the boundary before going over. Tough chance, because Razzak was looking over his shoulder while he was running towards the boundary;
19.2;4;Shafiul to Watson, FOUR runs take a bow Shane Watson! He brings up ODI century No. 6 with a fluent drive of the front foot through extra cover, threading the gap between cover and mid-off. Terrific shot.;
19.1;2;Shafiul to Watson, 2 runs Watson tries to drive but gets an inside edge behind square, he comes back for the second and moves on to 99;
18.6;2;Shakib to Ponting, 2 runs Ponting steps out and moves towards leg to make room to hit inside out towards off, he gets a thick outside edge that flies through the gap between backward point and short third man;
18.5;1;Shakib to Watson, 1 run Watson moves back, gets cramped for room, but still manages to punch the ball through wide mid-on;
18.4;1;Shakib to Ponting, 1 run Ponting moves back and punches the ball towards long on;
18.3;1;Shakib to Watson, 1 run driven off the back foot through cover;
18.2;?;Shakib to Watson, no run ah, Watson! Defends the ball back to the bowler to give up the chance of breaking Hayden's fastest hundred by an Australian;
18.1;1;Shakib to Ponting, 1 run Ponting drives to long-on for a single;
17.6;1;Rubel to Ponting, 1 run driven on the leg side for a single;
17.5;1;Rubel to Watson, 1 run a full ball with some swing into the right-hander, Watson flicks through square leg. He needs five off 1 ball to break Hayden's record. Five off 2 to equal it.;
17.4;1;Rubel to Ponting, 1 run played to midwicket for a single;
17.3;6;Rubel to Ponting, SIX runs can't find gaps in the field, go over them! Ponting gets on to the front foot and swings his bat hard, hitting through the line of the ball and sending it over the wide long-on boundary;
17.2;?;Rubel to Ponting, no run Ponting moves forward and times the drive well, but straight to the bowler;
17.1;1;Rubel to Watson, 1 run 6 off two now, this one was a yorker on off stump, Watson dug it out on the off side for a single;
16.6;?;Shakib to Ponting, no run defended on the front foot towards the off;
16.5;?;Shakib to Ponting, no run Ponting moves down leg and then tries to sweep, trying to beat short fine leg, but doesn't;
16.4;1;Shakib to Watson, 1 run played off the pads through midwicket for a single;
16.3;?;Shakib to Watson, no run he got into position to hit over midwicket but had to defend off the back foot because the ball was flat and fast;
16.2;?;Shakib to Watson, no run pushed off the front foot back to the bowler, he's biding his time here;
16.1;?;Shakib to Watson, no run defended on the front foot;
15.6;1;Rubel to Watson, 1 run short and wide outside off, cut off the front foot to deep point to bring up the 50 partnership;
15.5;?;Rubel to Watson, no run played from the crease towards point;
15.4;3;Rubel to Ponting, 3 runs terrific shot, that was nearly a yorker but Ponting brought his bat down in time and punched the ball past the bowler. Less power, more timing.;
15.3;?;Rubel to Ponting, no run Ponting's timing his drives well but hitting it to fielders, this one goes off the front foot towards cover;
15.2;?;Rubel to Ponting, no run played back to the bowler off the front foot;
15.1;1;Rubel to Watson, 1 run punched towards long-on off the back foot;
14.6;?;Shuvo to Ponting, no run short ball outside off but Ponting hits it off the back foot straight to the man at cover. What would Watson have done with that, I wonder?;
14.5;?;Shuvo to Ponting, no run Ponting tries to pull a slower ball and gets into a tangle of sorts, he doesn't make contact;
14.4;1;Shuvo to Watson, 1 run pushed off the front foot towards mid-on;
14.3;?;Shuvo to Watson, no run played back to the bowler;
14.2;6;Shuvo to Watson, SIX runs this is brutal, Watson gets down low once again, and swings the hammer of Thor to bash to ball over deep square leg with the slog sweep, unbelievable striking;
14.1;4;Shuvo to Watson, FOUR runs too far down leg side, Watson gets down on one knee and sweeps the ball in the air and down to the vacant long-leg boundary;
13.6;?;Rubel to Ponting, no run Ponting moves forward and plays a fluent drive towards mid-on;
13.5;1;Rubel to Watson, 1 run a full ball nearly in the blockhole, dug out past the bowler for a single;
13.5;5nb;Rubel to Watson, (no ball) FOUR runs he can be delicate too! A high full toss on leg stump, and instead of smashing it to smithereens, Watson merely helps it around the corner, wide of the fielder at short fine leg;
13.4;?;Rubel to Watson, no run fuller length outside off, driven off the front foot towards mid-off;
13.3;?;Rubel to Watson, no run good length outside off, Watson drives off the front foot to cover, smack out of the middle that was;
13.2;4;Rubel to Watson, FOUR runs that's a little short and Watson pulls, hitting the ball with the toe of the bat. Such is his power though that the ball races to the midwicket boundary;
13.1;?;Rubel to Watson, no run good length and straight, punched off the front foot towards mid-off;
12.6;?;Shuvo to Ponting, no run Ponting steps out and drives towards mid-on;
12.5;1;Shuvo to Watson, 1 run tossed up on middle stump, Watson makes room and drives along the ground to long-on;
12.4;1;Shuvo to Ponting, 1 run Ponting moves forward, and then goes back to work the ball off his pads through square;
12.3;1;Shuvo to Watson, 1 run punched off the back foot towards long on for a single;
12.2;1;Shuvo to Ponting, 1 run tossed up on middle and leg, flicked behind square for a single;
12.1;4;Shuvo to Ponting, FOUR runs well that is a poor start to Ponting, a short ball down leg side, Ponting hit one of those to short fine leg earlier, this time he pulls it to the long leg boundary;
11.6;1;Rubel to Ponting, 1 run Ponting gets off the mark by pushing off the front foot towards cover. He's made a Kayes-esque start.;
11.5;1;Rubel to Watson, 1 run length ball outside off stump, the broad bat of Watson comes crashing down on the ball and sends it through cover point;
11.4;4;Rubel to Watson, FOUR runs short and wide outside off stump, Watson slashes and goes hard at the ball, edging it in the air towards the third man boundary;
11.3;?;Rubel to Watson, no run Watson drives the ball hard into the ground towards cover, he bats with such industrial power;
11.2;4;Rubel to Watson, FOUR runs short and wide outside off stump, Watson moves forward and lays into it, swinging his bat heavily to cut the ball through point;
11.1;?;Rubel to Watson, no run good length at skiddy pace around off stump, Watson defends on the front foot;
10.6;?;Shakib to Ponting, no run defended on the off side;
10.5;?;Shakib to Ponting, no run that's wide down leg side and Ponting should have done more with it than paddle to short fine leg. Watson would have hit it to Chittagong.;
10.4;?;Shakib to Ponting, no run tossed up slowly on off stump, defended on the off side;
10.3;?;Shakib to Ponting, no run played towards point off the front foot;
10.2;?;Shakib to Ponting, no run Ponting lunges, like he usually does, and defends;
10.1;?;Shakib to Ponting, no run Ponting moves forward and defends on the off side;
9.6;?;Razzak to Watson, no run tries to play down to fine leg but misses and gets hit on the pad;
9.5;6;Razzak to Watson, SIX runs well he's got it this time, short ball and that is simply too easy for Watson who once again shows off his pulling skills by heaving a long hop into the first tier at midwicket;
9.4;?;Razzak to Watson, no run the quicker ball on middle stump, Watson is waiting for the opportunity to hit but doesn't get it, he defends on the off side;
9.3;?;Razzak to Watson, no run driven hard into the ground and towards the bowler;
9.2;?;Razzak to Watson, no run Watson lunges forward and defends with a straight bat;
9.1;?;Razzak to Watson, no run Watson tries to play the leg glance but makes poor contact;
8.6;?;Shakib to Ponting, no run Ponting goes back and punches off the back foot but Shakib moves to his right and stops the ball;
8.5;?;Shakib to Ponting, no run Ponting lunges and defends with bat close to pad;
8.4;?;Shakib to Ponting, no run Ponting strides forward, gets behind the line and defends;
8.3;W;Shakib to Haddin, OUT caught at midwicket. It's Robin, though, not Batman. Haddin charges and tries to hit over the leg side, he gets beaten in the flight and makes contact with the inner part of the bat. The bat turned on impact as well. The ball flies in the air at Mahmudullah, who takes a simple catch;Brad Haddin c Mahmudullah b Shakib Al Hasan 8 (28m 19b 1x4 0x6) SR: 42.1;
8.2;1;Shakib to Watson, 1 run played through the leg side for a single;
8.1;?;Shakib to Watson, no run Watson strides forward, but instead of unleashing hell on the bowlers in the direction of midwicket, he defends.;
7.6;?;Razzak to Haddin, no run Haddin moves back, gets behind the line, and defends;
7.5;?;Razzak to Haddin, no run defended on the leg side;
7.4;?;Razzak to Haddin, no run loud appeal for lbw after Haddin got squared up and beaten, he was hit on the pad. Looked close but perhaps missing leg.;
7.3;?;Razzak to Haddin, no run Haddin tries to hit over the top on the leg side but misses and gets hit on the pad;
7.2;2;Razzak to Haddin, 2 runs Haddin uses the leg-stump line to glance the ball past short fine leg for two more;
7.1;1;Razzak to Watson, 1 run full ball on middle stump, Watson is magnanimous and takes a single by driving to long-on;
6.6;1;Shakib to Watson, 1 run ah ha, Watson cleverly keeps strike by pushing the last ball towards wide mid-on;
6.5;?;Shakib to Watson, no run defended on the off side;
6.4;?;Shakib to Watson, no run Watson misses the slog sweep, Bangladesh sigh in relief;
6.3;6;Shakib to Watson, SIX runs ok this is painful to watch now, Watson gets to fifty by heaving a short ball off the back foot over long-on, cleared it comfortably. Bangladesh had got to 50 in the 18th over.;
6.2;?;Shakib to Watson, no run fired in quick outside off, Watson aimed for another hit but then cut the ball into the ground towards slip;
6.1;6;Shakib to Watson, SIX runs that's short and Watson is hitting better balls than those. He hits this one as well, pulling it flat off the back foot over the deep square leg boundary;
5.6;1;Razzak to Watson, 1 run bowled flat on middle stump, played off the back foot through midwicket, Watson keeps strike now;
5.5;6;Razzak to Watson, SIX runs What's Watson had for lunch? He clears his front foot out of the way to open his shoulders and create hitting space. And hit it he does, slamming the ball over deep midwicket with a slog sweep;
5.4;?;Razzak to Watson, no run played off the back foot towards midwicket;
5.3;?;Razzak to Watson, no run defended back to the bowler;
5.2;4;Razzak to Watson, FOUR runs and Watson continues bullying the bowlers, waiting for the ball to angle into him before swinging with power through midwicket;
5.1;?;Razzak to Watson, no run that's fired down leg side and Watson misses the glance. Huge appeal for caught behind but the umpire is unmoved. No wide called so must have been pad.;
4.6;?;Shakib to Haddin, no run Haddin steps out again, realises he isn't to the pitch of the ball and pads it away;
4.5;?;Shakib to Haddin, no run played back to the bowler;
4.4;4;Shakib to Haddin, FOUR runs Haddin uses his feet to step out, gets to the pitch of the ball and lofts it through the line, over the fielder at mid-on;
4.3;?;Shakib to Haddin, no run played off the front foot towards midwicket;
4.2;?;Shakib to Haddin, no run Haddin gets behind the line of a quick one and blocks on the leg side;
4.1;?;Shakib to Haddin, no run defended on the front foot towards the bowler;
3.6;1;Razzak to Haddin, 1 run Haddin is hogging the strike now, takes a single after five dots by playing the ball off his pads behind square;
3.5;?;Razzak to Haddin, no run tossed up on off and middle, Haddin defends on the front foot;
3.4;?;Razzak to Haddin, no run that's a bit too short and Haddin mis-times the back-foot cut towards cover point;
3.3;?;Razzak to Haddin, no run Haddin moves forward and defends on the off;
3.2;?;Razzak to Haddin, no run defended on the front foot towards the leg side;
3.1;?;Razzak to Haddin, no run Haddin misses the glance off the pads;
2.6;1;Shakib to Haddin, 1 run Haddin gets going smoothly with a clip off his pads through midwicket;
2.5;1;Shakib to Watson, 1 run driven off the pads to deep midwicket, and Haddin has the strike;
2.4;6;Shakib to Watson, SIX runs Watson uses his long reach to lunge forward and heave the ball over deep midwicket, immense power, Australia are racing away and Haddin hasn't faced a ball!;
2.3;2;Shakib to Watson, 2 runs played behind point for two more;
2.2;?;Shakib to Watson, no run Watson gets down on one knee to sweep and gets an inside edge behind square when he was aiming for midwicket;
2.1;?;Shakib to Watson, no run the arm ball into the right-hander, Watson defends on the off side;
1.6;1;Razzak to Watson, 1 run played towards deep midwicket for a single;
1.5;4;Razzak to Watson, FOUR runs that's too short and what a shot that is! Watson clears his front foot out of the way and pulls the ball hard and straight past the bowler. All the finesse of a wrecking ball but it got the job done.;
1.4;?;Razzak to Watson, no run Watson closes the face to play on the leg side but misses and gets hit on the pad, Razzak appeals but that was missing leg;
1.3;?;Razzak to Watson, no run good length and very straight, driven back to the bowler once again;
1.2;?;Razzak to Watson, no run Watson goes back and plays towards the bowler;
1.1;?;Razzak to Watson, no run defended on the front foot towards the bowler;
0.6;1;Shafiul to Watson, 1 run short and wide outside off again, Watson cuts into the ground and over backward point towards third man;
0.5;?;Shafiul to Watson, no run driven off the front foot into the ground and towards the bowler;
0.4;4;Shafiul to Watson, FOUR runs too full and straight, Watson barely moves before bringing his bat down straight and driving the ball between the bowler and mid-on, Shafiul copping a hammering;
0.3;4;Shafiul to Watson, FOUR runs length ball outside off, Watson strides forward and plays a muscular drive past the short cover fielder and wide of the man at mid-off;
0.2;?;Shafiul to Watson, no run good length and closer to off stump, Watson moves forward and shoulders arms;
0.1;4;Shafiul to Watson, FOUR runs short, wide and smashed. Too much room from Shafiul and poor length, Watson cuts with power through point;
0.1;1w;Shafiul to Watson, 1 wide starts with a wide ball outside off stump, was just inside the tram line I think but the umpire is harsher than I am;

Australia's chase of 230 is about to begin. Watson and Haddin to open as usual. Shafiul has the new ball, running in from over the wicket. Slip and short cover in place.
 Innings Start
Bangladesh
Australia
2nd ODI, Dhaka, Apr 11 2011, Australia tour of Bangladesh
229/7
232/1
Player of the match is Shane Watson, AUS
Australia won by 9 wickets (with 144 balls remaining)
