Data
7.43pm: More high-octane stuff... some thrilling T20Is in South Africa in the past couple of weeks, first the nail-biting England series and now this. Australia look to be ahead of the game in this decider, but de Kock is sure to come flying out of the blocks. Andrew 'Funky' Miller will be here shortly to guide you through the run chase.
"Nortje over Steyn might cost SA the match," mutters Mudhabir.
7.39pm: Australia post 193 for 5 - not as high as it could have been after a lightning-fast start thanks to Finch and Warner's rapid-fire fifties, but a useful total nonetheless, with the pitch getting slower and Australia picking two spinners in Agar and Zampa. Australia's middle order got in a muddle again, with Wade and Marsh both struggling for timing after their promotions, but Smith was quite outrageous at the death, hammering Nortje's last over for 20 to take the target past 190. Shamsi and Ngidi the pick of the bowlers: Shamsi put the brakes on in the middle, while Ngidi was quite brilliant at the death.
20 runs off the final over!
19.6;2;Nortje to Smith, 2 runs slower ball on a length outside off, pulled hard to deep midwicket and they race back for a second;
19.5;2;Nortje to Smith, 2 runs slower yorker on the stumps, clipped out to midwicket for a couple;
19.4;6;Nortje to Smith, SIX runs full extension of the arms, inside-out over extra cover for six! Extraordinary batting, high front elbow, zero foot movement other than to rock onto the back foot, and timed into the stands!;
19.3;2;Nortje to Smith, 2 runs shifts across to scoop, doesn't get all of it, and fine leg catches up with it;
19.2;2;Nortje to Smith, 2 runs slower ball, flies miles up into the air but into no-man's-land... there's a man diving underneath it, but he can't hold on! Looks like it was Klaasen running in from deep midwicket, burst through his hands as he dived forwards;
19.1;6;Nortje to Smith, SIX runs full outside off, something of a half-volley, full extension of the arms... high in the air, but over du Plessis at long-on and into the crowd!;
18.6;1;Rabada to Smith, 1 run slower ball outside off, Smith clears the front leg and plays a tennis-style forehead down the ground, out to long-off;
18.5;1;Rabada to Agar, 1 run pulled out towards midwicket, only a single;
18.4;W;Rabada to Carey, OUT timber this time! Offcutter on a length, Carey clears the front leg, is through the shot early, and it pings back the top of middle! No overstep this time, much to Rabada's relief;Alex Carey b Rabada 7 (10m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 116.66;
18.3;2;Rabada to Carey, 2 runs low full toss, short-arm jabbed out to midwicket, Nortje is running in off the fence but shells the chance! Never looked comfortable under the high ball, similar chance to the one Lockie Ferguson took in the World Cup final - difficult, but gettable;
18.2;1;Rabada to Smith, 1 run clipped out to deep backward square;
18.1;2;Rabada to Smith, 2 runs nails his yorker, Smith chips it into the off side looking to go down the ground, and it lands in no-man's-land;
18.1;1nb;Rabada to Smith, (no ball) bowled 'im! 79mph/127kph, full and straight... hang on a minute, has he overstepped? Yes he has! Nightmare for Rabada, timber went flying as Smith got across to the off side and couldn't get bat on a slower yorker which burst through his legs!;
13.6;1;Rabada to Marsh, 1 run another cutter, low full toss, clipped out to long-on to keep the strike;
13.5;6;Rabada to Marsh, SIX runs back of a length slower ball, swivel-pulled round the corner for six! Picked the length early, just helped it on its way over backward square;
13.4;2;Rabada to Marsh, 2 runs slower yorker, dug out to deep midwicket and they race back for a couple;
13.3;?;Rabada to Marsh, no run back of a length, blocked into the covers on the back foot;
13.2;1;Rabada to Wade, 1 run length, hung outside off, chipped out to the sweeper-cover on the bounce;
13.1;?;Rabada to Wade, no run hangs a cutter outside off stump, pushed out to cover in the ring;
12.6;1;Shamsi to Wade, 1 run fullish, brings out the reverse but not a clean connection, and it flicks up to short third man on the bounce;
12.5;1;Shamsi to Marsh, 1 run full and straight, driven out to long-off with soft hands;
12.4;W;Shamsi to Finch, OUT Finch gets down and across looking to lap this over short fine leg, but Shamsi sees him coming. He's struck on the inner thigh, down on one knee, Shamsi belts out an appeal and it's given! Looked pretty adjacent, and Finch trudges off after an imperious 55. EDIT: Hawk-Eye confirms that would have smacked into the off stump, halfway up.;Aaron Finch lbw b Shamsi 55 (59m 37b 6x4 1x6) SR: 148.64;
12.3;1;Shamsi to Wade, 1 run rocks back and carves this out to wide long-off;
12.2;?;Shamsi to Wade, no run length in the channel, not much turn but Wade can only prod back to the bowler;
12.1;1lb;Shamsi to Finch, 1 leg bye flat, down the leg side, skews out to square leg via de Kock's gloves. Given as a leg-bye, must have flicked the pad on the way through;
17.6;1;Ngidi to Smith, 1 run length outside off, Smith flays his bat at it looking to cut but only finds van Biljon at point on the bounce;
17.5;1;Ngidi to Carey, 1 run full on off stump, pushed across the left-handed Carey and whipped down the ground to long-on;
17.4;1;Ngidi to Smith, 1 run shuffles across to the off side, slower ball, clipped to fine leg in the circle for one after waiting an eternity for the ball to arrive... very slow slower ball!;
17.3;?;Ngidi to Smith, no run slower ball, hung full outside the off stump, Smith doesn't pick it shaping to drive and is beaten;
17.2;1;Ngidi to Carey, 1 run full, in at the pads, whipped out to short midwicket;
17.1;2;Ngidi to Carey, 2 runs driven with a straight bat through the covers for a couple;
16.6;1;Pretorius to Carey, 1 run slower ball, punched out to deep point on the back foot;
16.5;3;Pretorius to Smith, 3 runs punched out to deep extra cover on the back foot, Klaasen gets round brilliantly, diving to his left to cut it off. Great running though, as Carey dives to make his ground for the third;
16.4;W;Pretorius to Marsh, OUT slower ball, yet again, sliced very high in the air down towards short third man, and Shamsi takes the catch! Nearly swung himself off his feet, through the shot too quickly, and Shamsi holds on!;Mitchell Marsh c Shamsi b Pretorius 19 (22m 16b 1x4 1x6) SR: 118.75;
16.3;1;Pretorius to Smith, 1 run slower ball on fifth stump, whipped to deep midwicket with quick wrists, Miller fields well to prevent a second;
16.2;1;Pretorius to Marsh, 1 run crunched down to wide long-off, only a single;
16.1;?;Pretorius to Marsh, no run holds in the pitch, length in the channel as Marsh looks to slug over cow corner, and is beaten;
16.1;1w;Pretorius to Marsh, 1 wide and another one given wide! Hung outside off, pace-off again, looked to play through cover off the back foot but couldn't connect.;
16.1;1w;Pretorius to Marsh, 1 wide hangs a slower ball outside off, Marsh gets across to the off side looking to mow this over midwicket, but only connects with thin air! Harshly given as a wide;
15.6;1;Ngidi to Marsh, 1 run length in the channel, driven to long-off to keep the strike;
15.5;?;Ngidi to Marsh, no run given lbw! And reviewed almost immediately. Low full toss, looked like it might have been sliding down the leg slide on first viewing. Struck on the shin, no bat involved. Aaaaand....missing leg stump according to ball-tracking!;
15.4;?;Ngidi to Marsh, no run slower ball, guided to short point on the back foot;
15.3;4;Ngidi to Marsh, FOUR runs short ball, pulled elegantly in front of square for four! Full extension of the arms, and out the middle;
15.2;W;Ngidi to Wade, OUT length ball, pushed across him, skied miles up into the air towards short fine leg... de Kock runs round, gets underneath it, it comes down with snow on it, and de Kock dives forward to take the catch on the edge of the ring! Great grab - early call to clear the area, and then kept his eyes on it all the way down;Matthew Wade c ?de Kock b Ngidi 10 (20m 9b 0x4 1x6) SR: 111.11;
15.1;1;Ngidi to Marsh, 1 run back of a length, dragged down the ground to long-on, only one;
14.6;6;Pretorius to Wade, SIX runs pace-on this time, length ball, Wade's eyes light up and he nails this over deep midwicket into the stands for six!;
14.5;?;Pretorius to Wade, no run slower ball, very nearly played on, and then not far away from a calamitous run-out! Length on leg stump, looked to slog through midwicket, struck on the back of the bat, it dribbled to de Kock... Wade set off looking for a run, was sent back, and was scrambling back into his crease as QdK tried to kick the stumps down but dragged it wide! Drama!;
14.4;1;Pretorius to Marsh, 1 run slower ball again, slashed out to deep point with a cross-batted shot, Marsh grunting as he throws his hands at it;
14.4;1w;Pretorius to Marsh, 1 wide slower ball again, Marsh gets over to the off side looking to hammer this over square leg but can't connect. Very harshly called wide;
14.3;?;Pretorius to Marsh, no run shifts across to the off side, slower ball in the channel, Marsh has a slash at it but can't get bat on it;
14.2;1;Pretorius to Wade, 1 run cutter, forced out to backward square on the pull;
14.1;1;Pretorius to Marsh, 1 run back of a length, outside off, hammered out to deep point with a cut;
11.6;1;Nortje to Finch, 1 run steps back, pulls a back of a length ball down to backward square from deep in his crease;
11.5;?;Nortje to Finch, no run length outside off, no foot movement from Finch as he throws his hands at it and only meets fresh air... 91mph/147kph, Nortje cranking it up!;
11.4;?;Nortje to Finch, no run length outside off, carved straight to backward point on the back foot. "Awh, come on!" exclaims Finch;
11.3;W;Nortje to Warner, OUT gets his man this time! Great catch by Miller running back from short midwicket! Bouncer, pushed across the left-hander, and Warner was late on the pull. Heaved high into the leg side, and Miller gets back to hold onto a difficult chance, falling onto his back as he takes it. Warner departs, SA finally get their breakthrough;David Warner c Miller b Nortje 57 (53m 37b 5x4 2x6) SR: 154.05;
11.2;?;Nortje to Warner, no run clears the front leg looking to go over the off side, beaten by the offcutter! Nortje shakes his head and mutters a few words in Warner's direction, who grins back at him;
11.1;1;Nortje to Finch, 1 run forced out to short cover on the bounce, they race through for a single;
10.6;?;Shamsi to Warner, no run fullish on off stump, carved out to backward point on the bounce where Pretorius fields. Consecutive dot balls!;
10.5;?;Shamsi to Warner, no run opens up, slashed out to van Biljon at short cover who makes an excellent diving stop;
10.4;1lb;Shamsi to Finch, 1 leg bye almost swings himself off his feet trying to slog-sweep, diverts down to short fine leg via the pad;
10.3;1;Shamsi to Warner, 1 run tossed up on off stump, very full, swung out towards midwicket where Rabada makes a diving half-stop... not really a chance, barely a fingertip on it and flew so quickly at him;
10.2;2;Shamsi to Warner, 2 runs flat again, on a length outside off, and carved out to sweeper-cover on the back foot;
10.1;1;Shamsi to Finch, 1 run flat, on leg stump, clipped out to deep backward square;
9.6;1;Pretorius to Finch, 1 run dipping slower ball on the stumps, opens the blade and steers out to short cover;
9.5;1;Pretorius to Warner, 1 run clears the front leg and slashes hard out to cover point;
9.4;6;Pretorius to Warner, SIX runs slower ball, in the slot, picks it early, and slugs this miles over deep midwicket for a towering six! That's absolutely huge! And brings up Warner's fifty, from 30 balls;
9.3;1;Pretorius to Finch, 1 run slower ball, Finch opens the face to guide this out to point;
9.2;2;Pretorius to Finch, 2 runs clipped out to midwicket, they hurry back for two and that brings up Finch's fifty from only 27 balls!;
9.1;1;Pretorius to Warner, 1 run length outside off, steered out to sweeper-cover;
8.6;1;Shamsi to Warner, 1 run hangs back, punches out to deep cover;
8.5;2;Shamsi to Warner, 2 runs opens up, looks to go inside-out over the covers, "CATCH!" is the cry but it won't carry, and the fielder gets round. Brings up the 100 stand in just 8.5 overs;
8.4;1;Shamsi to Finch, 1 run uses his feet, Shamsi sees him coming, drops it shorter. Worked out to midwicket for one;
8.3;1;Shamsi to Warner, 1 run shimmies down again, giving himself room to hit to the off side, but can only clip to deep extra cover for one;
8.2;4;Shamsi to Warner, FOUR runs tossed up, Warner shimmies down the track and unleashes his power on this, hammering it for a one-bounce four down the ground. Not quite middled, struck low on the bat;
8.1;?;Shamsi to Warner, no run length outside off, Warner gets down to reverse-slog-sweep very early, but can't get bat on it;
7.6;1;Ngidi to Warner, 1 run dipping slower ball, low full toss on the pads, whipped out to long leg;
7.5;1;Ngidi to Finch, 1 run tailing yorker in at leg stump, worked out to Klaasen grazing at cow corner;
7.4;1;Ngidi to Warner, 1 run slower ball, outside the leg stump, worked to long-on for an easy single;
7.4;1w;Ngidi to Warner, 1 wide slower ball, wayward and down the leg side;
7.3;2;Ngidi to Warner, 2 runs full on the pads, clipped down to long leg for a couple;
7.2;1;Ngidi to Finch, 1 run slower ball in the channel, hacked out to midwicket via the inside half of the bat. They think about two, decide against;
7.2;1w;Ngidi to Finch, 1 wide back of a length, down the leg side. Finch looks to pull and can't get bat on it. Apologetic appeal from Ngidi, who knows it's wide;
7.1;1;Ngidi to Warner, 1 run full on the pads, worked out to straight midwicket;
6.6;1;Shamsi to Warner, 1 run clipped down to long-on for a single;
6.5;1;Shamsi to Finch, 1 run flatter, in at the pads, flicked out to deep backward square;
6.4;2;Shamsi to Finch, 2 runs heaved out to deep midwicket for a couple more;
6.3;?;Shamsi to Finch, no run tossed up, yorker, driven back to Shamsi on the bounce;
6.2;4;Shamsi to Finch, FOUR runs drag down, Finch's eyes light up and he pulls this round the corner for four more. Drops his length back, real freebie for Finch in this sort of mood;
6.1;1;Shamsi to Warner, 1 run clears the front leg, opens up and hammers this down to wide long-off on the bounce;
5.6;2;Pretorius to Finch, 2 runs back of a length, clipped out to short midwicket and they somehow turn this into two! So quick between the wickets;
5.5;1;Pretorius to Warner, 1 run bottom-edged pull shot, skews away to short fine leg;
5.4;?;Pretorius to Warner, no run slower ball, Warner nearly swings himself off his feet trying to send this into next week but can only swish at thin air!;
5.3;1;Pretorius to Finch, 1 run cutter, fullish, clipped out to deep square;
5.3;1w;Pretorius to Finch, 1 wide full, down the leg side, called wide;
5.2;1;Pretorius to Warner, 1 run back of a length outside off, cut to backward point in the ring;
5.1;6;Pretorius to Warner, SIX runs length pushed across him at 75mph/121kph, and Warner slugs this into the crowd! Crunched, right out of the screws, and it flies over deep midwicket;
4.6;1;Ngidi to Warner, 1 run slower ball, back of a length, pulled out to the sweeper on the leg side. "TWO!" was the early call, but there's never a second run there;
4.5;1;Ngidi to Finch, 1 run full offcutter, hacked out to deep square leg for one;
4.4;1lb;Ngidi to Warner, 1 leg bye length on leg stump, flicked round the corner via the pad but straight to the man on the 45;
4.4;1w;Ngidi to Warner, 1 wide slower ball, back of a length down the leg side;
4.3;1;Ngidi to Finch, 1 run yorker on leg stump, dug out straight to wide mid-on but they can still get through for a single;
4.2;4;Ngidi to Finch, FOUR runs opens up, shimmies to the leg side, and checks an inside-out back-foot cover drive over extra, straight to the fence after a couple of bounces!;
4.1;4;Ngidi to Finch, FOUR runs flashes at a wide one outside the off stump, Finch opens the face and square drives for four through backward point! Beats the diving backward point, stand-and-deliver stuff;
3.6;4;Nortje to Warner, FOUR runs short and down the leg side, pulled hard through the vacant midwicket region and it rolls away to the rope! Not timed, but enough on it to beat deep backward square running round;
3.5;4;Nortje to Warner, FOUR runs in the slot on off stump, slower ball this time, but Warner picks it out the hand and bludgeons it over mid-on for a one-bounce four;
3.4;4;Nortje to Warner, FOUR runs steps outside leg, pushed wide at 93mph/150kph, flashes hard at it outside off stump with an open face and it flies away for four over point!;
3.3;1;Nortje to Finch, 1 run slightly full of a length in at leg stump, inside-edged into the pad and into the covers for a single... 93mph/150kph!;
3.2;4;Nortje to Finch, FOUR runs short ball, too straight, Finch pulls off the hip and it runs away very fine for four!;
3.1;1;Nortje to Warner, 1 run steered behind point, 92mph/148kph;
2.6;1;Rabada to Warner, 1 run length ball, bit of movement in, another lightning-fast single;
2.5;4;Rabada to Warner, FOUR runs fullish in the channel, 88mph/141kph, Warner throws his hands through it and slashes it up and over short third man via the outside edge;
2.4;1;Rabada to Finch, 1 run nudged down the ground, they race through for another sharp single;
2.3;6;Rabada to Finch, SIX runs muscled high and mighty over long-on for six! Cross-seam, early transfer of weight as he stays legside of it, clears the front leg and nails it ten rows back!;
2.2;4;Rabada to Finch, FOUR runs legcutter, flicked round the corner past Nortje in the ring;
2.1;1;Rabada to Warner, 1 run back of a length slower ball, heaved away but straight to the fielder at short midwicket. Miller tries to throw down the stumps at the non-striker's, Pretorius misfields backing up, and they just about make it through for an overthrow with Warner diving at full stretch to make his ground!;
1.6;?;Nortje to Finch, no run fullish, angling down leg, looks to whip to the leg side but can't get bat on it;
1.5;1;Nortje to Warner, 1 run back of a length in the channel, stabbed out to deep cover;
1.4;1;Nortje to Finch, 1 run stays legside of it again, Nortje follows him and Finch nudges out to mid-on for a sharp single;
1.3;?;Nortje to Finch, no run offcutter, Finch doesn't pick it looking to make some room, dabs it into his foot and it squirts just past the off stump! Nortje has his head in his hands!;
1.2;1;Nortje to Warner, 1 run slightly full of a length, flicked off the pads down to long leg. 86mph/139kph;
1.1;3;Nortje to Finch, 3 runs fullish outside off, looks to go over the top but it's chipped down towards long-off via the toe. Looks to be dribbling away for four, but du Plessis claws it back;
0.6;?;Rabada to Warner, no run cramped for room, back of a length on the hip, defended awkwardly and it drops at his feet;
0.5;1;Rabada to Finch, 1 run length in the channel, fenced out to cover and they set off straight away, Klaasen has a shy at the striker's end but his throw flies over on the bounce! Might have been in, regardless;
0.4;?;Rabada to Finch, no run back of a length, skids on, Finch defends back down the track;
0.3;2lb;Rabada to Finch, 2 leg byes length on the pads, flicked out to midwicket via the front dog and they race back for two, brilliant running;
0.2;4;Rabada to Finch, FOUR runs length in the channel, Finch hammers it through the covers with minimal foot movement, smiting it out the middle of the bat and through the ring. So much power in the shot!;
0.2;1w;Rabada to Finch, 1 wide speared down the leg side at 89pmh/143kph, given wide;
0.1;1;Rabada to Warner, 1 run back of a length, tucks him up, squeezed out to point via the outside edge. Bit of nibble back into the left-hander;

It'll be KG Rabada to take the new ball from the Wynberg End. Over the wicket, with a wide-ish slip in place.
5.59pm Here we go then, Warner and Finch stride purposefully out to the middle.
Here's the official word from Cricket South Africa on Dale Steyn's absence: "No gremlins or anything like that, he just wasn't selected. He's definitely not injured." Hmm... one to keep an eye on, I reckon.
5.55pm Thanks, Killer. Expecting a relatively dry surface today, with spin playing an important part. Aaron Finch said at the toss he hoped it would "slow up a little bit later", and that he would have chosen to bat first.
The average scoring rate in the last four T20Is at Newlands is 8.27 runs per over - all of them have been humdingers...
5.52pm Here's Matt Roller to talk you through the first half of the contest...
5.50pm Dhruval: "What is wrong with steyn? Any injury? #aworriedrcbfan" Firdose will ask the question, but we suspect it's just precautionary. Besides, Nortje did alright the other day. Why change a winning bowling attack.
5.38pm Abhijato: "Hello, Mr Miller! David Warner must have been shattered after remaining unbeaten yet not being able to win the match for his team last time around. This time, there is no scoreboard pressure. He wields his whimsical willow - time for another classic anchoring blinder from the modern-day legend?" Well why not. He's probably got some reason or another to put on a show today...
5.30pm South Africa win the toss and field. No Steyn, no Bavuma. And a new opening partner for de Kock. Australia, as expected, are unchanged.
Remios: "I find it funny seeing so many experts talking about the culture of the Australian cricket team as if they're living in a tent in the dressing room. Soft skinned, loud mouthed, apparently omniscient scholars the lot of them. Aussies play hard cricket, always have always will. The best of the best rise to the challenge on the field, Kohli being the prime example, the rest leave it until the post-game press conferences to bite back. " Yep, can't argue with that. Never had much of an issue with verbals in the game, personally.
South Africa 1 Quinton de Kock (capt, wk), 2 Rassie van der Dussen, 3 Faf du Plessis, 4 Heinrich Klassen, 5 David Miller, 6 Pite van Biljon, 7 Dwayne Pretorius, 8 Kagiso Rabada, 9 Anrich Nortje, 10 Tabraiz Shamsi, 11 Lungi Ngidi
Australia:1 David Warner, 2 Aaron Finch (capt), 3 Steven Smith, 4 Matt Wade, 5 Mitchell Marsh, 6 Alex Carey (wk), 7 Ashton Agar, 8 Pat Cummins, 9 Mitchell Starc, 10 Adam Zampa, 11 Kane Richardson
5.27pm Will Dale Steyn be back in South Africa's ranks today? Firdose hasn't spotted him in the warm-ups, though I wouldn't read too much into that. The old warhorse knows his own game. Cummins meanwhile is bowling on the practice pitch, so he looks set to play in spite of that workload debate.
"It's not very full yet but there is major traffic getting in," says Firdose. I guess that's the problem with dumping a whopping great mountain in the middle of your city...
Sarthak: "Any fantasy team tips?" The only tip is don't take tips from me. I never remember to update my squads. I suspect I'm bottom of the ESPN inter-office Six Nations league (but then I can't remember my log-in so I guess I'll never know...)
5.19pm Ten minutes to go until the toss... sit tight!
James McCaghrey: "For me the biggest annoyance about the whole sandpaper matter is nothing changed, as Wade showed during the ashes, they still have a nasty streak in the team. Saying things like "They have served their punishment", doesn't prove that the australian cricket team have sorted out the toxic culture that decided that winning was the most important thing, it didn't matter how they won." Well, to be fair to Australia, winning is a fairly fundamental part of professional sport - it was the blatant cheating rather than the attitude on display that caused the furore two years ago... Two years! Crumbs, doesn't time fly...
5.07pm CiMP: "AM, good afternoon (evening in India) Can Warner and Smith live down the memories or the crowd will ensure they play the 12th man for SA? " Well indeed. It's quite the emotional homecoming for two of Australia's finest ... for those of a delicate disposition, don't click here to relive the whole gory saga...
Slim Shady : "Hope Australia give a chance to Jhye Richardson and Abbott or atleast to one of them, Cummins should be rested, it's important to manage his workload " Troo dat. We were looking at his numbers for 2019 amid the furore about Jofra Archer's workload, and they are truly insane. More than 600 overs in all internationals in 2019, almost 200 more than Archer...
Mind you, Kagiso Rabada's had a hefty run of it too. Check out the graphic in this piece from New Year's Day...
4.56pm Afternoon all, welcome to another T20I decider ... it's South Africa v Australia at Cape Town, and it's all up for grabs after two wildly contrasting contests at Joburg and Port Elizabeth.
So, here's how the land lies with an hour or so to go until the start. The toss is in 30 minutes, and Firdose Moonda will be on hand with all the goss. "It's a great day out here by the way," she says. "Nice and warm and bit of a breeze." Lovely
 Innings Start
9.30pm So, that will do for tonight. Formidable from Australia, they really have built themselves quite the machine ahead of a home T20 World Cup. From Matt and myself, and Firdose (whose report will be right here), goodnight!
The player of the series is Aaron Finch. "It was nice with the new ball there and once the lights took effect it started to move nicely. When you have a left- and right-hand combination, if you can keep chipping away and stealing the ones, that rate goes up to 9,10 an over quickly. Wickets in the Powerplay are so crucial, if you can defend yourself well in the Powerplay that goes a long way. Huge credit to all the boys for buying into their roles."
The man of the match is Mitchell Starc: "I think it's been a pretty good job from all the bowlers, and things to keep improving on heading into October. They can kick on a bit if we don't get the powerplay wickets so QDK is a big one. We've got guys waiting in the wings and we've got plenty to build on. We've another T20 series in NZ, and as a group there's plenty of positives."
Quinton de Kock: "It's quite disappointing the way we lost, but we've got to keep our heads up. I still would rather have chased, but they were 20 runs above par. We need time in the middle for our players, this is our last T20 for a while, but when [the World Cup] comes closer we'll give it some thought. Australia are a tough competitive team. Hopefully we can get a series win [in the ODIs]."
9.18pm Shankar: "Nkwe shouldn't have asked to treat this as a world Cup final. Series decider itself was pressurizing enough :(" Well, maybe he was right to ... if the pressure of winning a series is that crushing, you clearly need to get used to pressure!
9.15pm Handshakes all round out in the middle. The teams will be back in action in the ODIs next week, but South Africa will need something special to lift them from that.
The Perplexed P: "The Proteas are in love with QdK! Once he's out of the contest, the rest wil follow ASAP! The Sorry story of the South Africans this series. No spine whatsoever when QdK's gone in chases. " It's hard to dispute. A total of nine runs in his two innings at Joburg and Newlands. And there wasn't a lot to come when he fell.
Jake: "Wow. The last 5 wickets cost only 9 runs in 17 balls. " Ouch
9.12pm So, make of that what you will. A 107-run defeat at Joburg, a 97-run defeat today. And somewhere, sandwiched between the two, South Africa eked out a 12-run win at Port Elizabeth. It's been a grim display from the hosts this evening, who have now been beaten in three of their four series this summer, despite a win in each of those, and despite taking each of the last three to a decider.
15.3;W;Starc to Rabada, OUT full length, dipping into the pads, a massive appeal, and up goes the finger! It's all over! Faint hints of an inside-edge, but South Africa have no reviews, and they've been thumped by 97 runs ...;Kagiso Rabada lbw b Starc 5 (15m 4b 1x4 0x6) SR: 125;
15.2;4;Starc to Rabada, FOUR runs whoops, that's a freebie to any quality of batsman, a half-volley on the toes, and chipped sweetly through fine leg;
15.1;1;Starc to Shamsi, 1 run fired into the legs, and pops behind square for another single;
14.6;1;Agar to Shamsi, 1 run on the toes, clipped hard to the leg side, to ironic cheers;
14.5;?;Agar to Shamsi, no run swished to point off the back foot;
14.4;?;Agar to Shamsi, no run cripes, that's close! A quicker ball, zeroing in on the top of off, and fenced away with a frantic inside-edge!;
14.3;W;Agar to Ngidi, OUT bowled him! Agar is on a hat-trick once again, with No. 11 in his sights! A revolting hack towards some distant point in the Antarctic, the ball scuds on with the arm, into the timbers... crumbs!;Lungi Ngidi b Agar 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
14.2;W;Agar to Nortje, OUT reverse-sweep, and that's plumb too! Nortje gets in a tangle to a regulation length ball, and Agar's evening just gets better. This is turning into the most one-sided 2-1 series loss of all time...;Anrich Nortje lbw b Agar 2 (5m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
14.1;?;Agar to Nortje, no run pressed out to point;
13.6;1;Marsh to Nortje, 1 run slower ball, tight to off stump, worked with stiff wrists to midwicket;
13.5;?;Marsh to Nortje, no run stand-and-deliver. A flat-footed swipe to a lifting ball outside off, finds thin air;
13.4;1;Marsh to Rabada, 1 run opens the face, nurdled to third man. A direct hit would have been out!;
13.3;1;Marsh to Nortje, 1 run slower ball, back of a length, flapped to deep cover;
13.2;?;Marsh to Nortje, no run worked to the on side, nothing doing there;
13.1;W;Marsh to Pretorius, OUT slower ball, a massive yahoo across the line! And up goes the finger! A slight suspicion of under-edge as Pretorius reviews ... but err ... no. He's seen the initial replay, and knows it's curtains! Thumping off stump and South Africa slide deeper into the soup;Dwaine Pretorius lbw b Marsh 11 (18m 9b 0x4 1x6) SR: 122.22;
12.6;?;Cummins to Rabada, no run back of a length, slower ball, cautiously pointed towards point;
12.5;W;Cummins to Miller, OUT slower ball, slapped straight to cover. That will be that then! That all happened in slo-mo, a yawning, telegraphed drive, reaching for the wide ball, finding no timing, and skidding a low chance to the edge of the ring. It's not Miller time no more...;David Miller c Finch b Cummins 15 (24m 18b 0x4 0x6) SR: 83.33;
12.4;1;Cummins to Pretorius, 1 run cracked out to the off side;
12.4;1w;Cummins to Pretorius, 1 wide slower ball, off line, maybe South Africa can do it in extras?;
12.4;1w;Cummins to Pretorius, 1 wide banged in short, Pretorius pokes at it with a vertical bat, like a slightly off-balanced gun on a partridge shoot. And misses;
12.3;6;Cummins to Pretorius, SIX runs a monstrous pick-up over midwicket! The perfect length to treat with utter contempt, hoisting high with a skiddy seam, clean into the stands!;
12.2;1;Cummins to Miller, 1 run rocking back for a cut into the covers;
12.1;2;Cummins to Miller, 2 runs a battered pull out to deep midwicket. A slight fumble on the boundary's edge lets them get back for two;
11.6;1;Zampa to Miller, 1 run clipped from a leg-stump line, on the up out to midwicket. Zampa's spell is zapping all resistance;
11.5;1;Zampa to Pretorius, 1 run poked out to cover point;
11.4;1;Zampa to Miller, 1 run reverse sweep, that's actually very well played, but a fine tumbling stop at what was point and is now backward square;
11.3;1;Zampa to Pretorius, 1 run nudged to the leg side;
11.2;?;Zampa to Pretorius, no run a dirty great wipe across the line, so nearly bowled, so nearly stumped! Pretorius uses the momentum of his violent followthrough to propel him with a complete lack of dignity, safely back into the crease. Eww...;
11.1;1;Zampa to Miller, 1 run a shimmy to the pitch, tucked to midwicket;
10.6;1;Agar to Miller, 1 run whipped on the up to mid-on, Agar is rattling through his night's work with barely a shot in anger against his wiles;
10.5;1;Agar to Pretorius, 1 run tucked firmly off the legs, but that's just another single;
10.4;?;Agar to Pretorius, no run straightens from back of a length, connects well on a flat swat across the line but straight to midwicket;
10.3;1;Agar to Miller, 1 run nurdled off the legs, more singles to the cause;
10.2;1;Agar to Pretorius, 1 run leaning back for a slap to deep cover;
10.1;1;Agar to Miller, 1 run tapped into the gap;
9.6;W;Zampa to van Biljon, OUT through him like a dose of the pox! Tossed up on off stump, skids straight on as van Biljon turns his wrists into a clip to leg, but can only grimace as the ball crashes through the gate and into the timbers!;Pite van Biljon b Zampa 1 (6m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
9.5;?;Zampa to van Biljon, no run well bowled, skidding on, but sliding down the leg side as van Biljon is rapped on the shin;
9.4;?;Zampa to van Biljon, no run back of a length, another googly, fenced to cover off the back foot;
9.3;1;Zampa to Miller, 1 run dipping into the toes, flicked with intent to square leg. Singles ain't going to cut it, but I think South Africa know that...;
9.2;2;Zampa to Miller, 2 runs compact sweep, out to deep square, and good running to get back for the second;
9.1;?;Zampa to Miller, no run advancing out of the crease, rapped on the shin by a well-flighted googly, but struck outside leg;
8.6;1;Agar to Miller, 1 run flicked into space on the leg side once more, just the five runs and a wicket in another constrictive over;
8.5;1;Agar to van Biljon, 1 run full face of the bat, patted to short cover;
8.4;1;Agar to Miller, 1 run whittled to wide mid-on, flicking from outside off;
8.3;W;Agar to van der Dussen, OUT another ramp, and a brilliant catch from Zampa! He saw the angles early, sprinting from short third man the moment that Rassie shaped for the shot, and flung himself full-stretch to scoop it off the turf! This could get messy ...;Rassie van der Dussen c Zampa b Agar 24 (40m 19b 3x4 0x6) SR: 126.31;
8.2;1;Agar to Miller, 1 run quicker ball, outside off, fenced off the legs to backward square;
8.1;1;Agar to van der Dussen, 1 run out comes the ramp, no pace to work with, but played with impressive perpendicularity, clean over the keeper's head;
7.6;?;Zampa to Miller, no run can't nudge this one off the pads, and Forecaster slumps to 7.2%;
7.5;?;Zampa to Miller, no run wafted out to point, lovely elusive flight allied to a tight line;
7.4;?;Zampa to Miller, no run patted to the leg side;
7.3;W;Zampa to Klaasen, OUT reverse-hoick, and back goes the middle stump! Well, something had to give, Klaasen climbed into a pre-meditated switch-hit, and did everything right except connect with the ball! Too early through the swing, and Zampa pulls out a chainsaw-esque celebration that looked uncannily like something Dale Steyn might come up with...;Heinrich Klaasen b Zampa 22 (21m 18b 1x4 1x6) SR: 122.22;
7.2;1;Zampa to van der Dussen, 1 run back of a length, hauled to the on-side with a cross-batted swipe;
7.1;1;Zampa to Klaasen, 1 run flogged out to deep cover;
6.6;1;Agar to Klaasen, 1 run excellent stretching stop from Richardson. Klaasen was down on one knee for the sweep, under-edged it with pace through backward square, but a one-handed stretch cut off a probable boundary;
6.5;1;Agar to van der Dussen, 1 run stabbed to short third man, the rate continues to creep up;
6.4;1;Agar to Klaasen, 1 run a shimmy to leg, but Agar sticks to his guns with an off-stump line, pumped out to deep cover;
6.3;1;Agar to van der Dussen, 1 run round the wicket, straightening into the pads, worked to square leg;
6.2;1;Agar to Klaasen, 1 run on the pads, worked to deep midwicket;
6.1;?;Agar to Klaasen, no run back of a length, flashed back down the pitch, eludes Agar in his followthrough;
5.6;1;Kane Richardson to Klaasen, 1 run crashed to cover, up comes the fifty, and there goes the Powerplay too;
5.5;2;Kane Richardson to Klaasen, 2 runs cutter, on a back of a length, straightened after pitching as Klaasen sized up the flick to leg. Good running as midwicket runs in to gather;
5.4;1;Kane Richardson to van der Dussen, 1 run cracked in front of point this time, and the sweeper has an easier time intercepting this one. Taking the pace off once again, outside off stump;
5.3;4;Kane Richardson to van der Dussen, FOUR runs too short, too wide, placed with timing past the point sweeper!;
5.2;?;Kane Richardson to van der Dussen, no run cracked hard to cover;
5.1;1;Kane Richardson to Klaasen, 1 run nurdled off the pads to midwicket, another single;
4.6;1;Cummins to Klaasen, 1 run back off a length once more, pressed into the covers with a flourish in the followthrough;
4.5;1;Cummins to van der Dussen, 1 run slower ball, full length, well picked but slapped straight into the covers;
4.4;1;Cummins to Klaasen, 1 run bashed hard back down the pitch, Cummins stoops in his followthrough and gets a hand on the ball as he does so;
4.3;1;Cummins to van der Dussen, 1 run back of a length, fourth-stump line, flashed to backward point with an outside-edgy stab;
4.2;1;Cummins to Klaasen, 1 run whittled off the legs to backward square;
4.1;4;Cummins to Klaasen, FOUR runs up on the toes, punched off the back foot down through backward point;
3.6;?;Kane Richardson to van der Dussen, no run through to the keeper outside off to complete the over. Are South Africa waving or drowning? They are still making a splash in between whiles ...;
3.5;1;Kane Richardson to Klaasen, 1 run chopped down into the off side, hopping onto the back foot for the point sweeper to gather;
3.4;6;Kane Richardson to Klaasen, SIX runs flogged into the building site! Wow, that was just a fraction short, Klaasen was loitering on the back foot like a mugger in the shadows, and utterly slotted his pull through the line over wide long-on!;
3.3;?;Kane Richardson to Klaasen, no run quicker delivery on a full length, poked to cover on the front foot;
3.2;?;Kane Richardson to Klaasen, no run back of a length again, tight line outside off, and dribbles to the keeper on the second bounce. Cunning change of pace;
3.1;1;Kane Richardson to van der Dussen, 1 run shaping into the right-hander, just back of a length, stabbed down through third man off the back foot;
2.6;?;Starc to Klaasen, no run zipping past the outside edge on a tighter line, well bowled, and well beaten. Australia look in the mood to dominate;
2.6;1w;Starc to Klaasen, 1 wide lifting down the leg side, Carey can't gather cleanly;
2.5;W;Starc to du Plessis, OUT reaching for the slash over third man, and Zampa clings onto a blinder! Another huge breakthrough, full length, wide line, Faf was nowhere near the ball but had a go anyway, his spiralling outside edge almost had enough toe-end on it to reach the rope, but Zampa somehow located the ball in the wind, and clung on with both hands, flinging himself backwards;Faf du Plessis c Zampa b Starc 5 (11m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 71.42;
2.4;1;Starc to van der Dussen, 1 run yorker, tailing in, but well watched from Rassie, sensing the likelihood of a danger ball and tapping it for the single to cover;
2.3;4;Starc to van der Dussen, FOUR runs width, and clattered up and over the covers! Freeing the arms, with glee! That's more like it for South Africa!;
2.2;4;Starc to van der Dussen, FOUR runs clouted back through the line! Broad-shouldered biffage from Rassie, picking the cross-seamer and flinging his arms into a lofted drive;
2.2;1w;Starc to van der Dussen, 1 wide a wide, wild outswinger, wide outside the tramlines;
2.1;?;Starc to van der Dussen, no run zips over the top of middle as van der Dussen pulls at thin air;
1.6;1;Cummins to van der Dussen, 1 run width, wafted to deep point for the single. Tidy over from Cummins, keeping it to a run a ball will do nicely for Australia;
1.5;1;Cummins to du Plessis, 1 run slower ball again, back of a length, languidly driven to cover, with exploratory intent;
1.4;1;Cummins to van der Dussen, 1 run back of a length, stabbed to short cover, good sharp running as they seek to get back up with the rate;
1.3;1;Cummins to du Plessis, 1 run slower ball, back of a length, nurdled off the toes to square leg;
1.2;?;Cummins to du Plessis, no run opens the face for a back-foot steer to point;
1.1;2;Cummins to du Plessis, 2 runs wheeling away with an angle in towards the stumps, flicked off the legs behind square;
0.6;1;Starc to du Plessis, 1 run banged in short, that's a fizzing lifter, and it raps the gloves hard! Well, that's a lively first over!;
0.5;?;Starc to du Plessis, no run swinging past the leg stump this time, but must have flicked pad along the way as there's no wide called;
0.4;W;Starc to de Kock, OUT ping! That's perfection from Starc, an identikit dismissal to de Kock's Joburg castling, aiming to clip to leg, but beaten by late outswing, and the top of middle stump takes a pounding! He ends up staring forlornly towards midwicket, and well, is that the game there and then?;Quinton de Kock b Starc 5 (3m 3b 1x4 0x6) SR: 166.66;
0.3;4;Starc to de Kock, FOUR runs very full length, tailing in, and what a sumptuous strike! Perfectly vertical bat, oozing with timing, and patted through a very straight mid-on;
0.2;1;Starc to van der Dussen, 1 run dabbed to the off side, and picked up at cover once more;
0.1;1;Starc to de Kock, 1 run flogged into the covers, an ambitious start and a fine interception at full stretch from Matthew Wade;

7.55pm Evening all, welcome back for the run-chase. Glorious to see a pair of blasts from the past during the interval, with Brian McMillan and Omar Henry being interviewed on the outfield. If you've not heard of the sledging tales in 1998, google "mcmillan" "cork" and "big nose" and let my chum Rob Smyth talk you through it... here's Mitchell Starc...
 Innings Start
Australia
South Africa
3rd T20I (N), Cape Town, Feb 26 2020, Australia tour of South Africa
193/5
96
Player of the match is Mitchell Starc, AUS
Australia won by 97 runs
