Data
9.02pm Australia will be pleased with their effort here, but India are not entirely out of it either. They know if they can get a couple of wickets early, their spinners can control the game. An interesting second half is set up. See you in 10 minutes
19.6;1;Watson to Ashwin, 1 run shuffles across again, Watson has enough time to realise that and bowls full and wide, and Ashwin gets just the single to cover;
19.5;1;Watson to Harbhajan, 1 run full toss, absolutely smashed, but for a single to long-on;
19.4;1;Watson to Ashwin, 1 run looks to walks across, Watson bowls a wide full delivery, Ashwin gets a thick edge to third man;
19.3;W;Watson to Raina, OUT Raina falls in search for quick runs. Wide length ball, he gets under it, but can't clear long-off. Watson hasn't bowled the best of overs, but with this wicket he has a chance to pull it all back. Decent hand from Raina, though;Suresh Raina c Maxwell b Watson 26 (40m 19b 4x4 0x6) SR: 136.84;
19.2;4;Watson to Raina, FOUR runs poor bowling. Fine leg is up, and he is full and on the pads. Raina takes the gifted runs;
19.1;4;Watson to Raina, FOUR runs slower ball gone wrong, and he has smacked this full toss into the cow corner. Warner puts a dive in, but cant touch it;
18.6;?;Cummins to Ashwin, no run wide and full, Ashwin charges down, and misses by about a foot. No bye this time;
18.5;1;Cummins to Raina, 1 run slower bouncer again, pulled away to deep midwicket;
18.4;2b;Cummins to Raina, 2 byes slower short ball, Raina connects thin air with his wild heave, they take a bye, Wade lobs the throw too far, and then Hogg fails to back up well at mid-off, allowing them a second;
18.3;1;Cummins to Ashwin, 1 run slower ball, slogged away, along the ground, gets a single;
18.2;?;Cummins to Ashwin, no run walks right across the stumps and misses a plum full toss. Ashwin wants a no-ball for height, but the umpire doesn't oblige;
18.1;1;Cummins to Raina, 1 run slower bouncer, Raina pulls it, top edge lands safe;
11.6;2;Starc to Dhoni, 2 runs Watson is everywhere. Wide length ball, Dhoni throws his hands at it, gets a thick edge past slip, third man is wide, but Watson does really well with a desperate dive to save two runs;
11.5;1;Starc to Raina, 1 run short, outside off, steered away, and third man keeps them down to one with a dive;
11.4;?;Starc to Raina, no run length ball, on off, pushed to short cover;
11.3;1;Starc to Dhoni, 1 run driven away on the up, and the sweeper-cover does really well with the bad bounce on this patchy outfield;
11.2;?;Starc to Dhoni, no run length ball outside off, left alone;
11.1;W;Starc to Rohit Sharma, OUT played all around it. Wide of the crease, slightly low arm, angled in towards top of off, Sharma just misses the line completely, the bat coming down from slips, but looking to play straight. The off stump goes for a walk. Australia on a hat-trick;Rohit Sharma b Starc 1 (5m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
10.6;W;Watson to Pathan, OUT Watson strikes again. India might even be thankful that Pathan is out. Memories of Ravindra Jadeja's promotion all those years ago when he tried his best to hit out but just couldn't. This is full, on the pads, flicked away, straight to short midwicket;Irfan Pathan c White b Watson 31 (48m 30b 2x4 1x6) SR: 103.33;
10.5;1;Watson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run length ball, on off, plays with an open face, gets a single between cover and point;
10.4;1;Watson to Pathan, 1 run pulled away to deep square leg for one;
10.3;?;Watson to Pathan, no run length ball, on the pads, worked away, but not through the infield;
10.2;2;Watson to Pathan, 2 runs another mis-hit from Pathan, and it is safe again. Short from Watson, looks to pull it, gets a bottom edge past the keeper;
10.1;W;Watson to Yuvraj, OUT Bouncer is back. Hello. And so is Watson's golden arm. Digs this in, Yuvraj likes the drop in pace from Cummins, and he top-edges it to deep midwicket;Yuvraj Singh c Maxwell b Watson 8 (11m 10b 1x4 0x6) SR: 80;
17.6;?;Starc to Ashwin, no run another charge, swing and miss. This one held its line just outside off;
17.5;2;Starc to Ashwin, 2 runs Hogg could have caught this. Helped away off the hip, in the air, towards fine leg, Hogg gets around it, but doesn't run in at all. It lands on a half-volley for him;
17.4;?;Starc to Ashwin, no run gives him the charge, misses as he drives at a short-of-a-length delivery;
17.3;6;Starc to Ashwin, SIX runs never mind the seconds, take this six from Ashwin. He ,may not run, he can hit the ball. Bouncer, at 140ks, and he has pulled this well over midwicket;
17.2;1;Starc to Raina, 1 run short and wide, gets away with it. Toe-ended to to the left of sweeper-cover, but with Ashwin there is no danger of conceding the second;
17.1;?;Starc to Raina, no run bloody good yorker. Is Wasim Akram watching and approving of it? Swinging in, on off, dug out, but back to Starc;
16.6;1;Christian to Raina, 1 run full, on off, driven to long-off for one;
16.5;1;Christian to Ashwin, 1 run wide half-volley, driven to long-off;
16.4;4;Christian to Ashwin, FOUR runs Christian got away with it last ball, but you can't afford bowling wide length balls at death. Ashwin opens the face, drives it square, between cover-point and point;
16.3;?;Christian to Ashwin, no run wide length all, he slashes at it and missed. Lucky to get away with it;
16.2;1;Christian to Raina, 1 run short and wide now, cut away to deep point;
16.1;4;Christian to Raina, FOUR runs poor delivery at death. Length ball, 127ks, on leg, Raina punches it back over his head. Lands inches inside the boundary cushion. High elbow held for cameras;
9.6;?;Maxwell to Pathan, no run appeal for lbw as this short ball skids and stays low, but it is also headed down leg side;
9.5;1;Maxwell to Yuvraj, 1 run driven to long-on for a single;
9.4;1;Maxwell to Pathan, 1 run Pathan charges at him, mis-hits, which is just as well because it doesn't carry to long-on;
9.3;?;Maxwell to Pathan, no run looks for a vertical-bat pull, is beaten by the pace off the pitch;
9.2;1;Maxwell to Yuvraj, 1 run worked away off the pads;
9.1;1;Maxwell to Pathan, 1 run driven to long-on for one;
8.6;1;Hogg to Pathan, 1 run flighted generously, almost a yorker, dug out for a single to the right of short extra cover;
8.5;1;Hogg to Yuvraj, 1 run short of a length, quicker delivery, goes deep into the crease to get a single to long-on;
8.4;?;Hogg to Yuvraj, no run accurate length ball, no turn, defended back to him;
8.3;4;Hogg to Yuvraj, FOUR runs looked like a googly, but it didn't even land. The leg-side full toss has been smashed wide of long-on where Christian tried to do too much with it. He dived and also tried to lob it up for a relay throw, but failed to collect it first;
8.2;?;Hogg to Yuvraj, no run full now, driven to short extra cover again;
8.1;?;Hogg to Yuvraj, no run googly, too short, though, punched away, but in the air, and it falls just short of short extra cover;
15.6;W;Cummins to Dhoni, OUT pressure of dot balls there. This is a wide half-volley, might even have been called wide had he not driven at it. No feet means he is reaching out, and manages just a limp hit straight to extra cover;MS Dhoni c Bailey b Cummins 15 (21m 21b 2x4 0x6) SR: 71.42;
15.5;?;Cummins to Dhoni, no run another dot. Short of a length, quick, on off, no room, pushed back to him;
15.4;?;Cummins to Dhoni, no run cramped up for room, punched straight to straight extra cover;
15.3;2;Cummins to Dhoni, 2 runs slower bouncer, Dhoni waits and waits, and pulls it well for two. Well doe to Hogg, too, who charges to his right from fine leg, puts in a dive, keeps the ball in play;
15.2;?;Cummins to Dhoni, no run length ball, headed towards top of off, pushed to cover;
15.1;1;Cummins to Raina, 1 run short of a length, steered away to third man for one;
14.6;?;Hogg to Dhoni, no run and he ends it with another unread googly, which squares Dhoni up in defence. Good comeback from those five wides;
14.5;?;Hogg to Dhoni, no run no clue about the googly again, and even though is short, all he manages is an edge to point;
14.4;?;Hogg to Dhoni, no run no clue about that googly. Pitched on leg again, he plays for the turn, and is beaten comprehensively by the away turn;
14.4;5w;Hogg to Dhoni, 5 wide that's a bad delivery. Length ball, on leg, turning sharply in, for five wides;
14.3;?;Hogg to Dhoni, no run Dhoni plays a the cut, in front of square, can't beat extra cover;
14.2;1;Hogg to Raina, 1 run Raina reads this googly off the pitch, guides it into the leg side for one;
14.1;4;Hogg to Raina, FOUR runs misfielded. That's a little embarrassing by Aussie standards. Driven back at him, and through Hogg's legs. Straight through them. Warner puts in a desperate dive at long-off, but can't keep it in;
7.6;1;Cummins to Yuvraj, 1 run tucked away off the hip for a single;
7.5;?;Cummins to Yuvraj, no run bouncer again, healthy pace too, good over so far. Yuvraj sways out of the line here;
7.4;1;Cummins to Pathan, 1 run it's the bouncer again, but Pathan's mis-hit doesn't carry to deep midwicket. Top effort from Starc, though. A bit too quick for Pathan, but it never looks like carrying. Starc charges in, though, puts a full-length dive in, but reaches it on the half-volley;
7.3;2;Cummins to Pathan, 2 runs full, on off, goes off the outer half of the bat, a misfield from Warner at point costs them two runs;
7.2;W;Cummins to Kohli, OUT pace has done him in. This is one of the rare instances in recent times that Kohli has been done in comprehensively by a bowler. It's the pace and bounce again. Short, close to 143ks, his weight didn't go back as he pulled, and ended up skying it towards mid-off. Christian had to run to to his right, and put a slide in to complete the catch;Virat Kohli c Christian b Cummins 15 (18m 13b 2x4 0x6) SR: 115.38;
7.1;?;Cummins to Kohli, no run that's good pace. Short of a length, 142ks, getting to to bounce towards the chest, hits the top of the bat;
6.6;?;Hogg to Pathan, no run tossed up, this turns after pitching outside leg, beating his sweep. He won't even get a leg-bye here;
6.5;?;Hogg to Pathan, no run another shout, this one doesn't turn, though, and is sliding down leg. Pathan is playing for the turn, but is not quite getting it here, and has twice come close to being given out lbw;
6.4;?;Hogg to Pathan, no run huge shout for lbw short delivery, skids on, pitches leg, but doesn't straighten enough;
6.3;1;Hogg to Kohli, 1 run bowls a long hop, and has been pulled to deep midwicket;
6.2;1;Hogg to Pathan, 1 run gets the length and line better, on a length, middle and leg, turning away, worked into the leg side for one;
6.1;4;Hogg to Pathan, FOUR runs stars off with a big wide down the leg side, but Pathan sees an easy four for himself and guides this between the keeper and short fine leg;
5.6;?;Christian to Kohli, no run late-cuts this short ball, but can't get it past point;
5.5;4;Christian to Kohli, FOUR runs Kohli on the charge now, gets a wide length ball, drives it inside-out, past the desperate diving hand at extra cover;
5.4;1;Christian to Pathan, 1 run Pathan gives him the charge, he bowls the slower ball, Pathan guides it fine on the leg side, Watson makes a diving save at short fine leg;
5.3;1;Christian to Kohli, 1 run push-driven wide of mid-off for one;
5.2;1;Christian to Pathan, 1 run dragged from outside off, gets a single to mid-on;
5.1;1;Christian to Kohli, 1 run dabbed away to third man for one;
4.6;4;Watson to Pathan, FOUR runs top shot from Pathan again. Jumps out of the crease, makes room too, takes a length ball from off and lofts it over point. That's a difficult shot to play;
4.5;1;Watson to Kohli, 1 run short of a length, into the pads, worked away for an easy single;
4.4;1;Watson to Pathan, 1 run full, on the pads, flicked away for a single;
4.3;?;Watson to Pathan, no run drops this into the leg side, finds short midwicket;
4.2;6;Watson to Pathan, SIX runs allrounder to allrounder, Watson will not be pleased. Length ball, outside off, and Pathan has lofted him right over his head. An evidence of the batting talent;
4.1;1;Watson to Kohli, 1 run short of a length, middle and leg, worked away for one;
3.6;1;Starc to Kohli, 1 run full, on the pads, flicked away, Hogg makes another diving save, but can't prevent the single;
3.5;?;Starc to Kohli, no run pulled away, wide of mid-on, but Hogg makes a diving save. Australia on with their fielding game;
3.4;1;Starc to Pathan, 1 run pulled away off the front foot, gets a single to deep square leg;
3.3;1;Starc to Kohli, 1 run short of a length, on the pads, worked away for one;
3.2;4;Starc to Kohli, FOUR runs and he really can't do anything wrong. A decent delivery, short of a length, outside off, and he has punched it to the right of third man for four;
3.1;1;Starc to Pathan, 1 run pitched up, middle and leg, flicked away to deep square leg;
2.6;W;Cummins to Pathan, OUT great footwork from Cummins. Short of a length, gets a little big on him, he drops it just off the pitch and runs. On most occasions these result in singles, but Cummins has other ideas here. he strides towards the ball, and kicks it towards the stump, dislodging the bails a second before Gambhir's bat has slid in. Top work from Cummins;Gautam Gambhir run out (Cummins) 17 (12m 12b 3x4 0x6) SR: 141.66;
2.5;1;Cummins to Gambhir, 1 run dug it in, Gambhir backed away to steer it past point from outside leg;
2.4;?;Cummins to Gambhir, no run short of a length, punched away nicely, but can't beat point;
2.3;?;Cummins to Gambhir, no run more accurate now, on a length, middle and off, defended;
2.2;4;Cummins to Gambhir, FOUR runs and he angles it in too far with the fine leg up in the circle. Deftly glanced away by Gambhir. Minimum effort, four runs for the taking;
2.1;1;Cummins to Pathan, 1 run length ball, outside off, push-driven wide of mid-off;
1.6;?;Starc to Gambhir, no run another short and wide delivery, but this time it bounces a little extra and he finds the man at point;
1.5;4;Starc to Gambhir, FOUR runs short, wide enough, and he has steered this past point. Just guided past the man. Lovely timing;
1.4;1lb;Starc to Pathan, 1 leg bye short, skiddy, beats him for pace on the pull, but Pathan gets a leg-bye;
1.3;?;Starc to Pathan, no run length ball, angling in towards top of off, punched to mid-off;
1.2;1;Starc to Gambhir, 1 run length ball again, on the pads, worked away;
1.1;1;Starc to Pathan, 1 run length ball, angling in, pushed into the leg side for one;
0.6;1lb;Maxwell to Pathan, 1 leg bye full, on the pads, turns a little, beats a half-sweep, concedes a leg-bye;
0.5;1;Maxwell to Gambhir, 1 run full, on the pads, worked away to deep midwicket;
0.4;4;Maxwell to Gambhir, FOUR runs too full and high again, and he has square-driven this between cover and cover-point. There's no stopping this one, though;
0.3;?;Maxwell to Gambhir, no run this one is darted in, hits the inside edge on the way to the pad;
0.2;?;Maxwell to Gambhir, no run short of a length, cut away, but can't beat point;
0.1;2;Maxwell to Gambhir, 2 runs half-volley, driven nicely past cover, the batsmen think they have got four runs, but the ball slows up, and they jog through for two. Pathan wasn't even running to begin with. Will India regret this missed run in a last-ball finish?;

It's Irfan Pathan who is opening again with Gautam Gambhir. Funny how Pathan couldn't find a way to bat ahead of R Ashwin in Australia, but suddenly he is an opener. It's India's way, I think, of still having a specialist batsman at No. 7 and still playing five bowlers. Surprise from Australia too: Glenn Maxwell to bowl the first over. A slip in place, three man on the cut, and long-off is back
7.20pm Lot of reaction coming in about Sehwag. Kevin Pietersen just said he feels sorry for him. Sourav Ganguly backs the move, but he expects Sehwag to play a part in the coming games. The next big question now is, who will open with Gambhir? Ganguly says he is not a fan of Irfan Pathan as opener, and wants to see Virat Kohli open the innings. We will know who the opener is in 10 minutes
Meanwhile a reaction from Australia too. David Hussey's omission from the XI hasn't sat well with the Aussie fans. BJ writes in, "I really get the feeling that DEE HUSSEY is never going to get a start in this tournament, which is a real shame. How does one leave out the leading run-scorer in all forms of T20 cricket from a national side?"
Toss has now been advanced by five minutes, and India have won it, deciding to bat first. Also Sehwag has been left out to make way for the fifth bowler. Dhoni says all his spinners can "bat a bit", which made the decision slightly easier. India have three of those spinners now: Ashwin, Harbhajan and Chawla. Zaheer Khan and Irfan Pathan are the other two bowlers. This selection is completely out of character for Dhoni, which is actually a sign that he is not unnecessarily stubborn
Australia, meanwhile, are inconspicuous and unchanged
6.55pm Actually, news has come in that the toss for the next match has been delayed by 10 minutes. So you will have to wait for 15 more minutes to find out if Sehwag is playing or not
6.45pm Hussey has heaped hype upon this match, calling this a "grand final". We'll let that well outside off, and will welcome you to just another Super Eight game. The Premadasa pitches have miraculously changed nature, and lost grass and moisture. P Sainath was talking of subcontinent spinners when he wrote Everybody Loves A Good Drought. In Australia Everybody Loves A Good Draught, but that's plain bad word play.
India might start as favourites in this match because of the conditions, but there is no such thing in Twenty20. Even Pakistan huffed and puffed their way to a victory against South Africa.
India, though, have tough calls to make, and there has been big anticipation around one particular call. Will they play five bowlers and keep Virender Sehwag out? It's promise v efficiency here. Greg Chappell and Abhishek Purohit have weighed in here and here. Hussey is not the only one playing the hype game here, Dhoni has called this one of the toughest calls of his captaincy career.
Not nearly as difficult is the call you have to make to win a top-of-the-range Gray Nicolls Powerbow bat. Just predict which team will win this match, and you could walk away with it. We're giving away one of these, along with beach-cricket sets and shirts, every day. The India-Australia game qualifies for today's contest, England v New Zealand tomorrow, and India v Pakistan on Sunday
And for the next 15 minutes we leave Dhoni and Indian think tank to make their "toughest call"
 Innings Start
So India's proud record of not winning Super Eight match since the inception of the IPL remains untarnished. That's all we have from tonight, folks. Just an update on net run-rate: Australia have gone +2.506, and India -2.506. That almost rules out progression based on net run-rate. Remember India play the last game of the Group, so if it does come to it, India will know what exactly to do. That's a tough ask, though. Thanks for joining us. Wondering who is ever going to stop Watson in this tournament, this is Sidharth Monga signing off. Cheers
Presentation
"We need to analyse what really happened," says MS Dhoni. "We got off to a good start, but lost quick wickets, and we were not in a good situation to cash in. We were 20 short. Rain came just at the wrong time. Just after the wicket was rolled. The wet ball is not good for spinners. It was like bowling in England. That was the main reason we lost. We need to give them credit for the way they batted, but the ball was not stopping as it did in the first innings. And everybody it went into the outfield, the ball got wet. No spinner told me the ball is not wet. It's important to look at what mistakes what we have committed, but it is also important to get it out of the system. we will try to do that, but it will still be there, in some corner of our heart"
"It was impressive performance," says George Bailey. "Set up by some good bowling. Patty was outstanding, the best we have seen him bowl in this tournament so far. We were probably behind the eight ball after six overs but we came back very well. The absolute beauty of those two openers is, that when they are on, there are no better hitters. I don't think rankings matter when you get to the World Cup. As good as this win is, we have to be up and ready for South Africa"
"The last couple of games have been pretty good," says Shane Watson. "It's nice when things come together like this. Probably batting is a bit more enjoyable, when it is two of you against 11 of the opposition. That's probably more satisfying, but enjoying being an allrounder."
Warner and Maxwell hug each other. This is a huge win. More than five overs to spare. Imagine what it'll do to the run-rate situation. This is a good old-fashioned thrashing. Dhoni has got to be frustrated, although he is not showing it. There's a tweet going around, from Achettup: "India picked five bowlers, and used eight of them in less than 15 overs."
Australia enjoying it thoroughly. They have mauled India on a slow track after losing the toss. And before the start of the match, Australia were ranked No. 9 to India's No. 3
Watson is not quite the Kallis, but isn't he the Most Valuable Player in limited-overs cricket? Yet another emphatic performance from him: 3 for 34 with the ball and 72 off 42 with the bat. He has the most match awards, most wickets, most sixes, and is not far off most runs in this tournament
14.5;1;Ashwin to Maxwell, 1 run fitting end to the match. Zaheer at cover dives on this like London Bridge falling down, and lets it through for four;
14.4;?;Ashwin to Maxwell, no run slower now, flighted on off, defended to leg;
14.3;2;Ashwin to Maxwell, 2 runs carrom ball, wide outside off, punched to sweeper-cover;
14.2;?;Ashwin to Maxwell, no run offbreak now, off and middle, defended back;
14.1;?;Ashwin to Maxwell, no run Ashwin finally gets an edge with a carrom ball, but it falls short of slip;
13.6;?;Yuvraj to Warner, no run India will at least bowl another over. Yuvraj ensures it with a quicker flatter delivery, which Warner punches straight to extra cover;
13.5;4;Yuvraj to Warner, FOUR runs wide half-volley, slog-swept over midwicket. One shot away now;
13.4;1;Yuvraj to Maxwell, 1 run flighted, full toss, driven to long-on;
13.3;W;Yuvraj to Watson, OUT Yuvraj gets a wicket. Short of a length, Watson punches it, straight to Tiwary at short extra cover. Good for Tiwary, who finally gets to enter the field, if only as a substitute, and takes a catch immediately;Shane Watson c sub (MK Tiwary) b Yuvraj Singh 72 (55m 42b 2x4 7x6) SR: 171.42;
13.2;3;Yuvraj to Warner, 3 runs that's insult to injury. Yuvraj gets another edge, past keeper, through vacant slip region;
13.1;6;Yuvraj to Warner, SIX runs It might well be. He starts with a buffet full toss, and Warner has cleared deep midwicket with ease;
12.6;4;Rohit Sharma to Watson, FOUR runs full, on the pads, smacked away with a flick of the wrists, and it keeps travelling, beating deep midwicket;
12.5;1;Rohit Sharma to Warner, 1 run fifty for Warner too, with a punch down to long-off. He has heard a bit from Indian fielders, and is pretty satisfied with his effort. No Indian fielder near him now;
12.4;1;Rohit Sharma to Watson, 1 run Watson has missed out on a six. Full toss, on the pads, mis-hits the slog-sweep, gets just a single;
12.3;3;Rohit Sharma to Warner, 3 runs three more runs gifted by Chawla. Short of a length, on off, punched to extra cover, and it hits Chawla's hand and ricochets to wide of long-off;
12.2;1;Rohit Sharma to Watson, 1 run slog-sweeps this flat, and well short of deep midwicket;
12.1;2;Rohit Sharma to Watson, 2 runs short of a length, pulled away, gets a couple wide of long-on;
11.6;1;Yuvraj to Watson, 1 run full, middle and leg, driven to long-on for a quiet little single;
11.5;1;Yuvraj to Warner, 1 run flat outside off, punched to deep cover;
11.4;?;Yuvraj to Warner, no run flighted outside off, pushed to extra cover;
11.3;?;Yuvraj to Warner, no run tries the slog-sweep, but is beaten;
11.2;?;Yuvraj to Warner, no run;
11.1;?;Yuvraj to Warner, no run slow, very slow, and has he dropped it? Yes he has. Warner went to cut it hard, edged it, but it didn't stick in. Dhoni is not getting anything right here;
10.6;2;Kohli to Watson, 2 runs short of a length, hurrying onto him, pushed towards long-on, and they steal the second;
10.5;6;Kohli to Watson, SIX runs beautiful shot. Nothing brutal about it. Full, middle and leg, and he has lofted this dead straight. Just a caress;
10.4;?;Kohli to Watson, no run slow through the air again, defended solidly;
10.3;2;Kohli to Watson, 2 runs full toss, on the pads, driven to long-on;
10.2;?;Kohli to Watson, no run slow, legbreak, defended again;
10.1;?;Kohli to Watson, no run full, on off, inside edge into the pad;
9.6;1;Pathan to Watson, 1 run late-cuts again, and keeps strike;
9.5;2;Pathan to Watson, 2 runs late-cuts this for a couple, fine of third man;
9.4;4;Pathan to Watson, FOUR runs oh he has angled this well down leg with fine leg up. It's gone past that man for his fifty;
9.3;6;Pathan to Watson, SIX runs "Ridiculous bowling," says Mark Waugh, but hang on that has only gone into the second tier. Short again, and Watson is not going to let you get away with this;
9.2;6;Pathan to Watson, SIX runs that's into the third tier. Irfan is not even quarter the bowler with the old ball. why would you not give him the new swinging ball? This is short and a sitting duck. Don't bowl this to Watson;
9.1;?;Pathan to Watson, no run length ball, on middle and leg, angling towards off, defended back to him;
8.6;?;Harbhajan to Warner, no run short of a length, on off, gets a bottom edge on the cut;
8.5;1;Harbhajan to Watson, 1 run only slightly short, but Watson rocks back to pull this away;
8.4;1;Harbhajan to Warner, 1 run Harbhajan's most threatening delivery. The tppie that slides into the left-hand batsman. He got Morgan that way, but Warner gets his bat down in time;
8.3;6;Harbhajan to Warner, SIX runs if mis-hits are flying for sixes, imagine when he hits them clean. It goes deep towards the end of the stadium. This is carnage;
8.2;6;Harbhajan to Warner, SIX runs that's a bull-headed shot. Flighted outside off, played against the turn, mis-hit slightly, but he has enough power and bat behind it to clear deep midwicket;
8.1;?;Harbhajan to Warner, no run flighted, 85ks, pitches outside leg, beats his drive;
7.6;6;Chawla to Watson, SIX runs wide half-volley, Watson is not going to respect them. Slog-sweeps it dead straight for a flat six;
7.5;?;Chawla to Watson, no run slider, well bowled, accurate, Watson stays back to defend;
7.4;1;Chawla to Warner, 1 run slides with the angle again, cut away to deep cover;
7.3;?;Chawla to Warner, no run non-turner again, pitched on leg, defended off the back foot;
7.2;1;Chawla to Watson, 1 run not-turning legbreak, cut away to deep point;
7.1;6;Chawla to Watson, SIX runs welcome to the crease. You may as well give the red rag to a bull. Long hop, middle and leg, to Watson. Need I mention what happened after that?;
6.6;?;Harbhajan to Warner, no run this one doesn't turn after pitching off, hits the inside half of the bat;
6.5;?;Harbhajan to Warner, no run flighted this time, on off, defended with an open face;
6.4;4;Harbhajan to Warner, FOUR runs short again, 87ks, Warner rocks back too, and pulls this smack between long-on and deep midwicket;
6.3;1;Harbhajan to Watson, 1 run drags this short, Watson ricks back and pulls this to deep midwicket along the ground;
6.2;?;Harbhajan to Watson, no run flighted outside off, pretty slow through the air, defended well;
6.1;1;Harbhajan to Warner, 1 run length ball, outside ff, punched away to sweeper-cover;
5.6;?;Khan to Watson, no run another huge lbw shout, but without any swing this has to have pitched well outside leg. Zaheer doesn't find it amusing, though;
5.5;1;Khan to Warner, 1 run fuller, middle and leg, pushed to mid-on;
5.4;4;Khan to Warner, FOUR runs length ball, outside off, and he has driven this with an open face, and over point. India running away with it;
5.3;?;Khan to Warner, no run length ball on off, defended back to him;
5.2;?;Khan to Warner, no run huge shout, and he looked dead. Length ball, just outside off, skidding on, hits him in front of middle and leg. That was close, but Umpire Kettleborough thought it was headed down, but replays show he was dead. Kohli is not happy, and lets it be known through a popular Indian expletive;
5.1;4;Khan to Warner, FOUR runs short, wide, gentle pace, and he has punched it between cover and cover-point. An over too many for Zaheer?;
4.6;6;Ashwin to Watson, SIX runs this is a bit of rubbish from Ashwin. Another long hop, into the pads, and Watson has deposited it over midwicket;
4.5;2;Ashwin to Watson, 2 runs carrom ball outside off, late-cut past slip, gets a couple;
4.4;?;Ashwin to Watson, no run presses forward, goes deep into the crease to pull this, but finds midwicket;
4.3;6;Ashwin to Watson, SIX runs long hop outside leg, and there is no hope if you bowl that to Watson. He has pulled it over square leg. Doesn't matter if it is a carrom ball or a chess ball if you bowl that short;
4.2;?;Ashwin to Watson, no run the carrom ball, length ball, on leg, straightens, punched to straight midwicket;
4.1;1;Ashwin to Warner, 1 run makes room and pulls a dart to deep midwicket;
4.1;1w;Ashwin to Warner, 1 wide paused and delivers a flat wide down the leg side;
3.6;?;Khan to Watson, no run big lbw shout, but this is not swinging at all and is pitched at least a foot outside the line of leg;
3.5;?;Khan to Watson, no run short of a length, defended;
3.4;1;Khan to Warner, 1 run short of a length, 135ks, kicks at him, takes the shoulder of the bat, but it's wide enough of point;
3.3;?;Khan to Warner, no run walks down to Zaheer Khan who digs it in at 131ks and hits him in the ribs. No show of pain;
3.2;?;Khan to Warner, no run length ball, on off, shaping away a little, draws respect from Warner;
3.1;4;Khan to Warner, FOUR runs another incredible shot. All hands and wrists. Short of a lenght, no room, and he has punched it away past point. All the power coming in through the wrists;
2.6;?;Ashwin to Watson, no run sweeps, sweeps fine, but straight to short fine;
2.5;3;Ashwin to Warner, 3 runs incredible shot. Makes room to this delivery angling, takes it from well outside leg, and punches it between two cover fieldsmen. Chawla's chase allows an easy three;
2.4;?;Ashwin to Warner, no run angling in again, inside edge onto the pad;
2.3;?;Ashwin to Warner, no run another pause before delivering, Warner backs away to punch a flat delivery, but straight to cover;
2.2;?;Ashwin to Warner, no run pauses and delivers, turns it into the pads, pushed to square leg;
2.1;1;Ashwin to Watson, 1 run offbreak, middle and off, flicked away past midwicket for one;
1.6;?;Khan to Warner, no run short of a length, gets the width, goes hard at it, gets a bottom edge into the pitch;
1.5;1;Khan to Watson, 1 run length ball, on off, driven on the up, just to the left of Chawla, and they steal a single. Not many fielders would allow that;
1.4;?;Khan to Watson, no run short of a length, just outside off, angling away, beats his dab;
1.3;?;Khan to Watson, no run shaping in slightly, driven on the up, but straight to mid-off;
1.2;?;Khan to Watson, no run length ball, on off, pushed back to him;
1.2;1w;Khan to Watson, 1 wide big wide outside off, Watson tries to hit it, but can't;
1.1;2;Khan to Watson, 2 runs Sharma scored one run and has conceded two already. Pushed to cover, where Sharma doesn't go down, doesn't get behind the ball, and lets it through;
0.6;?;Ashwin to Warner, no run another slider, Warner gets an inside edge onto the pad, but all is safe;
0.5;?;Ashwin to Warner, no run the one that come in, Warner reads it off the pitch, but keeps it out;
0.4;4;Ashwin to Warner, FOUR runs flighted half-volley, tossed up generously, and Warner throws the bath tub at it, slogging it between the umpire and mid-on;
0.3;4;Ashwin to Warner, FOUR runs fullish and outside off, spinning away and that is carved through cover for four;
0.2;1;Ashwin to Watson, 1 run length ball on middle and leg, tapped towards mid-on for a single;
0.1;?;Ashwin to Watson, no run goes a bit away after pitching short of length, pushed to the off side;

Ashwin to bowl the first over. Watson on strike. One slip in place
 Innings Start
India
Australia
16th Match, Group 2 (N), Colombo (RPS), Sep 28 2012, ICC World Twenty20
140/7
141/1
Player of the match is Shane Watson, AUS
Australia won by 9 wickets (with 31 balls remaining)
