Data
Innings break Australia post a monstrous total. It was just third time Australia's top four have posted 50 or more in an ODI. It was set up by a huge opening stand of 134. Khawaja fell just short of a third ODI century. Finch and Marsh played well but Maxwell was electric making 70 from 33 balls. Usman Shinwari bowled magnificently to take 4 for 49 but the rest really copped some tap.
That is the second highest ODI score at Dubai International Cricket Stadium. It will take some chasing. Liam will be back to take you through the start of the chase.
Aron: "A monstrous total? It's big, but monstrous?" In that context, yes.
Shayaan : "Shinwari has bowled really well this series and Junaid has also took wickets so it's unfair to drop these two and it's really hard to see Amir in World Cup squad unless if Pakistan wants to go with an extra bowler or with experience, Amir could be brought in for Faheem who is out of form too. Amir Yameen is also an option."
Brownie: "It may be the third time Australia have had all the top 4 batters score 50 or more, but Australia lost both of the previous occasions that happened. How's that for an omen?"
49.6;2;Usman Shinwari to Behrendorff, 2 runs 140kph, full inswinging yorker, he pushes this out through cover-point, they run really well to get two;
49.5;2;Usman Shinwari to Behrendorff, 2 runs full and straight, he swings hard and gets a thick inside edge that flies behind square wide of fine leg and they sprint back for two;
49.4;1;Usman Shinwari to Kane Richardson, 1 run back of a length outside off, he swings hard, gets a thick inside edge that runs down to fine leg;
49.3;4;Usman Shinwari to Kane Richardson, FOUR runs full angled down leg, he glances this fine! Nice stroke. It was too straight from around the wicket, Richardson glanced this neatly to fine leg;
49.2;W;Usman Shinwari to Handscomb, OUT LBW! This looked plumb! He shuffled down a step and tried to swing a full ball over the leg side, he missed and was hit on the back leg infront of off stump. Fairly straight forward decision for the umpire. No review for Australia in any case;Peter Handscomb lbw b Usman Shinwari 8 (5b 1x4 0x6) SR: 160;
49.1;2;Usman Shinwari to Handscomb, 2 runs full yorker, he backs away and gets an inside edge that runs past lag stump and just past the diving Rizwan, they run well for two;
48.6;2;Junaid to Behrendorff, 2 runs full on leg stump, he whips this well behind square wide of fine leg for a couple;
48.5;W;Junaid to Carey, OUT LBW! Carey reviews . It was a good length, tailing in towards off, he tried to paddle it fine, it missed the bat and hit the pad infront of off stump. Michael Gough gave it out straight away. Ball tracking says it's hitting leg stump flush! It's out;Alex Carey lbw b Junaid Khan 0 (2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
48.5;5w;Junaid to Carey, 5 wide full toss fired way down the leg side and Rizwan stands no chance of stopping it! Five wides. An attempted leg stump yorker gone horribly wrong;
48.4;?;Junaid to Carey, no run 134kph, good length, tailing in, cramping him for room, he punches it back to the bowler;
48.3;W;Junaid to Maxwell, OUT Bowled him! Off stump sent flying! He tried the conventional ramp, but moved too far inside the line, Junaid fired full and straight and beat him for pace, it cannoned into off stump and sent it cartwheeling;Glenn Maxwell b Junaid Khan 70 (33b 10x4 3x6) SR: 212.12;
48.2;4;Junaid to Maxwell, FOUR runs reverse lap for four! Ridiculous skill! It was an attempted yorker, across the right hander, he angled the bat and reverse lapped it fine of short third man and he can't stop it!;
48.1;1;Junaid to Handscomb, 1 run thigh high full toss, he tried to smoke it over midwicket but he miscued dragging it to long on;
47.6;1;Usman Shinwari to Handscomb, 1 run 139kph, good length angled into middle and off, he sits back and chops this into the off side;
47.5;4;Usman Shinwari to Handscomb, FOUR runs cuts this behind point! What a shot! It was back of a length but tight to off, he leans back to create room and place this magnificently wide of third man!;
47.4;W;Usman Shinwari to Stoinis, OUT Bowled him! Didn't miss this time! Again he sits back deep in his crease, this is fires into to a good length from around the wicket, he leaves a gaping hole between bat and pad trying to punch it down the down the ground, gets a thin edge onto leg stump!;Marcus Stoinis b Usman Shinwari 4 (7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 57.14;
47.3;?;Usman Shinwari to Stoinis, no run beats the inside edge and just misses off stump! This was 137kph, angled in from around the wicket, he sat back and was beaten through the gate but it missed the stumps;
47.2;1;Usman Shinwari to Maxwell, 1 run full and wide of off, he opens the face and slices this through backward point but there is a sweeper on the rope;
47.1;1;Usman Shinwari to Stoinis, 1 run good length wide of off, he sits back and runs this to third man with control;
46.6;6;Haris Sohail to Maxwell, SIX runs shorter length, he backs away and flat bats this high to long off and it carries all the way! He didn't nail it but such is the power he can clear the fence off the back foot over long off;
46.5;1;Haris Sohail to Stoinis, 1 run shorter length, he's back and crunching this to long off;
46.4;1;Haris Sohail to Maxwell, 1 run he gives room and hammers this to long off;
46.3;4;Haris Sohail to Maxwell, FOUR runs switch hit behind point! He set up early for the switch hit, it was shorter length, he waited and roped it between point and short third man!;
46.2;1;Haris Sohail to Stoinis, 1 run punched down to long on;
46.1;?;Haris Sohail to Stoinis, no run tossed up on off, he's back and defending back to the bowler;
45.6;1;Junaid to Stoinis, 1 run back of a length, he stands tall and jabs this towards mid off;
45.5;1;Junaid to Maxwell, 1 run full on off, he sits back and punches this hard with the bottom hand down to long on on the bounce;
45.4;4;Junaid to Maxwell, FOUR runs short ball, hooked over short fine leg! He steps inside the line and hooks this off the top edge up and over short fine. 53 off 26 balls for Maxwell!;
45.3;?;Junaid to Maxwell, no run yorker outside off, he just digs this out back to the bowler, Junaid fields well in his follow through and fires at the striker's to ensure Maxwell has to scamper back;
45.2;4;Junaid to Maxwell, FOUR runs short ball, whacked over square leg for four! Too easy. This just sat up, he was back and waiting for it, he didn't time it but got enough of it to get to the rope;
45.1;W;Junaid to Marsh, OUT caught at mid off! What a diving catch by Abid Ali! But he's hurt his shoulder! It was a short ball banged in, it bounced very high, Marsh tried to flat bat it down the ground, it balloons off the splice and flies straight of mid on, Abid sprints to his left and dives full length to take a spectacular catch;Shaun Marsh c Abid Ali b Junaid Khan 61 (68b 5x4 1x6) SR: 89.7;
45.1;1w;Junaid to Marsh, 1 wide full toss fired way down the leg side. Attempted yorker went horribly wrong there;
44.6;1;Abbas to Marsh, 1 run full into leg stump, he drives firmly to long on;
44.5;?;Abbas to Marsh, no run 129kph, yorker, fired into leg stump, he jams it out to the bowler. Well bowled;
44.4;4;Abbas to Marsh, FOUR runs crunched inside out over cover! This was in the slot, he cleared the left leg and lasered this over cover! That was well struck;
44.3;?;Abbas to Marsh, no run full toss outside off, he tries to hammer this through point but misses;
44.2;1;Abbas to Maxwell, 1 run fuller length, he drives down to long off;
44.1;6;Abbas to Maxwell, SIX runs flat batted over long on! Incredible strength, it was banged in shorter, he comes at the bowler and flat bats it hard and just clears long on!;
43.6;2;Junaid to Marsh, 2 runs slower bouncer, he waits and pulls off the top edge, it flies high and just wide of short fine leg running to high right, they run well to get two;
43.5;1;Junaid to Maxwell, 1 run another slower ball, he sets himself with a wide base but miscues dragging it along the ground to deep midwicket;
43.4;?;Junaid to Maxwell, no run slower ball back of a length, he miscues this punching it on the bounce to mid off;
43.3;?;Junaid to Maxwell, no run slower ball bouncer, wide of off, he backs away too far and misses;
43.2;6;Junaid to Maxwell, SIX runs a check drive for six straight of long on! Unreal! It was a full toss. He just punched a short arm jab and held the follow through, it flew for six straight of long on!;
43.1;4;Junaid to Maxwell, FOUR runs top edge over the keeper's head! Good bouncer unrewarded. It was high and wide of off, he pulled hard but got a top edge that went up and over Rizwan and away for four more;
43.1;1w;Junaid to Maxwell, 1 wide full, attempted yorker is fired down leg and called wide;
42.6;1;Abbas to Maxwell, 1 run short slower ball, he has to sit back and wait and crack a pull shot to deep midwicket;
42.5;1;Abbas to Marsh, 1 run slower ball wide of off, he hammers this on the up through cover-point;
42.4;1;Abbas to Maxwell, 1 run reverse paddle sweep but picks out short third man! Maxwell is furious! It was the yorker as he predicted, played the reverse paddle perfectly but straight to the man for a single;
42.3;?;Abbas to Maxwell, no run he skips down and stays leg side, but Abbas bowls a good slower ball, back of a length to beat him as he swung hard;
42.2;2;Abbas to Maxwell, 2 runs full toss on leg, he whips this behind square, doesn't time it but picks the gap for two;
42.1;1;Abbas to Marsh, 1 run good length, he tries to drive but mistimes to cover and they get one;
41.6;4;Usman Shinwari to Maxwell, FOUR runs full toss and he angles the blade and slices this with supreme timing past backward point and it races away! Amazing skills from Maxwell;
41.5;?;Usman Shinwari to Maxwell, no run short ball, gets big on Maxwell as he tried to step inside the line and pull over midwicket. It got on him quickly as he miscued to the man in the circle;
41.4;?;Usman Shinwari to Maxwell, no run 140kph, yorker, brilliantly bowled. He tried to back away and was forced just to jam it out as it was a perfectly executed yorker on middle;
41.3;1;Usman Shinwari to Marsh, 1 run short ball, he plays the pull shot but miscues it dragging it to long on;
41.2;?;Usman Shinwari to Marsh, no run play and miss trying to square drive a length ball that skids past the edge at 140kph;
41.1;1lb;Usman Shinwari to Maxwell, 1 leg bye 141kph, length ball down leg, he tried the pick up flick again but it comes off the thigh guard and runs away for a leg bye;
40.6;1;Yasir Shah to Maxwell, 1 run fuller length, he sits back and punches down to long off;
40.5;4;Yasir Shah to Maxwell, FOUR runs short outside off, he cracks this cut past Shan for four! Brilliant placement. The power is incredible to beat the sweeper on the rope;
40.4;?;Yasir Shah to Maxwell, no run short outside off, he cracks a cut and Shan Masood makes a good stop at point;
40.4;1w;Yasir Shah to Maxwell, 1 wide leg break slid down the leg side and called wide;
40.3;4;Yasir Shah to Maxwell, FOUR runs another short ball, he's back and pulling squarer this time along the ground, Saad Ali runs around on the rope but his knee digs as he slides and he bounces over the ball! It rolls to the rope for four more!;
40.2;4;Yasir Shah to Maxwell, FOUR runs short and hammered over midwicket! Drag down leg break and Maxwell is back in a flash and smacking this over midwicket into the huge gap;
40.1;1;Yasir Shah to Marsh, 1 run short and wide, he cuts hard to deep cover-point;
39.6;?;Usman Shinwari to Maxwell, no run bouncer, 135kph, well directed, he ducks under it well;
39.5;2;Usman Shinwari to Maxwell, 2 runs fuller outside off, he slices this inside out past backward point for a couple wide of third man;
39.4;4;Usman Shinwari to Maxwell, FOUR runs should have been caught at fine leg! It was angled down leg from around the wicket, he flicked it in the air off his pads, the man was too far in off the rope at fine leg, it went over his head but landed inside the rope, one bounce four!;
39.3;W;Usman Shinwari to Khawaja, OUT caught at midwicket! The pressure got him! It was a good length, on off, he tried to whip it to the leg side but it held up in the surface, he chipped a leading edge straight to midwicket and presented a simple catch for Yasir;Usman Khawaja c Yasir Shah b Usman Shinwari 98 (111b 10x4 0x6) SR: 88.28;
39.2;?;Usman Shinwari to Khawaja, no run 134kph, fuller outside off, he drives but straight to mid off;
39.1;?;Usman Shinwari to Khawaja, no run good length, outside off, he drives on the up but picks out cover;
38.6;?;Abbas to Marsh, no run good length angled down leg, it comes off the thigh pad and Rizwan makes an excellent diving save to prevent extras;
38.5;?;Abbas to Marsh, no run slower ball, on middle, he can't do much other than just defend as it holds up in the surface;
38.4;?;Abbas to Marsh, no run 130kph, good length, cramping him on leg, he tucks this to midwicket;
38.3;?;Abbas to Marsh, no run 124kph, fuller wide of off, he drives firmly but straight to cover;
38.2;2;Abbas to Marsh, 2 runs good length, squares him up, he gets a thick outside edge that runs wide of backward point and they get two. 50 for Marsh;
38.1;1;Abbas to Khawaja, 1 run he strides out and drives on the up wide of cover but only gets one;
37.6;4;Imad Wasim to Marsh, FOUR runs too much width and he thrashes a square drive through point! Great timing to get the hands through it and pick the gap. It had so much power the sweeper stood no chance;
37.5;1lb;Imad Wasim to Khawaja, 1 leg bye quicker outside off, he is back trying to whip, he misses, it comes off pad and rolls away for a leg bye;
37.4;?;Imad Wasim to Khawaja, no run flatter on off, he's back turning this to midwicket;
37.3;?;Imad Wasim to Khawaja, no run very full outside off, he dead bats this defending to point;
37.2;1;Imad Wasim to Marsh, 1 run shorter length, he's back and punching this down to long on;
37.1;1;Imad Wasim to Khawaja, 1 run angled from wide of the crease to middle, he tucks this with the angle through square leg;
36.6;1;Abbas to Khawaja, 1 run slower ball again, he drives flowingly down to long on;
36.5;?;Abbas to Khawaja, no run 104kph, slower ball, he drives inside out but can't beat cover;
36.4;1;Abbas to Marsh, 1 run good length, off stump, he pushes this on the up to mid off for a single;
36.3;2;Abbas to Marsh, 2 runs short and wide and cut firmly through point for two more;
36.2;?;Abbas to Marsh, no run 129kph, good length, he tries to drive on the up but mistimes it dragging it to midwicket;
36.2;1w;Abbas to Marsh, 1 wide fired down leg and rightly called wide;
36.1;2;Abbas to Marsh, 2 runs short and wide and he cuts nicely past backward point, well placed and timed, the man runs around to keep it to two;
35.6;1;Imad Wasim to Marsh, 1 run fuller and he drives firmly to long on;
35.5;?;Imad Wasim to Marsh, no run skidding through, he defends from the crease;
35.4;1;Imad Wasim to Khawaja, 1 run he works this from middle and leg through forward square;
35.3;1;Imad Wasim to Marsh, 1 run drives firmly to long on;
35.2;?;Imad Wasim to Marsh, no run darted in and he drops the bat on it in defence;
35.1;6;Imad Wasim to Marsh, SIX runs skips out and launches him down the ground! Sensational strike;
34.6;1;Abbas to Marsh, 1 run slower cutter at just more than 104km/h, but it's read and pushed to cover for a single;
34.5;1;Abbas to Khawaja, 1 run a flicked drive sends the ball bouncing down to long on for one more;
34.4;4;Abbas to Khawaja, FOUR runs slugged to midwicket! Khawaja is into the 90s with a mow into the leg side off a length delivery. Plenty of bottom hand, and excellent timing;
34.3;1;Abbas to Marsh, 1 run Marsh angles his bat to get this one a little finer of Shan at point, and again it's stopped with a dive, but not quite cleanly enough to stop the single;
34.2;?;Abbas to Marsh, no run that's a better line, just outside off, and it's pushed to point where Shan Masood pulls off a diving stop;
34.1;4;Abbas to Marsh, FOUR runs glanced fine on the leg side, once again Abbas' line was drifting down the leg side and Marsh just needed to lay bat on this one;
34.1;1w;Abbas to Marsh, 1 wide Abbas stays around the stumps to the left-handers, but this one is angled too far down the leg side;
33.6;?;Imad Wasim to Khawaja, no run attempted reverse sweep from Khawaja, but it's a tired-looking one and he can't lay bat to ball;
33.5;1;Imad Wasim to Marsh, 1 run;
33.4;1b;Imad Wasim to Khawaja, 1 bye booming drive, but the ball spins in to beat the bat, the stumps and the keeper;
33.3;?;Imad Wasim to Khawaja, no run in the air, but safe! Khawaja was far too early into his legside flick, popping it tamely up into the air. Yasir made ground from midwicket and put in a dive, but he just couldn't get his fingers underneath it;
33.2;1;Imad Wasim to Marsh, 1 run Marsh drives powerfully down the ground to long on;
33.2;1w;Imad Wasim to Marsh, 1 wide hurled too far down the leg side, and that's wide;
33.1;?;Imad Wasim to Marsh, no run whipped into the leg side;
32.6;?;Abbas to Khawaja, no run tapped straight to cover once more to end the over;
32.5;?;Abbas to Khawaja, no run beaten on the inside edge! Abbas hits a length and Khawaja flicks past it, the ball not carrying to Rizwan. Was there an edge? There was definitely a sound;
32.4;?;Abbas to Khawaja, no run Abbas lobs down a slower cutter, just outside off, and Khawaja can't get this one past cover either;
32.3;?;Abbas to Khawaja, no run Khawaja whips his hands through a drive, on the up, but can't time or place it as he'd like;
32.2;1;Abbas to Marsh, 1 run Marsh pokes flat-footed from the crease, the ball coming off the inside half and rolling into space on the leg side;
32.1;?;Abbas to Marsh, no run he starts full, just outside off at 127km/h, and a drive is stopped in the covers;
31.6;2;Junaid to Khawaja, 2 runs flicked into a gap on the on side, down to long leg for a couple more;
31.5;?;Junaid to Khawaja, no run surprise bouncer! Khawaja was walking down at the bowler, but Junaid sends him ducking for cover with a short one;
31.4;?;Junaid to Khawaja, no run on a length and shaping in to him at 135km/h, Khawaja pushing it back to the bowler;
31.3;1;Junaid to Marsh, 1 run a touch too straight from Junaid, and Marsh works him through square leg;
31.2;?;Junaid to Marsh, no run full once more, and it's pushed to mid on;
31.1;1;Junaid to Khawaja, 1 run driven on the up and out to the cover sweeper;
30.6;1;Yasir Shah to Khawaja, 1 run flicked off the toes, into the leg side;
30.5;1;Yasir Shah to Marsh, 1 run nicely done by Marsh, lunging forward and placing the ball into the gap in front of point;
30.4;1;Yasir Shah to Khawaja, 1 run nurdled behind square for one more;
30.3;1;Yasir Shah to Marsh, 1 run Marsh uses his feet to get to the pitch, driving hard and Abbas stopping the shot at deep mid off;
30.2;1;Yasir Shah to Khawaja, 1 run flicked with the spin into the leg side;
30.1;1;Yasir Shah to Marsh, 1 run punched down to long on, off the back foot;
29.6;?;Junaid to Khawaja, no run short, and it's pulled quite hard but midwicket does a rather better job of stopping the shot than Yasir;
29.5;2;Junaid to Khawaja, 2 runs Khawaja looks to be proactive, swiping a length ball into the leg side, and Pakistan's poor day in the field continues as Yasir lets the ball through his legs at mid on to allow runs;
29.4;?;Junaid to Khawaja, no run he's forward this time to drive, but he can't beat cover;
29.3;?;Junaid to Khawaja, no run beaten outside off, Khawaja poking at the ball from the crease with little to no foot movement;
29.2;1;Junaid to Marsh, 1 run angled down to third man for one more;
29.1;1;Junaid to Khawaja, 1 run crunched out through cover, the sweeper keeping them to one;
28.6;?;Yasir Shah to Marsh, no run turned defensively into the leg side, another dot;
28.5;?;Yasir Shah to Marsh, no run Marsh comes forward, defending to cover;
28.4;?;Yasir Shah to Marsh, no run full, straight and it's pushed back to the bowler;
28.3;?;Yasir Shah to Marsh, no run and now it's Yasir's turn to dive, tumbling to his left to stop a Marsh drive;
28.2;?;Yasir Shah to Marsh, no run Marsh works with the spin, into the leg side, but a diving midwicket fielder stops the run;
28.1;1;Yasir Shah to Khawaja, 1 run nudged into the leg side, with the spin, to turn the strike over;
27.6;1;Junaid to Khawaja, 1 run worked through square leg, one more;
27.5;1;Junaid to Marsh, 1 run dead-batted to cover point, and they rush through for a chancy single. A direct hit might have been interesting;
27.4;?;Junaid to Marsh, no run nicely straight, and this one isn't quite there to drive, Marsh instead defending into the leg side as the ball tails gently in to him;
27.3;4;Junaid to Marsh, FOUR runs thumped down the ground, a powerful drive straight down the ground. And Junaid isn't happy, he seems to have hurt his fingers trying to stop the ball. A stinging blow, and it's to his left hand. But he's good to continue;
27.2;?;Junaid to Marsh, no run slightly wider outside off, but a firm back foot punch is intercepted at point;
27.1;?;Junaid to Marsh, no run and that's a good start from him, hitting a length in the channel to keep Marsh honest;
26.6;1;Yasir Shah to Marsh, 1 run nudged down close in on the leg side, and a quick single brings up the 150;
26.5;1;Yasir Shah to Khawaja, 1 run this isn't all that short, but Khawaja reads the length early, hopping back to pull to deep midwicket;
26.4;1;Yasir Shah to Marsh, 1 run driven down to long on for one;
26.3;?;Yasir Shah to Marsh, no run beaten outside off! Pushed through by Yasir, and the ball goes on straight to beat Marsh's defensive poke;
26.2;1;Yasir Shah to Khawaja, 1 run just short of Haris at midwicket! Khawaja is too early into his nurdle to leg, but the ball dips and bounces just in front of the fielder;
26.1;1;Yasir Shah to Marsh, 1 run floated up on off stump, and it's placed through point;
25.6;?;Usman Shinwari to Khawaja, no run nice finish to the over, on a length and aimed at the top of off, Khawaja pushing it to cover;
25.5;1;Usman Shinwari to Marsh, 1 run straighter, and he's worked into the leg side for a single;
25.4;4;Usman Shinwari to Marsh, FOUR runs Shinwari aims full again, and this time Marsh seizes on it to thread a neat little drive through the gap and away to the cover boundary;
25.3;?;Usman Shinwari to Marsh, no run that's a better line from Shinwari, threatening the stumps. Marsh hurries to keep it out;
25.2;?;Usman Shinwari to Marsh, no run full, and inviting the drive outside off, but it's stopped at cover;
25.1;1;Usman Shinwari to Khawaja, 1 run Shinwari offers a spot of width outside off and an angled blade brings a single to third man;
24.6;1;Yasir Shah to Khawaja, 1 run placed into the gap at point, and they amble through for another;
24.5;1;Yasir Shah to Marsh, 1 run whipped off the pads and down to fine leg;
24.4;?;Yasir Shah to Marsh, no run nicely flighted, and Yasir fields off his own bowling as it's pushed back to him;
24.3;2;Yasir Shah to Marsh, 2 runs width offered, and Shinwari fumbles his stop at backward point to allow Marsh to get off the mark with a cut;
24.2;?;Yasir Shah to Marsh, no run very full, on off stump, and Marsh can't get it past mid off. He wants a single, but he's sent back - and wisely so;
24.1;1;Yasir Shah to Khawaja, 1 run;
23.6;?;Usman Shinwari to Marsh, no run fuller still at 140.8km/h, and it's dug out back to the bowler;
23.5;?;Usman Shinwari to Marsh, no run Shinwari maintains a testing line, aiming for off stump, and Marsh is forward to defend;
23.4;?;Usman Shinwari to Marsh, no run fuller this time, in the channel around off stump at 142km/h, and it's defended to point;
23.3;?;Usman Shinwari to Marsh, no run Shinwari hits a splice-jarring length outside off, Marsh fending from the crease;
23.2;W;Usman Shinwari to Finch, OUT bowled off his pads! Shinwari steams in and angles a length ball in to Finch, who swipes at it from the crease. But the angle, and a little seam movement, means ball beats bat, ricocheting off the pads and into the stumps;Aaron Finch b Usman Shinwari 53 (69b 2x4 2x6) SR: 76.81;
23.1;1;Usman Shinwari to Khawaja, 1 run flicked off the straight and into the leg side for a single;
23.1;1w;Usman Shinwari to Khawaja, 1 wide hurled down the leg side, and he'll have to bowl that one again;
22.6;1;Yasir Shah to Khawaja, 1 run full, outside off, and it's driven out to the cover sweeper;
22.5;?;Yasir Shah to Khawaja, no run very full and nicely straight, Khawaja driving it back to the bowler;
22.4;1;Yasir Shah to Finch, 1 run Finch's turn to work the ball into the leg side this time, turning the strike back over as Yasir strays too straight;
22.3;1;Yasir Shah to Khawaja, 1 run for the umpteenth time, Khawaja milks a single off his legs into the leg side;
22.2;1;Yasir Shah to Finch, 1 run Finch is down the track this time, driving through mid off for a single;
22.1;?;Yasir Shah to Finch, no run legbreak, and Finch can't find the gap at cover. He's audibly annoyed at himself for missing out on the width;
21.6;?;Usman Shinwari to Khawaja, no run Khawaja aims for another cut through point, but he can't beat the field and Shinwari's comeback over is a good one;
21.5;1;Usman Shinwari to Finch, 1 run just short of a length, and Finch hops to glance off his hip to fine leg;
21.4;?;Usman Shinwari to Finch, no run Finch whips his hands through a length delivery, inside edging it into the leg side;
21.3;?;Usman Shinwari to Finch, no run straighter this time, and Finch can only push it back to him;
21.2;?;Usman Shinwari to Finch, no run there's a speculative appeal as Shinwari bustles in and angles one in from around the stumps, hitting Finch on the front pad, but it's clearly headed down the leg side;
21.1;1;Usman Shinwari to Khawaja, 1 run some width to start, and it's chopped through point;
20.6;1;Yasir Shah to Khawaja, 1 run worked into the leg side for one more;
20.5;3;Yasir Shah to Finch, 3 runs Imad drifts down the leg side and Finch helps the ball on its way, very fine on the leg side. It's hunted down close to the rope, but they're back for a third and Finch has his fourth fifty-plus score of the series;
20.4;?;Yasir Shah to Finch, no run pushed to mid off, where the fielder is up;
20.3;?;Yasir Shah to Finch, no run punched firmly, but straight at the cover fielder;
20.2;1;Yasir Shah to Khawaja, 1 run good follow-up from Khawaja, turning the strike over with a single after the big shot;
20.1;4;Yasir Shah to Khawaja, FOUR runs Yasir gets his length slightly off and it's just a bit short, Khawaja hopping back and thumping a pull in the air and right in the gap on the leg side;
19.6;1;Imad Wasim to Khawaja, 1 run whipped through square leg, easy as you like, and they amble through for one more;
19.5;1;Imad Wasim to Finch, 1 run Finch works across his pad to find a single through square leg;
19.4;1;Imad Wasim to Khawaja, 1 run pitched full, with the drift taking it wide of off and prompting an airy slash through point from Khawaja. No fielder there, so a single is the result;
19.3;1;Imad Wasim to Finch, 1 run just too full, and Finch drives to long on;
19.2;?;Imad Wasim to Finch, no run Imad aims straight, giving Finch nothing to work with, and the ball is pushed back to the bowler;
19.1;1lb;Imad Wasim to Khawaja, 1 leg bye glanced quite fine towards short fine leg, just the one;
18.6;?;Yasir Shah to Finch, no run flatter and quicker at almost 95km/h, and Finch can't quite thread it through cover;
18.5;1;Yasir Shah to Khawaja, 1 run milked in front of square on the leg side, and Australia keep ticking;
18.4;1;Yasir Shah to Finch, 1 run pushed down to long on for one more;
18.3;1;Yasir Shah to Khawaja, 1 run reverse sweep, and it doesn't have the beating of short third man but there's room for a quick single;
18.2;1;Yasir Shah to Finch, 1 run deep cover is brought into the circle, encouraging a drive, but Finch is wise to the plan, picking the googly and opting instead for a single down the ground;
18.1;1;Yasir Shah to Khawaja, 1 run just a shade short, outside off, and Khawaja collects one more with a back foot punch;
17.6;1;Imad Wasim to Khawaja, 1 run clipped firmly into the leg side, but there's protection at the deep midwicket boundary;
17.5;1;Imad Wasim to Finch, 1 run pushed down the ground for a single;
17.4;?;Imad Wasim to Finch, no run pushed into space at cover, and as Finch wanders out looking for a run a sharp throw comes in, sending him scurrying (safely) home;
17.3;1;Imad Wasim to Khawaja, 1 run whipped off the pads for one more;
17.2;1;Imad Wasim to Finch, 1 run Imad corrects and aims fuller, Finch clipping him through square leg for a single;
17.1;4;Imad Wasim to Finch, FOUR runs Finch stands tall and thumps through extra cover, hitting it on the up and all the way to the cover boundary to raise the team hundred;
16.6;1;Yasir Shah to Finch, 1 run Finch comes forward to drive down the ground, retaining the strike;
16.5;2;Yasir Shah to Finch, 2 runs he flicks this in the air over wide long on, Amir is on as a sub, he gets there on the bounce and knocks it down to save a boundary but he has hurt himself;
16.4;?;Yasir Shah to Finch, no run 89kph leg break on off, he defends on the front foot;
16.4;1w;Yasir Shah to Finch, 1 wide 91kph, leg break fired down leg, he misses the sweep but called wide;
16.3;1;Yasir Shah to Khawaja, 1 run slower leg break, he works this forward of square and they pinch a tight one, Shan has a chance but Finch just beats the throw;
16.2;4;Yasir Shah to Khawaja, FOUR runs skips down and lifts this with the spin over midwicket! Superb footwork, hitting with the spin with control over midwicket for four!;
16.1;1;Yasir Shah to Finch, 1 run shorter leg break, 84kph, he sits back and knocks this down the ground to long on;
15.6;?;Imad Wasim to Khawaja, no run darted down leg, he tries to paddle sweep fine and is hit on the pad but it's outside the line;
15.5;1;Imad Wasim to Finch, 1 run shorter length, outside off, he stands tall and punches off the back foot to long off;
15.4;1;Imad Wasim to Khawaja, 1 run good length outside off, he sits back and knocks this to the gap at point;
15.3;?;Imad Wasim to Khawaja, no run backs away, this is shorter, he tries to cut and misses and it is not far from off stump;
15.2;1;Imad Wasim to Finch, 1 run drifting into leg quicker, he whips this along the ground through square leg;
15.1;6;Imad Wasim to Finch, SIX runs a pick up flick over midwicket and into the stands! Amazing shot! It drifted into his arc, he got a good stride in and flicked it with the angle up and over deep midwicket;
14.6;?;Yasir Shah to Khawaja, no run leg break on middle and leg, he works this straight to midwicket;
14.5;1;Yasir Shah to Finch, 1 run shorter on leg stump, he's back and working this behind square for a single;
14.4;?;Yasir Shah to Finch, no run jumps down early, nowhere near the pitch and is taken on the pad;
14.3;?;Yasir Shah to Finch, no run he's back to a slider and defending;
14.2;?;Yasir Shah to Finch, no run he charges down the track and mistimes this dragging it to midwicket. He wanted a piece of that;
14.1;2;Yasir Shah to Finch, 2 runs 86kph, leg break, drifting into leg, he tucks this behind square and immediately calls two. Well placed;
13.6;1;Imad Wasim to Finch, 1 run tossed up outside off, he drives neatly to wide long off;
13.5;?;Imad Wasim to Finch, no run fuller on middle, he drives firmly to mid on;
13.4;1;Imad Wasim to Khawaja, 1 run tossed up on middle, he works this through forward square to bring up his 50;
13.3;1lb;Imad Wasim to Finch, 1 leg bye darted into leg stump, it comes off the front pad and runs to square leg for a leg bye;
13.2;1;Imad Wasim to Khawaja, 1 run looped up on off, he caresses this with the bottom hand working it to long on;
13.1;?;Imad Wasim to Khawaja, no run tossed up outside off, he waits and drives firmly straight to mid off;
12.6;1;Usman Shinwari to Khawaja, 1 run 132kph, short and wide of off, he is up on his toes getting on top of the bounce and punching it to deep cover-point;
12.5;?;Usman Shinwari to Khawaja, no run 134kph, back of a length outside off, he is back and whipping this to mid on;
12.4;4;Usman Shinwari to Khawaja, FOUR runs well directed short ball pulled fine! Cleverly done by Khawaja. It was well directed but he got inside the line, rolled the wrists and pulled it fine for four;
12.3;?;Usman Shinwari to Khawaja, no run 137kph, short but not that wide, he leans back trying to cut hard but chops a bottom edge into the off side;
12.2;?;Usman Shinwari to Khawaja, no run fuller outside off, he drives flowingly but straight to mid off;
12.1;?;Usman Shinwari to Khawaja, no run back of a length, it skids on as he tries to pull, it hits the back thigh pad and rolls to gully;
11.6;?;Imad Wasim to Finch, no run drifting into leg, he glances this fine but straight to the man on the circle at short fine;
11.5;1;Imad Wasim to Khawaja, 1 run shorter length, he stands up and punches hard off the back foot to deep cover-point;
11.4;4;Imad Wasim to Khawaja, FOUR runs delightful late cut fine of short third man! It was the same delivery but he didn't try and lace it, he just used the pace and ran it fine of short third man and it raced away;
11.3;?;Imad Wasim to Khawaja, no run play and miss trying to cut a ball that skidded on low wide of off;
11.2;2;Imad Wasim to Khawaja, 2 runs full on leg, he's down early and paddle sweeping this fine, there's a man back so they only get two;
11.1;?;Imad Wasim to Khawaja, no run fuller on off, he drives back to the bowler;
10.6;1;Usman Shinwari to Khawaja, 1 run 136kph, back of a length outside off, he's up on his toes and punching nicely to deep cover-point;
10.5;?;Usman Shinwari to Khawaja, no run short and wide and beats him for pace as he tries to flash a cut shot;
10.4;1lb;Usman Shinwari to Finch, 1 leg bye 142kph, shorter length angled into leg, it comes off the thigh pad and bounces away for a leg vye;
10.3;?;Usman Shinwari to Finch, no run good length, fourth stump line, he defends on the front foot;
10.2;1;Usman Shinwari to Khawaja, 1 run good length wide of off, he runs this neatly down to third man;
10.1;1;Usman Shinwari to Finch, 1 run full, 143kph, into middle and off, he pushes this slowly to mid on and calls immediately for one;
9.6;?;Imad Wasim to Khawaja, no run beaten trying to run this down to third man as it slid across him;
9.5;1;Imad Wasim to Finch, 1 run shorter length, he's back and punching this to long on;
9.4;1;Imad Wasim to Khawaja, 1 run fuller outside off, he drags a drive to long on across the line;
9.3;?;Imad Wasim to Khawaja, no run darted into middle, he drives back to the bowler;
9.2;?;Imad Wasim to Khawaja, no run darted into leg stump, he paddle sweeps to short fine;
9.1;1lb;Imad Wasim to Finch, 1 leg bye drifting into leg stump, he turns this towards square leg off the front pad;
8.6;?;Usman Shinwari to Khawaja, no run back of a length, he's back and punching this to mid off;
8.5;1;Usman Shinwari to Finch, 1 run good length, fifth stump line, he sits back and runs this to third man with ease;
8.4;1;Usman Shinwari to Khawaja, 1 run short and wider, 139kph, he sits back and late cuts nicely to third man;
8.3;?;Usman Shinwari to Khawaja, no run 139kph, good length angled into off, he whips this towards midwicket but can't find the middle of the bat;
8.2;?;Usman Shinwari to Khawaja, no run fuller, 139kph, on off, he drives mistiming this to mid off;
8.1;?;Usman Shinwari to Khawaja, no run good length, 138kph, angled into off, he defends from the crease pushing to cover;
7.6;?;Imad Wasim to Finch, no run drifting into leg, he is back and trying to work it square but gets a leading edge;
7.5;?;Imad Wasim to Finch, no run flatter and straighter on middle, he punches back to the bowler;
7.4;?;Imad Wasim to Finch, no run shorter again, he drives off the back foot but can't beat point;
7.3;?;Imad Wasim to Finch, no run shorter length, 94kph, he's back and punching to mid off;
7.2;?;Imad Wasim to Finch, no run skips down but is beaten in flight and taken on the pad;
7.1;?;Imad Wasim to Finch, no run darted into off, he is forward and defending;
6.6;1;Abbas to Finch, 1 run 130kph, good length on odd, he pushes this with soft hands forward of point and they run well to get one;
6.5;?;Abbas to Finch, no run full outside off, he smokes a drive as hard as he can straight to mid off;
6.4;?;Abbas to Finch, no run fuller outside off, he drives firmly but can't beat cover;
6.3;6;Abbas to Finch, SIX runs launched over long on! What a strike! It was a length ball and he took one stride down and lifted this powerfully through the line over the sight screen! Magnificent from Finch;
6.2;1;Abbas to Khawaja, 1 run full on leg, 129kph, he clips this easily to fine leg for one;
6.1;?;Abbas to Khawaja, no run good length outside off, he drives mistiming it back to the bowler, Abbas swivels and throws back at the striker's and hits Khawaja on the pad. It's all fine though. Abbas apologises straight away;
6.1;1w;Abbas to Khawaja, 1 wide full and way wide of off at 123kph, it's wide of the guideline and called;
5.6;?;Junaid to Finch, no run leading edge lands safely well short of cover. It was an off cutter slower ball on leg, he tried to close the face and work it through midwicket, gets a leading edge but gets away with it;
5.5;3;Junaid to Khawaja, 3 runs back of a length, fourth stump line, he's back and whipping this forward of square, again finding the gap for three more;
5.4;4;Junaid to Khawaja, FOUR runs opens the face and runs this to fine third man! Excellent batting. It was a good length well wide of off, he waited, opened the face and ran it along the ground past the floating slip with control and third man is too wide to cut it off;
5.3;4;Junaid to Khawaja, FOUR runs whipped away magnificently through midwicket! This was sumptuous. Too full and straight and with those magic wrists he clipped it firmly through the gap. Lovely shot.;
5.2;1;Junaid to Finch, 1 run shorter length, he punches off the back foot slowly to mid off and runs with the stroke, the man is deep on the circle and they get through easily;
5.1;?;Junaid to Finch, no run 134kph, shorter length on leg, he hangs back and punches this straight to midwicket;
4.6;?;Abbas to Khawaja, no run shorter length, cramped for room, he tries to whip behind square but it taken on the thigh pad;
4.5;4;Abbas to Khawaja, FOUR runs thick outside edge flies to fine third man! No slip in. He got a big stride in and drove really hard on the up at a wide delivery and the thick edge flies away to third man;
4.4;?;Abbas to Khawaja, no run good length, he cracks a drive on the rise to cover;
4.3;2;Abbas to Khawaja, 2 runs good length, off stump, he whips this with the bottom hand through forward square for two more;
4.2;4;Abbas to Khawaja, FOUR runs flicks a pull shot wide of fine leg! This was not that short but but he just flicked a pull shot with brilliant timing behind square. Excellent shot;
4.2;1w;Abbas to Khawaja, 1 wide short and angled well down the leg side and called wide;
4.1;?;Abbas to Khawaja, no run good length angled into off, he drives on the up to mid on;
3.6;?;Junaid to Finch, no run back of a length, he hangs back and punches to mid off;
3.5;4;Junaid to Finch, FOUR runs top edge flies over the keeper! This was a 135kph, bouncer, it surprised him for bounce and pace, he tried to pull and got a top edge straight over the keeper's head! Well bowled. Deserved better;
3.4;?;Junaid to Finch, no run 133kph, good length outside off, he drives on the up to mid off;
3.3;?;Junaid to Finch, no run 135kph, back of a length, he hangs back and tries to hammer this down the ground but gets a thick inside edge into the thigh pad;
3.2;1;Junaid to Khawaja, 1 run 134kph, short and wide, he hammers a cut shot and Shan Masood makes a great diving save to his right to knock it down but he can't prevent one;
3.1;1;Junaid to Finch, 1 run back of a length, outside off, he punches firmly off the back foot to cover, again Akmal misfields and allows one;
2.6;1;Abbas to Finch, 1 run 126kph, good length, he defends towards mid off and takes off for a quick single, he judged it well as it just got past Umar Akmal racing in from cover;
2.5;?;Abbas to Finch, no run 128kph, fuller length wide of off, he drives firmly but straight to mid off;
2.4;3;Abbas to Khawaja, 3 runs he walks down the track to a good length ball and whips this with fast hands working it forward of square, fine leg had to run a long way around to cut it off but they get three;
2.3;?;Abbas to Khawaja, no run good length, off stump, he clips this neatly but straight to mid on;
2.2;?;Abbas to Khawaja, no run 127kph, wider of off, he reaches out and drives but mistimes it to mid off;
2.1;?;Abbas to Khawaja, no run 128kph, good length, fourth stump line, he checks his drive pushing this to cover-point;
1.6;?;Junaid to Finch, no run 131kph, good length top of off, he stands tall in the crease and punches firmly back to the bowler;
1.5;?;Junaid to Finch, no run back of a length outside off, he hangs back and punches this to mid off;
1.4;2;Junaid to Finch, 2 runs 135kph, back of a length, he tries to whip off the hip, gets a thick inside edge onto thigh pad and it runs fine of third man, they run well to get two;
1.3;?;Junaid to Finch, no run fuller outside off, he drives on the up firmly to mid off;
1.2;?;Junaid to Finch, no run back of a length outside off, he defends off the back foot;
1.1;2;Junaid to Finch, 2 runs 129kph, full outside off, he drives neatly to cover and a misfield allows for two. That was a bad miss from Umar Akmal;
0.6;4;Abbas to Khawaja, FOUR runs full on leg stump and Khawaja cashes in clipping this beautifully behind square with superb timing and it races away;
0.5;2;Abbas to Khawaja, 2 runs 131kph, good length, he walks down the track towards the length and drives stylishly through cover-point, timing it nicely for two;
0.4;?;Abbas to Khawaja, no run 126kph, fuller length, he drives elegantly but straight to cover who is reasonably close;
0.3;?;Abbas to Khawaja, no run fuller length, hint of shape away, he drives on the up to mid on;
0.2;?;Abbas to Khawaja, no run 129kph, good length, angled across the left-hander and he lets it go;
0.1;?;Abbas to Khawaja, no run 127kph, good length, fourth stump line, he pushes on the front foot working it to mid on;

The umpires and the Australian openers head to the middle. The Pakistan team come out now. Abbas will open the bowling today. Usman Khawaja on strike.
2.50pm Ten minutes away from the start. Glenn Maxwell plays in his 100th ODI today. A nice milestone for a man who has been much maligned despite his ridiculous match-winning ability.
The pitch looks dry again. Very similar to Friday. It's 33 degrees. Dew will again be a factor in the evening.
stuart: "Aus is doing that thing again - backing their allrounder to the hilt. Stoinis is a wonderful player but Turner deserves another chance. " They want the extra bowling option Stuart. Turner can't bowl due to his shoulder issues. But I agree that he deserved more opportunities.
Fraz: "Really confused as to what this means for Amir's WC chances. As poor as he has been from a wicket taking point of view, his economical bowling is a key part of our attack especially when we're looking to strangle the opposition. Will he now even make it into the squad for the England ODIs or is Mickey resting him to weigh up Shinwari, Junaid and Abbas for the 4th seamer slot?" I don't think he's been rested to be honest.
Jawad Satti: "One more good knock today and Abid Ali will cement his place in World cup 11 as a backup opener. Meanwhile, Today's match is also the last chance for Umer Aklmal to make any kind of impact. "
2.30pm Toss Pakistan have won the toss and will bowl first.
Imad Wasim is captaining the side again today. Mohammad Abbas comes in to replace Mohammad Hasnain.
Australia has made one change with Jason Behrendorff replacing Nathan Coulter-Nile.
Teams Pakistan: Shan Masood, Abid Ali, Haris Sohail, Saad Ali, Umar Akmal, Imad Wasim (c), Mohammad Rizwan (wk), Yasir Shah, Usman Shinwari, Junaid Khan, Mohammad Abbas
Australia: Aaron Finch (c), Usman Khawaja, Shaun Marsh, Peter Handscomb, Glenn Maxwell, Marcus Stoinis, Alex Carey (wk), Nathan Lyon, Adam Zampa, Kane Richardson, Jason Behrendorff
Irfan: "Turner should play this game, the only unlucky one up-to now to not get a game in both squads!" He has not played at all since the India series where his freakish innings in Mohali turned the series around.
Haris: "Any news regarding Shoaib Malik? " He is not playing again. Obviously his bruised ribs have not recovered.
Usman Khan: "This is not good with M.Amir, if he's struggling with his form, he should have given chances to play in this series. He only played one game! "
2pm Good afternoon and welcome to Dubai for the 5th and final ODI between Pakistan and Australia. The visitors are chasing a clean sweep after pinching the 4th ODI on Friday in remarkable fashion. Pakistan are still experimenting with their reserve players.
Here is Danyal Rasool's preview.
It's Alex Malcolm in commentary with you today and Liam Brickhill will be joining us later on.
Australia's win in the fourth ODI was just the fourth time in the format's history a side had defended a total despite two opposition batsmen scoring centuries.
Glenn Maxwell was outstanding in game four and coach Justin Langer has challenged the Australian all-rounder to try and elevate his game to the level of Virat Kohli.
Mustafa Moudi: "Dont understand whats the need of always comparing your talented players with Kohli. Ponting last year said Khawaja will outscore Kohli in Test but in reality Khawaja failed miserably. But the same Khawaja, actually outscored Kohli (and every player) when no such comparison was made (in ODIs in India). Moral: Dont pressurize players by comparing with the Best. Maxwell can only be Maxwell not Kohli, Bradman, Lara Etc !!"
Joji: "Where has Mohammad Amir gone? Is he still among Mickey Arthur's World Cup plans? Or his 5 wickets in the last 14 ODIs is simply like 'enough is enough'" Here is what Mickey Arthur had to say about Mohammad Amir after game two.
Some team news from the ground. It looks like Jason Behrendorff might be back for Australia after missing the last game with gastro. Who he replaces remains to be seen.
Aayushman: "Quite happy to see Australia back to winning ways. At the same time, hard to believe that this is the same Australian side that got trounced by England last year." It is a slightly different side Aayushman. A lot more settled with Khawaja and Finch at the top, Maxwell in form and a more rounded attack.
Shahrukh Hayat: "Pakistan should try Junaid and Amir together. Amir needs a great bowler at the other end. if you look at his records he has always performed better with Junaid and Asif at the other end. Pakistan needs Junaid in England. teh attack changed as soon as the replaced Wahab with Junaid."
hadi: "For people calling for Saf to up his batting like Riz has so far, need to realize Saf comes really down the order. If he comes up where Riz has then there's a hope he'll spend time at the crease and up his game. I'm sure he'll be eager to though, as Riz is making a case for slotting in middle order." Mohammad Rizwan has played very well in this series.
 Innings Start
10.40pm Australia complete a 5-0 sweep with a 20-run win - their 8th in a row. Their total was set up by their top order, with Finch, Marsh and Maxwell all passing fifty and Khawaja narrowly missing out on his hundred. Pakistan lost Abid Ali in the very first over, and though Shan Masood reached fifty and Haris Sohail made a career-best 130 at better than a run a ball, they just didn't have enough in the tank to get past Australia's 327 for 7. Imad Wasim also reached fifty, but by the time he was at entered the game was already slipping away, and Australia's bowlers kept things tight to wrap things up.
Sohaib Ahmed: "Although Pakistan lost this series badly but it has been an eye opener for the players and coaches and will give enough to ponder on before the England series and the World Cup."
Kashif Qamar: "Maxwell is the only difference between both teams. Pak needs good allround power hitter badly."
Arif Chaudhry: "Pak needs a real finisher like Abdul Razzaq"
Jeevan: "read alot of comments saying Maxi was the difference in both the sides, are you guys forgetting about the australian opening pair. Finch scoring 451 and Khawaja with 272."
"It's very satisfying," says Australia coach Justin Langer. "We came here in September and Pakistan showed us how to play cricket. We worked really hard in the summer to turn it around, and 5-0 is a great result. Playing spin bowling has been a problem for a long time, but we've worked very hard and put some great plans into place. Everyone in world cricket is working towards the world cup, and it's always nice to go into the tournament with confidence. We've got some now."
Yet again, Glenn Maxwell is the Player of the Match: "It was nice to get involved. Our batting group did a great job. The team performance has been outstanding. To have this consistency leading into the world cup is great."
"The way Haris played is fantastic," says Imad Wasim. "Two hundreds in four games. He's worked really hard on his fitness, and it's paid off. Shan also played really well. No matter what players are playing, 5-0 is a bad loss. But we have to chin up as we have a series coming up against England and the World Cup. We'll sit down and see what we have to do, and then do it. We'll work on fielding and fitness. We also need to take initiative and play attacking cricket. After 17 years of struggle, Abid Ali showed his class in the last game. Same as Rizwan. If they keep playing like this, they can be superstars. No matter who is playing, they have to show their 'A' game. It's a big loss for us, but we'll come back hard in the next series."
Aaron Finch is the Player of the Series: "The way everyone contributed throughout the series was fantastic," says Finch. "The difference in 15, 20 runs tonight was the fielding. Our boys had a tremendous night in the field. everyone has played a really good role, so the selectors have a hard job to select that World Cup squad. My own process didn't change a lot, I've just changed a couple of things technically over the last couple of weeks. They didn't quite work at first, but when you try new things they take some time. It was tough. India had the better of me. Khawaja, his last couple of months in white ball cricket have been great, and he lead from the front in india. I was disappointed he didn't get a hundred here, he played a great knock. There's always room for improvement. One real positive it the way our spinners have bowled. The next couple of weeks will be important for guys to refocus and recharge their batteries. We'll go to the World Cup with a lot of confidence now, even after a lot of people wrote us off."
And that's all from your commentary team tonight. Please do check Danyal Rasool's match report before you leave. Thank you all for tuning in throughout this series. We hope you've enjoyed our coverage.

49.6;?;Kane Richardson to Usman Shinwari, no run and Shinwari swipes over the top of a slower ball on a length outside off to end the game;
49.5;1;Kane Richardson to Imad Wasim, 1 run Imad sets himself for a big hit into the leg side, but the ball takes the inside edge and bounces off his pad. It rolls into space, and he's called through for a single to take him to fifty. With the game lost, there's no celebration from him;
49.4;?;Kane Richardson to Imad Wasim, no run on a length and straighter this time, Imad pushing it back to the bowler;
49.3;?;Kane Richardson to Imad Wasim, no run full pace delivery, just short of a length, and Imad plays and misses outside off;
49.3;1w;Kane Richardson to Imad Wasim, 1 wide too short, too wide, and he'll have to bowl this one again;
49.2;?;Kane Richardson to Imad Wasim, no run slower ball from Richardson, Imad throwing the kitchen sink at it but he's through the stroke far too early;
49.1;2;Kane Richardson to Imad Wasim, 2 runs swatted off a length and out to the cover sweeper, and they take on the fielder to get back for the second;
48.6;W;Behrendorff to Yasir Shah, OUT caught at long on! Yasir had to go for it. The ball was full, slow and in the arc. He aimed for the stands beyond long on, but could only get it as far as Finch, who was lurking near the boundary in that direction;Yasir Shah c Finch b Behrendorff 11 (13b 0x4 0x6) SR: 84.61;
48.5;1;Behrendorff to Imad Wasim, 1 run a slow cutter, just 112km/h, and Imad slams it out to the cover sweeper;
48.5;1w;Behrendorff to Imad Wasim, 1 wide dug in by Behrendorff, but it's much too short and balloons way over the batsman;
48.4;1;Behrendorff to Yasir Shah, 1 run slower ball bouncer, and Yasir gets himself in an awful tangle trying to get it away. In the end, he taps it tamely to short fine leg, and they sprint through for one;
48.3;2;Behrendorff to Yasir Shah, 2 runs Yasir spots a length ball and spanks it straight, but doesn't hit it well enough to reach the boundary. That does, however, bring up Pakistan's 300;
48.2;1;Behrendorff to Imad Wasim, 1 run crunched out to the cover sweeper, just the one;
48.1;4;Behrendorff to Imad Wasim, FOUR runs sliced to wide long off! Imad clears his leg at a short one on off stump, slicing the ball wide of Richardson at long off. Richardson hared around the boundary to get to it, but his dive wasn't enough;
47.6;1;Kane Richardson to Imad Wasim, 1 run on a length and straight, Imad slugging it down to long on and running through for a single to keep the strike;
47.5;2;Kane Richardson to Imad Wasim, 2 runs another slower one at 118km/h, Imad backing away and slashing it down to long off;
47.4;1;Kane Richardson to Yasir Shah, 1 run full bunger from Richardson, and it's sliced out towards the cover sweeper ... but drops short of him!;
47.3;1;Kane Richardson to Imad Wasim, 1 run slower ball, and Imad swipes at it one-handed as he's flummoxed by the change of pace. The ball rolls into the leg side field, and they take a single;
47.2;1;Kane Richardson to Yasir Shah, 1 run;
47.1;?;Kane Richardson to Yasir Shah, no run Yasir slams a length ball straight back at Richardson, who fields off his own bowling. Imad had wandered way out of his crease, looking to get back on strike, but Richardson decides not to throw down the stumps! He had time, and all three to aim at;
46.6;4;Behrendorff to Imad Wasim, FOUR runs slashed down to third man! The fielder was up at short third man, so Imad just had to get it past him. Behrendorff helped by bowling it short of a good length, outside off, and though the shot was little more than a thick edge it's brought a vital boundary;
46.5;1;Behrendorff to Yasir Shah, 1 run another big swipe from Yasir, the ball dribbling in to the leg side as they pinch a quick single;
46.4;2;Behrendorff to Yasir Shah, 2 runs on a length and straight, Yasir swinging wildly to get the ball down to long on;
46.3;1;Behrendorff to Imad Wasim, 1 run short from Behrendorff, and it's pulled down to fine leg, where Lyon puts in some excellent work at the boundary's edge, getting to the ball in a flash and releasing it immediately to keep them to one;
46.2;4;Behrendorff to Imad Wasim, FOUR runs inside edge brings four! Behrendorff aimed this one full and Imad had a full go at it, only for a thick inside edge to send the ball bouncing past the stumps and the wicketkeeper and down to the boundary;
46.1;2;Behrendorff to Imad Wasim, 2 runs whipped off a length and out into the leg side. Imad wants two, calls for two, and is back for the second to keep the strike;
45.6;1;Kane Richardson to Imad Wasim, 1 run just short of a good length again, and it's pulled into the leg side with no great timing;
45.5;4;Kane Richardson to Imad Wasim, FOUR runs full pace delivery this time, and it's powered through point! Richardson offered him width, and Imad cashed in;
45.4;?;Kane Richardson to Imad Wasim, no run change of pace once again from Richardson, and Imad can only hack this back of a length delivery into the covers;
45.3;?;Kane Richardson to Imad Wasim, no run slower ball from Richardson, and it has the beating of Imad outside off;
45.2;1;Kane Richardson to Yasir Shah, 1 run a big heave is bottom edged into the leg side, and they're through for a single;
45.1;?;Kane Richardson to Yasir Shah, no run full, and it's dug out into the leg side, where Finch fields and has a shy at the stumps. He misses, and fortunately Marsh is alert and backing up. Had he not been in position, it would have been four overthrows;
44.6;1;Zampa to Yasir Shah, 1 run Yasir waits on the back foot to find a single through the covers;
44.5;1;Zampa to Imad Wasim, 1 run slammed down the ground again, but this one isn't placed as well so it's only a single;
44.4;4;Zampa to Imad Wasim, FOUR runs rifled down the ground! Imad is striking them cleanly, and clears his left leg to power a full one past mid off and away for four;
44.3;4;Zampa to Imad Wasim, FOUR runs Imad heaves into the leg side, muscling the ball with the spin and finding the gap between long on and deep midwicket;
44.2;1;Zampa to Yasir Shah, 1 run Yasir waits in his crease and forces this one away through the covers to get off the mark;
44.1;?;Zampa to Yasir Shah, no run that's better from Zampa, aiming outside off and beating Yasir's outside edge;
44.1;1w;Zampa to Yasir Shah, 1 wide speared down the leg side from Zampa, and he'll have to bowl that one again;
43.6;W;Behrendorff to Saad Ali, OUT picked up over the leg side, but straight at the fielder in the deep! Pakistan slide a little further. The shot was on, as a full length ball was sliding in to him with the angle, but Saad just couldn't get the distance he was looking for. Marsh waits for it at deep midwicket, and holds it with a reverse cup;Saad Ali c Marsh b Behrendorff 4 (11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 36.36;
43.5;1;Behrendorff to Imad Wasim, 1 run straighter this time, and it's worked down to long on for one;
43.4;?;Behrendorff to Imad Wasim, no run Behrendorff follows that up with a slower cutter which dribbles under the bat outside off;
43.3;6;Behrendorff to Imad Wasim, SIX runs slammed over long off, Imad finally getting hold of one. Imad cleared his leg, cracking the stroke cleanly over the boundary. Pakistan need a few more of those;
43.2;1;Behrendorff to Saad Ali, 1 run slashed out through cover point;
43.1;1;Behrendorff to Imad Wasim, 1 run Imad slaps a length ball straight back down the track at Behrendorff, who gets a hand on the ball and deflects it back towards the non-striker's stumps - but past them;
42.6;1;Zampa to Imad Wasim, 1 run nudged off the pads, but it's just a single out to midwicket;
42.5;?;Zampa to Imad Wasim, no run Imad waits in his crease, pushing the ball into the covers;
42.4;?;Zampa to Imad Wasim, no run beaten on the cut by one that rushes straight on off the track;
42.3;?;Zampa to Imad Wasim, no run Imad is forward to drive, but finds cover;
42.2;1;Zampa to Saad Ali, 1 run pulled hard, but there's protection at deep midwicket;
42.1;1;Zampa to Imad Wasim, 1 run chopped hard into the cover;
41.6;?;Lyon to Saad Ali, no run Saad makes a little room, and cuts again - but once more he finds the point fielder;
41.5;?;Lyon to Saad Ali, no run Saad cuts, but finds point;
41.4;1;Lyon to Imad Wasim, 1 run full, and it's driven down the ground for a single;
41.3;?;Lyon to Imad Wasim, no run;
41.2;1;Lyon to Saad Ali, 1 run tip and run single, into the covers;
41.1;?;Lyon to Saad Ali, no run a late cut finds short third man, and there's no run to be had;
40.6;1;Kane Richardson to Saad Ali, 1 run punched out to the cover sweeper for a single, and he'll keep the strike;
40.5;?;Kane Richardson to Saad Ali, no run a length delivery, just outside off, is dabbed to point;
40.4;?;Kane Richardson to Saad Ali, no run;
40.3;1;Kane Richardson to Imad Wasim, 1 run Imad drives to cover, and there's a slight misfield, allowing a single;
40.2;W;Kane Richardson to Haris Sohail, OUT the century-maker falls! Haris was searching for a boundary, and he though he had one when Richardson offered a short, wide ball outside off. Haris tried to uppercut it over point, but succeeded only in spooning a catch to Lyon at backward point. He didn't get the pace on the ball he was looking for, it was a slower one from Richardson;Haris Sohail c Lyon b Richardson 130 (129b 11x4 3x6) SR: 100.77;
40.1;?;Kane Richardson to Haris Sohail, no run tucked into the leg side, with the angle, but he can't find the gap;
39.6;?;Lyon to Saad Ali, no run flighted delivery for the new bat, and he's forward to defend it;
39.5;1;Lyon to Haris Sohail, 1 run Haris turns the strike over with an uppish drive through cover point, the ball landing safely;
39.4;W;Lyon to Umar Akmal, OUT caught in the deep! The century stand has just been raised, but now it's broken. Umar jumps down the track and slices underneath an attempted loft down the ground. He got height on the shot, but not enough distance, Behrendorff holding a regulation high chance at long on;Umar Akmal c Behrendorff b Lyon 43 (44b 3x4 0x6) SR: 97.72;
39.3;1;Lyon to Haris Sohail, 1 run Haris comes forward to drive out to the cover sweeper;
39.2;1;Lyon to Umar Akmal, 1 run again Umar backs away, placing the ball into the gap between point and short third man;
39.1;1;Lyon to Haris Sohail, 1 run and there's the hundred stand, Haris jumping out to drive inside out over cover;
38.6;4;Kane Richardson to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs nicely played by Umar, who spots a full ball and lifts it cleanly over mid off. He didn't over hit it, or lose his shape as he played the shot;
38.5;1;Kane Richardson to Haris Sohail, 1 run in the air, but safe! Richardson digs it in and Haris splices a pull tamely over mid on, who can't get back quickly enough to make anything of it;
38.4;?;Kane Richardson to Haris Sohail, no run nice follow-up from Richardson, sending down a yorker that Haris hurries to dig out;
38.3;4;Kane Richardson to Haris Sohail, FOUR runs there's the gap he was looking for, Haris waiting deep in the crease and purposefully slicing the ball behind point, having cleared his front leg;
38.2;?;Kane Richardson to Haris Sohail, no run Richardson comes around the stumps, bursting a length delivery past Haris' outside edge. The batsman is annoyed with himself for not putting this away as there was width on offer;
38.1;?;Kane Richardson to Haris Sohail, no run Haris searches for the gap behind point, but he can't quite find it;
37.6;2;Maxwell to Umar Akmal, 2 runs Umar sets himself for a mow over long on, but the ball rushes across him and is sliced high over point, landing in no-man's land in the deep;
37.5;2;Maxwell to Umar Akmal, 2 runs Umar backs away, exposing his stumps and chopping the ball out towards the deep cover boundary;
37.4;1;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, 1 run punched down the ground, one more;
37.3;1;Maxwell to Umar Akmal, 1 run eased down to long on to turn the strike back over;
37.2;1;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, 1 run flicked off the pads and into the leg side for a single;
37.1;?;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, no run pushed firmly back at the bowler;
36.6;1;Zampa to Haris Sohail, 1 run almost caught at midwicket! It was just wide of the flying Maxwell. It was a full toss, he punched it in the air towards long on, Maxwell anticipated at midwicket and flew across to his right but it was just out of reach;
36.5;1;Zampa to Umar Akmal, 1 run shorter length, he's back and flicking this in the air but safely out to deep square leg;
36.4;?;Zampa to Umar Akmal, no run he skips down, is not quite there, he drives on the up to midwicket;
36.3;1;Zampa to Haris Sohail, 1 run leg break outside leg, following Haris as he backed away, he whips this to deep forward square;
36.2;1;Zampa to Umar Akmal, 1 run drifting into leg, he tucks this through square leg;
36.1;4;Zampa to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs full toss and he cracks a drive through cover! Great hands from Akmal to manipulate that past the man at cover with power;
35.6;1;Maxwell to Umar Akmal, 1 run he jumps down the track and drives firmly to long on;
35.5;?;Maxwell to Umar Akmal, no run drifting across the right-hander, he defends off the outside half of the bat;
35.4;1;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, 1 run shorter length, he's back and punching this to long off;
35.3;?;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, no run flatter on leg, he's back and trying to force to long on but can't beat Maxwell;
35.2;1;Maxwell to Umar Akmal, 1 run darted into leg, he's working this with the turn through forward square;
35.1;1;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, 1 run shorter length outside off, he's back and punching this through point to the sweeper;
34.6;1;Zampa to Haris Sohail, 1 run he skips out, this is flatter and he's forced to adjust, defending towards cover;
34.5;6;Zampa to Haris Sohail, SIX runs launches this way back over long off! He skipped down the track and got the googly in the slot, he launched to through the line and hit it way back over long off;
34.4;1;Zampa to Umar Akmal, 1 run looped up very full, he drives firmly towards long off and takes one, Lyon races across from cover to make a sliding save;
34.3;1;Zampa to Haris Sohail, 1 run tossed up, he skips down and drives to long off;
34.2;1;Zampa to Umar Akmal, 1 run shorter length on off, he's skipping down and punching this to long off;
34.1;?;Zampa to Umar Akmal, no run 89kph shorter leg break on middle, he's back and working it to midwicket;
33.6;1;Stoinis to Umar Akmal, 1 run short slower ball again, again Akmal skips down the track and adjusts on the run, pulling this to fine leg;
33.5;1;Stoinis to Haris Sohail, 1 run another slower bouncer, but much higher, he controls a pull shot rolling the wrists to get it through square leg;
33.4;4;Stoinis to Haris Sohail, FOUR runs smoked over midwicket! It was a slower bouncer, Haris sat back and waited and cashed in. He hammered over midwicket to pick the gap in the deep;
33.3;1;Stoinis to Umar Akmal, 1 run he charges down to a short ball and cracks a flat batted pull shot hard but straight to wide long on, Behrendorff makes a good stop;
33.2;1;Stoinis to Haris Sohail, 1 run back of a length on off stump, he gives room and cuts hard to deep point;
33.1;?;Stoinis to Haris Sohail, no run 125kph, bouncer, he ducks underneath it with ease;
32.6;1;Lyon to Haris Sohail, 1 run shorter length, he's back and cutting to point, the man on the circle makes a diving save but they get one;
32.5;2;Lyon to Haris Sohail, 2 runs drifting into leg, he turns this behind square, he'll come back for two and celebrate a well deserved century! It is Haris' second of the series and second in ODI cricket. He has played with great control and composure.;
32.4;?;Lyon to Haris Sohail, no run drifting into leg, he steps forward and defends;
32.3;1;Lyon to Umar Akmal, 1 run tossed up outside off, with soft hands he pushes this to cover-point;
32.2;1;Lyon to Haris Sohail, 1 run drifting into the pads and he just tucks this neatly to the gap at square leg but only gets one;
32.1;1;Lyon to Umar Akmal, 1 run tossed up outside off, he pushes on the front foot wide of cover for a single;
31.6;4;Stoinis to Haris Sohail, FOUR runs he upper cuts up and over short third man! Nice improvisation. It was short and wide and Haris knew third man was up and he deliberately went up and over with the cut shot. He moves to 98;
31.5;?;Stoinis to Haris Sohail, no run good length on off, he stands tall and punches back to the bowler;
31.4;?;Stoinis to Haris Sohail, no run slower ball bouncer, 116kph, he ducks underneath it, it doesn't bounce very high but passes by harmlessly;
31.3;1;Stoinis to Umar Akmal, 1 run he advances and checks a drive to long on;
31.2;1;Stoinis to Haris Sohail, 1 run 128kph, good length, he sits back and opens the face and angles this behind point for a singl;
31.1;2;Stoinis to Haris Sohail, 2 runs short on the hip, he's back and tucking this behind square into the gap for a couple;
30.6;1;Lyon to Haris Sohail, 1 run shorter length, he's back and chipping this in the air but safely towards long on;
30.5;?;Lyon to Haris Sohail, no run tossed up, he drives back to the bowler;
30.4;1;Lyon to Umar Akmal, 1 run drifting across from around the wicket, he's back and dabbing this to short third man on the circle;
30.3;1;Lyon to Haris Sohail, 1 run skips down the track to the pitch and drives nicely along the ground to long on;
30.2;?;Lyon to Haris Sohail, no run he charges out to a shorter length, has to adjust and punches on the up to cover;
30.1;1;Lyon to Umar Akmal, 1 run he's back and working this with the spin through square leg;
29.6;1;Stoinis to Umar Akmal, 1 run 127kph, short ball, shoulder high this time, he swivels on a pull shot and gets it down to fine with control;
29.5;?;Stoinis to Umar Akmal, no run 127kph, back of a length, wide of off, he is up on his toes punching off the back foot to mid off;
29.4;1;Stoinis to Haris Sohail, 1 run shorter length, on the hip, he rides the bounce and works it behind square;
29.3;1;Stoinis to Umar Akmal, 1 run 123kph, short ball, rib high, he pulls around the corner getting it to fine leg;
29.2;?;Stoinis to Umar Akmal, no run 126kph, fuller on middle, he defends on the front foot dragging it to midwicket;
29.1;1;Stoinis to Haris Sohail, 1 run fuller on leg, he drives neatly down to long on;
28.6;1;Lyon to Haris Sohail, 1 run shorter length, he's back again and forcing this out through cover-point to the sweeper;
28.5;?;Lyon to Haris Sohail, no run pushed through on middle, he's back and defending back to the bowler;
28.4;1;Lyon to Umar Akmal, 1 run pushed through outside off, he is back and dabbing this behind point;
28.3;1;Lyon to Haris Sohail, 1 run tossed up on middle, he's back and forcing this through point to the sweeper in the deep;
28.2;?;Lyon to Haris Sohail, no run fuller on middle, he hands back and defends;
28.1;?;Lyon to Haris Sohail, no run 94kph, pushed through on leg, he defends from the crease, surprised a touch by how that slid on;
27.6;1;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, 1 run fired through and he gets a thick inside edge that flies through forward square;
27.5;1;Maxwell to Umar Akmal, 1 run shorter length, he's back and defending this into the off side and they pinch one;
27.4;1;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, 1 run shorter and he works this off his pads neatly through midwicket;
27.3;1;Maxwell to Umar Akmal, 1 run tossed up, he dabs this with soft hands into the off side for one;
27.2;?;Maxwell to Umar Akmal, no run darted in at middle, he pushes back to the bowler;
27.1;4;Maxwell to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs he skips down and lofts this drive beautifully up and over mid off! That's a lovely shot;
26.6;4;Zampa to Haris Sohail, FOUR runs edged and it races fine to third man! Well bowled. It was a tossed up leg break, he gets an edge driving and it flies away;
26.5;?;Zampa to Haris Sohail, no run fuller on off, he's back and defending;
26.4;1;Zampa to Umar Akmal, 1 run googly, on leg, he's back and working this through forward square;
26.3;?;Zampa to Umar Akmal, no run flatter and quicker, he is forced to defend off the back foot;
26.2;1;Zampa to Haris Sohail, 1 run tossed up on off, he drives firmly to long on;
26.1;1;Zampa to Umar Akmal, 1 run leg break on leg, he pushes down long on;
25.6;1;Maxwell to Umar Akmal, 1 run full on leg, he whips firmly to deep midwicket and calls for two but Behrendorff races around to cut it off;
25.5;?;Maxwell to Umar Akmal, no run full and drifting away, he pushes away from his body getting a slight leading edge to mid off;
25.4;1;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, 1 run round arm fired into off, he's back and punching this to deep cover-point;
25.3;1;Maxwell to Umar Akmal, 1 run shorter length on leg, he's back and tucking this behind square;
25.2;?;Maxwell to Umar Akmal, no run tossed up on middle, he works this to midwicket;
25.1;1;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, 1 run darted in quicker, he's back and punching firmly to deep cover-point;
24.6;1;Zampa to Haris Sohail, 1 run fuller on leg, he drives down to long on;
24.5;4;Zampa to Haris Sohail, FOUR runs tossed up, he skips down and lofts this beautifully over mid off! He picked the googly straight away, got down the track and lofted it with control over the man in the circle;
24.4;1;Zampa to Umar Akmal, 1 run shorter leg break, he's back and pulling hard to deep long on;
24.3;1;Zampa to Haris Sohail, 1 run shorter length on leg, he's back and whipping this to deep square;
24.2;1;Zampa to Umar Akmal, 1 run shorter length, he's back and punching down to long off;
24.1;?;Zampa to Umar Akmal, no run leg break, good length, sliding on, he's back and jamming the bat down to get a thick inside edge;
23.6;?;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, no run drifting into off stump, he drives back to the bowler;
23.5;1;Maxwell to Umar Akmal, 1 run fuller on leg, he drives down to long on;
23.4;?;Maxwell to Umar Akmal, no run darted in to leg, he turns this to midwicket;
23.3;W;Maxwell to Rizwan, OUT caught at mid off! Brilliant catch from Lyon! And brilliant bowling and captaincy! He'd gone once in the over already but they didn't send mid off back. He skipped down and tried to go over mid off again, got this off the toe of the bat, struck it well but not enough elevation, Lyon jumps high to his right on the circle and hauls in a superb catch!;Mohammad Rizwan c Lyon b Maxwell 12 (13b 1x4 0x6) SR: 92.3;
23.2;?;Maxwell to Rizwan, no run flatter on off, he dabs this to short third man;
23.1;4;Maxwell to Rizwan, FOUR runs he advances and launches this up and over mid off! Superb footwork. He wasn't quite to the pitch but he was confident enough to hit powerfully through the line;
22.6;1;Zampa to Rizwan, 1 run fuller on off, he defends with soft hands into the gap at cover-point;
22.5;?;Zampa to Rizwan, no run 86kph, leg break that slides on, he's back and chopping a cut shot to point;
22.4;1;Zampa to Haris Sohail, 1 run pushed through on off, he hangs back and punches to the gap at cover-point;
22.4;2w;Zampa to Rizwan, 2 wide fired down the leg side and Carey can't glove it cleanly and they run an extra;
22.4;1w;Zampa to Rizwan, 1 wide drifting down leg, he shapes to sweep but it's too far down and called wide;
22.3;2;Zampa to Rizwan, 2 runs he sweeps again from off stump, hammering it between fine leg and deep square, picking the gap for two;
22.2;2;Zampa to Rizwan, 2 runs he reaches outside off, paddle sweeps nicely fine, sprints hard for two and dives head long to make his ground easily;
22.1;?;Zampa to Rizwan, no run leg break, looped up outside off, he is off balance mistimes a drive back to the bowler;
21.6;?;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, no run a hint of turn, he's back and trying to cut but slices this to short third man;
21.5;1;Maxwell to Rizwan, 1 run straighter on middle and leg, he sweeps hard but straight to deep backward square;
21.4;?;Maxwell to Rizwan, no run tossed up on off, he steps forward and defends;
21.3;1;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, 1 run tossed up outside off, he drives elegantly inside out through cover-point to the sweeper;
21.2;1;Maxwell to Rizwan, 1 run looped up on leg, he nudges this into the leg side wide of midwicket for a single;
21.1;1;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, 1 run shorter length, he's back and punching this down to long on;
20.6;1;Zampa to Haris Sohail, 1 run straighter on leg stump, he works this through square midwicket to the sweeper;
20.5;?;Zampa to Haris Sohail, no run yorker length, he jams this out back to the bowler;
20.4;?;Zampa to Haris Sohail, no run flatter and straighter, he works this to midwicket;
20.3;?;Zampa to Haris Sohail, no run tossed up on off, he defends into the off side;
20.2;6;Zampa to Haris Sohail, SIX runs full toss, he skips out and lofts this easily high down the ground! Got the full toss he wanted, mid off is up, he lofted it almost with one hand but hit it well to clear the rope;
20.1;?;Zampa to Haris Sohail, no run leg break on off, he steps forward and defends;
19.6;1;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, 1 run quicker and drifting into middle, he pushes this inside out through cover-point;
19.5;1;Maxwell to Rizwan, 1 run tossed up, he jumps down and clips this firmly to long on;
19.4;1;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, 1 run shorter length, he's back and cracking this to the sweeper at deep cover-point;
19.3;?;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, no run skips down the track and drives to cover;
19.2;?;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, no run fuller on off, he presses forward to defend;
19.1;?;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, no run good length on off, he's back and punching to cover;
18.6;?;Zampa to Rizwan, no run a leg break, that turns a touch wide of off, he pushes at a forward defensive stroke, opening the face and running it to backward point;
18.5;W;Zampa to Masood, OUT huge appeal, and it's given! Shan had hopped back, looking to pull, but this wasn't short enough for the shot. The ball skids on to hit him on the back leg as he swipes over the top of it. He asks his partner, and they decide a review isn't worth it. Zampa strikes on his birthday!;Shan Masood lbw b Zampa 50 (54b 3x4 0x6) SR: 92.59;
18.4;?;Zampa to Masood, no run flicked off the toes, but he can't beat square leg;
18.3;1;Zampa to Haris Sohail, 1 run flighted up nice and high on middle and leg, Haris driving to long on;
18.2;1;Zampa to Masood, 1 run worked into the leg side, with the spin, Shan Masood raising a maiden ODI fifty;
18.1;2;Zampa to Masood, 2 runs and he's greeted with a reverse sweep, the ball rolling out towards the boundary before being stopped by the cover sweeper;
17.6;1;Maxwell to Masood, 1 run pushed down the ground, one more;
17.5;1;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, 1 run chipped in the air, but landing safely in space around mid on;
17.4;?;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, no run pushed towards mid on, Maxwell fielding smartly off his own bowling;
17.3;?;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, no run chopped down behind square, but he can't beat short third man;
17.2;?;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, no run pushed smoothly back to the bowler;
17.1;1;Maxwell to Masood, 1 run Shan goes deep into the crease, using Maxwell's angle from around the stumps to collect a single into the leg side;
16.6;1;Lyon to Masood, 1 run punched out to the cover sweeper, off the back foot;
16.5;1;Lyon to Haris Sohail, 1 run and Haris follows suit, working him through midwicket for one more;
16.4;1;Lyon to Masood, 1 run Shan flicks across his pads, sending the ball bouncing through midwicket to raise the hundred;
16.3;1;Lyon to Haris Sohail, 1 run Haris jumps down the track, and a checked punch finds a gap at cover;
16.2;1;Lyon to Masood, 1 run fuller, and he's eased down to long off for one;
16.1;4;Lyon to Masood, FOUR runs too short, and it's punished! Shan waiting to slash his cut at the very last moment, taking it almost out of the keeper's gloves and fine of short third man;
15.6;?;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, no run fuller this time, and it's tapped softly to point;
15.5;?;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, no run a hurried jab keeps the ball away from the stumps;
15.4;?;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, no run worked into the leg side, and another committed dive from Richardson at midwicket saves the run;
15.3;1;Maxwell to Masood, 1 run he's on the drive to collect a single to long on;
15.2;?;Maxwell to Masood, no run this one rushes straight on with the arm, the ball coming off the inside half of the bat and rolling to midwicket;
15.1;?;Maxwell to Masood, no run nudged into the leg side, but it's stopped by a diving midwicket fielder;
14.6;4;Lyon to Haris Sohail, FOUR runs and again! Haris spots some width and thrashes a cut past a diving point fielder for the second boundary of the over;
14.5;?;Lyon to Haris Sohail, no run flighted on middle and leg, and he's down the track to push it back to the bowler;
14.4;4;Lyon to Haris Sohail, FOUR runs sliced through the field! Wonderful piece of timing from Haris, forcing off the back foot, and the placement is just right too, the boundary bringing up his fifty;
14.3;?;Lyon to Haris Sohail, no run Haris waits in the crease, forcing the ball to point;
14.2;1;Lyon to Masood, 1 run chopped down through gully;
14.1;?;Lyon to Masood, no run the offspinner offers a little width outside off, but the cut is stopped at point;
13.6;1;Maxwell to Masood, 1 run Shan dances out to meet it on the full, slashing a drive out to the sweeper;
13.5;?;Maxwell to Masood, no run full, straight and it's pushed back to the bowler;
13.4;1;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, 1 run pushed through fuller, and flatter at 89km/h. It's dead-batted into the leg side, and they pinch a quick single;
13.3;1;Maxwell to Masood, 1 run;
13.2;2;Maxwell to Masood, 2 runs full and Shan drives to long off. Ah, and the throw isn't a great one, arriving at Carey on the bounce. He can't stop it cleanly, and there's overthrows;
13.1;1;Maxwell to Haris Sohail, 1 run floated up outside off at 84km/h, and it's pushed watchfully to cover;
12.6;1;Kane Richardson to Haris Sohail, 1 run shorter, and Haris hops to glance it off his ribs and down to fine leg;
12.5;1;Kane Richardson to Masood, 1 run appeal for lbw, but the umpire is not interested and Australia don't review it. It might have pitched outside leg;
12.4;1;Kane Richardson to Haris Sohail, 1 run Richardson aims this one straighter, and he's worked into the leg side;
12.3;4;Kane Richardson to Haris Sohail, FOUR runs slapped through backward point! This wasn't all that wide, but Haris made the most of what width there was, keeping his right elbow high to maintain control through the stroke;
12.2;2;Kane Richardson to Haris Sohail, 2 runs Haris comes forward and angles the bat face to send the ball bouncing down to third man;
12.1;?;Kane Richardson to Haris Sohail, no run Haris stays deep in the crease, forcing to mid off;
11.6;1;Lyon to Haris Sohail, 1 run glanced off the pads, Richardson trotting around from short fine leg to keep them to one;
11.5;1;Lyon to Masood, 1 run angling in to him from around the stumps, and Shan works him through midwicket yet again;
11.4;1;Lyon to Haris Sohail, 1 run Haris uses his feet to get close to it, driving down to long off;
11.3;?;Lyon to Haris Sohail, no run Lyon floats this one a little fuller, Haris pressing forward to defend;
11.2;2;Lyon to Haris Sohail, 2 runs another back foot punch, and the sweeper out on the cover boundary has more work to do;
11.1;1;Lyon to Masood, 1 run cut out to deep point, off the back foot;
10.6;4;Kane Richardson to Haris Sohail, FOUR runs edged, and past the wicketkeeper! Had there been a first slip in place, this would have landed in his lap. Perfect length from Richardson, Haris prodding at the ball as it angled across him;
10.5;?;Kane Richardson to Haris Sohail, no run slapped, on the up, to point;
10.4;?;Kane Richardson to Haris Sohail, no run Haris pokes at a length delivery outside off, playing and missing;
10.3;1;Kane Richardson to Masood, 1 run Richardson hits a length, but it's straight enough for Shan to work him through square leg;
10.2;2;Kane Richardson to Masood, 2 runs he comes over the stumps to Shan and digs this one in, the left hander swiveling into a controlled pull and sprinting through for two;
10.1;?;Kane Richardson to Masood, no run;
9.6;?;Lyon to Haris Sohail, no run swatted off the back foot, but again he finds the cover fielder;
9.5;?;Lyon to Haris Sohail, no run Haris uses his feet again, driving to cover;
9.4;?;Lyon to Haris Sohail, no run Haris jumps down the track again, thrusting his leg at the ball to pad it away. There's an appeal from Lyon, but it's unconvincing;
9.3;1;Lyon to Masood, 1 run whipped into the leg side, deep midwicket keeping them to one. Lyon's not pitching too many up so far in this spell;
9.2;?;Lyon to Masood, no run Shan backs away, looking to make room, but his shot finds cover;
9.1;1;Lyon to Haris Sohail, 1 run punched firmly off the back foot, but Stoinis gets around from mid off and dives to keep them to one. It was a boundary if it passed him;
8.6;?;Behrendorff to Masood, no run driven on the up, but straight to mid off;
8.5;1;Behrendorff to Haris Sohail, 1 run fuller, straighter, and he drives down to long on;
8.4;4;Behrendorff to Haris Sohail, FOUR runs past a diving short third man! Haris knows the fielder is up, and angles his bat at the very last moment to get it fine of the man at short third man, collecting a boundary;
8.3;1;Behrendorff to Masood, 1 run chopped down into the off side for one;
8.2;1;Behrendorff to Haris Sohail, 1 run tucked to Finch at midwicket, who dives to stop it but then throws unnecessarily at the stumps and they find a single off a sloppy throw;
8.1;6;Behrendorff to Haris Sohail, SIX runs swatted over long on! Haris knows what to expect from Behrendorff and just sets himself at the crease to power a length delivery back over the bowler, and over the boundary;
7.6;1;Lyon to Haris Sohail, 1 run Haris waits, deep in the crease, and follows Shan by nudging a single into the leg side;
7.5;1;Lyon to Masood, 1 run nudged into the leg side for one;
7.4;1;Lyon to Haris Sohail, 1 run Haris advances, pushing to cover with bat and pad together. There's an appeal, the thinking possibly being that it hit pad first, but he's miles down the track;
7.3;1;Lyon to Masood, 1 run worked into the gap towards midwicket, just the one;
7.2;?;Lyon to Masood, no run punched off the back foot, but straight to cover;
7.1;1;Lyon to Haris Sohail, 1 run slightly short on middle and off, and it's fetched into the leg side for a single;
6.6;?;Behrendorff to Masood, no run Shan steps into a punchy little drive, but picks out mid off;
6.5;?;Behrendorff to Masood, no run straighter this time, and it's driven to mid on;
6.4;4;Behrendorff to Masood, FOUR runs beautifully timed by Shan, who is once again offered width outside off. He let the ball come on to the bat, but had to place it just right to beat point's right and third man's left. He did both;
6.3;?;Behrendorff to Masood, no run full, and it's spanked back at Behrendorff, who stops it in his follow through;
6.2;?;Behrendorff to Masood, no run another drive from Shan as Behrendorff offers a hint of width, but he finds the field;
6.1;?;Behrendorff to Masood, no run punched to cover, on the up but not into the gap;
5.6;1;Kane Richardson to Masood, 1 run Shan hops again, this time to work a single to midwicket;
5.5;?;Kane Richardson to Masood, no run fuller, straighter, and it's pushed back to the bowler;
5.4;4;Kane Richardson to Masood, FOUR runs cracked through point! Too short from Richardson, and too wide. Shan had some work to do to get on top of the bounce, jumping up to cut hard down on the ball, beating point;
5.3;1;Kane Richardson to Haris Sohail, 1 run on a length, just outside off, and it's pressed firmly to cover. There's just enough room for a quick single;
5.2;1;Kane Richardson to Masood, 1 run pad first? The umpire doesn't think so, and Australia don't review. Shan was waiting on a late dab, but the ball angled in to cramp him for room. It was also high, so even if it was pad first it wouldn't have been out;
5.1;2;Kane Richardson to Masood, 2 runs Shan uses Richardson's angle from around the stumps to collect two more through the gap at midwicket;
4.6;?;Behrendorff to Haris Sohail, no run sweetly driven, but a dive from Handscomb in the covers saves runs;
4.5;1;Behrendorff to Masood, 1 run Behrendorff finds a bit of nip in to him off the seam, but Shan is forward and covers it well, and follows that up by an immediate call for a quick single;
4.4;?;Behrendorff to Masood, no run Behrendorff aims straighter and Shan's glance is stopped at midwicket;
4.3;2;Behrendorff to Masood, 2 runs Shan punches off the back foot, threading the gap behind point. Third man hares around the boundary to keep them to two;
4.2;1;Behrendorff to Haris Sohail, 1 run outside off, and it's sliced down to third man for one more;
4.1;?;Behrendorff to Haris Sohail, no run nicely bowled, just short of a good length with a wobbling seam, the ball nipping away from the left hander to beat his outside edge;
3.6;?;Kane Richardson to Masood, no run Shan looks for a similar shot, but he can't get it fine of backward point;
3.5;1;Kane Richardson to Haris Sohail, 1 run chopped down to third man, just the one;
3.4;?;Kane Richardson to Haris Sohail, no run Richardson pulls his length back to negate Haris' driving, and it's prodded defensively to point;
3.3;2;Kane Richardson to Haris Sohail, 2 runs angled down, wide of third man, and they rush back for a second;
3.2;4;Kane Richardson to Haris Sohail, FOUR runs and now straight over cover! Haris steps half forward and lifts a full length delivery deliberately up and over the cover infield;
3.1;?;Kane Richardson to Haris Sohail, no run Richardson stays around the stumps and keeps it full, but there's not much in the way of swing. Haris' drive goes straight to cover;
2.6;?;Behrendorff to Masood, no run full and straight, and it's pushed firmly back to the bowler;
2.5;2;Behrendorff to Masood, 2 runs and now through the off side, Shan driving smartly on the up and in the gap. Lyon chases it down with a slide near the boundary rope;
2.4;2;Behrendorff to Masood, 2 runs elegantly done by Shan, leaning over a full one to clip a brace through midwicket;
2.3;1;Behrendorff to Haris Sohail, 1 run another sliced drive, but this one flies down through the gully region, bouncing to third man;
2.2;2;Behrendorff to Haris Sohail, 2 runs sliced up and over mid off, the ball looping high over the fielder and then plugging in the outfield as they scoot back for the second. The intent was there, but not the execution;
2.1;1;Behrendorff to Masood, 1 run too straight from Behrendorff, but Khawaja does well at short fine leg to save runs, diving to stop Shan's glance;
1.6;?;Kane Richardson to Haris Sohail, no run straighter, and it's tucked softly into the leg side, mid on fielding cleanly;
1.5;?;Kane Richardson to Haris Sohail, no run that's better, angling in to the channel outside off to test Haris' defence;
1.5;1w;Kane Richardson to Haris Sohail, 1 wide just too straight from Richardson, and the angle from around the stumps takes this down the leg side;
1.4;?;Kane Richardson to Haris Sohail, no run slightly fuller, and Haris is drawn into a drive that is stopped at cover;
1.3;?;Kane Richardson to Haris Sohail, no run Richardson keeps it tight on off stump, Haris defending from the crease;
1.2;?;Kane Richardson to Haris Sohail, no run Richardson switches to round the stumps to Haris, who pushes a length delivery watchfully to mid on;
1.1;1;Kane Richardson to Masood, 1 run Richardson starts very full, searching for whatever swing might be on offer, and Shan flicks it off his toes out to the man at deep square;
0.6;?;Behrendorff to Haris Sohail, no run in the channel, just outside off, and Haris taps this one defensively to cover;
0.5;?;Behrendorff to Haris Sohail, no run on a length, and it's clipped into the leg side, pinging the fielder at midwicket;
0.4;?;Behrendorff to Haris Sohail, no run angled in to Haris, who defends to cover;
0.3;W;Behrendorff to Abid Ali, OUT a century on debut, a golden duck in the next innings! Behrendorff angled this right across Abid, who poked at it from the crease. He might have left it alone, and had to thrust his hands out trying to get to the ball, but he could only feather an edge through to the keeper. Australia strike early;Abid Ali c ?Carey b Behrendorff 0 (1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
0.2;1;Behrendorff to Masood, 1 run and Shan's away with a flick off his pads, the ball rolling through square leg;
0.1;?;Behrendorff to Masood, no run on a length, and shaping back in to the left hander, who defends down the track;

We're just about good to resume. The break was shortened slightly as the first innings ended almost 15 minutes over time. Behrendorff will kick things off for Australia, with Shan Masood on strike
 Innings Start
Australia
Pakistan
5th ODI (D/N), Dubai (DSC), Mar 31 2019, Pakistan v Australia
327/7
307/7
Player of the match is Glenn Maxwell, AUS
Australia won by 20 runs
