Data
4.15pm: That, points out our stats man Gaurav Sundararaman, is Australia's second-lowest total batting first since the 2015 World Cup. Apart from an 84-run stand between Glenn Maxwell and Ashton Agar, Australia struggled through their innings, never got close to lighting the blue touchpaper, and were bowled out with 18 deliveries left in the can. They may be all about their values now, but there wasn't too much to cherish about that batting. It's six years since Australia defended a target as low as 215 in an ODI... and it's certainly not a chase that will daunt England, back on their own patch and looking to shake Scotland out of their system. Still, it ain't over till it's, etc and so on. Join us again in half an hour
Meanwhile, some mid-innings reading: The Redemption Tour, in association with Sky Sports
46.6;W;Plunkett to Tye, OUT takes the pace off, Tye dabs at it off the back foot... but only succeeds in tickling a low edge through to Buttler! He took that well, diving forwards, Tye shakes his head but his fun is over - time to think about bowling, with just 214 to defend;Andrew Tye c ?Buttler b Plunkett 19 (27m 20b 2x4 1x6) SR: 95;
46.5;?;Plunkett to Tye, no run fuller, angling in and the ball deflects off a leading edge;
46.4;6;Plunkett to Tye, SIX runs another short ball, goes for it again - SPANKED! Tye gets hold of an old-fashioned mow across the line and pounds six over deep midwicket! Back atcha;
46.3;?;Plunkett to Tye, no run short of a length, cross seam and skidding on as Tye windmills across the line... and gets a top edge into his face! He seems okay, waggling his head back at the bowler, the grille did its job; but he'll need to be checked over by the physio, just in case;
46.2;?;Plunkett to Tye, no run back of a length, 84mph and past the outside edge as he tries to dab one from the crease;
46.1;?;Plunkett to Tye, no run tasty bouncer from Plunkett, crowding Tye as he tries to pull, is tucked up and beaten;
45.6;?;Wood to Stanlake, no run fizzes down another attempted yorker, up by the bootstraps but he's alert to the danger once more;
45.5;?;Wood to Stanlake, no run hits a length, 85mph and Stanlake prods to backward point;
45.4;?;Wood to Stanlake, no run round the wicket, fires in a yorker on off stump, Stanlake does well to keep it out;
45.3;W;Wood to Kane Richardson, OUT pitched up, slapped to mid-off! Wood has a wicket, Richardson losing patience and picking out the man on the edge of the ring;Kane Richardson c Root b Wood 1 (14m 10b 0x4 0x6) SR: 10;
45.2;1;Wood to Tye, 1 run goes fuller, 87mph and driven for a single to long-on;
45.1;?;Wood to Tye, no run short ball, Tye rocks back and slugs it to midwicket;
44.6;?;Plunkett to Kane Richardson, no run on the stumps, 83mph and blocked... just a single off the over;
44.5;?;Plunkett to Kane Richardson, no run another bumper, this time he thinks about pulling, then thinks again;
44.4;?;Plunkett to Kane Richardson, no run bangs in the short ball, Richardson isn't looking to play those;
44.3;?;Plunkett to Kane Richardson, no run prodded square from the crease;
44.2;?;Plunkett to Kane Richardson, no run pitched up, 84mph and Richardson plinks one into the covers;
44.1;1;Plunkett to Tye, 1 run short outside off, Tye runs it away to third man;
43.6;?;Rashid to Kane Richardson, no run flighted, this rips away as Richardson has a big old swing and a miss, Buttler breaks the bails but he had the back foot safely anchored;
43.6;1w;Rashid to Kane Richardson, 1 wide pushes the googly down the leg side;
43.5;?;Rashid to Kane Richardson, no run flat on the stumps, Richardson drops back and defends with a straight bat;
43.4;1;Rashid to Tye, 1 run tossed up outside off, Tye flat-bats it down the ground to long-off;
43.3;2;Rashid to Tye, 2 runs flighted, Tye swings across the line and gets a big top edge, clears slip and runs away for a couple;
43.2;1;Rashid to Kane Richardson, 1 run pushes forward and works a single away past midwicket;
43.1;?;Rashid to Kane Richardson, no run tosses up the legbreak, Richardson defends his first ball;
42.6;?;Plunkett to Tye, no run short of a length, 79mph and possibly a cutter, short-armed towards mid-on;
42.5;?;Plunkett to Tye, no run dug in short, Tye hangs back and flinches out of the way;
42.4;?;Plunkett to Tye, no run back of a length, 81mph and defended down into the covers from in front of the stumps;
42.3;4;Plunkett to Tye, FOUR runs shot! High elbow, out of the meat, Tye showcases his straight drive again, slightly overpitched and he whacks it for another four;
42.2;W;Plunkett to Neser, OUT goes for the slog down the ground, the ball not full enough for the shot... and mid-off settles under it for a simple catch! Neser tries to hit out and instead gets out, a second wicket for Plunkett and this innings is ending rather like it started;Michael Neser c Root b Plunkett 6 (23m 14b 0x4 0x6) SR: 42.85;
42.1;?;Plunkett to Neser, no run length ball, Neser pats it away;
41.6;?;Rashid to Tye, no run tossed up and defended into the covers;
41.5;?;Rashid to Tye, no run another shout for lbw, pitched on leg stump... but looks like that was a googly, would have been sliding down;
41.4;?;Rashid to Tye, no run gets across and defends;
41.3;4;Rashid to Tye, FOUR runs full and straight, the slider from Rashid... and Tye belts it unceremoniously back over the bowler's head for a no-nonsense four;
41.2;?;Rashid to Tye, no run legbreak on off, Tye covers the line as it straightens;
41.1;W;Rashid to Agar, OUT very full, Agar goes to sweep - misses and is plumb! Rob Bailey sends him on his way, no review from Agar, that struck him low down on the back pad as the ball straightened... only one place that delivery was ending up. Decent knock in adversity from Agar, but Australia are now seven down and in danger of not seeing out the overs;Ashton Agar lbw b Rashid 40 (80m 62b 4x4 0x6) SR: 64.51;
40.6;1;Willey to Agar, 1 run full and straighter, pinged back through mid-on for a single... but just two off the over;
40.5;?;Willey to Agar, no run comes across on off stump and mistimes a push into the covers;
40.4;?;Willey to Agar, no run good length, 84mph and hitting high up the bat as he pushes forward;
40.3;1;Willey to Neser, 1 run shuffles into line and works this wide of mid-on for a single;
40.2;?;Willey to Neser, no run pitched up on middle and leg, again Neser picks out a fielder with a drive to mid-on;
40.1;?;Willey to Neser, no run full, clipped off the toes to midwicket;
39.6;1;Rashid to Neser, 1 run floated up on off stump, driven to wide long-off;
39.5;2;Rashid to Neser, 2 runs tosses up the legbreak on middle and leg, Neser gets out and opens up to push through cover point, there's a moment's hesitation as they come back for two, Bairstow is running in off the rope... but his throw is poor and Neser gets in safely;
39.4;?;Rashid to Neser, no run flighted, tries to comes down but only steers it to extra cover;
39.3;?;Rashid to Neser, no run gets forward, punched to extra cover on the bounce;
39.2;?;Rashid to Neser, no run slips in the googler, comes back at him, chopped down late;
39.1;?;Rashid to Neser, no run floated up and Neser blaps a drive towards mid-off;
38.6;?;Willey to Agar, no run pitched up and deflected towards midwicket;
38.5;4;Willey to Agar, FOUR runs too full again, Agar latches on and belts another drive past extra cover;
38.4;1;Willey to Neser, 1 run touch short, 81mph and punched firmly off the back foot to deep point;
38.3;1;Willey to Agar, 1 run angled in straighter and worked to the leg side;
38.2;?;Willey to Agar, no run short of a length, forced off the back foot to mid-off;
38.1;4;Willey to Agar, FOUR runs slightly full and wide, Agar is well across and he rifles a drive past extra cover for a welcome boundary;
37.6;?;Rashid to Neser, no run gives this some air, the legbreak spinning away on middle, hits the splice as Neser defends;
37.5;1;Rashid to Agar, 1 run lobbed up nice and slow, pushed through mid-off coming forwards;
37.4;1;Rashid to Neser, 1 run pushes the slider out the front of the hand, Neser dabs his first ball away in front of point and they scurry through to get him off the mark;
37.3;1;Rashid to Agar, 1 run flighted, Agar tucks a single down the ground to long-on;
37.2;?;Rashid to Agar, no run tossed up and prodded back down the pitch;
37.1;?;Rashid to Agar, no run over the wicket, flat legbreak outside off, Agar swipes it to mid-off;
36.6;1;Plunkett to Agar, 1 run tucked away for a single;
36.5;W;Plunkett to Maxwell, OUT flicked off his legs, but in the air... and Bairstow snags it on the run at deep square leg! Plunkett gets Maxwell, bit of luck involved as he pretty much struck that too well - an aggressive pick up but it went high, and sailed into the sweeper's path running back from midwicket! A tidy knock from Maxwell but he can't go on, England break the recovery stand;Glenn Maxwell c Bairstow b Plunkett 62 (73m 64b 4x4 2x6) SR: 96.87;
36.4;?;Plunkett to Maxwell, no run cutting his fingers over the ball, mistimed back to the bowler;
36.3;2;Plunkett to Maxwell, 2 runs 83mph and punched in front of deep cover, they come a back for a couple;
36.2;1;Plunkett to Agar, 1 run back of a length over the stumps, Agar stays deep and swipes one through cover;
36.1;1;Plunkett to Maxwell, 1 run short outside off and whipped away with a wristy pull to deep backward square leg;
35.6;1;Willey to Maxwell, 1 run chopped into the covers, Roy can only get a fingertip on it;
35.5;?;Willey to Maxwell, no run punched off a length back to the bowler, Willey then hurls the ball at the stumps/the batsman, Maxwell hopping to get out of the way;
35.4;1;Willey to Agar, 1 run full in the channel, drilled through the covers for one;
35.3;1;Willey to Maxwell, 1 run length ball, 82mph and clipped for one to deep midwicket hanging back;
35.2;?;Willey to Maxwell, no run on the hips, Maxwell misses with a flick and it rolls towards short fine leg;
35.1;1;Willey to Agar, 1 run over the wicket, 77mph around off stump, Agar nudges one down the ground;
34.6;2;Plunkett to Maxwell, 2 runs goes full and straight, clipped off his toes to long leg, takes on Rashid who doesn't produce the best of the throws. Would have been tight with a good return;
34.5;4;Plunkett to Maxwell, FOUR runs a short delivery and more excellent placement from Maxwell as he swivels on a pull and places it wide of deep square;
34.4;1;Plunkett to Agar, 1 run good length outside off, he leans forward and drives to deep point;
34.3;?;Plunkett to Agar, no run plays a punchy drive to mid-off;
34.2;?;Plunkett to Agar, no run tight at middle and off, defended into the leg side;
34.1;?;Plunkett to Agar, no run good length at off stump, pushed to mid-off;
34.1;1w;Plunkett to Agar, 1 wide short outside leg stump, called wide;
33.6;1;Wood to Agar, 1 run tucked off the pads behind square;
33.5;2;Wood to Agar, 2 runs short ball, doesn't get it out of the middle as he pulls, loops over midwicket;
33.4;?;Wood to Agar, no run back of a length at off stump, rolls his fingers across it, defended;
33.3;?;Wood to Agar, no run full at off stump, driven into the pitch and it bounces to Morgan at cover for a crowd catch;
33.2;1;Wood to Maxwell, 1 run short of a length, pulled to deep square leg;
33.1;?;Wood to Maxwell, no run big appeal for lbw but Rob Bailey says not out, a length ball that nipped back, was high and heading leg side;
32.6;?;Plunkett to Agar, no run length ball at the pads, pushed firmly to midwicket where Moeen prevents the single;
32.5;?;Plunkett to Agar, no run back of the wicket, full outside off, chopped to backward point;
32.4;4;Plunkett to Agar, FOUR runs plays this very well, brilliantly in fact, he was cramped for room a touch but managed to angled it wide of backward point and also beat third man;
32.3;?;Plunkett to Agar, no run short of a length outside off, played to backward point;
32.2;4;Plunkett to Agar, FOUR runs terrific shot, round the wicket, angled in at the stumps and delightfully whipped wide of mid-on for his first boundary;
32.1;1;Plunkett to Maxwell, 1 run short of a length, worked into midwicket and that's his fifty off 52 balls. Much needed for him and the team;
31.6;?;Wood to Agar, no run touch fuller, at off stump, driven mid-off. Well bowled by Wood;
31.5;?;Wood to Agar, no run comes round the wicket, back of a length at off stump, played to the on side and Wood skips across;
31.4;?;Wood to Agar, no run goes wide on the crease and sends down a bouncer on the line of leg stump, Agar gets inside the line;
31.3;?;Wood to Agar, no run beats the outside edge with a back-of-a-length delivery, 87mph, angled across Agar who drives;
31.2;1;Wood to Maxwell, 1 run good length at off stump, shovelled towards mid-on with a bit of bottom hand;
31.1;?;Wood to Maxwell, no run full and straight, hint of shape in at the stumps, driven to mid-off;
30.6;2;Plunkett to Agar, 2 runs touch short outside off, cut hard into the square and it bounces over backward point;
30.5;?;Plunkett to Agar, no run good length, straight, pushed to the bowler;
30.4;1;Plunkett to Maxwell, 1 run full and straight, driven firmly towards mid-on, Hales, on the edge of the circle...Hales throw is miles wide of the stumps but Maxwell was fine;
30.3;1;Plunkett to Agar, 1 run good length at off stump, driven to deep cover;
30.2;1;Plunkett to Maxwell, 1 run short of a length outside off, gets on his toes and pushes into the covers to bring up the fifty stand;
30.1;?;Plunkett to Maxwell, no run short of a length outside off, drags his pull to mid-on;
29.6;?;Wood to Agar, no run back of a length at middle and off, defended to backward point;
29.5;?;Wood to Agar, no run another short one, straighter and a touch quicker, Agar sways out of the line;
29.4;?;Wood to Agar, no run a bouncer, over leg stump at 83mph;
29.3;1;Wood to Maxwell, 1 run back of a length outside off, punched to deep cover;
29.2;1;Wood to Agar, 1 run on the pads, tucked wide of midwicket;
29.1;?;Wood to Agar, no run over the wicket, full at middle, flicked to mid-on;
28.6;4;Plunkett to Maxwell, FOUR runs what a lovely piece of timing! The over is spoiled for Plunkett, a good-length delivery just slipping into the pads, clipped through midwicket;
28.5;?;Plunkett to Maxwell, no run full and straight, driven to mid-off...five dot balls to start;
28.4;?;Plunkett to Maxwell, no run touch wider outside off, good length, Maxwell's bat twists his hand as he plays forward and again Plunkett picks up;
28.3;?;Plunkett to Maxwell, no run back of a length at off stump, driven to Plunkett again;
28.2;?;Plunkett to Maxwell, no run good length, played off the front foot;
28.1;?;Plunkett to Maxwell, no run full at off stump, driven firmly into the pitch and back at Plunkett who parries it to mid-off;
27.6;1;Root to Maxwell, 1 run full, forced through midwicket with a straight bat;
27.5;?;Root to Maxwell, no run starts to shuffle to leg then gets back in line and works to midwicket;
27.5;1w;Root to Maxwell, 1 wide fires this down the leg side, think he thought Maxwell was coming down the pitch;
27.4;1;Root to Agar, 1 run nicely driven wide of cover to long-off;
27.3;1;Root to Maxwell, 1 run flicked into midwicket;
27.2;6;Root to Maxwell, SIX runs launched over long-off again! Maxwell fighting back. Stays in his crease and drives through the line of a length delivery. Miles into the stands;
27.1;1;Root to Agar, 1 run full and straight, driven to long-off;
26.6;?;Ali to Maxwell, no run works into midwicket;
26.5;6;Ali to Maxwell, SIX runs that's a magnificent shot! Maxwell is finding his touch. Gives himself a fraction of room, drives inside-out over wide long-off;
26.4;?;Ali to Maxwell, no run full outside off, driven to cover;
26.3;4;Ali to Maxwell, FOUR runs back to back boundaries, this one is dragged down short, Maxwell rocks back and pull powerfully through midwicket;
26.2;4;Ali to Maxwell, FOUR runs gets this one away...fuller outside off, a cracking, skimming, drive which flies wide of mid-off inside the circle;
26.1;?;Ali to Maxwell, no run touch short outside off, doesn't get any timing, off the toe of the bat to cover;
25.6;1;Root to Maxwell, 1 run taken from around off stump through square leg;
25.5;1;Root to Agar, 1 run driven down the ground to long-off;
25.4;?;Root to Agar, no run pushed into the pads from round the wicket but it's worked straight to midwicket;
25.3;1;Root to Maxwell, 1 run flicked off the pads behind square on the leg side...Maxwell now batting in a cap;
25.2;1;Root to Agar, 1 run full and straight, driven down to long-off;
25.1;?;Root to Agar, no run round the wicket, defended;
24.6;1;Ali to Agar, 1 run full, outside off, gets forward and drives to deep cover...that's the halfway mark of the innings;
24.5;?;Ali to Agar, no run full at off stump and driven to cover;
24.4;?;Ali to Agar, no run slides on with the air from round the wicket, driven to cover;
24.3;?;Ali to Agar, no run full and straight, driven to mid-off;
24.2;1;Ali to Maxwell, 1 run touch fuller, closes the face and works it behind square on the leg side;
24.1;?;Ali to Maxwell, no run works a straight delivery to midwicket;
23.6;?;Root to Agar, no run full, at middle and leg, pushed to the on side and Root gets across in his follow through;
23.5;?;Root to Agar, no run gets forward and defends with bat and pad together;
23.4;?;Root to Agar, no run round the wicket, angled in at middle and leg, full, pushed to midwicket;
23.3;1;Root to Maxwell, 1 run pushed to long-on;
23.2;2;Root to Maxwell, 2 runs driven off the back foot through the off side, wide of the sweeper, to bring up Australia's hundred;
23.1;2;Root to Maxwell, 2 runs tucks a straight ball into square leg and scampers back for the second...that was reasonably tight;
22.6;1;Ali to Maxwell, 1 run sweeps a straight delivery to backward square leg, who is quite fine, so just a single...you can sense Maxwell getting twitchy;
22.5;?;Ali to Maxwell, no run drives off the back foot to cover;
22.4;1;Ali to Agar, 1 run goes back to a reasonably full delivery and punches down the ground;
22.3;?;Ali to Agar, no run round the wicket, full and straight, driven back to Moeen;
22.2;1;Ali to Maxwell, 1 run takes this off the stumps, leans back and drives to long-off;
22.1;?;Ali to Maxwell, no run full outside off, defended into midwicket;
21.6;?;Rashid to Agar, no run full and straight, driven to mid-off;
21.5;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run that's a big ugly, aims a big swing into the leg side and gets a thick inside edge that runs through square leg...was a googly;
21.4;?;Rashid to Maxwell, no run a flat-batted drive finds cover as he tries to give himself a touch of room;
21.3;1;Rashid to Agar, 1 run full outside off, gets forward and drives wide of short cover;
21.2;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run leans back and cuts this from around off stump to deep cover;
21.1;1;Rashid to Agar, 1 run tucks a straight ball off his pads behind square;
20.6;?;Ali to Maxwell, no run works a straight ball into midwicket and that's a maiden for Moeen;
20.5;?;Ali to Maxwell, no run short of a length, back into leg stump and drives to cover. Can't find the gap;
20.4;?;Ali to Maxwell, no run forward outside off and defends a full delivery;
20.3;?;Ali to Maxwell, no run driven off the back foot to cover;
20.2;?;Ali to Maxwell, no run back to a slightly shorter ball, pushed to short mid-on;
20.1;?;Ali to Maxwell, no run good length at off stump, gets forward and works into midwicket;
19.6;?;Rashid to Agar, no run very full, a yorker, dug out back down the pitch;
19.5;?;Rashid to Agar, no run works a full ball back to the bowler;
19.4;W;Rashid to Stoinis, OUT edged and gone! Caught behind...not the best ball Rashid has bowled, it's short outside off, Stoinis shapes to cut but can only managed a thin top edge to Buttler;Marcus Stoinis c ?Buttler b Rashid 22 (42m 32b 0x4 1x6) SR: 68.75;
19.3;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run a straighter, quicker, delivery angled into the pads and pushed down to long-on;
19.2;1;Rashid to Stoinis, 1 run full and straight, driven to long-off;
19.1;?;Rashid to Stoinis, no run full outside off, bowled quite slowly, Stoinis pushes square to point;
18.6;2;Ali to Maxwell, 2 runs works a straight ball off the pads through square and that's good running to make the second;
18.5;1;Ali to Stoinis, 1 run touch quicker and flatter, outside off, slides off a thickish outside edge into backward point;
18.4;6;Ali to Stoinis, SIX runs that breaks the shackles! Uses his feet then lofts high over long-on. A clean swing of the bat;
18.3;?;Ali to Stoinis, no run back and across, short of a length, pushed to cover;
18.2;?;Ali to Stoinis, no run back of a length outside off, pushed to the man at short mid-on;
18.1;2;Ali to Stoinis, 2 runs gets well across onto off stump and sweeps behind square;
17.6;1;Rashid to Stoinis, 1 run plays back again and punches to long-off;
17.5;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run full and straight, pushed down the ground to long-on;
17.4;1;Rashid to Stoinis, 1 run a fraction short outside off, plays back and drives to deep cover;
17.3;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run short of a length, onto the back foot, driven wide of short cover to long-off;
17.2;1;Rashid to Stoinis, 1 run full at off stump, pushed into the covers with an open face;
17.1;?;Rashid to Stoinis, no run good length outside off, a leg-break, left alone;
16.6;?;Ali to Maxwell, no run pushed into midwicket with a straight bat;
16.5;?;Ali to Maxwell, no run now he brings out a big sweep, doesn't make contact, gets taken on the pad, well outside the line;
16.4;?;Ali to Maxwell, no run gets away with a leading edge this time as he again looks to flick to the leg side, falls short of cover;
16.3;?;Ali to Maxwell, no run gets across to off stump and worked with a closed face into the leg side;
16.2;2;Ali to Maxwell, 2 runs full outside off, whipped into midwicket;
16.1;W;Ali to Paine, OUT oh dear, what was that from Paine?! Makes a pre-meditated move outside off, brings out the reverse-sweep... and lobs a gentle top edge to short third man! He completely telegraphed his intentions, Buttler was almost far enough across to intercept the ball himself, but to compound that the execution was poor, hitting against the offspin, and he's gifted Moeen a third!;Tim Paine c Wood b Ali 12 (20m 19b 1x4 0x6) SR: 63.15;
15.6;2;Rashid to Stoinis, 2 runs flighted, outside the line of off, gets a stride in and belts a flat drive wide of long-off for a couple;
15.5;1;Rashid to Paine, 1 run comes forward and dabs a single wide of extra cover;
15.4;?;Rashid to Paine, no run baited, tossed up wide of the stumps, Paine watches it spin away into the gloves;
15.3;?;Rashid to Paine, no run full, slow and floaty, Paine drives inside to out but picks out extra cover;
15.2;1;Rashid to Stoinis, 1 run gives it some air, the legbreak on off stump, punched to long-off;
15.1;1;Rashid to Paine, 1 run Rashid tosses the ball up and Paine drives for a single;
14.6;?;Ali to Stoinis, no run tossed up and punched to a fielder again... not looking the most convincing against spin, is Stoinis;
14.5;?;Ali to Stoinis, no run flighted, Stoinis tries to clip a drive down the ground but skews the ball towards mid-off;
14.4;?;Ali to Stoinis, no run flat on the stumps, Stoinis prods it away;
14.3;?;Ali to Stoinis, no run shout of "catch!" as Stoinis chips the ball with the spin, lands safely on the leg side;
14.2;1;Ali to Paine, 1 run comes across and works a single down the ground;
14.1;?;Ali to Paine, no run pushed through on the stumps, dabbed into the covers;
13.6;1;Rashid to Paine, 1 run comes forward and punches one to long-off;
13.5;?;Rashid to Paine, no run stays in the crease and works to the on side;
13.4;?;Rashid to Paine, no run now that is the wrong'un, Paine plays an expansive drive and is beaten, the ball sliding inches past off stump as Buttler then whips off the bails;
13.3;1;Rashid to Stoinis, 1 run pushed through, googly or maybe another slider, worked off the pads;
13.2;?;Rashid to Stoinis, no run flighted, on the stumps and knocked back down the track;
13.1;1;Rashid to Paine, 1 run punched into the off side and Roy misfields at cover to give them a single;
12.6;1;Ali to Paine, 1 run floated up, Paine happy to knock it around and get the scoreboard ticking, one more through mid-on;
12.5;1;Ali to Stoinis, 1 run clips a single down the ground to long-on;
12.4;?;Ali to Stoinis, no run angled in with the arm, Stoinis punches back to the bowler;
12.3;?;Ali to Stoinis, no run flighted, played with the spin to the on side;
12.2;1;Ali to Paine, 1 run now he drops in the crease and dabs a single wide of short third man;
12.1;?;Ali to Paine, no run Paine uses the feet, comes down and clips the ball back to the bowler;
11.6;?;Rashid to Stoinis, no run slider, out the front of the hand, Stoinis is equal to it and punches back towards the bowler;
11.5;?;Rashid to Stoinis, no run nicely slighted legbreak, gripping a touch as the batsman defends watchfully on off;
11.4;1;Rashid to Paine, 1 run tossed up on off, Paine taps one through the covers;
11.3;1;Rashid to Stoinis, 1 run touch short, Stoinis stays back and punches a single to long-off;
11.2;?;Rashid to Stoinis, no run pushed through on the stumps, blocked;
11.1;?;Rashid to Stoinis, no run pushes through a flat legbreak outside off, left alone by Stoinis;
10.6;?;Ali to Paine, no run Paine gets into line and defends;
10.5;?;Ali to Paine, no run tossed up and flicked slightly aerially to the leg side;
10.4;?;Ali to Paine, no run flat on off, better length and that's defended;
10.3;4;Ali to Paine, FOUR runs slightly short and Paine is busy in the crease, rocks back and slams a cut through the covers... Willey gives chase and looks to have prevented four, but the umpires decide that he moved the boundary markers back as he slid through and the ball would have reached the rope, so a boundary is signalled;
10.2;W;Ali to Marsh, OUT bowled 'im! Moeen straightens one and Marsh plays the wrong line, he's off on the Bakerloo as the ball chugs down the Piccadilly to topple off stump. England on top, here;Shaun Marsh b Ali 24 (39m 30b 4x4 0x6) SR: 80;
10.1;1;Ali to Stoinis, 1 run tossed up from over the wicket and worked with the spin through square leg;
9.6;?;Willey to Marsh, no run drifting on to the pads but Marsh's leg glance runs quickly to Rashid at short fine leg and there's no run;
9.5;?;Willey to Marsh, no run full length outside off, 83mph and picks out mid-off coming forwards;
9.4;2;Willey to Marsh, 2 runs full, sliding in, 80mph and Marsh works a couple off his pads - Australia bring up their first 50 in the tenth over;
9.3;?;Willey to Marsh, no run back of a length, chopped down into the off side;
9.2;?;Willey to Marsh, no run full, gets him coming forwards, driven uppishly but it bobbles between two men in the covers;
9.1;1;Willey to Stoinis, 1 run hits a length in the channel, poked into a gap;
8.6;1;Ali to Stoinis, 1 run flat and quick, darted outside off and the ball comes off a thick outside edge, they scamper through as the throw comes in;
8.5;?;Ali to Stoinis, no run pushed through on the stumps, Stoinis blocks;
8.4;W;Ali to Finch, OUT tossed up invitingly, Finch opens his body to go up and over... but only skews a thick outside edge to short third man! England have got rid of the dangerous Finch, Australia's most-experienced batsman, trying to get on top of Moeen but miscuing against the spin;Aaron Finch c Wood b Ali 19 (39m 24b 2x4 0x6) SR: 79.16;
8.3;?;Ali to Finch, no run flat and going on towards off stump, defended from the crease;
8.2;1;Ali to Marsh, 1 run full and drifting into the pads, Marsh drills it back past the diving Moeen, long-on is back offering protection;
8.1;?;Ali to Marsh, no run round the wicket, tossed up on off stump, stroked to mid-off;
7.6;?;Willey to Finch, no run full length, driven to mid-off;
7.5;1;Willey to Marsh, 1 run cross-seam bumper, Marsh is a bit late on the pull and sends it scuttling towards short fine leg... where Adil Rashid manages to wrong foot himself, and gifts a single;
7.4;1;Willey to Finch, 1 run pitched up and punched to mid-off, tight single but the throw is wayward;
7.3;1;Willey to Marsh, 1 run turned into the leg side;
7.2;1;Willey to Finch, 1 run short and straight, Finch tickles the ball through backward square leg for one;
7.1;?;Willey to Finch, no run full and tempting on off stump, driven firmly but straight to mid-off;
6.6;?;Wood to Marsh, no run Marsh gets into line and defends;
6.5;1;Wood to Finch, 1 run full and clipped firmly wide of mid-on, Willey does well diving across to stop it one-handed and hurl in a shy at the stumps;
6.4;1;Wood to Marsh, 1 run back of a length, 87mph and nudged off the body in front of square for one;
6.3;4;Wood to Marsh, FOUR runs short again, Marsh turns off his hip with alacrity... and he's timed that nicely, past square leg and the man fine isn't able to get around and prevent four;
6.2;?;Wood to Marsh, no run back of a length, 88mph on the pads and tapped down square;
6.1;4;Wood to Marsh, FOUR runs shot! Marsh shows some Test-match class with a straight drive eased back down the ground, past mid-off and that'll be four;
5.6;1;Willey to Marsh, 1 run again no width on offer, Marsh manages to shovel the ball to leg, past midwicket for a hasty single;
5.5;?;Willey to Marsh, no run over the top of off, not so much swing now, defended from the crease;
5.4;?;Willey to Marsh, no run good length, 84mph and sliding into the lefty, Marsh blocks back down the track;
5.3;1;Willey to Finch, 1 run slightly fuller and that's nicely played, not quite out of the middle and mid-off slides across to prevent a boundary;
5.2;?;Willey to Finch, no run on the spot again, good length and all Finch can do is defend once again;
5.1;?;Willey to Finch, no run good lines, shaping in as Finch comes across and blocks on off;
4.6;?;Wood to Marsh, no run draws his length back a fraction, 88mph and spandex tight, all Marsh can do is defend into the covers - and that's a maiden over from Wood;
4.5;?;Wood to Marsh, no run pitched up, no width and again Marsh tucks the ball along the carpet to mid-off;
4.4;?;Wood to Marsh, no run full on off, 88mph and stroked back down the pitch without timing, mid-off comes across;
4.3;?;Wood to Marsh, no run a touch leg side again, but Marsh can't get it away;
4.2;?;Wood to Marsh, no run full around middle and off, 89mph and Marsh drives, the bat turns in the hands as it rolls to mid-on;
4.1;?;Wood to Marsh, no run shortish and defended down into the leg side;
3.6;?;Willey to Finch, no run good length, 82mph outside off, left alone;
3.5;4;Willey to Finch, FOUR runs lovely stroke from Finch, he has found his Pom-bashing groove already, gets a stride in and laces the drive through extra cover;
3.4;1;Willey to Marsh, 1 run touch short outside off, Marsh taps it down in front of gully for a single;
3.3;?;Willey to Marsh, no run testing line, 81mph and curving through past off stump as Marsh steps across and shoulders arms;
3.2;1;Willey to Finch, 1 run fuller, shaping on the pads, worked wide of mid-on for one;
3.1;2;Willey to Finch, 2 runs length ball, curling in as Finch chops down and gets a thick inside edge through backward square leg for a couple;
2.6;3;Wood to Finch, 3 runs gets a touch too straight, pitched up and looking for lbw but Finch whips it away, using the pace... Willey does really well out by the deep midwicket rope to pull it in and prevent four;
2.5;?;Wood to Finch, no run touch wider, 88mph and left alone this time;
2.4;?;Wood to Finch, no run in the channel, 86mph and threatening to come in, Finch blocks square;
2.3;?;Wood to Finch, no run touch short, into the pads as Finch hangs back in the crease... high and leg side, though;
2.2;4;Wood to Finch, FOUR runs smashed back down the ground! Overpitched and Finch leans on a drive that whistles past mid-off;
2.1;?;Wood to Finch, no run length ball, defended around off stump;
1.6;4;Willey to Marsh, FOUR runs drops a touch short and Marsh is on to this, too, quick hands as he rifles another boundary through point. Boshed;
1.5;4;Willey to Marsh, FOUR runs lovely timing, Willey keeps the ball pitched up but Marsh is well across and pings it hard and flat past cover for four;
1.4;?;Willey to Marsh, no run good line, 83mph and straightening as Marsh dabs it down square on the off side;
1.3;?;Willey to Marsh, no run good length, shaping in and out on off, Marsh blocks;
1.2;W;Willey to Head, OUT full, lavish swing for Willey, that's nicked straight to slip on the drive! Head doesn't dally, he was looking to get on top but the ball moved a fair way from him, a loose shot having failed to size up the conditions, England have their breakthrough;Travis Head c Bairstow b Willey 5 (8m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 125;
1.1;?;Willey to Head, no run over the wicket, angling in and defended on off stump;
0.6;?;Wood to Finch, no run pounds a length, tight lines and blocked once more;
0.5;?;Wood to Finch, no run rising off a length, thudding into the bat label as Finch defends on off stump;
0.5;1w;Wood to Finch, 1 wide pushes this one down the leg side;
0.4;?;Wood to Finch, no run good length, up at 89mph as Finch comes across to defend softly;
0.3;3;Wood to Head, 3 runs short of a length outside off, Head is positive from the outset and throws his hands through a drive, not quite timed but they get three towards deep extra cover;
0.2;2;Wood to Head, 2 runs length, 84mph and this comes back in a fraction to the left-hander, Head takes his bottom hand off but manages to squirt the ball away through square leg for a couple;
0.1;1;Wood to Finch, 1 run fullish and swinging a touch as Finch presses forward and steers one wide of mid-off to get going straight away;

Mark Wood has a new ball in hand, from the Pavilion End. Finch on strike... Shall we?
12.55pm: Right, here we go, the players are heading out, anthems and shakey hands nonsense... then we can get going. What sort of score will these Matildas waltz to?
"I'm somewhat surprised Australia chose to bat first, even though it's long been the Australian way," muses Ben. "England seem to thrive on chasing as opposed to setting up a game. Bowling second also places our inexperienced bowling attack under pressure." Well, it worked for Scotland, I suppose
"Really disappointed not to see Curran (s) involved in what is a home match to them... " says Lawrence. I must admit I thought Tom might come in for this one
"Where's David Warner at the commentary?" I think he's doing it from a studio back in Australia, George. But he's not involved until the second match on Saturday
12.45pm: The sun is beaming down over T'Oval, looks like another good day to be a batsman round Kennington way. Australia may have an unfamiliar look to them, but there's one player who certainly knows his way around playing England: Aaron Finch averages 55 against them in ODIs, with five of his ten hundreds.
"England fans getting sandpaper to the ground, Alan - Aren't they crossing 'The Line'?" Forget the line, Raul. Let's just keep things (relatively) good-natured, eh?
Here's Daniel: "Can we all just agree that sledging etc (within reason) is part of the game. England shocked the Aussies with an aggressive brand of cricket in 2005. Jimmy barks at batsmen all day. We're no angels. Let's just get on with it." Quite so
12.35pm: With the confirmation of the teams, England have announced that Sam Billings and Jake Ball have been released to play for Kent and Nottinghamshire respectively in tomorrow's Royal London Cup quarter-final. So such luck for Yorkshire, however, who have five players involved in this match, ahead of their trip to Essex.
12.30pm: Australia win the toss and bat. "We're excited to be here in London," says Paine, "the lads have put in a lot of work." Neser is confirmed for a debut and Finch will open alongside Travis Head. Eoin Morgan is happy, too, as he wanted to bowl. England have backed the same attack that got dismantled by Calum MacLeod and co on Sunday, Buttler for Billings the only change. "Today's a new day and hopefully we can rectify those mistakes," says Morgan, of their display in Edinburgh.
England: 1 Jonny Bairstow, 2 Jason Roy, 3 Alex Hales, 4 Joe Root, 5 Eoin Morgan (capt), 6 Jos Buttler (wk), 7 Moeen Ali, 8 David Willey, 9 Liam Plunkett, 10 Adil Rashid, 11 Mark Wood
Australia: 1 Aaron Finch, 2 Travis Head, 3 Shaun Marsh, 4 Marcus Stoinis, 5 Glenn Maxwell, 6 Tim Paine (capt & wk), 7 Ashton Agar, 8 Michael Neser, 9 Andrew Tye, 10 Kane Richardson, 11 Billy Stanlake
12.25pm: News on the bantz bonanza outside The Oval, from Mel Farrell: "Security aren't allowing the sandpaper into the ground. The official line is that it's ambush marketing - with the sticker on the other side - and so not allowed." I'll wager one or two might still make it through...
"I always like seeing Tasmanians as Captain," coos Ryan, clutching a cuddly tiger. "Ponting, Bailey, Paine - great leaders"
Meanwhile, Jamie Dow isn't buying what Australia are selling: "Am I alone in being sceptical of Aus's supposed new culture, when Agar and Lyon have immediately resumed the same-old PsyOps air war, and Langer tells us he warns his daughter to get ready for a broken ... arm (or did I misunderstand?)?" Banter and abuse are different beasts, Jamie, or so we're told. I reckon Langer Jnr can probably handle herself all right
12.20pm: We'll have the toss shortly, when some of Langer's thoughts on the balance of the one-day side will become clear. Will Travis Head open? Is there another chance for Glenn Maxwell? Can uncapped Michael Neser make his case as an allrounder? For England, selection issues are less complicated, with Jos Buttler returning behind the stumps in place of Sam Billings; there could be a change in the bowling attack, too. But one thing that won't be changing is England's attitude, despite that embarrassing defeat to Scotland, as Moeen Ali has made clear.
Ah ha, a wee postscript here: Michael Neser has been handed his cap, the Queenslander given an international debut just a couple of weeks after being called in a as an injury replacement for Josh Hazlewood.
12.10pm: This is, of course, Australia's first commitment post-South Africa, and much has changed in the months since England responded to a dismal Ashes thrashing down under by winning the ODI series 4-1. No Steven Smith, no David Warner, no Darren Lehmann... and James Sutherland will be heading off into the sunset, too. From the fire, comes the chance for regeneration - and Paine finds himself the figurehead for a new era. Langer has already started to
target=_blank>put his stamp on the squad, too, in terms of increased fitness; and if you feel you don't recognise too many of the touring party, we've got a handy guide. Oh, but don't expect sledging to disappear completely, particularly during any rain-break games of UNO.
Here's Dhaval, rubbing his hands together (entirely innocently, I should add): "New-look Australia trying to make a statement with their new style of play. Experienced England coming trying to come to terms after Scotland shock. Can't ask for a better ODI set-up a year before the WC. :)"
11.55am: G'day cobbers, and welcome to the Friendly Series, hashtag: drawingalineunderTheLine. England and Australia are set to square off again, amid the usual hoopla - although it will be handshakes rather than clenched fists before the start, as Australia begin life under new coach Justin Langer and with Tim Paine in charge. Inevitably, however, a few wags in the vicinity of The Oval have already summoned the banter bus: with sandpaper boundary cards being handed out around the ground. That may not be the last reference to Australia's Newlands shenanigans over the next couple of weeks; for this inexperienced Australian squad, the best way to rise above the ribbing will be to follow up on Scotland's Edin-burgling of England at the weekend and give the No. 1-ranked ODI side a few things to think about. I'm Alan Gardner, on best behaviour, and I'll be joined by Andrew "Gnasher" McGlashan to bring you today's action.
 Innings Start
England win by three wickets with plenty of time to spare. It's been one of their less convincing chases and for a little while it appeared they may stumble as they did against Scotland. But David Willey played calmly, an ODI career-best for him, and Australia were left to rue their own poor batting display. Eoin Morgan and Joe Root played nicely, but England's win was set up by the performance of their spinners earlier in the day. We'll bring you the presentations shortly
Sudharshan: "Good innings from Willey when everyone was throwing their wickets."
Tim Paine "England's batting line is really deep, a hard side to bowl, but our bowlers did a terrific. Let down as a batting group. A lot of those guys have good white-ball skills. They played our spinners much better than we played theirs. We have a few wickets away. Our top four or five didn't get the job done. Maxi has been hitting the ball well in the nets and nice to see him translate that to the middle. Thought it was simple today, our top order didn't get the job done."
Eoin Morgan "Very pleased, particularly with the bowler, thought they did amazingly well. The spinners turned the momentum in our favour. They've been a great combination for us in the middle. Moeen had a few left handers to bowl at. He always gives you options, like Ben Stokes. He's had a great day. The Scotland game kicked us into touch and helped is hone our skills. The big positive from today is that we were way off the mark with our batting but managed to win the game. Was nice to bat with Joe and get the momentum going, but more important we won. We can improve again with the ball and with the bat building partnerships is crucial."
Man of the Match is Moeen Ali "The most important thing is we won and to bowl the way I bowled was fantastic. I back myself in the Powerplay, have bowled with the new ball recently and feel confident with it. You wanted to make the batters hit through the off side. You just try to hold your nerve."
We'll wrap things up there for today. England are 1-0 up and the series now moves to Cardiff on Saturday. We'll see you then but for now from Gnasher, Alan and Miller it's goodbye and thanks for joining us.
43.6;6;Neser to Willey, SIX runs good way to finish things! Full and straight, drills through the line it flies into the stands;
43.5;2;Neser to Willey, 2 runs drives a length ball on the up to mid-off, there's a direct hit but Willey is safe and the ball rebounds away for an extra run;
43.4;?;Neser to Willey, no run short of a length, almost pushes through the line a little early;
43.3;1;Neser to Plunkett, 1 run full at off stump, he plays forward and it slides off the outside edge to third man;
43.2;1;Neser to Willey, 1 run tucked off the pads through square leg;
43.1;?;Neser to Willey, no run short of a length, worked into midwicket;
42.6;?;Kane Richardson to Plunkett, no run full and straight, he can't beat Richardson in his follow through. A maiden. That's not an issue for England;
42.5;?;Kane Richardson to Plunkett, no run full and straight, pushed back to the bowler;
42.4;?;Kane Richardson to Plunkett, no run length ball, straight, defended;
42.3;?;Kane Richardson to Plunkett, no run full and straight, slower ball at 73mph, worked down the on side;
42.2;?;Kane Richardson to Plunkett, no run full at off stump, driven to cover;
42.1;?;Kane Richardson to Plunkett, no run short of a length, straight, takes a bit of a leading edge back down the pitch;
41.6;?;Tye to Willey, no run full at off stump, pushed to mid-on;
41.5;?;Tye to Willey, no run short outside off, 73mph, defended to backward point;
41.4;?;Tye to Willey, no run nips in on a good length, Willey is slightly hurried into his defensive shot;
41.3;?;Tye to Willey, no run good length, angled in from round the wicket, defended to the off side ring;
41.2;?;Tye to Willey, no run defeated by a slower one again, dropped in short, he's through his pull way to early, goes on the second bounce to Paine;
41.1;1;Tye to Plunkett, 1 run full at off stump, driven to deep cover;
40.6;4;Neser to Willey, FOUR runs he's like that area today! Touch of width outside off, driven on the up behind point and it beats third man...Tye could have done better with his attempt to flick it back;
40.5;1;Neser to Plunkett, 1 run good length at off stump, blocked through the off side, point can't get across and it runs to the cover sweeper;
40.4;1;Neser to Willey, 1 run full outside off, driven towards mid-off who is just hanging back a little;
40.3;?;Neser to Willey, no run good length at middle and off, defended back down the pitch;
40.2;?;Neser to Willey, no run gets squared up as he defends this good length delivery;
40.1;?;Neser to Willey, no run good length outside off, defended to cover;
39.6;?;Tye to Plunkett, no run full and straight, 85mph, he lunges forward and it runs into the leg side;
39.5;?;Tye to Plunkett, no run full at off stump, 73mph, gets forward and pushes to cover. Subtle variations;
39.4;?;Tye to Plunkett, no run full and straight, pushed to mid-off;
39.3;?;Tye to Plunkett, no run that's a beauty! Seam up this time, 84mph, beats the outside edge and skims past off stump. There was a noise on that! Did he edge it?! There was no appeal. Looks like the noise was bat clipping pad perhaps;
39.2;?;Tye to Plunkett, no run and there's one of them, 74mph, full outside off and beats the outside edge as Plunkett pushes forward;
39.1;?;Tye to Plunkett, no run very full at off stump, driven into the pitch and it bounces to backward point;
38.6;4;Neser to Willey, FOUR runs pumped down the ground! Not sure he was aiming that straight, a short of a length delivery which he carves off the back foot over mid-off;
38.5;?;Neser to Willey, no run back of a length outside off, defended to backward point;
38.4;W;Neser to Ali, OUT he's done it again! Moeen gives it away. A short delivery, angled across the body, he goes for the pull and gets a top edge which is taken at deep midwicket. Was aiming for the long boundary;Moeen Ali c sub (DJM Short) b Neser 17 (35m 17b 3x4 0x6) SR: 100;
38.3;?;Neser to Ali, no run back of a length, pushed to the off side, he thinks of a single but is sent back by Willey;
38.2;4;Neser to Ali, FOUR runs drives through the line of a full delivery, comes from quite low on the bat, but it's straight of mid-off;
38.1;?;Neser to Ali, no run back of a length at middle and off, defended to mid-on;
37.6;?;Tye to Willey, no run good length at off stump, 85mph, a conventional delivery, defended to cover;
37.5;4;Tye to Willey, FOUR runs a slower ball, back of a length (out of the back of the hand), Willey picks it early and heaves it over wide mid-on;
37.4;?;Tye to Willey, no run full at off stump, defended;
37.3;?;Tye to Willey, no run round the wicket, full at stump, flicked firmly to midwicket;
37.2;1;Tye to Ali, 1 run full outside off, 72mph, dabbed down to third man;
37.1;1;Tye to Willey, 1 run short outside off, goes for the pull and gets a bottom edge to the leg side;
36.6;1;Neser to Willey, 1 run good delivery, hint of late movement away from Willey, takes a thick edge, but controlled, and runs to third man;
36.5;?;Neser to Willey, no run a strangled appeal for lbw as Willey tries to work this off his pads, pitched outside leg;
36.4;?;Neser to Willey, no run back of a length at off stump, defended;
36.3;?;Neser to Willey, no run straighter, worked to midwicket;
36.2;4;Neser to Willey, FOUR runs another boundary, a strong square drive from Willey as Neser offers up a touch of width outside, although was played on the up;
36.1;?;Neser to Willey, no run good length at off stump, 83mph, defended;
35.6;4;Kane Richardson to Ali, FOUR runs short and he's quickly onto it, pulls through midwicket and the deep square sweep can't get close;
35.5;2;Kane Richardson to Ali, 2 runs a slightly uppish drive, but safely through the covers and wide of the sweeper;
35.4;?;Kane Richardson to Ali, no run short of a length, defended;
35.3;4;Kane Richardson to Ali, FOUR runs gets away with a top edge, a bouncer, Moeen goes for the hook and it flies almost straight over Paine;
35.2;?;Kane Richardson to Ali, no run defends a good length ball to cover;
35.1;?;Kane Richardson to Ali, no run full outside off, driven firmly to mid-off;
34.6;?;Tye to Willey, no run good length at off stump, played into point;
34.5;?;Tye to Willey, no run leading edge almost finds cover as he looks to work a short-of-a-length delivery to the leg side;
34.4;4;Tye to Willey, FOUR runs short of a length outside off and that's an excellent shot, stands tall and square drives through point;
34.3;?;Tye to Willey, no run back of a length at middle and off, nudged to the leg side. Tye certainly getting the ball to hold in the surface;
34.2;?;Tye to Willey, no run full at off stump, 75mph, defended to mid-on;
34.1;1;Tye to Ali, 1 run short ball, Moeen connects nicely with his pull but there's good work by Neser at deep square;
33.6;?;Kane Richardson to Willey, no run good length at off stump, defended;
33.5;1;Kane Richardson to Ali, 1 run short outside leg stump, he rolls his wrists and pulls to long leg to get off the mark;
33.4;?;Kane Richardson to Ali, no run back of a length, looking to force this away and takes a thickish edge to the leg side;
33.3;?;Kane Richardson to Ali, no run fuller, straighter, worked to the leg side;
33.2;?;Kane Richardson to Ali, no run back of a length at middle and off, defended;
33.1;?;Kane Richardson to Ali, no run back of a length, pushed into the covers;
32.6;?;Tye to Willey, no run a bouncer outside off, left alone;
32.5;?;Tye to Willey, no run the slower ball also does it again, full outside off, Willey nearly through his drive but just manages to keep the ball down;
32.4;2;Tye to Willey, 2 runs full at the stumps, flicked with plenty of bottom hand through midwicket;
32.3;?;Tye to Willey, no run a good length ball, whipped to short midwicket;
32.2;?;Tye to Willey, no run full at middle and off, defended;
32.1;?;Tye to Willey, no run short of a length outside off, played from the back foot to cover;
31.6;1;Stanlake to Willey, 1 run short of a length at the hip, worked into square leg;
31.5;W;Stanlake to Root, OUT he's got him This is game on now! A good length ball outside off, Root playing with an open face outside off, and it's a thin edge;Joe Root c ?Paine b Stanlake 50 (111m 71b 4x4 0x6) SR: 70.42;
31.4;?;Stanlake to Root, no run banged in short, at Root, he's on his toes and defends from in front of his face;
31.3;?;Stanlake to Root, no run fantastic delivery, repeats the yorker, 89mph, dug out to the off side;
31.2;?;Stanlake to Root, no run at off stump, defended to the off side;
31.1;?;Stanlake to Root, no run short of a length outside off, pushed to the covers;
30.6;W;Tye to Buttler, OUT he's gone this time! The Tye slower ball has done the trick. It's the knuckle ball, full length, Buttler is through his shot far too early and offers a simple catch to mid-on;Jos Buttler c Richardson b Tye 9 (9m 11b 2x4 0x6) SR: 81.81;
30.5;?;Tye to Buttler, no run fuller, he drives again, doesn't quite the timing this time and he finds mid-off;
30.4;4;Tye to Buttler, FOUR runs that's a lovely short, wasn't a bad delivery, takes a stride forward and drives through the covers;
30.3;?;Tye to Buttler, no run back of a length outside off, dabbed into the off side;
30.2;?;Tye to Buttler, no run saved by an inside edge as a full delivery shapes in towards the pads, takes a good whack of the bat on the way to the back pad;
30.1;?;Tye to Buttler, no run good length outside off, defended;
29.6;?;Stanlake to Root, no run full at off stump, driven to mid-off;
29.5;1;Stanlake to Buttler, 1 run dropped, it would have been a good catch! A short ball, Buttler goes for the pull, gets a top edge and Paine does all the hard work to run back towards short fine leg, gets it in his gloves and then it bursts out as he falls to the ground;
29.4;?;Stanlake to Buttler, no run gets right across outside off and defends a back-of-a-length delivery to cover;
29.3;4;Stanlake to Buttler, FOUR runs what a shot! Buttler off the mark in style, just drives through the line of a full delivery and lofts it over mid-off. Bat actually twisted as he played that;
29.2;?;Stanlake to Buttler, no run back of a length outside off, 89mph, left alone;
29.1;1;Stanlake to Root, 1 run short outside off, back cut down to third man and that's his fifty from 65 balls;
28.6;?;Tye to Buttler, no run back of a length at off stump, defended to midwicket;
28.5;W;Tye to Morgan, OUT he's got him, under edge to the keeper! Tye has provided the breakthrough. Comes round the wicket, it's not a great ball, short of a length outside off, and a thin bottom edge to Paine. That is actually the first ball round the wicket to Morgan from a quick bowler;Eoin Morgan c ?Paine b Tye 69 (80m 74b 11x4 0x6) SR: 93.24;
28.4;1;Tye to Root, 1 run good length, straight, worked into midwicket;
28.4;1w;Tye to Root, 1 wide a very short delivery outside off, Paine does well to grab it one handed with a leap and no surprise that's a wide;
28.3;?;Tye to Root, no run full at middle and off, a punchy drive finds mid-off;
28.2;2;Tye to Root, 2 runs gets forward and drives into the covers;
28.1;?;Tye to Root, no run back of a length, straight, defended to mid-on;
27.6;1;Stanlake to Root, 1 run short of a length, angled into the hip, tucked behind square;
27.5;?;Stanlake to Root, no run fuller, at off stump, driven back past the bowler and mid-off is able to get across;
27.4;?;Stanlake to Root, no run straighter delivery, at the stumps, just back of a length so defended from quite deep in the crease;
27.3;?;Stanlake to Root, no run touch fuller, played off the back foot to the covers;
27.2;4;Stanlake to Root, FOUR runs terrific shot, latches on to a short ball outside off, cuts it up and over backward point and wide of third man. Top placement;
27.1;?;Stanlake to Root, no run short of a length at off stump, defended;
26.6;1;Kane Richardson to Root, 1 run back of a length outside, cut through point to the sweeper;
26.5;1;Kane Richardson to Morgan, 1 run flicked off his body to deep square leg;
26.4;?;Kane Richardson to Morgan, no run almost finds midwicket this time, goes for a pull, the ball doesn't come on and takes the splice but falls just short;
26.3;?;Kane Richardson to Morgan, no run touch shorter, forced into midwicket;
26.2;?;Kane Richardson to Morgan, no run back of a length at off stump, 80mph, defended to the on side;
26.1;1;Kane Richardson to Root, 1 run back of a length outside off, a type dab with an open face that beats backward point;
25.6;1;Agar to Root, 1 run skips back in the crease to a shortish delivery and pushes down the ground;
25.5;1;Agar to Morgan, 1 run the bottom hand comes into play as he plays this down to long-on;
25.4;?;Agar to Morgan, no run punched back to the bowler;
25.3;1;Agar to Root, 1 run tossed up full at the stumps, driven to long-off;
25.2;2;Agar to Root, 2 runs short, Root goes deep in his crease and pulls it backward of square, the sweeper is just able to cut it off and that's the hundred stand;
25.1;1;Agar to Morgan, 1 run full and straight, flicked to deep midwicket;
24.6;?;Kane Richardson to Root, no run good length at off stump, defended;
24.5;1;Kane Richardson to Morgan, 1 run too straight, on the legs, worked to deep square leg;
24.4;2;Kane Richardson to Morgan, 2 runs short of a length on the hip, worked down to long leg and it's a tight second run but the dive gets him home;
24.3;4;Kane Richardson to Morgan, FOUR runs short outside leg stump, bit of a freebie, Morgan swivels on a hook and gets it fine, wide of the keeper;
24.2;?;Kane Richardson to Morgan, no run back on off stump, short of a length, defended;
24.1;4;Kane Richardson to Morgan, FOUR runs dispatched through the off side! Short outside off, square drives through the covers, wide of the sweeper;
23.6;1;Agar to Morgan, 1 run again a bit too short, Morgan whips it through straight midwicket off the back foot;
23.5;?;Agar to Morgan, no run driven off the back foot to cover;
23.4;1;Agar to Root, 1 run good delivery, straightens on Root and there's a touch of extra bounce, but pushed into the covers for a sharp single;
23.3;?;Agar to Root, no run touch short outside off, back cut into the point area;
23.2;1;Agar to Morgan, 1 run full at off stump, stretches forward and drives into the covers;
23.1;4;Agar to Morgan, FOUR runs round the wicket, dragged down short outside off, Morgan rocks back and square cuts in front of point to reach his fifty off 58 balls;
22.6;1;Kane Richardson to Morgan, 1 run another short one, around leg stump, doesn't get as big on Morgan this time and he's able to hook to long leg;
22.5;?;Kane Richardson to Morgan, no run good length at off stump, 84mph, defended back to the bowler;
22.4;?;Kane Richardson to Morgan, no run length ball, straight, defended;
22.3;4;Kane Richardson to Morgan, FOUR runs a slower ball, comes out as a full toss outside off, Morgan's slightly and drives in the air but finds a gap through the covers;
22.2;?;Kane Richardson to Morgan, no run back of a length at middle and leg, defended;
22.1;?;Kane Richardson to Morgan, no run huge appeal for caught behind as Morgan hooks at a bouncer outside leg stump. But Paine declines to review. Not given wide. Passes close to bat and glove but no spike no Snicko;
21.6;?;Stanlake to Root, no run short of a length outside off, gets on top of bounce and plays into backward point;
21.5;1;Stanlake to Morgan, 1 run fuller, outside off, driven strongly square of the wicket to deep point;
21.4;?;Stanlake to Morgan, no run stays in his crease this time, short of a length, driven at the top of the bounce to mid-off;
21.3;?;Stanlake to Morgan, no run he's keen to get forward, pushes a back-of-a-length delivery on the walk into the covers;
21.2;?;Stanlake to Morgan, no run back of a length at middle and off, 86mph, defended;
21.1;1;Stanlake to Root, 1 run length ball outside off, chopped down to third man;
20.6;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run forward and blocked;
20.5;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run head over the ball, straight back down the pitch;
20.4;4;Maxwell to Morgan, FOUR runs swept with a flourish out through backward square;
20.3;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run angling into the left hander and defended rather uneasily down into the crease;
20.2;1;Maxwell to Root, 1 run another single into the gap;
20.1;?;Maxwell to Root, no run on the back foot and pushed back down the pitch;
19.6;2;Stanlake to Morgan, 2 runs clipped in the air, out to deep midwicket, and there's some rather average fielding on the rope from Head, who slides round, deflects the ball five yards further along the rope, and just about claws it back in at the second attempt;
19.5;2;Stanlake to Morgan, 2 runs width, and cracked hard into the covers, gathered by the sweeper but that's good intent from Morgan;
19.4;?;Stanlake to Morgan, no run banged in short, Morgan ducks;
19.3;?;Stanlake to Morgan, no run down the track, tucked up a touch, and nudged back down the pitch;
19.2;1;Stanlake to Root, 1 run angling into the pads, and helped round the corner;
19.1;?;Stanlake to Root, no run outside off, that's a lovely line, just back of a length. Beats the edge;
18.6;1;Maxwell to Root, 1 run flipped off the toes into the leg side once more;
18.5;1;Maxwell to Morgan, 1 run punched into the covers off the back foot;
18.4;1;Maxwell to Root, 1 run back of a length, and clipped to the leg side;
18.3;1;Maxwell to Morgan, 1 run width and cut to point;
18.2;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run striding forward and blocked down the pitch;
18.1;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run outside off, wide line, left alone;
17.6;4;Agar to Root, FOUR runs cheeky from Root! Dropping to one knee in a premeditated move, and flicking the ball high over the keeper's head. That gets things moving again;
17.5;?;Agar to Root, no run solidly onto the front foot, and dabbed out to cover;
17.4;1;Agar to Morgan, 1 run gliding cut, out through point;
17.3;1;Agar to Root, 1 run open-faced steer, out to deep cover;
17.2;?;Agar to Root, no run sliding back onto the stumps, and blocked in front of middle;
17.1;?;Agar to Root, no run fully forward and blocked to cover;
16.6;4;Tye to Morgan, FOUR runs short and hauled gleefully through square leg. England are starting to find their groove now. Singles aplenty, and the boundaries are a bonus;
16.5;1;Tye to Root, 1 run open faced dab through third man;
16.4;1;Tye to Morgan, 1 run full length, driven to cover and it's a direct hit from Marsh! Morgan looked as though he was home, and sure enough, he's in by two feet;
16.3;?;Tye to Morgan, no run looping slower ball, eased down the ground to mid-off;
16.2;4;Tye to Morgan, FOUR runs poor ball, on the pads, back of a length, and that's a freebie as Morgan flicks his bat down the leg side and helps it on its way;
16.1;1;Tye to Root, 1 run up on the toes, another punched drive into space in the covers;
15.6;1;Agar to Root, 1 run poked out to point. England content to deal in singles for the moment;
15.5;1;Agar to Morgan, 1 run back of a length once more, outside off, Morgan chops down into the crease, cramped for room on the late cut, and accepts the single behind the keeper;
15.4;?;Agar to Morgan, no run back of a length, skidding through, defended back to the bowler who half-stops;
15.3;1;Agar to Root, 1 run full face of the bat, pushing back down the line of the ball;
15.2;1;Agar to Morgan, 1 run forward and finds the gap at cover;
15.1;1;Agar to Root, 1 run driven into the covers;
14.6;1;Tye to Root, 1 run opens the face to glide a drive down to third man;
14.6;1w;Tye to Root, 1 wide slower ball, down the leg side, Root is miffed to miss out on a languid pull... looked like a flick of fabric there, but the umpire singles the wide;
14.5;?;Tye to Root, no run slower ball, wider line, pushed to point;
14.4;2;Tye to Root, 2 runs eased into the covers, Root sets himself for two early and sprints urgently back;
14.3;?;Tye to Root, no run banged in short, ducked by Root, and Tye gets away with the wide. Well directed;
14.2;1;Tye to Morgan, 1 run slashed hard through point and is that a drop? On the half-volley I reckon, Maxwell gets down low and does well to intercept, really;
14.1;1;Tye to Root, 1 run standing tall on the back foot and punched out to deep point;
13.6;4;Agar to Morgan, FOUR runs another reverse from Morgan and this time he beats the field! Top tonking from England's skipper;
13.5;?;Agar to Morgan, no run eased to the on side, no way through there. Good lines from Agar;
13.4;?;Agar to Morgan, no run clipped uppishly to the leg side;
13.3;?;Agar to Morgan, no run pushed urgently back down the pitch;
13.2;?;Agar to Morgan, no run forward and defended;
13.1;?;Agar to Morgan, no run low full toss, and out comes Morgan's paddywhack, reversing the hands to flog the ball straight to backward square. Connected well to no avail;
12.6;1;Tye to Morgan, 1 run slower ball, tapped to square leg for another single;
12.5;?;Tye to Morgan, no run blocked again on the back foot;
12.4;1;Tye to Root, 1 run hurried on the back foot, and had Maxwell gathered at cover that would have been close! He's furious with himself, Root was a goner with a direct hit!;
12.3;1;Tye to Morgan, 1 run good confident stride across the crease to reach the wider delivery, and wristily drilled into the covers;
12.2;?;Tye to Morgan, no run on the back foot, punched into the off side;
12.1;?;Tye to Morgan, no run defended back down the pitch;
11.6;?;Stanlake to Root, no run attempted flick to the leg side, and golly, that rolled rather close to leg stump!;
11.5;?;Stanlake to Root, no run well bowled, dipping late into the toes;
11.4;1;Stanlake to Morgan, 1 run hoping back and across, another single into the covers;
11.3;4;Stanlake to Morgan, FOUR runs on the toes, a touch misdirected and well chiselled through midwicket. England keep striding onwards, albeit with a few wobbles;
11.2;1;Stanlake to Root, 1 run outside off, tapped down to third man;
11.1;?;Stanlake to Root, no run outside off, angling in, through to the keeper;
10.6;1;Kane Richardson to Root, 1 run punched with lots of bottom hand into the covers;
10.5;1;Kane Richardson to Morgan, 1 run hauled round the corner for a single;
10.4;?;Kane Richardson to Morgan, no run outside off, a slightly wider line, no stroke offered;
10.3;?;Kane Richardson to Morgan, no run through to the keeper, angling across the left-hander, tight to off stump and good carry;
10.2;1;Kane Richardson to Root, 1 run up on the toes, tapped with a full blade into the covers for the single;
10.1;4;Kane Richardson to Root, FOUR runs oh lovely. That's Root at this best, leaning into the drive and easing through the gap. Effortless and effective;
9.6;4;Stanlake to Morgan, FOUR runs it's a bluff, Stanlake hits a length but there's width on offer, Morgan just uses the face and glides it for four through backward point;
9.5;?;Stanlake to Morgan, no run fuller, on the stumps, Morgan clips it without timing to mid-on;
9.4;?;Stanlake to Morgan, no run bumper, touch leg side, climbs very high and Morgan watches it through;
9.3;?;Stanlake to Morgan, no run angled across from over the wicket, 88mph and Morgan defends down into the turf outside off;
9.2;?;Stanlake to Morgan, no run good length but blocked coming forward on off stump;
9.1;1;Stanlake to Root, 1 run short of a length, 87mph and rearing at Root who rides it and guides one to third man;
8.6;?;Neser to Morgan, no run back of a length in the channel, tapped towards extra cover;
8.5;1;Neser to Root, 1 run strays on to the pads, Root flicks it away firmly but Stanlake gets down well at short fine leg and prevents a boundary;
8.4;?;Neser to Root, no run drops back outside off and runs the ball towards backward point, Morgan correctly says there's no run there;
8.3;?;Neser to Root, no run full, clipped off the front pad but he finds midwicket;
8.2;?;Neser to Root, no run comes across and pats the ball softly into the covers;
8.1;?;Neser to Root, no run fullish around off stump, Root chops down on it;
7.6;?;Kane Richardson to Morgan, no run pitched up on off stump, blocked into the covers;
7.5;4;Kane Richardson to Morgan, FOUR runs dug in, another half-tracker at 79mph and Morgan is more in control of his shot, pulled away in the air but wide of fine leg and he picks up a boundary to get off the mark;
7.4;?;Kane Richardson to Morgan, no run fullish, 83mph, defended back down the track;
7.3;?;Kane Richardson to Morgan, no run over the wicket, length ball around off, Morgan shows it a straight bat;
7.2;W;Kane Richardson to Bairstow, OUT short ball, Bairstow rocks on to the pull - and swipes it straight down the throat of deep square leg! Daft shot choice, and Australia have a third! They are amongst 'em, Richardson strikes now, and it doesn't say how the batsman got out in t'book;Jonny Bairstow c Head b Richardson 28 (32m 23b 6x4 0x6) SR: 121.73;
7.1;?;Kane Richardson to Bairstow, no run fired in on off, 82mph and Bairstow defends with the outside half of the bat;
6.6;4;Neser to Root, FOUR runs slightly overpitched, there's not much margin of error against a player of Root's class, he just leans on this and stroke his first boundary back down the ground;
6.5;1;Neser to Bairstow, 1 run on the stumps, worked across the line for a single;
6.4;?;Neser to Bairstow, no run fourth-stump line, driven on the up to the man on the edge of the ring;
6.3;?;Neser to Bairstow, no run full, tailing in towards middle and leg, dug out to mid-on;
6.2;1;Neser to Root, 1 run pitched up, 80mph on the stumps, whipped away through midwicket, he has cover out there;
6.1;?;Neser to Root, no run length, tight lines and Root defends;
5.6;4;Kane Richardson to Bairstow, FOUR runs regal stuff from YJB, up on his toes and he clatters a back-foot drive in front of cover for another boundary... He's scored 27 out of England's 32 so far;
5.5;?;Kane Richardson to Bairstow, no run fullish in the channel, takes aim at another scything blow through the covers, mistimed;
5.4;?;Kane Richardson to Bairstow, no run better lines, 83mph and nipping in as Bairstow taps into the covers from the crease;
5.3;?;Kane Richardson to Bairstow, no run length ball, punched back to the on side;
5.2;?;Kane Richardson to Bairstow, no run short and wide, again he chases a cross-batted shot but fails to connect;
5.1;4;Kane Richardson to Bairstow, FOUR runs and he's slapped away through backward point first ball, a 79mph loosener and YJB latches on;
4.6;?;Stanlake to Root, no run pitched up, 87mph and driven, Stanlake fields in his follow through;
4.5;?;Stanlake to Root, no run plays this on the back foot, tapped to extra cover;
4.4;?;Stanlake to Root, no run short and rising over the stumps, 89mph and Root jumps into line;
4.3;1;Stanlake to Bairstow, 1 run back of a length, seaming a fraction as Bairstow forces away from his body, gets a thick inside edge past his legs for one;
4.2;?;Stanlake to Bairstow, no run length, 88mph and met on the front foot, blocked to cover;
4.1;?;Stanlake to Bairstow, no run shortish outside off, chopped into the covers;
3.6;?;Neser to Root, no run gets across and shows it a straight bat on off stump;
3.5;?;Neser to Root, no run pitched up, 83mph and blocked coming across;
3.4;?;Neser to Root, no run superb line and length, perfect to a new batsman, holding just enough to beat the outside edge as Root hangs back;
3.3;W;Neser to Hales, OUT full and straight, hit on the back pad... given! Dharmesena's finger goes up, Neser has his maiden international wicket! No review from Hales, sounded like there might have been an inside edge, but it was otherwise pretty adjacent, stuck on the crease and playing across the line;Alex Hales lbw b Neser 5 (14m 10b 1x4 0x6) SR: 50;
3.2;?;Neser to Hales, no run touch short, 83mph and steered towards point from the crease;
3.1;?;Neser to Hales, no run good length, holding its line outside off, Hales prods into the covers;
2.6;?;Stanlake to Bairstow, no run fullish, on the stumps and clipped to mid-on;
2.5;4;Stanlake to Bairstow, FOUR runs overpitched, Bairstow times the pants os this drive, zips through the covers for another boundary!;
2.4;4;Stanlake to Bairstow, FOUR runs crunched through cover point, bit of width and YJB climbs into it, races away;
2.3;1;Stanlake to Hales, 1 run full outside off, 91mph and driven in front of square, Agar gets a hand on it in the covers to prevent four;
2.2;4;Stanlake to Hales, FOUR runs short ball, sits up outside off, Hales swings breezily and plonks the ball up and away away over midwicket for four more, first runs off Stanlake;
2.1;?;Stanlake to Hales, no run back of a length, tapped into the off side;
1.6;?;Neser to Bairstow, no run good length on off, Bairstow comes across;
1.5;4;Neser to Bairstow, FOUR runs bit of nibble, 83mph but it takes the outside edge, flies wide of slip for four! Went quickly and low, no chance of a catch unless there was another man in;
1.4;?;Neser to Bairstow, no run angled in with the arm and clipped towards mid-on;
1.3;4;Neser to Bairstow, FOUR runs smashed through point... Minimal foot movement but there's no swing and he just cracks square it for four;
1.2;?;Neser to Bairstow, no run pitched up and driven, sounded sweet off the bat but straight to mid-on;
1.1;2;Neser to Bairstow, 2 runs length around off, 82mph, Bairstow works it away through backward square leg for a couple;
0.6;?;Stanlake to Hales, no run quick, above 90mph again, Hales rasps a back-foot punch straight to point;
0.5;?;Stanlake to Hales, no run full around off, 91.3mph this time, real licks on the ball from Lil Bill - defended;
0.4;?;Stanlake to Hales, no run fired in straighter, 89mph and tucked down calmly to the leg side;
0.3;?;Stanlake to Hales, no run short outside off, climbing through as Hales shoulders arms;
0.2;W;Stanlake to Roy, OUT straight through him! Stanlake shivers Roy's timbers with his second ball, a ferocious nip-backer, 90mph and maybe flicked the inside edge before smacking off stump right in the eye! That's a corking nut first up, Australia have the early lift with the ball they needed;Jason Roy b Stanlake 0 (3m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
0.1;?;Stanlake to Roy, no run back of a length, 85mph and pushed into the covers off the back foot;

Welcome back, folks. Can Australia make a game of this? Here come the men in canary yellow... Followed by England openers Jason Roy and Jonny Bairstow. Lil Bill Stanlake to crank it up with the new ball
 Innings Start
Australia
England
1st ODI (D/N), The Oval, Jun 13 2018, Australia tour of England
214
218/7
Player of the match is Moeen Ali, ENG
England won by 3 wickets (with 36 balls remaining)
