Data
It was a battling start. Lee and Bracken moved the ball in the air and off the seam and troubled Tendulkar and Ganguly. Lee, in particular, harassed Tendulkar but he hung in there despite being beaten more than a few times. Ganguly took the initiative and started to attack before falling in the 20th over. Yuvraj Singh was fluent from the start and Tendulkar began to find his range slowly before Dhoni and a impetuous Robin indulged in some big hitting at the end to lift India to 291 for 4. That's it from me, Sriram Veera. Over to Anand Vasu. Join him for the run chase.
Do click here to download free desktop alerts.
49.6;6;Bracken to Dhoni, SIX runs Jumps out again and lofts a fullish delivery over long-on boundary. What a finish. India end up on 291.;
49.5;4;Bracken to Dhoni, FOUR runs Dhoni doesn't walk. He charges down the track to meet the ball on the full and drills it to the straight boundary. What a last over this for India.;
49.4;1;Bracken to Uthappa, 1 run walks across this time, going for a paddle sweep but ends up getting a leading edge to cover;
49.3;4;Bracken to Uthappa, FOUR runs length delivery on the middle stump line and that disappears into the deep midwicket boundary. Another walk and a swing across the line, one bounce over the ropes.;
49.2;4;Bracken to Uthappa, FOUR runs It's an Uthappa shot. He walks down the track, converts an intended yorker into a full toss and lofts it to wide long-on region;
49.1;1;Bracken to Dhoni, 1 run yorker length, on the middle, dug out to right of extra cover.;
48.6;1;Lee to Dhoni, 1 run Similar delivery and Dhoni uses his bottom-hand to chip it towards deep midwicket;
48.5;1lb;Lee to Uthappa, 1 leg bye full-pitched, drifting on to the pads, Uthappa misses to connect with his intended swing shot and will pick a leg bye;
48.4;?;Lee to Uthappa, no run He tries to repeat the stroke, was late in walking out this time and misses to connect with his drive. The good thing is he likes to drive straight down the ground;
48.3;4;Lee to Uthappa, FOUR runs It's becoming his signature stroke. Another walk down the track and he knifes it through the line over the bowler's head.;
48.2;?;Lee to Uthappa, no run full and on the off and middle, driven back to Lee who makes a fine stop on his followthrough;
48.1;4;Lee to Uthappa, FOUR runs Another walk down the track - he doesn't charge out, prefers to walk like Hayden- and scooped a full delivery inside-out over extra cover;
47.6;1;Bracken to Uthappa, 1 run yorker length, outside off stump, stabbed away to backward point;
47.5;?;Bracken to Uthappa, no run Short of length, Uthappa backs away to the leg side and tries to flat-bat it through the off side. The ball bounces over the blade and Gilchrist gathers, removes the bails and then appeals for a catch. The umpire is unmoved.;
47.4;4;Bracken to Uthappa, FOUR runs again walks imperiously down the track, takes the ball on the full and smokes it over the bowler's head;
47.3;1;Bracken to Dhoni, 1 run low full toss, on the middle stump line, worked to midwicket;
47.2;1;Bracken to Uthappa, 1 run walks down the track, the ball dips on him and the intended drive to long-off goes awry and it runs to the on side;
47.1;?;Bracken to Uthappa, no run from round the stumps, yorker length on the off and middle, pushed to midwicket;
46.6;1lb;Hogg to Uthappa, 1 leg bye Now Uthappa goes for a reverse sweep, misses and it runs off the pad;
46.5;1;Hogg to Dhoni, 1 run threatens to reverse sweep before playing it conventionally to midwicket;
46.4;1;Hogg to Uthappa, 1 run around the off stump, guided to short third man;
46.3;1;Hogg to Dhoni, 1 run full delivery on the off stump line, reverse swept to short third man;
46.2;1;Hogg to Uthappa, 1 run googly on the middle stump line, Uthappa picks it, leans forward and places it with the turn to cover point;
46.1;4;Hogg to Uthappa, FOUR runs Floated in on the middle stump line and Uthappa biffed it to wide long-on. Clean hit.;
45.6;1;Bracken to Uthappa, 1 run fullish, on the middle stump line, driven to long-on for a single;
45.5;W;Bracken to Dravid, OUT Another yorker length, on that off stump line, Dravid tries to repeat that chop to third man boundary, the bat comes inside the line and the ball crashes into the off stump;Rahul Dravid b Bracken 13 (15m 14b 2x4 0x6) SR: 92.85;
45.4;?;Bracken to Dravid, no run yorker length, outside off stump, Dravid tries to jab it away, misses and it gets struck on the helmet grill of Gilchrist! Bizarre.;
45.3;4;Bracken to Dravid, FOUR runs Super shot. Full and well outside off, Dravid waited on the ball before guiding it very fine to third man boundary. No panic shown, he just caressed it away.;
45.2;4;Bracken to Dravid, FOUR runs stays round the stumps, full and outside off , Dravid lunges forward to knife it over cover;
45.1;1;Bracken to Dhoni, 1 run from round the stumps - Gilchrist is standing up to the stumps- yorker length, driven down the ground;
44.6;1;Hogg to Dhoni, 1 run retains the strike with a nurdle to the on side;
44.5;1;Hogg to Dravid, 1 run it was full in length, turning in from off and middle, Dravid tried to make room by backing to the leg side but the length and line cramps him and he ends up pushing it to short third man;
44.4;?;Hogg to Dravid, no run googly that landed outside leg stump, swept straight to short fine leg;
44.3;1;Hogg to Dhoni, 1 run loopy delivery on the middle stump line, pushed to wide mid-off region for a single;
44.2;1;Hogg to Dravid, 1 run comes down the track, tries to loft it over the infield but ends up inside edging to wide of midwicket;
44.1;?;Hogg to Dravid, no run on the off and middle, Dravid goes back to work it to midwicket;
43.6;?;Hopes to Dhoni, no run length delivery around the off stump, hit on the up to extra cover;
43.5;2lb;Hopes to Dhoni, 2 leg byes full and again drifting down the leg side, Dhoni fails to connect with his intended drag across the line and the ball runs off the pad towards third man. Dhoni runs hard to come back for the second run;
43.5;1w;Hopes to Dhoni, 1 wide wide down the leg side and Gilchrist does well to move across to gather it;
43.4;1;Hopes to Dravid, 1 run slower one, off break, on the off stump line, guided through backward point for a single;
43.3;?;Hopes to Dravid, no run length delivery zipping past the off stump, Dravid tries to chop it away but is beaten;
43.2;1;Hopes to Dhoni, 1 run slower one , full and straight, turned to the on side for a single;
43.1;?;Hopes to Dhoni, no run full and drifting on the pads, Dhoni misses to connect with his swing across the line.;
42.6;?;Hogg to Dravid, no run yorker length, on the middle, jabbed away;
42.5;1;Hogg to Dhoni, 1 run pings the long-off for yet another single;
42.4;1;Hogg to Dravid, 1 run pushes it to the off side for a single;
42.3;1;Hogg to Dhoni, 1 run again short, on the leg and middle, Dhoni pulls it to deep midwicket where Hayden fields and fires in a throw that almost took out Bucknor at square-leg. Bucknor jumps out of the way. Not a wise decision to hit the umpire, especially when you are batsman;
42.2;1;Hogg to Dravid, 1 run flighted delivery outside off, Dravid leans forward to flick it through midwicket for a single. That brings Dhoni back on strike;
42.1;1;Hogg to Dhoni, 1 run very short and on the leg stump line, Dhoni pulls it to left of deep square leg. He missed a opportunity there.;
41.6;?;Hopes to Dravid, no run on a length, coming in towards the middle stump, pushed to the on side;
41.5;W;Hopes to Tendulkar, OUT Full in length, on the off and middle, Tendulkar missed a paddle sweep and the ball ran to Lee at short fine leg region. There was a huge shout for lbw and Bucknor turned it down. Meanwhile, Tendulkar had reached almost the middle of the track and was sent back but couldn't beat Lee's direct hit. It caught everybody by surprise. Gilchrist was still appealing...;Sachin Tendulkar run out (Lee) 79 (184m 119b 7x4 0x6) SR: 66.38;
41.4;1;Hopes to Dhoni, 1 run full-pitched on the middle, Dhoni biffed it over Tendulkar's head, down to long-on;
41.3;1;Hopes to Tendulkar, 1 run nice. Slower one outside off stump, fullish, Tendulkar waited before guiding it to third man.;
41.2;1;Hopes to Dhoni, 1 run length delivery on the off and middle, forced off the back foot to long-on;
41.1;2;Hopes to Dhoni, 2 runs yorker length, on the leg stump line, Dhoni clears the front foot and drives to right of long-on;
40.6;1;Johnson to Dhoni, 1 run yorker length, on the off stump line, dug out through extra cover;
40.5;4;Johnson to Dhoni, FOUR runs Runs are coming in a flood. A slower one, full and on the off and middle, Dhoni waited on the ball before driving it straight down the ground.;
40.4;4;Johnson to Dhoni, FOUR runs length delivery outside off stump and Dhoni despatches it between the bowler and mid-on. Four more.;
40.3;1;Johnson to Tendulkar, 1 run backs to the leg side, Johnson hurls it outside off stump and Tendulkar moves towards the line and drills it to deep cover;
40.2;?;Johnson to Tendulkar, no run;
40.1;4;Johnson to Tendulkar, FOUR runs Short and rising outside off stump, upper cut to the third man boundary.;
39.6;4;Hopes to Dhoni, FOUR runs Lemon cut. Full and outside off, Dhoni is late in getting forward, lunges at it and gets a inside edge past the stumps.;
39.5;4;Hopes to Dhoni, FOUR runs Whack. Fullish, outside off stump, Dhoni stood and delivered. Violence. He biffed it across the line and the ball sped to the long-on boundary;
39.4;1;Hopes to Tendulkar, 1 run punches a length delivery to deep cover;
39.3;4;Hopes to Tendulkar, FOUR runs Cheeky paddle sweep. He first shuffled outside leg stump and then moved right across the stumps to paddle a low full toss to fine leg boundary;
39.2;?;Hopes to Tendulkar, no run kept low that time, outside off and Tendulkar tries to swish across the line but the lack of bounce does in for him;
39.1;2;Hopes to Tendulkar, 2 runs full and wide off off, Tendulkar backs away again and gets the placement this time to complete a quick couple;
38.6;1;Johnson to Tendulkar, 1 run glided to fine leg for a single;
38.5;?;Johnson to Tendulkar, no run 125.3kph, on the shorter side, Tendulkar backs away and attempts another flay but the bounce beats him, he can't get bat onto ball;
38.4;1;Johnson to Dhoni, 1 run slightly outside off but the length is good, Dhoni cracks it hard but straight to the fielder;
38.3;2;Johnson to Dhoni, 2 runs tucked away to the leg side for a single;
38.2;1;Johnson to Tendulkar, 1 run makes room and flashes a full ball square of the wicket, can't get the boundary, though;
38.1;1;Johnson to Dhoni, 1 run slightly wide and spanked square cut from Dhoni, straight to the fielder, though;
37.6;1;Hopes to Dhoni, 1 run down the track and smashed to long-on;
37.5;1lb;Hopes to Tendulkar, 1 leg bye tries to cutely paddle it behind short fine leg but can't get the timing right, good bowling from Hopes, on and outside off;
37.4;1;Hopes to Dhoni, 1 run on the pads and tucked away for a single;
37.3;?;Hopes to Dhoni, no run straight and probing again, cut away to the off side, straight to the fielder;
37.2;?;Hopes to Dhoni, no run accurate bowling here, on off and good length, defended firmly back to the bowler;
37.1;1;Hopes to Tendulkar, 1 run shuffles across and whips it in front of square for a quick single;
36.6;?;Johnson to Dhoni, no run;
36.5;1;Johnson to Tendulkar, 1 run inside edge trickles to fine leg for a single;
36.4;?;Johnson to Tendulkar, no run makes room and tries to flay through covers but straight to the fielder;
36.3;1;Johnson to Dhoni, 1 run turned to square leg;
36.2;?;Johnson to Dhoni, no run pushed to point, well directed on off stump;
36.1;1;Johnson to Tendulkar, 1 run slower one, outside off, dying on the batsman, taps to the off side for a single;
35.6;W;Hopes to Yuvraj, OUT Gone. Yuvraj falls. Short of length delivery, on the off stump, Yuvraj goes for a lofted drive on the up but can only end up ballooning it to extra cover.;Yuvraj Singh c Ponting b Hopes 39 (61m 55b 5x4 0x6) SR: 70.9;
35.5;?;Hopes to Yuvraj, no run short of length, on the off stump, chopped to short third man;
35.4;?;Hopes to Yuvraj, no run;
35.3;1lb;Hopes to Tendulkar, 1 leg bye Short of length, outside off stump, Tendulkar gets outside the crease, tries to work it to the on side, misses and it brushes the back pad en route to Gilchrist who fails to gather. His poor day continues. A stumping chance missed.;
35.2;?;Hopes to Tendulkar, no run short of length, angling in towards middle stump. defended down the track;
35.1;1;Hopes to Yuvraj, 1 run full-pitched on the middle and off, driven uppishly to long-off;
34.6;?;Bracken to Tendulkar, no run 108.1 kmph slower one, full, on the middle, dead-batted to the on side;
34.5;1;Bracken to Yuvraj, 1 run leans forward to drive to long-off;
34.5;1w;Bracken to Yuvraj, 1 wide 108.3 kmph slower one, well outside off stump, Yuvraj Singh can't connect with his square drive. Wide called. Harsh.;
34.4;1;Bracken to Tendulkar, 1 run leans forward to drive to deep cover;
34.3;1;Bracken to Yuvraj, 1 run fullish, outside off stump, Yuvraj strides forward to drill it through the line and it goes one bounce to left of long-off where Hogg makes a half-stop. But they ran only a single. Hmm...;
34.2;?;Bracken to Yuvraj, no run slower one outside off stump, Yuvraj adjusts to tap it to short third man region;
34.1;?;Bracken to Yuvraj, no run full and outside off, Yuvraj is late in getting forward to drive and ends up mistiming it to midwicket;
33.6;1;Symonds to Yuvraj, 1 run retains the strike with a drive to long-on;
33.5;?;Symonds to Yuvraj, no run full and outside off, driven to Symonds;
33.4;?;Symonds to Yuvraj, no run;
33.3;?;Symonds to Yuvraj, no run leans forward to push a length delivery back to Symonds;
33.2;4;Symonds to Yuvraj, FOUR runs from round the stumps, drifting to the leg stump line and Yuvraj paddles it away to the fine leg boundary. No force. Just a gentle paddle.;
33.1;1;Symonds to Tendulkar, 1 run on the off stump line, punched through cover point;
32.6;1;Bracken to Tendulkar, 1 run;
32.5;4;Bracken to Tendulkar, FOUR runs Ah! It was a short of length delivery on the off stump line and Tendulkar shuffled across to play a pre-determined paddle shot and beats the diving short fine-leg fielder;
32.4;1;Bracken to Yuvraj, 1 run gets behind the line to work it through midwicket;
32.3;4;Bracken to Yuvraj, FOUR runs Drifting in towards the off stump line, Yuvraj Singh waited on the ball before late-cutting it ala Ranatunga to the third man boundary. Very skillful.;
32.2;?;Bracken to Yuvraj, no run slower one 113. 7 kmph, Yuvraj skipped down the track and was comprehensively beaten by the change of pace;
32.1;?;Bracken to Yuvraj, no run on a length, around the off stump, Yuvraj leans forward to defend;
31.6;4;Symonds to Tendulkar, FOUR runs full and outside off stump, drilled to extra cover boundary.;
31.5;?;Symonds to Tendulkar, no run;
31.4;?;Symonds to Tendulkar, no run and again turned to midwicket;
31.3;?;Symonds to Tendulkar, no run on the middle stump line, worked to midwicket;
31.2;2;Symonds to Tendulkar, 2 runs skips down the track and wrists a loopy delivery on the off stump line past square leg. 50 up for Tendulkar. It has been a battling innings but he has hung around, taken care not to throw his wicket away.. HRG pipes up: This is the 84th time when Tendulkar has managed a score between 50 and 99. Inzamam-ul-Haq has done so on 83 occassions and Dravid 81 times.;
31.1;1;Symonds to Yuvraj, 1 run leans forward to punch it to long-off for a single;
30.6;1;Hogg to Yuvraj, 1 run keeps the strike with a drive to long-on;
30.5;4;Hogg to Yuvraj, FOUR runs Feisty cut shot. Short in length and well outside off stump, cut through backward point;
30.5;1w;Hogg to Yuvraj, 1 wide another wide down the leg side and this time Gilchrist manages to get his pad in line;
30.4;?;Hogg to Yuvraj, no run;
30.3;4;Hogg to Yuvraj, FOUR runs here comes the sweep shot. Flighted delivery on the middle stump and Yuvraj swept it powerfully to deep square leg boundary;
30.2;?;Hogg to Yuvraj, no run comes down the track but Hogg gets the ball to dip rapidly on Yuvraj who adjusts to defend it down the track;
30.1;1;Hogg to Tendulkar, 1 run leans forward and places a ball on the off stump to cover point;
29.6;2;Symonds to Yuvraj, 2 runs again full and straight and this time Yuvraj paddles it away. Symonds is concentrating on varying his pace, not bothered about extracting spin. Just keeping it tight. He bowls round the stumps to Yuvraj.;
29.5;?;Symonds to Yuvraj, no run leans forward to defend another straight delivery;
29.4;1;Symonds to Tendulkar, 1 run full and straight, no spin, paddled away to short fine leg;
29.3;?;Symonds to Tendulkar, no run on the middle and off, pushed to square leg where Clarke makes a diving stop;. Bit of yes and no from the batsman and it remains a dot ball;
29.2;?;Symonds to Tendulkar, no run;
29.1;?;Symonds to Tendulkar, no run arm-ball, outside off stump, Tendulkar shuffles across and dabs it to the on side;
28.6;?;Hogg to Yuvraj, no run loopy flighted delivery on the middle and off, driven powerfully down the track and Hogg makes a half-stop. The ball rolls past Tendulkar and there is no chance of a run;
28.5;?;Hogg to Yuvraj, no run;
28.4;?;Hogg to Yuvraj, no run full and straight, on the middle and leg, deflected to midwicket;
28.3;4;Hogg to Yuvraj, FOUR runs another bad delivery. Short and wide outside off stump, Yuvraj Singh gets across to cut it between backward point and short third man;
28.3;5w;Hogg to Yuvraj, 5 wide Wide down the leg again. Yuvraj misses his sweep shot and Gilchrist is late in coming across.;
28.2;?;Hogg to Yuvraj, no run slightly short, outside off, cut to backward point;
28.1;?;Hogg to Yuvraj, no run lands outside off stump and spins away, Yuvraj ends up pushing inside the line;
27.6;1;Symonds to Yuvraj, 1 run fullish, on the off stump line, driven to long-on for yet another single.;
27.5;1;Symonds to Tendulkar, 1 run slightly short in length, outside the off stump, Tendulkar goes on the back foot to cut it away past point;
27.4;1;Symonds to Yuvraj, 1 run on the middle and leg, flicked behind square leg;
27.3;?;Symonds to Yuvraj, no run from round the stumps, full and straight, driven to midwicket;
27.3;1w;Symonds to Yuvraj, 1 wide another wide down the leg side. Extra no 25;
27.2;1;Symonds to Tendulkar, 1 run leans forward to drive to long-on;
27.1;1;Symonds to Yuvraj, 1 run on the middle and leg, worked to left of midwicket;
26.6;?;Hogg to Tendulkar, no run takes a step or two down the track and drives back to Hogg. Good tight over this.;
26.5;1;Hogg to Yuvraj, 1 run quicker one, goes on straight, on the middle and off, Yuvraj goes back to punch it to long-off;
26.4;?;Hogg to Yuvraj, no run lands outside off stump and spins away, Yuvraj is beaten on the cut shot. He seems to be a touch impatient. Will he go for the sweep shot this time?;
26.3;?;Hogg to Yuvraj, no run;
26.2;?;Hogg to Yuvraj, no run comes down the track, Hogg drags back the length and Yuvraj pads it away;
26.1;1;Hogg to Tendulkar, 1 run on the off stump line, driven to long-off;
25.6;?;Symonds to Yuvraj, no run again full and straight, from round the stumps, driven back to the bowler.;
25.5;?;Symonds to Yuvraj, no run again driven down the track and Symonds lunges to his left to make a half-stop;
25.4;?;Symonds to Yuvraj, no run on the off stump line, driven back to Symonds;
25.3;?;Symonds to Yuvraj, no run on the off stump line, tapped close on the off side, Yuvraj wanted a single but Tendulkar sends him back. Wise decision.;
25.2;1;Symonds to Tendulkar, 1 run on the middle and off line, Tendulkar drives it to long-on for a single;
25.1;1;Symonds to Yuvraj, 1 run floated in on the leg stump, from round the stumps, flicked to deep square leg;
24.6;1;Hogg to Yuvraj, 1 run flighted delivery, again very full, Yuvraj drives to sweeper cover;
24.5;1;Hogg to Tendulkar, 1 run really short delivery and it spins in, Tendulkar pulls it to deep square leg;
24.4;?;Hogg to Tendulkar, no run full and outside off stump, turns in, Tendulkar paddles it away to short fine leg;
24.3;1;Hogg to Yuvraj, 1 run fuller, on the middle and leg, Yuvraj drives it down the ground for a single;
24.2;?;Hogg to Yuvraj, no run comes down the track, Hogg drags back the length and Yuvraj adjust by lunging forward to jab it away;
24.1;?;Hogg to Yuvraj, no run flighted delivery outside off stump, full, mistimes a drive to cover;
23.6;?;Hopes to Tendulkar, no run 133.6 kmph - he keeps varying the pace cleverly, short in length, coming in, defended to the on side;
23.5;?;Hopes to Tendulkar, no run fuller, slower, 118kmph, around the off stump, pushed to point;
23.4;?;Hopes to Tendulkar, no run short in length, outside off stump, Tendulkar taps it gently to right of Hayden at backward point;
23.3;1;Hopes to Yuvraj, 1 run fullish, outside off stump, driven to deep cover for a single;
23.2;?;Hopes to Yuvraj, no run;
23.1;?;Hopes to Yuvraj, no run;
22.6;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run on the middle and off, squeezed out to cover;
22.5;4;Lee to Tendulkar, FOUR runs No mistake this time. He is quick to lean forward to a full delivery outside off stump and creams it to through extra cover. Full swing of the bat, the head over the ball and gets the result he wants. Hodge had gone across from the sweeper cover position, threw in a sliding dive but only made a half-stop and the ball bounced away past the ropes;
22.4;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run full and again in the region outside off, Tendulkar is a tad late in getting forward but manages to jab it away;
22.3;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run full and hint of swing away, driven to cover. Tendulkar covered for the swing and played it late.;
22.2;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run again in the zone outside off stump, no swing this time, Tendulkar shoulders arms;
22.1;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run teasing outswinger and Tendulkar leans forward, shapes to play before withdrawing his bat from the line. Good cricket all round.;
21.6;?;Hopes to Yuvraj, no run kicks up from a length, on the middle and off, Yuvraj leans forward, tries to work it to on side, misses and is struck on the inner thigh. Ouch.;
21.5;1;Hopes to Tendulkar, 1 run comes in from outside off stump, Tendulkar goes on the back foot to tickle it short fine-leg region;
21.4;2;Hopes to Tendulkar, 2 runs short in length, on the middle, Tendulkar stays back and wrists it forcefully to right of deep square leg where Hodge gets across to make a sliding stop;
21.3;?;Hopes to Tendulkar, no run slower in pace, on a length, coming in from outside off stump, Tendulkar drives on the up to extra cover;
21.2;1;Hopes to Yuvraj, 1 run full and slanting away from Yuvraj who strides forward confidently before running it down to wide third man;
21.1;1;Hopes to Tendulkar, 1 run full in length, outside off stump, Tendulkar shuffles across, opens the bat-face and runs it down to third man;
20.6;?;Johnson to Yuvraj, no run short of length, outside off stump, Yuvraj moves towards the line and punches it on the up to point.;
20.5;1;Johnson to Tendulkar, 1 run full and outside off, Tendulkar leans into his cover drive;
20.5;1w;Johnson to Tendulkar, 1 wide down the leg side and its a wide.;
20.4;1;Johnson to Yuvraj, 1 run short of length, on the middle and leg, clipped to long leg for a single;
20.3;1lb;Johnson to Tendulkar, 1 leg bye on a length, on the middle line, worked past square leg;
20.2;?;Johnson to Tendulkar, no run fuller, just outside the off stump, swung in a touch, Tendulkar went for a cover drive,the bat came outside the line and the ball threads the bat and pad gap;
20.1;4;Johnson to Tendulkar, FOUR runs Tendulkar's best shot of the day. Short and rising, outside off stump, Tendulkar went back and across, got on top of the bounce and punched it away through backward point.;
19.6;W;Hopes to Ganguly, OUT Hopes gets the breakthrough. Full and outside off, Ganguly kept his front leg outside the leg stump and went for a slash but ended up nicking it to Gilchrist, who is standing up to the stumps.;Sourav Ganguly c ?Gilchrist b Hopes 41 (95m 59b 6x4 0x6) SR: 69.49;
19.5;1;Hopes to Tendulkar, 1 run length delivery on the off and middle, wristed past square leg for a single;
19.4;1;Hopes to Ganguly, 1 run on a length, outside off stump, punched through cover point for a single;
19.3;1;Hopes to Tendulkar, 1 run full in length, outside the off stump, forced to sweeper cover;
19.2;?;Hopes to Tendulkar, no run on a length, on the off and middle, driven down the track;
19.1;?;Hopes to Tendulkar, no run full in length, outside the off stump, coming in a touch, Tendulkar eases it to mid-on;
18.6;?;Hogg to Ganguly, no run stays back to push a delivery on the off and middle to cover;
18.5;1;Hogg to Tendulkar, 1 run leans forward to push to long-off;
18.4;1;Hogg to Ganguly, 1 run flighted delivery on the off and middle, driven to long-on for a single. Gilchrist likes that delivery and screams, "Yes George".;
18.3;?;Hogg to Ganguly, no run;
18.2;?;Hogg to Ganguly, no run leans forward to defend and is hit on the pad on the off stump line;
18.1;1b;Hogg to Tendulkar, 1 bye keeps very low. Interesting. Floated outside off stump, Tendulkar shaped to cut but was surprised as it shoots below the bat and Gilchrist again is unable to gather;
17.6;?;Symonds to Ganguly, no run slids down the leg side, Ganguly goes on the back foot, tries to flick it, misses and it strikes the pad;
17.5;1;Symonds to Tendulkar, 1 run makes contact with the cut shot this time and will get a single.;
17.4;?;Symonds to Tendulkar, no run flatter, quicker, outside off stump, Tendulkar is beaten on the cut;
17.3;1;Symonds to Ganguly, 1 run pushes to cover for a single;
17.2;1;Symonds to Tendulkar, 1 run goes back to pick a single past cover;
17.1;1;Symonds to Ganguly, 1 run;
17.1;5w;Symonds to Ganguly, 5 wide drifts down the leg side, Ganguly misses his glance, Gilchirst fails to come across in time and it runs to the boundary. 21 sundries. Its good that India have fielded an "Extra" batsman.;
16.6;?;Hogg to Tendulkar, no run defends on the front foot;
16.5;1;Hogg to Ganguly, 1 run leans forward to drive to long-on for a single. In the Indian dressing room RP Singh is seen chatting with Lalchand Rajput, the manager. Murali Kartik is sitting beside.;
16.4;?;Hogg to Ganguly, no run The wrong'un this time and Ganguly goes back foot to jab it away;
16.3;?;Hogg to Ganguly, no run tries to cut a length delivery spinning away from him and is beaten.;
16.2;?;Hogg to Ganguly, no run flighted delivery on the off stump line, Ganguly leans for steers to backward point;
16.1;1;Hogg to Tendulkar, 1 run goes back to defend a orthodox chinaman delivery;
15.6;?;Symonds to Ganguly, no run outside the off stump, full, Ganguly tries to sweep, misses and it runs off the front pad to the off side;
15.5;1;Symonds to Tendulkar, 1 run a single now to long leg region. Remember, Ponting has not taken the 3rd Powerplay;
15.4;2;Symonds to Tendulkar, 2 runs floated outside off stump, cut past backward point;
15.4;2w;Symonds to Ganguly, 2 wide down the leg side, beats Ganguly's sweep and Gilchrist's gloves.;
15.3;?;Symonds to Ganguly, no run goes on the back foot and again pings the cover;
15.2;?;Symonds to Ganguly, no run from round the stumps, comes in with the arm, on the middle and leg, punched to cover;
15.1;1;Symonds to Tendulkar, 1 run floats on the middle line, driven through the on side;
14.6;1;Hopes to Tendulkar, 1 run Full and straight, enough for Tendulkar to work it to deep square leg;
14.5;?;Hopes to Tendulkar, no run outside the off stump, left alone;
14.4;?;Hopes to Tendulkar, no run lands on a length, on the off stump, moves in to evade the intended glance and strikes the thigh pad;
14.3;2;Hopes to Tendulkar, 2 runs corrects the length by sending a full one, on the middle and Tendulkar wrists it through midwicket;
14.2;4;Hopes to Tendulkar, FOUR runs Wood on leather this time. Short of length, outside off stump, Tendulkar frees his arms at the width and gets it through backward point area.;
14.1;?;Hopes to Tendulkar, no run On a length and it moves away off the seam, outside off, Tendulkar tries to force it off the back foot but doesn't make contact;
13.6;4;Johnson to Ganguly, FOUR runs loose delivery. Slipping on the pads and with the fine leg in the circle, Ganguly clips it past him.;
13.5;?;Johnson to Ganguly, no run backs to the legside and tries to thrash a length delivery through the off side but can only get a inside edge to the on side;
13.4;?;Johnson to Ganguly, no run on a length, comes in towards middle stump, worked to midwicket;
13.3;?;Johnson to Ganguly, no run;
13.2;2;Johnson to Ganguly, 2 runs walks right across the sticks and tries to chip it to the on side but the ball curves away from him and he gets a leading edge over point;
13.1;?;Johnson to Ganguly, no run short of length, on the off stump line, punched to point;
12.6;?;Bracken to Tendulkar, no run short of length, outside off stump, mistimes it to cover. Tendulkar has divorced his timing.;
12.5;1;Bracken to Ganguly, 1 run steered to third man for a single;
12.4;4;Bracken to Ganguly, FOUR runs Ganguly breaks free. A dash down the track and he slices it over cover point.;
12.3;?;Bracken to Ganguly, no run full in length, outside off stump, Ganguly tries to cut at the width but it was not the length for it and mistimes it to point;
12.3;1w;Bracken to Ganguly, 1 wide 14th extra comes up: A wide down the leg side.;
12.2;1;Bracken to Tendulkar, 1 run fullish, on the middle and leg, curving in, Tendulkar drives but the bat-handle rotates and the ball runs between midwicket and mid-on;
12.1;1;Bracken to Ganguly, 1 run pushed to the off side for a single;
11.6;2;Johnson to Tendulkar, 2 runs on leg, turned away behind square for a single;
11.5;?;Johnson to Tendulkar, no run 126.8kph this time, slower ball from Johnson, rolling his fingers over the ball, Tendulkar beaten by the lack of pace and can't get hold of it;
11.4;?;Johnson to Tendulkar, no run 140.4kph that time and Tendulkar tries to cut one that's too close to him, no room to free his arms and only a tame push emerges, straight to the mid-on fielder;
11.3;?;Johnson to Tendulkar, no run on middle and leg, tucked away to the leg side but straight to the fielder who is there just for that;
11.2;?;Johnson to Tendulkar, no run full and outside off, kept low a bit, there's a bit of dual-bounce in the pitch today, Tendulkar tries to flash but is beaten by the lack of bounce;
11.1;2;Johnson to Tendulkar, 2 runs straying down the pads and Tendulkar whips it elegantly to square leg, not timed that well but they come back for two;
10.6;1;Bracken to Tendulkar, 1 run full and on the pads, tapped away towards short midwicket for a quick single;
10.5;?;Bracken to Tendulkar, no run super line again, Bracken mixing the wides with the gems, probing outside off, the McGrath line and moved slightly away from the right-hander, Tendulkar pokes and misses;
10.5;1w;Bracken to Tendulkar, 1 wide too far down off, swinging away too, wide called again.;
10.4;?;Bracken to Tendulkar, no run on and around off, moving away from the right-hander, Tendulkar prods but can't reach the ball, good use of the crease by Bracken, he's coming from wide and sometimes getting close to the umpire;
10.3;3;Bracken to Ganguly, 3 runs some intent from Ganguly, walks down the ground and scoops it high over square leg, more height than elevation and it's more a chip that doesn't reach the boundary;
10.3;3w;Bracken to Ganguly, 3 wide well down the leg side, wide rightly called, Gilchrist dives full length to his right and collects it behind the stumps;
10.2;?;Bracken to Ganguly, no run good line from Bracken, full and angling into middle, Ganguly pushes tentatively and it dribbles away to the off side;
10.1;1;Bracken to Tendulkar, 1 run Good line outside off, tapped away cautiously to the off side for a quick single;
9.6;2;Johnson to Ganguly, 2 runs full and well outside off this time, Ganguly eases it through the extra cover region;
9.5;4;Johnson to Ganguly, FOUR runs Bad delivery. Full and down the leg side, Ganguly says thank you for the respite and flicks it away.;
9.4;?;Johnson to Ganguly, no run short again but this one doesn't bounce much and Ganguly pushes it out to cover;
9.4;1w;Johnson to Ganguly, 1 wide short and well outside off, Ganguly can't connect with his cut shot. Johnson is not too pleased with the wide call.;
9.4;1w;Johnson to Ganguly, 1 wide slips down the leg side;
9.3;1;Johnson to Tendulkar, 1 run fuller, on the middle stump line and Tendulkar works it behind square leg. Another single in that region. Very interesting.;
9.2;?;Johnson to Tendulkar, no run Almost played on. Banged in short, slanting past Tendulkar who tries to punch it away but can only get a inside edge that bounces past the stumps. A slip and a short midwicket in place;
9.1;1;Johnson to Ganguly, 1 run tip and run. Taps a length delivery to the off side and runs with the stroke;
8.6;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run 148 kmph delivery on the off stump line, defended away;
8.5;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run 151kmph now. He is really cranking it up here. In the corridor outside off but Tendulkar judges the movement well and lets it zip past him.;
8.4;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run 148 kmph delivery outside the off stump and it holds its line and that beats Tendulkar who ends up pushing inside the line. Lee is turning Tendulkar inside out here. Fab stuff.;
8.3;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run 143 kmph snorter. At the rib-cage - the Malcolm Marshall length- and Tendulkar could only offer a ugly fend at it and the ball scoops up in the air but lands in no-mans' land at short point region;
8.2;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run beaten again. Deja-vu at Chandigarh. 149 kmph. Full and outside off, hint of movement away, Tendulkar seemed struck on the crease and lunged out at the last minute, trying to drive but the ball curves past the outside edge.;
8.1;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run Fullish, outside off stump, driven to cover.;
7.6;?;Johnson to Ganguly, no run;
7.5;?;Johnson to Ganguly, no run full and outside off, keeps very low, Ganguly pushes at it, the ball runs off the bottom edge, along the ground, to the right of Ponting at second slip;
7.4;?;Johnson to Ganguly, no run Some swing again. All three have got the ball move in the air. This one is a outswinger and Ganguly steers it to point.;
7.3;?;Johnson to Ganguly, no run bangs it in, on the off stump line, Ganguly tries to pull his bat out of the line but the ball keeps coming in, hits the bat and runs away to backward point;
7.2;1;Johnson to Tendulkar, 1 run on the middle stump line, Tendulkar goes back to work it to long-leg. All his three runs, informs Srinivas Raju, our scorer, have been in that area.;
7.1;?;Johnson to Tendulkar, no run lands on a length, on the middle, bends in to strike the thigh pad.;
6.6;1;Lee to Tendulkar, 1 run Surprise. Some runs. Full and on the middle and leg, going on with the angle, trying to trap him lbw but Tendulkar works it to long leg;
6.5;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run leans forward to push a length delivery to cover;
6.4;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run Lee sends this one full and straight, hint of movement in, on the middle and leg, Tendulkar tries to wrist it away, misses and is struck on the front pad. Lee and co go up in appeal, Suresh Shastri is unmoved. The ball would have hit the leg stump.;
6.3;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run Ah! this time he gets it to swing late and Tendulkar is sucked into a push that proves almost fatal. The ball swings past the outside edge;
6.2;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run There is certainly some swing. Lee is getting it to swing a touch too early in the trajectory. Tendulkar spots the movement away and lets it go.;
6.2;1w;Lee to Tendulkar, 1 wide Here comes a bouncer and moves down the leg side. Wide called.;
6.1;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run Full and outside off, Tendulkar is in his monk mood. Abstaining from drives and shoulders arms;
5.6;4;Bracken to Ganguly, FOUR runs walks right across the sticks -as if he expected a delivery outside off stump - and punched a length delivery past the diving point fielder. Certain risks have to be taken to push the run-rate.;
5.5;?;Bracken to Ganguly, no run in the zone outside off, Ganguly lets it swing past him;
5.4;?;Bracken to Ganguly, no run on the middle line, driven to mid-on;
5.3;4;Bracken to Ganguly, FOUR runs Full and it swung away, Ganguly stretched forward and across and creamed it through extra cover.;
5.2;?;Bracken to Ganguly, no run First signs of aggression. No luck though. Full and outside off, Ganguly has a slash and a miss.;
5.1;?;Bracken to Ganguly, no run Outside the off stump, left alone. Two slips and a gully in place;
4.6;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run fuller, straighter, flicked straight to square leg. On better days, Tendulkar would have wristed that past the square-leg fielder .;
4.5;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run kicks up from short of length, outside the off stump and Tendulkar shoulders arms. 13 in 5th over. Hmm.. a very cautious start.;
4.4;1;Lee to Ganguly, 1 run Full-pitched, on the off and middle, Ganguly eases it towards mid-off for a quick single;
4.3;?;Lee to Ganguly, no run beaten Fuller and slanting outside the off stump, Ganguly is leaden footed and just pushes his bat away from the body but ...;
4.2;?;Lee to Ganguly, no run hits the deck short of length, on the middle and off, moves towards off, steered to cover region;
4.1;?;Lee to Ganguly, no run on the leg and middle, moves towards the pad, and pushed to square leg;
3.6;?;Bracken to Tendulkar, no run again on the middle line, defended with the full face of the bat - the change of bat is working eh - down the track;
3.5;?;Bracken to Tendulkar, no run lands on a length, on the middle and off and bends in, Tendulkar jabs it away to the leg side. This is good stuff from Bracken. Inswingers on a right line and length. He has not even tried, yet, to take the ball away from Tendulkar;
3.4;?;Bracken to Tendulkar, no run on the middle, shaping in a touch, worked to square leg;
3.3;1;Bracken to Ganguly, 1 run full in length, moving away from Ganguly who runs it down to third man for a single;
3.2;?;Bracken to Ganguly, no run;
3.1;?;Bracken to Ganguly, no run outside the off stump, left alone;
2.6;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run here comes the outswinger and Tendulkar lunges forward, sees the movement and pulls his bat out of the line. A fine over comes to an end. Australia on the attack here.;
2.6;1w;Lee to Tendulkar, 1 wide Way outside the off stump. Must have gone for the outswinger.;
2.5;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run on the off stump line, short of length and this time Tendulkar gets behind the line to defend. Ball on bat. It would have pleased him.;
2.4;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run shout for a catch behind. Tendulkar's woes continue. This one lands on a length, outside the off stump and goes on straight, Tendulkar, based on the two previous deliveries, gets his bat outside the line, covering for the outswing and is beaten as the ball goes through the bat and pad gap. There seemed to be no deflection but ... the b>snickometer reveals that Tendulkar had got a inside edge;
2.3;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run Fab stuff again. Fuller and curving away from Tendulkar, a touch outside off and Tendulkar is lured into a cover drive but can't connect.;
2.2;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run Even better. Closer to the off stump and Tendulkar is sucked into the forward prod and the ball teases the outside edge. Close.;
2.1;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run nice. Teasing outswinger in the zone outside off, Tendulkar leans forward, shaping to drive and decides to leave it alone;
2.1;5w;Lee to Tendulkar, 5 wide Slips down the leg-side and what's more, it beats Gilchrist as well.;
1.6;?;Bracken to Ganguly, no run lands well outside the off stump and sails harmlessly past Ganguly;
1.5;?;Bracken to Ganguly, no run full and on the middle and off, defended on the front foot;
1.4;?;Bracken to Ganguly, no run again on that off stump, curving away, Ganguly tries to withdraw his bat and the ball goes off the toe end of the bat to backward point. Superb first over this.;
1.3;?;Bracken to Ganguly, no run Continues to bend that ball. A outswinger to the left-handed Ganguly who is squared up trying to work it across the line and edges it to point.;
1.2;1;Bracken to Tendulkar, 1 run Another inswinger, again on the middle and leg and Tendulkar flicks it behind square leg;
1.1;?;Bracken to Tendulkar, no run Huge appeal for a lbw. Some good inswing rightaway. It was full, on the middle and leg and curved in to strike the front pad. Going down leg side though. Tendulkar was dismissed by such a inswinging delivery in the first game. Johnson was the bowler then.;
0.6;?;Lee to Ganguly, no run closer to the off stump, holds its line, another lame poke by Ganguly, this time outside the line and he gets an inside edge that takes the ball dangerously close to the stumps;
0.5;?;Lee to Ganguly, no run beaten. Full and well outside the off stump, Ganguly has a tentative poke at it;
0.4;?;Lee to Ganguly, no run on the middle and leg, short of length, tickled to square leg;
0.3;4;Lee to Ganguly, FOUR runs First runs and its a boundary. Banged in short, on the middle and leg, curves in, Ganguly shuffles across towards off and middle and clips it to fine-leg boundary.;
0.2;?;Lee to Ganguly, no run fuller, on the off stump, hint of curve in and Ganguly gets behind the line and pushes it cautiously to mid-off;
0.1;?;Lee to Ganguly, no run Right ... full on a length, slanting away Ganguly who opens the bat-face to steer it to point. Two slips in place.;

It's India v Australia time again. It's been quite a ride. As the Times of India's Bachi Karkaria wrote on the verbal wars : "With all this sledging, you'd think cricket was a game played in Antarctica."
Toss Dhoni chooses to bat. Three changes in the Indian team. RP Singh, Sourav Ganguly and Murali Kartik are in, replacing Sreesanth, Gautam Gambhir and Rohit Sharma.
For Australia, Nathan Bracken has replaced Stuart Clark.
"There's been some dew this morning, ground staff have been going around the outfield with sheets for the last hour," informs George Binoy, our man at the ground. "Otherwise it's a very sunny day, I haven't seen a blue sky like this anywhere else!"
Ponting has been at it again, accusing India's early-series attitude of being "fake" after their behaviour turnaround during the third ODI on Friday. "If the Indians can play the sort of cricket they did play for the first couple of games and then completely turn around and go the other way in the other games, it showed us how fake, if you like, the first part of the series was as far as they're concerned." Hmm... these boys love to talk, don't they.
George again: " Venkatesh Prasad is having a long chat with Sreesanth, who has been dropped. Apart from these two, only Robin Singh, the fielding coach, and Rohit Sharma are on the ground."
The giant screen is flashing this message: "Stuart Clark congratulates England to their recent rugby win." As you England beat Australia 12 - 10 in the quarter-final of the Rugby World Cup.
--------------
Right ... the players are walking out to the middle. Huge cheers go up as the two openers - Tendulkar and Ganguly - walk out. The ground is about 60 per cent full.
 Innings Start
Mahendra Singh Dhoni will be a relieved man. It's his first win as ODI captain and has taken four games to come by.
The Man of the Match is Mahendra Singh Dhoni for his all-round performance with bat and behind the stumps. That's all we have for you from the live commentary team. See you at the next game. This is Anand Vasu, saying cheers and goodbye, signing off.
49.6;?;Khan to Lee, no run swing and a miss and it's all over. India have won by 8 runs! It's been a really tight finish and finally India have managed to win a game in this series.;
49.5;1;Khan to Hopes, 1 run another full ball, played back to Zaheer, he dives and fields. He thinks about throwing one end, then the other, lobs it towards the striker's end. Just one run taken;
49.4;1;Khan to Lee, 1 run low full-toss on the stumps, driven at, only the single as the ball is dug out;
49.3;?;Khan to Lee, no run short of a length, on the stumps, Lee has a huge swing and a miss, through to the keeper;
49.2;1;Khan to Hopes, 1 run fullish and on the stumps, driven to the off side, just the single this time;
49.1;4;Khan to Hopes, FOUR runs Bang! That is a quality hit to begin the over from Hopes. The ball is full, straight and right in the slot. Hopes cashes in with a straight drive that races away to the fence;
48.6;1;Singh to Hopes, 1 run full and outside the off, squeezed through point and just another single. India won't mind that. Excellent over from RP in the context of the match;
48.5;1;Singh to Lee, 1 run full and straight once more, driven hard back down the ground, past the bowler, Uthappa is at long-on and runs around and fields really well. This has been a really tight over so far from RP;
48.4;1;Singh to Hopes, 1 run full-toss on the pads, could have gone anywhere, Hopes only manages to work the ball through square-leg for a single;
48.3;1;Singh to Lee, 1 run low full-toss once more, RP doing well here, driven down to long-on for yet another single. The pressure is seriously mounting on the batsmen here;
48.2;1;Singh to Hopes, 1 run low full-toss outside the off, eased down towards long-off for a single;
48.1;1;Singh to Lee, 1 run fullish and on the off, Lee drives but can't beat the man at mid-off;
47.6;?;Kartik to Hopes, no run tossed up and on the off, the batsman comes down the pitch but can't get it away, driven back to Kartik who has bowled extremely well in this innings;
47.5;1;Kartik to Lee, 1 run Lee forces this one to the leg for a scampered single;
47.4;?;Kartik to Lee, no run tossed up and outside the off, a bit of turn as well, eased to the off side;
47.3;?;Kartik to Lee, no run flat and on the stumps, excellent ball to Lee first up, defended back down the pitch;
47.2;1;Kartik to Hopes, 1 run flatter and a bit straighter, swept down just wide of the diving fielder at short fine-leg;
47.1;?;Kartik to Hopes, no run tossed up and on the middle and off, a bit of turn, played down to short third-man;
46.6;W;Singh to Hogg, OUT fullish and on the pads, Hogg works this down the pitch and ambles rather aimlessly further towards the bowler. RP Singh has pounced on the ball in a flash and lets rip a powerful and accurate throw. The stumps are down and that's the end of Brad Hogg! India right back in this game now;Brad Hogg run out (Singh) 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
46.5;W;Singh to Symonds, OUT Got him! This is a huge, huge wicket for India at this stage. Symonds, perhaps mindful of the fact that a boundary had not been struck in a while, tries to improvise. Symonds goes to the leg side and shapes to cut. The ball pitches on middle and straightens a touch and once Symonds has missed it only one result is possible. The middle stump is pegged back and India have a big wicket as the pressure mounts in this tight finish;Andrew Symonds b Singh 75 (103m 84b 3x4 1x6) SR: 89.28;
46.4;2;Singh to Symonds, 2 runs low full-toss on the leg stump, Symonds comes down the pitch and works the ball through the on side. The first run is taken hard and the batsmen can come back for a vital second;
46.3;1;Singh to Hopes, 1 run another attempted yorker, again dug out, this time to the leg side. A single once more;
46.2;2;Singh to Hopes, 2 runs down the pitch comes Hopes and drives inside out square of the wicket on the off side. Two more runs but still the boundaries elude Australia;
46.1;1;Singh to Symonds, 1 run very full and on the off, RP striving for the yorker, Symonds jams the ball out to the off side for a single;
45.6;1;Kartik to Symonds, 1 run eased down to long-off for a single to end the over;
45.5;2;Kartik to Symonds, 2 runs short of a length and slipping down leg, clipped through square-leg for another brace;
45.4;?;Kartik to Symonds, no run fuller and on the pads, Symonds can only work it down to short fine-leg;
45.3;1;Kartik to Hopes, 1 run tossed up and on the off, Hopes looks to work the ball to the leg side but gets a leading edge towards the off side. Hopes was lucky that didn't go to hand;
45.2;2;Kartik to Hopes, 2 runs tossed up and on the pads, Hopes sweeps and the timing and placement are good. But Harbhajan does well on the ropes, running around and fielding;
45.1;2;Kartik to Hopes, 2 runs tossed up and on the leg stump, eased past midwicket and there'll be runs here;
44.6;1;Singh to Hopes, 1 run fullish and on the off squeezed out towards the off side for a single;
44.5;?;Singh to Hopes, no run fullish and on the off, driven back towards the bowler. That is uppish, RP gets down but can't quite hold onto it. That would have been a good catch had he taken it;
44.4;1;Singh to Symonds, 1 run fullish and on the odd, Symonds looks for the big one and drives down the ground but he can't beat the fielder at long-on;
44.3;?;Singh to Symonds, no run short of a good length and outside the off, again driven very hard but hit straight to cover;
44.2;1;Singh to Hopes, 1 run fullish and on the stumps, Hopes has a drive at this. He can't get hold of it but the ball goes off the inside edge to the leg side;
44.1;1;Singh to Symonds, 1 run short of a length and a bit of width, Symonds hits this really hard to the sweeper on the off-side fence, just the single;
43.6;?;Harbhajan to Hopes, no run full, flat and straight, worked to the man at midwicket;
43.5;2;Harbhajan to Hopes, 2 runs fullish and on the stumps, worked wide of midwicket for a couple of runs, good running;
43.4;1;Harbhajan to Symonds, 1 run low full-toss on the off stump, driven hard down to long-on;
43.3;1;Harbhajan to Hopes, 1 run well flighted and outside the off, driven towards wide long-on;
43.3;W;Harbhajan to Hodge, 1 wide, OUT down the leg side, first the wide ball comes, Hodge tries to flick this off his pads but seems to overbalance. Dhoni collects cleanly and whips the bails off in a flash. The decision is referred to the third umpire. The replay shows quite clearly that Hodge has dragged his foot out of the crease and he has to go as the third umpire gives the decision in India's favour;Brad Hodge st ?Dhoni b Harbhajan Singh 17 (36m 29b 1x4 0x6) SR: 58.62;
43.2;?;Harbhajan to Hodge, no run fullish and on the off, defended to the off side;
43.1;1;Harbhajan to Symonds, 1 run flat and on the stumps, Symonds comes down the pitch and nudges the ball to the leg side;
42.6;1lb;Pathan to Symonds, 1 leg bye flat and on the pads, flick played and missed, leg-bye taken anyway;
42.5;2;Pathan to Symonds, 2 runs short of a length and outside the off, steered down to third-man with an angled bat and two more runs. The big shots aren't coming but the ones and twos certainly are;
42.4;1;Pathan to Hodge, 1 run short of a length and outside the off, pulled to the on side for yet another single;
42.3;1;Pathan to Symonds, 1 run very full and on the pads, quicker too, attempted yorker, Symonds plays and misses. The ball goes off the pads to the off side;
42.2;1;Pathan to Hodge, 1 run fuller and on the off, slower ball, Hodge eases the ball through cover for an easy single;
42.1;1;Pathan to Symonds, 1 run short of a driving length and outside the off, punched off the back foot through cover for a single;
41.6;1;Harbhajan to Symonds, 1 run again speared in on the pads, again Symonds works it through square-leg;
41.5;1lb;Harbhajan to Hodge, 1 leg bye fuller and on the stumps, flick played and missed, off the pads to the leg side;
41.4;4;Harbhajan to Hodge, FOUR runs full and down the leg side, loose ball that and Hodge cashes in, sweeping hard down to the fine-leg fence;
41.3;?;Harbhajan to Hodge, no run fullish and on the stumps, defended back down the pitch to the bowler;
41.2;1;Harbhajan to Symonds, 1 run fired in flat, quick and on the pads, Symonds clips the ball through the on side for a single;
41.1;1;Harbhajan to Hodge, 1 run tossed up and on the off, worked to the leg side for a single;
40.6;2;Pathan to Symonds, 2 runs low full-toss outside the off stump, driven inside out through cover;
40.5;2;Pathan to Symonds, 2 runs full and outside the off, Symonds has a go at that, thick outside edge down to third-man where Ganguly dives and fields;
40.4;1;Pathan to Hodge, 1 run full and on the stumps, driven down towards long-off for a single;
40.3;?;Pathan to Hodge, no run short of a good length and outside the off, cut played and missed, through to the keeper. Hodge struggling here.;
40.2;1;Pathan to Symonds, 1 run fullish and on the pads, lofted over in the infield down to long-on;
40.1;1;Pathan to Hodge, 1 run short of a length and outside the off, eased through cover;
39.6;1;Kartik to Hodge, 1 run well flighted and down the leg side, sweep played and missed;
39.5;?;Kartik to Hodge, no run;
39.4;?;Kartik to Hodge, no run tossed up once more and on the stumps, defended to leg;
39.3;1;Kartik to Symonds, 1 run down the wicket comes Symonds, Kartik sees him coming and drags it short, bit of a false shot to the leg side. Well bowled.;
39.2;1;Kartik to Hodge, 1 run flatter and on the stumps, tickled down towards fine-leg for a single;
39.1;1;Kartik to Symonds, 1 run well flighted and on the stumps, eased down to long-on for a single;
38.6;?;Khan to Hodge, no run full and straight, on the stumps, worked to the on side to end the over;
38.5;2;Khan to Hodge, 2 runs short of a length and on the odd, bit of extra bounce, Hodge adjusts and works the ball off his pads to the on side for a well-run couple;
38.4;?;Khan to Hodge, no run just short of a good length and on the stumps, slanted in from round the stumps, defended back down the pitch to the bowler;
38.3;1;Khan to Symonds, 1 run overpitched and on the pads, eased down to long-on;
38.2;2;Khan to Symonds, 2 runs short of a good length and outside the off, chopped down towards third-man;
38.1;4;Khan to Symonds, FOUR runs short ball banged in, pulled away in fine style, the ball runs away through midwicket very quickly;
37.6;?;Kartik to Hodge, no run well flighted and on the off stump, played back down the pitch to the off side;
37.5;1;Kartik to Symonds, 1 run again just worked away for a single down to long-on;
37.4;1;Kartik to Hodge, 1 run down the pitch and worked to the leg side;
37.3;?;Kartik to Hodge, no run on the stumps, tossed up, bit of turn, off the leading edge to the off side;
37.2;1;Kartik to Symonds, 1 run;
37.1;?;Kartik to Symonds, no run tossed up and on the middle and leg, bit of drift here, played at and missed, rapped on the pad;
36.6;?;Khan to Hodge, no run full and on the stumps, clipped to the on side;
36.5;1;Khan to Symonds, 1 run short of a driving length and outside the off, played down to third-man with an angled bat;
36.4;1;Khan to Hodge, 1 run short of a length and outside the off stump, thumped through cover;
36.3;1;Khan to Symonds, 1 run short of a length and outside the off, chopped down to third-man;
36.2;?;Khan to Symonds, no run;
36.1;4;Khan to Symonds, FOUR runs fullish and outside the off, it's a slower ball to begin a new spell from Zaheer. Symonds picks it and drives hard down to the long-off boundary;
35.6;?;Kartik to Hodge, no run fuller and on the stumps, defended watchfully to end the over;
35.5;1;Kartik to Symonds, 1 run just short of a length and on the middle and leg, worked to the leg side;
35.4;1;Kartik to Hodge, 1 run tossed up and outside the off, played down towards short third-man;
35.3;?;Kartik to Hodge, no run flat, full, on the stumps, defended carefully;
35.2;1;Kartik to Symonds, 1 run fuller and on the pads, clipped to the on side off the toes;
35.1;?;Kartik to Symonds, no run tossed up and on the stumps, this one stopping after bouncing, Symonds defends awkwardly;
34.6;?;Singh to Hodge, no run fullish and outside the off, Hodge feels for that and misses;
34.6;1w;Singh to Hodge, 1 wide short and wide once more, RP bowling some rubbish here and Mahendra Singh Dhoni, who collects, clearly isn't impressed;
34.5;?;Singh to Hodge, no run fullish and on the pads, worked to the leg side;
34.5;1w;Singh to Hodge, 1 wide short of a length and outside the off, angling away from the right-handed batsman, left alone to the keeper;
34.4;1;Singh to Symonds, 1 run fullish and on the stumps, big booming drive from Symonds, the ball goes off the inside edge onto pad and down past the bowler for a single;
34.3;1;Singh to Hodge, 1 run short of a length and well outside the off stump, Hodge goes back and cuts in front of point;
34.2;?;Singh to Hodge, no run short of a good length and outside the off, defended off the back foot towards the bowler;
34.1;1;Singh to Symonds, 1 run short of a driving length and on the off, pushed down to long-off;
33.6;1;Kartik to Symonds, 1 run well flighted and on the off stumps, defended towards cover with an angled bat;
33.5;W;Kartik to Hayden, OUT Got him! Again Hayden comes down the pitch, once more Kartik adjusts his flight and length and Hayden is beaten a touch. He goes through with the shot anyway. This time one hand comes off the bat and the ball does not have enough on it. It sails towards the midwicket fence but Zaheer Khan settles under the catch. Big breakthrough for India;Matthew Hayden c Khan b Kartik 92 (156m 92b 11x4 2x6) SR: 100;
33.4;?;Kartik to Hayden, no run fuller and on the stumps, defended back down the pitch;
33.3;4;Kartik to Hayden, FOUR runs tossed up and outside the off, Hayden comes down the crease, he's beaten in the flight but swats it over midwicket anyway;
33.2;1;Kartik to Symonds, 1 run low full-toss on the pads, worked to the on side;
33.1;?;Kartik to Symonds, no run tossed up a bit, Symonds comes down the pitch, Kartik adjusts his length, defensive shot played;
32.6;1;Pathan to Symonds, 1 run full in length, on the off and middle, eased to long-off for a single;
32.5;?;Pathan to Symonds, no run short in length, 138.3 kmph, on the middle line, defended on the back foot;
32.4;?;Pathan to Symonds, no run on the off stump line, 137 kmph, driven to cover;
32.3;?;Pathan to Symonds, no run slower one, 119 k, on the off stump line, punched to point;
32.2;?;Pathan to Symonds, no run on a length, angling away from Symonds who taps it to cover point;
32.1;?;Pathan to Symonds, no run full and on the legs, flicked straight to short fine leg;
31.6;?;Kartik to Hayden, no run slows up the pace, bit more air and Hayden is made to wait on the ball and he drives it back to the bowler;
31.5;?;Kartik to Hayden, no run full and outside off stump, Hayden misses a sweep shot;
31.4;?;Kartik to Hayden, no run quickish, spins in from outside off, Hayden goes back to push it back to the bowler;
31.3;1;Kartik to Symonds, 1 run fuller, outside off, guides to cover point;
31.2;1;Kartik to Hayden, 1 run quicker, flatter, outside off stump, punched through mid-on;
31.1;1;Kartik to Symonds, 1 run on the middle stump, straightens, worked to midwicket for a single;
30.6;?;Singh to Hayden, no run fullish and outside the off stump, driven inside out to cover;
30.5;1;Singh to Symonds, 1 run full and outside the off, driven inside out through cover;
30.4;1;Singh to Hayden, 1 run fullish and on the stumps, driven down to long-off with a straight bat;
30.3;?;Singh to Hayden, no run short of a good length and on the off stump, defended to the off side with an angled bat;
30.3;1w;Singh to Hayden, 1 wide short of a good length and again down the leg side, that's terrible bowling once more from RP;
30.2;1;Singh to Symonds, 1 run back of a length and outside the off, chopped down to third-man for a single;
30.2;1w;Singh to Symonds, 1 wide short and very wide outside the off side, left alone and it's another wide;
30.1;1;Singh to Hayden, 1 run full and on the stumps, driven down to long on for a single;
30.1;1w;Singh to Hayden, 1 wide short of a length and down the leg side, RP begins this fresh spell with a wide. Not too different from his performance earlier in the day;
29.6;?;Kartik to Symonds, no run tossed up again, good loop from Kartik, Symonds defends to leg;
29.5;?;Kartik to Symonds, no run tossed up and on the stumps, driven at, off a thick inside edge back onto pad;
29.4;2;Kartik to Symonds, 2 runs;
29.3;?;Kartik to Symonds, no run quicker and on the pads, defended;
29.2;?;Kartik to Symonds, no run tossed up a touch, plenty of revs on this one, Symonds tries to work the ball to leg. Off the leading edge to off;
29.1;4;Kartik to Symonds, FOUR runs short of a good length and just outside the off, Symonds waits on that one and chops it away down to the third-man fence;
28.6;?;Pathan to Hayden, no run short of a driving length, on the off, slow-ish, defended back down the pitch to the leg side;
28.5;1;Pathan to Symonds, 1 run very full and on the pads, Uthappa dives to right and fields as Symonds eases the ball wide of midwicket;
28.4;1;Pathan to Hayden, 1 run This one is pulled well in front of square to midwicket;
28.3;4;Pathan to Hayden, FOUR runs short of a good length, outside the off, Hayden stays rooted in his crease and cuts very very fine. Another hugely effective shot from Hayden;
28.2;?;Pathan to Hayden, no run overpitched and on the pads, driven hard but straight to midwicket;
28.1;?;Pathan to Hayden, no run full and on the off, driven inside out towards cover. Pathan back into the attack in place of Kartik;
27.6;?;Harbhajan to Symonds, no run fired in on the pads once more, clipped to short fine-leg. The batsmen think about a single but decide against it;
27.5;?;Harbhajan to Symonds, no run quick one outside the off this time, played back tamely to the bowler;
27.4;?;Harbhajan to Symonds, no run very full and fired in on the pads, quick too, played and missed. Struck on the pad;
27.3;1;Harbhajan to Hayden, 1 run slightly short of a length and outside the off, Hayden goes back and chops past point;
27.2;1;Harbhajan to Symonds, 1 run fired in flat and quick, on the pads, worked to the on side;
27.1;?;Harbhajan to Symonds, no run tossed up, outside the off, Harbhajan has given this one a huge rip, plenty of extra bounce, Symonds is surprised as he prods at it. Huge appeal for the caught behind from Dhoni and Harbhajan but umpire Suresh Shastri is unmoved;
26.6;?;Kartik to Hayden, no run just short of a length and on the off, driven but straight to the man at cover. That one six ruined the over for Kartik and India;
26.5;?;Kartik to Hayden, no run fuller and on the stumps, eased towards the off side, Kartik fields;
26.4;?;Kartik to Hayden, no run flatter and just outside the off, a bit of turn, defended back down the pitch;
26.3;1;Kartik to Symonds, 1 run flatter and quicker, eased down to long-off;
26.2;6;Kartik to Symonds, SIX runs Bang! Tossed up a touch, Symonds sees it, comes to the pitch and lofts over the bowler's head for a six. That is well struck;
26.1;?;Kartik to Symonds, no run tossed up a touch, pushed through fuller, defended back down the pitch;
25.6;1;Harbhajan to Symonds, 1 run End of the over. Another tidy one from Harbhajan;
25.5;?;Harbhajan to Symonds, no run slower, held back a touch, on the stumps, defended back down the pitch;
25.4;1;Harbhajan to Hayden, 1 run short of a length and outside the off stump, chopped away down towards point;
25.3;1;Harbhajan to Symonds, 1 run full and on the stumps, driven down to long-on past a diving Harbhajan;
25.2;?;Harbhajan to Symonds, no run slightly shorter, on the stumps, Symonds goes back to cut but can't quite get hold of it;
25.1;?;Harbhajan to Symonds, no run fuller, quicker, on the off, defended with an angled bat;
24.6;1;Kartik to Symonds, 1 run on the pads and quite full, worked to the leg side;
24.5;1;Kartik to Hayden, 1 run fullish and on the stumps, driven back down the pitch down towards long-on;
24.4;1;Kartik to Symonds, 1 run fullish and on the off, lap swept towards short fine-leg;
24.3;1;Kartik to Hayden, 1 run full and on the stumps, driven back down to the leg side;
24.2;1;Kartik to Symonds, 1 run on the middle and leg, tossed up a bit but not much spin, worked through the leg side;
24.1;1;Kartik to Hayden, 1 run tossed up and outside the off to begin, Hayden thumps this down to long-off;
23.6;?;Harbhajan to Symonds, no run fuller and on the stumps, defended watchfully back down the pitch;
23.5;2;Harbhajan to Symonds, 2 runs short of a length and outside the off stump, chopped past the fielder at slip;
23.4;?;Harbhajan to Symonds, no run slower, tossed up, on the off, Symonds waits on it and defends;
23.3;?;Harbhajan to Symonds, no run short of a length and outside the off, eased through cover off the back foot;
23.2;1;Harbhajan to Hayden, 1 run flatter and on the pads, pitching outside the leg, turning a bit, Hayden goes across his stumps and works to leg;
23.1;4;Harbhajan to Hayden, FOUR runs slightly short of a length and just a bit of width, Hayden goes back nicely and chops this one away to the third-man fence;
22.6;?;Pathan to Symonds, no run full and on the pads, worked away wristily to the leg side, there is a fielder there, though;
22.5;?;Pathan to Symonds, no run short of a length and outside the off, slightly slower, pushed to cover;
22.4;2;Pathan to Symonds, 2 runs fullish and outside the off, driven powerfully inside out and through cover;
22.3;?;Pathan to Symonds, no run full and on the pads, driven back to the bowler with a straight bat;
22.2;?;Pathan to Symonds, no run short of a good length and outside the off, chopped in front of point with an angled bat;
22.1;1;Pathan to Hayden, 1 run fullish and on the off, driven back down the ground towards long-on;
21.6;?;Harbhajan to Symonds, no run down the pitch and defended back to the bowler. End of a good over from Harbhajan Singh;
21.5;2;Harbhajan to Symonds, 2 runs fullish and outside the off, Symonds steers the ball down to third-man to get off the mark right away;
21.4;W;Harbhajan to Clarke, OUT Down the pitch comes Clarke again, charges even, Harbhajan holds the ball back a touch tossing it up and Clarke only prods back to the bowler. It's uppish and Harbhajan snaps. That's a big wicket for India and a clever bit of bowling from Harbhajan Singh;Michael Clarke c & b Harbhajan Singh 6 (13m 15b 1x4 0x6) SR: 40;
21.3;?;Harbhajan to Clarke, no run flat and on the stumps, worked to the leg side;
21.2;?;Harbhajan to Clarke, no run tossed up a touch more, Clarke is down the pitch in a flash and works the ball down to long-off;
21.1;1;Harbhajan to Hayden, 1 run short of a length and outside the off, Hayden rocks back and cuts in front of point;
20.6;1;Pathan to Hayden, 1 run length delivery outside off stump and Hayden slices it to wide third man;
20.5;?;Pathan to Hayden, no run homing in on the off stump, Hayden shapes to cut, is cramped up a touch but adjusts to chop it to backward point;
20.4;1lb;Pathan to Clarke, 1 leg bye;
20.4;1w;Pathan to Clarke, 1 wide wide down the leg side, Dhoni gathers down the leg side;
20.3;?;Pathan to Clarke, no run off cutter, outside off, pushed to cover;
20.2;4;Pathan to Clarke, FOUR runs on a length, slanting away from Clarke who slashes it away through backward point.;
20.1;?;Pathan to Clarke, no run full in length, outside off stump, driven to sweeper cover;
19.6;1;Harbhajan to Clarke, 1 run tossed-up, outside off and Clarke top-edges the sweep shot, one bounce to Sreesanth at long leg;
19.5;?;Harbhajan to Clarke, no run lunges forward to defend a ball turning in from outside off;
19.4;?;Harbhajan to Clarke, no run floater outside off, Clarke plays for the turn and gets a outside edge to backward point;
19.3;?;Harbhajan to Clarke, no run steps out and Harbhajan drags back the length and Clarke lunges forward to defend;
19.2;?;Harbhajan to Clarke, no run;
19.1;?;Harbhajan to Clarke, no run off break, turning in from the off stump line, defended to the on side;
18.6;?;Pathan to Hayden, no run full in length, outside off stump, guided to backward point;
18.5;?;Pathan to Hayden, no run;
18.4;1;Pathan to Clarke, 1 run full in length, outside off stump, driven to long off;
18.3;?;Pathan to Clarke, no run;
18.2;W;Pathan to Ponting, OUT Big blow. Ponting is stumped. Full in length, slanting away from Ponting who leans forward to drive. The bat comes outside the line and the ball threads the bat and pad gap. Dhoni gathers and whips the bails off in flash. He appeals for a stumping chance and it is referred upstairs. Ponting had lunged forward while trying to drive and his back foot was on the crease. The line belongs to the umpire and he is out. Ponting stands there for a long time, unhappy at the verdict. I can't understand why he stood so long there. He was seen muttering and gesticulating even as he walked up the stairs to reach the dressing room. It was a decision made by the third umpire. Anyway ... that's that.;Ricky Ponting st ?Dhoni b Pathan 29 (62m 33b 5x4 0x6) SR: 87.87;
18.1;?;Pathan to Ponting, no run another off cutter on the off stump line, pushed to Rohit Sharma, the sub, at point;
17.6;?;Harbhajan to Hayden, no run full, outside off stump, punched to extra cover where Murali Kartik makes a diving stop;
17.5;1;Harbhajan to Ponting, 1 run tossed-up, on the off and middle line, driven to long-on;
17.4;1;Harbhajan to Hayden, 1 run leans forward to drive through extra cover;
17.3;?;Harbhajan to Hayden, no run;
17.2;1;Harbhajan to Ponting, 1 run on the middle and leg, turned past square leg;
17.1;1;Harbhajan to Hayden, 1 run lands outside leg stump, on a length, Hayden pushes at it and gets a inside edge to short fine leg;
16.6;?;Pathan to Ponting, no run off cutter on the off stump line, guided to point;
16.5;1;Pathan to Hayden, 1 run fuller, straight, on the middle stump line, trying to trap him lbw but Hayden removes the front foot from the line and drives straight;
16.4;1;Pathan to Ponting, 1 run short of length, outside off stump, carved to deep point;
16.3;?;Pathan to Ponting, no run another off cutter, on the off and middle, pushed to cover;
16.2;1;Pathan to Hayden, 1 run;
16.1;1;Pathan to Ponting, 1 run slow off cutter, on the leg stump line, tickled past square leg. Ever since Pathan has come back to the Indian side, we have seen lots of off cutters and such variations in pace. He has not got much swing;
15.6;4;Harbhajan to Hayden, FOUR runs slipping on the pads, Hayden just helps it along to the fine-leg boundary. Free gift.;
15.5;?;Harbhajan to Hayden, no run even fuller, yorker length, dug out to the off side;
15.4;?;Harbhajan to Hayden, no run continues with the full length and the middle and leg line, Hayden defends on the front foot. Will Hayden go for a sweep shot?;
15.3;?;Harbhajan to Hayden, no run on the leg and middle again, worked to square leg;
15.2;?;Harbhajan to Hayden, no run fuller, on the middle and leg, turning away and Hayden leans forward to defend;
15.1;4;Harbhajan to Hayden, FOUR runs short in length, lands on the off stump, turns away and Hayden rocks back to cut it past point;
14.6;?;Pathan to Ponting, no run fuller, on the middle and leg again, driven to mid-on;
14.5;?;Pathan to Ponting, no run lands on the middle and leg, moves towards middle, Ponting lunges forward to defend;
14.4;1;Pathan to Hayden, 1 run full, another off cutter, driven to long-on for a single.;
14.3;1;Pathan to Ponting, 1 run leans forward to drive past a lunging Irfan towards mid-on for a quick single.;
14.2;1;Pathan to Hayden, 1 run on the middle stump line, worked to square leg for a single;
14.1;1;Pathan to Ponting, 1 run run out chance missedoff cutter on the off stump line, pushed to left of cover where Yuvraj Singh swoops in and fires in a low one-bounce throw at Dhoni. However, Dhoni fails to gather it cleanly and breaks the stumps off his gloves. Hayden survives. It happened in the previous game. Again it was Hayden who survived Yuvraj's throw which Zaheer fumbled;
13.6;?;Harbhajan to Hayden, no run fast yorker on the stumps, dug out back to the bowler;
13.5;?;Harbhajan to Hayden, no run another one that turns a bit, gripping the surface, played to the off side;
13.4;?;Harbhajan to Hayden, no run slower and outside the leg, a bit of turn as well, defended towards the off side;
13.3;2;Harbhajan to Hayden, 2 runs very full and very straight, Hayden drives back down the pitch quite hard but Harbhajan gets a hand to it half stops;
13.2;?;Harbhajan to Hayden, no run flatter and quicker, outside the off, cut hard but straight down to point;
13.1;?;Harbhajan to Hayden, no run tossed up, slow-ish, on the off, defended carefully down the pitch;
12.6;?;Ganguly to Ponting, no run down the leg side, flick played and missed, through to the keeper;
12.5;1;Ganguly to Hayden, 1 run fullish and on the stumps, played back to the bowler, Ganguly half stops and again the single is stolen;
12.4;1;Ganguly to Ponting, 1 run single pinched through square-leg;
12.3;?;Ganguly to Ponting, no run forward defensive to the off side;
12.2;1;Ganguly to Hayden, 1 run short of a length and outside the off, pushed just wide of mid-off to bring up yet another half-century for Hayden;
12.1;4;Ganguly to Hayden, FOUR runs back of a length and outside the off, this one is slow and sits up, Hayden rocks back and smashes this through the off side;
11.6;4;Pathan to Ponting, FOUR runs full and on the legs this time. Pathan following RP in the overcompensating stakes. Ponting goes across and just eases this one to the midwicket fence;
11.5;4;Pathan to Ponting, FOUR runs short of a length and outside the off, too much width on this one, Pathan ruins a good over. Crashed through cover-popint off the back foot. That is a good shot.;
11.4;?;Pathan to Ponting, no run full and on the off, bit of swing, driven back to the bowler;
11.3;?;Pathan to Ponting, no run short of a length and outside the off, not much pace on the ball, played back past the bowler to mid-off;
11.2;?;Pathan to Ponting, no run short of a length and on the off stump, punched towards cover off the back foot;
11.1;?;Pathan to Ponting, no run short of a length and on the stumps, slightly slow from Pathan to begin with, clipped to square-leg;
10.6;?;Khan to Hayden, no run slower ball outside the off, Hayden is committed to the booming drive, the ball spears off the inside half of the bat and goes to the leg side;
10.5;4;Khan to Hayden, FOUR runs short of a length and outside the off, Hayden comes down the pitch once more and pulls strongly through midwicket;
10.4;?;Khan to Hayden, no run fuller and on the stumps, play and a miss, rare appeal as the ball hits pad but that's never going to be given with the left-armer bowling round thestups to a left-hand batsman;
10.3;?;Khan to Hayden, no run short of a length and outside the off, Zaheer pushes this one wider outside the off and Hayden leaves it well alone;
10.2;6;Khan to Hayden, SIX runs Cramped for room? Hayden just walks down the pitch and launches this ball, a perfectly decent one, into the stands over midwicket. That is a sweet hit;
10.1;?;Khan to Hayden, no run back of a length and on the leg stump, bowled from round the stumps, cramping Hayden for room a touch as he nudges the ball to the leg side;
9.6;4;Singh to Ponting, FOUR runs Take that! short of a driving length and outside the off this time. The balance is perfect as Ponting gets over the ball and drives to the cover fence. This is a masterclass in batting from the Australian captain;
9.5;4;Singh to Ponting, FOUR runs very full and on the stumnps, the ball comes in with the angle as RP delivers from around the stumps, Ponting uses this angle and works the ball between midwicket and mid-on for another boundary;
9.5;1w;Singh to Ponting, 1 wide Now RP comes round the stumps and overcompensates sending a wide down the leg side;
9.4;4;Singh to Ponting, FOUR runs short of a length and wide outside the off, angling away from Ponting as well. Ponting rocks back and gets in position really early before playing a peachy cut shot over point for four. Shot!;
9.3;1;Singh to Hayden, 1 run fuller and on the pads, Hayden just pushes this back past the bowler down towards long-on and ambles a single;
9.3;1w;Singh to Hayden, 1 wide And another wide. India's bowlers decidedly not having a good time of it here in Chandigarh with the ball swinging a bit;
9.2;1;Singh to Ponting, 1 run short of a good length and outside the off, eased back past the bowler. Mid-off dives to his right and saves;
9.1;?;Singh to Ponting, no run short of a driving length and outside the off stump, Ponting lunges forward and opens the face of the bat, running the ball just wide of cover;
8.6;?;Khan to Hayden, no run short of a good length and on the off, Hayden comes down the pitch and plays back to Zaheer Khan. The bowler fields in his followthrough and fires the ball back at the stumps, striking Hayden in the process;
8.5;2;Khan to Hayden, 2 runs this one is outside the off stump and worked away through cover;
8.4;2;Khan to Hayden, 2 runs fullish and on the stumps, Hayden comes down the pitch and lofts this ball over mid-on;
8.3;?;Khan to Hayden, no run short of a length and on the stumps, played back down the pitch to the bowler;
8.2;4;Khan to Hayden, FOUR runs short of a length and outside the off stump, Hayden comes down the pitch and gets this one away in front of square. There's no stopping that one ... Four more to Hayden;
8.1;?;Khan to Hayden, no run short of a good length and on the off stump, slightly slower, defended back down the pitch;
7.6;1;Singh to Hayden, 1 run short of a length and outside the off stump, played down towards mid-off with soft enough hands to pinch the single;
7.5;?;Singh to Hayden, no run short of a good length and outside the off stump, left well alone to the keeper;
7.4;?;Singh to Hayden, no run fullish and on the stumps, Hayden instinctively flicks to the on side, Zaheer Khan at short midwicket goes for the catch but just picks it up on the bounce;
7.4;1w;Singh to Hayden, 1 wide fullish and outside the off stump, Hayden tries to drive but can't get to it despite stretching full length. Wide called once more;
7.3;4;Singh to Hayden, FOUR runs just short of a length, not a driving length for most batsmen but right in the slot for Hayden, thumped over the infield and to the cover fence as the crowd goes quiet;
7.2;?;Singh to Hayden, no run fullish and on the off stump, driven towards mid-on, no chance of a run;
7.1;4;Singh to Hayden, FOUR runs overcompensating this time, full and on the pads, worked away through the leg side;
7.1;1w;Singh to Hayden, 1 wide Now it's RP's turn to spray the ball a bit. Far outside the off and left well alone to be called wide;
6.6;?;Khan to Ponting, no run just short of a driving length, slower slightly, on the stumps, played back down the pitch, tidy over this from the Indian perspective;
6.5;1;Khan to Hayden, 1 run short of a length, outside the off, pushed to mid-off;
6.4;1;Khan to Ponting, 1 run short of a length and outside the off, played through point with an angled bat, the diving fielder can't get a hand to it but there's cover on the ropes;
6.3;1;Khan to Hayden, 1 run low full-toss outside the off, Hayden comes down the pitch and hits this one to the leg side but it won't beat a diving Harbhajan at wide mid-on;
6.2;?;Khan to Hayden, no run back of a length and outside the off once more, punched away to cover once again but won't beat the infield;
6.1;?;Khan to Hayden, no run short of a length and on the off stump, punched down to cover;
5.6;?;Singh to Ponting, no run this one is slanted away from the bat, played at and missed, through to the keeper;
5.5;?;Singh to Ponting, no run short of a good length and on the stumps, Ponting comes across and leaves that alone on length as it shapes in, through to the keeper;
5.4;?;Singh to Ponting, no run fuller and on the stumps, punched hard but not past the man at cover;
5.3;?;Singh to Ponting, no run short of a driving length and on the off, bit of swing in to Ponting who shuffles across, as he inevitably does early in his innings, flick played and misses, rapped on the pad;
5.2;?;Singh to Ponting, no run just short of a good length and on the off, Ponting comes confidently forward and across and punches to cover;
5.1;W;Singh to Gilchrist, OUT This time the short one pays off! RP bangs it in and Gilchrist goes for the pull. The ball goes high and far but it's not timed well enough to go all the way. Zaheer Khan is positioned in the deep just for this shot and takes the catch. Big breakthrough for India;Adam Gilchrist c Khan b Singh 18 (25m 17b 1x4 1x6) SR: 105.88;
4.6;2;Khan to Hayden, 2 runs round the stumps from Zaheer, Hayden still gets across and clips the ball to the leg side for runs;
4.5;6;Khan to Hayden, SIX runs too full and slipping down the leg side, Hayden walks across his stumps and flicks strongly over the leg side. Muscular shot that!;
4.4;?;Khan to Hayden, no run short of a good length and on the off, Hayden comes half forward to drive and inside edges back onto pad;
4.3;1;Khan to Gilchrist, 1 run short of a driving length and outside the off, Gilchrist opens the face of the bat and runs the ball past point;
4.2;?;Khan to Gilchrist, no run fuller and on the stumps, driven inside out towards mid-off;
4.1;4;Khan to Gilchrist, FOUR runs another short one, another pull, another boundary. That's really not the place to bowl to either Gilchrist or Hayden. Put away, easy as anything;
3.6;?;Singh to Hayden, no run very full and on the stumps, just a hint of swing away from the bat, punched back down the pitch to the bowler;
3.5;?;Singh to Hayden, no run short of a driving length and on the stumps, played back down the pitch to the leg side;
3.4;1;Singh to Gilchrist, 1 run overpitched and outside the off stump, squeezed down to third-man;
3.3;6;Singh to Gilchrist, SIX runs short one banged in, Gilchrist sees that really early and plays a superb pull shot. The ball sails easily over the ropes at midwicket just in front of square;
3.2;1;Singh to Hayden, 1 run short of a length and outside the off stump, back and across and chopped down to point;
3.1;1;Singh to Gilchrist, 1 run short of a good length and on the off stump, worked away to the leg side for a single;
2.6;?;Khan to Hayden, no run short of a driving length and outside the off, big heave from Hayden again, this time he does not connect and the ball goes through to the keeper;
2.5;1;Khan to Gilchrist, 1 run played down to square-leg;
2.4;?;Khan to Gilchrist, no run short of a driving length and outside the off stump, punched towards cover;
2.3;1lb;Khan to Hayden, 1 leg bye dragged a bit shorter and automatically Hayden goes for the pull, the ball doesn't get up as much as Hayden anticipated and he's struck on the body;
2.2;4;Khan to Hayden, FOUR runs short of a driving length, outside the off, too much width here. Hayden doesn't really care if he isn't to the pitch of the ball. He hits cleanly through the line and over the infield to the cover fence;
2.1;1;Khan to Gilchrist, 1 run just short of a good length and on the stumps, played down to the on side with a straight bat;
1.6;1;Singh to Gilchrist, 1 run good-length ball on the middle and leg stump, the batsman waits on it nicely, covering for the late swing and pushes back down the pitch. He didn't try to hit that too hard, just placed it back past the bowler;
1.5;?;Singh to Gilchrist, no run just short of a good length and on the stumps, worked to the leg side;
1.4;?;Singh to Gilchrist, no run fuller and outside the off stump, Gilchrist has an almighty heave at that one but is beaten by the swing. The ball goes through to the keeper;
1.3;?;Singh to Gilchrist, no run full and outside the off, just a hint of away swing, Gilchrist waits on this one and drives it neatly towards mid-off;
1.2;1;Singh to Hayden, 1 run fuller and on the off, RP clearly striving for swing early on, Hayden drives but does not time the ball properly. Off the inside edge of the bat to the leg side;
1.1;?;Singh to Hayden, no run very full and just outside the off stump, a bit of swing away from the bat for RP Singh. Driven confidently and all along the ground but straight to the fielder at cover;
0.6;2;Khan to Gilchrist, 2 runs this one is just a bit too full and Gilchrist is in full control, working the ball through the on side a couple to end the first over of the Australian chase;
0.5;?;Khan to Gilchrist, no run Cracker! This one holds its line, coming in a touch with the angle as Zaheer bowls from over the stumps. Gilchrist comes forward to play but is cut in half and misses. The ball brushes the pad on the way to the keeper;
0.4;1;Khan to Hayden, 1 run too far down the leg side this time, quite full as well. Hayden shuffles across his stumps and clips the ball through square-leg for the first runs off the bat in this innings;
0.3;?;Khan to Hayden, no run fuller and straighter, this time Hayden walks across and punches to mid-on with the full face of the bat;
0.2;?;Khan to Hayden, no run Much better. Short of a driving length and just outside the off, a hint of swing away, left alone to the keeper;
0.2;1w;Khan to Hayden, 1 wide Wayward start from Zaheer. This one is far down the leg side and once again is called a wide. There is a bit of swing about but the direction is completely awry.;
0.1;1lb;Khan to Gilchrist, 1 leg bye fuller this time and a touch too straight, Zaheer overcompensating. Gilchrist gets across and tries to flick but misses. The ball goes off the pad down towards fine-leg;
0.1;1w;Khan to Gilchrist, 1 wide short of a good length and far outside the off, a bit of swing away from the bat that will encourage the bowler, but the line was not good at all. Easily left alone and called a wide even more easily;

Hello and welcome to start of coverage of the Australian chase. I'm Anand Vasu and will be calling the second half of this match. The players are coming out onto the field and the game will resume shortly.
Just before that we have time to give you a stat from HRG: Sachin Tendulkar, in the course of his innings of 79, aggregated 1000 runs for the calendar year 2007. He's now done it in seven different years. No other batsman has managed this.
It's Adam Gilchrist and Matthew Hayden to open. Zaheer Khan will bowl first.
 Innings Start
India
Australia
4th ODI, Chandigarh, Oct 8 2007, Australia tour of India
291/4
283/7
Player of the match is MS Dhoni, INDIA
India won by 8 runs
