Data
1.05pm Australia have declared
12.30pm What a session that was for Australia, their dominance has not ceased. Voges' dominance never looked like ceasing. Marsh was there to give him able company. Together, they broke records and forged lifelong memories. Together, they will stand at the top of record books till the next pair of record-breakers come along. But for now and for today, these two will remain there in jubilation. they put on 449 runs for the fourth wicket. And have taken control of this Test. All that is left to do is figure out how much they need after lunch. Surely, there is enough time for Voges to get 300, with the rate that he is scoring at? We shall find out in 30.
Hamza Mirza: "Adam Voges is the only man is history to average more than 45 in all 3 formats!"
Hypocaust: "Adam Voges Test average vs. Eng (28.71), NZ (71.25), WI (436)"
113.6;?;Warrican to Marsh, no run very slow through the air on off, Marsh gets forward to defend and take Aus to lunch at 4 for 583.;
113.5;?;Warrican to Marsh, no run slower on off, solidly defended off the front foot;
113.4;?;Warrican to Marsh, no run slower on off, pushed to cover;
113.3;1;Warrican to Voges, 1 run and again, this time he hits it to the sweeper cover fielder, whacked off the front foot;
113.2;4;Warrican to Voges, FOUR runs full and wide, Voges opens the face and finds the gap through point for four. Great stroke;
113.1;?;Warrican to Voges, no run slower outside off, Voges shuffles across and toe-ends the ball back down the pitch;
112.6;?;Holder to Marsh, no run fuller on off, driven out to cover;
112.5;?;Holder to Marsh, no run Defended off the front foot;
112.4;?;Holder to Marsh, no run good length outside off, left alone by Marsh. Good lines;
112.3;?;Holder to Marsh, no run slower ball on off, defended off the front foot;
112.2;?;Holder to Marsh, no run;
112.1;?;Holder to Marsh, no run another full toss, pushed to mid-off;
112.1;2nb;Holder to Voges, (no ball) 1 run another no ball, low full toss on middle, worked to deep midwicket for one;
33.6;1;Warrican to Voges, 1 run gets the gap this time, pushed towards long-on to keep strike.;
33.5;?;Warrican to Voges, no run flatter again on off, Voges blocks off the front foot;
33.4;?;Warrican to Voges, no run flat outside off, pushed to cover;
33.3;?;Warrican to Voges, no run and again, pushed towards the bowler who dives to prevent it from going past him;
33.2;?;Warrican to Voges, no run fuller on off, too full in fact and Voges can only drive back at the bowler who does well;
33.1;1;Warrican to Marsh, 1 run flat on leg, marsh skips out to clip to deep midwicket;
32.6;1;Holder to Marsh, 1 run excellent run, good length on middle, tucking him up for room but Marsh pushes to mid-on for a quick run;
32.5;2;Holder to Marsh, 2 runs too short, too wide. Marsh lays into a cut and connects beautifully, the backward point fielder gets a good hand on it and takes the pace off it. Get through for two;
32.4;?;Holder to Marsh, no run shorter outside off, another leave;
32.3;?;Holder to Marsh, no run good lines there, 130 kph. Sixth-stump line outside off. Marsh lets this one be;
32.2;?;Holder to Marsh, no run fuller length outside off. Marsh easily defends towards cover off the front foot;
32.1;?;Holder to Marsh, no run back of a length but way too wide outside off, Marsh shoulders arms again;
111.6;?;Warrican to Marsh, no run slower through the air, pushed towards cover;
111.5;1;Warrican to Voges, 1 run goes for it again but the ball is fired in too quick, jabbed away to long-lon;
111.4;?;Warrican to Voges, no run slapped to cover;
111.3;4;Warrican to Voges, FOUR runs slog-swept to the midwicket boundary. Amazing execution. Gets across and just times the ball, finds the gap as well;
111.2;1;Warrican to Marsh, 1 run smashed to deep cover first up;
111.1;W;Warrican to Marsh, OUT gone! Marsh has picked out deep midwicket. Gets down early on one knee and pummels a slog sweep straight to the fielder at deep midwicket. He gets a couple of congratulatory handshakes from the WI players as he trudges off. Great knock, came in under a bit of pressure and has taken his side to definite safety;Shaun Marsh c Bravo b Warrican 182 (382m 266b 15x4 1x6) SR: 68.42;
110.6;1;Holder to Marsh, 1 run slower delivery at 108 kph on off, played to third man for a single;
110.5;?;Holder to Marsh, no run yorker on off, plucked out to midwicket;
110.4;1;Holder to Voges, 1 run slow short bouncer, pulled to deep square leg for one;
110.3;?;Holder to Voges, no run 125 kph, very full outside off and Voges creams a drive to cover;
110.3;1w;Holder to Voges, 1 wide very high bouncer on leg and a wide is called;
110.2;?;Holder to Voges, no run yorker outside off, the ball is dug out back towards the stumps but Voges pushes it away well in time;
110.1;1;Holder to Marsh, 1 run yorker on off, pushed to cover. Marsh wanted one and calls Voges through for one. The fielder hits the stumps at the strikers end and Voges makes it just in time. Good fielding.;
31.6;?;Warrican to Voges, no run shorter outside off, Voges cuts to point;
31.5;1;Warrican to Marsh, 1 run overpitched on middle, Marsh drills to long-on with the spin;
31.4;2;Warrican to Marsh, 2 runs nice use of the feet, comes as close as he can to the pitch of the flight and then whips this past short midwicket for a couple;
31.3;?;Warrican to Marsh, no run pushed through outside off, Marsh lunges forward to push to cover;
31.2;1;Warrican to Voges, 1 run full on middle, Voges comes forward and drives to long-on for an easy run;
31.1;?;Warrican to Voges, no run flatter trajectory outside off, Voges punches to cover;
30.6;?;Holder to Marsh, no run well bowled, pitched on a good length and moving away outside off. Close enough to the stumps to get Marsh thinking of playing but he withdraws late;
30.5;?;Holder to Marsh, no run full outside off. Marsh chooses not to play this time. Decent bowling this;
30.4;?;Holder to Marsh, no run full on off, nicely bowled and nicely played. Marsh gets close to the pitch and defends towards cover under his eyes;
30.4;1nb;Holder to Marsh, (no ball) 129 kph, wider delivery outside off. Left alone by Marsh. Holder has conceded another extra by overstepping;
30.3;?;Holder to Marsh, no run ooh, gets im naughtily flirting at that. Back of a length outside off, continues to swing away. Marsh is beaten;
30.2;?;Holder to Marsh, no run too wide this time outside off, easily left alone by Marsh.;
30.1;?;Holder to Marsh, no run back of a length outside off, this one is moving away from over the wicket. Left alone nicely;
29.6;4;Warrican to Voges, FOUR runs oh, best of the lot. Skips down the track to get to the pitch of the ball and then clips this delectably into the gap at midwicket for four. Easily found the gap;
29.5;?;Warrican to Voges, no run flat on off, blocked;
29.4;4;Warrican to Voges, FOUR runs poor delivery, the old front foot and back foot trick against spin. The bowler drags this down on off, Voges stays back and pummels a pull through midwicket;
29.3;4;Warrican to Voges, FOUR runs gets it now, perfect execution. Flighted again outside off, Voges rushes down the track, gets to the pitch and smashes this past the bowler and into the long-on boundary. Great shot.;
29.2;?;Warrican to Voges, no run flight on off, Voges defends;
29.1;4;Warrican to Voges, FOUR runs a bit uppish but he finds the gap. Tossed up on leg, Voges wanted to go down the ground but the ball skids on and takes the inside-half. Just wide of midwicket and rolls to the midwicket boundary.;
28.6;?;Holder to Marsh, no run fullish outside off, Marsh comes forward and gets as close as he can to the pitch before defending to cover;
28.5;?;Holder to Marsh, no run definite plan to get Marsh driving outside off. Full outside off, Marsh drives nicely to extra cover;
28.4;?;Holder to Marsh, no run 134 kph, good again from Marsh. A tad full from Holder and Marsh drives elegantly to cover;
28.3;4;Holder to Marsh, FOUR runs too full now and Marsh takes full toll. Smashed through cover for four. Excellent technique, played that under his eyes and pierced the gap;
28.2;?;Holder to Marsh, no run full outside off. Not much movement but Marsh chooses to leave. A lull in play. Both sides happy with control;
28.1;?;Holder to Marsh, no run good length on a fifth-stump line, pushed to the off side off the front foot;
27.6;?;Warrican to Voges, no run flat on middle, fired in slightly short too. Voges goes back and punches back at Warrican;
27.5;?;Warrican to Voges, no run this time Voges uses his feet, gets to the pitch of the flighted delivery and drives to mid-off;
27.4;?;Warrican to Voges, no run 77 kph, nice pace. Tossed up on off, defended;
27.3;?;Warrican to Voges, no run some more flight on middle, a tad full and Voges drives to mid-off;
27.2;?;Warrican to Voges, no run flatter on off, Voges strides forward to block;
27.1;?;Warrican to Voges, no run a bit of air but full on leg, nudged to midwicket;
26.6;?;Holder to Marsh, no run fuller than a good length outside off. Marsh pushes to mid-on with the angle;
26.5;?;Holder to Marsh, no run back of a length outside off. Too wide still and Marsh chooses to leave again;
26.4;?;Holder to Marsh, no run 134 kph, full outside off. Marsh drives to mid-off;
26.3;?;Holder to Marsh, no run full but closer to off stump. Marsh stays in his crease and defends towards cover;
26.2;?;Holder to Marsh, no run full outside off, Marsh goes forward but it is too wide, leaves;
26.1;1;Holder to Voges, 1 run good run, back of a length on off. Voges keeps it by his feet on the leg side and looks at marsh who responds positively and they get through for the single;
25.6;1;Warrican to Voges, 1 run flatter down leg now, worked away to square leg for an easy run;
25.5;?;Warrican to Voges, no run a touch short now but fired through on off, Voges goes back to defend;
25.4;?;Warrican to Voges, no run 92 kph, tossed up on off, Voges drives back at the bowler;
25.3;?;Warrican to Voges, no run flat on off, Voges comes forward to defend;
25.2;1;Warrican to Marsh, 1 run flat on leg, whipped to square leg to get off the mark;
25.1;?;Warrican to Marsh, no run tossed up on off, Marsh advances and clips to midwicket;
24.6;?;Holder to Voges, no run 129.4 kph, full length outside off, Voges lunges forward to close any gap between bat and pad and guide to point;
24.5;?;Holder to Voges, no run good delivery. Full, just outside off. Solidly behind the line of that is Voges;
24.4;?;Holder to Voges, no run good length outside off, comes back in with the angle. Left alone;
24.3;?;Holder to Voges, no run back of a length on off, Voges wanted to leave again but it is too close to off and Voges brings bat down on it very late. Steers to gully;
24.2;?;Holder to Voges, no run too full outside off, inviting a drive from Voges but he denies and leaves.;
24.1;?;Holder to Voges, no run good delivery. fuller than a good length outside off, Voges presses forward and subsequently shoulders arms;
24.1;1nb;Holder to Voges, (no ball) a no ball to start the second session as well, not a great way to start. Fuller length outside off which is left alone;
23.6;?;Warrican to Marsh, no run flat on off, pushed back to the bowler and that will be lunch on the first day;
23.5;?;Warrican to Marsh, no run 85.7 kph, flat on middle, worked to midwicket;
23.4;W;Warrican to Warner, OUT massive wicket for WI, what a soft dismissal that was. Strangled down leg. Flat on leg, a nothing delivery that to be fair. Warner goes back in his crease and looks to clip to fine leg but gets too close to it and ends up flicking this into Ramdin's gloves. Exactly what WI needed, just before the break.;David Warner c ?Ramdin b Warrican 64 (117m 61b 11x4 0x6) SR: 104.91;
23.3;?;Warrican to Warner, no run some flight on middle, inside-halved to midwicket;
23.2;1;Warrican to Voges, 1 run flat on leg, clipped wristily to deep square leg;
23.1;?;Warrican to Voges, no run tossed up on off, Voges skips down and punches back at the bowler;
22.6;?;Holder to Warner, no run back of a length on off, patted towards point;
22.5;?;Holder to Warner, no run whoa, that ducked back in exaggeratedly, good length outside off, Warner leaves on line but the ball nips one in and almost hims him. Misses everything though;
22.4;?;Holder to Warner, no run back of a length outside off, Warner shoulders arms. Test of patience for both parties;
22.3;4;Holder to Warner, FOUR runs overpitched outside off, Warner leans into a drive, and times a drive to the cover boundary. Exemplary timing and gap-finding skills;
22.2;?;Holder to Warner, no run good length outside off, Warner leaves;
22.1;?;Holder to Warner, no run back of a length outside off from around the wicket, properly defended to cover;
21.6;?;Warrican to Voges, no run flat again on middle and off, another solid block;
21.5;?;Warrican to Voges, no run tossed up on off, Voges comes forward to block;
21.4;1;Warrican to Warner, 1 run flat on leg, Warner tucks this to deep backward square leg for a run;
21.3;1;Warrican to Voges, 1 run slower through the air on middle, too much time for Voges to go back and whip to square leg;
21.2;?;Warrican to Voges, no run flat on off, not too much spin but a good delivery. Voges defends;
21.1;1;Warrican to Warner, 1 run low full toss on off and middle, Warner dives to mid-off for a quick run;
20.6;?;Holder to Voges, no run good length on off, a thick outside edge rolls to gully. Decent over;
20.5;2;Holder to Voges, 2 runs too full on off, voges drives nicely towards mid-on. Not exceptionally-well timed but enough for two;
20.4;?;Holder to Voges, no run half-volley outside off, squirted back at the bowler. That was there to be whacked;
20.3;1;Holder to Warner, 1 run similar delivery but not as much movement, allowing Warner to clip towards square leg;
20.2;?;Holder to Warner, no run 132 kph, what happened there? Took off from a good length, shaped away too. Warner is squared up and is surprised at the bounce on that one. Ripper.;
20.1;?;Holder to Warner, no run pushed wide outside off on a full length, looks like a plan though. Crashed to cover;
19.6;1;Warrican to Warner, 1 run tossed up on off, Warner runs down the pitch and pushes to mid-off for a quick run;
19.5;1;Warrican to Voges, 1 run gets down early and paddles this fine towards fine leg for a single;
19.4;4;Warrican to Voges, FOUR runs tries to toss that up again but ends up being a juicy full toss down leg, Voges clips this with a lot of power to the midwicket boundary;
19.3;W;Warrican to Smith, OUT Smith is gone! Another dismissal against the run of play. Slowed up on middle, the ball grips in the pitch a touch and Smith pokes at that, only to get a thick outside edge which is snaffled up at slip. Warrican is delighted, fist-pumping all the way to cover. Good pace on that occasion.;Steven Smith c Blackwood b Warrican 10 (41m 32b 1x4 0x6) SR: 31.25;
19.2;1;Warrican to Warner, 1 run flat on middle and leg, clipped to square leg;
19.1;2;Warrican to Warner, 2 runs fullish on leg, played towards backward square for a couple. Excellent running from DW. Called very clearly and scurried back;
18.6;?;Holder to Smith, no run another maiden, good over. Good length outside off, nipping back in and Smith leaves;
18.5;?;Holder to Smith, no run back of a length on off. Skewed towards midwicket;
18.4;?;Holder to Smith, no run 129.6 kph, full outside off, too wide to draw Smudge into a drive, left alone;
18.3;?;Holder to Smith, no run 130 kph, full outside off, Smith moves across and then defends towards mid-on;
18.2;?;Holder to Smith, no run shortish length outside off, left again;
18.1;?;Holder to Smith, no run good length outside off to begin, Smith shuffles across and then leaves;
17.6;2;Warrican to Warner, 2 runs well run again, clipped towards wide long-on for a comfortable brace. No miscommunication this time.;
17.5;?;Warrican to Warner, no run 81.6 kph, tossed up on off. Blocked off the front foot;
17.4;?;Warrican to Warner, no run flat on middle, defended;
17.3;1;Warrican to Smith, 1 run good run, flat and short on middle, Smith turns this off his pads towards square leg and a quick single ensues;
17.2;1;Warrican to Warner, 1 run flat outside off, guided to deep point for one;
17.1;?;Warrican to Warner, no run tossed up outside off, Warner comes down and converts it into a yorker, patted back to the bowler;
16.6;?;Gabriel to Smith, no run good length outside off and Smith decides to let this one go;
16.5;?;Gabriel to Smith, no run driven towards mid-off;
16.4;1;Gabriel to Warner, 1 run suicidal run, not sure why there was a need for that run. Good length delivery on middle, skewed to square leg and the pair decide there is a single on offer. It wasn't. The fielder swoops in and fires a throw but misses. Smith would have been well out with a direct hit. In the chaos, Warner gets to his fifty.;
16.4;1nb;Gabriel to Warner, (no ball) Gabriel oversteps again, full delivery on off. Pushed to cover;
16.3;?;Gabriel to Warner, no run lovely delivery, fuller than a good length aimed at that top-of-off line. Warner skews to midwicket;
16.2;1;Gabriel to Smith, 1 run 145 kph, fuller length on middle, easy run for Smith as he is already on off and turns to midwicket for one;
16.1;?;Gabriel to Smith, no run nips back in again, good length outside off and jags back in late to hit Smith on the thigh;
15.6;?;Warrican to Warner, no run flat on off, Warner defends off the front foot;
15.5;?;Warrican to Warner, no run nurdled to midwicket;
15.4;1;Warrican to Smith, 1 run overpitched on off, Smith clips this to long-on for a single. I'm not sure I agree with that fielding position;
15.3;?;Warrican to Smith, no run nice. flight on off. Defended off the front foot;
15.2;?;Warrican to Smith, no run another yorker on middle, blocked out back to the bowler;
15.1;1;Warrican to Warner, 1 run tossed up on middle, Warner comes down and whips this to long-on. Thinks of the second but decides against it;
14.6;?;Gabriel to Smith, no run yorker outside off, dug out by Smith for the second maiden of the innings;
14.5;?;Gabriel to Smith, no run 145.8 kph, good length outside off. Another leave ensues. Much better over this;
14.4;?;Gabriel to Smith, no run nice length now, good length outside off. Smith walks across but chooses to let it go;
14.3;?;Gabriel to Smith, no run better line, closer to off stump. Still a bit full but that isn't bat. Forces Smudge to block;
14.2;?;Gabriel to Smith, no run nicely driven to cover. Full outside off and Smith creams the overpitched delivery, but fails to find the gap;
14.1;?;Gabriel to Smith, no run full outside off, not overpitched but still too full. Left alone;
13.6;?;Warrican to Warner, no run flight on off, Warner gets behind the line and blocks;
13.5;?;Warrican to Warner, no run flight on off, ends up being a yorker. Dug back to the bowler;
13.4;?;Warrican to Warner, no run tossed up on middle, defended;
13.3;2;Warrican to Warner, 2 runs Warrican goes around the wicket and fires in a flat delivery outside off, Warner knows exactly what he is doing, deflects a late cut towards deep point and scurries back for the second;
13.2;4;Warrican to Warner, FOUR runs another half-volley. A bit of flight outside off and Warner whacks this with a lot of muscle the cover boundary. Again, once he found the gap, it was enough;
13.1;1;Warrican to Smith, 1 run full toss down leg, whipped off towards deep square leg for a single;
12.6;1;Gabriel to Smith, 1 run back of a length on off, not a bad delivery at all but Smith walls across and nurdles towards midwicket;
12.5;4;Gabriel to Smith, FOUR runs oh shot. Too full outside off and Smith creams a drive through cover. Very good timing, once he found that gap, always going to be four;
12.5;1nb;Gabriel to Smith, (no ball) 130 kph, another no ball. One aspect Gabriel has to do better with, a massive no ball too. Gabriel wants some repair work on the crease. Misses the crease by a foot and slides another foot after impact;
12.4;?;Gabriel to Smith, no run fullish on a fifth-stump line which is met with a crisp drive from Smith to cover;
12.3;?;Gabriel to Smith, no run 147 kph, good pace and nice consistency. Fullish outside off which is left alone;
12.2;?;Gabriel to Smith, no run 138 kph, full outside off. Smith moves across in customary fashion to push to mid-on;
12.1;?;Gabriel to Smith, no run back of a length outside off, Smith shuffles across to off and then exuberantly leaves;
11.6;1;Warrican to Smith, 1 run drifts down leg and Smith flicks this through square leg for a single to get off the mark;
11.5;?;Warrican to Smith, no run tossed up on off, defended off the front foot;
11.4;?;Warrican to Smith, no run good delivery, a bit to flight on middle and extracts a bit of turn too. Smith goes back to defend;
11.3;1;Warrican to Warner, 1 run flat outside off, no drift, loop or flight. Warner cuts to deep point for a single;
11.2;?;Warrican to Warner, no run 85 kph, full on off, not too much flight or loop. A hint of turn but defended;
11.1;2;Warrican to Warner, 2 runs starts with a short delivery outside off, Warner crunches a cut past point for a couple.;
10.6;W;Gabriel to Burns, OUT against the run of play. This one sneaks through. Fuller than a good length, and the ball nips back in and there looks like a complacent gap between bat and pad. The ball finds that gap and hits the stumps. Gabriel is pumped. Burns is disbelieving. The extra ball does the trick.;Joe Burns b Gabriel 33 (57m 43b 7x4 0x6) SR: 76.74;
10.6;1nb;Gabriel to Burns, (no ball) oversteps now. Full outside off, steered to gully. A free run for Aus, like close to 70 before this;
10.5;4;Gabriel to Burns, FOUR runs played that well. Good length outside off, Burns plays it late and guides this into the ground and then past gully for four more. Not a bad ball;
10.4;?;Gabriel to Burns, no run good from Gabriel. Fuller than a good length outside off, left alone watchfully;
10.3;?;Gabriel to Burns, no run better in terms of consistency. Full length outside off, Burns chooses to let it go. Just has to drag that length back a little bit;
10.2;?;Gabriel to Burns, no run another half-volley, what is happening out there? This one is straight and Burns looks to hit that too hard and therefore mis-times to mid-on;
10.1;?;Gabriel to Burns, no run 141.1 kph. Good length, moving back in towards off stump. Burns strides forward but leaves;
9.6;4;Holder to Warner, FOUR runs the third bad ball of the over yields the second boundary of the over. Short outside off, Warner stays in his crease and punches a flat-batted cut through cover. 70 in 10 for Aus;
9.5;?;Holder to Warner, no run good length outside off, Warner leaves this alone;
9.4;4;Holder to Warner, FOUR runs wow, oh, wow. What a shot. Yes, it was overpitched but all elegance. Warner gets as close to the pitch, one knee on the pitch and creamed through cover. My word, that was good to watch;
9.3;?;Holder to Warner, no run 128 kph, back of a length on off, defended to cover;
9.2;?;Holder to Warner, no run overpitched outside off, poor delivery but Holders gets away with one. Warner mis-times his drive to mid-off;
9.1;?;Holder to Warner, no run good length on middle and leg. Turned to midwicket. Interesting that there hasn't been much swing for the bowlers, save that first over;
8.6;?;Gabriel to Burns, no run 140.6 kph, good length outside off. Burns shoulders arms and lets it go;
8.5;?;Gabriel to Burns, no run that is a good length and the line is impeccable. Burns lunges forward to defend;
8.4;?;Gabriel to Burns, no run 142 kph, full on off - fifth-stump line. Driven to mid-off;
8.3;?;Gabriel to Burns, no run full on off, pushed to cover;
8.2;4;Gabriel to Burns, FOUR runs no, that length is contagious, it appears. Too full outside off, Burns brings one foot forward and rasps a cut into the ground and then over point.;
8.1;?;Gabriel to Burns, no run inside-edge. Good start from Gabriel. Full on off, Burns comes forward and inside-edges onto his back pad. There is an optimistic appeal but at least there is one.;
7.6;4;Roach to Warner, FOUR runs wow, three in succession. Not a bad delivery but the bowlers have bowled Warner into this form. Back of a length on off, Warner flat-bats a cut through cover. A very muscular punch gets him four more;
7.5;4;Roach to Warner, FOUR runs short and four, that seems to be the second length for WI bowlers. Just sits up for Warner who shovels a pull through square leg;
7.4;4;Roach to Warner, FOUR runs overpitched and four. That seems to be the theme of the day so far. Roach goes too full outside off and Warner punches the drive through mid-off for another boundary. Runs flowing without trouble;
7.3;?;Roach to Warner, no run back of a length on off, Warner stays in his crease and quells to point. Better lines, no swing though;
7.2;?;Roach to Warner, no run defended off the front foot, good lengths outside off;
7.1;?;Roach to Warner, no run perfect length, fuller than a good length outside off, Warner watchfully leaves;
6.6;4;Taylor to Burns, FOUR runs too short and pummeled. What a shot that is. Taylor drags this down, short on off. Burns stays in his crease and whacks the pull through square leg. Another poor ball, sat up for Burns;
6.5;?;Taylor to Burns, no run that is a lovely length, good outside off. Burns shoulders arms and lets go;
6.4;?;Taylor to Burns, no run honing in on that off stump. Full length which is met by the solid face of Burns' bat face to mid-on;
6.3;2;Taylor to Burns, 2 runs overpitched on middle, squirted off the inside half through midwicket for a couple.;
6.2;?;Taylor to Burns, no run good delivery that, 140 kph. Just outside off, a hint of inswing. Not prodigious enough, enabling Burns to leave;
6.1;3;Taylor to Warner, 3 runs just a punch, all timing on that. Full on off, Warner stays in his crease and just defensively punches this past mid-on for three.;
5.6;?;Roach to Burns, no run maiden. good over from Roach. Good length on off, Burns stays in his crease to defend comfortably;
5.5;?;Roach to Burns, no run 136 kph, good length, climbing up nicely on off, Burns blocks;
5.4;?;Roach to Burns, no run back of a length outside off, defended comfortably towards cover;
5.3;?;Roach to Burns, no run ooh, plays away from his body, not a good stroke now. Full outside off, drawing Burns forward but the ball swerves past the defensive prod of Burns;
5.2;?;Roach to Burns, no run good length outside off, not a bad length but not making Burns play;
5.1;?;Roach to Burns, no run back of a length outside off, Burns goes back and solidly behind that to push to cover;
4.6;?;Taylor to Warner, no run that is better, full length on off but not a half-volley. Warner pushes towards cover;
4.5;?;Taylor to Warner, no run 144.4 kph, too full again and Taylor gets away with this. Warner drives nicely but straight to cover.;
4.4;4;Taylor to Warner, FOUR runs 142.7 kph, too straight now and Warner whips this through the midwicket gap for four more. Too many runs here. Warner will not miss out on this. Bad bad start for WI;
4.3;?;Taylor to Warner, no run;
4.2;4;Taylor to Warner, FOUR runs too full again, smashes through the cover region for four more. Terrible ball that to Warner. Cannot stray on that length. All Warner needed to do was find the gap and that he did;
4.1;?;Taylor to Warner, no run excellent start, 142 kph. Good length outside off - sixth-stump line. Warner withdraws his bat quite late;
3.6;?;Roach to Burns, no run closer to off stump at least this time, Burns skews this towards midwicket. Fuller length;
3.5;4;Roach to Burns, FOUR runs 135.4 kph, the runs are leaking. Half-volley outside off, Burns times a drive to that cover point boundary yet again. Poor bowling this.;
3.4;4;Roach to Burns, FOUR runs oh no, it is getting worse for WI. Roach pushes this down leg and Burns shuffles across and tickles it fine towards the fine leg boundary. Easy pickings for these openers.;
3.3;?;Roach to Burns, no run shortish delivery but too wide outside off yet again, left alone;
3.2;4;Roach to Burns, FOUR runs poor delivery now. Overpitched outside off, no swing from there and Burns threads the gap through cover point for four. Nicely driven, just timing.;
3.1;?;Roach to Burns, no run goes wider of the crease outside off. Comes back in just a little, similar direction of swing to Warner. Too wide though and left alone;
2.6;1;Taylor to Burns, 1 run good run, that is what you need your openers to do on a first morning. pushed with soft hands towards cover and they get a quick run. Played that length delivery late too.;
2.5;?;Taylor to Burns, no run cut him in half there, back of a length on off, no movement, straightens up. Burns plays outside the line and the ball sneaks through and misses the edge;
2.4;?;Taylor to Burns, no run drifts down leg now, Burns gets no bat on it and Ramdin collects;
2.3;?;Taylor to Burns, no run 141 kph, back of a length on middle, Burns misses his nudge now and is struck on the thigh. No swing there.;
2.2;?;Taylor to Burns, no run good from Taylor. Good length outside off, away movement, steered to point;
2.1;4;Taylor to Burns, FOUR runs nicely played. Hung on the back foot and pulled the shortish delivery easily over square leg. Banged in on a back of a length and Burns needed no second invitation;
1.6;?;Roach to Warner, no run back of a length on middle and leg, Warner misses out on some runs now, gets struck on the midrift after missing his flick;
1.5;4;Roach to Warner, FOUR runs dropped? WI have to cling on to these opportunities somehow. Excellent line on off, Warner defensively prods at that and gets a thick outside edge. Ramdin dives across in front of first slip and it just about carries. Would not have carried to first slip so good movement from Ramdin. Fingertips and away to the boundary.;
1.4;?;Roach to Warner, no run that is good from Roach, 136 kph but full outside off. Not much swing for Roach. pushed to mid-off;
1.3;?;Roach to Warner, no run 138 kph, solidly behind the line of that delivery. Nice full length but not a half-volley forcing Warner to defend;
1.2;4;Roach to Warner, FOUR runs Warner still finds the gap and that will be the first boundary of the day. Too full, end sup overpitched on off and Warner caresses a drive through the cover region for four;
1.1;?;Roach to Warner, no run nice lines, 135 kph. Fuller than a good length outside off, Warner leaves.;
1.1;1nb;Roach to Warner, (no ball) Roach starts with a no ball now. Full length on off, not too much swing for Roach, comfortably pushed to mid-off off the front foot.;
0.6;?;Taylor to Burns, no run end of a good first over from JT. Full on middle and leg, swung away a touch which squared Burns up as he pushed to mid-on;
0.5;?;Taylor to Burns, no run almost got through, very good start this so far from Taylor. That may have been overpitched but hustles Burns for pace who awkwardly inside-edges towards square leg;
0.4;2;Taylor to Burns, 2 runs first runs off the bat today, nice away swinging delivery outside off. Burns plays that late and deflects it past gully for a couple. Good bowling;
0.3;?;Taylor to Burns, no run full delivery again, swinging away outside off. Burns pushes to point from the crease;
0.2;?;Taylor to Burns, no run wow, 138.8 kph, what a ball that was. How did that miss that off bail? Burns leaves on bounce, I suspect and judges to perfection. The ball pitches outside off and doesn't move away. Bounces over off stump.;
0.1;?;Taylor to Burns, no run good from JT. Nice away movement, fuller length on middle, swinging towards off. Burns gets behind the line and defends;
0.1;1nb;Taylor to Burns, (no ball) oh no, poor start from Taylor, he has overstepped off the first ball. The delivery itself was good, full length on off and moving away which was easily defended towards point;

10.29am Curtly Ambrose has a chat with his troops before they take the field. Warner and Burns too after that. Burns will take the bowling. Jerome Taylor has the cherry, three slips and a gully in place. Early wickets, early wickets, early wickets has to be their mantra.
10.20am The pitch has a greenish tinge to it but should remain firm throughout the Test. WI's pacers - Taylor, Roach, Gabriel and Holder should enjoy it on the first morning under slightly overcast conditions.
Andrew Lewis: "@Punit That is exactly why you always bat first. Bat first and bat poorly and you are still in the game. Theoretically Australia could have come back and bowled England out for 60. Bowl first and bowl poorly and you can't win the Test Match - ask Nasser Hussain"
Punit: ""the first part of the tour does not go their way". Infact, I would say it has gone West Indies' way. The only way I can see them having a chance of winning is Jerome Taylor ripping through the Aussie batting. If they batted first, there is a danger of them folding very quickly by Pattinson and co. Atleast by bowling first they have a chance to get into the game. And glad to see Gabriel playing, he has genuine pace. But not too sure about Roach, after injury he is nowhere near his best."
10.15am Right, the first part of the tour does not go their way. West Indies need to start well or this could be a long series for em. The could start by removing in-form Davey Warner early. Australia, on the other hand, will look to pile on heaps of runs. Maybe even 350-400 today?
Davo: "I really hope the West Indies dig deep and put up a competitive effort in this match. The press coverage of their tour so far has been very negative to say the least and that doesn't do Test cricket any favours."
10.00am Australia have won the toss and chosen to bat.. James Pattinson gets a game, which is Australia's only change from the day-night Test.
9.55am A few naughty-looking clouds overhead but we should not have too many delays during the course of this Test, and that could possibly be a consideration for the toss-winning captain. And the pitch, which could plausibly be sporting, should be good for batting. Toss in a bit.
Meanwhile, Brydon Coverdale has surgically pierced through the intricacies of this opening game in his preview. Do have a read.
9.45am Hello everyone and welcome back to Test cricket in Australia, the day-night Test seems an age ago now but West Indies have arrived for one of their toughest Test tours of the year. The scene is set at the Bellerive Oval in Hobart, which will play host to the first of three encounters between these two units. West Indies, no doubt, have their task cut out, also considering their well-documented issues but how will Australia pick themselves up for this series?
 Innings Start
Australia have enforced the follow-on. Just the start Australia needed today. They wrap things up in just about five overs. WI's openers will need a special effort in the second dig.
69.6;W;Siddle to Bravo, OUT gone! Bravo looks for the big shot of the final ball of the over. He tries to go down the ground, but that gentle away shape takes the ball away from Bravo who can only top-edge one to point. Lyon takes a comfortable catch.;Darren Bravo c Lyon b Siddle 108 (254m 177b 20x4 0x6) SR: 61.01;
69.5;?;Siddle to Bravo, no run good length on middle, 129 kph, Bravo tries to create some runs but can only punch to mid-on;
69.4;?;Siddle to Bravo, no run 118 kph, full on off, gentle away movement, pushed to cover;
69.3;?;Siddle to Bravo, no run back of a length on off, punched down to mid-off from the back foot;
69.2;?;Siddle to Bravo, no run wider outside off, left alone;
69.1;2;Siddle to Bravo, 2 runs 130 kph, fullish on middle, skewed towards midwicket;
68.6;?;Hazlewood to Warrican, no run shot, full and coming back in towards middle, Warrican times a lovely on-drive to a wide short mid-on;
68.5;2;Hazlewood to Warrican, 2 runs good delivery again, inswinging yorker towards off, squirted through midwicket for a couple.;
68.4;?;Hazlewood to Warrican, no run lovely delivery, full length on off, shaping away just a touch. Blocked;
68.3;?;Hazlewood to Warrican, no run wider outside off, tailing back in, Warrican inside-edges onto his pads;
68.2;?;Hazlewood to Warrican, no run straying down leg, Warrican misses;
68.1;?;Hazlewood to Warrican, no run 134 kph, ooh, very very close to Burns. What happened there? Was there some glove and then onto the thigh pad? Hotspot has nothing. Good length delivery on leg, the ball strikes Warrican's thigh pad and then evades short leg.;
67.6;4;Siddle to Bravo, FOUR runs slashed to the point boundary, short and wide outside off. Bravo creams a cut through backward point;
67.5;?;Siddle to Bravo, no run good length on off, solidly behind it to defend back up the pitch;
67.4;?;Siddle to Bravo, no run pushed wider across off stump on a full length, left alone;
67.3;?;Siddle to Bravo, no run 118 kph, very gentle pace from Siddle. Bravo gets behind the line to block;
67.2;?;Siddle to Bravo, no run 129 kph, full on off. Not much movement. Defended;
67.1;?;Siddle to Bravo, no run full outside off, left alone;
66.6;W;Hazlewood to Taylor, OUT gone first ball. Things happening all of a sudden. All it took was one ball. Another excellent delivery, good length outside off, nipping back in towards off. Taylor is very tentative and goes for a cut, a thick inside edge clatters into the stumps and that is another for Hazlewood.;Jerome Taylor b Hazlewood 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
66.5;W;Hazlewood to Roach, OUT early wicket for Hazlewood, he bangs it on that good length outside off, like he usually does and Roach naughtily flirts at that and feathers through to Nevill. Early breakthrough for Australia, just what they needed. Played well away from his body there, just enough movement for Hazlewood;Kemar Roach c ?Nevill b Hazlewood 31 (110m 94b 3x4 0x6) SR: 32.97;
66.4;?;Hazlewood to Roach, no run 132.4 kph, this one holds its line outside off, Roach plays defensively but gets a thick outside edge to gully on the bounce;
66.3;?;Hazlewood to Roach, no run ooh, late movement, well bowled. Pitches on a full length outside off and this one jags back in late to kiss the inside edge and then onto the pad;
66.2;?;Hazlewood to Roach, no run 132 kph, fullish outside off, hardly any movement. Defended to mid-off;
66.1;?;Hazlewood to Roach, no run Hazlewood starts with a full delivery on off, Roach is solidly behind it;
65.6;4;Siddle to Bravo, FOUR runs that will be his 100. Great knock from Bravo, slices a drive past point to bring up his ton. Removes his helmet and acknowledges the cheers, he kneels down and kisses the pitch, great innings. His first innings in Australia, too.;
65.5;?;Siddle to Bravo, no run 127.5 kph, good length again, tempting Bravo to drive outside off but he doesn't want to, leaves again;
65.4;?;Siddle to Bravo, no run 127 kph, gentle pace on off, good length outside off and Bravo goes back to defend back to Siddle;
65.3;?;Siddle to Bravo, no run better from Sids, full length, shaping away outside off. Left alone;
65.2;4;Siddle to Bravo, FOUR runs through the gap and to the boundary, overpitched from Siddle outside off, Bravo lays into a drive through extra cover for four. he moves onto 98;
65.1;?;Siddle to Bravo, no run full yorker outside off at 126 kph, left alone by Bravo;
64.6;?;Pattinson to Roach, no run and he keeps it out. Good length on off, Roach gets right behind the line and keeps it out;
64.5;2;Pattinson to Roach, 2 runs back of a length on middle, inside-edged towards midwicket for another couple;
64.4;2b;Pattinson to Roach, 2 byes drifts down leg, Nevill cannot collect and there be some extras;
64.3;?;Pattinson to Roach, no run short bouncer on leg, Roach gets under that;
64.2;2;Pattinson to Roach, 2 runs good length outside off, pushed into the gap at cover for a brace;
64.2;1nb;Pattinson to Roach, (no ball) no ball, Pattinson has overstepped. Back of a length on middle, the ball climbs on Roach who plays it well, keeps it down;
64.1;1;Pattinson to Bravo, 1 run back of a length on middle, Bravo goes back and turns this towards short midwicket for a quick run;
63.6;?;Lyon to Roach, no run nicely bowled, end of a good day for Lyon. Roach defends off the front foot;
63.5;?;Lyon to Roach, no run flat outside off, drifts on with the arm, played towards point;
63.4;?;Lyon to Roach, no run huge appeal but was it bat on ground or bat on ball?Smith goes for the review. Interesting. Roach seems confident. Tossed up outside off, Roach goes for the drive but is very late on it. The bat brushes the ground as it goes by. No bat on ball. Australia have lost their reviews.;
63.3;?;Lyon to Roach, no run flight on off, defended;
63.2;?;Lyon to Roach, no run that one drifted past the outside edge and bounced, very good bowling. Roach plays inside the line but is beaten;
63.1;?;Lyon to Roach, no run tossed up on off, defended by Roach, eyes over the ball;
62.6;?;Pattinson to Bravo, no run not a good shot from Bravo. Shortish outside off, Bravo goes for the cut but misses;
62.5;4lb;Pattinson to Bravo, 4 leg byes 139 kph, four leg byes for WI. Too straight and Pattinson pays the price, Bravo misses the flick but clips the pads and then to the fine leg boundary;
62.4;1;Pattinson to Roach, 1 run 137 kph, pushed away to cover for one. Roach played that away from his body but gets enough connection;
62.3;?;Pattinson to Roach, no run 141 kph, fuller than a good length on off, Roach is behind the line to keep it out;
62.2;1;Pattinson to Bravo, 1 run back of a length but straying down leg, turned away to fine leg;
62.1;?;Pattinson to Bravo, no run nice shortish delivery on off, Bravo gets tall and plays this towards gully;
61.6;?;Lyon to Roach, no run slower through the air on off, blocked off the front foot;
61.5;?;Lyon to Roach, no run tossed up on off, another solid block;
61.4;?;Lyon to Roach, no run short on off, blocked;
61.3;4;Lyon to Roach, FOUR runs lots of flight, top-order shot that. Nicely played inside the line and ensured there was no gap between bat and pad, driven beautifully through the point gap for four;
61.2;?;Lyon to Roach, no run defended off the front foot;
61.1;?;Lyon to Roach, no run slower through the air on off, pushed out towards cover;
60.6;?;Pattinson to Bravo, no run 138 kph, full on middle, pushed to mid-off;
60.6;1w;Pattinson to Bravo, 1 wide short and wide, very high bouncer and a wide called. Pattinson has not had a good day;
60.5;1;Pattinson to Roach, 1 run back of a length outside off, a touch of room, pushed towards cover for one;
60.4;?;Pattinson to Roach, no run yorker outside off, dug out to the bowler;
60.3;?;Pattinson to Roach, no run 138 kph, almost goes through, a thick inside edge saves him, and then to Burns at short leg. Good length that;
60.2;?;Pattinson to Roach, no run good short ball, dug in but too high, Roach is able to get safely underneath that;
60.1;?;Pattinson to Roach, no run 140 kph, fullish length on off, Roach is comfortable as he defends;
59.6;?;Siddle to Bravo, no run 135 kph, full on middle, turned to midwicket;
59.5;?;Siddle to Bravo, no run full length outside off, left alone again. Test of patience;
59.4;?;Siddle to Bravo, no run loose stroke, slower ball - 120 kph. Bravo is through the drive too early and hits towards mid-on;
59.3;?;Siddle to Bravo, no run back of a length on middle, tucked towards midwicket;
59.2;?;Siddle to Bravo, no run too full but close to off stump - sixth-stump line, left alone;
59.1;?;Siddle to Bravo, no run full and wide outside off, Bravo leaves confidently;
58.6;?;Pattinson to Roach, no run 128 kph, short bouncer down leg, Roach gets underneath that and lets it go;
58.5;?;Pattinson to Roach, no run a tad wide outside off, left alone;
58.4;2;Pattinson to Roach, 2 runs 138 kph, really good shot. Not excellently timed but finds the gap through cover for a couple. Good shot;
58.3;?;Pattinson to Roach, no run back of a length on off, Roach goes deep in the crease to defend under his eyes;
58.2;1;Pattinson to Bravo, 1 run;
58.1;4;Pattinson to Bravo, FOUR runs and that will be four more. A bit streaky again, full and wide outside off. Bravo goes after it and gets a thick outside edge wide of gully for four.;
57.6;?;Siddle to Roach, no run 132 kph, fuller on off, climbs up a little bit and hits Roach high on the bat;
57.5;?;Siddle to Roach, no run good bouncer, Roach almost ducks into it, took his eyes off very early. Careful mate;
57.4;?;Siddle to Roach, no run 133 kph, full and shaping back in to off, pushed to mid-off;
57.3;?;Siddle to Roach, no run turned towards square leg;
57.2;?;Siddle to Roach, no run not very well played, fuller outside off, Roach stays in the crease and tries to drive. The ball takes the outside edge on the bounce to gully. No feet movement;
57.1;?;Siddle to Roach, no run beauty. Pitches on off and shapes away a touch. Roach is comprehensively beaten;
56.6;4;Hazlewood to Bravo, FOUR runs what a shot that is. Whacked through cover. Excellent timing. Too full from Hazlewood and Bravo goes through with the shot and smashes it to the boundary;
56.5;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run 134.7 kph, fullish on off, Not much movement, blocked;
56.4;1;Hazlewood to Roach, 1 run full on off, worked towards midwicket for a single;
56.3;1;Hazlewood to Bravo, 1 run full outside off, driven towards deep point;
56.2;4;Hazlewood to Bravo, FOUR runs well played there, guided this off the front foot to the backward point boundary. A tad too full and Bravo just used the pace to the boundary;
56.1;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run 131.4 kph, short bouncer on leg, Bravo ducks underneath that;
55.6;?;Siddle to Roach, no run good length outside off, pushed towards point;
55.5;?;Siddle to Roach, no run nicely delivered, full on middle, attacking those stumps. Played to mid-on;
55.4;?;Siddle to Roach, no run edged, but falls well short of the fielder. Full delivery on off, Roach plays with soft hands and the edge lands short of Voges at first slip;
55.3;?;Siddle to Roach, no run fullish on off, solidly driven to mid-off.;
55.2;?;Siddle to Roach, no run 127 kph, fullish outside off, moves away just a touch. Roach is beaten;
55.1;?;Siddle to Roach, no run 124 kph, gentle start from Siddle on off. Roach comfortably defends;
54.6;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run full outside off, again a tad too wide, left alone;
54.5;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run lovely length, fourth-stump line and a good leave from Bravo;
54.4;1;Hazlewood to Roach, 1 run nicely bowled, full on off, swerving back in, a thick inside edge goes towards fine leg;
54.3;?;Hazlewood to Roach, no run back of a length outside off, tailing back in. Blocked;
54.2;?;Hazlewood to Roach, no run good length outside off, too wide and Roach leaves;
54.1;?;Hazlewood to Roach, no run nice delivery, full outside off, Roach plays inside the line of that and is beaten;
53.6;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run well bowled, tossed up on middle. Bravo defends;
53.5;1;Lyon to Roach, 1 run slowish on leg, worked away to backward square leg;
53.4;?;Lyon to Roach, no run nicely tossed up on off, driven towards cover;
53.3;?;Lyon to Roach, no run slightly quicker and flatter outside off, pushed to cover;
53.2;?;Lyon to Roach, no run some more flight and air on off, defended;
53.1;?;Lyon to Roach, no run tossed up on off, blocked;
52.6;4;Hazlewood to Bravo, FOUR runs goes through the slips now. Unlucky for Hazlewood. He has been a bit fortuitous with those strokes. Short and wide, Bravo goes after it and gets a thick outside edge which flies between first and second slip.;
52.5;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run good length on off, blocked late and with an angled bat to the bowler;
52.4;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run 130 kph, full outside off, driven to mid-off;
52.3;3;Hazlewood to Roach, 3 runs streaky runs, good length outside off, Roach goes back and looks to punch through cover but the ball slices off the outside edge towards gully for three;
52.2;?;Hazlewood to Roach, no run 130 kph, full and honing in on off stump. Roach defends;
52.1;1;Hazlewood to Bravo, 1 run back of a length outside off, pushed to deep point for a single;
51.6;?;Lyon to Roach, no run too shot on off, turned to short leg;
51.5;?;Lyon to Roach, no run tossed up yet again outside off, defended;
51.4;?;Lyon to Roach, no run beats the outside edge, tossed up outside off and Roach plays inside the line;
51.3;?;Lyon to Roach, no run slower and short outside off, Roach goes back to push to cover;
51.2;?;Lyon to Roach, no run slow through the air and too short, Roach goes back to block;
51.1;?;Lyon to Roach, no run tossed up outside off, pushed towards mid-off;
50.6;?;Marsh to Bravo, no run fullish length outside off, steered to point;
50.5;?;Marsh to Bravo, no run good length on off, Bravo stays inside the line and defends;
50.4;4;Marsh to Bravo, FOUR runs superb shot, superlative timing. Overpitched outside off, Bravo leans into a drive and finds the gap through mid-off for four.;
50.3;?;Marsh to Bravo, no run well bowled, full on middle and off, Bravo solidly behind it;
50.2;4;Marsh to Bravo, FOUR runs not in control of that stroke but he'll still get four. Good length, shaping away outside off, Bravo goes after that and gets a thick outside edge which flies past gully and to the point boundary;
50.1;?;Marsh to Bravo, no run low full toss on e, worked out to square leg who makes a good diving stop. Burns there;
49.6;?;Lyon to Roach, no run and again, slowed up outside off, the ball rips past the outside edge. Good bowling;
49.5;?;Lyon to Roach, no run 83.5 kph, beaten. another one drifts past the outside edge. Very good pace and flight from Lyon;
49.4;?;Lyon to Roach, no run slightly slower but still short, Roach is struck on the thigh pad;
49.3;?;Lyon to Roach, no run well bowled, looped up outside off and Roach comes forward to defend;
49.2;?;Lyon to Roach, no run slower through the air outside off, Roach leaves;
49.1;?;Lyon to Roach, no run shortish outside off, blocked off the back foot;
48.6;?;Marsh to Bravo, no run full on leg, clipped to mid-on;
48.5;?;Marsh to Bravo, no run yorker on middle, straight drive which hits the stumps at he non-strikers end;
48.4;?;Marsh to Bravo, no run back of a length on leg, turned to square leg;
48.3;4;Marsh to Bravo, FOUR runs great shot! Too short from Mitch outside off, Bravo goes deep in the crease and flat-bats a pull to the midwicket boundary.;
48.2;2;Marsh to Bravo, 2 runs nice stroke. Too full outside off, pushed towards cover for a couple. Nicely played, just pushes it in that gap;
48.1;?;Marsh to Bravo, no run nice length, good length outside off, Bravo leaves;
47.6;?;Lyon to Roach, no run they go for the review. Umpire Erasmus gives it not out. Flatter on off, Roach goes down for the sweep but fails to connect. Massive appeal but the on-field call is not out. Smith chooses to go for the review. Is there too much spin? Umpire's call on stumps. Struck in line too. Australia lose a review. Not a great shot from Roach, though, it must be said.;
47.5;?;Lyon to Roach, no run much slower, 85 kph. Roach stays in the crease to defend;
47.4;?;Lyon to Roach, no run nice, 89.5 kph, Shorter on off, Roach goes back to block;
47.3;1;Lyon to Bravo, 1 run slightly short outside off, Bravo goes back and cuts towards point for one;
47.2;1b;Lyon to Roach, 1 bye drifts again, floated up outside off, the ball goes on and betas Roach on the outside edge, Nevill fails to collect as well, terrific loop;
47.1;4;Lyon to Roach, FOUR runs tossed up outside off, Roach goes for it and connects well. Square-driven to deep point for four. Well played.;
46.6;?;Marsh to Bravo, no run 129 kph, good length outside off, pushed towards cover;
46.5;?;Marsh to Bravo, no run nicely bowled, not too quick but he has put it there - wide-ish outside off, moves away. Driven to cover;
46.4;1lb;Marsh to Roach, 1 leg bye full down leg, hits Roach on the pad and then to fine leg for a leg bye;
46.3;?;Marsh to Roach, no run this one shoots up, good length outside off, the ball climbs up and hits Roach on the glove.;
46.2;?;Marsh to Roach, no run ducks back in, whew, he has created something immediately. Good length outside off, the ball jags back in prodigiously and goes through a massive gap between bat and pad. Roach is comprehensively beaten;
46.1;?;Marsh to Roach, no run 123 kph, full on off. Pushed to cover;
45.6;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run flatter and quick on middle, Bravo goes back to punch;
45.5;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run too full on middle, lots of air but too full. Blocked;
45.4;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run nicely bowled, floated up on middle. Defended;
45.3;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run tossed up on middle, blocked;
45.2;4;Lyon to Bravo, FOUR runs too short and too wide, Bravo goes deep in the crease and cuts it beautifully through point for four.;
45.1;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run tosses it up on middle, drifts on. Played to midwicket;
44.6;?;Pattinson to Roach, no run 134 kph, good length outside off, squeezed to point;
44.5;?;Pattinson to Roach, no run good length on off, Roach goes deep in the crease to defend off the back foot;
44.4;?;Pattinson to Roach, no run shortish outside off, rises on Roach who keeps it down nicely. Good technique;
44.3;?;Pattinson to Roach, no run good response! Bangs it in, short bouncer on middle, Roach hurriedly gets under it;
44.2;4;Pattinson to Roach, FOUR runs oh nice, right out of the middle and to the cover boundary. nice stride to the pitch and executes a lovely cover drive. Pattinson struggling here;
44.1;?;Pattinson to Roach, no run good length but too wide outside off, Roach leaves yet again. Has to be closer to off stump;
43.6;4;Siddle to Bravo, FOUR runs Bravo wins the battle, Siddle hangs it out there to drive outside off and Bravo lays into it, smashes the drive elegantly through cover for four. Great timing.;
43.5;?;Siddle to Bravo, no run full and wide outside off, the fifth consecutive leave;
43.4;?;Siddle to Bravo, no run 131.5 kph, fullish and wide yet again. Another leave. Siddle has a wry smile on his face, game of patience;
43.3;?;Siddle to Bravo, no run continues with that length and line, wider outside off and Bravo sticks to his own, left alone;
43.2;?;Siddle to Bravo, no run 134 kph, fuller length outside off, not much movement this time. Bravo plays another leave;
43.1;?;Siddle to Bravo, no run pitches outside off, jags back in, not enough though. Bravo can leave;
42.6;?;Pattinson to Roach, no run 135 kph, full and wide. Left alone confidently;
42.5;2;Pattinson to Roach, 2 runs too full outside off, guided to point with a square-drive who makes a half-diving stop, the pair get back for two;
42.4;1;Pattinson to Bravo, 1 run another good shot. Bravo brings up fifty with a punch drive through cover. Excellent knock, he has stuck out like a sore thumb;
42.3;?;Pattinson to Bravo, no run good variation, goes slightly wider of the crease and angles one away, keeps a touch low. Bravo goes on the back foot and pushes to cover;
42.2;?;Pattinson to Bravo, no run better, full on off. Not much movement though. Solidly blocked;
42.1;?;Pattinson to Bravo, no run goes down leg, an ODI wide. Bravo misses again;
41.6;?;Siddle to Roach, no run beaten again, lovely stuff from Siddle. In that channel outside off and Roach is tentative, his footwork isn't there and the ball goes through;
41.5;1;Siddle to Bravo, 1 run nicely played, opens the face of the bat to guide through point for a single. A tad too full;
41.4;?;Siddle to Bravo, no run full outside off, no reason for Bravo to play, lets it go;
41.3;3;Siddle to Roach, 3 runs another outside edge. Full outside off, Roach looks to drive and the drive goes past gully for three;
41.2;?;Siddle to Roach, no run beaten, nice lengths. Wide outside off but Roach comes forward and looks to defend but plays inside the line, beaten;
41.1;?;Siddle to Roach, no run 132 kph, that is a lovely length. Fuller than a good length on off, Roach is squared up and outside edges along the ground to gully;
40.6;4;Pattinson to Bravo, FOUR runs lovely timing on that, he'll get four. Too full on middle and easy pickings for Bravo who tucks this neatly through midwiclket for four. Wonderful shot;
40.5;?;Pattinson to Bravo, no run good length on off, Bravo hangs back and keeps it out. Patto has lacked penetration today.;
40.4;?;Pattinson to Bravo, no run fuller length on off, driven nicely to mid-off;
40.3;?;Pattinson to Bravo, no run good length. Aimed at off. Defended towards cover;
40.2;?;Pattinson to Bravo, no run 129 kph, back of a length on off. Bravo hangs back and defends well, right behind the line of that;
40.1;?;Pattinson to Bravo, no run strays down leg, Bravo misses a nudge;
39.6;?;Siddle to Roach, no run full again, attacking the off and middle line. Defended off the front foot;
39.5;?;Siddle to Roach, no run full on off and middle, Roach goes back and awkwardly keeps it out;
39.4;?;Siddle to Roach, no run full on middle, dug out;
39.3;W;Siddle to Holder, OUT given! Massive appeal and umpire Erasmus gives him after a bit of deliberation. Full on off, shaping back in towards off. Holder misses his flick and the ball sneaks through to strike him in front of middle and leg. He decides not to review. Replays show the ball would have missed the stumps, that was high. Unlucky, they did have a review up their sleeves. Hit Holder - a tall bloke - on the knee roll, he has a chat with Bravo and decides against the review. Can things get any worse?;Jason Holder lbw b Siddle 15 (37m 29b 1x4 0x6) SR: 51.72;
39.2;?;Siddle to Holder, no run full outside off, not much movement. Defended to cover;
39.1;2;Siddle to Holder, 2 runs a thick outside edge flies past gully for a couple. Fullish length and squeezed through;
38.6;?;Pattinson to Bravo, no run again a loose shot. He connected well but his feet were stuck in the crease, fuller and swinging away. Elegantly driven to cover;
38.5;?;Pattinson to Bravo, no run good length delivery on off, solidly blocked off the back foot;
38.4;?;Pattinson to Bravo, no run good length outside off, blocked off the back foot.;
38.3;4;Pattinson to Bravo, FOUR runs flayed through the off side, not a bad delivery but a loose shot. from the crease, he reaches for a full, wide delivery and gets the gap past point for four. Wafted;
38.2;?;Pattinson to Bravo, no run strays down leg now, no connection from Bravo;
38.1;4;Pattinson to Bravo, FOUR runs misjudges the length there Bravo. Fullish outside off, Bravo is playing from the crease and gets a bottom edge and an outside edge towards the third man boundary;
37.6;?;Siddle to Holder, no run he learns from his mistakes and leaves a similar delivery alone. Good start from Siddle;
37.5;?;Siddle to Holder, no run holds its line again, fuller outside off, Holder is beaten;
37.4;?;Siddle to Holder, no run overly full on off, pushed to mid-off;
37.3;?;Siddle to Holder, no run just straightens and holds its line. Full outside off and Holder is poking at that, beaten.;
37.2;1;Siddle to Bravo, 1 run nicely played, clipped in front of square for a run. Too straight from Siddle;
37.1;?;Siddle to Bravo, no run full on off, pushed to mid-off from the front foot;
36.6;2;Hazlewood to Holder, 2 runs overpitched outside off, nicely sliced in front of point for a couple. Got to score when they can;
36.5;?;Hazlewood to Holder, no run full outside off, a but if tail back in but Holder wants nothing to do with that;
36.4;?;Hazlewood to Holder, no run good length on off, blocked by Holder;
36.3;1;Hazlewood to Bravo, 1 run good length but straying down leg, a bit of thigh pad towards square leg for one;
36.2;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run nice stroke, full on off, punchily driven to mid-off;
36.1;1;Hazlewood to Holder, 1 run good bowling, well played too. Fullish on off, driven with soft hands towards cover for one;
35.6;1;Lyon to Holder, 1 run 87 kph, quick on middle, worked to long-on for one. Not sure why they need a long-on actually;
35.5;?;Lyon to Holder, no run slowed up through the air outside off, Holder defends well, bat and pad close together;
35.4;1;Lyon to Bravo, 1 run tossed up on off, Bravo drives past cover for one;
35.3;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run too full on leg, whipped to midwicket;
35.2;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run slower through the air on off, tossed up and blocked;
35.1;1;Lyon to Holder, 1 run flatter outside off, pushed to deep point for one;
34.6;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run no, not a good shot. Fullish outside off, swinging away. Bravo stays in is crease, doesn't move his feet and goes through with the drive to point.;
34.5;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run good length on off, defended off the back foot;
34.4;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run ooh, he has been leaving those all day but now he pokes at one and is beaten. Good length, moving away again and Bravo cannot help himself;
34.3;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run good length outside off, generating good bounce here. Left alone;
34.2;1;Hazlewood to Holder, 1 run full outside off, good run from Holder. Pushes that defensively towards cover for a quick single, soft hands there;
34.1;2;Hazlewood to Holder, 2 runs fullish outside off, Holder squirts this past gully for a couple. Just enough movement out there to keep the bowlers interested;
33.6;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run shortish, pushed through quicker outside off, punched to cover off the back foot;
33.5;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run 89 kph, lots of air and too full, driven back at the bowler;
33.4;1;Lyon to Holder, 1 run squeezed to third man for one, outside off, again the drift takes that outside half;
33.3;?;Lyon to Holder, no run tossed up outside off, a thick inside edge onto the pad;
33.2;?;Lyon to Holder, no run pushed to cover;
33.1;4;Lyon to Holder, FOUR runs nice shot, he was looking to be positive and this time goes through with the shot. This was a better stroke because he hits with the spin, launches one over mid-on.;
32.6;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run full outside off, Bravo steers clear of that ball and lets it be;
32.5;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run banged in on a shorter length on middle, Bravo rises tall and keeps it down. Good technique there;
32.4;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run fullish on off, Bravo guides to point;
32.3;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run good length, zoning in on that top of off line. Left alone as it is on a fourth-stump line;
32.2;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run full on off, he strides forward and then pushes to mid-off;
32.1;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run beautiful from Bravo. Full and outside off, a lovely flowing drive goes straight to short cover;
31.6;?;Lyon to Holder, no run drift again, this one goes on and straightens, Holder plays for spin but gets the outside half of the bat towards point;
31.5;?;Lyon to Holder, no run tossed up outside off, a bit of an inside edge towards short leg;
31.4;?;Lyon to Holder, no run flat outside off, defended towards point;
31.3;?;Lyon to Holder, no run flight on middle, turned to mid-on with the spin;
31.2;?;Lyon to Holder, no run nice flight outside off, a huge gap between bat and pad but the ball strikes the inside edge towards midwicket;
31.1;?;Lyon to Holder, no run again, a wild drive. Tossed up outside off, Holder lunges forward but reaches for a drive to mid-off;
30.6;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run full on off, pushed defensively towards cover;
30.5;1lb;Hazlewood to Holder, 1 leg bye full down leg, a bit of an optimistic appeal but that was well down leg;
30.4;?;Hazlewood to Holder, no run 135 kph, good length outside off. The ball takes off from and climbs steeply but Holder stays in his crease, and the line is wide outside off;
30.3;?;Hazlewood to Holder, no run wonderful delivery first up, full and shaping back in towards leg. Holder pushes to mid-on;
30.2;W;Hazlewood to Ramdin, OUT and now Ramdin has to go. Very streaky innings from Ramdin. That one kept low but that is poor technique from Ramdin. Plays back to one he should have been forward to, and brings an angled bat down. The ball sneaks through to hit off stump. WI capitulating. Not a back of a length delivery ,was much fuller than that and he should have been on the front foot. Instead, he played from the crease and the ball went through the gap;Denesh Ramdin b Hazlewood 8 (14m 15b 1x4 0x6) SR: 53.33;
30.1;4;Hazlewood to Ramdin, FOUR runs poor shot from Ramdin. Full and wide, angling back in but Ramdin goes through with the exuberant drive, gets a thick inside edge which just evades the stumps and to the fine leg boundary.;
29.6;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run 88 kph, a touch shorter on off, Bravo rocks back and keeps it out;
29.5;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run pushed through wider outside off, Bravo comes forward and defends off the front foot;
29.4;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run defended off the front foot;
29.3;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run tossed up on middle, blocked;
29.2;1;Lyon to Ramdin, 1 run not sure about this shot from Ramdin, looks to force a drive against the spin to mid-off, gets it this time;
29.1;1;Lyon to Bravo, 1 run drift, starts off with a ball that hardly turn on middle, a thick inside-edge evades short leg and towards backward square leg;
28.6;2;Hazlewood to Ramdin, 2 runs ooh, streaky shot. Lots of miscommunication but they make it back safely. Fullish on off, swerving back in. Ramdin gets the inside-half of the bat and then through midwicket. They are undecided whether there are two on offer.;
28.5;?;Hazlewood to Ramdin, no run lovely line. Just close to off stump on a full length, defended;
28.4;?;Hazlewood to Ramdin, no run good length, swinging back in but starts too wide, left alone;
28.3;?;Hazlewood to Ramdin, no run good leave, full outside off. Ramdin chooses to leave;
28.2;?;Hazlewood to Ramdin, no run nice length, fuller than a good length outside off. Ramdin is hanging back and keeps it out off the back foot;
28.1;?;Hazlewood to Ramdin, no run nice stroke to begin the session, full on off, ramdin unleashes a straight-bat drive to mid-off who makes a good diving stop;
27.6;1;Lyon to Ramdin, 1 run yikes, he goes after that. Tossed up outside off, Ramdin forces a drive through cover for one. Did not need to play that;
27.5;?;Lyon to Ramdin, no run some flight on middle, powered to mid-on;
27.4;?;Lyon to Ramdin, no run shortish outside off, not much turn. Ramdin is forward but leaves;
27.3;?;Lyon to Ramdin, no run lovely length, Ramdin comes forward and defends. Just outside off;
27.2;?;Lyon to Ramdin, no run nice flight on middle, pushed powerfully to mid-on;
27.1;?;Lyon to Ramdin, no run wow, what drift. Lots of bounce too. Lovely bowling. Ramdin watchfully leaves;
26.6;?;Siddle to Bravo, no run good length, shaping away outside off, pushed to short cover;
26.5;?;Siddle to Bravo, no run back of a length on off, defended;
26.4;?;Siddle to Bravo, no run wow, good leave that. Very close to off stump. Siddle is there and thereabouts almost all the time. This one is perilously close to off stump and the length delivery is left;
26.3;2;Siddle to Bravo, 2 runs good stroke again, fuller outside off, just a punch through cover. Did not look to hit that, just timing;
26.2;?;Siddle to Bravo, no run fullish and tailing back in from around the wicket, played with the angle to mid-on;
26.1;?;Siddle to Bravo, no run back of a length on off, Bravo awkwardly keeps it out. Good stuff. A lot resting on Bravo;
25.6;W;Lyon to Blackwood, OUT and another for Lyon. He is in the middle of an amazing spell. Tossed up on a good length outside off and spins in to Blackwood who defends with hard hands, the ball takes the inside edge and a simple catch to short leg. Lyon on fire. Really good bowling, he has mixing up his length and that is ideal. Blackwood is neither forward or back;Jermaine Blackwood c Burns b Lyon 0 (3m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
25.5;?;Lyon to Blackwood, no run drift now, bowls it wider outside off and the ball skids on. Left alone;
25.4;?;Lyon to Blackwood, no run too short again, JB defends off the back foot;
25.3;?;Lyon to Blackwood, no run a touch short outside off, JB goes back and punches into the off side;
25.2;?;Lyon to Blackwood, no run almost through the bat-pad gap, fullish on off, Blackwood drives towards mid-on;
25.1;W;Lyon to Samuels, OUT what a catch that is. Stunning stuff from Lyon. Absolutely scintillating reflexes. Tossed up outside off, Samuels goes for the drive and uppishly drives at that to Lyon's left who dives and takes an unbelievable catch high to his left. Really good bowling and Lyon has two. WI in trouble. What kind of a shot was that from MS? Through the shot too early.;Marlon Samuels c & b Lyon 9 (23m 14b 1x4 0x6) SR: 64.28;
24.6;?;Siddle to Bravo, no run back of a length on middle, turned to square leg;
24.5;?;Siddle to Bravo, no run short and wide, deserved to be punished but bravo gets an under-edged to the keeper;
24.4;4;Siddle to Bravo, FOUR runs expansive shot and he'll get four for it. Did not need to hit that so hard, in fact costed him timing. He wanted to muscle the full length delivery and a hand came off the bat handle while playing. Goes to the cover bloundary;
24.3;?;Siddle to Bravo, no run full outside off, Bravo hangs back and pushes to cover;
24.2;2;Siddle to Bravo, 2 runs a bit of an outside edge, flies away past gully for a couple. Good line and a full length;
24.1;?;Siddle to Bravo, no run overpitched on middle from around the wicket, driven back at Siddle who fields;
23.6;2;Lyon to Samuels, 2 runs drifts down leg now and MS flicks this fine towards fine leg for a couple;
23.5;4;Lyon to Samuels, FOUR runs shot, goes deep in his crease and opens up his stance to cut in front of point for four;
23.4;?;Lyon to Samuels, no run nice pace, slower through the air outside off. Samuels comes forward and smothers the spin by closing gap between bat and pad, defended;
23.3;?;Lyon to Samuels, no run slower and short outside off, Samuels goes back to block;
23.2;?;Lyon to Samuels, no run pushed towards cover;
23.1;?;Lyon to Samuels, no run nice again,massive appeal, may have been turning too much. Smith has a chat with keeper and decides against the review. Samuels plays inside the line and gets struck on the pad in front of middle;
22.6;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run excellent short delivery, short on middle, Bravo hustles back to quell to square leg;
22.5;4;Hazlewood to Bravo, FOUR runs lovely shot now, shot of the innings in fact. Hangs back and punches a length delivery through cover for four.;
22.4;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run strays down leg, Nevill collects;
22.3;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run back of a length outside off, shaping away. Bravo stays back and pushes to cover;
22.2;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run full outside off, not much movement but Bravo's feet are not quite to the pitch, driven to mid-off;
22.1;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run 135 kph, full on off, pushed to point;
21.6;1;Lyon to Bravo, 1 run drifts on with the arm again, Bravo inside-edges this past short leg for one;
21.5;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run lovely bowling here, tossed up on off, defended;
21.4;1;Lyon to Samuels, 1 run not that full nor short but Samuels chooses a wrong shot, goes back to cut and does so in front of point for a single. Should have been forward to that;
21.3;?;Lyon to Samuels, no run tossed up again on off, just a little bit of drift, Samuels blocks;
21.2;?;Lyon to Samuels, no run this is good stuff, outside off and Samuels defends;
21.1;2;Lyon to Samuels, 2 runs slower on leg, Samuels tickles this fine for a couple;
20.6;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run good over there, full on off, Bravo puhses to mid-off with the angle;
20.5;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run back of a length outside off, pushed to mid-off;
20.4;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run good delivery, just needs one to shoot away from that outside edge. Pitches on off, Bravo stays in the crease and defends;
20.3;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run excellent lines, just need to get it closer to off stump. Full outside off, Bravo leaves;
20.2;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run good length on off, Bravo stays in his crease and then defends;
20.1;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run nice start, full outside off, pushed across the left-hander who leaves well;
19.6;?;Lyon to Samuels, no run tossed up again, a tad too full and blocked;
19.5;?;Lyon to Samuels, no run slower on off, Samuels comes forward and defends;
19.4;?;Lyon to Samuels, no run oh yes, shorter and wide outside off, the ball spins back in and just misses off stump as Samuels leaves;
19.3;W;Lyon to Chandrika, OUT drift has done it. Chandrika struggled against the spin and his misery has ended. Tossed up outside off, the ball drifts on and Chandrika goes for the drive. poor shot against the spin, the ball takes the outside edge and Smith takes it after juggling the ball a couple of times. Really good bowling;Rajendra Chandrika c Smith b Lyon 25 (85m 58b 1x4 0x6) SR: 43.1;
19.2;?;Lyon to Chandrika, no run lovely, really well bowled, tossed up outside off, Chandrika comes down and gets beaten on the inside edge, struck on the pad;
19.1;?;Lyon to Chandrika, no run slower and wide, left alone;
18.6;?;Pattinson to Bravo, no run 141 kph, full on off, pushed with soft hands towards cover. They decide against the single;
18.5;1;Pattinson to Chandrika, 1 run nudged off his hips into the leg side;
18.5;2nb;Pattinson to Bravo, (no ball) 1 run oversteps again, Pattinson struggling for rhythm. Good length on off, Bravo goes back and pushes to cover for a run;
18.4;4;Pattinson to Bravo, FOUR runs shot. lovely shot. Short and wide, deserved to go. Bravo goes back and whacks a flat-batted cut in the gap at extra cover.;
18.3;?;Pattinson to Bravo, no run drifts down leg, Bravo misses his nudge and some runs;
18.2;?;Pattinson to Bravo, no run a hint of away shape. Fullish outside off, pushed towards point. Bravo was hanging on the back foot there;
18.2;5nb;Pattinson to Bravo, (no ball) FOUR runs oversteps again, too full outside off, Bravo goes for the drive and gets a thick outside edge which flies wide of gully. Just not creating enough are the bowlers;
18.1;1;Pattinson to Chandrika, 1 run banged in on leg, Chandrika hustles to flick to fine leg.;
17.6;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run just short of short leg, pushed through quicker on leg, Bravo inside-edges and the ball lands just in front of Burns;
17.5;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run flight on off, blocked;
17.4;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run pads up to one, flighted outside off, Bravo comes forward and then offers his pad;
17.3;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run nice flight on that, tossed up on off, goes on with the arm, driven to mid-on;
17.2;?;Lyon to Bravo, no run tossed up on off, blocked off the front foot;
17.1;4;Lyon to Bravo, FOUR runs shortish outside off, Bravo leans back and flat-bats a cut in the gap at extra cover. Terrific shot, races to the boundary;
16.6;?;Pattinson to Chandrika, no run driven towards mid-on;
16.5;?;Pattinson to Chandrika, no run poor shot, nothing shot. Good bouncer outside off, Chandrika is very late on the stroke and is beaten. Lots of poohs and aahs, you do not want to play bouncers awkwardly;
16.4;?;Pattinson to Chandrika, no run;
16.3;?;Pattinson to Chandrika, no run back of a length on off, Chandrika defends off the back foot. Gets behind the line well;
16.3;1nb;Pattinson to Chandrika, (no ball) Patto oversteps, full on off, pushed to mid-off;
16.2;?;Pattinson to Chandrika, no run good length outside off, Chandrika leaves off the front foot;
16.1;1;Pattinson to Bravo, 1 run back of a length delivery outside off, pushed to cover for a quick single. with Bravo being on the back foot, there was a chance for a run-out if either fielder had got there quicker;

A short midwicket in place, Patto comes around the wicket
 Innings Start
2.55pm And that will be it from us here at ESPNcricinfo from this first Test. We will be back, come December 26, to take you through the next game. Until then, take care.
2.40pm Utterly dominant display by Australia, a huge win for them and they take a 1-0 series lead. Two and a half days is all it took for Australia to rack up a massive score and then get 20 WI wickets. They enforced the follow-on this morning after cleaning up the last three wickets to fall in quick time. And Pattinson set fire to WI's top order. Thereafter, an uphill task became implausible. WI, on the other hand, were not very good. They did have a few bright sparks and plenty of positives but that is all they will take away. Darren Bravo and Kraigg Brathwaite played exceptionally well for their scores but it was nowhere near enough. Plenty of time before the Boxing Day Test at MCG, and they will have to pick themselves up. Can they? Will they? Australia are left with good selection dilemmas, Usman Khawaja is expected to fit right back at No 3, but who will they drop.
Adam Voges is the Man of the Match: Fantastic to be part of another Test match win, quite fitting that they (Ponsford and Bradman) still hold the record. I'm enjoying every minute of it, I probably wear my cap around the house a bit too. It has been a bit of a transition, great to see Pattinson back in the side. We are gelling nicely as a unit, we are feeling part of the Test match unit.
Jason Holder: Tough three days for us, indisciplined on the first session and continued throughout the day. We have to be patient when we bowl. Spend some time in the middle when we bat, credit to Bravo and Brathwaite, unfortunately most of the batsmen didn't get in, and those who did, did not carry on. We have a practice game, hopefully we can make use of it. A lot of soul-searching to be done. Definitely believe in my team, have to stay together as a team.
Steven Smith: Was a good win, we fought back after being 3 for 120, the stand set us up. Voges has looked good every match he has played. He understands the game really well and it is nice to bounce a few ideas off him. Nice to have some stocks there, Hazlewood has stepped up and led the attack beautifully. Outstanding effort from Pattinson. Lyon bowled beautifully, not much assistance for him. Always great to play the Boxing Day test, always a pleasure. Hopefully we can keep it up.
Bollo: "Brathwaite (63.51% of team total) is the 4th highest of an any individual test innings. Such a pity he couldn`t score 6 more."
36.3;W;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, OUT what a shame! An exceptional innings ends, Hazlewood gets through the defense of Brathwaite. May have been a slower ball or one that just shaped back in, Brathwaite is beaten with the swing and the stumps are rattled. The players shake hands and the Test is done, Australia complete a massive win, an innings and 212 runs;Kraigg Brathwaite b Hazlewood 94 (165m 122b 13x4 1x6) SR: 77.04;
36.2;4;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, FOUR runs improvisation, wonderful batting. Brathwaite moves to 94. Gets under a short ball outside off and ramps it over gully for four. Terrific batting. Another safe shot;
36.1;2;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, 2 runs too straight again and tucked through midwicket for two more. Nice batting. Into the 90s now;
35.6;1;Marsh to Brathwaite, 1 run he is happy with one, whipped through midwicket, thought of three but he is happy with one. Keeps strike;
35.5;2;Marsh to Brathwaite, 2 runs straight, full on middle, clipped towards square leg, he could have been satisfied with one but he comes back for the second. 87;
35.4;4;Marsh to Brathwaite, FOUR runs four in four! Wow. Brathwaite on 85. Short and wide, Brathwaite flays a cut through gully and backward point for four more.;
35.3;4;Marsh to Brathwaite, FOUR runs too full now and clipped to the square leg boundary, Brathwaite braces to 81. All timing, just good cricketing shots these. Plays it as late as possible;
35.2;4;Marsh to Brathwaite, FOUR runs beautiful, shortish but not as wide, he opens the face and guides through gully, a late cut wonderfully executed. Four more;
35.1;4;Marsh to Brathwaite, FOUR runs another boundary, stays on the back foot and creams a punch drive through extra cover for four. He is not looking for extravagant shots, all timing. Too short;
34.6;4;Hazlewood to Warrican, FOUR runs outside edge but right in the gap between third slip and gully. Good length outside off and Warrican goes for a punch but the ball splices off the edge and to the boundary;
34.5;2;Hazlewood to Warrican, 2 runs overpitched on middle, driven to wide mid-on for a couple. Good stroke, nice timing too.;
34.4;W;Hazlewood to Taylor, OUT he is gone this time! Tries a similar shot but can only spoon it to mid-off. Dragged back a touch and the shot is a lot harder to play, he goes through with it anyway and can only lob it up to Pattinson who takes an overhead catch.;Jerome Taylor c Pattinson b Hazlewood 12 (18m 8b 2x4 0x6) SR: 150;
34.3;4;Hazlewood to Taylor, FOUR runs oh, lovely! Straight bat and smashed back over the bowler's head. Full delivery on middle but a very good cricketing shot.;
34.2;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run 132 kph, another well-directed bouncer, short ball on middle and leg, Taylor is hustled as he tries to pull but the ball takes off and Taylor slips over as he is late on his pull;
34.1;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run 132.4 kph, good length on off, Taylor has one foot cleared, all stumps exposed but he defends;
33.6;?;Marsh to Brathwaite, no run fullish on off, spits up but Brathwaite pats it back;
33.5;?;Marsh to Brathwaite, no run good length on off, tight lines, nagging lines. Blocked;
33.4;?;Marsh to Brathwaite, no run full on off, KB looks to go after that and ends up squirting one to midwicket;
33.3;2;Marsh to Brathwaite, 2 runs another sarcastic cheer goes up as NCN hauls this one in. Too full outside off and Brathwaite drives past cover, nice timing.;
33.2;?;Marsh to Brathwaite, no run driven to mid-off, NCN fields and gets a cheer from the crowd;
33.1;1;Marsh to Taylor, 1 run dropped by nathan Coulter-Nile. Full delivery on off, Taylor goes for an uppish drive but hits it towards mid-off where NCN dives unnecessarily and spills it. He made it look harder than it was, but a good effort;
32.6;3;Hazlewood to Taylor, 3 runs goes after it, fuller outside off, Taylor muscles a drive through cover with bad timing. The mid-off fielder strolls to the ball and allows the third run, Taylor will keep the strike;
32.5;4;Hazlewood to Taylor, FOUR runs not at all in control. Good length down leg, Taylor was anticipating a short delivery but somehow helps this to the fine leg boundary. Kept his eyes on it though;
32.4;1;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, 1 run back of a length on middle, nurdled through midwicket for one;
32.3;?;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, no run good length on off, properly behind the line to defend;
32.2;?;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, no run full length on off, steered towards gully with discernible use of the wrists;
32.1;?;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, no run short outside off, Brathwaite exhibits good technique, sways out of the line and keeps his hands down;
31.6;3;Siddle to Brathwaite, 3 runs finds the gap through cover and Brathwaite will keep strike, good length delivery outside off, which is punched past cover. The ball stops because of the wet outfield and they get three;
31.5;?;Siddle to Brathwaite, no run fuller than a good length outside off, driven to mid-off;
31.4;?;Siddle to Brathwaite, no run full again on off, too full and Brathwaite pushes to mid-on;
31.3;?;Siddle to Brathwaite, no run fullish on off, defended;
31.2;4;Siddle to Brathwaite, FOUR runs and again, poor bowling. Short and wide, Brathwaite plays it late, another square cut this one finer but the result the same, through gully;
31.1;4;Siddle to Brathwaite, FOUR runs thwack, what a shot. Short and wide, Brathwaite throws his hands at it and connects beautifully, a powerful square cut goes past point and races to the boundary;
30.6;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run 135 kph, full on off, coming back in, enough seam movement but Taylor drives nicely to short mid-off;
30.5;W;Hazlewood to Roach, OUT Roach's misery ends. Short delivery on leg, he goes inside the line and looks to pull. He kept his eyes on it longer but the ball hurries onto him and he can only glove one to Nevill. Good bowling from the quicks, worked him over and I reckon that will be a popular tactic for the rest of the series;Kemar Roach c ?Nevill b Hazlewood 3 (40m 27b 0x4 0x6) SR: 11.11;
30.4;?;Hazlewood to Roach, no run spits off a good length, lots happening out there. Roach may have played a bit early and the ball hoits the splice and lobs up towards midwicket;
30.3;?;Hazlewood to Roach, no run behind the line of that to defend;
30.2;?;Hazlewood to Roach, no run very uncomfortable for Roach, Brathwaite comes down and has a word with him. back of a length delivery outside off, Roach ducks into it without looking at the ball, luckily, it was outside off and the ball misses everything;
30.1;?;Hazlewood to Roach, no run another beauty. Good length, outside off. Roach pokes at it but it seamed away after pitching, beaten;
29.6;?;Siddle to Brathwaite, no run good length but too wide outside off, left alone;
29.5;?;Siddle to Brathwaite, no run overly full outside off, hit down to mid-off;
29.4;?;Siddle to Brathwaite, no run full outside off, steered to point;
29.3;?;Siddle to Brathwaite, no run half-volley on off, driven powerfully to mid-off who makes a diving stop;
29.2;4;Siddle to Brathwaite, FOUR runs lovely stroke, that was very intentional. Full outside off and Brathwaite opens the face of the bat as he guides a cut through point for four. Very good shot;
29.1;?;Siddle to Brathwaite, no run too full outside off, pushed to cover where Lyon does well, makes a good diving stop. Saves some runs;
28.6;?;Hazlewood to Roach, no run solidly behind the full delivery to defend;
28.5;?;Hazlewood to Roach, no run massive appeal but that may have been off the arm guard? Good short delivery again, Roach is very uncomfortable and fends at it. Taken at leg gully and a massive appeal but not given, good call, it was off the forearm;
28.4;?;Hazlewood to Roach, no run back of a length delivery on middle, reckon that is a better length to him. Roach is uncomfortable and awkwardly keeps it out;
28.3;?;Hazlewood to Roach, no run too full now outside off, nicely driven to mid-off, good timing on that one;
28.2;?;Hazlewood to Roach, no run back of a length on middle, Roach inside-edges to short leg. Nicely behind the line, good defensive technique exhibited;
28.1;?;Hazlewood to Roach, no run fuller on off, a bit of shape back to Roach who pushes to cover;
27.6;?;Lyon to Brathwaite, no run fullish on off, KB pats this back up the pitch;
27.5;?;Lyon to Brathwaite, no run 85 kph, slow through the air, a bit of extra bounce too. KB blocks;
27.4;?;Lyon to Brathwaite, no run 86 kph, shorter on off, enough time for KB to go back and defend;
27.3;?;Lyon to Brathwaite, no run good length, Brathwaite goes back to defend;
27.2;?;Lyon to Brathwaite, no run floated up on off, defended watchfully;
27.1;4;Lyon to Brathwaite, FOUR runs lots of flight on off, overpitched in fact and Brathwaite forces a drive through the gap at cover, finds the boundary and raises his fifty. A very well-compiled half-century;
26.6;1lb;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, 1 leg bye straying down leg, poor delivery to end, the ball pings off the pad to fine leg and Brathwaite will keep strike;
26.5;1;Hazlewood to Roach, 1 run brute of a delivery. Roach somehow survives. Back of a length on off, the ball climbs steeply on him, Roach gets his hands high but the ball still climbs and he gloves to square leg;
26.4;?;Hazlewood to Roach, no run 136 kph, good length on off, defended by Roach off the front foot;
26.3;?;Hazlewood to Roach, no run honing in on that top of off line. Roach plays another solid block, right under his eyes;
26.2;?;Hazlewood to Roach, no run shorter delivery on off, Roach defends again nicely back up the pitch;
26.1;?;Hazlewood to Roach, no run good length on off, shaping back in, Roach gets solidly behind the line of that;
25.6;?;Lyon to Brathwaite, no run turned to square leg;
25.5;2;Lyon to Brathwaite, 2 runs beautiful hands, shorter delivery on off, Brathwaite opens the face quite late and late cuts towards third man for a couple. Smith chases it down gingerly;
25.4;?;Lyon to Brathwaite, no run a tad fuller on off, Brathwaite goes back to block;
25.3;?;Lyon to Brathwaite, no run shorter on middle, turned to square leg;
25.2;6;Lyon to Brathwaite, SIX runs beautiful shot, gets to the pitch of the ball and flicks this ball over midwicket for six. just clears the boundary, but good timing. Did not look like he wanted to hit that for six. Well played;
25.1;?;Lyon to Brathwaite, no run tossed up on off, Brathwaite is forward to defend;
24.6;2;Pattinson to Roach, 2 runs no feet movement and he hits it uppishly in the gap at cover, full delivery outside off, looking for the edge after peppering him with bouncers. Roach's feet are nowhere and he ends up timing an uppish drive for two;
24.5;3;Pattinson to Brathwaite, 3 runs another outside edge past gully, played again with soft hands. Full length delivery on off, Brathwaite guides it down. Marsh chases it down and keeps it in just in time;
24.4;2;Pattinson to Brathwaite, 2 runs back of a length delivery on middle, well played from Brathwaite, nudges this off his ribs towards backward square leg for a couple;
24.3;?;Pattinson to Brathwaite, no run aimed at middle on a full length, turned to midwicket;
24.2;?;Pattinson to Brathwaite, no run fuller length again outside off, driven to mid-off from the front foot;
24.1;?;Pattinson to Brathwaite, no run 138 kph, full on off, Brathwaite blocks off the front foot;
23.6;1;Lyon to Brathwaite, 1 run he'll keep strike, good shot. Short outside off, he goes right back and cuts towards extra cover for one;
23.5;?;Lyon to Brathwaite, no run flatter on off, defended from the back foot;
23.4;?;Lyon to Brathwaite, no run goes deep in the crease and cuts to point;
23.3;?;Lyon to Brathwaite, no run well adjusted from Brathwaite, he doesn't pick the length and wants to drive but the ball was much shorter, leaves watchfully;
23.2;?;Lyon to Brathwaite, no run tossed up outside off, driven to cover;
23.1;?;Lyon to Brathwaite, no run some flight outside off, Brathwaite defends well to cover., nice drift;
22.6;?;Pattinson to Roach, no run nice yorker on leg, kept out by Roach;
22.5;?;Pattinson to Roach, no run better from Roach, keeps his eyes on it and defends nicely;
22.4;?;Pattinson to Roach, no run jags back in to leg, Roach was ducking into that but the length was a lot fuller, he did not see that one after it pitched. Hits him on the thigh pad;
22.3;?;Pattinson to Roach, no run takes off from a good length again, Roach is playing forward but that one bounces and hits Roach on the bat handle, similar to the Samuels dismissal;
22.2;?;Pattinson to Roach, no run good bouncer, aimed at leg stump. Roach hurries under the bumper;
22.1;?;Pattinson to Roach, no run 138 kph, full outside off, driven to mid-off with no feet movement;
21.6;?;Lyon to Brathwaite, no run again, a nice length. Drawing Brathwaite forward who steers to gully. Good over but well played from Brathwaite;
21.5;?;Lyon to Brathwaite, no run well bowled, dragged his length back, brings Kb forward who defends off the front foot;
21.4;?;Lyon to Brathwaite, no run 87 kph, flatter outside off, he goes back and cuts to cover;
21.3;?;Lyon to Brathwaite, no run 86 kph, floated up on off, Brathwaite skips down the track and drives powerfully to mid-off;
21.2;?;Lyon to Brathwaite, no run tossed up on off, driven to cover;
21.1;4;Lyon to Brathwaite, FOUR runs good shot, very good execution as well. Lobbed up outside off, Brathwaite immediately comes down and launches him over mid-off for four;
20.6;?;Pattinson to Roach, no run aimed at middle, played out towards cover defensively;
20.6;1w;Pattinson to Roach, 1 wide 132 kph, too high. Short bouncer which is very wide outside off, roach ducks but that was way over his head. Easy call;
20.5;?;Pattinson to Roach, no run back of a length on off, pushed out towards cover, Roach wants one but is rightly sent back;
20.4;?;Pattinson to Roach, no run beaut! Pitches on off and shapes away, Roach is beaten;
20.3;?;Pattinson to Roach, no run walks right across onto off stump and Roach is struck on the thigh pad;
20.2;W;Pattinson to Holder, OUT down leg and given! What a way to go, very unlucky for Holder. Not a great delivery, strays down leg, Holder looks to clip and gets a thin inside edge down leg, Nevill collects and umpire Erasmus give sit out. Holder doesn't review again but this time, a bright mark on hotspot so the right decision from all parties. Pattinson has five in his comeback game, great effort this.;Jason Holder c ?Nevill b Pattinson 17 (40m 29b 1x4 0x6) SR: 58.62;
20.1;?;Pattinson to Holder, no run good length on off, 136 kph, good speeds. Defended from the crease;
19.6;2;Marsh to Brathwaite, 2 runs back of a length outside off, Brathwaite opens the face of the bat to guide past point for a couple;
19.5;?;Marsh to Brathwaite, no run very full on off, another solid block ensues;
19.4;?;Marsh to Brathwaite, no run full on middle, Brathwaite blocks off the front foot;
19.3;?;Marsh to Brathwaite, no run back of a length on off, Brathwaite gets behind nicely to block;
19.2;?;Marsh to Brathwaite, no run driven towards mid-off;
19.1;?;Marsh to Brathwaite, no run short and wide, left alone;
18.6;1;Siddle to Brathwaite, 1 run climbs up exaggeratedly and takes Brathwaite on the bat handle and then towards fine leg. Good length delivery there;
18.5;?;Siddle to Brathwaite, no run full on off, defended;
18.4;3;Siddle to Holder, 3 runs fullish on off, another outside edge is squirted through gully for another three. Similar delivery, played in a similar area. Soft hands and that meant it went straight down;
18.3;3;Siddle to Brathwaite, 3 runs 128 kph, off the outside edge and Voges will haul it in. Fuller length outside off, a thick outside edge rolls along the ground and through gully for three;
18.2;1;Siddle to Holder, 1 run 127 kph, full on off, Holder presses forward and inside-edges towards square leg for one;
18.1;?;Siddle to Holder, no run well bowled, full and straight, with a bit of inward movement. driven to mid-on with the angle;
17.6;?;Marsh to Brathwaite, no run good end, honing in on off at a full length. Brathwaite solidly behind the line of that;
17.5;?;Marsh to Brathwaite, no run 132 kph, full on off and middle, pushed back towards mid-on;
17.4;?;Marsh to Brathwaite, no run 136 kph, short outside off, seams away. Too wide and Brathwaite leaves;
17.3;1;Marsh to Holder, 1 run ooh, change up in pace, 138 kph, Holder skips down the track and Marsh varies his pace, effort ball on middle, Holder hurriedly flicks to fine leg;
17.2;?;Marsh to Holder, no run 129 kph, full on middle, Holder tucks to midwicket;
17.2;1nb;Marsh to Holder, (no ball) full on off, steered to point but Mitchell marsh has overstepped, another no ball. Too many we have seen in this Test;
17.1;?;Marsh to Holder, no run hmm, beats the outside edge but there wasn't much seam movement on that, he just played inside the line of that. Full outside off and Holder is beaten;
16.6;1;Siddle to Holder, 1 run 129.7 kph, full on off, squirted off the inside half of the bat towards mid-on for a good run;
16.5;?;Siddle to Holder, no run fuller on off, properly behind the line of that to defend;
16.4;4;Siddle to Holder, FOUR runs uppish but in the gap for four. Fullish length outside off, Holder goes for a drive but fails to keep ir down, just wide of short cover - Lyon. And it races to the boundary, exemplary timing on that;
16.3;?;Siddle to Holder, no run 125 kph, good length outside off, tight lines, pushed to point off the front foot;
16.2;?;Siddle to Holder, no run 124 kph, full length on off, defended to cover;
16.1;?;Siddle to Holder, no run that is a better length, full on middle, not overpitched, a bit of an appeal but a massive inside edge onto pad;
15.6;?;Marsh to Brathwaite, no run 131 kph, half-volley on off, driven back at the bowler;
15.5;2;Marsh to Brathwaite, 2 runs bad line yet gain, fullish on leg stump and Brathwaite this time picks Marsh off his pads towards square leg for two;
15.4;1;Marsh to Holder, 1 run good length on middle, Holder squeezes this towards midwicket for a run;
15.3;?;Marsh to Holder, no run good delivery, fuller than a good length on off, 126 kph. Defended under his eyes with a straight bat;
15.2;2;Marsh to Holder, 2 runs poor line, half-volley on leg and Holder clips this off his pads towards square leg for a couple;
15.1;?;Marsh to Holder, no run too full to start, on middle and driven easily to mid-off. Nice timing;
14.6;?;Siddle to Brathwaite, no run;
14.5;?;Siddle to Brathwaite, no run 127 kph, good length outside off, wider outside off. Brathwaite pulls his bat out of the line quite late;
14.4;?;Siddle to Brathwaite, no run full on off, 128 kph, has not really hit the 130 kph mark too often, maybe because of the direction of the breeze?. Defended comfortably;
14.3;?;Siddle to Brathwaite, no run;
14.2;?;Siddle to Brathwaite, no run good delivery, full on middle. A bit of movement squares him up but Brathwaite defends well enough;
14.1;3;Siddle to Holder, 3 runs lovely stroke to get WI off after lunch, quality shot. Too full on middle and Holder leans into an on-drive through mid-on. Good running earns them three;
13.6;?;Marsh to Brathwaite, no run 127 kph, back of a length on off, Brathwaite defends off the back foot;
13.5;?;Marsh to Brathwaite, no run 130 kph, good length coming back towards off, pushed to mid-on;
13.4;?;Marsh to Brathwaite, no run 125 kph, good length outside off, Brathwaite defends;
13.3;?;Marsh to Brathwaite, no run 129 kph, fuller outside off, not much movement and Brathwaite guides this to third slip, keeps it down;
13.2;?;Marsh to Brathwaite, no run better delivery, fullish on off and middle, squirted to square leg;
13.1;4;Marsh to Brathwaite, FOUR runs short and wide, deserved to be punished and it is. Brathwaite cuts well in front of point for four. Rode the bounce well there;
12.6;?;Siddle to Holder, no run 130 kph, good length outside off, coming back in but Holder strides forward and leaves well. Did not need to play at that and didn't;
12.5;?;Siddle to Holder, no run 124 kph, fuller on off, shaping back in, defended;
12.4;?;Siddle to Holder, no run wider outside off, left alone comfortably;
12.3;?;Siddle to Holder, no run 126 kph, good length outside off, keeps his steer to gully down;
12.2;?;Siddle to Holder, no run that is just a good delivery, not a lot Holder could do but he played it well, pushed with soft hands. Full on off, moving away late and guides to gully;
12.1;?;Siddle to Holder, no run nice stroke from Holder, gets forward to a full length delivery and drives to mid-off;
11.6;?;Marsh to Brathwaite, no run fuller on off, pushed to cover;
11.5;?;Marsh to Brathwaite, no run 129 kph, good length on off, quelled to leg. Brathwaite has shown good resolve. Holder is known for that as well.;
11.4;1;Marsh to Holder, 1 run nicely bowled, this one shapes back in from a full length. Holder is forward to this and gets a thick inside edge towards square leg for one;
11.3;?;Marsh to Holder, no run full on off, Holder lunges forward to defend;
11.2;?;Marsh to Holder, no run beauty. pitches on off and angles away just enough to beat the outside edge of Holder. Wonderful delivery;
11.1;W;Marsh to Ramdin, OUT that counterattacking idea has resulted in Ramdin's dismissal. Too full outside off, but he gets a bit of shape away from the batsman, Ramdin goes for a full-blooded drive and gets a thick outside edge which flies to Warner at gully. Australia are ecstatic, Ramdin trudges off;Denesh Ramdin c Warner b Marsh 4 (16m 11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 36.36;
10.6;?;Siddle to Brathwaite, no run that was very close. Smith goes for the review. Umpire Erasmus' on-field call is not out. Pitched on a full length on off, the ball sneaks back in with a bit of inswing and strikes Brathwaite on the pad. Nothing on hotspot so no bat. Wickets are umpire's call. Phew, that was close. WI need a bit of luck and they get it. Hit him right in front of middle but a bit of swing and some bounce ensures that the ball is only clipping leg stump;
10.5;?;Siddle to Brathwaite, no run 130 kph, full on middle, driven comfortably to mid-on;
10.4;?;Siddle to Brathwaite, no run 125 kph, good length outside off, too wide to draw Brathwaite into a shot;
10.3;?;Siddle to Brathwaite, no run full on off, too full there. Easily defended by KB;
10.2;?;Siddle to Brathwaite, no run fullish length on off, Brathwaite defends comfortably;
10.1;3;Siddle to Ramdin, 3 runs better stroke from ramdin, gets close to the pitch and drives nicely through cover. That forward movement helped him get close, and good running too, gets them three;
9.6;?;Pattinson to Brathwaite, no run drifts way down leg, Nevill collects;
9.5;1;Pattinson to Ramdin, 1 run uppish drive. Full outside off, Ramdin comes forward and then drives towards cover for one. Ramdin looks likes he is intent on counterattacking;
9.4;?;Pattinson to Ramdin, no run lovely delivery, banged in on a back of a length outside off, Ramdin plays inside the line and lets it go. Really bounced that;
9.3;?;Pattinson to Ramdin, no run 140 kph, full on middle, Ramdin drives towards mid-on with the angle created by a bit of inswing;
9.2;?;Pattinson to Ramdin, no run nice change in length, goes short on leg, Ramdin easily gets under that;
9.1;1;Pattinson to Brathwaite, 1 run well played by Brathwaite, pushes towards point for one. Fullish on off, not much movement but KB played that with soft hands;
8.6;?;Hazlewood to Ramdin, no run nicely played, full outside off. A good forward movement is followed by a nice push to mid-off;
8.5;?;Hazlewood to Ramdin, no run 133 kph, shortish length outside off, Ramdin rides the bounce well and guides to point;
8.4;?;Hazlewood to Ramdin, no run a tad too high. Back of a length on off, the ball tails back in late yet again and strikes Ramdin on the pad, but too high.;
8.3;?;Hazlewood to Ramdin, no run 132 kph, attacking those stumps, full on off, Ramdin pushes to mid-on;
8.2;?;Hazlewood to Ramdin, no run positive forward movement from Ramdin. Good length outside off, Ramdin leaves confidently;
8.1;1;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, 1 run late movement, lots happening here under cloudy skies. Full on off, the ball shapes back in late and gets a thick inside edge to fine leg;
7.6;W;Pattinson to Blackwood, OUT bowled im. Blackwood is gone, a pair for Blackwood. That one did not bounce as much as Blackwood thought that would. He stayed back to a good length delivery, and in fact, was hopping but the ball keeps low and sneaks through to hit off stump. WI inall sorts of trouble now. He is on a hat-trick as well;Jermaine Blackwood b Pattinson 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
7.5;W;Pattinson to Samuels, OUT gone, Pattinson is one fire. Not sure what Samuels could have done about that though. Fuller than a good length on off, the ball rises off that length and takes the bat handle. The ball lobs to Warner who completes an easy catch. Bending his back a lot more is Pattinson, which may have yielded some extra bounce. Nonetheless, Aus on fire. WI sink further.;Marlon Samuels c Warner b Pattinson 3 (8m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
7.4;2;Pattinson to Samuels, 2 runs aimed at those pads, full and tailing back in towards leg, he clips this easily towards fine leg for a couple;
7.3;?;Pattinson to Samuels, no run certainly one he should have come forward to, full outside off, Samuels plays from the crease and guides to point;
7.2;?;Pattinson to Samuels, no run that one is a good length on off, defended off the back foot again. Looks comfortable there;
7.1;?;Pattinson to Samuels, no run good length at 139 kph on off, Samuels goes back and defends comfortably;
6.6;?;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, no run this one shapes back in prodigiously. Very good bowling, pitched outside off and getting KB to play but the ball goes through a gap between bat and pad;
6.5;?;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, no run beauty. Really good delivery. Great length too, just where batsmen don't want it. Brathwaite is undecided of whether to come forward, eventually plays from the crease and the ball shapes away to square him up and hit him high on the thigh pad;
6.4;1;Hazlewood to Samuels, 1 run 130 kph, fuller than a good length outside off, Samuels goes deep in the crease and guides one to third slip who saves three runs;
6.3;1;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, 1 run another good-looking stroke, he lunges forward and then drives to mid-off who fumbles while diving, nice straight bat presented;
6.2;?;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, no run better from Brathwaite, nice, big stride forward and leaves a wide-ish delivery alone;
6.1;?;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, no run fuller length outside off, properly defended from the crease;
5.6;W;Pattinson to Bravo, OUT those feet are not to the pitch and that may have resulted in his dismissal now. They check for a no ball, but he is fine. Fullish on off again, the shot was there to play but he doesn't get close enough to the ball, goes through with an expansive drive from the crease and gets a thick inside edge onto the stumps. The form-batsman has to go.;Darren Bravo b Pattinson 4 (19m 13b 1x4 0x6) SR: 30.76;
5.5;4;Pattinson to Bravo, FOUR runs too much width and Bravo takes full toll, he is used to the bounce of the wicket, gets over it and flat-bats a cut through the vacant cover region. Quality stroke;
5.4;?;Pattinson to Bravo, no run 137 kph, banged in on a shorter length on off, Bravo goes deep in his crease and keeps his block down. Well played;
5.3;?;Pattinson to Bravo, no run 137 kph, fuller than a good length outside off, punched to mid-off from the back foot;
5.2;?;Pattinson to Bravo, no run fullish and wide, well left. Good delivery too, shaping away;
5.1;?;Pattinson to Bravo, no run good length outside off, the ball rises by the time it reaches Bravo who gets over the bounce and keeps his cut down towards point;
4.6;?;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, no run 134 kph, full outside off, too wide and Brathwaite does not need to play at that;
4.5;?;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, no run 128 kph, very solid from Brathwaite but his feet are not moving as well. Full again outside off, pushed to mid-off;
4.4;?;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, no run closer to off stump, fuller length, Brathwaite defends towards mid-off;
4.3;?;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, no run 134 kph, fullish outside off, Brathwaite leaves. Too wide from Hazlewood on that occasion;
4.2;?;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, no run nice change in length, good short bouncer on middle. Good technique from the batsman too, sways out of the line and keeps his hands down;
4.1;?;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, no run 133 kph, full on off. A hint of away shape but Brathwaite defends;
3.6;?;Pattinson to Bravo, no run aah, hits the deck hard. Back of a length on off, the ball seems to be rising as he plays it, Bravo keeps it by his feet though, well adjusted;
3.5;?;Pattinson to Bravo, no run delectable stroke again, but his feet are not quite to the pitch of the delivery. He drives nicely with a straight bat towards mid-off who makes a good diving stop. Nathan Coulter-Nile, the fielder;
3.5;1nb;Pattinson to Bravo, (no ball) Pattinson has overstepped again, full and wide, left alone;
3.4;1;Pattinson to Brathwaite, 1 run good short delivery on middle, Brathwaite plays it well too. Deflected towards fine leg;
3.3;4;Pattinson to Brathwaite, FOUR runs oh, lovely stroke. A good forward stride to the pitch of the ball, waits for the ball to come to him and then punchily drives through cover for four;
3.2;?;Pattinson to Brathwaite, no run strays down leg again, an ODI wide;
3.1;4;Pattinson to Brathwaite, FOUR runs a false shot that. But the shot was there to play. Short and wide, Brathwaite goes for the cut but fails to keep it down or go over. He finds the gap behind point for a boundary. Good positive mindset;
3.1;1nb;Pattinson to Brathwaite, (no ball) 142 kph, lovely length. And that is a pretty goo leave too. Very similar delivery to the Chandrika dismissal. Good length outside off, not enough shape back in and Brathwaite leaves. Pattinson has overstepped though;
2.6;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run full outside off, too wide in fact and Bravo does not need to play;
2.5;1;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, 1 run full outside off, 132 kph. That is what you need from an opener, pushed with soft hands towards cover for a quick single;
2.4;?;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, no run nice delivery, fullish on off, tailing back in towards off and middle. Kept out with a block;
2.3;?;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, no run too straight again, Brathwaite misses a run-scoring opportunity. Full on leg, strikes Brathwaite on the pad and then an optimistic appeal follows;
2.2;?;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, no run back of a length on off, shaping back in towards off. Played nicely towards square leg, got on top of the bounce well;
2.1;2;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, 2 runs too straight from Hazlewood, whipped into the gap at midwicket for a couple;
1.6;?;Pattinson to Bravo, no run 142 kph, generating good pace. Good length on off, Bravo goes back and solidly gets behind it;
1.5;?;Pattinson to Bravo, no run fullish outside off, too wide to draw Bravo into playing, left alone by Bravo;
1.4;?;Pattinson to Bravo, no run straying down leg now, Bravo misses his clip.;
1.3;W;Pattinson to Chandrika, OUT Pattinson gets his first. Just what he needed. Just enough movement away from the batsman, excellent stuff. Full again outside off, the ball holds its shape and gets a thick outside edge. Smith takes a good, low diving catch. WI lose one;Rajendra Chandrika c Smith b Pattinson 0 (7m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
1.2;?;Pattinson to Chandrika, no run good areas but not much movement for Patto. Full again on off, Chandrika comes forward positively to defend;
1.1;?;Pattinson to Chandrika, no run starts in a decent area, full on off, pushed to mid-on with the angle.;
0.6;?;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, no run good length outside off, straightening but not outswing. Played towards point from the crease, again Brathwaite's feet neither forward nor back.;
0.5;?;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, no run 132 kph, too wide outside off again, Brathwaite chooses to leave yet again;
0.4;2;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, 2 runs tucked off his pads for a couple. Good length but too straight - on middle and leg;
0.3;?;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, no run really good stuff from JH. Fullish on off, swinging away, just enough movement actually. Played defensively;
0.2;?;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, no run 129 kph, nice away shape now, pitches on a good length outside off, Brathwaite thinks of playing before withdrawing his bat;
0.1;?;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, no run good start, yorker on off. Kept out by Brathwaite;

11.10am Umpires take the field again and so do the Australian fielders. Brathwaite and Chandrika will open. Brathwaite on strike. Three slips, a gully and a short leg in place. Hazlewood has the ball once again.
Tucky: "Disappointed to see Bravo as the man out. Streaky at times, but punishing at others in a vital innings to give the Windies some semblance of a score. Well done."
jeremy from mel: "would it make sense for Bravo to open? :)"
 Innings Start
Australia
West Indies
1st Test, Hobart, Dec 10 - 12 2015, West Indies tour of Australia
583/4d
(f/o) 223 &
Player of the match is Adam Voges, AUS
Australia won by an innings and 212 runs
