Data
End of innings: Australia have posted a strong testing total for West Indies and it's now upto Gayle and Co on how they react to the situation. Watson and Hughes have set up the template. Watson scored and effortless hundred, while Hughes, although slow at start, was solid at the other end and missed out on a ton. Some late hitting took Australia comfortably over the 300-run mark, but then there were those Kieron Pollard catches towards the end that prevented another 10-15 runs, maybe more. We will be back with WI's reply soon.
Jason: "I must admit coming into this game I was confused about Pollard's place in the team. However, after this innings he clearly justifies his place on his fielding alone!"
foxhat: "Well double the 30 over mark (161) but no 10 runs off for the loss of each wicket. Richie's formula misses by 60 runs!"
mfst: "@foxhat. Incorrect. I believe the formula takes into account the number of wickets that have fallen at the 30 over mark and not at the end of the innings. One down so minus 10 runs. 161 * 2 - 10 = 312. Richie wins again."
Richieboy: "Richie always wins. Doubters, give yourself an uppercut and go straight to bed."
Suraj: "So Richie says, if a team is 200/9 after 30 overs, then they will score 400-90=310runs overall???"



49.6;2;Bravo to Johnson, 2 runs length ball on off stump, it's in the batsman's swing and he smashes it down to long-on and makes it two runs comfortably;
49.5;2;Bravo to Johnson, 2 runs makes room by moving on the leg side and tried to chip the full, slow delivery over off, but gets a leading edge to the leg side. there is no one around midwicket, so they come back for two;
49.4;4;Bravo to Johnson, FOUR runs slower ball on the middle stump, this time Mitchell Johnson gets some bat on it as he goes down to play the paddle shot. Boundary to fine leg;
49.3;?;Bravo to Johnson, no run this time it's a quicker delivery outside off, short of length, Mitchell goes for the pull but makes no contact;
49.2;?;Bravo to Johnson, no run slower full toss and the batsman completely loses it, he swings his bat and makes no contact;
49.1;W;Bravo to Faulkner, OUT he backs away to the leg side, gives it a mighty heave but he is nowhere near the ball. It is a straight one which goes right through him and hits the leg stump;James Faulkner b Bravo 2 (2m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
48.6;1;Narine to Faulkner, 1 run big offspinner, the batsman sweeps it with the turn straight to deep backward square leg;
48.5;1;Narine to Wade, 1 run cut straight to point of a flatter delivery, they call for a quick one;
48.4;1;Narine to Faulkner, 1 run it is on the middle stump line and it is tucked to short-fine, the batsmen take another quick run;
48.3;1;Narine to Wade, 1 run top-edge as the batsman goes for a sweep from one outside off, the ball falls behind the keeper's head;
48.2;W;Narine to Bailey, OUT caught at deep midwicket! And another catch by Pollard. Another well-timed leap at the boundary. Bailey charged out of the crease and Narine pulled his length back, but the batsman goes for the pull anyway and gets a lot of bat on it. But no one is surprised as Polly pulls off another stunner;George Bailey c Pollard b Narine 44 (36m 22b 6x4 1x6) SR: 200;
48.1;1;Narine to Wade, 1 run he cuts straight to point, but the batsmen take the single anyway, easily;
43.6;?;Sammy to Bailey, no run slower delivery on off stump, pushed back to the bowler;
43.5;1;Sammy to Hughes, 1 run comes forward and drives it to deep cover for a single;
43.4;?;Sammy to Hughes, no run misses out as he goes for a square drive to a delivery wide outside off, but gets beaten by the slowness;
43.3;1;Sammy to Bailey, 1 run makes room and cracks the short of length delivery to deep cover;
43.2;1;Sammy to Hughes, 1 run fuller delivery, slower too, driven down the ground to long-off;
43.1;4;Sammy to Hughes, FOUR runs slower delivery wide of off, he stays in the crease and drives it through point, picks up the spot to perfection;
42.6;4;Pollard to Bailey, FOUR runs on the pads, and it is flicked past short fine leg for a boundary;
42.5;?;Pollard to Bailey, no run slower delivery outside off, pushed to point off the front foot;
42.4;1;Pollard to Hughes, 1 run length ball on off stump, he stays in the crease and pushes it down to long-off;
42.3;1;Pollard to Bailey, 1 run slower delivery on off stump, pushed to cover off the back foot;
42.2;1;Pollard to Hughes, 1 run fuller length on off stump, driven down to long-on for a single;
42.1;4;Pollard to Hughes, FOUR runs short and wide outside off, it's cut hard through backward point;
47.6;2;Roach to Bailey, 2 runs it is pushed hard to wide long-on and the batsmen come back for the second;
47.5;4;Roach to Bailey, FOUR runs he moves outside the off stump to play the lap shot, but it's a low full toss on the middle stump, he gets a leading edge to it and it flies through where the first slip stands;
47.4;1;Roach to Wade, 1 run full delivery outside off, it's slashed to deep cover as the batsman takes his front foot out of the way;
47.3;1;Roach to Bailey, 1 run that's more like it, it's a quick yorker which is squeezed out to point for a single;
47.2;4;Roach to Bailey, FOUR runs short ball, it's slower too, but the batsman who has made some room, manages to get under it and slam it over cover for another one..;
47.1;4;Roach to Bailey, FOUR runs gets a short ball and he swivels around to slap that to the deep backward square leg boundary;
46.6;?;Narine to Wade, no run that was the other one, but it didn't come back enough into the left-hander;
46.5;1;Narine to Bailey, 1 run flatter delivery on the middle, tucked away past short fine leg for a single;
46.4;W;Narine to Maxwell, OUT caught at deep square leg! Excellente catch!! Wow! Pollard flies in from nowhere and plucks a sure shot six with one hand. It was slog swept very hard and it was going flat and fast towards the boundary. But Pollard times his leap superbly and sticks his hand out, when he comes down, he's got the ball in his hand.. super catch..unbelievable..;Glenn Maxwell c Pollard b Narine 4 (6m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 133.33;
46.3;1;Narine to Bailey, 1 run moves way down the leg side, the ball follows him, and he manages to push it to long-on;
46.2;6;Narine to Bailey, SIX runs ooh la la! not a good time to toss it up. Bailey sees it early enough and blasts it over deep square leg for a huge six;
46.1;4;Narine to Bailey, FOUR runs here comes the reverse sweep, and he finds the gap at point to perfection;
41.6;2;Narine to Bailey, 2 runs full and on the middle, it is turned past square leg with soft hands and they scurry back for a couple;
41.5;1;Narine to Hughes, 1 run fuller delivery on off, it's swept hard and in the air, but falls short of the deep square leg fielder;
41.4;?;Narine to Hughes, no run beats him with a ball that turns and bounces wide outside off;
41.3;4;Narine to Hughes, FOUR runs tossed up outside off and Hughes gives it a good slog-swept thwack to deep midwicket boundary;
41.2;1;Narine to Bailey, 1 run punched to long-off off the back foot for a single;
41.1;2;Narine to Bailey, 2 runs flatter delivery outside off, a touch short, the batsman goes back and runs it to backward point;
40.6;?;Pollard to Hughes, no run slower ball on the middle stump line, pushed to cover;
40.5;1;Pollard to Bailey, 1 run length ball on the middle stump line, pushed to long-on for a single;
40.4;W;Pollard to Clarke, OUT oh how well is that done! Good juggling act. Ok, so it was a low full-toss outside off, Clarke went for a heave back straight back towards the bowler but gets a toe-end to that shot. Polly jumps up assuming the ball is coming at super sonic speeds towards him, but it was a mistimed shot, comes much slower. Polly gets a palm to it and luckily for him, it falls forward and he completes a good catch;Michael Clarke c & b Pollard 15 (34m 19b 1x4 0x6) SR: 78.94;
40.3;?;Pollard to Clarke, no run short of length slower ball, Clarke goes for the pull but inside edges the ball to the box. He goes down on his haunches for a while.. He needs air. He is ok now;
40.2;?;Pollard to Clarke, no run fuller delivery outside off, driven hard, but Polly bends down to make a good stop;
40.1;2;Pollard to Clarke, 2 runs driven in the air to wide long-on of a pitched up delivery on off, they take a couple easily;
39.6;?;Narine to Hughes, no run fuller and quicker on off, Hughes is late on it and ends up pushing it back to the bowler;
39.5;?;Narine to Hughes, no run flighted outside off, turns away, it's cut straight to point;
39.4;?;Narine to Hughes, no run beaten outside off with a quicker one as Hughes goes for a cut;
39.3;?;Narine to Hughes, no run flighted outside off, Hughes square drives, but straight to point;
39.2;1;Narine to Clarke, 1 run pushed through on the middle stump line, tucked away to deep square leg;
39.1;1;Narine to Hughes, 1 run quicker delivery outside off, turns away a bit, but Hughes flat bats it towards long-on;
39.1;1w;Narine to Hughes, 1 wide bowls it very wide outside off;
38.6;2;Pollard to Clarke, 2 runs length ball on off stump, Clarke whips it to deep midwicket and calls for another couple;
38.5;1;Pollard to Hughes, 1 run slower and fuller outside off, driven down to long-off for a single;
38.4;2;Pollard to Hughes, 2 runs length ball on the middle stump, pushed to deep midwicket with soft hands and they are back for a couple;
38.3;1;Pollard to Clarke, 1 run comes down the track and chips it down the long on;
38.2;1;Pollard to Hughes, 1 run short of length outside off, chopped to short third-man for a single;
38.1;?;Pollard to Hughes, no run full delivery outside off, Hughes drives, but straight to cover;
37.6;1;Russell to Hughes, 1 run makes room and drives the length delivery outside off to long-off;
37.5;6;Russell to Hughes, SIX runs and here comes the big shot, length ball on the middle, he gives it mighty thwack and sends it soaring over deep midwicket boundary into the crowd;
37.4;?;Russell to Hughes, no run short of length ball on off stump, Hughes tries to pull it, but gets it as far as midwicket;
37.3;1;Russell to Clarke, 1 run short of length delivery on off stump, it is turned towards midwicket off the front foot for a single;
37.2;1;Russell to Hughes, 1 run short of length ball, it's squeezed to deep point off the back foot and Hughes, after all that concern from our feedbackers, makes it to his half-century. [Applause];
37.1;1;Russell to Clarke, 1 run drives it on the up to deep cover for a single;
36.6;?;Pollard to Hughes, no run length ball angling across the batsman, cut straight to point;
36.5;1;Pollard to Clarke, 1 run length ball wide outside off, driven on the up to mid-off;
36.4;?;Pollard to Clarke, no run Clarke sees length and goes across the line straight away, but it was a slower delivery and he completely misses it. gets hit infront of off stump (maybe). The umpire says not out but Pollard calls for the review immediately. The only thing that could have saved Clarke was an inside edge. DRS says the batsman is hit just outside the line and so the decision stays..Reprieve for Clarke, but that was a bad shot;
36.3;?;Pollard to Clarke, no run back of length delivery on off stump, a leading edge almost carries to to mid-on;
36.2;4;Pollard to Clarke, FOUR runs one bounce, two bounce, four, straight over the bowler's head. It was a full delivery and Clarke just went with the swing;
36.1;1;Pollard to Hughes, 1 run length ball on off stump, he comes to the front foot and eases it through cover for a single;
35.6;1;Russell to Hughes, 1 run length ball on off stump, run down to third man for another single;
35.5;1;Russell to Clarke, 1 run crashes the length ball outside off, straight back towards the bowlers, or it looks that way, but then he didn't time it that well and it goes only as far as mid-on;
35.4;?;Russell to Clarke, no run length delivery on off stump, the batsman comes forward and drives it to mid-on, on the up;
35.3;1;Russell to Hughes, 1 run short of length outside off, the batsman stays on the back foot and opens the face to run it down to third-man;
35.2;4;Russell to Hughes, FOUR runs down the leg side and Hughes gets some bat on it, just enough to beat the short fine fielder and it runs away to the boundary;
35.1;?;Russell to Hughes, no run turns the length ball on the middle stump straight to short fine leg;
34.6;?;Pollard to Clarke, no run slower delivery on the middle and leg, hits the pads as the batsman is unable to get it away;
34.5;1;Pollard to Hughes, 1 run a touch fuller on off stump, whipped through midwicket for a single;
34.4;?;Pollard to Hughes, no run slower length delivery on middle stump, defended towards leg and Clarke is sent back in time as Polly gets there to the ball with two giant leaps;
34.3;1;Pollard to Clarke, 1 run back of length on the off stump, Clarke pushes it towards square leg and calls for a quick single;
34.2;?;Pollard to Clarke, no run slightly slower on off stump, defended towards the leg side by the batsman;
34.1;?;Pollard to Clarke, no run length ball wide outside off, driven on the up to cover;
33.6;4;Roach to Hughes, FOUR runs back of length on the middle and leg, Hughes glances it fine past the short fine leg for another boundary;
33.5;W;Roach to Watson, OUT caught at deep backward square leg! He wasn't really going to stop after his hundred. It was a short and fast delivery on the body, Watson goes for a hook shot but it goes straight to Pollard at the boundary..;Shane Watson c Pollard b Roach 122 (138m 111b 12x4 2x6) SR: 109.9;
33.4;2;Roach to Watson, 2 runs short and slow, he has to wait for it, but he pulls it down to deep square leg where Pollard makes a good diving stop;
33.3;4;Roach to Watson, FOUR runs fuller on off, he doesn't get a lot behind it, but it is enough to take it to the straight boundary after a couple of bounces;
33.2;6;Roach to Watson, SIX runs long long long way this one has gone! He has switches gears now. Length delivery on off stump and he swings it over long on easily;
33.1;1;Roach to Hughes, 1 run on the middle stump line, whipped to deep square leg off the back foot;
32.6;1;Gayle to Hughes, 1 run flighted on the pads, driven down to long-on easily;
32.5;4;Gayle to Hughes, FOUR runs he gets a short and wide delivery outside off, this time he puts it in the gap at point and gets a boundary;
32.4;1;Gayle to Watson, 1 run swings his bat again, but ends up driving it to long-on;
32.3;?;Gayle to Watson, no run it is slow on the middle, he shapes to play aggressively but defends it the end;
32.2;6;Gayle to Watson, SIX runs gets his 100th six, the pace helped a bit and he picked it over deep midwicket with his favourite slog sweep;
32.1;2;Gayle to Watson, 2 runs the bigger boundary at deep midwicket keeps the ball in. He waited for the slow ball and slammed it deep, but the fielder got to it easily;
31.6;4;Roach to Hughes, FOUR runs ugly ugly, it goes through the fielder at cover point. Pollard it is. It was driven on the up straight to him and it runs away to the boundary;
31.5;1;Roach to Watson, 1 run back of length outside off, steered down to third-man for a single;
31.4;2;Roach to Watson, 2 runs length delivery on the pads, it's turned down to deep backward square leg. Welcome back Shane Watson...Hundred no. 7 for him;
31.3;1;Roach to Hughes, 1 run turns the delivery on the middle stump to wide long-on with a wristy push;
31.2;?;Roach to Hughes, no run full delivery on off stump, crashed off the front foot, but straight to cover;
31.1;1;Roach to Watson, 1 run back of length outside off, the batsman stays back and steers it down to third man;
30.6;?;Gayle to Hughes, no run full and tossed up outside off, he comes forward and drives, but straight to cover this time;
30.5;?;Gayle to Hughes, no run quicker outside off and Hughes fails to pierce the gap at point again;
30.5;1w;Gayle to Hughes, 1 wide quicker 100k delivery down the leg side, Thomas does well to get hands to it;
30.4;1;Gayle to Watson, 1 run takes a couple of steps down the crease and drives it to long-on;
30.3;1;Gayle to Hughes, 1 run flicked to deep square leg and there is hesitation for the second, the throw comes to the bowler at the wrong end..;
30.2;?;Gayle to Hughes, no run very slow, with some width outside off, Hughes cuts it but straight to point;
30.1;1;Gayle to Watson, 1 run flighted on the pads, he sweeps it in the air, but safely down to deep backward square leg;
29.6;1;Roach to Watson, 1 run short of length on off stump, he pushes it to wide mid-on off the front foot and takes the single to keep strike;
29.5;?;Roach to Watson, no run slower ball wide outside off, the batsman tries to drive it square, but ends up playing that straight to point;
29.4;?;Roach to Watson, no run length ball a touch outside off, Watson comes forward and pushes it to cover;
29.3;?;Roach to Watson, no run drives it well off a length ball, but it's hit straight to mid-off;
29.2;?;Roach to Watson, no run pushed to cover off the front foot off a length ball;
29.1;4;Roach to Watson, FOUR runs short of length on off stump, Watson cuts it hard to deep point. Narine runs around from third-man and he had enough time to pick it up, but he chooses to stick his foot out and fails horribly...;
28.6;1;Gayle to Watson, 1 run flighted on off, Watson comes down the crease and drives it down to long on;
28.5;1;Gayle to Hughes, 1 run quicker delivery on the pads, the batsmen take a single to Sammy at midwicket. He didn't pick it up clean. the keeper shrieks..;
28.4;1;Gayle to Watson, 1 run plays it with the turns to deep backward square leg;
28.3;?;Gayle to Watson, no run slower now, he comes down and sweeps it straight to short fine;
28.2;1;Gayle to Hughes, 1 run flatter and quicker on the off stump line, turned to square leg for a single;
28.1;1;Gayle to Watson, 1 run quicker delivery and Watson gets hurried in his sweep shot, still manages to play it towards deep square leg;
27.6;1;Bravo to Watson, 1 run length ball outside off, the batsman waits for it and runs it down to third man for a single;
27.5;?;Bravo to Watson, no run back of length delivery on off stump, defended to the leg side;
27.4;?;Bravo to Watson, no run attempts it again, but the bat rotates in his hand this time as the ball was slightly slower, it goes back to the bowler;
27.3;4;Bravo to Watson, FOUR runs super drive! gets a full and wide delivery and Watson doesn't believe in caressing the ball, he cracks it with some power through extra cover;
27.2;2;Bravo to Watson, 2 runs full delivery on the pads, it's flicked easily to deep backward square leg;
27.1;1;Bravo to Hughes, 1 run length ball on the pads, pushed away towards wide mid-on for a single;
26.6;?;Gayle to Watson, no run 76 ks, very slow, Watson comes forward and defends;
26.5;1;Gayle to Hughes, 1 run flicked to the leg side and Sammy at midwicket dives, but can't prevent the single;
26.4;?;Gayle to Hughes, no run now he defends it to midwicket off the front foot;
26.3;?;Gayle to Hughes, no run very slow and on off stump, the batsman comes forward and pushes it to point;
26.2;4;Gayle to Hughes, FOUR runs it is short and it is wide, any batsman is going to cut it past point and Hughes does the same;
26.1;1;Gayle to Watson, 1 run;
25.6;2;Bravo to Hughes, 2 runs short ball outside off, Hughes rolls his wrist as he plays that pull to deep midwicket;
25.5;1;Bravo to Watson, 1 run length ball, wide outside off, Watson is on the front foot and he crashes it straight to deep cover;
25.4;1;Bravo to Hughes, 1 run he moves outside off and turns the length ball to square leg for a single;
25.3;?;Bravo to Hughes, no run length ball on off stump, this time he stays in the crease and pushes it to cover;
25.2;4;Bravo to Hughes, FOUR runs pressure pressure..It was a length ball wide outside off, Hughes gives it an uncharacteristic swing, and it just drops over mid-on and rolls on to the boundary;
25.1;1;Bravo to Watson, 1 run length ball with a lot of width, cracked towards point, but Pollard gets a good hand to hit and parries that to deep cover;
24.6;1;Gayle to Watson, 1 run flatter delivery on the middle, Watson bends down and flat-bats it to deep backward square leg;
24.5;2;Gayle to Watson, 2 runs goes down on his knee premeditatedly and picks up the flighted delivery from around middle fine to the leg side;
24.4;2;Gayle to Watson, 2 runs and similar shot again, he played that softly and perfectly placed it in the gap around square leg;
24.3;2;Gayle to Watson, 2 runs allows the ball to spin in to him, and dabs it towards square leg with soft hands and takes a couple;
24.2;?;Gayle to Watson, no run slows it down with a flighted delivery on off stump, defended off the front foot;
24.1;?;Gayle to Watson, no run quicker delivery on the off stump, driven straight to midwicket;
23.6;1;Bravo to Watson, 1 run he stays in the crease and chops the length delivery outside off to third man for a single;
23.5;1;Bravo to Hughes, 1 run waits for the short of length delivery to come to him, then he opens the face to run it down to third man;
23.4;?;Bravo to Hughes, no run walks forward as he defends the length ball to the off side;
23.3;?;Bravo to Hughes, no run slower delivery, it's full on the off stump, Hughes whips a drive towards midwicket, but Sarwan cuts it with a dive;
23.2;?;Bravo to Hughes, no run length ball just outside off, the batsman stays in the crease and runs it to point;
23.1;?;Bravo to Hughes, no run back of length on off stump, the batsman goes on the back foot and defends it to leg side;
22.6;?;Narine to Watson, no run flatter delivery on the middle stump, he defends it to midwicket off the front foot;
22.5;3;Narine to Hughes, 3 runs dropped at slip. He didn't even get a hand to that. Hughes went back to a flatter delivery and tried to cut, the edge flew low to the right of Sammy, who was a touch late to go for that..;
22.4;?;Narine to Hughes, no run flighted around off stump, Hughes comes forward and pushes it to cover;
22.3;1;Narine to Watson, 1 run tossed up fuller to the batsman, Watson drives it down to long-on;
22.2;?;Narine to Watson, no run flighted delivery on off, defended towards the leg side off the front foot;
22.1;?;Narine to Watson, no run flatter delivery on middle stump, pushed to midwicket off the back foot;
21.6;?;Bravo to Hughes, no run back of length delivery, angling in from round the stumps, pushed to point off the back foot;
21.5;1;Bravo to Watson, 1 run slower delivery, 98 ks, Watson was going for the heave towards midwicket, but ends up dragging it towards deep square leg;
21.4;?;Bravo to Watson, no run length ball on off stump, Watson comes forward and punches it to cover;
21.3;1;Bravo to Hughes, 1 run it swings away from the batsman, but it's too wide, Hughes goes for the booming drive and hits it straight to deep cover;
21.2;?;Bravo to Hughes, no run length ball on off stump, pushed to mid-on off the front foot;
21.1;?;Bravo to Hughes, no run back of length outside off, played towards point off the back foot;
20.6;1;Narine to Hughes, 1 run works it to wide mid-on against the spin, he went back and used a lot of wrist in that shot;
20.5;1;Narine to Watson, 1 run flighted and full, it's on the middle and leg line and it's flicked away to deep square leg;
20.4;4;Narine to Watson, FOUR runs flatter delivery, Watson goes for a late cut but is not in control of that shot at all, it goes past the first slip and runs down to the boundary;
20.3;1;Narine to Hughes, 1 run he drives the flighted delivery outside off, in the air through cover;
20.2;1;Narine to Watson, 1 run slightly outside off and the batsman cuts it to the right of point for a single;
20.1;?;Narine to Watson, no run slightly shorter delivery and Watson is quick to pounce on that as he plays towards midwicket, but Pollard makes a good stop;
19.6;1;Bravo to Watson, 1 run pitched up a bit fuller, Watson is already on the front foot and plays the pick-up shot towards deep square leg, it goes to the fielder in the deep after one bounce;
19.5;?;Bravo to Watson, no run another inside edge as Watson tries to defend off the front foot, it goes past the leg stump towards the keeper;
19.4;1;Bravo to Hughes, 1 run a good shot for just a single. Hughes comes forward and drives the ball through off side, off the front foot, but there is a fielder in the deep;
19.3;?;Bravo to Hughes, no run comes forward and pushes the length ball outside off to mid-off;
19.2;?;Bravo to Hughes, no run inside edge as the batsman doesn't come forward to a length ball, he chops it on to his pads;
19.1;1;Bravo to Watson, 1 run full delivery, but it's on the pads and is easily flicked to deep square leg for a single;
18.6;?;Narine to Hughes, no run it is bowled flat and goes the other way after pitching, the batsman goes on the back foot and drops it close to the leg side, the keeper gets there quickly to prevent the single;
18.5;?;Narine to Hughes, no run slightly wider delivery, defended towards point off the front foot;
18.4;?;Narine to Hughes, no run comes to the front foot and defends to cover;
18.3;?;Narine to Hughes, no run he comes forward to defends but gets hit on the shoulder of the bat, it goes safely to the off side;
18.2;1;Narine to Watson, 1 run he stays in the crease and turns this down to deep backward square leg;
18.1;?;Narine to Watson, no run flatter delivery, turning in from outside off stump, pushed towards midwicket;
17.6;?;Sammy to Hughes, no run back of length on off, Hughes goes on the back foot and pushes it to cover point;
17.5;?;Sammy to Hughes, no run goes back to cut, but the length is not that short and he chops it on the off side;
17.4;?;Sammy to Hughes, no run keeps it tight round about the off stump line, defended off the back foot, back to the bowler;
17.3;?;Sammy to Hughes, no run stays on the back foot and cuts the short of length delivery from close to his body, straight to point;
17.2;?;Sammy to Hughes, no run length ball angling across the left-hander, Hughes comes forward and pushes it to cover;
17.1;1;Sammy to Watson, 1 run length ball on the middle stump line, tucked away to deep square leg off the front foot;
16.6;?;Narine to Hughes, no run pushed through on off stump, Hughes takes a big stride and defends;
16.5;?;Narine to Hughes, no run he comes forward and pushes the tossed up delivery to cover;
16.4;?;Narine to Hughes, no run flighted on leg stump, spins in a touch, defended towards off side;
16.3;1;Narine to Watson, 1 run flatter delivery on off and middle, turns in a bit, the batsman works it to deep backward square leg area;
16.2;1;Narine to Hughes, 1 run flighted on the middle and off line, pushed to long-on off the front foot;
16.1;1;Narine to Watson, 1 run tossed up outside off, it is slightly short in length and that allows Watson to go back and drag it to long-on;
15.6;?;Sammy to Hughes, no run back of length outside off stump, Hughes stays on the back foot and defends it to the off side;
15.5;1;Sammy to Watson, 1 run fuller length ball on middle stump, Watson doesn't get hold of it and ends up chipping it to long-off;
15.5;5nb;Sammy to Watson, (no ball) FOUR runs full-toss and another no-ball for height this time. It is swatted away over square leg for a one-bounced four;
15.5;2nb;Sammy to Hughes, (no ball) 1 run oh! he has overstepped, but Hughes edged it in the air past gully. And the replay shows that is a super harsh-call for the no-ball;
15.4;?;Sammy to Hughes, no run angled across the left-hander at 122ks, left alone;
15.3;W;Sammy to Finch, OUT oh no! Finch is not able to answer his detractors as he falls early again. It was a length ball outside off and he tries to play it towards third man - he has been doing it all morning - but it was too close. the ball kisses the edge and disappears in Thomas' gloves. Darren Sammy and Ben K worked him out..;Aaron Finch c ?Thomas b Sammy 38 (61m 41b 5x4 0x6) SR: 92.68;
15.2;1;Sammy to Watson, 1 run he answers the detractors with a fifty straightaway with and easy steer to third-man;
15.1;?;Sammy to Watson, no run length ball on off, pushed to mid-off off the front foot;
14.6;1;Narine to Watson, 1 run turning in from around off stump, the batsman whips it off the back foot to deep square leg;
14.5;?;Narine to Watson, no run goes on the backfoot to the flatter delivery and pushes it back to the bowler;
14.4;?;Narine to Watson, no run gives it some flight on off stump, the batsman stays in the crease and plays it to midwicket;
14.3;?;Narine to Watson, no run pushed through outside off stump, more front foot defence;
14.2;?;Narine to Watson, no run tossed up outside off stump, the batsman takes a massive forward stride and defends;
14.1;1;Narine to Finch, 1 run tossed up wide outside off, the batsman comes forward and drives it to deep cover;
13.6;?;Sammy to Watson, no run slower delivery, 100 ks, and it was on the pads, but the batsman is beaten by the pace and gets hit on the pads as he tries to glance it;
13.5;?;Sammy to Watson, no run length ball angling in at 123 ks, it's defended off the front foot from around off stump line;
13.4;1;Sammy to Finch, 1 run and again, this one goes a bit quicker to the fielder and that keeps the batsmen to a single;
13.3;2;Sammy to Finch, 2 runs similar delivery, this time to Finch, who cuts it to the right of third-man and gets back for a couple;
13.2;1;Sammy to Watson, 1 run slightly outside off, but that is enough for Watson to open the face and steer it down to third man;
13.1;1;Sammy to Finch, 1 run it is on just short of length, but it's on the middle stump line, nudged to deep square leg off the back foot;
12.6;4;Narine to Watson, FOUR runs width, length is short, invitation to hit, Watson cuts it hard and past the diving point fielder;
12.5;?;Narine to Watson, no run slower, tossed up delivery outside off, the batsman has to come right forward to defend that;
12.4;1;Narine to Finch, 1 run waits for the ball to turn in and pushes it past midwicket for a single;
12.3;?;Narine to Finch, no run flatter delivery outside off, turns in to the batsman, he cuts it hard, but straight to point;
12.2;1;Narine to Watson, 1 run flatter delivery on the middle stump, tucked away to deep backward square for a single;
12.1;1;Narine to Finch, 1 run flight, wide outside off, up to the batsman, it's driven hard to deep cover and it gets there in no time;
11.6;4;Sammy to Watson, FOUR runs hammered! he has had enough off Vivek's comment. Stays in the crease and slams this length ball on off over midwicket for a fast, flat boundary;
11.5;?;Sammy to Watson, no run he comes forward and defends the length ball on off;
11.4;1;Sammy to Finch, 1 run this time he cuts it off the back foot, but straight down to third-man;
11.3;2;Sammy to Finch, 2 runs back of length, but a touch outside off, Finch stays in the crease and opens the face right at the end to run it down fine on the off side;
11.2;?;Sammy to Finch, no run back of length on off stump, the batsman gets right behind it and defends it to the leg side;
11.1;1;Sammy to Watson, 1 run length ball a touch outside off, the batsman stays in the crease and chops it down from very close to his body, down to third man;
10.6;1;Bravo to Watson, 1 run goes forward again and pushes the length delivery to the deep cover fielder;
10.5;2;Bravo to Watson, 2 runs oh wow! Comes forward so early and punches it straight past non-striker. The fielder from long-off runs around and keeps the batsmen to two;
10.4;1;Bravo to Finch, 1 run here comes the heave to the leg side, but it was a slower ball and it messes up with his timing, it goes over midwicket, but the deep square leg fielder fields;
10.3;2;Bravo to Finch, 2 runs the foot saves the boundary at deep point. It was cut hard past point and Russell sticks his boot out and saves the runs.;
10.2;1;Bravo to Watson, 1 run fuller delivery on off stump, pushed towards mid-on with soft hands and the batsmen run a single;
10.1;?;Bravo to Watson, no run slower delivery wide outside off by Dwayne, the batsman pushes it to point off the front foot;
9.6;4;Sammy to Finch, FOUR runs short of length, but it strays down the leg side and the batsman goes back, glances it to the left of short-fine for a boundary. good placement there.;
9.5;?;Sammy to Finch, no run he gets up on his toes and defends the length ball to midwicket;
9.4;1;Sammy to Watson, 1 run back of length on the off and middle line, turned to deep square leg off the back foot;
9.3;?;Sammy to Watson, no run appeals for lbw, but it hit the batsman on the thigh pad. the ball cut in after pitching short of length and beat the inside edge.;
9.2;?;Sammy to Watson, no run short of length on off stump, he goes back and defends towards the off side;
9.1;4;Sammy to Watson, FOUR runs that's what happens when the keeper stands up, Watson edges his cut and it runs down to the boundary.;
8.6;?;Roach to Finch, no run short of length outside off, gets some bounce and the batsman leaves it alone;
8.5;1;Roach to Watson, 1 run gets some width outside off and he opens the face to run it down to third man;
8.4;2;Roach to Watson, 2 runs back of length outside off, cut to third man;
8.3;1;Roach to Finch, 1 run lucky lucky! Short of length, he tries to flick it towards the leg side, gets a healthy leading edge and it drops between Sammy at shot cover and the man at cover..;
8.2;?;Roach to Finch, no run back of length on off stump, defended towards mid-on;
8.1;4;Roach to Finch, FOUR runs oh how well is that played! the ball was not that short and it was outside off, but the batsman waits for it and short-arm jabs it through midwicket;
7.6;?;Sammy to Watson, no run good start from Sammy as he keeps it accurate on off and middle stump, defended towards the leg side;
7.5;?;Sammy to Watson, no run now he goes on the back foot and punches the back of length delivery to mid-off;
7.4;?;Sammy to Watson, no run he comes on the front foot no matter what the length, defends it towards point;
7.3;1;Sammy to Finch, 1 run more of the same, it's hit back to the bowler, but he ricochets it wide of mid-on and the batsmen take a single;
7.2;?;Sammy to Finch, no run keeps it tight with just short of length on off stump, punched back to the bowler off the back foot;
7.1;?;Sammy to Finch, no run bowls back of length on off stump, the batsman gets on the back foot and defends to mid-on;
6.6;2;Roach to Watson, 2 runs gets it past the diving point fielder for a couple. It was a quick short of length delivery on off, the batsman has to jump on his toes, but he manages to get enough timing in his push;
6.5;1;Roach to Finch, 1 run goes back to the length ball and gets it past square leg off the inside-half of his bat;
6.4;?;Roach to Finch, no run length ball on off stump, 147 ks, it angles in towards off stump and Finch defends from the crease;
6.3;1;Roach to Watson, 1 run short of length on the body, doesn't get too high and the batsman easily steers it to third man;
6.2;4;Roach to Watson, FOUR runs super again, It's a 145 k bolt on the pads, and Watson drives it through midwicket off the front foot;
6.1;?;Roach to Watson, no run he goes to the back foot and defends the back of length delivery on off to the short cover fielder;
5.6;?;Russell to Finch, no run and the square leg fielder is under fire again, he stops this time though. Finch gets up on his toes and flicks the short of length delivery straight to him;
5.5;4;Russell to Finch, FOUR runs attempts a bouncer but there is not much pace on that, that has been swatted away over the square leg fielder off the middle of the bat;
5.4;4;Russell to Finch, FOUR runs he gets a second boundary as the ball goes through the square leg fielder. That flick should have been stopped..;
5.3;?;Russell to Finch, no run back of length on off stump, Finch gets up on his toes and pushes the ball back to the bowler;
5.2;1;Russell to Watson, 1 run back of length around off stump, he stays in the crease and chops it down to third-man;
5.1;4;Russell to Watson, FOUR runs oye! superbly timed down the ground. He has been coming forward all day, and this time he gets a length delivery on the middle stump, and he drives it past the non-striker beautifully;
4.6;?;Roach to Finch, no run back of length delivery on off stump, defended towards the leg side off back foot;
4.5;?;Roach to Finch, no run he gets squared up as he tries to defends the length delivery on off stump, plays it towards cover;
4.4;1;Roach to Watson, 1 run back of length delivery outside off stump, the batsman stays back and cuts it from close to his body, down to third man;
4.3;?;Roach to Watson, no run angled into Watson from wide off the crease, good pace there, around 146 ks, Watson defends it off his hips towards square leg;
4.2;?;Roach to Watson, no run now he comes forwards and defends that length delivery off the front foot;
4.1;?;Roach to Watson, no run quick length ball on off stump, the batsman goes on the back foot and defends towards mid-on;
3.6;?;Russell to Finch, no run defended back to the bowler off a back of a length delivery on off stump;
3.5;2;Russell to Finch, 2 runs back of length delivery angling in, flicked away past square leg easily;
3.4;?;Russell to Finch, no run another back of length delivery, defended back to the bowler;
3.3;?;Russell to Finch, no run pulls the length back immediately, on off stump, Finch has to hop to defend that back to the bowler;
3.2;4;Russell to Finch, FOUR runs on to the pads, 146 ks, half-volley really and Finch sends it scurrying along the surface in front of square on the leg side;
3.1;1;Russell to Watson, 1 run no outswing anymore for Russell, it is short of length outside off, Watson gets on top and steers it to third man;
2.6;?;Roach to Finch, no run he bowls it short of length just outside off stump, Finch comes forward and defends it towards mid-off;
2.5;?;Roach to Finch, no run length on the pads and he times his flick superbly, but straight to the man at square leg;
2.4;?;Roach to Finch, no run comes on the front foot and drives the length delivery on the up towards mid-off, not much timing there at all;
2.3;?;Roach to Finch, no run back of length delivery, gets up on the batsman who dabs it towards square leg off the back foot;
2.2;?;Roach to Finch, no run he has been hit on the pads and the bowler cries out an appeal! Length ball on off stump, came a touch in but it took a faint inside edge to the pads;
2.1;?;Roach to Finch, no run back of length angling in towards the off stump, Finch, unlike Watson, goes to the backfoot to defend that to mid-on;
1.6;4;Russell to Watson, FOUR runs gets some width outside with a short of length delivery, Watson had his front foot out but cuts it powerfully through point.;
1.5;?;Russell to Watson, no run back of length delivery angling in from wide off crease, Watson comes forward and drives it on the up towards mid-off;
1.4;?;Russell to Watson, no run fuller delivery, Watson goes for the drive but hits it straight to that short-cover fielder, captain Sammy there;
1.3;?;Russell to Watson, no run good wheels by Russell, bowls it just short of length outside off, and gets good bounce off the surface, left alone;
1.2;?;Russell to Watson, no run length ball, shapes away from the right-hander after pitching on a length, left alone easily;
1.1;?;Russell to Watson, no run;
0.6;1;Roach to Watson, 1 run angles the length ball on to the middle stump and Watson takes a forward stride but flicks it to deep backward square leg;
0.5;?;Roach to Watson, no run length ball on off, it is timed towards mid-off again. A couple of meters straighter and this would have gone to the boundary too;
0.4;4;Roach to Watson, FOUR runs fuller length outside off, Watson sends it back through mid-off with a supremely-timed off-drive;
0.3;2;Roach to Watson, 2 runs slight width outside off and Watson steers it through gully. The third man is standing a bit square and they come back for the second easily;
0.2;?;Roach to Watson, no run similar delivery a touch outside off, it is pushed towards cover off the front foot;
0.1;?;Roach to Watson, no run back of length angling in to the batsman, Watson defends off the front foot;
0.1;1w;Roach to Watson, 1 wide starts off with a very wide delivery outside off, the keeper takes it knee high;

Ok, here we go. Watson and Finch ready to walk in. Kemar Roach hands is hat off to the umpire and measures his run-up. People moving around sightscreen. Two slips in place.
Riddymon: "Why have they replaced Holder with Russell? Holder has been playing pretty good thus far, relatively economical with the ball..bowling good line and length at a decent pace...and Russell is nowhere near consistent enough to warrant pulling Jason Holder out and he's always expensive." Holder has also looked good with the bat..



Toss: Australia have won the toss and they will bat first. As expected, Watson is back in the team and he has replaced Khawaja. West Indies have also made one change - Andre Russell gets his first game; he replaces the impressive Jason Holder.
Dan Ced: "So Finch gets out cheaply in 20 straight games.. but Khawaja misses out.. lovely. Why not Watson and Maxwell opening and Khawaja at 3 or 4?"
Gareth: "I understand the unfortunate nature of Watto's injury, but this is garbage. He has in no way proven he's up for an international return, and they've shafted Uzzie based on alligience to watto. Argus review in effect eh?"
Here comes Hayden with the answer to all Uzzie fans: "Firstly Khawaja wasn't even in the squad that was announced for games 3 and 4 so you all shouldn't be surprised that he isn't playing. And secondly the reason he isn't in the squad is because he is off to India to prepare to the Test series."
NICK K: "The treatment of Finch by the selectors is EXACTLY the way it should be. proved himself at 1st Class level - now given a good stint to prove himself at international level. The chopping and changing needs to stop"
John Teague: "Finch is not failing due to technical incompetence. Finch is failing due to a combination of bad luck and a lack of positive intent (especially in the first two games). We're talking about someone's career here; Finch deserves more chances as he averaged 99.4 and striked at 99.4 this season in OD's." -- Luck is dangerous territory when discussing player's performances John, but I agree that he needs a fair run after the domestic success.
Ross Barrett: "Watson got a duck in Sydney Grade Cricket on Sunday playing for Sutherland in a One Day game - and he is in the team??"
Adam Griffin: "Not sure I agree that Watson has to prove himself for selection in limited overs cricket. That test batting spot, maybe, but in 50 and 20 over cricket there should be no doubt that he's good enough."
"Where is Xavier Doherty he is going to India but no confidence in him from Clark, funny," Sandeep, he is winning the captain's confidence by being the 12th man today.
Errol Erskine: "From a West Indian point of view I too is upset, Sarwan made about 40 runs in 8 games and yet he was selected to tour and you know what he has, just two ducks and he is playing"



8.10 am: They thrilled cricket lovers around the world not so long ago, but the team is yet to deliver on its promise. They lost the ODI series in Bangladesh and are now on the verge of losing another one in Australia.
"From now on every game is a final and we have to play it like that," Darren Sammy said yesterday. They sure played the final at the World T20 with some flair and they need to find that mojo again. For a start, the pitch at the Manuka Oval is a lot friendlier to the batsmen. In other news, Shane Watson is back in the Australia squad and he would hope to get some runs ahead of the India tour. We are 50 mins away from the start. Hope it's a better contest this time.
Windiesaregone: "Regardless of the supposed batsmen friendly conditions at Manuka the simple fact is Australia are not great at the moment but the once mighty West Indians are woeful, player for player they are still not a match even for Australia in it's weakened state."
Patch: "@Windiesaregone - I am not sure that is true, player for player they SHOULD beat the pants off us, but they are not nearly playing to their ability. Chris Gayle has hit more runs off single overs than he has this whole tour."
Jason: "@patch - The windies players don't seem to be up for a battle, when the going is good they play with flair and amaze... when they need to put in some hard yards, they usually come up short."
 Innings Start
They gave hope of a comeback, but it wasn't to be today. Thanks for all the comments and feedback, apologies as we get to publish only a handful. Dan Brettig's match-report is being updated as I type. This is Devashish Fuloria signing off, ciao ciao.



Shane Watson is the player of the match: "It was nice to be out there. It was a nice easy wicket. Once I got going -- I have been dreaming of this for the last four weeks. "



Australia have finished the job with precision. They put up a strong score, thanks to Shane Watson and Phil Hughes with the bat, and then their bowlers kept chipping away with the wickets. James Faulkner picked up four wickets - all four bowled. The pitch at Manuka Oval was supposed to give the West Indies team a respite after Perth, but they gave a few too many earlier. The Bravos kept them in the game for a while, but once they were out, there was no one really to stand up and be a hero today.
Dave: "WI have been given two very chaseable scores by Australia, and, after being in good position, lost both. Got to hurt your confidence."
Ashok: "This West Indies team batting line up is one of the most capable one but unfortunately they are yet to prove it."



47.3;W;Faulkner to Sammy, OUT Match is over! Series is decided. Thanks for coming everyone. It's full and on the middle stump, Sammy, left alone with Richard Parker on a boat, has no option but to take a plunge. He goes for a big swing and misses. Middle stump takes a beating..;Daren Sammy b Faulkner 8 (18m 7b 0x4 1x6) SR: 114.28;
47.2;1;Faulkner to Roach, 1 run back of length on the body, tucked away to backward square leg for a single;
47.1;W;Faulkner to Narine, OUT slower ball, JF hits the off stick! No movement of feet by Narine, he was standing outside leg anyway. He tries to drive from the crease and misses the slower ball. Faulkner's third;Sunil Narine b Faulkner 1 (6m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
46.6;1;Johnson to Narine, 1 run fuller on the middle, the batsman stays in the crease and flicks it to deep midwicket;
46.5;?;Johnson to Narine, no run he moves outside the leg, but he gets a shorter one and Narine makes no connection;
46.4;1;Johnson to Sammy, 1 run fast yorker outside off, it's jammed to the off side for a single;
46.3;?;Johnson to Sammy, no run hits it him in the ribs!! That is painful, Another short of a length delivery, slightly slower, the batsman goes for a pull but the ball comes late and he has to take a blow;
46.2;?;Johnson to Sammy, no run back of length delivery on the body, it's defended back to the bowler;
46.1;6;Johnson to Sammy, SIX runs woooohh! a huge hit this one. Moves his front leg out, this one goes way over the long-on boundary.. some hitting;
45.6;W;McKay to Russell, OUT oh no! Is that the end of the challenge! Russell gets a similar ball and tries a big flat batted swing towards midwicket but ends up top-edging. Wade runs around to short-fine and swallows that one..;Andre Russell c ?Wade b McKay 43 (41m 31b 6x4 1x6) SR: 138.7;
45.5;?;McKay to Russell, no run short of length outside off, the batsman gives a mighty swing to that one but makes no connection.. real big swing;
45.4;2;McKay to Russell, 2 runs oh wow, two runs just off a defensive push to mid-on.. Everyone is right back, they do it easily;
45.3;4;McKay to Russell, FOUR runs length ball on off, he tries to go over extra cover, but ends up slicing it over cover for another one;
45.2;4;McKay to Russell, FOUR runs short and wide, it is whacked through point off the back foot;
45.1;1lb;McKay to Sammy, 1 leg bye quick short of length delivery on the middle and leg line, the batsman tries to pull, but gets hit on the thigh pad;
44.6;?;Johnson to Russell, no run Johnson is bowling slower ones today.. What a day! This one is outside off and cuts away a bit from the right-hander and beats the outside edge as he tries to steer that to point;
44.5;4;Johnson to Russell, FOUR runs slower ball, it's full and outside off, the batsman moves outside leg and squeezes it through that gap between point and short third-man;
44.4;?;Johnson to Russell, no run full delivery and Sammy goes for the big drive, but gets an inside edge on to his pads;
44.4;1w;Johnson to Russell, 1 wide bowls it full and it goes down the leg side. Wade doesn't collect cleanly;
44.3;?;Johnson to Russell, no run length ball, he keeps it very tight around the middle stump, the batsman goes on the back foot and gets cramped for room, defends it back to the bowler;
44.2;1;Johnson to Sammy, 1 run length ball on the pads, stylishly flicked to fine leg for a single;
44.1;W;Johnson to Sarwan, OUT Crack! He moves way outside the leg stump and misses a fast length delivery angling in from round the stumps. Sarwan wanted to play it over cover, he misses and the ball hits the top of middle and leg.;Ramnaresh Sarwan b Johnson 12 (19m 12b 2x4 0x6) SR: 100;
43.6;2;McKay to Russell, 2 runs smashes back the length delivery past the umpire, but it came off the toe of the bat and the fielder at deep gets to it easily;
43.5;?;McKay to Russell, no run play and a miss, it was a quicker one, the surprise delivery, and the batsman gets beaten on his attempted cut;
43.4;2;McKay to Russell, 2 runs slower delivery on off stump, it is steered to the gap between point and short third man for a coupe;
43.3;1;McKay to Sarwan, 1 run walks down a couple of steps and punches the length delivery to midwicket;
43.2;4;McKay to Sarwan, FOUR runs slower delivery outside off, the batsman had already made some room and he slaps it past point;
43.1;1;McKay to Russell, 1 run short of length ball, it is not a slower one, he smashes it to deep midwicket off the back foot;
42.6;1;Johnson to Russell, 1 run a quick short of length delivery on the body, the batsman fends it off to third man for a single;
42.5;1;Johnson to Sarwan, 1 run charges out and Johnson bowls a slower one, the batsman ends dragging it to long-on;
42.4;?;Johnson to Sarwan, no run comes in to the batsman from wide off the crease, the batsman makes room, but it takes an inside edge and goes to the keeper;
42.3;?;Johnson to Sarwan, no run another one veering into the body, it is pushed straight to midwicket;
42.2;?;Johnson to Sarwan, no run short of length, aimed at the body, defended back to the bowler;
42.1;4;Johnson to Sarwan, FOUR runs back of length angling in from round the stumps, Sarwan flat bats it over extra cover for a boundary..;
41.6;?;Faulkner to Russell, no run he dabs it towards short third-man and takes off, Sarwan sends him back but it's too late. He gives it up completely but he fielder misses the stumps, it goes to the bowler who hits, but by that time the batsman is back;
41.5;?;Faulkner to Russell, no run misses the slower ball this time as he goes for a cut;
41.4;2;Faulkner to Russell, 2 runs fuller delivery, pushed straight down the ground, without timing and that gives them time to come back for two;
41.3;6;Faulkner to Russell, SIX runs weeee! there comes the baseball swing. Length ball on the middle, he flat bats it over long on, it barely rose over a few feet above the ground;
41.2;?;Faulkner to Russell, no run moves his front foot out and looks for the big swing, but he completely misses the slower ball, it wasn't far off from the off stump;
41.1;1;Faulkner to Sarwan, 1 run back of length delivery angling across the right-hander, Sarwan stays on the back foot and steers it to third man;
40.6;4;Johnson to Russell, FOUR runs back of length, he edges it to perfection, past the diving keeper for a much-needed boundary;
40.5;?;Johnson to Russell, no run play and a miss by the batsman, it was a length ball outside off;
40.4;1;Johnson to Sarwan, 1 run length ball on off, he comes forward and drives it to deep cover;
40.3;?;Johnson to Sarwan, no run length ball outside off, the batsman 'leaves' it alone;
40.2;?;Johnson to Sarwan, no run back of length delivery on off stump, it is defended off the back foot to cover;
40.1;W;Johnson to Russell, OUT oh my! from nowhere again. It was a quick short one on the body, the batsman drops it on the off side and calls for a quick single. Mitchell Johnson runs a few steps towards the ball and flicks it on to the stumps, just like that. I don't think Polly was expecting that to come so quickly and he was well short of the crease;Kieron Pollard run out (Johnson) 9 (12m 7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 128.57;
39.6;1;Faulkner to Russell, 1 run back of length on off stump, dabbed to short third man and they take another risky one;
39.5;?;Faulkner to Russell, no run slower ball, he waits and smashes it off the back foot, but it is straight to mid-off;
39.4;1;Faulkner to Pollard, 1 run pushed firmly to mid-on and they take a tight single;
39.3;4;Faulkner to Pollard, FOUR runs on the pad again and this time he gets some timing behind that too, it looked a gentle dab but it is gone all the way to deep backward square boundary;
39.2;2;Faulkner to Pollard, 2 runs back of length on the pads, it is punched to deep backward square leg and they take a couple;
39.1;?;Faulkner to Pollard, no run he makes no connection to this one outside off, slightly slower;
38.6;4;Starc to Russell, FOUR runs he is now standing outside leg and he outside edges the full delivery through slips for more runs;
38.5;?;Starc to Russell, no run proper slower ball, 107k, and it was short of length, the batsman went for a massive forehand, but the ball arrived after he was through;
38.4;2;Starc to Russell, 2 runs whoaa!! He makes room this time and gets the ball in his half, drives it hard through cover, but there is a fielder in the deep;
38.3;?;Starc to Russell, no run slightly slower, it's short and wide too, but the batsman is unable to connect as he has moved outside leg;
38.2;?;Starc to Russell, no run 145 kph, angling in from round the stumps, it is defended off the back foot;
38.1;1;Starc to Pollard, 1 run back of length outside off, it is dabbed towards point for a single;
37.6;?;Faulkner to Russell, no run back of length on the middle stump line, the batsman gets behind the line and defends;
37.5;4;Faulkner to Russell, FOUR runs wicket wicket and now a Smash through cover. It was full on off and Russell hammers this through extra cover;
37.4;W;Faulkner to Bravo, OUT and another one! If Gayle was big, this is even bigger at this stage! Bravo gives himself a lot of room and goes for the booming drive which has been serving him well today, but he misses a straight one. The ball crashes on to the off stump ..;Darren Bravo b Faulkner 86 (115m 96b 7x4 1x6) SR: 89.58;
37.3;1;Faulkner to Pollard, 1 run length delivery on off stump, the batsman comes forward and pushes it to deep cover;
37.2;?;Faulkner to Pollard, no run slower ball on the middle stump line, he comes forward and defends it to off;
37.1;W;Faulkner to Gayle, OUT all over sir, it's all over JF goes ballistic. He has the big wicket. It was a length ball angling in to the batsman, Gayle tried to flick it to the leg side without moving his feet, the ball sneaks through the gap between the bat and pad and crashes on to the off and middle stump..;Chris Gayle b Faulkner 2 (14m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 40;
36.6;4;Starc to Bravo, FOUR runs he makes room and screams that drive through cover. Starc bowled is full on the middle, but he errs just a bit in the length, but that is enough for Darren to smash it all along the ground to the extra cover boundary;
36.5;1;Starc to Gayle, 1 run takes a baby step forward, but Starc bowls a slower bouncer, Gayle fends it to the leg side;
36.4;1lb;Starc to Bravo, 1 leg bye full on the pads, the batsman gets hit on his pads as he misses the flick and it runs down fine on the off side;
36.3;4;Starc to Bravo, FOUR runs slower ball, but it's full and it is smashed back to mid-off, straight to Ben Cutting, but it goes through his legs..some power behind that one;
36.2;2;Starc to Bravo, 2 runs length ball outside off, the batsman throws is bat at that one and gets enough to just clear extra cover;
36.1;?;Starc to Bravo, no run back of length on the middle, Bravo makes room and cuts it hard, can't beat point;
35.6;1;Faulkner to Bravo, 1 run he makes room again, but JF bowls it full and wide outside off, Bravo has to stretch and he drives it to deep cover;
35.5;4;Faulkner to Bravo, FOUR runs clears his front leg out and slams it over extra cover for a superb boundary;
35.4;1;Faulkner to Gayle, 1 run and a slower delivery wide of off, Gayle dabs it to point and takes a risky one;
35.3;?;Faulkner to Gayle, no run again a length delivery wide of off, he is making Gayle stretch, it is pushed to point now;
35.2;?;Faulkner to Gayle, no run length ball wide outside off, makes Gayle stretch for it, he pushes it to cover;
35.1;1;Faulkner to Bravo, 1 run slower ball on the middle stump, the batsman makes room and dabs it to point;
34.6;W;Starc to Bravo, OUT that's the way to do it! He bowls it with some venom from wide off the crease, RH plays down the wrong line and the middle stump is knocked back. That was a screamer and Dwayne was left holding his defensive pose for a while.. Supaah;Dwayne Bravo b Starc 51 (66m 50b 5x4 0x6) SR: 102;
34.6;1w;Starc to Bravo, 1 wide why bowl slow when you are express! he tries it anyway and goes down the leg side;
34.5;?;Starc to Bravo, no run full and quick on off stump, 145 kph, RH still struggling to hit it outside infield, pushes it to cover;
34.4;?;Starc to Bravo, no run length delivery, 144 kph, comes in with the angle, RH defends it to point off the back foot;
34.3;?;Starc to Bravo, no run back of length angling in to the right-handed Bravo, he defends it back to the bowler;
34.2;1;Starc to Bravo, 1 run angled in from wide off the crease, the batsman stands tall and drives it on the up to deep cover;
34.1;?;Starc to Bravo, no run quick short of length delivery outside off beats Darren's attempted cut;
33.6;1;McKay to Bravo, 1 run quicker one on off stump, pushed to cover from the crease;
33.5;6;McKay to Bravo, SIX runs slower ball but this time it is on the perfect length for a big swing, he opens his arms and sends this soaring in the night sky, stays up for a long time and comes down in the crowd at long on. Massive;
33.4;1;McKay to Bravo, 1 run length ball on off stump, pushed towards midwicket;
33.3;1;McKay to Bravo, 1 run length delivery on the pads, Darren tries to go leg side with his shot, but gets an inside edge on to his pads, that goes towards the off side;
33.2;?;McKay to Bravo, no run slower ball down the leg side, it hits the pad along the way to the keeper, or something, not called a wide;
33.1;?;McKay to Bravo, no run length ball on off and middle stump, punched to cover off the front foot;
32.6;?;Starc to Bravo, no run beats the batsman with a length ball outside off. Dwayne tried to square drive it without much feet movement;
32.5;1lb;Starc to Bravo, 1 leg bye full and on the pads, Darren misses the flick again. It hits the pads and goes towards point;
32.4;2;Starc to Bravo, 2 runs attempts a slower ball, but it is full toss outside off, the batsman manages to slice it to third man;
32.3;1;Starc to Bravo, 1 run back of length on the middle stump, Dwayne hops up and dabs this to deep backward square to bring up his fifty;
32.2;1;Starc to Bravo, 1 run full delivery with a lot of width outside off, he crashes it through square on the off side, it is cut off by deep cover;
32.1;4;Starc to Bravo, FOUR runs full and veering on to the pads, it is squeezed past short fine leg for a boundary, more of an inside edge actually;
31.6;?;McKay to Bravo, no run faster deliver, pushed to cover off the front foot;
31.5;4;McKay to Bravo, FOUR runs this time he gets one on the pads and he pierces the gap at deep backward square with another slap;
31.4;4;McKay to Bravo, FOUR runs slightly shorter slower ball, Dwayne has had enough of it and he pulls it over midwicket powerfully, just bounces inside the boundary;
31.3;?;McKay to Bravo, no run another slower ball and Dwayne is struggling to get them out of the square;
31.2;?;McKay to Bravo, no run another slower ball on the off stump, it comes really slow and the batsman ends up playing it back to the bowler;
31.1;?;McKay to Bravo, no run slower delivery wide outside off, of all the options, Dwayne chooses to leave;
30.6;?;Maxwell to Bravo, no run drifting on to the pads, it hits the batsman as he is unable to flick it;
30.5;?;Maxwell to Bravo, no run flatter on the middle stump line, pushed to cover;
30.4;?;Maxwell to Bravo, no run goes down the leg side, Wade appeals for a caught behind as Darren went for a sweep and Clarke calls for a review. It has touched the pad on the way, so are they going to take the wide back? It's not a wide..;
30.3;?;Maxwell to Bravo, no run pushed to cover with soft hands, no run;
30.2;1;Maxwell to Bravo, 1 run floated outside off, the batsman gets an outside edge as he goes for a drive;
30.1;1;Maxwell to Bravo, 1 run;
29.6;1;McKay to Bravo, 1 run slower ball on leg stump, dabbed to the left of midwicket and they take a quick single;
29.5;?;McKay to Bravo, no run back of length on off stump, punched to midwicket;
29.4;3;McKay to Bravo, 3 runs back of length on the pads, it's flicked to deep backward square and Johnson slips past the ball as he gets close and allows an extra run;
29.3;?;McKay to Bravo, no run slower and more slower stuff, the batsman is unable to get it away;
29.2;?;McKay to Bravo, no run beautiful slower delivery, it dips on the batsman as he comes forward, then it bounces extra and hits the top of the bat near the handle;
29.1;1;McKay to Bravo, 1 run slower delivery on off stump, it's full too, driven to wide long-off;
28.6;1;Maxwell to Bravo, 1 run comes down the pitch and pushes it to the left of the bowler;
28.5;1;Maxwell to Bravo, 1 run driven to long-on with a lot of wrist;
28.4;1;Maxwell to Bravo, 1 run he goes back and punches the delivery to deep cover to bring up his fifty;
28.3;?;Maxwell to Bravo, no run and beats the batsman again with a quicker one outside off;
28.2;?;Maxwell to Bravo, no run gets some spin away from the bat as he bowls with a round arm action, beats the bat;
28.1;2;Maxwell to Bravo, 2 runs punches the flat delivery down to long-on;
27.6;?;McKay to Bravo, no run slower ball on off stump, the batsman can't do much and plays it back to the bowler;
27.5;1;McKay to Bravo, 1 run he waits for the slower delivery to come and dabs it towards point for a single;
27.4;2;McKay to Bravo, 2 runs length ball on off, it is placed beautifully as Darren plays an on the up drive, but Mitchell Johnson at the boundary makes an excellent diving save;
27.3;1;McKay to Bravo, 1 run length ball on off stump, Dwayne dabs it to square leg for a single;
27.2;1;McKay to Bravo, 1 run another slower one, full and wide outside off, the batsman drives it hard to deep cover;
27.1;?;McKay to Bravo, no run guess what, it is a slower delivery, on a short of length and on off stump, the batsman gets beaten by it as he was the only one who didn't guess it.;
26.6;1;Maxwell to Bravo, 1 run wide and flat outside off, Darren stays back and punches it to deep cover;
26.5;1;Maxwell to Bravo, 1 run makes room and dabs the ball from outside off towards short third-man;
26.4;?;Maxwell to Bravo, no run comes forward to the flighted delivery and defends it back to the bowler;
26.3;2;Maxwell to Bravo, 2 runs comes down the pitch to the fuller ball, but gets an inside edge towards fine leg;
26.2;2;Maxwell to Bravo, 2 runs slightly drifting on to the pads, the batman flicks it to deep square leg for a couple;
26.1;?;Maxwell to Bravo, no run flatter delivery on the off stump, no room, defended back down the pitch;
25.6;1;Johnson to Bravo, 1 run back of length on the middle, pushed to midwicket and they call for a quick single.. 15 off that over..;
25.5;4;Johnson to Bravo, FOUR runs whoaa! he does it again, that drive over extra cover is as good as anyone and he keeps doing that;
25.4;1;Johnson to Bravo, 1 run it is on a length on off stump, the batsman runs it down to third-man for a single;
25.3;4;Johnson to Bravo, FOUR runs low full-toss on the pads, it is flicked through for a boundary behind square;
25.2;1;Johnson to Bravo, 1 run pushed to cover off the front foot and they call for a quick single;
25.1;4;Johnson to Bravo, FOUR runs width and full delivery outside off, Dwayne throws his bat at that one and slices it over point for a well-hit boundary;
24.6;?;Maxwell to Bravo, no run he comes out of the crease again, but the length is not there, ends up defending to the off side;
24.5;?;Maxwell to Bravo, no run quicker delivery on off stump, defended off the front foot;
24.4;1;Maxwell to Bravo, 1 run now Dwayne comes out of the crease, but gets hit on the pads outside off, takes a leg bye;
24.3;1;Maxwell to Bravo, 1 run flatter on off stump, it is pushed to deep cover for a single;
24.2;?;Maxwell to Bravo, no run takes a couple of steps out of the crease but ends up defending it back to the bowler;
24.1;1;Maxwell to Bravo, 1 run pushed through on the pads, it is dabbed to midwicket and they scamper for a single;
23.6;1;Johnson to Bravo, 1 run back of length on the middle and off line, he hops and pushes it to the left of point fielder;
23.5;1;Johnson to Bravo, 1 run it is full and it is a touch wide of off, the batsman comes forward and carves it to deep cover;
23.4;?;Johnson to Bravo, no run length ball on off stump, Darren comes forward and pushes it to mid-off;
23.3;1;Johnson to Bravo, 1 run length ball on the pads, it is tucked to the right of midwicket for a single;
23.2;2;Johnson to Bravo, 2 runs full on the pads, Dwayne drives it past midwicket and gets a couple;
23.1;1;Johnson to Bravo, 1 run full delivery on the pads, it is easily flicked to deep square leg for a single;
22.6;1;Maxwell to Bravo, 1 run flatter on the middle, Darren goes back and punches it to deep cover;
22.6;1w;Maxwell to Bravo, 1 wide pushes it down the leg side, called a wide;
22.5;1;Maxwell to Bravo, 1 run shuffles around on the crease, punches the delivery around middle to deep midwicket;
22.4;?;Maxwell to Bravo, no run flighted and full, punched back to the bowler;
22.3;1;Maxwell to Bravo, 1 run flighted on the middle stump, pushed to cover for a single;
22.2;?;Maxwell to Bravo, no run drifts on to the pads, and Bravo is unable to get that away, gets rapped on the pads.;
22.1;1;Maxwell to Bravo, 1 run on the pads, it is tucked to backward square leg for a single;
21.6;1;Clarke to Bravo, 1 run tossed up on off, pushed to long-off for a single;
21.5;1;Clarke to Bravo, 1 run;
21.4;2;Clarke to Bravo, 2 runs tossed up further, it is driven down to the cow corner and they come back for a couple;
21.4;1w;Clarke to Bravo, 1 wide flighted down the leg side, the batsman misses his sweep but it's called wide;
21.3;1;Clarke to Bravo, 1 run slightly on the pads, turned to square leg for a single;
21.2;?;Clarke to Bravo, no run pushed to cover off the front foot;
21.1;4;Clarke to Bravo, FOUR runs he cracks it off a length, inside out and over extra cover, that flies through to the boundary;
20.6;?;Maxwell to Bravo, no run strays on the leg side, but he is unable to take advantage, straight to short fine;
20.5;4;Maxwell to Bravo, FOUR runs flighted delivery on the off stump, it's too full too, Darren slams it past his brother for a boundary..;
20.4;1;Maxwell to Bravo, 1 run turns down the leg side, it is tucked away to deep backward square for a single;
20.3;?;Maxwell to Bravo, no run flatter on off stump, defended back to the bowler;
20.2;1;Maxwell to Bravo, 1 run floated on the middle stump, it is pushed to the gap at cover point;
20.1;?;Maxwell to Bravo, no run pushed through on the middle, punched to extra cover off the back foot;
19.6;1;Clarke to Bravo, 1 run tossed up and full on the pads, it's punched down the ground to long-on;
19.5;1;Clarke to Bravo, 1 run dabbed to midwicket off the front foot for a single;
19.4;1;Clarke to Bravo, 1 run quick slider, the batsman stays on the back foot and punches it to long-off;
19.3;?;Clarke to Bravo, no run he goes on the back foot and punches the flat delivery to cover;
19.2;2;Clarke to Bravo, 2 runs on the middle stump line, tucked away to square leg for a single;
19.1;?;Clarke to Bravo, no run flat delivery on off stump, defended back to the bowler;
18.6;?;Maxwell to Bravo, no run gets some width outside off, he is unable to find the gap with his steer shot, it goes straight to point;
18.5;?;Maxwell to Bravo, no run pushed through on off stump, defended back to the bowler;
18.4;1;Maxwell to Bravo, 1 run this one turns away a touch, but the batsman comes forward and pushes it past point for a single;
18.3;1;Maxwell to Bravo, 1 run flighted on the middle and leg stump, wristily flicks it to deep midwicket;
18.2;1;Maxwell to Bravo, 1 run flatter, shorter, quicker, on off stump, Lara goes back and punches it to deep cover;
18.1;1;Maxwell to Bravo, 1 run floated outside off, Dwayne comes forward and pushes it to cover for a single;
17.6;?;Clarke to Bravo, no run this one is on the pads to, the batsman is unable to get it away;
17.5;?;Clarke to Bravo, no run pushed to the leg side, to square leg;
17.5;1w;Clarke to Bravo, 1 wide he goes down the leg side and is called a wide;
17.4;?;Clarke to Bravo, no run pushed up fuller, punched to midwicket;
17.3;4;Clarke to Bravo, FOUR runs flatter delivery outside off, Lara goes on the back foot and slaps it through cover for a boundary;
17.2;2;Clarke to Bravo, 2 runs full again and on the pads, it is flicked away to deep square leg for another couple;
17.1;1;Clarke to Bravo, 1 run tosses it up on off, it is driven hard to deep cover by Dwayne;
16.6;?;Maxwell to Bravo, no run tossed up delivery on off, pushed to mid-off by the batsman;
16.5;1;Maxwell to Bravo, 1 run fuller delivery from round the stumps, pushed down to long-on;
16.4;W;Maxwell to Powell, OUT oh that is a big wicket! Powell was looking very comfortable. He goes down on his knee to play a premeditated sweep but gets a tiny little top edge that lobs towards the leg side, not very high, not very far. But Wade is quick, runs a couple of steps and dives to complete a good catch.;Kieran Powell c ?Wade b Maxwell 47 (67m 49b 6x4 0x6) SR: 95.91;
16.3;?;Maxwell to Powell, no run quicker on the middle stump, defended back to the bowler;
16.2;1;Maxwell to Bravo, 1 run back of length on off stump, the batsman goes back and punches it to deep cover;
16.1;1;Maxwell to Powell, 1 run flat delivery on the middle stump, pushed to midwicket for a single;
15.6;?;Johnson to Bravo, no run gets a quick bouncer and he ducks under it, just like Lara used to..;
15.5;1;Johnson to Powell, 1 run back of length on off stump, the batsman goes back and turns it to midwicket for another single;
15.4;2;Johnson to Powell, 2 runs length ball wide outside off, the batsman stays on the back foot and steers it to the left of third man, on this ground, it is always a couple;
15.3;1;Johnson to Bravo, 1 run back of length delivery on off again, it is dabbed to the right of point for a single;
15.2;?;Johnson to Bravo, no run back of length on off stump, he hops on to his toes and pushes it to point;
15.1;?;Johnson to Bravo, no run length ball on off stump, the batsman stays in the crease and defends it off the back foot;
14.6;1;Maxwell to Bravo, 1 run flatter one, on the pads, it is tucked to short fine off the back foot;
14.5;?;Maxwell to Bravo, no run flighted delivery on the leg stump, the batsman misses his flick and it hits him on the pads;
14.4;1;Maxwell to Powell, 1 run he waits on the back foot and tucks the flat delivery to square leg;
14.3;?;Maxwell to Powell, no run pushed to cover off the front foot, bowler runs and does the fielding;
14.2;4;Maxwell to Powell, FOUR runs oh beautiful shot! he comes down the pitch and hits it inside out over extra cover;
14.1;1;Maxwell to Bravo, 1 run drifter on the middle stump, Bravo goes back and it keeps coming in to him, pushes it to cover for a single;
13.6;2;Faulkner to Powell, 2 runs waits on the back foot and crunches the slower ball past a diving point for a couple;
13.5;?;Faulkner to Powell, no run this one was bowled at the normal pace, back of length outside off and it bounces a touch extra, the batsman gets beaten on his cut;
13.4;1;Faulkner to Bravo, 1 run he goes on the back foot and punches the slower ball outside off to deep cover;
13.3;?;Faulkner to Bravo, no run another slower one on the off stump, the batsman defends it back to the bowler;
13.2;?;Faulkner to Bravo, no run back of length on off stump, pushed back to the bowler;
13.1;1;Faulkner to Powell, 1 run back of length delivery, it is tucked to short fine and he takes off for a single, it was very tight and a direct hit at the non-striker's would have sent him back;
12.6;1;Maxwell to Powell, 1 run he pushes this to mid-off and calls for a quick one;
12.5;1;Maxwell to Bravo, 1 run slower on the off stump line, the batsman comes forward and dabs the ball on the off side and calls for a quick single;
12.4;?;Maxwell to Bravo, no run and he hits the thigh pad again as Bravo misses his flick;
12.3;?;Maxwell to Bravo, no run pushed through on off stump, the batsman pushes it to extra cover;
12.2;?;Maxwell to Bravo, no run this time he moves a little across, but he ball is fired down the leg side, hits the thigh pad as the batsman misses;
12.1;?;Maxwell to Bravo, no run flatter delivery on the pads, he misses his shot and gets hit on the pad;
12.1;1w;Maxwell to Bravo, 1 wide flights this one down the leg side, good take by Wade;
11.6;?;Faulkner to Powell, no run back of length delivery, tight on the off stump line, pushed to point off the back foot;
11.5;1;Faulkner to Bravo, 1 run fuller length on the middle stump line, punched straight down to the right of mid-on;
11.4;?;Faulkner to Bravo, no run it is a touch fuller and Lara squeezes it to point with some flair;
11.3;?;Faulkner to Bravo, no run another slower ball outside off, it spins past the bat as Bravo comes forward to push it to off;
11.2;?;Faulkner to Bravo, no run length delivery outside off stump, the batsman comes forward and leaves it alone;
11.1;2;Faulkner to Bravo, 2 runs back of length outside off stump, he stands tall on the back foot and steers it down to third man;
10.6;1;McKay to Bravo, 1 run length ball on off, it is pushed to the gap at cover for a single;
10.5;2;McKay to Bravo, 2 runs more of the conventional pace, the batsman tennis-forehands it over mid-on without much timing;
10.4;?;McKay to Bravo, no run 110 ks, he is bowling slower after slower after slower ball, another one on off this time, defended off the front foot;
10.3;?;McKay to Bravo, no run slower delivery on off stump, he waits on the front foot and defends towards off;
10.2;?;McKay to Bravo, no run length delivery on off stump, he comes forward and drives it on the up to cover;
10.1;?;McKay to Bravo, no run back of length on off stump, Bravo pushes it to point off the back foot;
9.6;?;Faulkner to Powell, no run gets beaten with another slower ball outside off, bounces a touch extra and goes past the outside edge;
9.5;?;Faulkner to Powell, no run and another one, he is becoming more of spinner now, left alone outside off;
9.4;?;Faulkner to Powell, no run and more, 109,4 ks, but this was on short of length on off stump, defended off the back foot;
9.3;?;Faulkner to Powell, no run and more of the slower stuff from JF, pushed to cover by Powell;
9.2;?;Faulkner to Powell, no run another back of the hand delivery, this time on off stump, it's pushed to midwicket;
9.1;?;Faulkner to Powell, no run length ball outside off, doesn't bounce much as it's a slower one, the batsman misses;
8.6;1;McKay to Powell, 1 run gets this slower ball to bounce a touch extra, it hits the shoulder of the bat as Powell comes forward and goes towards backward square leg;
8.5;?;McKay to Powell, no run length ball on off stump, pushed to cover off the front foot;
8.4;W;McKay to Thomas, OUT caught at cover! And that is the end of that. He goes for a big heave spotting that it is a slower ball, but is in no control and ends up top-edging the ball straight to cover.;Devon Thomas c Hughes b McKay 19 (38m 25b 3x4 0x6) SR: 76;
8.3;?;McKay to Thomas, no run back of length delivery on off and middle stump line, pushed to cover off the back foot;
8.2;1;McKay to Powell, 1 run slower delivery on the middle stump, it's punched down to long-on for a single;
8.1;?;McKay to Powell, no run length ball on the middle stump, pushed to mid-on from the crease;
7.6;2;Faulkner to Thomas, 2 runs lots of doubles on this ground as the outfield is fairly big, this time to third man;
7.5;3;Faulkner to Powell, 3 runs slower ball, a faster legspinner really, the batsman waits and punches it to point, where Maxwell allows the ball to go through him. Then he runs and pulls the ball back from the boundary with a dive;
7.4;1;Faulkner to Thomas, 1 run a push to the right of mid-off off a length delivery yields another single;
7.3;4;Faulkner to Thomas, FOUR runs length ball on the pads and it's punched over midwicket with some power, flies to the boundary;
7.2;?;Faulkner to Thomas, no run beats the batsman with one which just cuts away a bit after pitching as Thomas tries to defend;
7.1;1;Faulkner to Powell, 1 run starts off with a back of length delivery on off stump, punched to the right of mid-on for a single;
6.6;3;McKay to Powell, 3 runs another slower ball on off, there is not slip, no third-man, and Powell manages to guide it between the keeper and the fielder at short third-man;
6.5;1;McKay to Thomas, 1 run slower ball on off stump, he waits for it and opens the face to place it to the left of point;
6.4;?;McKay to Thomas, no run comes forward and defends that length ball on off solidly;
6.3;2;McKay to Thomas, 2 runs goes over the bowler's head but doesn't get any timing, the fielder hits the stumps and the batsmen take an extra on the rebound;
6.2;4;McKay to Thomas, FOUR runs he picks up the length ball on off stump and whacks it down to deep midwicket boundary, it just bounces inside the boundary;
6.1;?;McKay to Thomas, no run bowls length delivery on the off stump, defended down the pitch;
5.6;4;Starc to Powell, FOUR runs moves the front leg out of the way and drives the length ball on off stump down the ground past mid-off;
5.6;3nb;Starc to Powell, (no ball) 2 runs short of length delivery, Powell drops it towards third man with soft hands and comes back for a double. It is big big no-ball too;
5.5;4;Starc to Powell, FOUR runs length ball on off and middle stump, the batsman goes for an airy drive through the on side and finds the gap between mid-on and midwicket;
5.4;?;Starc to Powell, no run back of length delivery, angling in to the batsman, Powell stands tall and defends towards midwicket;
5.3;?;Starc to Powell, no run back of length delivery on off stump, defended to the off side off the back foot;
5.2;1lb;Starc to Thomas, 1 leg bye 145 ks, back of length delivery, Thomas chooses the wrong option to duck, but it wasn't that short and he gets hit on his hands..Takes a leg-bye;
5.1;1;Starc to Powell, 1 run back of length delivery outside off, the batsman comes forward and steers it to third-man with ease;
4.6;?;Johnson to Thomas, no run back of length delivery, angling across the right-hander, left alone easily;
4.5;?;Johnson to Thomas, no run back of length on the leg stump line, the batsman gets squared up as he tries to defend that of the back foot;
4.4;4;Johnson to Thomas, FOUR runs gets width and it's pitched up too, he doesn't get too far forward but slices it over cover point for a boundary;
4.3;?;Johnson to Thomas, no run beats him outside off with an angled delivery wide of off, Thomas goes poking and misses;
4.2;1;Johnson to Powell, 1 run back of length outside off, the batsman waits for it and opens the face to run it down to third man;
4.1;4;Johnson to Powell, FOUR runs full delivery on the pads, it is easily flicked over backward square leg for another boundary;
3.6;1;Starc to Powell, 1 run back of length on the off stump, he hops and drops it towards point and takes off for a quick run. Thomas makes it to the striker's end in time;
3.5;?;Starc to Powell, no run length delivery on off stump, defended off the front foot to midwicket;
3.4;?;Starc to Powell, no run length delivery on the middle, he looks for that flick again but misses out, as he get and edge on to his pads;
3.3;4;Starc to Powell, FOUR runs it's on a length and it comes in with the angle on the middle stump line, Powell this time waits in the crease and flicks it to deep backward square leg boundary;
3.2;?;Starc to Powell, no run back of length delivery on off stump, defended off the back foot;
3.1;4;Starc to Powell, FOUR runs length ball on off stump, Powell crashes it through the cover without really getting close to the ball, the fielder at cover runs after it, makes a valiant attempt, but is not able to prevent the boundary;
2.6;?;Johnson to Thomas, no run length ball on off stump, he comes forward and pushes it to cover;
2.5;?;Johnson to Thomas, no run short of length delivery, 148 ks, goes across the right-hander, Thomas drops his wrists out of the way;
2.4;?;Johnson to Thomas, no run back of length on the off stump, the batsman gets right behind the ball to defend it to the leg side;
2.3;?;Johnson to Thomas, no run length ball, swings in to the batsman a little and beats the pad to hit the pad. It was pitched outside leg though;
2.2;?;Johnson to Thomas, no run goes fuller with the length, it is just outside off and Thomas drives it to mid-on;
2.1;?;Johnson to Thomas, no run bowls short of length on the middle and leg line, tucked away to square leg;
1.6;?;Starc to Powell, no run back of a length delivery outside off, 147 ks, comes in with the angle, hits the inside edge and then on to the pads;
1.5;?;Starc to Powell, no run fuller length delivery on the pads, punched to mid-on from the crease;
1.4;?;Starc to Powell, no run length ball outside off, not much movement but he gets good bounce, left alone by the batsman;
1.3;1;Starc to Thomas, 1 run length ball on off stump, it is driven to cover where the two converging fielders - Bailey and Faulkner - end up in a collision.;
1.2;?;Starc to Thomas, no run this one comes back after pitching on off stump, not too much though, but it hits the inside edge as the batsman comes forward to defend;
1.1;?;Starc to Thomas, no run short of length, goes across Thomas a touch outside off, left alone easily;
0.6;?;McKay to Powell, no run length delivery a touch outside off is left alone by the batsman;
0.5;?;McKay to Powell, no run back of length delivery, angling across, pushed to cover off the back foot;
0.4;?;McKay to Powell, no run length ball on off stump, he comes forward and drives it down to mid-off;
0.3;?;McKay to Powell, no run fuller length delivery on the pads, gets some swing in to the batsman, driven straight to midwicket;
0.2;?;McKay to Powell, no run length ball on off stump, he leans forward and drives it to cover;
0.1;?;McKay to Powell, no run short of length delivery outside off, goes away with the angle and doesn't bounce much, beats the bat;

We are back now. Devon Thomas comes out with Powell. Gayle will come later as he has got some side strain.
 Innings Start
Australia
West Indies
3rd ODI (D/N), Canberra, Feb 6 2013, West Indies tour of Australia
329/7
290
Player of the match is Shane Watson, AUS
Australia won by 39 runs
