Data
That's a good finish for Australia - 30 off the last four overs - but still a strong total for England based around two fantastic innings from Moeen Ali and Eoin Morgan. It was a case of the quicker they bowled, the better for Australia. Starc, Cummins and Coulter-Nile very good. The others less so, they went the distance. There are short straight boundaries here. Should be a good second innings. I'll be back in a moment.
19.6;1;Starc to Stokes, 1 run one ball for Stokes, it's a low full toss which he crunches straight to mid-off who is inside the circle;
19.5;1;Starc to Ali, 1 run well bowled, yorker outside off, Moeen can only heave into the leg side;
19.4;W;Starc to Billings, OUT a straight, low full toss is driven straight to mid-off...Smith's throw is on target, Starc takes the bails off. Billings struggled today;Sam Billings run out (Smith/Starc) 2 (11m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 28.57;
19.3;1;Starc to Ali, 1 run low full toss, this time he drives out to deep cover so loses the strike;
19.2;4;Starc to Ali, FOUR runs over the wicket, and elegantly sliced away over backward point, it was a full delivery and he allowed the ball to slide off an open face;
19.1;1;Starc to Billings, 1 run round the wicket, full outside leg, Billings gets a leading edge out to deep cover;
18.6;1lb;Cummins to Billings, 1 leg bye done for pace again, nudging 94mph, rattles into the top of his leg as he tries to pull and the leg bye means it keeps the strike which Australia won't mind;
18.5;1;Cummins to Ali, 1 run full at the stumps, 91mph, driven firmly to deep cover;
18.4;2lb;Cummins to Ali, 2 leg byes somehow gets this down to third man, goes right across the crease outside off and aims to work to the leg side then the ball takes the pad...a better throw and he would have been struggling;
18.3;?;Cummins to Ali, no run connects sweetly with a drive but it goes straight to cover...some valuable dot balls for Australia;
18.2;1;Cummins to Billings, 1 run charges down the pitch, beaten for pace by a very sharp delivery above 90mph, goes for a pull which skews into the off side;
18.1;1;Cummins to Ali, 1 run full outside off, cracked over the off side to deep cover;
17.6;?;Starc to Billings, no run a fresh air swing from Billings as he charges down the pitch...so he soaks up three dot balls;
17.5;?;Starc to Billings, no run well bowled, beaten outside off by a full ball at 91mph;
17.4;?;Starc to Billings, no run round the wicket, full outside off, 90mph, driven straight to cover;
17.3;W;Starc to Buttler, OUT finds mid-on...clubs a length delivery and doesn't get elevation or placement. A brief, lively stay for Buttler. Next!;Jos Buttler c Cummins b Starc 11 (5m 4b 1x4 1x6) SR: 275;
17.3;1w;Starc to Buttler, 1 wide a wide full toss outside off;
17.2;6;Starc to Buttler, SIX runs and now he clears wide long-on...another full delivery and Buttler switches sides, launching it over the in-field and that didn't even find the middle;
17.1;4;Starc to Buttler, FOUR runs superb placement from Buttler as he lofts a full ball over extra cover, just opened the blade to find the gap;
16.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Buttler, 1 run back of a length, straight, tucked into the leg side...good over from NCL and a good spell;
16.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Ali, 1 run short of a length, Moeen moves to the leg side and pulls over midwicket...doesn't quite fine the middle;
16.4;2;Coulter-Nile to Ali, 2 runs fuller this time, heaved through midwicket and places it between two of the deep men;
16.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Ali, no run that's sharp, a short ball at leg stump which beats Moeen over the top edge;
16.2;W;Coulter-Nile to Morgan, OUT gets underneath this, goes miles into the Cardiff sky and does not quite have the distance this time as Watson settles under it just inside the rope at long on;Eoin Morgan c Watson b Coulter-Nile 74 (50m 39b 3x4 7x6) SR: 189.74;
16.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Ali, 1 run he goes straight down the ground, too, but clothed a little by Moeen;
15.6;6;Cummins to Morgan, SIX runs that's one of the longer boundaries...and it's six again. Cummins drops it short and Morgan pulls emphatically over deep midwicket;
15.5;6;Cummins to Morgan, SIX runs these straight boundaries are very short...Morgan manages to larrup a big full toss off somewhere near the bottom of the bat and it lands in the crowd;
15.4;1;Cummins to Ali, 1 run another full toss, Moeen gives himself room to the leg side and drives through point...Warner's speed across the ground keeps them to one;
15.3;1;Cummins to Morgan, 1 run gets a yorker in which is squeezed to the covers;
15.2;1;Cummins to Ali, 1 run full at leg stump, flicked out to deep midwicket;
15.1;1;Cummins to Morgan, 1 run low full toss outside off, driven in the air but lands short of deep cover;
14.6;1;Watson to Morgan, 1 run full at the stumps, gets underneath it and chips just short of long-on...22 off the over;
14.6;1w;Watson to Morgan, 1 wide the pressure tells, fired miles outside off stump;
14.5;6;Watson to Morgan, SIX runs brilliant strike, hammers through the line of a full ball as Watson tries to mix up his length but it just goes straight back over his head;
14.4;6;Watson to Morgan, SIX runs into the crowd again! Terrific way to go to fifty off 32 balls...hoicks a short ball over deep square leg even though he was cramped for a little room;
14.3;?;Watson to Morgan, no run gets a leading edge as he aims to work a delivery off his pads but it loops short of Smith running in from cover;
14.2;2;Watson to Morgan, 2 runs low full toss outside off, driven sweetly through the off side and the sweeper can't stop the second;
14.1;6;Watson to Morgan, SIX runs six more! The charge is well and truly on. Another supreme strike by Morgan as he drives a full delivery well over long on;
13.6;1;Boyce to Morgan, 1 run full outside off, chopped into the ground off a bottom edge and bobbles to point;
13.5;1;Boyce to Ali, 1 run a quicker ball, fired it around leg stump, pushed down the ground;
13.4;6;Boyce to Ali, SIX runs that's bigger! Uses his feet and picks up a delivery around leg stump with a free swing of the arms over deep midwicket. Effortless.;
13.3;4;Boyce to Ali, FOUR runs short again, and this time it's pulled with power and placement wide of deep midwicket. Lovely quick footwork and quick hands. Superb fifty off 31 balls;
13.2;6;Boyce to Ali, SIX runs he targets the short boundary, basically just slugs a length delivery straight down the ground;
13.1;1;Boyce to Morgan, 1 run drags the first one down a little outside off, pulled to long-on;
12.6;2;Watson to Ali, 2 runs drives a full ball very firmly through the off side, stayed on leg stump so he could free his arms, all along the ground wide of the sweeper;
12.5;1;Watson to Morgan, 1 run full at the stumps, driven down the ground;
12.4;?;Watson to Morgan, no run shuffles across his crease, Watson pushes it outside off and Morgan is beaten;
12.3;?;Watson to Morgan, no run driven in the air but short of cover;
12.2;6;Watson to Morgan, SIX runs what a shot! Astonishing power from Morgan, albeit to the shorter boundary, as he comes down the pitch. Watson saw him, dropped it shorter but Morgan was still able to muscle it over long-off with a cross-batted swing;
12.1;2;Watson to Morgan, 2 runs full outside off, skewed over point as Morgan tries clear the off side...the bat face turned in his hand;
11.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Ali, no run outside off, clubbed back to the bowler;
11.5;4;Coulter-Nile to Ali, FOUR runs gets right across his stumps this time, it's a fuller ball and his wrists come into play as he flicks it wide of short fine-leg. Hands on head for the bowler;
11.4;4;Coulter-Nile to Ali, FOUR runs fuller on middle and leg and that's sweetly picked up over the leg side, didn't try to hit that one too hard;
11.3;2;Coulter-Nile to Ali, 2 runs pulls a short ball, comes off the splice but falls into space over midwicket and long-on runs around;
11.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Morgan, 1 run a slower ball down the leg side, paddled out to deep square;
11.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Morgan, no run short of a length, cramps Morgan for room as he aims to play to the off side;
10.6;?;Marsh to Ali, no run another slower short ball, Moeen is defeated again as he tries to swing through the leg side...Marsh recovered well after those boundaries;
10.5;?;Marsh to Ali, no run back of a length at off stump, driven from the back foot into the covers;
10.4;?;Marsh to Ali, no run a slower bouncer now, outside off at 72mph, Moeen is through his pull far too early;
10.3;1;Marsh to Morgan, 1 run a lot of slower balls from Marsh, this one nudged into the leg side;
10.2;6;Marsh to Morgan, SIX runs ah, that's sweet! Gee, that made a good sound. Drills through the line of a fuller delivery and sends it perfectly straight down the ground;
10.1;4;Marsh to Morgan, FOUR runs he sounds the bugle, comes down the pitch and clubs a length delivery over mid-on...not clearly timed, off the bottom of the bat, but easily cleared mid-on;
9.6;1;Maxwell to Morgan, 1 run ends up cutting this delivery from well outside leg as he had moved so far to the on side, picks out deep cover;
9.5;1;Maxwell to Ali, 1 run width outside off, cut to deep cover;
9.4;1;Maxwell to Morgan, 1 run follows Morgan as he moves to the leg side, the pull comes from high on the bat and lobs down towards long-on;
9.3;1;Maxwell to Ali, 1 run sweeps a straight delivery to short fine leg;
9.2;1;Maxwell to Morgan, 1 run uses his feet, Maxwell drags the length back and Morgan can only nudge into the leg side...thought of a second for a moment as Wade chases it;
9.1;1;Maxwell to Ali, 1 run flicked from around off stump down to long-on;
8.6;1;Stoinis to Ali, 1 run fuller outside off, driven square out to deep point;
8.5;1;Stoinis to Morgan, 1 run another short ball, Morgan's pull is not as convincing as Moeen's earlier in the over, takes a top edge, but lands short of deep square;
8.4;1;Stoinis to Ali, 1 run gets this a little fuller, driven down to long-off;
8.3;4;Stoinis to Ali, FOUR runs short again, around off stump, sits up nicely and Moeen dismissively bludgeons him through straight midwicket;
8.2;6;Stoinis to Ali, SIX runs that's a mighty blow! Dragged down short, Moeen is already coming down the pitch and then he pulls it handsomely over deep square leg;
8.1;?;Stoinis to Ali, no run on a length at off stump, 74mph, pushed into the off side;
7.6;3;Maxwell to Ali, 3 runs drops short this time, Moeen latches on with a pull in front of square...Starc at deep square makes a good diving save, but then makes a bit of a best of trying to get the ball back. The batsmen take a third, and then Morgan has to dive to make his ground;
7.5;?;Maxwell to Ali, no run fired in at the pads, Moeen goes for a sweep but doesn't make contact and the ball bobbles to short fine leg;
7.4;1;Maxwell to Morgan, 1 run fuller at the stumps, driven down to long-off;
7.3;1;Maxwell to Ali, 1 run flicked through midwicket;
7.2;1;Maxwell to Morgan, 1 run slides on, Morgan exposes his stumps as he moves to the leg side but is able to cut to deep point;
7.1;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run round the wicket, touch short but Morgan cracks it straight to cover;
6.6;1;Marsh to Morgan, 1 run back of a length outside off, a cutter, chopped down to third man;
6.5;4;Marsh to Morgan, FOUR runs short ball at the body, Morgan swivels on a pull which goes very fine to one of the shorter, straight boundaries;
6.4;?;Marsh to Morgan, no run comes down the pitch then gets beaten on the under edge as he tries to play through the off side...ball travels over the stumps;
6.3;1;Marsh to Ali, 1 run tight on middle and off, slower at 75mph, pushed into the off side;
6.2;?;Marsh to Ali, no run drags the length back, pushed into the backward-point area;
6.1;4;Marsh to Ali, FOUR runs now Moeen goes over the off side, a flowing drive which he places wide of the point sweeper;
5.6;4;Cummins to Morgan, FOUR runs finds the gap this time, drives through the line and this time opens the face a fraction to place it wide of cover...that whistled off the bat;
5.5;?;Cummins to Morgan, no run excellent pressure being built as Morgan drives a full delivery to mid-off;
5.4;1;Cummins to Ali, 1 run direct hit! But Moeen's makes it with a dive. He picked out mid-off, again, with a drive but this time opted to sprint off for the run;
5.3;?;Cummins to Ali, no run fuller this time, another drive again finds mid-off;
5.2;?;Cummins to Ali, no run good length at off stump, 91mph, pushed firmly to mid-off;
5.1;?;Cummins to Ali, no run plays over the top of a full delivery outside off...91mph;
4.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Morgan, no run done for pace by a ball which slides across outside off;
4.5;3;Coulter-Nile to Ali, 3 runs that's a gorgeous piece of timing, punches a back-of-a-length delivery wide of mid-off but it's heading towards one of the long corners on the ground;
4.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Ali, no run a bouncer over leg stump, Moeen pulls out of an aggressive stroke;
4.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Morgan, 1 run hint of width, cut in the air through the vacant gully area to third man;
4.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Morgan, no run fuller at middle and off, 88mph, pushed firmly back down the pitch;
4.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Morgan, no run short of a length outside off, Morgan holds his bat inside the line and it goes through to Wade;
3.6;W;Cummins to Roy, OUT and another! Two in the over for Cummins. Roy tries to launch a length delivery over the off side, but gets more elevation that distance...still, took a very good catch by Coulter-Nile as he back-tracked from mid-off;Jason Roy c Coulter-Nile b Cummins 11 (19m 16b 1x4 0x6) SR: 68.75;
3.5;?;Cummins to Roy, no run confident drive from Roy as he strides forward to a full ball on off stump but picks out cover;
3.4;1;Cummins to Ali, 1 run yorker-length outside off, 93mph, that's some heat, and Moeen jabs it down to third man off the toe of the bat;
3.3;W;Cummins to Hales, OUT well, that's done it! 91mph, Hales done for pace. Another low full toss, Hales is late on the stroke, gets an inside edge onto the pads then into the stumps;Alex Hales b Cummins 3 (16m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 42.85;
3.2;?;Cummins to Hales, no run another big appeal! A full toss this time. Michael Gough shakes his head again. That looked a bit closer. Replays show it was missing leg.;
3.1;?;Cummins to Hales, no run appeal for lbw, a full ball spearing into the pads but that appeared to he shading down the leg side as Hales misses his whip to the leg side;
2.6;1;Starc to Hales, 1 run full at middle and off, 90mph, drop and run into the off side...a smart way to score off the good balls;
2.5;1;Starc to Roy, 1 run back to a full length and it's forced with a straight bat through midwicket but a strong throw from Stoinis keeps them to a single;
2.4;4;Starc to Roy, FOUR runs lovely stroke, a whip-pull by Roy as Starc drops short...placement was the key as he slotted it wide of the man at deep square;
2.3;?;Starc to Roy, no run full outside off, Roy was giving himself some room to leg so had to stretch for the delivery and couldn't make contact;
2.2;?;Starc to Roy, no run fuller this time, at the stumps, 90mph, driven into the leg side;
2.1;?;Starc to Roy, no run heaves a length delivery into the leg side but picks out the man in front of square;
1.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Roy, 1 run well bowled, a length ball nipping into him which he drops towards mid-on for a quick single;
1.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Hales, 1 run works with the angle coming into him, flicked into square leg;
1.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Hales, no run full at off stump, 86mph, defended to the leg side;
1.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Roy, 1 run uses his feet then swings through the line of a full delivery, skews off a thick outside edge and carries towards third man but lands in front of the fielder;
1.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Roy, no run short delivery, around middle and off, but not a full on bouncer...Roy is through his pull shot early and takes it in the stomach;
1.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Hales, 1 run on a length, angled into the pads, tucked out to deep square leg;
0.6;?;Starc to Roy, no run a wild swing and a miss to a length ball outside off...a lengthy, wayward over so costing seven isn't too bad a result for Australia;
0.5;?;Starc to Roy, no run spears into the pads, a strangled appeal for lbw but that pitched outside leg stump...did Roy a little for pace, though;
0.5;1w;Starc to Roy, 1 wide another one down the leg side, Starc's radar isn't in sync yet. Long over to start with;
0.4;?;Starc to Roy, no run full outside off, 89mph, through to the keeper;
0.3;2;Starc to Roy, 2 runs gets back around off stump, but that's a lovely piece of timing by Roy as he pushes forward and places it square through the covers...Warner chases it down well with a flick back just before the rope;
0.3;1w;Starc to Roy, 1 wide now that's flung very wide outside off, almost misses the cut strip;
0.3;1w;Starc to Roy, 1 wide some swing there, but started on the wrong line and slipped down the leg side;
0.2;2;Starc to Roy, 2 runs similar line and length, this time Roy cuts it behind point and wide of third man to get off the mark;
0.1;?;Starc to Roy, no run back of a length, pushed across Roy who leaves it alone...doubt we'll see many of them;

The bell has been rung by Wales rugby coach Warren Gatland, the action just a moment away. Here come the umpires followed by the players. Hales and Roy to open for England. Mitchell Starc with the first over...two slips in place
2.55pm Samrat Ahuja: "Where is Faulkner? Am i missing something? Injured/unavailable?" He was suspended by Cricket Australia following the drink-drive offence while playing for Lancashire this season
Melvin : "Don't rule out Billings just yet. His cameo was crucial for their win against Nz in their last t20." Another reason not to rule out Billings: he's young and has only just started his career.
For curiosity, here's Australia's XI from their previous T20 last November against South Africa: Dunk, Finch (c), Watson, Maddinson, Maxwell, White, Faulkner, Cummins, Abbott, Boyce, Bollinger
2.50pm Anshuman: "The healthy competition in the limited over squad place between James Vince and Jason Roy is very good for England cricket. Two superb lads with exceptional potential..."
Matt: "One day during a domestic one day match David Hussey described Stoinis as the next Jacques Kallis. You've got to aim high I guess." That's high praise
Matt Warwick: "Disappointed to see Vince miss out again. Excellent player and the Blast's leading run scorer this season."
Yoel: "If Faulkner wasn't banned, do you think he would have played today?" Yep, he'd be nailed on if he was available. Key player with the white ball.
2.45pm riad: "9 bowling option for australia (except warner and wade), how many teams have that much option?." Every player in the Australia XI who has played before has bowled in international cricket. And, of course, Stoinis can bowl
Aaditey: "Any of Billings' relative in the England selectors squad? I don't see him fitting in the squad at all." Tough school out there today. England like depth in the order. They still have a variety of bowling options.
2.40pm JR: "I thought they would've been given Starc the limited over series off so he could get his ankle sorted out. I guess not." Not sure he'll play every match.
Will be interesting to see Cameron Boyce, the legspinner, today. He's start his T20 career very well. And it's a long way to come for one game - he's not in the ODI squad.
Richard: "Billings is wasted at 7. As good as they are, I'd like to see him ahead of Stokes and Ali. Topley will be found out today - he's not international standard yet." Nice vote of confidence for him! Billings an interesting one. England might be flexible.
Suman: "who will open today with warner, stoinis or watto?.I will go with watto because he prove in IPL" Warner and Watson set to open.
2.30pm Australia have won the toss and will bowl. "We aren't sure what will be enough," says Smith.
Eoin Morgan says he would have batted. "I don't see conditions changing," he says. Morgan confirms that Topley will debut. Moeen Ali is back in place of the rested Joe Root.
England 1 Alex Hales, 2 Jason Roy, 3 Moeen Ali, 4 Eoin Morgan (capt), 5 Ben Stokes, 6 Jos Buttler (wk), 7 Sam Billings, 8 Adil Rashid, 9 David Willey, 10 Steven Finn, 11 Reece Topley
Australia 1 David Warner, 2 Shane Watson, 3 Steven Smith (capt), 4 Glenn Maxwell, 5 Mitchell Marsh, 6 Marcus Stoinis, 7 Matthew Wade (wk), 8 Nathan Coulter-Nile, 9 Mitchell Starc, 10 Cameron Boyce, 11 Pat Cummins
2.25pm Just a few moments away from the toss as the sun starts to burn through in south Wales. Glamorgan have had some drama surrounding their pitches of late, but not the one they are using today - it has already hosted the women's T20.
2.00pm Hello and welcome to our coverage of the T20 between England and Australia from Cardiff. Both teams have had time to reflect on the Ashes - Australia have been over to Ireland for an ODI - and now the focus is on white-ball cricket for a couple of weeks. I'm Andrew McGlashan and will bring you all the action today.
One bit of news we already have confirmed is that Marcus Stoinis will make his debut for Australia today. If you want to know a little more about him you can have a read of this.
The suggestion, meanwhile, is that James Vince and Chris Woakes miss out for England which would mean a debut for left-armer Reece Topley but we await confirmation. Eoin Morgan is back as captain, interestingly after a month off having withdrawn from Middlesex action. George Dobell assesses the significance of that decision.
 Innings Start
England win by five runs and they did exceptionally well to close out that game after Smith and Maxwell had put Australia in a strong position. Willey, Stokes and Topley, on debut, produced some telling overs at the death while Morgan marshalled his team expertly. Some calm fielding, too, when it mattered. A few of Australia's middle order are short of cricket and it showed towards the end. Overall, an enjoyable game of T20 that went down to the wire. Three outstanding innings from Smith, Moeen and Morgan. Man of the Match will be interesting.
Steven Smith "One of those games with similar innings, early wickets and two hundred stands. They were able to hit a few more boundaries than us. Credit Morgan and Moeen, they took the game away from us in the middle. The way to slow the rate is to take wickets, Maxi got out and we couldn't get another partnership. I'm not as strong as some of the other guys so have to try and find the gaps. We were in a pretty good position, the middle order just couldn't get a boundary away."
Eoin Morgan "It was brilliant, a very good game to win. You can learn a lot against such good opposition - Ben Stokes bowling the last over, so soon after a five Test series, was remarkable. Reece was very, very impressive. What we've seen in the nets, he looks really good. Ben was exceptional, we talked about getting a wicket with the first couple of balls. Getting that wicket put the onus on Australia. The attitude is when you take a wicket you have to make it count, Ben Stokes' catch changed the game. It was hard for the new guy coming in."
Moeen Ali is Man of the Match. "Great game, thought we bowled really well at the end. A felt we were 10-15 runs light, but at the death we were brilliant. The wicket was really good, nice to get some runs."
That just about wraps things up for today, thanks for joining us and see you for the first ODI on Thursday. For now, though, it's goodbye.
19.6;2;Stokes to Stoinis, 2 runs heaved into the leg side, it's not enough;
19.5;W;Stokes to Stoinis, 1 run, OUT another run out! England brilliant in this last over. Full at leg stump, drilled down to long on. They had to gamble on the second run but the return was quick and flat, Stokes was by the stumps and completes his second run out of the over;Pat Cummins run out (Roy/Stokes) 0 (1m 0b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
19.4;W;Stokes to Coulter-Nile, OUT falls first ball! Has a mighty swing at a length delivery, goes up the air towards short third man...Rashid calmly takes a few steps backwards and shallows the catch;Nathan Coulter-Nile c Rashid b Stokes 0 (4m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
19.3;1;Stokes to Stoinis, 1 run full and straight, driven straight to long-off, they won't get two here;
19.3;1w;Stokes to Stoinis, 1 wide oh dear, that's not good, a slower ball down the leg side...extra run, extra ball;
19.2;?;Stokes to Stoinis, no run well bowled! A yorker outside off, swing and a miss from Stoinis as he lifts his head on the shot;
19.1;W;Stokes to Wade, 1 run, OUT mix-up! A length ball is swung to long-off, Wade turned and, head down, wanted the second for Stoinis didn't fancy it and left his team-mate stranded. The throw was decent and Stokes whipped off the bails;Matthew Wade run out (Morgan/Stokes) 2 (5m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
18.6;1;Willey to Wade, 1 run back over the wicket, full and straight, driven to long-off;
18.5;1lb;Willey to Stoinis, 1 leg bye fuller this time, at the stumps, an aborted appeal for lbw...was going down;
18.4;4;Willey to Stoinis, FOUR runs places it between two men! Another short ball, Stoinis pulls strongly, in the air for most of the way and neither deep square or midwicket can quite get around;
18.3;W;Willey to Smith, OUT he's gone! Ten short of a hundred. Smith got too far underneath this as he aimed to clear deep midwicket. The ball went high, came off the bottom of the bat and his hand came off the handle...Billings takes the vital catch;Steven Smith c Billings b Willey 90 (70m 53b 7x4 4x6) SR: 169.81;
18.2;1;Willey to Stoinis, 1 run neatly played, gets inside the line and tucks it off his pads to long leg;
18.1;1;Willey to Smith, 1 run round the wicket, back of a length, connects well with a swing through midwicket but straight to the man in the deep;
17.6;1;Topley to Smith, 1 run yorker to finish with, down to long-off;
17.5;1;Topley to Stoinis, 1 run round the wicket, full at off stump, calmly pushed to long-on;
17.4;W;Topley to Marsh, OUT first wicket for Topley! A well disguised slower ball. Back of the hand, excellent control, Marsh is far too early on his stroke and bottom edges into his stumps;Mitchell Marsh b Topley 13 (16m 13b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
17.3;1;Topley to Smith, 1 run a slightly more ungainly pull this time down to long-on;
17.2;1;Topley to Marsh, 1 run clubbed to long-on;
17.1;4;Topley to Marsh, FOUR runs oh dear, that's a horrid misfield...Marsh drives firmly to long-off and Moeen lets it through his legs. His first mistake of the day;
16.6;1;Willey to Marsh, 1 run swung from outside off to deep midwicket;
16.5;1;Willey to Smith, 1 run back of a length, sliced in the air over cover to the sweeper;
16.4;?;Willey to Smith, no run a slower bouncer, Smith swings through his shot and gets beaten;
16.3;6;Willey to Smith, SIX runs that's even better from Smith, this time he stays on leg stump and drives it over deep cover into the stands...two wonderful pieces of batting;
16.2;4;Willey to Smith, FOUR runs brilliant invention from Smith, he moves across his crease and then pulls a short delivery from well outside off behind square on the leg side;
16.1;1;Willey to Marsh, 1 run full and straight, Marsh swings to the leg side and gets an inside edge to short fine leg;
15.6;1;Topley to Marsh, 1 run slower ball, dragged down short, Smith swings it to midwicket...good effort from Topley;
15.5;2;Topley to Marsh, 2 runs fired in at leg stump, flicked through midwicket and more good running brings another couple;
15.4;1;Topley to Smith, 1 run keeps it full at the stumps, low full toss this time, driven to deep cover;
15.3;2;Topley to Smith, 2 runs a yorker which is squeezed out square through the off side;
15.2;2;Topley to Smith, 2 runs length outside off, driven almost straight to deep cover but they still manage a second...ah, Billings slipped a little;
15.1;?;Topley to Smith, no run full outside off, Smith loses his shape and mistimes back to the bowler;
14.6;?;Stokes to Marsh, no run full at off stump, driven sweetly off the front foot but straight to mid-off;
14.5;2;Stokes to Marsh, 2 runs short of a length, angled into the hip, flicked away between deep square and long leg;
14.4;?;Stokes to Marsh, no run full at off stump, 88mph, pushed to cover;
14.3;1;Stokes to Smith, 1 run gets this fuller, slugged down the ground to long-on;
14.2;4;Stokes to Smith, FOUR runs dropped short, too much of that from England's quicks today, and Smith slots it away over midwicket with a front-foot pull;
14.1;?;Stokes to Smith, no run back of a length outside off, pushed square to point;
13.6;1;Ali to Smith, 1 run flicked off the stumps out to deep midwicket...the over England needed;
13.5;1;Ali to Marsh, 1 run worked down the ground to long-on;
13.4;?;Ali to Marsh, no run gets across the crease to a slightly shorter ball, takes the pad to the leg side;
13.3;?;Ali to Marsh, no run on off stump, defended;
13.2;1;Ali to Smith, 1 run nudged into the leg side;
13.1;W;Ali to Maxwell, OUT watch a catch! He's struck first ball. But it's all down to Ben Stokes. It was a short ball, Maxwell fluffed his pull but it was still travelling wide of long on before Stokes ran around, diving to his right and pulled off a blinder;Glenn Maxwell c Stokes b Ali 44 (44m 32b 6x4 1x6) SR: 137.5;
12.6;2;Finn to Smith, 2 runs short outside off, clubbed wide of Morgan at cover and it's another brace;
12.5;1;Finn to Maxwell, 1 run blocked from off stump into the covers...more sensible batting;
12.4;1;Finn to Smith, 1 run short of a length, pulled along the ground to deep square;
12.3;6;Finn to Smith, SIX runs that's huge! That made the perfect 'crack' off the bat as Smith swung a length delivery into the pavilion at deep square-leg. Blimey, that was big;
12.2;2;Finn to Smith, 2 runs a rather ungainly heave through the leg side but it's quite effective, almost reaches the boundary but Billings produces an outstanding piece of work as he slides around the boundary;
12.1;2;Finn to Smith, 2 runs length outside off, carved through the covers wide of the sweeper;
11.6;2;Rashid to Maxwell, 2 runs pushed gently through midwicket and the soft placement gives them the chance to come back for a second;
11.5;1;Rashid to Smith, 1 run driven to deep cover;
11.4;4;Rashid to Smith, FOUR runs he's drilled that straight down the ground, more swift footwork and he took it from outside off straight of long-on...a very good fifty from 30 balls;
11.3;?;Rashid to Smith, no run full outside off, driven to cover;
11.2;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run gets this fuller, on leg stump, calmly pushed down the ground...mature batting;
11.1;6;Rashid to Maxwell, SIX runs short ball is costly, a freebie to Maxwell as he rocks back and pulls it high into the stands over deep square leg;
10.6;1;Stokes to Maxwell, 1 run deft batting this time, short outside off and Maxwell late cuts to third man;
10.5;1lb;Stokes to Smith, 1 leg bye short into the body, 88mph, takes Smith's body down by his feet...Maxwell calls him through, Stokes shows his football skills by kicking into the stumps;
10.4;4;Stokes to Smith, FOUR runs superb batting, a slower ball outside off, Smith waits a fraction longer for it then drives square through the off side to beat deep point;
10.3;2;Stokes to Smith, 2 runs another short one, pulled through midwicket but not out of the middle;
10.2;?;Stokes to Smith, no run comes down the pitch outside leg stump and has a wild swing at a length delivery;
10.1;2;Stokes to Smith, 2 runs short again, pulled behind square...good piece of fielding and a strong throw from Finn means Smith has to get the dive out . He's fully airborne, brilliant effort, and he gets home;
9.6;1;Rashid to Smith, 1 run driven off the back foot to long-off;
9.5;2;Rashid to Smith, 2 runs dragged down short outside off, Smith fetches it and pulls through midwicket wide of long-on;
9.4;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run flicks a straight delivery into the leg side;
9.3;2;Rashid to Maxwell, 2 runs on leg stump, goes for the sweep, gets it very fine and Finn is just able to catch up with it;
9.2;1;Rashid to Smith, 1 run straight down the ground again, not quite the power this time, and long-off comes around;
9.1;6;Rashid to Smith, SIX runs put down in the crowd as Smith uses his feet then launches Rashid over long-on...wasn't quite to the pitch, but just went through with the stroke;
8.6;1;Stokes to Smith, 1 run not far off another catch to third man as Smith flashes hard at width outside off, but it goes one bounce to Rashid;
8.5;4;Stokes to Smith, FOUR runs excellent placement as he pulls a short ball through square leg...bisects the two men in the deep;
8.4;1lb;Stokes to Maxwell, 1 leg bye tucked off the hip...ah, again no bat involved;
8.3;1lb;Stokes to Smith, 1 leg bye aims to flick a back-of-a-length delivery and it takes the thigh pad behind square;
8.2;1;Stokes to Maxwell, 1 run gets across onto off stump and tucks through midwicket;
8.1;1;Stokes to Smith, 1 run short of a length at off stump, shovelled round the corner to short fine leg;
7.6;1;Rashid to Smith, 1 run a shorter delivery which slides into Smith who sends it through midwicket with a straight bat;
7.5;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run waits for this outside off and cuts to deep cover;
7.4;1;Rashid to Smith, 1 run full at the stumps, pushed to long-off...fifty stand in 35 balls;
7.3;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run Yorkshire to Yorkshire, straighter delivery which is eased down the ground;
7.2;1;Rashid to Smith, 1 run slow, loopy outside off, Smith drives down to long off;
7.1;?;Rashid to Smith, no run full outside off, driven firmly to cover who makes a good save;
6.6;4;Topley to Maxwell, FOUR runs that's a sweet pull, Maxwell is up and running, Topley drops it short and it gets dispatched in front of square;
6.5;?;Topley to Maxwell, no run short of a length at middle and leg, worked to midwicket;
6.4;4;Topley to Maxwell, FOUR runs gets this past deep cover, could Hales have done better? Driven square through point. Yes, Hales made a bit of a mess of that;
6.3;1;Topley to Smith, 1 run close with a direct hit! A slower ball outside off, dropped towards point. Stokes quickly and has an under-arm flick. Very tight, but he missed the stums;
6.2;1;Topley to Maxwell, 1 run back of a length outside off, driven to deep cover;
6.1;4;Topley to Maxwell, FOUR runs that's a wild mow across the line, gets an inside edge past the stumps to fine leg;
5.6;?;Finn to Smith, no run drives at a full delivery and bottom edges into his boot;
5.5;1lb;Finn to Maxwell, 1 leg bye nips back off a length and takes the thigh pad behind square on the off side;
5.4;?;Finn to Maxwell, no run short ball at the body, pulled straight to midwicket...seemed to hurry on a little;
5.3;?;Finn to Maxwell, no run gives himself room to the leg side and then gets beaten by a very full delivery which he tries to drive;
5.2;1;Finn to Smith, 1 run whips this from well outside off to deep square;
5.1;6;Finn to Smith, SIX runs fantastic stroke, a glorious straight six by Smith as he lofts a full delivery towards the short boundary;
4.6;?;Topley to Maxwell, no run can't get through the off side, drives a back-of-a-length delivery to cover...good start from Topley;
4.5;?;Topley to Maxwell, no run a clean piece of work this time from Roy at cover as Smith drives with his bottom hand coming off the bat;
4.4;1;Topley to Smith, 1 run gets away with a short ball as Smith flays it to cover who parries it away for a single;
4.3;4;Topley to Smith, FOUR runs just over mid-on! Smith drives a full delivery and manages to evade Willey who had come in a few paces. Was a slower ball out of the back of the hand;
4.2;?;Topley to Smith, no run fuller outside off, 81mph, Smith stays on the back foot and drives square to point;
4.1;?;Topley to Smith, no run left arm over, back of a length at off stump, driven to cover;
3.6;?;Finn to Maxwell, no run short of a length, Maxwell goes for a pull but just gets taken on the pad;
3.5;1;Finn to Smith, 1 run super fielding by Stokes, driven on the up into backward point and he flings himself low to his left to cut off a boundary...almost made it a blinding catch, to;
3.4;4;Finn to Smith, FOUR runs short on off stump, Smith gets inside the line and pulls behind square...had some much time;
3.3;1;Finn to Maxwell, 1 run goes for a booming drive to a full delivery, gets an inside edge into the pads...starts off for a run, would have been tight with a direct hit, then he gets an overthrow as Stokes pings his shy to deep square;
3.2;?;Finn to Maxwell, no run drags the length back, 84mph, on middle and off, defended;
3.1;4;Finn to Maxwell, FOUR runs full and straight, drilled down the ground with plenty of bottom hand...didn't try to over-hit, just slotted it back past the bowler;
2.6;1;Willey to Maxwell, 1 run clipped off the pads to deep square;
2.5;4;Willey to Maxwell, FOUR runs swivels on a pull which goes backward of square...a very well-controlled stroke, not brute force;
2.4;?;Willey to Maxwell, no run plenty going on here! A good ball from Willey, short of a length, which nips back at Maxwell who fends it towards slip. Smith races up for a single but Maxwell isn't moving and Smith has to sprint back. The throw is wild in any event;
2.3;4;Willey to Maxwell, FOUR runs width outside off and it's hammered through square cover as Maxwell frees his arms;
2.2;?;Willey to Maxwell, no run defended to the off side;
2.1;1;Willey to Smith, 1 run clipped through square leg;
1.6;?;Finn to Maxwell, no run;
1.5;W;Finn to Watson, OUT dragged on! Oh Watto! Would you believe it. A good length ball from Finn which he defended down by his feet. It them bobbles back towards the stumps, Watson tries to kick it away but misses and can only watch as the ball dislodged a bail;Shane Watson b Finn 8 (8m 5b 2x4 0x6) SR: 160;
1.4;4;Finn to Watson, FOUR runs lovely stroke, effortless as he drives a full delivery wide of mid-off...a bit floaty from Finn;
1.3;?;Finn to Watson, no run a bouncer, over off stump, close to a wide but Finn gets away with it;
1.2;?;Finn to Watson, no run good comeback from Finn, fuller outside off and nips away off the seam to beat Watson as he plays away from his body;
1.1;4;Finn to Watson, FOUR runs short of a length outside off, Watson latches on with a thumping front-foot pull through straight midwicket;
0.6;W;Willey to Warner, OUT gone! Taken at third man! Curious dismissal, but not entirely dissimilar to a couple of the Test dismissals when he was out pulling. Was a shorter delivery, Warner wanted to play into the leg side and got into a bit of a tangle, the ball took the thick leading edge and carried easily to Finn as he took a few paces in;David Warner c Finn b Willey 4 (5m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
0.5;2;Willey to Warner, 2 runs full delivery, Warner lofts it over the off side but without quite his full power;
0.4;?;Willey to Warner, no run flicked from off stump into midwicket;
0.3;?;Willey to Warner, no run big appeal for lbw, but that looked high and leg-side...good ball, though, nipped back off a length and Warner just fell across the shot;
0.2;2;Willey to Warner, 2 runs gets this through the in field, comes onto the front foot and drives between cover and mid-off;
0.1;?;Willey to Warner, no run back of a length outside off, takes the toe of the bat towards cover;

We are just about ready for the chase...Warner and Watson to open for Australia. If they win this, it will be their second-highest T20 chase ever. David Willey with the opening over...
 Innings Start
England
Australia
Only T20I, Cardiff, Aug 31 2015, Australia tour of England and Ireland
182/5
177/8
Player of the match is Moeen Ali, ENG
England won by 5 runs
