Data
So some good bowling by India in the last three overs, which have gone for 29, but Australia really plundered in the seven overs before that. Australia scored 88 runs in those seven overs. Watson ends up with the second-highest score in T20 internationals. India need 198 for a clean sweep. This promises to be an exciting chase. We will bring it all to you
19.6;2;Bumrah to Watson, 2 runs full and straight again, Watson has dug this out towards deep square leg. He risks the second, and Pandya fumbles to allow them an easy second;
19.5;2;Bumrah to Watson, 2 runs full and straight, Watson fails to get under it, and Dhoni has missed another run-out. Jadeja's throw is really quick, but is slightly full. Dhoni has to be quick to collect and whip the bails off, but he mistimes his collection and is hit on the finger. Looks like he has hurt himself;
19.4;W;Bumrah to Lynn, OUT lovely bowling by Bumrah and a lovely catch by Jadeja. Follows Lynn with a full ball as Lynn back away. Lynn manages to scoop it towards cow corner, but Jadeja makes a lot of ground to his right from deep midwicket and takes this with a dive;Chris Lynn c Jadeja b Bumrah 13 (12m 9b 2x4 0x6) SR: 144.44;
19.3;4;Bumrah to Lynn, FOUR runs finally Lynn gets under a low full toss, and drags it to deep midwicket for four to the big leg-side boundary;
19.2;1;Bumrah to Watson, 1 run full toss, gets a little big on him, hits him high on the bat and goes just for the single to long-off. excellent bowling from Bumrah. Watson now has the highest score by a T20I captain;
19.1;1lb;Bumrah to Lynn, 1 leg bye quick, into the pads, nearly a yorker, goes just for the leg-bye;
18.6;1;Nehra to Lynn, 1 run Nehra misses the length but Lynn fails to capitalise. Hits a half-volley straight to long-off for one;
18.5;1;Nehra to Watson, 1 run full, outside off, steered to point for one. Ashwin doesn't attempt the direct hit;
18.4;6;Nehra to Watson, SIX runs misses his length, just short of a yorker, and Watson gets under it to wallop it over long-on for another six;
18.3;1;Nehra to Lynn, 1 run another low full toss, dragged to deep midwicket for one;
18.2;1;Nehra to Watson, 1 run low full toss, can't get under it, and gets only the single to long-on;
18.1;1;Nehra to Lynn, 1 run low full toss, hit into his own toe by Lynn. Nehra gets away with it;
17.6;1;Bumrah to Lynn, 1 run low full toss into the pads, concedes just the single to deep midwicket;
17.5;1;Bumrah to Watson, 1 run lovely bowling from wide on the crease and low into the toes of Watson. They steal one but he has denied Watson a boundary this over;
17.4;1;Bumrah to Lynn, 1 run low full toss, hit straight to extra cover where Ashwin decides against going for the direct hit, which can get Lynn out;
17.3;4;Bumrah to Lynn, FOUR runs too straight as Bumrah goes short of a length, and Lynn has deftly deflected it fine of short fine leg. Good awareness of the field;
17.2;1;Bumrah to Watson, 1 run low full toss, but he has bowled to his field. Concedes the single to long-off;
17.1;?;Bumrah to Watson, no run lovely yorker, on the crease, dug out straight to extra cover;
16.6;W;Jadeja to Head, OUT fires in a yorker at 102ks, and squeezes it under Head's bat to knock the middle stump over. Some solace for Jadeja after he was put on a hiding to nothing bowling to a set Watson with the short leg-side boundary;Travis Head b Jadeja 26 (32m 19b 1x4 1x6) SR: 136.84;
16.5;1;Jadeja to Watson, 1 run Watson targets the short leg boundary, but Jadeja is too wide, and he toe-ends it to long-on for one;
16.4;6;Jadeja to Watson, SIX runs and Watson is threatening du Plessis's record now. Wide half-volley, Watson is on a knee, and crashes this over long-off for another six. This is carnage now;
16.3;4;Jadeja to Watson, FOUR runs meanwhile Watson has become the second Australian to score a T20I century. Sweeps this flat delivery into the short leg-side boundary. A stiff effort from Yuvraj at the fence, and Watson has his arms aloft. What an effort leading from the front;
16.2;2;Jadeja to Watson, 2 runs flat outside off, punched straight of deep cover for two;
16.1;6;Jadeja to Watson, SIX runs low full toss and with a short leg-side boundary for Watson. That is asking to be hit. He has slog-swept this for a six;
15.6;?;Ashwin to Head, no run Head targets the short leg-side boundary again, but Ashwin squeezes under his bat with a full and wide floater. Just inside the tram lines;
15.5;1;Ashwin to Watson, 1 run swept away to deep midwicket for one;
15.4;?;Ashwin to Watson, no run tries the big sweep, but Ashwin beats him with a quicker one and hits the pad;
15.3;6;Ashwin to Watson, SIX runs Watson goes over the sight screen. Ashwin has been bowling in the blind spot outside leg to Watson so far, but for the first time he bowls it in the zone, on a length, on off, and he has hit it straight over the sight screen for a six;
15.2;1;Ashwin to Head, 1 run full outside off, dug out to long-off for one;
15.1;1;Ashwin to Watson, 1 run full outside leg, swept to deep square for one;
14.6;1;Jadeja to Watson, 1 run low full toss, drilled hard to deep midwicket;
14.5;1;Jadeja to Head, 1 run driven to long-on for one;
14.4;2;Jadeja to Head, 2 runs lovely fielding by Pandya. Saves four runs. Head slogs this towards deep midwicket, Pandya goes as far back as he can, and leaps to catch this overhead, but the momentum is taking him over the boundary so he just drops this back into the field with both his feet in the air and beyond the boundary. Excellent awareness;
14.3;1;Jadeja to Watson, 1 run another full toss, but he has mis-hit it to long-on for one;
14.2;6;Jadeja to Watson, SIX runs full toss, and this will do good for Watson. He has launched this over long-on;
14.1;2;Jadeja to Watson, 2 runs and Dhoni has missed a run-out. Watson runs the second on the misfield at deep cover. Pandya's throw is by the stumps, Watson is struggling, but Dhoni doesn't even try to collect it cleanly. He thinks he doesn't even time to make a regulation collection and whip the bails. He tries his deflection but it doesn't work;
13.6;1;Ashwin to Watson, 1 run quicker ball, pitches outside leg, swept to deep square leg for one;
13.5;1;Ashwin to Head, 1 run short and wide, cut away to deep cover for one. Might have been a wide had he not played;
13.4;2;Ashwin to Head, 2 runs floats this one wide as he sees him step out. Head chips this over extra cover for a couple;
13.3;1;Ashwin to Watson, 1 run low full toss outside leg, swept for a single;
13.2;2;Ashwin to Watson, 2 runs shimmy down the wicket to work a length ball into the long leg-side boundary. Pandya is a little slow, and Watson takes the second. Dhoni lets him know that he was caught on his heels a little there;
13.2;1w;Ashwin to Watson, 1 wide big wide outside leg. Beats Watson's sweep;
13.1;1;Ashwin to Head, 1 run low full toss, dug out for a single into the off side;
12.6;2;Hardik to Watson, 2 runs full and wide again, Watson has driven this to the left of Kohli at deep cover, and comes back for an easy second;
12.5;4;Hardik to Watson, FOUR runs this time Watson goes to the short leg boundary. He moves across early, and Pandya looks to bowl closer to the stumps too. Slugs the low full toss away for four;
12.4;?;Hardik to Watson, no run this time he gets the line right. Just inside the tram line. Watson looks to steer this full ball fine, but is beaten;
12.4;1w;Hardik to Watson, 1 wide another big wide outside off. Perhaps a change of plan?;
12.4;1w;Hardik to Watson, 1 wide too wide, and this Watson doesn't go for it. He will have to rebowl it;
12.3;4;Hardik to Watson, FOUR runs another wide full toss, and this time Watson has placed this straight of Kohli at deep cover;
12.2;2;Hardik to Watson, 2 runs Kohli has dropped Watson. Firstly this is a wide ball that Watson has played at, and it is a low full toss, which he has hit in the air towards deep cover. Kohli charges in but charges in too far, and is on the move when it hits him high on the hand and pops out;
12.1;1;Hardik to Head, 1 run slower ball, full, pitches out leg, Pandya is lucky Head has found short fine leg;
11.6;1;Yuvraj to Head, 1 run down the wicket to drive it to long-on for one;
11.5;?;Yuvraj to Head, no run short of a length, outside off, and he looks to work this to leg again. To the left it goes, and Yuvraj puts in a dive to keep them to a dot;
11.4;4;Yuvraj to Head, FOUR runs Head is going leg side no matter what. Drags this slog sweep from way outside off, and places it through cow corner for four;
11.3;6;Yuvraj to Head, SIX runs short square boundary on the leg side, and Head has slog-swept a length ball for six over straight midwicket;
11.2;1;Yuvraj to Watson, 1 run flatter, not short enough to be pulled, mis-hits this to deep midwicket for one;
11.1;2;Yuvraj to Watson, 2 runs Watson bunts this into the leg side with soft hands and takes the best arm in the team on. Jadeja hares in from deep midwicket and lets in a rocket throw inches away from the stumps. Lovely work by Dhoni too, who doesn't even collect it completely, but just almost deflects it on. Watson in by inches;
10.6;1;Hardik to Watson, 1 run full and wide, just inside the tram line, driven to deep cover for one;
10.5;1;Hardik to Head, 1 run short of a length, not much room, but he has steered it square of third man for one;
10.4;?;Hardik to Head, no run on a length, middle and leg, angling to off, defended from the crease;
10.3;1;Hardik to Watson, 1 run wide length ball, just inside the tram line, Watson drives on the up, gets a single to deep cover;
10.3;1w;Hardik to Watson, 1 wide wide length ball, but unlike Lynn in game one, Watwon has the presence of mind to not go chasing;
10.2;4;Hardik to Watson, FOUR runs short and wide, gentle pace, cut away for four. Watson reaches 50. Australia might need another 50 from him;
10.1;1;Hardik to Head, 1 run short of a length, on the pads, worked away to long leg;
9.6;1;Yuvraj to Head, 1 run flat length ball, pushed into the leg side for one;
9.5;1;Yuvraj to Watson, 1 run flat again, punched into the leg side for one;
9.4;?;Yuvraj to Watson, no run flatter, quicker one. Down the pads, and hits him on the pad as he tries to sweep;
9.3;1;Yuvraj to Head, 1 run short and wide, but the ball doesn't come on, and the cut is mistimed for a single;
9.2;2;Yuvraj to Head, 2 runs misfielded by Raina at point, it allows them two runs;
9.1;W;Yuvraj to Maxwell, OUT and Yuvraj has found a new bunny after KP. First ball Maxwell looks to will a shot over extra cover, but the thing with Yuvraj is, he gives you no pace to work with. Maxwell gets no power behind this shot, and finds the man at extra cover;Glenn Maxwell c Raina b Yuvraj Singh 3 (5m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 60;
8.6;?;Jadeja to Watson, no run full and wide, just inside the tram line. Watson leaves it alone. This is almost a yorker length, but Dhoni has collected it clean. Superb take;
8.5;1;Jadeja to Maxwell, 1 run roundarm again, slower in the air, bunted into the leg side for one;
8.4;1;Jadeja to Watson, 1 run full, outside off, driven to long-off for one;
8.3;?;Jadeja to Watson, no run roundarm, 96ks again, middle and off, defended back to him;
8.2;1;Jadeja to Maxwell, 1 run low full toss, 96ks, dug out into the leg side for a single;
8.1;?;Jadeja to Maxwell, no run on a length, middle and off, defended back;
7.6;2;Ashwin to Watson, 2 runs fullish, flattish, on the pads, bunted into the leg side, the bigger boundary, and has played it softly enough to be able to come back for two;
7.5;1;Ashwin to Maxwell, 1 run full, on the pads, watchfully deflected away for a single;
7.4;W;Ashwin to Marsh, OUT slower through the air, tempting Marsh, who pays for it. Looks for the big slog sweep, but the ball doesn't quite arrive. He is well early into the shot, and is bowled;Shaun Marsh b Ashwin 9 (22m 12b 1x4 0x6) SR: 75;
7.3;1;Ashwin to Watson, 1 run swept away from middle and leg for a single;
7.2;1;Ashwin to Marsh, 1 run down the wicket, beaten in the flight, but drops this at his toes for one;
7.1;4;Ashwin to Marsh, FOUR runs just short of a length, barely, and Marsh sees it early, goes back and back-cuts it between point and short third man for four;
6.6;4;Jadeja to Watson, FOUR runs wide half-volley, slower than usual, and Watson latches on, driving it over extra cover for four;
6.5;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run full and fast, dug out for a single to leg;
6.4;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run on a length, on off, punched to midwicket. Three dots. Something building up;
6.3;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run flatter, outside off, steered straight to short third;
6.2;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run flat, quick, 99ks, turning in, takes the inside edge on to the pad;
6.1;1;Jadeja to Watson, 1 run down the wicket to drive a full ball to long-off for one;
5.6;?;Ashwin to Marsh, no run flat length ball, looks to late-cut it, but finds the man at point;
5.5;3;Ashwin to Watson, 3 runs flatter, on a length, and he goes back to back-cut it past point for three;
5.4;?;Ashwin to Watson, no run full, on off, drilled straight to mid-off;
5.3;4;Ashwin to Watson, FOUR runs down the wicket to take this on a half-volley and drive it over mid-off for four;
5.2;?;Ashwin to Watson, no run low full toss, swept straight to square leg;
5.1;2;Ashwin to Watson, 2 runs on a length, middle and leg, pushed wide of long-on for two;
4.6;2;Nehra to Marsh, 2 runs on a length, angling in, worked to leg for two;
4.5;1;Nehra to Watson, 1 run low full toss, driven to mid-on for one. A direct hit would have got him. Dhawan is the fielder;
4.4;?;Nehra to Watson, no run on a length, driven on the up, but straight to short cover;
4.3;?;Nehra to Watson, no run on a length, on off, opens the face again, but this time he has placed it straight to the man at point;
4.2;4;Nehra to Watson, FOUR runs another lovely shot from Watson. Slower ball, short of a length, on off, angling away, and Watson threads the gap between short third man and point with a back cut;
4.1;4;Nehra to Watson, FOUR runs lovely shot from Watson. Slower length ball, on off, angling away, Watson drives it over extra cover;
3.6;1;Bumrah to Watson, 1 run on a length, outside off, dabs it for a single towards short third man;
3.5;1lb;Bumrah to Marsh, 1 leg bye angling in, bunted into the leg side for one;
3.4;1;Bumrah to Watson, 1 run length ball outside off, pushes it for a single;
3.3;4;Bumrah to Watson, FOUR runs no he won't. Another low full toss, and Watson dries him to the left of extra cover this time. Expensive mistakes;
3.3;5nb;Bumrah to Watson, (no ball) FOUR runs Bumrah misses his length by six inches, and he has been punished. Low full toss, Watson makes room to drive it between mid-off and extra cover. He has overstepped again;
3.3;1nb;Bumrah to Watson, (no ball) skiddy delivery. Short of a length, outside off, beats Watson's cut. But hang on, Bumrah has overstepped;
3.2;?;Bumrah to Watson, no run length ball, angling in, Watson looks for the big drive, inside-edges it on to the pad;
3.1;?;Bumrah to Watson, no run short of a length, just outside off, punched straight to point;
2.6;1;Nehra to Watson, 1 run shortish, rocks back to cut this to third man for one;
2.5;6;Nehra to Watson, SIX runs Watson exploits the short boundary. Just short of a length, and Watson rocks back to pull it just over the midwicket boundary for six;
2.4;1;Nehra to Marsh, 1 run short of a length, outside off, steered to third man for one;
2.3;?;Nehra to Marsh, no run length ball, on off, defended;
2.2;W;Nehra to Khawaja, OUT and Khawaja is gone. Lovely delivery from Nehra. Khawaja goes without facing a dot. It's the first time he might have got out for under fifty in a long long time. Nehra gets this length ball to hold its line, Khawaja's defensive push is not the greatest, and the outside edge carries to Dhoni. Just the right ball: not driving length, not to be pulled, and he defends just with the hands. Doesn't get close to the ball;Usman Khawaja c ?Dhoni b Nehra 14 (10m 6b 2x4 0x6) SR: 233.33;
2.1;1;Nehra to Watson, 1 run slower ball, short of a length, runs this down to third man for one;
1.6;2;Bumrah to Khawaja, 2 runs another boundary? Tucked away off the pad again, beats short fine leg easily, and Ashwin dives after running to his left from deep square leg. Has he kept it in? Called two so Ashwin has made the save. Well done;
1.5;4;Bumrah to Khawaja, FOUR runs he is getting four for this. Oh my word he is getting four for this. I swear this is just tucked away gentle off the pads, but it has beaten square leg inside the circle, and the boundary on that side is really short;
1.4;4;Bumrah to Khawaja, FOUR runs middled it again. Chest high short ball pulled away for four over square leg;
1.3;1;Bumrah to Watson, 1 run Watson gets off the mark, steers a shortish ball towards third man;
1.2;?;Bumrah to Watson, no run short of a length, wide, Watson tries the cut and is beaten. Watson is 0 off 6 balls;
1.1;3;Bumrah to Khawaja, 3 runs Khawaja continues to middle everything and continues to place everything. Full outside off, driven between cover and extra cover;
0.6;?;Nehra to Watson, no run slower ball, hits the outside edge of the big Watson wind-up. Just that at the last moment he reduces the bat speed, which means the edge is soft;
0.5;?;Nehra to Watson, no run short of a length, on off, defended off the front foot;
0.4;?;Nehra to Watson, no run length ball angling across him after having swung two balls back in. Beats an attempted dab;
0.3;?;Nehra to Watson, no run full and wide, nearly a half-volley, driven to short cover;
0.2;?;Nehra to Watson, no run on a length, pitches outside off, tails towards off, defended with an open face;
0.1;1;Nehra to Khawaja, 1 run swing first up, but Khawaja has middled it just like he has been in the BBL. Gets a single to third man;

We are ready to go. Marsh has been pushed down the order. Watson and Khawaja to open. Nehra to bowl. One slip in place
6.55pm Excellent analysis on Star Sports by the insightful Shoaib Akhtar. He says Jasprit Bumrah, just like himself, has an arm that hyperextends and gives him flexibility on the arm which allows him the extra "whiplash" effect when he bowls. It allows him the nip and the pace. And Shoaib thinks as Bumrah grows older his joints will get more rigid and he will gain pace
6.50pm Just getting to hear the match begins at7.15pm tonight. Apologies for misinformation
6.46pm We have the toss already, and MS Dhoni has called wrong. Australia are batting first. Shane Watson, debutant captain, reports on five changes: Khawaja in for Finch, Bancroft in for Wade, Head for Faulkner, Boyce for Lyon and Tait for Hastings
India would have batted had they won the toss. The same XI for India. "I have not seen too many series where the top order has batted so well," MS Dhoni says
There is still 50 minutes to go to ball one
6.40pm Oops, Cameron Bancroft will make his debut too. Thanks to Nikhil Mane for that correction
Jiten Surtani: "Hi Sidharth ! I may not be an expert, but a suggestion nevertheless. How about starting commentary on a sort of positive note - like "Try-New-Youngsters" game today... sounds slightly better than starting of with Dead Rubber Time. Honest suggestion, not criticism ! "
6.30pm Dead rubber time, but we can inform you that Usman Khawaja has already received his T20 international cap. Only one debutant today - a slow day - but also Shane Watson will become one of the few Australians to have captained in all three formats. He is doing so because Aaron Finch is out injured. Toss in 38 minutes
 Innings Start
That is the end of a hectic Indian tour of Australia. Those bowlers can rest a bit now. Batsmen have got flat pitches and good bats, but they deserve some of the credit for their ruthlessness too. It was good fun bringing it to you. Cricinfo bids goodbye now
"Lot of credit to the bowlers," says MS Dhoni. "In the ODI series the batsmen were doing well, we needed the extra 10% from the bowlers. That has changed with Bumrah coming in and others getting their act together. Yes, the batsmen have taken it up a notch, but it is the bowlers who have done their job better, which has made the difference. There might be one or two changes based on the conditions in the World T20, but this is roughly what our T20 side will look like."
"They certainly are special," says Shane Watson, Man of the Match. "They showed it to us in the one-day series as well. we put up the big score to give ourselves a big score, but couldn't get ourselves over the line. At this point of time I am loving every minute of playing for Australia. The privilege to captain the team was great although it was a bit hectic at time. I do enjoy my batting. I blocked the ball a bit too much early, but it was a pleasure to bat with Uzzie. Can't believe he got out. We have got the world-class players, there is no reason why we can't have a successful World T20. Just need to chalk out the roles..."
"Indeed, reads sweet," says Virat Kohli, Man of the Series. "We decided before Sydney one-dayer that we want to finish the tour 4-all. Just because we played so well earlier but didn't get on the board. I was disappointed when I got out because I wanted to finish the game off. I challenge myself to finish them off when I chase. The way Yuvi and Raina, both of them coming back, finished it off, credit to their character. (Rohit starts dancing midway because Kohli is asked about him). I have said this many times that I am a big fan of Rohit. The time he has got, and the miles he can hit the ball..."
Surely there are thousands of Twitter jokes about Yuvraj being deleted furiously right now? But boy did he dig himself a hole here? The wheel turned with two gentle length balls at the start of the last over, but to hit them clean out of the crews under such pressure... India have moved from No. 8 at the start of this series to No. 1 after this whitewash. So they are No. 1 in both Tests and T20Is. Credit to Bumrah too for those tight overs in the end when Australia looked like could go well past 200. Yet another first-innings centurion ends up on the losing side. Not sure you could ask Watson to do much more. Scored an unbeaten century, took a wicket in his first over, captained the side, and conceded just five in the 19th over. He also left Yuvraj on strike. At the start of the 20th over, India needed 17 runs and Yuvraj was 5 off 9 and still googling the middle of his bat. Then he got two length balls on the pads. Pressure got to Tye, but the veteran batsman produced the goods. Credit will go to Sharma and Kohli for their aggressive fifties, which provided Yuvraj the luxury of those dot balls. He will be one relieved man
19.6;4;Tye to Raina, FOUR runs Raina can celebrate now. Cool as a cucumber. Yuvraj can sigh in relief. Tye goes short of a length, looks to cramp him up, but Raina makes room to punch this wristily over point for four. Raina punches the air, jumps in the air, Yuvraj lifts him on his shoulder, Raina pats his back. What is Bancroft thinking?;
19.5;2;Tye to Raina, 2 runs full toss on the pads, and for a moment it seems Raina has hit this for four. Flicks this past the diving square leg. Raina starts to celebrate already, but it doesn't go for four. Did they lose a chance to take the third because he began his celebrations prematurely?;
19.4;2;Tye to Raina, 2 runs yorker, on the pads, placed into the leg side for a couple. India on target. Australia need a dot;
19.3;1b;Tye to Yuvraj, 1 bye Bancroft misses again. Slower offcutter, beats Yuvraj's shot, but Raina steals the bye;
19.2;6;Tye to Yuvraj, SIX runs Yuvraj is back. He has done it. Gets another length ball on the pads, and he loves it. Goes over the bigger leg-side fence. Beats deep midwicket for a six;
19.1;4;Tye to Yuvraj, FOUR runs Yuvraj finds the touch. Length ball, on the pads, Yuvraj loves it. Is this what lets him off the hook? Flicks it over fine leg. Not the best ball Tye has bowled;
18.6;1;Watson to Yuvraj, 1 run yorker, and what's more, he has given him the single. Yuvraj on strike first ball next over. Oh this is a cruel sport, T20;
18.5;2;Watson to Yuvraj, 2 runs moves across, deep into the crease, flicks this from off to leg, gets a couple between deep square and deep midwicket;
18.4;?;Watson to Yuvraj, no run yorker outside off. Really quick. At 138ks. Beats the outside edge as Yuvraj looks to drive;
18.3;1;Watson to Raina, 1 run slower short ball, dragged to long-on for one. Just two off the over so far;
18.2;1;Watson to Yuvraj, 1 run Yuvraj is desperate. Needs to get out of the headlights. He walks down, shuffles across, digs out a yorker. Takes the single. Raina on strike;
18.1;?;Watson to Yuvraj, no run Yuvraj's back foot is outside off in the stance. Looking for the short leg-side boundary. Slower bouncer from Watson. Beats Yuvraj's attempt to hook. Looks at the leg umpire. This is touch and go on the wide. Not called. It is really really tight;
17.6;4;Tye to Raina, FOUR runs Raina puts India ahead with this bit of innovation. Moves across early, gets a length ball on the pads, and deflects it fine of short fine leg for four. Kohli likes it, and jumps out of his seat in the dugout. Under two a ball now. Focus on to Yuvraj;
17.5;4;Tye to Raina, FOUR runs Rain gets lucky now. And how bad is Bancroft feeling about that missed stumping? Raina is done in completely by the slower ball, and Raina edges while looking for the drive over cover. Goes tantalisingly past the flying wicketkeeper, Bancroft;
17.4;2;Tye to Raina, 2 runs Raina innovates by moving across the stumps to play a pick-up on this low full toss. Gets a couple to deep square leg;
17.3;?;Tye to Raina, no run full toss, quick full toss, thigh high, Raina looks to open the face and is beaten by the pace;
17.2;2;Tye to Raina, 2 runs short of a length, tucked away off the hip for two. Past square leg it goes;
17.1;?;Tye to Raina, no run yorker, accurate, perfect. The dot ball takes the asking rate to two a ball;
16.6;?;Watson to Yuvraj, no run Yuvraj premeditates. Moves across the stumps to try to pull to the short leg-side boundary. Misses this skiddy shortish ball. Is hit on the pad. Eventually a good over for Australia. Goes for fewer than the asking rate;
16.5;1;Watson to Raina, 1 run low full toss, slugged away to deep midwicket for one;
16.5;1w;Watson to Raina, 1 wide slower bouncer, Raina doesn't play at it, and it is called wide for height. Fairly so. This is well high;
16.4;?;Watson to Raina, no run yorker, outside off, bounces over the attempted steer, and draws half a shout from Watson for a catch at the wicket. The noise is the bat hitting the ground;
16.3;1;Watson to Yuvraj, 1 run short of a length, outside off, dabbed away to point for his first run on the tour;
16.2;1;Watson to Raina, 1 run low full toss, soft hands from Raina, towards long-on, but Yuvraj can't come back for the second;
16.1;4;Watson to Raina, FOUR runs another boundary early in the over. Watson looks for the slower short ball, and Raina has paddled this from rib high for a four;
15.6;?;Tye to Yuvraj, no run bouncer, tennis-ball bounce, Yuvraj fends at it while looking away from the ball. I hear something as it passes the bat. Bancroft does too, but he is the only one appealing;
15.5;1;Tye to Raina, 1 run down the wicket, takes this on the full, pushed to deep midwicket for one;
15.4;2;Tye to Raina, 2 runs beautiful batting. Slower ball, short of a length, and he opens the face in front of off to find the gap between point and short third man. Comes back for two;
15.3;4;Tye to Raina, FOUR runs that's an error by Tye, and Raina makes him pay for it. Short of a length, pitched well outside leg, and all he has to do is deflect it fine. He does so;
15.2;?;Tye to Raina, no run slower ball, nearly a yorker, Raina gets an outside edge, but this time Bancroft is equal to it and dives to his left to save runs here;
15.1;2;Tye to Raina, 2 runs low full toss, on the pads, played with soft hands towards long-on. Comes back for the second;
14.6;?;Boyce to Yuvraj, no run legbreak, outside off, defended by Yuvraj. What an excellent spell from Boyce;
14.5;W;Boyce to Kohli, OUT Kohli is bowled in a roundabout way. Boyce has kept Australia in the contest. This has been a good contest between him and Kohli. Kohli has been charging at Boyce who has still been managing to york him with some dip on his deliveries. This one takes the cue end, hits the pad, ricochets into the stumps;Virat Kohli b Boyce 50 (49m 36b 2x4 1x6) SR: 138.88;
14.4;2;Boyce to Kohli, 2 runs that's third straight fifty for Kohli. In the form of his life. Down the wicket to drive this legbreak wide of long-off for two. Acknowledges the crowd all around the dial;
14.3;2;Boyce to Kohli, 2 runs nicely bowled, gets it to dip on his toes, but Kohli has managed to place it wide of long-on for two;
14.2;?;Boyce to Kohli, no run down the wicket, gets too close to it, and punches it to extra cover;
14.1;4;Boyce to Kohli, FOUR runs a touch too short, and Kohli spots it early and rocks back pull it in front of deep midwicket for four. Pressure on the bowler already;
13.6;2;Tait to Raina, 2 runs this is better from Tait, but Raina has played this superbly. Rising towards the chest, Raina fends with almost no bottom hand, and ends up placing this just outside the 30-yard circle on the leg side. Comes back for an easy second;
13.5;4;Tait to Raina, FOUR runs he tries the bouncer but this is not good enough. This is only hip high, and Raina has tucked this fine of fine leg for an easy four;
13.4;1;Tait to Kohli, 1 run wide length ball driven to deep cover for one;
13.3;?;Tait to Kohli, no run lovely yorker to cramp him up;
13.2;1;Tait to Raina, 1 run;
13.1;1;Tait to Kohli, 1 run;
12.6;6;Boyce to Raina, SIX runs and Raina makes them pay immediately. This is like salt into the wounds. He has slog-swept this away for a six;
12.5;?;Boyce to Raina, no run part-time wicketkeeper has missed a stumping. This is a big wicket gone a-begging. Nice legbreak, dipping on Raina, who has walked past it, but Bancroft is done in by the extra bounce. Not a good night for the wicketkeepers. And Yuvraj goes back into the dugout;
12.4;?;Boyce to Raina, no run down the wicket to punch this straight to extra cover;
12.3;W;Boyce to Rohit Sharma, OUT Boyce gets the wicket after building the pressure going at a strike rate of 100. Sharma plays a tired chip shot off the toes, and finds midwicket with it. Sharma has done his job, though. Asking rate less than what it was when they started the chase;Rohit Sharma c Watson b Boyce 52 (57m 38b 5x4 1x6) SR: 136.84;
12.2;1;Boyce to Kohli, 1 run goes wide on the crease, cramps him up, chipped to long-on for one;
12.1;1;Boyce to Rohit Sharma, 1 run slow legbreak, Sharma punches it to long-off for one;
11.6;1;Boland to Rohit Sharma, 1 run Sharma looks to make room and go to cover, but gets an inside edge into the leg side for a single;
11.5;1;Boland to Kohli, 1 run slower short ball, dabbed to short third man for one;
11.4;2;Boland to Kohli, 2 runs low full toss, punched wide of deep cover for a couple;
11.3;1;Boland to Rohit Sharma, 1 run low full toss, driven nicely to deep cover for another fifty in Australia. Generous applause for him;
11.2;4;Boland to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs picks the slower offcutter and drags this into the big leg-side boundary with a slog. Placed perfectly in front of deep midwicket for four;
11.1;1;Boland to Kohli, 1 run yorker as Kohli gives him the charge. Just the single to long-off;
10.6;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run down the wicket, takes this on the full, takes a single to long-on;
10.5;1;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, 1 run another full toss, but this is driven to deep cover for one;
10.4;6;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs and Sharma gets the full toss to break the pressure. Down the wicket and whacks this high full toss over the short leg-side boundary. As you were...;
10.3;?;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, no run flat, outside off, out of Sharma's reach as he charges at him. Can't take the single to extra cover;
10.2;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run low full toss, driven to long-off;
10.1;1;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, 1 run low full toss, driven to deep cover for one;
9.6;1;Tait to Rohit Sharma, 1 run hits him high on the bat with a length ball and it goes to long-on for a single;
9.5;1;Tait to Kohli, 1 run quick, on a length, 147ks, tucked away off the pads for one;
9.4;2;Tait to Kohli, 2 runs grunt from Tait as he lets this wide full ball in, and Kohli squeezes it out beautifully past point for two;
9.3;1;Tait to Rohit Sharma, 1 run Tait is still as quick, and Sharma is looking a little tired. This is a length ball, but he is late into it, and mis-hits this just short of long-on;
9.2;?;Tait to Rohit Sharma, no run good pace there, skids along at 145ks, beats the inside edge, hits the pad a touch high;
9.1;1;Tait to Kohli, 1 run full, middle and leg, driven to long-on for one;
8.6;1;Boyce to Kohli, 1 run finally a good over for Australia. He refuses to give Kohli any room and the full ball is pushed to long-on. Just the five runs off that over;
8.5;1;Boyce to Rohit Sharma, 1 run slow in the air, cramping him up, chipped to long-on for one;
8.4;?;Boyce to Rohit Sharma, no run down the wicket to drive it straight to the man who has just come to cover;
8.3;?;Boyce to Rohit Sharma, no run flatter non-turning delivery, beats the inside edge and hits the pad;
8.2;2;Boyce to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs full, middle and off, driven between long-off and deep cover for two;
8.1;1;Boyce to Kohli, 1 run swept away from middle and leg for a single to long leg;
7.6;1;Watson to Kohli, 1 run low full toss, down the wicket, drives it to long-on for a single;
7.5;1;Watson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run full and outside off, punched down to long-off for one;
7.4;1;Watson to Kohli, 1 run slower ball, middle and leg, pushed to long-on for one;
7.3;2;Watson to Kohli, 2 runs short of a length, lovely batting, as he places this wide of long-on with soft hands. Comes back for the second easily;
7.2;1;Watson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run short of a length, angling in, punched to long-on for one;
7.1;4;Watson to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs short of a length, wide, Sharma loves it as he rocks back to late-cut it for four. Makes it look ridiculously easy;
6.6;?;Boyce to Kohli, no run full, middle and leg, no room, flicked to short midwicket again;
6.5;1;Boyce to Rohit Sharma, 1 run driven to long-off for one;
6.4;3;Boyce to Kohli, 3 runs pushes forward and then rocks back to punch it between long-off and deep cover. Boland is looking for a relay throw as he dives and fields but Marsh has over-run him so that allows them a third;
6.3;?;Boyce to Kohli, no run full, middle and leg, no room, flicked to short midwicket;
6.2;2;Boyce to Kohli, 2 runs shorter, flatter, punched wide of long-off, and they come back for an easy second;
6.1;1;Boyce to Rohit Sharma, 1 run full, middle and leg, driven to long-off for one;
5.6;2;Tye to Kohli, 2 runs Kohli is down the wicket again, and drives this over point for two more. India well on course here;
5.5;2;Tye to Kohli, 2 runs short, into the body, with the short leg-side boundary, paddled away past short fine leg for two;
5.4;6;Tye to Kohli, SIX runs Kohli picks the slower ball early, dances down the track and wallops the length ball over long-on for six. Doesn't even look up to see where it has gone;
5.3;2;Tye to Kohli, 2 runs Kohli has found the gap superbly as he flicks this full ball between mid-on and midwicket;
5.2;?;Tye to Kohli, no run yorker, middle and leg, punched to midwicket;
5.1;?;Tye to Kohli, no run short of a length, offcutter, beats Kohli's drive;
4.6;4;Boland to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs lovely shot. Half-volley on off, and he has send this over mid-off with minimum of fuss;
4.5;?;Boland to Rohit Sharma, no run nearly yorker, dug back into the stumps at the non-striker's end;
4.4;2;Boland to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs chipped down to straight of long-on for two;
4.4;1w;Boland to Rohit Sharma, 1 wide this is a clear big wide down the leg side;
4.3;?;Boland to Rohit Sharma, no run this has clearly flicked Sharma's leg down the leg side, but both the Indian batsmen behaving ridiculously. Sharma asks why this is not called a wide, and Kohli asks him if he is kidding him. Clear sound and clear deflection on the replay. Must be wearing great protection if Sharma didn't feel this;
4.2;1;Boland to Kohli, 1 run and nearly a run-out. Sharma-Kohli misunderstanding goes on. Kohli has dabbed this to short third, but he doesn't instinctively trust his partner's call. He runs late and has to dive to make it in;
4.2;1w;Boland to Kohli, 1 wide that is unlucky. Short slower offcutter, but it turns too much from outside off to be called a wide down leg;
4.1;4;Boland to Kohli, FOUR runs oh boy what is Kohli on? He has just come in and is middling everything. Down the wicket to drive this on the up, and between mid-off and extra cover;
3.6;2;Watson to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs short ball, outside off, pulled to the left of deep midwicket for a couple;
3.5;?;Watson to Rohit Sharma, no run lovely yorker, middle and off, 137ks, dug out back to Watson;
3.4;1;Watson to Kohli, 1 run short of a length, worked to leg for one;
3.3;?;Watson to Kohli, no run does he need sighters anymore? He has punched this right off the middle of the bat first up. What timing. Flies towards mid-on;
3.2;W;Watson to S Dhawan, OUT golden arm if ever there was one. Dhawan steps out of the crease, gets a shortish delivery, looks to repeat the dose, but the ball bounces a touch more than expected and takes the edge. Watson is doing it all by himself;Shikhar Dhawan c ?Bancroft b Watson 26 (18m 9b 4x4 1x6) SR: 288.88;
3.1;4;Watson to S Dhawan, FOUR runs oh Dhawan is peppering the short boundaries. Short of a length, enough width on it for Dhawan to run it past point for four;
2.6;3;Tait to S Dhawan, 3 runs slower ball, full, driven past cover now. Won't go all the way;
2.5;4;Tait to S Dhawan, FOUR runs Tait is clueless. He has bowled to the left and he has bowled to the right, and he has conceded runs all over. Short and wide here, and Dhawan loves the square cut over point;
2.4;6;Tait to S Dhawan, SIX runs this is carnage. Gentle length ball on the pads, whipped away for a six;
2.3;4;Tait to S Dhawan, FOUR runs wide length ball, driven over mid-off for four. Tait is getting destroyed;
2.3;1w;Tait to S Dhawan, 1 wide another wide down the leg side. Looks to cramp him up with a short ball, but goes too far down leg;
2.2;3;Tait to Rohit Sharma, 3 runs length ball, into the pads, flicked away for three into the bigger side of the ground;
2.2;1w;Tait to Rohit Sharma, 1 wide big wide down the leg side. Bancroft does really well with a one-handed save to his left;
2.1;2;Tait to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs short of a length, into the hip, cramping him up, tucked away off the hip for a two. Nicely played;
1.6;1;Boland to Rohit Sharma, 1 run goes for the short leg-side boundary this time, but can't beat deep square leg to his right. Kept down to two;
1.5;4;Boland to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs what a shot. Some premeditation but a graceful shot. Makes room early, gets under a shortish ball and chips it over cover for four;
1.4;?;Boland to Rohit Sharma, no run short of a length, outside off, sort of shanks the attempted back-foot drive;
1.3;1;Boland to S Dhawan, 1 run well done by Head at point. Dhawan square-drives from down the wicket, and Head fields it well despite the awkward bounce;
1.2;4;Boland to S Dhawan, FOUR runs lovely shot. Short of a length, widish, and he goes back to seer it past point to the short off-side boundary;
1.1;1;Boland to Rohit Sharma, 1 run length ball, middle and leg, worked to deep square leg for one;
0.6;?;Tait to S Dhawan, no run wide length ball, Dhawan drills this straight to mid-off, and Sharma turns down the single off the misfield. There was perhaps a single available there;
0.5;1;Tait to Rohit Sharma, 1 run nicely bowled and nicely played. This is short of a length, rising towards the chest, and Sharms rises with the bounce to run it down to third man for one;
0.5;1w;Tait to Rohit Sharma, 1 wide nudges 150ks, but bowls a leg-side wide at 149ks;
0.4;?;Tait to Rohit Sharma, no run on a length, 144ks, hit back into the stumps at the non-striker's end;
0.4;1w;Tait to Rohit Sharma, 1 wide and there is the bad Tait. Wide down the leg side;
0.3;4;Tait to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs misses the length, offers a half-volley, punched to the left of extra cover for four. Sharma in form;
0.2;?;Tait to Rohit Sharma, no run another outswinging yorker, dug out to extra cover. Only 141ks. Concentrating on release more than pace?;
0.1;?;Tait to Rohit Sharma, no run good Tait seems to have turned. A yorker at middle and off first up. Some swing away too. 144ks only. Dug out by Sharma;

The umpires are out on the field, followed by the Australian fielders and Indian openers. The big question: will Yuvraj finally get to bat? The thing about T20 is, India can still lose even if Yuvraj doesn't get to bat. Tait to bowl to Sharma with two slips in place
 Innings Start
Australia
India
3rd T20I (N), Sydney, Jan 31 2016, India tour of Australia
197/5
200/3
Player of the match is Shane Watson, AUS
India won by 7 wickets
