Data
And if it isn't, then you'll know Pakistan's bowlers will be at their legendary, mythical best. That should be worth a watch, but you really have to be the optimistic sort, and from the evidence of the feedback I'm receiving, there's little evidence of that.
Either way, join us in 20 minutes or so, where Alex will take you through the first ten overs of that innings!
Sajid: "Any chance we can rely on our second best batsman after Babar Azam, a certain Mr. Rain?"
19.6;?;Abbott to Mohammad Hasnain, no run and ends, predictably, with another miss. Two off the final two overs, and on a miserable evening in Perth, Pakistan limp to 106. They trudge off, no sign of a spring in their step, while Australia are practically prancing off the field. This should be comfortable for them;
19.5;?;Abbott to Mohammad Hasnain, no run Hasnain swings like a rusty gate, as they say these days. Just one off five balls this final over;
19.4;1;Abbott to Amir, 1 run hallelujah, there's bat on ball! And there's even a ticking over of the scores. They take a single. A SINGLE! What will Australia do now?;
19.3;?;Abbott to Amir, no run make that eight! Amir looks to scoop this over fine leg. Doesn't even make contact with it;
19.2;?;Abbott to Amir, no run Amir backed away to try and cut it through the covers. Misses again. That's seven balls in a row the bat hasn't made contact with the ball;
19.1;?;Abbott to Amir, no run short ball, Amir ducks below it;
18.6;?;Kane Richardson to Mohammad Hasnain, no run swing and a miss. Hasnain has clearly decided that is all he wants to do. top stuff from Richardson. Just one off that over;
18.5;?;Kane Richardson to Mohammad Hasnain, no run four in a row. Nothing connecting for Hasnain now, and Amir can only watch from the other end;
18.4;?;Kane Richardson to Mohammad Hasnain, no run but who cares what I think? Another lavish swing, another obvious miss. One off four balls this over;
18.3;?;Kane Richardson to Mohammad Hasnain, no run Carbon copy. Hasnain might have to consider descending from cloud nine, where he might still be after that lovely cover drive first ball. Needs to rotate the strike;
18.2;?;Kane Richardson to Mohammad Hasnain, no run wild swing from Hasnain, but Richardson says "I deserve more respect" with a ball that flummoxes the number 10 completely;
18.1;1;Kane Richardson to Amir, 1 run run down to third man;
9.6;1;Agar to Khushdil, 1 run shorter length, he's back and cutting to backward point;
9.5;1;Agar to Iftikhar, 1 run tossed up, he pushes gently to cover point for one;
9.4;1;Agar to Khushdil, 1 run drifting outside off, he drives, without timing past cover to the sweeper in the deep;
9.3;1;Agar to Iftikhar, 1 run drifting into middle, he's back and working this through midwicket;
9.2;1;Agar to Khushdil, 1 run tossed up slower, he works with the turn towards long on, he pushes for two but it's not on;
9.1;W;Agar to Haris Sohail, OUT caught at long off! That was brilliant from Agar. Haris jumped down early, Agar dragged the length down, Haris went through with the shot, mistimed it trying to launch over long off, he clothed it straight down Richardson's throat at long off. Easy catch 15 metres in off the rope;Haris Sohail c Richardson b Agar 8 (16b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
8.6;1;Stanlake to Haris Sohail, 1 run 138kph, shorter length, into the ribs, he tucks this to fine leg;
8.5;1;Stanlake to Iftikhar, 1 run 135kph, over-pitched, he crunches a straight drive back and it comes off his boot and flies to mid on;
8.4;1;Stanlake to Haris Sohail, 1 run 141kph, shorter length into the hip, he tucks this behind square for a single;
8.4;1w;Stanlake to Haris Sohail, 1 wide 140kph, bouncer, down the leg side and called wide;
8.3;?;Stanlake to Haris Sohail, no run 142kph, bouncer, over leg stump, he ducks under it easily;
8.2;1;Stanlake to Iftikhar, 1 run 142kph, angled into leg, he glances this to fine leg with ease;
8.1;1;Stanlake to Haris Sohail, 1 run 147kph, over-pitched, he drives very nicely straight of mid off, Warner moves like a hare across the turf to dive and make the save;
17.6;?;Starc to Mohammad Hasnain, no run yorker that just misses leg stump;
17.5;?;Starc to Mohammad Hasnain, no run he was barely in the same postcode. Looked to repeat the shot he played so well off Richardson, but the shorter length renders it impossible;
17.4;1;Starc to Amir, 1 run yorker, Amir digs it out and the pair change ends;
17.3;?;Starc to Amir, no run straight to the fielder;
17.2;6;Starc to Amir, SIX runs that's better! First maximum of the night. Amir backs away again, but it was the shorter delivery that allowed Amir to get a thick edge on it, which carried all the way over the third man boundary;
17.1;?;Starc to Amir, no run backs away, does Amir, and tentatively times it back down the ground;
17.1;1w;Starc to Amir, 1 wide dragged down legside;
16.6;4;Kane Richardson to Mohammad Hasnain, FOUR runs wow, what was that from Hasnain! No double wicket maiden for Richardson, as Hasnain middles his first ball for an exquisite cover drive that goes straight to the boundary! Watch and learn, Imad and Shadab, the teenager might meekly mutter to himself;
16.5;W;Kane Richardson to Shadab, OUT the miserable innings comes to an end! Well, colour me surprised! Shadab had been struggling badly all eight balls he was there, and this time, he got a thick edge. Mid-on made a bit of a meal of it, but that's it for the allrounder;Shadab Khan c Finch b Richardson 1 (8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 12.5;
16.4;?;Kane Richardson to Shadab, no run copy and paste. This time he tried a swivel-pull, but Carey gathers it behind the stumps again;
16.3;?;Kane Richardson to Shadab, no run swing and a miss. Shadab one off six now. Needs to kick on badly;
16.2;?;Kane Richardson to Shadab, no run clattered straight to point;
16.1;W;Kane Richardson to Iftikhar, OUT massive blow for Pakistan! Heaved down to fine leg from Iftikhar. He'd been struggling with the short ball for much of the innings, and Starc at fine leg was secure as ever. Richardson, who copped such heavy punishment from Iftikhar last game, get's his revenge;Iftikhar Ahmed c Starc b Richardson 45 (37b 6x4 0x6) SR: 121.62;
15.6;?;Stanlake to Shadab, no run makes room for himself and Stanlake throws it well outside off stump. Never quite in position to execute the extravagant cut, and it's another swing and a miss;
15.5;1;Stanlake to Iftikhar, 1 run pulled to fine leg;
15.4;?;Stanlake to Iftikhar, no run excellent bowling again. Short and Iftikhar didn't quite know what to do with it. Lucky he didn't edge it straight back to the bowler. Almost comes back and hits his stumps, the batsman had to stop it with his bat;
15.3;1;Stanlake to Shadab, 1 run Nudged to short backward point and Shadab gets himself off strike;
15.2;?;Stanlake to Shadab, no run Pace and bounce. Lovely stuff from Stanlake. Tentative poke and a miss;
15.1;1;Stanlake to Iftikhar, 1 run Scooped into the vacant legside infield from Iftikhar. think he was looking to get it into a deserted enough area to come back for two;
14.6;?;Abbott to Shadab, no run blocks and sets off rather aimlessly, Iftikhar knows better than to take him up on the offer.;
14.5;1;Abbott to Iftikhar, 1 run steered to third man;
14.4;?;Abbott to Iftikhar, no run Shadab nearly got himself run out. No communication between the two, and Shadab at the non-striker's end would have been gone with a direct hit;
14.3;W;Abbott to Imad Wasim, OUT gone! What a catch! Agar can't put a foot wrong today. Not a surprise, in truth. Nothing had been working for Imad in the short time he';d been there. I don't believe he middled a single ball. Similar shot to the previous one. Came down the pitch, and the length was too short for him to get any purchase on the shot. Agar sprinted forward to scoop it up inches from the ground;Imad Wasim c Agar b Abbott 6 (6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
14.2;1;Abbott to Iftikhar, 1 run good timing, but Abbott is bowling short of a length at pace, and Iftikhar doesn't have enough time to get underneath it;
14.1;1;Abbott to Imad Wasim, 1 run Imad goes down the ground, the length is dragged back, and he can only splice it to the onside for one;
13.6;1;Agar to Imad Wasim, 1 run excellent over once more. Just what Australia needed after a slightly expensive one from Richardson;
13.5;1;Agar to Iftikhar, 1 run guided to square leg, Agar has been so tight today. Fantastic spin bowling.;
13.4;1;Agar to Imad Wasim, 1 run a whack down the ground, but again, got very little of the middle of the bat on it;
13.3;2;Agar to Imad Wasim, 2 runs no timing from Imad, but they come back for two;
13.2;1;Agar to Iftikhar, 1 run poor delivery, gets away with it. Down legside, and Iftikhar gives it a slap, but fine leg is there to cut it off;
13.1;1;Agar to Imad Wasim, 1 run cut away for one;
12.6;4;Kane Richardson to Iftikhar, FOUR runs no control from the batsman, but it's four! Top edge that nearly carried all the way for six; when you're in form like Iftikhar is, everything goes your way. Turned out to be a decent over from Pakistan despite the wicket; they need to get a move on;
12.5;?;Kane Richardson to Iftikhar, no run cut straight to backward point;
12.4;2;Kane Richardson to Iftikhar, 2 runs short ball again, muscled to midwicket. Gets clean contact on that and they come back for two;
12.3;?;Kane Richardson to Iftikhar, no run better delivery, defended;
12.2;4;Kane Richardson to Iftikhar, FOUR runs short and wide, and finally a boundary comes! The width allowed Iftikhar to slash at it, and it races to the third man boundary;
12.1;W;Kane Richardson to Khushdil, OUT this won't help improve their mood! Khushdil cleared his front leg and looked to tonk this into the stands behind midwicket. It went so high the keeper thought he might catch it, but in the end Starc at fine leg got himself into position and snared a swirling one. Pakistan lose half their side.;Khushdil Shah c Starc b Richardson 8 (11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 72.72;
11.6;1;Agar to Khushdil, 1 run poked to fine leg, and another tidy over concludes;
11.5;1;Agar to Iftikhar, 1 run runs it to backward point for a single;
11.4;1;Agar to Khushdil, 1 run guided past short cover-point for one;
11.3;2;Agar to Khushdil, 2 runs the reverse sweep comes out. No timing, but that allows Pakistan to come back for two;
11.2;?;Agar to Khushdil, no run straight back to the bowler;
11.1;1;Agar to Iftikhar, 1 run chipper to long-off;
10.6;?;Stanlake to Khushdil, no run excellent over. Pakistan really going nowhere at the moment, and the pressure Iftikhar feels is understandable. His wicket could be the game;
10.5;1;Stanlake to Iftikhar, 1 run driven to mid-off, pair scuttle through for another quick single. This is good stuff from Australia;
10.4;1;Stanlake to Khushdil, 1 run fuller length, steered to midwicket;
10.3;1;Stanlake to Iftikhar, 1 run cut away to third man. Stanlake is persisting with that short length, and doing a good job with it;
10.2;?;Stanlake to Iftikhar, no run pulled belligerently but no timing, straight to mid-on;
10.1;1lb;Stanlake to Khushdil, 1 leg bye short of a length, thuds into Khushdil's chest, the pair scamper through for one;
7.6;?;Agar to Iftikhar, no run shorter length, slid through at 98kph, he's back and cutting to backward point;
7.5;1;Agar to Haris Sohail, 1 run 102kph, low full toss, whipped to deep midwicket;
7.4;1;Agar to Iftikhar, 1 run slower and shorter, with some spin, he's back and punching this to long on;
7.3;2;Agar to Iftikhar, 2 runs arm ball drifting into leg, he's back and punching wide of long on, they push for two and beat the throw from Richardson. Good running;
7.2;1;Agar to Haris Sohail, 1 run 91kph, shorter length, he's back and punching down to long off;
7.1;2;Agar to Haris Sohail, 2 runs fuller outside off, he drives firmly through cover straight of the man in the deep for a couple;
6.6;?;Stanlake to Iftikhar, no run 141kph, fuller on off, he drives back to the bowler, Stanlake deflects it onto the stumps at the non-strikers but Haris is back safely;
6.5;?;Stanlake to Iftikhar, no run 138kph, back of a length on off, he defends to cover-point;
6.4;4;Stanlake to Iftikhar, FOUR runs thick edge nearly carries to third man! Richardson ran in off the rope and couldn't block the half volley. It was a good effort to try and catch it. That edge flew a long way;
6.3;2;Stanlake to Iftikhar, 2 runs 142kph, fuller outside off, he drives hard and slices a thick outside edge high and wide of third man;
6.2;?;Stanlake to Iftikhar, no run 134kph, short ball, climbing outside off, he tries to cut and it beats him for bounce;
6.1;1;Stanlake to Haris Sohail, 1 run short ball into the ribs, he gets inside the line and works it around the corner to fine leg;
5.6;4;Starc to Iftikhar, FOUR runs magnificent cover drive! Another long half volley and he leans forward to pound it through the big gap at cover.;
5.5;?;Starc to Iftikhar, no run 138kph, bouncer over leg, he half pulls half ducks, it flies through to Carey. No wide call;
5.4;?;Starc to Iftikhar, no run 141kph, fuller outside off, he tries to drive he miscues to mid on;
5.3;4;Starc to Iftikhar, FOUR runs over-pitched wide of off, he opens the shoulder and hammers a cover drive. That was a half volley and he put it away easily;
5.2;4;Starc to Iftikhar, FOUR runs 144kph, full inswinger and he whips with the swing behind square Good shot. Conventional stroke, using the pace to ping it behind square;
5.1;?;Starc to Iftikhar, no run back of a length on off, he stands up and defends;
4.6;?;Abbott to Haris Sohail, no run 133kph, back of a length outside off, he's back and across and defending;
4.5;?;Abbott to Haris Sohail, no run 132kph, back of a length, he pushes away from his body to backward point and Smith makes a superb diving save;
4.4;?;Abbott to Haris Sohail, no run 135kph, good length fourth stump line, he pushes towards mid off;
4.3;W;Abbott to Imam-ul-Haq, OUT top edge caught at midwicket! Short ball banged in outside off, he tries to pull but goes from low to high with his hands, gets a top edge that flies straight up to midwicket, McDermott camps under it and takes the catch very easily. That was a poorly executed stroke;Imam-ul-Haq c McDermott b Abbott 14 (15b 2x4 0x6) SR: 93.33;
4.2;4;Abbott to Imam-ul-Haq, FOUR runs thumped straight over the umpire's head! 132kph, in the slot and he swings through the line and hammers it straight at the sightscreen;
4.1;?;Abbott to Imam-ul-Haq, no run 132kph, length ball, top of off, he defends from the crease towards point;
3.6;?;Kane Richardson to Haris Sohail, no run play and miss at a135kph length ball that swung away late;
3.5;1;Kane Richardson to Imam-ul-Haq, 1 run 137kph, short ball, he pulls and miscues off the top edge but it lands safely at the circle at midwicket;
3.4;?;Kane Richardson to Imam-ul-Haq, no run 137kph, short ball, over middle, he backs away and tries to uppercut but misses;
3.3;2;Kane Richardson to Imam-ul-Haq, 2 runs short on leg, he pulls to wide fine leg, they push hard for two on Abbott's arm and Imam has to dive to make it! They check upstairs but he's home just;
3.2;?;Kane Richardson to Imam-ul-Haq, no run he charges early and it's banged in 131kph, into the ribs and he defends knocking it down;
3.1;?;Kane Richardson to Imam-ul-Haq, no run good length, hint of shape across him, he pushes a length ball to point;
2.6;?;Starc to Haris Sohail, no run 138kph, bouncer and he ducks under it easily;
2.5;?;Starc to Haris Sohail, no run 142kph, fuller length, no swing, he drives firmly back to the bowler and it comes off Starc and ricochets to mid off;
2.4;?;Starc to Haris Sohail, no run 142kph, good length outswinger on off, he pushes a drive to mid off;
2.3;W;Starc to Rizwan, OUT Bowled him! Searing 140kph inswinger! This was like a heat-seeking missile. Started on off, swung late through a gaping gate as he tried to drive away from his body. His pads were outside leg, his bat outside off, the ball swerved through and crashed into middle and leg;Mohammad Rizwan b Starc 0 (1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
2.2;W;Starc to Babar Azam, OUT Given out LBW. He's been given and Babar reviews. This was full and shaping into the pad late. There was a big appeal and it carried to slip. There's no bat involved. Nothing on hot spot. RTS appears to say pad only. Daylight between bat and ball. Ball tracking is a little slow. We have to wait 30 seconds for ball tracking. Ball tracking says umpire's call! Clipping leg. It stays out LBW. It was just pitching in line and just clipping the outside of leg.;Babar Azam lbw b Starc 6 (7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 85.71;
2.1;4;Starc to Babar Azam, FOUR runs thumping square drive straight through Turner at point. It was a length ball and wide, he stands tall and crunches past Turner at point;
2.1;1w;Starc to Babar Azam, 1 wide swinging way down the leg side and rightly called wide again. Carey has to dive a long way;
2.1;1w;Starc to Babar Azam, 1 wide 140kph, fired down the leg side and called wide;
1.6;4;Abbott to Imam-ul-Haq, FOUR runs he charges and lofts this over mid on! Didn't nail it. It was 138kph, shaping in a length and he shimmied down to turn it to a half volley. Good shot;
1.5;?;Abbott to Imam-ul-Haq, no run beaten by a 138kph, good length wobbling in and seaming away outside off;
1.4;?;Abbott to Imam-ul-Haq, no run he shuffles down to a 140kph full inswinger, beaten for pace, it comes off the pad and rolls away. He was hit outside leg;
1.3;1;Abbott to Babar Azam, 1 run 134kph, good length outside off, he tries to drive but drags it off the thick inside half off the bat through square leg to the sweeper;
1.2;?;Abbott to Babar Azam, no run 138kph, fuller outside off, he reaches away from his body and miscues a drive to mid off;
1.1;1;Abbott to Imam-ul-Haq, 1 run 138kph, full and some swing into the left hander, he pushes a drive to mid on and takes a tight single;
0.6;1;Starc to Imam-ul-Haq, 1 run 137kph, angled into the hip, he jumps back and glances this to wide fine leg and they push for two but only get one;
0.5;?;Starc to Imam-ul-Haq, no run 137kph, angled down leg, does he get a tickle or does it come off pad? Either way it fell short of Carey;
0.4;1;Starc to Babar Azam, 1 run 138kph, fuller outside off, he mistimes a drive slowly to mid off and runs with the stroke;
0.3;?;Starc to Babar Azam, no run 137kph, length ball across him, he flashes and misses trying to square drive;
0.2;?;Starc to Babar Azam, no run 138kph, yorker, right on the money, he just digs it out. Brilliant delivery and equally well played;
0.1;1;Starc to Imam-ul-Haq, 1 run 138kph, swinging away, he drives and gets a thick edge that flies safely through the vacant gully and carries beyond the circle to third man;

Mitchell Starc has the new ball. Imam on strike. Two slips in.
4.28pm The players are heading out onto the ground. Babar and Imam walk out to open. Fakhar has been dropped.
4.15pm Waqar Younis Pakistan's bowling coach: "It looks a pretty good pitch. It looks pretty green. I've been talking to ground staff and they said it is rock hard and will have a bit of bounce and that's why we're playing the two youngsters. Hopefully they will do a job for us. They're both teenagers, exciting times. they bowl 145-150. One of them bowled 156 just recently. They offer pace and bounce. One of them is really tall and one is really short. i'm really excited and can't wait to see them bowl on this pitch."
Altaf : "Some good decisions have been taken today by the Pakistani camp. Thes changes should have been made in the last game at Canberra."
Mirza Zaid: "Among the first four Batsman of Pakistan team, Imam and Rizwan has a strike rate less than 100. Babar has a SR of 127 that is still understandable that he is the anchor bus Haris is still at 107. how can you expect them to post a big total? i really hope they promote Khushdil and Iftikhar up the order. "
Anns Mahboob: "Unpopular opinion here but replacing Fakhar with Imam at this stage of the series seems to be a conservative move at the wrong stage. If anything, Fakhar's potential destructivity was required today."
Sunil G: "Is this still a drop in pitch or they have really laid out a new one in Perth?" This is a drop in. This Stadium is very new. Only three internationals have been played here from memory. Two ODIs and a Test. This is the first T20I.
4pm Toss Aaron Finch has won the toss and Australia will bowl first.
Australia have made two changes. Both Sean Abbott and Billy Stanlake will play. Cummins and Adam Zampa miss out.
Pakistan have made a host of changes. Imam, Khushdil, Hasnain and Musa all come into the side.
Team - Australia: Aaron Finch (c), David Warner, Steve Smith, Ben McDermott, Ashton Turner, Alex Carey (wk), Ashton Agar, Sean Abbott, Mitchell Starc, Kane Richardson, Billy Stanlake
Pakistan: Imam Ul Haq, Babar Azam (c), Mohammad Rizwan (wk), Haris Sohail, Iftikhar Ahmed, Khushdil Shah, Imad Wasim, Shadab Khan, Mohammad Amir, Mohammad Hasnain, Muhammad Musa
Aaron Finch: ""There's a little bit of moisture in the wicket so hopefully we can get the brand new ball to move around a bit and chase it down later on. There's some stats that support that as well. We've just gone with the one spinner on this wicket. We think the extra spinner will be valuable."
Babar Azam: "If we'd won the toss we would have bowled first. We have two debutants. We want them to play and have a chance on this wicket and the wicket is good for bowling."
Khushdil Shah and Muhammad Musa will make their T20I debut today.
Haroon: "Youngsters given a chance . That's great from Pakistan . Even if they lose it doesn't matter . These kids will learn a lot . Nice change "
The surface looks like it has a lot of grass. Pace and bounce is expected. Australia coahc Justin Langer tells Fox Sports: "I love it. I reckon it's brilliant. We saw a great Test match here against India last year. There's lots of pace and bounce like the WACA wickets. The stadium is unbelievable."
3.45pm Mueen ud din Ha: "Weather forecast for today...?... any expected change in Pakistani line up.....! " Weather is stunning in Perth. Very warm - 33 degrees. No word on the teams as yet. Toss is 15 minutes away.
Ubaid: "Today expect Xl. Babar, Imam, Haris, Rizwan, Iftikhar, Khushdil, Shadab, Amir, Irfan, Hasnain, Musa. Second spinner is Haris" We shall see Ubaid.
Umar Farooq has reported some other interesting news from the PSL regarding Pakistan coach Misbah-Ul-Haq.
Meanwhile, Cricket Australia isn't concerned about the low crowd numbers for the six T20Is that have been played so far this summer.
On a cricket front, Marcus Harris knows he needs runs for Australia A against Pakistan in a tour match in Perth starting Monday to guarantee he keeps his place in the Test line-up.
3.30pm Hello and welcome to Perth Stadium for the third and final T20 international between Australia and Pakistan. Australia are looking to wrap up the series after claiming a 1-0 lead in Canberra thanks to Steve Smith. Pakistan would love to level it at 1-1 after the first game in Sydney was washed out. The toss is at 4pm local time with the unusual 4.30pm start in place to maximise TV audiences on the east coast of Australia where the timezone is three hours ahead in most parts.
Alex Malcolm and Danyal Rasool in commentary this evening. Dan Brettig has written the preview.
Australia will have at least one change. Pat Cummins is being rested ahead of the Test series. Sean Abbott or Billy Stanlake are the two options to replace him.
 Innings Start
Finch comes up, shares a big, friendly handshake with Babar on the way. "Really proud of my boys. The way we've applied ourselves over the last couple of weeks has been really impressive. We're improving as a team, and that's the most important thing. The way Ashton bowled in these two series was amazing. He was outstanding, alongside Adam Zampa, and they were bowling against quality players of spin. The quicks in the Powerplay were outstanding, too. Starc in general and Abbott today.
"It's pleasing one of our top three batted really deep throughout the two series, and we can only kick on from here."
So Australia finish 2019 unbeaten in the shortest format, and within 12 months, have propelled themselves to among the hottest favourites for the World T20 next year. For now, they celebrate with the trophy, and it's time for us to sign off here. From Danyal and Alex, goodbye, and many thanks for joining us.
Babar is up there now. "I am very disappointed, but we lost to a very good team. We've learnt a lot and we want to make sure we don't make the same mistakes again. As captain, I learnt a lot personally too, but there's along way to go. Musa and Hasnain were bowling well, but Finch and Warner were just in a different class. We wanted to blood them through, however, and I'm sure the experience will be good for them in future. Our focus moves to the Test series and the four-day games now, and we're excited for it."
Right, so here come the presentations. The player of the match is Sean Abbott. Fantastic on his return to international cricket; first game for Australia in 5 years.
"It's been a privilege to be part of this side," he says. "A lot of hard work has gone into it, but there's a lot of talent in this country. It's awesome to be back out here tonight. The guys have been playing really well and they've welcomed me back in the group. Very pleased."
The player of the series is Steve Smith; I suppose the innings in the second T20I was good enough to merit it.
"It was nice to contribute, but i'm a little but surprised to be up here for this award." He pays rich tribute to the bowlers, too. "You always want to try and do well for the team and get better and it was nice to contribute to the team. My role is to fix it when the top two don't come off."
We're with you for the presentations, hopefully, and we'll bring you what the captains had to say after an exceptionally one-sided game here in Perth
Australia keep their unbeaten T20 streak in 2019 intact. Pakistan never looked like threatening that, in reality. The 2-0 scoreline actually flatters Pakistan; Australia would have romped home in the first T20, surely. Many thought Pakistan would be a sterner test for Australia than Sri Lanka, but if anything, Babar Azam's men have rolled over even more easily. The pacers were ineffective; Australia lost three wickets in the whole series. The batsmen were abject, relying on Babar and Iftikhar to put runs on the board, when more contributions were needed.
11.5;4;Muhammad Musa to Finch, FOUR runs and that brings it to an end! 50 for Finch, a series win for Australia. This is a blinding performance from the hosts against the world's number one team. They've made them look astonishingly pedestrian, and should do their confidence the world of good before the Test series. There's no sugar-coating this; Pakistan have been humbled here.;
11.4;1;Muhammad Musa to Warner, 1 run not yet, nurdles it down to fine leg;
11.3;1;Muhammad Musa to Finch, 1 run low full toss, Finch drives through the air to long-on on the bounce. Right, three to win. Will Warner get his half-century instead, then?;
11.2;?;Muhammad Musa to Finch, no run brilliant stop at backward point from Shadab. He's an excellent fielder in that position, one of the best in the world, in truth;
11.1;2;Muhammad Musa to Finch, 2 runs misfield allows the Australian openers to come back for two. Four away from as eries win, each batsman three away from 50;
11.1;1w;Muhammad Musa to Finch, 1 wide Finch thought about walloping this, but realised just in time he was getting a free run. 5 away from his half-century;
10.6;1;Mohammad Hasnain to Finch, 1 run attempted pull by Finch, and the inside edge clips it onto his pads. He keeps the strike. Into the 12th over we go now;
10.5;1;Mohammad Hasnain to Warner, 1 run slower ball once more. Tidy over so far, this, but Australia just eight runs away;
10.4;1;Mohammad Hasnain to Finch, 1 run stroked to mid-off;
10.3;1;Mohammad Hasnain to Warner, 1 run didn't middle this, flew through to deep cover, where Iftikhar was racing in. Falls slightly short though, meaning the possibility of a 10-wicket win is still very much on;
10.3;1w;Mohammad Hasnain to Warner, 1 wide short again. Warner watches it go by while fixing the umpire with a piercing look, who obliges and calls it awide;
10.2;?;Mohammad Hasnain to Warner, no run slower ball, swing and a miss from Warner. That was more like what Hasnain was doing at the tailend of the last innings. Suspect it won't happen nine times in a row though;
10.1;1;Mohammad Hasnain to Finch, 1 run driven through the offside;
9.6;1;Muhammad Musa to Finch, 1 run 142kph, short outside off, he's back and punching to deep point;
9.5;1;Muhammad Musa to Warner, 1 run good length wide of off, he's back and running this to third man;
9.4;4;Muhammad Musa to Warner, FOUR runs 143kph, length ball outside off, he just mows this across the line along the ground and it runs all the way! He didn't time it but still got enough of it;
9.3;2;Muhammad Musa to Warner, 2 runs 123kph, slower ball on leg, he chips this over midwicket without timing for a couple;
9.2;?;Muhammad Musa to Warner, no run 143kph, fuller outside off, he drives open chested to mid off;
9.1;1;Muhammad Musa to Finch, 1 run good length, top of middle, he pushes this to mid on for one;
8.6;?;Mohammad Hasnain to Warner, no run good length, he's jammed up, punching it off the gloves to point;
8.5;1;Mohammad Hasnain to Finch, 1 run 141kph, good length top of off, he's back and pushing it to the gap at cover-point;
8.4;?;Mohammad Hasnain to Finch, no run 141kph, good length, he's back and jabbing a cut to backward point;
8.3;?;Mohammad Hasnain to Finch, no run good length, he clears the left leg, and smears it across the line, but he mistimes this to midwicket;
8.2;6;Mohammad Hasnain to Finch, SIX runs launched over square leg again! This has gone nearly 100m! Chest high short ball outside off, he's camped back and ready to swing hard. Again he flushed it;
8.1;1;Mohammad Hasnain to Warner, 1 run length ball on middle, he swings hard but drags it off the inside edge through square leg. That was a proper mow;
8.1;2w;Mohammad Hasnain to Finch, 2 wide full toss slips out! It is sprayed way down leg and Rizwan produces some great acrobatics to knock it down;
7.6;?;Imad Wasim to Warner, no run shorter length, he's back and punching to cover;
7.5;2;Imad Wasim to Warner, 2 runs shorter on middle, he's back and tucking this to midwicket, again he calls two immediately and gets there easily;
7.4;6;Imad Wasim to Warner, SIX runs in the slot, he stands and launches it over long on into the stands! It was caught in the crowd! This was just lobbed up in the arc, Warner spotted it, stood still and teed off. He got it out of the screws;
7.3;2;Imad Wasim to Warner, 2 runs 92kph, shorter, he's back and pulling to wide long on, they run brilliantly to pinch two;
7.2;1;Imad Wasim to Finch, 1 run fuller outside off, he skips down and crushes a drive straight to long off. That was lasered;
7.1;1;Imad Wasim to Warner, 1 run 89kph short and wide, he's back and slapping a cut shot in the air towards the deep cover-point;
6.6;?;Mohammad Hasnain to Finch, no run 141kph, fuller on off, he's back and hanging outside leg, he punches straight to cover;
6.5;1lb;Mohammad Hasnain to Warner, 1 leg bye 133kph, slung into leg stump, it cramps him and takes him on the thigh, Finch calls him through though;
6.4;2;Mohammad Hasnain to Warner, 2 runs length ball angled into the hip, he tucks it behind square just outside the circle and sprints for two. Exceptional running from Warner;
6.3;2;Mohammad Hasnain to Warner, 2 runs 141kph, shorter length, he mistimes a pull shot wide of mid on for a couple;
6.3;1w;Mohammad Hasnain to Warner, 1 wide 145kph, angled down the leg side and called wide;
6.2;?;Mohammad Hasnain to Warner, no run 143kph, bouncer, he sways inside the line;
6.1;1;Mohammad Hasnain to Finch, 1 run short and wide, he smokes a cut shot and it hits Shadab's wrist on the half volley. That stung. it bounces away for one;
5.6;?;Amir to Warner, no run 126kph, good length on middle, he works to midwicket but can't find a single;
5.5;4;Amir to Warner, FOUR runs 139kph, short ball, he rolls with a pull shot and the placement and timing is superb. He beats the two men on the rope. Picked the gap perfectly;
5.5;1w;Amir to Warner, 1 wide 135kph, predictable bouncer and it's too high;
5.4;4;Amir to Warner, FOUR runs 138kph, low full toss, he just punches it for four straight down the ground. That was a little too easy;
5.3;1;Amir to Finch, 1 run 136kph, back of a length outside off, he's back and mistiming a back foot drive wide of mid off;
5.2;?;Amir to Finch, no run good length on off, he pushes to mid off, he calls yes but then sends Warner back quickly;
5.1;1;Amir to Warner, 1 run 126kph, angled into leg, he works this off his pads square of midwicket for a single;
4.6;1;Mohammad Hasnain to Warner, 1 run 145kph, shorter length on middle, he leans back and lets it run off the angled bat to third man;
4.5;1;Mohammad Hasnain to Finch, 1 run 142kph, good length on middle, he pushes this neatly straight of mid on;
4.4;6;Mohammad Hasnain to Finch, SIX runs pulled over square leg! Cracking shot. Finch at his best. Shoulder high short ball outside off, he was back set up to hammer it, got it out of the screws and cleared the man on the rope easily!;
4.3;2;Mohammad Hasnain to Finch, 2 runs 144kph, angled into leg stump, full, he clips this neatly through square midwicket, the man in the deep is backward of square, they take on the throw for two and beat him;
4.2;?;Mohammad Hasnain to Finch, no run 146kph, outswinger outside off, back of a length, he's beaten fending away from his body;
4.1;?;Mohammad Hasnain to Finch, no run 141kph, good length, angled into the thigh pad, it comes off the thigh and runs to short fine;
3.6;1;Muhammad Musa to Finch, 1 run 140kph, chest high short ball, he ropes a pull at speed flat but short of the deep square on the fence;
3.5;4;Muhammad Musa to Finch, FOUR runs short and wide and cracked forward of point! It was in the air at a catchable height but wide of the man. Just a bad ball and met with a flashing blade;
3.4;6;Muhammad Musa to Finch, SIX runs hooked for six off the top edge. 143kph, bouncer right at the helmet, but fine leg is up, Finch swivelled and was hurried but the top edge goes all the way;
3.3;1;Muhammad Musa to Warner, 1 run 145kph, very full outside off, he squeezes a push into cover for a single;
3.2;1;Muhammad Musa to Finch, 1 run 143kph, full on off, he swings hard trying to hit down the ground, gets a thick inside edge that runs behind square;
3.1;?;Muhammad Musa to Finch, no run 147kph, very full on off, Finch is hanging back, left leg out of the way, he mistimes a drive to mid off;
2.6;?;Amir to Warner, no run 125kph, slower outswinger, he's back and jabbing a cut to point;
2.5;?;Amir to Warner, no run 135kph, short and very wide, he tries to upper cut with amazing bat speed but is beaten for bounce;
2.4;1;Amir to Finch, 1 run back of a length outside off, he's back and punching this to wide mid off and running sharply for an easy one;
2.4;1w;Amir to Finch, 1 wide 135kph, good length, but swinging down the leg side again;
2.3;?;Amir to Finch, no run 135kph, good length, shaping back into the thigh pad, he can't whip it away;
2.3;1w;Amir to Finch, 1 wide 134kph, swinging down the leg side. A long way down, Rizwan dives to take it;
2.2;1;Amir to Warner, 1 run 123kph, slower outswinger, he's squared up but guiding it away to third man;
2.1;4;Amir to Warner, FOUR runs dismissive pull shot. Fractionally short, he rocked back and with a short arm jab smacks it wide of mid on;
1.6;4;Muhammad Musa to Finch, FOUR runs short and fractionally wide, Finch cuts with authority, placing it through point. He got on top of the bounce and it raced through the infield;
1.5;?;Muhammad Musa to Finch, no run 139kph, back of a length, middle and off, he punches off the back foot but drags it to mid on;
1.4;?;Muhammad Musa to Finch, no run 142kph, good length, top of off, he is forced to defend back to the bowler;
1.3;4;Muhammad Musa to Finch, FOUR runs long half volley and he caresses a square drive through point. Finch had no trouble here. Just placed the gift through the gap;
1.2;?;Muhammad Musa to Finch, no run 142kph, beats him. Beaten for pace. Feet were anchored, he pushed at it and it zipped past the edge;
1.1;?;Muhammad Musa to Finch, no run back of a length, climbing outside off, and it comes off the stickers as he defends. He was surprised at 137kph;
0.6;?;Amir to Warner, no run back of a length, he pushes this to cover-point;
0.5;?;Amir to Warner, no run huge mix up and Imam misses! He did everything right. Warner crunches a cut shot, Imam makes an unbelievable diving save and Warner had taken off thinking he beat him, Imam got up had all the time he needed to throw the stumps down and missed;
0.4;?;Amir to Warner, no run full angled into leg, he pushes to mid on;
0.3;6;Amir to Warner, SIX runs top edge just carries over third man's head! Why was Hasnain off the rope? If he was on the rope he catches that at waist high! It was short and wide but the extra bounce caused the top edge to fly all the way to third man but it's six instead of a wicket;
0.2;?;Amir to Warner, no run 132kph, good length angled in, it comes off the thigh pad;
0.1;?;Amir to Warner, no run 130kph, perfect length, touch of shape away, he's squared up pushing to point;

Finch and Warner stride out. Amir will open the bowling. Two slips in.
We're not far away from the start of the chase. Can Pakistan pull off a miracle? They will need something special. It will be interesting to see how Hasnain and Musa go on a surface with a lot of pace and bounce.
hadi: "Pakistan beat Malan by 3 runs."
 Innings Start
Pakistan
Australia
3rd T20I (D/N), Perth, Nov 8 2019, Pakistan tour of Australia
106/8
109/0
Player of the match is Sean Abbott, AUS
Australia won by 10 wickets (with 49 balls remaining)
