Data
11.36pm Nevertheless, this has been a fine comeback from Pakistan. Australia were 95 for 0 in the tenth over, then lost 8 for 88. But runs on the board in a title bout counts for something. We will be back soon for the chase Cheers.
Vimal: "What was that about replacing Short again?"
19.6;4;Amir to Jhye Richardson, FOUR runs Yes, Australia go past 180. Fuller than a good length and slanting away wide outside off, Richardson, having skipped away outside leg, reached out for the ball and carves a four fine of deep third man;
19.5;2;Amir to Jhye Richardson, 2 runs full and angling across off, backs away and caresses it to sweeper cover;
19.4;W;Amir to Tye, OUT Killer yorker from Amir. It floors the middle stump. Ripper from over the wicket, storms under Tye's swinging bat. Can Australia reach 180?;Andrew Tye b Mohammad Amir 0 (2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
19.3;?;Amir to Tye, no run back of a length and zipping away outside off, Tye can't touch it;
19.2;1;Amir to Wildermuth, 1 run low full-toss slanting away outside off, scooped to mid-off for one;
19.1;W;Amir to Head, OUT Australia continue to lose their way in the end over. Head holes out to long-on. On a length and outside off, Head swings and gets more height as opposed to distance;Travis Head c Hasan Ali b Mohammad Amir 19 (11b 2x4 1x6) SR: 172.72;
18.6;W;Hasan Ali to Agar, OUT bowled'em. That's a bail trimmer. Good length on off stump, Agar swings for the hills... and does not get bat on ball. Hasan clips the off bail to cap his spell with a wicket;Ashton Agar b Hasan Ali 7 (7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
18.5;?;Hasan Ali to Agar, no run full and swinging away outside off, beats Agar's own swing;
18.5;1nb;Hasan Ali to Agar, (no ball) beamer, slips out of the hand, flies over the ducking Agar to Sarfraz. No-ball, of course. It did not pitch at all, flies into the hands of the keeper;
18.4;4;Hasan Ali to Agar, FOUR runs Hasan hunts for the yorker again, but overpitches it on middle stump, Agar gets underneath the length and swings a four over mid-off;
18.3;1;Hasan Ali to Head, 1 run leg-stump yorker, jammed to deep third man now;
18.2;1;Hasan Ali to Agar, 1 run middle-stump yorker, dug out to long-on;
18.1;1;Hasan Ali to Head, 1 run mighty full on leg stump, backs away and squeezes a single square through the off side;
15.6;1;Amir to Head, 1 run full-toss, swinging in at off, clipped to long leg;
15.5;?;Amir to Head, no run Head gets behind the line of this short ball on off and fends it back to Amir;
15.4;W;Amir to Stoinis, OUT full-toss, angling away outside off, Stoinis is forced to reach out for the ball. He carves this low full-toss to sweeper cover, where Malik, after dropping Finch on 0 earlier in the morning, takes it with both hands;Marcus Stoinis c Fakhar Zaman b Mohammad Amir 12 (10b 0x4 1x6) SR: 120;
15.3;?;Amir to Stoinis, no run lifter, angling away outside off, Stoinis does not get any bat on the ramp;
15.2;2;Amir to Stoinis, 2 runs low full-toss on off, Stoinis clears his front leg and smears it away down the ground. The man at long-on dives across to his left to intercept this muscular drive;
15.2;1w;Amir to Stoinis, 1 wide slower cutter, floated wide outside off past the tramline. Sarfraz suggested a slower one but Amir's line is wrong;
15.1;6;Amir to Stoinis, SIX runs back of a length on middle stump, Stoinis lines it up and muscles it over midwicket for a huuuuuuuge six. Three successive sixes for Australia;
14.6;6;Hasan Ali to Short, SIX runs Short now jumps away outside leg, dragged shorter and outside off, Short stays leg-side of the ball and launches another six, this soars over Hasan's head;
14.5;6;Hasan Ali to Short, SIX runs Short connects with this and middles a six over wide long-on. This was in his swinging arc - on a length and outside off - Short smites it away. Sarfraz shakes his head in disapproval;
14.4;1;Hasan Ali to Stoinis, 1 run slower length ball outside off, punched away down to long-on;
14.3;1;Hasan Ali to Short, 1 run slower offcutter outside off, toe-ended away to wide long-on;
14.2;2;Hasan Ali to Short, 2 runs middle-stump yorker, squeezed away to the left of deep square leg for two;
14.1;2;Hasan Ali to Short, 2 runs really full on middle stump, clipped away to deep midwicket;
17.6;2;Faheem to Agar, 2 runs wide yorker, jammed to sweeper cover. And here comes the fumble. Perfectly sumps up Pakistan;
17.5;?;Faheem to Agar, no run back of a length and angling across off, jabbed to short cover;
17.4;W;Faheem to Carey, OUT Pakistan's fielding veers from ordinary to extraordinary. This rocket drive from Carey seemed destined to fly to the boundary. Instead, Shadab throws himself to his right from mid-off and plucks it out with one hand, inches from the ground. Simply sensational. This was very full and outside off, belted away in the air. Then came Shadab's athletic intervention. What a youtubeable catch. Awesome stuff, Shadab;Alex Carey c Shadab Khan b Faheem Ashraf 2 (3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
17.3;1;Faheem to Head, 1 run very full on middle, Head backs away and smears a single down the ground;
17.3;1w;Faheem to Head, 1 wide off-side wide. Re-set the radar, Ashraf;
17.2;6;Faheem to Head, SIX runs really full on middle, right in the slot, Head clears his front leg and walllllllllops it into the stands beyond midwicket. Brute power from Head;
17.1;1;Faheem to Carey, 1 run Carey jumps across off for a lap-sweep but this ball it too short for the shot. Edges it away behind square;
16.6;?;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Head, no run short and thuds in towards off stump, Head looks to pull but falls on the floor;
16.5;4;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Head, FOUR runs overpitched and outside off, leans into a drive and places it to the right of mid-off for back-to-back fours;
16.4;4;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Head, FOUR runs really full and outside off, opens the face and squeezes it away between backward point and third man for four;
16.3;1;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Carey, 1 run full and straight, Carey whips to deep square leg;
16.2;W;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Short, OUT on a length and outside off, Short flays it straight to cover. He stays leg-side of this ball and holes out to Farhan. No celebration from Afridi. Short lost his shape while meeting the ball;D'Arcy Short c Sahibzada Farhan b Shaheen Shah Afridi 76 (53b 7x4 4x6) SR: 143.39;
16.1;1;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Head, 1 run full-toss wide outside off, sliced away to sweeper cover;
13.6;1;Shadab to Short, 1 run Short leans back to this skidder outside off and chops a risky single to short third man;
13.5;4;Shadab to Short, FOUR runs Short camps back to this short googly and flashes another four fine of short third man for four;
13.4;1;Shadab to Stoinis, 1 run back of a length and breaks away outside off, lashed off the back foot to sweeper cover's right;
13.3;1;Shadab to Short, 1 run full googly outside off, slapped to mid-off;
13.2;?;Shadab to Short, no run another googly, turns and bounces outside off past the cut. Sarfraz lets the ball bounce out of his gloves now;
13.1;?;Shadab to Short, no run Short skips out, Shadab darts a googly outside off, stabbed into the covers;
12.6;?;Hasan Ali to Stoinis, no run short inducker, nips back in and cramps the batsman for room. Stoinis inside-edges the ball beside his feet;
12.5;2;Hasan Ali to Stoinis, 2 runs lifter, slower ball, outside off, periscoped away to third man;
12.4;?;Hasan Ali to Stoinis, no run pitched up and outside off, forward and drilled through the line to mid-off;
12.3;?;Hasan Ali to Stoinis, no run back of a length on middle stump, defended to the leg side off the back foot;
12.2;1;Hasan Ali to Short, 1 run Dropped by Shadab at backward point. He throws himself to his right but the ball bursts out. Back of a length and outside leg following the moving batsman who chips a leading edge and continues to lead a charmed life;
12.1;?;Hasan Ali to Short, no run Hasan hits a hard length on middle and forces the batsman to jab it back to him;
11.6;W;Shadab to Maxwell, OUT Maxwell swings one straight into the lap of Ali at long-on. Pushed through on middle stump, Maxwell winds up and golf-swings it straight to the man in the deep. Two wickets in three overs for Pakistan;Glenn Maxwell c Asif Ali b Shadab Khan 5 (5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
11.5;1;Shadab to Short, 1 run opens the face and nurdles a single in front of point for one;
11.4;2;Shadab to Short, 2 runs full and outside off, driven on the up to cover, where the fielder lets it through his legs. Short celebrates his return with a fifty and gets a hug from Maxi;
11.3;?;Shadab to Short, no run Short dabs this from outside off to short third man. There's a mix-up between the wickets. Maxi asks his partner to undo his steps. Short slips but dishes out a full-length dive to make his crease;
11.2;4;Shadab to Short, FOUR runs back of a length and outside off, another googly, Short has a crack at it and slashes an outside edge fine of short third man;
11.1;?;Shadab to Short, no run flatter wrong'un, spins away past the waft outside off;
10.6;1;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Short, 1 run Short rides the bounce of this short ball outside off and steers a single down to deep third man;
10.5;?;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Short, no run inswinging yorker, nearly storms through the defences of Short and takes the leg stump. Lucky to get away is Short;
10.4;1;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Maxwell, 1 run full and nipping into the pads, inside-edged away to square leg as Maxwell does not get enough bat onto the leg-side flick;
10.3;2;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Maxwell, 2 runs full-toss angling across off, Maxi carves it away to the right of deep third man. 100 up for Australia;
10.2;1;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Short, 1 run full and just a shade outside off, looks like a cutter that grips in the pitch and foils the timing, Short drags a heave but it does not carry to wide long-on;
10.1;1;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Maxwell, 1 run Horrid fielding from Pakistan. Afridi is the culprit off his own bowling. Full on middle, played back, the bowler lazily lets it sneak through his hands;
9.6;1;Shadab to Maxwell, 1 run sliding into the pads, clipped away to leg;
9.5;W;Shadab to Finch, OUT Finally Pakistan have caught one! Finch backs away outside leg even before Shadab delivers this legbreak outside off, this shortish ball spins away from Finch. He flays it in the air to Farhan, the debutant, who hangs onto the catch with both hands at cover. No fifty for the Finchmeister;Aaron Finch c Sahibzada Farhan b Shadab Khan 47 (27b 2x4 3x6) SR: 174.07;
9.4;2;Shadab to Finch, 2 runs googly, short, clipped with the break to deep square leg;
9.3;2;Shadab to Finch, 2 runs flat dart just outside off, Finch can't get under it, ends up hacking it straight of long-on for a double;
9.2;6;Shadab to Finch, SIX runs looped up outside off, Finch drops down to one knee, sizes it up and clubs it over the long-on fielder for another six;
9.1;?;Shadab to Finch, no run Finch stays leg-side of this legbreak outside off and stabs an inside edge to the bowler's right;
8.6;1;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Finch, 1 run full on the stumps, driven away to cow corner, they decide against the second run;
8.5;?;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Finch, no run dug in short at the body, Finch now misses out on a hook, he was early into the shot, this was the change-up. Cops a blow on the chest;
8.4;?;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Finch, no run another leg-stump ball, Finch misses out on a flick again;
8.3;1;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Short, 1 run Short keeps back to this incoming length ball and secures a single to square leg;
8.2;1lb;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Finch, 1 leg bye full and slanting outside leg, catches the thigh pad and wanders away in the direction of midwicket;
8.1;1;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Short, 1 run overpitched on leg stump, Short clears his front leg and blasts a single down to long-on;
7.6;6;Shadab to Finch, SIX runs Finch backs away outside leg and launches it with great authority of Sarfraz's head. Looped up wide outside off, Finch stays leg-side of the ball and hoists it for six;
7.5;?;Shadab to Finch, no run good length and slides in at off, defended back. "Very well bowled," says Sarfraz from behind the stumps;
7.4;1;Shadab to Short, 1 run another googly, short and spins away outside off, dabbed away wide of short third man for one;
7.3;?;Shadab to Short, no run googly, breaks away outside off, Short picks it and lets it go;
7.2;4;Shadab to Short, FOUR runs back of a length and sliding away outside off from over the wicket, Short employs the latest of late cuts and sends the ball away fine of short third man for four;
7.1;2;Shadab to Short, 2 runs Short skips out right away and forces a shortish legbreak through square leg;
6.6;1;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Short, 1 run really full on middle stump, Short steps away outside leg, and crunches it away to sweeper cover;
6.5;1;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Finch, 1 run Finch ventures outside leg, Afridi chases him with a full dart, which is glanced away to short fine leg. The two batsmen risk a single. Short scoots off and slides his bat in. Even a direct hit might not have been enough;
6.4;4;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Finch, FOUR runs on a length and angling away outside off, Finch has a crack at it. And shovels in the air past the right of midwicket. The bottom hand doing all the work to generate strength;
6.3;6;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Finch, SIX runs Finch forays down the track, Afridi drags his length back and targets the body of the batsman. Top-edges it over fine leg's head for six;
6.2;1lb;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Short, 1 leg bye full and sliding into the pads, squirted away to midwicket;
6.1;1;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Finch, 1 run Afridi hits a hard length and gets the ball to angle away outside off, Finch hops and jams to cover;

A lot of love for Afridi on feedback. Here's another Afridi. Over the stumps
 Innings Start
1.21pm There it is. Pakistan seal their highest successful chase to win the tri-series title. Notably, this is their ninth successive T20I series win. Sarfraz runs onto the field and embraces Asif Ali and the uber-cool Shoaib Malik. Australia's openers Finch and Short ran away to 95 for 0 but some excellent end-overs bowling sparked a collapse as Australia lost 8 for 88. Fakhar Zaman then led the chase with a blistering 91 off 46 balls. Stick around for the presentation, ladies and gents.
Bilal: "Wait!!What?? I saw the Australian innings and thought match over Pakistan can't chase and went to sleep, now I've woken up to see this win, come on Pakistan you can't do this to me."
Finch: I thought we should have got around 200 and we just kept losing the wickets, which stalled the momentum. Pakistan played well. Yeah, I thought we started well with the ball. Fakhar Zaman played one hell of a knock. A 90-odd in a T20 game is hard to beat.
Zaman, Player of the Match and Player of the Series: I like these pitches. From the first game, I was in form. I have played here in 2016, the wickets were not that good then. Hard work in nets is the main thing. I take time at the start and play my natural game. After we lost two wickets, I told Safi I will play my natural game. Australia played well. Congratulations to my team
Sarfraz: It's a great team effort. Credit to the bowlers. Then Fakhar Zaman and Malik finished it for us. There were some dropped catches but we took the momentum in the second innings. The way Fakhar is batting and the whole tournament he and Malik batting well. Credit to the boys and management.
Sarfraz collects the trophy and is joined by his team-mates. There's the No. 1 T20I team. That's a wrap of this tri-series. Goodbye
Marshall Raja: "Aus seriously need to have a look at their squad. They need some solidity in their Middle Order and some skill in their bowling. Need to go for a specialist spinner. Agar is neither a batting all-rounder nor a bowling all-rounder."
Shahrukh: "What a way to chase highest total ever! From 2/2 to 187/4. This is why No.1."
Adeel Sheikh: "It happened 2nd time in past 1 year. The team gave Pakistan a humiliating defeat in league game got beaten by them in the Final of the same tournament. First India in CT2017 now Aussies in Tri Series. Fakhar the man once again!"
Ali Hasni: "Today Pakistan played like Australians and Aussie played like Pakistan, such a professional turnaround, never expected!!"
19.2;4;Stoinis to Asif Ali, FOUR runs Pakistan clinch the tri-series in Zimbabwe! Back of a length and outside off, slower offcutter from Stoinis, Asif Ali reads it and slugs it away wide of deep midwicket for four;
19.1;1;Stoinis to Malik, 1 run back of a length and outside off, muscled away to long-on;
18.6;2;Tye to Asif Ali, 2 runs middle-stump yorker, jammed down to long-on for a couple of runs. Pakistan another couple away from victory;
18.5;1;Tye to Malik, 1 run slog-swept away to deep fine leg;
18.4;?;Tye to Malik, no run Malik backs away outside leg and digs out a yorker to the keeper;
18.3;1;Tye to Asif Ali, 1 run Ali bunts a full ball on middle to long-on;
18.2;1;Tye to Malik, 1 run shuffles outside leg and nurdles a single past short fine leg;
18.1;4;Tye to Malik, FOUR runs full on middle stump, Malik backs away outside leg and smears it over point for four;
17.6;6;Jhye Richardson to Asif Ali, SIX runs nice and full on off - right in the slot - Asif Ali gets underneath the length and slams it straight over the bowler's head like a boss. The slower ball has been dispatched into the stands;
17.5;2;Jhye Richardson to Asif Ali, 2 runs slower ball outside off, pulled away straight of long-on. Finch slides to his left and parries the ball to long-off;
17.4;1;Jhye Richardson to Malik, 1 run banged in short on middle, shovel-pulls to deep square leg;
17.3;1;Jhye Richardson to Asif Ali, 1 run slower ball outside off, driven hard to long-off;
17.2;1;Jhye Richardson to Malik, 1 run near yorker on middle, squeezed away to long-on;
17.1;6;Jhye Richardson to Malik, SIX runs length ball on off stump, Malik lines it up and smokes it over the midwicket boundary. Such a smooth swing;
16.6;?;Tye to Asif Ali, no run Asif aims to mow a length ball over midwicket but is beaten by extra bounce in the corridor;
16.5;1;Tye to Malik, 1 run turned to the leg side for one;
16.4;1;Tye to Asif Ali, 1 run full on middle and leg, tapped down to long-off for one now;
16.3;?;Tye to Asif Ali, no run back of a length and outside off, Ali slogs and misses;
16.2;?;Tye to Asif Ali, no run fullish on off, dropped to the covers;
16.1;?;Tye to Asif Ali, no run back of a length and nips away outside off past the outside edge;
15.6;W;Jhye Richardson to Zaman, OUT Zaman holes out to deep backward point. No hundred for him. Zaman shows his cards early and steps away outside leg. The bowler goes shorter and wider outside off. Zaman still reaches out for the ball and slices underneath the ball in the air but straight down the throat of Maddinson, the sub;Fakhar Zaman c sub (NJ Maddinson) b Richardson 91 (46b 12x4 3x6) SR: 197.82;
15.5;1;Jhye Richardson to Malik, 1 run back of a length on middle, flipped away to deep square leg for one;
15.4;1;Jhye Richardson to Zaman, 1 run slower cutter on middle, run away to point;
15.3;1;Jhye Richardson to Malik, 1 run leans back and chops this short ball much finer to third man;
15.2;?;Jhye Richardson to Malik, no run back of a length on off, Malik sits back in the crease and chops the ball away to point;
15.2;1w;Jhye Richardson to Malik, 1 wide leg-side wide;
15.1;2;Jhye Richardson to Malik, 2 runs full on the stumps, laced down to long-on;
14.6;4;Stoinis to Zaman, FOUR runs slower, short ball outside off, crunched away. Agar overruns the ball and gives up four. Nothing going Australia's way;
14.5;4;Stoinis to Zaman, FOUR runs short and wide outside off, Zaman stays leg-side of the ball again, and pummels it away to the cover fence. Flat-bats this offcutter into oblivion;
14.4;1;Stoinis to Malik, 1 run slower bouncer on middle, swatted away to long leg;
14.3;1;Stoinis to Zaman, 1 run full-toss outside off, driven sweetly to sweeper cover;
14.2;1;Stoinis to Malik, 1 run offcutter outside off, whipped away to deep midwicket;
14.1;1;Stoinis to Zaman, 1 run Zaman gets on top of a short ball outside off and firmly cuts it away to sweeper cover;
13.6;?;Stanlake to Malik, no run Malik backs away, leg-stump yorker, dug back;
13.5;?;Stanlake to Malik, no run short and skips back in, fended to the covers off the back foot;
13.4;1;Stanlake to Zaman, 1 run Jumps away outside leg and stabs it to the leg side;
13.3;6;Stanlake to Zaman, SIX runs short and wide outside off, Zaman jumps outside leg and flays it up and over backward point. Thumped into the deserted stands;
13.2;1;Stanlake to Malik, 1 run short and just a shade outside off, Malik gets up on his tippy toes and rides it down to deep third man's right;
13.1;1lb;Stanlake to Zaman, 1 leg bye Fakhar moves away outside leg, Stanlake chases him with a full ball that grazes the pad and squirts away to fine leg;
12.6;1;Tye to Zaman, 1 run low full toss on off, and that's been driven to long off for one. Malik wanted two, but Fakhar says no;
12.5;1;Tye to Malik, 1 run slower ball, but on a length outside off. Malik opens his bat's face and pushes to point with soft hands;
12.4;4;Tye to Malik, FOUR runs up and over! Short on off, and Malik tries to pull. Through his shot too early, and it's been top-edged over Carey. Leaking runs now;
12.3;1;Tye to Zaman, 1 run yorker outside off, and Fakhar digs this down the ground to long off for a quick single;
12.2;4;Tye to Zaman, FOUR runs cheeky! Slower ball outside off again, and Fakhar shuffles across to the leg side, and scoops a pull over square leg for more runs;
12.1;4;Tye to Zaman, FOUR runs full outside off, but it's the slower ball from Tye. Waits for the ball to get to him, before slapping a late cut past the keeper's left;
11.6;1b;Agar to Zaman, 1 bye full and fast outside off stump. Fakhar lets it go, and the ball hits the keeper's pads. The ball trickles away to point for extras;
11.5;4;Agar to Zaman, FOUR runs drilled! Full on leg stump, but Fakhar expected that. Backs away to the leg side, and then slaps this past Malik for a boundary. Almost took the non-striker out;
11.4;4;Agar to Zaman, FOUR runs full outside off, and once again Fakhar comes down the wicket. Mistimes a thump over the non-striker's head, but still has enough legs to crash into the boundary. Ten off two balls;
11.3;6;Agar to Zaman, SIX runs straight as an arrow! Full outside off, and he comes dancing down the wicket before drilling it over Agar's head! Enough width for him to smack this flat-batted for a maximum. Fifty too;
11.2;1;Agar to Malik, 1 run full on leg stump, and Malik opens his stance to drive to cover;
11.1;1;Agar to Zaman, 1 run full just outside off. Spinning into Fakhar, and he swipes at it across the line. Thumped to long on;
10.6;1;Wildermuth to Zaman, 1 run Zaman throws his hands a wide one and smears it to sweeper cover to round out the 10-ball over;
10.5;2;Wildermuth to Zaman, 2 runs back of a length and angling away close to off, punched up to backward point. The fielder has a shy at the non-striker's end and concedes an overthrow;
10.5;1w;Wildermuth to Zaman, 1 wide back of a length and angling away outside past the tramline. Yet another off-side wide;
10.5;1w;Wildermuth to Zaman, 1 wide very full and very wide outside off, Zaman flits around in the crease, throwing the bowler off;
10.5;1w;Wildermuth to Zaman, 1 wide darted short and too wide outside off, another off-side wide from Wildermuth;
10.4;4;Wildermuth to Zaman, FOUR runs short, wide, reaches out for the ball with his hands and carves it away behind point. The ball thuds into the boundary. Zaman loves it there;
10.4;1w;Wildermuth to Zaman, 1 wide short and wide outside off, looks like another slower ball, but it's well past the tramline;
10.3;?;Wildermuth to Zaman, no run slower short ball outside off, Zaman cuts and misses in the corridor, throwing his hands at the ball;
10.2;1;Wildermuth to Malik, 1 run full and angling in on middle, tipped away to square leg;
10.1;4;Wildermuth to Malik, FOUR runs tucked off the hips to the right of deep square leg for four. Poor line from Wildermuth to follow the fumble at cover;
9.6;2;Stanlake to Zaman, 2 runs full on middle, backs away and smears it to extra cover, where Wildermuth fumbles;
9.5;1;Stanlake to Malik, 1 run back of a length and outside off, smoothly punched to sweeper cover;
9.4;1;Stanlake to Zaman, 1 run picked off the pads to fine leg;
9.3;?;Stanlake to Zaman, no run Zaman backs away outside leg, the bowler follows him with a bouncer, the opener carefully ducks under it;
9.2;1;Stanlake to Malik, 1 run full on middle stump, push-driven down to long-on;
9.1;?;Stanlake to Malik, no run Malik moves outside leg, back of a length and wide outside off, past the reach of Malik;
8.6;4;Maxwell to Zaman, FOUR runs back of a length on middle, this hip-high ball is merrily swatted away over backward square leg for a one-bounce four. Bam!;
8.5;1;Maxwell to Malik, 1 run tossed on middle, eased away between wide long-on and deep midwicket;
8.4;1;Maxwell to Zaman, 1 run off-stump yorker, jammed down to long-on;
8.3;1;Maxwell to Malik, 1 run Malik comes down the track, Maxwell fires it short and wide outside off, chopped away to point;
8.2;2;Maxwell to Malik, 2 runs short, angling away, leans back and punches in the gap at point;
8.1;2;Maxwell to Malik, 2 runs full on middle from round the wicket, bunted away to long-on;
7.6;1;Stoinis to Malik, 1 run Malik gets off the mark after seven balls with a pull shot to long-on;
7.5;1;Stoinis to Zaman, 1 run slower, short ball on middle, swivel-pulled to short fine leg. Another offcutter from Stoinis;
7.4;2;Stoinis to Zaman, 2 runs slower offcutter, punched up to backward point;
7.3;?;Stoinis to Zaman, no run slower ball, beaten outside off;
7.2;4;Stoinis to Zaman, FOUR runs back of a length on the hips, Zaman flicks his wrists and sends the ball to the square-leg boundary;
7.1;6;Stoinis to Zaman, SIX runs Zaman jumps away outside leg, takes a length ball and plants it into the stands beyond wide long-on. Muscled away;
6.6;?;Jhye Richardson to Malik, no run back of a length on off, tapped to point;
6.5;?;Jhye Richardson to Malik, no run back of a length and angling in on off, opens the face and plays it behind to the keeper;
6.4;?;Jhye Richardson to Malik, no run back of a length and angling into a dab to point;
6.3;1;Jhye Richardson to Zaman, 1 run Zaman leans back and chops a short ball from outside off to backward point;
6.2;?;Jhye Richardson to Zaman, no run banged short and outside off, chops a cut to the covers;
6.1;?;Jhye Richardson to Zaman, no run dipping full-toss on leg stump, dug out;
5.6;?;Tye to Malik, no run short knuckle ball, Malik is early into his shot and wears it on the body;
5.5;?;Tye to Malik, no run slower ball on off, chipped past the left of the bowler;
5.4;?;Tye to Malik, no run back of a length and outside off, punched back to the bowler;
5.3;1;Tye to Zaman, 1 run short on leg stump, flapped away to short fine leg;
5.2;W;Tye to Sarfaraz, 2 runs, OUT on a length and outside off, Sarfraz knows fine leg is up, he scoops it away over short fine leg. Nice shot but harebrained running between the wickets. Richardson swoops down on the ball, slides, hauls it in, and the throw comes to the bowler, Sarfraz is caught napping on the third. He was so very late to take off. Lazy running;Sarfaraz Ahmed run out (Richardson/Tye) 28 (19b 4x4 1x6) SR: 147.36;
5.1;4;Tye to Sarfaraz, FOUR runs slower ball, short and outside off, Sarfraz reads the change-up and drags it away to the wide long-on boundary. Shot, Safi;
4.6;1;Jhye Richardson to Sarfaraz, 1 run picked off the hips wide of short fine leg for one;
4.5;4;Jhye Richardson to Sarfaraz, FOUR runs back of a length on a fourth-stump line, spanked away. Stays leg-side of the ball and sends it up and over extra cover with a flourish;
4.4;?;Jhye Richardson to Sarfaraz, no run back of a length and seaming away, another swish and a miss. Four dots on the bounce;
4.3;?;Jhye Richardson to Sarfaraz, no run Sarfraz makes room outside leg but is beaten by this zippy short ball chasing him;
4.2;?;Jhye Richardson to Sarfaraz, no run back of a length, angling in, straightening away as Sarfraz wafts and misses in the channel;
4.1;?;Jhye Richardson to Sarfaraz, no run back of a length on a fourth-stump line, opens the face and punches to cover;
3.6;1;Stanlake to Sarfaraz, 1 run pitched up and outside off, punched up to Tye at mid-on for one;
3.5;4;Stanlake to Sarfaraz, FOUR runs Sarfraz hangs deep in the crease, picks a short ball from outside off and pulls it away to the long-on fence;
3.4;?;Stanlake to Sarfaraz, no run back of a length and on a fifth-stump line, Sarfraz backs away and looks to go over the covers. No dice. Beaten on the outside edge;
3.3;?;Stanlake to Sarfaraz, no run Sarfraz aims for a cut, but Stanlake hits the splice with a short ball. It rolls away to point;
3.2;1;Stanlake to Zaman, 1 run Zaman backs away outside leg and stabs a shortish ball to point;
3.1;4;Stanlake to Zaman, FOUR runs Zaman steps away outside leg, this is on a length and outside off, the batsman stays leg-side of the ball and pumps it over the covers. Pakistan's chase is on;
2.6;4;Maxwell to Sarfaraz, FOUR runs Sarfraz jumps outside leg again, meets a short ball outside off and flays it square through the off side for another boundary;
2.5;6;Maxwell to Sarfaraz, SIX runs Sarfraz jumps away outside leg, this is tossed on his legs. Sarfraz goes low and slugs a slog-sweep over midwicket;
2.4;1;Maxwell to Zaman, 1 run Zaman runs down the track and hacks a short ball from middle down to long-on;
2.3;4;Maxwell to Zaman, FOUR runs back of a length and breaks away outside off, Zaman skips away outside leg, creates additional room and carts it up and over extra cover;
2.2;4;Maxwell to Zaman, FOUR runs darted outside off, drilled down the ground past the left of Maxwell for a powerful four;
2.1;2;Maxwell to Zaman, 2 runs tossed up at off, dips, skewed in the air over extra cover;
1.6;?;Stanlake to Sarfaraz, no run back of a length and bounces over middle stump as Sarfraz hoicks to the leg side and misses;
1.5;1;Stanlake to Zaman, 1 run back of a length on leg stump, Zaman gets behind the line and pushes a single to the covers;
1.4;?;Stanlake to Zaman, no run lifter on leg stump, gets big on Zaman, and beats the hook;
1.3;1;Stanlake to Sarfaraz, 1 run wide of the crease, holds its line outside off, Sarfraz angles it down to deep third man;
1.2;?;Stanlake to Sarfaraz, no run back of a length and snaking in on off, Sarfraz hops, skips, and fends it away to the leg side;
1.1;?;Stanlake to Sarfaraz, no run runs in hard, finds extra bounce to send the ball screaming past the outside edge right away;
0.6;?;Maxwell to Zaman, no run dropped short and outside off, Zaman reaches out for the ball and flashes to point;
0.5;1;Maxwell to Sarfaraz, 1 run full on pads from round the stumps, glanced to fine leg;
0.4;W;Maxwell to Talat, OUT Maxwell strikes twice in the first over with the new ball. Talat also gone for a duck. Maxwell tosses up this outside off and gets it to break away. Talat drives a long way away from the body and slices a catch to backward point. Dream start to the defence for Maxwell and Australia;Hussain Talat c Richardson b Maxwell 0 (3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
0.3;?;Maxwell to Talat, no run pushed through on off stump, forward and tipped to the covers;
0.2;?;Maxwell to Talat, no run lobbed up outside off, encourages the batsman to drive and goes past the outside edge;
0.2;W;Maxwell to Sahibzada Farhan, 1 wide, OUT Duck for Farhan on T20I debut. What an unfortunate way to go, that too in your first international. Maxwell slides a full ball down the leg side, draws the batsman out of the crease, Farhan falls over, and the keeper whips the bails off. Stumped off a leg-side wide;Sahibzada Farhan st ?Carey b Maxwell 0 (0b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
0.1;1;Maxwell to Zaman, 1 run flighted on off from round the wicket, driven down to long-off off the front foot;

11.45amHello again. Zaman has a new opening partner in Farhan, who averages just over 52 in List A cricket. Maxi has the new ball. Interesting...
Adarsh: "Fakhar Zaman vs Billy Stanlake will be the key battle, which might even decide the outcome of the match."
 Innings Start
Australia
Pakistan
Final, Harare, Jul 8 2018, ZIM T20 Tri Series
183/8
187/4
Player of the match is Fakhar Zaman, PAK
Pakistan won by 6 wickets (with 4 balls remaining)
