Data
6.45pm That's an excellent fightback from Australia after Pakistan put on 126 in 25 overs for the opening stand. The platform had been laid but the middle and lower order dismantled it completely, unable to hit boundaries or rotate the strike. Only one of the five regular bowlers conceded at over 4.50 an over and Pakistan will by highly disappointed to score only 215 after that start. Join us again in 30 minutes for the chase
49.3;W;Kane Richardson to Irfan, OUT Irfan has been beaten twice and he's run out! The slow leg cutter beat him after pitching outside off first as he tried to poke, Fawad wanted the strike but Irfan realised it too late. Haddin passed on the ball to Richardson who was near the middle of the pitch and took a couple of steps before knocking over the stumps as if Irfan was on another planet;Mohammad Irfan run out (?Haddin/Richardson) 0 (5m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
49.2;1;Kane Richardson to Fawad Alam, 1 run yorker on middle stump now, digs it out to midwicket for one;
49.1;?;Kane Richardson to Fawad Alam, no run in the block hole outside off, Fawad looks to tap it on off but misses;
48.6;1;Faulkner to Fawad Alam, 1 run bit fuller now and it's turned away to deep square leg and he keeps strike;
48.5;?;Faulkner to Fawad Alam, no run he makes room for the ball cutting in, and guess what - he can't clear point;
48.4;W;Faulkner to Babar, OUT something has happened in the match, it's a wicket! From back of the hand again outside off, Babar waited for it to smash it on off but managed a top edge and it was taken easily by Maxwell near point;Zulfiqar Babar c Maxwell b Faulkner 6 (12m 11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 54.54;
48.3;?;Faulkner to Babar, no run legcutter from the back of the hand comes in from outside off and surprises Babar as he tries to defend;
48.2;?;Faulkner to Babar, no run on length and angled in, driven towards cover;
48.1;1;Faulkner to Fawad Alam, 1 run back of length outside off, slaps it down the ground to long-off, but only for one;
47.6;?;Kane Richardson to Babar, no run attempted yorker is a low full toss on middle and leg and it's pushed to cover;
47.5;2;Kane Richardson to Babar, 2 runs lofted over mid-off with rather ease. It was full outside off and he chipped it high in the air to clear the infield for two;
47.4;?;Kane Richardson to Babar, no run back of length outside off, defends the ball to cover point;
47.3;2;Kane Richardson to Babar, 2 runs stifled appeal as it goes fine down the leg side and the fielder cuts it off in the boundary but the umpire says he got bat on that;
47.2;1;Kane Richardson to Fawad Alam, 1 run full outside off this time, he swishes and hits it in the air to third man;
47.1;?;Kane Richardson to Fawad Alam, no run full on the off stump, he slogs and can't clear midwicket;
46.6;?;Faulkner to Babar, no run full on the off stump, he defends and the ball whizzes back to the bowler;
46.5;?;Faulkner to Babar, no run angled in towards the leg stump, he makes room but can't clear midwicket;
46.4;?;Faulkner to Babar, no run full delivery outside off, driven to cover;
46.3;1;Faulkner to Fawad Alam, 1 run angled in now towards the batsman, tucked to deep midwicket for one;
46.2;?;Faulkner to Fawad Alam, no run another one from the back of the hand, this one short of length and it's cut to point, still no run;
46.1;?;Faulkner to Fawad Alam, no run slower delivery from the back of the hand on leg stump, he makes some room to drive it to cover;
39.6;?;Johnson to Afridi, no run fullish on leg stump, pushes it down to mid-on;
39.5;?;Johnson to Afridi, no run short ball on the leg side, Afridi ducks under it;
39.4;?;Johnson to Afridi, no run back of length around off and he rolled his fingers a bit, Afridi poked and missed outside off;
39.3;1;Johnson to Fawad Alam, 1 run back of length and angled in, tucked to fine leg for one off the back foot;
39.2;?;Johnson to Fawad Alam, no run rolled his fingers over this one but it was at 142kph on length outside off, pushed down to mid-on;
39.1;?;Johnson to Fawad Alam, no run swings in towards the pads and hits them as Fawad can't connect;
38.6;W;Lyon to Shafiq, OUT can't clear the field this time, gives an easy catch to mid-off! He charged down the track again to clear mid-off but gave an easy catch to Johnson at the edge of the circle;Asad Shafiq c Johnson b Lyon 29 (63m 35b 2x4 1x6) SR: 82.85;
38.6;1w;Lyon to Shafiq, 1 wide pitches on leg and goes down the leg side for a wide after the turn;
38.5;?;Lyon to Shafiq, no run on leg this time on length, tucked to short fine leg for one;
38.4;4;Lyon to Shafiq, FOUR runs charges down the track, mid-off is in, and he clears the infield easily with a lofted shot by taking it on the full and gets a four despite a slow outfield;
38.3;1;Lyon to Fawad Alam, 1 run length delivery outside off, pushed to cover this time for one;
38.2;?;Lyon to Fawad Alam, no run pitched outside off and he tries to sweep by going far too across but can't connect it;
38.1;?;Lyon to Fawad Alam, no run bit of flight outside off, Fawad stayed back to defend and the extra bounce got a bit of glove to go to slip after a bounce;
45.6;2;Kane Richardson to Babar, 2 runs on length outside off, pushed softly past cover in the gap and they come back for the second in time;
45.5;W;Kane Richardson to Raza Hasan, OUT is he run out on debut for a duck? Indeed! He tucked the length ball to midwicket for a single that didn't exist. He was sent back by Fawad and Smith was too quick to throw the ball to Haddin who whips the bails off;Raza Hasan run out (Smith/?Haddin) 0 (3m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
45.4;?;Kane Richardson to Raza Hasan, no run fullish towards middle and leg again, thick inside edge goes to square leg;
45.4;1w;Kane Richardson to Raza Hasan, 1 wide full and down the leg side for a wide;
45.3;W;Kane Richardson to Wahab Riaz, OUT missed it completely! It was a full delivery angled in towards middle and leg, Wahab looked to flick it with no timing and was bowled;Wahab Riaz b Richardson 2 (9m 8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
45.2;1;Kane Richardson to Fawad Alam, 1 run full on middle and leg, pushed delicately to cover for a quick single as Bailey tried for a direct hit at the keeper's end but could not. If he had, Wahab was gone;
45.1;?;Kane Richardson to Fawad Alam, no run fullish delivery outside off, pushed to cover;
44.6;?;Lyon to Wahab Riaz, no run flighted outside off and that's pushed back to the bowler;
44.5;1;Lyon to Fawad Alam, 1 run flighted on middle, swept fine to fine leg for one;
44.4;1;Lyon to Wahab Riaz, 1 run leans forward and tucks the ball towards square leg for one;
44.3;?;Lyon to Wahab Riaz, no run on length outside off, pushed to cover this time;
44.2;?;Lyon to Wahab Riaz, no run turn from outside off, Wahab looked to sweep and the ball lobbed up after an edge and off the pad towards silly point, Haddin leapt but couldn't get there;
44.1;?;Lyon to Wahab Riaz, no run length delivery on middle and leg, he leans forward and defends;
43.6;1;Johnson to Wahab Riaz, 1 run on length outside off, tapped off the back foot to third man;
43.5;?;Johnson to Wahab Riaz, no run length delivery on the stumps, pushed to the leg side;
43.4;W;Johnson to Afridi, OUT wild swing, he connects with an edge and it's taken on second attempt at slip! It was another big swing outside off, Afridi got a thick edge and the ball was going over Smith's head. He leapt and got both hands to it, but it popped out and went to his left, Haddin wanted to get it too but Smith got it in the end with a dive;Shahid Afridi c Smith b Johnson 2 (23m 9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 22.22;
43.4;1w;Johnson to Afridi, 1 wide sways down the leg side with a short ball for a wide;
43.3;?;Johnson to Afridi, no run angled across on length outside off, Afridi tries a big swing and misses too;
43.2;1;Johnson to Fawad Alam, 1 run nearly in the block hole, it's flicked off the pads down to fine leg where Warner appears like Flash to keep it to one;
43.1;?;Johnson to Fawad Alam, no run back of length and cutting in from just outside off, Fawad makes room for a wild slog on the leg side but misses it completely;
42.6;1;Faulkner to Fawad Alam, 1 run on length just outside off, driven wide of cover for one and he keeps strike;
42.5;1;Faulkner to Afridi, 1 run on length outside off, swept like Sarfraz to square leg for one;
42.4;1;Faulkner to Fawad Alam, 1 run on length outside off, pushed wide of cover for one;
42.3;?;Faulkner to Fawad Alam, no run another slower on from back of the hand, this one on off stump and Fawad defends it back;
42.2;?;Faulkner to Fawad Alam, no run slower legcutter from the back of the hand outside off, defends it to point;
42.1;4;Faulkner to Fawad Alam, FOUR runs full on middle and leg and Fawad makes room to smash it back along the ground to beat mid-on and collect his first boundary;
41.6;?;Johnson to Afridi, no run length ball outside off, pushed down gently to mid-off;
41.5;1;Johnson to Fawad Alam, 1 run short ball, pulled and oh that's hit the square leg umpire on the right ankle. Fawad hit it well wide of both midwicket and short midwicket but couldn't get it beyond the umpire;
41.4;?;Johnson to Fawad Alam, no run on the off stump and Fawad defends it on the off side;
41.3;1;Johnson to Afridi, 1 run back of length on the off stump, tapped wide of point towards third man for one and he's off the mark;
41.2;?;Johnson to Afridi, no run full and outside off, Afridi goes for a wild swing and misses;
41.1;1;Johnson to Fawad Alam, 1 run short on middle and that's pulled to deep midwicket;
40.6;1;Faulkner to Fawad Alam, 1 run towards middle stump from length, Fawad takes a quick single by tapping it on the off side and he keeps strike;
40.5;?;Faulkner to Fawad Alam, no run angled in from off stump, Fawad tried to make room but didn't get any and it was pushed to cover;
40.4;?;Faulkner to Fawad Alam, no run back of length outside off, Fawad taps it to point;
40.3;?;Faulkner to Fawad Alam, no run fullish on the off stump and it's pushed down to mid-off;
40.2;?;Faulkner to Fawad Alam, no run fuller towards middle and leg, flicked a bit awkwardly to midwicket at the last moment;
40.1;?;Faulkner to Fawad Alam, no run angled is in towards off stump, Fawad has no room to put it away and defends it on the off side;
37.6;6;Kane Richardson to Shafiq, SIX runs crackalicious! It was full and in the zone for Shafiq, he stayed in his position and smacked it over the wide long-on boundary for a massive six;
37.5;?;Kane Richardson to Shafiq, no run he makes room but Richardson pitches (nearly) a yorker, Shafiq digs it out back to the bowler who throws it back again and hits the stumps. Lots of back and forths there;
37.4;1;Kane Richardson to Fawad Alam, 1 run length delivery outside off with the angle, tapped to third man for another;
37.3;1;Kane Richardson to Shafiq, 1 run short on off stump and pulled to deep midwicket for one;
37.2;?;Kane Richardson to Shafiq, no run full on off now, driven back firmly but Kane Richardson gets a hand to it;
37.1;?;Kane Richardson to Shafiq, no run brings it in from back of length towards the batsman who defends it to midwicket;
36.6;?;Johnson to Fawad Alam, no run makes room initially but the ball is on target on the off stump, so he has to defend it back;
36.5;?;Johnson to Fawad Alam, no run offcutter on length outside off, he rolled his fingers over that one, Fawad tapped it to point;
36.4;1;Johnson to Shafiq, 1 run back of length on middle and leg, turned towards short fine leg for one;
36.4;1w;Johnson to Shafiq, 1 wide goes down the leg side for a wide with a length delivery;
36.3;?;Johnson to Shafiq, no run beaten! Length delivery outside off with the angle, Shafiq pushes without footwork and misses;
36.2;1lb;Johnson to Fawad Alam, 1 leg bye full delivery swinging in towards leg stump, Alam gets a leg bye to fine leg;
36.1;W;Johnson to Umar Akmal, OUT he strikes first ball in the new spell, with a soft dismissal! It was a simple and full delivery on off and Akmal simply chipped it straight to mid-off to be pouched by Smith. Time to finish the grapes in the pavilion;Umar Akmal c Smith b Johnson 5 (11m 9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 55.55;
35.6;1;Kane Richardson to Umar Akmal, 1 run fuller towards middle and leg, turned to deep midwicket with the angle;
35.5;1;Kane Richardson to Shafiq, 1 run well outside off, swished off the back foot to sweeper cover;
35.4;?;Kane Richardson to Shafiq, no run bangs it in shorter outside off, Shafiq stays back on his toes and defends it towards point;
35.3;1;Kane Richardson to Umar Akmal, 1 run back of length again towards middle and leg, helped to deep midwicket for a single;
35.2;?;Kane Richardson to Umar Akmal, no run coming in from back of length now, Akmal defends it back;
35.1;?;Kane Richardson to Umar Akmal, no run length delivery coming in, thick inside edge rolls down towards mid-on;
34.6;1;Lyon to Umar Akmal, 1 run touch flatter and quicker on off stump, nudged wide of midwicket for one more;
34.5;1;Lyon to Shafiq, 1 run fuller on middle stump and Shafiq paddle-sweeps it fine down leg for one;
34.4;?;Lyon to Shafiq, no run bit more flight on middle stump, helps it to midwicket off the back foot;
34.3;1;Lyon to Umar Akmal, 1 run touch shorter on leg stump, tucked with the turn to fine leg;
34.2;?;Lyon to Umar Akmal, no run turning it in from outside off from length, Akmal leans forward and blocks;
34.1;1;Lyon to Shafiq, 1 run flighted outside off, takes a step down and drives it to long-on;
33.6;1;Doherty to Shafiq, 1 run flighted on middle and leg, gentle push towards midwicket for a quick single;
33.5;1;Doherty to Umar Akmal, 1 run on length outside off and that's pushed down to long-off to get off the mark straightaway;
33.4;W;Doherty to Shafiq, OUT one tight single too many! Maxwell does the job. That was pushed towards cover where Maxwell dives to his left, but doesn't collect it cleanly. The batsmen think they can run off the misfield, but the ball is only an arms length away from the fielder.. Maxwell gets there in no time and fires it at the striker's end where Misbah is comfortably short, despite a superman-like dive;Misbah-ul-Haq run out (Maxwell/?Haddin) 15 (28m 29b 1x4 0x6) SR: 51.72;
33.3;?;Doherty to Shafiq, no run tossed up on the stumps, pushed to cover;
33.2;1;Doherty to Misbah, 1 run he goes for a sweep, takes it from in front of the middle stump and plays it fine.. Gets a glove on that actually.. Had he missed, he was a gonner;
33.1;1;Doherty to Shafiq, 1 run flatter on the stumps, the batsman chops it in the gap at cover for a quick one;
32.6;?;Lyon to Misbah, no run drifting on to the pads, Misbah nudges it straight to backward square leg;
32.5;?;Lyon to Misbah, no run he stays back and defends the flatter delivery down the pitch;
32.4;1lb;Lyon to Shafiq, 1 leg bye he takes his eyes off as he goes for the paddle, this is just over Haddin's shoulder.. A half-hearted appeal for lbw.. it's given a leg bye but it was off the bat;
32.3;?;Lyon to Shafiq, no run flatter delivery, playing with the turn the batsman tucks it straight to backward square leg;
32.2;1;Lyon to Misbah, 1 run another paddle sweep from Misbah! He takes it from wide outside off and takes a single down to fine leg;
32.1;1;Lyon to Shafiq, 1 run tossed up delivery, Asad uses his feet and drives it past wide mid on;
31.6;?;Doherty to Misbah, no run quicker delivery on the stumps, the batsman defends it down the pitch;
31.5;1;Doherty to Shafiq, 1 run loopy delivery on off, Asad goes for a slog sweep by getting his front leg out of the way, but gets a big bottom edge as he plays it towards square leg;
31.4;1;Doherty to Misbah, 1 run pushed a touch quicker on the leg stump line, the batsman eases it to long on;
31.3;?;Doherty to Misbah, no run tossed up on off stump, Misbah pushes forward and defends to off;
31.2;1;Doherty to Shafiq, 1 run much slower this time, Asad gets time to get back and push it through cover point for a single;
31.1;?;Doherty to Shafiq, no run flighted on the middle stump, Asad defends it down the pitch;
30.6;?;Maxwell to Misbah, no run he nudges it to the leg side, but straight to square leg;
30.5;?;Maxwell to Misbah, no run this is full and wide, way outside off, Misbah is still hell bent on a paddle shot, gets an under edge and it rolls past the leg stump.. that was very very close;
30.4;4;Maxwell to Misbah, FOUR runs he repeats the shot and gets it off the middle this time, slides it past the short third man fielder;
30.3;?;Maxwell to Misbah, no run now the reverse paddle! But this one is pushed quicker and wider outside off, Misbah doesn't connect;
30.2;1;Maxwell to Shafiq, 1 run flatter and quicker on the stumps, Asad goes deep in his crease and pushes it past cover;
30.1;1;Maxwell to Misbah, 1 run he goes down on his knee early and paddles it from around off stump, picks up a single down the leg side;
29.6;1;Doherty to Misbah, 1 run fuller, but drifting on the pads, the batsman tickles it to backward square leg for a single. keeps the strike again;
29.5;1;Doherty to Shafiq, 1 run he comes forward and drives the tossed up delivery to long off;
29.4;?;Doherty to Shafiq, no run looks for a single to deep cover but cannot beat Maxwell in the infield;
29.3;1;Doherty to Misbah, 1 run flatter outside off, although it turns away but the length means Misbah has time to crunch it to deep cover;
29.2;?;Doherty to Misbah, no run no turn this time, it keeps coming in, Misbah defends it down the pitch;
29.1;?;Doherty to Misbah, no run slower and loopy outside off, turns away too, Misbah pushes it to backward point;
28.6;1;Maxwell to Misbah, 1 run tossed up on off, Misbah flicks it to deep square leg for a single. He keeps the strike;
28.5;1;Maxwell to Shafiq, 1 run he looks for the big hit down the ground but doesn't get hold of it! Toe-ends it to long on;
28.4;1;Maxwell to Misbah, 1 run he goes down early and paddles it from outside off to fine leg;
28.3;?;Maxwell to Misbah, no run flatter and quicker on off, Misbah goes deep in the crease and defends;
28.2;1;Maxwell to Shafiq, 1 run plays a premeditated paddle but can only play it as far as short fine leg for a quick single;
28.1;1;Maxwell to Misbah, 1 run bowls it full on the off, easily driven down to long on for a single;
27.6;1;Doherty to Misbah, 1 run flatter and quicker on off, Misbah keeps strike with a punch to deep cover;
27.5;?;Doherty to Misbah, no run tossed up delivery outside off, Misbah defends it to backward point;
27.4;?;Doherty to Misbah, no run bowls the arm ball now, it keeps coming in. Misbah is equal to the task, defends it solidly off the front foot;
27.3;?;Doherty to Misbah, no run flatter, and it turns away after pitching, Misbah defends it off the back foot;
27.2;?;Doherty to Misbah, no run he comes forward and defends the loopy delivery to the off side;
27.1;?;Doherty to Misbah, no run he almost lobs it to cover! That is smartly bowled.. tossed up, spins away, draws batsman into a loose drive.. it just lands short of Maxwell;
26.6;4;Johnson to Shafiq, FOUR runs short one to test Asad but the batsman is not backing off, he is quick to swivel and pull it over midwicket for his first boundary;
26.5;?;Johnson to Shafiq, no run stays on the back foot and defends the back of length delivery to off;
26.4;1;Johnson to Misbah, 1 run big hesitation! Misbah slices it past backward point.. comes down the pitch for a single, then sees his partner is not coming down, he turns back.. by the time Asad is already charging down.. Luckily Misbah turns back in time to complete the run;
26.4;1w;Johnson to Misbah, 1 wide another short one, Misbah ducks again, but this is slightly to the leg side;
26.3;?;Johnson to Misbah, no run sharp bouncer to welcome the captain! That doesn't get up too much but Misbah just ducks under it;
26.2;?;Johnson to Misbah, no run fires in a yorker outside off, Misbah digs it out to the off side.. Mitchell Johnson immediately looks back - he had dropped his towel in the run up;
26.1;W;Johnson to Sarfaraz, OUT here goes another! Fuller and wider outside off, and all Sarfraz can do it slice it straight to point.. Another set batsman falls to a harmless delivery;Sarfaraz Ahmed c Maxwell b Johnson 65 (111m 72b 5x4 1x6) SR: 90.27;
25.6;1;Doherty to Sarfaraz, 1 run quicker on the stumps, the batsman pushes it softly to cover for a quick single;
25.5;2;Doherty to Sarfaraz, 2 runs draws the batsman into a loose drive with a loopy one, it grips the surface and takes the outside edge, but there is no one at slip for Sarfraz;
25.4;1;Doherty to Shafiq, 1 run comes down the pitch and drives the tossed up delivery to long off;
25.3;?;Doherty to Shafiq, no run flatter and quicker on stumps, the batsman defends it off the back foot;
25.2;?;Doherty to Shafiq, no run tossed up delivery on the stumps, the batsman pushes it back to the bowler;
25.1;W;Doherty to Shehzad, OUT he has pulled it straight to midwicket! It's a flatter one on a length, not really short enough and the batsman is not able to keep it down;Ahmed Shehzad c Smith b Doherty 61 (107m 82b 5x4 0x6) SR: 74.39;
24.6;1;Lyon to Shehzad, 1 run uses his feet to get close to the pitch of the delivery, then punches it down to long on;
24.5;2;Lyon to Shehzad, 2 runs walks way across the stumps and nudges it almost from the middle stump line to pick up a couple fine on the leg side;
24.4;1;Lyon to Sarfaraz, 1 run allows the ball to turn and nudges it to the right of midwicket for a single;
24.3;2;Lyon to Sarfaraz, 2 runs another smart chip over midwicket! He is not trying to belt it to Abu Dhabi, just gets close to the pitch of the delivery and punches it over the infield;
24.2;1;Lyon to Shehzad, 1 run some turn in form outside off but Shehzad waits for the spin, then punches it through cover for a single to deep;
24.1;?;Lyon to Shehzad, no run slower from Lyon, the batsman is a bit outfoxed by the pace, can only defend it to off in the end;
23.6;1;Maxwell to Shehzad, 1 run this is dabbed to the leg side, behind square for yet another easy single;
23.5;1;Maxwell to Sarfaraz, 1 run tossed up, the batsman leans forward and eases it to long on;
23.4;1;Maxwell to Shehzad, 1 run another quick single! the batsman pushes it between the two fielders at cover and calls early;
23.3;1;Maxwell to Sarfaraz, 1 run waits an extra second and chops this flatter one to the right of short third man for a quick single;
23.2;4;Maxwell to Sarfaraz, FOUR runs superb timing! Sarfraz uses his feet and just chips it over midwicket, that has raced to the boundary;
23.1;?;Maxwell to Sarfaraz, no run tossed up on off, Sarfraz pushes it straight to cover;
22.6;1;Lyon to Sarfaraz, 1 run top edge, but it lands safely at deep backward square leg.. Sarfraz looks for the big sweep but was not in control there;
22.5;1;Lyon to Shehzad, 1 run looks to hit it across the line, but still doesn't get the timing, picks up a single to long on;
22.4;2;Lyon to Shehzad, 2 runs that is smartly played! He comes down the pitch and makes room too, slaps it over the umpire's head for a couple.. Had he timed it better, that was headed for the boundary;
22.3;?;Lyon to Shehzad, no run slower this time, the batsman comes forward and shows off his forward defence;
22.2;?;Lyon to Shehzad, no run the finger goes up! It looks a bit tricky to the naked eye. Shehzad was looking to play a premeditated sweep but this was fuller than what he expected, and a touch quicker too.. Shehzad misses but this looks like it's angling away from the off.. Lyon is bowling round the wicket by the way.. this doesn't seem to have turned at all. The decision is reviewed.. and rightly so because this was way way outside off..;
22.1;?;Lyon to Shehzad, no run tossed up on the stumps, the batsman shuffles across and tucks it straight to square leg;
21.6;2;Kane Richardson to Sarfaraz, 2 runs this time he is able to chop it past Warner, for a couple to deep backward point;
21.5;?;Kane Richardson to Sarfaraz, no run he stays in the crease and slices the length delivery straight to Warner at point;
21.4;2;Kane Richardson to Sarfaraz, 2 runs now Sarfraz gets to his half-century - his first in ODIs - with a cut past backward point. He raises his arms, takes his helmet off.. This is a huge celebration, shows what it means to him.;
21.4;1w;Kane Richardson to Sarfaraz, 1 wide short delivery, but this is way over the batsman;
21.3;1;Kane Richardson to Shehzad, 1 run he is playing a bit loose here.. pulls it in the air through midwicket.. picks up a single to the deep;
21.2;?;Kane Richardson to Shehzad, no run dropped at mid-off by none other than Bailey!! He drops catches, really? That has been hit straight to him, low to his left.. an easy chance for someone of his calibre.;
21.1;1;Kane Richardson to Sarfaraz, 1 run sees the length is marginally short and swings his bat across the line, doesn't get it off the middle but picks up a single to deep square leg;
20.6;?;Lyon to Shehzad, no run moves to the leg side but is cramped for room as it turns in, and bounces a touch extra, pushed to cover point;
20.5;?;Lyon to Shehzad, no run plays it with the turn to the leg side but cannot beat square leg;
20.4;?;Lyon to Shehzad, no run tossed up wider outside off, draws the batsman into a drive, but Shehzad can only push it back down the pitch;
20.3;?;Lyon to Shehzad, no run goes across the stumps and tucks it to square leg;
20.2;?;Lyon to Shehzad, no run steps out of the crease, but pads this one away to off after realising it is turning in;
20.1;4;Lyon to Shehzad, FOUR runs pushes this wider outside off, not the line to bowl when you have no one covering in the deep.. Shehzad stands tall and punches it through the gap to bring up his half-century. Easily done;
19.6;?;Kane Richardson to Sarfaraz, no run looks for a single down to third man with a dab, but the fielder at point keeps the batsmen on their ends;
19.5;?;Kane Richardson to Sarfaraz, no run angled in from wide of crease, the batsman pushes it straight to short cover;
19.4;1;Kane Richardson to Shehzad, 1 run waits in the crease and steers the length delivery to third man;
19.3;1;Kane Richardson to Sarfaraz, 1 run gets cramped for room as this short one follows him, but does pretty well in the end clipping it away to deep square leg, goes past his previous ODI best;
19.2;1;Kane Richardson to Shehzad, 1 run shuffles across and punches this length delivery to deep cover, plays it stylishly on the up;
19.1;1;Kane Richardson to Sarfaraz, 1 run back of length around off stump, the batsman guides it down to third man;
18.6;?;Johnson to Shehzad, no run solid defence against a short of length thunderbolt, he drops it down towards the off side;
18.5;2;Johnson to Shehzad, 2 runs looks to drive at this fuller delivery but gets another outside edge.. this one is much squarer though and he takes a couple by the time third man runs to his right;
18.4;?;Johnson to Shehzad, no run he waits on the back foot and defends the back of length delivery to off;
18.3;1;Johnson to Sarfaraz, 1 run calll for a quick single to mid-off and they complete it with ease. It was a fuller one on the stumps and Sarfraz just takes the pace off it, pushing it softly down the pitch;
18.2;1;Johnson to Shehzad, 1 run another edge past the lone slip fielder, but this one is cut off by the third man.. No feet movement there from Shehzad.. He will keep that slip fielder interested with those shots;
18.1;4;Johnson to Shehzad, FOUR runs this is past the first slip, off the edge, but that was a rank poor delivery.. A low full toss and deserved to be punished;
17.6;6;Doherty to Sarfaraz, SIX runs whackolicious! He clears his front leg and slaps it over midwicket. Not sure he needs a drink, but the carts roll in anyway;
17.5;?;Doherty to Sarfaraz, no run stretches forward to push the tossed up delivery to off, but finds cover point;
17.4;?;Doherty to Sarfaraz, no run waits in the crease, but this is quicker from the bowler, Sarfraz can only defend it to off;
17.3;1;Doherty to Shehzad, 1 run uses his feet and pushes the tossed up delivery down to long off;
17.2;2;Doherty to Shehzad, 2 runs drifts down the leg side, the batsman goes down to play a paddle fine for a single;
17.1;?;Doherty to Shehzad, no run tossed up on off, some turn too, the batsman pushes it to cover;
16.6;?;Johnson to Sarfaraz, no run bangs in another one outside off, and Sarfraz was looking to slap-sweep that but he missed completely;
16.5;?;Johnson to Sarfaraz, no run bangs it in short around middle, Sarfraz goes on his toes to defend it back;
16.4;1;Johnson to Shehzad, 1 run back of length from outside off with the angle, turned to deep midwicket for one;
16.3;?;Johnson to Shehzad, no run back of length outside off, taps it between point and cover point and they decide against the single;
16.2;1;Johnson to Sarfaraz, 1 run fullish outside off, easily driven to deep point for one more;
16.1;1;Johnson to Shehzad, 1 run takes a step down and drives the full delivery from outside off to sweeper cover;
15.6;4;Doherty to Sarfaraz, FOUR runs uses his feet again and smashes the ball in the air to the long-on area. He's hit it straight enough to beat the fielder as it raced to the boundary;
15.5;1;Doherty to Shehzad, 1 run comes down and takes it on the full to drive it back, the ball sneaks through Doherty's legs;
15.4;?;Doherty to Shehzad, no run on middle on length, he goes back and cuts it to the off side;
15.3;?;Doherty to Shehzad, no run touch quicker on the off stump, he blocks it back;
15.2;?;Doherty to Shehzad, no run flighted on leg this time, another close chance as it was pushed to midwicket but they decided against the single;
15.1;?;Doherty to Shehzad, no run flighted and full on middle, driven inside out to cover;
14.6;4;Lyon to Sarfaraz, FOUR runs on length outside off, Sarfraz charges down and lofts it powerfully to the cow corner for four by taking it on the full;
14.5;1;Lyon to Shehzad, 1 run goes down on a knee and sweeps the ball from middle and leg to fine leg. It was in the air for a bit;
14.4;?;Lyon to Shehzad, no run stays in the crease to defends the length ball;
14.3;?;Lyon to Shehzad, no run fullish around off, he comes down and drives it towards the non-striker. Lyon dives and gets a hand;
14.2;2;Lyon to Shehzad, 2 runs touch shorter outside off, Shehzad rocks back and punches it between cover point and point in the gap for two;
14.1;?;Lyon to Shehzad, no run tossed up around off, pushed to midwicket;
13.6;?;Doherty to Sarfaraz, no run on length on leg and going down further, Sarfraz is hit on the pad;
13.5;?;Doherty to Sarfaraz, no run slightly full on middle and leg, defends it back to the bowler;
13.4;4;Doherty to Sarfaraz, FOUR runs flighted on off stump, Sarfraz unleashes his favourite sweep shot and finds the gap between deep midwicket and fine leg for four;
13.3;1;Doherty to Shehzad, 1 run comes down and pushes it to long-off by taking it on the full;
13.2;?;Doherty to Shehzad, no run goes back as the ball angles in towards moiddle and leg, cut to backward point;
13.1;?;Doherty to Shehzad, no run on length on off, he blocks it back;
12.6;?;Lyon to Sarfaraz, no run nearly carries to square leg! He moved across a bit and swept it firmly from length, it almost carried to the fielder;
12.5;?;Lyon to Sarfaraz, no run well outside off on length, goes back and makes room to cut to point;
12.4;?;Lyon to Sarfaraz, no run comes down the track to push but the ball goes to slip after an inside edge and hitting the pad;
12.3;1;Lyon to Shehzad, 1 run he goes back for the short of length ball and tucks it to fine leg after the turn;
12.2;1;Lyon to Sarfaraz, 1 run short of length well outside off, sharp turn and it's cut off the back foot to cover point;
12.1;?;Lyon to Sarfaraz, no run leans forward and defends it back;
11.6;?;Faulkner to Shehzad, no run slower one again from the back of the hand, pitched well outside off but came in after pitching and failed to connect, managed only an inside edge;
11.5;1;Faulkner to Sarfaraz, 1 run tries the yorker, but it's full on the pads and he flicks it to deep midwicket;
11.4;?;Faulkner to Sarfaraz, no run angled in sharply towards middle stump, it's full and Sarfraz defends it back;
11.3;2;Faulkner to Sarfaraz, 2 runs slower one from the back of the hand outside off, cut late again to third man area;
11.2;2;Faulkner to Sarfaraz, 2 runs outside off again with the angle, he cuts it late behind square to third man for two more;
11.1;1;Faulkner to Shehzad, 1 run well outside off on length, guides it to third man easily;
10.6;1;Lyon to Shehzad, 1 run flight outside off, Shehzad comes down and chips it down to long-on for one more;
10.5;1;Lyon to Sarfaraz, 1 run shorter and flatter with turn, pushed down the ground to long-on;
10.4;?;Lyon to Sarfaraz, no run flight and turn from outside off, Sarfraz closes the face of the bat to the leg side;
10.3;?;Lyon to Sarfaraz, no run comes down and nearly gets yorked to defend it back;
10.2;?;Lyon to Sarfaraz, no run flight and outside off, makes him drive to cover with a forward lean;
10.1;?;Lyon to Sarfaraz, no run turning in from outside off on length, pushed to the leg side;
9.6;?;Faulkner to Shehzad, no run;
9.5;?;Faulkner to Shehzad, no run charges down again, pushes to cover point and Sarfraz was well out of his crease. Finch leaps to grab it with his left hand and tries a direct hit, but misses;
9.4;2;Faulkner to Shehzad, 2 runs comes down the wicket to loft it on the leg side, he doesn't middle but gets enough to clear mid-on for two;
9.3;1;Faulkner to Sarfaraz, 1 run full on the pads outside leg, flicked past square leg for one;
9.2;1;Faulkner to Shehzad, 1 run touch wider outside off, he cuts it off the back foot to third man;
9.1;?;Faulkner to Shehzad, no run length delivery towards middle and off, he defends it back;
8.6;1;Doherty to Shehzad, 1 run quick single after it was pushed to mid-on, excellent running because they called for it early;
8.5;?;Doherty to Shehzad, no run lbw appeal as he's struck in front of leg while trying to sweep but it was gong down leg;
8.4;4;Doherty to Shehzad, FOUR runs charges down the track and drives the length ball on middle and off inside out over the cover for a beautiful four;
8.3;?;Doherty to Shehzad, no run with a bit of flight outside off, leans forward and blocks;
8.2;1;Doherty to Sarfaraz, 1 run on length outside off, pushed past cover for one;
8.1;1;Doherty to Shehzad, 1 run fullish outside off, pushed through extra cover towards long-off;
7.6;?;Faulkner to Sarfaraz, no run;
7.5;4;Faulkner to Sarfaraz, FOUR runs back of length from outside off, he moves across a bit and glances it fine down the leg side in the gap with the angle for four;
7.4;?;Faulkner to Sarfaraz, no run slower one at 113kph outside off, on length and it comes in, Sarfraz chases and misses;
7.3;2;Faulkner to Sarfaraz, 2 runs angles it in form outside off, turned to deep midwicket for easy two;
7.2;?;Faulkner to Sarfaraz, no run length ball on the off stump, he defends it back;
7.1;?;Faulkner to Sarfaraz, no run loud appeal for lbw first ball! Sarfraz took a step down and moved across, tried to flick and was hit low in front of the off stump. But it looked like it was missing off stump;
6.6;?;Doherty to Shehzad, no run slower through the air on off an turning away, thick edge goes to the off side;
6.5;1;Doherty to Sarfaraz, 1 run full and outside leg, swept to fine leg for one;
6.4;?;Doherty to Sarfaraz, no run length ball on leg stump, defends it to midwicket with a forward lean;
6.3;?;Doherty to Sarfaraz, no run full delivery towards middle and leg, driven down to mid off;
6.2;1;Doherty to Shehzad, 1 run tossed up and full toss on leg again, swept to short fine leg for a quick single;
6.1;1;Doherty to Sarfaraz, 1 run starts with a full toss on leg and it's swept to fine leg. They were looking for a second, mind you, but they settled for one;
5.6;?;Kane Richardson to Shehzad, no run length ball outside off, driven straight to cover so no chance for a single;
5.5;1;Kane Richardson to Sarfaraz, 1 run another run out chance? What is Pakistan doing? Pushed to cover for a quick single, Bailey dives to his right and misses the direct hit at the bowler's. Had he hit, Sarfraz was gone for sure!;
5.4;?;Kane Richardson to Sarfaraz, no run;
5.3;2;Kane Richardson to Sarfaraz, 2 runs in the air but wide of midwicket, but is he run out?? The delivery came in from outside off and it lobbed in the air wide of midwicket, they were coming back for the second the throw was over Haddin's head and he caught it with one hand and threw to the stumps but Sarfraz dived to make it in time;
5.3;1w;Kane Richardson to Sarfaraz, 1 wide goes short and down the leg side for a wide;
5.2;2;Kane Richardson to Sarfaraz, 2 runs goes fuller now with a scrambled seam and Sarfraz drives it from outside off past cover point for two in the gap;
5.1;?;Kane Richardson to Sarfaraz, no run another chance, not quite! The back of length ball was tapped to point and they set off for a run but came back in time as Maxwell threw it;
4.6;?;Johnson to Shehzad, no run on length this time outside off, pushed to Bailey at cover and that's only one from the over;
4.5;?;Johnson to Shehzad, no run bouncer for Shehzad, quick delivery again! That was a nasty delivery as Shehzad managed to duck under it;
4.4;1;Johnson to Sarfaraz, 1 run touch fuller close to off, he pushes it to mid-off gently and runs for a single immediately, it might be close but he makes it;
4.3;?;Johnson to Sarfaraz, no run quicker delivery on length outside off with the scrambled seam, he drives and missed. Was beaten by pace;
4.2;?;Johnson to Sarfaraz, no run short ball outside off with the angle, he lets it go;
4.1;?;Johnson to Sarfaraz, no run on length outside off, it's tapped to point and Maxwell from point gets a direct hit at the non-striker's end even though there was nobody backing up;

Hemnath N: "Ahmed Shehzad "Virat Kohli of Pakistan", both in looks and bating style. Only thing missing is Shehzad is not touching his nose before facing every delivery."
 Innings Start
Series has been wrapped but there is plenty more to come from the UAE. Another ODI, then the Test matches. We will be back with all the reports and analysis. Thanks for your comments and feedback. This is Dev Fuloria signing off.. ciao ciao.
"Bowlers did a wonderful job to drag it back after Pakistan's start," Bailey says. "220-230 was a good total on that but a couple of nice partnerships nicely finished it. (Turn) It's something that we are working on and teams are preparing challenging conditions for us, but we are getting better."
"Poor display in the last 25 overs,"Misbah says. "If we had batted normally, we should have put 250, we could have defended it. We can only ask for better display from our side. Scoring 160, 200 against a top quality side, it's difficult to defend. You could say it was an improved performance today.. especially the opening batsmen and Asad Shafiq. The spinners bowled really well. These were the positives for us."
Sarfraz Ahmed gets an award for being the Master Blaster. Mitchell Johnson gets an award for being the best bowler of the match and another award for being the fastest bowler of the match. Ahmed Shehzad gets some dough for the most colourful innings. Glenn Maxwell gets an award for his reverse sweep.. (this is unending).. Davie Warner gets an award for something.. Finally.. the Man of the Match.. it's Glenn Maxwell.
"It's always a nice time to come back here," Maxwell says. "Hopefully we can make a clean sweep. I was just playing my role. Today I came in a different situation with the ball spinning.. Just tried to play to the situation and get close to the total. I hope i put in enough performances here and hope to get noticed when Test selection comes in."
Another series win for Australia against Pakistan.. the last one for Pakistan was in 2002. Glenn Maxwell played an anchoring hand to lead the chase and in the end, they hunt it down with ease. In the end, you have to look at the Pakistan batting collapse.. A century opening stand, followed by 89 for 10.. Easily, they were short by 40-50 runs. Pakistan fought hard with the ball, but there was just not enough to defend. Misbah said on the eve of the match that the confidence of the batsmen was "shaky" and today's performance is not going to boost it anyway. Stick around for the presentation.
43.2;4;Irfan to Faulkner, FOUR runs game over! Faulkner moves to the leg side and slaps the length delivery over mid-off to complete the series win;
43.1;4;Irfan to Faulkner, FOUR runs they want to finish this fast! He takes this attempted yorker on the full, clears his front leg and hammers it through extra cover;
42.6;?;Raza Hasan to Haddin, no run full and flighted, driven straight to cover;
42.5;1;Raza Hasan to Faulkner, 1 run tossed up on off, the batsman dabs it to the gap at cover and picks up another single;
42.4;2;Raza Hasan to Faulkner, 2 runs stands tall and punches it to deep extra cover.. the fielder is a touch slow so they come back for the second;
42.3;?;Raza Hasan to Faulkner, no run allows the ball to turn, then pushes it to backward point;
42.2;?;Raza Hasan to Faulkner, no run he waits on the back foot and punches it down the pitch, back to the bowler;
42.1;1;Raza Hasan to Haddin, 1 run tossed up delivery on the stump, the batsman takes it on the full and eases it to long on;
41.6;?;Irfan to Faulkner, no run this shoots up from a short of length, Faulkner sees it early and drops his wrists to let it go through;
41.5;1;Irfan to Haddin, 1 run he looks to pull the back of length delivery but gets hurried by the pace, gets a bit of bottom edge to fine leg;
41.4;?;Irfan to Haddin, no run looks for the yorker but it's a low full toss, all Haddin can do is punch it back to the bowler, who grabs it with his left hand and fires a throw back at the batsman;
41.3;?;Irfan to Haddin, no run punches it firmly on the up and that travels to mid-off in quick time.. some timing there.. but straight to the fielder;
41.2;?;Irfan to Haddin, no run bowls the fuller length this time but Haddin stays rooted to the crease, gets an outside edge as he pokes at it, however, it lands short of slip yet again;
41.1;?;Irfan to Haddin, no run back of length on off stump, Haddin shuffles across and defends that solidly to the off side;
40.6;1;Afridi to Haddin, 1 run he dabs it to cover with soft hands and calls over for a quick single;
40.5;?;Afridi to Haddin, no run full and flighted, it's pushed back to the bowler;
40.4;?;Afridi to Haddin, no run it stays a touch low on off, but easily defended to the off;
40.3;?;Afridi to Haddin, no run superb delivery, but it's all too late! This one drifts in, then breaks away past the outside edge;
40.2;1;Afridi to Faulkner, 1 run gets some legbreak going from the leg stump line but it's easily dabbed to midwicket for an easy single;
40.1;?;Afridi to Faulkner, no run gets some turn from a length, but there is no pace on the delivery, the batsman defends it;
39.6;1;Raza Hasan to Faulkner, 1 run this spins away but Faulkner pushes it easily to deep cover for a single;
39.5;1;Raza Hasan to Haddin, 1 run now goes back to his back-foot routine, cuts the flatter delivery to deep cover;
39.4;6;Raza Hasan to Haddin, SIX runs there is no calmness about this one! Sees this is full and he slogs it over long on for a huge hit.. Clean swing there;
39.3;4;Raza Hasan to Haddin, FOUR runs even better! he waits on the back foot and punches the shorter delivery easily through extra cover;
39.2;2;Raza Hasan to Haddin, 2 runs smartly done! He waits an extra second to allow the ball to turn, then opens the face of the bat to cut it past the lone slip fielder;
39.1;?;Raza Hasan to Haddin, no run he looks to cut this away but chops it straight to backward point;
38.6;1;Babar to Haddin, 1 run slightly drifting towards the pads, Haddin dabs it towards midwicket and opens his account;
38.5;?;Babar to Haddin, no run slower and loopy on off, Haddin is in no hurry, defends it off the back foot;
38.4;1;Babar to Faulkner, 1 run lobbed up in the air, Faulkner comes forward and drives it to long off;
38.3;?;Babar to Faulkner, no run honing on the middle stump, the batsman is calm, defends it down the pitch;
38.2;2;Babar to Faulkner, 2 runs slower and shorter, the batsman punches it to deep extra cover easily;
38.1;?;Babar to Faulkner, no run tossed up delivery on off, the batsman comes forward to defend, pushes it down the pitch;
37.6;1;Irfan to Faulkner, 1 run he fends this short delivery to backward square leg and calls for a quick single;
37.5;?;Irfan to Faulkner, no run fired on the blockhole, the batsman digs it out down the pitch;
37.4;4;Irfan to Faulkner, FOUR runs he makes room and this time makes the connection! Crashes this length delivery through cover.. there is no one in the deep and it rolls to the boundary;
37.3;?;Irfan to Faulkner, no run loud shout for caught behind! This is a sharp bouncer, this is a menacing bouncer.. The batsman pulls but misses.. it wasn't too far from the bat.;
37.2;?;Irfan to Faulkner, no run he charges down the pitch and makes room but Irfan's bounce is too much for him.. It skims over the top edge of the bat;
37.1;?;Irfan to Faulkner, no run;
36.6;?;Babar to Haddin, no run he comes forward and defends this flighted delivery solidly;
36.5;?;Babar to Haddin, no run fuller and flighted on the stumps, Haddin defends it to the leg side;
36.4;1;Babar to Faulkner, 1 run tossed up and slower, the batsman comes forward and pushes it calmly to long off;
36.3;W;Babar to Maxwell, OUT top edge! This could be the end.. it is the end! Maxwell goes for another slog sweep but this just a touch shorter for the shot.. it stopped on the pitch too! It swirls in the night sky .. but Asad runs all the way from first slip to short fine leg to take a smart catch..;Glenn Maxwell c Asad Shafiq b Zulfiqar Babar 76 (98m 81b 9x4 1x6) SR: 93.82;
36.2;4;Babar to Maxwell, FOUR runs now steps out of the crease and whips it over midwicket with utter ease.. there is no one back there.. it rolls away;
36.1;?;Babar to Maxwell, no run this was in Maxwell's zone! He was aiming to send it over deep square leg but somehow misses..gets hit on the pads;
35.6;?;Irfan to Faulkner, no run another one rearing up towards the chest, this time he defends it with a bit more intent, dabs it to point;
35.5;?;Irfan to Faulkner, no run he is surprised a touch.. Wanted to duck under this short of length delivery, but is too late.. Finally has to fend it off to the off side;
35.4;?;Irfan to Faulkner, no run another full delivery, Faulkner jams his bat at that and pushes it to extra cover;
35.3;1;Irfan to Maxwell, 1 run fires it full on off, Maxwell digs it out to mid-off and calls for a quicks single. Could have been tight, but Misbah is a little slow to the ball;
35.2;?;Irfan to Maxwell, no run slips the quicker one outside off, he beats the bat as Maxwell makes not connection with the cut shot;
35.1;?;Irfan to Maxwell, no run short of length on the stumps, Maxwell looks to hammer it over the leg side but doesn't get the timing, pushes it to mid-on;
34.6;?;Babar to Faulkner, no run much slower and with a lot of flight, the batsman lunges forward and defends;
34.5;?;Babar to Faulkner, no run he waits on the back foot and works it against the turn to midwicket;
34.4;1;Babar to Maxwell, 1 run flatter on off, the batsman stays back and punches it down to long on;
34.3;1;Babar to Faulkner, 1 run aerial shot, but this lands safely, much before reaching long off;
34.2;?;Babar to Faulkner, no run tossed up outside off, the batsman checks his drive and pushes it to cover;
34.1;1;Babar to Maxwell, 1 run flatter outside off, the batsman chops it away to deep point;
33.6;?;Afridi to Faulkner, no run stretches out and looks to drive this wide delivery through cover, ambitious shot to say the least.. misses it completely;
33.5;1lb;Afridi to Maxwell, 1 leg bye the leg stump line again, Maxwell sweeps but misses, gets hit on the waist and runs along for a leg bye;
33.4;1;Afridi to Faulkner, 1 run he looks to flight the ball but loses direction, it's down the leg side and it's swept to deep backward square leg;
33.3;?;Afridi to Faulkner, no run loopy on the off stump, the batsman pushes it straight to cover;
33.2;?;Afridi to Faulkner, no run bowls the quicker one on off, the batsman defends it down the pitch;
33.1;1;Afridi to Maxwell, 1 run this one down the leg side but Maxwell reverse sweep it from there and drags it to deep cover.. Some guy this;
32.6;?;Babar to Faulkner, no run quicker delivery on the stumps, the batsman defends it down the pitch;
32.5;?;Babar to Faulkner, no run he edges this one and for the third time, it lands short of first slip.. Asad is sharp there but hasn't got a real chance;
32.4;1;Babar to Maxwell, 1 run another cross-batted sweep, but he is beaten in the flight a touch.. manages to drag it to deep backward square leg;
32.3;4;Babar to Maxwell, FOUR runs he comes down the track and murders it over midwicket, lots of bottom hand in that shot.. one bounce and four;
32.2;?;Babar to Maxwell, no run slower delivery on the stumps, the batsman comes forward defends;
32.1;2;Babar to Maxwell, 2 runs he chips it over extra cover but not sure how he got there! It was almost in the blockhole in the middle stump line, more of a leading edge there;
31.6;?;Afridi to Faulkner, no run flat legbreak on a length, slapped to extra cover;
31.5;1;Afridi to Maxwell, 1 run slanted in full down the pads and turned to deep square leg;
31.4;?;Afridi to Maxwell, no run forward to push a legbreak to covers;
31.3;?;Afridi to Maxwell, no run wanted to dab it fine but pulled out as he saw it bouncing outside off;
31.2;?;Afridi to Maxwell, no run opens the face as he comes forward and runs it to point;
31.1;1;Afridi to Faulkner, 1 run moves across to a good length legbreak and turns it square on leg off middle;
30.6;1;Raza Hasan to Faulkner, 1 run a tossed up ball driven to long off for a single;
30.5;W;Raza Hasan to Bailey, OUT direct hit! Bailey is in trouble here. Bailey looked to hit that loopy delivery across the line, but Shehzad dives to his right at midwicket and makes a smart stop.. Bailey had taken off though.. he has to make an about turn.. and Shehzad has a direct hit too.. You see Bailey flat on his belly in the replay, fully stretched trying to make it back.. but he is gone.. Marginally short of crease. That would do. That is what Pakistan needed;George Bailey run out (Ahmed Shehzad) 28 (102m 68b 3x4 0x6) SR: 41.17;
30.4;?;Raza Hasan to Bailey, no run flatter and quicker on the stumps, Bailey is in no hurry, he defends;
30.3;1;Raza Hasan to Maxwell, 1 run now he comes forward and chips it towards long-off with the straightest of bats;
30.2;4;Raza Hasan to Maxwell, FOUR runs and now the reverse sweep! He makes no attempt to keep it down, thumps it over backward point;
30.1;4;Raza Hasan to Maxwell, FOUR runs he is getting better now! Just spots the length disturbances so early.. this is only marginally short, he goes back and whacks it easily over midwicket;
29.6;?;Irfan to Bailey, no run short of length and wide outside off, Bailey looks to cut it but this just bounces a touch extra, like it always does for Irfan, past the outside edge again;
29.5;1;Irfan to Maxwell, 1 run stays back to a length delivery and dabs it towards cover, calls for a quick single;
29.4;?;Irfan to Maxwell, no run this one slides past the face of the bat! It was an angled delivery and Maxwell was trying to run it down to third man, but it was too close;
29.3;?;Irfan to Maxwell, no run this one is slightly slower, Maxwell has to wait an extra second, he punches this one to mid on;
29.2;?;Irfan to Maxwell, no run back of length delivery on off, the batsman punches it to midwicket;
29.1;2;Irfan to Maxwell, 2 runs fuller and comes with some space, the batsman slices it to deep point to pick up a couple to bring up his half-century - must be one of his slowest but this is what Australia need. Makes most of that early drop;
28.6;?;Raza Hasan to Bailey, no run he waits on the back foot and pushes it straight to cover;
28.5;?;Raza Hasan to Bailey, no run much slower this time from Raza, the batsman defends it to off;
28.4;?;Raza Hasan to Bailey, no run he takes a step down the crease but defends it down the pitch;
28.3;1;Raza Hasan to Maxwell, 1 run he stands tall and punches the flatter delivery to deep cover;
28.2;4;Raza Hasan to Maxwell, FOUR runs here comes the reverse sweep, Maxwell's go to shot and he plays it well, smokes it over backward point easily;
28.1;?;Raza Hasan to Maxwell, no run loud appeal for lbw as this one raps the pads, but looks like it was just going down the leg side. Maxwell played outside the line;
27.6;?;Afridi to Bailey, no run superb ball! This one is a touch fuller, draws the batsman forward and beats him all ends up with the sharp turn and bounce.. Bailey can only smile;
27.5;?;Afridi to Bailey, no run quicker this time, turns away, the batsman defends it to off;
27.4;1lb;Afridi to Maxwell, 1 leg bye looks for the sweep but this hits the pads and rolls towards short fine leg;
27.3;?;Afridi to Maxwell, no run slower this time from Lala, Maxwell defends it to off;
27.2;2;Afridi to Maxwell, 2 runs he lunges forward and drives this loopy delivery to deep extra cover firmly;
27.1;6;Afridi to Maxwell, SIX runs Maxwell smacks it well! He stays back, spots the marginally short delivery early and he thumps it over wide long on with utter ease.. that is way over the boundary;
26.6;?;Shehzad to Bailey, no run draws the batsman forward with a wider line, the batsman defends it to point;
26.5;?;Shehzad to Bailey, no run nice teasing delivery outside off, turns away sharply, Bailey leaves it alone;
26.4;?;Shehzad to Bailey, no run bowls a low full toss as he strives for the loop, Bailey misses out, drives it back to the bowler;
26.3;1;Shehzad to Maxwell, 1 run slightly short but the line is good. Maxwell goes deep in the crease and works it away to deep midwicket;
26.2;4;Shehzad to Maxwell, FOUR runs here comes the cross-batted slog and finally he makes connection with the ball, drags it from outside off and hammers it over midwicket for a boundary;
26.1;2;Shehzad to Maxwell, 2 runs tosses it up, Maxwell plays the reverse sweep and picks up a couple to deep backward point;
25.6;1;Afridi to Maxwell, 1 run he dabs it behind square on the leg side and calls for a quick single;
25.5;?;Afridi to Maxwell, no run much slower this time, he gets the outside edge but it just lands short of first slip.. Asad is a happy man.. dives to his right and makes the stop;
25.4;1;Afridi to Bailey, 1 run flatter and outside off, easily punched away to deep extra cover for a single;
25.3;1;Afridi to Maxwell, 1 run slower and loopy on the stumps, the batsman dabs it towards point for a single;
25.2;1;Afridi to Bailey, 1 run much shorter this time, stops on the surface too, the batsman goes back and flat-bats it down to long on;
25.1;?;Afridi to Bailey, no run keeps it tight around the middle stump, the batsman leans forward and defends;
24.6;?;Shehzad to Maxwell, no run tossed up and full on the leg stump line, the batsman digs it out to midwicket;
24.5;?;Shehzad to Maxwell, no run he goes across the line and wants to go downtown, but misses again.. this one lands on the middle stump line and spins away sharply;
24.4;1;Shehzad to Bailey, 1 run tosses it up, the batsman drives it down to long off for a single;
24.3;1;Shehzad to Maxwell, 1 run flatter and it spins away, the batsman has all the time to punch it to deep cover;
24.2;?;Wahab Riaz to Maxwell, no run length delivery outside off, Maxwell stays patient, defends it to off again;
24.1;?;Wahab Riaz to Maxwell, no run length delivery just outside off, Maxwell stays back and pushes it down the pitch, back to the bowler;
23.6;2;Babar to Bailey, 2 runs angled delivery, Bailey nudges it behind square on the leg side and calls for a quick second;
23.5;?;Babar to Bailey, no run slower and flatter, the batsman defends it to backward point;
23.4;1;Babar to Maxwell, 1 run he punches this in the air through the off side, oohs and aahs as this goes towards long off;
23.3;?;Babar to Maxwell, no run now he calms his nerves by leaving this one alone.. not sure if he knew it was so close to off stump;
23.2;?;Babar to Maxwell, no run looks to hit to the top of Burj Khalifa with a cross-batted swipe, makes no connection;
23.1;4;Babar to Maxwell, FOUR runs he pulls out the reverse sweep and gets the ideal delivery for it too - a low full toss. That has been hit hard and it screams to the boundary at backward point;
22.6;1;Wahab Riaz to Maxwell, 1 run he cuts it firmly through point but it only costs a single as their is protection in the deep;
22.6;1w;Wahab Riaz to Maxwell, 1 wide short delivery attempted, but this is ill-directed, down the leg side;
22.5;1;Wahab Riaz to Bailey, 1 run he dabs this short of length delivery towards square leg for a quick single;
22.4;?;Wahab Riaz to Bailey, no run this one comes in a shade in after pitching, the batsman defends it to the leg side;
22.3;?;Wahab Riaz to Bailey, no run straight and on a tight length, not much the batsman can do with it, he defends it down the pitch;
22.2;1;Wahab Riaz to Maxwell, 1 run length delivery without much room but Maxwell manages to punch it to deep cover;
22.1;1;Wahab Riaz to Bailey, 1 run he gets an inside edge as he hangs his bat this length delivery, it wasn't too far from the leg stump;
21.6;?;Babar to Maxwell, no run he goes deep in the crease and clips it to the leg side but cannot beat midwicket;
21.5;?;Babar to Maxwell, no run slower and tossed up, he is keeping the pressure on, Maxwell can only defend;
21.5;1w;Babar to Maxwell, 1 wide a wide is signalled as this one is down the leg side but Sarfraz says it flicked the pads.. he is right;
21.4;?;Babar to Maxwell, no run this one turns away, the batsman defends it to the off side now;
21.3;?;Babar to Maxwell, no run the arm-ball this time, the batsman defends it to the leg side;
21.2;1;Babar to Bailey, 1 run he eases this one to long off to pick up a single;
21.1;?;Babar to Bailey, no run Superb delivery! excellent stuff.. This one drifts in, dips, then fizzes past the outside edge. The keeper goes up, then everyone else joins in and it's a full-fledged appeal. The umpire agrees. Bailey asks for a review immediately. I don't see much evidence to turn the decision.. but they have overturned the decision. This is going a bit against the protocol in my view..there was no evidence to turn that decision around;
20.6;?;Wahab Riaz to Maxwell, no run he stays on the back foot and defends the length delivery to cover point;
20.5;?;Wahab Riaz to Maxwell, no run this hustles Maxwell, it's quick and raps him on the pads, but this was going down the leg side and over the stumps;
20.4;?;Wahab Riaz to Maxwell, no run he stands tall at the crease and punches the back of length delivery back down the pitch;
20.3;1;Wahab Riaz to Bailey, 1 run he tries to defend this back of length delivery but gets a thick inside edge that rolls over to square leg;
20.2;1;Wahab Riaz to Maxwell, 1 run he goes back and punches the length delivery through cover for a single to the deep;
20.1;?;Wahab Riaz to Maxwell, no run fuller delivery on the stumps, Maxwell is not looking to hit big, defends it to the leg side;
19.6;2;Babar to Bailey, 2 runs he goes for the sweep but is not entirely in control, it flies through square leg and they take a single to the deep;
19.5;?;Babar to Bailey, no run the arm-ball now! Bailey comes forward and defends;
19.4;1;Babar to Maxwell, 1 run he goes deep in the crease and works against the turn to punch this one down to wide mid-on;
19.3;?;Babar to Maxwell, no run comes in from wide of the crease, then breaks away sharply.. Maxwell defends off the back foot;
19.2;?;Babar to Maxwell, no run he leaves this one alone! But that is so close to off stump.. That didn't turn at all;
19.1;?;Babar to Maxwell, no run well done by Asad at first slip! (where is Umar?) The batsman gets a thick outside edge that is running away from the slip fielder, but he dives and prevents the runs;
18.6;?;Afridi to Bailey, no run here comes the googles.. spins in from outside off. Not sure the batsman spotted it but he manages to defend it to the leg side;
18.5;4;Afridi to Bailey, FOUR runs he takes a punt and slogs across the line at this fuller delivery! Drags it from outside off and whack it goes over midwicket;
18.4;?;Afridi to Bailey, no run tosses it up outside off, drawing the batsman forward, the batsman pushes it to point;
18.3;4;Afridi to Bailey, FOUR runs this slips out from his hands probably.. way down the leg side.. Would have been a wide but Bailey swings and slaps it past short fine leg;
18.2;?;Afridi to Bailey, no run too much air this time, the batsman takes it on the full but drives it straight to midwicket;
18.1;1;Afridi to Maxwell, 1 run pushed through on off stump, Maxwell punches it to deep cover off the back foot;
17.6;?;Babar to Bailey, no run smart bowling! This is flatter and shorter as Zulfiqar sees the batsman advance.. it turns away from the batsman and he has to defend it to off;
17.5;?;Babar to Bailey, no run comes from wide of the crease and tosses it up, the batsman defends it down the pitch;
17.4;?;Babar to Bailey, no run superb delivery! Tossed up, dips in, then screams past the outside edge of the outstretched batsman;
17.3;?;Babar to Bailey, no run he steps out but realises he is not to the pitch of the delivery, defends it to cover;
17.2;1;Babar to Maxwell, 1 run slower and loopy on off, draws the batsman forward. Maxwell pushes it softly through cover;
17.1;?;Babar to Maxwell, no run tosses it up on off, the batsman pushes it to cover;
16.6;1;Afridi to Maxwell, 1 run quicker one this time, the batsman pushes it to deep cover for a single;
16.5;?;Afridi to Maxwell, no run nice loop from Lala, the batsman watches the drift and defends it down the pitch;
16.4;?;Afridi to Maxwell, no run he stays in the crease and pushes the legbreak softly towards cover;
16.3;?;Afridi to Maxwell, no run slower this time, grips the surface and turns away, Maxwell defends to off;
16.2;1;Afridi to Bailey, 1 run tosses this one up and Bailey drives it to long off;
16.1;?;Afridi to Bailey, no run fuller and quicker on the middle, defended to the leg side;
15.6;4;Raza Hasan to Maxwell, FOUR runs over cover this time, gets some room and smacks it with a loft for four in the gap;
15.5;4;Raza Hasan to Maxwell, FOUR runs bit of flight outside leg and that's launched over square leg! Went down on a knee and cleared the boundary the way he used to during the IPL;
15.4;?;Raza Hasan to Maxwell, no run touch shorter on middle and that's pushed down to mid-on;
15.3;?;Raza Hasan to Maxwell, no run run out chance, not quite. Maxwell pushed the ball to cover point and ran for one but was sent back and he made it in time;
15.2;1;Raza Hasan to Bailey, 1 run;
15.1;3;Raza Hasan to Maxwell, 3 runs dropped at slip! Hasan made Maxwell drive with some flight outside off, the batsman pushed forward, got an edge and it went to Akmal's left at slip but he wasn't quick enough to react. Got a hand to it, but didn't catch it;
14.6;?;Afridi to Bailey, no run on length outside off, forward defence to cover form Bailey;
14.5;1;Afridi to Maxwell, 1 run flighted and full on off, pushed with a drive towards point where Shehzad dives but can't collect cleanly which concedes a single;
14.4;?;Afridi to Maxwell, no run fuller and drifting in to leg, Maxwell blocks it back;
14.3;?;Afridi to Maxwell, no run slower through the air as it pitched outside off and turned away further, left alone;
14.2;?;Afridi to Maxwell, no run flighted yorker drifting towards leg, Maxwell blocks it to the leg side;
14.1;?;Afridi to Maxwell, no run short and flat outside off, cut off the back foot to point;
14.1;1w;Afridi to Maxwell, 1 wide quick and down leg for a wide;
13.6;?;Raza Hasan to Bailey, no run bit of flight outside off, he comes down and pushes it to cover;
13.5;?;Raza Hasan to Bailey, no run length delivery on off, soft defence towards short cover and the keeper and slip run to get the ball;
13.4;?;Raza Hasan to Bailey, no run on length outside off, Bailey lets it go;
13.3;?;Raza Hasan to Bailey, no run he takes a step down and pushes the ball back to the bowler;
13.2;1;Raza Hasan to Maxwell, 1 run on length on the off stump, pushed to cover point by Maxwell;
13.1;W;Raza Hasan to Warner, OUT that would have gone for six if Irfan was not at long-on! Warner slog-swept the flighted delivery from well outside off down to long-on. It was surely going for six, but look who's there - Irfan. He jumps and takes a good catch well over his head with his arms stretched, which means the ball was about 10 feet above the ground;David Warner c Mohammad Irfan b Raza Hasan 29 (58m 27b 5x4 0x6) SR: 107.4;
12.6;?;Afridi to Bailey, no run beaten again, was that a catch? Bailey pushed again outside off and the turn beat him again, Sarfraz didn't catch it on first attempt;
12.5;?;Afridi to Bailey, no run what a beauty! It was on length right on off, decent flight, Bailey came forward to defend but the ball turned and bounced to just beat the outside edge;
12.5;1w;Afridi to Bailey, 1 wide wide down the leg side from short of length as it didn't turn;
12.4;?;Afridi to Bailey, no run on length again, Bailey pushes to cover after pressing forward;
12.3;?;Afridi to Bailey, no run full and flighted on off, he blocks it back;
12.2;?;Afridi to Bailey, no run length ball on off stump, Bailey leans forward and defends;
12.1;?;Afridi to Bailey, no run loud appeal for lbw, it's turned down! It was on length on the middle stump but it was drifting down, and probably going down leg from where it hit Bailey;
11.6;1;Raza Hasan to Bailey, 1 run similar length on leg stump, turned towards short fine leg for one and he avoids the maiden;
11.5;?;Raza Hasan to Bailey, no run touch shorter on off and middle, Bailey goes back and taps it to midwicket;
11.4;?;Raza Hasan to Bailey, no run leans forward to defend the length ball on off stump;
11.3;?;Raza Hasan to Bailey, no run on length on middle and leg, Bailey blocks it back;
11.2;?;Raza Hasan to Bailey, no run flatter down the leg side, Bailey sweeps but can't connect properly;
11.1;?;Raza Hasan to Bailey, no run full on off, Bailey defends it back;
10.6;?;Afridi to Warner, no run quicker and fuller towards off stump, pushed down to mid-on;
10.5;?;Afridi to Warner, no run turning in from outside off, Warner goes back and defends;
10.4;1;Afridi to Bailey, 1 run flighted and full on off, drives it down to long-off for one;
10.3;1;Afridi to Warner, 1 run shorter one outside off, slap-swept to deep midwicket for one;
10.2;2;Afridi to Warner, 2 runs tries the conventional sweep now and gets one down to fine leg for two;
10.1;?;Afridi to Warner, no run starts from length outside off, Warner tries a switch sweep but can't connect;
9.6;4;Irfan to Bailey, FOUR runs full and wide and Bailey leans forward to drive it between cover point and point in the gap for four;
9.5;?;Irfan to Bailey, no run length ball outside off, left alone easily;
9.4;?;Irfan to Bailey, no run shorter and wider outside off, he cuts but misses. Replays suggest there was a noise when the ball crossed the bat as there was a stifled appeal from Pakistan;
9.3;?;Irfan to Bailey, no run touch shorter on off, Bailey defends off the back foot;
9.2;?;Irfan to Bailey, no run fuller and wider outside off, he lets it go easily;
9.1;?;Irfan to Bailey, no run length ball on the off stump, he stays back to defend it;
8.6;4;Babar to Warner, FOUR runs flighted on length on middle, Warner sweeps again but there's a fielder at deep fine leg. Fawad run across to dive to his left but the ball goes through him;
8.5;1;Babar to Bailey, 1 run he comes down the track and pushes it down to long-off for one;
8.4;1;Babar to Warner, 1 run goes shorter and flatter and Warner stays back to work it on leg for one;
8.3;4;Babar to Warner, FOUR runs swept again! It wasn't full on off stump, he got a top edge but got enough to get four towards the fine leg four four;
8.2;?;Babar to Warner, no run on length outside off, he goes back to work it on leg and it drops well short of leg slip;
8.2;5w;Babar to Warner, 5 wide closer to leg, Warner went back to tuck it fine but it spun sharply and went past the keeper and leg slip as Warner let it go for five wides;
8.2;1w;Babar to Warner, 1 wide pitches outside leg and goes down further for a wide;
8.1;4;Babar to Warner, FOUR runs full on middle, Warner goes down on a knee and slog-sweeps it through midwicket in the air for a four. He's not going to buckle under pressure here;
7.6;?;Irfan to Bailey, no run fuller just outside off, Bailey gets bat and pushes it to point;
7.5;?;Irfan to Bailey, no run beats him! Touch shorter just outside off with the angle, Bailey stayed where he was to push and missed it;
7.4;?;Irfan to Bailey, no run length delivery well outside off with the angle, left alone;
7.3;?;Irfan to Bailey, no run on length on middle, Bailey leans a bit and pushes towards midwicket;
7.2;1;Irfan to Warner, 1 run angled in towards the pads, he flicks it to fine leg for one;
7.1;2;Irfan to Warner, 2 runs full and outside off, Warner doesn't move much but drives it delicately with good timing between point and cover point for two;
6.6;?;Babar to Bailey, no run flighted on length outside off, Bailey waits for it and pushes to point after the turn;
6.5;W;Babar to Smith, OUT edged and that's been taken by the keeper, good catch! It was short of length outside off, Smith went back to cut but it didn't turn and held its line instead. He got an outside edge and it was taken very close to the off stump by Sarfraz;Steven Smith c ?Sarfaraz Ahmed b Zulfiqar Babar 12 (12m 15b 2x4 0x6) SR: 80;
6.4;?;Babar to Smith, no run appeal for lbw but it was drifting in and hit him in front of leg, was going down further;
6.3;?;Babar to Smith, no run fuller now outside off, he stays in to defend again;
6.2;?;Babar to Smith, no run comes down, he pitches it short, it turns, but Smith gets enough to push it with an edge to point;
6.1;?;Babar to Smith, no run tossed up outside off, pushed back to the bowler;
5.6;3;Irfan to Smith, 3 runs fuller and angling away further and Smith drives it past point in the gap. Afridi is on the chase and dives just in time to cut it off and he saves a run;
5.5;?;Irfan to Smith, no run back of length on middle with the angle, he stays back to defend;
5.4;4;Irfan to Smith, FOUR runs full on the pads and Smith is not going to let that opportunity go. He flicks it off his pads, off the back foot through midwicket for four;
5.3;?;Irfan to Smith, no run fuller outside off, driven straight to cover off the front foot;
5.2;?;Irfan to Smith, no run on length towards the off stump, Smith defends off the back foot;
5.1;?;Irfan to Smith, no run back of length outside off, Smith stays in the crease to defend it;
4.6;1;Raza Hasan to Smith, 1 run full again and it's driven down to long-off this time;
4.5;4;Raza Hasan to Smith, FOUR runs he makes him drive but it was too full and Smith connected very well to send it caressing through the covers for four;
4.4;?;Raza Hasan to Smith, no run takes a step down and defends it to point from length;
4.3;?;Raza Hasan to Smith, no run on length outside off, Smith leans forward and defends;
4.2;1;Raza Hasan to Warner, 1 run goes back and tucks it to backward square leg for one;
4.1;4;Raza Hasan to Warner, FOUR runs pitched up and Warner smacks it to the long-on boundary with a slog sweep down on one knee for four;
3.6;W;Irfan to Finch, OUT beaten again, has he edged it! Misbah is reviewing it. It was outside off, Finch stayed back to defend it, the ball angled across after pitching on middle and the Pakistan players seem confident of an edge. It didn't look like there was enough evidence to overturn the decision, but there was a noise for sure when the ball passed the bat. Not 100% proof, but maybe enough for the third umpire;Aaron Finch c ?Sarfaraz Ahmed b Mohammad Irfan 14 (18m 12b 3x4 0x6) SR: 116.66;
3.5;4;Irfan to Finch, FOUR runs wider outside off, it wasn't a bad ball but he got on top of the bounce and punched it past point on the off side for a four;
3.4;?;Irfan to Finch, no run swing and a miss! It was fullish just outside off, Finch drove it down the ground but the movement after the ball pitched beat him;
3.3;?;Irfan to Finch, no run touch shorter with the angle outside off, Finch hops back to defend to cover;
3.2;?;Irfan to Finch, no run on length just outside off, pushed down to mid-off by Finch;
3.1;4;Irfan to Finch, FOUR runs he gets some extra bounce with the back of length ball outside off, Finch makes use of it by cutting it over point for four;
2.6;?;Raza Hasan to Warner, no run goes back to defend the length ball from outside off;
2.5;?;Raza Hasan to Warner, no run put down, but it was a great effort! Warner swept it to backward square leg, Fawad leapt in the air and got his left hand to it but it popped out or it would have been a stunner;
2.4;?;Raza Hasan to Warner, no run goes back to work it to square leg;
2.3;?;Raza Hasan to Warner, no run makes Warner go back again without giving him room as he pushes it to midwicket;
2.2;?;Raza Hasan to Warner, no run much better from Hasan - on length and well outside off, Warner goes back to defend;
2.1;4;Raza Hasan to Warner, FOUR runs flighted around middle, sharp turn but Warner gets into position to sweep it to the fine leg boundary for four;
1.6;2;Irfan to Finch, 2 runs connects this time, it was on length again but Finch drove it past mid-off in the gap for two even as Wahab dived but couldn't keep it to one;
1.5;?;Irfan to Finch, no run beats him outside off! It was angled across from length, Finch prodded forward to push it on off but missed it;
1.4;1lb;Irfan to Warner, 1 leg bye back of length towards the pads, helped to fine leg off the back foot for one;
1.3;?;Irfan to Warner, no run back of length on the off stump, Warner stays in the crease to defend it back;
1.2;?;Irfan to Warner, no run stifled appeal for lbw, back of length towards middle stump, Warner stayed back and got an inside edge onto the pads on the leg stump;
1.1;?;Irfan to Warner, no run length delivery just outside off, Warner stays back to defend it;
0.6;?;Raza Hasan to Finch, no run edged, but did that carry! Beautiful delivery from Hasan - flighted well outside off, Finch pressed forward to defend and the ball turned from length to take the edge to go to slip. Replays suggest the ball did not carry, it has bounced in front of Umar Akmal at slip even though he was celebrating;
0.5;?;Raza Hasan to Finch, no run rocks back, makes room and cuts it fiercely but straight to Shehzad at cover point;
0.4;?;Raza Hasan to Finch, no run comes forward and defends the length ball back to the bowler;
0.3;4;Raza Hasan to Finch, FOUR runs flighted well outside off and Finch waits for it and then swishes it to the deep backward point area for four on his first ball;
0.2;1;Raza Hasan to Warner, 1 run touch shorter and Warner goes back to pull it to deep midwicket;
0.2;1w;Raza Hasan to Warner, 1 wide another wide down leg as Warner looks to sweep it with the turn;
0.1;?;Raza Hasan to Warner, no run sharp turn now from middle on length and beating Warner;
0.1;1w;Raza Hasan to Warner, 1 wide flights it on leg and turns it down leg for a wide;

7.14pm Was that innings a usual Pakistan implosion or did it have something to do with the pitch? That opening stand certainly skews the opinion towards the former but this could still be a decent total. The Australian openers out and so are the fielders. Raza Hasan has the new ball on his debut
 Innings Start
Pakistan
Australia
2nd ODI (D/N), Dubai (DSC), Oct 10 2014, Australia tour of United Arab Emirates
215
217/5
Player of the match is Glenn Maxwell, AUS
Australia won by 5 wickets (with 40 balls remaining)
