Data
4.40pm What a time for Matthew Wade to come up with a telling contribution. He was faced with a crunch situation when Shannon Gabriel dismissed Steven Smith and Glenn Maxwell in the same over, but has he steered Australia out of trouble or what? More importantly, he added 40 more after being given a reprieve when Denesh Ramdin missed the easiest of run-outs - an underarm flick at the striker's end from no more than two yards away. 270 is an excellent total on this surface where there's grip, turn and uneven bounce. At several pockets, Australia were playing catch-up but they somehow managed to wriggle out every time. This should be an interesting chase. Join us in 40 minutes
49.6;6;Brathwaite to Wade, SIX runs what a hit to finish the innings. Too full, he gets down on one knee, gets underneath the ball and swings that across the line over wide long-on. Super hit!;
49.5;?;Brathwaite to Wade, no run swing and a miss. Looked to drag the slog from well outside off towards cow corner. Excellent call by the umpire this time;
49.4;W;Brathwaite to Wade, OUT swung across the line, Wade gets a thick inside edge to Brathwaite's left. Zampa took off for the run without realising the bowler moved to his left. Then it was a battle between the two, and Brathwaite runs all the way to the stumps to remove the bails at the non-striker's end. Zampa was a couple of yards short of the crease;Adam Zampa run out (Brathwaite) 5 (14m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 83.33;
49.3;?;Brathwaite to Wade, no run too full and well outside off, umpire Joe Wilson thinks it was well inside the wide line. Wade isn't impressed. Poor decision;
49.2;2;Brathwaite to Wade, 2 runs down on one knee as he makes room and crashes it into the gap between long off and deep cover, super knock this. 8th ODI fifty;
49.1;2;Brathwaite to Wade, 2 runs low full toss outside off, Wade reaches out to squeeze it into the gap at deep point;
48.6;1;Holder to Wade, 1 run yorker-length ball angling away, swung across the line, he manages to squeeze it to deep midwicket;
48.5;1;Holder to Zampa, 1 run slapped down the ground, straight to long-on;
48.4;2;Holder to Zampa, 2 runs clean strike over cover, but there's a sweeper circling around the ropes to keep it down to just two;
48.3;?;Holder to Zampa, no run dabbed back to the bowler, some lift off the deck from the length area on off stump on that occasion;
48.2;1;Holder to Wade, 1 run driven to the man at the edge of the circle at cover, gem of an innings from Wade under the circumstances;
48.1;6;Holder to Wade, SIX runs wow, he's hit that superbly. This one was full and angling across, Wade once again went cross-batted across the line, and Wade used his bottom hand to swing across the line and hammer it over deep midwicket;
48.1;1w;Holder to Wade, 1 wide terrible delivery, high full toss but well outside off. Wade can't reach;
47.6;?;Pollard to Zampa, no run beaten by the slower one. Cany variations again, rolls his fingers over the ball and lands it just around off stump, Zampa was through with the stroke even before the ball arrived and missed. Not far away from the stumps;
47.5;1;Pollard to Wade, 1 run drills one down to long-on, wanted the second but he hit it too well;
47.4;6;Pollard to Wade, SIX runs clean strike, what a beauty! This one was full and angling across, Wade swung across the line and saw that sail over long-on. Boom!;
47.3;1;Pollard to Zampa, 1 run into the blockhole from wide of the crease, Zampa squeezes it wide of point for another quick single;
47.2;1;Pollard to Wade, 1 run swung across the line, doesn't time it well, long-on comes in to cut that off;
47.1;1;Pollard to Zampa, 1 run slow off-cutter that has been bunted wide of point to bring Wade back on strike;
46.6;?;Holder to Wade, no run drives, but gets it high on the bat, stopped by cover;
46.5;W;Holder to Coulter-Nile, OUT swung in the air, this goes miles in the air, Bravo settles underneath that at mid-on and takes the skier without much fuss. Coulter-Nile went across the line even as the bat face turned in his hand, which meant there wasn't much power generated behind the stroke. Easy as they come for Bravo;Nathan Coulter-Nile c Bravo b Holder 15 (16m 10b 1x4 0x6) SR: 150;
46.4;?;Holder to Coulter-Nile, no run backs away to carve one over point, but Holder did well by bowling it full and wide outside off, NCN could only watch it through to the keeper in the end;
46.3;2;Holder to Coulter-Nile, 2 runs makes some room to swing over midwicket, gets a thick inside edge towards deep square, aggressive running gives them the second;
46.2;1;Holder to Wade, 1 run walks across to paddle, gets it high on the pad and only a run will result as short fine leg stops it;
46.1;?;Holder to Wade, no run angles a full-length delivery outside off, Wade fails to get some bat on it;
45.6;2;Pollard to Coulter-Nile, 2 runs catching opportunity, but no one takes it. He looked to swing, got it high in the air but the ball fell in no man's land even as two fielders came running in from the leg side boundary - one from deep midwicket and another from deep square leg;
45.5;1;Pollard to Wade, 1 run works it back past the bowler to mid-off;
45.5;1w;Pollard to Wade, 1 wide floats the slower ball down leg, easy call;
45.4;1;Pollard to Coulter-Nile, 1 run How did Ramdin miss the stumps from a couple of yards? I really don't know. Coulter-Nile squeezes a yorker behind the stumps and takes off, Ramdin does the difficult job of running in and then picks the ball up with one hand and fires an underarm throw which misses the stumps by a long way. The batsman was nowhere in the picture;
45.3;4;Pollard to Coulter-Nile, FOUR runs easy pickings for NCN! Fine leg and third man were up, which meant Pollard couldn't really drift too much on either side. This one's a juicy half-volley on the pads, which he clips past short fine leg;
45.2;1;Pollard to Wade, 1 run slower one again, slapped to Charles at long-off;
45.1;1;Pollard to Coulter-Nile, 1 run angles a slower one into the pads from wide of the crease, he chips it over the infield to the man coming in from deep midwicket;
44.6;1;Holder to Coulter-Nile, 1 run full toss on the pads, worked behind square on the leg side, they thought about the second briefly before giving up the idea;
44.5;1;Holder to Wade, 1 run goes for a full-blooded drive, gets a thick inside-edge that rolls to long-off, called for two but that was clearly a case of sheer optimism;
44.4;1;Holder to Coulter-Nile, 1 run chops that down to third man for an easy single;
44.3;1;Holder to Wade, 1 run angles a yorker-length delivery across Wade, who squeezes it wide of the keeper for a quick single;
44.2;?;Holder to Wade, no run cuts, but straight to short third man. A metre on either side and it was four;
44.1;4;Holder to Wade, FOUR runs pulled well, that's a top shot! Gets on top of the bounce and helps it behind deep backward square. Bisected the gap to perfection;
44.1;1w;Holder to Wade, 1 wide too full, but well down leg. Wade misses a faint tickle, Holder will have to bowl that one again;
43.6;1;Narine to Wade, 1 run drifts into middle, driven down to long-on. End of Narine's spell;
43.5;3;Narine to Coulter-Nile, 3 runs cleverly done! Gets back into the crease, opens the bat face and plays it really late, past short third man. Super touch, super timing;
43.4;W;Narine to Starc, OUT first wicket for Narine, he has his revenge this time. Nothing wrong with the legality of the delivery. He tosses it up generously, the ball spins away sharply and beats Starc's wild swing. In trying to slog again, Starc was outside the crease as Ramdin collected the ball cleanly and whipped the bails off in a jiffy, with the backfoot a good couple of yards out.;Mitchell Starc st ?Ramdin b Narine 17 (26m 25b 1x4 1x6) SR: 68;
43.3;?;Narine to Starc, no run mistimes a cut again, straight to point;
43.2;6;Narine to Starc, SIX runs as clean as it can get! Chips down the track, gets to the pitch and swings across the line. Excellent use of the bottom hand to get the elevation, and that flew into the crowd at deep midwicket. Wow;
43.2;1w;Narine to Starc, 1 wide fires it wide outside off, Starc shapes to cut but can't reach the delivery;
43.1;?;Narine to Starc, no run cuts, but finds point;
42.6;1;Holder to Starc, 1 run yorker veers in, Starc drops his bat down and toe-ends it behind square;
42.5;1;Holder to Wade, 1 run rushing short ball on off, pulled to deep midwicket;
42.4;1;Holder to Starc, 1 run length ball on leg stump, heaved to fine leg;
42.3;?;Holder to Starc, no run awaycutter outside off, short, slapped to point;
42.2;1;Holder to Wade, 1 run back of a length on middle, Wade uses his wrists and manipulates it towards the short midwicket region. A clean grab and a throw from Holder could have had Wadea;
42.1;?;Holder to Wade, no run lifter angled away outside off, Wade drops his gloves on it and sways his upper body out of the way;
41.6;?;Narine to Starc, no run he whirls down a quicker straighter one outside off. Zips past the outside edge;
41.5;?;Narine to Starc, no run full and straight, stabbed through the covers;
41.4;?;Narine to Starc, no run Narine lobs this offbreak outside off, Starc has a mighty mow across the line. Slog sweep and a miss;
41.3;?;Narine to Starc, no run pushed through, round-arm action, chopped to the off side;
41.2;1;Narine to Wade, 1 run Wade pre-meditates a sweep, floater on off, he intended to go finer. Ends up hitting the ball through square leg;
41.1;2;Narine to Wade, 2 runs very full on middle, driven through the covers for a couple;
40.6;1;Benn to Wade, 1 run Benn liberally tosses this up outside off, Wade presses forward and eases a single to long-off;
40.5;1;Benn to Starc, 1 run straighter one, which is pushed down to long-off;
40.4;1;Benn to Wade, 1 run short and spins in, cramping Wade. He shapes to pull and ends up flapping it ungainly over midwicket;
40.3;1b;Benn to Starc, 1 bye speared outside off, Starc aims for a slog sweep and is beaten, as is Ramdin;
40.3;1w;Benn to Starc, 1 wide fired down leg, wide;
40.2;?;Benn to Starc, no run dipping full toss on the leg stump, misses the flick and takes it on the pad;
40.1;?;Benn to Starc, no run shortish on off, camps back and defends;
39.6;?;Narine to Wade, no run looped up full on middle, dead-batted;
39.6;1w;Narine to Wade, 1 wide leg-side wide;
39.5;2;Narine to Wade, 2 runs kncukle ball drifting down leg, tickled to short fine leg, where Gabriel makes a diving save, and takes some pace off the ball;
39.4;?;Narine to Wade, no run tossed on middle, Wade stretches forward and paddles to short fine leg;
39.3;1;Narine to Starc, 1 run floater on off, Starc has a big swing at it and toe-ends it...... It drops in front of wide long-off. Charles din't quite attack the ball;
39.2;?;Narine to Starc, no run knuckle ball slides in, played back to the bowler;
39.1;2;Narine to Starc, 2 runs round-arm full ball outside off, carved off the back foot to short third man, where Fletcher fumbles. Lazy to bend down and collect the ball;
38.6;4;Benn to Wade, FOUR runs Wade leans back and square-cuts this short ball from outside off to the point fence. Australia need more of this;
38.5;?;Benn to Wade, no run flighted and spins in, forward and pushed back to Benn;
38.4;1lb;Benn to Starc, 1 leg bye fired into the leg stump, cramps Starc, deflected to short fine leg;
38.3;?;Benn to Starc, no run tossed up and drifts in, poked to the covers off an inside edge;
38.2;1;Benn to Wade, 1 run Wade picks it from the off stump and sweeps a single to fine leg;
38.1;?;Benn to Wade, no run tossed outside off, dabbed to point;
37.6;1;Narine to Wade, 1 run full knuckle ball, Wade drives and squirts an inside edge behind square;
37.5;1;Narine to Starc, 1 run knuckle ball, Narine special, whipped to long-on;
37.4;4;Narine to Starc, FOUR runs tossed full on off, Starc winds up for a swipe and ends up skying it straighter for four;
37.3;?;Narine to Starc, no run slider on off, punched to mid-off;
37.2;?;Narine to Starc, no run offbreak outside off, left alone;
37.1;1;Narine to Wade, 1 run Wade bends and pre-mediates a sweep, hit from off stump to short fine leg;
36.6;?;Benn to Starc, no run Benn greets Starc with a yorker, he drops his bat down in time and survives;
36.5;W;Benn to Marsh, OUT Chopped on! The bails are sent flying. Having gone wicketless on Friday, Benn nips out Marsh. Pushed through quicker, 90.4ks, and turns away from the right hander. He has a lazy waft away from the body after stepping back and chops it onto the stumps via an inside edge. The WI fans are dancing and grooving in the stands;Mitchell Marsh b Benn 32 (55m 45b 4x4 0x6) SR: 71.11;
36.4;1;Benn to Wade, 1 run back of a length and turns in, nudged towards square leg;
36.3;1;Benn to Marsh, 1 run short and turns away outside off, forced to sweeper cover;
36.2;?;Benn to Marsh, no run arm-ball, snakes in, chopped back off an inside edge;
36.1;?;Benn to Marsh, no run full and drifts in, stabbed to the covers;
35.6;?;Narine to Wade, no run slider on middle, Wade aimed to back away and is cramped for room. Kept out;
35.5;1;Narine to Marsh, 1 run offbreak on off, fraction short, punched to long-on off the back foot;
35.4;?;Narine to Marsh, no run slid through short on off, camps back and pushes to mid-on;
35.3;3;Narine to Wade, 3 runs darted outside off, Wade cuts and rolls an outside edge behind point for three;
35.2;?;Narine to Wade, no run dropped short and outside off, stands tall and punches to the covers;
35.1;1;Narine to Marsh, 1 run whipped off the pads through midwicket;
34.6;?;Benn to Wade, no run dangled up full and outside off, not much turn, Wade stretches forward for a sweep across the line and only meets with thin air;
34.5;1;Benn to Marsh, 1 run tossed full on off, driven down to long-off to break the sequence of 11 dots;
34.4;?;Benn to Marsh, no run shorter and drifts in to cramp Marsh for room, mis-timed into short extra cover;
34.3;?;Benn to Marsh, no run length ball on middle, half-forward and pushes to short extra cover;
34.2;?;Benn to Marsh, no run pushed through on off, defended;
34.1;?;Benn to Marsh, no run slides outside off with extra bounce, defeats the attempted cut. Bounces into the gloves of Ramdin;
33.6;?;Narine to Wade, no run round-armish full ball on middle, Wade keeps it out and rounds off a maiden;
33.5;?;Narine to Wade, no run loopier on middle, Wade bends forward in defence;
33.4;?;Narine to Wade, no run a touch shorter, punched to the covers;
33.3;?;Narine to Wade, no run Wade pre-meditates a sweep, Narine alters his length and pushes full outside off. Wade adjusts and drives to the covers;
33.2;?;Narine to Wade, no run may have been a knuckle ball, curls in, Wade smothers it to the leg side;
33.1;?;Narine to Wade, no run lobbed up on off, Wade defends to silly point;
32.6;?;Gabriel to Marsh, no run good length and angled in on off at 143ks, defended back to Gabriel;
32.5;1;Gabriel to Wade, 1 run full ball at off, Wade shuffles across off and clips it to midwicket;
32.4;1;Gabriel to Marsh, 1 run full and straight, whipped to mid-on;
32.3;4;Gabriel to Marsh, FOUR runs pitched up and on off, sort of stops on Marsh. He is through with the lofted drive. Ends up chipping it over mid-off. The ball rolls away for four;
32.2;?;Gabriel to Marsh, no run even fuller on off, driven firmly to mid-off;
32.1;?;Gabriel to Marsh, no run full and aimed at off, pushed back to Gabriel;
31.6;1;Narine to Marsh, 1 run played off the backfoot to long-on. Eventful over;
31.5;1lb;Narine to Wade, 1 leg bye didn't pick the straighter one that drift back into middle and leg to hit him high on the pad;
31.4;?;Narine to Wade, no run beaten on the drive. He plays for the turn but the ball skids straight on, well stopped by Ramdin;
31.3;1;Narine to Marsh, 1 run touch fuller on middle, worked off the backfoot to deep midwicket;
31.2;?;Narine to Marsh, no run turned with the spin to short midwicket;
31.1;?;Narine to Marsh, no run slow turn back into middle and leg, Marsh is struck high on the pad as he looks to work it to the on side;
30.6;W;Gabriel to Maxwell, OUT another one bites the dust. Gabriel didn't celebrate Smith's wicket, but that isn't the case now as he roars in delight. This one's an incoming length ball that nips back in a touch from the off stump, Maxwell misses the line completely and is struck plumb in front of leg stump Possibly a big moment in the match!;Glenn Maxwell lbw b Gabriel 4 (4m 4b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
30.5;4;Gabriel to Maxwell, FOUR runs edged, but safe! Doesn't carry to Ramdin, who spontaneously moved to his left. The ball was dying on him though as it races away off the deflection into the third man boundary. Can't blame Ramdin there. Maxwell looked to run that down a lot squarer. Lucky break;
30.4;?;Gabriel to Maxwell, no run flew off an open blade to point, good work there;
30.3;?;Gabriel to Maxwell, no run this one's nice and full outside off, watched through to the keeper;
30.2;W;Gabriel to Smith, OUT Christmas has come early for Gabriel after what was a horror spell until now. Rang long hop this one - too short - and Smith tries to fetch the pull from outside off when he could have easily looked to cut that behind point, gets a top edge and Marlon Samuels gleefully accepts the dolly at midwicket. Smith knew he was dead the moment he hit that. A hint of extra bounce on this surface also played its part.;Steven Smith c Samuels b Gabriel 46 (106m 59b 4x4 0x6) SR: 77.96;
30.1;1;Gabriel to Marsh, 1 run plants his frontfoot forward and eases that on the up to deep cover;
29.6;1;Benn to Marsh, 1 run driven with the spin to deep cover;
29.5;?;Benn to Marsh, no run gets half-forward to ease that quicker one to the off side;
29.4;?;Benn to Marsh, no run gets forward and bunts it back down the pitch;
29.3;4;Benn to Marsh, FOUR runs not all that short, but Marsh still manages to find the gap behind point. Quality stroke. There was just a hint of width, and Marsh converted an inch into an acre. Played it really late and picked the gap to perfection;
29.2;1;Benn to Smith, 1 run chops it between cover and point for a quick single;
29.1;?;Benn to Smith, no run gets forward and plays it with the spin to cover;
28.6;?;Gabriel to Marsh, no run too short, Marsh mistimes an attempted cut to cover;
28.5;1;Gabriel to Smith, 1 run eased down to third man for an easy single;
28.4;4;Gabriel to Smith, FOUR runs too full, in the slot for Smith to lean forward, open the bat face and slice that into the gap behind point. Sweeper cover fielder Johnson Charles tried hard, but couldn't get across in time. Such was the timing on the stroke.;
28.3;1;Gabriel to Marsh, 1 run mistimed drive but he'll get a one, sweeper cover comes in to cut that off;
28.3;1w;Gabriel to Marsh, 1 wide width on offer, Marsh shapes to play a square drive but can't reach the delivery, easy call for the umpire;
28.2;?;Gabriel to Marsh, no run hits the deck hard and gets some lift, Marsh is well inside the crease as he bunts it to the off side;
28.1;4;Gabriel to Marsh, FOUR runs width on offer, he gets on top of the bounce and cuts it behind point. No chance for third man. Not an auspicious start from Gabriel;
27.6;1;Benn to Marsh, 1 run slow turn from outside off, crunched to deep cover;
27.5;?;Benn to Marsh, no run lunges forward and smothers the spin;
27.4;1;Benn to Smith, 1 run too full this time, Smith gives it a proper thump that is half-stopped by Darren Bravo at cover;
27.3;?;Benn to Smith, no run short, he gets back, makes room and cuts it, but straight to cover;
27.2;1;Benn to Marsh, 1 run worked across the line to long-on;
27.1;?;Benn to Marsh, no run lovely flight, lands it on middle, driven with the spin with hard hands to cover;
26.6;1;Brathwaite to Marsh, 1 run dabbed with soft hands towards point, but he really had to scamper through to complete the run as he was pushed onto the backfoot, which meant he had an extra yard or two to make up. No damage done in the end as there was no direct hit;
26.5;1;Brathwaite to Smith, 1 run worked off his pads into the gap at deep midwicket, wanted the second but the throw was a quick one at the bowler's end;
26.4;?;Brathwaite to Smith, no run floats that full on off stump, Smith shuffles across and taps it to cover;
26.3;?;Brathwaite to Smith, no run gets across to defend gently to the off side;
26.2;1;Brathwaite to Marsh, 1 run uppish, but the edge falls safely into no man's land, third man comes around to stop that. Marsh on 999;
26.1;4;Brathwaite to Marsh, FOUR runs driven on the up, and that has raced away into the cover boundary at the rate of knots. Too much width, Marsh frees his arms to belt that on the up!;
25.6;1;Benn to Marsh, 1 run gets a leading edge that rolls towards mid-off;
25.5;1;Benn to Smith, 1 run opens the face of the bat to ease it wide of point for an easy single;
25.4;?;Benn to Smith, no run this one straightens from middle, he gets back to work it across the line but is late on the shot;
25.3;1;Benn to Marsh, 1 run quicker one on middle, gets back to defend;
25.2;?;Benn to Marsh, no run And he nearly had him with a beauuuuuty!! This one drifts back in from around the stumps, hits something and then turns square to beat Marsh's outside edge by a whisker. Benn thought there was an edge, but there wasn't here. Anyway, it didn't matter as Ramdin didn't collect it cleanly;
25.1;1;Benn to Smith, 1 run touch short, he makes room and crunches it to deep point;
24.6;?;Brathwaite to Marsh, no run drives, but plays outside the line and gets an inside edge that rolls back to the bowler. Wicket maiden;
24.5;?;Brathwaite to Marsh, no run solidly behind the line again as he defends to the off side, Brathwaite isn't giving anything away either;
24.4;?;Brathwaite to Marsh, no run straightens off length outside off, bunted to point;
24.3;?;Brathwaite to Marsh, no run gets half-forward and defends again;
24.2;?;Brathwaite to Marsh, no run shows the full face of the bat to defend;
24.1;W;Brathwaite to Bailey, OUT got him! Bailey was just starting to tick over, but the slightest of mistakes has cost him. Brathwaite bowls an incoming length ball which Bailey looks to run it down to third man, but there wasn't much room to work with as he ends up chopping it back onto the stumps. The squeeze was on, you got the feeling that Bailey was getting a little edgy to score after a string of dots early on in his innings, but that isn't to be tonight.;George Bailey b Brathwaite 22 (44m 44b 2x4 0x6) SR: 50;
23.6;2;Benn to Smith, 2 runs once again, hint of width is enough for Smith to work the ball into the gap towards deep point and come back for the second;
23.5;1;Benn to Bailey, 1 run driven inside-out to sweeper cover, much better from the Smiling George;
23.4;1;Benn to Smith, 1 run backs away, uses the width and cuts it to deep point;
23.3;2;Benn to Smith, 2 runs steps out and works it across the line towards deep midwicket, Johnson Charles was caught napping;
23.2;1;Benn to Bailey, 1 run cuts but can't find the gap as he hits it straight to point, almost a mix-up but no damage done as Smith scampers through;
23.1;?;Benn to Bailey, no run drift back in followed by sharp turn, Bailey is beaten in flight as he skips out, blocks it somehow in the end;
22.6;1;Brathwaite to Bailey, 1 run short and outside off, Bailey rides it down to third man;
22.5;2;Brathwaite to Bailey, 2 runs back of a length and outside off, Bailey waits, waits, waits, and glides it to third man;
22.4;1;Brathwaite to Smith, 1 run sharp incutter, Smith seeks to cut, the ball does not come on. He chops an inside edge that whistles past the leg stump;
22.3;1;Brathwaite to Bailey, 1 run shorter and outside off, Bailey aims to pull. Ends up dragging a single to deep midwicket;
22.2;?;Brathwaite to Bailey, no run length and outside off, forward and bunted to short extra cover;
22.1;1;Brathwaite to Smith, 1 run whipped around the corner to deep square leg;
21.6;?;Benn to Bailey, no run drifts in and strays into the thigh, Bailey goes back and does not connect with the flick;
21.5;?;Benn to Bailey, no run pushed to short extra cover, straight to the fielder;
21.4;2;Benn to Bailey, 2 runs now it's Bailey's turn to dance out and milk it down the ground, for two;
21.3;1;Benn to Smith, 1 run down the track and driven to long-on;
21.2;1;Benn to Bailey, 1 run forced past short extra cover for one as Bailey gets a run, after playing out 15 dots;
21.1;1;Benn to Smith, 1 run tossed on off, dropped into the covers for one;
20.6;?;Brathwaite to Bailey, no run Good variation. Carlos drags this shorter and offers not much width outside off, Bailey responds by getting on top of the bounce and punching to short extra cover;
20.5;?;Brathwaite to Bailey, no run yikes! This indipper kept low and outside off, beats the inside edge. Bailey reaches out, cuts and misses;
20.4;?;Brathwaite to Bailey, no run Carlos pulls his length back on off, Bailey hops and stabs to short extra cover;
20.3;?;Brathwaite to Bailey, no run full and angled in at off, Bailey closes the bat-face and defends to the midwicket region;
20.2;?;Brathwaite to Bailey, no run inducker, Bailey plays back and squirts an inside snick onto the pad;
20.1;1;Brathwaite to Smith, 1 run length and outside off, helped down to third man for one;
19.6;?;Benn to Bailey, no run turn and bounce! Skirts past the outside edge of the groping bat. Drifts in on off and turns away late, Bailey had to play at it. He is beaten emphatically. This should encourage Benn, as well as Zampa. Ramdin takes it just below his chest;
19.5;?;Benn to Bailey, no run drifts in on middle, Bailey answers with a straight bat and blocks;
19.4;?;Benn to Bailey, no run Benn goes short and outside off, allows Bailey to rock back. Cut to short extra cover;
19.3;?;Benn to Bailey, no run down the track and quietly defended to cover;
19.2;1;Benn to Smith, 1 run very full on middle, jabbed to sweeper cover for one;
19.1;?;Benn to Smith, no run lobs a full toss on middle, squeezed back to the bowler;
18.6;?;Brathwaite to Bailey, no run Bailey reaches out and pushes this full ball to point. He plays out a maiden;
18.5;?;Brathwaite to Bailey, no run full and aimed at off, Bailey blocks it to the covers;
18.4;?;Brathwaite to Bailey, no run full and angled in on middle, blocked out;
18.3;?;Brathwaite to Bailey, no run full and floated outside off, defended to the covers;
18.2;?;Brathwaite to Bailey, no run full and angled in on off, defended back to the bowler;
18.1;?;Brathwaite to Bailey, no run he goes wide of the crease and gets it to veer in sharply from outside off, strikes the pad in front of off and middle. Ump Kettleborough does not budge. Impact in line, yes. Going over the stumps? Oh, the tracker shows that it would have hit middle;
17.6;1;Narine to Bailey, 1 run pushed through a bit short on middle, Bailey hangs back and forces a single to long-on;
17.5;?;Narine to Bailey, no run short again on off, the batsman steps out and flays it straight to short extra cover;
17.4;?;Narine to Bailey, no run slower and fuller on middle, knocked to the midwicket region;
17.3;4;Narine to Bailey, FOUR runs Narine drops it short again, this is wide outside off. Bailey shifts his balance to the back foot and cracks a cut to the cover boundary;
17.2;?;Narine to Bailey, no run Bailey steps out, Narine dragged his length back and found some turn to hit the pad again;
17.1;?;Narine to Bailey, no run slides full on middle and leg, nudges and misses, as Narine hits the pad;
16.6;2;Pollard to Smith, 2 runs pitched up and wide outside off, Smith reaches out, slicing a drive to third man;
16.5;?;Pollard to Smith, no run looped outside off, forward and dabbed to short extra cover;
16.4;1;Pollard to Bailey, 1 run short and comes in on off, Bailey camps back and clips to the right of short midwicket for one;
16.3;?;Pollard to Bailey, no run Bailey whips a full one from off stump to short midwicket;
16.2;1;Pollard to Smith, 1 run shortish incutter, sticks in the surface and climbs onto Smith, who cuts and chops an inside edge to short fine leg;
16.1;?;Pollard to Smith, no run another little incutter on off, pushed back to KP;
15.6;1;Narine to Smith, 1 run tossed full on middle, picked away through midwicket;
15.5;4;Narine to Smith, FOUR runs Narine loses his rhythm. He fires it quick and short down leg, Smith just helps it squarer of short fine leg;
15.4;4;Narine to Smith, FOUR runs nifty footwork and wristwork. Smith twinkles down to meet a full one outside off. He then whips it over short midwicket;
15.3;?;Narine to Smith, no run length and breaks in, worked to short fine leg;
15.2;2;Narine to Smith, 2 runs full and straight, no turn, Smith twirls his wrists and puts it away to deep midwicket;
15.2;1w;Narine to Smith, 1 wide slid down leg, Smith aims to shovel it fine, no dice, wide;
15.1;1;Narine to Bailey, 1 run Bailey plays back to this offbreak and whips to deep midwicket;
14.6;1;Pollard to Bailey, 1 run back of a length and sticks in the surface outside off, Bailey waits and late-cuts to third man;
14.5;1;Pollard to Smith, 1 run pitched up on off, nudged into the covers for a single;
14.4;?;Pollard to Smith, no run short and wide outside off again, Smith slashes a cut to backward point;
14.3;?;Pollard to Smith, no run cutter outside off, forward and bunted to the covers;
14.2;?;Pollard to Smith, no run offcutter short and outside off, whipped to midwicket;
14.1;?;Pollard to Smith, no run short and wide outside off, chopped to point;
13.6;1;Narine to Smith, 1 run whipped from off stump through square leg;
13.5;1;Narine to Bailey, 1 run Bailey hangs back and jabs it away past KP;
13.4;?;Narine to Bailey, no run spinning into the legs, tucked.... KP intercepts it at short leg;
13.3;?;Narine to Bailey, no run full and breaks in again, poked in front of short leg;
13.2;?;Narine to Bailey, no run full and breaks in quickly, defended back;
13.1;1;Narine to Smith, 1 run offbreak on off, not much turn, Smith shuffles across and whips to deep midwicket;
12.6;?;Pollard to Bailey, no run full on off, Bailey presses forward and blocks this roller back to KP;
12.5;4;Pollard to Bailey, FOUR runs full and wide outside off, Bailey chases and sends a bottom edge wide of reach of Ramdin. Beats the diving keeper to his left and rolls away to the fine leg fence;
12.4;?;Pollard to Bailey, no run full and cuts in to rap the pad, not given by umpire Kettleborough, looked like it was heading down leg;
12.3;W;Pollard to Finch, OUT KP strikes in his first over and nearly does a Tahir, again. He looks towards the stands, perhaps, and does the finger-on-the-lip celebration. The lack of pace does Finch in. Back of a length incutter, comes in from outside off at 115ks, Finch aims to force it from there. This means that he drags a catch to Samuels at deep midwicket;Aaron Finch c Samuels b Pollard 47 (57m 41b 6x4 1x6) SR: 114.63;
12.2;1;Pollard to Smith, 1 run another full offcutter, 110ks, whippy drive to long-on;
12.1;1;Pollard to Finch, 1 run starts off with a 107ks floaty incutter on middle, Finch waits and pokes it out in front of midwicket;
11.6;?;Brathwaite to Smith, no run back of a length on off, Smith shuffles across, this time punching to mid-on;
11.5;?;Brathwaite to Smith, no run back of a length and outside off, skip Smith shuffles across, punching to point;
11.4;1;Brathwaite to Finch, 1 run Finch uses the incoming angle and glides a single to fine leg;
11.3;?;Brathwaite to Finch, no run full, off-stump line, dabbed to backward point;
11.2;4;Brathwaite to Finch, FOUR runs cracked! Full on off, Finch plonks his front foot forward and belts it over the bowler's head. Nobody could stop that;
11.1;2;Brathwaite to Finch, 2 runs he goes wide of the crease and angles this full ball on off, Finch attacks it and lofts it cleanly over extra cover, KP runs to his right and right-boots the ball by the edge of the boundary. Carlos applauds KP's effort;
10.6;1;Holder to Finch, 1 run hustled for pace, and so he isn't entirely in control of the pull, gets a top edge that falls short of fine leg;
10.5;?;Holder to Finch, no run floats it full on off stump, Finch gets a good stride forward and then offers a dead bat to defend;
10.4;?;Holder to Finch, no run gets on top of the bounce and pats it back to the bowler;
10.3;?;Holder to Finch, no run defended to the left of Holder, wants the single thinking he'd hit it to mid-off but quickly realised that wasn't the case;
10.2;?;Holder to Finch, no run hint of extra bounce from length area outside off, bunted to point;
10.1;4;Holder to Finch, FOUR runs drawn forward, but can only get a thick edge. Doesn't matter though as it races past the vacant slip cordon. Third man was too square. Finch jabbed at that, but is lucky this time;
9.6;?;Brathwaite to Smith, no run punched again, but will get just a single as the cover fielder moves swiftly to his left to stop that;
9.5;?;Brathwaite to Smith, no run punched on the up, but straight to backward point;
9.4;?;Brathwaite to Smith, no run looks to force one through the off side, gets a thick inside edge that rolls back down the pitch;
9.3;1;Brathwaite to Finch, 1 run opens the bat face late to use the pace and run it down to third man;
9.2;?;Brathwaite to Finch, no run angles one back in from wide of the crease, patted back to the bowler;
9.1;?;Brathwaite to Finch, no run accurate start, full on off stump, played back down the pitch;
8.6;?;Holder to Smith, no run low full toss, but Smith fails to take full toll of that as he drives it straight to mid-on. Looked like he wanted to work it into the gap between mid-on and midwicket;
8.5;1;Holder to Finch, 1 run veers in towards middle and leg, he drops it towards midwicket with soft hands for a quick single;
8.4;1;Holder to Smith, 1 run shuffles across to whip that one to deep square leg;
8.3;?;Holder to Smith, no run nips back in after pitching on length around off stump, defended towards the off side;
8.2;2;Holder to Smith, 2 runs slower delivery, Smith opens the face of the bat late to steer that into the gap behind point, third man runs around 20 yards or so to his right to cut that off;
8.1;?;Holder to Smith, no run bunts that length ball to cover, calls no immediately;
7.6;?;Gabriel to Finch, no run this one's punched down the ground, straight to mid-on though. 16 off that;
7.5;4;Gabriel to Finch, FOUR runs didn't get hold of it, but it's still a boundary. Too full, Finch decides to go straight, but ends up dragging it a bit, clears mid-on though. Finch is slowly revving up his innings;
7.4;6;Gabriel to Finch, SIX runs straight as a dye, balance, timing, power all in sync as the ball made a sweet sound as it made contact with Finch's big broad blade. Uses a straight bat to loft him through the line, the ball dents the sightscreen on the full;
7.3;4;Gabriel to Finch, FOUR runs no rhythm at all. Too short, and Finch will gobble those for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Hops back, uses the length to whip that away behind square on the leg side;
7.2;2;Gabriel to Finch, 2 runs too straight, and he's worked that wide of the diving midwicket fielder. Finch was in perfect balance as he used his wrists to pick the gap;
7.1;?;Gabriel to Finch, no run length ball on middle and leg, worked to midwicket;
6.6;?;Holder to Smith, no run floats that on off stump, touch fuller than usual, Smith lets that go;
6.5;?;Holder to Smith, no run driven firmly, but straight to mid-off;
6.4;?;Holder to Smith, no run excellent leave, in that zone outside off where most batsmen aren't sure whether to play forward or go back;
6.3;?;Holder to Smith, no run gets half-forward to solidly defend that full delivery on off stump;
6.2;?;Holder to Smith, no run shuffles across to tap that short of length delivery on off towards point;
6.1;?;Holder to Smith, no run holds onto the surface again as Smith awkwardly bunts it to the off side. The bat face turned in his hand as he defended;
5.6;?;Gabriel to Finch, no run plays outside the line, gets a thick inside edge to midwicket;
5.5;?;Gabriel to Finch, no run floats it at length on off stump, pushed to cover. Better lines and lengths in this over;
5.4;?;Gabriel to Finch, no run punches the incoming length ball to mid-on;
5.3;2;Gabriel to Finch, 2 runs worked off the pads to deep square leg, the fielder had to move a good 20 yards to his left to cut that off;
5.2;?;Gabriel to Finch, no run looks to pull but is late on the stroke, ball deflects off the thigh pad to Ramdin behind the stumps;
5.1;?;Gabriel to Finch, no run angles a full ball on off stump, pushed to cover;
4.6;?;Holder to Smith, no run hint of extra bounce from middle, Smith pushes outside the line and his hit on the elbow as the ball rolls to Ramdin. Ouch!;
4.5;?;Holder to Smith, no run shuffles across again, this time punches the length ball on middle to midwicket;
4.4;4;Holder to Smith, FOUR runs shuffles across the stumps and flicks the buffet ball on middle and leg to the fine leg boundary. That wasn't an ideal delivery first up;
4.3;W;Holder to Khawaja, OUT poor shot selection has consumed him. Not much feet movement as Khawaja looks to cut, but the ball was a lot fuller than he would have liked, and the thin edge is pouched by Denesh Ramdin. Boundaries were reeling off the blade, so a timely wicket for West Indies. The skipper has struck and it seems there isn't much wrong with his hamstring going by his roaring celebration there.;Usman Khawaja c ?Ramdin b Holder 14 (20m 14b 3x4 0x6) SR: 100;
4.2;?;Holder to Khawaja, no run glides it to point where Fletcher slides to his right to stop what looked a certain single;
4.1;?;Holder to Khawaja, no run hops across, opens the bat face and steers it to backward point;

Skipper to skipper
 Innings Start
So a journey that started on June 3, ends three and a half weeks later. Hope you've enjoyed our ball-by-ball coverage. Plenty of cricket coming up in the Caribbean. The CPL kicks off on June 29. West Indies then host India for four Tests starting July 21. Until next time, it's goodbye from all of us here. Cheers!
8.40pm Justin Langer is a visibly delighted man. His first tournament as coach ends in victory. West Indies' dream run ends, but to be fair, they ran into a ruthless Australian bowling attack. Mitch Marsh did the damage upfront in an excellent opening burst full of variations, while Josh Hazlewood came into his own at the end. West Indies needed meaningful partnerships, but there was none. A case of stage fright perhaps? Marlon Samuels was the key, but once he fell early, the innings was on catch-up mode. Denesh Ramdin hung in there, but Kieron Pollard and Carlos Brathwaite's inability to kick on meant the chase fell flat despite spurts of aggression. That Australia got to where they did was courtesy Matthew Wade, who helped them recover from 173 for 6.
Steven Smith: Very satisfying, we scraped incredibly well. We were in trouble at one point, but Matthew Wade and the tail gave us 270, which allowed the bowlers to hit good areas and create chances. At 173 for 6, I thought we could pull off something like we did. I don't think we played our best cricket in this tournament, so we still have some work to do to get where we want to be. Justin has been outstanding on this trip, he has done a great job with Western Australia. It was nice to have a different voice around. Barbados is a great part of the world, it's been a great way to end the trip. I'm just delighted to get over the line.
Jason Holder: I felt we conceded 20-30 too many. We lost Shannon Gabriel as well, his overs at the end were crucial. With the bat, we fell away and didn't recover after a decent start. The wickets of Smith and Maxwell changed the game; credit to Shannon. lot of them didn't expect us to get this far, so credit to the group. Improvement is the name of the game. We need to keep building ahead and move ahead in the rankings. Among the positives, we got two hundreds from Samuels and Bravo, Pollard coming back in, not just with bat or ball but in the dressing room, was a huge influence. So yes, it's been good for us. We've got two-three weeks before the first Test against India, so there's time to recover.
Josh Hazlewood is the Player of the Series for his tally of 11 wickets. "We've all got our own role. The bowling group at the moment is working well together. The surface got slower, the way Zampa came in and got the wicket of Pollard, credit to him. I keep it simple, run in and keep it at length. I don't try and complicate it too much. It's as simple as that.
Mitchell Marsh is the Player of the Match for his allround performance. "Every series you play for your country is something you cherish. It's important to contribute, so yes, it's great to get a series win. I hadn't taken a wicket all series, so it was nice to knock over a few tonight. Also, I'm enjoying batting higher up in the order. Cross-seam deliveries were stopping on the batsmen a little, so that was the plan. West Indies had a great series, so wickets upfront was key for us. Happy to have got those."
CricSBS: "So indeed that Wade reprieve comes back to haunt WI. However, take nothing away from the WI for this series. They've been competitive from the first match to this point even though no one gave them a chance. Hopefully this transitions to their performance in Test cricket. "
Ananthasubraman: "This has been an extremely rewarding series for Australia. Each of Mitchell Marsh, Josh Hazlewood and Adam Zampa have grown in stature. This series will be remembered for the trio as much as it would for the progress West Indies have made. Who would have given them a chance to beat two top ODI teams consistently? "
45.4;W;Hazlewood to Benn, OUT has he made clean connection? For most parts, it was six, until Glenn Maxwell leapt high, kept his eyes on the ball and then pulled off a stunner while he was air borne. All along, he was mindful of the ropes behind him as he timed his jump to perfection. Five wickets for Hazlewood, Australia are winners of the tri-series;Sulieman Benn c Maxwell b Hazlewood 2 (11m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
45.3;1;Hazlewood to Gabriel, 1 run swings across the line, Gabriel gets an inside edge towards deep midwicket;
45.2;W;Hazlewood to Narine, OUT he's picked the bones out of that, but couldn't have picked out the man better. Steven Smith at the edge of the circle at cover had a thunderbolt coming his way, but he held on to it. Narine cleared his front leg to clatter that, but to no avail. Australia one wicket away from the cup!;Sunil Narine c Smith b Hazlewood 23 (19m 18b 4x4 0x6) SR: 127.77;
45.1;1;Hazlewood to Benn, 1 run gets a thick inside edge to mid-on, they scamper through for a single;
44.6;?;Starc to Narine, no run full and straight, Narine hangs back and flicks to midwicket;
44.5;4;Starc to Narine, FOUR runs Starc hunts for another yorker, this is hurled on the leg stump, tickled fine past the diving Wade for four;
44.4;?;Starc to Narine, no run back of a length and holds its line outside off, 146ks, left alone again;
44.3;?;Starc to Narine, no run Narine takes a trip outside leg, Starc fires it full and outside off. Narine can't reach out. Leaves it alone;
44.2;4;Starc to Narine, FOUR runs inswinging yorker on middle, Narine pushes and sends an inside edge to the long leg boundary;
44.1;2;Starc to Narine, 2 runs Narine stands tall to meet this short ball outside off, punched to deep cover;
43.6;1;Hazlewood to Narine, 1 run Hazlewood can't cling onto the return catch! Good length on middle, Narine, having stepped outside leg, drills it back to the bowler. Hazlewood stuck his right hand out, but could only tip it over to long-off;
43.5;4;Hazlewood to Narine, FOUR runs Narine connects with the leg-side slog. Full on middle, swiped over midwicket;
43.4;1;Hazlewood to Benn, 1 run full on middle, Hazlewood draws an outside edge, wanders away to third man;
43.3;W;Hazlewood to Ramdin, OUT The middle stump is tilted back. Hazlewood hastening WI's slide. Good length on middle, Ramdin backs away outside leg and does not touch it. Timbaaaah! He couldn't connect with a leg-side slog;Denesh Ramdin b Hazlewood 40 (115m 67b 2x4 1x6) SR: 59.7;
43.2;1;Hazlewood to Narine, 1 run back of a length on middle, Narine slogs and ekes out an inside edge, which ricochets off the pad to Wade;
43.1;?;Hazlewood to Narine, no run short and outside off, left alone;
42.6;?;Marsh to Ramdin, no run Marsh shortens his length as Ramdin dances out. Flat-batted back to the bowler;
42.5;1;Marsh to Narine, 1 run Narine leans back and slashes this short ball through the covers;
42.4;4;Marsh to Narine, FOUR runs offbreak from Marsh, Narine comes down the track and slices over extra cover, beats long-off running to his right. Narine has come out swinging;
42.3;?;Marsh to Narine, no run Narine opens the bat-face and steers it to point;
42.2;?;Marsh to Narine, no run back of a length and angled in from round the stumps, hit back to the bowler. Marsh got his hands to it, but the ball did not roll back onto the stumps. Ramdin had backed up a fair bit;
42.1;1;Marsh to Ramdin, 1 run short on off, Ramdin gets on top of the bounce and pulls to deep midwicket;
41.6;2;Hazlewood to Narine, 2 runs full toss on middle, whipped away, Finch tumbles to his right from wide long-on, great commitment. He saves a couple of runs for Australia;
41.5;?;Hazlewood to Narine, no run back of a length on off, swiped to mid-on;
41.4;?;Hazlewood to Narine, no run back of a length and outside off, beats the outside edge;
41.3;W;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, OUT cleaned em' up! Back of a length on middle, Carlos winds up and aims to slug it across the line. He misses it and Hazlewood nails the top of middle and roars. Carlos gone and with it WI's hopes?;Carlos Brathwaite b Hazlewood 14 (18m 11b 1x4 1x6) SR: 127.27;
41.2;1;Hazlewood to Ramdin, 1 run short on off, cramps Ramdin, chopped through point;
41.1;1;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, 1 run full and heading into the pads, flicked through backward square leg;
40.6;?;Marsh to Ramdin, no run dug in short and outside off, Ramdin has a slog and gets a bottom edge to the keeper;
40.6;1w;Marsh to Ramdin, 1 wide bouncer, sails over Ramdin, wide;
40.5;2;Marsh to Ramdin, 2 runs Ramdin loses his shape now as he whip-pulls this short ball to short midwicket. Bailey misses a direct hit, Carlos dives at the non-striker's end. The ball skips away for overthrows;
40.4;6;Marsh to Ramdin, SIX runs First boundary off Marsh's bowling Full and outside off, in the slot, Ramdin lofts it cleanly through the line over mid-off;
40.3;2;Marsh to Ramdin, 2 runs two is the call from Carlos as this is picked up and dispatched over midwicket;
40.2;1;Marsh to Brathwaite, 1 run short on middle, pulled away to deep midwicket;
40.1;1;Marsh to Ramdin, 1 run back of a length on off, guided to short extra cover;
39.6;6;Coulter-Nile to Brathwaite, SIX runs Carlossssss pings it over square leg for six! Back of a length and outside off, possibly a slower one, Carlos holds a stable base and baseball-swings it cleanly over the boundary. Sailed away!;
39.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Brathwaite, no run back of a length on off, blocked to short extra cover;
39.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Brathwaite, no run might have been a cutter outside off, yes it is. Carlos swings early and misses;
39.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Ramdin, 1 run short on top of off, tapped to the covers for one;
39.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Brathwaite, 1 run short and outside off, arches back and ramps to third man;
39.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Ramdin, 1 run guided to third man;
39.1;2w;Coulter-Nile to Brathwaite, 2 wide bouncer on the leg stump, Carlos hooks. Wade throws himself to his left and does not catch the ball. Was there a bit of glove, there?;
39.1;1w;Coulter-Nile to Brathwaite, 1 wide cutter drifts down leg, wide;
38.6;?;Hazlewood to Ramdin, no run short and outside off, chopped away, Maxi dives and stops the ball with one hand. Sprawling dive at backward point;
38.5;1;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, 1 run Starc attempts the catch now. He drops it at short fine leg. Fullish and just a shade outside off, Carlos lap-sweeps and scoops it in the air. Starc jumps and stretches his right hand. The ball grazes it and rolls over;
38.4;4;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, FOUR runs bang! Back of a length and outside off, Carlos backs away and smites it over mid-off;
38.3;1;Hazlewood to Ramdin, 1 run short and wide outside off, slashed to the off side;
38.2;?;Hazlewood to Ramdin, no run good length and outside off, waft and a miss;
38.1;4;Hazlewood to Ramdin, FOUR runs Starc has lost it in the lights! He tries to cover it with his hands and does not attempt the catch at fine leg. Leg-stump ball, picked up in the air. Starc stretched his right hand and ended up covering his face as the ball bounces to the boundary;
37.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Brathwaite, no run back of a length and bounces over the leg stump, Carlos has a massive wipe across the line and misses. His feet went nowhere;
37.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Brathwaite, no run lifter on the leg stump, the new man half-ducks out of the way;
37.4;W;Coulter-Nile to Holder, OUT Holder steps out again, the scoreboard pressure tells. He gives a catch to sweeper cover. Finch reverse-cups the ball over his head. Good length and outside off, Holder could only miscue the lofted hit;Jason Holder c Finch b Coulter-Nile 34 (43m 37b 3x4 1x6) SR: 91.89;
37.4;1w;Coulter-Nile to Holder, 1 wide bumper shading outside leg, whizzes over the left shoulder of Holder. This is wided;
37.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Holder, no run back of a length on off, steered to Maxi at backward point;
37.2;6;Coulter-Nile to Holder, SIX runs Holder shows some intent. He steps out and belts this length ball over mid-on for a flat six;
37.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Holder, no run short indipper, jabs and squirts an inside edge onto the pad;
36.6;?;Hazlewood to Ramdin, no run lifter outside off, the batsman ducks and lets it pass over to Wade. Ump Wilson does not call a wide;
36.5;?;Hazlewood to Ramdin, no run length on off, pushed to mid-off;
36.4;?;Hazlewood to Ramdin, no run full and wicket-to-wicket line, clipped to short midwicket;
36.3;1;Hazlewood to Holder, 1 run kicks up from a back of a length and outside off, Holder loosens his grip and runs it down to third man;
36.2;1;Hazlewood to Ramdin, 1 run straight in line, dab-and-run single to short midwicket. Risky single completed even as Bailey swooped down on the ball and nailed a direct hit. Holder did well to slide his bat in, despite a hamstring issue;
36.1;1;Hazlewood to Holder, 1 run length on off, helped to third man;
35.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Ramdin, no run good length on off, stops on Ramdin. He drives and stabs it back to the bowler, past the outstretched left hand of NCN. The bowler, actually, finger-tipped it away. Just did not stick into the hands;
35.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Ramdin, no run short and angled in at off, Ramdin nearly topples over as he plays to short midwicket;
35.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Ramdin, no run much fuller at off stump, wafty little drive to mid-on;
35.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Holder, 1 run keeps it short and outside off, Holder is pushed back, tapping towards backward point;
35.2;2;Coulter-Nile to Holder, 2 runs back of a length and outside off, Holder glides it past backward point. Some work for third man, running to his right;
35.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Holder, no run short and angled in, Holder hops, skips, and fends it back to the bowler;
34.6;?;Marsh to Ramdin, no run back of a length and angled in, poked out to short midwicket;
34.5;1;Marsh to Holder, 1 run full and straight, clipped to right of short midwicket;
34.4;2;Marsh to Holder, 2 runs short and outside off, slashed to sweeper cover;
34.3;?;Marsh to Holder, no run full on middle, defended to short extra cover;
34.2;1;Marsh to Ramdin, 1 run length on off, dabbed gently to backward point;
34.1;1;Marsh to Holder, 1 run banged in and attacking the body, Holder shuffles across and works to midwicket;
33.6;1;Zampa to Holder, 1 run Zampa drops this short on off, slapped away to long-on;
33.5;?;Zampa to Holder, no run slides on off, defended;
33.4;4;Zampa to Holder, FOUR runs Holder uses his feet, makes room, collapses his back leg and drives it inside out over extra cover. That hamstring seems to be fine;
33.3;?;Zampa to Holder, no run full on middle, blocked;
33.2;?;Zampa to Holder, no run tosses a legbreak outside off, slices a drive and sends an outside edge... does not carry to Maxi;
33.1;?;Zampa to Holder, no run flighted on middle, poked out to short extra cover;
32.6;?;Marsh to Ramdin, no run full on off, Ramdin plays back, again, instead of pressing forward. Marsh draws an outside edge, which rolls to Maxi at backward point;
32.5;?;Marsh to Ramdin, no run full on middle, Ramdin works it to the leg side;
32.4;?;Marsh to Ramdin, no run bouncer, sharp one on middle, ducked under;
32.3;?;Marsh to Ramdin, no run shortish on off, run to Maxi at backward point;
32.2;?;Marsh to Ramdin, no run back of a length on off, Ramdin shuffles across and turns the ball to short midwicket;
32.1;1;Marsh to Holder, 1 run length and outside off, guided to third man;
31.6;1;Zampa to Holder, 1 run tossed on middle, no turn, nudged to short extra cover. Holder scampers across for a quick single;
31.5;1;Zampa to Ramdin, 1 run chopped from the stumps to deep cover;
31.4;?;Zampa to Ramdin, no run slower through the air on middle, Ramdin presses forward in defence;
31.3;1;Zampa to Holder, 1 run shorter legbreak, Holder punches off the back foot to the fielder patrolling the cover fence;
31.2;?;Zampa to Holder, no run flighted on middle, blocked off the front foot;
31.1;1;Zampa to Ramdin, 1 run looped up and turns away outside off, Ramdin seeks to loft it. Instead, slices it in front of sweeper cover;
30.6;?;Starc to Holder, no run 147.3ks yorker outside off, the ball zips through even before Holder jammed his bat down;
30.5;4;Starc to Holder, FOUR runs angled in and (reverse)swings away again, Holder drives and carves it in the air over backward point;
30.4;?;Starc to Holder, no run angled in full and swings away outside off, Holder chases it with a drive away from the body and misses;
30.3;?;Starc to Holder, no run back of a length and angled in, Holder keeps back and defends to short extra cover;
30.2;1;Starc to Ramdin, 1 run yorker tails in on middle, jabbed out to midwicket;
30.1;?;Starc to Ramdin, no run length ball on off, tapped back to the left-armer;
29.6;?;Zampa to Holder, no run fired straight on middle, hit back to the bowler;
29.5;1;Zampa to Ramdin, 1 run nicely looped on off, driven past Zampa to long-off;
29.4;1;Zampa to Holder, 1 run pushed fuller on middle, driven down the ground to long-off;
29.3;?;Zampa to Holder, no run straighter one on off, Holder plays for the legbreak and sends an outside edge to short third man;
29.2;1;Zampa to Ramdin, 1 run pretty full on middle, pushed to long-off;
29.1;?;Zampa to Ramdin, no run tossed and dips on middle, Ramdin check-drives and it does not carry to a diving Smith at short extra cover;
28.6;1;Starc to Ramdin, 1 run veers in full on off, clipped in front of square on the leg side;
28.5;?;Starc to Ramdin, no run bouncer, angled in, 141ks, Starc has Ramdin ducking for cover;
28.4;?;Starc to Ramdin, no run back of a length and angled in, Ramdin camps back and blocks to the leg side;
28.3;1;Starc to Holder, 1 run low full toss outside off, carved to third man;
28.2;?;Starc to Holder, no run full and outside off from round the wicket, left alone;
28.1;?;Starc to Holder, no run inswinging yorker, 143ks, dug out;
27.6;?;Zampa to Ramdin, no run legbreak outside off, Ramdin watches it through to Wade;
27.5;1;Zampa to Holder, 1 run there comes a quicker one - a googly - stabbed through point for one;
27.4;?;Zampa to Holder, no run Zampa gives this plenty of air on middle, defended;
27.3;4;Zampa to Holder, FOUR runs Holder needs just two balls in match to get open his account. A touch overpitched and outside off, driven inside-out through the covers;
27.2;?;Zampa to Holder, no run tossed on middle, Holder presses forward and blocks;
27.1;W;Zampa to Pollard, OUT Pollard tries to clear long-off. Instead, he finds the fielder. Zamps loops this legbreak outside off, and draws the big hit from KP. He goes with the turn and slices a lofted hit to Hazlewood, tumbling to his left at the edge of the boundary. Smart, smart catch. Hazlewood hung on even as the ball bobbled out;Kieron Pollard c Hazlewood b Zampa 20 (33m 25b 1x4 1x6) SR: 80;
26.6;1lb;Starc to Pollard, 1 leg bye leg-stumpish ball, deflected behind square;
26.5;1;Starc to Ramdin, 1 run goes too full and outside off, Ramdin reaches out and is left searching for a drive. Slices it through point;
26.4;1;Starc to Pollard, 1 run strays on the hips, tucked uppishly to fine leg;
26.3;2;Starc to Pollard, 2 runs yorker on off, swerves in, Pollard whips and toe-ends to deep midwicket;
26.2;?;Starc to Pollard, no run speared in, cramps Pollard for room, kept out;
26.1;1lb;Starc to Ramdin, 1 leg bye Starc goes wide of the crease and angles it in, Ramdin gets his front leg across, his head falls over. Ungainly. Pinged on the pad;
25.6;?;Zampa to Pollard, no run slow turn away from off stump, eased to the off side;
25.5;6;Zampa to Pollard, SIX runs flat hit that would have taken the long-on fielder with it. Too short, Pollard rocks back and flat-bats the pull. Coulter-Nile threw himself in the air to take that one-handed but the ball kept travelling;
25.4;?;Zampa to Pollard, no run quicker one on middle and leg, defended to the leg side;
25.3;4;Zampa to Pollard, FOUR runs in the slot, and boom! Gets to the pitch of that in-drifter and lofts him over the bowler's head, bisects long-on and long-off;
25.2;1;Zampa to Ramdin, 1 run drills a low full toss to long-off;
25.1;?;Zampa to Ramdin, no run draws him forward with flight, Ramdin blocks with a dead bat;
24.6;?;Starc to Pollard, no run squeezed to backward point, Maxwell cuts that of;
24.5;?;Starc to Pollard, no run pushes outside the line of the ball, gets an inside edge onto the pad again;
24.4;?;Starc to Pollard, no run full toss tailing in, pushed to mid-off;
24.3;?;Starc to Pollard, no run appeal for lbw as Pollard stabs outside the line of the stumps, that's what the umpire is indicating as well. Smith was about to review that until he saw the umpire agree with his suggestion. There was an inside edge too, and a big one at that;
24.2;1;Starc to Ramdin, 1 run on the pads, worked towards deep square leg;
24.1;?;Starc to Ramdin, no run struck on the pad by an incoming delivery that keeps low. Starc appeals, but he knew Ramdin was saved by an inside edge there;
23.6;2;Zampa to Pollard, 2 runs muscles the pull over midwicket, Nathan Coulter-Nile does well to run around the ropes and stop that;
23.5;?;Zampa to Pollard, no run slow turn, there's plenty of grip and bounce as Pollard takes his bottom hand off the grip as he defends;
23.4;2;Zampa to Pollard, 2 runs keeps low as the ball spins away from middle, Pollard wrists it into the gap at deep square leg, good running;
23.3;1;Zampa to Ramdin, 1 run cuts, and cuts well. Deep point fielder in business;
23.2;?;Zampa to Ramdin, no run driven with the spin to the cover fielder;
23.1;4;Zampa to Ramdin, FOUR runs edged and the ball flies into the third man boundary. Too short, Ramdin shapes to cut and gets a thick edge. Really, that's the only way a boundary was coming at the moment;
22.6;?;Marsh to Pollard, no run slashes but is late on the stroke. Scoring opportunity missed again. There was enough width on offer, point was inside and it would have been four had he hit it over the infield;
22.5;?;Marsh to Pollard, no run gets on top of the bounce and bunts it back down the pitch;
22.4;?;Marsh to Pollard, no run gets a good stride forward and defends;
22.3;1;Marsh to Ramdin, 1 run stabs forward, gets it off the outer half of the bat, ball rolls to the left of cover as they sneak through for a run;
22.2;?;Marsh to Ramdin, no run back of length delivery outside off, watches it through to the keeper;
22.1;?;Marsh to Ramdin, no run another short ball, this is getting a little predictable now, Ramdin sways out of the way;
21.6;1;Zampa to Ramdin, 1 run driven inside-out to long-off as they amble through;
21.5;1;Zampa to Pollard, 1 run hammered that off the backfoot, but there's sweeper cover to cut that off. Singles won't really help, West Indies need a release. Wonder where that's going to come from;
21.4;1;Zampa to Ramdin, 1 run drifts this into middle from wide of the crease, this time Ramdin finally manages to punch that to the left of cover for a single;
21.3;?;Zampa to Ramdin, no run another backfoot punch, Bailey at cover is in business again;
21.2;?;Zampa to Ramdin, no run too short, he cuts, but finds cover again. Pressure building;
21.1;?;Zampa to Ramdin, no run crunches the drive, but straight to extra cover;
20.6;2;Marsh to Pollard, 2 runs neat roll of the wrists to flick that into the gap at deep midwicket;
20.5;?;Marsh to Pollard, no run shapes away off the seam from the length area on off stump, Pollard is squared up but defends that to the off side;
20.4;?;Marsh to Pollard, no run shapes back into middle, Pollard gets across and defends;
20.3;?;Marsh to Pollard, no run yorker-length delivery outside off, Pollard is late on the stroke as he looks to run it down to third man;
20.2;?;Marsh to Pollard, no run Pollard had decided even before the ball was delivered that he would leave, the lift off the deck means the ball thuds into the bottom of his blade as he lets it go;
20.1;W;Marsh to Charles, OUT third one for Mitch Marsh. Johnson Charles is plays all around a straight delivery angled in to middle and leg and is plumb in front. Errs in judgment and has to walk back. For a moment, Charles thought about the review, but it would have been a futile exercise. The wheels are coming off West Indies' chase here.;Johnson Charles lbw b Marsh 45 (88m 61b 4x4 1x6) SR: 73.77;
19.6;1;Zampa to Charles, 1 run the wrong' un this time, Charles shapes to cut but makes a quick adjustment and dabs it in the end to short third man;
19.5;1;Zampa to Ramdin, 1 run makes room and cuts it to deep point;
19.4;?;Zampa to Ramdin, no run too late to get down on that one which drifts back into middle and leg, hit on the pad;
19.3;?;Zampa to Ramdin, no run tossed up on middle, Ramdin gets under the flight and drives, but straight to cover;
19.2;1;Zampa to Charles, 1 run flatter one on off, driven with the spin to extra cover;
19.1;?;Zampa to Charles, no run driven back to the bowler, who moves swiftly to his right to stop that;
18.6;?;Marsh to Ramdin, no run waits inside the crease and bunts that to the off side;
18.5;?;Marsh to Ramdin, no run grip off the deck, a cross-seam delivery again on off stump, Ramdin checks his shot as he pushes a touch early;
18.4;?;Marsh to Ramdin, no run can't take toll of that. Banged in short at a healthy pace, Ramdin shapes to pull but is late on it, through to the keeper;
18.4;1nb;Marsh to Ramdin, (no ball) oversteps in his quest for extra pace, this one's another good bouncer otherwise. Ramdin drops his gloves as he sees that through to the keeper. Free hit coming up;
18.3;?;Marsh to Ramdin, no run this is full and tails back in from wide of the crease, Ramdin is late on a forward defensive stroke, but negotiates it in the end;
18.2;?;Marsh to Ramdin, no run cross-seam delivery at length outside off, left alone;
18.1;W;Marsh to Samuels, OUT soft dismissal, Mitch Marsh has another. Failure again for Samuels! This one's a slower delivery on the stumps, there's a hint of grip off the surface, it cuts away a touch as well, Samuels gets a leading edge to Bailey at short cover as he closes the bat face early. Real trouble now for the hosts;Marlon Samuels c Bailey b Marsh 6 (8m 7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 85.71;
17.6;?;Zampa to Charles, no run quicker delivery, there's some rip off the surface, punched to cover;
17.5;?;Zampa to Charles, no run driven with the spin to extra cover;
17.4;?;Zampa to Charles, no run good work to stop that off his own bowling by diving to his left;
17.3;1;Zampa to Samuels, 1 run drifting into middle and leg, tapped to the leg side for a quick single, Samuels had to hurry, which he did;
17.2;?;Zampa to Samuels, no run lunges forward to offer a dead bat;
17.1;4;Zampa to Samuels, FOUR runs beautiful shot! Played it literally off Wade's gloves. Rocks back, waits for the turn and plays it late to pick the gap behind point. Super stuff.;
16.6;?;Marsh to Charles, no run a slower one this time, Charles waits inside the crease and bunts it to the off side;
16.5;1;Marsh to Samuels, 1 run uses the pace to run it down to third man for an easy single;
16.4;?;Marsh to Samuels, no run another short ball on off stump, Samuels drops his wrists, arches back and lets that go;
16.3;?;Marsh to Samuels, no run woah! Rip roaring bouncer first up, Samuels sights that late, perhaps, as he ducks underneath that one. Somehow manages to avoid it;
16.2;W;Marsh to Bravo, OUT runs were coming in a trickle, and the pressure has got to Bravo. Marsh angles a short of length delivery back in from around the stumps, Bravo is cramped for room as he looks to run it down to third man, and can only manage a faint nick through to Matthew Wade. Straightforward decision for the umpire, but Bravo started to walk even before he raised the finger. Trouble for West Indies;Darren Bravo c ?Wade b Marsh 6 (24m 20b 1x4 0x6) SR: 30;
16.1;1;Marsh to Charles, 1 run drifting into the pads, worked to fine leg;
15.6;1;Zampa to Charles, 1 run dropped short on off, Charles sits back and forces a single to long-on;
15.5;?;Zampa to Charles, no run tossed on off, opens the bat-face and runs it to short third man;
15.4;?;Zampa to Charles, no run too full on middle and leg, whipped to short midwicket;
15.3;?;Zampa to Charles, no run floated on middle, Charles hangs back and drops it in front of his feet;
15.2;?;Zampa to Charles, no run shorter legbreak, sits back and punches to short extra cover;
15.1;?;Zampa to Charles, no run yorker, angled in, squeezed out;
15.1;1w;Zampa to Charles, 1 wide dipping full toss outside leg, wide;
14.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Bravo, no run too full and outside off, drives to mid-off;
14.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Bravo, no run back of a length and slants away outside off, passing the outside edge of the groping bat. Bravo was opened up a touch;
14.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Bravo, no run nice and full on middle, neatly pushed with a straight bat to mid-off;
14.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Charles, 1 run incoming ball, draws the inside edge as the batsman wafts. The ball rolls to square leg;
14.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Bravo, 1 run good length and outside off, slapped through the covers for one;
14.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Charles, 1 run short and angled in, raps the batsman high on the bat. Mis-timed pull flaps to midwicket;
13.6;?;Marsh to Bravo, no run full and angled in just a shade outside off, more leaving action from Bravo;
13.5;?;Marsh to Bravo, no run Marsh comes from round the stumps and pushes it full and outside off, left alone;
13.4;?;Marsh to Bravo, no run short on off, worked to square leg;
13.3;?;Marsh to Bravo, no run pitched up and angled away outside off, left alone;
13.2;1;Marsh to Charles, 1 run glanced to fine leg for one;
13.1;?;Marsh to Charles, no run short one on off, bursts off the surface en route to Wade as Charles hooks and misses. The ball whistles over the helmet. Not wided. Tight call. One bouncer for the over, says the square-leg umpire;
12.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Bravo, no run NCN retorts with a bouncer, angled across the left-hander, Bravo sways his upper body out of the way and lets it pass over to the keeper;
12.5;4;Coulter-Nile to Bravo, FOUR runs Back of a length and sits up outside off, Bravo stays back and executes a wristy pull to the left of mid-on, through midwicket for four. Stylishly done!;
12.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Charles, 1 run length ball on off, clipped to mid-on;
12.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Charles, no run short and wide outside off, lashes a cut and finds point;
12.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Charles, no run pitched up on off, pushed to mid-on;
12.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Charles, no run NCN hurls it short on off, Charles gets on top of the bounce and blocks;
11.6;?;Marsh to Bravo, no run pitched up and angled across, Marsh builds the pressure further with a maiden. Left alone;
11.5;?;Marsh to Bravo, no run similar ball, ignored outside off;
11.4;?;Marsh to Bravo, no run full on middle, a punchy drive to mid-off ensues;
11.3;?;Marsh to Bravo, no run full and angled across the left hander, left alone;
11.2;?;Marsh to Bravo, no run short and outside off, Bravo leaps, rises on top of the bounce and crisply punches to the covers;
11.1;?;Marsh to Bravo, no run dug in outside off from over the wicket, Bravo shapes to pull and miscues it to mid-on;
10.6;1;Hazlewood to Bravo, 1 run good length and angled across off, nudged to midwicket;
10.5;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run rising short ball on off, Bravo rides the bounce and plays towards the covers;
10.4;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run back of a length on off, defended to the covers;
10.3;W;Hazlewood to Fletcher, OUT Here comes Fletcher, down the track.... Here goes Fletcher. The opener's miserable stay ends. This is an easier chance for the Australian captain. Fletcher, perhaps, showed his ace early by galloping out. Hazlewood shortened his length on off and found some extra bounce. Takes the edge near the higher part of the bat and carries to slip. Overhead catch;Andre Fletcher c Smith b Hazlewood 9 (46m 25b 1x4 0x6) SR: 36;
10.2;1;Hazlewood to Charles, 1 run similar length but the line is wider outside off, helped down to third man;
10.1;?;Hazlewood to Charles, no run back of a length on off, presses forward and defends back to the bowler;
9.6;4;Coulter-Nile to Fletcher, FOUR runs Fletcher finds his release. Overpitched and outside off, Fletcher slots a drive through the covers. Drilled away with authority;
9.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Fletcher, no run short and just outside off, slapped out to point;
9.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Fletcher, no run short and veers in on off, cramped for space. The batsman fends to midwicket;
9.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Fletcher, no run short and hurled on off, punched back to the bowler;
9.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Charles, 1 run turned to deep square leg;
9.1;4;Coulter-Nile to Charles, FOUR runs Charles continues to prosper. He flies down the track, the bowler pulls his length back. Swiped to the midwicket fence;
8.6;?;Hazlewood to Fletcher, no run short and outside off, gets on top of the bounce, playing to point;
8.5;1;Hazlewood to Charles, 1 run short on off, sits back and whips through square leg;
8.4;?;Hazlewood to Charles, no run full on off, he looks to hit through the line again. Ends up miscuing a drive to mid-off;
8.3;?;Hazlewood to Charles, no run shorter on off, punchily blocked to short extra cover;
8.2;?;Hazlewood to Charles, no run lifting delivery outside off, Charles leaves it be;
8.1;4;Hazlewood to Charles, FOUR runs length and outside off, no movement, Charles just punches through the line as the ball purrs away to the cover boundary;
7.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Charles, 1 run short, cramps the batsman for room, on off, turned to mid-on for another urgent single;
7.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Charles, no run back of a length on off, dabbed away to point;
7.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Fletcher, 1 run back of a length on off, Fletcher sits back, drops it to short extra cover, and sets off;
7.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Fletcher, no run back of a length and bounces over the off stump, Fletcher loses his patience. He wants to bash it across the line over midwicket. Beaten!;
7.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Fletcher, no run full on off, tight stuff, clipped to mid-on;
7.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Fletcher, no run NCN hits the deck hard, short on off, fended into the pitch;
6.6;4;Hazlewood to Charles, FOUR runs short and width outside off, Charles latches onto it, unleashes a rasping cut to the point boundary;
6.5;?;Hazlewood to Charles, no run back of a length on off, another firm straight-bat punch to mid-off ensues;
6.4;?;Hazlewood to Charles, no run stands up tall to a back of a length ball on off. Punched to mid-off;
6.3;6;Hazlewood to Charles, SIX runs back of a length at the off stump, Charles lays into it, muscling a swipe over square leg for six;
6.2;?;Hazlewood to Charles, no run back of a length, veers in, beats the flick and pings the pad;
6.1;?;Hazlewood to Charles, no run very full and angled in, driven to mid-on;
5.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Charles, 1 run keeps it short, this is outside off, the batsman hangs back, running a single down to third man;
5.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Charles, no run banged in shorter on off, cramping Charles. Pushed back to NCN;
5.4;2;Coulter-Nile to Charles, 2 runs similar ball, the batsman swivels on the back foot and pulls it fairly wide of Zampa, Khawaja mops it up at deep backward square leg;
5.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Fletcher, 1 run back of a length and angled in, short-armed away to square leg, where Zampa makes a tumbling save to his right;
5.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Charles, 1 run fraction short on off again, short-arm pulled away to fine leg;
5.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Charles, no run skiddy short ball on the off stump, the batsman is late on the pull and is rapped on the flap of the pad;
4.6;1;Starc to Charles, 1 run squeezed behind point, third man is square so one it will be;
4.5;1;Starc to Fletcher, 1 run driven wide of cover for an easy single;
4.4;?;Starc to Fletcher, no run beaten on the drive again. This was too full, and he was late on the stroke;
4.3;?;Starc to Fletcher, no run appeal for lbw. This one bends back in a shade to hit Fletcher on the pad. Was there an inside edge? Yes, clearly. Steven Smith got that right too as he prevented Starc from going for a review;
4.2;?;Starc to Fletcher, no run hops back and bunts it gently to point;
4.2;1w;Starc to Fletcher, 1 wide full but well outside off, exercise for the umpire;
4.1;?;Starc to Fletcher, no run covers the line of that full ball as he defends to the man coming in from point;
3.6;?;Hazlewood to Charles, no run looks to work it across the line but the length ball nips back in to hit Charles on his back pad as it rolls to Wade;
3.5;?;Hazlewood to Charles, no run cut away off the frontfoot but straight to backward point;
3.4;?;Hazlewood to Charles, no run shapes to cut, bottom edges it to the off side;
3.3;?;Hazlewood to Charles, no run once again some lift off the deck from the length area, Charles hops back to tuck that away but is hit on the thigh pad;
3.2;?;Hazlewood to Charles, no run pushed back to the bowler off the backfoot;
3.1;?;Hazlewood to Charles, no run hit high on the thigh pad as he looks to whip it off his hip;
2.6;?;Starc to Fletcher, no run nips away off the seam as Starc angles it across Fletcher, left alone;
2.5;?;Starc to Fletcher, no run beaten on the drive. Minimal feet movement as he shapes to play the cover drive. Starc has a few words for Fletcher;
2.4;?;Starc to Fletcher, no run angled full and across the batsman, who watches it go;
2.3;1;Starc to Charles, 1 run just eludes the outstretched hands of Smith at second slip. Can't call it a chance really. This was full, Charles went after that one, but the ball kept going away from the skipper. Third man stops it. Can't call it a chance;
2.2;?;Starc to Charles, no run crisp drive, but Bailey dives to his right to stop that at cover point;
2.2;1w;Starc to Charles, 1 wide floats it full and well outside off, another wide. Starc is looking to cause confusion in the batsman's mind perhaps by floating one across after getting a couple of deliveries in;
2.1;2;Starc to Charles, 2 runs Zampa at square leg took the pace off that flick shot, Starc was too full and drifting into the pads, neat flick from Charles;
1.6;1;Hazlewood to Charles, 1 run again on the pads, eased to long leg, easily done;
1.5;?;Hazlewood to Charles, no run floats it full and around off stump, Charles is caught in two minds, lets it go in the end;
1.4;2;Hazlewood to Charles, 2 runs on middle and leg, he hops back and helps it down to fine leg, where Khawaja effects a tumbling stop;
1.3;4;Hazlewood to Charles, FOUR runs slashes, and gets the boundary. There was width, Charles ensured there were no half measures and sliced it over backward point. Third man had no chance;
1.2;?;Hazlewood to Charles, no run too straight, flicked to square leg;
1.1;?;Hazlewood to Charles, no run starts off accurately, with a back of length delivery outside off, bunted to the off side;
0.6;?;Starc to Fletcher, no run good carry from the length area outside off, left alone;
0.6;1w;Starc to Fletcher, 1 wide wrong line, on the seventh stump outside off, will have to re-bowl that;
0.5;?;Starc to Fletcher, no run floats it full and across Fletcher who pats it back down the pitch;
0.4;?;Starc to Fletcher, no run gets half-forward and eases that one to gully;
0.3;2;Starc to Fletcher, 2 runs loaded with risk, but he's off the mark. The ball swerves back in to take a thick inside edge that flies past square leg. Had he missed it, he would have been walking back to the dressing room;
0.2;?;Starc to Fletcher, no run invites the drive by bowling it full outside off, moves back in a touch, left alone;
0.1;?;Starc to Fletcher, no run full-blooded swing back in from outside off, beats Fletcher's drive as the ball nearly shaves the inside edge. Wow, what a start;

5.10pm Welcome back, folks. We aren't far away from a resumption. West Indies' top order has struggled. The last time these two sides played, it was Denesh Ramdin and Marlon Samuels who bailed them out. Can they get a better start from the openers tonight? They will have their task cut out against Mitchell Starc first up
 Innings Start
Australia
West Indies
Final (D/N), Bridgetown, Jun 26 2016, West Indies Tri-Nation Series
270/9
212
Player of the match is Mitchell Marsh, AUS
Australia won by 58 runs
