Data
4.30pm Slow, low conditions again. The ball shot low as well. This time, the seamers impressed. Hazlewood and NCN cut through the SA line-up before Behardien offered some fight with a half-century. He worked the ball into the gaps and farmed the strike with the tail. Eventually, SA finished with a respectable 189 for 9 from 112 for 6. Be back soon for the chase.
49.6;1;Maxwell to Rabada, 1 run short on the leg stump, hacked away to cow corner. Hat-trick averted;
49.5;W;Maxwell to Tahir, OUT Tahir out! He runs down the track right away and runs out to the change room. He swings and slices it down the throat of NCN at long-off;Imran Tahir c Coulter-Nile b Maxwell 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
49.4;W;Maxwell to Behardien, OUT bowled'em. End of a fighting innings from FB. Tossed full and straight, FB bends for a reverse paddle. He misses and is nutmegged. Timbaaaah!;Farhaan Behardien b Maxwell 62 (109m 82b 4x4 1x6) SR: 75.6;
49.3;2;Maxwell to Behardien, 2 runs dangled outside off, carved over extra cover;
49.2;2;Maxwell to Behardien, 2 runs too full on middle, belted to the left of long-on;
49.1;2;Maxwell to Behardien, 2 runs full and outside off from round the stumps, sliced to long-off for two;
48.6;1;Marsh to Behardien, 1 run cutter outside off, dabbed to the off side for one;
48.5;2;Marsh to Behardien, 2 runs full ball on off, slogged in the air to the left of a flying Smith at short midwicket, to long-on;
48.4;1;Marsh to Rabada, 1 run full and outside off, flat-batted to long-off;
48.3;1;Marsh to Behardien, 1 run slower short ball outside off, shovelled to long-on;
48.2;1;Marsh to Rabada, 1 run tucked off the hips through square leg;
48.1;2;Marsh to Rabada, 2 runs full and outside off, swung to long-off;
47.6;6;Zampa to Behardien, SIX runs half-tracker on off, FB winds up and pulls it with authority over midwicket for six. It kept low but FB found the sweet spot on the bat. That strike raises his half-century;
47.5;?;Zampa to Behardien, no run short on off, punched to short extra cover;
47.4;1;Zampa to Rabada, 1 run googly outside off, KG aims to bash it over the covers. He has to settle with a sliced outside edge to short third man;
47.3;1;Zampa to Behardien, 1 run loopy and full on middle, driven to long-on;
47.3;1w;Zampa to Behardien, 1 wide spinning down leg, wide;
47.2;1;Zampa to Rabada, 1 run another legbreak, KG keeps back and angles it to short third man;
47.1;?;Zampa to Rabada, no run legbreak rips outside off, past the outside edge;
46.6;1;Marsh to Rabada, 1 run back of a length and stops on off, pushed to long-off;
46.5;1;Marsh to Behardien, 1 run full on middle, eased to long-on;
46.4;?;Marsh to Behardien, no run short and wide outside off, FB misses out. Slashed only to short extra cover;
46.3;?;Marsh to Behardien, no run down the track, meets a full toss, and mis-times a drive to short extra cover;
46.2;1;Marsh to Rabada, 1 run Marsh goes wide of the crease and angles it in. Fuller length. KG stands tall and it sticks in the surface. Check-pushed to left of short extra cover;
46.1;?;Marsh to Rabada, no run full and shoots low outside off from round the wicket. KG cuts and misses;
31.6;1;Lyon to Phangiso, 1 run flatter on off, confidently punched to long-on. Well played;
31.5;?;Lyon to Phangiso, no run tossed up on off, defended;
31.4;1;Lyon to Behardien, 1 run whipped away to square leg;
31.3;?;Lyon to Behardien, no run flight on off, defended;
31.2;1;Lyon to Phangiso, 1 run outside off and shovelled to long-on. Well played;
31.1;1;Lyon to Behardien, 1 run tossed up outside off, pushed in front of point for a run;
30.6;?;Hazlewood to Phangiso, no run looking for the yorker but misses his length. A full toss is driven to mid-on;
30.5;?;Hazlewood to Phangiso, no run defended off the front foot again. No real intent to look for runs;
30.4;?;Hazlewood to Phangiso, no run full and straight, solidly and confidently blocked;
30.3;3;Hazlewood to Behardien, 3 runs nicely driven. Didn't look to overhit that, just timed a drive through extra cover for three.;
30.2;?;Hazlewood to Behardien, no run more inward movement. Not sharp but enough. On off and hit to cover from the front foot;
30.1;?;Hazlewood to Behardien, no run overpitched on off, driven to mid-on;
45.6;1;Zampa to Rabada, 1 run googly leaves Rabada outside off, he perhaps picked it off the pitch, dabbing towards short third man;
45.5;1;Zampa to Behardien, 1 run down the track and drills a drive to long-on;
45.4;1;Zampa to Rabada, 1 run slider on middle, knocked to leg;
45.3;?;Zampa to Rabada, no run tossed on middle, stabbed to cover;
45.2;1;Zampa to Behardien, 1 run full and outside off, driven to long-off;
45.1;?;Zampa to Behardien, no run slid through on off, poked to cover;
44.6;2;Hazlewood to Rabada, 2 runs length and outside off, Rabada swishes and toe-ends it over the covers. Hazlewood finishes with 2 for 20;
44.5;?;Hazlewood to Rabada, no run overpitched on off, driven to mid-off;
44.4;1;Hazlewood to Behardien, 1 run jabbed to sweeper cover from outside off;
44.3;?;Hazlewood to Behardien, no run short on off, hangs back and turns to midwicket;
44.2;?;Hazlewood to Behardien, no run full and angled into FB. He drills it back to the bowler. Hazlewood goes with both hands, but it slips out. Dropped;
44.1;?;Hazlewood to Behardien, no run length and angled in, chopped to the right of the keeper from the crease;
43.6;?;Zampa to Rabada, no run keeps low and turns away from the left-hander, he skips back, prods and misses;
43.5;?;Zampa to Rabada, no run quick and full on middle, defended back again;
43.4;?;Zampa to Rabada, no run blockhole ball, blocked back;
43.3;1;Zampa to Behardien, 1 run picked away to the leg-side sweeper;
43.2;1;Zampa to Rabada, 1 run shorter legbreak, slapped to sweeper cover on the back foot;
43.1;1;Zampa to Behardien, 1 run full legbreak outside off, driven to sweeper cover;
42.6;?;Hazlewood to Rabada, no run back of a length and angled in on middle, defended to mid-off. Another maiden for Hazlewood;
42.5;?;Hazlewood to Rabada, no run full and shoots low to ping the pad, but this was heading down leg;
42.4;?;Hazlewood to Rabada, no run full and angled in on middle, defended to short midwicket;
42.3;?;Hazlewood to Rabada, no run back of a length and angled in on middle, Rabada gets behind the line and covers it;
42.2;?;Hazlewood to Rabada, no run back of a length and angled on the leg stump, dabbed to mid-on again;
42.1;?;Hazlewood to Rabada, no run angled into the pads from around the wicket, nudged to mid-on;
41.6;1;Zampa to Rabada, 1 run short legbreak leaves the left-hander, chopped to the covers;
41.5;?;Zampa to Rabada, no run Zampa whirls down a quicker ball, kept out;
41.4;1;Zampa to Behardien, 1 run follows it with another loopy legbreak, dabbed to the covers;
41.3;W;Zampa to Phangiso, OUT Phangiso goes for another wild heave. He makes a mess of it and holes out to long-off. Tosses a legbreak. The batsman goes low for a slog-sweep. He skews it into the hands of Hazlewood. FB shakes his head at the non-striker's end;Aaron Phangiso c Hazlewood b Zampa 9 (50m 41b 0x4 0x6) SR: 21.95;
41.2;?;Zampa to Phangiso, no run lobs this full ball on middle, heaved to mid-on;
41.1;1;Zampa to Behardien, 1 run paddled behind square;
40.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Behardien, 1 run veering into the pads again, the batsman helps it to fine leg;
40.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Behardien, no run picked off the pads to short midwicket;
40.4;4;Coulter-Nile to Behardien, FOUR runs short and wide outside off, FB frees his arms and slashes a cut through point. There is nobody sweeping the off-side boundary;
40.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Behardien, no run offcutter on middle, this is bunted to the right of mid-off now;
40.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Behardien, no run full and angled in, pushed to mid-off again;
40.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Behardien, no run full and aimed at off, played to mid-of;
39.6;1;Lyon to Behardien, 1 run quicker full ball on the leg stump, glanced to fine leg;
39.5;?;Lyon to Behardien, no run FB steps outside leg, Lyon follows him with an offbreak, squirted onto the pad off an inside edge;
39.4;?;Lyon to Behardien, no run floater on off, forward and smothered onto the pitch;
39.3;?;Lyon to Behardien, no run down the track and flicked to Smith at short midwicket;
39.2;1;Lyon to Phangiso, 1 run breaks in to the pads on a shorter length, punched to long-on;
39.1;1;Lyon to Behardien, 1 run slides on off from round the stumps, FB moves around in the crease and chops to short third man. Sets off for a risky one;
38.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Behardien, 1 run rising short ball outside off, FB hops and rides it down to third man;
38.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Phangiso, 1 run whipped from off stump to the left of diving square leg;
38.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Phangiso, no run overpitched and outside off, stops on Phangiso. Check-driven in front of short extra cover;
38.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Phangiso, no run length ball on a fourth-stump line, patted back to the bowler on the front foot;
38.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Phangiso, no run back of a length and angled in, defended to short midwicket;
38.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Phangiso, no run fuller and outside off, runs it to point off the face;
37.6;1;Zampa to Phangiso, 1 run shorter legbreak outside off, cut to sweeper cover on the back foot;
37.5;?;Zampa to Phangiso, no run full and dips on middle, jammed back to Zampa;
37.4;?;Zampa to Phangiso, no run drifts full on to the leg stump, squeezed out to cover;
37.3;?;Zampa to Phangiso, no run legbreak, dabbed in front of point;
37.2;?;Zampa to Phangiso, no run shorter and outside off, rocks back and chops to Maxi at short extra cover;
37.1;?;Zampa to Phangiso, no run flighted on off, Phangiso gets forward and smothers it;
36.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Behardien, no run keeps alarmingly low on off, FB squirts it behind the wicket. He examines the toe end of the bat;
36.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Behardien, no run back of a length and angled in, FB slides back in the crease and defends it in front of his toes;
36.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Phangiso, 1 run too straight in line, picked away past square leg;
36.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Behardien, 1 run full and angled in on off, tapped in front of mid-off for an urgent single;
36.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Behardien, no run little offcutter on off, check-pushed back to the bowler;
36.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Behardien, no run NCN tests FB with a bouncer, he ducks and avoids it;
35.6;?;Zampa to Phangiso, no run slider, hits the pad, not given by ump Illingworth. Smith wants a review. It's a legal ball. Did it pitch in line? It pitched on leg but tracker shows that it was nipping down leg. Phangiso survives and sips some drinks;
35.5;1;Zampa to Behardien, 1 run down the track and driven to long-off for one;
35.4;?;Zampa to Behardien, no run legbreak, shoots low outside off, beats the batsman, dips and beats Wade as well;
35.3;?;Zampa to Behardien, no run fired full on middle, dug out to cover;
35.2;1;Zampa to Phangiso, 1 run tossed full on off and breaks away, induces an outside edge that rolls to short third man;
35.1;?;Zampa to Phangiso, no run backs away and pushes the short ball to the covers;
34.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Behardien, no run FB uses his feet, the bowler pulls his length back on off. Quietly played back to NCN;
34.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Behardien, no run wicket-to-wicket line, another one stays low, jabbed to short midwicket;
34.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Phangiso, 1 run digs a short ball outside off, but it does not rise much, Phangiso gets on top of the bounce and fends to short third man;
34.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Phangiso, no run NCN goes wide of the crease and angles it on the legs, clipped to square leg;
34.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Phangiso, no run this does not bounce at all! Full and shoots low on middle, the batsman goes low with it to jam it out;
34.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Phangiso, no run full and angled in on off from over the stumps, Phangiso tips forward and blocks it with a straight bat;
33.6;?;Zampa to Behardien, no run good end. Tossed up on off and defended;
33.5;2;Zampa to Behardien, 2 runs shortish and wide, chopped to point. By the time deep cover gets to the ball, the pair get two;
33.4;?;Zampa to Behardien, no run lots of flight down leg, worked to midwicket;
33.3;?;Zampa to Behardien, no run nice comeback. The flatter delivery on off, defended by FB;
33.2;?;Zampa to Behardien, no run flat on off, smother-pulled to midwicket;
33.1;4;Zampa to Behardien, FOUR runs a long-hop outside off, Behardien rocks back and swats over midwicket, on the bounce. Picked the length early and hit it over midwicket, didn't bother keeping it down;
32.6;?;Hazlewood to Phangiso, no run shortish and wide, chopped towards point for one;
32.5;?;Hazlewood to Phangiso, no run good length on middle, defended to midwicket;
32.4;?;Hazlewood to Phangiso, no run full and straight, defended;
32.3;1;Hazlewood to Behardien, 1 run lazy, sloppy. Unlike Aus. One extra. Full on middle, driven to mid-on. Zampa's throw bounces just in front of Wade who cannot collect;
32.2;1;Hazlewood to Phangiso, 1 run shortish on middle, Phangso fends off to fine leg;
32.1;?;Hazlewood to Phangiso, no run ooh, beaten. Full and wide, Phangiso plays a bit late and the fullish delivery goes past;
29.6;?;Lyon to Phangiso, no run and again. Phangiso finds fine leg;
29.5;?;Lyon to Phangiso, no run fullish and straight, nurdled to short fine leg again;
29.4;?;Lyon to Phangiso, no run nudged to short fine leg;
29.3;?;Lyon to Phangiso, no run tossed up on off, blocked with a straight bat, hit the toe-end;
29.2;1;Lyon to Behardien, 1 run flat on off, FB goes back to work to square leg. A good single;
29.1;4;Lyon to Behardien, FOUR runs shot! Too full from Lyon outside off, Behardien lays into the drive and finds the gap through cover. Played that against the turn;
28.6;?;Hazlewood to Phangiso, no run blocked out from the front foot;
28.5;?;Hazlewood to Phangiso, no run full and straight, honing in on that off stump. Defended;
28.4;?;Hazlewood to Phangiso, no run full and wide, left alone but some discernible inward movement after the ball left the bat;
28.3;?;Hazlewood to Phangiso, no run;
28.2;W;Hazlewood to Parnell, OUT got im. One more. Another batsman's off stump goes for a jolly walk. Kept very low. Full on off, Parnell presses forward to that and planted his bat down the line but the ball pitched and kept low enough to creep under the bat. Clattered into off stump. SA six down;Wayne Parnell b Hazlewood 2 (13m 9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 22.22;
28.1;?;Hazlewood to Parnell, no run full from around the wicket, and straight. Flicked to midwicket;
27.6;4;Lyon to Behardien, FOUR runs edged away. Short and wide from Lyon, Behardien goes back late and gets a thick outside edge which races away to the third man boundary;
27.5;?;Lyon to Behardien, no run flight on middle, Behardien rushes to the pitch and then drives back to the bowler;
27.4;1;Lyon to Parnell, 1 run driven with the turn to long-off;
27.3;?;Lyon to Parnell, no run slightly shorter outside off, Parnell rushes on the back foot to cut to point;
27.2;?;Lyon to Parnell, no run flight on middle, Parnell pushes to cover. A lull in play;
27.1;?;Lyon to Parnell, no run drift and flight on leg, Parnell digs this out;
26.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Behardien, no run yorker, well-executed but the line is well outside off. Behardien fails to get bat on this;
26.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Behardien, no run dabbed to point again;
26.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Behardien, no run full and straight, attacking the stumps but Behardien's defensive technique interferes;
26.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Behardien, no run the shot AB was trying to play. Fullish outside off, tapped to point;
26.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Behardien, no run almost got one under the bat. Overpitched on middle, Behardien jams it out;
26.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Behardien, no run good length on middle and leg, turned to midwicket;
25.6;?;Lyon to Parnell, no run flight on off, Parnell presses forward to defend;
25.5;?;Lyon to Parnell, no run ripping turn. Slower and wider outside off, the ball grips and beats the bat;
25.4;1;Lyon to Behardien, 1 run nice batting. Goes deep and then clips to square leg, intentionally in front of midwicket;
25.3;1;Lyon to Parnell, 1 run shorter and wide, a free delivery for Parnell to slap to deep cover.;
25.2;1;Lyon to Behardien, 1 run slightly shorter on middle, Behardien rocks back to clip to square leg;
25.1;?;Lyon to Behardien, no run flight outside off, pushed to cover;
24.6;W;Coulter-Nile to Duminy, OUT bowled im. SA in tatters. NCN again. An absolute beauty. Not much he could have done actually. A good length delivery on off, straightens just enough to beat Duminy's bat. Uproots off stump. NCN defeated AB with one that jagged back in, beats Duminy with the away going one. Splendid bowling;Jean-Paul Duminy b Coulter-Nile 13 (26m 22b 0x4 0x6) SR: 59.09;
24.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Duminy, no run inside-edged to the keeper. Full and wide, Duminy drives but doesn't quite connect. Good bowling;
24.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Duminy, no run a loose stroke. Fullish and wide, some away shape. Duminy wafts but is beaten;
24.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Behardien, 1 run clipped to square leg. Strays in line;
24.2;2;Coulter-Nile to Behardien, 2 runs shorter delivery on middle, Behardien nudges towards backward square leg for a couple. Placed that well;
24.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Behardien, no run full and straight, going wider of the crease. Pushed to short mid-on. Good lines, attacking those stumps;
23.6;?;Lyon to Duminy, no run nice bowling again, closer towards middle and leg but Duminy offers another dead bat to defend;
23.5;?;Lyon to Duminy, no run more flight on off, Duminy lunges forward to defend;
23.4;?;Lyon to Duminy, no run shorter and slower towards outside off, patted towards point;
23.3;1;Lyon to Behardien, 1 run nicely bowled. Flight outside off, squeezed to long-on;
23.2;?;Lyon to Behardien, no run some flight on off and Behardien lunges forward to defend;
23.1;3;Lyon to Duminy, 3 runs shortish outside off, shovelled towards midwicket for three. well played from Duminy. 100 up;
22.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Behardien, no run full again to finish. A maiden as Behardien pushes to mid-off;
22.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Behardien, no run quite full, looking to get one through again, Pushed to mid-on;
22.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Behardien, no run shortish delivery on middle, Behariden hurries on his toes to flick to square leg;
22.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Behardien, no run full again outside off, Behardien blocks;
22.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Behardien, no run fullish on middle, pushed to mid-on;
22.1;W;Coulter-Nile to de Villiers, OUT bowled im. Massive wicket. AB is gone. Full on off, tails back in just enough to beat AB's bat. He tried to open the face to guide to third man but the ball jagged back just enough to go through his defences. Huge wicket this.;AB de Villiers b Coulter-Nile 22 (48m 38b 0x4 0x6) SR: 57.89;
21.6;?;Maxwell to Duminy, no run blocked off the front foot;
21.5;?;Maxwell to Duminy, no run flat and full and blocked;
21.4;?;Maxwell to Duminy, no run steered to third man;
21.3;?;Maxwell to Duminy, no run nice stop. Hit towards ,mid-on but Maxwell scurries across to stop the ball from passing;
21.2;1;Maxwell to de Villiers, 1 run driven to long-on;
21.1;1;Maxwell to Duminy, 1 run nice batting. Opens the face, as late as possible, to guide to point;
20.6;1;Finch to Duminy, 1 run fired in on middle, bunted to long-on;
20.5;1;Finch to de Villiers, 1 run nicely driven to long-off, with the turn;
20.4;3;Finch to Duminy, 3 runs just over short third man. An iffy stroke but e gets away with it. Tossed up on middle, Jp top-edges his reverse sweep, just over third man. Three more;
20.3;?;Finch to Duminy, no run flighted on middle and flicked to square leg;
20.2;?;Finch to Duminy, no run shaped to sweep now but the length wasn't there so he improvised a block;
20.1;?;Finch to Duminy, no run more flight outside off, JP tries to open the face to find a gap at point but can't. Blocked;
19.6;3;Maxwell to Duminy, 3 runs excellent execution. Flat on middle, JP gets low and paddle reverse-sweeps past short third man. An easy three;
19.5;?;Maxwell to Duminy, no run nicely bowled, flight on middle and off. Blocked into the off side;
19.4;1;Maxwell to de Villiers, 1 run flat on middle, AB goes pack to punch to long-on;
19.3;1;Maxwell to Duminy, 1 run too much flight, too full. Drilled to long-off, with the spin, nicely played;
19.2;?;Maxwell to Duminy, no run flatter trajectory outside off, driven to cover;
19.1;1;Maxwell to de Villiers, 1 run a full toss on off, driven to long-on;
18.6;1;Finch to de Villiers, 1 run hardly any bounce. Flat outside off, slow, keeps slower of the pitch. AB pushes to long-off;
18.5;?;Finch to de Villiers, no run a bit leg side-ish, but AB is persistent on hitting with the spin so he steps outside leg to drive to cover;
18.4;?;Finch to de Villiers, no run floated up on off, driven to cover;
18.3;1;Finch to Duminy, 1 run more flight outside off, JP hustles to the pitch to whip to long-on. Good intent;
18.2;1;Finch to de Villiers, 1 run some flight on off, driven to long-off with the spin;
18.1;W;Finch to de Villiers, OUT gone! Fantastic fielding from Steven Smith. Manufactures a wicket, and a massive one too. Amla run-out again. A darter outside off is punched to the left of Smith, who runs around and stops it in one swift motion. He has the presence of mind to realise it is Amla who is halfway down and returns a good throw to Finch who takes off the bails. Big, big, big, big wicket;Hashim Amla run out (Smith/Finch) 35 (81m 46b 2x4 0x6) SR: 76.08;
17.6;1;Marsh to de Villiers, 1 run makes it up with an awesome single. Just a bunt to Maxwell at mid-on and AB called for one immediately. Made it with enviable ease;
17.5;?;Marsh to de Villiers, no run slightly too straight again, enabling an easy flick but AB finds midwicket. A run missed;
17.4;?;Marsh to de Villiers, no run fuller than a good length and straight, blocked;
17.3;1;Marsh to Amla, 1 run cross-seam fullish outside off, Amla dabs to third man with an angled bat. Really good;
17.2;1;Marsh to de Villiers, 1 run full, overly full, a bit of away shape and nicely driven to deep cover with a fluent drive;
17.1;1;Marsh to Amla, 1 run too straight to Amla who will flick away all day/night to square leg for one;
16.6;1;Finch to Amla, 1 run fired outside off, Amla sits back and clunks a cut to sweeper cover;
16.5;1;Finch to de Villiers, 1 run full on off, square-driven for one;
16.4;?;Finch to de Villiers, no run tapped to short extra cover;
16.3;?;Finch to de Villiers, no run slides on off, shovelled back to the bowler;
16.2;?;Finch to de Villiers, no run AB skips back and punches this one to point;
16.1;1;Finch to Amla, 1 run just skids on outside off, chopped on the back foot to sweeper cover;
15.6;?;Marsh to de Villiers, no run looks like an offcutter, AB pushes to mid-on;
15.5;1;Marsh to Amla, 1 run back of a length, keeps low on off again. No bounce at all. Perhaps there is more life in Mars. Run down to third man;
15.4;?;Marsh to Amla, no run full and attacking off, Amla shuffles across the stumps and nurdles it to square leg. Finch collects the ball quickly and does not effect a direct hit at the non-striker's end;
15.3;1;Marsh to de Villiers, 1 run attempted short ball, keeps low outside off... He reaches out and steers to third man;
15.2;?;Marsh to de Villiers, no run AB shows his ace early and dances out. Marsh pulls his length back and keeps the advancing batsman to a defence;
15.1;1;Marsh to Amla, 1 run too full and outside off, Amla carves it to sweeper cover;
14.6;1;Zampa to Amla, 1 run full on middle, knocked through mid-on;
14.5;2;Zampa to Amla, 2 runs turn and bounce! Legbreak nips away, Amla stays back gets on top of the bounce and guides it behind point;
14.4;1;Zampa to de Villiers, 1 run floated outside off, AB attempts a sweep and hits it in the air.... Bounces in front of deep midwicket;
14.3;?;Zampa to de Villiers, no run straighter one, blocked on the front foot to short extra cover;
14.2;?;Zampa to de Villiers, no run lovely legbreak, leaves AB and defeats him;
14.1;1;Zampa to Amla, 1 run lets rip a slider on off and middle, chopped through the covers. That kept alarmingly low;
13.6;?;Lyon to de Villiers, no run AB shuffles across and forward to smother this full ball;
13.5;1;Lyon to Amla, 1 run flat and pushed outside off, forced to sweeper cover on the back foot;
13.4;1;Lyon to de Villiers, 1 run flat and breaks in on the leg stump, flicked behind square leg;
13.3;1;Lyon to Amla, 1 run full and straight, turned to square leg for one;
13.2;4;Lyon to Amla, FOUR runs slides on outside off, Amla leans into the drive and drives it sweetly past diving short extra cover. Twirled his wrists to place it to the left of the man there;
13.1;1;Lyon to de Villiers, 1 run short and angled across, keeps low outside off. Swatted on the back foot to the midwicket region;
12.6;1;Zampa to de Villiers, 1 run fired down leg, shovelled to fine leg;
12.5;1;Zampa to Amla, 1 run dangled outside off, sliced square on the off side. This turned a bit and messed with Amla's drive;
12.5;1w;Zampa to Amla, 1 wide slipping down leg, errant ball, wide;
12.4;1;Zampa to de Villiers, 1 run no turn again, skiddy short ball on off. AB stands tall and punches it past the covers;
12.3;?;Zampa to de Villiers, no run full and straight, AB presses forward and bunts it to midwicket. No turn there;
12.2;2;Zampa to de Villiers, 2 runs tossed on off, AB drives it to the right of sweeper. AB wants two and gets it;
12.1;1;Zampa to Amla, 1 run flat legbreak, Amla steps back and whips past midwicket;
11.6;?;Lyon to de Villiers, no run full and breaks in a touch to catch the pad outside off;
11.5;?;Lyon to de Villiers, no run slides on off, AB presses forward and blocks it back to the bowler;
11.4;1;Lyon to Amla, 1 run shorter and angled across off, chopped to sweeper cover;
11.3;1;Lyon to de Villiers, 1 run flat dart outside off, bottom-handed shovel to long-on;
11.2;?;Lyon to de Villiers, no run AB skips out and is deceived in flight. He adjusts and squirts it to the leg side;
11.1;1;Lyon to Amla, 1 run slapped from outside off, to long-on on the back foot;
10.6;?;Zampa to de Villiers, no run skids on off, AB gets forward and taps it to short extra cover;
10.5;2;Zampa to de Villiers, 2 runs long hop outside off, AB skips back and cracks it to sweeper cover;
10.4;1;Zampa to Amla, 1 run fuller on off, Amla pre-meditated by going low for a paddle-scoop. Deflects it wide of the keeper, behind square;
10.3;2;Zampa to Amla, 2 runs Amla bends and meets a full toss, scooped down to long leg. Toe-ended it;
10.2;?;Zampa to Amla, no run slower through the air on middle, 76ks, dabbed back to Zampa;
10.1;?;Zampa to Amla, no run skids on middle, punched back, Zampa dives to his left and deflects to short extra cover;
9.6;2;Lyon to de Villiers, 2 runs offbreak, heads down leg, AB stays back and nudges it fine on the leg side;
9.5;W;Lyon to Rossouw, OUT Rossouw presses forward and has been given out lbw by ump Illingworth. Looks adjacent. No inside snick there. Rossouw reviews. Not a good one. South Africa have lost their review. Another one that straightens, fuller in length, hit in front of middle. He pushed forward and did not touch it. The on-field call is vindicated;Rilee Rossouw lbw b Lyon 7 (14m 11b 1x4 0x6) SR: 63.63;
9.4;?;Lyon to Rossouw, no run slides on middle, straight ball, nudged to leg;
9.3;1;Lyon to Amla, 1 run floated on off, driven firmly. Mitch Marsh throws himself to his right to stop the ball at mid-off;
9.2;1;Lyon to Rossouw, 1 run full and keeps low on off, dabs it to Maxi at second slip who lets it through him;
9.1;?;Lyon to Rossouw, no run turn! Pitches on off and breaks away, gingerly defended;
8.6;?;Hazlewood to Amla, no run back of a length on off, Amla bends and defends;
8.5;1;Hazlewood to Rossouw, 1 run back of a length on off, leans back and chops it down to third man;
8.4;?;Hazlewood to Rossouw, no run a touch overpitched on off, free-flowing drive to mid-off;
8.3;1;Hazlewood to Amla, 1 run straying into the hips, whipped past backward square leg;
8.3;1w;Hazlewood to Amla, 1 wide full and floated wide outside off, Amla slashes and does not touch it. Wide;
8.2;1;Hazlewood to Rossouw, 1 run chopped wide of point;
8.1;1;Hazlewood to Amla, 1 run back of a length and outside off, Amla has all the time in the world to help it down to third man;
7.6;?;Lyon to Rossouw, no run drifts on the off stump, dabbed wide of lone slip. Not much turn, but tight lines from Lyon;
7.5;1;Lyon to Amla, 1 run flicked off the off stump after shuffling across to short fine leg who fumbles;
7.4;?;Lyon to Amla, no run slides on off, driven to mid-off;
7.3;?;Lyon to Amla, no run whipped from outside off to short midwicket;
7.2;?;Lyon to Amla, no run shorter and outside off, chopped straight to point;
7.1;?;Lyon to Amla, no run dangled across off, Amla shuffles across off and nudges to short midwicket;
6.6;?;Hazlewood to Rossouw, no run back of a length and angled in, blocked to short midwicket;
6.5;4;Hazlewood to Rossouw, FOUR runs short and wide outside off, Rossouw frees his arms and cuts it firmly to the left of diving backward point. He gets off the mark with a crunched four;
6.4;?;Hazlewood to Rossouw, no run full and angled in from round the wicket, inside-edged to mid-on;
6.3;W;Hazlewood to de Kock, OUT full and angled in to catch the pad from round the stumps. Qdk flicks and misses/may have tickled it. The umpire - Wilson - gives it as runs. Smith has a chat with Wade and goes for a review. The on-field call is not out. I can't spot an inside snick. There isn't enough evidence actually. There was a noise, but it probably came from the ball hitting the front pad and then the back pad. Impact in line, the tracker shows that it would have hit the leg stump. Umpire Wilson's call is reversed. TV umpire Llong rules it out. Coach Domingo and debutant Shami look puzzled in the SA change room. Qdk has to go, though. Australia get the breakthrough!;Quinton de Kock lbw b Hazlewood 18 (32m 23b 2x4 1x6) SR: 78.26;
6.2;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run picked away off the pads... straight to short fine leg;
6.1;1;Hazlewood to Amla, 1 run full and angled in, Amla sits back and nurdles a single to square leg;
5.6;4;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, FOUR runs width outside off, Qdk slashes and gets an edge that would have lodged into the hands of first slip. He isn't there. Instead, rolls to third man for four;
5.5;?;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, no run NCN angles in a short ball and tucks the batsman up for room. Qdk stabs and chops it onto the ground off a thick inside edge that bounces over the stumps. Nearly dragged on;
5.4;6;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, SIX runs too full and straight, Qdk picks it up and dispatches it over midwicket. Puts the bad ball way. He sent his pick-up shots flying at the IPL for Daredevils;
5.3;?;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, no run full and outside off, pushed to the covers;
5.2;?;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, no run back of a length and on off, nudged straight to square leg;
5.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Amla, 1 run short and outside off, helped down to third man;
5.1;1w;Coulter-Nile to Amla, 1 wide full and angling down leg, wide;
4.6;1lb;Hazlewood to Amla, 1 leg bye raps the pad outside the line of off. Amla walks across off aiming for a whip over midwicket and misses;
4.5;?;Hazlewood to Amla, no run back of a length and around off, Amla plays it up to short extra cover;
4.4;1;Hazlewood to de Kock, 1 run full and outside off, Qdk leans back and chops a single down to third man;
4.3;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run back of a length and comes in on off, Qdk does not cover the movement, ends up poking it back to the bowler via an inside edge;
4.2;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run full and angled in on the off stump, Qdk inches forward and blocks it to short extra cover;
4.1;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run short and angled around off from round the stumps, open-faced glide to point;
3.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Amla, no run overpitched on middle, serene drive to mid-on;
3.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Amla, no run full and aimed at off, Amla looks to drive and toe-ends it to mid-off;
3.4;1;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, 1 run pitched up on the off stump, the left-hander shows the full face of the bat and push-drives it straight down the ground. Minimal followthrough;
3.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Amla, 1 run shorter and outside off, does not come onto the bat, Amla hangs back and rides it down to third man;
3.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Amla, no run back of a length and angled in on off, Amla stands tall and punchily defends to short extra cover;
3.1;4;Coulter-Nile to Amla, FOUR runs shot! Short and width outside off, Amla waits, gets on top of the bounce, slapping it with the wrists to the left of diving backward point;
3.1;1w;Coulter-Nile to Amla, 1 wide half-volley slipping down leg, Amla can't glance it away. Beaten;
2.6;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run dug in outside off, shovelled to the man at mid-on;
2.5;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run full and angled in on off and middle, the left-hander covers up in defence;
2.4;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run pitched up and outside off, driven straight to mid-off;
2.3;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run fuller and outside off, clipped out to midwicket. Shuffles across and nurdles it;
2.2;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run fullish and angling away from Qdk, he shuffles across and works it defensively to the leg side;
2.1;1;Hazlewood to Amla, 1 run fuller and outside off, run down to third man;
1.6;2;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, 2 runs back of a length and around off, tapped through midwicket;
1.5;?;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, no run back of a length on off, dropped defensively to the right of short cover;
1.4;?;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, no run back of a length, NCN drags his length back and gets it to slant away past the outside edge of the groping bat;
1.3;4;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, FOUR runs a tad overpitched and outside off, Qdk steps forward and smoothly drives it past the bowler, beats mid-off to his left. Nice and crisp....;
1.2;?;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, no run full and angling outside off, Qdk pokes and manages an inside edge onto the pad;
1.1;?;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, no run length and outside off, pushed to mid-off;
0.6;?;Hazlewood to Amla, no run full and around off, does not come on to Amla. Wafty drive to mid-off. Hazlewood opens with a maiden;
0.5;?;Hazlewood to Amla, no run fuller and outside off, neatly pushed to mid-off;
0.4;?;Hazlewood to Amla, no run shoots low, big appeal for lbw, umpire Wilson does not budge. Smith does not opt for a review. Full and moves in to catch the pad in front of the leg stump. It was probably grazing leg or going down with the angle. Umpire's call would have prevailed, I suppose;
0.3;?;Hazlewood to Amla, no run full and outside off, left alone. The carry is far from encouraging;
0.2;?;Hazlewood to Amla, no run pitched further up and angled in, Amla blocks it to short extra cover. Solid;
0.1;?;Hazlewood to Amla, no run full and nibbling away a touch outside off, Amla watches it through to Wade;

1pm Australia get into a huddle. Amla and Qdk stride out. They opened in ODIs for the 50th time last game and celebrated it with a half-century stand. We have seven spin options today. The openers' first challenge is Hazlewood. Over the wicket
Swaroop Bachall: "Waiting for Shamsi vs Zampa contest. There were few tweets exchanged during IPL which make things spicy now..."
Afsar: "@Srinivasan: When it comes to #AUS vs #SA we don't want low scoring game, after 434-438.. Indeed I am big fan of low scoring game but not today!!! Sorry mate!!"
12.55pm Tahir: It is a big challenge against Australia. We need to play good cricket, now is the time to deliver. The pitch suits spinners and Phangiso bowled well the other day. As a spinner, you want to play well and enjoy here.
Vinod Mhase: "Shamsi vs Warner - This is gonna be an interesting contest! Last time they met in the IPL game and Warner got better off Shamsi at that flat turf in Hyderabad! Now, on this turning surface, Shamsi can pay it off in style! Lovely pitch to make a debut if you are spinner! " --- I think Shamsi had the last laugh in that IPL game
Akiva Kahn: "Srinivasan, Captains clearly see that spin is going to be needed! On this pitch, that presents a great bowling opportunity."
Naman: "What?? At first I thought Rabada wasn't playing, but its Morris!! How can you not play him with the form he's in?"
12.50pm Rookie South Africa chinaman bowler Shamsi talks about his variations, his "bus driver" celebration, and debut IPL season.
Srinivasan: "Looking at the comments, it seems no one wants to see a low scoring thriller. Its not just the high scores which will give you the satisfaction but the you need to play in all conditions. Please give something for the bowlers to cheer. " -- Yes there is plenty of assistance for the spinners. The ball has gripped, turned, and kicked at the batsmen. The spinners have taken 22 of 30 wickets to have fallen this season. A few of them went to cutters and rollers from the seamers as well.
12.45pm David Warner: It has been ingrained in us as a youngster in Australian cricket. Michael Beven, Mike Hussey; we have been taught to go hard on the first run. It also comes to adapting to whatever thrown at you. White ball, pink ball or even the pink ball.
Talking about pink ball, Decision on Adelaide day-night Test to be made on June 8
India's attempts to host a day-night Test has gained further ground with Eden Gardens set to host the country's first pink-ball multi-day cricket match.
Afsar: "Ohhhh nooooo Starc is not playing today??? No yorkers and 150kmphs!!!!! "
Hamzah: "I'm expecting to have a re-game like 434-438" --- Ah, but this pitch is expected to be another sluggish one.
Vinod Mhase: "Who would have thought that SA will play 3 spinners and that is too in West Indies! This world is surely approaching an end! " --Why? They are just aiming to exploit the conditions. Smith himself built the contest up as a "battle of spinners"
NaaIstam: "Rabada and Starc out?? I'm also out!" --- According to Steven Smith, Starc has been rested. And looks like Faf du Plessis has not recovered from the finger injury he sustained during the IPL
12.35pm Cheers, KK. Chris Morris misses out. South Africa are playing with three specialist spinners - Tahir, Shamsi, and Phangiso. They also have the option of JP Duminy.
Naman: "That's 4 spinners including Duminy!! If they were bringinf in Parnell and Shamsi then they should have replaced Behardien with Morkel."
12.30pm Toss time! Steven Smith tosses, AB de Villiers calls heads, and it's heads. South Africa will bat first. AB expects a "similar kind of wicket" to the first couple of games, and hopes his side can bat better than they did against West Indies. Wayne Parnell and Tabraiz Shamsi come into the side. Kyle Abbott and Kagiso Rabada Morris miss out.
Smith says he would have batted too. Australia have rested Mitchell Starc and brought in Nathan Coulter-Nile.
That's all from me today. I'll hand over to the man you've all come to read: WG Grace Deivarayan Muthu! Ta ta!
Heinrich: "I would love to see Parnell come in for Abbott. He offers something to think about as a batsman and brings nice variety into the attack as a left-hander. SA have to play two spinners, and possibly let JP turn his arm over as well. I believe SA has stronger spin attack."
Davo: "Scores of around 200 are valued around 300 here at Providence...so the approach of whichever team batting 1st should be consolidation with limited risks... Amla or Khawaja would be perfect candidates to bat through until the 40th over... Atleast we know its gonna be a fighting match...rather than 400-5 against 191 all out in 26.3 overs!"
Diaz: "The last series South Africa played Australia during the 14/15 tour saw them bowl out Australia for 154 in the second ODI and chase it in 27 overs. Reckon they can do it again?"
Sumit: "I was surprised to see Zampa being under-used by Smith in the last game. I would put both Lyon and Zampa in tandem as soon as Starc gets his 4 wickets, and get the innings done in 20 overs!"
12.20pm What do South Africa need to do to get to grips with the slowness of the pitches in Providence? Neil McKenzie, their batting consultant, wants their batsmen to "develop thick skins". Justin Langer, meanwhile, is all praise for David Warner, and the discipline that has taken him from "hard to manage" to "elite athlete" over the last couple of years.
Lecs: "This series already started with some surprises. Match 1: WI beat stronger SA, Match 2: WI was expected to give good fight to Aussies on slow turning wicket but were outplayed. Match 3: Australia clear favorite so we should expect surprise win by SA."
Geoff Edwards: "SA are struggling with balance in their XI. Everyone after AB seems to be batting at least one place too high. Some of the middle order seem like they are playing a few teams too high..."
Jalebi: "I would say a surprise would be Lyon opening and carrying his bat through the innings whilst De Villiers gets a five-for, Tahir staying on the spot after taking a wicket and Amla scoring a duck."
Davo: "From Georgetown, the weather is bright and sunny...fantastic weather for cricket but it IS Guyana...so be mindful of rain later...its just too sunny for the Land of Many Waters!"
Paul Gerber: "Like I predicted in the SA/Windies game, always be ready for surprises." -- What would you say defines a surprise in today's game?
12.00pm Australia versus South Africa. They have contested some of the greatest ODIs of all time. If you're a batting person, your favourite ODI might be the 438 game. If you like the ebb and flow of a low-scoring game, you'll probably go with that World Cup semi-final in Edgbaston. Will these two sides create that sort of tension and drama today, in slow, low Providence? We will see, very soon.
Afternoon, all, and welcome to our live, ball-by-ball coverage of the third match of this tri-series. Both teams have played against West Indies - South Africa lost, and Australia won. Our preview will tell you how the teams match up, and about everything else you can look forward to.
 Innings Start
8.10pm South Africa, playing with three specialist spinners for the first time since 2011 in ODIs, secured their first points in the tri-series with a resounding win. After slumping to 112 for 6, Behardien stroked a mature half-century to boost his side to 189. Parnell then set up the defence by pinning Warner lbw in his first over. Rabada got the ball to swing before the spin trio - Tahir, Phangiso and debutant Shamsi - twisted Australia into knots. Finch played a lone hand, sweeping his way to 72. Barring Finch, Lyon and No.11 Hazlewood were the only Australian batsman to reach double-figures. The umpiring blunders will perhaps be a talking point from this match. The umpires had set a high bar for lbw decisions off deliveries straightening down the line of the stumps from around the wicket in the previous game. Nonetheless, SA get the result they would have been desperate for.
Farhaan Behardien is the Man of the Match: "A dogged performance was needed today, we trained quite nicely yesterday. So tough out there, took a lot of mental energy. Mentally, you got to have thick skin. Very tough in the beginning, lucky enough to bat till the end. The message from the dressing room was to bat till the 47-48th over no matter what the situation, the run-rate was."
Steven Smith: "We didn't adapt well enough with the bat today. Behardien played a good innings, got them to 180 which was par. We got to be better, we have to play better on wickets like these. We got to keep improving throughout the tournament, a couple of tough games ahead of us.
AB de Villiers: "Very satisfying. We love winning games, I thought we had a fantastic game. 100 overs is a long time, a lot of ups and downs. We used the momentum to our advantage. We started well with the two seamers, not the kind of wicket where the seamers were having the time of their lives. I don't see a lot of batters picking Shamsi. The ball got a little wet, and I thought they are only 40 runs out. Happy to finish things off fantastically."
34.2;W;Phangiso to Lyon, OUT straight and given! South Africa secure a bonus-point win. Flat on middle and leg, Lyon misses his sweep this time and ump Illingworth signals the end of this game;Nathan Lyon lbw b Phangiso 30 (51m 31b 4x4 0x6) SR: 96.77;
34.1;4;Phangiso to Lyon, FOUR runs slogged away for four. Tossed up outside off, Lyon gets low and swats it into the gap at midwicket. Found a gap nicely;
33.6;?;Rabada to Hazlewood, no run full on off, Hazlewood backs out of the line, like a tail-ender, but defends comfortably;
33.5;1;Rabada to Lyon, 1 run back of a length delivery on leg, turned to square leg;
33.4;2;Rabada to Lyon, 2 runs punched behind point for a couple. Easily played.;
33.3;?;Rabada to Lyon, no run fullish on off, mis-timed to midwicket;
33.2;?;Rabada to Lyon, no run back of a length outside off, pushed to point from the crease;
33.1;4lb;Rabada to Lyon, 4 leg byes four more. Albeit of the legs. Strays down leg and it clips the pad on the way to the fine leg boundary;
32.6;4;Tahir to Hazlewood, FOUR runs the googly outside off, pushed into the gap at cover for a boundary. Nicely played by Hazlewood, looking as good as any batsman today;
32.5;2;Tahir to Hazlewood, 2 runs superb shot again. Tossed up on off, Hazlewood drills a lofted drive to wide long-off where JP saves the boundary with a dive;
32.4;?;Tahir to Hazlewood, no run a darter on off, Hazlewood goes back to defend into the off side;
32.3;?;Tahir to Hazlewood, no run googly on off, squirted to point;
32.2;1;Tahir to Lyon, 1 run shovelled to long-on;
32.1;4;Tahir to Lyon, FOUR runs nicely played. A flat delivery outside off, Lyon dabs it late to the third man boundary. Pulled back just inside, Parnell has a bit of hand while making contact with the rope says the third umpire;
31.6;4;Shamsi to Hazlewood, FOUR runs Shami floats it up outside off, Hazlewood flashes a drive over extra cover;
31.5;?;Shamsi to Hazlewood, no run drifts in and turns away past the prodding bat;
31.4;?;Shamsi to Hazlewood, no run legbreak, dragged down, shovelled to short midwicket;
31.3;?;Shamsi to Hazlewood, no run googly, keeps low, kept out;
31.2;?;Shamsi to Hazlewood, no run full and breaks in, defended;
31.1;1;Shamsi to Lyon, 1 run flat and turns into Lyon, punched down to long-on;
30.6;1;Phangiso to Lyon, 1 run Lyon swigs his hands through a sweep and sends the ball square on the leg side;
30.5;?;Phangiso to Lyon, no run tossed and drifts in, Lyon misses the sweep;
30.4;1;Phangiso to Hazlewood, 1 run tucked off the pads through square leg;
30.3;W;Phangiso to Finch, OUT Finch clears his front leg and holes out! AB pumps his fist and is mobbed by his team-mates. Finch stepped away outside leg in a bid to open up the off side. He is cramped for room by another quicker ball. 90.3ks. He ends up slicing a drive. AB dives full-stretch to his right at extra cover and pouches it;Aaron Finch c de Villiers b Phangiso 72 (134m 103b 6x4 3x6) SR: 69.9;
30.2;?;Phangiso to Finch, no run another quick fizzer, blocked on the back foot;
30.1;?;Phangiso to Finch, no run slider outside off, punched back to the bowler;
29.6;1;Shamsi to Finch, 1 run full and turns across Finch who dabs a single to short third man;
29.5;1;Shamsi to Lyon, 1 run Lyon and Finch keep sweeping. This is played over square leg;
29.4;?;Shamsi to Lyon, no run length and outside off, swept to square leg;
29.3;4;Shamsi to Lyon, FOUR runs Lyon connects with the sweep now and sends it past short fine leg for four;
29.2;?;Shamsi to Lyon, no run that looked close! Plumb, in fact. Shami has a wry smile. Dangled up, straightens on middle, beats Lyon on the sweep and hits the pad in front of middle. Why was it not out? Replays: all reds!;
29.1;2;Shamsi to Lyon, 2 runs Shamsi held this back outside off, got turn away as well. Dabbed wide of short third man. Lyon was struggling on the second run. The full-length dive saved him. And Lyon becomes the second Australian batsman after Finch to reach double figures;
28.6;?;Phangiso to Finch, no run overpitched and outside off, forward and driven to short extra cover;
28.5;?;Phangiso to Finch, no run spins away from Lyon, dabbed to point;
28.4;?;Phangiso to Finch, no run flat on off, chopped towards the covers;
28.3;?;Phangiso to Finch, no run 94ks quicker ball, kept out;
28.2;?;Phangiso to Finch, no run Finch makes room outside leg, the bowler follows him with a turning ball, poked to point off an outside edge;
28.1;1;Phangiso to Lyon, 1 run loud appeal for lbw, looks close. Arm-ball, snakes in with the arm, Lyon sweeps and looks like he has gloved it;
27.6;?;Shamsi to Finch, no run and again, turns in, swept to the same fielder;
27.5;?;Shamsi to Finch, no run swept straight to short fine leg;
27.4;?;Shamsi to Finch, no run spins across the right hander and beats the sweep;
27.3;?;Shamsi to Finch, no run shorter and quicker, googly outside off, punched to mid-off;
27.2;?;Shamsi to Finch, no run turns away, full around off, sweeps and misses;
27.1;?;Shamsi to Finch, no run the batsman bends low to manufacture a full toss, swept to short fine leg;
26.6;?;Parnell to Lyon, no run back of a length and angled in on off, cramps Lyon for room. Chopped in front of point;
26.5;1;Parnell to Finch, 1 run angled in, Finch camps back and gets an inside edge past the leg stump;
26.4;1;Parnell to Lyon, 1 run short and angled into the leg stump, glanced to fine leg;
26.3;?;Parnell to Lyon, no run incutter, slices the batsman into half and beats the inside edge, Kept low as well;
26.2;?;Parnell to Lyon, no run short on off again, this is blocked past the bowler;
26.1;?;Parnell to Lyon, no run short and angled in, fended to short midwicket;
25.6;?;Shamsi to Finch, no run deflected off the pad to short fine leg;
25.5;1;Shamsi to Lyon, 1 run puts bat on the sweep and sends it behind square for one;
25.4;?;Shamsi to Lyon, no run misses the sweep now, hits the front pad outside off;
25.3;1;Shamsi to Finch, 1 run low full toss on off, swept to fine leg;
25.2;1;Shamsi to Lyon, 1 run turns away outside off, swept to deep backward square leg;
25.1;4;Shamsi to Lyon, FOUR runs floated on middle and leg, swept in the air... wide of short fine leg;
24.6;?;Tahir to Finch, no run ripping legbreak outside off, beats the outside edge;
24.5;?;Tahir to Finch, no run shorter and turns outside off, reaches out and chops to the covers;
24.4;?;Tahir to Finch, no run breaks into the leg stump, inside-edged sweep onto the pad;
24.3;1;Tahir to Lyon, 1 run swept away to square leg;
24.2;3;Tahir to Finch, 3 runs slider on off, short in length, Finch steps back and away as he chops it in the gap at backward point. Rossouw chases the ball from backward point, dives and lands shoulder first onto the ground near the edge of the boundary. The top of the shoulder rammed into the ground. He is down in pain. Amla runs across from short third man. The physio is out to tend to Rossouw. He is helped off the field by the physio. Has the right shoulder popped out? Rossouw clutches it and grimaces. It does not look good at all. Good commitment, he saved a run for his side, swatting the ball in before the ropes;
24.1;?;Tahir to Finch, no run legbreak outside off, sweeps across the line and misses;
23.6;?;Rabada to Lyon, no run full and keeps low on off, played to backward point with an open face;
23.5;?;Rabada to Lyon, no run overpitched and outside off, pushed to the covers;
23.4;1;Rabada to Finch, 1 run too straight in line, nurdled to square leg;
23.3;?;Rabada to Finch, no run back of a length and angled in on off, Finch hops and blocks;
23.2;?;Rabada to Finch, no run full and outside off, eased to short extra cover;
23.1;?;Rabada to Finch, no run short and down leg, Finch shapes to pull. There was a noise there. Qdk can't catch the ball;
22.6;?;Tahir to Lyon, no run sweeps and misses, strikes the pad outside off;
22.5;W;Tahir to Zampa, OUT ump Illingworth gives it. Googly, rips in from outside off, hits the front pad in front of off. Was that doing too much? Replays showed that the ball pinged the pad first before Zampa got an inside snick;Adam Zampa lbw b Imran Tahir 0 (4m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
22.4;1;Tahir to Finch, 1 run dragged from outside off to deep midwicket;
22.3;4;Tahir to Finch, FOUR runs floated on middle, another impressive sweep from Finch. Placed fine of short fine leg;
22.2;?;Tahir to Finch, no run quick fizzer outside off, jabbed through point;
22.1;?;Tahir to Finch, no run googly, drifts off the pad to short fine leg;
21.6;W;Rabada to Coulter-Nile, OUT 141ks, inswinging yorker, too hot for NCN. It would have been too hot for any batsman. The leg bail is tipped off. Blockhole ball, NCN is beaten for pace. He can't bring his bat down in time;Nathan Coulter-Nile b Rabada 0 (11m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
21.5;?;Rabada to Coulter-Nile, no run back of a length outside off, punched straight to short extra cover;
21.4;?;Rabada to Coulter-Nile, no run inswinging yorker on middle, squeezed out;
21.3;?;Rabada to Coulter-Nile, no run short ball on off, NCN presses forward in defence;
21.2;1;Rabada to Finch, 1 run back of a length and outside off, helped down to third man;
21.1;?;Rabada to Finch, no run shortish on off, chopped to backward point;
20.6;?;Tahir to Coulter-Nile, no run wrong'un, curls in and hits the front pad. Not given. It was doing too much to hit the stumps. Snaking down leg;
20.5;1;Tahir to Finch, 1 run straighter one, punched down to long-on;
20.4;?;Tahir to Finch, no run googly, sweeps and does not connect. Tahir hits the pad outside off;
20.3;?;Tahir to Finch, no run legbreak outside off, beaten again. Strike three!;
20.2;?;Tahir to Finch, no run flipper outside off, rushing ball. Flashes and is beaten again;
20.1;?;Tahir to Finch, no run zips through outside off, nudges 100ks, hits the pad outside off as Finch bends, sweeps, and does not touch it;
19.6;?;Rabada to Coulter-Nile, no run full and curves in, kept out. Top over from Rabada;
19.5;?;Rabada to Coulter-Nile, no run incutter from outside off, slices NCN into half. Zips past the inside edge;
19.4;W;Rabada to Wade, OUT Umpire Wilson's finger goes up. Rabada has Wade nicking behind! Australia six down and sinking. Angled in on a good length and leaves the left-hander outside off. 144.7ks, that Wade pushes with firm hands and edges it behind to de Kock;Matthew Wade c ?de Kock b Rabada 2 (14m 11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 18.18;
19.3;?;Rabada to Wade, no run full and angled outside off, guided to point;
19.2;1;Rabada to Finch, 1 run back of a length and swerved in, nudged to short midwicket;
19.1;?;Rabada to Finch, no run back of a length and angled in on off, Finch covers up in defence;
18.6;1;Tahir to Finch, 1 run skiddy full ball on middle, 98ks, turned to the midwicket region;
18.5;1;Tahir to Wade, 1 run pushed through on middle, Wade rolls his wrists on the sweep and sends it to long leg;
18.4;?;Tahir to Wade, no run ripping googly, leaves the left-hander, beats the outside edge. Good bounce as well;
18.3;1;Tahir to Finch, 1 run fetches another one from outside off and sweeps to deep square leg;
18.2;?;Tahir to Finch, no run tossed on off, dabbed to point;
18.1;4;Tahir to Finch, FOUR runs played, Finch. Goes low, takes this googly from outside off, and sweeps nicely behind square;
17.6;?;Shamsi to Wade, no run fullish and sticks in the surface. Wade check-drives and it does not carry to the diving short extra cover fielder;
17.5;?;Shamsi to Wade, no run tossed and turns away past the outside edge. Sharp turn;
17.4;?;Shamsi to Wade, no run massive appeal for lbw, umpire Wilson is unmoved. wrong'un from Shamsi, raps the pad. The tracker shows that it would have hit middle, Impact marginally on off. Umpire's call;
17.3;?;Shamsi to Wade, no run spins in full, Wade takes it on the pad;
17.2;?;Shamsi to Wade, no run full and slower on middle, Wade aims to sweep... Scooped it. Nifty footwork from Qdk. He pre-meditated, pushed his right leg out, not in a right angle like Dhoni's karate kick. He ends up deflecting it to slip;
17.1;1;Shamsi to Finch, 1 run lobs it full on middle and finds turn, Finch bends and top-edges a sweep wide of short fine leg;
16.6;?;Tahir to Wade, no run legbreak, Wade prods forward and defends it;
16.5;1;Tahir to Finch, 1 run pushed through outside off, Finch had pre-meditated. He went low and swept behind square. Finch reaches fifty Australia 74 for 5;
16.4;1;Tahir to Wade, 1 run tosses it full and outside off, Wade bends and sweeps it behind square;
16.3;W;Tahir to Marsh, OUT outside edge and gone. Marsh is gone. A thick outside edge is gratefully accepted by de Kock. A flat legbreak outside off, Marsh tries to cut but gets a nick through. Big wicket. Aus five down now;Mitchell Marsh c ?de Kock b Imran Tahir 8 (17m 13b 1x4 0x6) SR: 61.53;
16.2;?;Tahir to Marsh, no run another Tahir full toss is driven to the bowler;
16.1;?;Tahir to Marsh, no run flight on off, pushed to point;
15.6;4;Shamsi to Finch, FOUR runs another sweep. Nails it this time, right outta the middle. Swept behind square and Finch picks up four;
15.5;?;Shamsi to Finch, no run another big appeal. Finch gets low to sweep again, a bit of glove on that;
15.4;1;Shamsi to Marsh, 1 run overpitched on off, driven to mid-off;
15.3;1;Shamsi to Finch, 1 run Finch persistent on the sweep, gloves to fine leg;
15.2;2;Shamsi to Finch, 2 runs ooh, should have been out. Amla misjudges the catch. Flat on middle, extra bounce takes Finch's top edge, lobs just over Amla who backtracked uncertainly. Did not pick it up at all;
15.1;?;Shamsi to Finch, no run Finch gets down to sweep but misses, struck outside the line of off;
14.6;?;Phangiso to Marsh, no run flat on off, pushed to point;
14.5;1;Phangiso to Finch, 1 run punched to long-on;
14.4;6;Phangiso to Finch, SIX runs shot. Vital runs these. Tossed up on off, Finch chooses to loft the ball and brings out exemplary timing and his power to lift over long-off;
14.3;?;Phangiso to Finch, no run ooh, rips past the outside edge after Finch's half-willed prod;
14.2;1;Phangiso to Marsh, 1 run short and wide, scythed to deep point;
14.1;1;Phangiso to Finch, 1 run slow and straight, pushed to long-off;
13.6;?;Shamsi to Marsh, no run phew, this one slides past the outside edge. Marsh has no clue. Australia have no clue.;
13.5;?;Shamsi to Marsh, no run much fuller outside off, squirted back;
13.4;?;Shamsi to Marsh, no run the googly down leg, strikes Marsh on the back pad but pitched outside leg/. Another big appeal;
13.3;1;Shamsi to Finch, 1 run low full toss, swept powerfully to deep square leg;
13.2;?;Shamsi to Finch, no run another massive appeal, not out this time. Much flatter, the legbreak rips back in again but it looked like Finch got outside the line on that. Shamsi causing plenty of troubles;
13.1;1;Shamsi to Marsh, 1 run flat on middle, comes back in and pushed to cover;
12.6;1;Phangiso to Marsh, 1 run slowish and wide, pushed towards deep cover for one;
12.5;?;Phangiso to Marsh, no run flight on off, blocked off the front foot;
12.4;1;Phangiso to Finch, 1 run short and wide, slapped to deep cover;
12.3;?;Phangiso to Finch, no run slider on off, almost goes through, Finch gets his bat down in time;
12.2;?;Phangiso to Finch, no run another flat delivery on middle, Finch goes back to defend;
12.1;?;Phangiso to Finch, no run flat on off, defended;
11.6;4;Shamsi to Marsh, FOUR runs poor delivery. Looking for too much, starts it too straight and Marsh flicks to the fine leg boundary;
11.5;W;Shamsi to Maxwell, OUT given this time. This one did not look out. But Umpire Joel Wilson gives him. Flat legbreak is sliding down leg, but Shamsi and co. don't care. He has a wicket in his first over on his debut. Maxwell's struggles continue;Glenn Maxwell lbw b Shamsi 3 (20m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 42.85;
11.4;?;Shamsi to Maxwell, no run tossed up on off, driven to mid-off.;
11.3;1;Shamsi to Finch, 1 run too full and driven to long-on;
11.2;?;Shamsi to Finch, no run huge appeal, not given. AB reviews. Flat delivery outside off, Finch strides forward and is beaten on the inside edge by a ripping legbreak. Struck him in front of middle, may be too much turn. No bat. Likelihood of this sliding down leg. Umpire's call on wickets. That was close. Finch gets away with it. SA lose their review, their best review of the day.;
11.1;?;Shamsi to Finch, no run yorker first up, too much flight. Blocked;
10.6;1;Phangiso to Finch, 1 run nurdled to square leg. Too straight there. Good batting from Finch;
10.5;?;Phangiso to Finch, no run flat on leg, a leading edge bounces back to the bowler;
10.4;6;Phangiso to Finch, SIX runs wow, what timing. flight on off, Finch opens up the bat face and lifts it with the spin over cover. Fantastic shot;
10.3;?;Phangiso to Finch, no run tossed up outside off, skews off the outside edge to short third man;
10.2;1;Phangiso to Maxwell, 1 run short and slow outside off, extracts a bit of turn. Hit to deep point;
10.1;?;Phangiso to Maxwell, no run tossed up on off, Maxwell clears his pad and defends;
9.6;?;Parnell to Finch, no run a high full toss outside off, Finch times it to Rossouw at short cover who stops it with a dive;
9.5;?;Parnell to Finch, no run overpitched outside off, the ball sneaks past the outside edge;
9.4;?;Parnell to Finch, no run adjusts the length. Shortens it on off, blocked;
9.3;4;Parnell to Finch, FOUR runs just past cover. Very streaky. Not a great shot. Full again, Finch opens the face and drives uppishly. Just wide of cover. May have got there too early;
9.2;6;Parnell to Finch, SIX runs what do I know? Slightly too full on off, Finch sees the opportunity and lays into it with a powerful lofted drive over mid-on. Screams over the boundary;
9.1;1;Parnell to Maxwell, 1 run fullish on off, a thick outside edge to third man for a run;
8.6;?;Tahir to Finch, no run shortish and wide, chopped to point;
8.5;?;Tahir to Finch, no run the googly. Not picked. Finch went bat to cut but the variation came in and almost got through. Just about got bat down on it;
8.4;1;Tahir to Maxwell, 1 run shortish legbreak outside off, pummeled to long-off;
8.3;1;Tahir to Finch, 1 run good fielding from AB. Another full toss is smashed towards mid-on, AB scampers across to field;
8.2;?;Tahir to Finch, no run a full toss on middle, drilled to mid-on and a cry of anguish from Finch;
8.1;4;Tahir to Finch, FOUR runs shot! Overpitched googly outside off and Finch muscles the drive past cover. Once he found the gap, twas always going to be four;
7.6;?;Parnell to Maxwell, no run good length outside off, defended by Maxi;
7.5;W;Parnell to Smith, OUT another wicket. Huge one again. But Smith reviews. Fullish on off, Smith shuffled across and missed a flick. The ball strikes him right in front of middle and leg. Looks out. No bat either. Australia in big trouble now. All reds and Smith is gone.;Steven Smith lbw b Parnell 8 (16m 10b 0x4 0x6) SR: 80;
7.4;1lb;Parnell to Finch, 1 leg bye drifts down leg, pings off the pad to fine leg for a single;
7.3;?;Parnell to Finch, no run not short enough to pull on this surface. Keeps low and the ball beats Finch's pull. Kept ominously low, just over off stump;
7.2;?;Parnell to Finch, no run cramps Finch for room with a good length delivery on off, blocked;
7.1;1;Parnell to Smith, 1 run shot. Flicks the ball to fine leg from off stump. Wow, what power in those wrists;
6.6;1;Tahir to Smith, 1 run a googly on off, a thick inside edge to square leg for a single;
6.5;1;Tahir to Finch, 1 run slower, shorter and wider. Slapped to long-off;
6.4;?;Tahir to Finch, no run flat on middle, Finch was shaping to sweep but bailed out, block to midwicket;
6.3;?;Tahir to Finch, no run swept from an off-stump line to short fine leg;
6.2;?;Tahir to Finch, no run another full toss, was the googly. Drilled to the bowler;
6.1;1;Tahir to Smith, 1 run a naughty full toss on middle, punched to mid-off where AB picks up and fires the stumps down at the bowler's end. Smith is easily in;
5.6;1;Parnell to Smith, 1 run dabbed to backward point for one. Well played again. Really good;
5.5;1;Parnell to Finch, 1 run punched into the short cover region and sets off for a run. Rilee fields well, turns around and badly misses a throw to the bowler's end. Turned blindly did Rossouw, had more time than he thought he had;
5.4;?;Parnell to Finch, no run overly full outside off, blocked;
5.3;1;Parnell to Smith, 1 run nice shot. Manufactures a run by walking towards the ball and flicks to mid-on;
5.2;?;Parnell to Smith, no run good adjustment. Shortish on off, chopped towards gully;
5.1;2;Parnell to Smith, 2 runs oh yes. Awesome timing. Fullish outside off, Smith transfers his weight forward as he drives and times the pants off it. Whistles past cover for a couple. Just a block;
4.6;?;Rabada to Finch, no run a bit of width and scythed away but JP stops the boundary with a good dive. Nice stuff from SA so far;
4.5;1;Rabada to Smith, 1 run guided down to third man. Opened the face;
4.4;?;Rabada to Smith, no run nice and full first up, Smith shuffles across and nudges to square leg;
4.3;W;Rabada to Khawaja, OUT bowled im. Another big wicket. Khawaja is beaten and SA have struck. Overpitched on off and middle, hustles Khawaja for pace who gets his angled bat down too late. The ball clips the pads and then clatters into the stumps;Usman Khawaja b Rabada 2 (12m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 28.57;
4.2;1;Rabada to Finch, 1 run opens the face to guide to third man;
4.1;4;Rabada to Finch, FOUR runs short and smashed. Back of a length outside off, Finch stands tall and swats it over midwicket. Disdain;
3.6;?;Parnell to Khawaja, no run another good over. Quite full on off and driven back to the bowler;
3.5;1;Parnell to Finch, 1 run Finch opens the face to guide to third man. That was nicely played;
3.4;1;Parnell to Khawaja, 1 run Khawaja shuffles across dangerously to off, gets some bat on his nudge otherwise that could have been lbw;
3.3;1;Parnell to Finch, 1 run poor run. Misjudged. Fullish outside off, driven to mid-off where AB is lurking. So quick on the ball and releases, misses the stumps at the bowler's end. Out with a direct hit;
3.2;1;Parnell to Khawaja, 1 run too straight and tucked towards midwicket for a run;
3.1;?;Parnell to Khawaja, no run make it 18. Back of a length outside off, blocked towards mid-on;
2.6;?;Rabada to Finch, no run a low full toss outside off, squirted to mid-on. Another maiden;
2.5;?;Rabada to Finch, no run a bit leg side-ish. Missed a routine flick, an optimistic appeal is struck down. Finch has to try to get runs of these;
2.4;?;Rabada to Finch, no run driven into the off side;
2.3;?;Rabada to Finch, no run overpitched outside off, toe-ended to mid-off;
2.2;?;Rabada to Finch, no run keeps a bit low. 139 kph, fullish on off, whipped confidently to midwicket;
2.1;?;Rabada to Finch, no run a good length on off, Finch blocks from the front foot;
1.6;?;Parnell to Khawaja, no run shortish outside off, not the pitch to be pulling emphatically but Khawaja tries to no success;
1.5;?;Parnell to Khawaja, no run full on off, flicked to mid-on;
1.4;W;Parnell to Warner, OUT got im. Big wicket. Parnell gets the big fish. He isn't bothering with the review. Huge breakthrough. Fullish on middle and leg, the ball jags back and hits Warner flush in front of leg. Umpire's call was the likely outcome, if Warner reviewed.;David Warner lbw b Parnell 1 (7m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 20;
1.3;?;Parnell to Warner, no run fullish outside off, Warner shovels a flick to mid-on;
1.2;?;Parnell to Warner, no run some swing, not a lot but enough. Fullish and wide outside off, tapped to point;
1.1;?;Parnell to Warner, no run a sixth-stump line outside off, Warner backs away ever so slightly to make room and cut to point. Exceptional feet movement;
0.6;?;Rabada to Finch, no run good end. Back of a length on off and solidly defended by Finch;
0.5;?;Rabada to Finch, no run overpitched outside off, easily driven but straight to short cover;
0.4;?;Rabada to Finch, no run full length again outside off, a half-prod to point. Good start for Rabada;
0.3;?;Rabada to Finch, no run nice bowling. Full and wide outside off, some away shape. Finch strides forward to defend;
0.2;?;Rabada to Finch, no run good length on off, jags back in and Finch defends from the crease;
0.1;1;Rabada to Warner, 1 run starts with a leg side-ish delivery and Warner happily tucks behind square for one;

5.10pm Welcome back to the chase. SA are going to need early wickets or they could be the team without points in round 1 of the tri-series. Australia may look at this early period is an opportunity to accrue as many runs as they can. Could be interesting. Finch and Warner again, Australia's best opening combo I feel. K Rabada with the ball.
 Innings Start
South Africa
Australia
3rd Match (D/N), Providence, Jun 7 2016, West Indies Tri-Nation Series
189/9
142
Player of the match is Farhaan Behardien, SA
South Africa won by 47 runs
