Data
KK: "An undergraduate degree in computer engineering, scrapped through complex AI algorithms, signal processing theories and maths.. yet, Duckworth-Lewis method still manages to blow (a hole in) my mind after all these years.."
4.50pm Play to restart at 5.15pm if we don't have more rain. Awaiting the revised target and overs. Australia will have to get 235 in 33 overs. Three bowlers to bowl seven overs, two to bowl six. For what it's worth, the cut-off time for this game's 7.34pm
Rishav: "Target seems quite fair. Cant be asked to chase 250 with 13 overs reduced. Only thing I want is to have the best bowler bowl nine overs like Australia got." Ah, well.
Nisal tries to decode the DL phenomenon: "I guess the reduction in target in certain situations under D/L is because when there is a reduction in number of overs for the side batting first, suddenly you have lesser chance of getting bowled out so you can take more risks. So more the wickets lost before the interval, the lesser the revised target will be."
Irfan: "The fact that Aus is happy with additional lost overs, means that D/L does not fairly revise targets. The way it is supposed to work is that the revised target should be equivalent and neither team should feel happy about overs being lost. These days, rain forecast almost certainly means batting second after winning the toss. The co-efficients in the D/L equations need to be revised for sure."
For those shocked by what's unfolding within the Indian camp - Kumble-Kohli and all that - here's an opportunity to have your say.
4.40pm Grey. Still spitting. A while away from a restart, I suppose. We're losing an over for every four minutes lost. Australians won't mind the rain for now. Shorter the game, better their prospects.
Our stats editor S Rajesh explains the DLS situation we've been faced with today:
If the interruption had happened after 25 overs, with NZ two down, Australia's target would have gone up by two runs. If it had happened after 35 overs, with NZ two down, it would have gone up by eight runs. The later the interruption happens, the greater is the opportunity lost to score, for the batting team (if they have wickets in hand)
Wickets lost in the end doesn't matter. If they were four down after 9.3 overs, lets assume, and yet finished on 320 after 46, the target for Australia would've come down to 310. Bizarre?
4.15pm Bad news, folks. The rain is back. Covers on. So we could be in for a delay again. We lost 109 minutes in the first innings, remember. Fingers crossed for this one. The good thing, though, is this seems to be a passing shower.
"It will be a (typically) beautiful evening. And bluebirds will do my washing up," says George Dobell from Edgbaston
This is New Zealand's highest score against Australia at a global event, beating the 286 they made in Chennai, all those years ago, in 1996. Australia have won 17 out of the 18 games both sides have played at neutral venues since 1999. Will take an inspired bowling performance for New Zealand to buck the trend despite doing most things right in the first innings.
3.50pm A lightning start from Luke Ronchi, a mature 99-run stand between Ross Taylor and Kane Williamson, who made a brilliant 100. But it was all Australia at the death... claiming 7 for 37 in the closing overs to keep their target below 300. No adjustment from Duckworth-Lewis, apparently. Shashank will be back with the chase in 20 minutes.
44.6;W;Hazlewood to Boult, OUT edged and gone! Hazlewood wraps up the innings with 6 for 52, a perfect Test-match line and length, kissing the edge of the No.11. What a regrouping from Australia. They'll be firm favourites when the chase gets underway shortly;Trent Boult c ?Wade b Hazlewood 0 (2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
44.5;?;Hazlewood to Boult, no run good nut for a hat-trick ball! Ghosting past the edge from a very full length;
44.4;W;Hazlewood to Santner, OUT drilled into the covers, Smith reaches high, and Hazlewood has a five-for with his second in a row!;Mitchell Santner c Smith b Hazlewood 8 (11m 7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 114.28;
44.3;W;Hazlewood to Milne, OUT another supreme connection, but straight to Maxwell on the rope! He utterly smoked that pull, but some you win, some you lose;Adam Milne c Maxwell b Hazlewood 11 (3m 7b 2x4 0x6) SR: 157.14;
44.2;4;Hazlewood to Milne, FOUR runs short, and slapped heartily over the leg side. Picked it well, stepped right back on his stumps, threw his weight behind the shot, and beat the sweeper;
44.1;1;Hazlewood to Santner, 1 run steps across the crease to waft a drive to mid-off.;
43.6;1;Starc to Santner, 1 run full length, in the blockhole, drilled to cover;
43.6;1w;Starc to Santner, 1 wide misdirected. A good take down the leg side from Wade;
43.5;1;Starc to Milne, 1 run outside off stump, floated into the covers with a loose-limbed drive;
43.4;1;Starc to Santner, 1 run another full toss, well, it's a tactic ...;
43.3;1;Starc to Milne, 1 run fenced into the gap;
43.2;1;Starc to Santner, 1 run another full toss, but zeroing in on the top of off stump. Flogged into the covers, off the back foot;
43.1;4;Starc to Santner, FOUR runs that's a loose delivery, and excellently put away. Flipped off the hip, very fine through fine leg. No cutting that off;
42.6;1lb;Hazlewood to Santner, 1 leg bye on the pads, deflected to the leg side. Three to go;
42.5;1;Hazlewood to Milne, 1 run on the pads, whittled to backward square;
42.4;?;Hazlewood to Milne, no run good riposte, outside off stump and can't lay a bat on it;
42.3;4;Hazlewood to Milne, FOUR runs that's more like it! A bit of a loose half-volley, but put away with aplomb, inches to the right of short cover, inches to the left of mid-off;
42.2;W;Hazlewood to Neesham, OUT stand and deliver... deliver it straight to mid-on. Not the shot the circumstances required. New Zealand are sinking badly in the slog overs. They might struggle to use their full allocation at this rate;James Neesham c Warner b Hazlewood 6 (17m 10b 0x4 0x6) SR: 60;
42.1;2;Hazlewood to Neesham, 2 runs wide of off stump, sliced to third man, where Starc slips as he jogs in to gather;
5.6;1;Hazlewood to Williamson, 1 run tucked into the leg side;
5.5;?;Hazlewood to Williamson, no run pushed onto the back foot, defended in front of the stumps;
5.4;W;Hazlewood to Guptill, OUT there's the breakthrough! A bit of seam movement and extra bounce. Chose the wrong ball to flick through leg, and took a leading edge straight to point. A fine innings cut short by the wrong shot at the wrong time;Martin Guptill c Maxwell b Hazlewood 26 (27m 22b 5x4 0x6) SR: 118.18;
5.3;1;Hazlewood to Ronchi, 1 run opens the face to steer a back-cut through third man;
5.2;?;Hazlewood to Ronchi, no run down the track, Hazlewood sees him coming and drops it short. Tries to deflect over the cordon but can't connect;
5.1;1;Hazlewood to Guptill, 1 run angled defence into the leg side;
4.6;1;Starc to Guptill, 1 run a fraction shorter, patted into the covers;
4.5;4;Starc to Guptill, FOUR runs too full again from Starc, you can see what he's trying but the ball just isn't swinging, and Guptill is loving this length. Smacks it right under the eyeline, clean down the ground;
4.4;?;Starc to Guptill, no run;
4.3;?;Starc to Guptill, no run speared into the toes, defended up the pitch;
4.2;4;Starc to Guptill, FOUR runs brilliant strike. Front foot planted, bat belting through the line. Cover had no chance. Still head, urgent hands. He's flying now;
4.1;?;Starc to Guptill, no run tight lines;
41.6;1;Cummins to Neesham, 1 run on the back foot, tapped to short midwicket;
41.5;W;Cummins to Anderson, OUT another ambitious wipe, but this time it's simply spanged high into the off side. Who wants it? No-one really, but Henriques is the closest at backward point, clinging onto a steepler inches from the turf as he just about judges it in time!;Corey Anderson c Henriques b Cummins 8 (8m 5b 0x4 1x6) SR: 160;
41.4;6;Cummins to Anderson, SIX runs short, pulled, top-edged, and gone! Clears the rope at backward square leg, that's what sheer pace can do sometimes;
41.3;?;Cummins to Anderson, no run well bowled, leaves Anderson on his backside as he limboes out of the way of a well-directed bouncer, kept following him from round the wicket;
41.2;1;Cummins to Neesham, 1 run nurdled round the corner, another single to backward square. Australia will settle for this;
41.1;?;Cummins to Neesham, no run angled down the leg side, but flicks the pad to save the wide;
40.6;2;Hazlewood to Anderson, 2 runs pierces the field with a cut through backward point;
40.5;?;Hazlewood to Anderson, no run well bowled again, a tight line, and even tighter length to the new batsman, forcing him to gamble if he wants to have a go;
40.4;1;Hazlewood to Neesham, 1 run stroked into the covers to pick off the single;
40.3;?;Hazlewood to Neesham, no run that is a snarling delivery! Swung viciously out of the hand then exploded off the seam to boot. Beat the edge, all ends up;
40.2;?;Hazlewood to Neesham, no run poked back to the bowler;
40.1;W;Hazlewood to Broom, OUT hoisted high and hard, but only as far as Glenn Maxwell on the midwicket rope! Broom is heading back to the cupboard, and New Zealand are in danger of dribbling to a sub-300 total;Neil Broom c Maxwell b Hazlewood 14 (33m 19b 1x4 0x6) SR: 73.68;
39.6;1;Cummins to Broom, 1 run a hard crack to short cover, but again, can't pierce the field;
39.5;?;Cummins to Broom, no run speared into the toes, can't get it past midwicket;
39.4;1;Cummins to Neesham, 1 run that's a terrific welcome for the new man! Fierce throat ball, takes the glove and loops to square leg. No-one lurking, but the intent was plain;
39.3;?;Cummins to Neesham, no run short, and straight enough. Well bowled, as Richard Illingworth signals the one for the over;
39.2;1;Cummins to Broom, 1 run on the toes, plinked to deep midwicket;
39.1;W;Cummins to Williamson, OUT wide of off stump, tapped down the ground, and is going to be a run-out at the non-strikers' end. Yes, it is! Williamson was stranded as Cummins gathered and unleashed from a yard out, and that's the end of a fantastic innings;Kane Williamson run out (Henriques/Cummins) 100 (148m 97b 8x4 3x6) SR: 103.09;
38.6;?;Hastings to Broom, no run slower and fuller outside off, looks to run it down to third man but misses the legcutter;
38.5;1;Hastings to Williamson, 1 run tapped to cover, and there is Williamson's hundred! 96 deliveries, his ninth in ODIs, his first against Australia. And a vital finale to come;
38.4;4;Hastings to Williamson, FOUR runs no such problems for Kane! He's much more Ab(el) on that stroke, leaning inside the line to lob another short ball over his shoulder;
38.3;1;Hastings to Broom, 1 run good intent, but Hastings spots Broom's manoeuvrings, and fires the ball out wide as he aims to go leg-sided;
38.2;4;Hastings to Broom, FOUR runs Broom does go vroom! Picks another cross-seamer from Hastings, and hauls a short ball out of deep midwicket's reach;
38.1;2;Hastings to Broom, 2 runs middle-and-off stump line, and that's a delicate deflection through third man. A good tumbling stop to save the boundary;
37.6;1;Starc to Broom, 1 run opens the face with a deliberately placed steer into the covers;
37.5;1;Starc to Williamson, 1 run low full toss on the leg stump. Worked to midwicket;
37.4;?;Starc to Williamson, no run outside off stump, glided to backward point;
37.3;1;Starc to Broom, 1 run tapped to the leg side, at least he's handed the strike back to Williamson;
37.2;?;Starc to Broom, no run yorker. Superbly executed. Nowhere for Broom to go but hard down into the crease to save his stumps from being splattered;
37.1;?;Starc to Broom, no run short and sharp, angled into the body, and Broom can't connect with a flappy waft towards third man;
36.6;6;Hastings to Williamson, SIX runs heave ho! A massive mow over deep midwicket and over the ropes! That'll help;
36.5;?;Hastings to Williamson, no run banged in short, that was leg-sided, but he gets away with it;
36.4;4;Hastings to Williamson, FOUR runs short and a bit of a rank leg-sided long-hop, really. A fierce swivel-pull to rack up the boundary;
36.3;1;Hastings to Broom, 1 run another attempted squirt through backward point;
36.2;1;Hastings to Williamson, 1 run opens the face to guide a single to third man;
36.1;2;Hastings to Williamson, 2 runs banged in short, and an urgent pull. Not timed to perfection, but plugs in the outfield and they turn for the second;
35.6;1;Starc to Williamson, 1 run on the toes, tucked to the leg side;
35.5;1;Starc to Broom, 1 run dabbed into the off side, another hustling single;
35.4;1;Starc to Williamson, 1 run opens the face and punches up and over the off side;
35.3;1;Starc to Broom, 1 run full toss, punched to mid-off for a sharp single;
35.2;?;Starc to Broom, no run well bowled, round the wicket, angled into the off stump and nipping past the edge;
35.1;3;Starc to Williamson, 3 runs brilliant strike, using the pace and opening the face to squeeze a defensive push through third man. Excellent running;
34.6;?;Henriques to Broom, no run once again, picks out short midwicket with an attractive, if unnecessarily classical, clip off the hip. That is a supreme over in any circumstances;
34.5;?;Henriques to Broom, no run tapped off the hip, but can't beat the reach of short midwicket;
34.4;?;Henriques to Broom, no run hops back and across to defend. Biding his time;
34.3;1;Henriques to Williamson, 1 run nudged down to long on;
34.2;?;Henriques to Williamson, no run leaning onto the front foot, attempting to push into the covers;
34.1;?;Henriques to Williamson, no run tight line;
33.6;1;Hastings to Williamson, 1 run slower ball, very full length, tapped to long-off to complete the over;
33.5;W;Hastings to Taylor, OUT there's the wicket! A cross-seam delivery, pace off the ball, Taylor climbs into an ambitious yahoo, but that is a spiralling top-edge, easily pocketed in the covers;Ross Taylor c Henriques b Hastings 46 (76m 58b 6x4 0x6) SR: 79.31;
33.4;?;Hastings to Taylor, no run tight line, good length, punched to short cover;
33.3;1;Hastings to Williamson, 1 run very good slower ball. Williamson has to wait and wait, and miscues a pull to mid-on;
33.2;6;Hastings to Williamson, SIX runs now then, now then! The pedal is heading for the metal, as Williamson plonks his front foot down the track, and launches his arms across the line of the ball. Dumped dismissively over midwicket, and this is an ominous over;
33.1;4;Hastings to Williamson, FOUR runs too short, too wide, and too easy to put this one away. Up and over backward point;
32.6;?;Starc to Taylor, no run struck on the toe, but Starc's angle is always taking it down. Throaty appeal though;
32.5;4;Starc to Taylor, FOUR runs very wide on the crease from round the wicket, but that just encouraged Taylor to work with the angle and flick a beautifully timed on-drive to the wide mid-on rope. A valiant chase, but Hazlewood can't intercept without tumbling into the rope himself;
32.4;?;Starc to Taylor, no run width, slapped to Maxwell at point;
32.3;1lb;Starc to Williamson, 1 leg bye angling into the pads, an eager attempt to fillet a four through fine leg, but once again, can't quite time it;
32.2;?;Starc to Williamson, no run tight line and length, solid defence;
32.1;1;Starc to Taylor, 1 run tapped into the off side, a quick single to bring up the 200;
31.6;4;Hastings to Williamson, FOUR runs there's the big shot! The big finish to the over that New Zealand needed. Steps across to outside off stump, meets a wide delivery with a fast and full-faced bat, and deposits a drive over long-off;
31.5;?;Hastings to Williamson, no run leaning onto the front foot with a drive to mid-off;
31.4;?;Hastings to Williamson, no run down onto one knee, attempting a paddle-sweep, once again Hastings' lack of pace makes the timing hard to pull off;
31.3;1;Hastings to Taylor, 1 run tapped to third man;
31.2;1;Hastings to Williamson, 1 run a bit of a dirty slower ball, very wide of off stump, but Warner's enthusiastic shy from mid-on gifts an overthrow. Fair effort, Williamson was a long way down;
31.1;1;Hastings to Taylor, 1 run nudged into the gap;
30.6;?;Henriques to Williamson, no run short ball, but a slower ball. Williamson goes for the big wind-up, but can't connect properly through midwicket;
30.5;1;Henriques to Taylor, 1 run punched up to mid-on, was aiming a touch straighter, but another single to the cause;
30.4;4;Henriques to Taylor, FOUR runs flipped off the toes, that's sublime timing. Made the angle by skipping across the stumps and flinging his powerful wrists across the line;
30.3;1;Henriques to Williamson, 1 run gives himself room on the leg-side, Henriques follows him, and they settle for a single to mid-on;
30.2;4;Henriques to Williamson, FOUR runs short again, and launched handsomely over cow corner with a lovely lean-back-and-slap-it pull. Beautiful echo of willow around the ground;
30.1;2;Henriques to Williamson, 2 runs banged in short and hauled aggressively out to deep backward square. Good sliding stop to cut off the boundary;

Sam500: "Loving the big dogs turning up for their teams already in this tournament. Tamim, Root now Williamson. Big innings from Smith later?" very fair point. All augurs well for a cracking tournament
 Innings Start
Let's move on then. South Africa take on Sri Lanka, possibly without Angelo Mathews, at The Oval on Saturday. Andrew Fidel Fernando sets you up with the preview. And, of course, there will be plenty of build-up to the big India-Pakistan game, also at Edgbaston on Sunday. Let's hope the forecast for that is a lot better. Sad finish then, tonight. I'll leave you with out snapshots page as a parting shot. All the chatter around the tournament right here. See you soon. Cheers!
It's a big sporting week in prospect for Cardiff, who host their first match of the Champions Trophy on Tuesday, when England take on New Zealand. Before then, however, there's the small matter of the UEFA Champions League Final. ESPNFC are already out in force for that event, with full coverage including, for UK viewers, full match highlights.
6.28pm The news we all didn't want to hear: The match has been abandoned just like their 2013 Champions Trophy fixture at the same venue was. Both teams will take home one point each. New Zealand would feel they've been robbed of a win. Australia will savour the 'get out of jail' feeling.
New Zealand's pace riches were there for everyone to see in the nine overs that were possible. A intimidating Australia top-order were brought to their knees. Shots out of desperation resulted in a few boundaries, but they looked like a side under pressure today. The groundwork for the strong total , Josh Hazlewood's six-for notwithstanding, was done by Kane Williamson, who made a sparkling ninth ODI ton. Luke Ronchi, played ahead of Tom Latham, impressed too. All good signs for New Zealand.
6.15pm Looking bleak now. Proper rain. "I fear there's almost no chance of that. No result," says George Dobell. Unlikely we can start by 6.50pm to constitute a 20-overs game. What a pity
Asif: "One can only imagine how desperately fans from India and Pakistan are praying right now." More so those who've travelled all the way from both countries to watch this and I know a few who have.
Rohan: "Hey Shashank, so to resume by 6:48 pm by when should the rain stop for the crew to do the mop up?" Lets say at least 15 minutes
Suhaib: "So it's come down to Trans-Tasman battle of prayers for rain to stop or not to stop till 6:48 pm. What disappointment for the fans and the sport."
Sushil: "Shashank, can't they go on until 2:00 AM like IPL to get the result?" Ha! Don't even remind them of this possibility. Good lord
Kamran: "Sharing points in this game will have huge hit on any chance of Bangladesh going through to the semis." For starters, they have to anyway win their remaining two games to take other results out of the equation. Plus, if that happens, they will go through because the max Australia and New Zealand can get to would be three points.
6.03pm There's just a chance the worst of this will skirt the ground, says George Dobell, who is dangling out of the press-box window clutching a knot of seaweed
Guru: "What happens if there is no more play possible? Do they split points, or is there a reserve day?" No reserve day. They'll share points
17.55pm Doesn't look good at all, if pictures from Edgbaston are anything to go by. Dark, heavy, gloomy, grey. Whatever you want to call it. As things stand, Australia won't really mind the rain. New Zealanders will be left wondering if there's anyway they can squeeze in 11 more overs. As things stand, they're bossing this. We have to start by 6.50pm to have a 20-over game. Target will be 174 if it's down to that.
8.6;W;Milne to Henriques, OUT the streaky innings has ended. Gets a big, fat inside edge onto the pad as he plays outside the line of the delivery. This one moved back in off the seam as well. Simple catch on the followthrough for Milne. Australia in tatters. The rain arrives as they come together to celebrate.;Moises Henriques c & b Milne 18 (12m 14b 4x4 0x6) SR: 128.57;
8.5;4;Milne to Henriques, FOUR runs edged and it bursts through Ross Taylor's hands at first slip. Bounced well in front of him, could've been stopped nevertheless. Henriques was squared up;
8.4;?;Milne to Henriques, no run gets this to jag back in off the deck from length on off, pushed to the leg side;
8.3;?;Milne to Henriques, no run plants fully forward to bunt the length ball to cover;
8.2;4;Milne to Henriques, FOUR runs short and angling into the body, Henriques gets on top of the bounce and keeps the pull all along the ground. Stayed right back in the crease, almost as if he was expecting it.;
8.1;?;Milne to Henriques, no run not much bounce this time. Looks to drive through the line, scoots off the absolute bottom to the keeper;
7.6;1;Boult to Henriques, 1 run looks to pull, gets it high on the bat, rolls to fine leg;
7.5;4;Boult to Henriques, FOUR runs crunch! This is a short-arm jab to a length ball on middle. Flew off the middle. Made sweet contact. Deep square leg stood no chance even though he wasn't far away;
7.4;?;Boult to Henriques, no run beaten as he tries to open the bat face to angle it down to third man;
7.3;4;Boult to Henriques, FOUR runs top-edge, but safe. Looks to fetch it from outside off, gets enough bat on it to clear the keeper. One bounce into the boundary;
7.2;?;Boult to Henriques, no run slants a fuller delivery across, left alone;
7.1;?;Boult to Henriques, no run slants a back of length delivery across, Henriques solidly behind in defence;
6.6;?;Milne to Smith, no run not much power on that drive, tumbling stop at cover;
6.5;1;Milne to Henriques, 1 run thick inside-edge, squeezed to square leg. Played outside the line of that length delivery. Feeble;
6.4;?;Milne to Henriques, no run play and a miss. Watched this scoot low to the keeper;
6.3;W;Milne to Finch, OUT chipped straight to short midwicket. The extra pace of Milne has done the trick. Length ball at 142kph, comes back in to cramp him for room. Gets it high on the bat as he hops back to whip and Taylor takes a dolly.;Aaron Finch c Taylor b Milne 8 (29m 18b 0x4 0x6) SR: 44.44;
6.2;?;Milne to Finch, no run tried to hit this length ball through the line over the bowler's head, but toe-ended it behind the wicket;
6.1;?;Milne to Finch, no run 138kph length ball outside off, punched to Kane at short cover;
5.6;4;Boult to Smith, FOUR runs bowls this across at length from wide of the crease, Smith stands tall and punches that between the two cover fielders. Stunning;
5.5;?;Boult to Smith, no run hit high on the thigh pad as he shuffles across to whip that away;
5.4;?;Boult to Smith, no run looks to play a short-arm jab over midwicket, but was in no position. Got into a tangle as the ball kept coming back in to cramp him for room. Beaten. Has played three shots already;
5.3;4;Boult to Smith, FOUR runs crunching cover drive. Just leant into it and used the hint of width to play through the line. Wow;
5.2;?;Boult to Smith, no run beaten! Looks to flay this over point, there was width alright but he was a tad late on the shot. Zip off the deck again;
5.1;W;Boult to Warner, OUT shot brought out of desperation and an escalating asking rate. Warner sashays down the pitch to slap this length ball over point but can only get a big, fat edge through to Luke Ronchi;David Warner c ?Ronchi b Boult 18 (21m 16b 1x4 1x6) SR: 112.5;
4.6;?;Southee to Finch, no run cramped for room, hops back and dabs back to the bowler;
4.5;1;Southee to Warner, 1 run drops it gently to short cover for a quick singe. Fielder a touch too deep. Williamson immediately asks him to come in a couple of paces;
4.4;6;Southee to Warner, SIX runs upper cut, wow! Slapped that over square third man. Shikhar Dhawan plays this very well too. Both feet in the air as he used the angle to give it a whack. Strong hands;
4.3;1;Southee to Finch, 1 run steers one to short third man, quick single taken;
4.2;?;Southee to Finch, no run swing and a miss. Looks to slap this over cover, but played too early.;
4.1;?;Southee to Finch, no run sweet timing as he check-drives, but straight to cover point.;
3.6;?;Boult to Warner, no run excellent leave. Touch fuller outside off, no swing whatsoever though;
3.5;1;Boult to Finch, 1 run back of length outside off, forces it to mid-off and scampers a run. Santner doesn't pick up cleanly as he hares in to prevent the run;
3.4;1;Boult to Warner, 1 run length on middle and leg, tucked to deep square leg;
3.3;1;Boult to Finch, 1 run thick inside edge but a stunning stop by Corey Anderson at short fine leg. Looked to heave this to the leg side;
3.2;2;Boult to Finch, 2 runs drags an attempted loft over the bowler's head towards wide long-on. Santner runs in from mid-on to pull it back. The bat face turned in his hand as he made contact with the length ball;
3.1;?;Boult to Finch, no run looks to slap this incoming length ball on middle but is beaten by the zip off the deck. Was deep inside the crease to execute that shot this time;
2.6;1;Southee to Finch, 1 run tucks him up with the angle from wide of the crease, bunted down the ground as they jog the single;
2.5;?;Southee to Finch, no run much fuller on off stump from wide of the crease, Finch hops back and punches. Could've pressed forward again;
2.4;?;Southee to Finch, no run short of length outside off, he stands tall and punches it to cover;
2.3;?;Southee to Finch, no run looked to hook that out of the stadium, but played too early and missed. Task made tougher by the fact that he had to fetch it from outside off;
2.2;1;Southee to Warner, 1 run back of length on middle and leg, turned behind square;
2.1;1lb;Southee to Finch, 1 leg bye struck on the thigh pad as he looks to whip the length ball on leg, they scamper a leg bye off the deflection;
1.6;1;Boult to Finch, 1 run sensible. Drops it gently towards short cover and scampers a run. Santner has a shy at the bowler's end, may have been close had he hit;
1.5;1;Boult to Warner, 1 run leading edge but into the gap between cover and point. Extra bounce from length on middle;
1.4;?;Boult to Warner, no run shows the full face of the bat in defence;
1.3;?;Boult to Warner, no run skids back in from length to cramp Warner for room, defended to short leg;
1.2;4;Boult to Warner, FOUR runs full and sliding into the pads, tickled to the fine leg boundary. Too easy, like picking apples in the backyard.;
1.1;?;Boult to Warner, no run sharp bouncer which Warner looks to fetch from outside off, gets a thick inside edge onto the body. Guptill swoops in from point to cleanly pick up the deflection and prevent the single;
0.6;1;Southee to Warner, 1 run punches a length ball to mid-off and scampers a quick single;
0.5;?;Southee to Warner, no run digs one in short on leg stump, Warner looks to take him on but is beaten by the pace. Wasn't far from the glove. Stifled appeal but a very optimistic one. Southee gets away with one;
0.4;?;Southee to Warner, no run plays back to a delivery he could've been well forward. No harm done as he defends;
0.3;1;Southee to Finch, 1 run length on middle and leg, whipped to deep square leg;
0.2;3;Southee to Warner, 3 runs pitched up on the pads and Warner flicks this into the gap between midwicket and mid-on. The outfield has slowed down significantly, would've been a boundary otherwise;
0.1;?;Southee to Warner, no run angles a full-length delivery across Warner, who lets it go;

5.10pm Players milling around the boundary. Conditions significantly brighter than when we went off. It's still grey though. This chase is in Australia's territory, you'd still think, but should the ball suddenly buzz around because of moisture, Boult and Southee will be more than just a handful.
Southee with the first over. Just one slip in place
 Innings Start
2nd Match Group A, Birmingham, Jun 2 2017, ICC Champions Trophy
291
53/3
Player of the match is 
