Data
2:52pm: Excellent work from the Aussie bowlers; they were well backed up by some sharp fielding. West Indies simply collapsed after lunch, sliding quickly to 148 all out from 85 for 3. Jason Holder provided the lone source of resistance with 21 from 42 balls. Johnson and Hazlewood picked up three wickets each while Starc chipped in with two. Do come back after tea for Australia's reply.
53.5;W;Johnson to Gabriel, OUT Clarke snaps it up now, Johnson has his man now. West Indies have been rolled over for 148. Full and outside off, Gabriel backs away, pushes with firm hands and nicks it to second slip;Shannon Gabriel c Clarke b Johnson 2 (15m 11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 18.18;
53.4;?;Johnson to Gabriel, no run back of a length and climbs over the stumps as Gabriel goes for an almighty swipe and misses;
53.3;?;Johnson to Gabriel, no run another bumpy ball outside off, Gabriel yanks his head out of the way;
53.2;?;Johnson to Gabriel, no run drops short of Watson. Hurls it full and outside off, wafts and gets an outside edge that dies in front of first slip. Watson could have perhaps moved forward and attacked the ball;
53.1;?;Johnson to Gabriel, no run rip snorter from Johnson. Bouncer angling away, Gabriel keeps his eyes on it, sways his upper body out of the way in time;
52.6;?;Starc to Bishoo, no run hurled full and wide outside off, Bishoo wants to jab it through the off side but the ball slides under his bat;
52.5;?;Starc to Bishoo, no run full and wide outside off, Bishoo lets it be;
52.4;?;Starc to Bishoo, no run follows up three full balls with a good lifter, Bishoo ducks under it;
52.3;?;Starc to Bishoo, no run full and hurled in on middle, defensively pushed to mid-off;
52.2;?;Starc to Bishoo, no run full and attacking middle, Bishoo blocks it back to the bowler;
52.1;?;Starc to Bishoo, no run inswinger, full on middle. Near yorker, jammed out to leg;
1.6;?;Hazlewood to Hope, no run back of a length and slipping down leg, Hope can't quite connect with the attempted glance;
1.5;?;Hazlewood to Hope, no run on a good length and teasing Hope outside off, hint of away movement, beats the outside edge;
1.4;1;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, 1 run good length and around off, poked to the covers for a quick single. Lyon swoops down on the ball but misses a direct hit at the non-strikers';
1.3;?;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, no run very full and speared in at the base of the off stump, dug out to the covers after inching forward;
1.2;?;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, no run back of a length and zipping through outside off. Nice TV-friendly carry to the keeper here;
1.1;?;Hazlewood to Brathwaite, no run pitched up and Hazlewood gets some swing on middle, blocked from the crease;
0.6;1;Johnson to Brathwaite, 1 run good length and attacking middle stump, gently pushed down the ground past the bowler for one... The fielder at mid-off misses the direct hit;
0.5;?;Johnson to Brathwaite, no run 142.5ks, not much bounce again as Johnson veers down leg;
0.4;2;Johnson to Brathwaite, 2 runs back of a length, clipped away off the hips behind the square leg umpire after getting inside the line. West Indies and Brathwaite off the mark;
0.3;?;Johnson to Brathwaite, no run this one stays low. On a length and Johnson drifts down leg, left alone;
0.2;?;Johnson to Brathwaite, no run back of length and sliding away outside off with extra bounce, Brathwaite protects his of stump and lets it pass;
0.1;?;Johnson to Brathwaite, no run good start from Mitch. Very full and hurled in on middle, he brings his bat down and squirts it to the leg side;
51.6;1;Lyon to Bishoo, 1 run looped up on middle, eased to mid-off for a single;
51.5;1;Lyon to Gabriel, 1 run length on off, he gets under it and mis-times a slog-sweep to the right of long-on. Not middled, just dragged away for one;
51.4;?;Lyon to Gabriel, no run skiddy ball, hurries on off, kept out off the back foot;
51.3;?;Lyon to Gabriel, no run pushed through on middle, defended;
51.2;?;Lyon to Gabriel, no run drifts this one on off, blocked to leg;
51.1;?;Lyon to Gabriel, no run angled outside off from round the stumps, pressed to long-off;
50.6;1;Smith to Gabriel, 1 run fuller and on off, he loads up for a big slog and drags it towards cow corner;
50.5;1;Smith to Bishoo, 1 run picked away off the pads in the gap between leg-slip and short leg;
50.4;?;Smith to Bishoo, no run pushed through, skiddy ball, spins in. Kept out;
50.3;?;Smith to Bishoo, no run low full toss on middle, pushed down to long-off;
50.2;W;Smith to Taylor, OUT rank long-hop and another top catch, time time from Adam Voges. Taylor lines up for a pull after rocking up, gets a top edge. Voges runs back from short midwicket and snags it over his shoulder with both hands, tumbling onto the ground.;Jerome Taylor c Voges b Smith 6 (49m 30b 1x4 0x6) SR: 20;
50.1;?;Smith to Taylor, no run tossed up full and dips in, bunted towards long-on;
49.6;?;Lyon to Bishoo, no run pushed through on middle, spins away, poked to short third man;
49.5;?;Lyon to Bishoo, no run flat and fired outside off, punched off the back foot to the covers;
49.4;?;Lyon to Bishoo, no run fuller and some turn away outside off, pressed to the left of first slip;
49.3;?;Lyon to Bishoo, no run pushed through and turning away outside off, pushes and misses. Haddin can't glove it cleanly;
49.2;?;Lyon to Bishoo, no run straight roller on middle, defended to short cover;
49.1;?;Lyon to Bishoo, no run tossed up generously on middle, blocked back to the bowler;
48.6;?;Starc to Taylor, no run angled in short from round the stumps, defended onto the pitch;
48.5;1;Starc to Bishoo, 1 run good length around off, prods from the crease and gets an outside edge that skitters low between first and second slip;
48.4;?;Starc to Bishoo, no run pitched up and outside off, no shot offered;
48.3;4;Starc to Bishoo, FOUR runs banged in shorter and outside off, Bishoo ramps it up and over the cordon to elicit more applause. Poor ball from Starc, it just sat up and Bishoo took advantage;
48.2;?;Starc to Bishoo, no run dug in short and outside off, Bishoo lets it pass through to Haddin;
48.1;2;Starc to Bishoo, 2 runs back of a length and on off, Bishoo goes on the back foot and pushes it square on the off side. Smattering of applause from the crowd as he gets off the mark;
47.6;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run good length and tails in on off, Taylor gets into a tangle and wears it on his thigh pad;
47.5;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run back of a length and rises outside off, extra bounce. Left alone;
47.4;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run bumper down leg at 135ks, Taylor sinks under it;
47.3;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run back of a length and on middle, Taylor ventures forward and across to defend it;
47.2;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run back of a length and swerves in from outside off but not close enough to draw a stroke from Taylor;
47.1;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run good length on off, Taylor prods forward and blocks it to mid-off;
46.6;?;Starc to Bishoo, no run fullish tempter outside off, Bishoo does not bite;
46.5;?;Starc to Bishoo, no run darted on a back of a length and outside off, Bishoo shapes to cut and gets a bottom edge that rolls to the right of Haddin;
46.4;?;Starc to Bishoo, no run back of a length and outside off, Bishoo flashes and does not connect;
46.3;?;Starc to Bishoo, no run pitched up full and tails back in on middle and off, Bishoo sits back and manages an inside edge onto the pad;
46.2;?;Starc to Bishoo, no run much closer to the off stump and shapes in, but Bishoo is happy to shoulder arms;
46.1;?;Starc to Bishoo, no run full and outside off, Bishoo does not bother with it;
45.6;4;Hazlewood to Taylor, FOUR runs short and wide outside off, Taylor pull-slogs it away to the deep midwicket boundary;
45.5;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run good length and bends in on off, he yanks one hand off the bat as he squirts it to mid-on;
45.4;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run good length and on off, knocked to the covers;
45.3;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run back of a length and outside off, he opens the face of the bat and steers it to the cordon. Fraught with risk..;
45.2;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run good length on off, Taylor prods forward to defend;
45.1;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run cuts back in sharply from outside off, stays low, beats the inside edge and misses the top of off by a whisker..;
44.6;?;Starc to Bishoo, no run back of a length and outside off from over the wicket. Ignored;
44.5;W;Starc to Holder, OUT caught at gully! Angled in outside off from round the stumps, Holder throws his bat at a drive and nicks it off to gully, where Marsh takes it around chest-height;Jason Holder c Marsh b Starc 21 (68m 42b 3x4 0x6) SR: 50;
44.4;?;Starc to Holder, no run hurled in fuller and on off, driven to mid-off, who is deeper than normal;
44.3;?;Starc to Holder, no run angled in and shapes away around off, poked towards gully off an outside edge;
44.2;?;Starc to Holder, no run full and outside off, sliced drive to the covers;
44.1;?;Starc to Holder, no run back of a length and angled in, close to 140ks. Taylor hangs his bat out and the ball slips past the outside edge;
43.6;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run full and outside off, left alone;
43.5;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run back of a length and swerves away outside off, flashes and misses. Beaten for the third time in four balls;
43.4;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run full and on middle, played to the covers;
43.3;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run angled in outside off on a good length accompanied by some extra bounce. Taylor flirts with it and is beaten again;
43.2;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run swish and a miss to a length ball wide outside off. No feet movement from Taylor;
43.1;1;Johnson to Holder, 1 run good length and width on offer, Holder gets forward and drives it to the right of sweeper cover;
42.6;?;Starc to Taylor, no run lovely line.. Back of a length and outside off, skims past the outside edge of the groping bat;
42.5;?;Starc to Taylor, no run good length and on off, defended to short cover;
42.4;?;Starc to Taylor, no run fullish with some away movement around off, poked out towards gully off an outside edge;
42.3;?;Starc to Taylor, no run andddd again! Good length and in the channel outside off, Taylor dangles his bat out and misses;
42.2;?;Starc to Taylor, no run good length and sliding away outside off, Taylor goes searching for it. Pushes with firm hands away from the body and gets beaten;
42.1;2;Starc to Taylor, 2 runs pitched up and outside off, he strides forward and drives it on the up, over the non-striker. There is no mid-off in place and cover has to cut it off;
41.6;?;Johnson to Holder, no run back of a length and angled in on middle at 141.9ks, defended off the back foot;
41.5;?;Johnson to Holder, no run angled in outside off, Holder wanted to nibble at it. But makes the late call of shouldering arms;
41.4;?;Johnson to Holder, no run short and on middle, fended to the leg side;
41.3;?;Johnson to Holder, no run back of a length and zipping away outside off. Holder lets it pass after reining in the initial impulse of prodding at it;
41.2;4;Johnson to Holder, FOUR runs drifting onto the pads, Holder gets a scintilla of tickle on it and helps it fine on the leg side;
41.1;?;Johnson to Holder, no run speared in full and outside off at 142ks, he reaches out for a drive and misses;
40.6;?;Watson to Taylor, no run back of a length and around off, pushed defensively to the covers;
40.5;1;Watson to Holder, 1 run banged in short and on the stumps, Holder rocks back and pulls it behind square on the leg side. Johnson runs to his left to cut that off;
40.4;?;Watson to Holder, no run back of a length and on off, pressed to mid-off;
40.3;4;Watson to Holder, FOUR runs shot from Holder... On a length outside off, Holder attacks it. Takes the aerial route and hoists it up and over mid-off after planting his front foot forward;
40.2;?;Watson to Holder, no run fullish and nibbles in on off, driven off the front foot to mid-on;
40.1;?;Watson to Holder, no run tight line on off, blocked off the front foot;
39.6;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run slips in a full ball outside off, Taylor hangs his bat out, he was perhaps looking to drive. But is beaten neck and crop;
39.5;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run pacy bouncer, whizzes off the deck and socks Taylor on side of the helmet. Taylor was in a dilemma whether to pull or get out of the way;
39.4;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run good length and shapes away around off, poked out towards gully;
39.3;W;Johnson to Ramdin, OUT knocked em' over, West Indies continue to tumble. Full and hurled in on off, Ramdin sits back, this Johnson offering keeps a bit low as it slider under his bat and clatters into the off stump. Timberrrrrrr! Johnson leaps and exults;Denesh Ramdin b Johnson 19 (46m 27b 2x4 0x6) SR: 70.37;
39.2;?;Johnson to Ramdin, no run mighty full and on off, Ramdin mishits a drive as it goes only as far as short cover. He inspects the toe end of his bat;
39.1;?;Johnson to Ramdin, no run bangs a bumper, well-directed ball as it rises over the stumps to Haddin. Ramdin sinks under it;
38.6;?;Watson to Holder, no run back of a length and on off, Holder aims for a punchy cover-drive but can only inside-edge it onto his pads;
38.5;?;Watson to Holder, no run back of a length and comes in on off, Holder blocks it to leg;
38.4;?;Watson to Holder, no run full and outside off, bunted to the off side. Smith denies them a single;
38.3;?;Watson to Holder, no run good length and outside off, pushed to the covers;
38.2;?;Watson to Holder, no run back of a length and targetting off, Holder inches forward and pat it to the covers;
38.1;?;Watson to Holder, no run back of a length and swings in on off, defended to the leg side off an inside edge;
37.6;?;Johnson to Ramdin, no run good length with some away movement around off, blocked to cover again;
37.5;?;Johnson to Ramdin, no run back of a length and tailing away outside off, jabbed defensively to cover;
37.4;?;Johnson to Ramdin, no run short of a length and on off, defended to the covers off the back foot;
37.3;1;Johnson to Holder, 1 run very full and on middle, flicked to the right of Hazlewood at mid-on;
37.2;4;Johnson to Holder, FOUR runs short-pitched ball down leg, Holder shapes up for a pull and gloves it to the left of Haddin, fine on the leg side. The man in the deep was squarer;
37.1;?;Johnson to Holder, no run short and sliding away outside off, Holder lets it through to Haddin as he pulls his bat inside the line;
36.6;?;Watson to Ramdin, no run full and wide outside off, forward and pressed out to extra cover;
36.5;?;Watson to Ramdin, no run pitched up and tails in a touch on off, Ramdin gets forward and pats it down the ground;
36.4;?;Watson to Ramdin, no run back of a length and cuts in on off, blocked to short midwicket;
36.3;?;Watson to Ramdin, no run Watson slips it down leg, missed glance;
36.2;2;Watson to Ramdin, 2 runs shortish again, outside off. Chopped behind point;
36.1;4;Watson to Ramdin, FOUR runs fractionally short on off, Ramdin says Hello Watson as he swivels on the back foot and times a pull wide of short midwicket;
35.6;?;Johnson to Holder, no run back of a length and on middle, Holder drops it to the off side, adjacent to the pitch;
35.5;?;Johnson to Holder, no run Johnson tests Holder with a bumper, he hunkers down and evades it;
35.4;?;Johnson to Holder, no run Mitchell Johnson goes up for a caught-behind appeal. Watson and Haddin were not interested. Full and curls away outside off, he pokes with his feet stuck to the crease and ends up beaten;
35.3;1;Johnson to Ramdin, 1 run good length on off, forward and tapped down to the ground. Mid-off (Warner) dives and has it covered;
35.2;?;Johnson to Ramdin, no run diving save at the covers. Pitched up and outside off, encourages the drive. Smith I guess flings to his left and makes a smart save;
35.1;2;Johnson to Ramdin, 2 runs good length and outside off, tips forward and pushes it to the right of mid-off;
34.6;?;Starc to Holder, no run darted down leg, good take from Haddin;
34.5;1;Starc to Ramdin, 1 run nice and full outside off, leans forward to drive it past the covers. Mid-off moves to his left, dives and stops the ball;
34.4;4;Starc to Ramdin, FOUR runs dug in short and wide, sort of sits up. He rocks back and cuts it away behind point, well wide of gully for four;
34.3;?;Starc to Ramdin, no run pitched up and shapes away around off, poked out to the covers;
34.2;?;Starc to Ramdin, no run angled in just a shade outside off, draws Ramdin into a forward-defensive push to the covers;
34.1;?;Starc to Ramdin, no run pitched up on off from round the wicket, pushed to mid-off off the front foot;
33.6;?;Hazlewood to Holder, no run good length and holds its line on off, blocked;
33.5;?;Hazlewood to Holder, no run inducker at 140ks, slices him into half! Jags back in from outside off, Holder pushes limply and gets beaten on the inside edge;
33.4;3;Hazlewood to Ramdin, 3 runs Hazlewood pushes this one full and straight, clipped away towards deep midwicket for three and the hosts reach three figures;
33.3;1;Hazlewood to Holder, 1 run back of a length and on off, he keeps back and turns it to the right of short midwicket off the inside half of the bat;
33.2;2;Hazlewood to Holder, 2 runs very full and on off, square-driven nicely. The slow outfield makes way for only a couple;
33.1;2;Hazlewood to Holder, 2 runs rare error from Hazlewood, too straight, tucked to the right of short midwicket;
32.6;?;Starc to Ramdin, no run sliding away outside off with the angle, Ramdin tightens up his technique and shoulders arms;
32.5;?;Starc to Ramdin, no run full and wide outside off, he reaches out for a drive and only connects with thin air. Should have been ignored;
32.4;?;Starc to Ramdin, no run back of a length and moves away, defended;
32.3;?;Starc to Ramdin, no run Ramdin weathers an appeal for lbw! Back of a length and curls away to strike Ramdin on the pad. Hint of reverse swing? Umpire Dar shoots it down. Pitched outside leg;
32.2;2;Starc to Ramdin, 2 runs back of a length and outside off, Ramdin arches back and punches it behind point, beats the fielder for a couple;
32.1;?;Starc to Ramdin, no run back of a length and angling away, blocked tentatively to short coer;
31.6;?;Hazlewood to Holder, no run straighter in line, stump-to-stump stuff, blocked back to the bowler;
31.5;?;Hazlewood to Holder, no run good length and outside off. No shot offered;
31.4;?;Hazlewood to Holder, no run good length and on off, pressed to the covers;
31.3;?;Hazlewood to Holder, no run tempter outside off, Holder shows restraint in shouldering arms;
31.2;?;Hazlewood to Holder, no run lifter, does not have much legs on it. Yet, Holder ducks under it;
31.1;?;Hazlewood to Holder, no run back of a length and outside off, swerves in late. Ignored;
30.6;1;Starc to Holder, 1 run hurled in on off, Holder sits back and pushes it over the covers;
30.5;W;Starc to Samuels, OUT the short ball does the trick! Hazlewood snaps it up near the long-leg boundary. Banged in short and hurries on outside off, Samuels mis-controls a pull. He manages a top edge that balloons in the air. Hazlewood (you can't keep him out of action) runs to his right and pouches it safely. Excellent judgement;Marlon Samuels c Hazlewood b Starc 7 (55m 39b 1x4 0x6) SR: 17.94;
30.4;?;Starc to Samuels, no run good length and outside off, Samuels goes hard on the drive and mistimes it to mid-off;
30.3;?;Starc to Samuels, no run back of a length and outside off, run to gully off the face of the bat;
30.2;?;Starc to Samuels, no run shortish and rises outside off, dabbed to gully;
30.1;4;Starc to Samuels, FOUR runs Starc goes too full and outside off, Samuels strides forward and executes a drive past the covers. Sweetly-timed stroke;
29.6;W;Hazlewood to Blackwood, OUT Hazlewood reaps more reward for disciplined bowling. He probes away outside off. The one is wider, seduces Blackwood into pushing away from the body. Outside edge taken, third slip - Clarke - dives across in front of Watson at second slip and completes another terrific catch;Jermaine Blackwood c Clarke b Hazlewood 2 (11m 9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 22.22;
29.5;?;Hazlewood to Blackwood, no run good length and on off, Blackwood inches forward and taps it to the covers;
29.4;?;Hazlewood to Blackwood, no run 140ks, Hazlewood continues to explore the channel of uncertainty. Blackwood hoists his bat above his shoulder and lets it go;
29.3;?;Hazlewood to Blackwood, no run more bounce and extra shoulder on this. Bangs in a good lifter, he slips underneath it;
29.2;?;Hazlewood to Blackwood, no run tight off-stump line, Blackwood prods forward and blocks;
29.1;?;Hazlewood to Blackwood, no run alarming bounce. Short and outside off, rears up. Blackwood spars at it before pulling his bat inside the line;
28.6;?;Starc to Samuels, no run pitched up and bends away outside off, Samuels leaves it rather belatedly.;
28.5;?;Starc to Samuels, no run back of a length and straightens on middle, ticked towards square leg;
28.4;?;Starc to Samuels, no run full and straight, Samuels ventures forward and across as he clips it to mid-on;
28.3;?;Starc to Samuels, no run good length and on off, forward and patted to mid-off;
28.2;?;Starc to Samuels, no run good length and outside off, played to the covers;
28.1;?;Starc to Samuels, no run pitched up, outside off, brings Samuels forward into a push to mid-off;
27.6;2;Hazlewood to Blackwood, 2 runs Hazlewood pushes this one too full and offers width. Driven past the covers to break successive maidens;
27.5;?;Hazlewood to Blackwood, no run back of a length, top-of-off line, Blackwood camps back and defends it back to the bowler;
27.4;?;Hazlewood to Blackwood, no run nice and disciplined. Full and outside off, pushed defensively towards point;
27.3;W;Hazlewood to Dowrich, OUT Dragged on! Back of a length and swerves in a touch off the seam on off. Dowrich, perhaps was aiming to force it through the off side. But he does not move his feet much and ends up inside-edging it back onto the stumps. Hazlewood gets the debutant in the second over after lunch..;Shane Dowrich b Hazlewood 15 (53m 36b 2x4 0x6) SR: 41.66;
27.2;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run pitched up and outside off, he comes forward, drives and finds the covers;
27.1;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run full and on off, blocked back to the bowler off the front foot;
26.6;?;Starc to Samuels, no run dug in fractionally shortish and outside off, Samuels rides the bounce and steers it to point;
26.5;?;Starc to Samuels, no run full and Starc dangles the carrot outside off, Samuels sits back and does not bite;
26.4;?;Starc to Samuels, no run similar line and length, Samuels defends it neatly;
26.3;?;Starc to Samuels, no run back of a length and outside off, defended;
26.2;?;Starc to Samuels, no run good length on off, forward and Samuels defends it to the covers;
26.1;?;Starc to Samuels, no run pitched up and outside off, brings Samuels forward to a drive to mid-off;
25.6;?;Lyon to Dowrich, no run angled in on middle, Dowrich blocks it carefully;
25.5;4;Lyon to Dowrich, FOUR runs top strike. Pitched up and outside off, Dowrich eases forward and pumps it past the covers with a controlled drive;
25.4;?;Lyon to Dowrich, no run fuller and turning down leg, he can't connect with the flick;
25.3;?;Lyon to Dowrich, no run flat and quick, spins in. He sits back and blocks it;
25.2;?;Lyon to Dowrich, no run flighted offbreak, worked to leg;
25.1;?;Lyon to Dowrich, no run flatter and on off, blocked to short leg;
24.6;?;Johnson to Samuels, no run back of a length and cuts back in from outside off, keeps low. Samuels was surprised by the lack of bounce there. He plays and misses;
24.5;?;Johnson to Samuels, no run back of a length and angled in, Samuels wants to clip it away but short leg intercepts it;
24.4;?;Johnson to Samuels, no run good length and kicks up outside off, moves away a bit. No shot offered;
24.3;?;Johnson to Samuels, no run good length and angled in, defended;
24.2;2;Johnson to Samuels, 2 runs pitched further up and outside off. Samuels sits back, brings out a drive past the covers, to the left of mid-off. Warner runs back and across as he hunts it down;
24.1;?;Johnson to Samuels, no run full and angling away outside off, pressed out to the covers;
23.6;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run back of a length and comes in on middle, poked out to the covers;
23.5;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run good length, probing line on off, tapped defensively to mid-off;
23.4;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run short and on off, hops up and fends it in front of short midwicket;
23.3;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run steepler, forces Dowrich to duck under it;
23.2;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run back of a length and outside off, dabbed to short cover;
23.1;2;Hazlewood to Dowrich, 2 runs good length and outside off, Dowrich gets a positive stride forward as he pushes it to the left of covers for two;
22.6;?;Johnson to Samuels, no run 140ks, full and wide outside off, Samuels is on a fishing expedition now, throws his bat at a drive. It does not carry to gully;
22.5;?;Johnson to Samuels, no run Johnson bangs it midway down the pitch, gets it to climb over a ducking Samuels;
22.4;?;Johnson to Samuels, no run full and speared in on off, blocked towards point;
22.3;1;Johnson to Dowrich, 1 run back of a length and angled in on middle, Dowrich shuffles across and glances a single to long leg;
22.2;?;Johnson to Dowrich, no run Johnson goes wide of the crease and angles it full outside off, seduces Dowrich into a push away from the body. Slips past the outside edge;
22.1;?;Johnson to Dowrich, no run pitched up and just a shade outside off from round the stumps, played defensively to the covers;
21.6;?;Hazlewood to Samuels, no run Haddin takes it in front of his eyes.. Lifter outside off with extra shoulder, Samuels lets it pass to Haddin;
21.5;?;Hazlewood to Samuels, no run full again, curls in on off, blocked to the leg side off the front foot;
21.4;?;Hazlewood to Samuels, no run Hazlewood pitches it up, darts it very full on off and drags Samuels forward. Pushed in front of mid-on;
21.3;?;Hazlewood to Samuels, no run tests Samuels with a short ball outside off, he drops his gloves and weaves away from the line;
21.2;?;Hazlewood to Samuels, no run tight line on off, Samuels tips forward and blocks it in front of the covers;
21.1;?;Hazlewood to Samuels, no run good length and outside off, knocks on the channel of uncertainty. Samuels gets comfy on the couch, slams the doors and leaves it;
20.6;1;Johnson to Samuels, 1 run Johnson pulls his length back on off, nudged to the right of short leg;
20.5;?;Johnson to Samuels, no run good length angled in on off, defended with minimal footwork;
20.4;?;Johnson to Samuels, no run pushed far too wide across off, Samuels doesn't venture out on a fishing expedition. Left alone;
20.3;?;Johnson to Samuels, no run pitched up and on off, Samuels seeks to drive and ends up jabbing it towards point;
20.2;?;Johnson to Samuels, no run on a length and outside off, Samuels now employs soft hands and dabs it in front of point;
20.1;?;Johnson to Samuels, no run does not carry to Watson at first slip. Back of a length and rises outside off, Samuels hops up, spars and edges it in front of first slip. He would have been better off had he left that alone;
19.6;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run good length and comes in on off,pushed to mid-on with a straightish bat;
19.5;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run good length and outside off, ignored;
19.4;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run Hazlewood tests Dowrich with a bouncer just outside off, he sinks under it safely. Effort ball from Hazlewood;
19.3;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run back of a length and outside off, punched to short cover, where Lyon dives across to his left and makes a half-save;
19.2;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run good length on off, blocked in front of short midwicket;
19.1;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run very full and on off, forward and driven straight to mid-on;
18.6;?;Johnson to Samuels, no run bouncer down leg from over the wicket, ducked under;
18.5;W;Johnson to Hope, OUT superb catch, Marsh pulls this off. Good length and outside off from round the stumps, Shai Hope chases it with a drive and nicks it. Marsh dives to his right from gully and snaffles it. The umpires check for a possible no ball, it is a legal one and West Indies have been reduced to 75 for 3;Shai Hope c Marsh b Johnson 36 (89m 54b 5x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
18.4;?;Johnson to Hope, no run pitched up and outside off, ignored. This does not bounce at all, scuttles through to the keeper;
18.3;?;Johnson to Hope, no run good length ball angled in, dabbed in front of the cordon with soft hands;
18.2;?;Johnson to Hope, no run lifter down leg, ducked under;
18.1;?;Johnson to Hope, no run banged in short, at 141.3ks, fends it to the leg side after leaping off his feet;
17.6;4;Lyon to Dowrich, FOUR runs pitched up and outside off, Dowrich lunges forward and unfurls a lovely drive with a bent knee to the left of the covers;
17.5;?;Lyon to Dowrich, no run almost a run out. Communication breakdown between the wickets. This was drifted down leg, Dowrich lets it pass. Haddin can't it cleanly as he deflects it square on the leg side. Clarke gathers the ball after running from slip. Hope is halfway down the wicket and is sent back. He gets back to the non-strikers' in time;
17.4;?;Lyon to Dowrich, no run flatter and turning away outside off, he gets on top of the bounce and cuts it to point;
17.3;?;Lyon to Dowrich, no run full, straight ball, Dowrich answers with a dead bat;
17.2;?;Lyon to Dowrich, no run pushed through just outside off, defended off the back foot;
17.1;?;Lyon to Dowrich, no run blocked to the right of short leg;
16.6;?;Johnson to Hope, no run good length, comes in with the angle on off, solidly blocked;
16.5;?;Johnson to Hope, no run fuller in length and angled in, might have been a cutter, grips in the pitch and stops on the batsman. He pokes and gets an outside edge that does not carry to the cordon;
16.4;?;Johnson to Hope, no run good length and attacking off, Hope's straight bat internvenes;
16.3;?;Johnson to Hope, no run angled in fullish on off, blocked to the covers;
16.2;1;Johnson to Dowrich, 1 run back of a length and outside off, steered to the covers;
16.1;?;Johnson to Dowrich, no run hurled in very full and outside off, Dowrich attempts a loose drive and is beaten soundly. Playing away from the body..;
15.6;4;Lyon to Hope, FOUR runs another pleasing cover-drive, this time from Hopes. Similar ball from Lyon, floats it up outside off, caressed past the covers;
15.5;3;Lyon to Dowrich, 3 runs overpitched and outside off. Dowrich leans forward and drives it sweetly past the covers as he opens his account with three;
15.4;?;Lyon to Dowrich, no run pushed through and spins in, Dowrich is caught in a tangle but keeps it out;
15.3;?;Lyon to Dowrich, no run skiddy ball on off, hurries on. Touched to short leg;
15.2;?;Lyon to Dowrich, no run nice offbreak on off, carefully defended;
15.1;W;Lyon to Bravo, OUT taken at slip. Sharp, sharp catch.. Tossed up, drifting in and turning away outside off, Bravo hangs on the back foot and pushes at it. All he manages is a thick edge, which is grasped by Clarke, diving low to his left and plucking it inches from the turf. One-hander! Perhaps, Bravo should have been forward to it..;Darren Bravo c Clarke b Lyon 19 (43m 26b 3x4 0x6) SR: 73.07;
14.6;?;Starc to Hope, no run banged in short and tucks up Hope for room. He fends it onto the pitch;
14.5;1;Starc to Bravo, 1 run Warner dives to his right from mid-off and stops the ball. Full and outside off, driven sweetly but can't beat Warner;
14.4;4;Starc to Bravo, FOUR runs 140.5ks, Bravo uses the pace of Starc and helps this stray leg-side ball on its way. Glanced away fine;
14.3;?;Starc to Bravo, no run short and on the hips, blocked to short midwicket with a closed face;
14.2;2;Starc to Bravo, 2 runs 141.6ks inducker on middle, clipped away towards mid-on, where mid-on comes forward, fumbles and lets it through for a couple. Johnson, the culprit there;
14.1;?;Starc to Bravo, no run pitched up and curves in a touch on middle, pushed back to the bowler;
13.6;?;Lyon to Hope, no run flighted on off, defended off the front foot;
13.5;1;Lyon to Bravo, 1 run quicker and straightens on middle, poked past short leg off an inside edge;
13.4;1;Lyon to Hope, 1 run looped up outside off, Lyon gives this more air. Hope presses forward and drives it to the covers;
13.3;?;Lyon to Hope, no run too full and on a fourth-stump line, pushed back to Lyon;
13.2;?;Lyon to Hope, no run spinning in on off with extra bounce on off, handled off the back foot;
13.1;1;Lyon to Bravo, 1 run pushed through on the pads, flicked through backward square leg;
12.6;?;Starc to Hope, no run back of a length and on off, blocked off the back foot, Starc stretches his left hand and tops the ball;
12.5;?;Starc to Hope, no run short now, leaps outside off, Hope hops up and gets an inner edge onto the thigh;
12.4;?;Starc to Hope, no run Starc reverts to the fuller length just a shade outside off, Hope's bat comes down at an angle, he is beaten comprehensively. It almost shaved the off stump, again;
12.3;?;Starc to Hope, no run Starc bangs in a bouncer outside off, Hope sinks under it and lets it through to Haddin;
12.2;2;Starc to Hope, 2 runs full and pushed wide outside off again, Hope chases it and drives it past the covers, though it was not well-timed;
12.1;4;Starc to Hope, FOUR runs pitched up and outside of, Hope reaches out for a cover-drive and gets an inner edge that misses the off stump by a whisker and runs away fine;
11.6;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run back of a length and outside off, Bravo does not want any of it;
11.5;4;Hazlewood to Bravo, FOUR runs dispatched with consummate authority. Dug in short and outside off, sits up to be hit. Bravo has ample time to shift his balance onto the back foot and pull it over and over midwicket;
11.4;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run full and outside off, forward and driven straight to short cover;
11.3;4;Hazlewood to Bravo, FOUR runs 140.1ks, overpitched and on off, Bravo leans forward and crunches a drive through mid-off. Whistles away to the boundary;
11.2;2;Hazlewood to Bravo, 2 runs Bravo gets off the mark after 14 balls. Back of a length and outside off, he pushes away from the body and squirts it in the gap between gully and backward point;
11.1;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run another shout for caught behind... Not give. Pitched up and nipping away outside off, just past the outside edge. The sound may have come from the bat brushing the pad;
10.6;?;Starc to Hope, no run good length and outside off, dabbed gently towards point;
10.5;?;Starc to Hope, no run another of those top short balls, this one sails over the leg stump to Haddin. Muffled appeal from Haddin, it is turned down Hope belatedly ducked under it.;
10.4;?;Starc to Hope, no run Starc pitches it very full. Angling away outside off, left alone;
10.3;?;Starc to Hope, no run Haddin goes up for a caught-behind appeal. Umpire Dar does not budge. Short and outside off, Hope aims to pull/hoick it to leg, the ball brushes the thigh en route to Haddin;
10.2;?;Starc to Hope, no run back of a length and top-of-off line, played up to the covers;
10.1;2;Starc to Hope, 2 runs pitched up and outside off, encourages a drive. Hope drives it through vacant mid-off as there was no lateral movement here. The man from the covers gives the chase and limits it to two;

Square leg slides back...
 Innings Start
4:12pm: Voges raises his bat again. The record last-wicket stand, also the biggest of the Test so far, has lifted Australia's lead to 170. West Indies have a tall task ahead...




Badar: "Voges' dream debut shows how strong Australia's first class structure is and just how competitive it is there."
106.6;W;Samuels to Hazlewood, OUT Samuels is relieved. Australia have been bowled out for 318. Slides on with the arm on middle, breaches the defence of Hazlewood, sneaks through the gate and clatters into middle. Hazlewood has been dismissed for the first time in Tests;Josh Hazlewood b Samuels 39 (113m 87b 5x4 1x6) SR: 44.82;
106.5;?;Samuels to Hazlewood, no run floated up on middle and leg, ran back to the bowler;
106.4;1;Samuels to Voges, 1 run keeps it short on middle, Voges controls a pull to deep midwicket;
106.3;1;Samuels to Hazlewood, 1 run short and wide outside off, cut away. The man at the covers dives to his right and stops the ball;
106.2;?;Samuels to Hazlewood, no run full and on middle, patted back to the bowler;
106.1;1;Samuels to Voges, 1 run dragged short and down leg, semi-paddled and semi-pulled to long leg;
105.6;?;Bishoo to Hazlewood, no run Bishoo slows this up on middle, defended gingerly with bat and pad close together;
105.5;?;Bishoo to Hazlewood, no run fuller and around off, Hazlewood dead-bats it;
105.4;?;Bishoo to Hazlewood, no run flighted and on off, he manages an inside edge towards short leg;
105.3;1;Bishoo to Voges, 1 run flatter and turns away outside off, Voges goes on the back foot as he punches it to deep cover;
105.2;?;Bishoo to Voges, no run fuller and on off, driven to mid-off;
105.1;?;Bishoo to Voges, no run flighted on middle, defended;
104.6;?;Samuels to Hazlewood, no run extra lift outside off, Hazlwood cuts and can't connect;
104.5;?;Samuels to Hazlewood, no run slid through outside off, turns away. Left alone;
104.4;?;Samuels to Hazlewood, no run overpitched outside off, he goes hard on the drive and jams it to short cover;
104.3;?;Samuels to Hazlewood, no run pushed through on middle and leg, knocked in front of midwicket;
104.2;4;Samuels to Hazlewood, FOUR runs full and outside off, Hazlewood presses forward and drives it impressively to the right of mid-off. Good timing;
104.1;?;Samuels to Hazlewood, no run pitched on off and spins away. He pokes and misses;
103.6;?;Bishoo to Voges, no run fired outside off, turns away. Voges succeeds in cutting but finds extra-cover;
103.5;?;Bishoo to Voges, no run pushed through and spinning across off, beaten on the cut;
103.4;?;Bishoo to Voges, no run flighted legbreak, blocked towards point off the front foot;
103.3;?;Bishoo to Voges, no run looped up on off, driven to the left of the bowler;
103.2;?;Bishoo to Voges, no run straight ball, blocked back to Bishoo;
103.1;?;Bishoo to Voges, no run flighted on middle and leg, nudged to short midwicket;
102.6;?;Samuels to Hazlewood, no run flat and quick, punched to mid-off after going on the back foot;
102.5;?;Samuels to Hazlewood, no run short and wide outside off, he can't cut it away. Beaten;
102.4;?;Samuels to Hazlewood, no run slides on outside off with extra lift, ignored;
102.3;?;Samuels to Hazlewood, no run flighted, blocked on off;
102.2;?;Samuels to Hazlewood, no run pushed across off, slips past the outside edge;
102.1;?;Samuels to Hazlewood, no run pushed through on middle, Hazlewood stays back and blocks it to leg;
101.6;?;Bishoo to Voges, no run pitched up and outside off, driven back to the bowler;
101.5;?;Bishoo to Voges, no run flighted on off, Voges looks to drive and gets an inside edge to leg;
101.4;?;Bishoo to Voges, no run fuller and on the stumps, defended to the leg side;
101.3;?;Bishoo to Voges, no run Bishoo wraps it up, the West Indian players shake hands with Voges. Umpire Dar gives it out but Voges reviews. His front foot is fine. Tossed up on middle, Voges can't work it away to leg and is struck on the front pad in front of middle. Pitched in line but tracker reckons that it would have turned big past the off stump;
101.2;?;Bishoo to Voges, no run full and on off, pressed back to the bowler;
101.1;?;Bishoo to Voges, no run quicker and spins away outside off, left alone;
100.6;?;Samuels to Hazlewood, no run fuller and on middle, blocked;
100.5;1;Samuels to Voges, 1 run turned to square leg for one;
100.4;?;Samuels to Voges, no run flighted on off, defended to leg;
100.3;1;Samuels to Hazlewood, 1 run poked between first and second slip as this was tossed up outside off;
100.2;?;Samuels to Hazlewood, no run dropped. Flighted and outside off, Hazlewood drives it in the air, the fielder moves to his left at short cover but spills it;
100.1;?;Samuels to Hazlewood, no run darted short and outside off, he looks for a forcing stroke and mistimes to the covers;
99.6;1;Bishoo to Hazlewood, 1 run full and dips in, milked down to long-on;
99.5;?;Bishoo to Hazlewood, no run looped up and turns it from outside off, hits Hazlewood on the front pad. Perhaps, sliding down leg;
99.4;?;Bishoo to Hazlewood, no run drifting down leg, another missed glance;
99.3;2;Bishoo to Hazlewood, 2 runs looped up and outside off, Hazlewood laces it between the mid-off and the covers. Charming stroke;
99.2;?;Bishoo to Hazlewood, no run pitched around off and spins down leg, missed glance;
99.1;1;Bishoo to Voges, 1 run flat and turning away, Voges camps back and punches it through the covers;
98.6;?;Blackwood to Hazlewood, no run length and outside off, pushed to the covers;
98.5;?;Blackwood to Hazlewood, no run darted flat and quick, kept out;
98.4;6;Blackwood to Hazlewood, SIX runs smashed the screws out of it. Fuller length and on off, Hazlewood clears his front leg and whacks it over long-on Good ol' fashioned stuff from No.11;
98.3;?;Blackwood to Hazlewood, no run fuller and on middle, blocked watchfully;
98.2;1;Blackwood to Voges, 1 run pitched short and around off, Voges shifts onto the back foot, rolls his wrists and pulls it to deep midwicket;
98.1;?;Blackwood to Voges, no run pushed through on off, Voges prods forward and blocks it to leg;
97.6;?;Samuels to Hazlewood, no run pushed through on off, Hazlewood presses forward to defend it;
97.5;?;Samuels to Hazlewood, no run straight roller on middle, blocked to the off side, adjacent to the pitch;
97.4;4;Samuels to Hazlewood, FOUR runs fuller and outside off, Josh Hazlewood lays into a good-looking drive, hits the gap between mid-off and the covers. Proper shot..;
97.3;?;Samuels to Hazlewood, no run slid through on middle, pushed to the covers;
97.2;?;Samuels to Hazlewood, no run length on off, punched to mid-off;
97.1;?;Samuels to Hazlewood, no run flat and on middle, tapped to midwicket;
96.6;4;Blackwood to Voges, FOUR runs half-tracker on off, and banished to the boundary. Voges rocks back, unleashes a pull to the deep square leg fence;
96.5;?;Blackwood to Voges, no run quicker and on a fourth-stump line, blocked off the back foot;
96.4;1;Blackwood to Hazlewood, 1 run clipped off the pads to deep backward square leg;
96.3;?;Blackwood to Hazlewood, no run darted outside off, mishit to mid-off;
96.2;?;Blackwood to Hazlewood, no run full on middle, pushed back to the bowler;
96.1;?;Blackwood to Hazlewood, no run straighter on middle, blocked with bat-pad close together;
95.6;2;Samuels to Voges, 2 runs length around off, down the track and swiped over midwicket;
95.5;?;Samuels to Voges, no run flatter and spins in outside off, Voges loads up for a pull and toe-ends it to the off side, adjacent to the pitch;
95.4;1;Samuels to Hazlewood, 1 run fired on the pads, helped to backward square leg;
95.3;1;Samuels to Voges, 1 run flat and outside off, punched down to long-off off the back foot for one;
95.2;?;Samuels to Voges, no run another one outside off, Voges does not bother with it;
95.1;?;Samuels to Voges, no run pushed through, wide line outside off, left alone calmly;
94.6;?;Blackwood to Hazlewood, no run straight ball on middle and leg, clipped to midwicket, straight to the fielder;
94.5;1;Blackwood to Voges, 1 run darted short and outside off, pulled away to deep midwicket;
94.4;?;Blackwood to Voges, no run fuller and on off, he gets forward and works to leg;
94.3;1;Blackwood to Hazlewood, 1 run leg-stumpish ball, which is picked away behind square on the leg side;
94.2;?;Blackwood to Hazlewood, no run pushed through on middle and turns away past the uncertain prod;
94.1;1;Blackwood to Voges, 1 run half-flicked and half-pulled behind square;
93.6;1;Samuels to Voges, 1 run dragged shortish and outside off, cut firmly to deep midwicket;
93.5;?;Samuels to Voges, no run paddled from outside off to backward point;
93.4;?;Samuels to Voges, no run flat and darted outside off, left alone;
93.3;?;Samuels to Voges, no run extra bounce and turns in around off, Voges shapes to flick and gets an inside edge onto the thigh;
93.2;?;Samuels to Voges, no run spins in on off, clipped to the right of midwicket off the back foot;
93.1;?;Samuels to Voges, no run slides on outside off, Voges lets it pass;
92.6;?;Taylor to Hazlewood, no run short and on off, Hazlewood sets up for a cut, ends up chopping it towards point;
92.5;?;Taylor to Hazlewood, no run back of a length and on off, Hazlewood yanks his bottom hand off the handle as he taps it behind point;
92.4;4;Taylor to Hazlewood, FOUR runs good length and outside off, Hazlewood kitchen-sinks it past the covers for four;
92.3;?;Taylor to Hazlewood, no run full and on middle, worked to mid-on;
92.2;4;Taylor to Hazlewood, FOUR runs dragged short and outside off, Hazlewood ramps it up and over backward point. Nicely done..;
92.1;?;Taylor to Hazlewood, no run short of a length and outside off, pushed to the covers;
91.6;4;Samuels to Voges, FOUR runs parcelled up and dispatched. Samuels errs short on off, Voges lates onto it as he switches onto the back foot and pulls it in front of square;
91.5;?;Samuels to Voges, no run flat and darted outside off, chopped to point;
91.4;?;Samuels to Voges, no run picks it from outside off and tucks it to midwicket;
91.3;?;Samuels to Voges, no run slid through, patted back to the bowler;
91.2;?;Samuels to Voges, no run pushed to the leg side off the back foot;
91.1;?;Samuels to Voges, no run tossed up on off, forward defence;
90.6;2;Taylor to Hazlewood, 2 runs full and outside off, Hazlewood now flashes a drive to the left of the man diving at the covers, beats mid-off to his right;
90.5;1;Taylor to Voges, 1 run slower cutter outside off, Voges does not hold back. He slices it over the man at mid-off. Samuels runs back but can't get there;
90.4;4;Taylor to Voges, FOUR runs fuller and on off, muscled away to the right of mid-on. Smashed away to the boundary... Voges showing his range in Dominica;
90.3;?;Taylor to Voges, no run good length and outside off, stops on the batsman. Check-driven in front of mid-off;
90.2;?;Taylor to Voges, no run banged in short and on middle, swivel-pullled to long leg;
90.1;?;Taylor to Voges, no run full and down leg, he misses the flick and takes it on the pad. The lbw is turned down as this was sliding down leg;
89.6;1;Bishoo to Voges, 1 run paddled fine on the leg side from a middle-stump line;
89.5;?;Bishoo to Voges, no run full and on middle, clipped to short midwicket;
89.4;?;Bishoo to Voges, no run darted quick outside off, forced past the covers;
89.3;?;Bishoo to Voges, no run dropped short and on middle, Voges pull and strikes short leg on the shin pad. Ouch! That would have hurt;
89.2;?;Bishoo to Voges, no run slid through outside off, chopped feebly to the covers;
89.1;1;Bishoo to Hazlewood, 1 run fuller and turns away outside off, poked out past slip;
88.6;?;Taylor to Voges, no run Hope puts it down at gully. Short and wide outside off, Voges has a crack at it, carves it in the air. Hopes leaps off his feet, gets both his hands to it but can't quite pull it off. Difficult overhead catch and the ball got to him quickly;
88.5;4;Taylor to Voges, FOUR runs dug in short and outside off, right in the pulling radar. Voges rocks back and nails it between midwicket and mid-on;
88.4;?;Taylor to Voges, no run bumper, ducked under safely;
88.3;?;Taylor to Voges, no run short of a length and on off, blocked off the back foot;
88.2;?;Taylor to Voges, no run sliding down leg, he can't pick it away;
88.1;?;Taylor to Voges, no run very full and on off, eased to the left of mid-on;
87.6;?;Holder to Hazlewood, no run full and fired on middle, dug out;
87.5;?;Holder to Hazlewood, no run back of a length and outside off, defended;
87.4;?;Holder to Hazlewood, no run short ball with enough legs on off, diffused off the back foot;
87.3;?;Holder to Hazlewood, no run pushed outside off, Hazlewood reaches out and gets beaten;
87.2;?;Holder to Hazlewood, no run whoosh and a miss outside off;
87.1;1;Holder to Voges, 1 run Hundred on debut for Voges. He takes the helmet off his head, has his hands aloft in joy. Hazlewood hugs his partner, Voges swings his bat. The Aussie dressing room is on its feet. Great moment for Voges. He had played 160 first-class games and had waited a long, long time for his Test debut. He reaches a century with a signature flick behind square on the on side;
86.6;?;Taylor to Hazlewood, no run fuller and attacking off, defended. Hazlewood elicits warm applause from the Aussie change room;
86.5;1;Taylor to Voges, 1 run pitched up and outside off, driven to mid-off. A fumble results in a single. Voges moves on to 99;
86.4;6;Taylor to Voges, SIX runs slammed for a six. First six for Voges. Length and on off, Voges sizes it up and pastes it over wide long-on. The lead crosses 100 as well;
86.3;2;Taylor to Voges, 2 runs fuller and on middle, might have been slower in pace. Voges loads up for a big blow, ends up skewing it up and over Holder at mid-on;
86.2;?;Taylor to Voges, no run banged in short, mishit pull in front of square on the leg side;
86.1;2;Taylor to Voges, 2 runs back of a length and outside off, sloppy work from Bishoo. He lets the ball through him at the covers. Cracked away;
85.6;?;Holder to Hazlewood, no run back of a length and leaps outside off, Hazlewood survives. He hangs his bat out and gets beaten;
85.5;1;Holder to Voges, 1 run dug in on a short length and outside off, Voges leans back and cuts it to the right of deep third man for one;
85.4;?;Holder to Voges, no run slippery bouncer outside off, he goes for a cross-batted swipe and misses;
85.3;?;Holder to Voges, no run pitched up and on off, drilled back at the bowler, through the fingers and long-off hunts it down;
85.2;4;Holder to Voges, FOUR runs overpitched and deposited to the right of long-on. Voges gets under it and slugs it to cow corner;
85.1;?;Holder to Voges, no run fullish and on off, pushed back to the bowler;
84.6;?;Gabriel to Hazlewood, no run near yorker outside off, squeezed out behind point;
84.5;?;Gabriel to Hazlewood, no run bouncer and on middle, Hazlewood fends it to leg;
84.4;1;Gabriel to Voges, 1 run good length and around off, pushed towards third man for one;
84.3;?;Gabriel to Voges, no run picked away off the pads to deep midwicket. Turns down the single;
84.2;?;Gabriel to Voges, no run back of a length and outside off, cut to deep backward point and Voges keeps strike;
84.1;?;Gabriel to Voges, no run full and on middle, pushed down the ground to mid-on;
83.6;1;Holder to Voges, 1 run good strike. Full and wide outside off, drilled to the left of mid-off. The fielder runs back, chases and hauls it in. They get three just one...;
83.5;?;Holder to Voges, no run low full toss, dips late outside off. Jammed into the hands of gully with an angled bat. The umpires converge and go to the TV umpire. It looked like a bump ball to naked eye. Holder has a particle of his heel behind the crease. Played into the ground and lobs to gully. Bump ball it is... NOT OUT flashes on the big screen;
83.4;?;Holder to Voges, no run shortish and rises outside off, beats Voges on the attempted cut;
83.3;?;Holder to Voges, no run good length and outside off, swing and a miss;
83.2;?;Holder to Voges, no run full and outside outside off, Voges swishes a drive to mid-off, finds the fielder;
83.1;2;Holder to Voges, 2 runs full and snakes in, clipped away behind square leg. Voges wants two, struggles but makes it;
82.6;?;Gabriel to Hazlewood, no run full and on the stumps, driven ram-rod straight, so much so it hits the stumps at the non-strikers';
82.5;?;Gabriel to Hazlewood, no run another steepler, Hazlewood watches it all along and sinks under it;
82.4;?;Gabriel to Hazlewood, no run Hazlewood takes his eyes off it and is smacked flush on the grille of the helmet. Banged in short, does not climb much. He takes it eyes off it and takes a blow on the helmet;
82.3;?;Gabriel to Hazlewood, no run bumper down leg, Hazlewood ducks under it;
82.2;?;Gabriel to Hazlewood, no run yorker swerves in on middle and leg, dug out;
82.1;1;Gabriel to Voges, 1 run dug in short and wide outside off, slapped off the back foot to deep point. Blackwood runs across swiftly from sweeper cover and limits it to one;
81.6;?;Holder to Hazlewood, no run pitched up and outside off, wristy little drive to the right of mid-off. Proper shot;
81.5;?;Holder to Hazlewood, no run banged in short and whizzes off the deck outside off, Hazlewood can't ramp it over. Ramdin leaps off his feet and collects the ball;
81.4;?;Holder to Hazlewood, no run back of a length and ducks back in on the leg stump, Hazlewood backs away and then keeps it out;
81.3;?;Holder to Hazlewood, no run fuller length and on middle, Hazlewood steps away and quietly pushes it back to the bowler;
81.2;?;Holder to Hazlewood, no run good length and lifts on middle and leg with extra zip, fended towards point. A puff of dust off the surface....;
81.1;?;Holder to Hazlewood, no run good length and on the leg stump, tucked up for room. Blocked back to the bowler;
80.6;?;Gabriel to Voges, no run hurled full and outside off, Voges can't squeeze it out;
80.5;?;Gabriel to Voges, no run fuller and on off, tapped to the covers;
80.5;1w;Gabriel to Voges, 1 wide sprays this miles wide outside off, Ramdin dives across and pouches the ball in front of first slip. Wide called;
80.4;1;Gabriel to Hazlewood, 1 run fuller and on middle and leg, competently flicked through midwicket;
80.3;?;Gabriel to Hazlewood, no run good length and outside off, pushed defensively to off side off the back foot;
80.2;?;Gabriel to Hazlewood, no run picked away off the pads, smart diving save by Samuels at square leg. He flung to his left and stopped the ball;
80.1;1;Gabriel to Voges, 1 run banged in short and outside off, Voges controls a pull to deep square leg. Voges places faith in Hazlewood;
79.6;?;Bishoo to Hazlewood, no run drifting down leg, touched to leg-slip;
79.5;?;Bishoo to Hazlewood, no run pitched up and outside off, driven to mid-off;
79.4;?;Bishoo to Hazlewood, no run blocked back to the bowler;
79.3;?;Bishoo to Hazlewood, no run spins in from outside off, Hazlewood pads up to it, not given as this was sliding down leg. Bishoo looking to exploit the rough outside off;
79.2;?;Bishoo to Hazlewood, no run attacks the leg stump, off the pad to leg;
79.1;?;Bishoo to Hazlewood, no run spins in, takes the pad and sneaks to leg slip;
78.6;1;Gabriel to Hazlewood, 1 run on a length and on the leg stump, pushed to the left of mid-on. They cross over for a single;
78.5;4;Gabriel to Hazlewood, FOUR runs banged short and wide outside off, Hazlewood arches back and carves it up and over gully. Deliberately done by No.11;
78.4;?;Gabriel to Hazlewood, no run good length and angled in on middle, blocked;
78.3;4b;Gabriel to Hazlewood, 4 byes full toss outside off, dips in front of the keeper and sneaks away in the gap between Ramdin and first slip. Welcome runs for Australia. The ball may have slipped out of Gabriel's hand. He apologises straightaway;
78.2;W;Gabriel to Lyon, OUT an appeal for lbw and the forefinger goes up. Lyon wants a review. Gabriel's footing is fine. Full and tails in on middle, smacks him on the front pad as Lyon can't connect with a flick after shuffling across. It would have clipped leg and Lyon has to depart. The on-field call from umpire Richard Kettleborough is vindicated. Handy little contribution from Lyon.. and finally a wicket for a quick bowler;Nathan Lyon lbw b Gabriel 22 (53m 50b 3x4 0x6) SR: 44;
78.1;?;Gabriel to Lyon, no run indipper from Gabriel. Lyon was late on the defensive push. Gabriel shoots through the bat-pad gap. It did keep low and Gabriel has one hand on his head..;
77.6;1;Bishoo to Lyon, 1 run flighted and on middle, turns away, Lyon aims for a sweep and top-edges it towards where short fine leg may have been. Slip runs across but the ball eludes his reach;
77.5;4;Bishoo to Lyon, FOUR runs low full toss on off, slugged away to the deep midwicket boundary with a slog sweep. Deep square leg can't get there in time;
77.4;?;Bishoo to Lyon, no run flighted and on off, the ball rolls towards point off an outside edge;
77.3;?;Bishoo to Lyon, no run fuller and on off, spins in. Googly, poked back to the bowler;
77.2;?;Bishoo to Lyon, no run flat and turning away outside off, left alone;
77.1;?;Bishoo to Lyon, no run pushed through and spins away outside off, Lyon can't steer it away;
76.6;?;Samuels to Voges, no run full on off, he strides forward and blocks cautiously;
76.5;2;Samuels to Voges, 2 runs darted flat on the leg stump, Voges tickles it towards fine leg. Came off the inner edge;
76.4;2;Samuels to Voges, 2 runs flatter and on middle, goes back and steers it past leg slip;
76.3;?;Samuels to Voges, no run flighted on off, Voges comes forward and smothers it;
76.2;2lb;Samuels to Voges, 2 leg byes fuller and on middle and leg, he sinks to one knee for a sweep, misses. Off the pad and sneaks away fine on the leg side;
76.1;?;Samuels to Voges, no run spins on off as Samuels targets the rough, defended off the front foot;
75.6;?;Bishoo to Lyon, no run looped up and slow on off, run away towards point;
75.5;?;Bishoo to Lyon, no run tapped to the off side;
75.4;?;Bishoo to Lyon, no run beaten again! Tossed up on off and spins across as Lyon goes for a big slog-sweep and only connects only with thin air;
75.3;?;Bishoo to Lyon, no run Lyon leans back and chops it to the covers;
75.2;?;Bishoo to Lyon, no run Bishoo pitches this on off and gets it to turn away, beats the outside edge. That was too good for Lyon;
75.1;?;Bishoo to Lyon, no run lobs it up full on off, Lyon drives it to mid-on;
74.6;?;Samuels to Voges, no run flighted on off, Voges prods forward and manages an inside edge that rolls away in front of square leg;
74.5;1;Samuels to Lyon, 1 run succeeds now as Lyon sweeps it wide of leg-slip and gets off strike;
74.4;?;Samuels to Lyon, no run pushed through on off, Nathan Lyon looks to sweep, takes it on the arm, loops to leg slip;
74.3;1;Samuels to Voges, 1 run short and on off, mistimed pull to the right of midwicket;
74.2;?;Samuels to Voges, no run flatter in trajectory, defended back to the bowler;
74.1;?;Samuels to Voges, no run pushed through outside off, blocked back to the bowler;
73.6;?;Bishoo to Lyon, no run pushed through and spinning across off, left alone;
73.5;?;Bishoo to Lyon, no run tossed up, big turn, raps Lyon on the front pad as he swishes at it. Pitched outside leg;
73.4;?;Bishoo to Lyon, no run blocked towards the cover;
73.3;?;Bishoo to Lyon, no run looped up and drifts on leg, Lyon looks to flick and gets a leading edge that pops to the left of the bowler;
73.2;?;Bishoo to Lyon, no run flat and turning away, ignored;
73.1;?;Bishoo to Lyon, no run flatter and spinning away, bottom-edges a cut to off;
72.6;?;Samuels to Voges, no run fuller and on off, Voges looks to defend, ends up inside-edging it onto the pad. The ball rolls in front of the covers;
72.5;?;Samuels to Voges, no run worked to short leg;
72.4;1;Samuels to Lyon, 1 run pushed through outside off, Lyon shapes to sweep and manages a top edge over leg slip. There is a man at deep fine leg to mop it up;
72.3;?;Samuels to Lyon, no run slid through on off, touched to leg-slip off the back foot;
72.2;1;Samuels to Voges, 1 run flicked to the right of short midwicket for one;
72.1;?;Samuels to Voges, no run fuller and on off, he inches forward and defends it with bat-pad close together;
71.6;?;Taylor to Lyon, no run fuller and on off, pushed to short midwicket after closing the face of the bat;
71.5;1lb;Taylor to Voges, 1 leg bye full and tails in on the pads, he falls over the flick and takes it on the back pad, but this was snaking down leg;
71.4;2;Taylor to Voges, 2 runs change-up ball. Full and wide, outside off, slower in pace. Voges reaches out and drives it past the covers;
71.3;?;Taylor to Voges, no run a tad overpitched and outside off, Voges drills a drive and finds mid-off;
71.2;?;Taylor to Voges, no run back of a length and outside off, Voges keeps back and punchily blocks it to the covers;
71.1;?;Taylor to Voges, no run fullish and bends in a bit on off, Voges answers with a compact defence;
70.6;?;Samuels to Lyon, no run spinning in on middle, Lyon shuffles across and deflects it to short fine leg;
70.5;4;Samuels to Lyon, FOUR runs fuller and on middle, Lyon seeks to sweep it away, gets a top edge over backward square leg, beats the man who is squarer in the deep;
70.4;?;Samuels to Lyon, no run quicker and turns in on off, Lyon ventures deep in the crease to block again;
70.3;?;Samuels to Lyon, no run spins in on off, Lyon rocks back to defend;
70.2;1;Samuels to Voges, 1 run darted short on leg, pulled away in front of square;
70.1;?;Samuels to Voges, no run sliding down leg, misses the flick;
69.6;1;Taylor to Voges, 1 run back of a length and outside off, knocked to the covers. The fielder fumbles and helps Australia's cause;
69.5;?;Taylor to Voges, no run pitched up and swerves in on off, Voges gets forward and bunts it to mid-on;
69.4;?;Taylor to Voges, no run fractionally short and outside off, Voges rides it to point;
69.3;?;Taylor to Voges, no run good length and outside off, Voges comes on the front foot and steers it to point;
69.2;2;Taylor to Voges, 2 runs short and wide outside off, chopped past the cordon to third man;
69.1;?;Taylor to Voges, no run too full and straight, tucked to square leg;
68.6;?;Samuels to Lyon, no run spins in on off with extra lift again, Lyon keeps back and gets an inside edge onto the thigh;
68.5;?;Samuels to Lyon, no run pushed through on off, Lyon gets an inside edge onto the pad;
68.4;?;Samuels to Lyon, no run pushed through on off with extra bounce, hr prods at it off the back foot, pops in front of short leg, who is deeper than noramal;
68.3;2;Samuels to Lyon, 2 runs Lyon aims for a sweep and top-edges it fine on the leg side;
68.2;2;Samuels to Lyon, 2 runs fuller and on off, Lyon takes the aerial route and mis-hits a flick over midwicket. Blackwood runs back, gives the chase and keeps it to two;
68.1;?;Samuels to Lyon, no run darted flat on off, kept out off the back foot;
67.6;1;Taylor to Lyon, 1 run I guess that reversed in on off, Lyon tucks it away behind square on the leg side;
67.5;?;Taylor to Lyon, no run fuller and on off, Lyon closes his bat face and toe-ends a flick to short midwicket;
67.4;?;Taylor to Lyon, no run full and angled in, Lyon shuffles across off to defend to leg;
67.3;?;Taylor to Lyon, no run Taylor loses his radar and veers down leg;
67.2;?;Taylor to Lyon, no run back of a length and just outside off, Lyon tips forward and pushes it to the covers;
67.1;?;Taylor to Lyon, no run good length and on off, turned to the right of short midwicket;
66.6;2;Samuels to Voges, 2 runs fullish and on off, twirls his wrists and flicks to the right of mid-on;
66.5;?;Samuels to Voges, no run pushed through on off, he gets forward and presses it to the covers;
66.4;1;Samuels to Lyon, 1 run nurdled off the back foot between short leg and leg-slip;
66.3;1;Samuels to Voges, 1 run hurrying ball on off, clipped into the ground, the ball loops over short leg;
66.2;?;Samuels to Voges, no run tapped to short leg again;
66.1;?;Samuels to Voges, no run quicker on off, worked off the back foot. Short leg intercepts it;
65.6;4;Bishoo to Lyon, FOUR runs freebie, full toss on middle, Lyon sinks to one knee and eases it behind square leg with a nifty sweep;
65.5;?;Bishoo to Lyon, no run flatter and on off, blocked off the back foot;
65.4;?;Bishoo to Lyon, no run misses the sweep, takes it on the body;
65.3;?;Bishoo to Lyon, no run pitched up and on off, driven back to the bowler;
65.2;?;Bishoo to Lyon, no run pitched on off and rips away with extra lift, zooms past the outside edge;
65.1;?;Bishoo to Lyon, no run spinning across off, ignored;
64.6;?;Samuels to Voges, no run straighter and fuller, helped to short fine leg;
64.5;2;Samuels to Voges, 2 runs slid through short on off, pulled through backward square leg off the back foot;
64.4;?;Samuels to Voges, no run flighted on off, defended to short leg;
64.3;1;Samuels to Lyon, 1 run now its Lyon's turn to nudge one past leg-slip;
64.2;?;Samuels to Lyon, no run punched off the back foot to the covers;
64.1;1;Samuels to Voges, 1 run worked past leg-slip;
63.6;W;Bishoo to Starc, OUT bowled'em, through the gate. 50th Test wicket for Bishoo and it has Ambrose clapping. He has his man now. Bishoo gives this ample air outside off, flighted into the rough, Starc goes for an almighty swish and does not connect. Bishoo beats the inside edge and knocks Starc over.;Mitchell Starc b Bishoo 0 (3m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
63.5;?;Bishoo to Starc, no run bat-pad catch. The on-field call is not out. West Indies want to challenge the decision. Bishoo has some part of his heel behind the crease. Looped up and spins in, Starc misses the defensive push, the ball kisses the pad and loops to short leg, who hurls himself forward to pouch it. Daylight gap between the bat and ball. The review ends in vain. They check for a lbw call, but this was slipping down leg;
63.4;W;Bishoo to Johnson, OUT pushed through flatter and turns in, Johnson goes down on one knee and sets up for a sweep but has to settle with a top edge that balloons to short fine leg. Bishoo claims his fifth;Mitchell Johnson c Samuels b Bishoo 20 (69m 59b 1x4 0x6) SR: 33.89;
63.3;?;Bishoo to Johnson, no run flat and fired outside off, he goes for a big slog-sweep but does not connect and takes it on his body;
63.2;?;Bishoo to Johnson, no run pushed through at 88.5ks, blocked;
63.1;?;Bishoo to Johnson, no run pushed through on off, defended;
62.6;2;Samuels to Voges, 2 runs chance.. Dropped short on off, Voges rocks back and aims for a pull. Blackwood dives across to his right, gets both hands onto the ball but can't cling on. It was a tough chance;
62.5;1;Samuels to Johnson, 1 run worked behind square leg off the pads for one;
62.4;?;Samuels to Johnson, no run straighter on middle, Johnson gets forward and pushes it back to the bowler;
62.3;?;Samuels to Johnson, no run good length and on middle, poked to slip with soft hands;
62.2;?;Samuels to Johnson, no run slid through outside off, kicks up with extra bounce. Johnson does not play;
62.1;2;Samuels to Johnson, 2 runs pushed through on middle, Johnson sinks to one knee and top-edges the attempted slog-sweep to vacant short fine leg;
61.6;?;Bishoo to Voges, no run flighted and full, pushed defensively towards mid-off;
61.5;?;Bishoo to Voges, no run Bishoo gets impressive turn with some extra bounce. He goes on the back foot and misses the pull;
61.4;?;Bishoo to Voges, no run straight ball on middle, pushed back to the bowler;
61.3;4;Bishoo to Voges, FOUR runs dropped short on off, dispatched. Voges rocks back and pulls it up and over midwicket;
61.2;?;Bishoo to Voges, no run slid through on off, Voges offers a dead bat;
61.1;?;Bishoo to Voges, no run flat and darted outside off, chopped to the covers;
60.6;2;Samuels to Johnson, 2 runs flighted and just a shade outside off, leaving Johnson prodding. Takes the outside edge and sneaks away to the left of lone slip;
60.5;?;Samuels to Johnson, no run tossed up on middle, blocked to silly-point;
60.4;1;Samuels to Voges, 1 run tucked in front of square on the leg side;
60.3;4;Samuels to Voges, FOUR runs shortish and spins in on off, Voges gets into position and pulls it strongly, sending it to the backward square leg fence for a maiden Test fifty;
60.2;2;Samuels to Voges, 2 runs veering down leg, helped to long leg with a sweep;
60.1;?;Samuels to Voges, no run spins in on off, worked to the leg side;
59.6;?;Bishoo to Johnson, no run pushed through on off, pressed to the off side;
59.5;?;Bishoo to Johnson, no run flatter and fired outside off, he loads up for a slog-sweep and does not connect;
59.4;?;Bishoo to Johnson, no run tossed up and spins in from outside off, catches Johnson on the pad. Hit high and the lbw appeal is turned down by Umpire Dar;
59.3;?;Bishoo to Johnson, no run rank long hop down leg, swatted away to backward square leg. Poor ball and that should have been put away;
59.2;2b;Bishoo to Johnson, 2 byes spinning down leg, beats the batsman, beats the keeper and beats leg-slip as well;
59.1;1;Bishoo to Voges, 1 run flat and quick outside off, he rocks back and cuts it to sweeper cover;
58.6;?;Samuels to Johnson, no run quicker and outside off, turns past the groping bat of Johnson;
58.5;?;Samuels to Johnson, no run straight ball on middle, blocked back to the bowler;
58.4;3b;Samuels to Voges, 3 byes spins down the leg side, Voges seeks to flick it away, can't connect. The keeper is beaten as well;
58.3;1;Samuels to Johnson, 1 run Johnson takes it from outside off and slaps it away towards backward point, the fielder (Blackwood) moves to his right and fumbles;
58.2;?;Samuels to Johnson, no run tossed up and outside off, forward and driven to the left of the covers now;
58.1;?;Samuels to Johnson, no run full and outside off, driven to the right of the covers;
57.6;?;Bishoo to Voges, no run Voges strides forward and pushes it to mid-on;
57.5;?;Bishoo to Voges, no run fuller and on off, Voges answers with a dead bat;
57.4;?;Bishoo to Voges, no run pitched on off, grips in the surface and turns away outside off. Left alone. Big turn;
57.3;1;Bishoo to Johnson, 1 run worked off the pads past a diving leg-slip;
57.2;?;Bishoo to Johnson, no run pitched up and on middle, driven to mid-off;
57.1;?;Bishoo to Johnson, no run pushed through on middle, Johnson gets back to keep it out;
56.6;?;Samuels to Voges, no run Samuels pulls his length back, compact defence is the response from Voges;
56.5;?;Samuels to Voges, no run extra bounce and spins in, Voges misjudges it and takes it on the pad. It nearly rolls back onto the stumps.... Voges just kicks it away in time;
56.4;?;Samuels to Voges, no run spins in on off, he prods and gets an inside edge onto the pad;
56.3;?;Samuels to Voges, no run pushed through outside off, blocked;
56.2;?;Samuels to Voges, no run full on off, Voges gets forward and offers a dead bat;
56.1;?;Samuels to Voges, no run tossed up on off, defended to leg;
55.6;?;Bishoo to Johnson, no run sharp leagbreak, spins in on middle, Johnson goes on the back foot, aims to chop it away and gets into a tangle. The ball lands in front of his feet;
55.5;?;Bishoo to Johnson, no run pushed through on the pads, turns down leg, poked off an inner edge, dies in front of leg-slip;
55.4;?;Bishoo to Johnson, no run drifting down leg;
55.3;?;Bishoo to Johnson, no run spinning down leg, Johnson camps back, does not meet with the flick and takes it on the pad;
55.2;1;Bishoo to Voges, 1 run low full toss on middle, nudged towards long leg;
55.1;?;Bishoo to Voges, no run full and on off, blocked to the covers;
54.6;2;Holder to Johnson, 2 runs full and outside off, Johnson reaches out for a drive and gets it behind point off the outer half of the bat;
54.5;1;Holder to Voges, 1 run too straight in line, picked away to long leg and Australia move into the lead;
54.4;?;Holder to Voges, no run too full and on off, jammed out towards the covers;
54.3;?;Holder to Voges, no run darted down leg, Voges can't put bat on it;
54.2;?;Holder to Voges, no run Holder ventures wide of the crease and angles it in on off, blocked carefully;
54.1;?;Holder to Voges, no run good length and angled in on off, Voges prods forward in defence;
53.6;?;Samuels to Johnson, no run steered off the back foot to point as Samuels had dragged his length back;
53.5;?;Samuels to Johnson, no run tossed up, blocked to silly point;
53.4;1;Samuels to Voges, 1 run extra bounce outside off with some turn, late-cut behind point;
53.3;?;Samuels to Voges, no run tossed up and outside off, he offers a compact defence;
53.2;?;Samuels to Voges, no run defended to short midwicket, off the front foot;
53.1;?;Samuels to Voges, no run flat and on off, blocked to short midwicket;
52.6;1;Holder to Voges, 1 run angled in full on off, eased through mid-on;
52.5;?;Holder to Voges, no run short of a length and the line is on off, diffused off the back foot;
52.4;?;Holder to Voges, no run back to the good length area, blocked off the front foot;
52.3;2;Holder to Voges, 2 runs dug in short and climbs on off, Voges rolls his wrists on the pull and beats the three fielders in the circle on leg side. Just two, though;
52.2;?;Holder to Voges, no run good length on off, forward and across in defence;
52.1;?;Holder to Voges, no run good length and on off, worked in front of midwicket;
51.6;4;Samuels to Johnson, FOUR runs up and over mid-off. Good awareness of the field. Pitched up on off, Samuels gave it more air, Johnson gets under it and hoists it over the fielder. Clean strike..;
51.5;?;Samuels to Johnson, no run punched to mid-on off the back foot;
51.4;?;Samuels to Johnson, no run flighted and on off, defended to off;
51.3;2;Samuels to Johnson, 2 runs full and outside off, leaving Johnson prodding. Takes the outside edge and runs away past the lone slip fielder;
51.2;?;Samuels to Johnson, no run extra bounce outside off, left alone;
51.1;?;Samuels to Johnson, no run angled in on middle from round the stumps, pushed back to Samuels;
50.6;?;Holder to Voges, no run stray ball, darted down leg. Agile take from Ramdin;
50.5;1;Holder to Johnson, 1 run pitched up and outside off, driven between the covers and mid-off. The latter moves to his right to cut it off;
50.4;?;Holder to Johnson, no run short and angled in on middle, blocked back to the bowler;
50.3;?;Holder to Johnson, no run full and angled outside off, Johnson goes searching for it as the ball slips past the outside edge;
50.2;?;Holder to Johnson, no run full and on middle, tapped to mid-on;
50.1;?;Holder to Johnson, no run banged in short and climbs on middle, Johnson hops and fends it down off the splice of the bat;
49.6;?;Samuels to Voges, no run flat and spinning in, forced to the right of short midwicket;
49.5;1;Samuels to Johnson, 1 run swept from middle to fine leg;
49.4;?;Samuels to Johnson, no run straight roller outside off, Johnson prods and misses;
49.3;1;Samuels to Voges, 1 run spins in from outside off on a length, worked behind square;
49.2;?;Samuels to Voges, no run fuller and on off, flicked to short midwicket;
49.1;?;Samuels to Voges, no run flat and on off, forward and defended;
48.6;?;Gabriel to Johnson, no run pitched up and outside off, lures Johnson into a loose drive. He plays away from the body with his feet paralysed to the crease and is beaten;
48.5;1;Gabriel to Voges, 1 run too full and straight, clipped away behind square on the leg side;
48.4;?;Gabriel to Voges, no run full and outside off, Voges presents a high elbow and drives sweetly. Mid-off moves to his left and hunts it down;
48.3;?;Gabriel to Voges, no run fuller length and on off, Voges inches forward and runs it back to the bowler;
48.2;?;Gabriel to Voges, no run full and outside off, Voges tips forward and pushes this to mid-off;
48.1;?;Gabriel to Voges, no run full and on a fourth-stump line, defended to the covers after pressing forward;

Shishank Dahiya: "Even a 50 run lead here is going to important."
 Innings Start
4:30pm The steadiness of Samuels and Dowrich was undone with West Indies imploding, losing their last seven wickets for 35 runs either side of tea. Starc did the damage with the second new ball, claiming four wickets and was assisted by two wickets each from Johnson, Hazlewood and Lyon.
As it stands, Australia need only 47 to take a 1-0 lead..
Rahul: "Starc ripping through the tail - what a sight - #CWC15"
85.6;W;Starc to Gabriel, OUT Boom! Starc has scythed through West Indies tail with the second new ball. The hosts have been bowled out for 216. Right in the blockhole and speared on middle, swings in late at 144ks, Gabriel plays all around and does not connect. Deflection off the pad and Starc clatters the middle stump..;Shannon Gabriel b Starc 0 (2m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
85.5;W;Starc to Bishoo, OUT Timber... Very full, comes in with the angle at 143.3ks, shoots through the gate and hits the leg stump. Bishoo was crease-bound, lazily pushing at that one;Devendra Bishoo b Starc 1 (23m 15b 0x4 0x6) SR: 6.66;
85.4;1;Starc to Holder, 1 run too full and straight, flicked through backward square leg;
85.3;1;Starc to Bishoo, 1 run short and outside off, Bishoo rises with it and taps it past the covers to open his account;
85.2;?;Starc to Bishoo, no run whoosh and a miss to a short, wide ball;
85.1;?;Starc to Bishoo, no run back of a length and on middle, Bishoo prods halfway forward to defend;
84.6;?;Hazlewood to Holder, no run Hazlewood continues to explore the channel of uncertainty, Holder shoulders arms;
84.5;?;Hazlewood to Holder, no run wide line outside off, no shot offered;
84.4;?;Hazlewood to Holder, no run Holder takes a couple of paces forward, Hazlewood pulls his length back and gets it to curve away outside off, beating the outside edge;
84.3;?;Hazlewood to Holder, no run full with away movement outside off, Holder does not bother with it;
84.2;?;Hazlewood to Holder, no run inducker now from Hazlewood, Holder watches it through to Haddin;
84.1;?;Hazlewood to Holder, no run pitched up and swerves away outside off, ignored;
83.6;?;Starc to Bishoo, no run 141.5ks, inswinging yorker on middle, Bishoo falls over, misses and is struck on the back leg. The on-field call is not out. The tracker shows that it had pitched outside leg. Good call from umpire Richard Kettleborough;
83.5;?;Starc to Bishoo, no run pitched outside off and swings away further, it does not interest Bishoo;
83.4;?;Starc to Bishoo, no run steepler down leg, Bishoo gets out of the way as he semi-ducks;
83.3;?;Starc to Bishoo, no run pitched up and attacking off, Bishoo covers up in defence;
83.2;?;Starc to Bishoo, no run fired down leg, good take from Haddin;
83.1;?;Starc to Bishoo, no run full tempter outside off, Bisho edges it but it does not carry to Hadin;
82.6;4;Johnson to Holder, FOUR runs short and climbs outside off, Holder seeks to hook it away and ends up top-edging it over Haddin for a fortunate four;
82.5;?;Johnson to Holder, no run good length, angled in on off, Holder pushes and the inside edge sneaks away in front of square on the leg side;
82.4;?;Johnson to Holder, no run angled in outside off from round the stumps, ignored;
82.3;?;Johnson to Holder, no run bouncer down leg, ducked under. Haddin does not collect it cleanly;
82.2;?;Johnson to Holder, no run pitched up and nibbling away outside off, Holder shoulders arms;
82.1;4;Johnson to Holder, FOUR runs low full toss wide outside off, sliced past a diving gully for four;
81.6;?;Starc to Bishoo, no run left alone outside off;
81.5;?;Starc to Bishoo, no run back of a length and zipping through outside off, Bishoo does not bother with it;
81.4;?;Starc to Bishoo, no run on a length and swinging away outside off, ignored;
81.3;?;Starc to Bishoo, no run full and bending away wide outside off, Bishoo belatedly swishes his bat away;
81.2;?;Starc to Bishoo, no run short and on middle, blocked off the back foot;
81.1;W;Starc to Taylor, OUT big shout for lbw, given out by umpire Richard Kettleborough.. Very full and swings back in on off at 140.8ks, Taylor is rooted to the crease as he fails to jam out the defence. Smacked on the back pad in front of middle and off. He does not want to challenge the decision and walks off for a duck. It looked pretty plumb..;Jerome Taylor lbw b Starc 0 (6m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
80.6;?;Johnson to Holder, no run length and on the hips, tucked to square leg;
80.5;?;Johnson to Holder, no run much wider outside off, Holder looks for an expansive drive and does not connect;
80.4;?;Johnson to Holder, no run dug in short on middle, dabbed to the off side;
80.3;?;Johnson to Holder, no run pitched up and outside off, Holder drives and finds the man at cover;
80.2;?;Johnson to Holder, no run full and outside off, driven straight to the covers;
80.1;?;Johnson to Holder, no run fractionally short and outside off, beats the outside edge;
79.6;W;Lyon to Ramdin, OUT played on.. Lyon is mobbed by his team-mates.. Flatter and spins back in on off, Ramdin goes on the back foot, pushes with an angled bat and drags it back onto the leg stump;Denesh Ramdin b Lyon 3 (19m 15b 0x4 0x6) SR: 20;
79.5;1;Lyon to Holder, 1 run lobbed up outside off, driven to mid-off for one;
79.4;1;Lyon to Ramdin, 1 run low full toss on off, Ramdin strides forward and bunts it past the covers;
79.3;?;Lyon to Ramdin, no run flighted on middle, Ramdin gets forward to smother it;
79.2;?;Lyon to Ramdin, no run fuller and on off, defended to short leg;
79.1;1;Lyon to Holder, 1 run pushed through on off, chipped in the air to the right of Lyon. He dives full-length to his right but the effort proves futile;
78.6;?;Johnson to Ramdin, no run full and wide outside off, he swishes his bat out of the way;
78.5;?;Johnson to Ramdin, no run bumper down leg, Ramdin ducks under it;
78.4;?;Johnson to Ramdin, no run back of a length and on middle, Ramdin is back and across to fend it to leg;
78.3;?;Johnson to Ramdin, no run back of a length and outside off, beats Ramdin's flashy little cut;
78.2;?;Johnson to Ramdin, no run full and on off, poked off an outside edge, does not carry to a diving gully;
78.1;2;Johnson to Ramdin, 2 runs full and outside off, sliced behind point. Lyon gives the chase, slides in the deep and hunts it down;
77.6;?;Lyon to Holder, no run fuller and on off, Holder replies with a dead bat;
77.5;1lb;Lyon to Ramdin, 1 leg bye pushed through on middle, Ramdin goes down on one knee but misses the sweep. Wanders away past leg-slip off the pad;
77.4;?;Lyon to Ramdin, no run rips in from outside off, Ramdin has no clue about it, wearing it on the thigh;
77.3;?;Lyon to Ramdin, no run turning in sharply, blocked past short leg;
77.2;1;Lyon to Holder, 1 run full and on the stumps, slapped away to the right of a diving Lyon. He might have gotten a finger onto it, taking some pace off;
77.1;?;Lyon to Holder, no run full and spins in from outside off, catches Holder on the back thigh;
76.6;?;Johnson to Ramdin, no run tight line on off, Ramdin pokes and manages an outside edge. Does not carry to second slip;
76.5;1lb;Johnson to Holder, 1 leg bye short ball, does not climb much, Holder wears it on the hips;
76.4;?;Johnson to Holder, no run full and just a shade outside off, Holder chases and gets an outside edge that dies in front of second slip;
76.3;?;Johnson to Holder, no run good length and on off, blocked from the crease;
76.2;W;Johnson to Samuels, OUT the short ball brings about Samuels' downfall for the second time in the game... Top lifter from Johnson outside off at 143.9ks, Samuels goes for a hook but Johnson is too quick for him. He top-edges it to deep backward square leg. The Mitchells do the job for Australia.. Two wickets in four balls as Johnson sets off on a celebratory sprint;Marlon Samuels c Starc b Johnson 74 (251m 184b 7x4 1x6) SR: 40.21;
76.1;?;Johnson to Samuels, no run fuller length and outside off, pushed to the covers;
75.6;?;Lyon to Ramdin, no run Ramdin leans back and chops this to the covers;
75.5;W;Lyon to Blackwood, OUT Lyon strikes... He gives this ample air outside off, lures Blackwood well out of the crease and defeats him in flight. Haddin fumbled on the first attempt but recovered and took the bails off on the second to have Blackwood stumped. Reward for tight, disciplined bowling...;Jermaine Blackwood st ?Haddin b Lyon 12 (41m 30b 0x4 0x6) SR: 40;
75.4;?;Lyon to Blackwood, no run full and around off, defended to leg;
75.3;?;Lyon to Blackwood, no run floated up outside off, forward and driven into the covers;
75.2;1;Lyon to Samuels, 1 run tossed up generously, down the track, does not meet the pitch of the ball and chips it in the air to the left of short leg;
75.1;1;Lyon to Blackwood, 1 run pitched up and outside off, Blackwood drives sweetly. Starc dives to his left at mid-off and stops the ball;
74.6;?;Johnson to Samuels, no run on a length and around off, poked out towards gully;
74.5;2;Johnson to Samuels, 2 runs dug in on a back of a length and outside off, punched to the right of backward point for two.. Lazy running and they collect only two;
74.4;?;Johnson to Samuels, no run angled outside on a shortish length again, guided to backward point, diving save;
74.3;?;Johnson to Samuels, no run Samuels rides the bounce of this short ball and steers it to backward point point;
74.2;?;Johnson to Samuels, no run Has Samuels nicked off? Umpire Dar shuts the appeal down. Clarke wants a review. It is a legal ball. Back of a length and zips through the channel outside off, seams away late past the outside edge as Samuels is squared up. No clear evidence to overturn the on-field decision..;
74.1;?;Johnson to Samuels, no run pitched up and outside off from round the stumps, Samuels drives and finds mid-off;
73.6;?;Lyon to Blackwood, no run hurrying ball, spins in quickly, kept out off the back foot;
73.5;2;Lyon to Blackwood, 2 runs flatter and rises outside off, forcing shot behind point;
73.4;?;Lyon to Blackwood, no run quicker and on off, prods and blocks it to short leg off an inside edge;
73.3;?;Lyon to Blackwood, no run spins in from outside off with extra bounce, defended onto the pitch;
73.2;?;Lyon to Blackwood, no run tossed up and around off, pushed back to the bowler;
73.1;?;Lyon to Blackwood, no run looped up and outside off, Blackwood is crease-bound as he drives and gets an inside edge to short midwicket;
72.6;?;Hazlewood to Samuels, no run full and wide outside off, normal pace. Another mis-hit drive straight to mid-off;
72.5;?;Hazlewood to Samuels, no run good length and outside off, Hazlewood pulls pace off it and thwarts Samuels' attempted drive.. Mistimed to mid-off;
72.4;?;Hazlewood to Samuels, no run good length and tight line on off, Samuels inches forward and pats it to short cover;
72.3;?;Hazlewood to Samuels, no run pitched up and tails in a bit on off, flicked to midwicket. Not all that well-timed;
72.2;?;Hazlewood to Samuels, no run pitched up and on middle, forward and driven to the left of mid-on;
72.1;?;Hazlewood to Samuels, no run good length and on a fourth-stump line, Samuels comes forward and knocks it to short cover;
71.6;2;Starc to Blackwood, 2 runs angled in full toss on off, Blackwood flips it with the wrists to the right of short midwicket;
71.5;?;Starc to Blackwood, no run angled in outside off, left alone. This does not bounce, scuttling to Haddin;
71.4;?;Starc to Blackwood, no run short offcutter, grips in the surface and rises on off, Blackwood fends it onto the pitch;
71.3;?;Starc to Blackwood, no run Starc goes wide of the crease and delivers a full toss on off. Put away... Clipped straight to mid-on.;
71.2;?;Starc to Blackwood, no run speared full on off, Blackwood covers up in defence;
71.1;?;Starc to Blackwood, no run angled in on middle, Blackwood camps back and tucks to short midwicket;
70.6;?;Hazlewood to Samuels, no run pitched up further now, the line is on off, drilled to mid-off;
70.5;?;Hazlewood to Samuels, no run slipper slower bouncer at 122ks, Samuels is early into the pull and wears it below his chest. Replays show that Hazlewood had ran his fingers across it;
70.4;?;Hazlewood to Samuels, no run pitched up and on off, Samuels comes forward as he blocks it back to Hazlewood;
70.3;1;Hazlewood to Blackwood, 1 run very full and on the stumps, driven straight down the ground between the bowler and Samuels;
70.2;?;Hazlewood to Blackwood, no run back of a length and on off, Blackwood shuffles across and defends it to short midwicket;
70.1;?;Hazlewood to Blackwood, no run good length and angled in, bunted to the leg side;
69.6;?;Starc to Samuels, no run good length and holds its line outside off, Samuels pokes and the ball passes the outside edge;
69.5;?;Starc to Samuels, no run Starc ventures wide of the crease and fires it on off, pushed to extra-cover;
69.4;?;Starc to Samuels, no run yorker at the base of off, right in the blockhole, jammed out to second slip, perhaps off the toe end;
69.3;?;Starc to Samuels, no run back of a length and just outside off, guided to gully;
69.2;?;Starc to Samuels, no run pitched up and on off, played up to the covers;
69.1;?;Starc to Samuels, no run angled in very full on off, near yorker, Samuels digs it out;
68.6;?;Hazlewood to Blackwood, no run good length and angling in on off, patted to short cover;
68.5;2;Hazlewood to Blackwood, 2 runs length and on off, Blackwood hits through the line, lofting it straight down the ground, places it over mid-off;
68.4;?;Hazlewood to Blackwood, no run fuller and comes in, he manages an inside edge onto the pad;
68.3;?;Hazlewood to Blackwood, no run forward and pushed out to short mid-on;
68.2;1lb;Hazlewood to Samuels, 1 leg bye fuller and fired on the leg stump, squeezed out to leg off an inside edge;
68.1;?;Hazlewood to Samuels, no run another appeal for lbw, umpire Dar does not budge. Hazlewood has a chat with Clarke. Australia want to challenge the on-field call. The alloted 15-second time period has elapsed. Full and comes in on the leg stump, raps him on the front pad. Might have slid down leg;
67.6;2;Lyon to Blackwood, 2 runs rising ball outside off, Blackwood pushes from the crease and manages to get it past slip off the outside edge for a couple;
67.5;?;Lyon to Blackwood, no run spins in on middle, flatter in trajectory, blocked back to Lyon;
67.4;?;Lyon to Blackwood, no run pitched up and outside off, Blackwood comes forward and belts a drive in front of mid-off;
67.3;2;Lyon to Blackwood, 2 runs full and on middle, down the track and dragged to the right of mid-on. It was in the air and kept the fielder interested;
67.2;1;Lyon to Samuels, 1 run pitched up and on off, Samuels takes a step out and drills a drive to the left of short cover. Fumble and they get one;
67.1;?;Lyon to Samuels, no run fuller and on off, Samuels comes forward and answers with a dead bat;
66.6;?;Hazlewood to Blackwood, no run Hazlewood appeals for lbw, not given and they don't take a review. Mighty full, Blackwood falls over the flick and is struck on the pad but this was sliding down leg again;
66.5;?;Hazlewood to Blackwood, no run back of a length and cuts back in on off, he is caught on the crease and manages an inside edge onto the pad;
66.4;?;Hazlewood to Blackwood, no run short and on the leg stump, catches Blackwood high on the front pad. Possibly slipping down leg. And going over as well;
66.3;W;Hazlewood to Dowrich, OUT short mid-on comes into play and takes it. Dowrich perishes, Samuels pats him on the way back. Full and on middle and leg, Dowrich seeks to flick it away but ends up chipping it. Watson dives to his right and completes a smart, low catch to end the stand;Shane Dowrich c Watson b Hazlewood 70 (250m 185b 5x4 1x6) SR: 37.83;
66.2;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run pitched up and outside off, driven to short cover;
66.1;4;Hazlewood to Dowrich, FOUR runs short and wide outside off, Dowrich slaps it in the air, the ball just about bounces in front of Lyon at point and spins past him to the boundary;
65.6;?;Clarke to Samuels, no run fuller and on off, he goes hard on the drive and finds the man at short cover, who leaps off his feet to collect the ball;
65.5;?;Clarke to Samuels, no run flatter and turning away, chopped to the covers;
65.4;1;Clarke to Dowrich, 1 run eased to mid-off for one;
65.3;?;Clarke to Dowrich, no run pitched up and on off, driven back to the bowler;
65.2;1lb;Clarke to Samuels, 1 leg bye drifting down leg, he can't connect with the flick. Off the pad and runs away fine;
65.1;2;Clarke to Samuels, 2 runs slid through outside off, cracked away off the back foot to deep cover;
64.6;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run back of a length and outside off, ignored;
64.5;2;Hazlewood to Dowrich, 2 runs pitched up and outside off, Dowrich bends his knee and clatters it over the covers. Deliberately hit over the top;
64.4;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run lifter on off, he sways his upper body out of the way;
64.3;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run full and straightens on off, Dowrich eases forward and blocks it back to the bowler;
64.2;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run back of a length, top-of-off line, punched to the covers;
64.1;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run full and outside off, Dowrich gets forward and drives it back to the bowler;
63.6;?;Clarke to Samuels, no run tossed up on off and spinning away with extra bounce, dabbed to slip with soft hands;
63.5;4;Clarke to Samuels, FOUR runs short on middle, Samuels ventures deep in the crease and pumps a pull over midwicket. West Indies move into the lead...;
63.4;?;Clarke to Samuels, no run takes it from a fourth-stump line and mis-times a pull to midwicket;
63.3;?;Clarke to Samuels, no run flat and on middle, defended;
63.2;?;Clarke to Samuels, no run darted short and outside off, Samuels whooshes and bottom-edges to the right of Haddin to slip;
63.1;1;Clarke to Dowrich, 1 run half-tracker outside off, swat-pulled to the right of mid-on for one;
62.6;1;Lyon to Dowrich, 1 run too leg stumpish and glanced away past leg-slip again;
62.5;1;Lyon to Samuels, 1 run tossed up on middle and leg, Samuels goes on the back foot and works it to the left of leg-slip;
62.4;?;Lyon to Samuels, no run pushed through flatter and on middle, the ball loops off the pad and pops in front of Lyon;
62.3;?;Lyon to Samuels, no run pitching outside leg and drifting further down, kicked away with the pad;
62.2;1;Lyon to Dowrich, 1 run picked away to the right of a diving short midwicket as this was full and on middle and leg;
62.1;4;Lyon to Dowrich, FOUR runs sliding down leg, Dowrich sinks to one knee and sweeps it neatly fine on the leg side. The man in the deep was rather squarer;
61.6;?;Watson to Samuels, no run full and on off, tapped to the off side;
61.5;1;Watson to Dowrich, 1 run drifting onto the pads, Dowrich twirls his wrists and flicks it through backward square leg;
61.4;?;Watson to Dowrich, no run Watson attacks the stumps, Dowrich's defence intervenes;
61.3;?;Watson to Dowrich, no run fuller and on off, flicked to mid-on;
61.2;?;Watson to Dowrich, no run good length on middle and off, pushed back to the bowler;
61.1;?;Watson to Dowrich, no run back of a length and reverses in, catches him high on the thigh pad. That was snaking down leg and the lbw appeal amounts to nothing;
60.6;1;Lyon to Dowrich, 1 run full and straight, flicked away in front of square;
60.5;1;Lyon to Samuels, 1 run back of a length and punched off the back foot towards deep cover;
60.4;?;Lyon to Samuels, no run back of a length, Samuels leans back and punches it towards deep cover;
60.3;?;Lyon to Samuels, no run sustains extra bounce and turn, Samuels hangs back and is hit high on the thigh;
60.2;?;Lyon to Samuels, no run tossed up and spins with some extra lift, loops to short leg off the thigh;
60.1;1;Lyon to Dowrich, 1 run pitched up and on middle, eased down to long-on;
59.6;2;Watson to Samuels, 2 runs fuller length and on off, Samuels pushes lazily, the ball takes the outside edge and runs away towards third man;
59.5;?;Watson to Samuels, no run full and holds its line outside off, no shot offered;
59.4;?;Watson to Samuels, no run good length, tight line on off, tapped to the off side;
59.3;?;Watson to Samuels, no run looks like a cutter on off, pressed to the covers;
59.2;?;Watson to Samuels, no run pitched up and outside off, Samuels is crease-bound as he pokes and misses;
59.1;?;Watson to Samuels, no run wicket-to-wicket line, shapes in, blocked back to the bowler from the crease;
58.6;?;Lyon to Dowrich, no run fuller and spins in on middle and leg, poked to the left of Steve Smith at short leg. Hits his left thumb and spills down. It did not stick.. Very difficult chance;
58.5;?;Lyon to Dowrich, no run spinning down leg, off the thigh pad and loops to leg-slip;
58.4;?;Lyon to Dowrich, no run flatter offbreak, punched to short midwicket;
58.3;?;Lyon to Dowrich, no run worked from off stump to the right of Lyon, he dives full-length to his right and stops the ball;
58.2;?;Lyon to Dowrich, no run turning on the leg stump, off the thigh and lobs wide of leg-slip;
58.1;?;Lyon to Dowrich, no run angled down leg from round the stumps with excess bounce, left alone;
57.6;?;Watson to Samuels, no run fuller and on off, Samuels inches forward and bunts it in front of short cover;
57.5;?;Watson to Samuels, no run good length and on middle, Samuels loses his balance as his head falls across. Poked back to the bowler off a leading edge;
57.4;2;Watson to Samuels, 2 runs picked away off the pads fine on the leg side, the fielder is squarer and he gets across and keeps it to a couple;
57.3;?;Watson to Samuels, no run angled in on off, sorts of stops on Samuels, who blocks it onto the pitch;
57.2;?;Watson to Samuels, no run this does not bounce at all. Full and outside off, ignored;
57.1;?;Watson to Samuels, no run pitched up and a shade outside off, knocked to short cover with an open face;
56.6;?;Johnson to Dowrich, no run full and just outside off, sucks Dowrich into a drive and slides past the outside edge again;
56.5;?;Johnson to Dowrich, no run pitched up and angling away outside off, beats the outside edge of the groping bat;
56.4;?;Johnson to Dowrich, no run drifting just outside leg, Dowrich can't connect with a flick;
56.3;?;Johnson to Dowrich, no run back of a length and angling away, he lets it pass;
56.2;4;Johnson to Dowrich, FOUR runs fifty on debut for Dowrich. Dug in short and outside off, he shifts his balance onto the back foot and pulls over midwicket. Superbly executed..;
56.1;?;Johnson to Dowrich, no run short, rising ball on off, Dowrich hops up and blunts it to the covers;
55.6;?;Watson to Samuels, no run pitched up and tails in keeps low, looks like a cutter, Samuels has to yank his bottom hand off the bat to dead-bat it to the off side;
55.5;?;Watson to Samuels, no run back of a length and cuts back in, clipped to short midwicket;
55.4;?;Watson to Samuels, no run Watson drags his length back, the line is outside off, Samuels ignores again;
55.3;?;Watson to Samuels, no run good length and shaping away, guided to point;
55.2;?;Watson to Samuels, no run full and outside off, Samuels lets it pass again;
55.1;?;Watson to Samuels, no run pitched up and moves away outside off, Samuels isn't interested;
54.6;?;Johnson to Dowrich, no run too wide outside off again, left alone;
54.5;?;Johnson to Dowrich, no run full and angling away wide outside off, Dowrich is not tempted;
54.4;?;Johnson to Dowrich, no run shortish and on middle, defended off the back foot;
54.3;?;Johnson to Dowrich, no run back of a length and on middle, blocked back to the bowler;
54.2;?;Johnson to Dowrich, no run pitched up and slides away outside off at 141ks, goes on with the angle. Dowrich is late on a drive and ends up beaten;
54.1;?;Johnson to Dowrich, no run short and outside off from over the stumps, chopped to short cover;
53.6;4;Voges to Samuels, FOUR runs precise placement. Down the track, Samuels manufactures a full toss, whips again between midwicket and mid-on. Johnson (I guess) at mid-on dives in vain;
53.5;?;Voges to Samuels, no run Samuels steps out, takes it on the full and whips it to midwicket;
53.4;?;Voges to Samuels, no run pushed through outside off, ignored;
53.3;4;Voges to Samuels, FOUR runs pitched up and on off, Samuels charges down the track and hoists it up and over mid-off. Hits through the line, holds his pose and admires the one-bounce four;
53.2;?;Voges to Samuels, no run Samuels steps out, yorks himself and jams it back to Voges;
53.1;?;Voges to Samuels, no run straight and on middle, Samuels answers with a dead bat;
52.6;?;Johnson to Dowrich, no run veering down leg, he can't lay bat on it;
52.5;?;Johnson to Dowrich, no run pitched up and on off, Dowrich keeps back and blocks it to the covers;
52.4;?;Johnson to Dowrich, no run pitching outside off and shapes away, no shot offered;
52.3;?;Johnson to Dowrich, no run extra shoulder on this bouncer outside off, Dowrich rises with it, aims to ramp it over the cordon before pulling out at the last moment;
52.2;2;Johnson to Dowrich, 2 runs lifting ball outside off, Dowrich hops up, rides the bounce and steers it through backward point;
52.1;?;Johnson to Dowrich, no run hurled in on off, blocked back to Johnson;
51.6;1;Voges to Dowrich, 1 run flat and outside off, Dowrich goes deep in the crease and punches it out to sweeper cover as the partnership reaches three figures;
51.5;1;Voges to Samuels, 1 run straight ball on middle, knocked in front of square as Samuels gets to a fifty and raises his bat;
51.4;?;Voges to Samuels, no run Voges held this one back, chipped in front of short cover;
51.3;2;Voges to Samuels, 2 runs slid through outside off, cut away off the back foot behind point. Warner gives the chase and limits it to two;
51.2;1;Voges to Dowrich, 1 run dragged short and wide outside off, crunched to deep cover;
51.1;2;Voges to Dowrich, 2 runs quicker and spins away outside off, chopped past the covers. Mid-off moves to his left and hunts it down;
50.6;1;Johnson to Dowrich, 1 run a direct hit could have consumed Samuels... He had given up. Back of a length and outside off, punched to the left of mid-off. Dowrich sets off but Samuels wasn't interested. Warner moves to his left, collects the ball quickly but can't effect a direct hit at the strikers'. Voges has his hands on his head;
50.5;?;Johnson to Dowrich, no run good length angled in, straightens on off, check-dabbed to gully with soft hands;
50.4;?;Johnson to Dowrich, no run much wider outside off, Dowrich tightens up his technique and shoulders arms;
50.3;?;Johnson to Dowrich, no run offcutter outside off, zips away, big puff of dust. Dowrich spars and gets beaten;
50.2;?;Johnson to Dowrich, no run back of a length and on the stumps, defended off the back foot;
50.1;?;Johnson to Dowrich, no run too full and wide outside off, he reaches out for a drive and is beaten comprehensively;
49.6;1;Lyon to Dowrich, 1 run spins on middle from round the stumps, he clips a single through square leg;
49.5;?;Lyon to Dowrich, no run defended to the covers;
49.4;?;Lyon to Dowrich, no run fuller and on off, pressed back to the bowler;
49.3;1;Lyon to Samuels, 1 run Samuels waits on this offbreak and secures a single in front of point;
49.2;2;Lyon to Samuels, 2 runs explodes from the surface outside off, lifting ball, Samuels backs away a bit and chops it behind point, well wide slip;
49.1;?;Lyon to Samuels, no run fuller and on middle, Samuels goes on the back foot and defends it to short leg;
48.6;?;Starc to Dowrich, no run Starc goes wide of the crease and angles it down leg. Dowrich can't deflect it fine;
48.5;?;Starc to Dowrich, no run shortish and on off, Dowrich hops up and nudges it to the covers;
48.4;?;Starc to Dowrich, no run angled in full and on off, Dowrich covers up in defence;
48.3;?;Starc to Dowrich, no run pitched up and on off, defended back to the bowler;
48.2;?;Starc to Dowrich, no run back of a length and outside off, hops up and knocks it to the covers;
48.1;?;Starc to Dowrich, no run short, rising delivery outside off, Dowrich hangs back and punchily defends it to the covers;
47.6;?;Lyon to Samuels, no run quite flat and on off, forward press to the covers;
47.5;?;Lyon to Samuels, no run fuller and on middle, poked to the right of short leg;
47.4;?;Lyon to Samuels, no run Samuels keeps back and turns this to the leg side;
47.3;6;Lyon to Samuels, SIX runs excellent use of the feet.. Tossed up, Samuels skips out and lifts it over mid-on for a flat six;
47.2;?;Lyon to Samuels, no run pushed through outside off, Samuels tucks his bat behind the pad and takes it on the pad;
47.1;4;Lyon to Samuels, FOUR runs pitched up and on off, Samuels nips down the track but does not quite meet the pitch of the ball. He manages to chip it over mid-on;
46.6;1;Starc to Samuels, 1 run slides in full with the angle on off, jammed out to midwicket off the inside half of the bat;
46.5;4;Starc to Samuels, FOUR runs shot! Dug in shortish and outside off, Samuels stands up tall as he punches it crisply past the covers, beats the chasing fielder to the sweeper-cover boundary;
46.4;?;Starc to Samuels, no run angled in full and outside off, tapped to gully with an open face. Samuels does so with soft hands;
46.3;?;Starc to Samuels, no run lifter angled back in outside off, Samuels drops his gloves and sways his upper body out of the way;
46.2;?;Starc to Samuels, no run back of a length and outside off, jabbed defensively towards gully;
46.1;?;Starc to Samuels, no run pitched up and on off, mishit drive to mid-off;
45.6;?;Lyon to Dowrich, no run flatter and on off, defended gingerly with bat and pad close together. Dowrich just shut the ball down;
45.5;?;Lyon to Dowrich, no run flat and fired on off, Dowrich drills a drive past Lyon to mid-off;
45.4;6;Lyon to Dowrich, SIX runs even better! He runs down the track, meets the pitch of this flighted ball and launches it over mid-on. He went with the spin and reaped reward;
45.3;2;Lyon to Dowrich, 2 runs impressive shot but that's cut off by Johnson. Overpitched and outside off, he leans forward and creams it to the left of mid-on, who chases and keeps it to two;
45.2;?;Lyon to Dowrich, no run pitched up and outside off, forward and driven to short cover;
45.1;?;Lyon to Dowrich, no run fuller and on off, he aims to drive and drags it to short midwicket off an insid edge;
44.6;?;Hazlewood to Samuels, no run fuller and on off, Samuels is drawn forward now. Patted to short cover;
44.5;?;Hazlewood to Samuels, no run good length and outside off, Samuels does not want any of it;
44.4;?;Hazlewood to Samuels, no run back of a length and on off, Samuels triggers back and across as he defends it back to the bowler;
44.3;2;Hazlewood to Samuels, 2 runs good length and outside off, Samuels stays back and swishes a drive over the covers;
44.2;?;Hazlewood to Samuels, no run full and attacking off, ran back to Hazlewood;
44.1;?;Hazlewood to Samuels, no run short and outside off, Samuels rides it to point;
43.6;?;Starc to Dowrich, no run pitched up further and on off, Starc drags the batsman into a forward defensive push to mid-off;
43.5;?;Starc to Dowrich, no run full and slanting away wide outside off, no need to chase those;
43.4;?;Starc to Dowrich, no run full and sprayed miles wide outside off, Haddin dives full-length and takes it in front of first slip;
43.3;?;Starc to Dowrich, no run back of a length and around off, steered towards point;
43.2;?;Starc to Dowrich, no run full and angling away, Dowrich is rooted to the crease as he defends it back to the bowler;
43.1;2;Starc to Dowrich, 2 runs full and outside off, Dowrich hangs his bat out, wafts and trickles it between slip cordon and gully off a outside edge;
42.6;?;Hazlewood to Samuels, no run fuller and on off, Samuels shuffles across as he taps this to short midwicket;
42.5;?;Hazlewood to Samuels, no run good length and on middle and leg, worked in front of square leg;
42.4;?;Hazlewood to Samuels, no run more legs on this lifter outside off, Samuels drops his wrists on it;
42.3;?;Hazlewood to Samuels, no run Hazlewood bangs a bouncer down leg, Samuels semi-ducks out of the way;
42.2;?;Hazlewood to Samuels, no run back of a length and shaping away, guided to gully;
42.1;?;Hazlewood to Samuels, no run good length and on a fourth-stump line, Samuels inches forward as he drops it to the off side;
41.6;?;Starc to Dowrich, no run sliding down the leg side, Dowrich does not connect with the flick;
41.5;?;Starc to Dowrich, no run good length, teasing line on off, defended to the covers;
41.4;1;Starc to Samuels, 1 run full and wide outside off, Samuels lays forward into a cover-drive and takes a single;
41.3;?;Starc to Samuels, no run pitched up and on off with some away movement, dabbed to gully;
41.2;?;Starc to Samuels, no run good length and on off, pressed to the covers;
41.1;?;Starc to Samuels, no run back of a length and on off, Samuels inches forward and defends it onto the pitch;
40.6;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run full and outside off, left alone;
40.5;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run tight line on off, Dowrich ventures forward and across to block it to mid-off;
40.4;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run pitched up and nips in on off, Dowrich strides forward and pushes it back to Hazlewood;
40.3;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run full and tails in on middle, bunted to mid-on;
40.2;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run good length and just a shade outside off, patted to the covers;
40.1;?;Hazlewood to Dowrich, no run full and teasing Dowrich outside off. He does not bite;
39.6;?;Watson to Samuels, no run back of a length and on off, dabbed towards backward point;
39.5;?;Watson to Samuels, no run the third umpire has been called in for a stumping chance... It is a legal ball. On a length and outside off, Samuels shoulders arms. Haddin, who had come up to the stumps for this ball, whips the bails off and looks confident. The back foot is ground the moment Haddin disturbs the stumps. Replays show that Samuels had lifted his back foot momentarily, but that was only after the bails were taken off;
39.4;?;Watson to Samuels, no run full and on middle, Samuels falls over and manages to poke it out to the off side. This did keep low...;
39.3;?;Watson to Samuels, no run pitched up and swinging away outside off, Samuels hangs back and shoulders arms;
39.2;?;Watson to Samuels, no run pitched up and on off, drags the batsman into a forward defence;
39.1;?;Watson to Samuels, no run good length ball on middle, Samuels goes back and knocks it to short midwicket;
38.6;1;Lyon to Samuels, 1 run angling across off, dabbed past lone slip with soft hands;
38.5;4;Lyon to Samuels, FOUR runs half-volley outside off, rare bad ball from Lyon. Samuels hammers a drive past the covers. He got to the pitch of the ball this time and cracked it...;
38.4;?;Lyon to Samuels, no run flat and spins in quick from outside off, left alone again;
38.3;?;Lyon to Samuels, no run spinning down leg, Samuels lets it be;
38.2;?;Lyon to Samuels, no run Lyon drags his length back, defended to short leg;
38.1;?;Lyon to Samuels, no run full and spins in off, Samuels lunges forward and manages an inside edge onto the attempted drive. He did not get to the pitch of the ball, which pops in front of the bowler;
37.6;?;Watson to Dowrich, no run wide line outside off, he watches it through to Haddin;
37.5;?;Watson to Dowrich, no run pitched up and outside off, left alone;
37.4;1;Watson to Samuels, 1 run very full and straight, promptly flicked behind square;
37.3;?;Watson to Samuels, no run pitched up and on off, Samuels is halfway forward to bunt it to the covers;
37.2;?;Watson to Samuels, no run leg-stumpish ball, Samuels falls over the flick and is smacked on the pad, the ball dribbles away in front of square;
37.1;?;Watson to Samuels, no run Watson continues to explore the channel outside off. Ignored;
36.6;2;Lyon to Dowrich, 2 runs full and on middle, poked just to the left of a diving Warner at leg-slip;
36.5;?;Lyon to Dowrich, no run flighted offbreak, Dowrich does not read it and wears it on the back thigh;
36.4;3;Lyon to Samuels, 3 runs full and wide outside off, Samuels gets forward for a change and drives it behind point for three;
36.3;?;Lyon to Samuels, no run spinning down leg with extra bounce, Samuels can't glance it away;
36.2;?;Lyon to Samuels, no run pitched up and spins in from outside off, Samuels camps on the back foot, gets into a tangle and takes it on the thigh;
36.1;1;Lyon to Dowrich, 1 run fuller and on middle and leg, turned behind square on the leg side;
35.6;?;Watson to Samuels, no run tight line on off, Samuels blocks it to the covers;
35.5;?;Watson to Samuels, no run full and much close to off, Samuels fiddles with it before belatedly drawing his bat out of the way;
35.4;?;Watson to Samuels, no run and again... Left alone outside off;
35.3;?;Watson to Samuels, no run a carbon copy of the previous ball though the line was much wider here;
35.2;?;Watson to Samuels, no run full and holds its line outside off, Samuels does not bother with it;
35.1;?;Watson to Samuels, no run loose ball as it is short and wide outside off. Doubly loose shot as Samuels flashes and gets beaten;
34.6;?;Lyon to Dowrich, no run defended to short leg;
34.5;1;Lyon to Samuels, 1 run lobbed up full on off, Samuels is crease-bound as he hunts for a drive, all he manages is an inside edge that evades leg stump and runs away behind square;
34.4;1;Lyon to Dowrich, 1 run turns in on middle, Dowrich keeps back and glances it behind square on the leg side;
34.3;?;Lyon to Dowrich, no run turns in sharply on off, kept out;
34.2;?;Lyon to Dowrich, no run turning down leg again, Dowrich takes it on the thigh;
34.1;?;Lyon to Dowrich, no run flighted and spinning down leg, he can't put bat on it. Leg-slip collects the ball;
33.6;4;Smith to Samuels, FOUR runs tossed up on middle, Samuels gallops down the track, drives it in the air to the left of Smith. Good connection and the outcome is four;
33.5;1;Smith to Dowrich, 1 run low full toss on the pads, picked away through midwicket;
33.4;1;Smith to Samuels, 1 run pitched up on off, Samuels takes a step forward as he drills a drive to sweeper cover;
33.3;?;Smith to Samuels, no run full and dips in on middle, squeezed out to the covers;
33.2;1;Smith to Dowrich, 1 run legbreak outside off, he hangs back, rides the bounce and glides it towards third man;
33.1;1;Smith to Samuels, 1 run loopy full toss on middle, bunted down to long-on;
32.6;?;Lyon to Dowrich, no run pushed through on middle, off the pad and loops to leg-slip;
32.5;?;Lyon to Dowrich, no run pitched up and on off, looks to drive and gets an inside edge to the right of short midwicket;
32.4;1;Lyon to Samuels, 1 run spinning down leg, helped away past leg-slip;
32.3;?;Lyon to Samuels, no run extra bounce and turns in, Samuels wears it on the body;
32.2;?;Lyon to Samuels, no run flatter and spins in on off, Samuels keeps back and is hit high on the thigh. He was undone by extra lift;
32.1;?;Lyon to Samuels, no run spins on middle, Samuels backs away and chops it towards the covers;
31.6;4;Smith to Dowrich, FOUR runs another long-hop and put away. Dowrich picks the length early, goes on the back foot and pulls it to the right of mid-on;
31.5;4;Smith to Dowrich, FOUR runs half-tracker on middle, Dowrich deposits it to the midwicket boundary. He rocks back and drums a pull in front of square;
31.4;?;Smith to Dowrich, no run much flatter legbreak, punched to the covers off the back foot;
31.3;?;Smith to Dowrich, no run good length and on middle and spins away with extra bounce, fended to the off side from the crease;
31.2;?;Smith to Dowrich, no run pushed through on the leg stump, defended;
31.1;?;Smith to Dowrich, no run top start. Pitched on off and rips away past the outside edge;
30.6;?;Starc to Samuels, no run back of a length and outside off, Samuels plays away from the body and knocks it to point;
30.5;1;Starc to Dowrich, 1 run full and comes in with the angle on middle and off, cajoled behind square on the leg side;
30.4;?;Starc to Dowrich, no run back of a length and angled in, tapped to short midwicket;
30.3;2lb;Starc to Dowrich, 2 leg byes swings back in on middle and leg, Dowrich hangs back and inside-edges an attempted flick behind square leg. They steal a single via an overthrow. Oh wait, this was off the pad;
30.2;1;Starc to Samuels, 1 run Starc ventures wide of the crease and angles it outside off, pressed to the covers for a well-judged single;
30.1;?;Starc to Samuels, no run angled in full and on off, draws Samuels into a forward defence;

Round the stumps..
 Innings Start
Many thanks for your company and comments. Hope you enjoyed our coverage as much as we did bringing it to you. Do join us back for the second and final Test. Until then, ciao, ciao..
Clarke: I thought West Indies fought exceptionally hard. Credit to our bowlers, they found a way to take wickets on this slow pitch. Our bowlers stuck at it and our fielding was really good. The way Warner and Marsh batted, you will see more aggression in Jamaica. Voges is class act and he rightly deserves the opportunity and I think with that maturity and experience, he has grabbed it with both hands.
Ramdin: It was tough. Young Dowrich showed character and Marlon Samuels batted well but we kept losing wickets. Adam Voges set it up for them [Australia]. Bishoo was fantastic, he bowled good deliveries and some magical ones. I think the manner in which we bowled in the first innings was positive. Hopefully, we will do well in Jamaica.
Voges: It has been the perfect three days. To debut for Australia and score a hundred it feels special. The tail supported me well.
Adam Voges, who became the oldest player to record a century on Test debut, is the Man of the Match.
5:05pm: Smith is embraced by Marsh. Darren Lehmann applauds from the change room. Voges plucks out a stump as a souvenir. West Indies, who began the day facing a 145-run deficit, showed fight through a 144-run partnership between Dowrich and Samuels, the highest of the Test. However, things unravelled either side of tea; West Indies collapsing to 216 all out from 181 for 3. David Warner then unleashed a clatter of boundaries, helping Australia wrap up a clinical win inside three days.




Sheikh: "2 hours ago ,I went for shopping and left WI 182-4 and now when I have come back they have lost it. Was it Pakistan playing." --- Oh, no..
4.6;1;Taylor to Smith, 1 run Australia take a 1-0 lead. They win by nine wickets. Too full and straight, Smith twirls his wrists and flicks wide of midwicket;
4.5;?;Taylor to Smith, no run short and on off, Smith shuffles across as he clips to square leg;
4.4;?;Taylor to Smith, no run fuller and on middle, worked to midwicket. Marsh sets off for a speedy single but is sent back;
4.3;4;Taylor to Smith, FOUR runs too full and straight, Smith walks across off and glances it fine on the leg side for four;
4.2;W;Taylor to Warner, OUT edged and taken at first slip.. Pitched up and outside off, Warner is glued to the crease as he aims for a big whoosh through the off side but the ball grazes the outside edge, easy catch from Bravo;David Warner c Bravo b Taylor 28 (23m 20b 3x4 2x6) SR: 140;
4.1;?;Taylor to Warner, no run very full and wide outside off, Warner uses every inch of his reach and carves it to point;
3.6;1;Gabriel to Warner, 1 run length and on middle, right in the slot but Warner can only drag it through square leg off the inner half of the bat;
3.5;4;Gabriel to Warner, FOUR runs good length and on off, Warner flat-bats a drive, beats covers and sends it whistling away to the boundary;
3.4;3;Gabriel to Marsh, 3 runs full and outside off, chipped in the gap between covers and mid-off. The pair come back for three;
3.3;4;Gabriel to Marsh, FOUR runs overpitched and outside off, Marsh lunges forward and cracks a drive to the right of mid-off;
3.2;?;Gabriel to Marsh, no run attempted yorker, pushes it too full and on off, Marsh gets forward and taps it back to the bowler;
3.1;4;Gabriel to Marsh, FOUR runs b-e-a-u-t--i-f-u-l. Fractionally overpitched, Marsh eases forward and drives it between the bowler and Warner;
2.6;?;Taylor to Warner, no run pitched up and swerves away wide outside off, Warner reaches out for a booming off-drive but misses;
2.5;4;Taylor to Warner, FOUR runs that exploded from the meat of the bat. Shortish and sits up outside off, Warner skelps it to the right of the covers;
2.4;?;Taylor to Warner, no run full, on and around off, tapped to mid-off;
2.3;?;Taylor to Warner, no run short and wide outside off, flat-batted to mid-off;
2.2;?;Taylor to Warner, no run angled in on off, Warner presses forward and pats it to short cover;
2.1;?;Taylor to Warner, no run grubber.. Pitched up just a shade outside off, keeps alarmingly low, so much so it slides under the bat on its way to Ramdin;
1.6;1;Gabriel to Warner, 1 run half-volley on middle and leg, Warner flips his wrists and plays it in front of square on the leg side;
1.5;6;Gabriel to Warner, SIX runs dragged short and outside off, right up in Warner's zone. He rocks back and thumps another pull over midwicket;
1.4;?;Gabriel to Warner, no run pitched up and on a fourth-stump line, pushed to mid-off;
1.3;?;Gabriel to Warner, no run short and on middle and off, tucking up Warner for room. Mis-hit in front of midwicket;
1.3;1nb;Gabriel to Warner, (no ball) dug in short and on middle, Warner looks to turn it to the leg side but pops it in front of the covers off a leading edge. And Gabriel has overstepped;
1.2;?;Gabriel to Warner, no run short and on middle, Warner hops up and steers it to point;
1.1;1;Gabriel to Marsh, 1 run back of a length and too straight in line, Marsh shuffles across and eases it to fine leg;
0.6;2;Taylor to Warner, 2 runs width on offer outside off, punched on the rise and placed past the covers for two;
0.5;?;Taylor to Warner, no run back of a length and outside off, Warner aims for a forcing hit through the off side and mis-times it to mid-off;
0.4;6;Taylor to Warner, SIX runs Warner could even nail a pull in his sleep. Banged in short and on off, he gets into position and rattles a pull over midwicket to follow up a four with a six;
0.3;4;Taylor to Warner, FOUR runs back of a length and outside off, Warner stands tall and punches it past the covers. Crunched;
0.2;1;Taylor to Marsh, 1 run fuller and on middle and off, nudged in front of square leg. Marsh calls for a speedy single, Warner responds and beats the direct hit. The third umpire confirms it..;
0.1;?;Taylor to Marsh, no run back of a length and cuts in, Marsh is late on the defence but keeps it out as he manages an inside edge onto the pad;

4:38pm Warner and Marsh are Australia's openers. Taylor takes the new ball.
 Innings Start