Data
9:12pm Alright, we're ready for the chase. It's Finch and Short coming out to open. Wade is slated to bat No. 3. Chahar with the ball.
WATCH: Henriques gets KL Rahul, Sanju Samson and Hardik Pandya (India subcontinent only)
That's a big finish for India, but we await to see how bad Jadeja's injury - which appears to be a hamstring - is and whether he can bowl. India's badly lost momentum in the middle of that innings against excellent spells by Zampa and Henriques. Starc and Hazlewood didn't quite get it right in the last couple of overs and Jadeja found his range. It has given India something to bowl at - last year Australia comfortably chased 151 to beat Pakistan - but they might be bowler down. Varun will be back with your shortly for the start of the chase
WATCH: Hardik Pandya holes out to Steven Smith at long-off (India subcontinent only)
Elsewhere, East Bengal - coached by Robbie Fowler, formerly of Brisbane Roar - are off to a poor start in their maiden season in the ISL. Can they turn their fortunes around? Read more here.
19.6;1;Starc to Jadeja, 1 run gets the yorker in to finish, inside edge into the boot and they manage the single;
19.5;4;Starc to Jadeja, FOUR runs goes short, and gets hammered! What a finish by Jadeja. Starc dragged it down, not sure if on purpose, Jadeja latched on and pulls it through the leg side;
19.4;4;Starc to Jadeja, FOUR runs wide of long-on! A fiercely struck lofted punch straight down the ground...Abbott almost made the ground across, but was out of reach;
19.3;W;Starc to Sundar, OUT straight to long-on...couldn't get the distance on it and a comfortable catch;Washington Sundar c Abbott b Starc 7 (5b 1x4 0x6) SR: 140;
19.2;1;Starc to Jadeja, 1 run dropped! Henriques at backward point...short of a length, Jadeja gets a top edge into his helmet and it loops towards backward point. Think Henriques misjudged it slightly;
19.1;1;Starc to Sundar, 1 run gets the yorker in, dug out into the leg side and Jadeja can barely move;
18.6;4;Hazlewood to Jadeja, FOUR runs full, wide outside off, crunched through the off side! All along the ground, this pinged off the middle and into the gap;
18.5;4;Hazlewood to Jadeja, FOUR runs drags the length back, he pulls and gets it just over square leg...he's in pain, but doing some damage here;
18.4;6;Hazlewood to Jadeja, SIX runs that's MASSIVE! Full outside off, Jadeja picks it up and swings it miles back over deep square leg. Almost onto the root of the stand;
18.3;2;Hazlewood to Jadeja, 2 runs back of a length outside off, one hand comes off the bat as he swings to the leg side and it comes off a top edge...lack of timing allows a second;
18.3;3nb;Hazlewood to Jadeja, (no ball) 2 runs goes down on his back knee and slog sweeps over midwicket, superb work on the boundary as Smith gets across from long-on and keeps it in play...but it's a no-ball!;
18.2;?;Hazlewood to Jadeja, no run similar stroke, but the ball was a touch wider and he had to reach of it...picks out cover on the ring;
18.1;4;Hazlewood to Jadeja, FOUR runs great shot! Full, wide outside off, allows Jadeja to free his arms into a flowing, powerful cover drive which bisects mid-off and cover who are both inside the ring;
17.6;?;Starc to Sundar, no run a wide yorker outside off, Sundar plays over the top of it;
17.5;2;Starc to Sundar, 2 runs gets this one on target, a yorker at off stump, drilled straight down the ground;
17.4;4;Starc to Sundar, FOUR runs inside edge past leg stump...again this didn't pitch, it's 148kph, Sundar swings to the leg side and gets an edge between his legs;
17.3;1;Starc to Jadeja, 1 run full toss at the stumps, whipped to deep midwicket;
17.2;2;Starc to Jadeja, 2 runs worked down the ground towards long-on;
17.2;2w;Starc to Sundar, 2 wide another full toss, sprayed down the leg side, Wade gets a glove on it;
17.1;1;Starc to Jadeja, 1 run big full toss which is mistimed into the leg side;
16.6;1;Henriques to Jadeja, 1 run short outside off, square drives to deep point;
16.5;W;Henriques to Hardik, OUT high...very high, and taken at long-off! Pandya is cut off before he can really get going, gets all height on this one, low down on the bat, Smith has plenty of time to get underneath it;Hardik Pandya c Smith b Henriques 16 (15b 0x4 1x6) SR: 106.66;
16.4;2;Henriques to Hardik, 2 runs Abbott saves a six with a palm back! Almost a fantastic catch, but he couldn't flick it back up as we see so often now. Pandya launched it towards long-on, not quite with the distance needed. Abbott leaped on the rope and did very well;
16.3;1;Henriques to Jadeja, 1 run short outside off, driven wide of cover but the sweeper keeps them to a single;
16.2;1;Henriques to Hardik, 1 run short outside off, crunched powerful towards cover where Finch does well to intercept;
16.1;6;Henriques to Hardik, SIX runs into the stands! Pandya had changed his bat before that ball and this one is working nicely. Full outside off, he's able to get underneath and swings high and mighty over long-on;
15.6;2;Hazlewood to Jadeja, 2 runs back of a length, opens the face and dabs towards short third man...bit of a fumble from Zampa and they are alert to the chance of the second;
15.5;1;Hazlewood to Hardik, 1 run drives a delivery off the stumps to long-on;
15.4;1;Hazlewood to Jadeja, 1 run gives himself room outside leg, drives a good length delivery straight to mid-off but the throw misses...he was gone with a direct hit by Abbott;
15.3;1;Hazlewood to Hardik, 1 run back of a length, straight, worked into the leg side;
15.2;?;Hazlewood to Hardik, no run that's close! Moves across his crease and then misses his whip, the ball travels over middle stump;
15.1;2;Hazlewood to Hardik, 2 runs short at the body, pulled towards fine leg;
14.6;?;Zampa to Jadeja, no run full outside off, drives to cover and he finishes with a dot ball;
14.5;1;Zampa to Hardik, 1 run short of a length, punched off the back foot to deep cover;
14.4;1;Zampa to Jadeja, 1 run comes down the pitch and drives strongly to long-off but only a single which won't hurt Australia;
14.3;?;Zampa to Jadeja, no run worked off the pads but straight to short fine leg;
14.2;1;Zampa to Hardik, 1 run starts to move outside leg but then comes back into line and drives to long-off;
14.1;1;Zampa to Jadeja, 1 run comes forward and drives wide of cover;
13.6;1;Henriques to Jadeja, 1 run short of a length at middle and leg, shoved into the leg side;
13.5;W;Henriques to Rahul, OUT terrific catch at long-on! Rahul has lost the strike and now lost his wicket. The pressure has told in these middle overs, Rahul trying to break the shackles but can't get the distance down the ground. Abbott runs in and takes the catch diving forward;KL Rahul c Abbott b Henriques 51 (40b 5x4 1x6) SR: 127.5;
13.4;1lb;Henriques to Hardik, 1 leg bye short of a length, gets himself into a tangle here as he looks to pull, hammers into Pandya's hip and loops away. That will be painful;
13.3;?;Henriques to Hardik, no run goes across the crease and takes this from outside off but straight to midwicket...three dots in a row;
13.2;?;Henriques to Hardik, no run follows it up with a yorker, 124kph, which is jabbed down the pitch...this has been exceptional from Henriques;
13.1;?;Henriques to Hardik, no run short of a length outside off, goes back and across then defends on his toes;
12.6;?;Zampa to Rahul, no run good length, at middle, played into the on side and that's an over with a wicket and just two runs;
12.5;1;Zampa to Hardik, 1 run drives a low full toss down to long-on;
12.4;W;Zampa to Pandey, OUT good catch at short third man! Hazlewood does well to get down to that. Pandey went back to a slightly shorter ball, goes for the cut, it takes the top edge and is dipping as it reaches Hazlewood;Manish Pandey c Hazlewood b Zampa 2 (8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
12.3;?;Zampa to Pandey, no run tucked into midwicket and it's another dot ball;
12.2;?;Zampa to Pandey, no run a googly, full outside off, he didn't pick that and it squirts into midwicket;
12.1;1;Zampa to Rahul, 1 run tapped into the off side;
11.6;?;Henriques to Pandey, no run back on a full length outside off, 117, and it's bunted back to him...well bowled by Henriques;
11.6;1w;Henriques to Pandey, 1 wide loses his line down the leg side so a bonus ball for India;
11.5;2;Henriques to Pandey, 2 runs makes decent connection on this one, the bottom hand comes through the drive and sends it in the air straight down the ground;
11.4;?;Henriques to Pandey, no run full outside off, touch slower at 117kph, played into the covers;
11.3;?;Henriques to Pandey, no run a yorker at off stump, 126kph, well bowled and all he can do is dig it out;
11.2;?;Henriques to Pandey, no run full at off stump, pushed into the covers;
11.1;W;Henriques to Samson, OUT straight to cover! Full outside off, was in the slot for the drive, but Samson couldn't have picked out the fielder on the edge of the ring with any more precision;Sanju Samson c Swepson b Henriques 23 (15b 1x4 1x6) SR: 153.33;
10.6;1;Abbott to Samson, 1 run a flick of the wrists into midwicket. Good over for India;
10.5;2;Abbott to Samson, 2 runs angled into leg stump again, nudged towards deep square and they race back for a second...Samson has to get the dive out;
10.5;1w;Abbott to Samson, 1 wide slips this full down the leg side;
10.4;1;Abbott to Rahul, 1 run full at the toes, clipped to deep square leg and takes him to a 37-ball half-century;
10.3;1;Abbott to Samson, 1 run angled into the pads, tucked into midwicket;
10.2;4;Abbott to Samson, FOUR runs power over the off side! Short of a length outside off, Samson jumps into a lofted square cover drive and sends it wide of the sweeper;
10.1;1;Abbott to Rahul, 1 run full at off stump, driven sweetly to mid-off;
9.6;1;Henriques to Rahul, 1 run full and wide outside off, leans in and drives to sweeper cover;
9.5;1;Henriques to Samson, 1 run short of a length outside off, shapes to force that through cover, ends up turning it into midwicket with a closed face;
9.4;2;Henriques to Samson, 2 runs good length on leg stump, flicks to fine leg's left;
9.3;1;Henriques to Rahul, 1 run full outside off, driven firmly to long-off;
9.2;1;Henriques to Samson, 1 run full and just outside off, a pretty, flowing drive along the floor to long-off;
9.1;1;Henriques to Rahul, 1 run short and just outside off, mistimed cut to point;
8.6;1;Swepson to Rahul, 1 run short of a length at middle, onto the back foot to punch to long-on;
8.5;4;Swepson to Rahul, FOUR runs slapped to deep midwicket's left. Swepson still struggling with his length. Short and at the stumps, lines it up nicely and pulls firmly between long-on and deep midwicket;
8.4;?;Swepson to Rahul, no run googly, short and low and down leg side. Slides into his pads as he looks for the whip through midwicket;
8.3;1;Swepson to Samson, 1 run good length and sliding onto leg stump, back in the crease to clips to deep square;
8.2;?;Swepson to Samson, no run good length at off stump, defended off the back foot;
8.1;6;Swepson to Samson, SIX runs pumped over deep midwicket! Bona fide six hitter. Don't bowl short to this guy as a spinner. It's sitting up nicely at an off stump line and he's back for the big pull;
7.6;?;Zampa to Rahul, no run full and just outside off, poked into the covers;
7.5;1;Zampa to Samson, 1 run good length and sliding on at off stump. Gets forward and this pings off the thick inside edge;
7.4;1;Zampa to Rahul, 1 run full on off stump, check-drive towards long-on;
7.3;1;Zampa to Samson, 1 run good length and sliding onto leg stump. Deep in the crease to pat that towards deep midwicket;
7.2;1;Zampa to Rahul, 1 run good length on off stump, leans in and flicks to long-on;
7.1;1;Zampa to Samson, 1 run good length on leg stump, leans in and clips to into the leg side;
6.6;2;Swepson to Rahul, 2 runs short of a length and turning outside off. Gets deep and on top of the bounce to turn this to deep midwicket with soft hands;
6.5;1;Swepson to Samson, 1 run short and turning away outside off, chopped to sweeper cover off the back foot;
6.4;W;Swepson to Kohli, OUT balloons back to the bowler. The only thing going for Swepson this ball is that it has gripped. It's short but it's gripped and turned away and gotten big on Kohli in the corridor. He's shaping to pull but checks himself and it pops back gently to the bowler off the leading edge;Virat Kohli c & b Swepson 9 (9b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
6.3;1;Swepson to Rahul, 1 run short and turning away, wide outside off. Pulled along the ground to long-on;
6.2;4;Swepson to Rahul, FOUR runs dropped short again, and this time it sticks in the pitch. A googly. Allows Rahul to swivel and place his pull between deep square and deep midwicket;
6.1;1;Swepson to Kohli, 1 run dropped short at middle stump, spanked off the back foot, flat and on the bounce to deep midwicket;
5.6;?;Abbott to Rahul, no run yorker at off stump, jams it out, towards mid-off;
5.5;?;Abbott to Rahul, no run high full toss at middle stump, patted hurriedly into the leg side;
5.4;6;Abbott to Rahul, SIX runs slaughtered! Whew. He has picked the length so quickly on this. It's short of a length. He's got a front foot press but quickly springs back up as the ball rises and then nails the pull on the up. Sweet, sweet sound;
5.3;4;Abbott to Rahul, FOUR runs leading edge floats over short third and point. Good length delivery slanted into middle stump. Wants to bring out his pick-up shot behind square on the leg side. Closes the face too early;
5.2;1;Abbott to Kohli, 1 run short of a length on middle stump, jumps out and opens up the off side. Can only pat it towards sweeper cover;
5.1;1;Abbott to Rahul, 1 run good length on middle stump, turns it into midwicket off the front foot;
4.6;?;Zampa to Kohli, no run good length on middle stump, pushed down the pitch off the front foot;
4.5;1;Zampa to Rahul, 1 run good length outside off, steps out and drives to extra cover;
4.4;2;Zampa to Rahul, 2 runs pushed through full and flat at leg stump, steps out to meet it on the full and gently pats it in front of long-on to steal a run;
4.3;2;Zampa to Rahul, 2 runs goodly, at a length and turning into middle stump. Gets deep in the crease and whips it to long-on's right;
4.2;?;Zampa to Rahul, no run good length on off stump, defended on the front foot;
4.1;4;Zampa to Rahul, FOUR runs drilled through the covers. A flat, overpitched ball outside off. Front leg out of the way for a full, clean swing through the line A cover drive that's pierced the infield;
3.6;1;Hazlewood to Rahul, 1 run good length and marginal shape away in the corridor. Allows it on and runs it to deep point's left;
3.5;1;Hazlewood to Kohli, 1 run short at off stump, drops it into the covers with soft hands;
3.4;4;Hazlewood to Kohli, FOUR runs whippage. Backs into the leg side and gets this over midwicket. Good length and into his bod as he backs away. Gets his wrists under the bounce of this and launches over the infield;
3.3;?;Hazlewood to Kohli, no run squares him. Good length, off stump, swung away from the outside edge. Kohli had to try and adjust his angled bat, but that was quickly past him;
3.2;1;Hazlewood to Rahul, 1 run good length outside off, opens the face to steer towards third man. Smith at backward point can't gather cleanly to his left and Kohli calls Rahul through;
3.1;1;Hazlewood to Kohli, 1 run good length on middle stump, shuffles and clips to deep square;
2.6;1;Starc to Kohli, 1 run full and just outside off, waits on that, gets into a crouch and opens the face to steer this to third man;
2.6;1w;Starc to Kohli, 1 wide full and very wide outside off. Searching for that swing, but this is past the tramline. Kohli lets it go;
2.5;W;Starc to S Dhawan, OUT knocks out off stump with a trademark delivery! He's back. Starc is back. High 140s, outswinger starting middle and curving viciously towards off. Dhawan's got his front leg in the leg side and his stumps exposed as he creates room for the drive through cover. The late swing and the pace does him and it's a pretty sight as the stumps is tonked;Shikhar Dhawan b Starc 1 (6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 16.66;
2.4;1;Starc to Rahul, 1 run yorker length just outside off, jabbed into the point region;
2.3;4;Starc to Rahul, FOUR runs miscued but third man is up. Full and just outside off. Goes with hard hands again. This time trying to loft it over the cover region. The bat turns once again in his hands, the face opens, and this slice ends up wide of short third man;
2.2;?;Starc to Rahul, no run full and just outside off, looks to force that through the covers off the front foot. Bat turns in the hand and it ends up in the leg side;
2.1;?;Starc to Rahul, no run good length and just outside off, driven on the rise to extra cover;
1.6;?;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, no run good length and at off stump, steers to backward point off the back foot;
1.5;?;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, no run short and rising steeply in the corridor. Arches back to create room for the upper cut. That's quickly past him;
1.4;?;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, no run short of a length at middle stump, jumps down at that to open up the covers. Under-edges the attempted slap;
1.3;1lb;Hazlewood to Rahul, 1 leg bye good length and sliding onto the pads. Looks to whip that over short fine, cops it on the thigh;
1.2;1;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, 1 run good length and in the corridor. Opens the wrists and steers this drive to third man's left;
1.1;?;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, no run good length and across off stump, stays leg side of that and slashes on the rise to backward point;
0.6;2;Starc to Rahul, 2 runs good length and swung into middle stump, clipped to deep square from the crease;
0.5;?;Starc to Rahul, no run full and a hint of bend inwards into the corridor. Opens the face and drives to cover point;
0.4;?;Starc to Rahul, no run pull the length back a touch and stays in the corridor. Rahul's half stride catches him a little short of this. Watchfully poked into the covers off the thick outside edge;
0.3;?;Starc to Rahul, no run full and just outside off, a neat driving length. And a neat drive off the front foot, but straight to mid-off;
0.2;2;Starc to Rahul, 2 runs full and just outside off, hangs back a touch this time. Half a stride, opens the face for the drive and gets it between point and backward. Again, no swing;
0.1;?;Starc to Rahul, no run a swish and miss. Full and wide floater outside off. Rahul reaches out for the drive, expecting that to swing back in. It's gone straight on;

7:10pm Thanks Gnasher! Hello all, been a while. Mitch Starc has the ball with a slip in place for Rahul. He's over the wicket.
7.05pm Hyder: "I kinda miss Jhye Richardson in the Aussie side. He is a fantastic bowler and great talent. Why is he not in the squad?" Still on his comeback from shoulder reconstruction. On track for the BBL with Perth Scorchers.
Right, it seems Pandey IS playing. On that note, I'll hand over to Varun
7.00pm Rumple: "Very good and bold decision to drop chahal and kuldeep..both are out of form from long time..Its time to look at other options..Even Ashwin should be looked as option in white ball cricket"
Malli: "I don't think it's the right decision to have two bowlers (Jaddu, Sundar) who are more defensive over wicket-taking bowlers (Kul, cha). It's better to have 1 from each set and use Chahar for batting if needed later"
For those interested, this was Mitch Swepson's previous international outing
The Australia players are now taking the field for the Barefoot Circle Ceremony and Welcome to Country
6.50pm Arjav: "No Kuldeep, No Chahal...Yet another questionable omission...."
Hardik Pandya is certainly a man in-form and was India's highest run-getter in the ODIs. If you are in the Indian subcontinent, you can watch highlights from his 92 in the third ODI here.
Okay, there appears to be a bit of confusion over the India team...just looking into it. The official team sheet has Manish Pandey in the XI, but elsewhere it's Iyer.
Silva: "According to BCCI twitter, Shreyas iyer is playing not pandey" Yep, we are checking. TV graphic also had Pandey a moment ago
6.40pm Australia won the toss and will bowl
They have brought Mitchell Swepson into the squad for Ashton Agar who has been ruled out of the series. No place for Alex Carey so it's Matthew Wade with the gloves. Swepson has been inside the Australia 'bubble' training with the A squad in Sydney.
Australia 1 Aaron Finch, 2 D'Arcy Short, 3 Matthew Wade, 4 Steven Smith, 5 Glenn Maxwell, 6 Moises Henriques, 7 Sean Abbott, 8 Mitchell Starc, 9 Mitchell Swepson, 10 Adam Zampa, 11 Josh Hazlewood
So it looks like India have rested Jasprit Bumrah, and it's Rahul to open with Dhawan
India 1 KL Rahul (wk), 2 Shikhar Dhawan, 3 Virat Kohli (capt), 4 Manish Pandey, 5 Sanju Samson, 6 Hardik Pandya, 7 Ravindra Jadeja, 8 Washington Sundar, 9 Deepak Chahar, 10 Mohammed Shami, 11 T Natarajan
6.30pm Akhilesh: "One of the less talked points about this series is Dhawan vs Rahul. India will most probably make them both open in all 3 matches( unless Rahul is rested for the Test Series). After a fantastic IPL for both of them, this should be a direct face-off to decide who's gonna open with Rohit in the future." Yes, will be interesting to see if any of the Test players in this squad are pulled out for the warm-up match against Australia A instead of the last two T20s.
BCCI have just tweeted that T Natarajan will make his T20I debut

Sanket: "The recent form of Pandya is blessing for team India, they need to a bit of reinvent how they go in middle over in T20's. For this sometimes they can afford to use hardik as a floater and let the guys around him play accordingly. In the form of Rohit, Dhawan, Rahul , shreyas India lacks someone with brutal power hitting abilities so they can give hardik a go."
6.20pm We'll need to wait and see if Hazlewood makes the side tonight, but he came back into the T20I set-up for the first time in more than four years for the final match of the England series and has certainly had the wood over Virat Kohli in the ODIs.
Tom Moody explains how Hazlewood did it (Indian subcontinent only)
Neel : "Any update on Stoinis's injury?" Nothing official, but side injuries are tricky to come back from quickly

6.15pm Australia can go back to the top of the T20I rankings with a victory in this series after slipping from that spot in their 2-1 defeat to England to September. They were building very nice towards the home T20 World Cup which, of course, was postponed from this year.
Anand: "I would love to see Sanju get a game thereby making Kohli open alongside Rahul. Since Bumrah needs rest ahead of test series I would go with the batting order this way Pandya, Jadeja, Chahar, Sundar, Natarajan and Chahal"
It was tough work for most of the bowlers in the one-dayers, although Adam Zampa and Josh Hazlewood were both excellent and Shardul Thakur had an impact in the final game, and in this piece Aakash Chopra looks at how the India bowlers need to adjust
6.05pm While you are settling in, why not catch up with the highlights of India's victory in the final ODI (Indian subcontinent only). Could that give the tour some momentum?
6.00pm Hello and welcome to our coverage of the first T20I between Australia and India in Canberra. The one-dayers were high-scoring and you get the sense these matches will be as well. It's all over in a rush, too, with three games over the next five days before thoughts turn to the Tests. I'm Andrew McGlashan and along with Varun Shetty will bring you all the action over the next few hours.
To get started, here's a preview to this game which could see Australia needing to juggle things with a few injuries in their camp while Pat Cummins is being rested.
The Australians are going to be wearing a great kit for this series

 Innings Start
India win by 11 runs on the back of a very strong finish to their innings and an excellent performance in the field. Australia had a good start to the chase but struggled badly after Finch departed. Decent story out of the match with Chahal, who came in as a concussion sub for Jadeja, playing a key role with the ball (after Jadeja had done with the bat).
If you're in Indian subcontinent, here are some match highlights you can catch up with:
Full match highlights: Jadeja, Chahal, Natarajan help India take 1-0 lead Australia innings highlights: Chahal, Natarajan three-fors seal India's win WATCH: Jadeja rescues India with a 44* off 23 And for all the other match highlights, you just need to click here
Sugumar: "That catch by Samson changed everything tonight. Way to go young indians!!!!"
Mukunth: "So, Australia got a fair bit of an idea on the X-factor player rule before the BBL" Ha, almost
Deepak Sahu: "India's new allrounder Jadechal won us the game.. what an all-round performance"
Man of the Match is Chahal! "A great feeling, no pressure for me when we were batting then I got to know I was going to play. Ten to 15 minutes before I got to know I would play. I learnt from my ODI mistake where I bowled with some flight. In the first innings it was a bit hard to score against their spinners...and I bowled according to my plans."
Aaron Finch On his injury:"Bit of a hip or glute, we'll wait and see, it progressively got worse throughout the game."
On Chahal: "They were let using know their doctor had ruled Jadeja out with concussion and you aren't challenging a medical expert in that regard. We probably leaked a few too many runs at the end and then in the middle phase struggled to heat boundaries."
Virat Kohli "Jaddu got a knock on the side of a head and was a bit dizzy and still is. Concussion replacements are a strange thing, today it worked for us maybe another time he wouldn't have found a like-for-like. He came in and bowled really well. The pitch offered him enough. We showed character to fight back...I thought they had a great start and they were cruising to be honest. That's how T20 goes, we put enough pressure on them, but you need a bit of luck."
I'll wrap things up for tonight. Excellent performance from India. From Gnasher and Varun it's goodbye and see you in a couple of days
19.6;4;Shami to Swepson, FOUR runs and another boundary, gives himself room and drives over cover, but the game was already gone;
19.5;6;Shami to Swepson, SIX runs all the way! That's a clean strike by Swepson as he clears long-off;
19.4;1;Shami to Abbott, 1 run full at middle, driven to the covers;
19.3;?;Shami to Abbott, no run beaten by a full delivery outside off as he gives himself room;
19.2;1;Shami to Swepson, 1 run full outside off, gives himself some room but it's just a toe end;
19.1;3;Shami to Abbott, 3 runs gets across to off stump and scoops this miles into the air back over the keeper;
18.6;1;Natarajan to Abbott, 1 run swung down the ground;
18.5;6;Natarajan to Abbott, SIX runs connects well! Length ball, Abbott heaves across the line and clears deep midwicket. First boundary since 14th over;
18.4;?;Natarajan to Abbott, no run wide outside off, shapes to play a scoop but is well beaten;
18.3;1;Natarajan to Swepson, 1 run driven down to long-off;
18.2;?;Natarajan to Swepson, no run full outside off, was that edged?! Rahul didn't take it cleanly...toe end straight into the ground;
18.1;W;Natarajan to Starc, OUT base of off stump! That's how to do it. Full, straight, Starc misses and Natarajan hits;Mitchell Starc b Natarajan 1 (2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
17.6;?;Chahar to Abbott, no run short at off stump, he's through the shot too early, loops through the keeper;
17.5;1;Chahar to Starc, 1 run width outside off, slices a drive over point;
17.4;W;Chahar to Henriques, OUT given lbw! The bowler didn't even appeal. Henriques has reviewed. He moved right across the crease, aiming to the leg side, it looked pretty straight. Only the keeper appealed. No bat involved. Another wait for the ball tracking to be put together. Smashing leg stump;Moises Henriques lbw b Chahar 30 (20b 1x4 1x6) SR: 150;
17.3;2;Chahar to Henriques, 2 runs full outside off, drives wide of mid-off but can't find the boundary;
17.2;1;Chahar to Abbott, 1 run back of a length outside off, steered to the cover sweeper;
17.1;1;Chahar to Henriques, 1 run a slower ball, short outside off, cut into the off side;
16.6;W;Chahal to Wade, OUT another top edge, taken at deep midwicket! Pushed wide outside off again, Wade has to reach for it, opts to sweep again and picks out Kohli. India closing in.;Matthew Wade c Kohli b Chahal 7 (9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 77.77;
16.5;1;Chahal to Henriques, 1 run full outside off, timed the drive nicely but straight to the very straight deep cover;
16.4;1;Chahal to Wade, 1 run drags a slog sweep from outside off, takes a top edge but lands short of deep midwicket;
16.3;1;Chahal to Henriques, 1 run comes down the pitch, it's well bowled, fuller and wider, all he can do is push it square towards point;
16.2;1;Chahal to Wade, 1 run sweeps this time, off around middle and off, to deep square;
16.1;2;Chahal to Wade, 2 runs works a straight ball backward of square on the leg side;
15.6;?;Sundar to Henriques, no run can't beat point but he's just able to abort the run in time and get back. Excellent finish from Sundar;
15.5;1;Sundar to Wade, 1 run full at off stump, driven down to long-off;
15.4;?;Sundar to Wade, no run goes for a big slog sweep and doesn't connect, beats the bottom edge...another dot;
15.3;2;Sundar to Wade, 2 runs flicked from outside off to deep midwicket and that's a very well judged second;
15.2;?;Sundar to Wade, no run goes for a reverse sweep and is taken on the arm;
15.1;?;Sundar to Wade, no run this grips and turns, Wade squared up as he defends;
14.6;W;Natarajan to Short, OUT finds long-on! He tried to go big, but can't get the distance. Full outside off, Short picked it up, it's a cross-seamer, comes from low down on the bat and it's a comfortable catch;D'Arcy Short c Pandya b Natarajan 34 (38b 3x4 0x6) SR: 89.47;
14.5;1;Natarajan to Henriques, 1 run top yorker, jabbed into the off side...this has been impressive;
14.4;1;Natarajan to Short, 1 run worked into the on side;
14.3;5;Natarajan to Henriques, 5 runs short outside off, leans back and cuts to point...and it becomes five runs where the throw at the stumps escapes the backing up of Samson. Would have been out with a direct hit;
14.2;1;Natarajan to Short, 1 run good yorker, dug out down the ground and long-on keeps them to a single;
14.1;1;Natarajan to Henriques, 1 run mistimes this just over the outstretched hands of the bowler, the bat twisted in his hands...was a slower ball, through the shot early;
13.6;?;Chahal to Short, no run pushed across outside off, short of a length, Short tries a reverse scoop and doesn't make contact as the pressure grows on him;
13.6;1w;Chahal to Short, 1 wide wide outside off, he misses the cut and gets the wide call...Kohli isn't impressed;
13.5;1;Chahal to Henriques, 1 run full at the stumps, played from deep in the crease into the on side;
13.4;2;Chahal to Henriques, 2 runs done in the air this time...but is able to change the shot and pop it in the air over the off side;
13.3;4;Chahal to Henriques, FOUR runs that's a top shot! He made that delivery look wider than it was, just allowed himself a fraction of room, drove it wide of point;
13.2;?;Chahal to Henriques, no run goes back in the crease and taps back down the pitch;
13.1;1;Chahal to Short, 1 run comes down the pitch, this is pushed wider outside off, reaches out and drives to long-off;
12.6;1;Shami to Short, 1 run steps to leg again, back of a length delivery, can't beat mid-off inside the circle;
12.5;1;Shami to Henriques, 1 run width outside off, square drives through point;
12.4;1;Shami to Short, 1 run worked down the ground to long-on;
12.3;?;Shami to Short, no run gives himself room outside leg but can't get any timing as he drives on the up to mid-off;
12.2;1;Shami to Henriques, 1 run full outside off, a punchy drive to deep cover;
12.1;6;Shami to Henriques, SIX runs cracking shot! That flew off the bat. Just short of a length from Shami and Henriques pulls it flat over deep square leg;
11.6;1lb;Sundar to Henriques, 1 leg bye right across onto off stump again, another sweep, he misses but the pad is outside the line;
11.5;1lb;Sundar to Short, 1 leg bye deflects off the pad to short fine leg as he misses the pull...was a short ball, he missed out;
11.4;1;Sundar to Henriques, 1 run full at middle and leg, driven to long-on;
11.3;1;Sundar to Short, 1 run tapped onto midwicket;
11.2;1;Sundar to Henriques, 1 run comes across onto off stump and sweeps a to deep square;
11.1;1;Sundar to Short, 1 run round the wicket, short outside off, no timing as he cuts it into the pitch and it dribbles away square;
10.6;1;Natarajan to Short, 1 run short of a length, angling in, flicked to deep square leg;
10.5;2;Natarajan to Short, 2 runs worked off the pads backward of square and Short is quick between the wickets;
10.4;1;Natarajan to Henriques, 1 run full at the stumps, Henriques caught a little on the crease but is able to play it through midwicket;
10.3;W;Natarajan to Maxwell, OUT huge appeal for lbw! And Kohli has reviewed almost before the ball stops rolling away. Where did it pitch? Was smashing the stumps for sure. Maxwell playing back to a short of a length delivery. Beaten for pace. We have a small delay waiting for ball tracking. And now the pitch map is missing from the replay. Here it comes...it's pitched in line and it's hitting off stump.;Glenn Maxwell lbw b Natarajan 2 (3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
10.2;?;Natarajan to Maxwell, no run edged, just short of the keeper! Length ball, angled across, Maxwell pushes at it and gets a healthy nick but it lands just in front of the Rahul's gloves;
10.1;1;Natarajan to Short, 1 run driven into the covers;
9.6;2;Chahal to Maxwell, 2 runs just wide of long-off! A googly, good length and outside off. Maxwell checks his attempted drive and ends up lofting it gently;
9.5;W;Chahal to Smith, OUT Samson you stunner! Oh boy! We saw a good one from Pandya earlier but this was, by some degree, a harder one. It's flat, it's dipping, it's absolutely laced across the line. Samson runs in from deep midwicket, staying low at every point and then dives to pick it up low and in front of himself. That took so much hurried movement that he absolutely had to nail the follow through as well to hold on - and he does that with the most graceful tumble. Superb. A slog across the line that Smith got good connection on;Steven Smith c Samson b Chahal 12 (9b 0x4 1x6) SR: 133.33;
9.4;?;Chahal to Smith, no run short of a length and wide outside off, mistimed cut to backward point;
9.3;2;Chahal to Smith, 2 runs good length and sliding on outside off. Gets down low and into the off side to paddle this fine;
9.2;1;Chahal to Short, 1 run length at off stump, steps out and drills firmly and flat at long-on. Taken on the bounce;
9.1;1;Chahal to Smith, 1 run good length at off stump, steps out and is beaten in flight. Stabs into the covers;
8.6;1;Chahar to Smith, 1 run short at middle stump, pulled on the bounce to deep square;
8.5;6;Chahar to Smith, SIX runs slapped over square leg. Another slower one, but it's short and sitting up at middle stump. He hangs deep in the crease, gets the hip rotation going and nails the connection;
8.4;?;Chahar to Smith, no run beaten on the inside edge. A lovely knuckle ball. Smith wants the big drive on the up through cover, the ball sticks in the pitch and bisects bat and off stump;
8.3;1;Chahar to Short, 1 run short of a length outside off, chopped to sweeper cover;
8.2;1;Chahar to Smith, 1 run good length on off stump, gets deep in the crease and clips to deep square;
8.1;1;Chahar to Short, 1 run slower short ball outside off, mistimed pull into midwicket;
7.6;1;Chahal to Short, 1 run short of a length and turning into leg stump, gets deep in the crease and clips it to deep midwicket;
7.5;1;Chahal to Smith, 1 run short of a length outside off, punched to sweeper cover off the back foot;
7.4;W;Chahal to Finch, OUT oh sensational catch from Pandya! This will grate on Australia, no doubt. The concussion sub has a wicket. And it's a good ball. Lobbed up at off stump, full and dipping. Finch backs away looking to go over extra cover. Ends up slicing it because he's not to the pitch. Pandya then sprints some 20 yards to his left from long-off, composes himself briefly and then springs out, full stretch, to pluck this just as it threatens to plonk into the turf. Puts in a nice slide to hold on to it too;Aaron Finch c Pandya b Chahal 35 (26b 5x4 1x6) SR: 134.61;
7.3;1;Chahal to Short, 1 run good length outside, looks to hammer that through cover. Ends up slicing feebly to sweeper;
7.2;?;Chahal to Short, no run full and just outside off, driven back firmly to the bowler, on the bounce;
7.1;1;Chahal to Finch, 1 run carved to sweeper cover on the bounce. Full on off stump, backs into the leg side and drives inside-out;
6.6;?;Chahar to Short, no run good length and angled in from outside off. Looks to slash through cover but the angle is against him. This rolls back to the bowler;
6.5;?;Chahar to Short, no run good length and into the pads. Can't get his attempted glance away;
6.4;?;Chahar to Short, no run good length on off stump, patted into the covers;
6.3;?;Chahar to Short, no run dropped at cover! Virat Kohli puts down a sitter. A short ball getting steep at a middle stump line. Short backs away and has a hack as it gets big on him. Skies it high. Kohli has ages to get under it. By the time the ball comes down, he's arching backwards and has the reverse cup. Bursts through him;
6.2;1;Chahar to Finch, 1 run dropped at backward point. Manish Pandey flying to his right. Gets two hands on it but loses it when he's on the way down. It's a length ball outside off, Finch slashes at that. You count on Pandey to hold on to these sort of chances, but it was a difficult ask;
6.1;?;Chahar to Finch, no run slower short ball outside off, cuts straight to backward point;
5.6;1;Natarajan to Finch, 1 run full and into middle stump, backs away and drives to long-on;
5.5;4;Natarajan to Finch, FOUR runs inside edge fine. He's around the wicket, sliding this into the corridor as Finch backs into the leg side for the drive through cover. It's skidded back in with the angle;
5.4;1;Natarajan to Short, 1 run full and just outside off, backs away and drives to mid-off's right;
5.3;?;Natarajan to Short, no run full and into middle stump, driven to mid-on;
5.2;1;Natarajan to Finch, 1 run short of a length outside off, punched into the covers off the back foot;
5.1;1;Natarajan to Short, 1 run short and wide outside off, cut to sweeper cover;
4.6;1;Shami to Short, 1 run good length at the stumps, backs away and punches to mid-off's right;
4.5;?;Shami to Short, no run;
4.4;1;Shami to Finch, 1 run slower short ball outside off, under-edge on the attempted cut;
4.3;6;Shami to Finch, SIX runs oh cleeean. Full and into the pads. Finch hangs right back in the crease, and this is all hands from there. The perfect closing of the wrists and the bat face and he lifts the over deep square;
4.2;?;Shami to Finch, no run length and just outside off, jabbed into the off side;
4.1;4;Shami to Finch, FOUR runs short and just outside off. Backs away and gets a nice pace on this to carve it behind point;
3.6;1;Sundar to Finch, 1 run short and at off stump, backs away and punches to mid-off's left;
3.5;?;Sundar to Finch, no run good length and middle stump, mistimed sweep to square leg;
3.4;1;Sundar to Short, 1 run short of a length and into leg stump, jabbed to deep square off the back foot;
3.3;?;Sundar to Short, no run short of a length and slides it into the body from around the wicket. Cops that in the mid-riff as he gets back for the pull;
3.2;1;Sundar to Finch, 1 run;
3.1;4;Sundar to Finch, FOUR runs dropped short and turning into middle stump, backs away and slaps it well in front of deep midwicket off the back foot;
2.6;1lb;Shami to Finch, 1 leg bye low full toss down leg side, looks to whip that away, but cops that on the pad. Shami appeals for lbw but that might not even have struck in line;
2.5;?;Shami to Finch, no run good length and just outside off. Plants the front leg across to try and play the pick up shot behind square. Cops it on the pad;
2.4;1;Shami to Short, 1 run length and just outside off, opens the face and runs it down towards third man;
2.3;4;Shami to Short, FOUR runs full and a lot of width outside off. Short stands tall, reaches out, and drills that through the covers;
2.2;4;Shami to Short, FOUR runs short and wide outside off, waits on that and it slides on nicely as he gets on top and taps it on its head. Cut past point;
2.1;?;Shami to Short, no run good length and into off stump, tapped into the covers off the back foot;
1.6;?;Sundar to Finch, no run "oh you're kidding me", shouts Finch as he cuts a short and wide ball straight to backward point. It was the room he was looking to make all over;
1.5;?;Sundar to Finch, no run short of a length and skidding onto middle stump, looks to swipe that behind square. It's a quicker one that hits him on the thigh;
1.4;2;Sundar to Finch, 2 runs misfield by Dhawan. Short of a length and into off stump, backs away and punches to mid-off's left. Dhawan covers the ground but lets that through;
1.3;?;Sundar to Finch, no run short of a length and turning into the body, can't get bat on this as it approaches the front pad;
1.2;?;Sundar to Finch, no run short and turning into the body. Backs away and cuts to cover;
1.1;?;Sundar to Finch, no run short of a length and cramping him at the stumps. Backs away and cuts straight to cover;
0.6;?;Chahar to Short, no run good length and in the corridor, hangs deep in the crease and is beaten on the outside edge;
0.5;4;Chahar to Short, FOUR runs lovely connection. Walks down at this inswinger outside off, meets it at the pitch and gets a nice straight bat down and drills it past the non-striker;
0.4;1lb;Chahar to Finch, 1 leg bye good length and into the pads, looks for the flick and cops it on the pad;
0.3;4;Chahar to Finch, FOUR runs short of a length outside off, walks down at it and cuts out the inswinger's path. It sits up nicely and he slaps it wide of mid-off;
0.2;4;Chahar to Finch, FOUR runs short of a length outside off, gets behind the line of that and just swipes it through midwicket as he jumps up to ride the bounce;
0.1;1;Chahar to Short, 1 run good length and swung into the pads, gets on his toes and clips it to fine leg;


 Innings Start
India
Australia
1st T20I (N), Canberra, Dec 4 2020, India tour of Australia
161/7
150/7
Player of the match is Yuzvendra Chahal, INDIA
India won by 11 runs
