Data
So just the 36 runs in the last six overs have given Australia a good chance here. Thanks to John Hastings mainly. As David Wright says, "John Wayne Hastings can afford a little swagger on his way back to the pavilion. Good show." Mahela Jayawardene was classy too in his 86. The next best score was 24. Do join us for the chase that should begin with Warner and Watson, and should feature a lot of spin. Meanwhile enjoy MJ's confusion. He writes in, "Just clicked that it's a T20. I spent the last 5 overs wondering how they would get to 50 overs at this rate."
19.6;?;Lee to Mendis, no run Mendis shuffles across again, ends up well wide of off even before the ball leaves Lee's hand. Lee bowls full and outside off, and bisects Mendis and the stumps!;
19.6;5w;Lee to Mendis, 5 wide what a horror ball... sees No. 11 shuffle across and bowls down the leg side, but well wide, and beats Haddin too - five wides;
19.5;W;Lee to Kulasekara, OUT Kula makes room to go over extra cover, Lee is full and straight, and hits the stumps. Australia's comeback continues, but have SL got enough already on this turning track?;Nuwan Kulasekara b Lee 4 (11m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
19.4;1;Lee to Herath, 1 run full ball, hit hard into the ground, bounces over a leaping Lee for a single;
19.3;1;Lee to Kulasekara, 1 run gets the yorker right this time, Kula gets the single to bring the new man Herath on strike;
19.2;W;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, OUT some luck finally for Australia. This is a length ball on the pads, the kind T20 batsmen hit for sixes blindfolded. Mahela, though, gets too much under it, and finds deep midwicket;Mahela Jayawardene c Hussey b Lee 86 (86m 63b 12x4 1x6) SR: 136.5;
19.1;4;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs and here salt enters the wounds... length ball on the pads, and he has flicked it square for four;
19.1;1nb;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, (no ball) perhaps that's why I am not the captain.. this is a high full toss, Mahela opens the face on it, and hits it straight down short third man's throat. Mahela is in no hurry to walk off, he wants the height of this full toss checked. Replays suggest this is slightly higher than his waits, but his legs are bent a bit. And hang on. They have called this a no-ball. Come on umpires, give the bowlers some leeway;
18.6;1;Hastings to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run this is bowled in ultra-slow motion, Jayawardene has to wait an eternity before driving it square for a single. Four over, three for 14 for the Duke;
18.5;2;Hastings to Mahela Jayawardene, 2 runs Jayawardene goes inside-out, drives towards sweeper-cover, Hussey does the fielding, and despite a bad bounce, keeps them down to two;
18.4;1;Hastings to Kulasekara, 1 run short of a length, muscled down to long-on for a single;
18.3;1;Hastings to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run the late-cut from Jayawardene, but just the single;
18.2;?;Hastings to Mahela Jayawardene, no run slower bouncer, Jayawardene is beaten on the pull, expects a call for a wide, but it is called one for the over;
18.1;1;Hastings to Kulasekara, 1 run Kula does his job by pushing this to long-on and bringing Jayawardene to the strike;
17.6;1;O'Keefe to Kulasekara, 1 run pushed to cover for a single, another good over for Australia;
17.5;?;O'Keefe to Kulasekara, no run turns this around the corner but can't beat short fine leg;
17.4;1;O'Keefe to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run low full toss, pushed to deep midwicket for a single;
17.3;W;O'Keefe to Perera, OUT Perera looks to send this out of Kandy, but hardly reaches long-on with a thick edge. Smith from long-on charges in and makes a dive to get his fingers under it;Dilruwan Perera c Smith b O'Keefe 0 (5m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
17.2;1;O'Keefe to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run leading edge from Mahela as he looks to turn this to leg, but it goes desperately wide of O'Keefe;
17.1;2;O'Keefe to Mahela Jayawardene, 2 runs nicely placed between long-on and deep midwicket for two;
16.6;?;Hastings to Perera, no run good short ball, just outside off, Perera looks to play the punch - too ambitious for a No. 8. Beaten;
16.6;1w;Hastings to Perera, 1 wide Hastings bowls the bouncer, but it is well down the leg side;
16.5;1;Hastings to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run late-cuts this one to third man for one;
16.4;1lb;Hastings to Perera, 1 leg bye picked off the legs for a single to fine leg;
16.3;W;Hastings to Angelo Mathews, OUT I can tell you John Wayne Hastings is showing his worth here, with his third wicket in his third over. Mathews charges at him and makes room, but Hastings bowls one aimed at top of off, Mathews looks to open the face but is too late;Angelo Mathews b Hastings 5 (7m 4b 1x4 0x6) SR: 125;
16.2;1;Hastings to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run well bowled, sees him coming, and goes short and into the body. All Mahela can manage is a bunt towards point for a single;
16.1;?;Hastings to Mahela Jayawardene, no run cross-batted swipe from Mahela, but can't beat midwicket;
15.6;4;Johnson to Angelo Mathews, FOUR runs Mathews checks in. Walks at Johnson, and smacks this over Jayawardene's head. Long-off has no chance to come around;
15.5;1;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run bad bounce for Hastings at third man, but he cleanly takes the rebound off his chest and takes them down to one;
15.4;?;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, no run slower ball, short outside off, beats Jayawardene's late-cut;
15.3;1;Johnson to Angelo Mathews, 1 run pushed towards long-on for a single;
15.2;?;Johnson to Angelo Mathews, no run played with an open face, but straight to point;
15.1;1;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run punched down the ground for a single;
14.6;W;Hastings to Jeevan Mendis, OUT Super stuff from Hastings, this could be a big over in the final equation. This is pitched middle and leg, and headed to just outside off, Mendis tries the chop towards third man, gets the bottom edge onto the stumps. Duke: 12 balls, 4 runs, 2 wickets;Jeevan Mendis b Hastings 1 (3m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
14.5;1lb;Hastings to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 leg bye Jayawardene walks right across the stumps, hit in front of the stumps, but this could just be going over the stumps. Leg-bye conceded;
14.4;1;Hastings to Jeevan Mendis, 1 run slogged this time, mis-hit towards long leg for one;
14.3;?;Hastings to Jeevan Mendis, no run back of a length, around off, pushed back to the bowler - Duke's figures: 9 balls, 3 runs, 1 wicket;
14.2;?;Hastings to Jeevan Mendis, no run angled across him, Mendis plays an uncertain cut, is beaten;
14.1;W;Hastings to Sangakkara, OUT Duke has got a wicket here. Just back of a length, Sanga manufactures the pull shot, hits it powerfully too, but straight to White at midwicket. The captain contributes;Kumar Sangakkara c White b Hastings 24 (20m 16b 1x4 1x6) SR: 150;
13.6;1;Smith to Sangakkara, 1 run low full toss, it is mis-hit towards long-on, but doesn't carry to the fielder;
13.5;1;Smith to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run plays the inside-out chip over extra cover for a single;
13.4;?;Smith to Mahela Jayawardene, no run walks across the stumps to sweep this fine, but can't beat short fine leg;
13.3;?;Smith to Mahela Jayawardene, no run driven inside-out after making room, but can't beat extra cover;
13.2;1;Smith to Sangakkara, 1 run driven down and along the ground for a single to long-on;
13.1;6;Smith to Sangakkara, SIX runs Sangakkara! Charges at Smith, not quite to the pitch of the ball, but goes ahead with the slog sweep. Flat, flat six accrues;
12.6;1;Hastings to Sangakkara, 1 run back of a length, punched down to long-on for one - just the four of this over, one of them a leg-bye;
12.5;1;Hastings to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run sees him give the charge, and bowls this short and into the body. They steal the leg-bye, though;
12.4;?;Hastings to Mahela Jayawardene, no run short ball, Jayawardene looks to run this down fine, there is extra bounce that beats him;
12.3;1;Hastings to Sangakkara, 1 run punched square for a single;
12.2;1;Hastings to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run late-cut for a single to third man;
12.1;?;Hastings to Mahela Jayawardene, no run length ball, into the pads, misses out as he hits it straight to midwicket;
11.6;4;O'Keefe to Sangakkara, FOUR runs the slog-sweep this time from Sanga, connected supremely for four, between deep midwicket and deep square leg;
11.5;2;O'Keefe to Sangakkara, 2 runs gets a bottom edge on this sweep, which goes between his leg, and very fine on the leg side;
11.4;1;O'Keefe to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run clipped off the pads for one;
11.3;4;O'Keefe to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs bee-you-tee-full shot... this is not driving length, and he just chips it non-violently over extra cover. the ball teases both long-off and sweeper-cover, and eludes both;
11.2;1;O'Keefe to Sangakkara, 1 run chips down the track and plays the chip shot towards deep midwicket;
11.1;?;O'Keefe to Sangakkara, no run length ball on the pads, played back to the bowler;
10.6;1;Hussey to Sangakkara, 1 run long hop, pulled powerfully, but can't beat deep midwicket;
10.5;1;Hussey to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run swept away fine for a single;
10.4;1;Hussey to Sangakkara, 1 run turned away towards square leg for a single;
10.3;?;Hussey to Sangakkara, no run inside edge onto the pad as he looks to force this to leg from outside off;
10.3;1w;Hussey to Sangakkara, 1 wide wide down the leg side... no turn this time;
10.2;2;Hussey to Sangakkara, 2 runs short and gentle, worked wide of midwicket for two;
10.1;1;Hussey to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run this would have been a big wide down the leg side had Jayawardene not worked it to short fine for one;
9.6;2;Smith to Sangakkara, 2 runs overpitched, outside off, driven down to long-on;
9.5;1;Smith to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run plays the reverse paddle now, can't beat the short third man this time;
9.4;?;Smith to Mahela Jayawardene, no run;
9.3;6;Smith to Mahela Jayawardene, SIX runs top shot again, moves across early, gets on a knee, and plays the regulation sweep in the air, and over the square leg fieldsman;
9.2;?;Smith to Mahela Jayawardene, no run Huge huge appeal for lbw, this is the straighter one, and beats Mahela's attempt to work it to leg. Pitched in front of middle, hits him in front of middle and leg. Slightly unlucky to not get that;
9.1;1;Smith to Sangakkara, 1 run full, outside off, flicked into the on side;
8.6;4;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs and the lady luck continues to tease Australia. This is a good offcutter outside off, gets a thick edge from Mahela, and beats third man who is pretty square. That's fifty for Mahela too;
8.5;W;Johnson to Perera, OUT the short ball does the job for Johnson. This is just outside off, shoulder-high, and Perera upper-cuts this one straight down Watson's throat at third man;Thisara Perera c Watson b Johnson 9 (4m 6b 1x4 0x6) SR: 150;
8.4;2;Johnson to Perera, 2 runs length ball, and Perera has hit the leather off this. Good job by Johnson to get a hand to it, but it still needs some chasing by O'Keefe from long-on, to keep them down to two;
8.3;2;Johnson to Perera, 2 runs nothing going Australia's way. This is a good bouncer, but the top edge clears the wicketkeeper who is running back. John Hastings, though, makes a good save running from fine leg to behind the keeper, and relays it to Watson;
8.2;4;Johnson to Perera, FOUR runs slower ball, hit on the up, powerful shot, towards long-on, where O'Keefe misfields and costs Australia three runs;
8.1;?;Johnson to Perera, no run length ball, around off, played to straight extra cover;
7.6;1;Smith to Perera, 1 run full, outside off, clears the front leg, and muscles this to long-on for one;
7.5;W;Smith to Chandimal, OUT His tendency to play to leg has got him! For the second time in this over he tries to work a legbreak to from well outside off to the leg side. Gets a healthy leading edge that carries to Smith;Dinesh Chandimal c & b Smith 13 (24m 11b 2x4 0x6) SR: 118.18;
7.4;4;Smith to Chandimal, FOUR runs unfortunate for Australia. Chandimal skips out of the crease, doesn't quite get to the pitch, but the thick edge goes fine of short third man. No slip obviously;
7.3;2;Smith to Chandimal, 2 runs flatter, into the pads, punched away square, gets a couple for it;
7.2;?;Smith to Chandimal, no run fuller legbreak, Chandimal looks to turn this to leg, ends up playing it back to the bowler;
7.1;1;Smith to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run short and wide, cut away into front of square. Gets just the single. Will think he has missed out on this gift;
6.6;1;O'Keefe to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run pushed into the on side for another single;
6.5;1;O'Keefe to Chandimal, 1 run drops this into the on side for a single;
6.4;1;O'Keefe to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run short and wide, cut away to sweeper-cover;
6.3;?;O'Keefe to Mahela Jayawardene, no run the arm ball, played back to O'Keefe off the inside half of the bat;
6.2;?;O'Keefe to Mahela Jayawardene, no run sharp turn this time, beats Jayawardene's attempt to run it down;
6.1;2;O'Keefe to Mahela Jayawardene, 2 runs and accordingly Jayawardene exploits the deep-set fields by playing softly, and wide of long-on for two;
5.6;?;Johnson to Chandimal, no run full and wide outside off, beats Chandimal's attempt to squirt it past point;
5.5;1;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run goes over the cover ring this time, one bounce to sweeper-cover;
5.4;?;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, no run angled wide outside off, Jayawardene misses the line this time. That's some respite for Australia;
5.3;4;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs sensational stuff, and yet not a hint of violence. Punches this on the up, and bisects cover and extra cover. Those five men can just stand and watch;
5.2;4;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs this is even better because this is along the ground, and pierces the five-men cover ring. Slightly slower delivery, waits for it, and cuts it in front of square, between cover and extra cover;
5.1;4;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs Toying around with the bowlers here... Another length ball, outside off, and he drives it with an open face, deliberately over point;
4.6;4;Lee to Chandimal, FOUR runs Chandimal joins the party. Gets under a length ball and lofts it over mid-off - 15 off the over;
4.5;1;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run backs away to try to go over the covers, manages just a mis-hit to mid-off, but steals the single;
4.4;4;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs poor delivery, and punished accordingly... full toss on the pads, with the fine leg up, flicked past that fielder;
4.3;4;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs Clever cricket... slower bouncer, Jayawardene shapes up for the pull, then withdraws from it, and just as an afterthought, deflects this over the keeper's head. Can't set fields for these;
4.2;1;Lee to Chandimal, 1 run low full toss, gets a thick outside edge, towards third man;
4.1;1;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run plays the late-cut this time. Johnson at third man gets a bad bounce, but keeps them down to one;
3.6;1;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run back of a length, outside off, pushed to mid-off for a quick single. Johnson puts in a superb dive to back this wild throw up, from Warner at mid-off;
3.5;?;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, no run Jayawardene goes after a widish delivery. No feet, and hence not close to the line. Beaten;
3.4;1;Johnson to Chandimal, 1 run worked off the pads, gets a single wide of mid-on;
3.3;?;Johnson to Chandimal, no run length ball outside off, pushed to cover, Chandimal sends Jayawardene back. Good call;
3.2;?;Johnson to Chandimal, no run angled across Chandimal, who cuts without feet movement. Is beaten;
3.1;1;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run good short delivery, Jayawardene looks to turn this to leg, gets a leading edge for a single;
2.6;W;Lee to Dilshan, OUT Given out lbw! Lee is so convinced he doesn't even appeal until he has reached the stumps at the striker's end. This is a length ball, angling into the pads, Dilshan moves across, plays across the line, and misses. My initial reaction was that it might be going down, but I am neither the umpire nor the replay operator. Replay shows it pitched in front of middle, and hit Dilshan in front of leg, just outside the crease. Perhaps clipping leg then;Tillakaratne Dilshan lbw b Lee 4 (9m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
2.5;1;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run near yorker, on the pads, dug out for a single;
2.4;4;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs this is top batting. A slower ball from Lee, Jayawardene pauses his shot for a second, then presses play once the ball arrives, cutting it between cover-point and backward point, who are within hand-shaking distance of each other;
2.3;?;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, no run some premeditation here as he looks to make room. lee goes full and outside off. Jayawardene ends up swinging inside the line;
2.2;4;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs Jayawardene is off to a quick start, this is just a touch too straight, and he muscles it wide of deep square leg;
2.1;1;Lee to Dilshan, 1 run slower bouncer, nicely pulled away, keeps it down by rolling his wrists on it;
1.6;?;O'Keefe to Mahela Jayawardene, no run looks for the back-cut, finds backward point;
1.5;4;O'Keefe to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs this is like the lob winner in tennis, steps down the wicket, and chips it over mid-on, easy does it;
1.4;4;O'Keefe to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs beautiful, beautiful shot, makes room, goes inside out, all along the ground, between cover and extra cover;
1.3;1;O'Keefe to Dilshan, 1 run another near played-on dismissal! Dilshan looks to cut this, but the ball hasn't turned enough, and the bottom edge bounces over the stumps;
1.2;1;O'Keefe to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run premeditated sweep, from outside off, gets a single to short fine;
1.1;1;O'Keefe to Dilshan, 1 run flighted delivery, driven wide of mid-off for one;
0.6;?;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, no run length ball on the pads, Jayawardene misses out on easy runs. Is hit on the pad;
0.5;?;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, no run slower ball, driven to mid-off;
0.4;1;Lee to Dilshan, 1 run Drama! Lovely bouncer, right at Dilshan's throat. He gets a a limp top edge, which falls towards square leg, within Lee's reach. Lee runs off for the catch, but collides with Jayawardene who is taking the single. No question of obstructing the field, though: Jayawardene didn't do it on purpose;
0.3;?;Lee to Dilshan, no run more swing for Lee, a loose little poke by Dilshan. Beaten;
0.2;1;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run nearly played on! This one doesn't swing, and hence the inside edge from Jayawardene. Misses the stumps, though;
0.1;?;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, no run the first ball swings away, Jayawadene goes after it, and is beaten. To be fair to Jayawardene, the length was there to be driven;

All right. Set to go. Brett Lee to bowl to Mahela Jayawardene. One slip in place
6.50pm As Daniel Brettig's toss bulletin, which will be up soon, points out, Aaron Finch is going back to Australia without having played a game!
Toss: Sri Lanka have won and chosen to bat. Two changes for them: Thisara Perera and Ajantha Mendis come in. Suranga Lakmal and Dhammika Prasad sit out. Australia haven't made any changes, but they better be prepared for a five-man spin attack: Dilruwan Perera, the two Mendises, Rangana Herath and Tillakaratne Dilshan. And today's game is to be played on the same pitch as two days ago, which Russel Arnold reckons is dry
6.25pm Hello and welcome to the second T20I between Sri Lanka and Australia. The good news is the clear skies. As of now at least. Sri Lanka absolutely hammered Australia two days ago; they will want to win the series today.
 Innings Start
That's all we have from the T20 series. Do join us for the first ODI on August 10. Until then, this is Sidharth Monga saying goodbye. Cheers
Time for presentation. "Definitely that was a brilliant catch, the turning point," says Tillakaratne Dilshan. "We knew one or two wickets put pressure there. We were hanging in, and waiting for a breakthrough. This series is definitely a big advantage going into the ODI and Test series. I want to thank the fans who have come here and supported the team."
Ajantha Mendis, the Man of the Match, talks to Roshan Abeyasinghe in Sinhalese. And despite my three trips to the beautiful Sri Lanka, I am disppointed to inform you I know no more than a few Sinhalese words. The translation from Roshan: "I came in with a lot of practice behind me, and I am very pleased that Sri Lanka won the match and the series."
Says Cameron White: "Unfortunately not good enough again. Clearly some work to be done. No excuses after the start Shane Watson gave. We just had to find a way, but couldn't. Ajantha Mendis bowled beautifully. The rest of the series will be quite tough, and we will get turning wickets for sure after today."
Shane Watson scored 57 off 24 in a chase of 158. That should be enough to win most Twenty20 games. Not this one, for Mendis turned up with record figures of 4-1-16-6. And what a relay catch by Mathews and Jayawardene at the boundary. Jayawardene followed it up with a super run-out. Not to mention his 86 when batting. Lovely T20 cricket from Sri Lanka. We will have the presentation soon
Sri Lanka are in a huddle. Hastings needs consolation, and gets it from Lee. What a superb show of Twenty20 skill from Sri Lanka to pull this one back. Angelo Mathews on that super catch: "Pure instincts. Just saw Mahela and went for it. I wasn't looking at the boundary, just wanted to take the catch, and relay it to Mahela after I saw it."
19.6;1;Perera to Lee, 1 run wide full toss, hit down the ground for one. Sri Lanka have won 2-0. Mendis is overjoyed, and why not;
19.5;1;Perera to Hastings, 1 run Sri Lanka have won barring extras now. Hastings slogs and gets a single to long-on. The crowd erupts. Ajantha Mendis applauds;
19.4;1;Perera to Lee, 1 run length ball outside off, heaved down to long-on for a single;
19.3;2;Perera to Lee, 2 runs gets an inside edge on a length ball, which goes past short fine for a couple;
19.2;W;Perera to White, OUT and there's the game for Sri Lanka! This is a low full toss, White makes room and goes for the six, all he manages is an inside edge onto the off stump;Cameron White b NLTC Perera 39 (49m 32b 1x4 3x6) SR: 121.87;
19.1;1;Perera to Hastings, 1 run Hastings does his job by driving this half-volley to long-off. White on strike now;
18.6;6;Kulasekara to White, SIX runs but it wouldn't have mattered if there were all 10 of them, White gets under this length ball and muscles it over wide long-on for six;
18.5;2;Kulasekara to White, 2 runs another full toss, hit powerfully down the ground, but not straight enough of long-on. However, he comes back for two;
18.4;1;Kulasekara to Hastings, 1 run full toss, heaves at it, gets a thick edge for a single to third man;
18.3;?;Kulasekara to Hastings, no run another yorker full and wide, Hastings moves towards off, then backs away, but still doesn't manage contact with the ball;
18.2;?;Kulasekara to Hastings, no run another yorker wide of off, Hastings has backed away, which makes it impossible for him to reach this. Smart bowling;
18.1;?;Kulasekara to Hastings, no run yorker outside off, beats his jab, gets a precious dot through;
18.1;2nb;Kulasekara to White, (no ball) 1 run a gentle full toss, White gives it an almighty heave, gets a thick edge to third man. They don't take the second despite the fumble in the deep. Called no-ball for height. identical height to the Jayawardene faced earlier. At least they are consistent;
17.6;1;Mendis to White, 1 run carrom ball again, worked away off the pads for a single. White keeps strike, but what about Mendis? 4-1-16-6, including a double-wicket maiden! best figures in T20Is;
17.5;W;Mendis to White, 1 run, OUT the carrom ball, White comes down the crease, pushes this towards long-on with soft hands, always wants the second, and comes for it. Jayawardene chases from midwicket, puts the slide in, the throw is right beside the stumps, and O'Keefe's dive ends inches short. This is top stuff from Sri Lanka;Steve O'Keefe run out (Jayawardene/BAW Mendis) 1 (2m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
17.4;1;Mendis to O'Keefe, 1 run the googly, O'Keefe goes deep into the crease and pushes this down to long-on;
17.3;W;Mendis to Johnson, OUT Six and out! Mendis becomes the first bowler to take six wickets in a T20I innings. Carrom ball this time, short and asking to be pulled, Johnson tries the shot, but this one deviates just a little to beat the bat, and hit the stumps;Mitchell Johnson b BAW Mendis 7 (9m 11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 63.63;
17.2;2;Mendis to Johnson, 2 runs the googly, which Johnson reads and cuts this towards sweeper-cover. Chandimal over-runs it initially, but makes a desperate dive to prevent this boundary;
17.1;4b;Mendis to Johnson, 4 byes That's a valuable shot for four byes! Johnson looks for the reverse-lap, blind-sighting Sangakkara, the ball beats both the batsman and the keeper. this would have been a wide had Johnson not tried the reverse shot;
16.6;4;Jeevan Mendis to White, FOUR runs the slog-sweep from White, beats deep midwicket. White keeps Australia alive;
16.5;1;Jeevan Mendis to Johnson, 1 run googly again, too obvious, hit down to long-off for one;
16.4;?;Jeevan Mendis to Johnson, no run another googly, pushed back to Mendis;
16.3;1;Jeevan Mendis to White, 1 run legbreak, full, outside off, heaved along the ground to long-on;
16.2;1;Jeevan Mendis to Johnson, 1 run pushes to midwicket and sets off for a desperate single, Dilshan misses;
16.1;?;Jeevan Mendis to Johnson, no run googly, beats Johnson comprehensively, misses the top of off by inches;
15.6;1;Mendis to Johnson, 1 run googly again, but too short, and pulled powerfully to deep midwicket - three runs and two wickets off the over;
15.5;?;Mendis to Johnson, no run the flighted googly, beats Johnson, what a top over;
15.4;?;Mendis to Johnson, no run the floated across the left-hander, pushed to cover;
15.3;2;Mendis to Johnson, 2 runs bowls the carrom ball on the pads, turned past the forward short leg for two;
15.2;W;Mendis to Haddin, OUT Whoa! Five six, pick up the sticks! Australia are not reading him at all. Increase the font size, Ajantha. This is the googly, well flighted, Hadding plays for the leg break, this pitches well outside off, and takes the top of off. Five wickets in 14 balls! First five-for for SL in T20Is;Brad Haddin b BAW Mendis 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
15.1;W;Mendis to Smith, OUT Mendis is operating in a language completely alien to the Aussies. There is this massive panic that is overcoming them at the sight of Mendis. Smith has been playing good orthodox cricket until now, but he makes room here, and this carrom ball goes straight on as opposed to turning away. Smith's bat is outside the line, the middle stumps is out of ground, and Kandy is on its feet;Steven Smith b BAW Mendis 12 (21m 19b 1x4 0x6) SR: 63.15;
14.6;1;Jeevan Mendis to Smith, 1 run short and wide, but he has pulled this down to long-on for one;
14.5;1;Jeevan Mendis to White, 1 run played against the turn for a single, there is not one man inside the circle on the on side, and Jeevan Mendis is having to do the fielding himself;
14.4;1;Jeevan Mendis to Smith, 1 run comes down the track, drops this into the on side with soft hands, runs hard, but the second is not on;
14.3;1;Jeevan Mendis to White, 1 run White pushes this legbreak down to long-on for another single, this partnership looks good for Australia;
14.2;1;Jeevan Mendis to Smith, 1 run big sweep, along the ground, gets a single to deep square;
14.1;1;Jeevan Mendis to White, 1 run turned around the corner for a single;
13.6;?;Herath to Smith, no run Smith dances down the track to play the forward defensive, more because he realised he wasn't close to the pitch of the delivery;
13.6;1w;Herath to Smith, 1 wide carrom ball, but misdirected, pitches leg, and goes further down;
13.5;1;Herath to White, 1 run length ball, on the pads, turned around the corner for a single;
13.4;2;Herath to White, 2 runs and a lovely follow-up for that six, placed with soft hands, just wide of long-on, and hares back for the second;
13.3;6;Herath to White, SIX runs bear pays a superb shot here... he has begun to look confident now. Makes room, goes inside-out, goes bug, over extra cover. That's the White we knew in the better days;
13.2;1;Herath to Smith, 1 run comes down the track to place it into the on side for a single;
13.1;?;Herath to Smith, no run this seems to be the arm ball, quick, fired in at off, Smith has to hurry into bringing the bat down. No run as this goes straight to short third;
12.6;?;Jeevan Mendis to White, no run chips down the track, and drives this straight, only for Mendis to make a diving save off his own bowling;
12.5;?;Jeevan Mendis to White, no run;
12.4;6;Jeevan Mendis to White, SIX runs that's more of what Australia need, a nice juicy full toss, and White makes room, and clears long-off by inches. Wonder how Mathews would have reacted had he - and not Kulasekara - been fielding there;
12.3;?;Jeevan Mendis to White, no run White charges at Mendis, who pulls the length back, White is in no position to play a shot, and thrusts a pad at him;
12.2;?;Jeevan Mendis to White, no run flighted outside off, tentatively defended back;
12.1;1;Jeevan Mendis to Smith, 1 run flighted on the pads, turned around the corner for one;
11.6;1;Perera to Smith, 1 run short and flat, turned to backward square leg for one;
11.5;4;Perera to Smith, FOUR runs this would have been a sure wide down the leg side, but Smith intervened and glanced it fine of short fine for four;
11.4;?;Perera to Smith, no run full and quick, pushed to midwicket, another dot;
11.3;1lb;Perera to White, 1 leg bye the premeditated sweep from well outside off, gets a leg-bye;
11.2;1;Perera to Smith, 1 run guided wide of point for a single;
11.1;1;Perera to White, 1 run short ball, pushed to long-on for one;
10.6;1;Jeevan Mendis to White, 1 run driven down to long-off for one now;
10.5;?;Jeevan Mendis to White, no run top work from Sanga, anticipates the White paddle and moves well down the leg side to take a hit on the chest. And he is admonishing himself for not taking the catch. That was not a chance;
10.4;?;Jeevan Mendis to White, no run the wrong'un, pushed back to the bowler;
10.3;?;Jeevan Mendis to White, no run that turned a yard after pitching middle and off, and what a one-handed take from Sanga, there was hardly any time to adjust for this one;
10.2;2;Jeevan Mendis to White, 2 runs clever shot, paddled over the keeper's head for two. Can't set fields for those;
10.1;?;Jeevan Mendis to White, no run full legbreak, pushed square but finds point;
9.6;?;Perera to Smith, no run flighted outside off, driven back to Perera;
9.5;1;Perera to White, 1 run pushed to long-on for one;
9.4;1;Perera to Smith, 1 run turned to leg, gets a single;
9.3;?;Perera to Smith, no run short, hit-me delivery, but Australia are so tentative this is pushed to midwicket;
9.2;1lb;Perera to White, 1 leg bye tries the big sweep, gets a big inside edge onto the pad, will get a single;
9.1;?;Perera to White, no run big offreak, hits White high on the pad;
8.6;?;Herath to Smith, no run full and straight, pushed back to Smith;
8.5;?;Herath to Smith, no run another big turner, pitches outside leg, hits his thigh pad in front of off;
8.4;?;Herath to Smith, no run slightly round-arm, gets big turn, Smith manges to defend it back to Herath;
8.3;?;Herath to Smith, no run full outside off, driven to extra cover;
8.2;W;Herath to Hussey, OUT Australia are in the tanglest of tangles here, and Kandy is going wild! Flighted delivery, orthodox turner from Herath, dipping slightly, Hussey plays all around it, the ball doesn't turn to make it look worse. Clatter behind Hussey;David Hussey b Herath 2 (13m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
8.1;2;Herath to Hussey, 2 runs good shot from Hussey, the extra-cover drive for a couple;
7.6;?;Mendis to White, no run Double-wicket maiden! Carrom ball this time, pushed to extra cover. This over was Sri Lankan cricket at its most beautiful. Innovation after innovation, and they have stormed right back into this match;
7.5;?;Mendis to White, no run whoa, tentative forward defensive shot;
7.4;W;Mendis to Marsh, OUT Marsh couldn't read Mendis if he wrote it in all caps... this is the fllghted googly, Marsh is sucked out of the crease, is beaten in the flight, plays for the legbreak, is beaten by the turn away from him. Sanga does the rest. Boy, are Sri Lanka back in this one?;Shaun Marsh st ?Sangakkara b Mendis 0 (3m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
7.3;?;Mendis to Marsh, no run another carrom ball, quick and fast, pushed back to Mendis;
7.2;?;Mendis to Marsh, no run huge huge shout, wonder why this is not given... carrom ball, pitches leg, turning in, missing leg. Top decision under pressure;
7.1;W;Mendis to Warner, OUT My word. We need a new scoring entry for this. Caught Jayawardene b Mendis simply won't do! Sit down and hear this out. Warner slog-sweeps this, Mathews takes the catch at the edge of midwicket boundary, but just as he is about to run over the fence with his momentum, he throws the ball back in - both his feet in the air. The closest fielder is 30 metres from him, but he has lobbed it back that far! Australia can't believe it. The replays aren't lying. Top presence of mind from Mathews and Mahela. Relayed Mathews caught Jayawardene bowled Mendis!;David Warner c Jayawardene b Mendis 16 (29m 18b 2x4 0x6) SR: 88.88;
6.6;?;Herath to Hussey, no run full and straight, Hussey plays a respectful forward defensive;
6.5;1;Herath to Warner, 1 run pushed through again, this time Warner gets a single to long-off;
6.4;?;Herath to Warner, no run quick, flat on the pads, played to midwicket;
6.3;?;Herath to Warner, no run some dip on this one, and driven back to Herath;
6.2;?;Herath to Warner, no run length ball outside off, driven straight to extra cover;
6.1;?;Herath to Warner, no run carrom ball, Warner doesn't read it, is beaten as it leaves him. Warner is playing for the one coming in;
5.6;1;Mendis to Warner, 1 run another carom ball, gets the inside edge from Warner, but he manages the single to short fine;
5.5;W;Mendis to Watson, OUT the slog sweep gets Watson after five sixes... this I suspect is the carrom ball that leaves Watson, and takes the top edge as he goes for his sixth six. Thisara Perera takes the catch at long-off;Shane Watson c NLTC Perera b Mendis 57 (22m 24b 6x4 5x6) SR: 237.5;
5.4;?;Mendis to Watson, no run quicker, flatter again, and hit straight to extra cover;
5.3;6;Mendis to Watson, SIX runs the googly from Mendis. Doesn't matter to Watson. He sees the flight, opens up the front leg, and slogs it over long-on. Just over, might I add;
5.2;?;Mendis to Watson, no run flat and quick, Watson opens the face on it, can't beat short third man;
5.1;1;Mendis to Warner, 1 run short on the pads, and Warner hands it over to Watson with a single to leg;
4.6;4;Herath to Watson, FOUR runs flat ball, and Watson rocks back to cut this for four to bring up a sensational fifty. Australia are running away;
4.5;?;Herath to Watson, no run another attempt at a huge six, but this time he gets a bottom edge onto the pads;
4.4;6;Herath to Watson, SIX runs mis-hit for six... Watto's fourth off the last five balls he has faced. he went for the slog sweep here, didn't quite reach the pitch of the ball, but still sent it sailing over wide long-on;
4.3;6;Herath to Watson, SIX runs long hop, oh ho ho, you are asking for trouble Rangana... Watson pulls this over long-on for a huge six - three sixes in last four balls;
4.2;?;Herath to Watson, no run another carrom ball, beats Watson, but it is headed down the leg side. Mini collision between Herath and Warner. Warner lets him have a moutful;
4.1;1;Herath to Warner, 1 run starts off with the carrom ball that leaves the left-hand batsmen. The leading edge doesn't reach short third on the full;
3.6;6;Perera to Watson, SIX runs another one, Australia are dominating this chase, bowled flatter by Dilruwan on the off stump but Watto had made up his mind, bent low, took it from outside off and smote it into the crowd behind the deep midwicket boundary;
3.5;6;Perera to Watson, SIX runs slog-sweep, he plays that well and deposits one into the stands, flighted on middle and off and Watson punishes it;
3.4;?;Perera to Watson, no run went on straight and he played inside the line, expecting it to turn, got a thick outside edge into the off side;
3.3;1;Perera to Warner, 1 run turned away into the leg side off the back foot;
3.2;?;Perera to Warner, no run pushed into the leg side;
3.1;4;Perera to Warner, FOUR runs that's a switch-hit, it appears he changed his grip there, tossed up on the leg stump and he changes his grip and slog-sweeps it past extra cover for a cracking boundary;
2.6;4;Kulasekara to Watson, FOUR runs Lovely lovely shot... violent but good to watch. Hit on the up, absolutely murdered between the bowler and the stumps. All along the ground;
2.5;?;Kulasekara to Watson, no run full ball, hit straight to midwicket;
2.4;4;Kulasekara to Watson, FOUR runs shot... beautiful cover-drive, on the up, along the ground, and rickets between cover and extra cover. This wasn't even driving length;
2.3;1;Kulasekara to Warner, 1 run back of a length, pushed to mid-on for a quick single;
2.2;4;Kulasekara to Warner, FOUR runs short ball, bread and butter for Warner, pulled along the ground for four;
2.1;?;Kulasekara to Warner, no run punched on the up, wide of mid-off;
1.6;4;Perera to Watson, FOUR runs half-steer-half-edged for four, this is just short of a length outside off, and he is always looking to open the face, but this goes much finer than expected;
1.5;4;Perera to Watson, FOUR runs the crowd is stunned into silence here. This is short and wide, and nonchalantly cut away for four. Not the smartest delivery with the third man up;
1.4;2;Perera to Watson, 2 runs heaved away, along the ground, wide of midwicket, gets a couple;
1.3;4;Perera to Watson, FOUR runs typical Watson shot, plants the big front foot down, and biffs this length ball over mid-on... this will fast-track the introduction of spin;
1.2;1;Perera to Warner, 1 run worked off the hips for a single;
1.1;?;Perera to Warner, no run length ball on the pads, pushed back to the bowler;
0.6;?;Kulasekara to Watson, no run driven on the up, to cover, doesn't find the gap;
0.5;?;Kulasekara to Watson, no run square-drive, but straight to point, on the bounce;
0.4;1;Kulasekara to Warner, 1 run worked off the hips for a single;
0.3;1;Kulasekara to Watson, 1 run gets a thick edge on a drive outside off, gets the single;
0.2;?;Kulasekara to Watson, no run huge belter of a shout from Sangakkara, he was headed well down the leg side himself as this was swinging down d down the leg side, but boy did he let that appeal rip? Correctly called not out because of the huge swing. It his him in front of middle;
0.1;?;Kulasekara to Watson, no run starts with the perfect inswinger, headed for top of off, gets an inside edge onto the pad;

We are back for what promises to be a fun second half. Out come Watson and Warner. Kulasekara to bowl his big inswingers, and the surprise straight ones. One slip in
 Innings Start
Sri Lanka
Australia
2nd T20I (N), Pallekele, Aug 8 2011, Australia tour of Sri Lanka
157/9
149/9
Player of the match is Ajantha Mendis, SL
Sri Lanka won by 8 runs
