Data
Hello all, Will here. It'll be Strauss to take the first ball from Brett Lee
It will now be Will Luke to take you through to the end.
So Australia have declared on a mammoth 602 for 9 after a smashing batting display in which most of the batsmen contributed. Ponting led his men well, just missing out on his double ton; Flintoff did his best and he too missed out on the chance to go for a milestone of five wickets as Ponting called his troops in.
154.6;2;Harmison to Lee, 2 runs just wide of the fielder on the off-side and Ponting comes to the boundary to call in his men;
154.5;4;Harmison to Lee, FOUR runs lovely shot, up and over down to third man to bring up Australia's 600. Ponting is standing on the boundary, smiling, as well he might;
154.4;?;Harmison to Lee, no run cut just behind point;
154.3;3;Harmison to McGrath, 3 runs firmly struck drive just wide of extra-cover;
154.2;1;Harmison to Lee, 1 run larruped off the back foot to point;
154.1;?;Harmison to Lee, no run that's lashed hard into the ground and reaches Giles in the covers on the bounce;
153.6;?;Flintoff to McGrath, no run another defence, this one off the back foot and into the covers;
153.5;?;Flintoff to McGrath, no run defended;
153.4;1;Flintoff to Lee, 1 run Flintoff fires in a low-ish bouncer and Lee swivels right round, trying to get out of the way. He leaves his bat dangling in the air and it takes an edge, but it evades Jones's outstretched grasp. Lee and Flintoff eye each other afterwards, and exchange smiles;
153.3;?;Flintoff to Lee, no run defended down off the back foot;
153.2;2;Flintoff to Lee, 2 runs another attempted yorker and that's hit over to square;
153.1;1;Flintoff to McGrath, 1 run too full and that's driven into the covers this time;
152.6;?;Harmison to Lee, no run ooh, short and wide and Lee lashes at it with haste, but misses;
152.5;?;Harmison to Lee, no run a better shot from Lee, a better position and his head was over the ball, as he drove it into the covers;
152.4;?;Harmison to Lee, no run ooh, that one nearly did for Lee there as he plays down the wrong line and nearly gets an inside edge - it carries on through to the keeper;
152.3;1;Harmison to McGrath, 1 run top improvisation from ooh-aah Glenn as he moves across his stumps, closes his eyes, and hoicks it behind square;
152.2;?;Harmison to McGrath, no run an easy defensive shot into the covers;
152.1;?;Harmison to McGrath, no run tries to pull that one and shuffles across the stumps to do so, but misses;
151.6;?;Flintoff to Lee, no run a swing and a miss to end the over;
151.5;1;Flintoff to McGrath, 1 run interesting - the batsman stuns the ball with a back foot half-defence, half-attack and it's pounced on by the man at mid-off who shies at the non-striker's stumps, misses, and they scramble a run;
151.4;1;Flintoff to Lee, 1 run a good shot, adjusting at the last minute to play it later than it expected and it bounces just in front off the man at third man;
151.3;1;Flintoff to McGrath, 1 run oh, a good run there from the batsmen as that's dinked into space just in front of the ring on the off-side;
151.2;?;Flintoff to McGrath, no run chases that one down leg and is too late on the shot;
151.1;?;Flintoff to McGrath, no run speared up there and that's driven forward;
150.6;?;Harmison to Lee, no run slashes hard at that one off the back foot and misses it completely;
150.5;4;Harmison to Lee, FOUR runs late-cut hard down to the third man boundary;
150.4;?;Harmison to Lee, no run up there and on the money and that's defended on the front foot;
150.3;1;Harmison to McGrath, 1 run tucked off his hips this time;
150.2;1;Harmison to Lee, 1 run clips that one off his hips;
150.1;?;Harmison to Lee, no run cut off the back foot straight to point where it's snaffled without alarm;
149.6;?;Flintoff to McGrath, no run that cannons into McGrath's bat and brings up a tidy wicket maiden;
149.5;?;Flintoff to McGrath, no run useful delivery and that swings slightly away from the right-hander;
149.4;?;Flintoff to McGrath, no run more of the short stuff from Flintoff but McGrath's approach is better and he stands tall to defend off the back foot;
149.3;?;Flintoff to McGrath, no run ouch, the bouncer comes straight at McGrath and the silly billy takes his eyes off it and gets rapped on the upper arm for his troubles;
149.2;?;Flintoff to McGrath, no run;
149.1;W;Flintoff to Clark, OUT gottim. The straight yorker did the job and the timber goes flying... but Clark walks off to a rousing reception from the crowd for his entertaining, and useful, knock;Stuart Clark b Flintoff 39 (34m 23b 3x4 2x6) SR: 169.56;
148.6;?;Harmison to Lee, no run a slower ball, wide, but Lee plays it anyway, just sending a gentle drive into the covers;
148.5;1;Harmison to Clark, 1 run driven off the back foot to bring up the 50 partnership in just 44 balls;
148.4;3;Harmison to Lee, 3 runs a hook this time;
148.3;3;Harmison to Clark, 3 runs now, there was a chance. Clark went for the hook, took his eyes off that one and sent it high over to Cook who ran round and made a complete hash out of that, just getting outstretched fingertips to it;
148.2;?;Harmison to Clark, no run "waiting" is the cry as Clark steers that one into the covers off the back foot;
148.1;?;Harmison to Clark, no run ooh, Harmison tries the bouncer and Clark tries the hook... but completely misses, being too late on the shot... that was very nearly a wide it was so high;

Australia - and the crowd in particular - are really enjoying this, as their batsmen are rattling along, much to England's frustration. What will Flintoff's plan be now? He's having a chat with Harmison, smiling wryly, and prepares to bowl.
 Innings Start
Hoggard to start from the Stanley Street End
Only once has a side started a second innings with a greater lead - in 1929--30 England led West Indies with a lead of 543 over West Indies in a timeless Test that was drawn (don't ask)
Australia will bat again. Well knock me down with a feather ... they only lead by 445 runs
Australia left fairly quickly with their batsmen leading the way. Surely they're not going to bat again? A moment of amusement as McGrath bends and staggers off like an octogenarian .... a dig at those so willing to write him off as past it. He's earned the right to do that ...
61.1;W;McGrath to Giles, OUT Horrible shot, but what option did he have? Giles took two steps to leg and aimed a swipe at it ... the ball came off the toe-end of the bat and went high to Hayden deep cover where took a decent catch over his shoulder. McGrath was immediately mobbed by his colleagues and he emerged, grinning, holding the ball aloft;Ashley Giles c Hayden b McGrath 24 (61m 39b 4x4 0x6) SR: 61.53;
60.6;?;Clark to Anderson, no run Anderson had a pop at that and ended driving at air;
60.5;?;Clark to Anderson, no run wide, and even with the change of angle Anderson didn't have to play that;
60.4;?;Clark to Anderson, no run full length and played up to mid-off;
60.3;?;Clark to Anderson, no run yorker which Anderson does well to dig out;
60.2;1;Clark to Giles, 1 run pushed into the covers for an easy single;
60.1;?;Clark to Giles, no run Giles gives himself room, Clark follows him;
59.6;2;McGrath to Anderson, 2 runs leg side and well played by Anderson, flicked wide of long leg;
59.5;?;McGrath to Anderson, no run Anderson angles that all along the ground to third slip;
59.4;?;McGrath to Anderson, no run shorter and straighter but Anderson keeps everything out of the way;
59.3;?;McGrath to Anderson, no run outside off stump, angled across Anderson who was not tempted;
59.2;W;McGrath to Harmison, OUT McGrath has a five-for. Slightly short, seamed back in to Harmison and he played an odd shot as the ball brushed the face of the bat and straight to Gilchrist. The appeal was half-hearted but Bowden's bent finger was raised and there was not much doubt there. Safe to say that Harmison not in the reckoning for the Man of the Match ...;Steve Harmison c ?Gilchrist b McGrath 0 (5m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
59.1;1;McGrath to Giles, 1 run safely over the slips but only one as there is a third man;
58.6;?;Clark to Harmison, no run good end to the over for Clark. He now has 3 for 20;
58.5;?;Clark to Harmison, no run swish to one outside off stump and gets a big inside edge into his pads;
58.4;?;Clark to Harmison, no run this one is pitched up and Harmison has to use the bat;
58.3;?;Clark to Harmison, no run bouncer to greet the new batsman which he ducks, but it was well outside off stump and he needn't have bothered;
58.2;W;Clark to Hoggard, OUT drinks did the trick! Short of a length on off stump, Hoggard didn't get over it and the edge flew to the right of Giclchrist who held a decent one-handed catch about 18 inches off the ground.;Matthew Hoggard c ?Gilchrist b Clark 0 (12m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
58.1;?;Clark to Hoggard, no run on off stump and blocked;

Just had a chat with Andrew who has been sniffing round and he tells me that the security issues around the Gabba are not being exaggerated. He reports that the policing is, to put it mildly, excessive and it's killing the atmosphere. That has to be a shame. Nobody wants to be sitting amid a riot, but a few beach balls and a trumpet or two are hardly worth reading the riot act. Anyhow, back to the game ...
 Innings Start
England innings Here come Andrew Strauss and Alastair Cook to start chipping away at their 648... toothpicks and a glacier spring to mind.
Ricky Ponting has a back strain and so has not taken to the field, so vice-captain Adam Gilchrist will take on the skipper mantle in the interim.
Langer and Ponting race off the field, keen to get their team back on to have a dart at the English. Well batted Australia, declaring on 202 for 1 and leaving England need the small matter of 648 runs to win. Slightly more likely is the prospect of batting 11 hours for the draw but, need it be said, this match has Australia-win all over it - and has done since way back in the first innings. There will be 82 overs left today and 90 tomorrow.
45.1;1;Harmison to Langer, 1 run Langer punches the air in celebration of his ton as soon as he's hit that one to midwicket and races through the single. And Australia have declared - at last;
44.6;?;Hoggard to Ponting, no run another good one for Hoggard to finish with. Ponting, still batting outside his crease, presses forward to offer a forward defensive and the ball just eludes his outside edge;
44.5;4;Hoggard to Ponting, FOUR runs good response from Ponting, who helps himself to four runs with a mere flick over gully off the back foot;
44.4;?;Hoggard to Ponting, no run lovely ball from Hoggard, classic Hoggy, as it pitches on middle and veers away from the right-hander off the seam. Nearly had him there;
44.3;?;Hoggard to Ponting, no run oooh, that one nearly had him too, this time he jabs at the ball on his front foot and it just fails to share the inside edge;
44.2;?;Hoggard to Ponting, no run ooh, that one hit a crack - and swung loads to boot - and Ponting, fishing on his back foot, nearly edges that one through;
44.1;1;Hoggard to Langer, 1 run pushed hard to Giles at deep point who wings it back and Langer's now on 99 - he'll have to wait a bit longer for his ton;
43.6;?;Harmison to Ponting, no run that one rose and rose as it climbed past Ponting's nose just down the corridor outside off;
43.5;1;Harmison to Langer, 1 run an easy cover-drive and an easy single;
43.4;1;Harmison to Ponting, 1 run great shot, Ponting showing no sign of his injury, as he swivels on his back foot and pulls the ball with some force;
43.3;?;Harmison to Ponting, no run left alone in the channel outside off stump;
43.2;1;Harmison to Langer, 1 run ooh. The ball hit the edge of the crack and flew off Langer's edge into the vacant gully area;
43.1;?;Harmison to Langer, no run on the off stump and Langer merely presents the face of the bat to send it to the man in at cover;
42.6;?;Hoggard to Ponting, no run left alone outside off stump;
42.5;1;Hoggard to Langer, 1 run a rush of a shot at that short one and the late-cut sends the ball in the air over the slips and bouncing in front of Cook at third man;
42.4;?;Hoggard to Langer, no run ooh, a swish and a miss and that runs through to Jones;
42.3;4;Hoggard to Langer, 4 runs lovely shot, a hook through midwicket off a ball which is just fractionally short but there's some good work out there to keep the ball in. Ponting is in some pain;
42.2;1;Hoggard to Ponting, 1 run Ponting's batting out of his crease here and he drives that one out to the man on the cover boundary. He looks to have injured himself, too, walking a little awkwardly as if he's tweaked something;
42.1;1;Hoggard to Langer, 1 run short and a touch of width as the ball goes across the left-hander who slaps it out to point as the batsmen coast mazily through for an easy single;
41.6;1;Harmison to Langer, 1 run better from Harmison, on the off stump, but still a touch short; Langer dinks it into the covers where there's a sharp shy of a return from Pietersen, with Ponting having to hurry to make his ground;
41.5;3;Harmison to Ponting, 3 runs lovely cover-drive from Ponting and there's a despairing dive from Flintoff first up and gets a hand on it but he gets up, continues to chase and eventually hunts it down just inside the rope;
41.4;?;Harmison to Ponting, no run the ball jags back off the seam and there's a huge shout for lbw as Ponting shuffles across his crease but it's way too high;
41.3;?;Harmison to Ponting, no run that's left alone outside the off stump;
41.2;1;Harmison to Langer, 1 run straight, but a touch short and that's jabbed off the hips and the batsmen scamper a quick single;
41.1;?;Harmison to Langer, no run short but it's on the right line-ish and that's defended;
40.6;?;Hoggard to Ponting, no run that one swings the most of all balls this over, but again it's not near enough for the batsman to be tempted;
40.5;?;Hoggard to Ponting, no run another wideish delivery, another leave;
40.4;?;Hoggard to Ponting, no run the batsman gets bat on ball for the first time today, as that one's closer to the stumps, and he drives without much power to cover;
40.3;?;Hoggard to Ponting, no run more arm shouldering as Hoggard fails to find a decent line. "What's the point of practising beforehand?" chunters Martin;
40.2;?;Hoggard to Ponting, no run similar ball, similar result - plus a big theatrical leave;
40.1;?;Hoggard to Ponting, no run pretty wide one swinging away first up, the batsman isn't interested in chasing that loosener;

Big cheers as Harmison gets ready to bowl... what can he do here? All eyes will be on his first ball. One slip in for him - and it's not at second
 Innings Start












That's about it from us. Thanks for staying with us through this match and join us again on Friday morning for the Adelaide Test. Your commentators in this Test have been Will Luke, Jenny Thompson and Martin Williamson and we will be back in three days. The final word comes from Boonie who, on cue, bursts into life with "I want a beer, I want a beer". What an excellent idea. Beefy, meanwhile, has fallen off the desk and is lying, beaten and silent, on the floor ...
Presentations Simon O'Donnell makes the presentation. He starts with Flintoff who admits that England "started a bit slow" and that " we are looking forward to bouncing back." And were they undercooked? "We've had a great preparation," he insists. What about Harmison? "It's fair to say Harmy didn't click in this game ... he works hard in the nets."
Ricky Ponting says it was "a pleasing start". On Glenn McGrath; "What a fantastic job he did. He's had his knockers and I know he was keen to prove them wrong." And he gets the Man-of-the-Match award - "aw, thanks, nice" - which is a crystal plate. "It's going to be hard to make changes to this side," he says when asked about the team for Adelaide.
The thrills of the post-match ceremony where sponsors try to get their logos on screen as much as possible to follow ... meanwhile, what do you think England should do at Adelaide ... send us your thoughts by clicking here.
The Australians, several clutching souvenir stumps, head off applauding the spectators who are in turn clapping them. The England side come out of the pavilion to shake hands with the winners.
England are now heading across to the Barmy Army to thank them for their support. In turn, the Barmy Army burst into song ...
100.1;W;Clark to Harmison, OUT it's over. Slightly short, Harmison hooks but off the top edge and straight down the throat of McGrath at long leg. The Australians rush to embrace each other in a celebratory huddle as the England batsmen troop off.;Steve Harmison c McGrath b Clark 13 (31m 18b 2x4 0x6) SR: 72.22;
99.6;?;Warne to Anderson, no run short and Anderson shapes to cut but is undone by a bit of extra bounce;
99.5;?;Warne to Anderson, no run wide into the rough, that really bit and turned;
99.4;4;Warne to Anderson, FOUR runs that was even wider and Anderson reaches and slashes that through point. That was a teaser and Anderson took the bait;
99.3;?;Warne to Anderson, no run watched and left alone, it turned but started too wide;
99.2;1;Warne to Harmison, 1 run gently run up to mid-off;
99.1;4;Warne to Harmison, FOUR runs Harmison may only have one shot - the sweep - but he plays it well. That one ended up flashing through wide midwicket;
98.6;?;Clark to Anderson, no run Anderson again safely keeps that one out;
98.5;?;Clark to Anderson, no run pushed into the covers;
98.4;?;Clark to Anderson, no run played into the leg side;
98.3;?;Clark to Anderson, no run angled into the slips, confident start;
98.2;W;Clark to Hoggard, OUT the two-card trick. One short, and the next full, outside off stump and Hoggard drives with no discernible foot movement and Warne takes a regulation catch at first slip. Click here for the picture;Matthew Hoggard c Warne b Clark 8 (49m 35b 1x4 0x6) SR: 22.85;
98.1;?;Clark to Hoggard, no run jagged back off the seam into Hoggard's chest. An audible grunt as it thuds into his body;
97.6;?;Warne to Harmison, no run Harmsion sweeps with such gusto that he almost falls over ... he misses it and it plops off his front leg fine on the leg side;
97.5;4;Warne to Harmison, FOUR runs;
97.4;2;Warne to Harmison, 2 runs fetched from outside off stump and in cow corner direction;
97.3;?;Warne to Harmison, no run Harmison sweeps and misses, the ball loops to short point off the pad and there's a confident appeal but again it missed by some way;
97.2;?;Warne to Harmison, no run fullish, no dramas;
97.1;?;Warne to Harmison, no run straight, Harmison forward and a loud shout but it pitched well outside leg. Warne knew that, you suspect, but the appeal adds to the pressure;
96.6;?;Clark to Hoggard, no run safely defended;
96.5;?;Clark to Hoggard, no run played into the covers;
96.4;?;Clark to Hoggard, no run short and Hoggard theatrically pulls back his bat;
96.3;?;Clark to Hoggard, no run short, Hoggard forced back and plays it with a degree of discomfort;
96.2;1;Clark to Harmison, 1 run flicked round to square leg;
96.1;?;Clark to Harmison, no run outside off stump and Harmison prods at it as if it he wanted to see if it was still alive;

Barmy Army must have been on a beer/toilet break. They're back and they're singing. Same songs, but what do you expect?
 Innings Start