Data
Mike Hussey has turned in the kind of performance Australia has come to expect from him. Australia were in big trouble when he came in, and in characteristic style, Hussey has turned it around with a smart innings. Steven Smith gave him sound support and Australia have recovered thanks to their stand of 74 in 7 overs. Still Bangladesh will fancy their chances, and Pakistan will be watching this game with a little bit of anxiety.
If Bangladesh chase this in 19 or fewer overs, Pakistan will be knocked out of the tournament. On the other hand, if Bangladesh bat out of their skins and get there in under 14.4 overs, Australia will miss out on the next stage, while Pakistan will go through with Bangladesh on net run rate. In other words, if Bangladesh chase the target in anything between 14.4 and 19 overs, Pakistan will be out of the tournament.
Lots to watch out for - should be an interesting chase.
19.6;2;Shafiul to Harris, 2 runs Harris drives to long off without any timing, so there was enough time to come back for the second. Good last over from Bangladesh, despite going for seven off the last two balls;
19.6;W;Shafiul to Hussey, 1 wide, OUT Smith is run out. That was very wide outside off and Hussey could not connect as he stretched out. Smith was eager to run across and nearly made his ground, but Rahim's under-arm got him just short of the crease. Great innings from Smith;Steven Smith run out (?Mushfiqur Rahim) 27 (29m 18b 1x4 2x6) SR: 150;
19.5;2;Shafiul to Hussey, 2 runs Hussey jumps out to convert the yorker into a hittable ball and takes it on the full, he drives it from outside off to the left of the fielder at long on who does extremely well to cover ground and fire in a sharp throw, but the bowler fails to collect cleanly as he tries to break the stumps. That is a missed run-out chance.;
19.4;1;Shafiul to Smith, 1 run another good yorker on leg stump, Smith does what he can and works it away to short fine leg for a single;
19.3;1;Shafiul to Hussey, 1 run good death bowling from Shafiul, he keeps it full outside off and Hussey can't get under it or time the swipe to long on. Just a single;
19.2;1;Shafiul to Smith, 1 run good ball, follows the batsman as he moves to the leg side, and cramps him for room. Smith gets it down to long on;
19.1;1;Shafiul to Hussey, 1 run full and very wide outside off, he does well to get bat on to that and it dribbles away to point;
18.6;?;Razzak to Smith, no run gets forward and looks to sweep, but misses. It trickles off the pads.;
18.5;?;Razzak to Smith, no run looks to swing it away again, but cannot get it away this time;
18.4;6;Razzak to Smith, SIX runs Smith smashed that to smithereens! Short of a length this time, he stays back and plays a violent pull, timing it well to send it flying over midwicket. The Smith family will be proud!;
18.3;1;Razzak to Hussey, 1 run swings it to the leg side and takes another tight single;
18.2;1;Razzak to Smith, 1 run down the track and goes through with the drive to extra cover;
18.1;6;Razzak to Smith, SIX runs Butchered! Shorter boundary on the leg side, and Smith went for it, with the expansive hoick over midwicket. Times perfectly;
15.6;2;Shafiul to Smith, 2 runs nicely played, it was short of a length outside off, Smith unfurled a nice looking square drive, that went to the left of point. It was tagged by third man running across near the ropes;
15.5;1;Shafiul to Hussey, 1 run again drives straight to Shakib who fumbles and Hussey gladly steals a single;
15.4;1;Shafiul to Smith, 1 run short ball, and a shifty Stephen Smith looks to pull from outside off, it goes down to long on;
15.3;1;Shafiul to Hussey, 1 run again full outside off, Hussey drives it straight to cover where the fielder Shakib fumbles;
15.2;?;Shafiul to Hussey, no run full outside off, Hussey can't make connection as he gets his bat down outside off;
15.1;2;Shafiul to Hussey, 2 runs overpitched on off stump, Hussey gets forward and drives to wide long off;
14.6;?;Razzak to Smith, no run looks to step out and drive, does not get to the pitch and the attempted drive pops in the air, but lands safely before reaching the bowler;
14.5;?;Razzak to Smith, no run tries to sweep a straight ball and misses. The bounce probably saved him, that was a good shout for lbw;
14.4;1;Razzak to Hussey, 1 run pitched up on off, dabbed to the off side for a quickie;
14.4;1w;Razzak to Hussey, 1 wide misses the pull this time, but it slides down for a wide;
14.3;4;Razzak to Hussey, FOUR runs a boundary at long last, slightly short and Hussey latches on with the pull behind square. Finds the gap to a nicety;
14.2;2;Razzak to Hussey, 2 runs stays in the crease and works it from the leg stump into the leg side, played well into the gap with soft hands;
14.1;?;Razzak to Hussey, no run misses the reverse sweep, and it slides down the leg side, but it is not called a wide, correctly so;
17.6;1b;Shakib to Smith, 1 bye Smith goes for the reverse sweep this time and fails to make connection, that missed the stumps by a thin margin;
17.5;1;Shakib to Hussey, 1 run Hussey gets down the track and drives to long off for a single;
17.4;1;Shakib to Smith, 1 run gets this away straight down the ground for a single;
17.3;4;Shakib to Smith, FOUR runs Shot! Smith is down the track, gets to the pitch and uncorks a perfect extra-coverdrive, high elbow and good follow through, couple of bounces for four;
17.2;1;Shakib to Hussey, 1 run bunts this one down to long on to turn the strike over;
17.1;4;Shakib to Hussey, FOUR runs Wah! Reverse sweep from Hussey, that was a full toss outside off, Hussey spotted the gap behind square and sent the ball to the fence with a backhand swat;
16.6;1;Mortaza to Hussey, 1 run cuts it away hard straight to cover for a single. Great over for Aus.;
16.5;4;Mortaza to Hussey, FOUR runs expertly played! Finally Ashrafe gets it outside off, but there was enough room for Hussey to make a measured surgical cut to send it scurrying fine to the third man fence;
16.4;4;Mortaza to Hussey, FOUR runs Mashrafe is losing the plot after a fine spell until now. This one again is on leg stump, as all the previous balls this over, with fine leg in the circle. Hussey says thank you very much mate and redirects the ball behind square leg;
16.3;1;Mortaza to Smith, 1 run ah, he misses out with the paddle sweep. Times it well from the leg stump line, but it goes straight to the only fielder in that region, inside the circle;
16.2;1;Mortaza to Hussey, 1 run works this one behind square for a single. Hussey is playing a wonderful hand here;
16.1;6;Mortaza to Hussey, SIX runs Incredible timing! Full toss on leg stump, but they still have to be out away. Hussey stood his ground and flicked it nonchalantly over square leg for a six;
13.6;1;Ashraful to Hussey, 1 run works it away to the legside this time to keep the score-card ticking. Hussey is crucial to the cause;
13.5;2;Ashraful to Hussey, 2 runs pitched up on off, Hussey drops it to point and takes off for a tight single. A direct hit could have got him, he put in a big dive to get in. What's more, he was alert to get up and return for the overthrow;
13.4;1;Ashraful to Smith, 1 run swept away square to the deep for a single;
13.3;1;Ashraful to Hussey, 1 run rocks back and whips this one on to the leg side;
13.2;2;Ashraful to Hussey, 2 runs nicely played and well run, played away to the covers - it is Hussey's favourite shot, and they get a couple;
13.1;1;Ashraful to Smith, 1 run pitched up outside off, gets forward and flicks it behind square;
12.6;1;Shakib to Smith, 1 run pitched up, Smith is down the track and gets to the pitch to drive to wide long on and get off the mark;
12.5;W;Shakib to White, OUT See you later Mr. White! Lovely bit of left-arm spin bowling from Shakib, White tried to double guess him by moving to the leg side, Shakib stuck to his guns and bowled the stock ball on leg and middle, it turned away and beat White's attempted prod to crash into the furniture!;Cameron White b Shakib Al Hasan 8 (11m 11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 72.72;
12.4;1;Shakib to Hussey, 1 run full on off, driven to long on off the front foot;
12.3;?;Shakib to Hussey, no run full outside off, looks for the deft dab to third man, does not play it so deftly though;
12.2;?;Shakib to Hussey, no run pitched up outside off, straightening, turned away to midwicket;
12.1;1;Shakib to White, 1 run pitched up on off stump, opens the face and plays it to the covers;
11.6;1;Ashraful to White, 1 run patted back down to the off side, for no run;
11.5;1;Ashraful to Hussey, 1 run short of a length, cut away into the covers;
11.4;1;Ashraful to White, 1 run pitched up on leg, driven firmly down to wide long on;
11.3;1;Ashraful to Hussey, 1 run worked away with the spin between point and cover for one;
11.2;1;Ashraful to White, 1 run;
11.1;?;Ashraful to White, no run sliding down leg, worked away nicely square on the leg side for one;
10.6;1;Mortaza to White, 1 run short ball again, gets good lift to push the batsman back and he fends it to the legside;
10.5;W;Mortaza to Hussey, OUT Australia have lost half their side! Another well-directed bouncer from Mortaza, hurrying Hussey into the pull shot, the top edge balloons behind square on the leg side, Mushfiqur runs across and takes it with the big gloves. Game on folks!;David Hussey c ?Mushfiqur Rahim b Mashrafe Mortaza 9 (15m 13b 0x4 0x6) SR: 69.23;
10.4;1;Mortaza to White, 1 run it's all happening! Played softly off the backfoot straight to point, and Hussey hustles across for a quick single as the fielder swoops in and under-arms a throw that misses. He would have been in, in any case;
10.3;?;Mortaza to White, no run short of a length outside off, punched off the backfoot to cover;
10.2;1;Mortaza to Hussey, 1 run length ball on off stump, guided off the back foot in front of point for one;
10.1;1;Mortaza to White, 1 run played away to the covers for a single;
9.6;1;Ashraful to White, 1 run played away with the turn to long on to get off the mark;
9.5;1;Ashraful to Hussey, 1 run Dropped by Jahurul at long off! Hussey plays a carbon copy of Clarke's brain-freeze shot, but times it a little worse, so jahurul had to run in, he got to the ball, and then put it down as he was tumbling forward.;
9.4;W;Ashraful to Clarke, OUT the skipper is gone! Australia are stuttering here, and Clarke's played an unnecessary shot to give his wicket away. Pitched up on off stump, Clarke was out of his crease and looked to loft it over long off, but did not hit it well enough to clear the ropes. It went straight to the fielder in the outfield;Michael Clarke c Jahurul Islam b Mohammad Ashraful 16 (27m 21b 0x4 1x6) SR: 76.19;
9.3;1;Ashraful to Hussey, 1 run pitched up on leg stump, driven powerfully to long on;
9.2;1;Ashraful to Clarke, 1 run jumps out and gets to the pitch this time, drives powerfully down the ground;
9.1;1;Ashraful to Hussey, 1 run full ball driven to long on for one;
8.6;?;Shakib to Clarke, no run;
8.5;1;Shakib to Hussey, 1 run uses the feet to get to the ball and plays down to long off;
8.4;?;Shakib to Hussey, no run almost gone! Spin again, gets the outside edge as he looks for an expansive cover drive, and it almost carries to short third man;
8.3;?;Shakib to Hussey, no run grips and turns! From leg to outside off, batsman stays back and tries to work it away to the leg side;
8.2;1;Shakib to Clarke, 1 run and again, similar line and length, played in identical fashion to midwicket;
8.1;2;Shakib to Clarke, 2 runs pitched up on leg stump, comes down the track and flicks to midwicket;
7.6;2;Ashraful to Hussey, 2 runs misfield. Plays the flick again, straight to the fielder in the circle who let it go and they ran well to steal a second;
7.5;?;Ashraful to Hussey, no run good line, spinning into the batsman, who flicks airlily to midwicket;
7.4;?;Ashraful to Hussey, no run;
7.3;1;Ashraful to Clarke, 1 run similar shot, comes down the track and plays to mid on;
7.2;1;Ashraful to Hussey, 1 run played down to mid on this time for a single;
7.2;1w;Ashraful to Hussey, 1 wide slips down the leg for a wide;
7.1;1;Ashraful to Clarke, 1 run big spinner first up, but short of a length, he gets it down behind square on the leg side;
6.6;1;Razzak to Clarke, 1 run Clarke comes down the track this time and flicks it to mid on.;
6.5;?;Razzak to Clarke, no run big turn, ripping across the batsman who stayed back and defended;
6.4;1;Razzak to Hussey, 1 run short of a length, on legstump and straightening. Defended to cover;
6.3;W;Razzak to Haddin, OUT gotcha! Do we have an upset brewing here! Haddin plays an airy-fairy lofted sweep over square leg, just that he was no where near the pitch of the ball and ended up top-edging a dolly to short third man;Brad Haddin c Shafiul Islam b Abdur Razzak 6 (9m 9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
6.2;2;Razzak to Haddin, 2 runs short and wide, rocks back and cuts it away nicely for a couple;
6.1;?;Razzak to Haddin, no run length outside off, defended off the backfoot;
5.6;1;Shafiul to Haddin, 1 run drilled straight back and Shafiul does well to half stop it and it nearly hits the stumps at the bowler's end;
5.5;1;Shafiul to Clarke, 1 run oooh, another tight single and I dare say a direct hit could have had them sweating. Good length again, short of a length and he could not time the cover drive. It went straight to cover, but the fielder could not get in a good throw;
5.4;?;Shafiul to Clarke, no run angles in again, from outside off on to leg and Clarke can't do much with it as he looks to work it away into the leg side;
5.3;1lb;Shafiul to Haddin, 1 leg bye drifting on to the pads and Haddin is unable to exact full toll. Misses the swing to leg side, but gets a leg bye;
5.2;1;Shafiul to Clarke, 1 run driven down to mid off this time and well run for a quick single. They took on the fielder this time;
5.1;1;Shafiul to Haddin, 1 run good shot and great fielding. That was short of a length, he came down the track and drove it well, very straight and Shakib dived from mid on to save a few;
4.6;1;Razzak to Haddin, 1 run works the short ball away behind square on the leg side for a single;
4.5;1;Razzak to Clarke, 1 run well run, tight line on leg turning to middle, defended to the leg side and they steal a single;
4.4;?;Razzak to Clarke, no run;
4.3;?;Razzak to Clarke, no run short of a length again outside off cut away to cover;
4.2;1;Razzak to Haddin, 1 run worked away to the leg side this time;
4.1;?;Razzak to Haddin, no run short of a length, outside off, pushes back and defended to the offside;
3.6;6;Shakib to Clarke, SIX runs wallop! Clarke dictates terms to his opposite number in authoritative fashion. Down the track, inside out, with the spin straight over long off. Beautiful shot that;
3.5;?;Shakib to Clarke, no run some turn on offer, squared Clarke up as he looked to turn it to the leg side and hit his pads.;
3.4;?;Shakib to Clarke, no run shortens the length marginally, he gets forward and defends;
3.3;?;Shakib to Clarke, no run speared into the right hander, who defended it straight;
3.2;W;Shakib to Warner, OUT and he gets his second ball! Warner does not play spin very well, and the previous ball sowed some seeds of doubt in his head, possibly. He was down the track this time, did not get to the pitch as it turned into him and still went with the loft over midwicket. He did not time it too well and the catch was taken well by the fielder running in;David Warner c Aftab Ahmed b Shakib Al Hasan 16 (17m 11b 2x4 1x6) SR: 145.45;
3.1;?;Shakib to Warner, no run good start from Shakib, troubles Warner outside off;
2.6;?;Mortaza to Clarke, no run good finish to the over, short of a length again with a little shape away from Clarke and good carry. The Aussie captain makes the right decision - do nothing;
2.5;?;Mortaza to Clarke, no run case of ball hitting the bat! Good signs for the tournament, this pitch is nice and quick. mashrafe bangs it in short of a length and Clarke hangs back and defends to the off side;
2.4;1;Mortaza to Warner, 1 run cross batted hard to mid on, where it is fielded well, tumbling to the right;
2.3;4;Mortaza to Warner, FOUR runs this time, he gives him an inch, and Warner makes a yard out of it. Just outside off, and cut away with fierce power and perfect placement through the covers;
2.2;?;Mortaza to Warner, no run great lines from Mortaza, short of a length, pushing Warner back as it angles across, defends off the back foot, without having any room to play an aggressove shot;
2.1;W;Mortaza to Watson, OUT Watto's gotta go! Mashrafe bowled a great first over, and now gets his reward with a very well-directed bouncer. That was fast and directed at Watto's body, he was hustled into the pull and was quite late on it. The top edge went high and when it came down, it landed in the hands of Aftab Ahmed who took a good tumbling catch.;Shane Watson c Aftab Ahmed b Mashrafe Mortaza 4 (10m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 57.14;
1.6;4;Shafiul to Warner, FOUR runs goes the other way, it was marginally fuller and straighter this time, so Warner decided to despatch it over mid on. One bounce over the ropes.;
1.5;6;Shafiul to Warner, SIX runs he's smashed the cover off that one! Short of a length and angling across Warner without much pace, he had enough room to free his arms and swat that high over long off. Clean hit;
1.4;1;Shafiul to Watson, 1 run straight ball on middle, dropped to the leg side for a single;
1.3;2;Shafiul to Watson, 2 runs length ball angling into Watto who gets on the front foot and swings his arms to send it over midwicket. Not timed too well, still gets a couple;
1.2;?;Shafiul to Watson, no run angles in and raps him on the pads in front of middle and leg. Good ball, but it was sliding down the leg;
1.2;1w;Shafiul to Watson, 1 wide slides down the leg side for the first wide of the day;
1.1;?;Shafiul to Watson, no run short of a length and Watto cannot capitalise. He mistimes the pull, a trifle early into the shot and it goes straight to midwicket;
0.6;?;Mortaza to Warner, no run on middle and off, draws Warner out and he off drives without much power straight to mid off. Good start from Mortaza;
0.5;1;Mortaza to Watson, 1 run good line, slightly fuller outside off, Watson opens the face and runs it down to third man;
0.4;?;Mortaza to Watson, no run ooh, big left from just back of a length, and took Watto by surprise as he shaped to cut. Thudded into the keeper's gloves at good pace;
0.3;1;Mortaza to Warner, 1 run sliding down leg and Warner makes connection with the nudge to square leg. He is away;
0.2;?;Mortaza to Warner, no run length ball, on leg stump, Warner gets forward and looks to flick but can't get it away;
0.1;?;Mortaza to Warner, no run short of a length on off stump, Warner hops and defends it down. Bounce and pace already conspicuous on this track.;

Time for action then! Watson and Warner are out there and Mortaza marks out his run up.
12:55pm Santo: "Thought of the day : Today in the WI vs SAF women match.. Deandra Dottin's was the first hundred of T20I and she was a Westindian and that too against southafrica and that too in a T20 world cup's first match.. does this ring some similarities of what gayle did in jo'burg some 3 years ago!!!" Nice observation Santo! Some innings that was from Dottin, coming in at No. 6 in the 10th over. She hit nine sixes and seven fours in that unbeaten century.
12:46pm Mind you, Bangladesh still has a good chance to enter the next stage. If they win today, then it will be a three-way tie between Aus, Bang and Pak. And then the calculators will come out for net run-rate calculations. The best two will then go through.
The big news is that Sachin Tendulkar is now on Twitter. It's not yet 24 hours since he created an account, and the man already has 75,000 followers. Won't be surprised if he breaks some records in this field as well. For now, Ashton Kutcher holds the record with nearly 5 million followers - he is the Don Bradman of Twitter. Barack Obama weighs in with 3.8 million.
12:35pm Still some time to go for the start, in sunny Barbados. Meanwhile, do check out some of our features.
Twitter wicket alerts - instant (to your mobile, if you like) http://www.twitter.com/cricinfowickets
Google Chrome extension with wicket alerts. Click here for more.
Click here to listen live online to every match of the ICC World T20 on Cricket Radio. We're sorry but due to rights restrictions this service is not available to readers in India, South Africa, Australia and New Zealand, but never mind you can still keep up-to-date on Cricinfo.
Toss: Michael Clarke elects to bat. "The pitch looks fantastic. It does help to keep winning, so we will look to keep our momentum going forward. Mitchell Johnson is out, Ryan Harris comes in for him."
Shakib: "We have to bowl really well. We will look to restrict them to 160-165. Jahurul Islam and Aftab Ahmed are in. Tamim Iqbal and Suhrawadi Shuvo miss out." Tamim is injured from the looks of it - big blow that for Bangladesh. Johnson has picked an elbow infection, and is expected to play in the next stage.
A warm welcome to Cricinfo's coverage of Match 11 of the ICC World Twenty20. It is Australia v Bangladesh, and believe it or not Bangladesh are seeded higher. Not many will expect them to win today though, given how clinical Aus were in their opening game against Pakistan. Bangladesh have also not won a Twenty20 game now for 11 matches. Can they reprise their Cardiff antics today? Toss coming up.
I am Nitin Sundar, your commentator for the game. Gopi Rangarajan and Venkat Raghav will keep score.
 Innings Start
Two games against top sides, and on both occasions, Bangladesh had more than their share of moments. Yet, on both occasions, they have been let down badly by one discipline - it was the bowling against Pakistan, and today, though the bowlers lost their mojo towards the end, one has to blame the batsmen for this debacle. Australia have eventually wrapped this up comfortably, but going into the next round, they will be a little concerned about their top order's performance today, against honest, if not sensational bowling. Michael Hussey and Steven Smith - take a bow!
Hang on for the presentation.
Shakib Al Hasan: "I thought we had a very good chance. We should have chased 140 runs. I think we did not bowl very well in the last four overs, and we played too many shots early in our innings. We need to take the big step forward in these games and win some of them."
Michael Clarke: "The top order did not do as well as they would have wanted, but great show from Mike Hussey and Smith. It was a good pitch for the fast bowlers. I think we have the momentum going forward into the Super Eights. Our execution was perfect with the ball today, hope to keep it going. And we hope the top order will also step up in our match against India."
Mike Hussey is Man of the Match. "I was just trying to get a partnership going, before the slog in the end overs. Smith played a good innings and got us up to 140. Thankfully today was my day, you have plenty of bad days batting lower down, so you got to enjoy thr good ones! Good pitch today, I am not worrying if we are peaking too early, the Indians have been playing a lot recently and we'll like to see how we go against them."
That wraps it up from our end for this match. Join us for the final league fixture that begins in a few minutes, between South Africa and Afghanistan. South Africa need to win to go through, and Afghanistan would love to spring an upset and keep their dream campaign going, so that could make interesting viewing.
On behalf of the team at Cricinfo, this is Nitin Sundar signing off our coverage of this game. Cheers!
18.4;W;Harris to Mortaza, OUT And it is all over! Full and straight on the stumps, Mortaza tries to be cheeky and gets across, trying to shovel it fine on the leg side, but makes no contact. Stumps are down, Bangladesh are finished, Pakistan and Australia are through to the next round.;Mashrafe Mortaza b Harris 6 (10m 5b 1x4 0x6) SR: 120;
18.3;1;Harris to Razzak, 1 run identical ball, identical shot, but great fielding from Clarke running across from midwicket. He even underarms a throw as he is falling, but it misses;
18.2;2;Harris to Razzak, 2 runs short ball, he is early into the pull and a rare fumble at mid on gives him two;
18.1;1;Harris to Mortaza, 1 run digs out a yorker and gets it away through the gap at extra cover;
17.6;?;Tait to Razzak, no run what an over! It's a maiden and he rounds it off with another fast one that moves away a shade after pitching outside off. The tail-ender had no chance of getting any bat on it. Two maidens for Tait.;
17.5;?;Tait to Razzak, no run good pacy bouncer, the batsman weaves away as it thuds into Haddin's gloves;
17.4;?;Tait to Razzak, no run slower ball on a length, and decieved the batsman all ends up. He was early on the attempted heave over midwicket and it went no where;
17.3;?;Tait to Razzak, no run back of a length angling across the batsman, who stays back and taps it to the offside, not for runs;
17.2;?;Tait to Razzak, no run full and fast on leg stump, worked away off the toes straight to Clarke at midwicket;
17.1;?;Tait to Razzak, no run short of a length on leg stump, fended away awkwardly and they take a single;
16.6;4;Nannes to Mortaza, FOUR runs thickish outside edge first ball, and it flies away for four. Dirk finishes a fine spell, the best ever by an Aussie bowler - 4-0-18-4;
16.5;W;Nannes to Jahurul, OUT The old fat lady is clearing her throat. You can slog big Dirk away once or twice, but he is eventually going to get you. Short of a length outside off and the batsman backs away again looking for the swipe over the off side, it takes the top edge and swirls up for a simple catch for the fielder inside the circle at cover;Jahurul Islam c Clarke b Nannes 18 (17m 12b 1x4 1x6) SR: 150;
16.4;1;Nannes to Mortaza, 1 run short and straight, Mortaza is pegged back, he opens the face and gets it into the off side for a quick one;
16.3;?;Nannes to Mortaza, no run pitched up outside off, Mortaza can't quite pull the off side slog off, it goes on the bounce straight to cover;
16.2;1;Nannes to Jahurul, 1 run shortens the length, and he again looks to clear his front foot away and go up and over the cover fielder;
16.1;4;Nannes to Jahurul, FOUR runs Nice shot, clears his front foot away and base-ball bats it away into the gap between cover and mid off for four;
15.6;W;Smith to Shafiul, OUT and he gets his man this time! Shafiul looks to charge Smith again, who sticks to his guns and keeps it relatively full. Shafiul does not get to the pitch and inside edges it on to the wood work;Shafiul Islam b Smith 16 (7m 13b 1x4 1x6) SR: 123.07;
15.5;?;Smith to Shafiul, no run;
15.4;1;Smith to Jahurul, 1 run nice bit of flight. foxes him as he tries to loft over the covers, but the edge falls safe, to the right of short third man;
15.3;1;Smith to Shafiul, 1 run full toss, tries to whack it away to the leg side, but can't time it too well;
15.2;?;Smith to Shafiul, no run;
15.1;6;Smith to Shafiul, SIX runs whoa! Monster hit! Enticing ball from Smith, who has kept flighting it outside off, and the batsman backed himself with the expansive golf swing, it landed well over long off;
14.6;1;Harris to Shafiul, 1 run fast sull toss outside off, swishes at it and gets it over cover for a single into the outfield;
14.5;2;Harris to Shafiul, 2 runs goes aerial this time with the flick, and it lands before reaching the fielder in the deep;
14.4;?;Harris to Shafiul, no run again, follows the batsman as he moves to the leg side, and he can only meekly deflect it straight to midwicket;
14.3;1;Harris to Jahurul, 1 run angles into the batsman, and he manages to get it into the leg side for one;
14.2;1;Harris to Shafiul, 1 run shortens the length and follows the batsman this time, cramping him for room, he still gets a single;
14.1;4;Harris to Shafiul, FOUR runs nice shot. Pitched up outside off, Shafiul made some room and squeezed the cover drive through the gap between mid off and cover for four;
13.6;1;Hussey to Shafiul, 1 run ooh, nearly played right back to David Hussey, who almost took a good return catch;
13.5;?;Hussey to Shafiul, no run;
13.4;?;Hussey to Shafiul, no run play and a miss to the ball pitched up outside off, Haddin whips the bails off, but the batsman got in just in time;
13.3;1;Hussey to Jahurul, 1 run played away to square leg for one, with the turn;
13.2;W;Hussey to Mushfiqur, OUT Bangladesh are dying by the sword here. Rahim tries the slog sweep yet again, and gets the top edge, it swirls high and straight down the throat of Hussey senior at long leg;Mushfiqur Rahim c MEK Hussey b DJ Hussey 24 (31m 25b 2x4 1x6) SR: 96;
13.1;?;Hussey to Mushfiqur, no run another slog sweep, does not make contact;
12.6;2;Smith to Jahurul, 2 runs short ball bunts it into the offside for a couple.;
12.6;1w;Smith to Jahurul, 1 wide loses control of that one in bizarre fashion, it goes very wide outside off;
12.5;6;Smith to Jahurul, SIX runs they are not going down without a fight! Bangladesh are coneecting with most of these slog sweeps, this was played against the spin, but timed really well and it sailed over long on easily;
12.4;?;Smith to Jahurul, no run pitched up again, draws the batsman forward for a cover drive;
12.3;?;Smith to Jahurul, no run looks to cut from outside off and does not make contact;
12.2;2;Smith to Jahurul, 2 runs drives it off the front foot from middle stump, into the covers for a couple;
12.1;?;Smith to Jahurul, no run tossed up on leg stump, he gets forward and blocks;
11.6;?;Hussey to Mushfiqur, no run fires it outside off and Rahim can't get it away for runs in the off side;
11.5;?;Hussey to Mushfiqur, no run;
11.4;W;Hussey to Md Naeem, OUT another one bites the dust! Bangladesh are crumbling here! Naeem went for that slog swing over long on, but the timing was average this time and it was a comfortable take for long on running to his right;Naeem Islam c Smith b DJ Hussey 7 (2m 6b 0x4 1x6) SR: 116.66;
11.3;?;Hussey to Md Naeem, no run play and a miss outside off, it was pushed through this time;
11.2;6;Hussey to Md Naeem, SIX runs Naeem lofts a big six! Offie spinning into him, he went down on a knee and slog swept it cleanly over long on;
11.1;?;Hussey to Md Naeem, no run nudged to the leg side but can't get it away for runs;
10.6;1;Smith to Md Naeem, 1 run shorter this time, Naeem stays back and plays it to long on;
10.5;?;Smith to Md Naeem, no run tossed up on off, he gets forward and defends;
10.4;W;Smith to Shakib, OUT Mr. Cricket earns his side a big wicket! Pitched up and Shakib swings it away high behind square, but there was a hint of top edge as it looped towards deep square leg. Hussey initially misjudged it and ran too far inside, but reassessed in time, to back-pedal and dive full stretch to his back and pluck it a few metres inside the ropes!;Shakib Al Hasan c MEK Hussey b Smith 28 (35m 28b 0x4 1x6) SR: 100;
10.3;1;Smith to Mushfiqur, 1 run short and cut away into the covers;
10.2;?;Smith to Mushfiqur, no run pitched up and turning away, he tries to play it to the off side, but it goes straight to short third man;
10.1;1;Smith to Shakib, 1 run short and turning into the batsman who swings it away to the leg side.;
9.6;4;Harris to Mushfiqur, FOUR runs another boundary! Good timing from Rahim, that was short outside off, he backed away and cut it, just over the fingers of point who was leaping high in the air;
9.5;?;Harris to Mushfiqur, no run plan and a miss outside off, he misses the nurdle to get off the strike;
9.4;6;Harris to Mushfiqur, SIX runs Shot! Rahim picks the length early and tees away, straight over long on. The timing was perfect, that was right out of the screws;
9.3;?;Harris to Mushfiqur, no run Rahim opens the face and taps to the off side;
9.2;1;Harris to Shakib, 1 run another short ball, forces Shakib into a hurried pull, and the top edge falls safe behind square leg;
9.1;?;Harris to Shakib, no run heave ho! short on off stump line, Shakib looks to make room and free his arms through the off side, but misses the ball;
8.6;1;Smith to Shakib, 1 run tucked away off the pads with the turn into the leg side for a strike-retaining single;
8.5;?;Smith to Shakib, no run play and a miss outside off and Haddin misses it too, but it does not go too far;
8.4;2;Smith to Shakib, 2 runs swings it away square this time and Australia are in no mood to give them boundaries. More wonderful fielding in the deep;
8.3;?;Smith to Shakib, no run play and a miss just outside the off stump;
8.2;2;Smith to Shakib, 2 runs shorter and straighter, worked away to the leg side for two more. More dodgy running, but Rahim survives since the throw misses;
8.1;2;Smith to Shakib, 2 runs pitched up outside off and Shakib swings it away with the spin to wide long on where another good save keeps him down to two. The batsmen nearly collided into each other;
7.6;1;Harris to Shakib, 1 run short of a length outside off, stays back and plays it softly to the off side for a single;
7.5;1;Harris to Mushfiqur, 1 run full on off stump, driven to long off for a single;
7.4;1;Harris to Shakib, 1 run shortens the length outside off, he opens the face and runs it straight to Warner at point, who just misses the stumps at the bowler's end. Shakib might have been gone if that hit;
7.3;?;Harris to Shakib, no run similar ball, and Shakib again fails to find the gap, this time it goes to mid of;
7.2;?;Harris to Shakib, no run pitched up on off stump, Shakib punches off the front foot straight to the cover fielder;
7.1;1;Harris to Mushfiqur, 1 run pitched up outside off, Rahim presses forward and drives into the covers;
6.6;2;Clarke to Shakib, 2 runs superb fielding by Warner, running across from square leg, to cut off a similar slog sweep from Shakib that went along the ground this time., Warner tumbled at the last moment to pull it in;
6.5;6;Clarke to Shakib, SIX runs Smashed by Shakib! Length ball on middle, Shakib went down on one knee and swung it a few rows into the crowd;
6.4;1;Clarke to Mushfiqur, 1 run pulls out the sweep from well outside off to the fielder at deep midwicket;
6.3;?;Clarke to Mushfiqur, no run on off stump line, draws the batsman into the forward defensive;
6.2;2;Clarke to Mushfiqur, 2 runs pitched up on leg stump, worked away off the pads to square leg;
6.1;1;Clarke to Shakib, 1 run played away with the turn to wide mid on;
5.6;?;Nannes to Mushfiqur, no run over-pitched, but Rahim has too many things on his mind to worry about petty issues like timing. The cover drive goes feebly and straight to the cover fielder;
5.5;?;Nannes to Mushfiqur, no run hot stuff from Nannes! Shortens the length this time and gets it to rise disconcertingly, Rahim fishes nervously outside off;
5.4;?;Nannes to Mushfiqur, no run good length ball, angling across the right hander who shoulders arms;
5.3;1;Nannes to Shakib, 1 run similar ball, giving the batsman nothing to work with. Shakib defends with soft hands and they take a single;
5.2;?;Nannes to Shakib, no run darts into the left hander, cramping him for room, he defends it to point;
5.1;1;Nannes to Mushfiqur, 1 run opens the face and runs it down to third man from outside off;
4.6;1;Tait to Mushfiqur, 1 run straightens the line and Rahim defends it down the ground;
4.5;4;Tait to Mushfiqur, FOUR runs good shot, he attempts the same stroke that contributed to Ashraful's demise, but upper cuts it very fine from short of a length. It flies away and thuds into the bounday boards at third man.;
4.4;?;Tait to Mushfiqur, no run angles in and the batsman plays it away to square leg;
4.3;?;Tait to Mushfiqur, no run more pace! Tait is bullying Rahim with serious pace, that thudded on to his gloves from short of a length on off stump;
4.2;1;Tait to Shakib, 1 run short of a length outside off, no room for the cut shot, he gets it away for a single off the back foot to covers;
4.2;1w;Tait to Shakib, 1 wide bangs it in again, but it slides down the leg side for a wide;
4.1;1;Tait to Mushfiqur, 1 run angles into the batsman, he taps it to the leg side and gets a single;
4.1;1w;Tait to Mushfiqur, 1 wide ooh, pacy outside off, that exploded after pitching and carried at good height to Haddin, Rahim was a day late on his square cut;
3.6;1;Nannes to Mushfiqur, 1 run pitched up on off stump, opens the face to run it to deep point;
3.5;W;Nannes to Mahmudullah, OUT Bangladesh are getting outclassed here by some wonderful fast bowling! Short of a length again, hustling the batsman into a false stroke, this time Mahmudullah goes for an unconvincing pull off a ball that was not short enough. It took the top edge again for a dolly to square leg inside the circle;Mahmudullah c Hussey b Nannes 2 (2m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
3.4;2;Nannes to Mahmudullah, 2 runs nice square drive from Mahmudullah to get off the mark, the outfield is not the quickest and it slows down as it reaches the ropes.;
3.3;?;Nannes to Mahmudullah, no run length ball angling across, defended off the back foot;
3.2;W;Nannes to Aftab, OUT well, this is not helping Bangladesh's cause at all. A nothing shot from Aftab against some very high quality fast bowling, he is down the track again, without much conviction. Nannes pitches it short of a length, and Aftab swishes the bat in clumsy fashion as it angles across, and gets a top edge that is taken easily;Aftab Ahmed c Warner b Nannes 1 (12m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
3.1;?;Nannes to Aftab, no run full outside off, Aftab comes down the track and drives it on the bounce to cover;
2.6;?;Tait to Shakib, no run on Shakib's pads, but it is on to him at good pace and he can't get it away on the leg side;
2.5;1;Tait to Aftab, 1 run sliding on to Aftab's pads, he deflects it down to square leg;
2.4;1;Tait to Shakib, 1 run stays back and punches it down to mid off for a single;
2.3;?;Tait to Shakib, no run short outside off and Shakib pulls with all his might and misses, a gentle breeze blows across the ground thanks to his efforts;
2.2;2;Tait to Shakib, 2 runs whipped away off the pads, the violence in the shot was directly proportional to the lack of timing. Dribbles away towards midwicket for a couple;
2.2;1w;Tait to Shakib, 1 wide very short and again very wide, this time down the leg side. Tait not so tight this over;
2.2;1w;Tait to Shakib, 1 wide very wide outside off and this time it is called a wide;
2.1;?;Tait to Shakib, no run short of a length, angling across the left-hander, lazy swing and a miss;
1.6;1;Nannes to Shakib, 1 run tucks him up with a short ball angling in, Shakib can't do much with it except get a single;
1.5;?;Nannes to Shakib, no run looks to off drive, can't time it too well and it goes straight to mid off. Dirk tumbles in his follow through;
1.4;2;Nannes to Shakib, 2 runs punched off the front foot through the covers, it was pitched up by Nannes and Shakib moved forward confidently to find the gap and a couple of runs;
1.3;W;Nannes to Ashraful, OUT taken! Great catch from Tait at third man. Ashraful played it well actually, angling the bat and looking to play the short ball down to third man, but timed it too well. It carried to the deep, and Tait ran across to take a nice tumbling catch inches off the turf. Well, you can forget all the run rate calculations unless Bangladesh make a fist of this chase;Mohammad Ashraful c Tait b Nannes 0 (5m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
1.2;?;Nannes to Ashraful, no run shortens the length and angles it across Ashraful who attempts a short-arm pull and swishes in the air. Good pace from Dirk;
1.1;?;Nannes to Ashraful, no run full outside off, Ashraful tries to dig it out but plays it straight to point;
0.6;W;Tait to Imrul, OUT expertly done by Tait! After feeding him with thunderbolts at great pace, he slyly slips in the slower one, Kayes is unable to spot it and plays the straight drive very early, it tamely lobs up for mid on to run across and snaffle it.;Imrul Kayes c Hussey b Tait 0 (2m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
0.5;?;Tait to Imrul, no run on the pads again, tries to work it away off the back foot to the leg side, but can't get enough on it;
0.4;?;Tait to Imrul, no run wide outside off this time, close to a wide. Kayes can't reach it;
0.3;4lb;Tait to Imrul, 4 leg byes ooh, that's going as fast as they are coming into the batsman. Fast on the batsman's thighs, he awkwardly fends, it goes off his body very fast and fine for four leg byes;
0.2;?;Tait to Imrul, no run serious pace from Tait, that was a great bouncer headed straight for Kaye's helmet, he did well to duck under it;
0.1;?;Tait to Imrul, no run fast and furious outside off, swing and a miss, bangs into Haddin's gloves;

Shakib walks in. For me, he holds the key.
 Innings Start
Australia
Bangladesh
11th Match, Group A, Bridgetown, May 5 2010, ICC World Twenty20
141/7
114
Player of the match is Michael Hussey, AUS
Australia won by 27 runs
