Data

2.21pm And what a performance this was. It's now the second-highest team total of the 2019 World Cup. But Australia won't give up just yet, they showed us in Mohali in March that they can take down India's big scores, and the pitch, too, hasn't behaved as badly as it looked in the morning. Big props to Shikhar Dhawan and Virat Kohli for setting the base, and after that India's last three batsmen - Pandya, Dhoni and Rahul - added 86 runs off 44 deliveries. That's what made the difference between a 330-score and a 350-one. We'll be back super soon with the chase. Don't forget to enjoy our Match Day show on the homepage.
Dhawan: Played it smartly and calmly (laughs). I like playing here at The Oval, and I love ICC tournaments. We're in a great position now. Bouncy wickets suit my game. I feel it's enough runs on the board. Our experience and pace will do well."
amit: "Before saying that pitch is flat, and Australia can chase it; mind it that India have got kulcha and the way some of the deliveries of Maxwell spun, I won't even give Aussie a remote chance. "
Ali Yasir: "Its hard to nitpick an innings of 82 of 77 but I feel Kohli could have done better and tried to get India closer to 370. The way scores are being chased in England off late, at 350 the opposition hasn't been batted out of the game."
Sayantan Bardha: "Since Dhawan's dismissal, Kohli has scored 42(34) while Hardik,MSD and Rahul has scored 86(44).The gap in SR is huge."
Yasein Shamsulh: "Bat dominating the ball. Pitch looks a belter here. Australia can definitely chase this but the pressure might get the most of them. Imma have to pick India to win this especially after how Australia batted against the Windies."
49.6;4;Stoinis to Rahul, FOUR runs full toss outside off stump, and Rahul walks across nearly to the wide-line before hammering a leg-side swipe to the wide long-on fence. India finish on 352/5;
49.5;W;Stoinis to Kohli, OUT length ball, outside off stump, and Kohli tries to slap a cut over point. But it's not in the gap, and the person in the deep comfortably takes this catch;Virat Kohli c Cummins b Stoinis 82 (128m 77b 4x4 2x6) SR: 106.49;
49.5;1w;Stoinis to Kohli, 1 wide length ball, very wide outside off stump. Wide;
49.4;2;Stoinis to Kohli, 2 runs nearly a yorker on middle. Drilled to long on. Would've been run-out had Maxwell got the direct hit from long-on;
49.3;1;Stoinis to Rahul, 1 run slower ball, on middle, and pulled off the back foot to deep midwicket;
49.2;6;Stoinis to Rahul, SIX runs full toss on middle, and he swipes this off his hips over deep midwicket. What a ball to receive first up;
49.1;W;Stoinis to Dhoni, OUT catch of the tournament? Low full toss outside off, and Dhoni had flat-batted this straight, but Stoinis sticks his right-hand out to take a stunning reaction catch;MS Dhoni c & b Stoinis 27 (20m 14b 3x4 1x6) SR: 192.85;
48.6;?;Starc to Kohli, no run yorker, on off, and he drills this straight. Starc sticks his left leg out to stop it;
48.5;1;Starc to Dhoni, 1 run yorker, on middle, and he digs this away to cover;
48.4;?;Starc to Dhoni, no run full toss outside off and going further away. He tries to drive but misses;
48.3;2;Starc to Dhoni, 2 runs full, on leg stump, from over the wicket. A leg-side flick takes a leading edge to Khawaja at point. Misfield allows them to take the double;
48.2;4;Starc to Dhoni, FOUR runs back of a length on middle from around the wicket again. Dhoni swivels once more and deposits a grounded pull-shot to the backward square fence;
48.1;6;Starc to Dhoni, SIX runs full, on leg stump, and he has deposited this over deep square leg! Uses the pace, and the angle from around the wicket, to earn half-a-dozen;
47.6;?;Stoinis to Kohli, no run back of a length, outside off, and steered to point;
47.5;1;Stoinis to Dhoni, 1 run yorker, on off, and mistimed down the ground to long off;
47.4;4;Stoinis to Dhoni, FOUR runs easy peasy! Slow, angling down leg, and he steers a pulled shot to the fine-leg fence;
47.4;1w;Stoinis to Dhoni, 1 wide full and wide outside off. Too wide though, and this time umpire Gaffaney calls it as extras;
47.3;2;Stoinis to Dhoni, 2 runs full outside off, and he mistimes a drive to extra cover. Splices it;
47.2;?;Stoinis to Dhoni, no run full and wide outside off stump. Dhoni can't reach at it, but the ball is called fine because it was inside the tramlines;
47.1;1;Stoinis to Kohli, 1 run yorker on middle, and he tries to dig it towards the leg side. Leading edge to the off side;
46.6;1;Starc to Kohli, 1 run full, on off, and dug down to wide long on. Did well to deal with a yorker-ish delivery;
46.5;1;Starc to Dhoni, 1 run back of a length on off and angling in. He pulls this behind square to NCN at fine leg;
46.4;2;Starc to Dhoni, 2 runs full, on off, and hit over the infield to deep extra cover;
46.3;4;Starc to Dhoni, FOUR runs top-edged over Carey! Back of a length on off, and Dhoni went for the pull, but couldn't get the perfect connection he wanted. Runs nonetheless;
46.2;1;Starc to Kohli, 1 run length ball, just outside off, and tapped down the ground to the vacant mid-on region;
46.1;6;Starc to Kohli, SIX runs full outside off, and Kohli plays a stunning lofted drive over cover, and my oh my, this has gone over the boundary! Exquisite;
45.6;?;Cummins to Dhoni, no run length ball, outside off, and punched to mid off;
45.5;W;Cummins to Hardik, OUT low full toss, outside off stump ,and he slices this to cover. Excellent pinch-hitting;Hardik Pandya c Finch b Cummins 48 (41m 27b 4x4 3x6) SR: 177.77;
45.4;2;Cummins to Hardik, 2 runs back of a length, wide outside off, and he pulls this along the ground to deep midwicket;
45.4;1w;Cummins to Hardik, 1 wide full and wide outside off stump. And going further away;
45.3;4;Cummins to Hardik, FOUR runs steered! What confidence this young man possesses. It was a wide yorker, but Hardik simply opens the bat's face to guide this past backward point for four;
45.2;?;Cummins to Hardik, no run back of a length on middle, and Pandya misses the pull. Deceived by the slower-bouncer;
45.1;1;Cummins to Kohli, 1 run overpitched, and clipped to third man;
44.6;1;Starc to Kohli, 1 run full, on middle, and he mistimes a straight drive. Beats Starc though, and therefore Kohli adds another run to his tally;
44.5;2;Starc to Kohli, 2 runs length ball, slower on leg stump. Nudged into the gap at deep midwicket for a couple more;
44.4;6;Starc to Kohli, SIX runs full, on off, and he brings out the short-arm jab to deposit a beautiful looking six over wide long on. High on the whippage metre. Kohli didn't even look up to see where the ball went. He knew;
44.3;2;Starc to Kohli, 2 runs full, on middle, and he looks to drive through the covers. But the ball takes his outside edge and nearly carries to Zampa at third man;
44.2;?;Starc to Kohli, no run full, wide outside off and angling further away. Kohli tries to reach at it to drive, but misses;
44.1;1;Starc to Hardik, 1 run full outside off, and he tries to drag a leg-side swipe from beyond off stump. Takes an inside edge to square leg instead;
43.6;?;Cummins to Kohli, no run full outside off stump, and he reaches forward to drive. But he misses, perhaps because it was too wide;
43.5;1;Cummins to Hardik, 1 run back of a length on middle, and he's done in by the slower ball. Mistimes a pulled shot to the leg side;
43.5;1w;Cummins to Hardik, 1 wide overpitched, too wide outside off. Pandya stretched to slap it square, but couldn't get bat on ball;
43.4;2;Cummins to Hardik, 2 runs full, on off, and he closes the bat's face to drill a leg-side swipe to cow corner. Khawaja - at long on - runs to his right and dives across the ground to stop the boundary. Full marks for commitment;
43.3;?;Cummins to Hardik, no run full, on leg stump, and Pandya tries to flick fine. Gets some connection, but Carey dives to intercept;
43.2;4;Cummins to Hardik, FOUR runs using his katana well! Back of a length outside off, and it wasn't too wide either, but Hardik uses his fast hands to slap a cut to the deep-point boundary for nearly a six;
43.1;6;Cummins to Hardik, SIX runs straight over the non-striker! Full, on off, and he offers his bat's full face to earn another six. Wasn't a bad ball at all;
42.6;1;Zampa to Hardik, 1 run half-tracker on middle, but skidding through quickly. He muscles a leg-side swipe to the fielder in the deep;
42.5;6;Zampa to Hardik, SIX runs outta here! Full, on off, and he drags a slogged shot over deep square leg. That was the longer boundary at The Oval, but for Pandya, no big deal;
42.4;?;Zampa to Hardik, no run length ball, just outside off, and cut. Finds point;
42.3;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run full, on middle, and he goes down on one knee to slog-sweep to deep midwicket. Googly;
42.2;1;Zampa to Hardik, 1 run full, just outside off, and driven with the turn to wide long off on this occasion;
42.1;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run length ball on leg, and he nudges it to the vacant region near wide long on;
41.6;4;Coulter-Nile to Hardik, FOUR runs hammered! And sends Coulter-Nile ducking. Full outside off, and he slams a straight drive over NCN's head;
41.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run slower ball, on middle, and worked off his pads to Maxwell at deep midwicket;
41.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, no run full, on off stump, and he mistimes a front-foot drive to cover;
41.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Hardik, 1 run back of a length on off, and he pulls along the ground to deep midwicket;
41.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run length ball, on off, and he smothers this to the leg side off his hips;
41.1;4;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, FOUR runs superb Length ball, on off, and Kohli goes inside-out over cover. Need the action replay!;
40.6;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run length ball outside off, and cut off the back foot to deep point;
40.5;1;Maxwell to Hardik, 1 run length ball outside off, and he slaps a cut to Smith at cover;
40.4;6;Maxwell to Hardik, SIX runs glorious! Full, on off, and he goes down on one knee and slogs this over cow corner. Lands in the sea of blue;
40.3;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run length ball on middle, and flicked to deep midwicket. Kohli's 50th fifty in ODIs!;
40.2;?;Maxwell to Kohli, no run full outside off from around the wicket. Kohli presses forward to drive, but the ball goes past his outside edge. Maxwell appeals softly for caught behind, but nobody else seems interested;
40.1;1;Maxwell to Hardik, 1 run length ball, outside off and turning inwards. Flicked off his hips to deep midwicket;
39.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Hardik, 1 run hip-high short ball outside off, swatted away to deep midwicket;
39.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Hardik, no run good length around off, defended off the front foot;
39.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Hardik, no run short and outside off, punched up to the covers this time;
39.3;4;Coulter-Nile to Hardik, FOUR runs short at the hips, Pandya rocks back and smites a pull behind square on the leg side. The ball clatters away into the boundary;
39.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Hardik, no run NCN hits a splice-jarring length, fended away to the leg side ff the back foot;
39.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run back of a length and outside off, punched on the up to sweeper cover;
38.6;?;Cummins to Hardik, no run shorter and outside off, run away to point with soft hands;
38.5;1;Cummins to Kohli, 1 run fuller on the pads, clipped to deep square leg;
38.4;2;Cummins to Kohli, 2 runs chest-high short ball on middle, Kohli controls a pull and hits it to the right of deep square leg;
38.3;?;Cummins to Kohli, no run shorter and outside off, punched through the covers;
38.2;1;Cummins to Hardik, 1 run short and wide outside off, Pandya spanks it away to sweeper cover. Pinged off the middle of the bat but straight to the boundary rider;
38.1;1;Cummins to Kohli, 1 run on a length and holds its line outside off, run down to deep third man;
37.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run cross-seamer outside off, stabbed through the covers;
37.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, no run short and outside off, steered to backward point, where Maxwell throws himself to his left to stop the ball;
37.4;2;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 2 runs slower short ball outside off, pulled away to the left of deep midwicket;
37.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Hardik, 1 run edged and dropped by Carey diving to his right. NCN has his hands on his mouth. He can't believe it. Full and nipping away against the angle, Pandya reaches out for the ball wafts, and Carey drops a fairly regulation catch;
37.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run back of a length and just a shade outside off, clipped away behind square;
37.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, no run short and homing in on off, jabbed back to the bowler;
36.6;W;Starc to S Dhawan, OUT Starc misses his yorker again, goes too full on middle and leg. Dhawan ventures an almighty hoick, gets more height as opposed to distance - these are bigger boundaries anyway - and holes out to deep midwicket. End of an excellent innings nevertheless. It has put India on top;Shikhar Dhawan c sub (NM Lyon) b Starc 117 (163m 109b 16x4 0x6) SR: 107.33;
36.5;1;Starc to Kohli, 1 run short and angling across off, guided away to the left of backward point and right of deep third man;
36.4;1;Starc to S Dhawan, 1 run short and outside off, Dhawan forces a pull to deep midwicket;
36.3;?;Starc to S Dhawan, no run back of a length and swerves away outside off as Dhawan stays leg-side of the ball and does not connect;
36.2;4;Starc to S Dhawan, FOUR runs Starc just misses his yorker, overpitches it slightly on middle. Dhawan opens up his stance and hips, belting it past the bowler's outstretched left hand for four;
36.1;1;Starc to Kohli, 1 run full and sprayed on the pads, picked away neatly to deep midwicket by Kohli;
35.6;?;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, no run short on middle, NCN seems Dhawan stepping out and digs it into the middle of the track. Dhawan swings for the hills... and misses. The ball bounces over the stumps;
35.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run shorter and outside off, swatted away in front of square on the leg side for one;
35.4;4;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, FOUR runs banged in on off, 135ks, Kohli pulls off the front foot and puts it away to the midwicket fence;
35.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, no run short and outside off, Kohli leans back and punches to point, where Maxwell swoops down on the ball this time;
35.2;1lb;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, 1 leg bye short on leg stump, rushes Dhawan into a hook, flapped away behind square on the leg side;
35.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run fullish and outside off, punchily driven down to long-off;
34.6;1;Starc to Kohli, 1 run Kohli jumps across off and tucks a single to deep square leg;
34.5;?;Starc to Kohli, no run back of a length on off, played back to Starc;
34.4;1;Starc to S Dhawan, 1 run short one again outside off, this holds up in the pitch, Dhawan ramps again over the keeper's head. Smartly done again;
34.3;2;Starc to S Dhawan, 2 runs dug in short on off, Dhawan thinks about a pull but bails out at the last moment. He checks his shot and instead glides it to third man;
34.2;?;Starc to S Dhawan, no run short on off, Dhawan stays leg-side of the ball and cracks it to cover;
34.1;1;Starc to Kohli, 1 run short and angling across off, punched to point, where Maxwell fumbles and gives up another single;
33.6;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run short on middle and leg from round the stumps, forced off the back foot through midwicket;
33.5;1;Maxwell to S Dhawan, 1 run fired on the pads, nurdled to the leg side for one;
33.4;4;Maxwell to S Dhawan, FOUR runs tossed on middle, Dhawan stays leg-side of the ball. He can't get to this pitch, but still manages to collapse his back leg and loft it inside-out over extra-cover. Exquisite shot;
33.3;?;Maxwell to S Dhawan, no run Dhawan backs away outside leg, fetches this full one from outside off and belts it to cover;
33.2;4;Maxwell to S Dhawan, FOUR runs Dhawan dashes down the track, manufactures a leg-stump half-volley and hoists it over midwicket;
33.1;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run flatter and fuller on middle and leg, Kohli shovels it down to long-on with the bottom hand;
32.6;?;Stoinis to S Dhawan, no run yorker on leg stump, jammed back to Stoinis;
32.6;1w;Stoinis to S Dhawan, 1 wide bouncer, sails over the head, as Dhawan sways out of the way. Wide called;
32.5;1;Stoinis to Kohli, 1 run flapped through midwicket for one;
32.4;1;Stoinis to S Dhawan, 1 run Dhawan is on 99. Dhawan is nervous. There's a mix-up between the wickets, and there's a direct hit. Kohli dishes out a full-stretch dive at the non-striker's end and is safe. Kohli and Dhawan exchange wry smiles. Then comes Dhawan's trademark celebration. He has his hands aloft, bat raised, and acknowledges the cheers. His coach Shastri is on his feet in the dressing room applauding Dhawan. Very full on off, jabbed to mid-off. Yes-no, yes-no, Dhawan somehow gets a single in the end and reaches a hundred - his sixth at an ICC ODI tournament. Only Tendulkar and Ganguly are ahead of him on this list;
32.3;?;Stoinis to S Dhawan, no run might full on off, Dhawan presses forward and squirts the ball to the left of short cover;
32.2;1;Stoinis to Kohli, 1 run shorter and outside off, pulled to the right of midwicket;
32.1;4;Stoinis to Kohli, FOUR runs just short of a good length and outside off, Kohli sits back and short-arm jabs it in the air, hits it to the left of midwicket and right of mid-on. Top shot from a top batsman;
31.6;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run shorter and turns in on the stumps, Kohli stands up tall and forces the ball down to long-on;
31.5;1;Maxwell to S Dhawan, 1 run shorter and outside off, Dhawan goes on the back foot and flays the ball to sweeper;
31.4;?;Maxwell to S Dhawan, no run back of a length and slides on off, poked back to the bowler;
31.3;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run Kohli stretches out and bunts a single to deep midwicket;
31.2;?;Maxwell to Kohli, no run fuller and turns in on middle, Kohli drops it square on the leg side;
31.1;1;Maxwell to S Dhawan, 1 run on a length and outside off, non-turner, patted into the covers for one;
30.6;2;Stoinis to Kohli, 2 runs length ball, on off, and flicked off his pads to the fielder at deep midwicket. As the commentator on TV says, they've pinched eight runs off the over with zero risk;
30.5;1;Stoinis to S Dhawan, 1 run back of a length on middle, and pulled along the ground to deep midwicket;
30.4;1;Stoinis to Kohli, 1 run length ball outside off, and he steers a late cut to third man;
30.3;2;Stoinis to Kohli, 2 runs full outside off and he throws his hands at this. Not as flawless as classical Kohli, this drive;
30.2;?;Stoinis to Kohli, no run full, just outside off, and he takes a big stride forward to defend;
30.1;2;Stoinis to Kohli, 2 runs full outside off, and he drives with the bat's open face. Flies off his edge and races down to third man after a misfield at point. Maxwell - at point - is disappointed with his own fielding effort;
29.6;?;Maxwell to S Dhawan, no run full, on off, and defended with soft hands to cover;
29.5;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run length ball, outside off and turning inwards. Cut square to the sweeper-fielder on the off side;
29.4;1;Maxwell to S Dhawan, 1 run;
29.3;4;Maxwell to S Dhawan, FOUR runs slow, half-tracker on middle, and Dhawan ain't missing out. Rocks deep and pulls along the ground to deep midwicket;
29.2;?;Maxwell to S Dhawan, no run full, on middle, and straightening after pitching. Tapped off the front foot to cover;
29.1;?;Maxwell to S Dhawan, no run full, on off, and angling in. Flicked to short midwicket;
28.6;?;Cummins to Kohli, no run length ball outside off, and he prods onto the front foot for a drive. Can't beat the infield;
28.5;?;Cummins to Kohli, no run length ball, outside off, and fended off the back foot to point;
28.4;1;Cummins to S Dhawan, 1 run length ball, on middle, and he mistimes a cut to point;
28.3;4;Cummins to S Dhawan, FOUR runs back of a length, on middle, and Dhawan sways to ramp a shot over the keeper. Instead it takes the edge of his bat and flies past Carey's left instead. Moves into the nineties;
28.2;?;Cummins to S Dhawan, no run full, on off, and he mistimes a drive to mid-off. They choose not to run;
28.1;2;Cummins to S Dhawan, 2 runs length ball, outside off, and slapped past deep extra cover. They jog back for the second;
27.6;1;Maxwell to S Dhawan, 1 run full, on leg, and nudged away to short fine leg. Kohli scampers across to the other end, and is safe despite a solid throw;
27.5;?;Maxwell to S Dhawan, no run length ball outside off, and he bends his knees to cut. Finds Smith at point though;
27.4;?;Maxwell to S Dhawan, no run full, on middle, and defended with gentle hands to Maxwell;
27.3;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run length ball, outside off and turning in. Kohli backs away to make room, and punches down the ground to long on;
27.2;1;Maxwell to S Dhawan, 1 run Maxwell coming around the wicket. Length ball angling in from outside off, and he plays a grounded pull shot to deep midwicket;
27.1;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run length ball, outside off stump, and with no turn. Punched past the non-striker to mid-on;
26.6;?;Cummins to S Dhawan, no run back of a length on middle, and a bit of spongy bounce takes the ball over Dhawan's blade while he tries to ramp it over Carey. Smart take from the keeper;
26.5;1;Cummins to Kohli, 1 run length ball, outside off, and punched square to deep point;
26.4;4;Cummins to Kohli, FOUR runs slapped over point! Full, very wide outside off, and Virat's fast hands sends the ball over point. Third man not quick enough;
26.4;1w;Cummins to Kohli, 1 wide length ball, on middle, and angling down leg. Virat is furious at himself for missing out on a pull;
26.3;?;Cummins to Kohli, no run full, on off, and he drives off the front foot to mid-on;
26.2;?;Cummins to Kohli, no run length ball, outside off, and he flays a shot to cover. Mistimed;
26.1;?;Cummins to Kohli, no run;
25.6;4;Zampa to S Dhawan, FOUR runs full, on middle, and he skips down the wicket to lift a shot over mid-on. Nonchalantly done, races away to the wide long-on boundary;
25.5;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run full outside off stump, and he opens the bat's face to guide a shot to deep point;
25.4;1;Zampa to S Dhawan, 1 run length ball, on middle, and flicked to the leg side;
25.3;4;Zampa to S Dhawan, FOUR runs full, outside off, and Dhawan takes a huge stride to meet the ball. Hammers a square drive in front of the fielder at cover, and the ball has raced away to the fence;
25.2;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run too wide outside off, forcing Virat to reach. He slaps a square drive to Cummins at deep extra cover;
25.1;?;Zampa to Kohli, no run full, outside off, and defended to mid off;
24.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run length ball, wide outside off, and cut square off the back foot to deep point;
24.5;1;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, 1 run length ball, on off, and he caresses a back-foot punch to mid-off;
24.4;?;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, no run length ball, on middle and angling away. Guided off the back foot to point;
24.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run back of a length outside off, rolling his fingers over this ball. Punched to cover after tiptoeing;
24.2;1;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, 1 run full, on middle, and driven confidently away from his body to extra cover;
24.1;?;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, no run length ball, on leg, and he tries to flick square. Ball hits some part of Dhawan and flies down the leg side, but Carey jumps to his right to take a one-handed catches. Will Australia review? Nah, that came off his hip;
23.6;?;Zampa to Kohli, no run overpitched on middle, nearly a yorker. Dug away to mid on;
23.5;1;Zampa to S Dhawan, 1 run length ball on middle, and the googly spins wildly away. Dhawan goes onto the back foot and punches to long off;
23.4;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run full outside off, and he drives the legbreak to extra cover;
23.3;?;Zampa to Kohli, no run full, on off and the googly is met by Kohli on the front foot. Tapped towards the leg side;
23.2;1;Zampa to S Dhawan, 1 run;
23.1;2;Zampa to S Dhawan, 2 runs full, on middle, and skidding through. Dhawan comes down the wicket and lifts it over Zampa. Could've been out to long-off it he hadn't hit it that straight;
22.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, no run length ball, wide outside off again, and Kohli is happy to let it go;
22.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, no run full, on his pads, and worked to the leg side;
22.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, no run full outside off, and left alone;
22.3;W;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, OUT first wicket! Length ball outside off, rising off the deck, and Rohit tries fishing for it. Takes the outside edge, and Carey moves swiftly to his left right to half-dive and complete the catch;Rohit Sharma c ?Carey b Coulter-Nile 57 (101m 70b 3x4 1x6) SR: 81.42;
22.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run full, on off, and flicked off his toes to midwicket. Soft hands;
22.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run;
21.6;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run full, outside off, and pushed with the bat's open face to deep extra cover;
21.5;1;Zampa to S Dhawan, 1 run full, on middle, and nudged off his toes to deep midwicket for a walking single;
21.4;?;Zampa to S Dhawan, no run length ball, on leg, and the googly is punched off the back foot to the bowler;
21.3;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run zipping into Rohit, and he pulls this off the back foot to deep midwicket;
21.2;1;Zampa to S Dhawan, 1 run length ball, on middle, and flicked off his pads to deep midwicket;
21.1;2;Zampa to S Dhawan, 2 runs length ball, outside off, and bends his knees to get his eyes on the ball's level. Cuts past point, but the fielder in the deep - Coulter-Nile - slides across the ground to stop the boundary;
20.6;1;Starc to S Dhawan, 1 run yorker on leg stump, jabbed away to deep midwicket;
20.5;1;Starc to Rohit Sharma, 1 run short and outside of, Rohit jumps on top of the ball and crunches to sweeper;
20.4;2;Starc to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs on the pads, clipped away wide of midwicket. Rohit hares back for the second;
20.3;2;Starc to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs on a length and angling across off, punched away to the right of sweeper cover;
20.2;?;Starc to Rohit Sharma, no run;
20.1;4;Starc to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs short, wide, Rohit rocks back and nails a cut to the point boundary. Rohit joins Dhawan in getting to a fifty;
19.6;1;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, 1 run pitched up and outside off, driven through the line to sweeper cover;
19.5;1;Stoinis to S Dhawan, 1 run;
19.4;4;Stoinis to S Dhawan, FOUR runs Wow, this is a stunning stroke from Dhawan. Pitched up and outside off, Dhawan stretches out and shovels it away with the bottom hand over extra-cover. Skims away to the fence. Shot of the day so far;
19.3;4;Stoinis to S Dhawan, FOUR runs dug in short and aimed at the shoulder of Dhawan, he swivels on the back foot and pulls to the fine leg boundary;
19.2;1;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, 1 run Rohit leans back and cuts a short ball from outside off to backward point, where Maxwell dives, fumbles, and gives up a single;
19.1;?;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, no run good length on middle, defended to the leg side;
18.6;1;Starc to Rohit Sharma, 1 run slower cutter on leg stump, tucked around the corner as Rohit and Dhawan bring up another century opening stand;
18.5;1;Starc to S Dhawan, 1 run short on the hips, 140ks, worked behind square on the leg side;
18.4;?;Starc to S Dhawan, no run short on middle, Dhawan hops and fends to point;
18.3;1;Starc to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of a length and too straight, tucked to deep midwicket;
18.2;?;Starc to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length and angling across off, fended behind to the keeper;
18.1;1;Starc to S Dhawan, 1 run dug in short on off, Dhawan leaps and fends it to point with soft hands;
17.6;1;Stoinis to S Dhawan, 1 run Dhawan races down the track. Short and wide outside off, Dhawan reaches out for the ball and smears it away to sweper cover;
17.5;1;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of a length and angling in, turned with the incoming angle behind square on the leg side for a single;
17.4;1;Stoinis to S Dhawan, 1 run full-toss on leg and middle, bunted to mid-off and Rohit responds swiftly enough for a single. Dhawan celebrates his half-century, plenty of smiles in the Indian dressing room;
17.3;2;Stoinis to S Dhawan, 2 runs Dhawan jumps across off, gets closer to this full ball outside off and punches with an open face behind point, to the right of sweeper;
17.2;1;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, 1 run thigh-high short ball on the leg stump, Rohit keeps back and swats a pull away to deep fine leg;
17.1;?;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, no run slower offcutter, finishes on off, Rohit presses forward and defensively drops the ball to the leg side;
16.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, 1 run tip and run to the left of short cover. Dhawan and Rohit take on Smith's arm and complete the single;
16.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run short and on off, this slower ball is defended off the back foot;
16.4;1;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, 1 run short at the body, tucked to the leg side for one;
16.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, 1 run Rohit rides the bounce of this short ball outside off and dinks it down to third man;
16.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length and outside off, punched to mid-off;
16.1;6;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs dug in short and outside off, angling in towards the left shoulder of Rohit. He jumps back and pulls in the air to the right of deep square leg for a maximum;
15.6;?;Stoinis to S Dhawan, no run pitched up and just a shade outside off, Dhawan drives on the up but can't beat extra-cover, and that's drinks;
15.5;1;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, 1 run hip-high short ball on middle, Rohit swivels on the back foot and middles a pull to deep square leg;
15.4;?;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, no run very full and outside off, punched to mid-on;
15.3;1;Stoinis to S Dhawan, 1 run might have been a cross-seamer, holds in the pitch and bounces, skewed away behind point to third man;
15.2;?;Stoinis to S Dhawan, no run shorter and outside off, helped to point off the back foot;
15.1;4;Stoinis to S Dhawan, FOUR runs banged in short and outside off, Dhawan leaps, gets under it, and ramps it over the keeper's head, drawing applause from Kohli. Third man is squarer as opposed to finer;
14.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run short and outside off, gets on top of the bounce and rides it to point;
14.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length and outside off, glided away towards backward point;
14.4;1;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, 1 run short and angling across off, knocked down to third man with an open face;
14.3;4;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, FOUR runs hammered in short and angling across off, the steep bounce catches Dhawan unawares. He looks away, takes his eyes off the ball, and top-edges a hook and gets a four wide of fine leg;
14.2;?;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, no run full on middle and leg, flicked away to square leg;
14.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, 1 run dug in short on off, run away towards point off the back foot;
13.6;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run looped up and wide outside off, Rohit stretches out and drives to sweeper cover;
13.5;2;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs dragged down on leg stump, Rohit drops down to one knee and sweeps flat and hard to deep backward square leg;
13.4;1;Zampa to S Dhawan, 1 run Dhawan dashes down the track and drills a full ball from outside off to long-off;
13.3;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run Rohit uses his feet, takes a middle-stump full-toss and punches down to long-on;
13.2;1;Zampa to S Dhawan, 1 run tossed up on middle, spins in, Dhawan hits it towards deep midwicket;
13.1;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run pretty full on middle, but not quite driveable length, pushed down to long-on;
12.6;?;Maxwell to S Dhawan, no run nudged off the pads but straight to short fine leg;
12.5;1;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, 1 run arm ball from Maxwell, Rohit goes on the back foot and solidly punches the ball through the covers;
12.4;1;Maxwell to S Dhawan, 1 run short and slides in from around the stumps, punched with the angle to wide long-on;
12.3;1;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, 1 run fuller and turns in as Rohit taps it away behind square on the leg side;
12.2;?;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, no run short and slides in on middle, punched off the back foot to the bowler;
12.1;4;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs overpitched and outside off, slower from Maxwell, Rohit allows the ball to come onto the bat. Then opens the face and eases it away wide of point. Zampa chases it hard, slides, but the ball wins the race. Top shot, opened the face and pierced the gap between point and third man like a boss;
11.6;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run full, on off, and driven down the ground to long off;
11.5;?;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, no run full, outside off, and he comes forward to drive. Struck to mid-off;
11.4;1;Zampa to S Dhawan, 1 run full, on leg stump. Drilled to midwicket;
11.3;4;Zampa to S Dhawan, FOUR runs length ball, on off, and he waits for the ball to come to him, before playing a late cut past short third man. Good effort from the fielder trying to get the ball back in, but the ball runs away for four anyway;
11.2;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run too full this time, a full toss on leg stump, and flicked to deep midwicket;
11.1;4;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs oh dear, way too short on leg, and Rohit waits for the ball to come to him before slogging hell-for-leather behind square on the leg-side for four;
10.6;?;Maxwell to S Dhawan, no run slider on middle, Dhawan jabs his bat down on it and keeps it out;
10.5;1;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, 1 run fuller on middle and leg, worked away with the spin to square leg;
10.4;?;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, no run short and spins back in, cramps him, fended off with the break;
10.3;1;Maxwell to S Dhawan, 1 run skids in from round the wicket, fractionally short, Dhawan jumps back and secures a single to the covers;
10.2;1;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, 1 run this full one breaks into the pads of Rohit, who puts it away to deep square leg. A twirl of the wrists gives him a single;
10.1;?;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, no run slides on with the arm outside off, Rohit plays for some turn, but is beaten on the outside edge;
9.6;?;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, no run length ball, on middle, and guided to point off the back foot;
9.5;?;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, no run length ball outside leg stump, and Dhawan makes room - exposing all three stumps - to cut. The shot is played beyond leg stump! Crazy;
9.4;?;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, no run length ball, on middle, and he backs away to cut. Finds point. A pack off-side field;
9.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, 1 run length ball, rising delivery but Rohit punches this from chest-high to cover;
9.2;1;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, 1 run length ball, on middle, and Dhawan backs away to guide a late cut to third man. Preferring to play shots that use the bowler's pace instead of generating his own;
9.1;?;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, no run length ball, on leg stump, and Dhawan defends off the back foot. Once again takes his bottom-hand off his handle;
8.6;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball, on middle, and fended off the back foot to the bowler;
8.5;1;Cummins to S Dhawan, 1 run fullish, 139kph, and he flicks this with gentle hands to the fielder at deep midwicket. Removes his bottom hand while playing that shot. Is the finger bothering him?;
8.4;?;Cummins to S Dhawan, no run length ball, on off, and Dhawan walks across to the off side to block. Ball goes off his outside edge to point;
8.3;1;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, 1 run length ball, on off, and Rohit closes his bat's face to guide a flick to midwicket;
8.2;1;Cummins to S Dhawan, 1 run length ball, on leg, and he works this off his hips to square leg;
8.1;?;Cummins to S Dhawan, no run hits him near the shoulder! Back of a length, and the ball rises quickly. Dhawan tries to pull, but the ball hurries onto him. A real skidder;
7.6;1;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, 1 run slower ball, on middle, and Dhawan uses his wrists to open the bat's face and steer a square cut past the diving point fielder. A touch of finesse there;
7.5;4;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, FOUR runs precision! Length ball, angling away, and simply guides a cut past point and inbefore third man;
7.4;4;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, FOUR runs short and wide and punished off the back foot. Drills a square cut to the boundary, and looks like Dhawan is now ready to tee off;
7.4;1w;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, 1 wide wayward! Tries to bowl the offcutter, but it lands way beyond leg stump and goes through to the keeper;
7.3;4;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, FOUR runs aggressive! Length ball on middle, and Dhawan skips down the ground to muscle a straight drive through Rohit's legs for four;
7.2;?;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, no run full, on off, and Dhawan walks across to the off side, exposing his leg-stump partly, but he ends up too close to the ball. Plays a square-drive, with minimal power, to cover point;
7.1;?;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, no run length-ish, on middle. Dhawan check-drives to cover;
6.6;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball on the fourth-stump line outside off. Rohit defends with soft hands to the off side;
6.5;1;Cummins to S Dhawan, 1 run flicked to midwicket firmly for a single;
6.4;?;Cummins to S Dhawan, no run searing pace! Back of a length on leg, and Dhawan swivels to pull, but the ball flies just past his gloves to Carey. Finch wants to review, but Carey convinces him not to. Good call, there was no touch;
6.3;?;Cummins to S Dhawan, no run full, on middle, and defended off the back foot to the off side. Fielder from cover comes sweeping in to stop the single;
6.2;?;Cummins to S Dhawan, no run length ball, on middle, and nudged off his pads to the leg side;
6.1;?;Cummins to S Dhawan, no run length ball, on middle, and angling across. Dhawan skips backwards and punches with the bat's open face to cover;
5.6;?;Starc to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball, outside off, and cut off the back foot. Finds Maxwell at point again;
5.5;?;Starc to Rohit Sharma, no run full, on off. Searching for the inswinger but the ball holds it's line. Driven to mid-off;
5.4;?;Starc to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball, on middle, and he allows the bat's straight face to check-punch towards the off side;
5.3;?;Starc to Rohit Sharma, no run full, on leg and swinging into his pads. Flicked to midwicket, and stopped by the fielder diving to his right;
5.2;2;Starc to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs length, on leg, and clipped off his pads to the big gap on the leg side. Zampa from fine leg runs across to intercept;
5.1;1lb;Starc to S Dhawan, 1 leg bye full, on middle and angling into his pads. Tries to give this a whip over the leg side, but the ball hits his pads instead;
4.6;1;Cummins to S Dhawan, 1 run length ball, on the leg-stump line, and nudged to the gap behind square on the leg side for a quick run;
4.5;4;Cummins to S Dhawan, FOUR runs caressed! Full, outside off, and he meets the ball on the front foot, driving through the covers for four;
4.4;?;Cummins to S Dhawan, no run back of a length, on middle, and uncomfortably blocked by Dhawan. Gloves it towards the slip region;
4.3;?;Cummins to S Dhawan, no run peach! Full, on middle, and Dhawan prods forward to flick to deep midwicket but the ball moves oh-so-slightly away and whizzes past his outside edge;
4.2;?;Cummins to S Dhawan, no run length ball, on middle, and Dhawan has no choice but to defend off his backfoot to the leg side;
4.1;2;Cummins to S Dhawan, 2 runs full, on leg, and he uses his wrists to play this off his hips to midwicket. Finch gives it a chase to the boundary;
3.6;?;Starc to Rohit Sharma, no run tries to hook but the ball isn't short enough. Length ball on leg, and Rohit already lifted his front leg to play behind square, but the ball hits his body instead;
3.5;1;Starc to S Dhawan, 1 run length ball, outside off, and he flays a square cut behind point. But another excellent effort from Maxwell at point, parrying it to third man and ensuring the ball doesn't go for four;
3.4;?;Starc to S Dhawan, no run fuller, nearly a yorker on off, and he digs this into his boots. Dhawan wants the single, but Starc is quick to pounce on it;
3.3;?;Starc to S Dhawan, no run goes short on off, and Dhawan does well to bend his knees to sway away from the ball's line;
3.2;1;Starc to Rohit Sharma, 1 run fullish, angling away, and he opens the bat's face to play a late cut to third man;
3.1;?;Starc to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length on middle, and he rides the bounce to block off the backfoot;
2.6;?;Cummins to S Dhawan, no run length ball, on middle, and tapped to the off side. Dhawan wants the single, but Rohit says no. Wise choice;
2.5;1;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, 1 run full, just outside off and he tries to drive. But the ball moves away, takes the outside edge and down to third man;
2.4;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball outside off, and a nice sound off his bat as he crunches a square cut. Finds Maxi at point;
2.3;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball, just outside off, and he tiptoes to flick to midwicket;
2.2;1;Cummins to S Dhawan, 1 run length ball, on middle and angling across. Dhawan looks to defend, but the ball takes his outside edge. Dribbles past the slip cordon, but third man is there to clean up;
2.1;?;Cummins to S Dhawan, no run length ball, on leg stump, and Dhawan prods forward to fend;
1.6;?;Starc to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length and on the hips of Rohit, 143ks, he can't put it away;
1.5;1lb;Starc to S Dhawan, 1 leg bye very full and darting into the pads, Starc cranks up to 144ks, but no swing for him yet. Tucked away towards square leg off the back foot;
1.4;1;Starc to Rohit Sharma, 1 run tapped towards wide mid-on for a single and Rohit gets off strike;
1.3;2;Starc to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs Dropped by Coulter-Nile diving to his right from short midwicket. The ball bursts out of his hands. Coulter-Nile throws himself to his right and attempts the catch with his right hand - but it does not stick. Rohit has a life. Very full on the pads, chipped in the air and Rohit gets away;
1.2;?;Starc to Rohit Sharma, no run good length and skipping away with the angle outside off, no shot from Rohit;
1.1;1;Starc to S Dhawan, 1 run banged in short and aimed at the body of Dhawan, 138ks, cramps the batsman for room. Fended off to the leg side for one;
0.6;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball, just outside off, and he tiptoes to flick towards mid-on;
0.5;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball, just outside off, and defended off the back foot to mid-off;
0.4;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run full, on off, and the ball's coming inwards. Defended with the straight bat to mid on;
0.3;2;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs first runs! Full, outside off, and he opens the bat's face to find the gap through the point region. Two men give it a chase;
0.2;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run full, on middle, and he covers his off stump to block towards the non-striker;
0.1;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run full, just outside off stump, and with two slips in pace. Left alone as the ball jags away, but interestingly the ball doesn't carry to Carey;

10.28am With Pat Cummins loosening up to bowl the first over, here's a reminder that you can enjoy a deeper analysis of the game with insights from our correspondents at the ground on our LIVE REPORT. Al Muthu is at the helm there.
Meanwhile, do you know that yesterday's women's singles final at the French Open had a cricket connection too? Newly-crowned champion Ashleigh Barty once took a break from tennis to play in the Women's Big Bash League in Australia.
10.25am Just a few minutes away from the action. The two teams walk out, like schoolkids in assembly, one behind the other, and now they line up for the National Anthems. First up, Advance Australia Fair. And now Jana Gana Mana with nearly the whole ground singing it in unison.
sanjog baral: "Jaddu is kept for crucial decider if needed"
ZEESHAN AHMED: "@Jay, New Zealand has played all three matches against lowest ranked teams at this World Cup so I dont think it is right time to consider them already Semis. Let them play to top teams first."
Hus Silverado: "I have a feeling Maxwell will be the difference today with wickets in the first innings and a Hundred in the second !!!!"
Jai: "Likely semifinalists on form: Australia, India, England and New Zealand. Australia will knock out NZ and India will know out England. Final: India Vs Australia. Lets see who wins that!"
The first action of the day will be Mitch Starc searing in. Does he have the most lethal yorker in cricket currently? Osman Samiuddin has some words on his ODI revival.
10.10am OK, we have confirmation from Nagraj. MS Dhoni will wear a different type of glove today. From elsewhere, Gaurav Sundararaman tells me "Australia have not lost chasing in a World Cup Match since 1999 against Pakistan at Leeds."
Sarmad: "This match is insignificant. These teams will defeat others and qualify anyway" -- Not insignificant at all. This match could decide whether a team finishes 1st or 2nd/3rd, and that will decide who their semifinal opponents are. That said, gotta see if both of them make the SFs first
10.07am What type of gloves will MS Dhoni wear? We'll have to wait for that answer till the second innings. Nagraj said that he saw Dhoni carry a different kind of "green coloured gloves" but for confirmation, we should wait. If you have no idea what I'm talking about, here's all you need to know.
10.03am Toss time: "India win the toss - opt to bat. Kohli says, "good track, but it's a used surface, so best conditions to bat and put runs on the board. The bowling attack can get into the attack in the second half. The batsmen chasing will be wary, and scoreboard pressure may count. It's been overcast everywhere, but today it's sunny, so no brainer to bat first. We think the pitch will play nicely. At the Oval, when the sun is out, you invariably bat first. No change because we have depth and balance. Team is in good spirits."
"I would have batted first, same reasons as Virat," says Finch. "A winning run (of 10 games straight) helps with the confidence, but in a World Cup you're playing different teams so not like a bilateral. Different kind of pressure. Going with the same XI, and we are confident of it despite not a superb game in Nottingham against West Indies."
Alekhya Chakrabarty: "Have a feeling Hardik shall have a key role to play in this cup, beginning today. Liked his brief cameo with the bat vs SA, and he looked steady with the ball in hand. " -- His bowling compared to Stoinis, Australia's allrounder, might just be the difference today.
Sai: "So no Jadeja even today ...? Very much harsh on him after his performances in both the warm-ups :(" -- well the ball turning inwards is fodder for left-handers. Theoretically, that's a bad idea according to conventional wisdom with the ball turning in to them.
9.55am Playing fantasy cricket? Here's our picks for today's match. By the way, did you know that one of our staff members won the Global IPL Fantasy league last month? You don't want to miss out on his tips! So keep that page bookmarked through the tourney.
Bill: "I've got a feeling today could be the day where Hardik makes the difference. Sharma/Kohli, and Warner/Smith, like-for-like brilliant players, spinning department India trumps Australia, and wicket-keeper India wins too. But seaming all-rounder, Hardik could have the say with the bat and/or ball over Stoinis. Let's see!"
Shahed: "While the focus is in the Oval and how it aids batting, the two key differentiators are likely to be a) how the first 10 overs are bowled and b) how many wickets are picked up in the middle overs. "
Pitch report: "Bowling from the Vauxhall End, the boundary behind square is less than 60 metres on both sides. From the pavillion end, the cover-boundaries are longer than usual. As for the pitch, Manjrekar says it "looks tacky". Michael Slater says "thick grass, can expect tennis-ball bounce. Doesn't mean scores won't be big. It will do something later in the day, so win toss bat first."
Udit Mangal: "Crazy scenes at the entrance of The Oval. People have packed the whole street in blue, can't see a single yellow so far. #bleedblue"
Karttik: "I haven't slept all night in anticipation. Hope this is a cracker of the match and that this comment is the first one today - Karttik from US reporting at 04:38 AM, over!" -- not the first, but we had to reward you for your dedication of watching the game red-eyed.
How did India prepare for this? Well MS Dhoni sent the ball downtown against spin, while most practiced for Starc's left-arm angle.Watch it here.
More from Nagraj Gollapdudi: "It seems like Australia are sticking to the same XI too."
Dipanjan Show: "What? One of the most awaited match in the World Cup has not any comments so far!"
9.40am What's the noisiest stadium you've seen at a World Cup game? Back in 2011, Sharda Ugra and Sanjay Manjrekar had to record an ESPNcricinfo 'audio show' from a ladies' washroom because it was the quiet place in the VCA stadium in Nagpur! That, and other riveting tales in the latest episode of our Talking World Cup podcast (you can subscribe on Apple podcasts here)
The Oval is known for big hitting on true surfaces, so how will both teams line up today? There's plenty for both teams to explore as Karthik Krishnaswamy explains in his preview. Our correspondent Nagraj Gollapudi is at the ground right now and he says it looks like India will field the same XI that beat South Africa.
9.30am Before the start of the World Cup, experts all around the globe named three teams as favourites. The hosts England, India and Australia. India will remember how Australia came back from 0-2 down recently to clinch the series 3-2 in their own backyard just two months ago, while the defending World Cup champs come into the game knowing their team's the strongest in 12 months and best suited to take on a hefty challenge that India brings.
Whether you're a fan of either team or a neutral, this is how you want to spend your Sunday. It's bright and sunny at Kennington Oval and both teams are already warming up. So sit back and enjoy the game - this is Sreshth Shah, and together with Deivarayan Muthu, we welcome you to ESPNcricinfo's coverage of game 14 of the 2019 World Cup.
 Innings Start
6.43pmSo, India secure their second successive victory this World Cup. It was set up by Dhawan who cracked 117 off 109 balls before mighty blows from Pandya, Kohli, Rahul and Dhoni propelled India past 350. Australia had a rather sluggish start; Warner laboured to his slowest ODI fifty. Fifty of Warner's 84 balls were dots. Smith made a more fluent fifty and Carey hit Australia's fastest World Cup fifty, but the rapidly rising asking rate was simply too much to overcome. Bhuvneshwar and Bumrah grabbed three wickets each while the spinners were quite impressive in the middle overs.
That's all we have for you from this game. Hope you enjoyed our coverage as much as we did bringing it to you. This is Deivarayan Muthu signing off on the behalf of Sreshth Shah and Chandon Duorah. Good night and cheers
Shikhar Dhawan, Player of the Match: We're very happy with the result and it was a great team effort. We guys are a great fielding shape - too great catches and made great stops. We have a great fast-bowling unit and spinners as well. We ticked all the boxes and your bowlers backed up the total on the board. I want to thank the fans as well. A lot people have come from India.
Finch: They got 120 off the last 10 - which was a lot. We didn't get too many wickets and when you have experienced guys and powerful guys it's tough for anyone. Being a used surface didn't help with the new ball. But we could have been bit more back of a length, but India bat very deep. They just outplayed us. You need to asses the conditions and pick the XI. We will be in a better place to make the decision in Taunton. There are 10 ways to get out and run out was one of them. They bowled very well to Warner and he need some more time. He's a world-class player and will get us to a flier.
Kohli: Top, top win for us after losing that series in India. We had a point to prove. We just came with intent, the opening stand was outstanding. Hardik, me, MS, it was a flat wicket, but we were very professional that's always pleasing as a captain. You can't take things for granted just because you have 350 on the board. I held one up and Hardik could go from ball one. If Shami plays, it has to be proper overcast and bowling conditions. Bhuvneshwar the new ball, old ball - the wickets of Smith and Stoinis. These guys are very experienced, you hardly need to say anything to them.
49.6;W;Bhuvneshwar to Zampa, OUT Bhuvneshwar closes out the game with his knuckle-ball variation. Back of a length on middle, Zampa splices it to mid-off. That is that;Adam Zampa c sub (RA Jadeja) b Kumar 1 (4m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
49.5;1;Bhuvneshwar to Carey, 1 run full and wide - possibly wider than a set of stumps outside off, Carey reaches out and carves to long-off;
49.4;1;Bhuvneshwar to Zampa, 1 run full and outside off, slices a drive to the left of Chahal at point;
49.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Zampa, no run back of a length, snakes back in and chops Zampa into half. Past the inside edge;
49.2;1;Bhuvneshwar to Carey, 1 run knuckle ball, keeps low, nurdled away to the leg side;
49.1;W;Bhuvneshwar to Carey, 1 run, OUT touch too full on middle, Carey opens the face and slices to sweeper cover. Carey and Starc chance a second. Vijay Shankar (the sub) throws it to Bhuvneshwar at the non-striker's end. Starc is caught short. Australia nine down;Mitchell Starc run out (sub [V Shankar]/Kumar) 3 (12m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
48.6;1;Bumrah to Carey, 1 run length ball on leg stump, pumped over Bumrah's head. Just 1 run off the bat in the 49th over a chase of 353. Bumrah, you beauty;
48.5;?;Bumrah to Carey, no run back of a length and cuts away outside off again, Ctrl + C. Ctrl +V. Carey can't touch these;
48.4;2b;Bumrah to Carey, 2 byes another slower one outside off, offcutter, keeps low and spins past Dhoni after Carey misses again;
48.3;?;Bumrah to Carey, no run 120ks slower ball, back of a length and bounces outside off, hard-to-pick variations. Swings and misses;
48.2;?;Bumrah to Carey, no run Carey jumps across off and does not connect with a scoop. Bumrah spears it down leg;
48.1;?;Bumrah to Carey, no run Carey steps away outside leg, Bumrah follows him with a ripping yorker and gets it to zip under his bat. He's too good;
47.6;2;Bhuvneshwar to Starc, 2 runs back of a length and outside off, flicked to wide long-on for a double;
47.5;1;Bhuvneshwar to Carey, 1 run slower back of a length ball on leg stump, backs away and muscles to long-on;
47.4;1;Bhuvneshwar to Starc, 1 run back of a length on middle, another slower ball, tugged away to wide long-on;
47.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Starc, no run shortish and angling away outside off, jabbed away to the covers;
47.2;1;Bhuvneshwar to Carey, 1 run really full on the leg stump, glanced away wide enough of short fine leg for a 25-ball half-century - fastest by an Australian in a World Cup;
47.1;4;Bhuvneshwar to Carey, FOUR runs banged in short on middle, Carey takes it on with a hook and bisects deep midwicket and deep square leg;
46.6;W;Bumrah to Cummins, OUT 120ks slower offcutter, back of a length and outside off, Cummins swipes early to the leg side and edges it behind. Dhoni dives forward to pouch it;Pat Cummins c ?Dhoni b Bumrah 8 (11m 7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 114.28;
46.5;1;Bumrah to Carey, 1 run middle-stump yorker, Carey clears his front leg and forces the ball down to long-off. 300 up for Australia, but that 353 appears a million miles away;
46.4;1;Bumrah to Cummins, 1 run back of a length and angling in at off, hacked away to deep midwicket;
46.3;2;Bumrah to Cummins, 2 runs off-stump yorker, sliced to sweeper cover for a double;
46.2;4;Bumrah to Cummins, FOUR runs back of a length and just a shade outside off, Carey opens the bat-face and guides it away to the left of backward point and right of square third man;
46.1;1;Bumrah to Carey, 1 run yorker on off, 136ks, Carey makes room and jams it to the covers;
45.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Cummins, no run slower ball on middle, now it's Cummins' turn to swipe to the leg side and miss the variation;
45.5;1;Bhuvneshwar to Carey, 1 run yorker on leg stump, squirted down to long-on;
45.4;4;Bhuvneshwar to Carey, FOUR runs full and wide outside off, looks like an offcutter from Bhuvneshwar. Carey reaches out for the ball and carves it up and over cover-point;
45.3;1;Bhuvneshwar to Cummins, 1 run Bhuvneshwar hits a hard length on middle, dragged down to long-on;
45.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Cummins, no run back of a length and zipping through outside off, Cummins aims to run it down to deep third man. Beaten on the outside edge near the shoulder of the bat;
45.1;1;Bhuvneshwar to Carey, 1 run on a length and wide outside off, Carey reaches out for the ball, loses his shape, and inside-edges it past leg stump;
44.6;1;Bumrah to Carey, 1 run slower ball outside off, Carey steps away and steers to backward point;
44.5;W;Bumrah to Coulter-Nile, OUT NCN connects with a slower ball now, but can't clear the long boundary. Another 120ks short one wide outside off, NCN drags this offcutter to Kohli at deep midwicket. Kohli gets into a side-on position in the outfield but clings onto the catch;Nathan Coulter-Nile c Kohli b Bumrah 4 (22m 9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 44.44;
44.4;?;Bumrah to Coulter-Nile, no run slower ball outside off, 120ks, NCN is way too early into the slog, so can't touch it;
44.3;1;Bumrah to Carey, 1 run pitched up on middle, 141ks, Carey punches to mid-off and tears across to the other end;
44.2;4;Bumrah to Carey, FOUR runs lifter, angling in sharply from round the wicket, Carey ramps it up and over MS Dhoni's head. One-bounce four;
44.1;?;Bumrah to Carey, no run full-toss on leg stump from round the stumps, Carey gives himself some room and swishes it away to mid-off;
43.6;1;Hardik to Carey, 1 run slower short ball on middle, Carey delays his pull and swats it to deep midwicket;
43.5;4;Hardik to Carey, FOUR runs slower ball outside off, barely 115ks, Carey spots it. He baseball-swings it straight of wide long-on;
43.4;2;Hardik to Carey, 2 runs leg-stump yorker, squirted away through square leg;
43.3;1;Hardik to Coulter-Nile, 1 run slower ball outside off, dragged across the line to deep midwicket;
43.2;?;Hardik to Coulter-Nile, no run slower variation outside off, NCN does not pick it. Swings for the hills... and misses again;
43.1;1;Hardik to Carey, 1 run slower ball on middle, backs away and smears it to sweeper cover;
42.6;?;Chahal to Coulter-Nile, no run full and spins away outside of, NCN has an almighty swish... and misses;
42.5;1;Chahal to Carey, 1 run darted flatter and faster on middle, whipped away to deep midwicket;
42.4;6;Chahal to Carey, SIX runs tossed outside off. Here comes Carey: down the track and clouts it straight over Chahal's head. Bam;
42.3;2;Chahal to Carey, 2 runs shorter and outside off, cracked off the back foot to Rahul at sweeper;
42.2;4;Chahal to Carey, FOUR runs flatter and on the pads, Carey rolls out the sweep and hits it flat and hard between deep square leg and deep midwicket;
42.1;?;Chahal to Carey, no run googly, turns and bounces outside off, sliced away towards backward point;
41.6;?;Bumrah to Coulter-Nile, no run yorker from wide of the crease, NCN can't touch it. That would have beaten many top-order batsmen as well;
41.5;2;Bumrah to Coulter-Nile, 2 runs short and angling in at off, splices a pull over midwicket does NCN;
41.4;?;Bumrah to Coulter-Nile, no run back of a length and outside off, NCN throws his hands at the ball but does not make contact;
41.3;1;Bumrah to Carey, 1 run very full on middle, squeezed to mid-off;
41.2;1;Bumrah to Coulter-Nile, 1 run skewed away to the cover-point region;
41.1;5;Bumrah to Carey, 5 runs A run-out chance. But the result is 5 runs. Carey backs away and guides this to point, they risk a single. Jadeja swoops down on the ball but misses a direct hit, and KL Rahul lazily fumbles and allows the ball to the boundary;
40.6;1;Chahal to Carey, 1 run reckon that was the googly, Carey throws his hands at it and inside-edges past leg stump;
40.5;2;Chahal to Carey, 2 runs slower through the air and spins in, inside-edged to the leg side, Chahal himself chases the ball hard, but Carey gets two;
40.4;W;Chahal to Maxwell, OUT Chahal gets rid of Maxwell (again). This was pushed through on middle, Maxwell dares to slog-sweep against the break. He is beaten in flight and does not get all of it. He splices a top edge. Jadeja tears in from deep midwicket and completes an excellent tumbling catch. He isn't in the XI today - but is making an impact as sub. Three wickets in seven balls;Glenn Maxwell c sub (RA Jadeja) b Chahal 28 (25m 14b 5x4 0x6) SR: 200;
40.3;4;Chahal to Maxwell, FOUR runs turn and bounce outside off, Maxwell goes after it - he has to - slashes an outside edge past the right of Dhoni;
40.2;1;Chahal to Carey, 1 run flat and fired on middle and leg, jabbed to the left of Chahal;
40.1;1;Chahal to Maxwell, 1 run spinning into the pads, Maxwell works this googly away through the vacant spaces at square leg;
39.6;W;Bhuvneshwar to Stoinis, OUT clips his off stump! Length ball, just outside off, but angling in. Ball stays low again, and he misses the attempted front-foot defense. Ball skidding through, and that's two in one over!;Marcus Stoinis b Kumar 0 (3m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
39.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Stoinis, no run length ball, just outside off, and punched off the back foot to mid-off;
39.4;W;Bhuvneshwar to Smith, OUT length ball, on middle, but the ball stays low. Smith tries to nudge it to the leg side but misses, and the ball hits his front leg. Huge appeal for lbw, but not given. Kohli says neeche laga hai (ball hit him low) and opts to review. Replays show no inside-edge, and ball-tracking says "hitting leg stump". Smith needs to go! Gun review from India.;Steven Smith lbw b Kumar 69 (115m 70b 5x4 1x6) SR: 98.57;
39.3;1;Bhuvneshwar to Maxwell, 1 run another length ball, but wide outside off. Maxwell tries to cut, but under-edges the shot;
39.2;1;Bhuvneshwar to Smith, 1 run length ball, wide outside off, and Maxwell cut this behind square, but Bhuvneshwar is lucky that found Bumrah at short third man. Chance of a run-out at the bowler's end if it was a direct hit, but alas;
39.1;1;Bhuvneshwar to Maxwell, 1 run length ball, on middle, and nudged off his hips to midwicket;
38.6;?;Bumrah to Smith, no run yorker, wide outside off, and dug away to point;
38.5;4;Bumrah to Smith, FOUR runs top-edged over MSD! Back of a length ball aimed at Smith's head, but he manages to swipe the bat across his face and find some connect off the wood. Races away for four more. Not too convincing, and Smith even winks at Bumrah after that;
38.4;4;Bumrah to Smith, FOUR runs nearly clipped the stumps! Slower ball, full just outside off, and Smith tried to slog towards the leg side. But he was through his shot too early, and the inside-edge flew past leg stump;
38.3;?;Bumrah to Smith, no run length ball just outside off, and Smith attempts to punch, but the ball goes past his outside edge. On the bounce to MSD;
38.2;1;Bumrah to Maxwell, 1 run back of a length, on off, and pulled to deep backward square. Just a single;
38.1;4;Bumrah to Maxwell, FOUR runs stand and deliver! Length ball, just outside off but angling in. Maxwell half-swivels and hammers a front-foot pull to the cow-corner fence. Such great use of the bottom hand to generate that power;
37.6;4;Bhuvneshwar to Smith, FOUR runs full, on leg stump, and he clips this very very fine past Dhoni's left for another four. Expensive from Bhuvneshwar;
37.5;1;Bhuvneshwar to Maxwell, 1 run length ball, just outside off, and he pulls this uppishly over tp the fielder at deep backward square;
37.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Maxwell, no run length ball, outside off, and the ball generates a bit of a spongy bounce this time. Goes over his bat as he tries to cut;
37.3;2;Bhuvneshwar to Maxwell, 2 runs full on leg, and he works it off his pads to deep backward square;
37.2;4;Bhuvneshwar to Maxwell, FOUR runs finesse! Length ball angling in, and Maxwell opens the bat's face to delicately play this fine to the third-man fence;
37.1;4;Bhuvneshwar to Maxwell, FOUR runs length ball, outside off, and jagging in slightly. Maxwell allows the ball to get to him before crunching a square-cut past point;
36.6;1;Bumrah to Maxwell, 1 run full, on off, and he mistimes a cover drive to midwicket instead. Flies off the bat's inside-half;
36.5;4;Bumrah to Maxwell, FOUR runs length ball outside off, but angling in, and Maxwell gets off the mark with a first-ball four! Punches it past Smith to the long-on fence;
36.4;W;Bumrah to Khawaja, OUT boom boom Bumrah! Khawaja pays the price for trying to be too cute. Full on middle, and Khawaja shuffled across to try and ramp it past Dhoni, but he edges the ball right into his own stumps;Usman Khawaja b Bumrah 42 (48m 39b 4x4 1x6) SR: 107.69;
36.3;?;Bumrah to Khawaja, no run length ball, on off, and he tries to muscle a pull. Flat-bats it to mid-on instead;
36.2;?;Bumrah to Khawaja, no run slower ball wide outside off, and jagging away after hitting the deck. UK can't connect with the attempted cut;
36.1;1;Bumrah to Smith, 1 run length ball from outside off but angling in. Guided off the back foot to third man;
35.6;2;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 2 runs full, just outside leg stump, and Khawaja comes down the ground before going inside-out to deep extra cover. Australia go past 200;
35.5;1;Kuldeep to Smith, 1 run full, on leg stump, and Smith skips down the ground to drive to long off with the bat's open face;
35.4;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run full outside off, and he mistimes a leg-side swipe to midwicket. Dangerous single with Hardik lurking, but he fails to get the direct-hit at the bowler's end;
35.3;4;Kuldeep to Khawaja, FOUR runs full, on his toes, and he whips this with the bat's closed face to the leg-side fence;
35.2;6;Kuldeep to Khawaja, SIX runs full outside off, and turning further away, but Khawaja goes down on one knee to slog a six over Bhuvi at wide long on;
35.1;?;Kuldeep to Khawaja, no run full outside off, and turning away. Looks to drive through the covers but beaten by the turn;
34.6;1;Hardik to Khawaja, 1 run length ball outside leg stump, but Khawaja has made room too. So with all stumps exposed, Khawaja tries to Nataraja pull, but he mistimes it to the leg side;
34.5;?;Hardik to Khawaja, no run full, on middle, and he whips this to the leg side, but finds midwicket;
34.4;?;Hardik to Khawaja, no run back of a length on middle, and angling across Khawaja. He misses a flat-batted shot and it goes through to MSD;
34.3;4;Hardik to Khawaja, FOUR runs back of a length on leg, but this isn't quick enough. He pulls this in front of square, and this has raced away for four;
34.2;1;Hardik to Smith, 1 run length ball, just outside off, and tapped off the back foot to point. They jog across for one;
34.1;1b;Hardik to Khawaja, 1 bye back of a length, on leg stump, and he tries to pull but gets cramped up. Goes through to Dhoni. A proper short ball this;
33.6;4;Kuldeep to Smith, FOUR runs full outside off, and he caresses a drive through the covers! What good use of the wrists there. Fifty too;
33.5;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run full, on off, and he hammers a shot to wide long on. No real timing on this occasion;
33.4;1;Kuldeep to Smith, 1 run full, on off, and he nudges it to midwicket for a quick single;
33.3;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run full on middle, and sliding in. Rocks back deep in his crease, and pulls along the ground to the leg side;
33.2;?;Kuldeep to Khawaja, no run full outside off, and turning further away. But Khawaja is committed to the reverse sweep, and therefore mistimes this shot towards Dhoni;
33.1;1;Kuldeep to Smith, 1 run full, just outside off, and turning into Smith. Tapped to the off side;
32.6;1;Chahal to Smith, 1 run length ball, wide outside off and turning further away. Smith stretches to meet the ball, and mistimes a cut to deep point. Drinks;
32.5;1;Chahal to Khawaja, 1 run full, outside off, and sliding away this time. Caressed to long off;
32.4;4;Chahal to Khawaja, FOUR runs swept well! Too much air, too slow on leg, and Khawaja swiftly goes down on one knee to sweep behind square;
32.3;?;Chahal to Khawaja, no run tries to reverse sweep but misses. This was full on middle, and Khawaja shaped up to reverse sweep but the ball turned wildly down the leg side, but not called a wide since the batsman changed his grip;
32.2;1;Chahal to Smith, 1 run length ball outside off, and turning further away. Cut away to the sweeper-fielder on the off side;
32.1;?;Chahal to Smith, no run full, on off stump, and defended with soft hands;
31.6;4;Kuldeep to Khawaja, FOUR runs full, on leg stump, and Khawaja walked across his stumps to expose his wickets before slogging over deep backward square for a one-bounce four;
31.5;?;Kuldeep to Khawaja, no run length ball outside off, and turning further away. He makes room to cut square, but can't beat the infield;
31.4;?;Kuldeep to Khawaja, no run length ball, outside off, and flat-batted to mid-on;
31.3;1;Kuldeep to Smith, 1 run full, on off, and he comes down the wicket to mistimed a slog-type shot to long on;
31.2;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run;
31.1;?;Kuldeep to Khawaja, no run length ball outside off, and cut off the back foot to point;
30.6;?;Chahal to Smith, no run another Dhoni special! Is Smith run out? This was full outside off, and Smith came down the wicket to whip it away. The shot was inside-edged onto his pads and then rolled towards Dhoni, and the keeper threw the balls at the stumps. But replays show that Smith had managed to bring his bat back in before the bails were dislodged Azhar: "It's more like a T20 match now.. 198 needed of 20 overs.. Though it's a bit harder for aussies as they ve lost both their openers";
30.5;1;Chahal to Khawaja, 1 run full, on leg stump, and nudged off his pads to short fine leg. Enough time to scamper across for one;
30.4;?;Chahal to Khawaja, no run full outside leg, and he goes for the sweep. Hits it well, but finds short fine leg;
30.3;1;Chahal to Smith, 1 run fullish, wide outside off and turning away. Driven to wide extra cover;
30.2;1;Chahal to Khawaja, 1 run full outside leg stump and turning further away from Khawaja as he tries to sweep. Hits the back of Khawaja's bat and then hits Dhoni's helmet, but luckily nobody is hurt;
30.1;1;Chahal to Smith, 1 run length ball, outside off and turning further away. Cut square to deep point for one;
29.6;1;Kuldeep to Smith, 1 run drifts away and then spin back in from a length, Smith taps it into the off side as they sprint a single. Top stuff from India's spinners.;
29.5;?;Kuldeep to Smith, no run googly which he gets well forward to stab away;
29.4;?;Kuldeep to Smith, no run can't pick the gap, pulls this straight to square leg;
29.3;?;Kuldeep to Smith, no run slider this time on middle, Smith goes right back into the crease to keep that out;
29.2;?;Kuldeep to Smith, no run steps out, Kuldeep tosses this up nicely, he tucks this into the leg side;
29.1;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run long hop, which he rocks back and pulls to deep midwicket;
28.6;?;Chahal to Smith, no run slows it down nicely as Smith lunges forward to defend, squirted to short third man. In comes a quick throw, no chance of a single. Excellent over from Chahal;
28.5;?;Chahal to Smith, no run right into the blockhole, kept out. This drifted in from wide of the crease;
28.4;1;Chahal to Khawaja, 1 run steps out to the pitch and eases this to long-off;
28.3;2;Chahal to Khawaja, 2 runs just chipped over Chahal! Looked to turn it wide of midwicket. Lucky break for Khawaja, lack of pace nearly does him in.;
28.2;1;Chahal to Smith, 1 run reaches out to drive, hits it down to deep point. He hit that on the up, with the spin;
28.1;?;Chahal to Smith, no run beautiful loop from Yuzi! Sharp turn from outside off, dips on Smith as he looks to slog sweep but is beaten;
27.6;1;Hardik to Smith, 1 run hoicked from across the line to deep square;
27.5;2;Hardik to Smith, 2 runs outstanding stop by Rahul at sweeper cover! Absolutely crunched on the up, Rahul runs around 20 yards, and then puts out a swimming pool dive, stops it with one hand and then recovers in a nanosecond to fire a rocket throw. Saved two runs for the side;
27.4;?;Hardik to Smith, no run skiddy length delivery outside off, Smith taps it down to point;
27.3;1;Hardik to Khawaja, 1 run gets on top of the bounce and bunt it behind point;
27.2;?;Hardik to Khawaja, no run slower and fuller on leg-stump, works this to mid-on;
27.1;1;Hardik to Smith, 1 run full toss on the pads, flicked to deep midwicket;
26.6;1;Chahal to Smith, 1 run shorter and breaks away outside off, goes on the back foot and punches with a high elbow to sweeper;
26.5;?;Chahal to Smith, no run dropped short and outside off, cut to point;
26.4;1;Chahal to Khawaja, 1 run flatter and fired on off, tucked away through square leg;
26.3;?;Chahal to Khawaja, no run starts outside off and turns in, Khawaja deploys a giant stride and smothers it;
26.2;2;Chahal to Khawaja, 2 runs flighted on middle, paddled away fine of long leg;
26.1;1;Chahal to Smith, 1 run tossed up and turns away outside off, sliced to short third man via an outside edge;
25.6;1;Hardik to Smith, 1 run Smith plays around his front pad, picks a full-toss from off stump and flicks it away to fine leg. Had he missed it he would have been plumb lbw #JustSmiththings;
25.5;1;Hardik to Khawaja, 1 run short again, Khawaja rolls out a pull to fine leg;
25.4;?;Hardik to Khawaja, no run chest-high short ball on middle, fended away to the leg side;
25.3;1;Hardik to Smith, 1 run Smith shuffles across off and knocks a single to square leg;
25.2;1;Hardik to Khawaja, 1 run back of a length and angling away outside off, glided to point, where Jadeja (believe it or not) fumbles;
25.1;1;Hardik to Smith, 1 run full and around off, flicked to deep square leg;
24.6;?;Chahal to Khawaja, no run biting legbreak from Chahal. Starts outside off and turns in sharply, Khawaja doesn't account for the big turn and inside-edges onto the pad;
24.5;1;Chahal to Smith, 1 run pushed through on middle, eased down to long-on;
24.4;W;Chahal to Warner, OUT Warner holes out to deep midwicket. Tossed up and spins in on middle, Warner uses his feet and looks to slug it over the boundary rider. He can't quite connect it well enough and finds Bhuvneshwar in the outfield. He has been put out of his misery;David Warner c Kumar b Chahal 56 (111m 84b 5x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
24.3;1;Chahal to Smith, 1 run flighted and outside off, driven through the line to sweeper cover;
24.3;1w;Chahal to Smith, 1 wide leg-side wide;
24.2;2lb;Chahal to Smith, 2 leg byes drifts into the pads, tickled away fine of short fine leg;
24.1;2;Chahal to Smith, 2 runs pushed through on middle, down the track and clipped against the intended break to deep square leg's right;
23.6;2;Hardik to Warner, 2 runs back of a length on middle, pulled away to the left of deep midwicket. Rahul throws himself to his left and parries the ball away to Chahal running across from long leg. Fine tag-team effort at the boundary;
23.5;?;Hardik to Warner, no run back of a length on middle, Warner stays leg-side of the ball and dabs it away towards point;
23.4;1;Hardik to Smith, 1 run nice and full on off, that might not be in the whipping radar of the other batsmen. But Smith picks it away to deep midwicket with a big whirl of the wrists;
23.3;?;Hardik to Smith, no run fullish and outside off, tapped to mid-off;
23.2;1;Hardik to Warner, 1 run short on middle, Warner hangs back and awkwardly fends it to the leg side;
23.1;2;Hardik to Warner, 2 runs banged in short and outside off, slugged away to deep square leg;
22.6;4;Jadhav to Smith, FOUR runs low-arm dart from Jadhav, full and outside off, Smith crouches and slog-sweeps it away between long-on and deep midwicket;
22.6;1w;Jadhav to Smith, 1 wide;
22.5;1;Jadhav to Warner, 1 run;
22.4;1;Jadhav to Smith, 1 run;
22.3;?;Jadhav to Smith, no run;
22.2;6;Jadhav to Smith, SIX runs tossed outside off, Smith dashes down the track, gets closer to the pitch, and launches it over midwicket;
22.1;?;Jadhav to Smith, no run short and wide outside off, smeared straight to Chahal at short cover;
22.1;1w;Jadhav to Smith, 1 wide full and sliding down the leg side for a wide;
21.6;?;Chahal to Warner, no run tossed on the pads, clipped to short midwicket;
21.5;1;Chahal to Smith, 1 run short legbreak, cut off the back foot, Hardik throws himself to his left at short cover to stop the ball;
21.4;?;Chahal to Smith, no run looped up and drifts in on off, pushed back to Chahal;
21.3;?;Chahal to Smith, no run Smith shuffles across off and blocks a non-turning ball to the leg side;
21.2;?;Chahal to Smith, no run tossed up on off, forward and smothered;
21.1;1;Chahal to Warner, 1 run full and turns in, Warner nurdles a single to the leg side and brings up a scrappy fifty;
20.6;?;Bumrah to Smith, no run Smith jumps across off, Bumrah follows him with a lifter, Smith top-edges a pull onto his body;
20.5;?;Bumrah to Smith, no run good length and angling in at off, defended back;
20.4;1lb;Bumrah to Warner, 1 leg bye Warner, standing on leg stump, shuffles across off stump and deflects a slower variation through square leg;
20.3;?;Bumrah to Warner, no run back of a length and skidding into middle, no room for Warner to free his arms. Guided to point;
20.2;?;Bumrah to Warner, no run back of a length and slanting in on middle, the ball keeps low. Signs of inconsistent bounce. Kept out;
20.1;4;Bumrah to Warner, FOUR runs short, wide, Warner was searching for this width. Carved away to the third man boundary;
20.1;1w;Bumrah to Warner, 1 wide lifter outside off, flies through to the keeper, too wide, and so that's a wide;
19.6;1;Chahal to Warner, 1 run full, on leg stump, and drilled to long on.;
19.5;1;Chahal to Smith, 1 run full, on middle, and driven to long off;
19.4;1;Chahal to Warner, 1 run full, on off, and he drives down the ground to the vacant mid-off region. Fielder from cover comes running across to stop the ball;
19.3;1;Chahal to Smith, 1 run full, on off and turning away. Flicked to the leg side, off his boots, to deep midwicket;
19.2;?;Chahal to Smith, no run full, on off, and he takes a big stride forward to defend it back to the bowler;
19.1;1;Chahal to Warner, 1 run full, on leg stump, and he works a leg-side swipe off his toes to deep midwicket;
18.6;1;Kuldeep to Warner, 1 run length ball outside off, and he cuts it to deep point;
18.5;?;Kuldeep to Warner, no run full, on off, and he prods forward to defend;
18.4;1;Kuldeep to Smith, 1 run length ball, on middle, and Smith goes deep in his crease before working it off his waist to square leg;
18.3;1;Kuldeep to Warner, 1 run length ball, on off, and turning away. He swivels, and flat-bats a shot down to long on;
18.2;?;Kuldeep to Warner, no run full, on middle, much slower from Kuldeep. Warner comes down the wicket and taps it back to Kuldeep;
18.1;4;Kuldeep to Warner, FOUR runs hammered! Is this the delivery that helps Warner find his timing? Length ball outside off, and with the ball turning further away, he throws his hands at it to drill a square-cut for four;
17.6;1;Chahal to Warner, 1 run full, outside leg, and turning down leg again. But this time Warner uses his feet to meet the ball, and drives straight down the ground;
17.5;2;Chahal to Warner, 2 runs full outside leg, and turning further down the leg side. Warner tried to pull, but he couldn't connect. Neither could Dhoni. Replays show that it came off Warner's gloves, so did Dhoni miss a catching opportunity?;
17.4;?;Chahal to Warner, no run full, on off, and sliding away after pitching. Warner takes a big stride forward and pushes the ball towards the off side;
17.3;1;Chahal to Smith, 1 run length ball outside off, and turning away. Punched towards the off side for a single;
17.2;2;Chahal to Smith, 2 runs full, on off, and he whips this off his toes to deep midwicket. They take two this time;
17.1;2;Chahal to Smith, 2 runs legbreak first up. Lands full outside off, and turns away. Driven to wide long off;
16.6;?;Kuldeep to Warner, no run;
16.5;1;Kuldeep to Smith, 1 run fullish, on Smith's toes, and he uses his bottom hand to whip a shot away to deep midwicket;
16.4;1;Kuldeep to Warner, 1 run length ball outside off, and he cuts this off the back foot to deep point;
16.3;1;Kuldeep to Smith, 1 run full, on leg stump, and flicked to deep midwicket;
16.2;1;Kuldeep to Warner, 1 run fullish, just outside off, and he backs away to cut to point;
16.1;?;Kuldeep to Warner, no run full, on middle, and turning away. Tapped off the front foot to cover;
15.6;1;Hardik to Warner, 1 run length ball, on off, and he hammers a cut to deep point. Smith wanted the second, but seeing that Jadhav's at the boundary, Warner says no for the second. Drinks;
15.5;?;Hardik to Warner, no run length ball on off, and angling away from Warner. Shapes up to pull, but the ball goes under his bat;
15.4;1;Hardik to Smith, 1 run length ball, just outside off and angling in. He works it - off his hips - to the deep backward square region;
15.3;1;Hardik to Warner, 1 run length ball, on off, and he punches with the bat's open face to deep point;
15.2;?;Hardik to Warner, no run slower-ball short delivery on middle. Warner thought that was faster than it eventually was. Swayed away too early;
15.1;?;Hardik to Warner, no run back of a length, wide outside off, and he mistimes a pull. In the air, and taken at midwicket. But Warner is safe since that was a free hit;
15.1;5nb;Hardik to Warner, (no ball) FOUR runs back of a length, outside off but angling in. Warner takes his eyes off the ball, but follows through with the pull, and that has raced away to the backward square boundary. Free hit;
14.6;1;Kuldeep to Warner, 1 run full on off and turning away. He takes a big stride forward and drives to long off;
14.5;?;Kuldeep to Warner, no run full, on middle, and driven down the ground to mid-off;
14.4;1;Kuldeep to Smith, 1 run full, on middle and turning in. Worked off his pads to the leg side. Big gaps there;
14.3;1;Kuldeep to Warner, 1 run full, outside leg stump, and nudged off his pads to the leg side;
14.2;?;Kuldeep to Warner, no run length ball, just outside off and turning away. He backs away to cut, but under-edges the shot. Very nearly took off stump;
14.1;1;Kuldeep to Smith, 1 run full, on middle and turning away from Smith. He takes a big stride forward and drives to long on;
13.6;1;Hardik to Smith, 1 run length ball, on off and angling in. Uses his wrists to whip it away to deep midwicket;
13.5;?;Hardik to Smith, no run length ball, wide outside off, and he throws his hands at a square cut. Well struck, but finds point;
13.4;1;Hardik to Warner, 1 run length ball, on middle, and he cuts along the ground to Jadhav at deep point. They're happy with just the single;
13.3;?;Hardik to Warner, no run full, on off, and the ball takes some extra bounce when it reaches Warner. He takes one hand off his handle, and whips with soft hands to the leg side;
13.2;?;Hardik to Warner, no run back of a length, on middle, and Warner drops his knees to go under the ball;
13.1;W;Hardik to Warner, 1 run, OUT Is Finch gone! He's walking even before the decision is given by the third umpire! This was a length ball outside off, and Warner struck it to Jadhav at deep point. He picked the ball up in a flash, and a bit of hesitation on the second run has cost the captain his wicket. Good throw from the deep, and Hardik was composed to collect the ball and break the stumps. Oh dear. Wonder who among the two batsmen called for the second run;Aaron Finch run out (Jadhav/Pandya) 36 (60m 35b 3x4 1x6) SR: 102.85;
13.1;1w;Hardik to Warner, 1 wide back of a length on off, and angling into Warner. He sways away from the ball's line, and the umpire reckons its too high. Wide given;
12.6;1;Kuldeep to Warner, 1 run full, on leg stump. The legbreak turns across Warner, but before it can go too far he hammers a drive past the non-striker to long on;
12.5;1;Kuldeep to Finch, 1 run full, just outside off, and driven away from his body to wide long off;
12.4;?;Kuldeep to Finch, no run length ball, on off, and defended off the back foot to the off side;
12.3;1;Kuldeep to Warner, 1 run floated, drifting and landing on a leg-stump line. Warner nudges it off his toes to the midwicket region;
12.2;1;Kuldeep to Finch, 1 run full, on middle, and he presents the full face of the bat to drive. Straight to long on;
12.1;2;Kuldeep to Finch, 2 runs full, just outside off, and he goes down on one knee to slog sweep;
11.6;?;Hardik to Warner, no run length ball, on leg and Warner backs away to attempt a square cut. Finds point again;
11.5;?;Hardik to Warner, no run fullish, wide outside off, Pandya rolling his fingers over the ball. Tapped off the front foot with the bat's open face to point;
11.4;?;Hardik to Warner, no run back of a length, on off, and rising on Warner. Fended off the back foot;
11.3;?;Hardik to Warner, no run full, just outside off, and angling in. Warner looks to work it towards the leg side, but the ball takes an inside-edge onto his pads;
11.2;?;Hardik to Warner, no run on his toes, and driven to the off side. But Warner finds cover;
11.1;1;Hardik to Finch, 1 run length ball, on off, and Finch fends off the back foot to cover. They scamper across for a single;
10.6;1;Kuldeep to Finch, 1 run full, on middle, and Finch skips down the wicket to work it towards deep midwicket;
10.5;?;Kuldeep to Finch, no run length ball on middle, and turning into his pads. Rocks back, and flicks to square leg;
10.4;2;Kuldeep to Finch, 2 runs full, on off, and Finch shovels a drive to Jadhav at wide long off this time;
10.3;?;Kuldeep to Finch, no run full, just outside off and skidding through. Cut off the back foot to point;
10.2;1;Kuldeep to Warner, 1 run tossed up, on leg stump, and he drives inside-out to wide long off;
10.1;?;Kuldeep to Warner, no run full, on leg, nearly a yorker. Dug back to the bowler;
9.6;4;Hardik to Finch, FOUR runs short, wide, four more. Poor bowling from Pandya. There's no help from the pitch and Finch can simply hit through the line. This is biffed through extra-cover for a hat-trick of boundaries;
9.5;4;Hardik to Finch, FOUR runs short and attached with plenty of width, Finch stays leg-side of the ball and flays it away between covers and point for back-to-back boundaries;
9.4;6;Hardik to Finch, SIX runs shortish and outside off, not enough pace and bounce to trouble Finch. He nails a pull over midwicket;
9.3;1;Hardik to Warner, 1 run back of a length and outside off, punched to the off side;
9.2;?;Hardik to Warner, no run Warner cops a nasty blow on the glove. Back of a length and bursts at the body, Warner loosens his grip and wears it on the glove. That came outta nowhere;
9.1;4;Hardik to Warner, FOUR runs short on leg stump, Warner swivels on the back foot and pulls over short fine leg;
8.6;1;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, 1 run Warner ventures down the track, 125ks slower ball from Bhuvneshwar, asks Warner to manufacture the pace if he can. Warner checks his shot and pushes down the ground instead;
8.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run shorter and wide outside off, flashed away to short cover's right;
8.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run on a length and on middle, straight lines from Bhuvneshwar, no room, and blocked to cover;
8.3;1;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, 1 run wide of the crease, angling into middle, clipped away with the angle for one;
8.2;1;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, 1 run on a length and on the pads, picked off to the left of the leg umpire;
8.1;2;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, 2 runs short at the body, pulled away behind square on the leg side;
7.6;?;Hardik to Finch, no run back of a length and just a shade outside off, this sort of sticks in the pitch and messes with Finch's back-foot punch. The result is an inside edge that wanders away towards mid-on;
7.6;1w;Hardik to Finch, 1 wide lifter outside off, too high and that's a wide;
7.5;2;Hardik to Finch, 2 runs short at the body, tucked away towards deep square leg. Finch sprints back for the second. Chahal's throw isn't as powerful and Dhoni can't flick it onto the stumps either;
7.4;1;Hardik to Warner, 1 run short and angling in on middle and off, cramps Warner for room now. He hops and drops a single to point to break a sequence of dots;
7.3;1;Hardik to Finch, 1 run short at the body, Finch is cramped for room, but manages to flap it away to midwicket's right;
7.2;?;Hardik to Finch, no run shorter but too close to the body for a cut, Finch winds up chopping it away to point;
7.1;?;Hardik to Finch, no run short on middle, 132ks, blocked to the leg side;
6.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run back of a length and angling across off, inside-edged onto the pad. The ball trickles away to short cover, where Kohli swoops down on the ball, but can't capitalise on nervy running as he misses a direct hit. Had he nailed the stumps, Finch would have been out;
6.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run fuller offcutter outside off, no shot from Warner;
6.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run full and wide outside off, zips through to the keeper, as Warner flashes and collects fresh air. Might have been an offcutter;
6.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run back of a length and angling across off, punched away to point again;
6.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run on a length, pitches on middle, and angling away, guided off the face to point;
6.1;1;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, 1 run shortish and outside off, forced away to cover-point region;
5.6;?;Bumrah to Warner, no run pitched up and Bumrah explores the channel outside off, Warner doesn't, and that's a maiden for Bumrah;
5.5;?;Bumrah to Warner, no run short on off, fended off once again;
5.4;?;Bumrah to Warner, no run back of a length and attacking off stump, Warner hops and blocks it onto the pitch;
5.3;?;Bumrah to Warner, no run shorter and wider, the angle takes it away further, Warner responds with a jabbing punch but can't quite pierce the packed off-side ring;
5.2;?;Bumrah to Warner, no run fuller and bending away outside off, Warner exercises caution and shoulders arms;
5.1;?;Bumrah to Warner, no run dug in on off, swatted away to the left of Bumrah to mid-on;
4.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run Finch gets on top of a short ball outside off and punches nicely to the covers, where Rohit makes a tumbling save;
4.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run fuller and angling in on middle, blocked back to Bhuvneshwar;
4.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run shorter on middle and leg, Finch jumps and fends it away to the leg side;
4.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run fullish and just a shade outside off, guided towards point;
4.3;1w;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, 1 wide very full and slanting down the leg side for a wide;
4.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run on a length and nipping in at off stump, Finch simply plays it back to the bowler;
4.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run back of a length and angling in at the top of off, Finch gets on top of the bounce and crisply punches the ball to point;
3.6;1;Bumrah to Finch, 1 run back of a length, angling in and straightening late to take the outside edge and roll down to deep third man;
3.5;?;Bumrah to Finch, no run shorter and outside off, fended off to the off side;
3.4;4;Bumrah to Finch, FOUR runs too full and angling into the pads, stylishly dispatched to the midwicket boundary by Finch. Whipped away;
3.3;2;Bumrah to Finch, 2 runs wide of the crease, sharply angling into middle and leg, nurdled away through square leg with soft hands;
3.2;?;Bumrah to Finch, no run very full and swerving into the pads, Finch can't put it away with a flick;
3.1;?;Bumrah to Finch, no run just short of a length and outside off, punched on the up to mid-off;
2.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run fuller and running away outside off, left alone;
2.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run back of a length and outside off, Warner skews it away only as far as cover;
2.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run back of a length on middle, defended to cover once again;
2.3;2;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, 2 runs good length on off, tip and run to the covers;
2.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run good length and skipping away with the angle from over the wicket, Warner feels for the ball and is beaten emphatically;
2.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run full on the stumps, defended;
1.6;?;Bumrah to Finch, no run back of a length and holds its line outside off, diffused to the covers;
1.5;1;Bumrah to Warner, 1 run good length and angling away, run away towards point, where Jadeja swoops down on the ball. He's subbing for Dhawan;
1.4;?;Bumrah to Warner, no run back of a length on middle, tipped to the covers;
1.3;4;Bumrah to Warner, FOUR runs pitched up and angling across off, overpitched in fact, Warner loves it there. Drilled through the covers;
1.2;?;Bumrah to Warner, no run back of a length and outside off, slashed away to point;
1.1;?;Bumrah to Warner, no run Warner drags it back onto the stumps, but the bails refuse to budge. Clatters into the base of leg stump via a deflection off the boot, but the bails stay put. Banged in short and angling across off, Warner can't get on top of it. He fiddles with it and inside-edges it back onto the stumps. How many times has this happened in this World Cup?;
0.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run full and around off, defended off the front foot;
0.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run full and holds its line outside off, left alone;
0.4;2;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, 2 runs pitched up on off, no swing in the air, straight lines from Bhuvneshwar. Finch responds with a straight drive and hits the stumps at the other end. Finch takes two off the ricochet;
0.3;1;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, 1 run on the pads, picked off to the left of square leg as Warner opens his account;
0.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run back of a length on middle, Bhuvneshwar hits a hard length, Warner drops the ball to the covers;
0.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run full and nibbling into the pads slightly, Warner works it away towards midwicket;

2.45pm Hello again, ladies and gents. Many thanks, Sreshth. Can Australia chase down 353? They'd chase down a similar target in Mohali earlier this year, but the dew was a major factor there. Siyam Arshad reckons Australia can do it: "I still give Australia a good chance chasing this total"
Okay, Finch and Warner walk down the stairs and into the middle. The Indians, meanwhile, get into a huddle. Dhoni's gloves are in the spotlight. He will be wearing a new pair of gloves today without the dagger emblem. Bhuvneshwar has the new ball. Watch out Finch. But, it is Warner who'll take first strike. Let's go again
Mustafa Moudi: "Mohali and Turner has 6 letter so does London and Warner !! #JustSaying"
 Innings Start
India
Australia
14th match, The Oval, Jun 9 2019, ICC Cricket World Cup
352/5
316
Player of the match is Shikhar Dhawan, INDIA
India won by 36 runs
