Data
West Indies would have taken 191 had you offered them that before the innings. Bit how they kept going despite falls of wickets. Gayle, Samuels, Bravo, Pollard, Sammy... they were like a battery. How much will they rue that dropped catch off Gayle. Watson was the culprit, and pretty soon he will get a chance to make up for it with the bat. Do stay around
19.6;4;Starc to Narine, FOUR runs Narine doesn't bother. He has backed away and creamed a short delivery over extra cover. Gayle would have been happy with that shot;
19.5;W;Starc to Ramdin, OUT more timber. Ramdin backs away big time, Starc stays full and straight, and hits the base of middle and leg. Cant blame Ramdin much, but Starc is on a hat-trick;Denesh Ramdin b Starc 3 (8m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 150;
19.4;W;Starc to Sammy, OUT this ball has been to the moon and back. Full toss, hits it high on the bat, and skies it. Warner runs in from long-on, sets under it, completes the catch, with fingers pointing up in front of his upper abdomen. That was slightly uncomfortable, but not for Aussies;Daren Sammy c Warner b Starc 12 (12m 7b 1x4 1x6) SR: 171.42;
19.3;2lb;Starc to Sammy, 2 leg byes everyone's a-stumbling. This is a sharp delivery, cramps him up, hits him on the pad, has hardly reached the 30-yard circle at square leg, but Sammy wants two. As he turns, Sammy stumbles, but Wade stumbles too as he tries to pick up and throw. Sammy makes it;
19.2;6;Starc to Sammy, SIX runs what are these bats made of? This one looked like a skier the moment this left the bat. Had I been at long-on, I would have set myself up for the catch, but this just keeps sailing and sailing over that man;
19.1;4;Starc to Sammy, FOUR runs that's cruel. Sammy winds up big time, swings at a length ball, and the edge flies between the keeper and short third man;
18.6;1;Cummins to Sammy, 1 run another slower short ball, Sammy is wise to it, but gets just a single to deep square leg;
18.5;?;Cummins to Sammy, no run Sammy wanted to send this to Galle, but the slower ball never arrived, and he pulled out of the shot;
18.4;3;Cummins to Ramdin, 3 runs full toss on off, that's a nice welcome, Ramdin cashes in with a steer past point. Hogg runs from third man, doves, saves one run, and then waves to the applauding crowd;
18.3;W;Cummins to Bravo, OUT timbahhh. Cummins bowls slightly short of a length, Bravo makes room, looks to go ever extra cover. Bravo misses, the ball hits the top of middle and leg;Dwayne Bravo b Cummins 27 (39m 21b 1x4 1x6) SR: 128.57;
18.2;2;Cummins to Bravo, 2 runs slower bouncer, Bravo throws the kitchen sink and the wash basin at it, mis-hits it off the cue end, gets a couple to long-on just because of the mis-hit;
18.1;4;Cummins to Bravo, FOUR runs and he has still got four on off. Bravo makes room, Cummins follows him, sort of handcuffs him, but this thick edge from outside leg beats the keeper on his right;
17.6;1;Watson to Bravo, 1 run full, into the pads, driven to long-on;
17.5;1;Watson to Sammy, 1 run big wind-up, but Sammy doesn't get the length, and just bunts this shortish delivery for a single towards point;
17.4;1;Watson to Bravo, 1 run short of a length, on off, punched away for one;
17.3;W;Watson to Pollard, OUT Michael Hussey, what a cricketer. This is a low full toss, Pollard flicks it in the air, Hussey charges in from deep midwicket, and completes a low catch diving forward;Kieron Pollard c Hussey b Watson 10 (10m 8b 2x4 0x6) SR: 125;
17.2;4;Watson to Pollard, FOUR runs that's a kill-me ball. Length ball, outside off, and Pollard has murdered it to the left of the stumps at the non-striker's end;
17.1;?;Watson to Pollard, no run lovely bouncer, follows him like a stalker, and Pollard can't do anything with it. The head falls away as he swats at it;
16.6;2;Cummins to Bravo, 2 runs another slower bouncer, pulled away to deep square, Maxwell fumbles on the one-handed pick-up and concedes a second;
16.5;1;Cummins to Pollard, 1 run slower ball again, short of a length, waits for it, works it around the corner for one;
16.4;?;Cummins to Pollard, no run that's a useful delivery, wide yorker, beats his attempt at steering it fine;
16.3;1;Cummins to Bravo, 1 run and slower bouncer it is, pulled away to deep square for one;
16.3;2nb;Cummins to Pollard, (no ball) 1 run no-ball... that's not good. Oversteps bowling a length ball into the pads, goes for a single;
16.2;1;Cummins to Bravo, 1 run into the pads, worked away into the leg side;
16.1;6;Cummins to Bravo, SIX runs and pat he goes sailing. Length ball, outside off, Bravo stands rooted, and chips it over extra cover for a six. What a very Caribbean shot;
5.6;1lb;Christian to Gayle, 1 leg bye Gayle backs away, looks to pull, seems to have been beaten by low bounce, but gets a leg-bye;
5.5;?;Christian to Gayle, no run slower ball, yorks a charging Gayle. Good comeback;
5.4;4;Christian to Gayle, FOUR runs CH Gayle. Has. Arrived. Bowlers and fielders duck for cover. Backs away, takes a perfectly decent delivery from off, and smacks it over cover-point;
5.3;1;Christian to Samuels, 1 run length ball, on off 127ks, dabbed to third man;
5.2;W;Christian to Charles, OUT more timber. Not as comprehensive as the first wicket, but Australia needed this more desperately. Seems like a slower ball that kicked at him, hit the glove as he looked to run this down to third man, and rolled over to the stumps. In fact it's a big offcutter that hits his arm and ricochets onto the stumps;Johnson Charles b Christian 16 (17m 12b 2x4 1x6) SR: 133.33;
5.1;4;Christian to Charles, FOUR runs they are hemorrhaging runs here. Short of a length, into the pads, with short fine up, and he has placed it past short fine;
4.6;6;Cummins to Gayle, SIX runs back to full pace and nailed into the stands over square leg, it was around middle stump and swung high towards deep square leg who thought he might get there for a moment but it sailed over his head;
4.5;?;Cummins to Gayle, no run well bowled, slower ball bouncer, Gayle set himself for the pull again but pulled out after the ball pitched;
4.4;4;Cummins to Gayle, FOUR runs four into the same region, it was a touch straighter but swung into the same part of the boundary, only this blasted one bounce over the rope;
4.3;4;Cummins to Gayle, FOUR runs back of a length outside off, hammered past midwicket, wasn't totally timed but enough bat on it to get it out for four wide of deep square leg;
4.2;?;Cummins to Gayle, no run covered up around off stump;
4.1;4;Cummins to Gayle, FOUR runs length ball wide outside off, driven over cover point;
15.6;?;Hogg to Pollard, no run turns in sharply, hits the pad, but is missing leg;
15.5;4;Hogg to Pollard, FOUR runs the long-off is very wide, and Pollard capitalises. The first ball, full, and he chips it straight, just left of the stumps, and the long-off is not even in the frame;
15.4;1;Hogg to Bravo, 1 run short, on the stumps, punched away to deep point;
15.3;W;Hogg to Samuels, OUT Hogg gets Samuels who hasn't always picked the senior spinner. Samuels leaves the crease this time, the ball is flatter, falls slightly shorter than he expects it, and the mis-hit carries to long-on;Marlon Samuels c Warner b Hogg 50 (45m 32b 3x4 4x6) SR: 156.25;
15.2;1;Hogg to Bravo, 1 run good airtime on this delivery, full on the pads, worked away for another single, which brings Samuels back on;
15.1;1;Hogg to Samuels, 1 run flighted on off, driven to long-on to bring up the fifty. The whole dugout is up on their feet. Samuels raises his bat, shakes Bravo's hand. Lovely striking;
14.6;1;Watson to Samuels, 1 run full and straight, dug out for a single to long-on;
14.5;6;Watson to Samuels, SIX runs and it was telegraphed that a bouncer is to follow. Samuels is camping back, takes the expected bouncer from chest high, and absolutely hits the pants off this. Deep square leg is just a witness;
14.4;6;Watson to Samuels, SIX runs There is no justice for the bowler. Watson has seen Samuels back away, followed him, cramped him up, but Samuels somehow gets enough bat on this to clear long-on with ease. This goes high, has the fielders interested, but goes long too;
14.3;?;Watson to Samuels, no run well bowled again. Slower ball, on off, moves away a little. Samuels aborts the big wind-up, but is beaten on the attempted dab too;
14.2;1;Watson to Bravo, 1 run bouncer, 134ks, pulled away to deep midwicket;
14.1;?;Watson to Bravo, no run full, on the pads, pushed to straight midwicket;
3.6;4;Starc to Charles, FOUR runs backed away and slogged off the inside half of the bat past short fine leg;
3.5;6;Starc to Charles, SIX runs backed away, length ball on the pads and swung away over long on, good strike that;
3.4;1;Starc to Gayle, 1 run swing outside outside off and a wild edge to third man it's dropped by Shane Watson coming in off the third man rope, tough chance diving in but he got there and should have held it;
3.3;?;Starc to Gayle, no run;
3.2;2;Starc to Gayle, 2 runs Gayle is still biding his time. Looks to work this shortish delivery to leg side, gets a leading edge for two past mid-off;
3.2;1w;Starc to Gayle, 1 wide wide down the leg side;
3.1;?;Starc to Gayle, no run short of a length, angling in, defended to mid-on;
2.6;?;Cummins to Charles, no run Cummins may as well ask him to hold that thing straight so that he can aim at it. Driving outside off, and beaten by the slight movement away;
2.5;?;Cummins to Charles, no run they call this game hit or miss. At the moment, Charles is only missing. Another big drive tried, and he is beaten outside off again;
2.4;?;Cummins to Charles, no run seemed to be swinging with his eyes shut. Misses a length ball just outside off. That would have hit the fourth stump;
2.3;?;Cummins to Charles, no run full, wide outside off, beats the drive;
2.2;?;Cummins to Charles, no run Yorker, 140ks, dug out;
2.1;?;Cummins to Charles, no run length ball, outside off, 85mph, left alone;
1.6;1;Starc to Charles, 1 run length ball, on off, flicked away to deep square;
1.5;1;Starc to Gayle, 1 run full, angling in, worked away to deep square;
1.4;1;Starc to Charles, 1 run short of a length, swinging in again, off the inside half of the bat, gets a single wide of short fine;
1.3;W;Starc to Smith, OUT that's a right riper from Start. A ball and a half. Length ball, just outside off, swings in late, leaves Smith stunned, and hits the top of off. Smith is clearly surprised by this late movement;Dwayne Smith b Starc 2 (6m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 40;
1.2;?;Starc to Smith, no run swinging in but too far, and ricochets off the pad to short fine leg;
1.1;?;Starc to Smith, no run length ball outside off, gets it to shape back in a little, and Smith's wild drive is beaten;
0.6;?;Watson to Gayle, no run an increasingly familiar watchful start from Gayle. Left alone outside off;
0.5;1;Watson to Smith, 1 run short of a length, angling in, worked off the hip for a single;
0.4;1;Watson to Gayle, 1 run short of a length, on the pads, worked away wide of short fine for a single;
0.4;1w;Watson to Gayle, 1 wide that's a wide, and a big one outside off;
0.3;4lb;Watson to Gayle, 4 leg byes these are the most annoying runs a team can score. Gayle has ducked into a bouncer, he is not playing a shot, has been hit in the helmet, and has got four leg-byes. MCC, wake up and change this law;
0.2;?;Watson to Gayle, no run length ball outside off, and left alone;
0.1;1;Watson to Smith, 1 run Windies go slam bang first ball. Short, and Smith goes deep into the crease, and pulls it to deep square;

Chris Gayle is out, wearing an arm guard, which he doesn't often wear. The pirate bandana is there. Dwayne Smith is opening partner. Shane Watson has the new ball in hand
7.25pm The Aussie national anthem is under way. West Indies team anthem is already done. We are not too far from ball one
7.15pm It's a dry, breezy and cloudy evening in Colombo. Which means there will be some decorum, and not the pretence of a match played over seven overs. I know it's a fast-moving world and all that, but seven overs?
"Still do not understand the selection of George Bailey! Infuriating we pick a bloke as a captain, I hope he proves me wrong, but he and White (hack) holding out David Hussey really makes no sense!" Matt, I am not supposed to run down players, but I'd pick Clarke over Bailey any day - even in T20s
"No Andre Rusell! what kind of team balance is this? And Johnston who?" Prateek Mittal sounds like he is playing Cricinfo Fantasy
"I agree Sid, don't know why they just didn't extend, surely for a world cup that's possible? 7 overs truly relies on luck doesn't it? Just swinging the bat & hoping for boundarys!" SthAussie, my other issue with the previous match is, that it has no consequence on the rest of the tournament whatsoever. Only negatives could have come out of this game - injuries, for example
West Indies have won the toss, and have chosen to bat first. Here are the teams
West Indies Darren Sammy, Marlon Samules, Ravi Rampaul, Denesh Ramdin, Fidel Edwards, Chris Gayle, Johnston Charles, Dwayne Smith, Sunil Narine, Dwayne Bravo and Kieron Pollard
Australia George Bailey, Shane Watson, Michael Hussey, Pat Cummins, Brad Hogg, Cameron White, Mitch Starc, Glenn Maxwell, David Warner, Daniel Christian, Matthew Wade
6.45pm Hello and welcome to the 10th match of the extended warm-up round of World T20. If only we had teams carrying points forward to the next round, these matches between two big teams would have carried some consequence. Anyway, this is a promising contest: Watson, Warner, Gayle, Samuels - that's some of the best T20 talent going around - will be on show. The toss will happen in 15 minutes. Meanwhile you can enjoy (if you can) what is happening in Hambantota. I wouldn't call it cricket. Cricket doesn't happen over seven overs and 10 wickets
 Innings Start
Okay so that's it. A cold tournament finally reaches biggish matches, and rain allows only 43 overs of cricket over two matches. I have got a bad feeling about this tournament. Hoping for a better day tomorrow, this is Sidharth Monga signing off. Cheers
Presentation "Weather took away a very exciting game," says Darren Sammy. "Everybody was looking forward to it. The batsmen did what was required of them. we knew Australia would come back hard, and we took too long to respond. Just the way he goes about his innings, we just sit in the dressing room, and just enjoy watching him play. Edwards started well, but like I said we took too long to respond."
"There was some good stuff but there was some ordinary stuff as well," says George Bailey. "That's what the challenge is, to lessen the gap between the good and the ordinary stuff. We did do that in patches, but there were certainly patches when they got away from us. Watson and Warner did the job, Huss was good too. Disappointed with the rain, because an exciting finish was set up."
"It was a good day in the end," says Shane Watson. "Obviously disappointing to let them score 190. Dropping Gayle was a pretty bad feeling, especially when the next 10 balls go for 30-40 runs. So good to make up for it with the ball and the bat. It was great to watch Warner from the other end. That's the thing about our partnership. One day is his day, the next one can be mine."
10.55pm I am being told it has been pouring down in Colombo, and they are trying to find a place to hold the match presentation. However, I stay committed to bringing you those quotes, no matter how banal they might be
10.43pm Australia have won by 17 runs on D/L. Shane Watson is Man of the Match. A result reminiscent of West Indies' first match of the first World Twenty20, when they scored 200-plus, and failed to defend. This now turns West Indies-Ireland into a knockout game.
Gayle, Samuels were superb, and so was Watson. For a nine-over innings, as it turned out to be, Warner was useful too. Unfortunate day for the bowlers what with mis-hits flying for sixes. Stay back for quotes from the presentation
10.30pm Still sheeting down and David Hopps has spotted a fan in football jersey body-surfing on the covers. On a more serious note David lets me know the October monsoon is just setting in Sri Lanka, and this is not good news for the tournament. Also don't forget the Champions Cup that was washed out in Sri Lanka ended on September 30, which was roughly the same season. Not the cleverest bit of scheduling then
Meanwhile Rakesh, a West Indies fan if there ever was one, is tearing his hair apart: "In my 35 years of watching cricket, i am unable to recall a single game where i have seen such poor bowling and fielding by any team as the WI today"
"A question about D/L: say we lose 10 overs, turning it into a 10 over match. But say Australia is still ahead of D/L. Do they declare the game over then and there?" No, David, they could still lose wickets in the next five balls, thus changing the par score. Or, wait, I might be wrong. You have got me here
10.20pm Still pouring in Colombo. Australia getting closer to the win every passing minute
10.02pmWe are going off with this massive downpour. The covers are coming on, they will cover the whole ground, but let me tell you that the par score at this moment is 83. Australia are well ahead of it. My amateur calculation says they will start reducing overs if we don't resume play by 10.16pm. One over for every four minutes lost after 10.16pm
9.1;1;Rampaul to Watson, 1 run length ball, on off, stops at him, it is bowled at 123ks, and it is chipped short of long-on;
8.6;1;Bravo to Watson, 1 run slower ball, almost like a flighted delivery from a spinner. The half-volley is driven back at Bravo, and he misfields to allow a single;
8.5;1;Bravo to Hussey, 1 run low full toss, first time he has bowled at regular pace, and it's driven to long-off for one;
8.4;?;Bravo to Hussey, no run gives him the charge, Bravo bowls slow again, and this time Hussey hits straight to straight extra cover;
8.3;4;Bravo to Hussey, FOUR runs slow again, and short, and he has pulled it into the vacant deep square leg region. This is weird field placement. No square leg inside the circle, and none at the boundary either;
8.2;1;Bravo to Watson, 1 run another slow ball, 110ks, full, on the pads, and flicked away for one;
8.1;1;Bravo to Hussey, 1 run slower ball, full on off, pushed to long-off for one;
7.6;4;Samuels to Watson, FOUR runs short of a length, angling in, rocks back, and whacks it away past square leg;
7.5;6;Samuels to Watson, SIX runs short, flat, Watson pulls straight to deep midwicket, but this has burst through the hands of DR Smith. What a drop. That was simple by Smith's standards. That could have the final say in the match;
7.4;6;Samuels to Watson, SIX runs oh that seemed like he had mis-hit. The bat face turned open as he tried to loft over long-off, but it kept flying over the man. what bats are they using? Or are they playing in the rarefied atmosphere of Johannesburg?;
7.3;4;Samuels to Watson, FOUR runs short, flat, outside off, and he has got the room to swing at it and drag it over midwicket. That went flat and fast for four;
7.2;1;Samuels to Hussey, 1 run he has made up his mind to sweep long before he leaves the ball. Samuels is short and quick, but he still it drags it from wide outside off for a single to short fine;
7.1;1;Samuels to Watson, 1 run length ball, quick, on middle and leg, pushed to long-on;
6.6;4;Sammy to Hussey, FOUR runs innovation. Hussey walks across the stumps, takes a perfectly acceptable length ball on off, and drags it to the right of short fine leg;
6.5;1;Sammy to Watson, 1 run short of a length, into the pads, worked away for a single;
6.4;?;Sammy to Watson, no run short of a length, on off, defended back to him;
6.3;?;Sammy to Watson, no run that kicked at him. Short of a length, and bounces towards his chest. Watsin's head falls back as he fends with soft hands. It doesn't carry to point;
6.2;1;Sammy to Hussey, 1 run slower ball, short of a length, punched to long-off for one;
6.1;1;Sammy to Watson, 1 run short of a length, just outside off, late-cut away to third man;
5.6;1;Narine to Watson, 1 run straight delivery, on a length, middle and leg, Watson backs away to muscle it to long-on for one;
5.5;1;Narine to Hussey, 1 run big offbreak, on off, turning away sharply, Hussey gets a bottom edge towards short third man;
5.4;1;Narine to Watson, 1 run carrom ball, backs away to cut it wide of cover for one;
5.3;6;Narine to Watson, SIX runs offbreak, on off, on a length, and a free hit. That's recipe for a slog-swept six from Watson;
5.3;1nb;Narine to Watson, (no ball) another carrom ball, but this time he has overstepped;
5.2;?;Narine to Watson, no run the carrom ball, Watson doesn't read it, and it squeezes under his pulling bat;
5.1;2;Narine to Watson, 2 runs short offbreak, pulled flat towards deep midwicket, Smith charges in even though he knows he is not going to make it, and does well to get his body behind this half-volley;
4.6;?;Sammy to Hussey, no run short of a length, angling in, Hussey backs away, gets a bottom edge for one;
4.5;?;Sammy to Hussey, no run slower ball, looks to late-cut it, but can't beat backward point;
4.4;6;Sammy to Hussey, SIX runs short-arm pull-drive. Length ball, pitched leg, angling towards off, Hussey stays low, clears the front leg, and lofts it wide long-on;
4.3;?;Sammy to Hussey, no run short of a length, hits him on the pads, and then bounces into his face. Good job he is wearing a helmet;
4.2;1;Sammy to Watson, 1 run short, 122ks, Watson doesn't bother going back, and pulls away off the front foot. Gets a single to deep midwicket;
4.1;1;Sammy to Hussey, 1 run short ball, on the stumps, pulled in the air as it hurries onto him, but it doesn't carry to mid-on;
3.6;1;Narine to Hussey, 1 run full, on off, driven to long-off;
3.5;?;Narine to Hussey, no run short of a length, outside leg, turns towards the stumps, Hussey pushes to midwicket and wants one, but Watson doesn't. They are all safe, though, with Samuels's misfield;
3.4;1;Narine to Watson, 1 run short of a length, turning in from outside off, worked away for a single;
3.3;?;Narine to Watson, no run big offbreak, short of a length, outside off, turns down leg, cramps him up;
3.2;1;Narine to Hussey, 1 run short of a length, on the pads, turning towards off, pushed wide of cover;
3.1;1;Narine to Watson, 1 run straight delivery first up, glanced to short fine for one;
2.6;1;Edwards to Watson, 1 run short of a length, just outside off, steered away to third man;
2.5;1;Edwards to Hussey, 1 run short of a length, slight shape away, runs off the thick edge for a single to third man;
2.4;4;Edwards to Hussey, FOUR runs short, wide, Hussey cuts it over point. No fuss again. Edwards kicks at the ground in disgust;
2.3;1;Edwards to Watson, 1 run length ball, into the pads, worked away for one;
2.2;1;Edwards to Hussey, 1 run and just like that, without fuss, he runs a length ball to third man for one;
2.1;W;Edwards to Warner, OUT Warner is not going anywhere, but the finger has gone up. Stands, smiles wryly, and walks off. He is not happy, is Warner. This is a length ball outside off, Warner plays for the swing and tries the big booming drive. The ball doesn't quite come in, and Edwards and Ramdin are fairly certain he has nicked it. So is Asad Rauf. But Warner is raging. There was a noise but no deviation. We don't have a hotspot or snicko;David Warner c ?Ramdin b Edwards 28 (10m 14b 3x4 2x6) SR: 200;
1.6;1;Rampaul to Warner, 1 run nicely bowled. On a length, middle and leg, gets a thick edge from him, but Warner takes a single to keep the strike again. Watson has been a spectator so far;
1.5;4;Rampaul to Warner, FOUR runs Warner clears the front leg, gets a length ball, goes at it with all his might, gets a thick inside edge between the keeper and short fine leg;
1.5;1nb;Rampaul to Warner, (no ball) Beaten. Short of a length, outside off, angling away, beats him. I think it seamed a bit too. But he has overstepped too;
1.4;6;Rampaul to Warner, SIX runs this is a crazy game. Short, into the ribs, and he has short-arm pulled it over deep square leg. Top timing;
1.3;4;Rampaul to Warner, FOUR runs Warner goes boom again. Length ball, on off, drives inside-out, over mid-off. This chase is on at, at least at the moment;
1.2;?;Rampaul to Warner, no run length ball, on off, pushed to cover;
1.1;6;Rampaul to Warner, SIX runs Rampaul starts with a bouncer, Warner upper-cuts it, more like a boxer than other upper-cuts, in the sense that he really threw his hands at it. The third man came around, but was lobbed;
0.6;1;Edwards to Warner, 1 run short of a length, wide, doesn't come on at all, Warner is early into the punch and limply hits it to mid-off for one;
0.5;?;Edwards to Warner, no run full, driven back into the pitch, and it threatens to bounce over Castro's head, who parries it to mid-off;
0.4;2;Edwards to Warner, 2 runs short of a length, punched away square, the ball flies across the fast outfield, Ravi Rampaul is slow on his feet from third man, but puts in a swinging-pool dive to keep in;
0.3;?;Edwards to Warner, no run length ball, widish, the bat handle turns as he looks to drive at it without any feet. Back she goes to the bowler;
0.2;4;Edwards to Warner, FOUR runs the faster they come, the fatser they go. Half-volley at 142ks, outside off, and he drives it on the tun, between mid-off and extra cover, all along the ground;
0.2;1w;Edwards to Warner, 1 wide short of a length, wide outside off, 138ks, beats his attempt at the punch, called a wide. That's a bit harsh;
0.1;?;Edwards to Warner, no run what a delivery to start. Full, swinging, tailing towards off, beats the bat, misses the off stick by a whisket;

Back. Warner is scratching his guard. Fidel "Castro" Edwards is ready to sling his way in
 Innings Start
West Indies
Australia
8th Match, Group B (N), Colombo (RPS), Sep 22 2012, ICC World Twenty20
191/8
100/1
Player of the match is Shane Watson, AUS
Australia won by 17 runs (D/L method)
