Data
Innings break India all out for 250. Despite being bowled out that's a very good score on this surface. Kohli made batting look so much easier than it was in making his 40th ODI century. They would have made a lot more had Vijay Shankar not been run out in unfortunate circumstances. He looked in superb touch and deserved more than 46. Cummins was outstanding taking 4 for 29 but Maxwell and Lyon bowled impressively as well. This will be a really tough chase. They will need to be very aggressive early.
Gaurav Sundararaman reminds us that this game looks similar to this match in 2017.
Karthik will be back to take you through the start of the chase.
48.2;W;Coulter-Nile to Bumrah, OUT chopped on! This was full and wide of off, he reached away from his body to drive, got a thick inside edge and dragged it back onto the stumps! India bowled out with 10 balls left!;Jasprit Bumrah b Coulter-Nile 0 (2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
48.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Shami, 1 run shorter ball, he backs away and pulls firmly to deep midwicket;
47.6;?;Cummins to Bumrah, no run good length, top of off, Bumrah plays a rock solid forward defence to a huge roar from the crowd;
47.5;W;Cummins to Kuldeep, OUT Bowled him around his legs! Slower ball off cutter, it pitched outside leg, Kuldeep shuffled across his stumps trying to glance it fine, he missed and it crashed into the exposed leg stump! Four for Cummins!;Kuldeep Yadav b Cummins 3 (3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
47.4;1;Cummins to Shami, 1 run good length, angled into the pads, he gets a thin inside edge, onto pad and rolls away for a single;
47.3;?;Cummins to Shami, no run an edge but it just falls short of Carey! It was wide, he tried to late cut and got a thin edge but the slowness of the pitch saw it not carry;
47.2;?;Cummins to Shami, no run good length, top of off, he's back and across and defending;
47.1;W;Cummins to Kohli, OUT caught at deep square leg! Kohli can't believe he found the fielder! He's furious with himself. Short slower ball stopped in the surface a touch, he timed the pull shot well but just dragged it squarer than he intended, straight to Stoinis who holds on! The end of another masterful display.;Virat Kohli c Stoinis b Cummins 116 (120b 10x4 0x6) SR: 96.66;
46.6;2;Zampa to Kuldeep, 2 runs full outside off, he sweeps hard forward of square, Kohli yells "Two!" and they get back easily to Kohli can take the strike next over;
46.5;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run looped up leg break, he drives gloriously through cover but there is a man well placed for that shot in the deep;
46.4;1;Zampa to Kuldeep, 1 run full outside leg, he sweeps with control to deep fine leg to rotate the strike;
46.3;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run shorter length, he's back and whipping this to deep midwicket but only one this time;
46.2;4;Zampa to Kohli, FOUR runs tossed up and he whips against the spin wide of long on and beats the man! Staggering timing and placement to beat the sweepers on the rope!;
46.1;?;Zampa to Kohli, no run good length leg break, he's back and punching back to the bowler;
45.6;1;Cummins to Kohli, 1 run shorter length wide of off, he stands up and cracks a cut shot off the front foot forward of point but he hit it too well and only gets one as it reaches the sweeper quickly;
45.5;W;Cummins to Jadeja, OUT caught at mid off! Slower ball does the trick. Mid off was inside the circle. It was full, he gave himself some room to go inside out over mid off, he miscues off the toe of the bat and slices it high to mid off, Khawaja runs back from the circle and takes the catch well.;Ravindra Jadeja c Khawaja b Cummins 21 (40b 0x4 0x6) SR: 52.5;
45.4;1;Cummins to Kohli, 1 run good length, top of off, he's turning this with the bottom hand wide of mid on;
45.3;1;Cummins to Jadeja, 1 run back of a length, he's giving room and late cutting to deep wide third man;
45.2;2;Cummins to Jadeja, 2 runs slower ball on leg, he tucks this to the circle at square leg and they sprint immediately for two and get there despite Marsh's throw coming in quickly;
45.1;1;Cummins to Kohli, 1 run shorter length, top of off, he gets up on his toes and knocks this down into the gully;
44.6;?;Zampa to Jadeja, no run wrong un outside leg, he tries to sweep but is hit on the pad;
44.5;?;Zampa to Jadeja, no run leg break on leg stump, he tucks this straight to square leg;
44.4;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run shorter and he's back and pushing this to the gap at cover;
44.3;1;Zampa to Jadeja, 1 run fuller leg break, he defends this with the spin into the leg side;
44.2;2;Zampa to Jadeja, 2 runs was this dropped by Stoinis at deep midwicket? Yes it was! It was pulled flat to the deep, Stoinis was there, sliding on his knees and put it down! They get two. He got both hands to it. Maybe didn't quite move quick enough early enough.;
44.1;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run flatter into leg stump, he knocks this to deep midwicket;
43.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Jadeja, no run good length, top of off, he's forced to defend from the crease;
43.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run short ball, cracks a pull shot hard to deep square but straight to the sweeper;
43.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Jadeja, 1 run slower ball outside off, he sits back and runs this down to third man for a single;
43.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run slower ball, outside off, he defends to cover-point and they take a tight one;
43.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, no run shorter ball that bounces higher, he plays a tennis type smash to knock it back to the bowler;
43.1;4;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, FOUR runs short and wide and slashed through point! Century number 40 in ODI cricket for Virat Kohli! Too short and too wide and crunched to the backward point boundary.;
42.6;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run fuller on leg stump, he clips this firmly to deep forward square but only one;
42.5;1;Maxwell to Jadeja, 1 run tossed up high, on middle, he leans forward and pushes it slowly into the leg side for a single;
42.4;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run short ball, surprised him, he stands up and bunts it to deep midwicket;
42.3;1lb;Maxwell to Jadeja, 1 leg bye round arm, slung into leg stump, it comes of pad and runs fine of short fine for a leg bye;
42.2;?;Maxwell to Jadeja, no run pushed through flatter wide of off, he tries to cut but misses;
42.1;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run flatter and slid through, he dabs this fine of short third man;
41.6;3;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 3 runs shorter slower ball wide of off, he gets on top of the bounce and punches this wide of cover with great timing given how slow it bounced, Handscomb has a long chase from deep point and just reels it in;
41.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Jadeja, 1 run shorter length, 133kph, he pulls firmly to deep square leg;
41.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run he walks down the track, stands tall and knocks this down towards midwicket for a single;
41.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Jadeja, 1 run length ball, he charges and stays leg side to run this to third man;
41.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Jadeja, no run good length, top of middle, he is caught on the crease defending;
41.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run short ball outside off, he swivels and cracks a pull shot along the ground straight to midwicket;
40.6;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run 91kph, full on leg, he turns this off this pads with ease through square leg to the sweeper;
40.5;1;Maxwell to Jadeja, 1 run shorter length, he's back and running this off the face to short third man and they pinch one;
40.4;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run fuller and he drives extravagantly to long on;
40.3;?;Maxwell to Kohli, no run quicker wide of off, he's back and dabbing to backward point;
40.2;1;Maxwell to Jadeja, 1 run shorter and flatter, 90kph, he's back and slapping this to long on;
40.1;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run fuller on leg, he clips this firmly to deep midwicket;
39.6;?;Cummins to Jadeja, no run 142kph, back of a length outside off, he's up on his toes defending this to gully;
39.5;1;Cummins to Kohli, 1 run 141kph, back of a length wide of off, he's back and running this off the open face to third man;
39.4;?;Cummins to Kohli, no run good length outside off, Kohli pushes towards gully and Maxwell is hunting, no attempt to run this time;
39.3;1;Cummins to Jadeja, 1 run length outside off, he dabs this down to third man;
39.2;1;Cummins to Kohli, 1 run Kohli nearly run out by Maxwell! Slower ball he dabs it to backward point, Kohli runs, Jaddu sends him back, Maxwell swoops to his right, gathers and fires and misses! He was out by miles, they get an over throw in the end! Huge reprieve;
39.1;?;Cummins to Kohli, no run fuller, 142kph, angled into middle, he clips this uppishly towards midwicket but well short the man in the circle;
38.6;?;Maxwell to Jadeja, no run this kept low. It was shorter, he went back to cut, it slid through and he jammed the bat down to keep it out;
38.5;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run flatter and shorter on leg, he's back and tucking this behind square for a single;
38.4;1;Maxwell to Jadeja, 1 run drifting into middle, he pushes firmly to long on;
38.3;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run looped higher and slower, he waits and drives down to long on;
38.2;1;Maxwell to Jadeja, 1 run round arm, shorter, he's back and creating room to cut hard to deep point;
38.1;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run tossed up on leg, he strides forward to clip this to wide long on;
37.6;?;Cummins to Jadeja, no run good length, top of off, he pushes opening the face towards backward point;
37.5;?;Cummins to Jadeja, no run good length, top of off, 144kph, he defends on the front foot;
37.4;1;Cummins to Kohli, 1 run shorter slower ball outside off, he's up on his toes angling the blade and running it towards third man to rotate the strike;
37.3;4;Cummins to Kohli, FOUR runs short and wide and he slashes this up and over backward point! Too wide and he hammered it wide of third man with those trademark fast hands;
37.2;1;Cummins to Jadeja, 1 run 139kph, good length, hurries him, he jams it off the inside edge onto pad and it drops behind square and they pinch one;
37.1;?;Cummins to Jadeja, no run short ball, 129kph, on off, he stands up on his toes and defends dropping it to his feet;
36.6;2;Maxwell to Kohli, 2 runs tossed up, he whips this powerfully along the ground with the bottom into the gap at wide long on and Handscomb slides on the rope to make the save;
36.6;1w;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 wide pushed down the leg side and Kohli lets it go for a wide;
36.5;?;Maxwell to Kohli, no run flatter on middle and off, he's back and tucking this to midwicket but the fielder is there;
36.4;1;Maxwell to Jadeja, 1 run looped up wide of off, he punches a drive to deep cover-point;
36.3;?;Maxwell to Jadeja, no run tossed high outside off, he lets this go;
36.2;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run flatter on middle, he pushes this gently to the gap at midwicket for a single;
36.1;?;Maxwell to Kohli, no run darted into leg stump, he's back and clipping this to forward square;
36.1;1w;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 wide full down the leg side and called wide;
35.6;2;Lyon to Jadeja, 2 runs tossed up, he pushes this slowly in the air for a little bit towards wide long on, Kohli calls two straight away and runs brilliantly to get back easily;
35.5;?;Lyon to Jadeja, no run looped up outside off, he defends again reaching out;
35.4;?;Lyon to Jadeja, no run drifting into leg stump, he turns this around the corner against the spin but straight to the man at square leg;
35.3;?;Lyon to Jadeja, no run tossed up on middle, he stretches forward and defends with soft hands;
35.2;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run flatter and quicker wide of off, he's back and cutting hard to deep cover-point;
35.1;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run tossed up on middle, he just pushes this angling it to midwicket;
34.6;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run tossed up on middle, he drills this down to long on;
34.5;?;Maxwell to Kohli, no run fuller on leg, he turns this straight to forward square leg in the circle;
34.4;2;Maxwell to Kohli, 2 runs full outside off, he drives hard to cover's right and Finch gets a touch on it but can't knock it down, but they only get two. He might have stopped the boundary;
34.3;1;Maxwell to Jadeja, 1 run loopy full toss, gently pushed down the ground to long on;
34.2;?;Maxwell to Jadeja, no run drifting into off, he pushes on the front foot to cover;
34.1;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run tossed up outside off, he reaches out and slaps a drive with the bottom hand to long on;
33.6;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run shorter on leg, he's back deep in the crease and glancing it fine but just for one;
33.5;1;Lyon to Jadeja, 1 run shorter length, wide of off, he dabs a cut behind point to rotate the strike;
33.4;?;Lyon to Jadeja, no run is he stumped? This is sent upstairs to the TV umpire. 87kph beautifully flighted off break, it drops and spins past the edge as he stretches a long way forward to defend, his back foot dragged out but he just gets his toe back! Not out. It was close;
33.3;?;Lyon to Jadeja, no run tossed up outside off, he reaches forward and smothers the spin;
33.2;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run shorter length on leg, he's back and tucking this behind square for one this time;
33.1;2;Lyon to Kohli, 2 runs full outside off, he flicks this through square leg with superb wrists and they sprint for two and get it;
32.6;?;Zampa to Jadeja, no run flatter and quicker outside off, he lets this go;
32.5;?;Zampa to Jadeja, no run edged and just short of slip! Brilliant wrong un, he pressed forward and got an edge but the soft hands and angled bat saw it fall just short of Khawaja!;
32.4;?;Zampa to Jadeja, no run shorter length leg break, he's back and tucking this behind square to the fielder;
32.3;W;Zampa to Dhoni, OUT and he's gone first ball! Perhaps not short enough to cut, or wide enough, and it hurries through off the pitch. Dhoni rocks back and only manages a thick edge that is gobbled up brilliantly at slip by Usman Khawaja falling to his right. He wouldn't have had much reaction time there;MS Dhoni c Khawaja b Zampa 0 (1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
32.2;W;Zampa to Jadhav, OUT gone, that's a soft dismissal. Full and wide outside off, perhaps too full to play the lofted drive over short extra-cover. Goes for it and hits it straight to the fielder;Kedar Jadhav c Finch b Zampa 11 (12b 1x4 0x6) SR: 91.66;
32.1;4;Zampa to Jadhav, FOUR runs nutmegged. Tossed up wide of off and Jadhav stretches out for the sweep. The ball keeps low, and he ends up bottom-edging it between the keeper's legs;
31.6;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run flat length ball on middle and off, punched back to the bowler;
31.5;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run back of a length on off stump, hangs back and chops to short third man;
31.4;1;Lyon to Jadhav, 1 run well bowled. Length ball pitching on leg stump, goes with the angle towards off stump. Almost closes his face playing for turn, but watches it well and adjusts to show a fullish face and play into the covers;
31.3;?;Lyon to Jadhav, no run flat length ball on middle stump, clipped to midwicket;
31.2;?;Lyon to Jadhav, no run back of a length on leg stump, clipped to backward square leg;
31.1;?;Lyon to Jadhav, no run flat length ball angling across to off stump, goes back to defend with soft hands;
30.6;2;Zampa to Kohli, 2 runs short on off stump, makes a bit of room to punch it away to the right of Stoinis at sweeper cover;
30.5;1;Zampa to Jadhav, 1 run length ball on leg stump, clipped away towards deep square leg;
30.4;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run flat, back of a length, skids on towards leg stump. Goes back to flat-bat to long-on;
30.3;?;Zampa to Kohli, no run loopy delivery just outside off. Another full-blooded straight drive from Kohli, back towards the bowler on this occasion;
30.2;1;Zampa to Jadhav, 1 run full on off stump, punched to long-off, briefly in the air;
30.1;?;Zampa to Jadhav, no run flat length ball, straightens along an off-stump line, goes back to defend into the covers;
29.6;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run a touch short, Kohli pulls but can't beat the man at backward square leg;
29.5;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run flat length ball, bounces extra to hit Kohli on the glove as he leans back for the late cut;
29.4;3;Lyon to Jadhav, 3 runs a touch short, turning in towards off stump, rocks back, makes room, and cuts it away a long way to the left of Handscomb at deep cover point. Good effort in the deep to keep it down to three;
29.3;?;Lyon to Jadhav, no run tossed up slow outside off, presses forward, waits, and blocks it back to the bowler;
29.2;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run flat length ball on leg stump, clipped to the right of backward square leg;
29.1;1;Lyon to Jadhav, 1 run back of a length, angling across to top of off. Goes deep in his crease to tuck it away through backward square leg;
28.6;?;Zampa to Kohli, no run flat length ball on off stump, Kohli stretches out to block into the covers;
28.5;W;Zampa to Kohli, OUT oh no. That's such an unfortunate way to go. Full again, and Kohli drives it straight this time, with a lot of power, and the bowler dives to his right and gets his fingertips onto the ball, just about grazes it on its way to the stumps at the other end. Vijay dives to try and regain his ground, but he's just short. A really unfortunate end to a superb innings, he deserved at least a fifty here;Vijay Shankar run out (Zampa) 46 (41b 5x4 1x6) SR: 112.19;
28.4;4;Zampa to Kohli, FOUR runs flights it now, outside off, and overpitches. Kohli puts it away easily, drives with the follow-through over his left shoulder, and finds the wide long-off boundary;
28.3;?;Zampa to Kohli, no run back of a length close to off stump, goes back to chop to short third man;
28.2;1;Zampa to Shankar, 1 run looks for another big hit, this time he isn't quite close enough to the pitch of the ball. Skews it briefly in the air, towards long-off;
28.1;4;Zampa to Shankar, FOUR runs that's some greeting. Flights it and drops it into his hitting arc, on off stump, but he still had to do the bulk of the work there, nice stride forward, keeping his front leg out of the way, and drives it firm and crisp, back over the bowler's head;
27.6;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run tossed up on middle stump, gets forward for the flick to backward square leg;
27.5;1;Lyon to Shankar, 1 run a little shorter, goes back and works it to deep square leg;
27.4;?;Lyon to Shankar, no run on the pads, clipped firmly but straight to backward square leg;
27.3;?;Lyon to Shankar, no run well played. Goes on the back foot to one that keeps a little low and slides on towards off stump. Does well to play with a perfectly straight bat and keep it out, punches it back to the bowler;
27.2;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run tossed up wide of off stump, and Kohli brings his wrists into play to whip it to long-on;
27.1;4;Lyon to Kohli, FOUR runs back of a length, close to off stump, and that's smartly done. Stays leg-side of the ball, waits, and uses the pace and round-the-wicket angle to guide it into the gap to the left of short third man;
26.6;6;Stoinis to Shankar, SIX runs and again, that almost-straight-bat punch over midwicket. This one was even shorter, and he can free his arms even more to clear the boundary;
26.5;2lb;Stoinis to Shankar, 2 leg byes angles this slightly down leg, and Vijay misses the flick. Rolls off the pad and beats the keeper diving to his left. Carey gets one glove on it to keep the runs down;
26.4;4;Stoinis to Shankar, FOUR runs shot! This has been such a confident, accomplished knock so far. Short outside off, and that's more a straight-bat punch than a front-foot pull, up and over midwicket;
26.3;1;Stoinis to Kohli, 1 run back of a length close to off stump, waits on it and steers it down to third man;
26.2;?;Stoinis to Kohli, no run looks to step out and Coulter-Nile sees him coming. Shortens his length and bowls wider outside off. Pulled to midwicket;
26.1;1;Stoinis to Shankar, 1 run back of a length on off stump, pulled round whippily to deep square leg;
25.6;1;Lyon to Shankar, 1 run nicely played. Again that length where he can't drive firmly along the ground, angled across him to off stump. Uses his wrists to chip it deliberately over the wide mid-on region;
25.5;?;Lyon to Shankar, no run fuller now, on off stump, whipped to midwicket;
25.4;?;Lyon to Shankar, no run flat, angled across onto a good length outside off. Stretches forward and across to defend;
25.3;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run back of a length on off stump, goes back and across for the straight-bat punch to deep square leg;
25.2;1;Lyon to Shankar, 1 run back of a length on leg stump, tucked away to long leg;
25.1;?;Lyon to Shankar, no run nice trajectory, dips onto a good length close to off stump, all the while angling across Vijay. Gets on the front foot to defend with soft hands;
24.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Shankar, 1 run fullish, angling into off stump, nice use of the wrists again to clip into the gap to the right of mid-on, forces the fielder into a sprint and a dive;
24.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run back of a length close to off stump, lets it come on and chops it to third man;
24.4;1lb;Coulter-Nile to Shankar, 1 leg bye back of a length, angling slightly down leg, tucked off the hip towards long leg. Not sure he got any bat on it, actually;
24.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run fullish, close to off stump, strides forward and pushes to deep point to bring up his 50th fifty in ODIs. Wow.;
24.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Shankar, 1 run short, fifth-stump line, lets it come on and steers it to third man;
24.1;4;Coulter-Nile to Shankar, FOUR runs overpitched, angling into off stump, and that's a super shot from Vijay. Gets forward and brings his bottom hand into play to drive it between the non-striker and mid-on;
23.6;1;Lyon to Shankar, 1 run length ball on off stump, gets forward and clips to the right of midwicket;
23.5;?;Lyon to Shankar, no run nicely flighted close to off stump, good stretch out to get close to the pitch and defend;
23.4;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run back of a length, straightens slightly onto an off-stump line. Goes deep in his crease and punches to long-on;
23.3;1;Lyon to Shankar, 1 run flat length ball on leg stump, clipped to deep midwicket;
23.2;4;Lyon to Shankar, FOUR runs flat again, a touch shorter on leg stump, and that's cleverly done. Steps across his stumps to create the opportunity to glance it really fine, and he leaves long leg no chance;
23.1;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run quickish on the pads. Tickled away into the fine fine leg region;
22.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Shankar, no run fullish, close to off stump, looks like the offcutter. Shows the full face to punch it back to the bowler;
22.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run length ball, angling into middle and leg. Tucked away quietly to long leg;
22.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, no run shortish on off stump, gets on his toes to ride the bounce and punch into the point region;
22.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Shankar, 1 run nice length, on the fuller side of a good length without being full enough to play the full-blooded drive. Gets forward to try and drive past extra-cover but the fielder dives to his right to parry the ball away;
22.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Shankar, no run fuller now, fourth-stump line. Gets forward for the checked drive to mid-off;
22.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run back of a length close to off stump, lets it come on and guides it to third man;
21.6;?;Lyon to Shankar, no run nicely bowled again. Flat and quick, angling across to just outside off stump. Looks for the clipped single to long-on but Lyon dives quickly to his right to cut it off;
21.5;?;Lyon to Shankar, no run length ball, angles across a little further. Presses forward and dabs to backward point with an open face;
21.4;?;Lyon to Shankar, no run flat length ball slanting across the batsman. Good stride forward to defend;
21.3;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run a bit more flight and Kohli can take a big step forward to whip it firmly to long-on;
21.2;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run nicely bowled, drifts it across to off stump and Kohli stretches out, looking to defend, playing for turn. Slides on with the angle to beat the outside edge;
21.1;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run flat trajectory, angling across to off stump. Goes back and across and clips to midwicket;
20.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Shankar, no run back of a length just outside off. Vijay takes a step back and across to try and flick it to the right of midwicket, but he doesn't get close enough to the line to be able to find the gap. Hits it to the fielder instead;
20.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Shankar, no run back of a length, a little wider outside off. Presses forward and defends to backward point;
20.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Shankar, no run back of a length, a bit of nip back in towards off stump. Cramps Vijay as he looks to dab into the point region, and he inside edges into his thigh pad;
20.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run full, angling into middle stump. Kohli gets across and flicks it to fine leg;
20.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Shankar, 1 run back of a length close to off stump, gets behind it, drops it gently into the off side with soft hands, and immediately calls Kohli through for a sneaky single;
20.1;4;Coulter-Nile to Shankar, FOUR runs shot. It's a touch short, and quite a bit of width on it. Vijay punches it crisply, with a straight bat, to the point boundary;
19.6;1;Zampa to Shankar, 1 run full on off stump, clipped away to deep midwicket;
19.5;1b;Zampa to Kohli, 1 bye ooh, keeps a little low. Nice length outside off, brings Kohli forward but he isn't near enough the pitch to close down the turn. Spins past the edge as he looks to steer it behind point, and keeps a little low to flummox the keeper;
19.4;1;Zampa to Shankar, 1 run he's struggling with his release today. Another full-toss, about three-fourths of a stump high. Punched to long-off;
19.3;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run nicely flighted, pitching on off and spinning away. Good stride from Kohli as always, drives with a straight bat to sweeper cover;
19.2;1;Zampa to Shankar, 1 run another full-toss, on off stump. Now he shows the full face and punches firmly to long-on;
19.1;2;Zampa to Shankar, 2 runs full-toss on middle stump, clipped far enough to the right of long-on to pick up a comfortable two;
18.6;1;Lyon to Shankar, 1 run flatter now, length ball on off stump, nice use of the wrists to clip that to the left of short fine leg;
18.5;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run tossed up on off stump, whipped to deep square leg;
18.4;1;Lyon to Shankar, 1 run tossed up on leg stump, takes a step out of his crease and drives to long-on;
18.3;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run the line is now more middle-stumpish and Kohli can bring his wrists into play to flick to the right of midwicket;
18.2;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run lovely flight on an off-stump line. Kohli stretches out but can't get close enough to the pitch of it to drive. Only manages a defensive push to extra-cover;
18.1;1;Lyon to Shankar, 1 run flighted ball on middle and leg, gets on the front foot and clips to the right of long-on;
17.6;4;Zampa to Kohli, FOUR runs overpitched now, and lots of width. Kohli drives and easily beats the sweeper on the cover point boundary, finds the gap to his right;
17.5;4;Zampa to Kohli, FOUR runs drags it filthily short on this occasion - was he trying to bowl the flipper? It just seemed to stick in his hand too long. Kohli opens up and puts it away to the square leg boundary;
17.4;?;Zampa to Kohli, no run flat length ball - on the fuller side again - on middle and off, skids on with the angle. Defended back to the bowler;
17.3;?;Zampa to Kohli, no run very full on off stump, making sure he denies the batsman any elevation. Driven firmly back to the bowler;
17.2;1;Zampa to Shankar, 1 run full on middle stump, driven to long-on;
17.1;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run tossed up outside off, big stride out to drive to sweeper cover;
16.6;W;Lyon to Rayudu, OUT He's given LBW! Rayudu reviews. It was shorter, pitching close to leg, he went back and wiped across the line with an open face as it came off the surface slowly, trying to strangely slice it into the off side. He missed it and was hit on the back pad. Did it pitch in line? No bat involved. Ball tracking says pitching in line, hitting middle! Plumb. India lose Rayudu and the review!;Ambati Rayudu lbw b Lyon 18 (32b 2x4 0x6) SR: 56.25;
16.5;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run the 'other one', Lyon calls it 'Jeff", like a carrom ball, he's back and punching to long on;
16.4;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run flatter and fuller length, he's back and forced to defend;
16.3;4;Lyon to Kohli, FOUR runs flatter and quicker wide of off, he sits back and plays a delightful late dab, opening the face running it fine for four! Brilliant. He wants to put Lyon under pressure;
16.2;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run looped up outside off, he reaches out and whips with the turn to midwicket;
16.1;2lb;Lyon to Kohli, 2 leg byes shorter drifting into the pads, he tries to pull, it comes off pad and runs fine for a couple of leg byes;
15.6;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run full outside off, he drives nicely, inside out to deep cover-point;
15.5;?;Zampa to Kohli, no run good length leg break, he sits back and dabs it to backward point, he looks for one but it's not on and Rayudu sends him back;
15.4;1lb;Zampa to Rayudu, 1 leg bye fuller, drifting down leg, it just brushes the pad and rolls fine for a leg bye;
15.3;4;Zampa to Rayudu, FOUR runs waist high full toss and he latches on smashing over midwicket! Just a loose delivery, but he didn't quite middle it to get six. But four nonetheless;
15.2;?;Zampa to Rayudu, no run fuller on off, he mistimes a drive back to the bowler and Zampa dives to his right to stop it;
15.1;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run leg break, tossed up, he steps forward and drives neatly to long off;
14.6;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run shorter length but not that short, just outside off, he's back and pulling, mistiming it to deep square leg;
14.5;1;Maxwell to Rayudu, 1 run shorter and slower, he's back and cracking this firmly to the man at wide long on;
14.4;?;Maxwell to Rayudu, no run shorter length, he's back and working it to forward square;
14.3;?;Maxwell to Rayudu, no run tossed up on leg, he gets a leading edge closing the edge early, but it rolls safely to cover;
14.2;4;Maxwell to Rayudu, FOUR runs full and drifting wide of off, he frees the hands and plays a flowing cover drive through the ring and there's no one defending on the rope at deep point! Good shot. Too wide from Maxwell;
14.1;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run shorter on leg, he's back and punching firmly to wide long on;
13.6;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run quicker and flatter, into the wicket, he's back and mistiming a punch to long on;
13.5;1;Zampa to Rayudu, 1 run leg break looped up outside off, he strides out and drives firmly to deep cover-point;
13.4;?;Zampa to Rayudu, no run tossed up on off, he is forward and smothering the spin;
13.3;?;Zampa to Rayudu, no run shorter length, he's back giving room and punching to cover;
13.2;?;Zampa to Rayudu, no run good length, he is back trying to pull, it skids on, he gets a bottom edge onto pad!;
13.1;?;Zampa to Rayudu, no run quicker leg break, 91kph, he's back and defending infront of the stumps;
12.6;1;Maxwell to Rayudu, 1 run flatter, round arm into middle, he clips this with the minimal turn to deep midwicket;
12.5;2;Maxwell to Rayudu, 2 runs tossed up outside off, he drives nicely past cover, wide of long off for a couple;
12.4;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run looped up on leg, slower, he pushes on the front foot to long on;
12.3;?;Maxwell to Kohli, no run slower on leg, length ball, he clips this straight to forward square;
12.2;?;Maxwell to Kohli, no run tossed up on off, he skips down and defends, well bowled;
12.1;1;Maxwell to Rayudu, 1 run flatter and shorter, he's back and tucking this to the circle at wide mid on and Maxwell sprints after it to ensure they don't look for two;
11.6;2;Cummins to Kohli, 2 runs 140kph, shorter length, he steps out and turns the wrists placing this to the gap at midwicket and immediately calls two, brilliant placement and running;
11.5;1;Cummins to Rayudu, 1 run 123kph, slower ball wide of off, he opens the face and delicately runs this to fine third man for a single;
11.4;?;Cummins to Rayudu, no run 143kph, fuller length, fourth stump, he drives firmly back to the bowler;
11.4;1w;Cummins to Rayudu, 1 wide short bouncer, way too high over the head of Rayudu and called wide;
11.3;?;Cummins to Rayudu, no run 134kph, back of a length wide of off, he punches off the back foot but mistimes it due to the slow surface to point;
11.2;?;Cummins to Rayudu, no run 126kph, slower ball cutter outside off, he pushes on the front foot with an open face to gully;
11.1;?;Cummins to Rayudu, no run 144kph, fuller outside off, he pushes a drive to mid off;
10.6;1;Maxwell to Rayudu, 1 run shorter and slower, he's back and punching this to wide long on;
10.5;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run fuller on leg, he's forward and working this neatly to deep midwicket;
10.4;1;Maxwell to Rayudu, 1 run slower on leg, he's back and working to square leg, Handscomb dives and knocks it down but can't prevent the single;
10.3;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run looped up on leg, he whips this firmly off the front foot to deep midwicket;
10.2;?;Maxwell to Kohli, no run darted into leg, full, he defends;
10.1;?;Maxwell to Kohli, no run;
9.6;?;Cummins to Rayudu, no run he charges down the track to a 135kph, length ball and tries to hit it out of Nagpur and gets a thick inside edge onto pad;
9.5;?;Cummins to Rayudu, no run 143kph, back of a length, he's caught on the crease, he gets a thick inside edge onto pad;
9.4;?;Cummins to Rayudu, no run beaten pushing away from his body at a 137kph, good length ball wide of off. A touch of extra bounce;
9.3;?;Cummins to Rayudu, no run 140kph, good length, top of off, he is squared up and defending back to the bowler;
9.2;?;Cummins to Rayudu, no run back of a length, fifth stump line, he is squared up on the crease defending into the off side;
9.1;?;Cummins to Rayudu, no run good length fifth stump line, he defends on the front foot;
8.6;1;Maxwell to Rayudu, 1 run tossed up, he reaches out and pushes this slowly to wide mid off and goes with the stroke pinching a single;
8.5;?;Maxwell to Rayudu, no run shorter and flatter wide of off, he's back and cutting towards point but it's well fielded;
8.4;?;Maxwell to Rayudu, no run 91kph, flatter, drifting across, he's forward and defending;
8.3;W;Maxwell to S Dhawan, OUT huge LBW appeal, given not out. The Australians think this is plumb. They review. Dhawan went back to a shorter ball but it slid on quickly off the pitch, he tried to pull and played straight over it. He was hit flush on the pad infront of leg. Ball tracking has it crashing into leg! He's OUT! That wasn't there to pull, not short enough and the low skid did him. Great review. Well bowled by Maxwell.;Shikhar Dhawan lbw b Maxwell 21 (29b 4x4 0x6) SR: 72.41;
8.2;?;Maxwell to S Dhawan, no run round arm, flatter, sliding on, he's back and punching to cover-point;
8.1;?;Maxwell to S Dhawan, no run full outside off, he drives firmly straight to cover;
7.6;1;Zampa to S Dhawan, 1 run tossed up outside leg, he watchfully tucks this around the corner to the man in the deep behind square;
7.5;?;Zampa to S Dhawan, no run looped up on leg, he whips this firmly but straight to midwicket;
7.4;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run drifting to leg stump, he's back and clipping this neatly to deep midwicket;
7.3;1;Zampa to S Dhawan, 1 run shorter length, he's back and punching with the turn to deep midwicket;
7.2;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run full toss, he just pushes a drive to long off;
7.1;2;Zampa to Kohli, 2 runs short drag down and he's back and pulling with control straight of deep midwicket and they get an easy two;
6.6;?;Maxwell to S Dhawan, no run sliding on with the arm into the pad, but it's going down leg and they bail out of the appeal;
6.5;?;Maxwell to S Dhawan, no run fuller on off, he's forward and defending;
6.4;?;Maxwell to S Dhawan, no run round arm, sliding in towards off, he's back and defending, Maxwell appealed for pad first but it looked all bat;
6.3;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run flatter into leg stump, he is back and working to square leg, some slight hesitation but an easy one;
6.2;1;Maxwell to S Dhawan, 1 run darted into off, not much turn, he's back and tapping this to the gap at point with the sweeper back in the deep;
6.1;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run it's down leg, he is back and tucking to short fine leg for a single;
5.6;?;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, no run good length, fourth stump line, he is forced to defend;
5.5;?;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, no run good length, fourth stump line, he defends on the front foot;
5.4;4;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, FOUR runs flicked fine of fine leg! Bad ball this. Drifting down leg, fine leg is wide, he just helped it on it's way flicking it fine and it raced away.;
5.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run pushes a drive away from his body, slicing in the air well wide of gully to third man;
5.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, no run fuller length, fifth stump line, he pushes with the full face to mid off;
5.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, no run good length, fifth stump line, he defends on the front foot to point;
4.6;?;Cummins to S Dhawan, no run good length, angled across him and he's happy to let this go through to the keeper;
4.5;4;Cummins to S Dhawan, FOUR runs Superb back foot square drive! It was only fractionally short and wide, he got up on the toes, played with the vertical bat and placed it through backward point with outstanding timing.;
4.4;?;Cummins to S Dhawan, no run very full outside off, he drives but gets it off the toe of the bat and it rolls slowly to cover;
4.3;4;Cummins to S Dhawan, FOUR runs Cracking pull shot over square midwicket! It was banged in and he picked the length in a flash and smashed it flat through square midwicket! Shikhar is so quick on those.;
4.2;?;Cummins to S Dhawan, no run full length, he leans forward and pushes nicely but straight to cover;
4.1;?;Cummins to S Dhawan, no run good length, fourth stump line, he defends on the front foot;
3.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, no run full length, he just checks this stroke, turning the bottom hand to angle it to mid on;
3.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, no run good length, fifth stump line, he's forward and defending with the head over the ball;
3.4;4;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, FOUR runs too straight and clipped through midwicket! Again he over pitched, angled in to off, he just uses the bottom hand to turn this through the gaping gap at midwicket and he timed it to perfection.;
3.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, no run full length again, he pushes forward and caresses it towards mid off, doesn't time this anywhere near as well;
3.2;4;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, FOUR runs glorious straight drive down the ground! Coulter-Nile over pitches, he just leans forward and punches this back past the stumps, straight of mid on. Supreme from King Kohli;
3.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, no run 138kph, full and wide of off, hint of shapes, he gets a lovely stride in and drives in textbook fashion but straight to cover;
2.6;?;Cummins to S Dhawan, no run back of a length, 139kph, he's up on his toes playing a back foot square drive but mistiming it to point;
2.5;?;Cummins to S Dhawan, no run shorter effort ball, he's jumping back and across to knock this down cautiously;
2.4;?;Cummins to S Dhawan, no run 140kph, good length, off stump, he defends with the full face pushing to cover;
2.3;?;Cummins to S Dhawan, no run 137kph, good length, it just holds in the surface a touch, he checks his drive pushing it back to the bowler;
2.2;1;Cummins to Kohli, 1 run 141kph, he slices a drive off the outside half of the bat in the air for a short way but well wide of gully down to the wide third man;
2.1;?;Cummins to Kohli, no run short and wide, seaming further away, Kohli isn't tempted to cut this, he watches it go by;
1.6;2;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, 2 runs 140kph, full and shaping into the pads again and he eases this through the gap at wide mid on, nicely timed, didn't over hit it to pick up a couple;
1.5;?;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, no run 138kph, off cutter, good length, he plays from the crease pushing this towards point;
1.4;?;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, no run good length, angled across the left-hander and he raises the bat to let it go;
1.3;?;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, no run 140kph, good length, top of off, he defends with a dead bat on the front foot;
1.2;?;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, no run 140kph, full angled across him, he frees the arms and smokes a drive straight to the man at cover;
1.1;4;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, FOUR runs 139kph, half-volley on leg stump and he pings this away off his pads with ease! Lovely stroke. Right in Dhawan's zone. He loves these;
1.1;1w;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, 1 wide full and swinging well down the leg side and rightly called wide;
0.6;W;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, OUT caught at third man! He fell for the trap! It was short and wide, he freed the hands to slap a cut shot up and over backward point, there was extra bounce, he got a top edge that flew all the way to third man and Zampa took the catch well, infront off his chest. What a start for Australia.;Rohit Sharma c Zampa b Cummins 0 (6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
0.5;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run 137kph, good length, fifth stump line, he defends from the crease on the front foot to point;
0.4;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run 138kph, back of a length, off stump line, he stands tall and defends on the back foot;
0.3;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run play and miss. 144kph, good length outswinger, tempting him to drive and it just shapes past the edge with late swing.;
0.2;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run 140kph, full and much wider of off, not a big stride forward he just eases a square drive to point;
0.1;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run 147kph, full on off, hint of away swing, he drives with a push towards cover;

Pat Cummins has the new ball. Rohit Sharma on strike. One slip and one gully in.
A good time to open your Cricinfo homepage and hit refresh. Our pre-match show is LIVE, with Deep Dasgupta and Brad Hodge offering their expert opinions.
1.25pm Thanks Karthik.
Achyut Timalsin: "I think australia are improving day by day they are close to indian team with increasing experience playing with team like india. They might not be favorite now but in worldcup they may compete. "
Shah Safeer: "@Aqeel I think David Warner had a good BPL, if I'm not wrong. Now I would go a step further against your opinion, they're the sort of players who come and start scoring runs straightaway. Don't forget Smith belongs to the Fab Four and Warner is always there in that debate "
Before we get underway here in Nagpur: From I-League champions Minerva Punjab FC to Pro Kabaddi League winners Bengaluru Bulls, India's best teams feature in ESPN India's nominations for the Team of the Year. Who is your pick to win the big one?
1.20pm Here are Shaun Marsh's ODI numbers since the start of 2018: ten innings, four hundreds, an average of 64.00, a strike rate of 97.70. Australia will be delighted to have him back. And on that note, I'll hand over to Alex Malcolm, who'll take you through the opening exchanges of the match.
Aqeel: "People talk about Smith and Warner as if they have been scoring bucket loads of runs. They've not made any impact in any T20 league they've been part of... Including the one in Canada. They haven't played any quality grade cricket. So it's not as if they'll be walking in and scoring"
Hemanth: "The best option Australia has now is to send Maxwell in opening position and throw a surprise to the Indian spinners.Finch should bring himself down the order"
1.00pm Toss time! Kohli tosses, Finch calls heads, and it's heads. Australia will bowl first. Finch expects turn, and Australia have picked two spinners. Shaun Marsh and Nathan Lyon are in, Ashton Turner and Jason Behrendorff are out.
Virat Kohli says he would have batted first, and it would have been a "no-brainer". We expect this pitch to deteriorate, you can imagine what will happen with the spikes on it." Interesting decision from Finch, then. India are unchanged.
Elvin: "When Smith and Warner comes back in playing 11 whom should they replace?I feel Khawaja and Handscomb."
Hemant Noval: "If Bhuvi was playing then India might have played three spinners, right now they seem too concerned about their lower order."
Jamie: "ARGHHH!!! Aaron, our batting is already frail and terrible at playing spin, why did you want to make it even harder for us to score runs!!!!"
Ojas: "There is no Turner on turning pitch. Such a shame."
Ameerulla: "I think it's a good decision from Finch looking at the longer picture. This is after all a preparation for World Cup so they need to test their limits batting on second innings on a deteriorating pitch."
12.55pm Lots of cracks on the surface, and Sunil Gavaskar suggests batting won't be easy, and the spinners will get increasing purchase as the match goes on. A bat-first pitch, then.
Hemanth: "I think Virat Kohli underrates himself as a bowler. He could be easily used for 3-4 overs. Especially in seaming English condition " -- I think under old (ancient, now) ODI regulations, with five allowed outside the circle right through the middle and end overs, he would have bowled a lot more.
Amedhya : "Isn't Jadhav a good part timer as JP Duminy?" -- Ah, no, you misunderstand. I was considering Jadhav one of the five main bowling options, if Vijay Shankar doesn't play.
12.45pm In positive news for Australia fans, Shaun Marsh is expected to return to the line-up, having taken full part in training yesterday. He arrived late for the tour, having stayed back home to be present at the birth of his second child; he's also been nursing some hamstring issues.
Siva: "Don't understand the fixation with the "English" style of cricket.. India have proven that they can be successful retaining their style of play.. On the other hand, England have had their fair share of collapses due to their "style".. Also, Pant is not in the same league as Stokes/Butler temperamentally and is not the solution.. "
Pinaki: "Best option to include Rahul is, Kohli at 4. Best option to include Pant is, exclude Vijay." -- Leaving out Vijay would mean just five bowling options. How India would have loved it if one of their main batsmen was a part-timer as good as, say, JP Duminy.
12.40pm The last time Adam Zampa played ODIs in India, he took quite a hammering from India's batsmen, notably Hardik Pandya. Now he's back as a cannier operator, and has kept India's batsmen quiet while also picking up the prize wicket of Virat Kohli on multiple occasions. What's changed? Deivarayan Muthu has the answers.
Adarsh: "Large boundaries and spin friendly pitch. Though winning this series is very important, I firmly believe India should prepare batting friendly tracks to prepare themselves to chase and post big targets on batting friendly England pitches. India have got excellent spinners and the batsmen to tackle a bowling friendly pitches but they have not proved that they are comfortable on flat tracks for a long time. They lost a series to England last year when the run scoring was high."
Ruchir: "Bit concerned about low scoring rate at middle overs, unlike England. Pant should get a game so does Vijay Shankar should get batting"
Ganesh: "Don't think India will go big from ball 1 here considering both Dhawan and Rohit are not in best of forms. One change I would like to see is Vijay Shankar playing at no.4 don't think its fair of the team management to expect him to be the exact replica of Hardik."
Kunal Shah: "India has experimented enough with the batting order. What they need to do is experiment going big from beginning to the end. The players have to be comfortable going hard from the start." -- I think the inclusion of Jadeja at No. 8 gives them a certain amount of leeway to do that, if they bat first.
Django : "Kohli will score a double century today! You heard it first here! (This is my 64th attempt at getting a comment published. *sigh*)"
12.30pm After a rather unexpected 2-0 reverse in the T20Is, India got back in their groove in the first ODI in Hyderabad, doing all the things they do best in ODI cricket, constricting Australia's batting before chasing down a modest target via half-centuries from Kedar Jadhav and MS Dhoni. The scene shifts to Nagpur now, with its large boundaries and traditionally spin-friendly pitch. Both those factors favour India's game; can Australia find a way to hit back? Hello and welcome to our live, ball-by-ball coverage of the second ODI.
 Innings Start
9.45pm And that is that. India take a 2-0 lead in the series. Next up is Ranchi on Friday. Do join us for that, and keep sending in your comments. Until then, good night!
Virat Kohli is the man of the match: "When I walk in to bat, when the situation gets difficult, I have no choice but to put my head down and bat through the innings. Exhausted right now. I'm more proud of our second innings than our first. Vijay Shankar batted outstandingly, but he was unfortunately run out and we lost Kedar and MS in quick succession. I was thinking of using Vijay in the 46th over, but I spoke to Rohit and MS, and they said, let's stick with Shami and Bumrah, and if they get some wickets we're on top, and that's exactly what happened. Vijay kept it stump-to-stump, kept it simple, and it worked. It's always nice to speak to Rohit, he's the vice captain, MS has been around for so long, and you go and speak to the bowler as well. Invariably they're all on the same page. Bumrah is a champion, two wickets in an over, just turned the game, happy to have him in our team. Just coming through these kinds of games gives us confident. It's important to look ugly at times, and come through and win. We might get these low-scoring games in the World Cup as well. This kind of a pitch was tailormade for Kedar Jadhav, he was actually keen to bowl the last over as well. It felt good [to get to 40 ODI hundreds]. It's just a number, but it feels good to win games for India."
Aaron Finch: "It was one of those games where you take it as deep as you can and hope you can get over the line. Marcus Stoinis played a brilliant innings. The game ebbed and flowed the whole day. We had momentum, gave it back to them, and in the end they got over the line. If Stoin takes a risk early on and gets out, we have no chance at all, so his approach was right. Was okay to get a start today, but starts don't win games. We got 30s and 40s, they got a hundred, and that was the difference. Virat was the difference in the game. If one of our top order got 80-100, we would have probably won the game."
Piyush: "Bumrah 2/10 in his last 6 overs.. How many times has he done this?!! Amazing Amazing bowling... "
Vishal: "MOM should be shared in between 2 players (Kohli and Bumraah, if not among 3 (VK, Bumraah and Vijay Shankar)."
Saurabh: "This was India's 500th ODI win! Congratulations team India."
Parth Taco: "Jadeja's rocket run out of Handscomb the turning point of this game!"
SSK: "Coulter-Nile wicket was the turning point. All he needed to do was stay with Stoinis a little longer at that point. None of that madness was needed."
"I was ready to bowl that over. Only if I do it will people know I can," Vijay Shankar says. "It was just about being mentally clear, not be crowded mentally. Wanted to hit the hard lengths because it was reversing a bit, and I told myself to bowl at the stumps. I think when you play for the country you have to be ready to do whatever the team needs. I keep telling myself to work on all aspects of the game, and when the opportunity comes, be ready to grab it. I thought I was timing the ball well, rotating the strike in the middle overs. I was confident of doing that and it was a good partnership."
Durlav Dhadumia: "What a great match this was! ODIs have become interesting again because of these low scoring pitches unlike the ones where teams score 350+ and bowlers are there only to be hit all around the park. "
9.28pm I may have mentioned this before, but what a match. T20 offers up a lot of tight finishes, but ODIs still give you room for these slow-burning thrills. It could have gone either way, and Virat Kohli could have gone either way - the low-slung offspin of Kedar Jadhav or the inexperience of Vijay Shankar. He went with the latter option, and on this occasion it's come off brilliantly. It seems a long time ago that those two - Kohli and Vijay Shankar - were putting on a smooth, smooth partnership that seemed set to take India to a much bigger total than they eventually managed.
At various points, Australia looked to be controlling the chase, but India kept picking up wickets at vital junctures: three for Kuldeep, those two for Bumrah in the same over.
49.3;W;Shankar to Zampa, OUT in the blockhole, and it's all over! He played a lovely innings at No. 5, and now he's bowled a great over under pressure. Full, straight, aiming at middle stump, and Zampa, making room to try and carve it away through point, fails to connect;Adam Zampa b Shankar 2 (2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
49.2;2;Shankar to Zampa, 2 runs length ball on off stump, makes room and jabs into the point region. Backward point dives right and gets a hand to it, but it rolls away from him and they can run a second;
49.1;W;Shankar to Stoinis, OUT big appeal, and it's given! Immediate review too. Nowhere near short enough to pull, and not full enough to loft over mid-on, and he's caught between the two. It's angling in towards leg stump. Misses, and it hits him on the back leg. Looked out on first viewing, and it still looks out now. Let's see what ball-tracking has to say. No bat on it. Umpire's call on leg stump, and Stoinis has to walk back dejected. An excellent innings, he's kept Australia in it right up to now. And they still just need one big hit, even if it's Nos. 10 and 11 at the crease;Marcus Stoinis lbw b Shankar 52 (65b 4x4 1x6) SR: 80;
48.6;4;Shami to Lyon, FOUR runs full-toss, angling marginally down leg, and Lyon swings at it and gets a critical bit of bat on it. Fine leg was back, but he was too square, and this absolutely flies over the turf and gives him no chance;
48.5;1;Shami to Stoinis, 1 run sees Stoinis looking to manufacture room and bowls a back-of-a-length ball angling into leg stump and cramping him for room. Swiped down to long-on, not much power on it;
48.4;1;Shami to Lyon, 1 run short outside off, makes a bit of room and slaps to deep point;
48.3;1;Shami to Stoinis, 1 run length ball on off stump, shuffles across again to clip through square leg. Takes the single now, leaves Lyon three balls to keep out.;
48.2;2;Shami to Stoinis, 2 runs back of a length, angling into middle and leg. Steps across this time, whips it in the air, juuust out of reach of Kuldeep diving to his left and backwards at square leg, brings up his fifty;
48.1;?;Shami to Stoinis, no run back of a length, angling into middle stump. Looks to make room to hit through the off side, can't find it. Punches it back to the bowler;
47.6;1;Bumrah to Stoinis, 1 run back of a length, angling into off stump. The one ball you might presume Bumrah might bowl. Stoinis shuffles across and nudges it away into the backward square leg region to retain strike. Once we know which way the result goes, this over could assume a lot of meaning in hindsight.;
47.5;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run well, there's little he can do about this. The Bumrah special, angling into the corridor, pitching on a good length, straightening away, beating the outside edge as Stoinis presses forward, looking for a push into the off side;
47.4;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run back of a length on off stump, blocked solidly into the off side;
47.3;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run in the blockhole, angling in towards off stump. Opens his bat face and squeezes it out to backward point;
47.2;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run back of a length close to off stump, defended to extra-cover. Stoinis is doing the Dhoni thing here, rightly. The asking rate isn't all that steep even now;
47.1;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run length ball angling in towards off stump, gets a nice stride in and defends it back down the pitch, solidly. Bumrah lets it run, willing Stoinis to take the single as mid-off ambles towards the ball. No way is Stoinis taking that single;
46.6;?;Shami to Lyon, no run in the blockhole on middle stump, some late swing in as well - he's been getting the old ball to do that right through - and Lyon juuust gets his bat down in time to flick to long leg. Stoinis refuses the single, he wants the strike;
46.5;1;Shami to Stoinis, 1 run back of a length, a little wider, chopped down to third man;
46.4;4;Shami to Stoinis, FOUR runs back of a length, and that's a super shot. Fifth-stump line, so not a particularly bad ball, but he waits, and uses his wrists brilliantly to open his bat face slightly and carve it to the left of the diving backward point fielder;
46.3;?;Shami to Stoinis, no run back of a length, nips back into off stump to cramp Stoinis for room. He simply blocks it back to the bowler;
46.2;1;Shami to Lyon, 1 run back of a length close to off stump, stabbed to Jadhav at backward point. No run was available, and they weren't going for one, but Jadhav throws to the batsman's end anyway. Would have been okay if the midwicket fielder had backed up properly, but Rayudu fumbles and Stoinis gets back on strike;
46.1;1;Shami to Stoinis, 1 run full on off stump, clipped away to deep midwicket;
45.6;?;Bumrah to Lyon, no run ooh, again he gets it to straighten, this time from a fuller length and an off-stump line. Lyon is half-forward, and again he pushes inside the line, but gets a vital thick edge that sends the ball rolling down to third man;
45.5;?;Bumrah to Lyon, no run back of a length, and again he angles it into the corridor and gets it to jag away off the seam. Lyon pushes at it and fails to put bat on ball;
45.4;W;Bumrah to Cummins, OUT lovely delivery, and there's a big appeal for a low catch behind. Dhoni thinks it's out. They're taking this upstairs, and the soft signal is out. Length ball angling into a fourth-stump line, and it straightens off the pitch. Cummins pokes at it, gets a thin edge, and Dhoni, falling forward and to his right, takes this low chance as cleanly as possible. Bumrah is turning it on here;Pat Cummins c ?Dhoni b Bumrah 0 (2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
45.3;?;Bumrah to Cummins, no run full, angling in towards middle and leg. Keeps his pad out of the way and blocks it back to the bowler;
45.2;W;Bumrah to Coulter-Nile, OUT bowled him! Not the best shot from Coulter-Nile. He's been going after everything, and this is particularly risky, making room to try and cut Bumrah. That wicked angle does the rest, and there's no bat involved as the ball sneaks through and knocks back middle stump;Nathan Coulter-Nile b Bumrah 4 (4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
45.1;1;Bumrah to Stoinis, 1 run back of a length close to off stump, opens his bat face to steer towards third man;
44.6;2;Kuldeep to Coulter-Nile, 2 runs flighted ball on off stump, Coulter-Nile goes for the big heave with the turn, and he doesn't connect all too cleanly but lands the ball in the gap between long-on and deep midwicket. Kuldeep ends with figures of 3 for 54.;
44.5;2;Kuldeep to Coulter-Nile, 2 runs short outside off and Coulter-Nile slaps it up in the air, into the gap to the left of long-off;
44.4;?;Kuldeep to Coulter-Nile, no run flighted ball pitching on middle stump and sliding on with the angle. Props forward and defends into the off side;
44.3;W;Kuldeep to Carey, OUT he's conceding runs, but with Kuldeep Yadav a wicket is always round the corner. Wrong'un, floated up wide of off stump. Too full to sweep, and Carey only manages to drag it onto his stumps off the bottom edge;Alex Carey b Kuldeep Yadav 22 (24b 2x4 0x6) SR: 91.66;
44.2;1;Kuldeep to Stoinis, 1 run back of a length, turns in towards the hip, worked away to deep square leg;
44.1;4;Kuldeep to Stoinis, FOUR runs and he starts with a short ball dragged down outside off stump. Stoinis is seeing them very well here, and he cracks it away to the point boundary;
43.6;1;Shami to Stoinis, 1 run low full-toss, tails in towards leg stump. Punched to long-on, shows the full face;
43.5;1;Shami to Carey, 1 run short, sits up outside off, may have been the slower one. Pulled to deep midwicket;
43.4;1;Shami to Stoinis, 1 run back of a length, again gets some late movement, this time towards off stump, to cramp Stoinis. Pokes it into the cover point region to pick up one;
43.3;1;Shami to Carey, 1 run full, angling into middle and off, clipped to long-on;
43.2;1;Shami to Stoinis, 1 run back of a length, and some movement back in off the seam to beat Stoinis' inside edge as he looks to punch through mid-on/midwicket. Hits him on the back leg, and Shami goes up in appeal, but it's probably going over the top of the stumps, and definitely missing leg too;
43.1;1;Shami to Carey, 1 run shortish, cramps him with the angle in towards off stump. Chopped away to third man;
42.6;?;Kuldeep to Stoinis, no run tossed up full just outside off, too full to drive firmly, just about jabs it back to the bowler;
42.5;6;Kuldeep to Stoinis, SIX runs shot! Australia needed a big over, and they're getting it against Kuldeep Yadav. Sees some flight and jumps down the track to launch this high and far, with the turn, over long-on;
42.4;1;Kuldeep to Carey, 1 run short again, the amount of turn he gets forces him to reach for the ball, however, and hit it straighter than he'd strictly like. Slapped to the fielder at sweeper cover;
42.3;4;Kuldeep to Carey, FOUR runs shot! Tossed up on off stump, and it's the stock ball. He clears his front leg and gets down low to slog-sweep it firmly, along the ground and against the turn, to the midwicket boundary;
42.2;?;Kuldeep to Carey, no run again a touch short, this time the cut goes straight to backward point;
42.1;4;Kuldeep to Carey, FOUR runs shortish, spins away from off stump, rocks back and cuts it fiercely, behind square and a long way to the right of Vijay Shankar at sweeper cover. Big effort from the fielder there - a long sprint and a sprawling dive, but he can't quite keep it in;
41.6;1;Bumrah to Carey, 1 run length ball close to off stump, stays back and eases the ball to the right of extra-cover;
41.5;1;Bumrah to Stoinis, 1 run back of a length, angles this one sharply in towards leg stump. Extra bounce too, and Stoinis, looking to hurriedly jump and flick, is hit on the thigh pad;
41.4;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run back of a length close to off stump, keeps a touch low. Defended into the covers;
41.3;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run length ball outside off, straightens off the seam to beat Stoinis' angled-bat drive. No footwork at all;
41.2;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run full outside off, Stoinis plays a checked drive to short extra-cover;
41.1;1;Bumrah to Carey, 1 run back of a length, angling in towards off stump, uses his wrists to whip it from off stump towards long leg;
40.6;1;Kuldeep to Carey, 1 run looped up on middle and leg, too full for the full-blooded sweep. Manages to drag it to deep backward square leg, off the bottom half of the bat;
40.5;?;Kuldeep to Carey, no run back of a length close to off stump, makes room and cuts it straight to backward point;
40.4;2;Kuldeep to Carey, 2 runs tossed up slower and closer to off stump, swept away to deep square leg;
40.3;?;Kuldeep to Carey, no run wide stock ball, reaches out to stab it into the point region;
40.2;?;Kuldeep to Carey, no run bit of an appeal for lbw as he presses forward to defend this googly, bat and pad close together. Looks like pad first, but they don't review - not sure if it struck him in line;
40.1;?;Kuldeep to Carey, no run tossed up slow, turns from middle to off. Looks to sweep fine, but can only get some glove on it, and it rolls harmlessly for a few yards and stops;
39.6;1;Bumrah to Carey, 1 run short, a bit of width, but deep point is in place and all Carey gets for his nice-looking cut is a single;
39.5;?;Bumrah to Carey, no run back of a length, nipping in towards middle and off and cramping Carey for room. Defended towards short extra-cover;
39.4;1;Bumrah to Stoinis, 1 run ooh, big angle in from Bumrah. Stoinis looks to stay leg-side of the ball and punch into the covers, only manages a thick inside edge into his pads. Rolls away slowly, square on the off side;
39.3;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run back of a length, angling in towards off stump, punched back firmly to the bowler;
39.2;1;Bumrah to Carey, 1 run shortish outside off, nice wristwork at the top of the bounce to play that to the right of backward point, but Jadeja moves so quickly and throws himself at the ball, saves a couple more runs for his team;
39.1;?;Bumrah to Carey, no run length ball angling in towards off stump. Gets half-forward and clips to mid-on;
38.6;2;Jadhav to Stoinis, 2 runs dangled up super slow outside off. Stoinis is in position to reverse-paddle about two days before the ball arrives, and even Dhoni is in place, anticipating as always. Middles it nicely and picks up two well behind backward point;
38.5;1;Jadhav to Carey, 1 run comes in with the arm again, cramps him for room as he goes back and across. Manages to punch it down the ground for a single to long-on;
38.4;?;Jadhav to Carey, no run back of a length close to off stump, goes with the arm. Punched to short extra-cover;
38.3;1;Jadhav to Stoinis, 1 run back of a length outside off, stabbed out to deep point;
38.2;?;Jadhav to Stoinis, no run flat length ball outside off, ends up leaving the batsman off the pitch - just carries on with the angle of drift. Slapped to extra-cover;
38.1;4;Jadhav to Stoinis, FOUR runs flat, shortish, offers up some width, and Stoinis is really playing him well here. Steps back and across and slaps it between cover and extra-cover. Wrong line to bowl without a sweeper back on the fence;
37.6;2;Shami to Carey, 2 runs length ball on middle and leg, and that's timed beautifully, clipped to the right of midwicket. Deep square leg has to run a long way to his right to stop that;
37.6;1w;Shami to Carey, 1 wide back of a length, drifts down leg. Can't connect with the tuck off the hip;
37.5;?;Shami to Carey, no run very full, almost in the blockhole, on middle stump. Gets his front pad out of the way and jabs into the covers;
37.4;1;Shami to Stoinis, 1 run back of a length outside off, slapped to the sweeper at deep point;
37.3;W;Shami to Handscomb, OUT what a glorious bit of fielding this is. Shami shortens his length slightly, gets it to tail back in slightly towards off stump. Handscomb presses half-forward, chops to the right of backward point, and calls his partner through for a quick single. Mistake, because who's the fielder at backward point? Ravindra Jadeja. He swoops onto the ball like lightning and hurls down the stumps at the non-striker's end with a fiercely powerful, flat no-bounce throw. What an incredible fielder he is. Handscomb was really hurrying, but no batsman is quicker than the ball;Peter Handscomb run out (Jadeja) 48 (59b 4x4 0x6) SR: 81.35;
37.2;4;Shami to Handscomb, FOUR runs full on middle stump, and that's a super shot from Handscomb, who's really showing off his 50-overs chops here. A step forward, and then he uses his wrists to flick it up and over midwicket;
37.1;?;Shami to Handscomb, no run length ball, a bit of late swing in towards off stump. Shapes to drive through the off side initially. Checks his shot and it rolls to mid-on off the inside half of the bat;
36.6;4;Jadhav to Stoinis, FOUR runs back of a length on off stump, makes room, and that's driven away brilliantly off the back foot, to the left of extra-cover. Didn't bounce much at all, but he watched it all the way and managed to swing freely through his shot;
36.5;?;Jadhav to Stoinis, no run length ball close to off stump, punched firmly back to the bowler;
36.4;1;Jadhav to Handscomb, 1 run slow flight once again, outside off. Dhoni sees him shape for the reverse-sweep and moves a couple of steps to his right. And that enables him to deflect the ball away into the point region, off his pad. Could have gone really fine, possibly for four, otherwise;
36.3;2;Jadhav to Handscomb, 2 runs tossed up slow on leg stump, lovely use of the hands to reverse-paddle it into the fine third man region;
36.2;?;Jadhav to Handscomb, no run again he's on the back foot, again there's hardly any bounce. Just outside off this time. Makes room too, to cut. Can only jab it into the covers with a straight bat;
36.1;?;Jadhav to Handscomb, no run goes back to a length ball that sneaks through at ankle height on middle stump. Manages to clip it away into the leg side;
35.6;1;Jadeja to Handscomb, 1 run another measured sweep to end the over, single to square leg;
35.5;4;Jadeja to Handscomb, FOUR runs sweep again and this one too is outside off - but the key here is Handscomb doesn't premeditate. He only reacts. He knows the ball is on a length. He knows he can get under it and hammer it away to the square leg boundary;
35.4;?;Jadeja to Handscomb, no run premeditates the sweep and that allows Jadeja to hang the ball outside the off stump, looking to beat the batsman and set up a stumping. No such luck, even though he does beat the batsman;
35.3;1;Jadeja to Stoinis, 1 run steps out to turn a full delivery on the stumps into a full toss and thumps it down to long-on;
35.2;1lb;Jadeja to Handscomb, 1 leg bye goes for the sweep the moment Jadeja's line is on the stumps, wanders off the pad behind square leg;
35.1;?;Jadeja to Handscomb, no run stays back to a good length ball, backing his skills with the cut shot, but even still he only escapes chopping on.;
34.6;?;Jadhav to Stoinis, no run turns it towards square leg, searching for a single, but it's not there. Only the wide off that very quick over;
34.5;?;Jadhav to Stoinis, no run short and wide, but even then, the lack of pace off the pitch means his cut shot only finds cover;
34.5;1w;Jadhav to Stoinis, 1 wide tries to work it away to fine leg but misses making contact;
34.4;?;Jadhav to Stoinis, no run keeps so low and Stoinis is just about able to whip it to midwicket. Jadhav's line - always attacking the stumps - is so dangerous on slow, unevenly bouncing pitch;
34.3;?;Jadhav to Stoinis, no run;
34.2;?;Jadhav to Stoinis, no run good length ball outside off, beats his back-foot push as it curves away in the air;
34.1;?;Jadhav to Stoinis, no run steps out but with Jadhav bowling so slow - and slinging it through so low - Stoinis can only knock it back where it came from;
33.6;?;Jadeja to Handscomb, no run flat length ball sliding on towards off stump, cramps him for room and he blocks to midwicket;
33.5;?;Jadeja to Handscomb, no run flat and full, angling into off stump, clipped to midwicket;
33.4;1;Jadeja to Stoinis, 1 run full on leg stump, moves his feet away from the line to drive to long-off;
33.3;1;Jadeja to Handscomb, 1 run full on off stump, driven to long-on;
33.2;4;Jadeja to Handscomb, FOUR runs flat, angling towards leg stump, and Handscomb sweeps it away firm and hard to the backward square leg boundary;
33.1;1;Jadeja to Stoinis, 1 run flat, angling into the pads, nurdled gently into the square leg region;
32.6;?;Jadhav to Handscomb, no run wider outside off this time, and the ball keeps low to sneak under the attempted sweep;
32.5;?;Jadhav to Handscomb, no run ooh, Dhoni nearly manufactures a wicket out of nowhere! Again it's slow, again the line is leg-stumpish, and again Handscomb looks to paddle. Off the glove, and Dhoni started moving to the leg side as soon as he began shaping for that shot. He's in position, but he's unsighted and has to react with pure instinct, and the ball pops out of his gloves. Excellent anticipation there;
32.4;2;Jadhav to Handscomb, 2 runs tossed up extremely slow, angling down leg. Paddled away nice and fine to pick up a couple;
32.3;?;Jadhav to Handscomb, no run back of a length again, punched to extra-cover;
32.2;?;Jadhav to Handscomb, no run back of a length outside off, hardly any bounce. Makes a bit of room and punches towards extra-cover, where Dhyawan makes a driving stop;
32.1;1;Jadhav to Stoinis, 1 run floated up slow on off stump, driven to long-off;
31.6;1;Jadeja to Stoinis, 1 run back of a length, angling in towards off stump, goes back and flat-bats to long-off;
31.5;?;Jadeja to Stoinis, no run again, stays back to a length ball and punches it to short extra-cover;
31.4;?;Jadeja to Stoinis, no run flat length ball on off stump, stays on the back foot and punches to short extra-cover;
31.3;1;Jadeja to Handscomb, 1 run flat length ball straightening towards off stump. Good use of the bottom hand to shovel this standing sweep towards fine leg;
31.2;3;Jadeja to Stoinis, 3 runs a little slower, this length ball outside off. Turns away after stopping on the track. Stoinis opens his bat face to ease it behind backward point;
31.1;?;Jadeja to Stoinis, no run fired in flat on middle stump, presses forward and blocks into the on side;
30.6;1;Kuldeep to Stoinis, 1 run fuller now, driven to sweeper cover;
30.5;?;Kuldeep to Stoinis, no run and he's immediately in action, Kohli the fielder, throws himself to his left after Stoinis presses forward and finds himself nowhere near the pitch of a big-spinning, bouncing stock ball, bat and pad close together. Pops off the outside of his pad, doesn't look like an inside edge, and Kohli can't quite reach it anyway;
30.4;?;Kuldeep to Stoinis, no run length ball spinning in towards off stump. Presses forward to defend into the on side;
30.3;?;Kuldeep to Stoinis, no run tossed up slow outside off, reaches out again for a tentative push back to the bowler;
30.2;?;Kuldeep to Stoinis, no run fuller now, clipped gently into the on side;
30.1;?;Kuldeep to Stoinis, no run beauty. Tossed up invitingly outside off, Stoinis barely gets a stride in to defend and ends up pushing at the ball, a long way in front of his body. Creates a big gap for the ball to spin through, and only the extra bounce saves him;
29.6;1;Bumrah to Stoinis, 1 run back of a length close to off stump, stays leg-side of the ball and jabs it into the point region;
29.5;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run fullish slower ball outside off, gets half-forward again and defends gently towards short midwicket, lets the ball hit his bat;
29.4;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run length ball on off stump, and Vijay does very well to dive to his left and stop the ball at mid-off. A crisply timed drive, amounts to nothing;
29.3;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run back of a length close to off stump, gets back and across to defend into the off side;
29.2;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run back of a length, angling in towards top of off. Blocked back to the bowler;
29.1;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run back of a length, angling in towards off stump. Gets half forward to defend into the covers;
28.6;1;Kuldeep to Stoinis, 1 run back of a length, wrong'un, turns from leg to off. Stays back and whips to deep square leg;
28.5;1;Kuldeep to Handscomb, 1 run tossed up slow outside off, stretches out to paddle it fine;
28.4;1;Kuldeep to Stoinis, 1 run back of a length, pitching just outside off. Worked with the turn through square leg;
28.3;W;Kuldeep to Maxwell, OUT a string of dots, Maxwell looks to force it, and Kuldeep gets a bit of inconsistent bounce off the surface to get his man. Shortish, maybe not short enough to pull, and he exposes his stumps as he opens up to do so. Keeps really low and sneaks under his bat to crash into middle stump. India have slowly built some pressure over the last few overs, and the wickets have duly followed. Big, big moment.;Glenn Maxwell b Kuldeep Yadav 4 (18b 0x4 0x6) SR: 22.22;
28.2;?;Kuldeep to Maxwell, no run back of a length outside off, punches it away but without too much power, and backward point moves a few steps to his right to stop it;
28.1;?;Kuldeep to Maxwell, no run tossed up outside off, gets a good stride forward to drive but can't beat extra-cover;
27.6;?;Bumrah to Handscomb, no run back of a length, angling into the top of middle stump. Clipped watchfully to midwicket;
27.5;?;Bumrah to Handscomb, no run full, close to off stump, gets on the front foot and drives straight to cover point;
27.4;?;Bumrah to Handscomb, no run back of a length, angling in towards middle stump. Stays leg-side of the ball to try and manufacture a single into the off side, but extra-cover moves quickly to his left to cut it off;
27.3;1;Bumrah to Maxwell, 1 run back of a length, angling in towards off stump. Gets on the back foot to push towards mid-on, who's deep enough to allow a scampered single;
27.2;?;Bumrah to Maxwell, no run well bowled. Length ball straightening slightly after angling in towards off stump. Stays back and gets opened up slightly while punching into the covers;
27.1;?;Bumrah to Maxwell, no run length ball angling into off stump, clipped into the leg side and midwicket dives right to stop it;
26.6;1;Kuldeep to Maxwell, 1 run fuller now, on middle stump, clipped down to long-on;
26.5;?;Kuldeep to Maxwell, no run another wrong'un, and Kuldeep beats Maxwell and causes him to overbalance. MS Dhoni appeals for a stumping... Nah. He lifted his back foot momentarily but he jammed it back down quickly. Lovely delivery, floated this wider than the previous one and Maxwell reached out for it, unsure which way it was turning;
26.4;?;Kuldeep to Maxwell, no run nicely flighted, dips onto a good length on off stump. Maxwell waits, reads the wrong'un off the pitch, and pushes to extra-cover;
26.3;1;Kuldeep to Handscomb, 1 run tossed up on off stump, swept once more to fine leg;
26.2;2;Kuldeep to Handscomb, 2 runs tossed up slower, stretches out to paddle it gently into the fine leg region;
26.1;?;Kuldeep to Handscomb, no run massive turn. Goes back to a length ball, looking to work it with the spin. There's way more turn than he expects, though, pitches on off stump, raises a cloud of dust, and smacks him on the thigh pad;
25.6;?;Jadeja to Maxwell, no run a touch short, goes back to cut but the ball holds up off the surface and he has to adjust, wait, and stab to backward point;
25.5;?;Jadeja to Maxwell, no run ooh, well bowled. Comes forward and looks to drive to long-off. Ball doesn't pitch as full as he thinks, and goes on with the arm. Plays it back to the bowler off the inner half of the bat;
25.4;?;Jadeja to Maxwell, no run fullish on middle and leg, defended back down the pitch;
25.3;1;Jadeja to Handscomb, 1 run a little slower, on off stump, stays back to open his bat face and steer to deep point;
25.2;?;Jadeja to Handscomb, no run stays back again, jabs this out to backward point;
25.1;?;Jadeja to Handscomb, no run flat length ball slides on with the angle, towards leg stump. Handscomb goes back to try and punch square. Cramped for room, he punches straight to extra cover;
24.6;?;Shami to Maxwell, no run shortish now, in the corridor. Maxwell gets on his toes to punch towards cover;
24.5;?;Shami to Maxwell, no run slower yorker, dips down late past Maxwell's attempt at jabbing down on the ball, beats his inside edge, and only just misses off stump.;
24.4;?;Shami to Maxwell, no run back of a length close to off stump, shuffles across and punches firmly back to the bowler;
24.3;?;Shami to Maxwell, no run length ball outside off, Maxwell plays a sliced drive to backward point - I love the way he uses his hands to manipulate where this particular shot goes, but on this occasion he only finds the fielder;
24.2;1;Shami to Handscomb, 1 run fullish outside off, gets forward to ease a drive into the cover point region;
24.2;1w;Shami to Handscomb, 1 wide back of a length offcutter, spins past the front pad and down the leg side as Handscomb sits back to try and flick;
24.1;1;Shami to Maxwell, 1 run back of a length outside off, punched to the right of deep point;
23.6;1;Jadeja to Maxwell, 1 run tossed up full on off stump, driven to long-off;
23.5;W;Jadeja to Marsh, OUT huge appeal, and it's given! Sharp turn once again, from just outside off, and Marsh goes on the back foot to flick. Spins too much for him to middle it, and Dhoni does spectacularly to catch it down the leg side after the ball grazes his inside edge;Shaun Marsh c ?Dhoni b Jadeja 16 (27b 0x4 0x6) SR: 59.25;
23.4;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run fullish outside off, defended into the covers;
23.3;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run full, pitches on off stump and spins past the inside edge of the attempted flick. Not much of an appeal, it looked to be going down leg;
23.2;1;Jadeja to Handscomb, 1 run full on off stump, gets on the front foot to clip to long-on;
23.1;?;Jadeja to Handscomb, no run beauty. Dangled up slow outside off and it dips to make Handscomb reach out in front of his body to defend. Then it rips past his outside edge - massive turn out of nowhere. Dhoni whips off the bails and appeals to the square-leg umpire, but I think his back foot is firmly planted behind the crease. They check with the third umpire, and it is;
22.6;1;Shami to Handscomb, 1 run length ball angling into off stump, stays slightly leg-side of the ball to push to the left of extra-cover;
22.5;1lb;Shami to Marsh, 1 leg bye slower offcutter on the pads, nurdled away into the backward square leg region. No bat on it, umpire Dharmasena suggests - must have just gone off the pad;
22.4;1;Shami to Handscomb, 1 run length ball, fourth-stump line, Handscomb plays a checked drive to deep point;
22.3;?;Shami to Handscomb, no run ooh, good ball. Hits the seam on a good length in the corridor, and gets the ball to bounce a little extra. Beats Handscomb's attempted angled-bat drive;
22.2;?;Shami to Handscomb, no run back of a length on off stump, defended towards mid-on;
22.1;1;Shami to Marsh, 1 run slower one, fairly full on leg stump. Closes his bat face early while looking to flick, and sends a leading edge running away through point. Seemed to grip the surface and turn like an offbreak too;
21.6;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run back of a length outside off, gets nicely behind the line to punch to long-on;
21.5;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run flat length ball just outside off, goes back and across to block it back to the bowler;
21.4;1;Jadeja to Handscomb, 1 run full on off stump, driven to the right of extra-cover, where Kohli makes a diving stop but lets the ball slip out of his grasp;
21.3;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run full, a bit of flight outside off. Clipped with a strong bottom hand to long-on;
21.2;1;Jadeja to Handscomb, 1 run fuller now, on off stump, gets forward to clip to long-on;
21.1;?;Jadeja to Handscomb, no run flat, angling into off stump, goes back and defends into the covers;
20.6;1;Shami to Handscomb, 1 run length ball, fourth-stump line, lets it come on and steers to third man;
20.5;4;Shami to Handscomb, FOUR runs in the blockhole on off stump, looks like there's a bit of late tail in as well. Handscomb just shows it the full face and punches firmly past the right hand of Shami, tumbling in his follow-through to try and stop it;
20.4;1;Shami to Marsh, 1 run fullish, slanting across to off stump and then it holds up on the pitch a little as Marsh comes forward to drive. Looks like the offcutter. Waits and eases it with an open face to deep point;
20.3;1;Shami to Handscomb, 1 run shortish outside off, punched to deep point;
20.2;?;Shami to Handscomb, no run fuller now, driven towards mid-off and short extra-cover sprints to his right to intercept. Replays suggest it was the knuckle-ball;
20.1;?;Shami to Handscomb, no run back of a length close to off stump, stabbed to backward point;
19.6;1;Jadhav to Handscomb, 1 run dangled up slow, gets a tiny bit of drift away from off stump. Handscomb presses forward, lets the ball drop, and drives to long-off;
19.5;1;Jadhav to Marsh, 1 run tossed up slow just outside off, lets it come on and dabs to the left of Kuldeep at backward point;
19.4;?;Jadhav to Marsh, no run tossed up fairly wide of off, driven firmly but can't beat the man at extra-cover;
19.3;1;Jadhav to Handscomb, 1 run full on middle stump, driven to long-on;
19.2;1;Jadhav to Marsh, 1 run round-arm and fairly full outside off, pushed gently to deep point with an open face;
19.1;1;Jadhav to Handscomb, 1 run on the pads, clipped off the front foot through backward square leg;
18.6;1;Kuldeep to Handscomb, 1 run tossed up wide of off stump, drags a bottom-handed swipe out to long-on for one;
18.5;1;Kuldeep to Marsh, 1 run short, a bit of width, slapped to the sweeper at deep cover point;
18.4;?;Kuldeep to Marsh, no run quicker, stays back to a length ball and punches to short extra-cover;
18.3;1;Kuldeep to Handscomb, 1 run down the track now, clips this middle-stump ball with the turn to the right of midwicket;
18.2;?;Kuldeep to Handscomb, no run flatter, stays back to try and cut, maybe. Has to adjust since this turns in sharply towards leg stump and cramps him for room. Punches into the covers instead;
18.1;1;Kuldeep to Marsh, 1 run tossed up slow just outside off. Marsh props forward and realises he's not really close to the pitch of it. Adjusts nicely with his hands to push into the cover point region;
17.6;2;Jadhav to Handscomb, 2 runs slower and drifting away wide of off, he sits back and waits for an eternity to cut it fine past backward point for a couple;
17.5;1;Jadhav to Marsh, 1 run shorter on leg, he's back and forcing down to long on;
17.4;1;Jadhav to Handscomb, 1 run round arm, almost underground, he's back and punching it in the air flat towards long off but it lands well inside the circle and safely;
17.3;?;Jadhav to Handscomb, no run very round arm, he clips it with the spin from middle stump but can't beat the man at midwicket;
17.2;1;Jadhav to Marsh, 1 run shorter length, he's back and punching firmly down to long on;
17.1;?;Jadhav to Marsh, no run drifting in to off stump, he steps forward and defends;
16.6;1;Kuldeep to Marsh, 1 run shorter on leg stump, he's back and whipping this through square leg to the sweeper in the deep;
16.5;1;Kuldeep to Handscomb, 1 run shorter length, he's back and giving room, he's hurried but able to force it down to long off;
16.4;1;Kuldeep to Marsh, 1 run shorter length, he's back and punching square to deep point;
16.3;2;Kuldeep to Marsh, 2 runs an edge as it spins a touch but he has soft hands and it runs past slip along the ground, they get two;
16.2;?;Kuldeep to Marsh, no run tossed up on middle and leg, spinning away, he's half forward and defending;
16.1;1;Kuldeep to Handscomb, 1 run full toss, it drops on him, he reaches out and chips it towards long on, very safely and in control;
15.6;?;Jadhav to Marsh, no run round arm, slung into off stump, he's forward and defending;
15.5;2;Jadhav to Marsh, 2 runs darted in outside off, he gets forward and opens the blade to run it through backward point, using the pace and placing it nicely in the gap for two;
15.4;1;Jadhav to Handscomb, 1 run tossed very high outside off, he waits and drives nicely to long off;
15.3;W;Jadhav to Khawaja, OUT caught at cover off the leading edge! What a mistake! This was looped up on off, Khawaja lazily gets forward and closes the bat face early trying to work against the minimal spin, gets a thick leading edge that flies in the air all the way to cover and Kohli takes the simple catch!;Usman Khawaja c Kohli b Jadhav 38 (37b 6x4 0x6) SR: 102.7;
15.2;?;Jadhav to Khawaja, no run round arm, shorter, outside off, he tries to late cut and chops it down;
15.1;?;Jadhav to Khawaja, no run tossed up, he drives to cover;
14.6;?;Kuldeep to Marsh, no run short and wide, he's back and mistiming a cut shot to cover;
14.5;?;Kuldeep to Marsh, no run tossed up on middle, he gets forward and defends on the front foot;
14.4;?;Kuldeep to Marsh, no run looped up outside off, he steps out and defends smothering the spin;
14.3;W;Kuldeep to Finch, OUT LBW! He's out sweeping! Finch asks Khawaja about a review but decides against. It was tossed up on off, he gets down on one knee to sweep square, misses, gets hit on the front pad in front of off stump as it's spinning back down the line and the umpire's finger goes up!;Aaron Finch lbw b Kuldeep Yadav 37 (53b 5x4 1x6) SR: 69.81;
14.2;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run slightly shorter and wider, he gets back and chops a cut into the gap, there's an appeal for LBW as it hit the back pad first but it was miles outside the line;
14.1;?;Kuldeep to Khawaja, no run tossed up very full and he defends on the front foot smothering the spin;
13.6;?;Jadeja to Finch, no run shorter length outside off, he's back and forcing straight to cover;
13.5;?;Jadeja to Finch, no run darted into middle stump, he defends on the front foot;
13.4;1;Jadeja to Khawaja, 1 run full outside off, he works it with the bottom hand to long on;
13.3;1;Jadeja to Finch, 1 run drifting into leg stump, he drives with the full face to long on;
13.2;1;Jadeja to Khawaja, 1 run straighter line, he flicks it with the spin off the front foot to deep square;
13.1;1;Jadeja to Finch, 1 run tossed up outside off, he drives easily inside out to deep cover-point;
12.6;1;Jadhav to Finch, 1 run round arm but fuller, he drives firmly to long off;
12.5;?;Jadhav to Finch, no run shorter and wider, he's back and punching hard but can't beat cover;
12.4;?;Jadhav to Finch, no run low side arm outside off, he's back and punching to cover;
12.3;?;Jadhav to Finch, no run tossed up outside leg, he turns this straight to square leg again;
12.2;?;Jadhav to Finch, no run another low arm ball, he's back and tucking it square on the leg side;
12.1;?;Jadhav to Finch, no run low side arm, straight on, pitching on middle, he defends on the front foot;
11.6;1;Kuldeep to Finch, 1 run he goes deep in the crease, playing with the spin tucking it to midwicket;
11.5;?;Kuldeep to Finch, no run dances down but doesn't pick the wrong un until late, he thrusts the pad at it to knock it down;
11.4;?;Kuldeep to Finch, no run LBW appeal but not out. He tried to sweep and got in a tangle but got hit outside the line of off;
11.3;?;Kuldeep to Finch, no run beaten by the wrong un. Did him cold. Well bowled. He played for the stock ball and it spun sharply past the edge;
11.2;?;Kuldeep to Finch, no run looped up outside off, he steps forward and defends;
11.1;6;Kuldeep to Finch, SIX runs slog sweep over midwicket into the crowd! This is Aaron Finch at his best! Into the arc, he's down on one knee and smashing this 83m with the spin over midwicket and way back!;
11.1;1w;Kuldeep to Finch, 1 wide this is down leg and spinning down further and called wide;
10.6;2;Jadeja to Khawaja, 2 runs slightly shorter, he's back and working this from off stump through square leg between the two sweepers in the deep, they call two straight away and get it;
10.6;1w;Jadeja to Khawaja, 1 wide fired quickly down the leg side and called wide;
10.5;?;Jadeja to Khawaja, no run tossed up on off, he tucks it to midwicket;
10.4;4;Jadeja to Khawaja, FOUR runs opens the face and runs it fine of short third man! What a shot. It was tossed up outside off, he pressed forward to defend but angled the blade and ran it fine;
10.3;1;Jadeja to Finch, 1 run looped up outside off, he drives firmly past cover to wide long off;
10.2;?;Jadeja to Finch, no run tossed up outside off, he pushes firmly on the front foot to cover;
10.1;1;Jadeja to Khawaja, 1 run shorter outside off, he's back and forcing this to the gap at point;
9.6;?;Shankar to Finch, no run shorter length, outside off, he stands up and punches back to the bowler;
9.5;4;Shankar to Finch, FOUR runs an educated edge fine of short third man! Good length, fourth stump line, he opened the face to run it fine but got it finer than planned! But the result was what he was after as it raced away;
9.4;?;Shankar to Finch, no run cutter outside off, he chops this towards the wide gully but can't beat the man;
9.3;4;Shankar to Finch, FOUR runs full toss and thumped down the ground! He climbed into this smoking it back past the bowler straight of mid off! He stood and admired that shot;
9.2;1;Shankar to Khawaja, 1 run full and wide of off, he plays a nice square drive out to deep point;
9.1;4;Shankar to Khawaja, FOUR runs short on the hip and he's back and flicking this away with ease behind square and finds the rope! Too easy.;
8.6;?;Jadeja to Finch, no run fuller outside off, he drives to cover but can't beat the man;
8.5;4;Jadeja to Finch, FOUR runs drifting down leg, he glances this fine and it races away! Drifting too far and Finch does well to tickle it fine for four;
8.4;?;Jadeja to Finch, no run darted in full, he presses forward and defends back to the bowler;
8.3;1;Jadeja to Khawaja, 1 run tossed up on leg, he clips this neatly to wide long on for one;
8.2;4;Jadeja to Khawaja, FOUR runs tossed up and he slog sweeps with the spin over square leg! Safe shot. No one back, just picked it up with the turn and deposited it over the leg side.;
8.1;?;Jadeja to Khawaja, no run short drag down wide of off, he's back and cracking a cut straight to the man at point;
7.6;?;Bumrah to Finch, no run 140kph, good length, angled in, he presses forward and defends to cover;
7.5;1;Bumrah to Khawaja, 1 run fuller on middle, he clips this firmly wide of mid on and runs with the stroke but Rayudu makes a good stop on the circle to prevent more runs;
7.4;?;Bumrah to Khawaja, no run big flash and miss driving on the up outside off. It was nowhere near full enough but he swung hard at the width offered and it shaped past the edge;
7.3;?;Bumrah to Khawaja, no run fuller length outside off, he mistimes a drive back to the bowler;
7.2;4;Bumrah to Khawaja, FOUR runs slower ball angled down leg, he flicks this wide of fine leg with supreme timing! He just turned the wrists and it raced away to the rope wide of fine leg. Too straight from Bumrah;
7.1;?;Bumrah to Khawaja, no run half-volley on the pads and he sweetly times this but picks out square leg. A couple of metres either side and it was four;
6.6;?;Jadeja to Finch, no run pushed through flatter and quicker, he's back and defending;
6.5;?;Jadeja to Finch, no run tossed up, on middle, he defends on the front foot;
6.4;?;Jadeja to Finch, no run shorter length, no turn this time, he's back and defending;
6.3;?;Jadeja to Finch, no run beaten by a ripping delivery that spins sharply away! He was back and trying to punch again square but it ragged away;
6.2;?;Jadeja to Finch, no run shorter length, he's punching from the crease to cover-point;
6.1;1;Jadeja to Khawaja, 1 run good length, turning in from outside off, he just gets into line and knocks it with the turn to the gap at square leg;

Ravi Jadeja on in the seventh over. Australia did the same with Maxwell. Slip in
 Innings Start
India
Australia
2nd ODI (D/N), Nagpur, Mar 5 2019, Australia tour of India
250
242
Player of the match is Virat Kohli, INDIA
India won by 8 runs
