Data
The last 6 overs gave away just 38. Australia were looking good for 300 at one stage, but the game is open now. SL will love batting on this pitch. Here's Brydon Coverdale's innings report. Sri Lanka will be making a Hobart record if they chase this down.. Will they? Join us for the reply in a bit.
49.6;2;Kulasekara to Lee, 2 runs Sri Lanka have come back strongly in the end over. Despite a needless overthrow to end the innings. Yorker to Lee, who plays it to the leg side for a single. A direct hit is attempted and missed, and the second run is taken.;
49.5;1;Kulasekara to Hussey, 1 run much better length, DJ hustles it down the ground for just a single.;
49.4;2;Kulasekara to Hussey, 2 runs he's bowling a dangerously high number of full tosses for the last over, and incredibly getting away with them too! Hussey lashes this one to deep square leg, but finds the fielder.;
49.3;2;Kulasekara to Hussey, 2 runs good yorker, DJ is moving about the crease and can only force it down the ground for a couple. A direct hit from the deep can't catch Lee short, and there's nearly an overthrow, but Lee's run too far.;
49.2;1;Kulasekara to Lee, 1 run another full toss, another escape. Lee tries to pulverise it over the covers and gets a thick outside edge to Sanga, who does really well to stop it as he dives to his right.;
49.1;?;Kulasekara to Lee, no run gets away with a shabby full toss on the pads. Lee somehow contrived to get a leading edge on his lash to the leg side and it came right back at Kula.;
48.6;1;Malinga to Lee, 1 run Malinga's done a fine finishing job. Lee drags a single to long on to retain strike for the 50th. Australia won't mind a big finish.;
48.5;2;Malinga to Lee, 2 runs full again outside off, Lee manages to force it into the covers and prance back and forth for two. He also had to dive in at the last moment to make it in. Got to love this guy! What fitness and spirit after such a high-effort, many-injury-laden career.;
48.4;1;Malinga to Hussey, 1 run DJ seems to have lost his mojo in the last 3-4 overs, since big brother got out. Another inswinging yorker, inside edged to short fine leg for a single.;
48.3;1;Malinga to Lee, 1 run lands this one near the toes, Lee looks to heave it square and labours a single away.;
48.2;4;Malinga to Lee, FOUR runs at long last, Malinga has missed a yorker. It ends a low full toss in Lee's hitting zone and he bottom-hands it past wide mid-on for another important four.;
48.1;1;Malinga to Hussey, 1 run Malinga yorker again, DJ chops it off the inner edge past the stumps for a single.;
45.6;W;Herath to Christian, OUT a wicket to end a splendid over under the circumstances. Herath holds the length back sending Christan's rampant charge, and slips the ball past his murderous heave to the leg side. Sanga doesn't grasp the ball cleanly, but holds on to break the furniture.;Dan Christian st ?Sangakkara b Herath 6 (6m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
45.5;?;Herath to Christian, no run drifts in towards leg stump, Christian plays all around it, but manages to keep it out;.;
45.4;2;Herath to Christian, 2 runs works him from middle and leg towards midwicket and charges back for a second run to usher in the 250.;
45.3;?;Herath to Christian, no run hint of turn from a length on middle stump, Christian plays it back to the bowler.;
45.2;2;Herath to Christian, 2 runs Christian laps him away from outside off stump towards fine leg for a couple.;
45.1;1;Herath to Hussey, 1 run back of a length on off stump, DJ takes a risky single.. Chandimal hurls it down at the non-striker's end from point, but misses fractionally.;
44.6;2;Malinga to Christian, 2 runs very low full toss on Christian's toes and he clips efficiently for a couple.. Sri Lanka's fielding is fading away a touch here.;
44.5;W;Malinga to Hussey, OUT Malinga's making his worth apparent. The inch-perfect yorker from hell, full, ram-rod straight and destined to hit the base of the stumps. Michael was looking to play the cheeky dab to third man, but he was messing with the wrong man. Wrong ball in any case. It's through him, and the bails fly off.;Michael Hussey b Malinga 21 (33m 14b 0x4 2x6) SR: 150;
44.4;1;Malinga to Hussey, 1 run DJ gets the single away, forcing a mistimed single through mid-on.;
44.3;?;Malinga to Hussey, no run good yorker outside off, DJ plays it right back to the bowler.;
44.2;2;Malinga to Hussey, 2 runs DJ plays all over a full ball, but the inside edge runs away behind square for a couple.;
44.1;?;Malinga to Hussey, no run DJ makes room even as Malinga sends down a full ball outside off. He pushes into the covers and looks for a quick single, but he played it straight to the fielder.;
47.6;?;Herath to Lee, no run good comeback, fired in full and Lee drags it back to Herath who reacts quickly and fields.;
47.5;6;Herath to Lee, SIX runs Lee's relieved the pressure with a stunning connection. Length from Herath, only just, and Lee gets under it to lever it away brutally over midwicket. That magic man, Mathews, was prowling in the deep, but even his leap couldn't juggle it back in.;
47.4;?;Herath to Lee, no run fired in on a length, Lee can't force it away and plays back to the bowler. Asphixiation!;
47.3;1;Herath to Hussey, 1 run angled into the pads, DJ carefully works it square for a single.;
47.2;1;Herath to Lee, 1 run Lee jumps out, Herath hoodwinks him in the air, but Lee is resourceful enough to steer behind point for one.,;
47.1;?;Herath to Lee, no run back of a length, Lee backs away and looks to hack into the covers. Can't find the gap.;
46.6;1;Malinga to Lee, 1 run pitched up on a full length outside off, Lee bangs it to long-off for a single to retain strike. Three to go.,;
46.5;1;Malinga to Hussey, 1 run another late swinging yorker, DJ steers into the covers for a single. The Malinga overs are a write-off. What can DJ do at the other end?;
46.4;1;Malinga to Lee, 1 run almost another perfect yorker, this time Lee manages to drive to long-on for a single.;
46.3;?;Malinga to Lee, no run superb from Malinga. Invaluable skill this! Lee tamely plays a searing yorker right back to the bowler.;
46.2;1;Malinga to Hussey, 1 run DJ can only jam a single away, one bounce and past mid-off.. Brett Lee will face.;
46.1;?;Malinga to Hussey, no run perfect yorker from Malinga, DJ can't time the flick past the man at midwicket..;
43.6;?;Kulasekara to Hussey, no run Kula gets a dot ball through at long last, back of a length and cutting away from Mike.;
43.5;2;Kulasekara to Hussey, 2 runs wheels are a-coming off. Misfield in the covers gives Michael too as he jams a full ball away. The understanding between these two is something else.;
43.4;6;Kulasekara to Hussey, SIX runs what's worse than Hussey going bonkers at one end? Hussey going bonkers at both. Kula sends down a listless full toss, which ends up in Michael's slot as he moves across and lines up a lap. He ends up timing it so well, it flies out of the park. Stunning timing.;
43.3;1;Kulasekara to Hussey, 1 run another single for David, who bunts a full length ball to long-on.;
43.2;2;Kulasekara to Hussey, 2 runs pitched well up on the stumps, David works it away through midwicket and Michael runs back without any sort of trouble for what looked like a difficult couple.;
43.1;1;Kulasekara to Hussey, 1 run full length ball outside the off stump, Michael dabs to point for one.;
42.6;4;Angelo Mathews to Hussey, FOUR runs David Hussey is having a good time at Angelo Mathews' expense. Length ball outside off, and he once again times the lofted jab over the covers beautifully. Herath runs across and tries to play footsie instead of going down and stopping cleanly, but the ball rolls over.;
42.5;2;Angelo Mathews to Hussey, 2 runs full ball outside off now, David eases it into the covers without fuss for two more.;
42.4;6;Angelo Mathews to Hussey, SIX runs murder in Tasmania. Slower ball to David, who waits and waits before blasting it across the line miles over midwicket. The slower ball can be pesky to batsmen who commit themselves early, but David Hussey isn't one of those ...;
42.3;1;Angelo Mathews to Hussey, 1 run back of a length outside off, Michael stays in the crease and forces it down to long-off for one.;
42.2;1;Angelo Mathews to Hussey, 1 run over-pitched wide of off stump, David pushes into the covers for another single.;
42.1;1;Angelo Mathews to Hussey, 1 run slower ball, short outside leg, and Hussey nearly laps it straight to Kula at short fine leg. Would have been a travesty if it had carried, but it dropped just short.;
41.6;?;Kulasekara to Hussey, no run pitched up on off stump, David deflects it into the off side again.;
41.5;2;Kulasekara to Hussey, 2 runs and again, he scuds a full ball through the extra cover area. Thisara does well to move across, but almost lets it go through with a lazy one-handed pick up, but he keeps it down to two eventually.;
41.4;4;Kulasekara to Hussey, FOUR runs another legcutter slower ball, David kills it with a front-foot inside out carve over extra cover.;
41.3;1;Kulasekara to Hussey, 1 run yorker from Kula outside off stump, Mike digs it out beside the stumps and little bro responds for a quick single.;
41.2;1;Kulasekara to Hussey, 1 run full ball, pings the covers for a single.;
41.1;?;Kulasekara to Hussey, no run length ball wide of off stump, David steers it straight to point.;
40.6;1;Angelo Mathews to Hussey, 1 run David plays his trademark walking steer into the covers for a single.;
40.5;?;Angelo Mathews to Hussey, no run 107 kph on a slower ball, David Hussey is early into the work to leg and plays it uppishly but short of catchers.;
40.4;2;Angelo Mathews to Hussey, 2 runs Hussey reaches out to a length ball and nurdles it to the leg side. Thirimanne makes a hash of a routine pick-up-and-throw, but only two runs to be had in any case.;
40.3;1;Angelo Mathews to Hussey, 1 run back of a length outside the off stump, Hussey chops it square for a single.;
40.2;W;Angelo Mathews to Forrest, OUT Forrest holes out, without quite indulging himself in the post-century celebrations. As always, the slower ball does the job for SL. Mathews held it back, Forrest backed away for a carve, and was early into the loft over the covers and teed it straight up in the air. Simple catch in the deep cover area.;Peter Forrest c Maharoof b Mathews 104 (163m 138b 10x4 2x6) SR: 75.36;
40.1;4;Angelo Mathews to Forrest, FOUR runs time for some fun now. He gets room outside off and shreds him through point for four more.;
39.6;1;Perera to Forrest, 1 run Forrest has his first 100 in the one-day format, at all levels. And he's chuffed! Short of a length outside off, he defends to the off side with soft hands and prances away. He was pumping his fist even as he was getting there, his eyes popping in joy and a yell of "Yes!" He jumps and skips. That's also the first century of the CB series.;
39.5;1;Perera to Hussey, 1 run fuller length, Hussey calmly tucks it square for a single.;
39.4;6;Perera to Hussey, SIX runs Hussey murders a long hop! Looks like he was getting anxious to come out and bat during that stand. Short ball, Hussey is back in a flash and bangs it into oblivion., It lands well back in the grass banks.;
39.3;1;Perera to Forrest, 1 run Forrest is up to 99. Gets back in the crease and guides behind point for a single.;
39.2;?;Perera to Forrest, no run can't squeeze away those two yet. Dilshan is again in the way, diving away from point to stop the steer.;
39.1;4;Perera to Forrest, FOUR runs he's over-doing it. This time the slower ball release goes all awry and it slips out a full toss outside off. Forrest thankfully drives it through the covers for four more. 98 now.;
39.1;1w;Perera to Forrest, 1 wide Thisara rolls down a legspinning slower ball down the leg side. It is called a wide.;
38.6;?;Angelo Mathews to Hussey, no run opens the face as he looks to steer square now, but finds point.;
38.5;?;Angelo Mathews to Hussey, no run 104 kph on that offcutter, Hussey wasn't close to spotting it. Nearly nicked it, but it wouldn't have carried to the keeper.;
38.4;1;Angelo Mathews to Forrest, 1 run;
38.3;?;Angelo Mathews to Forrest, no run full length to Forrest, who plays it back to the bowler.;
38.2;1;Angelo Mathews to Hussey, 1 run he's away immediately, working Angelo Mathews efficiently away for a single.;
38.1;W;Angelo Mathews to Clarke, OUT a stunning catch and Clarke's gone. Full ball angling into the pads, Clarke swipes it efficently over midwicket, and he times it well enough to give Thisara on the boundary a chance. And how well he took it.. He ran across and to his front, tumbled forward and plucked the ball just before it hit turf. Sri Lanka will breathe easy ...;Michael Clarke c Perera b Mathews 72 (128m 79b 5x4 2x6) SR: 91.13;
37.6;?;Herath to Forrest, no run good ball to end the over, keeps Forrest in the crease and makes him defend to the off side.;
37.5;?;Herath to Forrest, no run tossed up slow and gentle on the stumps, Forrest plays it back down the track.;
37.4;1;Herath to Clarke, 1 run Clarke sweeps from outside off stump for a single to deep square leg.;
37.3;1;Herath to Forrest, 1 run Forrest skips out and drives down the ground for a single.;
37.2;?;Herath to Forrest, no run angled in towards the pads, Forrest can't get it away.;
37.1;1;Herath to Clarke, 1 run armer and a loud lbw appeal as Clarke dares to go back and cut. He chops the pad with his bat after hitting the ball, hence no response from the umpire barring a smile.;
36.6;?;Maharoof to Forrest, no run another slower ball to wind up the spell, Forrest spots it late and defends watchfully down the track.;
36.5;?;Maharoof to Forrest, no run angled in from over the stumps, Forrest tucks it to square leg watchfully.;
36.4;?;Maharoof to Forrest, no run slower ball at 115 kph, Forrest opens the face and defends towards point.;
36.3;1;Maharoof to Clarke, 1 run short of a length on the stumps, Clarke turns it to deep midwicket for another single.;
36.2;1;Maharoof to Forrest, 1 run full ball on the stumps, Forrest is stuck on the crease but manages to tuck it to midwicket for one.;
36.1;1;Maharoof to Clarke, 1 run Clarke pushes a single in front of square.;
35.6;1;Malinga to Clarke, 1 run full and wide of off stump, Clarke scythes into the off side. 43 runs have come off the Powerplay, timely gear change for the Aussies, who have 14 overs to go.;
35.5;?;Malinga to Clarke, no run on Clarke's pads, he nudges it straight to backward square leg and Clarke sends Forrest back. Direct hit doesn't catch him short.;
35.4;2;Malinga to Clarke, 2 runs Malinga drops short as Clarke advances to target the covers again. This time he latches on late and the ball flies off the outer half of the bat towards third man. Clarke flies back for the second.;
35.3;4;Malinga to Clarke, FOUR runs Clarke's playing the fields superbly here. The field is back on the leg side, and Malinga's keeping it very straight, but Clarke is good enough to make room, open his wrists and carve it over the covers. He even times it beautifully, and it carries almost 80% of the way to the boundary.;
35.2;1;Malinga to Forrest, 1 run angled into the pads, Forrest works it with the angle behind square for one.;
35.1;?;Malinga to Forrest, no run slow offcutter to start off, Forrest spots it late and defends.;
34.6;6;Maharoof to Clarke, SIX runs even better. Clarke swings a lovely little arc to swish a shoddy delivery out of the park. It sails into the grassbanks behind square leg, where the spectator puts down a catch. Sri Lanka are taking a hammering in the PP.;
34.5;?;Maharoof to Clarke, no run;
34.4;4;Maharoof to Clarke, FOUR runs Clarke's launched him. Expert batting this, Clarke spots the shorter boundary and finds the gap too as he lofts a length ball over the leg side. It takes off and comes down at deep midwicket, between two converging fielders and away for four.;
34.3;?;Maharoof to Clarke, no run full length wide of off stump, Clarke tries to carve it into the cover-point area but didn't have the room to generate the power. He finds point.;
34.2;1;Maharoof to Forrest, 1 run drop in pace again, worked with the angle to the leg side for a single once more.;
34.1;1;Maharoof to Clarke, 1 run another slower ball pitched up on the stumps, worked with the angle to the leg side for a single.;
33.6;1;Kulasekara to Clarke, 1 run Clarke has 50 now, nudging a length ball with the angle towards square leg.;
33.5;?;Kulasekara to Clarke, no run Clarke tries to work a full ball to the leg side and gets a leading edge down the track. Kula stops it with his boot.;
33.4;1;Kulasekara to Forrest, 1 run over-pitched outside off, Forrest clubs it to long-off for another single.;
33.3;2;Kulasekara to Forrest, 2 runs Forrest blazes through the covers once more, Mathews has acreage to cover in the deep as he moves to his left, and they get two more.;
33.2;1;Kulasekara to Clarke, 1 run does it again, this time in front of square for a single.;
33.1;2;Kulasekara to Clarke, 2 runs Clarke does the wise thing, walks across to off stump and nudges a single to hand it over to Forrest. Ah well, he places it well enough for two ...;
32.6;4;Malinga to Forrest, FOUR runs superb stroke. Another yorker that swung in late towards the pads, Forrest ensured he brought the bat down in time to flick it off the meat through square leg.;
32.5;?;Malinga to Forrest, no run hurls down a late swinging (reverse?) yorker at Forrest's toes. He couldn't lay bat on it, and was hit on the boot but it was slipping down the leg.;
32.4;4;Malinga to Forrest, FOUR runs Forrest flexes his biceps and carts Malinga over mid-off with a clean shovel-drive on the up. Malinga's attempted yorker ends up an over-pitched length ball and Forrest smacks his lips even as he dispatches it.;
32.3;1lb;Malinga to Clarke, 1 leg bye full pace yorker, slips down the leg side and goes off Clarke's pad to the leg side for one.;
32.2;?;Malinga to Clarke, no run length ball, too wide of the stumps and Clarke lays into it with a cut shot. Dilshan is in the way at backward point.;
32.1;1;Malinga to Forrest, 1 run slower ball, swinging in the air towards the middle and leg line. Forrest whips him square for a single.;
31.6;?;Kulasekara to Clarke, no run stifled lbw appeal as Clarke walks across and looks to work Kula to the leg side. Pitched, and hit the pads, outside the line of off stump.;
31.5;1;Kulasekara to Forrest, 1 run angled into the pads, Forrest gets the single to midwicket.;
31.4;?;Kulasekara to Forrest, no run Kula responds with a full indipper, Forrest nearly played all over it. He managed to get a leading edge that went very fine. Sanga stops it.;
31.3;4;Kulasekara to Forrest, FOUR runs if it's in his slot he can murder them. Over-pitched in the amiable area where a batsman can reach out and get to the pitch. Forrest obliged and smashed it through the covers sumptuously.;
31.2;?;Kulasekara to Forrest, no run slower ball, nips away off a length, Forrest defends to the off side.;
31.1;1;Kulasekara to Clarke, 1 run back of a length on the stumps to start off, Clarke is inside the line and nudges it to square leg fir one.;
30.6;?;Malinga to Forrest, no run Forrest looks to drive into the covers, but can't pierce the infield.;
30.5;2;Malinga to Forrest, 2 runs times the clip off the pads well, and places it between mid-on and midwicket for a couple.;
30.4;?;Malinga to Forrest, no run slower ball at 126 kph, and it swung in the air as it came through. Forrest did well to play it back down the track.;
30.3;?;Malinga to Forrest, no run pitched up to Forrest, who forces it to mid-on.;
30.2;1;Malinga to Clarke, 1 run full and wide to Clarke, who drives a single into the covers ... Clarke's bat has broken at the handle.;
30.1;1;Malinga to Forrest, 1 run full ball wide of off stump, Forrest guides into the covers for a single.;
29.6;1;Herath to Forrest, 1 run tossed up on the stumps, Clarke sweeps it to deep backward square leg for one.;
29.5;1;Herath to Clarke, 1 run Clarke has 1000 runs against SL. He skips out and drives with the angle to deep mid-on. These two have added 100.;
29.4;1;Herath to Forrest, 1 run gets the sweep away behind square as Herath continues to operate outside leg stump.;
29.3;?;Herath to Forrest, no run Forrest advances, gets to the flight and drives to mid off.;
29.2;?;Herath to Forrest, no run pitched up and turning in, Forrest misses the sweep now.;
29.1;?;Herath to Forrest, no run back of a length outside leg and turning in. Forrest can't work it away.;
28.6;?;Malinga to Clarke, no run yorker outside off, Clarke jams down on it and keeps it out.;
28.5;1;Malinga to Forrest, 1 run gets the single this time, steering an over-pitched ball wide of off stump to the left of cover.;
28.4;?;Malinga to Forrest, no run over-pitched outside off, Forrest can't get the flowing drive away through the covers.;
28.3;?;Malinga to Forrest, no run pitched up wide of off stump, Forrest digs it out square.;
28.2;?;Malinga to Forrest, no run pitched up to Forrest, who works it to the leg side feebly. Malinga moves across to clean up.;
28.1;1;Malinga to Clarke, 1 run full length ball wide of off stump, Clarke carves through the covers for a single.;
27.6;1;Herath to Clarke, 1 run Clarke drives the last ball through long-on for a single.;
27.5;?;Herath to Clarke, no run gets too close to the pitch and plays a full ball back to Herath.;
27.4;?;Herath to Clarke, no run advances this time, but plays it off a slight leading edge to the left of Herath.;
27.3;4;Herath to Clarke, FOUR runs aha, Maharoof has gone swimming in the deep but the ball's slipped out of his grasp. Short ball to Clarke, whose eyes glint with greed as he rocks back and pulls. He timed it well enough, and Maharoof wasn't well back on the ropes.;
27.2;?;Herath to Clarke, no run tossed up again, Clarke skips out and plays it back to the bowler.;
27.1;?;Herath to Clarke, no run tossed up on the stumps, Clarke pushes it to mid-on.;
26.6;1;Perera to Clarke, 1 run Clarke's turn to work a single. Sri Lanka are sweating now.;
26.5;1;Perera to Forrest, 1 run gets the single now with a quiet nudge to the leg side.;
26.4;6;Perera to Forrest, SIX runs Forrest is cutting loose now. Australia are enjoying a belated step up in the run-rate. Another shortish ball from Thisara, Forrest was onto it like a dog to a bone. He got inside the line and heaved it over midwicket, to the right of the sweeper in the deep.;
26.3;?;Perera to Forrest, no run pitched up on the leg stump, but Forrest can't encash the freebie. He works it straight to the leg side.;
26.2;1;Perera to Clarke, 1 run fuller ball on the stumps, Clarke gets the side wide of mid on.;
26.1;4;Perera to Clarke, FOUR runs Ravi Shastri's voice trembles with excitement on air as Clarke plays a cracking pull without bothering to go back after getting the front foot out. Comprehensively thumped.;
25.6;?;Herath to Forrest, no run Forrest works Herath straight to cover.;
25.5;1;Herath to Clarke, 1 run Clarke turns a straight ball from the pads towards square leg.;
25.4;1;Herath to Forrest, 1 run gets a single now into the covers.;
25.3;4;Herath to Forrest, FOUR runs top shot from Forrest, gets a proud front foot thrust and thumps through the covers. The sweeper on the off side thought he could have cut it off, but the ball sped past.;
25.2;?;Herath to Forrest, no run pushed back in the crease by an armer, Forrest plays it straight to cover as he looks to heave.;
25.1;?;Herath to Forrest, no run tossed up to Forrest, who plays it from the crease.;
24.6;1;Perera to Forrest, 1 run angled into the pads, Forrest works it behind square for a single to end the over.;
24.5;?;Perera to Forrest, no run slower ball outside off, Forrest steers it with thew deviation towards point.;
24.4;?;Perera to Forrest, no run back of a length, he looks to beat point with the dab but can't;
24.3;4;Perera to Forrest, FOUR runs in the middle of all the dots, he's played some outrageously powerful strokes, just like this one. Thisara drops short, Forrest leans back and whacks it over midwicket for four. That's yet another fifty for the new man.;
24.2;?;Perera to Forrest, no run Thisara cuts one in, Forrest is cramped as he defends to the off side.;
24.1;?;Perera to Forrest, no run Forrest is getting bogged down, defends a length ball to the off side.;
23.6;?;Herath to Clarke, no run Clarke plays into the covers carefully to end the over.;
23.5;1;Herath to Forrest, 1 run full toss, Forrest skips out and drives to long-off for a single.;
23.4;1;Herath to Clarke, 1 run Clarke drives down the ground for a single.;
23.3;1;Herath to Forrest, 1 run armer, Forrest hangs back and chops it away as it hurries in towards the stumps.;
23.2;1;Herath to Clarke, 1 run angled down the leg side, Clarke turns it square for a single now.;
23.1;1;Herath to Forrest, 1 run tossed up on the stumps, driven down the ground for a single.;
22.6;?;Perera to Clarke, no run full ball on the stumps, defended down the track.;
22.5;2;Perera to Clarke, 2 runs Clarke uses Perera's lines to work a couple through the square field. He's looking the more fluent of the two.;
22.4;?;Perera to Clarke, no run pitched up to Clarke who leans out to defend to the off side.;
22.3;1;Perera to Forrest, 1 run back of a length outside off, steered behind point now. And he gets the single.;
22.2;?;Perera to Forrest, no run short of a length again, Forrest is getting stuck. Steered straight to point.;
22.1;?;Perera to Forrest, no run short of a length outside off to start with, steers square for no runs.;
21.6;?;Angelo Mathews to Clarke, no run pitched up on the stumps to end the over, Clarke pushes to mid on.;
21.5;1;Angelo Mathews to Forrest, 1 run Forrest beavers a full ball wide of mid-on for a single.;
21.4;1;Angelo Mathews to Clarke, 1 run on the pads now, Clarke tucks a single through square leg.;
21.3;1;Angelo Mathews to Forrest, 1 run gets the single now, pushing a full ball towards long-on.;
21.2;?;Angelo Mathews to Forrest, no run full ball again, Forrest looks to thread the covers but finds the fielder.;
21.1;1;Angelo Mathews to Clarke, 1 run full ball to Clarke, who drives solidly to mid on.;
20.6;?;Maharoof to Forrest, no run and a slower ball to finish with, Forrest lunges out and has to adjust and defend. He's played 50 dot balls now!;
20.5;?;Maharoof to Forrest, no run back of a length again, Forrest defends from the crease into the off side.;
20.4;?;Maharoof to Forrest, no run short of a length outside off, chopped towards point.;
20.3;?;Maharoof to Forrest, no run pitched well up to Forrest, who is reluctant to come forward but defends solidly down the line.;
20.2;?;Maharoof to Forrest, no run;
20.1;1;Maharoof to Clarke, 1 run Maharoof drifts onto the pads, Clarke nudges yet another single behind square leg.;
19.6;?;Angelo Mathews to Forrest, no run full length wide of off stump, draws Forrest forward and he steers to the off side.;
19.5;4;Angelo Mathews to Forrest, FOUR runs short and bashed away. Forrest removes some of the rust with a powerful pull shot to a half-tracker from Mathews. Easy pickings.;
19.4;1;Angelo Mathews to Clarke, 1 run Clarke works him in front of square for one.;
19.3;1;Angelo Mathews to Forrest, 1 run pitched up on the pads, Forrest works it to wide mid-on for a single.;
19.2;?;Angelo Mathews to Forrest, no run;
19.1;1;Angelo Mathews to Clarke, 1 run slower ball again, straightens from outside off. Clarke steers it to third man for a single.;
18.6;1;Maharoof to Clarke, 1 run Clarke chips out to make some pace of his own, and tucks Maharoof down to backward square leg for one.;
18.5;1;Maharoof to Forrest, 1 run short ball, enough in it for Forrest to jump back and heave through square leg for one.;
18.4;?;Maharoof to Forrest, no run goes fuller at 111 kph, Forrest plays away too many dot balls, doesn't he?;
18.3;?;Maharoof to Forrest, no run another one that nips away off the straight as he rolls it out of the fingers. Forrest defends.;
18.2;?;Maharoof to Forrest, no run Maharoof's slower ball makes another appearance. On a full length, and defended off the front foot.;
18.1;?;Maharoof to Forrest, no run length ball on Forrest's pads, and he tucks it to midwicket.;
17.6;1;Angelo Mathews to Forrest, 1 run on the pads once more, Forrest gets the single away through square leg this time.;
17.5;?;Angelo Mathews to Forrest, no run slipping down the leg side, Forrest misses the whip and gets hit on the pad.;
17.4;?;Angelo Mathews to Forrest, no run fuller length, Forrest stays on the crease and defends to the off side of the pitch.;
17.3;?;Angelo Mathews to Forrest, no run short of a length outside off stump, Forrest defends to the off side.;
17.2;1;Angelo Mathews to Clarke, 1 run too straight, easy run for Clarke who clips it off the pads behind square.;
17.1;2;Angelo Mathews to Clarke, 2 runs slower ball on the pads, Clarke whips it away through midwicket, where Maharoogf back flips the ball to a relay fielder and keeps it down to two.;
16.6;?;Maharoof to Forrest, no run pitched further up, defended off the front foot.;
16.5;1;Maharoof to Clarke, 1 run another slower ball, too straight this time and Clarke slaps it away behind square for one.;
16.4;?;Maharoof to Clarke, no run;
16.3;?;Maharoof to Clarke, no run he nearly gets Clarke undone with the back of the hand slower ball. Very similar to how he dismissed Ponting the other day. The ball stopped short of a length and jumped up to hit the bat near the splice. It nearly carried back to Maharoof...;
16.2;1;Maharoof to Forrest, 1 run angled into the pads, worked to square leg watchfully.;
16.1;?;Maharoof to Forrest, no run Maharoof angles another one into the pads, Clarke works it to the leg side.;

Australia are being watchful here, which isn't a bad idea.
 Innings Start
The permutations can wait awhile longer. India's fates still rest in their own hands, though at the moment they are a distant third in this tournament. We'll be back for the fun on Sunday. Before you leave, here is the match report by Brydon Coverdale. We'll soon have a lot more analysis and comment from the game up on the site. On behalf of the gang, this is Nitin Sundar signing out. Cheers!
"The first task for India is to somehow win the toss and bat first for a change, that may change the fortunes as well." Prasanna are you saying Sehwag should replace Dhoni as captain?
Presentations.
Mahela is the Man of the Match: "I probably got more of the strike than Dilly, and it was one of those days when most of your shots went to the gaps. One side of the ground is smaller, so it was a tough ground to defend on. The youngsters are learning a lot from these games. We are top of the table, but we still need to do a lot of hard work."
Clarke: "Unfortunately we couldn't get over the line, but full credit to Sri Lanka. Our execution with the ball wasn't good. The top four could do better. SL showed tonight that if you hang in, you can take it home. I am still a bit stiff in the back, but I will be fine. Big game for us against India in Sydney."
Mahela showed the way, but the youngsters followed it to do it for Sri Lanka. There is after all a way for old and young to combine and bring home the results in ODI cricket. Are India watching?
The points table begins to look very interesting now. All three teams have two games to go. And all of them (including India) have a chance to make the finals. India will need to win both games to make the final. If they do pull that off (though their current form suggests it would be a tall order), SL and Aus will be fighting for the other spot in the final when they meet.
For now though, Sri Lanka are the class of the field. They seem to have just the sort of combination to click in these conditions. Most importantly, they have three high-quality fast bowling allrounders.
49.2;4;Lee to Kulasekara, FOUR runs Sri Lanka are on top of the table! Take that says Kula. He stays beside the line to a length ball and cracks it through the covers for four. Sri Lanka have been undefeated four games in a row, and I daresay they look the best side in this tournament.;
49.1;1;Lee to Perera, 1 run full ball on the pads, Thisara whips it behind square and they get a single ... Thisara wants a second, but they have to settle for one.;
48.6;1;Christian to Perera, 1 run he gets a single now, squeezes it away to the leg side and keeps strike. 14 off the over, the over that has probably lose it for Australia.;
48.5;6;Christian to Perera, SIX runs Thisara!!! Sri Lanka are roaring home after a six followed by a four. Thisara plants the front foot across, gets clean under the length ball and bombards it deep over the midwicket boundary for a six. Sri Lanka can't possibly lose from here.;
48.4;4;Christian to Perera, FOUR runs Thisara doesn't need two hands to get the boundary. Full length slower ball on the leg stump line, he was lining up the loft over the leg side, but the ball came on after he was into the stroke. No matter. The top hand came off, he continued with the swing and ended up slapping it square rather than through midwicket.;
48.3;W;Christian to Angelo Mathews, OUT Gone! Mathews has perished trying another big shot. He was trying to haul the length ball over the extra cover area, but the slower ball hoodwinked him into another miscue. It landed in long-off's hands as he came across.;Angelo Mathews c Warner b Christian 24 (55m 31b 1x4 0x6) SR: 77.41;
48.2;2;Christian to Angelo Mathews, 2 runs Mathews is holing out straight down the throats of the gaps in the outfield! Juicy full toss on the pads, Mathews tries to cart it over midwicket, but doesn't time it well enough. He mistimes it sufficiently for it to land short of long-on and midwicket who were converging.;
48.1;1lb;Christian to Perera, 1 leg bye near perfect yorker, lands outside leg and hits the pad as Perera misses the heave to leg. He was through the shot too early. Leg bye taken.;
47.6;?;Lee to Angelo Mathews, no run another dot ball! Mathews is unable to get a yorker away and Lee moves across to field. He even under-arms a throw at Thisara's end as he backs up too far. But Thisara is in, and Lee misses.;
47.5;?;Lee to Angelo Mathews, no run near yorker, Mathews can't get it away for a single. Lee collects and thinks of throwing at the keeper's end. He resists and just glares!;
47.4;2;Lee to Angelo Mathews, 2 runs full toss from Lee, Sri Lanka are running like professional sprinters here! Thisara makes Forrest sweat in the deep after Mathews drove into the covers. He charged back for the second and made it easy.;
47.3;1;Lee to Perera, 1 run near yorker on middle and leg, Thisara drags it through mid-on for a single.;
47.2;2;Lee to Perera, 2 runs another leading edge. Thisara tries to nudge to leg from outside off and the ball skims off the edge towards third man. Ohho, he charges back for the second and puts the dive in to beat Harris' throw to the keeper. He's in.;
47.1;1;Lee to Angelo Mathews, 1 run full ball on the stumps, driven hard through mid-on for a single.;
46.6;4;Harris to Perera, FOUR runs Thisara has put the cheek in cheeky shot-making. He shuffles across the stumps, gets under a low Harris full toss and laps it off the middle of the bat behind square leg. He didn't try to go over the fielder at short fine-leg, and instead just went well outside his range. Much squarer than the shot Thirimanne was attempting.;
46.5;1;Harris to Angelo Mathews, 1 run Mathews nearly holes out! He tries to get under the length and shovel Harris over long-on, and nearly picked out the fielder. It landed some yards in front of him eventually.;
46.4;1;Harris to Perera, 1 run low full toss now, Thisara whips it to midwicket and they might have contemplated two. Mathews isn't interested.;
46.3;?;Harris to Perera, no run very full on off stump at 139 kph. Thisara plays it back to the bowler.;
46.2;1;Harris to Angelo Mathews, 1 run full ball sliding onto leg stump, Mathews nudges a single to midwicket.;
46.1;1;Harris to Perera, 1 run low full toss, but he gets away with it. Thisara drives it back hard down the ground, past Harris' half-stop for a single.;
45.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Angelo Mathews, no run length ball to Mathews, he looks to push a single to the off side but can't get it away.;
45.5;W;Hilfenhaus to Maharoof, OUT uh oh, Maharoof implodes. He gets inside the line of a short ball slipping into the body and plays a ginger uppish pull in the air. He almost got away with it too, but Harris managed to back-pedal quickly from about 20 yards in front of the ropes at 45 degrees and hold on to a well-judged catch.;Farveez Maharoof c Harris b Hilfenhaus 5 (5m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 71.42;
45.4;1;Hilfenhaus to Angelo Mathews, 1 run short of a length from Hilf, Mathews defends to the off side and takes another easy single.;
45.3;1;Hilfenhaus to Maharoof, 1 run back of a length, heaved from outside off towards square leg for a single.;
45.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Maharoof, no run on a length, Maharoof plays solidly to mid-on.;
45.1;2;Hilfenhaus to Maharoof, 2 runs back of a length on the hips, Maharoof dabs expertly with a turn of the wrists and sprints the couple.;
44.6;1;Harris to Maharoof, 1 run Maharoof's turn to shot the full face and take a single down the ground off a length ball.;
44.5;1;Harris to Angelo Mathews, 1 run full length once again, Mathews plays with a very straight bat through mid-on for one.;
44.4;1;Harris to Maharoof, 1 run full ball angled into the leg stump area, Maharoof clips it square for a single.;
44.3;?;Harris to Maharoof, no run full length ball to Maharoof, he works it to midwicket quietly.;
44.2;W;Harris to Chandimal, OUT Ryano has done the damage, Chandimal pays the price for playing strange strokes under pressure. He walks across the stumps to a straight ball and tries to dink it square. Harris kept it straight and full and rapped him dead in front of the stumps. End of a good innings, but Chandimal needs to learn how to finish the job.;Dinesh Chandimal lbw b Harris 80 (119m 100b 7x4 0x6) SR: 80;
44.1;1;Harris to Angelo Mathews, 1 run low full toss on the stumps, Mathews drives through mid-on for a single.;
43.6;1;Hilfenhaus to Angelo Mathews, 1 run over-pitched outside off, Mathews drives to mid-off for a single.;
43.5;1;Hilfenhaus to Chandimal, 1 run bumper at 141 kph, Chandimal takes him on. He doesn't time it, and gets away with the pull.. There was a man at deep midwicket.;
43.4;1;Hilfenhaus to Angelo Mathews, 1 run Mathews quietly turns the strike with a nudge to the leg side.;
43.3;1;Hilfenhaus to Chandimal, 1 run full toss on the stumps, Chandimal tries to force to the leg side and it goes off the inner edge towards backward square leg for one.;
43.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Chandimal, no run tries another needlessly cheeky shot. Pressure! Tries to walk across and lap a quick ball, but can't get it away.;
43.1;4;Hilfenhaus to Chandimal, FOUR runs Chandimal flexes his muscle. He isn't the best six-hitter in the game, and often tends to heave these across the line. This time, there was a gap between midwicket and long on, and he found it perfectly.;
42.6;1;Doherty to Chandimal, 1 run tight single, but he escapes. Pushed into the covers and he sets off for a tight run. Australia miss the stumps again. Would have been tight.;
42.5;2;Doherty to Chandimal, 2 runs whoa, he plays a Dilscoop so daring even Dishan may not have played it. He leans out to a full ball outside off and scoops it over Wade's head. Would have looked utterly stupid if that had resulted in a wicket,;
42.4;?;Doherty to Chandimal, no run over-pitched and wide, Chandimal misses out! He slams the drive straight to cover.;
42.3;?;Doherty to Chandimal, no run slow through the air, holds the length back as Chandimal skips out. He defends it down the track in the end.;
42.2;1;Doherty to Angelo Mathews, 1 run pitched up outside off stump, defended off the front foot to mid-off.;
42.1;1;Doherty to Chandimal, 1 run short of a length outside off, Chandimal hacks it square for a single.;
41.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Angelo Mathews, no run full toss wasted. Mathews whips straight to mid-on.;
41.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Angelo Mathews, no run;
41.4;1;Hilfenhaus to Chandimal, 1 run slow offcutter, Chandimal drops it to the off side and they eventually set off for a quick single.;
41.3;1;Hilfenhaus to Angelo Mathews, 1 run back of a length, on Mathews pads and there's another single to the leg side.;
41.2;1;Hilfenhaus to Chandimal, 1 run another single taken off the pads, nudged with the angle through square leg.;
41.1;1;Hilfenhaus to Angelo Mathews, 1 run angled into the pads, and Mathews gets a single through the leg side with a tuck.;
40.6;?;Doherty to Chandimal, no run leading edge. Chandimal goes back in the crease and looks to work from outside off to the leg side. The ball squirts to the off side off the edge.;
40.5;?;Doherty to Chandimal, no run Chandimal plays a length ball back down the track.;
40.4;1;Doherty to Angelo Mathews, 1 run gets the single now, pushed into the gap for one.;
40.3;?;Doherty to Angelo Mathews, no run;
40.2;?;Doherty to Angelo Mathews, no run slowed up on the stumps, and it breaks away sharply. Mathews opens the face and defends to the off side.;
40.1;?;Doherty to Angelo Mathews, no run tossed up outside off, pushed into the covers.;
39.6;2;Lee to Chandimal, 2 runs short from Lee, Chandimal pulls resourcefully for a single to deep midwicket. Powerplay out of the way.;
39.5;?;Lee to Chandimal, no run almost a yorker from Lee, Chandimal tries to shovel-drive down the ground, but plays it straight to mid-on.;
39.4;2;Lee to Chandimal, 2 runs short of a length, Chandimal hangs back and clatters it away through the covers for a single.;
39.3;?;Lee to Chandimal, no run over-pitched on off stump, Chandimal drives off the toe of the bat to mid-off.;
39.2;1;Lee to Angelo Mathews, 1 run on a length outside off, played back down the track watchfully.;
39.1;?;Lee to Angelo Mathews, no run short of a length outside off, Mathews defends to the off side from the crease.;
38.6;4;Christian to Chandimal, FOUR runs four more! Chandimal is shining bright. He swivels inside the line now and pulls with class, backward of square for four more. He worked the wrists perfectly for that shot, and played it down even as he generated the pace to send it to the boundary.;
38.5;4;Christian to Chandimal, FOUR runs Chandimal goes over the top. He prances down the track and heaves a length ball over mid-off. Safe shot for the field, and he connects well enough to get four for it.;
38.4;?;Christian to Chandimal, no run short of a length, Chandimal tries to hack it into the covers but can't time it at all.;
38.3;1;Christian to Angelo Mathews, 1 run full-pitched on the stumps, driven down to long-on for one.;
38.2;?;Christian to Angelo Mathews, no run pitched up wide of off stump, Mathews mishits the drive back down the track.;
38.1;1;Christian to Chandimal, 1 run short of a length outside off, Chandimal drops it quietly to the off side.;
37.6;4;Lee to Angelo Mathews, FOUR runs smacked it. Lee goes short and wide, Mathews waves his arms at it and sends it dribbling through the covers. Solid punchy drive away from the body.;
37.5;2;Lee to Angelo Mathews, 2 runs short ball on the stumps, pulled past midwicket for a single.;
37.4;?;Lee to Angelo Mathews, no run full ball on off stump, Mathews drives down the ground solidly.;
37.3;1;Lee to Chandimal, 1 run short ball, Chandimal skips and nudges to the leg side for a single. Chandimal seems to be struggling. He is on his haunches. Ah, he's played this ball onto his ribs, which is the source of the pain..;
37.2;?;Lee to Chandimal, no run short and quick again, 143 kph outside off. Chandimal tries to steer fine now, though he didn't have the room for the shot. Play and a miss.;
37.1;?;Lee to Chandimal, no run short ball, Chandimal tries to jump and whack it and misses. Sri Lanka can do with some cool heads at the moment.;
36.6;?;Christian to Angelo Mathews, no run back of a length on the stumps, defended from the crease carefully.;
36.5;W;Christian to Thirimanne, OUT Gets across his stumps, gets cheeky and gets out. Powerplay does the damage. Sri Lanka were strolling home, but Thirimanne tries to make the Powerplay count, and perishes. He's lapped a length ball straight to short fine leg. Australia have a vital opening.;Lahiru Thirimanne c Hilfenhaus b Christian 24 (36m 34b 1x4 0x6) SR: 70.58;
36.4;1;Christian to Chandimal, 1 run back of a length and tucks him up, Chandimal works it around for a single to square leg.;
36.3;2;Christian to Chandimal, 2 runs sudden moment of aggression from Chandimal. He sets himself up in the crease and looks to launch a length ball over the leg side. Doesn't time the shot well enough to hole out.;
36.2;1;Christian to Thirimanne, 1 run short of a length, Thirimanne charges out and looks for room but there is none. Played straight to cover.;
36.1;1;Christian to Chandimal, 1 run short of a length and angling in, Chandimal hops and tucks it square for a single.;
35.6;4;Lee to Thirimanne, FOUR runs the straight drive always works wonders in the Powerplay, with mid-on and mid-off invariably up. Full ball on the stumps, Thirimanne plasters it ramrod straight right back past Lee for four. Boundary after a very long time.;
35.5;?;Lee to Thirimanne, no run Thirimanne backs away and tries to carve a full ball into the off side. But he plays it straight to mid-off.;
35.4;?;Lee to Thirimanne, no run length ball from round the stumps, Thirimanne was trying to bang it down the ground but couldn't get it away.;
35.3;1;Lee to Chandimal, 1 run slow bouncer to Chandimal, who pulls it down and fine for yet another fifty. The future of SL batting is here.;
35.2;1;Lee to Thirimanne, 1 run angled across, Thirimanne uses the pace to steer with an opened face through backward point.;
35.1;1;Lee to Chandimal, 1 run short of a length outside off stump, Chandimal glides it down to third man for one.;
34.6;1;Clarke to Chandimal, 1 run angled in towards the pads, Chandimal gets another single with a dink behind square.;
34.5;1;Clarke to Thirimanne, 1 run Thirimanne stays in the crease and dabs to point for a single.;
34.4;?;Clarke to Thirimanne, no run;
34.3;1;Clarke to Chandimal, 1 run Chandimal tries to launch Clarke over the leg side, but mistimes it. Only a single to the deep.;
34.2;1;Clarke to Thirimanne, 1 run Thirimanne now,m dabbing to cover point for one.;
34.1;1;Clarke to Chandimal, 1 run Chandimal pushes to cover for another single.;
33.6;1;Hussey to Chandimal, 1 run short ball outside off, Chandimal waits and hacks it through cover for a single.;
33.5;?;Hussey to Chandimal, no run;
33.4;?;Hussey to Chandimal, no run Thirimanne takes a start. What's new.. Full ball on the stumps, Chandmal drives it back to Hussey.;
33.3;1;Hussey to Thirimanne, 1 run gets the single this time, behind the square leg area with the nudge.;
33.2;?;Hussey to Thirimanne, no run angled in, worked with the angle towards the square leg area.;
33.1;2;Hussey to Thirimanne, 2 runs flighted from round the stumps, Thirimanne thumps it on the up through the covers for a couple.;
32.6;?;Clarke to Chandimal, no run flighted on the stumps, driven straight to mid-on.;
32.5;1;Clarke to Thirimanne, 1 run Thirimanne steers another ball softly into the point area for one.;
32.4;1;Clarke to Chandimal, 1 run too short, Chandimal had time to wait and cart it to deep midwicket for one.;
32.3;1;Clarke to Thirimanne, 1 run opens the face and dabs from outside off towards backward point.;
32.2;?;Clarke to Thirimanne, no run Thirimanne skips out to the flight and works a full ball back to Clarke.;
32.1;1;Clarke to Chandimal, 1 run full ball from Clarke on the stumps, Chandimal drives through mid-on.;
31.6;1;Hilfenhaus to Chandimal, 1 run singles being taken from every corner of the field. Chandimal drops this one towards point and sets off.;
31.5;1;Hilfenhaus to Thirimanne, 1 run length ball on the pads, nudged to Lee at mid-on, and they steal another single.;
31.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Thirimanne, no run slower ball, cuts away from Thirimanne who can't get bat on ball as he tries to drive.;
31.3;1;Hilfenhaus to Chandimal, 1 run back of a length, chopped through backward point for a single.;
31.2;1;Hilfenhaus to Thirimanne, 1 run Thirimanne gets a quick single now, dabbing softly wide of point. These two run quite well together.;
31.1;1;Hilfenhaus to Chandimal, 1 run short of a length outside off stump, Chandimal steers through backward point for one.;
30.6;?;Doherty to Thirimanne, no run Thirimanne works off the pads straight to midwicket to end the over.;
30.5;1;Doherty to Chandimal, 1 run Chandimal works a single down the ground.;
30.4;1;Doherty to Thirimanne, 1 run Thirimanne works it off the pads to the leg side for one.;
30.3;1;Doherty to Chandimal, 1 run gets the single away, tight for Chandimal, with a careful dab in front of square.;
30.2;1lb;Doherty to Thirimanne, 1 leg bye straight ball slipping down the leg. It goes off the pad for a leg bye.;
30.1;?;Doherty to Thirimanne, no run Thirimanne skips out, gets too close to the pitch and then just jams the ball dead. And goes back into the crease.;
29.6;1;Hilfenhaus to Thirimanne, 1 run wild drive, away from the body and in the air, but Thirimanne manages to elude the catchers on the off side even as he loses the grip of the bat.;
29.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Thirimanne, no run back of a length, Thirimanne defends to point with an angled face.;
29.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Thirimanne, no run gets across and on-drives the slow offcutter uppishly to the left of the bowler;
29.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Thirimanne, no run length ball outside off stump, Thirimanne defends solidly.;
29.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Thirimanne, no run;
29.1;2;Hilfenhaus to Thirimanne, 2 runs Thirimanne presses across to drive into the off side and gets a thick outside edge that goes down and past slip. Harris fields at third man, and as he goes down his knee gets stuck in the turf and pulls out a huge divot. Ouch.;
29.1;1w;Hilfenhaus to Thirimanne, 1 wide poor start, a loosener that slips yards wide of off stump.;
28.6;?;Doherty to Chandimal, no run defended again off the front foot.;
28.5;?;Doherty to Chandimal, no run keeps him in the crease. Chandimal defends a ball that straightens down the line.;
28.4;?;Doherty to Chandimal, no run flighted ball outside off, pushed into the off side again.;
28.3;1;Doherty to Thirimanne, 1 run leans across and laps a ball from outside off towards fine leg.;
28.2;?;Doherty to Thirimanne, no run works a ball from off stump line with the spin to the leg side.;
28.1;1;Doherty to Chandimal, 1 run tossed up to Chandimal, he jumps out and drives to mid-on.;
27.6;1;Clarke to Chandimal, 1 run flighted wide of off stump, Chandimal drives through extra cover for one.;
27.5;1;Clarke to Thirimanne, 1 run Thirimanne leans across and works a length ball to the leg side.;
27.4;1;Clarke to Chandimal, 1 run needless overthrow yet again. Chandimal pushes into the covers and quickly returns to the crease. Warner picks up and under-arms the stumps, and the ricochet is not backed up.;
27.3;?;Clarke to Chandimal, no run slows the release again, Chandimal is partially foxed in the flight but defends.;
27.2;2;Clarke to Chandimal, 2 runs Chandimal runs superbly to get two. Works a length ball off the pads very gently and takes off. Up and down in a flash.;
27.1;1;Clarke to Thirimanne, 1 run Clarke flights the ball outside the off stump, Thirimanne pushes into the covers for one.;
26.6;?;Doherty to Chandimal, no run angled in from wide of the crease. Chandimal defends down the track.;
26.5;1;Doherty to Thirimanne, 1 run loopy ball spins in from outside off. Thirimanne drives it into the covers.;
26.4;1;Doherty to Chandimal, 1 run tossed up on middle, Chandimal nudges behind square for a single.;
26.3;1;Doherty to Thirimanne, 1 run flighted on the stumps, Thirimanne works a single to the leg side.;
26.2;W;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, OUT a great ball to end what was promising to become a great innings. Doherty slows up the release, gets the ball to land just short of a length outside off, grip and spin. So far, Mahela has been adept at reaching the pitch and lofting over the off side, or pushing through for singles. This time too he was looking to reach out, but was about a foot away from where the ball landed. It spun sharply, past him as he overbalanced and into Wade's gloves. Out stumped by a classy delivery.;Mahela Jayawardene st ?Wade b Doherty 85 (105m 81b 6x4 1x6) SR: 104.93;
26.1;1;Doherty to Chandimal, 1 run Chandimal gets a single, pushing Doherty down past mid on for one.;
25.6;1;Clarke to Chandimal, 1 run tossed up slow and loopy outside off, Chandimal drives past the covers now for a single.;
25.5;1;Clarke to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run Mahela pushes another single, through wide mid-off now.;
25.4;1;Clarke to Chandimal, 1 run nudged off the pads to the leg side for one.;
25.3;1;Clarke to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run Mahela pushes a single in front of square.;
25.2;2;Clarke to Mahela Jayawardene, 2 runs uh oh, great fielding followed by an overthrow. Mahela drives a full ball to cover and takes off for a tight single. Warner dives to his left and behind to stop it and throws it even as he turned around on the turf before getting onto the feet. The throw was miles off target and they get the second.;
25.1;2;Clarke to Mahela Jayawardene, 2 runs angled down the leg side, and Mahela tickles it along to fine leg for a couple.;
24.6;?;Doherty to Chandimal, no run maiden to the X-man. Chandimal is kept crease-bound by a length ball outside off and blocks again.;
24.5;?;Doherty to Chandimal, no run tossed up on the stumps, blocked again.;
24.4;?;Doherty to Chandimal, no run good over so far. Chandimal defends from the crease to the off side.;
24.3;?;Doherty to Chandimal, no run covers the line as Doherty gets one to straighten from outside off.;
24.2;?;Doherty to Chandimal, no run adjusts to a length ball on the stumps and defends.;
24.1;?;Doherty to Chandimal, no run flighted outside off stump, Chandimal plays it into the off side.;
23.6;1;Clarke to Chandimal, 1 run Chandimal tries to lap sweep from outside off, and gets a single away;
23.5;?;Clarke to Chandimal, no run drives a flighted ball straight to cover.;
23.4;?;Clarke to Chandimal, no run Chandimal defends a full ball to the off side.;
23.3;1;Clarke to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run Mahela again gets a single past the bowler from middle and off line.;
23.2;?;Clarke to Mahela Jayawardene, no run full length on off stump, played back to the bowler.;
23.1;2;Clarke to Mahela Jayawardene, 2 runs the milking continues unabated. Tossed up on off stump, and Mahela on-drives for two.;
22.6;1;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run tossed up on middle and leg, Mahela drives it past Doherty for a single.;
22.5;1;Doherty to Chandimal, 1 run Doherty spins one away from a length, Chandimal prods at it and gets a single behind square on the off side.;
22.4;1;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run dabs a short ball behind point for a single.;
22.3;?;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, no run;
22.2;2;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, 2 runs goes behind square now, with a chiselled cut with the spin. Mahela is in complete control;
22.1;2;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, 2 runs Mahela goes deliberately in the air with a controlled chip over the infield. Two runs to deep extra cover.;
21.6;?;Harris to Chandimal, no run short of a length outside off, Chandimal jabs it away behind point.;
21.6;1w;Harris to Chandimal, 1 wide Harris' has lost it. Big wide down the leg side.;
21.5;4;Harris to Chandimal, FOUR runs another short ball, again slipping down the leg side. Australia are all over the place. Chandimal is inside the line and plays a controlled full very fine and keeps it down. Fine leg had no chance.;
21.4;2lb;Harris to Chandimal, 2 leg byes slips down the leg side, Chandimal can't get bat on the glance but prances back for two legbyes.;
21.3;?;Harris to Chandimal, no run Harris gets late inswing again. Chandimal works it to midwicket as it comes in.;
21.2;?;Harris to Chandimal, no run that came in off the seam, Chandimal defends it solidly to the leg side of the pitch.;
21.1;1;Harris to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run full-pitched ball wide of off stump, Mahela drives to deep cover-point for one.;
20.6;?;Christian to Chandimal, no run again, Chandimal presses forward and punches into the covers with consummate elegance.;
20.5;1;Christian to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run he gets the single away now, dabbing through to third man.;
20.4;?;Christian to Mahela Jayawardene, no run shorter length, Mahela stays back and guides behind point.;
20.3;1;Christian to Chandimal, 1 run fuller length, everything right about the way Chandimal leaned out to drive that into the covers.;
20.2;?;Christian to Chandimal, no run Chandimal stays behind a length ball to defend down the track.;
20.1;1;Christian to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run short ball angled into Mahela, who tucks it to the leg side.;
19.6;1;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run short of a length outside off, defended to the off side.;
19.5;?;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, no run Mahela is trying to play shots to almost every ball.. If anything this could prove his undoing. He tries another one of those cheeky slaps to a short ball outside off, and misses.;
19.4;1;Lee to Chandimal, 1 run short ball to Chandimal, who skips with the bounce and works it behind square.;
19.3;1;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run gets the single away now, with another push into the off side.;
19.2;4;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs thrashed, with as much grace as a thrashing can possibly have. Full-pitched outside off stump, Mahela is having an extended net at the moment, playing his shots with full freedom and no worries. He leaned out to the pitch and the ball just disappeared through the covers.;
19.1;?;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, no run short ball outside off stump, Mahela watches it sail past through to Wade.;
18.6;?;Christian to Chandimal, no run length ball on the stumps, Chandimal defends down the track.;
18.5;?;Christian to Chandimal, no run over-pitched on the stumps, Chandimal is on the front foot and drives straight to mid-off.;
18.4;4;Christian to Chandimal, FOUR runs Chandimal takes four more off Christian, waiting for a wide ball outside off to go past him before opening the face and running it expertly to third man.;
18.3;?;Christian to Chandimal, no run in the air, but Christian can't pull off a Dominic Cork. Slower ball, cross-seamed, it stopped on Chandimal who lunged out early top drive. It landed just short of Christian as he dived in his follow through.;
18.2;?;Christian to Chandimal, no run Chandimal stays back and attempts a dab to the off side, but can't get the single away.;
18.1;1;Christian to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run width to Mahela, who steers easily through the off side for a single.;
17.6;?;Lee to Chandimal, no run and beaten outside off with nifty little seam movement away from the straight. Chandimal goes fishing and misses. He can have a drink now.;
17.5;?;Lee to Chandimal, no run fuller length at 147 kph. Chandimal defends to the leg side off the front foot.;
17.4;?;Lee to Chandimal, no run short ball banged in at pace, Chandimal is hustled, he leaps and drops his wrists as it buzzes by.;
17.3;1;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run over-pitched into the stumps, worked through square leg.;
17.2;?;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, no run back of a length outside off stump, chopped to the off side carefully.;
17.1;3;Lee to Chandimal, 3 runs tries to york him but strays outside leg stump. The runs continue to flow easily here. Chandimal whips prodigiously through backward square leg.;
16.6;1;Doherty to Chandimal, 1 run tossed up on off stump, defended off the front foot.;
16.5;4;Doherty to Chandimal, FOUR runs short, pacy and wide. Shoddy bowling, and very smart batting from Chandimal who delayed the cut enough to time it well behind point.;
16.4;?;Doherty to Chandimal, no run slow and loopy on off stump, Chandimal defends gingerly off the front foot.;
16.3;?;Doherty to Chandimal, no run flighted outside off stump, Chandimal leans out to defend.;
16.2;1;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run back of a length outside off, chopped away through backward point for one.;
16.1;2;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, 2 runs majestic from Mahela, skips out to the flight and launches Doherty languidly over the mid-on fielder. Big effort from Harris running back, keeps it to two.;
15.6;2;Christian to Chandimal, 2 runs short ball, Chandimal cuts hard and into the ground. A half stop at cover saves the boundary, but he comes back for the second.;
15.5;?;Christian to Chandimal, no run fuller length, Chandimal leans out and drives confidently to mid-on.;
15.4;?;Christian to Chandimal, no run back of a length now, Chandimal tries to nudge to leg but can't get it away.;
15.3;?;Christian to Chandimal, no run better line on a good length, defended to the off side.;
15.2;4;Christian to Chandimal, FOUR runs Chandimal encashes a gift certificate to get his first four. Christian slips another one down the leg side, and Chandimal's glance did enough to deflect it away from Wade's reach.;
15.1;?;Christian to Chandimal, no run Christian angles into the pads, Chandimal was looking to play to the leg side and missed Struck on the pads, but sliding down the leg surely.;
14.6;?;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, no run Mahela leans out and defends to the off side again.;
14.5;?;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, no run full ball outside off, Mahela defends watchfully.;
14.4;1;Doherty to Chandimal, 1 run chips out, gets too close to the pitch and squeezes it away wide of mid-on.;
14.3;?;Doherty to Chandimal, no run Chandimal leans out and defends to the off side.;
14.2;?;Doherty to Chandimal, no run full ball, draws Chandimal forward and defends.;
14.1;?;Doherty to Chandimal, no run on a length outside off, Chandimal negotiates defensively.;
13.6;1;Christian to Chandimal, 1 run Christian gets this to shape in through the air, Chandimal works it off the front off his pads to backward square leg for one.;
13.5;W;Christian to Sangakkara, OUT They should really consider renaming this series the Run-out and Leading edge series. Sanga has perished against the run of play, twinkling a leading edge straight to backward point. Christian's trundler angled across at no pace, and did nothing off the pitch. Sanga tried nudging to leg and turned the face too soon. Mistake. Should have really been playing it through the off side with the angle.;Kumar Sangakkara c Warner b Christian 22 (24m 22b 2x4 0x6) SR: 100;
13.4;1;Christian to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run back of a length outside Mahela's off stump, he chops it behind point for one.;
13.3;1;Christian to Sangakkara, 1 run Sanga works another one off the pads towards the leg side for one.;
13.2;1;Christian to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run length ball outside off, punched towards mid-off;
13.1;1;Christian to Sangakkara, 1 run on the pads, moves across and clip it behind square leg;
13.1;1w;Christian to Sangakkara, 1 wide starts with a ball way outside off;
12.6;2;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, 2 runs paddles this fine down the leg side, gets a couple for his efforts;
12.5;1;Doherty to Sangakkara, 1 run carved towards sweeper cover for a single;
12.4;?;Doherty to Sangakkara, no run length ball goes on with the arm outside off, Sanga was expecting it to spin back, he goes for the drive, the ball ball goes past the outside edge;
12.3;1;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run tossed up and that is driven towards cover;
12.2;?;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, no run on leg stump this time, blocked towards midwicket;
12.1;?;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, no run length ball heading for off stump, defended off the front foot to the off side;
11.6;?;Christian to Sangakkara, no run back of a length ball on middle and off, defended back towards the bowler;
11.5;?;Christian to Sangakkara, no run short of length ball outside off, Sanga steers it towards backward point;
11.4;1;Christian to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run innovative from Mahela, shuffles across and paddles a leg stump delivery towards fine leg;
11.3;1;Christian to Sangakkara, 1 run short of length ball on off stump, guided towards backward point;
11.2;?;Christian to Sangakkara, no run;
11.1;3;Christian to Mahela Jayawardene, 3 runs superbly timed by Mahela, just a push off the front foot after Christian overpitches, the ball speeds away down the ground, nearly to the rope, but is cut off by a dive, doesn't prevent Mahela from reaching his half-century;
10.6;1;Harris to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run full ball on leg stump is nudged behind square by Mahela to end a good over for Sri Lanka;
10.5;1;Harris to Sangakkara, 1 run another graceful shot, this time towards extra cover for a single;
10.4;4;Harris to Sangakkara, FOUR runs slightly overpitched, around off stump, Sanga skips across and cracks that wide of midwicket for four, lovely stroke that;
10.3;?;Harris to Sangakkara, no run length ball just outside off, defended solidly by Sangakkara;
10.2;2;Harris to Sangakkara, 2 runs risky shot that, carves that over cover for a couple;
10.1;?;Harris to Sangakkara, no run drives elegantly, but with great timing but not quite the best placement, a diving stop at short cover means it is a dot ball;
9.6;1;Hilfenhaus to Sangakkara, 1 run full pitched on off stump, Sanga drives hard into the covers and gets the single;
9.5;1;Hilfenhaus to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run back of a length on the stumps, defended by Mahela to the leg side.;
9.4;1;Hilfenhaus to Sangakkara, 1 run Sanga opens the face and guides with the angle to third man for a single.;
9.3;2;Hilfenhaus to Sangakkara, 2 runs Sanga pings the gaps in the covers again, doesn't time it that well so he gets a single. Wade misses the return in the sun that's blazing now into his eyes. No signs of darkness at 7.15 PM.;
9.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Sangakkara, no run keeps it tight on off and middle, Sanga defends to the leg side now.;
9.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Sangakkara, no run back of a length outside off, Sanga defends to the off side.;
8.6;?;Harris to Mahela Jayawardene, no run short of a length, Mahela covers the line and defends it well.;
8.5;3;Harris to Sangakkara, 3 runs on the pads now, Sanga whips efficiently and Sri Lanka's veterans are quick enough to get three ...;
8.4;?;Harris to Sangakkara, no run back of a length outside off, Sanga opens the face and drops it to the off side.;
8.3;4;Harris to Sangakkara, FOUR runs Sanga on a song-a! What a glorious stroke to play on a ground so pretty in the evening sun ... Full-pitched wide of off stump, Sanga leans out and smokes it through the covers.;
8.2;1;Harris to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run angled into the pads, worked gingerly to the leg side.;
8.1;?;Harris to Mahela Jayawardene, no run full ball on middle to Mahela, who drives it back crisply. Harris gets his hand down to stop it.;
7.6;W;Hilfenhaus to Dilshan, OUT that's the end of Dilshan. Australia stick to the short-ball strategy for him, Dilshan takes on Hilfenhaus' bumper and pulls it in the air. He ends up timing it too well, straight to the man back at deep square leg.;Tillakaratne Dilshan c Forrest b Hilfenhaus 3 (32m 9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
7.5;2;Hilfenhaus to Dilshan, 2 runs Dilshan is away now with a sprightly square drive as he cracks open the wrists to power the ball square for two.;
7.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Dilshan, no run back of a length outside off, he looks to steal a single but can't put it away.;
7.3;1;Hilfenhaus to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run on the pads, worked to the leg side for one.;
7.2;4;Hilfenhaus to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs boundaries are flying everywhere, the 50 is up. Mahela under-edges a cut and it goes straight down to the right of Clarke at slip and once it passed him, it was always going to be four.;
7.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Mahela Jayawardene, no run short of a length, Hilf hustles Mahela with pace at 147 kph and he can't get it away off the pads.;
6.6;1;Harris to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run and he keeps strike again! Stays back and drops a short ball towards backward point and gets the single.;
6.5;4;Harris to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs Harris' lack of pace (relative to Lee and Hilf) is making him easy prey here.. Listless length ball at 130 kph, Mahela jumps out of the crease and crashes him with one telling swing through the covers.;
6.4;?;Harris to Mahela Jayawardene, no run good comeback, good length and on the off stump line., Mahela was shaping for another big shot, but adjusted well to defend.;
6.3;2;Harris to Mahela Jayawardene, 2 runs Mahela canters out of the crease, opens up the off side and powers a length ball over cover-point. SL are flying here.;
6.2;?;Harris to Mahela Jayawardene, no run that kept low. 136 kph, short ball though not entirely a half-tracker. Mahela tried to play a guiding pull and the ball slipped through below the bat.;
6.1;2;Harris to Mahela Jayawardene, 2 runs Mahela continues to play his shots. A length ball outside off, he leans across and eases it through cover-point for two more.;
5.6;1;Hilfenhaus to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run looks to drive away from the body now and gets a thick outside edge to third man.;
5.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Mahela Jayawardene, no run full pitched outside off, Mahela is literally flowing into these drives. Doesn't pierce the covers this time.;
5.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Mahela Jayawardene, no run 146 kph and coming in towards the pads as Mahela looks to stay in the crease and play it square. Can't get it away.;
5.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Mahela Jayawardene, no run fuller length ball on the stumps, Mahela works it across the line to mid-on.;
5.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Mahela Jayawardene, no run back of a length outside off, Mahela stays back and chops it to the off side.;
5.1;1lb;Hilfenhaus to Dilshan, 1 leg bye full ball slipping down towards leg, Dilshan misses the flick and it goes off the pad to the off side. Dilshan has 1 off 6 in this fireworks display!;
4.6;4;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs he's toying with Lee at the moment. Short again, not wide enough for the square cut, and Mahela responds with a dainty little upper cut over the head of the slip fielder.;
4.5;2;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, 2 runs and again. Short and wide, Mahela cracks it with full control through backward point. This is a rousing start.;
4.4;2;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, 2 runs more cautious with the steer this time. Uses Lee's pace well and picks up two behind point.;
4.3;?;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, no run he's looking to hit almost everything. Short and wide outside off, he again looks to carve over the off side. This time he is beaten by the pace.;
4.2;6;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, SIX runs we've seen some shots today, but none better than this. Length ball from Lee, steams in at pace and Mahela steps across and lofts it with the angle clean and mighty over deep midwicket. Spanked with authority.;
4.1;?;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, no run slow full toss from Lee, Mahela laboriously drives into the covers but can't get the single.;
3.6;1;Hilfenhaus to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run too straight again, Mahela nudges it with the angle to square leg for a single.;
3.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Mahela Jayawardene, no run better line, cuts off the width and Mahela defends.;
3.4;4;Hilfenhaus to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs 148 kph, short and wide enough outside off for Mahela to throw his bat at. The thick outside edge flies past the lone slip to the third man boundary.;
3.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Mahela Jayawardene, no run full ball outside off, Mahela drives to the left of mid-off;
3.2;1lb;Hilfenhaus to Dilshan, 1 leg bye too straight, Dilshan flicks through square leg for a single.;
3.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Dilshan, no run 146 kph, Hilfy is cranking it up now. That angled in off the straight and cramped up Dilshan as he set himself up for an ill-advised steer to the off side.;
2.6;?;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, no run back of a length outside off at 145 kph, Mahela defends to cover.;
2.5;?;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, no run over-pitched on the stumps, Mahela slots it straight to mid-on.;
2.4;4;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs beaten for pace by the bouncer. Mahela is hurried into the pull and is quite late on the shot. The top edge spirals up very fine towards third man, well out of the reach of fielders.;
2.3;1;Lee to Dilshan, 1 run deja vu from the previous game. Dilshan played some rousing pulls off Lee in that match. He goes after him at the first opportunity here, but there's protection at deep square leg.;
2.2;1;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run angled in too straight, Mahela works it square and takes a single.;
2.1;?;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, no run width outside off again, Mahela moves across nicely and drives ominously into the covers.;
1.6;3;Hilfenhaus to Mahela Jayawardene, 3 runs on the pads to end an indifferent over from Hilf. Mahela tucks it crisply through midwicket and runs through for three.;
1.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Mahela Jayawardene, no run outswinger at 145 kph, Mahela has a fiddle at it as it bends away and misses. Didn't get back and across there, and just hung the bat out to dry.;
1.5;5w;Hilfenhaus to Mahela Jayawardene, 5 wide slow offcutter, slips out and goes down the leg side past Wade for five wides.;
1.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Mahela Jayawardene, no run a touch of width as Hilf swings it away. Mahela drives into the covers but finds the fielder.;
1.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Mahela Jayawardene, no run better from Mahela, stays in the crease and defends to the off side.;
1.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Mahela Jayawardene, no run ohho, Mahela leaps out and looks to bang him over the covers. Swing and a miss as the ball swings away.;
1.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Mahela Jayawardene, no run sharp swing first up, the ball curls away from the line of middle and off. Mahela defends solidly.;
0.6;?;Lee to Dilshan, no run back of a length outside off to complete the over. Dilshan forces it back down the track to the bowler.;
0.5;1;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run short ball, Mahela guides the pull down to the ground.;
0.4;?;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, no run good length, and good pace. 145 kph outside off, and Mahela defends off the front foot.;
0.3;?;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, no run back of a length, still too wide of off stump. Mahela tries to carve it square... And finds point. It's not Ponting, it is Warner.;
0.2;1b;Lee to Dilshan, 1 bye late swing from well wide of off stump. Dilshan heaves and misses and the keeper can't collect cleanly. They get the extra run before second slip can clean up.;
0.1;1;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run short and wide start from Lee. Mahela has to reach across to slap the ball square for a single.;

The sun is out, the pitch is flat and Sri Lanka are in form. So are the Aussie bowlers, so here's hoping we have an interesting second half ahead of us. Dilshan and Mahela will open again. Lee has two slips.
 Innings Start
Australia
Sri Lanka
9th Match (D/N), Hobart, Feb 24 2012, Commonwealth Bank Series
280/6
283/7
Player of the match is Mahela Jayawardene, SL
Sri Lanka won by 3 wickets (with 4 balls remaining)
