Data
What a mess that was from Australia. All out with more than 15 overs unused. Most of the wickets handed on a plate to England. Spin again did plenty of damage and Sam Curran came back very nicely from an expensive start. Travis Head looked in good touch again before failing to convert, Alex Carey showed promise and D'Arcy Short did his best, but it was pretty dismal really. The innings has ended so swiftly that England will start their chase before the interval. Alan will be with you in a few minutes for that.
34.4;W;Ali to Stanlake, OUT and that's all over! Stanlake plays back outside leg stump, a shortish delivery slides on with the angle from round the wicket. He's not in the same postcode and it clatters leg stump. Career-best for Moeen Ali;Billy Stanlake b Ali 2 (13b 0x4 0x6) SR: 15.38;
34.3;?;Ali to Stanlake, no run full and straight, defended;
34.2;1;Ali to Short, 1 run shorter, flatter, he rocks back and drives to deep cover;
34.1;4;Ali to Short, FOUR runs super shot...skips down the pitch and lofts this straight down the ground;
33.6;?;Rashid to Stanlake, no run a muted appeal for a bat-pad catch as this loops up and Buttler hops around to collection;
33.5;?;Rashid to Stanlake, no run beaten again, lunging forward at a googly;
33.4;?;Rashid to Stanlake, no run that beats him, a googly slides past the outside edge as he plays back;
33.3;1;Rashid to Short, 1 run connects nicely with the sweep but goes one bounce to the man at deep square;
33.3;1w;Rashid to Short, 1 wide goes for the sweep, doesn't make contact, bobbles around Buttler's gloves and is given a wide;
33.2;1;Rashid to Stanlake, 1 run full outside off, driven into the covers, parried away by Morgan and it allows Stanlake off strike;
33.1;?;Rashid to Stanlake, no run on the stumps, flicked to the leg side;
32.6;?;Ali to Short, no run can't get the strike back, fired in quickly by Moeen and Short bunts it back to the bowler;
32.5;1;Ali to Stanlake, 1 run dragged down short, driven straight down the ground but mid-on is able to get across;
32.4;?;Ali to Stanlake, no run driven into the off side;
32.3;?;Ali to Stanlake, no run goes back to a shortish delivery and plays to mid-on;
32.2;1;Ali to Short, 1 run down the pitch, makes it into a low full toss, bunted down the ground and he's frustrated it's only the single;
32.1;2;Ali to Short, 2 runs round the wicket, angled into the stumps, he rocks back and places this nicely square through the off side;
31.6;?;Rashid to Stanlake, no run full at the pads, tucked to the leg side. Purely survival for Stanlake;
31.5;?;Rashid to Stanlake, no run full outside off, he stretches forward and defends to backward point;
31.4;?;Rashid to Stanlake, no run full outside leg, prods forward with bat and pad;
31.3;W;Rashid to Lyon, OUT and he's done him! Skids through slowly, Lyon goes back to play the pull, doesn't make contact and that's right in front although Lyon, at the last moment, calls the review. Don't think so, Nathan. His back leg is bent right in front of the stumps. Smashing leg stump.;Nathan Lyon lbw b Rashid 1 (10b 0x4 0x6) SR: 10;
31.2;1;Rashid to Short, 1 run nudged off the pads into midwicket;
31.1;?;Rashid to Short, no run full and straight, driven to mid-off on the edge of the circle;
30.6;?;Sam Curran to Lyon, no run back over the wicket, slides another past Lyon's bat as this goes across him on the angle. Very nice bowling;
30.5;?;Sam Curran to Lyon, no run beats him again! Goes wide on the crease from round the wicket, angled in full outside, Lyon goes for the drive;
30.4;?;Sam Curran to Lyon, no run round the wicket, beats the outside edge with a short-of-a-length delivery which angles in;
30.3;1;Sam Curran to Short, 1 run picks this up off his pads, it's in the air for a while but falls short of deep square as Bairstow runs in;
30.2;4;Sam Curran to Short, FOUR runs good shot, drives on the up through the line and sends this racing wide of mid-off;
30.1;?;Sam Curran to Short, no run appeal for a catch down the leg side, given not out and England have used up their review;
29.6;?;Rashid to Lyon, no run there's an appeal for lbw and then the catch...Root takes it at slip. Given not out for both and England review. The lbw looks outside the line. Was there an edge? There is a spike on Snicko. But was it bat hitting ground? Third umpire reckons so. I'm not so sure, but evidence has to be conclusive. The lbw was also well outside off, so England lose their review;
29.5;?;Rashid to Lyon, no run attempts another sweep, the delivery is out as full, he misses and gets taken on the body;
29.4;1;Rashid to Short, 1 run tucked off the pads to deep midwicket;
29.3;1;Rashid to Lyon, 1 run he sweeps from outside off to deep square leg;
29.2;1;Rashid to Short, 1 run worked off the stumps, straight of midwicket and down the ground;
29.1;?;Rashid to Short, no run short of a length, he plays back and angles it to point;
28.6;?;Sam Curran to Lyon, no run this one beats him for sure, attempts a drive at a fuller delivery and it scoots past the edge;
28.5;?;Sam Curran to Lyon, no run nicely bowled, fuller and outside off, slides past the bat although Lyon may have pulled the bat inside the line;
28.4;?;Sam Curran to Lyon, no run back of a length at middle and leg, defended to the on side;
28.3;1;Sam Curran to Short, 1 run gets a yorker in, straight, dug out down the ground;
28.2;2;Sam Curran to Short, 2 runs full at the stumps, the bat twists in his hands as he works it through the leg side but he's able to get back to retain the strike;
28.1;?;Sam Curran to Short, no run good length, angled into the pads, worked into midwicket;
27.6;W;Rashid to Kane Richardson, OUT another run out? Yes, he's gone! The ball deflected off the pad to short fine leg, there was all sorts of confusion over the ball. Richardson eventually turned to get back. Brings out the dive but it's not enough. His bat is on the line (and in the air). An excellent take by Buttler, in front of the stumps, on the half volley;Kane Richardson run out (Ali/?Buttler) 14 (16b 0x4 1x6) SR: 87.5;
27.5;6;Rashid to Kane Richardson, SIX runs that's a hefty thump! Picks up a full delivery from outside off and swings it over the long-on boundary;
27.4;?;Rashid to Kane Richardson, no run plays back to another legspinner, pushed to the off side;
27.3;?;Rashid to Kane Richardson, no run gets forward to a leg-break, defends;
27.2;2;Rashid to Kane Richardson, 2 runs lofts a full, straight delivery over midwicket;
27.1;1;Rashid to Short, 1 run full outside leg stump, swept to deep square leg;
26.6;1;Sam Curran to Short, 1 run length ball at off stump, worked to long-on;
26.5;?;Sam Curran to Short, no run full at off stump, driven back to the bowler, Curran sticks out his right hand;
26.4;4;Sam Curran to Short, FOUR runs gets this one away, short outside off, back cuts it between point and short third man;
26.3;1;Sam Curran to Kane Richardson, 1 run out with a hit! Australia all over the shop. Was a shorter delivery, defended into backward point, they went through the run and Roy couldn't hit direct;
26.2;?;Sam Curran to Kane Richardson, no run good length outside off, defended to backward point;
26.1;1;Sam Curran to Short, 1 run spears in a leg-stump yorker, deflects off the pad behind square...actually, there's some bat involved;
25.6;?;Rashid to Kane Richardson, no run goes back again and plays all over the top of a delivery that slides on outside off;
25.5;?;Rashid to Kane Richardson, no run very full, at the stumps, jabbed to the off side;
25.4;?;Rashid to Kane Richardson, no run goes back and pushes into the covers;
25.3;?;Rashid to Kane Richardson, no run plays back to quite a full delivery and defends;
25.2;?;Rashid to Kane Richardson, no run pushed to mid-on;
25.1;2;Rashid to Kane Richardson, 2 runs just out of reach! Plunkett got finger tips to it. Richardson went after a flighted leg-break, aiming down the ground, the turn means it gets a thick outside edge which loops high towards mid-off. Plunkett can't quite make the ground;
24.6;1;Sam Curran to Kane Richardson, 1 run touch of extra bounce, short of a length at off stump, it's well played as he takes his bottom hand off the bat and runs it to third man;
24.6;1w;Sam Curran to Kane Richardson, 1 wide a bouncer, sails over Richardson's head, called a wide;
24.5;2;Sam Curran to Kane Richardson, 2 runs that's a little lazy by midwicket, Richardson gets inside the line of a back-of-a-length delivery and flicks to the leg side. Should have been stopped;
24.4;?;Sam Curran to Kane Richardson, no run back of a length outside off, defended with an open face to backward point;
24.3;W;Sam Curran to Agar, OUT oh my goodness! He's left a straight one It goes from bad to worse for Australia. He's shoulder arms to a delivery that has hit middle and off. Unbelievable. He must have thought it was going to swing away. It certainly didn't. Would even have been too close to leave if he had moved! Jeepers;Ashton Agar b Curran 0 (2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
24.2;?;Sam Curran to Agar, no run full and straight, defended to the leg side;
24.1;W;Sam Curran to Carey, OUT strikes first ball! Back of a length outside off, Carey has a nibble and it's a thin edge to Buttler. Just trying to steer it to third man. A maiden ODI wicket for Sam Curran;Alex Carey c ?Buttler b Curran 44 (40b 5x4 1x6) SR: 110;
23.6;1;Rashid to Carey, 1 run that's a big full toss but only costs as a single as it's swept to deep square;
23.5;4;Rashid to Carey, FOUR runs full outside leg stump, poor delivery, Carey puts it away with a sweep wide of short fine leg;
23.4;?;Rashid to Carey, no run full and straight, flicked back to the bowler;
23.3;2;Rashid to Carey, 2 runs very full, pushed through the covers with an open face and good placement allows the second;
23.2;?;Rashid to Carey, no run full at off stump, defended;
23.1;3;Rashid to Short, 3 runs full at middle and leg, this is very nicely timed through midwicket with a strong flick, Hales just manages to stop the boundary. Fifty stand;
22.6;4;Root to Carey, FOUR runs some width outside off this time and it's beautifully driven through the covers, wide of the sweeper;
22.5;6;Root to Carey, SIX runs that's a strong shot down the ground...Root gets too full, Carey pumps it straight back over his head;
22.4;1;Root to Short, 1 run touch shorter on off stump, pushed to deep cover;
22.3;1;Root to Carey, 1 run gets down and across to off stump, sweeps firmly to deep square leg;
22.2;1;Root to Short, 1 run full and straight, flicked to long-on;
22.1;1;Root to Carey, 1 run almost another run out! He pressed forward, worked a full delivery through midwicket, Carey turned for the second but it wasn't on and he needed to get the dive out;
21.6;?;Rashid to Short, no run back and across, it's a length ball outside off, played back to the bowler;
21.5;?;Rashid to Short, no run full, driven in the air, just wide of cover and mid-off gets across;
21.4;?;Rashid to Short, no run works this from off stump into midwicket;
21.3;1;Rashid to Carey, 1 run shovels a shorter delivery out to deep square leg;
21.2;?;Rashid to Carey, no run full at the stumps, driven to mid-off;
21.1;1;Rashid to Short, 1 run full outside leg, swept behind square;
20.6;1;Root to Short, 1 run this grips! Short gets squared up as he plays back, the leading edge runs into the point area;
20.5;1;Root to Carey, 1 run plays this very late, cuts it off the stumps to short third man;
20.4;1;Root to Short, 1 run driven past cover down to long-off;
20.3;1;Root to Carey, 1 run short of a length, tucked through midwicket;
20.2;1;Root to Short, 1 run slower through the air, pushed down to long-on;
20.1;?;Root to Short, no run round the wicket, a firm sweep picks out Rashid at short fine leg;
19.6;?;Rashid to Carey, no run very full at off stump, a wristy flick finds midwicket;
19.5;?;Rashid to Carey, no run good length, waits this to turn a touch, plays to the on side;
19.4;1;Rashid to Short, 1 run touch shorter, he goes onto the back foot and pushes into the covers;
19.3;?;Rashid to Short, no run full and straight, nudged back down the pitch;
19.2;1;Rashid to Carey, 1 run gets down and sweeps this from leg stump to deep square;
19.1;?;Rashid to Carey, no run over the wicket, driven to cover;
18.6;1;Ali to Carey, 1 run full at the stumps, driven firmly just to the right of Moeen who can't quite get down to it;
18.5;1;Ali to Short, 1 run comes forward and this takes a thick inside edge to the leg side;
18.4;?;Ali to Short, no run full at middle and leg, defended to the on side;
18.3;?;Ali to Short, no run back of a length, driven to cover;
18.2;2;Ali to Short, 2 runs places it through the off side from the back foot, out to deep cover;
18.1;?;Ali to Short, no run plays back and pushes to the bowler;
17.6;1;Plunkett to Short, 1 run comes round the wicket, he chases a delivery with some width, gets a bottom edge which isn't a million miles from the stumps;
17.5;4;Plunkett to Short, FOUR runs ah, having said how good it was, this one is offered up full and with some width, Short throws his hands through a handsome drive;
17.4;?;Plunkett to Short, no run good stuff from Plunkett, no width on offer, back of a length and pushed to cover;
17.3;?;Plunkett to Short, no run full at off stump, driven firmly to short cover;
17.2;?;Plunkett to Short, no run touch shorter, straight, played into backward point;
17.1;?;Plunkett to Short, no run back of a length at middle and off, defended to backward point;
16.6;1;Ali to Short, 1 run tossed up full, Short stuns a drive down the ground to long-off;
16.5;?;Ali to Short, no run flat offbreak on off stump, blocked from the crease;
16.4;1;Ali to Carey, 1 run tossed up straight and turned square for a single;
16.3;4;Ali to Carey, FOUR runs quick delivery outside off, Carey goes across early and telegraphs his intention to ramp the ball, Buttler moves outside leg... but the flick beats him to his left, just a thick edge really but it runs away to fine leg for another boundary;
16.2;2;Ali to Carey, 2 runs angled in flatter and this is nudged with good placement into a gap on the leg side;
16.1;4;Ali to Carey, FOUR runs floated up full and Carey takes on the slog-sweep, cleanly struck over midwicket and it bounces away for four - nicely done;
15.6;?;Plunkett to Short, no run shorter, Short stays back and dabs the ball towards point;
15.5;?;Plunkett to Short, no run over the wicket, on a good length, 82mph and punched to extra cover;
15.4;1;Plunkett to Carey, 1 run round the wicket, touch short and Carey glides another single to third man;
15.3;1;Plunkett to Short, 1 run length ball around fourth stump, Short comes forward and strokes his first run through cover;
15.3;1w;Plunkett to Short, 1 wide back of a length, but down the leg side;
15.2;?;Plunkett to Short, no run comes across and pushes towards cover point from the crease;
15.1;1;Plunkett to Carey, 1 run bit of width, Carey opens the face and runs a single to third man;
14.6;1;Ali to Carey, 1 run floated up full and worked for a single into the on side;
14.5;?;Ali to Carey, no run shouts of interest as Carey gets an inside edge on to his pads;
14.4;?;Ali to Carey, no run tossed up and flicked back down the ground;
14.3;?;Ali to Carey, no run comes forward and taps back defensively;
14.2;?;Ali to Carey, no run pushed through and steered square on the off side;
14.1;W;Ali to Paine, OUT brilliant from Buttler! Dropped into the leg side, this is another tight single... and Buttler has raced after it and superbly thrown down the stumps at the bowler's end! Paine has run himself out, but it took some brilliant work from his rival stumper: scampering to his left, picking up and turning to throw unsighted, the ball just flicking off the bails - stupendous stuff!;Tim Paine run out (?Buttler) 1 (2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
13.6;?;Plunkett to Carey, no run length ball, closes the face and turns to midwicket;
13.5;?;Plunkett to Carey, no run on the stumps, Carey gets into line;
13.4;1;Plunkett to Paine, 1 run dabbed down into the off side and they hurry through for a single to get Paine off the mark;
13.4;1w;Plunkett to Paine, 1 wide speared down the leg side;
13.3;1;Plunkett to Carey, 1 run length, 81mph and this pops up, likely another cross-seamer and Carey pops a drive through cover point;
13.2;?;Plunkett to Carey, no run shortish, Carey tries to open the face and run a single, clips the inside edge and ricochets into the body but falls safely;
13.1;?;Plunkett to Carey, no run back of a length, pushed across from over the wicket and left alone;
12.6;W;Ali to Marsh, OUT Marsh reaches forward, overbalances and Buttler whips off the bails - is that a stumping...? Yes, superb bit of work from the keeper, Marsh's foot clearly dangling in the air as his weight went too far forwards; Moeen has a third, spinning it past the outside edge, and Australia in real trouble!;Shaun Marsh st ?Buttler b Ali 8 (12b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
12.5;1;Ali to Carey, 1 run straighter, flicked into the leg side;
12.5;1w;Ali to Carey, 1 wide tossed up and turning a touch, but that's wide of the tramlines;
12.4;?;Ali to Carey, no run pushed through and tapped into the covers;
12.3;4;Ali to Carey, FOUR runs nicely done, Carey gets front on and reverse-sweeps hard past backward point for four - nice way to get off the mark;
12.2;?;Ali to Carey, no run floated up full on middle and off, Carey presses forward to block;
12.1;1;Ali to Marsh, 1 run sliding in with the arm, Marsh works it down to long-on;
11.6;?;Plunkett to Carey, no run full, quite wide of the stumps, Carey lets it go;
11.5;W;Plunkett to Head, OUT on the body, Head is tucked up and loops the ball straight to midwicket! He looks at his bat in frustration, Head falls after making an attractive fifty once again... Plunkett's modus operandi pays off, maybe bounced a bit more than expected and it was a simple catch for Morgan;Travis Head c Morgan b Plunkett 56 (42b 9x4 0x6) SR: 133.33;
11.4;4;Plunkett to Head, FOUR runs short, 81mph but too leg side and Head only needs to get a scrape of bat to send it fine off the pads for four;
11.3;?;Plunkett to Head, no run angled across, Head steers towards point;
11.2;1;Plunkett to Marsh, 1 run goes over the wicket now, cross-seam delivery and it skids on as Marsh defends into the ground in front of the stumps, they steal the one;
11.1;2;Plunkett to Marsh, 2 runs round the wicket, short of a length and nudged to leg for a couple;
10.6;1;Ali to Marsh, 1 run flighted, Marsh gets forward on off stump and strokes one down the ground to long-off;
10.5;?;Ali to Marsh, no run tossed up and punched to extra cover on the front foot;
10.4;1;Ali to Head, 1 run flat delivery outside off, Head drops back and cuts one to the cover sweeper;
10.3;1;Ali to Marsh, 1 run angled in and Marsh clips one more to leg;
10.2;1;Ali to Head, 1 run pushed through on the stumps and worked against the spin;
10.1;?;Ali to Head, no run on the stumps, Head drills it back to the bowler;
9.6;?;Ball to Marsh, no run dug in and Marsh prods back defensively on the leg side;
9.5;1;Ball to Head, 1 run short, angled across outside off, Head rocks back and ramps one down to third man... That's his half-century, third of the series for Head. Another rapid effort, too, from 36 balls. Can he go on today?;
9.4;1;Ball to Marsh, 1 run back of a length once again and Marsh works it to midwicket where Ball has to give chase;
9.3;1;Ball to Head, 1 run short on the body and Head nudges a single square;
9.2;?;Ball to Head, no run tighter line, goes back and across to defend;
9.1;4;Ball to Head, FOUR runs slightly short and wide, Head whips his hands quickly through a late cut, gets it away for another boundary behind point;
8.6;1;Ali to Head, 1 run angled in and Head is happy to pat the single down the ground;
8.5;?;Ali to Head, no run floated up and pushed away defensively on the front foot;
8.4;1;Ali to Marsh, 1 run sliding on to the pads, Marsh gets off the mark with a nurdle to backward square;
8.3;1;Ali to Head, 1 run flat delivery, Head comes out again and dabs into a gap;
8.2;4;Ali to Head, FOUR runs Head charges down this time, gets to the pitch and whumps a straight drive down the ground to long-off;
8.1;?;Ali to Head, no run pushed through and defended on off;
7.6;?;Ball to Marsh, no run stays back in the crease and defends;
7.5;1;Ball to Head, 1 run slower ball, the offcutter from ball and Head spoons a leading edge up and over the bowler! Lands safely between mid-off and mid-on for a single, too;
7.4;?;Ball to Head, no run back of a length, 83mph and flicked to short fine leg on the bounce;
7.3;?;Ball to Head, no run full again, this time Head skims his drive to cover;
7.2;4;Ball to Head, FOUR runs overptiched, in the slot outside off, Head throws the hands through a rasping square drive and beats the dive of point for four;
7.1;?;Ball to Head, no run short of a length and nudged for one;
6.6;?;Ali to Marsh, no run flatter, on the pads but works to short fine leg;
6.5;W;Ali to Stoinis, OUT oh, what's he done...? Stoinis falls second ball, swept without timing straight to short fine leg! Good running catch from Ball, England have another. You could see what Stoinis was trying to do, but it was poorly executed, having barely had a sighter; two in three balls for Moeen;Marcus Stoinis c Ball b Ali 0 (2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
6.4;?;Ali to Stoinis, no run flat on off stump, Stoinis shows it a straight bat;
6.3;W;Ali to Finch, OUT got him, Moeen strikes - snuck through into the timber! What a good series he's having, this just gripped and spun, cramping Finch as he swung across the line, clipped the bottom edge and then rattled the stumps;Aaron Finch b Ali 22 (17b 3x4 1x6) SR: 129.41;
6.2;1;Ali to Head, 1 run tossed up, gets a slight leading edge through mid-off for one;
6.1;1;Ali to Finch, 1 run over the wicket, spinning in to hit the front pad as Finch reverse-sweeps... Buttler bellows an lbw appeal, but I think there was some glove on it;
5.6;1;Ball to Finch, 1 run slower ball, tucked off the pads for a single square;
5.5;?;Ball to Finch, no run is that a drop? No, I don't think it quite carried... Finch glancing uppishly towards short fine leg, Curran dived forwards but couldn't quite get his hands underneath the ball. Prevented it getting away, though;
5.4;1;Ball to Head, 1 run on the legs and flicked for one;
5.3;4;Ball to Head, FOUR runs drilled past extra cover this time! Head is liking the pace in this pitch already, just steps out and belts his fifth four;
5.2;?;Ball to Head, no run in the channel, 87mph and Head comes forward to drive, sends it to extra cover;
5.1;?;Ball to Head, no run angled across, a touch full and stroked towards mid-off;
4.6;2;Root to Finch, 2 runs floated up on off stump, bit of a miscue as Finch launches again, this plugs out towards deep extra cover for a couple;
4.5;4;Root to Finch, FOUR runs ho ho, they're not going to let Root settle today! Finch picks this up and spanks it straight back down the ground for four;
4.4;1;Root to Head, 1 run too straight, nudged off the pads towards short fine leg, they scamper the one;
4.3;4;Root to Head, FOUR runs Root drags this down, width on offer and Head cashes the cheque with a meaty thwack through backward point;
4.2;2;Root to Head, 2 runs chipped down the ground, shout of "catch!" from Root but it lands well short of long-on, who has to tumble to prevent it skipping past for four;
4.1;?;Root to Head, no run round the wicket, sliding in and defended on off;
3.6;?;Sam Curran to Finch, no run pitched up and driven, Moeen misfields at mid-off but Finch still sends Head back, think he was probably home as the throw came in;
3.5;?;Sam Curran to Finch, no run comes across and defends on off;
3.4;6;Sam Curran to Finch, SIX runs heaved over the leg side, that's sailed into the crowd at deep square! Maybe a slower ball, 75mph and Finch was aiming more down the ground... but he still got plenty on it!;
3.3;4;Sam Curran to Finch, FOUR runs now Finch gets on to the front foot and uses his muscle, bullied over extra cover for a no-nonsense four;
3.2;?;Sam Curran to Finch, no run nicely bowled, slides this across the right-hander from over the wicket, past the outside edge;
3.1;1;Sam Curran to Head, 1 run angled in, no swing and flicked through square leg;
2.6;4;Ball to Finch, FOUR runs superbly played off the pads, too straight from Ball and Finch just pings it wide of mid-on for his first boundary;
2.5;1;Ball to Head, 1 run pushed across the bows at 88mph, tapped short of mid-off for one;
2.4;4;Ball to Head, FOUR runs strays on to he pads and that is neatly played, just a flick but it's timed well and races through square to the boundary;
2.3;?;Ball to Head, no run fuller, 89mph and Head punches a drive, comes off the inside half of the bat to midwicket;
2.2;?;Ball to Head, no run straighter line and Head works into the on side;
2.1;?;Ball to Head, no run fired across, 87mph outside off and tapped into the covers;
1.6;3;Sam Curran to Head, 3 runs pitched up and drilled down the ground, Moeen gets a hand on it and mid-on but they'll pick up three;
1.5;4;Sam Curran to Head, FOUR runs drifts leg side again, that's helped firmly off the pads through backward square, beats Hales running around and runs for four;
1.4;2;Sam Curran to Head, 2 runs bit of swing, length on the pads and worked wide of mid-on for a couple;
1.4;1w;Sam Curran to Head, 1 wide slides this one down the leg side;
1.3;?;Sam Curran to Head, no run length ball, swinging a touch on off, pushed firmly to mid-on;
1.2;4;Sam Curran to Head, FOUR runs 83mph, overpitched, that's a low full toss and Head greets it with a chunky whack through cover point for the first boundary;
1.1;?;Sam Curran to Head, no run over the wicket, whirring in and looking for some away swing to Head, who defends;
0.6;?;Ball to Finch, no run short and rising over off stump, Finch defends stoutly;
0.5;1;Ball to Head, 1 run back of a length, this touches 88mph but Head calmly nudges his first delivery fine for one;
0.4;3lb;Ball to Finch, 3 leg byes short of a length on the hip, 82mph and Finch flicks it towards fine leg, where Rashid does a terrific job of cutting the ball off in front of the rope to prevent four;
0.3;?;Ball to Finch, no run angled in with the arm, Finch works this without timing to midwicket;
0.2;?;Ball to Finch, no run fuller, around off stump and punched back to the bowler;
0.1;?;Ball to Finch, no run short of a length outside off, Finch throws his hands up;
0.1;1w;Ball to Finch, 1 wide good length, shaping away a little... looked to be inside the tramlines but signalled wide;

Right, it's a beautiful day at Old Trafford, Aaron Finch is facing up, and Jake Ball as the first new ball in hand. Two slips...
10.55am: Australia did win on their last trip to Old Trafford, an eight-wicket canter in 2015, after England had chosen to bat. This England side has usually been capable of a bad day at the office - almost sackable, really - in any given series, and they were 8 for 5 in Adelaide in January, during the last series between these sides. Will that fallibility come to Australia's aid today?
"This should be the last chance for Short for quite some time," declares Marshall Raja. "He failed miserably in IPL and failed here as well. May be, he is not yet ready for International. He can always come back with little bit of experience."
Here's Peter: "Is it too early to brand the new Aussie culture a failure? I would never suggest that the Oz team has ever needed to cheat in order to win, but maybe what they have needed is their own mythos. The 'working class mongrels playing hard to beat the toffee-nosed Poms' thing. Without that, they're just another team, subject to the same strengths and weaknesses as everyone else." I suspect there will be a few asking that question when they get back home...
10.40am: So, looks like Aaron Finch and Travis Head will open again, after their century stand up at Chester-le-Street, with Short slotting in down the order. No Glenn Maxwell, who presumably hasn't recovered from the shoulder problem that kept him out of the last game. England have a much-changed attack - but it's the batting that has done the damage in this series, as far as Australia are concerned.
"Toss whitewash for AUSTRALIA!!!" squawks Sohaib. He's right, good spot... Not that it's done Paine and his boys much good. Our first whitewash of the day?
"Australia's best chance this," says James, "Jake Ball has proved time and time again he hasn't got it at this level." He's got his knockers (ooh, er), for sure - but he did stave off a spell of dizziness to help England win in Perth, on his previous ODI appearance
10.30am: Australia win the toss and bat, Tim Paine reckons it looks "a good one-day wicket" and might spin a bit later on; they have included Agar and Lyon, while Kane Richardson replaces Jhye, and D'Arcy Short is back for Michael Neser. Eoin Morgan says he would have preferred to bat first (which is unusual) but "it's a good challenge"... Perhaps England think it will get slower and lower during the day, too. They make three changes from Chester-le-Street: Sam Curran, Jake Ball and Liam Plunkett in for Wood, David Willey and Craig Overton, who has a side strain.
England 1 Jason Roy, 2 Jonny Bairstow, 3 Alex Hales, 4 Joe Root, 5 Eoin Morgan (capt), 6 Jos Buttler (wk), 7 Moeen Ali, 8 Sam Curran, 9 Liam Plunkett, 10 Adil Rashid, 11 Jake Ball
Australia 1 Aaron Finch, 2 Travis Head, 3 Shaun Marsh, 4 Marcus Stoinis, 5 D'Arcy Short, 6 Alex Carey, 7 Tim Paine (capt & wk), 8 Ashton Agar, 9 Kane Richardson, 10 Nathan Lyon, 11 Billy Stanlake.
10.15am: We'll have official news of the teams at the toss in about 15 minutes... but, word from the ground is that Sam Curran has received his ODI cap from James Anderson - so a debut for the Surrey allrounder. Will England make any more changes? If so, it'll most likely be to the attack, with Mark Wood a possibility to be rested.
Meanwhile, over on ESPN FC, the footer team have got their World Cup live blog up and running. Feel free to stick your head in.
"Hope we get to see both the Currans and both the Richardsons play this game," whoops Sooryanarayanan. Unfortunately, Tom Curran has gone home with a side strain, so we'll have to wait for our Hollioakes moment...
Here's Nick: "Are England excellent or Australia rubbish.... we will only find out after the India series. Australia not playing Finch at the top and no frontline spinner has cost them." I hate to point out Australia did play Finch at opener and include Nathan Lyon for the last game... but yes, experimentation (and a lack of experience) hasn't helped them
10am: Good morning and welcome to today's ball-by-ball chit-chat on the fifth and final one-day international. The series may be wrapped up, but there's still serious business to attend to: England are eyeing up a whitewash over Australia for the first time in history. All English eyes will be on Old Trafford - at least for a couple of hours, before Nizhny Novgorod might get a look in - as Eoin Morgan's side seek to sustain their brutal form, while Australia close their peepers and pray try to pull a performance out of the bag at the last. Andrew Miller has run the rule over both sides in his preview, while Ashton Agar has issued a very Ashton Agar rallying cry (polite, respectful); oh, and Ian Chappell has had a bit to say, too. I'm Alan Gardner, more tippy-tappy than keepy-uppy, and I'll be joined by Andrew "Gnasher" McGlashan for today's Madchester fun.
 Innings Start
6.05pm: Phew. I told you it would be a squeaker, didn't I! That's the ODI series done with, but Australia do have the chance to salvage some pride with a one-off T20 next week, before India rock up for the summer's main event. For a few days, though, England can bask in only the second ODI 5-0 sweep in their history. Dan Brettig's report is in the slot and waiting to be dispatched over long-on; Gnasher and I will be back for more soon enough. Thanks for your comments, that's a wrap for today. Cheerio, folks!
5.45pm: We've been richly entertained today, though it probably won't cheer up Australia or their captain Tim Paine much to know they contributed to a thriller. England thought they had it won with the ball, threatened to throw it away with the bat... but in the end, it was the Buttler with the Kookaburra in the middle that did it.
Anyway, let's shake out those shoulders. Time for the presentations, starting with Jos Buttler, who is named both Man of the Match and Man of the Series: [Sweeter victory after that?] "Yeah it does, we were determined to come and and try and win 5-0, we bowled well but didn't quite do it with the bat. We just needed a partnership, once of the great strengths of this side is the depth in the batting, we kept chipping away, knew that if we got through the tricky periods we'd get out the other side. [Ball at the end?] I did say if it's two we'll run and then charged down first ball, but great guts to see out those balls. [Where prefer to bat - starting with T20 on Weds?] It's enjoyable when you're playing well, just hoping for another win."
Australia captain Tim Paine: "That one stung, we've been taught a lesson from a world class outfit. [Anything you could have done differently?] We could have got a couple more wickets, we had them under pressure, Rashid and Jos played well and we didn't get enough balls in the right area. When we've been under pressure we haven't produced. We bowled a touch wide, but they played outstandingly well. [Was 205 enough?] I thought we were in trouble at halfway, our bowlers came out and committed really well to what we spoke about. But again, once we're under pressure, we folded, if we're honest. Today we saw Alex Carey and D'Arcy Short play really well after the senior players let us down, Billy Stanlake and Ashton Agar showed some real talent. [Captaincy, wicketkeeping, etc?] It's been difficult, but that goes with the job. When I came back in the Test side I tried to enjoy it, I probably let the pressure of this series get to me a little bit, if I'm honest."
England captain Eoin Morgan: "Massive positives to take, when times are tough and not enough of us have turned up, we bat all the way down the order and it means only one of us has to come off. Today Jos was quite mesmerising, playing with the lower order, we're very proud of what he did. He's come back form the IPL having dominated, he's forced his way back into the Test team, and he's a key part of our white-ball team. [Pleased to win or disappointed with manner?] We'd be naive to think we shouldn't ask questions, fact we won is a bonus, but we have to be honest about hew we went about it. That performance is not what we want to replicate. The bowling has come a long way, the game at Trent Bridge was pretty special and how we fought back today was awesome. [Crowd happy with 5-0] Great atmosphere, fantastic support in Manchester, thanks for coming out and being absolutely brilliant, our 12th man today."
5.35pm: That is one of the great one-day innings from Jos Buttler, his sixth hundred and undoubtedly the one he has sweated most over. He leapt and punched the air as the ball disappeared to the rope, having almost single-handedly bailed out his side; England's next-highest score was 20! Credit to Adil Rashid for playing sensibly during a ninth-wicket stand worth 81 - although his blip threatened to give Australia a way back in - but that one goes on Buttler's mantelpiece. It's the first time Buttler has face 100 balls in an ODI, and what a day to do so. From 27 for 4, 50 for 5 and 114 for 8, England somehow clawed their way over the line to seal their first five-match series sweep over Australia.
48.3;4;Stoinis to Buttler, FOUR runs driven on the up, he gets it through the ring at cover - and England win by one wicket to claim a 5-0 whitewash! A fabulous innings from Buttler, he finishes 110 not out, and finishes Australia's hopes of a consolation win at the last;
48.2;?;Stoinis to Buttler, no run back of a length outside off, Paine is up and Buttler defends;
48.1;?;Stoinis to Buttler, no run shortish, 78mph on the hip and Buttler clips it to the sweeper... but this time refuses the one;
47.6;1;Kane Richardson to Buttler, 1 run low full toss, Buttler whacks it through mid-off for an easy single with the man back;
47.5;1;Kane Richardson to Ball, 1 run full, angling in and Ball flicks it off his pads, wide of fine leg... and they take the single! Buttler back on strike, but he's only got one delivery left in the over;
47.4;?;Kane Richardson to Ball, no run good length, wide of the stumps, Ball reaches for it and taps to point;
47.3;?;Kane Richardson to Ball, no run full, 82mph and aiming for the blockhole, Ball bunts it firmly to extra cover!;
47.2;?;Kane Richardson to Ball, no run pitched up, tailing in a touch, Ball blocks it;
47.1;1;Kane Richardson to Buttler, 1 run pitched up and driven, he's looking for two wide of long-off... but it's struck too firmly, they'll only get one!;
46.6;?;Agar to Ball, no run defended back on off stump! Ball sees out a maiden - now it's over to Buttler;
46.5;?;Agar to Ball, no run angled in, Ball watches this closely and nudges it off his pad... he almost goes for the run before realising he just has to keep one more delivery out!;
46.4;?;Agar to Ball, no run flat and skipping on with the arm, defended on off stump;
46.3;?;Agar to Ball, no run full on off, Ball jams his bat down and squirts it to cover;
46.2;?;Agar to Ball, no run lobbed up on leg stump, hits the pad as he prods at the ball;
46.1;?;Agar to Ball, no run pushed through quickly outside off, play and a miss from Ball!;
45.6;6;Stoinis to Buttler, SIX runs smashed down the ground, that's a huuuuuuuuuuuge six! Buttler slams a mighty blow back over everyone's head to go to his century! England need 5, but Ball will have to face the next over!;
45.5;W;Stoinis to Rashid, OUT oh, my word, where's this going...? Stanlake takes the catch running in at fine leg! Australia have separated the ninth-wicket pair, with 11 runs still needed! Whipped across the line, again the bottom hand took over but he got a leading/top edge that somehow went swirling over his shoulder, Stanlake had to compose himself but took it well plunging forwards!;Adil Rashid c Stanlake b Stoinis 20 (47b 0x4 0x6) SR: 42.55;
45.4;?;Stoinis to Rashid, no run tight lines and defended again;
45.3;?;Stoinis to Rashid, no run on the stumps, Rashid shows it a straight bat;
45.2;1;Stoinis to Buttler, 1 run pitched up and driven through the covers on the front foot;
45.1;?;Stoinis to Buttler, no run wicket-to-wicket with the keeper up, Buttler blocks to leg;
44.6;?;Agar to Rashid, no run Rashid defends once more - sees out a maiden!;
44.5;?;Agar to Rashid, no run angled in straight, again Rashid plunges on to the front foot and smothers it;
44.4;?;Agar to Rashid, no run tight lines, pushed through on the stumps, Rashid defends again;
44.3;?;Agar to Rashid, no run flighted, this spins a touch, hits the inside edge as Rashid props forward;
44.2;?;Agar to Rashid, no run pushed through outside off, guided towards backward point;
44.1;?;Agar to Rashid, no run lobbed up and tapped to the leg side;
43.6;1;Stoinis to Rashid, 1 run takes the pace off, 72mph and it sits up for Rashid to nurdle one more through square leg;
43.5;?;Stoinis to Rashid, no run hits the pitch hard, 81mph on a length over off stump, Rashid blocks calmly;
43.4;1;Stoinis to Buttler, 1 run Paine up to the stumps, full and tailing in, driven firmly, a misfield gives them a single;
43.3;4;Stoinis to Buttler, FOUR runs Buttler is down the pitch, whipped through midwicket, superbly struck and that's four more!;
43.2;?;Stoinis to Buttler, no run length ball, 78mph and tight to off stump, driven to mid-off;
43.1;1;Stoinis to Rashid, 1 run pitched up in the channel, Rashid clips a drive casually through cover;
42.6;1;Agar to Rashid, 1 run fired into the pitch, Rashid stuns a square drive for one more... Run-scoring hasn't looked this straightforward all day;
42.5;1;Agar to Buttler, 1 run flatter, stays low, punched through the covers;
42.4;?;Agar to Buttler, no run tossed up and driven to extra cover;
42.3;2;Agar to Buttler, 2 runs dragged down, Buttler drops back and crunches a drive in front of the sweeper, Carey doing terrifically well to cut it off and prevent four;
42.2;1;Agar to Rashid, 1 run pushed through in the channel, Rashid punches one;
42.1;1;Agar to Buttler, 1 run flighted on middle and leg, worked through wide long-on;
41.6;?;Kane Richardson to Rashid, no run length on off, Rashid blocks stoutly once more;
41.5;1;Kane Richardson to Buttler, 1 run full, 82mph and steered through the covers;
41.4;4;Kane Richardson to Buttler, FOUR runs oh my, that's timed like a beauty! Just a push-drive from Buttler as he walks down, but he sends it skimming in front of the cover sweeper for four!;
41.3;3;Kane Richardson to Rashid, 3 runs full in the channel, Rashid wafts a thick-edged drive wide of third man for a few more, to boozy cheers from the crowd;
41.2;?;Kane Richardson to Rashid, no run length ball outside off, blocked square;
41.1;?;Kane Richardson to Rashid, no run pitched full, Rashid tamps down on it, runs to cover;
40.6;1;Agar to Rashid, 1 run flighted, nice and slow, Rashid leans into a push to long-off, ticking them through;
40.5;?;Agar to Rashid, no run pushed through flat and quick, Rashid does well to get his bat down;
40.4;1;Agar to Buttler, 1 run floated up and Buttler drills an uppish blow back past Agar, no real chance to get down to his right, just a single to long-on;
40.3;?;Agar to Buttler, no run tossed up and dabbed into the off side, they think better of running;
40.2;?;Agar to Buttler, no run flighted, angling in and nudged to leg;
40.1;4;Agar to Buttler, FOUR runs fired in on off stump, grips a touch and Buttler thick-edges a back-foot drive wide of Paine... it runs all the way fine for four!;
39.6;1;Kane Richardson to Buttler, 1 run tapped down into the covers, they hustle the one;
39.5;?;Kane Richardson to Buttler, no run angled in, 81mph and tapped towards mid-on;
39.4;4;Kane Richardson to Buttler, FOUR runs full, Buttler is forward, transferring the weight beautifully through a straight drive that beats mid-off and rattles to the fence;
39.3;?;Kane Richardson to Buttler, no run good length, 85mph over the stumps, Buttler blocks down into the on side;
39.3;1w;Kane Richardson to Buttler, 1 wide Richardson is getting a hint of reverse... but that has taken this down the leg side for a wide;
39.2;?;Kane Richardson to Buttler, no run in the channel outside off, 80mph and Buttler taps it down;
39.1;?;Kane Richardson to Buttler, no run good length, defended coming across;
38.6;?;Lyon to Rashid, no run quicker, using overspin, the ball skids on but Rashid brings his bat down to block;
38.5;?;Lyon to Rashid, no run lobbed up outside off, met with a front-foot block;
38.4;?;Lyon to Rashid, no run over the wicket now, flat and spinning in a touch, Rashid defends;
38.3;1;Lyon to Buttler, 1 run pushed through and Buttler goes back to chop one uppishly through cover point;
38.2;1;Lyon to Rashid, 1 run flighted, worked back through mid-on for one;
38.1;1;Lyon to Buttler, 1 run tossed up on middle and leg, worked through square on the back foot;
37.6;1;Stanlake to Buttler, 1 run full, Buttler laces a drive through the covers, just a single... and that is Stanlake done for the day;
37.5;?;Stanlake to Buttler, no run pitched up outside off, punched hard to extra cover;
37.4;2;Stanlake to Buttler, 2 runs turned into the leg side, Buttler hares off and wants a second... this going to be close! Buttler seemed to stumble as he came back, the throw was hard and flat and Paine demolished the stumps - but the third umpire confirms he was home by half a yard!;
37.3;4lb;Stanlake to Buttler, 4 leg byes pitched up, going for the leg-stump yorker but it drifts further and flicks the pad before leaving Paine on his knees - four more to the total!;
37.2;1;Stanlake to Rashid, 1 run shortish, 88mph, Rashid drops into the crease and angles one to third man;
37.1;?;Stanlake to Rashid, no run back of a length, 88mph outside off, Rashid jumps into line and blocks;
36.6;?;Lyon to Buttler, no run flighted, around off stump, Buttler defends softly;
36.5;1;Lyon to Rashid, 1 run on the stumps, Rashid plays with the spin and picks up another easy single square - the Old Trafford crowd applauds England's 150;
36.4;1;Lyon to Buttler, 1 run rolls his arm over on middle and leg, Buttler nudges a single into a gap at square leg;
36.3;1;Lyon to Rashid, 1 run tossed up and turned into the leg side for one;
36.2;2;Lyon to Rashid, 2 runs pushed through, Rashid plays a cute little dab (or cushioned outside edge) fine of third man for a couple;
36.1;?;Lyon to Rashid, no run round the wicket, tossed up on off and wristed towards mid-on;
35.6;?;Stanlake to Buttler, no run back of a length outside off, just 82mph and Buttler defends;
35.5;?;Stanlake to Buttler, no run length in the channel, 84mph and tapped towards point;
35.4;4;Stanlake to Buttler, FOUR runs half-tracker and that is dispatched! Buttler rocks back and hammers four through midwicket;
35.3;1lb;Stanlake to Rashid, 1 leg bye looks like a change-up, 79mph from Stanlake and Rashid is through the shot early and takes it on the body;
35.2;2;Stanlake to Rashid, 2 runs in the channel, neatly played by Rashid, running the ball with an angled bat to third man... Stoinis sprawls to cut it off but they come back for two;
35.1;1;Stanlake to Buttler, 1 run short outside off, Buttler stabs a back-foot drive to the cover boundary;
34.6;?;Stoinis to Rashid, no run fired in straight, Rashid showcases his solid defensive technique;
34.5;1;Stoinis to Buttler, 1 run Buttler comes across on off and drives one to long-on;
34.4;?;Stoinis to Buttler, no run tighter line, Buttler defends to cover;
34.3;1;Stoinis to Rashid, 1 run pitched on a length outside off, dabs one to third man;
34.3;1w;Stoinis to Rashid, 1 wide pushed down the leg side, flick and a miss... but that's a wide;
34.2;?;Stoinis to Rashid, no run length over the top of off, defended;
34.1;1;Stoinis to Buttler, 1 run good length outside off, 83mph and Buttler cushions it in front of cover-point for a single;
34.1;1w;Stoinis to Buttler, 1 wide slower-ball bouncer from Stoinis, but this has gone wrong, looping high and wide on the off side;
33.6;1;Kane Richardson to Buttler, 1 run pitched up, 83mph as Buttler comes down and jams another single through cover to keep the strike;
33.5;2;Kane Richardson to Buttler, 2 runs pitched up outside off, driven firmly in front of deep cover and they scamper back for two;
33.4;?;Kane Richardson to Buttler, no run comes across and pushes into the covers;
33.3;4;Kane Richardson to Buttler, FOUR runs full on the stumps, Buttler just gets a touch on it to skim the ball fine - and Stanlake's dive on the boundary rope is in vain!;
33.2;1;Kane Richardson to Rashid, 1 run whippage from Rashid, comes across and bottom-hands a flick over backward square... not where anyone was expecting that ball to go;
33.1;1;Kane Richardson to Buttler, 1 run length outside off, Buttler is forward to dab one short into the covers;
32.6;?;Stoinis to Rashid, no run wicket-to-wicket from Stoinis, again Rashid shows it a watchful straight bat;
32.5;?;Stoinis to Rashid, no run pitched up, Rashid comes across and mistimes a drive into the covers;
32.4;?;Stoinis to Rashid, no run tight lines, 82mph and dabbed behind point, Buttler sends him back;
32.3;?;Stoinis to Rashid, no run defended down into the off side;
32.2;2;Stoinis to Rashid, 2 runs pitched up and driven with a wristy flourish through backward point, a couple to the left of the sweeper;
32.1;?;Stoinis to Rashid, no run length on middle and off, Rashid gets squared up but blocks solidly;
31.6;?;Kane Richardson to Buttler, no run tapped into the covers, thinks better of trying to pinch one;
31.5;4;Kane Richardson to Buttler, FOUR runs seams away a touch, Buttler reaches and gets a thick edge, runs wide of Paine... that will be four, and a half-century for Buttler, who is England's one hope of pulling victory out of the fire here;
31.4;?;Kane Richardson to Buttler, no run comes down as Richardson pushes the ball out wide, left alone;
31.3;?;Kane Richardson to Buttler, no run full, 83mph and driven towards mid-off;
31.2;?;Kane Richardson to Buttler, no run lets this one go outside off;
31.1;2lb;Kane Richardson to Buttler, 2 leg byes short on the hips and Buttler nudges it away for a couple... the crowd applauds what they think is his fifty, but the umpire then plays spoilsport by signalling leg byes;
30.6;?;Stanlake to Rashid, no run short, 86mph and defended on off as Rashid hops into line;
30.5;?;Stanlake to Rashid, no run 84mph in the channel, comes across and leaves;
30.4;?;Stanlake to Rashid, no run banged in halfway down, hits the splice as Rashid takes his bottom hand off;
30.3;1;Stanlake to Buttler, 1 run dug in short, Buttler swipes a pull through square leg, almost off his feet to play the shot but it's only worth one;
30.2;?;Stanlake to Buttler, no run fullish, 84mph and Buttler pushes away from his body, zips through past the edge;
30.1;?;Stanlake to Buttler, no run length outside off, Buttler steers it square from the crease;
29.6;?;Kane Richardson to Rashid, no run pitched up in the channel, 82mph and he lets this one go;
29.5;?;Kane Richardson to Rashid, no run fullish and tailing in, Rashid lines it up and blocks doggedly;
29.4;W;Kane Richardson to Plunkett, OUT super catch! Plunkett goes first ball. That's a horrid shot. He has Buttler at the other end, but chases a full, wide delivery with no footwork. This one's a thick edge, and Paine does very well to grab it low to his right.;Liam Plunkett c ?Paine b Richardson 0 (1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
29.3;W;Kane Richardson to Sam Curran, OUT there's an edge on this one...isn't there?! Curran plays a flashing drive. There's a noise. Given not out. Review called straightaway. Big spike on Snicko. Kumar has to reverse his decision. Good job for Australia that previous one was umpire's call;Sam Curran c ?Paine b Richardson 15 (21b 1x4 1x6) SR: 71.42;
29.2;1;Kane Richardson to Buttler, 1 run full and wide, this time he finds the middle as he drives to deep cover;
29.1;?;Kane Richardson to Buttler, no run has he edged this?! No, not quite...a wide one from Richardson, Buttler reaches for it as he tries to drive;
28.6;4;Short to Sam Curran, FOUR runs short again, Curran rocks and pulls strongly over midwicket. Expensive over from Short;
28.5;?;Short to Sam Curran, no run driven into the covers;
28.4;1;Short to Buttler, 1 run plays back and works into the square-leg area;
28.3;1;Short to Sam Curran, 1 run nicely bowled, good length at off stump, tapped to the covers...Buttler has to stretch to make sure he gets in;
28.2;?;Short to Sam Curran, no run left alone outside off;
28.1;6;Short to Sam Curran, SIX runs starts with a big drag down which Curran latches onto and swings it over long-on with a pull shot...think he was aiming a little squarer. Mighty blow;
27.6;2;Stoinis to Buttler, 2 runs finds the gap this time, drives it square wide of point and the sweeper can't stop the second;
27.5;?;Stoinis to Buttler, no run tries to use soft hands to angle this to third man but finds backward point;
27.4;?;Stoinis to Buttler, no run short of a length, punched to short cover;
27.3;1;Stoinis to Sam Curran, 1 run full outside off, opens the face and taps it through point;
27.2;1;Stoinis to Buttler, 1 run shovels a short ball from outside off to deep square leg;
27.1;?;Stoinis to Buttler, no run short of a length at off stump, worked to the leg side;
26.6;?;Lyon to Sam Curran, no run good length at off stump, solid stride forward and he defends;
26.5;?;Lyon to Sam Curran, no run wider outside off, left alone;
26.4;?;Lyon to Sam Curran, no run big appeal for lbw, given not out by Rob Bailey. They debate the review and go for it! Round the wicket, angled into middle and leg. Did it straighten enough? Certainly no bat involved. Umpire's call on clipping leg stump. Australia keep their review;
26.3;1;Lyon to Buttler, 1 run opens the face and dabs a length delivery into backward point;
26.2;?;Lyon to Buttler, no run straighter, worked off the pads to midwicket;
26.1;?;Lyon to Buttler, no run full outside off, pushed to cover;
25.6;?;Stoinis to Sam Curran, no run a short ball, he drops his hands and lets it go through to Paine;
25.5;?;Stoinis to Sam Curran, no run another one played off the back foot to the off side;
25.4;?;Stoinis to Sam Curran, no run short of a length, punched off the back foot to mid-off;
25.3;1;Stoinis to Buttler, 1 run another short ball, gets over the top of the bounce and pulls again to long leg;
25.2;1;Stoinis to Sam Curran, 1 run back of a length at off stump, he plays a forcing shot off the back foot and it goes behind point to third man;
25.1;1;Stoinis to Buttler, 1 run short, Buttler walks at the bowler, pulled round the corner to long leg;
24.6;1;Lyon to Buttler, 1 run goes back deep in the crease and tucks this towards square leg;
24.5;1;Lyon to Sam Curran, 1 run gets forward and drives to deep cover;
24.4;?;Lyon to Sam Curran, no run worked off the pads to square leg, excellent fielding by Marsh almost creates a run out but Curran gets back;
24.3;?;Lyon to Sam Curran, no run a ripper! Plenty in this surface for the spinners. This turns sharply to beat the outside edge;
24.2;1;Lyon to Buttler, 1 run worked off the pads into square leg;
24.1;2;Lyon to Buttler, 2 runs uses the crease well then opens the face and places this through backward point, makes it back for the second despite slipping as he turned;
23.6;?;Stoinis to Sam Curran, no run short of a length, defended towards mid-off;
23.5;1;Stoinis to Buttler, 1 run shuffles across the stumps and works a straight delivery to deep square;
23.4;1;Stoinis to Sam Curran, 1 run opens the face and angles this down to third man;
23.3;?;Stoinis to Sam Curran, no run plays this quite late and it goes down into the pitch then bobbles back towards the keeper;
23.2;?;Stoinis to Sam Curran, no run short of a length at off stump, he's behind the line and defends;
23.1;W;Stoinis to Ali, OUT taken at backward point! Back of a length, Moeen gets squared up, takes a thick outside edge and there's a simple catch for Lyon;Moeen Ali c Lyon b Stoinis 16 (31b 0x4 0x6) SR: 51.61;
22.6;2;Lyon to Buttler, 2 runs brings out the reverse sweep, the ball is quite wide outside off but he gets well across the crease, keeps it down through backward point;
22.5;?;Lyon to Buttler, no run gets forward and whips his hands through a drive which finds mid-off;
22.4;1;Lyon to Ali, 1 run full and straight, driven to long-off;
22.3;2;Lyon to Ali, 2 runs gets away with this! Goes for the sweep and it's a big top edge, carries a long way in the air but the man is a long way behind square leg;
22.2;?;Lyon to Ali, no run nice loop, draws Moeen forward and he pushes into the point area;
22.1;?;Lyon to Ali, no run round the wicket, full at straight, defended on the front foot;
21.6;1;Stoinis to Ali, 1 run short of a length outside off, enough width that he can drive through the line to deep cover;
21.5;?;Stoinis to Ali, no run defends a good length delivery to the off side;
21.4;?;Stoinis to Ali, no run full and straight, defended to cover;
21.3;?;Stoinis to Ali, no run that's a wild slash outside off, although it was a pretty short delivery;
21.2;2;Stoinis to Ali, 2 runs edged! No slips in place...a forcing shot off the back foot, goes fine of third man but Stanlake is able to get across;
21.1;?;Stoinis to Ali, no run back of a length at off stump, defended towards point;
20.6;?;Lyon to Buttler, no run full at the stumps, defended on the front foot;
20.5;1;Lyon to Ali, 1 run flicked to the left of mid-on;
20.4;1;Lyon to Buttler, 1 run cuts a shorter delivery to deep point;
20.3;?;Lyon to Buttler, no run goes for the reverse sweep and it loops behind him, past Paine, to short fine leg. Not sure if glove involved;
20.2;?;Lyon to Buttler, no run worked off the pads to short fine leg;
20.1;?;Lyon to Buttler, no run stays round the wicket, comes down the pitch but can't quite get to the ball so defends;
19.6;1;Stanlake to Buttler, 1 run short outside off, Buttler walks right across his crease, plays at the top of the bounce and angles it to third man;
19.5;1;Stanlake to Ali, 1 run very full outside off, driven to the cover sweeper;
19.4;?;Stanlake to Ali, no run good length at off stump, 88mph, punched to cover;
19.3;1;Stanlake to Buttler, 1 run almost steps into his stumps! Short at the body, he swivels his pull, and just has to watch where his feet are. Not that close in the end, really;
19.2;1;Stanlake to Ali, 1 run on the pads, hops inside the line and pushes to deep square;
19.1;?;Stanlake to Ali, no run back of a length at middle and off, defended to mid-on;
18.6;?;Lyon to Buttler, no run pushed into the off side;
18.5;1;Lyon to Ali, 1 run full at off stump, Moeen comes forward and drives to deep cover;
18.4;1;Lyon to Buttler, 1 run back and across, deep in the crease, knocks a length delivery into square leg;
18.3;?;Lyon to Buttler, no run round the wicket, full at off stump, driven to mid-off;
18.2;1;Lyon to Ali, 1 run full at the stumps, pushed into the covers for a scampered single;
18.1;?;Lyon to Ali, no run that's a beauty! Turn and bounce. Angled in to off stump, spins away to beat the edge. Memories of the Ashes;
17.6;?;Stanlake to Buttler, no run tries to angle a back-of-a-length delivery to third man but he's cramped for room and finds point;
17.5;?;Stanlake to Buttler, no run gets right across outside off and walks at the delivery, defended to the off side;
17.4;?;Stanlake to Buttler, no run touch fuller, angled in at off stump, 86mph, defended;
17.3;?;Stanlake to Buttler, no run nips back from just short of a length, defended from the crease;
17.2;?;Stanlake to Buttler, no run short of a length outside off, chopped to point;
17.1;1;Stanlake to Ali, 1 run short of a length at leg stump, into the ribs, knocked into midwicket;
16.6;?;Lyon to Buttler, no run goes back and across, defended;
16.5;1;Lyon to Ali, 1 run pushed square into the off side;
16.4;?;Lyon to Ali, no run drift in from round the wicket, takes a thick inside edge to the leg side;
16.3;1;Lyon to Buttler, 1 run uses his feet, clips it firmly back to Lyon's right and he can't stop it cleanly;
16.2;?;Lyon to Buttler, no run gets forward and pushes to the off side;
16.1;?;Lyon to Buttler, no run round the wicket, pushed across outside off, dabbed to short third man;
15.6;1;Kane Richardson to Buttler, 1 run length on the stumps, slower ball and Buttler swats it in the air down towards fine leg, bounces in front of the man and they trot the single - and that will be lunch, with 15 wickets having fallen so far at Old Trafford;
15.5;4;Kane Richardson to Buttler, FOUR runs Paine up to the stumps again, but this is short and wide and Buttler slams a ferocious cut in front of backward point for another boundary;
15.4;?;Kane Richardson to Buttler, no run comes across and taps the ball down;
15.3;4;Kane Richardson to Buttler, FOUR runs full, gets him driving, Buttler hits this in the air - but past the dive of Head at extra cover, races away for four!;
15.2;2;Kane Richardson to Buttler, 2 runs fullish, 82mph and whipped off the stumps through midwicket;
15.1;?;Kane Richardson to Buttler, no run Buttler takes a couple of steps down early, blocked behind point but Lyon is quickly in;
14.6;?;Lyon to Ali, no run flighted, around the line of off, solidly defended coming forwards;
14.5;?;Lyon to Ali, no run Moeen presses forward on off stump;
14.4;1;Lyon to Buttler, 1 run over the wicket, tossed up full and dabbed into a gap square;
14.3;1;Lyon to Ali, 1 run worked into the leg side, Head swoops and a direct hit would leave Moeen stranded... but he misses! Terrible bit of running, but he gets away with it;
14.2;?;Lyon to Ali, no run flatter on the stumps, Moeen covers the line;
14.1;?;Lyon to Ali, no run round the wicket, tossed up and defended to leg;
13.6;1;Kane Richardson to Ali, 1 run short on the body, 83mph and tucked down square for a single;
13.5;1;Kane Richardson to Buttler, 1 run pitched up, touch of seam movement as Buttler reaches out and get a low edge behind square;
13.4;1;Kane Richardson to Ali, 1 run short, 82mph and leg side, Moeen plays across the line... and gets a leading edge that flies down to third man for his first run;
13.3;?;Kane Richardson to Ali, no run back of a length, defended down in front of point;
13.2;?;Kane Richardson to Ali, no run angled across from over the wicket, 83mph outside off, Moeen leaves;
13.1;W;Kane Richardson to Hales, OUT gottim, Hales nicks a wide one to the keeper! England are five down now, certainly doing a very gentlemanly job of letting Australia back into the game... Richardson is the beneficiary, an innocuous ball in the channel, but Hales flapped without foot movement and got a thin edge;Alex Hales c ?Paine b Richardson 20 (29b 3x4 0x6) SR: 68.96;
12.6;?;Agar to Buttler, no run flat on off, Buttler prods it into the covers;
12.5;1;Agar to Hales, 1 run slows his pace, full on leg stump, nurdled for one - that's the England 50 (a mark Australia reached in just the fifth over earlier today);
12.4;?;Agar to Hales, no run flighted, Hales defends on the front foot;
12.3;1;Agar to Buttler, 1 run comes across and pinches a single;
12.2;?;Agar to Buttler, no run tossed up wide of the stumps, guided towards backward point from the crease;
12.1;1;Agar to Hales, 1 run tossed up nice and slow, Hales drives one down the ground;
11.6;4;Kane Richardson to Buttler, FOUR runs stand and deliver, clubbed down the ground and he gets it over the head of mid-off! Took a risk, but it paid off;
11.5;?;Kane Richardson to Buttler, no run length on off stump, tapped towards mid-off;
11.4;?;Kane Richardson to Buttler, no run wide line as Buttler walks across, 84mph and steered to backward point;
11.3;?;Kane Richardson to Buttler, no run length, 82mph on off, chopped down;
11.2;?;Kane Richardson to Buttler, no run already he is walking at the bowler, Richardson a mid-80s mph man... tucked to mid-on;
11.1;2;Kane Richardson to Buttler, 2 runs length outside off and Buttler is able to get forward, driven through cover for a couple;
10.6;1;Agar to Buttler, 1 run floated up wide of off stump and Buttler pushes a drive square for one more;
10.5;1;Agar to Hales, 1 run flighted, drifting leg side, turned for one off the inside edge;
10.4;?;Agar to Hales, no run quicker, 59mph as Hales goes back and defends;
10.3;?;Agar to Hales, no run gives this some air, Hales defends on off stump;
10.2;1;Agar to Buttler, 1 run tossed up on off, Buttler gets out to the pitch and pushes through mid-off;
10.1;4;Agar to Buttler, FOUR runs slides on with the arm, Buttler drives and gets a thick inside edge, past leg stump and Paine hasn't a chance, runs away for four!;
9.6;4;Stanlake to Hales, FOUR runs short and wide to finish the Powerplay, Hales rocks back and belts it through point for four;
9.5;?;Stanlake to Hales, no run full, 90mph and tailing in a touch, punched towards extra cover;
9.4;?;Stanlake to Hales, no run full outside off, 88mph and Hales strokes it towards mid-off coming across;
9.3;1;Stanlake to Buttler, 1 run full and driven, squirted down to third man for a single;
9.2;?;Stanlake to Buttler, no run beats the bat again! Rising sharply at 92mph in the channel as Buttler tries to punch off the back foot;
9.1;1;Stanlake to Hales, 1 run short of a length outside off, guided through backward point from the crease;
8.6;?;Agar to Buttler, no run flighted, Buttler punches square but picks out the fielder again;
8.5;?;Agar to Buttler, no run goes back and cracks a drive into the covers, well stopped on the dive;
8.4;?;Agar to Buttler, no run angled in a bit straighter, pushed back to the bowler;
8.3;?;Agar to Buttler, no run this grips a little and hits the outside edge as Buttler prods at it;
8.2;1;Agar to Hales, 1 run tossed up on off stump, Hales strokes a single through mid-off;
8.1;?;Agar to Hales, no run flighted, drifting to leg, turned off his pads;
7.6;?;Stanlake to Buttler, no run back of a length in the channel, whizzing through at 88mph as Buttler leaves it be;
7.5;?;Stanlake to Buttler, no run length, 93mph again, Stanlake burning brightly on this famous old ground, Buttler defends;
7.4;W;Stanlake to Morgan, OUT ANOTHER! Stanlake shatters the stumps, England four down! Just too quick for him, on a length and Morgan seemed to play around it, the ball rattles middle and off... and Australia must believe they can do this now!;Eoin Morgan b Stanlake 0 (4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
7.3;?;Stanlake to Morgan, no run back of a length, 85mph around off stump, defended to cover;
7.2;?;Stanlake to Morgan, no run bangs in the bumper, Morgan ducks;
7.1;?;Stanlake to Morgan, no run back of a length, 89mph on middle and leg stump, Morgan calmly taps it down;
6.6;?;Lyon to Hales, no run flighted, this is clipped firmly to the right of mid-on but there's no run there;
6.5;?;Lyon to Hales, no run gets across on off and defends;
6.4;?;Lyon to Hales, no run tossed up, comes across to block;
6.3;?;Lyon to Hales, no run Hales moves on to off stump and works to midwicket with the spin;
6.2;4;Lyon to Hales, FOUR runs flighted, Hales steps out and pings a cover drive, gets it between two fielders and that will run away;
6.1;?;Lyon to Hales, no run pushed through outside off and tapped square;
5.6;W;Stanlake to Root, OUT climbing, 88mph outside off, Root fends and sends a thick edge to slip! Two in the over for Stanlake and England are having a proper wobble now... Root chastises himself in frustration, it was short enough that he didn't have to play, but the heat drew him in - and then singed Marsh's hands as he clung on in front of his face!;Joe Root c Marsh b Stanlake 1 (3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
5.5;3;Stanlake to Hales, 3 runs threaded through point, nicely timed by Hales and it gives Head a real chase out towards the boundary... he does brilliantly to pull the ball in just in front of the rope;
5.4;?;Stanlake to Hales, no run length ball 87mph on off, comes across to defend;
5.3;1;Stanlake to Root, 1 run short and rising towards the ribs, Root gets a bit of bat/glove on it and picks up one behind square on the leg side;
5.2;?;Stanlake to Root, no run cranks up the pace, this is 93mph but defended nonchalantly into the covers coming across;
5.1;W;Stanlake to Bairstow, OUT oh, that's out - chopped into this stumps! Stanlake strikes, bringing the ball in as Bairstow went back to cut, too cramped for the shot and he could only bottom-edge into his timbers. Another reminder that England have a bit of work to do if they're going to get a 5-0 of their own;Jonny Bairstow b Stanlake 12 (20b 1x4 0x6) SR: 60;
4.6;?;Agar to Hales, no run floated up on off, Hales pats it back;
4.6;2w;Agar to Bairstow, 2 wide pushed down the leg side, Bairstow sweeps and misses... Paine can't grab it, didn't come off anything, so that's two wides to the total;
4.5;2;Agar to Bairstow, 2 runs flicked off the pads, into a gap at backward square leg and they comes hustling back for two;
4.4;?;Agar to Bairstow, no run Bairstow is shifting around in his crease skittishly, can't get the ball away again;
4.3;?;Agar to Bairstow, no run angled in and defended on the stumps;
4.2;?;Agar to Bairstow, no run full on off, YJB taps it into the off side;
4.1;?;Agar to Bairstow, no run flighted, worked off leg stump and Agar runs across to field;
3.6;1;Stanlake to Bairstow, 1 run tip and run, dropped down in front of cover and Head can't hit at the non-striker's end as YJB runs his bat in;
3.5;?;Stanlake to Bairstow, no run good heat, 91mph again as Bairstow comes across and blocks into the off side;
3.4;2;Stanlake to Bairstow, 2 runs back of a length, 91mph and slashed through backward point, they come back for two;
3.3;?;Stanlake to Bairstow, no run comes across, rides the bounce into the covers;
3.2;4;Stanlake to Bairstow, FOUR runs dug in, YJB fences off the back foot, thick outside edge but it flies wide of slip... and Short then messes up his fielding effort at third man to gift four!;
3.1;?;Stanlake to Bairstow, no run short outside off, climbing through to Paine as Bairstow swings hard and misses;
2.6;?;Agar to Hales, no run Hales comes across and blocks back to the bowler;
2.5;?;Agar to Hales, no run tossed up on off, pushed into the covers;
2.4;4;Agar to Hales, FOUR runs touch full, Hales just waits on this and strokes a well-timed on drive away for the first boundary wide of the man on the ring;
2.3;1;Agar to Bairstow, 1 run flighted, off-stump line and YJB wanders down to poke one through mid-off;
2.2;?;Agar to Bairstow, no run full on off stump, pushed back down the track;
2.1;?;Agar to Bairstow, no run angled in with the arm and worked to midwicket;
1.6;?;Stanlake to Hales, no run full on middle and leg, Hales clips defensively towards mid-on from the crease;
1.5;?;Stanlake to Hales, no run tight lines, Hales shows it a straight bat on off stump;
1.4;1;Stanlake to Bairstow, 1 run gets a touch straighter and YJB flicks the ball away through backward square leg;
1.3;?;Stanlake to Bairstow, no run length ball, 87mph and pushed into the covers coming across;
1.2;?;Stanlake to Bairstow, no run good pace and carry outside off, lets this one go;
1.1;?;Stanlake to Bairstow, no run length, 86mph over off stump and Bairstow defends;
0.6;?;Agar to Hales, no run tossed up straight and tapped back;
0.5;?;Agar to Hales, no run drifting on to the pads but Hales can't get it past short fine leg;
0.4;W;Agar to Roy, OUT bowled him, straight through Roy! The tactical ploy works, Agar strikes in the first over, Roy aiming a yahoo down the ground but playing around the ball, bowled off his pad. Left-arm spin does the trick, misjudged the flight and that wasn't a great shot;Jason Roy b Agar 1 (3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
0.3;1;Agar to Bairstow, 1 run full, quick and dipping on middle and leg, YJB makes room and punches a drive past extra cover;
0.2;1;Agar to Roy, 1 run tossed up, Roy punches this uppishly, wide of the diving Agar and he's off the mark with one to long-off;
0.1;?;Agar to Roy, no run angled in straight and Roy skips out, works the ball to mid-on;

Radical thinking straight up, with Ashton Agar taking the new ball from the James Anderson End. Jason Roy on strike, no slip...
Hello again. This is all going scarily well for England... Not the cricket, that was expected, but the treadballers, who are 2-0 up in Nizhny Novgorod. And you wouldn't be surprised if a few Australian minds are beginning to think this football World Cup is worth getting invested in, given the way the cricket is going. One small consolation, perhaps, is that England can't break their own record for runs scored in a five-match ODI series (they needed to score 263 today)... and this match isn't yet won/lost, of course. Can Australia summon up something with the ball? They almost managed it at The Oval, but it's do or die if they are to avert a first 5-0 whitewash in history against England
 Innings Start
Australia
England
5th ODI, Manchester, Jun 24 2018, Australia tour of England
205
208/9
Player of the match is Jos Buttler, ENG
England won by 1 wicket (with 9 balls remaining)
