Data
3.39pm That's the end of the innings. Roach gets pats on the back for his Michelle. And before he walks off, Kemar raises the ball to the crowd. West Indies have come back rather well after an unfortunate spell of play. Hussey and Pattinson nearly ran away with this, but West Indies have come back to take the last four for 14. I am sure West Indies would have taken it had they been offered five wickets for 103 runs at the start of the day's play. Apart from Roach, credit is due to Shillingford too, who bowled nearly a whole ODI innings - 49 overs. Deonarine produced the breakthroughs: Clarke and Hussey.
"Lyon, Nathan and Beer selection ahead of Cameron White has made Victoria bitter." Glenn, sir, you are a poet. And they have decided to have tea amid all talk of beer. We'll resume by about 3.59pm, and I leave you with tea-time thoughts from Rhonda: "Actually you can make chow (a word for a sort of fast pickling) with any kind of fruit. I've made chow with guavas, plum and mango chow are particularly popular here, but as a child, I made chow with cucumbers, tomatoes, portugals, tamarind and even bananas. Yes, that last didn't work out so well..."
134.6;W;Roach to Beer, OUT Beer reviews now. He has been given out lbw as he has shuffled too far across. This is short of a length, nips in from outside off, Beer is across, his inside edge is beaten, and he is hit high on the pad, in front of middle and leg. Erasmus gives him out immediately, Beer reviews immediately. The replays show it to be hitting the top of leg, which means he is gone, and Roach gets five;Michael Beer lbw b Roach 2 (3m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
134.5;2;Roach to Beer, 2 runs full, on the pads, clipped away, already the calling is a little staggered, but they come back for two;
134.4;W;Roach to Hilfenhaus, OUT Bowled'im. No DRS here. This one nips back in from short of a length, from just outside off. Hits the thigh pad outside the line of leg, but the ricochet hits the stumps;Ben Hilfenhaus b Roach 5 (19m 12b 1x4 0x6) SR: 41.66;
134.3;4;Roach to Hilfenhaus, FOUR runs that's some shot. Front-foot cut? Punch? Call it whatever. Short of a length. Doesn't care he is forward, and goes through with it, and places it between gully and point;
134.2;1;Roach to Lyon, 1 run push-drives at this length ball outside off, gets a single past cover;
134.1;?;Roach to Lyon, no run length ball, misdirected, down the leg side;
133.6;?;Shilling to Hilfenhaus, no run Hilfenhaus immediately reviews this. Gould took ages to make his mind up and raise the finger, but Hilfy didn't even take a second to make that t-sign. The immediate question is the amount of turn. This is turning in sharply, from well outside off, and hits him in front of the stumps. The leg stump is visible, but Hilfy trusts it to turn down. And so it does, missing leg, according to the replays. And thus the decision is overturned;
133.5;1;Shilling to Lyon, 1 run another attempt at sweep, this time he manages to make contact. Bravo is at backward short leg, but this is hit hard, and all he manages is to get a hand to it. A single conceded;
133.4;?;Shilling to Lyon, no run looks to sweep, is beaten, is hit on the pad, but he has got himself outside the line of off;
133.3;?;Shilling to Lyon, no run nice, gets this to dip, creates a gap between bat and pad, and then it turns in sharply, but the ball hits the inside half of the bat, and dies down;
133.2;?;Shilling to Lyon, no run flighted outside off, turning in, defended solidly;
133.1;4;Shilling to Lyon, FOUR runs full on off, sweeps, the bat comes down from high, keeps it down, gets four past square leg;
132.6;?;Roach to Hilfenhaus, no run Hilfy fends at a short delivery, pushes it uppishly, but to the right of gully, and it doesn't carry to point either;
132.5;?;Roach to Hilfenhaus, no run looks to cut this, cant beat point;
132.4;?;Roach to Hilfenhaus, no run full on off, driven to cover. Good shot for a No. 10;
132.3;1;Roach to Lyon, 1 run short, into the rib, tucked away to long leg;
132.2;1;Roach to Hilfenhaus, 1 run short of a length again, guided through the vacant gull region for one;
132.1;?;Roach to Hilfenhaus, no run good start. Short of a length, around of,f holds its line, beats the edge;
131.6;?;Shilling to Lyon, no run pushes right forward to defend;
131.5;?;Shilling to Lyon, no run forward-defensive to a fullish delivery;
131.4;?;Shilling to Lyon, no run appeal for lbw as this turns in sharply, and beats the inside edge, but he is given not out. Fair enough too, When the ball turns that much, it either hits the pad outside the line or misses leg stump after pitching. The latter in this case;
131.3;?;Shilling to Lyon, no run Lyon pushes forward again, not quite to the pitch of it, but defends solidly;
131.2;?;Shilling to Lyon, no run flighted outside off, defended off the front foot;
131.1;W;Shilling to Pattinson, OUT after one time, it is two time. They have waited hours for one edge, but like buses two have followed each other. Both set batsmen gone. Shilly bowls a slow offbreak on middle and leg, Patto's bat turns early, and it lobs off the leading edge. They nearly make a meal of it as nobody calls for it. Barath has takes a few steps back from silly point to catch, but hang on. Bravo moves in late from cover, and takes the catch. Barath is wondering where the ball is. All's well, though;James Pattinson c Bravo b Shillingford 32 (154m 119b 5x4 0x6) SR: 26.89;
130.6;?;Deonarine to Hilfenhaus, no run another super-slow offbreak, at 67ks, Hilfy waits and waits, and defends in front of leg;
130.5;?;Deonarine to Hilfenhaus, no run short of a length, stays low, defended off the back foot;
130.4;?;Deonarine to Hilfenhaus, no run full, straight and quick, pushed back to him;
130.3;?;Deonarine to Hilfenhaus, no run slow slow offbreak, turning down leg, and left alone;
130.2;W;Deonarine to Hussey, OUT a most unHussey-like dismissal. This is soft, but West Indies have deserved some luck. Just an innocuous little length ball outside off, Hussey pushes at it, slightly loosely, and hits it waist high to short extra cover. Deonarine has broken yet another partnership, and Hussey is cross with himself;Michael Hussey c Brathwaite b Deonarine 73 (240m 207b 4x4 1x6) SR: 35.26;
130.1;?;Deonarine to Hussey, no run defended off the front foot;

"Highest partnership of the innings. Who would have believed it." Indeed, Rob
 Innings Start
9.35am A good start for Australia. They have answered the first call of duty, which was to take this last wicket. They now have a lead of 54 on a breaking pitch, but do they have enough time to force a result? And do they need to be cautious in the third innings to avoid what happened to West Indies in the last game? We will be back soon to see how approach the third innings
104.4;W;Beer to Baugh, OUT Review already. Baugh is sweeping, which has often led to his demise. This is on a length, pitched in front of leg, straightens, beats the shot, and hits him in front of leg. The projection shows this would have hit the leg stump, and Baugh has to go after having been given not-out originally;Carlton Baugh lbw b Beer 21 (72m 70b 2x4 0x6) SR: 30;
104.3;4;Beer to Baugh, FOUR runs short and wide, there is a deep point in place, but Baugh has cut this in front of square, and Hilfenhaus, the man at deep point, can't get there;
104.2;?;Beer to Baugh, no run full, middle and leg, defended off the front foot;
104.1;1b;Beer to Edwards, 1 bye full on off, Edwards digs it out, gets an inside edge, past the keeper, off his pad. However, it has been ruled a bye;
103.6;?;Lyon to Baugh, no run wide half-volley from round the stumps, driven wide of mid-off, and Edwards turns down the single;
103.5;?;Lyon to Baugh, no run overpitched, driven against the turn, to cover;
103.4;?;Lyon to Baugh, no run full, just outside off, defended wide of Lyon;
103.3;?;Lyon to Baugh, no run and Baugh doesn't want to keep defending. He goes for a wild slog-sweep to a ball outside off. He has eliminated the lbw, but could have got a top edge. He misses, and is hit well outside the line of off;
103.2;?;Lyon to Baugh, no run uppishly flicked with the turn, but short of short midwicket;
103.1;?;Lyon to Baugh, no run flighted outside off, Baugh presses forward, and defends;
102.6;?;Beer to Edwards, no run Fired in at off, defended back to him;
102.5;1;Beer to Baugh, 1 run another arm ball, another appeal, but this one has hit the inside edge. A crazy, risky single ensues;
102.4;?;Beer to Baugh, no run cuts this one, but not past point;
102.3;?;Beer to Baugh, no run appeal for lbw as Beer bowls an arm ball, but Baugh has got himself forward, and outside the line;
102.2;?;Beer to Baugh, no run misses on a sweep, the ball is headed down leg;
102.1;?;Beer to Baugh, no run length ball, middle and leg, defended back to him;
101.6;?;Lyon to Edwards, no run flat offbreak, stays back to defend it;
101.5;?;Lyon to Edwards, no run full, middle and off, defended into the pad, but the ball doesn't carry catchably;
101.4;1;Lyon to Baugh, 1 run overspinner outside off, stays back to place it past point;
101.3;?;Lyon to Baugh, no run full outside off, driven to cover;
101.2;?;Lyon to Baugh, no run short of a length, turning in sharply, defended to leg;
101.1;?;Lyon to Baugh, no run flighted on off, defended back to him;
100.6;1;Clarke to Baugh, 1 run fires this in short, Baugh goes back to cut, can't beat cover-point;
100.5;?;Clarke to Baugh, no run short of a length, on off, punched to cover-point;
100.4;?;Clarke to Baugh, no run short of a length, on the pads, worked to short fine;
100.3;?;Clarke to Baugh, no run pitched outside leg, on a length, defended back to him;
100.2;?;Clarke to Baugh, no run full, fired in, defended;
100.1;?;Clarke to Baugh, no run flighted on middle and leg, defended off the front foot;

No slip for Baugh. Nobody close-in
 Innings Start
1.12pm Australia have declared. Roach leads West Indies off the field again. Raises the ball to the crowd, with his hat off. A positive declaration from Australia, setting West Indies 215 in a possible 59 overs. Sammy as a chat with the umpires as they walk off, pointing to the clouds. is there more intrigue to come on this final day? Will West Indies go for this? Will there be early wickets? What part will weather play? I will be back with the answers soon. "ha we go kill them Auses !!!!!! weather permiting however !!!" Terry chooses an opportune time to send this
61.5;W;Shilling to Lyon, OUT he gets the wicket with another topspinner. Lyon sweeps again, the ball hurries on, doesn't turn, gets a soft top edge, which Sammy collects running towards backward short leg;Nathan Lyon c Sammy b Shillingford 3 (11m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 42.85;
61.4;?;Shilling to Lyon, no run a very good shout for lbw. A topspinner from Shillie, beats Lyon's sweep, hits him in the rib cage, but he is also down on a knee. Given not-out;
61.3;1;Shilling to Wade, 1 run cut away to deep point for one;
61.2;1;Shilling to Lyon, 1 run dips on him as he dances down the wicket, gets a single off the inside half of the bat;
61.1;?;Shilling to Lyon, no run swept away from outside off, finds square leg;
60.6;1;Roach to Lyon, 1 run full outside off, played with an open face to deep point;
60.5;?;Roach to Lyon, no run length ball, angled in, pushed to mid-on;
60.4;1;Roach to Wade, 1 run length ball, angling in, defended back to him, off the inside half of the bat;
60.3;?;Roach to Wade, no run short of a length, angling in, staying low, beats his attempt at the dab;
60.2;?;Roach to Wade, no run full on off, dug out to cover;
60.1;?;Roach to Wade, no run short ball, angling into the rib cage, beats him for pace on the pull;
59.6;1;Shilling to Wade, 1 run short and wide, cut away to deep point;
59.5;1;Shilling to Lyon, 1 run flighted outside off, swept away along the ground to deep square;
59.4;1;Shilling to Wade, 1 run swept away again, gets a single to long leg;
59.3;?;Shilling to Wade, no run length ball, on off, defended back to him;
59.2;4;Shilling to Wade, FOUR runs on the pads, swept away fine by Wade. The runs tickle along;
59.1;?;Shilling to Wade, no run length ball, on the pads, defended to leg;
58.6;W;Roach to Hilfenhaus, OUT Roach becomes the first West Indies bowler since 2005 to take 10 wickets in a Test. And lovely bowling to the tail. Full, fast, aimed at off. Hilfy has been beaten by pace before, and is backing away a little. Covering the line is the last thing on his mind right now. And Roach hits timbah. Off stump gone for a walk. Two Michelles For Kemar. Also the first 10-for for a WI bowler against Australia since His Highness Curtly took 10 in Adelaide in 1993;Ben Hilfenhaus b Roach 0 (2m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
58.5;?;Roach to Hilfenhaus, no run fired into the pads, beats him for pace;
58.4;4b;Roach to Hilfenhaus, 4 byes fiery yorker from Roach, but well down leg, it hits a foot hole and explodes for byes. Gunner Gould seems to have signalled leg-byes. Sympathy for fellow-keeper?;
58.3;W;Roach to Hussey, OUT Roach reaches nine for the match. Short and wide, Hussey looks to late-cut this, the ball hits the seam, moves in and stays low, and he ends up dragging it on;Michael Hussey b Roach 24 (74m 47b 2x4 1x6) SR: 51.06;
58.2;1;Roach to Wade, 1 run length ball, swinging in, worked away off the pads;
58.1;2;Roach to Wade, 2 runs Wade pulls, and finds that - as opposed to Sammy's bouncers - this one hurries him up, and he gets a xouple to fine leg;
57.6;?;Shilling to Hussey, no run short of a length, on off, cut away to cover-point;
57.5;?;Shilling to Hussey, no run tossed up outside off, allowed to turn through to Baugh;
57.4;1;Shilling to Wade, 1 run swept away from middle and leg, gets a single to deep backward square;
57.3;?;Shilling to Wade, no run goes for the cut, but this ball comes off slowly, and he has finished the shot even before it arrives;
57.2;?;Shilling to Wade, no run length ball outside off, left alone as it turns away;
57.1;1;Shilling to Hussey, 1 run short of a length, on off, pushed through the cover gap for one;
56.6;?;Roach to Wade, no run driven on the up, misfielded at cover by Sammy, but they don't risk the run;
56.5;?;Roach to Wade, no run short outside off, not much room, left alone;
56.4;1;Roach to Hussey, 1 run low full toss this time, pushed to deepish mid-off for one;
56.4;1nb;Roach to Hussey, (no ball) full toss, highish, called a beamer, which is far enough. Pushed to point;
56.3;1;Roach to Wade, 1 run length ball, on off, drops and runs, wide of point;
56.2;?;Roach to Wade, no run full, shaping in, towards off and middle, driven back to Roach;
56.1;2;Roach to Wade, 2 runs full, on the pads, flicked away wide of deep midwicket for two;

Five men on the boundary now. Roach to bowl
 Innings Start
That is all we have from Port Of Spain. The next Test - don't ask me why - starts on the Monday. This was a good Test. The elements didn't allow a result, but it was still good, hard-fought cricket. This is Sidharth Monga singing off and thanking you for joining us
Time for some pre-match musings from the captains. Michael Clarke first. He says, "I think it was going to be a good final day if the rain stayed away. Disappointing for both the teams, and the fans. Both teams have played in good spirit, we have both played to win. It's going to be a tough fight in Dominica. We played inconsistent cricket here, we need to move. Nathan Lyon copped some flak in the media, but he did a great job in this Test. James and Peter flying home is disappointing, but it gives someone else an opportunity. Found the wicket really slow, hard to score and tough to take the game forward."
Darren Sammy is applauded as he moves in. He says, "We were going after the runs. We lost two wickets, but we had Shiv and Narsinh in the end. Yes, we made a positive statement. We looked at it as a one-day scenario. I have to congratulate Kemar. He had a tough year last year. Shiv is doing what we know he does. Narsinh came in and did a good job. Kirk should recover for the England tour. We welcome Fudadin. We are looking to level the series in Dominica."
Kemar Roach is the Man of the Match. He says: "It was difficult. The wicket wasn't assisting fast bowlers much. You had to be accurate. Fidel was unlucky. Shillingford bowled really well. Kept it tight. Very proud of the way we fought. Practise hard for Dominica. On Monday we will be ready and raring to go."
3.39pm Now it's all over at QPO. Which is a shame really, because the teams did hell of a lot, despite and within their limitations, to give us a result. Highlights aplenty despite conditions that didn't make for attractive cricket: Roach became the first WI bowler in five years to take 10 wickets in a match, Hussey batted brilliantly, and then Chanderpaul and Deonarine brought some Guyana goodness, Australia opened with spin in the first innings of a Test for the first time since 1938, Nathan Lyon took five wickets in five overs, on his return Shane Shillingford bowled more than people do in an entire IPL, then the declaration by Australia, and Sammy's response with an unbeaten 30 off 26. The beauty of it all is, we will never know what would have been. Do wait for the presentation, though. By the way, the Frank Worrell Trophy has been retained by Australia, considering they can't lose the series now
3.37pm False alarm. Not all over yet
3.34pm Handshakes in the players' viewing area. It seems to be all over
3.30pm Still raining. Every passing minutes takes us closer to a draw. "Forget about the match, it is going to end up a draw. Now I am worried about the performance of the metal band Dethklok at Port of Spain tomorrow night. Hopefully the show can help us drink away the disappointment of the drawn match!" Toki Wartooth, from what I have heard of Port Of Spain, you'll have a bright and sunny day tomorrow, because the cricket will have been over
"Most astonishing thing about the Sobers match was that Boycott played a critical role in the chase. From Wisden:
'Now 42 were needed in 35 minutes, and Boycott took charge. His two fours in an over from Gibbs made the total 200 just 17 minutes later. Another 15 minutes, and after nearly four more overs, it was all over. England had won with three minutes to spare, which would have meant eight more balls, and Boycott had paced his innings of 80 in two hours, 42 minutes, to perfection.'" Andrew Ward, Boycott gets more stick than he deserves, at least his on-field cricketing activity hasn't merited such stick
3.07pm Scratch that, It's raining again. What do you do, Jack? Meanwhile Michael Clarke goes through vital adjustments before facing the next delivery
3pm The rain is very light now at QPO, but the light is bleak. We are waiting for the rain to stop completely. It might not matter given this weather, but here is the scorecard of the match Gary S declared twice, and set a target of... 215.
2.40pm It has got worse at QPO. Rain getting heavier. "If they do come back, a significant loss of overs favours the Windies more - they could treat the match almost as a T20, with much less fear of being bowled out." Robert Cratchit, I was thinking the same.
"Rest days are soooo last century....." Ha, Tom
2.30pm "Light towers standing in silent condemnation in the background..." I hear you, Zarathustra, but this is what they agreed upon. Presumable because one of the venues doesn't have floodlights. Anyway it is still raining at QPO. If any consolation, it is not as heavy as it was yesterday
2.10pm Umpires talk to Clarke. I assume they are letting him know only spinners can be used in this light. Long discussion. Clarke doesn't want to risk bowling only spinners. So we are walking off. Such pity about the light. Clarke and the two batsmen have a friendly chat as they walk off. Covers come on too, they are fearing rain too. "Has anyone else noted that 215 runs is exactly what England needed at this very grounds when Sobers notoriously declared in the 4th Test in 1968?" Steve the Bajan, good spot if true. And we have rain coming down too. What a shame
10.6;?;Beer to Sammy, no run short of a length, outside off, punched to cover;
10.5;?;Beer to Sammy, no run Huge, never-ending, blood-curdling appeal as Sammy pads up. This is pitched outside off, has held its line, and Sammy has kicked it away. Beer wants this reviewed. Clarke says nothing doing;
10.4;2b;Beer to Sammy, 2 byes another slog from Sammy, still not bat as it turns past. Stays low, goes through Wade's legs;
10.3;?;Beer to Sammy, no run yorker, middle and off, dug out;
10.2;4b;Beer to Sammy, 4 byes Sammy goes for a big heave-ho despite there being many fielders on the fence. Doesn't fancy pushing singles here. Singles available everywhere. Luckily for Sammy this one turns away and misses the stumps, and the keeper too. Byes;
10.1;?;Beer to Sammy, no run full toss, middle and leg, dips on him, driven back to Beer;
9.6;?;Watson to Bravo, no run draws a false shot. Short of a length, teasingly outside off, Bravo punches, misses;
9.5;?;Watson to Bravo, no run on a length, pretty accurate, stays low, defended off the front foot, just outside off;
9.4;?;Watson to Bravo, no run short of a length, doesn't get up, but well outside off;
9.3;?;Watson to Bravo, no run length ball outside off, lets it angle through to Wade;
9.2;?;Watson to Bravo, no run slower ball, cuts away from middle and off, pushed to point;
9.1;?;Watson to Bravo, no run length ball, middle and off, angling outside off, defended back to him;
8.6;?;Beer to Sammy, no run quicker delivery, middle and leg, Sammy stays back and defends;
8.5;1;Beer to Bravo, 1 run flighted outside off, played with an open face, through the vacant point region;
8.4;?;Beer to Bravo, no run this one holds its line on off, Bravo gets hit on the outside half of the bat;
8.3;1;Beer to Sammy, 1 run full and wide, driven to long-off for one;
8.2;1;Beer to Bravo, 1 run fired into the pads, flicked away to deep backward square;
8.1;?;Beer to Bravo, no run shortish, turning into leg, defended to short leg;

"This will be an interesting measure of Clarkes captaincy. So far he is doing well, but how does he do under pressure... ?" Asks Lucas. For the moment, Lucas, he brings back Beer. A slip, a silly point, a short leg in
 Innings Start