Data
8.35pm: Is that enough for a game? NZ struggled, despite another lively opening. The pitch looked a little more difficult to time the ball on, but David Warner shuffled his attack brilliantly and, after Guptll and Munro fell in succession, NZ just couldn't get going. Ross Taylor battled manfully but you'd back Australia to blast their way to a target of 151. Join Miller in 15 to see if they do...
19.6;1lb;Tye to Taylor, 1 leg bye banged in, 135kph and Taylor pulls like a lusty stevedore, takes it on the helmet, just a single to backward point! It's not much more than a hill of beans but Taylor has at least given NZ something to bowl at;
19.5;1;Tye to Boult, 1 run full toss on off, Boult bunts it down the ground to bring Taylor on strike;
19.4;W;Tye to Sodhi, OUT castled! Sodhi makes room and heaves across the line, Tye hits the top of middle! Sodhi runs straight off, he's done his job;Ish Sodhi b Tye 13 (25m 16b 0x4 1x6) SR: 81.25;
19.3;1;Tye to Taylor, 1 run full and wide, 136kph and Taylor can only squeeze it to backward point as he advanced down the pitch;
19.2;1;Tye to Sodhi, 1 run full toss, swatted into the leg side for one;
19.1;6;Tye to Sodhi, SIX runs full, slower ball, Sodhi spots it - and booms six more over long-on! Hefty whack and it goes waaaaay back into the crowd! Good start;
18.6;?;Stoinis to Taylor, no run slower delivery, wide of the stumps, another swing and miss;
18.5;2;Stoinis to Taylor, 2 runs short ball outside off, Taylor creams a pull wide of long-on, Agar dives to cut it off but they come back for two;
18.5;1w;Stoinis to Taylor, 1 wide banged in as Taylor steps out, that's in a different post code on height;
18.4;2;Stoinis to Taylor, 2 runs pitched up and squirted into the leg side, Taylor is struggling to get back here... but Tye's throw is poor and Carey can't collect properly!;
18.3;?;Stoinis to Taylor, no run full, taking the pace off, again Taylor doesn't connect with a big mow across the line;
18.2;?;Stoinis to Taylor, no run short, slower delivery and Taylor is hit on the body, Sodhi then has to throw himself back in as Stoinis fields and throws for the stumps;
18.1;6;Stoinis to Taylor, SIX runs in the slot, pounded down the ground for six! Hello, my old friend... Taylor picks this and blooters it over long-on, NZ will take a couple more of those!;
11.6;1;Agar to Taylor, 1 run fired in and flicked to midwicket, just the one this time, brings up the NZ 100. Terrific figures for Agar, his best in T20Is;
11.5;1;Agar to Seifert, 1 run flat, quicker ball, worked to leg again and Seifert has to gets his skates on;
11.4;1;Agar to Taylor, 1 run wheels away on middle and leg, clipped in front of square and Agar chases after it;
11.3;2;Agar to Taylor, 2 runs gives it some air, nudged into a gap at midwicket and they scamper the two;
11.2;?;Agar to Taylor, no run floated up full and clipped back to the bowler;
11.1;1;Agar to Seifert, 1 run angled in with the arm from round the wicket, worked to leg for a single;
10.6;1;Tye to Seifert, 1 run slower delivery on off, pushed into the covers for one to get off the mark;
10.5;?;Tye to Seifert, no run short, 130kph outside off and rising through as Seifert ignores it;
10.4;?;Tye to Seifert, no run angled in on the stumps and worked to leg;
10.3;?;Tye to Seifert, no run takes the pace off, defended on off stump;
10.2;W;Tye to Santner, OUT short and leg side, flies through as Santner pulls - was there glove on it? Yes! Tye banged in a fast bumper, Australia celebrated immediately and up went the finger. Oh dear;Mitchell Santner c ?Carey b Tye 0 (3m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
10.1;1;Tye to Taylor, 1 run full on the stumps, worked back down the ground to long-on;
17.6;1;Kane Richardson to Taylor, 1 run pitched up and clubbed to leg, just one to the man on the boundary square;
17.5;?;Kane Richardson to Taylor, no run fullish, pace off again, Taylor heaves across the line and fails to connect;
17.4;?;Kane Richardson to Taylor, no run another dot, slow floater outside off and this induces a big swing and miss;
17.3;?;Kane Richardson to Taylor, no run full outside off, 134kph and Taylor goes for the cow-corner mow, ends up toeing it back to the bowler;
17.2;1;Kane Richardson to Sodhi, 1 run slower ball, goes back outside off and guides it wide of short third man for one;
17.1;?;Kane Richardson to Sodhi, no run full and straight and tapped back, Richardson comes down to field;
16.6;1;Stanlake to Sodhi, 1 run length outside off, 141kph, steered down to third man;
16.5;?;Stanlake to Sodhi, no run banged in, good bumper to a No. 10, he flinches out of the way;
16.4;1;Stanlake to Taylor, 1 run this comes back in and hits the gloves as Taylor goes to cut again;
16.3;4;Stanlake to Taylor, FOUR runs short, wide and slashed past backward point! Travis Head, on as a sub fielder, nearly gets fingertips on it but the ball zips by and away to the rope for a first boundary in a while;
16.2;1;Stanlake to Sodhi, 1 run straighter line and Sodhi clips a single to get Taylor on strike;
16.1;?;Stanlake to Sodhi, no run shortish, 137kph outside off, defended from the crease;
15.6;1;Stoinis to Sodhi, 1 run short and wide and clubbed, they take the single to deep cover;
15.5;?;Stoinis to Sodhi, no run pitched up, 130kph/80mph and drilled back to the bowler in his follow through;
15.4;1;Stoinis to Taylor, 1 run slower ball, cut into the ground behind point, Richardson throws himself after it to keep them to one;
15.3;?;Stoinis to Taylor, no run goes for the yorker again, 130kph cross-seam, Taylor chops down on it;
15.2;1;Stoinis to Sodhi, 1 run full toss, Sodhi taps it down into the off side, Taylor is quickly on the move as backward point fires in the throw;
15.1;1;Stoinis to Taylor, 1 run pitched up and driven for one to the edge of the ring;
14.6;1;Tye to Taylor, 1 run length outside off, Taylor cuts into the ground behind point for one;
14.5;1;Tye to Sodhi, 1 run full and straight, taking the pace off again, gets bat on it into the leg side;
14.4;?;Tye to Sodhi, no run slower delivery this time, slips through outside the line of off;
14.3;?;Tye to Sodhi, no run full, 137kph outside off and chopped towards point;
14.2;1lb;Tye to Taylor, 1 leg bye full, taking the pace off hits the pad and runs square;
14.1;2;Tye to Taylor, 2 runs full on the toes and Taylor nurdles into the leg side, they scamper hard for two;
13.6;?;Kane Richardson to Sodhi, no run short of a length, 139kph and Sodhi defends down to the leg side;
13.5;1;Kane Richardson to Taylor, 1 run full on the stumps, nudged into the gap at midwicket;
13.4;W;Kane Richardson to Southee, OUT slower ball, Southee heaves to leg - picks out deep midwicket! Another dumb slog without the air and it plops into the hands of Maxwell running in, took it low, took it well;Tim Southee c Maxwell b Richardson 5 (5m 3b 1x4 0x6) SR: 166.66;
13.3;4;Kane Richardson to Southee, FOUR runs full ball, clipped firmly off the pads, beats the diving attempt on the rope and that's a welcome boundary;
13.2;1;Kane Richardson to Taylor, 1 run angled in and worked to leg again, this time long-on comes in to prevent a second;
13.1;2;Kane Richardson to Taylor, 2 runs back of a length and worked from off stump to midwicket, Richardson has to give chase and they hurry back for two;
12.6;1;Stoinis to Taylor, 1 run short ball, at the body, Taylor pulls but doesn't get hold of it;
12.5;1;Stoinis to Southee, 1 run fired in and dinked for one;
12.4;W;Stoinis to Seifert, OUT bowled 'im! Slips in the yorker again, seemed to go under the bat - in fact, Seifert just played the wrong line - and the ball thudded into the base of off stump. Good bowling, Australia applying the chokehold here;Tim Seifert b Stoinis 3 (8m 8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 37.5;
12.3;?;Stoinis to Seifert, no run back of a length, 128kph outside off and Seifert cuts firmly but picks out backward point;
12.2;1;Stoinis to Taylor, 1 run pitched up straight and worked into the leg side;
12.1;?;Stoinis to Taylor, no run full, maybe a slower ball, skids through under the bat outside off;
9.6;1;Agar to Taylor, 1 run fired into the toes, clipped through midwicket for one;
9.5;W;Agar to de Grandhomme, OUT baits the hook, De Grandhomme bites... picks out cow corner! No great connection and there's a man out there waiting, the safe hands of Glenn Maxwell and Agar has a third wicket! Really not though through, that shot... NZ five down;Colin de Grandhomme c Maxwell b Agar 10 (10m 6b 1x4 0x6) SR: 166.66;
9.4;1;Agar to Taylor, 1 run floated up, worked down the ground;
9.3;?;Agar to Taylor, no run pushed through on leg stump, blocked;
9.2;4;Agar to Taylor, FOUR runs gets a touch too straight and Taylor glides it off his pads, gets it very fine and it runs away to the rope for four;
9.1;1;Agar to de Grandhomme, 1 run tossed up on off and punched down the ground;
8.6;1;Stanlake to de Grandhomme, 1 run dabbed to short third man, CDG turns to regain his ground as the throw comes in, then they trot the one;
8.5;4;Stanlake to de Grandhomme, FOUR runs short again, De Grandhomme latches on this time and blitzes a pull up and over the ring, wide of long-on for four;
8.4;2;Stanlake to de Grandhomme, 2 runs dug in, 140kph and he pulls, off the splice into a gap at midwicket for a couple;
8.3;2;Stanlake to de Grandhomme, 2 runs length outside off, De Grandhomme sits back and guides a couple wide of third man;
8.2;1;Stanlake to Taylor, 1 run short outside off, cut firmly to the sweeper;
8.1;2;Stanlake to Taylor, 2 runs full and straight and whipped off the toes, Chris Lynn moves across from midwicket and dives to try and cut it off... and he's hurt here, going to need some treatment;
7.6;W;Agar to Chapman, OUT tossed up and Chapman attempts to sweep, hit on the front pad - and given! After a moment's discussion, he decides to review, however... Looked pretty good to me, but maybe going on with the angle from round the wicket? No bat involved, it pitched in line and ball-tracking says it would have smashed off stump! Good decision from Wayne Knights and Agar has his second;Mark Chapman lbw b Agar 8 (12m 9b 1x4 0x6) SR: 88.88;
7.5;1;Agar to Taylor, 1 run flighted, Taylor comes out and turns it into a full toss, clipped square for one;
7.4;W;Agar to Williamson, OUT timber! Tossed up by Agar, gets him trying to come down the ground, nowhere near the pitch and an ugly swipe leaves Williamson stranded, the ball thudding into off stump! Nicely bowled, this wasn't a dart - gave it some air and duped the batsman;Kane Williamson b Agar 9 (14m 9b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
7.3;2;Agar to Williamson, 2 runs floated up full and Williamson works it into the gap this time, Warner has to run across from long-on and they hustle back for two;
7.2;1;Agar to Chapman, 1 run flat on middle and leg, clipped through midwicket;
7.1;1;Agar to Williamson, 1 run lobbed up from round the wicket, nurdled towards wide long-on, just a single there;
6.6;2;Stoinis to Chapman, 2 runs slower delivery, Chapman gets his pull past the ring this time and Williamson hares back to the danger end to make sure of two;
6.5;?;Stoinis to Chapman, no run on the stumps, clipped to midwicket;
6.4;1;Stoinis to Williamson, 1 run short, 125kph and Williamson whirls on a pull, gets it past the dive of midwicket;
6.3;1;Stoinis to Chapman, 1 run back of a length outside off, swatted down the ground to long-off;
6.2;1;Stoinis to Williamson, 1 run dabbed into the covers, the throw to the non-striker's end flies away, but there's a man backing up eventually;
6.1;?;Stoinis to Williamson, no run full, fourth-stump line, driven to cover on the bounce;
5.6;4;Kane Richardson to Chapman, FOUR runs short and wide and lashed for four! Bit of room for the dinky dasher to throw his hands through the cut, gets it away;
5.5;?;Kane Richardson to Chapman, no run back of a length, 133kph and into the back pad, Chapman nudging across the line... High, I reckon;
5.4;?;Kane Richardson to Chapman, no run angled across around off, tapped away;
5.3;?;Kane Richardson to Chapman, no run short of a length, rising up to be blocked back in the crease;
5.2;W;Kane Richardson to Munro, OUT straight up this time, and taken at mid-on! Munro holes out, Agar pouching it safely as Richardson gives it the double-fist pump. Maybe a bit of pace off there... NZ momentum well and truly checked now;Colin Munro c Agar b Richardson 29 (25m 14b 3x4 2x6) SR: 207.14;
5.1;6;Kane Richardson to Munro, SIX runs skips out, clumped down the ground - sails over long-on! Didn't quite get hold of it but on this ground, that's six;
4.6;?;Stanlake to Williamson, no run full in the channel, 142kph and Williamson leans into a classy-looking cover drive, picks out the fielder;
4.5;4;Stanlake to Williamson, FOUR runs short of a length, slapped through cover point, that'll get him going... NZ raise 50 in the fifth over;
4.4;?;Stanlake to Williamson, no run comes across and pokes into the covers;
4.4;1w;Stanlake to Williamson, 1 wide attempted yorker, 146kph and squirming past the pads, nearly had Williamson off his feet - a touch leg side, though, a called wide;
4.3;W;Stanlake to Guptill, OUT got him, toe-ended to mid-off! Backed away to try and thrash down the ground, completely mistimed and Warner revs the chainsaw in celebration. Stanlake with the breakthrough, Guptill goes (relatively) cheaply this time;Martin Guptill c Warner b Stanlake 21 (20m 15b 2x4 1x6) SR: 140;
4.2;1;Stanlake to Munro, 1 run back of a length, Munro pulls powerfully but flat, just one to deep square leg;
4.1;1;Stanlake to Guptill, 1 run full and straight, Guptill launches at it, gets a thick inside edge on to his boot;
3.6;?;Agar to Munro, no run darted outside leg stump again and this time Munro tries to reverse-slog over cover, gets an inside edge into his pads;
3.5;1;Agar to Guptill, 1 run flat, skidding on as Guptill plays back, bottom-edged on the cut for one;
3.4;1;Agar to Munro, 1 run full, 104kph wide of leg stump, Munro chops it through midwicket;
3.3;1;Agar to Guptill, 1 run fired in straight and worked for one;
3.2;?;Agar to Guptill, no run dragged down, rocks back and bottom-edges a pull;
3.1;6;Agar to Guptill, SIX runs tossed up and spanked back over long-on first ball! Guptill steps out and climbs into the spin, only just clears the short, straight boundary;
2.6;1;Tye to Guptill, 1 run length, 125kph and angling in, dabbed wide of the bowler in his follow through and they trot the single;
2.5;1;Tye to Munro, 1 run outside off, maybe taking the pace off, punched to cover;
2.4;4;Tye to Munro, FOUR runs pitched up and cracked over cover this time! Three fours in a row for Munro, stepping out to carve a lofted drive;
2.3;4;Tye to Munro, FOUR runs short ball on the hip, Munro twocks it in front of square, superb timing and it races to the rope, beating the dive of man running up from deep square;
2.2;4;Tye to Munro, FOUR runs angled across, 133kph and Munro swaps power for placement, a deft guide past gully for four;
2.1;1;Tye to Guptill, 1 run pitched up on middle and off, pushed through mid-on;
1.6;1;Kane Richardson to Guptill, 1 run full, comes on to the front foot and prods towards extra cover for a scampered one;
1.5;4;Kane Richardson to Guptill, FOUR runs drifting into the pads, Guptill just needs to get a tickle on it, past Carey and away to fine leg;
1.4;?;Kane Richardson to Guptill, no run length delivery outside off, punched square;
1.3;4;Kane Richardson to Guptill, FOUR runs pitched up and smeared back down the ground, whacked past mid-off for four!;
1.2;?;Kane Richardson to Guptill, no run slightly short of a length in the channel, maybe stays a bit low and Guptill fails to connect;
1.1;1;Kane Richardson to Munro, 1 run length, 134kph and shaping a touch on middle and leg, Munro dabs wide of mid-on;
0.6;1;Stanlake to Munro, 1 run pitched up and driven, they take on Warner's arm at mid-off... but the throw is wide;
0.6;1w;Stanlake to Munro, 1 wide short, slightly leg side, wide again;
0.5;6;Stanlake to Munro, SIX runs full, heaved to leg... and into the crowd! Munro clears the pickets for the first time, looked a bit of a mishit as the ball ballooned into the sky, but it had the legs to go all the way. And one of the orangemen in the crowd missed his chance of $50,000, too! Completely misjudged it;
0.4;1;Stanlake to Guptill, 1 run angled in straight, 146kph/90mph and dabbed down into the leg side for one;
0.3;?;Stanlake to Guptill, no run short of a length, 142kph and swerving away as Guptill wafts a cut without foot movement and is beaten;
0.2;1lb;Stanlake to Munro, 1 leg bye fired into the pads, Munro looks for his favoured leg-side pick up but doesn't connect... pitched outside, I think;
0.1;?;Stanlake to Munro, no run fullish, 142kph outside off, driven without timing to point;
0.1;2w;Stanlake to Guptill, 2 wide short outside off, swings away as Guptill chases it, Alex Carey is also on the move and the ball ends up at third man for a couple of extras;

Hello everyone. Looks like Billy Stanlake and his cloud bombs first up. Martin Guptill on strike... How many do NZ need this time?
6.52pm Just under ten minutes to go until the first ball. It's the trans-Tasman rivals going head to head in the Trans-Tasman T20 final... as for England, they've got a week to twiddle their thumbs ahead of the ODIs. Perhaps they've been watching the curling like the rest of the country... that's where GB sport is at right now...
On that note, it's over to Alan Gardner for the first innings.
6.47pm Phil Cook: "I reckon the slow bowlers could get more of a run today. Agar only had 3 overs last time, but was the most economical. Maybe even Maxwell too, and Short even ?" I daresay both bowling teams will be mixing it up a bit...
6.42pm Sagar: "NZ's chances of getting a HUGE score depends a lot on their top 2, maybe because of that they opted to play without pressure of the scoreboard" It's a fair point. Munro and Guptill have been in some fierce form. They could do with Williamson finding his A game too.
6.33pm New Zealand win the toss and chose to bat. Interesting. Kane Williamson is happy to set the tempo once again, and David Warner is happy to chase. Everyone's a winner. "It looks a good wicket, the same 22 yards as last time," says Warner.
Ruffin: "Australia's rise to T20 cricket has been terrific. I would want Warner to stay as T20 skipper and let Smith concentrate on other formats. No doubt the current Aussie team is perfect for this format." I think there is a growing consensus along those lines
Nizamul Bhuyan: "Its doesn't make any sense to not acknowledge the fact that it's absolutely possible to chase anything at this ground. So definitely a mistake from Kiwis to be batting ist. They might have thought Aussies would crumble on scoreboard pressure of the final but boy you don't gamble like this. They need another 240ish score I reckon." Maybe that's the gist of Williamson's decision. More of the same, please, he's saying to his batsmen. He's relying on his bowlers being smarter in the chase.
6.27pm So, we are just about ready for the toss. Australia made light work of their record chase last week. I daresay they'd settle for a repeat scenario.
Hayden: "Why is everyone so obsessed woth the ground size? both teams have to bat and bowl so uhh get over it?" Uhh, dude ... when top-edges routinely fly for six, it does change the permutations a bit...
6.10pm: Who's up for another Trans-Tasman WALLOP? It's the final of the T20 tri-series and a rematch of last week's record-breaking run-fest at Eden Park. Incredibly, if Australia win tonight, they can complete a journey from No. 7 on the ICC rankings at the start of the series to No. 1, overtaking Pakistan. They have steamrollered their way to four wins from four under David Warner's stand-in captaincy and, despite not having home advantage anymore, will be favourites to follow up on their stunning chase a few days ago. New Zealand limped into the final on NRR, losing to England in Hamilton but doing just enough to qualify; but it won't take much to flick their T20 switch again. Andrew Miller's preview will set the scene and we'll bring you the toss and teams shortly.
 Innings Start
Warner, who is set to board a stupid o'clock plane to South Africa tomorrow, collects the T20 Trophy, and that concludes the formalities. Thanks for tuning in - next up, we've got the ODI series between New Zealand and England, starting on Sunday. See you then.
David Warner "Over the moon, from the get-go we played superb cricket, tried to execute everything with energy. We look back the last 18-24 months, people talk about us not taking T20 seriously, but this bunch have come out of the BBL with superb form and I couldn't be prouder of the guys. It proves the great depth in Australia cricket."
Kane Williamson "Though the middle we didn't assess as well as we could have. There was a bit of scarring, and we probably thought we needed more. The rain probably didn't affect the result, that's just the way it goes. With the bat they were ultra-positive, we were looking to take wickets but weren't able to do so."
Ashton Agar is Man of the Match. "Your length has to be perfect, whether you're at the WACA or here," he says. "It was helpful to have a sighter [on Friday], I couldn't believe how small the ground was." He also says this has been the most enjoyable tour he's yet been on as an Australia player. Which is nice.
Carl Whyte: "Hey Miller, another thrashing in the tests and now T20's. NZ will now give the poms a good hiding to boot. Don't brag about the ODI matches as Australia will make it 6 at the next WC" If you say so. Sounds like selective gloating to me though ...
10.38pm MATCH ABANDONED. That's all folks... the umpires have decided that the ground is too wet to resume before the cut-off time. That's a pity, but there's no complaints about the inaugural Trans-Tasman T20 champions. Australia win by 19 runs on DLS, with five wins out of five in the tournament.
10.26pm The rain appears to have stopped and the mopping-up is underway. Watch this space...
Damian: "Totally agree with Chappy, might as well stand on a chair outside the field of play and catch the ball on the jump inside the field of play. The "SIX" law requires some attention. That boundary was not even circular, looked more zigzag." But that's a completely different scenario. He caught the ball inside the rope, then got it back under control inside the rope. He didn't launch himself from the stands in the first instance, which is what the rule tweak was designed to prevent.
10.18pm Chappy: "Sorry but that 'catch' off Finch should be a six, I know what the rule says but its stupidly illogical. You cant 'catch' the ball infield, run over the boundary and then without coming back into the field of play complete the 'catch'. As he never re-entered the field of before he started to take the 'catch' again that should be six." Personally I have no issue whatsoever in rewarding athleticism and co-ordination, two things I lack in abundance.
Matthew Vincent: ""We could be set for an unsatisfactory conclusion here" This whole match has been an unsatisfactory conclusion...." Valid
10.17pm I'm afraid it is still hammering down. We could be set for an unsatisfactory conclusion here, but fingers crossed. Australia in utter control of DLS, so it's NZ who need to get back out there and takes lots of wickets
And back comes the rain. Humbug. Hopefully it's just another short interlude
Sanu: "I never ever seen Maxwell like this before (1 six after 17 balls). You are kidding me? He was so so serious after IPL10. What Virender Sehwag wanted in him. Take #responsibility and #beresponsible." He's doing the job required to win a trophy. Can't argue with that...
14.4;6;Santner to Finch, SIX runs muscled over long-on. That's sweet, sweet power;
14.3;2;Santner to Finch, 2 runs eased out to midwicket;
14.2;1;Santner to Maxwell, 1 run;
14.1;1;Santner to Finch, 1 run gets away with the free hit;
14.1;3nb;Santner to Finch, (no ball) 2 runs a filthy beamer, and a brilliant catch, but it won't count! Slammed out to wide long-on, where the ball is hauled in by Chapman with an excellent relay take, tossing the ball up in mid-air as he clambered back into play;
13.6;?;Sodhi to Maxwell, no run a fast, flat legbreak, Maxwell can't capitalise;
13.5;1;Sodhi to Finch, 1 run on the legs, worked around the corner;
13.4;?;Sodhi to Finch, no run wider line, Finch goes for another cut but can't make proper contact;
13.3;?;Sodhi to Finch, no run well bowled, Finch gives himself room and Sodhi cramps him with the googly. Cut to point;
13.2;1;Sodhi to Maxwell, 1 run back of a length, slapped hard and low past the bowler;
13.1;6;Sodhi to Maxwell, SIX runs tossed up outside off, Maxwell picks the legbreak, gives himself room, and slams it into the stands at long-off!;
12.6;1;Boult to Maxwell, 1 run more brilliance on the boundary! De Grandhomme at full stretch saves the four at deep midwicket. New Zealand are brawling...;
12.5;1;Boult to Finch, 1 run incredible pick-up from Williamson, but just wide! A tip and run to the covers, Williamson released the ball almost before he had gathered it, and missed the stumps by a whisker!;
12.4;?;Boult to Finch, no run banged in short, an attempted pull, can't connect, and the keeper's shy keeps the non-striker in his place;
12.3;1;Boult to Maxwell, 1 run a big smear into the leg side from outside off, almost swings himself off his feet in alacrity;
12.2;?;Boult to Maxwell, no run yorker! Well bowled, well dug out;
12.1;2;Boult to Maxwell, 2 runs that's a sublime strike, an angled drive into the gap in the covers, timed to perfection, but Southee slides well to intercept just inside the rope;
11.6;1;Munro to Maxwell, 1 run back of a length, a bottom-handed bunt out to the leg side;
11.5;1;Munro to Finch, 1 run flicked off the hip out to deep midwicket;
11.4;1;Munro to Maxwell, 1 run stabbed down the ground, beats the stretching bowler;
11.3;1;Munro to Finch, 1 run on the back foot, nudged to the leg side;
11.2;1;Munro to Maxwell, 1 run pulled around the corner to backward square leg;
11.1;2;Munro to Maxwell, 2 runs worked to the leg side;
10.6;2;Santner to Finch, 2 runs finds the gap at midwicket;
10.5;1;Santner to Maxwell, 1 run another unhinged swipe through the line, spirals off the toe of the bat, three men circling at backward point, who wants it? No-one gets there! Plugs just out of reach of the diving Ross Taylor ... well now...;
10.4;1;Santner to Finch, 1 run looped up, into the toes, tucked to leg;
10.3;W;Santner to Agar, OUT a frantic swipe at a wide delivery, and this time the keeper makes no mistake! Reached well, whipped off the bails, and Agar is leaving before the third umpire has confirmed his fate. Now then ...;Ashton Agar st ?Seifert b Santner 2 (11m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 40;
10.2;1;Santner to Maxwell, 1 run worked down to long on;
10.1;?;Santner to Maxwell, no run sliding into the legs, can't flick it square;
9.6;4b;Sodhi to Agar, 4 byes a massive wind-up and a missed stumping! A big legbreak, turned through a wild mow across the line, and the keeper was as done in as the batsman ... four byes to add insult to injury;
9.5;1;Sodhi to Maxwell, 1 run squirted into the gap in the covers;
9.4;?;Sodhi to Maxwell, no run punched to cover, looking for the single but no way through;
9.3;?;Sodhi to Maxwell, no run crushed into the off side, just short of cover... New Zealand are sensing something here;
9.2;W;Sodhi to Warner, OUT bowled him! That's a timely breakthrough, Warner made room to carve a short ball through the covers, but misjudged the pace and back goes his off stump!;David Warner b Sodhi 25 (36m 23b 2x4 0x6) SR: 108.69;
9.1;1;Sodhi to Agar, 1 run dances at the crease to make room for a thrash through the covers but can't connect properly;
8.6;?;Santner to Warner, no run fully forward, poked back to the bowler;
8.5;2;Santner to Warner, 2 runs stabbed off the back foot to cover;
8.4;?;Santner to Warner, no run attempted reverse dab, gets in a tangle and topples over as the keeper whips off the bails. The umpires are taking a look but the toe is always anchored over the line;
8.3;2;Santner to Warner, 2 runs flicked to the leg side once more;
8.2;1;Santner to Agar, 1 run on the toes, clipped firmly to the leg side, he's looking for two and has to scuttle back as Munro swoops and sends in the shy;
8.1;?;Santner to Agar, no run nudged to leg;
7.6;W;Munro to Short, OUT in the slot for a slog, but Short gets right underneath his shot, comes off the toe, spirals into the sky, and plops into the hands of long on!;D'Arcy Short c Chapman b Munro 50 (30m 30b 6x4 3x6) SR: 166.66;
7.5;?;Munro to Short, no run a mistimed cut;
7.4;4;Munro to Short, FOUR runs another murderous pull, and this time the same fielder, de Grandhomme, is nutmegged! Up comes a very brisk fifty;
7.3;1;Munro to Warner, 1 run banged in short, hoisted over backward square leg, and that is an outstanding one-handed grab to cut off the four!;
7.2;2;Munro to Warner, 2 runs back of a length, stabbed into the covers;
7.1;4;Munro to Warner, FOUR runs round the wicket, hauled through the gap at midiwicket!;
6.6;?;Santner to Short, no run tapped into the off side;
6.5;?;Santner to Short, no run punched down the ground;
6.4;4;Santner to Short, FOUR runs tossed out wide, there's room to free the arms and that is powered through the covers. In the air for a time, but just too much oomph to intercept;
6.3;1;Santner to Warner, 1 run tapped into the leg side once more;
6.2;1;Santner to Short, 1 run round the wicket, looped up and dipping into the toes, flicked to leg;
6.1;?;Santner to Short, no run on the pads, clipped to mid-on;
5.6;?;Southee to Warner, no run a short-arm jab, into the leg side;
5.5;2;Southee to Warner, 2 runs good effort from the keeper to take the sting out of a leg glance, but more runs...;
5.4;1lb;Southee to Short, 1 leg bye winding up for another big hit, but this time strikes the pads;
5.3;6;Southee to Short, SIX runs slammed into the stands! Back to back sixes, and this one is a murderous mow, through the line and over long-on!;
5.2;6;Southee to Short, SIX runs on the pads, and ping! Into the stands over square leg. That was effortless, and huge!;
5.1;1;Southee to Warner, 1 run stand and deliver, Warner goes for the big wind-up, under-edges a pull into the crease, but they steal the single anyway;
4.6;6;Boult to Short, SIX runs hoisted off the back foot, high and handsome over the leg side! Boult's length, short and full, has been picked off in this over, and Australia are stomping into command now;
4.5;1;Boult to Warner, 1 run worked out to short midwicket;
4.4;1;Boult to Short, 1 run on the back foot this time, stabbed to cover and they scuttle the run;
4.3;4;Boult to Short, FOUR runs same again! In the slot, and slotted down the ground. Top biffing;
4.2;4;Boult to Short, FOUR runs that's a pounding shot. Overpitched from Boult, an attempted yorker, but ended up right in Short's arc, and was flashed back with interest just past the stumps;
4.1;?;Boult to Short, no run thrashed into the off side, but can't beat the man at mid-off;
3.6;1;Sodhi to Short, 1 run on the back foot, sliding into a back-foot glide to cover;
3.5;?;Sodhi to Short, no run a swish across the line but no real contact;
3.4;?;Sodhi to Short, no run on a good length, and tapped back to the bowler;
3.3;4;Sodhi to Short, FOUR runs too short this time, and Short just leans back to slap another four through the off side. Easy peasy;
3.2;?;Sodhi to Short, no run more signs of turn from a middle and leg line, constricting Short's free-flowing arms;
3.1;1;Sodhi to Warner, 1 run turning into the legs from a good length, flipped off the hip to midwicket;
2.6;1;Southee to Warner, 1 run thrashed to deep point;
2.5;1;Southee to Short, 1 run bunted out to deep midwicket;
2.4;?;Southee to Short, no run smashed hard down the ground, but he's miscued it, and Williamson at mid-off can't reach it! He was back on his heels, perhaps expecting the ball to come harder and faster;
2.3;2;Southee to Short, 2 runs flashed into the leg side;
2.2;1;Southee to Warner, 1 run worked off the legs once more, a big stretch at backward square to intercept;
2.1;1;Southee to Short, 1 run full length, but sliding into the pads, tucked to deep backward square;
1.6;?;Sodhi to Warner, no run pushed onto the back foot, defended back down the pitch, that's a tidy over;
1.5;1;Sodhi to Short, 1 run nudged off the pads to backward square;
1.4;4;Sodhi to Short, FOUR runs that's a tremendous glide through third man, picking the legbreak and sliding it through the gap with an open face;
1.3;?;Sodhi to Short, no run down on one knee for the slog sweep, strikes the pad but that pitched outside leg;
1.2;?;Sodhi to Short, no run back of a length, tight line, flicked into the leg side;
1.1;?;Sodhi to Short, no run looped up onto a good length, and dabbed back down the pitch;
0.6;?;Boult to Warner, no run full again, squeezed into the off side;
0.5;?;Boult to Warner, no run stabbed into the covers;
0.4;?;Boult to Warner, no run full and swinging, defended with caution back down the pitch;
0.3;2;Boult to Warner, 2 runs fuller this time, but wide of off stump, Warner frees his arms and launches a mistimed drive over the covers. It plugs beyond the fielder and is gathered inside the rope;
0.2;4;Boult to Warner, FOUR runs slightly back of a length this time, and hauled imperiously through midwicket! He timed the pants off that, with no apparent room to do so;
0.1;?;Boult to Warner, no run full and straight, a hint of swing, tight line to the left-hander. A solid start;

Right, the teams are back. Here's Trent Boult, armed with the new ball
 Innings Start
New Zealand
Australia
Final (N), Auckland, Feb 21 2018, Trans-Tasman Twenty20 Tri-Series
150/9
121/3
Player of the match is Ashton Agar, AUS
Australia won by 19 runs (D/L method)
