Data
So, Pakistan reach 167 and really they have Umar Akmal to thank. They were in danger of collapsing when he entered, but he saw them out of trouble with a 51-run stand for the 5th wicket with Shoaib Malik, and followed that up with a 39-run partnership with Razzaq. Umar's blazing knock - the fastest half-century by a Pakistan player in T20s - featured some stunning shots all round the wicket, and it took a great slower ball from Tait to finally dismiss him. Read all about it in Brydon's bulletin. Join us in a few moments for Australia's chase.
19.6;W;Nannes to Amir, 1 run, OUT manic! Aamer pushed the ball straight, mid-on charged round to cut it off and fired a return at the striker's end. The ball hits the stumps and they charge through for another one is it ricochets into space ... but Gul is caught short at the other end as Nannes palms the ball onto the stumps. Just the one run to finish then;Umar Gul run out (Nannes/?Paine) 10 (7m 6b 0x4 1x6) SR: 166.66;
19.5;1;Nannes to Umar Gul, 1 run slapped to wide mid-on;
19.4;?;Nannes to Umar Gul, no run short again - even shorter than the one before. Gul tries to go up and over third man but can't get bat on it;
19.3;6;Nannes to Umar Gul, SIX runs this time he's nailed the pull! Muscly shot from Gul, little more than a short-arm jab but the ball sails into the crowd at deep midwicket;
19.2;1;Nannes to Amir, 1 run very full, jammed to cover and they take a quick single;
19.1;1;Nannes to Umar Gul, 1 run back-of-a-length, Gul swivels to pull and top-edges very high in the air ... dropped by Tait running in from fine leg! He got underneath the ball in good time, tried to catch it fingers up in the Aussie way but got himself into an awkward position, the ball hitting the palm and bobbling out;
18.6;1;Tait to Umar Gul, 1 run slower ball, very full and Gul picked it and waited on the shot. He sends the ball down to long-on, so just the single again;
18.5;1;Tait to Amir, 1 run Aamer backs away and drills a full ball down to long-off;
18.4;1;Tait to Umar Gul, 1 run much fuller, tapped to long-on;
18.4;1w;Tait to Umar Gul, 1 wide dug in halfway down, Gul takes his eye off it, ducking and turning away. Well, that's given as a wide but that's a bit harsh! That barely missed the helmet;
18.3;W;Tait to Umar Akmal, OUT castled him! Great thinking from Tait, Umar must have been expecting a thunderbolt the way he charged in, but instead he sends down a slow cutter. Umar was through the shot before the ball reached him, and looked back to see his stumps disturbed.;Umar Akmal b Tait 64 (43m 31b 7x4 3x6) SR: 206.45;
18.2;1;Tait to Amir, 1 run Aamer manages to lay bat on one, sending it down to third man off the toe-edge;
18.1;1;Tait to Umar Akmal, 1 run Tait snakes a pinpoint reverse-swinging yorker down and Umar digs it out to point;
15.6;4;Smith to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs Umar is using his feet so well, every ball. Again he comes down, Smith was expecting it and fired one very wide of off and Umar responded by sending the ball through cover with a resounding crack of the bat. Full swing of the blade, and he places it well to pick up a boundary;
15.5;1;Smith to Abdul Razzaq, 1 run Razzaq tries to go over long-on, the ball comes off the toe of the bat and drops well short of the fielder;
15.4;2;Smith to Abdul Razzaq, 2 runs Razzaq waits in the crease and slashes out to cover point;
15.3;1;Smith to Umar Akmal, 1 run Umar dances down and takes the ball on the full, getting a good connection but straight to long-on. Along the ground.;
15.2;1;Smith to Abdul Razzaq, 1 run clipped through midwicket;
15.1;1;Smith to Umar Akmal, 1 run off the outer half of the bat past Paine, and Razzaq calls him through;
14.6;1;Johnson to Umar Akmal, 1 run run down to third man for the single, and he keeps the strike;
14.5;?;Johnson to Umar Akmal, no run well, that would've gone into orbit if he'd hit it. Massive heave to leg, but the ball squirts off the inside edge onto the pad and goes nowhere...;
14.4;2;Johnson to Umar Akmal, 2 runs yorker outside off, driven out to deep point for a couple;
14.3;4;Johnson to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs fifty for Umar, and he gets it in style! Pulled off the front foot to fine leg, the fielder was up and he beat him to pick up the boundary. Consecutive fifties for Umar against Australia!;
14.2;6;Johnson to Umar Akmal, SIX runs wow, what a talent... Umar gets across to off and lifts the ball up and over square leg. Monstrous strike, all in the wrists as he paddle-flicks it out of the middle of the bat;
14.1;1;Johnson to Abdul Razzaq, 1 run on a length and straight, tapped to long-on;
17.6;?;Hussey to Amir, no run Aamer backs away to leg as Hussey sends one down short, wide and quick. Beaten on the cut once again;
17.5;1;Hussey to Umar Akmal, 1 run flung down very fast and very full, Umar jams the ball to point and they take a single. That was a quick ball, for a spinner!;
17.4;1;Hussey to Amir, 1 run tapped into space in the covers, and Umar gets strike;
17.3;?;Hussey to Amir, no run tries to slash the ball square, beaten;
17.2;2;Hussey to Amir, 2 runs great running again, the ball was cracked down to long-on but Umar was so quick between the wickets, he was rushing back for the second almost before it got to the fielder;
17.1;2;Hussey to Amir, 2 runs clipped through midwicket, and some very quick running gets Aamer two!;
16.6;1;Tait to Amir, 1 run well, nice looking drive from Aamer as Tait goes back over the wicket;
16.5;1;Tait to Umar Akmal, 1 run spicy meatball! Tait digs one in very short, and Umar smelled that one is it leapt up at his grille. He flung the bat out at it, though, and to his credit appeared to keep his eye on the ball to pick up a single to square leg;
16.5;5w;Tait to Umar Akmal, 5 wide Umar went across to off as Tait sent down the yorker ... but he's lost his line and sends the ball down the leg side. Paine can't get across in time, though he gets a touch to it, and that's gone to the boundary!;
16.4;1;Tait to Amir, 1 run off the leading edge as he shapes to push to midwicket, and he picks up a single out to deep cover;
16.3;?;Tait to Amir, no run much fuller, and wide of off this time. Aamer is beaten for pace on the drive, the ball flying through to Paine as he completes the shot;
16.2;?;Tait to Amir, no run well, a case of ball hitting bat there. Tait fires one down on a length and angling in to Aamer, he thrusts the bat at the ball and is lucky to hit it;
16.1;W;Tait to Abdul Razzaq, OUT clatter! Tait has made a mess of Razzaq's stumps with the perfect reverse-swinging yorker at high pace! Razzaq as looking for the full ball to thump through cover, but he was beaten for pace and couldn't get the bat down in time. Tait strikes!;Abdul Razzaq b Tait 7 (13m 11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 63.63;
13.6;4;Smith to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs bouncer from Smith! Umar could not have been expecting that, but he's seeing the ball so well that he just rocks back and hammers a pull out to deep midwicket;
13.5;1;Smith to Abdul Razzaq, 1 run he will get the single this time, punching the ball out to deep cover;
13.4;?;Smith to Abdul Razzaq, no run slightly wider this time, but cracked straight to point;
13.3;?;Smith to Abdul Razzaq, no run full and straight, pushed back to the bowler;
13.2;1;Smith to Umar Akmal, 1 run Umar gives him the charge straight away, Smith sees him coming though and sends the ball down very wide on the off side. Umar slashes out to deep cover - but the stumping was on there had he missed;
13.1;1;Smith to Abdul Razzaq, 1 run and he does so, chopping the ball to backward point;
12.6;2;Johnson to Umar Akmal, 2 runs slashed to third man again, this time to the fielder's right, and it's cut off;
12.5;4;Johnson to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs Umar is playing an absolute blinder here, he's seeing the ball so well. He opened up the stance to carve through the off side but then picked up the length - it was a yorker outside off - and just angled the face of the bat to pick a boundary down to third man. Great shot;
12.4;1lb;Johnson to Abdul Razzaq, 1 leg bye slanting into the pads, Razzaq gets across and sends the ball to short fine leg. Off the pad;
12.3;?;Johnson to Abdul Razzaq, no run Razzaq hops onto the back foot and taps the ball to cover;
12.2;1;Johnson to Umar Akmal, 1 run Umar clears the front leg and thumps the ball through cover, but there's a fielder out there to cut it off;
12.1;?;Johnson to Umar Akmal, no run slung down on a length on off stump, tapped back to the bowler;
11.6;W;Nannes to Malik, OUT now, what's happened here? Nannes sent down a slower cutter, Malik tried to guide it down to third man and appeared to get an edge on it. As Paine dives forward to take the catch they sprint through for a single ... The Umpire has not given that as byes, so has he hit it? Did Paine take the catch cleanly as he tumbled forward? ... Yes! He has! After several replays, they decide that Paine managed to get the glove underneath that one, and Australia have broken a very threatening partnership between Malik and Umar;Shoaib Malik c ?Paine b Nannes 21 (22m 18b 3x4 0x6) SR: 116.66;
11.5;4;Nannes to Malik, FOUR runs Malik gives himself some room and slashes up and over gully, down to third man for another four! Tait was the man down there, and he couldn't cut it off;
11.4;1;Nannes to Umar Akmal, 1 run mature stuff from Umar, who follows that shot up with a tip-and-run dink to cover;
11.3;4;Nannes to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs what a shot! That had the mark of genius, Umar gets right across to the off side this time and paddles a full toss from Nannes up and over the 'keeper and down to a very fine fine leg. He watched the ball right on to the bat, a brave premeditated shot but he executed it so well;
11.3;1w;Nannes to Umar Akmal, 1 wide well, Umar was really winding up - getting that left leg out the way - as Nannes gathered, and it must have put the bowler off as he sends one very wide on the off side;
11.2;1;Nannes to Malik, 1 run back-of-a-length and on the hips, tucked behind square on the leg side and they take a quick single;
11.1;?;Nannes to Malik, no run punched to the man at cover;
10.6;1;Hussey to Malik, 1 run heaved out to deep midwicket, couldn't get enough on it so just the one;
10.6;2nb;Hussey to Umar Akmal, (no ball) 1 run nudged through the leg side... oh no, he's over-stepped! That's criminal for a spinner. Free-hit coming up!;
10.5;4;Hussey to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs slapped imperiously down to long-on! That was hit so hard, the ball almost took out Malik at the other end, and raced so quickly that it had the beating of the wide long-on fielder;
10.4;4;Hussey to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs Umar! Square driven to perfection, Warner sprinted round and dived, but couldn't cut that off. Pakistan motoring now;
10.3;1;Hussey to Malik, 1 run single down to long on to rotate the strike;
10.2;4;Hussey to Malik, FOUR runs Pakistan are on the counterattack now! Intelligent stuff from Malik, very subtle as he stays deep in the crease this time, using the pace on the ball to run it down fine to third man;
10.1;4;Hussey to Malik, FOUR runs Malik joins in with a superb lofted drive over cover! He dances down the track and slapped the ball up and over cover, placing it to perfection to pick the gap and find the boundary;
9.6;?;Smith to Umar Akmal, no run beaten by the turn! Umar went back and across the ball turned across him, swiping inside the line;
9.5;6;Smith to Umar Akmal, SIX runs and another! Straight down the ground this time, and this one's even bigger! Brutal, straight hit from Umar, wonderful to see;
9.4;6;Smith to Umar Akmal, SIX runs Umar is on the attack! He comes down the track again, this time he plays a much better shot, leading the the left elbow and lifting the ball handsomely over straight long-on! That's gone several rows back, right out of the middle;
9.3;1;Smith to Malik, 1 run again worked down to long-on, steady stuff from Malik;
9.2;1;Smith to Umar Akmal, 1 run Umar charges down the track and aims a massive, head-in-the-air mow on the leg side. He's lucky to get an inside edge on that as the ball rolls to leg;
9.1;1;Smith to Malik, 1 run floated up nicely on middle and off, and driven down to long-off;
8.6;1;Hussey to Malik, 1 run aesthetically-pleasing square drive as Hussey sends this one full and wide, but it's out to the cover sweeper and so just the one;
8.5;?;Hussey to Malik, no run well-bowled, fast full and straight. Dug out back to the bowler;
8.4;1;Hussey to Umar Akmal, 1 run wristily worked from wide of off out to deep midwicket;
8.3;1;Hussey to Malik, 1 run pushed straight on the leg side this time, and he picks up a single to long-on;
8.2;?;Hussey to Malik, no run slapped to straight midwicket in the circle;
8.1;1;Hussey to Umar Akmal, 1 run nudged out to midwicket;
7.6;1;Smith to Umar Akmal, 1 run punched out to deep cover off the back foot, and he's off the mark;
7.5;?;Smith to Umar Akmal, no run hops onto the back foot and slashes to backward point, straight to the fielder;
7.4;W;Smith to Afridi, OUT gone first ball! Smith sent down a full toss, dead straight, and Afridi was struck on the front pad as he went down to sweep. That was right in front, and quickly given. An audible groan from the crowd as the finger went up.;Shahid Afridi lbw b Smith 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
7.3;1;Smith to Malik, 1 run swiped down to long-on, a single and so Afridi's on strike;
7.2;?;Smith to Malik, no run this one slides straight on and is pushed to cover;
7.1;?;Smith to Malik, no run some turn first ball as he tucked to backward point;
6.6;1;Hussey to Malik, 1 run driven down to long-on off the back foot to get off the mark;
6.5;W;Hussey to Salman Butt, OUT two wickets in two balls! Butt plays an uncharacteristic hack to leg, really just a hoick across the line and he's easily caught at deep midwicket. Perhaps he was rattled by the run-out, but was an ugly shot;Salman Butt c Warner b Hussey 13 (32m 21b 1x4 0x6) SR: 61.9;
6.4;W;Hussey to Salman Butt, OUT tragedy for Kamran! Butt pushed the ball softly to point and Kamran set off for what would've been a tight single. Butt watches the ball and goes nowhere, though, and by the time Kamran turns and tries to scamper back the ball is thrown in and he's well short. Whose fault was that? I'm not sure, but that's a shame for Pakistan as Kamran was going really well;Kamran Akmal run out (White/Hussey) 23 (25m 19b 2x4 1x6) SR: 121.05;
6.3;1;Hussey to Kamran, 1 run pushed down to long-on;
6.2;?;Hussey to Kamran, no run hurled down quicker outside off stump. Kamran goes down on bended knee and aims to slash the ball square, but is beaten;
6.1;1;Hussey to Salman Butt, 1 run tapped to cover, and they take an easy single as Butt finds a gap;
5.6;1;Johnson to Salman Butt, 1 run Johnson finds a little bit of wobble through the air in to Butt, who angles the ball down to shord third man to keep the strike;
5.5;2;Johnson to Salman Butt, 2 runs wide outside off, Butt cuts but again doesn't get a good connection. Still, picks up two as the ball rolls out to cover point;
5.4;?;Johnson to Salman Butt, no run good comeback from Johnson, who goes full and fast. Butt can only tap it back to the bowler;
5.3;4;Johnson to Salman Butt, FOUR runs intelligent shot! Johnson sent down a back-of-a-length delivery just outside off and Butt just opened the face on the blade to send it through the vacant slip area. Really well-placed, very fine and down to third man. Paine dives, but can't get close;
5.2;?;Johnson to Salman Butt, no run backs away to leg as Johnson digs one in short, Butt aims to slap the ball through cover but doesn't get close to timing it;
5.1;?;Johnson to Salman Butt, no run shot from Butt! He's strong through point and backward of square, and hits a full, wide ball very well off the front foot ... but straight to the point fielder;
4.6;?;Tait to Kamran, no run another slower ball to finish, but this one is on a length on off stump and is pushed back to the bowler;
4.5;4;Tait to Kamran, FOUR runs flat-batted just over a leaping mid-on fielder! That'll be a boundary, but it was mighty close. Tait gives Kamran a wry smile;
4.4;2;Tait to Kamran, 2 runs much fuller this time, but there's no swing and so Kamran has little trouble whipping it out to midwicket. David Hussey chases the ball down before the rope;
4.3;?;Tait to Kamran, no run that's the Tait we know! Enough of these slower balls, Tait sends down a vicious bouncer. Kamran plays a pull, but it's purely speculative. The ball was whizzing past his head almost before he was into the shot. Umpire calls one for the over;
4.3;1w;Tait to Kamran, 1 wide slower ball from Tait, but it's misdirected down the leg side, and that'll be another wide. Nine extras already in this innings. Tait isn't happy with himself there, shaking his head as he walks back to his mark;
4.2;?;Tait to Kamran, no run on a length, just a hint of width outside off stump and Kamran sends the ball square as he pushes forward. Straight to point though;
4.1;1;Tait to Salman Butt, 1 run pushed between cover and mid-off, and they take a quick single;
3.6;?;Johnson to Kamran, no run yorker, but well wide of off. Kamran jams the bat down but the ball squirts underneath it and he can't get a touch on it;
3.5;2;Johnson to Kamran, 2 runs too straight, worked through the leg side and that'll be two;
3.4;1;Johnson to Salman Butt, 1 run tucked off the hip straight to short fine leg, they set off straight away and that would've been very tight had the return throw been accurate;
3.3;?;Johnson to Salman Butt, no run pushed into the covers off the front foot;
3.2;1;Johnson to Kamran, 1 run full toss wide of off, and slapped down to third man. He was aiming more through cover, but the ball just rushed on to him;
3.1;1;Johnson to Salman Butt, 1 run full and fast, but fired at the legs and thumping into Butt's pad. They take a quick single, not a leg-bye as he got an edge on it;
2.6;4;Nannes to Kamran, FOUR runs flashing square drive! Nannes sends one down full and wide and Kamran sends the ball up and over point with a full swing of the blade. Pakistan are up and running again after the early wicket;
2.5;?;Nannes to Kamran, no run good line again, nice and straight and tapped into the off side;
2.4;?;Nannes to Kamran, no run much better ball, landing on a testing length and tapped back to the bowler;
2.3;6;Nannes to Kamran, SIX runs hammered! Kamran isn't intimidated by the short ball and leans back to murder a pull over deep midwicket. First boundary, and it's a good one;
2.2;1;Nannes to Salman Butt, 1 run full and pushed back to the bowler, who bends over but can't lay a hand on the ball, and they steal a single as mid-on runs round. Slightly sloppy once again;
2.2;5w;Nannes to Salman Butt, 5 wide not great cricket from Australia, as Nannes sends one way down the leg side. Paine leapt to his right but couldn't get to it, and that'll be five wides!;
2.1;1;Nannes to Kamran, 1 run on the legs, and Kamran aims a wristy flick down to fine leg;
1.6;?;Tait to Salman Butt, no run quick bouncer to finish the over, but that was slammed down very short and Butt got underneath it easily;
1.5;?;Tait to Salman Butt, no run again slightly short on the off stump, Butt rocks back and tries to angle down to third man but finds the gully fielder once more;
1.4;?;Tait to Salman Butt, no run back of a length again, and jammed down towards gully. They briefly think about the single, but the fielder was on to that in a flash;
1.3;?;Tait to Salman Butt, no run Butt presses half forward and taps the ball to point;
1.2;1;Tait to Kamran, 1 run short, and slashed through gully and down to third man. That was uppish, but well wide of any fielders;
1.2;1w;Tait to Kamran, 1 wide is Tait trying just a bit too hrd as he steams in? This one strays well down the leg side and that's another wide;
1.1;?;Tait to Kamran, no run speared in to the pads this time, much fuller. Kamran is beaten for pace as the ball strikes him on the pad. Tait's searching for outswing but there hasn't been any so far;
1.1;1w;Tait to Kamran, 1 wide not the greatest start, very quick indeed but hurled short and wide down the leg side;
0.6;1;Nannes to Kamran, 1 run edged! But wide of the second slip, and played with soft-hands so may not have reached a third slip even if there had been one. Kamran picks up a single to third man, but he didn't look comfortable playing that...;
0.5;?;Nannes to Kamran, no run full, punched to cover;
0.4;W;Nannes to Shahzaib, OUT gone! Shahzaib goes first ball, Nannes strikes with his fifth ball of the innings! That was full and angling across the right-handed Shahzaib. He aimed an ambitious mow over mid-on but toe-ended it to give the fielder an easy catch. He didn't even have to move... First blood to Australia.;Shahzaib Hasan c Hussey b Nannes 0 (2m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
0.3;1;Nannes to Salman Butt, 1 run chopped down to third man, and Butt is off the mark. Big cheer from the crowd!;
0.3;1w;Nannes to Salman Butt, 1 wide speared down the leg side, Butt just needed to get a little tickle on that and it would've been four. Didn't touch it, though, and that's a wide;
0.2;?;Nannes to Salman Butt, no run much fuller this time, again decent pace and some curve away from the left-hander. Driven to mid-off this time.;
0.1;?;Nannes to Salman Butt, no run nice shape on a delivery that slants in with the angle and then shapes away on off stump. Pushed into the covers;

A warm hello to you all, and welcome to Cricinfo's coverage of the first Twenty20 international between Australia and Pakistan at Edgbaston. I'm Liam Brickhill, and I'll be providing you with live commentary of the game.
The latest news from the ground is that Pakistan have won the toss and will bat first.
"The ground's probably just under half full at the moment," reports Brydon Coverdale, our man at the ground. "Ridiculous amounts of noise from the air horns. It's almost as bad as the vuvuzelas."
Here are the teams for today, not many surprises here:
Pakistan 1 Salman Butt, 2 Shahzaib Hasan, 3 Shoaib Malik, 4 Umar Akmal, 5 Shahid Afridi, 6 Kamran Akmal (wk), 7 Abdul Razzaq, 8 Umar Gul, 9 Shoaib Akhtar, 10 Saeed Ajmal, 11 Mohammad Aamer.
Australia 1 Shane Watson, 2 David Warner, 3 Michael Clarke (capt), 4 David Hussey, 5 Cameron White, 6 Michael Hussey, 7 Tim Paine (wk), 8 Steve Smith, 9 Mitchell Johnson, 10 Dirk Nannes, 11 Shaun Tait.
There's a great atmosphere at the ground, which is filling up slowly now. This should be a fascinating game between two quality Twenty20 outfits. Have a look at Brydon Coverdale's preview while we wait for play to start.
It'll be Dirk Nannes to open the bowling, as Pakistan's openers make their way out to the middle.
 Innings Start
The Pakistan team form a huddle near the boundary's edge, great spirit shown by them today. Umar Akmal's inspirational innings gave them a total to defend and the bowlers - Shoaib aside - responded in superb fashion. This is the first time Australia have lost to Pakistan in 13 games, across all formats, and Pakistan have finally broken their Aussie duck, which stretches back to their defeat in the Champions Trophy last September, through the disastrous Australian tour, to the World Twenty20.
The feedback comes pouring in: "When Gul got Hussey, I screamed in my class in excitement," writes Obaid. "Lucky to not get kicked out."
"The last 5 wickets fall in 12 balls: that's a collapse of Bangladeshi proportions!" says Mark Kidger. "Mind you, you won't find to many neutrals complaining that Pakistan have finally broken the hex that Australia have held over them for years. It could be a very interesting neutral series and Pakistan may just give theit fans something to cheer about."
Usman: "Feel so happy, especially after Sydney Test & Semi-Final. Watched the game at work with some other fanatic fans, and all of us were screaming when Hussey's leg stump went cart-wheeling. Great game, lets hope we can repeat this tomorrow and more importantly in Tests."
Unsurprisingly, Umar Akmal gets the Man of the Match award for his awesome knock. Phew, what a game! Read Brydon's bulletin for an indepth look at today's action. That's all from me today folks, but there's no respite as we have a re-match tomorrow! Do join us again for that.
18.4;W;Ajmal to Tait, OUT doosra again, Tait doesn't pick it as he charges down the track and Kamran has the bails off in a split second! Pakistan win the first Twenty20, and the crowd are absolutely loving this;Shaun Tait st ?Kamran Akmal b Saeed Ajmal 6 (2m 3b 0x4 1x6) SR: 200;
18.3;6;Ajmal to Tait, SIX runs well, that has flown miles over wide long-on! Ajmal tosses one up on leg stump, Tait comes down the track and just swings through the line - he has no idea which way it's turning - and connects handsomely.;
18.2;?;Ajmal to Tait, no run too good for Tait, he had no idea at all as Ajmal sent down the doosra. Big swing outside off connects with fresh air;
18.1;W;Ajmal to Johnson, OUT stumped! Johnson is left lying on the turf as Pakistan celebrate! He jumped out of the crease as Ajmal sent down a quicker one, and just ran past the ball. Kamran completed a smart stumping in a flash, Johnson swung round and tumbled over as he tried to get back to the crease, but to no avail. Just one wicket needed now;Mitchell Johnson st ?Kamran Akmal b Saeed Ajmal 3 (2m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
18.1;1w;Ajmal to Johnson, 1 wide fired down leg, too far and that's called wide;
17.6;W;Umar Gul to Paine, OUT the stumps are shattered! Gul is on fire here, Paine goes across his stumps but Gul spears in an inswinging yorker to send the leg stump spinning! If Australia had a chance before this over, Gul has almost certainly done enough to win this game now;Tim Paine b Umar Gul 1 (7m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
17.5;?;Umar Gul to Paine, no run Paine goes down to scoop over the 'keeper, but Gul sends down a full toss outside off and he can't lay bat on it!;
17.4;1;Umar Gul to Johnson, 1 run gets the yorker just wrong and it comes out a low full toss, which is drilled down to long-on;
17.3;2;Umar Gul to Johnson, 2 runs jams a yorker out to midwicket, they take a sharp second;
17.2;W;Umar Gul to Hussey, OUT cleaned him up! The crowd roar, the fielders mob the bowler! Gul sends down the perfect yorker, and Mike Hussey's leg stump is sent cartwheeling! That's the wicket Pakistan wanted. That should taste real sweet after what he did to them at the World Twenty20;Michael Hussey b Umar Gul 18 (21m 15b 3x4 0x6) SR: 120;
17.1;1lb;Umar Gul to Paine, 1 leg bye Paine shuffles across to off, is struck on the pad as Gul sends one snaking in full. That was slipping down leg though, and they take a leg-bye to get Hussey on strike;
16.6;1;Amir to Paine, 1 run great yorker to start, Paine digs it out to mid-off and takes a single;
16.5;W;Amir to Smith, OUT bowled! Smith goes! That was a horrible, ungainly mow across the line to a length ball, Smith misses completely and the ball smashes into the top of the middle and leg stumps. Does that swing the match for Pakistan? Hussey is the man they want;Steven Smith b Mohammad Amir 12 (8m 8b 2x4 0x6) SR: 150;
16.4;1;Amir to Hussey, 1 run tip-and-run as he sends the ball to cover. Call came straight away;
16.3;4;Amir to Hussey, FOUR runs low full toss from Aamer, Hussey chips it to leg and picks up a boundary at midwicket!;
16.2;1;Amir to Smith, 1 run again he sends the front foot to leg, but Aamer goes straighter this time and also pulls the length back, so just the one;
16.1;4;Amir to Smith, FOUR runs great shot! He played a few of those against England, and he's nailed one here as well. Smith just opens up, clearing the left leg and scything the ball through cover, all along the ground, for four;
15.6;1;Ajmal to Smith, 1 run full and fast, again he finds cover but they take a single;
15.5;?;Ajmal to Smith, no run full toss, but hammered straight to extra cover;
15.4;2;Ajmal to Smith, 2 runs too short this time, slapped away behind point;
15.3;?;Ajmal to Smith, no run simply too good for Smith, Ajmal sends down a doosra which actually turns substantially away from the bat. Smith was aiming to sweep to leg, but completely lost sight of that... Didn't pick it at all;
15.2;1lb;Ajmal to Hussey, 1 leg bye much quicker, the ball strikes the pad and goes to fine leg;
15.1;?;Ajmal to Hussey, no run attempted reverse-sweep from Hussey, the shot was on as the ball spun away from him, but he couldn't get bat on it. Ajmal gives him a good stare after that shot;
14.6;4;Amir to Smith, FOUR runs how has that gone for four? Smith just whipped the ball through midwicket, looked like a single at most but it had the beating of the fielder and raced away to the boundary;
14.5;1;Amir to Hussey, 1 run tapped to cover and they set off immediately for the single;
14.4;?;Amir to Hussey, no run Aamer shapes one in to his pads once again, and Hussey is perhaps beaten for pace as the ball thumps into the pad. Going down leg again;
14.3;4;Amir to Hussey, FOUR runs boundary to follow, it's all action now! Aamer slips one down the leg side and Hussey just gets a little tickle on the ball to send it down to fine leg;
14.2;W;Amir to White, OUT boom boom! Another great catch from Afridi, this one even better than the first, and we get the same celebration that he gave in taking that catch at The Oval in 2009 - legs apart, hands up and fingers pointing, just adoring the adulation as the crowd scream their approval. White had just looked to chip a full ball over mid-off, but Afridi had other ideas!;Cameron White c Shahid Afridi b Mohammad Amir 17 (12m 13b 1x4 1x6) SR: 130.76;
14.1;1lb;Amir to Hussey, 1 leg bye Aamer strikes Hussey on the pad first ball, but that's sliding well down the leg side and the appeal is quickly quashed;
13.6;6;Ajmal to White, SIX runs that's the shot he was looking for the ball before! White picks a straight ball up over square leg for a huge six. There's the pressure release!;
13.5;4;Ajmal to White, FOUR runs that must be quite a piece of willow in White's hands! He's just swung at a straight ball, didn't seem to hit it that well but got enough on it to get the ball across the boundary at midwicket!;
13.4;?;Ajmal to White, no run White backs away to leg this time, Ajmal follows him and all he can do is smack it back to the bowler;
13.3;2;Ajmal to White, 2 runs a touch of width outside off, and White guides the ball off the face of the bat to third man;
13.2;?;Ajmal to White, no run awkwardly prodded back to the bowler;
13.1;1;Ajmal to Hussey, 1 run half-volley outside off, driven to long-off;
12.6;1;Afridi to Hussey, 1 run Hussey gets across to off stump and finds a single to short fine leg;
12.5;1;Afridi to White, 1 run fuller this time, driven to long-on;
12.4;?;Afridi to White, no run White's not looking to comfortable, just thrusting his leg out and stabbing at the ball. Lucky to get anything on that. Oohs and aahs from the fielders;
12.3;1;Afridi to Hussey, 1 run nudged behind square on the leg side;
12.2;4;Afridi to Hussey, FOUR runs full toss on leg stump, and Hussey cashes in with a great piece of timing and placement to find the boundary with a clip through midwicket. He's up and running now;
12.1;1;Afridi to White, 1 run too straight, nudged off the pad to fine leg;
11.6;?;Ajmal to Hussey, no run nudged towards long-on, Hussey begins to set off for the single but checks his run as he sees Ajmal charging round to cut it off himself. Great piece of fielding from a man not known for his prowess in that department;
11.5;1;Ajmal to White, 1 run just a touch too straight, White gets across and nudges to short fine leg. Hussey calls him through straight away, though, for a sharp single;
11.4;?;Ajmal to White, no run White tries to work the ball with the spin through midwicket, but finds the fielder;
11.3;1;Ajmal to Hussey, 1 run and he dinks to cover for a sharp single to get off the mark;
11.2;W;Ajmal to Warner, OUT bowled 'im! A nothing shot from Warner, just standing outside leg, clearing the left leg and then just thrusting the bat at the ball, more in hope than anything else. The ball, delivered from round the wicket, rushed straight on with the arm to clatter into the stumps!;David Warner b Saeed Ajmal 41 (50m 31b 6x4 0x6) SR: 132.25;
11.1;1;Ajmal to White, 1 run pitching on leg, worked down past the short fine leg fielder but the ball is pulled up before the boundary;
10.6;1;Afridi to White, 1 run wow, very quick from Afridi, over 80mph this time as he sends down a full toss outside off. White gets a good connection but can only send the ball to the cover sweeper;
10.6;2nb;Afridi to Warner, (no ball) 1 run quick ball from Afridi, over 70mph, but he's overstepped in making the effort and so a Free hit coming up;
10.5;?;Afridi to Warner, no run very full, driven back to the bowler;
10.4;W;Afridi to Hussey, OUT Gone! The frustration was building for Hussey, and he gave himself some room to try and thump the ball down the ground. But Afridi slowed the pace up on that one, and Hussey didn't get to the pitch of it. He went through with the shot all the same, but got right underneath it, long-off circling underneath a swirling chance and clinging on!;David Hussey c Shoaib Malik b Shahid Afridi 34 (29m 28b 4x4 1x6) SR: 121.42;
10.3;2;Afridi to Hussey, 2 runs backs away and punches through cover;
10.2;1;Afridi to Warner, 1 run single off the inside edge to leg;
10.1;1;Afridi to Hussey, 1 run quick, but slightly short and Hussey tries to angle the ball behind point. Umar at backward point dives to make a good stop though;
9.6;2;Umar Gul to Warner, 2 runs another yorker to finish, Warner gets some of his heavy bat on the ball to send it down to fine leg, just wide of the fielder and so they scamper back for the second;
9.5;?;Umar Gul to Warner, no run full toss, Warner swipes mightily to leg but hits straight to the midwicket fielder;
9.4;1;Umar Gul to Hussey, 1 run great stuff from Gul, who is proving very hard to get away. Another yorker, jammed to long-on;
9.3;?;Umar Gul to Hussey, no run well bowled! Gul sends down an inswinging yorker which beats Hussey's swinging blade, shooting between the batsman and the leg stump on its way through to the 'keeper;
9.2;1;Umar Gul to Warner, 1 run Warner walks down the track to try and turn the ball into a full toss but ends up yorking himself. Dug out to square leg;
9.1;1;Umar Gul to Hussey, 1 run Hussey wanders away to leg and Gul follows him with a swinging, low full toss. Tapped down to long-on;
8.6;4;Afridi to Warner, FOUR runs Warner finds the boundary from the last ball! Another quick ball from Afridi, he cleared the front leg and slammed it straight back down the pitch, along the ground and beating long-off;
8.5;1;Afridi to Hussey, 1 run Hussey backs away to leg and pushes through the covers for a single;
8.4;?;Afridi to Hussey, no run very quick through the air, full and drifting in, giving Hussey no room to work with outside off;
8.3;1;Afridi to Warner, 1 run carved out to deep cover off the back foot;
8.2;2;Afridi to Warner, 2 runs swung away on the leg side, midwicket runs round but can't cut off the two. Good running again there, the call coming straight away;
8.1;?;Afridi to Warner, no run slightly shorter this time as Warner backs away, but Afridi tucks Warner up nicely and he can't get it away;
8.1;1w;Afridi to Warner, 1 wide quicker ball, misdirected down the leg side;
7.6;?;Umar Gul to Hussey, no run great, pinpoint yorker from Gul, who is also finding some movement through the air. Hussey swipes down at the ball to send it to mid-on;
7.5;1;Umar Gul to Warner, 1 run yorker again, jammed out to deep cover;
7.4;2;Umar Gul to Warner, 2 runs full from Gul, Warner clears the front leg and hoicks to leg, sending the ball to wide long-on. Hussey calls for two straight away, they charge through and that's very good running;
7.3;1;Umar Gul to Hussey, 1 run again, nice and straight from Gul. Hussey drops the ball very close on the off side and they steal a single, Warner beating the bowler to the other end;
7.2;?;Umar Gul to Hussey, no run tight line, good length and Hussey is slightly squared up as he goes back to defend and the ball cuts away from him;
7.1;1;Umar Gul to Warner, 1 run yorker from Gul straight away, Warner digs it out to point and they scamper through;
6.6;?;Afridi to Hussey, no run coming on with the arm again, but short and cut to point;
6.5;1;Afridi to Warner, 1 run topspinner this time, but down the leg side and Warner sweeps to fine leg;
6.4;?;Afridi to Warner, no run just outside off again, and driven hard into the covers;
6.3;?;Afridi to Warner, no run another offspinner - or offcutter rather - and its chopped to cover;
6.2;?;Afridi to Warner, no run offspinner from Afridi, and if I'm picking that then so is Warner as he drives into the covers;
6.1;1;Afridi to Hussey, 1 run nudged to midwicket;
5.6;1;Abdul Razzaq to Hussey, 1 run full again, and pushed just back past the bowler for one;
5.5;6;Abdul Razzaq to Hussey, SIX runs six runs! Hussey comes down the track, not getting to the pitch but just swinging the bat nicely through the line to lift the ball up and way over long-off.;
5.4;?;Abdul Razzaq to Hussey, no run good line again from Razzaq, he hasn't got the pace to trouble the batsmen but he's just wobbling the ball a bit both ways and beats the edge of the bat with one that moves away;
5.3;?;Abdul Razzaq to Hussey, no run much better, in the channel outside off and tapped back to the bowler;
5.2;4;Abdul Razzaq to Hussey, FOUR runs Razzaq now letting the batsman help himself to a short, wide ball. Really terrible lines and thats hammered away to the point boundary;
5.1;1;Abdul Razzaq to Warner, 1 run nudged to leg for a quick single;
4.6;4;Shoaib Akhtar to Hussey, FOUR runs short and wide again, and Hussey has no trouble slicing this away behind backward point for yet another boundary. Shoaib is proving extremely expensive here...;
4.5;4;Shoaib Akhtar to Hussey, FOUR runs top-edged cut down to third man! That should've been cut off by Razzaq, but he makes an absolute hash of the fielding attempt to allow the ball to get past him. That's just giving away runs...;
4.4;2;Shoaib Akhtar to Hussey, 2 runs fuller this time, driven but mid-off gets round and tumbles over to cut it off;
4.3;?;Shoaib Akhtar to Hussey, no run beats the outside edge! That'll help Shoaib's confidence, he found a little bit of shape away from the bat to beat a defensive prod;
4.2;?;Shoaib Akhtar to Hussey, no run chopped to point, no run...;
4.1;4;Shoaib Akhtar to Hussey, FOUR runs slashed away for yet another four! Six boundaries from seven deliveries so far for Shoaib, as he sends one down short and wide and is slapped up and over gully;
3.6;1;Abdul Razzaq to Hussey, 1 run angled down to third man for one, and Hussey is off the mark;
3.5;?;Abdul Razzaq to Hussey, no run he's been wobbling them in, but this one just held its line as Hussey stood at the crease neither forward nor back, beating the outside edge;
3.4;?;Abdul Razzaq to Hussey, no run angling in to the pads, Hussey tries to whip the ball through midwicket but finds the fielder;
3.3;?;Abdul Razzaq to Hussey, no run full, driven back to the bowler who collects in his follow-through;
3.2;W;Abdul Razzaq to Clarke, OUT what a catch! Clarke went back and tried to drive through cover again, but this time hit the ball uppishly towards Afridi at short cover, who put his hands up to pluck the ball out of the air and set off the celebrations. Pakistan are rocking Australia here, and the crowd have woken up with that wicket!;Michael Clarke c Shahid Afridi b Abdul Razzaq 5 (10m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 83.33;
3.1;2;Abdul Razzaq to Clarke, 2 runs gentle loosener outside off, Clarke times a drive to cover where the fielder dives to his right, getting a hand on the ball to save two runs;
2.6;1;Amir to Clarke, 1 run another quick single to finish, just pushing into the covers and setting off. The return throw was not accurate, if it had been things could've been interesting;
2.5;1;Amir to Warner, 1 run full and swinging in, Warner tries to whip the ball away but gets an inside edge straight to short fine leg... who misfields to allow them through for one;
2.4;1;Amir to Clarke, 1 run pushed wide of the cover fielder this time, and they do take a single;
2.3;?;Amir to Clarke, no run close! Clarke pushed the ball straight to mid-off and Warner wandered out, looking for the single. Clarke sent him back, and he had to dive to make his ground;
2.2;1;Amir to Warner, 1 run on the hips, tucked to leg and a quick single;
2.1;1;Amir to Clarke, 1 run dropped into space infront of square on the off side;
1.6;?;Shoaib Akhtar to Warner, no run cheers from the crowd as the last ball is a dot! It was there to be hit, but this time the cut goes straight to the backward point fielder.;
1.5;4;Shoaib Akhtar to Warner, FOUR runs carnage! Warner is taking Shoaib apart with an array of attacking strokes. This time the ball was wide of off and Warner just stayed back and slapped a cut between the two fielders at point and backward point;
1.4;4;Shoaib Akhtar to Warner, FOUR runs four more! Shoaib changes the angle, coming round the wicket and firing down a quick bouncer. But Warner just swivels to pull the ball very fine down to fine leg!;
1.3;4;Shoaib Akhtar to Warner, FOUR runs three in three! Shoaib is copping it from Warner here. Full and wide again, Warner lunges forward to crack a drive right through the covers;
1.2;4;Shoaib Akhtar to Warner, FOUR runs what timing! This was quicker from Shoaib, and Warner just leaned into the shot to push the ball to cover. Didn't look like more than one, but he picked the gap and such was the timing that the ball beats the fielder to the fence!;
1.1;4;Shoaib Akhtar to Warner, FOUR runs slashed very high over point! The ball was speared full and wide - a loosener - and he just threw the bat at it;
0.6;W;Amir to Watson, OUT got him! Watson goes as Aamer curves one in to hit Watson on the pad, then the bat. Watto doesn't like the decision, and points at his bat as he lingers at the wicket, but he's got to go! That looked like a good decision, pitching in line and would've hit the top of middle. It did hit the bat, but hit pad first.;Shane Watson lbw b Mohammad Amir 0 (4m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
0.5;?;Amir to Watson, no run beaten on the inside edge! Aamer sent the ball down full and wide of off, luring Watson forward into a drive and then beating the inside edge with swing;
0.5;1w;Amir to Watson, 1 wide more swing for Aamer, but this started too straight and swung down the leg side to be called wide;
0.4;1;Amir to Warner, 1 run Warner off the mark with a drop-and-run to cover;
0.3;?;Amir to Warner, no run bottom edged! That seemed to keep a little low, Warner had stayed deep in the crease and the ball took the under edge and rolled through to the 'keeper;
0.2;?;Amir to Warner, no run slightly shorter this time, Warner hops up on his toes to get on top of the bounce and push the ball into the covers;
0.1;?;Amir to Warner, no run swing first ball! What a perfect start, swinging away from Warner late to beat the edge of a nervous prod outside off.;

Out come Australia's openers to join the Pakistan team already on the field. Mohammad Aamer to open the bowling, David Warner on strike. Solitary wide slip in place
 Innings Start
Pakistan
Australia
1st T20I, Birmingham, Jul 5 2010, Australia tour of England and Ireland
167/8
144
Player of the match is Umar Akmal, PAK
Pakistan won by 23 runs
