Data
Innings break There will be a short 10 minute change over and South Africa will bat before the dinner break.
Dale Steyn has told the broadcaster that he thinks there's runs to made on this surface. He felt like South Africa bowled very well as a group.
Alex Carey says he never felt in on the wicket. He said the wicket had plenty of bounce and the ball stayed new for a long time.
The lowest total Australia have successfully defended in a full ODI is 172.
Michael : "As a South African living in Australia I complained a little about having to get Foxtel subscription but it is well worth it now"
Obeid: "@AJ, Being a Saffa fan all my life, I still feel this is a score that can be defended given Australia's fully fit bowling line-up and South Africa's jittery batting order. Should be a good contest if they can get Top 3 out early. "
38.1;W;Ngidi to Coulter-Nile, OUT Skied pull shot and Klaasen sits under it and takes it easily at mid on! The end for Australia. It was short and wide of off, but he tried to pull over midwicket, got it off the toe end of the bat, it flew very high, Klaasen camped under it and took an easy catch;Nathan Coulter-Nile c Klaasen b Ngidi 34 (31b 5x4 1x6) SR: 109.67;
37.6;1;Tahir to Coulter-Nile, 1 run tossed up, he tries to smash this down the ground, gets a thick inside edge to short fine leg and they take one;
37.5;?;Tahir to Coulter-Nile, no run tossed up, full and he blocks, smothering the spin;
37.4;?;Tahir to Coulter-Nile, no run flipper, pushed through outside off, its shorter and he tries to cut and is beaten for pace;
37.3;1;Tahir to Hazlewood, 1 run 84kph, tossed up, he drives nicely to long off;
37.2;?;Tahir to Hazlewood, no run flipper, on off, he defends on the front foot;
37.1;?;Tahir to Hazlewood, no run 93kph, pushed through flat, he defends with an open face to backward point;
36.6;1;Ngidi to Hazlewood, 1 run 133kph, fuller on middle, turned with the angle into midwicket. 150 is up to huge cheers from the crowd;
36.5;?;Ngidi to Hazlewood, no run shorter into the hip, 130kph, he turns to square leg along the ground;
36.4;?;Ngidi to Hazlewood, no run back of a length, off stump line, he defends from the crease;
36.3;4;Ngidi to Hazlewood, FOUR runs ramped up over slip! What a shot first ball! This was banged in from around the wicket, he sways back, upper cuts it casually over slips head, two bounces for four. Superb!;
36.2;1;Ngidi to Coulter-Nile, 1 run short outside off, he late cuts to third man and takes the one. Happy to take every run on offer;
36.1;4;Ngidi to Coulter-Nile, FOUR runs Pulled for four along the ground! This was a short ball, chest high, he swivels and rolls the wrists and nails it again behind square and the sweeper stands no chance of cutting it off;
25.6;?;Tahir to Carey, no run tries to tuck this off the pads but it just dribbles to short fine leg;
25.5;?;Tahir to Carey, no run short of a length, he goes back in the crease and works to midwicket;
25.4;?;Tahir to Carey, no run full at the stumps, bunted back to the bowler;
25.3;?;Tahir to Carey, no run a conventional sweep this time, taken from leg stump to short fine leg;
25.2;?;Tahir to Carey, no run big appeal for lbw as Carey misses a reverse sweep this time. South Africa review. Did it pitch outside leg? Or has he got a bottom edge on it? Yep, that's come off the bat. Not a great review;
25.1;4;Tahir to Carey, FOUR runs connects very cleanly with the slog sweep, sends it out to deep midwicket;
24.6;?;Steyn to Cummins, no run back of a length outside off, left alone;
24.5;1;Steyn to Carey, 1 run stays over the wicket to Carey, full outside off, pushed out to deep cover;
24.4;3;Steyn to Cummins, 3 runs full on the pads, clipped through midwicket, neatly worked away;
24.3;?;Steyn to Cummins, no run straighter, on a good length, pushed into midwicket;
24.2;?;Steyn to Cummins, no run fuller outside off, 139kph, lovely shape away from the right hander and Cummins makes a late decision to leave;
24.1;?;Steyn to Cummins, no run short of a length outside off, left alone and carries at waist height to de Kock;
35.6;W;Tahir to Starc, OUT Given LBW! Starc reviews. This was pushed through flatter, out of the front of the hand and it skids on, he was right back in his crease and struck on the knee roll. Nothing on hot spot. Nothing on snicko. He missed it. Hawkeye has it pitching in line and hitting. Out! Good decision.;Mitchell Starc lbw b Imran Tahir 12 (12b 2x4 0x6) SR: 100;
35.5;4;Tahir to Starc, FOUR runs slog sweep from outside off, dragged it behind square! This wasn't nailed, but it was placed and controlled well enough and well behind square to the vacant rope;
35.4;?;Tahir to Starc, no run around the wicket, tossed up, full, he drives hard back to the bowler;
35.3;3lb;Tahir to Coulter-Nile, 3 leg byes off the pad, it runs fine down leg side, Steyn chases it down and hauls it in just short of the rope;
35.2;1;Tahir to Starc, 1 run tossed up, off stump, he nudges to cover and Klaasen misfields and it allows one;
35.1;?;Tahir to Starc, no run pushed through flatter, he's back and pushing to mid off;
34.6;6;Phehlukwayo to Coulter-Nile, SIX runs Pulled for six! It just cleared the man on the rope! This was banged in short, head high, he crushed this pull shot flat and hard, it looked for a moment he might have picked out Rabada on the rope but it kept going and cleared him!;
34.5;1;Phehlukwayo to Starc, 1 run 123kph, shorter length into leg stump, clipped away off the hip to deep square leg;
34.4;?;Phehlukwayo to Starc, no run 127kph, beaten sparring at a very wide one, it did nip away off the seam but it was miles away from off;
34.3;2;Phehlukwayo to Starc, 2 runs lofts this up and over mid off, it's mistimed off the toe, it just carries the man running back and they get an easy two;
34.2;?;Phehlukwayo to Starc, no run shorter length, off stump line, he defends with the full face from the crease;
34.2;1w;Phehlukwayo to Starc, 1 wide 126kph, angled way down leg for a wide;
34.1;?;Phehlukwayo to Starc, no run 122kph, well wide of off, back of a length, he leaves this alone;
33.6;?;Tahir to Coulter-Nile, no run wrong un on middle and he turns this to midwicket;
33.5;?;Tahir to Coulter-Nile, no run outside off, he pushes gently to cover;
33.4;4;Tahir to Coulter-Nile, FOUR runs slashed to third man! He shapes to sweep but it's a full toss wide of off, so he changes the shot and slashes off the edge to third man;
33.3;?;Tahir to Coulter-Nile, no run misses trying to sweep a really full ball outside off;
33.2;?;Tahir to Coulter-Nile, no run slider, he's back and defending into the off side;
33.1;?;Tahir to Coulter-Nile, no run beaten by a nice leg break, playing from the crease and defending;
32.6;4;Rabada to Starc, FOUR runs good strike from Starc, drills a full delivery straight down the ground...was in the air for a while, but very safe;
32.5;1;Rabada to Coulter-Nile, 1 run takes his bottom hand off the bat as he shovels this into square leg;
32.4;?;Rabada to Coulter-Nile, no run full at the stumps, has to be quick to get the bat down and keeps it out towards mid-on;
32.3;4;Rabada to Coulter-Nile, FOUR runs take that! NCN strikes through the line of a length ball and sends it well over mid-off;
32.2;2;Rabada to Coulter-Nile, 2 runs almost knocked off his feet by this one, manages to force it through midwicket;
32.1;?;Rabada to Coulter-Nile, no run good ball, good length at off stump, takes the outside edge but well short of third slip;
31.6;?;Tahir to Starc, no run the google slides past the outside edge as Starc reaches out for a first-ball drive;
31.5;W;Tahir to Carey, OUT another sweep, and he's gone. He couldn't stop himself sweeping and paddling. Was trying to almost scoop this right over the keeper. Takes a little top edge, into the arm, and lobs up the air. De Kock takes a simple catch. Poor game management from Carey?;Alex Carey c ?de Kock b Imran Tahir 33 (71b 2x4 0x6) SR: 46.47;
31.4;2;Tahir to Carey, 2 runs this time the sweep does beat short fine leg, he chances a second run and has to bring the dive out to make his ground;
31.3;?;Tahir to Carey, no run and now a normal sweep against a very full delivery, finds short fine leg;
31.2;4;Tahir to Carey, FOUR runs some innovation from Carey, brings out the reverse sweep and places it perfectly between short third man and backward point;
31.1;?;Tahir to Carey, no run round the wicket, just short of a good length, defended;
30.6;?;Rabada to Coulter-Nile, no run that's better, full outside off, left alone;
30.5;?;Rabada to Coulter-Nile, no run and that's a wild swing against a full ball outside off, aiming to reach the green in one shot. Doesn't connect;
30.4;?;Rabada to Coulter-Nile, no run fantastic response from Rabada, back of a length at off stump, completely squares up Coulter-Nile who is beaten;
30.3;4;Rabada to Coulter-Nile, FOUR runs top shot, NCN pulls out another gem, this time it's a full delivery at the stumps which he drills straight down the ground;
30.2;1;Rabada to Carey, 1 run a straighter delivery, tucked into the leg side and mid-on can't prevent the single;
30.1;?;Rabada to Carey, no run round the wicket, length ball outside off, left alone;
29.6;?;Tahir to Coulter-Nile, no run nearly cleans him up, skims past the outside edge and was very close to both the edge and off stump;
29.5;?;Tahir to Coulter-Nile, no run drags the length back, defended to cover;
29.4;4;Tahir to Coulter-Nile, FOUR runs very full outside off and that's hammered through the covers, whistles along the carpet...one of the best shots today (small sample size);
29.3;?;Tahir to Coulter-Nile, no run plays back to a shorter ball and pushes to Tahir;
29.2;2;Tahir to Coulter-Nile, 2 runs slower outside off, he comes forward and it comes off the outside edge down through third man;
29.1;?;Tahir to Coulter-Nile, no run short of a length, slides on straight, pushed to midwicket;
28.6;?;Rabada to Carey, no run full at the stumps, defended back down the pitch;
28.5;1;Rabada to Coulter-Nile, 1 run back cut down to third man, NCN batted well in the recent T20 series in UAE;
28.4;?;Rabada to Coulter-Nile, no run what a delivery to get first up! Short of a length outside off, climbs past the bat as Coulter-Niles arches out of the line;
28.3;W;Rabada to Carey, OUT direct hit from cover! David Miller on target, an underarm flick with his right hand. Cummins is struggling. Was dropped into the off side by Carey, Cummins was slow out of the blocks and he's well short. There has been some wonderful bowling today, but Australia also not helping themselves;Pat Cummins run out (Miller) 12 (26b 0x4 0x6) SR: 46.15;
28.2;?;Rabada to Carey, no run short of a length, straight, dropped into the off side;
28.1;?;Rabada to Carey, no run over the wicket, angled across outside off and left alone;
27.6;?;Tahir to Cummins, no run fuller, driven back to the bowler;
27.5;?;Tahir to Cummins, no run touch slower through the air, full outside off, brings him forward and plays to backward point;
27.4;2;Tahir to Cummins, 2 runs this squeezes off the outside edge as he plays forward and runs through third man;
27.3;?;Tahir to Cummins, no run full and straight, played to short, straight cover;
27.2;?;Tahir to Cummins, no run tight to the stumps, blocked on the front foot;
27.1;?;Tahir to Cummins, no run full at off stump, a legspinner, strides forward and defends;
26.6;1;Steyn to Cummins, 1 run on off stump, back of a length, 139kph, Cummins adjusts to the movement and angles it through backward point;
26.5;?;Steyn to Cummins, no run back of a length outside off, Cummins shoulders arms and de Kock takes it above his head;
26.4;?;Steyn to Cummins, no run a bouncer over middle and leg, he ducks;
26.3;?;Steyn to Cummins, no run touch fuller outside off, 138kph, shaping away and a well-judged leave;
26.2;?;Steyn to Cummins, no run back of a length at off stump, finds the outside edge but it's quickly to ground on the way to second slip...up at 142kph;
26.1;?;Steyn to Cummins, no run a short ball outside off, 141kph, Cummins sways out of the line;
23.6;1;Tahir to Cummins, 1 run pushed fuller outside off, angled square towards point and they scamper a quick single;
23.5;?;Tahir to Cummins, no run a touch shorter this time, Cummins waits on the back foot and defends;
23.4;?;Tahir to Cummins, no run on off stump, played to short cover;
23.3;?;Tahir to Cummins, no run full outside off, prods forward and defends;
23.2;1;Tahir to Carey, 1 run a short one, pulled behind square to the man in the deep;
23.1;?;Tahir to Carey, no run very full, flicked into midwicket;
22.6;?;Phehlukwayo to Cummins, no run short of a length outside off, defended to cover;
22.5;1;Phehlukwayo to Carey, 1 run full outside off, comes forward and pushes into midwicket...good running;
22.4;?;Phehlukwayo to Carey, no run seam movement on this one, nips back at Carey, beats the inside edge and rebounds off the pads to the off side;
22.3;?;Phehlukwayo to Carey, no run gets this fuller outside off and beats the edge as Carey lunges forward;
22.2;?;Phehlukwayo to Carey, no run round the wicket, back of a length, defended to backward point;
22.1;1;Phehlukwayo to Cummins, 1 run full outside off, driven to deep cover;
21.6;?;Tahir to Carey, no run this is fuller outside off, Carey tried a big slog sweep but doesn't make contact;
21.5;3;Tahir to Cummins, 3 runs he's been too short so far, this is outside off, Cummins rocks back and drives square through point;
21.4;?;Tahir to Cummins, no run short of a length, slides on to the right hander, pushed to mid-on;
21.3;1;Tahir to Carey, 1 run a drag down from Tahir, pulled through square leg;
21.2;1;Tahir to Cummins, 1 run goes back to a length ball that skids on, knocks it into the leg side;
21.1;3;Tahir to Carey, 3 runs goes down for a paddle sweep, neatly played through short fine leg, almost makes the boundary but Ngidi gets a boot on it;
20.6;W;Phehlukwayo to Stoinis, OUT oh dear! What was that?! Stoinis has just clubbed it to mid-on. A length ball, he tried to drive through the line, didn't even look as though he was trying to keep it down. Simple catch;Marcus Stoinis c Klaasen b Phehlukwayo 14 (14b 2x4 0x6) SR: 100;
20.5;2;Phehlukwayo to Stoinis, 2 runs width outside off, carved through point and good running makes it a second;
20.5;1w;Phehlukwayo to Stoinis, 1 wide angled down the leg side, another wide;
20.4;?;Phehlukwayo to Stoinis, no run back of a length on off stump, defended;
20.3;?;Phehlukwayo to Stoinis, no run full outside off, driven to cover;
20.2;4;Phehlukwayo to Stoinis, FOUR runs full, slips down the leg side, neatly flicked down to fine leg...a rare poor delivery;
20.1;1;Phehlukwayo to Carey, 1 run round the wicket, driven on the up square of the wicket through point out to the sweeper;
19.6;?;Ngidi to Stoinis, no run and another one past the edge, on a good length outside off, Stoinis tries to get forward. Skims past the bat;
19.5;?;Ngidi to Stoinis, no run good length, straight, 137kph and defended to cover;
19.4;4;Ngidi to Stoinis, FOUR runs edged, but short of the slips, bisects second and third as they each dive across, runs down to third man;
19.3;?;Ngidi to Stoinis, no run beats the edge with another ripper, in the channel outside off, just back of a length;
19.2;1lb;Ngidi to Carey, 1 leg bye round the wicket, short of a length, still some seam movement as this comes off the thigh pad towards gully;
19.1;1;Ngidi to Stoinis, 1 run good length outside off, takes a thick outside edge along the ground wide of third slip;
18.6;?;Phehlukwayo to Carey, no run round the wicket, nips back of the seam and takes an inside edge into his leg;
18.5;1;Phehlukwayo to Stoinis, 1 run full outside off, strides forward and drives to deep cover;
18.4;?;Phehlukwayo to Stoinis, no run;
18.3;2;Phehlukwayo to Stoinis, 2 runs full, slips into the pads, clipped off his toes through square leg...Australia reach fifty;
18.2;?;Phehlukwayo to Stoinis, no run been given caught behind, a wonderful diving catch from de Kock but Stoinis has reviewed. It's been given for the catch, rather than lbw the umpire says. That appears quite a long way from the inside edge as it nips back off the seam, and is outside the line for lbw. So he'll survive. Not a great on-field decision there. That's what DRS is for, though;
18.2;1w;Phehlukwayo to Stoinis, 1 wide slips this down the leg side and it's called wide;
18.1;W;Phehlukwayo to Maxwell, OUT caught at mid-on! It goes from bad to worse for Australia, although Maxwell is standing his ground to see if it's carried. He came forward into a drive, a bit early on it, couldn't keep the ball down. It's dripping on the way Klaasen. Soft signal was out, and third umpire says he's happy the fingers are under the ball;Glenn Maxwell c Klaasen b Phehlukwayo 11 (8b 2x4 0x6) SR: 137.5;
17.6;1;Ngidi to Maxwell, 1 run ouch! That has spat at Maxwell from short of a length and hammered his bottom thumb. He's in some pain here. Vicious delivery;
17.5;?;Ngidi to Maxwell, no run full at the stumps, strongly punched to mid-off;
17.4;4;Ngidi to Maxwell, FOUR runs touch too full this time and put away straight down the ground with a lovely straight drive;
17.3;1;Ngidi to Carey, 1 run round the wicket, short outside off, cut hard square of the wicket and there's an excellent stop by Markram as he dives at point. The throw at the non-striker's stumps clips one of the zing bails and it doesn't fall off! (Batsman was well home);
17.2;1;Ngidi to Maxwell, 1 run extra bounce this time! Back of a length, takes the splice of the bat as Maxwell whips his bottom hand away and fends it around the corner;
17.1;?;Ngidi to Maxwell, no run back on it first ball, beats the edge as Maxwell is flat-footed as he plays away from his body;
16.6;?;Phehlukwayo to Carey, no run this one beats the outside as Carey feels a little away from his body at a length delivery with a hint of movement;
16.5;?;Phehlukwayo to Carey, no run round the wicket, good length at off stump, Carey defends coming forward;
16.4;1;Phehlukwayo to Maxwell, 1 run full at middle and off, pushed into midwicket;
16.3;4;Phehlukwayo to Maxwell, FOUR runs off the mark first ball with a boundary, but good job he hit that! Walked right across his stumps to a length delivery and tickles it to fine leg;
16.2;W;Phehlukwayo to Lynn, OUT another one goes! Appeal for caught behind, given not out and South Africa review straightaway. It sounded like a bottom edge. A delivery with some width, Lynn went after it, and there's a clear noise as the ball passes the bat. There's also a spike on Snicko. Lynn is almost off the field...he's basically walked! Umpire says there's conclusive evidence of an edge. Good, low catch by de Kock. He's gone!;Chris Lynn c ?de Kock b Phehlukwayo 15 (32b 2x4 0x6) SR: 46.87;
16.1;?;Phehlukwayo to Lynn, no run full at off stump from over the wicket, defended to mid-off;
15.6;?;Rabada to Carey, no run 135kph, good length outside off, he leaves this alone as it flies to the keeper;
15.5;?;Rabada to Carey, no run 137kph, good length, across the left-hander and he leaves;
15.4;1;Rabada to Lynn, 1 run 137kph, good length, fourth stump, he pushes on the front foot and places this through cover-point;
15.3;?;Rabada to Lynn, no run back of a length, off stump line, he defends from the crease with the full face into the off side;
15.2;4;Rabada to Lynn, FOUR runs smashed through cover-point! This was shorter and wider and he stands with a solid base and a trademark slash through the field and it races away;
15.1;?;Rabada to Lynn, no run 136kph, back of a length, he drives from the crease to cover-point who is inside the circle;
14.6;?;Phehlukwayo to Carey, no run 128kph, good length, fourth stump line, he pushes firmly on the front foot to cover;
14.5;?;Phehlukwayo to Carey, no run 127kph, good length on off, he's forward and playing a rock solid defensive stroke;
14.4;1;Phehlukwayo to Lynn, 1 run 123kph, short and wide and cut hard to the man sweeping at deep cover-point;
14.3;1;Phehlukwayo to Carey, 1 run back of a length, 128kph wide of off, he's back and running this with a late cut towards third man;
14.2;?;Phehlukwayo to Carey, no run 126kph, good length, off stump, he defends on the front foot to cover;
14.1;2;Phehlukwayo to Carey, 2 runs around the wicket, 129kph, hint of swing in, fuller, he drives off the inside half of the bat through a vacant midwicket;
13.6;?;Rabada to Lynn, no run 138kph, good length, a very late leave on length as it passes over off stump;
13.5;?;Rabada to Lynn, no run fuller length outside off, driven firmly to mid off;
13.4;?;Rabada to Lynn, no run 138kph, cuts him in half again, beating the inside edge! Wow, another cracker from a length nipping back past the inside edge;
13.3;1;Rabada to Carey, 1 run 135kph, good length angled into off, he pushes off the inside half of the bat through midwicket;
13.2;?;Rabada to Carey, no run 139kph, good length, well wide, he leaves, it wobbles again to de Kock and he takes it awkwardly;
13.1;?;Rabada to Carey, no run good length angled into off, he defends on the front foot and it hits the sticker of the bat hard;
12.6;?;Ngidi to Lynn, no run 138kph, very full, driven straight to the man at mid off;
12.5;1;Ngidi to Carey, 1 run angled in, full, inside edge as he drives, thick and well away from leg stump but it runs away for one;
12.4;1b;Ngidi to Lynn, 1 bye this cuts him half! 135kph! This nipped off the seam, back between bat and body, it knifed him in half, de Kock was horizontal to his left but couldn't glove it cleanly;
12.3;1;Ngidi to Carey, 1 run 129kph, shorter length, angled in and seaming away, he rides the bounce with soft hands and runs it through the vacant gully for one;
12.2;?;Ngidi to Carey, no run 138kph, good length, fourth stump line, and again he leaves on line this time watching it go past;
12.1;?;Ngidi to Carey, no run 136kph, back of a length off stump line, and he leaves on length, nicely done, no danger with the extra bounce as the ball flies way over the stumps;
11.6;4;Rabada to Lynn, FOUR runs full toss and driven down straight of mid on and the crowd cheers as it just gets to the rope! First boundary for Australia, finally!;
11.5;?;Rabada to Lynn, no run 137kph, this takes off and flies from a length, beats him as he fends from the crease and the keeper takes it above his head;
11.4;?;Rabada to Lynn, no run 140kph, good length, fourth stump, he defends firmly on the front foot to cover;
11.3;?;Rabada to Lynn, no run 139kph, fuller length outside off, he drives firmly to mid off but picks out the fielder;
11.2;?;Rabada to Lynn, no run 136kph, middle and off, he defends from the crease on the front foot to backward point with an open face;
11.1;?;Rabada to Lynn, no run good length outside off, he leaves this decisively through to the keeper;
10.6;?;Ngidi to Carey, no run good length, middle stump line, he defends towards mid on;
10.5;?;Ngidi to Carey, no run 136kph, short into the ribs and he tucks this away to square leg;
10.4;?;Ngidi to Carey, no run 135kph, back of a length into the hip and it hits the thigh pad hard as he tried to work it away;
10.3;?;Ngidi to Carey, no run fuller length, 135kph, he tries to drive but mistimes it, dragging it to mid on;
10.2;?;Ngidi to Carey, no run 126kph, back of a length, gets some extra bounce which Carey rides and defends on the back foot into the off side;
10.1;?;Ngidi to Carey, no run beats him with a beauty that nips away from a length past the edge;
9.6;1;Rabada to Carey, 1 run fuller, outside off, he drives but off a thick inside half of the bat it rolls straight of mid on and they pinch one;
9.5;?;Rabada to Carey, no run good length, this takes off from a length, but again he leaves on length and it flies through to the keeper;
9.4;?;Rabada to Carey, no run good length angling back in and he defends off the thick inside edge onto pad;
9.3;?;Rabada to Carey, no run 140kph, good length, across the left hander and nipping away, he leaves again to the keeper;
9.2;?;Rabada to Carey, no run 140kph, back of a length, nipping back a touch but it's outside off and bouncing, he leaves on length and it flies through to the keeper;
9.1;?;Rabada to Carey, no run 142kph, good length outside off, and he leaves this through to the keeper;
8.6;3;Steyn to Carey, 3 runs 139kph, over-pitched and again he drives nicely through cover-point, lovely timing and it doesn't make the rope at the very large square boundary;
8.5;?;Steyn to Carey, no run shorter length, outside off, plenty of bounce, he sways underneath it;
8.4;?;Steyn to Carey, no run half-volley 142kph, he drives hard but straight to cover;
8.3;?;Steyn to Carey, no run good length well wide and across him and he leaves alone again;
8.2;?;Steyn to Carey, no run 142kph good length across him wide of off and he leaves alone again;
8.1;?;Steyn to Carey, no run good length across the left hander, well wide and he leaves this alone;
7.6;2;Rabada to Lynn, 2 runs 139kph full toss, into middle and he works this cautiously wide of mid but times it well enough for a couple;
7.5;?;Rabada to Lynn, no run back of a length outside off, he's defending and it hits the sticker of the bat hard;
7.4;1b;Rabada to Carey, 1 bye 138kph, short ball, he sways under it as it flies to de Kock who mis-gloves it, it wobbled at him and came off his fingers away for a bye;
7.3;?;Rabada to Carey, no run 138kph, good length, across him again and he lets this one go to the keeper this time;
7.2;?;Rabada to Carey, no run 138kph, beaten by one that seams away from a length across the left hander who just prods forward at it;
7.1;?;Rabada to Carey, no run 138kph, good length, off stump line, he defends on the front foot;
6.6;?;Steyn to Lynn, no run 138kph back of a length, defended towards backward point;
6.5;?;Steyn to Lynn, no run 137kph, good length, middle and off, he defends awkwardly from the crease back to the bowler;
6.4;3;Steyn to Carey, 3 runs full and square driven nicely through cover-point with control, he didn't throw the hands too hard at it;
6.3;1;Steyn to Lynn, 1 run 138kph, back of a length, wide of off, he runs this away off the open blade through the vacant gully to third man;
6.2;?;Steyn to Lynn, no run driven firmly to cover and Klaasen makes a great diving save to his right! He timed that so well but no run;
6.1;?;Steyn to Lynn, no run beaten again sparring outside off! Another pure outswinger that zips away past the edge;
5.6;?;Ngidi to Carey, no run 138kph, short into the hip and he defends into midwicket;
5.5;W;Ngidi to Finch, OUT LBW! Finch walks off. No review! This was a good length wide of off, nipped back sharply and hits above the knee roll, and Aleem Dar gives it! He was on his toes on the crease. There is a lot of bounce in this track. Hawkeye had it going over the stumps! How did they not review that! There has been a lot of pace and bounce. That's an error from Australia;Aaron Finch lbw b Ngidi 5 (17b 0x4 0x6) SR: 29.41;
5.4;?;Ngidi to Finch, no run 139kph, booming attempted drive and miss from Finch. This was wide but not a half-volley, extra bounce flies past the flashing blade;
5.3;?;Ngidi to Finch, no run 132kph, back of a length wide of off, he's rising on his toes and defending into the off side;
5.2;?;Ngidi to Finch, no run 137kph, fuller length, off stump line, he drives nicely to mid off;
5.1;2;Ngidi to Finch, 2 runs angled into leg stump and he tucks this behind square nicely;
4.6;?;Steyn to Lynn, no run 138kph back of a length outside off, he pushes from the crease to backward point;
4.5;?;Steyn to Lynn, no run 138kph, similar line and length and Lynn wisely lets it go outside off;
4.4;?;Steyn to Lynn, no run 138kph, beats him with a cracking outswinger! Wow, what a delivery, good length, swings away, he fends and misses.;
4.3;?;Steyn to Lynn, no run 138kph, good length, fourth stump line, he defends on the front foot with soft hands;
4.2;?;Steyn to Lynn, no run 139kph, good length, middle stump, he's squared up a touch on the front foot defending;
4.1;?;Steyn to Lynn, no run 138kph, good length outswinger, he fends from the crease away into the gully;
3.6;?;Ngidi to Finch, no run 138kph, fuller at off stump, he's forward and defending off the inside half of the bat that runs away to square leg;
3.5;?;Ngidi to Finch, no run 136kph, good length, angled in from wide of the crease, it hits the seam and nips away and flies to the keeper as Finch leaves;
3.4;?;Ngidi to Finch, no run 137kph, way wide of off stump, sixth stump line, he leaves this well alone;
3.3;?;Ngidi to Finch, no run 132kph, back of a length, a touch shorter, he's pressing forward and defending into the off side;
3.2;?;Ngidi to Finch, no run back of a length, 138kph, angled into off, he's forward and defending, it hits the sticker of the bat hard;
3.1;?;Ngidi to Finch, no run 137kph, wide of the crease, back of a length, angling back into the right hander, he shoulders arms and it flies through to the keeper;
2.6;2;Steyn to Lynn, 2 runs onto the pads, 138kph, he clips this away nicely through midwicket, timed well enough to get a couple;
2.5;W;Steyn to Short, OUT edged and what a catch by du Plessis at second slip! Another full ball across the left hander, he launches into a drive, again not a big forward stride, thick edge, flies high to the skipper's left and he jumps and takes a superb catch flying up with two hands above his left shoulder! Great bowling and catching from South Africa.;D'Arcy Short c du Plessis b Steyn 0 (2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
2.4;?;Steyn to Short, no run 142kph, back of a length across the left hander and he leaves awkwardly as it flees to the keeper;
2.3;W;Steyn to Head, OUT edged and caught behind! This was almost a half-volley, across the left-hander, Head's feet were stuck in cement on the crease as threw the hands at a drive and got a thin edge through to de Kock and he gleefully accepts the simple catch. Great start for the great Dale Steyn.;Travis Head c ?de Kock b Steyn 1 (9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 11.11;
2.2;1;Steyn to Finch, 1 run 139kph, back of a length, quick feet, he's back and working to the gap in midwicket for one, good batting;
2.1;?;Steyn to Finch, no run 140kph, great length, off stump, hint of swing away, he presses forward and defends firmly back to the bowler;
1.6;?;Ngidi to Head, no run 135kph, fuller on middle, he pushes a ball on the front foot mid on;
1.5;?;Ngidi to Head, no run good length, middle and off, he's defending on the front foot;
1.4;?;Ngidi to Head, no run 135kph, much shorter, he's standing up and punching off the back foot to cover;
1.3;?;Ngidi to Head, no run 136kph, beaten fending at one that nips away off the seam outside off stump! Stuck on the crease, that seamed and bounced;
1.2;?;Ngidi to Head, no run 137kph, good length angling across, he defends on the front foot to mid off;
1.1;?;Ngidi to Head, no run 134kph, shorter and angling across, he's squared up completely defending towards point;
0.6;?;Steyn to Finch, no run 136kph, back of a length, off stump line, he stands up and defends on the back foot to cover;
0.5;?;Steyn to Finch, no run 134kph, good length, hint of shape away and again he leaves this alone;
0.4;?;Steyn to Finch, no run 135kph, good length, fifth stump line, no swing evident, he shoulders arms and lets this pass. Good carry to the keeper;
0.3;2;Steyn to Finch, 2 runs leg stump, 134kph, he clips this neatly behind square on the leg side and fine leg has to come around, an easy two for Finch;
0.2;1;Steyn to Head, 1 run shorter length, he drops it at his feet on the leg side and they hustle through for a quick one;
0.1;?;Steyn to Head, no run 135kph beaten outside off. What a beauty first up, good length, fourth stump across him and no swing and it zipped past the edge;

11.18am We're almost ready for the first ball. Travis Head and Aaron Finch are out there. Head will face the first ball from Dale Steyn. Two slips in.
11.10am The players are coming out for the anthems.
Sarthak Mittal: "Why isnt Morris playing? He is South Africa best all rounder and should be given game time before the world cup."
He hasn't played an ODI since February. He didn't play against either Sri Lanka or Zimbabwe and played domestic cricket in October instead.
Pranav: "Is Australia being elite honest? They haven't picked a specialist spinner in the playing XI (and I doubt the ability of Maxwell, Short, Head, and to some extent, Finch, as part-timers)"
The Australia selectors, Justin Langer and Greg Chappell, were understood to be set to pick Zampa and leave Cummins out. But the expected pace and bounce in the wicket changed their minds. Aaron Finch said at the toss they liked the way D'Arcy Short bowled in the T20 series in the UAE and they were comfortable to rely on his left-arm wrist spin as the alternative option alongside the four quicks. They also have the medium pace of Stoinis.
11.00am So a lot of fast bowling on both sides. No specialist spinner for Australia and an interesting batting order. Klaasen and Phehlukwayo didn't play the warm-up game for South Africa.
max: "disappointed zampa isnt playing but this is the kind of team make up that asutralia dominated with leading up to last world cup"
Nishant : "I think SA and IND have same problem, no bowler in top 6 and a long tail. Both teams are heavily dependent on Andile-Duminy and Hardik-Jhadhav respectively. what's your say Andrew and Alex? And please be elite honest."
South Africa have certainly battled trying to replace Jacques Kallis in both ODI and Test cricket. As any side would with a player of such incredible value. He was one of a kind and virtually three cricketers in one.
10.50am South Africa have won the toss and will bowl "Looks a nice, fast wicket," says Faf du Plessis. "Hopefully our seam attack can do some damage."
Finch says he would have bowled first as well, but he's not too disappointed. He doesn't think the pitch will change
Australia Aaron Finch, Travis Head, D'arcy Short, Chris Lynn, Alex Carey, Glenn Maxwell, Marcus Stoinis, Nathan Coulter-Nile, Pat Cummins, Mitchell Starc, Josh Hazlewood
South Africa Quinton de Kock, Aiden Markram, Reeza Hendricks, Faf du Plessis, Heinrich Klaasen, David Miller, Andile Phehlukwayo, Dale Steyn, Kagiso Rabada, Lungi Ngidi, Imran Tahir
Matt: "Of all the drama facing Cricket Australia over the past few weeks, perhaps the biggest test comes today when Aussies turn on their TV and realise that this game isn't being televised free-to-air. Backlash expected."
10.40am Ten minutes until the toss. We know that Marsh is out and Short is in. What will the balance of Australia's attack be? The fast bowling of both sides should be a feature of this series: Starc, Cummins, Hazlewood, Steyn, Rabada, Ngidi. Tasty.
Dhaval: "As an Indian fan, I would like Australia to grow stronger as a team. This way we get to enjoy some competitiveness when we go Down-Under. Another reason it's always good for the game. Hope there are no one-siders. Both teams are in building phase. One after a sad saga. And other after a sad retirement. #MissAB"
Elliot D'Arcy: "The idea that Australia were the only ones cheating, and have somehow brought the game into disrepute is utter nonsense. South Africa was guilty of ball tampering three times between 2013 and 2016, and their leadership team and those responsible have remained. Tampering is rife, anybody whose paying any attention knows this. Singling out Australia is unfair." It was just the tampering aspect, though, that caused this huge meltdown. However, Justin Langer had similar sentiments about the issue.
Naman: "Both these teams are a shadow of what they were at the last World Cup. Both teams especially need to work on their batting. And both teams do NOT look like serious contenders for the next year's tournament as of now."
10.30am Australia's ODI form was dire before all the problems struck. They have been poor for almost two years now and look a long way of being to defend their World Cup title. But they do have some guns back with the ball for this series, although need much more from their batsmen as well.
South Africa lost their warm-up match against the PM's XI in Canberra, but have been ticking over nicely in one-day cricket of late with an away series win in Sri Lanka and a home cleansweep against Zimbabwe. However, they still have some questions to answer before the World Cup. One man firmly back in the frame is Dale Steyn. But former captain Graeme Smith has picked out two players he thinks need to lift before next year's tournament.
10.15am Drama is not usually far away when these sides meet, of all variety! Here are five of the best contests between Australia and South Africa drawn up by Liam Brickhill.
Jeff Perkins: "Elite honesty is presumably like Alternate Facts - Lies. Cricket lacks a proper euphemism for these as the term 'spin' has already been taken."
10.05am Australia's new era, or whatever it is to be called, has so far spluttered along under Justin Langer, Tim Paine and Aaron Finch. Can they launch a summer of revival? Their first opponents are, again, South Africa who have promised not to mention ball-tampering, or sandpaper.
Those events at Newlands have had huge knock-on effects, which came to a head last week in Melbourne with the release of cultural and team reviews. You can catch up with all that here. A few days after that David Peever, the CA chairman, was forced to resign.
Now, at least, there's some cricket to talk about. So let's get to it.
Early team news Shaun Marsh has been withdrawn from today's game to have minor surgery. This from a CA spokesman: "Shaun Marsh has been withdrawn from today's match. He will have minor surgery on an abscess in his buttock region today. We'll monitor his recovery, but are hopeful Shaun will be available for the second ODI against South Africa in Adelaide. D'Arcy Short comes into the side."
9.50am "The umpires have come together for a conflab, which is always ominous news. They are having a chat with Cameron Bancroft, and there could be something afoot here... they wanted to know what was in his pocket... and he shows them a soft cloth, a sunglasses case by the looks of it ... seems to have died down for now, whatever might have been brewing there... on we go. Will elaborate if needs be!"
That was how ESPNcricinfo's ball-by-ball recorded the moment when Australia was plunged into crisis earlier this year. They have played since then, in England, Zimbabwe and UAE, but this is their first outing on home soil since Cameron Bancroft put sandpaper down his pants at Newlands (and both Steven Smith and David Warner were banned for a year).
Hello and welcome to our coverage of Australia's men beginning their home international summer. I'm Andrew McGlashan and along with Alex Malcolm will bring you all the 'elite' action today. (By the way, if anyone knows what 'elite honesty' is, please do let us know over feedback).
Kishan Patel: "For all those of you who are saying that the ban was over the limit need to understand that the penalty needs to be severe inorder to not over a repeat of this; moreover, cheating should never be tolerated in any sport! The fact that they tried to hide it when asked about it makes it worse. They deserved a longer ban because you they have tarnished the name of our beloved sport! #StillFuming #Cricinfo"
 Innings Start
5.45pm It's Gnasher back with you to close things out for today. Hopefully we'll hear from the two captains. If you want some more live cricket, the Bangladesh-Zimbabwe Test is currently going on
Aaron Finch "Disappointed, didn't play anywhere near our potential. South Africa put us on the back foot early. You never just put it to bed, it's an opportunity to learn and improve. We've been training very well. We'll review the game, keep training and look forward to Adelaide. We were a bit careless at times, attention to detail. We were off the mark slightly. Everything has to go right to defend a small total. It was going around quite a bit early on, full credit to SA they played nicely."
Faf du Plessis "Yeah, very good. Exceptional with the ball and in the field. A very good day in the office. Brilliant to have Dale back. It's good to have that x-factor in your bowling attack. I like to take the positive option. Sometimes it was tricky out there, the odd one bouncing, but they batted nicely. Dave's run out was exceptional. Nice to see the fielding click. I'd have liked us to be a little more clinical, maybe eight, nine wickets but we'll take the win."
The Man of the Match is Dale Steyn "Nice to finish a game without breaking down in Australia. It was a good wicket to bowl on. We've got some great quicks and bowled exceptionally well. The plan is to hit hard lengths, not give them too much width. I'll take any wickets I can take in one-day cricket. International cricket is a whole other beast, when you step up it's a whole other thing."
That's just about wraps things up for today. A comprehensive start for South Africa and a host of questions remain for Australia. We'll be back for the second match in Adelaide on Friday but until then it's goodbye from Andrew and Alex and thanks for joining us.
5.37pm That was clinical from South Africa. They take a 1-0 lead in the three match series. They razed the Australian top order via a stunning spell from Dale Steyn and then great follow up work from Ngidi, Rabada and Phehlukwayo. Then de Kock, Hendricks and Markram made pretty light work of the chase. Marcus Stoinis nabbed three wickets but there wasn't much else to get excited about for Australia.
29.2;2;Stoinis to Miller, 2 runs full on leg stump clipped off the toes wide of fine leg and there's the win;
29.1;W;Stoinis to Klaasen, OUT edged at caught at first slip! Well bowled by Stoinis. A good length ball, just outside off, he tries to drive on the up with no footwork, it bounces a little, catches the edge and flies to Finch at first slip who catches it infront of his eyes. Three for Stoinis;Heinrich Klaasen c Finch b Stoinis 2 (5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 40;
28.6;1;Starc to Klaasen, 1 run full outside off, squeezed out past backward point;
28.5;3;Starc to du Plessis, 3 runs 140kph, short and wide and cut away forward of point, to the big boundary, and they run an easy three;
28.4;?;Starc to du Plessis, no run 124kph, slower ball, on middle and off, he defends on middle and off, into the leg side;
28.3;?;Starc to du Plessis, no run 139kph, full on off, he drives to mid off but it wasn't well timed and straight to the man;
28.2;?;Starc to du Plessis, no run 138kph, good length, way wide of off, and he lets it go;
28.1;2;Starc to du Plessis, 2 runs 139kph, good length outside off, he drives on the up past cover, times this OK and they get a couple;
27.6;?;Stoinis to Klaasen, no run 132kph, full on off, driven firmly to mid on but he can't beat the man;
27.5;1;Stoinis to du Plessis, 1 run 125kph, back of a length outside off, he punches off the back foot wide of mid off;
27.4;1;Stoinis to Klaasen, 1 run short ball, outside off, he rides the bounce and runs this with control down to third man;
27.3;?;Stoinis to Klaasen, no run 134kph, very full outside off, he drives with an open blade to backward point;
27.2;W;Stoinis to Markram, OUT chopped on! He is annoyed at this. It was short and wide, he tried to play a cut but it stayed a touch lower and held up, he got an inside edge and dragged it back onto the stumps. Markram was furious;Aiden Markram b Stoinis 36 (32b 6x4 0x6) SR: 112.5;
27.1;?;Stoinis to Markram, no run 131kph, back of a length, off stump, he defends into the gully and they think about one but decide against it;
26.6;?;Starc to du Plessis, no run 139kph, short and lifting across him, he sways underneath it comfortably and lets it pass to the keeper;
26.5;?;Starc to du Plessis, no run 136kph, yorker length, he drops the bat down and squeezer it out to backward point;
26.4;?;Starc to du Plessis, no run 137kph, wide half volley, he drives but mis times straight to cover;
26.3;?;Starc to du Plessis, no run 139kph, hint of shape into the right hander, he turns this to midwicket but can't beat the fielder;
26.2;2;Starc to du Plessis, 2 runs 136kph, fuller length outside off, he drives neatly between cover and mid off for a couple;
26.1;?;Starc to du Plessis, no run 137kph, middle stump, back of a length, he defends with the full face back to the bowler;
25.6;4;Stoinis to Markram, FOUR runs chipped nicely up and over midwicket! This was angled into leg stump, he just lifted this with the bottom hand up and over the man at catching midwicket, he times it perfectly, cleared the man and it runs away;
25.5;1;Stoinis to du Plessis, 1 run 134kph, half-volley outside off, he drives with a lot of bottom hand wide of mid off and goes with it as the fielder dives to his left;
25.4;?;Stoinis to du Plessis, no run 130kph, angled into middle and off, he turns this with the angle to mid on;
25.3;?;Stoinis to du Plessis, no run 134kph, good length, this spits off a length and hits the bat high on the splice, du Plessis rips his bottom hand of the bat;
25.2;?;Stoinis to du Plessis, no run 126kph, back of a length, fifth stump, he tries to force off the back foot, he mistimes and drags it to mid on;
25.1;?;Stoinis to du Plessis, no run 131kph, good length, off stump, he check drives firmly to mid off;
24.6;?;Hazlewood to Markram, no run 136kph, back of a length outside off, he punches off the back foot to backward point;
24.5;1;Hazlewood to du Plessis, 1 run 132kph, good length outside off, he defends into the vacant gully and they run one;
24.4;1lb;Hazlewood to Markram, 1 leg bye 135kph, short onto the hip, it comes off the thigh pad and falls into the leg side and they pinch one;
24.3;?;Hazlewood to Markram, no run 137kph, back of a length on off, he defends off the back foot;
24.2;?;Hazlewood to Markram, no run back of a length outside off, he mistimes a punch off the back foot to cover;
24.1;4;Hazlewood to Markram, FOUR runs gloves an attempted pull fine past the keeper! This was short on the hip and it got onto him quickly, his pull came off the gloves but went wide of the keeper and fine to the fence;
23.6;?;Stoinis to du Plessis, no run 132kph, back of a length, he stands up and punches to cover;
23.5;1;Stoinis to Markram, 1 run 133kph, good length wide of off, run neatly down to third man;
23.4;2;Stoinis to Markram, 2 runs short ball, pulled very high to deep square leg but there's no one out there and it falls safely;
23.3;4;Stoinis to Markram, FOUR runs 134kph, angled to middle and leg, clipped nicely wide of mid on and a misfield from Lynn! Oh no! He should've cut this off but didn't get down and it ran away;
23.2;?;Stoinis to Markram, no run 134kph, full length, outside off, driven very firmly back to the bowler. That was crunched;
23.1;?;Stoinis to Markram, no run 133kph, full on off, he pushes firmly on the front foot to mid on;
22.6;?;Hazlewood to du Plessis, no run 136kph, fuller and closer to off, he drives firmly back to the bowler;
22.5;?;Hazlewood to du Plessis, no run back of a length, wide of off again, he leaves once more;
22.4;?;Hazlewood to du Plessis, no run 136kph, wide of the crease, good length, angled into off, he defends on the front foot to cover;
22.3;?;Hazlewood to du Plessis, no run 135kph, fifth stump line, good length, he leaves alone again;
22.2;?;Hazlewood to du Plessis, no run 139kph, good length outside off, fifth stump, he leaves it easily;
22.1;1;Hazlewood to Markram, 1 run 135kph, short on off, he's back nicely on his toes and tucking this forward of square to the gap;
21.6;W;Stoinis to Hendricks, OUT caught at mid on! A bizarre dismissal. It was a good length, he tried to launch down the ground, it bounced a touch and got him a bit quicker, it hit the splice of the bat and ballooned up to mid on and Lynn waltzed around to take a very easy catch.;Reeza Hendricks c Lynn b Stoinis 44 (74b 4x4 0x6) SR: 59.45;
21.5;?;Stoinis to Hendricks, no run 134kph, back of a length, nipping back, it hits him on the thigh and doubles him over a touch;
21.4;?;Stoinis to Hendricks, no run 131kph, back of a length outside off, he pushes off the back foot to cover-point;
21.3;?;Stoinis to Hendricks, no run 132kph, good length on middle, he defends on the front foot to midwicket;
21.2;?;Stoinis to Hendricks, no run 133kph, good length on off, he's defending on the front foot to cover;
21.1;?;Stoinis to Hendricks, no run 128kph, full and angled way down leg, he missed out trying to clip to leg and it runs off the pad;
20.6;4;Hazlewood to Markram, FOUR runs cracking pull shot this time! Markram is rolling now. This was short outside off, he was back and swivelling on a pull, he didn't nail it, forward square was diving to his right and had half a chance but it was wide of the hand and raced to the rope;
20.5;4;Hazlewood to Markram, FOUR runs another glorious square drive this time! This was not a half volley, but wide, and on the up he thrashes this forward of point on the front foot;
20.4;?;Hazlewood to Markram, no run 131kph, wide of the crease angled at off stump, he defends from a good length back to mid off;
20.3;?;Hazlewood to Markram, no run good length, off stump, he defends comfortably off the front foot;
20.2;4;Hazlewood to Markram, FOUR runs magnificent cover-drive! This was a half-volley and Markram hammered it through the covers with ease and immense power;
20.1;2;Hazlewood to Markram, 2 runs 131kph, short outside off, he cuts nicely past backward point and they run well to get two on the arm from third man;
19.6;?;Cummins to Hendricks, no run 144kph, back of a length, off stump, he defends off the back foot to midwicket;
19.5;1lb;Cummins to Markram, 1 leg bye short on the hip and pulled to fine leg;
19.4;?;Cummins to Markram, no run 141kph, fifth stump line, he's up on his toes defending with soft hands dropping it at his feet;
19.3;3;Cummins to Hendricks, 3 runs 141kph, he stands tall and plays a glorious back foot drive, cracks it past cover and again the Australians have a long chase to haul it in just short of the rope;
19.2;?;Cummins to Hendricks, no run good length, off stump, he defends neatly to cover;
19.1;1;Cummins to Markram, 1 run edged and just short and wide of second slip! It was the perfect length, squared him up, he edged down short of the diving Finch and it runs to third man;
18.6;3;Coulter-Nile to Markram, 3 runs square drives and on the up, nice strike past point, it wasn't timed perfectly and Maxwell pulls it in centimetres from the rope!;
18.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Markram, no run 138kph, cross seam, back of a length, fourth stump, he pushes firmly off the back foot to cover;
18.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Markram, no run back of a length, off stump, he defends with the full face to cover;
18.3;3;Coulter-Nile to Hendricks, 3 runs short and wide of off, punched off the back foot past backward point and it forces a chase for Maxwell;
18.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Hendricks, no run fuller outside off, he drives hard to mid off;
18.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Hendricks, no run 137kph back of a length, off stump line, he defends off the back foot to cover-point;
17.6;?;Cummins to Markram, no run shorter length, 140kph, he is jumping and defending to midwicket;
17.5;?;Cummins to Markram, no run back of a length on off, he defends into the off side;
17.5;1w;Cummins to Markram, 1 wide caught behind off the glove down leg! Given out! Markram reviews immediately. This was short down leg, he tried to pull and got cramped, it went through to Carey and Australians were convinced. Hot spot and snicko have proved conclusively he missed it! Aleem Dar has to change his decision. Not out!;
17.4;2;Cummins to Markram, 2 runs 142kph, good length off stump, he gets this off the inside half of the bat defending at it rund through forward square and they sprint back for two;
17.3;?;Cummins to Markram, no run good length, off stump line, he stands up and defends to mid on;
17.2;?;Cummins to Markram, no run 141kph, short outside off, he shapes to cut but it stays a touch low and shoots under the bat through to the keeper!;
17.1;?;Cummins to Markram, no run 141kph, good length at off stump, he's covering up solidly in defence;
16.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Hendricks, no run 137kph, fuller length, fourth stump line, he drives to cover but can't beat the man diving to his left;
16.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Hendricks, no run 138kph, back of a length outside off, he defends off the back foot to point;
16.4;W;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, OUT A breakthrough! De Kock looking to finish the game quickly, aiming to loft straight down the ground, comes from low down on the bat and goes very high, but without much distance. Mid-off settles underneath it;Quinton de Kock c Hazlewood b Coulter-Nile 47 (40b 7x4 0x6) SR: 117.5;
16.3;4;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, FOUR runs another big leg-side flick, angled into the pads, he deliberately goes in the air and gets it between deep square and long leg;
16.2;1lb;Coulter-Nile to Hendricks, 1 leg bye takes another blow from a short one as he isn't able to sway out of the line, comes off his arm, I think, and deflects past slip;
16.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Hendricks, no run full, wide with his first ball back but the drive picks out cover;
15.6;1;Cummins to Hendricks, 1 run finds the outside edge, think Hendricks was trying to pull his bat away, flies well wide of the lone slip;
15.5;?;Cummins to Hendricks, no run defends a length ball into the covers;
15.4;?;Cummins to Hendricks, no run beats the outside with one that holds its line, doesn't carry on the full to Carey;
15.3;4;Cummins to Hendricks, FOUR runs he's driven nicely and this is another one, between cover and mid-off;
15.2;?;Cummins to Hendricks, no run back of a length at off stump, 143kph, defended to the covers;
15.1;1;Cummins to de Kock, 1 run works a length ball into the on side;
14.6;4;Starc to Hendricks, FOUR runs dismissive! Fetch that says Hendricks, a short ball outside off which he pulls with real power wide of mid-on;
14.5;?;Starc to Hendricks, no run well bowled, spears in the toe-crusher from round the wicket but Hendricks is able to dig it out;
14.4;1;Starc to de Kock, 1 run angled into the pads, beats midwicket;
14.3;4;Starc to de Kock, FOUR runs flashed over the slips as he goes after a short ball, threw everything at it, gets a big top edge that flies down to third man;
14.2;1;Starc to Hendricks, 1 run drives this in the air, square towards point, but it falls short of Maxwell;
14.1;?;Starc to Hendricks, no run round the wicket, full outside off, driven sweetly to mid-off;
13.6;1;Cummins to Hendricks, 1 run full outside off, punched into the covers;
13.5;1;Cummins to de Kock, 1 run short of a length outside off, a whip-pull sends it through midwicket;
13.4;3;Cummins to Hendricks, 3 runs excellent batting, he's been given a bit of a working over from Cummins but he neatly punches this off the back foot through the covers;
13.3;?;Cummins to Hendricks, no run sharp bouncer! Cummins is going through the gears, a bouncer which zips over his head;
13.2;?;Cummins to Hendricks, no run good length, straight, solidly behind the line the ball after that nasty delivery;
13.1;?;Cummins to Hendricks, no run nasty blow, brute of a ball! Short of a length, jumps wildly at Hendricks and goes between his bat and gloves into the shoulder;
12.6;?;Starc to de Kock, no run aims to square drive this away, but it's a little close to him and he's cramped for room. Beats the top edge;
12.5;3;Starc to Hendricks, 3 runs through the off side again, very full outside off, doesn't quite have the legs to reach the rope this time;
12.4;1;Starc to de Kock, 1 run short of a length, flicked off his hip into square leg;
12.3;1b;Starc to Hendricks, 1 bye plays over the top of a very full delivery outside off, bursts through Carey's gloves;
12.2;?;Starc to Hendricks, no run back of a length at middle, 142kph, defended to backward point off the outer part of the bat;
12.1;1;Starc to de Kock, 1 run that's a well-directed bouncer, de Kock is in two minds whether to pull or leave it alone, ends up flapping into midwicket;
11.6;?;Cummins to Hendricks, no run this angles back into Hendricks, beats the inside edge and strikes him a rather painful blow on the leg;
11.5;?;Cummins to Hendricks, no run good length at off stump, 144kph, defended;
11.4;?;Cummins to Hendricks, no run full and straight, defended back past a diving Cummins in his followthrough;
11.3;?;Cummins to Hendricks, no run a bouncer outside off, 144kph, he sways out of the line;
11.2;?;Cummins to Hendricks, no run beaten by a full one outside off, Hendricks is just hanging a little leg side of the ball;
11.1;?;Cummins to Hendricks, no run back of a length, defended to the on side;
10.6;1;Starc to Hendricks, 1 run goes for the yorker, it's on target with just a hint of shape, runs off the face down to third man;
10.5;2;Starc to Hendricks, 2 runs another back-foot drive, short-of-a-length delivery, goes in the air for quite a while but wide of mid-off;
10.4;?;Starc to Hendricks, no run that's a good 'un, banged in short at the body, he jumps to defend, comes off the splice;
10.4;1w;Starc to Hendricks, 1 wide very wide outside off, Hendricks chases it and gets the wide call;
10.3;?;Starc to Hendricks, no run short of a length outside off, driven from the back foot to mid-off;
10.2;1;Starc to de Kock, 1 run square drives into the covers, good diving save by Head but they are able to complete the single;
10.1;?;Starc to de Kock, no run that's a wild drive outside off, aiming on the up, the ball flies over the top edge;
9.6;?;Cummins to Hendricks, no run well bowled, good length outside off, Hendricks hanging back a little and is comprehensively beaten;
9.5;?;Cummins to Hendricks, no run back of a length, straight, good wheels at 146kph, worked into midwicket;
9.4;?;Cummins to Hendricks, no run well bowled, a length ball nips back and takes the inside edge...nearly cuts him in half;
9.3;?;Cummins to Hendricks, no run good length at off stump, 143kph, defended on the front foot;
9.2;?;Cummins to Hendricks, no run tucked into the leg side;
9.1;?;Cummins to Hendricks, no run full at off stump, defended;
8.6;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run short outside off, drops it towards backward point;
8.5;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run worked off the pads behind square on the leg side;
8.4;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run back of a length at off stump, defended to the on side of the stumps;
8.3;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run extra bounce as this jumps from short of a length, hammers into his bottom hand;
8.2;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run angled in from round the wicket, short of a length, takes the thigh pad;
8.1;2;Hazlewood to de Kock, 2 runs round the wicket, short of a length outside off, chopped through backward point, wide of third man;
7.6;4;Starc to Hendricks, FOUR runs gets another one through the off side, a more punchy drive this time, no quite so pleasing on the eye but the result is the same as he scoots wide of mid-off;
7.5;?;Starc to Hendricks, no run he pulls the length back, on off stump, defended;
7.4;4;Starc to Hendricks, FOUR runs cracking shot! That's a beauty from Hendricks as he crashes a full delivery, outside off, on the up through the covers. A candidate for shot of the day;
7.3;?;Starc to Hendricks, no run angled across outside off, left alone;
7.2;?;Starc to Hendricks, no run short, at the body, defended off the splice of the bat to the off side;
7.1;?;Starc to Hendricks, no run short of a length on off stump, 146kph, defended to the covers;
6.6;1;Hazlewood to Hendricks, 1 run full outside off, not quite off the middle as he plays forward, squirts off a thick inside edge towards square leg;
6.5;3;Hazlewood to de Kock, 3 runs poor line again, fuller but still on the pads, flicked wide of mid-on as the score rattles along;
6.4;4;Hazlewood to de Kock, FOUR runs flamboyance from de Kock! On the pads and he picks it up over the leg side, strong use of the wrists, dispatches it towards deep square leg;
6.3;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run full on the stumps, driven firmly to mid-off;
6.2;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run an aborted appeal for lbw because this pitched well outside leg, de Kock aiming to work through the on side;
6.1;3;Hazlewood to Hendricks, 3 runs it's a driving range at the moment, full outside off, comes forward and places it sweetly wide of mid-off;
5.6;3;Starc to Hendricks, 3 runs another strong drive, this time from Hendricks as he comes forward and drives square through point...big chase and flick back by Maxwell saves a run;
5.5;1;Starc to de Kock, 1 run driven into the off side for a sharp single;
5.4;?;Starc to de Kock, no run big appeal for lbw as de Kock flicks across the line of a full delivery, but was it angling down leg side? Yeah, missing leg;
5.3;2;Starc to de Kock, 2 runs angled into the pads, flicked in front of square for another brace;
5.2;?;Starc to de Kock, no run pulls the length back, outside off, left alone;
5.1;2;Starc to de Kock, 2 runs and he's driving nicely again, strides forward into a full one outside off, places it between cover and mid-off;
4.6;?;Hazlewood to Hendricks, no run 139kph, full on off, he drives firmly straight to mid off;
4.5;?;Hazlewood to Hendricks, no run 137kph, half-volley, driven inside out to backward point but straight to Maxwell;
4.4;?;Hazlewood to Hendricks, no run 142kph, well wide of off, tempting full length but Hendricks has no interest in playing at it;
4.3;?;Hazlewood to Hendricks, no run 136kph, short ball wide of off, he's quick to sway under it and let it pass harmlessly by;
4.2;?;Hazlewood to Hendricks, no run 137kph, back of a length outside off, coming back off the seam but he leaves on length and it goes through to the keeper;
4.1;?;Hazlewood to Hendricks, no run 141kph, fifth stump line, good length, he leaves comfortably outside off;
3.6;?;Starc to de Kock, no run 144kph, this rears off a length, it took off! He tried to drive on the up and it flew way over the edge and to the keeper above his head!;
3.5;1;Starc to Hendricks, 1 run 144kph, back of a length, squares him up in defence, gets a thick outside edge along the ground through the vacant gully to third man;
3.4;2;Starc to Hendricks, 2 runs 140kph, climbs off a length outside off, he cuts and slices it of off the top edge wide of third man and it lands very safely;
3.3;?;Starc to Hendricks, no run 143kph, back of a length and some lift and bounce, he leaves, and this flies through head height to the keeper;
3.2;?;Starc to Hendricks, no run 141kph, good length well wide of off, he leaves, it stays a touch low and bounces before it gets to Carey;
3.1;?;Starc to Hendricks, no run 145kph, fullish length outside off, not much swing back, he pushes firmly to cover;
2.6;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run shorter length, well wide of off and going away, he raises the bat above his head and lets it go;
2.5;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run 140kph, beats him with one that nips away off the good length outside off;
2.4;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run 141kph, good length, off stump, he defends on the front foot;
2.3;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run 144kph, good length, across him and he edges well short of second slip;
2.2;4;Hazlewood to de Kock, FOUR runs too straight, down leg, tucked fine! The overcorrection from Hazlewood is taxed. It was into the hip and he turned this fine with ease for four;
2.1;4;Hazlewood to de Kock, FOUR runs another superb cover drive! This was floated up outside off and he climbs into a drive crunching it wide of cover and it races away;
1.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Hendricks, no run half volley driven very hard but straight to cover;
1.6;5w;Coulter-Nile to Hendricks, 5 wide five wides fired way down leg! This was a poor delivery and it pitched just short of Carey and he couldn't glove it and it races to the rope;
1.5;1;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, 1 run short and wide, cut hard and Maxwell makes a diving stop knocking it down, they get one but he saved a boundary;
1.4;4;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, FOUR runs sumptuous drive on the up past mid off! Supreme stroke from de Kock. This was wide but not a half volley and he leans into it and places it wide of mid off and it races away;
1.3;2;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, 2 runs again swinging into the pads, 138kph, he glances this away behind square and fine leg comes around;
1.2;4;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, FOUR runs 138kph, half volley on leg and he clips this beautifully wide of mid on! Lovely timing;
1.1;?;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, no run 135kph, good length swinging back in to the left hander, he's forward and pushing firmly to mid on;
0.6;?;Hazlewood to Hendricks, no run 142kph, good length well wide of off, he leaves this alone through to the keeper;
0.5;?;Hazlewood to Hendricks, no run 142kph, back of a length, nipping back, hits the inside edge and onto the body, it drops safely on the off side;
0.4;?;Hazlewood to Hendricks, no run 144kph, beaten by a beauty, fourth stump line, back of a length, he shuffles across the crease trying to defend and it flies past the edge;
0.3;?;Hazlewood to Hendricks, no run 142kph, fourth stump line, good length, he leaves this outside off;
0.2;1lb;Hazlewood to de Kock, 1 leg bye 141kph, short on the hip, he turns this behind square;
0.1;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run fuller length outside off, he drives to mid off;

The openers are out there. Josh Hazlewood will open the bowling to Quinton de Kock. South Africa have 20 minutes to bat
 Innings Start
Australia
South Africa
1st ODI, Perth, Nov 4 2018, South Africa tour of Australia
152
153/4
Player of the match is Dale Steyn, SA
South Africa won by 6 wickets (with 124 balls remaining)
