Data
5.55pm: A solid day's work for the Australia bowlers, knocking England over for what looks like a middling 258. Everyone bar Jason Roy got in, but only Rory Burns and Jonny Bairstow managed to reach 50 - and they didn't get much beyond, either. Still around an hour left in the day, although it's unlikely we'll get in the 18 overs scheduled. That final wicket, by the way, has drawn Nathan Lyon level with Dennis Lillee on 355 Test wickets, joint-third overall for Australia. Back in 10 for the start of the Australia innings


77.1;W;Lyon to Bairstow, OUT lobbed up, Bairstow has a filthy hack... and picks out deep square leg! Understandable intent but he shovelled that high and not-very-handsome, Khawaja jogging in to take a comfortable catch and conclude the England innings;Jonny Bairstow c Khawaja b Lyon 52 (159m 95b 7x4 0x6) SR: 54.73;
76.6;4;Hazlewood to Leach, FOUR runs short, but on the body, Leach shovels it away fine for a boundary;
76.5;?;Hazlewood to Leach, no run short of a length, sliding across Leach who pokes at it and is beaten;
76.4;1;Hazlewood to Bairstow, 1 run fuller on the pads and clipped to deep square leg, they take the one;
76.3;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run length ball, 81mph/131kph and it comes off the inside edge as YJB jabs down on it;
76.2;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run full and straight and patted back down the track;
76.1;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run pitched up around off stump, Bairstow clumps towards extra cover;
75.6;?;Lyon to Leach, no run pushes back to the bowler so he sees out the over;
75.5;?;Lyon to Leach, no run solidly onto the front foot and defends;
75.4;2;Lyon to Leach, 2 runs slips onto the pads and it's neatly clipped through square leg, he's able to get back for the second;
75.3;?;Lyon to Leach, no run angled in on a full length, defended on the front foot;
75.2;?;Lyon to Leach, no run defends to the on side;
75.1;?;Lyon to Leach, no run full at off stump, blocked;
74.6;?;Cummins to Bairstow, no run full, big appeal for lbw, that's just slanting down the leg side but it means Leach will be on strike;
74.5;?;Cummins to Bairstow, no run gets forward and drives to mid-off, can't find the gap and one ball left in the one;
74.4;?;Cummins to Bairstow, no run back of a length, angled in at off stump, Bairstow gets a little squared up;
74.3;?;Cummins to Bairstow, no run gets across the crease and defends a full delivery to cover;
74.2;?;Cummins to Bairstow, no run allows another one through to the keeper;
74.1;?;Cummins to Bairstow, no run full outside off, left alone...what does Bairstow do now?;
43.6;?;Lyon to Stokes, no run more spin, again luring Stokes out, past the outside edge and into Paine's gloves;
43.5;?;Lyon to Stokes, no run floated up straighter, Stokes touches to the on side;
43.4;?;Lyon to Stokes, no run flighted, spinning away appreciably as Stokes pushes at it and is beaten - puff of dust from the pitch there, too;
43.3;?;Lyon to Stokes, no run comes across on off and lets this one go;
43.2;?;Lyon to Stokes, no run floated up wide of the stumps, Stokes chops down on it;
43.1;1;Lyon to Bairstow, 1 run dragged down on a line that is too straight, YJB drops back in the crease and nurdles one around the corner;
42.6;1;Siddle to Bairstow, 1 run hands on his head again, prodded through the leg side via an inside edge... gets Bairstow off the mark;
42.5;?;Siddle to Bairstow, no run swerving away, 84mph/135kph in the channel, genuine leave this time;
42.4;?;Siddle to Bairstow, no run oh, close again! Length ball, ghosting in as Bairstow begins to play and then holds his bat just inside the line at the very last moment;
42.3;W;Siddle to Buttler, OUT and another falls as Buttler's struggles continues. A length ball outside off, probably wide enough to leave, Buttler has a fiddle, not much footwork, and gets a thin nick;Jos Buttler c ?Paine b Siddle 12 (50m 23b 1x4 0x6) SR: 52.17;
42.2;?;Siddle to Buttler, no run gets forward into a full-length delivery, plays to cover;
42.1;?;Siddle to Buttler, no run full outside off, left alone;
73.6;?;Lyon to Leach, no run plays forward and gets beaten, grips enough to spin past Leach's forward push;
73.5;W;Lyon to Broad, OUT through him, hits leg stump! Lovely piece of bowling, this one goes straight one, slides past the inside edge and just just clips the leg bail with enough force for it to topple out of its groove;Stuart Broad b Lyon 11 (16m 15b 2x4 0x6) SR: 73.33;
73.4;?;Lyon to Broad, no run shorter, flatter, pushed off the back foot to point;
73.3;4;Lyon to Broad, FOUR runs that comes out as a big full toss that Broad paddles nicely down to fine leg as England reach 250;
73.2;1;Lyon to Bairstow, 1 run gets down on his back knee and sweeps strongly from outside off to deep midwicket;
73.1;?;Lyon to Bairstow, no run round the wicket, full at the stumps, flicked to midwicket;
72.6;?;Cummins to Broad, no run backing away miles to the leg side, Cummins follows him with a short ball which goes through to Paine;
72.5;2;Cummins to Broad, 2 runs short again, Broad pulls and connects cleanly but there's a good save on the deep square rope...this is lively;
72.4;4b;Cummins to Broad, 4 byes short, well down the leg side, swings away further and there's no chance of Paine reaching that;
72.3;4;Cummins to Broad, FOUR runs dropped but that was a tough chance for slip running back, Broad having a big swipe across the line and the ball goes high over the slips. Warner turns and runs, gets there with a dive but can't hold on. The crowd enjoy it as it runs away for four. Tough chance;
72.2;1;Cummins to Bairstow, 1 run he goes after this full, wide delivery and drives to deep cover to reach fifty off 82 balls. Very important innings;
72.1;?;Cummins to Bairstow, no run full, wide outside off, through to the keeper;
41.6;4;Lyon to Stokes, FOUR runs and now he brings out the sweep, takes it from well outside off through square leg. Strong shot;
41.5;?;Lyon to Stokes, no run fuller and wider outside off, left alone;
41.4;4;Lyon to Stokes, FOUR runs flashes an edge wide of the slip, looking to play square off the back foot, not as short as he thought, actually goes past Smith on the full but he didn't get a hand to it;
41.3;?;Lyon to Stokes, no run prods forward with bat in front of pad;
41.2;?;Lyon to Stokes, no run fuller at middle, leans well forward and defends;
41.1;?;Lyon to Stokes, no run this turns a reasonable amount, is a touch short of a length, Stokes whips it to the on side;
40.6;?;Cummins to Buttler, no run length ball outside off, 87mph, defended...this has been a big spell from Cummins;
40.5;?;Cummins to Buttler, no run that's a bouncer which travels over Buttler's back;
40.4;1;Cummins to Stokes, 1 run short of a length at off stump, neatly played off the back foot into the covers;
40.3;1;Cummins to Buttler, 1 run this comes off a closed face through square leg;
40.2;?;Cummins to Buttler, no run good delivery, back of a length outside, finds a thick outside which falls well short of second slip;
40.1;?;Cummins to Buttler, no run angled into the pads, glances down the leg side and bobbles to Paine;
39.6;?;Lyon to Stokes, no run gets forward and defends to mid-on;
39.5;?;Lyon to Stokes, no run slides into the pads, Stokes misses his attempt to work off the pads;
39.4;?;Lyon to Stokes, no run touch shorter on off stump, defended on the back foot;
39.3;?;Lyon to Stokes, no run full at middle, head over the ball and blocked;
39.2;?;Lyon to Stokes, no run round the wicket, comes forward and defends;
39.1;1;Lyon to Buttler, 1 run full outside off, flicked down the ground to long-on;
38.6;?;Cummins to Stokes, no run short of a length outside off, left alone;
38.5;4;Cummins to Stokes, FOUR runs takes it on this time! Cummins keeps it short and Stokes brings out a powerful pull through midwicket;
38.5;5w;Cummins to Stokes, 5 wide more byes to the total...well, wides this time actually. It was very short from Cummins, flies miles over Stokes' head and Paine's gloves;
38.4;?;Cummins to Stokes, no run and gets a short one first up! Sways out of the line...been a clear change of plan from Australia since lunch;
38.3;W;Cummins to Burns, OUT what a catch! Bancroft at short leg. He's pulled off a blinder here as Burns fends a short delivery off his hip. Living up to Justin Langer's billing. It has gone to the third umpire, soft signal is out. He has done brilliantly here, that nearly popped out but he managed to hold on, full-stretch to his left. That is one of the great short leg grabs;Rory Burns c Bancroft b Cummins 53 (174m 127b 7x4 0x6) SR: 41.73;
38.2;?;Cummins to Burns, no run drops his hands and lets a short ball go through to the keeper;
38.1;?;Cummins to Burns, no run short over leg stump, he ducks;
37.6;4;Siddle to Buttler, FOUR runs that's a top shot! Gets a good stride forward, meets a full delivery with a confident cover drive;
37.5;?;Siddle to Buttler, no run well bowled, full and straight, Buttler gets a leading edge to the off side and aims to play to the on side;
37.4;?;Siddle to Buttler, no run same again, full outside off, Buttler leaves alone;
37.3;?;Siddle to Buttler, no run touch wider, significant swing away on this and it continues after passing the batsman, Paine moves in front of first slip to gather;
37.2;?;Siddle to Buttler, no run full again, this time he gets forward and drives firmly to mid-off;
37.1;?;Siddle to Buttler, no run full outside off, left alone;
36.6;2;Cummins to Burns, 2 runs gets inside the line this time and tickles it away fine, was it bat? Yes, given runs;
36.5;?;Cummins to Burns, no run taken on the arm again as he drops his hands to a short ball but doesn't get out of the line...this is hostile stuff from Cummins;
36.4;?;Cummins to Burns, no run allows this short one through to the keeper;
36.3;?;Cummins to Burns, no run and he takes a blow this time from another short ball, slams into his chest and arm as he tries to sway out of the line;
36.2;?;Cummins to Burns, no run a good short ball, at the ribs, fends it down by his feet;
36.1;1;Cummins to Buttler, 1 run length ball, angled in at off stump, squeezes off a thick inside edge to long leg;
35.6;2;Siddle to Burns, 2 runs another nice piece of timing off the back foot, through the covers, and that takes Burns to his half century from 119 balls;
35.5;?;Siddle to Burns, no run 83mph, good length at off stump, defended;
35.4;2;Siddle to Burns, 2 runs short outside off, gets this at the top of the bounce and punches through the covers;
35.3;?;Siddle to Burns, no run defended towards point;
35.2;?;Siddle to Burns, no run back of a length at off stump, defended;
35.1;?;Siddle to Burns, no run dropped by Paine diving low to his left, he went one handed, the ball was dying, but could he have gone with both hands? Burns playing away from his body outside off;
34.6;?;Cummins to Buttler, no run full outside off, solidly defended to cover;
34.5;?;Cummins to Buttler, no run a bouncer, 90mph, he ducks;
34.4;?;Cummins to Buttler, no run a jabby forward push by Buttler, whose feet don't seem to be moving, plays towards mid-off;
34.3;?;Cummins to Buttler, no run well bowled! Full outside off, moves away to beat the outside edge;
34.2;?;Cummins to Buttler, no run fuller, at off stump and 89mph, defended to the bowler;
34.1;?;Cummins to Buttler, no run short of a length outside off, pushed to the covers;
33.6;4;Hazlewood to Burns, FOUR runs that's a little loose, pushing away from his body outside off, it's a thick outside edge which flies wide of the slips;
33.5;?;Hazlewood to Burns, no run short at off stump, defended down by his feet;
33.4;4b;Hazlewood to Burns, 4 byes full, down the leg side, swings further, Paine dives and gets a glove to it but can't stop it flying away to fine leg;
33.3;?;Hazlewood to Burns, no run good length at off stump, defended;
33.2;?;Hazlewood to Burns, no run that's brisk! Another well-directed short ball which skims past Burns' helmet;
33.1;5;Hazlewood to Buttler, 5 runs full outside off, played from quite deep in the crease, that's a tight single to cover and then there are four overthrows (not the first time we've seen that for England this year);
32.6;?;Cummins to Burns, no run good short ball! Drops his gloves and sways out of the line;
32.5;?;Cummins to Burns, no run short again, he's on the back foot and defends;
32.4;?;Cummins to Burns, no run short of a length at middle and off, 87mph, defended to the on side;
32.3;?;Cummins to Burns, no run climbs outside off, left alone;
32.2;?;Cummins to Burns, no run full at middle and off, pushed to mid-on;
32.1;?;Cummins to Burns, no run stays over the wicket, good length outside off, defended to point;
31.6;W;Hazlewood to Denly, OUT thin edge and gone! Hazlewood has his third, he's having a terrific day, gets it in the channel outside off, good length, Denly plays forward and there's enough movement to graze the outside edge. Very McGrath-esque dismissal;Joe Denly c ?Paine b Hazlewood 30 (101m 67b 4x4 0x6) SR: 44.77;
31.5;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run good length, outside off, defended to the covers;
31.4;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run another short ball, ducks underneath;
31.3;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run that's loose, flashes outside off without any footwork and is fortunate not to get an edge...hint of shape away;
31.2;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run full and straight, clipped to mid-on;
31.1;1;Hazlewood to Burns, 1 run good length outside off, dabbed with an open face into backward point;
30.6;4b;Cummins to Denly, 4 byes rapid! A bouncer which flies past Denly, keeps climbing and evades a leaping Tim Paine...a few interesting things happening in that over;
30.5;?;Cummins to Denly, no run ouch! He takes this one on the arm. In two minds whether to duck or get out of the line, does neither and it hammers into him;
30.4;?;Cummins to Denly, no run a bouncer, angled over leg stump, loops over Denly's back;
30.3;?;Cummins to Denly, no run nicely played, on the back foot and punches a short-of-a-length delivery towards point;
30.2;?;Cummins to Denly, no run extra bounce! This jumps at Denly and it pops off the shoulder of the bat, in the air to the leg side but there's no short leg;
30.1;?;Cummins to Denly, no run a splice-jarring length as Denly gets forward, bottom hand comes off the bat as he defends to the on side;
29.6;?;Hazlewood to Burns, no run tight line, at off stump, defended;
29.5;?;Hazlewood to Burns, no run punches a full delivery back towards the bowler;
29.4;?;Hazlewood to Burns, no run hint of shape back into Burns who plays it towards mid-on;
29.3;?;Hazlewood to Burns, no run a bouncer, 83mph, ducks underneath;
29.2;?;Hazlewood to Burns, no run full outside off, defended down by his feet;
29.1;?;Hazlewood to Burns, no run short on leg stump, he aims to whip it away but doesn't make contact;
28.6;?;Cummins to Denly, no run length ball at off stump, defended;
28.5;?;Cummins to Denly, no run big appeal for lbw, nips back into Denly on a good length, playing across it slightly...Paine signals he thinks it's high;
28.4;?;Cummins to Denly, no run full outside off, he gets forward and blocks to the bowler;
28.3;?;Cummins to Denly, no run short of a length at off stump, 87mph, defended;
28.2;?;Cummins to Denly, no run short outside off, climbs gently off the surface and Denly has plenty of time to drop his hands and sway out of the line;
28.1;2;Cummins to Denly, 2 runs back of a length at off stump, worked off his hip behind square, bottom hand comes off the bat, and there's good running;
27.6;?;Hazlewood to Burns, no run gets onto the front foot, pushed to mid-off;
27.5;?;Hazlewood to Burns, no run full outside off, defended to the covers;
27.4;2;Hazlewood to Burns, 2 runs touch too straight this time, worked down to fine leg off a thickish inside edge;
27.3;2;Hazlewood to Burns, 2 runs touch fuller, slides off an open face through gully down to third man...no danger in that, soft hands;
27.2;4;Hazlewood to Burns, FOUR runs short of a length outside, lovely piece of timing as he gets onto his toes and square drives through point;
27.1;1;Hazlewood to Denly, 1 run full and straight, whipped into the leg side just wide of mid-on to get the afternoon up and running;
26.6;?;Cummins to Burns, no run shortish around off stump, defended into the off side - and that will be lunch;
26.5;?;Cummins to Burns, no run zips this one through, nipping away to draw the false stroke! But no bat again;
26.4;4;Cummins to Burns, FOUR runs full and wide, Burns whirls his wrists in a magic circle and then tomahawks four through point! Driven with a flourish;
26.3;?;Cummins to Burns, no run on the stumps, driven towards mid-on coming across;
26.2;?;Cummins to Burns, no run angled across, 88mph/141kph and punched towards cover point;
26.1;?;Cummins to Burns, no run shortish on the hip but Burns fails to capitalise;
25.6;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run straightening a touch and pushed into the covers - Denly survives his working over (for now);
25.5;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run fired in straighter, gets his bat down to blocks its path;
25.4;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run goes for the booming drive, beaten past the outside edge! Nervy shot from Denly, not really the right length for it, but he survives;
25.3;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run touch short outside off, defended square;
25.2;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run pitched up, scuds into the back pad... Not given! Did he get some bat on it? Expansive drive, Denly beaten on the inside; Australia think long and hard but elect not to review! Looked a close shout to me, and no inside edge according to the replay;
25.1;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run targeting off stump, defended coming forwards;
24.6;?;Cummins to Burns, no run shortish on the stumps, 88mph/142kph and fading across and Burns gets into line and leaves;
24.5;?;Cummins to Burns, no run woof, not so slow this time! Rockets from a length, past the shoulder of the bat with Burns committed... Cummins finds some extra juice!;
24.4;?;Cummins to Burns, no run oof, that's a beauty... Squiggling away off the pitch, beats Burns' prod and then dips on Paine. Slow pitch, this;
24.3;?;Cummins to Burns, no run fired down in the channel outside off from over the wicket, Burns shoulders his musket;
24.2;?;Cummins to Burns, no run short and leg side, again Burns fails to connect with a glance;
24.1;?;Cummins to Burns, no run smashed in halfway down, 88mph/141kph and flying through as Burns declines to smell the leather, crouching low in his crease;
23.6;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run tempter in the channel, left alone;
23.5;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run ptched up, nibbling in as Denly gets forward and strokes towards mid-on;
23.4;1;Hazlewood to Burns, 1 run dropped down into the covers, they set off quickly for one;
23.3;?;Hazlewood to Burns, no run slanting away up the slope, 82mph/134kph and Burns dabbles outside off, steered low into the ground in front of gully;
23.2;?;Hazlewood to Burns, no run fuller, angled across from over the wicket, Burns blocks into the covers;
23.1;?;Hazlewood to Burns, no run shortish and down the leg side, flick and a miss;
22.6;?;Cummins to Denly, no run shortish, 89mph/143kph and defended from the crease;
22.5;?;Cummins to Denly, no run touch short in the channel outside off, left alone;
22.4;4;Cummins to Denly, FOUR runs back of a length, fenced away through the gully... and it trickles to the rope! Played well, angled the ball down, and the pace took it away;
22.3;?;Cummins to Denly, no run banged in short, 87mph/139kph and steepling through as Denly ducks it;
22.2;?;Cummins to Denly, no run tight lines, punched warily into the covers;
22.1;?;Cummins to Denly, no run length ball on a fourth-stump line, Denly prods it away;
21.6;?;Lyon to Burns, no run shouts of excitement as Burns is late on a ball skidding on, but he just manages to jab down on it;
21.5;?;Lyon to Burns, no run tossed up and pushed into the off side;
21.4;4;Lyon to Burns, FOUR runs gets this one through, punched square off the back foot! Khawaja dives for it in vain, lovely placement from Burns as the ball spins away and picks up speed;
21.3;?;Lyon to Burns, no run pushed through, Burns squeezes the ball out to point;
21.2;1;Lyon to Denly, 1 run lobbed up from over the wicket, worked with the turn to the leg side;
21.1;1;Lyon to Burns, 1 run flattish outside off, Burns cuts and they get one despite a good stop at backward point;
20.6;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run dug in short, Denly ducks it;
20.5;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run fullish, met with a solid block coming forwards;
20.4;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run good length, straightening in the channel, no stroke;
20.3;4;Hazlewood to Denly, FOUR runs overpitched, Denly rifles four through extra cover! Moving well in the crease and spanked;
20.2;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run length, 87mph/139kph and pushed gently into the covers;
20.1;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run fired into the pitch, Denly waits and defends in front of his stumps;
19.6;?;Lyon to Burns, no run tossed up wide of the stumps, Burns sweeps but sends this low to midwicket;
19.5;2;Lyon to Burns, 2 runs uses the feet, shout of "catch!" again as he clips past short leg, but he played that one well;
19.4;?;Lyon to Burns, no run tossed up and blocked on the front foot;
19.3;?;Lyon to Burns, no run skidding on from round the wicket, Burns plays back;
19.2;?;Lyon to Burns, no run ooh, comes off the inside edge and lobs off the pad... but lands safely! Burns not completely in control of that one;
19.1;?;Lyon to Burns, no run lobbed up and pushed into the covers;
18.6;1;Hazlewood to Burns, 1 run touch leg side and worked off the pads;
18.5;1;Hazlewood to Denly, 1 run back of a length in the channel, Denly taps this one down in front of square for a single;
18.4;2;Hazlewood to Denly, 2 runs length ball, slightly wide and Denly stretches out to steer a couple past gully;
18.3;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run fuller, angling in as Denly gets into line and shows it the maker's name;
18.2;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run touch short, 87mph/139kph outside off and left well alone;
18.1;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run good length in the corridor, Denly prods it away;
17.6;?;Lyon to Burns, no run comes across and taps this one away;
17.5;4;Lyon to Burns, FOUR runs tossed up and smashed through midwicket on the sweep! Travis Head was in the vicinity and flung himself for the catch, but that was travelling;
17.4;?;Lyon to Burns, no run goes back outside off and drives without much timing into the covers;
17.3;?;Lyon to Burns, no run lobbed up and blocked on the front foot;
17.2;?;Lyon to Burns, no run quicker ball, Burns goes back and punches away from in front of his stumps;
17.1;?;Lyon to Burns, no run floated up on the stumps, defended;
16.6;4;Siddle to Denly, FOUR runs probing line, straightening a touch with Denly squared up on the crease... but he stabs a low edge through the cordon, and it runs all the way for four!;
16.5;1;Siddle to Burns, 1 run coming forward and dabs this into a gap in the covers for one;
16.4;?;Siddle to Burns, no run fuller, punched back to the left of Matt Wade at extra cover, he dives across to prevent any runs;
16.3;?;Siddle to Burns, no run shortish outside off stumps, shoulders arms;
16.2;?;Siddle to Burns, no run back of a length outside off, again he lets it go;
16.1;?;Siddle to Burns, no run pushed across the southpaw Burns, who comes across and shoulders arms;
15.6;?;Lyon to Denly, no run skids into the pad, Gaffaney shakes his head... but Australia review, was it clipping leg stump? Struck in line but there was just enough turn to take it down, according to Hawk-Eye! So Australia will lose what turned out to be a speculative review;
15.5;?;Lyon to Denly, no run flat outside off and defended coming across;
15.4;2;Lyon to Denly, 2 runs gets him driving, floated up and punched past the cover fielder for a couple;
15.3;?;Lyon to Denly, no run tossed up outside off, pushed away on the front foot;
15.2;?;Lyon to Denly, no run very full, Denly comes forward and drives into the ground, back to the bowler;
15.1;?;Lyon to Denly, no run pushed through and tapped down to the on side;
14.6;?;Siddle to Burns, no run dropped! Fat edge on the drive to gully, but it hits Khawaja in the chest! Think they've all come up closer and that went rapidly, down before he could really even register it;
14.5;?;Siddle to Burns, no run hung out wide, 82mph/133kph in the channel, Burns lets it go;
14.4;?;Siddle to Burns, no run wider line, doesn't get up as Burns wafts at it and under-edges into the off side;
14.3;?;Siddle to Burns, no run line and length from Siddle, defended coming across on off;
14.2;?;Siddle to Burns, no run tighter to the stumps, dropped in front of square but they think better of trying to steal a single;
14.1;?;Siddle to Burns, no run fired across the bows and defended towards cover point;
13.6;?;Lyon to Denly, no run flighted, spinning down the leg side as Denly dabs at it;
13.5;?;Lyon to Denly, no run straighter, tapped down towards short leg;
13.4;?;Lyon to Denly, no run edged but short of slip! Playing for turn that didn't materialise, but the ball didn't carry, actually pranged Smith on the finger (though he's okay);
13.3;1;Lyon to Burns, 1 run pushed through with a bit more fizz and clipped off the pads going back;
13.2;?;Lyon to Burns, no run drifting in, straightening on middle and leg as Burns brings the bat down to defend;
13.1;?;Lyon to Burns, no run floated up outside off and met with a firm prod towards point;
12.6;4;Siddle to Denly, FOUR runs touch full, Denly reaches for it, squirted in the air through point... but it went quickly down and away to the rope for four!;
12.5;?;Siddle to Denly, no run nagging away, coming back on off stump, Denly defends;
12.4;1;Siddle to Burns, 1 run length on off, tapped down square on the off side for a scampered one;
12.3;?;Siddle to Burns, no run fullish, 83mph/135kph in the channel, left alone as it grubs through a touch low;
12.2;?;Siddle to Burns, no run Burns comes across on off and steers this towards point;
12.1;3;Siddle to Denly, 3 runs nipping in, tucked down off the pads, shout of "catch!" with Travis Head lurking under the helmet at short leg... actually zipped through his legs, almost a chance but he wasn't able to stay low enough;
11.6;?;Hazlewood to Burns, no run fullish and swinging on a line with off stump, Burns gets out to block;
11.5;1lb;Hazlewood to Denly, 1 leg bye hammers into the helmet with a short ball! He goes for the pull, done for pace, smashes into the side of the helmet and flies away for a leg bye over the slips. He'll need to be checked over here;
11.4;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run full at off stump, defended with a straight bat;
11.3;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run well bowled! Back of a length at off stump, squares up Denly with some movement and takes a thick edge which doesn't carry to third slip. Denly turned into a full S;
11.2;1;Hazlewood to Burns, 1 run length ball at the stumps, worked into square leg;
11.1;?;Hazlewood to Burns, no run full outside off, left alone;
10.6;?;Siddle to Denly, no run nips back off the seam, short of a length, takes Denly high on the pads...better over from Siddle;
10.5;?;Siddle to Denly, no run tight to the stumps, defended to the on side;
10.4;1;Siddle to Burns, 1 run gets forward to a fuller delivery outside off, pushes into space at cover;
10.3;?;Siddle to Burns, no run pushed across outside off, left alone;
10.2;?;Siddle to Burns, no run gets across to off stump, defended back down the pitch;
10.1;?;Siddle to Burns, no run over the wicket, good length at off stump, defended with soft hands;
9.6;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run outside off, left alone;
9.5;2;Hazlewood to Denly, 2 runs gets a touch too full and straight, nicely flicked through wide mid-on;
9.4;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run length ball at off stump, solidly behind the line and played to mid-off;
9.3;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run full at off stump, 86mph, defended;
9.2;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run good length at off stump, nips back off the seam, takes a thick inside edge to the leg side;
9.1;W;Hazlewood to Root, OUT trapped in front, he's gone! Hazlewood's day gets better. A full delivery, nips back at Root, hammers into the knee roll. Heading towards leg stump. Root ponders the review but soon turns on his heels;Joe Root lbw b Hazlewood 14 (37m 20b 3x4 0x6) SR: 70;
8.6;?;Siddle to Burns, no run gets this fuller outside off, defended towards point...expensive start from Siddle;
8.5;4;Siddle to Burns, FOUR runs that's a top shot! Short outside off, Burns on the back foot and punches it square through the off side at the top of the bounce. That's a lovely stroke;
8.4;?;Siddle to Burns, no run that's better, back of a length outside off, defended to cover;
8.3;4;Siddle to Burns, FOUR runs round the wicket, short and angled into the body, gets nicely inside the line and tucks it away to fine leg;
8.2;1;Siddle to Root, 1 run short of a length, straighter, tucked off his hip backward of square;
8.1;4;Siddle to Root, FOUR runs short and wide outside off, nicely on the back foot and that's a perfect square drive;
7.6;?;Hazlewood to Burns, no run full and straight, played into midwicket...this has been an outstanding spell;
7.5;?;Hazlewood to Burns, no run big appeal for lbw! Nice shape from Hazlewood, back into Burns, playing across the line...did everything right, but height the issue;
7.4;?;Hazlewood to Burns, no run full outside off, left alone;
7.3;?;Hazlewood to Burns, no run across to off stump and defends a back-of-a-length delivery to midwicket;
7.2;?;Hazlewood to Burns, no run fuller outside off, 84mph, defended to mid-off;
7.1;?;Hazlewood to Burns, no run back of a length in the channel outside off, left alone;
6.6;?;Cummins to Root, no run good response, drags his length back and it nips off the seam into Root, takes an inside edge into his pads;
6.5;4;Cummins to Root, FOUR runs and again from Root! Too full from Cummins, the captain strides into the ball and sends it through the same spot at cover;
6.4;4;Cummins to Root, FOUR runs and there's the first boundary...a lovely one as well from Root as he strides forward into a half volley, places it sweetly through the covers;
6.3;?;Cummins to Root, no run short of a length outside off, 89mph, defended on the back foot to the off side;
6.2;1;Cummins to Burns, 1 run back outside off stump, a fuller delivery, pushed into space at cover for a rare run;
6.1;?;Cummins to Burns, no run staying round the wicket, length delivery angled into the pads, Burns can't make contact and it drops into the leg side;
5.6;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run soft hands, again, outside off so another outside edge dies well in front of the slips...no freebies from the Aussie bowlers;
5.5;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run defended under his nose, the bat face slightly angled and the ball runs to gully;
5.4;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run this is a testing length, full at off stump, defended into backward point...Hazlewood right back on it;
5.3;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run good length at off stump, takes the outside but Root also plays with soft hands and the ball runs along the ground into the slips;
5.2;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run fuller, outside off, Root goes for a drive but his weight is on the back foot and he can't get any timing, the ball comes off the toe end of the bat;
5.1;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run good length outside off, 87mph, defended to cover;
4.6;?;Cummins to Burns, no run beaten this time, but the ball doesn't reach Paine on the full...86mph delivery, and a lack of bounce. Not a great sight;
4.5;?;Cummins to Burns, no run takes the outside edge but again it dies off the outside edge into the slips;
4.4;?;Cummins to Burns, no run takes a thick outside edge outside off, but played with soft hands and falls well short of third slip;
4.3;?;Cummins to Burns, no run a short ball, starts outside off and follows Burns as he sways out of the line. Kept his eye on it;
4.2;?;Cummins to Burns, no run that's well bowled, gets it fuller outside off, draws Burns forward it straightens off the seam...that's demanding with the angle from round the wicket. Significant movement;
4.1;?;Cummins to Burns, no run round the wicket now, back of a length outside off, left alone;
3.6;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run full and straight, forced to mid-on. Impressive stuff from Hazlewood;
3.5;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run and a peach as he makes this one move away, again, off the seam to beat Root's outside edge...squared up;
3.4;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run well bowled! This one comes back off the seam, Root quite deep in his crease and it takes a think inside edge into his boot;
3.3;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run a fuller delivery, at off stump, 87mph, Root presses forward and pushes to cover;
3.2;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run that's a good 'un! Movement there, nips away late past the outside edge...Root hanging back a touch;
3.1;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run back of a length outside off, defended late with a slightly open face to backward point;
2.6;2;Cummins to Burns, 2 runs gets too straight, on the hip, nudge through square leg and quick running makes it into a second;
2.5;?;Cummins to Burns, no run that's a good one, slides past the outside edge - down the slope - from a good length and think Burns was drawn into playing at that;
2.4;?;Cummins to Burns, no run there's the first bouncer of the day, he ducks underneath...no great pace off the surface;
2.3;?;Cummins to Burns, no run fuller outside off, 87mph, pushes off the front foot to cover;
2.2;?;Cummins to Burns, no run short of a length outside off, unlike Roy, Burns is a pretty good judge outside off and lets this one go;
2.1;?;Cummins to Burns, no run length ball at middle, 85mph, defended into midwicket;
1.6;1;Hazlewood to Burns, 1 run fuller outside off, gets onto the front foot and pushes in front of point;
1.5;?;Hazlewood to Burns, no run back of a length at off stump, defended to the on side;
1.4;1;Hazlewood to Root, 1 run and there's England's first run, Root blocks a length delivery down by his feet and that's a well-judged single;
1.3;W;Hazlewood to Roy, OUT edged, and gone! Doesn't take Hazlewood long to make his mark. It's short-of-a-length outside off, Roy pushing away from his body and sends a regulation edge to Paine. That's trademark stuff from Hazlewood (and, in a sense, Roy as well). To be fair, was a good delivery from Hazlewood but exposes that technique of Roy;Jason Roy c ?Paine b Hazlewood 0 (7m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
1.2;?;Hazlewood to Roy, no run that's a ripper as it nips away off the seam from back of a length, climbs nicely past the outside edge;
1.1;?;Hazlewood to Roy, no run well, that's a interesting start from Roy as he slashes over the top of a short, wide delivery and doesn't make contact;
0.6;?;Cummins to Burns, no run angled across outside off, left alone...a steady opening over from Cummins but not much sign of early movement;
0.5;?;Cummins to Burns, no run back of a length at middle and off, defended to the on side;
0.4;?;Cummins to Burns, no run this one is pushed wider outside off, 87mph, left alone and carries at waist height to Paine;
0.3;?;Cummins to Burns, no run keeps it full at off stump, defended back to the bowler;
0.2;?;Cummins to Burns, no run outside off, 89mph, on a fullish length, Burns gets across the crease and defends towards point;
0.1;?;Cummins to Burns, no run good length, at off stump, Burns behind the line and defends;

Pat Cummins will open the bowling...four slips in place
Andrew Strauss' kids ring the Lord's bell amid a sea of red at the ground to mark the start of the Test. Now Strauss and his boys lead the teams out of the pavilion. The players hand their red caps over as they come onto the field.
Rory Burns and Jason Roy make their way out to the middle
10.50am So we are ten minutes away from this Test finally starting. Will be a very interesting first session. Last time England were batting in the first session of a Lord's Test they didn't make it to lunch!
Mark: "All the calling for Curran is misguided. He is a bowler. He isn't going to be picked ahead of Archer, Broad, Woakes or Leach and neither should he. Stokes plays as a top order batter too. Playing Curran instead of Denly gives England 6 bowlers - too many and not balanced. Against that I would drop Denly and play Malan but that's a different argument."
AnupRayamajhi: "I bet England won't survive two sessions. Cummins and Hazlewood will breathe fire in this conditions."
10.35am Graham Fyfe: "Seven members of the English team have first names starting with J - is that a record?" Believe it is, yes. Scenes, as Mr Miller would say
And here is Miller again: "An impressive smattering of red in the stands today ... Lord's is rather hamstrung by a lack of fancy-dress, but there are plenty jazzer blazers and Lions shirts doing the rounds."
Paul: "Hope i'm proven wrong but surely Sam Curran should be in for Denly. Offers more wickets and...more runs"
Mal: "Patrick: I disagree. Smith and Warner aside, Australia doesn't have the batsmen able to consistently score enough runs to allow Starc in just at the moment, nor does England have the batsmen to justify the risk. Personally, I'm pleased our cricket leadership is attempting a more reasoned approach than the all-out aggression that we no longer have the talent for. A good defence is just as important as a good offence."
Webby: "Genuinely confused how Curran doesn't get picked. Man of the series against India in England and doesn't get a look in? Denly is lucky to be picked"
10.30am Australia win the toss and bowl. Tim Paine says the shortened game and the pitch being covered yesterday were factored into his decision.
Joe Root says he would probably have bowled as well. So interesting from both captains. "We need a big first innings total now," Root says. He confirms that Sam Curran misses out
England 1 Rory Burns, 2 Jason Roy, 3 Joe Root (capt), 4 Joe Denly, 5 Jos Buttler, 6 Ben Stokes, 7 Jonny Bairstow (wk), 8 Chris Woakes, 9 Jofra Archer, 10 Stuart Broad, 11 Jack Leach
Australia 1 David Warner, 2 Cameron Bancroft, 3 Usman Khawaja, 4 Steven Smith, 5 Travis Head, 6 Matthew Wade, 7 Tim Paine (capt & wk), 8 Pat Cummins, 9 Peter Siddle, 10 Josh Hazlewood, 11 Nathan Lyon
Jonathan Blacks: "Re. the toss... Has Tim Paine channelled Ricky Ponting circa Edgbaston 2005?" Not sure it's quite at that level, but we shall see!
10.25am Nasser Hussain and Ian Ward doing the pitch report, saying there's less grass than the Ireland Test. Suggests it's a bat-first deck given the weather.
mike hornsby: "Imagine how you feel when you are back in the office today as the only day that you had a ticket for in the entire series was yesterday......" Ouch
Siddharth Sukhd: "Quite contrary to the popular belief, I don't think Archer will fire in this test match. There is a lot of difference between playing a second string county team and a World Class Test side. On top of that the expectations. Woakes should be the real danger here" Woakes certainly has a great record here, as he spoke to Mel Farrell about
Tim: "Given weather forecast, tempting to bowl first regardless of pitch. There's probably only one way to lose this Test and that's to bat first and get rolled over quickly."
10.15am Patrick: "I still think Aussies need to play Starc. They need someone to match Archer's pace and fight fire with fire. Time will tell."
Here's Miller: "Beautiful day, but a fairly stiff breeze blowing up from the south-west which may encourage the belief that Sam Curran is the man for the occasion."
10.00am Daniel: "Regarding the lack of early start moan, I'm pretty sure I remember the 2005 Ashes start of play being 10:30am. I don't know if anyone can verify this?" Yep, that was due to them being on Channel 4.
Did he? Didn't he? It looked like the end for Chris Gayle yesterday, but...
Brenton: "I say Gnash old chap, what's the story with the track? Bat or bowl first?" Probably bat first today given the sun is out. But maybe not a bad one to lose
9.45am Emlyn: "Cricket! Jofra! Woakes on the slope! Smith against left-arm spin! Terrible productivity in the office! What a time to be alive."
While we build up to the toss, here's some overnight reading for you to catch up on:
James Pattinson admits his back surgeon feared he wouldn't be able to fix him
Justin Langer discussed the preference of Josh Hazlewood ahead of Mitchell Starc for this Test
Andrew Strauss talks about the number of overseas coaches coming to The Hundred
Max: "Yesterday was frustrating, but today is an even more maddening example of cricket administration's rigidity. It's been dry in London all morning and, with tomorrow's forecast, it's insane to think we'll be able to make up all yesterday's lost overs in the coming days. Why on earth isn't today's play starting early??" Play doesn't start earlier in the UK but the same number of overs will be attempted to be made up as in any country around the world
William Pollock: "With 98 overs a day to be bowled, wouldn't it have been better to start early as well as finish later?" This is the other option, of course, but that would probably be too sensible for cricket
9.40am Hello folks. Shall we try this again? The good news in London is that it's a dry morning and the forecast is good for the day. We'll see plenty of action today. The toss will take place at 10.30am and it's now, effectively, a four-day Test. We know that Josh Hazlewood will play for Australia but we await final confirmation of England's XI. Settle in and we'll bring you updates as we get them.
It's also a big day at Lord's for another reason: the ground will turn red for the Ruth Strauss Foundation Day in memory of the wife of former England captain Andrew Strauss who passed away from a rare form of lung cancer. It's a great cause, following on from the Pink Day of the Sydney Test for the Jane McGrath foundation.


_____
4.20pm Play has been abandoned for the day. We will start at 11am tomorrow, weather permitting, with time being added onto each day. Because the toss didn't take place it's now a four-day Test with a follow-on of 150. The forecast is better tomorrow which is good news. Later in the game a bit more dodgy but we'll keep our fingers crossed.
Thanks for joining us today and for all the feedback. There's still cricket going, so you can pop over and follow West Indies v India. For now, from Alan and Gnasher, it's goodbye and see you tomorrow.
3.50pm It's still wet at Lord's. Not much happening.
Chris: "At least England have finally found a way of making sure Steve Smith doesn't spend any length of time out in the middle..."
Thanks to those who have mentioned the washed out day at The Oval in 2013
Fayaz: "Universal boss just got out for 72" And that might be it. What a career.
Ashish Rawat: "Thanks Andrew... Put jixned Gayle. Reading your note I went to check he was caught out to Kohli. #IndiaSupporter" Oops, sorry
3.45pm Meanwhile, Chris Gayle is going bonkers. ESPN Player has the live European streaming rights to the West Indies v India series, including highlights on ESPNcricinfo. Find out more here. (All Europe only (ex-UK), in case that's not entirely clear!)
3.40pm Dan Brettig has this: We think this is right: If no play, this will be the first day without any in an Ashes Test in a decade - since day three of the third Test at Edgbaston in 2009. For the first day washed out you have to go back to the 1998 Boxing Day Test at the MCG. For the first day washed out in an Ashes Test in England or Lord's, there hasn't been one since the second Test in 1997.
3.15pm DJ: "So if the toss is only tomorrow, are England now obliged to include Archer in the team?" No, they could in theory change their minds
Rahul sargam: "Andrew, Gayle is on fire at the other hand, enjoy his innings. Don't miss." Here's our coverage
Here's a Miller update: "It is now ab-so-lute-ly honking it down. Though in keeping with this ridiculous day, the skies still aren't actually that dark. It's as if we have been embedded in a single massive cloud. Or a single massive waterlogged sheep."
Mike: "Just up the road and the sky is dark, the rain is coming down hard and little wind. Time for the players to go back to hotel."
3.00pm We are due for the toss but...the umbrellas are going up. The side covers have been pulled out to cover the square. Players still warming up. We won't be getting the toss yet
Ian Mac: "Absolutely hammering down in Kensington just up the road - might be more coming your way..."
@Kamani: "I'm not gonna lie. As a West Indian in very proud of Archer and Chris. "
2.50pm Here are the overs and timings as we stand: 48 overs in the day, tea at 5.10pm then final session 5.30-7pm with an extra 30 minutes to get the overs in.
And the hover cover is going back on! It's very light drizzle at the moment
Shikhar Pathak: "If the toss takes place today and first ball is only bowled tomorrow. Will 4 days test rules apply then." Nope, once the toss has taken place the game has begun
2.40pm: We have news! There will be a toss at 3pm with play to start at 3.30pm. Will confirm overs and sessions times when I get them
Paul: "Hoping for some play, but the radar looks like another band of rain is on its way" Could be touch and go
Jofra Archer has been handed his cap by Chris Jordan. Lovely moment. The pair are very close
2.20pm: Right, time to hand back to Gnasher, who's been doing his anti-rain dance... Have fun.
Here's Ryan, moseying down memory lane: "In '97 I was a Dish Pig at Lord's for the The Ashes (the menu was not as fancy back then), where the match started with similar rain. Here's hoping Cummins can emulate McGrath with an 8fer too!"
2.12pm: There will be ANOTHER INSPECTION at 2.30pm. Gah! Some concern over sections of the outfield, so the umpires will retreat to the pavilion and leave the groundstaff to continue mopping up for a bit longer.
"Sorry to be harbinger of doom but it will be raining again by 14:45," grouses Peter Davis. This is not your first rodeo, eh
And Joe isn't holding out much hope either: "More rain headed to Lord's according to this"
2pm: The umpires are out... We await their divine interpretation of conditions. Meanwhile, they've beaten us to the toss over in Port-of-Spain.
1.50pm: There are people on the field, they think it's all over (the rain, that is). Trevor Bayliss and Joe Root are striding through the Long Room, the ground itself looks in pretty good shape now. But it sounds like they are going to need at least an hour to get things in a fit state to play - bowlers' run-ups and the edge of the square are usually troublesome areas.
Meanwhile, the AMA (Ask Miller Anything) has begun over on the Live Report...


1.40pm: NEWSFLASH! The covers are coming off again!! There will be an inspection at 2pm, assuming it doesn't start up raining again....
Here's Andy, with a touching tale of transatlantic enlightenment: "Thanks for sharing the menu :). Had to send it to my American girlfriend who, when explaining the daily routine of test cricket, imagined that the players had their lunch on the field with the crowd watching them eat. She was very impressed with the restaurant quality of the menu, I will explain how the home of cricket works later."
1.30pm: The beast has been fed. Expect revelations shortly. Still raining at Lord's, by the way.
1pm: Okay, so while it rains at Lord's, Miller is gearing up to do an AMA. Get your questions in here, and we'll post his responses on the Live Report in half an hour or so (man's got to eat his roasted lamb rack). May I suggest as topics to get you going, anything on his bowling, tea preferences and Iron Maiden...
12.45pm: Still pretty murky at Lord's, steady drizzle rather than hosing it down. Gnasher has gone to get himself some lunch, which will probably seem a little disappointing by comparison with the Lord's menu.
Here's robbo, with encouraging news (of sorts): "Met Office forecasting rain will stop around 1:20, with a chance of more showers later"
12.30pm: Anyone hungry?


12.10pm: Mark: "For what it is worth, although there is a significant probability of rain all day, it drops substantially after Lunch, so there is a real danger of an hour or two of play between showers. With the much better forecast on the morrow, that would make team selection and the Toss decision an interesting and high-risk." Plenty of time for selection debates today
Olive: "Solidarity to Brucey! Having lived in Aus I can confirm that the Bachelor is dreadful"
Vinod Rajpal: "Hey Andrew, Varun Shetty on the other tab(SL vs NZL) has joined the Rain Party !! Can we have an early weather update for Windies vs India ODI ??" I believe the forecast isn't fantastic, a chance of rain
Koz : "Well, if nothing else, channel 9 here is Sydney are showing extended highlights of the Adelaide test from a few years back when England got 6-551 dec in the first innings.... and lost.... this'll do for a bit. How's the weather?" Wet
12.00pm: Jack: "How much rain before Curran becomes the favourite to replace Moeen?" Might be Curran for Denly
Here's Miller: "If white noise had a colour, it would look like the skies behind the pavilion. Grim and unrelenting, and so unpleasant that it doesn't even need to be loud. It's just all-encompassingly damp out there."
A colleague from Sydney has been in touch. Brucey: "Gnash, what have you gone and done? You head back to London and it's raining. I'm being forced to sit through The Bachelor. Sort it out, would you? Got a Wallabies win at the weekend, was hoping to make it three Aussie wins on the bounce!"
Mark: "For what it is worth, although there is a significant probability of rain all day, it drops substantially after Lunch, so there is a real danger of an hour or two of play between showers. With the much better forecast on the morrow, that would make team selection and the Toss decision an interesting and high-risk." Yep, the famous Lord's drainage
11.35am: James: "On a positive note if you're English, it looks like the weather has shown a way to stop Steve Smith from scoring." Is this the opposite of bowling dry?
Swagat Ranjit: "Afghanistan, Ireland and Zimbabwe cannot play Test cricket anymore or their matches won't count in Test Championship?" They'll still play Tests but, yep, they aren't part of the WTC
Bruce Lamberton: "I have jumped straight to #5 in the five stages of rain delay grief and am valiantly refreshing Cricinfo every two minutes in what is probably misguided hope..." Not much to say at the moment, I'm afraid
Brett "Fish": "Given today's conditions i have reworked the likely Australian team if cricket gets underway at all: David Warmer, CamMonsoon Bancroft, Usman Khawashout, Travis Head-above-water, Matthew Wades, Tim Sprayin, Nathan Dryin, Pitter-Patter Cummins, Peter Dribbles, Josh Drizzlewood, Mitchell St-Ark" Good effort!
11.20am: Eden: "Wow Steve. You nailed those 5 stages. Literally summed up my morning!"
As we wait for better news from Lord's, here's a good read from Dan Brettig on Tim Paine who made his debut at this ground in 2010
Richard: "I see that Australia are awarded 24 points for their Edgbaston win - any idea how the points are allocated?" Here's all you need to know about the WTC
Lucas Clark: "As a Kiwi, is it wrong to feel a little aggrieved that the WTC will be shared if the final is drawn or tied? Not bitter :-D"
11.05am: Hello everyone, great to be back in London. Not sure you can hold the weather against me.
Bob McGee: "In the face of English pessimism and Aussie hubris let's not forget that it's mighty hard to win a test with a man down let alone when that man is a wicket taker as prolific as Mr Anderson. Series is an even money bet from here. As a pragmatic Australian fan I'm happy for 20 more days like this one."
Steve: "For those new to test cricket, here is The 5 stages of (rain delay) grief. 1. Denial - you believe the rain will stop any minute and play will start. 2. Anger - you swear and tweet about English weather. 3. Bargaining - you msg cricinfo for a weather update and ask about rules for making up lost overs. 4. Depression - you hate the world because cricket was meant to be your highlight today. 5. Acceptance - you stop refreshing cricinfo every 2 mins, and go do some mundane non-cricket related task."
Pranay: "Today reminds me of 9th August last year when I had traveled all the way from Singapore with my 1-year old to watch the 1st day of India-England at Lord's. Instead, I just watched rain come down. Worst part - it always felt like play would start soon so had to wait all the way till almost 6 before it was called off. Best part - could still go and buy food and beer (unlike what I see in Miller's pic), and considering the carnage the next day, it didn't feel that bad to miss the play." Miller was there that day as well, so maybe it's all his fault
11.00am: Right, speaking of Andrew McGlashan, he's back in London and suddenly it's like Dhaka in monsoon season. Let's see if he can explain himself...
10.51am: Nope, the ground is being covered up again, feel free to go about your business. Looks like the rain has returned on schedule. Never fear, though, there's stuff to get your teeth into on the Live Report, including a poll on James Pattinson's omission and the return of Miller's patented Grey Scale tool.
"For what it's worth (probably not a lot) it's currently dry in Manchester (but wet under foot). Just thought you might like to know!" Gnasher, who'll be joining me on comms for this Test, will be delighted to hear that, James
Alan Hardy is feeling as gloomy at the weather, meanwhile: "I don't know why there's all this talk about a 4 day Test. Rain is forecast on other days too. At best we're going to get about 3 days."
10.50am: The covers are being slowly peeled off, a few of the England players heading towards the Nursery Ground nets... Sit tight, people
"Shame Moeen ain't here. Being a Worcester lad, he'd feel at home on an outfield resembling a lake," chuckles mickey scan
10.40am: There will be an inspection at 11am, things a little brighter at Lord's now, apparently. Though another band of rain is forecast to be creeping up to ambush St Johns Wood soon enough. Anyway, while we wait, here's an exclusive chat with honours board-hogging Chris Woakes about his sensational Lord's record.
""Cold as a February barbeque'? You gotta be kidding me. Is this a narrow Northern Hemisphere POV?" Well, Boderick Boddin, given we're talking about a game at Lord's, in England, which I believe is still in the northern hemisphere... I hope we can agree it's an apt image
"Sitting at Belushis in Barcelona, got up wild and early at 11am for a good day of cricket at the pub only to be told don't bother..... guess I'll just sidle off to the other side of the bar." Dig in for the long haul, Kirk. You could be in for a large bar bill wait
10.35am: Raining in Galle now, too. Though apparently, against all odds, it's currently dry iin Aberdeen.
10.30am: Move along, nothing to see here. Well, barring some purple pluvial prose from Miller: "Honestly, this is utterly, utterly gopping. Minging, merciless, pointless. And seriously bloody wet. I mean, I've done rain in England before, in fact I consider myself a connoisseur. But this is just filthy and insidious. Vast, hornet-style mega-drops of rain, colder than a February barbecue. And already turning the outfield beneath the Mound Stand into a floodplain. That said, the drainage is super-human here, and we are inevitably set fair for a 4.30pm toss and play through til 8pm."
Here's Mark, who is probably on the money with his final sentence: "I wonder what is in the script today? Surely, Australia's win at Edgbaston must rate with the great comeback wins of recent years? The Australian script might well read 300-4 at the Close, with Archer 0-85. The England script would probably be more like Australia 140ao, with wickets shared between Broad, Woakes and Archer and England 180-3 in reply. Who will be right? Or will the rain win the day?"#
"Can play start at 10:30 on the next 4 days to get some time back?" asks David Dewhurst. "Would be worth getting this out there for people with tickets for days 2-5. Cheers." The short answer is no, David. Play never starts early in England, though they will go on for an extra half hour(!) to make up some overs at the end of the day
10.15am: One of our yet-to-be-drowned rats has sent out a distress signal from Lord's:


"About the toss - what are the rules on timing - should they not just have the toss at 1030 anyway - regardless of rain?" wonders Bob. "Or is it stipulated that the toss should be 30mins before the start of play? Just curious...." Yes, the toss won't take place until they think there's a prospect of getting on. Not least because the conditions will affect selection, which is only confirmed at the toss
And on that subject, here's James: "Interesting point you raise about tinkering with the side in a 4 day test? You imagine England might bench leach and play Curran but I cant see Aus making much changes given Lyon is a huge part of this attack in all conditions? Maybe they keep Pattinson to blast em out?" Hmmm, I presume they could select outside the XII, given that is a self-imposed restriction
"I know I'm getting ahead of myself but who's on #politeenquiries duties for this match?" I would think it'll be Mel and Miller, Fergie. Gotta employ a rotation policy in big series like this
10am: Half an hour until toss, theoretically. But that isn't going to be happening. If it's actual cricket you're after, try Galle. I'm just hoping Miller, Dan and Mel have got themselves a pea-green boat to take refuge in.
"Having seen the forecast for today I think I'm going to have to get the next three days work done today... Do you reckon there's any chance of play?" Don't put your lunch money on it, Badger. Might be worth building an ark instead
"Please can we have proven match-winner extra-special Sam Curran in the England team, replacing proven flop Denly?" Bit harsh to judge Denly on four Tests, Ben, given he's opened in one, and batted No. 3 and No. 4 in the others... But I do think Curran will have a say in the series at some stage
"You have a crack team at Lords? I thought champagne was the drug of choice there. Oh, I guess you can't publish that." Top banter there, Mal. Doesn't cross any of my white lines
9.50am: Ignoring the weather for a moment, what are the known knowns? Australia have already benched James Pattinson for this game, with Josh Hazlewood and Mitchell Starc competing for (most likely) one spot. England are expected to bring in Jofra Archer and Jack Leach for James Anderson and Moeen Ali - although Sam Curran remains an option in the squad. Thereafter, as Andrew Miller writes, it's a case of hope versus expectation as England bid to level the series. Getting rid of Steve Smith cheaply would certainly help, but as Root admitted, it's easy to get distracted by his unorthodox methods.
"Any prospect of the rain relenting for Australia to continue its winning charge? I just need to know whether or not to stay up here in Sydney?" I wouldn't get your hopes up today, Gibbo. If they do get on, it'll be in the mezzanine hours Straya time
"Sitting here in Lebanon waiting for the fun to start," says Iain, optimistically. "Hope that Australia get off to a strong opening partnership. Would love to grind the Englishmen into the turf and bat and bat and bat."
Here's KARTIK: "Hi there good morning! I have tickets to the game, should I come to the ground and have tea with you guys or go back to work?" Miller's always up for a cup of brown joy, Kartik. Milk, no sugar
9.35am: Morning all, and welcome to our coverage of the Lord's Ashes Test. O frabjous day! Callooh! Callay! Sadly it's already raining heavily at Lord's, so we might have to make our own entertainment this morning (or possibly even the duration). The forecast is pretty grim until about mid-afternoon, so already there might be some thoughts about tinkering with selection for a four-day Test. Anyway, let's not get too far ahead of ourselves. Valkerie Baynes' preview is the place to start your day, and we'll have more updates from our crack, windcheater-clad team at the ground.
 Innings Start
4.12pm: Jiminy Cricket, what a session that was! As ever, Steven Smith was at the centre of the action: imperious with the bat until roughed up by Jofra Archer, who stoked up the Babylonian fires during an electric spell. Smith was first struck on the arm, bringing up a duck egg-like bruise; then he was felled amid worrying scenes, taking a blow on the neck from another Archer bumper. Fortunately he was able to walk off, only to then return at the fall of the next wicket and get to within a couple of blows of a remarkable century. At the end of it all, England have an eight-run lead on first innings and the next session will be key in attempts to force a result. You can bet Australia will be fired up to back up Smith's bravery with the ball. Do England have a wobble in them? Find out with Gnasher shortly


94.3;W;Broad to Cummins, OUT short ball, Cummins swipes at it - gloved to the keeper! Cummins walks off, Broad has his fourth and that is the Australia innings wrapped up;Pat Cummins c ?Bairstow b Broad 20 (137m 80b 3x4 0x6) SR: 25;
94.2;?;Broad to Cummins, no run angling in and then seaming as Cummins gets a little squared up in defence;
94.1;?;Broad to Cummins, no run good length around off stump, Cummins defends;
93.6;2;Leach to Hazlewood, 2 runs flighted, Hazlewood is forward and shovels a drive through the covers for a couple, raising the Australia 250 in the process;
93.5;?;Leach to Hazlewood, no run tossed up outside off and jabbed away coming across;
93.4;1lb;Leach to Cummins, 1 leg bye stays over the wicket, spinning in from the rough outside leg, they take a leg bye deflected towards short fine leg;
93.3;1;Leach to Hazlewood, 1 run pushed through, Hazlewood rocks back and whips a single through square leg to get off the mark;
93.2;?;Leach to Hazlewood, no run tossed up from over the wicket, defended cautiously on the front foot;
93.1;W;Leach to Lyon, OUT sliding in with the arm, strikes the back pad - up goes the finger! Lyon immediately reviews, perhaps thinking he'd got some bat on it; because if not, that's pretty plumb. What does the DRS have to say? Past the inside edge, a clear gap and Hawk-Eye has it hitting the top of middle and leg! So Leach strikes with the first ball of his spell, claiming his first wicket in a home Test;Nathan Lyon lbw b Leach 6 (28m 17b 0x4 0x6) SR: 35.29;
92.6;?;Broad to Cummins, no run draws the edge, taken at first slip - but it's just short of carrying! Root took it on the bounce, knew immediately. Broad close to a fourth;
92.5;?;Broad to Cummins, no run pushed down the ground into the leg side;
92.4;?;Broad to Cummins, no run pitched fuller, homing in on off stump, Cummins shows it a straight bat;
92.3;?;Broad to Cummins, no run shortish and leg side, Cummins blocks towards mid-on;
92.2;3;Broad to Lyon, 3 runs driven on the up, lollipopped through mid-off and it'll run away...! Three more to the total;
92.1;?;Broad to Lyon, no run back of a length outside off, 85mph/137kph and Lyon swipes at it and misses;
91.6;4;Woakes to Cummins, FOUR runs fullish, Cummins slashes at it, thick-edges low through the cordon for four! Stokes threw out a paw but couldn't get near it;
91.5;1;Woakes to Lyon, 1 run straying on to the pads and Lyon flicks one more away to fine leg;
91.4;?;Woakes to Lyon, no run pitched up and punched back to the bowler's left, Woakes fields in his follow through;
91.3;?;Woakes to Lyon, no run fuller, 82mph/134kph outside off stump, Lyon drives into the covers;
91.2;?;Woakes to Lyon, no run fired in straight and Lyon works it towards midwicket;
91.1;?;Woakes to Lyon, no run short ball, half an appeal for a leg-side strangle, but don't think he got any glove on that;
90.6;1;Broad to Lyon, 1 run banged in, 85mph/137kph and Lyon swings it away on the pull for one more;
90.5;1;Broad to Cummins, 1 run angling in and nudged off the pads;
90.4;1;Broad to Lyon, 1 run short ball, Lyon swivels neatly on the pulls, sends one to deep square leg;
90.3;?;Broad to Lyon, no run Lyon comes across and misses with an attempt to swat it to leg;
90.2;?;Broad to Lyon, no run fullish, pushed into the off side;
90.1;?;Broad to Lyon, no run pitched up, shoots through low outside off stump as Lyon prods in defence;
89.6;?;Woakes to Cummins, no run pitched up and driven into the covers - completes a maiden over;
89.5;?;Woakes to Cummins, no run angling in and tucked off the pads square on the leg side;
89.4;?;Woakes to Cummins, no run length on off, steered towards backward point;
89.3;?;Woakes to Cummins, no run full length and plinked into the covers without any timing;
89.2;?;Woakes to Cummins, no run length ball, 82mph/133kph, props forward to defend;
89.1;?;Woakes to Cummins, no run pitched up around off stump, Cummins blocks;
88.6;?;Broad to Lyon, no run good length but straying leg side once more;
88.5;?;Broad to Lyon, no run full, flung down the leg side, behind the legs;
88.4;?;Broad to Lyon, no run length ball, aiming for the top of off, Lyon defends;
88.3;1;Broad to Cummins, 1 run dropped! Slashed up and over the slips as Roy throws a hand up above his head! Went quickly and he didn't have much chance to react;
88.2;?;Broad to Cummins, no run pushed down the leg side, Cummins flicks at it and misses;
88.1;?;Broad to Cummins, no run comes across on off stump, defended;
87.6;?;Woakes to Lyon, no run beaten playing back, excellent line from Woakes, past the outside edge again;
87.5;W;Woakes to Smith, OUT ZOMG, he's left a straight one! Smith seemed to turn away and start walking, then reviews, but I think that's in desperation... Hawk-Eye says it was demolishing middle stump, and Smith is crowbarred from the crease eight runs short of his hundred! What a phenomenal innings, but he was clearly not quite as composed after returning;Steven Smith lbw b Woakes 92 (264m 161b 14x4 0x6) SR: 57.14;
87.4;?;Woakes to Smith, no run struck on the pads by one that seams away, muted appeal for lbw - struck him outside line;
87.3;4;Woakes to Smith, FOUR runs pitched up, Smith gets front on, edges four through gully! Not in control but there was enough on it and the ball flew low and fast and away to the rope;
87.2;?;Woakes to Smith, no run shorter outside off, punched off the back foot and it deflects into his pads via an inside edge;
87.1;4lb;Woakes to Smith, 4 leg byes fired down the leg side, Smith gets a flick of trouser on it and the ball flies to the fence;
86.6;?;Broad to Cummins, no run pushed in with the arm, Cummins flicks at it and misses;
86.5;?;Broad to Cummins, no run comes across and defends a back-of-a-length ball square;
86.4;?;Broad to Cummins, no run nipping in off the seam, Cummins has a dabble and is beaten on the inside;
86.3;?;Broad to Cummins, no run short and a touch wide, happy enough to leave those;
86.2;?;Broad to Cummins, no run back of a length around off stump, Cummins defends;
86.1;?;Broad to Cummins, no run back of a length in the channel outside off;
85.6;?;Woakes to Smith, no run digs in the bouncer, 84mph/136kph just outside off, Smith sways out of the way;
85.5;4;Woakes to Smith, FOUR runs four more, drilled through cover off the back foot! Sitting back and easing this down the slope towards the Mound Stand. Feisty stuff;
85.4;4;Woakes to Smith, FOUR runs slugged over mid-on! Smith is brawling...! Pitched up and he frees the arms to clatter this over the infield and away;
85.3;?;Woakes to Smith, no run pitched up, skidding on a touch as Smith defends on off stump;
85.2;W;Woakes to Siddle, OUT prancing from a length, kisses the shoulder of the bat - gone! Beautiful line from Woakes, shaping away late and Siddle's defences are breached;Peter Siddle c ?Bairstow b Woakes 9 (40m 31b 1x4 0x6) SR: 29.03;
85.1;?;Woakes to Siddle, no run back of a length, 83mph/134kph and rapping Siddle on the thigh pad as he moves into line;
84.6;?;Broad to Cummins, no run pitched up and pushed back gently into the off side;
84.5;?;Broad to Cummins, no run short ball, well-directed as Cummins moves across and ducks;
84.4;?;Broad to Cummins, no run pitched up, 87mph/139kph and met with a front-foot block;
84.3;?;Broad to Cummins, no run length ball on off, Cummins gets into line;
84.2;?;Broad to Cummins, no run pitched up, shaping away as Cummins has a poke at it on the drive;
84.1;?;Broad to Cummins, no run back of a length over the stumps, forced towards square leg;
83.6;?;Woakes to Siddle, no run in-ducker, smacking into the pads again, another lbw appeal - Gaffaney shakes his head! Leg side, maybe some bat involved, as Siddle flicked at it;
83.5;?;Woakes to Siddle, no run pitched up, again he's forward on off stump;
83.4;?;Woakes to Siddle, no run full on off, Siddle drops his bat on it;
83.3;?;Woakes to Siddle, no run back of a length, Siddle short-arms it into the on side;
83.2;?;Woakes to Siddle, no run speared in, 84mph/135ph and Siddle takes it on the pad again, heading past leg stump;
83.1;?;Woakes to Siddle, no run Woakes still a touch short, seaming away outside off;
82.6;?;Broad to Cummins, no run back of a length and worked off the hip coming across;
82.5;?;Broad to Cummins, no run length ball, scrambled seam, kippers Cummins on the back foot - past the bat and into the keeper's gloves;
82.4;3;Broad to Siddle, 3 runs angled in towards off stump, 84mph/136kph and Siddle dabs it through gully with an open face for two;
82.3;?;Broad to Siddle, no run pitched up, wide of the stumps and Siddle has a dip, beaten past the outside edge;
82.2;1lb;Broad to Cummins, 1 leg bye pushed leg side and Cummins works it for one;
82.1;?;Broad to Cummins, no run back of a length outside off, zipping through as Cummins hangs back;
81.6;?;Woakes to Siddle, no run pitched up and nibbling away as Siddle steps out and lets it go;
81.5;?;Woakes to Siddle, no run slung down the leg side;
81.4;?;Woakes to Siddle, no run lovely shape on this, 82mph/133kph but maybe a fraction short... Siddle beaten as he prods from the crease;
81.3;?;Woakes to Siddle, no run angling in and worked towards midwicket coming across;
81.2;?;Woakes to Siddle, no run back of a length and wobbling away in the channel, Siddle leaves alone;
81.1;?;Woakes to Siddle, no run swinging in, struck on the pads, England go up in unison... Gaffaney shakes his head, reckon that was sliding down;
80.6;4b;Archer to Cummins, 4 byes fired down the leg side, veering away as Bairstow leaps after it, that'll go to the rope (but not on Archer's figures);
80.5;?;Archer to Cummins, no run another bumper, 90mph/145kph and climbing above the ducking Cummins this time;
80.4;?;Archer to Cummins, no run banged in short, Cummins wears the blow on the ribs. Archer still bringing 90mph heat here;
80.3;?;Archer to Cummins, no run back of a length, 89mph/143kph and Cummins hops across to defend;
80.2;?;Archer to Cummins, no run shapes leg side again, 86mph/138kph as Archer searches for his line with the new ball;
80.1;?;Archer to Cummins, no run length ball, jagging down the leg side as Cummins shuffles across and lets it buzz through;
79.6;4;Leach to Siddle, FOUR runs back round the wicket, slips onto the pads and gets tickled away fine...Burns chases but can't flick it back. Deficit now under 50;
79.5;?;Leach to Siddle, no run well outside leg, he plays at it and defends;
79.4;?;Leach to Siddle, no run full at the stumps, he stretches forward and defends;
79.3;1;Leach to Cummins, 1 run tucked off the pads into square leg;
79.2;?;Leach to Cummins, no run this spins sharply from the rough! Defeats Cummins' drive, extra bounce and Bairstow can't take it cleanly;
79.1;?;Leach to Cummins, no run over the wicket, pitches outside leg, tapped to the leg side;
78.6;?;Archer to Siddle, no run full and straight, played back to the bowler;
78.5;?;Archer to Siddle, no run bouncer, he ducks;
78.4;?;Archer to Siddle, no run thought that was the slower ball, although it's clocked at 90mph/144kph...not sure about that, it was the knuckle ball for sure;
78.3;?;Archer to Siddle, no run goes under another bouncer;
78.2;?;Archer to Siddle, no run beats the inside edge! More seam movement back into the batsman, 92mph/148kph, but doesn't take the edge;
78.1;?;Archer to Siddle, no run a short ball ball banged in at 92mph, he ducks;
77.6;?;Leach to Cummins, no run touch of extra bounce on off stump, defended to backward point;
77.5;1;Leach to Siddle, 1 run tapped into the off side, a sharp single;
77.4;?;Leach to Siddle, no run on middle, hint of turn, and defended;
77.3;?;Leach to Siddle, no run touch shorter, he plays back and knocks it to the leg side;
77.2;?;Leach to Siddle, no run on the front foot, defended;
77.1;?;Leach to Siddle, no run full at the stumps, defended to cover;
76.6;?;Archer to Cummins, no run what a ball! Zips back from a short-of-a-length at 92mph/148kph and cuts Cummins in half;
76.5;?;Archer to Cummins, no run nicely behind the line, short on middle and off, defended;
76.4;?;Archer to Cummins, no run short of a length, nips back into the thigh guard...95mph/153kph. This must be one of the fastest spells ever by an England bowler;
76.3;1;Archer to Siddle, 1 run full at the stumps, well played by Siddle who is solidly behind it and pushes wide of the bowler;
76.2;?;Archer to Smith, no run oh dear! He's been clattered here by the short ball. He's down. This is nasty. Took him on the unprotected part of the neck. The medics are out there straightaway, from both sides, and the England players have immediately gone to Smith. These are not scenes you want to see. Smith is lying on his back in the crease as he gets seen to by medical staff. Everyone will take the utmost care here with Smith. He's standing up again. He looks dazed. Talking to the doctor now. Will be going through concussion tests. Looks as though he's retiring hurt. Smith walks off Lord's to warm applause;
76.1;4;Archer to Smith, FOUR runs gets the pull shot away, just wide of square! Archer banged it in, didn't get over it but was actually quite some way from the fielder in the end;
75.6;?;Leach to Cummins, no run tight over, full at middle and off, defended;
75.5;?;Leach to Cummins, no run shorter in length, pushed to the covers;
75.4;?;Leach to Cummins, no run and again, pushed to the off side;
75.3;?;Leach to Cummins, no run full again, on the stumps, he stretches forward;
75.2;?;Leach to Cummins, no run full at middle, defended;
75.1;1;Leach to Smith, 1 run full and straight, drives inside-out to mid-off...direct hit but Smith is well home;
74.6;?;Archer to Cummins, no run good length outside off, jags away off the seam but Cummins does well not to follow it;
74.5;?;Archer to Cummins, no run flashes outside off at a short of a length delivery;
74.4;?;Archer to Cummins, no run fended down in front of short leg off the glove;
74.3;?;Archer to Cummins, no run beats the outside edge! Back of a length outside off, 92mph/148kph, and Cummins has a nibble;
74.2;4;Archer to Cummins, FOUR runs lovely shot, full outside off, driven confidently through the covers;
74.1;?;Archer to Cummins, no run a bouncer, he gets underneath it...91mph/146kph;
73.6;?;Leach to Smith, no run full and straight, driven firmly back to Leach;
73.5;?;Leach to Smith, no run defends a length ball and immediately takes his hand off the bat;
73.4;1;Leach to Cummins, 1 run stretches forward, gets a thickish inside edge towards midwicket and they scamper a single;
73.3;?;Leach to Cummins, no run angled into the pads, pushed to the on side;
73.2;?;Leach to Cummins, no run full at middle and leg, defended;
73.1;?;Leach to Cummins, no run props forward and defends to cover;
72.6;?;Archer to Smith, no run fended down in front of short leg! 96mph/155kph! Smith does very well here, hammers into the gloves and he manages to keep it down in front of Buttler. What drama. Great cricket;
72.5;1;Archer to Cummins, 1 run short outside off, 94mph/151kph, edged down to third man between slip and gully...lively stuff;
72.4;?;Archer to Cummins, no run defended to cover;
72.3;?;Archer to Cummins, no run big appeal for caught behind! Another short ball. No one is really sure and at the last minute Root calls the review. Cummins was trying to get out of the line. This may actually be one of the worst reviews of all time. Nowhere near anything. Move on;
72.3;1nb;Archer to Cummins, (no ball) fuller at the stumps, defended...he's overstepped;
72.2;1;Archer to Smith, 1 run short again! Not in control of the hook but it lands safely towards long leg...the atmosphere has gone up a few levels. That was 94mph/151kph!;
72.1;4;Archer to Smith, FOUR runs top edge! A rapid bouncer from Archer, Smith takes it on and gets a nick...no chance for Bairstow. Hold on, folks;
71.6;?;Leach to Cummins, no run clipped off the toes to square leg, no single so Smith is on strike to Archer;
71.5;?;Leach to Cummins, no run that's more of a heave as he clubs this to mid-on;
71.4;?;Leach to Cummins, no run very full, looking to work to the leg side and gets a leading edge;
71.3;?;Leach to Cummins, no run fuller at off stump, driven to cover;
71.2;?;Leach to Cummins, no run gets forward, good length, defended...buying Smith a few moments;
71.1;?;Leach to Cummins, no run forward and defends;
70.6;?;Archer to Smith, no run he's hit again as he ducks into a bouncer, taken on the arm...that was brisk again and came back at Smith. Smashes into the forearm;
70.5;?;Archer to Smith, no run very short outside off, Bairstow has to leap to gather it;
70.4;?;Archer to Smith, no run full outside off, left alone;
70.3;?;Archer to Smith, no run this jags back off the seam from short of a length and strikes Smith on his back elbow;
70.3;1w;Archer to Smith, 1 wide a very short bouncer, left alone;
70.2;4;Archer to Smith, FOUR runs flayed through the off side! Full outside off, stand-and-deliver from Smith as he drives it wide of mid-off;
70.1;?;Archer to Smith, no run back of a length at off stump, defended;
69.6;?;Leach to Cummins, no run presses forward to a full delivery and plays to cover;
69.5;?;Leach to Cummins, no run full and pushed back to the bowler;
69.4;?;Leach to Cummins, no run appeal for lbw but that started too much on leg stump;
69.3;1;Leach to Smith, 1 run keeps it full at the stumps, driven towards mid-on who is deep enough for the single;
69.2;?;Leach to Smith, no run full and straight, strongly whipped to midwicket;
69.1;?;Leach to Smith, no run round the wicket, full at leg stump, he goes to flick it away and gets a thick inside edge towards square leg;
68.6;4b;Archer to Cummins, 4 byes that's rapid...93mph again! Too quick for everyone. Cummins didn't know much about it as it zipped over the top edge and Bairstow couldn't collect it. Bonus runs for Australia;
68.5;?;Archer to Cummins, no run there's a proper bumper! And it's 93mph. Flies over Cummins and Bairstow has to spring off his feet to collect it;
68.4;4;Archer to Cummins, FOUR runs short of a length outside off, angled wide of second slip, he was in reasonable control and managed to keep it down;
68.3;1;Archer to Smith, 1 run driven off the back foot into the covers, point intercepts;
68.2;?;Archer to Smith, no run the slower ball again, drifts down the leg side, very full, Bairstow does well to tumble across and cut it off;
68.1;3;Archer to Cummins, 3 runs gives him a length ball first up, squirts off a thick outside edge through backward point and he gets off strike...not ideal for England;
67.6;?;Broad to Smith, no run wide outside off, left alone;
67.5;?;Broad to Smith, no run good length outside off, 85mph, defended;
67.4;4;Broad to Smith, FOUR runs full and straight, whipped sweetly through midwicket...he just never (or almost never) misses;
67.3;2;Broad to Smith, 2 runs very full outside off, Smith drives slightly across the ball and it squirts off a thick outside edge through point;
67.2;?;Broad to Smith, no run ends up right across outside off, jabs a length delivery to the covers;
67.1;?;Broad to Smith, no run length ball outside off, defended to cover;
66.6;W;Archer to Paine, OUT taken at short leg! Good field setting, well bowled. Back of a length at off stump, nips back at Paine, takes a thick inside edge into the top of the pad then loops to Buttler;Tim Paine c Buttler b Archer 23 (98m 70b 2x4 0x6) SR: 32.85;
66.5;?;Archer to Paine, no run a bouncer, 88mph, he ducks underneath;
66.4;1;Archer to Smith, 1 run shuffles inside the line and works off his hip to long leg;
66.3;?;Archer to Smith, no run full outside off, 87mph, defended square to point;
66.2;1;Archer to Paine, 1 run worked off the pads behind square on the leg side;
66.1;?;Archer to Paine, no run length at off stump, defended to the on side;
65.6;?;Broad to Smith, no run length ball at off stump, Smith across the crease and plays to midwicket;
65.5;4;Broad to Smith, FOUR runs hammered! Full outside off, drills it straight back past Broad's left hand, no chance of mid-off getting across;
65.4;?;Broad to Smith, no run full outside off, scuttles through on the second bounce to the keeper;
65.3;1;Broad to Paine, 1 run full at off stump, pushed towards mid-on for a well-judged single;
65.2;?;Broad to Paine, no run nicely bowled, good length outside off, beats the edge as he plays forward;
65.1;?;Broad to Paine, no run starts with a full toss outside off, Paine drives it straight to cover;
64.6;?;Stokes to Smith, no run length ball in the channel, touching 90mph, Smith plays at it when he could leave and squirts a low edge to gully - but that's okay, he can head off for lunch knowing there's plenty more opportunity to bat this afternoon;
64.5;?;Stokes to Smith, no run bends his back to send down an 88mph bouncer, Smith ducks inside the line;
64.4;?;Stokes to Smith, no run fuller around off stump and clipped to mid-on from back in the crease;
64.3;?;Stokes to Smith, no run back of a length and tucked down into the leg side;
64.2;1;Stokes to Paine, 1 run more short stuff, 87mph/139kph but it doesn't get up that high, swivel-pulled for one to deep square leg;
64.1;?;Stokes to Paine, no run dug in, rising over Pain's left shoulder as he lets the bumper go;
63.6;?;Leach to Smith, no run tossed up around middle and off, blocked on the front foot;
63.5;?;Leach to Smith, no run pushed through as Smith goes back on off stump and plays with a straight bat;
63.4;?;Leach to Smith, no run tossed up and pushed back into the off side;
63.3;?;Leach to Smith, no run flighted, drifting in as Smith leans out to block;
63.2;?;Leach to Smith, no run full on the stumps, defended coming forwards;
63.1;?;Leach to Smith, no run lobbed up on the stumps and whipped to midwicket;
62.6;?;Stokes to Paine, no run pitched up, 87mph/139kph and driven coming forwards, picks out extra cover;
62.5;?;Stokes to Paine, no run fuller, pushed into the off side;
62.4;?;Stokes to Paine, no run ooh, good nut, turns him around, the ball looping short of slip... Think it came off the back leg, rather than bat, though;
62.3;?;Stokes to Paine, no run pitched up, 89mph/143kph and defended coming forwards;
62.2;1;Stokes to Smith, 1 run short ball, worked away through square leg;
62.1;1lb;Stokes to Paine, 1 leg bye dug in short and Paine flaps at a pull, deflects the ball off the body behind square;
61.6;?;Leach to Smith, no run some spin here for Leach, full and flighted outside off, Smith lets it go;
61.5;?;Leach to Smith, no run tossed up on off stump, smothered on the front foot;
61.4;?;Leach to Smith, no run angled in with the arm, Smith defends;
61.3;?;Leach to Smith, no run floated up and blocked on the front foot;
61.2;4;Leach to Smith, FOUR runs leaps out, gives it the old honky-tonk over midwicket...! Into an unguarded area of the field and that will bounce away, taking Smith to 50 for the third time in the series. How long does he want today's net to last?;
61.1;?;Leach to Smith, no run floated up around off stump, Smith reaches forward to defend softly;
60.6;?;Stokes to Paine, no run length ball, 85mph/137kph and blocked into the off side;
60.5;?;Stokes to Paine, no run skidding on, Paine pulls and wears the ball on the thigh pad... England appeal for lbw, but that looked high;
60.4;1;Stokes to Smith, 1 run angled in and worked for a single;
60.3;?;Stokes to Smith, no run lets this one go with a flourish of the bat;
60.2;4;Stokes to Smith, FOUR runs driven off the back foot, full and wide but Smith flays it through the covers for four! Some flair to go with the twitches;
60.1;2;Stokes to Smith, 2 runs short of a length and worked away through midwicket for a couple;
59.6;?;Leach to Paine, no run flighted, Paine is forward and punches straight to extra cover;
59.5;?;Leach to Paine, no run lobbed up full and again Paine defends off the inside half of the bat;
59.4;?;Leach to Paine, no run tossed up, this one goes on to clip the inside edge before hitting the front pad... Interested shouts from the England fielders;
59.3;3;Leach to Smith, 3 runs lobbed up, Smith opens up and slashes a drive through backward point, Broad misfielding to give them three;
59.2;?;Leach to Smith, no run pushed through a touch too straight, misses out with a flick off the pads;
59.1;?;Leach to Smith, no run floated up on off stump, Smith leans out to defend;
58.6;1;Stokes to Smith, 1 run dug in again and this one is helped away through backward square leg for a single;
58.5;?;Stokes to Smith, no run back of a length, 87mph and this jumps at Smith, raps him a blow on the bottom hand;
58.4;?;Stokes to Smith, no run dug in short, Smith flinches under it;
58.3;2;Stokes to Smith, 2 runs pushed in straighter from a wide angle, 86mph/138kph and plucked for a couple through backward square leg;
58.2;?;Stokes to Smith, no run slightly short, over middle and off and worked down towards midwicket;
58.1;?;Stokes to Smith, no run pitched up wide of the stumps, 82mph/133kph and left alone as Smith wanders across;
57.6;?;Leach to Paine, no run faster and flatter outside off, Paine drops back and chops a cut to backward point;
57.5;?;Leach to Paine, no run angled in from round the wicket, Paine blocks to cover;
57.4;?;Leach to Paine, no run looped up a touch wider, Paine pushes towards extra cover;
57.3;?;Leach to Paine, no run flighted, drifting in on the stumps, defended back towards the bowler;
57.2;?;Leach to Paine, no run pushed through a tad quicker, tapped away square on the off side;
57.1;?;Leach to Paine, no run angled in, flattish and turning a fraction, Paine blocks on off;
56.6;?;Archer to Smith, no run fuller, angling in as Smith chops down on it, blocked towards midwicket;
56.5;?;Archer to Smith, no run Smith is deep in his trench to leave again... Archer still a touch short;
56.4;?;Archer to Smith, no run short of a length again, 89mph/143kph outside off, YJB takes this one securely;
56.3;1b;Archer to Paine, 1 bye shortish in the corridor, whipping back late and giving Bairstow hell and all trouble... Australia scuttle through for the bye;
56.2;?;Archer to Paine, no run smacks him on the thigh pad, this zinging back in at Paine, who was rooted to the crease;
56.1;?;Archer to Paine, no run good length, 90mph/145kph and defended;
55.6;?;Woakes to Smith, no run shortish and nibbling away as Smith gets into line and does his ceremonial dance to leave;
55.5;?;Woakes to Smith, no run back of a length and worked to the leg side;
55.4;3;Woakes to Paine, 3 runs closer to off stump, tapped down and they pinch one into the covers... then Archer is out of position backing up, and the overthrow nearly goes all the way for four to deep midwicket!;
55.3;4;Woakes to Paine, FOUR runs short and wide, kaboomed through the covers! Lusty blow from Paine, taking advantage of a loose one to crash a cut for four, past the diving fielder;
55.2;?;Woakes to Paine, no run blocked into the covers on the front foot;
55.1;?;Woakes to Paine, no run good length in the channel, Paine is across and leaves;
54.6;1;Archer to Paine, 1 run banged in at 90mph, Paine is tucked up - spliced through gully! Could have flown anywhere but it went to ground, taking his bottom hand off the bat as it reared at him;
54.5;?;Archer to Paine, no run short of a length, 92mph/148kph, Paine yanks his rig out of the way;
54.4;?;Archer to Paine, no run comes across and lets this one go;
54.3;?;Archer to Paine, no run back of a length, 90mph/145kph, edged off the back foot... but short of second slip! Played softly, though, angled the bat to keep it down;
54.2;?;Archer to Paine, no run dug in, rapid bumper that Paine tries to pull from outside off stump, swings and misses;
54.1;?;Archer to Paine, no run pitched up, 89mph/143kph and shaping back in from wide of off stump, Paine shoulders arms;
53.6;1;Woakes to Paine, 1 run length ball, gets Paine pushing away from his body again, thick-edged through backward square leg for one more;
53.5;2;Woakes to Paine, 2 runs forces off the back foot, perilously close to dragging on! Bit loose from Paine but he gets away with it, Leach keeping them to a couple down at fine leg;
53.4;?;Woakes to Paine, no run pitched full again, defended on the front foot;
53.3;?;Woakes to Paine, no run pitched up, Paine is well forward to block on off stump;
53.2;1;Woakes to Smith, 1 run back of a length and tapped down into a gap square on the leg side;
53.1;1;Woakes to Paine, 1 run short of a length on the pads and Paine works it fine;
52.6;?;Archer to Smith, no run quick in the channel, beats the bat this time! Smith prodding uncertainly outside off - which is not something you can say too often;
52.5;?;Archer to Smith, no run banged in short, 88mph and soaring over the crouching Smith;
52.4;?;Archer to Smith, no run length outside off, 88mph/141kph and left alone;
52.3;?;Archer to Smith, no run full toss down the leg side, clips the pad, I think, as he attempts to flick;
52.2;?;Archer to Smith, no run fullish around off stump, Smith defends this time;
52.1;?;Archer to Smith, no run Smith deceived, but the ball bobbles low towards the slips... Archer bringing out his knuckleball, pace off and it draws a false stroke!;
51.6;?;Woakes to Paine, no run oof, snorter from Woakes! Fuller and dragging Paine out, then taking off as he pushes at it, past the shoulder of the bat!;
51.5;?;Woakes to Paine, no run jagging back, struck above the knee roll... England appeal but that looked high! Gaffaney not interested and there's no inclination to review, which looked like being a gamble;
51.4;?;Woakes to Paine, no run still a touch short outside off, Paine moves across and lets it go;
51.3;1;Woakes to Smith, 1 run shortish and worked away off his body through the leg side;
51.2;?;Woakes to Smith, no run pitched up but stays low, 82mph/133kph and seaming away as Smith gets into line and plays a good couple of inches inside the ball;
51.1;?;Woakes to Smith, no run slightly back of a length, shaping away outside off stump, Smith jumps into line and defends;
50.6;1;Archer to Smith, 1 run length just outside off, tapped into space at midwicket;
50.5;?;Archer to Smith, no run a bouncer, 89mph, Smith allows it over his head;
50.4;1;Archer to Paine, 1 run a short delivery, he gets cramped for room as he pulls and it bobbles around the corner;
50.3;?;Archer to Paine, no run back outside off stump, good length, defended;
50.2;4b;Archer to Paine, 4 byes angled down the leg side, considerable movement, misses everything so it's four byes;
50.1;?;Archer to Paine, no run nips back from short of a length, takes Paine high on the pads, there's a strangled appeal for lbw but that's surely too high;
49.6;2;Woakes to Smith, 2 runs finds the outside edge, a length ball outside off, doesn't go in the air as it runs between the slips and gully towards third man;
49.5;1;Woakes to Paine, 1 run shot of a length, angling leg side, tucked off the hip to long leg;
49.4;1;Woakes to Smith, 1 run manages to find the gap this time as he shovels this from outside off into midwicket;
49.3;?;Woakes to Smith, no run good length at off stump, 84mph, defended;
49.2;?;Woakes to Smith, no run across to off stump, looks to work a back-of-a-length delivery to the on side but gets it too straight;
49.1;?;Woakes to Smith, no run back of a length outside off, worked to mid-on;
48.6;?;Broad to Paine, no run length ball outside off, 83mph, through to the keeper. Broad might be getting towards the end of this spell;
48.5;?;Broad to Paine, no run full, wide outside off, left alone;
48.4;2;Broad to Paine, 2 runs full outside off, driven firmly square through the off side, point is able to chase it down;
48.3;?;Broad to Paine, no run length ball outside off, defended to the covers;
48.2;1;Broad to Smith, 1 run full and straight, bending back at Smith, worked down to fine leg and Broad can't believe it;
48.1;?;Broad to Smith, no run full outside off, left alone;
47.6;?;Archer to Paine, no run short of a length, defended to the on side;
47.5;4;Archer to Paine, FOUR runs comes forward to a fuller delivery outside off, slides off the outside edge wide of third slip down to third man...was in control;
47.4;?;Archer to Paine, no run a shorter ball, Paine pull and gets a bottom edge into his pads;
47.3;?;Archer to Paine, no run keeps it back of a length, 88mph, at middle and off, defended;
47.2;?;Archer to Paine, no run nice delivery, perhaps a fraction short, at off stump, defended off a thickish outside edge to backward point;
47.1;1;Archer to Smith, 1 run short of a length at off stump, tucked into midwicket...the bread-and-butter shot;
46.6;?;Broad to Paine, no run full and straight, clipped firmly to mid-on;
46.5;?;Broad to Paine, no run comes forward and drives a full delivery to mid-on without much timing;
46.4;?;Broad to Paine, no run fuller at off stump, 84mph, defended coming forward;
46.3;?;Broad to Paine, no run back of a length at off stump, defended;
46.2;?;Broad to Paine, no run tight to off stump, played to the off side;
46.1;?;Broad to Paine, no run full outside off, gets forward and pushes on the move to cover;
45.6;?;Archer to Smith, no run a short ball down the leg side, allows it through to the keeper;
45.5;?;Archer to Smith, no run plays this very strangely, it's short outside off, jabs the bat it...not sure if he was planning to leave it;
45.4;?;Archer to Smith, no run short of a length outside off, defended to point;
45.3;?;Archer to Smith, no run length ball outside off, 87mph, left alone;
45.2;?;Archer to Smith, no run that's very loose! Has a slash at some width, doesn't make contact, close to an edge...he's angry with himself;
45.1;?;Archer to Smith, no run he gets squared up here, back of a length, takes the back leg;
44.6;?;Broad to Paine, no run back of a length outside off, left alone;
44.5;?;Broad to Paine, no run full outside off, left alone;
44.4;?;Broad to Paine, no run goes for the yorker, outside off, takes the toe end towards mid-on;
44.3;?;Broad to Paine, no run well bowled, back of a length at off stump, touch of extra bounce and Paine takes his bottom hand off the bat as he defends;
44.2;W;Broad to Wade, OUT edged, taken at third slip! Broad has worked hard for that. It's full outside off, tempts the drive from Wade, the thick edge flies low to Burns who takes a very good catch inches from the turf;Matthew Wade c Burns b Broad 6 (66m 45b 1x4 0x6) SR: 13.33;
44.1;?;Broad to Wade, no run round the wicket, full outside off, left alone;
43.6;1lb;Archer to Wade, 1 leg bye and he ducks into a short ball! Round the wicket, Wade tries to go underneath it and gets taken on the arm...rebounds away behind square;
43.5;1;Archer to Smith, 1 run full and straight, tucked wide of mid-on;
43.4;?;Archer to Smith, no run in the channel outside off, left alone;
43.3;?;Archer to Smith, no run full outside off, 87mph, defended on the front foot to cover;
43.2;?;Archer to Smith, no run a bouncer, 85mph, Bairstow can't glove it cleanly;
43.1;?;Archer to Smith, no run full outside off, left alone...wobbles as it reaches Bairstow;
42.6;?;Broad to Wade, no run back of a length outside off, comes in with the angle but is wide enough to leave. Tidy over;
42.5;?;Broad to Wade, no run fuller, at off stump, Wade gets a little square on as he defends to cover;
42.4;?;Broad to Wade, no run length ball outside off, defended from the crease to the on side;
42.3;?;Broad to Wade, no run round the wicket, full outside off, Wade whips it to mid-on;
42.2;1;Broad to Smith, 1 run across to off stump and works a back-of-a-length delivery off the pads to deep square...Australia bring up their 100;
42.1;?;Broad to Smith, no run full, wide outside off, left alone;
41.6;?;Archer to Wade, no run extra bounce, and that's some pain for Wade as it zeros in on his gloves as he fends to the leg side;
41.5;?;Archer to Wade, no run shorter in length, outside off at 86mph, defended off the splice towards point;
41.4;?;Archer to Wade, no run straighter delivery, angled in at off stump, worked to square leg;
41.3;?;Archer to Wade, no run back of a length at off stump, defended;
41.2;?;Archer to Wade, no run round the wicket, a bouncer outside off, Wade ducks;
41.1;1;Archer to Smith, 1 run good length at off stump, Smith playing it from the back foot and gets a thick inside edge to fine leg;
40.6;?;Broad to Wade, no run not quite so full this time, outside off, defended to the on side;
40.5;4;Broad to Wade, FOUR runs round the wicket, full outside off, driven very sweetly straight of mid-off...takes Wade to 1000 Test runs;
40.4;1;Broad to Smith, 1 run gets across inside the line and works off the pads to deep square;
40.3;?;Broad to Smith, no run that's a ripper! Zips away from just back of a length and beats the outside edge, climbs as well to Bairstow...might find the edge if it's a touch fuller;
40.2;?;Broad to Smith, no run length ball at off stump, 87mph, defended into midwicket;
40.1;4;Broad to Smith, FOUR runs through the off side again, lovely piece of timing, just back of a length outside off and punched through square cover;
39.6;1;Stokes to Smith, 1 run back of a length, straight, worked off the pads to deep square leg...Smith straight back into the groove;
39.5;1;Stokes to Wade, 1 run goes full and straight, clipped firmly down to long leg...Root has his head in his hands, pondering Wade missing that;
39.4;?;Stokes to Wade, no run length ball outside off, zips across at 86mph;
39.3;?;Stokes to Wade, no run hangs it full outside off, left alone;
39.2;?;Stokes to Wade, no run full outside off, driven to mid-off where Archer makes a tumbling save;
39.1;?;Stokes to Wade, no run short of a length outside off, left alone;
38.6;?;Broad to Smith, no run fuller, at the stumps, defended on the shuffle to cover;
38.5;4;Broad to Smith, FOUR runs that's a wonderful shot, back of a length outside off, gets on his toes and square drives through point;
38.4;?;Broad to Smith, no run full outside off, left alone;
38.4;1w;Broad to Smith, 1 wide a bouncer, quite floaty, loops over Smith's back;
38.3;?;Broad to Smith, no run on off stump, back of a length, defended to the bowler and then Smith swishes is bat in all directions for now reason except he's Steve Smith;
38.2;?;Broad to Smith, no run back of a length outside off, 85mph, well across the crease and defends to mid-on;
38.1;?;Broad to Smith, no run nice start! Full outside off, shapes away and beats the edge although Smith played inside the line;
37.6;?;Stokes to Wade, no run good length at off stump, defended to the covers;
37.5;?;Stokes to Wade, no run full outside off, driven firmly to mid-on;
37.4;1;Stokes to Smith, 1 run fuller, straighter, easily tucked off his pads to deep square leg;
37.3;?;Stokes to Smith, no run well bowled! Banged in short of a length, Smith gets squared up as he moves across the off stump. Hammers into the handle of the bat as the ball climbs;
37.2;1;Stokes to Wade, 1 run over the wicket, short of a length at leg stump, fended round the corner and he's off the mark from his 24th delivery;
37.1;?;Stokes to Wade, no run good length, down the leg side as Wade moves across;
36.6;?;Broad to Smith, no run line and length in the channel, lets it go once again;
36.5;?;Broad to Smith, no run coming back a fraction as Smith pads up;
36.4;?;Broad to Smith, no run back of a length in the corridor, Smith jumps into line and plays imaginary whack-a-mole;
36.3;4;Broad to Smith, FOUR runs pitched up, aiming for the stumps, Smith has long been advertising his candidacy for lbw... only to time his flick perfectly and send the ball fine for four, and Broad's hands to his head!;
36.2;?;Broad to Smith, no run bumper, over the stumps, Smith ducks it;
36.1;?;Broad to Smith, no run tucked off the hip towards square leg;
35.6;?;Stokes to Wade, no run full and straight, into the pads - given! Wade reviews, did it pitch outside leg? Yes, clearly so! Good use of the DRS, seems like Gaffaney's trigger finger was itchy, too. The ball actually seamed across him, as Wade brought the bat down, might have even missed off stump the way it was going;
35.5;?;Stokes to Wade, no run kicking up from back of a length, Wade wears this on the glove as he defends to the leg side;
35.4;?;Stokes to Wade, no run probing line, 88mph/141kph around off stump, shows it a straight bat in defence;
35.3;?;Stokes to Wade, no run dug in short, sways back out of the line;
35.2;?;Stokes to Wade, no run angled across the bows at 89mph/143kph, Wade lets it go;
35.1;1;Stokes to Smith, 1 run short of a length, into Smith's nurdling zone and it's clipped through square leg for one;
34.6;?;Broad to Wade, no run pitched up, gets Wade driving again, punched firmly but again manages to pick out a man in the covers;
34.5;?;Broad to Wade, no run touch short of a length outside off, lets this one zip through;
34.4;?;Broad to Wade, no run angled in on off, plays this with a straight bat;
34.3;?;Broad to Wade, no run full-length tempter, Wade has a slash at this, skews it low towards backward point;
34.2;?;Broad to Wade, no run vanilla line and length in the channel outside off, 83mph/134kph, no stroke required;
34.1;?;Broad to Wade, no run pushed in with the arm, Wade works it to square leg - still looking for his first run;
33.6;?;Stokes to Smith, no run hop, skip and a leave... Smith flashes a grin at Stokes, as if to say "I nearly had to play at that one";
33.5;?;Stokes to Smith, no run wider line and he's comfortable (in a manner of speaking) letting it go;
33.4;?;Stokes to Smith, no run back of a length, defended around off stump;
33.3;?;Stokes to Smith, no run straightening a touch on the stumps, hits the bat maker's label as Smith blocks;
33.2;?;Stokes to Smith, no run fires this is fuller and straighter, Smith brings the bat down from gully and meets it perfectly in the middle for a defensive jab;
33.1;?;Stokes to Smith, no run starts on a nice line, curving away in the channel as Smith gets front on, misses by a couple of inches (whether he was playing at it or not);
32.6;?;Broad to Wade, no run comes across and defends an 85mph/137kph delivery into the off side;
32.5;?;Broad to Wade, no run back of a length, steered down behind backward point and Wade is looking for one to get off the mark... wisely sent back as Denly fields and fires in a throw;
32.4;?;Broad to Wade, no run on the stumps this time, Wade tucks it towards midwicket;
32.3;?;Broad to Wade, no run pitched up further, wide of the stumps and seaming away, no stroke;
32.2;?;Broad to Wade, no run slightly short of a length, holding its line as Wade stays back and plays inside;
32.1;?;Broad to Wade, no run Broad spears one in on the stumps, defended form the crease;
31.6;?;Woakes to Smith, no run on the stumps, wristed towards mid-on;
31.5;?;Woakes to Smith, no run plugging away outside off, no stroke as Smith pogos into line;
31.4;?;Woakes to Smith, no run keeps a touch low, Smith hops across and manages to get the to of the bat down on it;
31.3;?;Woakes to Smith, no run short of a length and Smith swishes at a cut, picks out the diving backward point;
31.2;?;Woakes to Smith, no run shortish outside off, left alone;
31.1;4;Woakes to Smith, FOUR runs short ball, Smith whirls around in a blur of limbs, cracked through backward square leg! That'll run away;
30.6;?;Broad to Wade, no run touch short in the channel outside off, Wade shoulders arms;
30.5;?;Broad to Wade, no run straighter, defended to leg;
30.4;?;Broad to Wade, no run good length, holding its line a foot or so outside off, left alone once again;
30.3;?;Broad to Wade, no run slightly wide of the stumps, no stroke;
30.2;?;Broad to Wade, no run good length outside off, jumps across on the back foot and defends;
30.1;W;Broad to Head, OUT booming in to smash the pads... but Dar shakes his head! England review and this looks bad for Travis Head! Only the inside edge could save him, because this was right back in the traps as the ball homed in on middle... Yep, that's plumber than the Mario brothers! Broad hits the nail on the Head, thankful for the DRS after a wide-eyed, increasingly disbelieving appeal;Travis Head lbw b Broad 7 (37m 21b 1x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;

Matt Wade is next man in
 Innings Start
England
Australia
2nd Test, Lord's, Aug 14 - 18 2019, ICC World Test Championship
258 &
250 &
Player of the match is Ben Stokes, ENG
Match drawn
