Data
Just a quick reminder about the ESPN Player - you can watch this game live on the player, but unfortunately this service is only available in Europe (but not in the UK).
Contrasting comments on Clarke's innings, the first from Karnail Singh: "Great work by MC he is such an unselfish player. He could have made 100 but he choose not to instead he occupied one end, rotated the strike, controlled the game and let his partners hit and put runs on the board. I tip my hat to you," and the second from Mudit: "Michael Clarke just hit one four in the final powerplay & bulk of scoring was done by hopes and hauritz, he is not good for one-day cricket only, how can they make him captain of 20-20 team?"
Bizza solves the Lowen/Dutch/Swann mystery from earlier: "I have played club cricket against both Keith Dutch and Jimmy and have scored runs against them both! As a modest batter I wouldn't consider either of them decent prosepcts for ODI cricket. Matthew Lowen is a promising youngster though, if a little bit biased towards his former coach."
Josh writes in: "I think you're spot on with the comments regarding Broad. Despite, undoubtedly, showing incredible promise, he continues to prove expensive in all formats on the game; his lack of form with the bat compounding his misery. Yes, he delivers the occasional match-winning spell (in the Ashes and versus SA), but, if he isn't careful, good county players such as Chris Woakes could see him pushed aside much like Liam Plunkett..."
So, Australia close on 267 for 7, which is a decent total and just about par on this pitch. Clarke did well to keep going when wickets fell, and played a role in the two biggest partnerships of the innings, for the fifth and sixth wickets with Hussey and Hopes. But he never really changed gear towards the end, and generally struggled to find the boundary. Six bowlers were used by England, and the stand-out performers were surely Yardy and Wright, the two allrounders, who generally kept things tight and picked up wickets at crucial times. Anderson bowled well too, but Bresnan and Broad - despite his two wickets - were somewhat disappointing.
While the players take the mid-innings break, have a look at Brydon's bulletin. And do stay with us for England's chase, which will start at 6.45pm.
49.6;1;Broad to Clarke, 1 run just a single to finish as Clarke goes across to the off side, tries to flick to leg but gets another edge on to the pad which goes towards third man. Clarke is disappointed not to have capitalised once again, swinging his bat in anger.;
49.5;W;Broad to Hauritz, OUT gone this time! Full toss on leg stump, and it's softly tapped straight to Strauss at mid off. He didn't even have to move! Still, Hauritz has done a good job;Nathan Hauritz c Strauss b Broad 22 (20m 17b 3x4 0x6) SR: 129.41;
49.4;4;Broad to Hauritz, FOUR runs another paddle-scoop from Hauritz, and this time he pulls it off excellently! He never took his eyes off the ball as Broad fired one down wide of off, getting a good connection to lift the ball up and over the field;
49.3;1;Broad to Clarke, 1 run backs away to leg and Broad follows him with a full ball. The ball takes the edge, cannons off the boot and loops to the off side. Clarke is disappointed he couldn't make more of that;
49.2;2;Broad to Clarke, 2 runs on a length outside off, punched down to long on where some sluggish fielding allows them to charge back for the second!;
49.1;1;Broad to Hauritz, 1 run full toss on middle, slapped down to long on;
48.6;1lb;Anderson to Hauritz, 1 leg bye comical stuff, Hauritz shuffles right across to off and sets himself for the scoop over the keeper. The ball was well wide of off though, he re-adjusted but knocked himself off his feet as he does so. Recovered in time to complete the single and keep the strike though;
48.5;1;Anderson to Clarke, 1 run pinpoint yorker, Clarke jams his bat down to send the ball into the leg side and they take another one;
48.4;1;Anderson to Hauritz, 1 run full and wide of off, Hauritz tries to drive through the covers but can't quite time it, the cover fielder cutting it off and just one run taken;
48.3;1;Anderson to Clarke, 1 run Clarke backs away but Anderson follows him with a slower cutter, just one run as Clarke slams him down to long on;
48.2;1;Anderson to Hauritz, 1 run another full toss on leg stump, clipped along the ground this time but out to midwicket again;
48.1;1;Anderson to Clarke, 1 run full toss on leg stump, lifted out to deep midwicket but bouncing well short of any fielders;
43.6;1;Bresnan to Clarke, 1 run punched down to long on, and that brings up the fifty partnership between these two, which is good news for Australia - they haven't let the loss of Hussey slow their momentum too much;
43.5;3;Bresnan to Hopes, 3 runs going for the yorker again, but this one has slipped out as a half-volley on leg stump and he's firmly clipped wide of midwicket. Good running fetches them three as Wright sprints round to cut the ball off;
43.4;?;Bresnan to Hopes, no run in the blockhole, Hopes jams the bat down on the ball to send it on to the leg side, but Morgan scoots across from midwicket to cut it off;
43.3;1;Bresnan to Clarke, 1 run Clarke backs away to leg as Bresnan digs one in short. The ball is dropped softly into the covers, and they're across for a sharp single;
43.2;2;Bresnan to Clarke, 2 runs full toss on off stump, Clarke drives him out to the cover sweeper. He could have hit that anywhere, it was a strangely passive shot;
43.1;1;Bresnan to Hopes, 1 run full, fast and straight, Hopes stays leg side of the ball and drives down to long off;
42.6;1;Yardy to Hopes, 1 run stylishly driven down to long off to end Yardy's spell, and well-bowled!;
42.5;?;Yardy to Hopes, no run clipped straight to midwicket in the circle;
42.4;1;Yardy to Clarke, 1 run punched down on the other side of the wicket this time, Yardy dives across but can't cut it off and they take one to long-off;
42.3;1;Yardy to Hopes, 1 run floaty - for Yardy - and he's driven down to long on;
42.2;1;Yardy to Clarke, 1 run chopped out to deep cover off the back foot;
42.1;?;Yardy to Clarke, no run good start, Clarke skips down the track and Yardy spears one at his toes, almost yorking him;
47.6;4;Broad to Hauritz, FOUR runs and again, mirror image to the last shot! A somewhat predictable bouncer from Broad, this time Hauritz didn't back away and just helped the ball very fine on the leg side. Four more valuable runs for Australia;
47.5;4;Broad to Hauritz, FOUR runs well, Hauritz is finally coming to terms with this short-pitched attack. Another bumper, he backs to leg, setting himself, and lifts the ball up and over the keeper and away to third man;
47.4;1;Broad to Clarke, 1 run slow cutter, just short of a length, and it's flat-batted down to long on;
47.3;1;Broad to Hauritz, 1 run back of a length again, Hauritz backs away and drops the ball into the covers, they take a sharp single;
47.2;?;Broad to Hauritz, no run bouncer from Broad, not all that sharp but it's good enough to beat Hauritz's swipe as he backs away to leg and aims to flay over off;
47.1;1;Broad to Clarke, 1 run waist-high full toss, Clarke tries to paddle him to fine leg but straight to the fielder. Touch and go for the high no-ball;
46.6;?;Anderson to Hauritz, no run slower bouncer to Hauritz this time, he seemed to pick it, waiting on the pull shot, but couldn't connect with the ball as it looped past his grille;
46.5;1;Anderson to Clarke, 1 run full, straight and drilled down to long on;
46.4;1;Anderson to Hauritz, 1 run sharp bouncer, and Hauritz wasn't expecting that! Really well-directed, nasty short ball, Hauritz took his eyes off it and is struck on the glove. The ball goes in to space down to third man and they take one;
46.3;1;Anderson to Clarke, 1 run full again, but wide of off, and the ball is jammed out behind square on the off side;
46.2;1;Anderson to Hauritz, 1 run punched to cover, they set off immediately for the single;
46.1;1;Anderson to Clarke, 1 run backs away, Anderson flings down an inch-perfect yorker which he jams the bat down on. The ball goes nowhere, but Hauritz immediately charges through, racing Anderson to the other end and winning;
41.6;4;Bresnan to Hopes, FOUR runs short again, Hopes has his eye in now and he's slapped this very hard in front of square on the leg side! The bowling plan backfired a bit there... taking nothing away from a top shot from Hopes;
41.5;1;Bresnan to Clarke, 1 run too straight this time, and he's clipped down to fine leg;
41.4;1;Bresnan to Hopes, 1 run a touch shorter this time, Hopes aims a meaty pull out to deep midwicket where Morgan fields not quite cleanly, but they decide against what would have been a risky two;
41.3;?;Bresnan to Hopes, no run back of a length again, Hopes can't seem to get it away when it's straight;
41.2;2;Bresnan to Hopes, 2 runs errs in line this time, too much width and he's cut away very hard towards the point boundary. A superb sliding stop from Anderson cuts the ball off though;
41.1;?;Bresnan to Hopes, no run good start - not traditional death bowling, back of a length, but nice and straight and there's nothing Hopes can do with that;
40.6;1;Yardy to Hopes, 1 run Hopes bunts a single down the ground to finish the over;
40.5;1;Yardy to Clarke, 1 run back to milking mode here, edging down the wicket and pushing down the ground for a single;
40.4;2;Yardy to Clarke, 2 runs this time Clarke goes leg side, flicking round the corner for two;
40.3;?;Yardy to Clarke, no run ooh, almost repeated the shot, but it skidded on a fraction and past the edge of Clarke's cut;
40.2;4;Yardy to Clarke, FOUR runs touch of width and Clarke takes full toll, skipping leg side of the ball and cutting well behind point for four;
40.1;1;Yardy to Hopes, 1 run Yardy really darting them in, difficult to get away but Hopes manages to squeeze out a single;
39.6;2;Swann to Clarke, 2 runs good from Clarke, picking a gap and collecting a couple;
39.5;1;Swann to Hopes, 1 run clipped away for a single;
39.4;?;Swann to Hopes, no run defended carefully;
39.3;4;Swann to Hopes, FOUR runs ah, that will do nicely. Really top shot this, Hopes comes down the wicket and chips very carefully, and times it nicely, into a gap at cow corner for a welcome boundary;
39.2;?;Swann to Hopes, no run defended once again, almost some pressure building here;
39.1;?;Swann to Hopes, no run good stuff from Swann, changing his pace nicely, Hopes can't set himself so blocks;
38.6;?;Yardy to Clarke, no run touch of extra bounce, Clarke dabs to short third man;
38.5;?;Yardy to Clarke, no run good ball, quicker, flatter, Clarke defends;
38.4;?;Yardy to Clarke, no run more good stuff from Yardy, Clarke given nothing to work with;
38.3;?;Yardy to Clarke, no run nothing for Clarke here, too quick from Yardy, hurries the shot;
38.2;1;Yardy to Hopes, 1 run Hopes follows the example set by his vice-captain, and dabs a single to midwicket;
38.1;1;Yardy to Clarke, 1 run Clarke continues his merry single taking, chipping down the crease and clipping a single down to long on;
37.6;1;Swann to Clarke, 1 run Clarke brings up a very useful fifty. He was struggling for runs this tour, started slowly but has played the spinners superbly today;
37.5;1;Swann to Hopes, 1 run now he helps himself to a single, pushing down the ground;
37.4;2;Swann to Hopes, 2 runs Hopes gets a touch of width and cuts past a diving point for a couple;
37.3;1;Swann to Clarke, 1 run Clarke is doing this very well, working the ball around with ease;
37.2;1;Swann to Hopes, 1 run Hopes gets into the swing of things now, milking a single down the ground;
37.1;1;Swann to Clarke, 1 run Clarke collects a single straight away, skipping down the wicket and pushing to long on;
36.6;?;Yardy to Hopes, no run neatly blocked to finish a maiden over;
36.5;?;Yardy to Hopes, no run still nothing for Hopes, all defence;
36.4;?;Yardy to Hopes, no run quietly blocked once again;
36.3;?;Yardy to Hopes, no run nothing for the batsman to latch on to, very accurate stuff;
36.2;?;Yardy to Hopes, no run very nicely done again from Yardy, building pressure;
36.1;?;Yardy to Hopes, no run good again, darting it into the batsman, who can do nothing but defend;
35.6;?;Swann to Clarke, no run good end to a good over, Clarke blocking away diligently;
35.5;?;Swann to Clarke, no run Clarke can't get one here, defending carefully off the front foot;
35.4;1;Swann to Hopes, 1 run single this time, full and pushed into the covers for one;
35.3;?;Swann to Hopes, no run bit of spin here, from well outside off, and Hopes can't squeeze any sort of shot out;
35.2;?;Swann to Hopes, no run more good stuff from Swann, Hopes happy to dig in for a while;
35.1;?;Swann to Hopes, no run Swann landing it on a decent line and length and Hopes blocks;
34.6;?;Yardy to Clarke, no run;
34.5;1;Yardy to Hopes, 1 run single here though, repeating the shot, connecting well enough for a single to cover;
34.4;1;Yardy to Clarke, 1 run Clarke trying to give himself room to squeeze out a cut shot, but can't collect one;
34.4;1w;Yardy to Clarke, 1 wide oops, darted well down the leg side from Yardy and he'll have to bowl another;
34.3;1;Yardy to Hopes, 1 run oh dear, mid off back to the new batsman, how very needless, Hopes doesn't mind, he pushes to long on for a easy single;
34.2;?;Yardy to Hopes, no run starts well enough, blocking out a darting yorker;
34.1;W;Yardy to Hussey, OUT the ball change, the drinks, and Michael Yardy have done the trick! Hussey has gone! Really nothing dismissal that, outside off, skidded on a touch with the newer ball perhaps, got a faint outside edge, and Hussey walked;Michael Hussey c ?Kieswetter b Yardy 28 (47m 38b 0x4 0x6) SR: 73.68;
33.6;3;Swann to Hussey, 3 runs ovely bowling this, and if there was a slip this would have been out, looped up outside off, spinning away, Hussey drives, it comes off the edge and Morgan has to run down to the third man boundary, and slides well to keep it to three;
33.5;1;Swann to Clarke, 1 run pushed down the ground once again from Clarke;
33.4;1;Swann to Hussey, 1 run back to single mode, these two are playing very well, clipped off the legs into midwicket region;
33.3;2;Swann to Hussey, 2 runs this time Hussey earns a couple, stroking a square drive out to the point boundary;
33.2;1;Swann to Clarke, 1 run once again Clarke is dancing down the track, so comfortable, and working a single to long on;
33.1;?;Swann to Clarke, no run nicely bowled by Swann, just held back a fraction, Clarke skips forward and defends;
32.6;?;Yardy to Hussey, no run another dot to end the over, fullish, Hussey works it into the leg side but straight to midwicket;
32.5;?;Yardy to Hussey, no run good ball this, full and straight and Hussey happy to defend;
32.4;?;Yardy to Hussey, no run dot ball, rare dot at the moment, touch short, Hussey pulled but straight to midwicket;
32.3;1;Yardy to Clarke, 1 run touch shorter, allows Clarke to stand tall and push down the wicket to long on;
32.2;1;Yardy to Hussey, 1 run touch too leg-sided from Yardy, Hussey eagerly clips off his legs for one square of the wicket;
32.1;1;Yardy to Clarke, 1 run neatly done again by Clarke, walking up the wicket and clipping a single to long on;
31.6;1;Swann to Clarke, 1 run Clarke skips up the wicket, meets it on the half-volley and send it to long on for a single;
31.5;1;Swann to Hussey, 1 run another single, brings up the 50 stand, strokes through cover for one;
31.4;1;Swann to Clarke, 1 run middle-over-milking mode from Clarke, picking a gap to long on and collecting one;
31.3;1;Swann to Hussey, 1 run this time it's neatly turned into the leg side for a single;
31.2;?;Swann to Hussey, no run nicely done from Swann, just went on with the arm from outside off stump, Hussey tried to cut but couldn't get much of it;
31.1;1;Swann to Clarke, 1 run Swann flights one to Clarke, who happily punches it out to long on for a single;
30.6;2;Yardy to Hussey, 2 runs width given this time, and Hussey slashes him down behind square for a couple;
30.5;?;Yardy to Hussey, no run Hussey looks to chop the ball down to third man but he's cramped for room and can't get it away;
30.4;1;Yardy to Clarke, 1 run tapped into the covers, a touch of hesitation in the running! The throw comes in, fairly softly it must be said, and they appeal for the run out but he was easily in.;
30.3;1;Yardy to Hussey, 1 run dragged down short again, Hussey is quickly back into a powerful pull, but straight out to the fielder;
30.2;1;Yardy to Clarke, 1 run just a touch short from Yardy, and Clarke stays deep in the crease, punching down to long on for one to bring up the fifty partnership;
30.1;1;Yardy to Hussey, 1 run driven hard out square on the off side by Hussey, but there's a boundary fielder to cut it off;
29.6;?;Swann to Clarke, no run defends off the front foot with the full face of the bat;
29.5;?;Swann to Clarke, no run Clarke comes down the track as Swann fires one wide, but he gets his bat and pad nicely together and across to keep the ball out;
29.4;1;Swann to Hussey, 1 run tapped gently into the covers between the fielders, and they sprint through for a sharp single;
29.3;?;Swann to Hussey, no run again, floated up nicely and on the right length, Hussey stretches forward to smother the spin;
29.2;?;Swann to Hussey, no run much better length, and Hussey defends off the front foot;
29.1;2;Swann to Hussey, 2 runs just too full from Swann, Hussey drives out through the covers and the sweeper on the boundary has to run to his left to cut it off, allowing them to get back for two;
28.6;?;Wright to Clarke, no run full again, but not quite there for the drive and Clarke defends out into the covers;
28.5;4;Wright to Clarke, FOUR runs confident shot! Very full again and Clarke swings through the line and nails a superb straight drive down the ground. Aesthetically pleasing, to say the least.;
28.4;?;Wright to Clarke, no run much fuller this time, Clarke comes down the track and drives on the walk back to Wright, who picks the ball up and sends the batsman scrambling back to his crease;
28.3;4;Wright to Clarke, FOUR runs and, just as that comment comes through, Wright slips short and is pulled away to the square leg boundary by Clarke. There are two men out there, but he found great placement with a well-controlled pull;
28.2;?;Wright to Clarke, no run driven straight to mid on;
28.1;1;Wright to Hussey, 1 run Hussey is hurried as the ball spits up at him off a length, but rides the bounce well and opens the face to pick up one to third man;
27.6;1;Swann to Hussey, 1 run full, driven off the front foot through the covers and out to the boundary fielder;
27.5;1;Swann to Clarke, 1 run much too short from Swann, but the damage is minimal as Clarke slaps him hard off the back foot but straight out to the cover sweeper;
27.4;1;Swann to Hussey, 1 run punched down to long off;
27.3;?;Swann to Hussey, no run Hussey opens the face as he looks for space square on the off side, no run though as it went straight to the fielder at backward point;
27.2;1;Swann to Clarke, 1 run down the track again, gets to the pitch this time and drives him out to cover;
27.1;?;Swann to Clarke, no run Clarke dances down the track, Swann sees him coming and pulls the length back and he's defended;
26.6;1;Wright to Clarke, 1 run driven on the walk by Clarke, who gets a good connection but can't quite beat a tumbling mid off;
26.5;1;Wright to Hussey, 1 run short, and rearing up into Hussey's ribs. He rode the bounce admirably, however, dropping the ball on the leg side and Clarke immediately calls him through for one;
26.4;1;Wright to Clarke, 1 run short, and pulled off the toe of the bat to deep midwicket;
26.4;5nb;Wright to Clarke, (no ball) FOUR runs classical shot! Wonderfully driven on the up through the covers by Clarke, all along the turf. What's more, Wright has over-stepped and that's a no-ball;
26.3;?;Wright to Clarke, no run short, and wide of off but Clarke follows through with the pull. The ball was far too wide for the shot though, and it goes absolutely nowhere, trickling to mid on;
26.2;?;Wright to Clarke, no run back of a length, on or around off stump, and Clarke goes back and across to defend with a straight bat;
26.1;1;Wright to Hussey, 1 run angling across Hussey from over the wicket, and the ball is easily worked down to third man;
25.6;?;Swann to Clarke, no run punched into the leg side;
25.5;4;Swann to Clarke, FOUR runs four more, off the edge of the bat this time. Clarke went to drive down the ground but the ball went on with the arm, taking a thick edge and running down to third man;
25.4;4;Swann to Clarke, FOUR runs stays deep in the crease this time, Swann slips just a little short and he's carved away behind point for four. Intelligent batting from Clarke there, he had come down two balls in a row and then stayed right back;
25.3;?;Swann to Clarke, no run again he uses his feet, but can't get a good connection;
25.2;?;Swann to Clarke, no run Clarke comes down the track but can't get to the pitch, so instead thrusts his pad and bat out at the ball. Big turn from Swann, and bounce;
25.1;1;Swann to Hussey, 1 run tapped between point and short third man and they set off for a sharp single;
24.6;?;Wright to Clarke, no run driven hard along the ground to mid-off's right, where the fielder makes a good, tumbling stop. No run;
24.5;1;Wright to Hussey, 1 run sliced down to third man for one;
24.4;?;Wright to Hussey, no run Hussey tries to clip to midwicket, but the ball takes the inside edge, bobbles off the pad and lands at his feet. He thinks about the cheeky single, but the England fielders quickly converge;
24.3;1;Wright to Clarke, 1 run on a length, punched just to mid-off's left and the call for a single comes straight away. Good running, no hesitation at all.;
24.2;1;Wright to Hussey, 1 run hmm, a few little fielding errors creeping in here. Hussey drives straight to Anderson in the covers, the ball slips under his hands and they take another single from a misfield;
24.1;1;Wright to Clarke, 1 run nice and straight to start, Clarke punches to mid on, where Pietersen fluffs a simple stop and they take a single as a result;
23.6;?;Anderson to Hussey, no run angling across the left-hander, who taps the ball towards point and looks for the single. No runs on offer though, as the fielder charges in;
23.5;?;Anderson to Hussey, no run Anderson has kept things very tight to Hussey so far, and this ball is no exception. Full and aimed at the stumps, and Mr. Cricket defends;
23.4;1;Anderson to Clarke, 1 run tip-and-run from the batsmen, as Clarke drops the ball close in on the off side and they set off;
23.3;?;Anderson to Clarke, no run Anderson straightens his line, Clarke gets nicely back and across and defends back down the wicket;
23.2;2;Anderson to Clarke, 2 runs slapped square, the point fielder leaps extravagantly to his left to try and cut it off, but they pick up a couple as third man sprints round;
23.1;?;Anderson to Clarke, no run punch-drive. Firmly hit, but straight to mid off.;
22.6;1;Yardy to Clarke, 1 run quicker one speared in to Clarke's pads, and he works the ball out to deep midwicket;
22.5;1;Yardy to Hussey, 1 run easily worked down to long-off;
22.4;2;Yardy to Hussey, 2 runs nice placement from Hussey, as he sends the ball down towards third man. Picks up two, he didn't try to hit it too hard, just getting it past the man there;
22.3;1;Yardy to Clarke, 1 run twinkle-toed use of the feet from Clarke, as he comes down the track and clips through midwicket;
22.2;1;Yardy to Hussey, 1 run Hussey rocks quickly onto the back foot to force down to long on, and he's off the mark;
22.1;1;Yardy to Clarke, 1 run Clarke shuffles across to off and bunts down to long-on for one;
21.6;?;Anderson to Hussey, no run fuller this time, and Hussey dead-bats it back down the wicket with the straightest of bats. Wicket maiden for Anderson!;
21.5;?;Anderson to Hussey, no run good lines, starting on leg stump and just tucking Hussey up a touch as he shapes to clip to midwicket;
21.4;?;Anderson to Hussey, no run tapped defensively into the covers;
21.3;?;Anderson to Hussey, no run is that a touch of reverse swing from Anderson? Surely too early for it, but this ball snaked away from Hussey sharply, and late too! Defended though.;
21.2;W;Anderson to White, OUT gone! Anderson changes ends and picks up a wicket, as White tries to force the ball through the covers off the back foot but gets an inside edge which cannons into his stumps! England continue to chip away at the Australian batting line-up, and a great deal now rests on Clarke and Hussey;Cameron White b Anderson 10 (10m 19b 1x4 0x6) SR: 52.63;
21.1;?;Anderson to White, no run left alone outside off stump to start;
20.6;1;Yardy to White, 1 run single taken into the leg side;
20.5;2;Yardy to White, 2 runs another couple taken, just pushed into space easily enough;
20.4;2;Yardy to White, 2 runs neatly played here, down on one knee and working a carefully sweep down to fine leg for a couple;
20.3;?;Yardy to White, no run White defends carefully again against Yardy;
20.2;1;Yardy to Clarke, 1 run for some reason mid off is deep, allowing Clarke to milk a gentle single;
20.1;?;Yardy to Clarke, no run Clarke hurries into a defensive block to cover;
19.6;?;Wright to White, no run;
19.5;4;Wright to White, FOUR runs and that's why. Too short, plenty of time for White to roll his thunderous arms over the ball and send a pull shot running away for four down to square leg;
19.4;?;Wright to White, no run White content to play himself in, defending diligently on off stump;
19.3;?;Wright to White, no run Wright has such a happy run-up, really bounds in like a puppy, the ball is less adorable though, forcing White into a hurried defensive block;
19.2;?;Wright to White, no run tight stuff from Wright again, on off stump, the batsman happy to defend;
19.1;1;Wright to Clarke, 1 run neatly done from Clarke, just pushing a good-length delivery into a space at cover for one;
18.6;?;Yardy to White, no run maiden over! Good on Yardy, White treating him with utmost respect. For now.;
18.5;?;Yardy to White, no run tidy stuff from Yardy, just restricting White, nothing fancy, on off stump and defended;
18.4;?;Yardy to White, no run this just grips and sticks in the wicket a fraction, draws a slightly false defensive shot from White;
18.3;?;Yardy to White, no run just drifting on to middle stump, later in his innings White might have had a heave at, but here he blocks;
18.2;?;Yardy to White, no run slung in of off stump again, White content to watch carefully and defend;
18.1;?;Yardy to White, no run starts well, looping it on off stump, White, who is enormous, defends;
17.6;?;Wright to Clarke, no run good ball to finish the over, he's bowled very well so far today, good length and good line, defended watchfully;
17.5;?;Wright to Clarke, no run Wright really bounding in, finding decent pace and a decent line, Clarke defends;
17.4;1;Wright to White, 1 run good ball this, aggressive stuff from Wright, banged in and reared up at White, who got in an awful position and it came off the shoulder of the bat;
17.3;?;Wright to White, no run White gets a good yorker first up, and defends it very comfortably;
17.2;W;Wright to Ponting, OUT How about that!? Ponting has gone! Really gifted his wicket away there, it was short and angling down the leg side, Ponting tried to help a routine pull shot on it's way, but got under the ball, sending it in the air towards fine leg, where Broad ran around to his right and slid to take an excellent catch with both hands. Massive breakthrough for England;Ricky Ponting c Broad b Wright 21 (39m 23b 3x4 0x6) SR: 91.3;
17.1;1lb;Wright to Clarke, 1 leg bye Wright lands this down the leg side, thuds off Clarke's thigh for a single;
16.6;2;Broad to Ponting, 2 runs neatly played, just short of a length, Ponting worked it gently in front of midwicket to collect a couple;
16.5;1;Broad to Clarke, 1 run more comfortable here from Clarke, working it round the corner for a single;
16.4;?;Broad to Clarke, no run Clarke is pushing at the ball a fraction, which happens when you're out of nick, it means it comes off an inside edge flying into his unmentionables;
16.3;1;Broad to Ponting, 1 run quicker from Broad and a touch short, Ponting swivelled on a pull shot, placing it carefully down to fine leg for a single;
16.2;1;Broad to Clarke, 1 run touch fuller from Broad, Clarke tucks it to mid on, and scampers a swift single;
16.1;?;Broad to Clarke, no run good stuff from Broad once more, landing it on and around middle stump, just short of a length, Clarke defends;
15.6;4;Wright to Ponting, FOUR runs well, what was going to be a very good over has been undone in an instant. Ponting leant into a crisp drive, playing it on the up, to send it careering through the covers for four;
15.5;?;Wright to Ponting, no run once again it's carefully defended, pushed into the cover region;
15.4;?;Wright to Ponting, no run nicely bowled, Wright holding his nerve and landing it full on off stump, Ponting full-faces into the covers;
15.3;?;Wright to Ponting, no run fuller and straighter from Wright, Ponting pushes it firmly to mid on;
15.2;2;Wright to Ponting, 2 runs little bit of width allows the batsman to open the face and guide this for a couple to third man;
15.1;?;Wright to Ponting, no run Ponting really strides into this forward defence, he's really bristling around the crease, busily patting down patches;
14.6;1;Broad to Ponting, 1 run fuller ball this time, Ponting tickles it for a single and that ends the bowling Powerplay;
14.5;4;Broad to Ponting, FOUR runs lovely shot, really top shot this, made it look so easy. Broad landed a slower ball a fraction wide outside off, Ponting got on his toes and caressed a back-foot drive through cover for four;
14.4;1;Broad to Clarke, 1 run off the mark now, pushed delicately to point where a quick single becomes comfortable thanks to a needless fumble;
14.4;1w;Broad to Clarke, 1 wide well, he's still on zero but only because Clarke couldn't reach it, very short and called a wide;
14.3;?;Broad to Clarke, no run Clarke yet to score but this is a well-played defensive shot, full-faced bat taps it back to the bowler;
14.2;?;Broad to Clarke, no run good stuff from Broad, full and attacking the stumps with a touch of inswing, Clarke carefully pushes it away;
14.1;1;Broad to Ponting, 1 run Ponting looks at ease among all the action, just turning this off his legs for a single to midwicket;
13.6;?;Wright to Clarke, no run Wright completes an excellent over with another ball bang on target, Clarke tried to work it into the leg side but couldn't connect;
13.5;?;Wright to Clarke, no run dug in a fraction shorter, and there was some width outside off, Clarke thought about a cut but opted to leave alone instead;
13.4;?;Wright to Clarke, no run much more solid this time, meeting a full straight bat with a broad straight bat and patting it back to the bowler;
13.3;?;Wright to Clarke, no run oooh, almost added a third duck to his tour, this ghosted past the outside edge as Clarke hung his bat tentatively;
13.2;W;Wright to Paine, OUT gone this time! The mistake doesn't cost England as Luke Wright strikes. It was a touch slower, outside off, Paine aimed a cut shot but it found the inside edge, went on to his boot and on to the stumps;Tim Paine b Wright 26 (55m 43b 3x4 0x6) SR: 60.46;
13.1;?;Wright to Paine, no run carefully defended this time by Paine;
12.6;1;Broad to Paine, 1 run dropped by Anderson, and what a catch it should have been! Paine tried to break the shackles, swiping across the line at Broad, but it was mistimed towards mid on where a diving Anderson got two hands to it but could not hold on;
12.5;?;Broad to Paine, no run much shorter here, and quick too, zipping well past Paine who pulls out the way of the bouncer;
12.4;?;Broad to Paine, no run good tight bowling and Paine is happy to give nothing away, blocking away diligently;
12.3;?;Broad to Paine, no run Broad, who has spent the last month in the gym, is trying to be aggressive here, fielding the ball and aiming a throw at Ponting at the non-strikers end;
12.2;1;Broad to Ponting, 1 run touch of drift into the legs and Ponting helps himself to a single out to deep midwicket;
12.1;?;Broad to Ponting, no run tidy start to the over here, fullish on off stump and Ponting strides out and defends;
11.6;1;Bresnan to Ponting, 1 run Bresnan is probably lucky to get away with this, it was short, angling down the leg side, Ponting accepted the invitation to pull, but couldn't quite connect firmly and collected a scrappy single towards square leg;
11.5;1;Bresnan to Paine, 1 run much more width on this, lures Paine into having a bit of a slash outside off stump, gets the inside edge and squirts away for a single;
11.4;?;Bresnan to Paine, no run Paine looking to work Bresnan with the angle into the leg side, but Bresnan is mixing up his pace nicely, and Paine can't quite connect;
11.3;?;Bresnan to Paine, no run much quieter this delivery, just on off stump and defended back to the bowler;
11.2;2;Bresnan to Paine, 2 runs ooh! Pretty close, Paine tickled a fullish ball round the corner, and called for two, a touch of misunderstanding means Paine has to dive in as he completes the second, the throw from fine leg is a fraction wide so by the time Kieswetter has the bails off, Paine is safe;
11.1;?;Bresnan to Paine, no run long spell from Bresnan here, his sixth over, jumps wide of the crease and angles it in, Paine defends;
10.6;?;Broad to Ponting, no run slightly slower ball, and fuller too, Ponting check-drives back to Broad, who fields in his follow though and throws the ball back past Ponting to the wicketkeeper;
10.5;?;Broad to Ponting, no run this is turning out to be a good over from Broad, on a length and line and Ponting nails a very solid defence;
10.5;1w;Broad to Ponting, 1 wide Broad digs one in short, and it's fairly quick, Ponting tucks under it and rises to see the umpire calling it wide, much to Broad's annoyance;
10.4;1;Broad to Paine, 1 run touch shorter from Broad, allows Paine to swivel and pull carefully out to deep midwicket for a single;
10.3;?;Broad to Paine, no run another good straight ball meets another good straight bat, patted back to the bowler;
10.2;?;Broad to Paine, no run touch of in-drift here from Broad, very early for reverse-swing I'd have thought, met with the fullest of faces, from the fresh-faced Paine;
10.1;?;Broad to Paine, no run Broad starts it well, landing on a length and line on off stump, drawing nothing but careful defence;
9.6;?;Bresnan to Ponting, no run punched out to point, no run;
9.5;?;Bresnan to Ponting, no run fuller, clipped to midwicket;
9.4;4;Bresnan to Ponting, FOUR runs well, they need to get Ponting out early, but they're not going to get him like this. Attempted bouncer, but Ponting is back and across in a flash and pulls him down to fine leg for an easy boundary. The fielder was back on the rope, but is quite square;
9.3;?;Bresnan to Ponting, no run slipping towards leg stump, Ponting shapes to leg glance but is struck on the pad. Going down the leg side, though, so no appeal;
9.2;?;Bresnan to Ponting, no run on a length and straight, Ponting works him straight to midwicket off the back foot;
9.2;1w;Bresnan to Ponting, 1 wide good pace from Bresnan, but mis-directed down the leg side. Ponting tried to hit it, but nothing on it and that's a wide;
9.1;1;Bresnan to Paine, 1 run just a touch of width outside off, and Paine sends the ball down to third man to give his captain the strike;
8.6;?;Broad to Ponting, no run full on off stump, Ponting defends;
8.5;W;Broad to Watson, OUT Watto falls! Oh, he is utterly disconsolate as he walks off. Broad fired down a bumper, Watson was quickly into the pull - but perhaps too quick on the shot. The ball struck the leading edge - or possibly even the back of the bat - and looped ever so gently back towards Broad, who tumbled over in taking a good caught-and-bowled;Shane Watson c & b Broad 32 (33m 26b 6x4 0x6) SR: 123.07;
8.4;4;Broad to Watson, FOUR runs good riposte from Watson, as he thrashes a full ball drifting in to the pads wide of mid on and down to the boundary;
8.3;?;Broad to Watson, no run sharp yorker from Broad, and England appeal for the lbw! Watson was struck on the toe, and then the bat as he jammed it down, but the umpire's not interested. That was mighty close, struck just outside off stump but that was hitting off.;
8.2;?;Broad to Watson, no run better, starting outside off and just tailing in a touch. Watson is nicely behind it to defend;
8.1;4;Broad to Watson, FOUR runs not a great start, Broad dishes up a juicy half-volley on leg stump and Watson flicks down to fine leg. The fielder is slight up in the circle there, so anything hit past him is runs;
7.6;4;Bresnan to Paine, FOUR runs well, after such a solid start Bresnan is beginning to lose it here. He bangs one in short but it's misdirected down the leg side and Paine has no trouble pulling the ball down to fine leg. He rolled his wrists over the ball nicely, keeping it down and finding perfect placement;
7.5;1;Bresnan to Watson, 1 run run down to third man, just the one;
7.4;?;Bresnan to Watson, no run on a length but wide, Watson goes for the slash to third man but the ball flies past the bat - no connection;
7.3;?;Bresnan to Watson, no run Watto's struck again! He was going for that swivel-pull, but again the ball wasn't quite there to be hit and he's struck in the stomach. Doesn't flinch though...;
7.2;4;Bresnan to Watson, FOUR runs aggression from Australia's openers! Bresnan runs his fingers over a slower one that ends up as a half-volley on off stump. Watson picked it early and slammed him up and over mid on. Strong shot!;
7.1;2;Bresnan to Watson, 2 runs well-played, he punched the ball square, just behind point, and picks up a couple as third man runs round;
6.6;?;Anderson to Paine, no run short and wide outside off, Paine goes for a full-blooded cut but can't get anything on it as the ball scoots past the outside edge;
6.5;?;Anderson to Paine, no run punched defensively to the off side;
6.4;4;Anderson to Paine, FOUR runs where has that come from? Paine moved across to off stump and played a flamboyant one-legged flick over midwicket. He nailed it, really confident shot - and so it should be, there's not a lot on offer for the quick bowlers in this wicket;
6.3;?;Anderson to Paine, no run full again, and defended;
6.2;1;Anderson to Watson, 1 run a touch of width given, and the ball is run down to third man without drama;
6.1;?;Anderson to Watson, no run tight lines, on off stump and defended;
5.6;?;Bresnan to Paine, no run tight finish, on a length and zoning in on off stump and Paine defends;
5.5;1;Bresnan to Watson, 1 run jammed down just behind point and they charge through for a tight single;
5.4;?;Bresnan to Watson, no run half an appeal from England as Bresnan gets a fuller one to seam in a little and strike the pad. He appeared to get some bat on it though. Woud've hit the top of middle.;
5.3;?;Bresnan to Watson, no run Watto is struck in the midriff! The ball wasn't that short but he went for an almighty swipe to midwicket. The ball rushed on to him to beat the shot;
5.2;4;Bresnan to Watson, FOUR runs easy, easy runs. Fine leg had just been brought up, Bresnan slipped one down towards leg stump and all he had to do was get bat on it.;
5.1;1;Bresnan to Paine, 1 run short, not quite the bouncer but it got up to chest height. Paine plays the ball one-handed towards square leg and they set off for a quick single;
4.6;?;Anderson to Watson, no run much better ball to finish, seaming in just a touch and full of length. Watson defends and the ball squirts off the inside edge to the leg side;
4.5;4;Anderson to Watson, FOUR runs four more! Width from Anderson this time and Watson slashes up and over the slips and down to third man. Purposefully hit.;
4.4;4;Anderson to Watson, FOUR runs smeared across the line to midwicket! The ball was full, just outside off and he just drilled it through midwicket. Luke Wright was close in at midwicket but he barely had a chance to stop that. Was it a chance? Well, it almost took his head off it was so hard;
4.3;?;Anderson to Watson, no run fuller, Watto again looks for the one to third man but this time the ball goes to Pietersen at second slip. On the bounce.;
4.2;1;Anderson to Paine, 1 run slightly shorter, Paine rises with the ball and sends it down to third man;
4.1;1;Anderson to Watson, 1 run on a length, and jammed down to third man off an open face;
3.6;?;Bresnan to Paine, no run and again! Nice stuff from Bresnan, he's found a good length on this pitch and doesn't give any width either;
3.5;?;Bresnan to Paine, no run and same again, he seems to have found his radar again;
3.4;?;Bresnan to Paine, no run Bresnan reverts to a better line and length, banging in a 'heavy ball' that jags up into the splice;
3.3;4;Bresnan to Paine, FOUR runs first boundary, and it's a good one! Bresnan fired one down full and straight and Paine presented the full face of the bat to drive down the ground. He hit the ball in the air, but firmly and dead straight, so not really any chance for the caught-and-bowled;
3.2;?;Bresnan to Paine, no run fuller, and driven firmly into the covers;
3.1;2;Bresnan to Paine, 2 runs first hint of width from Bresnan, and he's cut away towards point. The ball was hit very hard into the ground and bounced up and over the fielder there;
2.6;?;Anderson to Watson, no run fuller, wider, and left alone;
2.5;1;Anderson to Paine, 1 run on a length outside off, and Paine runs the ball of the face of the bat down to third man;
2.4;2;Anderson to Paine, 2 runs shorter this time, and Paine swivels quickly into a pull. He went aerial but really didn't get a good connection on that, the ball lobs over midwicket though;
2.3;?;Anderson to Paine, no run identical ball to the last, and Paine reacts with a confident leave once again;
2.2;?;Anderson to Paine, no run on a length and slightly wide of off. Not wide enough for a cut, though, and Paine leaves well alone;
2.1;1;Anderson to Watson, 1 run flashing drive from Watson, but it's well cut off by a diving Eoin Morgan at cover - he's saved runs there;
1.6;?;Bresnan to Paine, no run good finish, "nice tidy line and length" says Holding on commentary, and I concur;
1.5;?;Bresnan to Paine, no run a touch straighter, pushed to midwicket but no run;
1.4;?;Bresnan to Paine, no run ah, Paine's lost his trust for this wicket. This was an identical ball to the last, on a length on off, but he didn't trust the bounce and defended awkwardly;
1.3;?;Bresnan to Paine, no run metronomic from Bresnan so far, on a length on off and defended;
1.2;?;Bresnan to Paine, no run spits off a length! Paine is struck on the glove and immediately pulls it off the bat. That must've hurt. Good ball on a length on off stump, just reared up at him;
1.1;?;Bresnan to Paine, no run there's the Bresnan we got to know in Bangladesh this winter, bang on target on off stump straight away and giving the batsman nothing;
0.6;?;Anderson to Watson, no run good ball to finish the over, full and straight. Watson defends, and that's a good, tight first over from Anderson;
0.5;1;Anderson to Paine, 1 run just too straight this time, and Paine works one off his pads down to fine leg;
0.4;?;Anderson to Paine, no run dead on target, zoning in on off stump, and Paine is forward and right behind it to defend. Good pace again from Anderson;
0.3;?;Anderson to Paine, no run seems a good pitch this, good carry through to the keeper. Nice wheels from Anderson too, as Paine raises his bat up and watches one go by outside off;
0.2;1;Anderson to Watson, 1 run this one goes the other way, squirting off the outer half of the bat down to third man, and Watto's away;
0.1;?;Anderson to Watson, no run what a leave! That didn't pitch too far outside off and swung in, Watson raised his bat out of the way to leave but that really didn't miss the off stump by much;

Hello, and a very warm welcome to Cricinfo's coverage of the first one-day international between England and Australia. Liam Brickhill and Sahil Dutta will be your commentators today, and Brydon Coverdale will be on bulletin duties.
Toss: Ricky Ponting called correctly at the toss and Australia are going to have a bat on a wicket that "looks pretty good". Andrew Strauss is not overy disappointed about losing the toss, as he thinks the wicket will be just as good to chase runs on as it will be to set them. It is, he says, a case of restricting Australia first up.
Team news The biggest news is that Josh Hazelwood, the right-arm seamer, will make his debut today - and, at 19 years and 165 days, he is Australia's youngest ever debutant in limited-overs internationals. England made only one change from the side that easily accounted for Scotland, with Tim Bresnan included at the expense of Ajmal Shahzad.
With a full summer of cricket coming up, it might be worth your while to have a look at a few of Cricinfo's stunning array of apps. For those that tweet, there's a useful Twitter wicket alert service. We also have a shiny new Google Chrome extension. Or, you could cover all your bases with Cricinfo's fancy-pants Toolbar. We also really like it when you comment on our Facebook page, so please do have a look at that and get some banter going around today's game - which is sure to be an absolute cracker.
"This is probably the biggest surprise the selectors has sprung for over 24 months," writes Sheldon from Australia. "But best luck to Hazelwood, he is a fine tall fast bowler." Tall he is - 196 centimetres!
Under gloriously sunny skies, Watto and Paine are striding confidently out to the middle, and England are in a huddle as they walk by. Here we go! Anderson to start proceedings.
 Innings Start
England win by four wickets. Morgan leads the players off, England's good run continues and they have shown Australia they are a mighty different team to the side that got mauled 6-1 last year. At 97 for 4 England looked to be tottering a fraction but Morgan was completely calm, taking his time early on before picking up 14 boundaries on his way to a remarkable century from 85 balls.
Mark Kidger is excited with it all: "How many consecutive ODIs have England won now? Is it 6? When was the last time that we won so many on the bounce? It must be a while ago!" While Ace, sums things up quite nicely: "Every team's finishing batsmen should watch all of Morgan's innings. That's how you finish it off for your team, splendid batsman!"
Brydon will have his bulletin ready shortly so do check that out, and for anyone who could be interested in that other sporting tournament, do check out our sister site ESPNSoccernet.
Eoin Morgan, unsurprising, is named man of the match. That's all from us, good game today and it promises a good series, so I hope you'll join us for the second game at Cardiff on June 24.
45.6;4;Harris to Morgan, FOUR runs there it is! Eoin Morgan wins the game and makes his hundred! What an innings! Full ball crashed down the ground for four, Morgan screams as he brings up the landmark and punches the air;
45.5;1;Harris to Yardy, 1 run gentle start for Yardy, full toss on leg stump, clipped down to fine leg for a single to bring Morgan back on strike;
45.4;W;Harris to Bresnan, OUT good delivery brings an end to an excellent innings from Bresnan, full, swinging in, quick and crashed into the stumps, but Bresnan has really done his job there;Tim Bresnan b Harris 27 (39m 29b 3x4 0x6) SR: 93.1;
45.3;1;Harris to Morgan, 1 run oh! Almost had it there, he cut it firmly but straight to third man, Morgan moves to 99;
45.2;4;Harris to Morgan, FOUR runs well, Morgan trying to reach his hundred in style, clears his front foot out the way and smites it through midwicket for four;
45.1;1;Harris to Bresnan, 1 run good piece of fielding from Harris, and probably saved Morgan's chance of a hundred, it was punched back down the ground and Harris stuck a hand out to keep it to one;
44.6;1;Hopes to Bresnan, 1 run oops, Bresnan misreads the script and steals a single and the strike;
44.5;?;Hopes to Bresnan, no run Bresnan doing the right thing as far as Morgan is concerned, blocking into the off side;
44.4;1;Hopes to Morgan, 1 run this time it's blocked into the covers and Morgan rushes through for a single, he's just one hit away now;
44.3;2;Hopes to Morgan, 2 runs better shot this time, worked round to square leg and he takes a couple;
44.2;?;Hopes to Morgan, no run perhaps Morgan is going to try and hit his way to a hundred, here he saunters down the wicket and swishes at thin air;
44.1;1;Hopes to Bresnan, 1 run good from Hopes, drifting it into Bresnan, who drops it into the off side and scampers through for a single to bring Morgan back on strike;
43.6;?;Hauritz to Morgan, no run Morgan on the reverse-sweep, will he make his hundred? He times the shot excellently but picks out the fielder at point;
43.5;1;Hauritz to Bresnan, 1 run follows up the two boundaries with a little nudge into the leg side for a single;
43.4;4;Hauritz to Bresnan, FOUR runs tossed up and a big heave from Bresnan, fetched it from well outside off but timed it excellently, gets four to midwicket;
43.3;?;Hauritz to Bresnan, no run nicely bowled again and Bresnan defends;
43.2;?;Hauritz to Bresnan, no run Bresnan this time is defending watchfully into the off side;
43.1;4;Hauritz to Bresnan, FOUR runs floated well up outside off, Hauritz really searching for a wicket, but Bresnan thumps it cleanly past extra cover for four more;
42.6;?;Hopes to Morgan, no run sees out the over with a careful defence;
42.5;4;Hopes to Morgan, FOUR runs Morgan on fire here, really top innings this, hint of width and Morgan cut superbly, just behind point and it raced away for another boundary;
42.4;1;Hopes to Bresnan, 1 run another easy single here, Bresnan didn't really time this well and it lolled to mid off for a quick single;
42.3;?;Hopes to Bresnan, no run Bresnan has done well here, not trying anything too fancy, and blocks this out watchfully;
42.2;1;Hopes to Morgan, 1 run follows it up with a solid block into the covers to collect a single;
42.1;4;Hopes to Morgan, FOUR runs and doesn't start well at all, slipped down the leg side, Morgan tickles it round the corner and it runs away for four;
41.6;1;Hauritz to Morgan, 1 run Morgan keeps the strike, maybe not how he intended, it ran off an inside edge behind square of the leg side for one;
41.5;1;Hauritz to Bresnan, 1 run bosh, good thumping drive to a floated delivery outside off finds a diving cover fielder which keeps it to one;
41.4;1;Hauritz to Morgan, 1 run follows it up with a nudge into the leg side to collect a single;
41.3;4;Hauritz to Morgan, FOUR runs excellent stuff here from Morgan, picked a gap in front of square on the off side and timed his cut shot superbly for a boundary;
41.2;1;Hauritz to Bresnan, 1 run that will do nicely for Bresnan, tickling it into the leg side to get Morgan back on strike;
41.1;?;Hauritz to Bresnan, no run good from Hauritz, full, spinning a touch and Bresnan defends;
40.6;4;Bollinger to Morgan, FOUR runs yep, Morgan put that last ball right out of his mind as he drives on the up through cover and times the ball superbly to grab another boundary;
40.5;?;Bollinger to Morgan, no run beaten! This one leaps up off a length and flies past the edge of Morgan's bat! Bollinger is nonplussed, but Morgan doesn't give off any sign of being flustered. Great ball though;
40.4;1;Bollinger to Bresnan, 1 run a touch of width given, and Bresnan sends the ball down to third man;
40.3;1lb;Bollinger to Morgan, 1 leg bye half an appeal as ball strikes pad, but that was going well down and they take a leg bye;
40.2;?;Bollinger to Morgan, no run cross-seamed from Bollinger this time, and it just grips a touch and moves away to beat the outside edge of Morgan's defensive prod;
40.1;?;Bollinger to Morgan, no run for the third time Bollinger has gone right through a batsman! This one nipped in a touch to beat the inside edge of Morgan's pull and flew right over off stump;
39.6;1;Hauritz to Morgan, 1 run pushed down to long off;
39.5;?;Hauritz to Morgan, no run there's the one that goes straight on! But it's pitched outside leg, so Hauritz's appeal for lbw is quickly put down;
39.4;?;Hauritz to Morgan, no run turn again, this one landed outside leg and lured Morgan into a sweep, but then turned across him to beat the bat and strike the pad;
39.3;?;Hauritz to Morgan, no run well bowled! Hauritz flights one on middle and leg, the ball grips and turns and takes the edge, but down towards short third man;
39.2;1;Hauritz to Bresnan, 1 run this one turns in from off and keeps a little low, but Bresnan doesn't have too much trouble in sending it down to third man;
39.1;1;Hauritz to Morgan, 1 run sweep from Morgan, who connects well to send the ball down to fine leg, but there's a fielder down there;
38.6;?;Bollinger to Bresnan, no run inside edge! But goes straight down onto his boot and rolls into the off side. No run taken;
38.5;?;Bollinger to Bresnan, no run dot ball again as Bollinger spears in a yorker on off stump;
38.4;?;Bollinger to Bresnan, no run sharp delivery, back of a length on off stump and quick. Bresnan can't get it away, and Bollinger ambles down to give him a gentle word of encouragement...;
38.3;1;Bollinger to Morgan, 1 run tight! Morgan dropped the ball close in on the off side and they set off straight away, the fielder runs in and fires in a direct hit. Third umpire is called for... Not out! That was mighty close though;
38.2;2;Bollinger to Morgan, 2 runs short, Morgan is hurried into a pull shot and the ball flies in the air at a very catchable speed and height, but straight of the man at midwicket and down to long on;
38.1;?;Bollinger to Morgan, no run pushed defensively to off;
37.6;?;Hauritz to Bresnan, no run tidy finish, tossed up outside off and Bresnan defends;
37.5;?;Hauritz to Bresnan, no run aggressive line from Hauritz, wide of off, and flighted too. Bresnan drives to mid off;
37.4;1;Hauritz to Morgan, 1 run he stays deep in the crease this time and nurdles a single infront of square on the leg side;
37.3;?;Hauritz to Morgan, no run turn for Hauritz! Morgan went for an expansive sweep to leg, but the ball dipped and turned on him, beating the bat and striking him on the body;
37.2;?;Hauritz to Morgan, no run pushed defensively to cover, but too close to the fielder for a single;
37.1;1;Hauritz to Bresnan, 1 run nice shot from Bresnan, just opening the face and running the ball down fine of short third man. The two may have been on, but they decided not to take the risk;
36.6;1;Bollinger to Bresnan, 1 run tip-and-run from Bresnan, who pushes a length ball on off stump to the off side and sets off immediately;
36.5;1;Bollinger to Morgan, 1 run squirts off the outer half towards backward point, where a slight misfield from Ponting lets them through for one;
36.4;?;Bollinger to Morgan, no run straight again, Morgan tries to work the ball to leg but finds midwicket;
36.3;?;Bollinger to Morgan, no run good comeback, jagging one in to Morgan, who pushes cautiously to mid on;
36.2;4;Bollinger to Morgan, FOUR runs uppercut! Bollinger sent down a bouncer, wide of off. Morgan started to sway out of the way but then saw the width, throwing his bat out to lift the ball up and over the slip region to third man. It's those wrists again!;
36.1;?;Bollinger to Morgan, no run good start, aimed at the stumps and Morgan drives to mid on;
35.6;4;Watson to Bresnan, FOUR runs four more! Watson strays in line down the leg side and is neatly flicked to the fine leg boundary by Bresnan;
35.5;1;Watson to Morgan, 1 run and then picks up the single into the covers, great batting;
35.4;4;Watson to Morgan, FOUR runs smashed! Morgan lifts one over a straight-ish long off, the ball bouncing just short of the boundary. Morgan isn't slowing down, despite the wicket;
35.3;3;Watson to Bresnan, 3 runs overthrows! Bresnan dropped the ball towards cover and they set off, Clarke swooped and fired a shy at the non-striker's end, the ball hit the stumps with Bresnan safely home and ricocheted towards the boundary, where Hauritz cut it off. All very amusing to the crowd;
35.2;?;Watson to Bresnan, no run driven again, harder this time, but Watto flings himself down and to his left to pull off an impressive stop and negate the single;
35.1;?;Watson to Bresnan, no run full and landing on off stump, Bresnan drives to mid on;
34.6;1;Harris to Bresnan, 1 run he's off the mark straight away, working the ball of his hip out to deep midwicket. They think about a second, but the fielder charges in very quickly;
34.5;W;Harris to Wright, OUT gone! Will there be a twist here? Wright shuffled right across his stumps in trying to work the ball to leg and Harris speared one in full, fast and straight. The Australians went up as one as soon as the ball struck the pad, and the umpire agrees;Luke Wright lbw b Harris 36 (58m 48b 1x4 1x6) SR: 75;
34.4;1;Harris to Morgan, 1 run wristy drive into the covers;
34.3;1;Harris to Wright, 1 run short, Wright is in some discomfort as the ball hurries on to him but he manages to get something on it to pick up a single behind square on the leg side;
34.2;1;Harris to Morgan, 1 run very full, sliced behind square on the off side;
34.1;4;Harris to Morgan, FOUR runs doesn't make a difference, as Morgan flays an off drive to the boundary! He didn't look to have hit it that hard, but the timing was spot on and that's raced away!;
33.6;?;Watson to Wright, no run full again, outside off and Wright drives to cover;
33.5;?;Watson to Wright, no run very full, almost a yorker and Wright pushes it back to the bowler;
33.4;1;Watson to Morgan, 1 run drop and run into the off side, and that's Morgan's fifty, and a well-paced innings it is;
33.3;4;Watson to Morgan, FOUR runs another boundary! Slightly slower cutter from Watson, and Morgan just eased into a cover drive, beating the field and getting enough timing to evade the cover sweeper as well. Superb shot, and Morgan is hurrying England's win here;
33.2;2;Watson to Morgan, 2 runs flashed square on the off side;
33.1;4;Watson to Morgan, FOUR runs short and Morgan hammers a swivel-pull up and over midwicket! Authoritative stroke, and he was fully in control, pushing his wrists - which seem to be made of high-tensile steel - right through the ball and sending a thunderous pull in front of square;
32.6;2;Harris to Wright, 2 runs full and swinging in to the pads a little, Wright shuffles across and clips firmly out to deep midwicket;
32.5;?;Harris to Wright, no run a touch short, Wright rides the bounce well but sends the ball straight to the backward point fielder;
32.4;1;Harris to Morgan, 1 run very full on off stump and the ball shoots off the outside edge of the bat to short third man. He was lucky to get something on that, it would have uprooted off stump;
32.3;?;Harris to Morgan, no run again cramping Morgan for room as he pushes his weight back and taps the ball back down the wicket;
32.2;?;Harris to Morgan, no run flung down on off stump, Morgan comes forward to drive into the covers;
32.1;1;Harris to Wright, 1 run nudged to fine leg, quick single;
31.6;1;Watson to Wright, 1 run full and straight, Wright pushes the ball into the leg side and they sneak a single;
31.5;?;Watson to Wright, no run looks to run it to third man, but finds backward point;
31.4;?;Watson to Wright, no run shorter this time, and pulled but straight to midwicket;
31.3;6;Watson to Wright, SIX runs monstrous! Wright shuffled down the track and lifted Watto way, way over long on. It wasn't a slog, he just lifted the ball and went right through with the shot. England are cruising now!;
31.2;1;Watson to Morgan, 1 run ooh, dangerous shot from Morgan! He was given absolutely no room outside off but tried to run it down to third man. Luckily, the ball jammed down off the inside edge, otherwise that would have hit the timber;
31.1;?;Watson to Morgan, no run on the mark straight away, on off stump and Morgan defends back down the wicket;
30.6;1;Harris to Morgan, 1 run squirts off the inside edge behind square on the leg side, they scamper through for one and consider a second, but wisely decide against it;
30.5;1;Harris to Wright, 1 run half-volley wide of off and Wright has absolutely murdered this ... but out to the cover sweeper;
30.4;?;Harris to Wright, no run fuller this time, on off stump and Wright stands at the crease to defend;
30.3;2;Harris to Wright, 2 runs back of a length again, wide of off this time and Wright runs it down just wide of third man, who runs round;
30.3;1w;Harris to Wright, 1 wide sharp bouncer from Harris - ah, a little too sharp, as that's bounced way up and over Wright and he's called for a wide;
30.2;?;Harris to Wright, no run driven straight to point;
30.1;2;Harris to Wright, 2 runs short first up, Wright rocks back to pull in the air but past a diving midwicket fielder;
29.6;4;Hauritz to Morgan, FOUR runs got this, really Morgan nailed this shot. Big wristy reverse-sweep, played perfectly, and races to the boundary;
29.5;?;Hauritz to Morgan, no run Morgan leans forward and blocks, calm as you like;
29.4;1;Hauritz to Wright, 1 run this time Wright is on the paddle-sweep and playing it well, collecting a single to deep square;
29.3;?;Hauritz to Wright, no run well outside off, spinning back a fraction and Wright leaves it alone;
29.2;1;Hauritz to Morgan, 1 run this time it's a better length and line and dropped into the offside for a single;
29.1;4;Hauritz to Morgan, FOUR runs too short from Hauritz, and Morgan made him pay. It wasn't all that short but Morgan was back in a flash, pulling in front of square to the deep midwicket boundary;
28.6;1;Hazlewood to Morgan, 1 run good running here, dropped into the off side and the batsman set off straight away for a quick single;
28.5;?;Hazlewood to Morgan, no run good response from Hazlewood, just outside off and Morgan defends;
28.4;4;Hazlewood to Morgan, FOUR runs lovely shot this, really top shot, made it look so simple, Morgan just chipped a leg-stump ball, through to the wide long on boundary, really timed it well;
28.3;1;Hazlewood to Wright, 1 run floated up a bit from Hazlewood and well outside off, Wright really nailed an off-side bash, but straight to deep point;
28.2;?;Hazlewood to Wright, no run good ball here, just outside off stump and left alone from Wright;
28.1;1lb;Hazlewood to Morgan, 1 leg bye slightly leg-sided here, Morgan can't time his clip away well and it thuds off via the pads for one;
27.6;1;Hauritz to Morgan, 1 run and the final ball, after all that fuss, is cut towards deep cover for one;
27.5;1;Hauritz to Wright, 1 run big sweep attempted, luckily for Wright he didn't time it and it went one-bounce to square leg;
27.4;?;Hauritz to Wright, no run big turn here, surprises Wright as he tried to leave it;
27.3;1;Hauritz to Morgan, 1 run ooh, sharp single this, Morgan dinked it round the corner and Wright called him through for a single, the throw almost beat Morgan at the non-strikers end;
27.2;1;Hauritz to Wright, 1 run nicely done from Wright, good cricket that, just gently pushed a off-stump ball to point for a swift single;
27.1;1lb;Hauritz to Morgan, 1 leg bye repeat delivery, but this time Morgan got a pad slightly in the way of it, annoyingly for him because it would have been another wide;
27.1;1w;Hauritz to Morgan, 1 wide oops, arrowed down the leg side, possibly trying to second guess Morgan;
26.6;?;Hazlewood to Wright, no run better ball this, closer to the stumps, Wright stands tall and defends;
26.5;4;Hazlewood to Wright, FOUR runs well, they gave Wright enough practice, this time the short wide ball - a plan by the looks of things - has been crashed for four through point;
26.4;?;Hazlewood to Wright, no run this is interesting, Australia have set the field for wide bowling outside off, serving Wright's favoured slash, and again he can't time it;
26.4;1w;Hazlewood to Wright, 1 wide Hazlewood trying to repeat the line, but goes a little too far outside off and Wright leaves it alone;
26.3;?;Hazlewood to Wright, no run well, Wright keeps missing these, it's short and wide, really inviting the sort of slash Wright played, but he just seems to keep missing them;
26.2;1;Hazlewood to Morgan, 1 run short, and Morgan couldn't quite time the pull shot, instead sending it gently down to deep midwicket for a single;
26.1;1;Hazlewood to Wright, 1 run finds some extra bounce, and Wright squeezes out a cut shot down to third man for a single;
25.6;?;Hopes to Morgan, no run this time it's carefully defended to finish the over;
25.5;4;Hopes to Morgan, FOUR runs bang! It was almost a chance, nut really it was past Hopes in a flash. Morgan bashed it down the ground for a boundary;
25.4;1;Hopes to Wright, 1 run good from Wright, opening the face and guiding a single to deep point;
25.3;1;Hopes to Morgan, 1 run Hopes lucky to get away with this, it was shoved down the leg side, but Morgan couldn't connect with his sweep shot very cleanly;
25.2;?;Hopes to Morgan, no run better line this time, no room, and Morgan has to defend;
25.1;4;Hopes to Morgan, FOUR runs boundary, and England really needed that, touch of width from Hopes and Morgan nailed a cut shot to deep point for four;
24.6;1;Hauritz to Morgan, 1 run good bowling and not badly played either, Morgan skips down the wicket and jabs to mid on for a single;
24.5;?;Hauritz to Morgan, no run Ponting has taken the midwicket out, inviting Morgan to play against the spin, as it is he misses an attempted nudge;
24.4;?;Hauritz to Morgan, no run nicely bowled, really well bowled, held back, inviting a drive, Morgan defends;
24.3;2;Hauritz to Morgan, 2 runs Morgan is down on one knee straight away to Hauritz, dinking a sweep away for a couple;
24.2;1;Hauritz to Wright, 1 run this time Wright sweeps, and plays it nicely, guiding it down to deep square for one;
24.1;?;Hauritz to Wright, no run more good stuff from Hauritz, looping it well outside off, Wright drives but straight to cover;
23.6;1;Hopes to Wright, 1 run better shot, held his shape nicely, leaning into a cover drive for a single;
23.5;?;Hopes to Wright, no run another big heave from Wright, not connecting very often at the moment;
23.4;1;Hopes to Morgan, 1 run this time Morgan skipped down the wicket, aimed a cover drive which came off the outer-half of the edge down to third man;
23.3;?;Hopes to Morgan, no run swish and a miss from Morgan now, it was outside off, and Morgan slashed but could not connect;
23.2;1;Hopes to Wright, 1 run much wider this time from Hopes, Wright happily cuts for a single out to deep point;
23.1;?;Hopes to Wright, no run this is a nicer shot from Wright, full face of the bat and driven to mid off;
22.6;1;Hauritz to Wright, 1 run neat sweep shot this, delicately helped round the corner for a single;
22.5;2;Hauritz to Wright, 2 runs ooh, very close this time, edge found as Wright aims a booming drive, but it goes down and through the slips for a couple;
22.4;?;Hauritz to Wright, no run beaten! Really top stuff, slow and looped outside off stump, Wright swishes and misses;
22.3;?;Hauritz to Wright, no run defended again, good bowling this from Hauritz;
22.2;?;Hauritz to Wright, no run ooh, this drifts a long way, and drags Wright across his stumps;
22.1;?;Hauritz to Wright, no run starts well outside off, looking for some spin back, Wright cuts but can't time it;
21.6;1;Hopes to Wright, 1 run this time it's nudged into the leg side to pick up a comfortable single;
21.5;?;Hopes to Wright, no run left alone outside off;
21.4;?;Hopes to Wright, no run Wright hasn't had a chance to build an innings for England in a long time, so he should give himself time here, and plays this defensively;
21.3;2lb;Hopes to Wright, 2 leg byes bit of a gentle ball this, shoved down the leg side, clips the pads and runs away fine for a couple;
21.2;1;Hopes to Morgan, 1 run plenty of width here for Morgan, cuts carefully but a diving stop at backward point keeps it to a single;
21.1;?;Hopes to Morgan, no run decent start from Hopes, lolling it up on off stump, Morgan can't time it and it trickles to mid on;
20.6;?;Bollinger to Wright, no run slightly wider this time, and Wright is quite happy to leave well alone;
20.5;?;Bollinger to Wright, no run again, Bollinger has cut through the right-hander's defences! Pitching middle and leg, and nipping between bat and pad and just over the stumps;
20.4;1;Bollinger to Morgan, 1 run driven between mid off and cover, placed just between them so the single was always on, even though he didn't hit it particularly well;
20.3;?;Bollinger to Morgan, no run back of a length, outside off, and Morgan raises his bat out of the way to leave;
20.2;?;Bollinger to Morgan, no run scythed straight to point;
20.1;3;Bollinger to Wright, 3 runs that's just the sort of start he would've been hoping for - just a gentle full toss outside off stump and he crunches it out to cover. Quick running fetches him three;
19.6;W;Watson to PD Collingwood, OUT gone! Another wicket falls, and Watto is mobbed by his ebullient team-mates! Collingwood had charged down the track and tried to lift the ball over mid-off, but couldn't quite get to it and the ball lobbed off the toe of the bat straight to Hopes at mid off. It was another cross-seam delivery from Watson - perhaps it just held up a touch;Paul Collingwood c Hopes b Watson 11 (32m 23b 1x4 0x6) SR: 47.82;
19.5;1;Watson to Morgan, 1 run slipping on to the pads, and he's worked away to fine leg;
19.4;?;Watson to Morgan, no run Watto holds this one cross-seam, and it just seams away a touch after pitching. Pushed softly to cover;
19.3;?;Watson to Morgan, no run well, no great pace or danger from the ball, but Morgan just pulls his bat out of the way and watches it go past him. He's taking his time to play himself in, which is the right thing to do in the situation - what England need is a partnership;
19.2;1;Watson to PD Collingwood, 1 run driven square, just in front of point, and the cover sweeper runs round and fires in the return throw to Paine;
19.1;1;Watson to Morgan, 1 run full and angled very wide across Morgan from over the wicket. The batsman slashes hard at the ball, but one run to third man is the result;
18.6;?;Bollinger to PD Collingwood, no run what a finish! That ball has cut him clean in half! Collingwood shuffled slightly to off but Bollinger held his line on off stump and the ball shot between bat and body and over the stumps;
18.5;?;Bollinger to PD Collingwood, no run dropped defensively towards cover;
18.4;?;Bollinger to PD Collingwood, no run Bollinger charges in and sends down a well-directed bouncer! That was pretty sharp, but Collingwood buckled his knees to get underneath it in good time;
18.3;1;Bollinger to Morgan, 1 run pacy, back of a length outside off, and Morgan gets on top of the ball to run it down to third man;
18.2;1;Bollinger to PD Collingwood, 1 run similar ball, this time he tries to go through the off side but the ball comes off the inside edge onto the pad. Morgan calls him through for a sharp single;
18.1;?;Bollinger to PD Collingwood, no run back of a length, angling across Collingwood who pushes it to leg;
17.6;1;Watson to PD Collingwood, 1 run driven into the covers off the front foot. Well-hit, but he can't quite pierce the gap;
17.5;4;Watson to PD Collingwood, FOUR runs Watto tries something different, banging one in halfway down, and Collingwood just pushes his weight back and pulls down to fine leg, where the fielder slides but can't cut it off;
17.4;2;Watson to PD Collingwood, 2 runs pushed out to deep cover off the back foot;
17.3;1lb;Watson to Morgan, 1 leg bye aimed at the leg stump from over the wicket, Morgan can't get any bat on it but the ball runs off the pad to fine leg and they pick up a leg bye;
17.2;1;Watson to PD Collingwood, 1 run pushed out through the covers this time, finding the gap to pick up a single;
17.1;?;Watson to PD Collingwood, no run on a length, an inch or two outside off, and Collingwood punches into the covers;
16.6;1;Hazlewood to PD Collingwood, 1 run slips one in to his pads, and he's off the mark now in fitting style, nurdling one out to midwicket;
16.5;?;Hazlewood to PD Collingwood, no run Collingwood still not off the mark, pushing the ball into the covers once again;
16.4;?;Hazlewood to PD Collingwood, no run back of a length outside off, pushed into the covers;
16.3;?;Hazlewood to PD Collingwood, no run fuller, and quite wide. Collingwood drives, somewhat leaden-footed, and the ball rolls slowly to mid off;
16.2;1;Hazlewood to Morgan, 1 run Morgan off the mark straight away, running one off the outer half of the bat down to third man;
16.1;W;Hazlewood to Kieswetter, OUT gone! First international wicket for Australia's youngest ever ODI debutant! The ball pitched on a length on off stump, perhaps coming in a touch off the seam, and beat a loose defensive stroke from Kieswetter who played footed to the crease. It may have kept just a touch low, but nipped between bat and pad rather than under. Australia are right back in this!;Craig Kieswetter b Hazlewood 38 (76m 44b 6x4 1x6) SR: 86.36;
15.6;?;Watson to PD Collingwood, no run beaten! It was more the perfect line and length than any movement by the ball, though, as Watto sent one down in the channel on off stump and Collingwood played inside it. Very close to the edge - and not far from off stump - but no harm done;
15.5;?;Watson to PD Collingwood, no run driven on the other side of the wicket this time, but again picks out the fielder;
15.4;?;Watson to PD Collingwood, no run shuffles down the track and aims a bottom-handed swipe to leg, but straight to mid on;
15.3;?;Watson to PD Collingwood, no run fuller this time, just outside off, and some intent shown by Collingwood, who drives hard but straight to cover;
15.2;?;Watson to PD Collingwood, no run attempted nurdle, he can't quite get it away though;
15.1;?;Watson to PD Collingwood, no run a bit of a nothing ball, around off stump but doing nothing in the air or off the pitch. Collingwood taps it gently to cover;
14.6;?;Hazlewood to Kieswetter, no run and he goes fuller, Kieswetter driving to mid off;
14.5;6;Hazlewood to Kieswetter, SIX runs hooked! Bouncer from Hazelwood and Kieswetter swivelled on his back leg, hooking it from in front of his grille and getting enough on the shot to send the ball well over the boundary! Not out the middle, but six runs;
14.4;?;Hazlewood to Kieswetter, no run Hazelwood finds some extra bounce from his height! It was pitched back of a length and spat up at Kieswetter, who lost sight of it but kept his cool and played it down;
14.3;?;Hazlewood to Kieswetter, no run full, Kieswetter launches into a drive but perhaps goes too hard at it, the bottom hand comes through and the ball goes to leg rather than through the covers;
14.2;?;Hazlewood to Kieswetter, no run Kieswetter looks to open the face and run the ball down behind square, but Ponting is round in a flash to cut it off;
14.1;?;Hazlewood to Kieswetter, no run nudged straight to mid on;
13.6;?;Watson to PD Collingwood, no run back of a length, just outside off, and Collingwood punches to extra cover;
13.5;W;Watson to Pietersen, OUT gone! A wicket appears from nowhere, Watto had just dished up a fairly gentle ball quite wide of off, KP drove on the up and sliced it to Ponting at backward point, who tumbled forward and held on to a good catch. Just the wicket that Australia needed, England were rumbling along quite nicely until now.;Kevin Pietersen c Ponting b Watson 29 (46m 36b 4x4 0x6) SR: 80.55;
13.4;1;Watson to Kieswetter, 1 run and he follows that up with a single, worked to leg;
13.3;4;Watson to Kieswetter, FOUR runs chipped over mid on! Well-struck, but only just cleared Bollinger. Watto has hands on head;
13.2;1;Watson to Pietersen, 1 run punched down to long off - who has just been moved back. Watto leapt athletically across in his follow-through to try and cut it off, but couldn't quite get down in time;
13.1;?;Watson to Pietersen, no run wobbling in just a touch through the air, Pietersen clips to midwicket;
12.6;?;Hazlewood to Kieswetter, no run Kieswetter comes down to play the flyswatter, shuffling to leg and looking to go inside-out through the covers, but slams the ball straight to the man at extra cover;
12.5;?;Hazlewood to Kieswetter, no run pushed defensively towards point;
12.4;3;Hazlewood to Pietersen, 3 runs overthrows, and that's woken the crowd up! Hazelwood sent down a slow cutter just outside off, which was tapped into space in the covers. The batsmen set off, the bowler collected the ball and tried to throw down the stumps, but the throw was wide and the crowd cheered as the overthrows were run!;
12.3;2;Hazlewood to Pietersen, 2 runs not all that short, but Pietersen sways back and pulls behind square. Didn't get all of that, and the fielder on the rope scoots round to cut it off;
12.2;?;Hazlewood to Pietersen, no run back of a length outside off, KP stays deep in the crease and forces off the back foot but straight to cover;
12.1;?;Hazlewood to Pietersen, no run KP comes down the track, moving across to off as well in trying to open up the leg side, but he couldn't quite get to the ball and ends up pushing it softly to mid on;
11.6;1;Watson to Pietersen, 1 run misfield now! Punched straight to mid-off, who over-runs the ball and allows the batsmen an easy single;
11.5;4;Watson to Pietersen, FOUR runs imperious! Harmless ball from Watson, and Pietersen just stood at the crease and thumped him through the covers;
11.4;?;Watson to Pietersen, no run chopped down behind square on the offside, Ponting charges round and makes a good diving stop, picking the ball up cleanly to send the batsmen scampering back to their creases;
11.3;1;Watson to Kieswetter, 1 run dropped softly into the covers, they set off immediately for what is ultimately a well-judged single;
11.2;1;Watson to Pietersen, 1 run back of a length on middle, KP stays back and swipes him through midwicket. There's a man out there though;
11.1;?;Watson to Pietersen, no run slammed to mid off, no run;
10.6;?;Hazlewood to Kieswetter, no run much shorter to finish up, Kieswetter aims a pull straight to mid on;
10.5;1;Hazlewood to Pietersen, 1 run Pietersen down the wicket again, this time nudging away for a single;
10.4;4;Hazlewood to Pietersen, FOUR runs close again! Pietersen living dangerously here, big outside edge flies wide of first slip and down to the boundary for four;
10.3;1;Hazlewood to Kieswetter, 1 run shorter this time, Kieswetter looks a touch unsure of the shot as he pulls down to deep square for one;
10.2;1lb;Hazlewood to Pietersen, 1 leg bye Pietersen skips down the wicket, trying to unsettle the youngster, but misses his attempted flick and it comes off his pads. An inexplicable overthrow allows one;
10.1;?;Hazlewood to Pietersen, no run very good from Hazlewood, on a length and line and Pietersen defends;
9.6;?;Harris to Kieswetter, no run very good over that from Harris, full and straight and pushed to mid on to finish the over and the mandatory Powerplay;
9.5;?;Harris to Kieswetter, no run another good ball, carefully defended once more;
9.4;?;Harris to Kieswetter, no run good from Harris, angling into Kieswetter, not giving any space to free his arms;
9.3;1lb;Harris to Pietersen, 1 leg bye touch shorter this time, Pietersen tried to whip it away but it thudded into his hip and trickled away for a single to bring up the 50;
9.2;?;Harris to Pietersen, no run similar ball, similar shot, full, angling in, Pietersen aims a drive but it skews off the inside edge to mid on;
9.1;?;Harris to Pietersen, no run more good, pacey stuff from Harris, fullish and Pietersen prodded it to mid on;
8.6;4;Hazlewood to Kieswetter, FOUR runs ooh, almost a first ODI wicket for Hazlewood, Kieswetter skipped down the wicket and aimed a big drive down the ground, didn't quite time it, but got enough on it to clear mid off;
8.5;?;Hazlewood to Kieswetter, no run ooh, inch-perfect leave, Kieswetter would argue, but it was very close to off stump;
8.4;?;Hazlewood to Kieswetter, no run settling down now, decent pace, not express or anything, on middle and clipped to midwicket;
8.3;?;Hazlewood to Kieswetter, no run that's his best ball yet, fullish, on off stump and met with a careful forward defence;
8.2;1;Hazlewood to Pietersen, 1 run better ball this time, on a length, but the line is wrong and Pietersen tickles it round the corner for a single;
8.1;4;Hazlewood to Pietersen, FOUR runs starts with a nervy full toss outside off stump and Pietersen climbed into an off-drive between cover and mid off for four;
7.6;?;Harris to Kieswetter, no run very correct forward defence to finish the over;
7.5;1;Harris to Pietersen, 1 run good running from Pietersen, happy to play second-fiddle for a while, pushing to mid on and scampering one;
7.4;1;Harris to Kieswetter, 1 run touch straighter this time, means Kieswetter can't flash it away, instead it's guided to third man;
7.3;4;Harris to Kieswetter, FOUR runs give Kieswetter width and you will be punished. Short and wide outside off and Kieswetter threw everything at it, flashing it hard through point for four;
7.2;?;Harris to Kieswetter, no run good ball again, on a length and line and blocked;
7.1;?;Harris to Kieswetter, no run Ryan Harris is full of chat, must be because he's bowling quite nicely, forcing a defence from Kieswetter;
6.6;1;Bollinger to Kieswetter, 1 run single to finish the over, dabbed into the cover region;
6.5;4;Bollinger to Kieswetter, FOUR runs lovely timing, really nicely done. Full and pushed across Kieswetter who leant forward and punched it through cover for four;
6.4;1;Bollinger to Pietersen, 1 run neatly done, Pietersen takes a big stride to a length ball, pushes it to mid off and takes a single;
6.3;1;Bollinger to Kieswetter, 1 run this time Kieswetter plays from the crease and guides it to third man;
6.2;?;Bollinger to Kieswetter, no run Kieswetter looking for his favourite inside-out shot over cover, but he skips so far leg side of the ball that he can't reach it;
6.1;?;Bollinger to Kieswetter, no run good stuff from Bollinger, nothing for Kieswetter to work with, so the batsman defends;
5.6;?;Harris to Pietersen, no run Pietersen just going at the ball a little hard here, full and outside off and driven off the inside edge to mid on;
5.5;?;Harris to Pietersen, no run no fuss here, simple cricket, good ball just outside off stump, left alone;
5.4;?;Harris to Pietersen, no run Pietersen skips down the wicket, looking for a flamingo-clip through midwicket, but misses and it raps him on the pads;
5.3;?;Harris to Pietersen, no run this time it's outside off stump and Pietersen leaves it well alone;
5.2;?;Harris to Pietersen, no run fuller and angling down the leg side, Pietersen clips it firmly to midwicket and Harris has a massive lbw appeal, oddly;
5.1;4;Harris to Pietersen, FOUR runs lovely shot this time from Pietersen. Very simple, just leaning forward into a punched check-drive back past the bowler for four;
4.6;?;Bollinger to Kieswetter, no run another orthodox shot to finish the over, calmly defending a length ball on off stump;
4.5;?;Bollinger to Kieswetter, no run after all that excitement Kieswetter opts for a classic leave outside off stump;
4.4;?;Bollinger to Kieswetter, no run oh dear, horrid shot this. Kieswetter giving himself room again, before swishing hopelessly at it;
4.3;4;Bollinger to Kieswetter, FOUR runs comical stuff this, Kieswetter ran miles outside leg stump, Bollinger pushed it across outside off stump, and somehow the batsman managed to reach for it and squirt it through for four to third man;
4.3;2nb;Bollinger to Pietersen, (no ball) 1 run finally a calm single for Pietersen, pushed to mid off. Bollinger strained over the line, which means the next ball will be Free Hit time;
4.2;?;Bollinger to Pietersen, no run well, another one! Australia really sizzling now! It was down the leg side, massive appeal as Pietersen missed his leg-side nudge, this time there was no doubt in the decision but still there is plenty of noise from both the crowd and the fielders;
4.1;1;Bollinger to Kieswetter, 1 run dug in short first up, Kieswetter leaps to cut it away nicely down to third man;
3.6;?;Harris to Pietersen, no run beaten! Holding that off-stump line, Pietersen pushes a touch aimlessly at it, there was a faint faint sound, but nothing given. Plenty of chat from Australia, plenty;
3.5;?;Harris to Pietersen, no run good again from Harris, full and on off stump, Pietersen defends;
3.4;?;Harris to Pietersen, no run good stuff from Harris, giving nothing away early, and Pietersen is forced into a hurried defence;
3.3;?;Harris to Pietersen, no run ah, the full and straight attack at Pietersen, haven't really seen that since Steyn in South Africa, Pietersen digs out the yorker;
3.2;?;Harris to Pietersen, no run plenty of chat from the Aussie fielders, and why not, Pietersen though, defends very comfortably;
3.1;W;Harris to Strauss, OUT gone! Harris strikes! Strauss's adventure ends. Full and inviting a drive, Strauss swishes hard, but the angle takes it across him and he can only manage a faint edge through to Paine. Big wicket that.;Andrew Strauss c ?Paine b Harris 10 (14m 11b 2x4 0x6) SR: 90.9;
2.6;?;Bollinger to Kieswetter, no run another leave, very diligent from the young man;
2.5;?;Bollinger to Kieswetter, no run well, interesting leave that. Kieswetter staying leg side of the ball, showing all three stumps, and the ball bounces over middle;
2.4;4;Bollinger to Kieswetter, FOUR runs touch of width here, and it does not matter what length you bowl if there's width, Kieswetter stands tall and crisply punches through the covers for four;
2.3;?;Bollinger to Kieswetter, no run looks like an Australian plan not to go full to Kieswetter, everything has been back of a length, and once again it's defended;
2.2;1;Bollinger to Strauss, 1 run nudged neatly into the midwicket region for a gentle single, not much movement off the pitch or in the air here;
2.1;?;Bollinger to Strauss, no run much better start from Bollinger to this over, fuller and straighter and Strauss pats it to mid on;
1.6;?;Harris to Kieswetter, no run good second half to the over that, bang on a line and length and Kieswetter once again, can only defend;
1.5;?;Harris to Kieswetter, no run touch shorter here, but good line again, Kieswetter stands up on his toes and defends;
1.4;?;Harris to Kieswetter, no run good ball here, on a length and line, Kieswetter meets it with a very straight bat and defends;
1.3;1;Harris to Strauss, 1 run swift bowling this, banged in short and wide, Strauss does cut this time, playing it nicely to third man;
1.2;?;Harris to Strauss, no run too short and pushed across Strauss, perhaps the batsman should have cut because the pull shot was mistimed to mid on;
1.1;1;Harris to Kieswetter, 1 run Harris straight into his stride, landing this in at 89mph, defended carefully for a single;
0.6;?;Bollinger to Strauss, no run ooh, play and a miss from Strauss to finish the over. Short and wide, Strauss, for once, misses a cut;
0.5;?;Bollinger to Strauss, no run ooh, first real test for Strauss, full and straight, drifting in a touch and rapping Strauss on the pads, would have uprooted middle but there was a faint inside edge;
0.4;?;Bollinger to Strauss, no run Bollinger bustling in, and gets this one right, just outside off stump, Strauss leaves it alone;
0.3;4;Bollinger to Strauss, FOUR runs and again! Strauss flying, nothing more than a gentle push through midwicket for another boundary, not a particularly great ball that;
0.2;4;Bollinger to Strauss, FOUR runs this is the Strauss brand of 'Power Hitting', clipping a full half-volley on leg stump through midwicket for four. All along the ground;
0.2;1w;Bollinger to Strauss, 1 wide ooop, Bollinger has got this all wrong. Quickish yes, but miles down the leg side;
0.1;?;Bollinger to Strauss, no run starts with an energetic but misdirected ball, down the leg side, which Strauss can't quite tickle away;

Righty, the players are out there, England need 268. Andrew Strauss will open alongside Craig Kieswetter and will Ricky Ponting go with Josh Hazlewood first up? Amusingly enough, despite the blazing sunshine, the floodlights are on. These people know nothing about carbon footprints clearly.
Bollinger will open the bowling, left arm over the wicket, two slips in place.
 Innings Start
Australia
England
1st ODI (D/N), Southampton, Jun 22 2010, Australia tour of England and Ireland
267/7
268/6
Player of the match is Eoin Morgan, ENG
England won by 4 wickets (with 24 balls remaining)
