Data
5.50pm David Warner ran up his sixth ODI century in his last 11 innings to underpin Australia's hefty total. Travis Head, who hit his maiden ODI century, partnered him at the top in a 284-run stand, the highest for any wicket for Australia in this format. When Warner shifted through the gears, 400 seemed likely, but a clatter of wickets in the death overs as restricted Australia to 369.
But look away from the scorecard if you're a bowler. Hasan became the second Pakistan bowler to concede 100 in ODIs, Amir and Junaid were also attacked by Warner. Wahab worked up some serious pace and briefly held his own. Right then, Pakistan need to nail the highest chase on Australian soil if they're to win this. KK will be back with you for the start of the second innings.
Only two Pakistan bowlers have conceded 100 runs in an ODI.
49.6;1;Amir to Faulkner, 1 run very full on middle, whipped or rather toe-ended to short fine leg;
49.5;1;Amir to Cummins, 1 run full-toss on off, scooped in front of cover as the leg-side slog goes wrong;
49.4;W;Amir to Starc, 1 run, OUT very full and outside off, shovelled with the bottom hand to wide long-on. Starc and Faulkner push on for the second. Nice, flat throw from the deep to Rizwan who breaks the stumps and catches Starc short;Mitchell Starc run out (?Mohammad Rizwan/Shoaib Malik) 6 (8m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 120;
49.3;1;Amir to Faulkner, 1 run another yorker, which is jammed out for one;
49.2;2;Amir to Faulkner, 2 runs yorker on leg stump, squeezed square through the leg side for a double;
49.1;1;Amir to Starc, 1 run yorker, swerves in on off, inside-edged onto the pad, as the ball wanders away to the off side;
48.6;2;Hasan Ali to Faulkner, 2 runs slower one outside off, slashes an outside edge down to third man. Good running - two;
48.5;1;Hasan Ali to Starc, 1 run full on the stumps, dug back to the bowler, who has an aim at the non-striker's end with Faulkner backing up. He is in, though;
48.4;2;Hasan Ali to Starc, 2 runs yorker just outside off, angled down to third man;
48.3;1;Hasan Ali to Faulkner, 1 run yorker just outside off, Faulkner jams his bat down on it. Breaks the inside of the bat, and Faulkner needs a new one. Hasan picks the ball up in his follow-through and scoops it onto the stumps, but Faulkner is well in;
48.2;4;Hasan Ali to Faulkner, FOUR runs full and outside off, Faulkner lays into it, smearing a drive wide of sweeper;
48.1;1;Hasan Ali to Starc, 1 run yorker on off, Starc can only squeeze it through cover;
47.6;W;Wahab Riaz to Handscomb, OUT slower short ball on the leg stump, Handscomb does not get enough power behind the pull. He can't manufacture his own pace. Holes out to Hafeez at deep square leg running across to his left. Wahab finishes with a wicket. He has done fairly well today even as his colleagues crashed and burned;Peter Handscomb c Mohammad Hafeez b Wahab Riaz 1 (10m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
47.5;1;Wahab Riaz to Faulkner, 1 run wide yorker outside off, Faulkner can't jam it out. He calls his partner through for a bye. Handscomb makes it even as Rizwan connects with the direct hit at the striker's end;
47.4;4;Wahab Riaz to Faulkner, FOUR runs slower bouncer outside off, Faulkner has a swat at it and top-edges it away to the right of deep square leg. Hafeez moves to his right, is lazy to bend down as he looks to scoop it back into the field of play. Instead, escorts the ball to the boundary;
47.3;?;Wahab Riaz to Faulkner, no run full cutter outside off, Faulkner swings way too early and misses;
47.2;1;Wahab Riaz to Handscomb, 1 run dug short and outside off, dragged to midwicket off the inside half;
47.1;1;Wahab Riaz to Faulkner, 1 run short on middle and leg, cramps Faulkner for room. Dabbed towards point;
46.6;1;Hasan Ali to Faulkner, 1 run low full-toss on off, jabbed into the covers;
46.6;1w;Hasan Ali to Faulkner, 1 wide very full and wide outside off, on the tramline or just inside, wide called. Faulkner can't carve it away;
46.5;?;Hasan Ali to Faulkner, no run Faulkner steps down the track, Hasan pulls his length back outside off and beats him. The new man slashes and does not connect;
46.4;W;Hasan Ali to Head, OUT Juggles and takes it on the third attempt. Azhar has a wry smile. Head walks back for 128, acknowledging the applause at his home ground. Full and angling away outside off, Head eyes a leg-side slog, ends up skying an overhead catch to long-off. Azhar hangs onto it.... just;Travis Head c Azhar Ali b Hasan Ali 128 (219m 137b 9x4 3x6) SR: 93.43;
46.3;6;Hasan Ali to Head, SIX runs Head puts Hasan in the stands beyond midwicket. Length ball outside off, another slower one, drops down to one knee and smites a slog-sweep;
46.2;W;Hasan Ali to Wade, OUT slower ball from Hasan. Full and cuts away from the left-hander. Wade aims to loft it, possibly down the ground. Ends up slicing a catch to sweeper cover;Matthew Wade c Shoaib Malik b Hasan Ali 8 (8m 6b 1x4 0x6) SR: 133.33;
46.1;1;Hasan Ali to Head, 1 run starts off with a yorker just outside off, jabbed into the cover-point region for a single;
45.6;?;Wahab Riaz to Wade, no run yorker on off, 147.2ks, squeezed back to Wahab;
45.5;2;Wahab Riaz to Wade, 2 runs length ball on middle and leg, driven to long-on. Wade calls for two and gets it in the end;
45.4;1;Wahab Riaz to Head, 1 run Head backs away outside leg, takes a full ball from leg stump and hoicks it away to deep midwicket;
45.3;1b;Wahab Riaz to Wade, 1 bye slower short ball just outside off, legcutter, Wade bails out of the pull. Floats through to the keeper and beats Rizwan;
45.2;4;Wahab Riaz to Wade, FOUR runs low full-toss on off, Wade threads the gap between wide mid-off and extra-cover with a good-looking drive;
45.2;1w;Wahab Riaz to Wade, 1 wide wild short ball outside off, slanted away further. Wide called;
45.1;1;Wahab Riaz to Head, 1 run full-toss on leg stump, 148.2ks, whipped away to deep square leg;
44.6;2;Amir to Wade, 2 runs length ball on middle and leg, clipped away to Azam at deep midwicket. Azam picks the ball up swiftly and releases it to Amir, but the bowler does not collect the ball cleanly, messing up a run-out opportunity. Head is home at the non-striker's end and Wade pockets two;
44.5;W;Amir to Maxwell, OUT Maxwell hits it flat and hard to Hafeez at sweeper cover. Full and outside off, Maxwell simply shovels it in the air with the bottom hand to the man in the deep. Dolly catch;Glenn Maxwell c Mohammad Hafeez b Mohammad Amir 13 (16m 7b 1x4 1x6) SR: 185.71;
44.4;?;Amir to Maxwell, no run full and wide outside off, 145.6ks, Maxwell, having backed away, can't put bat on ball;
44.3;1;Amir to Head, 1 run full-toss on middle and leg, Head has a swipe at it and ends up dragging the ball off the inside half to deep midwicket;
44.2;2;Amir to Head, 2 runs high short ball outside off, Head has a crack at it with the pull. Skies over midwicket. Sharjeel at deep midwicket runs across to his right, puts in the dive, but the ball eludes his reach. Long-on runs to his left and mops it up;
44.1;2;Amir to Head, 2 runs nice and full outside off, Head looks to launch it downtown. Does not time it well enough, scoops the ball over Azhar at mid-off;
43.6;4;Wahab Riaz to Maxwell, FOUR runs Maxwell shuffles across off stump, Wahab slips in the slower cutter at 115ks. Maxwell adjusts and helps it away fine on the leg side;
43.5;1;Wahab Riaz to Head, 1 run yorker on middle, drilled down to mid-on;
43.4;4;Wahab Riaz to Head, FOUR runs full on middle, Head backs away and lifts the ball over mid-off;
43.3;1;Wahab Riaz to Maxwell, 1 run pinpoint yorker, dug back to the bowler;
43.2;6;Wahab Riaz to Maxwell, SIX runs 151.7ks, short and wide outside off, Maxwell, having backed away outside leg, has ample leverage to flat-bat a cut over point. Hit flat and hard for six. In the World Cup 2015 match, Maxwell unleashed the back-away-look-away cut off Wahab. This one was the back-away-look-at-the-ball cut;
43.2;1w;Wahab Riaz to Maxwell, 1 wide Maxwell shuffles across off, banged in short, Maxwell half-ducks, the ball flies over him. Wide called for height;
43.1;1;Wahab Riaz to Head, 1 run 147ks full-toss on middle and leg. Head has a good ol' hack at it and drags it to midwicket off the inside half. Wahab working up serious pace, despite hurting his knee;
42.6;1;Amir to Head, 1 run pretty full and wide outside off, Head throws his bat at ball and slices an outside edge to third man. 300 up for the hosts;
42.5;1;Amir to Maxwell, 1 run very full on leg stump, 144.3ks, Maxwell shovels it away to cow corner;
42.4;1;Amir to Head, 1 run low full toss on leg stump, scooped in front of mid-off;
42.3;?;Amir to Head, no run Head pre-mediates again, backing a long way outside leg. Amir hurls it wide outside off. Head can't reach out and flay it away. Beaten;
42.2;6;Amir to Head, SIX runs Head pre-meditates outside leg, Amir chases the batsman with a 142ks short ball.Head smites a six over midwicket;
42.2;1w;Amir to Head, 1 wide Head backs away outside leg, this is a head-high bouncer outside off. Head jumps off the ground but the ball sails over him. Wide called;
42.1;1;Amir to Maxwell, 1 run back of a length and on leg stump, Maxwell steps away outside leg and hits to wide long-on with a clubbing swing;
41.6;?;Junaid to Head, no run yorker on the leg stump, dug back to the bowler;
41.6;1w;Junaid to Head, 1 wide;
41.5;W;Junaid to Smith, OUT Swatted away in the air. Wahab tracks the ball from mid-on, runs to his right, and plucks the overhead catch. But on impact his right knee got jarred in the turf. He collapses and winces in pain. Banged in short and outside off head-hunting ball, too high for a hook. Smith flat-bats it in the air and holes out;Steven Smith c Wahab Riaz b Junaid Khan 4 (3m 2b 1x4 0x6) SR: 200;
41.4;4;Junaid to Smith, FOUR runs and he sets to work with a first-ball four. Back of a length and angling away outside off, steps back and punches it serenely through the covers;
41.3;W;Junaid to Warner, OUT carved away in the air. It dies in front of point, but Azam bends forward and snaps up a low catch. He claims it, and they go upstairs. It's a clean catch and a cramping David Warner walks back for 179, his best ODI score. No double-hundred for him, though. Slower short ball, cuts away from Warner. He reaches out for the ball and scythes it in the air. The opening stand ends on 284;David Warner c Babar Azam b Junaid Khan 179 (186m 128b 19x4 5x6) SR: 139.84;
41.2;?;Junaid to Warner, no run very full and outside off, flat-batted away to cover;
41.2;1w;Junaid to Warner, 1 wide wide yorker, that's very harsh on Junaid. Inside the tramline. Speared outside off, Warner can't reach out and touch it;
41.1;4;Junaid to Warner, FOUR runs full-toss outside off, Warner creams a drive to the right of sweeper cover. Skips away to the fence;
40.6;1;Hafeez to Warner, 1 run Warner ventures to the leg side, Hafeez follows him and tucks him up. Punched down the ground for a single;
40.5;1;Hafeez to Head, 1 run Head removes his helmet, kisses it, and gets a hug from Warner. Soaks in his maiden ODI hundred, on his home ground. And he reaches the landmark with his favourite cut. Short and outside off, cracked away through the covers;
40.4;1;Hafeez to Warner, 1 run pushed through on middle, driven down to long-off;
40.3;6;Hafeez to Warner, SIX runs Hafeez tosses it up full outside off, Warner reaches out his hands and smacks it over extra cover for six. He then loses his balance; he's suffering from cramps;
40.2;?;Hafeez to Warner, no run speared short on middle, goes back and flat-bats it to the bowler's right;
40.1;1;Hafeez to Head, 1 run dropped short and just a shade outside off, moves back and pulls firmly to long-on;
39.6;?;Junaid to Warner, no run Junaid persists with the wide yorker, Warner aims to reach out and carve it away. No dice. Instead he is floored;
39.5;?;Junaid to Warner, no run Warner uses his feet, wide full ball outside off, Warner squeezes his bat down, but can't make contact. The ball whistles past the outside edge. Junaid appeals, thinking Warner had nicked it. The appeal is shot down quickly;
39.4;1;Junaid to Head, 1 run wide yorker, reaches out and slices the ball in the direction of point;
39.3;?;Junaid to Head, no run slower short ball outside off, Head reaches out, slashes and does not make contact;
39.2;1;Junaid to Warner, 1 run very full and outside off, Warner opens the bat-face and squeezes a single down to third man;
39.1;?;Junaid to Warner, no run wide yorker outside off, Warner can't scythe it away. Beaten;
38.6;?;Hafeez to Head, no run length-ball offbreak outside off, turns away, tapped to the off side;
38.5;1;Hafeez to Warner, 1 run Warner steps away, makes room, and cuts a short ball to sweeper cover;
38.4;1;Hafeez to Head, 1 run length ball, looped up outside off, gets forward and drives down to long-off;
38.3;?;Hafeez to Head, no run;
38.2;4;Hafeez to Head, FOUR runs dropped short on middle, Head skips back and pulls firmly through the leg side. Deep midwicket slides to his right, just escorts the ball to the fence;
38.1;?;Hafeez to Head, no run short and slides in with the arm on middle from around the stumps, Head goes back and forces it to Hafeez;
37.6;6;Hasan Ali to Warner, SIX runs there it is! Slower short ball on middle, Warner waits for the ball to arrive. Then launches it into the stands beyond midwicket with a pull. This is now Australia's highest stand for any wicket in ODIs;
37.5;1;Hasan Ali to Head, 1 run Head walks across off, meets a full-toss, and slaps it down the ground to long-on;
37.4;?;Hasan Ali to Head, no run Head moves away outside leg stump, the bowler follows him. Nicked in front of the keeper as he is cramped for room;
37.3;2;Hasan Ali to Head, 2 runs Head dances out, takes a half-volley and drills it down the ground. There is a misfield at long-on, but it's just two;
37.2;1;Hasan Ali to Warner, 1 run fractionally short and outside off, Warner short-arms it away to long-on;
37.1;4;Hasan Ali to Warner, FOUR runs very full on the stumps, Warner picks it up and whips it in the air just over midwicket;
36.6;1;Junaid to Warner, 1 run yorker on middle, Warner stays leg-side of the ball and digs it back to the bowler's right. He fumbles, and this is now Australia's highest opening stand in ODIs, surpassing Finch and S Marsh's effort in 2013;
36.5;?;Junaid to Warner, no run Junaid digs another slower bouncer outside off, Warner jumps off his feet, upper-cuts, but the ball still sails over him to the keeper;
36.4;1;Junaid to Head, 1 run length and outside off, helped down to third man;
36.3;?;Junaid to Head, no run tennis-ball bouncer outside off, Head attempts a ramp but the ball bounces over;
36.2;?;Junaid to Head, no run very full and outside off, near yorker, front-foot drive straight to mid-off;
36.1;1;Junaid to Warner, 1 run slower short ball outside off, waits for the ball to arrive and drags the ball to deep midwicket;
35.6;2;Wahab Riaz to Head, 2 runs yorker on the leg stump, squeezed out to midwicket, where Umar Akmal is lazy to bend down and fumbles an extra run;
35.5;?;Wahab Riaz to Head, no run bouncer outside off, bursts off the surface, beats the hook;
35.4;1;Wahab Riaz to Warner, 1 run yorker on middle, 150.1ks, pace like fire. Warner jams his bat down in the nick of time. Squirts a bottom edge behind square on the leg side;
35.3;?;Wahab Riaz to Warner, no run Warner backs away outside leg stump, Wahab spears it wide outside off, 150ks. Warner slashes but can't reach it;
35.2;1;Wahab Riaz to Head, 1 run dug short and outside off, sits up to be hit. Head rocks back and pulls along the ground to deep midwicket;
35.1;1;Wahab Riaz to Warner, 1 run Warner gently drops the ball to the leg side for a single;
34.6;1;Hasan Ali to Warner, 1 run Warner deftly runs it down to third man and brings up his 150. He raises his bat and acknowledges the applause again. Is the 200 on? His third fifty has come off only 29 balls;
34.5;2;Hasan Ali to Warner, 2 runs back of a length and on the hips, Warner camps on the back foot and clips it away through square leg;
34.4;4;Hasan Ali to Warner, FOUR runs full and outside off. Flat-batted away fiercely to the right of mid-off;
34.3;6;Hasan Ali to Warner, SIX runs chest-high short ball on the leg stump, Warner is unperturbed. He rocks back and hooks it over long leg. This one goes all the way;
34.2;4;Hasan Ali to Warner, FOUR runs full and on leg stump, Warner now stays leg-side of the ball and chips it in the air. Well-controlled hit, scooped over wide mid-off. One-bounce four;
34.1;1;Hasan Ali to Head, 1 run pitched up on middle, Head stays leg-side of the ball and punches it to mid-off. Pinches a quick single;
33.6;3;Wahab Riaz to Head, 3 runs overpitched and outside off, flat-batted drive to the right of extra cover;
33.5;2;Wahab Riaz to Head, 2 runs short of a length and outside off, Head aims to slog it over midwicket. Ends up top-edging it in the air fine of third man;
33.4;?;Wahab Riaz to Head, no run slower-ball bouncer outside off, Head bails out of the hook at the last moment;
33.3;?;Wahab Riaz to Head, no run yorker on middle, 150.1ks, jammed back to the bowler;
33.2;1;Wahab Riaz to Warner, 1 run back of a length and outside off, punched away through the covers;
33.1;1;Wahab Riaz to Head, 1 run;
32.6;?;Hasan Ali to Warner, no run back of a length and outside off, steered into the covers;
32.5;2;Hasan Ali to Warner, 2 runs Oh dear! Warner skies one in the air, and Amir drops it. Full on the stumps, Warner aims for a leg-side mow. He can't only skew it in the air. Amir runs in from long-on, the sun squinting in his eyes, but shells it. Pops in and out. The camera pans out to coach Arthur and fielding coach Rixon in the Pakistan change room. Arthur covers his face up with his hands while Rixon shakes his head. Pakistan's fielding goof-ups continue;
32.4;1;Hasan Ali to Head, 1 run full and angling away outside off, slashed away to sweeper cover;
32.3;2;Hasan Ali to Head, 2 runs;
32.2;1;Hasan Ali to Warner, 1 run leg-side delivery, helped away fine on the leg side;
32.1;1;Hasan Ali to Head, 1 run back of a length on middle, Head chops the ball ball down the pitch and sets off. Head was looking for the second, but has to settle with one, as Warner loses his bat at the non-striker's end. It bounces off the turf and runs further away him;
31.6;?;Wahab Riaz to Warner, no run shortish outside off, slapped to backward point;
31.5;1;Wahab Riaz to Head, 1 run slower ball outside off, lets it come and dabs to the right of backward point. Babar Azam makes a diving stop, but they manage to take a single without too much fuss;
31.4;?;Wahab Riaz to Head, no run back of a length, a bit of reverse in towards middle and leg. Stays leg-side of the ball again to push to backward point;
31.3;?;Wahab Riaz to Head, no run full on the pads, angling down leg, misses the flick and it ricochets off pad to point;
31.2;1;Wahab Riaz to Warner, 1 run Shortish on middle stump and Warner looks to run it down to third man. From middle stump. For once he's cramped for room and he bottom-edges into his pad and they run a quick single as it dribbles away into the off side;
31.1;1;Wahab Riaz to Head, 1 run shortish outside off, chopped to the left of third man;
30.6;?;Hasan Ali to Warner, no run fullish on leg stump, gets his feet out of the way and defends to short midwicket;
30.5;1;Hasan Ali to Head, 1 run back of a length on middle stump, worked away through square leg;
30.4;1;Hasan Ali to Warner, 1 run length ball on middle stump. Stays leg-side of the ball and dabs into the point region;
30.3;4;Hasan Ali to Warner, FOUR runs short, pulled from just outside off to the midwicket boundary to bring up the 200 partnership;
30.2;2;Hasan Ali to Warner, 2 runs back of a length on off stump, makes a bit of room to steer that to the left of third man;
30.1;1;Hasan Ali to Head, 1 run length ball angling across towards off stump, pushed towards mid-off;
29.6;?;Amir to Warner, no run very full on middle and leg. Looks to push through mid-off, and the angle - and maybe some reverse - causes him to inside-edge into his pad;
29.5;1;Amir to Head, 1 run shortish, no room to pull. Was a little late on it, actually, and he ends up playing it to mid-on. Wanted to hit it through midwicket, I think;
29.4;4;Amir to Head, FOUR runs full-toss, reversing into the pads, Head whips it away to the forward square leg boundary;
29.3;1;Amir to Warner, 1 run back of a length on middle stump, lets it come on and dabs into the cover point region;
29.2;1;Amir to Head, 1 run full, wide outside off, driven to deep point;
29.1;1;Amir to Warner, 1 run yorker on middle stump, squeezed out to mid-off with a straight bat;
28.6;1;Malik to Warner, 1 run back of a length outside off, goes on the back foot to drag his pull to square leg;
28.5;2;Malik to Warner, 2 runs back of a length, angling down leg, swiped to deep backward square leg;
28.4;?;Malik to Warner, no run back of a length close to off stump, steps back and across to work to midwicket;
28.3;4;Malik to Warner, FOUR runs tossed up outside off, plenty of swinging room for Warner to launch that over mid-on;
28.2;4;Malik to Warner, FOUR runs tossed up on off stump, and that becomes leg stump as Warner turns himself around to reverse-swat it powerfully between short third man and backward point;
28.1;1;Malik to Head, 1 run back of a length on middle and leg, goes on the back foot to nurdle into the square-leg region;
27.6;?;Amir to Warner, no run yorker on off stump, makes a bit of room to try and squeeze it through point, but it tails in just a bit, forcing him to hit it straighter, to the fielder at short cover;
27.5;1;Amir to Head, 1 run low full-toss on off stump, clipped to long-on;
27.4;6;Amir to Head, SIX runs shortish on middle stump, Warner opens out to pull, and gets it to carry all the way over the square leg boundary;
27.3;?;Amir to Head, no run full-toss on off stump, whipped past the bowler to mid-off;
27.2;4;Amir to Head, FOUR runs shortish outside off, carved away to the right of deep point, and Junaid, sprinting across and diving, misfields at the boundary to give away four. Wanted to push that back into the field of play with his right hand, but the ball sneaked below his hand;
27.1;?;Amir to Head, no run fullish on off stump, driven to mid-off;
26.6;4;Malik to Warner, FOUR runs premeditated, he was in position to sweep almost before Malik delivered. He shortened his length, and Warner adjusted by whipping it in the air, a fair distance to the right of the fielder at short fine leg;
26.5;1;Malik to Head, 1 run full on leg stump, clipped to long-on;
26.4;4;Malik to Head, FOUR runs shortish on middle stump, and Head brings up fifty with a bottom-handed whip-pull to the boundary to the right of deep square leg;
26.3;?;Malik to Head, no run no room to cut this time, kept coming in with the angle, ends up bottom-edging into the pitch. Went too hard at it;
26.2;?;Malik to Head, no run shortish, close to off stump, not enough room to cut and he can't beat the man at backward point;
26.1;1;Malik to Warner, 1 run goes back to a length ball sliding in towards off stump, makes room, and chops it away through point. A shot you can only play on a pitch as flat and true as this;
25.6;1;Junaid to Warner, 1 run yorker on middle stump, stays leg-side of the ball to squeeze out a single into the point region;
25.5;2;Junaid to Warner, 2 runs length ball on middle and leg, clipped to long-on;
25.4;?;Junaid to Warner, no run length ball angling into middle stump, cutting out room. Warner defends to short extra-cover;
25.3;1;Junaid to Head, 1 run skips down the track and Junaid bowls a full one outside off. Whipped through midwicket;
25.2;?;Junaid to Head, no run back of a length outside off, dabbed to backward point with an open bat-face;
25.1;1;Junaid to Warner, 1 run and there it is! A century off 78 balls. Fullish on off stump and he plays a defensive push into the off side, not too far from the finish of Junaid's follow-through, but both he and Head take off immediately to ensure they complete the quick single with ease. This is his fastest hundred in ODIs - his previous quickest was off 92 balls;
24.6;1;Malik to Warner, 1 run short outside off, chopped away hard but backward point dives right to take pace off the ball, and the man at sweeper cover can run across and stop the ball well short of the boundary;
24.5;1;Malik to Head, 1 run slows this down and ends up shortening his length. Rocks back to slap to the left of sweeper cover;
24.4;1;Malik to Warner, 1 run down the track now and plays this quietly, clips from off stump to mid-on to get off strike;
24.3;?;Malik to Warner, no run quickish length ball on off stump, blocked back to the bowler;
24.2;?;Malik to Warner, no run quicker, back of a length, jabbed to point;
24.1;?;Malik to Warner, no run tossed up outside off, Warner comes forward to drive through mid-off or cover, ends up a little too close to the ball and drags it back to the bowler with a lot of bottom hand;
23.6;4;Junaid to Head, FOUR runs shot! That's full on off stump, and Head brings down a perfectly straight bat, full face showing to punch that between the non-striker and mid-on;
23.5;1;Junaid to Warner, 1 run back of a length on off stump, Warner uses the angle to whip that to deep square leg;
23.4;?;Junaid to Warner, no run full-toss, nearly a yorker, a bit of inswing into the stumps. Warner jams down in a hurry to clip to midwicket;
23.3;?;Junaid to Warner, no run length ball outside off, gets on the front foot to push to cover;
23.2;1;Junaid to Head, 1 run length ball on middle stump, whipped to deep square leg;
23.1;1;Junaid to Warner, 1 run back of a length on middle stump, worked away to deep square leg;
22.6;?;Malik to Head, no run another round-arm slider on off stump, defended into the covers;
22.5;?;Malik to Head, no run fuller now, a little round-arm and angling into off stump, defended into the off side;
22.4;?;Malik to Head, no run once again, short outside off, this time he can't beat backward point with his cut;
22.3;2;Malik to Head, 2 runs shortish outside off, slapped to the right of sweeper cover;
22.2;?;Malik to Head, no run gone, is it? Skips down the track too early and Malik fires it in way outside off. Turns sharply too, so Rizwan had to move left to collect it before he could complete the stumping. Gives Head enough time to drag his foot back into the crease;
22.1;?;Malik to Head, no run flat, angling into the pads. Comes forward to clip to forward square leg;
21.6;1;Junaid to Head, 1 run back of a length on middle stump, clipped to deep square leg;
21.5;1;Junaid to Warner, 1 run tailing into the pads, flicked to the right of short fine-leg;
21.4;1;Junaid to Head, 1 run steps down the pitch and Wahab bowls a length ball outside off. Looks to slog that over the leg side, only manages to drag it along the ground to mid-on. They chance a single and get it. A direct hit from Sharjeel at the bowler's end would have had him out;
21.3;1;Junaid to Warner, 1 run once again short, a bit of width, this time he slaps it in front of square and finds the fielder sweeping on the cover point boundary;
21.2;?;Junaid to Warner, no run shortish, angling into off stump, defended into the point region;
21.1;4;Junaid to Warner, FOUR runs short, wide, Warner gets right on top of that to square-cut to the left of an immobile backward point. Went too quickly for him to even think of diving;
20.6;?;Hasan Ali to Head, no run back of a length, slanting across. May have been the slower ball, beats the bat as Head looks to run that down to third man;
20.5;5;Hasan Ali to Warner, 5 runs back of a length outside off, and that's poor cricket from Pakistan. Warner poked it into the cover point region, and Umar Akmal, moving to his left from point, fumbled, allowing the single, and then spun and sent an inaccurate throw at the bowler's end that sped all the way to the opposite boundary;
20.4;4;Hasan Ali to Warner, FOUR runs short again, Warner doesn't go hard at it, unlike Head the previous ball, waits a little longer and uses his wrists to whip it backward of square to send it scuttling away for four. The deep square leg fielder was stationed in front of square, as a leg-side sweeper;
20.3;1;Hasan Ali to Head, 1 run short on off stump, and that's smacked sweetly out of the middle of the bat, but the pull goes straight to the fielder at deep square leg and he can only get one for it;
20.2;?;Hasan Ali to Head, no run back of a length on middle stump, defended to midwicket;
20.1;1;Hasan Ali to Warner, 1 run shortish, angling across into a fourth-stump line. Warner jumps to ride the bounce and steers through point;
19.6;1;Wahab Riaz to Warner, 1 run back of a length on middle stump, Warner steps across and clips to deep square leg;
19.5;1;Wahab Riaz to Head, 1 run back of a length on leg stump, pushed to mid-on with a straight bat;
19.4;4lb;Wahab Riaz to Head, 4 leg byes looks to go full now, possibly looking for the yorker, ends up slanting it down the leg side and Head misses the flick but gets a little tickle on it with his pad to beat the wicketkeeper diving to his right;
19.3;?;Wahab Riaz to Head, no run bouncer outside off, too quick for Head to be able to connect with the hook;
19.2;1;Wahab Riaz to Warner, 1 run fullish outside off, driven to the left of deep point;
19.1;1;Wahab Riaz to Head, 1 run back of a length on middle stump, swatted to deep square leg;
18.6;6;Hafeez to Warner, SIX runs down the track now, makes a bit of room, and that's a super shot. Got himself into the perfect position, put himself at the perfect distance from the pitch of the ball to be able to extend his arms fully and get the elevation to launch that over wide long-off;
18.5;?;Hafeez to Warner, no run nice change of pace, quicker and fired in at the pads. Warner misses the flick and the ball ricochets off pad into the off side. Again going down leg;
18.4;?;Hafeez to Warner, no run lbw shout, not too confident. Not given. Warner looks to work across the line of one that goes on with the angle from around the wicket. Definitely sliding down leg;
18.3;?;Hafeez to Warner, no run flighted ball on middle stump, gets forward to clip to midwicket;
18.2;6;Hafeez to Warner, SIX runs tossed up outside off and Warner brings up the 100 partnership, gets a big stretch out and slog-sweeps over the midwicket boundary;
18.1;1;Hafeez to Head, 1 run he's been slowing it down deliberately to Head. Does so again, Head goes back to a length ball on off stump and flat-bats to long-off;
17.6;?;Wahab Riaz to Warner, no run shortish, wide, Warner thrashes his arms through it and backward point makes a good stop, diving to his right;
17.5;?;Wahab Riaz to Warner, no run back of a length, angling into leg stump. Warner stays leg-side of the ball and pokes into the cover point region;
17.4;?;Wahab Riaz to Warner, no run looks to pull, but this shortish ball cramps him for room, and he checks his shot and plays it a short distance into the leg side;
17.3;4;Wahab Riaz to Warner, FOUR runs bang. Wahab had been cramping Head for room, but now, with Warner on strike, offers up a fullish ball with plenty of width. Plays that trademark flat-bat drive between cover and mid-off;
17.2;1;Wahab Riaz to Head, 1 run back of a length, again angling into the body. Head drops it softly into the covers to get off strike;
17.1;?;Wahab Riaz to Head, no run back of a length, angling into middle stump and cramping Head for room as he stays leg-side of the ball. Squeezed down to backward point;
16.6;?;Hafeez to Warner, no run good stop, Azhar dives to his right at short midwicket and stops a powerful pull after Hafeez drops slightly short. Only one off the over, as a result;
16.5;?;Hafeez to Warner, no run another slider, slightly fuller, defended back to the bowler;
16.4;?;Hafeez to Warner, no run length ball, slides on towards off stump, defended into the covers;
16.3;1;Hafeez to Head, 1 run back of a length this time, goes back, makes room, and stabs into the covers;
16.2;?;Hafeez to Head, no run nice flight again, outside off. Head goes after it too hard, and drags it with a lot of bottom hand, back to the bowler;
16.1;?;Hafeez to Head, no run floated up on an off-stump line and Head steps out to drive, hits it hard but straight back to the bowler;
15.6;?;Wahab Riaz to Warner, no run back of a length and too close to the off stump for a dab down to third man. Beaten;
15.5;1;Wahab Riaz to Head, 1 run Head stands tall, meets a short ball outside off, and punches firmly to cover, where Hafeez has to deal with an awkward bounce. He fumbles and allows a single;
15.4;?;Wahab Riaz to Head, no run hip-high short ball outside off, Head skips back for a pull. Drags it to midwicket;
15.3;?;Wahab Riaz to Head, no run back of a length on middle and leg, clipped on the back foot to midwicket;
15.2;?;Wahab Riaz to Head, no run short of a length on middle, opens the face and dabs to point;
15.1;1;Wahab Riaz to Warner, 1 run;
14.6;1;Hafeez to Warner, 1 run short offbreak outside off, Warner moves back and flat-bats the ball away to long-off;
14.5;1;Hafeez to Head, 1 run Head stays leg side of this full ball and hits a wristy drive to long-off for one;
14.4;?;Hafeez to Head, no run skidding into the pads, this is worked straight to midwicket on the back foot;
14.3;2;Hafeez to Head, 2 runs Head now uses his feet, takes a half-volley, and flicks it in the gap at midwicket. Runs back for the second;
14.2;1;Hafeez to Warner, 1 run Warner steps out, Hafeez drags his length back. The batsman adjusts and pushes a single down to long-on;
14.1;?;Hafeez to Warner, no run tossed up on off, Warner presses forward and blocks it back to Hafeez;
13.6;1;Wahab Riaz to Warner, 1 run Warner rides the bounce of this short ball outside off and helps himself to a single. Directed down to third man;
13.5;?;Wahab Riaz to Warner, no run very full and veering into the pads, 146ks yorker, strikes the pad outside leg;
13.4;1;Wahab Riaz to Head, 1 run glanced off the hips to deep square leg;
13.3;?;Wahab Riaz to Head, no run short of a length and just a shade outside off, Wahab hits 140ks. Head jumps and fends it out to point;
13.2;?;Wahab Riaz to Head, no run back of a length on off, cramps Head up for room. Played back to the bowler;
13.1;?;Wahab Riaz to Head, no run dug in short, angled in on middle, Head leaps off his feet and blunts it to cover;
12.6;?;Hafeez to Warner, no run short and angled in, Warner just fends down the ground. That actually reared from a back of a length;
12.5;?;Hafeez to Warner, no run fractionally short and outside off, Warner skips back and nails a cut.... but can't beat extra cover;
12.4;1;Hafeez to Head, 1 run flighted on middle, Head dances down the track, gets close enough to the pitch and push-drives a single down to long-on;
12.3;?;Hafeez to Head, no run pushed down leg, left alone, leg-side wide;
12.2;1;Hafeez to Warner, 1 run tossed up outside off, whipped away with the wrists to long-on;
12.1;1;Hafeez to Head, 1 run length-ball offbreak, spins away outside off, Head aims to cut and chops it beside his toe. Nearly chopped on;
11.6;4;Hasan Ali to Warner, FOUR runs Warner hits through the line and gets another one-bounce four. Fullish and outside off, clears his front leg and launches it over mid-off;
11.5;1;Hasan Ali to Head, 1 run short of a length and angling away outside off, whipped away to leg, this time by Head;
11.4;1;Hasan Ali to Warner, 1 run neatly clipped off the pads through square leg;
11.3;?;Hasan Ali to Warner, no run short of a length and outside off, angled out to point;
11.2;1;Hasan Ali to Head, 1 run drop-and-run single to cover;
11.1;?;Hasan Ali to Head, no run full on the stumps, driven back to the bowler on the front foot;
10.6;4;Hafeez to Warner, FOUR runs pierces the off-side field and Warner follows his 130 at the SCG with a half-century off 34 balls. In between he was a big winner at the Allan Border awards night. He raises his bat and acknowledges the cheers. Slightly short and turns away outside off, Warner is super quick to pick the length up, rocking backing and lashing a cut past extra cover;
10.5;1;Hafeez to Head, 1 run Head uses his feet, gets close enough to the pitch, and secures a single to long-on;
10.4;?;Hafeez to Head, no run full, comes in with the angle, Head plays down the wrong line and squirts an inside edge behind square;
10.3;?;Hafeez to Head, no run lobbed up and angled in. Head attempts a big drive and ends up inside-edging the ball onto his front toe;
10.2;?;Hafeez to Head, no run worked from off stump to midwicket on the back foot;
10.1;?;Hafeez to Head, no run hangs it up outside off, very full, played back to him;
9.6;2;Hasan Ali to Warner, 2 runs shortish and on the hips, directed square through the leg side. Warner hustles across for the second. Looks like there's no stopping him today;
9.5;4;Hasan Ali to Warner, FOUR runs Warner's front foot does not meet the pitch of this. Pitched up on off and off, he simply chips this one over mid-off. No violence here;
9.4;4;Hasan Ali to Warner, FOUR runs Hasan goes full and outside off, Warner sinks his teeth into it and hits on the up. Clears his front leg and belts it over a leaping mid-off;
9.3;3;Hasan Ali to Head, 3 runs fractionally short and outside off again, this time to Head. This more a short-arm flap rather than a short-arm pull. Hit in the air over wide mid-on. Malik chases the ball hard, pulls it back in at the edge of the boundary, and tumbles over, he clutches his left wrist;
9.2;1;Hasan Ali to Warner, 1 run just short of a good length on middle, tip-and-run single to point. Good running;
9.1;?;Hasan Ali to Warner, no run fractionally short and outside off. Warner swings hard at a pull and bottom-edges it over the stumps. The ball rolls away to the right of Rizwan;
8.6;?;Amir to Head, no run bouncer outside off, Head drops his wrists and sways his upper body out of the way;
8.5;?;Amir to Head, no run length ball, angled in, much tighter from Amir. Head plays to point, opening the bat-face;
8.4;4;Amir to Head, FOUR runs loose half-volley on the pads, no swing, Head flicks it handsomely square through the leg side and brings up the fifty stand;
8.3;1;Amir to Warner, 1 run brute of a delivery. Inswinging yorker, Warner jams his bat down and toe-ends a single to midwicket;
8.2;?;Amir to Warner, no run pitched up and outside off, front-foot drive to mid-off;
8.1;?;Amir to Warner, no run a big appeal for caught behind from Amir, umpire Fry shakes his head. Rizwan and slip weren't too keen. Pakistan challenge the on-field not-out decision. Fair ball from Amir. Dug in short on off stump, pings the shoulder, misses the bat, and lobs to a diving slip.... and Pakistan lose their review;
7.6;?;Junaid to Head, no run short, the length is there for a cut, but the line is too close to off. Chopped away square on the off side;
7.5;1;Junaid to Warner, 1 run Warner takes a step out again, meets a length ball, and twirls it into the vacant spaces at midwicket;
7.4;2;Junaid to Warner, 2 runs just short of a good length and outside off as Warner shimmies out again. Flat-bats a pull in the air to the left of mid-on;
7.3;?;Junaid to Warner, no run Warner shimmies out, the bowler pulls his length back outside off. Warner opens the face and tips the ball to point;
7.2;?;Junaid to Warner, no run just short of a good length on middle, stands and delivers. Punched to cover;
7.1;4;Junaid to Warner, FOUR runs full and wide outside off, possibly a slower one, thrashed on the up over cover;
6.6;3;Amir to Warner, 3 runs and the fielding lapses continue to haunt Pakistan. Hasan at mid-on now fumbles, only gets a thumb to the ball . Very full and angled in on middle and leg, driven down the ground;
6.5;?;Amir to Warner, no run length ball on off and middle, drives on the up and finds mid-off;
6.4;?;Amir to Warner, no run good length, 144.4ks, tight line, angled in on middle. Blocked with a straight bat;
6.3;4;Amir to Warner, FOUR runs short and straying into the pads, wrong line with fine leg inside the circle, picked away square of that fielder. Beats the man in the deep as well;
6.2;2;Amir to Warner, 2 runs very full and angled into the pads, placed to the left of midwicket for two;
6.1;?;Amir to Warner, no run back of a length, pitches outside off, Amir continues to generate outswing. Jumps off his feet and plays a checked punch away from the body to cover;

Just one slip in
 Innings Start
10.20pm Phew. That's it from us, after a looong day at the Adelaide Oval. A triumphant end to the summer for Australia after a rocky beginning against South Africa. Hope you've enjoyed our coverage of the series, and you can pop over to the India-England T20 ball-by-ball if you so wish.
Also, a bit of news for Pakistan fans: Azhar Ali's position as captain of the ODI side seems to be under threat following Pakistan's 4-1 defeat in Australia
Anyway, Deiva and I will go off and have some well-earned rest. Until next time, bye!
Steven Smith: "We've played some pretty good cricket over the last couple of games. Davey has been absolutely outstanding, I thought Travis Head played very well to get his first ODI hundred as well. It was a disappointing start against South Africa and it's been great to turn things around. It's taken a lot of hard work and discipline from the boys. We've played some very good cricket over the last couple of months. We have a pretty quick series against New Zealand, they've played some good cricket recently. Hopefully we can have a good series before heading to India. I'd like to thank Pakistan for the cricket you've played for the last couple of months. You've been formidable opponents and I've enjoyed playing against you guys."
David Warner is the Player of the Match as well as the Player of the Series. "I just love playing cricket and churning out as many runs as possible. You've just got to take those chances (first-ball drop), if it doesn't go to hand you've got to make the most of it. Very happy for the break [he's been rested for the Chappell-Hadlee series]."
Azhar Ali: "Today again it was a very tough total to chase. Credit goes to Australia, especially David Warner and Travis Head. Chasing 360-plus is always tough, but still good positives in the batting - previous game and this game also. Tosses didn't go our way either, but it's part of the game, you can't really practise that. It's important that you still play good cricket. Tough teams don't care whether they win the toss. I would like to thank Cricket Australia, and the crowd, both from Pakistan and Australia."
"It's nice to get some runs," says Travis Head. "You have gameplans for different scenarios. Any batter enjoys batting as high as they can. I think when Davy is in such good nick, I was just trying to stay at the other end and rotate the strike. I wasn't that fluent initially, but it was nice to get that hundred. It's just a fantastic moment, I have a lot of friends and family here. We go into New Zealand with a bit of momentum."
Shaheen Farooq: "Again, 40 short from the historic chase as in 1st Test. Good fight though."
Murtaza: "Despite loosing I'm glad Pakistan got 300+ !"
Richard Stone: "The Highest score at the Adelade Oval in a losing cause and the 6th highest score (at the venue) of all time. Well done Pakistan!! "
Liam: "Pakistan has done well to get what they have got. The bowling has been great. Full compliments to Pakistan for sticking this out and not folding in 30 overs."
10.03pm Australia have wrapped up a 4-1 series win. A record opening stand from Warner and Head set it up for them, and 370 was always going to be a hugely difficult ask for Pakistan. Credit to them for fighting hard and staying in contention, just about, for most of their innings.
49.1;W;Starc to Wahab Riaz, OUT and that is that. Yorker on middle stump, Wahab makes room to try and drive that through the covers, and he misses. The bails light up, to signal a 57-run win for Australia. Shoaib Malik, who retired hurt after being hit on the forearm, won't come out to resume his innings;Wahab Riaz b Starc 17 (21m 20b 1x4 0x6) SR: 85;
48.6;W;Zampa to Hasan Ali, OUT down the track comes Hasan, and Pakistan are eight down. Slowed it down, the tailender was through his slog well before it arrived, and then it spun away and offered Wade a simple stumping;Hasan Ali st ?Wade b Zampa 13 (14m 10b 0x4 1x6) SR: 130;
48.5;1;Zampa to Wahab Riaz, 1 run this time it's too full for the slog-sweep, bottom-edges it to short fine leg;
48.4;?;Zampa to Wahab Riaz, no run dangled up slow outside off, Wahab is too early into his slog-sweep, can't connect;
48.3;1;Zampa to Hasan Ali, 1 run down the track now, chips it on the bounce to sweeper cover;
48.2;6;Zampa to Hasan Ali, SIX runs flighted outside off, Hasan goes for the slog-sweep and clears Maxwell, jumping to his right at the deep midwicket boundary;
48.1;?;Zampa to Hasan Ali, no run short ball, slides on with the angle to hit the batsman's thigh after he misses the pull;
47.6;?;Starc to Wahab Riaz, no run full outside off, Wahab has a big swing at it, and misses;
47.5;1;Starc to Hasan Ali, 1 run what is happening here? Full toss on off stump, looks to push towards mid-on and gets a leading edge that loops over short cover, to his left. Starc is furious;
47.4;1;Starc to Wahab Riaz, 1 run full-toss outside off, Wahab slices it over cover point, and Zampa, running in from the boundary and diving forward, gets both hands to it and spills it.;
47.3;4;Starc to Wahab Riaz, FOUR runs fullish on off stump, clears his front leg again, and this time meets it with a straight bat, shovels it back over the bowler's head;
47.2;2;Starc to Wahab Riaz, 2 runs full on middle stump, Wahab clears his front leg and miscues a pick-up shot over mid-on. Just about clears the fielder;
47.1;1lb;Starc to Hasan Ali, 1 leg bye full, slanting down leg. Misses the flick and it ricochets into the leg side off the pad;
46.6;1;Faulkner to Hasan Ali, 1 run another slower ball. This time Hasan slogs, slices it high in the air, drops into the vacant mid-off region;
46.5;1;Faulkner to Wahab Riaz, 1 run another slower ball, another full-blooded Wahab swipe, rolls along down to backward square leg;
46.4;1;Faulkner to Hasan Ali, 1 run loopy slower ball, full on off stump, pushed to mid-off;
46.3;1;Faulkner to Wahab Riaz, 1 run short on off stump, pulled in the air, one-bounce, to the right of long-on;
46.2;1;Faulkner to Hasan Ali, 1 run length ball on middle stump, clipped to short fine leg;
46.1;1;Faulkner to Wahab Riaz, 1 run slower ball at the batsman's legs. Gets down on one knee and slogs it away through square leg;
45.6;2;Starc to Hasan Ali, 2 runs full-toss outside off, and Hasan is off the mark with a nervy push that he edges. Bounces as it approaches Wade, and it hits his pad and runs away towards third man;
45.5;1;Starc to Wahab Riaz, 1 run full outside off, sliced in the air, on the bounce, to the right of third man;
45.4;?;Starc to Wahab Riaz, no run very full outside off, Wahab plays and misses;
45.3;?;Starc to Wahab Riaz, no run low full-toss, almost hits the base of off stump on the full after Wahab clears his front leg and misses an ambitious drive;
45.2;?;Starc to Wahab Riaz, no run full outside off. Wahab goes for the flashing drive, and can't connect;
45.1;?;Starc to Wahab Riaz, no run middle-stump yorker, jams his bat down to dig it out;
44.6;1;Faulkner to Wahab Riaz, 1 run full on off stump, clears his front leg to flat-bat to long-off;
44.5;2;Faulkner to Wahab Riaz, 2 runs another wide slower ball, fuller this time, slashed to the left of deep point;
44.5;1w;Faulkner to Wahab Riaz, 1 wide slower ball wide of off, Wahab slashes and misses. Shamsuddin signals wide;
44.4;W;Faulkner to Amir, OUT back of a length slower ball on off stump. Amir makes room to slog, ends up hitting the high part of his bat and looping high in the air. Maxwell, the fielder at cover, runs in from the 30-yard circle and completes a simple catch;Mohammad Amir c Maxwell b Faulkner 17 (21m 14b 1x4 1x6) SR: 121.42;
44.3;2;Faulkner to Amir, 2 runs loopy slower ball on middle stump, Amir makes room and slices it away to the left of short third man;
44.2;?;Faulkner to Amir, no run another slower ball, wide outside the left-hander's off stump. Amir slogs and misses;
44.1;1;Faulkner to Wahab Riaz, 1 run slower ball, leg-stumpish. Clears his front leg and gets down on one knee to swipe it through backward square leg;
43.6;1;Cummins to Wahab Riaz, 1 run full on off stump, driven crisply to sweeper cover;
43.5;1;Cummins to Amir, 1 run that's the bouncer angled across Amir, and it's well played, kept his eye on it and then helped it over the keeper and slip, down to third man;
43.4;1lb;Cummins to Wahab Riaz, 1 leg bye full, angling down leg. Can't connect with the flick and the ball hits him on the pad;
43.3;W;Cummins to Umar Akmal, OUT looks for the wide yorker, Akmal goes deep in his crease and across with his back foot to try and slap it through point, only manages a top-edge to the keeper;Umar Akmal c ?Wade b Cummins 46 (59m 40b 7x4 0x6) SR: 115;
43.2;?;Cummins to Umar Akmal, no run yorker on off stump, jabbed away to backward point and he wants a single. He's nearly halfway down the pitch before Amir sends him back. Makes his ground safely enough in the end;
43.1;4;Cummins to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs slower ball, full and wide, and Akmal smacks it over mid-off. Picked his spot, and got exactly the delivery he needed. Cleared his front leg to make himself extra swinging room;
42.6;6;Hazlewood to Amir, SIX runs shortish now, looks like another slower ball. Amir clears his front leg early, but then spots the change-up and holds his shape, and that allows him to time his swat over midwicket as sweetly as possible;
42.5;?;Hazlewood to Amir, no run full on leg stump, driven with a lot of effort but straight to mid-on;
42.4;4;Hazlewood to Amir, FOUR runs now he middles one. Fullish on middle stump, makes himself room again and lifts it over extra-cover;
42.3;?;Hazlewood to Amir, no run slower length ball on middle and off. Looks to make room to slap through the off side, can't get it past cover;
42.2;2;Hazlewood to Amir, 2 runs fullish on off stump, clears his front leg to slog, ends up dragging it along the ground to mid-on. An inaccurate shy at the bowler's end - from Cummins - gifts an overthrow, though Amir was out if he'd hit;
42.1;1;Hazlewood to Umar Akmal, 1 run back of a length outside off, punched off the back foot to sweeper cover;
41.6;?;Cummins to Amir, no run back of a length on middle stump, defended to cover;
41.5;1;Cummins to Umar Akmal, 1 run slower full-toss on off stump, punched to sweeper cover;
41.4;?;Cummins to Umar Akmal, no run This time he gets the wide yorker more or less on target. Akmal looks to reach out and squeeze it away, can't connect;
41.3;4;Cummins to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs looks for the wide yorker, ends up bowling a fast, low, wide full-toss. Akmal uses the pace well, slices under it with an open face to send it screaming to the left of third man;
41.2;4;Cummins to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs back of a length outside off, another slower ball. This time Akmal holds his shape nicely, and swats it away to the wide long-on boundary;
41.1;?;Cummins to Umar Akmal, no run slower bouncer outside off, Akmal can't connect with the hook;
40.6;1;Hazlewood to Umar Akmal, 1 run back of a length outside off, lets it come on and dabs to third man;
40.5;1;Hazlewood to Amir, 1 run length ball close to off stump, driven through point with a slightly open face;
40.4;1;Hazlewood to Umar Akmal, 1 run back of a length outside off, sliced to third man;
40.3;1;Hazlewood to Amir, 1 run shortish outside off, steered down to third man;
40.2;?;Hazlewood to Amir, no run this one's shorter, a little wider. Amir throws his bat at it but doesn't move his feet at all. Beaten again;
40.1;?;Hazlewood to Amir, no run length ball slanting away from off stump. Amir looks for the drive through cover, doesn't get forward quickly enough and he's comfortably beaten;
39.6;W;Cummins to Rizwan, OUT short outside off, and that's timed too well for Rizwan's liking. Goes for the slash, ends up slicing under the ball, and does it carry to Starc diving forward from third man? He himself isn't sure. They're checking upstairs now... Soft signal is out. Looks like he's taken it cleanly. Yup, out, and is that it for Pakistan?;Mohammad Rizwan c Starc b Cummins 6 (16m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
39.5;2;Cummins to Rizwan, 2 runs bouncer, difficult one for Rizwan to negotiate, he has to hook from over his right shoulder. Top-edges and it loops over the keeper and lands in the gap to the right of long leg;
39.4;1;Cummins to Umar Akmal, 1 run short outside off, looks like another slower ball. Akmal waits this time before dabbing it down to third man;
39.3;4;Cummins to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs full, a little wider outside off, Akmal slices under the ball, halfway deliberately, to send it soaring into the air over the point region and it lands in the big gap to the right of third man;
39.2;?;Cummins to Umar Akmal, no run slower ball outside off, Akmal slogs and misses;
39.1;1;Cummins to Rizwan, 1 run short, rising ball angling into the body. Jumps to ride the bounce and knocks it down into the leg side with soft hands;
38.6;?;Hazlewood to Umar Akmal, no run length ball on off stump, punched back to the bowler, who sees Akmal out of his crease and fires a throw that narrowly misses off stump;
38.5;4;Hazlewood to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs shot! That's a length ball angling into off stump, nothing too wrong with it, considering the movement he's getting. Brings his bottom hand into play and whips it wristily over the gap to mid-on's left;
38.4;2;Hazlewood to Umar Akmal, 2 runs fullish on off stump, and that's a safe shot now that mid-on and midwicket are in the circle. Doesn't really middle this slog, but gets it safely over the gap between the two fielders;
38.3;?;Hazlewood to Umar Akmal, no run ooh, what a follow-up. Back of a length, angling into off stump, straightening late. Opens up Akmal and beats his outside edge as he looks to defend, feet rooted to the spot;
38.2;4;Hazlewood to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs short, angling into the body, and that's excellent, swivelled to pull it from just in front of his chest, finds the gap between deep midwicket and long leg;
38.1;1;Hazlewood to Rizwan, 1 run fullish, angling into off stump, driven firmly, beats cover diving to his right, but can't beat Warner, running to his left from mid-on;
38.1;1w;Hazlewood to Rizwan, 1 wide full, angling down leg. Rizwan can't connect with the flick;
37.6;1;Faulkner to Rizwan, 1 run on the pads, clipped away through square leg;
37.5;1;Faulkner to Umar Akmal, 1 run full on off stump, and that's dropped. Long-on was back, Akmal decided to take him on, and didn't get as much pace onto the bat as he'd have liked. Scooped it up, and Handscomb, running to his left and reaching overhead, got both hands to the ball but couldn't hold on;
37.4;1;Faulkner to Rizwan, 1 run back of a length close to off stump, opens his bat face to stab it down to third man;
37.3;1;Faulkner to Umar Akmal, 1 run length ball on middle stump, slogged away, on the bounce, to deep midwicket;
37.2;?;Faulkner to Umar Akmal, no run back of a length on off stump, came back in slightly to cramp Akmal. Wanted to punch that through the covers, in the end he can only jam down his bat and squeeze it to backward point;
37.1;?;Faulkner to Umar Akmal, no run back of a length, slanted across the right-hander. Akmal lets it come on and dabs to backward point;
36.6;1;Hazlewood to Umar Akmal, 1 run back of a length on leg stump, worked away to deep midwicket;
36.5;?;Hazlewood to Umar Akmal, no run fullish outside off, defended to point;
36.5;1w;Hazlewood to Umar Akmal, 1 wide short, very wide outside off. Akmal reaches out to cut but can't connect;
36.4;W;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, OUT there's that swing again, from the stumps this time, and Hazlewood's taken the big wicket. Looks to play a pick-up shot over mid-on, and that late swing meant he only got the leading edge to it, and the ball ballooned up for a simple catch to mid-on. An excellent delivery to end an excellent innings;Babar Azam c Head b Hazlewood 100 (153m 109b 7x4 1x6) SR: 91.74;
36.3;?;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, no run fullish, and he gets this to swing away from a fifth-stump line to beat Babar's attempted on-the-up drive;
36.2;1;Hazlewood to Umar Akmal, 1 run back of a length on off stump, uses his wrists to play that to mid-on;
36.1;1;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, 1 run there's the hundred, it's been a superb innings so far. Back of a length on off stump, and he tucks it quietly through square leg to pick up one. Not too much of a celebration. Takes his helmet off, raises his bat to the crowd, hugs his cousin at the other end, and gets back to business;
36.1;1w;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, 1 wide length ball, wide of off, well wide in fact. Reaches out to drive and plays and misses. Called wide, and on replay it's clear it was wide of the tramline;
35.6;1;Faulkner to Babar Azam, 1 run back of a length close to off stump, lets it come on and pushes into the point region to move to 99;
35.5;4;Faulkner to Babar Azam, FOUR runs loopy slower ball wide of off stump, and that's superbly played by Babar, just reaches out and meets it with an open bat face to steer it to the right of backward point;
35.4;4;Faulkner to Babar Azam, FOUR runs short again, down the leg side this time, and that's terrible bowling with fine leg in the circle. Whip-pulled away to the left of the fielder and it races for another four;
35.3;4;Faulkner to Babar Azam, FOUR runs shortish, too much width, slapped away to the point boundary and Babar moves into the 90s;
35.2;?;Faulkner to Babar Azam, no run slower ball, full on off stump, driven with a lot of power but hit straight to mid-off;
35.1;1;Faulkner to Umar Akmal, 1 run back of a length on middle and leg, tucked away into the midwicket region;
34.6;?;Cummins to Babar Azam, no run short on middle, 146ks, hustles the batsman for pace. More of a short-arm flap than a short-arm pull. The ball goes only as far as midwicket;
34.5;1;Cummins to Umar Akmal, 1 run back of a length and outside off, 143ks, guided down to third man for one more;
34.4;?;Cummins to Umar Akmal, no run high bouncer outside off, the batsman drops his wrists on it. Not a wide. Cummins gets away;
34.3;1;Cummins to Babar Azam, 1 run length and outside off, deftly run down to third man;
34.2;?;Cummins to Babar Azam, no run just short of a good length on off, hops and chops to point;
34.1;2;Cummins to Babar Azam, 2 runs length ball outside off, chipped in the air straight down the ground;
33.6;4;Faulkner to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs full on middle and leg, picked up and flicked in the air over backward square leg;
33.5;1;Faulkner to Babar Azam, 1 run short of a length and outside off, leans back and cuts to the right of third man;
33.4;?;Faulkner to Babar Azam, no run;
33.3;1;Faulkner to Umar Akmal, 1 run back of a length and outside off, stands up tall and punches to sweeper cover;
33.2;?;Faulkner to Umar Akmal, no run length ball on middle, slower, Umar eyes a leg-side pick up and is hit on the box;
33.1;?;Faulkner to Umar Akmal, no run back of a length, skids on, beats the batsman's attempt to flick to leg and raps the thigh;
32.6;2;Cummins to Babar Azam, 2 runs short of a length and outside off, swatted away to the left of deep midwicket;
32.5;?;Cummins to Babar Azam, no run Babar shuffles across off, meets a hip-high short ball on middle, not sure if he inside-edged it onto the thigh;
32.5;1w;Cummins to Babar Azam, 1 wide short and down leg, ducks under it. Wide called;
32.4;1;Cummins to Umar Akmal, 1 run length and outside off, opens the face, and guides past backward point to third man;
32.3;1;Cummins to Babar Azam, 1 run just short of a good length and outside off, slower one, angled down to third man;
32.2;1;Cummins to Umar Akmal, 1 run short and outside off, rolls his wrists and pulls a single to long leg;
32.1;?;Cummins to Umar Akmal, no run length ball, kicks up outside off, Umar has a loose waft away from the body and does not make contact. His feet went nowhere;
31.6;1;Hazlewood to Umar Akmal, 1 run full on middle and leg, shuffles across off and clips it away to the right of deep square leg;
31.5;1;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, 1 run takes a short ball from outside off and swats it away to deep midwicket on the back foot;
31.4;1;Hazlewood to Umar Akmal, 1 run chest-high short ball outside off, swivels on the back foot, rides the bounce. Pulls to long leg;
31.3;?;Hazlewood to Umar Akmal, no run back of a length and outside off, punched on the up, straight to short extra cover;
31.2;1;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, 1 run length and outside off, helped down to third man;
31.1;2;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, 2 runs leg-side ball, deflected to long leg;
30.6;?;Cummins to Umar Akmal, no run short of a length and angled in, Umar jumps off the ground and fends it just beside the pitch on the leg side. Cummins runs in and across to his right, attacks the ball, picks it and aims a throw at the striker's end. Umar, who was searching for a risky single - there wasn't a single there actually - spins back and survives. Babar does not move. A direct hit could have had him;
30.5;?;Cummins to Malik, no run appeal for caught behind? Did that loop off the arm or glove behind to Smith running back and across to his right at wide slip. Skiddy short ball, leaps off the surface, angled in, Malik was probably not sure whether to duck or fend. In the end, he does a bit of both, and also takes his eyes off the ball. The ball pings his forearm and loops over to slip. Malik clutches his wrist in pain. Australia did well not to review it. The physio is out to attend to Malik;Shoaib Malik retired hurt 10 (24m 13b 0x4 0x6) SR: 76.92;
30.4;1;Cummins to Babar Azam, 1 run length ball outside off, 146.4ks, opens the face and glides down to third man;
30.3;2;Cummins to Babar Azam, 2 runs back of a length on middle, camps back and flicks through the midwicket region. Pakistan pass David Warner's 179;
30.2;2;Cummins to Babar Azam, 2 runs nice and full outside off, gets forward, meets the pitch and drives in the direction of Handscomb at sweeper;
30.2;1w;Cummins to Babar Azam, 1 wide bouncer, flies off the surface, over the upright batsman. Wide;
30.1;?;Cummins to Babar Azam, no run full on the stumps, chips a drive in front of Starc at mid-on;
29.6;2;Hazlewood to Malik, 2 runs big short ball outside off, a bit too quick for Malik. He hooks and top-edges it over the head of Wade behind the stumps;
29.5;?;Hazlewood to Malik, no run back of a length and outside off, opens the face and dabs the ball to the right of Smith at wide slip;
29.4;1;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, 1 run short and outside off, shuffles across off and pulls to deep square leg;
29.3;6;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, SIX runs shot. Babar sends the white ball sailing over mid-on who is inside the circle. Length and outside off, lofts it over the in-field with authority;
29.2;1;Hazlewood to Malik, 1 run short on off, hops and deflects the ball behind square on the off side;
29.1;2;Hazlewood to Malik, 2 runs short of a length and outside off, Malik goes back, rides the bounce and punches to deep point;
28.6;1;Starc to Malik, 1 run full and angling away outside off, drives in front of mid-off, and sets off does Malik. Warner is on the prowl, swoops down on the ball, diving forward, but can't throw the stumps down at the non-striker's end;
28.5;2;Starc to Malik, 2 runs short on middle, hops and fends the ball through square leg. Hares back for the second;
28.4;1;Starc to Babar Azam, 1 run short on leg stump, Azam shuffles inside the line and just deflects the ball down to fine leg;
28.3;1;Starc to Malik, 1 run very full and angling away outside off, 145.9ks, squeezes a drive to Cummins at extra cover;
28.2;1;Starc to Babar Azam, 1 run back of a length and outside off, carves a drive to Handscomb, who mops it up in the deep;
28.2;1w;Starc to Babar Azam, 1 wide very full and just a shade outside leg, misses the pad, misses leg stump. Wide;
28.1;4;Starc to Babar Azam, FOUR runs full and outside off, Azam opens the face of the bat and drives it to the left of sweeper cover. Handscomb runs across and lets it the ball through to the boundary;
27.6;?;Zampa to Malik, no run turning legbreak outside off, Malik gropes outside off with no feet and watches the ball pass the outside edge;
27.5;1;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 run slides on, very full on middle, driven down to long-off on the front foot;
27.4;1;Zampa to Malik, 1 run length-ball legbreak outside off. Malik goes back and guides through point;
27.3;1;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 run down the track and mis-times a drive to cover;
27.2;?;Zampa to Babar Azam, no run full and straight on middle, gets forward and pushes it back to Zampa;
27.1;4;Zampa to Babar Azam, FOUR runs tossed up on middle, full, Babar stays leg-side of the ball and drives it inside-out over extra cover. Beats long-off in the deep. Excellent execution;
26.6;?;Starc to Malik, no run bouncer, angling away outside off, Malik drops his wrists on it;
26.5;?;Starc to Malik, no run slightly overpitched and outside off, Malik leans into a drive and finds extra cover;
26.4;?;Starc to Malik, no run back of a length on middle, 145.9ks, played back to the bowler;
26.3;W;Starc to Hafeez, OUT good length and slanting away outside off, 147.4ks, Hafeez drives away from the body and sends an outside edge flying to the left of Smith. Starc comes back and what does he do? Takes two wickets in space of six balls and jolts the chase;Mohammad Hafeez c Smith b Starc 3 (8m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
26.2;?;Starc to Hafeez, no run ripping yorker on off, 146.6ks, squeezed back to the bowler, who has an aim at the stumps;
26.1;?;Starc to Hafeez, no run nice and full on off, 145.3ks, defended;
25.6;1;Zampa to Hafeez, 1 run short legbreak, turns away outside off, the batsman gets on top of it and flays a cut to deep point;
25.5;1;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 run looped up on middle, chipped to long-off;
25.4;1;Zampa to Hafeez, 1 run non-turning legbreak, which is calmly push-driven to long-off on the front foot;
25.3;1;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 run short and wide outside off, cracked on the back foot to sweeper for a fifty;
25.2;?;Zampa to Babar Azam, no run might have been a googly, zips in, inside-edged onto the pad, Azam weathers the lbw appeal;
25.1;1;Zampa to Hafeez, 1 run Zampa hangs it up in the air, full on middle, pushed back down the pitch;
24.6;?;Starc to Babar Azam, no run quick lifter on the leg stump, Azam watches it carefully and ducks under it. Only nine off the last three overs. Sharjeel fell to the scoreboard pressure;
24.5;?;Starc to Babar Azam, no run full and angling away, driven past Starc's right to mid-on;
24.4;W;Starc to Sharjeel, OUT Starc returns and bounces out Sharjeel. Wade sensibly moves to his right and tracks down the skier with the big gloves. Starc runs in hard and hits the deck harder. Rapid chest-high short delivery just outside off. Sharjeel is late onto the hook and skies a catch to Wade;Sharjeel Khan c ?Wade b Starc 79 (105m 69b 9x4 2x6) SR: 114.49;
24.3;1;Starc to Babar Azam, 1 run inswinging yorker on middle and leg, squirted to mid-on;
24.2;?;Starc to Babar Azam, no run yorker, slanting away outside off, Babar can't jam it out;
24.1;?;Starc to Babar Azam, no run pitched up and angling away outside off, gets forward and drives it back to the bowler;
23.6;?;Zampa to Sharjeel, no run pushed through flat on middle and leg, not much turn, camps back and punchily blocks back to Zampa;
23.5;1;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 run sliding into the leg stump, punched down to long-on;
23.4;1;Zampa to Sharjeel, 1 run lobbed up outside off, turns away, Sharjeel reads the wrong'un. The length was short, which helped Sharjeel, and he punched to long-off on the back foot;
23.3;1;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 run another shorter legbreak outside off, back-foot force to deep point;
23.2;1;Zampa to Sharjeel, 1 run full and straight, Sharjeel plays back and flicks past midwicket's left. Smith chases the ball, slides and tests his ankle out;
23.1;1;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 run legbreak, dragged short and turns outside off, stands tall and punches to long-off;
22.6;1;Faulkner to Babar Azam, 1 run back of the hand slower ball outside off, tapped away through point. Just four off the over after 14 off the previous one;
22.5;1;Faulkner to Sharjeel, 1 run very full and wide outside off, Sharjeel crunches a drive on the up to Starc at deep point;
22.4;1;Faulkner to Babar Azam, 1 run dug short on middle, swatted straight down the ground with a flat bat;
22.3;?;Faulkner to Babar Azam, no run tight line just a shade outside off, opens the face and runs the ball to point. Three dots after a 14-run over;
22.2;?;Faulkner to Babar Azam, no run back of a length and wide outside off, Azam scythes a back-foot cut and finds point;
22.1;?;Faulkner to Babar Azam, no run back of a length and outside off, front-foot punch to Cooper at mid-off;
21.6;6;Zampa to Sharjeel, SIX runs Zampa throws it up outside off, Sharjeel takes it on. He opens up his shoulders, swings it mightily across the line and dumps Zampa over the wide long-on fence;
21.5;1;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 run shorter legbreak, turns away outside off, Babar goes hard on the cut, loses his shape, and chops the ball square on the off side;
21.4;1;Zampa to Sharjeel, 1 run slides on the leg stump, slog-swept away square of short fine leg;
21.3;?;Zampa to Sharjeel, no run change-up, quicker, hurrying ball. Defended;
21.2;?;Zampa to Sharjeel, no run Zampa dives to his right and deflects the ball back onto the stumps, appeals, but Babar is in. Tossed-up legbreak, nearly scooped back to the bowler. The ball just dies in front of him. Babar backed up, but is back by the time the bail comes off the groove;
21.1;6;Zampa to Sharjeel, SIX runs tossed up very slower through the air on off, 79ks, Sharjeel sizes it up and swings it over midwicket, clears Starc in the deep;
20.6;?;Faulkner to Babar Azam, no run length ball outside off, opens the face, and runs it away towards backward point. You can't take on Maxwell's arm;
20.5;1;Faulkner to Sharjeel, 1 run slower ball outside off or on off, back of the hand, shovelled away with the bottom hand to long-on;
20.4;1;Faulkner to Babar Azam, 1 run full on off, Azam hangs back, twirls his wrists and flicks smartly through midwicket;
20.3;?;Faulkner to Babar Azam, no run wide of the crease and angles a short ball into a back-foot punch to mid-on;
20.2;1;Faulkner to Sharjeel, 1 run full and wide outside off, flat-batted away to the right of mid-off;
20.1;1;Faulkner to Babar Azam, 1 run back of a length and slanted in, picked off through midwicket;
19.6;?;Zampa to Sharjeel, no run flighted on the leg stump, swept straight to Faulkner at short fine leg;
19.5;1;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 run dropped short and wide outside off, Azam is quick to rock back and cut to sweeper;
19.4;?;Zampa to Babar Azam, no run another quick, flat legbreak, which is slashed away to point;
19.3;?;Zampa to Babar Azam, no run slides on flatter and quicker, this time he mis-times a drive straight to extra cover;
19.2;2;Zampa to Babar Azam, 2 runs length-ball legbreak, driven to the left of extra cover;
19.1;3;Zampa to Sharjeel, 3 runs tossed up on middle and leg spins down the leg side, Sharjeel goes low and paddles it fine of Faulkner, I think, at short fine leg for the century stand;
18.6;1;Head to Sharjeel, 1 run short and wide outside off, Sharjeel goes deep in the crease as flat-bats a cut to sweeper on the off side;
18.5;1;Head to Babar Azam, 1 run full and slides across off, driven in the gap at extra cover;
18.4;1;Head to Sharjeel, 1 run short offbreak outside off, goes back and lashes a square-cut to deep point;
18.3;4;Head to Sharjeel, FOUR runs dropped fractionally short and outside off, Sharjeel is really quick to skip back and put it over midwicket with a pull;
18.2;1;Head to Babar Azam, 1 run pushed through flatter as Azam comes down the track and works a single to long-on;
18.1;1;Head to Sharjeel, 1 run looped up outside off, Sharjeel scoops up in the air, in front of long-off;
17.6;1;Zampa to Sharjeel, 1 run slower legbreak, turns in, nurdled to midwicket with soft hands;
17.5;1;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 run nice and full, non-turning break on middle, driven down to long-off;
17.4;?;Zampa to Babar Azam, no run tossed up full on off, driven to extra cover;
17.4;2w;Zampa to Sharjeel, 2 wide fired down the leg side, the ball bobbles out of Wade's gloves, and they sneak across;
17.3;1;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 run slides on, flat and outside off, eased down to long-off;
17.2;?;Zampa to Babar Azam, no run length ball outside off, Babar throws his hands at the ball and inside-edges the ball just past off stump;
17.1;?;Zampa to Babar Azam, no run dragged down on middle, camps back and forces the ball to mid-on;
16.6;1;Head to Babar Azam, 1 run down the track, Azam gets close enough to the pitch and drives a single down to long-on;
16.5;1;Head to Sharjeel, 1 run full and slides on middle, driven down to long-off. Three half-centuries in a row for Sharjeel;
16.4;1;Head to Babar Azam, 1 run whipped off the pads through the vacant spaces at midwicket. There's protection in the deep;
16.3;?;Head to Babar Azam, no run tossed up on the pads from around the wicket, nurdled to square leg;
16.2;1;Head to Sharjeel, 1 run short and outside off again, this is flat-batted away to long-off;
16.1;?;Head to Sharjeel, no run drops it short and outside off, Sharjeel goes back and chops to point;
15.6;1;Zampa to Sharjeel, 1 run spinning into the hips, short-arm pulled away to deep square leg;
15.5;4;Zampa to Sharjeel, FOUR runs chipped just over the head of mid-off.... and rolls away to the boundary. Tossed-up legbreak outside off, dips, creating some distance between the bat and the pitch. Sharjeel goes through with the lofted drive and ends up chipping in the air. He could have been out. Instead, gets a boundary;
15.4;?;Zampa to Sharjeel, no run loopier on middle, non-turning ball, bunted to midwicket;
15.3;1;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 run shorter legbreak outside off, Azam moves back and punches it to the left of Zampa;
15.2;1;Zampa to Sharjeel, 1 run spins into the pads, whipped along the ground to deep square leg;
15.1;1;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 run full on middle, no turn, easily driven to long-off;
14.6;1;Cummins to Babar Azam, 1 run back of a length and holds its line outside off, crisply punched on the back foot past Maxwell's right at backward point. He dives and takes some pace off the ball;
14.5;1;Cummins to Sharjeel, 1 run back of a length and sliding away outside off, Sharjeel rides the bounce and nudges a single down to third man;
14.4;4;Cummins to Sharjeel, FOUR runs fractionally short and outside off, Sharjeel loves it there. He leans back and scythes a cut to the left of diving backward point. Whistles away to the fence;
14.3;?;Cummins to Sharjeel, no run short and outside off, bursts off the surface, jumps over Sharjeel's attempted upper-cut;
14.2;1;Cummins to Babar Azam, 1 run dug short and outside off, 140.4ks, Babar camps back and swats it away to Starc running around at deep square leg;
14.1;1;Cummins to Sharjeel, 1 run short of a length and angling away outside off, 146ks, steered down to third man for a single;
13.6;?;Zampa to Babar Azam, no run tossed up outside off, gets forward for a checked punch to short cover;
13.5;2;Zampa to Babar Azam, 2 runs shot! That's a full ball outside off, and he's pretty much square-cut that, picks up two towards deep point;
13.4;?;Zampa to Babar Azam, no run back of a length on off stump. Wants to punch that to long-on but short midwicket moves quickly to intercept;
13.3;1;Zampa to Sharjeel, 1 run full on middle and leg, clipped to deep midwicket;
13.2;?;Zampa to Sharjeel, no run length ball on off stump, blocked back to the bowler;
13.1;?;Zampa to Sharjeel, no run tossed up on middle stump, driven to mid-off;
12.6;?;Cummins to Babar Azam, no run short, angling into off and middle. Hops to get on top of the bounce and defends into the off side;
12.5;?;Cummins to Babar Azam, no run back of a length on off stump, straightens just a touch. Wanted to work that into the leg side, but checked himself and didn't close his bat face in the end. Adjusted to the movement by playing with a straight bat towards cover;
12.4;?;Cummins to Babar Azam, no run length ball on off stump, defended into the off side;
12.3;1;Cummins to Sharjeel, 1 run shortish on middle stump, Sharjeel works it away through square leg;
12.2;1;Cummins to Babar Azam, 1 run short outside off, lets it come on and rolls his wrists over at the top of the bounce to steer it down to third man;
12.1;4;Cummins to Babar Azam, FOUR runs oooh, whatashot! Full, angling into off stump, and Babar just meets it with the full face showing and drives to the left of mid-on;
11.6;4;Faulkner to Sharjeel, FOUR runs shortish, close to off stump, and that's well played. A whip-pull with front leg raised to send it speeding away to the square leg boundary;
11.5;?;Faulkner to Sharjeel, no run fullish on off stump, gets forward to block to cover;
11.4;1;Faulkner to Babar Azam, 1 run back of a length on middle stump, shuffles across to work it to deep square leg;
11.3;4;Faulkner to Babar Azam, FOUR runs short outside off, and that's a super shot. Packed off-side field on the 30-yard circle, and he gets on top of the bounce and slaps it away to the left of cover point;
11.2;?;Faulkner to Babar Azam, no run back of a length on off stump, punched back firmly to the bowler;
11.1;1;Faulkner to Sharjeel, 1 run short outside off, slapped away to deep point;
10.6;?;Cummins to Babar Azam, no run bouncer, Babar ducks under it;
10.5;2;Cummins to Babar Azam, 2 runs shortish, rising over middle stump. Babar shuffles across to whip it away through square leg;
10.4;2;Cummins to Babar Azam, 2 runs length ball outside off, and that's a lovely shot, driven on the up between cover point and cover, and Warner chases back from cover and dives full-length to pull it back from the rope;
10.3;?;Cummins to Babar Azam, no run back of a length, swinging in just a bit towards off stump. Lets it come on and dabs towards point;
10.2;?;Cummins to Babar Azam, no run ooh. Having brought the previous ball back in, he gets this to straighten. A little fuller, and Babar pushes forward at it without getting a big stride in, and it beats the outside edge of his defensive bat;
10.1;?;Cummins to Babar Azam, no run back of a length, some inward movement towards off stump to cramp Babar. Wants to punch through the covers, can only play it back to the bowler in the end;
9.6;4;Faulkner to Sharjeel, FOUR runs full on off and middle, and that's an excellent shot, flicks it in the air, in the gap to the right of midwicket, and beats the fielder running to his left from long-on;
9.5;1;Faulkner to Babar Azam, 1 run back of a length on off stump, opens up a touch to be able to whip this to deep midwicket;
9.4;?;Faulkner to Babar Azam, no run back of a length outside off, punched to cover point;
9.3;?;Faulkner to Babar Azam, no run length ball slanting across the stumps. Wants to drive through cover but the ball doesn't quite come on, and he ends up inside-edging into his pads;
9.2;?;Faulkner to Babar Azam, no run back of a length close to off stump, blocked back to the bowler;
9.1;1;Faulkner to Sharjeel, 1 run starts with a short ball on off stump, pulled to deep square leg;
8.6;1;Cummins to Sharjeel, 1 run length ball close to off stump, pushed gently towards cover-point, who's right on the edge of the circle, and Sharjeel picks up another sharp single;
8.5;?;Cummins to Sharjeel, no run shortish, not enough width to cut, can't play it as square as he'd like, straight to the fielder at cover point;
8.4;?;Cummins to Sharjeel, no run full on off stump, driven back straight and Cummins asks for a run-out. He thinks he's got a hand on it to deflect the ball into the stumps. Was Babar inside his crease? Let's see what the replays say. Looks like there was the tiniest touch of the fingertip... but Babar has stretched back and made his ground comfortably.;
8.3;1;Cummins to Babar Azam, 1 run back of a length outside off, punched to the left of mid-off;
8.2;1;Cummins to Sharjeel, 1 run once again, fullish and attacking the stumps. Sharjeel lets it come on, meets it with soft hands, and drops it into the off side for a quick single;
8.1;?;Cummins to Sharjeel, no run fullish, angling towards middle stump from over the wicket. Sharjeel defends back to the bowler;
7.6;1;Hazlewood to Sharjeel, 1 run bouncer over off stump, Sharjeel is beaten for pace as he tries to hook this. Top-edge loops up dangerously but lands a fair distance from the man running towards the boundary from short fine leg;
7.5;?;Hazlewood to Sharjeel, no run short and wide again, beaten this time. May have connected with the cut had he moved his back foot across a little quicker;
7.4;4;Hazlewood to Sharjeel, FOUR runs short, wide, slashed away to the left of a desperately diving backward point fielder;
7.3;2;Hazlewood to Sharjeel, 2 runs back of a length close to off stump, and that's nicely played, whipped against the angle to the left of long-on;
7.2;4;Hazlewood to Sharjeel, FOUR runs full now, overpitched, and Sharjeel puts it away, meets it with a nice, free swing of his bat to send it running away between cover and cover point;
7.1;?;Hazlewood to Sharjeel, no run back of a length on off stump. Sharjeel plays it with an angled bat and dabs towards short third man;
6.6;?;Starc to Babar Azam, no run full on off stump, driven firmly but too close to mid-off, who stops it with a tumble to his right;
6.5;?;Starc to Babar Azam, no run short outside off, maybe not enough width to cut. Jabs at it instead, looking to hit through point or maybe to third man, and the ball bounces extra and beats his edge;
6.4;1;Starc to Sharjeel, 1 run full on off stump, clipped to the right of the diving midwicket fielder;
6.3;?;Starc to Sharjeel, no run full on off stump, a bit of away swerve, punched back to the bowler;
6.2;4;Starc to Sharjeel, FOUR runs short, angling into the body, and this time Sharjeel times his swivel to get his body out of the way and bring his bat around to pull to the midwicket boundary. Toe-ended it, but at least he met it with his bat this time;
6.1;1;Starc to Babar Azam, 1 run full on off stump, check-driven to the left of mid-off;
5.6;1;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, 1 run ooh, excellent ball. Full outside off, wider than the previous balls, but not a half-volley. Reaches away from his body to drive and it straightens to take his edge, runs away down to third man;
5.5;?;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, no run drags his length back slightly, Babar gets forward to defend into the covers;
5.4;?;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, no run fullish outside off, driven on the up to mid-off;
5.3;?;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, no run fullish, close to off stump, defended into the covers;
5.3;1w;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, 1 wide full, down the leg side. Can't connect with the flick;
5.2;?;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, no run length ball on off stump, delivers from slightly wider of the crease, defended back towards the bowler;
5.1;?;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, no run length ball on off stump, punched to mid-on;
4.6;?;Starc to Sharjeel, no run fullish, close to off stump, pushed into the point region;
4.5;?;Starc to Sharjeel, no run And again. Sharjeel is too closed-off against this shortish ball angling into his body, and it ends up hitting him on his uplifted thigh;
4.4;?;Starc to Sharjeel, no run and again, shortish ball cramping Sharjeel for room. Ends up hitting him on the body as he tries to tuck it into the leg side;
4.3;?;Starc to Sharjeel, no run short, cramps up Sharjeel as he shapes to pull. Only manages a feeble swat to square leg;
4.2;3;Starc to Babar Azam, 3 runs low full-toss on middle stump, moves his front leg out of the way to account for the swing and brings a straight bat down to clip to the right of mid-on;
4.1;?;Starc to Babar Azam, no run length ball close to off stump, defended into the covers;
3.6;4;Hazlewood to Sharjeel, FOUR runs shot! That's a length ball, but he's offered just a bit of width, and he sets himself up on a lovely stable base and lets his arms flow through the line of the ball to send it racing between cover and mid-off;
3.5;?;Hazlewood to Sharjeel, no run full on off stump, jabbed to mid-on;
3.4;?;Hazlewood to Sharjeel, no run is that another lbw? Simon Fry says no. Full, and from that angle it needs to be full to get the left-hander. Nope, pitching outside leg and probably missing too. Looks to flick it and the swing beats his edge;
3.3;?;Hazlewood to Sharjeel, no run back of a length, a bit of swing towards middle stump to cramp Sharjeel. Defended back towards the bowler;
3.2;3;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, 3 runs full, close to off stump, Babar shows the full face of his bat to punch down the ground, to the left of mid-on;
3.1;?;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, no run this one does swing, just a little, starts on a fifth-stump line and Babar leaves it alone;
3.1;1w;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, 1 wide length ball, was looking for the one that swings away from the line of the stumps, but it doesn't swing and ends up going down the leg side;
2.6;1;Starc to Babar Azam, 1 run very full, wide of off, opens his bat face to jab it to third man;
2.5;?;Starc to Babar Azam, no run fullish, close to off stump, defended to mid-off, shows the full face;
2.4;W;Starc to Azhar Ali, OUT gone! Full, swinging in, and it's so hard to drag your front leg away from those. He's forced to play across it, misses it by a long way, and he doesn't bother reviewing. I'd like to see ball-tracking anyway - seemed like there was just a bit of a chance it may have swung down the leg side. Nope. Hitting the middle of leg stump, it says;Azhar Ali lbw b Starc 6 (12m 8b 1x4 0x6) SR: 75;
2.3;4;Starc to Azhar Ali, FOUR runs another full-toss, low, but this one is way outside off stump. Azhar reaches out, meets it with a horizontal bat, and stabs it to the right of the diving Maxwell at backward point;
2.2;?;Starc to Azhar Ali, no run low full-toss on off stump, jams his bat down to block to mid-on;
2.1;?;Starc to Azhar Ali, no run full-toss, and that must hurt. Fast, at the batsman, and swinging in late. Looks to flick it hurriedly and only manages an inside-edge onto the inside of his left thigh;

Here's Babar Azam
 Innings Start
Australia
Pakistan
5th ODI (D/N), Adelaide, Jan 26 2017, Pakistan tour of Australia
369/7
312
Player of the match is David Warner, AUS
Australia won by 57 runs
