Data
SL finish with 286, a bit of an under-achievement given how well they were set up, but I dare say they would have taken it at the start of the match. Australia won't have an easy chase under lights this time, this pitch has a bit of everything for the bowlers. We should be back in about 15 minutes, ie at 1835 for the chase.
49.6;W;Watson to Eranga, OUT Watson messes up the stumps with the perfect yorker. Eranga plays the copy book straight drive, but can't connect.;Shaminda Eranga b Watson 2 (8m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
49.5;1;Watson to Malinga, 1 run length ball to Malinga who clatters a mis-timed swipe to mid-on for one... One ball to go.;
49.4;1;Watson to Eranga, 1 run full and straight, he hangs back in the crease and forces it to mid-off for a single.;
49.3;W;Watson to Mahela Jayawardene, OUT and he's gone after playing a little gem. Watson keeps it full and angling in again, Mahela looks to whip-lash over deep square leg, but finds the fielder. SL were completely losing course when he came in, and kept losing wickets. He saw them through a tricky phase and opened up at the very end.;Mahela Jayawardene c Hussey b Watson 36 (67m 33b 3x4 1x6) SR: 109.09;
49.2;6;Watson to Mahela Jayawardene, SIX runs Oh Mahela, you thing of absolute beauty! He's standing deep in the crease, and then even as Watto gets into his delivery stride he shuffles across to off stump and squares up for a full length ball. It comes, and he laps it around with sublime timing. Over short fine leg. Over where deep fine leg will be. Over the ropes. By some distance. What stupendous timing!;
49.1;1;Watson to Eranga, 1 run full and coming in towards the stumps, Eranga drives down to long-on for a single;
49.1;1w;Watson to Eranga, 1 wide and it a zippy bouncer that he can't connect with. Called a wide for height again.;
48.6;?;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, no run low full toss wide of off stump at 141 kph and Mahela is livid with himself for having missed out on the square drive.;
48.5;W;Johnson to Kulasekara, OUT Kula falls in the search for boundaries, backs away to a short of length ball and looks to hoist it over the covers. Didn't get much timing into that shot, and an easy catch for the deep point fielder running in.;Nuwan Kulasekara c Hussey b Johnson 4 (10m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
48.4;1;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run Mitch goes round the wicket and angles it in in an attempt to cut off all width. Mahela works him with the angle to deep midwicket for one.;
48.3;4;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs another stunner! Back of a length ball, angling across without offering any room, Mahela stays put on the crease and booms it over the top of extra cover. All timing, and he nearly gets six through the toughest area to time a ball in the cricket field. Off a good ball. Against a very good fast bowler. Wow!;
48.2;4;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs another one from the top-drawer. Mahela again makes his own room as he backs away and threads a cut through point. An inch of width was all Mitch offered, Mahela took a foot and more out of it!;
48.1;1;Johnson to Kulasekara, 1 run back of a length to Kula, he stands behind the line and taps a single into the off sode.;
47.6;4;Watson to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs Mahela's brilliance is encapsulated in that shot. It is the 48th over of an ODI, the time when people are looking to whack the leather off the cherry. Not Mahela though. He gets a touch of width outside off, not the right length for the drive, and he makes his own pace using those silken wrists. Coaxed through point, and it leaves Watson in agony. Supreme.;
47.5;?;Watson to Mahela Jayawardene, no run Watson escapes another near wide. This was on the tram line outside off stump. Very lucky to get away with that.;
47.4;1;Watson to Kulasekara, 1 run Kula looks to drive down the ground and gets a single to long on despite mistiming it.;
47.3;1;Watson to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run aha, Mahela shapes for the scooped sweep and then notices the ball was outside off and decided to alter his shot. He ended up steering it straight to Ponting at point and they get a single.;
47.2;2;Watson to Mahela Jayawardene, 2 runs Mahela gets a touch of width outside off and guides expertly to third man. Mitch screams across and dives to stop the boundary. Relentless from the Aussies.;
47.1;1;Watson to Kulasekara, 1 run full ball, drilled right back and Watson does well to slow it down. Single taken, and it is over to Mahela.;
46.6;1;Johnson to Kulasekara, 1 run length ball on off stump to end the over, Kula forces it into the covers to open his account.;
46.5;?;Johnson to Kulasekara, no run nearly a wide on the other side, he gets away with it just inside the off side tram line.;
46.5;1w;Johnson to Kulasekara, 1 wide Mitch angles this too far down the leg side and it is a wide.;
46.4;W;Johnson to Jeevan Mendis, OUT another one bites a dust. Mitch gets into the act and Jeevan is out, as plumb an lbw as you will see. Full, pacy and curving in towards middle and leg. Jeevan ambitiously plonked the front foot forward and looked to slam it over the leg side, and ended up playing all over it. The umpire's decision was quick, he's pinned in front of middle and leg.;Jeevan Mendis lbw b Johnson 1 (5m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
46.3;1;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run Mahela pinches a single, forcing a length ball to mid-off.;
46.2;1;Johnson to Jeevan Mendis, 1 run whanged in back of a length, Jeevan dabs it to Ponting at point. Needless throw in hindsight to the bowler's end, hits the stumps and runs away for an overthrow.;
46.1;1;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run slow bouncer, 125 kph and it comes on late as Mahela rolls his wrists on the pull and gets a single to deep backward square leg. Poor running, really, that should have been two.;
45.6;?;Lee to Jeevan Mendis, no run full and pacy outside off, Jeevan gets across and defends.;
45.5;W;Lee to Silva, OUT appeal for a freaky catch. What's happened there? Yorker scorching in towards leg stump, it hits Silva's left foot on the full and then, as it comes up, it hits the bat which was completing a flick and pops up tamely to midwicket. A pad-bat catch.;Chamara Silva c Smith b Lee 9 (23m 17b 1x4 0x6) SR: 52.94;
45.4;?;Lee to Silva, no run another near yorker on the stumps, Silva looks to work it to the leg side and finds the fielder at midwicket.;
45.3;1;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run short outside off, Mahela jumps with the bounce and cuts down to a very square third man for one.;
45.2;1;Lee to Silva, 1 run short ball on middle and off, Silva skips inside the line and works it through backward square leg for a single.;
45.1;1;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run Lee pitches it up outside off, Mahela makes room and drives solidly to deep cover for one.;
44.6;1;Bollinger to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run Silva would have slashed it, but Mahela steers it. Width outside off, guided to third man. Bollinger's stunning spell comes to an end. He has 4 wickets, could have easily had Tharanga out on at least 5 more occasions in his first spell.;
44.5;1;Bollinger to Silva, 1 run width outside off again and Silva goes for that sumptuous cut once more. Single to deep cover.;
44.4;?;Bollinger to Silva, no run pitched up and angled across, Silva seemed late in getting forward and drove it straight to cover.;
44.4;1w;Bollinger to Silva, 1 wide bouncer goes awry, it slips down the leg side and past Silva's pull. Hadding appeals for a gloved catch, but it is called a wide. Sheepish looks all around.;
44.3;?;Bollinger to Silva, no run and he immediately cuts the width this time, Silva stays on the crease and blocks it to the off side.;
44.2;4;Bollinger to Silva, FOUR runs short and wide, Silva latches on with a gritty slash. Not much of a backlift, he throws the bat at it and carves it away nicely. First four in six overs.;
44.1;1;Bollinger to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run Bolly throws it full and wide of off stump, Mahela drives it through the covers for one.;
43.6;1;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run plays the on-drive this time, and gets a single down to wide long-on.;
43.5;?;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, no run short and pacy outside off this time, Mahela was clearly late on his attempted guide to third man. Was he expecting the fuller ball? Swish and a miss.;
43.4;?;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, no run and the bouncer comes out of no where and catches Mahela by surprise. He weaves away.;
43.3;?;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, no run another yorker on off stump, Mahela tamely plays it straight to cover.;
43.2;1;Lee to Silva, 1 run another near yorker, low full toss that has Silva stumbling over as he moves to save the toes. This is stupendous bowling.;
43.1;1;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run Lee hurls it up full on the blockhole and Mahela drives it down the ground for one.;
42.6;1lb;Bollinger to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 leg bye trapped on the crease with a length ball ducking in towards middle and leg. Big appeal from Bolly, but it's not upheld. They scramble for a single and it is declared a leg-bye.;
42.5;2;Bollinger to Mahela Jayawardene, 2 runs Mahela guides a drive into the covers for a couple.;
42.4;1lb;Bollinger to Silva, 1 leg bye targets the pads this time, Silva shuffles across and looks to work it to the leg side. Single taken, off the pad.;
42.3;?;Bollinger to Silva, no run Silva is getting stuck here. He guides a length ball straight to point.;
42.2;1;Bollinger to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run over-pitched but it is a slower ball that stops on Mahela and he mistimes the drive again. They get the single though.;
42.1;?;Bollinger to Mahela Jayawardene, no run full pitched and angling across, Mahela looks to cover-drive but mistimes it.;
41.6;?;Lee to Silva, no run Silva looks at sea here. Lee hustles him with a pacy straight ball, short of a length, and it is played without conviction to the off side.;
41.5;1;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run Lee gets this to duck in alarmingly off the seam, Mahela manages to get a single away to the off side.;
41.4;?;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, no run Mahela looks mortified as the umpire refuses to call it a wide as Lee slides a short ball down the leg side. Ah, it flicked his flannel as it passed, but he didn't feel that, clearly.;
41.3;1;Lee to Silva, 1 run Silva gets the single this time, a laborious drive to the left of Watson at mid-off, who hurls the throw in but misses as Silva dives in.;
41.2;?;Lee to Silva, no run yorker from Lee, and SL are losing momentum in a hurry. Silva tamely plays it back to the bowler, not much he could have done with it.;
41.1;?;Lee to Silva, no run short ball, Silva hangs back and works it to the leg side. He is desperate for a single, but there is none to be taken.;
40.6;1;Bollinger to Silva, 1 run full pitched outside off, Silva dabs it into the off side for a single.;
40.5;?;Bollinger to Silva, no run short of a length, pushes Silva onto the back foot and he defends into the covers.;
40.4;?;Bollinger to Silva, no run full pitched on off stump, Chamara mistimes the drive into the off side and finds point.;
40.3;W;Bollinger to Upul Tharanga, OUT Irony once again. Tharanga has edged so many times today, he has played and missed so many times today. He falls to Bollinger, who caused him most of the problems today, but it is not an edge! Short of a length ball on off stump, Tharanga tries to back away and guide it to third man, and ends up steering it straight into Haddin's gloves. Straight off the face of the blade. Good innings, but Tharanga will be the first to admit he's played much better than this several times.;Upul Tharanga c ?Haddin b Bollinger 111 (182m 139b 12x4 0x6) SR: 79.85;
40.3;1w;Bollinger to Upul Tharanga, 1 wide bouncer attempted, and it is called a wide this time. Fair call, it was over Tharanga's head as he looked to guide it to third man.;
40.2;1;Bollinger to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run over-pitched on off stump, Mahela digs it out to mid-off for a single.;
40.1;1;Bollinger to Upul Tharanga, 1 run dodgy single, but Smith misses the stumps. Short of a length on middle and Tharanga mistimes it straight to midwicket. Would have been out by a mile if Smith hit.;
39.6;1;Lee to Upul Tharanga, 1 run half-volley to end the over but he gets away with it as Tharanga drives down the ground to a very straight long-off.;
39.5;?;Lee to Upul Tharanga, no run low full toss angling in and cramping Tharanga who manages to time the cover drive well, but finds the fielder.;
39.4;?;Lee to Upul Tharanga, no run bouncer again, they are using it as a dot-ball option. Tharanga ducks and looks at the leg umpire immediately.;
39.3;1;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run on the pads, Mahela tucks it gingerly through midwicket to open his account.;
39.2;?;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, no run top yorker from Lee, Mahela quietly defends it as it sears in.;
39.1;1;Lee to Upul Tharanga, 1 run short of a length just outside off, Tharanga steers it down to third man for one.;
38.6;?;Bollinger to Mahela Jayawardene, no run and Mahela is away with a beautiful dri ... Scratch that! Smith at cover dives away acrobatically to stop it. Australia at their best.;
38.5;?;Bollinger to Mahela Jayawardene, no run and a lovely bouncer here, gets as close to Mahela's bat as possible without getting the feather. He does well to drop the wrists at the last moment.;
38.4;?;Bollinger to Mahela Jayawardene, no run back of a length on the stumps, he is solidly behind the line as he defends.;
38.3;W;Bollinger to Chandimal, OUT stunning catch! Australia are rallying here. That's a replay of his dismissal from the first game. Bolly angles it across Chandimal who again pushes across and feels for it, away from the body. It takes the edge and flies to the left of Clarke at the only slip, he dives away and fumbles it as he goes for it with both hands, but clutches to it behind him on the rebound, using the left hand.;Dinesh Chandimal c Clarke b Bollinger 4 (2m 2b 1x4 0x6) SR: 200;
38.2;4;Bollinger to Chandimal, FOUR runs Chandimal is away with a gorgeous drive! What a talent. It was a length ball, and Chandimal if anything was early on the drive. He gets it down the ground. Lovely hit.;
38.1;W;Bollinger to Sangakkara, OUT and a wicket straight away! He's ducked this one full on the leg stump, Sanga misses the flick and it is hit on the pads. Umpire Ranmore Martinesz (what a name!) gave that immediately, and Sanga referred it on Tharanga's advice. No luck. Pitches on the stumps as he shuffles across, hits in front of middle and it is more than clipping leg. The decision stays and SL take a bit of a blow at the start of the Powerplay.;Kumar Sangakkara lbw b Bollinger 49 (62m 37b 3x4 2x6) SR: 132.43;
37.6;1;Lee to Sangakkara, 1 run similar line, Sanga drills it down to long-on for a single. Australia are looking good for a big score here.;
37.5;?;Lee to Sangakkara, no run full on off stump, Sanga guides it off the outer half straight to a diving point.;
37.4;1;Lee to Upul Tharanga, 1 run width outside off, Tharanga drives it into the covers for a single.;
37.3;4;Lee to Upul Tharanga, FOUR runs bang! Lee pitches it in Tharanga's half and he frees his arms with glee. Stays in the crease, keeps the head down and launches this imperiously, almost all the way over midwicket. It was such a good shot that umpire Rauf signalled six straight away. It's just short though.;
37.2;1;Lee to Sangakkara, 1 run width outside off this time, Sanga drives into the covers for a single.;
37.1;1;Lee to Upul Tharanga, 1 run he's targeting the pads, looking to cut the angle and width. Tharanga nudges through square leg for a single.;
36.6;2;Watson to Sangakkara, 2 runs Watto drifts onto the pads again, Sanga nudges him easily through backward square leg and hares back for the inevitable second.;
36.5;1;Watson to Upul Tharanga, 1 run short ball that stops on him, Tharanga waits and keeps the pull down to deep midwicket.;
36.4;1;Watson to Sangakkara, 1 run Sanga clips a length ball angling in down through square leg for a single.;
36.3;1;Watson to Upul Tharanga, 1 run this one cuts in sharply, but Tharanga manages to guide it from the crease towards third man.;
36.2;1;Watson to Sangakkara, 1 run slower ball on off stump, Sanga taps it to the off side for a single.;
36.1;1;Watson to Upul Tharanga, 1 run Tharanga has 4 100s this year, that's more than anyone else! And that despite missing the five-match series against England. Angled in towards the pads and he nudges it down to fine leg for a single.;
35.6;6;Doherty to Sangakkara, SIX runs how did he time that so well? Sanga shimmies out, seemed to be well short of the pitch of the ball, but went through with the straight lofted drive. I initially thought he over-estimated the turn and it seemed to go off the outer half, but it just kept going and cleared the straight boundary with ease!;
35.5;?;Doherty to Sangakkara, no run this time he holds it back a touch and Sanga misses the sweep.;
35.4;4;Doherty to Sangakkara, FOUR runs there's rubbish bowling and then there is this. Doherty spears it onto middle and it turns further down even as Sanga shuffles inside the line and lashes the sweep into a very vacant backward square leg area for four.;
35.3;2;Doherty to Sangakkara, 2 runs flighted outside Sanga's off stump and he goes down on a knee to lace it into the covers for two more.;
35.2;1;Doherty to Upul Tharanga, 1 run Tharanga backs away and taps a ball turning in, into the covers for one more.;
35.1;1;Doherty to Sangakkara, 1 run tossed up and breaking in, Sanga nudges through midwicket and they settle for one. Should have been two again.;
34.6;4;Lee to Upul Tharanga, FOUR runs A tale of Dr. Upul and Mr. Tharanga today. In the middle of all those plays, misses and edges, he's played some utterly sublime shorts. Lee's legcutter lands short and comes in to cramp Tharanga, who still manages to time the square cut expertly for four.;
34.5;2;Lee to Upul Tharanga, 2 runs Lee angles this well in from wide of the crease and Tharanga quietly turns it away off the pads through midwicket.;
34.4;1;Lee to Sangakkara, 1 run over-pitched on off stump, Sanga drives it on the move into the covers for a single.;
34.3;?;Lee to Sangakkara, no run full outside off, Sanga moves into the square drive nicely but finds the fielder.;
34.2;1;Lee to Upul Tharanga, 1 run Tharanga continues in his comic ways! Short ball zipping across him, Tharanga knew nothing of it and hung his bat at it, even as he seemed to be turning in another direction. And the ball ran away to third man for a single. Don't ask me how.;
34.1;1;Lee to Sangakkara, 1 run top-edged but safe. Sanga looks to clip him with the angle off the pads, but seemed to close the face a touch early. It ballooned up in the air, but landed safely around midwicket.;
33.6;1;Doherty to Sangakkara, 1 run Sanga skips out again, he's not to the flight and merely chips Doherty over the infield for one more.;
33.5;?;Doherty to Sangakkara, no run;
33.4;1;Doherty to Upul Tharanga, 1 run Tharanga works a single through the mid-on area for one.;
33.3;1;Doherty to Sangakkara, 1 run and now he goes through the off side, beautifully timed into the covers but he slips again while turning and they get only one.;
33.2;4;Doherty to Sangakkara, FOUR runs Sanga at his best, making the spinners look incidental, rather than a part of the story. He skips out, gets to the flight and lofts him over midwicket. Poetic.;
33.1;?;Doherty to Sangakkara, no run tossed up on off stump and defended.;
32.6;?;Johnson to Upul Tharanga, no run better, gets behind the line and drills a length ball back to Mitch.;
32.5;?;Johnson to Upul Tharanga, no run this Tharanga innings is becoming a study in the theatre of absurdity! Short ball, his timing seems to be deserting him now. He is early on the pull and toe-ends it cluelessly into the off side.;
32.4;1;Johnson to Sangakkara, 1 run superb yorker and Sanga does really well to dig it out and take off for a quick single. Johnson tears away to the off side to field it, but can't stop the single.;
32.3;1;Johnson to Upul Tharanga, 1 run on the pads, Tharanga works it through midwicket for a single.;
32.2;?;Johnson to Upul Tharanga, no run and a bouncer to follow up, Tharanga ducks under it. He's played a large number of dot balls recently, hasn't he ...;
32.1;?;Johnson to Upul Tharanga, no run Tharanga should invest in some lottery tickets today. He's been let off, though it would be unfair to term it a drop. Length ball from over the stumps and he absolutely clobbers it back to the bowler. Mitch gets his left hand to it, but it doesn't stick.;
31.6;?;Watson to Sangakkara, no run Sanga gets behind the line this time and defends down the track.;
31.5;?;Watson to Sangakkara, no run what happened there? Watson gets this to bounce extra off the seam and it hits the shoulder of Sanga's bat to pop up, safely, on the off side.;
31.4;4;Watson to Sangakkara, FOUR runs top-class batting. Sanga sashays down the pitch to an off-cutter and lofts it clean over mid-on for an imperious boundary.;
31.3;1;Watson to Upul Tharanga, 1 run pounds it in short, Tharanga goes for the pull and top-edges it to the vacant square leg area.;
31.2;?;Watson to Upul Tharanga, no run Tharanga smashes a length cross-seam ball back down the track and Watson does well to stop it on his follow through.;
31.1;1;Watson to Sangakkara, 1 run back of a length on off stump, Sanga opens the face to guide it towards third man for a single.;
30.6;?;Johnson to Upul Tharanga, no run a very quiet over that. Tharanga forces the cut off the last ball, and finds the man at cover-point.;
30.5;?;Johnson to Upul Tharanga, no run width outside off, too much of it and Tharanga can't reach it. Not called a wide, but quite close.;
30.4;?;Johnson to Upul Tharanga, no run he's attacking the pads here, and Tharanga does well to keep him out. Played into the on-side.;
30.3;?;Johnson to Upul Tharanga, no run bouncer, Tharanga gets under it and immediately checks to see the square-leg umpire's call ...;
30.2;1;Johnson to Sangakkara, 1 run and again on the pads, Sanga gets it away through square leg for a single.;
30.1;?;Johnson to Sangakkara, no run Mitch wangs another one into Sanga's pads and it is firmly on-driven to mid-on.;
29.6;?;Watson to Upul Tharanga, no run play and a miss outside off. Haddin's appealing for a catch. He clearly hasn't been watching the play closely enough. Tharanga hasn't nicked anything today, except when he's found the gaps.;
29.5;?;Watson to Upul Tharanga, no run another bouncer, and I am not quite sure why it isn't no-balled.;
29.4;?;Watson to Upul Tharanga, no run bouncer banged in with intent and a grunt. Not called a wide this time. He's using the bouncer as a dot ball option.;
29.3;?;Watson to Upul Tharanga, no run this one is on the pads and he punches it to mid-on.;
29.2;?;Watson to Upul Tharanga, no run Tharanga is still playing and missing outside off. Watson keeps it tight, back of a length outside off. Swish and miss, flat-footed and clueless.;
29.1;3;Watson to Sangakkara, 3 runs languid drive from Sanga, who leans into a full-pitched ball from Watson and sends it purring away almost all the way into the cover boundary.;
28.6;?;Johnson to Upul Tharanga, no run cuts him up with a late inducker that hits the pad.;
28.5;?;Johnson to Upul Tharanga, no run short ball on off stump, Tharanga defends from the crease.;
28.4;2;Johnson to Upul Tharanga, 2 runs ominous timing from Tharanga. He whips the offcutter through the gap between mid-on and a slow-moving Watson at midwicket. Still they only get a couple. Surely there was a third in there as Watto had to slide and haul it in on the boundary.;
28.3;?;Johnson to Upul Tharanga, no run back of a length outside off, Tharanga dabs it towards point from the crease.,;
28.2;2;Johnson to Upul Tharanga, 2 runs Mitch is getting the ball to reverse now, this swerves in sharp and late at Tharanga's pads and he does particularly well to time the flick through midwicket.;
28.1;1;Johnson to Sangakkara, 1 run Sanga shuffles well inside the line as Mitch sprays it down the leg side. Worked down to fine leg for a single.;
27.6;?;Watson to Upul Tharanga, no run length ball on off stump, Tharanga covers the line and defends into the off side.;
27.6;1w;Watson to Upul Tharanga, 1 wide heavy ball, he bumps it well short and it is called a wide eventually.;
27.5;2;Watson to Upul Tharanga, 2 runs similar ball, and Tharanga's timing them superbly now. Lovely steer in front of point this time and Mitch ambles across to cut it off. Cleanly this time.;
27.4;2;Watson to Upul Tharanga, 2 runs Mitch nearly fluffs a save at third man to concede four, but the ball stops near the boundary. Width outside off, Tharanga gets the cut away this time and they have only two despite Mitch's fumble.;
27.3;?;Watson to Upul Tharanga, no run short of a length, no width outside off but Tharanga looks to cut. Misses this time and it is through to Haddin.;
27.2;?;Watson to Upul Tharanga, no run back of a length on off stump and coming in, Tharanga plays it to the leg side.;
27.1;1;Watson to Sangakkara, 1 run on the pads, Sanga works it through square leg and thinks of two, but he slips as he turns and there's a yes-no situation that ends without a second run.;
26.6;?;Hussey to Upul Tharanga, no run gets behind the line and defends with the turn into the off side.;
26.5;?;Hussey to Upul Tharanga, no run half an appeal for lbw, this straightens from leg stump line but was bouncing extra as Tharanga missed the work to the leg side.;
26.4;1lb;Hussey to Sangakkara, 1 leg bye shorter this time, Sanga quietly works him through the leg side.;
26.3;6;Hussey to Sangakkara, SIX runs Sanga goes for the big drive over long-on and just clears the man at long-on! Superb timing, but still a daring stroke. It was pitched up, Sanga leaned out to the pitch, went down on a knee and heaved him over the fielder.;
26.2;?;Hussey to Sangakkara, no run sharp turn from back of a length, Sanga ends up trying to work it from outside off and doesn't get it away.;
26.1;2;Hussey to Sangakkara, 2 runs tossed up outside off, Sanga drives through the covers for a couple.;
25.6;?;Bollinger to Upul Tharanga, no run Bollinger to Tharanga. Inside edge. Not out. Not a new script. Darts this one off a length, Tharanga goes for an ambition drive without moving the feet and chops it onto the pads.;
25.5;1;Bollinger to Sangakkara, 1 run straying down the leg side, Sanga works it down to fine leg for a single.;
25.4;1;Bollinger to Upul Tharanga, 1 run width outside off, Tharanga guides a single through point.;
25.3;1;Bollinger to Sangakkara, 1 run Sanga is away in nervous fashion. He nudges a length ball to mid-on off the back foot and takes off. Smith fires in the throw and hits the stumps, but Sanga dives in, just in time.;
25.3;1w;Bollinger to Sangakkara, 1 wide overcooks the bouncer and it called a wide for height.;
25.2;?;Bollinger to Sangakkara, no run length ball outside off from over the stumps and Sanga defends it back to the bowler.;
25.1;W;Bollinger to Dilshan, OUT Irony, thy name, cricket! Dilshan is gone, but the manner in which he has fallen explains everything about this lovely game. Bollinger has bowled superbly all day, without getting a wicket. And now he gets one with one of his lesser hostile balls. It was short, it was angling in, and Dilshan saw it early. There was a man at deep midwicket, but Dilshan wanted to take him on and went for the pull. He ended up timing it too well, hit it emphatically, right out of the screws, but dead straight to the man in the deep. It was a plan to Dilshan ever since Bolly began this spell round the stumps to him, and it has worked.;Tillakaratne Dilshan c MEK Hussey b Bollinger 55 (104m 59b 4x4 0x6) SR: 93.22;
24.6;?;Hussey to Upul Tharanga, no run defends a stock ball straightening outside off into the off side.;
24.5;?;Hussey to Upul Tharanga, no run hits the pads and they appeal for lbw, but this was drifting down the leg sid eeasily. Tharanga misses the work to the leg side.;
24.4;?;Hussey to Upul Tharanga, no run tossed up outside off, Tharanga mistimes the cut for once.;
24.3;1;Hussey to Dilshan, 1 run Dilshan forces Hussey against the minimal turn through cover-point for a single.;
24.2;1;Hussey to Upul Tharanga, 1 run whoa, what happened there? Tharanga was looking to carve it over the covers but ended up too close to the ball and popped it in the air over the bowler's head.;
24.1;2;Hussey to Upul Tharanga, 2 runs SL are turning it on. Tharanga guides softly to the deep point fielder and they scamper back for a couple.;
23.6;?;Bollinger to Dilshan, no run short of a length outside off. Normal batsmen leave those. More talented men cut those. But Dilshan drives those on the up. Legend. Hits it straight to point this time, though.;
23.5;1;Bollinger to Upul Tharanga, 1 run lovely timing from Tharanga as he clips a length ball on his pads to deep midwicket.;
23.4;1;Bollinger to Dilshan, 1 run angled in sharply towards the pads, Dilshan works it with the angle through midwicket.;
23.3;1;Bollinger to Upul Tharanga, 1 run again, Tharanga stays in the crease and works Bolly through point for a single.;
23.2;2;Bollinger to Upul Tharanga, 2 runs hustles him with a short of length ball at 133 kph outside off, Tharanga is up to it as he stands tall and guides it into the covers.;
23.1;?;Bollinger to Upul Tharanga, no run Bolly angles one in from over the wicket. Nothing seems to have changed. Tharanga again chops him, almost onto the stumps.;
23.1;2w;Bollinger to Dilshan, 2 wide London buses in every direction now. Bolly starts with a wide angled well down the leg side and Haddin can't stop it cleanly.;
22.6;?;Hussey to Upul Tharanga, no run and this time he finds the man at midwicket.;
22.5;?;Hussey to Upul Tharanga, no run full toss on off stump, Tharanga wastes it. Hits it straight to cover.;
22.5;1w;Hussey to Upul Tharanga, 1 wide Extras today are like London buses. Another wide down the leg side.;
22.4;1;Hussey to Dilshan, 1 run you can dart them onto Dilshan's pads all day, and he will keep clipping them for runs. Another single through midwicket.;
22.3;1;Hussey to Upul Tharanga, 1 run back of a length again, Tharanga pats it into the off side for a single;
22.2;?;Hussey to Upul Tharanga, no run short and turning away, Tharanga cuts straight to point.;
22.1;1;Hussey to Dilshan, 1 run Huss spears one on in the pads and Dilshan works it through square leg.;
22.1;1w;Hussey to Dilshan, 1 wide ah, they have conceded a proper extra now. Wide down the leg side.;
21.6;1;Smith to Dilshan, 1 run gets the single now, pushing Smith with the turn through the covers.;
21.5;?;Smith to Dilshan, no run the pre-meditated sweep again, Dilshan misses it this time,;
21.4;1;Smith to Upul Tharanga, 1 run fuller, Tharanga eases forward and drives through mid-off;
21.3;?;Smith to Upul Tharanga, no run again, straight and spinning in. Tharanga blocks.;
21.2;?;Smith to Upul Tharanga, no run that's more the line, he cuts off the width and doesn't over-pitch. Tharanga deals with it respectfully.;
21.1;4;Smith to Upul Tharanga, FOUR runs George Binoy believes this is as easy as taking candy from a baby. I agree. Width to Tharanga again, and he laces it through point for four more.;
20.6;2;Hussey to Dilshan, 2 runs Dilshan has 50 now. Alarm bells for Australia! Neat little paddle sweep, he was ready even as Hussey ran in and just lapped him with the angle and turn through fine leg.;
20.5;?;Hussey to Dilshan, no run on Dilshan's pads, he works it to the leg side but can't get the gap.;
20.4;1;Hussey to Upul Tharanga, 1 run back of a length outside off, Tharanga chops it through the covers for a single.;
20.3;2;Hussey to Upul Tharanga, 2 runs fired in on the pads this time, Tharanga eases it down the ground for a couple.;
20.2;4;Hussey to Upul Tharanga, FOUR runs width outside off with a non-turning offbreak, it is meat and drink for subcontinent batsmen. Gorgeous shot from Tharanga, lofting this over the covers into the gap at deep extra cover for four.;
20.1;?;Hussey to Upul Tharanga, no run Hussey darts one in on middle and leg, Tharanga can't do much with it.;
19.6;1;Smith to Upul Tharanga, 1 run full toss on the stumps to end that over that had a little bit of everything. Tharanga drives down to mid-on for a single.;
19.5;?;Smith to Upul Tharanga, no run slows this one in the air and tosses it up on middle and leg. Tharanga doesn't connect with the whip.;
19.4;1;Smith to Dilshan, 1 run finally tosses one up, Dlshan drives with the turn through wide mid-off for a single.;
19.3;4;Smith to Dilshan, FOUR runs very poor bowling from Smith. Another short ball, Dilshan crashes it through backward point with a cut shot he will play in his sleep.;
19.2;3;Smith to Upul Tharanga, 3 runs edged, but safe. No slips in place. Tharanga looks to cut a short ball that cramps him as it turns in, and gets it away very fine.;
19.1;?;Smith to Upul Tharanga, no run short and turning in, he gets away with it as Tharanga mistimes the pull.;
18.6;1;Hussey to Upul Tharanga, 1 run angles in towards the pads and Tharanga whips through the leg side with a flourish.;
18.5;?;Hussey to Upul Tharanga, no run better from Tharanga, covers the line and defends.;
18.4;?;Hussey to Upul Tharanga, no run sharp turn here for Hussey, comes in outside off and then breaks away. Tharanga drives it without getting across to the flight.;
18.3;4;Hussey to Upul Tharanga, FOUR runs Tharanga is flowing now. Over-pitched outside off, he drills it through the covers for a boundary.;
18.2;3;Hussey to Dilshan, 3 runs the good old Dilscoop. Astounds me every time I see it. He pulls it off, gets it straight over Haddin's head.;
18.1;?;Hussey to Dilshan, no run speared in from round the stumps, Dilshan can't do much with that dart and works it to the leg side.;
17.6;1;Doherty to Dilshan, 1 run nicely done by Dishan, gets up with the bounce outside off and dabs a single through point.;
17.5;1;Doherty to Upul Tharanga, 1 run he gets the single this time, working him with the turn through mid on.;
17.4;?;Doherty to Upul Tharanga, no run straightening from the middle and off line, Tharanga defends to the leg side.;
17.3;1;Doherty to Dilshan, 1 run full on middle and off, Dilshan slices it through point for a single.;
17.2;2;Doherty to Dilshan, 2 runs Dilshan looks to sweep and gets a top-edge that runs away through short fine leg for two.;
17.1;1;Doherty to Upul Tharanga, 1 run turning in from outside off, he shuffles and works it square;
16.6;?;Watson to Dilshan, no run arches back and squeezes a length ball wide of point;
16.5;2;Watson to Dilshan, 2 runs Dilshan goes for the slap-drive now, through extra cover, lots of work for the man in the deep;
16.4;1;Watson to Upul Tharanga, 1 run full delivery, cracked off the front foot to sweeper cover;
16.3;1;Watson to Dilshan, 1 run steered away to third man for a single;
16.2;?;Watson to Dilshan, no run hit on the pad as he misses the work on the leg side, would have gone down leg, touch high too;
16.1;4;Watson to Dilshan, FOUR runs that is superb timing from Dilshan, not hit hard, swivels to the short ball, and keeps the pull along the ground through square leg, too quick for the man in the deeo;
15.6;?;Doherty to Upul Tharanga, no run pushed from the crease towards point;
15.5;4;Doherty to Upul Tharanga, FOUR runs nothing wrong with this one, Tharanga stepping it up, again abandons the crease, gets to the pitch and lofts over mid off;
15.4;2;Doherty to Upul Tharanga, 2 runs beaten in flight as he comes down the track again, takes one hand off the bat as he goes through with the lofted shot, gets it towards deep midwicket;
15.3;?;Doherty to Upul Tharanga, no run quicker one hurrying on outside off, defended back to the bowler;
15.2;4;Doherty to Upul Tharanga, FOUR runs well played, down the track as he sees a bit of flight, gets around it to loft it over mid off;
15.1;?;Doherty to Upul Tharanga, no run eased back to the bowler off the front foot;
14.6;?;Watson to Dilshan, no run played out towards extra cover off the front foot;
14.5;1;Watson to Upul Tharanga, 1 run gets it away solidly this time, away to third man for the single;
14.4;?;Watson to Upul Tharanga, no run some bounce outside off, he looks to steer it again and is beaten;
14.3;1;Watson to Dilshan, 1 run enough width outside off to steer to third man;
14.2;1;Watson to Upul Tharanga, 1 run allows it to come on with the angle from round the wicket, and dabs it to third man, much like what Watson does;
14.1;?;Watson to Upul Tharanga, no run defended solidly off the front foot;
13.6;1;Doherty to Upul Tharanga, 1 run fullish one driven past the bowler down the ground;
13.5;1;Doherty to Dilshan, 1 run;
13.4;?;Doherty to Dilshan, no run;
13.3;1;Doherty to Upul Tharanga, 1 run;
13.2;?;Doherty to Upul Tharanga, no run;
13.1;1;Doherty to Dilshan, 1 run tossed up to Dilshan who drives it loosely in the air for a single.;
12.6;?;Watson to Upul Tharanga, no run;
12.5;?;Watson to Upul Tharanga, no run;
12.4;?;Watson to Upul Tharanga, no run;
12.3;1;Watson to Dilshan, 1 run worked off the pads towards midwicket for one.;
12.2;1;Watson to Upul Tharanga, 1 run inside edge this time, looks for the cover drive and nicks it past the stumps.;
12.1;4;Watson to Upul Tharanga, FOUR runs full on the stumps, Tharanga drives it back pleasingly at it beats a spirited effort from Doherty to give him four.;
11.6;1;Lee to Upul Tharanga, 1 run nicely played, gets this to skid off the face in front of point for one.;
11.5;?;Lee to Upul Tharanga, no run Tharanga is beaten outside off for the 23rd time today. Looks to guide a short ball over the slips area and misses.;
11.4;?;Lee to Upul Tharanga, no run back of a length outside off, Tharanga angles it away through point for a single.;
11.3;?;Lee to Upul Tharanga, no run pitched up by Lee from over the stumps, Tharanga drills it solidly to mid-on.;
11.2;1lb;Lee to Dilshan, 1 leg bye boy, this bouncer had vicious written all over it. Dilshan went for the pull, and it actually held up on him and hit the edge to run away into the off side.;
11.1;?;Lee to Dilshan, no run drives this one to short extra cover.;
10.6;1;Johnson to Dilshan, 1 run back of a length outside off, Dilshan eases the drive into the covers.;
10.5;1;Johnson to Upul Tharanga, 1 run He may be old, he may have battered fingers, but he is still the kind at point. Ponting dives away to his left to stop a scorching cut from Tharanga and saves three runs.;
10.4;2;Johnson to Upul Tharanga, 2 runs on Tharanga's pads and he quietly nudges it through square leg for a couple. SL have 50 on the board.;
10.3;?;Johnson to Upul Tharanga, no run and a telling bouncer from Mitch, whanged in well short and heading for Tharanga's grille. He ducks.;
10.2;1;Johnson to Dilshan, 1 run Dilshan squeezes a mistimed on the up cover drive past the man at short cover. They should have got two there, but settle for one.;
10.1;?;Johnson to Dilshan, no run tight line, on middle and leg and angling across from short of a length. Dilshan defends.;
9.6;?;Lee to Upul Tharanga, no run A smattering of people in Hambantota have seen the SL openers miraculously survive 10 overs without losing a wicket, against some hostile fast bowling, in difficult circumstances. Amazing.;
9.5;?;Lee to Upul Tharanga, no run Tharanga gets behind the line and defends a length ball down the track.;
9.4;?;Lee to Upul Tharanga, no run and Lee gets this one to bend in sharply, Tharanga goes for the cut and inner edges it perilously close to the stumps.;
9.3;4;Lee to Upul Tharanga, FOUR runs width outside off, back of a length, and Tharanga just decides to throw everything at it. Gets a big outside edge that goes past the lone slip. Would have gone straight to second slip if he was around!;
9.2;1;Lee to Dilshan, 1 run Dilshan cover-drives again, away from the body, throws his hands at it and mistimes it for a single.;
9.1;1;Lee to Upul Tharanga, 1 run angles the first one towards Tharanga's pads and he clips it uppishly through square leg.;
8.6;1;Johnson to Upul Tharanga, 1 run and he even gets a single this time, shifting back in the crease and steering a ball outside off through backward point.;
8.5;?;Johnson to Upul Tharanga, no run Pinch! Ouch! Not a dream! Tharanga gets bat on one! Outside off! Back of a length! Confidently pushed down to mid-off;
8.4;?;Johnson to Upul Tharanga, no run on a length around off stump, Tharanga defends to the off sode.;
8.3;?;Johnson to Upul Tharanga, no run straight again, Tharanga looks a lot better when it comes into him. Defends solidly down the track.;
8.2;2;Johnson to Upul Tharanga, 2 runs this one ducks into the pads, and Tharanga gets bat on it as he nudges a couple to the leg side.;
8.1;1;Johnson to Dilshan, 1 run slower ball to Dilshan who is sucked into an early check-drive and mistimes it through the covers.;
7.6;?;Bollinger to Upul Tharanga, no run Batting, for Tharanga, at the moment, is a non-contact sport. Another swish outside off, another miss.;
7.5;1;Bollinger to Dilshan, 1 run another whack-drive, almost diffident from Dilshan every time it is pitched up. Mistimed to wide mid-off.;
7.4;?;Bollinger to Dilshan, no run stunning stuff from Bolly. Only 131kph, but you can't direct a bouncer better than that. And deceptive too, Dilshan did not spot that for a long time, and by the time he realised he could not drive it, he was almost past the point of no return. Does well in the end to let it go.;
7.3;?;Bollinger to Dilshan, no run back of a length, cramping Dilshan for room outside off, but he still goes for the carve, despite not having room. Doesn't time it this time.;
7.2;?;Bollinger to Dilshan, no run pitched up outside off and Dilshan whacks the lacquer off it with another one of those cover drives. He finds the fielder inside the circle this time.;
7.1;?;Bollinger to Dilshan, no run that rare animal makes an appearance - the leave outside off.;
6.6;?;Johnson to Upul Tharanga, no run another swish and a miss. He just tries to steer this without getting across, but Mitch is too fast for such mischief.;
6.5;?;Johnson to Upul Tharanga, no run back to normal service. Mitch beats him outside off with a ball that swerves away at pace from a length. Tharanga has two left feet, only that can explain the complete lack of footwork here.;
6.4;?;Johnson to Upul Tharanga, no run back of a length on off stump, a mini-victory for Tharanga, he plays a solid forward defensive.;
6.3;1;Johnson to Dilshan, 1 run extra bounce from a length, Dilshan was surprised and yanked the bottom hand off as he dropped it to the leg side for one.;
6.2;4;Johnson to Dilshan, FOUR runs Dilshan at his idiosyncratic best here. Beaten last ball? What beaten? The moment it is pitched up, he goes after it with a vengeance and blasts it through the covers. Scorching shot.;
6.1;?;Johnson to Dilshan, no run and Dilshan now, plays all over a ball that thunders up from back of a length and goes over the stumps. This is tough!;

Short midwicket in place for Tharanga. And one slip.
 Innings Start
"Tharanga, Eranga, Malinga. SL go 'Bazinga' !" - My submission for the six-word report, just in case it doesn't get featured there." - I am forwarding that to the Page 2 team, Krish. On that note, it is time to say cheers and goodnight. Brydon Coverdale's match report has the details of the game in words, and our gallery does the same in pictures. Two games to go, and it is still a must-win situation for SL. See you again for game 4, until then it is goodbye from Nitin Sundar and the rest of the gang.
Time for the presentations then.
Dilshan: "The first 10 overs were crucial, and we did well to see them off. All the batsmen that followed did well. We believed 260 was good to defend, and we proved it. Eranga bowled really well, and Malinga was good as usual."
Tharanga is Man of the Match. Not taking anything away from him, but if I were him, I'd be slightly sheepish to get the award after that rather chancy effort. "I had a good day, and good to get the 100. It was a must-win game, and all the members lifted their game for it."
Clarke: "We were outplayed tonight.. SL played really well with bat and ball, we did well to restrict them after that start but they deserved to win. Dougie did a good job with the ball, there were some plays and misses, but they outplayed us in the end. We have work to do, improvement needed for the next game."
Malinga v the tail is not even a contest, really. Such immense yorkers. He's been dishing them up for a while now, I think the only off-day he's had in recent times was the final spell on April 2.
Mukunthan: "Hurrah! Atlast an Asian team won!" It's been a while coming.
Joseph sent in this classic some time back: "What's that you say? Smith failed in a tight situation? I'm shocked, SHOCKED I tell you."
44.2;W;Malinga to Bollinger, OUT Malinga settles it on the field, picks up his fifth to go one better than Bolly, and fittingly, it is Bolly's wicket. SL have made it 2-1, and they are now the world's second-ranked ODI side. Top yorker again, it headed to base of middle stump like a guided missile, and Bollinger had no chance of stopping it. The furniture is clattered.;Doug Bollinger b Malinga 4 (9m 9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 44.44;
44.1;4b;Malinga to Bollinger, 4 byes Malinga's yorkers are too good for everyone. Through Bolly's legs, down the leg side, and even Sanga can't stop it.;
43.6;1;Mendis to Bollinger, 1 run great effort from Kula, but he doesn't get it. Loopy, slow full toss outside off, Bolly launches it to long on, and Kula runs in and dives forward. He takes it too, but grasses it as he lands.;
43.5;2;Mendis to Bollinger, 2 runs flighted outside off, Bolly heaves it down to long-on for two.;
43.4;1;Mendis to Lee, 1 run short ball breaking in, Lee pulls it to wide long-on for one.;
43.3;1;Mendis to Bollinger, 1 run short pitched googly, Bolly cuts it away to bring up the 200.;
43.2;?;Mendis to Bollinger, no run ambitious lbw appeal there, Ajantha hits him on the back foot with a legbreak, but it was sliding down the leg side.;
43.1;1;Mendis to Lee, 1 run short ball to Lee, who cuts it to deep cover for a single.;
42.6;?;Malinga to Bollinger, no run Malinga goes down on his haunches and is gutted after a slow offcutting slower ball does too much, and misses off stump! Lands on off, grips and turns away a shade. Bolly smiles - he was miles away from getting bat on that.;
42.5;?;Malinga to Bollinger, no run and now the bouncer. Bolly sent down a few of those today, and this time he meekly weaves away.;
42.4;?;Malinga to Bollinger, no run another top yorker. Bolly does well to keep it out.;
42.3;W;Malinga to Doherty, OUT the faster ones did the softening up, and the slower one bursts through. 118 kph, full, low and aimed at the stumps. Doherty did his part, he played all around it and missed. Clatter.;Xavier Doherty b Malinga 2 (6m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
42.2;?;Malinga to Doherty, no run scorching yorker, shaping away all the time, and Doherty does quite well to defend it.;
42.1;?;Malinga to Doherty, no run Malinga beats Doherty with sheer blistering pace outside off stump. Swoosh.;
41.6;1;Kulasekara to Doherty, 1 run low full toss outside off, Doherty works it towards midwicket for a single.;
41.5;1;Kulasekara to Lee, 1 run the length is shortened, and Lee squirts a single into the off side.;
41.4;6;Kulasekara to Lee, SIX runs Lee's not yet given up, he pile-drives a length ball straight over Kula's head for a huge six. Lovely hit.;
41.3;1;Kulasekara to Doherty, 1 run Dilshan clangs a straight chance at slip. Doherty gets a full length ball outside off and he goes for a booming drive, it flew off the outside edge through to Dilshan in front of his face, and he dropped it.;
41.2;?;Kulasekara to Doherty, no run The X man is beaten outside off, he has a swish and a miss.;
41.1;W;Kulasekara to Johnson, OUT make that three wickets in three overs. Mitch had the right idea, he looked to get inside the line of a low full toss and hoick it over midwicket, but ended up giving Chandimal at square leg a chance above his head, which he took very well as he tumbled back.;Mitchell Johnson c Chandimal b Kulasekara 1 (8m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
40.6;1;Malinga to Johnson, 1 run the yorkers just keep getting better and better. Mitch does well to stay behind it and dig it out into the off side for a single.;
40.5;1;Malinga to Lee, 1 run low full toss on the pads, Lee gets a single this time, squeezing it off the inner half through square leg.;
40.4;?;Malinga to Lee, no run another near yorker outside off, Lee barely digs it out into the off side.;
40.3;?;Malinga to Lee, no run gets the feet out of the way this time, does Lee, and gets it away to midwicket.;
40.2;4;Malinga to Lee, FOUR runs ooh, how did he escape there? Yorker headed for the stumps, and and inside edge somehow gets in the way. Four through fine leg.;
40.1;W;Malinga to Hussey, OUT And that I guess is the end of that. Hussey is gone. Malinga sends down the fast and wide yorker outside off, and Hussey slashes it well, but straight to Randiv at point. Sri Lanka are on course to pulling one back here.;Michael Hussey c sub (S Randiv) b Malinga 63 (117m 76b 5x4 0x6) SR: 82.89;
39.6;W;Kulasekara to Smith, OUT oh my. Smith has done something really bizarre here, feeding his critics with more ammo to have a go at him. It was a full ball well outside off, Smith got across to it and drove it to the on-side, and set off for the single. It's been his one-point agenda today - get the single. Except that, this time, he had played it straight to Kula and taken off. And then he just stands and looks as Kula moves to his right, picks up and hurls down the stumps. Not quite Roger Harper, but good enough.;Steven Smith run out (Kulasekara) 18 (34m 28b 0x4 0x6) SR: 64.28;
39.5;1;Kulasekara to Hussey, 1 run the perfect yorker, Hussey dead-bats it and scoots across. Kula tries to pick up and throw at the bowler's end, but misses. No overthrow this time.;
39.4;1;Kulasekara to Smith, 1 run slower ball, 118 kph outside off, and Smith inner edges it past off stump for a single.;
39.3;1;Kulasekara to Hussey, 1 run Kula keeps it full outside off, and Hussey once again guides it to deep point for a single. They don't mind giving him the single here.;
39.2;1;Kulasekara to Smith, 1 run full-pitched wide of the off stump, and Smith drives through the covers for another single.;
39.1;2;Kulasekara to Smith, 2 runs starts with a low full toss outside off, Smith square drives and hustles back for a well run couple. Chandimal took a while collecting and returning that.;
38.6;2;Malinga to Hussey, 2 runs Hussey calmly angles the face to send the ball to deep third man, and they scamper back for two.;
38.5;1lb;Malinga to Smith, 1 leg bye a blistering yorker! Malinga thuds it into Smith's pad as he backs away and nearly over-balances. He stumbles through for the leg bye.;
38.4;?;Malinga to Smith, no run The RRR is up to 10. Malinga sends down a slower ball and Smith guides it to point, looking for a single. Randiv cuts it off.;
38.4;2w;Malinga to Hussey, 2 wide very wide outside off, Mike misses the steer and so does Sanga. Two wides taken.;
38.3;?;Malinga to Hussey, no run low full toss outside off, and Hussey will be livid that he didn't manage to get it away. He drives it straight to the man at short extra cover.;
38.2;1;Malinga to Smith, 1 run short of a length outside off, Smith dabs it down to third man and turns the strike over.;
38.1;1;Malinga to Hussey, 1 run starts with a high full toss outside off, Hussey drives it through mid-off for only a single.;
37.6;?;Eranga to Smith, no run a yes and a no again ... This Smith isn't the best runner between wickets is he? Steered to Randiv, bounding in from point. No run taken in the end,;
37.5;1;Eranga to Hussey, 1 run full ball outside leg stump, Smith nudges through midwicket for a single.;
37.4;1;Eranga to Smith, 1 run on Smith's pads and he works it square for a single. Australia need more than singles here.;
37.3;1;Eranga to Hussey, 1 run angled across Hussey, who stays on the crease and steers a single to deep third man.;
37.2;1;Eranga to Smith, 1 run back of a length outside off, Smith drops it to point and Hussey charges for a single. He hurries back and dives in as the throw comes in, and misses. They then steal the overthrow.;
37.1;1;Eranga to Hussey, 1 run Hussey works another single through the covers.;
36.6;?;Mendis to Smith, no run Smith plonks the front foot forward and looks to work it from there through square leg. Pretty ungainly, and doesn't work.;
36.5;?;Mendis to Smith, no run;
36.4;1;Mendis to Hussey, 1 run Hussey drives a flighted ball through mid-off for another single.;
36.3;3lb;Mendis to Smith, 3 leg byes huge lbw appeal not given and SL are out of review(s). Googly, lands outside off and breaks in, Smith misses it completely and it hits the pad just outside off. Close!;
36.2;2;Mendis to Smith, 2 runs turning into the pads, Smith nudges it nicely through square leg and hares back for the second.;
36.1;1;Mendis to Hussey, 1 run tossed up outside off, Mike drives it through wide mid-off for one.;
35.6;2;Eranga to Smith, 2 runs bouncer from Eranga, Smith seemed to spot it early, but the pull shot was quite ungainly and went through wide mid-on, uppishly.;
35.5;?;Eranga to Smith, no run Smith looking dodgy every time the ball is pitched up, he feels for it and pushes it down the ground.;
35.4;1;Eranga to Hussey, 1 run length ball on off stump, drives it through the line into the covers for a single.;
35.3;1;Eranga to Smith, 1 run back of a length outside off, Smith guides it down to third man.;
35.2;2;Eranga to Smith, 2 runs on the pads, Smith flicks it uppishly through midwicket for a couple.;
35.1;?;Eranga to Smith, no run full ball on leg stump and Smith drives it straight to mid-on. Lots of yes and nos, but they choose to not go for it in the end.;
34.6;1;Dilshan to Smith, 1 run back of a length, turning in and Smith nudges a single through square leg. Quietly, Dilshan has bowled 10 very useful overs here.;
34.5;1;Dilshan to Hussey, 1 run Hussey chips out, but gets too close to the ball this time and pushes a single past mid-off;
34.4;1;Dilshan to Smith, 1 run Smith reaches out, gets to the turn and drives it past Dilshan for another single;
34.3;1;Dilshan to Hussey, 1 run this time he works it away for one off the pads.;
34.2;?;Dilshan to Hussey, no run fired in on the pads, Hussey looks to nudge to the leg side and can't get it away.;
34.1;4;Dilshan to Hussey, FOUR runs the class of Mike Hussey comes through. He shimmies down the track, makes room as he does, and then launches Dilshan with the turn inside out over deep extra cover. Fifty up.;
33.6;?;Mendis to Smith, no run tossed up, Smith gets to it on the full and plays it right back;
33.5;1;Mendis to Hussey, 1 run short and going down the leg side, Mike pulls it down to deep backward square leg.;
33.4;1;Mendis to Smith, 1 run back of a length, Smith dabs it through point for a single.;
33.3;?;Mendis to Smith, no run Mendis loops it up on the stumps, Smith covers the line and defends.;
33.2;1;Mendis to Hussey, 1 run shorter and width on offer, Mike cuts it away for one.;
33.1;?;Mendis to Hussey, no run Mikey leans out and drives a tossed up ball to short cover,;
32.6;?;Dilshan to Smith, no run Smith looks to lap one over to the leg side, but can't get it away.;
32.5;?;Dilshan to Smith, no run Smith stays put, moves across and plays it down the pitch.;
32.4;1;Dilshan to Hussey, 1 run Hussey turns the strike back. He's crucial to the cause now.;
32.3;1;Dilshan to Smith, 1 run skips out this time and works a single through wide mid-on;
32.2;?;Dilshan to Smith, no run Smith gets behind the line and defends down the track.;
32.1;1;Dilshan to Hussey, 1 run wow, Smith nearly continues his trend of minimal contributions. Nearly run out without facing a ball. Hussey skips out and drives straight to Randiv at wide mid-on, and Smith is caught napping as he backs up a mile. The throw misses, though.;
31.6;W;Mendis to Hussey, OUT and that's the end of David Hussey. Boy, they just can't play Ajantha Mendis can they? Another googly, lands outside off and turns in, David goes for the cut and inside-edges it onto the stumps. The brothers are separated.;David Hussey b Mendis 8 (18m 16b 1x4 0x6) SR: 50;
31.5;?;Mendis to Hussey, no run David leans out to a googly and defends solidly.;
31.4;1;Mendis to Hussey, 1 run Mike stays back and steers a single into cover-point.;
31.3;1;Mendis to Hussey, 1 run David chips him in the air over the bowler's head for a single to long off.;
31.2;?;Mendis to Hussey, no run slow and loopy offbreak, gets David driving loosely, but he can't get it to sneak in.;
31.1;1;Mendis to Hussey, 1 run back of a length and angling across, Mike cuts it away through covers for a single.;
30.6;?;Dilshan to Hussey, no run another tight ball, David stays in the crease and plays it back to Dilshan.;
30.5;?;Dilshan to Hussey, no run Dilshan cramps him this time, David plays it back down the track.;
30.4;2;Dilshan to Hussey, 2 runs cuts it away nicely at the first sight of room, and comes back for the second.;
30.3;?;Dilshan to Hussey, no run David is caught by surprise as Dilshan turns one in quite sharply, and the inside edge hits the pad and runs to the off side. Mike wants a single, and is sent back.;
30.2;1;Dilshan to Hussey, 1 run too straight this time, and Mike works a single through backward square leg.;
30.1;?;Dilshan to Hussey, no run short and turning away, Mike cuts it straight to cover.;
29.6;1;Malinga to Hussey, 1 run touch of width outside off, Mike steers it to deep backward point for a single.;
29.5;1;Malinga to Hussey, 1 run on the pads, David nudges to the leg side for a single.;
29.4;4;Malinga to Hussey, FOUR runs risky but it works! 139 kph, and pitched well up, David goes for the drive and times it well, but just past the fielder diving away at short cover. This pitch is clearly becoming tougher to bat on.;
29.4;1w;Malinga to Hussey, 1 wide wicked bouncer, too short and called a wide for height. This has happened too many times today.;
29.3;?;Malinga to Hussey, no run opens the face and guides a pacy ball from outside off straight to cover.;
29.2;?;Malinga to Hussey, no run fast and straight, David gets behind the line and defends.;
29.1;1;Malinga to Hussey, 1 run this could be curtains for Mike Hussey! Stunning throw from Dilshan at mid-off and it is a direct hit, but it looks like the dive just got him in. By a frame. Full and fast on off stump, Hussey drives it to the right of a fast-moving Dilshan. The Husseys take off, and Mike had to dive. Boy, that was close.;
28.6;?;Dilshan to Hussey, no run another ball goes by! David works it with the turn, but straight to square leg.;
28.5;?;Dilshan to Hussey, no run tight again, David can't do much as he plays it down the track.;
28.4;?;Dilshan to Hussey, no run David hangs back in the crease and looks to force the offie back down the pitch, but can't get it away.;
28.3;1;Dilshan to Hussey, 1 run gets forward this time and drives a single past mid-off.;
28.2;?;Dilshan to Hussey, no run back of a length, Mike gets back in the crease and defends,;
28.1;?;Dilshan to Hussey, no run tossed up slowly on off stump, Hussey defends after pressing forward.;
27.6;?;Malinga to Hussey, no run back of a length and on middle and off, Hussey politely defends from the crease.;
27.5;W;Malinga to Clarke, OUT Malinga comes on and things just begin to happen! What happened there? 135 kph is what it is clocked at, but Clarke seemed bemused almost as he looked to play it off the pads and found he was early on the shot. It popped up off a leading edge and this time went straight to mid-on. Big wicket. Was there a hint of late straightening there?;Michael Clarke c Jayawardene b Malinga 46 (89m 67b 3x4 0x6) SR: 68.65;
27.4;?;Malinga to Clarke, no run short ball, Clarke stays on the crease and guides it to point.;
27.3;?;Malinga to Clarke, no run another dot ball, Clarke gets behind the line and defends a pacy ball into the off side.;
27.2;?;Malinga to Clarke, no run the pitch is surely slowing up here. 137 kph, but Clarke was ages early into the drive and nearly spooned it straight to mid-on, even though he took the top hand off and all that.;
27.1;?;Malinga to Clarke, no run how did he not nick that? Malinga whangs one in back of a length and it keeps going away from Clarke who meekly walks into a flirt outside off. It somehow missed the edge!;
26.6;?;Dilshan to Hussey, no run back of a length and straightening, Hussey defends solidly once again. Good string of dots there for SL.;
26.5;?;Dilshan to Hussey, no run more air, Hussey guides towards point.;
26.4;?;Dilshan to Hussey, no run Hussey forces a tight delivery on off straight to a tumbling fielder at cover. No single taken, and the crowd chirps its approval.;
26.3;1;Dilshan to Clarke, 1 run aha, Clarke came out and was forced to grope since he wasn't to the pitch of it. Inside edged through backward square leg ...;
26.2;1;Dilshan to Hussey, 1 run Hussey guides another single from the crease through the off side.;
26.1;1;Dilshan to Clarke, 1 run Clarke rocks back and cuts a single against the turn through point.;
25.6;?;Mendis to Hussey, no run tossed up outside off, Hussey defends into the off side.;
25.5;1;Mendis to Clarke, 1 run Clarke forces another single past the bowler. At this rate, Aus' lower middle order that struggles against Ajantha might not get to face him at all.;
25.4;1;Mendis to Hussey, 1 run Hussey leans out and defends a flighted ball into the covers for a single. Soft hands, soft as they come.;
25.3;2;Mendis to Hussey, 2 runs too short, Hussey plays the guided pull through backward square for a couple.;
25.2;1;Mendis to Clarke, 1 run gets a single this time, worked off the pads through backward square.;
25.1;?;Mendis to Clarke, no run on middle and off, Clarke plays it to the leg side.;
24.6;4;Dilshan to Hussey, FOUR runs dropped! What a clanger! Eranga's dream debut is not so dreamy now. Dilshan gets Hussey to top-edge a sweep with that touch of extra turn. It went miles high towards wide long-on, and Eranga for some reason was standing well in and had to back pedal and take it over the head. He got both hands to it, but never looked like holding on. It then runs away for four too. Disasta!;
24.5;1;Dilshan to Clarke, 1 run another short ball outside off, Clarke cuts it to sweeper cover for one more.;
24.4;1;Dilshan to Hussey, 1 run short and wide outside off, Hussey cuts it away through the covers for a single.;
24.3;?;Dilshan to Hussey, no run tossed up again on the stumps, Hussey defends down the track.;
24.2;?;Dilshan to Hussey, no run huge appeal for lbw, and it is turned down. And rightly so, huge inside edge onto the pad as Hussey goes to sweep.;
24.1;1;Dilshan to Clarke, 1 run turns one in towards the pads and Clarke works another easy single.;
23.6;?;Mendis to Hussey, no run;
23.5;?;Mendis to Hussey, no run loopy googly on the leg stump, Hussey clips it straight to midwicket.;
23.4;1;Mendis to Clarke, 1 run short ball on the pads, Clarke nudges a single from the crease. The man at silly mid-on is currently looking just that - silly. Clarke hasn't looked like popping one there so far.;
23.3;1;Mendis to Hussey, 1 run tossed up on Hussey's off stump and he eases it right past the bowler for a single.;
23.2;1;Mendis to Clarke, 1 run on the pads, Clarke whips through midwicket for a single.;
23.1;?;Mendis to Clarke, no run Mendis beats Clarke outside off with a Kumble-esque skidding legbreak. Clarke tries to dab it through backward point and misses.;
22.6;1;Dilshan to Clarke, 1 run on the pads, Clarke works it through square leg and gets the single.;
22.5;?;Dilshan to Clarke, no run Clarke backs away and looks for the forcing cut, but can't get it away.;
22.4;1;Dilshan to Hussey, 1 run this time Hussey gets to the pitch of it, and drives past mid-on for one more.;
22.3;?;Dilshan to Hussey, no run hmm, lack of turn, induces the inside edge as Hussey pushes outside the line. Pad was close to bat, and just as well.;
22.2;1;Dilshan to Clarke, 1 run backs away and makes room to cut a short ish ball through point;
22.1;?;Dilshan to Clarke, no run back of a length on off stump, and Clarke plays it to the leg side.;
21.6;1;Mendis to Clarke, 1 run nudges the last ball off the pads through square leg. That's the 50 stand.;
21.5;?;Mendis to Clarke, no run this one comes in too, Clarke pushes it to mid-off after looking to make room and go for an expansive stroke.;
21.4;2;Mendis to Clarke, 2 runs the googly from Ajantha, I don't think Clarke picked it as he went for the cut and ended up playing it from the middle and leg line.;
21.3;1;Mendis to Hussey, 1 run fuller ball on leg stump, Hussey pushes it serenely past mid-on for one more.;
21.2;?;Mendis to Hussey, no run short of a length and turning in, Hussey stays inside the crease and defends.;
21.1;2;Mendis to Hussey, 2 runs Hussey plays this past midwicket for a couple.;
20.6;2;Dilshan to Clarke, 2 runs too short, and allows Clarke to guide the pull safely to the deep and come back for two. A game of cat and mouse this, at the moment.;
20.5;?;Dilshan to Clarke, no run Clarke shuffles inside the line and looks to work Dilshan with the angle through midwicket, but finds the man prowling close in.;
20.4;1;Dilshan to Hussey, 1 run full on Hussey's pads and he drives it down past mid-on for one more.;
20.3;1;Dilshan to Clarke, 1 run back of a length to Clarke who fashions depth by hanging deep in the crease, and chops it square for one.;
20.2;1;Dilshan to Hussey, 1 run slightly short and Hussey pounces on the pull, but there is protection in the deep.;
20.1;1;Dilshan to Clarke, 1 run Dilshan gives Clarke one on the pads and he whips it easily to deep midwicket for one.;
19.6;1;Mendis to Clarke, 1 run fuller and straighter to Clarke who drives it solidly down the ground for one more.;
19.5;1;Mendis to Hussey, 1 run offbreak goes awry, short and turning away, Hussey carves it to deep extra cover.;
19.4;?;Mendis to Hussey, no run Hussey hangs back in the crease and looks to steer, but finds the man at point.;
19.3;1;Mendis to Clarke, 1 run Clarke pushes a full ball on off stump down past mid-on for one more.;
19.2;1;Mendis to Hussey, 1 run now he quietly nurdles the single from the crease to the leg side.;
19.1;4;Mendis to Hussey, FOUR runs shoddy from the man a deep backward square. Jeevan Mendis is the man, fluffs a straight forward stop sand concedes three extra runs. Short ball turning down the leg side and Hussey swept it hard, but it should have been stopped.;
18.6;?;Dilshan to Clarke, no run Clarke skips out and looks to make something happen, but can't get the drive past the man at cover.;
18.5;?;Dilshan to Clarke, no run he's tying him down here with some very smart restrictive spin bowling. Another ball defended from the crease.;
18.4;?;Dilshan to Clarke, no run looks to work a spinning delivery coming in towards midwicket.;
18.3;?;Dilshan to Clarke, no run Clarke covers the line and defends a tight length ball.;
18.2;1;Dilshan to Hussey, 1 run Hussey guides a single through the covers, with the turn.;
18.1;1;Dilshan to Clarke, 1 run short ball breaking in, Clarke presses back to guide a single into the covers.;
17.6;1;Jeevan Mendis to Clarke, 1 run Clarke forces a single to deep cover to end the over.;
17.5;1;Jeevan Mendis to Hussey, 1 run full toss outside off, Hussey drives it to wide long-off for a single.;
17.4;1;Jeevan Mendis to Clarke, 1 run on the middle and leg line, Clarke gets it through midwicket for one.;
17.3;?;Jeevan Mendis to Clarke, no run tossed up this time, Clarke bounds out but gets too close to the pitch and drags it to the on side.;
17.2;1;Jeevan Mendis to Hussey, 1 run Hussey taps a short of length ball into the covers and Clarke responds for a beautifully run quick single.;
17.1;1;Jeevan Mendis to Clarke, 1 run hint of turn from outside off, Clarke stays beside the line and guides a single through point.;
16.6;?;Dilshan to Hussey, no run slower and tossed up, Hussey drives it back to the bowler.;
16.5;?;Dilshan to Hussey, no run Hussey tries to tap a single into the off side, but can't get it away.;
16.4;1;Dilshan to Clarke, 1 run uppish but safe. Clarke nearly chipped it straight to short midwicket. The ball is surely stopping on this track.;
16.3;1;Dilshan to Hussey, 1 run back of a length on the stumps, Hussey pushes back and forces it through mid-on.;
16.2;?;Dilshan to Hussey, no run;
16.1;1;Dilshan to Clarke, 1 run Clarke works one off the pads through the square leg area.;
15.6;?;Kulasekara to Hussey, no run lets one go outside off as Kula gets it to hold its line and angle across.;
15.5;?;Kulasekara to Hussey, no run HUGE lbw appeal, umpire Rauf says no. SL review it. Unlike his stock ball, Kula gets this one to hold its line, but it landed outside leg from over the wicket. Not out straight away. For the record, it hit high on the pad too. Don't review it if Rauf says not out. That man almost never gets it wrong!;
15.4;?;Kulasekara to Hussey, no run he has Huss in some strife here. Offcutter from Kula now, angling neatly across and Hussey nearly edges it as he pokes from the crease.;
15.3;?;Kulasekara to Hussey, no run works a length ball off the stumps to the leg side.;
15.2;?;Kulasekara to Hussey, no run edged again! Safe again! Hussey nicks this as it moves off the seam and Mahela dives to his right from the lone slip. It bounces just in front of his out-stretched right arm .;
15.1;4;Kulasekara to Hussey, FOUR runs top-edged but safe. Kula catches him by surprise with a bouncer and Hussey's pull flies high over the keeper's head and nearly all the way.;
14.6;4;Eranga to Clarke, FOUR runs the slower ball doesn't work this time. Offcutter at 103 kph, over-pitched, Clarke spots it and banishes it to the cover boundary with an absolute cruncher of a drive.;
14.5;2;Eranga to Clarke, 2 runs on the pads and Clarke whips through midwicket for an easy couple.;
14.4;?;Eranga to Clarke, no run Clarke moves across to steer a fullish ball into the covers for one more.;
14.3;1;Eranga to Hussey, 1 run Hussey opens the face and guides a single through to third man.;
14.3;1w;Eranga to Hussey, 1 wide Eranga lets this go down the leg side and it is called a wide.;
14.2;4;Eranga to Hussey, FOUR runs lovely drive from Hussey, walking into a workmanlike stroke. It wasn't too full, but he played it on top of the bounce and placed it superbly.;
14.1;1;Eranga to Clarke, 1 run Eranga spears another one in on the middle and leg line, Clarke drives to wide mid-on for one more.;
13.6;?;Kulasekara to Hussey, no run on middle and off line, Hussey looks to work it to the leg side but can't get it away.;
13.5;?;Kulasekara to Hussey, no run angles this one past Hussey, who lets it go.;
13.4;1;Kulasekara to Clarke, 1 run hmm, Kula gets the inducker going again and Clarke ends up playing the flick uppishly without much control. In the air, but safely through to deep midwicket.;
13.3;1;Kulasekara to Hussey, 1 run back of a length and enough width outside off for Hussey to guide past the cordon on the off side, and he's away.;
13.2;1;Kulasekara to Clarke, 1 run width outside off, just enough for Clarke to guide the cut to deep backward point for one.;
13.1;?;Kulasekara to Clarke, no run and he continues to plug away short of a length outside off. Clarke defends after getting across.;
12.6;?;Eranga to Hussey, no run Hussey lets another one through, Eranga completes a really good over with another zippy delivery outside off.;
12.5;?;Eranga to Hussey, no run closer to a driving length, but Hussey lets it go.;
12.4;?;Eranga to Hussey, no run pacy, angling across Huss and then moving late. Sanga does well to collect it.;
12.3;W;Eranga to Ponting, OUT Eranga has another one! And a huge wicket, this one. He's got Ponting with a slyly disguised slow offcutter. Ponting clearly did not spot it and was lulled into the drive, and ended up playing at it too early. It popped back to the left of Eranga, who unlike Kula earlier in the evening, pouched it.;Ricky Ponting c & b Eranga 22 (37m 27b 4x4 0x6) SR: 81.48;
12.3;1w;Eranga to Ponting, 1 wide One for the over, and wide too. For height. He banged that in really short.;
12.2;1;Eranga to Clarke, 1 run Clarke drives solidly through the covers but there is protection in the deep.;
12.1;?;Eranga to Clarke, no run this Eranga, like Darren Gough and Ajit Agarkar, is pacier than he looks. That ball zipped past from a length, though it clocked only 133 kph.;
11.6;?;Kulasekara to Ponting, no run shortens the length to end the over, and Ponting defends.;
11.5;2;Kulasekara to Ponting, 2 runs Australia have 50. Ponting gets across to another one angling in, and on-drives. Some sloppy work at mid-on allows the second.;
11.4;?;Kulasekara to Ponting, no run ambitious lbw appeal as Kula gets the ball to come in sharply, but Ponting is doing well to get the pad outside the line each time. Hit well outside the line of off stump here.;
11.3;4;Kulasekara to Ponting, FOUR runs risky from Ponting, but he gets away with it. 123 kph, but it seemed to stop big time on Ponting as he stood tall and looked to hoist it over the covers. That ball barely eluded cover-point before running away. Poorly timed.;
11.2;?;Kulasekara to Ponting, no run Ponting again moves across and covers the line as Kula continues to get them to dip in.;
11.1;?;Kulasekara to Ponting, no run and the ball continues to sing off the seam. Ponting gets the front pad well across and ends up having to defend around it.;
10.6;2;Eranga to Clarke, 2 runs nice timing from Clarke, again stands tall to a back of length ball and punches it past cover for a couple.;
10.5;?;Eranga to Clarke, no run short of a length outside off, Clarke crunches it off the back foot straight to cover.;
10.4;?;Eranga to Clarke, no run slower ball at 106 kph, full offcutter, seeing if Clarke wants to go for a loose drive. He doesn't - played cautiously into the off side.;
10.3;?;Eranga to Clarke, no run again stays behind the line and defends a length ball into the off side.;
10.2;?;Eranga to Clarke, no run a tad outside off this time, Clarke moves across confidently and plays it towards cover-point;
10.1;1;Eranga to Ponting, 1 run Ponting gets one on middle and works it to mid-on. Single taken with some god, energetic running.;
9.6;?;Kulasekara to Clarke, no run beaten outside off to end the over, Clarke was beaten by the lack of movement.;
9.5;?;Kulasekara to Clarke, no run better length, and line. It comes in from outside off and cramps Clarke who is caught on the crease as he looks to defend. Inside edge runs away towards square leg.;
9.4;4;Kulasekara to Clarke, FOUR runs Australia are fighting back nicely here. Clarke eases a smooth straight drive past the bowler and it purrs along to the boundary. Again, not over-pitched, just unbelievable timing.;
9.3;?;Kulasekara to Clarke, no run similar ball, Clarke moves into position to play it into the covers.;
9.2;?;Kulasekara to Clarke, no run back of a length ball, Clarke stays in the crease and forces it through the off side.;
9.1;4;Kulasekara to Clarke, FOUR runs Kula's inswingers are doing too much. This time it ends up on Clarke's pads and these batsmen are too good to let these go. Neat little glance to deep backward square leg for four.;
8.6;?;Eranga to Ponting, no run that's the glare! That's the #Pontingface. Length ball, he stays put and defends it back to the bowler, who in his debut-induced eagerness, picks it up and hurls it right back at him. Ponting turns back and gives him the glare. Eranga is reduced to a whimpering, blubbering apology. What fun!;
8.5;4;Eranga to Ponting, FOUR runs that's absolutely regal from Ponting! Not many batsmen can time a short of length ball so emphatically. Ponting gets half forward as he has done for so many years and just meets it on top of the bounce. The ball clatters through the vacancies in the covers.;
8.4;1;Eranga to Clarke, 1 run and he goes full now, Clarke is promptly onto the drive back down the track and Eranga sticks a boot out on his follow through to half-stop it. Guard the ankle, son.;
8.3;?;Eranga to Clarke, no run shortens the length further, Clarke plays back to it and pats it back down the strip.;
8.2;?;Eranga to Clarke, no run this is the perfect length, and close to the perfect line too. Short of a length on off stump, Clarke forces it without timing towards point.;
8.1;?;Eranga to Clarke, no run full outside off, gets Clarke to drive but he finds the fielder at cover.;
8.1;1w;Eranga to Clarke, 1 wide Eranga lets another wide go down the leg side.;
7.6;4;Kulasekara to Ponting, FOUR runs poor ball, with fine leg inside the circle. Kula again gets too much movement, and it ends up as easy meat on Ponting's pads. He glances it past the man inside the circle and that's the end of that.;
7.5;?;Kulasekara to Ponting, no run not there for the drive, Ponting mistimes the on drive and finds mid-on.;
7.4;?;Kulasekara to Ponting, no run Kula strays onto Ponting's pads and he works it through square leg.;
7.3;?;Kulasekara to Ponting, no run Ponting gets across to the line this time and dabs a length ball towards point.;
7.2;?;Kulasekara to Ponting, no run Kula beats Ponting outside off, lovely ball that shaped in from short of a length and then seemed to hold its line even as it bounced extra.;
7.1;4;Kulasekara to Ponting, FOUR runs short ball, seemed to keep lower than Ponting expected as he shaped for his trademark pull. The sudden dip did not worry him too much, he still managed to get it away without a fuss to deep backward square leg.;
6.6;?;Eranga to Clarke, no run back of a length to finish the over, Clarke pushes it into the off side and Ponting hares down in search of a single. Rightly sent back.;
6.5;?;Eranga to Clarke, no run 132 kph, gets Clarke to drive with a full-pitched ball and he finds mid-off.;
6.4;?;Eranga to Clarke, no run this is nice lively bowling, and decent shape off the seam. Clarke again leaves outside off.;
6.4;1w;Eranga to Clarke, 1 wide and now he gets some nip outside off, Clarke moves into line and then lets it go.;
6.3;?;Eranga to Clarke, no run attacks the stumps again, Clarke covers the line well and defends.;
6.2;W;Eranga to Haddin, OUT A wicket for Eranga in his first over at the highest level! That was pacy, and Haddin just seemed to play down the wrong line without moving the feet. Back of a length, a touch outside off stump and it went straight past the drive to uproot off stump. A classic clean-up job.;Brad Haddin b Eranga 5 (28m 20b 1x4 0x6) SR: 25;
6.2;1w;Eranga to Haddin, 1 wide Eranga seems to have a natural wrist positioning geared for the inswinger or the inducker. The ball angles in again and this time goes down the leg side.;
6.1;1;Eranga to Ponting, 1 run the first ball is sprayed onto the pads and Ponting whips to midwicket.;
5.6;?;Kulasekara to Haddin, no run Haddin is cramped outside off as he looks to move away and clatter a length ball through the off side.;
5.5;1;Kulasekara to Ponting, 1 run return catch goes down. Ponting presses forward for a pre-meditated drive as the ball comes on slower than he thought. He wasn't to the pitch of it, but went through with the shot. It came to the left of Kula at a catchable height, and he clanged it despite getting both hands to it.;
5.4;?;Kulasekara to Ponting, no run this one slows up on the track as Ponting tries to get forward, and it hits the splice.;
5.3;?;Kulasekara to Ponting, no run again that inwards movement from wide of off stump, and it jumps up for good measure. Ponting is hit close to the gloves as it jags back.;
5.2;?;Kulasekara to Ponting, no run this time he stays on leg stump line and defends with the angle to the leg side. Russel Arnold on air declares that "these are good dots".;
5.1;?;Kulasekara to Ponting, no run Kula continues to produce magic off the seam, another late inducker. Ponting is too far outside off as he reaches across and then plays around the pads to the leg side.;
4.6;?;Malinga to Haddin, no run fuller to end the over, Haddin reaches out to drive and punches it to mid-on.;
4.5;?;Malinga to Haddin, no run Haddin fiddles away outside off without much hope, Malinga is not giving him anything to drive here.;
4.4;?;Malinga to Haddin, no run slow yorker on off stump, Haddin spots it a tad late but keeps it out.;
4.3;?;Malinga to Haddin, no run normal service resumes, Haddin pokes a length ball from the crease into the point region.;
4.3;1w;Malinga to Haddin, 1 wide what happened there? Malinga sends down a beamer that catches Haddin by surprise as he ducks away, but the ball then alarmingly dips and goes quite close to leg stump, Malinga goes down in grief, he can't believe that missed the stumps! No apology made... Nasty stuff. Called a wide since it went down the leg side.;
4.2;?;Malinga to Haddin, no run Haddin stays on the crease and defends a length ball down the pitch.;
4.1;1;Malinga to Ponting, 1 run pacy but straight, Ponting works it through midwicket for a single.;
3.6;?;Kulasekara to Haddin, no run again on the pads, Haddin glances it fine with a nice little turn of the wrists, but the man at short fine leg does well to cover it.;
3.5;4;Kulasekara to Haddin, FOUR runs a rare poor ball from Kula, he swerves this too far down the leg side and Haddin graciously helps it along to fine leg for four.;
3.4;?;Kulasekara to Haddin, no run Haddin all at sea. He plays a backfoot cover drive and misses the ball by the width of two stumps at least as Kula bends another one in off the seam.;
3.3;1lb;Kulasekara to Ponting, 1 leg bye angled in towards Ponting's pads and he nudges it along backward of square leg for one.;
3.2;1;Kulasekara to Haddin, 1 run Haddin is away with a nervous single. Fuller length from Kula, Haddin is still stuck on the crease but manages to push it softly to the left of mid-on for a quick single.;
3.1;?;Kulasekara to Haddin, no run Haddin does it again, solid defence from the crease. 14 dots on the trot.;
2.6;?;Malinga to Ponting, no run finishes with another searing fast ball outside off that shapes away. Ponting shoulders arms.;
2.5;?;Malinga to Ponting, no run smart ball to send down on the free-hit, he bangs in the bouncer, quite high. Ponting spotted it late and refrained from the pull.;
2.5;1nb;Malinga to Ponting, (no ball) squared up first up! It is a no-ball though, and he will get a free-hit, but what a peach from Malinga. Again seams it away subtly, at a pace that was anything but subtle. Ponting searches for it and misses.;
2.4;W;Malinga to Watson, OUT Sri Lanka get Watson cheaply, and boy will they be relieved! Pace and a hint of movement do the trick, but it is crucial to note the perfect length from Malinga here. Not there for the drive or the cut, it forces Watson to fend-steer even as it shapes away a touch. Watson ends up steering it to the left of an alert Mahela at first slip and he takes it.;Shane Watson c Jayawardene b Malinga 5 (9m 8b 1x4 0x6) SR: 62.5;
2.3;?;Malinga to Watson, no run gets bat on it this time, staying in the crease he guides a length ball towards backward point.;
2.2;?;Malinga to Watson, no run beaten again, this time by pace as much as by bounce. Shorter and a touch wider outside off, Watson feels for it and only gets the feeling of air on his bat.;
2.1;?;Malinga to Watson, no run boy, we saw some near outside edges in the early afternoon, but this one takes the cake. Malinga slings it in towards middle and off and the side-arm angle makes it go away off a length even as Watson gropes for it down the wrong line. Misses the off stump by a whisker. Misses the outside edge by half a whisker.;
1.6;?;Kulasekara to Haddin, no run maiden for Kula and he pings that area again, back of a length and moving in. Haddin treats it with respect.;
1.5;?;Kulasekara to Haddin, no run this is top-class seam bowling. He's not giving anything to drive, and is yet having the batsman guessing with movement. Haddin is focusing on getting behind the line, rather than going for a shot - in the early overs of a big chase.;
1.4;?;Kulasekara to Haddin, no run back of a length on off stump, Haddin defends down the pitch.;
1.3;?;Kulasekara to Haddin, no run and again, Kula keeps bowling these lovely in seamers. Haddin carefully defends from the crease.;
1.2;?;Kulasekara to Haddin, no run huge lbw appeal, but Rauf says no. And SL don't go for the review. Haddin was stuck on the crease as Kula brought it in again from back of a length, but the bounce seemed to save him. Too high.;
1.1;?;Kulasekara to Haddin, no run and as is his wont he gets the first ball to bend in sharply. Haddin manages to get behind it and play it to point.;
0.6;?;Malinga to Watson, no run they don't do yorkers the way this man does! Stunning ball on middle stump, Watson does really well to crouch low and dig it out.;
0.5;4;Malinga to Watson, FOUR runs lucky, but Watson will take it. Malinga got some shape away from him this time, but it was a low full toss. Watson guided it, part intentionally, between slip and gully for a boundary.;
0.4;?;Malinga to Watson, no run fuller length, attacking the stumps, but it meets Watson's confident straight bat. Played down to mid-on.;
0.3;1lb;Malinga to Haddin, 1 leg bye on the pads again, Haddin misses the glide off the hips and they gets a leg-bye.;
0.2;?;Malinga to Haddin, no run straighter than he wants to be, but a good length. Haddin works it off the pads quietly to mid-on;
0.1;1;Malinga to Watson, 1 run short of a length and pacy, Watson covers the line and guides it to point.;

Malinga to open the bowling, Watson faces. Here we go.
SL would love to win today, if they do they will move to 2nd in the ICC ODI ratings. Australia miles ahead of the pack with 133 points, but India (117), South Africa (116) and Sri Lanka (115) are clustered together. If SL win today, they move up to 118 points (though a defeat in the 4th ODI will pull them down again).
 Innings Start
Sri Lanka
Australia
3rd ODI (D/N), Hambantota, Aug 16 2011, Australia tour of Sri Lanka
286/9
208
Player of the match is Upul Tharanga, SL
Sri Lanka won by 78 runs
