Data
2.50 pm Runs on the board in a virtual final, and 281 is a pretty decent score but New Zealand were heading north of 300 with Ross Taylor making his 16th ODI century - the most by a batsman from his country. He says: "pleasing to hit a hundred in a must-win game, but we're 15 or 20 short. We got a few good runs late in the innings though. Dean Brownlie played really well on his comeback [hitting 63 off 78], at his home ground. Australia did really well in the back end, bowling back of a length and the cross-seamers and slower balls. Hopefully we can learn from them and defend this."
The combination of Pat Cummins and James Faulkner - bowling into the wicket to extract occasional extra bounce - and then Mitchell Starc generating reverse swing at nearly 150 kph made sure New Zealand had a tough time in the back end of their innings. They lost 5 wickets for 42 runs between the 32nd and 41st over which forced Taylor to reassess. He was batting ever so fluently, established by the fact he was on 4 when Brownlie was 40 and beat his partner to a half-century. Colin Munro, James Neesham and MItchell Santner couldn't rotate strike well enough and Taylor barely got any strike in the final few overs. Santner, at least, made up for it in the end, hitting three boundaries in three balls to push the score up to 281. Australia with their noses in front, but things take wild turns in chases. So stick around. We'll be back in half an hour
Alex: "Fair enough that NZ's middle order looks weak. We have only recently lost the experience of guys like Elliot, Vettori, and Natham McCullum (not to mention his brother Baz up top), and we are missing Guppy too. Give us time to build back. You can't get experience by dropping newcomers."
Mitch: ""you can't get experience by dropping newcomers" Well they dropped Henry Nicholls when One Dayers are his best format, averages over 44 in List A"
Glen: "Alex: interesting that players with 20 (Munro), 27 (Broom) and 30 (Neesham) ODIs under their belts are considered newcomers..." Well, Broom's making his second coming and Neesham's had a bit of a stop-start career so maybe the point stands.
Aussiefan97: "That was the most unbelievable over!! W, W, 1NB, 0, 4, 4, 6 !!! So is that a good over for NZ then??"
49.6;6;Starc to Santner, SIX runs finishes off with a six. This is length again from Starc and Santner is able to get under it with a slog over deep midwicket;
49.5;4;Starc to Santner, FOUR runs whips a low full toss over deep midwicket. A late flourish for New Zealand, Santner making up for all the balls he ate up earlier;
49.4;4;Starc to Santner, FOUR runs length ball outside off at 148,8 kph and it's smacked over extra cover. Starc's quickest ball comes in the last over of the innings;
49.3;?;Starc to Santner, no run swings at the free hit, which seems to be the slower ball outside off, misses;
49.3;2nb;Starc to Boult, (no ball) 1 run searches for the yorker again but it comes off as a full toss, a high full toss, over the waist according to umpire Brown, who is not at square leg. Tight call that. In fact, the wrong call, the ball dips well below the waist when Boult defends it towards point.;
49.2;W;Starc to Ferguson, OUT another yorker and the stumps are in disarray again. Ferguson's bat just doesn't come down quick enough. Starc just turns around after seeing the bails fly. He wants to get this over with, put his feet up, bag the trophy and go home. Seems to be getting some late away swing as well;Lockie Ferguson b Starc 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
49.1;W;Starc to Southee, OUT nothing better for a fast bowler. A searing 146 kph yorker on the base of middle stump and Southee, running away from the ball, leaves it free passage to hit his woodwork. Starc's pitch map today would make fine reading. So many into the blockhole;Tim Southee b Starc 10 (12m 8b 0x4 1x6) SR: 125;
48.6;4;Faulkner to Santner, FOUR runs gets the gap between point and short third man. The slower ball goes awry as Faulkner gives both width and the length to get under and crash it away;
48.5;2;Faulkner to Santner, 2 runs low full toss on leg stump, Santner whips it behind square leg for a couple;
48.4;?;Faulkner to Santner, no run lenght ball, swings and misses as it lobs over middle stump;
48.3;1;Faulkner to Southee, 1 run full and outside off, smears it through cover;
48.2;6;Faulkner to Southee, SIX runs gets length and Southee winds up... this looks like six.. this should have been six a lot more easily... but Stoinis almost pulls off the most miraculous effort. He is on the edge of the deep midwicket boundary, leaping back sticking his right hand high and behind him to try and take a catch. Does so one-handed and sees Cummins running in from square leg on his peripheral vision, tries to toss it to him to complete the wicket. No luck there. And worse, the back of his boot stamps on the advertising triangles as he got hold of the ball. Great effort, though.;
48.1;1;Faulkner to Santner, 1 run Faulkner goes blockhole too, on leg stump, and Santner is able to heave it away to deep square leg;
43.6;1;Starc to Taylor, 1 run goes around the stumps for a full delivery outside off and spears it through point;
43.5;1;Starc to Santner, 1 run nails a yorker at 145 kph, swinging in late too, Santner is able to dig it out just in time to deep square leg;
43.4;2;Starc to Santner, 2 runs full toss angled into leg, pacy too, flicks it through to deep square leg;
43.3;6;Starc to Santner, SIX runs well, there's something different. Gets a pitched up delivery on off stump and Santner steps gaily forward - he's not been able to do that since forever - and hits it over the straight boundary. First six, and first boundary in 12 overs;
43.2;?;Starc to Santner, no run shortish on middle and leg, defends off the back foot;
43.1;1;Starc to Taylor, 1 run shortish and outside off, cuts to deep point;
42.6;?;Hazlewood to Santner, no run and finishes it off with a back of a length delivery on middle and leg. Santner tries to make room and punch it through the gap at cover. Only there's no gap at cover;
42.5;?;Hazlewood to Santner, no run back of a length, guides it to point. Could well be another one-run over in the last 10.;
42.4;?;Hazlewood to Santner, no run bouncer, skirting across the left-hander, climbing over his left shoulder. Santner goes for a pull but is beaten for pace;
42.3;?;Hazlewood to Santner, no run tries to flat-bat a shortish delivery on off stump, but only finds mid-off. Excellent fields from Finch. Most men up on the off side;
42.2;?;Hazlewood to Santner, no run pushes him back with a short ball on off stump and Santner can only pat it down to point;
42.1;1;Hazlewood to Taylor, 1 run plays a leg glance, using the bowler's pace and the fact that he strayed too straight for a single to long leg;
47.6;1;Starc to Santner, 1 run yorker on off stump, Santner can only save his sticks and pick up a single to square leg;
47.5;1;Starc to Southee, 1 run length ball, bunted towards long-on, but the timing is so poor that mid-off gets to it before long-on. New Zealand limp to 250;
47.4;1;Starc to Santner, 1 run yorker on middle, Santner squeezes it to long-on;
47.3;1;Starc to Southee, 1 run full as he aims for the base of off stump, Southee, for once, stays put and drives through cover;
47.2;?;Starc to Southee, no run fuller delivery at rapid pace, Southee is slinking away from the line, throwing his hands at the ball. Beaten again;
47.1;?;Starc to Southee, no run good length ball, pitching on a good length, outside off and veering away off the bat after pitching. Half an appeal from the bowler, the on-field umpire Brown says no, but Finch goes for the review. No mark on HotSpot. No Spike on Snicko;
46.6;1;Faulkner to Southee, 1 run back of the hand slower ball on off stump, drives it to long-off;
46.5;W;Faulkner to Taylor, OUT pummels it... straight to deep square leg. Taylor walks off to a rousing ovation, but without him, New Zealand have no hope of getting to the kind of score they want. Good bowling from Faulkner, hitting a stump-to-stump line, changing his pace as often as possible;Ross Taylor c Stoinis b Faulkner 107 (147m 101b 13x4 0x6) SR: 105.94;
46.4;1;Faulkner to Santner, 1 run aims a yorker on the base of leg stump, Santner flicks it through to deep midwicket;
46.3;1;Faulkner to Taylor, 1 run tries to hit the slower ball a touch too hard, looking to midwicket instead of long-on, and gets an inside edge to short fine leg;
46.2;4lb;Faulkner to Taylor, 4 leg byes that's out of his T20 playbook, shuffling across to off stump and swinging across the line of a length ball. Misses it completely, of course, and gets leg byes to long leg;
46.1;1;Faulkner to Santner, 1 run short and outside off, crashes it to deep point;
41.6;?;Cummins to Santner, no run top work in the covers, Stoinis diving to his left to save a certain boundary. Australia haven't bowled too many bad balls in the back end, and this one, a half-volley has been salvaged;
41.5;1;Cummins to Taylor, 1 run gets up on his toes to a short delivery outside off and steers it to deep third man;
41.4;1;Cummins to Santner, 1 run opens the face and glides a shortish delivery to deep third man;
41.3;?;Cummins to Santner, no run good length outside off, Santner blocks to point;
41.2;?;Cummins to Santner, no run back of a length on leg stump, Santner blocks it;
41.1;1;Cummins to Taylor, 1 run fuller delivery on middle and off, Taylor is looking for a nudge through midwicket but gets a leading edge through cover;
40.6;1;Hazlewood to Taylor, 1 run tips in front of point and runs through to keep strike;
40.5;1;Hazlewood to Santner, 1 run opens the face and glides the shortish delivery outside off to deep third man;
40.4;?;Hazlewood to Santner, no run;
40.3;?;Hazlewood to Santner, no run back of a length on leg stump, defends;
40.2;W;Hazlewood to Neesham, OUT chops on and Neesham falls. Clever bowling from Australia, they've realised the kind of bowling that will help on this pitch, the cross seamers and slower balls and hitting the deck with the seam. This one climbs a bit more on the batsman and his trying to find runs at third man fails badly. The ball grazes past off stump, the bail takes a long time coming off, but off it comes. Neesham almost thought he had gotten away with it;James Neesham b Hazlewood 1 (8m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 14.28;
40.1;1;Hazlewood to Taylor, 1 run;
45.6;4;Starc to Taylor, FOUR runs smashes it over extra cover. Taylor picks up the slower ball, gets under it and beats the infield. Brutal, after a period of wondering what he should be doing.;
45.5;1;Starc to Santner, 1 run low full toss outside leg, Santner heaves it to the left of long-on;
45.4;?;Starc to Santner, no run 145 kph, full on off stump, gets an inside edge onto his boot. Has Starc got reverse? As if New Zealand didn't have enough things to worry about;
45.3;?;Starc to Santner, no run full and outside off, drills it to mid-off;
45.2;1;Starc to Taylor, 1 run fuller delivery outside off, pushes into the covers;
45.1;4;Starc to Taylor, FOUR runs gets a thick outside edge to the third man boundary. That's hundred no. 16, the most by a New Zealand batsman in ODIs, equal with Nathan Astle. Full and wide, he slashes, hard and gets away with it;
44.6;?;Cummins to Santner, no run backs away as he tries to carve some runs through point, but Cummins one-ups the batsman with a slower ball which results in an inside edge down the pitch. End of a top spell: 10-0-47-1;
44.5;?;Cummins to Santner, no run full on off stump, defends;
44.4;1;Cummins to Taylor, 1 run another offcutter, short and wide, Taylor has to reach out to make contact. Gets a single to point;
44.3;?;Cummins to Taylor, no run shortish and outside off, goes for the cut but is beaten by the offcutter;
44.2;1;Cummins to Santner, 1 run makes room and steers a shortish delivery to deep point;
44.1;1;Cummins to Taylor, 1 run good length ball on off stump, ticks it through midwicket;
39.6;?;Cummins to Neesham, no run another bouncer, and this time Neesham goes for a pull, and is beaten for pace and bounce;
39.5;?;Cummins to Neesham, no run digs it in finally and Neesham is in all sorts. Fends a 146 kph delivery off his chest but makes sure to keep it down.;
39.4;?;Cummins to Neesham, no run fuller delivery outside off, Neesham is still hanging back as he defends to point;
39.3;?;Cummins to Neesham, no run another good length ball, on middle, Neesham is behind it this time;
39.2;?;Cummins to Neesham, no run actually he does, it's the bluff from Cummins, as he puts in a good length ball, angles it across the left-hander and nearly has him caught behind. No feet from the batsman;
39.1;1;Cummins to Taylor, 1 run shortish on middle and leg, nudged away to long leg;
38.6;1;Hazlewood to Taylor, 1 run sliding down, which Taylor makes use of and flicks through square leg;
38.5;1;Hazlewood to Neesham, 1 run back of a length and outside off, and the ball just pings off he open face of the bat to deep third man. Lots of work for him to do;
38.4;W;Hazlewood to Munro, OUT the pressure has told. Munro couldn't get anything away. Not even singles, with the field up. And here, he tries to chip a fuller ball outside off for a few runs but does so in the air. Starc at mid-off, comes forward and dives to complete the formalities;Colin Munro c Starc b Hazlewood 3 (11m 9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
38.3;?;Hazlewood to Munro, no run stands up tall behind a short delivery outside off and punches it to mid-off;
38.2;1;Hazlewood to Taylor, 1 run back of a length and outside off, Taylor finds a single at cover. Is he reassessing targets considering the way the pitch is behaving as it dries out?;
38.1;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run rears up off a length and hits Taylor's back elbow whilst he tries to defend;
37.6;1;Faulkner to Taylor, 1 run into the pads and Taylor is able to tap it through square leg;
37.5;?;Faulkner to Taylor, no run full delivery outside off, pushes it down the ground, looking for long-off, but short cover cuts across quickly enough;
37.4;1;Faulkner to Munro, 1 run on middle and leg, Munro clips it to deep square leg;
37.3;2;Faulkner to Munro, 2 runs shortish and outside off, slaps it to the right of deep point;
37.2;1;Faulkner to Taylor, 1 run full and outside off, flicks it to the right of midwicket. Brings up the 200.;
37.1;?;Faulkner to Taylor, no run good length ball outside off, hits the seam and nips away past the driving blade of Taylor. That's the impact of the grass on the pitch, holding it together and giving it its pace.;
36.6;?;Hazlewood to Munro, no run surprises the batsman with extra bounce and Munro, shaping to flat-bat the shortish delivery on middle, ends up having to adjust. In the end, the ball hits bat and runs to point;
36.5;?;Hazlewood to Munro, no run good length just outside off, Munro tries to hit the ball a bit too hard and gets an inside edge down the pitch. Taylor walks up to his partner to have a word;
36.4;?;Hazlewood to Munro, no run fuller delivery outside off, hits to mid-off;
36.3;?;Hazlewood to Munro, no run fuller delivery outside off, drives to cover's left;
36.2;?;Hazlewood to Munro, no run tries to flick a shortish delivery off his hips, but he seems to be into the shot too early. Gets an inside edge onto his body.;
36.1;1;Hazlewood to Taylor, 1 run fuller delivery outside off, pushes it through the covers.;
35.6;W;Faulkner to Broom, OUT huge nick and umpire Brown says off you go. Hits the seam and kicks up off the pitch. Takes the outside edge at the shoulder of Broom's bat as he comes forward to try and defend. Beautiful bowling, with just a little help from the pitch;Neil Broom c ?Handscomb b Faulkner 8 (24m 12b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
35.5;1;Faulkner to Taylor, 1 run drops it in front of point and scurries off for a single. Faulkner's back of a length becoming predictable?;
35.4;1;Faulkner to Broom, 1 run hangs back with his bat like a ramp for the short ball to ping off of to deep third man;
35.3;?;Faulkner to Broom, no run back of a length on off stump, defends;
35.2;2;Faulkner to Broom, 2 runs angled into the right-hander and Broom works it beautiful with a flick of his wrists, making sure to place the ball between long leg and deep square leg.;
35.1;1;Faulkner to Taylor, 1 run shortish and outside off, and Taylor cracks this one, bowled from around the wicket, to deep third man;
34.6;1;Cummins to Taylor, 1 run 144kph, full and outside off, drives through cover;
34.6;1w;Cummins to Taylor, 1 wide way too high, and way too far outside off. That's the third wide of the over. Walks back with a disheartened smile;
34.5;1;Cummins to Broom, 1 run good length and outside off, Broom bops it to deep point;
34.4;1;Cummins to Taylor, 1 run full on middle, Taylor punches it to mid-on for a single;
34.4;1w;Cummins to Taylor, 1 wide goes for the bouncer at 145 kph, but it's too far down leg;
34.3;1;Cummins to Broom, 1 run back of a length and outside off, slaps it through cover;
34.2;1;Cummins to Taylor, 1 run back of a length on off stump, Taylor drops and runs and Broom has a little problem with Cummins cutting across and racing past him - boy, the difference in speeds between the two is startling - and then the bowler kicks the ball at the stumps. Doesn't hit target as the batsman dives in;
34.2;1w;Cummins to Taylor, 1 wide 141 kph, goes for a pull against a short ball climbing past his left shoulder. Umpire calls wide for line;
34.1;?;Cummins to Taylor, no run bangs it in on middle and leg, Taylor rises with it and keeps it down;
33.6;1;Faulkner to Taylor, 1 run good length ball on off stump, drives through the covers;
33.5;1;Faulkner to Broom, 1 run closes the face a touch too early and a full delivery on off stump gets the leading edge through cover;
33.4;1;Faulkner to Taylor, 1 run back of the hand slower ball, seems to bite into the pitch and bounce more. Taylor glides it to third man;
33.3;?;Faulkner to Taylor, no run fuller delivery outside off, drives to mid-off;
33.2;1;Faulkner to Broom, 1 run opens the face against a good length ball to find a single through point;
33.1;1;Faulkner to Taylor, 1 run deft little stroke as Taylor moves outside off stump to get close to a shortish delivery and run it to third man;
32.6;?;Cummins to Broom, no run full and outside off, drives to cover. That's drinks, by the way.;
32.5;1;Cummins to Taylor, 1 run climbs on Taylor, does this short delivery, but he is able to defuse it around the corner at square leg. Good work with soft hands.;
32.4;?;Cummins to Taylor, no run full on off stump, having gone wide of the crease, Taylor drives to mid-on;
32.3;1;Cummins to Broom, 1 run full and outside off, drives through to deep cover;
32.2;?;Cummins to Broom, no run back of a length and outside off, guides it behind point;
32.1;1;Cummins to Taylor, 1 run lays into a drive as this full delivery from outside off is sent to deep cover;
32.1;1w;Cummins to Taylor, 1 wide digs it in short, and outside off, gains a little too much height off this hard pitch and is penalised for it;
31.6;?;Faulkner to Broom, no run full and just outside off from around the stumps, Broom steers it to point;
31.5;W;Faulkner to Brownlie, OUT big appeal for caught behind, they're going up with the noise, but could it be bat hitting ground? Australia go for review. It's a very full, very wide delivery, that Brownlie looks to slice off the open face. Chris Brown, the on-field umpire, said no. But snicko points out a spike as the ball passes the bat. Umpire Dharmasena asks the decision to be reversed and so Handscomb has a second catch, this one diving forward to pick up a ball that is dying on his way through to him;Dean Brownlie c ?Handscomb b Faulkner 63 (137m 78b 7x4 0x6) SR: 80.76;
31.4;1;Faulkner to Taylor, 1 run that's the back of the hand slower ball at 108 kph, Taylor reads it well and nudges it through midwicket to bring up the hundred partnership at nearly run-a-ball;
31.3;1;Faulkner to Brownlie, 1 run fuller delivery outside off, drives to the left of mid-off;
31.2;4;Faulkner to Brownlie, FOUR runs gets just enough bat on a clear-the-front-leg slap down the ground to get himself a boundary. Faulkner gives him the length to leverage and he takes full toll;
31.1;1;Faulkner to Taylor, 1 run fuller delivery on off stump, plants it at long-on;
30.6;1;Cummins to Taylor, 1 run makes him hop, but Taylor gets the better of the bowler by using soft hands and dabbing the ball just to the right of the pitch;
30.5;1;Cummins to Brownlie, 1 run works a short delivery off his hips to long leg;
30.4;?;Cummins to Brownlie, no run good bouncer. It's at 142 kph, angled into the right-hander, threatening his chest. Brownlie does superbly to keep his eyes on the ball all the way through and sway out of the way;
30.3;1;Cummins to Taylor, 1 run short and wide, Taylor has to reach as far as the wide line to make contact. Single to deep point;
30.2;4;Cummins to Taylor, FOUR runs oh, that's annoying for the bowler. He has made Taylor push hard at a back of a length delivery that straightens off the seam but the outside edge hits the third man boundary;
30.1;?;Cummins to Taylor, no run shortish and outside off, Taylor, for once, misses the cut;
29.6;4;Zampa to Brownlie, FOUR runs no need to do anything fancy with the feet when you can stand and deliver like that. Positions himself leg side of the ball with Zampa always trying to angle the ball into middle and leg and then carves the ball over extra cover.;
29.5;1;Zampa to Taylor, 1 run eases it into the covers for a quick single, and Maxwell with a one-handed pick up, throws well over the bowler's head;
29.4;?;Zampa to Taylor, no run comes down the track, so Zampa flattens the trajectory and directs the ball wider outside off. Taylor has to adjust and get bat to ball to avoid being stumps;
29.3;?;Zampa to Taylor, no run pushes it back at the bowler;
29.2;1;Zampa to Brownlie, 1 run Brownlie seems a little fidgety now for some reason, perhaps being forced to get on with it when he isn't ready to. Comes down the track, and has made a little too much room for himself. Ends up with a thick outside edge that falls short of backward point;
29.1;1;Zampa to Taylor, 1 run another direct hit, this time from Stoinis at point at the non-strikers' end. But Taylor, in danger again, has made his ground after playing a cut shot to a delivery on off stump;
28.6;?;Starc to Brownlie, no run back of a length on off stump at 145 kph, tucks it towards midwicket and Starc fields it himself;
28.5;?;Starc to Brownlie, no run stays back even with the ball being full and pushes it to mid-off. Taylor is a little enthusiastic at the non-strikers' but seems to have dived back into his crease to save himself from a direct hit. Finch with the almost golden arm;
28.4;?;Starc to Brownlie, no run full and just outside off, defends;
28.3;1;Starc to Taylor, 1 run can't get the cut the way he wants because of the pace, and the line not really being too wide. Chops it to backward point;
28.2;1;Starc to Brownlie, 1 run offcutter on off stump, gave that away very early with a change in his action, the batsman stays back and flicks through midwicket;
28.1;?;Starc to Brownlie, no run full and outside off allows Brownlie to strut out his on the up cover drive;
27.6;?;Zampa to Taylor, no run;
27.5;?;Zampa to Taylor, no run tosses it up outside off, dragging the batsman forward, making him reach for the ball, and then does him with the turn. Taylor nearly pops a catch to short cover;
27.4;1;Zampa to Brownlie, 1 run just lobs point running back, Stoinis backtracks, leaps up, gets a hand on it, but these kinds of catches have to stick. Lucky to survive is Brownlie, after coming down the track and deceived in the flight. He tries to check his shot, but still the ball leaps off the outside edge. Still, difficult to call that a drop;
27.3;1;Zampa to Taylor, 1 run frees the arms and drives in front of point. Nice and flowing;
27.2;?;Zampa to Taylor, no run tosses it up on off stump, drives into the covers;
27.1;4;Zampa to Taylor, FOUR runs cuts from the stumps, and despite the loads of risk involved, he times the pants off the late cut to the third man boundary. He plays the length, it's just short enough for those hands of his to take over and manufacture something beautiful;
26.6;1;Starc to Taylor, 1 run short and wide, Taylor reaches for it with a cut to deep point;
26.5;1;Starc to Brownlie, 1 run that's his first ODI fifty, gets to the mark with a handsome drive to mid-off. Was out of the side for two years, and now he returns, on his home ground, to get an important landmark for him. Little raise of the bat and back to work;
26.4;1;Starc to Taylor, 1 run full and wide, Taylor cracks it to deep cover;
26.3;1;Starc to Brownlie, 1 run blocks with soft hands into the covers and gets the affirmative from Taylor for a quick single. Top work from both batsmen;
26.2;?;Starc to Brownlie, no run goes for the blockhole outside off, Brownlie opens the face, looking for a single, but point is alert;
26.1;?;Starc to Brownlie, no run full and outside off, pushes it to mid-off;
25.6;4;Zampa to Taylor, FOUR runs laces it to the cover boundary. Just a little too much flight from Zampa on that occasion and Taylor gets under the half-volley and powers it away;
25.5;1;Zampa to Brownlie, 1 run stays back on middle and drives to long-on;
25.4;?;Zampa to Brownlie, no run shortish and outside off, cuts into the covers;
25.3;1;Zampa to Taylor, 1 run loops it up, nice and slow, Taylor tries to hit it so very hard, ends up with an inside edge through midwicket. That brings up his half-century. He was 4 when Brownlie got into the 40s and has overtaken his partner to the landmark;
25.2;4;Zampa to Taylor, FOUR runs too short and Taylor rocks back, opening up his hips to nail a pull through square leg;
25.1;?;Zampa to Taylor, no run flights it on off stump, Taylor pushes it back down the pitch;
24.6;?;Stoinis to Brownlie, no run huge appeal for lbw but umpire Palliyaguruge shakes his head again. No review from Australia. This is just back of a length on middle and off, and Brownlie is on his back foot, playing all around it. Hit high on the back pad. Height the issue;
24.5;?;Stoinis to Brownlie, no run backs away to a fuller delivery on off stump and steers it to backward point;
24.4;1;Stoinis to Taylor, 1 run loads up a pull and sends the short delivery outside off scurrying to deep midwicket;
24.3;1;Stoinis to Brownlie, 1 run shortish and outside off, hangs back and dabs it towards third man;
24.2;1;Stoinis to Taylor, 1 run full and outside off, drives to mid-of at the edge of the circle;
24.1;?;Stoinis to Taylor, no run waits on a full delivery on off stump and tries to scythe it through extra cover, but there's a man there;
23.6;1;Faulkner to Taylor, 1 run full and outside off, unleashes a square drive to deep point;
23.5;?;Faulkner to Taylor, no run fuller delivery outside off, smacks it through the covers;
23.4;?;Faulkner to Taylor, no run fuller delivery, perhaps slower too, defends;
23.3;4;Faulkner to Taylor, FOUR runs thick edge, flies past the wicketkeeper. Very tough to call that a drop, because Handscomb was diving full length to his right. Evades his fingertips;
23.2;4;Faulkner to Taylor, FOUR runs outstanding shot. There is barely any room, with Faulkner coming around the wicket, but Taylor is still able to carve it behind point. Waits just enough and then brings all his power into play;
23.1;?;Faulkner to Taylor, no run full on off stump, Taylor clatters it to midwicket;
22.6;?;Stoinis to Brownlie, no run full and a shade wide, Brownlie runs it to backward point;
22.5;1;Stoinis to Taylor, 1 run seems to have to deal with a little extra bounce at the last second as Taylor gets a little inside edge off the shoulder of the bat to square leg;
22.4;1;Stoinis to Brownlie, 1 run there's a man sweeping on the off side boundary now and Brownlie's rasping cut only ends up a single;
22.3;1;Stoinis to Taylor, 1 run uses the angle into him to his benefit as he flicks a short ball to deep square leg;
22.2;?;Stoinis to Taylor, no run full on off stump, Taylor is forward with a solid defensive push;
22.1;?;Stoinis to Taylor, no run fuller delivery on off stump at 131 kph, defends;
21.6;1;Faulkner to Taylor, 1 run shortish and outside off, steers it to deep third man;
21.5;1;Faulkner to Brownlie, 1 run takes a short delivery from outside off and pulls it to deep square leg;
21.4;?;Faulkner to Brownlie, no run fuller delivery outside off, drives to mid-off;
21.3;1;Faulkner to Taylor, 1 run back of a length and outside off as Faulkner switches around the wicket, taps it to deep third man;
21.2;1;Faulkner to Brownlie, 1 run walks into a flick as he takes a good length ball on off stump and sends it to deep square leg;
21.1;1;Faulkner to Taylor, 1 run short delivery, angled across Taylor with the left-armer's angle from over the wicket. Mistimed pull shot fetches a single through midwicket;
20.6;1;Hazlewood to Taylor, 1 run whips a full delivery on middle to deep square leg.;
20.5;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run back of a length and only a shade outside off, Taylor respects it with a leave;
20.4;4;Hazlewood to Taylor, FOUR runs very little danger in that shot, given the liberty to free the arms, Taylor goes full blooded with the cut, soars over point and it's well to the right of deep third man. Nearly goes for six;
20.3;1;Hazlewood to Brownlie, 1 run on the pads again and Brownlie works it through to deep square leg;
20.2;1;Hazlewood to Taylor, 1 run clips a shortish delivery on middle and leg behind square leg;
20.1;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run full on off stump, Taylor is forward with a straight bat facing downwards;
19.6;?;Faulkner to Brownlie, no run full on off stump, from around the wicket to Brownlie, defends from the crease;
19.5;1;Faulkner to Taylor, 1 run moves inside the line and flicks a shortish delivery off middle and off to long leg;
19.4;?;Faulkner to Taylor, no run back of a length on off stump, defends;
19.3;4;Faulkner to Taylor, FOUR runs a thick outside edge runs away to the third man boundary as Faulkner, back over the wicket after the first ball, gets the angle working for him. Unfortunately though, he has four against his name for his good work;
19.2;?;Faulkner to Taylor, no run moves across into the off side to drive a full length deliveyr back at the bowler. Would be outrageous to call that a drop. Solid connection from the batsman, the ball was dying on its way back to Faulkner, and it went away to his right too;
19.1;1lb;Faulkner to Brownlie, 1 leg bye shortish, into the body, makes the batsman hop. Brownlie deflects it to the left of the wicketkeeper;
18.6;4;Hazlewood to Taylor, FOUR runs full and wide, and Taylor flays it away through point to bring up the hundred. Looks like he won't be holding back. Knows this is a good pitch, that he can hit through the line so easily that even good deliveries fly away.;
18.5;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run full on off stump, pushes it to mid-on. Some late swing into the bat from Hazlewood;
18.4;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run full, aimed at leg stump, Taylor falls over while he tries to flick. Weathers half an lbw appeal. Would have slid down leg;
18.3;4;Hazlewood to Taylor, FOUR runs now to the long end of the park. Such a brutal pull from Taylor, dragging the ball from over shoulder-height outside off stump and blitzing it through in front square;
18.2;4;Hazlewood to Taylor, FOUR runs hammers the short and wide delivery to the point boundary. Has all the liberty he needs to pull off this shot. The pace from the bowler, the width to free the arms and the short boundary too;
18.1;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run back of a length on off stump, keeps it out;
17.6;1;Zampa to Taylor, 1 run lots of power from Taylor, bringing his bottom hand into play on this flighted delivery on leg stump. Single to long-on;
17.5;1;Zampa to Brownlie, 1 run comes forward and hits all along the ground to long-off;
17.4;1;Zampa to Taylor, 1 run comes down the track to the pitch of the legbreak outside off and drives to long-off;
17.3;?;Zampa to Taylor, no run good length ball on off stump, defends;
17.2;1;Zampa to Brownlie, 1 run that's a top edge, the two men at point are in business, but Faulkner, diving forward, had no chance really. A little extra bounce off a shortish delivery on fifth stump;
17.1;?;Zampa to Brownlie, no run waits on the ball to turn, after pitching on a length, and Brownlie slices it to point off the open face;
16.6;1;Hazlewood to Brownlie, 1 run taps it towards square leg for a single and that takes us to the first drinks break of the match;
16.5;1;Hazlewood to Taylor, 1 run nudges a short ball into the leg side, and having done so with soft hands and placing it well to the right of short midwicket, Taylor gets off strike;
16.4;?;Hazlewood to Taylor, no run good length ball outside off, defends;
16.3;1;Hazlewood to Brownlie, 1 run short and into the body, Brownlie swivels into a pull and places the ball behind square leg;
16.2;?;Hazlewood to Brownlie, no run full and outside off, drives it into the covers;
16.1;?;Hazlewood to Brownlie, no run falls short of the wicketkeeper. Hazlewood comes back into the attack and gets the outside edge as Taylor tries to cut a reasonably fuller delivery;
15.6;2;Zampa to Taylor, 2 runs another short delivery, cut away through point and they're taking on the fielder, and the short side of the ground. The throw needs to be good.... but it's not, forcing the wicketkeeper to leap up and drag the ball down from well over head height. In that time, Taylor dives and makes it;
15.5;1;Zampa to Brownlie, 1 run a touch short, which allows Taylor to rock back and cut to deep point;
15.4;1;Zampa to Taylor, 1 run drives with an open face towards point, where Cummins puts in a dive to his right;
15.3;?;Zampa to Taylor, no run plays around his front pad as Zampa gets the leggie to drift in on off stump. Manages an inside edge to mid-on;
15.2;?;Zampa to Taylor, no run tosses it up outside off, Taylor comes forward and slaps it to cover;
15.1;1;Zampa to Brownlie, 1 run eases it through to long-on;
14.6;?;Cummins to Taylor, no run back of a length and outside off, offers no shot;
14.5;W;Cummins to Williamson, OUT what a beauty! Extra bounce, and darting in off the seam too. It's that movement that does him. The ball begins as a short one outside off so Williamson gets a late cut ready, but he is caught off guard because it rears up, cramps him for room and takes a little tickle off the inside edge through to the keeper. Great reward for a probing spell from Cummins.;Kane Williamson c ?Handscomb b Cummins 36 (51m 42b 5x4 0x6) SR: 85.71;
14.4;1;Cummins to Brownlie, 1 run goes for the on-the-up drive to a full delivery outside off and at 143 kph. Brownlie gets a thick edge to third man.;
14.4;1w;Cummins to Brownlie, 1 wide 140 kph, goes for the bouncer, but it soars over Brownlie's head, even though he is ducking. Umpire Brown at square leg signals wide and his partner Palliyaguruge follows suit;
14.3;1;Cummins to Williamson, 1 run 144kph, waits on the short one outside off and dabs it to third man on the boundary;
14.2;?;Cummins to Williamson, no run 144 kph, good length ball on off stump, keeps it out, consciously keeping his bat face down;
14.1;1;Cummins to Brownlie, 1 run squares him up with a good length ball catching Brownlie at the crease. It's at 145 kph too. Thick outside edge dribbles down to third man;
13.6;1;Zampa to Brownlie, 1 run tries to come down the track, while making room, and this time Zampa surprises the batsman with a googly. Brownlie hacks it, and mistimes it to long-off. It's only two overs, but lovely spell so far from the legspinner;
13.5;1;Zampa to Williamson, 1 run manages to drive a flighted delivery on off stump past Zampa's left. Again, his footwork is to get himself leg side of the ball;
13.4;?;Zampa to Williamson, no run digs out a 88kph delivery on the base of off stump;
13.3;?;Zampa to Williamson, no run sees Williamson advancing and changes his length, and pace. Quicker, shorter, forces the batsman to rethink his shot. No runs to midwicket;
13.2;?;Zampa to Williamson, no run brings a straight bat down on a tossed up delivery on middle, and moves to his right to stop any runs;
13.1;1;Zampa to Brownlie, 1 run a bit of a full toss again, drifting in on middle and leg, Brownlie nudges it past the left of short midwicket;
12.6;?;Cummins to Williamson, no run defends a shortish delivery on off stump and the ball just plops down by his feet;
12.5;?;Cummins to Williamson, no run tries to work a shortish delivery off off stump through midwicket, but is unable to. Didn't quite get over the bounce as he thought;
12.4;?;Cummins to Williamson, no run full on off stump and Williamson strides nicely forward, the ghosts of the bouncer nowhere near his mind, and drives to mid-off;
12.3;?;Cummins to Williamson, no run 144 kph, good bowling. Pulls out the bouncer, at top pace, and makes sure it is angled into the right-hander, rising up towards his grille. Williamson watches it carefully and sways out of the way. Great to watch;
12.2;1;Cummins to Brownlie, 1 run keeps back to a 144 kph delivery, pitched on a good length on off stump, and Brownlie glides it to deep third man;
12.1;1;Cummins to Williamson, 1 run tip and run cricket now with Australia reducing the number of single-saving fielders. This full and wide delivery is deftly eased through point;
11.6;1;Zampa to Williamson, 1 run prefers to stay legside of the ball again, even when it is tossed up. Drives through the covers;
11.5;1;Zampa to Brownlie, 1 run eases into a drive through extra cover;
11.4;1;Zampa to Williamson, 1 run lobs up a full toss, extending himself perhaps a bit more than necessary, Williamson drives to long-on;
11.3;1;Zampa to Brownlie, 1 run grunt of effort from Zampa, as he hits a good length and gets some turn and bounce off the pitch. Brownlie hangs back and pushes past cover;
11.2;1;Zampa to Williamson, 1 run gets beside the flighted delivery on middle and off and drives serenely to long-off. Excellent footwork to open up that gap;
11.1;1;Zampa to Brownlie, 1 run starts well, tossing it up, getting the ball to drift into the base of middle. Brownlie flicks, gets most of an inside edge through midwicket;
10.6;?;Cummins to Williamson, no run good length outside off at 144 kph, Williamson guides it to backward point;
10.5;1;Cummins to Brownlie, 1 run goes for the fuller ball on middle, and Brownlie picks up the 119 kph variation early, waits on it and then flicks along the ground through midwicket;
10.4;?;Cummins to Brownlie, no run full on off stump at 147.5 kph, pushes to mid-on;
10.3;1;Cummins to Williamson, 1 run 146kph, plays this short ball well, shifting across outside off to get the leverage he needs to whip it behind square leg;
10.2;?;Cummins to Williamson, no run 145 kph, good length ball, shaping in off the pitch, Williamson has very little room to work with and gets an inside edge as he tries to block;
10.1;?;Cummins to Williamson, no run good length ball outside off, Williamson steps forward to slice it to backward point;
9.6;?;Stoinis to Brownlie, no run tucks him up on his hip, as the ball bounces up a bit too high for his wrists to work it with any power through midwicket;
9.5;?;Stoinis to Brownlie, no run shortish and outside off, Brownlie hangs back and cracks it to cover;
9.4;2;Stoinis to Brownlie, 2 runs whips it past square leg, towards the longer boundary for a couple of runs. Could there have been more?;
9.3;1;Stoinis to Williamson, 1 run shifts his line onto middle and leg, and Brownlie flicks through midwicket;
9.2;?;Stoinis to Williamson, no run full on middle, blocks firmly;
9.1;4;Stoinis to Williamson, FOUR runs full, wide, lashed away through cover point. There is plenty of room to free the arms, and all he has to do is beat the man inside the circle. Does so to his left;
8.6;4;Cummins to Brownlie, FOUR runs more evidence of how the batsman can make whatever he wants out here. Brownlie bends his top half away from a short ball intended to cramp him and upper cuts it over point;
8.5;?;Cummins to Brownlie, no run 141 kph, digs it in and since the ball hits the seam as well, it darts away from the bat as Brownlie, committed to a back-foot defence, is beaten;
8.4;4;Cummins to Brownlie, FOUR runs brilliant hit down the ground past mid-off. Clear signs that this pitch has excellent pace and true bounce. The batsman can trust it explicitly, as Brownlie does, with this drive, even with his feet not quite moving.;
8.3;1;Cummins to Williamson, 1 run 141kph, back of a length and outside off, dabs it to deep third man;
8.2;?;Cummins to Williamson, no run 139 kph, that's more like it. Lines it up outside off, pitches it full enough to bring Williamson forward, and then gets it to seam away ever so late to beat the bat;
8.1;4;Cummins to Williamson, FOUR runs picked away, over midwicket. As lazy a delivery as any from a bowler still getting into his work, half-volley on leg stump, helped away to the boundary;

Double-change for Australia as Pat Cummins charges in
 Innings Start
Celebration all around. Williamson is being presented the trophy by Sir Richard Hadlee. They're all smiles, this has been a series win well-deserved. Hope you enjoyed our coverage, but New Zealand's home season is far from over. They host South Africa now for one T20I at Eden Park (17 February) followed by an ODI series and three Tests. Do join us then. There's plenty of cricket elsewhere to keep you connected. Hope to see you soon. Cheers and thanks for joining us.
For those who missed the action, here's our collection of the 'Plays of the day.' If pictures are what you fancy, we've got some of the best pictures from the game. And last but not least, here's Brydon Coverdale with the match bulletin
Here's the presentation
"Both games were fairly similar. The wickets were similar, on these grounds you're never out of the game. Australia showed why they're a top side, at times we felt we had them, but they kept coming hard. Credit to our guys for sucking up the pressure," Kane Williamson says. "Ross Taylor's was a brilliant hundred. The way he rotated the strike was superb. He hardly faced any dot balls, was able to build partnerships with the top order and the lower order.
Aaron Finch says Australia always felt it was a total they could chase down. "Fifties don't win you games. We saw Ross Taylor get a hundred. That is what we needed to do. Trent Boult bowled beautifully, credit to the groundsman. The surface was fantastic. The way we've dragged games back is something we'll take back."
Trent Boult is the Player of the Match. "It felt pretty good, one hell of a game," he says. "We were a few runs short, but we still finished nicely with Mitch. The conditions are familiar, I've played some cricket here. Couple of deliveries jumped and gripped, it was a two-paced wicket. This win is satisfying. We had a couple of tough lessons on tour in Australia couple of months ago."
6.50pm I wouldn't want to be picking the Man of the Match award, folks. Ross Taylor came up with a special century and two outstanding slip catches. Trent Boult ran in fast, swung the ball late and kept chipping away at the wickets every time his captain threw him the ball. Who is your pick? For the record, New Zealand have moved above India to No. 3 in the ODI rankings as a result of this win.
Most consecutive bilateral ODI series wins at home: 17 SA 2002 to 2009, 9 WI 1981 to 1990, 8 NZ 2015 to 2017 , 7 Eng, 2010 to 2012, SA 2013 to 2017*
Richard : "Boult deserves MOM no question. Today's game is heavily weighted in favour of the batsman and bowlers are ignored too often. Great performance from Taylor, but today's Boult's day."
46.6;W;Boult to Hazlewood, OUT you beauty, Boult! Six wickets and New Zealand have regained the Chappell-Hadlee Trophy. Subtle change in pace with that length ball, Hazlewood look to force that through the off side, plays outside the line and can only get a thick inside edge back onto the stumps. New Zealand win the series 2-0. These are Boult's best figures in ODIs, his second five-wicket haul in his career, and both have come against Australia. The last time he did it - at the 2015 World Cup at Eden Park - was equally special.;Josh Hazlewood b Boult 4 (5m 5b 1x4 0x6) SR: 80;
46.5;4;Boult to Hazlewood, FOUR runs crunched. Into the point boundary in a jiffy! Too short, enough width in the world for him to unfurl that cut shot. Australia need more of these;
46.4;?;Boult to Hazlewood, no run excellent bouncer, angled in from wide of the crease, Hazlewood ducks under that one;
46.3;?;Boult to Hazlewood, no run he's bowling yorkers on demand now, how did Hazlewood keep that out? Very, very close again. Right on middle, just managed to bring his bat down in time. Didn't have a high backlift, which allowed him time;
46.2;?;Boult to Hazlewood, no run full and straight on off, Hazlewood just about manages to keep that out. Went for the yorker this time;
46.1;W;Boult to Zampa, OUT he's got five! Ross Taylor was brought in at wide first slip position precisely prior to this delivery and the plan comes off. This is a cutter, gets a bit of grip and bounce, Zampa hangs his bat out without any conviction, gets a thick edge and Taylor does the rest.;Adam Zampa c Taylor b Boult 1 (8m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 20;
45.6;1;Southee to Zampa, 1 run gets a thick inside edge down to long-on, they surely won't mind Zampa on strike;
45.5;?;Southee to Zampa, no run full and wide outside off, looks to squeeze it behind point but ends up getting a thick inside edge that rolls to the right of Latham, who effects a one-handed stop;
45.4;?;Southee to Zampa, no run stunning yorker, point precision. Zampa needs to be given credit too for keeping that out;
45.3;?;Southee to Zampa, no run full and tails back in late towards middle, pushed to cover;
45.2;1;Southee to Starc, 1 run hammered down the ground, long-on comes around to his right to cut that off;
45.1;?;Southee to Starc, no run slower and fuller on middle, defended to the leg side. Looked like Starc was winding up to go leg side but couldn't hit it anywhere because of the length;
45.1;1w;Southee to Starc, 1 wide bangs a short ball in but way down leg, easy call for the umpire;
44.6;1;Boult to Starc, 1 run another toe-crusher which Starc somehow manages to keep away, gets it to square leg as they steal a run;
44.5;?;Boult to Starc, no run full and tailing back into middle and leg to hit Starc flush on the pad, but the ball would have missed leg by a mile. Reverse swing, and how;
44.4;W;Boult to Cummins, OUT one shot too many and he's gone! Cummins looks to go through with the pull but was beaten for pace and hurried into the stroke, ended up lobbing it to midwicket where Santner made no mistake. Relief in the New Zealand camp. Is that it for Australia?;Pat Cummins c Santner b Boult 27 (57m 35b 1x4 2x6) SR: 77.14;
44.3;1;Boult to Starc, 1 run hammered down the ground, but straight to long-on;
44.2;?;Boult to Starc, no run right into the blockhole, Starc brings his bat down in time to squeeze it to cover;
44.1;1;Boult to Cummins, 1 run angles a short ball back into middle from around the stumps, steered using the width to square third man;
43.6;1;Santner to Cummins, 1 run too full, crashed to the man at the edge of the circle at cover;
43.5;1;Santner to Starc, 1 run fetches the slog from outside off towards deep square leg;
43.4;1;Santner to Cummins, 1 run too full, gets underneath the flight and squeezes it to deep point;
43.3;1;Santner to Starc, 1 run worked into the deep midwicket region as they jog the single;
43.2;1;Santner to Cummins, 1 run drops this gently into the off side for a quick single;
43.1;6;Santner to Cummins, SIX runs he's hit this into Wellington! Way over the ropes. Runs are bleeding, and there's life in this contest and how. Right in the slot and Cummins was teeing off like he would on a golf course. Currently, New Zealand are running out of ideas;
42.6;?;Ferguson to Starc, no run too full on middle, squeezed back down to mid-off;
42.5;4;Ferguson to Starc, FOUR runs too full on the pads and he's flicked it into the deep square leg fence. There were three men on the leg side, but he still managed to beat them. Too straight, too easily done.;
42.4;?;Ferguson to Starc, no run slants a short ball across the batsman, who looks to pull across the line but misses;
42.3;?;Ferguson to Starc, no run pushed off the back foot to cover;
42.2;4;Ferguson to Starc, FOUR runs opens the wrists late to use the width and steer this late behind point. No chance for third man despite a dive. The pace of Ferguson made it easier for Starc;
42.1;1;Ferguson to Cummins, 1 run floats this full on off, pushed to cover for a quick single;
41.6;6;Santner to Starc, SIX runs he's clobbered that over cow corner. Tossed up on leg stump, Starc takes him on and gets enough muscle on the slog. Big over, this isn't over by any means;
41.5;?;Santner to Starc, no run fired into middle and leg, thought it would be called wide but the ball drifted away to hit him on the pad;
41.4;1;Santner to Cummins, 1 run firm push off the front foot to sweeper cover;
41.3;6;Santner to Cummins, SIX runs hammered down the ground, straight into the sightscreen. Hit straight as a dye, got underneath the flight and boom;
41.2;1;Santner to Starc, 1 run looks like Boult has pulled a hammy there. Flat it, he moved quickly to his left and dived full length to stop that on the bounce. Cramps as he moved, then landed flat on his face. Seems fine;
41.1;6;Santner to Starc, SIX runs when he hit it, it looked like this was a dolly to long-off, but the ball kept flying. A leading edge gone for six, would you believe it? 58-metre boundary there.;
40.6;1;Neesham to Starc, 1 run full and slanted on off, squeezed to long-off;
40.5;1;Neesham to Cummins, 1 run clobbered into the gap at deep midwicket but the fielder already anticipates and runs in to fire a rocket throw;
40.4;?;Neesham to Cummins, no run tucked straight to short fine leg, the man there had been brought up only prior to this over;
40.3;?;Neesham to Cummins, no run looks to clatter this over midwicket but didn't get underneath the delivery. The late deviation did him in. Better bowling, took the pace off on that occasion;
40.2;4lb;Neesham to Cummins, 4 leg byes gift of a delivery. Too short and sliding down leg, he gets a faint tickle that was needed to beat the keeper and fine leg. Too easy;
40.2;1w;Neesham to Cummins, 1 wide short and way down the leg side. Not quick enough too to induce fear in the batsmen;
40.1;1;Neesham to Starc, 1 run cross-batted pull down to long-on, didn't time it well at all and gets away this time;
39.6;?;Santner to Cummins, no run slides back in to cramp him for room, bunted back to the bowler;
39.5;1;Santner to Starc, 1 run worked off his pads to deep backward square leg to get off the mark;
39.4;?;Santner to Starc, no run lovely flight, Starc briefly flirts with a mighty swing but ends up defending to the off side;
39.3;?;Santner to Starc, no run mows this across the line, but hits it on the bounce to square leg;
39.2;?;Santner to Starc, no run stays inside the crease and punches one to the off side;
39.1;W;Santner to Stoinis, OUT he's picked out the fielder at long-on. Superb bowling from Santner, tossed this up but the ball dipped on Stoinis, who looked to slap this across the line but couldn't get underneath it and hit it straight to Neesham.;Marcus Stoinis c Neesham b Santner 42 (77m 48b 4x4 1x6) SR: 87.5;
38.6;?;Southee to Cummins, no run cut away, but straight to point again;
38.5;?;Southee to Cummins, no run cuts and misses. It was short alright, but there wasn't much width for him to try the stroke;
38.4;?;Southee to Cummins, no run through with the pull way too early, yes-no, yes-no from both batsmen, eventually they can't scamper a run even as point comes in and fires a throw;
38.3;?;Southee to Cummins, no run smeared off the front foot but an excellent stop at backward point. That was travelling;
38.2;1;Southee to Stoinis, 1 run floats this full on middle, worked behind square on the leg side for an easy single;
38.1;1;Southee to Cummins, 1 run firm push on the up to deep cover;
37.6;?;Santner to Stoinis, no run gets forward and bunts the tossed up delivery on off stump to cover;
37.5;?;Santner to Stoinis, no run trouble, trouble, but the bowler breaks the stumps at the bowler's end while backtracking even before the throw could come in from point. Cummins had given up. Opportunity missed;
37.4;1;Santner to Cummins, 1 run gets to the pitch of the ball and works it past the bowler to long-on;
37.3;?;Santner to Cummins, no run the arm ball that drifts back into middle and leg, defended to midwicket;
37.2;?;Santner to Cummins, no run fired into middle, looks to force it through cover, can't find the gap. Straight back to Santner;
37.1;?;Santner to Cummins, no run in-drifter on middle, pushed back to the bowler;
36.6;4;Ferguson to Stoinis, FOUR runs now shows he can play off the back foot too! Width and he crashed that behind point. Allowed the ball to slide in to the bat before dismissing that from its presence;
36.5;4;Ferguson to Stoinis, FOUR runs drilled down the ground, what swagger, what timing! Stunner to say the least. Marginally overpitched, Stoinis stayed right inside the crease and lofted that down the ground with a straight bat;
36.5;1w;Ferguson to Stoinis, 1 wide too short and way over the batsman's head. Correct decision from the umpire;
36.4;1;Ferguson to Cummins, 1 run backs away, opens up the off side and uses the pace of the bowler to glide the short ball down to third man;
36.3;?;Ferguson to Cummins, no run driven on the up to extra cover;
36.2;4;Ferguson to Cummins, FOUR runs muscles a pull past mid-on, didn't get hold of it entirely but just about enough to beat the fielder;
36.1;1;Ferguson to Stoinis, 1 run tipped over the bar! Taylor couldn't hang on to a tough chance at cover. He was airborne, timed his jump well but wasn't enough. Stoinis checks his shot as he looks to clear the infield, signs of grip on the surface? It didn't come on as well as he would have liked. Tough, tough chance;
35.6;1;Southee to Stoinis, 1 run short-arm jab to deep square leg. Just a flick of the wrists to keep it all along the ground. It was short and he picked the length early;
35.5;?;Southee to Stoinis, no run cut hard, but straight to Neil Broom at point;
35.4;1;Southee to Cummins, 1 run a half-stop at cover by Neesham gives a single. This was struck hard on the up;
35.3;?;Southee to Cummins, no run play and a miss. Looked to drive on the up but was nearly done in by the late away movement;
35.2;?;Southee to Cummins, no run gets this to angle back into middle, bunted back to the bowler;
35.1;1;Southee to Stoinis, 1 run top shot, lovely touch. Gets back into the crease and punches the short ball to sweeper cover;
34.6;?;Boult to Cummins, no run gets behind the line of that length ball on off, bunts it to point;
34.6;1w;Boult to Cummins, 1 wide looks to tickle his ribs with a bouncer on middle and leg, gets the direction wrong;
34.5;?;Boult to Cummins, no run rip roaring bouncer which Cummins had little clue of. Looked to get out of the way but was into a tangle. The ball lobbed off the glove to the off side, lands safe though;
34.4;?;Boult to Cummins, no run floats this full and across the batsman from wide of the crease, left alone;
34.3;?;Boult to Cummins, no run gets this to reverse away from off stump, shoulders arms;
34.2;1;Boult to Stoinis, 1 run hops across and rolls his wrists over the ball to keep it down, towards square leg as they steal a quick single;
34.1;?;Boult to Stoinis, no run wants the run but is sent back. Bunted to the man coming in from cover, was never going to be a single. Good call from Cummins;
33.6;?;Southee to Cummins, no run shoulders arms to a length delivery that deviates back in from outside off;
33.5;?;Southee to Cummins, no run off-cutter this time, gets this to deviate back in from outside off, left alone;
33.4;1;Southee to Stoinis, 1 run short, wide and asking to be hit. Stoinis slaps it straight to sweeper cover;
33.3;?;Southee to Stoinis, no run firm push off the front foot but straight to cover. Some late away movement for Southee;
33.2;?;Southee to Stoinis, no run goes back and across to whip a length ball on middle to square leg;
33.1;?;Southee to Stoinis, no run gets this to shape back in off the seam from outside off, left alone;
32.6;W;Boult to Faulkner, OUT there was a wide slip in place specifically for this. Faulkner is squared up by the late movement, gets a thick edge that was dying on Taylor, who moves low to his left to complete a stunning catch. This is outstanding tactics from New Zealand. First to place the fielder there, and then set the batsman up before eventually. sending him on his way. The front foot is fine, the umpires were checking for the catch. Kumar Dharmasena, the third umpire, had a couple of replays, before relaying his decision to the on-field umpire.;James Faulkner c Taylor b Boult 0 (3m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
32.5;?;Boult to Faulkner, no run slower and fuller delivery, but Faulkner had to reach out a fair bit to defend that ,which he does;
32.4;?;Boult to Faulkner, no run so very close to angling this away-going length delivery to the keeper. Beaten for pace as he looks to run it down to third man;
32.3;1;Boult to Stoinis, 1 run rolls his wrists over the pull shot, hit into the gap at deep square leg;
32.2;W;Boult to Head, OUT superb catch by Dean Brownlie at deep square leg. He had to be mindful of the ropes just behind him, but he kept his balance and judged the catch to perfection. Coming back to the delivery, excellent short ball at 140 clicks, Head had to fetch this from outside off. The ball got big on him but he went through with the stroke and simply top-edged it to the fielder in the deep. Lot of credit to the bowler, for the effort.;Travis Head c Brownlie b Boult 53 (97m 72b 5x4 0x6) SR: 73.61;
32.1;1;Boult to Stoinis, 1 run hops across and punches the short of length delivery to deep point;
31.6;?;Ferguson to Head, no run drilled down the ground but excellent work by the bowler to put his hand out in his followthrough and stop that;
31.5;1;Ferguson to Stoinis, 1 run looks to arch back, but realises there's a chance to drop and run. Does so and manages to play it towards point;
31.4;1;Ferguson to Head, 1 run width on offer, he uses the pace of the bowler to glide this behind square, to third man;
31.3;1;Ferguson to Stoinis, 1 run rides the bounce and fends this into the off side, quick single taken. Weak throw from Broom, who recovered quickly from point and had a shy at the stumps at the striker's end;
31.2;1;Ferguson to Head, 1 run clobbers that, but straight to Boult at deep square leg;
31.1;1;Ferguson to Stoinis, 1 run hops back and across to whip the incoming length delivery to deep backward square leg;
30.6;?;Boult to Head, no run play and a miss. Too close to cut, the length was a touch fuller too;
30.5;?;Boult to Head, no run looking to reverse this, is he? Head shapes to drive but the ball veers back in late to take a thick inside edge back to the bowler;
30.4;?;Boult to Head, no run;
30.3;?;Boult to Head, no run gets this to jag back in from outside off, Head punches this to mid-off;
30.2;4;Boult to Head, FOUR runs living dangerously, but will get another boundary to bring up his 5th ODI fifty. Length ball drifting into middle and leg, flicked wide of Taylor at midwicket;
30.1;4lb;Boult to Head, 4 leg byes ripper of a bouncer. He shaped to pull but then realised the ball was rearing up alarmingly and tried to pull out, but by then the ball had deflected off his shoulder and over the keeper's head. Handy runs;
29.6;4;Ferguson to Stoinis, FOUR runs edged, and past the wicketkeeper's right. This is a genuine mis-hit, Stoinis pushing at a back of a length ball, which seams away just enough to get past the middle of his bat. Had there been a slip, he might have been gone;
29.5;2;Ferguson to Stoinis, 2 runs flat-batted down the ground, doesn't get all of it and that's why Southee running back from mid-on is able to pull it back inches inside the rope;
29.5;5w;Ferguson to Stoinis, 5 wide digs it in short, Stoinis ignores it, Latham can't hope to move quickly enough to his left;
29.4;?;Ferguson to Stoinis, no run back of a length on off stump at 146 kph, defends;
29.3;?;Ferguson to Stoinis, no run 147 kph, shortish and outside off, Stoinis goes for a cut but is beaten for pace;
29.2;1;Ferguson to Head, 1 run doesn't look comfortable against the bouncer, this one from around the wicket, at good pace, coming at Head's head. Gets a little glove, onto helmet and through to fine leg;
29.1;2;Ferguson to Head, 2 runs 147 kph, drills a length ball down the ground, a little misfield at mid-off by Williamson allows the batsmen to take two;
28.6;?;Williamson to Stoinis, no run pushes it through quicker, and into middle and leg. Stoinis backs away and punches it back at the bowler;
28.5;6;Williamson to Stoinis, SIX runs and there's another, this one goes over the rope as Stoinis takes a giant stride forward, with that he gets to the flighted delivery and launches it over extra cover;
28.4;?;Williamson to Stoinis, no run drives it to cover;
28.3;4;Williamson to Stoinis, FOUR runs first boundary for Stoinis, and it's a classy one, coming down the track, connecting with the ball on the full and watching it scurry away through extra cover;
28.2;1;Williamson to Head, 1 run flays to long-off as he gets to the pitch of a flighted delivery outside off;
28.1;?;Williamson to Head, no run slower through the air, tossed up as well, from around the wicket. Head comes forward for a nudge to midwicket;
27.6;1;Ferguson to Head, 1 run gets on top of the bounce and turns it wide of midwicket;
27.5;?;Ferguson to Head, no run gets out of the way of that short ball. Banged in short outside off from around the stumps. Dropped his wrists at the last moment;
27.4;1;Ferguson to Stoinis, 1 run beautiful drive but can't beat mid-on. Allowed the ball to slide back in as he played with a straight bat;
27.3;1;Ferguson to Head, 1 run the flashing blade of Head. There was width and he crunched it, but straight to square third man;
27.2;1;Ferguson to Stoinis, 1 run drops it gently into the off side with soft hands as they scamper a single;
27.1;?;Ferguson to Stoinis, no run overpitched on off, Stoinis plays a stylish drive but hits it straight to cover;
26.6;?;Williamson to Head, no run can't get it away. Too short, sitting up nicely for him to free his arms and slap it away. What does he do? Hit it straight to cover;
26.5;1;Williamson to Stoinis, 1 run risky single with a push to mid-off, a direct hit would have made things interesting;
26.4;?;Williamson to Stoinis, no run gets outside the line of the stumps and blocks;
26.3;1;Williamson to Head, 1 run eased with the spin to long-off, sensible stuff;
26.2;?;Williamson to Head, no run drifts in and straightens, looks to work it across the line but the ball lobs off a thick outside edge to the off side;
26.1;1;Williamson to Stoinis, 1 run slow turn back into middle, makes some room and punches it down to long-on;
25.6;1;Santner to Stoinis, 1 run gets to the pitch of the ball and eases it with the spin to long-off;
25.5;?;Santner to Stoinis, no run slow turn from middle, he gets onto the back foot and defends;
25.4;?;Santner to Stoinis, no run invites the batsman to go for a biff by tossing it up, drifted back in, solidly defended;
25.3;1;Santner to Head, 1 run gets to the pitch of the ball and eases it with the spin to midwicket;
25.2;?;Santner to Head, no run whips an away-drifter to square leg. Can be risky if he gets one to bounce awkwardly;
25.1;?;Santner to Head, no run tossed up on off stump, he lunges forward and blocks;
24.6;?;Williamson to Stoinis, no run pushed through quicker on middle, whipped to square leg;
24.5;?;Williamson to Stoinis, no run stays inside the crease and turns the flighted delivery on middle and off to the leg side;
24.4;?;Williamson to Stoinis, no run makes some room and punches the flatter delivery to mid-off;
24.3;1;Williamson to Head, 1 run full toss, looks to swing this to the leg side, slices this down to long-off instead;
24.2;1;Williamson to Stoinis, 1 run driven to the cover fielder at the edge of the ring;
24.1;?;Williamson to Stoinis, no run tossed up on off, defended from the crease to the leg side;
23.6;1;Santner to Stoinis, 1 run turned to square leg as they jog the single;
23.5;?;Santner to Stoinis, no run drifts this into middle, Stoinis gets a good stride forward and smothers the spin;
23.4;1;Santner to Head, 1 run gets this to slide across the left-hander, who dabs it wide of cover this time. Santner has asked the third umpire to check upstairs, he thought the bat was plonked, but all good in the end. He slid the bat in;
23.3;?;Santner to Head, no run flatter one on middle and leg, whipped to square leg this time. Pressure building;
23.2;?;Santner to Head, no run drilled down the ground, but Santner does well to stop it on his followthrough;
23.1;?;Santner to Head, no run tossed up on off stump, hit back to the bowler;
22.6;?;Williamson to Stoinis, no run loopy delivery on off, spins back in to take a thick inside edge and roll back to the bowler;
22.5;?;Williamson to Stoinis, no run turned to square leg, once again this was pushed through quicker;
22.4;?;Williamson to Stoinis, no run defends from the crease, gets an edge to short third man;
22.3;1;Williamson to Head, 1 run eased with the spin to sweeper cover, once again generously tossed up;
22.2;?;Williamson to Head, no run pushed through quicker on off, dabbed to the cover fielder again;
22.1;?;Williamson to Head, no run tossed up on off, driven inside out to cover;
21.6;W;Santner to Maxwell, OUT this one drifts back in, pitches outside off and spins away, Maxwell shapes to cut, gets the thinnest of edges through to Latham who rides the bounce and takes an excellent catch. Very thin spike, there wasn't much on hotspot either. Maxwell shakes his head as he walks off;Glenn Maxwell c ?Latham b Santner 0 (3m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
21.5;?;Santner to Maxwell, no run gets onto the back foot and nurdles the incoming delivery to midwicket;
21.4;?;Santner to Maxwell, no run tossed up on middle and leg, Maxwell plays with a straight bat;
21.3;1;Santner to Head, 1 run wrists it between midwicket and square leg;
21.2;?;Santner to Head, no run whips the in-drifter to square lg;
21.1;?;Santner to Head, no run tossed up over the batsman's eyeline, he goes back into the crease and defends;
20.6;W;Williamson to Finch, OUT got lucky with the previous delivery, this time he muscles it straight to the lone man at deep midwicket. Looked to go over long-on perhaps, ended up dragging it a bit, and towards the longer boundary there, he stood no chance. New Zealand back into this;Aaron Finch c Boult b Williamson 56 (86m 64b 5x4 2x6) SR: 87.5;
20.5;4;Williamson to Finch, FOUR runs Santner had to decide in a split second if he was going for the catch running in from long-off or save three runs. Finch backs away and slaps that over the infield, Santner goes for the catch but the ball just falls short of him. What's worse? It's a four too;
20.4;1;Williamson to Head, 1 run uppish but into the gap, down to deep cover;
20.3;1;Williamson to Finch, 1 run punched to Boult at deep midwicket. Looked like he was shaping to clear the ropes there, but didn't have much pace to work with;
20.2;1;Williamson to Head, 1 run drilled down the ground, Williamson deflects it on the dive towards mid-off;
20.1;1;Williamson to Finch, 1 run slapped to wide long-off. Once again too short. Finch gave it a proper thwack but found the fielder;
20.1;1w;Williamson to Finch, 1 wide fired down leg, Finch lets it go;
19.6;?;Santner to Head, no run nurdled with the spin to square leg;
19.5;2;Santner to Head, 2 runs full and straight on the pads, worked into the gap at deep midwicket. The fielder at wide long-on had to run around a wee bit to his left;
19.4;?;Santner to Head, no run beaten as he looks to ease the slider behind square on the off side;
19.3;1;Santner to Finch, 1 run gets to the pitch of the ball and drives this inside-out to sweeper cover. 15th ODI fifty;
19.2;?;Santner to Finch, no run hint of width but he can't take full toll of that. Hit hard, but straight to point;
19.1;?;Santner to Finch, no run slider on middle and leg from around the stumps, punched to mid-on;
18.6;1;Williamson to Finch, 1 run crunched to deep cover;
18.5;1;Williamson to Head, 1 run makes some room and crunches the short ball on middle to deep point;
18.4;?;Williamson to Head, no run rocks back and eases the short ball off the back foot to point;
18.3;?;Williamson to Head, no run looks to cut but was cramped for room, hit back to the bowler;
18.2;1;Williamson to Finch, 1 run punched down to long-on;
18.1;4;Williamson to Finch, FOUR runs looked like dragged the slog from outside off, but it it into the gap at deep midwicket.;
17.6;1;Santner to Finch, 1 run makes a bit of room and places that into the gap between cover and point;
17.5;1;Santner to Head, 1 run hit over the infield, on the bounce to Neesham at wide long-pn;
17.4;?;Santner to Head, no run slider across the left-hander from around the stumps, bunted to point;
17.3;?;Santner to Head, no run rocks back and pulls, but hits it straight back to the bowler;
17.2;?;Santner to Head, no run driven firmly back to the bowler;
17.1;1;Santner to Finch, 1 run turns from middle, he opens the face of the bat to ease it behind point;
16.6;?;Williamson to Head, no run straightens from middle, pushed back to the bowler;
16.5;1;Williamson to Finch, 1 run slapped wide of cover, down to the boundary rider this time;
16.4;?;Williamson to Finch, no run backs away and hits hit hard, but straight to cover;
16.3;6;Williamson to Finch, SIX runs into the hospitality area at deep midwicket. Sure, it was the longer boundary but this was a full toss that had to be hit. Connected cleanly;
16.2;4;Williamson to Finch, FOUR runs this time, he clears mid-off. Gets to the pitch of the ball and lofts him over the infield. Easily done;
16.1;?;Williamson to Finch, no run drops a tough chance. Too full, Finch looks to go over the bowler's head but doesn't get the elevation. It was hit well alright, but Williamson was just a fraction of a second late to react;
15.6;1;Santner to Finch, 1 run pulled to wide long-on, six off the over;
15.5;1;Santner to Head, 1 run drifting across the batsman, who rocks back and eases it to deep cover;
15.4;?;Santner to Head, no run quicker delivery on middle and leg, whipped to Taylor, who throws himself to his left. The ball was going away from him but he stuck out his left-hand to effect a one-handed stop and save a single;
15.3;?;Santner to Head, no run gets a good stride forward and smothers the spin;
15.2;?;Santner to Head, no run slider across the batsman from around the stumps, turned to square leg;
15.1;4;Santner to Head, FOUR runs drilled down the ground. Mid-off had no chance. Rocket hit. Too much flight and it was struck off the middle;
14.6;1;Ferguson to Head, 1 run too much width, but is lucky to get away with it again. Crunched straight to deep point;
14.5;1;Ferguson to Finch, 1 run both feet in the air as he tucks that off his hip to deep square leg;
14.4;?;Ferguson to Finch, no run can't pick the gap at midwicket. Looks to play a short-arm jab this time to the short ball angling into middle;
14.3;?;Ferguson to Finch, no run turned the bat face early as he looked to nurdle it wide of midwicket, lobbed just wide of the bowler on his followthrough;
14.2;?;Ferguson to Finch, no run hits the deck hard with a back of length delivery on off stump, punched to cover;
14.1;1;Ferguson to Head, 1 run driven on the up to deep cover as they jog the single;
13.6;2;Neesham to Finch, 2 runs lucky to get away with a leg-stump half-volley, picked away into the gap at deep midwicket;
13.5;?;Neesham to Finch, no run angles a length ball on middle from wide of the crease, defended down to mid-on;
13.4;4;Neesham to Finch, FOUR runs looked to go square on the leg side, ended up beating mid-off. Slapped. Forehand smash;
13.3;1;Neesham to Head, 1 run overbalanced, but he gets some bat on it as he works it behind square on the leg side;
13.2;?;Neesham to Head, no run angled into middle and leg, turned to midwicket;
13.1;4;Neesham to Head, FOUR runs Williamson won't be impressed with that effort at sweeper cover. Punched towards Brownlie, who does well to get to the ball, but the late bobble as he tries to push it back in with the slide results in the ball touching the ropes;
12.6;1;Ferguson to Head, 1 run slapped off the back foot to deep cover;
12.5;?;Ferguson to Head, no run whipped to midwicket, where Brownlie moves swiftly to his left to effect a one-handed stop. 152.3 clicks;
12.4;2;Ferguson to Head, 2 runs firm push, not much flourish of the bat. Into the gap at deep extra cover, back for the second in a jiffy;
12.3;4;Ferguson to Head, FOUR runs whipped beautifully into the gap between midwicket and square leg. Just eased it superbly, all timing and class. Super wrist work. Using the pace, 152kph, to time that;
12.2;1;Ferguson to Finch, 1 run pulled from outside off, but there' protection at deep square. Rolled the wrists over that delivery to keep it all along the ground;
12.1;1;Ferguson to Head, 1 run driven on the up to sweeper cover;
11.6;1;Neesham to Head, 1 run opens the face of the bat and angles the short delivery behind point;
11.5;?;Neesham to Head, no run angles a length ball into middle and leg, turned to the leg side;
11.4;1;Neesham to Finch, 1 run crashed to deep point as they jog a single. A meter on either side and it was four;
11.3;?;Neesham to Finch, no run toe ends a pull on the bounce to midwicket. Tried to fetch it from outside off, and was through with the stroke way too early;
11.2;?;Neesham to Finch, no run hops back and turns the incoming short of length delivery to the leg side;
11.1;?;Neesham to Finch, no run starts off with a short of length delivery outside off, punched to point;
10.6;?;Ferguson to Head, no run floats this full on middle, Head defends from the crease back to the bowler;
10.5;1;Ferguson to Finch, 1 run firm push this time wide of cover as they steal a single;
10.4;?;Ferguson to Finch, no run hustled for pace again, caught on the hop as the ball thuds into the top half of the bat and roll to the leg side;
10.3;?;Ferguson to Finch, no run punched to cover. Loud call of 'waiiiiiitttt'. 151kph;
10.2;1;Ferguson to Head, 1 run hint of width, he gets on top of the bounce and glides this behind point. Third man goes well to come around. 149kph;
10.1;1;Ferguson to Finch, 1 run back of length delivery on off stump, bunted wide of cover as the get across for a single;
9.6;?;Boult to Head, no run full and angling back in from wide of the crease, left alone;
9.5;4;Boult to Head, FOUR runs too wide and he's crashed that into the point boundary at the rate of knots! Sitting up nicely for him to play the cut, had to reach for it in the end but he hit that off the middle.;
9.4;?;Boult to Head, no run straightens from a length area on off stump, Head is neatly onto the back foot as he defends;
9.3;1;Boult to Finch, 1 run eased gently off the back foot towards mid-off for a quick single;
9.2;?;Boult to Finch, no run short of length delivery on middle, defended back with a straight bat;
9.1;3;Boult to Head, 3 runs super timing on the flick, but the midwicket fielder does well to run all the way back to flick it back. Santner the man. Did well to dish in a slide to save one run. Not much swing;
8.6;?;Ferguson to Finch, no run uppish but just short of cover point. Both feet were off the ground when he shaped to cut, didn't get enough bat on it. Nearly a wicket maiden;
8.5;?;Ferguson to Finch, no run solid push to cover. 150kph this time, he's cranking it up;
8.4;?;Ferguson to Finch, no run gets on top of the bounce and fends the bouncer form outside off to midwicket. 147kph delivery. Finch was fraction of a second late but played it well;
8.3;?;Ferguson to Finch, no run floats this full on off stump, pushed to cover;
8.2;?;Ferguson to Finch, no run bouncer on middle and leg, ducks under that but not entirely convincing. Finch was on the move. 144 kph;
8.1;?;Ferguson to Finch, no run hustles in with a length ball on middle from wide of the crease, worked t midwicket;
7.6;?;Boult to Head, no run solidly behind the line of that full delivery, defended back to the bowler;
7.5;?;Boult to Head, no run works an incoming delivery on middle to midwicket;
7.4;W;Boult to Handscomb, OUT chopped on! New Zealand are back and indecision in footwork has cost Handscomb. Simply wafts at an away-going length ball, nothing shot really. No feet movement whatsoever. The ball crashes into the stumps off the inside edge;Peter Handscomb b Boult 0 (2m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
7.3;?;Boult to Handscomb, no run width and he's driven that straight to mid-off;
7.2;W;Boult to Marsh, 1 run, OUT real bonus for New Zealand. Marsh was really slow on the turn. This was full on the pads, he flicked this towards deep square, where Mitchell Santner got to the ball quickly and fired a throw on the halfvolley to Latham, who did the rest. Have to say that was an excellent take from the keeper, and Marsh is caught comfortably short of the crease. Why would you want to self-destruct like that? He was just starting to play some gorgeous shots;Shaun Marsh run out (Santner/?Latham) 22 (29m 22b 4x4 0x6) SR: 100;
7.1;4;Boult to Marsh, FOUR runs some outstanding wrist work! Did I just say pressure? How he's managed to wriggle out of that. Marginally overpitched, but he simply drove that back down past mid-on with an air of nonchalance;
6.6;1;Southee to Marsh, 1 run bunts the inswinger behind point as they steal a quick single;
6.5;?;Southee to Marsh, no run shows the full face of the bat and defends that incoming length ball;
6.4;4;Southee to Marsh, FOUR runs slower delivery, but too full. Marsh gets to the pitch of the ball and cracks that into the cover boundary. Delayed the shot just a wee bit, moved into position and boom!;
6.3;4;Southee to Marsh, FOUR runs glides this into the third man boundary. All timing and placement. Hint of width, Marsh opens the face of the bat late and then steers it behind point. Short boundary there too;
6.2;4;Southee to Marsh, FOUR runs crunching cover drive this time. On the up, timed superbly. This was an outswinger that had enough width, and Marsh timed that beautifully. That should make him feel much better;
6.1;2;Southee to Marsh, 2 runs nearly chopped on. Didn't have the width to cut, got a thick inside edge towards fine leg where Ferguson did well to dive to his left and save two runs.;
5.6;1;Boult to Marsh, 1 run firm push wide of mid-off for a single;
5.5;?;Boult to Marsh, no run flicks and misses, hit on the pad. 11 balls in a row and he's just scored one off Boult;
5.4;?;Boult to Marsh, no run uppish but one bounce to mid-on. Once again, Marsh was uncertain as to which way that was moving. Looked to drive, got a thick inside edge as the ball nipped back in. Pressure building;
5.3;?;Boult to Marsh, no run whipped off his hip but straight to midwicket;
5.2;1;Boult to Finch, 1 run dabbed softly into the gap between cover and mid-off;
5.1;?;Boult to Finch, no run slides a length ball across Finch who shoulders arms;
4.6;?;Southee to Marsh, no run angling into middle and leg, tucked to midwicket;
4.5;?;Southee to Marsh, no run played back with a straight bat, Southee stops it on his followthrough and threatens to break the stumps at the striker's end;
4.4;1;Southee to Finch, 1 run glides this one away towards third man. Had all the pace in the world to play the shot.;
4.4;1w;Southee to Finch, 1 wide slower delivery but he gets the angle wrong, way down leg and on the bounce to the keeper. 111 kph;
4.3;?;Southee to Finch, no run tentative in his forward defense this time, on the move as he defends the outswinger to cover. Southee bowled that with a scrambled seam;
4.2;?;Southee to Finch, no run angles this into middle from wide of the crease, worked to midwicket;
4.1;?;Southee to Finch, no run tough chance , but Southee has taken such catches before. So powerfully drilled that the ball nearly parried off Southee's hands to mid-on. Was hit hard and hit straight;
3.6;?;Boult to Marsh, no run this time he gets forward and bunts the inswinger back to the bowler. Top over, created some self-doubts in Marsh's mind;
3.5;?;Boult to Marsh, no run stifled lbw appeal. Marsh plays outside the line in anticipation of an outswinger, but this one angles in and holds its line to hit him on the flap of the pad;
3.4;?;Boult to Marsh, no run gets this to deviate from length area on off stump, he uses the depth of the crease to defend with an angled bat to point;
3.3;?;Boult to Marsh, no run firm push but straight to mid-off;
3.2;?;Boult to Marsh, no run cracking delivery. Marsh shapes to cut again but this one nips back in to cut him in two halves. 142 clicks on that one;
3.1;?;Boult to Marsh, no run shapes to cut but this was a lot fuller for him to play the stroke, beaten.;
2.6;?;Southee to Finch, no run hops back and across, blocks an away-going short of length delivery again;
2.5;?;Southee to Finch, no run goes back into the crease and defends the short of length delivery back to the bowler;
2.4;?;Southee to Finch, no run width and he's cracked that off the back foot to point;
2.3;?;Southee to Finch, no run gets forward and taps the away-going delivery to cover;
2.2;2;Southee to Finch, 2 runs sliding into middle and leg, flicked into the gap at midwicket, excellent running;
2.1;6;Southee to Finch, SIX runs glorious stroke! Full and swinging away, Finch gets to the pitch of the ball and lofts him through the line. The ball sails over the ropes at long-off. Just an extension of his arms but the timing was outstanding. Little or no followthrough on that occasion. Big, broad blades, yes, but the timing was super too;
1.6;1;Boult to Finch, 1 run too straight and down leg, Finch gets some pad on the way as the ball deflects behind the wicket;
1.5;?;Boult to Finch, no run shuffles across and defends the length ball on middle back to the bowler;
1.4;1;Boult to Marsh, 1 run bunts it towards the man coming in from point as they scamper a single;
1.3;?;Boult to Marsh, no run full and shaping away from outside off, Marsh lets it go;
1.2;1;Boult to Finch, 1 run worked off his hip into the gap at midwicket;
1.1;?;Boult to Finch, no run starts off with a short of length delivery that slides across the batsman, defended off the back foot to the off side;
0.6;1;Southee to Finch, 1 run gets on top of the bounce and punches it wide of Williamson at cover, solid first over for the visitors;
0.5;?;Southee to Finch, no run much straighter and fuller on middle from wide of the crease, eased to mid-on;
0.4;4;Southee to Finch, FOUR runs uppish but into the gap. Right to the pitch of the ball, and boom. Over mid-off, whacked for four. Can't overpitch to Finch;
0.3;?;Southee to Finch, no run some shape away again, Finch stands tall and bunts it to cover;
0.2;?;Southee to Finch, no run nips away from the length area outside off, left aloen;
0.1;4lb;Southee to Finch, 4 leg byes starts off with a wayward delivery down leg, Finch looks to tickle it fine but the ball deflects off the thigh pad into the fine leg boundary;

3.20pm Welcome back. Alagappan Muthu gets a well-deserved beak. He's got himself a hot cup of coffee. I, Shashank Kishore, will take you through the chase. Shaun Marsh and Aaron Finch will open today. Will be interesting to see where Travis Head bats. Southee to bowl the first over, two slips in place
 Innings Start
New Zealand
Australia
3rd ODI, Hamilton, Feb 5 2017, Australia tour of New Zealand
281/9
257
Player of the match is Trent Boult, NZ
New Zealand won by 24 runs
