Data
Well blow me down and rewrite history. England, yes, England!, have won the first final of the CB Series by four wickets, thanks to a monumental unbeaten 120 from 133 balls from Paul Collingwood!
An unbiased view from Rick Johnson who emails: "Ned Kelly, Robert Menzies, David Campese, Kylie Minogue, Skippy the Bush Kangaroo, Ian Thorpe, Yvonne Goolagong, Mel Gibson ... your boys took a hell of a beating"
The dressing-room has just spontaneously combusted, with Andrew Flintoff leading some monstrous bear-hugs. This has been a remarkable evening at Melbourne. The team that, two weeks ago, could sink no lower has just bounced back in remarkable style!
That's it from us today. No prizes for guessing the Man of the Match. I've been Andrew Miller, and from my colleagues, Martin Williamson and Andrew McGlashan, it's goodbye, and join us again on Sunday at 3.15am GMT for the second final at Sydney. It's been emotional and I need a cuppa ...
49.3;1;Bracken to PD Collingwood, 1 run There it is! And it's Paul Collingwood with the winning runs through midwicket!;
49.2;1;Bracken to Nixon, 1 run tip and run and the scores are level! Chipped to mid-on and Nixon is too quick for the fielder;
49.1;2;Bracken to Nixon, 2 runs full-length from around the wicket, Nixon whips it fine again, and he's found space as well!;
48.6;?;McGrath to PD Collingwood, no run full-toss, back to McGrath. A single threatened, but wisely turned down;
48.5;4;McGrath to PD Collingwood, FOUR runs drilled down the ground! That's a massive strike! Great quick feet from Collingwood, and McGrath couldn't cut it off!;
48.4;1;McGrath to Nixon, 1 run low full-toss, clipped to the mid-off fielder in the ring, but another quick single ...;
48.3;2;McGrath to Nixon, 2 runs great cricket from Nixon. Big gaps on the leg side, and he worked it expertly off his toes into the gap. England need a run a ball again ...;
48.2;?;McGrath to Nixon, no run Nixon charges, McGrath intercepts a checked drive above his head, the crowd think it's a catch, but in fact it's a dot ball!;
48.1;2;McGrath to Nixon, 2 runs full-length, whipped through the leg side, England run two to fine leg, and it's 11 off 11!;
47.6;1;Watson to Nixon, 1 run slower ball, clubbed down the ground, through long-off! 13 from 12 ...;
47.5;1;Watson to PD Collingwood, 1 run would have been out if it had hit! Collingwood looked for the sweep, played to mid-on instead and Nixon was late setting off. The shy missed by a whisker!;
47.4;1;Watson to Nixon, 1 run excellent cricket from Nixon. On off stump, tip and run into the off side. Collingwood back on strike ...;
47.3;1;Watson to PD Collingwood, 1 run wider line, and Collingwood picks the gap in the covers. England need almost a run a ball;
47.2;4;Watson to PD Collingwood, FOUR runs two fours in two balls, and that was an even better shot! Slower ball from Watson, and Collingwood scooped that up and over McGrath at fine leg!;
47.1;4;Watson to PD Collingwood, FOUR runs full-toss, and that's a vital boundary for England! Collingwood down on the sweep, picks his spot perfectly just behind square, and Brad Hodge's despairing dive can't cut it off!;
46.6;?;McGrath to Nixon, no run massive shout! But McGrath is coming around the wicket, and umpire Harper believes that's sliding down. Hawkeye doesn't agree! Lucky break for Nixon who shuffled right across his stumps;
46.5;1;McGrath to PD Collingwood, 1 run wide outside off stump, pushed confidently back past the bowler, and tidied up at long-off;
46.4;1;McGrath to Nixon, 1 run a risk-free single nudged down to long-on;
46.3;1;McGrath to PD Collingwood, 1 run bit of width, pushed into the covers, that's another single ...;
46.2;?;McGrath to PD Collingwood, no run brilliant fielding by Ponting at mid-on! Dived full-stretch to cut off the run!;
46.1;W;McGrath to Dalrymple, OUT McGrath's made the difference! Inswinging low full-toss, an excellent ball in the circumstances, squirted out to point, and Clark's return to the bowler is pinpoint! Dalrymple was late setting off and was never in the frame ...;Jamie Dalrymple run out (Clarke/McGrath) 3 (6m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 60;

Here comes Paul Nixon. Mostly mouth, no trousers this series so far ... What next?
 Innings Start
1st Final (D/N), Melbourne, Feb 9 2007, Commonwealth Bank Series
252
253/6
Player of the match is 
