Data
Australia have recovered superbly here, thanks to this quickfire 98-run stand. 168 is a challenging score and New Zealand have a stiff task ahead of them. They'll feel they've squandered a good chance here, after having Australia struggling at 30 for 3. We'll be back for their run-chase very soon. Stay tuned
21.6;2;O'Brien to Haddin, 2 runs good length outside off, tries to smash it back over the bowlers head, gets a thick outside edge towards third man where Jeetan Patel keeps them down to two;
21.5;?;O'Brien to Haddin, no run tries to heave it over midwicket this time, misses, stifled appeal by McCullum but the umpire shakes his head;
21.4;2;O'Brien to Haddin, 2 runs full outside off, sliced away behind point for a couple;
21.3;6;O'Brien to Haddin, SIX runs you can't feed the batsman with length balls at this stage, full on the off stump and Haddin dismisses that over long-on, easily done, all power in the shot;
21.2;?;O'Brien to Haddin, no run tries to do something similar there but the ball simply isn't there to hit, banged in short on purpose outside off to take Haddin by surprise;
21.1;4;O'Brien to Haddin, FOUR runs shot! Full on the pads, Haddin walks across and paddles it over short fine for a boundary;
20.6;1;Southee to Haddin, 1 run yorker on the off stump, dug out into the leg side for a single;
20.5;1;Southee to Ferguson, 1 run full on middle, flicked away to deep square leg;
20.4;4;Southee to Ferguson, FOUR runs poor fielding by Jeetan Patel, low full toss on middle, driven wide of midwicket and Patel in the deep slides but ends up deflecting the ball to the boundary;
20.3;1;Southee to Haddin, 1 run driven down the ground to long-off;
20.2;6;Southee to Haddin, SIX runs where was Haddin? Full on middle, in the slot, a meaty half-volley, Haddin stays his ground, gets under it, and deposits it into the stands over long-on;
20.1;1;Southee to Ferguson, 1 run low full toss outside off, driven to deep cover for a single to get to his maiden ODI fifty, good innings;
19.6;1;O'Brien to Ferguson, 1 run yorker on middle and leg, drilled to mid-on for a single;
19.5;4;O'Brien to Ferguson, FOUR runs this powerplay has cost New Zealand, low full toss on leg stump, makes room and lofts it over mid-on for a one bounce four;
19.4;2;O'Brien to Ferguson, 2 runs dropped, Vettori puts it down at midwicket as Ferguson tries to heave that over him, timed his jump well but failed to hold on, tough chance;
19.3;4;O'Brien to Ferguson, FOUR runs third man is up and he takes full toll, full outside off stump, he makes room to place it beautifully between short third and point for a boundary;
19.2;2;O'Brien to Ferguson, 2 runs good length outside off, driven firmly wide of deep cover for two more;
19.1;2;O'Brien to Ferguson, 2 runs full toss outside off, driven wide of long-off for a couple;
18.6;1;Southee to Ferguson, 1 run full outside off, makes room and steers it to deep cover;
18.5;1;Southee to Haddin, 1 run excellent yorker on middle, tries to dig it out into the leg side, gets an inside edge and they scramble a single;
18.4;1;Southee to Ferguson, 1 run driven to deep cover for a single;
18.3;4;Southee to Ferguson, FOUR runs his most convincing shot so far, full on middle, makes room and drives it cleanly down the ground to beat mid-on to the boundary;
18.2;4;Southee to Ferguson, FOUR runs highly effective, in the slot again, on the off stump, dragged well wide of mid-on for a boundary;
18.1;4;Southee to Ferguson, FOUR runs inside edge and four, full outside off and he tries to swing that away on the leg side, evades the short-fine fielder to the boundary;
17.6;1;Vettori to Ferguson, 1 run makes room and chops it towards deep cover;
17.5;4;Vettori to Ferguson, FOUR runs flighted on middle and leg, down the track and lofts it cleanly over the bowlers head for a boundary between long-on and long-off;
17.4;1;Vettori to Haddin, 1 run tossed up on middle, comes down the track and drives it straight to long-on;
17.3;1;Vettori to Ferguson, 1 run struck firmly to cover where Ros Taylor pulls off a good diving save, but still cannot prevent Haddin to make it for a single at the strikers end. He returns a good throw to the keeper but Haddin's well in;
17.2;1;Vettori to Haddin, 1 run bowled flat outside off, walks across to paddle it fine, gets a top-edge that just falls short of short third man;
17.1;1;Vettori to Ferguson, 1 run good length outside off, driven firmly to long-off;
16.6;1;Southee to Ferguson, 1 run low full toss on the off stump, driven straight to mid-on for a single;
16.5;?;Southee to Ferguson, no run good ball, banged in short on middle and leg, tries to pull it away over midwicket, misses;
16.4;2;Southee to Ferguson, 2 runs short of a length outside off, cut away towards deep point off the backfoot for a couple;
16.3;?;Southee to Ferguson, no run full on middle and leg, yorker length, tries to flick it away fine, manages to dig it out on the leg side;
16.2;1;Southee to Haddin, 1 run full again and struck firmly down the ground to long-off;
16.1;4;Southee to Haddin, FOUR runs overpitched ball outside off, Haddin waits for it and smashes it back over the bowlers head for a powerful boundary;
15.6;1;Vettori to Haddin, 1 run just wide of the midwicket fielder who flings himself to his right but fails to reach an uppish drive off the front foot;
15.5;1;Vettori to Ferguson, 1 run flighted on middle and leg, chipped uppishly towards deep midwicket;
15.4;1;Vettori to Haddin, 1 run full and quick on the off stump, driven to extra cover who's right on the circle;
15.3;1;Vettori to Ferguson, 1 run short of a length on middle and off, chipped off the back foot towards long-on;
15.2;1;Vettori to Haddin, 1 run short of a length outside off, driven through the off side to deep cover;
15.1;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run swings and doesn't miss the off stump by too far, short of a length outside off and he tries to slog it away over midwicket, misses;
14.6;?;Elliott to Ferguson, no run yorker length on middle again, just about manages to dig it out, doesn't miss the stumps by much;
14.5;1;Elliott to Haddin, 1 run full outside off, guided to point from the crease;
14.4;1;Elliott to Ferguson, 1 run short of a good length outside off, punched down to deep cover;
14.3;1;Elliott to Haddin, 1 run slower ball on the off stump, swatted down the ground to long-on;
14.2;1;Elliott to Ferguson, 1 run full outside off, sliced away uppishly just short of deep point;
14.1;1;Elliott to Haddin, 1 run better, yorker length on middle, dragged down to long-on;
14.1;1w;Elliott to Haddin, 1 wide down the leg side for a wide this time, false start to a new over;
13.6;1;Vettori to Haddin, 1 run fired in quick on middle and off, struck to deep cover again. He's scored a fifty while no one lese has yet gotten into double figures;
13.5;2;Vettori to Haddin, 2 runs 50 for Haddin, short and wide, cut away wide of deep cover for a couple. He's had a good series with the bat;
13.4;3;Vettori to Ferguson, 3 runs paddled uppishly towards fine leg where a fumble allows them to come back for the third. O'Brien the culprit there;
13.3;1;Vettori to Haddin, 1 run short on the off stump, pushed off the back foot to long-off;
13.2;1;Vettori to Ferguson, 1 run quicker ball outside off, drives it wide of short cover for a single;
13.1;1;Vettori to Haddin, 1 run driven to deep cover for a single;
12.6;?;Elliott to Ferguson, no run missed runout, tries to work it away on the leg side, rushes down the pitch after being struck on the pads, Elliot gathers the ball cleanly but fails to thrown down the stumps with an under-arm flick. Ferguson was miles short;
12.5;1;Elliott to Haddin, 1 run full outside off, steered to deep cover;
12.4;1;Elliott to Ferguson, 1 run slower ball on middle and off, pushed wide of midwicket for a single;
12.3;?;Elliott to Ferguson, no run good length on middle and off, tries to drive it off the back foot wide of mid-on, gets struck on the pads in line, but was probably a touch high;
12.2;?;Elliott to Ferguson, no run bouncer banged in on middle, Ferguson ducks under it;
12.1;?;Elliott to Ferguson, no run beaten! That held its line but Ferguson played inside the line there, didn't miss the outside edge by much;
11.6;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run on middle and off, comes down the track and pushes it to midwicket. Excellent over;
11.5;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run bowled flat and quick on middle, defended back to the bowler;
11.4;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run tossed up on middle and leg, comes down the track and drives it straight to midwicket;
11.3;?;Vettori to Haddin, no run quicker on middle and off, driven straight to short cover;
11.2;1;Vettori to Ferguson, 1 run tossed up on middle and leg, flicked away behind square for a single;
11.1;W;Vettori to Hussey, OUT gone! What an inspired bowling change!! Short on middle and off, there to hit, he pulls it away straight to Diamanti stationed perfectly at deep midwicket. Big wicket for New Zealand;Michael Hussey c Diamanti b Vettori 9 (25m 13b 0x4 0x6) SR: 69.23;
10.6;1;Diamanti to Hussey, 1 run slower ball bowled on a good length outside off, run down to third man;
10.5;1;Diamanti to Haddin, 1 run tries to slog it away towards deep midwicket this time, gets a thick inside edge;
10.4;4;Diamanti to Haddin, FOUR runs too full there and gets the treatment once again, on the off stump and its driven back powerfully to bisect the gap between long-on and long-off for a boundary;
10.3;1;Diamanti to Hussey, 1 run round the wicket to the left-hander, on middle, turned away to fine leg for a single;
10.2;1;Diamanti to Haddin, 1 run full outside off, driven firmly to long-off;
10.1;6;Diamanti to Haddin, SIX runs big one! Full on middle, length ball and Haddin cashes in, gets under it and dismisses it over the deep midwicket boundary for a massive six;
9.6;1;O'Brien to Haddin, 1 run full on the off stump, driven down the ground to long-on for a single;
9.5;1;O'Brien to Hussey, 1 run short outside off, dabbed down to third man for a single;
9.4;?;O'Brien to Hussey, no run fuller outside off, driven on the up straight to short cover;
9.3;?;O'Brien to Hussey, no run beaten! Good length on the off stump and zipped away off the pitch just as Hussey came forward to defend;
9.2;1;O'Brien to Haddin, 1 run and again, similar length but played wide of the bowler to long-on;
9.1;?;O'Brien to Haddin, no run yorker on the off stump, dug out to mid-on;
8.6;1;Diamanti to Haddin, 1 run short outside off, opens the face to keep the third-man fielder busy again;
8.5;1;Diamanti to Hussey, 1 run slower ball bowled on a good length outside off from round the wicket, run down to third man for a single;
8.4;2;Diamanti to Hussey, 2 runs shot! Marginally short outside off, cut away wide of third man where Mills dives well to keep the batsmen to a couple;
8.3;1;Diamanti to Haddin, 1 run short of a good length on the middle stump, pushed off the back foot to long-on;
8.2;4;Diamanti to Haddin, FOUR runs manages to connect well this time, full on middle and leg, coming in, slogged away well wide of midwicket for a boundary;
8.1;2;Diamanti to Haddin, 2 runs almost had a wicket off his first ball, bowled on a good length outside off, tried to slap it back past the bowler, got the outside edge that just evaded point;
7.6;1;O'Brien to Haddin, 1 run full on leg stump, pushed wide of mid-on for a single;
7.5;?;O'Brien to Haddin, no run good length on middle and leg, jagged back in sharply, tries to flick it away on the leg side, is rapped on the pads but the ball seemed to be sliding down leg;
7.4;1;O'Brien to Hussey, 1 run good length outside off, eased off the front foot to deep cover;
7.3;?;O'Brien to Hussey, no run short of a length outside off, tries ti cut but gets an under-edge on the bounce to the keeper;
7.2;1;O'Brien to Haddin, 1 run short on middle and leg, tries to pull it away powerfully over midwicket, mistimes it again to only get a single;
7.1;2;O'Brien to Haddin, 2 runs driven through midwicket for a couple;
6.6;1;Mills to Haddin, 1 run whipped off the back foot wide of square leg, short on middle and leg;
6.5;1;Mills to Hussey, 1 run dropped, short of a length outside off, cut away powerfully wide of Guptill at point who dives full length to his right and fails to hold on to a tough one-handed chance;
6.4;1;Mills to Haddin, 1 run mistimes a pull wide of midwicket for a single;
6.3;1;Mills to Hussey, 1 run short of a good length on middle, swinging away, gets a leading edge wide of point as he tries to work that away towards midwicket;
6.2;1;Mills to Haddin, 1 run flicked away to fine leg for a single;
6.1;2;Mills to Haddin, 2 runs good length on middle and leg, driven to deep midwicket for a couple;
5.6;?;O'Brien to Hussey, no run good length outside off, good testing line, left alone;
5.5;W;O'Brien to Hussey, OUT gone, wild swing and pays the price! Full on middle and leg, Hussey makes room to smash it over mid-on, it came back in a a touch and crashed into leg stump. Australia in a spot of bother now at 30 for 3;David Hussey b O'Brien 6 (7m 7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 85.71;
5.4;1;O'Brien to Haddin, 1 run yorker length on middle, dug out wide of mid-on for single;
5.3;1;O'Brien to Hussey, 1 run driven off the front foot wide of mid-on for a single;
5.2;?;O'Brien to Hussey, no run good length outside off, opens the face to guide it to point;
5.1;1;O'Brien to Haddin, 1 run short on middle and off, pushed short of mid-off for a single;
4.6;1;Mills to Haddin, 1 run short of a length outside off, gets a thick inside edge wide of mid-on for a single as he tries to cart that over extra cover;
4.5;1;Mills to Hussey, 1 run short on middle, dropped off the back foot short of midwicket for a quick single;
4.5;1w;Mills to Hussey, 1 wide full outside leg stump, tries to glance it down fine, misses, given a wide;
4.4;4;Mills to Hussey, FOUR runs shot! Good length on the off stump, makes room, comes down the track and lofts it cleanly over mid-off for a one bounce four;
4.3;?;Mills to Hussey, no run on middle and off, pushed off the front foot to cover again;
4.2;?;Mills to Hussey, no run full on the off stump, pushed straight to cover;
4.1;W;Mills to Ponting, OUT Gone!! Full outside off and moves away, Ponting's fishing for it off the front foot, gets a thin edge straight to the keeper. New Zealand have struck early here;Ricky Ponting c ?McCullum b Mills 2 (7m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
3.6;1;Southee to Ponting, 1 run short on the off stump, tries to run it down to third man, gets an inside edge onto his thighs and they take a quick single;
3.5;1;Southee to Haddin, 1 run full on middle and leg, makes room and drives it straight to mid-off for a single;
3.4;?;Southee to Haddin, no run short of a length on middle, makes room and chops it down straight to cover;
3.3;1;Southee to Ponting, 1 run on a good length on middle, driven wide of mid-on for a single;
3.2;1;Southee to Haddin, 1 run short of a length on middle, mistimes a pull wide of midwicket;
3.1;2;Southee to Haddin, 2 runs pushed away off the back foot wide of square leg for a well-run two;
2.6;1;Mills to Haddin, 1 run short of a length outside off, cut away to third man for a single;
2.5;4;Mills to Haddin, FOUR runs full on the pads and cashes in, stays his ground and drives it beautifully between mid-on and midwicket for a boundary;
2.4;W;Mills to Hopes, OUT gone! Goes for a wild swing over long-on, fraction full on the off stump, is not to the pitch, the ball sails high and Vettori at mid-off takes a well judged catch after waiting for ages for it to get to him;James Hopes c Vettori b Mills 5 (10m 9b 1x4 0x6) SR: 55.55;
2.3;?;Mills to Hopes, no run good length on the off stump, opens the face to play it to point;
2.2;1;Mills to Haddin, 1 run full on the pads, pushed uppishly towards deep midwicket for a single;
2.1;?;Mills to Haddin, no run just a fraction full on middle and leg, makes room and tries to loft it over the bowlers head, misses and the ball goes just over the stumps to the keeper;
1.6;?;Southee to Hopes, no run fuller on the off stump, defended into the off side;
1.5;4;Southee to Hopes, FOUR runs short on middle and dealt with appropriately, gets on the back foot and pulls it away over midwicket for a boundary;
1.4;?;Southee to Hopes, no run short of a length on the off, struck firmly to short cover off the back foot;
1.3;?;Southee to Hopes, no run beaten! Good length on the off stump, hit the pitch hard and swung away just as the batsmen tried to defend that off the back foot;
1.3;1w;Southee to Hopes, 1 wide down the leg side, tries to flick it away fine, misses, given a wide;
1.2;1;Southee to Haddin, 1 run chases him outside leg again, pushed wide of mid-on for a single;
1.1;?;Southee to Haddin, no run short on middle, chopped straight to point;
0.6;?;Mills to Hopes, no run full outside off, driven firmly, but straight to cover;
0.5;1;Mills to Haddin, 1 run full on middle and leg, makes room but the bowler chases him, dropped on the off side for a quick single;
0.4;?;Mills to Haddin, no run short of a good length on middle, gets on the back foot and defends;
0.3;?;Mills to Haddin, no run on middle and off, defended on the off side;
0.2;1;Mills to Hopes, 1 run short of a length outside off, guided to third man;
0.1;?;Mills to Hopes, no run good length outside off, shaping away from the right hander, left alone;

Hello and welcome to Cricinfo's coverage of the fifth and final ODI being played at the Gabba. The series is tied 2-2 after two impressive fightbacks from the home team.
1.15 pm QLD: There's some bad news to begin with. It's raining heavily in Brisbane and we are certain to have a delayed start. We'll keep you updated as soon as we have more information. The Gabba has an excellent drainage system, however with the rain persisting, and the weather still very overcast, we can expect a pretty long delay. As a result of having won the previous Chappell-Hadlee tournament, Australia will retain the trophy this time if the match is abandoned.
1.30 pm QLD: We are still awaiting updates from Brisbane. We will let you know the latest as soon as we have any information. It's still raining, so the umpires are yet to have an inspection.
To Jamie: Australia lost 3-0 against New Zealand in early 2007 (before the World Cup). They won 2-0 later in the year in a three-match home series.
Tim from Brisbane: " I live in brisbane. Its stready rain outside. By looking the Bureau of Meteorology website and the Brisbane radar its easy to see there wont be any play for a long time."
Michael Sheppard: "There is no way they'll play. It's absolutely set in for the day. Just went out to grab some lunch and I'm soaking."
This just gives an indication of the extent of John's desperation to watch some cricket: "Is there an indoor Cricket Stadium?"
What an anti-climax. The worst result possible, this (If there is an abandonment). Many fans would be hoping in hindsight that the series should have already been decided instead of rain spoiling all the fun after the two sides having drawn level.
The deadline for play is five hours from the scheduled start, which was 1.15 pm QLD time.
Jason at the ground remains optimistic: "I am at the ground, theres a rumour around the ground that they will at least try to get a 20 over match going.
Im pretty sure rain will stop soon."
Rob from New Zealand: "To ensure a result, let's count only 3. How about the first 3?" Wishful thinking
Sush: "I have just returned my passes for the match because looking at Radar images of the rain, it will take minimum 6-8 hours for rain to completely stop that is if more clouds do not form meantime. From the 18th floor of my office building, what Radar imaging is inferring seems true..What a disaster.."
Could our friends in Brisbane help Mitch out: "Writing in from Melbourne, eager to see a match. Can you give a % chance of play now judging by the skies.."
Fluff Zorban, cool name: "About 5% chance of playing according to my mate at the bureau of meteorology".
David from New Zealand: "No reserve day? Batting second in Sydney was a mistake."
Hugh: "Brings back memories of the 2004-05 Chappell-Hadlee decider in Brisbane. I had tickets to that one too...
Link.
Ned: "Look, we need a win/win solution. We desperatley need some rain down here in Victoria so we are happy to trade our dry fine weather in return. Surely someone at the Bureau can make that happen, can't they?"
Louey: "Ive travelled all the way to Brisbane from Dunedin for this series. This is a truly lame end to a fantasmic series. Its still raining."
Thomo: "Can't we just have a bowl off, a lap race, a hot dog eating contest (kiwi hot dogs) and finally a Vettori V Ponting bare knuckle fist fight in the middle?!?"
Lawrie: "Tiebreaker should be pub cricket. 6 runs for a heavy, 4 runs for a middie, 2 runs for a light. Wicket for each man that can't drink anymore. I'm an Aussie but I'd back NZ with the likes of Fulton and Mills. Can't see Bracken and Johnson amongst it. Ryder will dominate!"
3.02 pm QLD: So Mark Nicholas was on screen a couple of minutes back and essentially repeated the bad news. It's still raining in Brisbane and all we can hope to salvage out of this is a 20-over game. However, we can only even think of such a possibility if the rain stops, which it hasn't!
Paul: "I am on the Sunshine Coast and it is bucketing down and heading towards Brisbane 90km away.....pull stumps now and avoid false hope.... (aussies have managed to turn on the weather gods to avoid another series defeat!)"
Steve: "Weather is coming down from the NW. BOM looks like it's clearing from that direction...fingers crossed"
Vlad Vukovic: "I was so much looking forward to this one. You know, they play football, rugby and all sorts of other sports while it is raining so why can't they play cricket in the rain? I don't' care if they take their umbrellas, raincoats, swimmers or whatever, just get on with it. I want a match."
4.10 pm QLD: The umpire Rod Tucker has said play must begin before 6.47pm to provide enough for a 20-over match to be played. The field will take about an hour to prepare, but it is unlikely the rain will stay away for long enough.
Tucker and Steve Bucknor inspected the ground during a break in the rain two-and-a-quarter hours after the scheduled start. Some players from both teams came out from the dressing rooms, but the relief seemed only temporary.
Derick: "radar images are showing the rain is clearing and not building up north anymore so we still might get a game"
5.17 pm QLD: Finally, some news out of Brisbane. The covers are still on, there's some slight drizzle, and the groundsmen are out. They've taken off a few pegs but the big covers are yet to come off
5.25 pm QLD: The big covers are now coming off. This is certainly a good sign as the cut off time - 6.47 pm - is still more than an hour away. They're trying to salvage a 20-over-a-side game here. Lets see if it materializes.
5.32 pm QLD: Great news guys! We finally have a game! The toss is expected to be held in around 15 minutes, and the game will start at 6.15 pm QLD time. We are still awaiting the details pertaining to how many overs each side will have to bat, and we'll have them for you as soon as we hear something from Brisbane. Lets just hope there isn't another shower.
Richard Evans: "In a way I would sooner have no play, it may be better to have an honourable draw rather than decide the series with a 20 over slogfest."
5.51 pm QLD: Another bit of important news. The match will be 24 overs-a-side.
5.55 pm QLD: Speak of the devil. There is a slight drizzle in Brisbane now, but we are still awaiting word on whether it has done the damage. Hope not!
5.58 pm QLD: Not so encouraging news. The toss has been delayed as a result of the drizzle, and the cover is back on the pitch. However, the groundsmen are still around the pitch doing everything they can to get a game going. All the other preparations are underway so not all that bad.
Remember, the cut-off time is 6.47, so hopefully something may work out. Fingers crossed, you don't want such an enthralling series to have a dull, drab, disappointing conclusion
6.06 pm QLD: Now we have information that play will start in around 25 minutes from now. The details about the overs will be made known to you as soon as possible.
Sam Sloane: "a win is a win if you begin at the same point..not all matches are decided through slogfests"
6.12 pm QLD: Great guys, the news from Brisbane is that New Zealand have won the toss and opted to bowl. The match has been reduced to 22 overs-a-side. Game On!!
For Australia, Michael Clarke is out and Peter Siddle makes his ODI debut
There's also a change for New Zealand. Brendon Diamanti makes his ODI debut, replacing Craig Cummings.
We are all set for the start. Thanks for all your patience. The players are out. Haddin and James hopes to open. Kyle Mills to bowl
 Innings Start
It has started raining pretty heavily in Brisbane now. Bucknor shakes his head, has an elaborate consultation with his partner. Under normal circumstances, the players would have gone off.
Bucknor has a word with Ponting, and the batsmen, and they all walk off. This is disappointing. We've had a superb game and it's really unfortunate to see it end in this manner. The captains are shaking hands in the pavilion, and New Zealand will feel unlucky. Diamanti and Guptill had added 50 for the seventh wicket, and with 33 needed off 6 overs with four wickets in hand, the batting side held a slight edge.
It's pouring in Brisbane now and its highly unlikely we'll have any more play. The match is officially called off, Australia retain the Chappell-Hadlee trophy as a result of having won it on the previous occasion.
Just as a note of clarification, Duckworth-Lewis does not come into the picture here. Both sides need to have batted at least 20 overs for that rule to apply. New Zealand just batted 14 overs, so the match is inconclusive.
That's all we have from here folks. It's a tragedy the series had to end this way. It was fun bringing you the ODI series, and do tune in to the Twenty20 match between the two teams on February 15. Just for your information, no Man of the Match has been announced for this game, but Michael Hussey has been handed the Man-of-the-Series award. Thanks for all your feedback. Adios!
13.6;1;Hilfenhaus to Guptill, 1 run slapped in front of square, towards deep cover;
13.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Guptill, no run short of a length outside off, plays and misses;
13.4;1;Hilfenhaus to Diamanti, 1 run pushed to David Hussey at cover and they take a quick single, a direct hit would have been close;
13.3;2;Hilfenhaus to Diamanti, 2 runs full on the pads, flicked away through square leg, fine leg takes some time to reach the ball and the batsmen are back for the second;
13.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Diamanti, no run short of a length outside off, tries to cut that over point, is into the shot too early, misses;
13.1;1;Hilfenhaus to Guptill, 1 run firmly struck, full outside off, drilled down the ground for a single;
12.6;2;Siddle to Diamanti, 2 runs lands on a good length on the off stump, plays across the line, gets a thick edge over point for a couple towards third man;
12.5;?;Siddle to Diamanti, no run short on the off stump and swung away, tried to defend off the back foot, beat the outside edge;
12.4;1;Siddle to Guptill, 1 run full on middle and off, tries to drive it down the ground to long-on, gets a thick outside edge towards third man;
12.3;1;Siddle to Diamanti, 1 run short of a good length outside off, opens the face to play it wide of point for a single;
12.2;?;Siddle to Diamanti, no run played and missed, short of a good length outside off, prodded at it, failed to connect;
12.1;?;Siddle to Diamanti, no run good length outside off, slashes hard at it, misses;
11.6;4;Hopes to Guptill, FOUR runs superb shot! Good length on middle and leg, too straight, he turns it away behind square, well wide of short fine leg for a boundary. The visitors are fighting back well here;
11.6;1w;Hopes to Guptill, 1 wide full and a touch too wide, the batsman reaches for it, misses;
11.5;3;Hopes to Diamanti, 3 runs he's looking good here, short of a good length outside off, chopped down over point for three runs, Siddle dives at deep point to drag the ball just back in;
11.4;4;Hopes to Diamanti, FOUR runs short on middle and leg, pulled away powerfully wide of midwicket for a boundary, good confident short from Diamanti;
11.3;2;Hopes to Diamanti, 2 runs shot! Full outside off, driven uppishly towards deep extra cover for a couple;
11.2;1;Hopes to Guptill, 1 run full outside off, driven firmly on the bounce wide of the bowler for a single;
11.1;?;Hopes to Guptill, no run short of a good length on middle and leg, tries to whip it away off his hips, gets an inside edge onto his pads;
10.6;1lb;Siddle to Guptill, 1 leg bye bowled full on the leg stump from wide of the crease, tried to glace it fine, hit on the pads and they get a leg bye;
10.5;2;Siddle to Guptill, 2 runs slower ball bowled full on middle, driven off the front foot between deep midwicket and deep square leg for a couple;
10.4;4;Siddle to Guptill, FOUR runs just a fraction short and gets punished, on the off stump and Guptill drags it well wide of midwicket for a boundary;
10.3;1;Siddle to Diamanti, 1 run dropped on the off side for a quick single;
10.2;?;Siddle to Diamanti, no run short of a good length outside off, prodded at it off the back foot, went through to the keeper and the Australians went up immediately, there was certainly a noise but the umpire wasn't convince. We'll need a replay to confirm that. There was no deviation, nor was there a nick;
10.1;1;Siddle to Guptill, 1 run struck away uppishly towards deep square leg, excellent fifty for Guptill but he's ran out of partners.;
9.6;?;Hopes to Diamanti, no run nipped back in, pitched full on middle and leg and was sliding down as it struck him on the pads as he was attempting a drive through midwicket;
9.5;?;Hopes to Diamanti, no run on middle and leg, driven straight to midwicket;
9.4;?;Hopes to Diamanti, no run and again, tries to open the face to run it down to third man, misses;
9.3;?;Hopes to Diamanti, no run full outside off stump, tries to push off the front foot, the ball just about beats the outside edge;
9.2;4;Hopes to Diamanti, FOUR runs too wide and gets the treatment, cut away fiercely, well wide of third man for a boundary;
9.1;1;Hopes to Guptill, 1 run short of a length outside off, cut away to deep cover;
8.6;2;Johnson to Diamanti, 2 runs short on middle and leg, tucked away behind square and they get a well-run two;
8.5;?;Johnson to Diamanti, no run full on the off stump, drilled down the ground to mid-off, decide against the single;
8.4;4;Johnson to Diamanti, FOUR runs edged and four, short and wide, upper-cut over second slip, slashed really hard there and got the result;
8.3;?;Johnson to Diamanti, no run beaten this time, good bounce for the bowler, spat off the pitch after landing on a good length outside off, tried to cut, missed;
8.3;1w;Johnson to Diamanti, 1 wide short and a touch too wide, given, bowled at 147 kmph;
8.2;1;Johnson to Guptill, 1 run good length on middle and off, defended on the off side and they set off for a quick run;
8.1;4;Johnson to Guptill, FOUR runs Guptill continues his merry way, low full toss on leg stump, driven uppishly wide of mid-on for a boundary;
7.6;W;Siddle to Mills, OUT what a catch!! Good length on the off stump, makes room and chips it lethargically over mid-off, Michael Hussey runs back to his right, leaps and plucks it with one hand to complete a neat catch!;Kyle Mills c Hussey b Siddle 1 (9m 9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 11.11;
7.5;?;Siddle to Mills, no run short outside off, makes room to cut, gets an under-edge just wide of the stumps;
7.4;?;Siddle to Mills, no run banged in short on middle, tries to run it down to third man, is hit on the elbow;
7.3;?;Siddle to Mills, no run going away this time, short of a good length outside off, played away from his body there, and failed to make contact;
7.2;?;Siddle to Mills, no run beaten! Some inward movement here for Siddle, good length outside off and came in just a touch, Mills played inside the line to that one, and predictably missed;
7.1;1;Siddle to Guptill, 1 run short of a length on middle, pulled towards deep square leg for a single;
6.6;?;Johnson to Mills, no run good length on the off stump, driven back to the bowler;
6.5;?;Johnson to Mills, no run short of a good length on the off stump, defended on the back foot;
6.4;3;Johnson to Guptill, 3 runs short of a length on middle, tries to pull it behind square, gets the top edge over the keeper, Hilfenhaus dives superbly to his left to prevent a boundary;
6.3;1;Johnson to Mills, 1 run full outside off, sliced away to third man;
6.2;?;Johnson to Mills, no run beaten straightaway, bowled at 148.2 kmph, full outside off, he drives through the line but fails to make contact;
6.1;W;Johnson to Guptill, OUT run out, Guptill's running out of partners here, full on the off stump, defended towards point and they attempt a quick single, Ponting runs in, picks the ball cleanly and throws down the stumps at the striker's end in one motion to find Broom well short of his ground. Could that be the decisive blow?;Neil Broom run out (Ponting) 0 (2m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
5.6;?;Bracken to Broom, no run full on the off stump, defended on the front foot to the bowler, watchfully played;
5.5;W;Bracken to Elliott, OUT edged and gone! Elliot is gone first ball! Fishing for it outside off, short and wide, tried to run it down to third man, got a thin edge straight to Haddin;Grant Elliott c ?Haddin b Bracken 0 (6m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
5.4;1;Bracken to Guptill, 1 run short on middle and leg, pulled away towards deep square leg for a single;
5.3;6;Bracken to Guptill, SIX runs good length outside off and Guptill smashes that over extra cover for a flat six, that landed straight on the ropes;
5.2;4;Bracken to Guptill, FOUR runs straying on the pads, flicked away really fine to the boundary, a pressure-relieving shot that;
5.1;?;Bracken to Guptill, no run well bowled, good length on middle and leg, tries to push it back to the bowler, gets a thick outside edge to point;
4.6;1;Johnson to Guptill, 1 run short on middle and leg, pulled away towards deep square leg;
4.5;W;Johnson to Taylor, OUT he's gifted his wicket here after a superb shot the previous ball! Good length outside off, tries to swat it over the bowler's head, gets the top-edge and Hussey at cover takes a well-judged catch as it takes forever to come down;Ross Taylor c Hussey b Johnson 4 (6m 3b 1x4 0x6) SR: 133.33;
4.4;4;Johnson to Taylor, FOUR runs shot! Short and wide, cut away fiercely through point for a boundary, that reached the ropes in the blink of an eye;
4.3;?;Johnson to Taylor, no run taken by surprise there, brilliantly bowled bouncer, rapped Taylor on the arms on its way towards first slip;
4.2;1;Johnson to Guptill, 1 run short of a length on the off stump, pushed off the back foot towards cover;
4.1;6;Johnson to Guptill, SIX runs short on middle and leg and Guptill cashes in, hooks it over fine leg for a massive six;
3.6;3;Bracken to Guptill, 3 runs short of a length outside off, punched firmly off the back foot wide of point for three runs;
3.5;2;Bracken to Guptill, 2 runs chipped uppishly towards midwicket for a couple;
3.4;?;Bracken to Guptill, no run short on middle and leg, defended on the leg side;
3.3;W;Bracken to Fulton, OUT gone! Fulton's thrown away his wicket! Short of a length on the off stump, he makes room to cut that over point, gets the top-edge and Ferguson runs a few steps back to pouch an good catch. Now that changes things;Peter Fulton c Ferguson b Bracken 22 (14m 12b 2x4 2x6) SR: 183.33;
3.2;1;Bracken to Guptill, 1 run good length on middle and off, dropped on the off side for a quick single;
3.1;1;Bracken to Fulton, 1 run full on the pads, chipped uppishly towards deep square leg;
2.6;1;Hilfenhaus to Fulton, 1 run full on middle and leg, flicked away to deep square leg;
2.5;6;Hilfenhaus to Fulton, SIX runs another one into the stands, Fulton is dealing in sixes here, full on middle and leg, he stays his ground and lofts that cleanly over long-on for another big one;
2.5;1w;Hilfenhaus to Fulton, 1 wide full toss down the leg side, Fulton misses an opportunity there, given a wide;
2.4;6;Hilfenhaus to Fulton, SIX runs that's disappeared, just marginally short on the off stump, Fulton pikced the length really early to pull it away into the stands over deep midwicket;
2.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Fulton, no run well bowled, good length on middle and off, defended back to the bowler;
2.2;3;Hilfenhaus to Guptill, 3 runs in front of square this time, too straight by Hilfenhaus, driven through midwicket for three runs;
2.1;4;Hilfenhaus to Guptill, FOUR runs beautifully played, Hilfenhaus strays on the pads, Guptill gets on the back foot and flicks it away wide of fine leg for a boundary;
1.6;4;Bracken to Fulton, FOUR runs excellent batting, in the slot, full on the off stump, driven powerfully down the ground to the boundary, mid-off had no chance there;
1.5;4;Bracken to Fulton, FOUR runs shot! Fraction full outside off, Fulton hits through the line to drive that uppishly between cover and point for a boundary;
1.4;1;Bracken to Guptill, 1 run full on the pads, flicked away to fine leg for a single;
1.3;?;Bracken to Guptill, no run good length on middle and off, defended watchfully on the front foot;
1.2;6;Bracken to Guptill, SIX runs big one, short on middle, Guptill rocks back and pulls it away well over deep square leg for a massive six;
1.1;?;Bracken to Guptill, no run swung in sharply from Bracken, landed on a good length on the off, hit on the arm as he tries to fend that away;
0.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Fulton, no run short of a good length outside off, mistimes a back-foot drive back to the bowler;
0.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Fulton, no run bouncer banged in on middle, Fulton ducks with some difficulty;
0.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Fulton, no run on middle and off, swinging away, defended on the front foot to cover;
0.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Fulton, no run short of a good length outside off, guided to point off the back foot;
0.2;W;Hilfenhaus to McCullum, OUT bowled 'im!! Massive blow! Full on middle and leg and swung away, McCullum played down the wrong line there, tried to swing it away over midwicket, missed and the stumps took a beating!;Brendon McCullum b Hilfenhaus 2 (1m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
0.1;2;Hilfenhaus to McCullum, 2 runs runs straightaway, short and wide, cut over point for a couple;

The small cover is on, presumably to keep the pitch dry after a slight drizzle during the break. The Australians are having fielding drills in the outfield. The covers are off, and the pitch is being rolled. The New Zealand openers have come out - McCullum and Guptill.
As a result of this delay, the match has been reduced to 20 overs. We'll let you know the target soon. New Zealand need 156 to win off 20 overs.
The Powerplays stay the same as the first innings. Hilfenhaus to bowl
 Innings Start
Australia
New Zealand
5th ODI (D/N), Brisbane, Feb 13 2009, New Zealand tour of Australia
168/4
123/6
Player of the match is 
No result
