Data
7.35 pm Australia stuck to their lengths and used the change of pace to great effect. South Africa though were chasing a total that was a little too much. That's the trouble when you're facing an opposition full of big-hitters. They've ended up with a rather middling total, with most of their big guns misfiring. But it's not over yet, folks. A slowish pitch will not be as conducive to strokeplay so this should be an interesting chase, which will be coming at you in 10 minutes
"Not too bad, the ball came out quite well and it swung a bit too," says Mitchell Starc. "We've been working on starting and finishing well. We tried our slower balls to mess with the batsmen's head. Did well as a unit. Obviously there's a World T20 around the corner, but we want to first win this game and the series. Yep, back the boys to take this down"
Rob D: "People think this is a surefire Australia win, but don't be too sure. When they have scored below 140 runs batting first, South Africa have won more T20 matches than they have lost."
19.6;2;Coulter-Nile to Parnell, 2 runs great work from Finch! I think he's stopped a boundary there running to his right at long-on. This is full on middle and leg, Parnell clears his front leg and slams this over the top and down the ground. it was almost crossed him and looked set to smash into the advertising hoardings, when Finch pushed his right hand out and knocked it back;
19.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Hendricks, 1 run 139kph, low full toss on leg stump, Hendricks slaps this to wide long-on;
19.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Parnell, 1 run 139kph, full and wide outside off, Hendricks reaches out and dabs this to deep point;
19.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Hendricks, 1 run full length ball on middle and leg, he clears his front leg and drills it down to long-on;
19.2;6;Coulter-Nile to Hendricks, SIX runs charges down the track and takes on this length ball. He'd ensured he had room enough to smite this over midwicket. A full swing of the arms gives him all the leverage he needs;
19.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Parnell, 1 run 137kph, yorker on leg again. Those have been rather frequent. Digs it out towards midwicket;
18.6;?;Starc to Hendricks, no run backs away and looks to smash this back of a length ball on middle out of the park. No connection.;
18.5;?;Starc to Hendricks, no run full on middle and leg, worked away to midwicket;
18.4;1;Starc to Parnell, 1 run 140kph, full toss and speared in low on middle and leg. Goes off the inside edge onto boot;
18.3;2;Starc to Parnell, 2 runs gets under this slower ball on middle, perhaps a little too much as he chips it straight over bowler's head. Long-on and long-off are at work;
18.2;2;Starc to Parnell, 2 runs 141kph, thick inside edge runs away to deep fine leg. This was full and was swinging into him as well. Parnell swung away and a better throw could have meant a run out;
18.1;1;Starc to Hendricks, 1 run 140kph, low full toss on middle and leg, Hendricks pushes towards mid-on;
17.6;1lb;Coulter-Nile to Hendricks, 1 leg bye yorker on leg stump, Hendricks is struck on the boot outside leg so no point to that appeal. Sneak a single as the ball squirts off to square leg;
17.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Parnell, 1 run 140kph, full and outside off and this time he finds the middle but the drive finds long-off;
17.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Parnell, no run short and angled across him, Parnell went into the pull a little too early and misses it altogether;
17.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Parnell, no run full and on leg stump, looks to clip it through midwicket, doens't succeed;
17.2;3;Coulter-Nile to Hendricks, 3 runs finds the gap between deep square leg and deep midwicket. This was a slower ball on middle and leg, waited for it and whipped it away. Nice adjustment, but the sluggish outfield keeps it to three;
17.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Parnell, 1 run full and on the pads, flicked away to deep square leg;
16.6;?;Starc to Hendricks, no run fullish on off stump, Hendricks gets in line and blocks;
16.6;1w;Starc to Hendricks, 1 wide 140kph, full ball slides down the leg side.;
16.5;?;Starc to Hendricks, no run 139kph, full delivery on off stump, thumped back to the bowler's knee and Starc doesn't even flinch. Wears a giant smile on his face as he returns to the top of the mark. White and Bailey are flabbergasted!;
16.4;?;Starc to Hendricks, no run full and speared in on leg stump, looks to flick but doesn't connect;
16.3;W;Starc to Morkel, OUT 139kph, take that! Yorker seeking to topple middle and Albie can't dig this out. Again favours making room, but this one isn't the kind of ball he can swing away to cow corner. Tries to kep it out but he's too slow;Albie Morkel b Starc 18 (17m 11b 0x4 2x6) SR: 163.63;
16.2;6;Starc to Morkel, SIX runs 135kph, whacked over midwicket! He made room outside leg and the bowler followed him with a short ball and it was climbing towards his head too. Albie's not too worried as he pounds this in front of square;
16.1;?;Starc to Morkel, no run 142kph, he tries anyway. Albie clears his front leg and drills this full delivery on off stump back at the bowler;
15.6;1;Watson to Morkel, 1 run full and angled across him, Albie presents an angled blade and steers this to deep point;
15.5;6;Watson to Morkel, SIX runs that's why he's in the side! Belted over cow corner! Length ball, just the perfect welcome back present for Albie and he clears that front leg and swings those big shoulders.;
15.4;1;Watson to Parnell, 1 run tapped to deep point as he stays leg side of the shortish ball outside off.;
15.3;1;Watson to Morkel, 1 run shortish and outside off, cuts to the sweeper;
15.2;1;Watson to Parnell, 1 run another slower ball with a bit of width and he waits for it and guides it to deep third man. Delicate;
15.1;1;Watson to Morkel, 1 run starts off with an offcutter as well. Stays back and picks it off to deep square leg;
14.6;4;Henriques to Parnell, FOUR runs picked up the lower ball and he presents a solid straight bat. That ploy works on any pitch. Keeps his front leg out of the way and lofts it down the ground. Didn't look to smash it, just wanted to find the placement;
14.5;?;Henriques to Parnell, no run backs away to the length ball and looks to muscle it through point, can't beat the man;
14.4;?;Henriques to Parnell, no run back of a length and this stays in the pitch a little longer as well. The back foot punch goes uppishly towards short cover.;
14.3;?;Henriques to Parnell, no run good length ball on middle, Parnell stays behind it and blocks;
14.2;1;Henriques to Morkel, 1 run offcutter on middle stump, lovely bowling from Henriques. The batsman makes some room and cuts to deep third man. Risky stroke;
14.1;?;Henriques to Morkel, no run seemed a little early on that drive. This was a length ball on off stump, Albie is forward and finds short cover. Slow pitch, struggle for timing;
13.6;?;Hogg to Parnell, no run googly to finish and this wasn't picked. Goes for the cover drive and gets an inside edge onto boot. Ends a beautiful spell from the chinaman;
13.5;W;Hogg to de Kock, OUT that is a corker! de Kock can just tuck his bat in under his shoulder and walk back. Tossed up on middle and leg but once this hits the pitch it turns viciously. He was playing with a closed bat looking for midwicket. Only manages an outside edge through to the keeper's gloves. Terrific take from Haddin as well. There's another golden oldies combo;Quinton de Kock c ?Haddin b Hogg 41 (62m 40b 2x4 2x6) SR: 102.5;
13.4;2;Hogg to de Kock, 2 runs too much flight that time. Ends up a low full toss way outside off and de Kock has slashed this in front of point. Skims off the saw dust inside the circle, but the man in the deep mops up;
13.3;1;Hogg to Morkel, 1 run good length ball, turning away. Morkel stays in the crease and pushes through the covers;
13.2;1;Hogg to de Kock, 1 run hacked to long-on as this is tossed up on leg stump;
13.1;?;Hogg to de Kock, no run loopy delivery on leg stump lures De Kock to play against the turn. The flick through midwicket materialises as a leading edge to short third man;
12.6;1;Henriques to de Kock, 1 run fullish and on the pads, nudged towards deep midwicket;
12.5;1;Henriques to Morkel, 1 run full and on off stump, driven through the covers;
12.4;W;Henriques to Miller, OUT the ball is definitely holding up! This one goes straight to short cover. Length ball angled across him and Miller seeks a drive on the up. Bad shot considering the pitch and he perishes;David Miller c Bailey b Henriques 2 (9m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 28.57;
12.3;1;Henriques to de Kock, 1 run short ball on middle and leg, he's set up on the back foot and pulls towards deep square leg;
12.2;1;Henriques to Miller, 1 run oh, tight run there! This was shortish and just outside off, Miller dabs it into the off side and looks up to see De Kock haring across. Henriques was also hot on his heels and underarms it towards the stumps. Direct hit and he was out;
12.1;1b;Henriques to de Kock, 1 bye slower ball, holds up on the pitch to spoil the cut shot;
11.6;?;Maxwell to Miller, no run bounce and turn this time! Miller's certainly surprised as he tries his best to keep it down. Was seeking a drive on the up and this takes the shoulder of the bat and goes uppishly towards point.;
11.5;?;Maxwell to Miller, no run makes him play away from his body again. This was tossed up on off stump and turns away form him. Miller follows it and gets an outside edge to short third man;
11.4;1;Maxwell to de Kock, 1 run waits on the length ball just outside off and dabs in front of point;
11.4;1w;Maxwell to de Kock, 1 wide fuller and flatter delivery bowled down the leg side. Will have to bowl that again;
11.3;1;Maxwell to Miller, 1 run fired in on middle and Miller drills it straight back down the ground. Maxi parries it over towards mid-on. Struck hard, that;
11.2;?;Maxwell to Miller, no run lovely flight and turn for Maxi. Miller is drawn into a drive away from his body is beaten handsomely;
11.1;1;Maxwell to de Kock, 1 run worked away towards the covers. They need a few more of these singles right now;
10.6;?;Hogg to Miller, no run they go up straight away, but the umpire disagrees. It was shortish and outside off so Miller went for a back cut. Haddin certainly thought there was a nick on this, he went up immediately and then Hogg joined in.;
10.5;W;Hogg to de Villiers, OUT they're all finding the fielders on the boundary! Neat catch by Hodge at deep sqauare leg. This was short and asking to be hit. AB obliged with a pull but he has struck it hard and flat. Hodge comes forward and picks it as it was dying on him;AB de Villiers c Hodge b Hogg 11 (13m 10b 0x4 1x6) SR: 110;
10.4;1;Hogg to de Kock, 1 run looked to sweep this good length ball on leg and then decides against it. Nudged towards square leg;
10.3;6;Hogg to de Kock, SIX runs that's how you do it JP, says de Kock. Smeared over the extra cover boundary! Dances down the track to reach the pitch and launches it. I love how he swings his bat all the way through;
10.2;1;Hogg to de Villiers, 1 run wrong 'un and AB's picked it. Stays back and waits for the shortish ball to turn away and slaps it down to long-on;
10.1;1;Hogg to de Kock, 1 run full toss on leg stump, De Kock heaves looking to clear the deep square leg boundary. Didn't find the middle and this drops just short of the boundary rider;
9.6;1;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, 1 run full and just outside off, drilled down to long-on and that makes it just three off the over.;
9.5;1;Coulter-Nile to de Villiers, 1 run 139kph, some late swing there as this ends up a full toss outside off. AB has to reach out and in his efforts the top hand comes off the bat. Carved towards deep point;
9.4;?;Coulter-Nile to de Villiers, no run that's very well bowled. He saw AB dancing down and making room and follows him. Tries to whip it away but doesn't connect properly;
9.3;?;Coulter-Nile to de Villiers, no run fullish and just outside off stump, that was enough for AB to go for an expansive drive. Wanted to beat mid-off on his left, but doesn't succeed;
9.2;?;Coulter-Nile to de Villiers, no run good length ball on middle, AB covers his stumps and nudges to midwicket;
9.1;1;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, 1 run full and wide outside off, De Kock stays leg side of it and flat bats it down the ground. Gave himself too much room and gets it off the bottom of the bat;
8.6;1;Hogg to de Kock, 1 run length ball with room outside off, he's trying to make him stretch and so De Kock does and pulls through towards the midwicket boundary. There's a man there;
8.5;1;Hogg to de Villiers, 1 run driven through the covers for a single;
8.4;6;Hogg to de Villiers, SIX runs this is not off the middle, folks. But AB's put so much power into it that it sails over midwicket. Horrible ball from Hogg as he drops it into the middle of the pitch. Had all the in this world and the next to line that up;
8.3;1;Hogg to de Kock, 1 run tossed up and he sees it early enough. Charges to reach the pitch and nudge towards midwicket;
8.2;?;Hogg to de Kock, no run drew him outside off with a length ball. De Kock shuffled across to cut but misses. Cry of anguish from the bowler.;
8.1;1;Hogg to de Villiers, 1 run full toss on the stumps and AB whips to deep midwicket;
7.6;?;Maxwell to de Kock, no run clipped to short fine leg as he goes forward and fetches this flighted ball from outside off;
7.5;1;Maxwell to de Villiers, 1 run flighted on off stump, pushed to long-on;
7.4;1;Maxwell to de Kock, 1 run clipped towards deep midwicket;
7.3;W;Maxwell to Duminy, OUT he's picked out the man at deep cover! That was smoked, I tell you. Ah, actually he had to reach out and it went off the open face. Tossed up on leg stump and he made some room to loft it over the infield and he would have hoped for it to go over the ropes too, but has to watch has Henriques comes up and pouches an easy catch;Jean-Paul Duminy c Henriques b Maxwell 13 (15m 16b 2x4 0x6) SR: 81.25;
7.2;?;Maxwell to Duminy, no run too eager was De Kock there. This was a length ball on middle and leg, JP shuffles and dabs into the leg side. Haddin gets to the ball too quickly;
7.1;1;Maxwell to de Kock, 1 run flighted just outside off, he lunges forward and steers towards the point region;
6.6;1;Hogg to de Kock, 1 run tucks him up on middle and leg as he sees the batsman advance, but De Kock is up for the challenge. Pulls to deep midwicket rather hard;
6.5;4;Hogg to de Kock, FOUR runs pierces the gap to perfection. His timing is something. Sweeps this dead square and bisects the two boundary riders. Bit too straight there from Hoggy;
6.4;1lb;Hogg to Duminy, 1 leg bye that was the wrong 'un there. JP seems to have picked it as he shuffles across and tries to nudge towards short fine leg. Strikes on the thigh. Too high for that appeal;
6.3;1;Hogg to de Kock, 1 run length ball, rather quick on middle and leg. Goes for the pull again and he's miscued it. Doesn't go past the inner ring, but it goes to the vacant area;
6.2;?;Hogg to de Kock, no run skips down the track but gets too close to the flighted ball on off stump, punched back to the bowler;
6.1;2;Hogg to de Kock, 2 runs drags the length short and De Kock has pulled towards midwicket. Good placement as the man in the has to run to his left and saves a couple;
5.6;?;Maxwell to Duminy, no run tossed up on middle and off, eases this into the covers;
5.5;?;Maxwell to Duminy, no run;
5.4;?;Maxwell to Duminy, no run tossed up just outside off and he drives to mid-off;
5.3;?;Maxwell to Duminy, no run full toss speared in on leg stump, he was caught midway through playing a sweep and gets struck on the front leg. Going down leg though;
5.2;2;Maxwell to Duminy, 2 runs tossed up on the stumps and he lunges forward and sweeps this all alone the ground to deep square leg;
5.1;4;Maxwell to Duminy, FOUR runs;
4.6;1;Henriques to Duminy, 1 run waited for this one a little and steered this shortish ball on off stump to deep third man. This pitch is not helping the ball come on, but JP's timing is pretty much perfect;
4.5;?;Henriques to Duminy, no run again strays on the hips of JP and again he finds short fine leg.;
4.4;?;Henriques to Duminy, no run back of a length on the legs, JP works it to short fine leg where Finch sends in a quick throw which snuffs out all thoughts of a single;
4.3;?;Henriques to Duminy, no run opens the blade on impact with his shortish ball on off stump and finds point;
4.2;4;Henriques to Duminy, FOUR runs gorgeous stroke from JP! This just skims across a mound of sawdust and crashes into the extra cover boundary. It's even better because he took this on the up, got a good solid stride forward and came down with a straight bat.;
4.1;1;Henriques to de Kock, 1 run pulled away as he starts off with a short one at the body. Doesn't have the pace to trouble De Kock;
3.6;2;Maxwell to Duminy, 2 runs a touch shortish and this time JP rocks back and cuts through point. Simply looked to place it and despite all the bashing this outfield has taken, this runs almost to the boundary;
3.5;?;Maxwell to Duminy, no run fuller delivery just outside off, and this grips and turns. JP pulls his bat away just in time;
3.4;W;Maxwell to du Plessis, OUT oops, he's chipped that straight to mid-off and Maxi sends him off with a stare. This happed in slow-motion. Faf moved outside leg again, the bowler followed up with a full one. He lifted it and I guess he wanted to beat the fielder, but the fielder backpedaled and chipped it straight to him;Faf du Plessis c Hogg b Maxwell 5 (6m 6b 1x4 0x6) SR: 83.33;
3.3;?;Maxwell to du Plessis, no run moves around in his crease and works this fuller delivery behind square on the leg side;
3.2;4;Maxwell to du Plessis, FOUR runs whipped through to the deep midwicket boundary. What footwork there! This is his homeground and he's already treating the fans. Chips down the track and times this away;
3.1;?;Maxwell to du Plessis, no run makes room outside leg and carves this fuller delivery on odd towards mid-off;
2.6;?;Starc to de Kock, no run speared in at leg stump again and De Kock is into a flick too early. Gets a leading edge into the covers.;
2.5;1;Starc to du Plessis, 1 run fullish and a touch of swing in again, Faf nudges between midwicket and mid-on and gets off the mark;
2.4;?;Starc to du Plessis, no run fullish and teasing outside off, not bothered with;
2.3;W;Starc to Amla, OUT plumb in front, a Starc inswinger does Mighty Hash in! This was a terrific ball, kept nice and full and it swung in rather sharply too. Amla was stuck in his crease and was swiping across the line. Very unlike him, but he's been troubled by the ones that are full and at his stumps lately;Hashim Amla lbw b Starc 2 (13m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
2.2;1;Starc to de Kock, 1 run low full toss seeking the base of leg stump. Think that was because of some late inswing. De Kock nudged towards midwicket and rushes through for a tight single;
2.1;1;Starc to Amla, 1 run full and just outside off, Amla shuffles across and pierces the gap between cover and mid-off. Didn't look to hit too hard;
1.6;?;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, no run backs away and thumps the fuller delivery on middle to mid-off;
1.6;1nb;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, (no ball) his line is all wrong here. This one's called a no-ball. Too short and this goes down leg.;
1.5;?;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, no run charges him again as this is fullish on middle and the heave-ho misses completely. Bounces comfortably over the stumps. This pitch is quite fresh, folks;
1.4;6;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, SIX runs this one's even better! Coulter-Nile strays a bit too full and that's where he's strong. Whipped away over the midwicket boundary. That's as clean as any you would see;
1.3;?;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, no run 137 kph, shortish on and around off stump. De Kock is fancying giving himself some room. Doesn't succeed as much as he would like as he dabs this to point;
1.2;4;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, FOUR runs 138kph, walks at him and mauls this through midwicket. It was length and it was smashed;
1.2;1w;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, 1 wide 139 kph, looks like De Kock is all fine but Australia continue the short-ball barrage. This one is too far down leg though. Lets it go and takes a wide;
1.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Amla, 1 run 138 kph, starts on the pads and Amla tucks it around the corner. Neat little leg glance;
0.6;?;Starc to de Kock, no run has to take it on the chin, literally! Was advancing and Starc did not like that at all. Dug this in short at 139 kph and it followed him. Bounced a little more as well and he had to cop it while trying to take evasive action. End of a fiery over;
0.5;?;Starc to de Kock, no run makes some room and drills this into the covers. Starc goes full around middle and off. De Kock pushes to White at short cover. Nice timing;
0.4;?;Starc to de Kock, no run full and on middle and leg, De Kock keeps to the crease and nudges to mid-on;
0.3;?;Starc to de Kock, no run extra bounce too! This one is pitched shortish and just outside off, De Kock went for a little waft square through the off side. Beaten by the seam away. All that rain is making it's presence felt;
0.2;?;Starc to de Kock, no run 142kph, spears this in at the base of off stump and this time the batsman has to play. Digs it out well enough;
0.1;?;Starc to de Kock, no run swing straight away. Angles the good length ball in at the stumps, but after pitching it swerves away. De Kock is mindful of it and lets it go;

5.55 pm We're rumbling towards that first ball, peeps. Hashim Amla and Quinton de Kock have jogged out to the middle. Australia are getting their field just the way they want. Mitchell Starc has the ball in hand. Time for, hopefully, a full match. Two slips in place
5.50 pm "Your commentary is awesome," why thank you, umer khan. "But sometimes you guys stick to some boring point, and keep on discussing it throughout the match. It becomes quite irritating." Back-handed compliments. Gotta love 'em. But we will try to tickle your mind with a multitude of topics, starting with this statistical spotlight on possibly the best batsman in the world today, AB de Villiers
"Possibly? POSSIBLY?! Definitely." My apologies, MrGarreth
"Your new commentary page layout is refreshing and pleasing to eyes... good work team cricinfo!" Arslan Satti chimes in with a no-nonsense straightforward ego-booster. Thanks ever so kindly.
5.45 pm While all the selection chatter rages on and primarily because juggling that and a tub of pasta is a little difficult, why don't you guys have a wee gander at this little peek into the Australian T20 captain George Bailey's credentials. It's a Kimber classic.
"@ Benenett - Simply before his time," says the sagacious Mr. Lemon. "When he's in his mid 20's he'll be a possible regular in all formats." I like your name, Sir
Chappy: "Actually opening is Cameron White's natural position, played superbly for the Melbourne Stars all season opening up, and did terrifically in the three T20s versus England opening with Finch."
"No Muirhead?," says Tom Bennett. "I'm really suprised by that. I thought he did really well in the T20s versus England. Your thoughts cricinfo?" I haven't seen much of him to be honest, but the buzz is that he's taken to international cricket quite well. Could be a very useful component with the World T20 being played in Bangladesh, perhaps yes.
krishna : "I feel that David Miller is coming too far down the order. He should probably be in at 5. "
5.40 pm "I'm confused. Is Cameron White opening? Not his natural position," If it helps, he did open a couple of times in the IPL, James. Sometimes with success too. But Australia have Shane Watson who would slot in at the top.
"Any updates about rain?" Well, amman, it is expected to be cold and cloudy throughout. But we should be able to get in a good chunk of a full game, at the very least
"No James Faulkner again?? Shocking!! Ridiculous!!" He's recovering from an injury, Rajan. Australia are simply being cautious
5.30 pm Australia have won the toss and elect to bowl. Few changes for both sides as Cameron White comes in for David Warner and AB de Villiers is back for Farhan Behardien. The leggie Imran Tahir also gets a go. Moises Henriques also gets a look-in before the World T20
 Innings Start
9.05 pm So that's about all we have for you from here. Do stay on to read up on the report and the plays for this game. This is Alagappan Muthu, wishing you safe travels
"So important to start things off well and I think that's the best we've fielded in a while so far," says George Bailey the Australia captain. "Starc was coming off a bit of a layoff and we thought he might be a bit rusty, be he certainly wasn't. The bowlers picked up wickets so that makes the [captaincy] job a lot easier, to push the game forward. Obviously the conditions in Bangladesh will be difficult, but we'll take some confidence into the World T20. We've won some 5 matches in a row now. We've had to share a few T20 trophies in the past so this is special"
Quinton de Kock is the Man of the Series "Feeling confident, working hard on my game. Got lot of time to prepare for the T20 World Cup. The biggest thing I've learned is that you actually have a lot more time than you think you do. We're good, we're confident. It's different conditions than here in Bangladesh and we're looking forward to doing well"
Mitchell Starc is the Man of the Match for the most economical figures in a T20 in Centurion. "Take wickets at the start and slow down. Two or three down has them under the pump and frees us up. Had my feet up for a while, nice to be back and playing. Ball's come out okay and nice to win games for Australia. He [Quinton de Kock] was walking at me and the bouncer is never a nice ball. But glad that he's okay. Both teams have some good things going for the world T20."
8.55 pm "it wasn't our best performance," says Faf, "Starting with the bat, we didn't play too well at the start and while we rebuilt they kept getting wickets. Not enough of a total at Centurion at night because the ball skids on. The dot-ball percentage is something we look at. We did think it might be a lot tonight because of the slow nature of the surface, but it is something we need to look at. Got an opportunity to play some new guys. We've got Steyn and Morkel sitting in the sidelines and them coming in will be a big bonus and we've done well in the subcontient as well. So we're looking forward to the World T20"
8.50pm George Bailey and Imran Tahir have a little convo as the teams head out towards the pavilion. Australia tuck another win under their shoulders and an impressive one at that. Good with the ball, highly efficient with the bat. Add David Warner into this mix and this top-order can outgun any in the game. Just about the perfect momentum into a World Cup, but at the other end South Africa bowlers will need to remedy their lengths. They were short and wide far too many times early on. There was no pressure built at all, but they will be heartened by Imran Tahir's performance today. Kept things tight and got some turn too
"The last seven-over game wasn't ideal preparation," says Shane Watson. Today was a good job for us, Amazing job to get the ground and the pitch in such a great state. The pitch played really well. I think it was a little slow early because it was under the covers, but when we out there it was sliding out nicely. We got the better conditions. That's also the team set up as well. With the firepower we have down to 10, Hoggy can slap a couple too. We got a lot of fire power so we can free our minds and hit hard. Especially with a small total. We've got a really good squad, as good a T20 squad as I've been in. Hopefully Faulkner and Mitch can join us as well"
Sridhu: "A win here will end a fantastic summer for Australia ! Just 2 losses across all the formats ! 16-2 against England and SA is an amazing effort ! Well Played boys !"
14.6;2;Duminy to Hodge, 2 runs yorker just outside off, dug out to long-off and that's the victory for Australia!;
14.5;1;Duminy to Bailey, 1 run whipped away to deep midwicket;
14.4;1;Duminy to Hodge, 1 run full toss on middle and leg, punched to long-on;
14.3;6;Duminy to Hodge, SIX runs has he got it? No, just enough power to beat a back-pedaling Amla! He was rather off-balanced as he lofted this over the top. Good ball as he pushed it outside off to try and beat his reach. Almost succeeded, long-off went back and leapt up, but it evades him;
14.2;1;Duminy to Bailey, 1 run advances again and this time JP drags it shorter and pushes it outside off. Punched into the covers;
14.1;6;Duminy to Bailey, SIX runs smoked over deep midwicket. He danced out to the pitch and hit with the turn. Nothing wrong with that strike. Even Mr Boycott might find it hard to disagree;
13.6;1;Tahir to Bailey, 1 run shortish and outside off, cut away to deep point;
13.5;1;Tahir to Hodge, 1 run quicker and flatter on middle and leg, Hodge presents a straight bat to long-on;
13.4;1;Tahir to Bailey, 1 run tossed up outside off, Bailey wants to slog him to the leg side. Gets an inside edge to short fine leg;
13.3;1;Tahir to Hodge, 1 run flighted just outside off, Hodge comes forward and pushes wide of mid-on;
13.2;1;Tahir to Bailey, 1 run hit away into the covers;
13.1;W;Tahir to Watson, OUT skewed straight up and it falls into the waiting hands of cover and Tahir is pumped! This was tossed up well wide of off stump, but Watto was looking for the slog sweep. The turn snares the edge and the batsman has to walk back;Shane Watson c du Plessis b Imran Tahir 35 (38m 28b 2x4 2x6) SR: 125;
12.6;1;Hendricks to Watson, 1 run fullish and sliding down leg, turned away to deep square;
12.5;1;Hendricks to Bailey, 1 run slower ball, back of a length just outside off. Dabs with soft hands and he looks up at Watto to see if he was coming. He was and they scamper a single before the ball reaches the keeper;
12.4;W;Hendricks to Maxwell, OUT walks across his stumps to whip this away fine and is struck in line of middle. De Kock screams an appeal and the bowler joins in as an afterthought which I thought was strange, because this was pretty adjacent. Minor hiccup, or the start of a collapse?;Glenn Maxwell lbw b Hendricks 17 (20m 12b 2x4 0x6) SR: 141.66;
12.3;1;Hendricks to Watson, 1 run sliced towards mid-off but it does not carry. Length ball just outside off, goes through with a slash but doesn't get all of it.;
12.2;?;Hendricks to Watson, no run 136kph, good bouncer, right over the batsman's shoulder and angled in at him as well. Watson thought about a hook but doesn't act on it;
12.1;1;Hendricks to Maxwell, 1 run fires in a leg-stump yorker, Maxi moves outside leg and looks to slog it. Gets a thick inside edge to deep square leg;
11.6;1;Morkel to Maxwell, 1 run short and outside off, mauled to deep midwicket. That's 18 off the over;
11.5;4;Morkel to Maxwell, FOUR runs short and wide and Maxi's getting into the act! Cut behind point for an easy boundary. Kept it down, and placed it well. Slower ball gone awry there;
11.4;1;Morkel to Watson, 1 run good length ball with a bit of width, Watson thumps it to long-off;
11.3;6;Morkel to Watson, SIX runs this is even better! Straight down the ground. Australia rollicking along! That showcases the power of the man, fullish on off stump and Watson plants his front foot down the pitch and smashes it straight over the bowler's head;
11.2;?;Morkel to Watson, no run length ball outside off this time, but Watto's made too much room for himself to connect with his drive over extra;
11.1;6;Morkel to Watson, SIX runs length ball sent into orbit! Watto enjoyed that very much! Wears the biggest smile in the world after walloping this length ball mils into the crowd at deep square leg.;
10.6;2;Tahir to Maxwell, 2 runs flighted on leg and turning away towards middle, Maxi is forward and nudges towards a vacant mid-on and they scamper through for a wonderfully crafted couple;
10.5;1;Tahir to Watson, 1 run googly, tossed up way outside off. Watson plays with the turn and carts it to long-on;
10.4;1;Tahir to Maxwell, 1 run good length ball on leg, worked to midwicket;
10.3;4;Tahir to Maxwell, FOUR runs swept away even as this was turning away on middle. Played in front of square and struck so powerfully. Was always in control of that shot as he came down on it;
10.2;1;Tahir to Watson, 1 run had set up for the slog sweep, but this wasn't quite there. Tossed up, but it dipped on middle. Watson read it late and defends;
10.1;1;Tahir to Maxwell, 1 run googly again from Tahir and the batman's wasn't too comfy with it. Just about manages to nudge it in front of point;
9.6;2;Parnell to Watson, 2 runs on the pads and he picks it away to deep fine leg;
9.5;1;Parnell to Maxwell, 1 run slower length ball on off stump, he goes for a heave over midwicket and gets a leading edge to deep third man;
9.5;1w;Parnell to Maxwell, 1 wide 141kph, loud appeal for caught behind, but the ump's spreading his arms for the wide. This was short and down leg. Goes for the hook this time and doesn't connect;
9.4;?;Parnell to Maxwell, no run 136kph,lovely bouncer and Maxi prefers not to play. Great height just over shoulder and if the batsman wanted to hook, he had to fetch it from just outside off.;
9.3;1;Parnell to Watson, 1 run fullish on the pads, whipped through midwicket;
9.2;?;Parnell to Watson, no run 142kph, shortish and outside off, Watson dabs towards point and Maxi has set off! Early call of no and AB first the throw in from point. Maxi was running back and would never have made it. The throw hits him, but he was not changing course so he won't be out obstructing;
9.1;1;Parnell to Maxwell, 1 run short ball outside off, Maxi pulls from outside off towards midwicket. Came off the bottom of the blade there;
8.6;?;Tahir to Watson, no run fires it quick and flat on leg stump and Watson cannot connect with a pull. Struck on the thigh;
8.5;?;Tahir to Watson, no run this one rips right across the outside edge! Tahir is gutted that didn't take a nick. Deserved one too as this is tossed up on off stump and gains loads of deviation and bounce too. Beats Watson's searching forward press;
8.4;1;Tahir to Maxwell, 1 run flighted on leg stump at 95kph, worked away to deep midwicket;
8.3;1;Tahir to Watson, 1 run much slower this time as he flights it on leg stump, Watson goes for the sweep and gets it off the back of the bat. Evades the keeper but not short fine leg;
8.2;?;Tahir to Watson, no run good length ball, pushed through quicker on off stump. Watson stays back and blocks;
8.1;W;Tahir to Finch, OUT he's gone! Tahir has done the trick! This was tossed up and Finch goes for the slog sweep. Doesn't get good enough bat and this gains too much height towards deep midwicket. Miller's there and he clings on to an important catch;Aaron Finch c Miller b Imran Tahir 39 (34m 27b 6x4 0x6) SR: 144.44;
7.6;1;Morkel to Finch, 1 run full and outside off, Finch eases forward and drives strongly to mid-off.;
7.5;1;Morkel to Watson, 1 run 137kph, full on middle and off, Watson strides forward and punches to down to long-on;
7.4;4;Morkel to Watson, FOUR runs 137kph, there wasn't too much room there, but he played the length. This was shortish and just outside off, Watson stays beside it and leaps up on impact. Flays this between deep third man and the sweeper. Unbelievable shot;
7.3;1;Morkel to Finch, 1 run fullish on off stump, Finch still stays back and opens the face towards point. Quick single, well taken;
7.2;1;Morkel to Watson, 1 run fullish on off stump, Watson had cleared his front leg and was looking for the big smear, but then thinks better of it. Dabs into the covers for a single;
7.1;?;Morkel to Watson, no run extracts some seam and bounce straight away. Back of a length and outside off, Watson goes for a cut and he plays under it;
6.6;1;Tahir to Watson, 1 run tossed up on middle and off and Watson lunges forward and sweeps all along the ground to deep square leg;
6.5;1;Tahir to Finch, 1 run moves way outside leg and the bowler serves up a full toss on off stump, bunted down to long-on;
6.4;?;Tahir to Finch, no run that was the googly and it turned sharply too. Finch had no clue until it came at him. Keeps it out;
6.3;1;Tahir to Watson, 1 run little bit more bounce as this is a leggie sliding down leg. Gets a top edge that goes up in the air, but falls short of short fine leg;
6.2;?;Tahir to Watson, no run lovely bowling there. This is flighted on middle and turns just a touch. Watson respects it with a forward defence;
6.1;1;Tahir to Finch, 1 run quick and short on middle and leg and Finch pulls to deep square leg;
5.6;?;Hendricks to Watson, no run slower ball, kept full on leg stump and it almost does the trick. Watson tried to adjust his flick as he looked to loft this over mid-on. But he has been hampered by the lack of pace on this and it falls just short of a rushing mid-on;
5.5;4;Hendricks to Watson, FOUR runs full on leg stump and he's flicked this over midwicket with the minimum of fuss. Didn't care about the fielders inside the circle because he backed himself to clear them;
5.4;1;Hendricks to Finch, 1 run 140kph, good length ball on middle, Finch pushes to mid-on, who is on the edge of the circle;
5.3;1;Hendricks to Watson, 1 run good length ball just outside off and he guides it down to third man again;
5.2;1;Hendricks to Finch, 1 run shortish on leg stump, Finch is cramped for room and nudges this towards midwicket;
5.1;1;Hendricks to Watson, 1 run allows this back of a length ball to almost go past him before he dabs to deep third man;
4.6;4;Parnell to Finch, FOUR runs that is a top shot! Drive on the up and through extra cover. Such balance from Finch. Just edged forward but he let his hands go and his timing is amazing;
4.5;W;Parnell to White, OUT there's the wicket! Goes for the upper cut as this was dug in short and just outside off. Got far too much height on this and Tahir, at deep third man, collects a good catch;Cameron White c Imran Tahir b Parnell 14 (19m 11b 2x4 0x6) SR: 127.27;
4.4;1;Parnell to Finch, 1 run slower ball, dragged short and with some room outside off. Finch waits for it and flays it over backward point. Imran Tahir gets a workout at deep third man. How long until he comes on, d'you think?;
4.3;?;Parnell to Finch, no run 144kph, full and on off stump, Finch finds mid-on with a powerful drive;
4.2;4;Parnell to Finch, FOUR runs 142kph, what a shot! It was short again and this time he has nailed it. There was a man posted to stop that very shot and he only had to move a couple of steps. Still this was so well hit that he had no chance;
4.1;?;Parnell to Finch, no run 138kph, starts of with a short one angled across him. Finch was on the back foot and pulls. Doesn't get hold of it though;
3.6;2;Tsotsobe to White, 2 runs fullish and just outside off, White opens his shoulders and lofts this over mid-off. Holds up inside the boundary;
3.5;?;Tsotsobe to White, no run another shortish ball drilled to point and AB has some trouble again. The crowd lay into him and he waves a hand in apology;
3.4;2;Tsotsobe to White, 2 runs through AB again! This one was hit so hard. Shortish ball angled across him and White has powered a back foot square drive which goes head-high to AB as he sank to his knees. Didn't expect it to bounce so much;
3.3;1;Tsotsobe to Finch, 1 run full and outside off, drives to mid-off and Faf has to dive full-length to his right again. Almost a collision between the batsman as they ran through for the single;
3.2;4;Tsotsobe to Finch, FOUR runs short and wide, they are not learning here. Finch loves that as he rocks back and slaps it behind point;
3.1;2;Tsotsobe to Finch, 2 runs right through the man at point, it's AB who makes a meal of it! Shortish ball just outside off, Finch rides it and this seemed headed straight to point, but a bad bounce allows the ball to sneak through him;
2.6;?;Hendricks to White, no run 138kph, cut him in half! This ducks back in off a length and White was already looking to push into the off side. Can't adjust in time and this ball sneaks through bat and pad;
2.5;?;Hendricks to White, no run fullish on middle and off, White drives to mid-off who runs to his right, picks it up on the dive, rolls over and is ready to throw. It's the captain over there;
2.4;4;Hendricks to White, FOUR runs short and he strays down leg. Sits up on this slow pitch and White has pulled it behind square. Miller runs miles to his left and dives, but still cannot pull it back;
2.3;1;Hendricks to Finch, 1 run full on middle and leg, Finch flicks it away to deep midwicket;
2.2;4;Hendricks to Finch, FOUR runs too much room on offer and Finch has laid into that. Thumped into the surface and it hares off to the point boundary. He'd better keep it full and straight if South Africa want to defend this;
2.1;?;Hendricks to Finch, no run 137 kph, full and just outside off, pushed down to mid-on;
1.6;4;Tsotsobe to White, FOUR runs cut away and White wins the battle this over. Poor ball as this is short and wide, the batsman jumps to get on top of the bounce and flays it to the right of point;
1.5;?;Tsotsobe to White, no run 138kph, ugly swipe over the leg side earns a stare from Tsotsobe as the ball beats the bat. Angled across him and that works in favour of the bowler;
1.4;1;Tsotsobe to Finch, 1 run good length ball just outside off, dabbed towards point;
1.3;2;Tsotsobe to Finch, 2 runs short ball and he has dragged this from outside off to deep midwicket. Inspects the bottom of the bat as he jogs over for a couple. Didn't time it properly at all;
1.2;?;Tsotsobe to Finch, no run shortish and on off stump, Finch goes back and defends with soft hands;
1.1;1;Tsotsobe to White, 1 run touch of movement into the batsman, who rides it and works down towards fine leg;
0.6;4;Duminy to Finch, FOUR runs smashed back down the ground. That was sheer power! Full and straight went JP, but Finch opened up his stance and flat-batted this with murderous intent. No chance for long-on;
0.5;4;Duminy to Finch, FOUR runs stray once, you're naive. Stray twice, you're asking for trouble. Finch rocked back and cuts the short ball to the right of point. Strong stroke;
0.4;?;Duminy to Finch, no run flighted just outside off and he drills it to mid-off;
0.3;1;Duminy to White, 1 run tossed up on middle as White chips down and nudges to long-on. He's bowling around the wicket, by the way;
0.2;1;Duminy to Finch, 1 run top-edge but it falls in no-man's land. There was long-on and deep midwicket and he backed himself to bisect them. Instead he bisects short third man and short fine leg;
0.1;?;Duminy to Finch, no run short and wide and Finch slaps it to the man at cover. Lucky escape there;

Spin to start us off as South Africa trust JP's golded arm. Aaron Finch is lining him up, Cameron White is at the other end
Sri: "Ok Rob. Count this one too for the loss to SA after scoring below 140 in the first innings. This is game Australia !"
 Innings Start
South Africa
Australia
3rd T20I (N), Centurion, Mar 14 2014, Australia tour of South Africa
128/7
129/4
Player of the match is Mitchell Starc, AUS
Australia won by 6 wickets (with 30 balls remaining)
