Data
7.45pm Bangladesh have huffed and puffed their way to a score they'd be disappointed with. Shakib held the innings together but couldn't kick on. Bangladesh needed someone to kick the innings into overdrive but couldn't find anyone to do the finisher's job. The spoils were equally shared by the five Australian bowlers. Starc, Hazlewood and Zampa were particularly impressive.
19.6;W;Starc to Afif, OUT hits bulls eye! Yorker-length, late reverse in to beat the inside edge as Afif looks to slog this into the stands.;Afif Hossain b Starc 23 (33m 17b 3x4 0x6) SR: 135.29;
19.5;1;Starc to Mahedi Hasan, 1 run squirts this leading edge into the cover region;
19.4;1;Starc to Afif, 1 run flicked straight to deep midwicket but they have enough time to scamper back for the second;
19.4;1nb;Starc to Afif, (no ball) bowled off a no-ball! Above the waist, the batter tried to bunt it behind the wicket but chopped on. Went across for a single. Starc switched off thinking it was going to be called a no-ball, the batters saw an opportunity to pinch a second and ran across. Starc misses the direct hit at the bowler's end to effect a run out. But the two runs are not given since the ball was dead as soon as it hit the stumps and the square-leg umpire did not call it a wide immediately.;
19.4;1w;Starc to Afif, 1 wide comes up with a follow-up bouncer that beats the batter as he tries to back away and ramp;
19.3;4;Starc to Afif, FOUR runs improvises superbly! Full on middle, he reverse scoops it wide of the keeper. Excellent pick up;
19.2;1;Starc to Mahedi Hasan, 1 run drilled to deep cover;
19.1;2;Starc to Mahedi Hasan, 2 runs squeezed to point, excellent half-stop there to save a couple of runs;
18.6;1;Tye to Mahedi Hasan, 1 run heaved across the line to deep square;
18.5;1;Tye to Afif, 1 run dabs it gently into the off side as they get through;
18.4;1;Tye to Mahedi Hasan, 1 run slower length ball, tucked into the leg side;
18.3;1;Tye to Afif, 1 run squirts this yorker-length delivery to backward point;
18.2;1;Tye to Mahedi Hasan, 1 run slower ball angling in, looks to turn it to the leg side but gets a leading edge that rolls to short third;
18.1;1;Tye to Afif, 1 run lofted over the infield to deep cover;
17.6;W;Starc to Shamim Hossain, OUT knocked him over! Full, fast, furious, late tail in and hits the base of leg-stump. Too quick for Shamim;Shamim Hossain b Starc 4 (5m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 133.33;
17.5;2;Starc to Shamim Hossain, 2 runs skiddy bouncer, excellent delivery. Looks to back away and pull but top-edges it over the keeper's head;
17.4;2;Starc to Shamim Hossain, 2 runs right into the blockhole, squeezed down to long-on;
17.3;1b;Starc to Afif, 1 bye beaten as he looks to take on the short ball;
17.3;1w;Starc to Afif, 1 wide Wade saves five wides with a full-length dive to his right. This was a full toss that perhaps slipped out of his hand, way down leg;
17.2;?;Starc to Afif, no run top delivery! Follows him and delivers a ripper of a yorker, dug back. Starc runs across and underarm flicks, a direct hit would've had Afif;
17.1;4;Starc to Afif, FOUR runs lofted over the covers, proper cricketing hit. Didn't try top muscle, all timing. It was a slower ball and he picked it up, held his shape and put that away;
16.6;W;Hazlewood to Shakib, OUT dragged on! Shakib deceived by the slower one, looks to slam this across the line but can only get a thick inside edge onto the stumps;Shakib Al Hasan b Hazlewood 36 (63m 33b 3x4 0x6) SR: 109.09;
16.5;1;Hazlewood to Afif, 1 run tucks this to the man coming in from deep square;
16.4;4;Hazlewood to Afif, FOUR runs clobbered! Cleared his front leg, got underneath the length and drilled it to beat long-on, one bounce to the fence;
16.3;1;Hazlewood to Shakib, 1 run mistimes this heave to deep midwicket;
16.2;1;Hazlewood to Afif, 1 run muscles this down to long-on;
16.1;1;Hazlewood to Shakib, 1 run a direct hit at the bowler's end would've had Shakib. Hit it straight to cover and took off. Phillippe with the throw. Shakib had given up;
15.6;1;Agar to Shakib, 1 run drilled past the bowler, long-off comes around to cut that off;
15.5;1;Agar to Afif, 1 run squeezed behind point;
15.4;1;Agar to Shakib, 1 run goes length, slapped past the bowler to long-off. Good work by Starc;
15.3;1;Agar to Afif, 1 run dabs it to short third;
15.2;2;Agar to Afif, 2 runs drilled through extra cover, wide long-off runs around the ropes to cut that off;
15.1;1;Agar to Shakib, 1 run mistimes a heave into the leg side. Agar fired it away from Shakib's arc;
14.6;1;Tye to Shakib, 1 run good length, on middle and angling across. Drags a shot to deep midwicket;
14.5;1;Tye to Afif, 1 run length ball outside leg. Bends, and looks to paddle a shot to fine leg. Ends up mistiming to deep backward square;
14.4;1;Tye to Shakib, 1 run full and wide outside off. Throws his hands at this, and slaps it uppishly to deep cover. Carey runs in to take a catch, but he's late to react, running towards cover instead of coming in. Changes direction late, and the ball falls in front of him;
14.3;W;Tye to Nurul, OUT overpitched, very wide outside off, knuckleball. But he walks towards the off side and try and slice a shot over point. Mistimed, point (Marsh) runs back but keeps his eyes on the ball. Takes it from near his face and goes tumbling backwards.;Nurul Hasan c Marsh b Tye 3 (11m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 75;
14.2;2;Tye to Nurul, 2 runs back of a length, outside off. Backs away and slaps a cut in front of square to deep extra cover;
14.1;1;Tye to Shakib, 1 run full and wide outside off. But Shakib follows that line, getting close to the pitch of the ball. Smacked to long off;
13.6;1;Zampa to Shakib, 1 run googly to end his spell. Length ball on off. Turning away. Flat-batted to long on for one;
13.5;?;Zampa to Shakib, no run length ball on off. Turning in. Cut to point;
13.4;4;Zampa to Shakib, FOUR runs full on off. Comes down the ground, and drags a shot to long on. Fielder runs in, dives forward to take the catch, but it falls just in front of him. To make matters worse, it's gone through Tye, and he has to run back to the boundary to stop the four. Fails to do that.;
13.3;?;Zampa to Shakib, no run fullish, on middle. Turning in. Nudged to the leg side, but it hits his boot;
13.2;?;Zampa to Shakib, no run full on middle. Turning in. Looks to flick it leg side. Leading edge towards the off side;
13.1;2;Zampa to Shakib, 2 runs full on middle. Clears the front leg, and hammers it down to long on;
12.6;1;Hazlewood to Shakib, 1 run good length, on middle and leg. Too close for the cut. Ends up chopping it down to third man;
12.5;1;Hazlewood to Nurul, 1 run good length, just outside off. Checks a pull to deep midwicket;
12.4;?;Hazlewood to Nurul, no run full on off. Tries to tap and run to cover to get off the mark. But the fielder runs in, attacking the ball, forcing Nurul to turn and get back inside;
12.3;1;Hazlewood to Shakib, 1 run good length, on middle. Chops a shot to third man. Throws at the bowler's end thinking he can get a run out. Nobody backing up, and that's one overthrow run;
12.2;W;Hazlewood to Mahmudullah, OUT Henriques, you beauty! And that's Hazlewood's second. Knuckle ball, full on middle. Comes down the ground to clear long off, but through the shot too early. Ball's going over mid off (Henriques) but he runs back, tracks the ball over his left shoulder, and then dives to take a catch;Mahmudullah c Henriques b Hazlewood 20 (23m 20b 0x4 1x6) SR: 100;
12.1;6;Hazlewood to Mahmudullah, SIX runs here we go! Length ball angling in. Stays deep in his crease, and swipes a shot off his hips to deep backward square for six;
11.6;1;Agar to Mahmudullah, 1 run good length on off. Comes down the ground to nudge it leg side. But misses. Hits the pad, and goes to the off side for one. Lbw appeal turned down;
11.5;2;Agar to Mahmudullah, 2 runs full on off. Makes room by backing away and looks to go over cover for four. Sliced slightly, goes over the infield, and a couple more;
11.4;2;Agar to Mahmudullah, 2 runs full outside off stump. Dragged against the turn to wide long on for a single;
11.3;?;Agar to Mahmudullah, no run full outside off. Turning away. Mahmudullah looks to sweep, but goes under the bat. Goes over the tramlines, but a fair ball since the batter had moved to the off side;
11.2;?;Agar to Mahmudullah, no run stumped? This was an uncharacteristically late stumping from an international quality keeper. Full outside off, and turning away as he tries to drive. Misses after stretching forward. And Wade grabs the ball, then keeps an eye on the batter's feet. Notices Mahmudullah is slow to drag his boot back over he line, and whips it off. But replays show Mahmudullah managed to get it back inside just in time.;
11.1;1;Agar to Shakib, 1 run time to accelerate? Full on middle, and he comes down the ground to hit it over the bowler. Ends up hitting it straight back, and Agar sticks his right hand out in front of the umpire. Parried away towards mid off;
10.6;?;Tye to Mahmudullah, no run back of a length, just outside off. Can't connect with the pull;
10.5;1;Tye to Shakib, 1 run back of a length, on off. Drags a pull from outside off to deep midwicket;
10.4;1;Tye to Mahmudullah, 1 run fullish, outside off. Worked to third man for one;
10.3;?;Tye to Mahmudullah, no run full outside off, and he checks a drive. Hits the bat and goes to cover. A knuckleball, the replays confirm;
10.2;?;Tye to Mahmudullah, no run fullish, outside off. Slows it down. Mahmudullah gets towards the line of the ball to play the late cut to third man. But deceived by the lack of pace. Through to Wade on the bounce;
10.1;1;Tye to Shakib, 1 run good length, outside off and angling away. Slaps it to deep point for one;
9.6;1;Agar to Shakib, 1 run full on off stump. Driven to long on, and he'll keep strike. Bangladesh run-rate under 6 after 10 overs;
9.5;1;Agar to Mahmudullah, 1 run full on off, and pushed to midwicket;
9.4;2;Agar to Mahmudullah, 2 runs dropped! At first slip by Turner. Full outside off, and he slashes a drive. Takes the edge, past the keeper's pad and to Turner's left. Gets a hand to it, but it pops out. Tough chance, but good luck telling a bowler that;
9.3;1;Agar to Shakib, 1 run sees Shakib coming down the track, and bowls a short ball outside off. But the batter somehow gets some bat to cut it to deep point;
9.2;1;Agar to Mahmudullah, 1 run full on off. Presses forward, defends with soft hands to the off side;
9.1;?;Agar to Mahmudullah, no run good length, outside off. Makes room, cuts square, but not past the infield;
8.6;?;Zampa to Shakib, no run full outside off, and the googly is driven along the ground to cover;
8.5;1;Zampa to Mahmudullah, 1 run good length, just outside off. Guided to point for a single;
8.4;1;Zampa to Shakib, 1 run Shakib isn't taking chances with the spinning ball now. Gets down to sweep this full ball to deep midwicket;
8.3;4;Zampa to Shakib, FOUR runs lucky! Full on off, and the googly is turning away. Tries the expansive drive, but takes the edge past the keeper. Zampa thought that could've been caught;
8.2;4;Zampa to Shakib, FOUR runs up and over! Full on leg. Clears the front leg, and swats it over Zampa. Fielder at long on very wide, while the shot was straight;
8.1;1;Zampa to Mahmudullah, 1 run tossed up, ends up as a full toss as Mahmudullah comes forward. Swiped to deep midwicket;
7.6;?;Agar to Shakib, no run good length on middle. Rocks back and punches it to the bowler;
7.5;1;Agar to Mahmudullah, 1 run full on off, and guided to the gap at midwicket for one. Nobody there so Agar has to give the ball a chase himself;
7.4;?;Agar to Mahmudullah, no run full ball nudged away to backward point;
7.3;1;Agar to Shakib, 1 run full on middle, and leg. Flicked with the turn to deep square leg, where there's ample protection;
7.2;1;Agar to Mahmudullah, 1 run full, around the stumps, just outside off. Tap and run off the front foot to the off side;
7.1;1lb;Agar to Shakib, 1 leg bye full on leg, and turning in. Shakib comes down the wicket to flick. Misses, hits the pad and rolls away to the off side;
6.6;W;Zampa to Mohammad Naim, OUT what a way to get out! Premeditates to play the reverse sweep, Zampa goes absolutely full on middle stump. Misses the shot, ball goes under the bat, and the stumps have been broken. A promising innings over with a shot he'd like to forget;Mohammad Naim b Zampa 30 (32m 29b 2x4 2x6) SR: 103.44;
6.5;?;Zampa to Mohammad Naim, no run full on middle and off. Fended back to Zampa;
6.4;2;Zampa to Mohammad Naim, 2 runs full on middle. Presses forward, closes the bat's face, and guides it to the vacant region at deep mid wicket. Nice, early call for two;
6.3;1;Zampa to Shakib, 1 run full, just outside off. Clattered off the front foot to wide long off;
6.2;1;Zampa to Mohammad Naim, 1 run full on middle. Wants to drive, but takes the edge to short third man. Turner dives in that region to stop it. Googly this was;
6.1;?;Zampa to Mohammad Naim, no run tossed up, just outside off. Dug away to cover;
5.6;1;Tye to Mohammad Naim, 1 run good length, outside off. Cut to deep point and that's the powerplay done and dusted;
5.5;?;Tye to Mohammad Naim, no run good length, on middle. Angling across. Naim drops his hands and sways away from the ball's line;
5.4;2;Tye to Mohammad Naim, 2 runs full, outside leg, on his toes. Flicked to deep backward square for one. This was in the slot to go for another boundary had he used his wrists to place it even finer;
5.3;4;Tye to Mohammad Naim, FOUR runs short ball, on leg, but Tye doesn't have Starc's pace. Stands tall, this young man, and swivels to pull confidently over square leg for four;
5.2;?;Tye to Mohammad Naim, no run length ball on leg and angling towards middle and off. Stays on the back foot and tries to cut it behind point. But stopped by short third;
5.1;?;Tye to Mohammad Naim, no run full outside off. Checks the drive, and goes to cover;
4.6;?;Starc to Shakib, no run zippy bouncer on middle and leg, too quick for Shakib, he ducks under it;
4.5;1;Starc to Mohammad Naim, 1 run full on the stumps, tails away late, squeezed back down towards mid-on;
4.4;?;Starc to Mohammad Naim, no run mistimes this to mid-off. Was looking to flay that on the up;
4.3;?;Starc to Mohammad Naim, no run shortens his length a touch, there's extra bounce that time as Naim dabs it to the off side. Good comeback;
4.2;6;Starc to Mohammad Naim, SIX runs in the slot and boom! Half-volley angling in, Naim holds his shape and flicks it off his pads to clear deep midwicket comfortably;
4.1;?;Starc to Mohammad Naim, no run uppish, just wide of midwicket;
3.6;?;Hazlewood to Shakib, no run hit high on the thigh pad as he tries to work it to the leg side;
3.5;1;Hazlewood to Mohammad Naim, 1 run runs it down to third man;
3.4;3;Hazlewood to Shakib, 3 runs whips it delightfully into the gap between mid-on and midwicket;
3.3;W;Hazlewood to Soumya, OUT chopped on! Made room to cut, Hazlewood follows him to cramp him for room, so Soumya tries to run it down to third man but ends up smashing the middle stump as he opens the bat face to steer;Soumya Sarkar b Hazlewood 2 (15m 9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 22.22;
3.2;?;Hazlewood to Soumya, no run sways out of the way of this short ball. Was initially trying to upper cut;
3.1;?;Hazlewood to Soumya, no run keeps low as it thuds into the pad. Was looking to pull but through with the stroke even before the ball arrived;
2.6;4;Zampa to Mohammad Naim, FOUR runs picks the short ball and the short square boundary on the leg side through the pull shot;
2.5;1;Zampa to Soumya, 1 run swept straight to short fine. Looks like he was trying to whack that square;
2.4;?;Zampa to Soumya, no run wrong'un on leg-stump, covers the line and defends;
2.3;1;Zampa to Mohammad Naim, 1 run eased with the spin to long-on;
2.2;?;Zampa to Mohammad Naim, no run jams it back to the bowler, too much flight that time. Got too close to the pitch;
2.1;?;Zampa to Mohammad Naim, no run pushed back to the bowler;
1.6;1;Hazlewood to Mohammad Naim, 1 run nearly chopped on! Rolls past leg stump to the keeper for a streaky single;
1.5;?;Hazlewood to Mohammad Naim, no run driven straight to cover point;
1.4;1;Hazlewood to Soumya, 1 run chopped down to third man off the bottom edge;
1.3;?;Hazlewood to Soumya, no run goes for a big mow across the line, beaten!;
1.2;?;Hazlewood to Soumya, no run thuds into the bat as he dabs it gently behind the wicket. Was looking to glide this down to third man;
1.1;?;Hazlewood to Soumya, no run shapes away off a length to beat the edge;
1.1;1w;Hazlewood to Soumya, 1 wide loose delivery down leg, wide called. Bit of zip though to the keeper;
0.6;?;Starc to Mohammad Naim, no run play and a miss! Loose drive, no feet. Lovely away-swinger;
0.5;?;Starc to Mohammad Naim, no run short outside off, there for the cut but Naim lets it go;
0.4;?;Starc to Mohammad Naim, no run dabs it to the point region;
0.3;?;Starc to Mohammad Naim, no run nips back in to beat the inside edge to hit the pad, a tad high though;
0.2;6;Starc to Mohammad Naim, SIX runs incredible pick-up shot over midwicket! Length on the pads, Naim whips that away nonchalantly;
0.1;?;Starc to Mohammad Naim, no run beauty! Shapes away to beat the left-hander as he tries to drive on the up;

We're all set then. Starc with the new ball
Hasan M: "I would love it if Bangladesh can win one match. I'd be thrilled if they can win two. Speaking as a BD fan"
Bangladesh: Soumya Sarkar, Mohammad Naim, Shakib Al Hasan, Nurul Hasan (wk), Mahmudullah (capt), Afif Hossain, Shamim Hossain, Mahedi Hasan, Mustafizur Rahman, Shoriful Islam, Nasum Ahmed
Australia: Josh Philippe, Alex Carey, Mitchell Marsh, Moises Henriques, Ashton Turner, Matthew Wade (capt, wk), Ashton Agar, Mitchell Starc, Andrew Tye, Adam Zampa, Josh Hazlewood
Australia have won the toss and have opted to field
Mustafa Moudi : "This is going to be one of the most confusing series with 3 Hossain's, 3 Ahmed's, 3 Mohammad's, 3 Hasan's, 2 Islam's in Bangladesh and 2 Ashton's, 2 Agar's, 2 Mitchell's, 2 Josh's in Australia."
This, by the way, is the first time Australia will meet Bangladesh in a bilateral T20I series. Each of their four previous meetings have come at the T20 World Cups.
Bangladesh will be without Tamim, Liton and Mushfiqur. Why no Mushfiqur? Well, that's what even Bangladesh are asking.
5.05pm Turner, McDermott, Henriques, Christian....a number of them will be trying to book their spots for the T20 World Cup.
Rajibul Haq with an early prediction: "3-2 in favour of Australia.... "
So what is at stake and who are those looking to make a mark? Andrew McGlashan sets it up for you.
4.45pm Warm welcome, folks. It's the start of what is apparently the most-expensive home series the BCB will organise, having catered to stringent bio-security rules laid down by Australia to make this tour possible. It's a short tour comprising five T20Is, all in Mirpur, as both Bangladesh and Australia look to tune-up for the T20 World Cup.
Bangladesh are just off the plane from Zimbabwe, having won the T20I series 2-1 there, while Australia are coming from the Caribbean, where they were handed a 4-1 series defeat by Kieron Pollard's men.
They will be wary of Bangladesh in Bangladesh, even if they may start off as favourites on paper. Remember, there's no Aaron Finch. He's injured, so Australia have a new captain in Matthew Wade.
This is Shashank Kishore kicking off the tour along with Sreshth Shah. Stay locked. Let's hope for a cracking series.
 Innings Start
That's that for today. Sreshth's bulletin will be up very soon, so do check it out if you haven't been able to watch much of the game. Join us for the 2nd T20I on Wednesday. Until then, it's goodbye from my Shashank Kishore, and my colleagues, Sreshth Shah and Binoy George. Adios!
Time for the presentation
Mahmudullah: We had a team talk that we were 10 runs short, so we have to field well. It was outstanding, the hunger and energy was there. The bowlers executed their plans really well. You need to have an attacking mindset with the ball early on, that's what we did. I'm not over the top, we've won, it's gone. Now it's time to focus on the next game and try and be on top from the first ball, try and manage ourselves, keep our feet on the ground."
Nasum Ahmed is the Player of the Match for his 4 for 19
Matt Wade: The bowlers did a terrific job. 130 was chaseable. You lose 3-10, you need to rebuild which Mitch Marsh and I tried to do, but it didn't work out. You need to find a way to score runs on these wickets. You're always disappointed when you're bowled out for 100 or so, need to find ways to score. We knew they'd bowl a lot of spin at us. If our bowlers can keep giving us 130 to chase, we will mostly find ways to score. In West Indies, the wickets spun but the skid into the wicket wasn't there. We didn't execute as well as we should have.
9.35pm Bangladesh have walked home in style! They'd have been the first ones to admit to being at least 20 short but boy, have they not made 132 look 172? Incredible effort. Australia choked against spin and Bangladesh's plethora of slow deliveries on what was a challenging surface.
Australia never looked in control of this chase at any point, not even when Mitch Marsh appeared to be revving up. You always got a sense that he was one mishit away.
Sabbir Apon: "Don't think there was anything wrong in the pitch. When we travel Australia, England or NZ we don't expect turning pitches. So, Australia should not expect pace-friendly pitches in sub continent. f Bangladesh can score 130, and you can't you don't deserve to win let alone pace friendly pitch or spin pitch."
19.6;W;Mustafizur to Starc, OUT cuts back in to beat him neck and crop! The off-stump takes a beating as the fizz finishes this off in style. Bangladesh lead 1-0;Mitchell Starc b Mustafizur Rahman 14 (25m 14b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
19.5;1;Mustafizur to Hazlewood, 1 run backs away and toe-ends a hit to cover;
19.4;1;Mustafizur to Starc, 1 run hits this full toss straight to deep cover;
19.3;?;Mustafizur to Starc, no run another slower length ball outside off, beaten again;
19.2;1;Mustafizur to Hazlewood, 1 run driven straight to cover;
19.2;1w;Mustafizur to Hazlewood, 1 wide sprays this outside the wide line as he attempts another slower ball;
19.1;?;Mustafizur to Hazlewood, no run beaten by a cutter that spins back in to keep low and beat the inside edge;
18.6;?;Shoriful Islam to Starc, no run defends this slower delivery back. Slightly uppish but doesn't carry;
18.5;W;Shoriful Islam to Zampa, OUT heaved into the leg side but that's one more into the bag for Bangladesh as deep midwicket takes a dolly.;Adam Zampa c Afif Hossain b Shoriful Islam 0 (4m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
18.4;?;Shoriful Islam to Zampa, no run beaten by this cutter off a length, played too early;
18.3;1;Shoriful Islam to Starc, 1 run hit hard to long-off;
18.3;1w;Shoriful Islam to Starc, 1 wide beaten as he tries to wait, wait, wait and then drill this slower ball over the infield. Way outside his hitting range;
18.2;W;Shoriful Islam to Tye, OUT hit well but can only find the throat of the long-off fielder who didn't have to move an inch. As easy as they come;Andrew Tye c Mohammad Naim b Shoriful Islam 0 (4m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
18.1;1;Shoriful Islam to Starc, 1 run pushed to the man at the edge of the ring at cover;
17.6;?;Mustafizur to Tye, no run another swing and a miss;
17.5;?;Mustafizur to Tye, no run beaten by another cutter as he tries to swing this across the line;
17.4;1;Mustafizur to Starc, 1 run slaps this to long-off;
17.3;W;Mustafizur to Turner, OUT sliced to the man at extra cover! Great comeback by the Fizz. This is a cutter on a length, deviates big and Turner is deceived as he looks to go downtown again.;Ashton Turner c Mahmudullah b Mustafizur Rahman 8 (19m 10b 1x4 0x6) SR: 80;
17.2;4;Mustafizur to Turner, FOUR runs drilled down the ground to beat long-off. This was right in the slot, Turner held his shape and went hard at it;
17.1;1;Mustafizur to Starc, 1 run heaved into the leg side to deep midwicket;
16.6;3;Shoriful Islam to Starc, 3 runs the short fine leg fielder makes a right royal mess as he fails to account for the ball spinning sway, Shakib comes around to mop up. Starc didn't get pace on the ball to work with;
16.5;1;Shoriful Islam to Turner, 1 run gently tucks it into the leg side for a quick single;
16.4;1;Shoriful Islam to Starc, 1 run mistimes the heave to deep midwicket;
16.3;?;Shoriful Islam to Starc, no run beaten as he backs away to scythe that over the infield;
16.2;4;Shoriful Islam to Starc, FOUR runs takes him on with the hook, and it flies off the top-edge, one bounce to the fine leg boundary;
16.1;?;Shoriful Islam to Starc, no run slower length ball outside off, can't hit it past cover;
15.6;?;Nasum to Turner, no run have they got him? Superb work behind the stumps as Nasum gets this to spin across the face of the bat to beat Turner. Did he drag his back foot inside the crease? Looks like he just made it in time. Good work from Nurul nonetheless;
15.5;1;Nasum to Starc, 1 run eased down to long-off;
15.4;1;Nasum to Turner, 1 run squirted off a thick inside edge towards deep midwicket;
15.3;W;Nasum to Marsh, OUT is that the clincher? Mitch Marsh is out slog-sweeping. Shoriful with an outstanding catch running in. Ran in at least a good 10-15 yards and then put in a dive forward to complete it. Nasum has his fourth.;Mitchell Marsh c Shoriful Islam b Nasum Ahmed 45 (71m 45b 4x4 1x6) SR: 100;
15.2;1;Nasum to Turner, 1 run smeared to sweeper cover;
15.1;1;Nasum to Marsh, 1 run clobbered across the line to deep midwicket;
14.6;1;Shakib to Marsh, 1 run on the pads, turned towards deep midwicket;
14.5;?;Shakib to Marsh, no run beaten as he shapes to cut this full delivery;
14.4;?;Shakib to Marsh, no run quicker and fuller, defended back;
14.3;1lb;Shakib to Turner, 1 leg bye huge lbw shout as Turner goes across a long way to sweep. Not given and Bangladesh review. Hit on the back leg but the ball spun away after pitching and may have just missed off stump. Good decision in the end, but not a bad referral by any means.;
14.2;1;Shakib to Marsh, 1 run drilled to cover, a half-stop will give them a single;
14.1;6;Shakib to Marsh, SIX runs how far has that gone? Enough! Long-off was in business for a split-second but stood no chance. Lovely hit from Marsh, hitting with the spin.;
13.6;?;Nasum to Turner, no run beaten by a superb skidder. Looked to ease it behind point but the ball just fizzed through;
13.5;1;Nasum to Marsh, 1 run forced through the covers;
13.4;1;Nasum to Turner, 1 run off a thick edge past short third;
13.3;?;Nasum to Turner, no run drifts in and rips away to beat the batter's feeble jab at that;
13.2;W;Nasum to Agar, OUT oh dear, Agar has smashed his leg into the wicket and has to go. He worked it neatly with the spin to short fine but the back leg was too far back into the crease. The boot touched the stumps to dislodge the bails as he tried to work it fine.;Ashton Agar hit wicket b Nasum Ahmed 7 (18m 12b 0x4 0x6) SR: 58.33;
13.1;?;Nasum to Agar, no run quicker one on off, steered to short third;
12.6;1;Mustafizur to Agar, 1 run heaved across the line, straight to deep midwicket;
12.5;1;Mustafizur to Marsh, 1 run lofted but not in control, lands between three off-side fielders;
12.4;?;Mustafizur to Marsh, no run slower one into the wicket, stops on the batter as he defends;
12.3;1;Mustafizur to Agar, 1 run makes room and cuts hard, runs off a thick outside edge to square third man;
12.2;?;Mustafizur to Agar, no run off-cutter outside off, dabs to short third. No pace to work with;
12.1;1;Mustafizur to Marsh, 1 run slower and fuller on the stumps, taps it into the off side for a quick single;
11.6;?;Shakib to Agar, no run deceived in flight as he lunges forward, gets an inside edge onto the pad;
11.5;2;Shakib to Agar, 2 runs shapes to cut but gets a thick outside edge that runs past short third. Good chase by Soumya;
11.4;1;Shakib to Marsh, 1 run driven down to sweeper cover as they jog the single;
11.3;1;Shakib to Agar, 1 run works it from outside off to long-on;
11.2;1;Shakib to Marsh, 1 run squeezes the drive to long-off;
11.1;4;Shakib to Marsh, FOUR runs too much flight and he's absolutely hammered this straight back to almost take the umpire with it. Bullet hit down the ground;
10.6;?;Mahedi Hasan to Agar, no run pushed into the off side;
10.5;?;Mahedi Hasan to Agar, no run driven firmly but straight to the skipper at cover;
10.4;1;Mahedi Hasan to Marsh, 1 run mistimes this slog sweep to deep midwicket;
10.3;?;Mahedi Hasan to Marsh, no run beaten by one that skids through as Marsh was looking to late cut;
10.3;3w;Mahedi Hasan to Marsh, 3 wide sharp turn, beats everyone! This one races past short fine too;
10.2;1;Mahedi Hasan to Agar, 1 run driven inside-out to sweeper cover;
10.1;1;Mahedi Hasan to Marsh, 1 run rocks back and crashes this to deep point, good work in the deep;
9.6;1;Nasum to Marsh, 1 run full and wide outside off. Slapped to deep point;
9.5;1;Nasum to Agar, 1 run over the stumps. Good length on off, and turning into him. Worked off the hips to short fine leg;
9.5;1w;Nasum to Agar, 1 wide good length ball outside leg stump. Skidding through, past his leg stump;
9.4;W;Nasum to Wade, OUT good length, outside leg. Wayward ball, turning way down leg stump, but Wade tries to pull it fine. Smacked straight to short fine leg! One of the worse deliveries every to earn a wicket, and the captain has to go.;Matthew Wade c Mustafizur Rahman b Nasum Ahmed 13 (32m 23b 0x4 0x6) SR: 56.52;
9.3;?;Nasum to Wade, no run good length on leg, and reverse paddled to short third man;
9.2;?;Nasum to Wade, no run good length, on leg and angling across. Flicked to square leg;
9.1;1;Nasum to Marsh, 1 run around the stumps, and the left-arm spinner's full ball is paddled to fine leg for one;
8.6;1;Mahmudullah to Marsh, 1 run full on off stump, and driven to long on;
8.5;1;Mahmudullah to Wade, 1 run full, on off stump. Swept to fine leg for a single;
8.4;1;Mahmudullah to Marsh, 1 run good length, just outside off stump. Tries to punch, and it takes an edge over Mahmudullah!;
8.3;1;Mahmudullah to Wade, 1 run smart keeping! Good length, on middle and leg. Tries to paddle sweep, hits the edge and pops up straight back. But the keeper was going down the leg side for the paddle sweep, and the edge forces him to stick his left hand out to stop a four. Parried away;
8.2;2;Mahmudullah to Wade, 2 runs good length, just outside off stump. Punched uppishly past the fielder at cover! Bit of a dangerous shot, but just wide of the fielder;
8.1;?;Mahmudullah to Wade, no run full, just outside off. Tries to paddle sweep. Misses, hits the pad, but missing off stump;
7.6;1;Shoriful Islam to Wade, 1 run;
7.5;1lb;Shoriful Islam to Marsh, 1 leg bye back of a length, on middle. Misses the pull, hits his body and rolls away to the off side. They scamper across for a dangerous single, and Wade has to put in a dive, just in case;
7.4;1;Shoriful Islam to Wade, 1 run good length ball, wider outside off. Cut to the off side;
7.3;1;Shoriful Islam to Marsh, 1 run full on middle and leg stump. Pushed to mid off, and off they go for a quick single;
7.2;?;Shoriful Islam to Marsh, no run full on middle. Wants to fend it to the on side but it goes to the off side instead;
7.1;4;Shoriful Islam to Marsh, FOUR runs full outside off, and in the slot. Clatters a drive and the pace is used magnificently to get four through the covers;
6.6;1;Mahedi Hasan to Marsh, 1 run good length, just outside off and punched to wide long off for one;
6.5;1;Mahedi Hasan to Wade, 1 run full, just outside off stump. Gets low, and paddles it down to fine leg for one;
6.4;1;Mahedi Hasan to Marsh, 1 run good length, just outside off stump. Cut to deep point again for one;
6.3;?;Mahedi Hasan to Marsh, no run good length, outside off stump. Cut square to point;
6.2;2;Mahedi Hasan to Marsh, 2 runs good length, outside off. Punched to extra cover for two;
6.1;1;Mahedi Hasan to Wade, 1 run good length from around the stumps. Lands on off and skids through. Skips to the leg side and punches through the off side;
5.6;?;Mustafizur to Marsh, no run fullish, outside off. The cutter angles across, goes past the bat's edge, to the keeper;
5.5;1;Mustafizur to Wade, 1 run good length, just outside off. Tries to play through the off side but the cutter jags in. Inside edge off the handle to the leg side;
5.4;?;Mustafizur to Wade, no run good length, on off. Tries to pull, but mistimed back to Fizz;
5.3;1;Mustafizur to Marsh, 1 run full on middle and off. Nudged to midwicket for a single;
5.2;?;Mustafizur to Marsh, no run good length, just outside leg stump. Looks to swipe a shot behind square to fine leg, but misses. Hits the pad and the keeper gets behind it;
5.1;?;Mustafizur to Marsh, no run good length outside off and angling further away. Tries to drive uppishly but no contact;
4.6;?;Shakib to Wade, no run good length, just outside off. Nudged back towards the non-striker, and Shakib runs across to intercept;
4.5;1;Shakib to Marsh, 1 run full on middle, and flicked to square leg. Early call for one, comfortably done;
4.4;?;Shakib to Marsh, no run full, slower through the air, on off. Fended to cover;
4.3;4;Shakib to Marsh, FOUR runs short and wide. Slapped through the off side to the point boundary for a much needed four;
4.2;?;Shakib to Marsh, no run good length, outside off, and cut square to point again.;
4.1;?;Shakib to Marsh, no run fullish on off, and he gets on the back foot. Cuts it late, gets it to point;
3.6;1;Mahedi Hasan to Marsh, 1 run good length, on middle. Punched down the ground;
3.5;4;Mahedi Hasan to Marsh, FOUR runs overpitched, outside off. Slashes at it, and gets something on the ball. Races away to the vacant third man region for four;
3.4;1;Mahedi Hasan to Wade, 1 run full outside off and caressed down the ground to long off for a single;
3.3;?;Mahedi Hasan to Wade, no run full on middle. PResses forward to defend;
3.2;2;Mahedi Hasan to Wade, 2 runs good length on middle and skidding into leg. Whipped off his hips to deep midwicket for a couple;
3.1;?;Mahedi Hasan to Wade, no run full on middle from around the stumps. Defended to the off side;
2.6;1;Shakib to Wade, 1 run full on off and nudged to mid on;
2.5;?;Shakib to Wade, no run full outside off, and pushed to mid off;
2.4;?;Shakib to Wade, no run full outside off stump. And the drive is inside edged into his boots;
2.4;1w;Shakib to Wade, 1 wide good length, on middle and leg. Turning further down the leg side. Wide given;
2.3;?;Shakib to Wade, no run full just outside off. Tries to reverse sweep, hits the bat, and onto his pads;
2.2;?;Shakib to Wade, no run over the stumps. Full on middle, and nudged off his toes to the leg side;
2.1;W;Shakib to Henriques, OUT first ball wicket for Shakib! Slower through the air. Full and wide outside off. Henriques tries to sweep behind square, but it its the inside half of his bat, rolls between his legs, and knocks off stump back. The tigers are roaring!;Moises Henriques b Shakib Al Hasan 1 (3m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
1.6;?;Nasum to Marsh, no run full on leg, and worked to midwicket off the front foot;
1.5;1;Nasum to Henriques, 1 run full on middle and leg. Flicked to midwicket for a single;
1.4;W;Nasum to Philippe, OUT Caught or stumped? Either way, he's outta here! Tossed up, wide outside off and Philippe comes down the wicket and goes for an inside out cover drive. Turns away sharply, but Philippe is way outside his crease as he misses the shot. Through to Nurul, who whips the bails off, and Philippe isn't even waiting for the decision. Replays say that's not caught, but stumped.;Josh Philippe st ?Nurul Hasan b Nasum Ahmed 9 (6m 5b 0x4 1x6) SR: 180;
1.3;2;Nasum to Philippe, 2 runs good length, on off stump. Flicked to deep backward square;
1.2;6;Nasum to Philippe, SIX runs good length, on off. Rocks back deep and pulls over deep midwicket for six! Picked the length early, and swatted for half a dozen;
1.1;?;Nasum to Philippe, no run good length on off from around the stumps. Angling in. Pushed to mid on;
0.6;?;Mahedi Hasan to Marsh, no run fuller. On middle, and turning into leg. Flicked to square leg;
0.5;?;Mahedi Hasan to Marsh, no run good length, just outside off. Skidding through and fended back to Mahedi;
0.4;?;Mahedi Hasan to Marsh, no run good length, on off stump. Tapped with soft hands to midwicket;
0.3;1;Mahedi Hasan to Philippe, 1 run length ball on middle and leg. Walks across and flicks to deep midwicket;
0.2;1;Mahedi Hasan to Marsh, 1 run full on middle. Over the stumps this time. Tapped to the leg side for a single;
0.1;W;Mahedi Hasan to Carey, OUT bowled first ball! And what a start this is for Bangladesh! Round-arm from around the stumps. Length ball on off and skidding inwards. Carey tries to cut, expecting it to turn, and pays the price. Stumps are s-h-a-t-t-e-r-e-d!;Alex Carey b Mahedi Hasan 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;

Welcome back to the chase. Australia favourites to take the 1-0 lead, unless the spinners make a web around them and the two left-arm seamers can make some impact up front. Alex Carey and Josh Philippe are out there. We'll start with offspin, however, here's Mahedi Hasan.
 Innings Start
Bangladesh
Australia
1st T20I (N), Dhaka, Aug 3 2021, Australia tour of Bangladesh
131/7
108
Player of the match is Nasum Ahmed, BDESH
Bangladesh won by 23 runs
