Data
Greg: "You didn't capitalise 'Freund'. ;)" Yeah, because I didn't really like him. Next!
andy f: "facing Hastings I get tastings for pastings lacings and through mid on long chasings" Better ... but still pretty desperate ...
David Willey speaks: "I think it might be getting better [to bat on]. The guys are pretty keen to start well." He'll be back here for Yorkshire next season of course, so a decent sighter of what to expect in 2016.
David T: "Not in Berlin, it doesn't. In Berlin, what is called a Berliner elsewhere is a Pfannkuchen. Confusingly, elsewhere a Pfannkuchen does exist, but it's something completely different again." It's all Greek to me ...
Right, time for a sarnie. Back in a bit!
49.6;1;Wood to Hastings, 1 run swung hard and loose out to extra cover. That is a fantastic finale - 65 runs from the last five overs and England have a battle (of Hastings, clearly) on their hands to stay in the series.;
49.5;1;Wood to Wade, 1 run thumped down the ground for a single. Wade's final ball of the innings completes his fifty from 26 balls;
49.4;6;Wood to Wade, SIX runs massive! A pre-meditated move to the off-side and a violent wallop across the line as Wood pays the price for dropping too short. Gosh;
49.3;2;Wood to Wade, 2 runs crashed into the gap at long-on, they scamper back for two;
49.2;6;Wood to Wade, SIX runs Wade unfurls the scoop shot again and that is stunningly timed, high over the keeper's head, straight out of the meat of the middle. Remarkable;
49.1;1;Wood to Hastings, 1 run clumped out to mid-on;
48.6;1;Willey to Hastings, 1 run Hastings' turn to keep the strike as Australia enter the final over with dreams of 300 back in their mind's eye;
48.5;1;Willey to Wade, 1 run low full toss, but effective in the circumstances. Drilled out to deep midwicket;
48.4;4;Willey to Wade, FOUR runs up and under, a one-bounce four inches inside the rope at midwicket. Wade got right underneath that, almost a slog sweep;
48.3;1;Willey to Hastings, 1 run smashed out to deep midwicket, a bit of a predictable length from Willey there, but the sweeper is in position;
48.2;1;Willey to Wade, 1 run thumped hard, but the field is well set as long-off tidies up;
48.1;4;Willey to Wade, FOUR runs turns inside out and flicks a sweep past his leg stump. Sweetly played;
45.6;2;Wood to Wade, 2 runs firmly struck out to deep midwicket;
45.5;1;Wood to Hastings, 1 run driven out to the covers. More conventional length, and stroke;
45.4;1;Wood to Wade, 1 run loose from Wood, a glove-high full toss, and Wade is aghast it is not called a no-ball. That was an off-line beamer, to all intents and purposes;
45.3;1;Wood to Hastings, 1 run blam! Hastings takes on his Durham team-mate again, and nearly skulls him in his follow-through. Half a thought of attempting a return catch. But then the other half of Wood's brain recognised discretion was better part of valour;
45.2;6;Wood to Hastings, SIX runs bosh. Levers. Front leg retreats to square leg, bat swings through. Get some of that;
45.1;?;Wood to Hastings, no run outside off, seaming past the edge, a Test-match delivery, met with a one-day waft. Which is an elaborate way of saying no run, through to the keeper;
44.6;1;Plunkett to Hastings, 1 run another attempted yorker, goes awry but not expensively so this time.;
44.5;4;Plunkett to Hastings, FOUR runs full toss, waist high, carelessly loose, and that has given Hastings full licence to play baseball. Home run through wide long-on;
44.4;1;Plunkett to Wade, 1 run full length, swatted out to deep midwicket;
44.3;1;Plunkett to Hastings, 1 run driven into the covers;
44.2;4;Plunkett to Hastings, FOUR runs blam! That's how Hastings operates, a fraction too short, and slammed over midwicket;
44.1;1;Plunkett to Wade, 1 run short and slapped out to midwicket;
47.6;?;Wood to Hastings, no run pushed onto the back foot, defended back down the track. Vital late impetus here for Australia;
47.5;1;Wood to Wade, 1 run punched into the covers;
47.4;6;Wood to Wade, SIX runs blatted over midwicket as Wade picked Wood's slower ball. So much for Hastings being off-strike, this will do nicely for Australia;
47.3;?;Wood to Wade, no run a loud cheer from the crowd but it's off the pad into the keeper's gloves;
47.2;4;Wood to Wade, FOUR runs remarkable stroke from Wade. Stepped out to the off side, Wood followed him, Wade got in a tangle with his ramp shot, but four is the upshot as he flicks the ball off his visor over the keeper's head;
47.1;2;Wood to Wade, 2 runs low full toss, clipped out to midwicket;
46.6;1;Willey to Wade, 1 run Wade keeps the strike, which England might not mind too much in the circumstances;
46.5;2;Willey to Wade, 2 runs clipped off the toes, out to backward square leg;
46.4;1;Willey to Hastings, 1 run full toss, on the pads, Hales at deep square leg shows good hands to save the boundary and whistle in a quick return;
46.3;6;Willey to Hastings, SIX runs smack-tastic! Another brutal swing of the bat, clean through the line as Willey misses his mark and Hastings indulges in a spot of range-hitting;
46.2;1;Willey to Wade, 1 run lovely bowling, back over the wicket, a yorker tailing in late. Nothing Wade can do but chop it onto his boot and sprint;
46.1;1;Willey to Hastings, 1 run Willey, round the wicket, walloped out to midwicket. Low full toss;
43.6;?;Wood to Hastings, no run attempted yorker. In fact, you might even call it a well-executed yorker. Either way, it was very full, suitably dug out, and no run;
43.5;?;Wood to Hastings, no run tucked into the leg-side. Tighter line;
43.4;4;Wood to Hastings, FOUR runs better from Hastings, a bit of width and leathered through the covers with a good stride and a firm slap. Shot;
43.3;?;Wood to Hastings, no run short and lifting into the gloves, turned off the toes;
43.2;1;Wood to Wade, 1 run full and straight, driven down the ground for one more run;
43.1;?;Wood to Wade, no run driven outside off stump, but an inside-edge bobbles back into the crease;
42.6;?;Plunkett to Hastings, no run another splice-rattler. Excellent straight line of attack from Plunkett and England are turning the screw for the moment.;
42.5;?;Plunkett to Hastings, no run pushed onto the back foot, defended into the crease. Good heat on that delivery, as they like to say;
42.4;?;Plunkett to Hastings, no run waits in the crease, nudges a single out to point;
42.3;?;Plunkett to Hastings, no run forward and defended;
42.3;1w;Plunkett to Hastings, 1 wide too wide this time and called as such;
42.2;1;Plunkett to Wade, 1 run clunked into the covers and a slight misfield allows the single;
42.1;?;Plunkett to Wade, no run wide outside off, Wade tries to reach but can't connect;
41.6;?;Ali to Hastings, no run weight forward this time but same result. And that's Moeen done for the day. 10 overs, 2 for 40. Excellent work;
41.5;?;Ali to Hastings, no run cautiously onto the back foot, defended with a considered view of bat on ball;
41.4;W;Ali to Stoinis, OUT reverse sweep, and Australia have lost their third wicket in ten balls! Stoinis drops to one knee, attempts to pick the gap, but merely picks out gully instead! A disappointing debut ends. With the bat at least ...;Marcus Stoinis c Rashid b Ali 4 (5m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 80;
41.3;1;Ali to Wade, 1 run pushed out to point, a hint of width;
41.2;?;Ali to Wade, no run another dot to the scorebook. Ali finding a probing length;
41.1;3;Ali to Stoinis, 3 runs;
40.6;1;Plunkett to Stoinis, 1 run straighter onto the pads, turned round the corner for a single. Lovely over for England's ambitions. Two wickets and one run.;
40.5;?;Plunkett to Stoinis, no run pushed onto the back foot, but more reassuring bat on ball for the new boy;
40.4;?;Plunkett to Stoinis, no run a full face of the bat to launch his ODI career;
40.3;W;Plunkett to Bailey, OUT gosh, now that changes things! Bailey was early onto the drive, the ball stopped in the pitch, popped up off the bat sticker, and straight back into the bowler's grateful mitts! England, it is fair to say, are bossing this Powerplay.;George Bailey c & b Plunkett 75 (126m 110b 6x4 1x6) SR: 68.18;
40.2;?;Plunkett to Bailey, no run Bailey, the anchorman, defends down the track;
40.1;W;Plunkett to Marsh, OUT full, straight, chipped high and hard but only as far as David Willey at long-off who took a well-judged catch in the deep. Instant strike for England and that target of 300 takes a touch of a dent;Mitchell Marsh c Willey b Plunkett 17 (32m 24b 0x4 0x6) SR: 70.83;
39.6;?;Ali to Bailey, no run good delivery to finish, attacking the pads and no way to capitalise for the batsman;
39.5;?;Ali to Bailey, no run defended again;
39.4;?;Ali to Bailey, no run wider outside off stump, met with a fat front pad with bat tucked behind it, and in fact it's called as a dead ball for no stroke offered. A moot point.;
39.3;?;Ali to Bailey, no run on a good length again, defended from the crease;
39.2;1;Ali to Marsh, 1 run chipped up towards mid-on, in the air for a while;
39.1;1lb;Ali to Bailey, 1 leg bye good late adjustment from Ali, who saw his man coming and speared it down the leg-side, looking for the stumping. Bailey got enough pad on it though;
38.6;1;Plunkett to Bailey, 1 run squared up a touch on off stump. Good lifting delivery, fenced out to point;
38.5;1;Plunkett to Marsh, 1 run defended into the covers;
38.4;1;Plunkett to Bailey, 1 run short and pulled, but not timed as the sweeper tidies up;
38.3;4;Plunkett to Bailey, FOUR runs on the pads, whisked away firmly through midwicket for a welcome boundary. That was sweetly timed off the toes;
38.2;?;Plunkett to Bailey, no run blocked down the track;
38.1;1;Plunkett to Marsh, 1 run works the gap, Australia dealing in singles for the moment;
37.6;?;Ali to Bailey, no run down the track but thwarted in his intentions. Tidy work from the spin twins.;
37.5;1;Ali to Marsh, 1 run two steps down the track and chipped into the leg-side;
37.4;?;Ali to Marsh, no run defended into the covers;
37.3;1;Ali to Bailey, 1 run another exchange of singles. They all count.;
37.2;1;Ali to Marsh, 1 run twirled onto a good length, worked up to long-on;
37.1;1;Ali to Bailey, 1 run tucked into the leg-side, another single;
36.6;1;Rashid to Bailey, 1 run tidy over, completed with a sixth single out of six, into the leg side. Ten overs for 63 is his day's work;
36.5;1;Rashid to Marsh, 1 run worked into the leg-side again;
36.4;1;Rashid to Bailey, 1 run tossed up wider, slammed into the covers where Taylor plugs the gap with a sharp dive and a wring of the fingers;
36.3;1;Rashid to Marsh, 1 run a googly, slightly back of a length and easily sighted, pushed down to long-on again;
36.2;1;Rashid to Bailey, 1 run twiddled onto the toes, helped out to deep midwicket. Another one to the total.;
36.1;1;Rashid to Marsh, 1 run on the back foot, punched up to long-on, just the single;
35.6;?;Ali to Bailey, no run length delivery, turned to short backward square, straight to the fielder and there's no run;
35.5;1;Ali to Marsh, 1 run drifting to the leg side, Marsh closes the face and clips one through backward square;
35.4;1;Ali to Bailey, 1 run tossed up and pushed through mid-on coming forwards;
35.3;?;Ali to Bailey, no run Moeen spots Bailey moving around in his crease and fires the ball in on his leg stump, scores a hit on the pads;
35.2;?;Ali to Bailey, no run length ball spinning in, worked across the line and it rolls of the pad;
35.1;1;Ali to Marsh, 1 run tossed up and Marsh has a big swing to leg, skips away off the inside edge;
34.6;?;Rashid to Bailey, no run drags this down a little quicket, pushed back down the track;
34.5;6;Rashid to Bailey, SIX runs that's how you deal with the cute stuff, dances out to the pitch and clubs the ball beyond the ropes straight back down the ground - first boundary in almost ten overs;
34.4;?;Rashid to Bailey, no run slow and loopy outside off, it's the googly and the ball comes back in to cramp Bailey's cut;
34.3;?;Rashid to Bailey, no run full and flighted, driven hard but straight back to the bowler;
34.2;1;Rashid to Marsh, 1 run tossed up on the stumps and nurdled through the leg side;
34.1;1;Rashid to Bailey, 1 run very full from Rashid, drifting towards leg stump, gets forward and clips through midwicket;
33.6;?;Ali to Marsh, no run length ball, Marsh looks a little uncertain and can only work it back to the bowler;
33.5;?;Ali to Marsh, no run tossed up on the stumps, comes forward, can't get it away;
33.4;?;Ali to Marsh, no run angled in with the arm, Marsh taps defensively to the leg side;
33.3;1;Ali to Bailey, 1 run on the stumps, shuffles out and pushes a single to long-on;
33.2;?;Ali to Bailey, no run pushed through outside off, Bailey tires to reverse-sweep once more, there's a big appeal from Bairstow... Think the noise was bat hitting ground;
33.1;?;Ali to Bailey, no run flighted, Bailey gets out and pushes back to the bowler;
32.6;?;Rashid to Marsh, no run gives it some air, dipping and straightening on the stumps, worked to leg but can't find a gap;
32.5;1;Rashid to Bailey, 1 run low full toss from Rashid, comes out and taken down the ground for one to long-on;
32.4;?;Rashid to Bailey, no run tossed up outside off, gets forward to drive but finds extra cover;
32.3;?;Rashid to Bailey, no run flighted, legbreak outside off, Bailey tries to hoick it to leg but is hit in the midriff;
32.2;1;Rashid to Marsh, 1 run advances to a full ball and clips one down the ground;
32.1;?;Rashid to Marsh, no run tossed up nice and slow, pushed back to the bowler;
31.6;?;Ali to Bailey, no run pushed through quite quick outside off, attempts a late cut but again it's cut off on the edge of the ring - good over from Moeen;
31.5;?;Ali to Bailey, no run tossed up on the stumps, Bailey dances and flicks to leg, can't beat short midwicket;
31.4;?;Ali to Bailey, no run pushed through outside off, deflected towards short third man;
31.3;1;Ali to Marsh, 1 run on the stumps, takes another single through midwicket;
31.2;1;Ali to Bailey, 1 run worked through the leg side;
31.1;1;Ali to Marsh, 1 run pushed through on the stumps and punched down the ground;
30.6;1;Rashid to Marsh, 1 run tossed up outside off, sits back and swats one more out towards deep extra cover;
30.5;1;Rashid to Bailey, 1 run dragged down a touch as Bailey advances, transfers the weight back and cuts through cover point;
30.4;1;Rashid to Marsh, 1 run flighted, outside off stump, Marsh comes forward and then taps gently through the covers;
30.3;1;Rashid to Bailey, 1 run flighted on the stumps, comes forward and pushes one back past the bowler to long-on;
30.2;?;Rashid to Bailey, no run tossed up outside off, spinning away and Bailey leaves it;
30.1;?;Rashid to Bailey, no run tossed up and bunted back to the bowler, into the ground first but the crowd didn't realise that;
29.6;1lb;Ali to Bailey, 1 leg bye flat on the stumps, Bailey comes forward and plays across the line, deflects off his pad to a gap at midwicket;
29.5;1;Ali to Marsh, 1 run on the stumps and tapped through square leg to get going;
29.4;W;Ali to Maxwell, OUT speared in and leg stump is pegged back, Maxwell bowled trying to reverse-sweep! The onslaught is over, a reversey Percy too many, though it's a surprise that Maxwell got it wrong rather than Bailey... The ball was straight and skipped under the bat as Maxwell aimed another swingeing swat through point;Glenn Maxwell b Ali 85 (81m 64b 10x4 2x6) SR: 132.81;
29.3;1;Ali to Bailey, 1 run on the stumps and nurdled through the leg side;
29.2;?;Ali to Bailey, no run tossed up outside off, Bailey tries to reverse-sweep again, misses and Bairstow grabs the ball by his knees... Michael Gough shakes his head, looks like it hit the upper arm and then rebounded off his helmet;
29.1;1;Ali to Maxwell, 1 run drops a little short, pulled through backward square leg with the turn;
28.6;?;Plunkett to Bailey, no run full on the stumps, this time Bailey on drives, but again the ball zips across the pitch to the fielder and prevents a single being taken - decent return from Plunkett but England need a few more tight overs;
28.5;?;Plunkett to Bailey, no run pitched up, shuffles forward and drills the ball to mid-off;
28.4;?;Plunkett to Bailey, no run back of a length and defended around off stump;
28.3;1;Plunkett to Maxwell, 1 run shortish, bit of width and Maxwell throws the hands, slices one down to third man;
28.2;?;Plunkett to Maxwell, no run back of a length, worked to the leg side but not past short midwicket;
28.1;1;Plunkett to Bailey, 1 run slightly short outside off and chopped through the covers - there's Bailey's fifty, Australia looking in much better shape than an hour ago;
27.6;1;Ali to Bailey, 1 run quicker ball from Moeen, a leading edge pops into the off side and runs through mid-off to take Bailey to 49 and keep him on strike;
27.5;?;Ali to Bailey, no run pushed through outside off, Bailey reverses the hands but this time fails to connect;
27.4;1;Ali to Maxwell, 1 run tossed up, Maxwell clips another single through square leg;
27.3;1;Ali to Bailey, 1 run on the stumps, turned through midwicket;
27.2;1;Ali to Maxwell, 1 run flatter trajectory outside off, Maxwell reverses the hands and gets some glove on it past the keeper;
27.1;1;Ali to Bailey, 1 run floated up on the stumps and worked through the legs ide;
26.6;1;Rashid to Bailey, 1 run tossed up, Bailey comes down the pitch and punches a single to long-off;
26.5;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run spinning away outside off, swatted through cover point for one more;
26.4;1;Rashid to Bailey, 1 run pushed through on leg stump and Bailey drops his bat on it late;
26.3;3;Rashid to Maxwell, 3 runs on the stumps, just a tickle of inside edge and it runs fine towards the boundary, won't quite go all the way;
26.2;?;Rashid to Maxwell, no run well bowled, gives it a rip and spins the legbreak past the bat, Bairstow then whips off the bails in one smooth motion but Maxwell hadn't gone anywhere;
26.1;?;Rashid to Maxwell, no run tossed up outside off, tapped into the covers;
25.6;4;Ali to Bailey, FOUR runs flighted outside off and this time Bailey gets the reverse-sweep away, cracks it to the fence;
25.5;2;Ali to Bailey, 2 runs Bailey goes down early to paddle and Bairstow attempts to cut it off, it would have been a brilliant piece of work but the ball is flicked at the last minute past his chin for a couple;
25.4;1;Ali to Maxwell, 1 run angled in, Maxwell walks out and whips one more through mid-on;
25.3;1;Ali to Bailey, 1 run skips out and flicks to leg, it's in the air for a while but bounces in front of Rashid at square leg;
25.2;1;Ali to Maxwell, 1 run slower from Moeen, around off stump, Maxwell drives and gets an inside egde through midwicket;
25.1;?;Ali to Maxwell, no run tossed up, clipped back down the track coming fowards;
24.6;?;Rashid to Bailey, no run again Bailey comes forward on off stump, doesn't get to the pitch and pads it into the covers;
24.5;?;Rashid to Bailey, no run gives it some air, defended on the front foot;
24.4;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run flat outside off, Maxwell sits back and swipes a single through point;
24.3;1;Rashid to Bailey, 1 run tossed up, skips forward and pushes one more down the ground;
24.2;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run pushed through wide of the stumps, Maxwell drags it down to long-off;
24.1;4;Rashid to Maxwell, FOUR runs low full toss from Rashid and Maxwell just clears midwicket off the toe of the bat, into a gap and it bounces to the rope;
23.6;?;Ali to Bailey, no run comes forward and then blocks back to the bowler with bat next to pad;
23.5;?;Ali to Bailey, no run full length, Bailey attempts the reverse-sweep himself but fails to connect;
23.4;2;Ali to Bailey, 2 runs floated up outside off, Bailey is down early and paddles a couple fine on the leg side;
23.3;1;Ali to Maxwell, 1 run tossed up, Maxwell waits for it and nurdles one around the corner to backward square leg;
23.2;?;Ali to Maxwell, no run comes forward and can't get this one away;
23.1;4;Ali to Maxwell, FOUR runs tossed up outside off and Maxwell cracks a reverse sweep through point for four from Moeen's first ball. Welcome, sir;
22.6;?;Rashid to Bailey, no run comes forward and taps the ball back to the bowler;
22.5;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run pushed through flat and Maxwell settles for a punch to long-off;
22.4;4;Rashid to Maxwell, FOUR runs goes inside out this time, slicing four out towards deep extra cover - three boundaries in a row, no sympathy shown for his Yorkshire team-mate;
22.3;6;Rashid to Maxwell, SIX runs drags this one down and Maxwell has to fetch it from outside off... but still it flies for six! Just manages to get it over the rope at wide long-on;
22.2;6;Rashid to Maxwell, SIX runs full toss from Rashid and Maxwell gets out his ice cream scoop, helps himself over deep midwicket - that's gone miles back, and it brings up his fifty in appropriately bruising style;
22.1;?;Rashid to Maxwell, no run tossed up and flicked to midwicket, who underarms at the stumps - and hits - but Bailey was in his ground and momentarily thinking about a single;
21.6;4;Stokes to Bailey, FOUR runs bit of width and this is plated late, out of the middle and in front of third man, who can't prevent four;
21.5;?;Stokes to Bailey, no run excellent fielding from Roy at slip, Bailey edging the ball but playing with soft hands, looked to be bouncing wide until it was grabbed one-handed to prevent a run;
21.4;?;Stokes to Bailey, no run slower ball, Bailey adjusts and taps back to the bowler;
21.3;?;Stokes to Bailey, no run bouncer from Stokes, nearly gets Bailey into a tangle, he tries to pull but is beaten for pace;
21.2;1;Stokes to Maxwell, 1 run pitched up outside off this time and steered in front of point for one more;
21.1;4;Stokes to Maxwell, FOUR runs short and swatted in front of deep midwicket for four! Powerful pull stroke from Maxwell, the ball flying away as he rattled his wrists through the shot;
20.6;?;Rashid to Bailey, no run pushed through outside off stump, steered off the back foot straight to short third man;
20.5;?;Rashid to Bailey, no run tossed up and pushed back to the bowler;
20.4;?;Rashid to Bailey, no run on the stumps and spinning away past off as Bailey leaves;
20.3;2;Rashid to Bailey, 2 runs driven in the air but through the bowler's hands! Tough one for Rashid, as Bailey advanced and thumped it back over his head, long-on prevents it going for four;
20.2;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run flighted outside off, Maxwell steps out and punches a single down the ground;
20.1;?;Rashid to Maxwell, no run tossed up and mistimed back towards Rashid;
19.6;?;Stokes to Bailey, no run beaten again, there's still a little juice for the seamers, a length ball zipping through to Bairstow;
19.5;?;Stokes to Bailey, no run possibly another cutter from Stokes, pushed back towards the bowler;
19.4;?;Stokes to Bailey, no run in the channel, Bailey gets into line and taps towards cover;
19.3;?;Stokes to Bailey, no run pitched up and defended coming forwards;
19.2;1;Stokes to Maxwell, 1 run pitched up outside off and Maxwell swings vengefully through the line, gets one through the covers - 100 up for Australia, this is looking like a decent recovery, with the sun now out;
19.1;1;Stokes to Bailey, 1 run on the stumps and worked away through midwicket;
18.6;2;Rashid to Maxwell, 2 runs full toss, on the stumps and swept through square leg for a couple more;
18.5;2;Rashid to Maxwell, 2 runs gives it some air outside off, punched through the covers for a couple;
18.4;?;Rashid to Maxwell, no run pitched up, Maxwell is forward to drive, Rashid dives to his left to collect;
18.3;?;Rashid to Maxwell, no run length ball, spinning from middle to off, Maxwell plays a cross-batted shot but can't get it away;
18.2;?;Rashid to Maxwell, no run flighted on the stumps, pushed back to the bowler;
18.1;3;Rashid to Bailey, 3 runs looped outside off, Bailey delicately guides the ball off an open bat face past short third man for three;
17.6;?;Stokes to Maxwell, no run rolls his fingers over the ball, outside off stump, Maxwell waits and chops one to third man;
17.5;1;Stokes to Bailey, 1 run good length, gets forward and dabs a single square on the off side;
17.4;4;Stokes to Bailey, FOUR runs and Bailey does the salt-rubbing, smashing a full delivery past cover on the drive;
17.3;1;Stokes to Maxwell, 1 run short ball, slapped in the air towards fine leg... "Catch!" yells Stokes but Rashid misjudges it and Maxwell is dropped again! It was a tough-ish chance, diving forwards, but like Roy he got there only to fluff the chance, barely got fingertips on it;
17.2;1;Stokes to Bailey, 1 run on the stumps, closes the face and tucks a single past midwicket;
17.1;?;Stokes to Bailey, no run pitched up around off stump, tapped back towards the bowler;
17.1;1w;Stokes to Bailey, 1 wide short-length slower ball, down the leg side;
16.6;1;Rashid to Bailey, 1 run tossed up even slower, worked down the ground to long-on;
16.5;?;Rashid to Bailey, no run lovely stuff from Rashid, gives it some air and then rips the ball past the outside edge and into the keeper's gloves as Bailey presses forward;
16.4;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run flatter, goes back on middle and leg and pulls through midwicket into the deep;
16.3;?;Rashid to Maxwell, no run floated up on the stumps, Maxwell can't get it away;
16.2;1;Rashid to Bailey, 1 run tossed up out of the back of the hand this time, Bailey punches one through the covers;
16.1;?;Rashid to Bailey, no run starts with an offspinner on the stumps, just a loosener and Bailey tucks to leg;
15.6;4;Plunkett to Maxwell, FOUR runs imperious from Maxwell! Not much footwork, just waits for an overpitched delivery on off and belts it back fine of mid-off. Woof;
15.5;1;Plunkett to Bailey, 1 run on the stumps, stays back and pushes one in front of square;
15.4;4;Plunkett to Bailey, FOUR runs short and wide and crashed in front of deep extra cover by way of punishment, meaty cut from from Bailey for his second boundary;
15.3;?;Plunkett to Bailey, no run nip-backer this time, Bailey is trapped on the crease... Not given but England decide to use their review. Think this is a bit of a gamble, Bailey was struck on the knee roll, so height probably an issue and it looked to be heading towards leg stump, too. Yep, Joel Wilson confirms via Hawk-Eye that it was heading over the top of leg, so Bailey endures;
15.2;?;Plunkett to Bailey, no run teasing line from Plunkett, gets the ball to straighten off the pitch and beat Bailey's waft;
15.1;?;Plunkett to Bailey, no run back of a length and pushed into the covers;
14.6;1;Stokes to Bailey, 1 run fullish and a touch wide, steered through the covers on the front foot;
14.5;?;Stokes to Bailey, no run done him, good length outside off, Bailey nearly hangs himself out to dry but fails to get a touch on it;
14.4;?;Stokes to Bailey, no run goes a little wider, rising through off a length as Bailey thrust out his front leg and shoulders arms;
14.3;?;Stokes to Bailey, no run low full toss from Stokes, 87mph but he can only toe-end it along the carpet to mid-off;
14.2;2;Stokes to Bailey, 2 runs pitched up outside off, Bailey plays this with an open face and gets it square in front of deep extra cover for a couple;
14.1;1;Stokes to Maxwell, 1 run full length in the channel, punched through the covers;
13.6;1;Plunkett to Maxwell, 1 run on the stumps, dabbed into the leg side Maxwell charges through for one despite the fielder closing in;
13.5;?;Plunkett to Maxwell, no run oof, he's hit on the groin and grimaces, understandably, the ball came back at him sharply;
13.4;?;Plunkett to Maxwell, no run slightly leg side, flicks the pad and dribbles to Bairstow's left;
13.3;?;Plunkett to Maxwell, no run good response from Plunkett, gets this to nibble away from slightly back of a length, past Maxwell's bat;
13.2;4;Plunkett to Maxwell, FOUR runs lovely stuff from Maxwell, too full and straight and it's sent with withering force back past the stumps at the other end for four;
13.1;2;Plunkett to Maxwell, 2 runs back of a length and speared through gully, not much to this but placement between two fielders;
12.6;?;Stokes to Bailey, no run tight line, good length, defended coming forwards - decent start from Stokes;
12.5;?;Stokes to Bailey, no run pitched up, Bailey bunts it back down the pitch and Stokes catches it one-handed on the bounce, then gestures to throw at the stumps... Bailey cracks into a grin, though perhaps not wilfully;
12.4;?;Stokes to Bailey, no run comes forward and blocks into the off side;
12.3;1;Stokes to Maxwell, 1 run full length, Maxwell advances and cracks a drive out towards deep extra cover;
12.2;?;Stokes to Maxwell, no run full, slower delivery, deceives Maxwell as he pushes forward, Bairstow can't gather it cleanly either;
12.1;1;Stokes to Bailey, 1 run pitched up in the channel, Bailey drives off the front foot through the covers;
11.6;1;Plunkett to Bailey, 1 run angled in towards the stumps, Bailey works the ball to leg and takes another single;
11.5;1;Plunkett to Maxwell, 1 run back of a length, opens the face and steers one off the outside edge to third man;
11.4;?;Plunkett to Maxwell, no run ooh, that's a jaffa from Plunkett, scissoring past the outside edge on off stump;
11.3;?;Plunkett to Maxwell, no run good length in the channel, one Yorkshire player to another, left alone;
11.2;?;Plunkett to Maxwell, no run shortish, moves outside off and blocks into the covers;
11.1;4;Plunkett to Maxwell, FOUR runs pitched up full outside off and Maxwell creams another boundary through the covers. Can change a game quickly, this fellow;
10.6;4;Willey to Bailey, FOUR runs goes round the wicket, full length outside off, Bailey this time gets his drive through and, despite a valiant dive from Taylor on the boundary, picks up four;
10.5;?;Willey to Bailey, no run length ball on off stump, tapped into the covers;
10.4;1;Willey to Maxwell, 1 run tighter line, Maxwell works it off his hips to midwicket for one;
10.3;4;Willey to Maxwell, FOUR runs another full delivery and another driven four! Lights, camera, action for the Big Show, this was an even better shot, lacing the ball along the ground through the covers;
10.2;4;Willey to Maxwell, FOUR runs pitched up and Maxwell isn't going to sit and fret about being dropped, he reaches for a drive, in the air but square of cover and it runs away to the fence;
10.1;?;Willey to Maxwell, no run length ball angled across outside off, pushed towards point;
9.6;1;Wood to Maxwell, 1 run pitched up, Maxwell drives and edges to second slip where it's dropped by the diving Jason Roy! He got down to it well enough but the ball clunked off his wrists to earth. Oh dear;
9.5;?;Wood to Maxwell, no run shuffles across and pokes a length ball towards cover;
9.4;4;Wood to Maxwell, FOUR runs full and straight and swung back down the ground, Maxwell was aiming for cow corner, it came off the bat sticker but still had enough on it to beat mid-off and run to the boundary - only the third of the innings so far;
9.4;2nb;Wood to Bailey, (no ball) 1 run comes across and steers one through backward point... and Wood has overstepped;
9.3;?;Wood to Bailey, no run good length, shaping away as Bailey again leaves with a flourish;
9.2;?;Wood to Bailey, no run length ball, left alone outside off;
9.1;1;Wood to Maxwell, 1 run fired in towards the stumps, Maxwell prods at it and gets an inside edge through the leg side;
8.6;1;Willey to Maxwell, 1 run brilliant stop in the covers! Full delivery and Maxwell leathered a drive that was grabbed on the bounce by a leaping Taylor;
8.5;?;Willey to Maxwell, no run tight to off stump, holding its line, again left alone;
8.4;?;Willey to Maxwell, no run slighty full outside off, Maxwell comes forward and lets it go;
8.3;W;Willey to Finch, OUT goes on with the arm, Finch feels for it and nicks off! Willey fell over in his follow through and had to appeal from the floor - but it's Australia who looking unsteady on their feet, three down for spit. Willey has been mixing up inswingers with bother-balls in the channel, Finch wasn't quite sure what was coming and just got a thin snick through to Bairstow;Aaron Finch c ?Bairstow b Willey 15 (37m 27b 2x4 0x6) SR: 55.55;
8.2;?;Willey to Finch, no run pushed across outside off, Finch lets it go;
8.1;1;Willey to Bailey, 1 run another full in-ducker from Willey, nearly skewers Bailey in the manner of Smith, just manages to get his bat down in time and squeeze it behind square;
7.6;?;Wood to Finch, no run slightly back of a length outside off, lets this one zip through;
7.5;4;Wood to Finch, FOUR runs robust response, the ball seaming back in, stands up tall and crunches a drive through the covers, no one is catching that;
7.4;?;Wood to Finch, no run beauty from Wood, 91mph on a full length and it jags away past the outside edge as Finch feels for it;
7.3;?;Wood to Finch, no run fuller, Finch gets forward and checks a drive into the off side;
7.2;?;Wood to Finch, no run length ball around off stump, this time Finch defends;
7.1;?;Wood to Finch, no run pitched up in the channel and Finch tries to boom it down the ground, carves out a slice of fresh air!;
6.6;?;Willey to Bailey, no run oh dear, what's Bailey done... he plants his front foot and raises his bat out of the way, hit bang on the knee roll. Dharmasena takes a few moments to mull it over before shaking his head. Probably didn't come back enough and England elect not to review, knowing it needed to be red-red-red to overturn the decision;
6.5;?;Willey to Bailey, no run slanted towards the slips on a length, hits the seam and straightens a tough but wide enough for Bailey to leave;
6.4;?;Willey to Bailey, no run off-stump line, this time Bailey covers it and defends;
6.3;?;Willey to Bailey, no run pushed across, this one goes on with the arm and whooshes past the outside edge. Lovely bowling;
6.2;W;Willey to Smith, OUT pinned in front, Smith falling over his feet - gone! A corking delivery, right up in the blockhole and Smith failed to get bat on it this time as he swung across the line, hit on the back foot plumb in front of middle and off, the ball curving back beautifully... Thinks about a review but instead decides to take his medicine and head for the dressing room;Steven Smith lbw b Willey 5 (15m 12b 0x4 0x6) SR: 41.66;
6.1;?;Willey to Smith, no run lovely line from Willey, enticing Smith into an expansive drive and he plays around it on the up;
6.1;1w;Willey to Smith, 1 wide slides down the leg side;
5.6;1;Wood to Smith, 1 run length ball outside off, 90mph, Smith waves his wand and manages a thick inside edge through backward square;
5.5;?;Wood to Smith, no run pitched up outside off and driven to mid-off;
5.4;1;Wood to Finch, 1 run dabbed into the leg side and they take on Rashid's arm - a direct hit would have been interesting but I think Finch had rumbled through okay;
5.3;?;Wood to Finch, no run 89mph darting in on off stump, Wood appeals as the ball rattles the front pad... but only after it had clipped the inside edge;
5.2;1;Wood to Smith, 1 run length outside off, squares Smith up a touch and a thick edge flies wide of slip down to third man;
5.1;?;Wood to Smith, no run fullish outside off, Smith comes forward and shows it a straight bat;
4.6;1;Willey to Smith, 1 run nice shape on this, gentle pace swinging back in at Smith, who's more than comfortable with the ball on his pads and glances another single through backward square;
4.5;1lb;Willey to Finch, 1 leg bye full on the pads, Finch flicks at it and the ball rolls away behind square;
4.4;?;Willey to Finch, no run pushed across, fullish and tempting the drive, Finch narrows his eyes and watches it through;
4.3;1;Willey to Smith, 1 run touch shorter and on leg stump, 78mph, tucked away through backward square;
4.2;?;Willey to Smith, no run length delivery, angled across the right-hander from over the wicket, no stroke;
4.1;1;Willey to Finch, 1 run Willey floats the ball up towards Finch's toes, he punches to mid-on, who's set back and there's room for a quick single;
3.6;1;Wood to Finch, 1 run back of a length on off stump, 87mph and Finch rocks back to pull one down to fine leg;
3.5;?;Wood to Finch, no run goes wide and spears the ball in on the stumps, jabbed towards square leg;
3.4;?;Wood to Finch, no run full and straight and punched back to mid-on;
3.3;1;Wood to Smith, 1 run back of a length, 90mph and worked away through square leg;
3.2;?;Wood to Smith, no run full and straight, pinged back smoothly along the ground, Moeen makes a diving stop to his left at mid-on;
3.1;1;Wood to Finch, 1 run shortish, on the stumps and tucked through backward square for a single;
2.6;?;Willey to Smith, no run short over off stump and Smith taps to the leg side;
2.5;W;Willey to Burns, OUT angled across, Burns prods at it... and plays on to his stumps! An unconvincing stay from Burns, didn't really get a feel for ball on bat and this time a fraction of inward movement results in a drag-on. The ball was not quite there to cut, no real conviction in the shot;Joe Burns b Willey 2 (10m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 28.57;
2.4;3;Willey to Finch, 3 runs short and slightly wide and there's room for Finch to crush the ball through the covers, looks like four all the way until James Taylor whirs into the picture and dives to scoop it back with an inch to spare;
2.3;1lb;Willey to Burns, 1 leg bye on the stumps, slightly back of a length, flicked off the thigh pad behind square;
2.2;?;Willey to Burns, no run another appeal, Burns beaten past the inside edge, 82mph and rapped on the thigh pad in front of middle and off... Too high;
2.1;?;Willey to Burns, no run length ball, shaping back in, Burns defends watchfully;
1.6;?;Wood to Finch, no run pitched up on the stump, Finch plays a regal-looking on drive but sends it straight to mid-on;
1.5;?;Wood to Finch, no run sharp from Wood, 92mph and the ball goes thudding into Finch's knee roll, Wood exercises his lungs but umpire Gough gives a shake of the head - probably going down leg, a touch high too;
1.4;?;Wood to Finch, no run in the channel, Finch dabs it softly towards backward point;
1.3;?;Wood to Finch, no run back of a length outside off, 89mph and blocked with a straight bat;
1.2;1;Wood to Burns, 1 run touch short, tapped in front of square and they take the single, Finch slipped over, preventing a second;
1.1;?;Wood to Burns, no run starts on a decent line outside off, Burns watches it through to the keeper;
0.6;?;Willey to Finch, no run a much better lbw shout, Willey straightening the ball on leg stump... but Dharmasena decides it was missing leg;
0.5;?;Willey to Finch, no run Willey shifts his line across to middle and off, there's an appeal for lbw, maybe some bat involved but the ball loops short of slip;
0.4;4;Willey to Finch, FOUR runs on the pads, the ball shaping and this time Finch just gets a tickle of bat on it to pick up four to long leg;
0.3;4lb;Willey to Finch, 4 leg byes again the ball dips back at Finch, who's walking across his stumps, Willey appeals for lbw as the ball skips away fine to the boundary;
0.2;?;Willey to Finch, no run bit of inswing this time, 79mph, Finch prods it watchfully towards midwicket;
0.1;1;Willey to Burns, 1 run over the wicekt, good length on the stumps to begin with, Burns tucks one in front of square;

Hello all, Alan here to take the chair while Miller does more important things... Cracking morning in t'Leeds, from the look of it. David Willey to bowl
10.10am Gnasher has his hat on, hip hip hip hooray. "The sun is burning through nicely and it's a sell-out crowd," he reports from the front line. It's positively idyllic. Well, as idyllic as Headingley's municipal swimming pool architecture can get, at any rate.
James: "Wood for Finn may be for Mark Wood to try to get a bit of swing? Finn is more hit the deck, because of his height." Perhaps, perhaps, perhaps ... all seems a little peculiar though, especially given how many England games Finn has missed in recent times. I dare say he'd prefer to get his caps while he's hot ...
Rohit Mehta: "When was the last time Australia played an ODI without a left-arm bowler?" Oooh, now there's a question. *scurries to statsguru* ... Gnasher's early guesstimate is 2013 Ashes when Starc was omitted... we shall get a definitive answer soon enough.
Rob: "Good morning Mr Miller old boy. I think you should only publish comments that include song titles by Iron Maiden ... Batting should be a little easier today, there will be no "Fear of the Starc" (sorry)" And so you should be ...
10am Right, it's time for the toss ... and Steven Smith calls correctly and unsurprisingly, he has chosen to bat first.
"The wicket looks quite dry," says Smith, who hopes to take England's spinners out of the equation. Stoinis is in for the spin of Ashton Agar, on account of the conditions, while John Hastings replaces Mitchell Starc.
Eoin Morgan would have batted first. He announces two changes, Steven Finn has been rested, with Mark Wood taking his place. David Willey comes in for the injured Chris Woakes. Strange to rest Finn after his pivotal role in the third match, but Morgan stresses the desire to build a pool of players who can be called upon at any time.
England 1 Jason Roy, 2 Alex Hales, 3 James Taylor, 4 Eoin Morgan (capt), 5 Ben Stokes, 6 Jonny Bairstow (wk), 7 Moeen Ali, 8 Adil Rashid, 9 David Willey, 10 Liam Plunkett, 11 Mark Wood
Australia 1 Aaron Finch, 2 Joe Burns, 3 Steven Smith (capt), 4 George Bailey, 5 Glenn Maxwell, 6 Mitchell Marsh, 7 Matthew Wade (wk), 8 Marcus Stoinis, 9 John Hastings, 10 James Pattinson, 11 Pat Cummins.
9.45am The first change of the day has already been revealed, with Marcus Stoinis set to make his ODI debut for Australia after receiving his cap in a huddle during the warm-up. He's a medium-paced allrounder, who also featured in the T20 at Cardiff last month - his one over went for 13 while he finished unbeaten on 10 from eight balls, so not a lot to judge him by there. Mitchell Starc, who has looked weary since his exertions in the Test series, looks primed for a rest.
And for more lowdown on the new boy Stoinis, including the story of his early-career gamble, here's Melinda Farrell, who caught up with him for an exclusive chat.
James: "Morning everyone! Tactics in this series seem pretty straightforward. Bat first. Make 300. Bowl opposition out. Wonder if that will work at Headingley first thing. I can remember watching Gillette Cup finals in September where the bowling side wreaked havoc in the first 10-15 overs (I particularly remember Joel Garner winning a Gillette Cup final for Somerset, but he was difficult to face at the best of times)."
9.40am Good morning and welcome to Judgement Day in the Royal London one-day series between England and Australia. After a spluttering start to their campaign, with two defeats in the opening two matches, England found their groove under the lights at Old Trafford on Tuesday and have now crossed the Pennines with the prospect of taking the series all the way to a decider on Sunday.
I'm Andrew Miller, and myself and Alan Gardner will be taking you through the thrills and spills of the day's action, which gets underway at 10.30am BST. In the meantime, here's Alan's match preview, while Andrew McGlashan, our man at the ground, has taken a closer look at the remarkable rise of Adil Rashid, whose legspinning all-round excellence has provided the one-day team with a new dimension.
 Innings Start
So, from 0-2 to 2-2 in the time it takes to cross the Pennines. England and Australia reconvene at Old Trafford on Sunday for a very tasty decider.
Ribhav Bansal: "Stat Alert : This is only the fourth successful chase by England in their ODI history when they are chasing a target of 300 or more. The last two instances have come in the last 3 months." Chapeau
So, Australia paid the price for resting the tiring Mitchell Starc. Pat Cummins' at-times-fearsome pace earned him four wickets but the support cast was lacking today. Eoin Morgan, as fresh as a daisy after his recent break with Middlesex, top-scored for England with 92 and everyone after Alex Hales at the top of the order chipped in with something for the cause.
Reaction from the ground to come, where Andrew "Gnasher" McGlashan has plenty to get his teeth into. But in the meantime, here's an illustrated story that I lovingly prepared for you between overs (you're welcome). And Brydon Coverdale's match report will miraculously update here shortly.
Steven Smith is disappointed that Australia couldn't defend 300. "It was around par I thought but with our bowling we didn't get enough balls in the right areas. The first and last balls of overs often went for four."
"it did a little bit this morning, similar to Lord's, we've just got to be a little more watchful and make sure we have wickets in the shed for the late onslaught."
"it's a final now, both teams have to turn up and play and we'll be up for the channels. We'll have to play their spinners better. The boys have to pick themselves up and make sure they are ready to go."
Eoin Morgan is understandably named as Man of the Match for a run-a-ball 92. "A hugely significant victory," he says of chasing 300. "To come out and have contributions from the majority of the team was a great chase. Always comforting having guys down the order who can play well and have experience."
So, that is that. Tune in on Sunday for what promises to be a thrilling finale, in which England have the unexpected chance to seal victory over Australia in all three formats this summer. All the more reason for their arch-rivals to rally themselves and deny them.
48.2;6;Hastings to Willey, SIX runs woomph! A massive slap for six straight down the ground! David Willey finishes the match as he started it, with a flourish!;
48.1;1;Hastings to Ali, 1 run whisked out to midwicket, another single. Australia's goose is cooked;
47.6;?;Pattinson to Willey, no run blockhole ball, effectively dug out. England need three runs, Australia need three wickets ...;
47.5;1;Pattinson to Ali, 1 run on the pads, tucked to square leg. Another single to the total;
47.4;?;Pattinson to Ali, no run a compact drive to straight mid-off. Another dot;
47.3;?;Pattinson to Ali, no run no way through this time;
47.2;1;Pattinson to Willey, 1 run another single, another loud cheer from a partisan crowd;
47.1;2;Pattinson to Willey, 2 runs round the wicket, a crashing uppercut drive out to cover, and England steal an overthrow as the shy comes in from the deep! Wade allowed the ball to hit the stumps and ricochet away;
46.6;1;Maxwell to Willey, 1 run on the pads, that's a free run as Willey nurdles it fine. Maxwell's excellent day's work is done, barring another intercession in the field of course;
46.5;1;Maxwell to Ali, 1 run tossed up, punched into the gap at cover, the requirement is down to 8;
46.4;4;Maxwell to Ali, FOUR runs swept hard, swept fine, swept into the gap! A fraction too short from Maxwell and he paid the price!;
46.3;?;Maxwell to Ali, no run defended again;
46.2;1;Maxwell to Willey, 1 run flicked off the pads and Willey gratefully accepts the single;
46.1;?;Maxwell to Willey, no run tossed up, and a bit of a nervy poke almost ends up back in the bowler's hands! Maybe he should just tonk it;
45.6;1;Cummins to Willey, 1 run pushed into the covers and Cummins is done for the day. And so too, nearly, are Australia. Three wickets to win, but England bat deep. No rush, surely;
45.5;?;Cummins to Willey, no run resolutely defended, right behind the line of the ball;
45.4;3;Cummins to Ali, 3 runs valuable runs as Cummins' errs in line. 15 now to win;
45.3;?;Cummins to Ali, no run a compact drive, out to cover. Ali content to see off the pace of Cummins now, it would seem;
45.2;?;Cummins to Ali, no run pushed back into the crease, Ali defends. England need to be a little careful now ...;
45.1;W;Cummins to Plunkett, OUT wow, was that actually a clean catch? It's becoming commonplace these days, to take the ball above the head, on the rope, stagger back, lob the ball back into play, leap back over the rope, snaffle the rebound in mid-air and land as if nothing has happened. But Glenn Maxwell has just done it again! And Plunkett's clunk-it innings is over;Liam Plunkett c Maxwell b Cummins 17 (14m 10b 2x4 1x6) SR: 170;
44.6;?;Pattinson to Ali, no run width, Ali chases it and inside-edges to midwicket. Another excellent over for England;
44.5;1;Pattinson to Plunkett, 1 run shorter, pulled out to midwicket;
44.4;6;Pattinson to Plunkett, SIX runs bang! And the ball is gone! Vast straight strike, down the ground, out of sight. Massive shot, and the punters in the hospitality boxes don't want to return the ball. A steward eventually snatches it and flings it back in a huff;
44.3;1lb;Pattinson to Ali, 1 leg bye full and straight, big appeal and a review but that pitched outside leg. It would have splattered all three stumps, but them's the rules;
44.2;1;Pattinson to Plunkett, 1 run chopped down to third man, Plunkett justifying his promotion as a man who likes to use his levers to good effect;
44.1;4;Pattinson to Plunkett, FOUR runs fetch that and bowl me another! Stands and delivers, a violent wallop over the covers;
43.6;?;Cummins to Ali, no run edged, and dropped! Wade followed the chance with one hand, and it was into the mitt and out again. It hit him on the wrist, a definite chance. Made a lot of ground, and having done so, he should have completed that;
43.5;2;Cummins to Ali, 2 runs whisked down to third man, sharp running brings two;
43.4;?;Cummins to Ali, no run crunched into the covers;
43.3;1;Cummins to Plunkett, 1 run straighter, and smashed into the leg side. Just the one to the total;
43.2;?;Cummins to Plunkett, no run more of the same. Plunkett having a flirt outside off, but can't make contact;
43.1;?;Cummins to Plunkett, no run through to the keeper, too much heat to handle there;
42.6;1lb;Maxwell to Plunkett, 1 leg bye worked into the leg-side, off the pad, a good over for England regardless of the wicket;
42.5;4;Maxwell to Plunkett, FOUR runs no messing around. Walloped through midwicket with an Emburey-esque disdain for footwork. Shot;
42.4;W;Maxwell to Bairstow, OUT reverse-sweep, through to the keeper with a loud cry of triumph, and they have gone for the review. It's a fair delivery, and is there a hint of a hot spot on the glove? He's a goner;Jonny Bairstow c ?Wade b Maxwell 31 (43m 27b 3x4 1x6) SR: 114.81;
42.3;?;Maxwell to Bairstow, no run drawn down the track, defended;
42.2;1;Maxwell to Ali, 1 run crunched out to Burns again on the rope, who gets an ironic cheer for his troubles;
42.1;6;Maxwell to Ali, SIX runs smashed, into the hands of deep midwicket, who is blasted, cannonball-style, over the ropes for a maximum! A brutally struck sweep, and Moeen's valour is paid off;
41.6;?;Cummins to Bairstow, no run fuller, straighter, swish and a miss. England need fewer than a run a ball;
41.5;1;Cummins to Ali, 1 run banged in short, pulled hard, out to midwicket. This could be a game-sealing over [he says, ducking];
41.4;1;Cummins to Bairstow, 1 run impressive attempt to cash in again, throwing himself, goalkeeper-style, at a wide full-toss. Chopped down to third man;
41.4;7nb;Cummins to Bairstow, (no ball) SIX runs that is a waist-high no-ball, 88mph, straight at Bairstow's box, and he has scooped it high and handsome, clean over backward square!;
41.3;?;Cummins to Bairstow, no run stands tall, but can't time a slash off the back foot into the covers;
41.2;4;Cummins to Bairstow, FOUR runs crunched, backward of point, as Cummins' extra pace proves his undoing. The faster they come, the faster they disappear if the line isn't right;
41.1;?;Cummins to Bairstow, no run full and straight, punched to mid-off;
40.6;?;Maxwell to Ali, no run held back again, Moeen stands tall but can't pierce the gap. Only three from the over;
40.5;1;Maxwell to Bairstow, 1 run down the track, and shovelled from Bairstow into the leg side. No convincing but finds the gap;
40.4;1;Maxwell to Ali, 1 run clipped firmly off the toes. Confident bat on ball from Moeen so far;
40.3;?;Maxwell to Ali, no run back of a length, steered into the covers with a languid push;
40.2;1;Maxwell to Bairstow, 1 run tucked off the toes, out to square leg;
40.1;?;Maxwell to Bairstow, no run turned square, to no effect;
39.6;?;Cummins to Ali, no run tight line, again Moeen gets across and shows it a straight bat;
39.5;?;Cummins to Ali, no run length ball around off, Moeen defends into the off side;
39.4;W;Cummins to Morgan, OUT pitched up and sliced to backward point WHERE MAXWELL GRABS A SCREAMER! Australia are still in this, Morgan falls short of a hundred thanks to a brilliant one-handed take from Maxwell low to his right, more than making up for his fumble a couple of balls ago. Cummins has his third and England still have a bit of work to do;Eoin Morgan c Maxwell b Cummins 92 (118m 92b 8x4 2x6) SR: 100;
39.3;1;Cummins to Bairstow, 1 run drops back and inside-edges down between his legs, Morgan calls him through for another quick single;
39.2;1;Cummins to Morgan, 1 run back of a length outside off, Morgan guides it towards Maxwell at backward point, he's anticipating a sharp throw but instead fails to pick it up cleanly and they pinch a single anyway - Morgan throwing himself full length as Maxwell hurls it towards the non-striker's end;
39.1;?;Cummins to Morgan, no run pitched up, on the stumps, jabbed back towards the bowler;
38.6;?;Marsh to Bairstow, no run length delivery on off stump, Bairstow taps it back down the track in defence;
38.5;1;Marsh to Morgan, 1 run pitched up and driven off his toes to long-on;
38.4;1;Marsh to Bairstow, 1 run good length outside off, opens the face and runs it to third man;
38.3;4;Marsh to Bairstow, FOUR runs crunched! Another slower ball from Bairstow and he shovels it through the covers, a heavy bottom-handed slippering;
38.2;1;Marsh to Morgan, 1 run slower ball, steps out and strokes one more to long-off;
38.1;2;Marsh to Morgan, 2 runs full outside off, pitching wedge from Morgan, lands in a gap out towards deep extra cover;
38.1;1w;Marsh to Morgan, 1 wide length ball but it drifts behind Morgan down the leg side;
37.6;4;Pattinson to Bairstow, FOUR runs oh, scintillating stuff, overptiched by Pattinson and Bairstow leans into a gorgeous-looking rasp through the covers for another four;
37.5;1;Pattinson to Morgan, 1 run back of a length, tucked off the hips through midwicket;
37.4;?;Pattinson to Morgan, no run full and straight, nicely timed drive back along the ground but Patto stretches out a hand to stop it;
37.3;1;Pattinson to Bairstow, 1 run short outside off, opens the face and runs one to third man;
37.2;3;Pattinson to Morgan, 3 runs too straight, Morgan flicks into a gap on the leg side and they race through for three more;
37.1;4;Pattinson to Morgan, FOUR runs pitched up wide of the stumps and Morgan flays another boundary through the covers. He's looking in tip-top nick;
36.6;?;Hastings to Bairstow, no run back of a length, Bairstow shuffles back on to off stump and blocks it;
36.5;1;Hastings to Morgan, 1 run on the stumps and paddled away through the leg side;
36.4;4;Hastings to Morgan, FOUR runs makes room and slashes at a similar, back-of-a-length ball, a thick edge soars beyond the diving Wade and away for four more;
36.3;?;Hastings to Morgan, no run oof, nearly undoes that with an attempted repeat, beats the outside edge this time and sails through to Wade;
36.2;4;Hastings to Morgan, FOUR runs not a bad ball this but it's deftly played by Morgan, opens the face and late-dabs it fine to third man;
36.1;1;Hastings to Bairstow, 1 run shortish outside off and Bairstow slaps one rustically through backward point;
35.6;?;Marsh to Morgan, no run shuffles across and defends the last ball of the over;
35.5;2;Marsh to Morgan, 2 runs pitched full again, this time a rapier punch flies past the dive of cover for a couple;
35.4;4;Marsh to Morgan, FOUR runs pitched up and clubbed down the ground, a clean swing of his four iron and the ball goes skipping away to long-off;
35.3;1;Marsh to Bairstow, 1 run angling in on the stumps, waits for it and times a flick off his front pad through square leg;
35.2;?;Marsh to Bairstow, no run back of a length and defended into the leg side;
35.1;?;Marsh to Bairstow, no run on the stumps and Bairstow tries to nudge off his pads, his hit on the thigh;
34.6;?;Hastings to Morgan, no run short outside off and slapped to backward point;
34.5;6;Hastings to Morgan, SIX runs hello! Morgan's landed the ball on the roof the football stand! He picked his, ahem, battle and absolutely launched a length ball down the ground, it's ended up in some guttering, I think... The umpires have to send for a replacement;
34.4;1;Hastings to Bairstow, 1 run YJB comes out and pushes another run through the covers;
34.3;1;Hastings to Morgan, 1 run on the pads and flicked through backward square leg;
34.2;1;Hastings to Bairstow, 1 run back of a length outside off and this is steered through the covers for one more;
34.1;2;Hastings to Bairstow, 2 runs short of a length and pulled in business-like fashion out towards deep square leg for a couple;
33.6;4;Marsh to Morgan, FOUR runs sprayed wide and Morgan broomhandles it through backward point, in the air but between two men and the crowd indulges in some raucous cheering as it bounces to the fence;
33.5;1;Marsh to Bairstow, 1 run touch short but not wide enough to cut, Bairstow gets an inside edge on to his pads and it rolls away square for a single;
33.4;?;Marsh to Bairstow, no run over the wicket, slightly back of a length, defended in front of off stump;
33.3;W;Marsh to Stokes, OUT bowled him, slips a yorker under the bat, Stokes is gone! May have taken the pace off a touch and Stokes was beaten aiming a push down the ground, he looks back in disgust... A decent, controlled knock, and a useful stand but that's opened up a chink for Australia to try and exploit;Ben Stokes b Marsh 41 (63m 54b 5x4 0x6) SR: 75.92;
33.2;?;Marsh to Stokes, no run pitched up outside off, makes a bit of room to drive but picks out a fielder;
33.1;?;Marsh to Stokes, no run touch short, over the stumps, worked into the leg side;
32.6;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run tossed up, slightly wide and Morgan thwacks a drive, can't beat the cover fielder, however;
32.5;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run darted in on the stumps, flicked behind square but straight to short fine leg;
32.4;1;Maxwell to Stokes, 1 run steps out of his crease early, Maxwell drops a little short and it comes off bat and pad into a gap at cover, they amble one;
32.3;1;Maxwell to Morgan, 1 run full outside off, driven past the diving Maxwell to long-off;
32.2;1;Maxwell to Stokes, 1 run tossed up, Stokes gets forward and pushes to long-on this time;
32.1;1;Maxwell to Morgan, 1 run angled in with the arm, Morgan happy to play pat-a-cake for another single down the ground;
31.6;4;Marsh to Stokes, FOUR runs strays a little too close to the pads and this is helped firmly on its way through backward square for another useful boundary;
31.5;?;Marsh to Stokes, no run Marsh sends down an offcutter, Stokes tries to work to leg and gets a leading edge;
31.4;?;Marsh to Stokes, no run good length on off stump, Stokes shows it a straight bat again;
31.3;?;Marsh to Stokes, no run round the wicket, Stokes gets across to defend;
31.2;1;Marsh to Morgan, 1 run gets forward and taps a half-volley to long-off;
31.1;2;Marsh to Morgan, 2 runs short outside off and Morgan cuts, a misfield at backward point helps him to a couple and takes him to another half-century - been in rich form for England this summer;
30.6;1;Maxwell to Morgan, 1 run tossed up, comes forward and pushes one more through the covers in controlled fashion;
30.5;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run pushed through outside off, bit of width but Morgan finds backward point;
30.4;1;Maxwell to Stokes, 1 run makes a little room and nudges the ball away through midwicket for one more;
30.3;?;Maxwell to Stokes, no run flighted, on middle and off, Stokes watches it right on to the bat again;
30.2;?;Maxwell to Stokes, no run tossed up, Stokes leans into a forward defensive;
30.1;1;Maxwell to Morgan, 1 run angled in with the arm, Morgan pushes it down to long-on;
29.6;?;Stoinis to Stokes, no run good length around off stump, prodded into the covers;
29.5;4;Stoinis to Stokes, FOUR runs short again and this time it's muscled through midwicket, in the air but it bounces in front of the man on the boundary and skips away;
29.4;?;Stoinis to Stokes, no run bends the back and fires the ball in full at 87mph, Stokes digs it out towards mid-on;
29.3;1;Stoinis to Morgan, 1 run back of a length, stays back this time and swats a single down to fine leg;
29.2;?;Stoinis to Morgan, no run skips forward, shortish ball at the body, can't get it away to leg;
29.1;?;Stoinis to Morgan, no run Stoinis rumbles in, shades of Watto but he hits 87mph, Morgan chops it into the ground;
28.6;1;Maxwell to Morgan, 1 run another push down the ground to long-on, rotating the strike;
28.5;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run flighted a touch, drifting in on the stumps as Morgan presses forward to shake hands;
28.4;1;Maxwell to Stokes, 1 run tossed up on the stumps, Stokes leaves the crease and clips one more to long-on;
28.3;?;Maxwell to Stokes, no run angled in and tapped into the covers;
28.2;1;Maxwell to Morgan, 1 run tossed up, Morgan walks out and pushes along the ground to long-off;
28.1;1;Maxwell to Stokes, 1 run angled in and punched down the ground to long-on;
27.6;?;Stoinis to Morgan, no run back of a length, tailing away outside off stump as Morgan pulls, plays over the top of it;
27.5;1;Stoinis to Stokes, 1 run on the pads and glanced through backward square;
27.4;?;Stoinis to Stokes, no run pitched up, Stokes comes forward to drive and an inside edge pops into the covers;
27.3;1;Stoinis to Morgan, 1 run another bumper, this time flipped down to fine leg;
27.2;4;Stoinis to Morgan, FOUR runs half-tracker from Stoinis, possibly out the back of the hand and Morgan bludgeons it down the ground, through the shot a little early but it span away from mid-on and off to the rope;
27.1;1;Stoinis to Stokes, 1 run short ball, taking the pace off, Stokes pulls through backward sqaure;
26.6;1;Maxwell to Stokes, 1 run tossed up on the stumps, comes forward and clips one down the ground;
26.5;1;Maxwell to Morgan, 1 run drops back and swats a cut through point into the deep for one;
26.4;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run slower, skidding on as Morgan stays back and defends;
26.3;1;Maxwell to Stokes, 1 run gives it some air, Stokes opens up his shoulders and steers a drive through the covers;
26.2;?;Maxwell to Stokes, no run angled in towards the stumps, Stokes bows his head over a forward defensive;
26.1;1;Maxwell to Morgan, 1 run tossed up on off and pushed back down the ground to long-on;
25.6;?;Stoinis to Stokes, no run touch short, pretty good pace, high 80s mph and cut firmly but straight to backward point;
25.5;?;Stoinis to Stokes, no run good length on off, pretty disciplined line bowling from Stoinis, defended;
25.4;1;Stoinis to Morgan, 1 run slower ball, cutter sits up outside off, Morgan flat-bats it through cover-point to the sweeper;
25.3;1;Stoinis to Stokes, 1 run pitched up and Stokes advances with intent to strike a drive through the covers;
25.2;?;Stoinis to Stokes, no run defended coming forward on off stump;
25.1;1;Stoinis to Morgan, 1 run pushed across Morgan, who gets a thick outside edge to third man;
24.6;4;Pattinson to Stokes, FOUR runs lummy, that's a cracking shot, steps out to on drive on the up, clean through the line and it zips between mid-on and mid-off and away to the fence. Sublime;
24.5;?;Pattinson to Stokes, no run comes forward to tap a length ball into the covers;
24.4;4;Pattinson to Stokes, FOUR runs short at the body, maybe rolled his fingers over it... Stokes certainly rolled his wrists and sends the ball fine for a more genuine boundary;
24.4;1w;Pattinson to Stokes, 1 wide slides down the leg side as Stokes tries to glance unsuccessfully;
24.3;?;Pattinson to Stokes, no run good length around off, Stokes steers it square;
24.2;4;Pattinson to Stokes, FOUR runs extra bounce for Patto and Stokes is squared up, thick-edges down to third man... Well wide of slip, had there been one in;
24.1;1;Pattinson to Morgan, 1 run short ball, at the body and Morgan hoicks it in ungainly fashion out towards deep square leg;
23.6;?;Stoinis to Stokes, no run shortish outside off, Stokes flashes at it and misses... or does he? Well, Stoinis thinks he nicked it, Dharmasena seems to be asking his partner whether it carried... Looks like Australia have asked for a review anyway. Well, there's a faint sound as the ball passes the bat, a thin scrape off the toe - but replays suggest it bounced into the gloves. Wade only half-appealed, so perhaps he wasn't sure but Joel Wilson decides there's clear evidence and the review is struck down;
23.5;?;Stoinis to Stokes, no run slightly back of a length, chopped into the ground and Stoinis fields in his follow through;
23.4;?;Stoinis to Stokes, no run pace up towards 87mph, tight wicket-to-wicket stuff, dabbed into the leg side;
23.3;1;Stoinis to Morgan, 1 run pushed across the left-hander from over the wicket, Morgan has to stretch to deflect one to third man;
23.2;1;Stoinis to Stokes, 1 run nice high arm, on the stumps and worked into a gap at midwicket;
23.1;?;Stoinis to Stokes, no run back of a length outside off, tailing away as Stokes swings and misses;
22.6;4;Maxwell to Morgan, FOUR runs lovely stroke, gets the front foot to the pitch and squires a drive through the covers, gives the man in the deep the burn and that's four more;
22.5;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run floated on off stump, pushed into the covers;
22.4;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run tossed up and pushed gently into the covers;
22.4;1w;Maxwell to Morgan, 1 wide angled down the leg side behind Morgan's leg;
22.3;6;Maxwell to Morgan, SIX runs now Morgan goes after him and sends this into orbit...! That will come down with snow on it somewhere deep in the western terrace;
22.2;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run tossed up and tapped back to the bowler;
22.1;2;Maxwell to Morgan, 2 runs Stokes attempts to take the attack to Maxwell and scoops the ball over the leg side, doesn't really get hold of it but lands safely in a gap;
21.6;1;Marsh to Morgan, 1 run back over the wicket to Morgan, pitched up in the slot and steered through the covers to the sweeper;
21.5;1;Marsh to Stokes, 1 run slightly slower delivery, pinged neatly back down the ground but long-on collects to allow just a single;
21.4;?;Marsh to Stokes, no run pitched up, skips forward and mistimes a drive towards extra cover;
21.3;?;Marsh to Stokes, no run goes round the wicket, length delivery outside off that Stokes blocks into the covers;
21.2;1;Marsh to Morgan, 1 run length ball around leg stump, clipped through midwicket for a single;
21.1;?;Marsh to Morgan, no run Marsh fires it towards the tramlines again, Morgan swings and misses;
21.1;1w;Marsh to Morgan, 1 wide pushed across too wide for Morgan to reach at full stretch;
20.6;?;Maxwell to Stokes, no run pushed through on the stumps and tapped into the covers - tight stuff from Maxwell;
20.5;?;Maxwell to Stokes, no run fired in very full and Stokes nearly gets yorked, drops the bat in time and squeezes the ball out past the stumps;
20.4;1;Maxwell to Morgan, 1 run angled in with the arm, tries to push forward and gets an inside edge to leg;
20.3;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run pushed through, Morgan tries to cut and misses;
20.2;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run flatter, Morgan reverses the hands and swats the ball to the same fielder;
20.1;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run round the wicket, tossed up outside off, tapped towards point;
19.6;?;Marsh to Stokes, no run full length, poked out to point.;
19.5;1;Marsh to Morgan, 1 run a firm swish but the field is well set, lots of cover on the off side to limit the impact;
19.4;?;Marsh to Morgan, no run crunched out to mid-off, nearly carried all the way to the fielder, who intercepted with a tumble;
19.3;?;Marsh to Morgan, no run a scything cut, under-edged into the crease;
19.2;1;Marsh to Stokes, 1 run slashed hard, on the up, out to the cover boundary. Intent from Stokes, even though the execution isn't all that just yet;
19.1;?;Marsh to Stokes, no run compact punch into the covers;
18.6;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run forward and defended into the covers again, a tidy exploratory over;
18.5;1;Maxwell to Stokes, 1 run;
18.4;1;Maxwell to Morgan, 1 run pushed out to deep point;
18.3;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run forward and defended again;
18.2;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run better line and length, defended back down the wicket;
18.2;1w;Maxwell to Morgan, 1 wide outside leg stump, Morgan tries to flick it fine but settles for the wide;
18.1;1;Maxwell to Stokes, 1 run time for some spin, as Maxwell twirls one onto a good length from round the wicket;
17.6;?;Marsh to Morgan, no run stands and delivers. But can't time the stroke;
17.5;4;Marsh to Morgan, FOUR runs too much width and Morgan improvises to make the most of it. He ended up deliberately toe-ending it out of the reach of the men lurking in the gully. They all count;
17.4;?;Marsh to Morgan, no run tighter line, tighter shot;
17.3;?;Marsh to Morgan, no run slashed hard outside off stump and so nearly a chop-on. Wade does well to cut off the runs with a swallow dive behind the stumps;
17.2;3;Marsh to Stokes, 3 runs clipped off the toes at a sedate 82mph. Out to deep midwicket;
17.1;?;Marsh to Stokes, no run lovely strike but straight to cover;
16.6;1;Cummins to Stokes, 1 run drilled into the covers, another run to the total as England set about a rebuilding phase;
16.6;1w;Cummins to Stokes, 1 wide bit of a rubbish ball really. Down the leg side and through to the keeper on the third bounce;
16.5;?;Cummins to Stokes, no run banged in short, no stroke offered;
16.4;1;Cummins to Morgan, 1 run short and pulled hard round the corner, not completely timed but definitely middled, as there were two men back for the top edge;
16.3;2;Cummins to Morgan, 2 runs chopped down to third man, a touch of width to work with;
16.2;?;Cummins to Morgan, no run rising on middle stump, met with a resolute straight bat;
16.1;?;Cummins to Morgan, no run outside off, no stroke offered;
15.6;?;Marsh to Stokes, no run end of an eventful over. This match, indeed this series, is still utterly in the balance;
15.5;2;Marsh to Stokes, 2 runs off the mark straight away, with a clip through midwicket;
15.4;W;Marsh to Taylor, OUT wow, what a take! Massive dive to his left, down the leg-side, as Taylor flicked so fine that it was almost the perfect one-day stroke. But Wade was equal to the task, and that is a massive breakthrough;James Taylor c ?Wade b Marsh 41 (60m 42b 8x4 0x6) SR: 97.61;
15.3;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run punched back down the track;
15.2;1;Marsh to Morgan, 1 run a sweetly timed drive, only just intercepted at full stretch by a diving mid-off;
15.1;?;Marsh to Morgan, no run;
14.6;?;Cummins to Taylor, no run hops into line outside off. Another over ticks by;
14.5;?;Cummins to Taylor, no run ambitious flat-footed slash, albeit it with both feet off the ground, half an enquiry for caught behind;
14.4;?;Cummins to Taylor, no run a hint of an appeal but that missed everything as it zipped through to the keeper;
14.3;1;Cummins to Morgan, 1 run too much width, slashed in the air through the vacant cordon down to third man. All very deliberate;
14.2;?;Cummins to Morgan, no run;
14.1;?;Cummins to Morgan, no run pounded in short, one for the over. But again, not called wide;
13.6;2;Marsh to Taylor, 2 runs tucked off the toes, a better end to the over from England and Taylor;
13.5;4;Marsh to Taylor, FOUR runs ... but that's a fine response from Taylor, who latches onto a fractionally overpitched delivery and punches a drive straight past the bowler;
13.4;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run good restrictive areas from Marsh;
13.3;1;Marsh to Morgan, 1 run flashed out to deep cover;
13.2;?;Marsh to Morgan, no run a punched drive to short cover;
13.1;?;Marsh to Morgan, no run tidy line and length;
12.6;?;Cummins to Taylor, no run outside off, poked out to point. Australia tighten the screw after a woolly few overs;
12.5;1;Cummins to Morgan, 1 run banged in short, whisked out to midwicket where it is tidied up on the rope;
12.4;?;Cummins to Morgan, no run outside off, no stroke offered;
12.3;?;Cummins to Morgan, no run on the pads, flicks the flap and tidied up at point;
12.2;?;Cummins to Morgan, no run cautiously watching ball onto bat;
12.1;?;Cummins to Morgan, no run short of a length, Morgan hops into line;
11.6;?;Hastings to Taylor, no run outside off, Taylors angles for the call of wide, but he is denied;
11.5;1;Hastings to Morgan, 1 run chopped through backward point, Australia's line and length hasn't been all that. Except when it has, obviously, as Hales can attest;
11.4;?;Hastings to Morgan, no run full and straight, compact defence;
11.3;2;Hastings to Morgan, 2 runs sweetly timed, 87mph delivery, and escorted out towards the rope by a convoy of Australian fielders. A presidential stroke.;
11.2;1;Hastings to Taylor, 1 run slapped hard into the covers, and a fumble gifts England another single;
11.1;?;Hastings to Taylor, no run;
10.6;1;Cummins to Taylor, 1 run tucked off the toes, and another one to the total;
10.5;?;Cummins to Taylor, no run fully into line and defended back down the track;
10.4;?;Cummins to Taylor, no run outside off and fenced out to point;
10.3;1;Cummins to Morgan, 1 run on the hip, fenced past short leg, Morgan is off the mark;
10.2;?;Cummins to Morgan, no run banged in short, and called as one for the over, but not an outright wide;
10.1;W;Cummins to Roy, OUT a change of ends, a change of luck! Cummins lures Roy into a loose poke into the covers. A tame end to a cracking innings. Scrambled seam and Roy was through the stroke too soon.;Jason Roy c Finch b Cummins 36 (45m 33b 7x4 0x6) SR: 109.09;
9.6;4;Hastings to Taylor, FOUR runs like Asterix on his magic potion, the little man packs a punch! This one nearly chins Hastings in his followthrough like an uppercut, not dissimilar to the one administered to Gluteus Maximus in Olympic Games;
9.5;?;Hastings to Taylor, no run a massive appeal for caught behind but the umpire is unmoved. And so too, after a long consultation, are the Aussies. Might have been thigh pad. Indeed it was;
9.4;?;Hastings to Taylor, no run fuller and straighter. Defended;
9.3;1;Hastings to Roy, 1 run slower and wider, swished down to third man like a fly-fisherman on the Trent;
9.2;?;Hastings to Roy, no run wider on the crease, attacking the stumps, defended. Respect;
9.1;4;Hastings to Roy, FOUR runs up and over! Roy meets a full length with a full face, straight back over the bowler's head. Top tonking;
8.6;1;Pattinson to Roy, 1 run one more to the total as England continue to bite chunks out of their requirement. It's an easy game when you're on top;
8.5;4;Pattinson to Roy, FOUR runs smashing strokeplay! A big stride, a powerful drive, an unstoppable four through the covers. He is seeing it like ... the proverbial a planet;
8.4;1;Pattinson to Taylor, 1 run flicked through the gap at midwicket;
8.3;1;Pattinson to Roy, 1 run steered down to third man;
8.2;4;Pattinson to Roy, FOUR runs get some of that! The latter-day flamingo shot from one of KP's Surrey acolytes. And it's a one-bounce four over long-on. Bosh;
8.1;?;Pattinson to Roy, no run outside off and nearly a chop-on as Roy fences with feet stuck in concrete. But he survives;
7.6;?;Hastings to Taylor, no run driven to mid-off with one hand leaving the bat for good effect;
7.5;?;Hastings to Taylor, no run an ambitious slash but can't beat point;
7.4;1;Hastings to Roy, 1 run another single to the total;
7.3;?;Hastings to Roy, no run outside off, driven into the covers but can't pierce the field this time;
7.2;?;Hastings to Roy, no run squared up by a fuller length, but no great alarm;
7.1;4;Hastings to Roy, FOUR runs sumptuous straight drive as Hastings over-pitches. The fifty is up and England are motoring;
6.6;?;Pattinson to Taylor, no run outside off, and pushed out to point.;
6.5;1;Pattinson to Roy, 1 run outside off, a drop of the wrists and a steer down to third man for the single;
6.4;?;Pattinson to Roy, no run driven on the up;
6.3;1;Pattinson to Taylor, 1 run flicked down to fine leg;
6.2;1;Pattinson to Roy, 1 run width, and fenced down to third man;
6.1;1;Pattinson to Taylor, 1 run slightly early on the drive as this one bobbles off the splice into the leg side, but there's no-one on hand to catch it. Taylor's eagerness to attack nearly his undoing;
5.6;4;Hastings to Roy, FOUR runs spawny, but effective! Full again, a loose drive, a thick inside-edge, and leg stump is jolly lucky to still be standing ...;
5.5;4;Hastings to Roy, FOUR runs utterly belted through the covers - full length but too much width and Roy was all over that like the proverbial;
5.4;?;Hastings to Roy, no run tighter line and length;
5.3;1;Hastings to Taylor, 1 run fuller and straighter;
5.2;1;Hastings to Roy, 1 run slashed down to third man as Roy climbs into the width on offer;
5.1;?;Hastings to Roy, no run down to 81mph, a veritable sighter;
4.6;4;Pattinson to Taylor, FOUR runs same ball, same shot, same result, with the added crowd bonus of a misfield at point. A pretty grim over, but England capitalised well on the offerings;
4.5;4;Pattinson to Taylor, FOUR runs crunched! Short and wide, a rank delivery at any pace, and Taylor uses every inch of his height to climb into the shot and punch a hole in the covers;
4.4;?;Pattinson to Taylor, no run outside off, at 89mph, through to the keeper;
4.3;?;Pattinson to Taylor, no run Alan, whose telly has better settings, says that was 88mph;
4.2;?;Pattinson to Taylor, no run good riposte, right in the blockhole. Toe-ended down the track. Well bowled in the circumstances;
4.2;1nb;Pattinson to Taylor, (no ball) oversteps now. Free hit coming up;
4.1;4;Pattinson to Taylor, FOUR runs a leg-stump half-volley and Taylor isn't going to squander those. For all the speed (and no, afraid I can't see the speedgun on this telly, sorry) there have been some loose deliveries at both ends;
3.6;?;Cummins to Roy, no run full and hinting to swing back in. Driven calmly to mid-off. An eventful over;
3.5;?;Cummins to Roy, no run times the pants off a flick through midwicket, but unluckily picks out the man at short midwicket. Never mind, next time ...;
3.4;4;Cummins to Roy, FOUR runs fantastic strike as Roy joins the counterattack. A hint of width and walloped through the covers;
3.3;1;Cummins to Taylor, 1 run full length, driven on the up to midwicket. Taylor keen to put bat on ball and doing it effectively so far;
3.3;1w;Cummins to Taylor, 1 wide over-compensation as Cummins spears this down the leg side;
3.2;4;Cummins to Taylor, FOUR runs width, and Taylor chases it hard, a flash outside off but his timing is impeccable as he meets it on the top of the bounce and crunches it past point;
3.1;4;Cummins to Taylor, FOUR runs compact and superb. Taylor's second four and both have been immaculate. Driven hard and flat through the gap in the covers;
2.6;?;Pattinson to Roy, no run a swish outside off, the ball dies a touch through to the keeper. Slim pickings for England so far;
2.5;?;Pattinson to Roy, no run tighter line, no way through as Roy beds in;
2.4;1lb;Pattinson to Taylor, 1 leg bye on the pads, very full, and England accept the extra as square leg tidies up;
2.3;?;Pattinson to Taylor, no run whistles past the edge into the keeper's gloves. Sharp;
2.2;?;Pattinson to Taylor, no run swift from both ends as Taylor defends;
2.1;1;Pattinson to Roy, 1 run flicked away fine, slight misdirection from Pattinson;
1.6;4;Cummins to Taylor, FOUR runs now that's an answer! On the pads and sweetly timed, a clipped drive from Taylor whistles to the rope. Shot;
1.5;?;Cummins to Taylor, no run another massive appeal! Dharmasena says this one is sliding down, and Australia reluctantly agree. Sheer pace from Cummins and England at the moment have no answers;
1.4;?;Cummins to Taylor, no run slightly shorter and spliced into the covers;
1.3;?;Cummins to Taylor, no run full and straight again. Cummins is majoring on speed x accuracy;
1.2;W;Cummins to Hales, OUT full, fast, and that is out! Hales was done for pace, and despite a brief consultation he opts not to review. Stunning start from the lightning-quick Cummins. Hales hasn't had a lot of joy in this series so far;Alex Hales lbw b Cummins 0 (6m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
1.1;?;Cummins to Hales, no run full length, gently dug out of the blockhole;
0.6;?;Pattinson to Roy, no run a tidy finish to a tidy over. A punch of the gloves as Hales prepares to take strike at the other end;
0.5;?;Pattinson to Roy, no run shorter, and Roy is cut in half as one nips back off the seam;
0.4;?;Pattinson to Roy, no run down the track and driven back to the bowler;
0.4;1w;Pattinson to Roy, 1 wide down the leg side, that one is called;
0.3;?;Pattinson to Roy, no run on the pads, flicked fine but can't beat the field;
0.2;?;Pattinson to Roy, no run driven compactly into the covers. Fielded with a similar degree of focus;
0.1;?;Pattinson to Roy, no run outside off stump, left well alone;

Welcome back, Pattinson has the ball. The game is afoot
 Innings Start
Australia
England
4th ODI, Leeds, Sep 11 2015, Australia tour of England and Ireland
299/7
304/7
Player of the match is Eoin Morgan, ENG
England won by 3 wickets (with 10 balls remaining)
