Data
Cricinfo homepage is screaming 'Australia restrict India to 249'. And that's the story of the day. India looked to be heading towards a huge total but slowed in the middle overs and couldn't break away in the end-overs. Nevertheless, it's a defendable total and the game is very interestingly poised. An exciting run-chase is in the offing, please do join us in a few minutes. Jamie will take you through the first half of the chase.
49.6;W;Bracken to Dhoni, OUT Bowden has given him out! There was an huge inside-edge. Attempted yorker turns into a low full-toss and Dhoni tries to send it over midwicket, gets an edge onto his pads.;MS Dhoni lbw b Bracken 28 (44m 23b 2x4 0x6) SR: 121.73;
49.5;4;Bracken to Dhoni, FOUR runs Wah! what a cheeky shot. An reverse sweep! Taps a low full-toss on the off and middle to the thirdman region!;
49.4;1;Bracken to Harbhajan, 1 run overpitched outside the offstump, drilled powerfully but straight to Ponting at cover;
49.3;2;Bracken to Harbhajan, 2 runs reaches out to a full-length delivery outside off, slices it to Ponting at cover, who has a shy at non-striker's end and gives away an overthrow;
49.2;2;Bracken to Harbhajan, 2 runs full and on the middle and leg, whipped across fine. Bottom-hand powered shot.;
49.1;1;Bracken to Dhoni, 1 run Yorker on the base of middle stump, bottom-handed twirl comes into play again and sends the ball to long-on. Dhoni wants a second, Harbhajan sends him back. Wise decision.;
48.6;W;McGrath to Pathan, OUT Banged in short again, it's not going to a yorker every ball from McGrath, Pathan pulls but straight to Martyn at deep midwicket. Martyn almost fumbles it but holds it in the end.;Irfan Pathan c Martyn b McGrath 10 (5m 7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 142.85;
48.5;1;McGrath to Dhoni, 1 run banged in short, pulled past square-leg. Just a single though.;
48.4;2;McGrath to Dhoni, 2 runs that bottom-hand twirl of the bat from Dhoni sends a yorker out to long-off.;
48.3;1;McGrath to Pathan, 1 run Pathan backs away, McGrath goes in for the base of the middle stump, down comes the bat in a hurry, ball rolls over to long-off;
48.2;?;McGrath to Pathan, no run swing and a miss. Pathan goes for a cut but misses. Dot ball.;
48.1;1;McGrath to Dhoni, 1 run again pings the boot, punched down the ground to long-on.;
47.6;4;Bracken to Pathan, FOUR runs Another full-toss, low and flat, creamed past extra cover. Andrew Symonds slides to make a stop at wide long-off but slides too much. His feet touch the rope and gives away a boundary.;
47.5;2;Bracken to Pathan, 2 runs Pathan walks down the wicket, shovels a fullish delivery past midwicket. Will get two runs.;
47.4;2;Bracken to Pathan, 2 runs low full-toss on the off, Pathan leans forward, whips it behind square-leg.;
47.3;1;Bracken to Dhoni, 1 run Another one crashes into the bottom of the bat as Dhoni whips a yorker to cover;
47.2;1;Bracken to Pathan, 1 run Greets Pathan with a yorker, dug out for a single on the off side. Dhoni on strike;
47.1;W;Bracken to Raina, OUT Gone! Caught at long-on. Raina swings a low full-toss at the throat of Watson.;Suresh Raina c Watson b Bracken 13 (23m 19b 2x4 0x6) SR: 68.42;
46.6;2;McGrath to Dhoni, 2 runs Outside offstump, full in length, Dhoni frees his arms, slices it over point. Will get two.;
46.5;1;McGrath to Raina, 1 run full, on the stumps, driven down the ground. Just a single.;
46.4;1;McGrath to Dhoni, 1 run bit of room outside offstump, rarity from McGrath, Dhoni goes for one almighty swing, outer edge takes it down to thirdman;
46.3;1;McGrath to Raina, 1 run Raina gets Dhoni back on strike with a heave across the line to deep midwicket;
46.2;1;McGrath to Dhoni, 1 run McGrath corrects the length. In the blockhole, dug out towards mid--off. Single is taken.;
46.1;2;McGrath to Dhoni, 2 runs Dhoni biffs a length-delivery in the air and straight down the ground. Will get two.;
45.6;1;Bracken to Dhoni, 1 run from round the stumps, attempted yorker turns into low full-toss, Dhoni leans forward to push it down to Andrew Symonds at long-on. He wants a second but symonds fires in flat and accurate throw in.;
45.5;1;Bracken to Raina, 1 run yorker on the middle and off, dug out to long-off. Good bowling Sir!;
45.4;1;Bracken to Dhoni, 1 run Dhoni again goes down the ground, to long-off this time. Just a single.;
45.3;1;Bracken to Raina, 1 run Low full-toss, Raina throws his bat at it, where does it go? deflects off the bowler's hand and goes towards midwicket. Not timed well but he rushes across to complete a quick single;
45.2;4;Bracken to Raina, FOUR runs Yep. He goes for the slog. Takes his front foot out of the line of a back-of-length delivery and slaps it over midwicket. Watson makes a valiant effort to stop it near the ropes but ...;
45.1;1;Bracken to Dhoni, 1 run Dhoni drills a fullish delivery down to long-on;
44.6;?;Lee to Raina, no run Yes sir another dot-ball. Lee has given away just a solitary single in his last 2 overs. Another length-delivery on the middle and leg cramps up Raina who stabs at it. Ball drops down close to his feet. Lee rushes forward to pick it up.;
44.5;?;Lee to Raina, no run And again. Crowd is getting pretty vocal here. length-delivery on the middle and leg cramps up Raina.;
44.4;?;Lee to Raina, no run Crowd boo as Raina pushes out another dot-ball. straight to mid-on.;
44.3;?;Lee to Raina, no run full, around the off stump line, pushed to cover, Clarke swoops in to prevent any run. They want Raina on strike.;
44.2;1;Lee to Dhoni, 1 run And again. Lee pings Dhoni who hops to steer it to Ponting at backward point and completes a quick single;
44.1;?;Lee to Dhoni, no run delivered from wide of the crease, into the body of Dhoni who hops back to push it down towards point;
43.6;?;Watson to Raina, no run pushes a short-of-length delivery behind point;
43.5;4;Watson to Raina, FOUR runs Raina breaks free with a lovely dab through the vacant slip region. He opened the bat-face to run an length-delivery down to thirdman. That will allow him to breathe.;
43.4;?;Watson to Raina, no run on the leg and middle, Raina could only push it to midwicket.;
43.4;1w;Watson to Raina, 1 wide Watson is helping Raina's cause here. Another free run and an extra delivery. Slipped down the leg side.;
43.4;1w;Watson to Raina, 1 wide Watson goes for yet another bouncer. And again it sails well over the batsman's head.;
43.3;1;Watson to Dhoni, 1 run Fullish, outside off, driven to deep cover;
43.2;1;Watson to Raina, 1 run Gets off the strike with a tentative poke across the line. Gets an leading edge which takes the ball straight down the ground, past the bowler, to the mid-off fielder;
43.1;1;Watson to Dhoni, 1 run slightly overpitched, outside off, driven to cover. Raina on strike.&;
42.6;?;Lee to Raina, no run Would you believe it? An maiden over and this is the 43rd over of the innings. Length-delivery around the offstump line, pushed to cover.;
42.5;?;Lee to Raina, no run Raina pokes at a angled delivery and is beaten neck and crop. Another dot ball. Here we go.;
42.4;?;Lee to Raina, no run And again. Yorker, angling outside off, dug out by Raina. Inside-edge takes it to short midwicket;
42.3;?;Lee to Raina, no run fuller and pushed across, Raina leans forward to push it towards cover. Another dot ball. Pressure will build on the youngster.;
42.2;?;Lee to Raina, no run defends a short-of-length delivery.;
42.1;W;Lee to Kaif, OUT And the stumps fly everywhere! Inside-edge on to the stumps. Kaif falls. Lee jumps up in glee. It landed on a length, outside the off stump and came back in. Kaif had gone for a huge drive but was beaten by the nip-backer;Mohammad Kaif b Lee 30 (57m 43b 2x4 0x6) SR: 69.76;
41.6;4;Watson to Dhoni, FOUR runs Watson gift-wraps a boundary to India. Banged in short but slipping down the leg side and Dhoni helped it to the fine-leg boundary;
41.5;1;Watson to Kaif, 1 run attempted yorker, on the off and middle, pushed down to long-on;
41.4;2;Watson to Kaif, 2 runs Kaif picks up the slower ball early and slapped it over mid-off.;
41.3;?;Watson to Kaif, no run just short of driveable length, outside off, swatted away to cover. Too much bottom-hand on that.;
41.2;1;Watson to Dhoni, 1 run upper-cut over backward point. Down to thirdman. Banged in short and outside off and Dhoni hopped up to carve it over the fielder;
41.1;1;Watson to Kaif, 1 run overpitched outside off, drilled past cover.;
40.6;1;Lee to Kaif, 1 run Almost a repeat of Dravid dismissal. Think the ball is holding up a bit here. Another full-length delivery on the middle and leg, Kaif pushes at it, ball stopped on him a bit, and he scooped it in the air but it goes through vacant mid-on region. Dravid had turned his wrists at the last minute and found midwicket.;
40.5;1;Lee to Dhoni, 1 run hit the deck around back-of-length, around off stump, came in a touch, pushed close to the off side and they rush across for a single;
40.4;?;Lee to Dhoni, no run fuller this time, driven square to Ponting at point;
40.3;?;Lee to Dhoni, no run pings in a bumper, ducked under. Welcome to the crease sir!;
40.2;W;Lee to Dravid, OUT Lee gets his revenge. Although quite a tame dismissal. Full-length delivery on the middle and leg and Dravid ended up playing a nothing shot. Just shovelled it straight to Clarke at short midwicket. Big wicket for Australia.;Rahul Dravid c Clarke b Lee 52 (91m 63b 6x4 0x6) SR: 82.53;
40.1;4;Lee to Dravid, FOUR runs Wah! Dravid spanks Lee over midwicket to bring up his 72nd ODI fifty. A predetermined assault. Backed away a touch to pull a short-of-length delivery over midwicket.;
39.6;1;McGrath to Dravid, 1 run fullish delivery, outside off, driven to deep cover. He didn't quite come forward, drove away from the body.;
39.5;1;McGrath to Kaif, 1 run full and driven to long-on;
39.4;1;McGrath to Dravid, 1 run;
39.3;1;McGrath to Kaif, 1 run Kaif goes for a pull - he is not flash at it, gets into a terrible position - and sends it high in the air but drops down behind square-leg. Lee, from long-leg, tries to come under it but can't reach it;
39.2;1;McGrath to Dravid, 1 run length delivery outside the offstump, cut down to wide thirdman;
39.1;?;McGrath to Dravid, no run length-delivery on the off and middle, Dravid hops back to whip it across the line but can't beat Ponting at midwicket.;
38.6;?;Lee to Kaif, no run dot ball as Kaif pushes a fullish delivery to midwicket;
38.5;1;Lee to Dravid, 1 run short and outside off, cut past point;
38.4;1;Lee to Kaif, 1 run Kaif brings up the fifty of the partnership with a drive down the ground;
38.3;1;Lee to Dravid, 1 run This time Dravid pings the thirdman region;
38.2;1;Lee to Kaif, 1 run just outside the off stump, dabbed away to thirdman. Brings Dravid on strike;
38.1;?;Lee to Kaif, no run on a length, pushed back down the track.;
37.6;1;McGrath to Kaif, 1 run overpitched on the middle, driven to long-on;
37.5;1;McGrath to Dravid, 1 run Full and on the off stump line, Dravid pushes at it a bit too early and scoops the ball in the air towards mid-off. But the man is back at long-off;
37.4;1;McGrath to Kaif, 1 run fuller and on the middle and off, pushed down the ground.;
37.3;?;McGrath to Kaif, no run on the stumps, tucked to midwicket;
37.2;?;McGrath to Kaif, no run McGrath announces himself in the second spell. A full-length delivery, just outside offstump, had Kaif pushing at it tentatively and it just goes past a kissing distance from the outer edge;
37.1;1;McGrath to Dravid, 1 run tip and run. soft hands and the ball drops close on the off side and off they go;
36.6;1;Johnson to Dravid, 1 run spanking pull but just a single as it finds man at the deep square-leg. Banged in short, on the middle stump line, slapped down.;
36.5;1;Johnson to Kaif, 1 run on the hips, tucked behind square-leg;
36.4;4;Johnson to Kaif, FOUR runs Wow! what a shot! creamed through the line and hit on the up. Slanted delivery outside off, Kaif thrust his left leg forward and knifed through the line;
36.3;?;Johnson to Kaif, no run fuller and outside off and Kaif tries to drill it through the offside, too much bottom-hand comes into play and the ball rolls to mid-on;
36.2;?;Johnson to Kaif, no run beaten outside the offstump as he went fishing.;
36.1;?;Johnson to Kaif, no run angled across, chopped straight to point.;
35.6;1;Symonds to Kaif, 1 run much slower through the air, Kaif waits for the spin to play out, tickles it behind square;
35.5;?;Symonds to Kaif, no run on the off stump line, driven to cover;
35.4;1;Symonds to Dravid, 1 run Now the Azharuddin-like whip shot from the stumps. Goes back to a ball that turns in and whips it from the middle stump line.;
35.3;4;Symonds to Dravid, FOUR runs Dravid backs away to cut behind square. Lovely shot. Not all that short but he used the width of the crease well to rock back and cut against the spin;
35.2;2;Symonds to Dravid, 2 runs Good cricket allround. Tossed up outside off, Dravid drives it through extra cover and Michael Clarke makes a good diving stop at deep cover;
35.1;?;Symonds to Dravid, no run on the off and middle, turns in, worked to midwicket;
34.6;?;Johnson to Kaif, no run just outside off, pushed to Ponting at point.;
34.5;1;Johnson to Dravid, 1 run Nice tuck shot. On the middle and leg, full in length and Dravid lets it come on to him before rolling his wrists to push it past square-leg;
34.4;1;Johnson to Kaif, 1 run outside-edge to thirdman. Kaif drives at a slanted-delivery without fully leaning forward.;
34.3;1;Johnson to Dravid, 1 run slightly short in length, on the middle and leg, pulled past square-leg. All along the ground.;
34.2;?;Johnson to Dravid, no run length delivery , just outside off, Dravid presses back, drops down his wrists, taps it close on the off side. They think about a single but kill the thought when they see Ponting swooping in on it;
34.1;?;Johnson to Dravid, no run punished for driving straight. Too straight and it crashes into the stumps at the other end and deflects to mid-off. Would have been a boundary.;
33.6;1;Symonds to Dravid, 1 run full and driven to long-on. There is turn from this pavillion end as more dry spots on offer.;
33.5;?;Symonds to Dravid, no run And again but Martyn, behind square-leg, comes in the way.;
33.4;2;Symonds to Dravid, 2 runs floated outside off, full in length, swept behind square. 150 is up;
33.3;?;Symonds to Dravid, no run;
33.2;4;Symonds to Dravid, FOUR runs biffed over wide midwicket. Again well-flighted delivery and Dravid went with the spin;
33.1;?;Symonds to Dravid, no run tossed up, full in length, driven back down the track;
32.6;1;Johnson to Dravid, 1 run outside off, slanting away, hit uppishly through the vacant gully region, down to thirdman;
32.5;1;Johnson to Kaif, 1 run Another full and angling-away delivery, Kaif wants to drive it through offside, gets an inside edge which takes the ball to wide mid-on;
32.5;1nb;Johnson to Kaif, (no ball) Kaif is rapped on the pads as he pressed forward in defense. It landed just short of driveable length on the off and slanted away.;
32.4;?;Johnson to Kaif, no run yorker on the off and middle, dug out to cover;
32.3;1;Johnson to Dravid, 1 run slanted delivery on the middle, Dravid whips it across the line, past square-leg;
32.2;?;Johnson to Dravid, no run beaten. Slanted across, Dravid tries to run it down to thirdman but doesn't connect;
32.1;?;Johnson to Dravid, no run;
31.6;?;Symonds to Kaif, no run beaten as this one didn't turn. Arm-ball outside the off and Kaif wanted to run it down through the slip region but it didn't come in.;
31.5;1;Symonds to Dravid, 1 run floated up on the middle, driven down the ground;
31.4;1;Symonds to Kaif, 1 run fuller, driven to long-on;
31.3;?;Symonds to Kaif, no run;
31.2;?;Symonds to Kaif, no run Oh ho! big turn there! spun from outside the off and speared in on the pads. Kaif was cramped there, shaping for a cut and surprised by the spin;
31.1;2;Symonds to Kaif, 2 runs tossed up outside off, driven through extra cover;
30.6;?;Johnson to Dravid, no run leans forward to push a angled-delivery to ponting at point.;
30.5;1;Johnson to Kaif, 1 run Kaif pings the thirdman. Slanted delivery outside off and dabbed away;
30.4;?;Johnson to Kaif, no run swing and a miss. Remember there is a wide slip and Johnson angles one well outside the off stump and Kaif goes after it.;
30.3;4;Johnson to Kaif, FOUR runs overpitched outside the off stump, square-driven past point. Easy pickings.;
30.2;?;Johnson to Kaif, no run landed on a length around the middle and off, slanted away, steered to point;
30.1;?;Johnson to Kaif, no run pushed across Kaif, bit of room outside off but he lets it go through to Gilchrist;
29.6;?;Watson to Dravid, no run almost dragged back on to the stumps. It landed on a length, and held its line outside the offstump, Dravid poked at it, in an effort to run it down to thirdman, and got an inside edge.;
29.5;1;Watson to Kaif, 1 run length-delivery on the middle, Kaif goes back, nudges it behind square-leg;
29.5;1w;Watson to Kaif, 1 wide Watson slips down the leg side again. Another bouncer that went awry.;
29.4;1;Watson to Dravid, 1 run hit the deck around short of length, kicked up and jagged in as well, Dravid hops back, pushes it close on the leg side and they rush across for a single;
29.3;?;Watson to Dravid, no run back of length, just outside the offstump, Dravid presses back, taps it to backward point;
29.3;1w;Watson to Dravid, 1 wide wide called as the bouncer slipped down the legside. Dravid goes for the hook., doesn't connect;
29.2;1;Watson to Kaif, 1 run on a length again but outside the off stump, dabbed past the wide slip, down to thirdman;
29.1;?;Watson to Kaif, no run length-delivery on the off and middle, Kaif goes back and across, presents the full face of the bat in defense;
28.6;?;Johnson to Dravid, no run fullish, just outside the off, driven to mid-off;
28.5;?;Johnson to Dravid, no run just short of driveable length, on the off and middle, Dravid leans forward to dead-bat it away;
28.4;1;Johnson to Kaif, 1 run wanted to bring it back in but slips it down the leg side, tickled around the corner. Kaif is off and running.;
28.3;?;Johnson to Kaif, no run slanted across, left alone. Will bring one back in soon;
28.2;W;Johnson to Sehwag, OUT Johnson strikes for Australia! Huge wicket. Follows the bumper with a lovely indipper. Landed on a length, on the middle and it bent in a bit, Sehwag ended up driving at it outside the line and was trapped plumb in front. A very good innings comes to an end.;Virender Sehwag lbw b Johnson 65 (136m 90b 9x4 0x6) SR: 72.22;
28.1;?;Johnson to Sehwag, no run bouncer. Sehwag ducks. dot ball. one for the over.;
27.6;1;Watson to Sehwag, 1 run Just one run but a lovely shot. Sehwag moved back and across to a fullish delivery on the middle and off and whipped it to right of mid-off where McGrath makes a good tumbling stop;
27.5;?;Watson to Sehwag, no run Aha! Sehwag couldn't resist the temptation to have a go at Watson. He backs away and throws his bat a length delivery outside off, misses.;
27.4;?;Watson to Sehwag, no run banged in short and over the middle and leg, ducked under;
27.3;?;Watson to Sehwag, no run fuller and just outside the offstump, Sehwag taps it to Ponting at point;
27.2;1;Watson to Dravid, 1 run short of length, on the leg and middle, Dravid pulls, keeps it down the ground but straight to Johnson at long-leg;
27.1;1;Watson to Sehwag, 1 run back of length, around middle and leg, whipped to deep midwicket;
26.6;?;Johnson to Dravid, no run on the middle, on a length, pushed back down the track;
26.5;?;Johnson to Dravid, no run Johnson goes up in appeal for lbw. Landed on a length, came back in a touch and Dravid ended up pushing outside the line, and the ball brushed the back pad enroute to Gilchrist who made a diving stop to his right. Ball was going outside the off and too high as well.;
26.4;1;Johnson to Sehwag, 1 run Length-delivery on the middle and it holds the line after landing, Sehwag is bit cramped but pushes it past square-leg.;
26.3;1;Johnson to Dravid, 1 run this time he uses his wrists more and dabs it to left of Ponting, down to thirdman.;
26.2;?;Johnson to Dravid, no run angled delivery, steered to Ponting at point;
26.1;?;Johnson to Dravid, no run full and on the middle and leg, Dravid leans forward, his head falls over a bit in the process, tucks it to midwicket.;
25.6;4;Watson to Sehwag, FOUR runs Wah! skillful dab through the vacant slip region. Short-of-length delivery, just outside off, Sehwag let it come to him, opened the face of the bat, ran it down fine. Ala Arjuna Ranatunga.;
25.5;1;Watson to Dravid, 1 run on the hips again, Dravid whips it fine.;
25.4;1;Watson to Sehwag, 1 run spearing in on the hips, whipped past square-leg;
25.4;1w;Watson to Sehwag, 1 wide And again. But this time it goes awry. Slips down the leg side.;
25.3;?;Watson to Sehwag, no run Watson goes for his favourite weapon - bouncer. Whizzes just outside off as Sehwag ducks under;
25.2;?;Watson to Sehwag, no run fuller, on the off again, Sehwag goes hard at it, the bottom-hand comes into play a bit too much, ball rolls over to midwicket;
25.1;?;Watson to Sehwag, no run back of length, on the off, Sehwag lets it come to him, drops his wrists, taps it close on the off side;
24.6;?;Lee to Dravid, no run good lifting ball outside off stump, left alone;
24.5;4;Lee to Dravid, FOUR runs strives for the yorker, but this man's too good, gets on top of that, drives the halfvolley beautifully past mid-wicket for four;
24.4;4;Lee to Dravid, FOUR runs short and wide, Dravid finally wakes up and square cuts that in the gap at point-gully, ball scorches the turf;
24.3;?;Lee to Dravid, no run good length ball on the stumps, Dravid defends awkwardly;
24.2;1;Lee to Sehwag, 1 run short and angling into him, Sehwag hops and works that in the air in front of square leg;
24.1;?;Lee to Sehwag, no run short and moving into him, he stands and defends back to Lee, 144.4kmph on that ball;
23.6;?;Watson to Dravid, no run full again, Dravid gets on top and defends towards point;
23.5;?;Watson to Dravid, no run full and its driven to cover;
23.4;1;Watson to Sehwag, 1 run short and moving down leg, Sehwag stands and works that off the hips to square leg for one;
23.3;?;Watson to Sehwag, no run full and wide, Sehwag stands there and drives, gets beaten;
23.2;1;Watson to Dravid, 1 run full on the stumps, worked to midwicket;
23.2;1w;Watson to Dravid, 1 wide a bouncer sails over him and Bowden calls it wide;
23.1;1;Watson to Sehwag, 1 run a good length on the stumps, worked to mid-on for one;
22.6;?;Lee to Dravid, no run shortish outside off stump, Dravid drops the hands and keeps it down;
22.5;?;Lee to Dravid, no run full again, Dravid drives down the ground and gets it into the nonstrikers stumps, a mere push but too straight;
22.4;?;Lee to Dravid, no run a good yorker, but well dug out;
22.3;?;Lee to Dravid, no run good, fullish ball on the stumps, Dravid defends back to the bowler;
22.2;1;Lee to Sehwag, 1 run good length ball comes in, Sehwag plays with soft hands in front of point for one;
22.1;?;Lee to Sehwag, no run lands on a good length and moves in, Sehwag hops and defends;
21.6;?;Watson to Dravid, no run full outside off stump, Dravid walks into his shot and drives to Johnson at mid-off;
21.5;1;Watson to Sehwag, 1 run short on middle and leg, easily tucked to square leg for one;
21.4;?;Watson to Sehwag, no run a bouncer, and he's down on his haunches;
21.3;1;Watson to Dravid, 1 run moves in from outside off stump, Dravid drops the hands and picks up one down to Lee at third man;
21.3;1w;Watson to Dravid, 1 wide wide outside off stump, and its called wide duly;
21.2;?;Watson to Dravid, no run fuller and a tad wide, Dravid tries some sort of late cut and gets beaten;
21.1;2;Watson to Dravid, 2 runs full on off stump, driven to McGrath at mid-on who fumbles and allows the second run;
20.6;?;Lee to Sehwag, no run fuller outside off, square driven to Ponting at point;
20.5;?;Lee to Sehwag, no run hits the seam on a good length outside off stump and kicks up - a puff of dust too - and beats Sehwag;
20.4;1;Lee to Dravid, 1 run a straighter ball and he tucks that to the onside for one;
20.3;4;Lee to Dravid, FOUR runs lands outside off stump, Dravid pokes at that and gets an edge that shoots away for four;
20.2;?;Lee to Dravid, no run good length outside off stump, defended down into the ground with soft hands;
20.1;1;Lee to Sehwag, 1 run good length ball, Sehwag slices that to a diving Ponting at backward point;
19.6;?;Watson to Dravid, no run fuller this time but Dravid again gets onto it and defends to cover;
19.5;?;Watson to Dravid, no run good length ball moving in from off stump, Dravid's on top of it defending to point with soft hands;
19.4;W;Watson to Mongia, OUT gone! Lands on a good length and moves away outside off stump, Mongia tries to run that fine, opens the face of the bat and plays away from his body, and all he can do is edge one into Hussey's lap at slip, Australia get another;Dinesh Mongia c Hussey b Watson 18 (45m 30b 3x4 0x6) SR: 60;
19.3;4;Watson to Mongia, FOUR runs into the pads, he flicks that in front of square leg, ball races away on the quick outfield, his placement is good and he gets four;
19.2;1;Watson to Sehwag, 1 run short of a length and he opens the face and runs that down to third man;
19.1;?;Watson to Sehwag, no run full and its driven to mid-off;
18.6;1;Bracken to Sehwag, 1 run good length outside off stump, easily run down in the gap at gully for one, thats his 50, good for a batsman who had only 54 runs in his last six innings, FYI...;
18.5;2;Bracken to Sehwag, 2 runs short on middle and off, he turns that well past square leg to the sweeper on the ropes, well struck and they get two;
18.4;3;Bracken to Mongia, 3 runs full and he drives, gets an inside edge past square leg, they run hard and Martyn pulls off a good save chasing it;
18.3;1lb;Bracken to Sehwag, 1 leg bye pitches outside leg and raps him, not out says the umpire;
18.2;?;Bracken to Sehwag, no run middle and leg line again, worked to midwicket;
18.1;?;Bracken to Sehwag, no run good length on middle and off, Sehwag tries to flick that through midwicket but cant time it well;
18.1;1w;Bracken to Sehwag, 1 wide bad ball, short and moving down leg, he tries to pull but cant reach it;
17.6;1;Watson to Sehwag, 1 run lands on middle and leg, turned off the hips down to backward square leg for one, what an over of nerves;
17.5;?;Watson to Sehwag, no run this one's fuller and moving in, Sehwag stands and drives loosely, ball beats him all ends up as it cuts past his bat, he's in a mess is Sehwag;
17.4;?;Watson to Sehwag, no run and he makes so much room to leg, comes down and tries to smash over cover, Watson drops one short and Sehwag looks like a fool trying to hook that nowhere;
17.3;?;Watson to Sehwag, no run lands on a shortish length and moves in, Sehwag makes room but can only defend back to Watson;
17.2;?;Watson to Sehwag, no run a bouncer, Sehwag down on his haunches, Bowden signals the one lifter for the over;
17.1;?;Watson to Sehwag, no run good ball on off stump, Sehwag stands and defends, calls for the run, Mongia says no, he turns and Watson in his follow through dives and flips in the throw, misses and Sehwags safe;
16.6;?;Bracken to Mongia, no run thats a better length outside off, draws a tame drive from Mongia, who's feet go nowhere and he's beaten by the late away movement;
16.5;4;Bracken to Mongia, FOUR runs short and wide, now thats a better shot from Mongia, stands and cracks the square cut in the gap at point, ball races away;
16.4;1lb;Bracken to Sehwag, 1 leg bye leg stump, tries to flick but ends up with a leg bye to leg gully;
16.3;1;Bracken to Mongia, 1 run width offered, Mongia drives and gets an edge over the slips and down to third man on the bounce;
16.2;?;Bracken to Mongia, no run good length on the stumps, Mongia defends back to Bracken;
16.1;1;Bracken to Sehwag, 1 run shortish on middle and leg, worked to square leg for a quick single;
15.6;?;Johnson to Mongia, no run full on off stump, Mongia drives and gets an inside edge to square leg, calls for the run, a mix-up, back goes Sehwag and the throw isnt that good and he gets a life;
15.5;1lb;Johnson to Sehwag, 1 leg bye full on the pads, Sehwag cant work the flick away well, they get legbyes anyway;
15.4;4;Johnson to Sehwag, FOUR runs and again Sehwag makes room stepping to leg and smashes that over point, Lee gives a valiant chase from third man but thats four;
15.3;1;Johnson to Mongia, 1 run fullish length outside off stump, Mongia eases into a lazy drive to mid-off;
15.2;1;Johnson to Sehwag, 1 run a tad fuller, Sehwag gets on top of it and drives to the offside, Martyn moves around from mid-off and fields, they get one;
15.1;4;Johnson to Sehwag, FOUR runs width offered, and still he makes room moving to leg and carves that over the offside for four, cracking shot;
14.6;?;Bracken to Mongia, no run full again and Mongia drives exaggeratedly, gets beaten all ends up;
14.5;?;Bracken to Mongia, no run fullish again, driven back to to Bracken;
14.4;?;Bracken to Mongia, no run angled into him, worked to square leg, no chance of a run;
14.3;?;Bracken to Mongia, no run this one moves in from outside off stump, Mongia defends going forward and gets beaten, a sound there but it was bat hitting the boot;
14.2;?;Bracken to Mongia, no run full and wide, he chases that and gets beaten, oohs and aahs from the slip cordon;
14.1;?;Bracken to Mongia, no run full outside off stump, Mongia shoulders arms;
13.6;1;Johnson to Mongia, 1 run this one lands on that same spot, but he turns that in front of midwicket for one, well run;
13.5;?;Johnson to Mongia, no run another good ball, some good bounce there but Mongia gets on top of it and defends comfortably;
13.4;?;Johnson to Mongia, no run good ball on the stumps, Mongia stands erect and drops the hands on it, ball basically stops dead near him;
13.3;?;Johnson to Mongia, no run angles into leg stump, Mongia tries to defend buts get beaten, ball was moving down leg clearly;
13.2;1;Johnson to Sehwag, 1 run identical ball, but this time its beautifully angled past gully to Lee at third man;
13.1;?;Johnson to Sehwag, no run good length ball on the stumps, Sehwag stands and drives that to cover;
12.6;?;Bracken to Mongia, no run fuller outside off and slower, beats Mongia's loose drive, ball stays low as well;
12.5;?;Bracken to Mongia, no run fuller and moving in, and edgy Mongia misreads the length and drives loosely with one hand to point;
12.4;?;Bracken to Mongia, no run angled full outside off stump, left alone for Gilchrist to collect;
12.3;?;Bracken to Mongia, no run lands on a good length outside off stump, Mongia defends in front of point but they resist the single as Clarke's the man hovering there&;
12.2;1lb;Bracken to Sehwag, 1 leg bye fuller on the legs, tries to turn that fine but gets a leg bye in front of cover, Mongia called for it from the start;
12.1;?;Bracken to Sehwag, no run good length ball on off stump, Sehwag stands and defends with soft hands, looking to consciously keep the ball down;
11.6;?;McGrath to Mongia, no run good ball, angled even more across him, invites the forward defence and gets Mongia beaten by the movement;
11.5;?;McGrath to Mongia, no run identical delivery, McGrath getting the ball to land on a good spot, but again Mongia leaves it alone with good judgement;
11.4;?;McGrath to Mongia, no run good moving ball around outside off stump and shaping away, Mongia knows where his off stump is and leaves it alone, well left;
11.3;?;McGrath to Mongia, no run straight ball on the stumps, again defended, and Sehwag wants a run! Fat chance, comes the reply from Mongia;
11.2;?;McGrath to Mongia, no run fuller on the stumps, well defended with compact technique;
11.1;4;McGrath to Mongia, FOUR runs banged in short, the local boy stands and pulls that with authority from outside off stump, what a shot, the home crowd loves it;
10.6;?;Bracken to Sehwag, no run good away movement this time from off stump, Sehwag is rooted to his crease and decides to chase it, gets beaten, well bowled;
10.5;?;Bracken to Sehwag, no run similar ball, tucks him up, he defends to the on side;
10.4;?;Bracken to Sehwag, no run better ball, middle and leg, Sehwag hops and defends to the on side, loud call of 'NO';
10.3;4;Bracken to Sehwag, FOUR runs lands on one leg stump, Sehwag flicks that down to Mitchell Johnson at fine leg, who fields but steps on the ropes, sloppy work and its a four for India;
10.2;?;Bracken to Sehwag, no run good ball on middle and off, Sehwag stands and defends back to him, absolutely no room being offered;
10.1;?;Bracken to Sehwag, no run good ball, catches him on the hop, hits him high on the thigh and the ball scoots to the offside;
9.6;?;McGrath to Mongia, no run angles across him off stump and moves away, and he leaves it alone;
9.5;W;McGrath to Tendulkar, OUT he's gone! A typical McGrath special, lands on a sweet length outside off stump, on the seam, a little bit of movement to boot, and Tendulkar's caught defending on the hop, the ball kisses the edge and lands in Gilchrist's safe hands, Australia strike,McGrath wins this battle, crowd hushed;Sachin Tendulkar c ?Gilchrist b McGrath 10 (46m 26b 2x4 0x6) SR: 38.46;
9.4;?;McGrath to Tendulkar, no run fuller outside off stump, he again plays a strange drive with a lot of bottom hand and the ball scoots to mid-on;
9.3;4;McGrath to Tendulkar, FOUR runs comes into him from a good length, Tendulkar goes back and defends and gets the edge, luckily he kept it down, ball runs past second slip for four;
9.2;?;McGrath to Tendulkar, no run this one lands outside off stump and moves away, Tendulkar shoulders arms;
9.1;?;McGrath to Tendulkar, no run good, fullish ball outside the off stump, Tendulkar judges it and watches it through;
8.6;?;Bracken to Sehwag, no run good comeback delivery, better length on the stumps, defended to cover;
8.5;4;Bracken to Sehwag, FOUR runs gives him the charge, ball is on a good length, frees the arms and lofts that over the offside, ball bounces into the ropes;
8.4;?;Bracken to Sehwag, no run another good delivery, angles across him and he's cramped up trying to defend, gets beaten;
8.3;?;Bracken to Sehwag, no run great ball, bit of bounce there, beats him outside the off stump;
8.2;?;Bracken to Sehwag, no run good length ball again, Sehwag stands and defends, gets an inside edge near to the stumps;
8.1;?;Bracken to Sehwag, no run good length ball angling away from him, he defends off the front foot to cover, call of 'NO' back to Tendulkar;
7.6;?;McGrath to Tendulkar, no run great ball, shapes outside off stump and beats Tendulkar's forward defence;
7.5;1;McGrath to Sehwag, 1 run fuller this time, he slashes that in the gap at gully again;
7.4;?;McGrath to Sehwag, no run good ball, full and Sehwag gets over that with some impeccable defence there;
7.3;1;McGrath to Tendulkar, 1 run on a good length again, Tendulkar drives and gets the edge along the ground in the gap at gully, one run there;
7.2;?;McGrath to Tendulkar, no run on a good length, Tendulkar walks down the track and drives to mid-off, good intent;
7.1;?;McGrath to Tendulkar, no run full and wide, he plays across the line with an ugly swide to mid-on, rash shot and McGrath has a word for Tendulkar, who smiles;
6.6;1;Bracken to Tendulkar, 1 run good ball on off stump, he defends and the ball shoots to point, they pinch a run;
6.5;?;Bracken to Tendulkar, no run a bouncer, catches him by surprise, he thought of the hook but the ball comes onto him, raps the helmet, well bowled;
6.4;1;Bracken to Sehwag, 1 run fuller this time, driven to Lee at mid-off for a sharp single, the throw comes in and hits the stumps but he's safe;
6.3;?;Bracken to Sehwag, no run a tad slower, lands around leg stump and Sehwag cant time his defense that well, ball pops up in the air and lands safely;
6.2;4;Bracken to Sehwag, FOUR runs full in the slot, Sehwag unleashes a firm straight drive between the nonstriker and the stumps for four, ball screamed down the turf;
6.1;1lb;Bracken to Tendulkar, 1 leg bye from around the wicket, ball lands outside leg stump and raps the pad, they get a leg bye;
5.6;?;McGrath to Sehwag, no run a tad fuller but he cant time the drive, ball goes to Symonds at cover on the bounce;
5.5;?;McGrath to Sehwag, no run short of a good length, goes back and drives to Clarke at backward point;
5.4;?;McGrath to Sehwag, no run well played again, gets right behind it and defends, good to see;
5.3;?;McGrath to Sehwag, no run another good ball comes in but Sehwag is right behind it, up on the toes;
5.2;?;McGrath to Sehwag, no run lands on a good length and comes in, but Sehwag is right behind it in defence;
5.1;?;McGrath to Sehwag, no run wide of off stump and moving away, Sehwag leaves it alone watchfully;
4.6;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run well bowled, comes into him from outside off stump but his bat and pad are together as he defends, classic Tendulkar defence, well played, fantastic cricket all round;
4.5;4;Lee to Tendulkar, FOUR runs full and wide, Tendulkar unleashes that square drive, on bended knee, open face ofthe bat and its beats Symonds' dive at point and the ball speeds away;
4.5;1w;Lee to Tendulkar, 1 wide too wide and he swings the bat at that one, misses by a country mile;
4.5;1nb;Lee to Tendulkar, (no ball) fuller on the pads, a noball again, and he mistimes the flick;
4.4;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run this ones full and coming in, beats him on the drive, well bowled, great one;
4.3;1;Lee to Sehwag, 1 run good ball again, moves in from outside off stump and its defended to midwicket;
4.2;?;Lee to Sehwag, no run good ball on the stumps, well defended by Sehwag, perhaps anticipating that after the four-ball one will come into him;
4.2;5nb;Lee to Sehwag, (no ball) FOUR runs full and wide, a no ball to boot, and Sehwag hammers that on the up past cover for four, aggressive shot;
4.1;4;Lee to Sehwag, FOUR runs good length ball outside off stump, Sehwag drives and gets an inside edge past the stumps, the real french cut, as they call it, for four;
3.6;?;McGrath to Tendulkar, no run good ball swinging away outside off stump, left alone again;
3.5;?;McGrath to Tendulkar, no run lands on a good length and moves in, Tendulkar shoulders arms;
3.4;1;McGrath to Sehwag, 1 run lands on a good length, Sehwag drives past cover off the backfoot for one;
3.3;?;McGrath to Sehwag, no run shorter and he tries to drive, gets beaten, no footwork at all;
3.2;?;McGrath to Sehwag, no run good ball, comes back in from off stump and he defends with pad and bat married in defense, well played;
3.1;?;McGrath to Sehwag, no run full and wide outside off stump, some lateral movement, left alone;
2.6;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run wide of off stump and again Tendulkar leaves it alone;
2.5;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run good length ball, Tendulkar gets right on top of it and defends impeccably, good to see;
2.4;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run good ball outside off stump and rising into him, he sways away and lets it pass, well left;
2.3;1;Lee to Sehwag, 1 run dropped! Fuller and wide, Sehwag flays the bat at it and Clarke at deep gully gets his hands to it but cant hold on, that ball flew to him at a blistering pace, but its a chance gone down;
2.2;?;Lee to Sehwag, no run short and rising, Sehwag tries one of those cheeky uppercuts over the slips, not a good option, sir;
2.2;1nb;Lee to Sehwag, (no ball) better ball on a good length, comes into him and he plays that with soft hands, Lee oversteps as well;
2.1;4;Lee to Sehwag, FOUR runs short and wide, thats where he likes them, doesnt move the feet and bludgeons that past point and gully for four, typical Sehwag shot;
1.6;?;McGrath to Tendulkar, no run wider on a good length outside off stump, and Tendulkar leaves it alone;
1.5;?;McGrath to Tendulkar, no run lands outside off stump and comes in, Tendulkar caught high on the back leg defending;
1.4;?;McGrath to Tendulkar, no run wider and fuller outside off stump, and Tendulkar says no thanks mate, and watches it pass to Gilchrist;
1.3;?;McGrath to Tendulkar, no run lands on off stump and moves in, thats the slower ball, played with soft hands to midwicket;
1.2;1;McGrath to Sehwag, 1 run wider this time and Sehwag opens the face and places that in the gap at gully for one to third man;
1.1;?;McGrath to Sehwag, no run bang on the money, lands outside off stump and moves in, Sehwag hops and defends to the on side;
0.6;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run full and swinging away outside the off stump, and Tendulkar leaves it alone;
0.5;3;Lee to Sehwag, 3 runs on a good length, Sehwag drives and manages to squeeze that in the gap between point and gully, and thats a tremendous diving stop by McGrath covering about 20 metres on the ropes, awesome stuff from him;
0.4;?;Lee to Sehwag, no run fuller ball on middle and leg, moving down, and Sehwag cant time his flick well enough, ball rolls to square leg;
0.3;?;Lee to Sehwag, no run good, straight ball on the off stump, defended by Sehwag;
0.2;?;Lee to Sehwag, no run good ball, fast and swing, more bounce too as Sehwag goes for an expansive drive and gets beaten;
0.1;2;Lee to Sehwag, 2 runs full and wide, Sehwag swings the bat and it and gets that over the vacant gully region and down to McGrath at third man, the ball kept low, not a good sign;

Hello and welcome to Cricinfo's coverage of the 2006 Champions Trophy. You've tuned in to the final league match of the tournament, an all-important clash between Australia and India in Mohali.
This is your commentator, Jamie Alter, and together with Sriram Veera I'll be taking you all through the action.
The toss: Rahul Dravid has won the toss and decided that India will bat first. India have included Mohammad Kaif for the injured Yuvraj Singh, Sreesanth for Ajit Agargar, and Dinesh Mongia as the allrounder, who will be called on to bowl some spin. Australia have fielded a full-strength side, with four fast bowlers. Andrew Symonds and Michael Clarke can be turned to for the slower stuff.
The pitch: It's very dry and coarse, and there's pressure if you bowl first. India will need to counter Australia's seam bowling on this pitch. This is the same surface as the one on which New Zealand managed 274 and won against Pakistan. Things have changed since then; the grass has been shaved.
The scenario: Let's be brutally honest here: this is winner-takes-all match. There's a semi-final spot up for grabs. Australia have never progressed beyond the semiIf India end up losing, it will be the first time in 31 years - since the 1975 World Cup - that a subcontinent team has failed to make the semi-finals of a major tournament.
What the captains had to say:
Ricky Ponting: A rather relaxed Ponting looked at this match with confidence. "We have had an unusually long break of eight days between matches, but that means we should be better prepared for this game. We are going to find ourselves facing a sudden-death scenario at some stage during the World Cup [next year], so the more we can test ourselves under those circumstances, the better off we will be."
Rahul Dravid: He has accepted that India must raise their game significantly to overcome Australia, having lost six of their last seven one-day matches. "I concede we have not done well because the batsmen have not performed, but this is their chance to come good. You can plan tactics and have a strategy, but at the end of the day cricket matches are won by performing on the field. We need to do that. We need to score at least 250 here to bring pressure on the opposition."
The umpires, Billy Bowden and Steve Bucknor, are making their way out to the middle, followed by the Australians. Here come India's openers, Virender Sehwag and Sachin Tendulkar, much to the partisan crowd's cheer.
Brett Lee will start. Two slips, three man on the offside. Buckle up, here we go!
 Innings Start
Rahul Dravid chose to bat first. Remember, the last time India beat Australia chasing was hmm.... ahh..... 1998. Yep, that desert-storm by Sachin Tendulkar. So it seemed a pretty wise decision. India did well at the start before slowing in the middle and were unable to break free at the end. 249 looked to be a defendable total but Australia never looked back after a blazing start.
This is Sriram Veera, and along with Jamie Alter, signing off for the day. Please join us on November 1st for the first semi-final. Till then, goodbye and goodluck.
45.4;4;Patel to Martyn, FOUR runs That's it... Martyn gets the winning runs. Flicks a low full-toss past midwicket. Martyn gets all pumped up, hops and skips in joy. The pumped-up fist is also on display and why not. Australia have knocked out India and are through to the semi-finals.;
45.3;2;Patel to Martyn, 2 runs Well-directed bouncer this time, swatted away past square-leg.;
45.3;1w;Patel to Martyn, 1 wide Munaf doesn't tease Martyn. Bangs in a bouncer down the leg side.;
45.2;1;Patel to Clarke, 1 run Gets an outside edge to thirdman this time. Again the intent was to defend - he is trying to tease us a bit I think .;
45.1;?;Patel to Clarke, no run Clarke leans forward, head over the ball, left elbow high and pushes a length-delivery to cover!;
44.6;?;Pathan to Martyn, no run Martyn was looking for a single to retain the strike but couldn't get Pathan away. Choked him with a length-delivery on the off and middle.;
44.6;1w;Pathan to Martyn, 1 wide Down the legside, faint tickle could have fetched Martyn a four but ...;
44.5;1;Pathan to Clarke, 1 run gets Martyn on strike with a push-drive to midwicket;
44.4;?;Pathan to Clarke, no run no confusion this time, lets it go through to Dhoni;
44.3;?;Pathan to Clarke, no run Clarke is beaten outside offstump. He pushes outside the line of a slanted delivery. Acts as if he intended to leave it but Mate! you can't fool the camera!;
44.2;1;Pathan to Martyn, 1 run on the hips.. tucked away behind square-leg;
44.1;?;Pathan to Martyn, no run Martyn moves outside legstump, Pathan pushes it outside off, Martyn doesn't chase it.;
43.6;?;Patel to Clarke, no run in the zone outside the offstump, left alone. Give it a whack little pup!;
43.5;?;Patel to Clarke, no run well outside the offstump, Clarke covers the stumps, shoulders arms;
43.4;1;Patel to Martyn, 1 run Again he backs away, Munaf keeps it on the stumps, chopped down to thirdman;
43.3;4;Patel to Martyn, FOUR runs Only ten runs left now. Martyn backs away to drill a blistering square-drive past point.;
43.2;4;Patel to Martyn, FOUR runs Martyn peppers the cover fence again. Elegant inside-out drive past extra cover. No fuss.;
43.1;2;Patel to Martyn, 2 runs;
42.6;W;Pathan to Symonds, OUT Pathan gets a cheap wicket. Symonds backed away to slog, missed and was cleaned up.;Andrew Symonds b Pathan 20 (36m 24b 3x4 0x6) SR: 83.33;
42.5;?;Pathan to Symonds, no run;
42.4;?;Pathan to Symonds, no run;
42.3;?;Pathan to Symonds, no run Nope, he is tucked up by the one that comes back in after landing on a length around the middle. He jabs at it.;
42.2;1;Pathan to Martyn, 1 run full and on the middle, tucked past square-leg;
42.1;1;Pathan to Symonds, 1 run backs away to cut a short-of-length delivery to deep cover;
41.6;?;Patel to Martyn, no run Martyn wants to finish this off quickly. Backs away, doesn't find the room to drive, tries to cut but misses.;
41.5;?;Patel to Martyn, no run;
41.4;?;Patel to Martyn, no run Munaf appeals in anguish. Landed on a length< outside offstump< came back in to rap martyn on the pads outside the line;
41.3;?;Patel to Martyn, no run bit too early into his drive, checks the stroke to push it to mid-on;
41.2;4;Patel to Martyn, FOUR runs Take that! Out comes Martyn's left foot, down comes the bat to flay a fullish ball over mid-off. Super shot.;
41.1;?;Patel to Martyn, no run starts off with a length-delivery on the offstump line, eased to covers;
40.6;?;Mongia to Symonds, no run;
40.5;1;Mongia to Martyn, 1 run Martyn brings up his 37th ODI fifty with a drive down the ground.;
40.4;?;Mongia to Martyn, no run almost a mix-up, Martyn pushes it to point, wants a run but is sent back in time;
40.3;1;Mongia to Symonds, 1 run C'mon Symonds,.... give us a six! Nope, he leans forward to push a length-delivery down the ground;
40.2;1;Mongia to Martyn, 1 run;
40.1;4;Mongia to Martyn, FOUR runs tossed up, no spin goes straight on, Martyn is down the track in a flash and pings the cover boundary with a lovely inside-out drive;
39.6;1;Sreesanth to Martyn, 1 run There is something about Sreesanth which gets Martyn to attempt something wild. Again he wants to slog the youngster, gets a top-edge to thirdman;
39.5;1lb;Sreesanth to Symonds, 1 leg bye Sreesanth moved wide of the crease at the last minute, ala Mudassar Nasar, speared in one on the middle and leg, stabbed away to the leg side;
39.4;4;Sreesanth to Symonds, FOUR runs drifting on to the pads, don't bowl there son, flicked in the air past midwicket;
39.3;?;Sreesanth to Symonds, no run full and straight on the off and middle, pushed to cover;
39.2;1;Sreesanth to Martyn, 1 run length-delivery outside offstump, comes in a touch, Martyn pushes at it, gets an outside edge, down to thirdman;
39.1;?;Sreesanth to Martyn, no run slips down the legside. Don't know why the wide wasn't called. Martyn seems bemused.;
38.6;?;Harbhajan to Symonds, no run;
38.5;1;Harbhajan to Martyn, 1 run dropped by Dravid! It was a doosra and Martyn pushed at it, inside the line, got an outside edge and it almost brushes Dhoni's gloves and goes to left of Dravid who stretches his left hand to palm it away;
38.4;?;Harbhajan to Martyn, no run;
38.3;1;Harbhajan to Symonds, 1 run flighted a bit, driven down the ground;
38.2;4;Harbhajan to Symonds, FOUR runs Swept in front of square. Another flat and fast delivery, slapped to the on side;
38.1;?;Harbhajan to Symonds, no run on the offstump line, again flat trajectory, pushed back down the track;
37.6;?;Sreesanth to Martyn, no run Wild swing and a miss. Martyn jumps out to slog, doesn't connect.;
37.5;?;Sreesanth to Martyn, no run;
37.4;?;Sreesanth to Martyn, no run Jaffa! Landed on the seam, on a length, around the off stump line,shaped away ever so slightly away and Martyn ends up pushing inside the line;
37.3;?;Sreesanth to Martyn, no run slightly short of length, around the offstump line, shapes away, Martyn adjusts to push it to the off side.;
37.2;?;Sreesanth to Martyn, no run short of length, outside off, Martyn chops itdown to the ground and to right of Tendulkar at first slip.;
37.1;?;Sreesanth to Martyn, no run just short of driveable length, outside off, Martyn leans forward to push it to cover;
36.6;4;Harbhajan to Symonds, FOUR runs Spanking sweep shot. On the stumps and down went Symonds on his knee, down came the bat to slap it past square-leg.;
36.5;?;Harbhajan to Symonds, no run fuller and drilled to Tendulkar at mid-off;
36.4;?;Harbhajan to Symonds, no run bit more air this time, Symonds leans forward to smother the spin;
36.3;1;Harbhajan to Martyn, 1 run 200 up for Australia as Martyn comes down the track to drive it to long-on. Only 50 more runs required;
36.2;1;Harbhajan to Symonds, 1 run And again. Paddled to Munaf at fine-leg;
36.1;2;Harbhajan to Symonds, 2 runs full and on the off, paddled away fine. Munaf Patel runs across to make the stop but they run hard to take two.;
35.6;1;Sreesanth to Symonds, 1 run And again Sreesanth hurls himself to make a diving stop. Symonds had pushed one in the direction of midwicket, Sreesanth ran across to make the stop.;
35.5;3;Sreesanth to Martyn, 3 runs overpitched, driven through the on-side ring;
35.4;?;Sreesanth to Martyn, no run Reckless shot from Martyn. He jumped down the track and backed outside leg in the process, and went for a cut, missed and the ball just shaved past the off stump. Hmm.. Symonds is across to have a chat;
35.3;1;Sreesanth to Symonds, 1 run Symonds pushes a length-delivery to the leg side, Sreesanth rushes across to make a diving stop. Good commitment. The kid is fighting hard.;
35.2;?;Sreesanth to Symonds, no run Ah! had enough of dead-batting around, tries to carve one past point.. one small problem... didn't connect;
35.1;?;Sreesanth to Symonds, no run Symonds presents the full-face of the bat in defense. Head over the ball and all that jazz.;
34.6;?;Harbhajan to Martyn, no run on the middle, Martyn goes back to push it away.;
34.5;2;Harbhajan to Martyn, 2 runs again flatter, paddled away fine;
34.4;4;Harbhajan to Martyn, FOUR runs And Martyn breaks free with a lofted drive over the bowler's head. He came down the track to cream it straight over;
34.3;?;Harbhajan to Martyn, no run;
34.2;?;Harbhajan to Martyn, no run Almost caught at short-leg. Kaif jumps up too early - he is quite bad at that position - and as the ball dips near his boots he tries to grab it but ....;
34.1;?;Harbhajan to Martyn, no run floats in on the middle, Martyn comes down the track, works it with the spin to midwicket;
33.6;?;Sreesanth to Symonds, no run in thechannel again, left alone.;
33.5;W;Sreesanth to Ponting, OUT Sreesanth gets his man. But maybe too late now. Again Ponting lunges forward at a length-delivery outside the offstump, ends up pushing too hard at it as it leaves him and nicks it low to Tendulkar at first slip. SRT dived to his left to pull off a stunning catch;Ricky Ponting c Tendulkar b Sreesanth 58 (109m 69b 8x4 0x6) SR: 84.05;
33.4;?;Sreesanth to Ponting, no run Sreesanth comes back with a beauty. Drew Ponting forward with a length-delivery before taking it out to beat the intended defensive shot;
33.3;4;Sreesanth to Ponting, FOUR runs Doesn't miss out on a boundary this time. Banged in short, Ponting swivels off his front foot to pull it away behind square-leg. The best puller in world.;
33.2;?;Sreesanth to Ponting, no run And again. This time by the extra bounce. Ponting threw his bat at a wide one, doesn't connect;
33.1;?;Sreesanth to Ponting, no run pings the zone outside off, Ponting goes for a cut but is beaten as the ball kept a touch low;
32.6;?;Sehwag to Martyn, no run turns in from outside off, nudged to the on side;
32.5;1;Sehwag to Ponting, 1 run comes down the track, drives to left of Harbhajan Singh at long-on;
32.4;1;Sehwag to Martyn, 1 run;
32.3;4;Sehwag to Martyn, FOUR runs Whoa! that one spun big. But quite a rubbish length. Very short and it was going down the legside, Martyn just helped it along to the fine-leg fence;
32.2;?;Sehwag to Martyn, no run full and driven to mid-off;
32.1;2;Sehwag to Martyn, 2 runs on the middle, turns down legside, tickled fine;
31.6;4;Sreesanth to Ponting, FOUR runs No problem this time though. Ponting reaches his fifty with a on-drive past midwicket. Overpitched on the middle and leg and put away in style. Well played Sir!&;
31.5;?;Sreesanth to Ponting, no run Ponting tries to follow Martyn. Short of length and moved away after landing outside offstump, and Ponting goes for a cut but is beaten by the extra bounce;
31.4;1;Sreesanth to Martyn, 1 run Now backs away to cut. Martyn doesn't want the youngster to settle down. Chops it to thirdman where Harbhajan makes the stop and hurled in a smart throw, right over the bails;
31.3;?;Sreesanth to Martyn, no run Martyn gives the charge, drills a cover drive but straight to Kaif at cover;
31.2;1;Sreesanth to Ponting, 1 run just short of driveable length, on the off, Ponting leans forward to push it past cover;
31.1;?;Sreesanth to Ponting, no run full, straight on the off, driven back to the bowler;
30.6;?;Sehwag to Martyn, no run beaten! drifted outside off before gripping the surface to bite back in sharply. Martyn shaped up for a cut and was surprised by the bite. Troubled not by the spin but by the fizz off the track.;
30.5;?;Sehwag to Martyn, no run;
30.4;2;Sehwag to Martyn, 2 runs India continue to leak singles and twos. On the middle, worked with the spin past square-leg;
30.3;?;Sehwag to Martyn, no run spins in from outside off, Martyn backs away to cut but is cramped up a bit, ends up pushing it to cover;
30.2;?;Sehwag to Martyn, no run slightly flatter, turns in from outside off, worked to midwicket;
30.1;1;Sehwag to Ponting, 1 run comes down the track, drives to long-on;
29.6;?;Mongia to Martyn, no run;
29.5;?;Mongia to Martyn, no run straight on the middle, defended away;
29.4;3;Mongia to Ponting, 3 runs short and Ponting backs away to cut past point;
29.4;1w;Mongia to Ponting, 1 wide fifty of the partnership up. wide down the leg side. Very patient and clever batting.;
29.3;?;Mongia to Ponting, no run leans forward to push a fullish delivery to cover;
29.2;1;Mongia to Martyn, 1 run on the middle, worked to right of Dravid at midwicket;
29.1;?;Mongia to Martyn, no run slightly short, comes in with the angle, Martyn backs away to cut but straight to point;
28.6;?;Sehwag to Ponting, no run leans forward, pushes a ball on the off to midwicket, wants a run but is sent back;
28.5;?;Sehwag to Ponting, no run floats it outside off, Ponting comes down the track to drive it to cover;
28.4;1;Sehwag to Martyn, 1 run tossed up, bit too full, driven down the ground to long-on;
28.3;1;Sehwag to Ponting, 1 run full and on the off, Ponting leans forward to work with the spin past midwicket;
28.2;?;Sehwag to Ponting, no run turns in slightly from outside off, defended off the front foot;
28.1;?;Sehwag to Ponting, no run Sehwag starts off with one on the off, pushed away to the offside;
27.6;?;Mongia to Martyn, no run;
27.5;?;Mongia to Martyn, no run And again, drifting in, pushed to cover;
27.4;?;Mongia to Martyn, no run drifts in straight on the middle, worked to midwicket;
27.3;1;Mongia to Ponting, 1 run floated on the offstump, pushed down the ground;
27.2;?;Mongia to Ponting, no run;
27.1;?;Mongia to Ponting, no run backs away to cut but Kaif at cover makes a good diving stop;
26.6;?;Harbhajan to Martyn, no run tossed up outside off, full in length, Martyn lets it go through to Dhoni;
26.5;?;Harbhajan to Martyn, no run flat and fast. Straight on the off, pushed away.;
26.4;?;Harbhajan to Martyn, no run spins in from outside off, sharp turn, Martyn presses forward in defense, is hit on the pads;
26.3;1;Harbhajan to Ponting, 1 run comes down the track, Harbhajan holds back the length, Ponting lunges forward to nudge it behind square-leg;
26.2;2lb;Harbhajan to Ponting, 2 leg byes turns from just outside off, Ponting adjusts to work it fine on the leg side;
26.1;1;Harbhajan to Martyn, 1 run tossed up a bit, on the middle, pushed to mid-on. Yet another single.;
25.6;1;Mongia to Martyn, 1 run on the off, steered to point and they steal a single. Very good batting. No major risk, just nudges and pushes.;
25.5;?;Mongia to Martyn, no run floated on the middle, pushed to midwicket;
25.4;?;Mongia to Martyn, no run;
25.3;?;Mongia to Martyn, no run drifting in on the middle and leg, hit on the pads as he attempts to work it to on side;
25.2;?;Mongia to Martyn, no run arm-ball comes in from off stump line, Martyn jabs at it, gets an inside-edge on to pads;
25.1;?;Mongia to Martyn, no run lands on the off, turns away slightly, defended off the front foot;
24.6;?;Harbhajan to Ponting, no run tossed up, defended;
24.5;4;Harbhajan to Ponting, FOUR runs short and wide, Ponting makes room and crashes that past point for four, rubbish ball, good shot;
24.4;1;Harbhajan to Martyn, 1 run tossed up, played with soft hands for one down to third man;
24.3;?;Harbhajan to Martyn, no run tossed up outside off stump again, Martyn comes forward and then leaves it, ball spins past and Dhoni whips off the bails, but he had his foot back in;
24.2;?;Harbhajan to Martyn, no run tossed up outside off, Martyn doesnt time the sweep well at all;
24.1;?;Harbhajan to Martyn, no run tossed up, comes forward and defends;
23.6;1;Mongia to Martyn, 1 run full on the legs and its eased into the square leg region for one;
23.5;?;Mongia to Martyn, no run good ball, tossed up and Martyn defends;
23.4;?;Mongia to Martyn, no run short and wide, Martyn runs that to Raina at gully;
23.4;1w;Mongia to Martyn, 1 wide bad ball, wide down the pads;
23.3;?;Mongia to Martyn, no run flatter ball, he goes back and defends;
23.2;2;Mongia to Martyn, 2 runs tossed up, comes down and drives to mid-on;
23.1;?;Mongia to Martyn, no run tossed up, he goes back and defends;
22.6;?;Harbhajan to Ponting, no run tossed up, Ponting comes forward and smothers the spin, well played;
22.5;?;Harbhajan to Ponting, no run straighter, he goes back and works to the onside;
22.4;1;Harbhajan to Martyn, 1 run tossed up, again he drives in the vacant midwicket gap, India need to plug that;
22.3;1;Harbhajan to Ponting, 1 run flatter and Ponting's down the track, drives to deep midwicket;
22.2;1;Harbhajan to Martyn, 1 run tossed up, Martyn comes down and whips that to mid-on for one;
22.1;?;Harbhajan to Martyn, no run tossed up outside off and spins in, Martyn gets a full stretch and tries to sweep, gets beaten and they appeal, but notout says Bowden, pitched outside;
21.6;?;Mongia to Ponting, no run flatter and shorter, Ponting goes back and defends with a straight bat;
21.5;1;Mongia to Martyn, 1 run tossed up, Martyn gets a foot forward and dabs that in front of midwicket for a sharp single;
21.4;4;Mongia to Martyn, FOUR runs tossed up, Martyn uses the feet superbly and drives past a diving Pathan at mid-on, ball beats the chase and skims over the ropes;
21.3;1;Mongia to Ponting, 1 run shorter on middle and leg, Ponting goes back and works that to deep backward square leg;
21.2;1;Mongia to Martyn, 1 run flatter on middle and leg, Martyn whips that near square leg for one;
21.1;1;Mongia to Ponting, 1 run a tad shorter outside off stump, Ponting goes back and pushes that in front of point;
20.6;?;Harbhajan to Martyn, no run straighter ball on off stump, Martyn gets the pad forward and pokes the bat out, ala Kevin Pietersen;
20.5;?;Harbhajan to Martyn, no run changes his line a bit, Martyn defends watchfully;
20.4;2;Harbhajan to Martyn, 2 runs tossed up, Martyn comes forward and works that in the gap at midwicket for two;
20.3;1;Harbhajan to Ponting, 1 run not as flighted, Ponting comes down and whips that to midwicket;
20.2;?;Harbhajan to Ponting, no run tossed up again, this time he defends;
20.1;?;Harbhajan to Ponting, no run tossed up, Ponting drives to cover but Martyn is not interested;
19.6;?;Mongia to Martyn, no run tossed up, Martyn is caught half-cock trying to defend, ball spins in and strikes the pad, they all go up in appeal but once more Bucknor says an NO, maybe that one was carrying on too much;
19.5;?;Mongia to Martyn, no run tossed up on middle and off and Martyn comes forward in defence;
19.4;?;Mongia to Martyn, no run this one lands outside off stump and comes in with the arm, Martyn manages to cut that;
19.3;1;Mongia to Ponting, 1 run flatter outside off stump, Ponting gets to the pitch and drives to mid-off;
19.2;?;Mongia to Ponting, no run tossed up, a great length, Ponting goes back and defends, gets the edge which pops up towards gully, where are the fielders?;
19.1;4;Mongia to Ponting, FOUR runs short and wide, bad ball, cracked to point where Raina dives over it and its four more;
18.6;?;Harbhajan to Martyn, no run tossed up, tries to defend but gets an outside edge that pops up on the offside, but no one's there;
18.5;1;Harbhajan to Ponting, 1 run tossed up on off stump, he uses the feet and drives to mid-on;
18.4;2;Harbhajan to Ponting, 2 runs tossed up on off stump, Ponting whips that through midwicket with the spin for a couple;
18.3;?;Harbhajan to Ponting, no run tossed up, Ponting tries to work that around the corner but finds the fielder;
18.2;?;Harbhajan to Ponting, no run tossed up, worked around the corner;
18.1;1lb;Harbhajan to Martyn, 1 leg bye tossed up, some sharp spin as Ponting comes forward, ball pops up over batpad;
17.6;?;Mongia to Ponting, no run flatter ball, Ponting defends;
17.5;1;Mongia to Martyn, 1 run tossed up again, this time he manages the sweep to midwicket for one;
17.4;?;Mongia to Martyn, no run flighted up, he tries to sweep and misses, the ball carries on straight, a convincing shout from everyone in the stadium but the umpire shakes his head, looked close to me;
17.3;?;Mongia to Martyn, no run short and he crunches that to Raina who stops well at backward point;
17.2;?;Mongia to Martyn, no run tossed up, defends back to him;
17.1;1;Mongia to Ponting, 1 run;
16.6;?;Harbhajan to Martyn, no run tossed up, he uses the feet well and drives to mid-on;
16.6;3w;Harbhajan to Martyn, 3 wide a shorter line and its spin past him for byes as Dhoni cant take it cleanly;
16.5;?;Harbhajan to Martyn, no run tossed up a tad wider, the straighter ball, and Martyn misses the sweep, words from Harbhajan;
16.4;2;Harbhajan to Martyn, 2 runs tossed up, Martyn sweeps that around the corner, ball is in the air for a long time but no one's there;
16.3;?;Harbhajan to Martyn, no run tossed up again, Martyn looking for spin and plays it well;
16.2;?;Harbhajan to Martyn, no run tossed up outside off stump, ball turns in and catches Martyn on the drive;
16.1;1;Harbhajan to Ponting, 1 run tossed up, Ponting uses his feet well and drives to mid-on;
15.6;?;Mongia to Martyn, no run tossed up outside off stump, Martyn tries a tip-and-run and very nearly plays onto his stumps, he's lucky to survive;
15.5;W;Mongia to Watson, OUT Mongia strikes! Tossed up outside off stump, Watson goes back and tries to defend, misses and is struck marginally outside the line, but Bucknor upholds the appeal, didnt look out to me;Shane Watson lbw b Mongia 50 (83m 46b 8x4 0x6) SR: 108.69;
15.4;1;Mongia to Ponting, 1 run tossed up, he looks to work that square but the ball pops up;
15.3;?;Mongia to Ponting, no run;
15.2;1;Mongia to Watson, 1 run dropped short, Watson rocks back and pulls that in the air over midwicket, calls of 'CATCH IT' but the ball lands in no-mans-land, and Watson has 50;
15.1;1;Mongia to Ponting, 1 run flat delivery, goes back and drives to mid-off, easy run;
14.6;1;Harbhajan to Ponting, 1 run tossed up, Ponting forward and works that past batpad for one to midwicket, excellent running;
14.5;1;Harbhajan to Watson, 1 run tossed up on off stump, works that past batpad for one;
14.4;4;Harbhajan to Watson, FOUR runs short and wide, Watson late cuts that for four, nicely done;
14.3;1;Harbhajan to Ponting, 1 run tossed up, comes forward and drives that to long-on for one;
14.2;?;Harbhajan to Ponting, no run flatter line, Ponting comes back and defends off the backfoot;
14.1;?;Harbhajan to Ponting, no run tossed up, Ponting comes forward and defends;
13.6;?;Pathan to Watson, no run full outside off stump, he shoulders arms, Australia have 101 on the board, great start for them;
13.5;4;Pathan to Watson, FOUR runs too short, begging to be hit, and Watson does so with a smashing cut in the gap at cover, four runs all the way;
13.4;2;Pathan to Watson, 2 runs short and wide, cut down to third man;
13.3;4;Pathan to Watson, FOUR runs full in the slot outside off stump, Watson gets to it and frees the arms, picks up four past mid-off, no need for bad calling when you time them like that;
13.2;?;Pathan to Watson, no run short of a good length, Watson drives to Munaf at mid-off, there's a mixup between Gilchrist the runner and Ponting, but a late reaction from the fielder;
13.1;?;Pathan to Watson, no run good ball on the stumps, batsman goes back and defends;
12.6;4;Sreesanth to Ponting, FOUR runs dragged in short outside off stump, Ponting gets into position and hammers the pull past Mongia at midwicket, no chance to haul that ball in, four more to the Aussie captain;
12.5;?;Sreesanth to Ponting, no run full and wide, he shoulders arms again;
12.4;4;Sreesanth to Ponting, FOUR runs fullish and wide, Ponting comes forward and angles that wide of Dravid at second slip for four to third man, intelligent shot;
12.3;?;Sreesanth to Ponting, no run gets some lift from outside off stump, and it beats Ponting's attempt to flay it past cover;
12.2;?;Sreesanth to Ponting, no run good length ball on the stumps, comes in and its defended in a hurry;
12.1;?;Sreesanth to Ponting, no run full outside off stump, Ponting gets a stride in and shoulders arms;
11.6;?;Patel to Watson, no run full outside off stump and its left alone with a raise of the arms;
11.5;4;Patel to Watson, FOUR runs changes his line to middle and leg, Watson gets forward and whips that past Mongia at midwicket, who gives chase but ends up diving with the ball over the ropes;
11.4;?;Patel to Watson, no run pitches on off stump and moves in, Watson falls over trying to work that to leg, but Munaf's appeal is turned down, that was going on too high;
11.3;?;Patel to Watson, no run short and wide, a little bit of extra bounce, Watson cant time the cut well enough and is beaten chasing it;
11.2;1;Patel to Ponting, 1 run drifts to middle and leg, Ponting flicks and gets an inside edge down to fine leg, was looking to go aerial on that shot;
11.1;?;Patel to Ponting, no run good, fullish delivery outside the off stump, Ponting comes forward and then shoulders arms;
10.6;?;Sreesanth to Watson, no run fullish outside off stump and a cheeky Watson tries a brave late cut and is beaten;
10.5;1;Sreesanth to Ponting, 1 run fullish outside off stump, Ponting comes forward and drives to wide of cover for one;
10.5;1w;Sreesanth to Ponting, 1 wide someone help him! This one is way wide of off stump and its called wide;
10.4;4;Sreesanth to Ponting, FOUR runs the kid drops one in short to the wrong bloke, and Ponting swivels and murders that through midwicket for four, Ponting was already waiting on the backfoot;
10.3;4;Sreesanth to Ponting, FOUR runs full again, Ponting gets onto the front foot and drives through the covers, a polished shot and he has his highest score of the tournament;
10.2;?;Sreesanth to Ponting, no run fullish outside off stump, Ponting gets onto the front foot and drives to cover;
10.1;?;Sreesanth to Ponting, no run okay, right, better ball outside off stump that Ponting lets through with a stride forward;
10.1;1w;Sreesanth to Ponting, 1 wide an even more shocking delivery that lands a foot outside leg and carries on, Dhoni does well to reach that one;
10.1;1w;Sreesanth to Ponting, 1 wide another wide down the legs, tsk tsk tsk;
9.6;1;Patel to Ponting, 1 run comes forward to a fullish ball on the stumps and flicks that down to deep backward square leg for one to get off the mark;
9.5;?;Patel to Ponting, no run full outside off stump and he gets forward with a big stride, and shoulders arms;
9.4;?;Patel to Ponting, no run beauty of a ball, lands outside off and sucks him forward, then moves off the seam and he's beaten all ends up;
9.3;?;Patel to Ponting, no run good ball lands on off and moves in, Ponting is caught on the drive, yes, you guessed it, he plays across the pads and falls over as he is wont to do at the start of an innings, a stifled appeal from the Indians;
9.2;3;Patel to Watson, 3 runs short of a good length, Watson covers the movement and times the back-foot cut through cover-point very well and sends the ball speeding away, Raina gives chase and pulls it in with a good dive on the ropes;
9.2;1w;Patel to Watson, 1 wide wide down the pads, useless delivery;
9.1;?;Patel to Watson, no run full on the stumps, driven to mid-on;
8.6;?;Sreesanth to Ponting, no run good, seaming delivery outside off stump, Ponting shoulders arms;
8.5;W;Sreesanth to Gilchrist, OUT great catch! Full and wide, Gilchrist throws the bat at it but can only slam that in the air to Raina at backward point, who holds onto a fine catch, that ball was travelling at some speed but the kid held onto it like a seasoned pro, falls over after he takes it and then runs to his team-mates who engulf him, thats the breakthrough India needed, Gilchrist gone!;Adam Gilchrist c Raina b Sreesanth 23 (40m 24b 4x4 0x6) SR: 95.83;
8.4;?;Sreesanth to Gilchrist, no run good delivery on a good length cuts back and has Gilchirst hopping, ball may have clipped some part of the thigh through to Dhoni, well bowled;
8.3;1;Sreesanth to Watson, 1 run good length ball nips into him and he works that to square leg for one;
8.2;1;Sreesanth to Gilchrist, 1 run shortish delivery on the stumps, Gilchrist looks to pull but the ball skids on and raps him on the inner thigh near the groin, ball rolls to Raina at backward point;
8.1;?;Sreesanth to Gilchrist, no run good length ball outside off stump, driven to Raina at backward point;
7.6;?;Patel to Watson, no run fullish outside off stump, Watson gets onto the front foot and drives, gets an inside edge back onto the boot, a dot ball!;
7.5;1;Patel to Gilchrist, 1 run good ball comes onto him with some movement off the pitch, Gilchrist caught on the hop, works that to the on side;
7.4;4;Patel to Gilchrist, FOUR runs full and wide, Gilchrist frees his arms and drives that past point for four more, India losing the plot thick and fast;
7.3;4;Patel to Gilchrist, FOUR runs short and wide, Gilchrist goes for a cut/dab and the ball bounces once in front of the Dhoni and carries on for four;
7.2;1;Patel to Watson, 1 run good length ball on the stumps, Watson runs that down to third man to bring up Australia's 50 in quick time;
7.1;4;Patel to Watson, FOUR runs short and wide, Watson's eyes light up and he cracks the cut smack between cover and point for four more;
6.6;3;Pathan to Watson, 3 runs a full toss this time, which Watson willingly puts away past Harbhajan at mid-on, he gives chase and hauls it in as the ball slows up;
6.5;4;Pathan to Watson, FOUR runs fraction shorter on the stumps, at that pace the ball just sits up and cries out 'HIT ME, HIT ME' and Watson obliges with a thumping smash over square leg for four more;
6.4;?;Pathan to Watson, no run a fuller ball on the stumps, gives it time to swing, Watson uses the feet well and drives back to the bowler;
6.3;4;Pathan to Watson, FOUR runs short and wide, Watson gets into position and hammers the pull over square leg, good clean hit;
6.2;?;Pathan to Watson, no run full and wide, Watson squaredrives to backward point;
6.2;1w;Pathan to Watson, 1 wide poor stuff, full and wide down leg stump, belated wide called;
6.1;?;Pathan to Watson, no run good ball on the stumps, Watson covers the stumps and defends;
5.6;?;Patel to Gilchrist, no run cracker! Cuts him in half! Lands outside off stump and moves in considerably, Gilchrist is caught on the hop as the ball seams past him, Dhoni dives to his left and collects, I think the ball may have flicked the trousers on the way through;
5.5;1;Patel to Watson, 1 run short and wide, Watson frees the arms and cracks that over gully and down to a moving Harbhajan at third man on the bounce, didnt land all that from him;
5.4;?;Patel to Watson, no run better ball on a length, pitches on off stump and Watson goes back and across in defence, presents the full face of the bat, Munaf moves across and fields;
5.3;4;Patel to Watson, FOUR runs full on middle and leg stump, Watson gets his head over it and flicks that well through midwicket for four, good shot;
5.2;?;Patel to Watson, no run short of a length outside off stump, Watson drives to cover but takes a hand off the bat as he does so;
5.1;?;Patel to Watson, no run lands on off stump and carries on high, Watson again cant play Munaf well through the on side, falls over in his shot;
4.6;?;Pathan to Gilchrist, no run again he goes for the yorker, its pitched better than last time, and again Gilchrist is upto the challenge, works that to midwicket;
4.5;?;Pathan to Gilchrist, no run strives for that yorker again, doesnt get it all that well and Gilchrist manages to defend;
4.4;?;Pathan to Gilchrist, no run lands on a good length and he defends;
4.3;4;Pathan to Gilchrist, FOUR runs not a bad length, but Gilchrist makes room and cracks that imperiously between cover and point for four, well played;
4.2;?;Pathan to Gilchrist, no run pitches on leg and moves away, Gilchrist got on the flick, beaten;
4.1;?;Pathan to Gilchrist, no run full in the blockhole, well dug out;
3.6;?;Patel to Watson, no run another good shout for leg before! Pitches around off stump and dips in, Watson's caught falling forward on the defence, Munaf and all else go up in unison but that man Bucknor smiles and shakes his head, too high perhaps?;
3.5;?;Patel to Watson, no run this one comes into him from off stump and he defends;
3.4;?;Patel to Watson, no run short of length again, this time Watson hops and defends;
3.3;2;Patel to Watson, 2 runs short of a length outside off stump, driven past point for two;
3.2;?;Patel to Watson, no run a tad fuller and slower on off stump, Watson comes forward and defends, an inside edge gets tangled between his legs;
3.1;4lb;Patel to Watson, 4 leg byes drifts down leg, Watson tries to clip that fine but mistimes it, ball runs away and the umpire signals leg byes;
2.6;?;Pathan to Gilchrist, no run well bowled, lands on a good length and moves into him, he defends quickly;
2.5;?;Pathan to Gilchrist, no run strives for the yorker, well dug out by Gilchrist, shouts of 'NO' back to Watson;
2.4;1;Pathan to Watson, 1 run full and wide, Watson drives airily in the gap at gully, ball races to third man;
2.3;?;Pathan to Watson, no run angled across him, he was in two minds whether to play or leave it, ends up shouldering arms at the nth minute;
2.2;3;Pathan to Gilchrist, 3 runs pitched full on off stump, Gilchrist drives through mid-off, Harbhajan gives chase and doesnt do all that well;
2.1;4;Pathan to Gilchrist, FOUR runs width outside off stump and Gilchrist carves that over point, Munaf tries to field with the boot but messes it up, bad job down there;
1.6;?;Patel to Watson, no run very close shout for lbw! Full and fired into middle and leg, Watson tries to whip that but cant, rapped on the pads, looked very close, every chap in blue in the stadium goes up in a tumultous roar but Bucknor shakes his head, the hell was wrong with that appeal?;
1.5;?;Patel to Watson, no run lands outside off again and seams the other way, away from the right-hander, and Watson watches it through to Dhoni;
1.4;?;Patel to Watson, no run pitches outside off stump on the scrambled seam, Watson shoulders arms;
1.3;1;Patel to Gilchrist, 1 run lands on a good length, a tad wide, Gilchrist pokes at it and gets an edge that shoots wide of gully, and its a no-ball as well;
1.2;?;Patel to Gilchrist, no run good comeback ball, lands outside off stump and seams past Gilchrist's tame drive;
1.2;5w;Patel to Gilchrist, 5 wide bad, bad ball, very wide outside leg stump and it swings way past Dhoni's despairing dive for runs;
1.1;1;Patel to Watson, 1 run good, fullish ball outside off stump, Watson defends and the ball scoots off the outside edge down to third man;
0.6;?;Pathan to Gilchrist, no run lands on middle and off, worked to midwicket;
0.5;?;Pathan to Gilchrist, no run well bowled! Pace, swing and seam as it lands outside off stump and Gilchrist hangs his bat out at it and gets suckered into the false shot;
0.5;1w;Pathan to Gilchrist, 1 wide this one lands outside leg stump and carries away, not good for India, Dhoni does the taking behind the stumps, some swing on that ball;
0.4;?;Pathan to Gilchrist, no run good, seaming, full delivery outside off stump, Gilchrist wants nothing to do with it;
0.3;1;Pathan to Watson, 1 run again it lands on middle and leg, this time he gets bat to it and works that to midwicket for one;
0.2;?;Pathan to Watson, no run good ball, pitched on middle and leg and swung in, rapped on the pads as he stood up, but that would have carried on over the stumps, too high;
0.1;1;Pathan to Gilchrist, 1 run full and swinging quite a distance outside off stump, Gilchrist swings and gets bat to it, ball runs past the vacant gully region for one down to wide of third man;

Welcome back, everyone. It's Jamie again. Australia need 250 to progress into the semi-finals. Players are out in the middle. Australia's openers are set to go.
Irfan Pathan will do duty with the new ball. Over the wicket. Gilchrist to face. Two slips, three men on the off side. Play ball, says Billy Bowden!
 Innings Start
India
Australia
18th Match (D/N), Mohali, Oct 29 2006, ICC Champions Trophy
249/8
252/4
Player of the match is Damien Martyn, AUS
Australia won by 6 wickets (with 26 balls remaining)
