Data
We hear that play will start at 10.15 pm. It's a six over chase, India's target is 48.
Two overs of Powerplay. One bowler can bowl a maximum of two overs. Four others can bowl one each
10.00 pm There is a super sopper or two going around the outfield. Several groundsmen are trying to peel the covers off, without allowing the water that is on them seep into the turf. The inspection is in another five minutes, and we are approaching that approximate point of no return at 10.18 pm rather rapidly. But we needn't fret. Play is about to start soon.
"The stumps have been erected on the pitch," says Arun from the ground. "And the Australian bowlers have begun warming up again." The umpires, I think,
have given the DLS par scores to David Warner, the Australian captain, so he and his team can prepare for the chase. The same is sent up to the Indian dressing room. Towels are being run out to the Australian players, so clearly they expect the ball to get wet when hit along the outfield
9.30 pm Arun Venugopal from the ground says the rain has slowed down enough for the groundsmen to start thinking about peeling the covers off. "The umpires are prowling the boundary fence too, and are engaged in deep discussion. And soon there are whistles and a huge roar as the groundsmen begin peeling the covers off." Official inspection at 10.05 pm, says the broadcast
Arun continues: "Local officials reckon play can start in about 45 minutes once the rain stops. It's going to be a race against time.There are proper puddles on top of some of the covers."
Ajit Umath: "75% of the wickets (6 out of 8) today were out bowled. How often has this been the scenario in an innings where 5 or more wickets were out bowled?" Six is the most, actually. India have equalled a record set by four other sides
9.15 pm The rain continues to frustrate. It began as a drizzle, then picked up, then slowed down, and now is back to being fairly heavy. We have started losing overs now. India's chase will not be for 20 overs. And the cut-off time for a five-over game is approximately 10.18 pm. India's target will be 41
8.50 pm The rain seems to have reduced," says Arun Venugopal from the ground. But 10 minutes later he has this: "Aaaaaaand, it's picked up again"
Brodie : "I'm getting very concerned about the Aussies, can't find to seem a solid middle order batsman. Not just concerned about this series but during the 2013/14 Ashes where the Aussies won 5-0 they times where Haddin saved them from collapsing where I don't see any Australian wicketkeeper in the country be able to do that :/ "
Purvesh: "Where will be the teams chilling? MSD's place?"
Kaushik: "I hope Maxwell isn't axed after this series.This bloke certainly had a hard time out here and when you're in such a run you keep finding fielders even on rubbish deliveries.He has the experience but it's hard to say he's improved."
8.35 pm Australia's innings has ended at 18.4 overs amid the rain. The umpires will now adjust India's target according to DLS. We are also hearing (yet to be confirmed) that the cut-off time for the match to resume is 10.20 pm.
For those in India, are you gripped by football fever with a Under-17 World Cup on? Share your photos and get featured on ESPN.in. More details here.
Jerry: "Paine should have batted on No.3 today. Normally, he is an opener, so it could have given him chance to play his normal game. "
Samba: "Why isn't there an option 'remind me when the match resumes' which will send me a message or notification on my phone when the match actually resumes. Seems like an obvious thing to implement, right?"--- It may not be there, but if you're following @ESPNcricinfo on Twitter, you're bound to receive a pop up
8.20 pm The umpires have called for the groundsmen to cover the pitch as the rain keeps falling. And they've done well considering it started as only a drizzle but now has picked up properly. Big blue covers are being draped over every part of the outfield.
18.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Zampa, no run back of a length, slower as well, which is why Zampa looking to pull ends up mistiming the shot;
18.3;4;Bhuvneshwar to Zampa, FOUR runs inside edge, squirts away to the fine leg boundary as Zampa swings across the line of a good length delivery on off stump;
18.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Zampa, no run back of a length and outside off, blocks it;
18.1;W;Bhuvneshwar to Christian, 1 run, OUT whips a full delivery from outside off to mid-off. Christian chances the arm of the deep fielder and may well be run-out as a result of that. Third-umpire called in and replays show that it is a direct hit. A direct hit from long-on from Virat Kohli and Christian is gone.;Dan Christian run out (Kohli) 9 (26m 13b 0x4 0x6) SR: 69.23;
17.6;?;Bumrah to Tye, no run back of a length and outside off, swings across the line and meets with a whole lot of air;
17.5;?;Bumrah to Tye, no run another yorker, tailing into leg stump. Andrew Tye just about keeps it out;
17.4;W;Bumrah to Coulter-Nile, OUT ripper! Ranchi roars in appreciation of the perfect Bumrah yorker. Starts on middle and off. Curls in through the air. And Coulter-Nile is certainly not expecting that. Tries to block the ball from its target, but that late swing is too much to handle;Nathan Coulter-Nile b Bumrah 1 (2m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
17.3;1;Bumrah to Christian, 1 run back of a length and outside off, Christian drives to the sweeper;
17.2;1;Bumrah to Coulter-Nile, 1 run another one aimed at middle and off stump, and the only reason Bumrah isn't celebrating is because of a handy inside edge from the new batsman Coulter-Nile. Single to long leg;
17.1;W;Bumrah to Paine, OUT through him! Bowls him! Completely destroys him! Paine is hunched over with his stumps in disarray. He eventually drags himself off, perhaps wondering how he was so comprehensively beaten. It was a straight ball, but it swings just a tiny bit in. Then after pitching, it lurched at his leg stump with a vengeance. That it kept a little low wouldn't have helped the batsman either;Tim Paine b Bumrah 17 (14m 16b 1x4 1x6) SR: 106.25;
16.6;1;Bhuvneshwar to Paine, 1 run yorker, curling from outside off and into the base of middle. Paine pushes it to long-on;
16.5;6;Bhuvneshwar to Paine, SIX runs swivels on the back foot and pulls the short ball outside off over the square leg boundary. Good shot. Picks a place without a boundary rider too;
16.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Paine, no run nails the yorker on middle and leg, Paine can only dig it out;
16.3;4;Bhuvneshwar to Paine, FOUR runs back of a length and outside off, Paine smashes it to the cover boundary;
16.2;1;Bhuvneshwar to Christian, 1 run on middle and leg, he clips it to long leg;
16.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Christian, no run beats him for pace. Hits the deck, seam upright, and the ball snarls back into the right-hander. Christian is lucky the ball bounces over middle stump;
15.6;1;Kuldeep to Christian, 1 run good length ball outside off, defends. That ends Kuldeep's spell. Four overs, 2 for 16.;
15.5;1;Kuldeep to Paine, 1 run shortish and outside off, cuts to deep point;
15.4;?;Kuldeep to Paine, no run goes for the sweep, and the googly turns across him and goes through to the wicketkeeper;
15.3;1;Kuldeep to Christian, 1 run pushes it through cover;
15.2;1;Kuldeep to Paine, 1 run clips a quicker, shorter delivery behind square leg;
15.1;?;Kuldeep to Paine, no run tosses it up outside off, the googly this time. Paine reaches for it and is beaten comfortably;
14.6;1;Chahal to Paine, 1 run dropped by Bhuvneshwar at deep midwicket. Paine gets hold of a long hop and pulls it merrily, without minding the field. The ball heads straight to the fielder, at waist-height, and he shells it;
14.5;?;Chahal to Paine, no run misses a stumping, does Dhoni. Although he might have been blinded by the batsman, who had come forward and across the stumps to scoop the ball.;
14.4;1;Chahal to Christian, 1 run;
14.3;1;Chahal to Paine, 1 run nudges it behind square leg;
14.2;?;Chahal to Paine, no run tosses it up outside off, Paine tries to lash it over cover and can't get anywhere near it. Dhoni collects the ball, but is just a little too far away from the stumps to reach out and break the stumps. has two attempts at it and had he hit the target on the first, Paine would have been stumped;
14.1;?;Chahal to Paine, no run dropped by Chahal himself. All that good work - deceiving the batsman with flight and more so drift, making Paine play against the turn. The leading edge comes off the flick shot, Chahal spots it, races to his right, dives full length and even takes it. But as his elbows hit the ground, the ball pops out;
13.6;1;Hardik to Paine, 1 run walks at the bowler, before he loads up, and then drives down the ground to mid-off;
13.5;1;Hardik to Christian, 1 run carves a back of a length delivery on off stump to the right of the point fielder.;
13.4;1;Hardik to Paine, 1 run back of a length and outside off, pulls to deep midwicket;
13.3;W;Hardik to Head, OUT keeps low, or at least lower than Head thinks and he chops on. Back of a length ball, from around the wicket. Head keeps leg side of the ball to whip it through midwicket, but he doesn't account for the low bounce that the experts predicted to happen on this pitch.;Travis Head b Pandya 9 (27m 16b 0x4 0x6) SR: 56.25;
13.2;1;Hardik to Christian, 1 run drives a back of a length delivery out to sweeper cover;
13.1;?;Hardik to Christian, no run fuller delivery on off stump, tucks it to short midwicket;
12.6;?;Kuldeep to Head, no run grip and turn. And Head, making room to cut the short ball, ends up having to let it go because he is too far away to make contact;
12.5;1;Kuldeep to Christian, 1 run shortish and outside off, cuts to deep point;
12.4;?;Kuldeep to Christian, no run comes down the pitch to flick into the on side, but he ends up pushing the ball to the bowler;
12.3;?;Kuldeep to Christian, no run tosses it up outside off, Christian comes forward to block;
12.2;W;Kuldeep to Henriques, OUT runs down the pitch, blind, and swings right across the line. And the tossed up ball outside off has a clear path to pitch, turn and smash middle stump. Another lovely piece of bowling because he slows this down seeing the batsman advance, and as a result, Henriques was through his rash shot way too soon and left with no second measure of defence. Beautiful.;Moises Henriques b Kuldeep Yadav 8 (9m 9b 1x4 0x6) SR: 88.88;
12.1;1;Kuldeep to Head, 1 run shortish and outside off, Head cuts, seemingly finding the gap between backward point and short third man. But Chahal moves quickly to his right and stops the ball.;
11.6;?;Hardik to Henriques, no run;
11.5;4;Hardik to Henriques, FOUR runs that's an amazing shot! He really doesn't have any room to pull off this pull shot, but Henriques lifts it over midwicket, using a straight bat to make sure he can get maximum contact. He knows his power will send it to the boundary;
11.4;?;Hardik to Henriques, no run blocks a back of a length delivery to mid-on;
11.3;1;Hardik to Head, 1 run full and outside off, Head stays still this time and smashes it to long-on;
11.2;?;Hardik to Head, no run around the wicket to the left-hander, who, believing this ploy is to cramp him, makes room for himself. Only Pandya bluffs him by bowling length and outside off. Toe-ended pull into the on side;
11.1;1;Hardik to Henriques, 1 run back of a length on off stump, pushes to long-on;
10.6;?;Chahal to Head, no run tries to hack a full ball on middle towards long-off, but he's too close to it and sends it back to the bowler instead.;
10.5;1;Chahal to Henriques, 1 run drills the ball to long-off to get off strike;
10.4;?;Chahal to Henriques, no run reads the googly off the pitch but makes sure to use a straight bat to protect his stumps.;
10.3;1;Chahal to Head, 1 run races down the track to meet the fuller delivery where it pitches outside off and drives to long-off;
10.2;?;Chahal to Head, no run steps forward to block on middle;
10.1;1;Chahal to Henriques, 1 run good length ball, pitching outside leg, and turning sharply enough that Henriques has to push his hands at the ball, away from his body to meet it in defence;
9.6;1;Kuldeep to Henriques, 1 run greets the new batsman with a wrong 'un and Henriques, set up to flick the ball, ends up with a little leading edge to long-off;
9.5;W;Kuldeep to Finch, OUT bowled im! This is splendid bowling from Kuldeep. He's assessed that Finch has decided it will be sweep or nothing tonight against spin and loads up for the shot again. But this ball is a too full. it's too close. It demands a straight bat but by the time the alarm bells ring in Finch's head, he sees red behind him. The other thing Kuldeep did well is bowl it quicker so the batsman didn't have the time to adjust;Aaron Finch b Kuldeep Yadav 42 (40m 30b 4x4 1x6) SR: 140;
9.4;1;Kuldeep to Head, 1 run shortish and outside off, cuts past point;
9.3;?;Kuldeep to Head, no run oh that's well bowled. Draws Head forward with the flight and leaves him groping as a result of the ball dipping sharply. Outside edge to point, when the batsman was looking for a drive to long-off;
9.2;2;Kuldeep to Head, 2 runs belts a half-volley straight down the ground, but Pandey at long-on does well, running to his right. Good shot, equally good fielding;
9.1;1;Kuldeep to Finch, 1 run the sweeps seems to be the only shot he wants to play against the wristspinners. Yanks a full delivery outside off to deep square leg;
8.6;1;Chahal to Finch, 1 run another slider - and it's pitched perfect - on a good length on middle stump. Finch is backing away, but to his credit he meets the ball with a straight bat and as a result finds a single to long-off. Good batting.;
8.5;?;Chahal to Finch, no run nudges a good length ball to midwicket;
8.5;1w;Chahal to Finch, 1 wide skids straight on as he pitches a quick, good length ball on leg stump and it goes further down into Dhoni's gloves;
8.4;1lb;Chahal to Head, 1 leg bye pushes it through off the front of the hand, so the ball simply skids straight on. Head looks to flick it, but has to settle for a leg bye towards fine leg;
8.3;1;Chahal to Finch, 1 run flat-bats a short ball to long-off;
8.2;6;Chahal to Finch, SIX runs smokes it over deep midwicket. A slog sweep with all the power in the world. Chahal sets up the shot, though, by tossing the ball up and outside off. He's so far bowled flatter and outside off, hoping to deny batsmen the chance to get under the ball;
8.1;?;Chahal to Finch, no run slow through the air, and he keeps it outside off. Finch, backing away, goes for the cut, but that premeditated movement ruins his timing because it took him too far away from the ball;
7.6;1;Kuldeep to Finch, 1 run four balls played, four sweeps used in the battle of Finch v Kuldeep. Single to deep square leg;
7.5;1;Kuldeep to Head, 1 run comes down the pitch and clips a fuller delivery on off stump to deep midwicket;
7.4;1;Kuldeep to Finch, 1 run good length ball on middle, Finch sweeps to long leg;
7.3;1;Kuldeep to Head, 1 run fuller delivery outside off, so full that Head, pressing forward, ends up yorking himself as he pushes to long-off;
7.2;1;Kuldeep to Finch, 1 run another sweep, but this ball, being on leg stump, is better to be put away by that shot. Single to deep square leg;
7.1;?;Kuldeep to Finch, no run tosses it up, and Finch goes for the lap sweep, but is struck on the front pad. Impact outside off stump so Kuldeep wastes an appeal;
6.6;?;Chahal to Head, no run googly and it seems like Head's picked it, stepping forward and blocking with the full face as the ball pitches on leg stump and spins away;
6.5;1;Chahal to Finch, 1 run rocks back and cuts a shortish delivery through cover;
6.4;1;Chahal to Head, 1 run good length ball, pitching just outside off and turning into the left-hander quite sharply. Head makes room and punches to long-off;
6.3;W;Chahal to Maxwell, OUT that's the fourth time in four games that Chahal has toppled Maxwell, but he hides his face in his hands and flashes an embarrassed little grin. He knows this ball didn't deserve a wicket. Rank long hop. Destined to be smoked. Instead Maxwell pulls it straight to short midwicket;Glenn Maxwell c Bumrah b Chahal 17 (24m 16b 2x4 0x6) SR: 106.25;
6.2;4;Chahal to Maxwell, FOUR runs loads up the cut again, but Chahal gets the ball to kick up off the pitch just enough for the top edge to fly past Dhoni's right;
6.1;2;Chahal to Maxwell, 2 runs quicker delivery outside off, Maxwell, having done away with his helmet, cuts to deep point;
5.6;1;Hardik to Maxwell, 1 run moves away to the leg side, Pandya follows him, Maxwell punches it to mid-off;
5.5;1;Hardik to Finch, 1 run taps a fuller delivery on middle past Rohit's right at short midwicket;
5.4;4;Hardik to Finch, FOUR runs floats it up in the batsman's half and Finch takes full toll. An off drive of the highest quality. All along the ground. No chance for the fielder, moving to his right from mid-off;
5.3;2;Hardik to Finch, 2 runs places it neatly through the gap at midwicket for a couple. Finch going at a higher strike-rate, playing proper shots than his partner;
5.2;1;Hardik to Maxwell, 1 run clears the front leg to carve the ball away, but Pandya keeps it at leg stump and denies Maxwell any leverage. Hammers it - literally, the bat coming down on the ball from 90 degrees - to point;
5.1;4;Hardik to Maxwell, FOUR runs finally he gets one away. Meets a fuller ball sliding into his pads with a flick and gets enough bat on it to beat Dhawan running to his right at deep square leg;
4.6;2;Bumrah to Finch, 2 runs full on middle, Finch clips it smartly behind square leg.;
4.5;2;Bumrah to Finch, 2 runs slower ball, outside off, Finch is fooled as he thinks this is ripe to loft over cover. In the end, he finds a couple at deep midwicket;
4.4;1;Bumrah to Maxwell, 1 run pushes to mid-on for a quick single;
4.4;1w;Bumrah to Maxwell, 1 wide short ball, sliding into the right-hander, Maxwell tries to pull it over fine leg, but doesn't connect. Umpire calls wide for the line straying down leg;
4.3;1;Bumrah to Finch, 1 run;
4.2;1;Bumrah to Maxwell, 1 run steps out, way too early, and as a result, Bumrah hits the deck and slows his pace. Maxwell struggles to get on top of the ball and then has no power in the shot. Has to settle for a single to mid-on;
4.1;?;Bumrah to Maxwell, no run back of a length on off stump, Maxwell pats it to mid-on;
3.6;1;Bhuvneshwar to Maxwell, 1 run pushes towards mid-on for a single. Midwicket intervenes to keep the game moving;
3.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Maxwell, no run tries to flick a fuller ball cramping him on middle and leg, makes contact only with the inside edge;
3.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Maxwell, no run almost bowled again, this time clearing his front leg and aiming to smash the ball past the bowler. Knuckle ball messes with his timing again;
3.3;1;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, 1 run tucks up the right-hander with a good length ball, Finch defuses it down the ground to mid-on;
3.2;1;Bhuvneshwar to Maxwell, 1 run blocks a good length ball to mid-on;
3.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Maxwell, no run stands on leg and looks to whip a back of a length ball outside off over midwicket and only just avoids being bowled. Maxwell, high-risk, for the moment, low reward;
2.6;4;Hardik to Finch, FOUR runs now he goes along the ground, and picks the gap between points backward and orthodox. Gorgeous cut shot;
2.5;4;Hardik to Finch, FOUR runs lifts it over point, considering the ring there is congested with infielders. The knuckle ball, lashed to the boundary;
2.4;?;Hardik to Finch, no run short and outside off, cuts to point;
2.3;?;Hardik to Finch, no run pushes down the ground;
2.2;2;Hardik to Finch, 2 runs forceful shot down the ground, going for the shot simply because of the ball being outside off. But it is not a half-volley and it thuds into the bat, making it twist in Finch's hand, and as a result the ball only just clears mid-on;
2.1;?;Hardik to Finch, no run nice and tight on middle, Finch clips it to midwicket;
1.6;1;Bumrah to Finch, 1 run blocks into the covers to retain strike;
1.5;1;Bumrah to Maxwell, 1 run opens the face, and steers it to third man. Which is an anti-climax because while the bowler was running up, he had cleared his front leg and his backlift was way over his head;
1.4;1;Bumrah to Finch, 1 run slip was removed after that boundary, and predictably out comes the outside edge. Wouldn't have mattered though because the ball wanders out well wide of that position to third man;
1.3;4;Bumrah to Finch, FOUR runs width - so much that Finch has to reach out to meet it and even then he makes contact with only the bottom of the bat. Still enough strength in the shot to send the ball scurrying to the cover boundary;
1.2;?;Bumrah to Finch, no run punches towards cover;
1.1;?;Bumrah to Finch, no run leans into a fine-looking drive, but mid-off is there to play party pooper;
0.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Maxwell, no run shifts across onto off stump to clip a length ball to midwicket;
0.5;W;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, OUT chops on! Bhuvi roars in delight. Warner looks up at the heavens with a wry smile Ranchi just bellows. This is a good length ball, but the batsman continues to play with a horizontal bat shot. And though he tries not to power the ball at all, the fact that he made that miscalculation results in the inside edge and a blaze of red behind him;David Warner b Kumar 8 (2m 5b 2x4 0x6) SR: 160;
0.4;4;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, FOUR runs a more controlled shot - waiting for the ball to almost wander past him before chopping it to the third man boundary;
0.3;4;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, FOUR runs width, and plenty of it in Warner's eyes, so he flays it to the point boundary. Brutal. Simple;
0.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run shout for lbw, a distracted one because Bhuvi is also conscious of fielding the ball to stop Australia taking leg byes. But the full ball probably even pitched outside leg stump and was then swinging into the left-hander as he tries to flick;
0.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run walks at the seamer! But Bhuvi pulls his length back enough, but more importantly doesn't give him any width. Nudge off the pads to midwicket;

7.00 pm Out walk David Warner and Aaron Finch. Both have centuries on this tour. Both will be key for Australia getting away quickly against the new ball. Bhuvneshwar Kumar will present the first challenges to they have to face
Some good news as weather forecasts show that chances of rain have reduced as the noise level in Ranchi gets louder and louder. First ball coming to you in very little time
Jay A: "Among top teams India has got the best W/L ratio, however it is less than that of Afghanistan!"
India: 1 Rohit Sharma, 2 Shikhar Dhawan, 3 Virat Kohli (capt), 4 Manish Pandey, 5 MS Dhoni (wk), 6 Kedar Jadhav, 7 Hardik Pandya, 8 Bhuvneshwar Kumar, 9 Kuldeep Yadav, 10 Yuzvendra Chahal, 11 Jasprit Bumrah.
Joe: "I just realized ... India's go to ODI team and T20 team are the same. "
Australia: 1 David Warner (capt), 2 Aaron Finch, 3 Glenn Maxwell, 4 Travis Head, 5 Moises Henriques, 6 Dan Christian, 7 Tim Paine (wk), 8 Nathan Coulter-Nile, 9 Andrew Tye, 10 Adam Zampa, 11 Jason Behrendorff
HarishVaranasi: "Trust me, Warner as a captain is more potent than as a player alone #IPL #SRH"
So we'll have Chahal v Maxwell again. And Australia have gone in with their T20 specialists - Henriques, who has had IPL experience. Christian, who led Nottinghamshire to the title in England's T20 tournament this year, Jason Behrendorff, who was vital to the Perth Scorchers claiming a third BBL title. Not to mention Andrew Tye, who took a hat-trick in the past IPL
Azweer: "By God's grace, I hope, I can complete the dental surgery successfully, before I can watch India bat." ---- Prefer to have your teeth in perfect form when they start chattering. Wise. Very wise.
Divy: "@Al I guess azweer is talking about performing a surgery rather than getting one himself, in that case pray for the teeth of his patient. In case, he does it while India bat."
--- Egg on my face. It's rather tasty though.
Rutul: "I am just getting a gut feeling that OZ's will go hard right from the start... Go "ALL GUNS BLAZING" boys to put pressure on the indian spinners.. "
6.30 pm India have won the toss and they will bowl. "There's a bit of weather around, so we'd like to know exactly what we need to do," says Virat Kohli. "And we haven't played here since the Test against Australia here. But yeah, the weather is a massive factor. T20 is a format where you can't take any team lightly, let alone Australia who are really good. Axar is out, Kuldeep is back in. Dhawan replaces Rahane."
"Time to start fresh. Looks a great wicket, we've to come out and bat first and bat well," Warner says. "Honoured to be Australian captain. Looks exactly like the one in the Test match. Nice shine, the ball will come on nicely and it'll wear later. Was looking to bat first anyway"
6.25 pm With five minutes to the toss, Arun Venugopal is playing predictor. "From the evidence of the goings-on on the practice pitch, Nehra looks likely to sit out this game. He has bowled very little in comparison to Bhuvneshwar and Bumrah."
For those in India, are you gripped by football fever with a Under-17 World Cup on? Share your photos and get featured on ESPN.in. More details here.
6.15 pm "This looks to me like a zooter [low-bounce] of a pitch," says Sunil Gavaskar for the broadcast. "The new-ball bowlers will get some bounce, but for the others, there won't be much bounce. Batsmen will struggle to get under the ball."
Apart from the cricket, are you a football fan as well? Take ESPN's FANtastic survey and you could be among the 20 lucky ones to win exciting memorabilia.
"It's a packed weekend in the world of sport, with the FIFA Under-17 World Cup officially underway in India. The hosts lost 3-0 to USA yesterday, but it was a historic night in Delhi nonetheless.
Meanwhile, heavyweights Spain and Brazil are currently in action in Kochi, while Germany are in the lead against Costa Rica in Goa. If you are in the Indian subcontinent, pop over to ESPN India to watch all the matches live and exclusive."
Aryan : "Coming to the shortest format, can we Robot opening along with Panda?" Well considering the mechanical efficiency with which he is scoring runs, I suppose the comparison was bound to happen
Mustafa Moudi: "Last time when these 2 sides faced each other at Ranchi (in 3rd Test), Kohli Injured his Right Shoulder and now Smith is unavailable for the same venue for the same reason - Right Shoulder Injury !!"
6.10 pm It looks like left-arm quick Jason Behrendorff, who batted down questions of him being a dark horse for the Ashes, has received his first Australia cap.
"Australia's finest have jumped into action as well," says Arun Venugopal from Ranchi. "The incoming Andrew Tye and Dan Christian are leading the charge in the pre-game warm-ups. Maxwell is operating from around the wicket to the single stump manned by spin consultant S Sriram"
The weather isn't particularly helpful. Groundsmen have been fiddling with the covers in the lead-up to the toss. There was enough rain yesterday to deny India outdoor practice. And Arun Venugopal also pings in ominously saying, "there's even some streaks of lightning around as India's bowlers begin loosening up on the practice pitch. Chahal, Hardik and Axar are the early birds, while Nehra ji quietly surveys the pitch. DK is the man gathering the balls behind the stumps. Steven Smith, meanwhile, is spotted with the Australia team, and he is sharing a pointer or two"
Snehil: "The intriguing question for today's match is that who opens the batting for India. There has been a lot of talk of Kohli opening the batting, but I still think Rohit should open the batting with Shikhar as he doesn't fit in India's middle order. More often than not he needs some time to get going. Virat has been exceptional at no.3 for India and has finished games from that position. Also, Hardik should bat at no.4 as it will give him the best opportunity to face the spinners." ----- So by that logic, Rahul's bound to spend even more time on the bench.
Sarcyndian: "Can't wait for the T20 series to start. Nice to see Indian team playing more than (usual) one (off) T20 match. #GoTeamIndia" ---- No kidding. Among the top teams, they are among the least experienced. IPL, of course, makes up for it
6.00 pm A six-day break to refresh, to revel, to forget, to switch off. India and Australia have had a pretty contrasting time over the past three weeks but they arrive in Ranchi with the scoreline 0-0. In the T20s at least. Even then, however, the visitors are at a disadvantage. Their captain Steven Smith has injured his shoulder and won't be taking part. While he isn't the same force in the shortest format, losing him really can't do Australia much good on a tour where they have won only one match.
Now, observations from Arun Venugopal who is in Ranchi: "It's only 5.50pm , but it's pitch dark already even as the stand-in captain David Warner arrives bat in hand along with fielding coach Brad Haddin to have a look at the pitch.
 Innings Start
11.00 pm That's all we have from the game. Thanks for joining us. Good night.
Kuldeep Yadav is Man of the Match for his 2 for 16. "getting my first Man of the Man in T20s. First couple of balls, I saw what he was doing, later on I set him up for the sweep shot. So I knew he wasn't going to hit me over mid-off, so I planned that overpitched ball to bowl him. Always think about wickets, that's all that matters for me and the team. Getting more confidence day by day, game by game."
"Especially after winning the toss and bowling first, that effort was required. We don't really understand the Duckword Lewis method. After getting them down to 118, we thought it would only be 40 or something. 48 was tricky," Virat Kohli says. "It's been a combined effort of the players, but also the management group who have given great ideas. Picking specialist players for formats, picking mystery bowlers, giving them confidence. They can give runs in one game, but they will always hit back. Bhuvi and Bumrah have been brilliant in limited-overs lately. You need to be able to execute yorkers and slower balls and you need skill. But you need to have a good head as well, make batsmen hit the wrong areas. Unfortunate for Dhawan to miss out on so many games, but he's back and even this innings of 15 will give him confidence."
10.55 pm "At the end of the day, it's a poor result for us. We have to be better next game,"David Warner says. "We didn't deserve to have that chance. Almost being bowled out for 120. But to get as close as we did, the bowlers did an okay job. Don't have an answer for you. We had a good partnership up top with Finchy and myself, but then there was a collapse again in the middle order. We have to go back to the drawing board and figure that out."
Vinit Singh: "50th T20I win for India. Third international team to do so."
10.40 pm Rain shortened games usually end up with the chasing side. Kohli, after winning the toss, specifically said he wanted to bowl because of the weather around. Australia could have made it harder by batting smarter. This wasn't a belting pitch. It was slow, keeping low, and turning too. But regardless of that, they kept playing shots when they could have readjusted to hit a score of 140 or 150. That translated to a target of 48 in six overs and it was pretty comfortably done.
Much of this win was the result of Kuldeep Yadav and Jasprit Bumrah's bowling - 2 for 16 and 2 for 17 respectively. Kuldeep was especially impressive, countering Aaron Finch's premeditated plans of sweeping him by bowling the perfect ball - quicker, fuller and tighter on the stumps to bowl him - setting the stage for Bumrah to take two wickets in one over in the death
"Tougu time for myself and my family but thankfully the doctors saw the disease on time," says Shikhar Dhawan when talking about his wife who fell sick recently. "Coming back after a break, playing an international game, it was good."
"That's it for all the cricket for the day from Ranchi, but here's Sharda Ugra transporting you to Kochi, describing the action from a pulsating Under-17 World Cup match between Brazil and Spain. You can watch all the matches of the tournament live on ESPN.in
Charles John: "I suspect the Aussies, much like the TV commentators, were completely unaware of the new rule allowing 2 overs per bowlers in reduced games ... oops"
5.3;4;Christian to Kohli, FOUR runs goes over extra cover to seal the win! he plays the field so well - four men on the leg side boundary - he predicts the line would be on leg stump, so he makes room and since it is full as well he just gets under it and lifts it over the four men saving singles on the off side;
5.2;2;Christian to Kohli, 2 runs excellent work by Coulter-Nile at deep backward square leg, racing to his right and stopping a certain boundary. Kohli's flick, powered by those incredible wrists, still fetches two;
5.1;1;Christian to S Dhawan, 1 run slower ball outside off, Dhawan cuts to deep point;
4.6;?;Zampa to Kohli, no run drives to extra cover. Now its six off six for India to win. Good come back after conceding a boundary first ball;
4.5;1;Zampa to S Dhawan, 1 run steps out, but Zampa shortens his length. The ball then kicks up off the pitch, making Dhawan work overtime as he flicks. The ball wanders dangerously close to Warner's reach at mid-on as he runs and dives to his right.;
4.4;?;Zampa to S Dhawan, no run gets down the track and drives to short cover;
4.3;?;Zampa to S Dhawan, no run shortish and outside off, cuts but is beaten. It's a touch too close for the shot.;
4.2;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run backs away to try and whip a slider through midwicket, but it keeps low and takes a bottom edge, then a bit of the pad to fine leg's right this time;
4.1;4;Zampa to Kohli, FOUR runs whips a shortish delivery on leg stump past fine leg's left. Placement gets him the boundary;
3.6;?;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, no run backs away to deal with a short ball on middle, but is beaten as he tries a ramp shot;
3.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run fuller delivery outside off, drives to long-off;
3.4;2;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 2 runs clips a full ball on middle to deep backward square leg, where Head nearly slips as he races across an outfield that took a lot of rain;
3.3;1;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, 1 run top-edge as Coulter-Nile goes for the bouncer at the badge and Dhawan indulges in a hook shot. Taking the ball over his left shoulder is a big risk, but he survives as the ball wanders behind square leg;
3.2;4;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, FOUR runs short-arm pulls to the square leg boundary! This was short, yes, but there was no room to free the arms. Dhawan still manages to impart power into the ball with his wrists. Superb stuff.;
3.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run wallops a short ball outside off to deep midwicket;
2.6;1;Tye to Kohli, 1 run back of a length on off stump, dabs it behind point;
2.5;?;Tye to Kohli, no run yorker outside off, Kohli steers it to point;
2.4;1lb;Tye to S Dhawan, 1 leg bye advances on the bowler, but with the line being on leg stump, and the ball moving into him as well, the lbw shout is wasted. Knuckle ball again.;
2.3;4;Tye to S Dhawan, FOUR runs takes the slower short ball and pulls it to the deep square leg boundary, much to the Ranchi crowd's delight. They've waited a long time to see the Indian batsmen and are now lapping it up;
2.2;1;Tye to Kohli, 1 run shortish and outside off, dabs to third man;
2.1;4;Tye to Kohli, FOUR runs extends his defence, after stepping out of his crease. And so a knuckle ball, which should ideally mess with a batsman's timing, sails over the infield. One-bounce four for minimum effort;
1.6;4;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, FOUR runs dropped, I think, by the bowler! But it came back at him so quickly! Dhawan steps out of his crease and though he checks his drive down the ground, Coulter-Nile has no time to move well enough to his left. A hand comes out, the ball deflects off it and goes to the boundary;
1.5;?;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, no run huge appeal for run-out at Kohli's end. Good on Finch to be alert to the opportunity while the bowler and the rest of his team-mates were busy appealing for a lbw. Inswinger, cramping Dhawan. But he gets an inside edge to it to save himself;
1.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run good length ball on off stump, Kohli taps it behind point for a quick single. A risky one too, considering if the throw hit the stumps direct, Dhawan would have been long gone;
1.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, no run good length ball outside off, Kohli drives on the up to cover. This pitch, which offered low bounce, is kicking up a bit now after the rain;
1.2;W;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, OUT middle pole's gone! Rohit, as gorgeous as he looks when he connects, doesn't look particularly pleasing when he is done in like this. Flicks across the line of a straight ball and is cleaned up;Rohit Sharma b Coulter-Nile 11 (5m 7b 1x4 1x6) SR: 157.14;
1.1;6;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs lifts it over the long leg boundary! It's fair that he was set up for the shot with Coulter-Nile bowling length and down leg. But the ease with which Rohit dismissed it. Sheesh.;
0.6;?;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, no run beaten. Excellent over from the debutant. Hits the deck, just outside off, and gets the ball to seam past Dhawan's bat as he feels for it. Oh, this could be fun if the new ball behaves like this.;
0.5;1;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, 1 run 135kph, defends a good length ball on off stump behind point;
0.4;?;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length and outside off, Rohit tries to cut, but is beaten by extra bounce. That rain's certainly freshened up the pitch;
0.3;?;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, no run good length ball on off stump, defends;
0.2;?;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, no run full and angling across the right-hander, Rohit drives to cover;
0.1;4;Behrendorff to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs spirits it away to the midwicket boundary. Lovely shot, especially considering this is a good ball, pitched up and swinging in. Rohit ensures he plays late, and close to the body and doesn't overhit;

Priteesh: "Pandya to open?? Or will he come at no3??" Well, Dhawan and Rohit are coming out to bat. So India aren't experimenting, yet. Debutant left-arm quick Jason Behrendorff has the new ball in hand
 Innings Start
Australia
India
1st T20I (N), Ranchi, Oct 7 2017, Australia tour of India
118/8
49/1
Player of the match is Kuldeep Yadav, INDIA
India won by 9 wickets (with 3 balls remaining) (D/L method)
