Data
India all out 441. Sehwag dazzled, Vijay impressed, Lax and Tendulkar showed their class, Ganguly stamped his presence and Dhoni did his bit. The Aussies dropped catches, leaked runs but Jason Krejza, who went wicketless for 199 runs in the warm-up game before being dumped, stormed into public imagination with the amount of runs he gave and the no of wickets. Fascinating debut. Bit bizzare but a great moment for the fun-loving tweaker.
124.5;W;Krejza to Sharma, OUT What a memorable debut for Jason Krejza. The European combo of Jason Krejza and Katich has combined here well to get Krejza his eight wicket. Super duper. Ishant flicked it to the right of Katich, at short leg, and he takes a good sharp juggling catch. Krejza won't forget Nagpur, Indians will always remember him and his bizarre debut. Runs and wickets. Arthur Mailey, the former Aussie legspinner, would have been proud. Congrats Jason.;Ishant Sharma c Katich b Krejza 0 (9m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
124.4;?;Krejza to Sharma, no run leans forward to defend;
124.3;?;Krejza to Sharma, no run;
124.2;?;Krejza to Sharma, no run turn and bounce, outside of stump, left alone;
124.1;?;Krejza to Sharma, no run leans;
123.6;?;Johnson to Harbhajan, no run leans forward to drive to covers;
123.5;4;Johnson to Harbhajan, FOUR runs And Harbhajan's response to that bouncer? He walks down the track and blasts the full pitched delivery through wide mid-on;
123.4;?;Johnson to Harbhajan, no run lets rip a bouncer and Harbhajan goes down under quickly;
123.3;?;Johnson to Harbhajan, no run Harbhajan refuses to take the single! hmmm.. it was dabbed to third man. Now the two get together for a chat.;
123.2;?;Johnson to Harbhajan, no run fuller, slower, pushed to covers;
123.1;?;Johnson to Harbhajan, no run bouncer from round the stumps, Harbhajan sways away from the line;
122.6;?;Krejza to Sharma, no run bit more air, fuller outside off stump, edges the drive on to his pad;
122.5;?;Krejza to Sharma, no run two silly points, slip, leg slip, two short legs crowd Ishant who plays the kill joy and defends to the off side.;
122.4;W;Krejza to Mishra, OUT Would you believe it? Krejza takes another one. On a hattrick now. It landed outside off and went on straight, without too much spin, went with the angle and the batsman pushed inside the line. Death knell. THe off stump was pegged back;Amit Mishra b Krejza 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
122.3;W;Krejza to Khan, OUT Wah! Wicket no 6. What a bitter-sweet debut! It was well-flighted delivery outside off stump into the rough and Zaheer Khan went for the big drive and edged it on to the stumps.;Zaheer Khan b Krejza 1 (25m 16b 0x4 0x6) SR: 6.25;
122.2;?;Krejza to Khan, no run leans forward to defend but pushes inside the line and the ball didn't turn in enough and went past the outside edge.;
122.1;1;Krejza to Harbhajan, 1 run turns in from short of length, paddled behind square leg;

During the warm-up game in Hyderabad before the Test series began, Krejza was hit for 199 runs without taking any wicket. How did he react that evening? Did he brood? No he sang that day in the hotel: "Tears of Heaven" He ended his performance with the line "Because this guy was cool, this Michael Bevan" rhyming it perfectly with the last lines of the orginal song "I must be strong and carry on, 'cause I know I don't belong here in heaven."
 Innings Start
India will have to come out and play one over.
134.4;W;Mishra to Johnson, OUT And India take an 86-run lead. Johnson came down the track and lifted straight to Zaheer at long-on.;Mitchell Johnson c Khan b Mishra 5 (41m 25b 0x4 0x6) SR: 20;
134.3;1;Mishra to Lee, 1 run tossed up full, driven to long-off;
134.2;?;Mishra to Lee, no run flighted full, defended to silly point;
134.1;1;Mishra to Johnson, 1 run flighted full on the legs, flicked past square leg;
133.6;?;Harbhajan to Lee, no run flighted full around off and middle, defended to the off side;
133.5;?;Harbhajan to Lee, no run lunges forward to defend;
133.4;1;Harbhajan to Johnson, 1 run short in length, just outside off, punched to sweeper cover;
133.3;?;Harbhajan to Johnson, no run floated full outside off, driven to covers;
133.2;W;Harbhajan to White, OUT He has holed out to Sehwag at long-on. White was looking to up the ante but was beaten in the flight this time. He ended up scooping it straight to the fielder. Well played 46, though.;Cameron White c Sehwag b Harbhajan Singh 46 (162m 133b 4x4 0x6) SR: 34.58;
133.1;4;Harbhajan to White, FOUR runs swept hard from outside off stump and picks up a boundary to deep square leg . He got on top of the ball well;
132.6;?;Mishra to Johnson, no run googly on the leg stump line, pushed to the on side;
132.5;?;Mishra to Johnson, no run on the middle, spinning in, dabbed to left of short leg;
132.4;?;Mishra to Johnson, no run fullish, flicked to right of square leg where Laxman makes a tumbling stop;
132.3;?;Mishra to Johnson, no run slower, turns in past the prod and strikes the pad. Mishra appeals, perhaps going down leg side and Dhoni was heading that way;
132.2;?;Mishra to Johnson, no run turns in and Johnson is caught at the crease, stabs it away in the end;
132.1;?;Mishra to Johnson, no run floated outside off, driven back to Mishra, who is bowling from over the wicket;
121.6;1;Mishra to White, 1 run opens his stance and punches a short-in-length delivery to deep midwicket;
121.5;?;Mishra to White, no run shorter in length, turns with bounce, stabbed to the off side;
121.4;?;Mishra to White, no run beaten by the turn from the rough. It landed well outside leg and broke back sharply to beat the defensive poke and hit him on the back pad in front of the middle;
121.3;?;Mishra to White, no run couple of steps down the track but the ball dips on him and he reaches out to push it back to Mishy;
121.2;?;Mishra to White, no run googly and White leans forward to defend and hits the pad and on to the bat but falls down the wicket;
121.1;?;Mishra to White, no run from round the stumps, outside off, squeezed to backward point;
120.6;?;Sehwag to Krejza, no run floated on the off stump line and Jason pushes forward in defense;
120.5;1;Sehwag to White, 1 run fuller, on the middle, driven to long-on;
120.4;?;Sehwag to White, no run on the leg side, jabbed away;
120.3;?;Sehwag to White, no run comes forward to defend down the track;
120.2;?;Sehwag to White, no run sehwag switched back to round the stumps at the start of this over. White goes back to defend;
120.1;?;Sehwag to White, no run gets well forward to defend to the on side;
131.6;?;Harbhajan to White, no run on a length now and White comes forward to push it to the on side of the pitch;
131.5;?;Harbhajan to White, no run still full, perhaps too full and defended from the crease;
131.4;?;Harbhajan to White, no run pushes it further outside off and White hurries towards the ball to push it away;
131.3;?;Harbhajan to White, no run slower, very full, pushed back to the bowler;
131.2;?;Harbhajan to White, no run around the off stump, flatter, defended on the front foot;
131.1;?;Harbhajan to White, no run from round the stumps and pretty full in length, jabbed out to the off side;
130.6;?;Sharma to Johnson, no run gets behind the line of a length delivery and defends to the off side;
130.5;1;Sharma to White, 1 run gets his front foot across, thought a bit too much but managed to get his bat around the front pad to tickle it past square leg;
130.4;?;Sharma to White, no run in the zone outside off stump, left alone;
130.3;4;Sharma to White, FOUR runs But connects this time. Teece must be jumping up and down in his couch. White leans into the full length delivery and drove it superbly through covers. He didn't go hard at the ball as he did in the previous delivery.;
130.2;?;Sharma to White, no run 136.3 fullish delivery outside off and White goes for the big drive. Happy Teece? May be not as he misses it completely;
130.1;?;Sharma to White, no run full in length outside off stump, left alone;
119.6;?;Mishra to Krejza, no run turning past off stump, slightly short, chopped to backward point;
119.5;?;Mishra to Krejza, no run googly on the leg stump line, shapes to defend, off the pad to short leg;
119.4;?;Mishra to Krejza, no run gets well forward to defend. Compact.;
119.3;1;Mishra to White, 1 run takes his left leg outside leg, outside the line and pushes with the turn to extra cover;
119.2;?;Mishra to White, no run slower, bit more air, on the leg stump, White defends to the off side;
119.1;?;Mishra to White, no run into the rough from round the stumps and the tall White gets his front leg out to pad it away;
118.6;?;Sehwag to Krejza, no run switches to the over the stumps and floats it outside off, Krejza stretches well forward to defend;
118.5;?;Sehwag to Krejza, no run takes a good stride out to defend this one;
118.4;?;Sehwag to Krejza, no run quicker one, goes on with the arm and Krejza hurries back to defend;
118.3;1;Sehwag to White, 1 run gets this past midwicket and to the man at the deep for a single;
118.2;?;Sehwag to White, no run opens his stance up and pushes the ball on the leg and middle to midwicket;
118.1;?;Sehwag to White, no run still from round the stumps, on the middle and leg line, worked to the on side;

Hardeep: "Lee is batting at 11 because he has a stomach upset. Heard the commentators say it." Thank you ji.
 Innings Start
Australia need 382 to win this Test match and retain the Border Gavaskar Trophy. Ponting and Clarke walk off, hands over each other's shoulder. Join us very soon for the chase. We should get in two overs here.
82.4;W;Watson to Mishra, OUT And he does it this time. Fuller, moving in late and Mishra gets the inside edge and drags it to the stumps. Very fine spell from Watson.;Amit Mishra b Watson 7 (14m 8b 1x4 0x6) SR: 87.5;
82.3;?;Watson to Mishra, no run banged in short again but slips down the leg side. Perhaps, reverse swing is the way to go here. Full and coming in Watto?;
82.2;?;Watson to Mishra, no run the bouncer arrives and Mishra tries to upper cut it over slip, misses and Haddin collects;
82.1;4;Watson to Mishra, FOUR runs edged past the lone slip. It was around the off stump line, the shiny side was outside and Mishra pushed inside the line, dropped short of Hayden and squirted to his right;
81.6;?;Krejza to Sharma, no run four men close in watch as Ishant jabs the off break of bat and pad down the track.;
81.5;?;Krejza to Sharma, no run comes down the track and drives to short cover;
81.4;?;Krejza to Sharma, no run slower, on the off stump line, turning in, pushed to midwicket;
81.3;?;Krejza to Sharma, no run again pretty full in length, driven to mid-on;
81.2;?;Krejza to Sharma, no run tossed up, driven back to the bowler;
81.1;?;Krejza to Sharma, no run lands outside off stump and Ishant gets forward to push it to silly point;
80.6;?;Watson to Mishra, no run gets behind the line this time and defends back to Watson.;
80.5;2;Watson to Mishra, 2 runs tails in very late, Mishra stabs it off the inner edge past the leg stump and to fine leg where Krejza kicks it away from the ropes;
80.4;1;Watson to Sharma, 1 run the third bouncer, Ishant was cramped and pulled it weakly in the air but well short of long leg;
80.3;?;Watson to Sharma, no run Ishant, who has been out to bouncers before in this series, gets another lifting delivery. But this time, he drops his wrists, gets his bat down and arches back well to avoid it.;
80.2;?;Watson to Sharma, no run a sharp bouncer to greet Ishant who ducks to evade it.;
80.1;W;Watson to Harbhajan, OUT Watto has cleaned up Harbhajan. This one came in late, from well outside off and went through the bat and pad gap to knock back the off stump. If only Watson had bowled earlier. The slow over rate has come back to bite the Australians. And how. Harbhajan walks back after a very valuable knock.;Harbhajan Singh b Watson 52 (121m 94b 5x4 0x6) SR: 55.31;
79.6;?;Krejza to Mishra, no run comes well forward to defend to the off side;
79.5;1;Krejza to Harbhajan, 1 run thrust his front foot across and square drives to deep point;
79.4;?;Krejza to Harbhajan, no run flighted full outside off and Harbhajan goes for the reverse sweep, misses and is hit on the pad.;
79.3;1;Krejza to Mishra, 1 run bounces a bit as it turns in and Amit Mishra avoids the king pair rather confidently with a pull shot;
79.2;W;Krejza to Khan, OUT Krejza's "crazy" debut continues.Zaheer went for the sweep, gloved it behind, haddin got his left hand out and tapped the ball to the off side, swung around, took a step and flung himself to take the catch. Super effort. And the drama continues.;Zaheer Khan c ?Haddin b Krejza 6 (10m 11b 1x4 0x6) SR: 54.54;
79.1;4b;Krejza to Khan, 4 byes spins down the leg side; Zaheer can't get bat to it, Haddin can't his hands or the gloves near it.;
78.6;?;Watson to Harbhajan, no run fuller and Harbhajan gets forward to defend;
78.5;1;Watson to Khan, 1 run another lifting delivery and Zaheer jumps to turn it to fine leg;
78.4;?;Watson to Khan, no run Another sharp lovely bouncer, right up there at Zak's face and he responds well to get it down to the ground. Hop skip and the rolling of the wrists. Zaheer nods in appreciation to Watson.;
78.3;?;Watson to Khan, no run superbly well-directed bouncer at the face and Zaheer does very well to hop and some how wrist it down in front of him.;
78.2;?;Watson to Khan, no run shaping in toward the pads, jabbed away to the on side;
78.1;?;Watson to Khan, no run shaping in from the off stump, Zaheer gets a bottom edge and the ball rolls to the off side. Harbhajan gets across to give him some batting advice on how to play reverse swing.;
77.6;2;Krejza to Harbhajan, 2 runs Harbhajan gets his 6th Test fifty. the crowd roar in delight. He got on to the front foot and squeezed it through backward point. The dressing room celebrates. Harbhajan pumps his fist. What a vital knock.;
77.5;1;Krejza to Khan, 1 run Nice. Flighting it outside off and Zaheer goes for the drive against the turn and it runs off the inner half of the bat to long-on;
77.4;?;Krejza to Khan, no run nice teasing delivery, lands outside off and turns in to take the inside edge, on to the pad and it hit his arm;
77.3;4;Krejza to Khan, FOUR runs on the middle and leg line, Zaheer went for the sweep - India's fav shot post tea - and gets a glove on to it.;
77.2;?;Krejza to Khan, no run leans forward to defend;
77.1;W;Krejza to Dhoni, OUT Jason Krejza has taken out Dhoni. It was flighted full outside off stump, and Dhoni went for the sweep, edged it on to his boot, and it popped up close on the off side. Hussey moved quickly from silly point and took a fine diving catch. Dhoni waited a short while to get confirmation from the umpire. But a fine innings from the skipper. India lead by 360;MS Dhoni c Hussey b Krejza 55 (117m 81b 4x4 0x6) SR: 67.9;
76.6;?;Watson to Harbhajan, no run comes forward - he is already standing outside the crease - and defends to the off side;
76.5;?;Watson to Harbhajan, no run wonderful delivery, moving away late - the shiny side was out - and Harbhajan was beaten on the poke. It bounced once before it reached Haddin;
76.4;?;Watson to Harbhajan, no run hint of late movement there and Harbhajan gets an inside edge on to his front pad. The shiny side was in and the ball dipped in its direction;
76.3;?;Watson to Harbhajan, no run shapes in from the good length outside off stump and Harbhajan defends to the off side;
76.2;?;Watson to Harbhajan, no run Harbhajan is standing outside the crease to negate any reverse. Short of length and he goes back to defend;
76.1;?;Watson to Harbhajan, no run full and on the middle stump line, defended down the track;

And Shane Watson is back. Finally. Is it too late or can he do some magic here? Will it reverse now. It was during that period just before tea.
 Innings Start
Dhoni pumps his fist and signals to the dressing room. Stumps have been uprooted for souvenirs. Harbhajan wants to lift Ganguly, Laxman and Ishant join in and the they lift him up in the air. Indian flags are waving out there. The Indians shake the hands of the Aussies. Kumble is there too, hugging every Indian player as he walks up the stairs. And now shakes Dhoni's hand and hugs him. Gary Kirsten is there some where too, celebrating with the team.
On the other side, Ponting shakes every Australian's hand. Critics all round the world will look at this series and wonder whether it's the time when Australia lost their aura. Critics have said this is the most unAustralian team in recent memory. Can they regroup and reclaim their halo? Will Dhoni and his boys be the new leaders or will it be some other team? The upcoming season of cricket will provide the answer.
Some 2000 mails have poured in from you lot in the last few minutes! I don't know what to do! So will just type in Chappelli's comment instead.
Ian Chappell on Ponting the captain: "If they just lost the series I don't think there would be any problems. But the fact that they had the chance to level the series at tea-time yesterday.. that might cause a few questions. I believe Sutherland, CEO, is going to ask Ponting about that. The good thing for Ponting that he comes up against New Zealand in Australia very soon and they can win those two and I suspect things might die out after that."
Ceremony is about to begin. Hang on.
Ponting: "It has been a fair result to tell the truth. We played good cricket in Bangalore but from there we have been chasing our tails. India played good cricket. India's tactics slowed us down dramatically on that third day. Looking back that was the turning point. We weren't good enough; probably not patient enough.
"The partnership between DHoni and Harbhajan was vital. Being nine overs behind doesn't help you. There was a similar partnership in Bangalore (harbhajan and zaheer) .. we didn't take our chances. We weren't good enough here and weren't good enough in Mohali and hence the two results. I am still learning about the game, some of the guys will learn. Jason Krejza has had a very good debut. Other guys too would have learnt. We have a Test series in Australia. This has been as a brilliant tour. We have been here seven weeks and the time has flown quickly."
Man of the Match: Jason Krejza : "It has been an experience I will never forget. To take 12 wickets on your debut is unbelievable. What a wonderful game. I was a bit nervous, I tried to keep it inside. glad it has turned out well. My team backed me up, Ricky was a great captain for me and I really appreciate that. I had more confidence going in to the second innings. What I have learnt is .. Test cricket is a tough tough game and you have to be patient. I can come next game and pick none."
Man of the series: Ishant Sharma : "I think in Indian wickets, you have to be patient and bowl in the right areas. All the senior players supported me; that's why I bowled well. I know how your body recovers and I know quite a lot about my body [fitness] now. Zaheer has quite bit of experience and he has constantly adviced me about two things: be patient and bowl in the right areas. My best wicket was taking Ponting in the second innings at Mohali. "
Dhoni: We didn't start off well, it was worrying but we knew once we got a few wickets ....
On the series : This is more important than the India Pakistan rivalry. We had our plans and executed it well.
On Gambhir: The starts were very important. Gautam and Sehwag run well and helped put a big score on the board.
On Kumble and Dada:" They are marvelous cricketers. They have done everything, they led India. When we grew up we saw them playing cricket; we didnt think we would be in the same dressing room. The youngsters will have a tough task filling their shoes. They just need to concentrate on doing their best."
Dhoni moves away from the interview and gives the trophy to Kumble and the entire team celebrate and pose with the Border Gavaskar Trophy.
The Indians get on the man-of-the-series car and drive around the ground. All the players are sitting all over the car! Cannot see who is the brave driver. Scenes reminiscent of Benson & Hedges series in 1985 when Ravi Shaz won the Audi car.
That's it then from us. On behalf of Binoy George, this is Sriram Veera signing off. Thanks for logging on through the series. Good bye and good luck! Shab Bakhair!
50.2;W;Harbhajan to Johnson, OUT And the doosra does the trick. Game over. India have won the Border Gavaskar Trophy. Fabulous win. Johnson didn't pick it up, shouldered arms and the ball turned in to hit him on the pad. Hawk eye suggests it would have missed the off stump. The Indian players converge to celebrate in a huddle of joy. Dhoni had asked Ganguly to lead the team for the last few overs. In the last Test, he had lifted Kumble on his shoulder as they went around the stadium. Meanwhile, in the here and now, Dravid puts his hand over Ganguly's shoulder.;Mitchell Johnson lbw b Harbhajan Singh 11 (22m 16b 1x4 0x6) SR: 68.75;
50.1;?;Harbhajan to Johnson, no run turns in from outside off, keeps low, pushed out to covers;
49.6;?;Mishra to White, no run low dipping full toss, turned to the on side;
49.5;?;Mishra to White, no run really full in length, on off stump line, defended to silly point;
49.4;3;Mishra to Johnson, 3 runs googly, flighted delivery and outside leg stump, Johnson paddles it between the keeper' and leg gully;
49.3;?;Mishra to Johnson, no run turning to the pads, tickled to leg gully;
49.2;1;Mishra to White, 1 run turns in quickly, pushed to backward point;
49.1;?;Mishra to White, no run full and outside off, dabbed to Rahul at first slip;
48.6;?;Harbhajan to Johnson, no run lands around the off stump, turns away and is left alone;
48.5;?;Harbhajan to Johnson, no run doosra on the middle, jabbed to the leg side;
48.4;4;Harbhajan to Johnson, FOUR runs Johnson charges down the track and heaves it over midwicket. Now he is playing a few shots.;
48.3;2;Harbhajan to Johnson, 2 runs swings across the line, against the turn and Ishant makes a fine diving stop at long leg. Ganguly applauds the effort.;
48.2;?;Harbhajan to Johnson, no run from over the stumps now, defended back to the bowler;
48.1;?;Harbhajan to Johnson, no run the doosra from round the stumps, defended on the front foot;
47.6;?;Mishra to White, no run quicker, flatter, defended to the off side;
47.5;?;Mishra to White, no run really slow through the air, tossed up on the leg stump but he is contend defending that;
47.4;?;Mishra to White, no run extra bounce from short of length, pushed to mid-on;
47.3;?;Mishra to White, no run slower in the air, outside off stump, pushed to the off side;
47.2;?;Mishra to White, no run turning from the off stump line, gets forward to push it back down the track;
47.1;?;Mishra to White, no run leans forward to defend to covers;
46.6;?;Harbhajan to Johnson, no run flighted outside off, driven to the off side of the pitch and Harbhajan makes a diving stop;
46.5;?;Harbhajan to Johnson, no run turns past the off stump, left alone;
46.4;?;Harbhajan to Johnson, no run beaten by the off break. Landed outside off, gripped the surface and spins straight to Dravid;
46.3;1;Harbhajan to White, 1 run goes back to whip it to deep midwicket;
46.2;1;Harbhajan to Johnson, 1 run short in length and punched to long-off for a single;
46.1;?;Harbhajan to Johnson, no run turns from outside off stump, left alone;

Yogesh: "Superb gesture by Dhoni. Fabulous."
 Innings Start