Data
4.58pm All in all, that's quite a fine innings from Australia. But depending on which camp you are in, you'd be a little disappointed or slightly happy with that total of 334. When Warner and Finch were going, it looked like Australia were set for 360, maybe more. But India pulled it back nicely in the end through wickets. These are short boundaries, and a decent surface, and a fine batting unit. We're in for a cracker. Back soon.
David Warner: "I wanted to take it to the bowlers, and was able to do that today. It's pretty good if bowlers miss their length but when the adjust their length, it's hard to swing through the line. We feed off each other very well. Was a bit nervous here and there, it's a team game. We thought anything over 300 would be good, but we have to bowl well."
49.6;1;Shami to Stoinis, 1 run shortish and wide, sliced to point for a run. Good finish that from Stoinis;
49.5;4;Shami to Stoinis, FOUR runs lovely batting from Stoinis. Full and straight from Shami, Stoinis flicks away over square leg with the angle of swing. A momentum-stealing over;
49.4;6;Shami to Stoinis, SIX runs a slower length delivery outside off, the legcutter, sits up for Stoinis to whack over midwicket. Short boundaries, big hit, six.;
49.3;1;Shami to Wade, 1 run terrific yorker on off, all Wade can do is chip the ball to cover and take the available single;
49.2;2;Shami to Wade, 2 runs a slower ball down leg, clipped down to deep fine leg for a couple. Good running.;
49.1;1;Shami to Stoinis, 1 run short outside off, smashed down to long-on for a run;
48.6;?;Yadav to Wade, no run two dots to finish. Good comeback from Umesh. Shortish on off, Wade can't contact and is struck on the pad.;
48.5;W;Yadav to Handscomb, OUT and bowled him off the next ball. Full and straight, seaming back in, Handscomb misses a big slog and the ball uproots off stump. Yikes. Just enough reverse swing for Shami. That's a fine cameo by a fine, young batsman;Peter Handscomb b Yadav 43 (54m 30b 3x4 1x6) SR: 143.33;
48.4;6;Yadav to Handscomb, SIX runs a slower ball outside off, Handscomb picks the variation, stays in his crease and goes weeeee over midwicket. Shot. Big hit;
48.3;4;Yadav to Handscomb, FOUR runs Rahane goes for the catch, the ball bounces in front of him and deflects off him into the boundary at the sweeper cover boundary;
48.2;1;Yadav to Stoinis, 1 run short outside off, cut to deep point. Stoinis sends Handscomb back late. A full throw to Dhoni would have had Handscomb;
48.1;2lb;Yadav to Stoinis, 2 leg byes a half stop from Dhoni, saved two. Full down leg, clips the pad. Dhoni dives to his left and gets a glove on it;
47.6;1;Shami to Stoinis, 1 run strays down leg, clipped down to fine leg for one. Should have allowed that to be a wide.;
47.5;?;Shami to Stoinis, no run full and straight, well bowled, Stoinis hurries into a defensive stroke;
47.4;1;Shami to Handscomb, 1 run a slower wide delivery outside off, under-edged to backward point. Just one more;
47.3;1;Shami to Stoinis, 1 run drifts on the pads, nudged down to fine leg;
47.2;1;Shami to Handscomb, 1 run short down leg, helped along down to fine leg, just one. Good fielding from Axar;
47.1;2;Shami to Handscomb, 2 runs a slow wide delivery outside off, driven to cover where Rohit lets it go through his feet, conceding an overthrow. An awkward bounce;
46.6;1;Yadav to Handscomb, 1 run oh gosh. A low full toss on the pads and somehow Handscomb fails to connect, off the bat or pad to square leg. Should have scored five more off that;
46.5;W;Yadav to Head, OUT taken on the deep square leg boundary. Head toe-end his heave down to the square leg boundary, where Rahane runs to his right and makes a tough catch look relatively easy;Travis Head c Rahane b Yadav 29 (55m 38b 1x4 1x6) SR: 76.31;
46.5;1w;Yadav to Head, 1 wide full and very wide outside off, left alone, wide called;
46.4;2;Yadav to Head, 2 runs just short of Rahane, who over-runs it but recovers well. A slow bouncer on middle and off, Head reaches out and flat-bats a forehand behind square leg for two;
46.3;1;Yadav to Handscomb, 1 run a short and wide legcutter, Handscomb finds deep point with a cut. Wonder if he could have done a lot more with that, place it wide, play it late;
46.2;1;Yadav to Head, 1 run a nice yorker, 132 kph, Head runs down and nudges that to deep midwicket;
46.1;6;Yadav to Head, SIX runs picks that and nails it over midwicket. A short slow delivery on off, sits up for Head, who stays in the crease and clobbers it over the boundary. Well hit;
46.1;1w;Yadav to Head, 1 wide full and very wide outside off, Head stretched out but can't reach it, wide;
45.6;1;Shami to Head, 1 run another slower ball outside off, awkwardly pulled towards midwicket;
45.5;2lb;Shami to Head, 2 leg byes a big appeal, Head is not fussed about the appeal and races back for a couple as the ball trickles to Axar at third man. Good running. That was quite close, as Head missed a big heave and was struck in front of leg.;
45.5;1w;Shami to Head, 1 wide drifts down leg, another wide;
45.4;1;Shami to Handscomb, 1 run another slower ball, Handscomb shimmies down and flicks to midwicket for one.;
45.3;1;Shami to Head, 1 run a short slow ball on middle and off, a whippy clip to deep square leg.;
45.2;1;Shami to Handscomb, 1 run a low full toss, Handscomb walks right across and works it down to deep square leg;
45.1;4;Shami to Handscomb, FOUR runs one of the shots of the day. Superb. Full outside off, the ball seaming back in. Handscomb lifts a straight drive past the bowler, mid-off is wide. Sensational ball-striking;
44.6;?;Yadav to Head, no run a slog that trickles to midwicket. All the momentum of this innings has been sucked out. A short, slow ball outside off, Head badly times this to midwicket. He has to stay till the end and make up;
44.5;1;Yadav to Handscomb, 1 run a full slower delivery on middle, driven to long-on;
44.4;2;Yadav to Handscomb, 2 runs just over midwicket. Full on leg, so badly timed that Kohli has enough time to jog around from long-on and cut it off. A fantastic dive from Kohli, saves two more. Placed well by Handscomb;
44.3;1;Yadav to Head, 1 run just short of third man. Full and wide outside off, Head looks to go over cover but can't make good enough contact. A thick outside edge lands in front of the fielder;
44.2;?;Yadav to Head, no run a short slow delivery outside off, Head misses a cut, another dot. He has effectively scored 17 runs off close to five overs, definitely not good enough;
44.1;1;Yadav to Handscomb, 1 run short on middle and leg, pulled down to fine leg. Just one;
43.6;1;Shami to Handscomb, 1 run a slower ball outside off, carved away to the sweeper cover for one. Just five off that over. Australia need a lot more;
43.5;?;Shami to Handscomb, no run good length outside off, the ball seaming back in, cut towards point. Just losing so much momentum here;
43.4;?;Shami to Handscomb, no run full and straight again, whipped to midwicket. Off the inside half of the bat;
43.3;2;Shami to Handscomb, 2 runs on the pads again, Handscomb clips behind square and saves a couple with a well-timed dive. Pulled that in just before he made contact with the boundary;
43.2;1;Shami to Head, 1 run a slower cutter, on leg, driven to long-on. Fine defensive bowling;
43.1;1;Shami to Handscomb, 1 run full and straight, Handscomb shuffles right across, nudged to deep square leg;
42.6;?;Jadhav to Head, no run another dot. Head is 16 off 27. Quick and straight, whipped to midwicket;
42.5;1;Jadhav to Handscomb, 1 run short and wide, so slow, Handscomb stays back and punches to the sweeper cover;
42.4;4;Jadhav to Handscomb, FOUR runs that's how it should be treated. A low full toss from Jadhav, Handscomb stays low and nails his slog sweep to the deep square leg boundary.;
42.3;1;Jadhav to Head, 1 run cut to the deep point fielder;
42.2;?;Jadhav to Head, no run another dot ball. Short and wide, tripe, slashed but finds point. The big shot not far away;
42.1;?;Jadhav to Head, no run short and quick, pushed back. Head consuming far too many;
41.6;1;Chahal to Head, 1 run picks the fielder on the boundary. Short on middle and off, pulled to deep midwicket for a run;
41.5;?;Chahal to Head, no run overpitched and straight, driven back to the bowler. Too many dot balls;
41.4;4;Chahal to Head, FOUR runs short, wide and cut away. Drops too short there does Chahal, Head rocks back and cuts past cover for four;
41.3;?;Chahal to Head, no run tossed up outside off, awkwardly played back towards the bowler who stops a run with a dive to his left;
41.2;1;Chahal to Handscomb, 1 run shortish outside off, nicely punched to long-off with the spin. Not a great time for Australia to be slowing down;
41.1;1;Chahal to Head, 1 run short and straight this time, Head punches down to long-on;
41.1;1w;Chahal to Head, 1 wide short and very wide outside off, left alone, wide called;
40.6;1;Jadhav to Head, 1 run short on middle and off, pulled down to long-on. Another tidy over;
40.5;?;Jadhav to Head, no run quick and straight, pushed back to the bowler;
40.4;?;Jadhav to Head, no run driven to Rohit at cover, who dives to his left;
40.3;1;Jadhav to Handscomb, 1 run too full, on the pads, whipped through to deep midwicket;
40.2;1;Jadhav to Head, 1 run on the pads, whipped down to fine leg with ease;
40.1;1;Jadhav to Handscomb, 1 run flight on leg, driven to long-on for one;
39.6;?;Shami to Head, no run good length outside off, a thick inside edge into the body;
39.5;1;Shami to Handscomb, 1 run full and straight, pushed down to long-on;
39.4;?;Shami to Handscomb, no run good length on middle and leg, seams back in, defended into the off side;
39.3;1;Shami to Head, 1 run better. Full and wide outside off, driven through to the sweeper cover this time;
39.2;?;Shami to Head, no run and again. Short around off, looks to pull but the ball is too close to him, inside-edged into the pad;
39.1;?;Shami to Head, no run awful shot selection. A good length delivery outside off, Head tries to pull through midwicket, nowhere close to contact;
38.6;1;Jadhav to Head, 1 run short and wide again, cut to deep point for one;
38.6;1w;Jadhav to Head, 1 wide strays down leg for a leg side wide;
38.5;1;Jadhav to Handscomb, 1 run flat and quick, straight, punched to long-on;
38.4;?;Jadhav to Handscomb, no run full and straight, properly defended;
38.3;1;Jadhav to Head, 1 run quick on the pads, off the bat or the glove down the leg side. Hits Dhoni's gloves and ricochets away to fine leg;
38.2;2;Jadhav to Head, 2 runs this is shortish and wide, slashed away to the deep point fielder, a couple;
38.1;?;Jadhav to Head, no run short outside off, flat, skiddy, driven to cover;
37.6;1;Yadav to Head, 1 run chipped back, just over the bowler. Short around leg, Head looks to turn this into the leg side but the ball stops on him and a thick leading edge just evades the bowler. One to mid-on;
37.5;?;Yadav to Head, no run full and straight, pushed back to the bowler;
37.4;?;Yadav to Head, no run good length outside off, pushed back to the bowler. Tidy line;
37.3;1;Yadav to Handscomb, 1 run full and straight again, nudged down to fine leg for one;
37.2;2;Yadav to Handscomb, 2 runs nicely whipped away. Too straight from Umesh and Handscomb flicks away past midwicket for a couple. Played that along the ground;
37.1;W;Yadav to Smith, OUT chipped into the hands of midwicket. Australia are falling apart quickly. On the pads from Umesh, Smith gets outside the line and just clips it into the hands of midwicket, where Kohli is lurking. This game turning around quickly again;Steven Smith c Kohli b Yadav 3 (5m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 60;
36.6;1;Jadhav to Smith, 1 run short outside off, punched to long-on from the crease;
36.6;1w;Jadhav to Smith, 1 wide Smith backs away, then gets back inside the line, Jadhav follows him and concedes the wide;
36.5;?;Jadhav to Smith, no run flat and straight, skids on, nudged to square leg;
36.4;1;Jadhav to Head, 1 run short and wide outside off, chopped away to long-off;
36.3;?;Jadhav to Head, no run tossed up outside off, driven away towards Kohli at cover, who stops it the ball with a dive to his right;
36.2;?;Jadhav to Head, no run shortish outside off, Head stays back and pushes the ball back to the bowler;
36.1;1;Jadhav to Smith, 1 run slow, slingy arm down leg, a fine tickle down to fine leg for a run;
35.6;1;Yadav to Smith, 1 run gets a gentle full toss on the pads and Smith works the ball through square leg. Great over from Umesh;
35.5;W;Yadav to Finch, OUT looks to clobber it, such bad timing that mid-on takes a sitter. A slower ball outside off, Finch looks to drag the ball from well outside off, but it's right off the toe end, and straight to mid-on. So wide that it may have been a wide had Finch let that go;Aaron Finch c Pandya b Yadav 94 (140m 96b 10x4 3x6) SR: 97.91;
35.4;?;Yadav to Finch, no run on the pads, Finch misses a flick, clips the pad en route to the keeper. Too leg side ish;
35.3;?;Yadav to Finch, no run a slower delivery outside off, pushed away towards cover. Another dot, three in a row;
35.2;?;Yadav to Finch, no run on a length, the ball seaming back in, worked away to midwicket;
35.1;?;Yadav to Finch, no run good length outside off, driven on the up to cover, stays on the back foot;
34.6;W;Jadhav to Warner, OUT flat, shortish, angling into leg stump, and Jadhav has broken the partnership! The low release means there isn't too much bounce. Clears his front leg and looks to heave it over wide long-on, but it skids on and he hits it straighter than he'd like, and doesn't get the power he'd like, ends up hitting it straight to long-on;David Warner c Patel b Jadhav 124 (134m 119b 12x4 4x6) SR: 104.2;
34.5;1;Jadhav to Finch, 1 run back of a length on off stump. Makes a bit of room and flat-bats down the ground to long-off;
34.4;1;Jadhav to Warner, 1 run tossed up full on off stump, driven to long-off;
34.3;?;Jadhav to Warner, no run full outside off, driven hard to extra-cover;
34.2;1;Jadhav to Finch, 1 run back of a length on middle and leg, punched down the ground to long-on;
34.1;6;Jadhav to Finch, SIX runs round-arm, full, angling into the pads. Finch clears his front leg and slogs it away powerfully over midwicket;
33.6;4;Axar Patel to Warner, FOUR runs shortish, closer to off stump this time, and Warner puts it away clinically. Waits on it, and then chops it away at the perfect moment to place it unstoppably to the right of the overworked off-side sweeper;
33.5;?;Axar Patel to Warner, no run quicker ball, short and well wide of off stump. Jumps across to cut but can't connect;
33.4;4;Axar Patel to Warner, FOUR runs flat length ball wide of off, and he goes on the back foot - most batsmen would have gone forward to that - and flat-bats it with immense power to beat sweeper cover diving futilely to his left;
33.3;2;Axar Patel to Warner, 2 runs back of a length outside off, slapped away through cover;
33.2;6;Axar Patel to Warner, SIX runs flat, full, angling into leg stump, and Warner's hit the roof! Just clears his front leg and swings his entire body through a mighty swipe over wide long-on. It was this close to clearing the roof and going out of the ground;
33.1;?;Axar Patel to Warner, no run shortish, wide of off, slapped to point;
32.6;1;Jadhav to Warner, 1 run again flat and short, slapped to the left of sweeper cover;
32.5;?;Jadhav to Warner, no run back of a length outside off, slapped to extra-cover;
32.4;1;Jadhav to Finch, 1 run fuller, on the pads, swept to the left of short fine leg but deep backward square leg is pretty fine too, just has to move a short distance to his right to stop it;
32.3;?;Jadhav to Finch, no run slow again, angling down leg. Sweeps hard, and ends up hitting straight to short fine leg;
32.2;1;Jadhav to Warner, 1 run slow, round-arm, short and wide. It's absolutely filthy but all he can do with it is slap it to deep point;
32.1;?;Jadhav to Warner, no run flat, angling into the pads, clipped to square leg;
31.6;1;Axar Patel to Warner, 1 run back of a length on off stump, makes a bit of room to flat-bat to long-off;
31.5;1;Axar Patel to Finch, 1 run back of a length this time, and he doesn't quite get the room he wants. Again a flat-bat slap straight to extra-cover;
31.4;?;Axar Patel to Finch, no run length ball wide of off, a bit slower. Early into the flat-bat slap and he hits it to extra-cover;
31.3;1;Axar Patel to Warner, 1 run down the track and Axar looks to cramp him by firing it at his pads. Flicks it round to short fine leg;
31.2;1;Axar Patel to Finch, 1 run back of a length on off stump, punched to sweeper cover;
31.1;2;Axar Patel to Finch, 2 runs back of a length outside off, punched to the left of sweeper cover;
30.6;?;Jadhav to Warner, no run back of a length on off stump, punched to extra-cover. Wanted the single to long-off, but Rohit dived left to intercept;
30.5;4;Jadhav to Warner, FOUR runs round-arm, very wide of off, and he takes a big step back and across and stabs it away to the right of the diving backward point to bring up his 14th ODI hundred. What a way to celebrate your 100th ODI.;
30.4;?;Jadhav to Warner, no run shortish outside off, slapped straight to backward point.;
30.3;1;Jadhav to Finch, 1 run this one's angling down leg and short fine leg dives right to stop a firm, standing sweep. Hardik the fielder;
30.2;?;Jadhav to Finch, no run ooh, that's a round-arm Malinga outswinger at the speed of a jalopy. Looks to punch into the covers, with no feet, and the ball beats his outside edge;
30.1;1;Jadhav to Warner, 1 run back of a length, angling into off stump, flat-batted down to long-off for one;
29.6;1;Axar Patel to Warner, 1 run back of a length, turns in towards the pads, worked away through square leg;
29.5;2;Axar Patel to Warner, 2 runs on the pads, tucked away through backward square leg. Throw from Shami, who runs in from the boundary, hits the stumps on the full at the bowler's end, and deflects away for an overthrow;
29.4;?;Axar Patel to Warner, no run tossed up higher on off stump, driven hard but straight back to the bowler;
29.3;?;Axar Patel to Warner, no run length ball on off stump, blocked back to the bowler;
29.2;1;Axar Patel to Finch, 1 run length ball, looks to get forward and play down the ground, gets a little inside edge that rolls into the leg side;
29.1;4;Axar Patel to Finch, FOUR runs shot! That's a flat length ball angled into middle and leg, not much turn. Just gets down low, leaning backwards to make a bit more room, and helps it away with a flat bat to the left of short fine leg;
28.6;1;Chahal to Finch, 1 run back of a length on middle stump, punched to long-on;
28.5;1;Chahal to Warner, 1 run shorter now, slapped away to deep point;
28.4;?;Chahal to Warner, no run tossed up along that wide line again. Chases it with the attempted flat-bat drive and inside-edges into the ground and then towards the keeper. Again some turn from that line;
28.3;?;Chahal to Warner, no run back of a length, sharp turn in from wide of off, punched into the covers;
28.2;1;Chahal to Finch, 1 run flat, short, wide, slapped to the left of deep point;
28.1;?;Chahal to Finch, no run back of a length on the pads, clipped to short fine leg;
27.6;1;Hardik to Finch, 1 run slower length ball angling in towards off stump. Presses forward, lets it come on, and dabs into the backward point region;
27.5;1;Hardik to Warner, 1 run length ball close to off stump, punched down the ground to long-off;
27.4;2;Hardik to Warner, 2 runs back of a length close to off stump, punched away to the right of Rahane at deep point. Bit of a misfield, the result of the batsmen putting pressure on him by pushing for two;
27.3;1lb;Hardik to Finch, 1 leg bye back of a length, a bit of inward nip too as Finch walks across, looking to work it into the leg side. Misses, hit on the pad, but it's probably a touch high. Not much of an appeal as it runs away into the square-leg region for a leg bye;
27.2;1;Hardik to Warner, 1 run back of a length, angling in towards off stump, pushes gently into the covers and calls his partner through for a single;
27.1;?;Hardik to Warner, no run length ball outside off, opens his bat face and steers to backward point;
26.6;6;Chahal to Finch, SIX runs flighted, and it's not the greatest ball. Lands right in Finch's slot outside off, gives him ample room to swing freely through the line and launch it cleanly over the long-off boundary;
26.5;1;Chahal to Warner, 1 run back of a length, turning in towards off and middle. Chopped away into the cover-point region;
26.4;?;Chahal to Warner, no run tossed up outside off. Gets on the front foot and clips to short fine leg, with the turn;
26.3;1;Chahal to Finch, 1 run back of a length, pitching on off stump and turning away. Stops on Finch slightly as he goes on the back foot. Adjusts and whips it down to long-on;
26.2;4;Chahal to Finch, FOUR runs floats this down the leg side, and that's not a great ball with fine leg up. Sweeps it in the air, to the left of that fielder, and picks up four more;
26.1;1;Chahal to Warner, 1 run tossed up outside off. Stretches out and plays a wristy flick-sweep through backward square leg;
25.6;4;Axar Patel to Finch, FOUR runs flat, angling down leg, and it's a touch short too. Finch just needs a little bit of bat on this, and he manages it, just helps it away down to the fine leg boundary;
25.5;1;Axar Patel to Warner, 1 run again, looks to cramp Warner by firing it flat onto his pads. Makes room and punches to long-off;
25.4;1;Axar Patel to Finch, 1 run flat, back of a length, angling into middle stump. Makes a bit of room and punches it past the diving bowler to long-off;
25.3;6;Axar Patel to Finch, SIX runs full on off stump, and Finch finally executes a shot he's been trying to play for a while. Unlike Chahal, Axar gives him some pace to work with, and he makes just a bit of room to loft that inside-out over cover;
25.2;1;Axar Patel to Warner, 1 run flat and full on off stump, clipped through square leg;
25.1;?;Axar Patel to Warner, no run flat, fired down leg. Looks to clip it round the corner, misses. Big appeal from Dhoni - maybe a bit of pad on the way through;
24.6;?;Chahal to Finch, no run again Finch makes a premeditated move away from leg stump. Slows it up gently and follows him outside leg. Not full enough for the drive so he looks to defend, and the ball turns past his outside edge and somehow misses leg stump.;
24.5;?;Chahal to Finch, no run flat, back of a length on leg stump, cramps Finch for room and he punches to short extra;
24.4;2;Chahal to Finch, 2 runs sees Finch looking to make room and slows it up a lot, floats it up gently. Doesn't have the pace to go over cover, so drags a sweep out to deep square leg instead, brings up fifty;
24.3;?;Chahal to Finch, no run tossed up on the pads, lands very full. Clipped to short fine leg;
24.2;1;Chahal to Warner, 1 run length ball, closer to off stump, punched down the ground to long-off;
24.1;?;Chahal to Warner, no run steps out but goes too early. Chahal tosses it wide of off stump and he reaches out to stab it to backward point;
23.6;?;Axar Patel to Finch, no run back of a length on middle stump, defended to midwicket;
23.5;?;Axar Patel to Finch, no run;
23.4;1;Axar Patel to Warner, 1 run a touch shorter outside off, chopped into the covers;
23.3;?;Axar Patel to Warner, no run flat length ball on middle stump, clipped towards midwicket;
23.2;?;Axar Patel to Warner, no run fired in flat again. Warner moves away from the stumps first, and then moves across to try and play a half-forward sweep. Misses. is hit on the pad, but it's going down leg;
23.2;1w;Axar Patel to Warner, 1 wide now he expects Warner to make that premeditated movement and fires it down the leg side. Warner stays where he is and it's called wide;
23.1;?;Axar Patel to Warner, no run flat length ball on leg stump - he saw Warner setting up to make himself room. Punched into the covers;
22.6;1;Chahal to Warner, 1 run short, wide, slapped to deep point;
22.5;1;Chahal to Finch, 1 run on the pads, clipped quietly towards backward square leg;
22.4;?;Chahal to Finch, no run flat length ball on middle stump, blocked back towards the bowler;
22.3;?;Chahal to Finch, no run length ball on off stump, driven to short cover;
22.2;4b;Chahal to Finch, 4 byes Finch misses, Dhoni misses, and that runs away for four byes. Looked to clear his front leg and launch that over mid-on, and the ball turned less than he expected. Went between bat and pad, and his back leg dragged itself out of the crease. The lack of turn has beaten Dhoni too - a missed stumping.;
22.1;1;Chahal to Warner, 1 run back of a length outside off, chopped down towards backward point;
21.6;?;Axar Patel to Finch, no run angled in with a lower arm, pitches just back of a length. Goes back to punch to short cover;
21.5;?;Axar Patel to Finch, no run flat length ball on middle stump, clipped to midwicket;
21.4;1;Axar Patel to Warner, 1 run flat again, on the stumps, clipped down the ground to long-on;
21.3;?;Axar Patel to Warner, no run fired in flat, angling slightly down leg. Nowhere near short enough to pull - he was looking to turn it around the corner with a horizontal-ish bat - and he's hit on the pad. Not the loudest lbw appeal, he knew it was heading down leg;
21.2;?;Axar Patel to Warner, no run down the track to one bowled slightly slower on off stump. Doesn't get to the pitch, punches it back to the bowler;
21.1;?;Axar Patel to Warner, no run flat length ball on off stump, goes back and across to work it to square leg;
20.6;1;Chahal to Warner, 1 run tossed up slower, lands on a good length on middle stump and turns into Warner, who gets forward to work it through square leg;
20.5;?;Chahal to Warner, no run flat on the pads, clipped to midwicket;
20.4;2;Chahal to Warner, 2 runs a tiny bit of width, and Warner makes a bit more room and slaps it away, off the back foot, through backward point;
20.3;1;Chahal to Finch, 1 run length ball pitching on middle and turning away, makes room and slaps it away to sweeper cover, past Kohli, who moves to his left from extra-cover but doesn't get down in time to stop it;
20.2;1;Chahal to Warner, 1 run full on off stump, driven to long-off;
20.1;6;Chahal to Warner, SIX runs down the track and that's six more. Not much Chahal can do about this. He looked to bowl it a little shorter, at his body, and not give him swinging room, and he just clears his front leg and swats it away over square midwicket;
19.6;?;Axar Patel to Finch, no run flat, and he goes back, plays the trajectory rather than the actual length, which isn't short enough to pull. Inside-edges it and drags it a short distance into the leg side. Could easily have played on there;
19.5;?;Axar Patel to Finch, no run length ball angled in towards off stump, slightly lower arm on this. Defended towards point;
19.4;1;Axar Patel to Warner, 1 run down the track now, gets to the pitch of a slightly tossed-up off-stump ball and whips to long-on;
19.3;?;Axar Patel to Warner, no run a bit slower on off stump, gets forward to push down the ground, towards long-on, and Axar moves quickly to his left to intercept;
19.2;?;Axar Patel to Warner, no run length ball, goes on the back foot again, Axar gives him no room and he clips towards midwicket;
19.1;?;Axar Patel to Warner, no run back of a length, turning in towards middle and off, defended to midwicket;
18.6;1;Chahal to Warner, 1 run flat, back of a length, goes back and works it off his pads through square leg;
18.5;?;Chahal to Warner, no run slows it down and gets some turn, rips in and hits the pad as he comes half-forward to defend. Clearly headed down leg, so not much of an appeal;
18.4;2;Chahal to Warner, 2 runs goes back to a length ball that's only inches outside off stump and plays a controlled cut through cover point. Most batsmen would have played that off the front foot, into the covers;
18.3;?;Chahal to Warner, no run quicker ball on middle and off, defended without too much footwork back to the bowler;
18.2;6;Chahal to Warner, SIX runs tossed up on leg stump, and Warner gets down low, front leg planted just next to the line, to slog-sweep hard and flat over midwicket;
18.1;1;Chahal to Finch, 1 run back of a length, angling into the pads, tucked away to the left of short fine leg;
18.1;1w;Chahal to Finch, 1 wide flat, angling down leg. Finch can't get bat on it as he tries to glance;
17.6;1;Hardik to Finch, 1 run goes wide of the crease to angle a length ball towards off stump. Finch shows the full face and pushes it down the ground, past the diving bowler, and mid-off moves right to stop it;
17.5;?;Hardik to Finch, no run length ball outside off stump, presses forward to drive towards cover. Was in the air for a moment, but he was more or less in control of his shot;
17.4;2;Hardik to Finch, 2 runs full, a lot of width, Finch throws his hands at it and opens his bat face slightly to get the placement he desires, a fair distance to the left of Axar at sweeper cover;
17.3;1;Hardik to Warner, 1 run full, a fair bit outside off stump this time. Warner eases it away towards deep point after shuffling across;
17.2;?;Hardik to Warner, no run back of a length, angling across towards off stump, chopped down towards short cover;
17.1;4;Hardik to Warner, FOUR runs overpitched on off stump, and that's a good stop from Umesh at long-off, sprinting hard and sliding to his left after Warner shows it the full face and sends it racing towards the boundary. Is it a clean save, or has his foot touched the rope? Replays indicate it's the latter. Still, a good effort from the fast bowler;
16.6;?;Chahal to Finch, no run good end, quick on leg, pushed back to the bowler and that will be drinks;
16.5;1;Chahal to Warner, 1 run lots of flight on that outside off, driven to long-off;
16.4;?;Chahal to Warner, no run short outside off, pushed away to cover;
16.3;1lb;Chahal to Finch, 1 leg bye short down leg, off the pad down to short fine leg. Already going on the defensive in terms of flight;
16.2;1;Chahal to Warner, 1 run shortish around off, pulled down to long-on;
16.1;?;Chahal to Warner, no run full and straight, pushed back to the bowler;
15.6;1;Hardik to Warner, 1 run short and wide, slashed down to third man for one;
15.5;?;Hardik to Warner, no run another slow straight delivery, driven away to cover;
15.4;1;Hardik to Finch, 1 run a slower ball outside off, driven to the sweeper cover;
15.3;1;Hardik to Warner, 1 run a slower wide delivery outside off, cut away towards extra cover for a run;
15.2;2;Hardik to Warner, 2 runs on the pads, flicked away through midwicket for a couple more;
15.1;1;Hardik to Finch, 1 run good length outside off, driven towards cover for a tight run;
14.6;?;Axar Patel to Warner, no run clipped to midwicket;
14.5;4;Axar Patel to Warner, FOUR runs that's Warner's fifty. Short and wide from Axar, Warner sits back and crashes a cut through point. Too easy;
14.4;6;Axar Patel to Warner, SIX runs picks the length early and smashed. Short on middle, Warner picks the length early and nails his pull over midwicket. Six;
14.3;?;Axar Patel to Warner, no run the big reverse sweep. Flat on middle, Warner switches his stance, not his hands, finds third man;
14.2;?;Axar Patel to Warner, no run short outside off, defended watchfully. Tight lines these from Axar;
14.1;?;Axar Patel to Warner, no run flat and straight again, nudged to midwicket;
13.6;1;Hardik to Warner, 1 run good length outside off, punched away to the sweeper cover for one;
13.5;1;Hardik to Finch, 1 run good length delivery outside off, nicely hit through point for one. Sweeper cover runs around;
13.4;?;Hardik to Finch, no run good length around off, outside-edged towards point;
13.3;1;Hardik to Warner, 1 run short and wide outside off, slashed to the deep point fielder;
13.3;1w;Hardik to Warner, 1 wide another poor delivery, starts it too straight, drifts down leg. Dhoni stops the ball but rolls over it as he falls over. Ouch;
13.2;?;Hardik to Warner, no run full and straight, the ball moving in, driven back to the bowler;
13.1;?;Hardik to Warner, no run drifts on the pads again, Warner misses some runs, off the pad to short fine leg;
12.6;1;Axar Patel to Warner, 1 run on the pads, easily worked towards square leg;
12.5;4;Axar Patel to Warner, FOUR runs poor delivery. Short and wide this time from Axar, Warner races back and nails his cut through point;
12.4;?;Axar Patel to Warner, no run quick outside off, still no turn, played towards point;
12.3;1;Axar Patel to Finch, 1 run short on middle and leg, pushed to long-on for a run;
12.2;1;Axar Patel to Warner, 1 run quick outside off, darted in, driven to long-off;
12.1;1;Axar Patel to Finch, 1 run full outside off, stabbed into the cover region for one. Nice timing;
11.6;1;Hardik to Finch, 1 run smashed through cover again, a slower delivery. The cover fielder gets around this time;
11.5;?;Hardik to Finch, no run 133 kph, good length outside off, defended;
11.4;1;Hardik to Warner, 1 run superbly hit, but mid-off does well. Good length outside off, pushed through cover, Umesh runs around to his right;
11.3;1;Hardik to Finch, 1 run a shortish delivery on the pads, nudged to midwicket;
11.2;4;Hardik to Finch, FOUR runs beautifully played. A shortish delivery outside off, not very pacey, Finch stands back and drills a drive through cover. No chance for the sweeper cover running around;
11.1;1;Hardik to Warner, 1 run short and wide outside off, nailed away to the sweeper cover;
11.1;1w;Hardik to Warner, 1 wide wow, that was waaay down leg, wide. Dhoni saved four by moving quickly;
10.6;?;Axar Patel to Finch, no run short on middle and off, driven back to the bowler from the crease;
10.5;1;Axar Patel to Warner, 1 run short outside off, sits up for Warner to push to long-off;
10.4;?;Axar Patel to Warner, no run runs at Axar this time, but the length is terrific, worked to midwicket from the crease;
10.3;?;Axar Patel to Warner, no run short outside off, driven towards cover. No turn.;
10.2;?;Axar Patel to Warner, no run quick outside off, watchfully defended into the cover region;
10.1;?;Axar Patel to Warner, no run flat and wide to start, pushed to cover from the crease;
9.6;4;Yadav to Finch, FOUR runs nicely played. Full and wide outside off, Finch just leans on a drive and sends it into the gap at cover. Fantastic timing;
9.5;?;Yadav to Finch, no run 141 kph, on a length on middle and leg, worked to midwicket;
9.4;1;Yadav to Warner, 1 run shortish outside off, pushed to mid-off for a quick single. Makes it easily;
9.3;?;Yadav to Warner, no run on the pads, worked away to square leg this time;
9.2;4;Yadav to Warner, FOUR runs in the gap this time, short and wide outside off, powered through cover for four. Just a slap;
9.1;4;Yadav to Warner, FOUR runs that was poor. Short and wide from Umesh, chopped away to point. Pandey runs to his left and lets it go, Pandya runs to his right and lets it go. The ball goes through for four.;
8.6;?;Shami to Finch, no run good length outside off, punched to cover from the crease.;
8.5;1;Shami to Warner, 1 run a slower delivery on middle and leg, clipped to square leg;
8.4;?;Shami to Warner, no run short on middle and leg, a half pull to square leg. Well played, kept it down;
8.3;?;Shami to Warner, no run a slower ball outside off, carved away to extra cover;
8.2;?;Shami to Warner, no run good length, around middle and off, pushed to Kohli again. No run there;
8.1;?;Shami to Warner, no run a slower ball around off, driven to Kohli at cover who has an unnecessary throw at the bowler's end. Softening the ball;
7.6;?;Yadav to Finch, no run full and straight, worked away to midwicket;
7.5;4;Yadav to Finch, FOUR runs guided down to the third man boundary. A slower ball outside off, Finch opens his bat face and guides the ball down to the third man boundary. Nicely played;
7.4;?;Yadav to Finch, no run good length around off, pushed away towards mid-on;
7.3;?;Yadav to Finch, no run a slower ball around off, defended into the cover region. Dug that in, sat up;
7.2;?;Yadav to Finch, no run full outside off, defended into the cover region;
7.1;?;Yadav to Finch, no run late movement. Full outside off, Finch goes chasing but luckily for him, doesn't catch up with it. Beaten on the edge;
6.6;?;Shami to Warner, no run a yorker to finish, 142 kph, pushed back to the bowler.;
6.5;?;Shami to Warner, no run 139 kph, digs this in short on off, Warner think of pulling but bails out late.;
6.4;?;Shami to Warner, no run 146 kph, full around off, driven away towards Kohli at cover. India chasing the game already;
6.3;4;Shami to Warner, FOUR runs poor delivery. Short on middle and leg, pulled away merrily through square leg. Too easy;
6.2;1;Shami to Finch, 1 run Australia have respected that length, why move from there? Good length outside off, sliced towards backward point where Pandey dives to his left;
6.1;4;Shami to Finch, FOUR runs that raced away. 141 kph, full delivery on off, Finch wants to go over mid-off but the ball skews off the inside half through square leg.;
5.6;1;Yadav to Finch, 1 run hurries Finch for pace. A nice short ball down leg, Finch is late on his pull, gloves it down to fine leg;
5.6;1w;Yadav to Finch, 1 wide drifts down leg for a wide, 130 kph;
5.5;?;Yadav to Finch, no run oh no, short and wide at 127 kph, Finch doesn't find his timing but finds cover with a slap;
5.4;?;Yadav to Finch, no run good from Umesh. On a length around off, blocked back. Keep it there for the rest of the over, make Finch make the play;
5.3;1lb;Yadav to Warner, 1 leg bye a slower ball, drifts down leg, wayward line again, 118 kph, off the pad down to fine leg;
5.2;?;Yadav to Warner, no run drags his length back right away. That's where he should have been off the first ball. Full on off, defended towards cover;
5.1;4;Yadav to Warner, FOUR runs 141 kph, Umesh is too full and as soon as it is, Warner goes over the infield. Full outside off, Warner gets under the length and lifts the ball comfortably over mid-off. Not great timing but enough;
4.6;?;Shami to Finch, no run maiden for Shami. India's best over so far. Full outside off, Finch strides forward and drives to mid-off. Found his length there, helped by a good field from Kohli/Dhoni;
4.5;?;Shami to Finch, no run terrific over so far. On a length outside off, forcing Finch to defend;
4.4;?;Shami to Finch, no run width. Not a lot, which means Finch can only go at it with an angled bat (45 degrees as opposed to the routine 90), and finds a short point;
4.3;?;Shami to Finch, no run excellent from Shami, much much better. Fuller than a good length is the perfect length to most batsmen, Finch in particular who likes to stay back. Defended back;
4.2;?;Shami to Finch, no run full and straight, pushed to mid-on. Finch wants one, but quick singles are not easy here because of the pace of the outfield.;
4.1;?;Shami to Finch, no run full outside off, Finch drives hard into the ground towards cover;
3.6;1;Yadav to Finch, 1 run another awful delivery. Short and very wide, Finch can't connect cleanly with his cut, the ball trickles towards mid-off;
3.5;?;Yadav to Finch, no run good length on middle and leg, nudged to square leg;
3.5;1w;Yadav to Finch, 1 wide drifts down leg this time, wide. 137 kph, Umesh struggling. Bowling two lengths and two lines;
3.4;4;Yadav to Finch, FOUR runs poor delivery. India's new ball bowlers looking very rusty. A slower delivery on the pads, flicked through square leg for four. Focussed on timing, not power.;
3.3;?;Yadav to Finch, no run adjusts his line straightaway. Straighter and fullish, worked into the leg side;
3.2;4;Yadav to Finch, FOUR runs that's a lot, lot better. Just timed away. Short and wide, Finch watches the ball onto his bat, transfers his weight into the ball and punches his push through extra cover;
3.1;?;Yadav to Finch, no run ooh, that's tripe. Short and wide, swinging away. Finch wants to hammer through the line, without feet movement, chopped back up the pitch;
2.6;4;Shami to Warner, FOUR runs a thick outside edge and no catching up with that on this outfield. Full and wide, Warner plays the line, but some angle takes the ball away, taking the edge. Wide of gully and too fine for a square third man.;
2.5;?;Shami to Warner, no run full on off, Warner runs at the bowler and clips him away to mid-on. Trying to put Shami off his length.;
2.4;?;Shami to Warner, no run fullish outside off, defended into the cover region;
2.3;?;Shami to Warner, no run fullish length around middle, the perfect length, Warner doesn't know whether to come forward or go back. A thick inside edge hits his pad;
2.2;2;Shami to Warner, 2 runs on the pads this time, adjusts his length, but the line isn't great. Clipped through square leg.;
2.1;4;Shami to Warner, FOUR runs beautiful. Just a straight bat and put away. That is the right length for the overhead conditions but the wrong length for this pitch. Full outside off, checking if there is swing. Hardly any, and Warner can drive through mid-off;
1.6;?;Yadav to Finch, no run full and straight, skewed to midwicket with a closed bat face;
1.5;1;Yadav to Warner, 1 run ooh, sloppy from Kohli. Good length outside off, punched towards Kohli at cover who gets to his left but fumbles, allowing a run;
1.4;1;Yadav to Finch, 1 run a thick outside edge down to third man. Full outside off, Finch plays the line. Umesh gets some away movement;
1.3;2;Yadav to Finch, 2 runs races away down to fine leg. Nothing wrong with this outfield. On the pads. and Finch flicks away down to fine leg. Shami races to his right to save two. Good running too;
1.2;?;Yadav to Finch, no run carries at ankle height this time. Full and wide outside off, left alone. Just a hint of away shape;
1.1;?;Yadav to Finch, no run nice start from Umesh, full and wide outside off, plenty of away shape. 133 kph, lands well short of Dhoni. Not good signs these;
0.6;?;Shami to Warner, no run short and wide, a touch of width, chopped into the cover region. Not going to be easy to execute cross-batted strokes with variable bounce;
0.5;?;Shami to Warner, no run tight line, around middle and leg, defended into the leg side;
0.4;1;Shami to Finch, 1 run there are signs already of low bounce. Short and wide outside off, Finch cuts, his under-edge goes towards Dhoni who can't stop the ball cleanly. Bounced awkwardly in front of him too.;
0.3;?;Shami to Finch, no run full delivery outside off, seaming back in, left alone;
0.2;4;Shami to Finch, FOUR runs creamed. Swing for Shami, overpitched and wide outside off. Finch strides forward and nails his square drive through point.;
0.1;?;Shami to Finch, no run full outside off to start, no swing, driven hard to mid-off. Not great timing.;

Warner and Finch vs India's new new-ball pair. Shami will start off.
1.25pm Out come the players for the national anthems. Both teams will really enjoy these pleasant weather conditions. It has, and will be, overcast.
In football news, last year's AFC Cup runners-up Bengaluru FC remain in contention for yet another final despite a narrow 1-0 loss against Tajikistan's Istiklol's FC last night. Here's more on that match on our sister site espn.in.
1.15pm This is Yuzvendra Chahal's home ground in the IPL, and he wants to build on the success he has enjoyed here.
Harini Venkatar: "Intrigued by what convinces Kohli to keep Jadhav in the team. Hasn't bowled in this series nor scored much. Could have given Rahul a chance in his place."
VImal: "They decide to rest Maxwell! Sometimes i feel the australian selectors have a thing against him. Handscomb looked totally out of water in ODI last couple of games." Surprised as well with Maxwell's exclusion, he looked like he had a plan at least against the spinners. But Handscomb has had one game this series, can't drop him after that.
1.00pm Australia win the toss and elect to bat
Steven Smith: The wicket has changed since they re-did the ground, hopefully can make use of the surface first. Two changes, Wade comes back in for Maxwell and Zampa is in for Agar."
Virat Kohli: "It's much more dry than the last season of IPL in 2016. Think it has to do with levelling the field, taking off the clay. We would have batted first, but not a bad thing, under lights, the pitch settles. We want to grab every opportunity, good habits are tough to create. We have given a few guys a rest. Kuldeep, Bumrah and Bhuvneshwar are out, Umesh Yadav, Mohammed Shami and Axar Patel come in."
12.50pm Apart from the cricket, are you a football fan as well? Take ESPN's FANtastic survey and you could be among the 20 lucky ones to win exciting memorabilia.
Srihari: "Will the captain winning the toss opt to Bat or Field first, considering the possibility of rain during the game?" It's a tough one, I'm a big bowl-first person in T20s. This may or may not come down to a 20-over affair, but I'd like to be prepared, just like how England were yesterday. Boy, what a comeback from Mo and Jos. I would bowl, but not surprised if they want to bat first if the pitch gets slower later.
Mustafa Moudi: "Finch with just one inning is the highest Run-Scorer for Australia in this series which tells story of how other Aussies Batsmen are lagging behind. Unless others will contribute,they wont be winning the remaining matches as well."
12.45pm The toss isn't too far away. Till then, here's the preview. And here's Dan Brettig delving deep into the heart of Australia's collapses.
And Alagappan Muthu has an early update from the Chinnaswamy: "Some serious prep work going on in the Indian camp. Kuldeep Yadav is bowling left-arm pace and Jasprit Bumrah is bowling left-arm wristspin. As amusing as that is, when coupled with the fact that Mohammed Shami and Umesh Yadav have marked their run-ups on the centre wicket, it would seem India are all set to experiment."
Jishan: "I think Bengaluru being a small ground and Zampa back in Aus XI Pandya will be looking to finally get his maiden ODI century and break record for hitting most sixes in an innings." I wouldn't under-estimate a wristspinner, any wristspinner.
Nihir: "Weather looks good , A Bit cloudy doesn't look threatening. No parking place in 1 km Diameter "
Clinton Bill Ku: "What are the chances of rain intervening the game?" Around a 50% chance of rain through the afternoon. Short, but very sharp bursts of rain in the afternoon over the last couple of days.
Dhaval: "With the series in the bag and with the overcast conditions, won't hurt to give Shami a go resting either Chahal or Kuldeep. If you need a spin, golden arm of Jadhav is always there. "
Snehil : "Considering that this is Virat Kohli's RCB's home ground it's quite strange that it's his worst home venue in ODI's. I hope he comes good today with a record century as that would be perfect for India's maiden ten-match winning streak in ODI's."
12.30pm Steven Smith with his hands flailing, the Australia bowlers with their hands on their heads and their batsmen walking back after yet another error, these are images seen far too many times in Australia's recent ODI history. But in this series at least, they have been easily outplayed by the world's best ODI team in conditions they have played in their entire lives. Australia have bowled first, batted first, and done both well in periods, but you have to be at your best for the entirety of a game to topple India here. Australia will be hoping for fourth time lucky as the series moves to the unpredictability of Bengaluru for game 4.
Why I say unpredictable is because of the underfoot and overhead conditions, both are variables going into this game. The surface for the IPL was relaid, and it did not bounce, nor did it carry, but it spun and seamed, atypical conditions for Bengaluru. And the weather, well, overcast and grey. I don't think we'll see the sun today at all. The main cover is on currently, but it is dry, more a precautionary measure.
Harijith : "Suprising to see every country of the top-8 teams except India not having won odi matches in a row... Fingers crossed for today."
 Innings Start
9.55pm And that is that. A good win for Australia, turns around some pretty ordinary away form, and a few things to ponder for India ahead of the final ODI, which is in Nagpur on Sunday. Be sure to join us for that game. Until then, goodbye!
David Warner is the Player of the Match: "Feels fantastic. Put a great smile on our face, winning this game tonight. It's been tough for us on the road lately. A few misdemeanors back in the day, so didn't get my chance [on the previous tour]. Getting to play in India, and play my 100th ODI, is pretty special. Winning, you gain some momentum, and the way the guys played with the bat today was fantastic."
Steven Smith: "Nice to get a win in. Thought Aaron Finch and David Warner were spectacular up top. They hit the boundaries when they wanted to, and set us up to get 330. Thought we were having one of our little collapses, but Peter Handscomb batted well to get us up to 330. I thought we were a little bit too wide with the new ball, could have been straighter, but the bowlers pulled it back nicely towards the back end."
Virat Kohli: "At the 30-over mark they were going pretty strong, I thought it would be a great effort to restrict them to under 350, and we did that. We were pretty optimistic. Got a pretty good opening partnership, but we needed one big partnership, chasing 330, which we didn't get. People have off days. Umesh and Shami bowled well, they were getting the ball to reverse in their second spells. The spinners won't always have good days. Sometimes you have to sit back and say the opposition played well. The only respite for the fast bowlers was taking the pace off the ball - it was pretty close to the old Bangalore wicket."
Nikhil: "Think the batting order has let India down,sending Hardik up the order was a good move from Hardik's point of view,but Dhoni at 7 isn't working anymore he need a bit of time to flourish which is justified,Pandey at 4 and Pandya at 7 is the way to go forward in spite of Pandya's heroics with the bat." -- Maybe, maybe.
9.41pm After 11 straight defeats in completed matches away from home, Australia have finally won one, and won it comfortably in the end, by 22 runs. India's winning streak ends at nine matches - they've equalled their previous best, but not bettered it. They were in this chase right till the last 3-4 overs, with a big opening partnership followed by some good middle-order contributions, but in the end 335 was a touch too far out of reach.
The three big heroes for Australia are their three frontline seamers: six wickets between them, and all of them went at less than 6 an over while defending 335. That is gold.
49.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Shami, no run back of a length outside off, Shami swings and misses, looking for the big drive over the covers;
49.5;4;Coulter-Nile to Shami, FOUR runs shot. Waist-high full-toss on middle and leg, and he moves away from the stumps to make a bit of swinging room and club it away over midwicket. The umpire suggests it's just below waist high;
49.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Yadav, 1 run full on off stump, whipped in the air, on the bounce, to midwicket;
49.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Shami, 1 run full on middle stump, swiped down to long-on;
49.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Yadav, 1 run length ball outside off, slashed to sweeper cover;
49.1;W;Coulter-Nile to Axar Patel, OUT length ball on off stump and Axar holes out. A good-looking straight bat loft down the ground, but he doesn't quite get enough on it to clear long-on;Axar Patel c sub (GJ Maxwell) b Coulter-Nile 5 (15m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 83.33;
48.6;?;Cummins to Shami, no run sees him backing away from the stumps and sends down a yorker that doesn't miss leg stump by much, after Shami jabs at it in vain;
48.5;1;Cummins to Axar Patel, 1 run back of a length on leg stump. Looks to whip it against the angle, gets a leading edge that loops up and drops into no-man's land in front of deep square leg running in;
48.4;2;Cummins to Axar Patel, 2 runs shortish on leg stump, tucked away towards deep square leg;
48.3;?;Cummins to Axar Patel, no run back of a length, angling across towards middle stump, blocked back to the bowler;
48.2;1;Cummins to Shami, 1 run back of a length on middle stump. Moves away from leg stump to make room to swipe down to long-on;
48.1;1;Cummins to Axar Patel, 1 run length ball on middle and off, only manages to push towards extra cover and pick up one;
47.6;?;Kane Richardson to Shami, no run slower short ball, angling down leg. Not the greatest of balls to bowl with fine leg inside the circle, but Shami only manages to swat it straight to that fielder;
47.5;W;Kane Richardson to Dhoni, OUT bowled him! He's really not got to grips with Richardson's slower one, and he's dragged this on. Was on the cards, given how much he was hitting across these balls. Back of a length, closer to off stump this time. Goes for the big swipe over the leg side, only manages an inside-edge onto his stumps;MS Dhoni b Richardson 13 (12m 10b 1x4 1x6) SR: 130;
47.4;6;Kane Richardson to Dhoni, SIX runs short outside off, and Dhoni's flat-batted it for six! Finally gets some leverage, some width, and he just slaps it away over the covers;
47.3;?;Kane Richardson to Dhoni, no run slower ball, fullish outside off. Another huge slog from Dhoni, loses his shape, and nearly inside-edges into his off stump. Wade dives left to make sure it doesn't run away behind him;
47.2;?;Kane Richardson to Dhoni, no run slower ball wide of off stump, flat-batted hard but straight to extra-cover;
47.1;?;Kane Richardson to Dhoni, no run shortish, too close to off stump to get the kind of power he wants with the cut. Straight to backward point;
46.6;1;Cummins to Dhoni, 1 run again a big step across his stumps. Cummins digs it in, just back of a length, angling into the body, and Dhoni swivels to pull to long leg;
46.5;?;Cummins to Dhoni, no run short, rising ball. Too close to off stump to cut, and he's off his feet and he inside-edges down into the ground, not far from off stump;
46.4;?;Cummins to Dhoni, no run down the track and he has an almighty heave across this short ball. Inside-edges past leg stump, and Wade throws himself to his left to stop it;
46.3;4;Cummins to Dhoni, FOUR runs back of a length, angling down leg, and Dhoni tucks it away fine, too fine for the man at fine leg to stop. Don't know if Cummins was a little put off by Dhoni's initial movement across the stumps;
46.2;1;Cummins to Axar Patel, 1 run length ball slanting across towards off stump. Pushes at it uncertainly, his feet aren't quite moving yet, and gets an outside edge down to third man;
46.1;W;Cummins to Pandey, OUT bowled him! Top of leg stump, and the Chinnaswamy goes utterly silent. Back of a length, not quite short enough to pull. Skids through, sneaks under, and the bails go flashing;Manish Pandey b Cummins 33 (40m 25b 3x4 1x6) SR: 132;
45.6;2;Kane Richardson to Dhoni, 2 runs full on middle and leg, clipped away through square leg and the batsmen hurry through for two;
45.5;1;Kane Richardson to Pandey, 1 run down the track, making himself a bit of room. Doesn't quite nail the yorker and it's a driveable full ball on off stump. Drilled down the ground powerfully, but long-off moves quickly to his right to ensure it doesn't go for four;
45.4;W;Kane Richardson to Jadhav, OUT another slower ball, Jadhav goes after it, but he really doesn't manage to keep his shape. Had to fetch it from well outside off, and his bottom hand came off as he went through with the shot. Skewed off the outside half of his bat and Finch completes a simple catch at long-off;Kedar Jadhav c Finch b Richardson 67 (95m 69b 7x4 1x6) SR: 97.1;
45.3;2;Kane Richardson to Jadhav, 2 runs slower ball, full and wide, dragged down the ground to long-on. Wanted the big slog but it was too full to get any elevation. The throw at the bowler's end, from Warner, is fumbled by Richardson, and they sneak an overthrow;
45.2;1;Kane Richardson to Pandey, 1 run now Richardson nails a yorker, on middle and leg. Gets his feet out of the way and stabs it away into the point region;
45.1;1;Kane Richardson to Jadhav, 1 run full-toss on off stump, flat-batted down to long-off;
44.6;1lb;Cummins to Jadhav, 1 leg bye out of his crease again and he gets a bit of inward nip with this back-of-a-length ball. Sneaks under the attempted horizontal-bat swat and hits his pad, high up;
44.5;?;Cummins to Jadhav, no run excellent bowling. This time Jadhav stepped out of his crease, and he nails a yorker right at his feet. Jams down to keep it out;
44.4;?;Cummins to Jadhav, no run set himself up for a similar ball, going deep in his crease with his back foot. Cummins cramped him for room this time, angling a back-of-a-length ball in towards middle stump. Chops it down into the pitch;
44.3;4;Cummins to Jadhav, FOUR runs short, wide, and cracked away. Such fast hands, and it screams away to the right of the diving backward point fielder;
44.2;1;Cummins to Pandey, 1 run back of a length close to off stump, dabbed down to third man;
44.1;2;Cummins to Pandey, 2 runs shortish, close to off stump, makes some room and slaps it away to the left of deep point. Placed it sufficiently wide of that fielder to pick up two. Coulter-Nile was the man in the deep - he moved a little late, because initially it looked like Handscomb would move right from backward point and stop it, but he didn't quite reach the ball;
43.6;1;Kane Richardson to Pandey, 1 run full-toss, stump-high, on off stump. Makes a bit of room and dabs to the right of backward point, where Head makes a good diving stop;
43.5;1;Kane Richardson to Jadhav, 1 run well bowled. Saw Jadhav shuffling across to off stump and sent down a yorker right by his toes.Jams his bat down to squeeze it out to long-on;
43.4;1;Kane Richardson to Pandey, 1 run full outside off, stabbed to deep point;
43.3;1;Kane Richardson to Jadhav, 1 run back of a length angling into off stump, pushed to the right of extra-cover with a straight bat, another single;
43.2;1;Kane Richardson to Pandey, 1 run full on off stump, pushed down the ground to long-off, another slower ball;
43.1;?;Kane Richardson to Pandey, no run starts with a slower ball, full and just outside off. Looks to squeeze it square through point, but can't connect;
42.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Jadhav, no run down the track once more and Coulter-Nile sends down a clever slower short ball. Through his pull too soon and it hits him on the right hip;
42.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Jadhav, no run walks across towards off stump and a step down the pitch as well. Clips the off-stump length ball to midwicket;
42.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Pandey, 1 run full on off stump again, jabbed down to long-on for one;
42.3;6;Coulter-Nile to Pandey, SIX runs wham! That's full on off stump, and he's cleared his front foot and simply flicked it over the midwicket boundary. What a shot that is! Almost a helicopter shot, without the full flourishing Dhoni finish;
42.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Jadhav, 1 run length ball, and he uses his wrists to meet that on a fourth-stump line and whip it through backward square leg;
42.1;2;Coulter-Nile to Jadhav, 2 runs bouncer, and Jadhav isn't in a great position for the hook. Needs to meet it above his right shoulder. Loops up in the air but falls safely in front of the man coming in from the long leg boundary. They manage to run two as well;
41.6;4;Zampa to Pandey, FOUR runs down the track again, and this time Pandey puts it away. A difficult shot, because he fired it flat and full at his feet, and he had to quickly get his front leg out of the way to bring his bat down. He manages that, and whips it away hard, so hard it beats long-on's desperate dive to his right;
41.5;1;Zampa to Jadhav, 1 run down the track and it's too flat and quick to get any elevation. Drags his slog along the ground to deep midwicket;
41.4;1;Zampa to Pandey, 1 run flat, short, and he goes deep in his crease to whip-pull to deep backward square leg. Wasn't quite short enough for the full-blooded arms-extended pull;
41.3;1;Zampa to Jadhav, 1 run full on middle and leg, clipped to the left of short fine leg;
41.2;1lb;Zampa to Pandey, 1 leg bye a touch short, angling down leg. Not short enough to pull. Looks to help it fine but can't put bat to ball. Only hits his upraised front pad, and rolls away for a leg bye towards fine leg. Belatedly, Smith as decided to review for lbw, but no way is that lbw. I haven't even seen the replays,and I know impact was outside leg stump and it was missing leg by a long way. I KNOW THIS. Pitching outside, impact outside, missing. Players need to be fined for reviews like this.;
41.1;4;Zampa to Pandey, FOUR runs down the track comes Pandey, and Zampa is under pressure at the start of the over. Some flight, wide of off stump, and he gets underneath it and drives inside-out over cover;
40.6;4;Coulter-Nile to Jadhav, FOUR runs shot! Down the track again and now Coulter-Nile bowls it in his area, full and angling into off stump. Brings his wrists into play to whip it away to the right of midwicket and bring up his fifty;
40.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Pandey, 1 run back of a length on off stump, lets it come on and jabs to the right of backward point;
40.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Pandey, no run length ball angling into middle stump, clipped to midwicket;
40.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Jadhav, 1 run there he goes again, striding out of his crease. Coulter-Nile digs it in short outside off, and he lets it come on and dabs to third man;
40.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Pandey, 1 run fullish outside off, and Pandey plays a checked drive - he almost seemed to pull out of the shot - and ends up getting a thick outside edge down to third man;
40.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Pandey, no run back of a length outside off, flat-batted to mid-off;
39.6;?;Zampa to Jadhav, no run length ball on middle stump, presses forward and blocks back towards the bowler;
39.5;1;Zampa to Pandey, 1 run again some flight, full outside off, driven in the air, on the bounce, to long-off;
39.4;1;Zampa to Jadhav, 1 run tossed up full outside off, driven to sweeper cover;
39.3;1;Zampa to Pandey, 1 run tossed up outside off, driven with a wristy whip to sweeper cover;
39.2;4;Zampa to Pandey, FOUR runs bad ball. Tosses it up and ends up bowling a knee-high full-toss. Clears his front leg and swats it away to the forward square leg boundary;
39.1;?;Zampa to Pandey, no run goes back to a length ball on middle and off, and it straightens rather than turn away sharply. Jams his bat down to defend into the off side - it was very nearly back pad before bat;
38.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Jadhav, no run length ball outside off, pushed towards extra-cover;
38.5;1lb;Coulter-Nile to Pandey, 1 leg bye shortish, angling into the body, and he tucks it off his hip into the square leg region. Loses his footing as he sets off for a single, and he stumbles onto the floor and loses his bat before finally managing to jog to the other end;
38.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Jadhav, 1 run shuffles out of his crease again, and this time he gets the wide length ball, which he guides down to third man with an open bat face;
38.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Jadhav, no run down the track again. This time he shortens his length and angles it into the body, cramping Jadhav for room. Drops it down into the pitch with soft hands, but no chance of a quick single;
38.2;4;Coulter-Nile to Jadhav, FOUR runs down the track again, and this time he gets the length he wants. Just back of a length, and he plays a front-foot swipe into the gap between mid-on and midwicket;
38.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Jadhav, no run sees Jadhav stepping out and bowls it short outside off. Hops to ride the bounce, and dabs towards backward point;
37.6;1;Zampa to Jadhav, 1 run tossed up on off stump, gets down low to drag a slog-sweep along the ground to the left of deep square leg;
37.5;?;Zampa to Jadhav, no run ooh, good ball. And they've gone to the third umpire for a stumping appeal! Goes back to a length ball and he's beaten trying to late-cut. A bit of extra bounce on that. He didn't move out of the crease, but momentarily moved his back foot forward - he dragged it rather than lift it, however, and he's pretty much safe;
37.4;?;Zampa to Jadhav, no run flatter, on off stump, gets on the front foot and dabs towards backward point;
37.3;?;Zampa to Jadhav, no run wide length ball, slapped to backward point;
37.2;1;Zampa to Pandey, 1 run shortish, close to off stump, goes back to chop it to the right of backward point and gets off the mark first ball;
37.1;W;Zampa to Hardik, OUT miscued, and that's a massive wicket! That was not the right length for the big hit, Zampa dragged it fairly short and flat. Pitches on off stump, turns away further, and Pandya's attempted slog over mid-on skews off the outside half of the bat and settles in long-off's hands;Hardik Pandya c Warner b Zampa 41 (64m 40b 1x4 3x6) SR: 102.5;
36.6;1;Kane Richardson to Hardik, 1 run fullish on off stump, and this time mid-off is right on the edge of the 30-yard circle, so they run a single despite Pandya driving straight to the man;
36.5;1;Kane Richardson to Jadhav, 1 run back of a length outside off, Jadhav shuffles forward even before the bowler releases, opens his bat face, and stabs to backward point. He's right on the edge of the circle, so they run a fairly comfortable single;
36.4;1;Kane Richardson to Hardik, 1 run length ball on middle and off, driven to long-on;
36.3;1;Kane Richardson to Jadhav, 1 run shuffles across to off stump and Richardson responds with a full ball on middle. Clipped to deep square leg;
36.2;1;Kane Richardson to Hardik, 1 run back of a length, angling into the body, tucked off the hip to the left of fine leg;
36.1;?;Kane Richardson to Hardik, no run ooh, not the right length. Back of a length, fourth-stump line. Bounces over his outside edge as he clears his front leg and tries to launch it over mid-on;
35.6;1;Zampa to Hardik, 1 run flat length ball on middle and leg, shows the full face to push down to long-on;
35.5;1;Zampa to Jadhav, 1 run he doesn't throw it up. It's flat and shortish outside off, and Jadhav slaps it to deep point;
35.4;?;Zampa to Jadhav, no run flighty full-toss on off stump, driven straight to short extra-cover;
35.3;?;Zampa to Jadhav, no run back of a length on middle stump, pushed through flat. Clipped towards midwicket;
35.2;?;Zampa to Jadhav, no run goes back to a length ball turning from leg to off. Defends into the off side;
35.1;?;Zampa to Jadhav, no run slowly tossed up on off stump, turning away. Jadhav is too early into his sweep and the ball hits his hip;
34.6;?;Kane Richardson to Hardik, no run length ball on off stump, punched to short extra-cover;
34.5;?;Kane Richardson to Hardik, no run back of a length outside off, dabbed to short third man - was maybe looking to beat him to his left;
34.4;?;Kane Richardson to Hardik, no run back of a length close to off stump. Looks for the pushed single but extra-cover charges forward, towards the ball to deny him;
34.3;?;Kane Richardson to Hardik, no run slower ball outside off, and it beats Pandya, who opens his bat face and looks to guide it down to third man;
34.2;4;Kane Richardson to Hardik, FOUR runs overpitched on leg stump, and Pandya just needs to place that. He does that nicely, flicks it away into the big gap to the left of long leg;
34.1;1;Kane Richardson to Jadhav, 1 run length ball angling in towards off stump, defended towards point and they sprint through for a quick single. That man Smith has dived in and flicked a direct hit at the keeper's end, but Pandya was well home by then;
33.6;1;Stoinis to Jadhav, 1 run on the pads this time and Jadhav flicks him away through square leg for one.;
33.5;?;Stoinis to Jadhav, no run full outside off, defended back this time;
33.4;6;Stoinis to Jadhav, SIX runs lovely shot from Jadhav. Comes down to Stoinis, it's full and wide, and Jadhav goes through with the stroke. clean swing through the line, way over long-off. Superb hit from Jadhav;
33.3;1;Stoinis to Hardik, 1 run good length outside off, skewed away off the outside half to deep point;
33.2;1;Stoinis to Jadhav, 1 run full and straight, whipped away to deep square leg for one;
33.1;?;Stoinis to Jadhav, no run full outside off, defended back;
32.6;1;Cummins to Jadhav, 1 run shortish and wide outside off, a calm dab down to third man for one;
32.6;1w;Cummins to Jadhav, 1 wide strays down the leg side, another wide, another extra;
32.5;?;Cummins to Jadhav, no run good length outside off, played down to point. Another dot. Fantastic bowling from Cummins;
32.4;?;Cummins to Jadhav, no run full around off, worked away to mid-on, the ball coming back in again;
32.3;?;Cummins to Jadhav, no run fullish around off, the ball comes back in, defended back. Nice line;
32.2;?;Cummins to Jadhav, no run full outside off, played down quietly towards point;
32.1;1;Cummins to Hardik, 1 run full outside off, driven up to Warner at mid-off, good single from these two;
31.6;4;Stoinis to Jadhav, FOUR runs four more. Short and wide outside off, Jadhav nails his cut behind point for another boundary. Fantastic placement from Jadhav;
31.5;4;Stoinis to Jadhav, FOUR runs that will be four. 131 kph, short on off, hammered through square leg with a terrific pull, played that early and fine enough for four behind square.;
31.4;?;Stoinis to Jadhav, no run comes down the pitch, looking to hit that straight but the ball skews off the inside edge into the pad;
31.3;1;Stoinis to Hardik, 1 run good length outside off, a thick outside edge down to third man.;
31.2;1;Stoinis to Jadhav, 1 run shortish around off, Jadhav gets an under-edge on his pull towards square leg;
31.1;?;Stoinis to Jadhav, no run full outside off, driven back to the bowler;
30.6;1;Cummins to Jadhav, 1 run full outside off, a thick outside edge towards Smith at point, a half-stop again, one run;
30.5;4;Cummins to Jadhav, FOUR runs a thick under-edged past the keeper and into the boundary. Short and wide outside off, Jadhav is late on the ball but gets enough bat to beat the keeper. Finch runs around from third man but can't quite haul it in;
30.5;2w;Cummins to Hardik, 2 wide drifts down leg this time. Bounces awkwardly in front of Wade, who half-stops it. Good from Jadhav to steal the bye;
30.4;?;Cummins to Hardik, no run a short slow delivery outside off, Pandya tries to dab that down again but makes no connection. Cummins hurrying these two;
30.3;1;Cummins to Jadhav, 1 run full around off, Jadhav comes down the pitch and shovels a flick to square leg for one;
30.2;?;Cummins to Jadhav, no run good length outside off, played to Smith at backward point;
30.1;1;Cummins to Hardik, 1 run good length outside off, a dab down to third man for one;
29.6;1;Stoinis to Hardik, 1 run finely played. Good length outside off, a deft dab to third man. Pandya wants two and Jadhav doesn't. At least, it was a loud clear call;
29.5;1;Stoinis to Jadhav, 1 run full outside off, Jadhav has a leaden-footed drive at that and gets one to midwicket;
29.4;?;Stoinis to Jadhav, no run Smith stops a run again. Full and wide outside off, guided to backward point where Smith dives away to his left to save another run.;
29.3;4;Stoinis to Jadhav, FOUR runs 131 kph, short on middle, sits up for Jadhav to merrily pull over midwicket for four. Easy as ... Poor ball;
29.2;?;Stoinis to Jadhav, no run good length outside off, tapped to backward point;
29.1;1;Stoinis to Hardik, 1 run full and wide outside off, Pandya leans into his drive for a run to the sweeper cover;
28.6;?;Cummins to Jadhav, no run beauty. Full delivery outside off, the ball seams away or holds its line, beaten on the outside edge as Jadhav plays the line;
28.5;1;Cummins to Hardik, 1 run full outside off, pushed away towards extra cover for one. Think he feels he is set;
28.4;?;Cummins to Hardik, no run good length outside off, carved towards backward point;
28.3;?;Cummins to Hardik, no run on the pads, 146 kph, seams back in. Pandya gets to the ball late, and is clattered on the thigh pad, just under the actual protection.;
28.2;?;Cummins to Hardik, no run full outside off, defended towards cover;
28.1;1;Cummins to Jadhav, 1 run good length on the pads, nudged down to fine leg for a run;
27.6;?;Zampa to Hardik, no run flat end, towards off, dabbed towards point;
27.5;6;Zampa to Hardik, SIX runs and again. Zampa bowls this wider outside off, tempting Pandya, who says I have a wide repertoire and drills a hard drive over cover. Keeps going and clears the boundary easily;
27.4;6;Zampa to Hardik, SIX runs clears midwicket. It's just slightly short outside off, Pandya stays in his crease and nails his whipped jab over midwicket. How did he get so much power behind that?;
27.3;1;Zampa to Jadhav, 1 run fine stop from Richardson at third man. Short and wide, Jadhav cuts that into the gap. The fielder saves three;
27.2;1;Zampa to Hardik, 1 run looks to go over cover this time, but the ball drifts on, takes the inside half and makes its way to long-on;
27.1;1;Zampa to Jadhav, 1 run short and straight, the batsman made the error of thinking that flipper was a bad ball, pulled to long-on;
26.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Hardik, no run full and straight from Coulter-Nile, pushed back to the bowler with a straight bat. Nice over;
26.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Jadhav, 1 run good length on the pads, nudged to deep square leg for one. Most of these deliveries will go in this area;
26.4;2;Coulter-Nile to Jadhav, 2 runs full and straight, coming back in, whipped to deep backward square leg for a couple.;
26.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Hardik, 1 run dabs this down to third man, an angled bat;
26.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Hardik, no run full outside off, driven to mid-off. Staying slightly leg side of the ball, which is the right way to play the ball coming in;
26.1;2;Coulter-Nile to Hardik, 2 runs lovely whip past midwicket. Full and straight, Pandya clips the ball past the fielder. Cummins puts in a boundary-saving dive running around from deep square leg. Should have been three;
25.6;1;Zampa to Hardik, 1 run flight outside off, driven to long-off. Stayed calm there did Pandya, didn't let his instinct take over;
25.5;?;Zampa to Hardik, no run short and wide from Zampa, goes under the bat;
25.4;?;Zampa to Hardik, no run bowled quicker and flatter on middle and leg, pushed back to the bowler;
25.3;?;Zampa to Hardik, no run flight outside off, loads of it, Pandya stays calm, guides this to short third man;
25.2;1;Zampa to Jadhav, 1 run lots of flight outside off, driven away to the sweeper cover for one;
25.1;1;Zampa to Hardik, 1 run flat on off, shovelled to midwicket from the crease;
24.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Jadhav, no run full on off, driven to mid-on;
24.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Hardik, 1 run on the pads, whipped down to fine leg for one;
24.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Jadhav, 1 run good length outside off, dabbed down to third man;
24.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Jadhav, no run good length on middle, the ball coming back in again, inside-edged into the body;
24.2;W;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, OUT happens again. Kohli has done it again, it was always going to happen and I think Coulter-Nile was playing for that. Good length outside off, the ball seaming back in, Kohli tries to dab this down to third man, but it takes the inside edge and hits the off stump. That's another error from Kohli, and the worst thing is he has repeated the mistake from Kolkata. It is a nice shot to a ball that is slightly wide and when the ball isn't seaming in.;Virat Kohli b Coulter-Nile 21 (23m 21b 3x4 0x6) SR: 100;
24.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, no run good length outside off, chopped back to the bowler, didn't time that;
23.6;6;Head to Hardik, SIX runs yikes, watch out those snoozing in the high stands. Flight on off, Pandya gets underneath the delivery and nails his slog sweep waaaaaaay over wide long-on. Massive;
23.5;1;Head to Kohli, 1 run nudged to long-on;
23.4;4;Head to Kohli, FOUR runs just wide of cover. In the air, but safe. Full and wide from Head, drills a drive wide of cover. His timing does the rest, fantastic timing;
23.3;1;Head to Hardik, 1 run full and straight, driven to long-on;
23.2;?;Head to Hardik, no run short on middle and leg, worked to midwicket;
23.1;?;Head to Hardik, no run beaten on the outside edge is Pandya. Full and wide, drifts on to beat the outside edge.;
22.6;W;Kane Richardson to Kohli, OUT and Rohit is run-out! Steven Smith makes the run-out with a sensational dive. A short delivery outside off, Kohli guides the ball down to backward point, where Smith dives away to his left to stop the ball. He then has a throw at the batsman's end, where Rohit and Kohli are both vying to make the crease. Head is backing up at midwicket, picks up, and throws the ball back to the bowler, who takes off the bails. Unfortunate for Rohit, Kohli was run-out here when Rohit hit that double-hundred in 2013. That's how it goes;Rohit Sharma run out (Smith/Handscomb/Richardson) 65 (93m 55b 1x4 5x6) SR: 118.18;
22.5;1;Kane Richardson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run full on off and middle, driven to long-on;
22.4;1;Kane Richardson to Kohli, 1 run shortish outside off, opens the bat face and guides it down to third man for a run.;
22.3;1;Kane Richardson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run on a length and straight, nudged to deep midwicket for a run;
22.2;1;Kane Richardson to Kohli, 1 run and again, this time, drives to a deep-ish mid-on for one;
22.1;4;Kane Richardson to Kohli, FOUR runs that bottom hand again. Full and straight, Kohli steps out and whips the ball through midwicket, between midwicket and mid-on. Just that bottom-hand power;
21.6;?;Head to Rohit Sharma, no run full outside off, nudged to midwicket;
21.5;6;Head to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs shot! Fantastic execution from Rohit. Runs down, gets to the pitch, gets underneath and goes through with a clean swing, right over the bowler's head. Lovely stroke;
21.4;?;Head to Rohit Sharma, no run short and quick, shovelled off the inside half to midwicket;
21.3;1;Head to Kohli, 1 run flight outside off, whipped to long-on for one;
21.2;?;Head to Kohli, no run short outside off, spins back in, Kohli goes back and cuts to cover;
21.1;1;Head to Rohit Sharma, 1 run short on middle, Rohit stays back and pushes his punch to long-off;
20.6;?;Kane Richardson to Kohli, no run full and straight, defended back. Tidy over;
20.5;1;Kane Richardson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run good length outside off, punched nicely on the up to the deep fielder at cover;
20.4;?;Kane Richardson to Rohit Sharma, no run nice line, good length around off, pushed to mid-on;
20.3;1;Kane Richardson to Kohli, 1 run a very risky stroke, but he plays it quite well. Short outside off, Kohli chops it down to third man. Always the risk of chopping on too, like game 2 in Kolkata;
20.2;1;Kane Richardson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run good length around off, nudged towards square leg;
20.1;1;Kane Richardson to Kohli, 1 run full and straight, Kohli runs at the bowler and mis-times a drive to the sweeper cover;
19.6;1;Head to Kohli, 1 run dropped! It's a half-chance, but Australia need to take those. Short outside off, the ball turning in, Kohli stays in his crease and nervously pokes at it, off the toe end to Head's left in his follow-through. He gets there but drops the chance.;
19.5;1;Head to Rohit Sharma, 1 run full on the pads again, driven to long-on;
19.4;1;Head to Kohli, 1 run driven nicely with the spin to long-on for a run;
19.3;?;Head to Kohli, no run full on off, a thick leading edged goes towards cover;
19.2;4;Head to Kohli, FOUR runs fantastic batting. Stoinis labours after it, puts in a dive but can't haul it in. Short outside off, plays the late cut very very late and gets it past short third man;
19.1;?;Head to Kohli, no run overpitched on off, jammed back;
18.6;1;Kane Richardson to Kohli, 1 run a deft dab down to third man to get off the mark, he likes that shot;
18.5;?;Kane Richardson to Kohli, no run full and straight, the ball seaming in, defended;
18.4;?;Kane Richardson to Kohli, no run a nice short delivery to greet him. A bouncer on leg, Kohli ducks;
18.3;1;Kane Richardson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run good length outside off, dabbed down to backward point. A wild cheer as Kohli comes on strike;
18.2;W;Kane Richardson to Rahane, OUT finds Finch at long-on and India lose their first. A good length delivery on leg, Rahane comes running down to hit Richardson over mid-off, but the ball skews off the inside half and goes straight to Finch. Did not want to hit that so wide.;Ajinkya Rahane c Finch b Richardson 53 (75m 66b 6x4 1x6) SR: 80.3;
18.1;?;Kane Richardson to Rahane, no run good length on middle and leg, nudged to Stoinis at midwicket;
17.6;1;Head to Rahane, 1 run fuller now, clipped down to long-on;
17.5;?;Head to Rahane, no run manufactures a shorter length than it actually was by stepping deep in his crease, but can't punch this one past cover point;
17.4;1;Head to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of a length, turns in towards middle and leg. Gets his legs out of the way and punches to long-on;
17.3;?;Head to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball on off and middle, defended with the turn towards midwicket;
17.2;1;Head to Rahane, 1 run down the track comes Rahane this time, gets a bit too close to the pitch of a flat, middle-stumpish ball, and swipes it to deep midwicket, along the ground;
17.1;?;Head to Rahane, no run shortish, a bit of width, slapped to cover point;
16.6;6;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs and another. Flighted ball on off stump, and Rohit brings up his fifty and the century opening stand with another monster slog-sweep over wide long-on;
16.5;?;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, no run excellent follow-up. Flight and dip outside off, and Rohit, pressing forward to defend, is beaten by the legbreak;
16.4;6;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs doesn't matter what this ball was, legbreak, googly, flipper or a new invention. Just sees a bit of flight outside off and he gets down on one knee, moving his front leg out of the way to give him some swinging room, and slog-sweeps high and hard over wide long-on;
16.3;?;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, no run googly - I'm not sure Rohit really picked this. Shaped for the drive to long-off, and then checked himself and defended back to the bowler, off the inside half of the bat;
16.2;1;Zampa to Rahane, 1 run flatter now, on middle and leg, flicked through square leg;
16.1;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run dips onto a nice length on middle stump, stretches out and works it into the square leg region;
15.6;?;Head to Rahane, no run goes back to a quick length ball on off stump, defends it back towards the bowler;
15.5;1;Head to Rohit Sharma, 1 run full on off stump, clipped to long-on;
15.4;1;Head to Rahane, 1 run tossed up outside off, gets a nice stride forward to drive to long-off and bring up his third fifty in a row;
15.3;1;Head to Rohit Sharma, 1 run down the track and Head shortens his length slightly. Rohit clips it down the ground, to the left of long-on;
15.2;?;Head to Rohit Sharma, no run ooh. Not short enough to cut and it skids on straight to beat the outside edge;
15.1;1;Head to Rahane, 1 run back of a length, turns in towards off stump. Rahane makes a bit of room and punches to long-off;
14.6;?;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, no run very full on middle and off, Rohit plays an inside-out jab and short extra-cover stops it with a dive;
14.5;1;Zampa to Rahane, 1 run full outside off, chipped in the air, on the bounce, to the left of long-off;
14.4;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run length ball close to off stump, lets it come on and dabs gently to the left of short third man;
14.3;1;Zampa to Rahane, 1 run fuller, on off stump, clipped to long-on;
14.2;?;Zampa to Rahane, no run quickish, back of a length, hurries through and doesn't give Rahane enough time for a proper punch, ends up defending into the covers;
14.1;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run flighted ball on off stump, driven to long-on;
13.6;1;Head to Rohit Sharma, 1 run fuller now, looks for a clipped drive to long-on for one, and he gets his single, after the bowler moves to his right and gets a hand to the ball but fails to fully intercept it;
13.5;?;Head to Rohit Sharma, no run quickish offbreak, a bit of turn and extra bounce towards leg stump. Defended towards midwicket, with the bottom hand coming off the handle;
13.4;?;Head to Rohit Sharma, no run short and wide, Rohit slaps it straight to cover point;
13.3;2;Head to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs down the track, meets this flighted, wide-ish ball on the full, and drives to the left of long-off;
13.2;?;Head to Rohit Sharma, no run fullish on off stump, a bit of drift away, defended into the covers;
13.1;1;Head to Rahane, 1 run back of a length, turns in towards middle stump, goes back to whip to deep midwicket;
12.6;1;Zampa to Rahane, 1 run tossed up close to off stump, driven to long-off;
12.5;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run shortish outside off, chopped to deep point;
12.4;1;Zampa to Rahane, 1 run another short ball, this time Rahane goes deeper in his crease to pull. Hits it over midwicket and deep square leg moves to his left to stop it at the boundary;
12.3;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run long-hop outside off, pulled to long-on. It didn't bounce as much as he expected - I think he was initially looking to pull that over midwicket;
12.2;?;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, no run goes back to a flat length ball on middle and off, defends to short extra;
12.1;1;Zampa to Rahane, 1 run tossed up full on middle and off, driven to long-off;
11.6;1;Finch to Rahane, 1 run short ball outside off, stops on Rahane, and he waits and waits and waits some more before pulling to deep midwicket;
11.5;?;Stoinis to Rahane, no run length ball close to off stump, shows the full face, looking for a push to long-on. Finch moves quickly to his left from midwicket to intercept;
11.4;1;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of a length on middle stump, tucked away to deep square leg;
11.3;1;Stoinis to Rahane, 1 run length ball on middle stump, clipped to deep square leg;
11.2;?;Stoinis to Rahane, no run length ball angling into off stump, clipped to midwicket;
11.1;?;Stoinis to Rahane, no run back of a length outside off, and Rahane punches crisply off the back foot. Once again, Smith dives from backward point to make a super stop, this time he goes to his right;
10.6;?;Kane Richardson to Rohit Sharma, no run shortish, close to off stump. Again it stops a bit, and Rohit defends towards backward point;
10.5;?;Kane Richardson to Rohit Sharma, no run on the fuller side of a good length, angling in towards off stump. Rohit shapes to drive, but the ball stops on him, and he checks his shot and defends towards mid-off. Looked like the cross-seam release;
10.4;1;Kane Richardson to Rahane, 1 run shortish outside off, punched to deep point;
10.3;1;Kane Richardson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of a length, fourth-stump line, guided down to third man;
10.2;1;Kane Richardson to Rahane, 1 run fullish outside off, driven to deep point;
10.1;1;Kane Richardson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run full, angling into off stump, shows the full face for a push down to long-on;
9.6;1;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of a length close to off stump. Lets it come on, angles his bat face just so, and the ball simply hits it and rolls down to third man;
9.5;1;Stoinis to Rahane, 1 run back of a length, angling into off and middle, whipped away through square leg;
9.4;?;Stoinis to Rahane, no run back of a length close to off stump, defended back to the bowler;
9.3;?;Stoinis to Rahane, no run back of a length on off stump. Stops on Rahane slightly. Punched towards mid-on;
9.2;?;Stoinis to Rahane, no run width again, fuller this time. Strides forward and drives to cover point;
9.1;4;Stoinis to Rahane, FOUR runs and he starts with a short, wide, rubbish ball that Rahane cracks away through point with a flashing square-cut;
8.6;1;Kane Richardson to Rahane, 1 run back of a length outside off, opens his bat face and dabs into the point region;
8.5;4;Kane Richardson to Rahane, FOUR runs now it's Rahane's turn to pull. Short ball just outside off stump, and he puts it away over straight midwicket. I think he was waiting for that length, and he pounced as soon as he spotted one slightly short;
8.4;?;Kane Richardson to Rahane, no run back of a length outside off, and again Smith moves quickly to his left from backward point and denies Rahane that single to third man;
8.3;1;Kane Richardson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of a length, fifth-stump line, steered down to third man;
8.2;6;Kane Richardson to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs another short ball on off stump, another Rohit Sharma pull, another ball sails into the stands. Again, just that press forward, then he leans back and swats it away, just in front of square;
8.1;?;Kane Richardson to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length, angling into off stump, defended into the on side;
7.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, no run length ball angling in towards off stump, defended into the extra-cover region;
7.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, no run back of a length close to off stump, punched to mid-off;
7.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, 1 run shortish outside off, gets into that forward-press position and slaps it away to the right of third man;
7.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, 1 run back of a length outside off, steered down to third man. It seemed to stop and keep slightly low, but he adjusted well, dipping slightly at the knees;
7.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, no run length ball angling into off stump, clipped to midwicket;
7.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, no run very full outside off, in the blockhole, jabbed towards mid-off;
6.6;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball, fourth-stump line, defended to short extra-cover;
6.5;1lb;Cummins to Rahane, 1 leg bye ooh. Maybe a bit of inward nip. Back of a length, and he was looking to work that from just outside off stump through square leg. The ball beats his inside edge and rolls towards third man off his back thigh;
6.4;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run back of a length close to off stump, defended towards backward point. He was looking for one but it went to the fielder too quickly for that;
6.3;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run back of a length on off stump, blocked back to the bowler;
6.2;4;Cummins to Rahane, FOUR runs oh man, he's really timing it today. It's shortish, and it's on a fourth-stump line. A pretty decent ball, but he just stays leg-side of it, deliberately, opens his bat face, and sends it racing away to the right of third man;
6.1;1;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, 1 run ooh, risky shot. It's back of a length, angling into middle stump or thereabouts, and he gets a premeditated stride in, forward and across, looking for a scoop over short fine leg. Misses, and it hits his thigh pad. Too short for an lbw, so the appeal isn't particularly confident;
5.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, no run fullish outside off, and again Rahane flows forward, this time for a crisp drive to mid-off;
5.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, no run fuller now, confident stride forward to defend towards cover point;
5.4;6;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, SIX runs bang! He can play these sorts of shots when he's in the mood, and the ball was right there for it. So much width, just back of a length, and he takes a step forward and slaps it up and over cover point;
5.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, no run oh man. That ball sneaks past the thigh pad as Rahane attempts a little glance towards fine leg, and it just misses off stump. That's how far across the stumps he moved in premeditation;
5.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, no run back of a length on off stump, defends it back to the bowler;
5.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, no run fullish, fairly wide of off. Gets a nice stride towards the ball and opens his bat face to adjust for the away movement, steers that to the left of backward point and Smith makes another diving stop;
4.6;1;Cummins to Rahane, 1 run back of a length close to off stump, opens his bat face to guide it down to third man;
4.5;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run shortish, not too much width. Gets on his toes to punch to cover point;
4.4;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run shortish, angling into Rahane's front hip. Can't put bat to ball as he tries to tuck it fine, ends up hitting his body and rolling towards the man at square leg;
4.3;1;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of a length close to off stump. Lets it come on and drops it into the point region with soft hands and calls Rahane through for a quick single;
4.2;6;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs short ball, sits up at just around stomach height outside off stump, and you don't bowl those to Rohit Sharma. Has all the time in the world to lean back and swivel through his hips to pull it over midwicket;
4.1;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length, angling into middle stump. Lets it come on and tucks it towards square leg;
3.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, no run length ball, fifth-stump line, a tiny bit of shape away. Rahane leaves it alone;
3.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, no run back of a length close to off stump. Looks for the dabbed single to third man but the ball stops on him and hits the inside edge and ricochets towards his feet;
3.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, 1 run shortish, some width again. Reaches out and stabs it to third man;
3.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run nice length, and he gets a bit of outswing too. Started it a bit wider to entice Rohit into a drive away from his body, but he just ignores it;
3.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length, much closer to off stump this time. Lets it come on and defends with soft hands towards backward point;
3.1;4;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs short, wide, gets on his toes and flays it away to the right of cover point;
2.6;1;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of a length, a hint of inward movement towards off stump. Lets it come on and pushes to the right of mid-on with a straight bat;
2.5;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length on off stump, defended to short extra-cover;
2.4;2;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs length ball, a touch too straight, angling into middle and leg, clipped to the right of square leg and this time the man at fine leg is stationed squarer, more towards long leg, so Rohit only gets two runs for his shot;
2.3;1;Cummins to Rahane, 1 run back of a length close to off stump, lets it come on and dabs to third man;
2.2;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run length ball on off stump, stops on Rahane slightly. Adjusts and blocks to mid-on with a straight bat;
2.1;4;Cummins to Rahane, FOUR runs full on middle stump, and Rahane puts it away easily, clipping it away through backward square leg, a long way from the man at fine leg;

Safir: "The last time these two sides played an ODI in Bangalore, Rohit Sharma scored a double hundred if I'm not wrong." -- You're not wrong at all.
 Innings Start
Australia
India
4th ODI (D/N), Bengaluru, Sep 28 2017, Australia tour of India
334/5
313/8
Player of the match is David Warner, AUS
Australia won by 21 runs
