Data
4.57pm Australia have continued to struggle in the end overs. All they could muster is 32 runs off the last six overs, substantially below par, even though this surface is slightly two-paced. It seemed, after the start, that Australia set themselves up for 300 again, but yet again, another absolute struggle towards the end overs. Pace off the ball, cutters, the quicker delivery, that's what Australia need, and hope that it can reverse swing later. Back in a bit.
49.6;W;Bhuvneshwar to Coulter-Nile, OUT misses a full, straight ball. 138 kph, full on off, Coulter-Nile winds up and looks to unfurl a big swing, but fails to connect at all. The off stump is uprooted;Nathan Coulter-Nile b Kumar 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
49.5;W;Bhuvneshwar to Faulkner, 1 run, OUT run-out! A 123 kph slower ball wide outside off, Faulkner can only mis-time it to long-on, he wants to retain strike for the final ball, and runs back but was never going to make it. Dhoni collects the ball and removes the bails with Faulkner a foot short;James Faulkner run out (Pandya/?Dhoni) 12 (27m 17b 0x4 0x6) SR: 70.58;
49.4;1;Bhuvneshwar to Cummins, 1 run full and straight again, all Cummins can do is drive to long-on, with the direction of swing. Another single;
49.3;1;Bhuvneshwar to Faulkner, 1 run full and wide outside off, Faulkner reaches out but can only find the sweeper cover.;
49.2;1;Bhuvneshwar to Cummins, 1 run good length on off, slapped away to deep midwicket. Pandey is quick on it. Just one;
49.1;1;Bhuvneshwar to Faulkner, 1 run dropped by Pandya. A low full toss from Bhuvi, Faulkner smashes it to long-on, where Pandya runs in, but drops it. Couldn't keep up with his momentum;
48.6;W;Bumrah to Wade, OUT 135 kph, straight to the sweeper cover. Just five off that. A low full toss outside off, Wade gets underneath that but can only slice it away to the man on the sweeper boundary. Wade tried but that's a slightly under-par cameo;Matthew Wade c Rahane b Bumrah 20 (29m 18b 0x4 1x6) SR: 111.11;
48.5;1;Bumrah to Faulkner, 1 run mis-timed badly to long-on. A low full toss again, Faulkner can only bunt it away to long-on. Wade struggling to catch his breath back;
48.4;1;Bumrah to Wade, 1 run looked like the bat went as far as the ball. Wade runs down, converts the yorker into a low full toss and squeezed that to deep point for one. Bat and ball lands safely;
48.3;1;Bumrah to Faulkner, 1 run a wide slower ball outside off, mis-timed to cover for another single.;
48.2;1;Bumrah to Wade, 1 run full and straight, a miscued loft to long-on, on the bounce;
48.1;1;Bumrah to Faulkner, 1 run full and straight, skewed away to midwicket. Faulkner races back for the second, Wade looks and sends Faulkner back far too late. The throw to the bowler lands in front of Bumrah who allows it go by, allowing Faulkner to run back to make his crease. Sloppy;
47.6;1;Bhuvneshwar to Faulkner, 1 run terrific bowling, another low full toss, driven to long-on. 12 off it, a decent over for Australia;
47.5;1;Bhuvneshwar to Wade, 1 run a fine low full toss on off, driven away to long-off, just one. India will be happy with this;
47.4;2;Bhuvneshwar to Wade, 2 runs good idea, decent execution. Wanted to hit that over square leg, the slower ball on leg, Wade got that over square leg but not enough power behind it. A couple;
47.3;1;Bhuvneshwar to Faulkner, 1 run a low full toss on middle and leg, driven back to Wade, who had to hurry out of the way. Pandya gets across from long-on;
47.2;1;Bhuvneshwar to Wade, 1 run good yorker there. On middle and off, jammed back to the bowler who parries it away while diving to his right;
47.1;6;Bhuvneshwar to Wade, SIX runs he has hit that well enough. Full and wide outside off, Wade gets underneath the length and gets enough power to clear mid-off. Tried to hit that over cover, but all muscle;
46.6;1;Bumrah to Wade, 1 run another slower delivery to finish, 119 kph, on off, worked to square leg. Just six off that over;
46.5;2;Bumrah to Wade, 2 runs wow, a lucky two. A slower ball down leg, Wade is too early through his flick, toe-ends it away to deep midwicket. Bumrah chases after it, two easy;
46.4;1;Bumrah to Faulkner, 1 run a yorker on leg, nudged to deep midwicket, just the one again.;
46.3;1;Bumrah to Wade, 1 run full on off, skewed away to deep point for one. The ball moving away late;
46.2;?;Bumrah to Wade, no run 138 kph, looking for the paddle scoop. A yorker on off, Wade toe-ends it back again.;
46.1;1;Bumrah to Faulkner, 1 run good length on off, muscled to mid-off for one. Wanted more than one;
39.6;4;Kuldeep to Stoinis, FOUR runs there is no one there. The googly, short and wide, the ball rips and spins away from Stoinis, who goes deep in the crease and slashes it in the gap at extra cover. That's terrific batting, Kuldeep though Stoinis was coming down;
39.5;1;Kuldeep to Head, 1 run short and wide, the stock ball, slashed to the sweeper cover;
39.4;1;Kuldeep to Stoinis, 1 run doesn't quite get to the pitch. Australia probably attacking this last over of the second Powerplay. Stoinis runs down and skews a lofted drive to deep midwicket;
39.3;?;Kuldeep to Stoinis, no run runs down at the bowler, but Kuldeep's googly is shorter, so Stoinis adjusts and keeps it out;
39.2;4;Kuldeep to Stoinis, FOUR runs in the gap. Stoinis definitely has the ability to hit the ball, like this. Flight on middle and leg, Stoinis gets low and creams an uppish sweep in the gap at square leg;
39.1;1;Kuldeep to Head, 1 run nails the slog sweep, but finds deep midwicket running to his right. Lots of flight on middle and off, hammered by Head;
38.6;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run full and wide outside off, dabbed to point. Struggling to hit the gaps consistently;
38.5;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run full and straight, Stoinis plays with an angled bat, and the ball skews back to the bowler;
38.4;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run lovely line. 132 kph, outside off, fuller than a good length. The ball zips past the outside edge. Lands well in front of Dhoni again;
38.3;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run a terrific yorker, on middle and leg. Stoinis jams it out just in time;
38.2;1;Bumrah to Head, 1 run full and wide outside off, a thick outside edge down to third man;
38.1;?;Bumrah to Head, no run fullish length outside off, Head fails to connect with a slap. Bounces in front of Dhoni, who stops the ball with a grimace;
45.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Wade, no run full and very wide outside off, 123 kph, miscued back to the bowler. Another dot. Just 19 runs off the last five overs.;
45.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Wade, no run a low full toss, Wade drives the ball straight back to Bhuvneshwar. Pressure building;
45.4;1;Bhuvneshwar to Faulkner, 1 run on the pads, bat on ball to square leg. Losing momentum;
45.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Faulkner, no run sees Faulkner coming and hits that hard length, short outside off, mis-timed to cover. The dots racking up;
45.2;1;Bhuvneshwar to Wade, 1 run good length delivery on off, Wade is rushed on his pull, gets one to midwicket;
45.1;1;Bhuvneshwar to Faulkner, 1 run on the pads to start from Bhuvi, nudged down to fine leg;
44.6;1b;Bumrah to Faulkner, 1 bye beaten on the outside edge. Fantastic bowling from Bumrah. Full outside off, Faulkner is beaten on the outside edge, the ball bounces in front of Dhoni, and ricochets away, enabling the bye;
44.5;?;Bumrah to Faulkner, no run full and straight again, pushed away to mid-on. Another dot. Five on the bounce;
44.4;?;Bumrah to Faulkner, no run edged, has it carried? Dhoni isn't sure. A good length delivery outside off, Faulkner gets a thick outside edge, Dhoni dives to his right, gets forward, the ball juggles out and Dhoni collects the bobble, but that has landed well in front of Dhoni. Faulkner will carry on. Some dust and some chalk explode. "The ball has clearly bounced," says the third umpire;
44.3;?;Bumrah to Faulkner, no run full and straight again, Faulkner gets forward to defend;
44.2;W;Bumrah to Stoinis, OUT given by umpire Erasmus. Stoinis reviews again. Umpire's call will decide this. Full on off, the ball has seamed back in prodigiously and struck Stoinis in front of off, beaten by discernible late lateral movement. No bat. Impact is umpire's call so Stoinis has to walk back. Fell over his stroke slightly;Marcus Stoinis lbw b Bumrah 46 (79m 63b 4x4 1x6) SR: 73.01;
44.1;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run good length around off, the ball seams back in, pushed back to the bowler;
43.6;?;Kuldeep to Wade, no run;
43.5;2;Kuldeep to Wade, 2 runs executed this time. A low full toss is swept fine towards fine leg. Bhuvi picks up and fires at the right end, the bowler's end, but Stoinis makes it in time;
43.4;1;Kuldeep to Stoinis, 1 run the googly. So much extra bounce because of the revs through the variation, Stoinis watches it onto his cut and finds deep point;
43.3;1;Kuldeep to Wade, 1 run short outside off, worked to deep midwicket off the back foot;
43.2;?;Kuldeep to Wade, no run toe-ends the ball back to the bowler. Sweepy Wade gets down immediately, but plays it too early;
43.1;1;Kuldeep to Stoinis, 1 run the googly outside off, punched to deep point from the back foot. Wanted the conventional sweep, but adjusted well;
42.6;W;Axar Patel to Head, OUT 94 kph, Head is gone. Premeditating the sweep, Axar is all too familiar with it. He fires it full and straight, Head tries to bail out of his sweep, but is in no position to improvise, the ball finds the gap, a big gap, between bat and pad and hits the stumps;Travis Head b Patel 42 (78m 59b 4x4 0x6) SR: 71.18;
42.5;1;Axar Patel to Stoinis, 1 run flat down leg, clipped to square leg;
42.4;?;Axar Patel to Stoinis, no run pushed back to the bowler;
42.4;1w;Axar Patel to Stoinis, 1 wide very slow and wide outside off, Stoinis watches it go by. Axar anticipated Stoinis coming down;
42.3;?;Axar Patel to Stoinis, no run short on off, pushed back to the bowler;
42.2;1;Axar Patel to Head, 1 run short outside off, a dragged pull to deep midwicket;
42.1;?;Axar Patel to Head, no run that's close! Head dances down the track and misses the flick, struck him just outside the line maybe;
41.6;?;Kuldeep to Stoinis, no run flight outside off, driven back to the bowler;
41.5;?;Kuldeep to Stoinis, no run just short of Axar, who did not go for the catch. A googly on middle, Stoinis comes down and outside-edges the variation towards short third man. Well bowled, shortened the length;
41.4;?;Kuldeep to Stoinis, no run a long appeal from Kuldeep, Dhoni bailed out of the appeal, but umpire Nandan gives it. Stoinis reviews right away. A low full toss outside off, Stoinis goes through with the sweep, but under-edges it onto his pad. A discernible spike on UltraEdge, and this decision should be overturned. "I've got quite a big spike, the bat is not hitting the ground," says the third umpire. A bad decision from umpire Nandan, but when a batsman sweeps a full delivery, seeing the edge or the line is really hard. A gasp of despair from Stoinis as the finger went up;
41.3;1;Kuldeep to Head, 1 run short and wide again, slapped to long-off for one;
41.2;4;Kuldeep to Head, FOUR runs hammered! Gets low, premeditates the slog sweep, stays low and executes, over midwicket. Just in front of the boundary;
41.1;2;Kuldeep to Head, 2 runs short and wide again, too much width, Head rocks back and crashes a cut past cover for a couple;
40.6;2;Axar Patel to Stoinis, 2 runs how did that not hit the stumps? Short and straight, the ball skids on, takes the inside edge and somehow misses the stumps. Two down to fine leg;
40.5;?;Axar Patel to Stoinis, no run flat and straight, Stoinis defends;
40.4;1lb;Axar Patel to Head, 1 leg bye sees Head coming and fires this down leg, off the pad to square leg. Head undone but adjusted well;
40.3;?;Axar Patel to Head, no run flat and straight, no turn, shovelled to midwicket;
40.2;1;Axar Patel to Stoinis, 1 run drifts down leg and Stoinis paddle sweeps down to fine leg;
40.1;1;Axar Patel to Head, 1 run short outside off, the ball skids on, Head mis-times the pull to long-off;
37.6;1;Kuldeep to Head, 1 run the googly on middle, nudged to deep square leg;
37.5;2;Kuldeep to Head, 2 runs would have been wide had he left it, but this is a good result nonetheless. Short and wide, Head stretches out and clatters a slap wide of cover for a couple;
37.4;?;Kuldeep to Head, no run overpitched and straight, flicked to midwicket. The line is straight;
37.3;1;Kuldeep to Stoinis, 1 run short down leg, worked away through square leg. Not giving too much room;
37.2;?;Kuldeep to Stoinis, no run flat outside off, Stoinis goes right back in the crease to clip into the leg side;
37.1;1;Kuldeep to Head, 1 run flight outside off, the stock ball, squeezed into the point region for a run;
36.6;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run back of a length, angling into middle stump. Defended back to the bowler;
36.5;1;Bumrah to Head, 1 run back of a length on leg stump, worked towards mid-on;
36.4;?;Bumrah to Head, no run length ball on middle and leg, punched back to the bowler;
36.3;?;Bumrah to Head, no run fullish, angling across the left-hander and away from off stump. Goes for the big drive and misses;
36.2;1;Bumrah to Stoinis, 1 run short and wide, slapped away to the right of third man;
36.1;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run back of a length, straightens in the corridor close to off stump. Jumps back and across to defend towards backward point;
35.6;1;Kuldeep to Stoinis, 1 run back of a length, googly turning towards off stump, goes back to whip it to long-on;
35.5;1;Kuldeep to Head, 1 run tossed up on off stump, driven to long-off;
35.4;?;Kuldeep to Head, no run full outside off, driven back hard to the bowler;
35.3;?;Kuldeep to Head, no run tossed up slow and wide of off. Goes for the big flat-bat drive and he's beaten by turn and bounce. Dhoni takes it over his shoulder, and falls backwards but still clings on;
35.2;1;Kuldeep to Stoinis, 1 run flatter, back of a length, tucked away through backward square leg;
35.1;?;Kuldeep to Stoinis, no run down the track and Kuldeep slows it down considerably. Finds himself nowhere near the pitch of it as it turns down leg, and he sticks out his leg to pad it away;
34.6;1;Bumrah to Stoinis, 1 run full on off stump, driven firmly down the ground and Pandey stops it with a dive to his right from mid-on;
34.5;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run back of a length outside off, a little wider than the previous ball, left alone;
34.4;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run back of a length outside off, punched into the point region and Rahane moves quickly to his right from backward point to deny him the single;
34.3;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run length ball outside off, gets on the front foot to defend back to the bowler;
34.2;1;Bumrah to Head, 1 run length ball on middle stump, clipped through square leg;
34.1;1;Bumrah to Stoinis, 1 run back of a length, angling into off stump, lets it come on and tucks it into the midwicket region;
33.6;?;Kuldeep to Head, no run tossed up outside off, sharp turn again, and he misses the sweep. Or has he? Big appeal from Dhoni, and India have reviewed umpire Nandan's not-out decision. Was there a bottom edge? Ultra-edge says no.;
33.5;?;Kuldeep to Head, no run excellent length. Draws Head forward with flight, and beats him with dip and sharp turn. Head's hands followed the ball, looking to jab through cover point;
33.4;1;Kuldeep to Stoinis, 1 run down the track, meets the flighted ball on a middle-stump line and drags a drive down to long-on, past the bowler's right hand. He was a little slow bending down;
33.3;?;Kuldeep to Stoinis, no run length ball turning in towards middle and leg, goes forward to clip into the backward square leg region;
33.2;1;Kuldeep to Head, 1 run shortish, goes back to flat-bat to long-off;
33.1;1lb;Kuldeep to Stoinis, 1 leg bye the stock ball, flighted, turns sharply from middle and leg to outside leg. Looks to come forward and work it leg side, the ball beats inside edge and rolls into the short fine leg region off pad;
32.6;1;Axar Patel to Stoinis, 1 run short outside off, slapped to sweeper cover;
32.5;?;Axar Patel to Stoinis, no run flat and full, angling into middle stump, blocked back to the bowler;
32.4;?;Axar Patel to Stoinis, no run length ball on off stump, flat, defended to short extra;
32.3;?;Axar Patel to Stoinis, no run back of a length on off stump, punched to straight midwicket;
32.2;2;Axar Patel to Stoinis, 2 runs Stoinis was in position to sweep even before Axar released. Sends one down slightly shorter outside off, and the batsman adjusts, plays a controlled half-pull off one knee, through square leg;
32.1;1;Axar Patel to Head, 1 run flat, angling into the pads, clipped to long leg;
31.6;?;Jadhav to Stoinis, no run back of a length outside off, stops on him and keeps low. Wanted to slap that through the covers, ends up flat-batting it back to the bowler;
31.5;1;Jadhav to Head, 1 run back of a length on middle stump, punched to long-on;
31.4;1;Jadhav to Stoinis, 1 run back of a length outside off, slapped into the covers;
31.3;6;Jadhav to Stoinis, SIX runs down the track, and he's just cleared the leaping long-on fielder. Gets into a great position for the lofted drive, and hit it straight, so long-on had quite a distance to move to his left. Went a fair way over his head too;
31.2;1;Jadhav to Head, 1 run down the track now, doesn't quite reach the pitch of this flat one outside off. Swings hard and hits it down to long-on, along the ground, off the inside half of the bat;
31.1;4;Jadhav to Head, FOUR runs angles this down the leg side, and Head capitalises, gets down quickly to sweep it nice and fine - short fine leg is rather square;
30.6;4;Axar Patel to Stoinis, FOUR runs and again! Why is slip so wide? Length ball spins away from off stump, and again Stoinis is nowhere near the pitch while propping forward to defend. The outside edge beats Dhoni to his right, and slip is nowhere near it;
30.5;?;Axar Patel to Stoinis, no run back of a length close to off stump, defended into the covers;
30.4;?;Axar Patel to Stoinis, no run back of a length, another slider, defended from the crease towards midwicket;
30.3;?;Axar Patel to Stoinis, no run flat length ball, this one goes with the angle. Again he's only half forward in defence and gets an inside-edge into his pad;
30.2;2;Axar Patel to Stoinis, 2 runs flat length ball that spins away from off stump. Stoinis is only half-forward in defence, and the thick outside edge runs away to the right of slip;
30.1;?;Axar Patel to Stoinis, no run slow length ball wide of off stump, Stoinis looks to sweep, misses;
29.6;1;Jadhav to Stoinis, 1 run full, angling down leg, clipped to long leg;
29.5;?;Jadhav to Stoinis, no run tossed up slow outside off. Looks for the drive to long-off and Jadhav sprints to his left and dives to cut it off;
29.4;1;Jadhav to Head, 1 run skips down the track now, clips this from just outside off down to long-on;
29.3;?;Jadhav to Head, no run fullish, angling into off stump. Looks for the drive to long-off. Kohli intercepts with a dive to his left from short extra;
29.2;1;Jadhav to Stoinis, 1 run length ball on the pads, clipped through square leg;
29.1;?;Jadhav to Stoinis, no run length ball turning down leg, Stoinis misses the sweep. Big appeal for caught behind, not given. Not called wide either. Maybe a tickle of pad?;
28.6;?;Axar Patel to Head, no run a bit of extra bounce. Looks to sweep this length ball turning in towards off stump, and the ball jumps and hits him on the hip;
28.5;?;Axar Patel to Head, no run down the track now, whips this from off stump to the man at square midwicket;
28.4;?;Axar Patel to Head, no run back of a length, just outside off, defended to short extra-cover;
28.3;4;Axar Patel to Head, FOUR runs tossed up fuller now, outside off, and Head drives between cover and extra-cover. Nice stride forward and a whip of the wrists to give it impetus;
28.2;?;Axar Patel to Head, no run back of a length on off stump, uses his wrists to play that to short midwicket;
28.1;?;Axar Patel to Head, no run length ball close to off stump, clipped to short midwicket;
27.6;?;Jadhav to Stoinis, no run drops this on a nice length on off stump, presses forward to defend towards short midwicket;
27.5;1;Jadhav to Head, 1 run back of a length, angling into off stump, makes some room for the flat-bat slap to long-off, past the diving extra-cover fielder;
27.4;1;Jadhav to Stoinis, 1 run tossed up on middle stump, clipped to long-on;
27.3;1;Jadhav to Head, 1 run flat, on the stumps, worked through square leg;
27.2;?;Jadhav to Head, no run back of a length, angling into off stump, makes room and slaps to cover - the sweeper's been brought in to the edge of the circle now;
27.1;?;Jadhav to Head, no run full outside off, driven to short extra-cover;
26.6;?;Axar Patel to Stoinis, no run again some turn, starts from wider outside off, stretches out to jab to point;
26.5;4;Axar Patel to Stoinis, FOUR runs ooh, some dip and turn there, and Stoinis bisects keeper and slip. Stretched forward to defend, wasn't near the pitch of it - Axar had slowed it up considerably - and the outside edge finds the gap perfectly;
26.4;1;Axar Patel to Head, 1 run back of a length on off and middle, whipped to deep square leg;
26.3;?;Axar Patel to Head, no run length ball on off stump, clipped to midwicket;
26.2;1;Axar Patel to Stoinis, 1 run full outside off, driven to long-off;
26.1;?;Axar Patel to Stoinis, no run slows it up outside off, and Stoinis, shaping for the paddle-sweep, is too early into his shot, is hit on the pad;
25.6;?;Jadhav to Head, no run slow, on a good length outside off, defended into the covers;
25.5;?;Jadhav to Head, no run tossed up a bit wider, driven to extra-cover;
25.4;4;Jadhav to Head, FOUR runs for once, Jadhav drops one in the slot for a big drive. Actually, Head made the length by stepping out of his crease, and drove powerfully past the bowler;
25.3;?;Jadhav to Head, no run;
25.2;?;Jadhav to Head, no run wider outside off now, gets on the front foot to slap to point;
25.1;?;Jadhav to Head, no run round-arm length ball angling into off and middle. Goes back to defend into the covers;
24.6;?;Axar Patel to Stoinis, no run speared in flat and full on leg stump, defended with a straight bat towards midwicket;
24.5;?;Axar Patel to Stoinis, no run full on middle and off, blocked down the ground, towards the non-striker;
24.4;1;Axar Patel to Head, 1 run full, just outside off, driven to long-on;
24.3;?;Axar Patel to Head, no run length ball on off stump, clipped to short, straight midwicket;
24.2;W;Axar Patel to Handscomb, OUT oh no. Another batsman falls to the sweep. This time it's extra bounce rather than lack of bounce, and Handscomb gets a top-edge that flies high behind the wicket. Rahane runs back from slip and judges it perfectly. This was flat, just outside off, and pitched shorter than Handscomb expected;Peter Handscomb c Rahane b Patel 13 (19m 17b 0x4 0x6) SR: 76.47;
24.1;?;Axar Patel to Handscomb, no run nice length, angling into off stump. Looks to drive to long-on and gets a leading-edge that loops to the left of that catcher at short extra;
23.6;?;Jadhav to Head, no run full on off stump, defended to extra-cover;
23.5;1;Jadhav to Handscomb, 1 run shortish, turning in towards off stump, goes back and plays a whip-pull to the left of the man at square leg;
23.4;2;Jadhav to Handscomb, 2 runs floated up just outside off. Read the line well, Handscomb, stretched out and got his head over the ball to lap-sweep fine, just to the left of the keeper;
23.3;1;Jadhav to Head, 1 run shortish outside off, slapped to sweeper cover;
23.2;?;Jadhav to Head, no run goes back to a length ball angling into middle stump, defends with a straight bat into the on side;
23.1;?;Jadhav to Head, no run full on off stump. Drives hard, looking to hit straight of long-on, and Jadhav dives left to stop it;
22.6;?;Axar Patel to Handscomb, no run full with a bit of flight on middle stump, defended inside-out into the point region;
22.5;1;Axar Patel to Head, 1 run length ball, a little slower, on off stump. Clipped down to long-on;
22.4;?;Axar Patel to Head, no run shortish outside off, but not too much width. Cut to backward point;
22.3;1;Axar Patel to Handscomb, 1 run back of a length, angling into middle stump, punched to long-on;
22.2;W;Axar Patel to Warner, OUT down the track, and Warner's chipped this straight to long-on! Soft dismissal, but maybe he wanted to hit it a lot wider, looking to whip it in the air from outside off stump. The lack of turn may have forced him to hit it straighter, and long-on takes a nice catch running to his left;David Warner c Pandey b Patel 53 (91m 62b 5x4 0x6) SR: 85.48;
22.1;1;Axar Patel to Handscomb, 1 run back of a length on middle and off, no turn, punched to long-off;
21.6;1;Jadhav to Handscomb, 1 run tossed up just outside off, driven past the diving extra-cover fielder to long-off;
21.5;2;Jadhav to Handscomb, 2 runs slow flight outside off, gets down low to sweep it through backward square leg;
21.4;1;Jadhav to Warner, 1 run a bit of width, slapped to deep point;
21.3;?;Jadhav to Warner, no run back of a length, flat, angling into off stump and cramping Warner. Wants to flat-bat to long-off, maybe, and ends up hitting it back to the bowler;
21.2;?;Jadhav to Warner, no run nice length, angling in towards off stump, driven into the point region;
21.1;1;Jadhav to Handscomb, 1 run full, slow, angling down leg, clipped gently into the square-leg region;
20.6;1;Axar Patel to Handscomb, 1 run full, angling into leg stump, driven to long-on;
20.5;?;Axar Patel to Handscomb, no run back of a length, angling into middle and off, punched back to the bowler;
20.4;1;Axar Patel to Warner, 1 run back of a length, some turn back in towards middle stump. Warner stays back, leg-side of the ball, to jab it past extra-cover and towards long-off;
20.3;1;Axar Patel to Handscomb, 1 run a bit more air on it, a touch wider of off stump, driven to long-off;
20.2;?;Axar Patel to Handscomb, no run a bit fuller, blocked back to the bowler;
20.1;?;Axar Patel to Handscomb, no run well bowled. Just a bit of turn, pitches off stump, just misses it, as Handscomb plays back in defence and down the wrong line;
19.6;1;Jadhav to Handscomb, 1 run back of a length, goes with the angle - which is slightly away from off stump, that's how low his arm is getting - and Handscomb punches it to long-on;
19.5;1;Jadhav to Warner, 1 run shortish, angling in from wide of the crease, chopped away to deep point;
19.4;1;Jadhav to Handscomb, 1 run tossed up slow, just outside off, driven to long-off;
19.3;W;Jadhav to Smith, OUT gone! Jadhav does it again! A dangerous, dangerous shot, sweeping from the stumps - because of Jadhav's low arm, the ball follows a stump-to-stump trajectory right from the time it leaves his hand, when he's bowling from over the stumps. It's fairly flat, and it doesn't give him too much time to get down on one knee, and he's in a half-crouch when he swipes at it and misses, and he's struck absolutely plumb in front. The low bounce he generates is another reason to think twice about going across the line. That's pitching middle, hitting middle. Barely any turn.;Steven Smith lbw b Jadhav 16 (31m 25b 1x4 0x6) SR: 64;
19.2;1;Jadhav to Warner, 1 run flat, round-arm, angled in on a good length towards off stump. Stays on the back foot and punches it to the left of the extra-cover fielder to bring up another fifty;
19.1;1;Jadhav to Smith, 1 run floated up slow and full on leg stump, flicked away through square leg;
18.6;1;Axar Patel to Smith, 1 run tossed up just outside off stump, driven to long-off;
18.5;1;Axar Patel to Warner, 1 run a bit of flight now, full on off stump, clipped down to long-on;
18.4;?;Axar Patel to Warner, no run flat and full close to off stump, driven hard but straight back to the bowler;
18.3;1;Axar Patel to Smith, 1 run back of a length, angling into off and middle. Punched down to long-on;
18.2;1;Axar Patel to Warner, 1 run back of a length outside off, chopped to backward point;
18.1;?;Axar Patel to Warner, no run length ball on middle stump, clipped to square leg;
17.6;?;Jadhav to Smith, no run 85 kph, short and wide, chopped away towards cover.;
17.5;1;Jadhav to Warner, 1 run shortish outside off, Warner feigns a switch hit, but holds his stance and guides a cut to deep point;
17.4;1;Jadhav to Smith, 1 run short and straight, wide arm, punched to long-on;
17.3;1;Jadhav to Warner, 1 run overpitched and straight, pushed to long-off;
17.2;?;Jadhav to Warner, no run flat outside off, blocked to point;
17.1;1;Jadhav to Smith, 1 run flight outside off, Smith runs down and drives to long-on. Too easy;
16.6;4;Kuldeep to Warner, FOUR runs drilled through cover. Lots of flight outside off, Warner nails a drive, gets it wide of cover and that races away. Waited for it;
16.5;1;Kuldeep to Smith, 1 run 74 kph, Smith shuffles down and drives to long-off. Nicely played;
16.4;?;Kuldeep to Smith, no run 75 kph, lots of flight outside off, defended into the cover region;
16.3;1;Kuldeep to Warner, 1 run the googly again, on middle and leg, worked to square leg;
16.2;1;Kuldeep to Smith, 1 run 76 kph, googly on middle, Smith stays in his crease, reads the variation off the pitch and stabs a flick in time to square leg;
16.1;1;Kuldeep to Warner, 1 run short and wide, Warner goes back and clobbers a pull to long-off;
15.6;?;Jadhav to Smith, no run 83 kph, on the pads, nudged to midwicket where Kohli dives away to his right;
15.6;1w;Jadhav to Smith, 1 wide drifts down leg, Smith tries to paddle but doesn't make contact;
15.5;1;Jadhav to Warner, 1 run flat and straight, worked to midwicket;
15.4;?;Jadhav to Warner, no run short and wide, coming in, sliced to third man;
15.3;?;Jadhav to Warner, no run slow and straight, full, defended back;
15.2;1;Jadhav to Smith, 1 run 90 kph, another full toss on middle, whipped to deep midwicket;
15.1;1;Jadhav to Warner, 1 run wide arm, slingy action, wideeeee outside off. Warner reaches out and drives to deep point;
14.6;1;Kuldeep to Warner, 1 run nice finish, quick and straight,a thick inside edge towards square leg;
14.5;1;Kuldeep to Smith, 1 run dances down and drives to long-off;
14.4;?;Kuldeep to Smith, no run slightly short, Smith stays back and cuts towards the bowler;
14.3;1;Kuldeep to Warner, 1 run the reverse sweep, flat and straight, Warner just paddles that to backward point. Bumrah dives to his left;
14.2;1;Kuldeep to Smith, 1 run terrific use of the feet, gets right to the pitch and flicks to deep midwicket;
14.1;?;Kuldeep to Smith, no run short and wide outside off, the ball turning in, cut to cover;
13.6;?;Jadhav to Warner, no run full and wide again, awkwardly played to cover;
13.5;?;Jadhav to Warner, no run short and wide, scythed down to third man, where Axar dives away to his right;
13.4;?;Jadhav to Warner, no run quick on off, no turn at all. Pushed to cover;
13.4;1w;Jadhav to Warner, 1 wide flat and quick, but far too wide outside off, wide;
13.3;?;Jadhav to Warner, no run flat outside off, defended into the off side;
13.2;1;Jadhav to Smith, 1 run a high full toss on middle and leg, whacked away to deep midwicket. Should have been put in the stands, but Smith doesn't take the bait just yet. Might have just been intentional, you kow;
13.1;1;Jadhav to Warner, 1 run extremely full and wide, Warner reaches out and guides to deep point;
12.6;?;Kuldeep to Smith, no run the second maiden of the innings. Flatter outside off, Smith stays back to defend. Nicely bowled;
12.5;?;Kuldeep to Smith, no run the trajectory changes, shorter and quicker, Smith reads the googly well, goes back and plays towards gully;
12.4;?;Kuldeep to Smith, no run four in a row. Flighted on middle, worked to midwicket;
12.3;?;Kuldeep to Smith, no run the stock ball on middle and leg, nudged to midwicket again, with the spin;
12.2;?;Kuldeep to Smith, no run good stop. Flight on middle and leg, driven to Rahane at midwicket who dives to his left;
12.1;?;Kuldeep to Smith, no run lots of flight on that outside off, Smith strides forward to defend;
11.6;?;Hardik to Warner, no run a full slow delivery outside off, driven to cover. Nice over from Pandya;
11.5;1;Hardik to Smith, 1 run full outside off, skewed off the outside half to deep point;
11.4;4;Hardik to Smith, FOUR runs my gosh. That's his first ball. Overpitched from Pandya outside off, Smith leans on his drive and nails the cover drive. To the left of cover. Beautiful;
11.3;W;Hardik to Finch, OUT mis-timed and gone. Australia's man in touch is gone. A full delivery outside off from Pandya, Finch tries to go over mid-off, the right ball to hit, but can only skew the ball off the outside half towards Bumrah at mid-off, who rusn to his left, takes the catch, but the ball pops out. The ball is rolling all over his legs like an insect, but Bumrah uses his feel, not his sight, to hold on somehow. Made a simple catch look very tough. Excellent plan from Finch, just flawed execution;Aaron Finch c Bumrah b Pandya 32 (46m 36b 6x4 0x6) SR: 88.88;
11.2;1;Hardik to Warner, 1 run on the pads again, nurdled down to fine leg;
11.1;2;Hardik to Warner, 2 runs shortish and wide, Warner plays this down to third man for a couple. A deft dab;
10.6;1;Kuldeep to Warner, 1 run runs down this time to get to the pitch, converts flight into a full toss and drives to long-on;
10.5;1;Kuldeep to Finch, 1 run 79 kph, flight on middle and off, swept down to fine leg for one;
10.4;1;Kuldeep to Warner, 1 run overpitched on off, driven back to the bowler but Kuldeep doesn't get down quickly enough and the ball finds a way through. One to long-off;
10.3;?;Kuldeep to Warner, no run plenty of flight and loop, Warner reaches out for it and drives to cover;
10.2;?;Kuldeep to Warner, no run the googly outside off, coming back in, driven to cover again;
10.1;?;Kuldeep to Warner, no run flight outside off, driven to cover;
9.6;?;Hardik to Finch, no run a slower delivery to finish, on middle, worked to midwicket;
9.5;4;Hardik to Finch, FOUR runs eeks, Finch won't mind. Good length outside off, Finch tries to create room to hit through point but the ball takes the outside edge and races down to the third man boundary;
9.4;?;Hardik to Finch, no run full outside off, a solid block to cover;
9.3;1;Hardik to Warner, 1 run looked to hit that over cover, but some extra bounce takes the outside edge, a slower ball outside off, a thick edge races down to third man;
9.2;1;Hardik to Finch, 1 run a short slow delivery on middle, flicked down to fine leg for one. The slower ball;
9.1;?;Hardik to Finch, no run;
8.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run full outside off, Warner drives to mid-off from the back foot. Clearly misjudged the length of that, was anticipating something short;
8.5;1;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, 1 run a good stop by cover. A short slow delivery outside off, hit towards cover's right, who gets down and stops the ball from racing past. Mid-off gets around top clean up;
8.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run on a length around off, played into the off side;
8.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run good length outside off, punched on the up to mid-off;
8.2;1;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, 1 run this though is width. Short and wide, slashed down to third man;
8.1;4;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, FOUR runs and again, no chance for anyone. Short on off, Warner stays in the crease and punches a square push into the gap at cover. How does he do that? It's a very good delivery;
7.6;?;Bumrah to Finch, no run good length around off and middle, good adjustment, defended to mid-on;
7.5;4;Bumrah to Finch, FOUR runs fantastic hitting. 140 kph, full on middle and leg, Finch this time bunts a drive through mid-on with ease. Warner had to hurry out of the way;
7.4;?;Bumrah to Finch, no run adjusts his line right away. Good length outside off, defended;
7.3;4;Bumrah to Finch, FOUR runs on the pads again, Finch lifts the ball very intentionally over midwicket and it trickles into the fence this time;
7.2;4;Bumrah to Finch, FOUR runs on the pads again, and when you beat the infield in India, it's tough to cut it off. Finch clips this behind square for four. Short fine leg has no chance;
7.1;1;Bumrah to Warner, 1 run another slower ball outside off, Warner stays in the crease and deflects the ball down to third man;
6.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run full and straight, driven up to mid-on, the bat coming down at an awkward angle which is why the ball went to mid-on, not straighter;
6.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run a short slow delivery outside off, pushed away to mid-off;
6.4;1;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, 1 run drifts on the pads again, an easy flick through square leg for one;
6.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run 137 kph, full and straight, defended to mid-off;
6.2;1;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, 1 run on the pads, flicked to square leg for one;
6.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run on the pads, worked away to midwicket;
5.6;4;Bumrah to Warner, FOUR runs shot of the day! Sensational batting. Short outside off, the ball coming back in, but Warner like he does so many times in the IPL, creates room by exposing his stumps (not a back away, just a subtle change) and powers a drive through extra cover.;
5.5;4;Bumrah to Warner, FOUR runs just over midwicket. Shortish on off, Warner has picked everything Bumrah has dished out. Stays back and jabs a stab over midwicket, didn't go through with the shot, let his muscle do that for him;
5.4;1;Bumrah to Finch, 1 run good length delivery on middle and leg, a thick inside edge to square leg;
5.3;?;Bumrah to Finch, no run full and straight, some seam movement back in, defended back. Bumrah is appealing for absolutely no reason;
5.2;1;Bumrah to Warner, 1 run no footwork. Good length outside off, sliced behind point for one to third man;
5.1;2;Bumrah to Warner, 2 runs another slower delivery, Warner picked it yesterday, on the pads and nonchalantly whipped through midwicket for two;
4.6;2;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, 2 runs drifts on the pads this time and Finch ain't letting that one by. Flicks behind square leg for a couple, nicely executed;
4.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run nice and tight on off, 140 kph, defended away;
4.4;1;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, 1 run may have been the slower delivery, 122 kph, full and straight, nudged to square leg;
4.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run 131 kph, some room, short and wide, slapped to cover;
4.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run fullish delivery on off, 138 kph, defended to mid-off;
4.1;4;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, FOUR runs that's where Warner wanted to hit the first ball of the previous delivery. On a length on leg, Warner pulls through square leg with ease. Perfectly placed;

Chaitanya: "India needs to manage workload of Hardik. He's playing all three formats with both bat and bowl. Should Have rested him today for a fifth bowler."
 Innings Start
9.15pm That's it for this ODI series - this was a good Australian team that got into a lot of good positions, but it ends with India winning 4-1 and sitting on top of the ODI rankings. A lot of good cricket from a lot of players to get them there. The T20 series begins in Ranchi next Saturday. Until then, good night!
Virat Kohli: "I thought it was a really convincing series win. We've ticked all the boxes. We've been put under pressure, and we've come back four times to win four games. Lots of positives to come out of this series. I think it's become second nature to the players [to keep themselves motivated despite already winning the series]. The management has played a role in that as well. Bhuvi and Bumrah have been outstanding for us. When Umesh and Shami got their opportunity they were pretty good as well. And those two wristspinners in the middle overs, and all the batsmen. Hardik Pandya the biggest example, earning the Man of the Series. Good headache [selection] - you might as well have a few to pick from and take the best 11 possible."
Hardik Pandya is the Player of the Series. "There's always scope of improvement in everything I do, I always believe I can improve day by day. Working hard on my fitness, to be fit for every game, because it's not easy to do both skills. The situation I batted this time was different from what I've been used to, so I've learned a lot, and a pleasure playing against Australia."
Rohit Sharma is the Player of the Match. "It was just a bit of cramping. Obviously it's been very hot here. I've always kept it very simple. Not to complicate things too much. Since I've started opening, I've always kept things simple. There are certain areas I still need to work on - I know my strengths and weaknesses and I try to work around that. Initially it was tough. They came on to the stumps compared to the first few games, and the wicket wasn't playing too good either. Once I got my eye in, it was just about rotating and staying ahead of the run rate all the time. I would love to have such a record against all the teams. I've always loved playing against this Australian team - they are very competitive, they never give away anything easily."
Steven Smith: "Probably around a 300 wicket, I think. Finchy and Davey played really well, and maybe one of our top four needed to go on and make a big score. Disappointing performance, and there's a few things for us to look at. We just need to get the right balance of the way we want to play and put consistent performances on the board. We've played some good cricket at times, but we've been outplayed and India thoroughly deserved to win. You've still got to try and keep a positive frame of mind. We did a few things well in this series - we just need to do them more consistently. We've got to let this go pretty quickly, and we have the T20s in six days, and hopefully we can go home with a trophy."
"If you've got to be a good team, you've got to be relentless," says Ravi Shastri. "You've got to repeat what you did on Tuesday on Friday, and then on Sunday, and then on Tuesday again." The man is endlessly quotable.
Ajinkya Rahane says the pitch had become really slow by the time India batted, and for that reason this was his best innings of the series. I have to agree with that - he was really, really good today.
Nihaar : "The last time India and Australia played an ODI series, the last runs of the series were hit by Manish Pandey at the SCG, even in this series, the last runs of the series were hit by Manish Pandey. Hope he does it again for the next ODI Series too!"
Kunal: "You need a world class spinner to win in India. Aussies just dont have that right now. Is there any in the pipeline in the domestic circuit?" -- Nathan Lyon? He would have loved to bowl on this pitch, and definitely some of the others in this series.
8.44pm India wrap up the series 4-1, and the scoreline is a fair reflection of their superiority in these conditions, especially in crunch situations. Today, their spinners made far better use of a surface with a lot of help for them, not giving away the freebies that their Australian counterparts doled out. And their chase was brilliantly constructed. Rohit and Rahane had to see out some very good new-ball bowling from Cummins and Coulter-Nile, and had to adjust to the slowness of the pitch. They did all that, and Kohli took over from Rahane and did the same, and the life was slowly sucked out of Australia's defence of 242.
42.5;4;Faulkner to Pandey, FOUR runs and that is that. Full outside off, and that bottom hand comes into play as he smears a drive down the ground. Jadhave gets his feet out of the way at the non-striker's end to let the ball streak to the long-on boundary;
42.4;4;Faulkner to Pandey, FOUR runs full, angling into off stump, and he clears his front leg and swipes it away between mid-on and midwicket;
42.3;?;Faulkner to Pandey, no run back of a length on off stump. Looks for a soft-hands single into the off side, but backward point moves in quickly to deny him;
42.2;?;Faulkner to Pandey, no run back of a length, close to off stump, jabbed back towards the bowler;
42.1;?;Faulkner to Pandey, no run back of a length on off stump, clipped to midwicket with a turn of the wrists;
41.6;1;Zampa to Pandey, 1 run tossed up outside off, presses forward for a gentle push to sweeper cover;
41.5;1;Zampa to Jadhav, 1 run down the pitch now, gets to the pitch and drives to long-off;
41.4;?;Zampa to Jadhav, no run fired in full, angling down leg, Misses the flick and it rolls off the pad to short fine leg;
41.3;?;Zampa to Jadhav, no run length ball, quickish, turning from middle to off. Gets on the front foot to defend;
41.2;1;Zampa to Pandey, 1 run back of a length on middle stump, goes deep in his crease to clip through square leg;
41.1;?;Zampa to Pandey, no run googly pitching wide of off, on a good length. Lots of turn and bounce, but still a safe leave for Pandey;
40.6;?;Faulkner to Jadhav, no run back of a length, angling into off stump, Jadhav plays a copybook back-foot defensive. Maybe more open at the hips and shoulders than the textbook would recommend, but perfect for the inward angle;
40.5;?;Faulkner to Jadhav, no run slower length ball close to off stump, blocked back to the bowler;
40.4;?;Faulkner to Jadhav, no run shuffles out of his crease, towards off stump. Faulkner shortens his length and he dabs to backward point;
40.3;1;Faulkner to Pandey, 1 run full, angling into off stump. Pandey looks to drive through cover, bottom-hand takes over and the bat comes down at an angle, and he gets a thick outside edge to third man;
40.2;?;Faulkner to Pandey, no run full outside off, driven to extra-cover;
40.1;?;Faulkner to Pandey, no run back of a length, angling into middle and off, clipped to midwicket;
39.6;?;Zampa to Jadhav, no run good ball, doesn't turn as much as Jadhav expects. Wanted to dab it down to third man, but it slid on straight and he inside-edged it into the pitch;
39.5;4;Zampa to Jadhav, FOUR runs long-hop, Jadhav drags a pull from outside off and picks up a one-bounce four over midwicket. This has been a terrible over, and he's picked up two wickets;
39.4;W;Zampa to Kohli, OUT such a good-looking shot, and it may have been six in Bengaluru, but here it's caught by long-off, comfortably. Tossed up on off stump, and he looks to loft this inside-out, ends up scooping it straight into the hands of long-off;Virat Kohli c Stoinis b Zampa 39 (73m 55b 2x4 0x6) SR: 70.9;
39.3;4;Zampa to Kohli, FOUR runs short on off stump, and Kohli puts it away, pulling hard and flat over midwicket;
39.2;?;Zampa to Kohli, no run tossed up on middle stump, stretches forward to block;
39.1;W;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, OUT long-hop, and Rohit is out to a tired shot. What an innings, though. Looks to pull, ends up getting more height and less distance than he desired, and the man at deep midwicket comes in off the boundary and catches it a foot off the ground;Rohit Sharma c Coulter-Nile b Zampa 125 (165m 109b 11x4 5x6) SR: 114.67;
38.6;1;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 1 run full on off stump, leans back and flat-bats down the ground to the right of long-off;
38.5;1;Faulkner to Kohli, 1 run shortish on off stump, punched to the right of sweeper cover;
38.4;1;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 1 run full on middle and off, driven hard down the ground, on the bounce, to the right of long-off;
38.3;6;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs and another. Short on off stump, and Rohit's decided he's going to hit them early today and hit them over long-on. That's almost a drive rather than a pull;
38.2;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length, angling into middle and leg, defended to midwicket;
38.1;1;Faulkner to Kohli, 1 run back of a length, close to off stump, nice use of the hands to guide that down to third man;
38.1;1w;Faulkner to Kohli, 1 wide back of a length, angling down leg, Kohli can't connect with the flick. Faulkner's reviewed umpire Erasmus's not-out decision for caught behind. Interesting. The third umpire's checking for stumping as well. Is there a slight deflection? Can't really tell. Nothing on ultra-edge. And he hasn't lifted his back foot either;
37.6;1;Finch to Kohli, 1 run back of a length outside off, waits on it and dabs it to the left of short third man;
37.5;4;Finch to Kohli, FOUR runs long-hop, sits up on off stump, and he clears his front leg and smacks it over midwicket to bring up his first boundary;
37.4;1;Finch to Rohit Sharma, 1 run length ball turning towards off stump. Rohit defends inside-out, and the ball rolls way towards backward point off the outside half of his bat;
37.3;1;Finch to Kohli, 1 run back of a length again, stops on the batsman, and he adjusts with his wrists to jab that to the right of sweeper cover;
37.2;1;Finch to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of a length, driven to sweeper cover;
37.1;1;Finch to Kohli, 1 run how slow is this pitch now? Goes for an inside-out drive, and his bat jams into the ground before inside-edging the ball back towards the bowler;
36.6;6;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs short again, on off stump, and Rohit doesn't care if it isn't going to come on to the bat. He hits it early, and launches it over long-on. That is some shot;
36.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run short once more, pulled to deep square leg;
36.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, 1 run short again, this time he has to pull from outside off to the man at deep square leg, who's well in front of square;
36.3;4;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs short, angling slightly down leg, and Rohit puts it away. Moves across and plays a controlled pull, off one leg, through backward square leg;
36.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run full on middle and leg, clipped to deep square leg;
36.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, 1 run short outside off, slapped to deep point;
35.6;?;Finch to Kohli, no run tossed up outside off, presses forward and defends into the point region;
35.5;1;Finch to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of a length now, on the stumps, punched to long-on;
35.4;?;Finch to Rohit Sharma, no run turn again, sharp turn away from the stumps. Looks to sweep and it hits him on the hip;
35.3;?;Finch to Rohit Sharma, no run full, angled into middle and leg. Shapes to work it leg-side, adjusts for the slow pace and defends with the full face, back to the bowler;
35.2;?;Finch to Rohit Sharma, no run nicely bowled, a bit of turn from a good length outside off. Reaches away from his body after pressing forward, and the ball beats his outside edge;
35.1;1;Finch to Kohli, 1 run short outside off, slapped away to sweeper cover;
34.6;6;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs there it is. Finally a short ball gets up to a reasonable height, on or around off stump, and he pulls it away over midwicket and it carries all the way to bring up his 14th ODI hundred. This has been a superb innings in difficult conditions for someone who really relishes the ball coming on to the bat;
34.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run fullish on off stump, blocked to mid-off;
34.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run another short ball that struggles to reach Rohit. Shapes to pull again, ends up dragging it along the ground to mid-on, off the toe-end;
34.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run short outside off. Rohit swivels into a pull and it keeps low and stops on him. Bottom-edges it and it rolls to the right of the keeper;
34.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run back of a length outside off, dabbed away to third man;
34.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, no run full outside off and Kohli climbs into a drive, only to hit it straight to the man at extra-cover;
33.6;1;Finch to Kohli, 1 run back of a length wide of off, stabbed into the point region;
33.5;1;Finch to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of a length outside off, takes ages to reach Rohit. Uses his wrists to clip it to long-on;
33.4;1;Finch to Kohli, 1 run back of a length on off stump, punched to long-on;
33.3;?;Finch to Kohli, no run short outside off, cut hard but straight to backward point;
33.2;1;Finch to Rohit Sharma, 1 run short outside off, and it stops and keeps low and takes an age to reach Rohit, who just taps it on its head to flat-bat it towards long-on;
33.1;2;Finch to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs length ball outside off, presses forward and opens his bat face to steer through point;
32.6;?;Cummins to Kohli, no run fullish, close to off stump, punched back to the bowler;
32.5;1;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of a length outside off, and Rohit brings up 6000 ODI runs with a dabbed single to third man. The ninth Indian to get there.;
32.4;2;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs back of a length, fourth-stump line, stands up tall and punches to the right of sweeper cover. they take two, but Rohit struggled through the second run;
32.3;1;Cummins to Kohli, 1 run back of a length outside off, Kohli opens his bat face and picks up another single to third man;
32.2;1;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, 1 run short outside off, waits on it and opens his bat-face to ramp it to the left of third man. Didn't look to hit it hard, just let the ball hit his bat;
32.1;1;Cummins to Kohli, 1 run back of a length outside off, lets it come on and guides it to third man;
31.6;6;Head to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs down the track, and Rohit hoists that over wide long-on. Ensures he doesn't get too close to the pitch of it, opens up at the hips, and just extends his arms through his shot. Big boundary there, but he aimed at a vacant spot to the right of long-on, and just cleared the rope;
31.5;1;Head to Kohli, 1 run slow length ball outside off, lets it come and dabs towards backward point;
31.4;?;Head to Kohli, no run length ball on the pads, clipped towards backward square leg;
31.3;?;Head to Kohli, no run shortish outside off, some extra bounce to beat the attempted cut. Wade drops it, not sure if Kohli edged it or not;
31.2;2;Head to Kohli, 2 runs down the track, and that's nicely done. Gets fairly close to the pitch of this flighted ball outside off, and uses his bottom hand to whip it over midwicket;
31.1;1;Head to Rohit Sharma, 1 run length ball turning in towards off stump, lets it come on and dabs into the backward point region;
30.6;?;Cummins to Kohli, no run length ball close to off stump, Kohli looks for the drive but has to check himself, with the ball stopping slightly, and ensure that the uppish shot falls short of extra-cover;
30.5;?;Cummins to Kohli, no run hits a nice length just outside off, and gets it to nip away and bounce a touch extra to beat Rohit's attempted glide to third man;
30.4;?;Cummins to Kohli, no run fullish, close to off stump. Drives firmly back down the ground, and Cummins sticks out his left hand to stop it in his follow-through;
30.3;1lb;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, 1 leg bye shortish, angling into middle stump. Looks to help it into the fine-leg region, but the ball doesn't bounce as high as he expects and hits his thigh pad before rolling into the leg side;
30.2;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run shortish and a bit of width, but it nipped away ever so slightly. Looked like the cross-seam release. Rohit slashed and missed;
30.1;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length close to off stump, defended into the point region. Kohli wanted one, Rohit sent him back, rightly. Smith hared in from backward point to hunt that ball down;
29.6;?;Head to Kohli, no run floated up slow on middle stump, clipped to square leg off the front foot;
29.5;?;Head to Kohli, no run back of a length, turns in towards off stump, punched to extra-cover;
29.4;?;Head to Kohli, no run tossed up slower outside off, stretches out and drives to cover;
29.3;1;Head to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of a length outside off, punched to sweeper cover;
29.2;1;Head to Kohli, 1 run turn, and the ball stops on Kohli. Comes in towards his pads, and he punches it uppishly, with a carefully straight bat, to long-on;
29.1;1;Head to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of a length on off stump, punched to long-off;
28.6;?;Cummins to Kohli, no run good end, 145 kph, short delivery on middle, Kohli ducks out of the way hurriedly. Nice change in length;
28.5;1;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, 1 run beautifully punched from the crease to the sweeper cover. Stands tall and drills a push;
28.4;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run good length outside off, 139 kph, glided off the face of the bat to point;
28.3;2;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs nicely played. Lets the ball come to him before guiding it past point for two more;
28.2;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run full around off, Rohit stays in the crease to defend. Very clever batting, play their best bowlers out;
28.1;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run good length outside off, 146 kph, tapped to backward point;
27.6;?;Zampa to Kohli, no run 91 kph, the worst ball is a dot. A full toss outside off is driven to cover;
27.5;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run the googly outside off, flicked to long-on. These two milking Zampa with no trouble at all;
27.4;3;Zampa to Kohli, 3 runs gets it past third man, three more. Short and wide outside off, a deft dab down to third man for three. Cummins hauls it in;
27.3;2;Zampa to Kohli, 2 runs far too much flight outside off, an easy skew to deep point for two very easy runs.;
27.2;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run drops too short this time, Zampa throws his head back in disgust. Pushed to long-on;
27.1;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run too much flight from Zampa, which means the ball is too full. Kohli eases into a drive to long-off;
26.6;1;Cummins to Kohli, 1 run good length outside off, Kohli stays back and punches a cut to the sweeper cover from the crease.;
26.5;?;Cummins to Kohli, no run five dot balls from Cummins. Good length outside off, glided off the face to backward point. These are terrific lines;
26.4;?;Cummins to Kohli, no run another one, trying to find one to third man. That's relatively safe though because it's wide outside off, beats the outside edge;
26.3;?;Cummins to Kohli, no run 139 kph, on a length outside off, Kohli is looking for that dab down to third man but finds backward point;
26.2;?;Cummins to Kohli, no run on a length outside off, dabbed to point.;
26.1;?;Cummins to Kohli, no run good length on middle and leg, nudged away to midwicket;
25.6;?;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, no run the googly on middle and leg, clipped to midwicket;
25.5;4;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs beautiful. Lots of flight on that outside off, Rohit gets forward and lifts the ball easily over cover. Inside-out;
25.4;?;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, no run loop and flight outside off, driven to Smith at cover;
25.3;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run lots of flight on off, driven with the spin to long-off;
25.2;2;Zampa to Kohli, 2 runs not good fielding from Australia. Lots of flight on that outside off, driven past cover for a couple. The cover fielder just escorted that to the deep sweeper fielder;
25.1;?;Zampa to Kohli, no run nicely bowled, quick and straight, Kohli gets right forward and inside-edges a defensive prod into his pad. Zampa appeals;
24.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run 136 kph, full delivery outside off, dabbed to point. Just played him out;
24.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run full and straight again, nudged away easily to deep square leg.;
24.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, no run full outside off, 139 kph, goes wide of the crease again, a nice drive finds Warner at extra cover;
24.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, 1 run a short delivery on off, Rohit helps it along to deep square leg. Kept that down;
24.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run good length on the pads, nurdled away to deep square leg;
24.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, no run 141 kph, full outside off, some seam movement back in, driven to mid-off;
23.6;?;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, no run good finish, flat on leg. Blocked back;
23.5;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run a lovely drive with the spin to the sweeper cover;
23.4;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run loads of flight on that on leg, driven to long-on;
23.3;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run short and wide outside off, slapped to Smith at cover who lets the ball go through to long-off;
23.2;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run a low full toss outside off, driven to long-off with so much ease. Struggling for control;
23.1;4;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs short and wide from Zampa, tripe. Rohit stays back and slashes a cut behind point, too easy;
22.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, no run full outside off, Kohli would have got off the mark if that man was back, but Kohli stays on 0. A nice press into his drive to extra cover;
22.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, no run good length outside off, goes wide of the crease and defends under his eyes. Good from Coulter-Nile, has been bustling in;
22.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, no run full and straight from Coulter-Nile. Kohli gets his bat right behind the line to defend. Don't think he'll be gliding too many;
22.3;W;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, OUT and out, says umpire Erasmus. On a length on middle, Rahane misses a flick and is struck on the pad. Was he moving across too far? Was it sliding down leg? Rahane opts to review. No bat on that, so an umpire's call will do for Australia. Two reds, and clipping the bails, so Rahane will have to go. Had just shuffled across too far;Ajinkya Rahane lbw b Coulter-Nile 61 (93m 74b 7x4 0x6) SR: 82.43;
22.2;4;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, FOUR runs into the gap behind square for another boundary. Full and straight. Rahane flicks and finds the gap at the backward square leg boundary;
22.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, no run full delivery outside off, punched away to cover from the crease;
21.6;2;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs good stop from Cummins, short and wide, slashed through point. Cummins runs around to his left and hauls it in.;
21.5;1;Faulkner to Rahane, 1 run more strong bottom hand. On a length on middle, flicked away to square leg;
21.4;?;Faulkner to Rahane, no run was there a deflection? Yes, thinks Faulkner. Short and wide, Rahane tries to glide it past Wade, but the ball goes on. Can't see anything conclusive. Wade can't collect cleanly as the ball pops out. Yes, UltraEdge has a spike so a drop;
21.3;?;Faulkner to Rahane, no run good length delivery outside off, Rahane stays in his crease and punches a drive to cover;
21.2;1;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 1 run good length outside off, Rohit tries to hit on the up but a thick outside edge trickles down to third man;
21.1;1;Faulkner to Rahane, 1 run chipped to long-off. Full outside off, Rahane goes through with his uppish drive;
20.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, 1 run tidy over. Just four off it, but not good enough for Australia. On a length outside off, a dab down to third man.;
20.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, no run goes wide of the crease, good length delivery outside off, punched to cover;
20.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, 1 run ooh, a slower delivery, 138 kph, Rohit is though his shot but adjusts quickly, gets one down to fine leg;
20.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, 1 run another glide off the face of the ball down to third man;
20.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, 1 run 137 kph, a short slow delivery outside off, dabbed down to third man;
20.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run 130 kph, on a length outside off, defended towards point;
19.6;4;Faulkner to Rahane, FOUR runs beautiful shot to get to fifty. Full and straight, Rahane drills the ball right back at Faulkner, who has no time to get his hands up. Great place to hit the ball, fourth straight fifty for Rahane;
19.5;?;Faulkner to Rahane, no run full around off, driven up to mid-on. Boos as Rahane stays on 49;
19.4;1;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 1 run good length on middle and leg, nudged away to midwicket. Soft hands means India get one;
19.3;1;Faulkner to Rahane, 1 run 127 kph, slower delivery on middle and leg, Rahane comes charging at Faulkner and goes through with a nothing hoick. Luckily for him, it is badly timed. The fielder takes it on the bounce;
19.2;?;Faulkner to Rahane, no run good stop again. Shortish outside off, bunted away towards cover, who gets across to his right;
19.1;?;Faulkner to Rahane, no run full and straight, pushed back to the bowler, who feigns a throw, which displeases the crowd;
18.6;2;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs short and wide this time, cut away easily past point for a couple. The sweeper cover had to run around that, not a good over. Smith needs to do something.;
18.5;4;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs 133 kph, lovely stroke making. Comes down, sees a short delivery and helps his pull easily over midwicket. That's not good bowling, just sits up for Rohit;
18.4;?;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, no run full delivery outside off, driven away to mid-off. No run there, as the fielder is quick on it;
18.3;2;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs on the pads, Rohit works this away past midwicket for a couple, brings up his fifty, another one in the series;
18.2;?;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, no run full delivery outside off, Rohit watchfully plays this towards cover;
18.1;1;Stoinis to Rahane, 1 run a cutter outside off, glided off the open face to third man;
17.6;4;Head to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs steps out again, converts flight into a full toss and drills a drive through cover. Superb batting. Pressure back on Australia to make a play;
17.5;6;Head to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs takes on the fielder at long-on, and just clears! Flight outside off, Rohit dances down, gets to the pitch and wallops this over long-on with ease. Long boundary, Warner leaps, but it clears the man;
17.4;1;Head to Rahane, 1 run whipped away delectably through square leg. Slightly too short and slow, enough time for Rahane;
17.3;?;Head to Rahane, no run Head sees Rahane coming and fires this wide outside off, defended back;
17.2;?;Head to Rahane, no run good stop there from Smudge. Flat on leg, clipped to Smith at midwicket, who dives to his right. Keeps the pressure on;
17.1;?;Head to Rahane, no run on the pads from Head, nudged to square leg. Slow spin;
16.6;1;Stoinis to Rahane, 1 run length ball wide of off, Rahane gets down on one knee and plays a flat-bat drive to deep point;
16.5;?;Stoinis to Rahane, no run fullish on off stump, blocked back to the bowler;
16.4;?;Stoinis to Rahane, no run back of a length, fourth-stump line, punched firmly back to the bowler;
16.3;1;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, 1 run fullish outside off and Rohit plays a checked drive to the left of mid-off, where Finch makes a diving stop;
16.2;?;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length, stops on Rohit and nips in slightly towards middle stump. Adjusts for the lack of pace and defends back to the bowler;
16.1;1;Stoinis to Rahane, 1 run length ball on off stump, driven to long-on;
15.6;?;Head to Rohit Sharma, no run flighted ball wide of off, driven into the square cover region;
15.5;1;Head to Rahane, 1 run nicely flighted on off stump, clipped to the left of square leg;
15.4;?;Head to Rahane, no run flatter now, on off stump, punched back to the bowler;
15.3;1;Head to Rohit Sharma, 1 run flighted and full on off stump, clipped to long-on;
15.2;1;Head to Rahane, 1 run down the track now, gets to the pitch to clip to long-on;
15.1;?;Head to Rahane, no run dip, and sharp turn from outside off. Presses forward to defend, then tries to adjust to the dip and work it into the leg side. The ball spins past his inside edge and hits his pad high and loops up to the left of the keeper. Wade got there quickly and appealed for caught-behind, but there was no bat on it;
14.6;1;Zampa to Rahane, 1 run long-hop, pulled to deep midwicket;
14.5;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run full-toss on middle stump, clipped to long-on;
14.4;1;Zampa to Rahane, 1 run floated up full, wider than the previous ball, driven to sweeper cover;
14.3;4;Zampa to Rahane, FOUR runs Loopy full-toss on off stump, and Rahane puts it away, drives inside-out to beat sweeper cover to his right;
14.2;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of a length on off stump, goes deep in his crease to use his wrists and work it down the ground to long-on. Again, Zampa moves to his right and stretches, but can't stop the single;
14.1;1;Zampa to Rahane, 1 run down the track and Zampa tosses it up wider. Frees his arms to hit that in the air, on the bounce, to long-off;
13.6;?;Head to Rohit Sharma, no run tossed up outside off, drops onto a nice length, defended into he covers;
13.5;1;Head to Rahane, 1 run a bit straighter, clipped through square leg;
13.4;2;Head to Rahane, 2 runs down the track, and Rahane picks up another two. Good ball, though. Dipped on Rahane, and an attempted cover drive rolls away through midwicket off the inside half of the bat;
13.3;?;Head to Rahane, no run tossed up full outside off, Rahane takes a big stride forward and almost yorks himself as he jabs to cover;
13.2;2;Head to Rahane, 2 runs down the track and Head shortens his length, pulled away to the left of long leg;
13.1;?;Head to Rahane, no run tossed up outside off, presses forward to defend into the covers;
12.6;4;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs ah, no. Twice he's found the edge, but it ends up as a good over for India. Ends it with a long-hop, and Rahane swivels to pull it away through square leg;
12.5;2;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs loopy full-toss wide of off, driven to the right of sweeper cover;
12.4;?;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, no run quicker now, on off stump, defended back towards the bowler;
12.3;4;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs another edge! This time Rohit looks to drive inside-out, from a leg line, and the ball dips and turns and the outside edge runs away to the right of the keeper. No slip, though. A bit of inward drift forced him to go inside-out;
12.2;1;Zampa to Rahane, 1 run down the track, and was he looking to hit that inside-out? Wrong'un, and he inside-edges into the fine-leg region;
12.1;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of a length close to off stump, lets it come on and dabs towards backward point;
11.6;1;Head to Rohit Sharma, 1 run tossed up slow outside off, and Rohit presses forward and uses his wrists deftly to clip it with the turn to the right of square leg;
11.5;1;Head to Rahane, 1 run down the track to the flighted ball outside off, drives to long-off;
11.4;1;Head to Rohit Sharma, 1 run tossed up a bit slower, stretches forward to drive to long-on;
11.3;1;Head to Rahane, 1 run on leg stump now and he clips it away through square leg;
11.2;1;Head to Rohit Sharma, 1 run ooh, some turn, and it stops on Rohit as well. Back of a length, and he plays with a straight bat and it loops up in the air but safely down to long-on;
11.1;1;Head to Rahane, 1 run full on off stump, clipped back down the pitch. Head moves to his right but can't quite get down in time and the ball trickles away towards long-on;
10.6;1;Zampa to Rahane, 1 run down the track again, clips this one down to long-on;
10.5;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run short, a bit of width, stabbed straight to backward point but a fumble allows a single;
10.4;1;Zampa to Rahane, 1 run down the track to the flighted ball, meets it on the full and jabs to long-off;
10.3;?;Zampa to Rahane, no run goes back to a length ball on off stump, punches to cover point;
10.2;?;Zampa to Rahane, no run length ball spinning towards off stump, opens his bat face to slice to backward point;
10.1;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run starts with a nicely flighted legbreak on off stump and Rahane drives to long-off. A checked drive - he was a little early on that, and the ball was in the air briefly;
9.6;?;Faulkner to Rahane, no run slower ball, back of a length, fourth-stump line. Defended towards backward point;
9.5;1;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 1 run slower length ball on off stump, pushed down the ground to long-off;
9.4;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run steps down the track and Faulkner bowls a back-of-a-length slower ball outside off. Punched to extra-cover;
9.3;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length outside off. Reaches out and steers to short third man;
9.2;1;Faulkner to Rahane, 1 run pulls his length back slightly, Rahane presses forward and pushes to long-off;
9.1;4;Faulkner to Rahane, FOUR runs starts with a full ball outside off, and Rahane puts it away easily. Leans forward and drives to the right of extra-cover, and the timing's so good long-off has no chance;
8.6;?;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length close to off stump, punched to mid-off;
8.5;?;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length, angling into the pads. Poor ball with fine leg inside the circle, but he gets away with it, Rohit tucking it straight to the fielder;
8.4;?;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length close to off stump, defended towards backward point;
8.3;4;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs shortish, angling into middle stump, and that's nicely played. Steps across his stumps and helps it away to the left of short fine leg, front leg going up in a prace;
8.2;1;Stoinis to Rahane, 1 run down the track and he bangs it in short. Pulled away through square leg;
8.1;?;Stoinis to Rahane, no run back of a length close to off stump, punched firmly to the left of mid-off;
7.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run slower ball, back of a length outside off, beats Rohit's edge as he tries to run it down to third man;
7.5;4;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs slower ball, full and fairly wide outside off. Maybe wanted to bait him into an uppish drive, but Rohit got a nice stride in, got his head over the ball, and drove all along the ground, to the right of cover point;
7.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length on off stump. Looks to punch through the covers but it stops on him and he ends up hitting it towards mid-on, off the inside half of his bat;
7.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run short, wide, and again Rohit smacks one straight to a fielder. Stands up tall and slaps it straight to Head at cover point;
7.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run short again, this one sits up at waist height on off stump. Pulled straight to square leg;
7.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run short outside off. Rohit looks to pull, and is through his shot a little early. The ball hits him on the back arm;
6.6;?;Stoinis to Rahane, no run back of a length, angling into middle and leg. Cramps Rahane for room as he tries to whip it off his hip. Can't put much power on it and it rolls down towards midwicket;
6.5;1;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, 1 run full, angling into leg stump. Shows the full face to drive to long-on;
6.4;1;Stoinis to Rahane, 1 run back of a length, fourth-stump line, dabbed down to third man;
6.3;?;Stoinis to Rahane, no run back of a length on off stump, punched to mid-off;
6.2;?;Stoinis to Rahane, no run back of a length on off stump, punched to mid-on;
6.1;1;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, 1 run full on off stump, clipped to long-on;
5.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, no run shortish, close to off stump. Jumps to ride the bounce and defend towards backward point;
5.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, no run length ball, fourth-stump line, punched hard but straight back to the bowler;
5.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, no run length ball on off stump, punched to mid-off;
5.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, no run length ball on off stump, shows the full face for a push to mid-on;
5.2;4;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, FOUR runs oh wow. What a shot. That's a perfectly good length, just a few inches outside off, and he leans forward and drives on the up, between cover and mid-off;
5.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, no run length ball, fourth-stump line. Stretches forward and across to clip to midwicket;
4.6;4;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs two in two. Not overpitched like the previous one, but full nonetheless, and he extends his arms through another drive to hit over the top, to the right of mid-off;
4.5;4;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs and now he's off the mark. Overpitched, for once, angling into off stump, and all he has to do is meet it with the full face and drive back past the bowler, to the right of mid-off;
4.4;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run all those dot balls, and Rohit goes for a big hit. Back of a length, angling into off stump. Swings at it, looking to hit over mid-on, and inside-edges into his pad. Loops up in the air, and fortunately for the batsman drops short of Cummins's stretch;
4.3;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run fullish on off stump, driven crisply to mid-off;
4.2;1;Cummins to Rahane, 1 run length ball close to off stump. Lets it come on and opens his bat face to place it to the right of third man;
4.1;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run back of a length on off stump, defended to mid-on;
3.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run good ball. Angled in towards off stump, and it straightens just a bit. Rohit was looking to play it with the angle, into the leg side, and had to adjust late to play it towards the bowler off the outside half of his bat;
3.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length, fifth-stump line, opens his bat face for a push to backward point;
3.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run a bit of extra bounce and some inward movement towards off and middle. Looks to clip into the leg side and the ball hits him on the thigh pad;
3.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length close to off stump, defended into the covers;
3.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, 1 run length ball on off stump, clipped to the right of mid-on. Doesn't put as much weight on the shot as with the previous ball, and as a result he gets an easy single;
3.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, no run length ball angling into off stump, clipped to mid-on;
2.6;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball, fourth-stump line. Looks to play the stand-up drive on the up, doesn't really time it and can't beat the man at cover;
2.5;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length close to off stump, defended into the point region;
2.4;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball on off stump, clipped to midwicket;
2.3;1;Cummins to Rahane, 1 run back of a length, angling into off stump. Takes a step back and across and pushes gently to the right of mid-on;
2.2;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run back of a length, fourth-stump line. Looks for that single to third man again, and Smith dives left from backward point to deny him. We saw a lot of this in Bengaluru too;
2.1;4;Cummins to Rahane, FOUR runs fullish, close to off stump, and Rahane is a little early into his straight drive, checks his shot slightly, but times it so well that it races away unstoppably between non-striker and umpire;
1.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length, angling into middle and off, clipped to square leg;
1.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length on off stump, defended back towards the bowler. Straightened again, and squared up the batsman slightly;
1.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run good ball. Back of a length, fifth-stump line, just a bit of late shape away. Rohit hangs his bat away from his body, neither defending nor attacking, and is beaten by the movement;
1.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, 1 run shortish, fourth-stump line, lets it come on and opens his bat face to dab it down to third man;
1.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, no run back of a length, angling into off stump, defended back to the bowler;
1.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, no run full, fourth-stump line, defended to mid-off. Just a bit of outswing, as always;
0.6;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run a little fuller, similar line as the previous ball, angling into off stump. Lets it come on and defends to mid-on;
0.5;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length on off stump, defended to mid-on;
0.4;1;Cummins to Rahane, 1 run back of a length outside off, dabbed away to third man;
0.3;4;Cummins to Rahane, FOUR runs length ball on middle stump, and that's beautifully played. Just leaned forward, let the ball arrive under his eyes, and met it with a straight bat, turning his wrists at the moment of contact to send it running away to the left of square leg;
0.2;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run length ball close to off stump, defended into the covers;
0.1;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run shortish, a bit of inward nip as Rahane looks to defend, ends up playing slightly outside the line. Appeal for lbw, but that definitely struck him too high, on the left thigh pad;

5.40pm Hello again. In these conditions, 243 might not be an entirely straightforward target to chase, but do Australia have an attack that can exploit this slow, low and grippy pitch? Rohit Sharma and Ajinkya Rahane are out in the middle now, as are the Australian players. It's Pat Cummins to bowl the first over.
 Innings Start
Australia
India
5th ODI (D/N), Nagpur, Oct 1 2017, Australia tour of India
242/9
243/3
Player of the match is Rohit Sharma, INDIA
India won by 7 wickets (with 43 balls remaining)
