Data
SanJay: "Is there a T20 innings where full 20 overs been played without a wicket? If yes, then Aussies would have made another record :)" -- Yep, a couple of instances of a partnership lasting the full 20 overs. S Nafees and Lou Vincent (for Khulna in 2013) and Kamran Akmal and Salman Butt (for Lahore Whites in 2017)
Dhaval: "The whole of Australia must be wondering: Where was this "Aaron Finch" against England? " -- Facing a much better bowling outfit, I think?
11.37am List of records broken today: 1) Highest T20I partnership, 2) Highest T20I score by a batsman, 3) Longest T20I partnership (in terms of balls), 4) Highest % of runs scored by one batsman in a T20 innings, 5) Most fours in a T20I innings
"This match reminds me of the Australia Zimbabwe Test where Hayden scored 380, the highest Test score back then. " -- That record didn't last too long. How long do you think Finch's record will last, eh, Mit Chowdhury?
Rajesh Lokhande: "Aus 229 @ CRR of 11.45. Leave 19 runs scored off Chisoro's 4 overs and it comes to 210 off 16 overs @ RR of 13.13. And at this rate they could have scored 263 runs off 20 overs, thus had the chance to equal the World record. Full marks to Chisoro here for averting this, atleast for now."
11.28am What carnage. Australia set the record for highest T20I partnership, Finch sets the world record for highest T20I score, but Australia end up with only 229. A good performance, but imagine what Australia could've achieved if D'Arcy Short batted with more intent. Will Zimbabwe attempt to chase this down? We'll see in 10 minutes.
Finch: Feeling good. The wicket played better than we thought. It came on well. I knew about the records when I was batting, but a few things went my way today. I took the strike from Short a bit, but that kind of innings for him will also help him. When the wickets get slower and lower, that kind of innings will help. I was captain of the opposition when Gayle got 175, so I remembered that record as well (smiles). The wicket is very good, so we have to bowl well too."
19.6;?;Muzarabani to Maxwell, no run short outside off, and Maxwell can't put this away. Tries to cut but the ball goes over his bat. Australia finish on 229 for 2!;
19.5;1;Muzarabani to Stoinis, 1 run length ball outside off, and muscled to long off for a walking single;
19.5;W;Muzarabani to Finch, 1 wide, OUT full and wide outside off stump, and Finch tries to cut it past point. He's overbalanced and falls over, and ends up hitting his bat onto his off stump. The ball's dislodged, and Finch has to go! Take a bow, sir! The highest T20I score ever by a batsman, having broken his own world record.;Aaron Finch hit wicket b Muzarabani 172 (76b 16x4 10x6) SR: 226.31;
19.4;2;Muzarabani to Finch, 2 runs full outside off, and he lifts this over Maxwell. Falls just short of long on, but Finch manages to get back on strike;
19.3;2;Muzarabani to Finch, 2 runs short outside off, and Finch flat-bats it past cover to the man in the deep. Comfortable two for Finch. Moves to 170;
19.2;W;Muzarabani to Short, OUT first wicket! Short slices this in the air, and the short ball does him in. Goes for the leg-side swipe, but he was through his shot too early. Taken by the keeper;D'Arcy Short c ?Moor b Muzarabani 46 (42b 3x4 2x6) SR: 109.52;
19.2;1w;Muzarabani to Short, 1 wide full and wide outside off. Too wide, in fact;
19.1;1;Muzarabani to Finch, 1 run full on off, and all Finch can do is drive it straight to long off;
18.6;?;Mpofu to Short, no run full outside off, and Short can't put it away. Tries to slog it to cow corner, but under edges it back to the keeper;
18.5;1;Mpofu to Finch, 1 run full outside off, and he drills a drive to the outfielder at deep extra cover. Gives short the final ball;
18.4;6;Mpofu to Finch, SIX runs full on leg stump, and Finch is only dealing in boundaries! Gets his front leg out of the way and thumps it over the long-on boundary! A feast for sore eyes;
18.3;6;Mpofu to Finch, SIX runs short and wide outside off, Finch punches it over deep extra cover, and there's the world record! Highest individual score in T20I cricket! Take a bow;
18.2;4;Mpofu to Finch, FOUR runs fullon off, and he goes for the big shot over midwicket. Top edges it, as the ball flies over the keeper for four;
18.1;2;Mpofu to Finch, 2 runs full and wide outside off. Finch opens his bat's face and runs it down to deep point. Finch gets to 150!;
18.1;2w;Mpofu to Short, 2 wide full and wide outside off, and Short lets the ball go to the keeper. The keeper fumbles as well, and that allows Finch to get back on strike;
17.6;4;Muzarabani to Finch, FOUR runs full and wide outside off, but Finch drags this from outside off to deposit it into the cow corner boundary. He's playing with the bowlers now. First double-hundred partnership in T20I cricket!;
17.5;1;Muzarabani to Short, 1 run full at the base of off stump, and Short check-drives to Masakanda at cover. An excellent stop;
17.4;1;Muzarabani to Finch, 1 run length ball but wide outside off. Finch has to reach out because of how far it is, but he still manages to flat bat it over the bowler. Looks like it's going for a six, but Chisoro manages to palm the ball back! Excellent effort at long on to stop the boundary;
17.3;1;Muzarabani to Short, 1 run full on off, and that's been driven straight to long off. Hit too well, and therefore just a single;
17.2;1;Muzarabani to Finch, 1 run length ball outside off, but angling into Finch. He pulls it over the square-leg umpire, and goes to the fielder in the deep on the bounce. Falls just short of the fielder;
17.1;?;Muzarabani to Finch, no run short outside off, and Finch attempts the pull. A rare missed shot from the batsman, as the keeper appeals for caught behind. The umpire isn't interested;
16.6;1;Mpofu to Finch, 1 run low full toss outside off, Finch muscles this down the ground to long on. He'll keep strike;
16.5;?;Mpofu to Finch, no run yorker on off, and that's an excellent delivery from Mpofu! Finch has no choice but to dig it back to the bowler;
16.4;?;Mpofu to Finch, no run overpitched outside off, and Finch drills this to cover once again. A rare dot ball;
16.3;4;Mpofu to Finch, FOUR runs short on middle, and Finch adjusts late to cut it over cover. Manages to chip it over the infield, and there's no one at deep extra cover either;
16.2;2;Mpofu to Finch, 2 runs good length on leg stump, and Finch backs away to the leg side. Drags the shot to cow corner, but still wants two. Could be trouble, but the throw isn't great. Finch survives;
16.1;1;Mpofu to Short, 1 run back of a length but wide outside off. Short flat-bats this past Finch to long on for a walking single;
15.6;2;Mire to Finch, 2 runs full outside off, and Finch leans into the cover drive. Lifts it over the infield, but Burl drops it in the deep! Tough chance, and he was diving forward, but the ball popped out of his hand;
15.5;4;Mire to Finch, FOUR runs short on middle, and once again Finch dispatches this over short fine leg. Finch just walked across to the off side to get inside the line of the ball before depositing it into the boundary;
15.4;4;Mire to Finch, FOUR runs good length on middle, and Finch waits for the ball to come to him. Rolls his wrists over this delivery and places this shot between short fine leg and square leg;
15.3;6;Mire to Finch, SIX runs there's the record! Full toss on off, and that's been smacked into the cow corner boundary! Too easy for Finch. In the slot and punished;
15.2;4;Mire to Finch, FOUR runs good length outside off, and Finch has all the time to drag this pull to the leg side. The bowler tried to bowl this from the back of his hand, but Finch wasn't troubled at all. One-bounce four;
15.1;1;Mire to Short, 1 run full outside off, and Short tries to muscle it to midwicket. The ball takes the inside edge, and goes to short fine leg instead. Almost crashed into off stump!;
14.6;2;Nyumbu to Finch, 2 runs good length outside off, and Finch shuffles across to the off side to cut. Mistimes it to cover;
14.5;6;Nyumbu to Finch, SIX runs toe ends it over long off! That's how strong Aaron Finch is. Overpitched outside off, and Finch loses his balance as he tries to lift it over the bowler. Somehow manages to earn six runs;
14.4;1;Nyumbu to Short, 1 run good length outside off, and cut off the back foot to the square fielder in the deep;
14.3;4;Nyumbu to Short, FOUR runs full outside off, and Short comes dancing down the wicket to meet the ball on the up. Executes a beautiful cover drive to move into the forties;
14.2;1;Nyumbu to Finch, 1 run he's just toying with the Zimbabwe bowlers. Full outside off, and Finch goes down on one knee to attempt another big shot. Mistimes it to long on though;
14.1;6;Nyumbu to Finch, SIX runs back of a length outside off, but spinning into Finch. Too short for the tall man, and he backs away and pulls it to the wide long-on boundary. Making things look too easy;
13.6;1;Burl to Finch, 1 run full just outside off, and Finch shuffles across to work this to the leg side. There's his hundred!;
13.5;1;Burl to Short, 1 run full on middle, and Short whips it to the midwicket boundary for a walking single;
13.4;6;Burl to Short, SIX runs full outside leg stump, but Short comes dancing down the wicket to convert it into a full toss. Uses his wrists to deposit it over the midwicket boundary. Too easy for these Australian batsmen now. Easy come, easy go;
13.3;1;Burl to Finch, 1 run full outside off, and spinning slightly away. Finch frees his arms, and crunches a square drive to the fielder in the deep;
13.2;1;Burl to Short, 1 run full on middle stump, and Short muscles this drive past the non-striker to long on;
13.1;6;Burl to Short, SIX runs full outside off, and spinning further away. He's forced to reach at it, but still manages to clear the boundary. Slices this over wide long off!;
12.6;?;Chisoro to Finch, no run quicker ball to end the over. Length ball on middle, and spinning into Finch's body. Misses out on the leg-side flick;
12.5;6;Chisoro to Finch, SIX runs moves on to 98! Full on leg, but Finch shuffles across to the leg side. Lifts it over long off thereafter. Too easy for the man;
12.4;?;Chisoro to Finch, no run cheeky! But doesn't come off. Full on off, and Finch tries to ramp it over the keeper's head. Misses out;
12.3;1;Chisoro to Short, 1 run full on off, but Short comes shimmying down the wicket. Short eventually yorks himself, so all he can do is squeeze this past the non-striker to long off;
12.2;1;Chisoro to Finch, 1 run full on middle, and driven inside out to cover. Gives Short the strike once again;
12.1;?;Chisoro to Finch, no run full on leg stump, and Finch backs away to make some room. Misses out on the straight drive as the ball hits the keeper's pad;
11.6;1;Chibhabha to Finch, 1 run back of a length outside off, and Finch tiptoes to flick this off his hips. Played to the backward square leg boundary;
11.5;4;Chibhabha to Finch, FOUR runs muscled over cow corner! What power from Finch. It's a half tracker on off, and Finch can really tee up to this delivery. Smashes it to the boundary;
11.4;?;Chibhabha to Finch, no run full on middle, and he paddles this behind square on the leg side. Straight to short fine leg though;
11.3;2;Chibhabha to Finch, 2 runs length ball outside off, and Finch drags a pull to the leg side on this occasion. The bowler's taken the pace off his bowling in this over;
11.2;?;Chibhabha to Finch, no run short just outside off, and Finch misses the pull over midwicket. Done in by the slower-ball bouncer;
11.1;2;Chibhabha to Finch, 2 runs short and wide outside off, and Finch flat-bats it straight to the bowler. Chibhabha sticks his right hand out, and the ball hits him full on the palm. That must've hurt, but the bowler doesn't show it. The ball goes away to the long-on boundary;
10.6;1;Chisoro to Finch, 1 run full on middle, and turned off his toes to the fielder at deep backward square. Just a single;
10.5;1;Chisoro to Short, 1 run full on leg, and Finch backs away once again. Drags this drive to long on;
10.4;1;Chisoro to Finch, 1 run yorker on leg stump, but Finch was backing away already to make some extra room. But the ball lands too close to him, and Finch can't drive it away. Goes through to the keeper;
10.3;1;Chisoro to Short, 1 run full on off, and Short uses his wrists to drive through the empty mid-off region;
10.2;?;Chisoro to Short, no run full on middle, and Short prods forward. Defends it back to Chisoro;
10.1;?;Chisoro to Short, no run yorker on middle stump, and Short just about manages to dig this ball away to the leg side;
9.6;1;Chibhabha to Short, 1 run length ball on off and angling away from Short. He pulls it in front of square to the fielder in the deep. Australia at 106 for 0 after ten overs;
9.5;1;Chibhabha to Finch, 1 run length ball outside off, but angling into Finch. He opens his bat's face and glances it to backward point;
9.4;4;Chibhabha to Finch, FOUR runs carnage! Full on off, and he shovels this over the umpire. Sends him ducking as the ball races away to the straight boundary;
9.3;2;Chibhabha to Finch, 2 runs slower ball, but short on off again. Finch drags the pull to deep midwicket, and enough time for the duo to take the second. Wayward throw from the deep to the bowler. If he was accurate, then Short may have been...short;
9.2;1;Chibhabha to Short, 1 run back of a length outside off, and Short slaps this cut past the diving point fielder. The man in the deep manages to intercept though;
9.1;1;Chibhabha to Finch, 1 run full just outside off, and Finch must adjust due to the lack of pace in this delivery. Punched past the bowler to long off;
8.6;?;Chisoro to Short, no run full on middle, and driven to the leg side. Finds midwicket though;
8.5;?;Chisoro to Short, no run overpitched outside off, and Short drills a cover drive straight to the fielder;
8.4;1;Chisoro to Finch, 1 run length ball on middle, and Finch pulls this to the sweeper fielder on the leg side once again;
8.3;1;Chisoro to Short, 1 run full on leg stump, and Short is happy to give Finch the strike. Pushed to square leg off the back foot;
8.2;?;Chisoro to Short, no run length ball outside off, and Short carves a late cut. Straight to backward point though;
8.1;1;Chisoro to Finch, 1 run back of a length on middle. Finch rocks back and pulls this straight to the fielder at deep backward square;
7.6;1;Burl to Finch, 1 run full on middle, but drifting down leg. Finch pushes it to deep midwicket for one;
7.5;2;Burl to Finch, 2 runs good length on middle, and worked off his pads to the leg side. Nobody's there in the infield so both keeper and bowler go running after it. With no one manning the stumps, Finch has no trouble coming back for the second run;
7.4;4;Burl to Finch, FOUR runs savage! Full, but wide outside off. But no problem for Finch. Gets down on one knee again, and drives it over Burl to the straight boundary. One-bounce four;
7.3;6;Burl to Finch, SIX runs full outside off, and Finch goes down on one knee to meet this ball. Thumps it over the non-striker and the ball soars over the fielder at long on as well!;
7.2;1;Burl to Short, 1 run full outside off, and Short comes dancing down the wicket. Drives it, rather uncomfortably, to the fielder at extra cover;
7.1;?;Burl to Short, no run full on middle, but no legspin on offer. Turned off the front foot to square leg;
6.6;1;Chisoro to Short, 1 run fuller on off, and Short nudges it to the vacant midwicket region for a single. Best over of the day for Zimbabwe;
6.5;?;Chisoro to Short, no run good length outside off, and angling away from the left-hander. Short tries to poke at it, but can't get bat to ball;
6.4;?;Chisoro to Short, no run length ball outside off, and Short tries to punch this to the off side. Finds the fielder at cover but still wants the single. Better sense prevails as Finch sends Short back;
6.3;2;Chisoro to Short, 2 runs length ball on middle, and Short shuffles across to the off side. Turns it off his legs to fine leg;
6.2;?;Chisoro to Short, no run length ball outside off, and spinning further away from Short. Attempts a cut, but the ball goes under his bat;
6.1;1;Chisoro to Finch, 1 run back of a length on off, and Finch works it off the back foot to the leg side. Quick single;
5.6;?;Mpofu to Short, no run back of a length on off, and Short pulls to midwicket. In the air for a while, but lands just short of Masakadza. Australia at 75 for 0 at the end of the Powerplay;
5.5;1;Mpofu to Finch, 1 run full on middle, and comfortably nudged off his pads to the sweeper fielder on the leg side;
5.4;4;Mpofu to Finch, FOUR runs short and wide, and Finch was waiting for that width. Slaps a cut through the square region and not a single infielder moved an inch!;
5.3;6;Mpofu to Finch, SIX runs full on middle, and Finch makes room towards the leg side before freeing his arms. Has a proper swing of the bat, and tonks this over midwicket. The bat turns in his hands, but still finds the fence. Fifty in 22 balls!;
5.2;?;Mpofu to Finch, no run short and wide outside off, but with the pace taken off this delivery. Finch looks to cut it square, but he's through his shot too early. Mistimed to short cover;
5.1;4;Mpofu to Finch, FOUR runs length ball drifting down leg, and Finch has no problem in flicking it fine past the keeper's left. The ball runs away to the fine-leg boundary in no time;
4.6;4;Muzarabani to Short, FOUR runs too full on off, and driven square through the covers! Pays the price for overcompensating on his length. Short mistimes that drive, but still has enough behind it to earn a boundary;
4.5;?;Muzarabani to Short, no run full on middle, and angling away from Short. He tries to play the big on-drive through mid on, but plays inside the line of the delivery. The ball flies into the keeper's gloves;
4.5;1w;Muzarabani to Short, 1 wide length ball outside leg stump, and going down leg. Short misses the flick to fine leg, but the ball takes a feather touch off his thigh pad. The keeper appeals but the umpire isn't interested. Calls it as a wide as well;
4.4;1;Muzarabani to Finch, 1 run bouncer on off, but Finch simply rolls his gloves over this pull shot. Plays it along the ground to the outfielder in the deep;
4.3;6;Muzarabani to Finch, SIX runs full outside off, and once again allowing Finch to open his shoulders. Offers the bat's full follow through and lifts it over extra cover for a monster hit;
4.2;4;Muzarabani to Finch, FOUR runs back of a length outside off, and Finch backs away to the leg side to free his arms. Stands tall and thumps this with the flat bat over mid off. Muscled, really;
4.1;4lb;Muzarabani to Finch, 4 leg byes back of a length outside off, but angling into Finch. He tries to whip it to the leg-side, but the ball hits the top of his pads and races away to the third-man boundary. The bowler wouldn't mind that, despite the free runs;
3.6;1;Mpofu to Finch, 1 run full on off, and Finch blocks it with soft hands. Plays it to short cover and calls early for the single. He'll keep strike;
3.5;1;Mpofu to Short, 1 run length ball outside off, but slower from Mpofu. Short turns this off his hips to the vacant square-leg region for a jogging single;
3.4;1;Mpofu to Finch, 1 run length ball outside off, and the delivery stays slightly low. Takes Finch by surprise as he check punches off the back foot. Mistimed to mid on;
3.3;?;Mpofu to Finch, no run back of a length on the fourth-stump line outside off. Finch rides the bounce and punches to cover;
3.2;6;Mpofu to Finch, SIX runs there's the first six! Full on middle, and Finch takes a big stride forward to meet the ball on the full. Proper follow through of the bat as he tonks an on-drive over the wide long-on boundary;
3.1;?;Mpofu to Finch, no run full just outside off, and too close for Finch to cut. He tries the shot anyway, and should be lucky that the ball didn't take the bat's outside edge;
2.6;4;Nyumbu to Short, FOUR runs thick outside edge! But there's nobody at slip. The first ball from Nyumbu that didn't have a slip for Short. He tried to punch this through cover, but the ball took the outside of his bat. Races away to the third-man boundary. Cruel, cruel sport;
2.5;?;Nyumbu to Short, no run full on off, and Short looks to tee up and smack it straight down the ground. Checks his shot at the last moment though;
2.4;1;Nyumbu to Finch, 1 run length ball outside off, and spinning into Finch. He makes some room and mistimes the cut to point;
2.3;4;Nyumbu to Finch, FOUR runs back of a length on middle, and Finch backs away once more. Cuts it inside out past the diving cover fielder for a hat-trick of fours!;
2.2;4;Nyumbu to Finch, FOUR runs full on middle, but Finch simply steps forward and uses his wrists to whip it over the square-leg umpire. Well timed, not too hard, not too soft;
2.1;4;Nyumbu to Finch, FOUR runs length ball outside off, but Finch backs away to make some extra room. Flat-bats it over the bowler's head, like a gentle lob over Nyumbu, and the ball races into the long-off boundary;
1.6;1;Muzarabani to Finch, 1 run back of a length outside off, and Finch is rather surprised by the lack of bounce. Turns it off his hips to midwicket and calls early for the single. Short wants two, but Finch says no;
1.5;?;Muzarabani to Finch, no run full just outside off, and Finch chooses to block with soft hands. The ball hits his bat and flies away to backward point;
1.4;4;Muzarabani to Finch, FOUR runs length ball outside off, and that's been drilled through cover! Stands tall and punches it through the infield. Hits it from right under his eyes. Looking good already!;
1.3;1;Muzarabani to Short, 1 run low full toss on middle, and Short attempts the cover drive. Slices the shot, though, and therefore it trickles down to third man instead. Muzarabani was looking for the yorker, but just missed his length there;
1.2;?;Muzarabani to Short, no run length ball on off, and angling further wide from Short. He chases after it, trying to cut it over point, but misses the shot completely. Short will be disappointed that he offered no footwork. Could've easily got that over the infield for a boundary;
1.1;?;Muzarabani to Short, no run full on middle, and Short defends it straight back to the bowler. Comes off the bat's inside half on this occasion;
0.6;2;Nyumbu to Finch, 2 runs full outside off, and flicked away to the vacant midwicket region. Nice, early call for the single from Finch;
0.5;1lb;Nyumbu to Short, 1 leg bye huge appeal for lbw! But not given. Full on middle, but drifting down leg. Short misses the shot to midwicket and the ball hits his front leg;
0.4;2;Nyumbu to Short, 2 runs full and wide outside off, and Short crunches this drive through the covers. Goes past the infielders, and long off has to go racing to his right. Has a shy at the keeper's stumps, but Short manages to scamper back;
0.3;1;Nyumbu to Finch, 1 run flat on off once again. Finch rocks back and pushes at it to the fielder at long on. He's content with a single;
0.2;1;Nyumbu to Short, 1 run fuller outside off, and that's been tentatively punched off the front foot. Long off cleans up;
0.1;1;Nyumbu to Finch, 1 run flat ball on off, and spinning into Finch. He taps it off the front foot to midwicket to get off the mark. Nobody there so the bowler has to go running after it;

9.59 Out come the two Australia openers. Just a handful of fans in so far. Hopefully people keep trickling in as the day progresses. Offspinner John Nyumbu to start things off.
Liam Brickhill from Harare: We had multiple verses of Advance Australia Fair yesterday, no anthems at all today!
Hamilton Masakadza: "Looking to use the moisture in the wicket. I think there is an advantage in bowling first. Another opportunity for the youngers to prove themselves. Need to raise our hands up and take responsibility. We look to express ourselves and take the game deeper."
Aaron Finch: "Aim to back up a good performance. We would've bowled first too, but now hope to post a good score. Not a huge amount of difference between batting first and second yesterday. Should be a good wicket for the 40 overs. No plans of switching our batting order. Same order, we want to be in a good space, so important to keep the continuity."
Vinay B N: "Zimbabwe have a 100% win record against Australia in T20. That's a big boost for hosts !"
9.30am Zimbabwe win the toss and elect to bowl. Mpofu in for Jarvis. Australia unchanged
Zimbabwe XI: Solomon Mire, Chamu Chibhabha, Hamilton Masakadza(capt), Tarisai Musakanda, Peter Moor (wk), Elton Chigumbura, Ryan Burl, Tendai Chisoro, Chris Mpofu, John Nyumbu, Blessing Muzarabani
Australia XI: Aaron Finch(capt), D' Arcy Short, Travis Head, Glenn Maxwell, Nic Maddinson, Marcus Stoinis, Alex Carey (wk), Ashton Agar, Andrew Tye, Jhye Richardson, Billy Stanlake
shubham bali: "Finch is incredibly consistent as an opener, Billy did well to the match, but the Aussies are still in trouble with the batting lineup. D'Arcy should fire up today. It's a great chance for D'Arcy."
Sam: "Also worth noting that it was a similar story in the 4-1 series loss at home for Aus - the batting let the side down. So at least we know what we need to fix for the World Cup. Just got to figure out how. "
9.27am The visitors are warming up with some stretching exercises. It's warm and bright at the ground as well. Perfect conditions for cricket. The pitch has some dark patches, especially near the good length area from one end. We hear it's a fresh track, so your guess is as good as mine on how the surface will play.
9.20am Ten minutes for the toss. Enough time to see who the cricketers are rooting for at the Football World Cup. Or maybe, you could read about Ravi Shastri's new-found rapping skills. (Yes, you read that right)
9.10am Did you know - there was an awkward moment yesterday when Australia lined up for the national anthem. Liam Brickhill has all the gossip here.
DrRaka: "After last match I am quite surprised what had happened in England " -- The surfaces in England are much flatter than in Harare. There's enough in the surface here to assist both pace and spin. Australia's bowling was never the worry in England - it was their batting that looked toothless even on flat surfaces. So I'm not as surprised as you, to be honest.
9am The games are coming in thick and fast, and Australia take the field (once again) after yesterday's demolition of Pakistan. They face Zimbabwe today, who suffered a hammering of their own against Pakistan in the series opener.
A loss for the hosts, and their backs will truly be against the wall with back-to-back defeats, but a win will throw the tournament wide open. Victory against a confident Australian side won't be easy, but you know what they say: the shorter the format, the bigger the chances of an upset. This is Sreshth Shah, and welcome to ESPNcricinfo's coverage of the T20 tri-series from Harare.
 Innings Start
2pm That's all from us at ESPNcricinfo. What a memorable day for cricket. A record-breaking day as Australia secured their passage into the tri-series final. The cricket, however, does not stop at all. We'll be back, once again, tomorrow morning to bring you the fourth game of the series - between Zimbabwe and Pakistan. Till then, on behalf of Ranjith P, this is Sreshth Shah signing off.
1.53pm Time for the presentation.
Aaron Finch, the winning captain. Says: "Yeah, it was nice to get a few in the middle, and break the record. Could've started better with the ball, so I thought we could've been more polished in the field. I thought using the spinners was the right move on the surface. Short was good too, but we bowled well in the middle overs. This innings is right up there. They don't happen very often, so very pleased with it."
Hamilton Masakadza, the losing captain. Says: "We thought it couldn't get tougher than the first match, but here it was - got tougher. Credit to Finch, he struck it from first ball. Think we can bowl a bit better. We've conceded few too many in the Powerplay. We need someone to take a bit more responsibility. Boys started well with the bat. Tomorrow, let's see if we can improve in tomorrow's game against Pakistan."
Pranay: "They have post match presentation? Who is paying for that? Can poor cricketers get their salaries instead? All those exasperated by ZIM's performance, try working for free. " -- Whoa, easy there, Pranay. Zimbabwe Cricket have recently been handed a lifeline to get their finances sorted
1.20pm If you're wondering what records were broken today. Here's the full list
Sharma: "Finch showing what is wrong with the Australian ODI team. Why can't Australia play this team in the ODI format? Yes, Paine is amazing in tests but he has no place in the limited squad - and if you need more strength in the middle over, bring in Bailey for captaincy...or let Finch do it! "
Salman Zafar: "Australia beat Zimbabwe for the very first time in T20 history lol :)"
1.15pm The win never looked in doubt for Australia, even when Zimbabwe were going at over 10 per over in the Powerplay. The day belonged to Aaron Finch - who scored over 75% of Australia's runs today in his innings of 172. With a score like that, the task for Australia's bowlers were simple. They got smashed early on, but Tye and Agar did well to finish with remarkable figures of 3 for 12 and 2 for 16. That means Australia have qualfieid into the final, and now have a ridiculous NRR of +5.10. Stick around for the post-match presentation
19.6;?;Tye to Nyumbu, no run yorker on off, and blocked to cover. Australia win by 100 runs!;
19.5;1;Tye to Muzarabani, 1 run low full toss on off, and that's been driven to long on for a single;
19.4;1;Tye to Nyumbu, 1 run slower ball, full on off. Nyumbu uses his wrists to work it to fine leg for a single;
19.3;4;Tye to Nyumbu, FOUR runs short on off, and that's been slapped over backward point! The audacity, you'd think, but Nyumbu gets this off the mean of the bat!;
19.2;?;Tye to Nyumbu, no run back of a length outside off. Nyumbu tries to poke at it, but inside edges it to the keeper. Almost chopped on;
19.1;?;Tye to Nyumbu, no run full just outside off, and driven to cover point;
18.6;?;Stoinis to Muzarabani, no run rolls his fingers over this delivery. Lands full on off, and Muzarabani defends it back to the bowler;
18.5;1;Stoinis to Nyumbu, 1 run good length on off, and that's been worked away off his pads to the sweeper fielder on the leg side;
18.4;?;Stoinis to Nyumbu, no run full just outside off stump. Nyumbu tries to play towards midwicket, but misses, and the ball sneaks through between bat and pad.;
18.3;?;Stoinis to Nyumbu, no run full just outside off. Nyumbu drives to cover;
18.2;?;Stoinis to Nyumbu, no run good length outside off, but Nyumbu can't put it away. Attempts the cut, but he's done in by Stoinis' extra pace on this occasion;
18.1;W;Stoinis to Mpofu, OUT short on middle, and he tries to pull. Slices it though, and Short races in front mid on to complete a simple catch. Zimbabwe nine down;Chris Mpofu c Short b Stoinis 3 (16b 0x4 0x6) SR: 18.75;
17.6;1;Tye to Mpofu, 1 run low full toss on middle, and he manages to swing through to the leg side. A single collected;
17.5;?;Tye to Mpofu, no run good length just outside off, and he prepares to play the late cut. Except he can't get bat to ball;
17.4;?;Tye to Mpofu, no run good length outside off, and slapped off the front foot to cover;
17.3;?;Tye to Mpofu, no run yorker on leg stump, and the batsman does really well to dig it out of the blockhole;
17.2;?;Tye to Mpofu, no run full on middle stump, and he works it off his toes to short fine leg;
17.1;W;Tye to Burl, OUT full outside off, and Burl drags this to the leg side. Swings through the ball's line, but mistimes it to long on. The easiest of catches for Richardson;Ryan Burl c Richardson b Tye 10 (15b 1x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
16.6;?;Stoinis to Mpofu, no run good length outside off, but angling into the stumps. Mpofu attempts the cut but misses out on the shot;
16.5;1;Stoinis to Burl, 1 run good length outside leg stump, and Burl pokes down to fine leg for a single;
16.5;1w;Stoinis to Burl, 1 wide short outside leg, and the ball loops over Burl's head;
16.5;1w;Stoinis to Burl, 1 wide full, but wide down the leg side. Burl manages to prise out the wide by staying inside the line of the ball;
16.4;1;Stoinis to Mpofu, 1 run good length ball outside off. Mpofu shuffles across to the off side and works it off his pads to square leg;
16.3;1;Stoinis to Burl, 1 run good length on middle, and worked off his hips to square leg for a single;
16.2;?;Stoinis to Burl, no run full on middle stump, and defended with soft hands by Burl;
16.2;1w;Stoinis to Burl, 1 wide slower ball, but full outside leg stump. Goes to Carey on the bounce;
16.1;4;Stoinis to Burl, FOUR runs length ball on leg stump, and Burl has no trouble in working this off his hips. Played fine, and the ball races away for a boundary;
15.6;1;Jhye Richardson to Burl, 1 run full outside off, and Burl mistimes this drive to long off. Just the single. Zimbabwe on a Nelson;
15.5;?;Jhye Richardson to Burl, no run good length on middle, and Burl comes down the wicket to try and slog to the leg side. Misses out;
15.4;1;Jhye Richardson to Mpofu, 1 run full on middle, and Mpofu works it off his pads to deep backward sqaure;
15.3;?;Jhye Richardson to Mpofu, no run good length just outside off. Mpofu shuffles across to the off side, and defends to cover point;
15.2;1;Jhye Richardson to Burl, 1 run good length on leg, and worked off his pads to fine leg for a single;
15.1;?;Jhye Richardson to Burl, no run length ball on middle, that Burl taps to cover with soft hands;
14.6;?;Agar to Mpofu, no run good length outside off, and blocked off the back foot. Maiden over!;
14.5;?;Agar to Mpofu, no run full just outside off. Mpofu tries to paddle this fine down the leg side, but misses. Impact's outside off though;
14.4;?;Agar to Mpofu, no run full on off, but turning away from Mpofu. Defended towards the off side with soft hands;
14.3;?;Agar to Mpofu, no run full on middle, and drilled straight back to Agar;
14.2;?;Agar to Mpofu, no run full on off, and pushed to the leg side;
14.1;?;Agar to Mpofu, no run full just outside off, and Mpofu defends off the front foot;
13.6;W;Maxwell to Chisoro, OUT slogged! But straight to deep midwicket. Tries to play another big shot, but mistimes it to the fielder in the deep. Not off the bat's sweet spot;Tendai Chisoro c Agar b Maxwell 6 (7b 0x4 1x6) SR: 85.71;
13.5;6;Maxwell to Chisoro, SIX runs golf swing! Biggest six of the day. Short ball on middle, and Chisoro swings through the ball's line to deposit this into the parking lot. Over long on;
13.4;?;Maxwell to Chisoro, no run reverse swept to short third man this time. Full on off, but too close to the batsman's body;
13.3;?;Maxwell to Chisoro, no run good length on off, and spinning into Chisoro. Defended off the back foot to point;
13.2;?;Maxwell to Chisoro, no run full just outisde off, and Chisoro tries to cheekily ramp it over the keeper. Misses out;
13.1;1;Maxwell to Burl, 1 run good length on middle, and pulled off the back foot to midwicket;
12.6;?;Tye to Chisoro, no run yorker on middle stump. Almost perfect, except for the fact that the ball didn't crash into middle stump. Chisoro had no idea where that ball landed, but somehow manages to get his bat down;
12.5;?;Tye to Chisoro, no run length ball on middle stump. Blocked off the back foot;
12.4;W;Tye to Chigumbura, OUT full on off, and he tees off for a big shot. Well, that's what he wanted to do, but Tye's slower ball induces the false shot from the batsman. Skies it, and Short - at long on - races forward to complete an easy catch;Elton Chigumbura c Short b Tye 7 (10b 1x4 0x6) SR: 70;
12.3;?;Tye to Chigumbura, no run good length on off, and punched away off the back foot. Hit quite square, but finds the fielder at cover point on this occasion;
12.2;?;Tye to Chigumbura, no run full on middle, and Chigumbura defends off the front foot. Played to mid on;
12.1;?;Tye to Chigumbura, no run good length just outside off, and Chigumbura taps it to cover point. Burl wants the single, but Chigumbura says 'no';
11.6;?;Jhye Richardson to Burl, no run full outside off, but stays really low! Burl misses his swipe to cover, and the ball rolls into Carey's gloves;
11.5;?;Jhye Richardson to Burl, no run good length on leg stump, and Burl can't tap this away to square leg. Hits his front leg, and trickles away to the leg side;
11.4;1;Jhye Richardson to Chigumbura, 1 run full on middle, and the batsman taps this to midwicket for a quick single;
11.3;1;Jhye Richardson to Burl, 1 run good length on leg stump, and Burl looks to play towards midwicket. But the ball takes a leading edge and goes to short third man instead;
11.2;?;Jhye Richardson to Burl, no run good length on middle, and blocked off the front foot to cover point;
11.1;1lb;Jhye Richardson to Chigumbura, 1 leg bye back of a length on middle, and he attempts the pull behind square. Through his shot too early, so the ball hits his right shoulder instead;
10.6;?;Tye to Burl, no run length ball on off, and angling away from the batsman. Defended firmly off the back foot;
10.5;W;Tye to Moor, OUT caught and bowled! Moor lobs this straight to Tye. Full on off, and he drives straight. Deceived by the slower ball, and he taps it to the bowler for an easy catch. Zimbabwe five down now;Peter Moor c & b Tye 19 (11b 2x4 1x6) SR: 172.72;
10.4;?;Tye to Moor, no run slower-ball yorker on middle stump. Moor spots it early and fends it back to Tye;
10.3;?;Tye to Moor, no run length ball on middle, and Moor pushes it off the back foot. Mid on's quick to intercept;
10.2;1;Tye to Chigumbura, 1 run good length on middle, and that's been nudged to the leg side. Carey scampers across to square leg and stops them from taking two;
10.1;4;Tye to Chigumbura, FOUR runs good length just outside off. Chigumbura backs away, sticks his bat out, and gets the outside edge to earn four runs. Played just past the keeper's right, and placed perfectly between Carey and short third man;
9.6;2;Agar to Moor, 2 runs overpitched on off stump, and Moor check-drives it to deep extra cover. Enough time to come back for two;
9.5;1;Agar to Chigumbura, 1 run full outside off, and spinning away from the new man in. Driven to deep extra cover off the front foot;
9.4;?;Agar to Chigumbura, no run full on off, and defended back to Agar;
9.3;W;Agar to Masakadza, OUT deceived by the length! Excellent ball from Agar to prise out the wicket. Saw Masakadza skipping down and dropped his length. The ball pitched outside off, and then spun further away, with the batsman halfway down the wicket. Carey collects in a flash, and wastes no time to whip the bails off;Hamilton Masakadza st ?Carey b Agar 12 (14b 1x4 0x6) SR: 85.71;
9.2;1;Agar to Moor, 1 run fuller outside off, and Moor pushes it through the covers to the man in the deep;
9.1;1;Agar to Masakadza, 1 run full just outside off, and that's been driven down the ground to long off. Just the single;
8.6;6;Short to Moor, SIX runs on the roof! Big end to the over. Short on middle, and Moor pulls this straight over Andrew Tye at long on. The crowd needs hard hats!;
8.5;4;Short to Moor, FOUR runs full on off, and no trouble for Moor to free his arms. Full swing of the bat as he hits this straight down the ground;
8.4;4;Short to Moor, FOUR runs length ball on middle, and Moor tees up to swing towards the leg side. A ball ball that gets the treatment it deserves. Lands just short of the boundary rope;
8.3;1;Short to Masakadza, 1 run reverse swept over the keeper! Not the most good-looking shot, but they'll still get some runs. Length ball on off, and he tried to reverse it over short third man's head;
8.2;1;Short to Moor, 1 run full toss on middle, and Moor gets down on one knee to slog. Mistimes it to Agar in the deep;
8.1;?;Short to Moor, no run full on off, and Moor defends off the front foot;
7.6;1;Agar to Moor, 1 run full on leg stump, and that's been worked away to fine leg for a single;
7.5;W;Agar to Musakanda, OUT full on middle, and he goes for the expansive sweep! Misses the shot, and the ball hits his front leg. Agar appeals and the umpire raises his finger;Tarisai Musakanda lbw b Agar 10 (7b 0x4 1x6) SR: 142.85;
7.4;1;Agar to Masakadza, 1 run full outside off again, and Masakadza has no trouble milking this to wide long off for another single;
7.3;1;Agar to Musakanda, 1 run good length outside off, and that's been punched to wide long off for one;
7.2;1;Agar to Masakadza, 1 run tossed up outside off, and Masakadza drives inside out over cover. Work for the fielder in the deep, but he ensures they can't come back for two;
7.1;1;Agar to Musakanda, 1 run full on leg stump, and that's been nudged off his pads to short fine leg;
6.6;1;Short to Musakanda, 1 run good length on off, and that's been muscled down the ground to long off. Man there though;
6.5;?;Short to Musakanda, no run length ball on middle, and he swivels to pull behind square. Misses;
6.4;1;Short to Masakadza, 1 run flat outside off. Spinning further away from the batsman, as he chips it over the non-striker. Shouts of 'catch it' as Tye gets under it at long on. But the ball pops out as Tye dives forward to complete the catch. Goes down as a dropped chance;
6.3;?;Short to Masakadza, no run full on leg stump, and he pushes it to midwicket on this occasion;
6.2;1;Short to Musakanda, 1 run short on middle, and that's been pulled once again to deep midwicket. The batsman was cramped for space there;
6.1;1;Short to Masakadza, 1 run length ball on middle, and spinning away from the batsman. He pulls off the back foot to deep midwicket;
5.6;6;Stanlake to Musakanda, SIX runs starts off with a six! Zimbabwe on 63 for 2 after the Powerplay. Full outside off, and Musakanda swings through the ball's line to lift it over the long-on boundary. Stanlake's shell-shocked!;
5.5;W;Stanlake to Mire, OUT full just outside off, and that's been driven to mid on. Hit uppishly, but it can't clear the infield. Stoinis cups his hands in front of his face, and completes a comfortable soft dismissal. Zimbabwe two down;Solomon Mire c Stoinis b Stanlake 28 (19b 5x4 1x6) SR: 147.36;
5.4;?;Stanlake to Mire, no run full just outside off. Mire tries to push at it off the front foot, but he misses the shot;
5.3;?;Stanlake to Mire, no run short on middle, and he goes for the pull shot. The ball was always rising, and hits his helmet instead! Mire doesn't flinch!;
5.2;4;Stanlake to Mire, FOUR runs length ball outside off, and Mire mistimes a cut shot. Edges it, but finds the gap past the keeper's left. Third man can't cut it off either, and Zimbabwe earn four more runs!;
5.1;1;Stanlake to Masakadza, 1 run good length outside off, and the attempted punch comes off the bat's inside half. It goes to short fine leg as the batsmen scamper across for one;
4.6;4;Agar to Mire, FOUR runs full on middle, and he frees his arms to end the over with a boundary! Gets his front leg out of the way and thumps it into the long-on boundary. Fifty for Zimbabwe too!;
4.5;?;Agar to Mire, no run flatter ball on middle stump. Mire rocks back and taps it back to the non-striker;
4.4;1;Agar to Masakadza, 1 run full on middle, and Masakadza comes down the wicket to flick to square leg;
4.3;?;Agar to Masakadza, no run full on middle, and drilled off his toes to mid on. No run though;
4.2;1;Agar to Mire, 1 run big appeal for lbw! But the umpire's not giving it. Full on middle and Masakadza tries the reverse sweep. The ball misses his bat and hits his front leg. Should've been given out but there's no DRS here. Mire survives and Agar cannot believe his luck;
4.1;?;Agar to Mire, no run full on middle, and Mire can't connect with the straight drive. The ball angles into his pads, and hits his front leg instead;
3.6;4;Jhye Richardson to Masakadza, FOUR runs short on off, and he rolls his wrists over this to pull this along the ground to the deep midwicket boundary. A positive end to the over for Zimbabwe;
3.5;?;Jhye Richardson to Masakadza, no run length ball on the fourth-stump line. Not allowing the new batsman to free his arms. Defended off the back foot;
3.4;?;Jhye Richardson to Masakadza, no run short on middle, and he defends off the front foot. Hits the bat's handle;
3.3;W;Jhye Richardson to Chibhabha, OUT chopped on! Length ball outside off, but angling into the batsman. Tries to cut, and he under-edges this onto his pads. The ball ricochets off his pads and into Carey's gloves, and the umpire raises his finger to the keeper's appeal;Chamu Chibhabha c ?Carey b Richardson 18 (10b 1x4 1x6) SR: 180;
3.3;1w;Jhye Richardson to Chibhabha, 1 wide good length on middle, but going down the leg side once again. Carey intercepts, but the umpire calls for extras;
3.2;6;Jhye Richardson to Chibhabha, SIX runs crunched over deep midwicket! Lands in the second tier. Short on leg stump, and he backs away before lifting it over the square-leg fielder. The ball flies into the stands;
3.2;1w;Jhye Richardson to Chibhabha, 1 wide short, but going down the leg side. Chibhabha's quick to get out of the delivery's way;
3.1;4;Jhye Richardson to Chibhabha, FOUR runs length ball outside off, and that's been punched! Pierces the two fielders at cover, and times this beautifully for four. Zimbabwe are chasing this game...;
2.6;?;Stanlake to Mire, no run good length outside off, but takes some extra bounce! Through to Carey as Mire misses the cut. Was too close his body anyway;
2.5;4;Stanlake to Mire, FOUR runs good length just outside off, and Mire glances this fine! Third man tries his best to cut it off, but he's just too wide;
2.4;6;Stanlake to Mire, SIX runs short outside off, and that's been slapped over point! Mire's not messing around. Rides the bounce and crunches it off the back foot;
2.3;4;Stanlake to Mire, FOUR runs full outside off, and Mire goes for the big shot again! Doesn't quite connect with the leg-side slog, but still manages to top edge it over first slip;
2.2;4;Stanlake to Mire, FOUR runs length ball just outside off, and Mire muscles this over mid on! Swings through the line of the ball, and manages to clear the infield;
2.1;?;Stanlake to Mire, no run length ball outside off, and that's been tapped to the off side off the back foot. Comes off the bat's outside half as the ball flies away to backward point;
1.6;1;Jhye Richardson to Mire, 1 run length ball outside off, and angling in sharply once again. The batsman misses the nudge to the leg side as the ball hits him near the knee roll;
1.5;?;Jhye Richardson to Mire, no run full just outside off, and Mire tries to drive off the front foot. Doesn't get to the pitch of the ball, and therefore mistimes to the off side;
1.4;?;Jhye Richardson to Mire, no run full outside off, but swings in sharply into Mire's pads. Tries to work it to the leg side, but misses and the ball hits his front leg. Impact's on leg stump though, so that means the ball would've certainly missed the wickets;
1.3;?;Jhye Richardson to Mire, no run full outside off, and shaping away from Mire. He shoulders his arms! Rare sight in T20 cricket;
1.2;?;Jhye Richardson to Mire, no run length ball outside off, but jags away sharply after pitching! Mire has no clue how to play at it. Looks to punch it but with the ball going away, he chooses to cut it instead. Misses either way;
1.1;1;Jhye Richardson to Chibhabha, 1 run length ball just outside off. Chibhabha sticks his bat out and taps it to point;
0.6;3;Stanlake to Chibhabha, 3 runs yorker on leg stump, and he manages to nudge it off his toes to deep midwicket. Enough time to come back for the third. End of Stanlake's marathon over;
0.5;?;Stanlake to Chibhabha, no run full outside off, and driven hard through the covers! Intercepted by wide mid off though;
0.5;1w;Stanlake to Chibhabha, 1 wide taken aback by the bounce! But the umpire calls it a wide anyway. A testing length on middle stump but cramps the batsman for space. Goes over his left shoulder to the keeper;
0.4;?;Stanlake to Chibhabha, no run length ball outside off, and that's been punched off the back foot. Straight to cover point;
0.4;1w;Stanlake to Chibhabha, 1 wide full on leg, and going further down. Carey dives to his left and stops the ball from going for five wides;
0.3;?;Stanlake to Chibhabha, no run full on middle, and that's been pushed off the front foot to midwicket. Big 'no' for the single;
0.2;2;Stanlake to Chibhabha, 2 runs good length just outside off, and Chibhabha rides the bounce to poke this down to third man. Another direct hit from the deep, and that allows the batsmen to steal an extra single;
0.1;2;Stanlake to Chibhabha, 2 runs good length outside off, and cut away to point. Mistimed, but they go for the single anyway. The fielder aims at the stumps, and gets a direct hit at the non-striker's! The batsman's safe, and therefore Zimbabwe collect a few more overthrow runs;
0.1;1w;Stanlake to Chibhabha, 1 wide short and wide outside off, but swinging further away from the batsman. He did try to cut, but can't get bat to ball;

Time for the second innings. Chibhabha takes strike.
Mustafa Moudi: "@Dhaval: That was the Vice-Captain Finch and this is the Captain Finch. There is a Huge Difference !!"
Mustafa Chagla: "Is this the first instance of a hit wicket in a T20i?" -- No sir, the 11th
 Innings Start
Australia
Zimbabwe
3rd match, Harare, Jul 3 2018, ZIM T20 Tri Series
229/2
129/9
Player of the match is Aaron Finch, AUS
Australia won by 100 runs
