Data
5.43pm This isn't exactly what India would have wanted, a score of 252. But this is not a batting surface, it's slow and two-paced. Australia will definitely take that, especially when Kohli and Rahane were going so well. But Kohli's wicket, after a typically fluent 92, slowed down India to the point where all they could aim for was close to 270. They fell short of that too. Australia, despite their batting struggles, will fancy their chances in this game. Shashank will be back with you in a bit for the first half of the chase.
Ajinkya Rahane: We were looking to get 260-270, but 250 is decent. I knew if I take my time, I could play my shots. We wanted to disrupt their plans. We were looking to get 290, in between was not easy to rotate the strike, wicket was two paced. Really challenging conditions.
49.6;W;Kane Richardson to Chahal, OUT run-out! And India are all out. A short and wide slower ball that is very wide outside off, Chahal can't connect, he runs down before Bumrah sends him back. Wade runs up and hits the stumps directly.;Yuzvendra Chahal run out (?Wade) 1 (3m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
49.5;1;Kane Richardson to Bumrah, 1 run a legcutter outside off, far and wide, dabbed to backward point for a run.;
49.4;4;Kane Richardson to Bumrah, FOUR runs another boundary. Bumrah's cameo lifts India past 250. Another slower ball outside off, the heave trickles into the boundary at square leg. The fielder was up.;
49.3;?;Kane Richardson to Bumrah, no run another slower ball outside off, Bumrah's big swing travels only as far as the bowler;
49.2;1;Kane Richardson to Chahal, 1 run another slow full toss on off, dabbed to cover for one. Bat on ball, par for the course now;
49.1;W;Kane Richardson to Hardik, OUT smashed! But straight down to long-off. A slower full toss outside off, and intentionally bowled that wide outside off. Pandya hits it decently but not well enough. Finds Warner;Hardik Pandya c Warner b Richardson 20 (56m 26b 2x4 0x6) SR: 76.92;
48.6;1;Cummins to Hardik, 1 run good length outside off, dabbed to third man for one. He'll keep strike;
48.5;1;Cummins to Bumrah, 1 run full and wide, guided to third man;
48.4;4;Cummins to Bumrah, FOUR runs weeee, a slog that is intended to go over midwicket but the thick outside edge races down to the third man boundary. Third man should be fine for tail-enders but not sure even he would have got around;
48.4;1w;Cummins to Bumrah, 1 wide a wide. A short slower bouncer that's well over Bumrah's head. Why the slower bouncer? The right length but could have used the pace;
48.3;?;Cummins to Bumrah, no run good length on middle and leg, dabbed back up the pitch. Cummins runs to the ball to prevent a run;
48.2;W;Cummins to Kuldeep, OUT oh yes. Wade will feel a lot better now, mentally at least. Full and wide outside off, Kuldeep wafts with his weight firmly on the back foot. Gets a thick outside edge that flies towards Wade, who wanted to go with both hands, but improvised midway through knowing that he can't get there. So he stuck out his left hand, behind his back and hung on. One of the better catches you'll see;Kuldeep Yadav c ?Wade b Cummins 0 (1m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
48.1;?;Cummins to Kuldeep, no run good length outside off, jags away and beats Kuldeep. There's some carry;
39.6;1;Kane Richardson to Bhuvneshwar, 1 run another full delivery outside off, Bhuvneshwar prods, a thick outside edge finds third man;
39.5;?;Kane Richardson to Bhuvneshwar, no run well bowled. Another slower ball outside off, Bhuvneshwar plays the line but the legcutter may have cut enough to beat the bat;
39.4;1;Kane Richardson to Hardik, 1 run edged and just wide of slip. Good length outside off, a thick outside edge runs down to third man;
39.3;?;Kane Richardson to Hardik, no run another good length delivery around off, may have been the offcutter, Pandya is watchful in defense;
39.2;1;Kane Richardson to Bhuvneshwar, 1 run full outside off, driven to the sweeper cover;
39.1;W;Kane Richardson to Dhoni, OUT an absolutely humongous wicket, not just because of who it is, but also because that could make a 25-run difference to the total. Full outside off, may have come off the surface slower than usual, and Dhoni drives too early. The ball goes up and Smith dives forward to take a good catch.;MS Dhoni c Smith b Richardson 5 (19m 10b 1x4 0x6) SR: 50;
38.6;2;Cummins to Hardik, 2 runs good length delivery on off, inside-edged towards square leg. Pandya scampers back for two, terrific running;
38.5;?;Cummins to Hardik, no run good length delivery outside off, carved down towards gully;
38.4;1;Cummins to Dhoni, 1 run on a length on middle and off, worked to square leg. Agar has hurt something, it may be cramp. Struggled to get that back. The physio runs out;
38.3;?;Cummins to Dhoni, no run a back of a length delivery outside off, blocked again. Dhoni forced into caution;
38.2;?;Cummins to Dhoni, no run full outside off, another defensive stroke to cover;
38.1;?;Cummins to Dhoni, no run full outside off, pushed to cover;
47.6;W;Kane Richardson to Bhuvneshwar, OUT gone this time. Full around off and middle, Bhuvneshwar gets underneath again and hits the ball straight up. Maxwell runs in from long-on and completes the catch. Too early through the ball, may have been some pace off the ball from Richardson;Bhuvneshwar Kumar c Maxwell b Richardson 20 (39m 33b 1x4 0x6) SR: 60.6;
47.5;2;Kane Richardson to Bhuvneshwar, 2 runs full on off, somehow Bhuvneshwar gets so much elevation as he gets underneath the length. Smith runs back and to his left from cover, gets underneath it, and spills the chance. His body almost balancing on the side of his head.;
47.4;?;Kane Richardson to Bhuvneshwar, no run a legcutter outside off, a thick under edge to the keeper;
47.4;1nb;Kane Richardson to Hardik, (no ball) a high full toss outside off, Pandya skews his heave but can only find Smith at cover. Smith wants the run-out too, he throws the ball back to the bowler and Richardson takes off the bails with Pandya nowhere in sight. Looks like it is over waist, and that should be a no-ball. It is. There is a free hit, but no cricket as the players run off. Chaos. Smith has a chat with the umpires about it. Australia definitely completed the run-out as Pandya started walking off. Smith arguing that the ball was not dead. Did the umpires signal out? They did not call it a no-ball on the field because the third umpire decided that.;
47.3;1;Kane Richardson to Bhuvneshwar, 1 run another slower ball outside off, played away to point for one;
47.2;?;Kane Richardson to Bhuvneshwar, no run a good slower ball, dipping full toss outside off, sliced to the keeper. Deceived Bhuvneshwar;
47.1;2;Kane Richardson to Bhuvneshwar, 2 runs full and wide outside off, a mis-timed drive to the sweeper cover for a couple.;
46.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Hardik, no run short on middle and leg to finish. Pandya makes room but misses his cut. Good option, but can't execute. Fantastic spell from NCN ends;
46.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Bhuvneshwar, 1 run full and straight, the ball moves back in, a skewed heave finds long-on. The ball is always going to go to the leg side;
46.5;1w;Coulter-Nile to Bhuvneshwar, 1 wide tennis-ball bounce. Short on middle and off, Bhuvneshwar misses an upper cut. Way over the head. Wide;
46.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Bhuvneshwar, no run yikes! Bhuvneshwar has nailed his drive right back at Pandya. Friendly fire! The Australian fielders are concerned, they go to Pandya to check on his wellbeing. Ouch. Hit him on the helmet, hit so hard that Pandya had no time to get out of the way. A painful blow but he's fine to go.;
46.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Bhuvneshwar, no run whaaat happened there? Good length outside off, slower ball. Bhuvneshwar wants to pull, then thinks of cutting, then tries to take the bat away, but the ball hits the leading edge, lobs up and in front of point;
46.2;4;Coulter-Nile to Bhuvneshwar, FOUR runs the wild swing, aimed to go over long-on, but Bhuvneshwar will take it, the ball has gone a 180 degrees wide of where he intended, to third man for four off the edge;
46.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Hardik, 1 run short outside off, punched away to the sweeper cover. This is NCN's last over;
37.6;4;Coulter-Nile to Hardik, FOUR runs a thick inside edge that just evades the stumps. Phew, that was close! Full and straight, moving back in, Pandya defends and the ball moves back. Four to fine leg;
37.5;W;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, OUT and chopped on! Kohli falls for 92. The ball has been seaming back in, Kohli chooses the wrong option of playing a dab down to third man, the ball takes the inside edge and hits the stumps. Maybe his first mistake of the day. Fantastic innings anyway;Virat Kohli b Coulter-Nile 92 (148m 107b 8x4 0x6) SR: 85.98;
37.4;2;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 2 runs good stuff from Cummins at deep square leg. On Kohli's pads, why?, worked through midwicket for a couple.;
37.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, no run good bowling this. A short slow delivery well outside off, Kohli wants to drag a pull but misses. A cry of anguish. Dhoni has a chat with Kohli;
37.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, no run full and straight, worked to point. Kohli wants one, Dhoni coolly sends him back. No run there;
37.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, no run bunted to midwicket. Good length on middle and leg, a clip finds midwicket;
36.6;?;Stoinis to Dhoni, no run shortish outside off, patted down to point. Tidy over from Stoinis;
36.5;?;Stoinis to Dhoni, no run short outside off, the ball is just inside the tramline. Dhoni leaves, anticipating a wide. The umpire ain't fooled;
36.4;1;Stoinis to Kohli, 1 run shortish outside off, guided down to third man for one;
36.3;?;Stoinis to Kohli, no run shortish outside off, pulled to midwicket. Not timed as well as he would have liked;
36.2;4;Stoinis to Kohli, FOUR runs wow, I've not seen many better shots. This was full, yes, but that wasn't nearly wide enough. He still manages to create an angle with his cover drive. His placement is exemplary, timing when is it not? Four.;
36.1;?;Stoinis to Kohli, no run full on off, whipped to midwicket;
35.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Dhoni, no run fullish delivery outside off, played to point;
35.5;4;Coulter-Nile to Dhoni, FOUR runs he has pulled that, and he has absolutely nailed it. Short down leg, not high enough. Unlike Jadhav, Dhoni brings his bat from up to down, keeping it all along the ground. Finds the gap at backward square leg with nonchalant ease.;
35.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Dhoni, no run excellent first delivery. A short well-directed bouncer on leg, Dhoni bails out of a pull very late;
35.3;W;Coulter-Nile to Jadhav, OUT and gone. Jadhav tries to get underneath and cut again but it was too full for that. He may have been better off trying to play that down, instead he brought his bat from down to up, which means the ball will only go up. The full length means there isn't enough elevation and Maxwell, at backward point, gobbles it up.;Kedar Jadhav c Maxwell b Coulter-Nile 24 (36m 24b 2x4 1x6) SR: 100;
35.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run good length delivery on off, Kohli brings his wrists into play and guides this through square leg;
35.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, no run fullish delivery outside off, driven to backward point. This game just waiting to be broken open;
34.6;1;Stoinis to Kohli, 1 run a short slower offcutter outside off, third man is in play again as Kohli guides one down;
34.5;?;Stoinis to Kohli, no run a slower delivery dug in outside off, dug it in, good length to bowl, guided to point;
34.4;1;Stoinis to Jadhav, 1 run good length on off, worked towards square leg for one. Nicely played;
34.3;?;Stoinis to Jadhav, no run good length outside off, Jadhav tries to work through square leg, like how Amla does, but can only tap it back;
34.2;6;Stoinis to Jadhav, SIX runs don't give him width. It's short, it's wide, it's an invitation and Jadhav accepts. He gets underneath the length intentionally and carves a cut over backward point for six;
34.1;1;Stoinis to Kohli, 1 run good length outside off, watches the ball onto his bat and then deflects it down to third man;
33.6;4;Agar to Jadhav, FOUR runs the fine paddle sweep. Sensational hand speed through the ball. Flat down leg, Jadhav switches from an orthodox sweep to a powerful paddle sweep on the ground seeing the pace on the ball. Fine leg watches it go by;
33.5;4;Agar to Jadhav, FOUR runs superb stroke. Flight outside off, a bit too much flight, Jadhav gets underneath the length and lofts the ball over cover. Once it beats the fielder, just admire your shot;
33.4;?;Agar to Jadhav, no run flat and wide outside off, guided to third man;
33.3;1;Agar to Kohli, 1 run flight outside off, drilled to long-off with a whippy action;
33.2;?;Agar to Kohli, no run flat down leg, Kohli misses a sweep, struck on the pad;
33.1;2;Agar to Kohli, 2 runs flight on middle and leg, whipped wide of midwicket for a couple.;
32.6;1;Stoinis to Kohli, 1 run good length outside off, dabbed to third man;
32.5;4;Stoinis to Kohli, FOUR runs saves Jadhav and capitalises. Full and wide outside off, sliced past backward point for four. All timing from Kohli. He's in control;
32.4;1b;Stoinis to Jadhav, 1 bye Kohli steals a bye. Wade is in the wars. A slower delivery outside off, bounces in front of Wade and hits him somewhere near the groin. Wade can't move. Kohli realises that and gets one, sensational game awareness. The ball was by his feet;
32.4;1w;Stoinis to Jadhav, 1 wide 130 kph, short and very wide outside off, not a bad option but far too much width. The ball beats Jadhav's cut, wide called;
32.3;?;Stoinis to Jadhav, no run three dot balls. Short and straight, slapped to midwicket. Not the length to pull. Now what?;
32.2;?;Stoinis to Jadhav, no run 131 kph, length outside off, fifth-stump line, defended to point.;
32.1;?;Stoinis to Jadhav, no run good length outside off, may have been the offcutter, patted to backward point.;
31.6;1;Agar to Jadhav, 1 run 85 kph, flat and full, driven to long-on off the inside half. Had to wait for the ball to beat midwicket;
31.5;1;Agar to Kohli, 1 run excellent bowling, just a hint of turn in this surface. Flight outside off, defended in the gap at extra cover for one;
31.4;?;Agar to Kohli, no run quick and straight, pushed towards point. Jadhav says no this time;
31.3;1;Agar to Jadhav, 1 run nicely bowled. Some loop and flight outside off, pushed away towards cover;
31.2;?;Agar to Jadhav, no run on the pads, clipped down to fine leg. Kohli calls no, his call, good call;
31.1;1;Agar to Kohli, 1 run short and wide outside off, slashed to the sweeper cover;
30.6;?;Kane Richardson to Jadhav, no run full delivery outside off, driven to cover.;
30.6;1w;Kane Richardson to Jadhav, 1 wide wide! Short delivery that flies over Jadhav's head;
30.5;?;Kane Richardson to Jadhav, no run back of a length on middle and leg, defended back. A good ball, well played;
30.4;1;Kane Richardson to Kohli, 1 run full and wide, crashed through to the sweeper cover for a run. Kohli calls for a drink, I've never seen him so fatigued in an innings;
30.3;2;Kane Richardson to Kohli, 2 runs more runs. Agar cuts this one off. Short on middle and off, sits up for Kohli to slap through midwicket for a couple.;
30.2;1;Kane Richardson to Jadhav, 1 run another neat clip down to fine leg for one. Got to shift that line a set of stumps wider outside off;
30.1;1;Kane Richardson to Kohli, 1 run on the pads, clipped down to fine leg. Can't bowl there. Lucky Kane.;
29.6;1;Agar to Kohli, 1 run quick and straight, clipped to fine leg. Seven riskless runs. Well played;
29.5;1;Agar to Jadhav, 1 run on the pads again, nudged to short fine leg for one;
29.4;2;Agar to Jadhav, 2 runs on the pads, nudged to square leg. Smith throws at the bowler's end, Agar doesn't back-up cleanly and allows an overthrow. Sloppy;
29.3;1;Agar to Kohli, 1 run on the pads, driven to long-on;
29.2;1;Agar to Jadhav, 1 run flat and wide outside off, sliced to the right of short third man;
29.1;1;Agar to Kohli, 1 run the same ball that got Pandey, look at how Kohli has played it. He has stood upright and punched a ball to deep cover, instead of deep point;
28.6;?;Kane Richardson to Jadhav, no run full outside off, Jadhav strides forward to defend;
28.5;1;Kane Richardson to Kohli, 1 run a nice straight drive, half-stop from the bowler. Full outside off, driven back towards the bowler, who gets down. Mid-off fields;
28.4;?;Kane Richardson to Kohli, no run full delivery outside off, driven on the up to cover;
28.3;1;Kane Richardson to Jadhav, 1 run keep it there to Jadhav early in his innings. Digs this in, down leg, pulled to fine leg awkwardly;
28.2;1;Kane Richardson to Kohli, 1 run full outside off, dabbed to third man for one. Jadhav called "noo" as opposed to wait, leaving Kohli fuming;
28.1;4;Kane Richardson to Kohli, FOUR runs fabulous batting. Agar may have cut that off in the cold of Nottingham, not here. Full outside off, Kohli runs at the bowler and converts an off-stump delivery into something on his pads. No midwicket there so that's four on this outfield;
27.6;1;Agar to Kohli, 1 run flat outside off, driven to long-off. Good defensive last ball from Agar, clever thinking to protect the over;
27.5;?;Agar to Kohli, no run flat and straight, punched to midwicket from the back foot;
27.4;1;Agar to Jadhav, 1 run skewed off the inside half. Full and straight, driven to mid-on;
27.3;?;Agar to Jadhav, no run better. Lots of flight on middle and off, driven to cover;
27.3;1w;Agar to Jadhav, 1 wide drifts this down leg for a wide. Not a good start from Agar;
27.2;W;Agar to Pandey, OUT goes through. Pandey has struggled against pace this series. That's not a good shot. Hurried for pace again, goes back and looks to cut a straight ball. There is a hint of turn too. Both his feet are in the air as he missed the cut. A nothing shot, an awful shot. The ball clips the top of off. Put himself under pressure with so many dot balls, when he felt he needed a scoring shot, he needed to play it off a good ball;Manish Pandey b Agar 3 (14m 13b 0x4 0x6) SR: 23.07;
27.1;?;Agar to Pandey, no run flight on middle, full, Pandey pushes to cover. Nice line;
26.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, no run early-enough call from Pandey. Full outside off, defended towards point. Kohli sets off but is sent back in time;
26.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Pandey, 1 run lovely wristwork. Full and straight, drilled back to the stumps at the bowler's end. Kohli has no time to turn back and get his bat back, but there was no hand from NCN;
26.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Pandey, no run lovely bowling. Goes wide of the crease, and delivers this wide outside off. Pandey belatedly decides to leave;
26.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Pandey, no run good length outside off, defended down, towards backward point;
26.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Pandey, no run full delivery outside off, seaming back in, driven to cover;
26.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run fullish outside off, punched to the sweeper cover from the crease;
25.6;1;Head to Kohli, 1 run pushed with the spin to long-on for one. Far too easy for Kohli.;
25.5;?;Head to Kohli, no run 86 kph, darted in on leg, clipped to square leg again;
25.5;1w;Head to Kohli, 1 wide quick down leg, wide;
25.4;2;Head to Kohli, 2 runs intentionally opened up his wrists to hit the ball wide of cover. No fielder there and he gets two. AB de Villiers does that very well. Terrific batting;
25.3;?;Head to Kohli, no run darted in quick, Head's modus operandi. Nudged to midwicket;
25.2;1;Head to Pandey, 1 run a tad shorter, flatter and wider. Pandey defends towards cover and sets off for one, good running from Kohli;
25.1;?;Head to Pandey, no run flight outside off to start from Head, worked to midwicket with the spin;
24.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, no run gets across the stumps to drive, gets a thick inside-edge to mid-on;
24.6;1w;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 wide looks for the effort ball but slips this short delivery down leg.;
24.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, no run punched but can't pick the gap. Straight to cover;
24.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Pandey, 1 run whips this away to deep midwicket;
24.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Pandey, no run nice and full on off stump, driven to extra cover;
24.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Pandey, no run short ball outside off, Pandey sways out of the way;
24.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run dabs this length ball down to third man. Bit too close for comfort, Kohli may have got that near the glove;
23.6;?;Head to Pandey, no run much better, lunges forward and blocks;
23.5;?;Head to Pandey, no run struck on the pad but outside the line. Went forward and across to defend but this held its line to hit him on the back pad;
23.4;W;Head to Rahane, 1 run, OUT driven nicely off the frontfoot towards deep cover. Rahane was slow to turn for second and that may have cost him a split-second. He was ambling through the second when he realised the throw was coming to his end. Wade collected the throw cleanly and whipped the bails off to catch Rahane short despite a full-length dive. Credit to Hilton Cartwright as well for the super-flat throw. India lose one against the run of play;Ajinkya Rahane run out (Cartwright/?Wade) 55 (110m 64b 7x4 0x6) SR: 85.93;
23.3;4;Head to Rahane, FOUR runs makes room and crashes this short ball to the cover boundary. He had all the time in the world to pick that where he wanted to;
23.2;1;Head to Kohli, 1 run right to the pitch of the ball as he drives to wide long-off;
23.1;?;Head to Kohli, no run fired full on the stumps, defended back down the pitch;
22.6;1;Cummins to Kohli, 1 run steers this away-going length ball to square third man;
22.5;1;Cummins to Rahane, 1 run slow off-cutter on off, Rahane nudges this wide of square leg to bring up his 20th ODI fifty;
22.4;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run gets this length ball to hold up again, Rahane check-drives to cover;
22.3;1;Cummins to Kohli, 1 run whipped uppishly off his hip towards deep midwicket;
22.2;1;Cummins to Rahane, 1 run just a gentle push off the frontfoot as they hare across. It was a race between Cummins and Kohli. A direct deflect off the left boot to the stumps at the striker's end and Kohli would've been gone;
22.1;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run check-drives a full ball back to Cummins, who puts his boot out to stop it on his followthrough;
21.6;1;Agar to Rahane, 1 run takes it on the full and creams this to deep cover;
21.5;1;Agar to Kohli, 1 run there's a half-century, No.45 in ODIs. Leans forward and works this across the line towards long-on;
21.5;2w;Agar to Rahane, 2 wide wrong line. Fires this full and down leg, Rahane looks to paddle and misses. Wade can't stop that cleanly;
21.4;1;Agar to Kohli, 1 run fired into middle and leg, whipped to deep midwicket as they jog the single;
21.3;1;Agar to Rahane, 1 run right to the pitch of the ball as he eases this drive to long-off;
21.2;1;Agar to Kohli, 1 run hint of turn from middle and leg, Kohli wrists this to deep midwicket;
21.1;?;Agar to Kohli, no run steers this to short third man, Rahane turns down the single immediately;
20.6;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run nearly a mix-up. Rahane hit this to mid-off and wanted a single. Was four steps down when he was sent back by Kohli.;
20.5;1;Cummins to Kohli, 1 run gets onto his toes and opens the bat face to help this short of length delivery down to third man;
20.4;?;Cummins to Kohli, no run looks to pull, toe-ends this attempted flat-bat to mid-on;
20.3;1;Cummins to Rahane, 1 run delightful square drive, Maxwell put his right hand out to stop the ball, even if just a half-stop, to prevent a certain boundary;
20.2;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run much fuller, Rahane looks to drive but plays outside the line, the inside-edge rolls towards mid-on;
20.1;1;Cummins to Kohli, 1 run length on off, Kohli dabs this gently towards cover for a quick single;
19.6;1;Agar to Kohli, 1 run clears his front leg to open up the off side and blasts this to wide long-off. Unfurled his wrists to pick the region;
19.5;4;Agar to Kohli, FOUR runs delicate little dab past short third man. Astonishing because this wasn't fired in, so Kohli had to force the pace. He somehow managed to do so. Played it really late;
19.4;1;Agar to Rahane, 1 run punched past the bowler as they jog the single;
19.3;2;Agar to Rahane, 2 runs drifting into the pads, worked away into the gap at deep square leg;
19.2;1;Agar to Kohli, 1 run driven with the spin to long-off for an easy single;
19.1;1;Agar to Rahane, 1 run plays outside the line of the in-drifter, rolls off the inside edge to square leg;
18.6;2;Stoinis to Kohli, 2 runs sloppy work in the infield. Good work by the man at third man though, who was around the ropes to back up the throw from midwicket. Kohli dabbed it there and scampered a run, only to get a few more.;
18.5;2;Stoinis to Kohli, 2 runs pulled in front of square, called two immediately and will come back;
18.4;?;Stoinis to Kohli, no run held up on the surface again, around the good length area. Kohli was through with the drive, lobbed off the top part of the bat, just short of cover;
18.3;?;Stoinis to Kohli, no run skiddy length ball on off, Kohli is onto his toes as he chops this behind the wicket. Looks for a single nevertheless but Rahane was firm and put his hand out quickly to say 'no';
18.2;?;Stoinis to Kohli, no run slower length ball outside off, left alone;
18.1;4;Stoinis to Kohli, FOUR runs just wide of Travis Head at mid-on. Kohli flat-bats this pull from outside off, didn't middle it but it just kept racing away past the fielder. Not where he intended but the result is four runs nonetheless.;
17.6;?;Agar to Rahane, no run this time he brings out the cut, finds Maxwell at point;
17.5;?;Agar to Rahane, no run shapes to cut a full delivery, this grips the surface and bounces to beat the outside edge. Very close, Rahane erred in judgment that time;
17.4;?;Agar to Rahane, no run pushed through quicker on middle, much fuller as well, Rahane turns this to short midwicket;
17.3;?;Agar to Rahane, no run nice flight, good drift, Rahane covers the stumps and blocks;
17.2;1;Agar to Kohli, 1 run gentle tap into the off side for a quick single. Rahane was ready to go the moment Kohli looked up;
17.1;?;Agar to Kohli, no run excellent stop off his own bowling. Driven inside-out, dived to his left to cut that off;
16.6;1;Stoinis to Kohli, 1 run firm push to point where Maxwell half-stops it to concede a single;
16.5;?;Stoinis to Kohli, no run he walks across to meet the ball full but the bowler slows his pace and shortens his length, Kohli lets it go;
16.4;1;Stoinis to Rahane, 1 run right into the blockhole, Rahane squeezes this wide of point as they jog a single;
16.3;?;Stoinis to Rahane, no run floats this fuller and just around off, Kohli punches this to extra cover;
16.2;2;Stoinis to Rahane, 2 runs slices this cut towards square third man, excellent work by Cummins;
16.2;1w;Stoinis to Rahane, 1 wide the bowler doesn't help by bowling a length ball down leg, he dives low to collect it. Wide called. Rahane had an opportunity to tickle it fine;
16.1;?;Stoinis to Rahane, no run length outside off, punched to cover;
15.6;1;Agar to Rahane, 1 run worked off his pad towards deep square leg, sensible stuff;
15.5;1;Agar to Kohli, 1 run too full outside off, firmly driven to long-off;
15.4;?;Agar to Kohli, no run touch short and angling into middle, punched to midwicket;
15.3;1;Agar to Rahane, 1 run prods outside the line to get an inside edge to square leg;
15.2;2;Agar to Rahane, 2 runs sliding stop at deep point. This was crashed. He rocked back to make room and crack that short ball into the gap;
15.1;?;Agar to Rahane, no run skids back in from around the stumps, Rahane looks to punch this through midwicket but gets a thick inside edge onto the pad;
14.6;1;Kane Richardson to Rahane, 1 run uses the width to dab this down to third man for an easy single;
14.5;1;Kane Richardson to Kohli, 1 run imperious. Pulled in front of square to deep midwicket;
14.4;?;Kane Richardson to Kohli, no run driven straight back into the stumps at the bowler's end. Richardson didn't get a hand on it, so all good.;
14.3;?;Kane Richardson to Kohli, no run gets outside the line of the stump and dabs this to point;
14.2;?;Kane Richardson to Kohli, no run leading edge, but just short of the bowler on his followthrough. 'Aaaargh' yelps Kohli. This cross-seam delivery held up on Kohli as he looked to nudge this to the leg side;
14.1;?;Kane Richardson to Kohli, no run wrists this length ball from off stump to mid-on;
13.6;?;Agar to Rahane, no run stretches forward and blocks this in-drifter on middle;
13.5;1;Agar to Kohli, 1 run fired into middle, dabbed to short third man for a quick single;
13.4;1;Agar to Rahane, 1 run too full and drifting into middle and leg, eased to long-on again;
13.3;1;Agar to Kohli, 1 run driven down to long-on for an easy single;
13.2;2;Agar to Kohli, 2 runs commits himself fully forward but isn't quite to the pitch, opens the bat face and the wrists slightly to ease this towards deep point;
13.1;1;Agar to Rahane, 1 run drifts into leg stump, Rahane looks to nudge this wide of square leg, deflects off the pad to short fine;
12.6;1;Kane Richardson to Rahane, 1 run edged but this rolls past the diving slip fielder, down to third man;
12.5;1;Kane Richardson to Kohli, 1 run dabs this wide of Maxwell at point as they scamper a run;
12.4;?;Kane Richardson to Kohli, no run follows it up with a length ball on off stump, bunted to the off side;
12.3;4;Kane Richardson to Kohli, FOUR runs bullet drive, no chance for mid-off once it raced past the diving cover fielder. This is too full, Kohli was right to the pitch as he belted that away.;
12.2;1;Kane Richardson to Rahane, 1 run steered wide of point;
12.1;1;Kane Richardson to Kohli, 1 run slower and fuller outside off, Rahane open's the bat face to steer this to third man;
11.6;?;Stoinis to Rahane, no run eases this full-length delivery to mid-on;
11.5;1;Stoinis to Kohli, 1 run leading edge, roll wide of point and down to third man. Looked to work this off the backfoot to square leg;
11.4;2;Stoinis to Kohli, 2 runs beautiful balance and placement. Half-volley outside off, Kohli walked into the stroke again and executed a crunching cover drive;
11.3;2;Stoinis to Kohli, 2 runs walks into the drive, reaches out and then crashes this on the up towards sweeper cover;
11.2;1;Stoinis to Rahane, 1 run flat-bats this nearly to mid-on. Was dying on him. Risky stroke. This one came onto him faster than he expected, Rahane had to fetch it from outside off as well. Good work by Pat Cummins at mid-on. Just short of him;
11.1;?;Stoinis to Rahane, no run beauty. Nibbles away from off stump, much fuller. Rahane feeling for the delivery and beaten. No feet movement whatsoever that time;
10.6;4;Kane Richardson to Kohli, FOUR runs goes through with the pull and he's controlled it superbly. Into the square leg boundary. Had to fetch it from outside off, done expertly.;
10.5;?;Kane Richardson to Kohli, no run dabs this full delivery to Maxwell at point. Opened the bat face a wee bit to guide the ball there;
10.4;1;Kane Richardson to Rahane, 1 run helps this down to third man. Played with soft hands after getting on top of the bounce;
10.3;1;Kane Richardson to Kohli, 1 run angles a short of length delivery that comes back in to tuck Kohli up as he walks across. Gets some glove on it as they scamper a quick single;
10.2;?;Kane Richardson to Kohli, no run plants forward and punches this length ball to cover;
10.1;?;Kane Richardson to Kohli, no run floats a length delivery outside off, cross-seam, left alone;
9.6;?;Stoinis to Rahane, no run gets out of the way of that short ball again;
9.5;1;Stoinis to Kohli, 1 run walks across and whips this incoming length ball to wide mid-on for a quick single;
9.4;?;Stoinis to Kohli, no run hint of movement in the air, Kohli gets forward and guides this to point with soft hands;
9.3;?;Stoinis to Kohli, no run sways out of that short ball on off stump;
9.2;?;Stoinis to Kohli, no run uppish but on the bounce to cover point. Kohli went at that with hard hands, didn't get to the pitch of the delivery even as he walked into the stroke;
9.1;?;Stoinis to Kohli, no run wrists this length ball on middle to square leg;
8.6;4;Kane Richardson to Rahane, FOUR runs spanking cut shot. Too short, Rahane picks the length early, uses the depth of the crease and the width to hammer that past point. Wasn't far from Maxwell but he didn't have any time to react;
8.5;?;Kane Richardson to Rahane, no run confident forward stride as he defends to cover;
8.4;1;Kane Richardson to Kohli, 1 run steers this uppishly over the cordon, down to third man;
8.3;?;Kane Richardson to Kohli, no run floats this fuller and outside off, perhaps just to see if Kohli bites the bait, left alone;
8.2;4;Kane Richardson to Kohli, FOUR runs he walks down the pitch, and punches this length ball through cover. This is the first delivery he's managed to time well today. Not much swing, so that made it easier for Kohli to execute.;
8.1;?;Kane Richardson to Kohli, no run slower and fuller just outside off, Kohli leaves again;
7.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, no run solidly defends the length ball on off to point;
7.5;4;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, FOUR runs he's giving a cover-drive masterclass today. This was a cross-seam length ball, Rahane transfers his weight forward and eases this on the up between cover and mid-off;
7.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, no run floats this full and just outside off from wide of the crease, left alone again;
7.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, no run nibbling away from the off-stump channel, Rahane leaves;
7.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, no run nips back in from back of length outside off, Rahane chops this to the keeper. Cramped for room. Tried to run this down to third man;
7.1;4;Coulter-Nile to Rahane, FOUR runs ho-ho-ho-ho-ho. This wasn't all that bad a delivery. Length ball that nipped away off the deck, Rahane confidently plants forward and punches this away into the cover boundary.;
6.6;?;Cummins to Kohli, no run floats this at length but just a touch wider, around the sixth stump outside off, Kohli is happy to leave;
6.5;?;Cummins to Kohli, no run back of length delivery outside off, Kohli lets it go.;
6.4;?;Cummins to Kohli, no run no timing whatsoever, squeezes this half-volley to cover;
6.3;?;Cummins to Kohli, no run gets a good stride forward and defends;
6.2;?;Cummins to Kohli, no run another length ball outside off, another Kohli leave;
6.1;?;Cummins to Kohli, no run back of length at 151kph , Kohli shoulders arms. Wade collects it in front of his face;

Arun Venugopal: "Think Cummins and Coulter-Nile will test Kohli's ability to leave the ball as much as anything else."
 Innings Start
9.33pm India have defended 252 with ease that is not easy to find in modern-day cricket. It wasn't a bad surface to bat on, which makes this loss even harder to take for Australia. They just struggled against wristspin again, and have fallen to a 50-run loss in game 2. They'll now have to win all the three remaining ODIs to win the series. Steven Smith and Marcus Stoinis showed that you can bat well on this surface, but the rest did not do much. Kuldeep Yadav took a hat-trick and put the game beyond Australia. "The first five overs, I was struggling to bowl in a particular spot. I asked Mahi what to bowl and he told me to bowl whatever I want (the hat-trick ball)," he says.
Steven Smith: "We were pretty happy with 250 at the break. I thought we did a good job bowling. Batsmen made poor decisions under pressure. Stoinis was pretty good at the end, probably my fault and Head's fault, we both got in. It slowed up and spun more as the game went on. We need to make better decisions consistently. They've got all bases covered (India's bowlers)."
Virat Kohli, the Man of the Match: "We didn't feel like we had enough at the break. We knew if we had a good start, we had a chance. We needed breakthroughs throughout. The wicket wasn't that easy to bat, all the batsmen felt that. Bhuvi's spell was more important because they needed runs in the first 10 overs. Two young guys, bowling with a lot of heart, speaks volumes of their character. Keeps competition up with the World Cup in 2019. We have a lot of options and all bases covered. I always try to create motivation for myself, I don't like differentiate at any stage, I knew I had to stay longer because the wicket was tricky. It came off today so it looked nice, it didn't in Chennai so it didn't look nice."
43.1;W;Bhuvneshwar to Kane Richardson, OUT full, straight and given! Australia choose to review. Richardson played all around his flick, was hit on the pad in front of middle and leg. "No bat involved" says the umpire. Three reds and Australia go down 2-0 in this series;Kane Richardson lbw b Kumar 0 (16m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
42.6;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run can't get the single this time. Full and straight, defended back. Bumrah quick to prevent the run;
42.5;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run full outside off, driven towards extra cover. Still no run.;
42.4;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run full and straight, clipped down to fine leg. No run. Walked right across;
42.3;6;Bumrah to Stoinis, SIX runs wow, what power. Stoinis. On the pads, a low full toss, and Stoinis whips this behind square. Keeps going and going. Unbelievable how batting has changed;
42.2;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run on a length around off, chopped towards backward point;
42.1;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run full on the pads from Bumrah, worked to deep midwicket. Still no run;
41.6;?;Hardik to Kane Richardson, no run to both fielders either side of the wicket behind square, both nice strokes too, but no runs. Full and wide, carved down to third man;
41.5;?;Hardik to Kane Richardson, no run nicely played, full down leg, clipped down to fine leg. Stoinis refuses the run;
41.4;1;Hardik to Stoinis, 1 run short and wide, sliced to the deep point fielder;
41.3;6;Hardik to Stoinis, SIX runs there's Stoinis' fifty. Some applause from the crowd. A slower, full ball on off, Stoinis gets underneath the length and sends it soaring over the bowler's head. Massive six.;
41.2;?;Hardik to Stoinis, no run fullish outside off, driven to mid-off;
41.1;?;Hardik to Stoinis, no run on the pads, nudged to square leg. By ODI standards, 64 off 54 is a dawdle. Blame those wickets;
40.6;?;Chahal to Kane Richardson, no run whew, what was that? The googly rips past leg stump. Richardson walked right across, exposing all his stumps and the ball looked set for them, until it didn't. Wow. Another terrific spell from Chahal;
40.5;?;Chahal to Kane Richardson, no run 77 kph, flight outside off, comfortably defended;
40.4;1;Chahal to Stoinis, 1 run a paddle sweep towards fine leg for one. Moves to 49;
40.3;6;Chahal to Stoinis, SIX runs there's six. Runs to the pitch, gets there and hammers a straight drive that is struck ferociously. A flat six over the bowler's head;
40.2;?;Chahal to Stoinis, no run just short of Kohli at slip again. Flight on middle and leg, gets a thick edge which lands in front;
40.1;?;Chahal to Stoinis, no run IPL skills in play, the flat trajectory, straight line and good length. Defend is all Stoinis can do;
39.6;?;Hardik to Kane Richardson, no run full outside off, a thick outside edge that lands in front of Kohli's left hand at wide slip;
39.5;?;Hardik to Kane Richardson, no run did he have to go one hand? Terrific effort nonetheless. Full and wide outside off, Richardson drives to cover's right, Chahal dives but can't hang on;
39.4;W;Hardik to Coulter-Nile, OUT and Australia are now nine down. It's that length again, short on middle and leg. Hurries Coulter-Nile for pace, who is far too late on his pull. The ball hits the upper half of the bat and just lobs up to Pandya for his second;Nathan Coulter-Nile c & b Pandya 8 (30m 20b 0x4 0x6) SR: 40;
39.3;1;Hardik to Stoinis, 1 run driven to Kohli at mid-off for a run;
39.2;?;Hardik to Stoinis, no run full around off, pushed back to the bowler.;
39.1;?;Hardik to Stoinis, no run full outside off from Pandya, driven to mid-off;
38.6;?;Chahal to Coulter-Nile, no run lots of flight on leg, inside-edged to midwicket;
38.5;?;Chahal to Coulter-Nile, no run the googly outside off, driven back to the bowler;
38.5;2w;Chahal to Stoinis, 2 wide 79 kph, drifts down leg. Dhoni can't collect so there's two free runs for Australia;
38.4;4;Chahal to Stoinis, FOUR runs superb shot. Flight on middle and off, Stoinis gets so much power on his sweep behind square. Races away;
38.3;?;Chahal to Stoinis, no run driven towards extra cover, Stoinis is sent back belatedly and has to make a dive for it. Kohli's throw is quick to Dhoni, who deflects the ball into the stumps. There's no other combination in world cricket that could have made this doubtful, but Stoinis' bat is just in. He used the back of the bat in contact with the ground;
38.2;?;Chahal to Stoinis, no run bat-pad, or just pad. Pad, says ump Chaudhary. Flat down leg, lobs up off the pad;
38.1;1;Chahal to Coulter-Nile, 1 run plenty of flight on off, driven to long-off;
37.6;?;Hardik to Stoinis, no run a slower ball outside off, blocked to backward point. These two doing well to take this late, gives them a chance, however slim it may be;
37.5;1;Hardik to Coulter-Nile, 1 run another offcutter, outside off, sliced down to third man for one;
37.4;?;Hardik to Coulter-Nile, no run a slower ball outside off, Coulter-Nile misses a cut.;
37.3;?;Hardik to Coulter-Nile, no run full on middle and leg, driven back to the bowler;
37.2;1;Hardik to Stoinis, 1 run good length around off and middle, worked away through square leg;
37.1;?;Hardik to Stoinis, no run 130 kph, a slower ball outside off, defended to point;
36.6;?;Kuldeep to Coulter-Nile, no run the googly, pitches on off, spins away and beats the bat;
36.5;?;Kuldeep to Coulter-Nile, no run somehow misses the stumps. 74 kph, full outside off, Coulter-Nile does not read it, stays back and has an inside edge to thank for not being lbw. The ball also misses the stumps, not by much, after hitting the pad;
36.4;1;Kuldeep to Stoinis, 1 run pitched on leg, the edge down to third man for a run. Chahal cuts it off at third man;
36.4;1w;Kuldeep to Stoinis, 1 wide drifts down leg for a wide;
36.3;?;Kuldeep to Stoinis, no run the stock ball, flat on middle and leg, spins back in and hits him on the pad;
36.2;4;Kuldeep to Stoinis, FOUR runs lovely shot. As soon as it was full, Stoinis had decided on an attacking shot, got underneath ably enough and drilled a lofted drive past cover;
36.1;4;Kuldeep to Stoinis, FOUR runs nicely played, gets low down to sweep and executes a neat paddle sweep. Bumrah dives but can only help it into the boundary in rather awkward fashion;
35.6;1;Bumrah to Stoinis, 1 run full and wide, drilled to the sweeper cover;
35.5;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run a low full toss outside off, a thick outside edge races to Kohli's right at wide slip, who sticks out a hand and stops four, I'll do what I want, says Kohli;
35.4;2;Bumrah to Stoinis, 2 runs just short of Jadeja at deep square leg. How did he get so close? Short on middle and leg, pulled away in the air towards square leg, where Jadeja runs in to his right, dives full-length forward and almost completes a stunner;
35.3;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run full outside off, Stoinis defends;
35.2;1;Bumrah to Coulter-Nile, 1 run good length outside off, punched to the sweeper cover from the crease;
35.1;1;Bumrah to Stoinis, 1 run on middle and leg, worked to midwicket;
34.6;?;Kuldeep to Coulter-Nile, no run 74 kph, pitches on middle and leg, hits the inside edge and then rolls away towards slip.;
34.5;1;Kuldeep to Stoinis, 1 run 78 kph, the stock ball on middle and leg, drilled to long-on;
34.4;?;Kuldeep to Stoinis, no run the googly on leg, blocked;
34.3;3;Kuldeep to Coulter-Nile, 3 runs the top edge. Flat on middle and leg, looks for the big sweep, gets a thick edge which flies past slip. Chahal at third man runs it down rapidly;
34.2;?;Kuldeep to Coulter-Nile, no run the googly outside off, Coulter-Nile leaves confidently;
34.1;?;Kuldeep to Coulter-Nile, no run short outside off, Coulter-Nile sees where it pitches and tries to cut, but the ball rips back in, cut to cover;
34.1;1w;Kuldeep to Coulter-Nile, 1 wide drifts down leg for a wide;
33.6;1;Chahal to Coulter-Nile, 1 run gets right across and gloves a sweep to deep square leg. Have to watch for extra bounce on the googly;
33.5;?;Chahal to Coulter-Nile, no run quick through the air, flat on leg, skids on and hits Coulter-Nile on the pad;
33.4;1;Chahal to Stoinis, 1 run pushed through, flat and quick outside off, punched to the sweeper cover;
33.3;1;Chahal to Coulter-Nile, 1 run lots of flight on middle and off, driven to long-off;
33.2;?;Chahal to Coulter-Nile, no run defended watchfully;
33.1;1;Chahal to Stoinis, 1 run short and wide outside off, slapped to the sweeper cover for one;
32.6;?;Kuldeep to Coulter-Nile, no run flat outside off, turning back in, clipped to midwicket. It's a triple-wicket maiden. If you had any doubts about whose game this was before this over, this should settle things;
32.5;?;Kuldeep to Coulter-Nile, no run another googly, pitches down leg, turns away, very awkwardly defended;
32.4;W;Kuldeep to Cummins, OUT and he has it. Kuldeep takes a hat-trick, and the Eden Gardens goes wild. India are jumping around like 11 children on a playground that have just seen an icecream truck roll in. It's a googly, pitches outside off, Cummins gets forward, looks to defend, but the ball takes the outside edge and settles nicely in Dhoni's gloves. The third Indian hat-trick taker in ODIs;Pat Cummins c ?Dhoni b Kuldeep Yadav 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
32.3;W;Kuldeep to Agar, OUT given out first ball, and Australia are capitulating. Agar opts not to review. It's the loopy legbreak, Agar plays all around it and misses a full toss - the ball pitches after he missed it. Hits him in front of leg. Umpire Chaudhary's index finger indicates trouble that Australia may not be able to get out of now. It's wristspin again;Ashton Agar lbw b Kuldeep Yadav 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
32.2;W;Kuldeep to Wade, OUT chopped on! Lots of turn and Kuldeep has his front. The routine legbreak, so slow outside off, Wade goes back and tries to cut with an angled bat (more 45 degrees, than the traditional 90), but the ball takes the inside edge and hits the stumps. Big big trouble now for Australia;Matthew Wade b Kuldeep Yadav 2 (16m 8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
32.1;?;Kuldeep to Wade, no run full and straight, Wade thrusts his bat in front of the pad to defend;
31.6;?;Hardik to Stoinis, no run full and wide outside off, no stroke from Stoinis;
31.5;4;Hardik to Stoinis, FOUR runs lovely shot. Knew there was a big gap at midwicket. And found it. Short on off, pulled through midwicket with ease. In the air, but who cares?;
31.5;1w;Hardik to Stoinis, 1 wide full and very wide outside off, left alone, wide called;
31.4;1;Hardik to Wade, 1 run carved down to third man, keeps it wide outside off on a length. Good batting from these two;
31.3;1;Hardik to Stoinis, 1 run good length around off, a thick outside edge this time, third man cleans up;
31.2;1;Hardik to Wade, 1 run good length outside off, dabbed down to third man from the crease;
31.1;1;Hardik to Stoinis, 1 run good length outside off, punched to the sweeper cover from the crease;
30.6;?;Kuldeep to Wade, no run overpitched again, the yorker length, jammed away;
30.5;?;Kuldeep to Wade, no run more flight on middle and off, too full, kept out;
30.4;?;Kuldeep to Wade, no run the googly, well read by Wade, full outside off, defended, smothered;
30.3;1;Kuldeep to Stoinis, 1 run flight outside off, driven up to long-off. Full enough for him to play that stroke;
30.2;?;Kuldeep to Stoinis, no run the googly, lots of loop but way down leg, so Stoinis can pick the googly and work towards square leg;
30.1;?;Kuldeep to Stoinis, no run the legbreak, flat outside off, nudged to midwicket;
29.6;?;Hardik to Wade, no run good length outside off, seam movement back in, defended;
29.5;W;Hardik to Smith, OUT Jadeja takes the catch, it's a huge wicket for India, so much so that it makes them clear favourites now. Pandya uses this delivery very well, the hard-length bouncer, on middle and leg. Climbs steeply on Smith who can't quite keep his pull down. Jadeja misjudges it, but runs in from deep square leg and takes the routine catch. It was set for Smith, but he's been done in. Hurried for pace and a little extra bounce too;Steven Smith c sub (RA Jadeja) b Pandya 59 (118m 76b 8x4 0x6) SR: 77.63;
29.4;?;Hardik to Smith, no run another slower ball outside off, driven to cover;
29.3;4;Hardik to Smith, FOUR runs a slower ball outside off, Smith goes into this with all he has, and gets a thick outside edge which is straight to a non-existent wide slip.;
29.2;1;Hardik to Stoinis, 1 run good length on off and middle, some seam movement back in, inside-edged towards square leg;
29.1;?;Hardik to Stoinis, no run 133 kph, good length outside off, defended into the off side. "NOOO" from Stoinis (yes, he yelled);
28.6;?;Chahal to Smith, no run another dart, pushed through quick on middle and leg, Smith stays back and gets his bat down just in time;
28.5;1;Chahal to Stoinis, 1 run the edge. Flat outside off, gets a thick outside edge which flies to Jadhav at backward point, who slipped over his ankle. Youch, he walks off;
28.4;?;Chahal to Stoinis, no run more flight, this time on middle and leg, watchfully kept out;
28.3;?;Chahal to Stoinis, no run and this one doesn't turn as much, flat on middle and leg, Stoinis defends;
28.2;?;Chahal to Stoinis, no run terrific length. Just dragged that length back after the previous delivery, Stoinis tries to read it off the pitch, follows the legbreak but is beaten;
28.1;?;Chahal to Stoinis, no run full and straight, defended;
27.6;1;Kuldeep to Stoinis, 1 run did not read that, full on middle and leg, inside-edged through square leg for a run;
27.5;?;Kuldeep to Stoinis, no run the googly, pitched well outside leg so Stoinis can read it, stay back and defend;
27.4;4;Kuldeep to Stoinis, FOUR runs too full from Kuldeep. "Na, na, na," goes Dhoni, no translation needed. Stoinis doesn't need to read it, as he drives elegantly through cover;
27.3;?;Kuldeep to Stoinis, no run darted in, quicker through the air, flat outside off, turns in, inside-edged into the pad;
27.2;1;Kuldeep to Smith, 1 run flat on the pads, Smith tickles it away to square leg for a single.;
27.1;1;Kuldeep to Stoinis, 1 run the googly on middle, full. Stoinis, I thought, read that quite well and drove to long-off;
26.6;4;Hardik to Smith, FOUR runs raaaces away. You have to finish your over well. Drifts down leg and that's Smith's meat and drink as he flicks down to fine leg. Easy. Stayed patient, got the bad ball and put it away. Fabulous batting;
26.5;?;Hardik to Smith, no run good length on off, Smith watches the ball onto his bat as he defends;
26.4;?;Hardik to Smith, no run beaten again. Good length outside off, Smith looks to force a stab through the off side but no connection;
26.3;?;Hardik to Smith, no run good length outside off, somehow gets the ball to move away juuuust a touch. Enough at this level though. Awkwardly defended;
26.2;?;Hardik to Smith, no run full and straight, 134 kph, driven on the up to mid-on;
26.1;?;Hardik to Smith, no run beauty. Was it the legcutter? 139 kph delivery, full outside off, Smith plays the line and the ball jags away. Was cross-seam;
25.6;?;Kuldeep to Stoinis, no run another quick dart on middle and leg, nudged into the leg side. Australia staying cautious against Kuldeep;
25.5;?;Kuldeep to Stoinis, no run flat outside off, the googly, defended;
25.4;1;Kuldeep to Smith, 1 run flight outside off, worked to long-on for fifty. A terrific innings from Smith. Australia's first fifty of the series;
25.3;?;Kuldeep to Smith, no run a big appeal from Kuldeep, on the pads again, Smith misses a flick but the ball takes the thigh pad. Dhoni collects cleanly;
25.2;?;Kuldeep to Smith, no run on the pads, worked to square leg;
25.1;?;Kuldeep to Smith, no run eeks, a short slow delivery down leg that may have been wide to the left-hander. Smith gets a little bat on his hard paddle, and it hits Dhoni's pads who has moved to his left well;
24.6;?;Hardik to Stoinis, no run nibbles away from length, just outside off, Stoinis is beaten as he prods without any conviction;
24.5;?;Hardik to Stoinis, no run gets to the pitch of the ball and eases this full delivery to mid-of again;
24.4;4;Hardik to Stoinis, FOUR runs half-volley on the pads and Stoinis gleefully accepts the gift as he picks this off his pads to the square leg boundary;
24.3;?;Hardik to Stoinis, no run back of length and just around off, Stoinis leaves;
24.2;?;Hardik to Stoinis, no run much fuller and just outside off, driven firmly to mid-off;
24.1;?;Hardik to Stoinis, no run skiddy length ball on middle, defended back down the pitch;
23.6;?;Kuldeep to Smith, no run googly, not to the pitch of the ball, rolls off the leading edge towards point;
23.5;2;Kuldeep to Smith, 2 runs too short this time, tucked away towards Chahal at fine leg. Risky second but the throw wasn't the greatest;
23.4;4;Kuldeep to Smith, FOUR runs too full, too much width and he's crashed that to the cover boundary. Cry of anguish from Dhoni, as if to say 'that's not the line I asked you to bowl.' This was right in his hitting arc;
23.3;1;Kuldeep to Stoinis, 1 run slow turn from off stump, touch short as well, punched to long-off;
23.2;1;Kuldeep to Smith, 1 run worked with the spin to midwicket for an easy single;
23.1;2;Kuldeep to Smith, 2 runs touch short, he gets across the stumps and tickles this towards fine leg;
22.6;?;Chahal to Stoinis, no run drifts in and spin away to whizz past the outside edge. Nervous poke from Stoinis,feet went nowhere;
22.5;W;Chahal to Maxwell, OUT there's the magic ball. Dhoni isn't generally pumped up but boy, is he animated or what? Outstanding work by Chahal. Tossed it up but slowed it down nicely, he saw Maxwell charge down so lobbed this towards middle and leg, Maxwell, who senses he may not have gotten to the pitch of the ball, looks to turn this to the leg side, but the ball deflects off his right pad as the ball went between his legs, Dhoni collects it and smashes the stumps to leave Maxwell way outside the crease. Huge moment in the game.;Glenn Maxwell st ?Dhoni b Chahal 14 (21m 18b 0x4 2x6) SR: 77.77;
22.4;?;Chahal to Maxwell, no run sharp turn from off stump, shortened his length just a touch, bunted to Jadhav at point;
22.3;?;Chahal to Maxwell, no run gets this to drift into middle, Maxwell lunges forward and blocks;
22.2;?;Chahal to Maxwell, no run appeal for stumping but the square leg umpire waits to see if Dhoni is confident. The backfoot was well back. Maxwell was drawn forward by the flight and dip as he saw this spin away sharply. Superb delivery;
22.1;?;Chahal to Maxwell, no run good stop by Pandey at cover, this was nicely flighted and he really went after that one;
21.6;?;Bumrah to Smith, no run back of length delivery outside off, rolled his fingers over the delivery, Smith happy to leave;
21.5;1;Bumrah to Maxwell, 1 run pokes outside the line of this length ball, rolls off a thick inside edge to square leg;
21.4;?;Bumrah to Maxwell, no run this one skids back in to hit Maxwell on the stomach. Caught off guard by the bounce this time;
21.3;?;Bumrah to Maxwell, no run bunts this length ball off the backfoot to point;
21.2;?;Bumrah to Maxwell, no run cut through, nearly. How did that miss off stump? I don't know. This length ball jags back in and beats the inside edge. Maxwell surprised by the lack of bounce;
21.1;?;Bumrah to Maxwell, no run skiddy bouncer on middle, Maxwell is right inside the crease as he blocks;
20.6;?;Chahal to Smith, no run lunges forward and drives this flighted delivery straight to cover;
20.5;?;Chahal to Smith, no run opens his wrists up to drive this to point. Wasn't to the pitch of the ball to drive through cover;
20.4;1;Chahal to Maxwell, 1 run keeps a touch low, cut away towards sweeper cover;
20.3;?;Chahal to Maxwell, no run drawn forward by the flight, Maxwell comes forward and blocks;
20.3;1w;Chahal to Maxwell, 1 wide tosses this up outside off to beat Maxwell in flight as he looks to slap this away. Harsh call from the umpire, who thought this was way outside off;
20.2;1;Chahal to Smith, 1 run eased with the spin to long-off as they jog the single;
20.1;?;Chahal to Smith, no run appeal for caught behind but there's no bat on it. Smith looks to tickle this in-drifter. Smith is amused, didn't hit anything. Don't normally see Dhoni appeal unless he's supremely confident, but this time he too was wrong;
19.6;?;Kuldeep to Maxwell, no run chops this cut to cover;
19.5;?;Kuldeep to Maxwell, no run sweeps and misses, this was the googly. He shortened his length as well. Pitched outside leg though;
19.4;6;Kuldeep to Maxwell, SIX runs he bowls this just a touch quicker, perhaps as a result of the previous delivery, but it makes no difference. This is also on leg stump, he's down on one knee as he sweeps this behind sqyuare.;
19.3;6;Kuldeep to Maxwell, SIX runs swept deep into the stands at deep midwicket. Nothing wrong with the delivery, gave it nice flight, Maxwell was down on one knee as he swept this fiercely over the roopes;
19.2;?;Kuldeep to Maxwell, no run drilled back to the bowler, too full this time from Kuldeep. Good stop off his own bowling;
19.1;1;Kuldeep to Smith, 1 run worked with the spin towards deep midwicket;
18.6;1;Chahal to Smith, 1 run whips this against the turn towards deep midwicket;
18.5;?;Chahal to Smith, no run slider that rolls off the inner half of the bat to midwicket;
18.4;?;Chahal to Smith, no run squared up by the turn, Smith was off balance as he defended from the crease;
18.3;?;Chahal to Smith, no run got himself into an awkward position, looked to work it to the leg side but this dipped on him to roll back off a leading edge;
18.2;?;Chahal to Smith, no run tossed up on middle and leg, eased to midwicket again;
18.1;?;Chahal to Smith, no run works this in-drifter to Pandya at midwicket;
17.6;?;Kuldeep to Maxwell, no run wrong'un but this is too full to cause much trouble, squeezed back to Kuldeep;
17.5;1;Kuldeep to Smith, 1 run flicks this tossed up delivery towards deep midwicket;
17.4;2;Kuldeep to Smith, 2 runs misfield by Rohit at cover, this went right through his legs. Two runs taken. He's having a bad day on the field;
17.3;?;Kuldeep to Smith, no run lunges forward and defends the tossed up delivery back to the bowler;
17.2;?;Kuldeep to Smith, no run sharp turn from outside off, came back in sharply to hit the pad off a thin inside edge. Things happening;
17.1;?;Kuldeep to Smith, no run nearly yorked himself again, squeezed away off a thick inside edge;
16.6;W;Chahal to Head, OUT too easy, the full toss has done the trick this time. Waist-high full toss, this was dipping on him though. He could've swung this wherever he pleased. What does he do? Flick it straight to Pandey at midwicket. Head was in sparkling form but will have to go.;Travis Head c Pandey b Chahal 39 (57m 39b 5x4 0x6) SR: 100;
16.5;1;Chahal to Smith, 1 run missed out on the full toss, hit straight to deep midwicket this time;
16.4;1;Chahal to Head, 1 run full on middle and leg, squeezed to long-on;
16.3;2;Chahal to Head, 2 runs worked with the spin towards deep midwicket;
16.2;?;Chahal to Head, no run sweeps and misses. This drifted across the left-hander;
16.1;1;Chahal to Smith, 1 run slow turn from off stump, eased to point. Kedar was late to move forward towards the ball. Dhoni isn't happy with the effort.;
15.6;?;Kuldeep to Head, no run slow turn from off stump, too short to trouble anyone. Punched to Pandey at cover;
15.5;?;Kuldeep to Head, no run looks to flick but nearly yorked himself, squeezed to the leg side;
15.4;1;Kuldeep to Smith, 1 run wrists this from middle and off towards deep midwicket;
15.3;2;Kuldeep to Smith, 2 runs worked with the spin into the gap between deep midwicket and deep square;
15.2;1;Kuldeep to Head, 1 run swept against the turn to deep square leg;
15.1;?;Kuldeep to Head, no run looks to work across the line and is hit on the pad. This was the wrong'un which may have gone on to hit the stumps, but impact was outside off.;
14.6;1;Chahal to Head, 1 run touch short, spins back into middle and leg, worked to deep square as they jog the single;
14.5;?;Chahal to Head, no run this spun back in sharply from off stump, Head was late to defend. This ball zipped off the track and beat the inside edge to hit the pad. Only bounce could have saved him. India may have erred;
14.4;1;Chahal to Smith, 1 run driven past the bowler to long-off;
14.3;?;Chahal to Smith, no run beauty from Chahal. Slowed it down nicely again, spun away sharply to roll off the outer half of the bat to the off side;
14.2;?;Chahal to Smith, no run lovely loop, deceived in flight and drift. Looked to work across the line, leading edge again, rolls to cover;
14.1;1;Chahal to Head, 1 run leading edge that rolls towards the edge of the ring at cover, he was looking to work it with the spin to the leg side;
13.6;?;Hardik to Smith, no run driven firmly on the up but straight to mid-off;
13.5;2;Hardik to Smith, 2 runs shuffles across Smith style and whips this towards Chahal at deep square. It raced away faster than he expected;
13.4;1;Hardik to Head, 1 run crunched on the up to sweeper cover;
13.3;4;Hardik to Head, FOUR runs too straight. Length ball on middle and leg and he's flicked that away past Bumrah at mid-on. Lovely use of the wrists to pick the gap. Mind you, the weight wasn't fully forward, so this was all the more astonishing. It's flying off his blade at the moment. Pandya is struggling;
13.2;?;Hardik to Head, no run driven firmly but straight to Kohli at extra cover;
13.1;2;Hardik to Head, 2 runs too straight and Head's picked him away towards deep midwicket from middle;
12.6;1;Chahal to Head, 1 run worked with the spin towards deep square;
12.5;?;Chahal to Head, no run this one skids back in sharply, Head is late on the shot. Looked to whip but had to hurry to make some contact;
12.4;1;Chahal to Smith, 1 run much straighter, gets this to drift in, eased down to long-on;
12.3;?;Chahal to Smith, no run nicely tossed up, just outside off, Smith gets forward and blocks;
12.2;?;Chahal to Smith, no run lunges forward and drives with the spin to cover;
12.1;1;Chahal to Head, 1 run touch short on middle and leg, tucked to square leg;
11.6;4lb;Hardik to Smith, 4 leg byes deflects off the pad to the third man boundary. Played outside the line of this length ball as he shuffled across, enough pace on Pandya's deliveries for this to run away. Runs leaking for India;
11.5;?;Hardik to Smith, no run excellent comeback delivery, a short ball that buzzes past Smith's left ear as he looks to avoid the bouncer;
11.4;4;Hardik to Smith, FOUR runs drilled down past mid-on. They've decided to play shots and at the moment, they're all authentic. Pressure back on India;
11.3;?;Hardik to Smith, no run banged in short, just around off, Smith is squared up as he defends awkwardly;
11.2;4;Hardik to Smith, FOUR runs this is simply sublime from Smith. This is a touch ahead of length, not much movement in the air, Smith moves across and simply hits that through the line to beat cover;
11.1;?;Hardik to Smith, no run on the move as he tries to drive on the up, gets a thick inside edge onto the pad;
10.6;1;Bhuvneshwar to Smith, 1 run steers this short delivery down to Chahal at deep point;
10.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Smith, no run crunching drive on the up but straight to extra cover;
10.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Smith, no run bunts this back of length delivery on off stump to cover;
10.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Smith, no run full and just outside off, Smith shuffles across and then watches this through to the keeper;
10.2;1;Bhuvneshwar to Head, 1 run goes for a cut, gets a thick edge down to substitute Jadeja at square third man;
10.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Head, no run skiddy length ball on off stump, Head punches this to midwicket;
9.6;?;Hardik to Smith, no run gets across the line of the stumps and defends this incoming length ball;
9.5;?;Hardik to Smith, no run back of length delivery that jags away from off stump, left alone;
9.4;3;Hardik to Head, 3 runs not all that full but Head leans into the drive and executes this superbly into the gap. Rahane sprints towards the cover boundary and parries it back to Pandey, who in-turn relays it to the keeper. Good work, all of it to save one run.;
9.3;4;Hardik to Head, FOUR runs this is a poor ball, it went to the midwicket boundary even before Pandya could complete his followthrough. Too short, Head got into position quickly and hammered that away;
9.2;?;Hardik to Head, no run right onto the backfoot as he blocks;
9.1;?;Hardik to Head, no run starts off with a length ball on off, Head looks to pull but this kept just a touch low to beat his swing.;
8.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Smith, no run squared up by the length, Smith defends this off the backfoot;
8.5;1;Bhuvneshwar to Head, 1 run too straight, too full, flicked to deep square leg;
8.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Head, no run width on offer, looks to cut but can only chop it to the fielder coming in from point;
8.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Head, no run play and a miss again. Gets this length ball to angle away from wide of the crease;
8.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Head, no run full and just around off, excellent leave this time;
8.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Head, no run looked to smash the leather off the ball, couldn't get any bat on this short ball. There was enough width as well;
7.6;4b;Bumrah to Smith, 4 byes rare miss from Dhoni, who doesn't get much glove as he looks to stop that down leg. Length ball angling down, Smith shuffled across to whip it square but missed it too;
7.5;?;Bumrah to Smith, no run yorker at the base of off, Smith looks to shuffles across and whip and was off balance as the ball descended, somehow managed to keep that out;
7.4;4;Bumrah to Smith, FOUR runs he's having an off day is Bumrah. Drops this short, Smith uses the depth of the crease to get on top of the bounce and punch that away between cover and point;
7.3;4;Bumrah to Smith, FOUR runs full and just outside off, Smith shuffles across and shovels this away into the midwicket boundary;
7.2;?;Bumrah to Smith, no run full and just around off, defended from the crease;
7.1;?;Bumrah to Smith, no run lets this go, this one nearly rolls through to Dhoni;
6.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Head, no run dropped! Pokes at an away-going delivery, this flew low to Rohit who was late to move low down to complete that catch at first slip. Oh, dear. Was a healthy edge, it looked like Rohit moved late. And while he managed to get into position, a split-second late resulted in the catch going down. Hit his palm and went down;
6.5;4;Bhuvneshwar to Head, FOUR runs lovely roll of the wrists as he whips this length ball on middle and leg to the square leg boundary. Easily done;
6.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Head, no run forces one off a thick inside edge to midwicket. Was deep inside the crease in his attempt to play late at a delivery angling away;
6.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Head, no run full and in the driving zone outside off, Head is happy to leave;
6.2;1;Bhuvneshwar to Smith, 1 run thick inside edge that rolls to the leg side for a quick single. Pushed away from the body without any conviction;
6.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Smith, no run back of length delivery that jags away from outside off, left alone. Smith shuffled across a long way;
5.6;?;Bumrah to Head, no run chases an away-going delivery and is beaten. No feet movement, just threw his bat out to hit that on the up, but couldn't reach out;
5.5;1;Bumrah to Smith, 1 run squeezed away towards square third man;
5.4;3;Bumrah to Head, 3 runs looks to force this through mid-on, gets the inner half of the bat to beat square leg. Chahal hares across and then dishes in a dive to pull it back in near the deep square boundary;
5.3;?;Bumrah to Head, no run angles a length ball across the left-hander, left alone;
5.2;4;Bumrah to Head, FOUR runs width and he's thumped this to the point boundary. Too short, this was sitting up nicely as Head used the width to put that away;
5.1;4;Bumrah to Head, FOUR runs flies past leg stump. Oooh! How lucky is Head? Pokes at an away-going length ball, got a thick inside edge. On another day, he would've chopped on;
4.6;1lb;Bhuvneshwar to Head, 1 leg bye this one's full and comes back in to hit Head on the pad, they take a run off the deflection. There was a stifled appeal but this pitched way outside leg;
4.5;W;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, OUT he's bowled to him a million times in the nets for Sunrisers, does him with a beauty that is pouched superbly at second slip. Floats this full and away, gets this to nip away after pitching, Warner doesn't drive but simply hangs his bat out to get a thick edge that flies to Rahane, who takes is safely. Australia in trouble already. What an inspired burst this is turning out to be;David Warner c Rahane b Kumar 1 (22m 9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 11.11;
4.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run full and swinging away from off stump, there's an open invitation to drive if Warner really wants to have a go at that, he leaves again;
4.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run banana swing from Bhuvi, gets this to move away in the air and little more after it pitches, left alone;
4.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run angles a length ball across the left-hander, Warner lets it go this time;
4.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run jaffa! Takes a beauty to beat a top batsman like that. Back of length delivery angling away, this pitches on off and nips away to beat Warner's tentative prod;
3.6;?;Bumrah to Smith, no run shuffles across but Bumrah gets this to move away in the air, the length is fuller on off, he gets behind the line and blocks;
3.5;4;Bumrah to Smith, FOUR runs thick edge but down to the third man boundary. Jabbed at this, luckily it went along the ground past second slip;
3.4;?;Bumrah to Smith, no run alarming movement just as it passes the batsman. Dug in at length just outside off, Smith let that go;
3.3;?;Bumrah to Smith, no run beaten. Terrific. Smith has no clue again which way this is coming. Pitches at length just outside off and holds its line. Smith pokes and misses.;
3.2;2;Bumrah to Smith, 2 runs shuffles across and whips this short of length ball off his hip towards deep square;
3.1;1;Bumrah to Warner, 1 run punches this skiddy length ball to deep poin;
2.6;W;Bhuvneshwar to Cartwright, OUT this is almost like how he got Hafeez on his T20I debut. String of dot balls may have played on Cartwright's mind. This is a good length delivery just around off, Cartwright isn't sure if this one's going away or coming in. Pokes at the delivery without any conviction and sees the ball beat the inside edge and crash into the stumps. Bhuvneshwar's foot was very close to the line, but Cartwright has been told he can continue walking.;Hilton Cartwright b Kumar 1 (12m 15b 0x4 0x6) SR: 6.66;
2.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Cartwright, no run comes closer to the stumps and delivers a full delivery that moves away off the seam from off stump, watched through to Dhoni;
2.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Cartwright, no run floats this full, just around off, gets this to nip back in. Cartwright blocks;
2.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Cartwright, no run full and just around off again, defended solidly this time;
2.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Cartwright, no run invites the drive by pitching this up outside off, left alone;
2.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Cartwright, no run short of length outside off, barely bounces this time, Cartwright leaves;
1.6;?;Bumrah to Warner, no run this is stunning from Bumrah. Zips across the length ball that pitches on off and deviates away, Warner is late on the stroke. Beaten;
1.5;1lb;Bumrah to Cartwright, 1 leg bye late on the attempted flick, this length ball comes back in and hits him on the pad and deflects wide of Dhoni as they steal a leg-bye;
1.4;?;Bumrah to Cartwright, no run beaten. Looked to punch on the up but this one nipped away to beat the batsman comprehensively. Played for the one that comes in.;
1.3;?;Bumrah to Cartwright, no run floats a full-length delivery on off, Cartwright is well forward as he bunts this to the off side;
1.2;?;Bumrah to Cartwright, no run hops back and across as he turns this short of length delivery on middle and leg to square leg;
1.1;?;Bumrah to Cartwright, no run brave leave. The length ball jags back in to whizz past the off stump as Cartwright leaves;
0.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run gets one to come back in off the seam, Warner hops back and defends back down the pitch. Excellent start from Bhuvi;
0.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run gets this length ball to nip away from outside off, Warner lets it go. Zips to Dhoni;
0.4;1;Bhuvneshwar to Cartwright, 1 run tucks this to Chahal at square leg as they scamper through. Warner wasn't sure of the run but trusted his mate. Even a direct hit wouldn't have been enough here;
0.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Cartwright, no run minimal feet movement as he bunts this length ball on off with soft hands;
0.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Cartwright, no run gets this length ball to go the other way - nip back in - and hit him high on the box as he plays all around it. Ouch;
0.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Cartwright, no run hint of movement in the air, full and just outside off, left alone;

Hilton Cartwright opens with David Warner. He failed on ODI debut but has an opportunity to make amends. Bhuvneshwar with the new ball for India. Two slips in place
6.10pm Welcome back. We're about to resume, but as Kohli gives a pep talk to his team, here's a completely new ball game. You can read about Ronaldinho, Ryan Giggs and Paul Scholes playing futsal in Bengaluru. One of them scored a hat-trick and Debayan Sen was there
 Innings Start
India
Australia
2nd ODI (D/N), Kolkata, Sep 21 2017, Australia tour of India
252
202
Player of the match is Virat Kohli, INDIA
India won by 50 runs
