Data
Who would have thought at the halfway stage! George Bailey has played one helluva gritty knock here. He took some blows, edged a few around, more importantly, he survived the torrid period. But then he found an able ally in James Faulkner and the two revived the innings with a century stand before Bailey finished with a flourish. 266 never looked probable at the halfway stage. West Indies must think they missed out on a big chance..
James: "I just want to point out this comment at the start of Bailey's innings: "Krish: So, once again George Bailey comes to the crease when Australia is in trouble. He must score above 100 strike rate and must score a century, otherwise he's gonna be crucified by fans." Mission Accomplished."
Sam: "Baley got an inside edge just past the stumps for 4, then was beaten and egded a ball that went between wicket keeper and slip, then survived an LBW shout that should have been given out, then 100 runs later. Just proves when you are lucky, nothing can stop you."
Alan: "You see George Bailey, you really had a wonderful life!"
Jason Plummer: "Very poor death bowling and superb batting by Bailey forms a perfect storm for Australia"
Julius: "Wow...where did THAT come from....impressive from lil George....now for the Gayle show.....:D"
Dylan: "I will happily eat crow. What an innings -- George Bailey is here to stay!"
John: "Real simple -Bailey and Faulkner played it the way Tasmania does - with grit and determination."
Luke: "Did Michael Hussey and Michael Bevan have a child and name it George by any chance?"
Shakil: "Bailey probably wishing the squad for India was being picked after this game (and Khawaja probably happy it has already been picked)."



49.6;6;Bravo to Bailey, SIX runs What-a-way-to-finish! This time he goes over extra cover and gets a whole lot of bat on it, it sails deep into the crowd at extra cover.. what an innings and what a way to finish!;
49.5;6;Bravo to Bailey, SIX runs length ball of off and Bravo is leaking has let the floodgates open here, this one goes over long on into the stands. Pollard can just watch..;
49.4;2;Bravo to Bailey, 2 runs dropped by Pollard. Very harsh, but given the fielding standards today, that is what it is I am afraid. It was a lofted shot and Pollard dived full-length but can't quite pull it off;
49.3;6;Bravo to Bailey, SIX runs same ball, but this time he gets more on it, it goes over the rope and hits the ad-boards;
49.2;4;Bravo to Bailey, FOUR runs slower ball outside off, the batsman has to wait a long time for the ball, he then just flat bats it over the bowler's head. Pollard tries hard, but is not able to stop the ball.;
49.1;1;Bravo to Johnson, 1 run short of length on off stump, pulled in front of square, to deep midwicket;
48.6;6;Roach to Bailey, SIX runs That's it!! It's a wonderful hundred and he brings it up with a wonderful swat over long-on off a low full-toss. Brilliant innings given the context of the game;
48.5;1;Roach to Johnson, 1 run slower delivery on off stump, it is short of length too, Johnson waits and tucks it to the leg side for a single;
48.4;1;Roach to Bailey, 1 run another low full-toss and he drives it hard down to long-on;
48.3;1;Roach to Johnson, 1 run low full toss on the pads, punched down to long-on;
48.2;1;Roach to Bailey, 1 run makes room and drives the full delivery straight to extra cover fielder;
48.1;3lb;Roach to Johnson, 3 leg byes overthrows bring Bailey back into strike, it was dabbed towards deep point, and the batsmen call for a couple, the throw comes to the keeper, who then fires it towards non-striker where no one backs it up;
35.6;2;Holder to Faulkner, 2 runs this time he stays in the crease, but goes for the pull anyway. The fielder at deep midwicket cuts it off;
35.5;4;Holder to Faulkner, FOUR runs more runs, this is more of what Maxwell was doing in the last game. Faulkner charges out and moves outside leg, flat bats the short of length delivery all along the ground to midwicket boundary;
35.4;?;Holder to Faulkner, no run slightly slower on off stump, the batsman pushes it back to the bowler off the front foot;
35.3;1;Holder to Bailey, 1 run another forceful shot, this time it's a pull off a short delivery to deep backward square leg;
35.2;4;Holder to Bailey, FOUR runs makes room by moving outside leg and cuts this one all along the ground through cover point, it goes through a diving Darren Bravo and Bailey brings up his half-century;
35.1;4;Holder to Bailey, FOUR runs arches back and cuts the shorter length delivery on off stump over the point fielder for a welcome boundary;
34.6;1;Bravo to Bailey, 1 run slower delivery on the middle stump line, the batsman waits for it and flicks it to deep midwicket for a single;
34.5;1;Bravo to Faulkner, 1 run length ball on off, it is pushed off the front foot to mid-off who is standing a little deep;
34.4;?;Bravo to Faulkner, no run a yorker outside off stump, the batsman gets an under-edge to the wicketkeeper;
34.3;?;Bravo to Faulkner, no run short of length delivery, cutting in to the batsman, he tries to flick it down to fine leg but misses and gets hit on the thigh pad;
34.2;1;Bravo to Bailey, 1 run length ball on off stump, slight away swing, driven down to long-on;
34.1;1;Bravo to Faulkner, 1 run short delivery and the batsman goes for a pull, doesn't get hold of it as his hand comes off the handle, it goes down to deep backward square;
47.6;1;Bravo to Johnson, 1 run it is a low full-toss and Johnson finds Gayle again with his flick, just a single. He could have hit it anywhere really;
47.5;?;Bravo to Johnson, no run it wasn't too short, but Johnson goes for the pull and hits it straight to Gayle at backward square leg;
47.4;4;Bravo to Johnson, FOUR runs full and wide outside off, it's in the arc and Johnson drives it straight down the ground, it bounces once before hitting the advertising boards;
47.3;1;Bravo to Bailey, 1 run another slower ball wide outside off, the batsman waits for it and hits it to deep extra cover with a flat-batted shot;
47.2;2;Bravo to Bailey, 2 runs a very wide slower ball, would have been called, but Bailey throws his bat at it and hits it towards deep extra cover for a couple;
47.1;1;Bravo to Johnson, 1 run short of length delivery on middle stump, pulled in front of square for a single;
46.6;1;Roach to Johnson, 1 run quick yorker on the pads, it is dug out towards midwicket;
46.5;2;Roach to Johnson, 2 runs waits on the back foot and pushes it to deep point, where a fumble by Powell allows a couple;
46.4;?;Roach to Johnson, no run low full toss outside off, Johnson fails to take advantage as he hits it straight to mid-off;
46.3;1;Roach to Bailey, 1 run it is a slower ball wide outside off, but the batsman adjusts and pulls it down to deep midwicket;
46.2;1;Roach to Johnson, 1 run back of length on off stump, he gets square up a bit as he pushes this towards point;
46.1;1;Roach to Bailey, 1 run fuller delivery on off stump, it is swatted down to deep midwicket, but there was a fielder there and he keeps the batsmen to a single;
45.6;1;Holder to Bailey, 1 run length ball with a lot of width outside off, cracked down to third-man for a single, Bailey keeps the strike;
45.5;1;Holder to Johnson, 1 run full on the pads, he flicks it to deep backward square leg;
45.4;?;Holder to Johnson, no run goes across the batsman who gets his bat out of the way of the ball;
45.3;1;Holder to Bailey, 1 run full and wide outside off, driven straight to cover, but they take a single;
45.2;4;Holder to Bailey, FOUR runs and more runs, this time it is short of length and quickly swivel and pulls it down to the gap at deep backward square;
45.1;4;Holder to Bailey, FOUR runs and they are on their way, it is full and on off stump, the batsman drives it hard past the bowler to the straight boundary;
44.6;?;Sammy to Johnson, no run he responds with a length delivery outside off that goes past the outside edge;
44.5;2;Sammy to Johnson, 2 runs short of length delivery angling across the batsman, Johnson pulls it in front of square to wide long-on;
44.4;?;Sammy to Johnson, no run angles across the left-hander who thrusts his front foot out and lets it go through;
44.4;1w;Sammy to Johnson, 1 wide called a wide as this one sails over the batsman, it was wide outside off too;
44.3;1;Sammy to Bailey, 1 run length delivery on off stump, pushed towards mid-on with soft hands for a quick single;
44.2;W;Sammy to Faulkner, OUT caught at deep midwicket! So there is the wicket, they had to wait almost 20 overs for it. Faulkner makes room by moving outside leg and tries to flat-bat that to the stands at deep midwicket but it goes high, and is caught just inside the boundary by Powell, who didn't have to move much at all;James Faulkner c Powell b Sammy 39 (88m 67b 3x4 0x6) SR: 58.2;
44.1;1;Sammy to Bailey, 1 run length ball, it is driven off the front foot to extra cover for a single which brings the century of this stand.;
43.6;?;Holder to Faulkner, no run ahh, well done by the keeper as he stops an inside edge that looked headed towards the boundary;
43.5;1;Holder to Bailey, 1 run back of length on off, the batsman punches it to deep cover for a single;
43.4;1;Holder to Faulkner, 1 run shorter length ball is pushed towards midwicket but the two take a single;
43.3;1lb;Holder to Bailey, 1 leg bye moves way outside off stump, but gets full yorker that hits the pads and goes towards short fine, Bailey was on the floor as he fell offbalance;
43.2;?;Holder to Bailey, no run he goes for the pull and it hit straight to Gayle at midwicket, the batsmen set off for a single anyway. Gayle had to hit the stumps, but he missed;
43.1;1;Holder to Faulkner, 1 run back of length angling in to the batsman, who opens the face and dabs it towards point for a quick single;
42.6;1;Sammy to Faulkner, 1 run full and wide outside off, it takes another outside edge but Sarwan at third-man comes around a bit quicker this time and keeps the batsmen to a single;
42.5;1;Sammy to Bailey, 1 run short and wide outside off, cut to deep point off the back foot;
42.4;2;Sammy to Bailey, 2 runs this time he beats the backward point fielder and third-man takes a long time to come around, they run a couple;
42.3;?;Sammy to Bailey, no run length ball on off stump, dabbed towards backward point;
42.2;4;Sammy to Bailey, FOUR runs walks across the stumps and tries to push a delivery from wide of off to the leg side but gets a leading edge to third-man boundary;
42.1;1;Sammy to Faulkner, 1 run fuller length delivery outside off, driven off the front foot to deep cover for a single;
41.6;1;Narine to Faulkner, 1 run another one that goes away, but the length is too short and allows the batsman to adjust and play that to the left of backward point;
41.5;?;Narine to Faulkner, no run tossed up on off stump, he comes forward and defends to off side;
41.4;4;Narine to Faulkner, FOUR runs this goes the other way, and the batsman does well to cut it hard and beat the man at backward point;
41.3;1;Narine to Bailey, 1 run slightly short outside off stump, the batsman stays in the crease and pulls it to deep midwicket;
41.2;1;Narine to Faulkner, 1 run he comes forward and pushes the flighted ball to the right of point fielder;
41.1;1;Narine to Bailey, 1 run big offspinner, turns into Bailey, who does well to punch it towards cover off the back foot;
40.6;?;Sammy to Faulkner, no run waits on the backfoot for this one on the off stump line, opens the face but it goes straight to Pollard at backward point;
40.5;?;Sammy to Faulkner, no run he comes from wide off the crease and bowls a shorter length delivery, the batsman goes for the pull but makes no connection;
40.4;1;Sammy to Bailey, 1 run makes room by moving outside leg, it is carved to deep cover;
40.3;1;Sammy to Faulkner, 1 run he comes forward and drives the length delivery outside off to cover, who is standing a bit deep;
40.2;?;Sammy to Faulkner, no run length ball on off stump, a touch slower, pushed back to the bowler;
40.1;1;Sammy to Bailey, 1 run he bowls length on off stump, the batsman punches it down the ground to long-on;
39.6;1;Narine to Bailey, 1 run tossed up outside off stump, the batsman dabs it towards the vacant square leg area and calls for two, but the keeper runs around and keeps them to one;
39.5;4;Narine to Bailey, FOUR runs some extras here as this one turns down the leg side, oh, the umpire gives it as some runs. Probably there was a faint tickle, hard to tell;
39.4;?;Narine to Bailey, no run flatter delivery short of length on off stump, he goes back and punches it straight to cover;
39.3;1;Narine to Faulkner, 1 run fuller delivery outside off and that is pushed softly to cover, the batsmen complete a tight single;
39.2;1;Narine to Bailey, 1 run flighted on the off stump line, turns towards leg, it is tucked down to fine-leg for a single;
39.1;1;Narine to Faulkner, 1 run quicker delivery on off stump, pushed to the off side off the back foot;
38.6;?;Roach to Bailey, no run it is a slower ball outside off stump and the batsman completely misses it as he aims for the leg side;
38.5;1;Roach to Faulkner, 1 run back of length on the stumps, the batsman gets beside the line and plays a late cut to third-man;
38.4;1;Roach to Bailey, 1 run it's is outside off and it's again dabbed to the left of Pollard at point;
38.3;1;Roach to Faulkner, 1 run gives himself some room and dabs the length delivery on the middle stump towards third-man;
38.2;3;Roach to Bailey, 3 runs he goes to the other side with a flick down to deep backward square where Powell makes a sliding save;
38.1;?;Roach to Bailey, no run short and wide and that is cut hard, but there is a wall called Pollard that his hard to breach;
37.6;?;Narine to Faulkner, no run now the conventional offspinner, turns in and hits the pads as the batsman comes forward to defend;
37.5;?;Narine to Faulkner, no run he still can't get it away, it is full and flighted and it's pushed to cover;
37.4;?;Narine to Faulkner, no run a quicker delivery on the off stump, pushed back to the bowler;
37.3;?;Narine to Faulkner, no run that's the straighter one (or the one going other way), goes past the outside edge;
37.2;?;Narine to Faulkner, no run full and flighted on off stump, the batsman comes forward and pushes that to cover;
37.1;1;Narine to Bailey, 1 run starts off with a flat delivery on the stumps, it is pushed to long-on off the back foot;
36.6;?;Bravo to Faulkner, no run attempts a yorker but it turns out to be a full-toss on the pads, the batsman misses out as he gets an inside edge on to his pads;
36.5;1;Bravo to Bailey, 1 run fuller length on the pads, driven down to deep midwicket;
36.4;1;Bravo to Faulkner, 1 run back of length on off stump, he opens the face and runs it to the left of Pollard at point;
36.3;?;Bravo to Faulkner, no run makes room by moving outside leg and goes through with a big swing, but it was a slower ball and he misses it completely;
36.2;?;Bravo to Faulkner, no run back of length delivery on off stump, the batsman tries to work it to the leg side but gets a leading edge towards cover;
36.1;1;Bravo to Bailey, 1 run slower ball on off stump, the batsman wanted to play it on off, but ends up pushing it towards midwicket;
33.6;?;Holder to Bailey, no run keeps it a touch outside off, the batsman gets up on his toes and defends it to the off side;
33.5;1;Holder to Faulkner, 1 run into the batsman's body, it is easily worked away behind square on the leg side for another single;
33.4;?;Holder to Faulkner, no run it was back of length around off stump, but with Holder's height, it was always going over the stumps, left alone;
33.3;2;Holder to Faulkner, 2 runs back of length, but it's on the pads and is easily turned away to deep backward square for a couple;
33.3;1w;Holder to Faulkner, 1 wide and another one, he gets a lot of bounce with those ones slammed hard on the deck. Goes way over;
33.3;1w;Holder to Faulkner, 1 wide the bowler attempts a quick bouncer, but it easily bounces over the batsman;
33.2;?;Holder to Faulkner, no run inside edge bounces over the stumps as the batsman tried to defend the short of length delivery, not very far again;
33.1;?;Holder to Faulkner, no run gets steep bounce around off stump from just back of a length, defended back down the pitch;
32.6;?;Bravo to Bailey, no run there comes the slower ball! It hits the batsman on the pads as he fell forward. Big appeal but the umpire says no. Sammy thinks otherwise and calls for a review. The replays show the ball just missing the leg stump. It looked very close in the first instance;
32.5;?;Bravo to Bailey, no run back of length delivery on off stump, slightly slower, tucked away to midwicket off the back foot;
32.4;?;Bravo to Bailey, no run full delivery on the stumps, this time he pushes it a bit hard towards mid-on and thus there is no chance of a single;
32.3;1;Bravo to Faulkner, 1 run another quick single, this time to mid-off, off a full delivery;
32.2;1;Bravo to Bailey, 1 run he calls for a quick single with a push towards mid-on and gets there comfortably;
32.1;1;Bravo to Faulkner, 1 run fires it on the leg stump and that is easily glanced down to fine leg;
31.6;?;Holder to Bailey, no run back of length of off stump, defended off the back foot down the pitch;
31.5;4;Holder to Bailey, FOUR runs leading edge goes through first slip. But Gayle has been moved to gully from there and it goes through to the boundary. The batsman was looking to turn that on the leg side and was squared-up;
31.4;1;Holder to Faulkner, 1 run plays that one softly off the back foot towards mid-on and calls for a quick single;
31.3;?;Holder to Faulkner, no run fuller length delivery on off stump, the batsman comes forward and drives to mid-off;
31.2;?;Holder to Faulkner, no run oh that jags back into the batsman, hits the batsman around thigh-pad and flies to the keeper.;
31.1;?;Holder to Faulkner, no run gets good bounce with a short of length delivery outside off, chopped towards point off the back foot;
30.6;2;Roach to Bailey, 2 runs squeezed out to deep backward point for a quick couple of runs;
30.5;1;Roach to Faulkner, 1 run a quick short delivery on off stump, Faulkner fends at it, taking his eyes away from the ball, and drops it towards the leg side. The batsmen take a quick single;
30.4;1;Roach to Bailey, 1 run fuller length outside off, Bailey bends his knees and plays a forcing drive to deep cover;
30.3;1;Roach to Faulkner, 1 run he shuffles across and works the short of length delivery to deep square leg off the back foot;
30.2;?;Roach to Faulkner, no run back of length angled delivery on off stump, defended off the back foot down the pitch;
30.1;?;Roach to Faulkner, no run fuller length delivery on off stump, punched back to the bowler;
29.6;?;Sammy to Bailey, no run waits on the back foot and tries to steer the length delivery to third-man, but can't beat Gayle at gully;
29.5;1;Sammy to Faulkner, 1 run some width for the batsman and he takes advantage by cutting it hard to deep cover off the back foot;
29.4;?;Sammy to Faulkner, no run length ball outside off stump, the batsman comes forward and defends it towards cover;
29.3;1;Sammy to Bailey, 1 run another full delivery outside off, pushed to the gap at cover for a single;
29.2;?;Sammy to Bailey, no run fuller outside off, swings away a touch, the batsman wanted to drive it to the off side, but it hits the inside half and goes towards mid-on;
29.1;1;Sammy to Faulkner, 1 run length ball on off stump, guided down to third-man off the outside half of his bat;
28.6;1;Roach to Faulkner, 1 run comes in with the angle on to his body, the batsman pushes it past midwicket for a single off the back foot;
28.5;?;Roach to Faulkner, no run short of length delivery on off stump, the batsman has to hop on his toes to defend that one to the off side;
28.4;1;Roach to Bailey, 1 run short of length delivery on the body, it is tucked away to fine leg by the batsman;
28.3;?;Roach to Bailey, no run length ball outside off stump, the batsman comes forward and steers it to point;
28.2;?;Roach to Bailey, no run back of length delivery outside off, left alone easily;
28.1;2;Roach to Bailey, 2 runs short of length outside off, punched hard to cover where the ball bursts through Gayle's hands. The batsmen take couple;
27.6;4;Sammy to Faulkner, FOUR runs he gets some width outside off and he stands tall and punches that one through cover for his first boundary. No one in the deep;
27.5;?;Sammy to Faulkner, no run short of length delivery on off stump, defended off the back foot to cover;
27.4;?;Sammy to Faulkner, no run keeps it back of length outside off, defended to point off the back foot again;
27.3;?;Sammy to Faulkner, no run back of length delivery, defended towards point off the back foot;
27.2;1;Sammy to Bailey, 1 run and almost a run-out this time! Bailey takes off immediately after dropping the ball on the off side, Pollard from point cuts it off and aims at non-striker's. Would have been a gonner had he hit;
27.1;?;Sammy to Bailey, no run short of length delivery outside off, he gets an under edge to Gayle at gully;
26.6;?;Narine to Faulkner, no run and almost another wicket. Super piece of work by Pollard at short leg, as he flicks the ball back to the stumps in one quick motion. Faulker just got back in time;
26.5;1;Narine to Bailey, 1 run flatter delivery outside off, turns in and it's worked away to deep backward square leg;
26.4;4;Narine to Bailey, FOUR runs poor delivery as this goes down the leg side, paddled down to the fine-leg boundary easily;
26.3;?;Narine to Bailey, no run turns in from around off stump, tucked away on the leg side;
26.2;?;Narine to Bailey, no run full and flighted on the stumps, pushed to midwicket;
26.1;?;Narine to Bailey, no run flighted delivery on off stump, defended to the leg side off the front foot;
25.6;?;Sammy to Faulkner, no run length delivery outside off stump, pushed to point off the back foot;
25.5;?;Sammy to Faulkner, no run fuller length wide of off, the batsman watches the line carefully and lets it go;
25.4;1;Sammy to Bailey, 1 run ohh! Another outside edge, the batsman plays at a swinging delivery without any feet movement, it wasn't very far from Gayle at gully;
25.4;1w;Sammy to Bailey, 1 wide wide delivery and the batsman has a wild swing at it, it goes past the outside edge;
25.3;?;Sammy to Bailey, no run off the back foot this time, it's steered to point off a slightly short of length delivery;
25.2;?;Sammy to Bailey, no run length on off stump again, the batsman comes forward and opens the face to play it towards gully;
25.1;?;Sammy to Bailey, no run length ball on off stump, defended off the front foot;
24.6;?;Narine to Faulkner, no run flatter quicker delivery that goes across the batsman, beats the outside edge as the batsman has a poke at it;
24.5;?;Narine to Faulkner, no run tossed up further to the batsman, he comes forward and pushes it to mid-off;
24.4;?;Narine to Faulkner, no run tossed up outside off, turns into the batsman, he plays it off the back foot;
24.3;?;Narine to Faulkner, no run back of length quicker delivery outside off, played towards the gully off the back foot;
24.2;1;Narine to Bailey, 1 run flighted and full on off stump, the batsman comes forward and drives it down to long-on;
24.1;?;Narine to Bailey, no run;
23.6;?;Sammy to Faulkner, no run short of length outside off, Faulkner goes back and pushes it to cover;
23.5;?;Sammy to Faulkner, no run length ball on off stump, slow ball and Faulkner has to wait for it. He defends it to the off side;
23.4;W;Sammy to Maxwell, OUT Chopped on! Oh the Aussies are crumbling here.. Shot, no shot, whatever. Maxwell, who score a fifty last innings, tries to pull his bat out of the way of a length delivery outside off, he is too late though. The ball hits the inside edge and drops on to his stumps. More joy for captain Sammy;Glenn Maxwell b Sammy 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
23.3;1;Sammy to Bailey, 1 run a good delivery on off stump, the batsman gets squared up and edges it down to third-man;
23.2;?;Sammy to Bailey, no run 118 kph, slower on off stump, pushed to cover off the front foot;
23.1;4;Sammy to Bailey, FOUR runs short of length delivery outside off, Bailey goes back in a flash and cracks a pull through midwicket, all along the ground;
22.6;W;Narine to Wade, OUT caught at first slip! Oh what a blinder from the captain! Wade goes for the cut again, this time the ball didn't come back into him, but bounced extra. He gets a healthy edge towards first slip, but it travels fast and high, and Sammy shows excellent reflexes by pulling off a super one-hander over his head;Matthew Wade c Sammy b Narine 16 (43m 28b 1x4 0x6) SR: 57.14;
22.5;?;Narine to Wade, no run whoa!!! That was short and it came in to the batsman at some pace. Wade was looking to cut and he chops it very close to the stumps, lucky;
22.4;1;Narine to Bailey, 1 run flighted all the way to the batsman, on off stump, the batsman drives it with the turn to deep midwicket;
22.3;?;Narine to Bailey, no run tossed up on the pads again, worked around to short fine leg;
22.2;4lb;Narine to Bailey, 4 leg byes floated up to the batsman, but it is on the leg stump line, Bailey tries to flick but misses, it hits the pads and runs down to fine-leg boundary;
22.1;1;Narine to Wade, 1 run angles in and turns away from Wade, who cuts it to deep point off the back foot;
21.6;1;Sammy to Wade, 1 run floated up to the batsman on off stump, Wade drives it down the ground to long-off for a single;
21.5;1;Sammy to Bailey, 1 run length ball wide outside off, Bailey goes forward and runs it down to deep backward point with an open face;
21.4;1;Sammy to Wade, 1 run that flies through gully! He wanted to drive it through cover, but the ball takes an outside edge and goes safely towards third-man;
21.3;?;Sammy to Wade, no run cracked hard off the back foot, but again, the batsman finds the fielder, this time it's Pollard at point;
21.2;?;Sammy to Wade, no run length ball on off stump, the batsman comes forward and pushes it on the up to cover;
21.1;1;Sammy to Bailey, 1 run short of length on off stump, the batsman stays in the crease and drives it towards deep cover off the back foot;
20.6;?;Narine to Wade, no run tossed up on leg and middle stump line, Wade comes forward and pushes it to mid-on off the front foot;
20.5;1;Narine to Bailey, 1 run similar delivery as the last one, this time he knocks it in the gap and picks up a single at long-on;
20.4;?;Narine to Bailey, no run flighted delivery on the off stump, Bailey comes forward and pushes it to midwicket;
20.3;?;Narine to Bailey, no run turns it to short fine leg off the front foot;
20.2;1;Narine to Wade, 1 run flighted delivery on off, doesn't turn as much and Wade gets an inside edge to the leg side;
20.1;?;Narine to Wade, no run tossed up delivery outside off, squeezed out towards point, Wade sends Bailey back;
19.6;?;Bravo to Bailey, no run closer to the stumps and it's fuller in length, the batsman comes forward and drives it to cover;
19.5;?;Bravo to Bailey, no run play and a miss wide outside off! Bailey didn't need to play at that one as it was very wide outside off, the ball goes very close to the outside edge. Bravo hold his head..;
19.5;1w;Bravo to Bailey, 1 wide some swing for Bravo but it starts too wide of off;
19.4;2;Bravo to Bailey, 2 runs out of nowhere he pulls out an aerial shot. It was a full delivery on the middle stump line, and the batsman tried to go towards midwicket, gets a leading edge actually over the bowler's head;
19.3;1;Bravo to Wade, 1 run draws an edge with a delivery angling across the batsman, Wade was squared up as he tried to defend and the edge goes past first slip, down to third-man;
19.2;1;Bravo to Bailey, 1 run length ball outside off stump, the batsman comes forward and steers it to third-man for a single;
19.1;1;Bravo to Wade, 1 run fuller length on off stump, no swing on offer and Wade comfortably drives it down the ground to long-off;
18.6;?;Narine to Bailey, no run flatter delivery on off stump, turns in a bit, pushed to midwicket off the back foot;
18.5;?;Narine to Bailey, no run another inside edge on to the pads, this time falling on the off side;
18.4;1;Narine to Wade, 1 run the length is slightly shorter this time, allows the batsman to go back and punch it to deep cover;
18.3;?;Narine to Wade, no run flighted delivery on off stump, turns away from the batsman, who pulls his bat out at the last moment;
18.2;3;Narine to Bailey, 3 runs this one was quicker and he steers it past point for three;
18.1;?;Narine to Bailey, no run flight and turn into the batsman, it takes the inside edge, not to far from that close -in fielder on the leg side;
17.6;1;Bravo to Bailey, 1 run full and almost around the wide-marker, Bailey bends his knees and drives it to deep cover;
17.5;?;Bravo to Bailey, no run slightly slower wide outside off, the batsman has to stretch and plays it away from his body towards point;
17.4;?;Bravo to Bailey, no run length ball on off, Bailey doesn't really come forward and the ball takes an inside edge and hits his pads;
17.3;?;Bravo to Bailey, no run length ball on off stump, he comes forward and drives it back to the bowler;
17.2;?;Bravo to Bailey, no run length delivery outside off, he pushes at it and the bat rotates in his hand, the ball goes towards cover;
17.1;1;Bravo to Wade, 1 run fuller length on off and middle, driven past midwicket but only goes as far as wide mid on;
16.6;?;Narine to Bailey, no run flatter and quicker on off stump, tucked away towards midwicket off the back foot;
16.5;1;Narine to Wade, 1 run gets a short one outside off that is turning away, he cuts it to deep point;
16.4;?;Narine to Wade, no run he comes forward and defends the flighted delivery to the off side;
16.3;1;Narine to Bailey, 1 run he shuffles across outside off and works it on the on side towards short fine;
16.2;?;Narine to Bailey, no run pushes it through outside off, defended off the back foot;
16.1;?;Narine to Bailey, no run turns in to the batsman, and hits the batsman high on the pads;
15.6;?;Bravo to Wade, no run length ball on off stump, angling in to the batsman, turned to midwicket off the front foot;
15.5;?;Bravo to Wade, no run fuller length on off stump, Wade aims towards the leg side this time, drives it straight to mid-on;
15.4;1;Bravo to Bailey, 1 run stays on the back foot and cuts the length delivery outside off to third man;
15.3;2;Bravo to Bailey, 2 runs oh my god! That was almost wicket no. 5. It was a full length delivery on off stump and Bailey went for a full-blooded drive, he gets an inside edge that just runs past the leg stump, very lucky;
15.2;?;Bravo to Bailey, no run full delivery on off stump, driven back to the left of the bowler, who makes a good stop;
15.1;1;Bravo to Wade, 1 run full delivery outside off, Wade comes forward to drive but can't beat the fielder at mid-off;
14.6;?;Narine to Bailey, no run he goes back to turn it to the leg side, but gets and inside edge on to the pads;
14.5;?;Narine to Bailey, no run flat and quick, turns in, turned towards short-leg fielder;
14.4;1;Narine to Wade, 1 run goes back and punches this one to the cover for a single;
14.3;?;Narine to Wade, no run flatter delivery, spins a touch, defended off the back foot;
14.2;?;Narine to Wade, no run flighted on middle and off, the batsman comes forward and defends;
14.1;?;Narine to Wade, no run quicker on the middle stump line, tucked away towards short fine;
13.6;?;Bravo to Bailey, no run length ball wide of off stump, the batsman watches it go through to the keeper;
13.5;1;Bravo to Wade, 1 run length ball on off stump, Wade comes forward and opens the face to run the ball towards point;
13.5;1w;Bravo to Wade, 1 wide way down the leg side, exercise for the Umpire;
13.4;?;Bravo to Wade, no run length ball on off stump, Wade comes forward and defends it to the off side;
13.3;?;Bravo to Wade, no run full and wide outside off, left alone easily;
13.2;4;Bravo to Wade, FOUR runs gets off the mark with a super straight drive. Bravo bowled it full in search of swing which wasn't there, Wade comes forward and drives it all the way down the ground;
13.1;W;Bravo to Clarke, OUT Timber!!!! full delivery on the middle stump, a bit quicker from Bravo and Clarke looks to flick it through the leg side, but misses the ball completely and hears the clatter of the stumps behind him. That is a huge huge wicket.;Michael Clarke b DJ Bravo 16 (28m 19b 4x4 0x6) SR: 84.21;
12.6;?;Sammy to Bailey, no run length ball a touch outside off, left alone easily;
12.5;?;Sammy to Bailey, no run length ball wide outside off, Clarke comes forward and lets it go;
12.4;W;Sammy to Hughes, OUT caught at midwicket! Oh no! There goes another one to a shot he would have thought was going towards the boundary. It was a hit-me delivery, short of length on the body, and Hughes goes for a pull. He had all the time at Sammy's pace, but he neither places it on the ground, or high up in the air, hits it straight to Darren Bravo at midwicket.;Phillip Hughes c DM Bravo b Sammy 21 (37m 22b 2x4 1x6) SR: 95.45;
12.3;?;Sammy to Hughes, no run length ball on off stump, he comes forward and defends it towards cover;
12.2;?;Sammy to Hughes, no run back of length on off stump, defended toward the off side off the back foot;
12.1;4;Sammy to Hughes, FOUR runs more driving through the off side, this time it is Hughes who plays a mirror image shot of what Clarke played previous ball, beats the man at deep cover easily;
11.6;4;Bravo to Clarke, FOUR runs gets a full delivery outside off and he drives it handsomely through extra cover, that races along on the turf, the fielder at deep cover had no chance;
11.5;?;Bravo to Clarke, no run length ball wide of off, Clarke comes forward and drives it away from the body, straight to point;
11.4;?;Bravo to Clarke, no run length ball on off stump, Clarke comes forward and lets it go;
11.3;?;Bravo to Clarke, no run he bowls a yorker on off stump, punched towards mid-on;
11.2;?;Bravo to Clarke, no run 126ks, length ball outside off, angling in from wide off the crease, left alone;
11.1;1;Bravo to Hughes, 1 run he floats it wide and full outside off, it would have been a wide, but Hughes throws his bat at it and it goes in the air through cover point down to the fielder in the deep;
10.6;4;Sammy to Clarke, FOUR runs oh nice! He comes forward, and with Sammy's pace, he has enough time to place that drive to the right of the widish mid-off fielder, beautifully driven;
10.5;?;Sammy to Clarke, no run and he keeps it there, wide of off, Clarke comes forward and lets it go;
10.4;?;Sammy to Clarke, no run keeps it on a length wide of off, the batsman has to stretch out to defend that;
10.3;?;Sammy to Clarke, no run fuller length outside off, Clarke comes comfortably forward and drives it on the up to mid-off;
10.2;4;Sammy to Clarke, FOUR runs bit of width outside off and Clarke places it beautifully through cover point, no power only timing in that one, it just races to the boundary;
10.1;?;Sammy to Clarke, no run 120 ks, gentle length delivery on off stump to start off, pushed to cover off the back foot;
9.6;?;Holder to Hughes, no run leaves the length ball wide outside off without much problem;
9.5;6;Holder to Hughes, SIX runs oh wooow! Super timing and it made a good sound as well. It was just short of length and he quickly went for the pull, it goes flat and over the square leg boundary;
9.4;2;Holder to Hughes, 2 runs back of length on off stump, he goes back and punches it through cover point for a couple;
9.3;?;Holder to Hughes, no run this time he leaves it alone as it is still wide of off stump;
9.2;?;Holder to Hughes, no run short of length delivery beats the outside edge. Hughes stays in the crease as he tries to defend that and doesn't cover the line of the ball;
9.1;?;Holder to Hughes, no run keeps it on a length wide of off, no problems for Hughes in letting that one go;
9.1;1w;Holder to Hughes, 1 wide bowls it full and wide of off, called a wide;
8.6;?;Roach to Clarke, no run short of length outside off, bounces a touch extra and Clarke sways away from it;
8.5;4;Roach to Clarke, FOUR runs comes forward to place the ball in the gap at cover as soon as he sees the fuller length;
8.4;?;Roach to Clarke, no run 145 ks, short of length on off stump, Clarke gets up on his toes and defends to the off side;
8.3;1;Roach to Hughes, 1 run short of length outside off, Hughes goes back to cut, but gets an outside edge past gully. Holder at third-man makes a full-length diving stop;
8.2;?;Roach to Hughes, no run length ball on off stump, Hughes comes forward and defends it down the pitch;
8.1;?;Roach to Hughes, no run quick short ball, Hughes has enough time to duck under;
7.6;?;Holder to Clarke, no run fuller length a touch wide of off, Clarke comes forward and shoulders arms;
7.5;?;Holder to Clarke, no run angles in from wide off the crease, it is short of length on off stump but Clarke leaves it on the bounce;
7.4;?;Holder to Clarke, no run slightly fuller and in the channel outside off, left alone;
7.3;?;Holder to Clarke, no run short of length outside off, left alone;
7.2;W;Holder to Finch, OUT caught at cover! One handed! Another catch plucked from nowhere. Finch went back to the short of length delivery outside off and smashed it, reallly smashed it. The only thing was that he hit in the air, and Bravo pulls off a super reflex catch. he went with two hands, but only could get a hand on it as it went too quick to him;Aaron Finch c Bravo b Holder 11 (29m 22b 2x4 0x6) SR: 50;
7.1;?;Holder to Finch, no run short of length outside off, Finch cuts it straight to point;
6.6;?;Roach to Hughes, no run 146, short of length delivery on off, Hughes is pushed right back and he has to jump on his toes to defend that;
6.5;1lb;Roach to Finch, 1 leg bye 147 ks, length ball on the pads, too quick for the batsman as he goes for the flick, but gets hit on the pads;
6.4;?;Roach to Finch, no run short of length delivery on off stump, the batsman hops and defends it back down the pitch;
6.3;3;Roach to Hughes, 3 runs too full, and it comes quickly towards the batsman, Hughes jams his bat down and finds the gap at cover. It doesn't go all the way and they run back for three;
6.2;?;Roach to Hughes, no run fuller delivery outside off, going away with the angle, Hughes comes forward and leaves it alone;
6.1;?;Roach to Hughes, no run short of length delivery on off stump, Hughes shuffles across and has to get up on his toes to defend that one;
5.6;?;Holder to Finch, no run whoah! that was cut with some ferocity and Finch lets out a grunt as he hits it straight to the fielder at cover point;
5.6;1w;Holder to Finch, 1 wide full and wide outswinger, it swings past the wide marker;
5.5;?;Holder to Finch, no run short of length outside off, but instead of going for a cut he goes for the straight pull, finds the fielder at mid-on;
5.4;?;Holder to Finch, no run short of length wide of off, wobbles a bit in the air too, left alone again;
5.3;?;Holder to Finch, no run fuller length just outside off, Finch comes forward but leaves it at the last moment;
5.2;?;Holder to Finch, no run length ball on the pads, Finch turns it towards midwicket but it goes straight to the fielder;
5.1;?;Holder to Finch, no run length ball, but very wide, Finch think about going after it, but leaves it alone;
4.6;4;Roach to Hughes, FOUR runs this time he gets and edge, but it trickles down to third-man boundary. Hughes was squared up in his defence by that short of length delivery on off stump;
4.5;?;Roach to Hughes, no run 145 ks, fuller length delivery outside off nearly takes the edge, Hughes was playing the drive but that went very close to the edge;
4.4;?;Roach to Hughes, no run short of length delivery, angling across the batsman, left alone;
4.3;?;Roach to Hughes, no run he is greeted with a quick bouncer which sails over his head;
4.2;W;Roach to Khawaja, OUT caught at square leg! Oh wow! That is a double-handed ripper. It was a length ball on the middle stump and Khawaja went for a flick, he timed it really well and I thought it was heading towards the boundary, but Powell at square-leg dives full length to his right, catches the ball while in air and cuts off Uzzie's innings.;Usman Khawaja c Powell b Roach 3 (16m 14b 0x4 0x6) SR: 21.42;
4.1;?;Roach to Khawaja, no run length ball on off stump, the batsman drives it on the up but straight to extra cover;
3.6;?;Holder to Finch, no run length ball angling in, Finch comes forward and pushes it to square leg;
3.5;1;Holder to Khawaja, 1 run short of length, but it's on the pads, Uzzie Khawaja hops and tucks it down to fine leg;
3.4;?;Holder to Khawaja, no run length ball on off stump, pushed towards short midwicket off the front foot;
3.3;?;Holder to Khawaja, no run fuller length on off stump, Uzzie comes forward and defends it towards the off side;
3.2;?;Holder to Khawaja, no run fuller length delivery, the batsman comes forward and defends towards leg side;
3.1;?;Holder to Khawaja, no run a short of length ball on off, angling across the left-hander, Uzzie goes for the pull, but the extra bounce takes it past the outside edge;
2.6;?;Roach to Finch, no run fuller delivery on off and middle, angling in, driven to wide mid-on;
2.5;2;Roach to Finch, 2 runs back of length outside off, Finch cuts even though there is not much room, places it past point and third-man has to come around and field;
2.4;?;Roach to Finch, no run pulls the length back a bit, it is still on a length, defended off the front foot;
2.3;4;Roach to Finch, FOUR runs full and on the pads, Finch gets good placement with his flick, it runs down to the deep backward square leg boundary with ease;
2.2;1;Roach to Khawaja, 1 run he goes for the drive off a fuller delivery outside off, slices it towards point. The fielder doesn't stop it cleanly and it allows a single;
2.1;?;Roach to Khawaja, no run fuller ball wide outside off, left alone by the batsman;
1.6;4;Holder to Finch, FOUR runs now he dishes a short and wide delivery and Finch stays on the back foot, cuts it through point with just timing;
1.5;1;Holder to Khawaja, 1 run wristy flick through the leg side, but fine leg cuts it off. It went very close to the left of him. Would have been a certain boundary had it been hit a meter away from the fielder;
1.4;?;Holder to Khawaja, no run edged, and just drops short of the fielder at second slip. It was bowled on a length outside off and Uzzie didn't really go forward to that. Lucky there;
1.3;?;Holder to Khawaja, no run length ball on off and middle, Uzzie stays in the crease and defends it towards the leg side;
1.2;1lb;Holder to Finch, 1 leg bye length ball on the pads, he tries to flick it but misses, gets hit on the pads and the ball rolls down to fine leg;
1.1;?;Holder to Finch, no run another short delivery, but this is outside off stump and Finch goes for the pull, good stop at square leg;
1.1;1w;Holder to Finch, 1 wide short and very wide, loose start from Holder;
0.6;?;Roach to Khawaja, no run 143 ks, fuller length on off stump, Khawaja comes forward and defends it back to the bowler;
0.5;?;Roach to Khawaja, no run comes forward to the full delivery and defends towards mid-off;
0.4;1;Roach to Finch, 1 run fuller delivery on the middle stump, pushed towards mid-on and the two take off immediately. The throw hits Finch and ricochets almost all the way to the ropes;
0.3;?;Roach to Finch, no run another one from wide off the crease, slightly fuller and Finch comes forward to drive it to cover;
0.2;?;Roach to Finch, no run short of length angling in from wide off the crease, Finch leaves it alone;
0.1;?;Roach to Finch, no run full delivery on the middle first up, driven down to mid-on;

Right, Roach to start, two slips in place...
Mick: "Michael Slater just said he'd like to see Warner open with Maxwell one day. I'd pay big money for that." I would pay a lot to see Maxwell open with Djokovic.



10.50 am: West Indies have won the toss and they will field first. Darren Sammy has decided to field an unchanged XI for today's game. Could they do what Australia did to them two days back? Australia are also going with the same team.
Pavan: "The best thing about Aus batting first is that crowd atleast will have atleast 75 overs of play unlike the first match."
Ashwin Rishinaramangalam: "@ Pavan.. I think Australia getting all out for 70 was not last century. Lets hope for a good game"
"West indies all the way ! They are far superior than any other team around !" says FeroodSultan... And now that they have beefed up the bowling with the inclusion of the tall Jason Holder, I think they are just unbeatable in any format, right Ferood?
Tim: "Ferood must have been born yesterday, cos 2 days ago Mitch Starc happened."
felixon: "i wish roach could do the same what starc did in last match,he definitely can"
Rob Noah: "See, this is what happens when you introduce such an insubstantial, instantly-forgettable, insubstantial format as 20-20 to the glorious game of cricket: extremely low scores, endless cow-shots and tennis strokes a la Maxwell the other night, dwindling crowds, and desperation in trying to keep the game valid with - heaven forbid - back-to-back Ashes series."
Julius: "I still don't understand why they didn'b bowl first in the first game....Darren knows that they tend to do better chasing totals....smh....I wish them luck today though....Gayle all the way!!!"
David: "Pity WI aren't batting first. I have a spare half an hour this afternoon, and watching an entire ODI would have filled the gap nicely."
Brad: "Interesting if Australia can follow up their bowling with an emphatic statement in their batting, the area we truly need to see the most improvement in. Sure the bowling can be inconsistent but when the batting is bad its awful. Feel like Australia is becoming a copy of Pakistan. Exciting young fast bowlers with outstanding batsmen that sometimes forget to turn up"



Is it the season of low scores? Australia, New Zealand, West Indies and Pakistan have all been bowled out less than 100 in Tests/ODIs. Wonder which one is more exciting - a high-scoring one-sided match or a low-scoring one? I probably will take bowler's fun day over batsmen's on most occasions. Fast-bowling seems to have a bit of je ne sais quoi about it. I won't mind seeing another spell like Starc's or Steyn's today at Perth, but let's hope there is better contest this time. Welcome to our coverage of the second ODI. A hot and fast Perth awaits the West Indies team again...
 Innings Start
It has all ended in a bit of a haste really. The match was nicely set up by a counter-attacking stand between Powell and Dwayne Bravo - both getting half-centuries - but once Bravo was out, it opened the floodgates and the innings folded quickly. Mitchell Starc was superb again - he has two five-fors from two games now - and he was the destructor-in-chief today. The questionable application of DRS left a bit of sour taste, but then apart from two, none of West Indies' batsmen applied themselves. Australia take a 2-0 lead in the ODI series, but given the match today, the series could get closer.



George Bailey is the man of the match. Not much of a presentation ceremony here, so we can't bring the comments from the captains. But there will be stories out later from press-conferences and I for one would like to read more about the decision-making process. It's the end of our coverage here and Brydon's report is being updated. Thanks for all your comments and feedback. This is Devashish Fuloria signing off from here.. ciao ciao.



Phil: "Sorry, but totally irresponsible play by Narine. Blocking out the last two balls of the over would have sufficed... but ah no; gotta go for glory!"
gav: "This game has had everything so far; brilliant fielding from the West Indies, a smashing century from Bailey, Powell out-hitting Bravo and Pollard, a shocking DRS call, Narine hitting 4 sixes in row, and now Wade has effected a stumping!! I don't know what to believe."



38.1;W;Maxwell to Holder, OUT comes out of the pitch and drives it straight to cover. There is hesitation between the batsmen though and that costs Holder his wicket as he is inches short of the crease at the non-striker's end..;Jason Holder run out (Bailey/Maxwell) 9 (31m 28b 1x4 0x6) SR: 32.14;
37.6;1lb;Johnson to Holder, 1 leg bye short ball on the body, Holder takes a hit on his stomach as he tries to glance that;
37.5;?;Johnson to Holder, no run fuller delivery on the off and middle, driven on the up to mid-off;
37.5;1w;Johnson to Holder, 1 wide comes up with the slower bouncer, but it goes over the batsman's head. Mitchell Johnson not very happy with the call.;
37.4;?;Johnson to Holder, no run makes room and swats a short of length delivery to midwicket with the toe-end of his bat;
37.4;1w;Johnson to Holder, 1 wide short ball down the leg side, everyone appeals for something, but it was way down the leg side;
37.3;?;Johnson to Holder, no run moves way outside leg, Johnson follows him with a short ball, Holder flat bats it to mid-on;
37.2;?;Johnson to Holder, no run another shot that highlights Holder's potential. He drives this full ball beautifully but hits the stumps at the non-striker's end;
37.1;?;Johnson to Holder, no run length ball on off stump, Holder comes forward to defend, inside edges the ball to his pads;
36.6;W;Maxwell to Narine, OUT but he moves out of the crease again, and Maxwell fires it wide of off again. Narine takes long to come back to the crease, by that time, Wade has done his job.;Sunil Narine st ?Wade b Maxwell 24 (9m 6b 0x4 4x6) SR: 400;
36.5;?;Maxwell to Narine, no run fires it wide outside off, Narine has to get back in crease as soon as realises he is not going to reach it.;
36.4;6;Maxwell to Narine, SIX runs flatter delivery, makes do difference. He comes out and picks the ball of a length and goes over a leaping long-off fielder..;
36.3;6;Maxwell to Narine, SIX runs no. 3, to the same area as the previous one. Flighted, he charges down and smacks it over long-off;
36.2;6;Maxwell to Narine, SIX runs and another one, this one into the crowd beyond long-off;
36.1;6;Maxwell to Narine, SIX runs straight to the sight screen as Narine makes room and slogs it over the bowler's head for his first six;
35.6;?;Johnson to Holder, no run moves outside leg and Mitchell follows him with the short one, Holder goes for a pull but doesn't connect;
35.5;?;Johnson to Holder, no run full and fast yorker on off stump, easily dug out back down the pitch;
35.4;4;Johnson to Holder, FOUR runs soooper shot from Holder! there is some batting talent in this guy. He makes room by moving outside leg stump and carves a length delivery over extra cover for a one-bounce four;
35.3;?;Johnson to Holder, no run back of length on the middle stump, defended back to the bowler;
35.3;1w;Johnson to Holder, 1 wide a quick short ball as Holder starts moving down the leg side, but the ball goes further down the leg side and is called a wide;
35.2;?;Johnson to Holder, no run back of length on off stump, defended back to the bowler off the back foot;
35.1;?;Johnson to Holder, no run back of length on the middle stump line, defended towards the off side off the back foot;
34.6;1;Maxwell to Holder, 1 run flatter delivery on the pads, it's turned to the vacant square-leg area and the batsmen take a single;
34.5;?;Maxwell to Holder, no run full and flighted, pushed to extra cover off the front foot;
34.4;W;Maxwell to Sammy, OUT caught at long off! boom! He was not to the pitch of the delivery, but he went for the big shot nonetheless, and just scoops it over to the fielder at long-off. And just like that, Maxwell has three. What a day for him!;Daren Sammy c Faulkner b Maxwell 8 (20m 16b 1x4 0x6) SR: 50;
34.3;?;Maxwell to Sammy, no run tossed up to the batsman, defended off the front foot;
34.2;1;Maxwell to Holder, 1 run goes back and turns the flat delivery to the leg side, towards midwicket;
34.1;?;Maxwell to Holder, no run punched back to the bowler off the back foot;
33.6;?;Johnson to Sammy, no run length ball just outside off, Sammy stays out of the line and lets it go through;
33.5;?;Johnson to Sammy, no run on the off stump, Sammy gets right behind it and defends it back to the bowler;
33.4;1;Johnson to Holder, 1 run stands tall on the back foot and punches the short of length delivery outside off to deep cover;
33.3;1;Johnson to Sammy, 1 run short of length outside off, Sammy stays in the crease and pulls it to deep square leg;
33.2;?;Johnson to Sammy, no run cuts back in after pitching on short of length, hits it in the bit which is covered with some plastic.. Sammy stands tall and says he is ok.;
33.1;?;Johnson to Sammy, no run length ball going across the right-hander, goes past the outside edge as Sammy has a poke at that one;
32.6;?;Maxwell to Holder, no run spins in after pitching around middle and leg, the batsman comes forward to defend and gets hit on the thigh pad;
32.5;?;Maxwell to Holder, no run stays on the back foot and punches it to cover;
32.4;?;Maxwell to Holder, no run another flatter delivery, pushed to midwicket;
32.3;?;Maxwell to Holder, no run flatter delivery, pushed to cover off the back foot;
32.2;?;Maxwell to Holder, no run pushed through on off stump, punched back to the bowler;
32.1;?;Maxwell to Holder, no run loopy delivery outside off, driven straight to cover;
31.6;?;Starc to Sammy, no run short of length delivery on the middle and leg line, tucked to midwicket off the back foot;
31.5;?;Starc to Sammy, no run length ball outside the off stump, left alone by the batsman;
31.4;?;Starc to Sammy, no run short delivery on the body, the batsman gets under it comfortably;
31.3;1;Starc to Holder, 1 run short of length delivery on the body, goes towards backward square leg area, in the air as it was awkwardly fended off;
31.2;1;Starc to Sammy, 1 run short of length, but on the leg side, It hits the inside edge, then the thigh pad and trickles fine down the leg side. The keeper runs after it and hauls it back;
31.1;4;Starc to Sammy, FOUR runs full and wide, it's a low full-toss, Sammy rises above the drama and crunches it through cover for a boundary;
30.6;?;Maxwell to Holder, no run on the middle and leg line, defended to the leg side;
30.5;1lb;Maxwell to Sammy, 1 leg bye on the pads again, and Sammy gets hit on the pads as he tries to flick it, the ball rolls to short fine leg;
30.4;?;Maxwell to Sammy, no run pitches on middle and turns down the leg side, it hits the pads as the batsman tries to turn it to the leg side;
30.3;1;Maxwell to Holder, 1 run tossed up on off and middle, he comes forward and pushes it down to long-on;
30.2;?;Maxwell to Holder, no run bowls a full flighted delivery on off stump, it's defended down the pitch;
30.1;W;Maxwell to Pollard, OUT caught at long on! The batting is crumbling! Pollard sees the flight and launches it into the skies, but it's not quite Wankhede so the ball doesn't go for a six, it comes down close the boundary where Finch takes a good catch. The wheels are coming off, it's official;Kieron Pollard c Finch b Maxwell 1 (19m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
29.6;?;Starc to Sammy, no run short of length delivery outside off, left alone by the batsman;
29.5;2;Starc to Sammy, 2 runs fuller length a touch outside off and it's driven comfortably through the off side for runs;
29.4;W;Starc to Thomas, OUT gets a short ball on off stump which goes past the outside edge as the batsman tries to sway away.. Everyone goes up on an appeal for caught behind. the umpire shakes his head, but they call for a review.. A brute of a delivery.. Hot-spot being tested. Was there some glove on it? Not sure...hot-spot not very conclusive.. They are checking for sound cues... too long being taken here (we are into the zone where DRS starts becoming a bit of a pain).. He gives him out.. on the sound cue.. Well, I thought ..Speechless I am..;Devon Thomas c ?Wade b Starc 0 (3m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
29.3;W;Starc to Powell, OUT another yorker, this time on the off and middle stump, Powell digs it out and Mitchell Starc catches it in return. Australians appeal for lbw as the ball might have hit the pad before the bat. the umpire says not out and they ask for a review. It hits the pads first..and it was going to hit off and middle. Starc takes out Powell.;Kieran Powell lbw b Starc 83 (133m 90b 10x4 2x6) SR: 92.22;
29.2;?;Starc to Powell, no run 145k attempted yorker, it ends up being a low full-toss, but it's still too quick and goes under the bat to the keeper;
29.1;4;Starc to Powell, FOUR runs gets a full length ball wide outside off and he waits and opens the face to run it down past first slip for a boundary;
28.6;?;McKay to Pollard, no run length ball on off stump, Pollard comes solidly behind the ball and defends it towards mid-on;
28.5;1lb;McKay to Powell, 1 leg bye length ball down the leg side, Powell goes for a pull, but the ball does not bounce high enough, hits him around thigh pad and rolls towards the leg side;
28.4;?;McKay to Powell, no run short of length delivery on off stump, pushed to point off the back foot;
28.3;?;McKay to Powell, no run hits him on the pads as Powell comes forward to play the length ball on the off side, McKay lets out an appeal, but that would have gone over;
28.2;1;McKay to Pollard, 1 run back of length delivery, Pollard drops it on the leg side and calls for a quick single, Powell had to dive to get in..;
28.1;1;McKay to Powell, 1 run he gets a low full-toss outside off, drives it straight down to long-off for a single;
27.6;W;Maxwell to Bravo, OUT Maxwell gets a wicket!! It was a flatter delivery from round the wicket and Bravo went for a cute little late cut and ended up edging it to the keeper. Leaves straight away, Maxwell roars..;Dwayne Bravo c ?Wade b Maxwell 45 (83m 56b 4x4 2x6) SR: 80.35;
27.5;1;Maxwell to Powell, 1 run sweeps this one from around middle and leg to deep backward square leg for a single;
27.4;?;Maxwell to Powell, no run flighted delivery on the middle stump line, defended back to the bowler;
27.3;4;Maxwell to Powell, FOUR runs mid-on had no chance as Powell is skating at high speed. He came out and muscled it straight down the ground;
27.2;4;Maxwell to Powell, FOUR runs two steps down the pitch and he crunches it over the umpire's head for another boundary..;
27.1;?;Maxwell to Powell, no run flatter delivery outside off, Powell dabs it point off the back foot;
26.6;1;Faulkner to Powell, 1 run fuller length delivery outside off, he comes forward and eases it to deep cover to keep the strike;
26.5;4;Faulkner to Powell, FOUR runs time to put those slower balls in your closet, this one is sent over the bowler's head for the fourth boundary in this over;
26.4;4;Faulkner to Powell, FOUR runs zooper!! another leg cutter and another one hit over extra cover for a one-bounce four.. That slower one is not working in this over at all;
26.3;?;Faulkner to Powell, no run gets beaten as he tries to steer a length ball outside off down to third man;
26.2;4;Faulkner to Powell, FOUR runs similar delivery, but it's on off stump and is slightly shorter, gives enough time to Powell to rock back and smash it to deep midwicket boundary;
26.1;4;Faulkner to Powell, FOUR runs another leg-spinning slower one and Powell has had enough of it, he drives it over the fielder at short cover and the timing does the rest..;
25.6;?;Maxwell to Bravo, no run flighted on off stump line, Bravo comes forward to defend the ball down on the pitch;
25.5;2;Maxwell to Bravo, 2 runs he places the tossed up delivery on the leg side and they run two as the fielders are deep;
25.4;?;Maxwell to Bravo, no run pushed through on the middle stump line, who has to defend after he had moved out of the crease;
25.3;?;Maxwell to Bravo, no run tossed up outside off, he pushes it towards point off the front foot;
25.2;1;Maxwell to Powell, 1 run now Powell leaves the crease on a tossed up one drifting towards leg, he flicks it to deep square leg;
25.1;1;Maxwell to Bravo, 1 run immediately charges out, but doesn't get hold of the low full-toss, hits it tamely towards deep midwicket;
24.6;2;Faulkner to Powell, 2 runs Powell brings up a fifty with a soft push towards mid-off. Oh there are more runs as Wade misses a throw at this end and the batsmen take the overthrows;
24.5;?;Faulkner to Powell, no run short of length delivery on off stump, defended back down the pitch;
24.4;1;Faulkner to Bravo, 1 run he is continuously bowling those slower ones now, this one bounces from a length and hits the batsman on his thigh pad. They call for a quick single as it drops close by;
24.3;1;Faulkner to Powell, 1 run a slower ball wide outside off, Powell waits in the crease and cuts it late down to third-man for another single;
24.2;1;Faulkner to Bravo, 1 run length ball on off stump, the batsman drives it on the up down to long-off;
24.1;1;Faulkner to Powell, 1 run back of length delivery on off stump, another single down to third-man;
23.6;?;Johnson to Bravo, no run short delivery, but it wasn't as quick as Bravo expected. He went for the pull, but the ball arrives later and goes through him to the keeper;
23.5;1;Johnson to Powell, 1 run slightly slower at 128 ks, short of length delivery outside off, dabbed down to third-man for a single;
23.4;?;Johnson to Powell, no run short of length delivery across the left-hander from round the stumps, defended towards off easily off the back foot;
23.3;?;Johnson to Powell, no run length delivery on off stump, driven beautifully with a high elbow back down the pitch, Johnson does well to get down quickly and stop that one;
23.2;1;Johnson to Bravo, 1 run back of length delivery outside off stump, comes a bit slow off the surface, Bravo opens the face and runs it down to third-man;
23.1;1;Johnson to Powell, 1 run another short ball on the body, Powell goes for a hook but doesn't get much bat on it. Lucky for him as it drops short of fine-leg fielder;
22.6;?;Faulkner to Bravo, no run and another slower ball, this time on the leg-stump. Bravo is unable to get it away and gets hit on the pads;
22.5;1;Faulkner to Powell, 1 run the normal one now, 138ks, Powell stays on the back foot and cuts the short of length ball down to third-man;
22.4;?;Faulkner to Powell, no run another leg-spinner type delivery, defended from the crease towards the off side;
22.3;1;Faulkner to Bravo, 1 run bowls the slower ball again, but it's full up to the batsman and Bravo turns it towards square leg off the front foot for a single;
22.2;1;Faulkner to Powell, 1 run drives away from the body at this wid-ish length delivery outside, slices it down to third man;
22.1;?;Faulkner to Powell, no run 114 ks, it's a slow leg-cutter outside off and goes past the outside edge;
22.1;1w;Faulkner to Powell, 1 wide short of length delivery goes down the leg side, Paul Reiffel, the umpire, stretches his wings..;
21.6;1;Johnson to Powell, 1 run another short ball, but it gets high up around the chest area, fended towards backward square leg for a single;
21.5;?;Johnson to Powell, no run short delivery on the body, Powell has to jump up as he defends that down the pitch;
21.4;6;Johnson to Powell, SIX runs booooom! length ball on off stump, now Powell takes his front leg out and gives a massive swing, and sends it over the long-on boundary for a six out of nowhere.. I thought Bravo was the one playing those shots;
21.3;?;Johnson to Powell, no run a quick short ball aimed very well on the body, right around the throat. There is no way getting away from those ones. Powell does well to drop it down to the off side;
21.2;1;Johnson to Bravo, 1 run back of length on the middle stump line, Bravo hops and punches it to deep midwicket for a single;
21.1;?;Johnson to Bravo, no run short of length delivery on off stump, defended solidly off the back foot;
20.6;1;Faulkner to Bravo, 1 run back of length delivery, angling across Bravo. He waits and opens the face to run it down to third-man;
20.5;1;Faulkner to Powell, 1 run stays on the back foot and dabs it to the right of the point fielder for a single;
20.4;?;Faulkner to Powell, no run and gets beaten again, this time on the front foot, as the ball swings past the blade;
20.3;?;Faulkner to Powell, no run gets beaten outside off to this one which is closer to off, plays way inside the line of the ball;
20.2;2;Faulkner to Powell, 2 runs length and wide of off, Powell drives it away from the body, but with some confidence and flourish, the ball is stopped by a diving Finch at extra cover boundary;
20.1;?;Faulkner to Powell, no run length delivery on off stump, Powell dabs it towards point but straight to the fielder;
19.6;?;Starc to Bravo, no run length ball on off stump, solidly defended off the back foot by Bravo;
19.5;1;Starc to Powell, 1 run 147k, full and swinging delivery on off stump, punched firmly to the right of mid-on for a single;
19.4;1;Starc to Bravo, 1 run it is short of length, but it is down the leg side too, Bravo hops and flicks it off his hips towards fine leg;
19.3;3;Starc to Powell, 3 runs length ball on the pads, Powell swats it to deep square leg and brings up the team's hundred;
19.2;?;Starc to Powell, no run length ball on the middle stump line, 145 ks, pushed to midwicket off the back foot;
19.1;1lb;Starc to Bravo, 1 leg bye he bowls it full on the pads, Bravo is not able to flick it properly as he fall over to the off side, gets a single to backward square leg though;
18.6;?;Maxwell to Powell, no run spin and bounce outside off, he tossed this one a bit wide of off, Powell came forward but gets beaten;
18.5;4;Maxwell to Powell, FOUR runs bowls filth down the leg side and it is swept hard to the fine-leg boundary;
18.4;1;Maxwell to Bravo, 1 run flighted on off and middle, Bravo comes forward and drives it down to long-on for a single;
18.3;1;Maxwell to Powell, 1 run flighted on off, Powell drops it towards off side and steals another quick single;
18.2;1;Maxwell to Bravo, 1 run he pushes the tossed up delivery towards point and takes off for a quick single;
18.1;6;Maxwell to Bravo, SIX runs Oh my!! How good is that one! It was a flatter delivery on off stump and he just lifted it up over extra cover, it goes all the way over and deep into the stands.;
17.6;?;Starc to Powell, no run 146 ks, comes into the left hander slightly from a length, punched back towards the bowler;
17.5;?;Starc to Powell, no run quick shorter delivery outside the line of off stump, Powell moves out of the way and looks at the leg umpire, who says it's fine..;
17.4;?;Starc to Powell, no run full delivery on the middle stump, driven firmly to mid-on;
17.3;?;Starc to Powell, no run he takes his front leg out to play the full length delivery, gets and inside edge and Wade dives to his right to stop the runs;
17.2;1lb;Starc to Bravo, 1 leg bye was that off the bat! short of a length delivery, Bravo gets something on it to the leg side, Wade dives and makes a good stop and fires a throw at the non-striker's.. could have been very close;
17.2;1w;Starc to Bravo, 1 wide 141ks bouncer on the body, but it sails way over the batsman and is called a wide;
17.1;?;Starc to Bravo, no run back of length delivery on the middle stump line, Bravo gets up on his toes and defends it solidly back to the bowler;
16.6;?;Maxwell to Powell, no run tossed up delivery on off stump, Powell leans forward and defends;
16.5;4;Maxwell to Powell, FOUR runs and another one by Powell, the difference is that this time he hits it in the air...;
16.4;4;Maxwell to Powell, FOUR runs sees the flight and he gets down on his knee and hammers it to deep midwicket boundary;
16.3;1;Maxwell to Bravo, 1 run comes down the pitch but ends up flicking towards short fine as the ball spun;
16.2;?;Maxwell to Bravo, no run flighted delivery on off, he comes forward and pushes it to cover;
16.1;1;Maxwell to Powell, 1 run flights on the middle and he is driven down the ground to long-off, Maxwell collides with Bravo as he dives..;
15.6;?;Johnson to Bravo, no run 147 k snorter! It was on short of length and takes off like a rocket from the pitch. Bravo does well to arch back to get out the way;
15.5;?;Johnson to Bravo, no run 146 k bouncer on the body, Bravo gets under it. There is a deep square leg in place for a pull.;
15.4;?;Johnson to Bravo, no run slightly slower delivery, 132 ks, on a length on off stump, Bravo gets behind it and defends;
15.3;4;Johnson to Bravo, FOUR runs he sees it in his half and he goes after it, this time it's over mid-on ..;
15.2;?;Johnson to Bravo, no run short of length going across Bravo, left alone;
15.1;4;Johnson to Bravo, FOUR runs and he keeps going over the infield. Slightly full on off and he Bravo gets under is and slams it to the extra-cover boundary;
14.6;1;McKay to Bravo, 1 run the bowler now pulls the length back, it is dabbed towards third-man off the back foot;
14.5;4;McKay to Bravo, FOUR runs and more runs, he tries to go off side, but ends up going past mid-on as the bat turns in his hands..;
14.4;6;McKay to Bravo, SIX runs super timing by Bravo, the ball was full and he just lifts it and sends it into the stands over long-off;
14.3;2;McKay to Bravo, 2 runs oh sweet! just for a couple though. Slightly short of length and Bravo goes for a pull, he gets it high, but not much distance on that as it drops over the midwicket fielder;
14.2;?;McKay to Bravo, no run full delivery outside off, Bravo drives it hard straight down the ground, but it goes to mid-off;
14.1;?;McKay to Bravo, no run length ball on off stump, Bravo shoulders arms;
13.6;?;Johnson to Powell, no run quick bouncer outside off this time, Powell easily ducks under it;
13.5;?;Johnson to Powell, no run 148 ks, length ball on off stump, Powell stays behind the line and defends it back to the bowler;
13.4;2;Johnson to Powell, 2 runs goes for an aerial shot but doesn't really get much timing behind that one. It was a fuller delivery on off and he ends up chipping it over wide mid-on for a couple;
13.3;?;Johnson to Powell, no run this one is closer to the line of off stump, Powell goes back and across and defends it solidly back to the bowler;
13.2;?;Johnson to Powell, no run i spoke too soon, this one goes past the outside edge as Powell doesn't move his feet at all to this length delivery outside off, he hangs his bat tamely at that one;
13.1;?;Johnson to Powell, no run 145 ks, back of length outside off, Powell has looked solid today and he defends this comfortably off the back foot to the off side;
12.6;?;McKay to Bravo, no run lures him with a fuller one outside off, Bravo doesn't take the bait, leaves alone;
12.5;?;McKay to Bravo, no run stays patient, leaves one more outside off;
12.4;?;McKay to Bravo, no run quick back of a length delivery outside off, left alone easily;
12.3;?;McKay to Bravo, no run pulls the length backa bit, it is defended off the back foot;
12.2;4;McKay to Bravo, FOUR runs crunched over cover stylishly off a length ball, it goes one bounce to the boundary and looks pretty too.;
12.1;?;McKay to Bravo, no run back of length in the channel outside off, goes straight on, Bravo keeps his bat out of the line of the ball;
11.6;1;Johnson to Bravo, 1 run back of length on the middle stump line, Bravo hops and tucks it off his hips down to fine leg;
11.5;?;Johnson to Bravo, no run length ball on off stump, Bravo gets solidly behind it and defends;
11.4;4lb;Johnson to Bravo, 4 leg byes he gets one on the pads, and it swings a touch into the batsman too, hits the pads and rolls down to the fine-leg boundary;
11.3;?;Johnson to Bravo, no run another one across the right-hander, but Bravo goes for a square drive, playing at this one away from the body, straight to point though;
11.2;?;Johnson to Bravo, no run angles across the right hander, but it's a touch wide outside off, Dwayne keeps his bat behind his head;
11.1;?;Johnson to Bravo, no run back of length on off stump, defended towards the leg side;
10.6;?;Faulkner to Powell, no run drives it in the air towards cover, and it was just to the left of the fielder at short-ish cover, goes to extra cover on the bounce;
10.5;?;Faulkner to Powell, no run length ball on off stump, he comes forward and drives it hard but straight to cover;
10.4;6;Faulkner to Powell, SIX runs wow! He flicks it in front of square as nonchalantly as you like. It was a full length delivery and he just chipped it, it goes all the way;
10.3;?;Faulkner to Powell, no run short and wide outside off, Powell goes for a cut shot and misses, the ball goes past the outside edges;
10.2;?;Faulkner to Powell, no run keeps it very tight around off stump, defended off the back foot towards off;
10.1;?;Faulkner to Powell, no run hits the thigh pad after pitching around middle stump line on a short of length as Powell looked to turn it to leg side;
9.6;?;Johnson to Bravo, no run 147 ks, back of length delivery on off stump, Bravo hops on his toes to defend that to the leg side;
9.5;?;Johnson to Bravo, no run 146 k quick bouncer on the body, Bravo ducks under it awkwardly;
9.4;1;Johnson to Powell, 1 run comedy, he misfields this time and gives away a single. It was just a push in Uzzie's direction, no high-fives this time.;
9.3;?;Johnson to Powell, no run brute of a shot! and Uzzie makes a diving save to cut it off. Powell crunched it to covers with some power, but Khawaja stops a certain boundary;
9.2;?;Johnson to Powell, no run length ball on off stump line, 144 ks, Powell comes forward and defends it towards point;
9.1;?;Johnson to Powell, no run 142 ks, short of length delivery outside off, left alone by the batsman;
8.6;?;Faulkner to Bravo, no run another one that goes across the right-hander, this time Dwayne goes forward and gets his bat out of the way;
8.5;?;Faulkner to Bravo, no run goes past the outside edge and Dwayne doesn't cover the line of the ball in his forward defence;
8.4;?;Faulkner to Bravo, no run plays away from his body at this short and wide delivery outside off, pushes it to point;
8.3;?;Faulkner to Bravo, no run length ball on off stump, Dwayne gets squared up a bit as he defends this to the off side;
8.2;?;Faulkner to Bravo, no run length ball bowled across the right-hander, he stays in the crease and shoulders arms;
8.1;1;Faulkner to Powell, 1 run back of length on off stump, the batsman waits and opens the face of the bat at the last moment;
7.6;W;Starc to Bravo, OUT and the nostalgic picture is torn apart by a full delivery from Starc! He had been bowling a slightly shorter length this over, and now he pushes it full and on the stumps and Lara is late to bring his bat down, that was hitting middle of middle. Bravo reviews in hope, but that was out even to a blind eye...;Darren Bravo lbw b Starc 14 (26m 20b 3x4 0x6) SR: 70;
7.5;?;Starc to Bravo, no run quick short delivery on the body, he ducks under it in time..;
7.4;?;Starc to Bravo, no run back of length on off stump, pushed toward point off the front foot;
7.3;4;Starc to Bravo, FOUR runs oh how gorgeous is that!! Length ball, not much swing outside off, he takes a step forward drives it though square all along the ground..;
7.2;?;Starc to Bravo, no run full on the pads, he flicks it beautifully, but it goes straight to square leg;
7.1;4;Starc to Bravo, FOUR runs short and wide, beautifully cracked over point, brings back some nostalgia ..;
7.1;1w;Starc to Bravo, 1 wide he goes down the leg side again, it's called a wide;
6.6;2;Faulkner to Powell, 2 runs woaa.. A nothing shot from Powell, he stays in the crease and tries to pull a length delivery over mid-on, the leading edge takes it just over mid-off;
6.5;?;Faulkner to Powell, no run length ball outside off, he takes a step forward and pushes it towards the off side;
6.4;?;Faulkner to Powell, no run he does it again, Powell goes for a drive without getting anywhere close to the ball, gets beaten;
6.3;?;Faulkner to Powell, no run he pulls the length back a little, Powell gets up on his toes and tucks it towards midwicket;
6.2;?;Faulkner to Powell, no run fuller length on off stump, the batsman drives it powerfully, but straight to mid-off;
6.1;?;Faulkner to Powell, no run back of length on off stump line, the batsman stays on the back foot and defends;
5.6;?;Starc to Bravo, no run short of length outside off, Bravo watches it carefully and sways out of line;
5.5;?;Starc to Bravo, no run beautifully times it off his legs, but straight to square leg fielder.;
5.4;?;Starc to Bravo, no run 143ks, short of length delivery on off and middle, Bravo hops and defends it to the leg side;
5.3;1;Starc to Powell, 1 run pushes it up to the batsman and gives him width too, Powell goes for a driven without moving his feet and inside-edges it towards the leg side;
5.2;?;Starc to Powell, no run fuller length outside off, Powell stays in the crease and defends it back to the bowler;
5.2;1w;Starc to Powell, 1 wide loses direction as he pushes it down the leg side;
5.1;?;Starc to Powell, no run back of length a touch outside off, Powell goes back and wanted to defend towards off, but the ball takes an inside edge to the leg side;
4.6;4;McKay to Bravo, FOUR runs crack! he stays on the back foot and gives the short of length delivery on off a good thwack, it races past point;
4.5;2;McKay to Bravo, 2 runs short of length on the middle stump, tucked away to deep backward square leg off the back foot;
4.4;?;McKay to Bravo, no run Oiii! Full and angled across the batsman and Powell decides to go for an expansive drive, misses as the ball goes past the outside edge;
4.3;?;McKay to Bravo, no run fuller length ball on off, Powell comes right forward and defends it solidly to the off side;
4.2;?;McKay to Bravo, no run back of length on off stump, pushed towards point off the back foot;
4.1;?;McKay to Bravo, no run now he brings it back around off stump, the angle takes the ball away from the left-hander and beats the outside edge;
4.1;1w;McKay to Bravo, 1 wide this time it is wide on the other side, McKay pushes it wide of off;
4.1;1w;McKay to Bravo, 1 wide this one is too far down the leg side;
3.6;?;Starc to Powell, no run he goes down the leg side, but the batsman is unable to get it away, it hits the pads on its way to the keeper;
3.5;?;Starc to Powell, no run slightly fuller outside off, swings away from the batsman, who stays patient and shoulders arms;
3.4;?;Starc to Powell, no run keeps it tight in the channel, 146 ks, slight wobble away from the batsman, the batsman lets it go;
3.3;?;Starc to Powell, no run angles into the batsman from wide off the crease, not much swing and the batsman defends it off the back foot;
3.2;?;Starc to Powell, no run back of length outside off, 145 ks, doesn't swing much this one, left alone by the batsman;
3.1;?;Starc to Powell, no run full and swinging away from the left hander, it was slightly outside off too, left alone;
2.6;?;McKay to Bravo, no run back of length outside off, angled away from the left-hander, left alone;
2.5;?;McKay to Bravo, no run fuller length on off stump, he comes forward and pushes it to cover;
2.4;?;McKay to Bravo, no run back of length on off stump, defended down the pitch off the back foot;
2.3;?;McKay to Bravo, no run back of length on the middle and leg line, Lara tucks it to square leg off the back foot;
2.2;?;McKay to Bravo, no run it's on a length outside off and it carries on with the angle, left alone easily;
2.1;1;McKay to Powell, 1 run back of length of off stump, Powell stays on the back foot and steers it down to third man;
2.1;1w;McKay to Powell, 1 wide length ball wide outside off, easily left alone and it's rightly callled a wide;
1.6;W;Starc to Sarwan, OUT it is a gonner! He thought that the over had finished, but it hadn't. The ball is a perfect left-armer's delivery, pitches on length on the middle stump line, and curves back in. Sarwan had taken a step forward but wasn't able to take his foot out of the way, stuck in front and he was dead the moment he missed it..;Ramnaresh Sarwan lbw b Starc 0 (2m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
1.5;?;Starc to Sarwan, no run length ball on off, doesn't swing much into the batsman, Sarwan takes a positive stride and pushes it to the off side;
1.4;W;Starc to Gayle, OUT that's it! It's all over, Gayle talks to Powell and thinks about a review, Powell says no chance. It was full and swinging away, it pitched around off and Gayle was hit right in front as he got squared-up a bit. Starc strikes in his first over..;Chris Gayle lbw b Starc 4 (7m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 57.14;
1.3;2;Starc to Gayle, 2 runs fuller length on the off and middle, turned away to deep backward square leg;
1.2;?;Starc to Gayle, no run full and on the pads, 142 ks, Gayle jams his bat down and pushes it towards midwicket;
1.1;?;Starc to Gayle, no run 142ks, that kicks from a short of length and leaves the batsman too, Gayle was surprised and moved out of the way just in time;
1.1;1w;Starc to Gayle, 1 wide bowls it full, but it's down the leg side and is called a wide. It wasn't far from leg stump though as Gayle had moved across;
0.6;1;McKay to Gayle, 1 run back of length on off stump, Gayle stands tall and pushes it to the right of mid-off for a single;
0.5;1;McKay to Powell, 1 run pushes it further up to the batsman who comes half-forward to drive and edges it through gully for a single;
0.4;?;McKay to Powell, no run now beats him outside off with one which carries on with the angle, Powell stayed rooted in the crease;
0.3;4lb;McKay to Powell, 4 leg byes full and swinging, but it's down the leg side and it flicks the pads on its way to the fine-leg boundary;
0.2;1;McKay to Gayle, 1 run length ball outside off, just a push to wide mid-off gets Gayle his first runs;
0.1;?;McKay to Gayle, no run short of length delivery going across Gayle, left alone easily;

West Indies' chase is about to start and they need to just look at their women's scorecard to draw some inspiration. But we saw in the last innings, the batsmen need to take their time. There are runs to be had, but they need to be patient.
Laurie: "Hold on a minute, Aussie fans. Great knock from Bailey, but this looks like an excellent batting wicket supplemented by a very quick outfield. They need early wickets to keep the run rate down, and I'm not sure they have the strike power if Starc once again demonstrates his inconsistency."
 Innings Start
Australia
West Indies
2nd ODI (D/N), Perth, Feb 3 2013, West Indies tour of Australia
266/7
212
Player of the match is George Bailey, AUS
Australia won by 54 runs
