Data
Some shocking news coming through. Bob Woolmer was apparently found unconscious in the hotel room. ""We have taken Bob Woolmer to the hospital and he is in the emergency ward. We don't know anything more at the moment," Pakistan team media manager Pervez Mir told AFP.Sky Sports reported that Woolmer was found at 1045 local time (1545GMT) on the floor of his hotel room unconscious and with signs of vomiting. An ambulance took him to the Kingston University Hospital.
It has been a slaughter and Australia have ended up with a huge 358. Join us in a while to catch up with the Netherlands chase.
49.6;6;Borren to Watson, SIX runs Watto finishes the innings off in style. Another Dutch full-toss, another brutal Aussie swing, again the cow corner has been peppered.;
49.5;1;Borren to Clarke, 1 run Clarke attempts another massive heave, not much wood on leather and he will have to be contend with just a single. Over to Watson.;
49.4;6;Borren to Clarke, SIX runs Another almighty swing and it has been deposited on the top of the roof! A low full toss and he biffed it over the cow corner. The cows are getting really bruised today.;
49.3;6;Borren to Clarke, SIX runs Yes he does! For his second six of the day. Charges down the track and lofts a fullish delivery over long-on.;
49.2;1;Borren to Watson, 1 run on the leg and middle, driven to long-on for a single. Clarke on strike now. Will he go another big hit?;
49.1;4;Borren to Watson, FOUR runs Watson imposes himself on the proceedings with a clean drive down the ground.;
48.6;6;Ryan ten Doeschate to Clarke, SIX runs Clarke sends our friend Warren a reminder:-) He slaps a length-delivery on the stumps over deep midwicket for his first six of the day. Hodge had 7.;
48.5;1;Ryan ten Doeschate to Watson, 1 run full-pitched on the off stump, driven to long-off;
48.5;2w;Ryan ten Doeschate to Clarke, 2 wide Wide down the leg side. Deflected by the 'keeper;
48.4;W;Ryan ten Doeschate to Hussey, OUT Hussey goes. He smashes a fullish delivery to long-on but couldn't clear the man at the deep. He had to go for it, just one more over left.;Michael Hussey c sub (Mohammad Kashif) b ten Doeschate 2 (4m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
48.3;1;Ryan ten Doeschate to Clarke, 1 run;
48.2;1;Ryan ten Doeschate to Hussey, 1 run short of length, outside off stump, cut to deep point.;
48.1;1;Ryan ten Doeschate to Clarke, 1 run slips down the leg side, Clarke tries to swing it away , misses and the ball runs off the pads to the off side;
23.6;?;de Leede to Hodge, no run lands on a length, just outside off, guided to backward point;
23.5;1;de Leede to Clarke, 1 run full , in the channel outside off, driven to mid-off;
23.4;1;de Leede to Hodge, 1 run fullish, on the middle, driven to mid-on;
23.3;4;de Leede to Hodge, FOUR runs short of length, outside off and cut past point. Fiesty shot.;
23.2;1lb;de Leede to Clarke, 1 leg bye huge shout for lbw. Full-pitched, just outside off stump, comes back in and beats the intended drive and raps him on the front pad. But point of impact was outside off stump.;
23.1;3;de Leede to Hodge, 3 runs slow off cutter on the off and middle, lapped past midwicket and they run hard to get three;
22.6;4;Ryan ten Doeschate to Clarke, FOUR runs classy off drive. Full-pitched outside off and he leant on to his drive. Placed it to left of mid-off. Purrfectly done.;
22.6;1w;Ryan ten Doeschate to Clarke, 1 wide another wide down the leg side;
22.5;1lb;Ryan ten Doeschate to Hodge, 1 leg bye shout for lbw but going down. It landed on a length, on the middle stump line, veered towards leg, and rapped Hodge on the pad.;
22.4;?;Ryan ten Doeschate to Hodge, no run full in length, driven back to the bowler;
22.3;1;Ryan ten Doeschate to Clarke, 1 run fullish, on the leg and middle, whipped to deep midwicket;
22.2;?;Ryan ten Doeschate to Clarke, no run full and on the middle and leg, turned to midwicket;
22.2;2w;Ryan ten Doeschate to Hodge, 2 wide slips down the leg side, 'keeper, standing up to the stumps, palms it away to fine leg;
22.1;?;Ryan ten Doeschate to Hodge, no run beaten! probing delivery, outside off stump, hint of movement away and Hodge is sucked into a near-fatal drive.;
47.6;1;Borren to Clarke, 1 run Clarke charges down the track and hits through the line of a length-delivery, down to long-on;
47.5;1;Borren to Hussey, 1 run length-delivery on the off stump, punched through the line to long off;
47.4;?;Borren to Hussey, no run;
47.3;W;Borren to Hodge, OUT Hodge falls. What a knock it has been. A real blitz. The end came as he tried to go for another big one. A fullish delivery, on the off and middle stump line and Hodge shapes to swing it away, misses it completely and is cleaned up.;Brad Hodge b Borren 123 (108m 89b 8x4 7x6) SR: 138.2;
47.2;6;Borren to Hodge, SIX runs Imperious. He walks down the track, ala Hayden, and swings a length-delivery over deep midwicket. The 'roo doll must be up in the clouds.;
47.1;1lb;Borren to Clarke, 1 leg bye Huge huge shout for lbw as Clarke misses a low full-toss while trying to lap it to on side. Struck just outside the off stump and hence he survives.;
46.6;1lb;Ryan ten Doeschate to Clarke, 1 leg bye on the leg and middle stump line, heaved away to long leg;
46.5;?;Ryan ten Doeschate to Clarke, no run Full-pitched on the middle and leg, driven back to the bowler;
46.4;1;Ryan ten Doeschate to Hodge, 1 run back to swiping. Fetches a delivery from outside off and sends it past midwicket;
46.3;4;Ryan ten Doeschate to Hodge, FOUR runs Non-violence follows violence. Same result though. Low full toss on the middle and leg stump line, and Hodge just flicked it away. Caressed it away to long leg boundary;
46.2;4;Ryan ten Doeschate to Hodge, FOUR runs Nails another boundary. Another length-delivery has been imperiously dismissed over midwicket.;
46.1;1;Ryan ten Doeschate to Clarke, 1 run Fullish, on the middle stump line, drilled to long--on;
45.6;6;Borren to Hodge, SIX runs Wow! This one has disappeared over long-on. The assault is getting ferocious minute by minute. A fullish delivery outside off stump was swung over long-on.;
45.5;2;Borren to Hodge, 2 runs Bosh! Took his left leg out of the line and swung a length-delivery to deep midwicket.;
45.4;2;Borren to Hodge, 2 runs Gets to his maiden ODI ton. Well done Hodge. Reached the landmark with a drive to wide long-off;
45.3;1;Borren to Clarke, 1 run Clarke gets Hodge back on strike - he is on 98, with a nudge to backward point;
45.2;1;Borren to Hodge, 1 run corrects the line, gets it outside off and is driven to long-off;
45.1;2;Borren to Hodge, 2 runs on the middle and leg stump line, swung to long leg;
44.6;1;Reekers to Hodge, 1 run;
44.5;6;Reekers to Hodge, SIX runs The cow corner is being peppered here. Another swing and up she went in the air, the fielder tries to get a hand and ends up palming it over the ropes.;
44.4;1;Reekers to Clarke, 1 run full and outside off, Clarke goes down on a bent knee, square-drives it to deep point;
44.3;1;Reekers to Hodge, 1 run rotates the strike with a single to midwicket;
44.2;6;Reekers to Hodge, SIX runs Clean as a whistle! Flies over the Cow Corner. Took his left leg outside the line and hoicked it up and over.;
44.1;1;Reekers to Clarke, 1 run gentle seam-up delivery on the off stump line, driven to long-off.;
21.6;1;de Leede to Hodge, 1 run back of length, just outside off stump, guided to third man region;
21.5;?;de Leede to Hodge, no run on the middle and leg, worked to square-leg;
21.4;?;de Leede to Hodge, no run on the off and middle stump line, Hodge was a trifle early into his drive and it goes in the air but falls short of the bowler;
21.3;1;de Leede to Clarke, 1 run full in length, lands just outside off, comes in a touch, pushed towards mid-on and Clarke sets off for a run;
21.2;1;de Leede to Hodge, 1 run length-delivery, just outside off stump, run down to third man;
21.1;?;de Leede to Hodge, no run slower one again. Defended off the front foot.;
20.6;?;Ryan ten Doeschate to Clarke, no run another one, almost at the blockhole, on the off stump line, jabbed away down the track. A fine over comes to an end.;
20.5;?;Ryan ten Doeschate to Clarke, no run yorker! on the middle stump line, dug out back to the bowler;
20.4;?;Ryan ten Doeschate to Clarke, no run another low full toss, on the middle stump, Clarke doesn't hit it straight back like Ponting, whips it towards mid-on;
20.3;2;Ryan ten Doeschate to Clarke, 2 runs again worked through the backward square-leg area;
20.2;1;Ryan ten Doeschate to Hodge, 1 run on the middle and leg, worked to backward square-leg;
20.1;W;Ryan ten Doeschate to Ponting, OUT Wow what a fantastic catch by ten Doeschate! Ponting smashes a low full toss, low to the right of the bowler, who swoops down in a hurry to take the catch. Fab effort.;Ricky Ponting c & b ten Doeschate 23 (33m 22b 4x4 1x6) SR: 104.54;
19.6;?;de Leede to Clarke, no run full in length, on the middle stump line, worked to midwicket;
19.5;?;de Leede to Clarke, no run leans forward, defends down the track;
19.4;W;de Leede to Gilchrist, OUT Gilchrist is back into the hutch! Full in length, on the middle and leg stump line, driven uppishly straight to mid-on who makes no mistake. He holds on to it and only then throws the ball up in the air, unlike the earlier let off to Ponting.;Adam Gilchrist c van Troost b de Leede 57 (80m 64b 11x4 0x6) SR: 89.06;
19.3;?;de Leede to Gilchrist, no run;
19.2;?;de Leede to Gilchrist, no run;
19.1;?;de Leede to Gilchrist, no run length-delivery on the middle stump line, pushed back to the bowler.;
18.6;?;Ryan ten Doeschate to Ponting, no run dropped by Zuiderant at midwicket! Fullish delivery, on the middle and leg, Ponting whips it hard but straight, at head-high, to Zuiderant who, I thought, had snaffled it but instead he clangs it. The ball bobbed out of his hand and he almost took it on the rebound and I think was about to throw it up in celebration, Gibbs style, when he lost control. Oohs and aahs plus few curses, i am sure, would have emanated from the Dutch fans.;
18.5;1;Ryan ten Doeschate to Gilchrist, 1 run corrects his length, hurls this fuller, on the off stump, driven to mid-off;
18.4;4;Ryan ten Doeschate to Gilchrist, FOUR runs Wallop! Short and outside off, Gilchrist cuts it up and over point. No one home at deep point and he gets another boundary.;
18.3;1lb;Ryan ten Doeschate to Ponting, 1 leg bye 122.2 kmph, fuller and faster (compared to the previous deliveries), on the legs, runs off the pads as Ponting fails to get a touch;
18.2;1;Ryan ten Doeschate to Gilchrist, 1 run slightly short and outside off, cut to right of point where a diving half-stop is made;
18.1;?;Ryan ten Doeschate to Gilchrist, no run length-delivery on the middle stump line, Gilchrist whips it ,in the air, to the left of short midwicket who makes a neat stop;
17.6;?;de Leede to Ponting, no run fullish, around off stump line, driven powerfully but straight to cover;
17.5;?;de Leede to Ponting, no run outside off stump, shapes in, guided to point;
17.4;4;de Leede to Ponting, FOUR runs Slower one but Ponting picks it early, leans forward and sweeps it over square-leg.;
17.3;?;de Leede to Ponting, no run;
17.2;6;de Leede to Ponting, SIX runs Oh ho! There goes Ponting. Probably he was enraged by the earlier appeal. He leans forward to swing it over long-on!;
17.1;?;de Leede to Ponting, no run On the off stump line, coming in, Ricky Ponting pushes at it, gets a inside-edge on to he pads. They go up in appeal.;
16.6;?;Ryan ten Doeschate to Gilchrist, no run;
16.5;?;Ryan ten Doeschate to Gilchrist, no run;
16.4;?;Ryan ten Doeschate to Gilchrist, no run fuller and hint of inswing, on middle and leg, turned to square-leg;
16.3;2;Ryan ten Doeschate to Gilchrist, 2 runs Fifty up for Gilchrist. Short and on the middle and leg stump line, pulled away to deep midwicket;
16.2;?;Ryan ten Doeschate to Gilchrist, no run better. length-delivery, just outside off stump, pushed to cover;
16.1;4;Ryan ten Doeschate to Gilchrist, FOUR runs overpitched on the legs, flicked away past square-leg. Don't bowl there boss. He will make you bleed.;
15.6;1;de Leede to Gilchrist, 1 run fullish, on the middle and leg, driven to long-on;
15.5;?;de Leede to Gilchrist, no run another slow off cutter, driven back to the bowler.;
15.4;?;de Leede to Gilchrist, no run there comes the slower one. off cutter, driven to mid-off.;
15.3;?;de Leede to Gilchrist, no run gentle seam-up stuff on the off and middle, pushed to cover;
15.2;4;de Leede to Gilchrist, FOUR runs there comes the change in pace, faster and slipping down the leg side, flicked away.;
15.1;?;de Leede to Gilchrist, no run I think he is the slower one specialist. His change of pace, i think, is the faster one! another slowish cutter, played to cover;
14.6;?;Ryan ten Doeschate to Ponting, no run;
14.5;4;Ryan ten Doeschate to Ponting, FOUR runs Another low full toss and Ponting is no monk. He is not going to forgive your errors again and again. Whips it through midwicket.;
14.4;?;Ryan ten Doeschate to Ponting, no run low full toss, hint of swing in and Ponting pushes it tamely back to the bowler;
14.3;?;Ryan ten Doeschate to Ponting, no run similar line, nudged towards point. Good over so far.;
14.2;?;Ryan ten Doeschate to Ponting, no run length-delivery on the off stump line, pushed back to the bowler;
14.1;?;Ryan ten Doeschate to Ponting, no run around off stump, driven to cover;
13.6;?;de Leede to Gilchrist, no run Aha! another slower one. The orgy continues. And almost takes out Gilchrist who shapes to pull but is beaten by the change in pace. He is struck on the pad but going down. The cheeky keeper who had earlier yelled, "they don't like the kiwis' appeals, Bucknor turns it down;
13.5;?;de Leede to Gilchrist, no run Was it a another slower one? Hmm... offcutter on the off stump, cut to point;
13.4;?;de Leede to Gilchrist, no run slower one on the middle and leg stump line, he is bowling a orgy of slower ones here, pushed out to mid-off.;
13.3;?;de Leede to Gilchrist, no run fuller and faster, driven to mid-off;
13.2;?;de Leede to Gilchrist, no run slower offcutter, on the middle and off stump line, Gilchrist waits for it to arrive, guides it to point;
13.1;1;de Leede to Ponting, 1 run full and straight, on the middle and leg, driven to mid-on and he sets off for a single;
12.6;1lb;Ryan ten Doeschate to Ponting, 1 leg bye Short of length, on the off and middle stump line, Ponting shapes to pull but is beaten by the bounce and the pace. I mean lack of it. It didn't rise high nor did it come through. And it bounds off the pads to the backward point region;
12.5;?;Ryan ten Doeschate to Ponting, no run;
12.4;4;Ryan ten Doeschate to Ponting, FOUR runs Another four. no surprise eh? On the stumps, Ponting goes down town. Drives straight down the ground;
12.3;4;Ryan ten Doeschate to Ponting, FOUR runs There he goes. Overpitched on the legs, Ponting leans forward and whips it past midwicket;
12.2;?;Ryan ten Doeschate to Ponting, no run full and on the middle stump line, turned to square-leg;
12.1;?;Ryan ten Doeschate to Ponting, no run;
12.1;1w;Ryan ten Doeschate to Ponting, 1 wide gets it straighter, on the middle stump line, driven to mid-on;
11.6;?;de Leede to Gilchrist, no run another slow delivery on the middle stump line, driven to the bowler.;
11.5;W;de Leede to Hayden, OUT Hayden falls going for the broke. Slow offcutter outside off stump, Hayden has one wild swing, and edges it to Borren at point.;Matthew Hayden c Borren b de Leede 29 (47m 34b 4x4 1x6) SR: 85.29;
11.4;?;de Leede to Hayden, no run he is going for it, every delivery now. Another swing at a length-delivery, doesn't connect well, goes towards mid-on;
11.3;4;de Leede to Hayden, FOUR runs Clubbed away! Short of length, just outside off stump and he swipes it across the line past short midwicket.;
11.2;?;de Leede to Hayden, no run similar length, line is towards off stump, pushed out to cover;
11.1;?;de Leede to Hayden, no run on the middle stump line ,full in length, driven back to the bowler;
10.6;?;Jonkman to Gilchrist, no run lands outside off stump, comes in, punched to mid-on;
10.5;?;Jonkman to Gilchrist, no run slower one on the middle stump line, defended away;
10.4;1;Jonkman to Hayden, 1 run short of length, outside off stump, pushed to cover point;
10.3;6;Jonkman to Hayden, SIX runs Bosh! Short and Hayden pulls it over deep midwicket. Caught by a man from Boony Army! Pity for Holland that he was standing in the stands!;
10.2;?;Jonkman to Hayden, no run turned to the leg side, Gilchrist runs in from the other end, Hayden sends him back and he just makes in time to beat the direct hit;
10.1;4;Jonkman to Hayden, FOUR runs another four. It's raining boundaries here. Drifting down the leg side, flicked away fine.;
9.6;?;Reekers to Gilchrist, no run;
9.5;?;Reekers to Gilchrist, no run;
9.4;4;Reekers to Gilchrist, FOUR runs 101st WC boundary. Overpitched outside off and creamed through cover. Pure timing.;
9.3;2;Reekers to Gilchrist, 2 runs Dropped by Tim de Leede at deep midwicket! Wild swing across the line and it went up to the clouds. Down she came and Tim de Leede run backwards, got into a perfect position but couldn't hold on to it;
9.2;?;Reekers to Gilchrist, no run;
9.1;4;Reekers to Gilchrist, FOUR runs Whoosh! Driveable length on the off stump and Gilchrist just hit through the line. Thought it would go straight to mid-off but i need to check my eyesight. It whizzed past him and to the boundary. That's the 100th four of Gilchrist in World Cup cricket. Take a bow!;
8.6;?;Jonkman to Hayden, no run fullish, lands outside off stump line, Hayden forces it away to short cover;
8.5;?;Jonkman to Hayden, no run short of length, just outside off stump, cut to point;
8.4;1;Jonkman to Gilchrist, 1 run overpitched outside off stump, creamed through deep cover;
8.3;?;Jonkman to Gilchrist, no run nice delivery. swings in from a length, cramps Gilchrist for room and he adjusts by shutting the bat-face and pushing it to the on side;
8.2;?;Jonkman to Gilchrist, no run fuller, just outside off, punched to cover;
8.1;4;Jonkman to Gilchrist, FOUR runs Thrash! Short and Gilchrist swivles to pull it over midwicket. What a player!;
7.6;?;Reekers to Hayden, no run just outside off, pushed out to cover;
7.5;1;Reekers to Gilchrist, 1 run slipping down the leg side, tucked behind square-leg;
7.4;4;Reekers to Gilchrist, FOUR runs This one flies over square-leg. Didn't execute the pick-up shot well but still enough wood on it to send it over towards long-leg. Couple of bounces and over the ropes.;
7.3;4;Reekers to Gilchrist, FOUR runs Boom! Similar delivery actually but Gilchirst smokes it through the line. Swing of the arms and the ball flies over the bowler's head;
7.2;?;Reekers to Gilchrist, no run full in length, just outside off stump, driven powerfully to mid-off;
7.1;?;Reekers to Gilchrist, no run full, straight, on the middle stump line, pushed out to mid-off;
6.6;1;Jonkman to Gilchrist, 1 run fullish, a low full toss in fact, driven to deep cover;
6.5;1;Jonkman to Hayden, 1 run bit short and outside off stump, swatted away to the left of cover who makes a half-stop;
6.4;?;Jonkman to Hayden, no run in the zone outside off, left alone;
6.3;?;Jonkman to Hayden, no run fuller, on the middle stump line, turned to midwicket;
6.2;4;Jonkman to Hayden, FOUR runs Hayden had enough of the nagging line. Walks down the track, takes a length-delivery from outside off and dispatches it to wide mid-on;
6.1;?;Jonkman to Hayden, no run comes in from outside off - he has bowling that all morning, pushed to cover;
5.6;?;Reekers to Gilchrist, no run on the leg and middle, worked to midwicket;
5.5;?;Reekers to Gilchrist, no run fullish, on to the pads, flicked away but straight to short fine leg.;
5.4;?;Reekers to Gilchrist, no run leans forward, pushes a length-delivery to cover;
5.3;1;Reekers to Hayden, 1 run;
5.2;4;Reekers to Hayden, FOUR runs Whack! overpitched on the off stump line, knifed through the line, past the bowler!;
5.1;1;Reekers to Gilchrist, 1 run Smack! overpitched outside off and crashed to deep cover.;
4.6;?;Jonkman to Hayden, no run lands on a length, just outside off stump, rushes through to the channel, left alone. It's a maiden over!;
4.5;?;Jonkman to Hayden, no run continues to get some swing. Bit too early in the trajectory though. Outside off stump, driven out to mid-off;
4.4;?;Jonkman to Hayden, no run driveable length, just outside off, driven to cover;
4.3;?;Jonkman to Hayden, no run almost-yorker, at the off stump line, Hayden stabs it away down the track;
4.2;?;Jonkman to Hayden, no run bends in from just outside off, on the middle stump line, Hayden leans forward, plays it inside-out to cover;
4.1;?;Jonkman to Hayden, no run again from round the wickets, in the channel outside off, Hayden plonks his right foot out and shoulders arms;
3.6;?;Reekers to Gilchrist, no run;
3.5;?;Reekers to Gilchrist, no run similar line, just outside off, pushed back to the bowler.;
3.4;?;Reekers to Gilchrist, no run full and just outside off stump, Gilchrist leans forward, opens the bat-face, punches it to point;
3.3;1lb;Reekers to Hayden, 1 leg bye gentle seam-up delivery on the legs, shovelled away towards square-leg;
3.2;?;Reekers to Hayden, no run on the middle and leg, worked to midwicket. The wicketkeeper is standing up to the stumps;
3.1;?;Reekers to Hayden, no run full in length, on the middle, driven back to the bowler;
2.6;?;Jonkman to Gilchrist, no run Peter Borren makes an athletic stop at cover. Overpitched on the off and Gilchrist drilled it to Borren's right but a fine stop there.;
2.5;?;Jonkman to Gilchrist, no run fuller, again touch of in swing, from that round the wicket angle, driven towards mid-off;
2.4;1;Jonkman to Hayden, 1 run 128.2 kmph back of length delivery, swinging to the hips, tucked away to fine-leg with ease.;
2.3;1;Jonkman to Gilchrist, 1 run almost at the blockhole, on the middle stump line, dug out to the right of mid-off for a single.;
2.2;4;Jonkman to Gilchrist, FOUR runs Don't bowl there! Short and wide, Gilchrist earns his living from those deliveries. Cut away past point. Whack!;
2.1;1;Jonkman to Hayden, 1 run another inswining delivery from round the wickets, full in length on the middle stump line, Hayden leans forward, works it to left of mid-on;
1.6;?;Reekers to Gilchrist, no run on the middle and leg, turned to midwicket;
1.5;1;Reekers to Hayden, 1 run Another probing delivery on the off and middle, full in length, Jabbed away, gets an outside-edge through gully, down to third man;
1.4;?;Reekers to Hayden, no run That silly mid-off comes into play. nice strangling delivery on the off and middle, goes on straight, Hayden gets his bat down in a hurry, pushes it out to silly mid-off;
1.3;1;Reekers to Gilchrist, 1 run slides on to the legs, Gilchrist works it past square-leg;
1.2;4;Reekers to Gilchrist, FOUR runs Caressed away. Classy. Overpitched outside off stump, down came the bat in a lovely arc to meet the ball flush in the middle and it sped through extra cover.;
1.1;1;Reekers to Hayden, 1 run Fullish, hint of inswing, driven towards mid-on for a quick single;
0.6;?;Jonkman to Gilchrist, no run closer to the off stump, fuller, pushed towards mid-off;
0.5;4;Jonkman to Gilchrist, FOUR runs Slap! Couple of deliveries were swinging down the leg side and so he started this one from well outside off but it sat up for Gilchrist to cut it past point;
0.4;1lb;Jonkman to Hayden, 1 leg bye another one swinging in to the hips, they will get a leg bye;
0.3;1lb;Jonkman to Gilchrist, 1 leg bye Fab delivery. It swung in late from outside off and Gilchrist is beaten by the movement and is rapped on the pads - it was going down leg side and the ball went to left of gully. They rush for a quick single, a shy comes at the striker's end, misses but Hayden would have made it.;
0.2;?;Jonkman to Gilchrist, no run And again. Whippy action gets the ball back in from outside off, Gilchrist gets behind the line and defends;
0.1;?;Jonkman to Gilchrist, no run lands on a length, outside off, comes in, Gilchrist goes back, pushes the bat out, away from the body, makes contact and the ball rolls towards cover;
0.1;1nb;Jonkman to Gilchrist, (no ball) From round the wickets, comes a length-delivery, angling in, Gilchrist tries to whip it to on side and gets a inside-edge onto his pads. No ball though.;

Hello there. Welcome to Australia v Netherlands.
Toss Australia have won the toss and will bat first.
I am Sriram Veera and will bring you the proceeding's today. Meanwhile, in a stunning development Andrew Flintoff has been dropped on disciplinary grounds and won't feature in the game against Canada.
No change in the Australian team. Netherlands have made couple of them. Adeel Raja, the offspinner, came in for Eric Szwarczynski and Mark Jonkman replaced Billy Stelling.
Matthew Hayden and Adam Gilchrist are out there in the middle. The umpires for today's match are Steve Bucknor and Tony Hill.
 Innings Start
A comprehensive victory for Australia. They win by 229 runs. The cricketing world, meanwhile, has been engulfed by the tragic news of Bob Woolmer's death. Do click here to read some early tributes. I shall leave you with the one from Allan Donald.
""The news was pretty devastating, to be honest. He was a very, very close friend, actually more than as a coach.... He was a very respected man. We were together with Warwickshire and South Africa. Bob was an extremely professional man, was an extremely soft person, gave his life to cricket and probably paid for it."
This is Sriram Veera, signing off.
26.5;W;Hogg to Jonkman, OUT It's all over. Googly does the trick. Rips across a wrong'un, on the middle and off stump line, and he didn't pick it. Jonkman tried to work it to on side, fails to maintain balance and drags his feet out of the crease. Gilchrist whips off the bails in a flash to terminate Netherlands' innings.;Mark Jonkman st ?Gilchrist b Hogg 0 (2m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
26.4;?;Hogg to Jonkman, no run full and just outside off, worked to the on side;
26.3;W;Hogg to Borren, OUT Another slog-sweep but finds Hussey at deep midwicket. Again tossed up, on the off stump line and he slapped it fast and straight to Hussey;Peter Borren c Hussey b Hogg 24 (30m 18b 4x4 1x6) SR: 133.33;
26.2;4;Hogg to Borren, FOUR runs Smashed away! Tossed-up outside off and flat-batted down the ground.;
26.1;?;Hogg to Borren, no run turns in from outside off, dabbed to point;
25.6;1lb;Tait to Borren, 1 leg bye swings to the legs, nudged to square-leg;
25.5;?;Tait to Borren, no run length-delivery, on the off stump line, defended on the front foot;
25.4;1;Tait to Adeel Raja, 1 run again yorker-length, just outside off stump, a stab and a inside-edge results;
25.3;?;Tait to Adeel Raja, no run another one, at the blockhole length, but again just outside off stump. He needs to get his radar right.;
25.2;?;Tait to Adeel Raja, no run beaten. Fuller and just outside off stump, curves away a touch, Raja pushes at it, inside the line;
25.1;?;Tait to Adeel Raja, no run outside off stump, goes on straight, left alone;
24.6;4;Hogg to Borren, FOUR runs Heaved away! A googly but he swept it on the length. Leant forward and slog-swept it to right of deep midwicket fielder.;
24.5;1;Hogg to Adeel Raja, 1 run full toss, just pushed away to wide mid-off for a single;
24.4;?;Hogg to Adeel Raja, no run leans forward to smother the spin;
24.3;4;Hogg to Adeel Raja, FOUR runs wallops the orthodox legbreak, right over the bowler's head.;
24.2;?;Hogg to Adeel Raja, no run googly and again another batsman is beaten. They are not picking him well.;
24.1;?;Hogg to Adeel Raja, no run lands outside off stump, turns in slightly, pushed to silly point;
23.6;?;McGrath to Borren, no run fuller, hint of inswing, on the off and middle, driven back down the track, McGrath stretches his right hand out to make a half-stop;
23.5;?;McGrath to Borren, no run banged in short, rises shoulder-high, fended off the front foot;
23.4;1;McGrath to Adeel Raja, 1 run around off stump line, nudged to backward point where Ponting makes the stop;
23.3;?;McGrath to Adeel Raja, no run shuffles across, tries to dab it away to the on side but is beaten by the straightening of the delivery and is rapped high on the thigh;
23.2;?;McGrath to Adeel Raja, no run;
23.1;?;McGrath to Adeel Raja, no run in the zone outside off, left alone;
22.6;6;Hogg to Borren, SIX runs He had more than a clue about this. Leans forward and swings, a tossed-up delivery on the middle, over deep midwicket. Smack!;
22.5;?;Hogg to Borren, no run super googly. landed outside leg stump and broke away. Batsman didn't have much clue about that.;
22.4;1;Hogg to Adeel Raja, 1 run turns in towards the hip, tucked to backward square-leg;
22.3;W;Hogg to Smits, OUT plumb. Fastish spin, on the off and middle and Smits was hurried. He couldn't react quickly enough and is a dead duck.;Jeroen Smits lbw b Hogg 3 (8m 12b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
22.2;?;Hogg to Smits, no run tossed up on the off stump line, pushed back down the track;
22.1;?;Hogg to Smits, no run spins in from outside off, dabbed to slip;
21.6;?;McGrath to Borren, no run just outside off, defended on the front foot;
21.5;?;McGrath to Borren, no run low full toss, punched to cover;
21.4;4;McGrath to Borren, FOUR runs Smooth. Clean as a whistle. Full-pitched delivery outside off and driven uppishly through extra cover;
21.3;1;McGrath to Smits, 1 run full in length, hint of inswing, jabbed away;
21.2;?;McGrath to Smits, no run short of length, in the corridor outside off, has a slash but no wood on leather;
21.1;1lb;McGrath to Borren, 1 leg bye slips down leg side, raps him on the pads;
20.6;2;Hogg to Smits, 2 runs tossed on the middle and leg stump line, wrong'un, attempted sweep and it bounds off, over Gilchrist, off a top edge;
20.5;?;Hogg to Smits, no run;
20.4;?;Hogg to Smits, no run googly, slightly short on the off stump line and breaks away. He shapes to cut but withdraws at the last minute;
20.3;?;Hogg to Smits, no run spins in from outside off, padded away but again didn't do enough to cause damage;
20.2;?;Hogg to Smits, no run on the off stump line, turns in, driven to cover;
20.1;1;Hogg to Borren, 1 run full toss, paddled away to deep back ward square-leg;
19.6;?;McGrath to Smits, no run comes down the track and is greeted by a bouncer and he ducks under it.;
19.5;?;McGrath to Smits, no run;
19.4;W;McGrath to van Bunge, OUT World Cup victim no 50. full in length, lands just outside off stump and shapes back in. van Bunge, who was looking in pretty good nick out there, shufled back and stabbed at it. The ball squeezed through and struck him in front of the off stump;Daan van Bunge lbw b McGrath 33 (49m 33b 4x4 1x6) SR: 100;
19.3;4;McGrath to van Bunge, FOUR runs chipped over mid-off! Slower one, van Bunge was slightly early into his drive, ends up chipping it over the 30-yard circle.;
19.2;1;McGrath to Borren, 1 run on the off stump line, a forward jab, gets a inside-edge , to short fine leg;
19.1;1;McGrath to van Bunge, 1 run inswinging delivery, full in length, on the off and middle, driven down the ground;
18.6;?;Hogg to Borren, no run lands on the line of stumps, turns in, he is rapped on the pads as he goes forward in defense. But going down.;
18.5;4;Hogg to Borren, FOUR runs Blast! Leans forward and drills a fullish delivery through mid-on;
18.4;W;Hogg to de Leede, OUT Googly gets him another victim. Australia's chinaman is delighted. Lands on the off stump line, sucking de Leede into a forward prod and the outside edge is swallowed up by Hayden at slip.;Tim de Leede c Hayden b Hogg 14 (35m 22b 2x4 0x6) SR: 63.63;
18.3;?;Hogg to de Leede, no run there comes the googly, on the off and middle, he drives and gets an outside edge. Didn't spot it.;
18.2;?;Hogg to de Leede, no run floated outside off stump, padded away. They shout for lbw but it didn't spin in enough;
18.1;?;Hogg to de Leede, no run turns in from outside off, pushed to the off side.;
17.6;1;McGrath to de Leede, 1 run full and on the middle stump line, jabbed away, gets an inside-edge to square-leg;
17.5;4;McGrath to de Leede, FOUR runs Slower one but he picks it up early and drills it inside-out through cover. Super shot that.;
17.4;?;McGrath to de Leede, no run full-pitched on the middle stump line, driven down the track;
17.3;1;McGrath to van Bunge, 1 run;
17.2;1;McGrath to de Leede, 1 run slower delivery, de Leede gets his bat down hard, times it well and the ball goes to mid-on;
17.1;?;McGrath to de Leede, no run well directed short ball, de Leede ducks and stumbles a little;
16.6;1;Tait to de Leede, 1 run cut away towards point with soft hands, de Leede takes off and picks up a single;
16.5;?;Tait to de Leede, no run reverse swing again, the ball hits the pads as he tries to hit it past midwicket;
16.4;4;Tait to de Leede, FOUR runs full and despatched past the covers! Tait tries a little too hard to slip in the yorker but gets the direction wrong;
16.3;4b;Tait to de Leede, 4 byes yorker and squeezed out! swinging on middle and leg, de Leede gets the toe edge of the bat and the ball just misses a diving Gilchrist;
16.2;?;Tait to de Leede, no run yorker length, reverse swing, de Leede just manages to get some bat onto it;
16.1;?;Tait to de Leede, no run de Leede pushes it towards cover, searching for the run;
15.6;?;McGrath to van Bunge, no run down the track and missed! that was a rather strange shot, van Bunge gives room, steps down the track, suddenly withdraws his bat in the last second, lets it go to Gilchrist;
15.5;?;McGrath to van Bunge, no run pushed to the off side;
15.4;?;McGrath to van Bunge, no run van Bunge drops it down with soft hands and the ball nearly trickes onto the stumps;
15.3;?;McGrath to van Bunge, no run skiddy delivery outside off, the ball keeps a little low and van Bunge misses it;
15.2;1;McGrath to de Leede, 1 run pitched outside off, de Leede opens the face and glides it to third man;
15.1;?;McGrath to de Leede, no run banged in on the pads, de Leede tries to turn it to the on side, the ball hits the pads and lobs towards the slips;
14.6;?;Tait to van Bunge, no run banged in short, pushed to the off side;
14.5;1;Tait to de Leede, 1 run overpitched outside off, driven to point and rushes across for a quick single;
14.4;1;Tait to van Bunge, 1 run on the off stump line, dabbed away to the on side;
14.3;?;Tait to van Bunge, no run 140.6 kmph, full and outside off, left alone;
14.2;2;Tait to van Bunge, 2 runs full and fast, on the middle stump line, flicked past squareleg;
14.1;1;Tait to de Leede, 1 run short of length, outside off, dabbed to third man;
14.1;1w;Tait to de Leede, 1 wide well outside off stump, has a wild swish but no contact;
13.6;2;McGrath to van Bunge, 2 runs slap-slogged away. Back-of-length delivery on the off stump has been swung over wide mid-on.;
13.5;?;McGrath to van Bunge, no run full-pitched on the middle stump line, driven to mid-on;
13.4;?;McGrath to van Bunge, no run gets behind a length-delivery and defends;
13.3;?;McGrath to van Bunge, no run down he comes again, McGrath bangs it short and the ball flies over the flashing blade;
13.2;?;McGrath to van Bunge, no run yorker on the off stump line, dug out by van Bunge;
13.1;?;McGrath to van Bunge, no run gives the charge to McGrath but doesn't quite get hold of the shot and the ball rolls over to McGrath;
12.6;?;Bracken to de Leede, no run beaten. Lands on the off and middle and goes on with the angle.;
12.5;1;Bracken to van Bunge, 1 run pinches a single with a drive to right of mid-on;
12.4;4;Bracken to van Bunge, FOUR runs slapped away through midwicket. van Bunge, the man who gave away 6 sixes the other day, is turning on the offense here. IT was a length delivery on the middle stump and he swiped it away;
12.3;?;Bracken to van Bunge, no run on the off stump line, bends in slightly, jabbed away to point;
12.2;?;Bracken to van Bunge, no run;
12.1;6;Bracken to van Bunge, SIX runs Meaty blow over long-off. Van Bunge leans forward and just goes through with the line. Up and over she soared.;
11.6;?;McGrath to de Leede, no run length-delivery on the off stump, punched to point;
11.5;?;McGrath to de Leede, no run on the middle stump line, patted to the off side;
11.4;1;McGrath to van Bunge, 1 run on a length, outside off, dabbed to third man;
11.3;4;McGrath to van Bunge, FOUR runs top-edged over the 'keeper's head. Banged in short, almost shovelled over his head as he gets into a tangle. It thuds into the glove and flies over Gilchrist;
11.2;?;McGrath to van Bunge, no run homes in on the off stump, pushed out to point;
11.1;?;McGrath to van Bunge, no run teases the outside edge with a delivery that whoosed through the channel outside off.;
10.6;W;Bracken to Zuiderent, OUT Australia are all over Netherlands. A run out now adds to the Dutch woes. short of length, on the off stump line, he nudges to point and sets off for a fatal run. He is sent back but can't make it back in time to beat the throw from Clarke.;Bas Zuiderent run out (Clarke/?Gilchrist) 9 (53m 29b 1x4 0x6) SR: 31.03;
10.5;?;Bracken to Zuiderent, no run around off stump, pushed to cover;
10.4;?;Bracken to Zuiderent, no run on the off stump line, driven to cover;
10.3;1;Bracken to van Bunge, 1 run short of length, outside off, run down to third man;
10.2;?;Bracken to van Bunge, no run slow off cutter outside off, left alone;
10.1;?;Bracken to van Bunge, no run in the channel outside off stump, left alone;
9.6;?;McGrath to Zuiderent, no run full in length, on the middle and off, nudged to the on side.;
9.5;1;McGrath to van Bunge, 1 run;
9.4;?;McGrath to van Bunge, no run full in length, on the middle and off stump line, defended on the front foot;
9.3;4;McGrath to van Bunge, FOUR runs streaky edge past third slip. Short of length, outside off stump, a firm push and a outside edge.;
9.2;W;McGrath to van Troost, OUT McGrath gets another World Cup victim. Inches closer to Akram's record. wicket no 49. Full and straight on the middle stump line, straightens and van Troost, who is walking all over the crease, is caught in front.;Luuk van Troost lbw b McGrath 0 (6m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
9.1;1;McGrath to Zuiderent, 1 run on the off stump line, cuts in a touch, stabs at it, gets a inside-edge and towards short fineleg;
8.6;?;Bracken to van Troost, no run swing and a miss. Gives the charge and tries to swing it to the on side, misses and the ball flies over the middle stump;
8.5;?;Bracken to van Troost, no run lands on a length, outside off, punched to cover;
8.4;1;Bracken to Zuiderent, 1 run full-pitched on the off stump, driven to mid-off.;
8.3;?;Bracken to Zuiderent, no run;
8.2;?;Bracken to Zuiderent, no run on a length, around off stump, leans forward, defends;
8.1;?;Bracken to Zuiderent, no run;
7.6;?;Tait to van Troost, no run almost cleaned up. Screaming fullish delivery, just outside off stump, the bat comes down late, the ball squeezes under the bat but just misses the off stump;
7.5;W;Tait to Ryan ten Doeschate, OUT ten Doeschate is gone. lbw. Lands on a length , cuts in, Doeschate hops across the line, tries to work it to on side and is rapped and trapped in front.;Ryan ten Doeschate lbw b Tait 1 (4m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 16.66;
7.4;?;Tait to Ryan ten Doeschate, no run Similar delivery, jabbed away to mid-off.;
7.3;?;Tait to Ryan ten Doeschate, no run full in length, on the middle stump line, dug out past the bowler.;
7.2;?;Tait to Ryan ten Doeschate, no run bouncer ,swayed away;
7.1;?;Tait to Ryan ten Doeschate, no run full and outside off stump, pushed out to cover;
7.1;1w;Tait to Ryan ten Doeschate, 1 wide well outside the off stump, left alone.;
6.6;1;Bracken to Ryan ten Doeschate, 1 run on the middle stump line, nudged through backward point;
6.5;W;Bracken to Kervezee, OUT Bend it like Bracken. Kervezee trapped for a second-ball duck. Lands on the leg stump line and moved towards off, Kervezee tried to work it across the line and was rapped on the pad.;Alexei Kervezee lbw b Bracken 0 (2m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
6.4;?;Bracken to Kervezee, no run beaten in the channel outside off. Goes with the angle.;
6.3;W;Bracken to Reekers, OUT Bracken strikes with a slower one! Slow off cutter, on middle and leg stump line, Reekers shaped to play it to the on side, get a leading edge to cover;Darron Reekers c Clarke b Bracken 25 (28m 19b 5x4 0x6) SR: 131.57;
6.2;?;Bracken to Reekers, no run on the off stump line, on a length, pushed to the off side;
6.1;4;Bracken to Reekers, FOUR runs Reekers is in some mood. He is not going to mess around. A length-delivery on middle and leg stump line has been forced away to long-leg. He shuffled across and lapped it around the corner;
5.6;?;Tait to Zuiderent, no run attempted yorker, on the off stump line, square-driven to point;
5.5;1;Tait to Reekers, 1 run goes for a yorker, dabbed to square-leg. Diving stop there by Hodge and he has a shy at non-striker's end, if he had hit Reekers would have been a goner.;
5.4;?;Tait to Reekers, no run 145.1 kmph, banged in short and outside off, Reekers wants to send it out to cow corner but is beaten by the extra bounce.;
5.3;?;Tait to Reekers, no run goes back and across, and swat-pulls a length delivery just outside off to mid-on!;
5.2;?;Tait to Reekers, no run full in length, around off and middle, pushed out to cover region;
5.1;1;Tait to Zuiderent, 1 run short of length, outside off stump, dabbed to third man;
4.6;4;Bracken to Reekers, FOUR runs Whack! Full-pitched on the off and middle stump line, drilled on the up past the bowler. What a shot! Some statement of intent.;
4.5;1;Bracken to Zuiderent, 1 run in the channel outside off, run down to third man;
4.4;?;Bracken to Zuiderent, no run slower one, around off, pushed to cover;
4.3;4;Bracken to Zuiderent, FOUR runs Wow! He smacked that. Overpitched outside off and Zuiderant thrust his left foot out and creamed it through widish mid-off. Some shot that.;
4.2;?;Bracken to Zuiderent, no run full in length, on the middle stump line, driven to mid-on;
4.1;?;Bracken to Zuiderent, no run leans forward, opens the bat-face, guides a length-delivery to cover point;
3.6;4;Tait to Reekers, FOUR runs top-edged over the outstretched hand of Gilchrist! Banged in short and Reekers pulls but is beaten by the pace.;
3.6;1w;Tait to Reekers, 1 wide well outside off stump, Reekers chases it but can't reach it;
3.5;1lb;Tait to Zuiderent, 1 leg bye on to the legs again, runs off the pad for a run.;
3.4;?;Tait to Zuiderent, no run And again. A touch wide and Zuiderant threatened a drive but resists the urge.;
3.3;?;Tait to Zuiderent, no run gets it right this time. Through the corridor outside off stump, left alone;
3.3;1w;Tait to Zuiderent, 1 wide And again. Tait loses control again. That slingy action.;
3.3;1w;Tait to Zuiderent, 1 wide slips down the leg side. Wide called.;
3.2;?;Tait to Zuiderent, no run rushes through the channel outside off, left alone;
3.1;?;Tait to Zuiderent, no run full and straight, on the middle and leg, pushed to mid-on;
2.6;1;Bracken to Zuiderent, 1 run slashed away! Zuiderant frees his arms at the width offered and slashes it through backward point. McGrath gets around from widish third man to make a neat stop near the ropes.;
2.5;1;Bracken to Reekers, 1 run full and a touch wide outside off stump, Reekers drives to mid-off;
2.4;?;Bracken to Reekers, no run this one goes with the angle, left alone;
2.3;4;Bracken to Reekers, FOUR runs Ah! the good old inside-edge to fine leg boundary. The lemon cut. Fullish and outside off stump, Reekers, maybe expecting a short pitched delvery, stays where he is and then has a flash at it. The bat comes down late but he gets a lucky edge.;
2.2;?;Bracken to Reekers, no run Reekers attempts to counterpunch. Charges at a length delivery and tries to swing it across but makes no contact;
2.1;?;Bracken to Reekers, no run again Bracken bends it back in, Reekers arrests his front foot movement and brings the bat around, pushes it to the on side;
1.6;?;Tait to Zuiderent, no run peach of a delivery. Beautiful outswinger that curved away, a lame poke by Zuiderant.;
1.5;1;Tait to Reekers, 1 run Another short pitched stuff, at the body, Reekers pivots to pull it to fine leg;
1.4;?;Tait to Reekers, no run bounces past the leg stump, banged in short, tries to pull it away but misses.;
1.3;2;Tait to Reekers, 2 runs What a cheeky shot! Length-delivery on the middle stump line, lapped away through midwicket.;
1.2;4;Tait to Reekers, FOUR runs Clipped away! Drifting on to the pads and forced off the back foot, past square-leg;
1.1;?;Tait to Reekers, no run Almost cleans up with a late outswinger. It landed on the off stump line and shaped away, Reekers is squared-up by the movement and the ball whizzes past the outside edge, past the off stump.;
0.6;?;Bracken to Zuiderent, no run Bend it like Bracken. Another one that curved back in and thudded into the pad. Going down leg side though.;
0.5;?;Bracken to Zuiderent, no run lands on a length, comes in, dabbed away to the off side.;
0.4;?;Bracken to Zuiderent, no run slants away in the channel outside off stump and left alone. Bracken will mix things up here.;
0.3;?;Bracken to Zuiderent, no run puts bat to ball. Just outside off stump, pushed to the off side.;
0.2;?;Bracken to Zuiderent, no run lands on a length, bends back in , another inside-edge on to the pad. Bracken is homing in. Lethally.;
0.1;?;Bracken to Zuiderent, no run a lovely inswinger to start off, almost squeezed through the bat and pad gap. Gets a inside-edge on to the pad.;

Two slips in place. Bracken to bowl to Zuiderant
 Innings Start
Australia
Netherlands
10th Match, Group A, Basseterre, Mar 18 2007, ICC World Cup
358/5
129
Player of the match is Brad Hodge, AUS
Australia won by 229 runs
