Data
4:30pm: Australia's top three had their stumps splayed; Pakistan may have won the early exchange, but a late surge from Smith and Watson, to add to impetus in the middle overs, has carried Australia to 193 for 4.
Smith played a busy innings. He played only six dots, two of which came when he was swinging in the last over. Pakistan need to overhaul 193 if they are to stay alive. Be back soon for the chase.
Wahab: "I could have done better and we could have restricted them below 170. Smith played really well and kept rotating the strike. The pressure was on us. It is a good batting wicket. This is the last chance for us."
Steven: "I thought a bowler was supposed to try to bowl and dismiss a batsman. Steven Smith was so far outside off stump before Riaz bowled 18.6 that, had the bowler aimed for the stumps instead of further outside off."
Sahy: "It will be a great chase, if Afridi opens." --- and fires
Bharath Kumar: "Mohammad Amir picked up three wickets each in all of his four previous vs Australia (12 wkts in 4 games). Failed to take any wicket today."
Anju: "Nice innings by watson. Clean swings there......."
19.6;1lb;Amir to Watson, 1 leg bye Watson dances outside leg, Amir follows the batsman with a full ball and hits the pad. They pinch one;
19.5;6;Amir to Watson, SIX runs Watson plonks his front leg out of the way and hits it over midwicket for a maximum;
19.4;4;Amir to Watson, FOUR runs change of pace, 126ks, shortish, fools Watson. He now has a wry smile on his face. Pulls and sends a top edge over the keeper;
19.3;1lb;Amir to Smith, 1 leg bye Smith backs away, Amir follows him with an offcutting ball and hits the pad;
19.2;?;Amir to Smith, no run Smith backs away, aims to ramp over short third man. This short ball veers in and climbs over the stumps;
19.1;?;Amir to Smith, no run Amir bangs it short on middle, Smith swats and connects only with thin air;
19.1;2w;Amir to Watson, 2 wide slower, short ball down leg, beats the hook. Wide;
18.6;4;Wahab Riaz to Smith, FOUR runs Smith is toying with Wahab. He aims a yorker and ends up bowling a full toss, which follows the batsman, picked away over midwicket. What wrists! Watto has a big smile on his face. Wahab could have targetted the stumps;
18.5;1;Wahab Riaz to Watson, 1 run blockhole ball on off again, dragged to long-on off the toe end;
18.4;2;Wahab Riaz to Watson, 2 runs off-stump yorker now, run away in front of square on off with an angled bat;
18.3;4;Wahab Riaz to Watson, FOUR runs full toss outside off, poor execution. Watson bashes it over extra cover. He follows the trajectory of the ball;
18.2;?;Wahab Riaz to Watson, no run another full toss outside off, Watson swings and does not make contact;
18.1;1;Wahab Riaz to Smith, 1 run Smith shuffles across off, Wahab sends down a full toss. Forced to cow corner with the wrists;
17.6;1;Sami to Smith, 1 run change of pace outside off, flat-bat thump to long-off. Looked like a tennis foreland. Sami finishes 4-0-53-0;
17.5;4;Sami to Smith, FOUR runs back of a length on middle, Smith now backs away and cuts it past backward point. No protection at third man;
17.4;1;Sami to Watson, 1 run Watson backs away again, Sami replies with a slower short ball. Watson waits for it to arrive and carves to sweeper on off;
17.3;6;Sami to Watson, SIX runs Watson makes swinging room again, this is on a length and on off. Watson goes low and goes inside out over extra cover;
17.2;1;Sami to Smith, 1 run short on middle, dragged to cow corner;
17.1;2;Sami to Smith, 2 runs dug in short and hurries outside off, Smith flaps it to midwicket. He sprints for two and raises his fifty. Busy knock;
16.6;4;Amir to Watson, FOUR runs a touch fuller and outside off, Watson, who had moved away outside leg again, adjusts and flays it over backward point;
16.5;6;Amir to Watson, SIX runs Watson makes room outside leg, Amir chases the batsman with a length ball. Watson does not bother. He smites it into the stands beyond long-on;
16.4;1;Amir to Smith, 1 run yorker on fourth-stump, squeezed to the midwicket area;
16.3;4;Amir to Smith, FOUR runs width outside off, Smith reaches out and slices it over backward point. Latif runs to his left from deep cover, puts in a weak/almost reluctant slide, and lets four;
16.2;1;Amir to Watson, 1 run length ball on middle, slogged to deep midwicket, off the inside half;
16.1;1;Amir to Smith, 1 run length and just angled in, bunted to long-on;
15.6;1lb;Wahab Riaz to Smith, 1 leg bye slower bouncer outside off, dupes Smith and beats the pull. He is hit on the body, as the ball rolls in front of cover. They pinch one;
15.5;1;Wahab Riaz to Watson, 1 run glanced off the pads to fine leg;
15.4;4;Wahab Riaz to Watson, FOUR runs Watson lands the first punch on Wahab. Soft short ball, below chest height, swivels on the back foot and pulls between deep square and deep fine;
15.3;1lb;Wahab Riaz to Smith, 1 leg bye leg-stump ball, which is diverted off the thigh to long leg;
15.2;?;Wahab Riaz to Smith, no run shorter and just outside off, Smith goes across and mis-times a pull to the leg side. He inspects the bottom of his bat;
15.1;1;Wahab Riaz to Watson, 1 run back of a length and simply goes away with the angle from over the wicket, Watson allows the ball to come on and late-cuts to third man;
14.6;1;Afridi to Watson, 1 run darted on top of off, Watson backs away slightly and punches to the off-side sweeper;
14.5;?;Afridi to Watson, no run Afridi fires a yorker, almost 100ks, dug back;
14.4;1;Afridi to Smith, 1 run full on off, whipped nicely to long-on;
14.3;1;Afridi to Watson, 1 run short and outside off, drags a pull to long-on;
14.2;?;Afridi to Watson, no run faster and flat-arm, punched to cover on the back foot;
14.1;?;Afridi to Watson, no run pitched up and outside off, eased to cover on the front foot;
13.6;4;Imad Wasim to Smith, FOUR runs dropped short and wide outside off, Smith cuts it firmly to the deep point;
13.5;1;Imad Wasim to Watson, 1 run full on off, Watson gets forward and pushes to long-off;
13.4;W;Imad Wasim to Maxwell, OUT Maxi holes out to long-on now. Pushed through flat, Maxi slogs, and miscues it to Shehzad, who completes a good overhead catch;Glenn Maxwell c Ahmed Shehzad b Imad Wasim 30 (24m 18b 3x4 1x6) SR: 166.66;
13.3;1;Imad Wasim to Smith, 1 run punched to long-on;
13.2;2;Imad Wasim to Smith, 2 runs down the track and worked smoothly behind square for two;
13.1;4;Imad Wasim to Smith, FOUR runs full and outside off, bent-knee drive through the gap at covers;
12.6;6;Sami to Maxwell, SIX runs and this is even better! Right out of the top draw. Overpitches this outside off, Maxi extends his arms, loft-drives it, sends it skimming over long-on. Off-side side, leg-side wide, a few boundaries - typical Sami over. Those two extra balls cost 10;
12.5;4;Sami to Maxwell, FOUR runs dug in shortish and outside off, Maxi gets on top of the bounce and pulls it in front of square. Nailed that!;
12.4;?;Sami to Maxwell, no run short and outside off, Maxi gets on top of the bounce and rides it to backward point;
12.4;1w;Sami to Maxwell, 1 wide Maxi shuffles outside leg and puts Sami off. This is sprayed wide outside off, almost in line with a first slip (if there was one);
12.3;?;Sami to Maxwell, no run back of a length on off, keeps Maxi quiet, defended back;
12.2;1;Sami to Smith, 1 run short and outside off, Smith veers across off again, smartly tucked around the corner at deep square leg;
12.1;4;Sami to Smith, FOUR runs this time it's short and wide outside off, Smith slashes and sends an outside edge flying over the vacant slip cordon;
12.1;1w;Sami to Smith, 1 wide and his radar is wonky. Sends one down the leg side;
11.6;1;Imad Wasim to Smith, 1 run flat on off and middle, Smith shimmies out and tucks it to deep midwicket, again;
11.5;1;Imad Wasim to Maxwell, 1 run full and slides on leg, fired in, Maxi misses the reverse sweep. Off the pad for one leg bye;
11.4;1;Imad Wasim to Smith, 1 run full on the pads, and that's flicked out to deep midwicket;
11.3;1;Imad Wasim to Maxwell, 1 run Maxi comes out and punches to long-on;
11.2;1;Imad Wasim to Smith, 1 run forced to long-off;
11.1;?;Imad Wasim to Smith, no run full and drifts in, Smith uses his feet, is beaten, off the pad and runs away in front of backward point. Maxwell sets off from the bowler's end. A direct hit could have definitely had Maxi, or even an assist onto the stumps;
10.6;4;Afridi to Maxwell, FOUR runs full and slides on middle at 93ks, Maxi goes low and spanks it away to the midwicket boundary with a sweep;
10.5;2;Afridi to Maxwell, 2 runs Afridi attacks the pads again with a full ball, Maxi whirls his wrists and hits it to deep midwicket;
10.4;1;Afridi to Smith, 1 run on the pads from round the wicket, twirled through midwicket;
10.3;1;Afridi to Maxwell, 1 run tossed around off, stops a bit on the batsman, chipped in front of long-on;
10.2;4;Afridi to Maxwell, FOUR runs Maxi unleashes the reverse sweep to a fourth-stump ball. He probably top edged it over the keeper;
10.1;1;Afridi to Smith, 1 run Smith gets on the front foot and clips a single to wide long-on;
9.6;1;Imad Wasim to Smith, 1 run non-turning ball outside off, whisked away in front of square on the leg side;
9.5;1;Imad Wasim to Maxwell, 1 run blockhole ball on middle and leg, turned towards midwicket;
9.4;2;Imad Wasim to Maxwell, 2 runs drifts in full on middle, nudged to leg for a quick one;
9.3;1;Imad Wasim to Smith, 1 run shortish and outside off, Smith manufactures a whippy stroke through midwicket;
9.2;2;Imad Wasim to Smith, 2 runs good length on middle, forward and knocked into the gap at midwicket;
9.1;?;Imad Wasim to Smith, no run length ball on off, stops a bit on the batsman, pushed back;
8.6;1;Afridi to Smith, 1 run picked away off the pads through backward square leg;
8.5;2;Afridi to Smith, 2 runs down the track and whippily driven to cow corner. Shahzad flings to his right from long-on and limits it to two;
8.4;1;Afridi to Maxwell, 1 run slides on outside off, Maxi wristily shovels it to short cover. Smith drifts off in search of a quick, risky single. Umar does not throw the stumps down;
8.3;1;Afridi to Smith, 1 run too full and outside off, driven calmly to long-off;
8.2;1;Afridi to Maxwell, 1 run guided to deep cover;
8.1;?;Afridi to Maxwell, no run quick and fast outside off, stroked to the right of short cover, diving save;
7.6;1;Imad Wasim to Maxwell, 1 run length ball on off, this is punched down to long-off n the front foot;
7.5;1;Imad Wasim to Smith, 1 run full on off, driven down to long-off;
7.4;4;Imad Wasim to Smith, FOUR runs full and heading down leg, Smith goes low and sweeps it, beating fine leg's slide in the deep;
7.3;1;Imad Wasim to Maxwell, 1 run flat and straight, shovelled to long-on;
7.2;W;Imad Wasim to Finch, OUT The arm-ball does the trick. Australia's top-three batsmen have all been bowled. This rushes on off the surface, snakes in, keeps low. Beats Finch's defences and raps middle;Aaron Finch b Imad Wasim 15 (37m 16b 1x4 0x6) SR: 93.75;
7.1;?;Imad Wasim to Finch, no run darted outside off, cuts and misses;
6.6;1;Afridi to Finch, 1 run slides on, turns a bit outside off, chopped to Amir at short third man;
6.5;?;Afridi to Finch, no run skiddy ball on middle, Finch inches forward and blocks it back;
6.4;1;Afridi to Smith, 1 run flat and quick on off, stays back and whips it away through midwicket;
6.3;1;Afridi to Finch, 1 run low full toss on off, bunted to long-on;
6.2;1;Afridi to Smith, 1 run down the track and mis-hits a drive to the right of Afridi;
6.1;1;Afridi to Finch, 1 run slides on outside off, 94ks, forced through the covers;
5.6;4lb;Wahab Riaz to Smith, 4 leg byes short and on the leg stump, Smith raises his bat up, the ball kisses the thigh and runs away fine on the leg side;
5.5;4;Wahab Riaz to Smith, 4 runs short and on off, Smith gets across off, snaps his wrists and turns it through midwicket. Lazy chase from Sami, allows an all-run four;
5.4;?;Wahab Riaz to Smith, no run back of a length and angled away outside off, Smith ventures across off and pushes it to the covers;
5.3;1;Wahab Riaz to Finch, 1 run back of a length and slanting away outside off, skewed to leg off an inside edge;
5.2;1;Wahab Riaz to Smith, 1 run Smith shuffles across off instantly and nudges this behind square;
5.1;W;Wahab Riaz to Warner, OUT Wahab nails the stumps again, hits the top of middle. Warner is gone now. 148.1ks dynamite! Back of a length and ducks back in, Warner, who had aimed to make swinging room and open up the off side, is caught in an awkward tangle. Wahab KO's Warner. The stumps light up...;David Warner b Wahab Riaz 9 (8m 6b 2x4 0x6) SR: 150;
4.6;1;Sami to Warner, 1 run nice and full on middle, Warner pings a drive to mid-off;
4.5;?;Sami to Warner, no run Warner feigns to move away outside leg, this is fired full on middle, the left-hander adjusts and punches to short cover, where there is a tumbling save;
4.4;4;Sami to Warner, FOUR runs back of a length and width outside off, 143ks, Warner climbs onto it, slapped to the right of point;
4.3;1;Sami to Finch, 1 run short on off, just below 140ks, punchily played to mid-on for one;
4.2;?;Sami to Finch, no run back of a length and outside off, punched crisply to mid-off;
4.1;4;Sami to Finch, FOUR runs short and outside off, 141ks, Finch uses the pace of Sami. Chopped hard into the ground, the ball bounces over backward point, and rolls away to the fence;
3.6;4;Wahab Riaz to Warner, FOUR runs short and width outside off, Warner punishes Wahab. He reaches out and flays it past the diving backward point fielder;
3.5;?;Wahab Riaz to Warner, no run 140ks, inswinging yorker, dug out;
3.4;W;Wahab Riaz to Khawaja, OUT Wahab has Khawaja now. He lets out a roar. Khawaja steps away outside leg to crash this through the covers. But this was a full missile. Khawaja can't make contact. Thde left-arm quick pings the middle stump. It gets tilted back;Usman Khawaja b Wahab Riaz 21 (18m 16b 3x4 1x6) SR: 131.25;
3.3;?;Wahab Riaz to Khawaja, no run Wahab belts out an appeal for lbw, not given. Wahab rolls his fingers across this full one, legcutter, 115ks. Khawaja aims for a flick and misses. Going down leg?;
3.2;6;Wahab Riaz to Khawaja, SIX runs imperious stroke from Khawaja. Dug in shortish and outside off, 142ks, Khawaja skips back and launches a pull over the deep backward square leg fielder;
3.1;1;Wahab Riaz to Finch, 1 run short on the hips from over the wicket, Finch flaps a pull to short fine leg;
2.6;?;Amir to Khawaja, no run Khawaja races down the track, this is banged short. Dragged straight to Afridi at mid-on;
2.5;3;Amir to Finch, 3 runs back of a length and angled outside off, Finch stands tall and balanced as he punchily drives it through the covers. Umar chases hard, slides, snatches the ball, but fumbles a bit by the edge of the boundary. He recovers the ball with his right foot inside the ad skirting;
2.4;?;Amir to Finch, no run length and just a shade outside off, Finch hacks it to the midwicket region, off the inside half;
2.3;1;Amir to Khawaja, 1 run full at off, dropped in front of the covers for one;
2.2;?;Amir to Khawaja, no run length ball, offcutter, rips through the gate, and climbs over the off stump. Khawaja had no clue about that;
2.1;1;Amir to Finch, 1 run short and on middle and leg, pulled to the right of mid-on;
1.6;4;Sami to Khawaja, FOUR runs shortish and outside off, Khawaja creates more leeway by stepping outside leg. He drills it away to cover point, where Malik fumbles now, letting it sneak through the legs. Malik din't get hid body behind the ball. Sloppy;
1.5;1;Sami to Finch, 1 run back of a length, 144ks, Sami raps Finch high on the bat. Played in front of mid-on for a well-judged single;
1.4;1;Sami to Khawaja, 1 run very, very wristy! Khawaja steps forward, takes it from a fourth-stump line and manoeuvres it behind square leg;
1.3;?;Sami to Khawaja, no run back of a length and width outside off, Khawaja attacks it and slaps it on the front foot to Malik at cover point;
1.3;1w;Sami to Khawaja, 1 wide wild wild, short ball outside off, angled away, wide;
1.2;?;Sami to Khawaja, no run sliding into the pads again, rushes on at 144ks, Khawaja misses out on another leg-stump gift. Clipped straight to short fine leg;
1.1;4;Sami to Khawaja, FOUR runs slanting down the leg side, hit-me ball, Khawaja obliges. He swivels on the back foot and helps it away, fine leg was inside the circle;
0.6;?;Amir to Finch, no run full and keeps going away with the angle from over the wicket, Finch gets a sighter. Ignored outside off;
0.5;1;Amir to Khawaja, 1 run loose ball, short and down the leg side, Khawaja does not take toll. He only flicks it down to long leg;
0.4;4;Amir to Khawaja, FOUR runs and Khawaja has poked it out through the covers.... for four. Angled in and moves away, Khawaja targets the leg side, and gets a leading edge through the gap at the off side;
0.3;?;Amir to Khawaja, no run back of a length, 142ks, leaves Finch in the corridor. He sticks his bat out there, and misses again;
0.2;?;Amir to Khawaja, no run short and outside off, seaming away with extra lift, Khawaja swishes and gets beaten;
0.1;?;Amir to Khawaja, no run nice and full, bends in just outside off, Khawaja sits back and shoulders arms;

2.55pm: Afridi gets Pakistan into a huddle. The World No.1 T20I batsman Finch is back to open; Khawaja his partner. Watson has been dropped down the order. Do wait for Wahab v Watson, part two. Here is a recap of part 1: Wahab v Watson, the fury and the folly
Amir takes the new ball. Malik has a word with the quick. If my memory is right, Amir nipped out Warner, Clarke, and Mitch J in the 2010 T20 World Cup. He has grown out of an ordeal, and still has the skill. Let's roll.
Saima Karim: "Wish Shane Watson good luck. Thank you Champ for good game. Much love from Pakistan"
2.50pm: Time for the national anthems.
Some support for Pakistan in the stands. Can they stay alive?
Azam: "Afridi's retiring decision is as unpredictable as his batting."
Srikanth: "Just curious to know how many times Afridi retired till date?:)" --- I've lost track
Toss, 2.30pm: Afridi and Smith walk out. Australia win the toss and choose to bat, in Mohali.
Steven Smith, Australia captain: "Big couple of games coming up. We have two changes. Finch in for Mitch Marsh. Hazlewood for Hastings.
Shahid Afridi, (un)retiring Pakistan captain: I think batting first is good idea, but does not matter. Today's match is more important for us. The boys know the importance of this game. Mohammad Irfan is resting. Wahab is back. I haven't taken any decision [on the retirement]. I will do it in front of my nation.
Ali Cheema: "Shahid Afridi's career and drama associated with it continues :)"
Australia XI: U Khawaja, A Finch, D Warner, S Smith, S Watson, G Maxwell, J Faulkner, P Nevill, A Zampa, N Coulter-Nile, J Hazlewood
Pakistan XI: A Shehzad, S Khan, K Latif, U Akmal, S Malik, S Ahmed, S Afridi, I Wasim, M Amir, Wahab Riaz, M Sami
Will he? Won't he? It continues...
Happy: "Big toss to win for Aussies. Pakistan are vulnerable while chasing."
Kashi2052: "Afridi isn't retraining Yes! Yes! Yes! He Hasn't taken any decision :)"
Dr. Tam: "Whats the pitch like??" --- There is a bit of grass in the pitch. It is only here to bind the pitch. Overall, a good pitch, Aussie-kind surface, says Wasim Akram in the pitch report. There won't be much swing.
Vinamr: "Wahab, how about a WC2015 repeat performance? Those bouncers to Watson."
Kashi2052: "Afridi Scored 28 at his T20i Debut at SR of 280.00 can we see him score his last 50 or 100 at SR of 360.99"
Nathan : "Who remembers when Watto finally got his first test century when Pakistani bowler Abdul Rauf dropped him on 99. All the best Watson you legend "
Khan: "Can Afridi open with Sharjeel?"
Prasanna S: "Today you have been very generous in showing many reader comments. Not sure if I have seen this many before the start of the game, think Afridi and Watson retirements have to do with it. But still thanks for that." --- Cheers
John Lynch: "Favourite memory of Watto? Must be one of those LBW reviews ... but which one?"
2.20pm: Australia v Pakistan at WT20s. Mike Hussey produced gems in 2010 and 2012. They have him this time around as well, in a different role as a coaching consultant. Mel Farrell caught up with Hussey.
Kushal: "Battle between batting heavyweights Australia and bowling heavyweights Pakistan. "
Manoj: "Afridi is my last childhood memory cricketer.... Will miss boom boom"
Kushal (India): "I really hope we see Khawaja + Warner opening today! Fireworks..."
Faraz: "Pakistan should drop Ahmed Shahzad and bring Nawaz in and open with Sharjeel and Sarfaraz"
Anil: "Great to see Afridi and Watson shaking hands and smiling. But cricket wouldn't be the same without them after this tournament :("
Akshat: "Afridi wont unretire again.. I may be wrong as I also said the same thing the last time"
Anudeep: "My Watson favourite memory is his scoring against bangladesh. He scored 185 of 96 balls with 15 fours and 15 sixes. He was in absolute form at that particular time "
Toss in ten minutes
Maddy M: "Watson vs Wahab 2015 World Cup was one among the unforgettable memories..." Can we have part two today?
Kashi2052: "Who will be the lucky Guy to Take Down #Watson & #BoomBoom for 1 last time ? any guesses ? Watson b Afridi & Afridi b Watson who's in for it ?"
Farhad Aslam: "Afridi has played his last Test and ODI against Australia, let's hope that in T20 he finds a different opponent." --- For that, Pakistan will have to make the knockouts, or Afridi will have to unretire
2.10pm: And Shane Watson has announced his international retirement? Dan Bretting pays tribute to the allrounder: A great in limited-overs cricket.
What's your favourite memory of Watson's 14-year international career? Tell us at fanfare@cricinfo.com
Prasanna S: "Sad to see Pak cricket in tatters. I don't think they did that worse in this tournament, but coach Waqar's comments made it look like that. Hopefully that fires up the team."
Akash_Grg: "Amir show your magic!. C'mon"
TannyBoy: "Babar Azam is a big miss for Pak. What an exciting talent."
Nithin: "It is time to bring in the former captain and No.1 T20 batsman."
Syed Murtaza Ha: "I hope Shahid Afirdi marks his farewell with a world record like he did at the time of his arrival. "
2pm: Pakistan are in (familiar) shambles. Their coach Waqar Younis has said Pakistan aren't "good enough" once twice three times four times in an eight-minute presser. There are talks of disunity in the side. "The thing about Pakistan cricket, though, is miracles can happen," points out Sid Monga. If they need some inspiration, on this day, 24 years earlier, the Cornered Tigers savaged England.
Ali Cheema: "Nawaz in for Khalid Latif.. It will strengthen the bowling and will not affect the batting of Pakistan"
Jawad: "Pakistan Should play Nawaz Today. Also Malik should be given bowl. Australians are not the strongest against spin."
Abdul Khabir: "Pakistani openers must come out firing. Can Sharjeel do it again and get support?"
Tannyboy: "I believe in miracles. Pakistan can qualify for the semis."
Manoj: "Can Pak open with Afridi for old times' sake. Hope Afridi finishes in Boom Boom style." --- You never know, he may unretire
Manoj: "Will Warner open today and Watson in the middle order ?" --- Captain Steven Smith has said that 'Adaptable' Watson may not open. Will Finch get a recall?
Talal Dar: "Shahid Afridi played his last Test against Australia, last ODI against Australia, last T20 also against Australia? I hope not. "
1.45pm Afternoon, everyone. Buckle up. The World Twenty20 is hurtling towards the business end. Pakistan, after all the chaos, are still alive, though only just. Their only chance of qualification is to win big today, lift their run rate, and hope India lose to Australia. A Pakistan loss, on the other hand, would set up a virtual quarter-final showdown between India and Australia.
Even if Australia lose today, they can take it to a run-rate scenario by beating India. It's complicated like Ross and Rachel. Well, win, and win big, seems much simpler(I am at poor at math)
Time to cede the stage to the statsmen. Group 2 Qualification scenarios.
sundeep: "Australia have been erratic, they will have to lift themselves up for this."
Srinu potnuru: "A win for Pakistan will make things exciting in this group."
umair: "Pakistan should go and attack with spin. Imad and Nawaz should play."
Binod: "I am being impatient here in nepal, waiting for the match to start. Such an important match, this. #expecting_a_thriller"
 Innings Start
6.45pm: Will he? Won't he? I shall leave you with Nagraj's cracking interview of Afridi. Will Luke is awaiting your company for the SA-WI clash. This is Deivarayan Muthu signing off on the behalf of Venkat Raghav. Thanks for your company and comments. Cheers!
6:40pm: Thanks to Wasim Akram for great support on the field and off the field, Afridi tells Star Sports. Chants of "Lala, Lala" ring around the PCA Stadium.
6:20pm: Afridi is deflated in the dug-out. He now shakes hands with Sami, Malik, and Australia. Finch exchanges a smile with Pakistan's captain. Watson, meanwhile, waves to the crowd.
Sharjeel hurtled off the blocks quickly, Latif and Malik made contrasting forties. But Zampa and Faulkner handed the knockout blow. Pakistan were never really in control of the asking rate throughout the chase of 194. There was no Afridi miracle. They ultimately fell short by 21 runs, which sets up a virtual quarter-final showdown between India and Australia.
Presentation:
Faulkner, Man of the Match: "I was lucky there at the end. More importantly, we are back on track. We have played well all summer back home. We showed what we can do with the bat. Looking forward to the next game against India, who are a tough opponent at home. We should be up for the challenge.
Smith: It all came together. We have not played to potential in the [first] two games. Today was quite a clinical performance. Yeah, I thought Warner was hitting well. He needed to face more balls. Finchy looked good for a start. Zampa has bowled beautifully. He reads the batsmen well, and is really smart, which is great for Australia. Tomorrow will be about resting, we will be back in two days.
Akbar: "So is he or is he not?"
Afridi: First of all, I want to congratulate Australia. Honestly, we were not good enough. The last four overs, we gave 40 runs. When I go back home, in the first 4-5 days I will make the decision[on the retirement]. I will announce it in my country. Whatever is better for the country, I will go with that. I will see my form. There is pressure, media pressure. As a player, I am fit. As a captain, I am not fit. I have enjoyed my captaincy. The team management, selection committee, and Shahryar Khan have helped me out. I want to thank people from Calcutta. I thank people who came and supported us from Pakistan and Kashmir. Thanks to the BCCI.
Rohit: "4 wickets in last 6 balls for FAULKNER..."
Rao: "MOM - without doubt is Faulkner"
Rohit: "It was heartbreaking to see Afridi so disconsolate. He looked crushed. "
Venkatesh: "Looking at the 'Photos' in the side bar - "Shahid Afridi plays one into the off side,..." - this must be one of the rare photos, normally you see the ball sailing in the air when Afridi hits them out"
19.6;2;Faulkner to Malik, 2 runs Look at Warner's commitment. He sprints to his right again from long-on. He dives full length and parries the ball to the man running to his left from deep midwicket. Length ball as Malik steps out and bashes it. Pakistan are out of the tournament;
19.5;1;Faulkner to Sami, 1 run short on the hips, deflected to the leg side;
19.4;4;Faulkner to Sami, FOUR runs length and outside off, Sami clouts it over cow corner. Warner hurtles to his right from long-on, slides, but the ball eludes his reach;
19.3;1;Faulkner to Malik, 1 run picked away off the hips behind square on the leg side;
19.2;W;Faulkner to Wahab Riaz, OUT Make that a five-for, the first in this tournament! Afridi can't watch this in the dug out. He has his head down with his eyes closed. Wahab swings and sends a top edge to short third man;Wahab Riaz c Hazlewood b Faulkner 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
19.1;W;Faulkner to Sarfaraz, OUT Faulkner gets his fourth! Sarfraz attempts a reverse sweep against a back of the hand slower ball. He can only spoon a catch to backward point (or square leg if you'd like?;Sarfaraz Ahmed c Khawaja b Faulkner 2 (6m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
18.6;4;Coulter-Nile to Malik, FOUR runs off-stump full toss, which is sliced away to the deep point boundary;
18.5;6;Coulter-Nile to Malik, SIX runs full length on middle, misses the yorker. Lifted straight down the ground for six;
18.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Sarfaraz, 1 run;
18.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Malik, 1 run too full and outside off, Malik lofts it in the air... Smith sprints from long-off, plunges forward, but the ball drops just in front of him;
18.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Sarfaraz, 1 run full toss following the batsman, who was backing away. Hacked to cover;
18.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Malik, 1 run short and outside off, flat batted to long-off;
17.6;1;Faulkner to Malik, 1 run Malik uses his feet, Faulkner slips in another of those slower balls. This is wide outside off. The batsman reaches out and cuts to sweeper cover;
17.5;2;Faulkner to Malik, 2 runs short and on the hips, pulled away to deep square leg for two;
17.4;W;Faulkner to Imad Wasim, OUT The back-of-the-hand slower ball does the damage again. Back of a length and turning away outside off, Imad Wasim throws his bat at it and skews it in the air. NCN runs across from cover and pouches it;Imad Wasim c Coulter-Nile b Faulkner 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
17.3;W;Faulkner to Khalid Latif, OUT third time's the charm. Back of the hand slower ball on middle, Latif swings early to the leg side and does not connect. Faulkner hits the timber and lets out a roar;Khalid Latif b Faulkner 46 (64m 41b 4x4 1x6) SR: 112.19;
17.2;1;Faulkner to Malik, 1 run another slower one from the back of the hand, sliced to short third man from a fourth-stump line;
17.1;1;Faulkner to Khalid Latif, 1 run back of the hand slower ball on the hips, pulled to Finch who is manning the square leg boundary;
16.6;1;Watson to Khalid Latif, 1 run yorker on middle and off, clipped out to deep midwicket;
16.5;1;Watson to Malik, 1 run pretty full on off, slogged to long-on;
16.4;4;Watson to Malik, FOUR runs banged in short and outside off, hooks and top-edges it over vacant slips. Watto has a wry smile;
16.3;2;Watson to Malik, 2 runs yorker aimed at the base of middle, squeezed to midwicket. They hare across for two;
16.2;1;Watson to Khalid Latif, 1 run overpitched on off, slammed to long-on;
16.1;1;Watson to Malik, 1 run yorker on off, Malik hangs back and belts it to long-off;
15.6;1;Zampa to Malik, 1 run Malik uses his feet again, this is speared at just under 100ks, played back to the bowler;
15.5;1;Zampa to Khalid Latif, 1 run down the track again, Zampa drags his length back and fires it. Check pushed to the off side;
15.4;?;Zampa to Khalid Latif, no run Latif comes down the track, this full toss is smeared to cover;
15.3;1;Zampa to Malik, 1 run Malik steps out, yorks himself, and jabs to long-on;
15.2;6;Zampa to Malik, SIX runs Malik smokes it over long-off. He flies down the track to this flighted delivery and launches it down the ground;
15.1;1;Zampa to Khalid Latif, 1 run Latif dances out, gets a full toss, and shovels it in front of Warner at long-on;
14.6;1;Hazlewood to Khalid Latif, 1 run back of a length on off, slogged off the back foot to deep midwicket. Din't look pretty;
14.5;1;Hazlewood to Malik, 1 run off-stump yorker, top ball, dug out to long-on;
14.4;2;Hazlewood to Malik, 2 runs short and on top of middle and off, Malik smartly late-cuts to third man;
14.3;1;Hazlewood to Khalid Latif, 1 run length ball on off, Latif is deep in the crease, as he drags to deep midwicket. Off the inside half;
14.2;4;Hazlewood to Khalid Latif, FOUR runs full and wide outside off, Latif reaches out and carves it in the air. Up and over cover;
14.1;2;Hazlewood to Khalid Latif, 2 runs low full toss outside off, which is squeezed to deep cover;
13.6;1;Zampa to Khalid Latif, 1 run Latif steps out and yorks himself. This is dug out to cover;
13.5;1;Zampa to Malik, 1 run chopped from off stump to point;
13.4;1;Zampa to Khalid Latif, 1 run down the track, adjusts, and guides it to point;
13.3;1;Zampa to Malik, 1 run short on off, slapped to long-on;
13.2;W;Zampa to Afridi, OUT Six and out, sums up Afridi! He ventures down the track again. The legspinner retorts. He darts it flatter and wider outside off. Turns away with bounce. Afridi can't reach and connect. Nevill does the rest. Is that Afridi's final innings for Pakistan?;Shahid Afridi st ?Nevill b Zampa 14 (11m 7b 0x4 2x6) SR: 200;
13.1;6;Zampa to Afridi, SIX runs Massive, massive six! Looped up on middle, Afridi likes it. He dances out and sends it soaring straight down the ground;
12.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Khalid Latif, no run back of a length and rushes on at 139ks, shapes to pull again. He can only skewer it in front of point;
12.5;4;Coulter-Nile to Khalid Latif, FOUR runs short and outside off, Latif takes it from there, and muscles a pull to the midwicket boundary. Square leg had no chance as well;
12.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Afridi, 1 run quick short ball on off, Afridi aims to hook and skies a top edge over square leg;
12.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Afridi, no run bouncer, 139ks, Afridi ducks under it;
12.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Khalid Latif, 1 run similar ball, this is flat batted down the ground;
12.1;4;Coulter-Nile to Khalid Latif, FOUR runs back of a length and outside off, swatted away with the wrists over the leaping midwicket fielder;
11.6;6;Maxwell to Afridi, SIX runs Afridi jumps outside leg and pastes a six. Maxi chases the batsman with a full ball, which is lofted into the stands beyond long-on;
11.5;1;Maxwell to Khalid Latif, 1 run slid across off, down the track, adjusts and jabs to off;
11.4;?;Maxwell to Khalid Latif, no run full on middle, goes for a sweep and tickles it onto the pad via a toe end;
11.3;?;Maxwell to Khalid Latif, no run Latif comes out, gets a shortish ball, and hits it back, Maxi dives full length to his right and stops it;
11.2;?;Maxwell to Khalid Latif, no run flat on off from round the wicket, bunted back to the bowler;
11.1;?;Maxwell to Khalid Latif, no run dangled up outside off, Latif reverse sweeps and misses;
10.6;1;Zampa to Khalid Latif, 1 run Latif comes down the track now, and secures a single down the ground;
10.5;1;Zampa to Afridi, 1 run down the track and drilled to long-off;
10.4;?;Zampa to Afridi, no run poked into the covers;
10.3;W;Zampa to Umar Akmal, OUT bowled'em. Zampa gives this plenty of air, it dips and hits the stumps. Umar drops to one knee for a slog sweep, but does not make contact. Nice change up in pace and flight, the middle stump is pushed back;Umar Akmal b Zampa 32 (20m 20b 3x4 1x6) SR: 160;
10.2;2;Zampa to Umar Akmal, 2 runs caressed to long-off, Zampa does not gather the ball, and they get two;
10.1;4;Zampa to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs just drops in front of the on-rushing deep midwicket fielder. Flat and quick, Umar pulls it in the air. Maxi runs in, attacks the ball, but it dies in front of him, and the ball goes for four;
9.6;1;Maxwell to Umar Akmal, 1 run worked off the pads, with soft hands, behind square on the leg side;
9.5;1;Maxwell to Khalid Latif, 1 run slider on off, punched to long-off;
9.4;1;Maxwell to Umar Akmal, 1 run Umar goes deep in the crease and whips an off-stump ball through midwicket;
9.3;1;Maxwell to Khalid Latif, 1 run short on off, camps back and punches a single to long-on;
9.2;1;Maxwell to Umar Akmal, 1 run fired across off from round the wicket, Umar aims a cut and edges it fine past the keeper;
9.1;1;Maxwell to Khalid Latif, 1 run full and straight, smartly placed through backward square leg;
8.6;?;Faulkner to Umar Akmal, no run short on off, Umar gets forward and jabs it back to the bowler off the inside half of the bat;
8.5;1b;Faulkner to Khalid Latif, 1 bye Faulkner pulls pace off this outside off and beats the batsman, they pinch a bye;
8.4;6;Faulkner to Khalid Latif, SIX runs too full and around off, right in the slot. Latif clears his front leg, unleashes a clean, powerful swing and sends it sailing over long-on;
8.3;1;Faulkner to Umar Akmal, 1 run dipping full toss on off, leading edge drops in front of cover;
8.2;2;Faulkner to Umar Akmal, 2 runs back of a length on middle, Umar thrashes it away to the leg side, Khawaja dives to his left from deep square leg, loses grip of the ball, tumbles and kicks it to the boundary. That looks a four to me. The TV umpire disagrees. Nonetheless, good commitment from Khawaja;
8.1;1;Faulkner to Khalid Latif, 1 run back of a length on off, pulled through backward square leg;
7.6;?;Zampa to Umar Akmal, no run faster one outside off, chopped behind square on off;
7.5;1;Zampa to Khalid Latif, 1 run use of the feet again, smooth push to long-off. This was tossed on middle;
7.4;1;Zampa to Umar Akmal, 1 run down the track and driven down to long-off;
7.3;?;Zampa to Umar Akmal, no run another flat dart outside off, Umar now chops to point;
7.2;1;Zampa to Khalid Latif, 1 run slides on outside off, chopped to deep cover;
7.1;1;Zampa to Umar Akmal, 1 run skiddy flat ball on middle, punched out to long-on;
6.6;1;Watson to Umar Akmal, 1 run better short ball on off, Umar rolls his wrists and pulls it in front of square;
6.5;4;Watson to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs length and outside off, Umar beats mid-off to his right, this rocketed away. Drilled it with great authority;
6.4;4;Watson to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs Umar dances out again, Watson shortens his length, Umar, however, puts it away to the midwicket boundary. Pulled away!;
6.3;2;Watson to Umar Akmal, 2 runs Akmal races down the track, gets a full toss, which is dragged to cow corner. Warner flings full length to his right from long-on. It was Faulkner who cleaned it up;
6.2;6;Watson to Umar Akmal, SIX runs length ball at 125ks, angled in, on middle, Umar lustily clubs it over midwicket. Right off the middle;
6.1;?;Watson to Umar Akmal, no run Akmal aims to step out, Watson bowls it a bit short on off, defended quitely to cover;
5.6;?;Faulkner to Khalid Latif, no run short and wide outside off, Umar cuts firmly but finds cover point. Pakistan can't afford many dots;
5.5;?;Faulkner to Khalid Latif, no run back of a length, cracked to mid-off;
5.4;1;Faulkner to Umar Akmal, 1 run length and angled away outside off, caressed to the covers on the front foot;
5.3;W;Faulkner to Sharjeel, OUT Sharjeel's joyride is over! Again not all that short, but Sharjeel is tempted into that big pull. He goes hard and can only drag it on to his leg stump off a thickish inside edge. And the required rate has shot to 10.62;Sharjeel Khan b Faulkner 30 (23m 19b 6x4 0x6) SR: 157.89;
5.2;?;Faulkner to Sharjeel, no run length ball on off, forward and played up to cover;
5.1;4;Faulkner to Sharjeel, FOUR runs and Sharjeel says "hello" with a short-arm pull. Back of a the hand slower ball on off, hit away to the square-leg boundary;
4.6;?;Hazlewood to Khalid Latif, no run shortish and on middle, this barely rises stump high, Latif slogs, still can't lay bat on ball;
4.5;?;Hazlewood to Khalid Latif, no run zips through outside off on a shortish length, swing and a miss;
4.4;2;Hazlewood to Khalid Latif, 2 runs back of a length and outside off, clubbed to the left of deep midwicket. Finch slides and keeps it to two;
4.3;4;Hazlewood to Khalid Latif, FOUR runs back of a length and outside off, Latif pulls, forcing the non-striker to duck for cover. Shovelled away;
4.2;?;Hazlewood to Khalid Latif, no run short on off at 132ks, hooks and misses, takes a blow on the thigh;
4.1;?;Hazlewood to Khalid Latif, no run back of a length and comes in, punched weakly to short cover;
3.6;2;Coulter-Nile to Sharjeel, 2 runs slogged from outside off to deep midwicket. Sharjeel isn't holding back;
3.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Sharjeel, no run back of a length and angled into the hips, goes for a pull and takes it on the thigh. Offcutter from NCN;
3.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Sharjeel, no run shortish and outside off, punched straight to backward point;
3.3;4;Coulter-Nile to Sharjeel, FOUR runs back of a length and outside off, not all that short, cudgels it to the cow corner boundary;
3.2;2;Coulter-Nile to Sharjeel, 2 runs tickled off the hips to short fine leg, half-save from Hazlewood;
3.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Khalid Latif, 1 run short and skiddy on off, fended to square leg;
2.6;1;Hazlewood to Khalid Latif, 1 run helped off the pads behind square;
2.5;W;Hazlewood to Shehzad, OUT Shehzad swings now, top-edges it into the hands of NCN at mid-off, just behind the bowler. Head-high clasp Back of a length and angled in around off, Shehzad targets the leg side with an ambitious slog and makes a mess of it. He ends up offering a skier;Ahmed Shehzad c Coulter-Nile b Hazlewood 1 (12m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 16.66;
2.4;1;Hazlewood to Sharjeel, 1 run back of a length and outside off, Sharjeel loves the pull. Dragged to midwicket;
2.3;4;Hazlewood to Sharjeel, FOUR runs fractionally short and outside off, Sharjeel swings his hands through a pull and pings the midwicket fence. It was not short enough to test the opener;
2.2;1;Hazlewood to Shehzad, 1 run back of a length and angled in, clears his front leg and swipes it to deep backward square leg;
2.1;?;Hazlewood to Shehzad, no run short and kicks up outside off, chopped to point;
1.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Sharjeel, no run full and angled away outside off, Sharjeel chases and does not make contact;
1.5;4;Coulter-Nile to Sharjeel, FOUR runs overpitched and outside off, 150ks, Sharjeel does not care. He slaps it over the bowler's head;
1.4;4;Coulter-Nile to Sharjeel, FOUR runs hint of width outside off, Sharjeel dismisses it behind square on off, beats third man as well with a cut. Afridi applauds from the dug out;
1.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Sharjeel, no run not all that short and outside off, Sharjeel aims a pull and fails to connect. Perhaps, the left-hander was late on it;
1.2;4;Coulter-Nile to Sharjeel, FOUR runs NCN drags it short and wide outside off, lashed away wide of third man, Khawaja can't cut that off, despite the slide;
1.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Sharjeel, no run full and cuts in sharply, Sharjeel stays back and jams his bat down on it;
0.6;?;Hazlewood to Shehzad, no run back of a length and some extra bounce outside off, another swish and a miss;
0.5;?;Hazlewood to Shehzad, no run length and angled in, the opener presses forward and pokes it back;
0.4;?;Hazlewood to Shehzad, no run full and wide outside off, swings away a bit, Shehzad's swing is bigger. Beaten;
0.3;1;Hazlewood to Sharjeel, 1 run back of a length and attacking the stumps, this is run away to third man;
0.2;?;Hazlewood to Sharjeel, no run straight in line, back of a length, blocked to cover;
0.2;1w;Hazlewood to Sharjeel, 1 wide this is too wide outside off, Sharjeel is crease bound as he chases and does not make contact;
0.1;?;Hazlewood to Sharjeel, no run length and angled away outside off from over the wicket, left alone. Encouraging carry to the keeper;

4.45pm Hello again. The first half was fun, though Wahab v Watson part two was a little dud. Australia disperse from a huddle, following which Sharjeel and Shehzad stride out. Hazlewood takes the new ball. He had earlier taken a hat-trick in an warm-up match. A slip in place.
Muhammad Asim: "Openers Must Score 60+ in first 6 overs if they want to chase it down " --- And they need an Afridi miracle.
 Innings Start
Australia
Pakistan
26th Match, Super 10 Group 2 (D/N), Mohali, Mar 25 2016, World T20
193/4
172/8
Player of the match is James Faulkner, AUS
Australia won by 21 runs
