Data
Langer shakes hands with everyone, Strauss patting him on the back a few times, and the Australian team run onto the pitch to soak up the party atmosphere and get the celebrations starting after a crushing, emphatic victory. A swarm of photographers crowd round a teary Langer and he smiles, now Gilchrist hugs him, now Lee. Lots of emotions out there, now it's Symonds giving him a hug. McGrath's turn, the two retirees share an embrace. Hussey this time. Warne and Langer now. Well done everyone.
A stony-faced Flintoff (well, stony by his standards) takes his players off the pitch. Australia of course stay on - this is their moment.
Langer now takes his bat and raises it to the jubilant crowd, while Hayden puts an arm round his shoulders. McGrath claps his hands above his head to acknowledge the crowd. Warne doffs his cap and waves a stump around. Ponting now takes his turn to tousle Langer's hair.
"No dry eye in the house," says Lee as McGrath steals the limelight behind him, raising his two children, James and Holly, aloft. "It's been an amazing series," says McGrath. "I don't think we've ever played as well team-wise." Warne's three children are now on the pitch, as well. The Warnes and the McGraths gather now for a family shot.
Open tears now for a red-eyed Langer, who's taking a moment to reflect on a great Test career.
Ian Healy collars Warne now. "Pretty excited, actually!" chirps Warne as if he's somehow surprised. "Aw, look, it's been fantastic. To finish off 5-0, sensational."
And on McGrath's 5-0 prediction, he says: "If he keeps saying it, he's got to get it right once, I suppose." Big reception for him now from all the crowd.
Langer tells Mark Taylor: "To win 5-0 it cannot get any better than that." And he has this message for everyone: "It's been a privilege."
Stuart Clark wins the Man of the Match and he's "enjoyed every minute of it." Ricky Ponting is the Man of the Series. He wins a crystal trophy and the Compton-Miller medal. "It's a great honour. It's been pretty emotional."
Andrew Flintoff called to the podium. He looks embarrassed. "I'd like to congratulate Ricky Ponting and his team," he says, monotone, but then picks up the tone a bit when congratulating Warne, Langer and McGrath and gives his heartfelt thanks. "They've never given up," he says of the England team and they clap weakly. He then thanks "the Barmy Army and every English fan out here."
Ponting's body language an understandable contrast and he jogs back and positively leaps up to the podium to collect the Ashes. He congratulates everyone, including the coach John Buchanan, who raises his hat.
Well, as Australia's celebrations begin, it's time to say goodbye from us. That's it from me (Jenny) and Martin Williamson - and an honorary mention for our fellow commentator Will Luke. Thanks very much for joining us and for all of your emails; hope you've enjoyed it.
10.5;1;Mahmood to Hayden, 1 run that's it! It's all over! Hayden drives that into the covers and raises his arms and his pink-handled bat immediately in celebration;
10.4;6;Mahmood to Hayden, SIX runs scorching shot to bring the scores level - Hayden merely lifts that up and over cow corner - saw it early and smashed it, lovely. The two batsmen meet in the middle and congratulate each other;
10.3;?;Mahmood to Hayden, no run pushed up there and that's defended with a push into the on-side;
10.2;?;Mahmood to Hayden, no run that one swings a touch away from the left hander who judges well in leaving it;
10.1;?;Mahmood to Hayden, no run left alone outside off and that rushes through to Read;
9.6;1;Harmison to Hayden, 1 run tucked off the legs behind square;
9.5;1;Harmison to Langer, 1 run digs it in short on the middle and leg and pulled away behind square;
9.4;1;Harmison to Hayden, 1 run short, straying a touch on to leg and that's pulled round without much power to square;
9.3;?;Harmison to Hayden, no run that one springs away wide and that's left alone, with a big shouldering of arms;
9.2;1;Harmison to Langer, 1 run tucked off the legs to Panesar who's down inside the 45 boundary;
9.1;1;Harmison to Hayden, 1 run worked off the legs to square;
8.6;2;Mahmood to Langer, 2 runs timed off the back foot behind point;
8.5;?;Mahmood to Langer, no run pulls out of an attempted hook as he realised the length was too good;
8.4;4;Mahmood to Langer, FOUR runs short, wideish and Langer makes no mistake, absolutely larruping that one off the back foot behind point;
8.3;1;Mahmood to Hayden, 1 run defended off the back foot into the leg side;
8.2;4;Mahmood to Hayden, FOUR runs that's big - Hayden opens his shoulders and aerially drives that straight and high, but bounces just inside the boundary;
8.1;?;Mahmood to Hayden, no run;
7.6;?;Harmison to Langer, no run left alone;
7.5;2lb;Harmison to Langer, 2 leg byes worked behind square;
7.4;?;Harmison to Langer, no run chases that one down leg;

Merv Hughes spotted on the balcony with an ever-impressive moustache. Where's the Merv doll?
 Innings Start
England
Australia
5th Test, Sydney, Jan 2 - 5 2007, England tour of Australia
291 &
393 &
Player of the match is Stuart Clark, AUS
Australia won by 10 wickets
