Data
Pradeep: "Jadeja + Bumrah + Ishant - 30 overs, 146 runs, 4 wickets. Remaining Bowlers - 20 overs, 184 runs, 3 wickets.. As Dhoni says India need one good seaming all-rounder and 1 fast bowler to fill those 20 overs.."
Aditya: "Brilliant death bowling by Ishant and Bumrah . They definitely saved 15-20 runs in the last 2 overs ."
6.07pm Australia's middle order came into the spotlight after India had them at 117 for 4, before centuries from David Warner and Mitchell Marsh made it yet another 300-plus first-innings total. For India, Jasprit Bumrah made an excellent debut, a brilliant effort to pick up 2 for 40 on a day when Australia scored 330, while Umesh Yadav had a shocker. This is a flat pitch, but also a little slow - the slower balls have been hard to put away when well-directed - and India will need a big effort from their top order to be able to chase this. Nikhil Kalro will return for the first half of India's innings. See you soon.
49.6;1;Sharma to Marsh, 1 run yorker on middle and leg, clipped away towards square leg;
49.5;?;Sharma to Marsh, no run and again, another excellent slower ball that follows Marsh's movement away from leg stump. Through that big swipe too quickly and it hits him on the body again;
49.4;?;Sharma to Marsh, no run slower ball angling down leg, following Marsh who was backing away to make room. Goes down on one knee to give it the big yahoo and misses, and the ball smacks him in the box;
49.3;2;Sharma to Marsh, 2 runs now he shuffles across to the full ball outside off and clips it away to the right of deep midwicket, picks up three, and reaches a fantastic maiden ODI hundred;
49.2;?;Sharma to Marsh, no run back of a length, angling into middle stump. Dug it in with extra effort and it was past Marsh and over the stumps before he could bring his bat down to pull. Wasn't short enough for that;
49.1;1lb;Sharma to Hastings, 1 leg bye length ball angling into the pads. Doesn't get bat on the flick and it rolls off the outside of the pad to the left of Dhoni. Misfield from Dhoni gave them the chance for a second, but Hastings sends Marsh back;
48.6;?;Bumrah to Marsh, no run low full-toss on off stump and Marsh cannot whip it past mid-on, who has been moved into the circle. An excellent finish to a splendid 10 overs on debut;
48.5;?;Bumrah to Marsh, no run in the blockhole close to off stump, jabbed back hard to the bowler;
48.4;1;Bumrah to Hastings, 1 run slower ball outside off, Hastings defends into the off side with soft hands to bring Marsh back on strike;
48.3;1;Bumrah to Marsh, 1 run yorker close to off stump, whipped to long-on. Thinks about the second to get to his hundred, but it isn't available;
48.2;1;Bumrah to Hastings, 1 run another one in the blockhole, middle-and-off, not quite a yorker this time, and he clips it away to deep square leg;
48.1;W;Bumrah to Faulkner, OUT oh, Bumrah, what a delivery. Takes out Faulkner's off stump with a perfect yorker that the batsman plays all around;James Faulkner b Bumrah 1 (3m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
47.6;2;Yadav to Marsh, 2 runs low full-toss on leg stump, whipped towards long-on;
47.5;1;Yadav to Faulkner, 1 run full on off stump, clipped towards long-on;
47.4;?;Yadav to Faulkner, no run length ball outside off, comes forward to drive but can't get it past short cover;
47.3;W;Yadav to Wade, OUT got him. That's a fullish ball slanting away wide of off stump. Wade looked to thrash his arms through it, having taken a big step back to shorten the length, and only succeeds in top-edging to Dhoni;Matthew Wade c ?Dhoni b Yadav 36 (39m 27b 2x4 1x6) SR: 133.33;
47.2;6;Yadav to Wade, SIX runs slower ball, ends up short outside leg, and Wade clears his front leg and just helps it over the backward square leg boundary;
47.1;1;Yadav to Marsh, 1 run length ball on off stump and Marsh creates room to slap that powerfully to sweeper cover;
46.6;1;Sharma to Marsh, 1 run full and wide, driven to extra cover;
46.5;1;Sharma to Wade, 1 run very full on leg stump and he gets his front leg out of the way to drive to long-on;
46.4;1;Sharma to Marsh, 1 run another full-toss, this one was a little lower, and out comes that bottom-handed whip again. Hits Ishant's right leg in his follow through and the ricochet narrowly misses umpire Richard Kettleborough's head;
46.3;4;Sharma to Marsh, FOUR runs full-toss outside off and that is powerful. Strong bottom wrist comes into play as he powers that down the ground and beats long-off to his right;
46.2;3;Sharma to Wade, 3 runs slower ball on leg stump and he clears his front leg to pull towards deep square leg;
46.1;1;Sharma to Marsh, 1 run full and wide, stabbed to deep point;
45.6;1;R Dhawan to Marsh, 1 run full on middle stump, whipped to long-on;
45.5;4;R Dhawan to Marsh, FOUR runs slower ball, back of a length close to off stump. Marsh made a bit of room and then stayed nice and still to slap that to the cover boundary;
45.4;1;R Dhawan to Wade, 1 run wide yorker, reaches out and jabs to extra cover;
45.3;2;R Dhawan to Wade, 2 runs slower ball, full and wide, slapped away to the left of sweeper cover;
45.2;1;R Dhawan to Marsh, 1 run comes down the track and Rishi fires it at his feet. Clipped to deep midwicket;
45.1;1;R Dhawan to Wade, 1 run slower ball wide of off. Wade waits and flat-bats to long-off;
44.6;1lb;Bumrah to Wade, 1 leg bye sees him coming down the pitch and follows with a full ball at his feet. Jams down and can't get bat to it, but it hits his foot and rolls away to the right of the keeper;
44.5;?;Bumrah to Wade, no run yorker on leg stump and Wade has to pull his feet out of the way in a hurry to stab it into the on side;
44.4;1;Bumrah to Marsh, 1 run near-yorker on off stump, clipped towards long-on;
44.3;6;Bumrah to Marsh, SIX runs short, angling into off stump, and Marsh absolutely loves it there. Plants his front foot forward and pulls fiercely over the midwicket boundary;
44.2;1;Bumrah to Wade, 1 run back of a length slower ball angling away from Wade, who whips it from outside off towards square leg;
44.1;1;Bumrah to Marsh, 1 run full outside off, flat-batted to long-off;
43.6;2;R Dhawan to Wade, 2 runs full-toss wide of off stump, reaches out and pokes it away towards deep point. Was in the air for a while, and Umesh flew to his left from backward point, but that was just beyond his reach;
43.5;1;R Dhawan to Marsh, 1 run full outside off, driven to sweeper cover;
43.4;3;R Dhawan to Wade, 3 runs walks across his stumps and Rishi looks to follow him. Gets down low to lap the low full-toss over short fine leg;
43.3;4;R Dhawan to Wade, FOUR runs slower ball, short outside off. Plenty of swinging room and Wade muscles it to the midwicket boundary;
43.2;1;R Dhawan to Marsh, 1 run slower bouncer outside off. Marsh waits a long time and plays a tennis smash out to deep midwicket;
43.1;1;R Dhawan to Wade, 1 run full-toss wide of off, slower ball, reaches out and drags it to the left of sweeper cover;
42.6;1;Jadeja to Wade, 1 run down the track and Jadeja fires it in quicker, at his feet. Driven to long-on;
42.5;2;Jadeja to Wade, 2 runs sets himself up early for the sweep and laps the flighted ball outside off towards deep square leg;
42.4;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run down the track and he bowls it full and angling into his feet. Marsh gets his front leg out of the way and drives to long-off;
42.3;1;Jadeja to Wade, 1 run full on off stump, Wade plays the checked drive to long-off;
42.2;?;Jadeja to Wade, no run flat, quick, beats the attempted flick and turns down leg. Spotted Wade looking to walk across his stumps;
42.1;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run fullish on off stump, swept to deep square leg;
41.6;?;R Dhawan to Wade, no run slower ball on off stump, clipped back to the bowler;
41.5;4;R Dhawan to Wade, FOUR runs length ball wide of off stump. Wade reaches for it and gets a thick outside edge that runs away to the third man boundary;
41.4;?;R Dhawan to Wade, no run good slower ball, slanting away from off stump on a fullish length. Beats the attempted drive and rolls down to Dhoni;
41.3;1;R Dhawan to Marsh, 1 run slower ball on off stump, whipped towards long-on;
41.2;1;R Dhawan to Wade, 1 run full and wide, looking for the wide yorker. Opens his bat face, looking to steer it to the right of backward point, and Umesh dives to his right and makes a good stop;
41.1;1;R Dhawan to Marsh, 1 run length ball on off stump, punched to sweeper cover;
41.1;1w;R Dhawan to Marsh, 1 wide sees him moving across his crease and slants one full, down the leg side. Marsh misses the flick;
40.6;?;Jadeja to Wade, no run full outside off, driven to short cover;
40.5;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run length ball outside off, a bit slower, and he's a bit early into the drive, slices it towards short third man;
40.4;4;Jadeja to Marsh, FOUR runs back of a length, gives him a bit of width, and Marsh puts it away, cuts it clinically to the right of backward point;
40.3;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run full on leg stump, jabbed back to the bowler;
40.2;1;Jadeja to Wade, 1 run back of a length outside off, stabbed away towards deep point;
40.2;1w;Jadeja to Wade, 1 wide premeditates the sweep and Jadeja fires a full one past him, turns down the leg side;
40.1;?;Jadeja to Wade, no run back of a length close to off stump, not short enough for Wade to punch and it hurries past his outside edge;
39.6;2;Yadav to Marsh, 2 runs slower ball, full on leg stump, clipped to long-on;
39.5;4;Yadav to Marsh, FOUR runs long-hop, and this is just terrible bowling. Fine leg was in the circle, and deep square leg was in front of square, and he just has to swivel and put it away to the deep backward square leg boundary;
39.4;1;Yadav to Wade, 1 run back of a length on off stump, punched to deep point;
39.3;1;Yadav to Marsh, 1 run slower ball on middle stump, gets forward and lets it come on to clip to long-on;
39.2;4;Yadav to Marsh, FOUR runs length ball on off stump, and Marsh clears his front leg to make a bit more swinging room, and brings down a perfectly straight bat to drive on the up between bowler and mid-off;
39.1;2;Yadav to Marsh, 2 runs length ball angling into middle stump. Marsh gets his front pad out of the way and chips it back over the bowler's head;
38.6;?;Sharma to Wade, no run back of a length on off stump, goes back and across and blocks right under his eyes;
38.5;W;Sharma to Warner, OUT gone! That was the slower ball, back of a length on off stump, and Warner backs away to manufacture room to cut. No pace on it, and the sliced uppercut drops towards backward point, where Jadeja takes a simple catch while falling to his right;David Warner c Jadeja b Sharma 122 (171m 113b 9x4 3x6) SR: 107.96;
38.4;?;Sharma to Warner, no run low full-toss on middle stump, jabbed to mid-off;
38.3;4;Sharma to Warner, FOUR runs down the track and the attempted yorker becomes a full-toss on off stump. Makes a bit of room as he advances, and slaps it to the left and just out of reach of the diving Pandey at short cover;
38.2;1lb;Sharma to Marsh, 1 leg bye back of a length on middle stump, looked like the slower one. Too early into the pull and it hit him on the right side and rolled away into the backward point region;
38.1;1;Sharma to Warner, 1 run sees him make room and follows with the blockhole ball outside leg. Squeezed away towards short cover;
37.6;?;Bumrah to Marsh, no run low full-toss on off stump, jabbed to mid-off;
37.5;?;Bumrah to Marsh, no run back of a length, angling into middle and leg. Was the slower one again, and Marsh closed his bat face too soon, looking to work it into the leg side. Leading edge pops up into the short cover region;
37.4;1;Bumrah to Warner, 1 run slower ball on middle stump, clipped down the ground, looking for two, but long-on rushes in quickly to keep them down to one;
37.3;?;Bumrah to Warner, no run whoa. That was a high full-toss, probably not over waist high, but it caught Warner off-guard, and he lost balance as he looked to swat it away into the leg side, and lost his grip on his bat handle too. Warner falls to the floor, bat goes flying away into the slip region;
37.2;2;Bumrah to Warner, 2 runs Warner comes down the track, making a bit of room, and Bumrah goes full and wide. Warner jams down on the ball and squeezes it out towards third man;
37.1;1;Bumrah to Marsh, 1 run length ball on off stump, gets forward for the checked push down the ground to the right of mid-off, and brings up his half-century;
36.6;?;Sharma to Warner, no run back of a length on middle stump. Makes a bit of room and punches to short cover;
36.5;6;Sharma to Warner, SIX runs length ball on off stump and Warner dismisses it. Clears his front leg and swings through the line, back over the bowler's head and clears the straight boundary as well;
36.4;2;Sharma to Warner, 2 runs fullish outside off and Warner shuffes across to clip it elegantly to the left of long-on;
36.3;1;Sharma to Marsh, 1 run length ball outside off, driven on the up to the left of the diving Pandey at short cover;
36.2;1;Sharma to Warner, 1 run back of a length on off stump, no width for the cut and he chops it down a short distance from him, into the off side;
36.1;4;Sharma to Warner, FOUR runs length ball on off stump and that is a spectacular shot. Makes a bit of room and uses his wrists to take it on top of the bounce and flay it away between mid-off and extra cover;
35.6;2;Bumrah to Marsh, 2 runs bouncer, Marsh keeps the hook down well, took it from around head height and played it down towards deep backward square leg;
35.5;?;Bumrah to Marsh, no run back of a length, angling into off stump. Marsh is cramped for room a little, ends up jabbing it towards mid-off;
35.4;1;Bumrah to Warner, 1 run fuller and straighter now, driven back down the ground and it deflects off the stumps towards mid-on;
35.3;2;Bumrah to Warner, 2 runs back of a length close to off stump. Warner lets it come on and chops it crisply to the left of third man. Takes the first run quickly, and he completes the second comfortably enough to break into his usual leaping century celebration. This has been another excellent innings. He's paced it so well and Australia are in a very good position despite those wickets lost;
35.2;?;Bumrah to Warner, no run back of a length outside off. Another slower one and it doesn't come on for the cut. Slaps to that man Pandey at short cover;
35.1;?;Bumrah to Warner, no run slower ball outside off, can't time his drive and short cover moves in quickly to stop it;
34.6;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run fullish on middle stump, blocked towards short extra cover;
34.5;1;Jadeja to Warner, 1 run shortish, turns down leg, Warner pulls to deep square leg;
34.4;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run fullish outside off, flat-batted towards sweeper cover;
34.3;1;Jadeja to Warner, 1 run full on off and middle, clipped to long-on;
34.2;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run looks to sweep but it slides on and hits his back thigh. Appeal for lbw but it was missing leg stump;
34.1;2;Jadeja to Marsh, 2 runs tossed up on middle stump, chipped cleverly over the bowler's head to pick up two. Long-on has quite a bit of distance to cover to his left;
33.6;?;Bumrah to Warner, no run a touch shorter, hurries on as Warner looks to pull from outside off, can only hit it to mid-on;
33.5;?;Bumrah to Warner, no run back of a length close to off stump, punched back to the bowler;
33.4;?;Bumrah to Warner, no run back of a length on off stump, goes back and tucks it to midwicket;
33.3;?;Bumrah to Warner, no run fullish on off and middle, punched to midwicket;
33.2;1;Bumrah to Marsh, 1 run length ball on off and middle and Marsh is a little late on his defensive push. The ball ricochets off the inside edge through square leg;
33.1;1;Bumrah to Warner, 1 run length ball on off stump, punched down the ground and Ishant moves to his left from mid-off to stop it;
32.6;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run back of a length on off stump, punched to short cover;
32.5;1;Jadeja to Warner, 1 run a bit slower, and the line is a bit closer to the pads. Warner can work it squarer this time to pick up a single to the deep square leg fielder;
32.4;?;Jadeja to Warner, no run once again it's quick and full on off stump and once again Pandey moves quickly to his left at midwicket to rule out the single;
32.3;?;Jadeja to Warner, no run full on off and middle, clipped to midwicket;
32.2;?;Jadeja to Warner, no run full on off stump, and now Jadeja cuts it off by moving quickly to his left. Warner was looking for the driven single to long-on;
32.1;?;Jadeja to Warner, no run flat and full on middle and leg. Warner goes back and across to work it into the leg side and Pandey dives to his left to stop it at midwicket;
31.6;1;Yadav to Warner, 1 run back of a length on off stump, punched to deep point;
31.5;1;Yadav to Marsh, 1 run short again, this one gets up to chest height, Marsh stands tall and pulls to deep square leg;
31.4;4;Yadav to Marsh, FOUR runs slower ball wide of off stump, that is just too much width. Marsh sets himself up on the front foot, gets into a strong, stable position and rolls his wrists over to thrash that to the point boundary;
31.3;6;Yadav to Marsh, SIX runs oh my. Another long-hop from Umesh, angling into the batsman, and he pulls that with utter contempt, launches it over the backward square leg boundary;
31.2;3;Yadav to Warner, 3 runs short ball on off stump, Warner plays that trademark checked pull of his, and Rohit has to put in a lot of work, sprinting to his right from long leg and diving to stop it at the rope;
31.1;1;Yadav to Marsh, 1 run length ball on off stump, comes forward for the checked drive through the covers;
30.6;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run full on the pads, flicked away through square leg;
30.5;1;Jadeja to Warner, 1 run a touch shorter and he can work it wider of the midwicket fielder to pick up one;
30.4;?;Jadeja to Warner, no run flat, angling into middle stump, clipped to the left of short midwicket, where Pandey dives to make the stop;
30.3;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run length ball on middle stump, Marsh uses his wrists to whip that towards long-on;
30.2;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run full on off stump, presses forward and pushes to the left of short cover, and the fielder moves quickly to deny him the single;
30.1;2;Jadeja to Marsh, 2 runs back of a length on off stump, goes back and cuts to the left of sweeper cover;
29.6;1;Yadav to Marsh, 1 run not quite short enough to pull, drags it from off stump towards long leg;
29.5;?;Yadav to Marsh, no run back of a length, a bit closer to off stump, defended to backward point;
29.4;4;Yadav to Marsh, FOUR runs short, wide, no one back on the square boundary and Marsh gets on top of the bounce and cuts it away to the point boundary with his weight on the front foot;
29.3;4;Yadav to Marsh, FOUR runs fullish outside off, and Marsh flows forward and drives, finishes with a high left elbow as the ball races away to the left of mid-off;
29.2;1;Yadav to Warner, 1 run shortish on off stump, jumps across and works it to long leg;
29.1;4;Yadav to Warner, FOUR runs ooh, and he produces an edge first up. Slants across Warner from a lovely length, opens him up, and he jabs at it and nicks through the vacant slip region;
28.6;1;Jadeja to Warner, 1 run sees him coming down the track and fires it at his pads. Warner flicks towards short fine leg;
28.5;?;Jadeja to Warner, no run stays back to a full ball on off stump, defends hurriedly to short cover;
28.4;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run a little more width, slapped to sweeper cover;
28.3;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run length ball on off stump, stays back and punches to short extra cover;
28.2;1;Jadeja to Warner, 1 run a bit fuller and straighter. Warner shuffles across to tuck it through square leg;
28.1;?;Jadeja to Warner, no run back of a length, a bit of turn in to cramp Warner's cut. Slaps it to short cover;
27.6;?;R Dhawan to Marsh, no run back of a length, angling into the batsman and cramping him for room, Marsh tucks it to midwicket;
27.5;1;R Dhawan to Warner, 1 run full and wide, slapped to the left of sweeper cover;
27.4;1;R Dhawan to Marsh, 1 run back of a length close to off stump, lets it come on for the push to sweeper cover;
27.3;1;R Dhawan to Warner, 1 run slower ball, fuller now and outside off, Warner jabs it down to long-off;
27.2;2;R Dhawan to Warner, 2 runs short and wide again, slapped to sweeper cover;
27.1;4;R Dhawan to Warner, FOUR runs slower ball, but it's short, and there's plenty of width. Warner was initially looking to make room, but he had enough time to take a big step across with his back foot and chop it away to the right of backward point;
26.6;1;Jadeja to Warner, 1 run quickish again, a little shorter. Warner goes back and across to work to deep square leg;
26.5;?;Jadeja to Warner, no run quickish length ball on off stump, defended to short midwicket;
26.4;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run back of a length on off stump, punched to sweeper cover;
26.3;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run fullish, goes with the arm towards off stump. Looks for the cover drive but can only hit it back to the bowler;
26.2;1;Jadeja to Warner, 1 run sees Warner stepping out and fires it into his pads. Warner clips it quietly to square leg;
26.1;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run back of a length on off stump, goes back to punch to sweeper cover;
25.6;1;R Dhawan to Marsh, 1 run another slower one, full on off and middle, driven to long-on;
25.5;?;R Dhawan to Marsh, no run back of a length slower ball on middle stump, punched to straight midwicket;
25.4;1;R Dhawan to Warner, 1 run full outside off, swiped with a lot of bottom hand to long-on;
25.3;1;R Dhawan to Marsh, 1 run slower ball on middle stump, checks his drive to chip down the ground to long-on;
25.2;?;R Dhawan to Marsh, no run full, once again drifting into the pads, poor ball with fine leg in the circle, but Marsh picks out the fielder with his flick;
25.1;?;R Dhawan to Marsh, no run very full on off stump, almost in the blockhole, driven to mid-off;
25.1;3w;R Dhawan to Marsh, 3 wide starts the spell with a full ball slanted down leg. Misses the flick and Dhoni can't collect, the ball deflects away into the fine leg region;
24.6;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run flat on middle, drilled to long-on;
24.5;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run floated up on off, driven to cover;
24.4;1;Jadeja to Warner, 1 run turned to deep midwicket for one;
24.3;2;Jadeja to Warner, 2 runs Warner backs away and flays a cut to cover. Misfield by Gurkeerat who allows the extra runs;
24.2;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run fine paddle. Flat outside off, Marsh gets down early to play that stroke;
24.1;1;Jadeja to Warner, 1 run flat on leg, tucked to deep midwicket;
23.6;1;Gurkeerat to Warner, 1 run driven to long-on;
23.5;6;Gurkeerat to Warner, SIX runs huge six. Warner continues to counterattack. Flat on off, Warner gets down on one knee to swipe the slog sweep very high over the midwicket boundary. Big six, way back;
23.4;1;Gurkeerat to Marsh, 1 run driven to long-off;
23.3;4;Gurkeerat to Marsh, FOUR runs very dangerous shot. Yorker on middle, Marsh gets down early to sweep very hard between the gap at backward square leg;
23.2;1;Gurkeerat to Warner, 1 run short and wide outside off, Warner drags it to long-on;
23.1;1;Gurkeerat to Marsh, 1 run tossed up on middle, Marsh comes down to flick to midwicket;
22.6;1;Jadeja to Marsh, 1 run worked off his pads to deep midwicket. Great over, just one off it;
22.5;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run another thigh delivery. Marsh can't get it off the square;
22.4;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run driven to Pandey at cover who stops at least a run, fantastic fielding;
22.3;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run nice bowling. Tossed up on off, Marsh comes down to clip but inside-edges onto his pad;
22.2;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run floated up on off, driven to cover;
22.1;?;Jadeja to Marsh, no run tossed up outside off, Marsh goes for the hard sweep. Beaten;
21.6;1;Gurkeerat to Marsh, 1 run tossed up outside off, Marsh squeezes the drive to an interestingly-placed short mid-off. Kohli runs around and throws it to the non-striker but Marsh makes the run;
21.5;1;Gurkeerat to Warner, 1 run tossed up outside off, driven to long-off. Warner key;
21.4;?;Gurkeerat to Warner, no run short and wide, hit to cover.;
21.3;?;Gurkeerat to Warner, no run short outside off, smashed to cover who fields well;
21.2;W;Gurkeerat to Warner, 1 run, OUT Marsh may be gone. This will be a huge wicket. marsh is gone. What a fortunate dismissal that is for India. Short outside off, Warner crashes a cut to deep point. And calls Marsh through. The throw is not very good, bounces just in front of Gurkeerat. The ball hits the knee of Gurkeerat and then ricochets onto the stumps to find Marsh short. Could be a massive moment in this game;Shaun Marsh run out (Yadav/Gurkeerat Singh) 7 (30m 14b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
21.1;?;Gurkeerat to Warner, no run tossed up outside off, Warner gets down early and misses his slog sweep.;
20.6;1;Jadeja to Warner, 1 run flat on leg, Warner turns this with the spin to square leg;
20.5;?;Jadeja to Warner, no run flat and straight on middle, pushed back;
20.4;?;Jadeja to Warner, no run driven back to the bowler;
20.3;?;Jadeja to Warner, no run 92 kph, flat outside off, Warner punches to midwicket off the back foot;
20.2;2;Jadeja to Warner, 2 runs worked to square leg for a quick couple. Played that well. Soft hands;
20.1;4;Jadeja to Warner, FOUR runs just over long-on. Gurkeerat there but he wasn't on the boundary. Flighted delivery on middle, Warner heaves the swipe over long-on. The ball lands inside the boundary. Could have been an opportunity if he was on the boundary;
19.6;?;Sharma to Marsh, no run hit in the air to mid-on. A loose shot, but good fielding from mid-on to prevent it from going through. Landed just in front;
19.5;1;Sharma to Warner, 1 run back of a length on leg, Warner plays it to fine leg to bring up his fifty. Excellent innings this has been. A run-a-ball fifty;
19.4;?;Sharma to Warner, no run full on off, pushed out to mid-off;
19.3;?;Sharma to Warner, no run superb yorker from Ishant. Speared in the blockhole on off, Warner can only jam it out;
19.3;1nb;Sharma to Warner, (no ball) Ishant oversteps. Full and wide, Warner finds point with a cut;
19.2;1;Sharma to Marsh, 1 run nudged off his hips to fine leg;
19.1;1;Sharma to Warner, 1 run back of a length on middle, clipped nicely to deep midwicket. Good fielding as well prevents the second;
18.6;?;R Dhawan to Marsh, no run full outside off, pushed to cover. 12 of the over;
18.6;1w;R Dhawan to Marsh, 1 wide 120 kph, full and very wide. Called;
18.5;1;R Dhawan to Warner, 1 run uppish but just wide of point. Slower delivery outside off, Warner cuts but can't keep it down. Deep point fields;
18.4;1;R Dhawan to Marsh, 1 run 123 kph, clipped off his pads to square leg;
18.3;1;R Dhawan to Warner, 1 run shortish and wide, Warner drags it from well outside to square leg;
18.2;6;R Dhawan to Warner, SIX runs really good batting from Warner. Dhawan goes full now outside off, overpitched. Warner clears one foot and thrashes it over cover for six. That is imperious. Lovely to watch;
18.1;2;R Dhawan to Warner, 2 runs too much width on that occasion and Warner flays a cut past point for a couple. Splendid fielding from Dhawan on the point boundary, that was scooting across hurriedly across the turf.;
17.6;2;Sharma to Marsh, 2 runs slightly too straight and Marsh finds the gap through midwicket for two;
17.5;?;Sharma to Marsh, no run wonderful stuff. Good length but just wide of off stump. Marsh chooses to let it go;
17.4;?;Sharma to Marsh, no run 137 kph, full on middle. Extremely tight stuff this. Defended. India winning this period;
17.3;1;Sharma to Warner, 1 run full on middle, worked towards midwicket;
17.2;?;Sharma to Warner, no run full outside off, driven to mid-off with a turn of the bat face. A fumble from Kohli but no damage done;
17.1;?;Sharma to Warner, no run nice start. Full on off, no room. Warner can only drive to cover;
16.6;1;R Dhawan to Warner, 1 run smashed away on the bounce to deep midwicket. A nice pick-up shot;
16.5;2;R Dhawan to Warner, 2 runs lovely shot that. Driven past cover, Warner wants two immediately and makes it easy;
16.4;1;R Dhawan to Marsh, 1 run steered past point this time for one;
16.3;?;R Dhawan to Marsh, no run good length outside off, cut away to point;
16.2;?;R Dhawan to Marsh, no run back of a length outside off, a bit of spongy bounce. Marsh gets on top of the ball but mis-times the drive to mid-off;
16.1;1;R Dhawan to Warner, 1 run too full, too wide. Warner drives past cover for one;
15.6;?;Bumrah to Marsh, no run 134 kph. Nice end. Full outside off, Marsh leaves;
15.5;2;Bumrah to Marsh, 2 runs straying on his pads and Marsh picks the bowler off for a couple through square leg;
15.4;?;Bumrah to Marsh, no run back of a length outside off, moving away from Marsh. Left;
15.3;1;Bumrah to Warner, 1 run shortish delivery outside off, Warner cuts to deep cover;
15.2;?;Bumrah to Warner, no run nice lines - full on off, Steered to point;
15.1;4b;Bumrah to Warner, 4 byes that keeps very low and rolls away for four byes. Full outside off, Warner can't get baton it, the ball goes through Dhoni's legs as well to the boundary;
14.6;?;R Dhawan to Marsh, no run lovely delivery to greet Marsh. Full and straight, testing Marsh's reflexes. Easily pushed to mid-on though;
14.5;W;R Dhawan to Bailey, OUT taken. Another wicket. Another big wicket. Legcutter on middle, taking the pace off the delivery and Bailey looks to turn to the leg side. The ball stops in the wicket and aids in taking the leading edge. Ishant at mid-on runs around and takes a dolly.;George Bailey c Sharma b Dhawan 6 (13m 14b 0x4 0x6) SR: 42.85;
14.4;?;R Dhawan to Bailey, no run short and wide, Bailey flays a cut to extra cover;
14.3;?;R Dhawan to Bailey, no run 126 kph, patted down to point;
14.2;1;R Dhawan to Warner, 1 run back of a length outside off, punched to Jadeja at point for a quick run;
14.1;4;R Dhawan to Warner, FOUR runs nice stroke. Dhawan errs too full and Warner calmly just lofts it over mid-off with the full face of the bat. Executed with enviable ease;
13.6;2;Bumrah to Bailey, 2 runs another two. Inside-edged into the deeper leg side. Ishant at square leg runs in and throws but cannot prevent the second.;
13.5;?;Bumrah to Bailey, no run lovely delivery again. Change in length, goes for the shorter delivery. Bailey is hustled for pace as he tries to pull, the ball just misses that glove;
13.4;1lb;Bumrah to Warner, 1 leg bye back of a length, down leg. Off the thigh pad to fine leg;
13.3;1;Bumrah to Bailey, 1 run tucked to point for a quick run. Nice stuff from Bailey;
13.2;?;Bumrah to Bailey, no run full on off, pushed to the bowler;
13.1;?;Bumrah to Bailey, no run ducks back in very late, his trademark delivery. Short of a length but nips back to sneak betwen bat and pad. Just misses that off stump;
12.6;1;R Dhawan to Bailey, 1 run;
12.5;?;R Dhawan to Bailey, no run dabbed to third man with the open face;
12.4;?;R Dhawan to Bailey, no run 119 kph. Tight lines on off, defended;
12.3;2;R Dhawan to Bailey, 2 runs worked off his pads into the gap at backward square leg. Bailey comes back for the second;
12.2;?;R Dhawan to Bailey, no run 125 kph. Half-volley outside off, driven to extra cover;
12.2;1w;R Dhawan to Bailey, 1 wide slower delivery down leg, wide;
12.1;1;R Dhawan to Warner, 1 run length delivery on off, Warner closes the bat face to find the gap through midwicket;

Chin: "Rishi Dhawan still waiting for 10 days to take his first wicket and Bumrah flies in, takes the big fish Smith in his 3rd over"
 Innings Start
10.30pm Phew. What a game to end this ODI series. We'll soon have reports and analysis of everything that happened up on our site. Do take a look when they go up. The T20 series begins on Tuesday - make sure you tune in for that as well. Until then, goodbye!
Steven Smith: "It's been a pretty big run-scoring feast. Very proud of the way the players have played in this series. Tonight was a masterclass in chasing [from India]. We missed a few opportunities in the field, but that happens in cricket, but we have to move on and improve. [The T20s] are a different format, and there is a World Cup around the corner, so the boys are raring to go."
MS Dhoni: "I think we have been competitive in the series. The goal was to win matches. The first four games, I thought were close, but we didn't close it down well. That's important in the ODI format. Every over matters especially in a high-scoring game. Giving those 15-20-run overs, it becomes slightly easier for the opposition. The top order has been together for a long time now. Where we have been hurt a little bit is the lower-order batting, where Manish did really well today, and also the fact that we have not had a settled bowling attack. We have to improve our fielding slightly. Grounds over here are quite big, and once you know the fielder is not that quick or doesn't have a good fielder, you will put pressure on that fielder."
Rohit Sharma is the man of the series. "Not really [frustrating to get out on 99], because we won the game tonight. Young Manish Pandey did really well, playing his fourth one-day international, getting that hundred and getting us off the mark. Over the course of the tournament we played some really good cricket. Little moments we couldn't capitalise on. We never thought we were 4-0 down. We wanted to come and win this game and go with a positive frame of mind into the T20 series. I've been batting really well in one-day cricket, it's important that I keep scoring runs for the team."
10.25pm Presentation time. Manish Pandey is the man of the match. "Batting No. 4 is one of the chances I got because Ajju was injured, and I wanted to capitalise, especially on these wickets, with 300 scored in every match. Always nice to have Indian people in the stadium, it's a big boost to us."
PrabodhR.: "This win again proved cricket is a team game. Even after an off day of Umesh and Kohli, first excellent bowling by Bumrahh and Ishant in death , good start, excellent middle and lower order batting.. Remarkable performance by whole team especially Manish Pandey played a superb knock under pressure."
Mustafa Moudi: "Maxwell scored 29 runs in last 2 overs of the last match which hurt india in the last match. On the other hand, Marsh scored just 7 runs off last 2 overs and it hurt Australia. So each run in Cricket Matters !!!" -- Credit for that has to go to Bumrah and Ishant Sharma, who bowled two excellent overs at the death.
10.12pm This is the first successful 300-plus chase against Australia in Australia. India will feel they should have crossed off that achievement in the previous game itself, but they've done it here, and they've done it with six wickets in hand. Superb innings from Pandey, came in when India had lost a bit of impetus with the quick wickets of Shikhar Dhawan and Virat Kohli, but he kept his cool, played his shots, and stayed there till the end. Don't forget Rohit Sharma's 99 either. Another excellent innings to go past 400 runs in the series and 5000 in ODIs.
49.4;2;Marsh to Pandey, 2 runs and it's all over. Full outside off and Pandey launches this over the covers. Doesn't really middle it, but all he needs to do is clear the infield, and that's what he does;
49.3;4;Marsh to Pandey, FOUR runs shot. That's full outside off, a wide yorker, almost, and Pandey, cool as a cucumber, brings up his hundred in style. Lets it come on, opens his bat face at impact, and steers it fine to the third man boundary. This has been an outstanding one-day innings;
49.2;W;Marsh to Dhoni, OUT full and wide and Dhoni goes after it and holes out, Warner takes a simple catch running in from long-off. They cross over, however, and Pandey will be on strike;MS Dhoni c Warner b Marsh 34 (64m 42b 1x4 1x6) SR: 80.95;
49.1;6;Marsh to Dhoni, SIX runs bam! That's a low full-toss outside off, in Dhoni's slot, but in this innings he hasn't been middling anything. He doesn't middle this either, but he just about clears the leaping long-off fielder. Warner is the fielder. He would have needed to be as tall as Mohammad Irfan to take that;
49.1;1w;Marsh to Dhoni, 1 wide full and wide, and it's given wide after Dhoni leaves it alone. Harsh call, seemed to be just inside the tramline, though, as Wasim Akram reminds us on TV commentary - the line is just an indication;
48.6;2;Faulkner to Pandey, 2 runs down the track, Faulkner follows him, and he tucks it away through backward square leg and picks up two, leaving Dhoni at strike at the start of the last over;
48.5;2;Faulkner to Pandey, 2 runs down the track and Pandey is an absolute genius at landing the ball short of deep fielders. Takes his bottom hand off the handle while chasing the full, wide slower ball, and it drops short of the sweeper cover fielder running to his right;
48.4;1lb;Faulkner to Dhoni, 1 leg bye sees him making room and follows him. Slogs at it, misses, and it ricochets off the pad into the off side;
48.3;2;Faulkner to Dhoni, 2 runs full-toss on leg stump, Dhoni lap-sweeps towards long leg;
48.2;1;Faulkner to Pandey, 1 run down the track, looks to make room. Faulkner denies him the room with the slower ball and he slogs it out to deep midwicket, on the bounce;
48.1;1;Faulkner to Dhoni, 1 run full on middle and leg, clips to midwicket, who's slightly deep and allows a reasonably comfortable single;
47.6;1;Marsh to Dhoni, 1 run full outside off, slower ball. Dhoni slogs and inside-edges towards short fine leg;
47.5;4;Marsh to Dhoni, FOUR runs full and wide and this time Dhoni is right where he needs to be. Huge backlift, flat-bats it down the ground, absolutely smashes it and long-off has no chance going to his right;
47.4;2;Marsh to Dhoni, 2 runs down the track and he gets too close to this ball from Marsh. Jabs it down towards long-off, and the electric Pandey turns quickly to complete the second, but a direct hit would have done for him;
47.3;1;Marsh to Pandey, 1 run slower short ball outside off, wide of Pandey who's moved across his stumps. Chopped down towards backward point;
47.2;4;Marsh to Pandey, FOUR runs wide yorker and Pandey reaches out and makes vital contact, looks to squeeze it away through point, gets an outside edge that runs away to the third man boundary;
47.1;1;Marsh to Dhoni, 1 run fullish, wide of off, flat-batted to long-off;
46.6;?;Faulkner to Pandey, no run full on leg stump, clipped firmly but straight to midwicket;
46.5;?;Faulkner to Pandey, no run lovely slower ball, back of a length. Pandey doesn't pick up the length, is through the pull too quickly and it juuust misses off stump;
46.4;?;Faulkner to Pandey, no run makes a bit of room and Faulkner follows with the full-toss. Whips it hard but can't get it past midwicket;
46.3;2;Faulkner to Pandey, 2 runs down the track to the wide slower ball and he flat-bats firmly to the right of long-off. Two more;
46.2;2;Faulkner to Pandey, 2 runs low full-toss on leg stump, whipped towards long-on. Takes its time getting to the fielder and they use that time to steal a second;
46.1;1lb;Faulkner to Dhoni, 1 leg bye full, down the leg side. Dhoni misses the flick and it deflects off the pad to the diving Wade, who appeals for caught behind. Good early call from Pandey to sneak a leg bye;
45.6;2;Marsh to Pandey, 2 runs full outside off and Pandey makes a bit of room and doesn't get hold of the big hit over the covers. Skews it in the air, but gets his placement spot on, right in the middle of the triangle formed by extra cover, sweeper cover and long-off;
45.5;?;Marsh to Pandey, no run length ball on middle and leg, cramps Pandey for room. Stabs it back to the bowler;
45.5;1w;Marsh to Pandey, 1 wide takes guard on off stump this time and Marsh looks to bowl it even wider, full and wide. This time it's adjudged wide as Pandey reaches out and fails to connect;
45.4;?;Marsh to Pandey, no run well bowled. Saw him shaping to move across his crease and bowled a back-of-a-length slower ball outside off. Pandey is beaten trying to guide it down to third man;
45.3;2;Marsh to Pandey, 2 runs slower ball wide of off and Pandey picks it up early and whips it powerfully to the right of long-on. Smith sprints quickly to his right and stops it at the rope with a wholehearted tumble;
45.2;1;Marsh to Dhoni, 1 run down the track, Dhoni slogs at this fullish ball outside off, and top-edges it towards third man. The ball bounces just short of Faulkner running in from the rope;
45.1;?;Marsh to Dhoni, no run slower ball wide of off stump. Dhoni has to reach out a long way, elects to leave it, maybe expecting it to be called wide, but it isn't;
44.6;1;Faulkner to Dhoni, 1 run full on leg stump, clipped to midwicket, who's right on the edge of the circle, and they run a single. Smith's throw hits Dhoni's bat as he slides home, and he holds up his hands to reassure everyone that he won't run the overthrow;
44.5;1;Faulkner to Pandey, 1 run down the track and he can't get to the pitch of this slower ball outside off. Goes through with the shot, doesn't time it, and it's hanging in the air but agonisingly wide of Bailey diving to his right from extra cover;
44.4;1lb;Faulkner to Dhoni, 1 leg bye in the blockhole and Dhoni misses the flick. Hits him low on the pad, and ricochets into the off side. Huge appeal, but it isn't given. Pitched maybe just outside leg. Marginal;
44.3;1;Faulkner to Pandey, 1 run slower ball wide of off, flat-batted to sweeper cover;
44.2;1;Faulkner to Dhoni, 1 run full-toss on the pads, flicked straight to short fine leg;
44.1;1;Faulkner to Pandey, 1 run slower ball on leg stump, clipped through square leg;
43.6;1;Boland to Pandey, 1 run full outside off, driven to long-off;
43.5;2;Boland to Pandey, 2 runs very full, close to off stump. Pandey makes a bit of room by moving his front leg out of the way, and jabs it away to the left of sweeper cover;
43.4;1;Boland to Dhoni, 1 run wide yorker, stabbed away towards backward point;
43.3;1;Boland to Pandey, 1 run full and wide and Pandey drives to long-off;
43.2;1;Boland to Dhoni, 1 run full and wide, gets on the front foot to steer it to the right of sweeper cover. They decide, wisely, not to attempt a second as Warner's monster throw comes in;
43.1;1;Boland to Pandey, 1 run full-toss on off stump, clubbed down the ground to long-on;
42.6;1;Lyon to Pandey, 1 run nice flight on off stump, dipped on Pandey a bit. Did well to adjust, keeping his front leg inside the line and opening his bat face to play the checked drive out towards deep point;
42.5;?;Lyon to Pandey, no run flighted ball outside off, whipped with the turn to midwicket;
42.4;1;Lyon to Dhoni, 1 run down the track again, not quite to the pitch this time, squeezes the checked drive out to long-on;
42.3;2;Lyon to Dhoni, 2 runs down the track comes Dhoni this time, muscles it powerfully to the right of long-on, and they run quickly to complete two;
42.2;1;Lyon to Pandey, 1 run down the track comes Pandey, loses his shape a bit as he goes for the big hit, but does well to keep it along the ground and hit to long-on;
42.1;1;Lyon to Dhoni, 1 run goes back to a full ball on middle stump, clips it just wide of midwicket;
41.6;2;Boland to Pandey, 2 runs back of a length outside off, opens his bat face and steers it adroitly, nice and fine, to the left of the fielder at third man;
41.5;4;Boland to Pandey, FOUR runs down the track and Boland offers up some width. Pandey isn't quite to the pitch of it, but he frees his arms and flat-bats it so sweetly to the cover boundary;
41.4;?;Boland to Pandey, no run shortish outside off, slapped to backward point;
41.3;2;Boland to Pandey, 2 runs short and wide and Pandey slaps it away, beats backward point and they take two by the time third man runs around to field it;
41.2;?;Boland to Pandey, no run back of a length on off stump, blocked into the point region;
41.1;1;Boland to Dhoni, 1 run short outside off, rises high and Dhoni can't control his pull, hits it in the air and Lyon, settling comfortably under it at deep midwicket, spills another absolute sitter;
40.6;?;Lyon to Pandey, no run floated up slower outside off, and it sneaks under Pandey's attempted sweep;
40.6;1w;Lyon to Pandey, 1 wide flat and quick down the leg side. Gets his line wrong and it's called wide as Pandey misses the flick;
40.5;1;Lyon to Dhoni, 1 run back of a length on off stump, punched down the ground to long-off;
40.4;?;Lyon to Dhoni, no run back of a length on middle and leg, goes back to work to midwicket;
40.3;?;Lyon to Dhoni, no run quicker now, goes on the back foot to defend the middle-stump ball back to the bowler;
40.2;?;Lyon to Dhoni, no run down the track, doesn't quite get to the pitch of the flighted ball on off stump, clips quietly to midwicket;
40.1;1;Lyon to Pandey, 1 run fullish on middle and leg, fairly flat, swept round to deep backward square leg;
39.6;?;Boland to Dhoni, no run back of a length on off stump, defended to short cover;
39.5;1;Boland to Pandey, 1 run short outside off and Pandey gets on his toes to punch crisply to deep point;
39.4;1;Boland to Dhoni, 1 run fullish ball wide of off, driven to sweeper cover;
39.3;?;Boland to Dhoni, no run Short outside off, doesn't come on to Dhoni's bat or he simply mistimes it, chops down into the ground, in the direction of cover;
39.2;?;Boland to Dhoni, no run down the track and Boland straightens his line. Dhoni has to play around his front pad and misses. Ball hits pad but he's a long way down the pitch. Big appeal but it's not given;
39.1;?;Boland to Dhoni, no run fullish on off stump, Dhoni punches towards mid-off and short cover dives to his right to intercept;
38.6;?;Hastings to Pandey, no run back of a length on off stump, defended towards point;
38.5;4;Hastings to Pandey, FOUR runs dug in short and wide and Pandey jumps in the air to account for the bounce and uppercuts fiercely, hits it hard and beats third man comfortably to his right;
38.4;?;Hastings to Pandey, no run length ball outside off, lets it come on and pokes to backward point;
38.3;1;Hastings to Dhoni, 1 run full, wide of off. Dhoni frees his arms and drills that hard but backward point dives to his right to stop it;
38.2;?;Hastings to Dhoni, no run back of a length close to off stump, punched to short extra cover;
38.1;1;Hastings to Pandey, 1 run back of a length outside off, dabbed to third man;
37.6;1;Boland to Pandey, 1 run length ball outside off, opens his bat face to guide it down to third man;
37.5;?;Boland to Pandey, no run length ball angling into middle stump, defended to midwicket;
37.4;1;Boland to Dhoni, 1 run back of a length, angling into the pads, worked towards midwicket;
37.3;1;Boland to Pandey, 1 run length ball outside off, Pandey comes forward for the checked drive through the covers;
37.2;1;Boland to Dhoni, 1 run down the track and Boland bowls it at his pads, clipped quietly towards deep square leg;
37.1;?;Boland to Dhoni, no run back of a length on off stump, defended to short cover;
36.6;1;Hastings to Dhoni, 1 run back of a length close to off stump, punches it to the right of backward point and immediately calls for the single;
36.5;?;Hastings to Dhoni, no run back of a length wide of off, Dhoni leaves it alone;
36.4;1;Hastings to Pandey, 1 run back of a length outside off, guided to third man with an open bat face;
36.3;2;Hastings to Pandey, 2 runs short ball outside off and that's a controlled pull, almost just holds his bat up and lets the ball hit it, to place it for another couple, this time through midwicket;
36.2;2;Hastings to Pandey, 2 runs full on off stump and Pandey doesn't quite get hold of the lofted drive, bounces down to the right of sweeper cover. Gets two more and that's his half-century. Excellent innings under pressure, so far;
36.1;2;Hastings to Pandey, 2 runs back of a length outside off, dabbed towards third man;
35.6;?;Marsh to Dhoni, no run shortish outside off, stops on the track again. Dhoni jumps and slaps to short cover;
35.5;1;Marsh to Pandey, 1 run full on middle stump, clipped towards long leg;
35.4;1;Marsh to Dhoni, 1 run back of a length outside off, steered towards backward point;
35.3;?;Marsh to Dhoni, no run back of a length outside off, doesn't come on at all for the slap through point. Dhoni can only poke it back to the bowler;
35.2;?;Marsh to Dhoni, no run fuller now, drifts into the pads, clipped to long leg;
35.1;1;Marsh to Pandey, 1 run;
34.6;?;Hastings to Dhoni, no run gone first ball, is he? Ooh, that looked close. Much fuller this time from Hastings, excellent first ball, angling into the stumps. Dhoni shuffled across his crease instead of moving forward or back, and that ball struck him low on the pad. Not given. Maybe an inside edge, maybe struck just outside the line. Replays show a clear inside edge;
34.5;W;Hastings to Rohit Sharma, OUT back of a length outside off, a bit of extra bounce, and Rohit goes for 99! It hurried through quicker than he expected, perhaps, as he looked to dab it towards third man, and he looks distraught when the caught behind appeal is upheld. Snicko shows the faintest of nicks, though.;Rohit Sharma c ?Wade b Hastings 99 (142m 108b 9x4 1x6) SR: 91.66;
34.4;?;Hastings to Rohit Sharma, no run excellent bouncer, rising over off stump, and Rohit thinks about hooking before deciding to abort the stroke and duck his head out of the way;
34.3;2;Hastings to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs length ball wide of off and that's such a sweetly timed drive to the left of short cover;
34.2;?;Hastings to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length on off stump, punched to short cover;
34.1;4;Hastings to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs short and wide and that's punished. Rohit stands tall and just punches it away to the point boundary;
33.6;1;Marsh to Rohit Sharma, 1 run full on middle stump and that's dropped by Shaun Marsh. Looked to hit that over mid-off, and maybe the ball stopped on him. Bat turned in his hand and it went high over the off side. Marsh, coming in from sweeper cover, got under it and dropped a sitter. It just popped out of his hand there;
33.5;?;Marsh to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball outside off, doesn't quite come on to Rohit. Checks his drive and rolls his wrists over at the last moment to keep it down in front of mid-off;
33.4;2;Marsh to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs back of a length outside off, lets it come on and steers it to the right of third man to bring up 5000 ODI runs. He's moved to a different level over the last couple of years;
33.3;?;Marsh to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball outside off, seams away a touch to beat Rohit as he tries to dab it down to third man with an open face;
33.2;1;Marsh to Pandey, 1 run shortish outside off, makes some room to dab it down to third man;
33.1;1;Marsh to Rohit Sharma, 1 run full on off stump, driven to long-on;
32.6;1;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, 1 run quickish length ball on leg stump, gets his front leg out of the way to push down the ground to long-off;
32.5;1;Lyon to Pandey, 1 run back of a length on middle and leg, goes deep in his crease to tuck it towards long leg;
32.4;6;Lyon to Pandey, SIX runs down the track comes Pandey and Lyon gives him width once more. Lovely bat-flow through that lofted inside-out drive, and it's over the rope to the left of long-off;
32.3;1;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, 1 run flighted ball outside off, presses forward and pushes into the ocvers. They go for the single as Mitchell Marsh moves quickly to his left. He picks up and throws, Pandey dives into his crease and makes it home safe. Direct hit would have had him in trouble;
32.2;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball outside off, dipped a touch on Rohit as he came forward, and he turns his wrists to play that to backward square leg;
32.1;2;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs down the track to the flighted ball on middle and leg, chips it in the air, on the bounce to deep midwicket;
31.6;1;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 1 run loopy slower ball, ends up as a wide full-toss and he reaches out to drive, ends up slicing to backward point;
31.5;1;Faulkner to Pandey, 1 run full outside off, driven to sweeper cover;
31.4;1;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 1 run full outside off, driven to sweeper cover with a slightly open face;
31.3;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball on off stump, straightens just a touch, defended into the on side;
31.2;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length outside off, another slower one, Rohit is beaten by the angle and lack of pace, trying to dab to third man;
31.1;2;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs short and wide, but it's the slower one, and Rohit has to reach out for it. Doesn't quite middle it but slaps it over cover, just out of reach of the leaping fielder;
30.6;1;Smith to Rohit Sharma, 1 run a bit slower now, tossed up wide of off. Rohit has to reach out for it, checks his drive and pushes towards sweeper cover;
30.5;1;Smith to Pandey, 1 run down the track, meets the flighted ball in front of off stump and drives inside-out to sweeper cover;
30.4;1;Smith to Rohit Sharma, 1 run full on leg stump and Rohit clips it in the air, chips it deliberately to reach long-on on the bounce, hit it to the right of the fielder;
30.3;4;Smith to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs flighted ball outside off, lots of room for Rohit to free his arms and clout that over mid-on, against the turn;
30.2;1;Smith to Pandey, 1 run full outside off, driven to sweeper cover;
30.1;4;Smith to Pandey, FOUR runs another Smith long-hop, and again Pandey is quickly back in his crease, swivels and pulls to the backward square leg boundary;
29.6;1;Faulkner to Pandey, 1 run back of a length on off stump, comes forward and jabs with a closed bat face to play that through square leg. Interesting-looking shot;
29.5;1;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 1 run full, a bit of width, and again a well struck shot goes straight to a fielder, driven to short cover this time, but it's hit hard and the fielder fumbles it to allow the single;
29.4;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run slower ball, full outside off, blocked to mid-off;
29.3;4;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs back of a length on off stump and that is smashed. Makes himself a lot of room and just flat-bats it, an inside-out tennis forehand to the left of mid-off;
29.2;1;Faulkner to Pandey, 1 run short, not too much width this time, leans back and chops it to third man;
29.1;2;Faulkner to Pandey, 2 runs back of a length outside off, steered to the right of third man, far enough from the fielder to complete two. That's also the half-century stand;
28.6;1;Smith to Pandey, 1 run a touch short wide of off, leans back and dabs to short third man;
28.5;1;Smith to Rohit Sharma, 1 run flighted on middle and off, clipped to long-on;
28.4;1;Smith to Pandey, 1 run short and wide, slapped to sweeper cover;
28.3;4;Smith to Pandey, FOUR runs long-hop on middle stump and Pandey rocks back to pull to the vacant backward square leg boundary;
28.2;1;Smith to Rohit Sharma, 1 run this one's a little shorter and he can force it past the diving fielder at extra cover;
28.1;?;Smith to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length on off stump, slides on with the angle as Rohit makes room, looking for the punch through cover. Can only push it back to the bowler;
27.6;1;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 1 run short and wide, and this time Finch dives to his right to stop that back-foot slap;
27.5;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length outside off, and again he fails to beat cover point. Waited on it and steered with an open face but Finch moved quickly to his left and stopped it;
27.4;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run full on middle stump and Rohit makes room to drive inside-out. Makes a good connection but Smith stops it with a dive to his left at mid-off;
27.3;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run full outside off, Rohit can't beat cover point with his square drive;
27.2;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run full outside off, driven to short cover;
27.1;1;Faulkner to Pandey, 1 run length ball angling across towards off stump. Pandey uses his wrists to play that to mid-on;
26.6;1;Lyon to Pandey, 1 run full, close to off stump, whipped with the turn to long-on;
26.5;1;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of a length on the pads, punched to deep midwicket;
26.4;2;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs tossed up on off stump and Rohit's powerful sweep beats square leg diving to his left but Marsh sprints quickly to his right from deep midwicket and makes a diving stop;
26.3;1;Lyon to Pandey, 1 run full on middle, clipped to deep midwicket;
26.2;4;Lyon to Pandey, FOUR runs down the track comes Pandey this time and Lyon floats it wide of off stump, giving him plenty of room to flat-bat crisply to the right of short cover;
26.1;1;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, 1 run down the track to the flighted ball drifting away from off stump, plays the checked drive to long-off;
25.6;?;Boland to Pandey, no run length ball angling into off stump, not much of a front-foot stride from Pandey as he looks to push through the mid-off/extra cover region, ends up inside-edging into his pad;
25.5;?;Boland to Pandey, no run shortish close to off stump, punched firmly but straight to cover point;
25.4;2;Boland to Pandey, 2 runs drifts onto the pads and Pandey clips it away through midwicket;
25.3;?;Boland to Pandey, no run back of a length, angling into off stump, dabbed to point;
25.2;1;Boland to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of a length, fourth-stump line. Rohit shuffles across and works it to deep square leg;
25.1;1;Boland to Pandey, 1 run back of a length outside off, steered to third man;
24.6;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run lovely fielding. Tossed up on off, Rohit comes down to drive to cover.;
24.5;1;Lyon to Pandey, 1 run slower through the air on middle, worked to deep midwicket;
24.4;4;Lyon to Pandey, FOUR runs smashed. In the gap and that will be four. Tossed up on off, Pandey gets down and rockets a sweep to the square leg boundary;
24.3;1;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, 1 run flat on off, Rohit gets down early to execute a fine paddle;
24.2;1;Lyon to Pandey, 1 run slightly shortish on middle, pulled down to fine leg;
24.1;?;Lyon to Pandey, no run shortish delivery on middle, clipped to midwicket;
23.6;?;Boland to Rohit Sharma, no run worked to midwicket;
23.5;6;Boland to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs massive six. Shortish delivery on off, Rohit presses forward and looks to smash it, flat-bats it over wide mid-on. Knew that was six from the moment it left the bat;
23.4;?;Boland to Rohit Sharma, no run 134 kph. Good length on off, played down defensively;
23.3;?;Boland to Rohit Sharma, no run whipped to wide mid-on;
23.2;1;Boland to Pandey, 1 run whipped off his pads to deep midwicket;
23.1;?;Boland to Pandey, no run fullish delivery outside off, Pandey drives it back uppishly but in front of the bowler;
22.6;4;Hastings to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs dropped. Very hard chance but still a chance. Shortish and wide, coming back in with that angle from wide of the crease. Rohit goes for the cut, but gets a thick edge which flies to Smith at first slip. He leaps but cannot hold on;
22.5;1;Hastings to Pandey, 1 run thick outside edge, goes down to third man. Nice and full outside off, inviting the drive;
22.4;1;Hastings to Rohit Sharma, 1 run 130 kph. Steered down to third man off the open face;
22.3;?;Hastings to Rohit Sharma, no run a loose waft. Good length outside off, Rohit drives loosely and is beaten;
22.2;?;Hastings to Rohit Sharma, no run short outside off, cut to point. Warner hits the stumps at the strikers end, rather unnecessary.;
22.1;?;Hastings to Rohit Sharma, no run nice short delivery. Bouncer outside off, Rohit sways out of the line;
21.6;1;Marsh to Rohit Sharma, 1 run 50 for Rohit. Played down to point and Rohit goes through with the iffy run. Makes it in the end;
21.5;1;Marsh to Pandey, 1 run clipped to wide mid-on for one;
21.4;3;Marsh to Rohit Sharma, 3 runs awesome shot, equally good fielding. Short and wide, Rohit flays a cut past point with such terrific timing that it almost makes it to the very long boundary. Shaun Marsh doesn't give up, runs all the way and keeps it in;
21.3;?;Marsh to Rohit Sharma, no run too straight, worked to short fine leg;
21.2;?;Marsh to Rohit Sharma, no run 132 kph, fuller delivery outside off, Kept down to point;
21.1;?;Marsh to Rohit Sharma, no run stops on the batsman and almost carries to short cover. Full delivery outside off, Rohit checks his stroke.;
20.6;?;Hastings to Pandey, no run goes for the bouncer outside off, Pandey thinks of lofting the ball over third man but withdraws very late;
20.5;?;Hastings to Pandey, no run another leave. Good length outside off, left alone;
20.4;?;Hastings to Pandey, no run back of a length outside off, left again;
20.3;?;Hastings to Pandey, no run full outside off, left alone;
20.2;W;Hastings to Kohli, OUT out! Big, big wicket this. Very full and wide from Hastings. Kohli goes for the expansive drive and gets a thin nick through to the keeper. Wade takes it over his head. Australia are a delighted bunch. Huge moment in the game;Virat Kohli c ?Wade b Hastings 8 (11m 11b 1x4 0x6) SR: 72.72;
20.1;?;Hastings to Kohli, no run 130 kph, full on off, clipped to mid-on;
19.6;1;Marsh to Kohli, 1 run nice comeback in the over that. Short and wide, played down to third man;
19.5;?;Marsh to Kohli, no run fuller delivery on off, driven back;
19.4;?;Marsh to Kohli, no run short outside off, cut powerfully to backward point;
19.3;?;Marsh to Kohli, no run full on off, Kohli defends;
19.2;2;Marsh to Kohli, 2 runs short and wide, cut past a diving cover for another couple;
19.1;4;Marsh to Kohli, FOUR runs sublime timing. That has raced to the boundary with ease. Full delivery outside off, Kohli calmly leans into a drive to finds the gap past cover for four. Shaun marsh can't do anything;
18.6;1;Hastings to Kohli, 1 run tickled fine to deep square leg;
18.5;?;Hastings to Kohli, no run nice shot. Back of a length outside off, punched off the back foot to extra cover;
18.5;1w;Hastings to Kohli, 1 wide very short delivery outside off, the ball lobs over Kohli's head. Easy call of wide;
18.5;1w;Hastings to Kohli, 1 wide;
18.4;?;Hastings to Kohli, no run pulled to short mid-on;
18.3;1;Hastings to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of a length outside off, punched to deep cover;
18.2;W;Hastings to S Dhawan, OUT what a splendid catch that is from Shaun Marsh. A nothing delivery from Hastings, short and wide. Dhawna comes down and belts the cut in the air to deep point. He errs though and fails to keep it down. Shaun marsh runs around and leaps to take the ball over his head, both feet off the ground. And hold son despite landing hard. Is that what Australia need? Dhawan has thrown away a really really good start;Shikhar Dhawan c SE Marsh b Hastings 78 (69m 56b 7x4 3x6) SR: 139.28;
18.1;4;Hastings to S Dhawan, FOUR runs awful start. Short down leg, Dhawan helps it on its way down to the fine leg boundary.;

Pradeep: "This is the kind of innings Dhawan played during World cup Semi-final.. And with India on top he thrown away his wicket and India lost.. Hope he wont do the same here again.."
 Innings Start
Australia
India
5th ODI (D/N), Sydney, Jan 23 2016, India tour of Australia
330/7
331/4
Player of the match is Manish Pandey, INDIA
India won by 6 wickets (with 2 balls remaining)
