Data
The Kiwis are on the boundary rope getting a talking-to from the coach, and we're nearly ready to rock. Cloudier than earlier but still fine, and no rain on the radar until much later.
Don't forget, we have England v South Africa (preview) a little later. Alan Gardner's heading up comms for that, so direct all demands for comment-publishing to him.
Justin: "Not at all optimistic, slow pitch [while] chasing, likely to see a repeat of what happened with India the other day, will Australia even make 100?" A touch pessimistic, Justin, but you're right about the surface. It all comes down to how well Australia start on what is a pudding of a pitch.
Australia's seamers in particular have been outstanding; the pitch sticky and slow, very difficult to time the ball. But we all thought New Zealand's innings against India wasn't nearly enough, didn't we? Join us shortly for Australia's chase.
19.6;W;Coulter-Nile to Milne, OUT an ugly heave-ho - think 1990s Devon Malcolm swing-and-a-miss - and it passes through to the keeper, who wings in a throw and demolishes the stumps to end the innings;Grant Elliott run out (?Nevill) 27 (27m 20b 3x4 0x6) SR: 135;
19.5;2;Coulter-Nile to Milne, 2 runs monster pull - the sound of that reverberated around the ground but it falls short of Maxwell;
19.4;W;Coulter-Nile to Santner, 1 run, OUT outside off, he carves it out to deep extra cover boundary for...one? Or two. Two, but it's Maxwell patrolling the boundary and sends in a bullet throw - what a throw! And he looks to be short;Mitchell Santner run out (Maxwell/?Nevill) 1 (4m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
19.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Elliott, 1 run on the pull once more, but cannons into his legs;
19.2;2;Coulter-Nile to Elliott, 2 runs steps to the off side and tries to scoop it, but ends up toe-ending a pull to midwicket. They run for a single - no, two! This should be out if it hits but, no, Smith's ballsed it up and they get two;
19.1;2;Coulter-Nile to Elliott, 2 runs Elliott muscles this over midwicket, again not timing it, but enough to get him two;
18.6;1;Faulkner to Elliott, 1 run a bizarre punch off the back foot, while stepping to leg, only gets him one;
18.5;W;Faulkner to Ronchi, OUT mistimes this completely, trying to hit over midwicket but finds Maxwell coming in from deep midwicket, who's about as safe a pair of hands as you can find, and he takes a smart, athletic take low by his laces;Luke Ronchi c Maxwell b Faulkner 6 (9m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 85.71;
18.4;2;Faulkner to Ronchi, 2 runs comes down the track, stepping outside leg and carves it over cover - could've gone anywhere but somehow lands safely;
18.3;1;Faulkner to Elliott, 1 run too leg-sidey and flicked off his hip to a short fine-leg;
18.2;?;Faulkner to Elliott, no run ha, Elliott tries to hit this into China! Slower ball and misses it completely.;
18.1;1;Faulkner to Ronchi, 1 run back onto his stumps and chipped to leg;
17.6;4;Marsh to Elliott, FOUR runs shorter still from Marsh and at a comfortable height for Elliott who swivels onto a pull for four;
17.5;1;Marsh to Ronchi, 1 run comes forward, though it's a touch shorter than he anticipated, and it's punched out to cover for a well-run single;
17.4;1;Marsh to Elliott, 1 run on the pull! But mistimes it and finds deep midwicket;
17.3;?;Marsh to Elliott, no run attempts a similar shot but misses;
17.2;4;Marsh to Elliott, FOUR runs superb stroke - stepped right outside leg, showing all three stumps (and another set too), crashing it through cover for four;
17.1;1;Marsh to Ronchi, 1 run short of a length and angled out behind square off the back foot;
16.6;1;Watson to Ronchi, 1 run outside off and angled down to third man;
16.5;?;Watson to Ronchi, no run Ronchi's onto the front foot and driving solidly;
16.4;W;Watson to Taylor, OUT he's gone for it again but straight to Marsh at midwicket! Clever bowling from Watson there, actually, as he held it back just a touch;Ross Taylor c Marsh b Watson 11 (25m 11b 0x4 1x6) SR: 100;
16.3;6;Watson to Taylor, SIX runs oh hello - that is, at last, a true monster from Taylor as he steps to off and clatters it over midwicket for six! What a hit. What a sound off the bat;
16.3;1w;Watson to Taylor, 1 wide shame from Watto - slower ball off-cutter but it's down the leg side;
16.2;1;Watson to Elliott, 1 run shorter and slower and Elliott misreads it. On the pull but it's wellied with no power to midwicket;
16.1;2;Watson to Elliott, 2 runs inside edge! So close to dragging on and he may get four here, but it's well cleaned up by fine-leg who runs round;
15.6;1;Marsh to Elliott, 1 run down the pitch and here's some intent, but he's actually lucky not to pick out deep midwicket - a front-footed pull gets him one;
15.5;2;Marsh to Elliott, 2 runs an elegant punch off the back foot for a couple, but New Zealand need more. Muscle. Power. Boundaries...;
15.4;?;Marsh to Elliott, no run short of a length and punched back to Mitchell McGrath;
15.3;4;Marsh to Elliott, FOUR runs scooter! Elliott dances down the pitch - prances - but it's fired down the leg side and misses him, keeper and everyone;
15.2;1;Marsh to Taylor, 1 run an ugly cross-batted flog to leg and only for a single;
15.1;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run on his legs but a clip finds mid-on;
14.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Elliott, no run that's really well bowled - a touch wider of the crease from NCN, fired in to off stump;
14.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Elliott, no run plays and misses outside off;
14.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Taylor, 1 run sharp, sharp single by Taylor, dropping out to short-extra and he's out of the blocks quick enough to nick one;
14.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Taylor, no run Taylor's forward, then back, pushing out to cover;
14.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Elliott, 1 run full, but too straight and Elliott's picking him off to leg for a single;
14.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Elliott, no run on his legs and clipped again to leg;
13.6;W;Marsh to Munro, OUT got him! Top, top class from Marsh - he's frustrated Munro for an over and an impetuous, angry, ill-advised front-footed pull picks out deep midwicket who clings on;Colin Munro c Faulkner b Marsh 23 (28m 26b 2x4 0x6) SR: 88.46;
13.5;?;Marsh to Munro, no run this is class from Marsh, a slower-ball off-cutter. Munro's all at sea and mis-reads it, stepping to leg and missing it completely;
13.4;?;Marsh to Munro, no run again, very good length from Marsh - full, but not a half-volley, leaving Munro in two minds whether to go forward or back. All he can do is defend back to Marsh;
13.3;?;Marsh to Munro, no run good line and length. Munro looks annoyed with himself as he picks out cover;
13.2;1;Marsh to Taylor, 1 run crashed out to deep extra cover;
13.1;?;Marsh to Taylor, no run what a ball! An absolute corker from Marsh. Shaped in to the right-hander before straightening, beating his forward defensive. Beautifully bowled;
12.6;4b;Maxwell to Munro, 4 byes this spins past Munro's ugly heave, beating him and the keeper for four.;
12.5;4;Maxwell to Munro, FOUR runs switch-hit podcast! Munro switches to become a right-hander and, staying low, pulls this for four. Remarkable power;
12.4;?;Maxwell to Munro, no run tossed up - really gave this a lot of air - but Munro picks out a very short mid-off;
12.3;1;Maxwell to Taylor, 1 run fast, full, straight and Taylor steals a single to mid-off;
12.2;1;Maxwell to Munro, 1 run pulled off his hip for a single;
12.1;4;Maxwell to Munro, FOUR runs switch, reverse, paddle! Remarkable stroke really - switched to a right-hander before dabbing it to fine leg (or third man) for four;
11.6;1;Watson to Munro, 1 run fuller from Watson and timed, nicely, for a single past mid-on;
11.5;1;Watson to Taylor, 1 run turned off his pads for a single;
11.4;1;Watson to Munro, 1 run ooooh that's a naughty single, very naughty. Coulter Nile picks it up at mid-off and under-arms a return while on the move, but misses;
11.3;?;Watson to Munro, no run a bouncer. Munro's not interested;
11.2;?;Watson to Munro, no run down the pitch and Munro, sporting chewing gum and an active jaw motion, smacks it into the ground back to Watto. Shane leaps, collects, then shies a throw at the stumps, as is his wont;
11.1;?;Watson to Munro, no run short of a length, Munro is in an awful position really - tries to slap this to mid-off? I'm not even sure what he was trying, but the ball is wellied out to cover with no power;
10.6;?;Maxwell to Taylor, no run nicely bowled, fired in on middle and he's defending this to mid-on;
10.5;1;Maxwell to Munro, 1 run down the pitch to a fuller, but leg-side, delivery and clumped out to long-on;
10.4;2;Maxwell to Munro, 2 runs reverse-hit to deep extra cover;
10.3;?;Maxwell to Munro, no run opens the face and smacks it to point;
10.2;W;Maxwell to Anderson, OUT Maxwell's done it again! Anderson's down the pitch, tries to clear long-off but Agar is hovering. He's skied this miles, and Agar's in position and takes it comfortably...on his knees, hands in front of his face, as though imploring the ball into his palm;Corey Anderson c Agar b Maxwell 3 (9m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
10.1;1;Maxwell to Munro, 1 run ooh, Munro's down the pitch but can't get more than a single - crashed to long-off;
9.6;1;Marsh to Munro, 1 run edged! An ugly cross-batted swipe from Munro and he gets an under-edge to the keeper. Or in fact, through the keeper's legs for a single;
9.5;1;Marsh to Anderson, 1 run driven solidly to long-on;
9.4;?;Marsh to Anderson, no run defended solidly;
9.3;1;Marsh to Munro, 1 run comes forward but there's more bounce than he realises, and it's pushed out just short of a diving cover! Coulter-Nile so nearly dives forward to cling on but grasses it;
9.2;1;Marsh to Anderson, 1 run short of a length, Anderson - who looks like the front cover of a Playstation game, playing the action hero - swivels onto a pull;
9.1;1;Marsh to Munro, 1 run Munro stands tall and with long levers powers this to long-off;
9.1;1w;Marsh to Munro, 1 wide piffle. Wide, wide, wide of off;
8.6;1;Maxwell to Munro, 1 run too short and flicked through midwicket for a jogged single;
8.5;1;Maxwell to Anderson, 1 run tickled off his toes for a cheeky single;
8.4;?;Maxwell to Anderson, no run again fast and again flat, on off, and solidly blocked;
8.3;1;Maxwell to Munro, 1 run fired in flat and fast. Munro punches out to cover;
8.2;W;Maxwell to Williamson, OUT Kane's gone! Williamson stepped to leg and tried to smash it for six over the top, but miscues a skier to Agar - Agar! - who takes it comfortably;Kane Williamson c Agar b Maxwell 24 (34m 20b 4x4 0x6) SR: 120;
8.1;1;Maxwell to Munro, 1 run Munro opens his shoulders and smacks it to long-off with disparaging intent;
7.6;1;Faulkner to Munro, 1 run another single to poor old Agar, though this time he collects it and wings back in a throw. Can't prevent the single;
7.5;1;Faulkner to Williamson, 1 run short of a length. Williamson moves to leg before punching it out to cover;
7.4;?;Faulkner to Williamson, no run good line, tucked off his toes but no run on offer;
7.3;1;Faulkner to Munro, 1 run solidly punched to mid-off and Agar's asleep - his fumble bringing a single;
7.2;1;Faulkner to Williamson, 1 run pushed out off the back foot for a single. Think about two but, no. Two would be silly.;
7.1;W;Faulkner to Guptill, OUT oh, he's holed out - short of a length and Guptil goes on the pull but picks out Maxwell at long-on who runs around the boundary and takes a good, low catch while on the move. Smartly pouched;Martin Guptill c Maxwell b Faulkner 39 (27m 27b 2x4 4x6) SR: 144.44;
6.6;?;Zampa to Williamson, no run turns him round a bit there - Williamson's neither forward or back, defending this full, leg-side ball and it squirts out to cover;
6.5;1;Zampa to Guptill, 1 run ah well bowled - flatter and quicker as Guptil came down the pitch to him;
6.4;?;Zampa to Guptill, no run clonked back to the bowler;
6.3;?;Zampa to Guptill, no run down the leg side, swept but it balloons up in the air to the keeper who roars an appeal. Nowhere near the bat though - off his pads;
6.2;1;Zampa to Williamson, 1 run better line, on middle-and-leg, muscled past Zampa who looks peeved that he couldn't stop it;
6.1;1;Zampa to Guptill, 1 run well he starts better than Agar did, though too short and down the leg-side. Swept for a single;
5.6;4;Coulter-Nile to Williamson, FOUR runs oh, this is sweet - the game's first classy shot. It's a loose stray outside off from NCN and Williamson comes forward before opening the face, timing it beautifully to a wide third man for four;
5.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Guptill, 1 run if only you could hear the noise that shot made. A wonderful crack off the bat as he pulls this - but picks out the man at deep square leg;
5.4;6;Coulter-Nile to Guptill, SIX runs shot! That is delicious. Down the pitch and smacked with a golf-swing over the top for six. Utter power;
5.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Williamson, 1 run flicks this off his pads. Good length but too straight;
5.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Guptill, 1 run angled down to third man;
5.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Williamson, 1 run shorter ball, rides up on him and he turns it off his hip;
4.6;1;Faulkner to Williamson, 1 run a turn of the wrists brings Williamson a single to square leg;
4.5;4;Faulkner to Williamson, FOUR runs so close to a midwicket-stunning-catch! Didn't see who. Williamson clipped it powerfully off his toes and it only just evaded midwicket's dive;
4.4;4;Faulkner to Williamson, FOUR runs sweetly struck - just a touch fuller from Faulkner and Williamson chips it over mid-on for four. Not timed as well as he might, perhaps, but elegantly dispatched;
4.3;?;Faulkner to Williamson, no run very good deliver, tempting him outside off. Williamson is so solid in defence, though, that he comes forward with solidarity to block it out;
4.2;?;Faulkner to Williamson, no run short of a length allowing Williamson to rock back, but it cuts back on him marginally and Kane defends;
4.1;?;Faulkner to Williamson, no run starts well, on middle, and it's blocked;
3.6;1;Watson to Williamson, 1 run rides the bounce and punchily defended to mid-off...and they steal a single thanks to a mishap. Bit careless from mid-off there;
3.5;1;Watson to Guptill, 1 run timed the pants off that, a solid punch off the back foot behind square - Maxwell fields beautifully to save two;
3.4;?;Watson to Guptill, no run just outside off and defended;
3.3;?;Watson to Guptill, no run a really good line and length here from Watson, just outside off, and Guptil's in two minds whether to run that to third man or not. Defended.;
3.2;?;Watson to Guptill, no run shorter, and Guptil attempts another pull but picks out short midwicket;
3.1;1;Watson to Williamson, 1 run tucked off his pads to wide fine leg for a single;
2.6;6;Agar to Guptill, SIX runs it's big, it's solid, it's six. Good grief, this Agar experiment has been met with a shake of the head from Smith as Guptil murders him over his head for six more;
2.5;?;Agar to Guptill, no run far better line, just outside off, and full enough too. Blocked;
2.4;?;Agar to Guptill, no run hit with terrifying power back to Agar who stops it neatly with a tumble;
2.3;?;Agar to Guptill, no run Agar's landed this one and Guptil tucks him to leg for a single. No! Sent back.;
2.2;6;Agar to Guptill, SIX runs and again! Identical to the previous delivery - another full-bunger and Guptil heaves it, muscles it for another six;
2.1;6;Agar to Guptill, SIX runs Wellington Boots, that's enormous. An horrific full toss and Guptil mullers it over long-on for a 92-metre monster;
1.6;?;Watson to Williamson, no run Watson yelps an appeal as Williamson's rapped on the pads via an inside edge. Watson retracts his yelp and the umpire doesn't even bother looking at the outrageous appeal;
1.5;4;Watson to Williamson, FOUR runs a waste from Watson and Williamson just tucks this leg-side stray off his toes for four. Easy;
1.4;1;Watson to Guptill, 1 run so close to dragging on! Guptil's onto this shorter ball and gets a thin under edge which evades stumps and keeper;
1.3;?;Watson to Guptill, no run excellent line, this. A touch outside off with a hint of movement away from Guptil, who is forward and defending;
1.2;?;Watson to Guptill, no run again, on the off stump and Guptil clamps down on it, head over the ball;
1.1;?;Watson to Guptill, no run Watto's first ball is right on the money and defended;
0.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Williamson, no run shorter this time and Kane's on the back foot, defending with his usual imperviousness;
0.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Guptill, 1 run on his legs and flicked for a single. Could've got two, actually, but Williamson sends Guptil back;
0.4;4;Coulter-Nile to Guptill, FOUR runs short and he's muscled this! Front-foot pull through mid-on. Typical Guptil. All upper-body strength and power;
0.3;4;Coulter-Nile to Guptill, FOUR runs comes forward, opens the face and edges it down to the vacant third-man boundary for the first runs, and boundary, of the match;
0.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Guptill, no run outside off and Guptil swings and misses. A gimme, really; should've crashed it to the fence;
0.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Guptill, no run left alone outside off. Decent line and the merest hint of away movement;

NCN to open. Guptil to face the first ball
An awful lot of bum-tapping going on out there. We're ready to go. I'll try not to channel Billy Birmingham in this call, but can't promise Bill won't make an appearance.
The anthems! And the two flags are on display, both with the Union Jack in the canton. Not for long, though. New Zealand are dispensing with Britain, replacing their flag with a crude selfie of Baz McCullum.
Weather update You're all panicking about the weather. It's fine, good people of cricket; no rain. The sun is out. We're all good.
Chris David is part of my club: first-name-for-a-surname. You're a good man, David. I mean, Chris. "First Steve Smith took over Captaincy from Finch," he spits, "now he is taking over his place in XI too. Finch deserves to play ahead of Smith in T20's." So there.
2.40pm Roughly 20 minutes until we get under way. Stick the kettle on, crack a beer, or just sit in meditative silence contemplating the unfairness of life.
Aruna: "Can't believe Baz retired weeks before WT20. It's like getting dumped on feb 13th." We're all in mourning, Aruna. His brother isn't playing today either, replaced by McClenaghan, so we're McCullumless for this Trans-Tasman clash.
2.30pm New Zealand have won the toss and will bat. "It looks pretty dry...will be good to have first use of it," says Kane Williamson. McCullum out of this game. No Finch (!), Coulter-Nile in ahead of Hazlewood and Agar plays, along with Zampa.
Smith would've batted too, he says.
February 28, 2010. That was the last time these sides met, which seems peculiar.
NCN v Hazlewood update "Hazlewood not active at all now," says our man at the ground. NCN in pole position.
2.25pm Weather update: it's still fine. The Himalayas are behaving themselves until, I hear, midnight. Bright and sunny and we're good to go. If this doesn't happen, Sid Monga is the man to blame.
"@Stefan: Can't believe you want to head towards the PUB to watch the game," says Saugata. "I guess you can always head to the PUB for a pint or two. The match is just the cherry on the cake - you still get the cake..err..you know what I mean." We all love the PUB.
"What's the weather looking like?" yells Stefan, doubtless pacing around his sitting room. "Should I head down to the pub to watch the game or is it likely to be rained out?" It's sunny and we'll start on time, but you should still head to the pub. Download our app and take us with you.
2.15pm It's still sunny. Sid saw Hazlewood mark out his run, not Nathan Coulter-Nile. Which is curious. "But NCN is bowling in the side net so perhaps a toss-up between him and Hazlewood." So there you go. We don't know. But, you'll be first to know when we know, and together we'll all know.
"it's just a guess [educated guess. ed.] from how the warm-ups have gone," says our man at the ground, Sid Monga, "but the attacks look like this right now: McClenaghan, Milne, Anderson, Sodhi, Santner, Elliott; and Hazlewood, Marsh, Faulkner, Watson, Zampa, Agar.
"Does economic crises making you to do this job again after few years Mr. Will?" asks Shakeena with a big-grin emoticon (:D for those interested). Yes, Shakeena. You're spot on.
There've been a few overnight comments insisting Nathan Coulter-Nile will not succumb to the pressure of being Australia's strike bowler. Time will tell, but it's never much of a help when former players insist, out of hope and faith, that a player will do x, y and z. Good luck NCN.
2.00pm Hi. Welcome to Cricinfo's coverage of this World Twenty20 clash between Australia and New Zealand. I'm Will Luke, and?Ahh. There, that's better. I used to do this commentary stuff a few years ago. I feel like I've just put on my favourite winter jumper; it's good to be back, and hopefully I can keep you informed and amused.
There's a veritable swathe of content to keep you informed and amused, too, far more than when I was last here. Knock yourselves out with this and this preview and this video from Mr Chappell and words and everything. They say the best way to explore a city is to lose yourself in it. So, extending this needless metaphor further, Cricinfo is a city - get lost, but please come back here and read our comms.
I think India have just about got their heads around being spun-out by New Zealand the other night. What a stroke of luck / genius selection by the Kiwis in ramming their team with spin. New pitch today, and it's not expected to turn quite as square, but will doubtless still play a crucial role, as will both teams' selection.
1.50pm "If the practice pitches are anything to go by, there will be a lot of spin," says Sidharth Monga. "Ish Sodhi and Adam Zampa have been turning it square."
New Zealand might just have made a last-minute change from Adam Milne to Mitch McClenaghan. And the weather is still with rain forecast for midnight onwards. Still 40 minutes to go to the toss
Ibrahim Mallak : "I am sure McClenaghan will hold key if he's playing. He has a knack of picking wickets even if he goes for runs! Can't wait for the match to begin "
1.40pm Looks like neither Tim Southee nor Trent Boult will play. Have seen Adam Milne, Corey Anderson and Mitchell McClenaghan mark their run-ups
Josh Hazlewood and Mitchell Marsh have marked their runs for Australia. Both Adam Zampa and Ashton Agar have been seen bowling in the warm-ups
1:30pm: "What is the condition right now .. is it still sunny ??" Stay cool, Rojan. Sidharth Monga confirms that it is "nice and bright". "As of now doesn't seem like any threat of rain," he says.
1:00pm: Good afternoon, everyone. An early weather update from our man Sidharth Monga in Dharamsala: "We have passed the worst hours of the forecast without any rain. It is quite bright right now. Even the sun is out."
 Innings Start
That wraps things up here. Don't forget to join us for England v South Africa shortly, and thanks for your company.
"I thought 150 was par," said Smith. "[But] their spinners bowled extremely well and we didn't respond well; we lost wickets in clumps and couldn't get any partnerships together."
"We were fortunate to play on two wickets so similar," said Williamson. "We adopted similar tactics. On some of these surfaces it's [chasing 140+] a pretty tough total to chase".
Now's a good time to look at the points table, too, before we turn our attention to England v South Africa.
Mitchell McClenaghan is given the player-of-the-match award: "Nice to perform like that but it was as a collective," he said. "The spinners were fantastic and got us back in the game. It's nice to show some teams we can play in these conditions. There still 2 more games [though]."
We'll have reaction from the captains shortly, and Brydon's penning the bulletin as we speak.
A comfortable eight-run win for New Zealand in the end. For the second match, New Zealand posted a total we thought was 20, 25 runs short. Maybe even 30. But again, New Zealand's spinners have been outstandingly controlled, calm under pressure, and - perhaps the most important point - the pitch never offered either side the chance to time the ball properly.
19.6;2;Anderson to Zampa, 2 runs lofted tamely for two, and there's the match for New Zealand;
19.5;W;Anderson to Coulter-Nile, OUT bowled him! Inside edge as NCN tries to carve this somewhere, anywhere, but can only find his stumps;Nathan Coulter-Nile b Anderson 1 (6m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
19.4;1;Anderson to Nevill, 1 run mistimed down the ground but just for a single;
19.3;6;Anderson to Nevill, SIX runs out! No - he's lofted it just over for six! Beautifully timed and Santner, who's not short, leapt up to take it but couldn't reach;
19.2;1;Anderson to Coulter-Nile, 1 run stand-and-deliver from NCN, but mistiming it (how often have I written that today?) for a single to long-off;
19.1;W;Anderson to Faulkner, OUT goddim! Guptil takes a fine catch in the deep as Faulkner, The Finisher, tries to clobber this across the line into the midwicket stand but picks out Guptil who has huge, safe buckets, scooping it up on the run;James Faulkner c Guptill b Anderson 2 (7m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
18.6;1;McClenaghan to Faulkner, 1 run a front-footed slapping flog past the bowler;
18.5;W;McClenaghan to Agar, OUT catch - great catch! Agar understandably goes for a pull on the front foot, attempting to heave it over midwicket for six, but picks out Taylor who - running about 15 or so yards - takes a neat, low catch;Ashton Agar c Taylor b McClenaghan 9 (15m 8b 0x4 1x6) SR: 112.5;
18.4;1;McClenaghan to Faulkner, 1 run clattered out to the off side for a single;
18.3;?;McClenaghan to Faulkner, no run well, ha, a fairly desperate heave over midwicket attempted. He misses;
18.2;1lb;McClenaghan to Agar, 1 leg bye slower ball, off his pads for a single;
18.1;W;McClenaghan to Marsh, OUT outside off but a slower ball, and Marsh has misread it, skying a pull straight down Milne's throat at long-on - and that's a huge, huge wicket!;Mitchell Marsh c Milne b McClenaghan 24 (30m 23b 0x4 2x6) SR: 104.34;
17.6;1;Sodhi to Marsh, 1 run clomped out to the deep;
17.5;1;Sodhi to Agar, 1 run rocks back and cuts - but there's a fumble from the fielder and they're quick to seize a single;
17.4;1;Sodhi to Marsh, 1 run makes contact this time. Driven to cover.;
17.3;?;Sodhi to Marsh, no run plays and misses! Well bowled, Sodhi - classic leggie's delivery, turn and bounce from Marsh's bolshy attempt at a drive;
17.2;1;Sodhi to Agar, 1 run short of a length, Agar rocks back and cuts;
17.1;1;Sodhi to Marsh, 1 run smartly clipped but just for a single;
16.6;6;Santner to Agar, SIX runs Agar dances down the pitch and clatters an 84m over long-on! Top shot;
16.5;1;Santner to Marsh, 1 run pushed out to cover;
16.4;6;Santner to Marsh, SIX runs Marsh plants his front foot, winds the levels and lets rip a crunching blow over long-on. He is power.;
16.3;?;Santner to Marsh, no run again this is so well bowled by Santner - sees Marsh charging down the pitch (well, you can hardly miss him) and drops it short and wide;
16.2;1;Santner to Agar, 1 run turned off middle stump behind square, well - to a short fine leg actually. Scampering brings a single;
16.1;1;Santner to Marsh, 1 run cracked off the back foot to cover;
15.6;?;Sodhi to Agar, no run outside off and blocked once more;
15.5;?;Sodhi to Agar, no run the wrong-un almost deceives Agar, but he played it off the pitch and defended;
15.4;1;Sodhi to Marsh, 1 run too short, allowing Marsh to flip it to leg;
15.3;?;Sodhi to Marsh, no run this is calm, sensible bowling - outside off, too, once again. Defended to cover;
15.2;?;Sodhi to Marsh, no run defended out to mid-off;
15.1;W;Sodhi to Maxwell, OUT Maxwell's on the drive, lofting it, but he's skied it to Williamson at deep extra cover! No chance he'll drop that and he doesn't;Glenn Maxwell c Williamson b Sodhi 22 (24m 23b 2x4 0x6) SR: 95.65;
14.6;1;Santner to Maxwell, 1 run tossed up nicely but his line's off since that six. A single.;
14.5;1;Santner to Marsh, 1 run shorter, and pulled without timing but enough for a single;
14.4;6;Santner to Marsh, SIX runs monster! Ooh, that is fruity - that really is massive, down the pitch and murdering it over long-off. 101m beauty;
14.3;1;Santner to Maxwell, 1 run another reverse hit, a full-toss, to leg;
14.2;?;Santner to Maxwell, no run oops - switches to left-handed mode and, er, well, defends it. He's all of a muddle;
14.1;2;Santner to Maxwell, 2 runs turned off his toes for two - placed that nicely;
13.6;1;Sodhi to Maxwell, 1 run reverse-swept, with some power, but not the placement.;
13.5;1;Sodhi to Marsh, 1 run marginally shorter and again pushed out to point, but just wide of Santner who is wrong-footed and can't get it back in time;
13.4;?;Sodhi to Marsh, no run very, very good line outside off - and again, decent turn. Defended;
13.3;1;Sodhi to Maxwell, 1 run down the pitch - it had to happen! - but can't get hold of it, flogging this to leg;
13.2;?;Sodhi to Maxwell, no run lovely drift, and grip - he's getting decent spin. Pushed out to the offside;
13.1;1;Sodhi to Marsh, 1 run short, tennis-ball bounce - this pitch really is a pudding. Goes for a pull but mistimes;
12.6;1;Milne to Marsh, 1 run no timing, no power - much like New Zealand found at this point, too. Marsh steps back and flaps it into the surface;
12.5;1;Milne to Maxwell, 1 run down the leg side and Maxwell, on the walk, shuffling to leg, shovels it further to leg;
12.4;1lb;Milne to Marsh, 1 leg bye a touch square up to a better, quicker ball and it balloons out to cover;
12.3;1;Milne to Maxwell, 1 run stands tall to push this out to cover for a single;
12.3;1w;Milne to Maxwell, 1 wide down the leg side for another wide;
12.2;4;Milne to Maxwell, FOUR runs and another! Love it from Maxwell. Completely mistimes it (or is this on purpose), trying to pull it but gets a huge inside edge;
12.1;4;Milne to Maxwell, FOUR runs big, floppy, ill-fitting wellington-boots! He's given them some welly and got a humungous inside-edge past the stumps and keeper.;
12.1;1w;Milne to Maxwell, 1 wide down the leg side. A waste.;
11.6;1;Anderson to Maxwell, 1 run Maxwell's having a shocker so far - what's he done here? Mistimed pull-cum-flick, ala Ponting actually but without the timing. Skies it short of deep midwicket;
11.5;1;Anderson to Marsh, 1 run this is good from Anderson - he's around the wicket, incidentally - and Marsh can only defend for a single;
11.4;?;Anderson to Marsh, no run cracked to point;
11.3;1;Anderson to Maxwell, 1 run touch too straight. Maxwell walks into a nurdle;
11.2;?;Anderson to Maxwell, no run another failed reverse-paddle-cum-sweep;
11.1;?;Anderson to Maxwell, no run driven behind square and is this another run-out? No. But their running is shambolic;
10.6;1;Santner to Maxwell, 1 run drops this square for a quick single. They'll have to be quick! And they are - fair play. Well run.;
10.5;?;Santner to Maxwell, no run a slightly daft reverse-sweep attempt - Santner sees him coming and fires it down the leg side;
10.4;?;Santner to Maxwell, no run beauty, a corker - beat him with the spin, which turned past Maxwell, but actually he was done by the pace. Much quicker ball;
10.3;1;Santner to Marsh, 1 run outside off, cut to deep extra cover. Santner's control is excellent, as is his ability to alter his pace;
10.2;?;Santner to Marsh, no run slower, given much more air and solidly defended on the front foot;
10.1;W;Santner to Warner, OUT he's holed out! Warner's gone for a huge pull and picked out deep midwicket who barely has to move!;David Warner c Guptill b Santner 6 (13m 11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 54.54;
9.6;?;Sodhi to Maxwell, no run another very good ball tossed up on middle-and-off, and defended;
9.5;2;Sodhi to Maxwell, 2 runs less caution this time, slapping it neatly to long-off;
9.4;?;Sodhi to Maxwell, no run excellent leggie's line, just outside off and drifting further into middle. Maxwell is cautiously forward;
9.3;1;Sodhi to Warner, 1 run Warner more confidently onto the front foot and tapping it through midwicket;
9.2;?;Sodhi to Warner, no run well bowled - the wrong-un outside off. Warner misreads it;
9.1;1;Sodhi to Maxwell, 1 run leg-side stray;
8.6;W;Elliott to Warner, 1 run, OUT driven powerfully down the ground for a single - no, they'll take two. They'll have to be quick, mind - he's out! Khawaja's short! A brilliant throw from the deep and Usman's not the quickest, and is an inch short;Usman Khawaja run out (Milne/Elliott) 38 (37m 27b 6x4 0x6) SR: 140.74;
8.5;1;Elliott to Khawaja, 1 run ooh, catch is the cry, but Elliott can't reach it - Khawaja goes on the pull but, for possibly the first time today, mistimes it and it lobs past the bowler;
8.4;2;Elliott to Khawaja, 2 runs another walking flick from Khawaja who turns this through midwicket, elegantly so;
8.3;?;Elliott to Khawaja, no run outside off, angled to third man;
8.2;2;Elliott to Khawaja, 2 runs lovely timing here - shorter delivery and it does rise a touch on the left-hander, but he times this nicely wide of long-on;
8.1;1;Elliott to Warner, 1 run too short and pulled, without timing, to long-on;
7.6;?;Williamson to Khawaja, no run short of a length, Usman rocks back and cuts;
7.5;1;Williamson to Warner, 1 run Warner, who is energetic and busy already, clips to leg;
7.4;?;Williamson to Warner, no run gives this a lot of flight and Warner eyes up a cover-drive, stepping to leg but only timing it to cover;
7.3;1;Williamson to Khawaja, 1 run full toss, clumped for a single to long-on;
7.2;1;Williamson to Warner, 1 run straighter, and Warner turns to leg;
7.1;?;Williamson to Warner, no run plays and misses! Lovely flight, dip and turn;
6.6;1;Santner to Warner, 1 run this is too short, allowing Warner to rock back and time it past point;
6.5;?;Santner to Warner, no run defends his first delivery;
6.4;W;Santner to Smith, OUT superb bowling. He gave this more flight, a tough wider too, luring Smith into dancing down the pitch, it gripped and spun away and the bails were whipped off;Steven Smith st ?Ronchi b Santner 6 (4m 7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 85.71;
6.3;?;Santner to Smith, no run oh, well bowled - touch slower and Smith is very, very cautiously defending. Almost squared up;
6.2;?;Santner to Smith, no run down the pitch and gets a leading edge to mid-off;
6.1;1;Santner to Khawaja, 1 run drops this a bit too short and Usman cuts hard to the man on the deep point boundary;
5.6;2;McClenaghan to Smith, 2 runs too full and Smith's turning this for two off his twinkly toes;
5.5;?;McClenaghan to Smith, no run "no run" is the call from Smith who drills it to mid-off;
5.4;4;McClenaghan to Smith, FOUR runs crikey moses, he has timed that quite superbly. Textbook cover drive. No more need be said.;
5.3;?;McClenaghan to Smith, no run well bowled! Another slowy and it deceives Smith who plays and misses;
5.2;W;McClenaghan to Watson, OUT Watto's fallen, hook, line and sinker - I think that may have been a slower ball, and he's driven it straight to mid-off;Shane Watson c Williamson b McClenaghan 13 (22m 12b 1x4 0x6) SR: 108.33;
5.1;2;McClenaghan to Watson, 2 runs elegantly on-driven here for two;
4.6;1;Anderson to Watson, 1 run ooh, inside edge as he tries to cut this but it's much too full. Lucky not to drag it on;
4.5;1;Anderson to Khawaja, 1 run reasonably outrageous walking-smash to mid-on is mistimed;
4.4;1;Anderson to Watson, 1 run Watson's pulling this shorter delivery which causes a lot of excitement in the crowd, before realising he didn't get hold of it at all;
4.3;1;Anderson to Khawaja, 1 run another of Khawaja walking flicks, as he takes this from outside off through midwicket;
4.2;1;Anderson to Watson, 1 run good line again, but powerfully punched by Watson back to the bowler who's forced to block it from smacking into his face. Not quite sure how he misread that;
4.1;?;Anderson to Watson, no run angled into middle and straightening a touch, clumped to mid-on. Can't get hold of it.;
3.6;?;McClenaghan to Khawaja, no run slower ball outside off, angled to short third man;
3.5;1;McClenaghan to Watson, 1 run Watto turns it to mid-on and he's in trouble here if this hits. Anderson - ah, no! A fumble at mid-on;
3.4;1;McClenaghan to Khawaja, 1 run a much, much better length - more of that, New Zealand. Touch slower too, and Usman can only turn it to leg for a single;
3.3;4;McClenaghan to Khawaja, FOUR runs dismissive! Absolutely dismissive. Khawaja sees this shorter delivery and cracks it beautifully on one leg over midwicket for four;
3.2;?;McClenaghan to Khawaja, no run so close! McClenaghan's throaty appeal demands the umpire to take a look as he wraps the left-hander on the pads. It cut back sharply but ... just going over the top, we feel;
3.1;1;McClenaghan to Watson, 1 run straight, straight enough for a whip off his legs;
2.6;1;Elliott to Watson, 1 run a stolen single and Australia are marching ahead;
2.5;?;Elliott to Watson, no run much fuller this time and straighter, too.;
2.4;4;Elliott to Watson, FOUR runs well, four more. I'm afraid that's just poor bowling. Short, wide and crunched;
2.3;1;Elliott to Khawaja, 1 run straighter this time and flicked to leg with wristy impunity;
2.2;4;Elliott to Khawaja, FOUR runs smash! On the up from Khawaja, reminded me of Saeed Anwar, flogging it over cover;
2.1;?;Elliott to Khawaja, no run fired in on the off stump, pushed out to nmid-off;
1.6;1;Milne to Khawaja, 1 run a lovely flowing drive, once more, but to mid-off;
1.5;?;Milne to Khawaja, no run bowled. Faster, fuller, straighter. Defended;
1.4;4;Milne to Khawaja, FOUR runs absolutely nailed a cut for four but it's a gift from Milne, floating outside off and Usman, in this mood, needs no second invitation. He really has timed the underwear off that;
1.3;?;Milne to Khawaja, no run on the pull but misses it completely;
1.2;4;Milne to Khawaja, FOUR runs he's flying here. A bit uppish perhaps but he's buzzing with confidence and picks up this half-volley over mid-on - just over - for four more;
1.1;?;Milne to Khawaja, no run short of a length and tries to clatter this through the covers but gets an inside edge to the leg side;
0.6;1;Anderson to Khawaja, 1 run edged down to third man;
0.5;4;Anderson to Khawaja, FOUR runs beautiful! Lovely, elegant, Goweresque and flowing drive through the covers for four;
0.4;1;Anderson to Watson, 1 run on his legs and tucked for a single;
0.3;1;Anderson to Khawaja, 1 run short again - too short - and the left-hander cuts past point but just for a single;
0.2;4;Anderson to Khawaja, FOUR runs shot, shot - too straight from Anderson and short enough for Usman to swivel and pound this with beautiful timing through midwicket;
0.1;?;Anderson to Khawaja, no run very full and a touch of swing away from the left-hander who drives out to cover;

Anderson to begin over the wicket
 Innings Start
New Zealand
Australia
17th Match, Super 10 Group 2 (D/N), Dharamsala, Mar 18 2016, World T20
142/8
134/9
Player of the match is Mitchell McClenaghan, NZ
New Zealand won by 8 runs
