Data

Corniel Seddon: "Have to agree with KJSays and also our two specialist spinners aren't bad either. It'll be a tough score to defend but early wickets could definitely make it possible for us to win this one!" Hari Narayan : "I feel Maxwell's work isn't done. He is key for the Aussies sunny: "@ Mike with no scoreboard pressure Warner and Finch can play themselves in and with Smith and Maxwell in the side this is just going to be a walk in the park" Steven: "Top order may not be in form, but Marsh and SMith, Australia's 2 accumlators are in form and this is the kind of game that you have them here for" Todd: "Warner and Finch haven't score runs in 18 months. Marsh, Maxwell and Wade still have a point to prove at this level and I didn't even realise Stoinis was playing. This game is still very much alive."
3.41pm What a start for Australia. This will feel very, very good for them. They backed their three superstar pacers in the team together and they got 5 for 68 from them. More importantly, they backed Maxwell's bowling over Agar today and he has delivered more than was asked. Zampa had a great day too. South Africa looked good for about an over after being put in, but it was a series of scrappy dismissals, one after another, and only Markram showed any real confidence through the middle overs. These may be bowler friendly conditions, but defending 118 is a tall order. We'll be back for the chase with Gnasher, shortly.
19.6;2;Starc to Rabada, 2 runs run-out appeal at the non-striker's end. This is a full toss following Rabada down leg, he hauls it to deep midwicket's right and Shamsi comes back for the second, puts in the dive, and makes his ground before the ball's arrived at the stumps;
19.5;1b;Starc to Shamsi, 1 bye yorker from around the wicket, curves away from off stump as Shamsi backs away to protect his toes and has a flap at it. Beaten, but Rabada alert to get to the other end;
19.4;W;Starc to Nortje, OUT easy grab at extra cover. Full and at the stumps from around the wicket, closes the face and gets a leading edge for Finch to grab;Anrich Nortje c Finch b Starc 2 (14m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
19.3;1lb;Starc to Rabada, 1 leg bye yorker tailing in furiously at Rabada's toes, manages to save them and squeeze this towards short fine off his pads;
19.2;6;Starc to Rabada, SIX runs swatted over long-on, one-handed! Very baseball. Lovely full toss at a leg stump line, watches that closely and swings in long-on's direction. It's come right off the middle and has enough to clear him by some distance;
19.1;2;Starc to Rabada, 2 runs full and just outside off, clears the front leg and drives to long-on's right;
18.6;1;Cummins to Rabada, 1 run full and at the stumps, patted past the bowler with a straight bat;
18.5;1b;Cummins to Nortje, 1 bye full and wide outside off, can't get bat on it, but Wade doesn't gather cleanly;
18.4;1lb;Cummins to Rabada, 1 leg bye full and into the pads, looks to flick and can't make connection;
18.3;?;Cummins to Rabada, no run slower bouncer, pitching outside leg and rising at the head. Ducks to leave that;
18.2;2;Cummins to Rabada, 2 runs high-ish full toss on leg stump, swings across the line of that and gets it close to the sticker. Two to long-on's left;
18.1;?;Cummins to Rabada, no run yorker following him down leg side, flicks it onto his pad and it trickles down to Cummins;
17.6;2;Starc to Nortje, 2 runs low full toss at off stump, opens the face and carves this to third man's right;
17.5;1;Starc to Rabada, 1 run good length and just outside off, looks to lift that over extra cover but the bat turns too much and this plonks into the turf in front of sweeper;
17.4;?;Starc to Rabada, no run good length and moving away from the corridor as Rabada clears the front leg and looks to hit it over the bowler;
17.3;?;Starc to Rabada, no run full and dipping into leg stump, clears the front foot for the slog, but that's come off the inside half of the bat;
17.2;?;Starc to Rabada, no run yorker nailed at off stump, with some dip inwards. Jammed down the pitch;
17.1;W;Starc to Markram, OUT one goes Starc's way at last! This will feel good. He's around the wicket, looking to fire in the yorker. Misses out marginally - it's headed down leg and is at driving length. Markram wants to use his pace and angle to chip this between deep midwicket and long-on, but he's managed to find the former with precision. Looked good but he's fallen short of batting through the innings;Aiden Markram c Maxwell b Starc 40 (74m 36b 3x4 1x6) SR: 111.11;
16.6;?;Hazlewood to Rabada, no run yorker at leg stump, pushed down the pitch;
16.5;?;Hazlewood to Rabada, no run low full toss at leg stump, following him a little. Looks to flick and gets a leading edge back towards the bowler;
16.4;4;Hazlewood to Rabada, FOUR runs slapped past mid-off! Signs that is a pretty good batting pitch. Good length and across the corridor, but sits up and comes on nicely. Rabada backs away and sends this past Markram's face on the up;
16.3;?;Hazlewood to Rabada, no run good length and tight at middle stump, backs away and pats it down the pitch;
16.2;1;Hazlewood to Markram, 1 run low full toss outside off, looks to carve it through cover, gets it off the inside part of the toe end to long-on;
16.2;1w;Hazlewood to Markram, 1 wide full and very wide outside off, left alone;
16.1;6;Hazlewood to Markram, SIX runs sweet! Markram playing a different game at the other end, keeping his team in this. Short of a length and just outside off, and he gets the front foot out and is so stable as he swings this over the midwicket boundary with a pull;
15.6;?;Zampa to Rabada, no run yorker length at middle stump, clears the front leg and jams it into the covers;
15.5;1;Zampa to Markram, 1 run full at leg stump, leans in and flicks to deep midwicket;
15.4;?;Zampa to Markram, no run short and wide outside off, gets the toe end on his cut, straight to point;
15.3;1;Zampa to Rabada, 1 run good length at middle stump, flicked to long-on with the turn;
15.2;?;Zampa to Rabada, no run good length at middle stump, defended off the back foot;
15.1;1;Zampa to Markram, 1 run full at middle stump, steps out and drills it along the turf to deep midwicket;
14.6;?;Cummins to Rabada, no run good length and just outside off, punched to extra cover off the back foot;
14.5;?;Cummins to Rabada, no run looks like he's struck him on the helmet. Banged in short and headed towards his throat. Rabada takes his eyes off as he makes a late to decision to duck it, but that is an awkward line and hits him around the chin area. He's on his feet and shows the thumbs up as Cummins checks on him;
14.4;?;Cummins to Rabada, no run short of a length and across the corridor, left alone;
14.3;W;Cummins to Maharaj, OUT oh dear, this is turning into an embarrassing first day for South Africa. Short of a length ball just outside off, he stabs it towards point who has a shy at the non-striker's stumps and misses. Maharaj wants the overthrow but Markram's got his back turned on him as he was stretching to get back from the previous throw. Maharaj has hared down already and then slips as he looks to turn back. The throw is very wide at the striker's end but Maharaj's recovery time means Wade can hold it to his right, turn to his left and take aim, before diving to the stumps to break them well before Maharaj can come close;Keshav Maharaj run out (Maxwell/?Wade) 0 (5m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
14.2;?;Cummins to Maharaj, no run good length and just outside off, gets forward and defends to extra cover;
14.1;1;Cummins to Markram, 1 run good length and just outside off, walks into the line of this and shovels uppishly to long-on;
13.6;W;Zampa to Pretorius, OUT got him! Pretorius looking to cut again, but unlike the last one, this is a climbing legbreak at pace just outside off. You'd argue it's still too close to cut. He's had a hurried flap at it and got a decent amount of outside edge on it. Neat grab from Wade;Dwaine Pretorius c ?Wade b Zampa 1 (4m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
13.5;1;Zampa to Markram, 1 run good length at middle stump, gets forward and whips against the turn towards long-on;
13.4;1;Zampa to Pretorius, 1 run short of a length and skidding low on in the corridor, shapes to cut and just manages to get it away off the inder-edge;
13.3;W;Zampa to Miller, OUT lbw looks plumb and is given, but Miller reviews immediately. Has he got bat on that or is he counting on it pitching outside leg? Remember, Zampa is over the wicket to him. He's been struck in front of the stumps trying to sweep a full ball from middle stump. No bat on it says third umpire, and that is a slider from Zampa. Not a legbreak. So it's gone on straight from a leg stump line and caught Miller's bent back leg on the thigh, right in front of middle stump, which would have been knocked back if the leg wasn't in the way. Plumb.;David Miller lbw b Zampa 16 (27m 18b 0x4 0x6) SR: 88.88;
13.2;2;Zampa to Miller, 2 runs googly, tossed right up at middle stump. Gets to the pitch of that and opens the face to run this to extra cover's right. Marsh dives but it evades him;
13.1;1;Zampa to Markram, 1 run full and just outside off, jams it down to long-off with the turn;
12.6;?;Hazlewood to Miller, no run short of a length and tight at leg stump, he shapes to pull but that has skidded on and kept low. Thick edge to midwicket;
12.5;2;Hazlewood to Miller, 2 runs good length and just outside off, closes the face and nudges this into the vacant midwicket region with soft hands;
12.4;1;Hazlewood to Markram, 1 run good length at middle stump, pushed uppishly to long-on;
12.3;1;Hazlewood to Miller, 1 run good length and just outside off, nervous flick to midwicket's left and yet another tight single;
12.2;1;Hazlewood to Markram, 1 run full and just outside off, mistimed drive off the toe-end, to mid-off's left;
12.1;1;Hazlewood to Miller, 1 run run-out appeal. Short of a length outside off, looks to squeeze that to third man and gets an inside edge in Wade's direction. They sneak the run, he hits the stumps direct at the non-striker's, but Miller had stretched and made his ground easily;
11.6;4;Maxwell to Markram, FOUR runs shot. Short and wide outside off, Markram rocks onto the back foot and slashes this firmly past backward point;
11.5;1;Maxwell to Miller, 1 run close run-out chance off his own bowling. Good length outisde off, reaches out and pushes this to Maxwell's left, around the short midwicket area. He's onto it quickly with his left hand and then turns ever so quickly as he switches the ball to his right hand and has a shy at the non-striker's. Miller was diving and possibly out with a direct hit;
11.4;1;Maxwell to Markram, 1 run good length at leg stump, hurriedly flicked to deep midwicket;
11.3;?;Maxwell to Markram, no run good length and skidding on at middle and leg line, gets an inside edge onto pad as he looks to whip off the back foot;
11.2;1;Maxwell to Miller, 1 run short at off stump, clears the front leg for the pull, gets a thick outside edge to deep midwicket;
11.1;1;Maxwell to Markram, 1 run short of a length outside off, steps out and punches to long-off;
10.6;?;Zampa to Miller, no run good length at middle stump, flicked to midwicket off the front foot;
10.5;?;Zampa to Miller, no run short of a length and tight at the body, cops that on the thigh as he looks to punch through midwicket off the back foot;
10.4;1;Zampa to Markram, 1 run short of a length and pushed through quick outside off, backs away and punches to sweeper;
10.3;1;Zampa to Miller, 1 run full and just outside off, driven into the pitch and to Zampa's left. He lunges to stop it in the follow through but can't collect;
10.2;2;Zampa to Miller, 2 runs full and pushed through at the toes, gets forward and flicks it between deep square and deep mid;
10.1;?;Zampa to Miller, no run good length and sliding into the pad as he gets deep and looks to flick;
9.6;1;Maxwell to Miller, 1 run full and straight, driven down to ground to long-off;
9.5;1;Maxwell to Markram, 1 run flicks a straight delivery to deep midwicket;
9.4;?;Maxwell to Markram, no run short of a length outside off, can't beat cover with a back-foot drive;
9.3;1;Maxwell to Miller, 1 run worked into midwicket;
9.2;2;Maxwell to Miller, 2 runs tucks a straight delivery through midwicket and the placement allows the second;
9.1;?;Maxwell to Miller, no run round the wicket, full at the pads, clipped to short fine leg;
8.6;?;Starc to Markram, no run that one nearly gets through! Full at leg stump, hint of shape, Markram makes to get the bat on it;
8.5;1;Starc to Miller, 1 run a straight full toss, not quite coming out right for Starc, but only costs a single as it's clipped to deep midwicket;
8.4;1;Starc to Markram, 1 run goes short, looked a slightly round-arm action, drags a pull down to long leg;
8.3;4;Starc to Markram, FOUR runs between the wickets there's been some great drives today, this is another as Markram gets a stride forward and places it between cover and mid-off;
8.2;2;Starc to Markram, 2 runs full on the pads, wrong line, clipped in front of square through the leg side;
8.1;?;Starc to Markram, no run length ball outside off, driven square and finds backward point;
7.6;W;Cummins to Klaasen, OUT taken at backward point! Full at off stump, he's aiming to the leg side, the bat face closes, takes a leading edge and is well taken diving forward;Heinrich Klaasen c Smith b Cummins 13 (19m 13b 2x4 0x6) SR: 100;
7.5;1;Cummins to Markram, 1 run the bottom hand comes into play as he shovels this down to long-on;
7.4;?;Cummins to Markram, no run short on off stump, stands tall and punches off the back foot to cover;
7.3;1;Cummins to Klaasen, 1 run tucked off the pads backward of square down to long leg;
7.2;4;Cummins to Klaasen, FOUR runs great shot! Full outside off with some width, threads the drive wide of mid-off. Power and placement;
7.1;1;Cummins to Markram, 1 run full at off stump, he's right across the stumps and clips into midwicket. Was a slower ball at 114kph;
6.6;?;Zampa to Klaasen, no run a short delivery pushed through, he goes for the pull and gets a bottom edge into his pads;
6.5;4;Zampa to Klaasen, FOUR runs strikes this well, it's a slog-sweep from outside off but it goes very square...perfectly between the two deep fielders;
6.4;1;Zampa to Markram, 1 run touch quicker, 94kph, and slides on, he's able to work it down to long-on;
6.3;3;Zampa to Klaasen, 3 runs steps back to leg to a delivery outside off, square cuts through backward point, a superb save by Marsh running around the point boundary...full-length dive and flick back;
6.2;1;Zampa to Markram, 1 run very full outside off, driven into the pitch and it goes out to cover who can't quite get it with a dive;
6.1;1lb;Zampa to Klaasen, 1 leg bye full at the pads, bobbles to the leg side;
5.6;1;Cummins to Klaasen, 1 run full and straight, a punchy on-drive can't quite beat the infield;
5.5;1;Cummins to Markram, 1 run goes fuller, drives and the inside goes into his boot then to the off side, some hesitancy over the run but it's safe in the end;
5.4;4;Cummins to Markram, FOUR runs well timed! That's a superb shot. Just back of a length outside off, Markram drives it on his toes wide of mid-off;
5.3;?;Cummins to Markram, no run strangled appeal for lbw...he shuffled across the stumps and went to pull to the leg side. Struck outside the line;
5.2;?;Cummins to Markram, no run fuller, at the stumps, pushed towards mid-off;
5.1;?;Cummins to Markram, no run short of a length, straight, played into midwicket;
4.6;?;Hazlewood to Klaasen, no run another good delivery, nips back from just short of a length, defended to the leg side and it's a wicket maiden. Brilliant stuff from Hazlewood;
4.5;?;Hazlewood to Klaasen, no run full at off stump, 140kph, defended to cover;
4.4;?;Hazlewood to Klaasen, no run touch fuller, outside off, he's across the crease and defends to midwicket;
4.3;?;Hazlewood to Klaasen, no run punched off the back foot square to backward point;
4.2;?;Hazlewood to Klaasen, no run back of a length outside off, cut off the bottom edge into the pitch;
4.1;W;Hazlewood to de Kock, OUT he's played it on! What a way to go. He moved across well outside off stump to scoop a back-of-a-length delivery, plays it into his thigh pad, it bounces into the crease and the backspin takes it into the stumps. Blimey, de Kock will feel a bit hard done by there. One of the more curious 'bowled' dismissals you'll see;Quinton de Kock b Hazlewood 7 (21m 12b 1x4 0x6) SR: 58.33;
3.6;1;Maxwell to de Kock, 1 run reverse sweep, a bottom edge saves him from a very big lbw shout, scuttles away through short third;
3.5;?;Maxwell to de Kock, no run steps to leg again and square drives, can't beat cover for the second time in the over;
3.4;4;Maxwell to de Kock, FOUR runs dragged down too short, he rocks back and pulls it over wide mid-on;
3.3;?;Maxwell to de Kock, no run round the wicket, gives himself room to the leg side and drives to cover;
3.2;1;Maxwell to Markram, 1 run uses his feet and works it off the stumps out to deep midwicket;
3.1;?;Maxwell to Markram, no run full outside off, pushed to mid-on;
2.6;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run fuller outside off, slices across the drive a little bit and it runs to point. Superb over from Hazlewood;
2.5;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run a middle-and-leg line, punched off the pads to midwicket;
2.4;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run takes the pad again as aims to whip to the leg side, Hazlewood making sure he doesn't give a drive ball;
2.3;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run back of a length at middle and off, 136kph, gets an inside edge into the pads as he aims to work it away;
2.2;1;Hazlewood to Markram, 1 run another edge! Back of a length outside off, pushing away from the body, but this goes wide of the single slip;
2.1;W;Hazlewood to van der Dussen, OUT edged, caught behind! He strikes first ball. Lovely delivery, in the channel outside off, a Test-match length, van der Dussen pushing off the back foot and it's through to Wade;Rassie van der Dussen c ?Wade b Hazlewood 2 (5m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
1.6;1;Maxwell to van der Dussen, 1 run on the back foot and works into the leg side;
1.5;1;Maxwell to de Kock, 1 run round the wicket, short outside leg stump, pulled powerfully backward of square but deep square can intercept. Gets away with that;
1.4;1;Maxwell to van der Dussen, 1 run full outside off, whips it with the wrists through midwicket;
1.3;W;Maxwell to Bavuma, OUT through him! Maxwell strikes. Pushed through a touch quicker, but think he's basically missed a straight one. It did turn a little, very awkward position Bavuma got himself in;Temba Bavuma b Maxwell 12 (9m 7b 2x4 0x6) SR: 171.42;
1.2;1;Maxwell to de Kock, 1 run round the wicket, angled in full at leg stump, pushed down the ground;
1.1;1;Maxwell to Bavuma, 1 run over the wicket, full and straight, clipped out to deep midwicket;
0.6;?;Starc to de Kock, no run short and wide, but doesn't get any timing as he drives off the back foot to cover. Good start for South Africa;
0.5;1;Starc to Bavuma, 1 run edged this time, reaching out away from his body, but it's safely down to third;
0.4;4;Starc to Bavuma, FOUR runs through the off side again, it's finding the middle, Starc full with a touch more width outside off, it doesn't swing back, Bavuma gets well forward and drives square through point;
0.3;4;Starc to Bavuma, FOUR runs terrific shot! He's nailed that. Full outside off, comes forward and drives powerfully wide of mid-pff;
0.2;?;Starc to Bavuma, no run good length at off stump, 137kph, driven to mid-off;
0.1;2;Starc to Bavuma, 2 runs full at the stumps, comes forward and drives nicely through the covers. Hint of swing;

Mitchell Starc will take the new ball. Slip in place
1.55pm We are almost set! The teams out for the anthems
1.50pm Mark: "Not a bad opening clash! One of the three biggest possible, I think, given the history between these two sides. Whoever wins carries a lot of brownie points through into their remaining games."
Craig: "don't really understand how you can leave Agar out. they're a better balanced team with him in, and he's been their form t20 bowler the past 12 months, despite interruptions."
1.40pm A lot of Australia's planning around the last two years has been based on two specialist spinners, but it's three quicks and one now. Having Glenn Maxwell there, though, makes a difference. It's the first time Starc, Cummins and Hazlewood will play together in a T20I. Sampath from our stats team adds: "They together played in six T20s (for Sydney Sixers in CLT20 2012) and ended up winning all
Finn: "A really strong looking SA side but they are heavily relying on pretorius to bowl his 4 and the others to perform as they don't have a 6th option. A bit of risk I think."
Shaikh Imtiyaz: "Why Faf not playing??" CSA have said they couldn't make it work with him now he's a freelance cricketer.
HMQ: "@Finn, they do have Markram who can be very effective on spin friendly pitches "
1.30pm Australia win the toss and bowl "Looks like a really good wicket and we don't see it changing," Aaron Finch says. Ashton Agar has been left out.
Temba Bavuma admits he's a bit nervous. "It's a big privilege," he said.
Australia Aaron Finch, David Warner, Mitchell Marsh, Glenn Maxwell, Steve Smith, Marcus Stoinis, Matthew Wade, Pat Cummins, Mitchell Starc, Adam Zampa, Josh Hazlewood
South Africa Temba Bavuma, Quinton de Kock, Aiden Markram, Rassie van der Dussen, David Miller, Heinrich Klaasen, Dwaine Pretorius, Kagiso Rabada, Keshav Maharaj, Anrich Nortje, Tabraiz Shamsi
1.25pm Mustafa Moudi: "Australia looks a dangerous side on paper but they looks just the opposite if we consider their form. Warner is going through a ?lean patch, Finch isnt in great touch either. Wade, Marsh and Christian are unreliable while Cummins-Starc have not played any cricket recently. They heavily rely on Smith and Maxwell currently!" Christian is only a reserve but, yes, a lot of the rest is very valid. Perhaps a touch harsh on Marsh given recent form
1.15pm Just to go back to yesterday, here's a reminder of the big story that played out on a famous day for Namibia
Aayushman: "Hoping to see Ashton Agar shine today. He dismantled the Proteas with a hattrick in T20I last year...I wouldn't mind seeing a three-man spin attack for Australia either. Mitchell Swepson can be dangerous and sometimes more effective than Zampa."
Dipanjan Show: "The preview by Andrew Fidel Fernando made me laugh my stomach out, especially the ones about Australia, Sri Lanka."
You can also follow this game over on our new-look Live Report, which today is in the safe hands of Alagappan Muthu.
In the USA, you can watch the match live on ESPN+ in English and in Hindi.
1.05pm One of the Australia players with a lot of focus on them heading into this tournament, largely because of the role he is set to play, is Marcus Stoinis. He spoke to Alex Malcolm a few weeks ago about his ambitions. In general, Australia's batting order has been a talking point which Tom Moody discusses here. And here's Dale Steyn's thoughts on South Africa
1.00pm Atit: "Josh Hazelwood was good and economical for CSK. He might be a good candidate compare to Pat Cummins / Kane Richardson." Yep, think there's a very good chance Hazlewood plays today.
Paarth: "I've been fortunate to see SA a lot in white ball. They have several seriously talented batters but you never see them bat as a unit they never get 3 or 4 players contributing well. If these batters can contribute more consistently they can surprise everyone"
Here's an alternative preview to the Super 12s from Andrew Fidel Fernando
The way the teams have qualified for this stage means this group, with Sri Lanka and Bangladesh, is very tough. Very tough to pick who will go through
12.50pm Hello and welcome to opening match of the Super 12s of the tournament with Australia facing South Africa. There was plenty to enjoy in the first week of the competition, now will this stage throw up? I'm Andrew McGlashan and along with Varun Shetty will bring you all the action from this one. Let's get straight into it with the preview for this clash. Are either of these sides one you think could win the tournament? There's been a bit more detail from both sides as well with Aaron Finch confirming that Australia will go with four frontline bowlers (very interesting to see who misses out) while South Africa will have Tabraiz Shamsi available after an injury scare.

 Innings Start
5.50pm And that is all from our coverage of this game. England vs West Indies is underway shortly, so head over there to join Alan Gardner. From Gnasher, Raghav, and myself, it's goodbye.
Finch: The dugout was probably a bit more relaxed than I was. Anytime it comes down to the wire but Stoinis and Wade kept their cool there. It's what experience can do. Maxwell did a really good job. We felt there were good match-ups for him in the powerplay, and then Miller came in and they couldn't go hard, they were in a bit of a holding pattern [so it worked out]. Ideally I would have been able to push him for a third in the powerplay (Hazlewood), he's a world class bowler in any form of the game. People say that's easy in this format but when you get it right on a pitch with variation, it can get tough. There's never been any issue for us - we know people need to rest and I think for the longevity of Australian cricket it's a great thing. Nice to get the experienced guys back because it counts in a World Cup. South Africa as good a fielding team as you get, in a big ground you think you can exploit [but they gave nothing away]. In the end we needed a bit of luck to go our way and we got it.
Bavuma: We want to talk about us being resilient, big effort to the guys getting it to the last over. With the bat - that was definitely not according to plan. Good effort to the bowlers to get it to that stage. I think Australia bowled well, probably barring the fast bowler. They adjusted to conditions, hitting that back of the length. Their spinners too, they didn't give us anything. Credit to Aiden, but as a batting team, definitely not to plan. As much as it isn't a day that didn't go to plan, there are positives to take from it. We spoke about it at half time that we weren't going to leave anything out there.
Hazlewood: I think length was the key, hitting the right length, just on top of the stumps. Anything slightly short or fuller seemed easy, so length was key. The wicket seamed reasonably good, but it was a little bit stoppy, a little bit slow. It plays that way during the day and gets easier at night. We've got a number of allrounder there and Maxi was the man today to bowl the four. It sort of got close in the end but we've got finishers and we were confident in them.
Josh Hazlewood is the Player of the Match.



Michael: "In World Cup's you don't have to win pretty, you just have to win and the boys got the job done today" Mustafa Moudi: "Never been fan of Stoinis as a Finisher but seems like he has improved in that role. Though this was not as much a tough task but I hope he can finish it for the Aussies in difficult situations too !!" Samiru: "Markram getting out in the early 18th over cost SA 10 runs or so, and that turned out to be the difference. Shows the importance of a set batter continuing to the last ball on these pitches." Alex Steinberg: "SA has done well to take this deep. But defending this kind of total requires razor-sharp fielding and we haven't been up to scratch today." Mohit: "Amazing partnership of 40 in last 26 balls. The difference in the end." Salman: "SA were always 10-15 runs behind the par score. Good game though. Wouldn't help Aussies run rate cause in this group of death " Mark Sheridan: "Anticipated result at the halfway stage, but boy didn't that turn out to be a thriller--the beauty of the game!" James: "As an Aussie its weird having a middle-order you can trust while having a top-order that's a liability" Todd: "So today we learn that Australia has a top class bowling attack and an extremely fragile and nervous group of batters.Checks out."



5.32pm They were in it, they looked out, and then a repeat before Australia's last two specialist batters have taken them over the line. For Stoinis, a big relief. They've entrusted him with this kind of role over the years and it has paid off and brought them two points to open their campaign. Can be argued it never should have got this far, but it was game with two good bowling units who used the conditions well. They'll be pleased it was 119 they were chasing and not any more. Ultimately, the target was small enough that it wasn't complete chaos in the chase. South Arica showing again that they will never be an easy side to beat in the field, but it was runs that let them down today. A pretty ordinary effort after being put in, and they'll know better than anyone that that's where they lost this game. Lots of work to do yet.
19.4;4;Pretorius to Stoinis, FOUR runs finishes it off! Full toss at middle stump, just had to get it in front of square with this slog, and he manages to do that. No one at the midwicket boundary and that trickles in;
19.3;?;Pretorius to Stoinis, no run good length and just outside off, driven firmly but straight to mid-off;
19.2;4;Pretorius to Stoinis, FOUR runs get out of the way! Absolutely hammered past the umpire. It's a good length ball at off stump at a lovely hitting pace. And a lovely hit is. Deep in the crease for a big swing at it and it's about waist height, but it has whistled past everyone into the straight boundary;
19.1;2;Pretorius to Stoinis, 2 runs they sneak a second from deep midwicket. Loopy slower ball outside off, met on the full and dragged to deep midwicket's right. He's all the way back on that big boundary and can't stop the second;
18.6;1;Nortje to Stoinis, 1 run full and just outside off, shuffles and drives off the toe-end to long-off;
18.5;4;Nortje to Stoinis, FOUR runs drags it over midwicket! Nortje's length is off yet again and this time the field isn't set for it. It's a slower ball, but it's dropped short outside off and gives Stoinis enough time to swing at it. It's off the thick inside edge but it's enough because there's no one in the deep there;
18.4;1;Nortje to Wade, 1 run overpitched and wide outside off, throws his hands at that and gets a thick outside edge on the bounce to deep backward point;
18.3;1;Nortje to Stoinis, 1 run missed length again but he's set a field for this. Another knee high full toss outside off, can only get it out to deep extra cover;
18.2;2;Nortje to Stoinis, 2 runs dropped in the follow through. Very sharp opportunity, just does well to get a hand on it. He's missed his length again though. This is overpitched at off, front leg out the way and crunched aerially back at the bowler. He sticks out his right hand;
18.1;1;Nortje to Wade, 1 run misses out. Knee height full toss across off stump and Wade has a big slash at it. Helps to have Nortje's pace because this has sliced off the face and to deep backward point;
17.6;1;Pretorius to Wade, 1 run full slower ball, very wide outside off from around the wicket. Gets a strong base on one knee but can't manage to get more power on this boisterous drive. Straight to long-off;
17.5;1;Pretorius to Stoinis, 1 run slower ball at a length outside off, walks into the line and crunches along the ground to long-on's left;
17.4;1;Pretorius to Wade, 1 run full slower ball outside off, shapes for the ramp again after going a long way into the off side, but is forced to jab this behind point;
17.3;1;Pretorius to Stoinis, 1 run good length outside off, shuffles and hammers this on the rise to long-off;
17.2;1;Pretorius to Wade, 1 run full and wide outside off, driven firmly to sweeper cover;
17.2;1w;Pretorius to Wade, 1 wide called wide! Oh that's a close one. Full floaty slower ball just by the tramline. Wade has a hack at it and is beaten. Looked to be under his bat, but was also just past the tramline. Tough call;
17.1;1;Pretorius to Stoinis, 1 run he shuffles to try and open up the boundary over square leg, but swats this straight to deep midwicket on the bounce. Good length ball wide outside off and he sort of fell into the line there;
16.6;4;Rabada to Wade, FOUR runs superbly done. Expert limited-overs batting from Wade that. Short of a length and across him outside off. He shuffles a long way into the off side but doesn't lose balance or his eyes on the ball. Manages to ramp it wide of short fine;
16.5;?;Rabada to Wade, no run yorker at off stump, squeezed hurriedly into the covers;
16.4;4;Rabada to Wade, FOUR runs past mid-off and into the boundary! Not to be this time for Markram. Offcutter at a length just outside off, drives on the up and loses control. But it's to Markram's right and dipping in front of him. He looks for the catch, as is probably right at this stage, but he can't get under that and it bounces away from under him;
16.3;1;Rabada to Stoinis, 1 run full and into leg stump, flicked out to deep midwicket;
16.2;1;Rabada to Wade, 1 run yorker across off stump, gets low and chops it to third man's left;
16.1;1;Rabada to Stoinis, 1 run low full toss at leg stump, punched out to long-on's right;
15.6;1;Shamsi to Stoinis, 1 run full at leg stump, gets forward and flicks to deep square;
15.5;?;Shamsi to Stoinis, no run oooh tight. Tight. Stoinis saved by the slowness of the surface. He's pinned deep in the crease trying to push this incoming ball through square leg. But it's not quick enough to trouble him and he manages an inside edge;
15.4;?;Shamsi to Stoinis, no run tossed up at leg stump, gets on a knee and plays the reverse paddle, straight to short third;
15.3;1;Shamsi to Wade, 1 run full at middle stump, leans in and flicks to deep midwicket;
15.2;W;Shamsi to Maxwell, OUT Shamsi takes off! Maxwell's success with the reverse sweep is over for the day. This one a switch hit, actually. This is full, pushed through at middle stump, and he's ended up outside its line at off stump. Swings furiously at it but he was playing catch up, that slid through and split the stumps. 50th T20I wicket for him;Glenn Maxwell b Shamsi 18 (35m 21b 1x4 0x6) SR: 85.71;
15.1;?;Shamsi to Maxwell, no run good length and turning in from off stump, clattered back at the bowler who sticks out a boot. This is Shamsi's boot, mind you, it's doubled up as a phone in the past. Now a shield, apparently...;
14.6;1;Nortje to Maxwell, 1 run short and up at the ribs, pulled firmly to deep square's left and Rabada puts in a slide to get behind that;
14.5;W;Nortje to Smith, OUT sensational work from Markram! My word. They don't have the runs but South Africa have been world class in the field. It's another short of a length ball in the corridor and this time Smith gets good connection on the pull. But it's straighter than the last shot and Markram is fielding about 20 yards in from the long-on boundary. He bursts to his right and keeps his eyes on this until the last moment. By the time he's prepared for this stunning full-stretched dive to his right, the ball is behind him. But he's got two hands safely around it to grab inches from the ground. Superb, superb stuff. Add this to the list of SA's heroics in the field already after that Bavuma catch in the warm-ups;Steven Smith c Markram b Nortje 35 (46m 34b 3x4 0x6) SR: 102.94;
14.4;4;Nortje to Smith, FOUR runs swung away over midwicket. Marginally short outside off, shuffles and pulls it - a bit off the inside half - and gets it over the only fielder in that region;
14.3;?;Nortje to Smith, no run shout for lbw and a good one, I thought. South Africa won't review it. Good length and slanted into off stump, he shuffles to flick and is caught in front. But on the thigh guard, so possibly going over;
14.2;?;Nortje to Smith, no run good length and outside off, 141kph. Comes on nicely as Smith crouches into a flowing square drive. Straight to point;
14.1;1lb;Nortje to Maxwell, 1 leg bye short of a length and into the pads, looks to swipe that with the angle and gets it off the thigh guard;
13.6;?;Shamsi to Smith, no run short of a length and across off stump, backs away and slices straight to backward point;
13.5;1;Shamsi to Maxwell, 1 run good length at middle stump, gets another reverse hoick out, but along the ground to deep backward point;
13.4;1;Shamsi to Smith, 1 run tossed up outside off, leans in and drills this past Maxwell's head, long-off cleans up;
13.3;?;Shamsi to Smith, no run good length and flat at off stump, flicked to midwicket off the front foot;
13.2;1;Shamsi to Maxwell, 1 run tossed up at off stump, driven past the non-striker to long-off;
13.1;4;Shamsi to Maxwell, FOUR runs swatted over backward point! Puts pressure on Shamsi straight away and they can get this over out of the way without risks now. Good length and at off stump, gets low, gets his right leg well into the off side to create room and reverses this;
12.6;1;Maharaj to Maxwell, 1 run good length on leg stump, whipped to deep midwicket;
12.5;1;Maharaj to Smith, 1 run good length at middle stump, swept to deep square;
12.4;4;Maharaj to Smith, FOUR runs lovely placement. Backs into the leg side in anticipation of Maharaj pushing it into his body. And into his body it is. At a good length, but Smith is deep in the crease and punches this over extra cover off the back foot;
12.3;1;Maharaj to Maxwell, 1 run just short of deep midwicket! Gets this to dip on a good length, Maxwell splits his legs and looks to heave it leg-side. Miscues it completely;
12.2;1;Maharaj to Smith, 1 run length and into the stumps, driven to long-on off the front foot;
12.1;?;Maharaj to Smith, no run tossed up and slowed right down as it skids on with the arm at leg stump, wanted to drive through cover with the turn, but this is off the inside half and at midwicket;
11.6;1;Pretorius to Smith, 1 run good length and just outside off, drives on the up to sweeper cover;
11.5;1;Pretorius to Maxwell, 1 run good length outside off, leans into the line of this and punches firmly to sweeper cover;
11.4;1;Pretorius to Smith, 1 run good length outside off, leans in and carves this out to sweeper cover;
11.3;1;Pretorius to Maxwell, 1 run offcutter at a length on off stump, shuffles and touch and goes with the turn to deep midwicket;
11.2;1;Pretorius to Smith, 1 run good length and into off stump, shuffles and whips to deep square;
11.1;?;Pretorius to Smith, no run uppish but wide of Pretroius' outstretched left arm. Good length and sticking a bit as Smith gets forward to drive. It ends up safely at mid-off;
10.6;?;Maharaj to Maxwell, no run appeal for catch being down leg but they won't review it. Good length and sliding on with the arm as he looks to flick off the front foot, nice take from QDK. It was off Maxwell's pad;
10.5;?;Maharaj to Maxwell, no run good length and some grip this time, turns it away from off and Maxwell can't get enough with his jab towards long-on;
10.4;1;Maharaj to Smith, 1 run good length and straight on at the pads, punched to long-on from deep in the crease;
10.3;1;Maharaj to Maxwell, 1 run good length at leg stump, gets forward and turns it into vacant midwicket. Maharaj tracks it down himself with a sprint;
10.2;1;Maharaj to Smith, 1 run back of a length at middle stump, punched to long-on off the back foot;
10.1;1;Maharaj to Maxwell, 1 run good length and into leg stump, flicked through square leg;
9.6;1;Pretorius to Maxwell, 1 run full and straight, flicked off the pads to deep midwicket;
9.5;1;Pretorius to Smith, 1 run full at off stump, that on-drive sounded good off the bat as it went to long-on;
9.4;?;Pretorius to Smith, no run length ball outside off, square drives into point;
9.3;1;Pretorius to Maxwell, 1 run on off stump, pushed through the covers;
9.2;?;Pretorius to Maxwell, no run beats the edge as he plays off the back foot against a short-of-a-length delivery that zips through;
9.1;1;Pretorius to Smith, 1 run back of a length outside off, punched to deep cover;
8.6;1;Shamsi to Smith, 1 run goodness me! Lucky on two fronts. Gets a big inside edge past the stumps as he drives, then it would have been tight for a run out after David Miller swooped from short fine, but the throw was a touch wide and de Kock couldn't gather it. Maxwell would have been out;
8.5;?;Shamsi to Smith, no run full outside off, goes across the crease and defends;
8.4;4;Shamsi to Smith, FOUR runs this slides across outside off, Smith opens the face and it runs through short third;
8.3;1;Shamsi to Maxwell, 1 run clipped off the toes through square leg;
8.2;1;Shamsi to Smith, 1 run full outside off, drives down the ground...Australia need a few calm overs;
8.1;1;Shamsi to Maxwell, 1 run worked off the pads to deep midwicket;
7.6;1;Maharaj to Maxwell, 1 run there's some edge in this as he works it from outside off, but it was reasonably well controlled towards short third;
7.5;W;Maharaj to Marsh, OUT taken at deep midwicket! A full delivery, angling into the pads, Marsh opted for the leg side and tried to clear deep midwicket but it came off the bottom of the bat;Mitchell Marsh c van der Dussen b Maharaj 11 (26m 17b 1x4 0x6) SR: 64.7;
7.4;1;Maharaj to Smith, 1 run comes down the pitch and plays down the ground to long-on;
7.3;1;Maharaj to Marsh, 1 run again stays leg side of it, drives to long-off;
7.2;2;Maharaj to Marsh, 2 runs stands outside leg stump and drives firmly to long-off, and very good running makes the second;
7.1;1;Maharaj to Smith, 1 run round the wicket, short on off stump, leans back and drives to deep cover;
6.6;?;Shamsi to Marsh, no run goes for the reverse sweep again and again hits it well but straight to the fielder at backward point;
6.5;1;Shamsi to Smith, 1 run worked off the pads through square leg...wanted the second but they decline;
6.4;1;Shamsi to Marsh, 1 run goes back to a short delivery that doesn't quite bounce, pulled to deep midwicket;
6.3;?;Shamsi to Marsh, no run full outside off, connects well with a reverse sweep but straight to short third;
6.2;1;Shamsi to Smith, 1 run on the stumps, worked off the pads backward of square;
6.1;2;Shamsi to Smith, 2 runs over the wicket, full outside off, driven sweetly through the covers and gives the sweeper some work;
5.6;?;Maharaj to Marsh, no run flicked off the pads to square leg;
5.5;2;Maharaj to Marsh, 2 runs goes back outside leg stump and straight-pulls this down the ground, not quite where he was aiming;
5.4;?;Maharaj to Marsh, no run full and straight, driven to the bowler;
5.3;1;Maharaj to Smith, 1 run fraction short of a length, driven off the back foot to long-off;
5.2;1;Maharaj to Marsh, 1 run full on the pads, clipped into the on side;
5.1;1;Maharaj to Smith, 1 run pushed off the pads into midwicket;
4.6;3;Rabada to Smith, 3 runs short on off stump, that's a superbly controlled pull shot as he rolls his wrists and sends it backward of square...it almost gets flicked back by Pretorius, but trickles into the rope. Well, appears the third umpire has said it was cut off. I must need my eyes testing;
4.5;?;Rabada to Smith, no run a bouncer, angled over middle and leg, looked very short but is judged legal;
4.4;?;Rabada to Smith, no run back of a length outside off, driven into the covers;
4.3;W;Rabada to Warner, OUT well caught! The gamble pays off to keep Rababa on. Full outside off, Warner goes for the drive but slices the shot and can't keep it down or get it wide of the fielder at backward point;David Warner c Klaasen b Rabada 14 (9m 15b 3x4 0x6) SR: 93.33;
4.2;?;Rabada to Warner, no run short of a length, goes deep in the crease and defends to cover;
4.1;4;Rabada to Warner, FOUR runs width outside off, Warner takes advantage with a square drive through point;
3.6;?;Nortje to Marsh, no run full at the stumps, driven firmly into the pitch and bounces up to the bowler. Good comeback after the boundary;
3.5;?;Nortje to Marsh, no run back of a length at off stump, 143kph, defended;
3.4;?;Nortje to Marsh, no run short of a length, goes for a pull and it hammers into his hip...that will sting;
3.3;?;Nortje to Marsh, no run full at off stump, driven firmly back to the bowler...phew, 150kph (93mph);
3.2;?;Nortje to Marsh, no run back of a length, straight, Marsh swings across the line and it takes him high on the pads;
3.1;4;Nortje to Marsh, FOUR runs full and square, whipped strongly in front of square and runs over the quick outfield;
2.6;?;Rabada to Warner, no run oh dear! That's a big full toss, Warner manages to play it into the off side and looks for the no-ball call but the square leg umpire says it's okay;
2.5;?;Rabada to Warner, no run drags the length back, on middle and leg, cramps Warner for room and takes the thigh guard...145kph that one;
2.4;4;Rabada to Warner, FOUR runs full at off stump, a trade-mark punchy cover drive from Warner beats the inner ring;
2.3;?;Rabada to Warner, no run keeps it short on off stump, defended on the back foot;
2.2;?;Rabada to Warner, no run back of a length at off stump, played square into the covers;
2.1;4;Rabada to Warner, FOUR runs short, at the body, and he latches on with a pull through square leg. That will make him feel better;
1.6;?;Nortje to Marsh, no run over the top edge! Some heat on that one. Short of a length outside off, Marsh going after it straightaway;
1.5;W;Nortje to Finch, OUT taken at third man! Wide outside off, Finch threw everything into a drive, it skewed off the top edge and was neatly taken as Rabada moved to his left;Aaron Finch c Rabada b Nortje 0 (22m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
1.4;1;Nortje to Warner, 1 run back on the stumps, tucked to the on side;
1.4;1w;Nortje to Warner, 1 wide pushed down the leg side, excellent one-handed take from de Kock;
1.3;?;Nortje to Warner, no run back of a length at off stump, 142kph, played into backward point with an open face;
1.2;?;Nortje to Warner, no run full at middle, worked off the pads into midwicket;
1.1;?;Nortje to Warner, no run full outside off, beats the edge as Warner aims for a booming cover drive;
0.6;?;Rabada to Finch, no run fuller, Finch's footwork not great as he comes forward, takes a thickish edge to the leg side;
0.5;?;Rabada to Finch, no run back of a length at off stump, 141kph, defended on the back foot;
0.5;1w;Rabada to Finch, 1 wide angled well down the leg side;
0.4;?;Rabada to Finch, no run that's quick...141kph, short outside off, zips over Finch's top edge as he fences at it;
0.3;?;Rabada to Finch, no run uses his feet and walks at Rabada then lobs a short-of-a-length delivery into the air on the leg side but it falls safely;
0.2;1;Rabada to Warner, 1 run tight run! Finch might have been gone with a hit. Warner pushed it into the off side and set off. Maybe just home;
0.1;?;Rabada to Warner, no run over the wicket, short outside off, punched at the top of the bounce into the covers;

Welcome back everyone. Players back in the middle. What can South Africa make of this total?
 Innings Start
South Africa
Australia
13th Match, Group 1, Abu Dhabi, Oct 23 2021, ICC Men's T20 World Cup
118/9
121/5
Player of the match is Josh Hazlewood, AUS
Australia won by 5 wickets (with 2 balls remaining)
