Data
AKRUR : "If BD can get Marsh for less than 10 runs..its curtains for Aus...coz the rest of the Aus batsmen togather don't look like they can score 90 odd runs..."
7.35pm Lots of cutters, plenty of turn, and Bangladesh are restricted to 104 for 9. The Australians are smiling, the Bangladesh dugout looks disappointed with the effort, but you never know, maybe it was still a good choice to bat first on this deck. However, a target of 105 instead of (let's say) 125 makes a big difference in how Australia will approach the chase despite being down 0-3 in the series. Much lesser pressure from the first ball, but a few early wickets can change that. When we are back, it will be Andrew McGlashan on the comms seat.
As for standout players, Naim's 36-ball 28 doesn't look too bad given Bangladesh finished with only one wicket in hand. Afif's 17-ball 20 deserves a shout out too. Hazlewood excellent to get Soumya and Shakib out, and Swepson really got the ball to zip around.
Mashur: "The match is at 50-50 situation to me. BD bowlers will be more agressive today, I tell you!"
19.6;W;Tye to Shoriful Islam, OUT Tye finishes off wicket another wicket Good length on middle, and he goes for a wild heave through the leg side. Through the shot early, in the air, and deep midwicket takes the catch. Bangladesh finish on 104 for 9;Shoriful Islam c McDermott b Tye 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
19.5;W;Tye to Mahedi Hasan, OUT full, just outside off. Clears the front leg to smack it over cover. Toe-ended, and in the air. Cover gets under it to take a reverse-cup catch;Mahedi Hasan c Carey b Tye 23 (19m 16b 1x4 1x6) SR: 143.75;
19.4;2;Tye to Mahedi Hasan, 2 runs full toss, maybe it's humid out there. Mistimed swiped to deep backward square;
19.3;6;Tye to Mahedi Hasan, SIX runs three figures! Short ball, not quick. Stays on the back foot, keeps his eyes on the ball, and pulled over deep backward square leg for six;
19.2;4;Tye to Mahedi Hasan, FOUR runs a much needed full toss. Slower ball, dipping just outside off. Swings leg side, gets enough on it to beat the two fielders on the leg side and take the side closer to 100;
19.1;2;Tye to Mahedi Hasan, 2 runs good length, just outside off. Walks across to paddle it leg side. Top edged and Hazlewood gets under it and puts in a dive, but he drops it;
18.6;?;Hazlewood to Nasum, no run good length, just outside off. Slower ball to end the over as he looks to hammer it through the leg side but doesn't connect;
18.5;1;Hazlewood to Mahedi Hasan, 1 run good length, just outside off. Deft late cut that can beat short third man, but Henriques dives across, and parries it towards Wade;
18.4;?;Hazlewood to Mahedi Hasan, no run fullish on off. Bit of extra bounce. Looks to play it to deep backward square. Misses;
18.3;1;Hazlewood to Nasum, 1 run full outside off. Backs away and then gets his bat to the ball by stretching out. Driven to cover;
18.2;1;Hazlewood to Mahedi Hasan, 1 run back of a length outside off. Comes down the wicket and flat-bats it to long on;
18.1;2;Hazlewood to Mahedi Hasan, 2 runs good length, wider outside off. Slaps a cut to deep point. Can it dribble away for four? Nope, deep extra cover running to his left intercepts;
17.6;?;Tye to Nasum, no run full just outside off, and the slower ball slides across the left-hander. Looks to hit it through the leg side but misses;
17.5;1;Tye to Mahedi Hasan, 1 run back of a length, just outside off. Slapped to third man for a quick single;
17.4;1;Tye to Nasum, 1 run fullish, on off. Tap and run to the off side;
17.3;?;Tye to Nasum, no run yorker length, just outside off. Cutter going across. Can't get bat on ball;
17.2;W;Tye to Shamim Hossain, OUT full, on leg, and it's the slower ball. Wants to work it leg side but pushes at it with hard hands. Pops straight to midwicket who gobbles it up with ease. Smart bowling;Shamim Hossain c Carey b Tye 3 (15m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
17.1;1;Tye to Mahedi Hasan, 1 run good length, outside off, and tapped to cover point;
16.6;?;Turner to Shamim Hossain, no run sweep missed as this full ball outside off turns away. Looks to go through the leg side. Ball whizzes under the bat;
16.5;1;Turner to Mahedi Hasan, 1 run full just outside off stump. Drilled to wide long on for one;
16.4;1;Turner to Shamim Hossain, 1 run good length, just outside off. Turning away, punchedf through the off side;
16.3;?;Turner to Shamim Hossain, no run fullish, just outside off stump. Tapped in front of point, and Henriques cuts it off;
16.2;1;Turner to Mahedi Hasan, 1 run full just outside leg. Tapped to midwicket and they scurry across for one. Fielder runs to his right, collects, and throws it in. Wade whips the bails off, but the dive has saved he batter;
16.1;?;Turner to Mahedi Hasan, no run good length outside leg and skidding into middle. Mistimed flick to the leg side;
15.6;1;Agar to Mahedi Hasan, 1 run length ball outside off and turning away. Slapped to deep point;
15.5;?;Agar to Mahedi Hasan, no run good length, on off. Fended off the back foot;
15.4;W;Agar to Afif, OUT full on off stump. Down on one knee as he goes for the slog sweep. Well timed, but it's soared straight into the hands of the fielder placed at deep midwicket for that very stroke. Afif will be disappointed falling that way. Wade gives out a chuckle as he high-fives Agar;Afif Hossain c Henriques b Agar 20 (24m 17b 0x4 1x6) SR: 117.64;
15.3;1;Agar to Shamim Hossain, 1 run full, just outside off. Pushed past the bowler to long on for one;
15.2;1;Agar to Afif, 1 run good length, on off stump. Flicked to deep midwicket;
15.1;6;Agar to Afif, SIX runs freebie! Loopy full toss, nearly waist high. Afif keeps his eyes on the ball and smashes it over deep backward squre for six.;
14.6;1;Swepson to Afif, 1 run full outside off, and driven to deep extra cover for one;
14.5;?;Swepson to Afif, no run reverse paddle attempted as this full ball is played towards backward point;
14.4;1;Swepson to Shamim Hossain, 1 run full outside off stump, and the drive is mistimed to mid off;
14.3;W;Swepson to Mohammad Naim, OUT enough defending Naim feels. Goes for the slog sweep, but he ends up slicing the shot right up. Wade calls early for the catch, flicks his helmet off, and then takes the catch. This was full, quicker, on off, and Naim was a bit out of position to get that over cow corner;Mohammad Naim c ?Wade b Swepson 28 (66m 36b 2x4 0x6) SR: 77.77;
14.2;?;Swepson to Mohammad Naim, no run out? Maybe pitched outside leg. But they're reviewing anyway. This was a skiddy googly that pitched fullish around leg stump. Turned towards middle stump. Hit the front leg as he went back deep in his crease to flick. Pitching juuuuust outside leg so the umpire is right;
14.1;?;Swepson to Mohammad Naim, no run overpitched outside off, and clattered square to point, but intercepted;
13.6;?;Agar to Afif, no run good length, on middle. Fended off the back foot;
13.5;1;Agar to Mohammad Naim, 1 run full on leg, and worked off his pads to deep backward square leg for a single;
13.4;1;Agar to Afif, 1 run full, just outside off, and caressed to cover;
13.3;2;Agar to Afif, 2 runs beautiful! Full on middle, down on one knee, and slog swept to cow corner. Christian at long on runs to his left, grabs with both hands as he dives across the line, and releases it with a reverse-flip into the field of play before falling over! Saves four very crucial runs;
13.2;2;Agar to Afif, 2 runs good length, on off. Punched to midwicket, where there's a gap big enough to come back for two;
13.1;2;Agar to Afif, 2 runs full, just outside off. Nudged off his toes to deep midwicket;
12.6;1lb;Swepson to Afif, 1 leg bye;
12.5;?;Swepson to Afif, no run full, googly on off. Left alone;
12.4;2;Swepson to Afif, 2 runs length ball pulled to deep midwicket for a couple more;
12.3;?;Swepson to Afif, no run good length just outside off. Wants to cut, misses;
12.2;1;Swepson to Mohammad Naim, 1 run overpitched, on his toes. Flicked to deep midwicket for one;
12.1;?;Swepson to Mohammad Naim, no run tidy ball. Good length on off and turning into middle. Goes deep in his crease and fends it back;
11.6;1;Henriques to Mohammad Naim, 1 run fullish, outside off stump. Pushed to mid off, where Hazlewood is standing;
11.5;1;Henriques to Afif, 1 run good length angling into middle and leg. Worked off his hips to deep backward square leg;
11.4;?;Henriques to Afif, no run fullish, just outside off. Nudged to point but Naim is out of his crease so Agar has a shy at the bowler's end. Not a direct hit, but definitely forced Naim to scamper back;
11.3;2;Henriques to Afif, 2 runs short and wide, around the stumps, and he crunches the cut to deep Fielder in the deep cuts it off;
11.2;1;Henriques to Mohammad Naim, 1 run good length, on off and punched to point for a quick single;
11.1;?;Henriques to Mohammad Naim, no run good length on leg stump, tries to flick. Hits the pad, but inside edged and so he survives;
10.6;W;Swepson to Nurul, OUT out first ball? Maybe a bit high. Good length on off and turning in as Nurul goes onto the back foot to defend. Hits the front leg, huge lbw appeal but not given;. They review. What does ball tracking say? That's smashing into leg stump. Umpire has to change his decision, and Swepson is on a hat-trick on a surface where there's plenty of zip;Nurul Hasan lbw b Swepson 0 (2m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
10.5;W;Swepson to Mahmudullah, OUT lbw appeal, and given! Full, on off, and this is the wrong'un! Goes for the sweep, misses, hits the front leg. This is crashing into middle.;Mahmudullah lbw b Swepson 0 (4m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
10.4;?;Swepson to Mahmudullah, no run good length just outside off. Turning in. Tapped to the off side;
10.3;1;Swepson to Mohammad Naim, 1 run good length, on middle, and turning into him. Swiped to deep midwicket;
10.2;?;Swepson to Mohammad Naim, no run overpitched just outside off, and drilled to cover;
10.1;2;Swepson to Mohammad Naim, 2 runs good length on off, turning away. Cut in front of square to deep extra cover;
9.6;?;Hazlewood to Mahmudullah, no run full outside off, driven to cover;
9.5;W;Hazlewood to Shakib, OUT and he gets him! Back of a length, a cutter, Shakib backing away to try and cut, he's cramped for room and gets a top edge;Shakib Al Hasan c ?Wade b Hazlewood 15 (23m 26b 1x4 0x6) SR: 57.69;
9.4;?;Hazlewood to Shakib, no run this zips through! Shakib charged Hazlewood, it was short of a length and climbed over his bat and also kept following him;
9.3;4;Hazlewood to Shakib, FOUR runs good invention from Shakib as he walks across the stumps and scoops a short-of-a-length delivery wide of the keeper to fine leg;
9.2;1;Hazlewood to Mohammad Naim, 1 run angled into the pads, whipped to deep square leg;
9.1;?;Hazlewood to Mohammad Naim, no run round the wicket, good length at the stumps, punched to midwicket;
8.6;?;Swepson to Shakib, no run uses his feet, nearly done in the air, nicely bowled, doesn't get to the pitch but is able to push into the covers;
8.5;?;Swepson to Shakib, no run a big-spinning googly outside off, he plays over the top of it;
8.4;2;Swepson to Shakib, 2 runs stays deeper in the crease, tucks this off the pads through fine leg;
8.3;?;Swepson to Shakib, no run gives himself room outside leg, ball dies off the pitch and takes the bottom edge...dribbles back to the bowler;
8.2;1;Swepson to Mohammad Naim, 1 run on leg stump, worked off the pads to deep square leg;
8.1;1;Swepson to Shakib, 1 run over the wicket, touch of width outside off, driven into the covers;
7.6;1;Agar to Shakib, 1 run comes down the pitch and bunts to long-on;
7.5;?;Agar to Shakib, no run shorter outside off, he leans back and slices to short third man;
7.4;?;Agar to Shakib, no run full and straight, can only pushed it back to the bowler...Wade very vocal;
7.3;?;Agar to Shakib, no run driven into the covers;
7.2;?;Agar to Shakib, no run gets the yorker in, jabbed back down the pitch...that was flicked out of the fingers. Agar's doosra?;
7.1;1;Agar to Mohammad Naim, 1 run pushed down the ground to long-on;
6.6;2;Turner to Shakib, 2 runs whipped off the pads and that's placed nicely between deep square and deep midwicket to allow the second;
6.5;?;Turner to Shakib, no run full at the stumps, Shakib plays back and taps to the on side;
6.4;2;Turner to Shakib, 2 runs goes down early and sweeps from outside off to fine leg;
6.3;1;Turner to Mohammad Naim, 1 run chipped in the air into midwicket, lots of space there and Turner chases it himself;
6.2;1;Turner to Shakib, 1 run worked off the pads to short fine leg;
6.1;1;Turner to Mohammad Naim, 1 run driven through the off side to long-on;
5.6;?;Tye to Shakib, no run drives and misses at a very full delivery outside off, doesn't reach Wade on the full. Good over from Tye;
5.5;?;Tye to Shakib, no run full outside leg stump, deflects off the pad but Wade is able to get across;
5.4;?;Tye to Shakib, no run well bowled, a lovely slower delivery, beats a flat-foot drive as he shapes away very late on a full length;
5.3;1;Tye to Mohammad Naim, 1 run short of a length around leg stump, worked off the pads into midwicket;
5.2;?;Tye to Mohammad Naim, no run full at the stumps, driven to cover;
5.1;?;Tye to Mohammad Naim, no run full at off stump, pushed back to the bowler;
4.6;2;Agar to Shakib, 2 runs hint of width outside off, square drives through backward point;
4.5;?;Agar to Shakib, no run big appeal for lbw! Agar liked it. Not given and they won't review...Shakib going for a sweep, taken on the knee roll. Height maybe the issue;
4.4;?;Agar to Shakib, no run whipped firmly back to Agar who hurls the ball back to Wade and nearly catches Shakib napping;
4.3;?;Agar to Shakib, no run punches this from outside off to the on side;
4.3;1w;Agar to Shakib, 1 wide short of a length and this spins significantly, goes down the leg side and called wide;
4.2;?;Agar to Shakib, no run uses his feet and works this from outside off to midwicket;
4.1;?;Agar to Shakib, no run over the wicket, full at the stumps, defended;
3.6;?;Hazlewood to Mohammad Naim, no run pushed firmly back to the bowler;
3.5;?;Hazlewood to Mohammad Naim, no run a strangled appeal for lbw, this did him a little for pace, but it's angling down the leg side from round the wicket;
3.4;2;Hazlewood to Mohammad Naim, 2 runs just clears the off-side ring, his bottom hand comes through the drive, the ball wasn't quite full enough, but the leading edge evades cover;
3.3;W;Hazlewood to Soumya, OUT short of a length, aims across the line to the leg side with a cross-batted swipe and gets a big top edge into the covers;Soumya Sarkar c Carey b Hazlewood 8 (15m 10b 0x4 1x6) SR: 80;
3.2;1;Hazlewood to Mohammad Naim, 1 run driven firmly to mid-on on the edge of the circle...think he's broken his bat;
3.1;?;Hazlewood to Mohammad Naim, no run follows him with a back-of-a-length delivery, has a big heave to leg and it takes a top edge towards point;
3.1;1nb;Hazlewood to Mohammad Naim, (no ball) climbs from short of a length and beats the top edge as Naim chases it...but Hazlewood has overstepped;
2.6;?;Turner to Soumya, no run comes forward and pushes to point;
2.5;?;Turner to Soumya, no run and he's done him again, a second one past the outside edge as Soumya looks to fiddle it away;
2.4;?;Turner to Soumya, no run nicely bowled, beats the outside edge as he stretches forward;
2.3;1;Turner to Mohammad Naim, 1 run drives to the right of Turner who gets a hand on it with a dive but can't prevent the single;
2.3;2w;Turner to Soumya, 2 wide down the leg side and it evades Wade;
2.2;6;Turner to Soumya, SIX runs clears long-off! He's timed that chip-drive perfectly, although sure he quite meant to keep the fielder so interested;
2.1;1;Turner to Mohammad Naim, 1 run round the wicket, worked off the stumps behind square;
1.6;1;Hazlewood to Mohammad Naim, 1 run length ball and middle and off, runs off the face into the gully area;
1.5;4;Hazlewood to Mohammad Naim, FOUR runs good length outside off and that's a beautiful piece of timing as he angles it away through backward point with an open face;
1.4;4;Hazlewood to Mohammad Naim, FOUR runs terrific shot...short outside leg stump, pulled off the hip through square leg. Excellent timing;
1.3;1;Hazlewood to Soumya, 1 run fuller at off stump, he's caught on the crease, manages to nudge it square on the leg side;
1.2;?;Hazlewood to Soumya, no run on off stump, back of a length, hit of seam movement and it's defended to the off side;
1.1;?;Hazlewood to Soumya, no run over the wicket, back of a length at the stumps, defended to cover;
0.6;?;Turner to Mohammad Naim, no run driven to mid-off...Turner skips through the first over without any damage;
0.5;1;Turner to Soumya, 1 run works a straight delivery into the gap at midwicket;
0.4;?;Turner to Soumya, no run on the stumps, nudged to the on side;
0.3;1;Turner to Mohammad Naim, 1 run full on the stumps, tucked into midwicket to get up and running;
0.2;?;Turner to Mohammad Naim, no run round the wicket, outside off, tapped away;
0.1;?;Turner to Mohammad Naim, no run full outside off, from around the wickets. Defended away off the front foot;

Ashton Turner to open the bowling
5.52pm Hello everyone. I can confirm that Nathan Ellis has been rested if that helps anyone. I think it's a bid odd regardless of how well or not you thought he bowled and the value of the hat-trick. May as well have another look at him. Anyway, Justin Langer feels otherwise.
S. M. MOHAMMAD: "Surprised to see Bangladesh remain unchanged! You have won the series, now you need to provide some chances for other players in the squad for the sake of world cup preparation. Saifuddin and Taskin deserved to be in playing eleven."
Mal: "A hat trick early in your spell has an impact on the game. A hat trick from the last three balls contributes more to personal glory than team success. I'd swap Mustafizur's figures (4-0-9-0) for Ellis' hat trick, no question." I agree on the impact side of things, although three dot balls in a T20 can be important and Australia should have chased that target. If he was good enough to play yesterday, could have given him another game. It's not a huge deal, he probably isn't going to make the World Cup squad and suspect he might play the last game on Monday.
5.50pm Ten minutes to the first ball, here's Andrew McGlashan to get the ball rolling.
Moiz: "Despite a hat trick in last game why Nathan Ellis is not playing today?" -- The 30+ runs in his first three overs may not have impressed the management.
Aayushman: "Fear for Nathan Ellis. Was the previous game going to be his first and last despite taking a hattrick?"
Toss Bangladesh win toss, will bat first - there are two changes for Australia. Andrew Tye and Mitchell Swepson are in, in place of Nathan Ellis and Adam Zampa.
Australia Matthew Wade, Ben McDermott, Mitchell Marsh, Dan Christian, Moises Henriques, Alex Carey, Ashton Turner, Ashton Agar, Andrew Tye, Mitchell Swepson, Josh Hazlewood
Bangladesh Mohammad Naim, Soumya Sarkar, Shakib Al Hasan, Mahmudullah, Nurul Hasan, Afif Hossain, Shamim Hossain, Mahedi Hasan, Mustafizur Rahman, Shoriful Islam, Nasum Ahmed
fahad hossen: "Any weather update??" -- I hear it's cloudy once again today, but dryer. It rained at around noon.
Md Nazmul Islam: "@hafayat ,I think t20 World Cup pitch will be much faster than mirpur, Spin won't be the x-factor "
hafayat: "If Bangladesh win today, definitely they are going to make it 5-0. But the biggest concern is the batting although they are winning. These scores are below per. Any Asian team or a team with proper batting line up who can face spin bowling would definitely chase them. As the world cup in Abu Dhabi, Bangladesh needs to learn how to score 160-170 in spinning track, otherwise it would be difficult for them reach semis."
5.12pm With a 3-0 scoreline already, and the series in the bag as well, there's only one question now: can Bangladesh make it 5-0? The hosts' combination of pace and spin has restricted Australia to under 130 every time so far even if Bangladesh's own batting hasn't been a whole 100%. That said, different batters have raised their hand up in different occasions in the series for Bangladesh, and unfortunately for Australia, only one man - Mitchell Marsh - has done the same for them.
What does today hold in store? Let's find out together with me Sreshth Shah and Andrew McGlashan this evening.
 Innings Start
That's all from us at ESPNcricinfo. On behalf of Ranjith P and Andrew McGlashan this is Sreshth Shah signing off. See you for the 5th T20I day after tomorrow. If you want more cricket, England v India is on!
Presentation
Winning captain Matthew Wade:: "We've worked hard over the last few games and not had the result go our way. It's hard work out there. The way Dan played, thats the difference between moving and losing sometimes. We needed big runs up top, and that changed the match. Management and staff had a chat, and we wanted to find runs somewhere, and it was difficult to do it in the back end. So we made the decision to send Dan out early, and we hoped he would capitalise on it with only two fielders in the boundary. It would be nice for players, myself included, to score more runs. It's not that we are batting that poorly, even they are struggling. But we'll get one more opportunity to put a score out there next game, both personally and as a team. The bowlers have obviously dominated in this series. You're looking to get quick 30s and quick 40s. We may play three spinners next game."
Mitchell Swepson is the Player of the Match: "It was definitely nice to get the nod to play. Nice conditions to bowl. Have never experienced such conditions back, and enjoyed. Hope to get another chance next game. On such turning wickets, I actually had a hard time keeping the ball straight.
Losing captain Mahmudullah: "It was always difficult to chase, but we didn't assess the wicket well enough batting first. It was a 120-targetn wicket. Having said that bowlers did a good job to take it to the 19th over. But as batters we need to be cautious and sensible. Today's wicket was hardest among all. Dan Christian whole the change scenario but it can happen in a T20 game. We know Shakib is a champion bowler. We wanted to keep Mustafizur a bit late for the 19th over. But the bowlers did well, its the batters who didn't."
tanmoy maiti: "No one is criticizing Shakib...they are criticizing the captain to bring Fizz late"
9.15pm A hard-earned win for Australia and Mahmudullah fist-pumps the Bangladesh bowlers too for the fight they showed defending such a low total. Dan Christian's match changing innings ensured Australia were always ahead of the chase. Agar's 27-ball 27 was crucial too on this surface.
Rafiq Fahim: "One bad match doesn't mean that he is a ordinary bowler. Every player may have bad days. Don't criticise Shakib for today's game. "
Asib Auvi : "Bd fans thought of for a Banglawash, but Australia came back strong. Congratulations. "
18.6;1;Mustafizur to Tye, 1 run slower ball, full on leg. Tapped to the bowler's right and they are off for a single. Applause from the dug out as Australia win by three wickets;
18.5;?;Mustafizur to Tye, no run yorker, just outside off. Cutter angles away. Under the bat to the keeper;
18.4;?;Mustafizur to Tye, no run full just outside off. angling across. Misses the slog. Past the edge to the keeper;
18.3;2;Mustafizur to Tye, 2 runs good length, outside leg stump. Flicked off his pads to deep backward square, but goes in the air to fine leg instead. Lands safely;
18.2;?;Mustafizur to Tye, no run good length on middle. Nudged to point, and they look to take a single. But stopped;
18.1;1;Mustafizur to Turner, 1 run yorker length, just outside off. Slapped to point;
17.6;1;Shoriful Islam to Turner, 1 run full just outside off. Mistimes a drive straight down the grounf. Long off cuts it off;
17.5;1;Shoriful Islam to Tye, 1 run back of a length, on middle. Pulled to the right of midwicket. But the fielder dives to stop a prospective four;
17.4;?;Shoriful Islam to Tye, no run yorker length, just outside off stump. Toe-ends a shot to midwicket;
17.3;W;Shoriful Islam to Agar, OUT stunning! Good length, just outside off. Flat-bats a shot past the non-striker but Shamim at mid on dives to his right - displays a lot of hang time - and takes a catch parallel to the ground;Ashton Agar c Shamim Hossain b Shoriful Islam 27 (29m 27b 2x4 1x6) SR: 100;
17.2;?;Shoriful Islam to Agar, no run slower ball, fuller outside off. Cut to point, and intercepted inside the circle;
17.1;4;Shoriful Islam to Agar, FOUR runs good length, outside off and clobbered by cutting through the off side in front of square! No stopping that;
16.6;?;Mustafizur to Turner, no run full and wide outside off stump. Happy to let that go to the keeper;
16.5;1;Mustafizur to Agar, 1 run full outside off, and cut to point;
16.4;?;Mustafizur to Agar, no run another cutter. Length ball just outside off and jags in. Misses the cut, hits the bat and edged into his pad;
16.3;?;Mustafizur to Agar, no run cutter. Good length outside off, and zipping in to hit his gloves thereafter. Agar misses the cut, and takes his gloves off to tend to his hand;
16.2;?;Mustafizur to Agar, no run full and wide, and wants to drive. Goes under the bat to the keeper;
16.1;2;Mustafizur to Agar, 2 runs low full toss on his pads, and flicked to deep midwicket. Played gently enough to come back for two;
15.6;1;Shakib to Agar, 1 run overpitched, just outside off stump. Drilled to wide long off for one;
15.5;1;Shakib to Turner, 1 run good length, just outside off. Fended to cover point and they go for a single;
15.4;?;Shakib to Turner, no run;
15.3;?;Shakib to Turner, no run;
15.2;1;Shakib to Agar, 1 run full on off, and turning in. Flicked to deep midwicket;
15.1;4;Shakib to Agar, FOUR runs overpitched, just outside off. Drilled past the non-striker and hit so well that it's beaten both long on and long off! Shakib proving to be expensive;
14.6;?;Mahmudullah to Turner, no run good length, just outside off. Tries to punch, but inside edged onto his pads;
14.5;1;Mahmudullah to Agar, 1 run fullish, wider outside off stump. Cut to deep point for a single;
14.4;?;Mahmudullah to Agar, no run full outside off stump. Pushes at it away from his body. Sliced to point;
14.3;1;Mahmudullah to Turner, 1 run good length outside off. Turning in. Stays on the back foot, and punched to long off;
14.2;?;Mahmudullah to Turner, no run full, on off stump. Pushed to mid off off the front foot;
14.1;1;Mahmudullah to Agar, 1 run full outside off stump. Turning away. Driven to cover;
13.6;?;Nasum to Turner, no run good length, on off, and leg-side swipe to midwicket;
13.5;?;Nasum to Turner, no run full on middle stump. Defended back to the bowler;
13.4;1;Nasum to Agar, 1 run good length, on off stump. Flicked off his waist to deep backward square leg;
13.3;?;Nasum to Agar, no run over the stumps. Full outside off stump. Driven back to the bowler;
13.3;1w;Nasum to Agar, 1 wide good length, outside leg stump. Turning in. Past the leg side to the keeper;
13.2;6;Nasum to Agar, SIX runs full on off stump. Down on one knee and slapped over deep midwicket!;
13.1;1;Nasum to Turner, 1 run full, just outside off stump. Turning in. Takes the edge past first slip;
12.6;1;Mahedi Hasan to Turner, 1 run full outside off and driven past the fielder at cover to long off;
12.5;?;Mahedi Hasan to Turner, no run full outside off stump, and driven against the turn to cover;
12.4;?;Mahedi Hasan to Turner, no run full, just outside off and turning in. Fended to the leg side;
12.3;1;Mahedi Hasan to Agar, 1 run full on middle, and driven to long off for a single;
12.2;2;Mahedi Hasan to Agar, 2 runs good length, outside off and turning away. Agar makes room, and slaps it to deep extra cover for a couple;
12.1;?;Mahedi Hasan to Agar, no run full on middle and leg. Defended onto his pads;
11.6;1;Shoriful Islam to Agar, 1 run good length, wider outside off. Slapped to deep point;
11.5;1;Shoriful Islam to Turner, 1 run full on off stump. Pushed to cover point for a quick run;
11.4;?;Shoriful Islam to Turner, no run good length on middle and leg. Nudged off hips to midwicket;
11.3;?;Shoriful Islam to Turner, no run slower ball. Full on middle. Fended back;
11.2;1lb;Shoriful Islam to Agar, 1 leg bye good length on off and angling into leg. Hits the thigh region, and rolls away. They scamper across for one;
11.1;?;Shoriful Islam to Agar, no run full, just outside off stump. Defended off the front foot to the off side;
10.6;1;Mahedi Hasan to Agar, 1 run overpitched on leg stump. Clears the front leg, backs away, and drives to extra cover in the deep;
10.5;?;Mahedi Hasan to Agar, no run full on middle. And defended back to the bowler's right;
10.4;?;Mahedi Hasan to Agar, no run;
10.3;?;Mahedi Hasan to Agar, no run around the stumps. Full on leg. Pushed back to the bowler;
10.2;W;Mahedi Hasan to Marsh, OUT through him! Classical offbreak. Full on off, turning in. Drives inside the ball's line. The ball passes the outside edge and hits middle and off. Marsh is outta here;Mitchell Marsh b Mahedi Hasan 11 (32m 15b 1x4 0x6) SR: 73.33;
10.1;1;Mahedi Hasan to Turner, 1 run full just outside off. Goes across and swipes a sweep to square leg;
9.6;?;Mustafizur to Marsh, no run full on leg and defended with soft hands;
9.5;?;Mustafizur to Marsh, no run full and wide. Angling away. Goes for the drive, and it goes past the edge to the keeper. Appeal for caught behind but the sound was bat hitting ground;
9.4;1;Mustafizur to Turner, 1 run good length ball, outside leg stump. Flicked off his hips to fine leg for a single;
9.3;W;Mustafizur to Carey, OUT plumb! Full, slower ball. He comes forward to defend, but it goes past the bat and hits the pad. Given out but Carey reviews instantly...so is that bat first? Maybe not. The cutter is crashing into middle and leg. Carey's poor form in Bangladesh continues;Alex Carey lbw b Mustafizur Rahman 1 (7m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 16.66;
9.2;1;Mustafizur to Marsh, 1 run good length, outside leg stump, and flicked to deep backward square for a single;
9.1;?;Mustafizur to Marsh, no run full on middle, and nudged to the leg side off the front foot;
8.6;1;Mahedi Hasan to Marsh, 1 run full outside off, and the attempted drive is inside edged past the stumps to the leg side;
8.5;1;Mahedi Hasan to Carey, 1 run good length, outside off, cut to deep point;
8.4;?;Mahedi Hasan to Carey, no run good length, just outside off, fended;
8.3;?;Mahedi Hasan to Carey, no run good length, just outside off. Fended;
8.2;?;Mahedi Hasan to Carey, no run full on middle and leg. Presses forward to drive, hard hands back to the bowler;
8.1;?;Mahedi Hasan to Carey, no run full on off from around the stumps. Defended to the leg side;
7.6;W;Shakib to Marsh, OUT an appeal for run out backing up! Played forcefully back down the pitch, Shakib gets a finger on it. Is Henriques safe? They are trying to confirm the touch first. Does seem to take a finger into the stumps. And he's short!;Moises Henriques run out (Shakib Al Hasan) 4 (14m 9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 44.44;
7.5;?;Shakib to Marsh, no run quicker, full at the stumps, played to cover;
7.4;4;Shakib to Marsh, FOUR runs great shot! A full delivery on the stumps, Marsh drives inside-out over extra cover;
7.3;1;Shakib to Henriques, 1 run touch shorter, he plays back then drives down to long-off;
7.2;2;Shakib to Henriques, 2 runs driven into the covers where the fielder dives over it;
7.1;1;Shakib to Marsh, 1 run stays back on leg stump and drives a straight delivery to deep cover;
6.6;?;Nasum to Henriques, no run leans forward and plays back to the bowler;
6.5;1;Nasum to Marsh, 1 run very full and driven down the ground;
6.4;?;Nasum to Marsh, no run short of a length, angled in at the stumps, driven to cover;
6.3;1;Nasum to Henriques, 1 run drives firmly down the ground to long-off;
6.2;?;Nasum to Henriques, no run pushes a full delivery to mid-on;
6.1;1;Nasum to Marsh, 1 run sweeps a very full delivery off the stumps to short fine leg, tight run and a better return might have had Henriques in trouble;
5.6;?;Mustafizur to Henriques, no run full and straight, defended to cover. A wicket maiden to end the Powerplay;
5.5;?;Mustafizur to Henriques, no run past the edge...full at off stump, Henriques' feet are caught in the crease and he's feeling for it. They are finding him almost unplayable;
5.4;?;Mustafizur to Henriques, no run back of a length at off stump, defended;
5.3;?;Mustafizur to Henriques, no run another beauty! Length ball, angling across, grips off the surface and beats the edge;
5.2;W;Mustafizur to Christian, OUT straight to point! A fuller delivery, Christian gave himself a touch of room but sliced the drive in the air. Simple catch;Dan Christian c Shamim Hossain b Mustafizur Rahman 39 (18m 15b 1x4 5x6) SR: 260;
5.1;?;Mustafizur to Christian, no run and there's the cutter! Lovely stuff. Over the wicket, short of a length, grips and completely defeats Christian;
4.6;2;Nasum to Marsh, 2 runs edged, wide of the keeper, no slip! Nicely bowled, this turned again, Marsh playing away from his body;
4.5;?;Nasum to Marsh, no run another shout for lbw! But has an inside edge saved Marsh? Must have been. This looked straight. Yes, big edge;
4.4;W;Nasum to McDermott, OUT square up, given lbw! Lovely piece of bowling of Nasum. Looked to pitched around middle, straightened, beat the outside edge and took the back leg;Ben McDermott lbw b Nasum Ahmed 5 (20m 12b 0x4 0x6) SR: 41.66;
4.3;?;Nasum to McDermott, no run big spin! Back of a length at off spin and rags away from McDermott;
4.2;1;Nasum to Christian, 1 run driven along the ground to long-off;
4.1;1;Nasum to McDermott, 1 run pushed towards mid-on;
3.6;6;Shakib to Christian, SIX runs shorter, flatter, but six more! 30 runs off the over. Five sixes. Christian rocked back and pulled this over deep midwicket;
3.5;6;Shakib to Christian, SIX runs but he connects this time! More on the stumps, another meaty swing into the seats at long-on;
3.4;?;Shakib to Christian, no run tossed wider outside off, Christian tries another slog sweep but this spins away and he can't connect;
3.3;6;Shakib to Christian, SIX runs three in a row! Not quite so full, he went down on his back knee and slog swept over deep midwicket;
3.2;6;Shakib to Christian, SIX runs this is a bit more of a mow, but six more! Stayed in his crease this time and swung through the line over wide long-on;
3.1;6;Shakib to Christian, SIX runs lovely footwork and super stroke...he skips down the pitch, holds his shape and lofts this over long-on. Classic;
2.6;?;Nasum to McDermott, no run opens his stance a touch and drives this off the stumps to cover. Tight over;
2.5;?;Nasum to McDermott, no run good length at the stumps, stretches forward and defends;
2.4;?;Nasum to McDermott, no run short of a length, he rocks back and square drives to cover;
2.3;1;Nasum to Christian, 1 run this one is clubbed into the midwicket area without much timing;
2.2;?;Nasum to Christian, no run that's a slog! A huge swing across the line of a length delivery, good take by the keeper;
2.1;?;Nasum to Christian, no run skids through outside off and beats Christian's under edge as he cuts;
1.6;?;Shakib to McDermott, no run a straighter delivery, full at middle, defended back to the bowler;
1.5;?;Shakib to McDermott, no run onto the front foot and pushes towards point;
1.5;1w;Shakib to McDermott, 1 wide pushed down the leg side;
1.4;2;Shakib to McDermott, 2 runs more outside off, gives him a chance to drive through the off side, nicely placed wide of long-off;
1.3;?;Shakib to McDermott, no run full at off stump, big stride forward and played to the on side;
1.2;1;Shakib to Christian, 1 run full at the stumps, a slog sweep through midwicket...Christian isn't going to be defending;
1.1;1;Shakib to McDermott, 1 run full on the pads, clipped through the on side;
0.6;4;Mahedi Hasan to Christian, FOUR runs down the ground...well, DC's intentions are clean. A hefty swing through the line and it straight of mid-off;
0.5;2;Mahedi Hasan to Christian, 2 runs big shot first ball! Full delivery outside off, he lofts it in the air over cover although without perfectly timing it;
0.4;W;Mahedi Hasan to Wade, OUT through him! There's an early one. Mahedi continues to dominate the Powerplay. Round the wicket, slides on with the air, goes between bat and pad. Lovely bowling. Careless from Wade;Matthew Wade b Mahedi Hasan 2 (3m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
0.3;?;Mahedi Hasan to Wade, no run full at off stump, defended;
0.2;2;Mahedi Hasan to Wade, 2 runs round the wicket, good line outside off, draws Wade forward and takes an outside edge but it's reasonably well controlled wide of slip;
0.1;1;Mahedi Hasan to McDermott, 1 run works a straight delivery off the pads through midwicket;

Hello everyone. Surely Australia can chase these? Mahedi Hasan to open the bowling
 Innings Start
Bangladesh
Australia
4th T20I (N), Dhaka, Aug 7 2021, Australia tour of Bangladesh
104/9
105/7
Player of the match is Mitchell Swepson, AUS
Australia won by 3 wickets (with 6 balls remaining)
