Data
We'll be back in a mo with Australia's reply.
Dave is understandably unimpressed with the Australia's death bowling: "Good to see that Australia have tried to execute the right length again...not. Do they not watch the opposition?"
Good innings by Mahela, to hold things together after three wickets fell quickly. Perera played a blinder, as Australia's bowlers shied away from bowling yorkers at the death. But the good start for Australia means that 161 is probably just about par.
They will have to negotiate Mendis and Dananjaya though, and the pitch seems a little on the slow side and took quite a bit of turn as well.
19.6;1b;Laughlin to Perera, 1 bye slower ball, fullish outside off stump. Perera goes for another heave, but can't connect. Mahela scampers to the striker's end anyway and they steal a bye off the last;
19.5;6;Laughlin to Perera, SIX runs top edged six! No luck there for Laughlin, but it's been that kind of day for Perera. Length outside off stump, Perera tries to wallop that over mid on, but it gets a thick outside edge and flies over the fine leg rope;
19.4;1;Laughlin to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run full ouside off stump, driven down the ground. Respite for Laughlin, but Perera is on strike now.;
19.3;4;Laughlin to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs a trio of fours! Super batting. Length ball on off stump, Jayawardene backs away and strokes that over backward point;
19.2;4;Laughlin to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs a fine shot again, just pure reaction there. Lughlin bangs in a short ball at the body as Mahela backs away, but the batsman just ramps that over the keeper;
19.1;4;Laughlin to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs Mahela connects with a reverse sweep off a length ball on middle stump, and he gets it beyond the short fine leg for four;
18.6;4;Faulkner to Perera, FOUR runs Perera's playing a gem here. That was just delicate tough. Gets inside the line of a full ball outside off stump and ramps it over fine leg for four.;
18.5;2;Faulkner to Perera, 2 runs full toss, hit hard wide of the square sweeper on the off side, who runs around to collect;
18.4;1;Faulkner to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run wide and full, square driven uppishly to the sweeper;
18.3;1;Faulkner to Perera, 1 run full outside off, tries to turn that to the leg side but only gets a boot to it;
18.2;1;Faulkner to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run Mahela moves across the stump and pulls that to short fine leg, mishit again;
18.1;2;Faulkner to Mahela Jayawardene, 2 runs mishit in the air by Mahela, but safe. Length outside off stump. Mahela tries to go inside out, but scoops it in the air, just beyond wide mid off;
17.6;?;Starc to Perera, no run 129 kph bouncer, Perera shapes to hook but is undone by the lack of pace, I think. Can't connect.;
17.5;4;Starc to Perera, FOUR runs long off is in the circle, and Perera pounces on a juicy half-volley, wide of off stump. Drills that past mid off for four;
17.4;1;Starc to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run fast yorker on middle stump, Mahela can only dig that out into the off side.;
17.3;2;Starc to Mahela Jayawardene, 2 runs trouble for Sri Lanka, but he might just be safe. Mahela opens up and drives that past cover, but they take off for a risky second. The throw comes to Perera's end, but he's just made it.;
17.2;1;Starc to Perera, 1 run full, but tighter into the stumps. Drilled to long off;
17.1;2;Starc to Perera, 2 runs full and wide, Perera crashes that over the off side, but the sweeper can run around to cut it off;
16.6;?;Faulkner to Mahela Jayawardene, no run full, and wide, Mahela drives but can't connect. Perera needs as much of the strike as possible here.;
16.5;1;Faulkner to Perera, 1 run full and outside off stump, Perera wallops it, but straight to the deep point fielder.;
16.4;1;Faulkner to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run shortish, on the stumps. Mahela gets an under-edge to hit as he pulls to short fine leg;
16.3;1;Faulkner to Perera, 1 run full toss on the stumps, driven hard into the pitch and that bounces over bowler.;
16.2;6;Faulkner to Perera, SIX runs great hitting from Perera. Short of a length slower ball on the stumps, Perera clears the hip and smashes that high over cow corner.;
16.1;1;Faulkner to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run slower ball, short of a length outside off stump, dabbed to third man;
11.6;1;Maxwell to Jeevan Mendis, 1 run fullish on off stump, pushed towards long on;
11.5;?;Maxwell to Jeevan Mendis, no run big appeal, as Mendis misses a sweep off a full ball outside off stump. Wade thinks he's nicked that, but the umpire is unmoved.;
11.4;1;Maxwell to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run full on the stumps, worked into the leg side;
11.3;2;Maxwell to Mahela Jayawardene, 2 runs length on middle stump, reverse swept past short fine leg, but the sweeper runs around to cut it off;
11.2;6;Maxwell to Mahela Jayawardene, SIX runs towering straight six from Mahela. That;s his release against the spinners. Comes down the pitch, makes room and hits that way back into the seats;
11.1;1;Maxwell to Jeevan Mendis, 1 run short ball pitched outside off and straightening, pushed to point for one;
10.6;?;Starc to Mahela Jayawardene, no run full toss on middle stump, 147 kph, defended to cover;
10.5;1;Starc to Jeevan Mendis, 1 run short of a length outside off stump, glides it down to third man;
10.4;1;Starc to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run 129 kph, length on off stump, defended into the vacant off side;
10.3;1;Starc to Jeevan Mendis, 1 run full and outside off, driven wide of mid off, who runs across and makes a good stop;
10.2;4;Starc to Jeevan Mendis, FOUR runs opens the face, gets it on the outside of the bat and gets a shortish ball outside off stump just wide of the keeper for four;
10.1;1;Starc to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run slower ball on the legs, glanced to fine leg;
15.6;1;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run drifted into the legs, turned behind square on the leg side;
15.5;1;Doherty to Perera, 1 run mishit, but well safe. Perera tried to hit that over long on, but gets it squarer than intended after being beaten in the flight, Warner cuts it off in the deep.;
15.4;4;Doherty to Perera, FOUR runs clobbered! That's what he's at the crease for. Full on the stumps, Perera clears the front leg and smashes that past the bowler, and he beats long off running around;
15.3;2;Doherty to Perera, 2 runs fullish on leg stump, swung away hard into the leg side, where deep midwicket runs around to collect;
15.2;W;Doherty to Jeevan Mendis, OUT holes out to long off. Doherty bowls that a bit flatter, and Mendis runs down the pitch, but can't get under it. He hits it hard and flat, and straight to Faulkner at long off;Jeevan Mendis c Faulkner b Doherty 25 (32m 24b 3x4 0x6) SR: 104.16;
15.1;1;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run fullish, outside off stump, Mahela steps out drive that to long off;
14.6;1;Laughlin to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run slower again, full outside of stump, Mahela tries to run it fine, but just gets an outside edge. Wade collects, but they can scamper one;
14.5;?;Laughlin to Mahela Jayawardene, no run slower ball, full outside off stump, Mahela gets down to sweep that but misses;
14.4;1;Laughlin to Jeevan Mendis, 1 run oh deear! Laughlin just had to pick up the ball, and he would have had Mahela out. Mendis gets bat on a slower ball, and it dribbles down past his feet. There is a stutter as the batsmen run, and Laughlin just had to pick up the ball and hit the stumps from metres out, but fails to pick it up;
14.3;1;Laughlin to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run opens up again, but decides just to push that slower ball into the off side;
14.2;6;Laughlin to Mahela Jayawardene, SIX runs gets it this time! Full, on the stumps, Mahela opens up and smites it over straightish cover, all the way;
14.1;?;Laughlin to Mahela Jayawardene, no run slower ball, Mahela backs away and aims one over cover, but is beaten by the lack of pace;
13.6;?;Doherty to Jeevan Mendis, no run slower, outside off. Mendis cuts that, but can't beat the fielder;
13.5;2;Doherty to Jeevan Mendis, 2 runs sweeps a length ball on the stumps powerfully, but can't beat the legside sweeper this time, who covers good ground;
13.4;?;Doherty to Jeevan Mendis, no run tossed up outside off, driven to a fielder on the off side;
13.3;4;Doherty to Jeevan Mendis, FOUR runs Almost all the way. Short on the legs and Mendis slogs that over midwicket, and it lands centimetres short of the rope;
13.2;4;Doherty to Jeevan Mendis, FOUR runs short, on leg stump, and Mendis swings that behind square on the leg side for four. Doherty might have bowled shorter because Mendis was looking like he'd shuffle down the pitch;
13.1;1;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run full, and straightening on middle, Jayawardene sweeps and finds short fine leg;
12.6;1;Laughlin to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run gull toss on the legs, but Mahela can't capitalise. Connects well, but hits that straight to fine leg;
12.5;?;Laughlin to Mahela Jayawardene, no run full and on the stumps, driven straight to short cover;
12.4;4;Laughlin to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs well timed behind square on the off side for four. Shortish and outside off, Mahela pounces with a late cut;
12.3;?;Laughlin to Mahela Jayawardene, no run slower ball, tries to run that fine again, but can't connect;
12.2;?;Laughlin to Mahela Jayawardene, no run length outside off stump, Mahela tries to run that off the face, but gets and under edge to the keeper;
12.1;1;Laughlin to Jeevan Mendis, 1 run missed run out! Direct hit might have tested Mahela. Lenght outside off, hit to short third man, who has a go at the stumps but misses;
9.6;?;Doherty to Jeevan Mendis, no run full and flat, defended with a straight bat;
9.5;?;Doherty to Jeevan Mendis, no run fuller, pushed straight to cover;
9.4;?;Doherty to Jeevan Mendis, no run runs down the track and tries to heave that on the on side, but it's dropped short again, and turns too much for Mendis to connect. Hits him in the thigh;
9.3;?;Doherty to Jeevan Mendis, no run expansive reverse sweep attempted there, but it's too short from Doherty and it turns a mile as well. Mendis misses;
9.2;1;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run tossed up on the stumps, turned into the leg stump;
9.1;1;Doherty to Jeevan Mendis, 1 run full and flat outside off stump, Mendis opens the face and pushes it wide of backward point;
8.6;1;Maxwell to Jeevan Mendis, 1 run full on off stump, pushed square on the off side;
8.5;1;Maxwell to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run full on the stumps, pushed into a vacant area on the off side infield;
8.5;1w;Maxwell to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 wide pitches outside leg and straightens,;
8.4;?;Maxwell to Mahela Jayawardene, no run length, straightening on middle, Mahela plays a reverse sweep, but finds short third man;
8.3;2lb;Maxwell to Mahela Jayawardene, 2 leg byes length on leg stump again, glances that fine of the short fine leg fielder;
8.2;1;Maxwell to Jeevan Mendis, 1 run tossed up to pitch on leg, Mendis plays his favourite sweep, to get it to fine leg;
8.1;1lb;Maxwell to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 leg bye length ball, straightening on leg stump, turned around the corner - maybe off the pad;
7.6;1;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run tossed up, straightening on middle. Driven to long on;
7.5;4;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs Doherty strays down leg, and Jayawardene sweeps it fine, all the way to the boundary;
7.4;1;Doherty to Jeevan Mendis, 1 run fullish on the legs, turned into the leg side;
7.3;1;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run pushed to cover, where it is misfielded;
7.2;1;Doherty to Jeevan Mendis, 1 run length on leg stump, Mendis reverse sweeps in front of square;
7.1;?;Doherty to Jeevan Mendis, no run full and on off stump, Mendis hits that into the surface;
6.6;?;Maxwell to Mahela Jayawardene, no run length ball on off stump, defended into the leg side.;
6.5;?;Maxwell to Mahela Jayawardene, no run full outside off stump, defended to short cover;
6.4;W;Maxwell to Perera, OUT well caught, running back. Perera is down the track, but beaten in the flight by Maxwell and he hits that high. Bailey runs back from cover to take a difficult catch over his shoulder. Perera perishes again, having promised much early on. Sri Lanka need a partnership here though.;Kusal Perera c Bailey b Maxwell 15 (30m 17b 3x4 0x6) SR: 88.23;
6.3;1;Maxwell to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run tossed up outside off stump, defended into a gap on the off side;
6.2;1;Maxwell to Perera, 1 run length again, on leg stump. Perera collects a run into the infield on the on side;
6.1;1;Maxwell to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run length, straightening on leg stump. Jayawardene turns it to the leg side.;
5.6;1;Laughlin to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run slower and on the legs, turned into a gap on the leg side;
5.5;1lb;Laughlin to Perera, 1 leg bye short and into the body, Perera misses his pull shot, but Mahela is sprinting down to take a run off the deflection and Perera eventually responds;
5.4;1;Laughlin to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run short outside off stump, glides it down to third man;
5.3;W;Laughlin to Chandimal, OUT that is an awful looking shot. Short outside off stump, Chandimal tries to heave that over mid on with a cross-bat shot, but is too late on the stroke, and ends up scooping it to Bailey at mid off. Didn't look too comfortable, despite the boundary;Dinesh Chandimal c Bailey b Laughlin 5 (11m 9b 1x4 0x6) SR: 55.55;
5.2;?;Laughlin to Chandimal, no run length outside off stump, cut hard into the square, but David Warner fields that at backward point;
5.1;4;Laughlin to Chandimal, FOUR runs slower ball to start, but Chandimal isn't fooled by that one. Plays a lovely cover drive to an overpitched delivery and pierces the infield;
4.6;?;Faulkner to Perera, no run leg cutter, 113 kph. Breaks a little off the surface and evades Perera's push. Terrific over;
4.5;1;Faulkner to Chandimal, 1 run short of a length, into the body. Chandimal defends that onto the deck and can get down the other end;
4.4;?;Faulkner to Chandimal, no run and again a slower ball, outside off. Chandimal is swinging and missing once again;
4.3;?;Faulkner to Chandimal, no run quick one this time, length outside off. Chandimal can't connect with a cut shot;
4.2;?;Faulkner to Chandimal, no run slower again and fuller, Chandimal tries to hit this through cover and misses again;
4.1;?;Faulkner to Chandimal, no run slower ball, length outside off, Chandimal misses with a big drive;
3.6;4;Starc to Perera, FOUR runs and he's wise enough to deal with the variation as well. Slower ball outside off stump, a little short. Perera drags that behind square on the leg side for four. Another good shot;
3.5;4;Starc to Perera, FOUR runs dear me that is a fine shot. Is that you Sanath? Fullish and outside off stump, Perera gets his front foot across and creams that through cover on the up. That flew off the bat.;
3.5;1w;Starc to Perera, 1 wide way down leg, and Wade dives well to stop that from being only one wide;
3.4;?;Starc to Perera, no run slower ball, pushed back to the bowler on the front foot;
3.3;4;Starc to Perera, FOUR runs shot! Full and straight, Perera gets under it and murders it over mid off for four.;
3.2;?;Starc to Perera, no run almost a run out! Fullish on the stumps, Perera pushes that straight to mid on, and calls no early, but Chandimal has scampered a couple of metres down the pitch. He turns, but a direct hit would have beaten his dive;
3.1;?;Starc to Perera, no run shortish and outside off stump, cut hard, but straight to backward point;
2.6;?;Faulkner to Chandimal, no run full on off stump, Chandiimal defends that to cover on the front foot;
2.5;W;Faulkner to Dilshan, OUT slower ball again, and this time he bowls him! Dilshan tried to pull that one, but it didn't bounce as high as he expected. It takes an under edge and clips off stump. I think the slowness of the ball did him in there.;Tillakaratne Dilshan b Faulkner 6 (12m 10b 0x4 0x6) SR: 60;
2.4;4lb;Faulkner to Dilshan, 4 leg byes poor bowling, fine leg in the circle, but Faulkner bowls this on leg stump and it takes a deflection off Dilshan's thigh pad and rolls to the boundary;
2.3;?;Faulkner to Dilshan, no run slower ball on a length, Dilshan is too early on the drive and misses;
2.2;1;Faulkner to Perera, 1 run shortish and wide, cut aerially, but in between the fielders. There's a lot of Jayasuriya in that shot. long leg runs around to field;
2.1;1;Faulkner to Dilshan, 1 run full and on off stump, Dilshan drives it straight, but can't time it again. They take one as mid off comes around to field;
1.6;?;Starc to Perera, no run length on the stumps, defended on the front foot.;
1.5;?;Starc to Perera, no run much better. He beats Perera's cut shot with a short of a length ball, a foot outside off stump;
1.5;1w;Starc to Perera, 1 wide wide again, down full and down the leg side;
1.5;1w;Starc to Perera, 1 wide full, and pushed down the leg side, 144 kph;
1.4;?;Starc to Perera, no run short of a length angled in towards off stump. Perera is nicely behind it;
1.3;1;Starc to Dilshan, 1 run full and angled across, Dilshan drives again, but with no timing, the batsmen scamper one into the off side;
1.2;?;Starc to Dilshan, no run bouncer on off stump, Dilshan shapes to hook but ends up leaving it;
1.1;?;Starc to Dilshan, no run angled wide again, on a length. Dilshan drives away from his body, but straight to cover;
1.1;1w;Starc to Dilshan, 1 wide angled way wide of off stump;
0.6;?;Maxwell to Perera, no run shortish and wide again, and cut straight to backward point;
0.5;1;Maxwell to Dilshan, 1 run turned off his legs into a gap on the leg side;
0.4;1;Maxwell to Perera, 1 run flighted on off, driven to long off;
0.3;?;Maxwell to Perera, no run tossed up wide and spinning sharply away, Perera misses;
0.2;3;Maxwell to Dilshan, 3 runs dropped second ball! Terrific effort though. Dilshan goes aerial over mid on, and Ben Laughlin runs around from cow corner, to try to take the mishit stroke, but can't complete the catch on it despite having put in a big dive;
0.1;?;Maxwell to Dilshan, no run fullish in middle stump from around the wicket, driven to mid on;

Dilshan takes strike now, and Glenn Maxwell has the ball.
Not far away from the start now. A lot of excited feedback from Sri Lanka about Dananjaya's inclusion. For those of you who haven't followed his story, his profile may be worth a look. Basically, he is Sri Lanka's wild card spinner, who is yet to play like a wild card. He had an encouragingly consistent World Twenty20, only a month after playing his first professional cricket match at the age of 18.
Mondraker Demichilis: "Adam Voges must have the record for most balls faced in a T20I without hitting a boundary! How long will it take him today?" It wasn't just Voges in that last match - no one in the Australian side but Warner hit a four, and Bailey contributed the only other six.
Navin: "It is going to be tough for Australia given that apart from Warner none have been able to decode he Malinga-kulasekara mystery." But Sri Lanka haven't looked all that comfortable against Xavier Doherty either, so if it's a pitch that will take some turn, he could be a handful again.
Glenn Maxwell thought Australia had been outplayed in all departments in Sydney, and outlined his side's woes in more detail here. You can also read Brydon Coverdale's preview, while you wait.
One change for each side: James Faulkner comes into the home side for Ben Cutting, and Australia will have their first look at Akila Dananjaya, who replaces Lahiru Thirimanne in the XI. Two specialist spinners for Sri Lanka then, in addition to Jeevan Mendis. Thirimanne is out with an ankle injury.
News from the 'G' is that Australia have won the toss and asked Sri Lanka to bat first. It's the first time in seven limited overs matches that the tourists will bat first, if I'm not mistaken. They have built each of their three victories on bowling first, so it will be interesting to see how they react to having to set a score, and indeed, how Australia will go bowling first,
We will have the toss details for you as they filter through shortly, as well as the XIs for both teams.
Sri Lanka are of course 1-0 up in the series, and have the chance to return with a trophy to call their own. The MCG hasn't been so kind to them in the last month though. It was the scene of the worst of their Test and ODI defeats, but perhaps the shortest format will bring a change in fortunes.
Hello all, and welcome to our coverage of the second Twenty20 between Sri Lanka and Australia - the final match in what has been a long tour.
 Innings Start
That's about it for our coverage for this cracker of a match. Glad you could be with us. So Sri Lanka finally have something to take away from the tour, even if it was just in the Twenty20s. Until next time, ciao!
Anthony: "Sri Lanka took 33 minutes to bowl the final 5 overs. That's not good enough. We could have fitted in eight overs during that time. I presume the captain will be punished for extemely slow over rates." They certainly did take their time, particularly in that final over - which is what sparked the heated discussion I think. But the players (on both sides) will be lucky if Mathews is the only one who cops a fine methinks. Perera seemed to have given Maxwell a send off after that last ball as well, so he might be docked a percentage of his fees.
In the end, you've got to say Sri Lanka deserved to take it out. The D/L recalculation made things a touch tougher for them, but they gritted it out well, even with a damp ball. A valiant effort from Marsh and Bailey, but Australia just gave away too much ground in the early overs.
Thisara Perera has been adjudged man of the match for his 35 off 15 and 1 for 25 from three overs.
Tempers are really flaring here. Looks like Maxwell is riled up about the extra time that Sri Lanka took before the final ball, and there are about four or five Sri Lankan players who are right in there, arguing animatedly with him. That's about as irate as I have ever seen Mahela, and Dilshan seems pretty worked up as well. Matthew Wade getting some words in, having come onto the field from the dugout. Bailey comes in and plays peacemaker. I suspect we will be hearing more about that.
14.6;1b;Perera to Maxwell, 1 bye swing and a miss! Sri Lanka sneak through! The ball was there for Maxwell. Wide again, and slightly overpitched, but he makes room and misses it this time. Chandimal collects cleanly and runs forward jubilantly.;
14.5;4;Perera to Maxwell, FOUR runs another one. Full toss outside off stump again, and that's carved over point for a second time. The crowd is going nuts at the MCG. What a super hand from Maxwell.;
14.4;4;Perera to Maxwell, FOUR runs full outside off stump, Maxwell gets low and slices it over point for four. Australia are still in it. Great shot first up.;
14.3;1;Perera to Marsh, 1 run yorker on leg stump, Marsh can't get hold of it. Dribbles back to Perera on the pitch. He shies at the stumps, but Australia decide against the overthrow;
14.3;3nb;Perera to Marsh, (no ball) 2 runs waist-high full toss, and that is hit almost all the way. Kulasekara takes it on the boundary, but has to let it go lest he fall over the boundary. It's a no-ball, so there's still four balls remaining, and an extra run.;
14.2;W;Perera to Bailey, OUT oh dear, Bailey. It was a low full toss on the stumps, but Bailey couldn't get enough on it and it sails to Kushal Perera at deep midwicket. That has swung the match significantly towards Sri Lanka.;George Bailey c MDKJ Perera b NLTC Perera 45 (48m 36b 4x4 0x6) SR: 125;
14.1;2;Perera to Bailey, 2 runs full and outside off stump, hit into a gap on the packed offside field and they just scamper two;
13.6;4;Malinga to Marsh, FOUR runs what a shot! Best of the day there! Malinga overpitches again, and Marsh backs away to drive that hard to the cover fence. Hit it into the square, and it bounced over the cover fielder. Australia have a sniff here.;
13.5;1;Malinga to Bailey, 1 run Bailey sets himself for another scoop, but Malinga goes really wide this time, almost pitching it off the cut strip. Bailey can only get an inside edge and the scramble one;
13.4;2;Malinga to Bailey, 2 runs full and wide of the off stump, Bailey drives that just wide of the cover sweeper and there is time for two, particularly as the return is no good;
13.3;4;Malinga to Bailey, FOUR runs four more! Malinga misses his length by a foot and a half. Bailey picks that up from deep in the crease and lofts it over square leg for four.;
13.2;4;Malinga to Bailey, FOUR runs beautifully played Bailey. You sensed it was coming. He moves towards the off side and plays the over the shoulder scoop. Absolutely middles it. Pressure on Malinga now.;
13.1;1;Malinga to Marsh, 1 run wide yorker, hit straight to the cover sweeper. Just one there.;
12.6;1;Kulasekara to Marsh, 1 run yorker again. just outside off stump. Marsh can only dig that out to stump. Kulasekara has recovered well after a poor start.;
12.5;?;Kulasekara to Marsh, no run yorker just outside off stump. Marsh can't connect with a big swing;
12.4;1;Kulasekara to Bailey, 1 run Bailey moves across the stumps again, but it's up near the blockhole and he can only hit it to long on;
12.3;1;Kulasekara to Marsh, 1 run full and on the stumps, drilled to long off;
12.2;1;Kulasekara to Bailey, 1 run full and just outside off, drilled to long on;
12.2;1w;Kulasekara to Bailey, 1 wide pushes that wide on the off side;
12.1;4;Kulasekara to Bailey, FOUR runs hey-o. Great strike. Way outside off stump, and it's overpitched. Bailey lofts that back past the bowler for four.;
11.6;1;Perera to Bailey, 1 run wide full toss, bailey drills it to Malinga at cover who slips as he fields it. The batsmen think of a second, but it's not there.;
11.5;1;Perera to Marsh, 1 run full and on the legs, Marsh hits that straight to short midwicket, but they can scamper one;
11.4;?;Perera to Marsh, no run short of a length on the stumps, Marsh tries to pull again, but gets and under edge and it only goes as far as back to the bowler;
11.3;1;Perera to Bailey, 1 run full toss outside off stump, drilled to long off;
11.2;3;Perera to Marsh, 3 runs short of a length and pulled wide of the legside sweeper, who does well to prevent four;
11.1;1;Perera to Bailey, 1 run full outside off stump, driven to long off;
10.6;?;Mendis to Marsh, no run a bit shorter and turning away from Marsh, Chandimal thinks the batsman got a nick on that and begins to celebrate. The umpire isn't interested. Muted celebration from the Sri Lankans.;
10.5;2;Mendis to Marsh, 2 runs fullish again, driven wide of long on for a couple;
10.4;6;Mendis to Marsh, SIX runs hard, flat, and six. Full outside off stump from Mendis, and Marsh struck that powerfully back past the bowler and it just clears the boundary;
10.3;1;Mendis to Bailey, 1 run Bailey down the track, but Mendis goes flat and short, and Bailey can only get that to long on for one;
10.2;1;Mendis to Marsh, 1 run full and on middle again, marsh goes for another big heave, but mistimes it to square leg this time;
10.1;2;Mendis to Marsh, 2 runs full and on the stumps, Marsh tries a big sweep, but it rolls fine of short fine leg and they get two;
9.6;2;Malinga to Bailey, 2 runs done in by the lack of pace, and he gets a top edge, but it lands safe of the advancing third man. Bailey charged at that back of a length ball, but the ball didn't hang in the air long enough for Dananjaya to get close to it.;
9.5;?;Malinga to Bailey, no run yorker on middle and leg, Bailey drives it, but it's stopped well at short mid on;
9.4;1;Malinga to Marsh, 1 run slower ball again, and short of a length, pulled to deep midwicket;
9.3;1;Malinga to Bailey, 1 run length outside off stump, glides it to third man who runs around and cuts it off;
9.2;1;Malinga to Marsh, 1 run slower ball on the middle stump, Marsh backs away and pushes it square on the off side;
9.1;1;Malinga to Bailey, 1 run slower ball on the stumps, turned off the legs to deep square leg;
8.6;?;Mendis to Marsh, no run length slider on the legs, Marsh whips it straight to short midwicket;
8.5;1;Mendis to Bailey, 1 run fuller this time, and it's the legbreak. Works it through midwicket;
8.4;2;Mendis to Bailey, 2 runs short again, and bit wider. The cut shot brings two more;
8.3;2;Mendis to Bailey, 2 runs flat and short, cuts to deep cover for a couple;
8.2;?;Mendis to Bailey, no run he's smashed that onto his foot! full outside off, Bailey tried to hit it through the leg side but did so onto his boot. Hobbles around, but he's fine;
8.1;4;Mendis to Bailey, FOUR runs full outside off stump, Bailey gets down to scoop that nicely over his shoulder and it runs down to fine leg for four;
7.6;1;Perera to Bailey, 1 run 130 kph, short and outside off. Glides it off the face to third man;
7.5;1;Perera to Marsh, 1 run short of a length outside off, cut to the sweeper;
7.4;1;Perera to Bailey, 1 run slower ball again, Bailey moves across and gets that into the leg side;
7.3;1;Perera to Marsh, 1 run length on off stump, run off the face towards third man;
7.2;?;Perera to Marsh, no run short of a length on off stump, pulls that, but it's mishit and lands short of midwicket;
7.1;1lb;Perera to Bailey, 1 leg bye slower ball on leg stump, worked behind square on the leg side;
6.6;4;Dananjaya to Marsh, FOUR runs good shot again, slog sweep. Could that be what Marsh needed? Swept that straight, wide of mid on;
6.5;6;Dananjaya to Marsh, SIX runs shot. Off break again, I think, and Marsh just waits for it and clobbers it flat over long off for six;
6.4;1;Dananjaya to Bailey, 1 run legbreak there. Bailey got across the stumps and tries to hit that through leg, but didn't expect the ball to turn away from him and gets an under edge onto his pads;
6.3;?;Dananjaya to Bailey, no run regulation off break, a little turn there. Bailey can't do much with it.;
6.2;1;Dananjaya to Marsh, 1 run fuller, and hit in the air to long on, but lands well short;
6.1;?;Dananjaya to Marsh, no run starts well with an off spinner from around the wicket. Angled into the stumps. Marsh just gets his bat down on that one;
5.6;?;Malinga to Bailey, no run length on middle stump again. Bailey tries to make room and hit through cover, but it goes through to the keeper;
5.5;?;Malinga to Bailey, no run short of a length on the stumps again, Bailey hops to defend.;
5.4;?;Malinga to Bailey, no run length on middle stump again, 136 kph, defended;
5.3;2;Malinga to Bailey, 2 runs length on middle stump, turned into the leg side as well. A better throw would have stretched the batsmen, but it was way wide;
5.2;1;Malinga to Bailey, 1 run short-of-a-length on the legs, worked off the thigh pad into a gap on the leg side;
5.1;1;Malinga to Marsh, 1 run starts with a slower length ball on middle stump. Marsh cuts down on that tentatively, and there is time for a single;
4.6;?;Mendis to Bailey, no run full and turning away. Bailey tries to drive it uppishly, but misses.;
4.5;1;Mendis to Marsh, 1 run googly again, pitched on leg stump. Marsh whips that off his legs into the vacant leg side;
4.4;1;Mendis to Bailey, 1 run straighter, and on a length, Bailey pushes that towards long on;
4.3;?;Mendis to Bailey, no run flat, pitched up outside off stump, Bailey defends back to the bowler;
4.2;2;Mendis to Bailey, 2 runs fullish outside off, turning away. Bailey opens the face and runs that fine of short third man;
4.1;W;Mendis to Finch, OUT big shout and that is pretty much plumb. I think that was the googly, pitching on off and turning towards middle. Finch goes for a big sweep, he misses and the ball strikes him on the thigh, in line with middle and off. Simple decision for the umpire.;Aaron Finch lbw b Mendis 7 (17m 6b 1x4 0x6) SR: 116.66;
3.6;?;Kulasekara to Marsh, no run tries to drive a length ball on the up, but can't connect;
3.5;2;Kulasekara to Marsh, 2 runs on the legs again. turned behind square on the leg side;
3.4;1lb;Kulasekara to Finch, 1 leg bye length on the legs, deflects to square leg;
3.3;1;Kulasekara to Marsh, 1 run dropped! Marsh is living very dangerously. Length outside off stump, Marsh gets a leading ege, but Dilshan can't hold on to the low chance, falling to his left at backward point;
3.2;?;Kulasekara to Marsh, no run down the leg side, but it clips the pad;
3.1;?;Kulasekara to Marsh, no run big shout, but it pitched outside leg stump. There could be a run out on here. Marsh started running, even though it deflected straight to slip. Mahela should have run it out, but held the ball for two long before letting rip and Marsh gets back. Strange fielding;
2.6;1;Dilshan to Marsh, 1 run goes back to work this into the leg side, and finally gets a run;
2.5;?;Dilshan to Marsh, no run Marsh backs away again, but his cut finds Jeevan Mendis at cover for the third time in the over;
2.4;?;Dilshan to Marsh, no run hits the fielder again, with a square drive off a fuller ball;
2.3;?;Dilshan to Marsh, no run Marsh backs away to hit a length ball on the stumps through the off side, but finds a fielder;
2.2;?;Dilshan to Marsh, no run big appeal, as that one is angled in. Hits Marsh's pad first, but it's missing leg;
2.1;?;Dilshan to Marsh, no run length outside off, sliding on, Marsh cuts but can't beat backward point;
1.6;4;Kulasekara to Finch, FOUR runs length just wide of off stump, but that is slammed hard into the square on the off side and it runs to the point boundary for Finch's first four;
1.5;1;Kulasekara to Marsh, 1 run length again. outside off stump. Run off the face to third man;
1.4;?;Kulasekara to Marsh, no run a bit fuller, moving away again, Marsh plays that on the front foot. The outside edge is cleaned up at backward point;
1.3;W;Kulasekara to Warner, OUT beautifully bowled by Kulasekara. That was right on a good length and moving away off the seam, Warner tried to hit that through the leg side, but the movement means he got a leading edge which lobs to Thisara Perera at mid off. Sri Lanka silence Warner early.;David Warner c Perera b Kulasekara 7 (5m 6b 1x4 0x6) SR: 116.66;
1.2;?;Kulasekara to Warner, no run pitched on middle, moving slightly away off the seam. Warner knocks that down into the leg side.;
1.1;1;Kulasekara to Finch, 1 run length ball, angled in and moving in off the seam slightly, Finch drops that into the off side;
0.6;2;Dilshan to Warner, 2 runs length again on the stumps, Warner just hits that to the leg side this time, and finds a gap that allows the batsmen to sprint two;
0.5;4;Dilshan to Warner, FOUR runs angled in, but there was length and width and Warner cut that hard through cover, beating two fielders to the fence;
0.4;1;Dilshan to Finch, 1 run pitches outside off stump and straightens, Finch walks across the stumps and turns that to leg;
0.3;1;Dilshan to Warner, 1 run angled in, a little flat and short. Warner works that into the leg side;
0.2;?;Dilshan to Warner, no run length on off stump, cut straight to backward point;
0.1;1;Dilshan to Finch, 1 run short, straightening outside off, Finch hits that to long on;

Welcome back. Warner and Finch are at the crease. Mathews has two frontline-spinners and Jeevan Mendis at his disposal, but it's the part-time off spin of Dilshan that will start things off.
 Innings Start
Sri Lanka
Australia
2nd T20I (N), Melbourne, Jan 28 2013, Sri Lanka tour of Australia
161/4
119/3
Player of the match is Thisara Perera, SL
Sri Lanka won by 2 runs (D/L method)
